VOLUME LXXXVI— JNO. 140.
FROM BRITISH SOURCES COME
REPORTS OF REPULSES OF
BOERS AT MAFEKING.
LONDON, Oct. 18.— The Morning
Post's Ladysmith correspondent
telegraphs that the Basutos have
risen against the Free State.
LADYSMITH, Oct 17, 5 p. m.—
The foremost detachment of the
enemy's northern column has ad
vanced beyond Ingagane, and no
definite movement has been made
from the Dr.ikensburg passes.
LONDON. Oct 17.— special dispatch
from Cape Town says that 3* Boers and
eighteen British have been killed in a bat
tle at Mafeking.
This dispatch, however, Is discredited
by the following bulletin Issued by the
"War Office to-night:
"No news of any Importance has been
received since yesterday's notice."
COLESBURG, Oct 17.— 1t is persistently
reported from widely different sources
that a largo force of Boers resolutely at
tacked Mafeking on Friday and after
several hours' fighting were repulsed with
heavy loss. ,
CAPE TOWN, Oct. 17. Communi
cation with Belmont station, sixty miles
Bouth of Kimberley, is still open. The fight
with the armored train from Kimberley.
in which the Boers lost more men than
they did at Majuba Hill, is held to prove
that their shooting is not so good as it
is reputed to be. It is the general be
lief he-re. from items of Intelligence re
ceived, that the Boers actually attacked
Mafeking and were repulsed. The re
ports of continued fighting there are re
garded a^ proving that the Boers failed
to score a success.
TERMARITZBURG. Natal, Oct. 17.
—Private advices received here show that
the Boers are proceeding with extreme
caution. They are trying to secure strat
egic defensive positions, but are afraid to
attack the English camps.
No definite intelligence has reached here
from Kimberley or Mafeking, but in offi
cial circles great confidence exists as to
the British forces gallantly holding their
own.
LADYSMITH. Natal. Oct. 17.— Boers are
quiet around Glencoe. The main body of
General Joubert's column was reported
last night to be near Dannhauser and
moving south slowly.
The Boers must have secured consider
able quantities of private stores of grain
and forage by the occupation of New
castle.
LOURENZO MARQUES, Oct. 17.-Ref
ugees who have arrived here from the
Transvaal report that the Boers have
been repulsed at Mafeking, sustaining
heavy losses.
THREE THOUSAND MOUNTED
BOERS NEAR LADYSMITH
LONDON. Oct. 17.-No further reliable
news from Mafeking has been received.
Dr. Leyds, the Plenipotentiary of the
Bouth African Government to European
Governments, is said to be going to Ber
lin shortly to confer with political per
sonages.
Advices from Durban announce that the
Consul of The Netherlands there has is
sued a warning to all subjects. The
Netherlands is to remain neutral.
The Hope town bridge over the Orange
River which Cape Town advices to-day
Bald had been blown up by the British,
Pictorial Map of the Western Frontier of the Transvaal in the Vicinity of Mafeking.
v. , o ,i»il^ th^Si^f * °J£ hB B ° er \ at °"°? hoo 8 ' Khutwana and other places east of the frontier, from which they raided Marigobo, Kraal Pan and
other H£ X Boer the rail road and how they have ,Sola , Colonel Baden-Powell's forces at Mafeking and cut them off from the - Rooigrond reservoir. The po
-B,ti°n tw nomfs Jre rfven fl™' o^^ SmaU Tr^ svaal ****• wh,le the British- flag "larks the only place held by the British. Distances to Pretoria, Cape Town
and other points are given in figures, with arrows showing the direction. ' -, •;•'.•■"*
The San Francisco Call.
l is not the railway bridge, as before re
ported, but a bridge twelve miles west of
; the railway over which the old coaching
road passes.
A special disptch from Pretoria says the
! Boers destroyed the Bechuanaland rail-
I way during Friday night from Lobatsl to
| Arvogelkop.
The Standard's Dundee correspondent, i
telegraphing Monday night, says: "The |
Boers have brought artillery from New
castle and are destroying the railway at
Ingagane in order to prevent the ap
proach of our armored train."
The correspondent of the Dally Mail at
Glencoe telegraphs that General Sir Wil
liam Symons says that there are only 3000
mounted men in the Boer columns Immed
diately north of Ladysmith, but that
there are large numbers of men on foot.
The horses of the Boers are in wretchedly
poor condition and the men look worn
out The Boers are robbing all natives
traversing the Transvaal.
The Cape Town correspondent of the
Daily News says that W. P. Schreiner,
the Cape Colony Premier, was only in
duced to sign the decree proclaiming mar
tial law in the northern parts of Cape
Colony after Sir Alfred Milner gave him
the option of signing or resigning. To
save Mr. Schreiner's face the proclama
tion so specifically mentioned the fact
that the colony had been Invaded by an
enemy.
HEAVY FIGHTING
NORTH OF MAFEKING
LONDON. Oct. 17.— special dispatch
from Pretoria, dated October 14, by way
of Delagoa Bay, says: A cyclist dispatch
was received from Ottosheep, near Mal
mani, at 6 o'clock asserting that heavy
fighting had been in progress all day long
north of Mafeking. The British troops
on board an armored train acted as a
covering force for the engineers engaged
in repairing the track. A Maxim on the
train kept up a continuous fire.
Conspicuous bravery was displayed on
both sides, but it soon became apparent
that the rifles of the burghers were in
effective against an armored train. The
latter, however, was once forced to re
treat before a particularly strong assault,
but it soon returned, accompanied by a
British mounted contingent, and the
fighting was renewed fiercely.
Fighting still continues, the Boers hold
ing their positions well. A dozen Boers
were killed or wounded, but the British
casualties cannot be ascertained.
Heavy firing can be heard south of
Mafeking, where General Cronje's com
mando is operating.
A corps of experienced continental en
gineers, former officers, has left Pretoria
for the southwestern borders, escorted by
a commando of picked Poet shot". % It 'Js
probably intended for large dynamite op
erations.
A big engagement Is expected shortly In
the vicinity of Ladysmith. The forces of
Commandant Piet Vys are encamped on a
mountain overlooking Dundee, from
which point they will be able to observe
the movements of the British troops.
AN ARMED TRAIN
STANDS OFF THE BOERS
KIMBERLEY. Oct. 17.— An armored
train, while reconnoiterlng near Spyts
fontein, engaged with Boers, killing five
SAN FRANCISCO,. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1899.
and wounding seven. The British had no
losses.
LONDON, Oct. 17.— skirmish near
Spytsfontein, says a special dispatch
from Cape Town, was quite lively. The
armored train with a detachment of
Lancashires approached unmolested until
within range and then the Boers opened
fire. The Maxims were strongly set to
work and did good execution among the
burghers. The latter also used artillery,
but ineffectively. The armored train re
turned to Kimberley unharmed.
The crew of the armored train say the
Boers fired thirteen shells,. but their aim
was wretched and not a single shot
struck the train, which then made bold
to approach nearer and opened fire with
the Maxims. The burghers replied with
heavy rifles, again shooting wildly. Only
three or four bullets struck the train.
Subsequently the crew learned that Aye
Boers and two Boer horses were killed
while several Boers and horses were
wounded. Not a member of the British
force was so much as touched
PRELIMINARY BATTLES
IN THE BOER ADVANCE
PRETORIA. Oct. 14 (Delayed in trans
missions-Heavy fighting took place this
morning north of Mafeking. An armored
train sent to repair the railroad line
opened fire on the Boer commando. One
burgher was killed and two were wound
ed. A second engagement followed, in
which nine British were wounded
Yesterday while General Cronje's troops
were near the broken railway bridge nine
miles north ° Mafeking an approaching
train loaded with dynamite was fired upon
and blown up. There were no casualties
on the Transvaal side.
Further dispatches received by the Gov
ernment say that the fighting continues
north of Mafeking. The British, after the
second engagement, retired in the direc
tion of the town, but the.v resumed the at
tack shortly afterward, two burghers be
ing killed and three wounded. The com
mando engaged was impeded owing to the
want of heavy artillery, which was sub
sequently obtained from General Cronje
COLESBURG, Cane Colony, Oct. 1L-
Passengers arriving from Johannesburg
are forced to leave the train north of Nor
vals Point and to make a detour through
the veldt, under escort, joining the train
farther south. This is understood to be
due to the fact that the Boers have under
mined the bridge.
LADYSMITH, Natal, Oct. 17.—
threatened assault upon Glencoe is be
lieved to be a feint in the hope of weaken
ing the garrison here and exposing the
towns to the westward.
The Boers arc resting, preparatory to
completing their encircling movement for
an .attack upon Dundee. i*hey cannot ad
vance much farther without coming Into
contact with British cavalry, who screen
the position. Nevertheless, the situation
is such that little fighting is expected in
the near future in this section apart from
desultory outpost skirmishes. All the
women and children have left Dundee.
CAPE TOWN, Oct. 17,— A special dis
patch from Mafeking says that all was
Intact there up to Saturday night. At
that time the Boer artillery was being
brought up, but It had not been placed in
position. According to these advices, the
British have blown up the Hope Town
Continued on Second Page.
SHAMROCK CRIPPLED AND
COLUMBIA HAS A "WALKOVER."
TOPMAST OF THE CUP CHALLENGER CARRIED AWAY.
After the Shamrock had crossed the starting line yesterday this accident caused her enormous club topsail, with its 3000 feet of canvas, to fall to the deck.
This catastrophe caused the Shamrocks captain to at once abandon the race. ,
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.— Another vic
tory for Columbia! Bat public in
terest will hardly survive another
triumph of the sort. It lapsed
with the fall of the challenger's
topmast, and though a part of the excur
sion fleet followed the Columbia in her
solitary ramble around the triangular
course there were few to grow enthus
iastic over a victory which accident had
rendered certain. . Nor was there any ap
plause for the Columbia when after that
mishap to the Shamrock the defender con
tinued upon her course. "Magnificent, but
it is not war," was a soldier's comment
on Balaklava. Mr. Iselin was plainly
within his rights when he rounded out
the run and claimed the victory, for Sir
Thomas Lipton is signatory to an agree
ment wherein It is stipulated that in case
of accident to either yacht the other
shall continue on her course and be cred
ited with a race should she finish. There
is a deep-seated instinct which protests
against the acceptance of victory through
the unsuspected weakness of a piece of
rigging worn by a rival craft. The hope
was freely expressed that the Columbia
would not claim and would not take he
rights. But when lt was seen that there
was no intent of relinquishing the ad
vantage gained there was a fervent hope,
and one freely and frequently expressed,
that the wind would die out and thus
prevent the winning of a race through
the mishap to a rival. -..*,;-
To every one who went out the disap
pointment: was keen. A fairer yachting
day could hardly be imagined. Moreover,
It was the sort of day that the Shamrock
people have been wishing for, a J fresh
wind blowing true and a lively sea run
ning before it. The race Itself over the
triangular course was another feature
which attracted many. All : previous ef
forts in this series have been fifteen miles
to the windward or leeward route, but the
course of to-day was to be over the tri
angular run, and in the fresh winds and
tumbling seas the contest promised to be
as thrilling as any ever witnessed in these
waters.
In pure gayety of spirit the excursion
ists cheered and shouted and waved
handkerchiefs and hats when the two
racers,; with boom and spar buckling to
the strain of swollen canvas, went storm
ing across the starting line. A more ani
mated yachting picture was never wit
nessed than that presented by these splen
did yachts dashing along the course, the
foam dancing in brilliant rainbows about
their weather bows, while to leeward the
water swept in glassy curves from the
clear knife-like stems. Under mainsail,
club topsails, jib, baby jib and staysails
the two j clipped it along, - both pointing
high and footing so fast that some of the
excursion boats had difficulty in keeping
pace. But all set out in pursuit of the
winged racers, and all were rejoicing in
the prospect of, a glorious struggle, when
hopes were dashed by the accident to the
Shamrock. She was then the focus for
all eyes, for to the many It seemed that
she. was outfooting the cup defender, and
it appeared also that she had reached out
far, enough to cross the Columbia's bow.
A number were expecting that she would
attempt that maneuver and were watch
ing | the challenger with intense interest,
when a cry of dismay arose. Bending to
the weight -of the club topsail the Sham
rock's topmast suddenly snapped and fell,
precipitating -the, sail's spar into a mass
of ■ wreckage, . which, suspended '■ by Its
■wire rigging, swung ?to and fro with the
movement of the yacht. V . - V
' The disabled cutter was promptly head
ed Into the wind, and efforts were quickly
made to secure the splintered mast and
bagging topsail before it had done any in
jury to the mainsail. The Erin, with Sir
Thomas Lipton on board, promptly stood
toward her crippled consort, at the same
time making signals to the Shamrock's
tender, the tugboat Lawrence. That ves
sel headed for the crippled yacht, and as
soon as the wreckage had been secured a
tow line was made fast and the two were
headed back to port. The Erin followed
and as the procession moved silently by
the excursion fleet opened up its whistles
and all the passengers cheered the unfor
tunate vessel and her plucky owner. The
Erin ranged near to the Shamrock, and
Sir Thomas Lipton spoke encouragingly
to Captain Hogarth, who seemed to feel
the accident very keenly.
To newspaper men Captain Hogarth
would not attempt any explanation. All
that he cared to say was that he was glad
the broken mast had not come down on
deck and that he was pleased no one was
injured. '.'^
Apparently afraid that she would meet
with a similar mishap, the skipper of the
Columbia immediately after the breaking
of the Shamrock's topmast ordered her
baby jib taken in.
-The Columbia, however, made a fine
race of it, plucklly holding on to her club
topsail throughout and setting her bal
loon jib in the final reach for home. Her
time was little short of marvelous. She
covered the course in 3 hours 37 minutes,
the beat ten miles to windward in 1 hour
39 minutes 11 seconds, the reach to the
second mark In 53 minutes 59 seconds, and
the last leg In I hour 3 minutes 50 seconds.
As she crossed the finish line she let go her
head sails and one of the Deer Isle sailors
treated the spectators to an exhibition of
daring as he climbed out over the peak
halliards eighty feet In the air to loose the
club topsail. i.;« ».*._ *c"\'".'-V
Mr. Iselin, when seen after the Colum
bia had run her race and reached her
moorings, said that he much regretted
the accident. Sir Thomas Upton de
clared emphatically that the Columbia
was entitled to the race, and that Mr.
Iselin had a perfect right to claim it. Tne
two defeats have not discouraged him,
however. He has another chance and he
hopes to make that one count. The
ShEhnrock . was towed to Erie Basin,
where necessary repairs will be made.
After the new topmast has been put in
place the vessel will be remeasured and
will be ready for the contest Thursday.
That is to be the old fifteen miles to
windward or leeward and back, and if the
Columbia wins the series will have been
completed without* giving the Shamrock
an opportunity 7 to test her merits In her
favorite* point of sailing over a triangular
course. ■7777 y'y
TECHNICAL STORY OF
THE ONE-SIDED RACE
Owing to the Injury to the Shamrock
the Next Contest Is Postponed
.One Day. ._
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.— Clear weather
and a fine whole sail breeze greeted the
skippers and : crews of. the racing yachts
when they turned to « this morning. An
early start was the order and both yachts
.were towing out past the j point of the
Hook at 9 o'clock. The Shamrock's main
sail was hoisted soon after, and at 9:20 she
, cast off her towline, broke out her Jib and.
- *.''."-< ■::'l7-.. : '. - :■ .* .: .
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
filled away to starboard at a point mid
way between Scotland and Sandy Hook
lightships. The Columbia continued In
tow until well up to the Sandy Hook
lightship, and at 9:25 o'clock her crew set
the mainsail in eight minutes. As soon as
the sail was up she cast off her towline
and set what appeared to be her No. 2
club topsail, not the largest one she has.
The club topsail which the Shamrock
began* to set at 9:40 o'clock was appar
ently her largest one, the same one which
was bent on Monday to aluminum spars.
To-day wooden ones were used. With a
freshening breeze from the eastward and
an ugly swell rolling in from the same
quarter, it seemed a rather risky pro
ceeding to swing such a large topsail
aloft. . Subsequent events proved that
with a smaller club topsail the Shamrock
might have finished the race. The same
persons were on board the Columbia and
Shamrock as on previous race days and
when the committee boat arrived and an
chored northeast of the lightship at 10:20
o'clock the yachts were ready for the
start.
The signals for a triangular course were
set at 10:30 o'clock and one of the com
mittee boats was at once sent to log off
the first ten-mile leg and place the first
mark. The Course for the first leg was
east by south, for the second southwest
half south and for the third leg north
northwest. The first ten miles was to
windward, the second ten miles a reach
with boom. to starboard and the third a
reach with boom to port, thirty miles in
all. r
At 10:45, when the preparatory signal was
given, the yachts were maneuvering for
position, while the torpedo-boats and the
revenue cutters were driving out a few
excursion boats and yachts away from
the starting line. At the warning sig
nal, given at 10:55, the breeze had In
creased perceptibly and there was prom
ise of a good start in a few minutes. The
skipper of each yacht saw to it that tho
main sheets were kept well aft, so that
he could quickly gybe or tack his boat.
At one minute before the starting gun
the Shamrock, which had been maneu
vering southeast of the lightship, stood
to the northwest, closing in toward it.
Her boom was to port and well in board.
Coming up from the northward, also with
boom to port and wind abeam, the Co
lumbia met the Shamrock just as Ho
garth was getting ready to luff his yacht
sharp around the lightship's stern.
The situation at the gunfire was almost
exactly the same as that between the De
fender and Valkyrie 111 as they ap
proached the line on the day when the
Valkyrie fouled the Defender. When the
Shamrock, a moment after gunfire round
ed the lightship's stern and luffed sharp
up on the wind, the Columbia having been
unable to gain the weather berth, had
now an overlap of half her length on the
lee side of the Shamrock and so close
were they that the Shamrock's main boom
as she luffed to her course came danger
ously near the Columbia's weather shrouds
and masthead runner. Both yachts were
close hauled on the starboard tack, cross
ing the line on a diagonal course.
- The Shamrock had certainly the better
of the start and Columbia was placed In a
position that few yachts would be able to
extricate themselves from without either
keeping broad off or fouling. It was with
intense interest, then, that those. on the
accompanying yachts and excursion boats
watched the outcome* of this battle royal
between the slngle-sticKers.
One minute had not passed before the
Columbia's bowsprit began to show out
ahead of the Shamrock's. At 11:02, when
the handicap gun was fired the Columbia
was half a length out from under the lee
of her rival, and thirty seconds later when
the Shamrock tacked to port to get clear
of the Columbia's backwind the latter
yacht, by ; tacking five seconds later,
placed herself in a commanding position
on the Shamrock's weatner quarter.
The official time of the start was: Sham
rock, 11:00:15; Columbia, 11:00:17.
The wind was east by south and fresh2
NEWS FLASHED ASHORE
BY WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY
NEW TORK, Oct. 17.— News of the Shamrock's misfortune ln losing her
topmast was flashed ashore by Signor Marconi within a few seconds
of the accident. While observers on shore endeavored in vain to peer
through the haze, and even those on the Mackay-Bennett cable
steamer, anchored four miles away, were in doubt as to what had
happened, watchers on the Grande Duchesse saw the challenger's spar
topple and fall. ' Before any attempt could be made to clear away the wreck
age a bulletin had been sent by wireless telegraphy to the Herald and The
Call .'.: 7\
As in Monday's race, and on days when attempts to race had been made,
Signor Marconi "led with Th.- news. Every feature was reported from the
time when the competing yachts began maneuvering for position at the
start to the solitary finish of the Columbia.* There were many -Wall street
operators on board, who Improved the opportunity to see a yacht race and
at the same time keep In touch with ths stock market.
On the way down the bay Signor Marconi tested his apparatus and
made the necessary adjustments. When the two yachts approached the
starting line their Jockeying for positions, the sails they carried and the
direction and force of the wind were reported. As the contestants crossed
the line nearly abeam the time of the tart was flashed ashore. When the
torpedo-boat Dupont fired a gun to compel the yacht Vamoose to obey an
order tv go outside the guard line Signor Marconi alone telegraphed the news
ashore. The fact that a boat was lowered and that the Vamoose was taken
In charge was also reported. This was one of the many incidents in a day's
working of wlreles* telegraphy.
According to watches held on the Grande Duchesse the accident to the
Shamrock' happened at 11:20. A minute 40 seconds later a bulletin was posted In
front of the Herald and The Call oflices. While the disabled topmast dangled
In the air threatening to punch in the Shamrock's mainsail, excursionists
crowde.l about the entrances to the room from which Signor Marconi was
sending his reports. Every ono was anxious that the outside world should
receive the earliest and most complete .-tory of the accident, and knew that
it must be sent from the Grande Duchesse. Among other news bulletins
received from the shore on the Grande Duchesse was one announcing the
report of an alleged battle at Mafeking, with the loss of three hundred
Uvea to the Boers and einhteon to the British.
Returning from Hampton Roads, the cruiser New York and the battleships
Massachusetts and Indiana reached this port to-day. The Indiana anchored
off Tompkinsville. The New York and Massachusetts cast anchor off Thirty
fifth street, in North River. It has been reported from official sources that
the New York and Massachusetts, as soon as Signor Marconi has finished
reporting the yacht races for the Herald and The Call, will be equipped by
him with wireless telegraphy. An exhaustive test of the system will then
be made by the Government by experiments off Sandy Hook.
ening by degrees as the yachts stood I
along on a northeast by Boteth course.
They were taking the easterly swells
rather hard at times, plunging their tow
sprits clear under and doubtless putting
t.i a severe test all the spars and rigging.
With half an eye any sailor could see
looking at the yachts end-on from astern
the Columbia was lying, say, from half to
three-quarters of a point higher than the
Shamrock, both apparently having their
sheets trimmed alike on this port tack, j
The fact that the Shamrock carried no
baby jlbtopsail ! was excellent evidence
that her captains were afraid that if set I
it would pull her head off more yet, bo |
it was kept down, while the Columbia's, j
setting perfectly on Its stay, must have
helped that yacht instead of retarding ]
her In the windward work. Fifteen min
utes after the start the Columbia's posi- j
tion was fully 2 1 " 1 yards dead to wind
ward of the Shamrock, the latter being
at that time slightly forward of the Co- |
lumbia's lee beam.
Captain Barr evidently meant to con- j
tinue on the port tack to Liverpool, If ,
necessary, until the Shamrock came j
about. That never happened, however,
for as the breeze freshened and both :
yachts began to put their lee rails down j
harder it seemed, looking at the Sham
rock's topmast from astern, as if It were
sprung. At 11:24, with a crash that could !
be heard far off to leeward, the Sham- .
rock's topmast broke at a point close to
the cap, and the great club topsail with
long spars went flying down to leeward
of the mainsail. Swinging the long tiller
across her stern to port. Captain Ho
garth Immediately put the Shamrock be
fore the wind, and, finding that do one
on board was hurt, he gybed her and all
hands began clearing away the wreckage.
The foresail was taken in first and men
were sent aloft to overhaul the club top
sails, sheets and and halyards and clear
away the topmast backstays and other
gear. It was some fifteen minutes be
fore they were able to get the club top
sail down On deck. It was found that the
direct cause of the accident was the part
ing of the foremast shroud in the "nip"—
that is, the portion of this steel wire, rope
resting in the spread which extends out
board from the hounds of the lower
mast. The strands of the wire easily
chafe and rust at that point, especially
when the shroud ls slacked by reason of
being to leeward.
That, ended the race so far as the Sham
rock 'was concerned.
The Columbia took In her baby Jib top- i
sail and continued on her course, tacking 1
to starboard at 11:25. for it had been spe- .
cially agreed a few days prior to the date
set for the first race that In the event of
an accident to either yacht the uninjured |
vessel was to complete the course. This j
agreement was signed by Mr. Iselin and |
Sir Thomas Upton. .It was a great pity, ;
of course, that such an accident should
have happened at such a time, .when
everything looked promising for a good |
triangular race. '-.*• I
At the time of the accident the Colum- \
bia was about an eighth of a mile to the
windward of the Shamrock.
The steam yacht Erin, with Sir Thomas
Lipton and party on board, followed the
Shamrock back to Sandy Hook while she
was towed by her tender. On her way in
the Erin was passed by the steam yacht
Oneida. Former Commodore F. C. Bene
dict was on the bridge. He hailed Sir
Thomas through the megaphone and said:
"I am very sorry to see the accident and
I am sorry that the race Is to be won in
that way. We should all be more pleased
to see the yachts sail it out."
. Sir Thomas thanked him and passed on
in his yacht. For thirty-eight minutes
and forty-five seconds the Columbia con
tinued on the starboard tack. She had '
taken in her Jib topsail soon after the ac- j
cident to the* Shamrock so as to relieve
,the topmast of any unnecessary strain. In |
twenty-two minutes she went about again i
to starboard and eleven minutes later she !
made her last tack for the first mark. In j
three and a half minutes she was up to '
the mark and keeping off. rounded lt. As i
she eased sheets to starboard a No. 2 Jib ;
topsail was broken out and the white
yacht began her ten-mile reach for the '
second mark. Her official time at the turn
was 12:39:28, showing that she had cov
ered the distance to windward, about
fourteen miles, In one hour, thirty-nine
minutes and eleven seconds.
The reach to the second mark was de
void of interest, for the Columbia simply i
sailed her course of southwest half south |
straight as a die. only chancing her fore I
staysail for a ballooner at 1:13. She con- '•
tinued to carry her Jib topsail until the '
second mark was nearly reached. The j
second mark was gybed around In 1:33:27, !
Her elapsed time for this leg was 63 mm- ;
utes 39 seconds, a little better than ten
miles an hour.
Setting the balloon Jib topsail a few
minutes after rounding this mark, the I
Columbia headed north, northwest for the i
home mark. On this last leg of ten miles !
the wind lightened considerably and the |
yacht's speed was not as good as on the j
previous leg. It took her 1 hour 3 mm- ;
utes 60 seconds to cover the distance
The wind hauled a little to the westward ]
as she approached the finish line, so the i
balloon lib topsail was taken in and the '
small Jib topsail set. At 2:37:17 the Co- !
lumbia crossed the finish line between i
the red lightship and the committee |
boat, a winner of the second race of the
international series. She was greeted by <
the usual steam whistle applause and was
soon after towed to her moorings in the
Horseshoe, back of Sandy Hook.
When the committee "boat arrived in
Sandy Hook Bay the regatta committee
found that the Shamrock had been towed
to Erie Basin, where she is to be fitted '
with a new topmast and rcmeasured The
committee at DC« paid a visit to Sir
Thomas Lipton and to Commodore Mor
gan, who was there with his steam yacht
Corsair, also to Mr. Iselin.
On the Columbia's deck a consultation
was held, which resulted In the decision
that the Shamrock should be allowed one
day to repair damages and that the next
race would he sailed on Thursday. it
will be fifteen miles to windward or lee
ward and return.
NO TIME LOST IN
BEGINNING REPAIRS
NEW YORK, Oct. After her mis
hap the Shamrock, was towed at once
to Erie Basin, first going to the Horse
shoe. On the way *ip she was passed by
a multitude of steam craft. The story
of her misfortune was evident to all as
the crowds lined the sides. One English
outward-bound steamer dipped her colors
in a mournful salute. >
Once ln the Erie Basin she was warped
Up to the end of a pier next to an army
transport. The crew set to work at once.
The wreckage had been cleared away be
fore the ship loft the course, That was
about all that could be done, for the big
topsail had been torn and the standing
rigging was all badly wrenched. The
tender Plymouth had the men for this
work, and she arrived about 5 p. m., with
Mr. Ratsey on board. No time was lost.
The sailraakers were set at their labors
at once on the upper deck of the Ply
mouth, while the riggers went aboard.
By moonlight the crippled yacht Sham
rock was repaired to-night in Erie Basin!
Brooklyn. At midnight the new topmast
was In place and a new gaff ready to be
set. The new topmast is fifty-six feet
long and twelve Inches in diameter at Its
base. The gaff is sixty-. feet long
and of the same diameter.
Prophetic Caricature.
LONDON, Oct. IS.— The Daily News, re
ferring In an editorial article this morn- ■
ing to the contest between the Shamrock |
and Columbia, says: "We are getting j
more racing than we want at New York
just now, Our correspondent says the ;
Columbia had the race well in' hand ]
when the accident to the Shamrock hap- !
pened, and that her captain proved a -
superior tactician. There was something :
prophetic In the Yankee caricature of '
poor JOhn Bull tolling in vain to lift the I
trophy from the ground." j
Decided by the Committee.
NEW YORK. Oct. 17.-An Informal
meeting of the regatta committee of the
New York Yacht Club was held to-night
and It was decided that the next race be- I
tween the Columbia and Shamrock should
occur Thursday. It was also decided that '■
the reme.asurement of the Shamrock I
should be done at the navy-yard at 7
o'clock to-morrow morning.
REPORTS OF BOER
REPULSES AT MAFEKING
Continued From Fim Pace.
Railway bridge over the Orange River,
with a view of checking the Boer advance
southward.
It Is expected that the Boers will cut
off Klmberley's water supply, but the De
Beers dam contains enough for a consid
erable period.
The Archbishop has Issued a pastoral
earnestly reminding the clergy and laity
that men of honor and Integrity equal to
their own espouse the opposite side, see
ing that warm friends and even families
are divided by this crisis.
In concluding, he says: "I beg you all to I
avoid rash talking and to endeavor to I
pave the. way to a durable peace and to ,
friendly relations, when, by God's mercy,
the war shall be a thing of the past." '
•
MEDIATION YET
OUT OF THE QUESTION
WASHINGTON.' Oct. 17.— Representa- '
tives of the South African republic are
again in Washington, apparently for the
purpose of renewing their attempt to in- i
duce the United States to mediate in the
Transvaal war. General James R. !
O'Belrne, accredited by President Kruger
as High Commissioner to this country, I
and Mr. J. G. Robin, both of New York, '
are in Washington, but they did not call
at the State Department to-day. Even
should General O'Belrne call upon Secre
tary he will not get' recognition as a rep
resentative of the Transvaal, as Acting
Secretary Hill's decision not to receive
him as an official representative of a for- ;
eign state because of his American citi- j
zenship, has been approved by the Presi- !
dent and Secretary of State. He may j
have an Informal conference with Sec- |
retary Hay Just as he had an Informal
conversation with Dr. Hill but the reply I
to his representations will undoubtedly i
be what ft was before— that the United :
States cannot consent to mediate unless !
Great Britain, as well as the Transvaal
should formally request It. It Is un- j
derstood that General O'Belrne has some
suggestions which he believes will re- :
ceive the approval of the administration i
when submitted. It is hardly necessary j
to add that President McKinley considers ;
war in South Africa too remote to war- !
rant interference, especially In view of I
the Injurious effect such interference j
would undoubtedly have upon the cordial i
relations now existing between the United |
States and Great Britain.
HOFMEYER THE MAN
WHO WAS MOBBED
CAPE TOWN, Oct 17.— The Transvaal
sympathizer who was mobbed at the rail
way station on Saturday turned out to
be no less a person thau Mr. nofmeyer,
who waS recently envoy of the Afrikan
der party to President Kruger. Ho and
two prominent Cape Town Bundmen j
were hooted and hustled and forced to
take refuge at a hotel. At a late hour [
I they were escorted home by the police.
A proclamation has Just been Issued es
tablishing martial law ln the districts of I
Mafeking, Vryburg. Taungs, Barkly,
West Kimberley and Herbert. Public at- i
tention is drawn to the penalty Incurred !
by communication with republics by giv- I
Ing maintenance, succor and support to
tho enemy. Nearly £3000 has been col- '•
lected on behalf of the refugee relief
fund. There ls certain to be . a severe j
j strain upon the resources of the commit- !
: tee. At present most of the men possess i
little means, and a month hence oven
I that little will be gone. The crowd In- '
i eludes notorious characters from Rand
, and the police are preparing to deal with '
I an epidemic of crime when their money
ls exhausted.
Ammunition for the Boers.
PORT SAID, Oct. 17.-The German
I steamer Kaiser,- from Hamburg, Is disem-
I barking at the entrance of the Suez canal
i 4000 pieces of ammunition consigned to
i the Transvaal. This step Is taken in or-
I der to avoid seizure in the Red Sea by
j British cruisers. The ammunition will
! probably be re-embarked for Hamburg
i on board the steamer Herzog, which is
j shortly expected here.
The Kaiser was shadowed by the Brit
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1899.
ish second-class cruiser Thetis through
the Mediterranean. The Thetis passed
Into the canal this morning. It is report
ed that several German officers are on
board the Kaiser, bound for the Trans
vaal.
TORPEDO BOATS NOT WANTED.
LONDON, Oct. According to a dis
patch from Pretoria, the Transvaal Gov
ernment received an offer from a wealthy
European recently to supply a fleet of
completely equipped torpedo-boats for the
purpose of blowing up the British trans
ports on arriving in South African wa
ters. The offer was curtly rejected.
President Kruger refusing even to con
sider It. .7. V •;-. V' 7 - :-7 • •
The originator of the scheme, who had
been In Pretoria only twenty-four hours,
left immediately. ..^
- *
DRAFTS NOT DISHONORED.
, DONDON„Oct. 17.— Leyds, the Euro
pean representative of the Transvaal Gov
ernment, replying to-day from Versailles
to an Inquiry by the Associated Press as
to whether there was any truth in the re
port that the bonds Issued by him on the
Transvaal Government far war material
had been dishonored, telegraphed as fol
lows: "The statement that drafts for war
material have been dishonored is a pure
invention."
FOR ABUSING THE QUEEN.
LONDON. Oct. 17.— The Cork Constitu
tion says that a few evenings ago Dr.
Charles Tanner, Nationalist member of
Parliament for the Middle Division of
Cork, was abusing the Queen and the
British soldiers, whereupon one of the
Royal Engineers knocked him down,
promising to repeat the operation if Dr.
Tanner would rise. Dr. Tanner says tie
soldier hit him with a stone, thus caus
ing swelling and discoloration of his face.
BOERS SEIZE A TELEPHONE.
CAPE TOWN. Oct. 17.— The Boers seized
the telephone line at Modder River last
evening and attempted to speak with
Kimberley. hoping to learn the disposition
of the British forces there. The man
euver was discovered and frustrated.
o-
ALL RESERVES RESPOND
LONDON. Oct. To-day was the last
lay for the reserves to rejoin the colors,
md the latest reports from the principal
enters show that virtually all the re
<erves have resented themselves.
BRUTAL ARREST OF
AN AGED WIDOW
Mrs. Welsh Summarily
Sent to Jail.
__
Special Dispatch to T he Call.
SAN RAFAEL, bet. 17.— While on her
way home from church last Sunday
morning Mrs. Sarah Welsh, an aged
widow, was arrested on the street and
thrown into jail by Constables W. J. and
Frank Treanor because she had Incurred
their animosity by making the former's
children cease injuring her fence. Though
two respectable merchants came to the
old lady's rescue and furnished bail, the
so-called legal machinery was set in op
eration and a threat of Justice of the
Peace George Rodden so frightened the
poor old woman that she paid a fine and
went home crying bitterly at the dis
grace forced upon her.
This is the lirst case ln the history of
San Rafael where court was" held in the
rear room of a saloon, and so strong is
the indignation manifested that the affair
is the chief topic of conversation in every
public resort In town.
According to Mrs. Welsh's version, she
made Treanor's children get off her fence
on Saturday, and on Sunday, while on her
way home from church, was accosted by
W. .1 Treanor, who angered her by telling
her that she. would. have to remove the
trees In front of her property, with the
result that she called him a '•ruffian and
a "beggar." At this juncture Frank
Treanor grasped Mrs. Welsh by the arm,
with the statement that she was drunk,
and dragged her before Justice Rodden.
where a charge of disturbing the peace
was placed against her by W. J. Treanor.
She was then taken to the County Jail,
but two citizens, named James Kenney
and E. H. Conway, promptly balled hei
out.
On Monday evening Mrs. Welsh was
taken into a parlor in the rear of Frank
Walsh's saloon, and there met ■W. J.
Treanor and Judge Rodden. At Rodden'a
request, Mrs. Walsh told the aged de
fendant that it would cost her $2 50 for
every day she delayed the case. This
fact is admitted by Mrs. Walsh and has
excited most of the unfavorable comment,
as it was this threat that caused Mrs.
Welsh to pay a line of $5.
Treanor endeavors to excuse his action
on the score that the defendant called
him names. For Justice Hodden's act in
saying that it would cost Mrs. Welsh $2 s')
for every day the case was delayed no
excuse has been offered, but this occa
sions little surprise.
So strong is the feeling on account of
the unwarranted arrest and Intimidation
of Mrs. Welsh that it is probable the
affair will be drawn to the attention of
the Grand Jury. 1-7. Tl. Conway asserted
to-night that Mrs. Welsh was dragged
down a back street and thrown Into jail
before st complaint was entered or a war
rant Issued. The complaint was filed at
the bondsmen's request, so that ball could
be given. Mr. Kenney was so Indignant
that It required considerable persuasion
to induce him not to thrash the Treanors.
Both men who were eye-witnesses of
the affair pronounce It the greatest out
rage they ever witnessed.
FIREMEN'S LIFE CRUSHED
OUT BY FALLING WALLS
i Conflagration Destroys Several
Buildings in Knightstown, Ind.,
and Rages Unchecked.
KNIGHTSTOWN, Ind.. Oct. 18. 8 a. m.—
: A big fire Is raging here. Several build
ings have already been destroyed. One
| fireman was killed by falling walls and
several others are missing. The loss will
be $100,000.
The dead:
TRUMAN RHODES,
CHARLES SCUTTER,
FON DAVEY.
The men were members of the Volun
teer Fire Department and were fighting
the fire when the front wall of a three
story building fell outward.
They were caught by the falling bricks
and crushed to death, and It ta believed
I that at least two others met with the
; same fate. The Masonic Temple, the larg-
I est building In the city, was in the path j
' of the flames and was destroyed together
I with the buildings occupied by E. O. An
i derson, a dealer In household goods, Green
i Bros., saloon, and Davey Bros., dealers in
i notions. The fire Is supposed to have
j originated from an explosion of natural
gas. '
ELOPED WITH ANOTHER
MAN TO SAN FRANCISCO
NEW YORK. Oct. 17.— Theodore Bauer
of Brooklyn has made application to the
Supreme Court for' an absolute divorce
from his wife, Sophie Bauer. She aban
doned him, he alleges, on May 11 of. last
year, and he has succeeded in tracing her
to San Francisco: Service of summons in
his suit has been made by publication.
Gustave A. Bunge is named by Mr.
Bauer as the man who broke up his home,
and he Is said to be Mrs. Bauer's compan
ion now.
Bauer alleges that the acts of which he
complains were committed on the steam
ship Advance of the Panama Railway
Company during a voyage from New Yonit
to Colon, and at 96 South Park, San Fran
cisco.
Previous to leaving this city with
Bunge. it is alleged by Mr. Bauer, his
wife lived at 565 Third avenue and in Ken
slco, this State. Her cousin, who lives in
the last-named ■ place, gave information
that she had gone out of the State. '.The
Chief of Police of San Francisco was
communicated with and 'he wrote that
Mrs. Bauer was there and called herself
Mrs. Bunge. ■yy.'-,. ■ -.-■-■
To Cure La Grippe in Two Days
Take Laxative Bromo '- Quinine . Tablets. .- All
druggists refund the money If It falls to cure.
E. VV. Grove's signature Is un each box. Jsc.
DILLON DENOUNCES THE WAR
AS. UNJUST AND COWARDLY
LONDON, Oct. 17.— Parliament opened
to-day in extraordinary session to
consider the South ' African situa
tion. In the speech from* the
throne, her Majesty said:
My Lord, and Gentlemen: Within a very
brief period after the recent prorogation I am
compelled by events deeply affecting the Inter
ests of my empire to recur to your advice and
aid. The state of affairs in South Africa has
made it expedient that my Government should
be enabled to strengthen the military forcc-^of
this country bj calling out the reserve. I- Or
thin purpose the provisions of the law tender
it necessary that Parliament should be called
together. Except for the differences that have
been caused by the action of the South African
republic the condition of the world continues to
be peaceful. ?--;•.'■-...!« ...
Gentlemen of the House of Commons: Meas
ures will Ije laid before you for the purpose of
providing for the expenditure which has been
or may be caused by events In South Africa.
Estimates for, the ensuing year will be sub
mitted to you In due course.
My Lords and Gentlemen: There are many
subjects of domestic Interest to which your at- ;
tention will be Invited at a later season, when
the season of labors for a parliamentary session
has been reached. For the present I have In
vited your dance In order to ask you to
deal with an exceptional exigency; and I pray
that, in performing the duties which claim your,
attention, you may have the guidance and i
blessings of Almighty God.
Both houses assembled in the Chamber !
of Peers at _! o'clock, the Queen's speech I
being read by commission, immediately ;
after the reading the Speaker of the |
House of Commons, the Right Hon. Wil
liam Court Gulley, returned to the Cham
ber of Commons, the House taking a re- !
cess mull 4 o'clock.
Large crowds waited ln the precincts of t
St. Stephen's for the reassembling of i
Lords and Commoners and heartily wel- ;
corned the favorites, especially Joseph '
Chamberlain Secretary of State for the
Colonies. The Prince of Wales was loud- |
ly cheered while driving to the House of 1
Lords.
Within the House cordial receptions
marked the arrival of Mr. Balfour and \
the other members of the Government, .
The House listened impatiently to the I
usual protest by James Lowther against j
the alleged interference of peers in elec- '
lions, but Mr. Chamberlain's coming nut
everybody in good humor and was the I
signal for an immense outburst of ap- ;
plause. He entered carrying a big dis- !
patch box. Mr. Balfour gave notice of a :
motion to-morrow that no private busi- |
ness should be taken up during the au- j
tumn session. • . - - . |
The speaker then rend the Queen s
speech, shortly after which Sir Alexander |
Puller Acland Hood, Conservative mem
ber for West Somerset, rose to move the
address in reply. He wore the scarlet and
gold uniform of a captain of the Grena- |
diers. Sir Alexander Hood said the House |
had never met .under graver circum- |
stances, not only for South Africa but for j
the whole empire. Dwelling upon the
horrors of war, he declared that war
should not be undertaken except from
absolute necessity, but that in this case
all peaceable means having failed, war
had become necessary "to establish equal
rights for the white race in South Africa
and to remove the grievances of the Out
landers."
After reviewing the course of the nego
tiations between the British Government
and the Transvaal, he said that Presi
dent Kruger by his own act had removed
all chance of peace. After dwelling upon -
the splendid offers of assistance made by
the colonies and the "necessity of main- *
taining Great Britain's paramountcy," ho
animadverted upon the defiant language
of President Stern of the Orange Free
State, declaring that unless the question
of British supremacy was settled now
British rule In South Africa would go.
He asserted that the British Government
under exceptional provocation had shown
great patience and forbearance and that
Great Britain had now no option but to
repel attack.
Clement Royds, Conservative member ;
for Rochdale, seconded the address.
Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman, Liberal
leader in the House of Commons, who fol- ;
lowed Mr. yds, said Parliament had .
beep summoned to-glve its approval to the
early steps of war. Never had the house j
mi t" In circumstances more serious or j
amid conditions engaging ,to a greater de
gree the profound interest of the British I
people. The demands made by : the Gov
ernment of the South African' republic j
were such as to make it Impossible for the i
Government or any self-respecting coun
try ever to take them into consideration. i
"Actual hostilities have commenced," |
said Sir Henry, "and an active aggression
has been committed, which it is the plain ' !
duty of our Ministers, of Parliament and |
of the people to resist. There will be no
disposition on the part of this House to \
place any obstacle in the way of granting
such supplies and such powers ■to the
crown as may be necessary to secure the
rapid and effective prosecution of a war
commenced to vindicate our rights. The
campaign should be vigorously and \
promptly prosecuted, and nothing neces
sary for that purpose should be refused
by the House of Commons."
The leader of the opposition went on to :
congratulate the Government upon the !
choice made of officers to whom the main :
charge of the "expedition" had been
given. Never, he believed, had so capable
and experienced a staff been dispatched !
from the shores of England.
"Our natural position in South Africa," I
he declared, "has placed upon us the duty
of seeing any impediment to our own \
supremacy removed. On that we are all .
agreed. i have no. intention of entering
upon a minute or delicate criticism of!
the steps taken by the Government. The
time for that has not yet come, and it .
is proper to wait for further explanations. j
But 1 may say it does appear to me that \
the governments are engaged In a game
of bluff (cheers and Ministerialist cries of
"No. no"), which is not a very worthy '
one for a great country like this. The J
raising of the suzerainty question was
utterly unnecessary and did more than ''
anything else to remove all chance of sue- !
cess of the negotiations."
Mr. Balfour, who was received with i
loud cheering, expressed satisfaction at
the declaration of Sir Henry Campbell- I
Bannerman, with which, he said, be was I
himself in heary agreement. Mr. Balfour
complained that while Sir Henry Camp
bell-Bannerman insinuated that the war
was due to errors of the Government, he I
did not specify these errors. The Gov- I
ernment would like to have charges j
brought forward so that they could re- I
fute them. He repelled the allegation |
that the Government had goaded the l
South African republic Into war by flaunt- j
Ing Great Britain's suzerainty In their i
faces. The South African republic made
claims to being an Independent sovereign :
state, but these were Inconsistent with the
conventions of 1881 and 1884. Mr. Balfour
said ho could not understand Sir Henry
Campbell-Bannerman's declaration that
the Government had played a game of
bluff. ' ■7-7:y. -:",-•■.**
"Bluff," said the Government leader I
"means a person acting as though he 'held ;
cards he does not possess; but this coun- '
try holds tho cards and means to play i
them."
Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman, he
said, disapproved sending the troops to '
South Africa, an Irritating- menace to the
Boers. "But where would we not be but
for those troops? Not to have sent troops !
would have been to betray the country.
Mr. Balfour said further that he felt en- i
titled to say: "If war must come it has
seldom been entered Into by Great Britain
upon an issue which was more. clearly an :
issue of righteousness and liberty, and we
have undoubted proof that our self-gov- !
erning colonies beyond the seas are with -
us heart and soul."
John Dillon, Nationalist member of the I
East Division of Mayo, moved an amend- !
metn to the address as follows: ,
. "We humbly represent to her Majesty I
that the state of war now existing be
tween Great Britain and the South Afri- I
can Republic has been caused by the as- ;
sertion of claims which interfere with the I
Internal government of the republic, in di- I
rect violation of the terms of the conven
tion of ISS4, and by massing large bodies
of British troops on the frontier of the '
republic. We humbly submit that before I
more bloodshed takes place' a proposal be i
made In the spirit of the recent confer- j
ence at The Hague with a view, of finding I
in independent arbitration a settlement
of the differences between the two govern- I
ments, and ln order that an Ignominious !
war be thus avoided between the over- j
whelming forces of her Majesty's empire I
and those of two small nations number- i
ing altogether lass than 200. souls."
; Mr. Dillon claimed that his amendment '
would appeal to an overwhelming major
ity of the. civilized world outside of Eng
land. He wan proud, -he' said, 7 that Ire- i
land was against ' this "unjust and ' cow- ;
ardly war." (Nationalist cheers.)
"It ls not a war," he continued,". for the '
freedom of the Outlanders, but a war i
against the yoke of Cecil Rhodes being
put" upon these poor people." (Cries' or "
"Oh.") . •
Mr. Dillon asserted that the Govern.
ment was breaking the convention be
cause gold had been discovered in the
Transvaal. '-,77 •
Henry Labouchere, Liberal member for
Northampton, seconded the amendment,
leclaring the war the absolute act of Mr.
Chamberlain..
"If there had been no Rhodes, 'or if
Lord Salisbury had been in the Colonial
Oflice," said Mr. Laboucherei "there
would have been no war. i There is too
much of the Stock Exchange about the
whole business."
Michael Davitt, member for South
Mayo, vigorously supported the ' amend
ment, declaring that outside of Jingo cir
cles and stock jobbing rings the whole
British empire cried shame. The result
of a war between a giant and a dwarf
would bring neither honor nor prestige to
British arms. :.,:...,.-: :.
William Redmond, Parnellite member
for the East Division of Claire, main
tained everything he had already said in
Ireland against the iniquity of the war.
It would be a sorry thing, lie declared, for
the dignity of the oath of allegiance If it
compelled those who took it to acquiesce
in every act ,of a jingo government.
Sir Ellis Ashmead Bartlett. Conserva
tive, representing the Ecclesall Division
of Sheffield, predicted that within five
fears after the struggle the Dutch popu
ation of the Cape, the Transvaal and the
Orange Free State would be perfectly
contented and happy.
After some sharp passages between
Colonel Edward J. Saunderson, who sits
for North Armagh in the Conservative in
terest, and the Irish members, a divi
sion was taken on Mr. Dillon's amend
ment, which was rejected by a vote of 722
to 64.
The minority consisted mainly of Irish
members and a few Radicals, including
Mr. Henry Labouchere, Mr. P. J. Stan
lope and Mr. E. H. Pickersgill and others.
The majority included the occupants of
the front opposition bench and the bulk
of the Liberals.
The House of Lords reassembled at 4
o'clock, the floor and galleries being
crowded. The Prince of Wales sat ami*
the cross benches and there were many
peeresses ln the galleries. The Marquis
of Granby, in moving the address of the
peers in reply to the Queen's speech, said
that the present situation had been
brought about by the deliberate action of
the Transvaal and Orange Free State
governments. Difficulties ' had been ac
cumulating for years. They were not the
creation of a day. He went on to dwell
upon the grievances of the Outlanders,
and emphatically declared that the Brit
ish Government has resorted to every pos
sible means of effecting a peaceful Issue
After criticising the action of the Trans
vaal executive council in sending the ul
timatum, the Marquis of Granby ob
served that it was not "impossible that
the union of the two states originated
in some deeper scheme which may have
lurked in the minds of the two govern
ments for some time.
"This scheme for a Joint movement."
he continued, "is not aided, I trust, by
Afrikanders in other parts of Sonth
Africa; but, if it exists, it is one that
would tend seriously to impair the power
of Great Britain. Unanimous feeling
here, however. is that the paramount
power in South Africa should be - Great
Britain." '-'- ; .-'.\7 7
Baron Barnard seconded the address.
The Earl of Kimberley, the Liberal
leader, said Parliament had been sum
moned at a solemn moment when Britons
found themselves engaged in a war which
was, in some of it» aspects, a civil war.
Of course. it was not civil war precisely,
but it was a war in which a number of
British subjects, not of the English race,
were deeply engaged.
Regarding the calling out of the re
serves and the voting of supplies, he con
tinued: "I can speak with no doubtful
voice. Whatever may be our opinions as
to the past history of this melancholy
business, we are as ready as the usual
supporters of the Government to give our
support to whatever measure may be nec
essary to vindicate the honor of* the em
pire and to protect its interests."
Lord Kimberley said the Government
could not have sent any other reply than
it did send to the extraordinary ulti
matum of the Transvaal. He warmly
praised the readiness of the reserves and
expressed entire confidence that the Brit
ish soldier would do his duty In South
Africa in the future as he had done every
where In the past.
"There are some points in the negotia
tions, however," observed his lordship,
"which I have not viewed with satisfac
tion. The .negotiations have not oeen con
ducted in a prudent and certainly not in
a successful manner. My own interpre
tation of the word 'suzerainty' is that
there are in the London convention cer
tain stipulations which limit British sov
ereignty in the Transvaal and to the ex
tent of these limitations there is con
structive suzerainty."
Lord Kimberley in closing criticized the
tone of Mr. Chamberlain's recent
speeches. ■■-.-_ -"..-•
The Premier, the Marquis of Salibury
replying to Lord Kimberley's criticisms of
the negotiations, said:
"The Boer Government was pleased to
dispense with any negotiations on our
part respecting the causes or justifica
tion of the war. They have done what no
provocation on our part could have Jus
tified. 1 hey have done what the strong
est nation has never in its strength done
to any opponent it had challenged. They
issued a defiance so audacious that 'l
could scarcely depict it without using
words unsuited for this assembly, and by
so doing they liberated this country from
the necessity of explaining to the people
of England why we are at war. But for
this no one could have predicted that we
would ever be at war. There have been
very grave questions between us, but up
to the time of the ultimatum the modes
we suggested of settling them were suc
cessful and the spirit in which we were
met was encouraging. We lat#ly had
hoped that the future had in reserve for
us a better fate.
"But now all question of possible peace
all question of justifying the attitude we
had assumed and all question of point
ing out the errors and the grave op
pression of which the Transvaal Govern
ment has been, guilty— all the questions
have been wiped away in this one great
insult, which leaves us no other course
than tho one which has received the as
sent of the whole nation and which it Is
our desire to carry out. ■ ■
"It is a satisfactory feature of our
policy during these later days that on
questions involving the vital interest* and
honor of the country there are no distinc
tions of party."
His Lordship said be believed that a
desire to get rid of the word "suzerainty"
and the ! reality which It expressed had
been the controlling desire— the dream of
President Kruger"s life. It was for that
the President of the Transvaal had set up
the negotiations of 1534, and In order to
get that hateful word out of the conven
tion he, had made considerable sacrifices
Mr. Kruger -has used oppression of the
Outlanders as a screw to obtain a con
cession on the subject' of suzerainty
"I quite agree," he remarked, "that the
word suzerainty Is not necessary for Great
Britain's present purpose. Situated __.%
Great Britain Is In South Africa toward
the Transvaal and Outlanders. she ha*
a duty to fulfill which has nothing to do
with any convention or any question of
suzerainty. This word, however, being
put into the treaty, obtained an artificial
value and meaning which has prevented
Great Britain entirely abandoning It If
Great Britain dropped It she would be In
timating that she also repudiated and
abandoned the Ideas attached to It. It
was largely due to the character of Mr
Kruger and to the Ideas pursued by him
that we have been led step by step to the
present moment, when we are compelled
to decide whether the future of South
Africa will be a growing Dutch suprem-
It is a. pleasure to be shaved and take a. re
freshing bath at Valvo's shaving parlors. 528
Broadway: private entrance to baths. ' *
Proof of the budding
Is in the Eating/
It is not what we say, but what Hood 's
Sarsapariiia does, that tells ' the story.
Thousands of people give the . proof by
telling of remarkable cures by Hood's Sar-
sapariiia of Scrofula, Salt Rheum, Dys-
pepsia, : Catarrh, Rheumatism, and all
other blood diseases and debility.
*acy or. a safe, perfectly established su
premacy of the English people." (Cheers.)
•The Premier concluded by dealing brietty
with the Government's future policy in
South Africa, declaring that, while there
must be ho doubt as to the paramountry
of the sovereign power of Great Britain,
there must also be no doubt that the
white races in South Africa would be put
upon an equality and due precautions
taken for the "philanthropic, friendly and
improving .treatment of those countless
indigenous races of whose destiny I fear
we have hitherto, been too forgetful.
"Those thinigs must be Insisted upon in
the future," exclaimed Lord Salisbury.
"By what means they are. to be obtained
I do not know. I hope they may be con
sistent with a -very large amount-** au
tonomy on the part of a race which values
its Individual share in government as
much as the Dutch people do. But with
that Question we are not concerned now.
We have only to make It clear that the
great objects essential to the power of
England In South Africa, to the good gov
ernment of South Africa and to the rights
of all the races concerned, are the objects
of the British Government; objects,
which, with the full support of the na
tion and without distinction of party the
Government are now pursuing and which
they will pursue and persevere in to the
end." (Cheers.) .
After several less important speeches,
the House of Lords agreed to the address
and adjourned.
INDIANS DEMAND. THAT
SOLDIERS BE PUNISHED
Promise That if This Is Done There
Will Be no Further
Trouble.
GLOBE, Ariz., Oct. 17.— Information re
garding the disturbance between negro
soldiers and Indians at the San Carlos
agency Indicates that the trouble Is far
from being ended.
The Indians demand the punishment of
the soldiers who participated in the as
sault, agreeing that If the culprits are
arrested and punishment meted out to
them the Incident will be closed, other
wise they will take the matter into their
own hands and they threaten to extermin
ate the soldiers. ■ 7 -■-
There are probably 1000 adult male In
dians at the agency, all armed, and the
consequences of an outbreak are viewed
with much apprehension. Thirteen sol
diers. implicated In the assault upon the
Indians, have been arrested, and will
probably be held for trial in the United
States court. An Indian policeman, who
was seriously. injured by the soldiers, is
not expected to live and his death might
greatly complicate matters. The agent
and the commanding officers are doing
their utmost to quell the disturbance and
bring the culprits to Justice.
•
CHATHAMS WILL GET
PART OF MILLS ESTATE
REDWOOD CITY, Oct. 17.— The contest
in the Superior Court over the estate of
Robert Mills ended to-day in a victory
for the plaintiffs, Robert and Maria Chat
ham. . ■■'.■y7
The jury* after being out half an hour
brought In a verdict that plaintiffs were
the children of the deceased capitalist,
and that he so publicly acknowledged and
treated them. The verdict was unani
mous. The estate of Mills was appraised
at $300,000, two-thirds of which will go to
the Plaintiffs if the verdict of to-day
stands.
• ♦
Dam Abandoned.
ANGELS ! CAMP. Oct. 17.— big dam
under construction at. the Melones mine
at Robinson ferry will . be abandoned
until' the .'Winter - season is. over. The
storm-last week ' raised -the- water. In the
river to sucti a degree-that, it was neces
sary to break- the wingdam ■to rescue the
pumps and , other machinetV from de
struction: ■ About 187 men- were' discharged.
The company has put- -.about- $25.-000 into
the project. . .7* - -' ." rr- .*..■•.-■.-• :
William H. Appleton Dying.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.— William H. Ap
pleton. head of the publishing house of
D. Appleton & Co., is dying at his coun
try home In Rlverdale, ■N. Y. He ls 86
years of age.
| A GENUINE
(BLESSING TO THE
■ " '•/jg---'Djfr
mm peptic
h!&£it*s®l&w or to the
*'%?**__&£*? -r person who
Sw^^MJ / • suffers with
"— .-;®# 6 ! Indigestion
5„ >_i . v S**i.V^ _- I or Catarrh
1 -^7 /}*&&'■■ 1 oftheStom-
/>- .A* Ji&Py-*-^ ' ach; is' that
W- y£^wiß&*^\ great ' and
WfLSrjlt^^W fe^^v^) ? oO<l . rf>rne ~
i&i^vldfeSfc Ski y^nd why?
v mmf Q> '. Oy* I X->SS* ' Because
WW? 9/lnte' V*^ ' Hudyan
BLHf.J *«: if strengthens,
jmWA'Yfi^^S I ; tones and
IBS' »•— *"/i"v?f Xr-*./ restores the
W^fcSSp-Si^ f stomach to
TX^«233Sviib^." "' ltS hormal
Cto^M-^SST^iX condition.
'^A*^" a \ \ / and thus
( MR m \ \ S the dip-'st-
ml" **© » \ Jvc and as-
fl'i ' « \ simila tive
processes go
; on uninter-
.->*•' 77 7 -7:. i rupted.
Hudyan produces a healthful appetite
relieves all those distressful conditions
I that are due to Indigestion. For instance
I headaches, fig. 7; sunken eyes, fig. 6* pale
jor sallow complexion, fig. 5; pains in
i stomach or bloating, fig. 4; palpitation of
heart, fig 3; a feeling of fullness in chest,
1 fig. 2, and backache, fig. l-all these may
be due to indigestion. Hudyan corrects
one and all these symptoms. "
. Hudyan cures costiveness and nervous-
ness as well and they are in many In-
-1 stances due to disturbed digestion •
Hudyan restores energy, strength, rosy
j cheeks and a general glow of health "
If you take Hudyan you may eat what
you wish and as much as you wish; you
will experience no discomfort. • Hudvan
»X KlaDda that provide " the
Hudyan— all drugglats-fiOc a packatre
six packages «». h yo u r druggist does
Rn.FfTv it rn Send dh o CCt to' ffIJDYAN
RJ..AILDI CO., cor. Stockton Kills and
Market _ts., San FrencScS; Cal.
YOU MAY CONSULT HUDYAN DOC-
TORS FREE OF CHARGE. CALL OR WRITE.
■ ■jid&B&\ Br. RL. Walsh,
l^^^_^_____n__K m * OEARY ST.. bet
7 Hyde and Larkin. '
CC/^WJv Painless Extraction..
Wl^_>W>m^f,jllfa^ Hyde and Larkin.
-*?^zyg^S] Painless Extraction..
(Tt - z O !SS ¥ X"' •• ROo
Vifif - «-tf >tJ=W Crowns .'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'._f_i.mi
' • ! - vSJk*-^ -^ Flesh-colored Plates.
#- — V^ls-A— ~T „. ..............555.00
Continuous Gum Plates (no bad Joints) our
specialty. Hava received TEN first prlae 3 for
j this branch of dentistry. No students. M
j years' experience.
" ~" '
RRTTQHI7Q FOR barbers, bak-
MJAX U OJJJLiuO *™. bootblacks, bath.
houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinder*, candy-makers, earners]
: dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries. paper,
dangers, printers, painters, shoe factories.
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, oto.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
■^g%,DEWEy t STRONG &Co.J%?*__±
ff^- K 'K<^_ji_iWTVi" ■■iija,.u,i -i hh^t^M^
(E .^TE^TS^ 3
\fe^3TOMARftFT -ST. SF
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
j strength to sexual organs. Depot, 323 Market.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
EMM
Opening of
New
Fall and Winter
Underwear, |
Shirts, Gloves,
Hosiery,
Neckwear, Etc.
Reliable Goods.
Popular Prices.
748=750 Market St.
242 Montgomery St.
I Will Give $1000
If I fail to cure any
J__K-Vsp^'"-'' CANCER or tumor l
_w2_\\W VJ§£S*£---~ .»I'** J treat fore it scat-
IwfiP ters or affects the
's^ **3*&7 \sßm ■ r, ' >s or other
«§* itSS^ iSS No Pain !
I^7 JJ^ \: . i|| No Pay
/in. ; x "0 I ' Until Cured.
\ JiW^r*BfiaS^!K /ence. looocancers
V '-^"77? Jj now in my offices in
V /j alcohol. I.ady attend-
._«<<> tttt^ J ant. Any hard
„_£? "^«*^. ' _*f'7£^. lump anywhere
KS^^^^^S An y ,vm P ,n *
Woman's Breast is Cancer
If large always poisons the glands in armpit,
when cure is almost impossible.
BOOK SENT FREE
With symptoms addresses and testimonials of
thousands cured in California. Write them.
S. R. CHAMLEY, H. D., 25 Third St., S. F.
SEND THIS to some one WITH CANCER.
\ NOP!
Taxes Due Upon Assessments
Made by the State Board
of Equalization.
CONTROLLER'S DEPARTMENT.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 11, 1899.
In accorflance with the revisions of Section
3668 of the Political Code, notice ls hereby
given that I have received from the Stat*
; Board of Equalization the "Duplicate Record
of Assessments of Railways" and the "Dupli-
i cate Record of Apportionment of Railway As-
I sessments," containing the assessments upon
the property of each of the following named
; associations or corporations as rtxed by said
State Board of Equalization for the year 1899.
to-wlt:
California Pacific Railroad Company. Cen-
tral Pacific Railroad Company, Northern Cali-
f ornia Railroad Company, Northern Railway
| Company. South Pacific Coast Railroad Com-
pany. Southern Pacific Railroad Company,
| Southern California Motor . Road Company,
! San Francisco and • North Pacific Railway
j Company. Southern California Railway Com-
pany, Santa Fe Pacific Railroad Company.
| North Pacific Ccast Railroad Company. San
Francisco and San Joaquin' Valley Railway
' Company, Nevada County Narrow-Gauge Rail-
' road Company, Carson and Colorado Railroad
: Company, Nevada-Caltfornla-Oregon Railway
Company, Pajaro Valley Consolidated Railroad
Company, Paclflc Coast Railway Company.
; Alameda and San Joaquin Railroad Company,
; Gualala River Railroad Company, California
and Nevada Railroad Company, Sierra Railway
i Company cf California, Sierra Valley Railway
l Company. San Francisco an.l San Mateo Elec-
tric Railway Company, Randsburg Railway
Company, and Pullman Palace Car Company.
The State and county taxes on all personal
| property and one-half of the State and county
i taxes on all real property are now due. and
payable and will be delinquent on the last
Monday in November next, at 6 o'clock p. m.,
and unless paid to the State Treasurer, at the-
Capitol, prior thereto, 5 per cent will be added
| to the amount thereof, and unless so paid on
: or before the last Monday in April next, at
6 o'clock p. m.. an additional 5 per cent will
I be added to the amount thereof.
The remaining one-half of State and county
i taxes on all real property will be • due and
i payable after the first Monday in January
I next, and will be delinquent on the last, Mon-
i day in April next, at 6 o'clock p. m.. and
unless paid to the State Treasurer, at the
Capitol, prior thereto. 5 per cent will be added
I to the amount thereof.
E. P. COLGAN. State Controller.
I — —
•*»«»«»»«»«»«»»•-♦■« »«■»»»*>
'■  The undoubted luxury and comfort, 
, unequaled cuisine, location and mod- ,
 c rate charges have made the ( ,
| ♦ PALACE
j GRAND J
II II
T
the most popular and fashionable ho- "
11 ttis In San Francisco. Operated jointly "
| '' under one management. Correspond- if
< ii ence solicited. Wl Ig •
JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK, +
* *v' 7.. Manager. ♦
lERCFS
-%&■ FAVORBTE
SCRIPTION
JU FOR WEAKWOMEM.
RaFliin
i £l_is«W? INJECTION.
!| A PERMANENT CURE 1
I ( of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea ?
i ' . and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6 s
1 I ' days ; no other treatment required. >
]» 7 Sold by all druggists, _f
W/. T. HESS,
NOTARY POriI.IC AND ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bldg.
'-„-*- Telephone rown 331.
Residence. 821 California st.. below Powell.
San Franclsco.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD & ~
CO. European plan. Rooms SOc to $160 day;
$5 to iS week; 1$ to $30 month. Free baths; hot "
and cold water every room; fire grates in every.
room; elevator runs all night. --..H.L.CURTIS M.D. — PRIZES
cX /p ESTERDAY was Grand Encamp-
YESTERDAY was Grand Fellows'
m< -nt day at the Odd Fellows'
|f building, for that body met in an
il nual session in Memorial Hall.
y There were in attendance Grand
Patriarch J. W. Harris and all the grand
officers and a full representation from the
ninety-five subordinate encampments in
the Jurisdiction. After organization the
Grand Encampment degree was conferred
upon seventy past chief patriarchs. There
were provided for those entitled to them
250 metal badges of beautiful design, but
that number was not sufficient to meet the
demands by all entitled to them and ad
ditional ones were ordered.
Reports were received from. Grand Pa
triarch James W. Harris, Grand Scribe
William H. Barnes, Grand Treasurer
George W. Lemont, Grand Representa
tives J. T. Doran and O. W. Erie wine;
committee on appeals— Arthur S. Ward,
H. F. G. Wulf and L. W. B. Downs; Grand
Trustees 11. S. Winn, F. A. Week and W.
S. Potter, and committee on by-laws —
John A. Vale, George T. Shaw, William
H. Barnes, W. T. Beck and li. F. Schllcht
ing. These give in detail the work of that
order during the year. -
The grand patriarch in his report says:
The year LS3JB and up to the middle of
March, IM>9, were serious oates in the
history of California. A dismal, dry
year closed, depressing every avenue
of life, and for almost three months of
the new year dark forebodings hovered
over the future; and, as a matter of
course, our term, ending December 31,
189 K. and ip to May. 1899, was anything
but encouraging and prosperous; but
as the report of the grand scribe
shows, despite these untoward sur
roundings, we made a net gain of
seven for 1898, and notwithstanding
the depression, suspensions, etc., of the
term ending June 30, 1899, the loss of .
said term is but the trifle of eighteen,
and since the beginning of the new
term, in July of this year, a renewed
and active Interest Is manifest in al
most every subordinate.
Especially gratifying is the status in
the city of San Franclsco, where every
encampment, without exception, has
been doing work, a state of affairs un
known here for years. in other sec
tions, as wiil be seen by the reports of
the deputies, marked energy is mani
fest, and It is not exaggerating to pre
dict a line increase for the present
term.
ring the year he officially visited
fhlrty-four encampments and paid a num
ber of fraternal visits unofficially, lie
pays a high compliment to Grand Scribe
Barnes and Grand Treasurer Lemont.
In the report of the committee on ap
peals there i.s a case which reverses the
decision of Santa Rosa Encampment,
whirl; refused to pay benefits to a mem
ber who had been admitted to the home
at Thermalito, on the ground that he is
a guest there. The committee adds that
the benefit- must be paid, not to the indi
vidual but to the trustees of the home.
This was approved.
Invitations were received from Fresno
and from Redding to hold the Grand En
campment of 1900 there. These will be
acted upon to-day.
During the day the grand body was
visited by Grand Patriarch Davis of the
State of Nevada, Grand Past Patriarch
Lothrop and Past Grand Patriarch, Past
Grand Master and Past Grand Represen
tative G. Henning, also of Nevada. The
last named delivered , an interesting ad
dress. t ,. ... f -
The election for officers will be held at
2 T oclock th s afternoon. Grand Patriarch
J. W Harris will be elected grand repre
sentative to the Sovereign Grand Lodge.
Joseph Fisier of San Dfego will become
grand patriarch. R. D. Gummoe.. grand
high priest. C. H. Weaver of Ala
meda grand senior warden. William H
Rarne:-- grand scribe. G. W. Lemont grand
treasurer H. S. Winn, F. A Week lnd
W. S. Potter grand trustees. There will
be a contest for grand Junior warden
between the following named candidates:
J. Ashland of Los Angeles. A C Bates
of San .Jose and W. E. Dubois 'of San
Franclsco. In the evening picked teams
exemplified the three degrees of the order
before the grand body.
Joseph Foster, grand high priest of the
Grand Encampment, who to-day will bo
IN COMMEMORATION
OF
FIFTY YEARS OF ODD FELLOWSHIP
E.W. SCMRADER — CARRIAGES
i elected grand patriarch, is a resident of
San Diego and proprietor of the Julian
stage line. He was born in Sacramento
in 1856, and in 1883 became a member of
San Diego Lodge by initiation and a mem
ber of Centennial Encampment the same
year. He has filled many offlces in the
Grand Encampment, and to-day will re
ceive the highest honors.
Yesterday morning the reception com
mittee. W. A. S. Nicholson chairman, and
the hotel committee. L. L. Remy chair
man, were at their posts in a room at the
ferry building to welcome the Incoming
Odd Fellows. The committees have been
I provided telephone Main 1760 to enable
: them to communicate with those who may
have business with them. They met about ;
4GO visitors from Reno and a large number :
who came not as delegates but as mdi- ,
viduals, and those who had not made pre
vious arrangements were directed to ho
tels and private boarding houses. All the
hotels have guests to their limit.
Among prominent members of the order
who presented themselves at headquarters
yesterday were Past Grand Patriarchs
Henning, Lothrop of Nevada, Grand Pa
i triarch Davis of Nevada, Grand Master
W. A. Bonygne of Los Angeles, Past ;
Grand Patriarch R. W< Hayes of Grass
Valley. Past Grand Patriarch J. Leonard j
of Merced, Past Grand Patriarch George
I F. Roesch of Stockton, Past Grand Pa
triarch of Nevada City. Past Grand Pa
triarch George W. Reid of Santa Cruz,
' Grand Representative J. G. Doran of Tu
lare, Grand Trustee John Glarsen of Grass
Valley, Grand Trustees C. O. Burton and
W. F. Nichols of San Francisco, Past
Grand Presidents of the Rebekah Assem
bly Mrs. Minerva Karsner of Oroville,
: Mrs. Marion Greenwood of Stockton, Mrs.
■ Fannie Benjamin of Los Angeles, Grand
President and Mrs. Helen M. Carpenter
of Ukiah.
A postoffice has been established at the
Pavilion, with F. E. Smith of Sargent
Lodge and Mrs. Alma Jensen of Templar
Rebekah Lodge as assistants to the offi
cer from the United States Postoffice.
To-day the Grand Encampment will hold
another session and will probably close to
enable all to take part In the festivities
in the Pavilion in the evening, when the
following programme will be carried out.
Golden Gate Park Band, under the leader
ship of Professor I. C. Coggln, will be in
attendance from 7 o'clock p. m. till mid
night, and prior to the formal exercises
! will render the following musical selec
tions: .7 ■';.
"Castaldo March" ....Novaeck
"La Vennolse" Karl
"The Iron King" St. Clair
"Grand March to the Sunset Land"
Albert 1: Sumner of Templar Lodge No. 17
"Margery" . Daniels
"On the Day When Dewey Comes Home"..
Lee Johnson
EXERCISES.
(Commencing at 8 o'clock.)
Overture, ' Orpheus- ' Offenbach
. , ■ i .;-. . Golden Gate Park Band.
Opening- remarks '.
...By Chairman of Committee, M. T. Moses
Invocation .•
..:... ..By Rev. R. R. Diile. Grand Chaplain
Part song. " 'Tis Thy Wedding Morning"
Cowen
Soprano*, Mi** -tattle D. wWtlnßton, Miss
Mabel C. Perkins, Mrs." Anson Hilton;'con
traltos, Miss Pearl Whlttlnpton. Miss Ethel
Perkins, Mrs. Addle S. McClunie; tenors
• H. Williams. C. M. Elliott. Dr. H. D.
Noble; bassos, D. B. Crane, L. A. Larsen.
Anson Hilton.
Address, "Odd Fellowship, Its Alms and At
tainments" ....- By W. A. Bonynße
Grand Master I. O. O. 'F. of California
Address, "San Francisco's Greeting". By Hon.
■ James D. Phelan. Mayor of San Francisco
Soprano solo, "Invano" Tost!
. . . . Miss Millie Flynn. .
Reading of an original poem by the author.
Robert H. Taylor. First Noble Grand of
California Lodge No/ 1. . '.--,
"Robin Hood" :.:....: De Koven
Golden Gate Park Band.
Address, "Odd Fellowship ln California. Its
Institution and Development"
...;.. "....By Hon. .Morris M. Estee, P. OR
Soprano solo, "A Dream" Bartlett
Miss Millie Flynn.
Address. "California Odd Fellowship, Now
and Henceforth"
......By Karl C. Brueck. P. G. M. and VV "r
Part son*. "49" Words
by Joaquin Miller, music by Leila France
Sopranos, Miss Mattie D. Whlttlngton, MlB3
Mabel C. Perkins. Mrs. Anson Hilton- con
traltos, Miss Pearl Whlttinßton. Miss Ethel
Perkins, Mrs. Addle S. Mc'Munle- tenors
H. Williams. C. . M. ' Elliott, Dr.' H. d'
. Noble; bassos,. D. B. Crane, ■L. A. Larsen'
Anson Hilton. " "
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1899.
Two of the Tableaux
of the Parade To-
Morrow Work of
Relief Board — Re
- ; -; y77_. -y
bekah at the Well
Benediction
By Rev. E. R. Dllle, Grand Chaplain
Musical director. Professor Martin Schultz.
From the conclusion of the exer
cises till midnight there will be a grand
instrumental concert, during which the
Golden Gate Park Band will render:
John moRTON— printing
W.H.BARNES— PRESS .
Overture, "Zanripa" Herold
Waltz. "Wizard of the Nile" Herbert
Selection, "II Trovatore" Verdi
Patrol, "The Blue and Gray" Dalbey
Menuet Paderewski
Medley of late popular songs with xylophone
solo Braham
Grand march, "Tannhauser" Wagner
Paraphrase, "Home, Sweet Home" Nhel
During the afternoon of yesterday the
Mechanics' Pavilion, which had been in
the hands of the decorators for several
days, was thrown open to the members
of the order for Inspection, and all were
loud in their praise of the beauty of the
interior. To-day it will be opened to all
who may wish to view the decorations.
The several districts, as announced tn
yesterday's issue of The Call, will take
JOSEPH FOSTER, GRAND HIGH
PRIEST, WHO WILL BE THE
NEXT GRAND PATRIARCH.
charge of their respective booths for the
purpose of entertaining the visiting
brothers and Sisters and also extend hos
pitality, to the members of the local
lodges. ;- • ■ ■ .-_,_
The ladies who belong to the Rebekah
branch have not been idle in the matter
of the Jubilee. Hundreds of them have
been working to the end that so far as
they are concerned no one shall have lt
to say that they have not done their
share toward the success of the celebra
tion. Some of the lodges of this branch
have-been busy during the past week in
the preparation of special features to
display in the parade to-morrow, notably
Oriental Lodge No. 90. which is preparing
a float, but what It is to be the ladies
decline to tell as they say that they do
not want any other lodge to copy them.
The members. of Drill Corps No. 2 have
been drilling every evening to be so per
fect as to attract the attention of all on
lookers and to win their commendation.
They have another motive In perfecting
themselves, in the drill, and that is the
carrying away of the first prize that will
be awarded at j the competitive drill in
the Pavilion to-morrow night. . One of
the prizes ls a pair of Ivory gavels mount
ed with 14-karat gold and having handles
made of historic wood from the Philip
pine Islands. It must be said to the credit
of the members of - this - corps that since
the organization last May no member has
missed a drill, with the exception of one
who - hau the misfortune to sustain an
injury to one . of her feet, which • forced
her to withdraw from .' the corps. '.
The Patriarchs Militant, the military
branch of. the order, will also make a fine
display, for there . will be a number of
cantons in line In their neat uniform, i
1 . .
' L.L.REMY
HOTELS
They, too, will compete for prizes in the
Pavilion, the first being a $400 trophy and
$100 in cash and the second $150 in cash.
The contestants will, probably be the
cantons from this city, San Jose, Sacra
mento and possibly from Stockton.
The general relief committee of San
Francisco, of which Hamilton H. Dob
bins is the president and which is a
branch of the order that extends assist
ance to those members of the order who
away from their lodges find themselves
In need of assistance, and to those mem
bers who have drawn in sick benefits the
i full amount allowed them during one
sickness by the lodge, and which also ex
tends aid to widows and orphans of de
| ceased members, will make a showing by
; a float in the parade. This committee has
i in the past three years expended in re
i lief about $16,000 a year and at the recent
session of the Sovereign Grand Lodge it
'• was announced that the San Francisco
relief committee leads all such commit
: tees in the United States in its work and
j amount of charity. This, however, does
i not detract from the good work on sim
-1 ilar lines done by the relief committees of
Sacramento, Stockton and San Jose. f ,V- J
The employment bureau will also have
a representation in the procession. This
is a body acting under the direction of
the general body in this city which has
for a duty the securing of employment
for all Odd Fellows who need such. It
ls a sub-division of the order which does
its work very quietly and does an Im
mense amount of good in the course of
a year.
I Among those who will be In the proces
! sion with other guests of the Odd Fellows'
I Home at Thermalito will be William
Quayle, who became an Odd Fellow In
I 1849 by joining Columbia Lodge No. 1 of
i New York. He was a sailmaker on board
the United States frigate Savannah, Com
modore Sloat's flagship, and was one of
the detail that on the 10th of July, 1846,
raised the American flag at Monterey
when Commodore Sloat took possession of
California in the name of the United
States.
To-morrow is the day fixed for the grand
parade, and the following is the official
programme as arranged by Grand Mar
shal Morris M. Estee, P. Q. M., and the
members of the parade committee:
Hon. M. M. Estee. Grand Marshal.
J. Harry Scott, Chief of Staff.
The procession will consist of an escort and
tec divisions composed of the following:
Platoon of Police.
Grand Marshal and Ch.ef of Staff.
Aids to Grand Marshal. *
General C. C. Sherman and Staff.
Cantons of Patriarchs Militant.
Rebekah Drill Corps of California
Rebekah Aids (24) In elegant riding costumes.
Rebekah Assembly Officers
Rebekah Lodges of California.
Grand Encampment Officers.
Grand Encampment of California.
Subordinate Encampments of California.
Governor of California and Staff.
Other State Officers.
Grand Officers of G. L., I. O. O. ■ F., of Cali
fornia.
Past Grand Masters I. O. O. F. of California.
Veteran Odd Fellows. •
Veteran Rebekah Association.
Mayor of San Francisco.
Other Municipal Officers of San Franctsco.
Aged Odd Fellows. From I. O. O. F. Home
Thermalito, Cal.
Trustees of I. O. O. F. Home
Orphans From I. O. O. F. Orphans Home.
Gllroy, Cal.
.Trustees of I. O. O. F. Orphans' Home.
Relief Committees, I. O. O. F.
Employment Bureau, I. O. 6. F. - ■ •" 7- 7'
Subordinate Lodges I. O. O. F. of California.
FLOATS.
"Orphans' Home."
"Relief Committee."
. "Rehekah at the Well."
"The Covenant Between Jonathan and David."
' "The Trial of Abraham's Faith."
"San Francisco's Welcome to. the Odd Fel
■ lows."
Floats of Rebekah lodges, encampments and
subordinate lodges and other special features.
The procession will move at 11' o'clock
| and the line of march will be along Mar
! ket, street to Montgomery, to Bush to
j Kearny, along Kearny to Market and
j thence to Van Ness avenue, where there
will ■be■ a- countermarch review and dis
| missal. .
| .For the evening of that day there will I
be in , the : Mechanics' Pavilion a military
dress parade by cantons of Patriarchs '
Militant; competitive - prize drill by can- 1
tons of Patriarchs Militant; first prize I
trophy valued at $400 and $100 In cash; sec- |
-.*■■■
ond prize, $150 in cash; exhibition and dis
play drill by cantons of Patriarchs Mili
tant, and prize exhibition and display
drill by Rebekah drill corps, $50 to each
drill corps making creditable exhibition.
Several of the local business houses have
decorated their places of business with
emblems of the Odd Fellows. One of these
was the Emporium, which had placed a
fine display over the main entrance, and
it was to have been illuminated by elec
tricity. Last evening while the lights
were being tested there was a leak and
the bunting caught fire, and In a very
short space of time the entire decoration
was a mass of ruins.
At 7 o'clock last night the electrical il
lumination at the Odd Fellows' building
was tested and the effect in red, white,
blue and gold was grand and effective.
The lights were allowed to burn but a
short time. The building will be illum
inated all to-night and to-morrow and Fri
day nights.
PATRIOTS TOGETHER
AT BANQUET ASSEMBLE
DISTINGUISHED MEN GATHER
BOUND THE MAHOGANY.
At tables arranged in the form of a long
horseshoe and beautifully decorated with
GRAND CHAPTER
EASTERN STAR
et., — jHE Grand Chapter of the Eastern
Star held its first session yesterday
afternoon in the Sherman-Clay
( 3 Hall. There were present all the
grand officers, whose names have
already been published in The Call, and
delegates from all the chapters of the
jurisdiction, which embraces California
and Nevada.
After the preliminary business of or
ganizing the grand body the time was
taken up In the reading of the annual re
ports of the worthy grand matron, Mrs.
Maria A. Pierce of Oakland, and of Dr.
Joseph Martin Laurance of Los Angeles,
the worthy grand patron.
The grand matron gave an account of
good result of the schools, of instruction
held in all parts of the jurisdiction during
the year. She recommends that the juris
diction be divided into ten districts, with
one grand instructor for each district,
and that the appointments be solely con
trolled by a standard of qualification;
that it shall be optional whether the
grand oflicers or a corps selected from
various chapters shall exemplify the work
for the Grand Chapter; that a commit
tee on ritualistic work shall be the au
thority on ritual; that the time for elect
ing officers for subordinate chapters be
changed so that such shall be held prior
to the meeting of the Grand Chapter, in
stead of so closely following it as at pres-
ent. ..-.-,'.'■ ■ .
The grand patron in his report says
that during the year there were insti
tuted nine chapters. He recommends
the alteration of the burdens of new
chapters; he recommends several changes
In the private work of the order and that
August 31 of each year he set apart by
the General Grand Chapter of the United
States as "our Natal day," it being the
anniversary of the birth of Robert Mor
ris the father and founder of the Order
of the Eastern Star. He suggests that
there should be built and maintained an
Eastern Star Home for the wives,
mothers, daughters and sisters of Master
Masons, where they may find a refuge.
The officers for the ensuing term will be
elected to-morrow afternoon and that
night Ivy Chapter will exemplify the
work in Masonic Temple before the Grand
Chapter. 77' -'<• " . ....
Last evening there was a very brilliant
assemblage of the members of the order
In the Sherman-Clay Hall, the occasion
being a reception tendered by the seven
local chapters to the grand officers. The
function was under the direction of the
following named, who constituted the
committee of arrangements: Mrs. Ada
R. Duncan (chairman), E. K. Head, Em
ma Ella Bradley, Dr. James M. Gassa
way, Mrs. Lydia A. Steele, Mrs. Frances
Bonnefield, ■*. M. J. Savage, Mrs. Anna
Johnson, Mrs. Carter, Andrew Christen
sen, Mrs. James A. Wilson. Mrs. Hickey,
M. Rohlmann, Mrs. McDonald, Mrs.
Bonales, Dr. A. Miles Taylor, Mrs. Olive
Schmidt, Miss McConskey, A. M. Blade,
Mrs. A. M. Blade and Mrs. F. M. Wood.
Dr. Gassaway was master of ceremo
nies, and he called for the overture from
"Zampa" by the orchestra, then followed
a grand march led by Dr. Gassaway,
patron, and Mrs. Lydia A. Steele, matron
of Ivy Chapter. After that the worthy
grand matron, Mrs. Maria A. Pierce, and
the worthy grand patron. Dr. Lawrence,
received the delegates and shook hands
with each.
May Frances Code favored with a con
tralto solo, "To All Eternity," rendering
it in a most charming voice; Mrs. Celina
Ciprio recited "The Dandy Fifth," by
Frank H. Gassaway, and for an encore
gave the "Pride of Battery B," by the
same writer. The programme concluded
with vocal selections by the Knicker
bocker quartet. . Then followed a pro
gramme of dances, Ernest K. Head being
the floor director. The four hundred ladies
and gentlemen i who composed the party
did not depart until midnight. '
fresh flowers and fragrant plants, about
forty guests sat down last evening to
partake of the good cheer provided for
the first annual banquet of the California
Commandery of the Society of American
Wars, which was held in the conservatory
of the Palace Hotel.
In the effort to make their initial din
ner a success those having the arrange
ments in charge gave the chef carte
blanche impressing on him the necessity
of doing his best,, regardless of the dam
age. - The consequence was that a menu
was provided which carried the guests
ln an epicurean ecstacy far on Into the
evening.
When the cigars had been lighted and
the black-coffee cups had been filled for
the second time Toastmaster Com
mander Henry Glass, U. S. N., arose and
after making a few introductory remarks
called upon the following gentlemen, who
arose in the order named, and spoke on
the following subjects: Prayer, Rev.
Arthur Crosby; "The Society of American
Wars," David Starr Jordan; "The Navy,"
Captain Caspar Frederick Goodrich; "Cal
ifornia," Hon. George C. Perkins; "The
Army," Major C. L. Tilden; "Building a
Navy," Irving M. Scott. In all of these
speeches and in the Impromptu ones that
followed there was not a sentence ut
tered that was not pregnant with wisdom
and bright with wit.
The dinner was a complete success and
so much did those present enjoy it that
the sun was only a little behind them
In rising.
Previous to the banquet a meeting was
held in the hotel, at which the following
officers were elected to serve during the
ensuing year: Commander, Captain
Henry Glass, U. S. N. ; recorder, A. J.
Edwards; vice commander, V. Snow;
second vice commander. C. P. Eells;
registrar, W. H. Anderson; historian, W.
A. Brewer; chancellor, Hon. R. C. Harris;
chaplain, Rt. Rev. W. H. Moreland;
surgeon. Colonel C. R. Greenleaf: treas
urer, H. G. Stevenson, and medical di
rector. A. Crosby. The following gentle
men were also chosen to compose a coun
cil: David Starr Jordan, K. C. Babcock,
Commander W. Rae. U. S. N. ; J. J. Val
entine. Irving M. Scott. W. T. Reid,
Benjamin Ide Wheeler, W. R. Dudley, F.
J. Symmes. George C. Perkins, D. Cleve
land and M. S. Wilson.
Cruelty to a Child.
Neighbors of Mrs. Augusta Haskins,
whose husband has a clothing store at
440 Bush street, complained to the Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children
that she was in the habit of taking her
stepdaughter Dora, aged 8 years, into the
yard and beating her unmercifully. She
was arrested yesterday afternoon by Offi
cers McMurray and Coleman and taken
to the City Prison, but was released on
$150 cash bail. The child was examined by
the matron at the prison, but beyond a
slight mark on her cheek and an injured
kneecap, nothing wrong was found. The
girl said her kneecap was Injured by a
fall. Several of the neighbors will be
asked to testify in Judge Mogan's court
to-day. : '
: How abejit an J
Ll overcoat ? \i :
ML>5 The necessity for one is apparent j 1
\ \r^\l these days with their chilly crisp morn- %
ings and windy afternoons. Rains, too, ."^
'"\j) \l will be here in earnest very soon now. '^
.^JSP^ A "Yeargood" overcoat is what you S
s \U J want, if you have an eye out "for „ J
v^ \ economy. V
(/ A While our prices are low consider- fa
3 Jl ing quality, we think a "Yeargood" H
overcoat is an excellent purchase be- }
cause of the protection we give you. s(
YjCl Let us hear from you to-day on the {
h)j£fcji overcoat question. • J
T% — \
k A_ Boys' Shirt Waists. 1
ir^3-^- We have a number of 25-cent shirt waists for boys
I(0 rf\ * rom 6to 12 years in a great variety of patterns which
I \\ if B ■"' we are selling for fl
L/^^J 15c each. A
Wm M%) S.M.WOOD g COM?) r
■If XSI/.7I8 : market N^y V
|iLc\ j> Out-of-town orders filled— write us. ''■ C '
IggW-^w y^jw<aM vA
ANNUAL SESSION
OF FORESTERS
FRESNO, Oct. 17.— The tenth annual
session of the California High
Court, Independent Order of For
esters, convened at Spinney Hall
this afternoon. High Chief Ranger
G. A. McElfresh of Los Angeles presided,
and all the other officers were present.
Over 400 delegates were in attendance.
Most of the afternoon was spent in or
ganizing the High Court. The reports of
the various officers were approved, in
cluding an address by the high chief
ranger. Mr. McElfresh reviewed the
progress made by the order during the
year. In speaking of the prosperity of
the order Mr. McElfresh stated that its
membership consisted of 150,000 young and
vigorous men, whose average age is un
der 38 years. It has a surplus fund
amounting to over $3,500,000 and an aver
age death rate of less than six to the
thousand. He stated that the order had
distributed over $7,000,000 among the
widows and orphans of deceased breth
ren. The speaker ascribed the falling off
of business which followed the readjust
ment of the rates of assessment to lack
of Information upon the part of the gen
eral membership as to the Importance and
necessltly of the readjustment and the
keen competition of sister societies that
have not yet seen the importance of re
adjusting their rates, and which by rea
son of their few years of experience in
the . fraternal Insurance field have
not been forced to do so by
the natural laws governing In the
premises. He thought the falling
off of new business only a temporary con
dition, because the change was in har
mony with the opinions of all the lead
ing and intelligent minds in fraternal in
surance. The order, explained the
.speaker, had suffered no loss in member
ship by reason of the readjustment. Other
features of Forestry were also discussed
by the chief ranger, and his address was
frequently interrupted by applause.
To-night a grand banquet was given at
Armory Hall in honor of the visiting For
esters by members of the local court.
To-morrow the High Court will be in
session all day. In the evening the high
officer delegates will be given a recep
tion at the Barton Opera-house by the
citizens of Fresno. On the day following
a suburban railway excursion will take
place, and they will be banqueted at the
Maltermoro winery. The number of dele
gates In attendance is 423. '•} : ; :
"I like these automobile delivery wag
ons." ,
"Why?" :;J-.; : ;.i.',
"They don't gnaw our shade trees."
34
POSSE AND
DESPERADOES
IN BATTLE
One Bandit Killed and An
other Wounded by Ari-
zona Officers.
BAND BEING PURSUED
Had Murdered an American and
Raided Ranches in the Pata-
gonia Mountains.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NOG ALES, Ariz., Oct. 17.— Word was
received yesterday at the Sheriffs office
from Harshaw, this county, that a party
of. bandits camped In . the Patagonia
Mountains had for some days been rob
bing and plundering frtrms and ranches
in the vicinity. A traveler who had been
apprehended by the robbers ■ came into
town and reported having seen fifty gal
lons of contraband mescal in the moun
tains near the camp of the bandits. A re
port was received 'yesterday that" an
American had been shot by the robbers.
The Sheriff organized a posse and left
last night, calculating to arrive at Har
shaw about daylight. This forenoon a
telegram from Flewelling brought the
news of a light ween the posse and
the bandits at daylight this morning One
of the bandits was killed and another
wounded. None of tlie posse was in
,inr< d.
The robbers took flight toward the in
ternational boundary line.
In response to a telegram another posse
was organized and left at noon to-day,
with the hope of Intercepting the robbers.
The horses of the' Flewelling posse grave
out and the men were consequently un
able to follow the trail. A posse will also
go out from Nogales, Sonora, to take the
trail if the robbers succeed in escaping
across the line.
CORPORATIONS FIGHT
FOR WATER RIGHTS
Case Involving the Water Rights of
Kern River Opened at
Bakersfield.
UCERSFIELD, Oct. 17.— The Kern
County Land Company and Miller & Lux
are In n great battle over the water sup
ply of Kern River. The fight began this
morning when the case of the Farmers'
Canal Company vs. J. R. Simmons et
al. went to trial. The land company's
force are behind the canal company and
the Miller & Lux people behind Simmons
et' al. The case involves the rights of
Panama Slough, which is the same as
the Farmers' Canal. E. J. Mc< 'uti
of -San Francisco and r.aul Bennett of
the local bar represent the land company
and Houghton & Houghton and Joseph
Campbell are for Miller & Lux. Judge
Lucien Shaw of Los Angeles is hearing
the case. It is estimated that the trial
will occupy the attention of the court
continuously for two months. An army
of witnesses has been summoned.
The Fanners' Canal Company organiz- i
ed in the early seventies and in conse- j
quence all the old-timers living that know ;
anything about the canal are gathered i
to testify. ' The water interests of the I
big concerns are so closely and critically
connected that it is predicted that the I
fight will involve the whole water rights
OI Kern River before it Is concluded, a j
repetition of the great contest of 1881, i
when the county was * shaken with a )
fervor of excitement by the two factions.
This time the people are looking on with
complacency, as they have nothing to
lose either way. Kern River is now !
owned, bottom and bank, by the two;
corporations, and if one. of them should)
own it no change would be felt from the
present condition. |
NEWARK CARRYING
COAL TO MANILA
VALLEJO, Oct 17.— The cruiser New
ark left the navy-yard at noon to-day.
It is reported that the vessel will steam
direct to Manila without stopping at any
intermediate pert, Her decks are loaded
with sacked coal. Captain McCaJla, In
command of the Newark, Is a hero of
many naval exploits In Cuban waters, and
is an Ideal naval officer of the Dundonald
stripe.
Entombed by an Explosion.
POTTSVILLE, Pa.. Oct. 17. -Shortly be
fore 11 o'clock to-day an explosion of
mine gas occurred at the Shenandoah
City colliery by which twenty-two men
were imbed. The' mine 'burned fiercely
and it was not until 3 o'clock this after
noon th.ii the entombed men were res
cued. Although several are seriously in
jured, no one has died yet. The fire has
been extinguished.
Dependable Drugs
We' Don't
t
Pay a
Commission
To doctors on prescription business.
Druggists vvho do, cannot compete
with us. They are compelled to add
to their own price the doctor's share.
Advertised prices are steady prices :
Sozodont , J 20c
Box Seidlitz Powders 25c
One dozen fresh, strong, ac-
tive powders.
Citrate of Magnesia 20c
• Pint bottle. Made fresh every
. day in our big laboratory.
Extract of Witch Hazel ioc
A four ounce bottle of purest
Witch Hazel. • :
Tincture of Arnica - ioc
Two ounce bottle; full
strength. " v -' "
Nelson's Foot Comfort 20c
A powder for aching feet.
Persons compelled to stand
• or walk much should use it.
fre_t delivery to railroad points within
too miles on orders of $5 or up.
Tjtm..' "28 MARKET ST.
*&£*£>>&' SAN FRANCISCO , .
10TH AND BROADWAY, OAKLAND
ANTI-EXPANSION CRUSADE
IS LAUNCHED AT CHICAGO
CHICAGO, Oct. 17— The opposition of
the anti-expansionists to the subjugation '
of the Filipinos took tangible form to
day in the meeting of about 160 delegates ,
from different parts of the country to
launch a crusade against the policy of the (
administration In the Philippines. The
meeting was called to order in Central
Music Hall by Temporary Chairman Ed- ,
win Burritt Smith of Chicago. Mr. Smith
spoke as follows:
It Is now some eighteen months since Mr. <
McKinley, with professions of reluctance, de
liberately, changed a simple naval position be
fore Manila Into a complex military situation <
on Asiatic soil. The army of occupation was
not sent to protect the naval force under Ad
miral Dewey. It was sent to support a dec- ,
laration that the Filipinos as well as the
Cubans are and of right ought to lie free and
j Independent, it was sent to defend a flag hoist
ed without right on a foreign soil. It was
sent to transform a war of libera
tion in th? Western Hemisphere Into a ,
war of conquest In Asia -in a word, to com
mence "a war of criminal aggression." -Men
recruited to tight for liberty in Cuba were sent
Ito fight against liberty, In the Philippines. Mr. I
I McKinley thus transformed a war of humanity [
in Cuba into a war Of inhumanity in the Kast. '
The administration seeks to complete the de- ;
Ptruction of self-government in the Philippines '
before the American people can pass Judgment '
upon Its course. It seems to be thought that *
i with the death by American hands of the first !
attempt at self-government In Asia all oppo- ?
sition here v.ill cease. J
This ls a huge mistake. Much as we abhor :
' the "war of crimlnr' aggression" in the Phil- '■ ;
ippines, greatly as we regret that the blood of r
i the Filipinos is on American hands, we more
deeply resent the betraj of American insti- (
tutions at home. The real firing line is not in
the suburbs of Manila. It Is here. The enemy
ls of our own household. Me comes to us ! ,
prating or* "loyalty" and uttering fine phrases ,
•j about benevolent assimilation, priceless prin- \
lj clple and hoisted Bags j °
This conference should make It known at l
j once to whom It may concern that we propose I
•next year to contribute to the defeat of any \.
party tim shall then stand for the forcible \
j subjugation of any people; that we shall op- ,
; pose the re-election of any, who. In the White
House or Congress, shall have betrayed Ameri- '
: can liberty in pursuit of empire. '■ r
The committee on organization of the
j conference was appointed as follows- p
i George G. Mercer, Philadelphia; Frank ll' ; p
j Scott, Chicago; Dana Estes, Boston- o
I Loafs R. Ehrich. Colorado Springs Colo' '
i and Paul . F. Coste, St. Louis. * "' r
j Owing to the Illness of his wife George l!
; H. Boutwell could not be present, but l
i a letter from him read as follows: - '
I There are several points on which the con-' t
; ferrnce may declare its opinions and announce ! I
! its policy with entire freedom and with much I r
! power. . . • •. 0
j 1. The President should be held responsible ' s
■ for the war in the Philippines and for the .-■,,.. ' ]
I rlfices of life and the expenditure of treasure i 1
j incurred in Its prosecution. j v
I 2. The conference, In the name of the anti- I
! imperialists of the country, should announce' t'
its purpose to pose hi.- re-election and Its ici
• further purpose to oppose the election of mem- j o
i bers of Congress who may sustain his policy. s
M'KINLEY'S PARTY
VISITS MICHIGAN
President Delivers Brief
Addresses.
•
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Oct. 17.— The train bearing
the Presidential party from the North
slipped into Chicago at 2:40 o'clock this
afternoon, was transferred to the Michi
gan Central tracks and left for Michigan
points almost immediately. As the train
passed through Lake Forest the golf links
were deserted and the players surrounded
the station, cheering lustily, A short stop
was made and President McKinley bowed
to the throng, but there was no speech
making.
When the train arrived at the North
western station here a guard of policemen
was stationed alongside the cars. There
was not a large gathering of people, as
few knew that tne President was to ar
rive. Most of the people who crowded
around the rear car containing the Presi
dent were passengers awaiting trains.
President McKinley did not appear and
no speeches were made. A few friends
entered the President's car and greeted i
him. *.'-< -.-.77- .-• ; ■ ,-
This evening the President delivered
brief addresses at Michigan City and
Three Oaks, Mich.
BRYAN'S SPEECH-MAKING.
Large Gathering Addressed in Chau-
tauqua Hall at Lexington.
STANFORD, Ky., Oct. 17.— The second
day of William J. Bryan's Kentucky
campaigning trip was spent in the cen
tral part of the State under unfavor
able weather conditions. The start was
made from Louisville this morning at
C ! o'clock. .'•
A heavy rainstorm prevailed and con
tinued throughout the day. Frankfort, the
capital city, was reached at 8 o'clock, and
as the guests of ex-Senator J. C. S. Black
burn the party had breakfast at the Capi
tol Hotel.
Despite the rain and the early hour a
very large crowd assembled in the opera
house to hear Mr. Bryan, who urged the
election of the regular Democratic State
ticket. The lengthy speech of the day was
that delivered at Lexington, In Chatauqua
Hall, before perhaps the largest gather
ing of enthusiastic followers met during
the day's trip.
A DEWEY CELEBRATION.
Preparations are underway to hold a
celebration on the evening of November 4
in honor of Admiral Dewey's return to the
United States. The committee having the
•affair In hand met last evening at *405
Montgomery street and held 'an interest
ing session. I. J. Truman' was elected
treasurer and the following gentlemen
were appointed on the finance committee:
Samuel Seymour, I. man, Dr. F. C.
Newton. Louis Proll - J. W. Grant, H. L.
McAllister, George Amorsen, W. H. Mc-
Naughton, J. Manesses, C. T. Horgen. Dr.
I. L Mansfield. E. M. Galvin. Frederick
B. Gee and S. B. Elliot.
An invitation will be extended to Hon.
Irving M. Scott to act as orator of the
evening at the literary exercises in the
Mechanics' Pavilion on the night of the
celebration. The sub-committee on pa
rade reported that it had arranged for
floats for the street parade, representing
"Dewey" and "Columbia." The chairman
also stated that invitations had been ex
tended a number of military organizations
to participate in the parade.
q A number of prominent women were
elected honorary members.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1899.
3. The conference may declare its Intention
to oppose the re-election of any member of
Congress who may sustain an appropriation of
men or money for the prosecution of the war.
On these points there should be no compromise,
no concessions.
At present we are not in co-operation with
any political party. . Let us reserve arid pre
serve our right of action and bur freedom of
action in the Presidential election of 1900. until
that contest has been organized, coupled with
the understanding that lt is our purpose to con
tribute to the defeat of any party that de
mands the subjugation of the Philippines.
Professor Albert 11. Tolman of the
Chicago University said:
Just one Important official message was' sent
o the Filipinos by this Government previous to
the outbreak of hostilities a; Manila. This
iv. is the proclamation of President McKinley,
la ted December 21, 1898, and made public in
:hls country on January 5, 1899.
There is one adjective that will describe
:his document fully and fairly. It is a
Spanish proclamation— such a one as the
Filipinos had many times listened to. There
s the same parade or benevolent purposes and
he same tyrannical substance. The natives
-ecognlzed the document as one. of the kind
o which they were accustomed.
Not only are the most un-American things
■ resent lit this proclamation, but the most im
«ortant things that have been stated are here
emitted. It has been well said that this docu
ment takes not the slightest notice of any
-lghts on the ) part of the people of these
slands except what we are graciously pleased
o grant them; lt contains no recognition of
:helr long struggle against Spain, their ardu
ous struggle for liberty, no recognition of
'.heir long sufferings under her rule, no ae
isr-cwledgment of their fitness for self-govern
ment, no expression of our desire or even of
•ur willingness that they should govern them-
elves. Mr. McKinley Simply promised the
Filipinos protection "in their personal and re
ligious rights" and a "full measure of Indi
vidual rights and liberties."
This proclamation was in reality a' declara
lon of -.!. made not by Congress, as the
•onetltutlon requires, but by the arbitrary* act
if the executive. It is Mr. McKinley's per
sonal declaration of war. Because of this per
WANTS CHURCH TO
BE INDEPENDENT
Address of Bishop More
land at Sacramento.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. Oct 17.-The twenty
first annual convocation of the Pro
testant Episcopal church of Northern
California opened at St. Paul's Church
in this city this morning. Bishop Wil
liam Hall Moreland officiated at holy
communion and afterward delivered an
address in which he reviewed the work
of the Episcopal church in his newly
formed diocese during the past year and
spoke of the plans for the future.
The Bishop refused the tender of tha
clergy and laity, made at the conference
held In this city a year ago, offering to
raise the sum of $1000 to aid the Bishop
in establishing himself here. The Bishop
stated his belief that the district was
not In a position to warrant such effort
in the course of his address the Bishop
said that his people must be taught that
"there is no more charity in paying pew
rents or monthly pledges than in pay
ing house rent or taxes or gas or gro
cery bills." Bishop Moreland submitted
for the i consideration of the conference a
pian by which the diocese might be
come Independent and self-supporting
by the year 1904, the Bishop remarking
"For twenty-live years Northern Cali
fornia has been a dependence upon the
bounty of the church. Within. that time
this district received from the board of
missions the sum of $82,500 for the /up
port of the Episcopal churches alone
and $37,500 additional for the building
up of its missionary work. '
"Self-respect compels us to consider how
soon we may bring this condition to an
end. Loyalty to the church demands that
we lay our plans to release the board as
soon as possible from this large expense.
Love- of our brethren constrains us to
take action in order that the loving, nur
turing care of our great church, so long
given to us, may be transferred to weaker
and less favored fields."
The remainder of_the session to-day was
consumed ln the consideration of routine
matters. ••j-.'-«v- "-' w
To-night a reception was tendered to
Bishop and Mrs. Moreland in the parlors
of the Golden Eagle Hotel, and it proved
a very attractive social event, several
hundred well-known Sacramentans, their
wives and daughters calling to pay their
respects to Bishop and Mrs. Moreland,
who are shortly to establish their home
here. Mrs. Moreland was assisted In rev
celvlng by Mesdames Theodore Denting
C. N. Post, Frank Gray. J. B." Cunning
ham, AY. H. Wright. W. D. Lawton, Jo
seph Talbot, M. J. Dillman, C. C. Bonte,
A. Ij. Smith, E. H. McKee and Leroy
Crane. . * .'
Lowe Collection Attached.
PASADENA, Oct. 717.— The management
of the Echo Mountain and Mount Lowe
Railroad had made arrangements to
place the celebrated Lowe collec
tion of curios on ■• the mountain
as an attraction to tourists. The
collection belonged to Mrs. T. S. C.
Lowe, wife of Professor Lowe, the noted
war aeronaut. Charles G. Emery, the
cigarette king, attached the collection for
rental due. Mrs. Lowe in a seperate
answer says she signed the note on which
suit is brought while under undue in
fluence on the part of her husband.
Reception to Funston.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct.. 17.—
General Funßton will -be tendered a re
ception next ' Friday evening : at Stanford
University by the resident members of
sonal declaration of war many brave American j
soldiers and brave Filipino patriots have died
and are dying. And . when shall we. see the I
end of William McKinley's war?
Hon. Whitelaw Reld, Senator Davis and Sen
ator Frye, three of the five commissioners who
made the treaty with Spain, have defended it
heartily on the ground of pecuniary and com
mercial advantages likely to result to the
United States from our possession of the Phil
ippines. The welfare of the Filipinos has not
occupied a prominent place In their thoughts.
Not destiny and duty, but dollars, put us into
the Philippines. And who will get the dollars?
Millionaires and syndicates will secure any
small gains which could just as easily be ob
tained without enforcing our sovereignty. Mil
lionaires and syndicates are virtually saying to
our common soldiers: „ -. - •
"You stop the bullets and we'll do the rest."
The proclamation issued at the beginning of
April by the American Commissioners to the
Philippines declared that hostilities had broken I
out because of the "pure alms and purposes of
the American Government and people" had
been "misinterpreted." if this means that the
Filipinos misunderstood the President's pre
vious public letter. I deny it. They understood
It; that was the trouble, and I challenge any
body to understand it differently.
J. Sterling Morton presided at the even
ing session and upon introducing Carl
Schurz, who delivered the address of the
evening, spoke as follows:
After 1500 years of Christianity, intellectual
growth and of a constantly improving civiliza
tion, in which the tender kindness and loving
teachings of the gentle Nazarene have been
thrown like light Into the uttermost parts of
the earth, we witness the most phenomenal
paradox In government which the race baa ever
experienced. The Government of Russia, a
government with the largest standing army in
the world,- declares for disarmament and 'pro
poses universal peace. But the great republic
of the United States, founded by Washington,
Franklin, Jefferson and their compatriots, de
clares for war, conquest, subjugation and an
nexation. Russia would be the peacemaker,
the United States the warmaker. In ail history
there is not another so striking and inexplic
able antithesis.
Mr. Schurz, In his speech, said:
I confidently trust that the American people
will prove themselves too clear-headed not to
appreciate the vital difference between the ex
pansion of the republic and Its free institu
tions over contiguous territory and kindred
populations, which we all gladly welcome if
accomplished peaceably and honorably— and
imperialism which reaches out for distant
lands to be ruled as subject provinces; too In
telligent not to perceive that our very first
step on the road of imperialism has been a be
trayal of the fundamental principles of de
mocracy followed by disaster and disgrace;
too enlightened not to understand that a mon
archy may do such things and still remain a
strong monarchy, while a democracy cannot
do them and still remain a democracy; too
wise not to detect the false pride or the
dangerous ambitions or the . selfish schemes
which so often hid* themselves under that de
ceptive cry of mock patriotism: "Our country,
right or wrong." They will not fail to recog
nize that our dignity, our free Institutions and
the peace and welfare of this and coming
generations of Americans will be secure only
as we Cling to the watchword of true patriot
ism: "Our country— right to be kept
right; when wrong to be put right." *.«*. r;
the Phi Delta Theta Fraternity, of which
he is a member from Kansas University.
The affair will take place at the residence
of President Jordan, because the fra
ternity's new chapter house is not yet
ready for occupancy. General Funston
will address the student body during the
afternoon of the same day.
Boom for Copperopolis.
COPPEROPOLIS, Oct. 17.-After a close
down of six years and two months, the
Union Copper Company started to pump
out the old Cnion copper shaft at 2
o'clock yesterday. The pumping of the
mine will probably require three months'
time. Last night the old residents of the
place fired cannons and giant, powder,
whistles were blown, the large bells at
the schoolhouse and church were rung
and a general jollification was held. The
opening of this property will give employ
ment to a great number of people and
means that Copperopolis will once again
be one of the foremost towns in the
county. .•iv*.
Oyster Shuckers Strike.
CHICAGO. Oct. 17.— A special from Nor
folk, Va.-, says: Two thousand negro oys
ter shuckers went on strike to-day. This
being the busiest sea/on of the year the
strike threatens to cripple the industry.
The shuckers say that all measures have
been enlarged and tuey demand more pay
or a reduction of the measures. The strike
will affect all parts of the country, as sev
eral famous brands are distributed from
here.
BjSls fS^S*^ ,7. '■ '^r?l%. vjwßy 'In protection of our wholesale trnde outside olf this city
Wkß /^J™ r _^S^SfL- ' " W we sHI at retail only to res dents otf San j^^H 1 I -
■ / __W///^^^=^lm '''■''■'■ : H WJS^^^nSilf^^S /*5 1^ — ord,nai *y stores can sell it at $18. Made to order it would prob- \
fH Ok A ill I Wholesale h^^^&Y_&> WWLS ■ At the 1/
A i Vlf Manuf ac- J _^_tYJ^ -^ Blue H\
Bfl Wr r""* tuners. .:';..■ • ~ ™^TV Signs a
N m" '■■'."■ 121-123.6arisome6l'.nr.Pine m
SAN ISIDRO
NOW TO DE
RECAPTURED
General Lawton's Division
Begins Its Movement to
the North.
BIG BATTLE LIKELY
— —
At Tarlao the Filipinos, Sixteen
Thousand Strong, Will Make
Their Stand.
♦
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899. by James Gor
"" don Bennett.
-.♦♦♦♦♦♦-. ••■-. •++-+ + ++ ♦
■^.-:7.y.y. . ■ . ..'yy{-., ♦
+ MANILA, Oct. 17.— Bell's regl- ♦
+.. ment, moving from a point north- ♦
,+' west of Bacolor this morning, -f
-f drove the enemy out of Porac. One -f
+ -American was killed and one ♦
-f wounded. The Filipinos lost a num- -f
+ ber of killed and wounded. The -f
+ .Americans captured two bullock +
-f carts "ammunition. +
I - ♦
+ + + 4. + + * + + + + + + + + + 4
ARATAT, via Manila, Oct. 17.— General
Lawton here begins his northern move
ment on the railroad around the right of
General MaeArthur's column. He will
have about 2000 effective lighting men,
consisting of the Twenty-fourth, two bat
talions of the Twenty-second, a company
of the Thirty-seventh, 200 friendly Maca
bebe scouts, 600 of the Fourth Cavalry,
mounted, and 100 dismounted.
It will be necessary to recapture San
Isidro, which we held last May, and to es
tablish a base of supplies. The Rio Grande
is being used as the supply line from
Calumpit, but the river is falling rapidly
and It is doubtful unless the rain comes
whether all the supplies can be forwarded
by water. Regrets are expressed at the
front that this movement was not made
during the heavy rainfall. At present
wagon and horse and mule transportation
is able to fulfill only a small portion of
the requisitions. The dropping of bOO
mules on the steamer Slam is a serious
loss now. ' - __
An escaped Spanish prisoner says *ill
pino officers are circulating the report
among their discouraged soldiers that un
less the Americans conquer them within
a month. President McKinley will give
them independence and withdraw the
American troops as well. _•
The insurgent position at Bambang,
four miles north of General MaeArthur's
position, Is strongly entrenched and a
great battle will be fought at Tarlac,
where It Is said 16,000 Insurgent troops
and much artillery are concentrated.
GENERAL CRITICISM
OF OTIS' METHODS
MANILA, Oct. 13 (via Hongkong, Oct.
; 17).— Recent military operations on Porac
! to the north and on San Francisco and
■ Malabon to the south, which were
planned in General Otis' office In Manila,
■■ contemplated only expeditions against the
' enemy and immediate withdrawal from
I these regions. These operations were
severely criticised by the military men
! generally, as the territory abandoned by
| the Americans was immediately reoccu
! pled by the insurgents. •
The futility of such maneuvers is dis-
I couraging. Soldiers and officers alike
| feel that their lives are being sacrificed
: without accomplishing results. Our losses
are heavy when compared with the ad
l vantages gained. Sound military men
say the territory must be held by garri
! soning the principal ports and interior
towns. .
! The blockaded ports are filled with im
mense quantities of hemp. Foreign buy
ers and shippers claim that the market
and the people are being ruined, and
peaceful people starved through the short
age in rice caused by the failure of the
Americans to occupy and control these
ports.
The medical department is outraged be
cause General Otis refuses to recognize
through its representations the dire need
of more medical officers, nurses and hos-
I pital room.
The first reserve hospital is in bad
! shape. Hundreds of sick are lying in dirty
I tents, though for months the extreme
| need of more room was impressed on the
' Governor General. The failure to erect
! or provide sufficient hospital room Is pos
■ sibly explained by General Otis' mental
i attitude, which causes him to say to
newspaper correspondents that 25 per cent
| of the men in the hospitals are maling
ering.
General Otis recently sent a line officer
i with no medical knowledge to Investigate
and report on the men sick in a certain
regiment, though the surgeons' official re
ports in hand showed an expert diagnosis
In each case.
Constant refusals to meet the quarter
masters' demands- may handicap future
moves very seriously. Many officers are
protecting themselves by going on record.
Dawes Talks on Trusts.
BOSTON, Oct. 17.— annual meeting
i of the Merchants' Club was held at the
, New Algonquin Club to-night. Charles
G. Dawes, Comptroller of the Currency,
spoke on "Trusts and Trade Combina
, tions." 7 • J
GERMANY MAY RETIRE
FROM SAMOAN GROUP
Colonial Council Favors Withdrawal, But
. . the Government Desires One
Island.
BERLIN, Oct.: 17.— Neuste Nachrlchten declares that the Colonial Q
Council has adopted a resolution declaring it compatible with German coio- ♦
nial interests to abandon Samoa in return for sufficient indemnification. !'
The National Zeitung, which confirms the statement of the Neuste Nach- f
rich ten, says: X
"This, however, is not the view of the Imperial Government, whose poi- $>
icy is directed now, as hitherto, to acquiring at least Upolu Island." ?
■4+^s+^<&*s>+^-*s>-*s>+4^^
PARDON GRANTED
TO EMILE ARTON
The Notorious Panama
Canal Swindler Free. ■
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Oct. 17.— The Exchange Tele
graph Company publishes a dispatch from
Paris saying that Emile Arton of Panama
canal notoriety, has been pardoned.
EMILE ARTON.
It seems only yesterday that all Europe
was first ringing the name of Arton. He
was the "missing link" of the chain of j
Panama rascality. He was the inter- j
mediary between Baron de Reinach and j
the incriminated Deputies; that is, be- |
tween the briber and bribed. He wrote
the checks. He had the checkbook on j
whose stubs was recorded damnation for i
a hundred and forty, more or less, emi
nent politicians. He alone possessed the
secrets of the whole foul business; he
alone, at any rate, after Reinach put
himself out of the way. He is described
by those who knew him as having been i
Just the man for the Panama business.
He had all the tact and cunning for j
success in his mission of bribery and cor- j
ruption. He was in the prime of life, |
active and energetic, with not an "atom I
of scruple.- Of gentlemanly and engaging !
manners, he spoke several languages,
which enabled him to move about in dif- j
ferent countries without suspicion. At |
one time or another he appeared in all |
the capitals of Europe. As assistant to |
Reinach he was invaluable, and the way j
in which he got into relations with mem- I
bers of both Chambers and "persuaded"
some of them to vote for the Panama lot
tery loan was most skillful. Armed with
his checkbook, he frequented the Palais
Bourbon, and got informed of everything
that was going on, whether before or be
hind the scenes. He knew everybody,
and everybody knew him, and he
scattered his bribes in all di
rections and without limit. He
also lived without limit to his luxuries.
He had a splendid mansion in Paris in
the Rue Rouget de l'lsle, and a villa at
Bougival, both of which were popular
resorts for members of the gay world.
A beautiful Austrian actress, once a
celebrity on the stage, was his most con
stant companion, though she was by
no means alone in enjoying his "protec
tion." He was the "boss" of the stock
exchange, and the backer and manager
of several theaters.
The crash came in 1892. On July 13 in \
that year a warrant for his arrest was j
issued. But when they sought to sc.-ve
it he was gone. He had been associated'
with a certain M. Gilbert Le Quay as j
director of the Societe Francaise de Dy- i
namite. M. Le Guay, who appears to j
have been an honest man, but of weak
character, 'allowed himself to fall under
the Influence of Arton to such an extent i
that the latter was enabled to appropri- \
ate to his own use as much as $740,000 of
the company's funds. Arton fled Just in
time to avoid arrest when the authorities
made a descent upon his lodgings in the |
Rue Rouget de l'lsle. But the unfortun
ate M. Le Guay, who is said to have been
. his dupe, was tried and . condemned, on
February 15, 1 93, to five years' imprison- j
ment and a fine of $600. Meanwhile the |
agents of the French police were, to all !
appearances, doing their best to track !
the fugitive, but in vain. Then came the
Panama scandal. Arton was, in his ab- I
sence, tried for his attempt to bribe a
Deputy, convicted and sentenced to five
years' imprisonment and $80,000 fine. He
was also sentenced to twenty years' im
prisonment and $600 fine for his rascality
in connection with the dynamite company.
When Arton fled from Paris he went
straight to London, and there he lived
openly while French detectives searched
the world over for him. Three years
elapsed before he was discovered. His ar
rest was effected by English and French
detectives.
MAYO BAND JOINS
THE YAQUI REBELS
Will Make Common
Cause Against Mexico.
♦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AUSTIN, Texas, Oct. 17.— A dispatch
from Ortiz, State of Sonora, Mexico, says
that a band of over 300 Mayo Indians have
joined the Yaqui rebels at their rendez
vous near Sahauripa. When the Taqui
uprising occurred a few months ago emis
saries were sent by the Yaqui chiefs to
the Mayo tribe to induce those Indians to
Join them in the war against the Mexican
Government.
The Mayo chiefs refused to take part
in the war, but the enthusiasm of^ the
younger braves could not be controlled
and many of them abandoned their pas
i toral pursuits and began dancing. These
I dances have continued without interrup
| tion ever since, and it is expected several
! hundred more Mayos in addition to the
! hundreds now at the Sahauripa camp will
soon join the Yaquis.
The Mayos and Yaquis have long oc
cupied adjacent territory and lived in har
mony with each other.
In the previous wars of the Yaquis
against the Mexican Government the
I Mayos refused to become their allies and
j the present action of the younger Mayo
braves is strongly disapproved: by the
older element of the peaceable tribe.
The Mayo tribe of Indians should not
1 be confounded with the Mayo Indians,
! the latter tribe being now at war with the
j Mexican Government in the State of Yu
catan, near ttie border of British Hon
| duras.
Llutenant Lacanne of the Mexican army
| passed through here to-day on his way
to New Orleans, where he will take
charge of the gunboat Montezuma, which
was recently purchased by the Mexican
Government. He will equip the boat with
•a crew of Americans and proceed with it
immediately to the Island of Cozumet, on
I the coast of Yucatan, where lt will join
the Mexican mosquito fleet in the cam
i paign now being waged against the re
j bellious Mayo Indians. Lieutenant La
| canne states the land forces nave already
I attacked the Indians. The Indians: are
! well armed and have been working for
several months building strong intrench-
I ments and defenses. It is reported that
\ they are receiving substantial aid from
| residents of British Honduras, and that
I some of their fortifications are manned
j with rapid-fire guns which were obtained
! by the rebels from that source.
WILL BUILD A RAILROAD.
Sacramento and San Joaquin Bailroad
Company Incorporated.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 17.— Articles for
the Incorporation of the Sacramento and
San Joaquin Valley Railroad were filed
with the County Clerk this morning.
It is intended that the main .line of the
railroad shall run from the city of Sacra
mento in a southerly direction along a line
extending through a territory bounded
westerly by the Sacraniento and San Joa
quin rivers and easterly by the Southern
Pacific Railroad to the city of Stockton,
with branches extending from Georgetown
and New Hope respectively to the Sacra
mento River. The estimated length of
, said road is sixty-five miles, including
, such branches as the business of said rail-
I road may require. The capital stock is
$500,000, divided into 500 shares. The capi-
tal actually subscribed is $65,000.
The stock is subscribed as follows: John
Cross, $16,150; Arthur G. Newton. $9750;
Aaron Gillen. $12,900; A. P. Cross, $19,900; J.
S. Hanford, $12,900; Arthur Thornton, $100;"
J. E. Loomis, $100; N. P. Conrey, $100;
i John A. Payne, $100. The same men are
I the directors, and John Cross has been
elected treasurer.
Missionary Convention.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 17. -This city haa
I been chosen as the place for holding a
convention in November looking to the
i establishment of a Christian missionary
| association embracing the greater portion
|of Northern California as a field. The
date set for calling the convention to
order is November 17. A number of .dif-
I ferent churches will be represented.MERCHANTS DO NOT WANT
CHIPMAN ON COMMISSION
Practical Knowledge of Traffic
Conditions Necessary,
Southern Pacific Attorney Gets No Comfort
From Merchants, Who Tell What
Sort of Man Is Required,
1
C— jp^llK afternoon organetto of the
Southern Pacific Company is "up
against it" in the matter of its
l}, absurd claim that opposition to the
appointment of a Southern Pacific
attorney to the vacancy on the Interstate
Commerce Commission is opposition to
California. Such an Idea may have been
received from the yellow "knockery"
without cracking a smile in the editorial
ciih where the writers fatten on South
ern Paeilie money. The hard fad dem
onstrated by interviews with the leading
merchants of California is that they will
not be enthusiastic if the President should
name for the position of Commissioner a
railroad lawyer. General Chipman is
not their choice. They want a business
man. a person of affairs and experience
in transportation matters; one ho
knows tho difference between a "differen
tial" and us application and a brake
beam. In a word, they want some one
who knows what they need, and what are
ihe business needs of the Pa. ifie Coast.
-A railroad attorney or a hack politician
does not fill the measure of their desires.
I If there is a merchant In the wholesale
district bounded by Mission, Clay, East
and Sansome streets v. in. is enthusiastic
in the advocacy of the appointment of
General Chipman for Interstate Com
merce Commissioner, .<. diligent search
failed to , reveal his occult hiding place.
On the other hand, there were scores of
merchants who had clean-cut ideas as to
what is necessary. It is unnecessary to
repeat the unpleasant things that were
said about the foolish attempt of the
Southern Pacific Company to foist its at
torney on the President of the I'nited
States as a Commissioner. Une typical
statement was this: "If the President
should appoint a railroad attorney to rep
resent the i'acilie < 'oast in the Interstate
Commission it would be enough against
h!m to hurt th.- chances of publican
success in California at the coming Presi
dential election. This is something that
President McKinley will be likely to heed
when he knows the facts."
The largest organization of merchants
west of the Mississippi is the Pacific
Coast Traffic Association; soon to be aug
mented by accessions of membership
from the States of Washington and Ore
gon, It is this association which, as a
whole; is making the movement to have a
Commissioner appointed who shall rep
resent truly the rests of the whole
const. Already 400 hob sale houses are
enrolled In its membership, the com- '
bined capital of which runs high in the j
ten of millions of dollars, and represents j
all the leading commercial enterprises of
the coast from Pugel Sound to San Diego.
The association is engaged in a light for |
the Jobbing business of th. coast, -ral ]
defendants in a suit now- pending before
the Interstate Commerce Commission.
The members an not politicians, but busi
ness men. whose success or failure means
much to the welfare of the coast.
Seeing that the St. Louis and Chicago
jobbers had united to cinch the coast ;
knowing that the coast had no represen
tative on tiie commission and that it has
never had one: finding that there was a
chance to get a real representative of
Pacitic Coast interests on the commission, :
one of the first matters to engage the rep
resentatives of the association in San
Francisco was the necessity of doing all
that was possible to have some man
named who could benefit the coast. These
gentlemen are disgusted to find that the
Southern Pacific Company; with its
usual greed. is trying to turn their op-!
portunity to its own selfish ends.
It is true that few merchants care to
openly antagonize the railroad people.
Their business can be badly affected by
the hostile acts '!' the company. Tic
do not care to mention the name of Gen
eral Chipman to condemn 'the railroad
company: but hat they do not think
that a corporation attorney and a poli
tician will (ill the measure of their wants
appears clearly from what they say. In
indicating heir preferences hey show
whet they think would not be a good
selection. The Traffic Association has
not yet expressed its desire for the selec
tion of any particular candidate for the j
position af commissioner, and ma not
do so. There are three States In tin
league for the defense of the business of
the Pacilic Coast. They may have some
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GOOD DOCTORS.
Are Quick to See and Appreciate Real
Merit in Any Preparation — Many
of Them Are Now Purchasing
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tab-
lets in All Stomach
Troubles.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are a dis-
covery of great value to the medical pro-
fession and the public. They are an un-
failing specific In all cases of dyspepsia
and disordered digestion.
Almost everybody's digestion is disord-
ered more or less, and the commonest
thing they do for it is to take some one
of the many so-called blood purifiers,
which ln many cases are merely strong
cathartics. Such things are not needed.
If the organs are in a clogged condition,
they need only a little help and they will
riglit themselves. Cathartics irritate the
Fcnsitive linings of the stomach and
bowels and often do more harm than
good.
Purging Is, not what Is needed. The
thing to do is to put the food in condi-
tion to be readily digested and assimilat-
ed. Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets do this
perfectly. They partly digest what Is
eaten and give the stomach just the help
it needs. They stimulate the secretion
and excretion of the digestive fluids and
relieve the congested condition of the
glands and membranes. They put the
who] digestive system in condition to
do its work. When that is done, you
need take no more tablets, unless you
cat what does not agree with yon. Then
lake one, or tw6 tablets— give them need-
ed help, and you will have no trouble.
It's a common sense medicine and a
common sense treatment and it will cure
every time. Not only cure the disease,
but cure th.c cause. Goes about It In a
perfectly sensible ,nd scientific way.
We have testimonials enough to fill a
book, but we don't publish many of them
However—
Mrs. E M. Faith of Byrds Creek. Wis
says: I have taken all the Tablets I got
of you and they have done their work
w.ll in my ca«>, for I feel like a different
person altogether. I don't doubt If 1 had
not got them i should have been at rest
by this time.
H. K. Willard, Onslow. la says: Mr
White of Canton was telling me of your
Dyspepsia Tablets curing him of dyspep-
sia, from which he had suffered for eight
years. As I am a sufferer myself I wish
you to send me a package by return mail
Phil. Brooks. Detroit, Mich.™ Sys:
Your dyspepsia cure has worked wond-
ers ln my case. I Buffered for years from
dyspepsia, but am now entirely cured and
, njoy life as I never have before I
gladly recommend them.
It will cost BOc to find out just how
much Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets will
help you. Try them— that's the best way :
to decide. |
All druggists sell them. A little book
on stomach diseases will be mailed free
by addressing F. A. Stuart Co., Marshall. '
i*. ... 1
I choice to express. It is more than pos
sible that this matter will come op lor
discussion next week at the meeting to
be held In this city to effect a permanent
organization. In the meantime it is in
| teresting fo know that there is a candi
j date In Oregon to fill the vacancy in the
commission. This is ex-Governor Lord,
j who is boomed by Senator Simon.
! Charles Holbrook. of Holbrook, Merrill
l& Stetson, presided at the meeting- at
| which the Pacific Coast Traffic Associa
■ tion was called into existence in this city.
I Mr. Holbrook said yesterday concerning
I the needs of the coast in the matter of
1 commissioner:
"It Is almost a necessity that the Pacific
I Coast should have a representative on
i the Interstate Commerce Commission. He
j should have an intimate knowledge of
i the business of the coast, in order to be
! able to represent us intelligently. We are
; politically entitled to one member of the
i commission. The appointment is not
local. It is to represent the whole coast
A man of large business experience Is
needed and one who knows all about our
relations with the transportation lines In
a commercial way. He should not be se
lected as a successful politician. A lawyer
or politician will not be able to represent
j commercial interests involved in decisions
]of the commission. The Commissioners
; formulate rules. They should understand
the general principles underlying traffic
- ahd the relations of sea and rail, and of
! one section with another. I would not
like to see a man named for the position
i who is under obligations to any railroad.
i 1 prefer a man who is Independent. He
; should have, i repeat, large experience In I
! transportation and commercial affairs, It
! would 1..- better to have the choice go to
i Oregon or Washington than have him the
representative of any one railroad."
William Haas of Haas Bros., president '
of the Associated Wholesale Grocers of
California, said: "To represent the Pacific
'oast a Commissioner should be familiar
with the advantages of our geographical
position. Now that our Oriental trade is
Increasing, a well-equipped Commissioner
representing the coast can do much to
[ promote trade. He should be fully awake
to the requirements of traffic of this
coast. He should be thoroughly familiar
with transportation questions. No man
without that knowledge could meet tha :
other members of the commission on
equal terms. A novice in traffic matters
would have It all to learn. There are
many men in San Franclsco who have
! reconnected with business houses who
have the requisite knowledge. I think
that 11. D. Loveland, chairman of the
executve committee of the Traffic Asso
ciation, would be a good man for the
place •> tip-top man. Emphatically I
would say that a lawyer or politician is
not th€. proper sort of man for the place."
Ernest Folger of J. A. Folger & Co.
said: "If we have a Pacific Coast repre
sentative in the Interstate Commerce
Commission he should be a business man.
No man would be the proper choice who
is not familiar with business conditions
and th.- making of rates. I would not
favor the appointment of a lawyer or pol
itician by any means, nor the appoint
ment of the representative of any rail
road. He should be a non-partisan traffic
man. thoroughly acquainted with the
needs '■: the coast."
Frank S. Johnson of the Johnson-
Locke Commercial Company said- "H
D. Loveland is the man. He Is brilliant!
brainy and. above all things, practical.
He has complete knowledge of the ex
isting conditions on the coast. The coast
needs for Its representative a practical
ami Intelligent merchant, who must at
th.- same time be familiar with the law.
I will bet that If a canvass should be
made In he mercantile community Love
land would have a large vote as the
choice of San Francis.... and Chipman
would not be able to get a corporal's
guard of merchants to support him."
Philip Teller of Norton, Teller & Roden
said: "A Pacific Coast representative
member of the Interstate Commerce
Commission should be a combination of
traffic man and business man. That is
the requisite."
Sidney Smith of the California Fruit
Canners' Association said: "The Pacific
Coast member of the commission ought
not to 1..- a lawyer- nor a politician. What
we need to represent us is a man fa
miliar with all phases of transportation."
Isaac I'pham expressed this view: "It
will require a business man. No novice
in transportation and tariffs will be
able to represent the needs of the coast.
We do not want a lawyer. That Is my
Imoression."
W. R. Wheeler: "The first thing to do
Ip to get the President committed to giv
ing the Pacific Coast a place upon the
commission. I believe that the man
needed to fill the place properly must
be acquainted with the principles under
lying transportation. That would be the
best kind of a Commissioner."
- Charles M. Yates: "We need an indi
vidual of the type of J. S. Leeds. The
matter is purely one of business, con
sequently the best appointment would be
a business man. He should also have a
thorough knowledge of traffic matters."
Lippmann Sachs of the firm of Sachs
Bros. & Co.— "We deserve representation
ci the Interstate Commerce Commission.
San Francisco is the third In Importance
of»the shipping points of the United
States. We must not have a lawyer or
a politician to represent us. The first
would go too much Into the technicalities
of the situation and not display enough
practical judgment to be of any benefit
to us. Th.- other would have too many
strings on him to act fairly between tho
Jobbers and the transportation compan
ies. II" should be a man who is In posi
tion to assist in promoting commerce and
who will not be likely, by reason of , his
affiliations, to be biased in favor of 'the
transportation companies. This is not. a
local matter exactly— lt ls a question
that effects the whole country. Our pros
perity depends upon the promotion of
trade of the commerce between States,
In other words. It would be better for
us to have no representation whatever
on the commission than to have the
wrong man appointed. A lawyer will not
do, because he cannot look at the prac
tical effect of the measures that may
come before the commission. And a poli
tician would be out of place, because com
merce ls a matter so entirely foreign to
his profession and has no bearing what
ever upon the politics of any section or
State. The man who Is appointed must
be thoroughly, familiar with our condi
tions and the situation of our trade. He
positively must not be affiliated with any
transcontinental railroad, either directly
or by reputation, and at all times must
be in a position to act intelligently and
fairly. I do not care to speak directly
against General Chipman. but from what
I have said In a general wav you can
readily see from my point of view that
he would not fill the bill."
Alfred Meyerstein of the Meyer'steln
Company— "Better have no representative
whatever on the Interstate Commission
than to have the wrong man. All of the
wholesalers with whom I have discussed
the matter agree that a man of affairs—
a man with a know!. -dire of trade mat
ters—should represent us. Above all, he
should not be Identified with any trans
continental railroad. I do not think that
a politician or a lawyer should be ap
pointed. Either, I believe, would be detri
mental to our commercial interests. "■■
DEMANDS OF NORWAY.
Programme of Leftists in the Swed-=
ish Storthing.
CHRISTIANIA, Oct. 17.— 1n the Storth
ing to-day the Leftists adopted an elec
toral programme declaring, first, that
Norway's Independence should be recog
nised by the appointment of a separate
Minister of Foreign Affairs and the estab
lishment of a separate consular system;
second, -that arbitration and neutrality
should be recognized and enforced; and,
third, that a system of Insurance against
Incapacity to earn a livelihood should be
applied to the whole Norwegian people. ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1899,
HEARTILY WELCOMED BY
HIS NEW CONGREGATION
REV. DR. HUTSINPILLAR, New Pastor Central M. E. Church
© < TF : =s\ EV. S. D. HUTSINPILLAR, the new pastor of the Central M. E.
♦ I j\ Church, was given a warm welcome by the members of that church
V pri^ ' ast night. The assembly room in the basement of the sabred edifice,
X |j> tastefully decorated by fair hands for the occasion, was crowded with
J£ the members of the church.
» Captain E. E. Ewing acted In the capacity of chairman. After Rev. J.
♦ N. Beard, ex-pastor of. the. Central M. E. Church and now in charge of Grace
T M. E. Church, had opened the meeting with prayer the choir rendered a
♦ .selection. This was followed by a ten-minute address by Rev. Dr. Case. The
4 speaker kept his hearers in a pleasant frame of mind by his stories and happy
•£> allusions, and heartily welcomed Dr. Hutsinplllar to his new field- of labor.
? allusions, and heartily welcomed Dr. Hutsinplllar to his new field- of labor.
T At the conclusion of his remarks one of the choir rendered a vocal solo, and
■7 then W. Abbott addressed. the pastor and welcomed him in behalf of the ofii
,* cial board. He concluded his remarks by reading a poem written by Cap
i tain Ewing for the occasion. Mrs. T. W. Nowlin. in behalf of the women of
$ the church, expressed her pleasure In greeting the doctor. She told him of
♦ the great assistance they would lend him in his work, and assured him that the
T various societies in the' church would aid him in his duties.
£ In replying to the kind words of welcome Dr. Hutsinplllar expressed his
♦ pleasure at. falling among such warm-hearted people. He said he regretted
<f that he did not arrive on Sunday last, and excused himself by pleading 111
--}7 ness. After thanking his auditors for the reception he stepped from the plat
-1 form and was introduced to as many of those present as could reach his side.
>»»♦»»»♦€>♦ - -»-s^#-«> ♦ <«>-#-t -♦^-•-<s>-»-^>-»- a-
SUCCESSFUL. FAIR
IT SANTA CRUZ
Many Handsome Exhib
its in Armory Hall.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 17.— The Fourteenth
District Agricultural Association Fair
opened this evening at the armory. Thid
building has been transformed by the
wonderful display of the products of this
county.
The exhibits are many and are in all
departments. The first exhibit which at
tracts attention is that of the agricultural,
horticultural and viticultural department.
The exhibit occupies the center space of
the building. The long tables are heaped
high with pyramids of bright-hued ap
ples, and pears and plates of grapes are
relieved by the many, hued leaves of the
grape vine.
Dried fruits are exhibited In the great
est quantities, as are wine, nuts and the
products of the farm.
A delightful spot is the corner reserved
for the lloral exhibit. The local florists
have displayed the finest plants from their
hothouses, while the wealth of floral
bloom from many gardens cannot be
duplicated at any lair in the State.
The line arts department is in a room
off the main building, and the walls are
hidden from view by the display of oil
and water color paintings and crayon
work. In this room are also the displays
of costly hand-painted china.
The department reserved for fancy work
and needlework occupies threo rooms ou
the second floor. ;--.-.;
The officers of the association are:
Henry K. Dakm, president; ' Oscar L.
Gordon, secretary; directors— H. R. Da
kin, F. A. Hihn. D. M. Locke. I. H. Tuttle.
W. li. Galbraith, W. S. Rodgers. Duncan
McPherson and L. P. Lauretzen.
The chairmen of committees are as fol
lows: Livestock, F. A. Hihn; poultry,
Philip Hvn.-s: field products, l". W.
Thompson; dairy products, D. D. Wilder;
horticulture, L. P. Lauretzen; viticulture,
W. W. Waterman; canned fruit, preserves,
pfckles, Mrs. Susie Harris; preserved
meats, W. H. Galbraith; lumber, F. O.
Hihn; manufactures, Oscar Foster; paint
ing, Frank L. Heath; embroidery and
needlework, Mrs. V. , Gilliani; plants , and
flowers, E. Leedham; culinary department,
Mrs. E. D. Perry; natural history, C. L.
Anderson. ...-■: - : -;._'--;., ,7 .-'. ;•':
ARMY PROMOTIONS.
Five Colonels Advanced to Brigadier
p-fj-v Generals Before Retirement.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 17.— The President ;
has ordered the ■ promotion to grade of j
brigadier general In. the regular army of
the following colonels: Colonel A. C. M.
Pennington, Second- • Artillery; , Colonel j
Royal T. Frank, First Artillery; -Colonel
Louis H. Carpenter, Fifth Cavalry; Col
onel Samuel Ovenshlno, Twenty-third In- I
fantry; Colonel Daniel W. Burke, Seven- I
teenth Infantry. WfBSfB"!!?'- '.
These officers are.to.be placed on the j
retired list at Intervals of one day each.
The War Department was able to make j
these changes owing to the retirement of i
General Shafter from the regular army. !
After they shall have been appointed !
and retired in order one. vacancy, will be j
left ln the grade of brigadier general In j
the regular army, and it is the common \
impression that this place will be given
to either General Lawton or General Mac- j
Arthur. ■•;;:;-•-•: ;-:.....VvV.71-> i'- t
COAL MINERS STRIKE.
Two Thousand Leave Their Posts at
Spring' Valley, Illinois.-
SPRING VALLEY, 111.. Oct. 17.-State
President J. M. Hunter arrived here last
night on the call of the executive com
mittee of this district and to-day called a
strike of the 2000 miners employed by the
Spring Valley Coal Company. The men
all struck and the supply of coai from
this point will drop 5000 tons daily until a
settlement is made.
The difficulty which brought on the
strike is alleged to have been the refusal
of General Manager Dalzell to stop union
dues at the company's office.
Dewey's Visit to Atlanta.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 17.— A committee
representing the citizens of Atlanta called
upon Admiral Dewey to-day to arrange
the details of his trip to Atlanta. It was
decided that, In company with Lieutenant
Brumby, who is to be presented with a
sword- by the city of Atlanta, and a citi
zens' committee, the admiral will leave
Washington next Monday night, arriving
at Atlanta Tuesday evening. He will re
view the military display in Atlanta, take
part in the presentation of the sword and
attend the dinner to be given . by the
Capitol Club. '
ACCIDENTALLY
SHOT HIMSELF
Major Upham Killed at
Santa Monica.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 17.-Major Frank
Kidder Upham, treasurer, acting quarter
master and commissary of subsistence at
the Soldiers' Home at Santa Monica, ac
cidentally shot and killed himself at the
home this morning. He had been notified
that the money for the monthly pay roll
had arrived at the depot. He went to his
desk to take out his revolver, lt being his
custom to arm himself while bringing the
money from the depot.
As he took the revolver from its case
the hammer caught on the edge of a table
and one cartridge was discharged, the
hall entering his neck under the chin and
passing out at the base of the brain. He
died instantly. TXaBI
Major Upham served in the Second Cali
fornia Infantry from I*o4 until ISB7 and
then entered the regular army and was
mustered out February _. 1892, as a cap
tain. He was elected to his present posi
tion at the home April 20, 1835. He leaves
a widow, who is at the home, two daugh
i ters, Ethel and Edith, who are at board
' ing school In this city, and two sons, one
| F. B. I'pham, an ensign on the Olympia
j who was with Dewey at Manila, and John
Upham, a cadet at West Point.
Ensign Upham Is now on his way to
: visit his parents. He is not yet informed
of his father's death.
BANK PRESIDENT SUES.
Alleges That Stock Known to Be
Worthless Was Sold Him.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 17.— Charles R.
Mayers has brought suit in the United
States District Court against Theodore P.
Gordon to recover $4287 and Interest.
Mayers Is president of the First National
Bank of Columbus. Ohio. The defendant
was formerly cashier of the bank, but Is
now a resident of Pasadena .
The complaint alleges that the plaintiff
purchased the bank largely on the show
ing of assets made and that after the
purchase it was found that much of the
paper was worthless and the bookkeeper
had absconded. Among the worthless pa
per represented in the cashier's statement
as good were notes signed by L. R. Doty,
an insolvent. It ls alleged that Gordon
knew of Doty's Insolvent condition, but
represented. his notes as good with a de
sire and intent to defraud. The plaintiff
alleges that he was damaged by the al
leged fraud to the extent of $4287 and In
terest at 5 per cent. The defendant de
nies all the allegations and will vigor
ously contest the case.
GUILTY OF LESE MAJESTE.
German Editor Sentenced to Six
Months' Imprisonment.
BERLIN, Oct. 17.— Dr. Klapper, editor
of the Deutsche Agrar-Correspondenz.
has been sentenced to Imprisonment ln a
fortress for six. months on a charge of lese
majeste for criticizing Empvor William.
The . leading Agrarian Organ, the
Deutsche Tage-Zeltung. blames the Em
peror,' because "by frequently Identifying
himself with public measures he compels
criticism."
Kicked by a Horse.
SAN ANSELMO, Oct. 17.-David, the
16-year-old son of James I. Taylor, a
brother of Sheriff Taylor, was kicked In
the jaw and seriously injured by. a horse
yesterday. The boy slapped the horse on
the hip as it entered the barn door with
out any warning, and frightened at the
blow, ' the horse kicked him. He was
rendered senseless, an ; examination by Dr
W. J. /Wickman showing that his upper
jaw was fractured, several teeth knocked
out and a cut made in the lower Ilp and
chin requiring twenty stitches.
Cyclers Collide.
SALINAS, Oct. 17.— As *Jert Ploda of
Santa Cruz., who is visiting his brother
Charles Pioda, at Spreckels was riding
his bicycle last night from Salinas to
Riverside lie collided with another cyclist
The night was extremely, dark, and both
I riders were going af a high rate of speed
The shock was terrific. Both riders were
thrown from their machines and seriously
but not fatally injured. .- :•_,■.
Oiler Injured.
SALINAS, Oct. 17.-While George
Pritchard of San Francisco, an oiler at
the Spreckels. sugar factory, was at work
on some machinery he slipped and fell
twelve feet, breaking several ribs and re
ceiving other injuries. His condition is
serious. •• ;
SOLDIERS SHOT
NOT WISELY HOT
FAR TOO WELL
Surplus Enthusiasm
of Montana Men.
« '.
CELEBRATING MUSTER OUT
♦
A BECALMED SCHOONER UNDER
FIRE AND HIT FOUR TIMES.
♦ . — .
Captain Joseph D. Leitch Has Been
Made an Aid to General
'Shafter— A Sword for
L y Wholly.
There came a sequel yesterday to the
jollification of the Montana men during
their last night of service. Monday even
ing the Montana camp was a lively scene.
The Kansas men had come up to have
a social with the Montana men, and part
of the entertainment, furnished the guests
was the firing of rifles. The regiment had
turned in all arms, but the Mausers and
Remingtons captured from the Spaniards
and Filipinos belonged to the men, and
they had plenty of ammunition. The
firing continued for over an hour, and
then most of the shooters turned their
attention to other forms of amusement.
Yesterday morning the master of the
schooner Ida A appeared at headquarters
and announced that while becalmed off
the Presidio his boat was hit. four times
by the bullets from the enthusiastic Mon
tanans and that for some time he and his
crew were in great danger of being shot.
The bullets were hitting the water all
around the: . and as there was no wind
they could not get out of range. They
were perhaps two miles from the camp
on the hill where the men were shooting,
and it was no use for them to call out.
All they could do was to trust to luck
that they would drift out of range or
that the firing would cease before any
of them were hit. As it was, three shots
struck the vessel and one went through
her sail.
An Investigation was Immediately
ordered, but it had little result. The Mon
tana men were mustered out yesterday
and there was no time to make a thor
ough investigation of the affair, besides
no one would admit that he fired any
shots, or that he saw any one else do so,
or even that any shots had been fired
from the Montana camp. It was pointed
out that the men of the Montana regi
ment had turned in all their arms and
therefore had nothing to shoot with, but
it was not with Government arms they
expressed their enthusiasm. it was fur
ther declared that most of the shooting
came from the Kansas camp, but it is not
probable that more than half a dozen of
the shots were tired from there. At any
rate, the investigation has developed
nothing.
Later in the day another complaint
came in from Harbor View. One of the
bullets had gone through a bedroom, and
the occupant wanted to be sure there
would be no repetition. Bullets were also
heard to whistle over the Presidio build
ings, but at the time it was not supposed
that any one was shooting ball cartridges.
Those who heard the men thought tney
were shooting blanks, and while it was
believed to be a little off color even with
blanks, from a military standpoint, still
none of the volunteer officers saw fit to
stop it. There is no guard from the post
garrison over the volunteer camps, so no
report of the shooting was turned in to
headquarters. '
Colonel Freeman, commandant of the
post, Issued an order yesterday forbidding
the discharge of firearms in any of the
camps. It has been a practice of the reg
iments to be mustered out to celebrate
their last night in service with some such
demonstration, but heretofore blank
cartridges have been used. Now the
practice will have to stop altogether.
Captain J. D. Leitch was relieved from
duty as an adjutant of the Presidio yes
terday and he was ordered to duty as an
aid to General Shafter. He has received
no orders from Washington assigning him
to the position, but it is not Improbable !
that he will he ordered away from this I
department. His place as post adjutant
has been taken by Captain James 11. Fri
er. Seventeenth Infantry.
Monday evening the officers of the Pre
sidio and those of the Twenty-eighth
Regiment called upon General Shafter to
pay their respects and to congrati 'ate
him upon his retention In the vo' \,.'teer
service and as commander of this depart
ment. The band of the Twenty-eighth
Regiment was with the officers and It ser
enaded the general. There were nearly
seventy officers in attendance.
# Three hundred recruits under command
of Captain W. N. Hughes, Thirteenth In
fantry, and Lieutenants W. N. Hughes
Wilson. Pasco.' and Kinzie have been as
signed to the transport Manuense with
two companies of the Thirty-first 'under
command of Lieutenant Colonel Hayes
The Montana regiment was mustered
out yesterday, each man receiving in the
neighborhood of $100 in pay and allow
ances. The regiment will start east on a
special train this evening, the train to
leave from the 9 o'clock boat from this
side. The bulk of the regiment will go
over on the 8 o'clock boat, and the 9
o'clock will be the last that will catch :+>.
train. --....■
The men of the Washington regiment
presented Colonel Wholly with a beautiful
sword yesterday. It was the finest the
men could buy, and every man in the regi
ment contributed his share to the pur
chase price. On the blade is the colonel's
name and the fact that it was a token of
esteem from the enlisted men whom he
commanded.
It was payday ln the Kansas regiment
yesterday, but one month's money was all
the men received. They will be mustered
out November 3.
The detachment from Battery N, Third
Artillery, now stationed at Benicia Bar
racks, will be relieved by a detachment*
from Battery E of the same regiment,
which will be sent from Fort Mason. The
detachment from Battery N will return to
its company's station, Alcatraz Island.
Miss Alice Roberts, contract nurse, has
been ordered to proceed to her home, Dcs
Moines. lowa, her contract having been
annulled. .■__
Major Wilfrid Turnbull. surgeon, has
been ordered to temporary- duty at the
general hospital pending his assignment
to Manila.
A banquet will be given to Sergeant
William Maher and Corporal F. F. Maher
of Company M of the First California
Regiment by Company X of the League
of the Cross Cadets this evening. The
banquet will be held in St. Paul's Hall,
Twenty-ninth and Church streets.
Next Tuesday evening. October 21. at
Mechanics' Pavilion, under the auspices of
the United States Army and Navy Chris
tian Commission, a public farewell recep
tion will be given the Twentieth Kansas
Regiment and its officers. It is expected
several bands will participate in the even
ing's programme. There will be a short
drill by the regiment, closing with a prom
enade concert. The Mothers' Club of the
commission Is to entertain and serve a
collation at the close.
MORTGAGE DEFAULTED.
Wells, Fargo & Co. Win a Suit to
Foreclose on Property in This
City and Suburban Towns.
A default was entered in the United
States Circuit Court yesterday on motion
of E. S. Pillsbury. attorney for the plain
tiff, in the suit of Wells, Fargo & Co. to
foreclose a mortgage made to secure a
promissory note for $45,528 52, executed on
August 31. 1593. The defendants are Verba
Buena Mutual Building and Loan Associa
tion, James B. Brooks, Eveline M. Graves
and others. The property affected con
sists of a piece of land on Jersey street,
east of Douglass, lots on San Bruno ave
nue and Lux avenue in this city, lots on
Spruce and Grand avenues in South San
Francisco, and lots in the towns of Berke
ley and Alameda.
The case was referred to United States
Commissioner Heacock to take testimony
as to the amount due on the note, between
$5000 and $6000 having been paid.
Varney Buys Typewriters.
. Three Smith Premier typewriters were
ordered by Thos. B. Varney, agent Ram
bler bicycles, from L. & M. Alexander, 110
Montgomery street. •
/ THE EMPOE-ITJII. I THE EMPORIUM.
£]¥*¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥>$%
1* 7"lie Pants Sale continues until closing time Saturday J
& night. We are' offering the fine Worsted Trousers, manufac- t
* hired by Win. Cregar of 14 Sansome street to retail at $4 and «
ft $5 per pair, for $2.90. Mr. Cregar has retired from business, J
* . which accounts for our ability to make this extraordinary J
J offer. Don't miss it. J
ft *
ft ================ «
ft Baby Carriages, one-quarter off— a «
J fezv left of the. lot offered in our Sunday announcement; para- *
ft sol-top carriages, not suitable for the city because of the winds, J
» but just the thing for out-of-town places; worth from $13 to J
* $35 each, at one-quarter less than those prices for this V
* week only. *
ft " ================= «
i H-ve you seen n[lMPOß|lJ||^^ *
fc IhoJo'ly I gig" B-™*" VfiSlgl^^Flioro- *
ft Show in ISs^^* And graphs vith 2
ft Exhibition Haii? P^ ©oßrf©Br>sfi.«Bc ftazaar. pretty mounts
» Don't miss it. CAUFQRmAS LAPCEST- AMERICA'S OWIDEST STODE. {or 25c. «
ft *
»i tf)/jr , , . I
I / J
ft Last Day Remnant Sale. I
& Colored Dress Goods Remnants and Suit Patterns at «
* One-Quarter Off Already Reduced Prices, «
ft This lot ranges in length from li to 6 yards, and includes many «
* of this season's novelties. Excellent materials for dress skirts, *
ft children's dresses, waists and complete costumes. If you have not 2
* been in before this week come to-day. *
■? *
ft 1 *
ft ' *
• Ladies' Neckwear Sale. *
«* .
i. Ci?^ A Large Lot at One-Quarter *
ft &»S^S* Off Regular Prices, J
* v^t-pw JJ» /*0 They are all in this season's *
J Jitl^^^Es-C-'-V'^") latest style—Jabots, Stock Col- J
ft <s'/ *i. V ffik *\ Ci 75 lars. Blouse Fronts, Scarfs, Band Bows, *
ft X^^^iV /'v\' Carafe i Puff Ties and Collarettes, broken' lots *
* ''{^i " »ii /^V^^^^^p' from th ' 3 season ' 3 sellinj where c >lor *
* |c"/10[ assortments are not complete, and a few *
* vrliVvift' '^^^^^mr *' that are . a tr^ d mussed and soiled in *
ft C^i' ■// ' '^^w^/wll window display — neckwear marked from 2
* '///J 25c to $2.50 each, to-day 25 per cent off \\
* of tbose prices. «*
: == %
ti *m_. *
* Wednesday Only. To-Day Only. _J\\ 4
* Si 'SO Chemise "Oneita 99 %*&) *
» To-Day M &, Jj2/7 *
* 7*s<r» lijß Suits /I. .T../ S
ft Ladies' Camb-ic »#ffl^ft^f «»« /I "I %
ft Skirt Chemise, with SBW 'I IV'.y 7&C. (A /- x y *
» lawn ruffl?, neck, , || 3"'?/7- \^ [«* 2
* yoke and skirt trim- f V Genuine "Oneita" V VS3 41
* mcd with lace and /yrT*-^. Wool Mixed Com- ; V v *
_ lace i-sertionattop \lui7u__^_____ 7_\ u;„„i.:„_ ci;*.,.-^ » lr *
t of ruffl.. pree al- '"ftTi bma i tlon i . Suit 8, J- l I?' J
fc ways $i.£o each, on /^>&V*>*>?**^ patent finished >' I 1 f; *
ft special sale to-day <^^^^^§^^ seams, colors nat- _\ \ /_ *
* on at 7Sc^^j^ii^^i^ ; ura l or white, per-^fv \ M $
& feet form fitt'ng, \| \ *
ft Tc-Da* Only. Zsphvr Wool that every - day selling ll^vJ-J:!
* i. c " r_V? '-P-"'» 7 ' Sp*« ?l-00 each, "^ite ?
ft ffa«fr*f*fCe» shades in this lot, on special sale to- <J *
J but a fair assortment of colors, on special day.. ..... 78c \J '■' ■ 2
J sale Wednesday 0n1y.. 2 laps for Sc ■ _________ '. . /*. J
ft : To-Day Only. Irish Point Ef- *
J To >v On'y. Winter Roses, silk BtireaU £ cc ' B u o rea a J
ft IV3illi_nß_rV v ' ivet . silk arid vel- Scarfs 4.4.** ■ l" s '- 18xo4 *
J ™ # ™ ; vet, with and without OCari» WC.mchesin 81Ze ' «
ft SpeCial. velvet foiage, and new - and . P" ty signs; also squires; *
» fine French Cubed Roses, all \ in this ranging m value from osc to 7oc each, «
J fine French G.u-hed Roses, all in th's 0n ■ ' eclal sale Wednesday... .440 «
* season's colorings, 3t06 in a bunch, j on speclal sa c Wedne3 Jay... WO J
*? roses that.were 50c, 60c and 75c bunch. j —-—————«—. J
? your choice Wednes jay only 25c On Wednesday Ladies' Box Calf J
ft Another Button or Lice «
j ww^^ om, shoe Sale, 0 22. S
* $2.00 eSS with dotted cloth tops, *
ft »*_' 4 / i —^3 an Vici Kid Button *
& &nirtS /v.'v\ . (~^T / **/ Snoes: all up-to-date toes 2
5 QO_n. />'''«''' ' V^^/ V 7 and *' 08 ' the ba'ance of 2
* &OG. k^ii'-yS. /Vi w^T several lots of $2.50 J
fc We offer 148 //'Vf^M'V'tX '■'' &\ shoes, in size? and 4 *
ft only— figured /0// l /»'uV* «A '';«[ 'i. \ o«/f, if they fie «
ft Mohair Dress aWVv "IA'A 'iV^. \ you it will be *
ft Skirts, with per- /^^ , K'V»x>^\^ ,^ \--^%ft^v U3t like find " 2
* came lining and r'^'/l/'u^'^W^^A *~-^\^ e '^ S^^___ mgthematto- J
* velveteen bind- $'»[ 'ivK^A V\«»A %-^ /^^ day's snecial J
J ing, at special .fe^V^'oM^M price..-5/.fO J
a sale to-day while AivY t /i» r 'v M^' vA'^i — - ♦
fc the lot. l«s s, Si^/^'\^Lo^ii To-Div Only. Eight of the most *
* each 98C POUUIOr popular songs of *
*■ ; __**_)**_____-. *_%!%*__ tne day and a 2
I^-dayOnl, ~Ze?-Z-~r>_ S °"9 S 2° ' fine i2c?«,a? J
i ir~-Jm~m*i__r_*m*t V£§?--'7 I F^SS we sell reguarly at 3oc each, on special i
J L.nan%eteU W£^=z&.' sa i e Wednesday at 20C -J
ft Kettle 36C. r-'--' I "She Was Bred in Old Kentucky".... «
i "*„ ,j „. yy. '•'• v " My Uttle ««>rBla Rose" 20c J
* Enameled Steel Look- , - ::t| "Won't You Take Me Back to Dixie". .SOc V
ft incr Pot with 2 handles ' •-:•'■ -Jr. " pin Me a Sons: of the South" JSOc *'
_ ing rot, WHn nanaiea i ._:... - <| , : , "My Black Bess" 20c *
T and heavy retinned * > -~^" -<■•?•■• uJ "Because," by Howitz and Bowers. ...SOc +..
J cover,regu!arlv each ••S^^-r.^^^lJ^^lJJJ^jiSS #
ft on p3Clll sale We inesday at JbC "Corinne Grand March".... _. 20c 'f
X^^46A44«««MA«4* «««*«*««<»««**« 4*«**««444A^
LUMBER DRIFTS ASHORE.
Residents of Bolinas Profit by the
Aberdeen's Loss.
BOLINAS. Oct. About 100,000 feet of
pine lumber which was washed from the
deck of the steamer Aberdeen last Tues
day while she was on her way from Port
land, Or., to San Francisco, floated into
Bolinas Bay last Friday. There was so
much of the lumber that for a half mile
from shore the ocean appeared yellow.
The Incident created a good deal of ex
citement, and for a while residents were
busily engaged in removing the lumber
from the. beach to their homes. All the
lumber now reposes in piles and .stacks
on the various ranches in the vicinity,
where it will lie used for firewood, as it
is cut into too large scantlings to be used
iii local building operations
It was on last Tuesday that the Aber
deen. Captain Pedersen, ; encountered a
fierce northwester off Point Reyes. The
lashings of the lumber which formed her
cargo broke loose and some of the lumber
getting caught in the rigging the main
mast of the steamer was carried away
Water poured into the engine-room and
the cabin and for a few minutes it was
feared that the fires would be extin
guished The vessel was turned bows on
and weathered the storm. She reached
Lombard-street wharf. San Francisco,
with about 500.000 feet of lumber and was
sent to Oakland Creek after discharging.
TEACHERS IN SESSION.
NAPA, Oct. 17.— Teachers' Institute
opened this morning at 9 o'clock. After
roll call Miss May Davis of St. Helena
led in the singing of "Columbia/ the
Gem of the Ocean" in honor of the vic
tory of the Columbia over the Shamrock
yesterday. Following Superintendent J.
A. Imrle read an Interesting paper* on
"The Purpose and Province of Super
vision." Later Professor J. A. Metzler
read a paper on "The Professional Spirit
of the Teacher an Important Factor in
School Work."
In the afternoon Professor J. L. Shearer
instructed the institute on "Discipline
From the Standpoint of the Doctrine of
Unity."
Professor C. M. Gayley lectured in the
opera-house to-night on "Kipling,- the
Representative Poet of the Anglo-Saxon
Race To-day."
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
i — — — — — — — — — — — _
BOOKS AND STATIONERY,
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
842 to 350 Geary Street Above Powell
PERIODICALS. BOOKS AND BTATIONERT.
COAL. COKR AND PIO IRON.
J. C WILSON &CO J OO Battery Street
* V- TTILJUIT ft WV-, Telephone Main IS«4.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Supt H. BLTTH. Mar.
C. W. SMITH Shlp P'u»blng, Steamooat
V- _TT _ JITIIIU, and Ship Work a Specialty. U
and IS Washington st. Telephone Main 5541
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lAS BOYES&CO, Shipping Butehera. io*
JAD- DVIEJtt \i\f', ciay. Tel. Main / 1294.
FURS.
J N I fIFSTATI ,4 K " rn * **•• upstairs. Latest
•I. lis LUIJIAI/, styles, lowest prices, remodeling
IRON FOUNDERS.
WESTERN FOUNDRY, ft™ A ££&
st. Cas ng3 of Every Description Mcd) to
Order. Tel. Black 1505. < -'7\7 7~jJ
PAPER DEALERS.
Will AMFTTF PULP AND PAPER CO.
TTILLAITI .v 11L. 722 Montgomery street
■< : . ■
PRINTINO. ; \7 vV-i
C- V- HUGHES, Sll Sansome st.. S. F.
THE HICKS- JUDD CO , Sgggh-nffS:
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
TOggyjttT; PARTRIDGE ; m 'ffi& raU
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, & ne £la!£
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. et IU GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES, ia the Beat Coal In the
Market Office aad Tarda— Main street.
56
jT^r^vtf £&'&__****_ n ,__r WM
WEDNESDAY OCTOBER 18, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Propriety.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main 186*.
EDITORIAL ROOMS £17 to 221 Stsvenson Stre«t
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BT CARRIERS, IB CENTS PER WEEK.
Blnsle Copies, B cents.
Term* by Moll, Including Postage:
FAII.T CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year JO.OO
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 6 months '.1.00
DAILT CAIL (Including Sunday Call). 3 months .... 1.50
DAILY CALL— Dy Single Month ** So
BUXDAY CALL One Year 1 - no
YVKK aLY CALL One Year I>oo
All postmasters ara authorized to recalvj subscriptions.
6ampU copies will be forwarded when rsqueated.
OAKLAND OFFICE 906 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Buildlna.
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT!
C. C.CARLTON Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENT ATIVE i
PERRY LUKENB JR 'i© Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS,
F'lertnan House P. O. News CO.: Great NtftHca ■s*al|
fremont House; Auditorium Hctel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Ureutano. »1 Unioa equaxsi
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.J OFFICE Wellington Hotel
J. L. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, comer Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 300 Hayes street, open until
S3O o'clock. 639 McAllister street, open uotll 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkin street, open uotll 9:30 o'clock.
ICAI Mission street, open uotll 10 o'clock;. SE"-"' Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- '03*
Valencia street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open uotll 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock,
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "Hotel Topsy Turvy."
California— "Mucda."
Orpheum— "Vaudevllla."
Tivoli— "Era Diavolo..'
Alcazar— "The Marked Ball."
Grand Opera House — "Nanon. "
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— .lUdevllle every alternoon and
even.: £.
Olympia. corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Central Park — Steeplechase and performances.
Oakland Kaoetrack— Haces to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
Hy Easton. Eldridge & Co.— (day, October U, at 12
o'clock, Keal Estate, at 63S Market street.
. <L_^7 I'..l'v&..<7£»±£_}*1 '..l'v&..<7£»±£_}* —
GENERAL GREEN'S VIEWS.
IF irrigation has a father in California that person
is General Will S. Green, whose views The Call
* published yesterday. We are of the opinion that
an examination of his position will show him that the
water storage movement is one solution of the very
difficulties which he presents. The present laws for
the enjoyment and distribution of water relate to the
normal flow of the streams and originate in riparian
rights. The application of the common law of ri
parian ownership has undergone certain statutory
modifications, and the water is subject to judicial
distribution, according to its use, but we need not
enter now into these details. They all concern the
normal flow and not the floods.
With the storage of flood waters we approach an
other view of the law of distribution that is not af
fected by riparian ownership nor subject to any of the
limitations now imposed.
As General Green is aware, many ditch and canal
companies which have sold permanent water rights that
go with the land have oversold. That is to say, their
tale of water has been measured not by the minimum
normal flow nor by the average, but by the maxi
mum—by that flow that fills the banks. The result
is that when dry years come and the flow is at the
minimum they cannot deliver the water they have
sold as a permanent right. While one may severely
impeach their lack of foresight, or may cail by a
harsher name their sale of water they cannot be sure
of possessing, hard judgment on them does not re
lieve the irrigator. He needs the water, and if the
ditch-owner can find it in a reservoir where flood
water is stored he can be compelled to get it and
fill his tracts.
Aside from this the distribution of flood water will
be independent of the difficulties now existing and so
well described by General Green. We hope to see
bim in the coming convention, for he has much to
teach and will meet there many who have much to
learn.
If Sir Thomas Lipton succeeds now in his boast
to "lift" the America challenge cup he will have to
be something more of a heavy-weight than he aspires
to be.
PATROL WAGON DRIVERS.
BY the recent order of the Board of Supervisors
\ discharging all patrol drivers now in the em
ploy of the city and placing the selection and
appointment of employes of that branch of the mu
nicipal service in the hands of the Police Department
a true reform was effected in the city administration.
It is therefore inevitable there should be opposition
to it. The bosses who profited by the old system
and who used the positions of patrol drivers as a part
of the spoils of oifice for distribution among their
follo'wcvs arc of course eager to set the reform aside
and return to- the old way. A movement has been
made in the Board of Supervisors to conform to their
wishes to a partial extent at least, and there is now
under consideration a motion to defer the date when
the reform is to go into effect from November I to
December 15.
The issue in the case is a simple one. If the patrol
drivers be placed under control of the Police Depart
ment there will be a clear responsibility in that de-
partment for the selection of proper men for the ser
vice. At present the places are given out at the dic
tation of ward bosses and are designed as rewards for
partisan activity rather than for the work of the
municipality. The patrol drivers are of course in
close relations with the police force and are virtually
a part of that force. It is therefore fitting they should
be under the control of that department.
Nor is there any good reason why the change hi
the system of appointment should be delayed. When
a thing is worth doing it is well to do it promptly. A
postponement now would be a precedent for another
postponement later on. The reform is a good one.
It io line with the progress which) has been made
in eliminating boss control from our politics. It is
oppo c ed only by Kelly and Crimmins and men of
that kind. It will work a marked improvement in
the patrol service and be also a help and an advan
tage to th.c Police Department in the performance of
the work that is required of it. It should therefore be
tamed as it standi.
MERCHANT MARINE SUBSIDIES.
COMMISSIONER of Navigation Chamber
lain has made an important contribution
to the discussion of the merchant marine
bill by an official report showing the amount
of subsidies paid to their commercial marine by the
greater nations of the globe. The showing is by no
means flattering to the United States', inasmuch as it
reveals that we are far behind our rivals in the race
for commercial supremacy.
Subsidies to shipping are granted for various pur
j poses, such as mail contracts, sen-ice in time of war,
: retainers to seamen, for the training of apprentices
and for fishing bounties. In none of these purposes
; does the United States offer such inducements as are
■ offered elsewhere. Taking the payments as a whole
! it is noted the United States stands far down on the
list, paying only $1,038,141 for ocean mails carried
in American vessels. France, which is making
strenuous efforts to build up a strong merchant fleet,
stands at the head of the list, with payments under
I various headings aggregating 532,242. Great Brit
] am comes next with $5,762,762 paid to ship-owners
and seamen as the contribution of the Government
toward maintaining British supremacy in ocean com
merce. Japan comes third with payments aggregat
ing $3492,107. These are amounts paid by other na
! tions: Italy, $2,185,266; Germany, $1,894,620; Aus
tria-Hungary, $1,724,249; Spain, $1,629,927; Russia,
I $1,168,187.
With that official record before them of what other
nations are doing to promote commerce it is certainly
to be expected that members of Congress will pass
a shipping subsidy bill at the coming session. Our
export and import trade is enormous, but it is car
ried almost wholly in foreign vessels. Senator Frye
estimates we pay $100,000 a day to foreign ship
owners for transporting our commerce, and the drain
makes a heavy reduction annually from our profits.
We have been liberal in providing for the up
building of our industries on land, and the results
have been so remarkable as to constitute one of the
marvels of the century. We are now able to manu
facture not only for our own needs but vast quantities
of goods for foreign markets. A similar policy of
protection and promotion carried out with respect to
our shipping would eventually enable American en
terprise to be as conspicuous on the seas as it is now
on land.
The issue was submitted to the people at the last
Presidential election. The Republican party at that
time took strong ground in favor of an American
merchant marine and gave an emphatic pledge to the
people to provide for its augmentation and expansion.
That pledge has not yet been fulfilled, and now an
other Presidential election is approaching. Under
such circumstances it is clearly the duty of Congress
to provide for our mercantile marine at the coming
session.
Since Mayor Phelan has assumed the dictatorship
of a "new Democracy" it would be within the realm
of Ids arrogated power to force some of his nomi
nees to bear the yoke quietly. Assessor Dodge in
sists that he is a party in himself, and the other
candidates must hustle for themselves. The creed
of the "new Democrats" appears to be everybody for
hints
CAMPAIGN BANNERS.
j AMOTION was made at "the meeting of the
/ \ Board of Supervisors on Monday evening to
i so amend the order forbidding the stretching
of campaign banners across the streets as to permit
thai nuisance on all streets except Market and
Kearny. Th inks to Supervisor Holland the board
was saved from hasty and inconsiderate action on the
subject and the motion vent over for reconsideration
at the next meeting.
The proposed amendment has nothing to justify it.
Either the promiscuous swinging of unsightly
stretches of canvas over our thoroughfares is a nui
sance or it rs not. If it be a nuisance why permit it
in any part of the city? If it be not a nuisance why
prohibit it on Market and Kearny? In what respect
are the people who pass along those streets entitled
to mofe consideration from the municipal authorities
than the people who pa- on other streets?
The order prohibiting that form of public nuisance
has been well received and cordially approved by the
community. There is no objection anywhere to the
artistic decoration of the streets with banners which
are in themselves bright and fair to look upon and
j which have a festal significance. Campaign banners,
fever, are anything rather than artistic. They are
simply huge advertising posters displaying in lurid
letters the name of some aspirant for office. They
mar the appearance of the streets and in many in
stances are as offensive to the mind as to the eye.
There is no reason why the streets should be given
up to that kind of advertising. Candidates for office
have many means by which to parade their names
and their virtues before the voters without granting
them the privilege of turning the streets into a pano
rama of flapping canvas with their names displayed.
Before the subject comes up for reconsideration the
Supervisors will have an opportunity to learn some
thing of public sentiment on'the matter. The political
banner stretched across the street is a serious nuisance
in the eyes of the great mass of the community.
There is a strong sentiment in favor of suppressing it,
and a grave mistake will be made if the recent well
approved order be rescinded or weakened by amend
ment or alteration.
H. H. Kohlsaat, the able editor of the Chicago
Times-Herald, is deservedly distinguished for ability
in many fields, but when the Chronicle framed his
picture on Monday in boxing gloves, championship
belts and other insignia of the prize ring he was
clothed with a pugilistic dignity to which he does not
aspire. lie has a fighting editor of his own.
MR. BRYAN'S LECTURE RATES.
W X BRYAN, according to all reports, has been
/ \ making a good deal of hay out of the political
* * sunshine which has been glowing so brightly
and warmly of late in the Mississippi Valley. A
special correspondent of the Philadelphia Record
quotes a Cabinet official as saying that for his speech
at Canton, 111., the silver aspirant for the Presidency
was paid $600, which is surely a good reward for a
two-hours' talk.
When asked by whom the money was subscribed
the official is reported to have said: "By the citizens
of the town and the people interested in the State
Fair which is in progress this week. Of course Bryan
is an attraction, and he brought several thousand peo
ple to town who would not have come otherwise.
Thus the subscribers had an opportunity to get their
money back. I assume it is all right for Mr. Bryan
to make money this way. Still, isn't it rather undig
nified for a man who poses as the leader of the
Democracy and as a prospective candidate for the
Presidency to accept money for his 'work of educat
ing the people?' " -
While the Record correspondent does not give
the name of the Cabinet official, the statement
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1899.
; regarding the fee paid to Bryan for the Canton speech
j has been confirmed by reports from other sources.
j Whether it be dignified in a candidate for the Presi
dency to charge for addressing the people depends
i upon the kind of man who is posing as a candidate.
j It would be undignified in Admiral Dewey to charge
j for his appearance at any particular city, and it would
I be undignified for Cleveland or Harrison to seek to
j make money by such means. Bryan, however, is a
character unique in our politics. Stumping the coun
try at State fairs for coin is not undignified in him
because it comports well with all other of his per
formances. He has a right to lecture for coin and
it the people are willing to pay his price there is no
reason why he should not make a living that way.
It is a part of his habitual practice to serve the people
"for the money that is in it and not for the honor."
In his criticism of General Shaffer's conduct of
the campaign at Santiago Admiral Sampson prob
ably forgets that he had o only a long distance view
of the situation. And General Shafter adds, with a
touch of sarcasm, that in affairs warlike Admiral
Sampson has not yet won the honor of being a good
judge.
WHILE a considerable number of newspapers
/ have kept out of their columns all reports of
the brilliant successes achieved by the Mar
coni system of wireless telegraphy, it is to be noted
that the more influential journals in the East have
been superior to such petty jealousies and have given
to the work done for The Call and the Herald by
Marconi the most outspoken and cordial praise.
The Philadelphia Ledger, for example, says: "Al
though the yacht races have been inconclusive, the
Marconi system of wireless telegraphy has proved
beyond any question its practicability and value. It
has been employed under rather unfavorable condi
tions — that is to say, with the sending station on a
boat itching about in a rough sea and during foggy
weather — at all times with complete success. Not
a single hitch has occurred, and the number of mes
sages sent and received has far exceeded the ordin
ary demands upon a commercial line. The special
value of the bulletins sent from the Ponce to the
shore lines is that they record from the scene of the
race itself the events as they happen. The bulletins
sent from shore stations are unreliable estimates of
the positions of far distant yachts, which at times can
not be distinguished, and the messages sent from
other boats following the races are necessarily de
layed a long time before they reach land lines or
cables. Wireless telegraphy, therefore, has a field of
its own in reporting events at sea, and the uses of
the system are quite obvious."
The people of San Francisco have had a con
vincing proof that the estimate put upon the Mar
coni service by the Ledger, although high, is not in
any way exaggerated. The bulletins from the races
have been as full as the occasion called for, and, as
the Ledger says, they have in quantity of words ex
ceeded the ordinary demands upon a commercial
wire. Persons in this city watching The Call bulle
tins have kept pace almost with the yachts as they
sailed, the news of each incident of the race being
posted here within two or three minutes after it
occurred.
Wireless telegraphy has, in fact, been accom
plished. It cannot be ignored. Sooner or later the
very journals that now pass its marvels over without
a word of information to their readers will have to
take up the story and tell it. This yacht race will be
memorable in the history of the world, not because
of any particular distinction in itself, but because it
furnished a striking opportunity to attest to civiliza
tion the usefulness of wireless telegraphy and demon
strate its practical value not only to journalism but to
commerce.
Masterly inactivity is the official characterization
giving to the massing of troops, the shelling of ar
mored trains and the general confusion of war in
South Africa. The British press censor must be a
relative of the gentleman employed in like capacity
at Manila.
THE MISHAP TO THE SHAMROCK.
REGRET at the mishap to the Shamrock will
diminish the pleasure the American people feel
in the second victory of the Columbia. Sir
Thomas Lipton has shown himself to be so genuine
a sportsman and so thoroughly manly in all his ac
tions in connection with the race that he has won
the esteem and friendship of Americans, and in his
iii luck he has the cordial sympathy of all.
Of course the accident was one of the things the
j builders of the Shamrock should have guarded
I against. The object of the international contest is to
determine which nation can build the yachts best
fitted for ocean racing. Strength and stanchness are
qualities which in such yachts must count for as
much as speed. If in their efforts to gain a vast
spread of canvas the British overtax the strength of
the mast or other parts of their yacht they must
bear the loss. That was agreed upon at the time the
terms of the race were settled, and the rule is as fair
; for the one as the other.
That fact, however, will not in any way diminish
the regret over the accident. It is desired the races
should be free from mishaps to cither side. The
occurrence is the more regrettable because the race
in which it took place was one in which the British
have always claimed their yacht would show its best
points. If the Shamrock be beaten in the race on
Thursday she will not have another chance over a tri
angular course. Sir Thomas has not had the "Lipton
luck*' in this venture. He is a game sportsman, how
ever, and is not likely to be daunted by one disaster.
He has repeatedly said that if beaten in this match he
will come back next year with a better yacht. From
| that we may draw the conclusion he will enter the
next race with a stronger topmast, and the Ameri
can people will be glad if Iris good luck return and
give him weather which will show his gallant yacht at
i its best.
The United States officials who are now busy try
ing to explain why they permitted the Filipino fili
bustering steamer Pasig to change her name to the
Abbey might have known that some ships, like
some men,, change their names for no good purpose.
The Emperor of Germany has sent an agent to
Madrid to present the King of Spain with the decora
tion of the order of the Black Eagle. The sign of
any kind of an eagle ought to be enough to throw
King Alfonso into a fit.
It is said that several Americans prominent in pur
suits of adventure are secretly organizing at Wash
ington an expedition to enter the Transvaal. The
worthy gentlemen are probably members of some
suicide club.
In their ratification • meeting Monday night the
local Democratic nominees wisely decided to
"ratify" themselves and nothing they are supposed to
represent
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY.
PAPA'S DARLING BOY.
DEWEY AND THE PRESIDENCY.
THE newspapers throughout the country have been discussing Admiral Dewey
and the Presidency. A large number consider that it will be the part of
wisdom for the fighting sailor to steer a clear course far away from the
turbulent sea of politics. Others are of the opinion that he has had honors
in abundance, while many of them enthusiastically declare the hero of Manila
Bay to be the ideal man for the place, and that, if nominated by either party,
he would sweep the country.
Brief editorial opinions follow:
SACRAMENTO BEE.
Dewey and Schley occupy positions to-day more exalted than the Presidency.
Either would be foolish to run the risk of marring his record by such mistakes
as were made by U. S. Grant. Besides, it is very doubtful if either Dewey or
Schley would make a good President. ,
» • »
SAX JOSE HERALD.
The talk about making Dewey the Democratic candidate for President will
probably all end in talk. It is not likely that he would accept the nomination.
» « »
ARIZONA REPUBLICAN.
So far as drawing the hero of Manila into politics is concerned, the admiral
ought to be allowed to rest. He certainly has no intention of permitting the
politicians to juggle with his name.
• • •
SACRAMENTO RECORD-UNION.
All the acts and expressions of Dewey since he has come so prominently
into public life warrant the belief that he proposes to leave politics to those who
have been raised to it and have lived all their lives in a political atmosphere.
• * » \
LOS GATOS MAIL.
To accept the candidacy for the Presidency next year, no matter of which
party, would be the worst thing that could happen to "our bold sailor boy."
■•♦ , *
CHICAGO JOURNAL.
It is right for the American people to admire Dewey for his soldierly qualities
and reward him for doing his work so well. But if they are a cool-headed and
a shrewd people they will call on statesmen for statesmanship and keep their
warriors for war.
• • •
FARGO ARGUS.
If political straws show how the wind blows, and partly revealed signs of the
times indicate anything, then look out for a red-hot Democratic Dewey boom.
• • •
PITTSBURG DISPATCH.
Admiral Dewey has shown qualities of tact and judgment which might be
valuable in the White House. But the probabilities rise very nearly to the
stage of certainty that those very qualities will keep him out from between the
upper and nether millstones of politics.
* • • •
NEW WHATCOM REVEILLE.
Admiral Dewey would no doubt make a good President, but we venture the
assertion that the hero of Manila has had all the worry he wants and is receiv
ing enough glory and adulation to last him the rest of his days.
• » •
SAN JOSE MERCURY.
Dewey has nothing to gain and he has all to lose either in the Presidency or
in pursuit of it. It is to be hoped that his great common-sense, combined with
his deep patriotic sense, will give him wisdom to heed his own calm judgment
and to put aside tho temptations of scheming President-makers.
» » »
CHICAGO CHRONICLE.
If Admiral Dewey shall seek the advice of friends they will tell him that he
should hesitate seriously before determining to compromise his fame by becom
ing a political candidate.
NASHVILLE AMERICAN.
We cannot be blind to the strength of Dewey nor his eminent fitness for the
exalted office of President. But in our opinion we shall have to content ourselves
with Admiral Dewey. His candidacy for the highest oflice in the gift of the
people is impracticable.
PHILADELPHIA TIMES.
We don't believe that Admiral Dewey wants to be President; but General
Tavlor was equally averse to it, and so was General Grant, and both accepted.
If called to the Presidency he couldn't refuse it, and it nominated by either
party without a platform he would sweep the country like a hurricane.
NEW HAVEN PALLADIUM.
The Presidency is within easy reach of this splendid hero. He has but to
say the word and he will be swept into the oflice on a. swell of popular enthusiasm
and affection as resistless as the tidal waves of the West indies.
NEW YORK SUN.
Admiral Dewey's determination to be himself, which is another way of speak
ing of his resolution to remain a plain admiral, will surely be disregarded by the
political schemers, and he must be prepared to face the prospect of a bombard
ment of them, compared with which the discharge of an enemy's batteries m a
naval battle is nothing. , »?••*•
LOS ANGELES EXPRESS.
Admiral Dewey has not the training and experience for the position; neither
is he adapted for the place by temperament or education, and he could not be
elected even If he were to run, which he will not do. For Dewey to enter politics
would be the shattering of a national hero, and the result would be disastrous to
that hero's fame. ...
COLUSA SUN.
Dewey has been talked about as a candidate for the Presidency, but it is to
be hoped that he will not run. He has so far carried a level head, and has re
ceived all the honors a nation can give.
SAN D I EGAN SUN.
Admiral Dewey cannot finally and forever demonstrate the horizontallty of his
head better than by peremptorily refusing to enter into any new contest for fame
or glory or responsibility. He has done well enough. - v
PHILADELPHIA RECORD.
Let him be President if he will, but in such fashion that the Presidency shall
in no wise diminish the fame of the admiral.
SPRINGFIELD REPUBLICAN.
As Grant was after the Civil War, so Dewey Is now. The past has shown that
it is possible to persuade reticent men hitherto devoted to the art of war under
certain circumstances to consider the claims of politics.
NEW HAVEN REGISTER.
It is a comfort and a consolation to lift the hat to something real and sub
stantlal. What wonder, under the circumstances, that men should seek to u««
him in uncongenial ways and elect him President! His is the spirit and th*
courage they are unconsciously groping about for. v lue
SAVANNAH NEWS.
There Is undoubtedly a very large portion of the people who would like to see
him President because they have confidence^ his patriotism, honesty and ability.
BOSTON POST.
Whatever party might put Admiral Dewey ln nomination for the Presldencv
he would make a tremendous draft on the forces of the opposition Th* nnrJJ*
ination would be practically equivalent to an election. ' me nom
-;'■'--■- :*■■_■ •'.-.■ • -.-••■.._.-.
SPOKANE CHRONICLE.
Were it not that President McKinley is a candidate for re-election and that
he has the support of Admiral Dewey, it is possible that public sentiment miJj*
prove an irresistible force for the nomination of the admiral "*=" l ""t,ni
• * •
PORTLAND OREGONIAN.
Popular adoration of Dewey would not stop short of any honor that could h.
visited upon him consistent with our form of government; but even- mm nf\£
world knows that Dewey as a Presidential candidate is simply inconceivable
CHICAGO TRIBUNE.
Dewey, being sensible and cool-headed, will keep out of politics and will „«♦ v
tWrst Harmon? *°° &dmlral *° ma * e a bad ftesl *£§ or a short-lived one like
tne nrst iiarnson. <= use
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
PRESIDENCY— J. C, San Mateo. Cal.
It matters not what a man's religion is. if
he is a candidate for the Presidency of tha
United States. A man is not barred from
the office because of his religion.
MINNIE MORRELL— B. T., City. If
this correspondent will give some idea
concerning when the wreck asked about
took place and will name what part of the
world, this department will look up the
data
ORDERLY— G. E. M.. City. To ascer
tain if a certain individual was acting a3
orderly to General Wheeler during the
Cuban campaign, address a communica
tion of inquiry to the War Department,
Washington. D. C.
NICARAGUA CANAL— C. D. City. In
the periodical room of the Free Public
Library there is a catalogue of literature
in which you will find indexed a number
of articles on the Nicaragua canal, for
and against.
Look out for 81 Fourth st. Nr. 5c barber
or grocer. Best eyeglasses 10c and 40c. •
Every traveler ought to see Townsend's
display of California glace fruits, 50c lb, in
fire-etched boxes. 627 Mrkt., Palace Hotel.*
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
Yesterday's Insolvent.
Tito Martin Lash, manufacturing drug
gist, Sacramento; liabilities, $5324 84; no
assets.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays pain, cures Wind Colic, regu
lates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup, 23c a bottle.
■ *_* »
The Island Wall Map of the
United States
Is the best offered to the public It ls very
large and specially adapted to school pur
poses. Every teacher of geography and every
business office should have one. It will be sent
post paid to any address on receipt of fifteen
cents in postage stamps or coins. Address John
Sebastian. G. P. A.. Chicago. 111.
The Rock Island Playing Cards are the slick
est you ever handled. One pack will be sent
by mall on receipt of 17 cents ln stamps. A
money order or draft for 50 cents or same In
stamps will secure 4 packs, and they will be
sent by express, charges prepaid. Address
John Sebastian, G. P. A., C. R. I. & P.,
Chicago.
HOTEL DEL CORONADO— advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship. including fifteen days' board at ho
tel; longer stay, $2 50 per day. Apply at 4 New
Montgomery street. Pan Fiancisco.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce have been granted
Ida May Creighton from William D.
Creighton on the ground of cruelty, Marie
Bauman from Michael Bauman on the
ground of cruelty, and Minnie C. Mala
testa from Henry R. Malatesta on the
ground of willful neglect. Mamie E. James
has sued Charles T. James for a divorce,
alleging intemperance as cause of action.
Eliza L. Jones asks for a divorce from
George E. Jones on the ground of failure
to provide.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
11l ' !!!■ I W— H- 111 ■ lII— |||«
The Best Food
for Infants
Nature planned that infants
should have only milk for at
least the first year of life. But
thin milk, skimmed milk, will
no* nourish. It's the milk that
is rich in cream, or fat, that
does the work. This is be-
cause fat is positively neces-
sary for the growing "body.
Scoffs Emulsion
contains the best fat, in the
form of Cod-Liver Oil, for all
delicate children.
They thrive greatly under its use.
Soon they weigh more, eat more,
play better and look better. It's just
the right addition to their regular
food. The hypophesphites cflime
and soda in it are necessary to the
growth and formation of bone and
teeth.
oJ^n^ 1 ? U *"»«* ; coc. and f i.oa.
SCOTT & BOWNE, Chemists, New York.ADVERTISEMENTS.
1843 1899
1.0.0. F.
GOLDEN JUBILEE
CELEBRATION
GRAND PARADE
:
THURSDAY, October 19th, 1899.
Route of Procession.
From Odd Fellows' Hall on Market nt to
Montgomery, to Bush, to Kearny, to Market,
to Van Ness aye.. to Ellis; countermarching
on \ an Ness aye. to Oak tt.. parsing ln review
en \an Ness av<\, between Oak and Foil.
a'ter which the parade will be dismissed.
TIME OF STARTING.
The parade will move promptly at 11 a. m.
without fail upon the firing of a gun.
INSTRUCTIONS.
All organizations must be In th»!r respective
positions at 10:30 a. m. ready to move. All
orKanlzatlors must avoid Market st. while en
route to tbe point of formation; they must
approach the place ot f or tlcn at least .no
book from tho rear and upon the dismissal of
the parade will avoid marching on Market St..
All lr.vited guests will report at the Recep-
tion Committee's booth, Mechanics' Pavilion,
at 50 a. m. All of the ordeis Issued in cir-
cular form on October 9 by the Grand Marshal
b-.ii Barade Committee must be strictiy obeyed.
All Grand Officers and Past Grand Officers
will report at Odd Fellows' Hall, room 1, at 10
a. m.
Formation, of Procession.
Divisions will f->rm in the following order:
The escort will form on City Hall square.
with the riKht resting on Market at. on the
east side of the square.
FIRST DIVISION— South s'de of City Halt
aye.. extending out Orove St., right resting on
City Hall [uare
SECOND DIVISION— East side of Eighth St..
right resting on Market.
THIRD DIVISION— South side of McAllister
ft , rieht restlr.s at Junction ot McAllister and
Market.
FOI'RTH DIVISION— West side Of Jones St..
r.'Kht resting i-n McAllister.
FIFTH DIVISION— South side of Golden
Gate aye.. west of Jones st., right resting on
Jcr.es.
SIXTH DIVISION— North side of Golden
Gate aye., west of Jones St., right resting on
Jones.
SFVENTH DIVISION— Both sides of Golden
Gate aye.. east of Jones st., the right on south
side of Golden Gate, resting on Jones.
EIGHTH DIVISION— East side of Seventh
et., right resting en Market.
NINTH DIVISION— West side of Seventh St..
right resting nn Market.
TENTH DIVISION— side of Mission
et., right resting on Seventh.
REGALIA OF MARSHALS AND AIDS.
Grand Marshal— Gold Rlbb Badge.
Chief of Staff— Royal Purple Sash.
Marshals of Divisions Pink Sash.
Aids to Division Marshal— Blue Sash.
Aids to Grand Marshal — Scarlet Sash.
Rebekah Aids— White Riding Habit; Pink and
Green Bow.
UNASSIONED ODD FELLOWS
Will assemble at Mechanics' Pavilion, center
of main floor, and form as per order No. 30.
See Grand Marshal circular.
Order of Procession.
Platoon of Police.
I. O. O. F. Band.
Grand Marshal— M. E.-tee.
Chief of Staff— Joseph H. Scott.
Aids to Grand Marshal:
Toseph Wlnterburn !L. G. Sresovlch
John R. Aiken j George W. Keeler
E. J. Vogel ! Hen-. Mayer
M. 3. Jeffei Jr. J. F. Anderson,
Julius Godeau W. B. Thurman
T. P. Jdrvls A. Morris
J. T. McGhee J. Riston
Otto Grunsky S. T. Henderson
Louis Dowton A E. Chlpperfleld
M. D. Meyer ! Thos. T. B. W. Inland
George A. Caah I David N. Martin •
Guy H. Chick J James A. Wilson . .
J. R Johnson J. C. F. Corbett
Charles Stelnfela W. T. Lavton
James D. •.alley I Clark C. Bradford
Thomas W. Fisher J. D. ran
B. Schwarz I. 1.. Solomon
S. Reger.sburgcr ; R. W. Wilson
John Conklin IM. S. Jeff
T. W. Dennis E. J. Schneider
H. Barthold Georce 11. Clark
D. Reise ;E. W. Copsey
William Isham M. R. Doollttle
Benjamin Duncan I
Executive Committee Golden Jubilee. I. O. O. F.
Parade Committee Golden Jubilee, I. O. O. F.
Escort.
Patriarchs Militant Band of Sacramento, D. F.
Rerdon's Drum Corps.
General C. ''■ Sherman.
Chief of Staff, Colonel J. W. Harris.
Brigade Staff.
Ppst Generals.
Colonel W. H. Sherburn, Commanding First
Regiment.
Canton Sacramento No. 1, ("aptaln W. E.
Bowman.
Canton Stockton No. 13. Captain Wm. Bruce.
Canton Red Bluff No. S, I apt C. N. Martin.
Colonel H. O. Brower. Commanding Second
Regiment.
Canton San Francisco No. 5, Captain N. E.
Flint.
Canton San Jose No. 9, Captain F. K. Earthell.
Canton Oakland No. 11 Captain C. H. Cole.
Canton Santa Rosa No. 23, Capi R. J. Pyle.
Stockton Rehekah Ladles' Drill Corps No. 1.
t'aptalr. Emma Lambert.
Fan Franclsco Rebekah Ladies' Drill Corps No.
2. Captain Allie En-,
Ban J(-se Rebekah Ladies' Drill Corps No. 2.
FIRST DIVISION.
Division Marshal, Captain S. M. Thomson.
Aids— Geo. L. Perham. A. P. Black.
Seoond Artillery Regiment Band.
Rebekah Aids.
Mrs M Reed Miss A. Italic
Mrs. Frederickaon ; Mlbs 1' Steffln
Mrs. Jesson Miss M. i .loan
Mrs. Julia Due Mrs. S. Stone
Mrs. M. GasovSa 'Mrs. M. J. Ewen
Miss Alice Willis Miss <:. Parker
Miss Tepper :Miss Emma Dobie
Mrs. C. Webb iMlss A. Bradford
Miss J. Oombatalaede 'Miss Ruby Jewell
Miss M. Seymour Mrs. Mc<'lean
Mrs. M. Hohmyer I Miss F. Sperry
Mm. C. McAllister I Miss M. McVltter
Float— Orphan's Home. I. O. O. F., Gllroy,
California.
Trustees of the bans' Home,
Rcbeknb lodges Of San Francisoo.
California Rebekah No. 1.
Templar Rebekah No. 19.
Templar Float.
Oriental Rebekah No. 80.
Oriental El at.
Walhalla Rebekah No. 130.
Amity Rebekah No. 161.
Loyal Rebekah No. 215.
Mission Rebekah No. 225.
LODGES FROM OTHER COUNTIES.
Elder Glenn Rebekah No. 6. Contra Costa.
Rising Star Rehekah No. 8, Sacramento.
Elmwood Rebekah No. 13. San Mateo.
Isabella Rebekah No. 17. Santa Cruz.
Ivy Rebekah No. 23. Napa.
Fidelity Rebekah No. 29. Holllster.
Germania Rebekah No. 31, Sacramento.
Helena R»bckah No. 34, Red Bluff.
Western star Rebekah No. 39. Visalia.
Float— Rebekah at tbe Well.
SECOND DIVISION.
Division Marshal. Thomas P. Woodward.
Aids— H. D. Seville. J, W. Nash. '/,':
Golden Gate Military Band.
ALAMEDA COUNTY REBEKAH LODGES.
Fair Oak Rebekah No. 4.
Absil Ivlndia Rebekah No. IL
Brooklyn Rebekah No. 12.
Oakland Rebekah No. 10
Haywards Rebekah No. 2..
Athens Rebekah No. 51.
Golden Link Rebekah No. 105.
Alameda Rebekah No. 107.
Sunset Rebekah No. 10S.
Alvarado Rebekah No. 142.
Concordia Rebekah No. 152.
Livermore Rebekah No. ICt.
Aureola Rebekah No. 167.
Pleasanton Rebekah No. 19*?.
BANTA CLARA COUNTY REBEKAH
LODGES.
Josephine Rebekah No. 14.
Stella Rebekah No. 22.
Clara Rebekah No. 34.
Hermanla Hebekah No. 49.
LODGES FROM OTHER COUNTIES.
Lebanon Rebekah No. 41, Stockton.
Oakleaf Rebekah No. 74, Santa Rosa.
Helta Rebekah No. So, Benicia.
Silver Spray Rebekah No. N, I'etaluma,
Ms In na Rebekah No. BS, St. Helena.
Gem of the Valley Rebekah No. 95, Cloverdale.
Rainbow Rebekah No. 97, Stockton.
Verdant Rebekah No. 99, Sonoma.
Social Rebekah No. 101, Solano.
Mlzpah liehekah No. 102, Antloch.
Golden Star Rebeknh No. 112, San Rafael.
Fresno Rebek:ih No. 158, Fresno.
Madera Rebekah No. lit, Madera.
IN ASSIGNED REBEKAHS.
Veteran Rebekah Association of California,
Past Presidents' Rebekah Assembly.
Rebekah Assembly Officers.
THIRD DIVISION.
Division Marshal— R. L. Anderson.
Aids— Thomas P. Upton, L. W. Warren.
1.. yon der Mehden's Band.
Subordinate Lodges of San Franclaco.
First Section— District No. 1.
California No. I— The Goat, led by D. T. Van
Orden. P. a_>
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ban Franclsco No. 3.
Templar No. IT.
Magnolia No. 29.
Float— District No. I— Fraternity.
District No. 2.
Harmony No. 13, Germania No. 118,
Concordia No. 122, Hermann No. 145,
Franco-American No. 207.
Second Section.
The Tanks' Military Band.
Verba Buena No. 15.
Bay City No. 71.
Abou Ben Adhem No. 112.
Apollo No. 123.
Float Apollo.
Parker No. 124. Spartan No. 125,
Unity No. 135.
Float.
San Francisco's Welcome to tba Odd Fellows.
FOURTH DIVISION.
Division Marshal— G. W. Leek.
Aids— M. P. Forbes, W. J. Hazlett.
First Section.
Slchel's Band.
Lans worth No. 95.
Float— The routh of Lansworth Lodge.
Pacific L.od(?e No. 155.
Ophir Lodge No. 171.
Occidental Lodge No. 179.
Cosmopolitan Lodge No. 134.
Golden Gate Lodge.
Alta Lodge No. -05.
Second Section.
H. L. Whitehead - .- Drum and Fife Corps.
Fidelity No. 222— Float, Fidelity.
Morse No. 2.'.7.
Western Addition No. 285.
Kxcelsior Iso. 310.
Golden West No. 322.
Presidio No. 331.
Sargent No. SCS.
Employment Bureau.
Float.
Th? Relief Committee of San Franclsco.
Veteran Odd Feiious of San Franclsco.
Henry T. Gage, Governor of California,
Governor's Staff.
State Officers.
I Jamas D. Pheian, Mayor of San Francisco.
Municipal Officers of San Francisco.
FIFTH DIVISION.
Division Marshal, Webb M. Pearce.
Aids-John Mitchell, Theo. Gier.
Fifth Regiment Bund of Alameda County.
Subordinate Lodges of Alameda County.
Columbia No. 10, Mission Peak No. 114,
lit -ker No. 49. Oakland No. 118.
Ousade No. S3, Sycamore No. 129,
University No. 144, Knclnal No. 164,
Orion No. ISO. fountain No. 198.
Liver: No. 219. San Leandro No. 231,
Harbor No. 2".3. Pleasanton No. 235,
Evening Star No. 253. Berkeley No. 270, .
Porter No. 272. Enterprise No 295,
Vorwuerts No. 313, Mies No. 252,
Elmhurst No. SS4.
Float.
SIXTH DIVISION.
Marshal, 1., W. Starr.
Aids— W. E. Combs. J. W. Riddle.
Marine Band of Santa Clara County.
Observatory No. 23. San Jose No. 34,
Morning Light No. 42. Santa Clara No. 52
Garden City No. 142. Gilroy No. 154,
Alemanla No. ITS, Mayfleld No. 192.
! True Fellowship No. 235, Franco-Italian No.
242,
Mountain View No. 214, Rldgley No. 294.
Scandla No. 27,7.
Odd Fellows' 11 me, Thermalito. Cal.
Trustees Odd Fellows' Home.
SEVENTH DIVISION.
Division Marshal. R. A. Pickett.
Aids— J. Walter. Frank M. Denio.
U. S. Receiving Ship Independence Band.
Subordinate Lodges of Solano County.
Solano No. 22, San Pal ! 1 No. 43,
Suisun No. 7:. Vaca\ lile No. 83.
Montezuma No. 172. Rio Vista No. 180.
Elmira No. 214. Golden State No. 214,
Birds Landing No. 284.
Sonoma County Delegation,
Siskiyou County Delegation.
Placer County Delegation.
Glenn County Delegation.
Marin County Delegation.
Amador County Delegation.
Float.
The Covenant Between Jonathan and David, j
EIGHTH DIVISION.
Division Marshal, Thns. Cunningham.
Aids— L A. Gremore. J. S. Bailey.
Pacific Military Band.
Subordinate Ledges of San Joaquin County. ,
Charity No. (>. Stockton No. 11.
Truth No. 65, Mount Horeb No. 58.
Jefferson No. 98. Sclo No. 102.
Progressive No. 134, Sumner No. 177.
I. I! No. 259. Farmington No. 296.
Clements No. 355.
Subordinate Lodges of Sacramento County.
Sacramento No. 2. Eureka No. _.
El Dorado No. 8, Ora tie No. 62.
Capital No. 87. Schiller No. 105.
Industrial No. 157, Phoenix No. 239.
Elk Grove No. 274, Florin No. 364.
NINTH DIVISION.
Division Marshal, Thos. Lewis.
Aids— John F. Jennings. Elwood Bruner.
Fresno Raisin City Band.
Subordinate Lodges of Fresno and Madera Co. I
Fresno No. 186, Orangedale No. 211.
Selma No. 309, Madera No. 327.
Central California No. 343. Fowler No. 363.
Mount Campbell No. 374, Sanger No. 375.
Lodges from different parts of State—
10 24 44, 61. 66, 85. 111. 113. 117. 121. 133.
149. 153. 159. 16S, 191. 192, 202, 211. 227 241 247.
265j 266. 290, 305, 307, 308, 314, 328. 343, 378. 386.
TENTH DIVISION.
Unaligned Members of Subordinate Lodges.
Division Marshal— C. F. O'Niel.
Aids— C. V.'. Smith. R. W. Jones.
Park Band.
Encampments of Ban Franclaco.
Golden Gate No. i. Walhalla No. 7, Wildey
No. 23. Unity No. 26, Oriental No. 57.
Encampments of other .ties.
Sunset No. 25. Golden Rule No. 34. Oakland
No C 4 Santa Clara No. 32. San Jose No. 35.
Mount Morlah No. 33. Parker No. 3, Stracey
No 49 Pacific No. 2, Folsom No, 24, Occiden-
tal No. 42. Gait No. 65 Selma No. 76, Fresno
No. 7s. Pacheco No. 50.
Delegations from Nos. 11. 12. 36. ssigned en-
campment • ■ ibers.
Float— The Trial of Abraham's Faith.
Grand Encampment of California.
Past Grand Patriarch. I. O. O. F., California.
Grand Encampment 'fleers, I. O. O. F., Cal.
Past Grand Representatives, I. O. O. F.. Cal.
Past Grand Masters, 1. O. O. F., California.
Grand Lodge Officers, I. O. O. F., California.
MORRIS M. ESTEE, Grand Marshal.
JOS. 11. SCOTT. Chief of Staff.
Parade Committee.
Frank D. Worth, Chairman.
Charles A. Wisewell, Secretary.
George W. Wlmroer. F. W. Thompson, W.
W. Watson. Louis B. Hetty. A. J. Duncan.
r F0!l TORPID LIVER Jg
| TAKE Dr.CC.
I^tKl TORPID LIVER TB
j TAKE Dr.C.C.
jf p. ™THE BEST OF ALL^^I I i
For Biliousness SLIa
Dyspepsia and all *M
a Stomach Disorders p§
■LALI .THE LEAPING DRUCCiSTS. JI
Zvisjt DR. JORDAN'S great!
#huseuei of ANATOMY*
A Cfc 1051 ST. tet. £±47ti. BJ.Cfcl A
\ Sf The Largest Anatomical Museum In the \
A ijeetffcw W'otld. V\ eaknestes or any contracted A
J^ Sitlw dtse*ne priidvrlymred hy the oldest v
Q fjEjMgla Specialist < a the Coast EsL36yeart- Q
i flflfi 03. JQRDAK-PRIVATE DISEASES*}
. m ami Conjuration free and strictly private. \
Ml fAfj[n Tr« itment personally or by lettrr. _. M
\C W X,i V* ra, ' ile Cure in every case undertaken. 7
mil M Write for Book. pnii.esoi'HVcii
II 11 ■A.nmACiK. MAILED FREB. <AF
A ii il- valuable book for mm) \
f DU. JORDAN' A TO., 1051 Market St.. S.F. V
gft§ Ohlelioatci's Ea£l!a3i Dteaond Brsafl, "- _
ERHYROYAL FOLLi ,
ENNYROYAL PBLLS
tr _f-^S^y Original and Only Genuine. A
> ./ TtVA f*''' •^*"s reliable, isoirr. tit ___\\_\
_t_____l\jtr£_l\i__ ""*"'" for ChUAetttr't fv/'.;, r.'.g.JGIW ■
tT^— V W_v\ m n ' Brand In Ked and tiold njetallle vtffy
& — CvgjQSoieo, tailed srlta b:r.: ribbon. 'ißkeVy I
' <?J *^ 15S no ethor. ru/u„ _tt_n s e-oi.t nibcHtu- V
I I ~ fir lient Im.tatli nt. At Droggl«ii,or«ena«a.
t, Jy In itiHirei for rirtlonlcini, twllmonlalj end ;
Itr fa *»'-»»• "or l.adios." In letur, by rotas*
••^__^.£r Ma«. JO.OOr.T.rtuM;,. £, f',tptr.
--x 7^rClhl<>*^JcrCicialealCo.,MndfsMmt>qoor%
Ofa by HI tocai Ortyjglttj. PIIIL\!»aL !\?
. j
Ni^J^U ELECTRIC BELTS, j
y^Ei^V«^srs*Jß^SK i ' rIl '<?s from fl 30 to
4JPVVr^fVV'^V7^sft F s ' Largest manu-
BS&J^- 0 y^r^m fnctu *"s In the Unl-
tecl States. NoQuacks
connected with this j
ty}v\ffiKik<jP^^->y*v establishment.
'< * '• r For particulars i
TAJP^- call or send 2c In
■'jY* stamps for "Booklet
No. 2." Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market St.,
Opposite Palace Hotel, 8. F.
ISai^raSSsToFpED free "
• _m' Hi 4 V Pcrrr.arentiy Curstf
W al Y& insanity Prevented by
' £ ! m mm * R - KLINE'S GREAT
r ■ ■ V gERVE RESTORER
■ VadtirtOTir. tor *\\ Ktrmm* IHnatu, Pitt, hptttptj,
Bpctn^andSt. turn* Dance. ritt or NerronasMS
in«r Dratdar'aaae. Treatise and $8 trial bottle
free *• Tit tatltsta, they pa/miteiiireia ctargraoolr
'when received. Sad M 9t. Kline, Ltd, Bellevne
Institute of Medicine. Wl Jrch St., Philadelphia. Pa.
, »ji . i .. ■ i i ' ■ ■■> 1
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 18. 1899.
SWINGING INTO LINE
FOR HON. HORACE DAVIS
Republican Committee Organize
for Immediate Work.
Movement in Assembly Districts for Davis
and Good Government— Pheian and
McNab Alarmed.
£____jHE new executive committee of the
Republican County Committee, Al
fred Bouvler chairman, met at the
L History buildins last night and
adopted a plan of campaign. Per
manent organization at the ™ }"™
was effected without delay. The chair
man and secretary of the County Com
mittee were chosen as such oflicers of the
executive body. Max Goldberg was elect
ed vice chairman and will preside when
Mr. Bouvler cannot be* on deck.
A proposition presented by Alex Tru
man to create a campaign committee of
seven members elicited discussion. Mr.
McCarthy desired that the duties of the
campaign committee fhould be clearly de
fined at the outset so that no clash should
occur later on.
Mr. Truman understood that it would
he the duty of the campaign committee
to provide * for meetings in the various
Assembly districts, to see that halls wore
engaged, bands hired, speakers secured
and proper announcement be given of the
meetings. In this work committeemen
representing the Assembly districts should
of course lend a helping hand. Mr. Tru
man referred to the necessity of present
ing plain facts to the people. Mention
was made that Mayor Phelan was patting
himself on the breast and claiming the
credit for the reform work accomplished
by Supervisors Dr. Perrault, John Lack-
I mann and Albert I lever.
Mr. McCarthy feared that the campaign
I committee might usurp the powers and
! privileges of the district committeemen,
j ills apprehension of danger in this re
! gard was removed when lt was resolved
that the chairman and secretary of the
executive body should be ex-offlclo mem
bers of the campaign committee, and that
there should be weekly meetings of the
committee throughout the campaign.
Max Goldberg Insisted tliat there should
be a committee clothed with authority to
; act and to be accountable to the general
bod} for the engagement of halls, the
hiring of bands and the disbursement of
money for the expenses of the various
j meetings. Mr. Goldberg advocated a vig
j orous campaign. He was encouraged by
I the report of Republican unity and the
evidences of Republican enthusiasm, but
recognized the necessity for active work
In each of the Assembly districts. He
| contended that certain powers should be
delegated to the campaign committee,
j and that the committeemen in the respec
i tive Assembly districts should co-operate
i with the campaign committee to bring out
'. tho voters to attend the meetings.
Alex Truman's motion that the chair
I appoint a campaign committee of seven
I prevailed. Later in the evening Chair
man Bouvler named the following to com
pose the committee:
Alex. Truman,
J. R. Hillman,
H. C. Henderson,
A. J. Martin,
L. A. Rea,
I. Ascherm,
J. R. McNamara,
The subject of securing quarters sepa
rate from the headquarters of the Horace
Davis Central Club was discussed. A. J.
Martin moved that a committee of three
be appointed to engage suitable rooms,
but withdrew the motion in favor of a
suggestion made by Mr. Brandt that the
chairman be authorized to select the quar
ters. Mr. Bouvler spoko of desirable
rooms in the Baldwin Annex, already fur
nished.
Alter effecting permanent organization
1 the committee went into executive ses
sion to discuss detailed plans for conduct
ing the campaign to a victorious finish..
Reports were submitted showing that
many prominent citizens of Republican
faith who had given their support to
Mayor Phelan in two contests were now
using their energies and Influence to se
cure tlie ''■■■■ '."ii of Horace Davis.
From every district of the city word
comes that the old-line Democrats who
were excluded from a voice in party
councils by Phelan and McNab
have resolved to withhold their
' support from the nominees of the McNab
convention, The Committee of One Hun
dred will be asked to get its votes from
the source where it derived authority to
manage the party— the Democratic
State Central Committee.
The Republican leaders are now con
vinced that Horace Davis will be elected.
He will be elected by a large majority of
the Republicans who supported Phelan
last November and who will return to
their party fold. Pheian's success last
-nil. or was obtained by the knifing of
Judge Maguire Phelan Democrats voted
for Gage in return for Republican votes
for Phelan, and so it happened that Pat
ton '.■! Maguire were slaughtered. Spe
cial precautions will be taken to prevent
such knifing tactics at the next election.
McNab Democrats v.ill vote for Phelan.
the free silver or Bryan Democrats will
vote for the ticket of the People's party
if the candidate for Mayor thereon is not
objectionable, and the Republicans will
vote for Horace Davis and the entire Re
publican ticket.
After the adjournment of the executive
session hist night Alfred Bouvler an
nounced the appointment of A. W. Branch
os assistant secretary of the County Com
mittee. Mr. Branch, who has had expe
rience in campaigns with the Republican
State Central Committee, will enter at
once upon the discharge of his duties.
The Republican nominees have been in
vited to meet the executive committed nt
j the County Committee headquarters 723
Market street, tonight at 8 o'clock", to
! confer with that body on campaign ques
i tions.
DISTRICT DEMOCRATS.
Municipal Nominees Plead in
California Hall for Elec
tion.
The district campaign of the local De
mocracy began last night with a mass
meeting for the Forty-third District Club
ln California Hall. It was long after 8
o'clock before the crowd was sufficiently
large to warrant calling the meeting to
order. The chairman, P. 11. McCarthy,
then called attention to previous local
Democratic victories and drew from them
an inspiration and a hope for another.
With this dubious encouragement Etnli
Pohll, one of the Democratic nominees for
Supervisors, was introduced. He spoke
thoughtfully of the duties of a Supervisor
under the charter and pledged his hearers
in the event of his election to fulfill every
duty honestly, thoroughly and with unre
mitting energy. Equality of rights with
out distinction of class will be his princi
ple of official action, he said, as a Super
visor. Ho was heartily cheered and gave
place to Mayor Phelan.
The Mayor was received with three
cheers and a tiger. He spoke briefly upon
practically the same lines as on Monday
night. His only important digression was
a discussion of what now appears to be to
him a bugbear— national politics. Ills
Honor indicates very clearly that he has
not only involved himself in Inconsisten
cies, but has seriously offended members
of hLs own party. If they are Democrats
and believe ln national Democratic prin
ciples and Issues, then he ls not, believing
and advocating only local principles. So
his Honor strove last night to show that
he Is a Democrat no less than a "charter
lst."
He Insisted that the local Democracy Is
in close sympathy to the people; the Re
publican party antagonistic to and fearful
of the people. According to the campaign
logic of his Honor the Democracy has
given us the primary law and the charter
and by right of reward and superior
knowledge is entitled to the Initial admin
istration of city affairs under the charter.
In municipal policy he claimed the De
mocracy is the party of progress, pledged
to permanent and liberal public improve
ments that shall not be delayed. The De
mocracy, he insists, has shown Its fairness
and its purpose to inaugurate a local gov
ernment that shall not be partisan, that
shall take forever from partisan politics
the employes of local departments. He
therefore asked the votes of his hearers
and begged them to go to bed early the
night before election and get up early, be
cause the day is not a legal holiday.
Again he was cheered and gave place to
Dennis Geary, who promised all sorts of
things in the event of his election. The
Mayor is still insisting upon a straight
ticket and it must have been some satis
faction to him last night to see that As
sessor Dodge has seen the error of his
ways and ha 3 been reconciled to his own
reproachful designation of "Knownoth-
Ing" in straight voting.
Ho was positive last night that the
straight Democratic must be voted. His
change of heart came in a night. He had
his charts with him again last night and
it begins to look as if hundreds of inno
cent people are going to be inflicted with
the long story or Assessor Dodge's good
ness as related by Assessor Dodge.
During his . address Assessor Dodge
asked his hearers to believe that he is '
being bitterly opposed by tho capitalistic
class, which, he said, he is forcing to pay
taxes hitherto escaped. "As an instance
of this." the speaker continued, "I will
mention the opposition of The Call to me.
I am opposed by that paper because I
have increased the assessable valuation
of the property of its proprietor by
$600,000."
After he had concluded his address
Assessor Dodge asked the representative
of The Call at the meeting to make no
mention of his remark. "I became ex
cited," he declared, "and did not intend
to say what 1 did. I am sorry I spoke so."
Jeremiah Deasy followed the Assessor
and told briefly and plainly that if elected
Sheriff he will be true to that trust which
makes him the guardian of the interests
of the living, which demand equal justice
for rich and poor. Patrick Boland fol
lowed and promised that if elected Public
Administrator he will be true to the more
sacred trust, the trust to the dead, who
have lost the power to defend themselves
and must rely upon the honor of him Into
whose hands their affairs have passed. '
Most of the other Democratic nominees
followed with short addresses. George
Cabaniss, Edmor.d Godchaux, James P.
Booth, J. F. Dwver, A. B. Maguire, P. J.
Curtis, Osgood Putnam and Franklin K.
Lane spoke upon the Issues of the munici
pal campaign, and the assembly adjourned
with three cheers for the ticket.
A REPUBLICAN RALLY.
A large and enthusiastic meeting ot the
Thirty-fourth Assembly District Repub
lican Club was held Monday evening at
Mission Native Sons' Hall on Seventeenth
street. Permanent organization was ef
fected, Clifford MeClellan being elected
president and Edward W. Close secretary.
Eloquent addresses were delivered by
Senator F. W. Burnett. R. B. MeClellan.
George Dietterle and others In support of
the nominees of the Republican party
amid great enthusiasm.
The following resolution was unani
mously adopted:
Be it resoved. That this club do hereDy
indorse the nominees of the Republican
party now before the people for the com
ing municipal election in this city.
The club quartet rendered several plead
ing campaign songs, which met with de
mands for more, and which were grace
fully given. A meeting will be held next
Monday evening at the same hall.
YOUNG REPUBLICANS.
The Young Men's Republican Club was
organized last evening at 7S Shipley street.
After numerous speeches and a good timo
socially the following named officers Were
elected: President, J. lieno; vice presi
dent, George Green; sergeant at arms,
Terrence McCabe; secretary, Horatio
Waterhouse. Fifty citizens signed the
roll and several stirring speeches were
made and S. M. Godsell and Charles Box
ton were cheered to the echo. The presi
dent Informed the members that there
would be an array of speakers at the next
meeting.
NATHAN BIBO CLUB.
The Nathan Bibo Club has secured !
headquarters with Scott & Harris, 18 Post :
street. Mr. Bibo's campaign for Super- !
visor will be conducted in a lively man
ner. His friends will be welcomed at
headquarters.
CONFIDENT REPUBLICANS.
Five hundred members of the different
Republican clubs of the Thirty-fifth Dis
trict assembled at 3296 Mission street last
evening and organized a joint club for the
purpose of taking an active port in the
coining election. It will be known as the
"Horace Davis Republican Club." W. F.
Warren and E. H. Herrick were elected
president and secretary respectively.
Meetings are to be held every evening in
different parts of the district. Last even
ing ex-Senator T. C. Maher and .Tud.-,e
Scnell were present and addressed the
assemblage.
, ♦
REPUBLICANS LINED UP
The Thirty-ninth Assembly District
Club has opened headquarters at 407 Hyde
street for the campaign. The head
quarters will not close, day or night, until
the day of election. This district is the
banner Republican district of the city and
it may be an assured fact that Hon.
Horace Davis and the nominees on the
ticket with him will get a rousing ma
jority from the Thirty-ninth. With such
stanch workers as Thomas H. McCarthy,
the president of the club; Frank 1).
Worth, A. A. I.otiderback, Amos Currier
and others there will be shoulder-striking
hits for good government in that club.
_m
Iroquois Campaign Committee, j
The campaign committee of the Iroquois
Club met last night at the rooms of the
Democratic County Committee and de
cided to hold foiur mass meetings in dif
ferent sections of the city during the
campaign. The first meeting will be held in
the Mission, the time and place to be defi
nitely announced at the next meeting of
the committee^
Democratic Club Meetings
The Twenty-eighth Assembly District
Democratic Club will hold a meeting to
night nt Armory Hall, corner of Second i
and Folsom streets.
The Democratic Central Club will meet '
next Monday night at Pythian Castle, 909 i
Market street.
ST. AGNES BAZAAR
A GREAT ATTRACTION
There was a large attendance at
the St. Agnes Church bazaar ln
Pioneer Hall last evening. The booths,
prettily decorated by fair hands, were
well patronized. An excellent musical
and literary programme was rendered
during the evening. Judging by last
night.* attendance the bazaar will prove
a financial success. Following are the
booths and the ladies having them In
charge:
St. Agnes Booth— Mrs. William Cronan, as
sisted by Mrs. J O. Spencer, the Misses Riley,
Mrs. B. Griffin, Mrs. Joseph Budde. Mrs. J. J.
Whelln and the Misses Conahan.
St. Joseph Booth— J. ii. Gill and Mrs.
P. A. McDonald, assisted by Mesdames J. Ham
mond, J. J. McCarthy, Armendarlz, J. .1. Ler
men. P. F. Kingston. J. Ryan, H. B. McAvoy,
A. Clarke and Misses Emma Fiesel, Murtha
and M. McDonald.
Sacred Heart Booth— Mrs. P. J. Harney, as
sisted by Mesdames S. McFadden, .lohn J.
O'Brien, Tadich, A. Martin, McKinnon, M. R.
Kavanaugh and the Misses Lynch and S. Mc-
Closkey.
Mark West Springs Booth— Mrs. James B.
Smith, assisted by Mesdames B. A. Worthing
ton. P. Mahoney, J. Moore, 11. Smith. A. J.
Smith, Miss Kate O'Brien, the Misses Burns.
St. Anthony Booth— Mrs. F. Reardon. as
sisted l.v Mrs. T. R. Carew. Miss S. Quigley,
the Misses Gallegos, Mrs. J. Bevans, the Misses
Schrlcke, Mrs. S. Warren. Miss Kitty Holden.
St. Phllln Neri Booth— W. 3. Ruddlck.
assisted by Mesdames E. May, James McGuire.
R. English and G. McEnerney.
St. Cecelia Booth— Mrs. T. Beckley. assisted
by Miss K. Donovan, Mesdames H. Hughes, L.
Holz. J. J O'Brien, William Egan, J. G.
Noonan, G. McGrorey, L. Murphy, A. Horgan,
Miss L. Doyle.
St. Dominie Booth— Mrs. J. H. Sheehan. as
sisted by Mesdames E. J. Duffy, L. F. Walsh,
J. McGeough, M. Hogan, William Hannigan,
the Misses Devlin and M. Gallagher.
Flower Booth— Misses Macrena Power. Eve
lyn Drady. Nellie Casey, Ella McGrath, Josie
Coakley, Florence Nagle. Nellie Reilly.
Candy and Ice Cream— Misses McDermott.
Bumstead, Supple, Harris.
Committee in charge of fair— Major P. J-
Harney, W. J. Ruddlck. J. J. McCarthy, E. J.
DufTv, Joseph E. O'Donnell, R. English.
The various booths present an attrac
tive appearance and many valuable arti
cles are being raffled or may be pur
chased outright. Among the articles is
a fine piano, a $35 imported bonnet, a tap
estry painting by Miss Marie Devlin, a
silver tea set, a gold watch and others
too numerous to mention.
Tho contest for the most popular child,
for which a beautiful doll is offered, Is
attracting great interest. Marguerite
Kingston was in the lead last night with
sixty votes to her credit.
The ladle? of the flower booth enter
tained the visitors last night with the fol
lowing programme:
Piano solo. "William Rave: recitation.
Miss Tina Daly; vocal solo, Charles
Drady.
To-night the candy and ice cream booth
will be "at home" and a fine musical pro
gramme will be presented.
NEW OPERA WILL BE
PRODUCED NEXT WEEK
"THE CONSPIRATORS" WILL BE
PUT ON BY MOROSCO.
Music by H. J. Stewart and Libretto
by Clay M. — Favorable
Opinions Expressed by
the Critics.
On Monday evening next an entirely
original comic opera, "The Conspirat
ors," will be produced by the Morosco
Opera Company at the Grand Opera
house. The music has been composed by
IT. J. Stewart and the libretto is the
work of the well-known playwright, Clay
M. Greene. It will receive Its first pro
duction on any stage next Monday even
ing.
The scene is laid In Spain during the
middle sixteenth century. The plot Is ro
mantic and at the same time comic.
By those who have an opportunity of
reading the opera and hearing the music
the composition is said to resemble In
style that of Sir Arthur Sullivan, and the
libretto the Gilbertian order. The char
acters are such that will allow clever In
terpretation on the part of the Morosco
Opera Company. One striking feature of
the opera is the Introduction of a number
of pretty and catching songs, running the
gamut from solo to sextet.
Among the principal numbers are in
cluded: Solo, "An Avalanche of Petti
coats"; song and ensemble, "The Inev
itable Thing"; solo, "When I Am Free";
duet, "The Lady Killer"; solo, quartet
and chorus. "Loving's Quite the Thing to
Do"; quartet, "Let l's One and All in
Blissful Thrall"; "The Conspirators'
Chorus"; Bravura song, "El Castlllno a
la Mode"; solo. "Why Is This World
Made Up of Sighing?" song. "1 Do De
vote My Life to You"; song, "What a
Distressing Quandary"; song, "Indiscrim
inate Love"; "The Kiss Duet"; sextet.
"We Saw It With Our Eyes"; duet, "A
Socail Fad"; song, "Why Should Wom
an's Heart Go Begging?" duet, "This Is
No Life but Love"; recitative and ensem
ble, "Come to the Altar"; quarreling duet,
"Chorus of Mad Maidens"; "The Savage
and the Boomerang." Great attention has
been paid to the choruses, which will be
found fascinating and melodious. A
charming incident of act three will be a
novel ballet of beautiful dancing girls,
which has been invented for the occasion
by the stage manager of the Grand Opera
house, Charles 11. Jones. This will be the
cast: Don Juanlto Alverado, Edith Ma
son; Don Umberto Alverado, his tern pa
rent, Arthur Wooley; Friar Santal, his tu
tor, Nace Bonville; Don Castanetto, a
court fopling, Thomas H. Persse; Don
Fillipo Cassanova, chief of the conspira
tors, William Wolff; the King of Spain,
Wlnfred Goff; the Queen of Spain, Bes
sie Fairbairn; Isabella Cassanova, Don
Fillipns daughter, Hattie Belle Ladd;
Ghona Malarin, Georgie Cooper; Mariana,,
Jeanette Fredericks; Serphina, Ida St.
Aubin; Sister Alicia, mother superior of
the convent, Alice Gray; Ferdinand, a
page, Mabel Hilliard; monks, nuns, ladies
and gentlemen of the Spanish court.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HflilflflflMflflflßflflflflflflflflflflfl
fl fl
fl ip rfi\Q tf a m
i Free Tickets i
■ ■
Q TO THE g
fl fl
b ,f% 4 a fl
I Orpheum! [
E A fl
fl — fl
B BUY YOUR Bl
I Lenox and J
B m £&, B
[ Ivory Soap "
|g D w ?_* a « w VMM q
£ SAVE TOUR WRAPPERS AND §
£» GET FREE TICKETS TO THE IB
j B ORPHEUM. - fl
i fl fl
3 The Johnson=Locke I
I Mercantile Co., ■
2! 204 FRONT STREET, b
jl PAN FRANCISCO, |j
B ■
ra Will Exchange for Lenox and Ivory m
2 Soap Wrappers . ™
§ FREE TICKETS TO THE ORPHEIM g
S UNDER THE FOLLOWING CON- ™
EI DITIONS: fl
H If You Want a 25c Reserved Seat fl
* fl Send 25 Wrappers of LENOX -SOAP m
■ Or IS Wrappers of IVORY SOAP m,
m Or else send IS Wrappers of LENOX JJ|
EJ SOAP and . Wrappers of IVORY SOAP g
1 m If You Want a 50c Reserved Seat &
E Send 50 Wrappers of LENOX SOAP ■
■n Or 24 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP m
£ Or else send 25 Wrappers of LENOX §£
5* SOAP and 12 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP »
fl fl
■■■■■■■■Bflflflflßflflflflflflflß
1899 -TAXES - 1899
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT THE
first Installment of Real Estate Taxes and all
unpaid Personal Property Taxes will be delin-
quent and 15 per cent abided on MONDAY',
November 27, at 6 o'clock p. m.
NO CHECKS RECEIVED AFTER SATUR-
DAY EVENING. NOVEMBER IS.
OFFICE OPEN FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
EVENINGS, November 24 and 25. from 7 to 9
o'clock.
EDWARD I. SHEEHAN,
Tax Collector of the City and County of San
Franclsco.
EBEEEHB
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
Paris, J. ESPIO ; New York, E. FOUGERA k CO.
BOLD BY ALL GISTS.
I ADVERTISEMENTS. , .
I New Styles for the Ladies. 1
I WEDNESDAY and THURSDAY BARGAINS 1
I # Whether you buy or not, it will pay you to 8
3 look at our Specials. We guarantee our 8
| £ $5 garments just as well as our $175 ones. 8
§ GOLF CAPES, with <<my The New Yoke GOLF I
I GOLF CAPES, with The New Yoke GOLF |
s hood and flounce; C%3SL CAPES, plain out- |
§ rich dark golf ef- &3PF side, plaid yoke and 1
i fee i s:^M? inß1 f n JSWK inside - cloth S^P- 1
§ and Whites; full Jgs»i A , „ . / 8
8 value j:or $10.00. M|W fuil value for |
8 Our special for two /jl \\\ \ $ 7 " 50 - Our special |
8 days, /.-/ A \\'\ price * or two days, i
I $7.50. %M $5.00. ' I
18 LIGHT TAN KERSEY JACKETS, ail wool, the latest style, lin-d all §
through with fancy silk lining, full value for . Si 3- 50. <£& l/^.OO 2
Our special for 2 days *&? * **J~. - {3
FUR COLLARETTE, with long tails and big storm collar, made of finest §
Astrakhan fur and electric seal, full value ror £18.00. <£|£ t *^.50 o
Our special for 2 days "OP * ««^ 3
PLAID SKIRTS, ail wool, lined. Special &3.00 g
GRAY HOMESPUN ALL-WOOL SKIRTS, lined $4.50 8
§
MFIIY & fIFRF^ CLOAKAND i
ULLL ICL LICDEJ SUIT HOUSE, §
I 120 KEARNY STREET. §
I OUR SOCIETY BLUE BOOK. j
I THE FASHIONABLE PRIVATE ADDRESS DIRECTORY I
E . Season 1899-1900. Now Being Compiled. 3
jo The entire edition has been subscribed for in advance. It -will be printed 3
ll© on delicately tinted enameled plate paper, elegantly bound In blue "Pega- oj
i** mold" leather, -with a handsome design in gold leaf on the outside of the front 3
l™ cover. The work will be carefully compiled and will be entirely changed, ow- 3
£, ing to the renumbering of all the residence streets. It will contain the ad- 2
>o dresses and reception days of prominent families, and will include only the _\j
jo names of persons of recognized social standing; a list of club members, with ci
£> their business addresses; a new set of theater diagrams; San Franclsco and 3
C Oakland street and avenue guide; ladles' shopping guide, suburban residents. 3
U and personnel of the press; also guests of the leading hotels who will be 3
Jo permanently located for the winter. &
)o Address all changes to o]
E CHARLES C. HOAG, Editor and Publisher, |
v 223 Post Street. San Franclsco. 3
)o Care of EDWARD H. MITCHELL., Art Stationer. 225 Post street. c.
CftflJLgJLg_ft&JULaJLft SJULSJUL SUUL2JUL V ILBJLSLJLSIfISLSLSLSLSLSULSLSLSL? JULgJUUt SU
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY (WEDNESDAY), OCT. 18.
Parquet, 2f.c, any seat; balcony, 10c; children,
10c, any part.
MLLE. LOTTY
"Her act ls the prettiest and daintiest of Its
kind ever produced"— Leander Richardson.
J. W. WINTON. the Australian Ventriloquist.
TOM BROWN, the Black-faced Humorist.
FLORENZ TROUPE. Howard's Ponies. Mr.
and Mrs. Harold Haskins, La Page SlsXers,
Little Elsie, Hawaiian Queens.
Bring the Children to See the
poises.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
LAST 4 NIGHTS. MATINEE SATURDAY.
You'll Be an ODD FELLOW If You Miss
IHWL I =
SECOND
I%P ■ l# ■ CROWDED
HOUSES!
|TOHfeY| EE
Eddie Fov, Josie De Witt, Bertie Fowler. Phil
H. Ryley and 40 others In the cast.
Beginning Sunday Night, Hoyt's
"A MILK WHITE FLAG."
Special comedy season prices— sl. 75c, SOc. 23e.
CALIFORNIA THEATER^
TO-NIGHT (WEDNESDAY), TO-MORROW
NIGHT AND SATURDAY MATINEE,
Last Times of the Unequaled Success,
"MAGDA,"
AS PERFORMED BY
NANCE O'NEIL
AND COMPANY.
FRIDAY NIGHT (only time), "THE
SCHOOL FOR SCANDAL." ' v
SATURDAY NIGHT— Last performance of
NANCE O'NEIL. "OLIVER TWIST" (by
special request.)
Commencing SUNDAY NIGHT. Oct. 22. the
funniest of the funny, the wittiest of the witty,
the greatest of all musical farce comedies, "A
BREACH OF PROMISE "
POPULAR Evening— 73c. 50c and 2Sc.
RlCES— Matinees Saturday and Sunday,
60c and 25c.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN £32.
ALL THIS WEEK. .
Genee's Beautiful Comic Opera.
"IN/\INOIN."
i Received Nightly "With Enthusiastic Mani-
festations of Delight by a
Packed House. '
> The Most Costly. Elaborate and Charming
Production of fhe Opera Ever Given
ln San Franclsco.
NEXT WEEK -
First Production on Any Stage of an Original
Comic Opera by H. J. Stewart of this
City and Clay M. Greene, Entitled
"THE CONSPIRATORS."
! Seats Now on Sale— Secure Them at Once.
! Usual Popular Prices— soc. 35c. 25c, 15c and 10c.
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
OLYMPIA c«£«&i.
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW IN
THE CITY.
If you miss them you'll miss a hit.
ROSELLE BROTHERS,
America's Greatest Ring Artists.
RUTH NELTA,
The Queen of Song, assisted by her FILIPINO
\ BABY.
AND A \ HOST OF OTHERS. ,
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT, EVERY FRIDAY.
ADMISSION FREE. _^
, Weekly Call $1.00 Der Year
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAND AND ENGLISH OPERA SEASON.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
The Ever Popular Opera,
"FRA DIAVOLO."
Sung With an Incomparable Cast!!
"Fra Diavolo" Repeated Friday Night and
Saturday Matinee.
"CAVALLERIA" and "PAGLIACCI"
Thursday and Sunday Evenings.
Final Performance Saturday Evening of
"OTHELLO."
POPULAR PRICES— and SOc.
Telephone for Seats— Bush 9.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
jliL NIGHT,
mfi__t&Q The past master of
18 "Tfir
Jfm MASKED
mmm BALL"
%■. Mat. Sat. & Sunday.
_V Next— "The Three
Musketeers."
"GO WHERE THE CROWDS 00"
And "HELP THEM LAUGH."
STEEPLECHASE,
CENTRAL PARK.
J TREMENDOUS SUCCESS OF THE 25 CONEY
ISLAND NOVELTIES.
Delighted crowds voted every one a winner,
! especially the ghastly Thirl Degree Regions.
I where His Royal Nibs, the Devil, and his
i magic wand will reign supreme.
PROF. FILL, marvel of the high wire, dally.
10c— Admission to all partM and ride— loc.
New attractions to be continually added.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1899-CALIFORNIA JOCKEY" CLUB-1900
Winter Meeting, beginning SATURDAY. Sep-
tember 23. 1599.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Raclrg Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday. Thurs-
| day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or rhine.
; Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Franclsco at 12 m. and
I 12:30. 1, 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
All trains via Oakland Mole connect with dan
Pablo avenue Electric Cars at Seventh and
Broadway. Oakland. Also all trains via Ala-
meda Mole connect with Sai Pablo avenuo
cars at Fourteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
These electric cars go direct to the track In fif-
teen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:43 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B MILROY. Secretary.
wm_-m_____________________m ■ ■ T— — i ■— — —
CONCERTS AND ATEBUKTB.
CHUTES AND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
MAJOR MITE. Smallest Actor on Earth.
ADGIE and HER LIONS. High Divers.
«TND A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
THURSDAY NIGHT.
Amateur Go-As-You-Please Match,
Phone for Seats. Park 23.
mm* wmmmm __mmm______mm — ___m^mmmmm -m-___m_________m _______ ggg
jfM^S3^H____*nS .?,!£,£ ta .' oon-poisonoßß
A'S^te** 35 *^?^ remedy, for Gonorrhoea?
V^S*rCCB K1 » >#1 [:l_7' :i - s P<"rmatorrhce.v
gjjEfffin i to s *_j_ %3 "bites, unnatural dli*
jßnOf Oc*raatKd J| charge, or any inflamnia-
pita not io Mristore. Hon, irritation or ulcer*-
BlwarraTtau wnugten. tlcn of mucous mem-
KKtheEvAHSChevicilCo. * rre«a °e«- Non-astringent.
VgA :iNCINMTI,O Mj I Sold by Urngji.u,
U. i. ±. A U 1* Bent ,a P l *'" wrapper,
nHill nfiflOH i?™ 81 *"™! Prepaid, toi
w Jl Cuooiat net oa nvHgfc
78
o f
i i Ti/est
o ♦ ......
PAT READY
IS DEFEATED
BY CREEDON
Put Out in the Eighth Round
After Taking Much Pun
ishment.
Speclal Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Oct. 17.— At the Broadway
Athletic Club to-night Dan Creedon of
Australia knocked out Pat Ready of
"Washington in the eighth round of what
was '■! have been a twenty-five round
bout at 158 pounds. Ready made a fair
showing, but was no match for the shifty
Australian, and finally succumbed to
Dan's superior eleven
Creedon was fat and Blow on hi? feet,
•chile Ready looked to be trained to the
hour. When time was called they came
together several times without landing.
Dan tlnallv sent his right to the body, and
as they clinched Ready sent in two short
right hooka to the jaw. ,,,,, ,
ZJ>an led off in the second with left hooks
to the head that made Ready stagger,
but Ready came right back with the
right across Dan's jaw. After a clinch
Ready slipped to the floor. Ready rushed
in the third and swung, but Dan was out
of reach. ' 're< don then stepped in and
swung bis right to body and left to the
head. Ready countered with left and
right to Dan's jaw, and it looked for a
moment as If Creedon would be knocked
out lie recovered quickly and with a left
to wind and right to the jaw dropped
Ready to the floor.  vJ -
Dan walked to his corner as If it was
nil over, but Ready was up at the count
and before Dan could finish him the bell
Creedon tried the body with the right In
the fourth and Ready slugged back with
both hands to the head. Dan then swung
his left to the body and Ready countered
on the jaw. Another right on the jaw
dropped Ready to the floor, but the bell
rang before he could be counted out.
Ready did well in the fifth, countering
Dan's "right to the body with a heavy
swing on the jaw. < "re. 'don continued to
do the forcing, but Ready was shifty and
finished the round strong. Ready con
tinued to Improve In the sixth, giving Dan
blow for blow until Creedon crossed him
with a right and sent him to the floor.
He was up at the count and Dan sent it
over again and Ready fell on his back.
He regained his feet and stayed away
for the rest of the round.
They fought through the seventh and
most "of the eighth with honors even.
Just as the round was about to close Dan
uppercu! his right to the chin and Ready
went down and out.
BIG FIGHT POSTPONED.
Jeffries and Sharkey Will Meet on
Friday, November 3,
NEW IRK, Oct. 17.— At a meeting to
day of the managers of Jim Jeffries and
Tom Shark" it was agreed to postpone
the fight for one* week from the date
originally set. it will take place on Fri
day, November 3.
PENNANT-WINNERS LOSE.
Philadelphia Takes the First Exhibi
*- _..-__■
tion Game.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 17.— The champions of
the National League and the Phillies to-day
played the first of a series of five exhibition
Karnes on the local grounds, the' Quakers win
ning. The home team played a faultless field
ing game and made Its hits when needed.
R. H. K.
Brooklyn * 9 3
Philadelphia ' 12 0
Batteries— Hughes and U Gull ■: Fraser.
Bernhardt and McFarland. —Latham.
Murchv Will Remain
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 17.—
Trainer "Tot" Murphy will remain at
Stanford throughout the entire year as
coach for the varsity baseball and track
men. This announcement was happily
received to-day in athletic circles, as Dr.
Murphy bas already endeared himself to
his men. For four years .Murphy played
shortstop on Yale's team, sides being
captain during his senior year in college.
To the professional world he is quite as
well known, since he played with the New
York club men for two seasons. Besides
being a coach, Mr. Murphy is a gradu
ated physician from Pennsylvania! which
makes ids services as a trainer exceed
ingly valuable.
«
Purtell Knocks Out Needham.
LEADVIL.L.E, Colo.. Oct. 17.— Two
thousand people saw Paddy Purtell knock
out Danny Needham of St. Paul In one
of .}.. hardest battles ever fought here.
For five rounds the men fought evenly,
Purtel rushing frequently, but was
blocked by his antagonist. in the fifth
round there was a mixup and both men
landed heavily, but Purtell, with a left on
the neck, had his man groggy and
finished him witl) a terrific right swing
on the law. Needham waa unconscious
for fully a minute.
Cycling Record Lowered.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala., Oct. 17.— Thirteen
hundred persons witnessed some fine
bicycle races at the Coliseum track to
night. The world's eight-lap track record
for one mile was lowered ten seconds by
Jay Eaton and B. Stone of Denver on
a motor tandem. The distance was cov
f-red In 1:37 2-5. The record was 1:48, made
by Michael and Johnson on the Memphis
track two years ago.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Postoffice Changes and Orders Affect
ing Western Soldiers.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Oct. 37. -Postal
service between Ono nnd Anderson will
be discontinued after November 15. Mrs.
L. Spence has been appointed postmis
tress at I ur rough, Fresno County, vice
Chester C. Burnett, resigned; also Mrs.
Florence E. Loomis at Watertown,
Fresno County, vice p.. McQuarrie, re
moved.
First Lieutenants William S. Conrow
and Lorenzo D. Qasser of the Forty-third
Infantry are relieved from duty at Fort
Ethan Allen and will proceed to San
Franclsco. Captain George W. Povey, as
sistant quartermaster, now on temporary
duty at Portland, Or., will upon the com
pletion of work incidental to refitting the
transport Lenox taKe charge of the
quartermaster's property and perform the
duty -1 quartermaster on said transport
and proceed th.-re. .11 to the Philippine Isl
ands.
By direction of the assistant Secretary
of War the following named enlisted
men, having accepted commissions, will
be discharged from the service: Cnited !
Stat, Sergeant Perry \Y. Vander'
Battery 11, Sixth Artillery, 'Manila;
Sergeant Major Henry E. Shack, Thirty
second Infantry San Franclsco; Com
missary Sergeant Roger Duval, Thirty
lifth Infantry, Philippine Islands.
The following transfers of enlisted men
of the Signal Corps are made: First-class
private John If. Fowler will be sent to
Angel Island. First-class Sergeant Wal
ter G. Cooper to Angel Island, First-class
Private Joseph A. Pownell to Angel Isl
and. Corporal Edwin D. Andrews, now at
Governors Island, N. v.. to Angel Island;
First-class Private Burl E. Brown, now
jit Fori Monroe. V.-,.. to Angel Island;
First Lieutenant George D. Arrowsmlth
will proceed to San Francisco.
Pensions for Californians — Original—
Jabe* Dibble, Chico. $8.
Oregon— Original— Robert Taft, Port
land, $8.
»
Are Now Guardsmen.
PLACERVILLE, Oct 17.-The military
company recently organized in this city
was mustered into the National Guard
of the State at Sigwart's Opera-house in
this city last night by Colonel Guthrie of
the Second Infantry Regiment. The com
pany starts with a membership of sixty
two men. Hon. Charles A. Bwlsler of this
city was elected captain, 11. 11. Walling
lirst lieutenant, Max, Mlerscn second lieu
tenant The new company will be Com
nanv H of the Second Infantry. Third
Brigade. National Guard of California.
Sporting Stents from All Over the World.
DANIEL WAS
PLAYED FOR
A "KILLING."
Caesar Young's Two- Year-
Old Put a Crimp in the
Ring at Oakland.
Caesar Toung, the St. Louis bookmaker, !
carved a large-sized, cherry-ripe water
melon at Oakland yesterday with a two
year-old rejoicing in the name of Daniel.
The youngster started in a handicap on
October 5, finishing absolutely last. In
the opening scramble yesterday for maid
ens, with a field of eleven lining up at the
! barrier, he was played down from 30 to 4
and 6 to 1 and won ail the way. His vic
tory can. in a measure be ascribed to the
. start, for Jack Ward beat the gate. Alee,
the favorite, a brown colt, by St. George-
Levee, owned by Garnet Ferguson, was
best, but got away from the post none too
well. He ran a very impressive race, fin
ished third, seven lengths behind Slsquoc.
The ring had quite a crimp put in it over
the two-year-old's win.
In the other events decided favorites In
| the betting finished first on three occa
* sions. The track was still a trifle slow,
! but to-day will find it in as good condition
as before the rain.
Bald-laced Satsuma made his initial bow
'to tne public in the laat race. He looked
I well and warmed up as if fit to crack a
record. The crowd packed him from 2 to
1 to i) to 5 favoritism, and Humidity led
: from start to finish. The mare stopped so
I badly in her last race that she was prac
■ tlcaliv overlooked In the belling, her odds
receding to 7 and 8 to I. The six furlongs
were covered in 1:15 Hat. the best perform
ance of the day. Horton at the start com
manded first call in the books, but went
back and was beaten for the show by
Morinel.
It looked like tempting a bid-up to enter
Midity in a selling race for $300, but for-
I tunately for Johnny Humphrey the fast
I filly escaped one. At odds of 1 to 7 she
scampered away frcm her company ln the
second number, a sprint over the Futurity
I course. Druidess, with Jones up, took
the place from Gundara, a Midlothian
' filly. with a well developed flight of speed.
The long-striding black horse Faver
sham seemed afflicted with all sorts and
sizes of speed, placing the purse for the
mile selling to the credit of Atkin &
I Lottrldge. Ruiz took daring liberties
with him, holding the black fellow up in
his lap for two-thirds of the journey, and
' through the stretch was obliged to shake
him up to win out. Watossa, a2sto 1
shot, downed Fortis. the second choice,
> for the place. The latter's under
pinning showed want of repair and ins
price went from 7 to 5 to 2. Katie Gib
bons, the Honlg entry, led for six fur
longs, when she tired and fell to the rear.
Dr Rowell's entry. Whltcomb. captured
! the seven-furlong selling affair without
much effort. The gelding was speedily
played down in the ring to 7 to 10 favorit
ism*, and the rank outsider. Kootenai, with
Coburn in the saddle, was the only one
to give him the semblance of a contest.
That horse made a very good showing,
' finishing a close second, half a length be
fore Una Colorado.
Track Notes.
Presiding Judge Murphy yesterday re
ceived a telegram from Captain Rees
stating that Jockey Duffy had not been
reinstated by him. The matter will be
referred to the Pacific Coast Jockey
Club, It being possible that the stewards
of that association may have lifted the
rider's suspension.
It was stated on good authority last
evening that Colonel Applegate of Louis
ville, Ky.. has secured the Held book privi
legefor Tanforan Park,
Bookmaker Johnny Humphrey occa
sionally makes a mild flier on the prize
fights, " and is backing Erne to beat
O'Brien On Monday evening the colored
plunger. Johnson, was skirmishing about
in search of Erne money, and met Hum
phrey and Charley Fair. Johnson was
willing to bet at evens and the turfman
made him a wager of $2000 that the lignt
weight champion would lower the colors
of Hawkins' conqueror, each putting up
half of the amount.
Following are to-day entries:
Fifst Futurity course; three-year-olds
and upward; Felling.
169 Sort MeAUister.ll2| 163 Rosalbra 106
General A rthur.. i 168 Shannonette ....109
168 Starling 102 165 Lady Helolse....l<»
Sierra 81anc0. ...109; 168 Sidelong lu4
Second race— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward; purse.
169 Merry Boy 1041 165 Shellac 191
(146)Montallade 104 175 WUmeter 10.
.ICliKtta II 10*1
Third race — Seven furlongs; two-year-olds;
handicap.
(66) Silver 8u11i0n. ...1151 us My Gypsy 102
125 Bathos 105 164 Rixford 100
Fourth race— One mile; selling; three-year
i' is and upward.
156 has I>e 8e1... .101 151 Donator 101
151 Twinkle Twink.lol 152 Don Luis 101
163 Castake 101 137 Sylvan Lass 87
159 Roadrunner ....102 | 137 Fred Gardner.. .lo3
167 Rainier S7 ', 166 Judge Wofford.. 92
Fifth race Futurity course; three year-olds
and upward; selling.
154 Anchored 114' ... Bessie Lee 109
150 Negligence 112; 72 Libertine 112
161 February 102 |047»Lona Marie*.. 109
170 Lothian 971 169 Rio Chlco 104
Selections for To-Day.
First rare— Sport McAllister, Lady Helolse,
Shannonette.
Second race— Etta H. M mtallade, Merry Boy.
Third race— Bathos, My Gypsy, Silver Bullion.
Fourth race — Castake, Roadrunner, Twinkle
Twlnk.
Fifth Libertine, Negligence, February.
■ -.- - ■■
ETHELBERT BEATS RAFFAELO
Leads From Wire "to Wire in the
Dixiana Stake Event.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17. -The Dixiana, for
three-year-olds, and the Stiver Brook
selling stake, for two-year-olds, were the
fixtures at Morris Park to-day. In the
former only three horses started—
bert, the favorite a' 3 to 5; Raffaelo, sec
ond choice at 7 to 5, and any price about
Hardy Pardee. A few days ago Raffaelo
beat Ethelbert a head, but the decision
was reversed to-day, Ethelbert winning
in an easy gallon after making all his own
running, in 1:40%.
Coburg won the Silver Brook by a half
length from Oneck Queen, the favorite.
Affect showed the way to the dip, but
stopped badly. After that the rare was
between the tirst two. They drew away
from the field and finished as named,
finite was third. Results:
Seven furlongs, selling— Plaid won.
Belle of Memphis second, Hanlon third. Time,
I :2S
'six furlongs— Olca won, Federalist second,
Erwin third. Time, 1:11%.
The Silver Brook, five and a half furlongs.
polling— Coburg won, Oneck Queen second.
Fluke third. Time. 1:08%.
Dixiana, one mile — Ethelbert won, Raffaelo
Becond, Hardy Pardee third. Time, 1:40%. /
One mile— N. B. won, Warrenton second.
Handcuff third. Time, 1:40%
One and a sixteenth miles, selling— The Pride
won, Rare Perfume . second, Bangor third.
Time, 1:47. •
CHICAGO, Oct. 27.— Weather clear; track
heavy. Results:
Four and a half furlongs— Barrlcca won,
Oleckma second, Farrt third. Time, 38.
One Mile— Man of Honor won. The Rush sec
ond. Tekla third. Tim», 1:47%.
One and a half miles Holdup won, Double
Dummy second. Jackanapes third. Time, 2:42%.
One mile— Espionage won. Hub Prattler sec
ond. Ruslcln third. Time. 1:48%.
Six furlongs— Montgomery won, Hermoso sec
ond. Verify third. Time, 1:17%.
Seven furlongs— Brown Veil won. Pat Gar
rett second, Vhlers third. Time. 1:32%.
CINCINNATI. Oct. 17.— Mudlarks had their
first chance of the meeting at Latonia to-day.
Dolly Wiethoft and May Jane were the only
favorites that captured first money. The Star
of Bethlehem won the handicap at a mile and
a sixteenth In a gallop. Results:
Six furlongs, selling— Dolly Wiethr.ff won.
Hopscotch second, J J T third. Time, 1:18.
Five furlongs May Jane won. Larkspur sec
ond. Unsightly third. Time, 1:04. .
One mile, selling— II won, Flop second,
Domosetta third. Time, 1:46&.
THE SAS FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1899.
Handicap, one and a sixteenth miles— The
Star' of Bethlehem won. Able Belle second.
Monk Way man third. Time, 1:53.
Five and a half furlongs — Charlie O'Brien
won, Solent Becond, Woodtrice third. Time,
1:11%. _
SNOWBOUND HUNTERS.
F. H. Bushnell and "Johnnie" Cole-
man Endure Hardships in the
Sierras.
F. H. Bushnell and Bookmaker
"Johnnie" Coleman arrived home last
night after a siege of hardships in the
mountains back of AVeber Lake, where
they were snowbound for over a week.
Bushnell. Coleman and "Joe" Ep»lnger
left here several weeks ago for Weber
Lake, where they beat the thick under
brush for game and whipped the streams
for trout. The trio pitched their camp in
the mountains back of the lake, many
miles from civilization.
Epplnger tired of the sport quickly and
return..', home, leaving his companions to
stay longer.
A day or so later a severe snowstorm
set in and Bushnell and Coleman had to
brave the elements. The snow fell
heavily, and before they realized their
position they were hemmed in. At the
inn at Weber Lake it was known that the
hunters were camping somewhere back
in the mountains, and when the weather
cleared up a searching party was Bent out
to locate them. They searched for several
days and finally located the snowbound
sportsmen in a lonely canyon.
Several times during the snowstorm
Bushnell and Coleman attempted to make
their way out of the mountains, but each
time they had to turn back. i'ntil the
rescuing party reached them they were
beginning to think they would never see
civilization again. Both vow they will
never go into the mountains again with
out 1 a guide.
Winners of Covelo Races.
COVBLO. Oct. 17. Summary of to-day's
races at the Driving Park:
Half-mile and repeat, purse $500— Mollie A
won, "92" second, Ironbrew third. Time, :49.
Quarter mile, purse $400— Mount won,
Jennie Mack second. Time :22Va-
UNITED STATES
LOSES NOTHING
Alaskan Agreement Is
Being Completed.
»
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON", Oct. 17.— Immediately
upon Secretary Hay's return to-day prep
arations began at the State Department
for the completion of th*» modus Vivendi
relative to the Alaskan boundary. Gen
eral Foster was hard at work upon the
details of the modus and the expectation
was that ln the course of a day or two
the agreement would be In effect. The
negotiations of late havo been entirely in
the hands of Secretary Hay and air.
Tower, the British Charge here. It has
not been determined even yet whether ,
the agreement defining the boundary
temporarily shall take the form of a docu
ment signed by both parties or be merely
a series of notes, but In either case it will
be Just as effective as a regular modus
Vivendi, binding both parties to observe
the boundary laid down temporarily.
State Department officials are confident
that Americans will have no cause to
complain that their rights have been
abandoned when the full scope of the
agreement is made known, while, on the
other hand, the Canadians cannot claim
properly that they have lost any right
that they have enjoyed.
The purpose of this particular effort at
a modus was to regulate the boundary
line on the west side of the Lynn Canal.
The two parties bad placed the line of
demarcation on Chileat and White
passes right at the top of the passes, and
there has never been the slightest fric
tion at those points. But. because of the
fact that the westernmost of the three
passes— namely, Chilcat Pass— was fully
forty miles removed from the sea, the
same rule could not be applied by our
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRACK, Tuesday, October 17, 1899. Twenty-first
day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather
fine. Track slow.
VICTORIES
FOR REIFF
BROTHERS
One Wins With the Squabble
Colt and the Other Lands
Americus First.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Oct. 17.— At to-day's racing of
the wick October meeting the Squabble
colt, ridden by J. Reiff, won the Willow |
Nursery plate. Sloan finished third with !
Bathing Woman. Fourteen horses ran. !
The betting was 100 to 8 against the j
Squabble colt and 7 to 1 against Bathing
Woman.
The Surrey Nursery handicap was won I
by Air. Colley's Gold Jug. Lord William
Beresford's Siloah, ridden by Sloan, and ,
A. Bailey's Northcrawlev, with Reiff up,
finished second and third, respectively.
Fourteen horses ran. The betting was 100 l
to 1-1 against Siloah and 100 to 'J against ,
Northcrawley. «
Sloan was unplaced on Shepperton in the
race for the Field plate. Begelly was the
winner. Eight horses ran. The belting
against Sloan's mount was 1 to I.
L. Keiff on Americus finished first In the
Charlewood handicap. Eleven horses ran.
The betting was 2to 1 against Americus. j
Will Hold Its Coursing Draw.
j
,
j
I
:
The San Mateo Coursing Association
will hold its first draw to-night at Pythian
Castle. The gates of the new park will
be thrown open to the public for the first
time on Saturday. The card for the two
days' meeting will be an open stake, for
which good prizes have been offered. The
winner will receive $250. the runner-up
$150 and others In proportion. C. J. Jerome
will Judge the coursing, while Arthur
Massey will handle the "slips."
The draw for Union Park will be held
in the same building at the same hour.
representatives without great loss. There
fore, recourse has been had to another
expedient and the line of demarcation will
run along the Klehana Kiver and from
a point near Klukwan, cross to a moun
tain on the southwest.
The effect will be to give the United
States control of the tide waters, the
British being fifteen miles above; to main
tain the American control of the new and
Important Porcupine country, and, lastly,
to save the rights of all American miners
who are now on the Canadian side of the
line.
It is understood that the modus will
live at the pleasure of both parties to lt.
There will be no date fixed for Its expira
tion
CATTLE ENDANGERED.
Large Herds Imprisoned by Snow in
the Mountains.
' PLACERVILLE, Oct. 17.— The road over
the summit is now open and the large
bands of dairy and stock cattle, number^
ing thousands, that find summer pasture
age ln Lake Valley are now passing
through this city on their way to winter
pasturage in this and Sacramento coun
ties.
Grave fears are entertained that many
cattle that were pastured on the higher
ridges will not be saved. Bayne Bros.,
extensive cattle raisers of Coloma, have a
large band imprisoned ln the snow back
of Pyramid Peak. The snow at that point
Is reported to be nearly six feet ln depth.
Barrett. Orelli, Basi and other cattle
men have large numbers yet In the moun
tains, but hope is felt that if the present
weather continues they will be able to
save them.
Whitecaps Harass Negroes.
BARNESVILLE, Ga., Oct. 17.— An in
vestigation Into the disturbances here, as
a result of which the local military com
pany was called out last night to protect
the Oxford cotton mills from a supposed
mob of negroes, shows that the negroes
came to the town seeking protection from
whitecaps. The negroes claim some ot
their race were roughly handled by the
whitecaps. The Capital City Guards, a
military company of Atlanta, which had
been summoned to its armory to await
orders to come to Barnesville, has been
dismissed.
GENTLEMEN
DRIVERS IN
THE SULKY
Golden Gate Park Driving; As-
sociation Offers an Ettract-
ive Programme
The members of Golden Gate Park j
Driving Association met at the Palace |
Hotel last night and completed arrange
ments for their autumn meeting. This ,
will be held at Ingleside racetrack on j
Saturday.
The most interesting feature of the j
programme will be a double team race. |
in the olden days this was a favorite j
form of sport, but in recent years it* has
languished. It was revived successfully \
on the circuit, which encouraged the ama- I
teur drivers to try their hand at the |
exciting sport. With three or four teams ■
to start, the event should be an interest- i
ing one. It will be best two out of three I
heats, as will all the other races. The
remaining ones are a 2:20 class, 2:40 class
and the second contest for the Frank G.
O'Kane trophy.
After extended discussion, it was de
cided to do away with the race which it j
was intended should be trotted under un- |
usual conditions. It will be straight two
in three heats, as it was believed that |
otherwise an Injustice would be done :
some owners. The object of the associa- ;
tion is to provide good sport for its mem- i
bers and to increase the number of gen- !
tlemen drivers. The purse in each race i
will be $100, divided into three moneys of |
60 per cent, 25 and 15. In the cup race J. j
C. Ohlandt has one victory to his credit,
but must win it three times in all to make I
it liis property. Admission will be free to
the races. 'The following officers will
handle the meting: nB_VS
T. J. Crowley, starter; R. F. Gallagher,
M. M. Donnelly and L. Richardson,
judges; J. G. Chesley, F. L. Clauson, F. |
Vetter and G. Lapham, timers; Dr. Ira i
B. Dalzell, marshal and assistant starter.
UNITE TO FIGHT
THE RAILROAD
Meeting of Citrus Fruit
Growers and Packers.
♦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RIVERSIDE, Oct. 17— Southern
California Fruit Exchange and the out
side packers have united to fight rail
road discriminations in transportation.
The Citrus Fruits Growers', Packers'
j and Shippers' Association in session here
1 this afternoon adopted, with but one dis
senting vote, a resolution to carry the
fight into the Federal courts If necessary,
and the Southern California Fruit Ex
change will co-operate. The only dis
senting vote was the Earl Fruit Com-
Eany, which stands for and reaps the
benefit of a private car line. The reso
lution is as follows:
Whereas, The welfare of any Industry de
mands that freight rate discriminations do not
exist in any form, and as shipping factors en
gaged In handling the product of the citrus
orchards of California we view with especial
favor any plan promulgated by the carriers
that promises relief from the pernicious and ille
gal system of rebates from the taTiff rates, and
will lend our -Tdlal assistance as Individuals
and an organization to any reasonable plan
for the absolute elimination of freight rate dis
criminations. We believe that the payment of
rebates perverts the influence of shipping fac
tors from the interests of the growers to that of
the carrying lines. We protest against and will
antagonize any plan of the railroad companies
| which effects only a partial elimination of the
rebating and which grants special privileges
i to favored Interests through the medium of pri-
I vate car lines; and.
Whereas, The present transportation arrange
' ments, as provided for the citrus traffic of 1899
--1900, under the pretext of accomplishing the
elimination of freight concessions, do clearly
provide >r the special privileges of car lines,
which privileges have been granted to some
shippers and denied to others, and as this In
side advantage, enjoyed by certain Interests,
• can only result ln disadvantage to the Industry
and the community It supports; therefore be It
Resolved. That the policy of the Initial lines,
as now understood, is openly defiant of the In
terstate commerce laws and inimical to the
welfare of the Industry, for which reason the
powers of the Federal courts should be In
voked to correct the flagrant evils now exist
ing.
The Jamaica treaty was considered and
a resolution adopted to co-operate with
the Southern California Citrus Traffic,
Committee to raise a fund to defeat the'
confirmation of the treaty. This resolu
tion was sent, with greetings, to the
growers' meeting in session here at the
same time. The grawers' meeting resolv
ed unanimously to levy one-fifth of a
•cent per box for the tariff fund.
TROUBLES OF MRS.
ANNA KLINE RIKERT
President of the Stockton and Tuol
umne Company Involved in
Litigation.
STOCKTON, Oct. 17.— John MeCormick
yesterday recovered Judgment In Judge
Budd's court against the National Se
curity Company for approximately $7000.
The suit was an outgrowth of the litiga
tion over the "Woman's Road," of which
Mrs. Rikert was the president, and which
was incorporated under the name of the
Stockton and Tuolumne Railway Com
pany. MeCormick furnished meat for the
workmen and advanced money from time
to time to the president of the road.
Being convinced that it was a bad debt
to have outstanding he began suit to re
cover and got an attachment on a lot
of rails which the company had stored
in this city. Mrs. Rikert was very anx
ious to get the attachment released and
sought the aid of the security company.
For the usual fees and the custody of the
rails the company agreed to release the
attachment. The rails would revert to
the custody of the Sheriff ln case a judg
ment was secured by the plaintiff.
In due time this judgment was secured
and demand was made on the security
company for the return of the rails. The
company could not return them, as they
had been sold. Suit accordingly followed
on the bond. The company may not lose
entirely on the deal, as it Is presumed
that it secured itself out of proceeds of
| the sale of the rails. Notice of appeal was
| given.
Want a New Charter.
PASADENA, Oct. 17.— T0-day President
Daggett of the Board of Trade memorial
ized the City Council for a new charter,
asking that a committee of three be ap
pointed to look up and draft a new char
ter. He asked the Council to call an elec
tion of the people to elect fifteen free
holders, they to call another election on
the charter. The present charter is sixth
class. A special charter Is needed, be
cause now sufficient sewers, parks and
other Improvements cannot be had. nor
can kindergartens be introduced In the
public schools on account of the. fact that
the District Attorney, who Is not In fa
vor of them, is given too much power.
Tho Council filed the memorial and ex
pressed a favorable sentiment, but made
the objection that sewers and other Im
provements demanded by the -Board of
Trade would cost between half a million
and a million dollars. Last Saturday the
ladies of the Shakesepeare Club, the prin
cipal literary organization of this city,
met and bound themselves to work for
the new charter.
Captain O'Brien Dead.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 17.— Captain Charles
F. O'Brien, for years connected In an
official way with the mines at Almaden,
died there last night. ,He had been ill
for a long time. He was a native of
Michigan, but came to the mines in 1865
and has been there since. He was 65
years old.
OLYMPIC MEN
RENDEZVOUS
AT ESCALLES
A Notable Gathering of Ath
letes Arranged by the '
Club's Directors.
The members of the Olympic Ath
letic Club will "get together" next
Sunday in greater numbers than
they have done in many years.
They are to be the guests of the club at
Escalles, a resort between Sausalito and \
San Rafael, where, in addition to a fine j
dinner, they will be entertained by noted I
funmakers, besides taking part in im- j
promptu games.
In the early history of the club any af
fair that attracted one member attracted j
all. Whenever Haley, Schifferstein, J
Flynn, O'Kane or any of the club's sprint- j
ers were competing they always had a
following. In later years the big mem- I
bership of the club has been scattered
among the "annexes." The wheelmen i
flocked by themselves. The gunmen, |
swimmers, runners, athletes, handball- :
players and others all had seperate or- I
ganizations within the parent body. Each
developed and thrived, but sapped in a ■
degree the life of the big club. It is to
bring all the members together in one i
great body that the affair of Sunday has j
been arranged.
The officers of the various annexes will
endeavor to bring out their full strength.
The affair was originally suggested by
Captain George James. Leader John A.
Hammersmith, John Elliott and other di- |
rectors approved of it and are working iO
make It a success. James W. Coffroth, j
"Tom" Cunningham and others who were
responsible for the success of former out
ings of the Wheelmen, on the same lines, j
are interested in the successful outcome
of this venture.
The members of the club can go to the
rendezvous on either the 8, 10 or 11:30 a. m.
boat by way of Sausalito. The Wheelmen
may go on one of the early boats and
reach Escalles after a short spin over the
; road, possibly from San Rafael.
BOOM IN CHINESE GAMBLING.
Four New Fantan Houses Opened
for Business.
The Chinese quarter of tho city is
showing unmistakable signs of being af
fected with the tidal wave of prosperity
which is sweeping over the country. The
prosperity of Chinatown, however, arises
from a purely local cause— the return of
cannery hands from up the coast.
The first evidence of an influx of "easy
money" is seen in the gambling dens
which abound for the delectation of Mon
golians, and during the past few weeks
the business of these shady houses has
been so brisk and they have been run
with so little police molestation that new
places have blossomed out, some of them
most elaborate affairs, and now the Ce
lestial sport finds no trouble in enjoying
the pleasures of peegow and fantan.
At 44 Waverly place more than $1000
has been expended in ornate decorations
of a room where all the Chinese gam
are played. This place, as well as one
at 802 Dupont street and one at SID 1 -
Washington street and one on St. Louis
alley. opened Its doors to the Chinese
public during the past week, and reports
from those who have the entree say that
fantan has never before seen such a
boom.
The returning canners have saved up
quite a respectable sum. and the boom in
Mongolian gambling will last until it has
changed hands.
COURT NOTES
The inventory and appraisement in the
estate of the late J. B. 11. Cooper was filed
yesterday. The estate Is appraised at
$164,500 50.
S. A. Bishop, the motorman of the car
that ran over and killed Patrick McGuire
on Fourth street and was charged with
manslaughter, had his case dismissed by
Judge Mogan yesterday, as it was shown
that McGuire's death was the result of an
accident.
Julia Valiant, a girl 15 years of age, liv
ing at 531 Montgomery avenue, swore to a
complaint in Judge Treadwell's court yes
terday for the arrest of her father. Pla
cator F. Valiant, a magnetic healer, on
the charge of failing to provide .for her
sister, Viola, 11 years of age. although his
wife deeded some property to him in Los
Angeles for that purpose.
Frank Thompson, who stole a basket of
clothes from Mrs. L. J. Werner. 1121 Pow
ell street, and when arrested had several
skeleton keys In his pockets, was yester
day sent to the County Jail by Judge
Treadwell for six months on each of two
charges of petty larceny and having burg
lars' tools in his possession.
Santiago Ortez, a cowboy, who stabbed
A. M. Coleman in the stockyard, Tenth
and Bryant streets, was yesterday held to
answer before the Superior Court by
Judge Treadwell on a charge of assault to
murder, In $2000 bonds.
S. M. Sherwood, assistant janitor In a
building on Montgomery street, who gets
filled up with Chinese pn and bows to
every lamp-post and telegraph pole he
passes, was yesterday sent to the County
Jail for ten days by Judge Mogan on a
charge of vagrancy to enable him to sober
up. ■ _ _ y
Reception to Volunteers.
PETALUMA, Oct. 17.— A grand recep
tion and banquet was held here this even
ing in honor of the volunteers lately re
turned from Manila. The affair was un
der the auspices of Antietam Post, Grand
Army of the Republic, Bear Flag Parlor,
Native Sons of the Golden West, the
Board of City Trustees and Company C.
National Guard of California. After the
banquet Hon. Frank C. Coombs delivered
an address and presented . Native Sons'
medals to the returned warriors.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
CURE ALL DISORDERS OF MEN.
If men who are suffering with an unnatural weakness, a contracted or other
disease, should consult their best Interests they would not wait for their troubles to
get well without help. Neither would they experiment with unreliable doctors,
patent medicines or electric belts.
DR. MEYERS & CO. have lone been recognized as the most successful special-
ists for men in America. Every' member of the staff has made a long and care-
ful study of weakness and diseases of the male sex, and the remedies, methods and
appliances which cure them.
FAY /-^^^^^^^ FREE
when /^^Slm^Tr^ ADVI^.
YOU I W^JQ I m**n ) iMfrl\ CONSULTATION
ARE A\^lWiyy/ : ANDALL
WELL. ik^^^l^S^ AMINES.
No medical Institution in America can compare with that of DR METERS
A CO. in size and equipment or the number of patients cured and under treat
ment. Permanent cures, reasonable prices and fair business dealings have won for
DR. MEYERS & CO. a name and standing envied by would-be competitors '
As a guarantee DR. MEYERS & CO. will let the patient deposit the price of a.
cure In an.v bank In San Franclsco. to be paid after he is entirely well If it is not
convenient to do this, payments may be made in monthly Installments ' It remit
S confidence backed by ability to make such an offer. No other doctors will under
take a cure on these conditions. UUEr
If you cannot call, write for private book, diagnosis sheets, free advice nrloea
and other particulars. Correspondence solicited. All letters confidential No nrint
Ing on envelopes or packages to Indicate name of sender. Cures sent by either mall
or express, free from observation. * clluer H,all
OR. MEYERS & CO., 731 "SH? 1
TAKE ELEVATOR. Hours, Bto 5 dally ; Evenings, 7to 8; Sundays 9to 11.
Oast,
DEBTS HASTEN
THE DEATH OF
THE ACME CLUB
It Will Cease to Exist After
To-Day — Members Join
Other Clubs.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Oct. 17.
Tlie Acme Club will go out of existence
to-morrow. A constable will sell the per
sonal property of the club to satisfy the
! judgment in favor of the landlords, and
j the athletic organization which began
fourteen years ago in a barn in a back
! yard, with an old pair of boxing gloves
j and with DeWitt Van Court for in
| structor, will pass into history.
To-day President Fitzgerald of the Re
liance Club received a little note from the
Sheriff apprising him of the sale and sug
gesting that as the athletic furnishings
are not likely to cause much competition,
the Reliance Club might possibly become
a customer.
"For several weeks," said .President
Fitzgerald, "the boards of directors of
both clubs have been discussing the ad
visability of uniting. It has long been
apparent that two big athletic clubs can
not prosper in this city. When the at
tachment was levied on the Acme Club
a crisis was reached and as things are
at present about two hundred of the best
athletes of the Acme Club will come to
us. There will be no need of any con
solidation, and it is better that there be
none. No matter which club went to the
other, the remaining club would have to
assume the indebtedness of the other.
There will be no advantage in a formal
union, because each club has a thorough
gymnastic outfit and is well furnished,
and if we bought the Acme outfit we
could only store it to replace our own
in years to come, which would not bo
good business policy.
: "There are now about four hundred
members of the Reliance Club and since
we went into our present fine building
more than one-half of our total indebted
ness has been paid off. With the big ad
dition we shall receive when the Acme
Club goes out of existence I anticipate
no trouble in maintaining a splendid
organization that will win many honors.
In several contests, especially in wheel
contests, the Acme and Reliance clubs
have each nearly scored a victory. With
the pick of the two clubs we could have
done as we pleased, and that is what I
anticipate we shall soon be doing.
"I presume a certain number of the
Acme Club will Join the new West Oak
land Athletic Club, but I cannot see that
this will in any way Interfere with the
progress of the enlarged Reliance Club.
"With only one big club in town giv
ing boxing exhibitions we shall be able
to do better financially in more ways than
one. Our dues at present are $2 50 and
we give about once a month first class
boxing contests, charging $1 for admis
sion. Many men in town who joined tha
club for the express purpose of seeing
these exhibitions quit their membership,
preferring to pay a dollar for each en
tertainment. In future it is very prob
able that we may limit these contests
entirely to club members."
The Acme Club has run in arrears on
its lease $2400. Abrahamson Brothers,
the lessors, after putting on an attach
ment, reduced the amount of the arrears
to $1600 on condition that this sum should
be paid at once, and on the same condi
tion they also reduced the rent from $175
to $125 per month. The Acme members,
however, who have carried along their
club so many years in the face of great
difficulties, decided that It would be use
less to prolong their agony, and that tha
most practical and feasible thing to do
would be to join the Reliance Club.
A committee from each of the clubs
was appointed and met this evening, in-
President Fitzgerald's office. The Acme
members who intend to join the Reliance
requested that one or two of their in
structors who had been with the club
many years should be taken care of by
the Reliance. Some of these instructors
could have secured employment at the
Reliance Club any time they wished, so
this request was adjusted without diffi
culty. President Fitzgerald admitted that
the records of the Acme Club, from a
purely athletic standpoint, were some
what superior to those of the Reliance,
and said that with a couple of hundred
of the best members of the Acme added
to the Reliance it would guarantee athletic
and financial success in its management
and would relieve the club from the con
tinual efforts that are necessary to main
tain its present high standing.
lt is expected that many of the Acme
members will go to West Oakland. Many
of these Acme boys live in that end of
town, and as the new club has just in
corporated it will doubtless receive quite
a boom by the going of the Acme.
At the meeting to-night of the Acme
and Reliance committees it was decided
that the Reliance should engage Boxing
Instructor Kitchen and Wrestling In
structor Paul Carroll of the Acme.
Obnoxious Loading Law.
PASADENA, Oct. President J. H.
Woodworth of the Pasadena Orange-
Growers' Association to-day received a.re
ply from Manager Edward Chambers of
the Santa Fe freight department at San
Francisco to the complaint of the growers
against the loading edict taking effect No
vember 15. The minimum carload will be
26,000 pounds. The cars used will be 40 and
36 foot cars. This maKes a hardship for
buyers and shippers because oftentimes
buyers want small lots that cannot now
be furnished. They must take large lots
or nothing. Woodworth says he will have
to grin and bear it.
Fire at Elrio.
VENTURA, Oct. 17— Fire destroyed the
general merchandise store of Galvin &
Shorten at El Rio last night. Charles
Grubb always slept in the. front end of the
store and he narrowly escaped death. The
front doors were broken down and the
clerk dragged out of bed. The loss is
$4500. Insurance $2700. The origin of the
fire is unknown.THE CALLS
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
DESK STUDIES FOR GIRLS.
Copyright, 18W, by Seymour Baton.
I. NEW WORDS AND HOW TO USB
THEM.
Keep a, common writing pad on your
desk. When you hear a new word which
interests you or when you come aoross
one in your reading jot it down. Take
time to look up Its meaning. Frame sen
tences In which this word is used cor
rectly. Incorporate it into your own vo
cabulary by using it in your conversation
♦lie very first chance you get, not in un
affected way, but as part of your every
day '"*.•;. You must learn to distinguish
between words suitable for conversation
and words which are better adapted to
the printed page. Conversational speech
has soul and feeling. Written speech
may be technical, scientific, exact; the
meaning being conveyed wholly by the
words, while In conversation tho meaning
Is conveyed in part by the gesture, the
voice and the personality of the speaker.
Take the following twelve words for your
first lesson and add a dozen more of your
own choosing during the week:
Resume— This is a French word which
has come into common use. It is pro
nounced ray-zsu-may, with accent upon
first and last syllables. It means a sum
mary, a- summing up, a condensed ac
count. We may say that a particular
magazine or paper gives a good resume of
current events.
Connoisseur — Pronounced con-1-seur,
with the accent upon the last syllable. A
connoisseur is a critical judge, or rather a
person who is competent to pass critical
judgment upon anything. The word is
most commonly used in speaking of a per
son thoroughly competent to pass judg
ment upou the worK of Borne particular
department of art. A man who is mak
ing a specialty of collecting rare water
colors aud who Is considered from long
experience competent to pass upon a pic
ture offered is said to be a connnoisseur In
water colors.
Altruistic— This word is now very com- !
monly used. The noun is altruism. It is
opposed to selfishness. Any movement
having for its :hiel end the good of others
may be termed altruistic. Note this word i
In your newspaper and magazine reading.
You are sure to meet it.
.Ghetto— The name Ghetto is given to the
ifert of a city or town formerly set apart
tor the Jews, aa In Rome or Frankfort- '
on-the- Rhine. At present this name is a
synonym for "Jewish quarter."
Radical— Measures are radical when they
are extreme or directly opposed to conven
tional or commonplace methods. A man
is radical when he is the opposite of con- :
servative ln his ideas and methods In po- j
lltical, religious and social affairs. Ihe .
radical breaks away from ail traditions i
and established customs.
Salon— Pronounced sab-long, with the j
second syllable accented. An apartment ,
in which a company Is to receive; hence,
a fashionable reception or gathering. The :
name salon is specifically applied to peri
odic social reunions in Paris. The name is
also applied to the annual exhibition ln
Paris of works of living artists.
Bohemian— A person, especially an ar- ,
tlst or literary' man, who leads a free '
life, having little regard to what society |
he frequents and despising the »nven
tional. One who prefers adventure and i
speculation to settled industry and who
does not work well ht the harness of or- j
dinary life. This word is pretty -rally !
used in America as the opposite of con
ventional. The bohemian's dress and hab
its una dinners and pleasures are not al- i
SHOP AND TRADE STUDIES FOR BOYS.
Copyright, 1899, by Seymour Eaton.
X. ARITHMETIC OF THE WORK
SHOP. j
Note.— end young men beginning
the work of this course should have a
knowledge of elementary arithmetic as
far as common fractions. Including the
tables known as long, square and cublo
measures.
Lesson No. 1.
Lengths cr distances are measured by
the foot, yard or mile. Land is measured
by the chain, which consists of 100 links
and Is 22 yards long. Areas are measured
by the square foot, square yard or square
mile. Solids are measured by the cubic
inch, cubic foot or cubic yard.
A root of lumber is a solid containing
144 cubic Inches. A piece of board a foot
square and an Inch thick is said to be a
board foot. If cut Into equal pieces and
these are placed on top of each other so
POSTUM CEREAL.
THE MINISTER'S COFFEE.
Hurt Him Worse Than the Devil Did.
"I used the old-fashioned coffee from
my babyhood, and like many others
thought I could not live without it.
Was In the army four years during the
Rebellion and came out very much
broken In health. I was compelled to
quit the active work of the ministry
for more than a year at a time, suf-
fering terribly from stomach and In-
testinal troubles and ton liver, with
the consequent nervous headache and
prostration, lumbago and rheumatism.
"Four years ago. being confined to
bed with these troubles and ulceration
of the liver, my physician positively
forbade the use of coffee and brought
me some Postum Cereal Food Coffee.
Since that time myself and family have
used no ther coffee. All my Intestinal
trouble has been greatly relieved, and
I no longer suffer from rheumatism
and very little from torpid liver or bil-
iousness.
"I am fully convinced that coffee is
very largely responsible for the greater
part of all stomach, intestinal and livei-
troubles from which people suffer. I
am now 58 years old, and my health
has been so much improved that I do
aa much work as I ever did, and with
about as much comfort. I can con-
scientiously 'attribute it chiefly to the
use of Postum Cereal Food Coffee.
There are several friends who have had
valuable experience with the leaving
off of coffee and the use of Postum
Food Coffee. It gives me pleasure to
add mv testitmony to help humanity
to understand that the very general
cause of sickness Is, 1 consider, largely
attributable to mistakes In the use of
food and drink." Rev. J. A. Flickinger.
pastor of the Lutheran church, Kays
Hill. Pa. Grocers sell Postum Coffee,
and Postum Cereal Co.. Ltd., make it
at Rattle Creek, Mich. '
Ajj^VJfALIS
Sr_^i^M(^ THE NEW
nrtr IL v. y . -.•»• -^jfc Tl FRENCH ■■
VITALIS 201hCay -J-5C M DEBACfIV
iVcuil I J :_ THr: 'hovi. 30th Day. fit till tU IS I
RLSI'I.TH. ll quickly* gurely removes Nervousnesi, ImtMUacr,
Nightly Emissions, Evil Dreams Wasting Disease* and ail effect*
at *elf-abo»e or excess xr* Indiscretion. Restores Lost Vitality,
Power «nd Fail Memory. Wards off tnsanity.and Consump-
tion. Cure* when all other* fail. Insist on having VITALIB,
Dc, other. Can be carried in the vest pocket. By mail $1.00
for i'-irk»ee or six for $5.00 with a guarantee to Cure or
Kr n't the Money. Circular Free. Adores* '
CALUMET CURE CO.. 834 Dearborn St.. CMrol*
Sold by Owl Drug Co.. S. F. and Oakland,
THE WEEKLY CALL.
Enlarged to 16 Pages. $1 per Year
ways in harmony with the rules or cus
toms of society.
Personality— A man's personality is that
which pertains to his person, the things
which characterise him, the impression,
made by ids person. Personality differs
from address. A man of good address ls
a man who is well dressed and of courte
ous, free and gentlemanly speech. A man
of pleasing personality ls a man the good
ness of whose character impresses one im
mediately. A man of strong personality
is a man with strong and effective power
of will.
Bourgeois— Pronounced boor-zhwah. This
Word is commonly used in the sense
of unrefined or uncultured. In France the
name bourgeoisie, pronounced boor
ehwah-rt, is used to designate the middle
or artisan class, as distinguished from the
aristocracy.
Stilted— Elevated and stiff as If on stilts;
hence the word is used in the sense of me
chanical or unnatural; as, a stilted walk;
a stilted letter; a stilted style; a stilted
speech.
Diplomacy— The art and practice of con
ducting negotiations between nations. The
name is applied generally in the sense of
tact, or of dexterity and skill in the man
agement of men. We say that a man is
diplomatic when he exercises keen Judg
ment and a cautious policy in securing the
co-operation of other men. The word pol
itic is very similar In meaning, but refers
more to careful personal relations.
Renaissance— Pronounced ren-nay-sahns.
This word means a new birth, a revival or
resurrection, and is applied specially to
the period of awakening in arts and let
ters during the last centuries of the dark
ages. The renaissance began in Italy in
the fourteenth century and spread gradu
ally over Western Europe. The name is
applied also to the art and architecture
which belonged to that period of history,
as: "The renaissance style of building
and decoration succeeded the Gothic and
sought to reproduce the forms of classical
ornamentation."
This series will be continued next week.
Let us turn now to a few suggestions and
cautions which will aid us in our written
speech.
When we speak of pure air, pure water
or pure gold we mean air, gold or water
that has been cleared of all extraneous
matter. Similarly, when we speak if pure
language we mean language that has been
cleared of all extraneous words and
phrases. The dross of language consists
of vulgarisms, words and phrases that
should be avoided even in conversation
such as "kid" for child, "kick the buck
et," "you bet," etc.; colloquialisms, words
and phrases admissible in conversation,
but not suitable for written composition,
such as "jiffy" for instant, "sat upon" for
censured, etc. Colloquialisms when used
at the proper time and place may give
force and zest to conversation. A collo
quialism which may be quite proper in the
speech of one person may be wholly out of
place in the speech of another: provincial
isms, words confined to some particular
province or locality; obsolete words; for
eign words which have not been incorpor
ated into our language; newly coined
words. We must not rid our speech of all
its spice and ginger and snap, but it must
be remembered that these qualities cannot
be introduced by words merely. Language
is simply the wire which carries the mes-
sage.
Propriety of language means the using
of words (1) in their proper senses, (2) in
proper connections. Any sense or connec
tion of words may be considered proper
that has the concurrent authority of stan
dard writers who have lived near enough
to our own time to be regarded as safe
guides for present usage. We shall take
up for our lesson next week a few com
mon Improprieties of speech.
as to make a block _ Inches square and 4
Inches thick it ls still a board foot. To
find the solid contents of such a block we
multiply the length and breadth and
thickness together, that ls 6x6x4, which
gives us 144. The student will note, then.
that a foot of lumber is 144 cubic inches
of lumber, no matter what shape the
wood may be.
In the following exercises only flat sur
faces are considered. All the boards may
be taken as only one Inch thick:
1. How many feet of lumber in an Inch
board 8 feet long by 6 Inches wide?
2. A floor ls the shape of the above dia
gram. AB is 42 feet and AC 36 feet. It
has an elevator shaft 8 feet by 10 feet in
the center. Find the cost at 5 cents a foot
of the inch lumber necessary to cover the
remainder of the floor.
3. How many feet of lumber in a board
13 feet 6 inches long by 16 Inches wide?
4. A tight board fence 6 feet high is to
be built around a field of 60 rods by 40
rods. llow much lumber will it take?
(Note— rod is lG feet)
5. How many square Inches are there on
the two sides of a board which Is 7 feet 3
Inches long by 2 feet 2 Inches wide?
6. A square yard is cut from a board IS
feet long and 18 Inches wide. Find the
length of the remainder.
7. A board platform IS feet wide is to bo
built around a railway station 30 feet by
60 feet. If the lumber Is to be 1 Inch thick
how many feet will lt take?
8. An advertising sign 100 feet long by 20
feet high is made of inch lumber costing
$30 a thousand feet. Find the value of
THE BAN EBANCIBCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1899,
the lumber in the fcigtiL . a -
9. A "walnut boaW Ts 10 feet long, by 18
inches wide, HOW Jhanr fefit and Inches
bf life length ffiiist be cut off td wake m
bdam feet?
10. Find the value of the inch lumber at '
6 1 .* cents a foot In a platform of the shape !
shown in the diagram, considering that
each arm of the cross (AB or CD) is IS
feet long and 6 feet wide.
HINTS AND ANSWERS.
Lesson No. 1. (1) 4 feet.^The board is !
96 inches by 8 inches, %X6-r-144=4. (2) j
$71 60. The area of the whole floor is 1512 i
square feet and the area of the elevator ;
space is 80 square feet. There are there
fore 1432 feet to be covered and each
square foot represents a board foot. (3)
18 feet. (4) 19,800 feet. (5) 4524 square
inches. (6) 12 feet. A square yard con- t
tains nine times 144, or 1296 square inches.
This divided by 18 inches (the breadth)
gives 72 inches (the length). If 6 feet are |
cut off, 32 feet will remain. (7) 4536 feet.
The platform in a straight line would be
I 252 feet long by IS feet wide. (8) $60. (9) .
3 feet. It is necessary to cut off 648 square :
Inches (4^ square feet). A surface 86
Inches long by 18 inches wide equals 648
square inches. (10) $11 70.
Note— Lessons in drawing, office arith
metic and business records will follow the j
lessons in "Arithmetic of the Workshop. , |
COURSES OP INSTRUCTION.
Autumn-Winter Term, 1899-1900.
MONDAYS and THURSDAYS:
Popular Studies in Shakespeare.
TUESDAYS: The World's Great
Artists.
WEDNESDAYS: Desk Studies for
Girls and Shop and Trade Studies for
Boys.
FRIDAYS: Great American States- |
men.
SATURDAYS: Home Science and
Household Economy.
These courses will continue until
February 15, 1900.
Examinations will be held at their
' close as a basis for the granting of
I certificates.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
R. F. Cassidy. an influential attorney of
Treka, is a guest at the Grand.
Judge J. F. Posten has come up from
Selma and is a guest at the Lick.
Captain and Mrs. L. P. Larsen of Rio
Vista are registered at the Grand.
E. F. Sweeney, a leading brewer of Seat
tle, ls here for a few days on a visit.
R. R. Spencer, a prominent banker of
Seattle, is spending a few days in San
Francisco.
W. B. Harrison, Mayor of Stockton, is
a guest at the Russ, where he arrived
yesterday.
Bishop Nichols has come up fror^ his
home in San Mateo and is staying at the
Occidental.
George A. Arnold, one of the leading
citizens of Vacaville, Is at the Lick for
a short stay.
A. J. Wilson, a fortunate mining man
of the Klondike, is registered at the Lick
from Dawson.
A. P. Redman, a prominent and popu
lar merchant of Woodland, is a guest at
the Occidental. -
W. H. Nichols, a prominent business man,
of Portland. Or., Is among the recent ar
rivals at the Grand.
Surveyor General M. J. Wright came
down yesterday from Sacramento and is
staying at the Grand.
A. P. Hall, one of the leading mer
chants of Visalia, is at the Occidental ac
companied by his wife.
H. ' Dindsey. one of the leading fruit
growers of Fresno, ls among the arrivals
of yesterday at the Lick.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Zicovich. two well
known society people of San Jose, are
registered at the Occidental.
James R. Ryland, the San Jose banker
and capitalist, is among the arrivals of
last evening at the Occidental.
Alex M. Wilson, a wealthy sugar planter
of Hllo, Hawaiian Islands, is registered
at the Occidental with his wife.
Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Carolan have come
up from their summer home at Burlln
game and have taken rooms at the
Palace.
At the Palace there arrived a large
number of Raymond excursionists who
are touring the State from various parts
of the Union.
Deputy United States Surveyor Chaun
cey M. St. John and Special Treasury
Agent Converse J. Smith went to San Jose
last evening to visit friends.
i B. Galloway, an extensive fruit rancher
of Walnut Creek, is at the Puss, where
he Wiil remain during the short visit he
purposes making in this city.
The Boston Lyric Opera Company ar
rived from Portland yesterday en route
for Australia. A number of the principal
artists are staying at the Palace.
United States Appraiser John T. Dare
returned yesterday from a trip to New
York City, where he had been attending a
convention of appraisers for the purpose
of securing uniformity of action in per
forming the duties of the office.
General George F. Alford. the historian
of Dallas, Texas, is now visiting this city
accompanied by his wife. General Alford
has contributed to the press from time to
time many interesting and well-written
sketches of frontier life, which have been
extensively copied all over the United
States, and have caused much Interest in
Europe.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.— Robert O.
Eberle and George Osbourne Jr. of San
Francisco are at the Rivers; Mr. and
Mrs. Lloyd of San Francisco are at the
Majestic; W. G. Morrow of San Fran
cisco is at the Empire; C. S. Windsor of
San Francisco is at the Bay State.
MINISTERS AT DINNER.
A dinner wns held at the California
Hotel last evening, the occasion being the
regular monthly meeting of the Congre
gational Club of San Franclsco. Rev. R.
H. Chamberlain presided, and the thirty
gentlemen present listened with pleasure
and gratification to the address of wel
come which he delivered.
The topic discussed after the dinner
had been disposed of was the recent In
ternational convention of Congregational
churches held in Boston, to attend which
went three members of the local club.
: The speakers who held forth ' on the
subject last night were Rev. George C.
Adams, Rev. C. R. Brown. Rev. H. H.
Wycoff and Rev. Walter Frear. Each
one of these gentlemen had something
Interesting and Instructive to say and
which held their audience, until nearly
midnight, when the meeting broke up.
Injured by a Car.
Thomas Brady, 2228 Geary street, at
tempted to board a car at Larkin and
Hayes streets yesterday afternoon and
fell. The platform of the car crushed his
right leg. breaking both bones and dis
locating his hip joint. He was taken to
the Receiving Hospital.
WRECKS ON THE
BEACH AT CAPE
NOME NUMEROUS
Steamers and Schoon
ers Driven Ashore.
♦ -
EL PRIMERO A LUCKY VESSEL
♦
BOUGHT FOR A SONG, SHE IS
NOW COINING MONEY.
♦
Cruiser Newark Takes Mail to Philip
—City of Papeete Arrives
Prom Tahiti Transport
From Honolulu.
Vessels going to Cape Nome with pas
sengers and general merchandise have a
hard time of it. Many of the smaller
craft drag their anchors and go ashore,
while nearly a third of the merchandise
is lost by the capsizing of the lighters.
Some of the boats that go ashore get
off, but quite a few have left their bones
to bleach on "the golden shore."
E. "Manny" Fogel has Just returned
from a trip to Kotzebue Sound, Golovin
Bay and Cape Nome. Yesterday he was
telling his friends on the front what he
thought of the different districts.
"Kotzebue is a good place to stay away
from," he said. "Golovin Bay is all right,
but it is not a poor man's diggings.
However, at Cape Nome there is gold for
everybody. When I left there the min
ers were washing from $20 to $50 a day
out of the sand of the beach.
"It is a terrible place to land at, how
ever. There is a gravel beach and no
holding ground. In consequence the ves
sels have to stand on and off and land
their passengers and cargo in lighters.
Sometimes the steamer is driven off and
then it occasionally takes her a week to
get back again. Barges going ashore
with provisions are caught in the break
ers and rolled over, and that is the end
of the merchandise. I think I am safe
in saying that a third of the goods that
are sent to Cape Nome are lost by the
' capsizing of lighters.
"The old pilot-boat Caleb Curtis Is a
total wreck. She dragged her anchor,
went ashore among the gold hunters and
was lost. The schooners George Swan,
; R. Eckert and Lady George laid their
bones on 'the golden shore,' while
j the steamer Elk went ashore but
i got off. The steamer Joe Matthews
' was not so successful. She went
! a.shore and nothing but her machin
j cry was saved. The EI Primoro followed
j the Joe Matthews on the beach and
\ her owners thought so little of the chances
: of getting her off that they sold her as
j she lay for $100 to Jim Kennedy, who was
first mate of the steamer Bertha not long
i ago. Kennedy gave George Brown a half
' interest ln the steamer to get her off.
and before 1 left Nome they started for
'. the Siberian coast after a load of rein-
I deer. Kennedy and Brown will get rich
j out of that Investment of $100." Fogel
I brought down quite a sack of gold with
him from the mines and is going back
! to Anvil City in the spring.
! The cruiser Newark came down from
Mare Island yesterday afternoon and will
, sail for Manila via Honolulu and Guam,
early this morning. The postoffice offi
i cials put about ten tons of mail matter
aboard her. Nearly all of It is for the
. Philippines and Guam. Twenty tons of
fresh provisions were also taken aboard
the cruiser, so the crew will not suffer for
want of delicacies during the run to Ma
nila.
The transport Centennial arrived from
! Honolulu yesterday and will be got ready
I to take away another load of horses at
'■ once. She brought up First Lieutenant
! W. D. Strong of the Thirty-third In-
I fantry, six soldiers and seven civilians.
Lieutenant Strong was taken sick at
| Honolulu and was Invalided home. The
I soldiers are time-expired men and the
'civilians were In the employ of the Gov
: ernment at Honolulu.
The barkentlne City of Papeete arrived
from Tahiti yesterday. She brought up
' a large cargo of cocoanuts and copra, be
; sides the following passengers: Captain
I D. Dexter. Miss Pauline Droilet. W. Bry
' ant, G. Ross. M. McCarthy. Charles Olsen
j and five natives. Captain Dexter and all
] the male passengers, Including the na
tives, have come here to take the new
schooner built by Matthew Turner back
to Tahiti. Captain Berude of the City
of Papeete is accompanied by his wife
and Miss Droilet comes to San Francisco
on a visit, as their guest.
Reinsurance on the American ship
Charles E. Moody jumped to 50 per cent
yesterday. She Is now out IS3 days from
Norfolk, Va., for Honolulu, with a cargo
of coal. The general impression among
• shipping men is that she has gone to Ha
■ waii via the Cape of Good Hope. The
British ship Queen Victoria, on which 15
per cent reinsurance was paid, arrived at
Port Townsend yesterday and it now
transpires that the St. Enoch, which is
overdue here from Panama, and on which
15 per cent reinsurance has been paid,
was spoken when fifty-three days out, in
Panama Bay. She was In the doldrums
and was making no headway. The St.
Enoch, therefore, cannot be considered
overdue.
The steamer North Fork has been laid
up to have her boilers repaired and the
steamer Luella will go out on her run
next Saturday. The North Fork will not
be ready for sea again for over a week.
The delegation from lowa, to greet the
returning lowa regiment, now in Naga
saki on the Senator, went for an ex
cursion around the bay yesterday. They
| visited Hunters Point, the Union Iron
i Works and the battleship lowa.
SAILOR KITS MOT TO
BE HELD FOR DEBT
BOARDING-HOUSE KEEPER TO
BE MULCTED.
William Hermann Will Be Obliged
to Pay One Hundred Dollars for
Violating the Maguire Act.
Up to the decision of United States Dis- j
trict Judge Hanford of the State of !
Washington about two months ago, sail- j
ors whose kits had been retained by i
boarding-house keepers or others because i
of debt or for any other reason, had but. 1
little difficulty in recovering their prop
erty under the provision of the Maguire
act. The procedure in such cases was |
i the filing of a criminal complaint and the '
I arrest of the boarding-house keeper.
i When brought before the United States :
! Court Commissioner the defendants in al
! most every case settled the matter by
; surrendering the. clothing or other per
sonal property that had been withheld.
Judge Hanford's decision was to the
effect that criminal proceedings could not
be taken legally under the Maguire act, ,
I and that the proper procedure was tc i
bring, in the name of the United States,
a civil suit in the United States -District
i Court against the boarding-house keeper i
1 or other defendant for the collection of j
the $100 penalty provided for the act. ■ ' j
Assistant United States District At- ]
i torney Banning was applied to a few!
> days ago by Francis Manger, a sailor,
'. who complained that William H. Her- '
: mann, the keeper of a sailor boarding- !
house on Steuart street, had retained tils i
sea-going clothing under the plea that 1
■ Mauger owed him for board and lodging, ;
and refused to give up the property.
Mr. Banning notified Hermann that he ]
i was acting in violation or law. and ad
vised him to return. the clothing to Mau
ger, but Hermann refused to .follow the
advice. Mr. Banning thereupon filed a
complaint* in civil process against Her
, mann to recover $100 penalty and costs. I
Half of the penalty goes to the Informer,
| who, in this case, is the sailor. The other j
half and the costs go to the Government. '<
I United States District Attorney Coombs !
will press the suit vigorously for the pro-
I tectlon of sailors, for whose benefit the
Maguire act was passed by Congress.
Largest Entry of Raw Silk.
The largest entry of raw silk on record
at this port was made In the Custom
house yesterday, the Importation being
2320 bales from China and Japan for differ
ent manufacturing centers in the United
States. The importation is valued at
$1,175,296. ■-■•'--.
MEMBERS OF THE
RED CROSS HOLD
ANNUAL SESSION
State Society Elects
New Officers.
♦ —
INTERESTING REPORTS READ
♦
DELEGATES FROM MANY COUN
TIES PRESENT.
»
The Labors of the Past Year Favor
ably Commented On by Mem
bers — Names of Officers and
New Committees.
I When Mrs. Willard B. Harrington,
! president of the State Red Cross Society.
I called its second annual meeting to order
j in the rooms of the Philomath Club, cor
ner of Bush street and Van Ness avenue,
] yesterday morning, she addressed the as
! sembled delegates and warmly welcomed
i them In the name of the good cause they
j represented. She emphasized, as did
i every report read during the session, that
I the auxiliary should hold together, even
j though it held but one meeting a year,
| as Its members never knew what emer
i gency would call for active service.
I Among the delegates present were the
i following representatives of the various
! auxiliaries: Redwood City, Mrs. S. T.
i Fox; St. Helena, Mrs. J. M. Holihen;
i Oakland, Mrs. Ada Van Pelt, Mrs. John
Bakewell and airs. J. G. Lemmon; San
Jose, Mrs. Addie Frink; Castroville, Mrs.
Grace M. Huxley; Sausalito, Mrs. L. M.
| Harrison; New Almaden, Mrs. F. S. Lo-
I well; Calistoga. Mrs. Cora Towle; Ala
| meda, Mrs. M. F.'McGurn; San Francisco,
: Miss Annie M. Beaver; Oroville, Kate H.
Boynton; Auburn, Mrs. Emma Prewetf.
Visalia, Miss Francis Butz; Vacaville,
Clara H. Heriot; Sacramento, Mrs. Albert
Elkus, and Hanford, Mrs. B. A. Fassett.
Mrs. L. L. Dunbar, secretary of the so
j ciety, read her annual report. She told
of the closing of the Convalescent Home
1 and how it has since been used as a read
! ing room, nurses" home and stopping !
| place for officers and their families, en
| route to the Philippines. She stated that
; 139 patients had been treated at the hos
i pital; that in August last the Red Cross
I Society offered to reopen the home, but
| the Government officials thankfully de
clined the offer, stating that the Govern
| ment was now able to handle the sick and
j Wounded without outside assistance.
C. M. Waage, one of the nurses who
went to the Philippines with the First
California Regiment, detailed at length
his experiences In that distant country.
He also eulogized the splendid work per
formed by Francis A. Blake Jr., who
helped nurse the soldiers back to health
and strength.' Mrs. Greenleaf, the wife
of Colonel Greenleaf, head of the medical
department, followed. She made an ap
peal for literature for the library in
augurated in Manila by the late Colonel
Milev, which she proposes to keep up.
The following report, which is of great
interest to the members of the great or
ganization, was then read by Mrs. Dun
bar: fyTyyy
CALIFORNIA RED CROSS, STATE SOCIETY,
OCTOBER 18, 1898, TO OCTOBER 17, 1889.
RECEIPTS.
Cash on hand October 18, 1898 $8,738 14
Initiation fees from four Red Cross so
cieties •' *0 00
Badges •• 85 <>>
Red Cross societies 12,00. 42
Red Cross societies and others, Manila
field • 2.616 29
Red Cross societies and others, hospital
use •• 469 22
Red Cross societies. Convalescent Home 574 31
On account of San Francisco Red Cross
Society 433 55
Citizens, schools, churches, clubs, etc.. 491 05
Identification medals 141 75
Discount on bills 47 43
Total $25,714 91
DISBURSEMENTS.
limes and medicines $1,024 35
Money, clothing and transportation 615 15
Printing, stamps, cablegrams, station
ery, drayage, etc 910 24
Identification medals 138 12
Colonel O. Summers for overcoats 150 10
California Red Cross Manila field and
emergency fund 12,030 30
Expense on account of Convalescent
Home 2,354 88
Office rent and supply department 210 50
Nurses' subsistence returning on trans
ports 48150
Paid on account of San Franclsco Red
Cross Society 433 55
Money advanced for San Francisco Red
Cross Society '. 77 50
Salary of clerk In office 447 30
Salary of porter in supply department.. 334 00
Paid on account of library at Manila... 230 00
Special emergency fund 3,000 00
Cash on hand 14 83
Cash in bank '3,222 67
Total $25,714 91
Reports were then read from Marin.
Calistoga, St. Helena, Oakland, Sacra
mento, Alameda, Hanford, Redwood City.
Fresno, Los Angeles, Auburn, Santa Ana,
Stockton, San Diego, Oroville, Redlands
and Santa Barbara.
An adjournment was taken for
luncheon, which was spread in an
adjoining room. When the session
reconvened Mrs. J. G. Lemmon sub
mitted the report of the commit
tee on testimonials, of which Mrs. Louis
Weinmann and herself are members. It
was to the effect that the beautifully en
grossed parchments would soon be ready
for presentation to the nurses and doc
tors who did such noble work in behalf
of the society In the Philippines. She
stated that each parchment would contain
the engrossed names of the officers and
executive committee of the' society. She
read the following list of names and stat
ed that each would receive a testimonial
of the Red Cross Societies' appreciation:
J. H. Laswell, Daisy Smythe, Minnie L.
Ralph. Mary A. Palm. Anna J. Garlick. C.
M. Waage. A. Parker Lewis, Henry Tan
ner Dr. Wilder Wright. Chester "?. Cad
well, Robert Durst. Rudolph Kibble. Dr.
Fenn Hart. Leon R. Crowther and Fran
cis A. Blake Jr.
The following directors were elected .or
the ensuing year: Mrs. Willard B. Har
rinton. Mrs. John H. Dickinson, Mrs. J. G.
Clarke, Mrs. Clarke. Mrs. Robert Mac
kenzie, Mrs. L. L. Dunbar, and Mrs. W.
R. Smedberg of San Francisco; Mrs. Al
bert Elkus of Sacramento. Mrs. Gran
ville S. Abbitt and Mrs. J. G. Lemmon of
Oakland; Mrs. Louis Weinmann of Ala
meda. Mrs. J. A. Harrison of Marin, Mrs.
A Marquand of Berkeley, Mrs. B. Bar
i;.h of Los Angeles. Mrs. C. Albin if
Fresno and Mrs. S. F. Lelb of San Jose.
The advisory board will consist of Mayor
Pbelan, Sheldon G. Kellogg. A. Mack.
Charles Sonntag. Charles C. Gardener,
Mrs M. F. McGurn. Mrs. A. W. Scott,
Mrs. John F. Merrill. Mrs. A. W. Bake
well. G. H. Mastic. Mrs. I. Lowenberg and
Mrs. I. L. Req.ua. -:-7-7 :
The officers for the ensuing year aro:
President. Mrs. Willard B. Harrington;
first vice president. Mr*. Louis Wein
mann; second vice presndent, Mrs. Albert
Elkus, and third vice president, Mrs.
Granville Abbott; secretary. Mrs. L. L.
Dunbar; treasurer, W. G. Brown; assis
tant treasurer. Mrs. John 11. Dickinson.
It Is understood that a number of re
ports read will be published In the Over
land Monthly for November. « v
FOR THE RED CROSS.
Band of the First California Gives
the Second of Their Concerts.
A small but appreciative audience lis
tened with pleasure to the concert" of
the band of the First California Regi
ment at the Alhambra last night. -
This was the second of the series of con
certs which will be given by the band
during the week.
The band selections were Interspersed
with solos, vocal and Instrumental. Mrs.
Eva Tenny, with her songs, was enthu
siastically encored. At the conclusion
of her second selection she was presented
with two splendid bouquets.
To-morrow night the house will be filled
with the boys of the Washington Regi
ment, and in the afternoon the manage
ment will entertain the orphans of San
Francisco. ,
The stage setting of the Filipino. house
affords a realistic background for the
band, the members of which were clad In
their campaign uniforms.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Weary |
I and Worn {
X Work and drudge! X
X Health disregarded! . €
W Haven't time to be sick. Tired and ailing f*
W but can't stop work. w
W m Stop long enough to remember that all (^
w there is in life is ▼
& forfeited when liealth X
(® Mrs. Evelyn W00d,. 518 •^^^v^^^P^^^t^^^^^x t^ll'i
Fulton Street, Peoria, 111.,
gp to be free from those dreadful Jm(Hs'^^_ -'
jX diseases with which women jarW^W^ ~~~^
are so apt to be afflicted, take i^^^M^^illyf W^i^^^MM- \
four years. My troubles were ' Vl \ y^^^^^a ■ , a
%F leucorrhoea and irregular ||||f^/T \^^» \ \%fefe ;: -^rr-: "
(p menstruation. The menses $$&//( If a \ \^^^^^m
NT Wash, I can truly say. lam I H \\\\
«* enjoying a new life. Menses i 1 \w E3>\ V
last the proper length of time. S'|» w^^^^ i^-»^
I feel better than I have for pi fWg^j-^L^^^^^ m^^*
ten years. I praise your Wm V^^^^z^" '^^V^' W^^ I
medicine to all my friends. ||| |^^-^^*^^' >o^M igrr^r.
If any one would like to write 1^ bPS- •^^^N^^^v^'i^ J
tome in regard to your Vege- i||| W'^ff n^Jw^S
has done for me, I will gladly |j >^^^^^k
%^ answer their letter." ■:" [' fti^^^^^
J| Airs. S: Barnhart, New |
. . intended to have written to
4& you before, but since my re- 'fe^^^^^^^^^ :; f-M^^^^^^H'
]L covery I have been very busy. I^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^O
W I had been sick ever since my j
mp marriage, seven years ago; /
Jh have given birth to seven W^^^^W
j^ children, and had two miscar- /fllss^jpj
sT* riages. I had falling of womb,
$ leucorrhoea, pains in back
and legs; dyspepsia and a
sT nervous trembling of the |||
(^ stomach. Now I have none J*s_s
& of these troubles and can en- -^^—^fftfflP^^
Jk joy my life. Lydia E. Pink- y^^^^^^^i^^&§^^^
X^ s ham's Vegetable Compound '.|l Af^^o^^^^^^^S^^ra
0 has worked wonders for me." j'j /^^^^^^j^^^^^r^^^^
Lydia E. Pinkham's \}^^^ffif(
5 Vegetable Compound llWs<^^^^
€ will surely aid suffer- I^^Hwßp
*P ing women and the
£ Mrs. Bradish' s Happy Letter. 5
\ "Dear Mrs. Pinkham— About two years ago I began to j&
l^v run down and soon became almost a wreck. I lost my appe- W
0 tite and began to lose flesh; my blood was impoverished and tf
0 I had to leave our store. The doctor gave me a little tonic, JL
\| but I steadily grew worse and consulted another doctor. He
yT helped me in some ways, but my -headaches continued, and I W
tf began to have night sweats and my rest was so disturbed that 4^
id I would have hysteria and would cry and worry over business
j± matters and my poor health. Finally, husband took me South, %T
W but with no benefit. This was a year ago ; no one can ever 0^
v know what a winter of misery T' spent. Would bloat after db
j& eating and was troubled with palpitation of heart and whites. Ji
V Having read by happy chance of your medicine, I bought it
X and wrote for your advice, and before having finished the W
ffi} first bottle of Lydia E. Pinkham s Vegetable Compound, the gfj>
]a hysterics nearly stopped and I slept soundly. I used seven or JK
XT eight bottles with such benefit that lam as healthy as I can
W ever remember of being.if I shall never cease to sound your W
praises.' —firs. E. fl. Bradish, 179 Dix A v., Detroit, flich. *&
% More Than a Million Women Have Been 2
# Helped by Mrs. Pinkham's Advice i
"J * and Medicine. #
Ie The Greatest $100
PAGES. ILLUSTRATED PAPER A YEAR.
I OP THE WE3T-THE ' . * * -
WEEKLY CALL.
910
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver lower. Exchange unaltered.
Wheat relapsed into dullness. Barley quiet. .
Wheat freights firm at better rates.
Oats firmly held, but dull. Rye firm and Corn quiet.
Middlings marked up 50c. No change in Bran.
Hay in better shape than for several months.
Beans continue to advance. Seeds as before quoted.
Potatoes firm and Onions steady.
Butter and Eggs continue to advance. Cheese firm.
Poultry still weak under targe stocks. Game quieter.
Crape's show the effect of the recent rain.
Pried fruits, Honey and Nuts firm and active.
Fair demand for Provisions at unchanged prices.
Plops quoted weaker and dull.
Wool quiet and unchanged. Hides and Leather active and firm.
Beef steady. Mutton firm, other Meats as before.
Charters.
The Tola loads mdse for London or Liverpool,
lump sum.
The St. Mungo lends wheat at Portland for
Europe. 40s.
The Austrfisla « chartered for wheat and
barley to Europe, 36s 6d; th mene, barley to
a direct U. K. port. 395; Silberhorn, wheat and
barley to Europe, 3Ss.
Exports of Flour and Wheat.
Exports of Flour from this port during the
first nine months of the year were 750,410 bbls.
Reducing this Flour to a Wheat basis and
adding It to the exported Wheat gives total
Wbeat exports fcr the first nine months of the
year of 4,364,400 ctls. valued at $4,93 ,900 against
6.290.000 ctls at $7,735,600 during the same time
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian -Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 17. 1899—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 56 San Diego 68
Fresno 68 Sacramento 70
Los Angeles 76 Independence 70
Red Bluff 7s Yuma 82
Fan Luis Obispo 76
San Franclsco data: Maximum temperature,
f2: minimum, 50: mean, 56.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen rapidly during the
past twenty-four hours on the Pacific Coast.
There are some Indications of the approach of
a low north of Tillamook Head. The tempera
ture has risen slowly over Central California,
and dry, moderately warm weather has pre
vailed over the fruit drying section. Rain has
fallen from Cape Mendocino northward on the
coast, and conditions are such that showers
may occur over Northern California,
Forecast made at s.i:, Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, October 18, 1899:
For Northern California— Cloudy Wednesday,
with occasional light showers ;:l extreme north
ern portion: southeasterly winds.
For Southern California— Fair Wednesday,
for Nevada— Cloudy Wednesday.
For Utah— Cloudy Wedm .-lav.
For Arizona— Fair Wednesday; warmer at
Phoenix and east.
For San Frani and- vicinity Cloudy and
threatening In the morning; fair Wednesday;
fresh southerly, changing to westerly, winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.— There was a short
lived demonstration by the bulls in the Stock
Market to-day, but before trading was sus
pended the early gains were largely cur
tailed and in some cases more than wiped out.
The strength was attributed to various
causes. The reappearance this week upon the
floor of the exchange of several operators who
took a large part in last spring's big bull
market, and who have been away on long
summer vacations, gave something of a fillip
to bullish sentiment. The quiet tone of the
money market yesterday In the face of oper
ations Incident to the change of old Central
racific becurities for new encouraged some
sentiment for a rise. There were one or two
stocks in the list which were notably strong
from Individual causes which were rumored
but not authoritatively disclosed, and which
helped to sustain prices. Among these were
Pullman arid Great Northern .-:-•'- i ed, al
though the latter more than lost the early
gains. The Baltimore and Ohio stocks were
conspicuously Strong, the common rising an
extreme 2% and the preferred -. Laclede Gas
continued Its advance and readied as high as
80. The Grangers, Louisville .Southern Pa
cific were quite well taken early in the day,
apparently by public interests. The public was
not In evidence at any time during tha day.
Call muney continued at 6 per cent or below
In spite of the fact that many banks report
their cash still below the legal reserve. But
while the money rate did not tighten, a num
ber of industrial stocks, especially those
classed as "Green" in Wall-street parlance,
showed signs of weakness as might happen if
they were subjugated to discrimination by mon
ey lenders in the shifting of loans. The glucose
stocks were notably affected, the common drop
ping nearly 8 points ar.d sing near the low
est, while the preferred lost 3%.
The Iron and steel stocks as a group also
weakened simultaneously. Steel and Wire lead
ing with an extreme decline of 2%. Others
of the group Buffered to the extent of between
1 and 2 points. This unsettled the bull move
ment and wiped out pretty much all the gains
which had been established. Prices struggled
upward In the final dealings to a level lor the
most part slightly above last night, but the
sap was taken out of the movement. There
was a warning rally in the rates for foreign
exchange during the day which was unheeded.
Signals of distress were In evidence ln the
German money markets and sterling exchange
fel! sharp at the Continental centers. Includ
ing Paris. Discount rates in London responded
with an advance and exchange rates here, both
on Paris and London, rose* in sympathy. Added
to this the fact that money is still going to
the Interior in considerable volume, and that
Government payments through the sub-treas
ury are again falling off, promising a re
newed drain on the money market on account
of revenue receipts and that applications 'for
anticipated payments for Government Interest
continue on a small scale, and the outlook for
easier money ls not promising. This consid
eration was sufficient to give pause to the
efforts to advance prices.
The bond market was moderately active and
prices Improved. Total sales, par value.
$2,005,000. .*-... -..,,
United States bonds were unchanged In bid
quota!
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Scares MMta Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
270 Atchison 20%
15,136 Atchison prefd My
9.208 Baltimore ft Ohio '.'.'.'.'.'.'.' 62%
, Canadian Pacific JJJJJJJJJ 91
CanS Southern " " si&c
1,020 Chesapeake ft Ohio JJ 2 r .4
1.090 Chicago Great Western j4t|
12,620 Chicago, Burlington ft Quincy "*IBO%
_ Chicago, Ind ft Louisville JJ U-v
100 Chicago. Ind ft Louisville prefd. JJJ 44'
, Chicago & Eastern ILliinbis JJJJ 95
1,477 Chicago ft Northwestern 167%
4,450 Chicago, Rock Island ft Pacific 112%
3,1 i0 '' CCft St Louis s S i'|
625 Colorado Southern 474
• Colorado Southern Ist prefd 42
Colorado Southern 2d prefd J 15
700 Delaware ft Hudson 120%
400 Delaware. Lack & Western 187%
200 Denver ft Rio Grande : 21
Denver ft Rio Grande prefd 74H
400. Erie 183
500 Erie Ist prefd 86%
8,291 Great Northern prefd 17(5
» Hocking Caol 1814
120 ■king Valley 80%
270 Illinois Central 112%
» lowa Central 18%
» lowa Central prefd 56
Kansas City, Pittsburg & Gulf 8
Lake Erie ft Western 18
Lake Erie ft Western prefd 80%
Lake Shore 205
10.010 Louisville & Nashville 52%
6,831 Manhattan Elevated ..' 107
1 PSB Metropolitan Street Railway— ..—..l 93
2.200 Mexican Central 13%
200 Minneapolis ft St Louis 72
» Minneapolis ft St Louis prefd 05
2.900 Missouri Pacific 44
Mobile ft Ohio 44%
Missouri, Kansas ft Texas....; 12%
200 Missouri, Kansas ft Texas prefd 38%
400 New Jersey Central 118%
6,070 New York Central 184% i
1,050 Norfolk & Western 24%;
200 Norfolk & Western prefd 6.-%
6.450 Northern Paclflc 62%
1.060 Northern Pacific prefd 74% |
1,400 Ontario & Western 24% I
Oregon Railway & Nay 42 ]
Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 76 I
MO Pennsylvania 131%
300 Reading 1014
4,100 Reading Ist prefd 67%
100 Reading 2d prefd 31%
Rio Grande Western 37%
Rio Grande Western prefd 80
600 St Louis & San Francisco 10%
100 St Louis & San Francisco Ist prefd. 63
St Louis & San Francisco 2d prefd.. 36
1.000 St Louis, Southwestern 18%
2.600 -St Louis. Southwestern prefd 31%
14,340 St Paul 125
St Paul prefd 171
100 St Paul & Omaha 119
21.975 Southern Pacific 87%
650 Southern Railway 1144
4.395 Southern Railway prefd 52%
225 Texas & Pacific 18%
8.300 Union Pacific 43%
3,620 Union Pacific prefd 75%
Wabash "%
600 Wabash prefd -'7
1,000 Wheeling & L F 11%
1,200 Wheeling & L E 2d prefd so
100 Wisconsin Central 16
Express Companies—
Adams *15
American 14 *
United States 50
Wells-Fargo 130
Miscellaneous —
625 American Cotton Oil 48%
American Cotton Oil prefd 95
400 American Malting 13%
440 American Malting prefd 58
915 American Smelting and It 85%
210 American Smelting and R prefd 87
American Spirits 3%
American Spirits prefd 20
650 American Steel Hoop 42%
100 American Steel Hoop prefd £4
12.850 American Steel and Wire 50%
2.600 American Steel and Wire prefd 96
625 American Tin Plate 36%
200 American Tin Plate prefd 85%
17,310 American Tob=cco 119%
400 American Tobacco prefd 143
1.050 Anaconda Mining Co 48
73.683 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 83%
2.250 Colorado Fuel and Iron 64%
2,225 Continental Tobacco 41%
335 Continental Tobacco prefd 92%
13,570 Federal Steel 63%
1.495 Federal Steel prefd 77%
120 General Electric 118%
7,650 Glucose Sugar 54%
1,415 Glucose Sugar prefd 105%
1.270 International Paper 24%
2.025 International Paper prefd 70
5,280 Laclede Gas 79
400 National Biscuit 42% :
National Biscuit prefd 86%
6,200 National Lead 29%
' National Lead prefd 110
2.150 National Steel 50%
235 National Steel prefd 94%
100 New York Air Brake 144
400 North American 12%
200 Pacific Coast 47% ■
Pacific Coast first prefd 84
Paclflc Coast second prefd 66%
.1.640 Pacific Mall 89
8,315 People's Gas 109% I
200 Pressed Steel Car 58 '
100 Pressed Steel Car prefd 89
6,546 Pullman Palace Car 204%
Standard Rope and Twine 6%
29.160 Sugar 143%
Sugar prefd 116%
2.660 Tennessee Coal and Iron 115%
7.000 United States Leather 14% i
2,935 United States Leather prefd 77 I
2.100 United States Rubber 45%
United- States Rubber prefd 112 ]
I 1,660 Western Union 87%
8,300 Republic T and S 28%
700 Republic T and S prefd 70%
P C C and St L 72%
397.300 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s reg 100% I ; Do 4s 93
Do 3s reg 107%!N V Cent 4g 111%
D 3s coupon 10S IN J Cent gen 55.. .119
Do new 4s reg — 128% ! N Carolina 6s 127
Do new 4s coup. 129% Do 4s 104
Do old 4s reg — 111 Nor Pac lsts 113
Do old 4s c0up.. .112 I Do 3s 60%
Do Es reg 110% Do 4s 102 I
Do 6s coup 111% N Y. C ft St L 4s. 104
Dist of Col 3 C 05 ..117 Nor & West con 4s 91%
Alabama, class A. llO j Do gen 6s 135 i
Do. class B 110 Or Nay lsts 115 '
Do. class C ....103 Do 4s 102%
Do, currency 100 'Or S Line 6s 126%
Atch gen 4s 99 , Do con Es 114%
Do adj 4s 87 Reading Gen 45.... 86%
Can So 2ndß 108 Rio G West lsts.. 97
Chec & Ohio 4%5.. 95 SL& I M con 109%
Do 6a 117% X ___ &S F gen 124%
C & N con 7s 145 St Paul cons 168
Do S F deb 55.. .105% St P. C & Pac 15.121%
Chi Terln 4s 98 ! Do 6s 120%
Den & R G 15t5. .103 So Ry 5s 108
Do 4s 99 |S Rope & T 80
E Term. V & Glslo3%.Tenn new settle-
Erie General 4s 71%- ment Ss 93
F W ft D C lsts.. 77%. Tex & Pac 15t5. ...114
Gen Elect 6s 116 , Do 2nds 5b
GH & A6s 108 Union Pac 4s 103%
Do 2nds 110 Wabash lsts 115
H & Tex Cent .108 , Do 2nds HO
Do con 6s 103 West Shore 4a 112%
lowa Cent lata ....114 «*A'ls Cent lata 75
Kan C. P & G ls. 71%. Va Centuries 85%
La new con 4s 106 Do deferred 5
L & N unified 45.. 99% Colo ft So 4s 85
M, X & Tex 2nds. 69 ;
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 34 Ontario 7 50
Crown Point 15 pphlr 84
Con Cal & Va.... 1 60 ; Plymouth 08
Deadwood 70 Quicksilver 160
Gould & Curry 32! Do prefd 650
Hale & Norcross.. 38 Sierra Nevada 60
Homestake 65 00 Standard 2 50
Iron Silver 63 Union Con 35
Mexican 35 Yellow Jacket 25
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— | Union Land 4%
Call loans 6 West End 94'
'rime loans WesUnghse E1e0... 47%
Stocks— j Bonds—
! A •]' & S F... 80% Atchison 4s 98
A T & S F prefd.. 63% ; Mining Shares-
I American Sugar ...113% Adventure 6%
Am Sugar prefd. .. 116% AHouez Mm C 0.... 4%
! Bell Telephone ....870 Atlantic 27
; Boston & Albany.. 243 [Boston & Mont 340
; Boston Elevated ..105 . Butte & Boston 63
Boston & Maine. ...199 Calumet « Hecla.. .760
Chi, Bur & Q 130%. Centennial 23%
j Fltchburg. prefd.. .ll9 Franklin 17
General Electric ..US Humboldt 1%
Gen Elect prefd. ...129 J>sceo)a 81%
' Federal Steel 53%! Parrot 23%
: Fed Steel prefd.... 77% Quincy 152
Mexican Central .. 13% Santa Fe Copper... 10%
' Mich Telephone.. ..los Tamarack 210
eld Colorty 206 Winona 8
'Rubber 45 Wolverines 40%
I Union Pacific ....... 43% Utah 35
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. .17.— Money on call steady
at 556 per cent; lost loan, 6 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper. 6%®6 per cent. Sterling ex
change, strong with actual business In bank
ers' bills at $4 56%@4 87 for demand and at
$4 52%®4 83 for sixty days. Posted ratea, $4 83%
and $4 87%. Commercial bills, $4 81%. Silver
certificates. f,S%@s9c. Bar silver, 67% c. Mcx-
I ican dollars 47c. Government bonds, steady.
State bonds. Inactive. Railroad bonds, strong.
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 17.-To-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $286,006,145: gold reserve,
$255,216,227. "
London Market.
NEW TORK. Oct. 17.-The Commercial Ad
vertiser's I,ondon financial- cablegram -says*
The markets here were quiet in the absence
of war news. They were fairly firm. • •..-. :
Americana were the beat section, opening
above parity and strengthening In the after
noon. They closed at the ■ top in the atreet
The feature was Baltimore and, Ohio on New
York orders. Louisville and Nashville and
THE SAN FRANCTSCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1899.
Southern Paclflc were also strong on arbitrage
buying.
Spanish 4s and Tlntos were steady; Anacon
das. 9%; Ftahs, 7; Bostons, 1%.
The bank sent £250,000 gold to Egypt and
bought £29.000 ln bars.
Money was a drug on the market and bills
were easier.
The Bank of England has raised its discount
rate from 4% to 5 per cent. The Bank of Bengal
has raised Its rate from 7 to 8 per cent.
CLOSING.
Canadian Paclflc. 94%; Union Pacific pre
ferred, 77%: Northern Pacific preferred, 76%;
Atchison, 21%; Grand Trunk, 7%d ; Anaconda,
9%; bar silver, dull, at 26% d per ounce; money,
2'«2% per cent. The rate of discount in the
open market for short bills. 4%®4% per cent;
for three months' bills. 6%@6% per cent.
New York Grain and Produce.
«, . . *
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.— FLOURr-Recelpta,
47,000 barrels; exports, 9700. Market easier, ex
cept for low grades, which were . held quite
firmly on account of scarcity. Otherwise the
decline 1n wheat gave flour buyers a slight ad
vantage. Winter straits, $3 40(83 50; Minnesota
patents, $3 96*94 15.
WHEAT— Receipts, 99,575 bushels; exports,
8C9.158 bushels. Spot, weak; "No. 2 red, 76% cf.
o. b. afloat spot; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 78% c
f. o. b afloat to arrive, new; No. 1 hard Du
luth. 80% cto arrive; No. 2 red, 73% c elevator.
Options opened weak at a decline of %c under |
disappointing cables, which • made a full re
sponse to our loss of yesterday. The absence
of satisfactory export demand also led to fur
ther liquidation here and prices further de- |
clined 3-10 c. Renewed selling for short account i
was also a feature. Later there was a little .
covering, on which prices reacted partially, but
the market was finally weak at a net decline of I
%^?%c. March. 79!&79%c, closed 79c :_ May,
.78 i5-16(fj>79c, closed 79c; October. 73%(373%c, I
closed 73% c; December, 79 9-16c@75 15-16 c, closed
75% c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HlDES— Steady.
WOOL— Quiet.
. METALS— The metal market was ln a weak
and unsettled condition most of the day under j
disappointing cables from European markets
and unfavorable reports from producing points
at the West. Offerings here were more urgent
and demand exceptionally slack. At the close
the Metal Exchange called:
TIG IRON— Warrants, very dull at 818 nom
inal.
COPPER— Lake, dull at $1S 25 nominal.
TlN— Weak, with $31 CO bid and $31 95 asked.
LEAD— DuII, with $4 57% bid and $4 62%
asked.
SPELTER— Easy, with $5 40 bid and $5 50
asked. . „
The brokers' price for lead is $4 40 and for
copper $18.
COFFEE— closed steady at a net gain
of 5 to 16 points. Sales, 22,600 bags, Including:
November, $4 65@4 70; December, $4 SO® 4 85:
January. $4 %_'.\ 90; February. $5; March, $5 05
68 10; May, $5 20; June, $5 30; August, $5 35;
September, $5 40. Spot Coffee— Rio, firm and
tending upward. Mild, firmer.
SUGAR— Raw, firm on the good demand from
refineries. Refined, steady but quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts, 9953 packages; steady.
Western creamery. 17@24c; June creamery, 19®
21% c; factory. 14%@17c. •*.' *: "--.- ■*;
-Receipts, 12,224 packages. Quiet.
Western ungraded at mark, 15@19c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. Oct. 17.— California dried fruits:
APPLES— others, firm.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 6%®7c;
prime wire tray, 7%@7%c; choice, 7%®8%c;
fancy, 9®9%c.
PRUNES— 3%®Bc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 12@16c: Moorpark, 14®lSc.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 7%@9%c; peeled, 20
®22c.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Oct. 17— A decline of l%d at Liv- j
erpool and favorable crop reports put wheat
traders in a bearish temper at the opening. |
High ocean rates were against the mar- I
ket, and the longs began to unload at the out- j
set. There was not a great deal of short sell- |
' ing, however, as the break has been etch for j
S the last few days that trade was rather cau
tious, but liquidation to stop further losses was |
I generous and the market soon got below puts. .
I December opened %ffi%c lower at 70%@71c, sold :
! sparingly at 71c and declined to 70%®70%c. It \
i recovered to 70% con covering by shorts, settled
I a small fraction and then for an hour held at j
j about 70% c, with business during that time al- |
most at a standstill. During the latter part of j
! the session there was a slight recovery in price i
on covering induced by heavy clearances and a
report that India had commenced Importing .
1 wheat. The advance did not hold, however,
! as an Increase of 6,656,000 bushels In the world's |
; visible supply since a week ago started renew- j
ied liquidation, under which December de
! clined to 70% c. The close was at 70% ;---,
Corn ruled dull and weak. The wheat break !
! had some Influence and a break of %d at
Liverpool was also an important factor.
Elevator Interests and longs sold and the mar
ket got under puts, closing at the bottom. De
cember closed at 30% c.
| Oatt, were weak under active selling by longs
and in sympathy with the decline in wheat and
corn. There was a fair cash demand. Decem
ber closed at 22%®22%c.
Provisions were weak early owing to large re
ceipts cl hogs and lower prices at the yards,
but the loss was recovered near the close on
buying by packers. January Pork closed 2%c
lower. January Lard unchanged and January
Ribs a shade higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
October 69% 69% 69 69%
December 71 71 70% 70%
i May 74% 74% 74 74%
! Corn No. 2—
; October 20% 30% 30% 30%
December 30% 80% 80% 30%
May 31% 81% 31% 31%
Oats No. 2—
December 22% 22% 22% 22%
May 24% 24% 23% 23%
Mess Pork, per barrel
December 7 92% 800 790 795
I January 935 940 9 32% 9 37%
Lard, per 100 lbs
December 520 6 27% 520 6 22%
January 5 32% 540 6 32% 5 37%
Short Ribs, ncr 100 lbs-
December
January 4 87% 4 92% 4 87% 4 92%
i Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
easy; No. 2 spring wheat, 70®77c; No. 3 spring
wheat, 63®70c; No. 2 red, 71@71%c; No. 2 corn,
81%@82c; No. 2 oats, 22%(522%c; No. 2 white.
25®25V>c; No. 3 white, 24%®25c; No. 2 rye, 55c;
No. 2 barley. 39@45c; No. 1 flaxseed. $1 30@1 32;
Northwestern, $1 SOigil 32; prime timothy seed,
$2 35; mess pork, per bbl. $7 85®7 90; lard, per
100 lbs, $5 25 135 30; short ribs sides (loose), $4 85
@5 25; dry salted shoulders (boxed), $6(g6 12%;
short clear aides (boxed), $5 60©5 60; whisky,
distillers' finished goods, per gallon, $1 23.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 23.000 8,000
Wheat, bushels 180.000 15.000
Corn, bushels 476.000 604.000
Oats, bushels 504,000 365.000
Rye. bushels 11,000 2,000
Barley, bushels 155.000 29,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was easy: creamery, 15®23c; dairy, 13%
@19c. Eggs, steady: fresh, 16% c. Cheese,
strong; creams, U%'?7'l2%e.
♦— •
Foreign Futures.
 — i
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. Mar. May.
Opening 6 % 6 2 6 2%
Closing 6 : 7: 8 1 , 6 1%
PARIS.
Wheat— Oct. Jan. -Apr.
Opening 19 00 19 90
Closing '.'.'.'." 18 90 19 90
Flour-
Opening 25 10 26 10
Closing 25 00 26 00
♦ _ 1
Boston Wool Market.
* — — 1 $>
BOSTON, Oct. 17.— wool market here
maintains a full .tone In branches, but there Is
a falling off In business. Territory wools con
tinue to lead in - sales. For fine medium and
fine 630550 Is obtainable, while for selected
staple 66060 c has been quoted. Fleece wool
la firm, but offerings are moderate. There la
little business doing in Australians, owing to
their scarcity. Quotations: ..-;■'- ;
Territory wools— Montana and Dakota fine
medium and fine, ]C@18o; scoured, 63cjj54c
staple, sS@6oc. Utah and Wyoming fine me
dium and fine, 18@19c; scoured. 62®S4c: staple
56@5Sc. Idaho fine medium and fine, HcJpiSe'
scoured. 62@54c; medium, ISS^Oc; scoured. 45©
47c.
Australian, scoured basis, spot pricea—Comb
ing auperflne, 80®S2c; good, 7Scsjßoc; average, 75
@77c. - ' .
Chicago Livestock Markei.
CHICAGO. Oct. 17.— CATTLE— Trade to-day
was not very animated and prices ruled barely
steady. - Good to fancy grades sold at $5 SO®";
common to medium steers, $4 50^5 75, cows and
bulls, "- $2(3>4 65; Texans, $3 50@4 30; calvea, U<_t
7 16. ,' . 7 ■
HOGS— was a good demand, but too
many were offered for sale and prices suffered
a further decline of sc. Fair to prime lots
brought $4 22%@4 45; heavy packers, $3 So@4 20;
common to choice mixed. $4 15®4 40; butchers'.
$4 8094 45; common to good lightweights, $4 15®
4 66; 'pigs, $3 75®4 35. . '-''.''.l'
SHEEP— Trade in sheep and lambs was slow
at a low range of prices. Poor to prime sheep
brought $3 15®5; Western rangers sold at $3#
385 and ' feeders at $3 20f?3 70; lambs, $3 21/*
5 20. only a few, however, selling above $5 05.
Receipts— Cattle, 4500; hogs, 22,000; sheep,
16.000.
♦ -■,-■- '•
California Fruit Sales.
<>— — ! ♦ .
NEW YORK. Oct. Porter Bros.' Com
pany sold California fruit: Grapes— Tokays,
j 95c®$l 50 halt crates: Muscats. Social 10; as
sorted, $1 40; Cornlchons, $1 2501 50; Morocco.
$1 So@2 06. Pears— Bartletts. $2 box; „Vlln"r
Nellls, $1 65©2 65;. Easter Beurre. $1 70@2 10,
; Vicars, $1 80. Quinces. $1 95 box.
Earl Fruit Company's sales: Prunes—Hun
! garlan. 65c@$l 95 single crate; Italians, $1 io(tf
1 35. Seven cars sold to-day. '_
CHICAGO. Oct. 17.— Earl Fruit Company a
sales of California fruit to-day: Grapes-
Malaga, Soc®sl 80 single crates. Fear*—
D'Anjou. $1 40 box; Howell, $1 9602 15; North-,
crn Spy, 50-; Sheldon. 750. Prunes— German.
45®50c; Italian. So@Sse. ..
Porter Bros.' Company's sales: Quinces, 900
box. Grapes— Tokays. 75c®$l 56 half er at *?:
Muscats, 70c®$l 65; assorted, 90c®$l .3;
Morocco, $1 80@2 05; Emperor. $1 15; Cornlchons,
65c®$l 70. Peaches— Salways, $1 80 box. Pears-
Bartletts, $1 30 half box. Six cars fruit sold.
Portland's Business. ■
PORTLAND, Oct. Exchanges, $433,340;
balances. $84,680.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Oct. There were very few
transaction In wheat reported to-day. and 57c
waa the top quotation for Walla Walla, with
the most of the exporters, with Valley In no
great demand at anything above that figure.
I Although for milling purposes 6Sc j might be
paid for something heavy If It were needed.
Most of the exporters are laying back waiting
for matters to become a little more settled.
WASHINGTON.
' TACOMA. Oct. 17.— Wheat market flat; Club,
I 68c; Bluestem, 60c
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Oct. Consols. 103%: silver
26% d; French rentes, lOOf 20c; wheat cargoes oft
coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage rather
easier.
LIVERPOOL, Oct. 17.— Wheat, dull; No. 1
standard California. 6s 3d® 6s 3%d; French
I country markets, firm; weather ln England,
fine.
COTTON— Uplands, 3%d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot— Western wheat, steady, 8s;
No. 1 California, 6s 3dQ6s 3Ud; No. 1 North
ern spring, steady, 6s 2%d. Futures— Dull De
cember. 6s; March, 6s Id; May. 6s l%d.
CORN— Spot— American mixed new. quiet. 8s
IM; American mixed old, quiet. 3s lOd. Fu
! tures—October, nominal; November, steady, 3s
j 9d; December, quiet, 3s 9d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days — — $4 83%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87%
Sterling Cables — 4 88
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — - 15
Mexican Dollars 43 48%
Fine Silver, per ounce — 57%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— The latest charters are
at 36s 3d for wheat, 353 for wheat and barley
and 39s for barley alone, usual options. These
rates show a firm market. The chartered
wheat fleet in port has a registered tonnage of
61,562, against 16,400 tons on the same date last
year;' disengaged, 2013 tons, against 47,900: on
the way to this port, 204,190 tons, against
155,400.
WHEAT— The 'market has relapsed Into a
very unsatisfactory condition. Liverpool de
clined %. The foreigners showed Indications
Of having bought too freely and are now dis
posed to sell. Advancing freights, declining
cables and Increasing stocks make a discour
aging situation. Chicago reports a very weak
market on liquidation, with the demand chiefly
to fill shorts. Wall street again bought mod
erately, but the principal demand was against
puts. Broomhall cabled that India was buying
frcm Australia direct.
Futures declined, but the spot market was
dull and unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 07%@1 08%; milling,
$1 lOfl 1 12%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— December
4000 ctls. $1 11%. May— 4ooo. $1 17.
Second session— May— 26.ooo ctls, 81 17. De
cember—l6.Coo, $1 11%: 8000, $1 11%.
Regular morning session— December— 2000 ctls,
$1 11%; 10.000. $1 12. May— lo,ooo. $1 17.
Afternoon session— May— 2ooo ctls, $1 17%. De
cember— 4000, $1 11%.
BARLEY— The market ls dull and quota
tions show little change.
Feed. So@Ssc; Brewing. 90@97%c; Chevalier,
nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second session— No sales.
Regular morning session— Seller '99—2000 ctls,
S6%c; 2000, 86% c.
Afternoon session— Seller '99—2000 ctls, 86% c.
December— 2ooo. 87% c.
OATS— Holders continue Arm ln their views.
but the market Is dull, the demand being
slack at the moment. White. $1 05@1 25; Red,
$1 05®1 17%; Gray, $1 05:31 15; Black, 95c®$l 05.
CORN— The market shows no change what
ever, being dull. Eastern Large Yellow. $1 05
Ql 10: White. $1 05®1 10; mixed, $1 02%@1 07%
per ctl.
RYE— Quoted at 95cig$l per ctl. The feeling
13 firm and the crop Is held ln close hands,
there being few stray lots to be had.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUIt-Caltfornla family extras. $3 60@3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40(f?3 60; Oregon
and Washington. $3 40®3 50 per barrel for ex
tra, $3 2668 40 for bakers, and $2 25@3 for su
perfine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50: Rice Flour, $7: Cornmeal, $2 60; ex
tra Cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25;
Oat Groats, $4 50; Hominy. $3 25@S 60: Buck
wheat Flour, t._H 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75:
Farina, $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 60: Rolled
Oats (barrels). $6 05-56 45; in sacks, $5 Ss#6 25;
Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 lbs. 7
Hay and Feed stuffs.
Middlings are 60c higher. Bran Is unchanged.
Receipts of Hay are getting lighter, and the
market Is firm. Sales at an advance are be
ing made, though the general market remains
about the same as before quoted. The situa
tion, however. Is better than at any time since
the crop began to come In.
BRAN— SI 7 50®18 per ton.
MIDDLINGS- 819'f120 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $18@18 60 per
ton; Oil Cake Meal at the mill. 816037; Jobbing.
$27 f.O'((2S; Cocoanut Cake, $20021; Cornmeal,
$23 60024 50; Cracked Corn, $24®25; Mixed Feed,
$16@16 50: Cottonseed Meal, $28 per ton.
■ HAY— Wheat, $7®B 60 for common to good
and $9 23®9 70 for choice: Wheat and Oat, $6 50
@9; Oat. $6 50@8 50; Barley. $5®7; Island Bar
ley, $".'(i6: Alfalfa, $5®6 50 per ton; Com
pressed. $6 50®9.
STRAW— 2S®3So per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Shipments of 2400 ctls Mustard Seed to New
York by sail. '-'i.'7'yt'
Beans are still rising, as will be seen by the
quotations, and the demand shows no abate
ment.
There Is no change in Seeds.
BEANS— $2 15fT2 25: small white. $2 60
©2 70; large white. $2 20®2 30: Pinks, $2®2 10:
Reds, $3 60®3 75; Blackeye. $3 75@4; Butters,
nominal: Lima, $4 75; Pea, $2 40@2 70; Red Kid
neys, $2 25(y2 40 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, 2%@3c; Yellow
Mustard, 3%®4c; Flax, nominal: Canary,
3%c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2%@3c; Hemp, 4@4%c;
Timothy, 4<54%c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 35®1 50; Green, $1 75
@1 86 per ctl. - 'v - ■ 7'.y y.7. yy7
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes rule firm, but prices show little J
change. Onions are quiet. The Vegetable
market runs along about the sams. day after
day. yy.
POTATOES— River Reds, 60@70c; Early Rose,
40®50c; Burbanks, 60®76c per ctl; Salinas Bur
banks, 90c@$l 15; Oregon Burbanks, 70@85c;
Sweet Potatoes, 85c@$l for Rivers and $1 25 for
Merced. •-'.-.-,".-
ONIONS— per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 3®4c per lb;
String Beans, 2%®4c: Lima Beans, 3®sc;
Cabbage, 40@30c; Tomatoes, 25®40c; Egg Plant,
.;770; Dried Okra. 12% c per lb; Garlic, 2@3c;
Green Peppers. 40@75c per box; Carrots, 30®
40c per sack; Cucumbers. 40®50c; Summer
Squash, '6oc; Marrowfat ; Squash,. $15 per ton;
Green Corn, 75c®$l 20 per sack. j
Poultry and Game.
Poultry continues weak, owing to the freo j
receipts from the East, and there ls plenty .
on hand. v -^ •- 7, , .-..'. ,
Game is also easy under the more liberal
arrivals already noted. •
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 13®15c for Gob- '
biers and 13® 15c for Hens; Young Turkeys, 14® i
16c; Geese, per pair, $1 75®2 25; Goslings, $1 7o
®2 25; Ducks, $4®4 60 for old and $4 50@8 for |
young; Hens, $4©5 50; Young Roosters, $4@5: I
Old Roosters, $4®4 50: Fryers, $3 50@4; Broil
ers. $3 25@3 50 for large, $3®3 25 for small: j
Pigeons, $1 Ss@l 60 per dozen for old and $1 50®
i for Squabs.
GAME— Quail. $1 75®2: Mallard, $6@7 50: Can- ]
vasback. $7012; Sprig, $3®4; Teal. $3®4; Widg
eon, $2 50®3; Small Duck, $2"i2 50; Doves. 75c
per dozen: Hare, $1 60; Rabbits. $1 50 for Cotton- |
tails and $1 25 for small; Gray Geese, $3: White. ;
$150; Brant, $1 50®2; English Snipe, $2 50 per;
dozen; Jack Snipe, $1 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter and Eggs continue to advance, con
trary to the expectations of the trade. Supplies j
of both are limited, and fine Eggs are espe- j
cially scarce. However, Oregon is sending In i
shipments of cheap Eggs, which may alter the
complexion of the market.
. Cheese Is firm at the advance already quoted.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Creamery, 30®31c; seconds,
28®29c.
Dairy— Fancy, 26@27c; good to choice, 24®26c;
store nominal.
Pickled roll, 22@24c; firkin, 21®22%e; cream
ery tub. 22%(g24c. v..
Eastern, 17% c for ladle packed.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, ll®ll%c; old, ■
i 10% c; Young America, ll%c; Eastern. 14®15c.
EGGS— Quoted at 25®32%c for store and 37%®
42c per dozen for ranch: Eastern. 28030 c for se
lected, 25®27%c for No. 1 and 20(g22%c for sec- j
onds; Oregon. 22%®24c per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Some table Grapes are showing the effects of
the recent rain, being wet and moldy, and
prices are weaker ln consequence. Wine Grapes
are dull, as the high prices deter buyers.
Tree fruits show little change. Bartlett l
Pears are about out and receipts of Peaches are
almost too small to quote. A few Plums are
still coming forward, but they are alow of sale. -
Lemons and Limes are quiet and the former
are weak.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—^
Apples, 35®50c per box for common and 60c®
$1 25 for good to choice.
BERRlES— Blackberries. $4 50 per chest;
Strawberries, $9®lo per onest for small and $4®
6 for large berries: Raspberries. $4®6 ncr chest;
Huckleberries, 4®7c per lb: Wisconsin Cranber- j
ries, $6 50@7 50 per bbl: Cape Cod Cranberries,
$7 60SS; Coos Bay Cranberries, $6 60 per barrel. j
Grapes, 86®40c for ' Black. 40® for Muscat, |
35®50c for Tokay. 50®60c for Cornlchon; crates j
Bell 10(516c higher; Wine Grapes. $24®26 per ton
for Zinfandel, $23®24 for other black and $18<g22
for White.
Cantaloupes, $I®l 50 per crate; Nutmegs, 60® .
75c per box.
Pomegranates, 50®65c per box.
Winter Pears, 50c®$l 25 per box.
Figs, 75c®$l per box for double layers of
black.
Peaches. 50c®$l 25 per box.
Plums, SOft 75c per box and crate.
Quinces, 60® 75c per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Lemons, $I®2 for common
and $3® 3 50 for good to choice; Mexican Limes, '■
$6®7; California Limes. $I®l 25: Bananas, $150
®2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $I®2 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
Honey Is In good demand and 2533 cases go to
New York by sail.
All fruits are' selling well and at full figures.
The curious feature of the Prune market is
that small Prunes— those running 90, for In
stance, are bringing a higher price than the
four sizes, as they are in brisk demand for the
cheap retail trade.
Nuts are firm, with small offerings.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, In sacks, 4%c for
40-50' s, 4%c for 50-60's, 3%c for 60-70' s, 3%c for !
70-80' s. 2%c for 80-90's and 2%®2%c for 90-100's;
Apricots. 11® 13c for Royals. 12%® 16c for ;
Moorparks and 12@14c for Blenheims; Peaches,
6%®6c for Standards, 6%®7c for choice and 7% j
®8c for fancy; peeled Peaches, ll@13c; Evapo- ;
rated Apples 6®7%c: Sun-dried, 4%®5c per lb;
Nectarines, 7%©*Sc per lb for red and B@9c for
white; Pears. 6%@Sc for quarters and B®loc for
halves; Black Figs, 3®4c; White Figs, 6®6%c;
Plums, 6®6%c for pitted and 1%®2%c for un
pitted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
I lb, 10c: choice, 9c; standard, 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, B%c; choice, 7%c; standard. 6%c;
prime. sc; unbleached Sultanas, 6c; Seedless,
50-lb boxes, 6c; 2-crown loose Muscatels, 5%c;
3-crown, 6%c; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers, 2
crown $1 50 per box; 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California.
NUTS— Walnuts, 7%®8%c for standards and
7%®9c for softshell; Almonds, 10%@12%c for !
paper-shell, 9®loc for soft and 4@sc for hard]
shell; Peanuts, 5%®6%c for Eastern and 5c for j
California; Brazil Nuts, B%®9c; Filberts, 11® j
ll%c: Pecans, 7%®Sc; Cocoanuts. $4 50® 5. i
HONEY— Comb, 11 %c for bright and 10% c for
light amber; water white extracted, 7%37%c;
light amber extracted, 6%®7c; dark, 5%c per
lb. •■:--
BEESWAX— per lb.
Provisions.
There is nothing new to report, the market
being fairly active at firm quotations.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9c per lb for heavy,
9%®10c for light medium, ll%c for light, 13c for
extra light and !3%c for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 14c; California Hams, 13% c; .'
Mess Beef. $11 per bbl; extra Mess, $12 60; Fam
ily, $14; extra Prime Pork, $12 50; extra clear.
$16 50; mess, $15015 60; Smoked Beef, 12c per lb. •
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6®6%c per lb for j
compound and 7%c for pure; half barrels, pure. i
8c; 10-lb tins, S%c; 5-lb tins, 9c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 7%@7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Flops. j
Dealers are talking dlscouraglngly about
Hops. They report the market neglected and !
weak at a decline, with large crops all over j
the world. The market Is certainly dull at the ,
moment.
Wool is quiet and unchanged.
Hides show their usual firmness and sales |
are easy at full figures.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell !
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted j
steers, 11®11%c; medium, 10% c; light, 10c; Cow
hides, 9%®10c; Stags. 6c; Salted Kip. 9c; Calf,
10c; Dry" Hides, sound, 17c; culls and brands,
13c; Dry Kip and Veal, 16c: Dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, yearlings, 20@30c each; short
Wool, 35®60c each; medium. 70®90c; long Wool,
90c®$l 10 each: Horse Hides, salt, $2®2 25 for
large and $1 25®1 50 for small; Colts. 25® 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4%®5c per lb; No.
2. 4®4%c; refined, — ; grease, 2®2%c.
WOOL— Spring Clips— Valley Oregon 17®18c;
Eastern Oregon, 12@14c for choice and 9@U%c
for fair to good.
i Fall Clip— San Joaquin Lambs. 8®10c; do
plains, 7®Sc; San Joaquin and Southern Moun
tain 7%®9c; Northern free, 10®12c; do, defect
ive, - 7%®"10c per lb. ~"7..y.-:-i-
HOPS— Quoted at B®l2c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Quotations for Beef and Mutton show some
change and the latter is firm. There is no
change In Lamb or Veal. Hogs are In fair
supply at the quotations which have ruled for
some time.
BEEF— 7@7%c per lb for Steers and 6%@7c
for Cows.
VEAL— 7@lOc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%@Sc; Ewes. 7@7%c
per lb. ''yy, 77;. -.■'-:
LAMB— Spring, B@B%c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 6%®5%c for small, 5%c for
medium and 5%@5%c for large; stock Hogs and
Feeders, 5%<3-5%c: dressed Hogs. 7@B%c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7®7<,io: Wool
Bags, 26®2Sc; Fruit Bags, 6%c, 5%c and 6c for
the three grades of white and 7®7%c for
bleached Jute.
BALE ROPE— Pure Manila, 14c; Sisal and
Manila Mixed, 13c; Duplex Sizes. 12c.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 60; Se
attle, $6: Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend,
$7 60; Scotch. $8; Cumberland, $9 50 In bulk and
$10 75 ln sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$12; Cannel, $S per ton; Rock Springs and
Castle Gate, $9 60: Coke, $12 per ton in bulk
and $14 In sacks. •• .;-; -■-
CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas. $1-3:1 50: As
paragus, ; Tomatoes, 75@S0c. - 7. *.
CANNED FRUlTS— Cherries, $2 15©2 30 for
black and $2 15(g2 30 for white; Peaches, $1 30®
1 65: Pears. $1 50&T 80; Apricots, $1 20@1 70;
Plums. 95c@$l 25.
COFFEE — Costa Rica— l3%®l6c for prime
washed; 11®12%c for good washed ;" 11%@15c for
good to prime washed peaberry; 9%®11c for
good to prime peaberry; 9®l2c for good to ;
prime: B<Q9l4c nominal for good current mixed '
with black beans; S®S%c for fair; 5®7%c for
common to ordinary. Salvador— for good
to prime washed; 7%®8%c for fair washed; 9%® :
ll%c lor good to prime washed peaberry;- 7%@ |
B%c for good to prime semi-washed; 7%@ I
B%c for superior unwashed; 7%c for good green '
unwashed; 8%®9%c for good to prime unwashed
peaberry; 5®6%c for common to ordinary !
Nicaragua— l4gl6%c for prime to fancy washed
-B®llc for fair to good washed; 7>4®7%c nomlnai
for good to superior unwashed; 8%@9%c nominal i
for good to prime unwashed peaberry. Guate
mala and Mexican— l2@l6%c for prime to fancy
washed; 9®llc for good to strictly good washed
-B®S%c for fair washed; 7@7%c for medium- 4® ■
6%c for Inferior to ordinary; 10®ll%c lor good
to prime washed peaberry; S%®9%c for good
to prime unwashed peaberry; 7%®8%c for good
to superior unwashed.
LEATHER— SoIe, heavy. 25®2Sc per lb- Sole !
Leather, medium, 25@26c; Sole Leather light
25@26c; Rough Leather, heavy, 25®26c;'Rougli
Leather, light. 25®26c; Harness Leather, heavy
32®33c; Harness Leather, medium, 30@32c- Har
ness Leather, light, 29®30c; Collar Leather 153)
16c per foot; Kip, finished, 40@45c per lb; Veal
finished, 60®55c; Calf, finished. 75c®$l 20- Sides'
finished, 16017 c per foot; Belt Knife Splits 14® !
16c; Rough Splits, B®loc per lb. . =
OlL— California Castor Oil, cases, No. 1, 75c;
pure, $1 10; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled, 55c;
raw, 53c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra win
ter strained, barrels, 59c; No. 1, 49c; cases.
6c more: China Nut, 55@6Sc per gallon: pure
Neatsfoot Oil, barrels, 60c; cases, 65c; Sperm,
pure,, 6oc: Whale Oil, natural white, 32% c; Pa
cific Rubber Mixed Paints, white and house
colors, $1 25®1 35 per gallon; wagon colors, $2®
225 per gallon. ■ ': <r
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE, ETC. - Water
white Coal Oil, In bulk, 13c; Pearl Oil. In
cases. 19c; Astral, 19c; Star, 19c; Extra Star
Oil. 23c; Elaine, 24e: Eocene, 21c; Deodorized
Gasoline, In bulk, 16c; do. cases, 22c; Bezine,
in bulk, 15% c; do, cases, 21% c; 86 degree Gaso
line, In bulk, 21c: do, cases, 27c per gallon.
CANDLES— Electric Light Candles— 6s, 16 oz,
20s, 9%c; 6s, 14 oz., 20s, B%c; 6s. 12 oz.. 2s,
7%c: Bs, 10 oz., 20s, 6%c. Granite Mining Can
dles—6s, 16 oz., 20s, 10% c; 16 oz., 40s. 10c;
6s. 14 cz.. 20s, 9%c; 6s, 14 oz.. 40s, 9c; ft, 12 oz.,
20s. S%c: fis, 10 oz., 205," 7%c.
Parafflne Wax Candles— ls, 2s, 4s and 6s,
white, lie: Is, 2s. 4s and 6s. colored, 12c; 12s,
white. ll%c; 12s, colored. 12% c.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 6%®7%c; Red
Lead and Litharge. 6%®7%e per lb. -
TURPENTINE— In cases, 73c; in iron barrels,
88c; In wooden barrels. 70c. '
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels, 50c; raw, barrels,
48c: cases, 5c more.
QUICKSILVER— S46 per flask for local use
and $41 for exoort.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining com
pany quotes, terms net cash. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5%e: Pow
dered. f%c: Candy Granulated. sc: Dry Granu
lated. 4%c; Confectioners' A. 4%c: California
A.-: Magnolia A, 4%c; Extra C. 4%c: Golden
C, 4%c; barrels. l-16c more: half barrels. %c
more: boxes. %c more; 60-lb bags. %c more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent. Dominoes, half-barrels, 5%c; boxes,
5%c per lb.
Lumber.
LUMBER — Retail prices are as follows:
Pine, ordinary aizes, $16@17; extra sizes, high
er; Redwood, $17018 for No. 1 and $16®16 for
No. 2: Lath. 4 feet, $2 20-92 30: Pickets. $18;
Shingles, $1 75 for common and $2 75 for fancy;
Shakes. $11 for split and $12 for sawn; Rus
! tic. $21027.
SALMON— Shipment of 24,050 cases. 7006 bbla.
603 half-bbla and 350 tlercea to New York by
sail. ;
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. OCTOBER 17.
Flour, qr sks 3,624 Alfalfa, ska 148
Wheat, ctla 59.994 Sugar, sks 660
Barley, ctls 12.700 Hay. tons 210
: Oats, ctls 1.570 Straw, tons 30
I East Com, ctla... 1,200 Hops, bales 99
Cheese, ctls 21 Wool, bags 673
1 Butter, ctls 242 j Lime, bbls 452
Tallow, ctls 240 Sugar, bbls 4.150
i Beans, sks B.3sliEggs. doz 6,760
1 Potatoes, ska 4.055 Leather, rolla 127
Onions, sks 200lwine. gala 54,000
Bran, ska 226 Pelts, bdla 235
Flax, ska 24 Hides, No 686
OREGON.
Flour, qr aks 14. 166! Potatoes, aka 1,145
Wheat, ctla 130 Bran, sks 6.546
Oats, ctls 2,130
THE STOCK MARKET.
The only change ln securities on the morn
ing session was an advance ln Gas and Elec
tric to $62 25. Business was quiet.
In the afternoon Gas and Electric was lower
at $61 75. and Hana Plantation declined to
$12 62%.
A quarterly dividend of $1 60 per share was
paid Tuesday by the California Safe Deposit
and Trust Company.
The Contra Costa Water Company is now
paying a monthly dividend of 40c per share.
The Hana Sugar Plantation Company has de
clared a quarterly dividend of 50c per share,
payable November 1.
The Makaweli Sugar Company Is now paying
a monthly dividend of 50c per share.
The Hutchinson Plantation Company will pay
a dividend of 25c per share on the 20th.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY", October 17—2 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bid: A**.
U S Bonds— Mutual El Co.. — 15%
is quar coup.. — — OGL&H — 48 49%
is quar reg.... — — Pac Gas Imp.. 61 63
__ quar new... — 131% a c Light Co. 41% —
3s quar coup. .loß 108% S F G & E 61% 62
Miscellaneous— San Fran — 3%
Cal-st Cab 55.. 117% — Stockton Gas.. 12 —
C C Wat 35... — 108% Insurance —
Ed L & P 85.130 — Firem's Fund.22s —
F& Cl Ry 68.115 — Bank Stocks—
Geary-st R ss. — 95 Anglo-Cal ..i., 65 —
HC ie S 5%5.106 — Bank of Ca1..J587%400
L A Ry 55.... 105% — Cal S D & T.. — 97
L A LCo 65.. 99 — Kirst Nationl.. - 24.)
Do gtnd 65.. 99 — Lon P & A. ...128 133
Do gntd ss.'. — — m. Exchange— 16
L A & P R 55. 103%— Nev Nat 8k...153%190
: Market-st 65.. — 129 Savings Bank*—
Do Ist M 55..110%116%Ger S & L...1600 1725
IN ' ' N '• X .«. ll' — Hum Sic L..luoU ll&y
N R of Cal 65. 114 — «ut Say Bk. — 42%
NR of Cal 55.112%113%3 F Say U... 500 —
N P C R R 65. 105 108 Say & L So.. — 82%
N PC R R 55. 106% - sec Say Bk.. — 310
N Cal R R ss.Hl - Union T C 0.1400. 1400 1440
O L & H ss. — 110 Street Railroads—
Oak Tran 65..111%112 California 121 —
dm C Rv 65.. — -7 Geary 50 —
P&CI Ry 65. .107 — Market-st 62% 62%
1 Pk & O Rv ris. 115 — Dak S L & H. — £0
i Powell-st it 6s. — 122 I Presidio — 30
Fac EIG&RSS. — — j Powder—
SF & N P 55. 114% — California — —
SF & S JV55.115%115% ; Dynamite... 85 95
SRy of Cal 6s.lOS%lo9%. Giant Con Co.. 81 81%
i fc P of A 65.... - 113% Vigorit 2% 2%
jf PC fisf 19051. — — Sugar—
!8 P C 6a(1906).lll — Hana PCo 12% 12%
iS P C 65(1912). — 118 Haw C&SCo 95 — •
ISPC ls eg 53.102% - Honokaa S Co. 34% 35
i SP Br 65......122%123 Hutch S P Co. 29% 29%
I S V Wat 65... — 114 Kilauea S Co.. — 29
8 V Wat 45,...103%104% Makaweli SCo 48% 49%
j S V W4s(3dm)lol% — Onomea S Co.. 38 39
j Stktn Gas ,65. .100 105 Paauhau S Co. 36 36%
Water Stocks- Miscellaneous—
Contra Costa.. 68% 69 Al Pac A55n...m%119
i Marin County. 5u — Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Spring Valley.. — 101% Oceanlo S Co.. — 87
Gas and Electric— Pac A F A — 1% —
Cent Gas Co.. — — Pac C Bor Co. 145 —
Cent L & P... 5% — Par Paint Co. 8% —
Eqult G L Co.. 5 5% . 7. :; :.
Morning Session.
Board—
20 Alaska Packers' Assn 118 00
2CO Equitable Gas, cash 5 00
60 Giant Powder Con 80 75
10 Giant Powder Con SO 87%
15 Giant Powder Con. cash SO 87%
60 Giant Powder Con 81 00
125 Honokaa S Co 34 75
10 Makaweli 48 87%
10 Market Street Railway.. 62 50
50 Mutual Electric Light 15 00
65 S F Gas. & Electric Co 62 00
15 S F Gas & Electric Co 62 25
15 S F Gas & Electric Co 62 12%
75 S F Gas & Electric Co. s 30 62 00
$3000 S F & S J V Bonds 115 37%
$1000 S P Branch Ry 6s 122 50
15 S V Water 101 50
IS V Water 101 75
Street— . -7 -
100 Market Street Railway 62 50
85 S V Water 101 50
Afternoon Session.
Board — -V-. J
-10 Contra Costa Water 68 75
75 Equitable Gas 6 00
6 Giant Powder Con 81 12%
60 Hana Plantation Co 12 87%
100 Hana Plantation Co 12 75
100 Hana Plantation Co 12 62%
20 Hawaiian Coml ft Sugar 95 00 *
250 Honokaa S Co 34 75
35 Oakland Gas 49 25
10 S F Gas ft Electric Co 61 75
$2000 S F ft S J V Bonds 11,-, 37%
$5000 S V 4s (3d Mtge) , 101 62%
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
10 Contra Costa Water 69 00
20 Contra Costa Water 68 87%
30 Giant Powder Con SO 87%
25 Giant Powder Con SO 75
$1000 Cal St Cable ,5s : 118 00
$3000 Market St Ry as 116 00
40 Onomea Sugar Co 38 25
25 S F Gas & Electric... 61 25 -
Afternoon Session.
Board— ; .-■-. .77."
10 Giant Powder Con 80 87%
20 Giant Powder Con 80 75
10 Hutchinson Sugar 29 50
25 Hutchinson Sugar 29 37%
I 50 Paauhau Sugar Co 36 I'%
j $6000 S F & S J V Bonds 115 50
1 $4000 S F & S J V Bonds 115 37%
! 20 S F Gas & Electric 62 00
25 S F Gas & Electric 61 87%
25 S V Water .10150
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
j Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
j Morning , Session.
'. 100 Challenge ...... 28' 100 Mexican .... 31
: 600 Chollar ......... 37 300 Mexican 30
! 200 Con Cal & Va.l 70) 400 Ophir 87
: 300 Con Cal & Va.l 75! 2uo Overman ....... 21
1 1000 Exchequer 02. 200 Potosi J 55
; 400 Hale & Norcrs 471 500 Potosi 57
Afternoon Session.
300 Belcher 21, 100 Gould & Curry 3-,
i 50 Best & Belcher 34 500 Hale &_ Norcrs 40
! 100 Best & Belcher 33 200 Hale & Norcrs 41
' 100 Caledonia ...... 70 100 Ophir s3
' 200 Chollar 34;' 700 Overman 21
400 Chollar 33 500 Savage 24
! 600 Crown Point... 161 500 Sierra Nevada. 62
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
! ' 300 Andes 10 J 800 Ophir 87
; 600 Best & Belcher 35 700 Ophir ........... c 6
500 Best & Belcher 34 300 Overman i 21
1800 Chollar 36 1200 Potosi .......... s fi
: 200 Con Cal & VI 72% 400 Potosi 55
300 Con Cal & Va.l 701 200 Savage 26
; 600 Hale & Norcrs 451 500 Sierra Nevada. 62
Afternoon Session.
I 300 Andes .......... 101 600 Hale & Norcrs 41
I:- 300 Belcher ■ ......... 21! 300 Hale & Norcrs 40
I 800 Best & Belcher 33! 300 ODhlr ...... ? "
200 Bullion 051 300 Ophir 85
200 Bullion 04! 400 Ophir 84
200 Caledonia 66 200 Ophir 83
500 Chollar 35 200 Potosi 54
800 Chollar 34 1 400 Potosi 50
500 Chollar 33 300 Potosi 49
400 Con Cal & V.l 67% 500 Sierra Nevada. 62
50 Con Cal & Va.l 70 i 300 Sierra Nevada. 61
300 Gould & Curry 35 500 Union Con .... 36
200 Hale & Norcrs 44 200 Utah 12
200 Hale & Norcrs 43 200 Utah 11
500 Hale & Norcrs 42 1 400 Yellow Jacket.. 26
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, Oct. 17—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 05 Kentuck 03 05
Alta — 06' Lady Wash .... 01 02
Andes 10 11 Mexican 28 30
Belcher 20 22 Occidental 18 —
Best & Belcher 32 33!Ophtr 88 S3
Bullion 04 05 Overman 19 20
Caledonia- 68 69 Potosi 48 49
Chollar 31 32JSavage 23 24
Challenge 27 29l Scorpion 02 —
Confidence 80 82 Seg Belcher 03 04
Con c'al & Va.l 65 1 701 Sierra Nevada. 61 62
Con Imperial... — 01 Silver Hill .... — 03
Crown Point.... 15 16 Standard —3 10
Exchequer — 02 St Louis — 06
Gould & Curry 34 35 Syndicate — 06
Hale & Norcre 40 41 Union Con .... 36 37
Julia — 03' Utah 11 12
Justice '7 06 OS Yellow Jacket.. 26 28
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Franclsco, Cal.,
October 17, 1899.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. in charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 18.
Sun rises 6:23
Sun sets 5:27
Moon sets 6:00 a. m.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column give* the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. ■ The heights
given are In addition to the soum. ngs on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign <— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean nf the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO SAIL.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. October 17.
Stmr Orizaba. Nlcolson. 74 hours from New
port and way ports.
Stmr Columbia. Doran. 59 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 45% hours.
Stmr Progreso. Gilboy, 84 hours from Seattle.
Stmr South Coast. Olsen. 34 hours from Santa
Barbara.
Stmr Centennial. Eagles, 8 days 16 hours from
Honolulu.
Nor stmr Titania, Egenes. 4 days from Na
na! mo.
Bktn City of Papeete. Bernde. 33 days from
Tahiti.
Schr J M Weatherwax. Sorenson, 6 days from
Port Hadlock.
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson, 20 hours from
Bowens Landing. '.- *'.-
CLEARED.
~ v . ; Tuesday. October 17.
Stmr Queen, Jepsen, Victoria and Port Town
send; Goodall. Perkins ft Co.
Bark Harvester, Edwardsen, Esquimau ; A P
Lorentzen.
SAILED.
Tuesday, October 17.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, Eureka. *
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Tillamook, Anfindsen, Caspar.
Stmr Corona, Debney, San Diego and way
ports.
Stmr Sequoia. Thwlng. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Aberdeen. Higgins. Astoria.
Stmr Alex Duncan, Nopander. southern coast.
Br stmr Victoria, Blakey. Manila.
Br stmr Wellington. Saimond, Nanaimo.
Ship Aryan, Dickinson, New York. •
Br ship Falrport. Armstrong-Qoeenstown.
Bark Harvester, Edwardsen. 'Esquimau .
Schr Albion, Goodmansen, Coqullle River.
, Schr Twilight. Anderson. Grays Harbor.
i ' Schr Roy Somers, Soiland. Grays Harbor.
i Schr Emma Utter. Allen, Grays Harbor
___ TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Oct 17. 10 p m— Weathe*
hazy; wind NW: velocity 14 miles.
.-J-''/-'." SPOKEN.
Sept 11. lat 7 S. lon 32 W-Br ship Cedarbank
hence June 3. for Llveroool.
Oct 9, lat 29 N. lon 36 W-Br ship Levern
bank, from Tacoma, for Queenstown
Sept 14. lat 18 S, lon 38 W-Fr bark Norman
die, from Swansea, for San Franclsco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Oct 17— Br ship
Queen Victoria, from Shanghai; bark Fresno,
from Port Gamble, for Kaichow.
Sailed Oct 17— Br bark Queen Victoria, for
Tacoma; schr Sequoia, for San Diego
In bay Oct 17— Br atmr Pak Ling, from Hong
kong.
TACOMA-Arrtved Oct 17-Bark Tidal Wave.
from San Pedro.
PORT HADLOCK-Salled Oct 17— Schr Se
quoia, for San Diego. ,
SEATTLE-Arrived Oct 17-Stmr Farallon,
from Skaguay; stmr Dirigo, from Skaguay.
Sailed Oct 17— Stmr Czarina, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Al-KI. for Dyea
PORT ANOELES-Arrlved Oct 17-Shlp Lou
isiana, from Honolulu.
SAN PEDRO-Arrlved Oct 17-Stmr Bruns
wick, from Eureka.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct Stmr Pomona,
hence Oct 16; schr Eclipse, hence Oct 7: bktn
Monitor, hence Oct 6.
Sailed Oct 17— Stmr Laguna. for San Fran
cisco: achr Chas E Falk. for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Oct 17-Stmr Novo, for
San Francisco; schr Barbara Hernster, for San
Francisco. /
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Oct 17— Stmr Alcazar, for
San Francisco.
VENTURA— Arrived Oct 17— Stmr Geo Loo
mis, hence Oct 16.
Sailed Oct 17— Stmr Geo Loomis, for San
Franclsco.
Continued on Page Thirteen.\\b\Y£lll_isJJ
MRS. ROCKHILL
HIDES TO AVOID
THE SHERIFF
Will Not Testify at
Husband's Trial.
- ♦
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
9"S Broadway, Oct. 17.
A remarkable set of circumstances
has been developed in the affairs of
Edward Rockhill and the woman who Is
presumed to be his wife.
The Rockhills have resided in North
Oakland for several ears, and Rock
hill until several weeks ago was em
ployed as a heater at the J udson Iron
Works. One Sunday morning last Au
gust tho couple- engaged in an alterca
tion, during which the woman [aimed
Rockhill had stabbed her in the breast.
Later on the samo day he combat was
renewed in a barn on the premises and
she tired a shotgun at him, part of the
charge lodging in his left shoulder.
Rockhill was arrested, examined an i
held to answes before the Superior Court
on a charge oT attempt to murder.
Th.c case was called for trial to-day in
Judge Hall's court, when Deputy District
Attorney Melvin announced that it had
been impossible for the Sheriff to serve
a subpena on the complaining witness,
Mrs. Theresa Rockhill. The prosecutor
expressed the belief that the woman iii.
not wish to testify against her husband
and was therefore purposely secreting
herself.
Judge Hall noted the fact that Mrs.
Rockhill had visited the prisoner at the
County Jail only last Wednesday, tha
very day the subpena had been issued,
whereas tho information had been tiled
on tho 3d inst. "Where a wife is ex
pected to testify against her husband,"
said the court, "there should be no delay
in securing her attendance. The officers
knew she did not desire to testify against
him in this case and had plenty of time
to get her here." Against the protest of
RockhiU's attorney, Asa V. Mendenhall,
the trial was continued until Friday to
give the officers another chance to serve
the subpena.
Now comes the startling information
from the East that the woman is not
RockhiU's wife. The local authorities
have received letters from RockhiU's for
mer home In Pennsylvania to tho effect
that they were never married; that the
children "at RockhiU's home are by a
wife; he is alleged to have deserted in
that State to elope with his present ac-
There is a girl. Annie Walker, who
has been stopping with the Rock
hills and over whom the couple have
frequently quarreled. She is the niece oj
the present Mrs. Rockhill. and informa
tion received points to an abduction. The
Eastern Mrs. Rockhill is now in com
munication with the local authorities.
GEN. FUNSTON TALKS
OF THE PHILIPPINES
OAKLAND, Oct. 17.— General Funston !
of the Kansas regiment delivered a short j
address to-night at a well-attended meet
ing held under the auspices of the Men's
League at the Fnlon-street Presbyterian
Church; He spoke purely about the re- j
sources of the Philippines ancl declared
the new possessions worth many times j
over the $20 000,000 this Government paid
for them.. On the Island of Palawan; the
asserted, there is timber alone worth $150,- j
000,000, and on the inland of Mindanao j
endless riches in teak, ebony and mahog- ;
any, vast forests of wealth.
"The Philippines," said General Fun- .
ston. "contain the greatest body of un
developed wealth of the world." The •
"inherent cussedness of Spanish rule" he
ascribed as the cause that has retarded
ail growth and development of what he
termed "the biggest klondike any nation
ever had.'.'
He spoke of the production of hemp and I
the valuable fiber of the banana plant
that could be grown nowhere else, and
gave many interesting statistics.
To the population, which has been vari
ously estimated at between 5,0u0,000 and
10.000.000, he said might be added the many j
who compose the savage tribes that have .
not yet been heard from. Incidentally i
the speaker refuted the statement made i
by an agent of the St. Andrew's Society
of Albany to the effect hat our army
in the Philippines was composed of 45.- |
000 rakes, gamblers and good-for-noth- :
ings, and he branded him as a liar, grace
fully excusing himself for the use -or such !
a term by declaring it to be the only j
language applicable. Referring to the ;
American press, General Funston said
that the accounts of the military phase j
of the war were very fair and correct. '
AN UNKNOWN MAN
ATTEMPTS SUICIDE
While Despondent He Shoots Himself
Twice and Will JProb
ably JDie.
A shabbily dressed man about 80 years
of age attempted suicide shortly after
midnight last night in a lot on Seventh
street, between Harrison and Bryant, by
shooting himself twice in the mouth. He
•was discovered by Officer O'Caliahan and
Bent hurriedly to the Receiving Hospital.
He was In an unconscious condition on
his arrive there, and hough Dr. Dray
did everything in his power to revive him
It was without avail. He will probably
die
On his person was found a pawn ticket
from the Star. loan office, made out to E.
J. Allen. It showed that he had pawned
a watch for $3. A .note addressed to a
woman named Eva, asking her to come
at once to him, and signed "Mrs. Boodle,
Sixth street," was also found in his
pocket. A notebook In which were sev
eral Honolulu addresses and the address,
"M 2 Mission street." gave (he police a
slight clew to his identity, Despondency
is given as the cause of his act.
ITALIAN CHURCH FAIR,
A Fine Programme Will Be Presented
Nightly.
The second week of the bazaar now be
ing held at "Washington Square Hall, cor
ner of l'nion and Stockton streets, for the
benefits of Hts. Peter and Paul's Church,
promises to eclipse the lirst in • dance
and patronage. Aside from the beaut it
articles soid or raffled at the various
booths, a line programme of music and
tableaux is presented nightly, and this
serves to attract a large number of visit
ors.
Last night the ladies in charge of tne
Japanese booth entertained with Mrs. .1.
A'abnti and Mrs. A. JUStI as hostesses.
On Wednesday there will be a matinee
for matrons and mothers and in the even
ing Mrs. Fpadina and hor daughters will
present a selected programme. On Thurs
day afternoon the pupils of the Presenta
tion Convent and the little people attend
ing the Sunday-school and sewing classes
connected with the church will visit the
■ fair and a matinee performance la now be
ing arranged for them; The Children of
Mar) will receive the guests in the even
ing and Sadie Brown; Judith Roche and
Gladys Weller will dance. On Friday the
Indies of Santa Lucia booth, with Mrs.
Caglleri as hostosg. will be at home and
Saturday evening will bo devoted to sacred
music by the choir of the church.
Lone: Term as President
David J. Diapies, wno resigned the
presldengy of the Fireman's Fund Insur
ance Company Monday, -was elected tc
the position in May, 1876, and he has beer
the company's president continuouslj
for twenty-three years. Mr. Staples is 7
years old. His age prompted him to pro
vide for placing the business in thf
hands of younger men. Many communi
cations were received yesterday from the
officers of other Insurance companies ex
pressing regret at Mr. Staples' retire
ment. He will continue as a stockholder
and director in the company.
(glftroiiJOTEi .
SNOW'S LETTER
CRITICIZED BY
A COUNCILMAN
Mayor May Return
Eight Thousand.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Oct. 17.
Since the exclusive publication in The
Call a month ngo of the fact that Mayor
Snow when Auditor retained commissions
amounting to several thousand dollars, to
which he believed he was entitled, many
members of the city government have
been making inquiry with a view to see
ing if the Mayor cannot be compelled to
return these commissions.
With the division in the City Council
the opportunity to make capita] out of the
situation was not to be lost, and now
I 'resident Rowe. for a purpose which he
lias not vet divulged, but which is known
to be the bring-' of the matter formally
before the Council, has verilied The Call's
statements and has found that the
amount exceeds JSOOO altogether.
When the .. res were published the
Mayor referred to a letter sent to the
Council in 1835, in which he called that
body's attention to the fact that he in
tended to take advantage of the statute
giving him the right to retain 6 per cent
on all personal property tax collected.
The Mayer's contention -,' as and is hat
the Auditor, being held personally respon
sible for the collection of all personal
property taxes, he should make prepara
tion for possible lawsuits, which the new
system would undoubtedly bring about.
A member of the Council, after read
ing the Mayor's letter, which was pub
lished in The Call, said that accord to
the contents of the Mayor's official ex
planation, he should have returned the
money to the treasury on January 1 of
this year.
"If I read the Mayor's letter aright,"
saici the Councilman, "he says that in
1596 he Intended to retain these commis
sions because of the extra duties imposed
upon him by the statute which took ef
fect that year, 1896. In another portion
of the letter he Bays that it is his inten
tion to retain these commissions until
such time as a new statute shall relieve
the Auditor of these special responsibili
ties. According to another published In
terview with the Mayor, he says that the
present Auditor has no authority to with
hold these commissions, because the new
statute went into effect this year. There
fore, 1 contend that on January 1 the
Mayor, according to his own showing,
should have returned the money.
"There Is still another point in the j
Mayor's explanation which has surprised j
many members of the Council. He says i
that— writing in IS96— he intends 'this j
year' to retain such commission, and
says nothing about any previous years. |
Yet on looking at the Auditor's reports
for the last ten years. I find that in 1896, \
without any other authority than this lit- j
ter to the Council, he goes back seven
years and arbitrarily withholds from the ;
personal property taxes of 1896 all the
commissions he thought himself entitled
to for the previous seven years. While '
I do not believe for a moment but what
Mr. Snow thought he was legally entitled
to these commissions, still there are
many of us who think otherwise, and it
is our duty to at least make an effort to
discover whether this large sum. amount-
Ing to $SSOO, belongs to the Auditor or is ;
recoverable by the city."
The Ma; I says that all this talk about
the commissions is the work of politicians.
He declares there can be no contention
about his right to these commissions 'and |
he will welcome a legal settlement of the j
question, although he says he hardly \
thinks his political enemies will give him
this much satisfaction.
MADAME MONTAGUE
AGAIN HEADED WEST
OAKLAND, Oct. Mme. Florence
Montague has written a letter to a psy
chological journal which has aroused the
members of the late Psychic Society of
Oakland, of which the madam* was presi
dent, board, lecturer and everything else.
In her letter she says she has thoroughly
recovered her health, the loss of which
threatened to destroy her reason when
leaving this city, and thai she now be
gins "to turn my eyes lovingly westward
once more, and the thought of going back
to the land of my choice is happiness to
me."
Since the madame left Oakland she has
been divorced against her ill, and when
she was Informed of the fact she staled
In a letter that on her return she would
make it warm for certain people who had
undertaken to break up her domestic re
ESCAPED MASSACRE
IN FRENCH SOUDAN
Lieutenant Meunier, One of the Vie-
Tims of Voulet, Recovering
From His Wounds.
PARIS. Oct. 17.— Th.- Colonial Office has
received a telegram asscrtinc: that Lieu
tenant Meunler, who escaped massacre
with the party of Colonel Klubb, by mem
bers of the French expedition under the
charge of Captain Vouli and Captain
Chanoine in the French Soudan, Is now
recovering from lii.- wounds. Lieutenant
Meunier was rescued by Lieutenant Pal
lier, who now commands Voulet's men
and is trying to join the Foureau-Lamy
mission, which left Air for Damergou.
The dispatch does not fix the where
abouts of Voulet or Chanoine.
A MERRY COMEDY AT
ALCAZAR THIS WEEK
There Is no denying the fact that some |
of the members of the Alcazar Stock
Company are very versatile, and among
them all C. F. Montalne is entitled to
first mors. A man who can play one
week the Baron Hartfeld in "Jim the
Penman" with thai subtlety and strength
of execution which marked Mr. Mon
taine's performance of this difficult char
acter, an.l the next week be equal!) suc
cessful as Jose] Poulard in "The
Masked Ball," Is an artist. The former
i.s the characterization of an aristocratic
swindler, whose Impudence Is so great
that it becomes humorous at times, while j
the latter is a poor fellow over whom a
storm la continually breaking In the,
shape of a wife's wrath. On requires
all the dramatic temperament of a drama
tist, while the other necessitates a keen
judgment of comic situations. Mr. Mon
taine, having been very successful in the i
portrayal of both parts, is deserving of i
much praise for great versatility.
Another actor of many resources is Eu
gene Ormonde, who changed the strong
character part of the detective in "Jim
the Penman" for the juvenile role of Dr.
Paul Blondet in "The Masked Ball." I
While the former character is endowed !
with a good deal of an adopted phleg
matic disposition, which is really laugh
able, and accompanied by certain exhi
bitions of occasional cleverness, the lat
ter is the Impersonation of a husband
very much in love with his wife and very
much excited over a plot instigated by
his wife against him as a punishment for
a certain fib he was guilty of. As Mr.
Ormonde was In both parts simply ad- i
mirable, the reputation of an actor par j
excellence cannot be denied him.
Gertrude Foster is this time playing a I
somewhat Jolly role— that of a soubrette, j
as it were. She has a drinking scene,
where she does some legitimate acting.
In order to appreciate this scene fully It!
must be remembered that the tipsync-ss is :
only put on. And in this very fact Miss i
Foster is successful, for it is easy to ob
serve that she acts her part, and one is j
surprised that the husband is not aware
of the Joke. He evidently is so excited i
that he cannot see the plot against him.
The stage management Is, as usual, flaw- i
less. ALFRED METZGER.
THE SAN" FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1599.
TO BRING WAGE-EARNER
AND. MERCHANT TOGETHER
OAKLAND, Oct. Thursday
evening the Oakland trades
unions and labor organiza
tions will hold a convention
in Gler's Hall to discuss the
home-trading movement from the
worklngman's standpoint. The af
fair is in charge of a committee con
sisting of M. A. Mclnnis, chairman;
C. D. Rogers. P. B. Preble, J. H.
Shields. F. O. Shuman and L. M.
Schnitzel*. The committee has already
selected A. J. Read for chairman and
J. V. A. Frates for secretary of the
convention.
lations. She said there were three of
these people, but declined to mention
names, and just how "warm" she will
make it lor them on her return is a
matter of current speculation for Oakland
psychologists.
FILIPINOS CARRY OFF
DR. SANDER'S DISHES
OAKLAND, Oct. 17.— Dr. Ambrose San
der is not at all well pleased with Fili
pinos as guests in his lodging-house on
Franklin street. He swore out a search
warrant to-day for the recovery of a lot
of cups and saucers, table linen, etc.,
which he claims the troupe of Filipinos
who have been performing here the past
week had packed up at his restaurant,
where he had to herd them owing to lack
of rooming facilities. He alleges that
they propose to carry the articles away,
and the Police Court will Investigate to
morrow.
Prospective Brides and Grooms.
OAKLAND, Oct. 17.— Marriage licenses
were Issued to-day to the following: Dan
iel Robert Hawes, 24 years, and Eva L.
Robinson, 24 years. Ban Francisco; John
Conlin. 29 years, and Dosha H. Cooper.
26 years. Oakland; John F. Vargas, 24
years, and Roza Sllva. 21 years, Oakland;
Alexander F. Rlchardes, 28 years, and
Mrs. Olive Salmon, 32 years, San Fran
cisco; Del Cutting Bush, 2^ years, Sacra
mento, and Connie Loring, 27 years, West
Berkeley; Alexander Garrand, 37 years,
and Adele Gobbielle, 2S years, San Fran
cisco.
Contract for a Tomb.
OAKLAND. Oct. 17.— contract was
recorded this afternoon whereby the
Rocklin Granite Company agrees to
perform for Flora D. Jones the excava
tion concrete and marble work for a
tomb In Mountain View Cemetery at a
cost of SootiSf.
No Trace of the Burglars.
OAKLAND. Oct. 17.— Harry Harries.
who was shot by burglars yesterday
morning, ts In no danger from his wound.
The detectives have not yet been able to
find the least trace of the burglars.
BARK WILNA BURNED
IN TACOMA HARBOR
Was Loading Lumber and Had Many
Thousands of Feet in Her
Hold.
TACOMA, Oct. 17.— The American bark
tt'llna of 1368 tons, owned in San Fran
cisco, was totally destroyed by fire to
night in Tacoma harbor. About 3
o'clock she was found to be ablaze. Tugs
went out to her, but were unable to ex
tinguish the lire with their small hose.
The ship was cut loose from St. Paul
wharf to prevent her from setting tire
to other vessels. The lire department
wanted her towed up to the wharves,
where it was thought the (ire could be
put out With the lire engines.
Before this could be attempted the
flames had gained such headway that
tugs gave up trying to get hold of her.
She burned all night, with the flames
shooting upward mast high and forming
an illumination witnessed b.v the entire
city.
The Wilna arrived from San Franclsco
two weeks ago and was loading lumber
for Sydney. She was under chart by
Charles Nelson and had over a quarter
million feet of lumber in her hold. The
less is estimated here at about $40,000. The
insurance is unknown.
PRESBYTERIAN SYNOD.
Rev. T. M. Boyd Opens the Session at
Vallejo.
VALLEJO. Oct. 17.— The presbytery of
Benicia convened here to-night. It was
opened with a sermon by Rev. T. M.
Boyd of Point Arena. To-morrow after
noon the members will visit the Hartford,
now in commission at Mare Island, and
to-morrow the presbytery will take the
steamer J. D. Peters to Stockton to at
tend the Synod of California.
The presbytery embraces thirty
ministers, thirty-live churches and 2066
communicants, including all the territory
or. the coast from the Oregon line to San
Francisco. Exercises began to-night at
7:30 o'clock, and the public ls invited to
attend all sessions
KILLED IN A MINE.
SALT LAKE, Utah. Oct. 17.—
pounds of giant powder exploded at the
300-foot level of the Rabbit's Foot mine
near Eureka last night, where six men
were at work, killing James Redford and
Oscar Slett.
The other men were brought to the
surface alive, but almost suffocated by
gas. Paul Porta, a miner at the Grand
Central, was killed by a shot going off
while he was still in the winze.
Married in Jail.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 17.— Albert Kraus
and Miss Viola Moodey of Healdsburg
were married here this afternoon in the
County Jail. Kraus, who is a solicitor for
a portrait company, was brought to this
city about ten weeks ago from Portland,
where he had been arrested on a warrant
sworn to by Miss Moodey. , The couple
were to have been married some time ago,
but Kraus failed to show up on the day
set for the wedding.
ALAMEDA COUNTY
Three Prominent Members of the Committee.
Among those who have been Invited
to speak are: Rev. R. F. Coyle, D. D. ;
Rev. C. R. Brown, Samuel B. Don
nelly, president of the International
Typographical Union; M. M. Barnet
of the Merchants' Exchange and J.
Wolf of the Cigar-makers' Union.
The vice presidents of the convention
are: President Frank Ingersoll of the
Carpenters' Union, C. F. Eiampel of
the Horseshoers' Union. John Mason
of the Cement Workers' Union, J. S.
Burk of the Lathers' Union, J. S.
Kenney of the Plumbers' Union, T. J.
Courtney of the Shinglers' Union, J.
LAWSUITS NOW
CONFRONT THE
CITY TRUSTEES
Officials Threaten to
Bring Actions.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 17.— The meeting of the j
Board of Trustees of this city to-night
proved a lively one. Trustee Mackie j
created a sensation by criticizing the City
Clerk, and there was also a warm fight
over the election of George Macrea to a -
position on the local police force. At the
outset of the meeting Trustee Shulte j
voiced his objection to Macrea. He said i
the latter had received but three votes, j
He desired to know whether Chairman
Brick had cast the deciding vote, and
having received an answer in the nega- j
tive moved for a reconsideration of the
election, but there being no second the ]
motion was not entertained. A. V. Fisher I
appeared before the board and asked j
what action had been taken on his claim \
for $75, salary as collector for the month j
of July. President Brick Informed him i
that the board had decided to take no J
action whatever, that it was the desire of i
the Trustees to ha-, the matter tested in j
the courts. Trustee Miller moved to have
the board fix the salary to be paid the;
DeDUty City Clerk. Mr. Miller moved
that the deputy's salary be fixed at $5- a
month. Objection being offered, Mr. Mil
ler desired to know what the opinion of
the Finance Committee was in the mat
ter. Mr. Mackie replied that the com
mittee had reported two weeks ago that
DETROIT'S GUNS WERE
TRAINED ON VENEZUELA
American Warships Prevented a
Bombardment of the Town of
Puerto Cabello.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.— President An
drade of Venezuela was on board the
Red Line steamship Philadelphia, which
arrived from Puerto Cabello and La
Guayra this morning. The offcers of the
vessel, however, had some stories to tell
about the rebellion in the South Ameri
can Republic. When the Philadelphia
was in the harbor of Puerto Cabello on
October 4 and 5 the rebels swarmed over
the hills back of the town and took pos
session of it. The fort was hold by the
Government troops, who threatened to
tire on the town to drive out the rebels.
The cruiser Detroit was lying in the
harbor close to the American consulate
and the Consul forbade the bombardment
of the town. ---.;> --
"If you open fire on the town I shall
proceed to shell your works,'' was the
message he sent to the commandant, ac
cording to the officers of the Philadelphia.
In order to emphasize the message the
guns of the Detroit were trained on the
Venezuelan fortification. That night an
envoy from President Andrade was sent
from Caracas to Puerto Cabello. where he
had a conference with General Castro.
There was a story at Puerto Cabello
that President Andrade had offered to
leave Venezuela if permitted to sell all
the property he held and take the pro
ceeds out of the country with him. Castro
would not agree to these terms. Chief
Officer M. M. Crockett of the Philadel
phia says the insurrection is holding up
thousands of bags of coffee, which can
not be transported to the seashore and
all ships are leaving port light.
COLOMBIANS PERSECUTED.
Systematic Outrages Are Practiced
Against Them in Ecuador.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1599. by James Gor-
don Bennett.
PANAMA, Oct. 17.— Advices from the
Herald's correspondent In Bogota state
that 'systematic outrages be,ing practiced
against Colombian citizens In Ecuador
threaten to endanger relations with that
republic. , • -r -
The Ecuadorean Minister, General
Carbo. although well disposed, seems un
able/to Influence his Government to act
with justice. _______
Rush at the Sugar Factory.
SALINAS. Oct. 17.— Some idea of the
rush at the Spreckels sugar factory may
be gained from the knowledge that sev
eral extra freight trains have been com
ing and going daily over the Southern
Pacific tracks for some weeks past. Yes
terday an extra with twelve heavily beet
laden gondola cars arrived in the fore
noon. There were some 360 tons of beets
on the cars, and this is only a small por
tion of the daily receipts. Then the
northbound extra freight takes away
dally from six to seven carloads of sugar
to the refinery At San Francisco. This
output will average about 150 tons daily.
T. Kearns of the Plasterers' Union, Wil
liam Baccess of the Bricklayers'
Union, Sam Ferris of the Painters'
Union, F. W. Wetmore of the Build
ing and Trades Council, E. M. Skain
of the Carmen's Union, F. P. Fury of
the Master Plumbers' Union and A.
D. McKinnon of the Coal Dealers'
Union.
The purpose of the gathering is to
consider and put into action plans for
encouraging the wage-earners to do
all their trading at home and to Insure
the employment of organized labor by
merchants.
in Its judgment the City Clerk did not
need a deputy.
"1 told the City Clerk," said Mr.
Mackie. "when this matter was up be
fore, that I had figures as to the time he
had been spending In the office, and I ad
vised him to let the question rest. Now
it is brought up again and 1 am taken by
surprise. 1 have those figures at home,
not here. 1 have too much regard for the
City Clerk and for his deputy to want to
be forced to fix a nominal salary for the
deputy, but I do oppose placing a pre
■ mium on an official going outside his office
and earning an additional stipend."
Mr. Miller stated that he had brought the
question up to avoid a lawsuit. "I think
a suit the best," replied Mr. Mackie. "We
want it determined whether 'we have
power as Trustees to run municipal af
fairs. The office-holders seem to be over
riding us. If we have no power I want
to know it and I shall then be in favor
of stepping out, as I have felt like doing
several times already.''
Mr. Shulte moved as an amendment to
the original motion that the salary of the
'. deputy clerk be fixed at $5, and Mr.
Mackie seconded It. The amendment was
carried by the votes of Messrs. Brick,
Mackie and Shulte. Mr. Miller and Mr.
: Forderer voted against the amendment.
j Suit will be brought against the Trustees
j by Deputy Clerk Fletter for three months'
. salary at the rate of $75 per month. A.
V. Fisher will commence suit for the re
i covery of the $75 due him. In both cases
the City Attorney advised the board that
the claims were legal.
Mr. Miller spoke in favor of having
I bonds voted to the amount of $30,000 for
I the Improvement of Webster street.
SAYS SHE WILL FIGHT
TO THE BITTER END
OAKLAND. Oct. 17.— 1n the suit of the
Union Savings Bank against Mrs. L. M.
Cottarell for the restitution of the prem
ises and fifteen-room house at the cor
ner of Twelfth and Oak streets, Judge
Greene to-day rendered Judgment on the
pleadings in favor of plaintiff and a writ
issued, which will be served to-morrow,
when interesting developments are ex
pected, as Mrs. Cottarell vow* she will
not give up the fight to retain possession.
According to the bank authorities Presi
NORMAL SCHOOL PUPILS
MUST BE VACCINATED
The Edict Is Very Unpopular, but
There Is No Open Rebellion
Against It.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 17.-The 600 young
ladies attending the Normal School
must submit to vaccination. This is due
to an order recently passed by the State
Board of Health, making it compulsory
for the inmates of all State institutions
to be vaccinated.
In the assembly hall this morning Prin
cipal McNaughton read a letter from the
State Board of Health stating vaccination
must be proceeded with at once. This
caused some pouting among the young
ladies, but no open rebellion, and it is
expected that lame arms will be common
among the students for the next few
weeks.
CONTEST OF ROBERT
BONNER'S WILL BEGUN
Grandchildren of the Late Publisher
and Horseman Institute Pro
ceedings. •
NEW TORK. Oct. 17.— contest over
the will of Robert Bonner, the publisher
and horseman, was begun to-day in be
half of Mr. Bonner's grandchildren. Rob
ert Allen Bonner and Lawrence Kip Bon
ner, who are sons of the late Andrew Al
len Bonner. Robert Bonner's favorite son
The value of the estate is given as $750
--000. Contestants allege that when Rob
ert Bonner made the will, ten days be
fore his death, he was mentally Incom
petent and was improperly influenced by
his two surviving sisters.
Jumped From a Window.
SELMA, Oct. 17.— William Gallagher, a
Selma rancher who became insane a few
months ago, jumped from a car window
this morning and was so badly injured
that there is little hope of his recovery.
The insane man was being taken to Ohio
by his brother, M. G. Gallagher. While
the latter was bidding goodby to some
friends the insane man jumped from the
window. A searching party found him
a few hours later groaning by the road
side. Gallagher attempted to kill himself
with a knife a short time ago.
Collection for Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 17 —
Dr. Jordan has just received word that a
valuable collection of New Zealand fishes
has been presented to the Stanford mu
seum by S. H. Drew of Wanganni, New
Zealand. The specimens, which are now
on the way, are considered a valuable ad
dition to President Jordan's already large
collection of fishes, coming as they do
from so remote a source. Only one other
donation was made to an American insti
tution, and that was to the National Mu
seum at Washington. D. C.
Coal Bunkers Ablaze.
PENDLETON. Or.. Oct. 17.— A special
to the East Oregonlan from Pasco. Wash.,
says Immense coal bunkers of the North
ern Paclflc at that point are on flre and
burning fiercely.
HKiiH
dent W. G. Henshaw allowed the woman
to occupy the big house in view of the
scarcity of renters about the first of
the year. When a renter did appear and
Mrs. Cottarell's removal was desired she
refused, claiming the bank owed her $2
for each day since the occupancy for ser
vices as caretaker, a fact she set up in
her answer.
Says He Was "Held Up."
OAKLAND, Oct. 17.— Henry Overly, re
siding at 2132 Essex street, Berkeley, re
ports to the police that, while walking
home on Telegraph avenue, near Alca
traz, to-night, he was held up by a young
man aged about IS years and relieved of
$75, which the footpad "' ordered him to
hand over at the point of a revolver. The
police do not place much credence in the
story.
ST. BRENDAN'S FAIR.
To-night will mark the closing of St.
Brendan's fair, which has been open dur
ing the past fortnight at Fremont and
Harrison streets. Notwithstanding the
fact that the useful and ornamental ar
ticles at the various booths have oeen
selling rapidly, there is still quite a num
ber left and a fine opportunity of acquir
ing them by raffle or purchase at "bar
gain sale prices" is presented. Last night
the parishioners attended in large num
bers and toe-night a bier crowd will wit
ness the winding up of the affairs of the
bazaar, The admission is free, and all
will be mad.- welcome whether they invest
or not. An impromptu musical pro
gramme will be given to-night by the
ladies of the different booths. Father
Nugent, the pastor of the church, an
nounced that several hundred dollars is
still required to pay for the street work
assessment on the church property, out
he ls confident that the deficit will be
made up to-night by the charitable mem
bers of his flock.
YOUTHS' DIRECTORY FAIR.
The members of the Olympic Club were
the main attraction at the Youths' Direc
tory Festival last night, and they pre
sented a number of clever athletic feats.
Tin- programme was as follows: Contest
with foils, 1". Serre and J. H. Horigan:
dueling swords. Professor Tronchet and
E. Onion; Indian club swinging, VV.
Smythe; tumbling. Bob Leando. Four
round boxing exhibitions were given by
T. R. Manning and J. F. McCarthy, F. Ast
and P. McQee, S. Simpson and C. Mil
ward. A Cakewalk by Miss Agnes Curley
and Miss Nellie Bradley concluded the
evening's entertainment.
The farce "Turned Up" was presented
last night at Native Sons' Hall for the
benefit of the directory and netted a hand
some sum for the worthy cause. The dif
ferent characters were well sustained by
clever amateurs, and a large audience was
agreeably entertained. The festival will
continue four nights.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
New
Fast
Train.
Via Rio Grande Western and Denver
and Rio Grande railways in connection
with Southern Paclflc Company's limited
train, leaving San Franclsco dally at 8
a. m.
Through Double Drawing- Room Sleeper.
Free Reclining-Chair Cars.
Perfect Dining- Car Service.
For information, rates, etc., apply any
Southern Pacific agent, or No. 14 Montgomery
street.
W. H. SNEDAKER, General Agent.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LSSSBB
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot olf Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35, !
3:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS 8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30
5:00. C:2O p. m. .
SAN P.AFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45, j
40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1 :56 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDA YS-8:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 3:40, 5:05,
6:25 p. m.
Between San Franclsco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave I Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Franclsco.
October 15,
Week Sun- 1899 Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination days. Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm l 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pml 5:00 pm Santa Kosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton.
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 ami Hopland and
' 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm f 6:22 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 anil' 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
) and
6:10 pmf 5:00 pmj Glen Ellen. .6:05 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am i
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm! 7:35 pm 6:22 pm |
Stapes connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West :
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton !
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs i
Springs,: at Cloverdale for the Geysers: at Hop-
lan for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs: at I'kiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake, Porno, I
Potter Valley. John nay's, Riverside. Lierley's. I
Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville,
Booneville. Phllo, Christine. Soda Springs,'
Navarro. Whitesboro, Albion. Little River, I
Orr's Hot ings, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg, '
Westport, I'sai, Wlllltts, Laytonvllle, Cum- j
mlng's. Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen'9. Dyer, J
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re- j
duced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St.. Chronicle bldg. .
H. C WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gin. Pass, Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing October 1. 1889.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-*7:00. *9:30. 11:00 a. m.; «1:46,
•3-1' 5:15. 6 00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San Ra-
fael on Monday*. Wednesdays and Saturdays,
at 9*:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUM 'AYS- "8:00. •10:00. '11:30 a. m.; n:la,
3:15, '4:45. 6:30. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentin. .
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:I6, *6:35. 7:45. *9:40 a. m.; !
•12.30 2:15, '3:40. *5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «M. '5:00. »10:00. '11:45 a. m.;
•1-40 '3:15. 4:45. *6:30 p. m.
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO. '
WEEK PAYS— 6:45. 7:55. 9:45 a. m.;
12:35. 2:35. 3:45. 5:20 p. m. i
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturday* at 7:00 and 10:20 p. m. • ]
SUNDAYS— B:OS. 10:05 a. m.: 12:05. 2:16. 1:30, 13
6:00, 6:45 p. m
THROUGH TRAINS. - ; ]
9:00 a. m. week days Cazadero and way stations. ;
8:40 p. m. Saturdays — Tomales and ,-ay stations. i
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomales and way stations. S
/^"^v DKjßibbon's Dispensary,
J^&jmS. *>-•"> KEAKKV .ST. Established
Ksf*l|~^m| '" ,s;i '* for the treatment of Private
tftrt IKMllr "^'' R, < Lost Manhood. Debility or
SafflJ^M^^g disease wearing on hoilv and mind and
■*SffSSC*T?J« skin Diseasea I'hedoctorcureswhen
2WMram othei s fall Try him. CharKes low
iJ*S2sSwu^a Cureneimrnntrrd. Callorwrlte.
Ur. J. ft' UIIIRON Box 1037.. San Franclsco
I / OF THE J
U,BA.ycnitsj J
WEST STREET
OPENING WILL
BE EXPENSIVE
Plan Completed for a
Big Scheme.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
93S Broadway, Oct. 17.
The plan for the opening of West
street was completed to-day by the City
Engineer, and it contains enough evi
dence to show that there will be a bitter
contest before this boulevard is openecl
from Twenty-second to Twenty-sixth
streets.
This project originated with Council
man Girard, and has received all pos
sible support up to this point. The Coun
cil readily acknowledged the value of cut
ting this broad thoroughfare clear
through, from the- water front to iho
Berkeley line.
The plan shows that lt will be neces
sary to take several large pieces of land
on which are built many houses of
medium value. The line cuts completely
through eight structures and takes in lhe
land on which are about a dozen more.
The lines run through the land from
Sycamore te Twenty-sixth street, requir
ing 198 feet on one side and 200 feet on the
other. A little corner,- 7 by 14 feet, Is
taken off the corner of the east side of
San Pablo avenue and Twenty-fifth street.
On the opposite side a corner 4€ by 39 feet
is cut off Isabella street. South of Isa
bella street 425 feet is required to meet
the existing northerly boundary of West
street. The lines are so run that they
are perfectly straight from the boundaries
of west street south of Twenty-second
to the boundaries of West street north of
Twenty-sixth widening out three feet, as
the southern portion of the street is
77 feet wide while north of Twenty-sixth
is 80 feet wide.
The assessment district Is marked off
from Fifth to Forty-seventh streets, and
embraces one entire block on each side
of West street. This throws the assess
ment on eighty-four blocks of property.
The necessary resolution of intention will
be presented to the Council at its next
meeting.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
TIHKN r.U'll'H' CTOMIPAJfT:
(PACIFIC MVSTK.M.)
Trains !«•»»«• mul tare due to nrriTC .««
NAN FltAN<lS«'4».
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
wave — Fbou October 15, 1899. — arrive:
•7:OOa Renicla, Suisun and Sacramento •?:-l3i'
•7:00 a Marysville, Oro-.illo via Woodland.
Elmira, Vacavillo and Rumsoy •7:4.'»p
•7:OOa Shasta Express— Davis. Widows,
Red Bluff, Portland «7:43p
•7:30 a Marline/, San ltamon, Vallejo. Napa,
OaUsb Rr-. wai Santa Rosa •«:!.'>>>
•NsooaTlw. Overland Limited—
Omaha, Chicago *&ttS*
•BiIIOa Sau Jose, Livermore. Stockton,
lone, Sacramento, Placerville,
Marysville, Chico, Red Bluff "Attar
•8i»0\ •Milton, Oakdale and Houora ••sjlSp
•0:OOa Haywards, Niks and Way Stations. M 1: Lla
•0:OOa Atlantic Kxpress— and East *9:43 a
•0:OOa Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop. Stockton,
Merced and Fresno • I '-*: 1 3 r
•U:«»a Fresno, IJakeailieH, Santa Itarbara,
Los Angeles,. Deming, El Paso,
New Orleans and East ,V. . . . **>: •■>!•
• io-.ooa Vallejo. Martinez and Way -Stations *7:lr>p
. •II :OOa Haywards, Nilea and Way Stations. *2:l.>h
•lii:OOM Nik:i, Livermore, Stockton, Sacra-
niento, Mendota, Hanford, Visalia,
Pcrterville »J:lsp
♦ l:00p Sacramento UiverSteTiiners fSiAOp
•3:00r Haywards, Nil, and Way Stations. *.'>:4.'»p
•4:OOr Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, CulHtonH, Santa ltosa •Oils*
MiflOr lii-nicla, Vacaville, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing,
Marysville, Oroville • 10:43 a
•4::{(»r Hiles, Kan. and Stockton •7:l."»p
•3:OOrTlio Owl Limited— Tracy, Fresno,
BakcrsQeld. Saugua tar Santa Uar-
bara, Loa Angeles *0:I3\
•5:»0p Stocktou, Merced, Fresno •lii:ir>p
•31:10 Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, I'resno,
Mojavo ami I.oh Angeles •Si-I3a
•3:ilOp Santa Vo Route Atlantic lixpre-ss
for Mojavo and Kast "0:-l3p
••lOwjf Hayward3, Niles and San Jose *7i4ii»A
t»:3or Vallejo »l 2: 1 ■->
•0:3«p Oriental Mail— ; en and East •»:30p
, J7:OOp Vallejo, l'urt, Costa and Way Sta-
tions Jo:33p
•8:03p Oregon and California l'lxi>ress,Mae>
raitienl Mai ville, Ueilillus,
Portland. I'm;.-!. .--.,,.,.. 1 mi.! 1 :11 st «H:13.4.
COAST DIVISION (Narrow (iange).
I (Foot of Market Street.!
•H:l3a Newark,(Jcutcrvllle,San.)oso,Folton,
Boulder Cre -ek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations »3:3«p
ta:l3p Newark, Oentervllle, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, llouldcr ('reek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations 1 1«:30
•4:13p Newark, Son Jose, Los Gatos *I»iStOA
tli:ir>p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stat io-s {7:20p
CREEK ROUTE FERRy!
'Rom SIR riUKCILCO— Ftil of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:16 9:00 11:00 a.m. 11:00 *2:00 13:00
•1:03 15:03 ♦6:00 p.M.
»Rom CIKURD— FooI «rßroaJw»j.—"fi:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
tIICO '1:00 t2:CO »3::3 11:03 -J::Sc'.'i,
COAST DIVISION (Broad O.mige).
(Third and Tow usee 1. 1 Sts.)
tO: 1 Ocean View, South ban I'rancLco.. t««::t«p
•7:OOa Sum Jose and Way Stations (New
Alinadeu Wednesdays only) *l:*Op
•9:00 a Sun Jose, Tres I'incis, Santa Cruz,
Pacific drove, I'iish Itobles, Sim
Luis Ottisno, Surf, Lompoc and
Principal Way Stations •*»l©r
•IO: in* San. in,,! Way Stations •0:83*
•lIiSOa Bon Joso and Way .Stations # 3::ntp
fit:43pSan Mateo, Itedwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, .Santa Clara, San .lose.
Tics Pinos, Santa Cruz. Salinas,
Monterey and I'acilie Grove iIO::t6A
tBtS«r San Jose and Way Stations •7:3»p
j fl:lsr San Jose and Principal Way Stations "9: 19 4
7 J3:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations t'.»:Oi'A
' •,'>.-:tOr San Joso and Principal Way Stations •**::*>-^A
I *6{3op San Jose and Way Stations t*: o,> A
bll:!.")!' San .lose- and Way Stations *7::t»?
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Daily. • t Sunda* excepted. 1 Sunday only.
b Saturday only.
r
Santa Feßpute
'&£■: m 1i M^ "Kansas
It./ I iy^^™
;^ § d^/^-B\i<3u_\e.__i_t
(i! y^""""i' lap Asa
iSr' B_oSAHCtL___> *PHOENIH
'^^SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO J
* ========== i
, THE MOST COMFORTABLE WaY
ACROSS THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULL-
MAN PALACE AND PULLMAN UP-
HOLSTERED TOURIST CARS LEAVE
OAKLANDMOLE FOR CHICAGO AND
THE EAST. TAKE MARKET STREET
FERRY AT 530 P M.
DINING ROOMS AND DINING
CARS ARE MANAGED BY MR FRED
HARVEY, AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL.
Head Down. VALLEY ROAD. Read Up.
•7:20 am||lC:lo am Stockton 13:40 pm| 6:(W cino
8:10 am | 2:05 pm Merced fl2:10 pmj 4:13 pm
10:40 am 5 a:l» pm Freaoo tS:00 am 2:43 pm
11:38 am: j 7:45 pm Hanford t7:ooam 1:43 pm
1:25 pm [112:80 am Bakerafleld {1:00 am 11:00 am
11:69 am t6:25 pm Visalia { $5:20 am 1:22 pm
12:15 pro! t6:53 pm Tulare ' {4:25 am *1:05 pia
•Daily. tExcept Sunday. {Except Monday.
San Francisco Ticket Office. 628 Market at- ;
Tel. Main 163 L
Oakland Office. 1119 Broadway.
Sacramento Office, 301 J st.
San Jose Office. 7 West Santa Clara, st.
iviwUiii IAAIALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave Snn Franclsco via Sausalito Ferry
Commencing SUNDAY. October L 1889. "
WEEK DATS— 9:3O a, m. and 1:45 p. m.
BUN LAYS— 10:00 a. m. and 1:15 p. ra.
Faro 8. F. to Summit and Return. 31 to.
THOS. COOK & SUN. AKta., 621 Market st.
1112
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
- .. . I
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San ncisco
Call corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES 527 Montgomery street, j
corner Clay; open until 0:80 o'clock.
SOO Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
639 McAllister street: open until 8:80 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9.30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
Ffi Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner cf Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets; .pen until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN Gate Encampment No. 1, ia A
OOF Officers and members are no- V
tlfied to assemble in Encampment Hall. /\
Odd Fellows' building, at 9 o'clock/' %
a m THURSDAY. October 19. to take part
in the parade. Such as are not able to march
will otherwise be provided for,^- Q p
WM E. Ii BOIS, C. P.
H. C, GEORGE, Scribe.
WALHALLA Encampment No. 7. I .'! O. A^
0. F.— The officers and member-.-, ot tne \r
above encampment desiring to J taK , e j /\
part in the Golden Jubilee Parade. I.' ,„ ,„
OOF are hereby notified to assemble In
their' hall. corner Market and Seventh s.s
THURSDAY, October 19. 9:20 a. m. ' ■'"'• to
obtain their de. BER>
G. MOENNING. Secretary. .
MEMBERS of Oriental Encampment >£^/S
67 I 0 O F.. participating In parade V
will please ass-mole at had on X \
THURSDAY. October \*\***^s&b»?
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, I 0, . O. J^Bfcfa
Members will met in M' - __^_3B '
mortal Hall THURSDAY. Oct "''
at 9«_m. to be assigned to place ~"~
in parade. Carriages for those ha can't
walk F. J- MILLET.'; Marshall
ABOU Ben Adhem Lodge No. 112 I. sgS&ga&jfr.
OOF Members will assemble^^2Kg_
in lodge room THURSDAY, Oct.
19 at 9:30 a. m. sharp for Jubilee »"»» ]
parade. By order of the lodge.
1 ' A. J. PLUNKETT. N. Q.
HALL of Occidental Lodge No. 179, ,^»w«i^>
1. O. O. F.— Members of the lodge
are requested to meet at the
iodgeroom, 32 O'Farrell st. at '... i
Ho a. m. sharp, THURSDAY, for the pur-
pose of participating in the Jubilee parade.
Kindly make an effort to be with us on that
morning. By order of
S. G. WHITNEY. N. G.
LOYAL Rebekah Lodge No. 215, i^jggXfe.
I O. O. F.— The members of se33»»S=
above lodge desiring' to take part -y^S?^
In parade Will assemble In Ban- '•'
quet Hall. I O. O. F. building. THURSDAY.
October 19. at 9:30 a. m. By order of
R. JEWELL, N. G.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 189, F. and A. fl
M.— Second degree THIS (WEDNES- _J\_
DAY) EVENING. October 18, at "^tEIC
o'clock. By order of the W. M. / V >
H. FORTRIEDE. Secretary.^
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. I^6. F. and A. •
M. Special meeting THIS (WEDNES- _M\_
DAY) EVENING. October IS, at 7:3OYS3f
o'clock, for Instruction. /y_V l
THEO. E. SMITH, Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. V.'.. F. and A M.— m
Called meeting TKIS (WEDNESDAY) JL
EVENING, at 7SO o'clock. Exempllfl- JS 7?
cation of new work. /^*T\
C. D. BUNKER, Secretary.
OFFICERS and members Ancient Order fe^^-^
Hibernians.— The Rev. Father Crowley -\\y:jf
and the ladles -and gentlemen having J&>'fl
charge of the Youths' Directory Fes- CCl^i*
rival have set aside THIS (WEDNES- sT^ifc
DAY) EVENING, October 18, to be known as
"Irish Night." In response to their kind in-
vitation the members of the A O. H. will as-
semble at 120 Ninth st . THIS (WEDNES-
DAY) EVENING, at 8 o'clock, to proceed to
the Direct Fair In a body. By order of
J. J. DONOHOE, County President.
P. J. KELLEHER, County Secretary.
RIGGERS' and Stevedores' Union Association.
-The funeral detail from WM. BURKE to
JOHN CONNELL, Inclusive, will assemble at
their hall DAY, at 1:30 p. m., to attend
the funeral of our late brother, HENRY
TURKISON. By order
THOS. BENSON. President
ALEX CAMPBELL, Ree. Sec.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from Henry 11. Meyer, et als.. in the ,
French Claim, at Alabama Hill, near Downie- <
ville. Sierra County, to deposit tailings In a
ravine below the mine; from H. J. Sinnott I
end F. M. Spencer, in the Hopkins Creek
Tailing Claim, in Goodwin Township. Plumas
County, to deposit tailings in Hopkins Creek;
and from James C. West. in the Eagle Gulch
mine, in Butte County, near Strawberry Val- :
ley, to deposit tailings ln a worked-out pit,
gives notice that a meeting will be held at
room "3. Flood building. San Francisco. Cab,
on October 30. 1899. at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL meeting— Annual meet of stock-
holders of the KILAUEA SUGAR
PLANTATION COMPANY will be held at
the office of the company, 327 Market street,
ln the city and county of San Francisco,
State of California, on WEDNESDAY, the
J.'th day of October. 1599. at the hour of 11
O'clock a. m.. for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year, and the transaction of such other busi-
ness is may come before the meeting. Trans-
fer books will close on Saturday, October 14.
1899, at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
NOTICE of meeting of stockholders of The Ris-
don Iron and Locomotive Works, to take into
consideration proposed Increase of capital
stock.
Notice Is hereby given that pursuant to -i
resolution and order of the board of directors
of The Risdon Iron and Locomotive Works, a
corporation organized and existing under and
by virtue of the laws of the State ef Califor-
nia, and having its office and principal place
of business at the city and county of San
Francisco, In said State, unanimously adopted
at a regular meeting of said board held on
the seventh day of August, ln the year one
thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine, a
meeting of the stockholders of said corpora-
tion will be held on Wednesday, the Eight-
eenth iy of October, In the year one thou-
sand < ,-ht hundred and ninety-nine, at the
hour . f two o'clock ln the afternoon of said
d*y. at the office of said corporation, which
Is at the building situate on the easterly cor-
ner of Beale and Howard streets, ln said city
and county of San Franclsco. the same being
the principal place of business of said corpo-
ration, and being the building where the
board of directors of said corporation usually
meets;
That the object of said meeting Is to deter-
mine whether or rot the capital stock of said
corporation shall be increased from one million
dollars, divided Into ten thousand shares of
one hundred dollars each, to a capital stock
cf one million one hundred thousand dollars,
divided Into eleven thousand shares of one
hundred dollars each;
That the amount to which lt Is proposed to
Increase the said capital stock Is one million
one hundred thousand dollars.
By order of the board of directors,
L. R. MEAD.
Secretary of The Risdon Iron and Locomotive
Works.
_ Dated August 8. 1*99.
c _ =
ACCOUNTANTS.
B. K. BALLARD. 401 Cal. St.. designs, audits *
adjusts nccounts for corporations & Arms; ref.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. KING, sixth floor. Chron-
icle building; no advance charges; all cases;
estates, mortgages. damages, collections,
bankruptcy, wills, etc., drawn; moderate
fees; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
NOAH F. FLOOD, 935 Market St.. opp. Mason;
consultation free; moderate fees.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels building, 927
Market: consultation free; no fees ir. advance.
NAGLE & NAGLE. attorneys at law. Emma
Spreckels building. 927 Market St.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
BATH CABINETS-THERMAL.
THE Robinson 4-panel hath cabinet, folding
like a screen; one panel opening as a door;
tail and see It; descriptive booklet free. W.
B, BROWN, general agent. 426 Ellis st.
BICYCLES — For Sule or Exchange.
WHITE agency, DM Market st.; a few '99
wheels. $25; mechanical repairing.
BICYCLE I'Ali ->
THOS. H. B. .VARNEY. Market and Tenth.
RAMBLER AND IDEAL BICYCLES.
REPAIRING A SPECIALTY.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
MARKET. 1049 A (Hotel Robinson)— Under new
and excellent management; Mr. M. C. Rob-
inson, formerly Oakland, prop.; sunny suites
very desirable for families; first-class table;
quick service; reasonable rates; family suites
a specialty; American and European plan.
EDDY, 123— United States Hotel; rooms $1 50
week up. with board $3 .70; suit for two with
board, $12; board, $4 week; meals, 25c; ele-
vator runs all night. j '■■_
A NEW family hotel. 807 California st., occu-
pying corner opposite Grace Church.
"BELGRAVIA." I'-'lk and Clay— Sunny suites;
best board; for 2. $15 up; single, $20.
LEAVENWORTH, 219— Sunny front rooms; ex-
cellent table board; desirable location; reas.
MARKET, IS2O 'Las Palmas)— Suite of 2 or J
rms.; private; bath. sin. rms.; board optional.
O'FARRELL. Clean comfortable rooms; su-
perior table board: bath: piano; reasonable.
PINE 1222— Handsome family hotel; sunny
rooms; suite or single; refs. Miss Hutchinson.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
POWELL, 309 (The Waldorf)— Furnished suites
and single, with or without board.
THE Irving— Sl6 Sutter— Sunny front suite and
single rooms with excellent board.
UNCLE HARRIS. la Grant, makes advances at
lowest rates on valuables of all descriptions.
HOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS .bought and exchanged.
Holmes Book Co., 704 Mission st.. near Third.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
HsoJJ< : olLNElt~sJiToon, one block from Market
st aclosefto Odd Fellows' bldg, rent $40;
lease- daily receipts SIS. death cause of sale.
R. C. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A=-$7500^-HOTEL of 120 rooms, offices, bar, din-
' lng-room, etc. ; establ. many years, with large
patronage; .centrally located: this nrsi-ciass
paving property must be .old at once: impor-
tant family affair calls owner to Europe, full-
est Investigation solicited. Call K. <-»•
WILKB, 506 Market at. „
A— slloo- CORNER saloon with 6 rooms; rent
$60: mercantile lunch: between wholesale
bouses and Iron foundries: place clearing $100
per month; lease. - ! Call WILKE. 906 _ MarKcu
X-JJSSCO-CHIROPODIST and manicure pari -
Mar- and Powell sts.; only the very best
class of patronage; no rent to pay; a spledld
offer. R. _. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— PARTNER wanted with $400 In good-paying
water-front saloon; splendidly paying; best
location. Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A- S<SoJJJJbRANCH bakery and stationery store
on Farrell St.. Including 4 rooms; dally re-
ceipts $10; rent. $27: a splendid offer. R. G.
WILKE, 306 Market st.
A— s3so; DYEING and cleaning store on Powell
st.; rent $35; first class; paying. Call WILKE.
906 Market St.
$1250— GROCERY store (no bar): splendid loca-
tion; best class cash trade; good horse and
wagon; large stcck; fine fixtures and safe;
onsh register; sickness. M. LESS, 705 Market.
1375— Restaurant, near car house an 1 3 car lines;
big regular trade; Saturday & Sundays large
transient; living rms. M, LESS. 765 Market.
$4250— MILK ranch m city: 64 cows. 7 horses. 8
wagons, farming utensils; everything com-
plete and in tip-top order; 48 cans; best class
trade; offer one of best ever made; positively
full value ln sight, with splendid business
thrown In; full Investigation and trial of you
mean business; none but principals. M.
LESS. 765 Market st.
$4500— RESTAURANT and oyster house; Market
st ; magnificently fitted up private rooms;
will easily clear $300 monthly; trial given if
you .... business. M ESS, 705 Market st.
$200— PAYING branch bakery in the Mission:
4 living rms.; receipts from $12 to $14 per day;
rent cheap; old estab. M. LESS. [65 Market.
$325— EXPERIENCED saloonman for one-half
interest ln a flrst-class saloon; good location;
fine business. JONES & CO.. 865 Market st.
$600— FIRST-CLASS cigar stand; wholesale dis-
trict' must be sold this week on account
other business. JONES, 865 Market st.
$400— BRANCH bakery, eerie*, delicacies;
doing business $9 to $12 day; two weeKS trial
given; 5 living rooms; rent $20. JONEfa, 860
Market st. .
CALL and see list— 3 country hotels, restau-
rants coffee houses, branch bakeries, fine
corner grocery, a good paying saloon, lodging
houses from 10 to 100 rooms, country mer-
chandise and bakeries for sale and exchange.
EITEL. IOOSft Market st.
»->--. -SA*.Oi IN doing prosperous business: 4 fur-
"rms. ; cheap rent. KREDO & CO.. 22 _ Geary.
tiki's— GROCERY and bar; fixtures cost $1000;
fresh stock: Invoice $1200; $25 dally; must be
sold; sickness. KREDO & ''(>.. 224 Geary st.
A CANDY store: best on Market St.; bargain.
COWING & CO., 995 Market st.
PARTNER wanted In good paying patent
right: bear Investigation. COWING * CO..
996 Market st,
$3(IO— SALOON, with furniture Included. Mc-
1. VUOHLIN & CO., 7774 Market st.
$300— RESTAURANT: paying business: trial
given. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 7774 Market.
A GRAND CHANCE: business clearing $75 per
month; price only $150. HEALY, 917 Market.
$13no— SNAP; saloon; best location In city; near
Market St.; fine business. BASILE, 8 Eddy,
WOULD like to invest about $500 in any good
business paying wages for two men. Box
706. CaU.
PARTNER wanted with $800; $500 cash: balance
on time; light business: come Investigate; no
agent. Call at - Eighth St.. barber shop.
$450— FIRST-CLASS horseshoeing shop with
large stock and Al cash trade; cheap rent
bears Investigation. Inquire 269 Third st.
BARBERS, attention- Shop pays $35 a week;
compelled to sell cheap. Box 818. Call office.
RARE chance; nicely fitted up saloon; central
location: for sale cheap. Inquire Call office.
BUSINESS for sale; candy, stationery, notions
and cigars. 32. Twenty-second, nr. Valencia.
6 ROOMS: nicely furnished; must sell or rent
this week. Box 7 '".3. Call.
HALF or whole Interest grocery store: estab.
12 years. Call 1610 Telegraph aye.. Oakland.
$1200— CORNER grocery and bar: good corner;
established 10 years; good trade; stock new
and clean; cause of selling old age and re-
tiring from business: leas.. if desired; stable
on premises. J. D. ROHR'S. 662 San Jose
ove., corner Valley St.
BARGAIN; restaurant and oyster bouse op-
posite ferry; established 27. years. Box 221.
Call office.
CIGAR stand for sale; to be removed. Inquire
in saloon. Tenth and Howard sts.
LUNCH place and variety store for sale;
cheap. 2474 Mission st.
GROCERY and bar for sale; cheap. 745 Bran-
nan st., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
$12500— ONE of the best located drug stores in
the city; clearing $200 per month; selling on
account of other business. Address L. 8.,
box 844. Call office. ,
BARBERS- Good paying 2-chair shop in coun-
try. Apply DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis.
$000— PORK and delicacy store; $30 day; trial
given. Box 843. Call office.
WELL paving restaurant for sale on account
of departure for Manila. Box 206. Call office,
FURNITURE and good will of Hotel Bruns-
wick: doing splendid business; must sell on
account of death; $3200; terms, half down,
rest on time. Ad. Hotel Brunswick, Oakland.
FOR sale— A corner grocery nnd saloon; on ac-
count of sickness. Northeast corner Battery
and Green sts. • •
$300— RESTAURANT; receipts $30 a day; owner
has other business cause of sale; fine location;
bargain. 632 Market st., room 6.
FOR sale— Dining-room; serving 200 meals per
day; rent $25; Investigate. Box 204, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS paving barber shop; selling ac-
count of sickness. DENNISON. 7S3ft Market.
WOOD and coal yard; established; good loca-
tion; cheap rent. Box 795. Call office.
i $200 -PAINT shop; estab 40 years: good stock;
fine tools. R. WILLIS. 926 Washington st.
BAKERY for sale; $300: no wagon; all store
trade. Address box 899, Call office.
RESTAURANT outfits for sale. D. McRAE.
! 749 Mission st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL _ CO.'S. 412 Sacramento st.
GOOD paving Inside route for sale; this paper.
Apply Call office.
FOR sale— paying Inside route on this
paper. Apply Call offlee. '.--■•■ : -.':.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
FINE top buggy, almost new; business buggy,
new; business wagons, new, suitable for dry
goods stores: rockaway. 828 Harrison st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET HEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPALL-DING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 3. .3-":.7 Tehama st. ; tei. S. 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 Sth St.; tei. South 250.
J McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
'453 Stevenson St.; tei. South 223: lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tei Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; te|. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. i4O 14th
St.; cleaning, 3c per yard; tri. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tei. East 126. ■
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SI IK ALISAI.
MRS. DR. CLARK.
the well-known trance medium and clair-
voyant, may be consulted on all affairs of
life. While entranced she will reveal every
hidden mystery; she will show you how to
overcome your enemies; remove family trou-
bles; restore lost affections; unite the sep-
arated; recovers lost, stolen or burled prop-
erty; locates treasures and minerals; tells
your entire life, past, present and future,
while ln a perfect trance: perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send stamp for circular
with special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK,
206 Turk st. Always consult the best.
MME. MELBOURNE, gifted clairvoyant; never
fails; satisfaction guaranteed; hours, 1-6 p.m.,
7-10 p. m.; 25c and SOc. 612 ft Eddy at.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1899.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM
MRsHdIL^DUMOND.
Eminent clairvoyant and medium, lately ar-
rived from New York; truthful In her predic-
tions; reliable In her advice: the distinguished
clairvoyant and medium; those ln trouble or
who wish to know their future should consult
this gifted medium on all matters of legiti-
mate business nature; mining, lawsuits, sepa-
rations, love, matrimony, lost or stolen prop-
erty; full reading by mall, $1, from lock of
hair or photo; satisfaction guaranteed. Office
1130 Market St., parlors 2 and 3.
MRP. J. J. WHITNEY, the celebrated test
medium, life reader and, medical clairvoyant:
Fittings, 81; diagnosis free; "new method"
treatment fcr chronic, private, obscure dis-
eases; she has the divine gift of clairvoyance
and never fails In her diagnosis; send stamp
for circular. 232 Stockton, bet. Post and Geary.
MADAME A. CERVANTES, the celebrated
Spanish fortune teller, newly arrived. 8
Hayes St., room 7, second floor.
MRS. MELLISA MILLER and others at 117
Larkin st. to-night; speaking: reading;
tests. lOC. '
JOHN SLATER— CircIe to-night. 8:15: sittings
dally, 10 to 4. ISO 9 Stockton, nr. Greenwich.
AT Dr. Rlnes, 335 McAllister St.— All character
tests every Wednesday, 8 p. m.
MME HANSON, palmistry, 10c; card reader;
past, present future, 25c. 148 Sixth St.. r. 12.
EDWARD EARLE; seance to-night at parlors,
330 Ellis; 25c; questions answered.
GYPSY life reader; satisfaction guaranteed;
2.".c; correct answers to all questions. 9 7th st.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader: 26c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
MRS C. J. MEYER, 335 McAllister; sittings j
daily: test meetings. 10c; circles. 25c; 2, 8 p. m.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MRS. WEST, trance medium and healer. 1204
Market st., cor. Golden Gate aye., parlor 14.
EDWARD EARLE. Independent slatewriter,
330 Ellis St.; seance Scottish Hall. Sun. night.
PROF. Gee— Medium; read's, 50c. 81: test circles
Tues.. Thurs.. Frl.. S p. m.. 10c. 1035 Market.
YOUR future told by cards. 25c; dally, 10 a. m.
to 10 p. m.; Sun.. 7tolo p. m. 105 Larkin st.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 212^ Sixth st.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTlCA~Cleanlng and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Baste: a household blessing: a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Srear st,
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
BUNNY cottages, 5 and 6 rooms, basement,
yard; flat, 6 rooms, bath; cheap. 1876 Fif-
teenth st., near Dolores. -
TWO cottages. 4 rooms each, off Folsom St.;
rent IS and $10; key at 350 Precita aye.
$13— : ROOM cottage; newly papered and paint-
ed; yard: basement. 11"< Filbert st.
FURNISHED COTTAGE WANTED
WANTED— By gentleman and wife with 2 chil-
dren, to rent small comfortably furnished
cottage with modern conveniences and garden
or yard in good residential neighborhood In
city or suburbs, Oakland or Sausalito; state
terms. Box 222. Call.
DENTISTS.
aJJ^DR~T. HIGGINS' dental parlors, 927
Market St., over Cafe 7Jinka»d— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use rf electricity, gas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the best and most article
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up: other fillings from jOe;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled" or crowned without pain: plates that fit
from $4 50 up; flesh colored plates from $3 50
up; teeth without plates a specialty; opjn
evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry,
Synol, on application to the gums, removes
the pain: Fee our flesh colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work: teeth with-
out a plate; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; plates,
full set, $:,: all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth at.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 509 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty, gold crowns,
83 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts find fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method: crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, S3: received 8 first
prizes; no students', guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH extracted free; the best work; the low-
est prices; all work warranted and painless;
teeth without plates a specialty. Modern
Dental Parlors, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market st.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market st.
OHIO Dental Parlors. Inc.. 8 graduate opera-
tors; open evenings and Sundays, 880 Market.
MEYER Deuts :her Ztahnarzt. 6 Turk: lst-class
work; prices teas.; gas; crown & bridge work.
DR N. BAR DUE, r. 211. Examiner bldg.;
work reasonable; satisfaction guaranteed.
LOWEST prices ln S. F. ; work warranted 10
years. N. T. Dentists, 967 Mission, cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. D4l Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladles Tailoring parlors;
French taUoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 357 Geary; dresses
made $5 up; dresses made tver; perfect fit.
EDUCATIONAL.
MR~and~MRS. W. F. AYRES have returned
from their vacation and resumed personal su-
pervision over Ayres' Business College: new
and progressive methods in all branches; the
only school In the city having the right to
use" the practical Budget system of bookkeep-
ing; satisfaction guaranteed: catalogue.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.. S. F. ;
practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages, telegraphy. English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc. ; new 80-page catalogue free.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College. 1236 Markt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing mech. survey. assay, :day and even.;
est.' 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
SPANISH— thorough, combined method;
all branches. Prof. J. M. Ruiz. 201 Ash aye.
I FRENCH. Spanish, etc.. Prof. De Fillippe's
Academy of Languages, 320 Post; ablest profs.
LAW Schools. 927 Market, S. F.. and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory of
Leipsic; lessons 75c. 320 Golden Gate aye.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College. 305 Larkin St.. opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic. grammar, writing;
day and night: terms low. 1024 Mission,
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Information Bureau; Japanese and
Chinese help: houseeleaning. 421 Post; tele-
phone Main 1986.
ORPHEUM Employment Japapese, Chi-
nese 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; teL Black 1321.
i JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. OAKI, 30 Geary st. tei. Grant 56.
I CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414.. O'Farrell; tei. East 426.
| SAM KEE, 513 Bush; best Chinese help fur-
nished promptly. Telephone Red 1531.
| FIELD'S Employment Agency; help furnished
free. 655 Clay St.; phone Davis £21.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
NEAT young girl desires situation as nurse
girl or assist housework. MISS H. CULLI-
NAN. 323 Sutter st. .
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires a situation,
also a flrst-class French cook, with best city
references. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter.
|A ' NEAT Irish houseglrl; flrst-class cook;
' American and German style; 1 year last place.
! Apply MRS. NORTON. 813 Sutter st.
I 2 SWEDISH girls would like positions; one to
do cooking and one to do second work. 2852
! Twenty-second St., between Harrison and Ala-
bama.
A YOUNG woman wants to go out by the day
' washing, Ironing or house-cleaning. Please
call or address 638 Folsom St.. room 9.
GERMAN woman (Protestant) wishes position
as housekeeper for the Ist of November. Ad-
dress or call. D. G.. 112 Turk st.
WOMAN wishes to go out washing or Ironing
by the day; wages $1 per day and carfare.
31^ Borland st. ■
WANTED— by woman to do general
housework or work by day: home more of an
object than wages. Apply 303 Ivy aye.
COLORED woman wishes day 7 work or would
take care of child during the day. Address
box 821. Call office. ■
EASTERN girl wishes position as cook or cook-
ing and general housework. Call at 1701_
Leavenworth St.
EMPLOYMENT YVANTED — FEMALE.
WOMAN desires to do general housework and
cooking; references; nearly 3 years at last
place. 436 Brannan St.. bet. 3d and 4th.
MIDDLE-AGED German lady wishes a posi-
tion as housekeeper: good home more than
wages. Box 226, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wants situation as an
infant's nurse, care of children or laundress;
references. Box 817, Call office.
h. MIDDLE-AGED woman desires to do general
housework; a good cook. Apply 513 Ninth St..
Oakland.
WANTED— Chamberwork by experienced young
woman. Box 822, Call. '__
WOMAN wants work: Is good cook and under-
stands housework. 403 Third St.
COMPETENT woman wishes light housevsfcrk
and cooking. 868 Mission st. no postals.
DRESSMAKER experienced in ladles' and chil-
dren's dresses would like a position In pri-
vate family; would wait on lady or grown
children. Address 850 Filbert st. ■-
SITUATION by a flrst-class cook: 7 years last
place. C. A., box 840, Call office.
MRS. WOLTER. ladles' nurse. Nevada House.
corner Sixth and Xatoma sts.
LADY would like a position to work by day:
washing or Ironing. 67 Ivy aye.. between \an
Ness and Polk.
YOUNG girl would like a situation at house-
work; small family preferred. 206 Steuart St.
NURSERY governess or useful companion;
Swiss lady; experienced; fluent English.
French (Paris) and German: rudiments or
music; domesticated. Eureka Hotel, cor.
Seventh and Washington sts.. Oakland.
DRESSMAKING— A thorough fitter In ladles'
suits wants engagements at $1 25 per day;
tailor suits a specialty. 402 Mason at.
LOANS on diamonds and jewels: low interest;
perfect secrecy. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A. BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m. (
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 \ a-
lencla st. ✓
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED— MALE.
EAST^RN^voung man of steady. Industrious
habits wants work in Santa Clara County or
elsewhere on fruit ranch or store; understands
bookkeeping and willing to work. C. G. gih-
SON. Port Costa. Cal. .
MAN and wife want employment: would take
charge of creamery or work on dairy; can
furnish flrst-class references. Apply ah»
Kearny St., room 26, city,
COACHMAN, understands his business thor-
oughly in all branches; Al references; de-
sires situation as such. Address C. is., ivu
Jackson st. . -
A. FIRST-CLASS gardener, good horseman and
milker, wants position; handy with tools;
best references. Box 225, Call.
A MARRIED man wants work of any kind to
make an honest living; understands teaming.
Address 948% Mission St.,
INTELLIGENT young man wants a situation
ln city: high wages no object. Write G.
MARTIN, 635 Paclflc st., city.
POSITION as hotel clerk by experienced man:
best of references. Address box 842, Call
office, Oakland. ]
EXPERT shoe salesman desires position; refer-
ences Al. Address Hustler, box 837, Call.
YOUNG man 20 years of age would like posi-
tion ln dried fruit house; has had experi-
ence; best of reference. Box 826, Call.
HAVE $500 to Invest with services; no agents.
Box 824. Call. [
GOOD barber (middle-aged) desires evening",
Saturday and Sunday work. Address
HOWARD. 186 Perry st.
WANTED— by reliable young man at
house and carpet cleaning by the day; $1 50.
HENRY ANDERSEN, 952 Bush St.; telephone
East 963.
YOUNG German with best education and con-
siderable business experience; versed in
English language, desires situation. Box 836,
Call. __
WANTED— In private place: care of
horses and garden: reference. Box 832. Call.
YOUNG man wishes work in bakery; wages $20
to $25; experience. Box 542. Call.
WANTED— Situation by first-class bookkeeper.;
city references; books experted. Box 841. Call,
YOUNG Irishman wishes situation of some
kind: would like to learn bartending. Box
838, Call.
WANTED— as assistant carpenter by
steady young man with 1 year's experience.
W. AY.. l 2- 2 Hill St. £
CHINESE first-class cooks and laundrymen
want situations, city or country. Chinese
cook. 623 Davis St.
AA'ANTED— Situation by engineer recently from
the East; good mechanic, etc. Box 744, Call.
BUTCHER— Good cutter and salesman would
like employment. Address box 730, Call.
GERMAN man and wife want to get work In
a hotel or lodging-house; city or country;
man good porter; wife good chambermaid;
can give good references. Address box 436,
Call office.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, silver,
sealskins, pianos, guns. HARRIS. 15 Grant.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. ______________________
EXCHANGE.
6Jj?SoM~frame~ house for exchange for cigar
store. COWING A CO.. 90.'. Market st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAY'ERLE. German expert optician.
1071 Vi Market St.. San Franclsco: exam, free.
FLATS TO LET.
A— s2o— lll7 SCOTT St.; 6 sunny rooms with
porcelain bath, washtrays, etc.
A— sloo,ooo TO loan on diamonds, watches. Jew-
elry, pianos. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye,
CLAYTON, 872. south of Frederick—
sunny flat; 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN A HOWELL. 10
Montgomery St.
HAVES. 658— Fine double flat; 8 rooms and
bath; yard and garden: reduced rent.
LOVELA' flat, 6 rooms and bath; yard; rent
reasonable. 3570 Seventeenth st., nr. Guerrero.
794 LYON: brand new lower flat of 8 rooms and
bath: reduced from $30 to $22 50; must rent. A.
M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market St.. cor. Third.
McALLISTER. 1129— Upper flat; 7 rooms; with
light and sun; reasonable to good tenant.
O'FARRELL. 1933-1937— New flats: Just com-
pleted; rent reasonable. Apply MADISON &
BURKE.
SEVEN rooms and 2 kitchens; modern: sunny
bay-windows; for 2 families. 417V4 Third st,
TWO flats; 3 rooms and bath each. 3313 and
3315 Twenty-first St., near Valencia.
VALLEJO, 1121. near Leavenworth— Flat of 4
rooms; sunny large yard.
WALLER. 220. near Buchanan— A fine sunny
flat; 6 rooms, bath; pleasant location; cheap
rent. „j ■'■;
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call, 16 pages. Bent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
FLATS TO LET— FURNISHED.
A— FLAT of 5 rooms: modern Improvements;
yard and cellar. 315 Tenth St., near Folsom.
NICELY furnished flat of 8 rooms for sale,
having 4 boarders. 1636 Sacramento St..
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
HEAVY matting. 10c per yard; linen warp, 15c;
tapestry Biussels carpet sewed.lald and lined,
EOc per yard. EASTERN OUTFITTING CO..
1310-1312 Stockton st., nr. Broadway.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE YVANTED. 7
$8000 CARPETS, furniture, etc.; highest price;
postal. COLEMAN. 1125 Miaslon st. .
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays
the highest price for your Jd-hand furniture.
WANTED- $5OOO carpets.furniture.etc; highest
price paid; postal. M. Sllvemtein.ll2l Market.
FURRIERS, FURS. ETC
ELECTRIC seal capes, Astrakan yokes, $10 to
$30. ROBT. WALLACE, 115 Kearny, top floor.
HELP YVANTED AGENTS.
AGENTS everywhere to sell map of the battle-
fields in the Philippines; 46x64 inches In (
colors, showing all the movements of Eighth
Army Corps. Write for particulars to P. E.
LAMAR, 21 First St.. San Francisco.
GOOD agents for a new article on the In-
stallment. Apply 'from 9 to 10 a. m. and 4 tc
6 p. m.. 37 Donohoe building. *
WANTED— Ladies or gents; salary and com.
• mission. 114 Jones st.
HELP AVANTED—
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT 185
4 waitresses for Nevada, flrst-class hotels. $20
each, free fare, see -proprietor here; 2 wait-
resses, same hotel, near city, $20, see pro-
prietor here 10 o'clock; 2 waitresses, same ho-
tel, country. $20; 2 waitresses, south, $20 and
fare; laundress, country hotel, $20; restaurant
waitress, country, $25; 4 restaurant waitresses.
$6; pastry cook for institution. $40. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
4 SALESLADIES and clerks for a first-class
candy store, $7 a week and Increase. Apply
C. it. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Gary st.
2 YOUNG girls for candy factory, from 7:30
a. m. to 6 p. m.. $4 a week; office fee paid by
proprietor. Apply to C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st. ...
10 GERMAN cooks, $23; 5 Scandinavian house-
girls. $25; French second girl. $20: nurseglrls,
$12 and $15; colored girl, $25: 10 girls for house-
work, country. $20 and $25; 40 girls for assist
housework, $15; ranch cook, $25; 5 elegant
places for housework. $20 and $25. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. __^_
WANTED— Cook, country hotel. $35: 4 cooks,
. German style, $30: German cook, $35; 25
neat girls for housework in city, and country,
$20. $25 and $30; 4 second girls. $20; German j
nurse, $25: 6 waitresses, city and country, $20 j
and $25; Ironer, country laundry. $25; scrub-
bing woman for an institution. $20; 10 young
girls. Jight housework. $15. and many others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
TWO laundresses, institution, $30 and $20; oook,
$35, same place; 3 cooks, private families, $30
and $25; waitress, $25; cook and second girl,
same house, $25 and $15; nurse, $20; 2 house
girls, Berkeley, $25 and $20: Oakland. $25;
Los Gatos, $25; middle-aged woman, house-
work, $20; young girl to assist In delicacy-
store, $15; woman with a child, $15. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
HOTEL Gazette Employment Bureau, 26 Mont-
gomery— 2 waitresses, Reno. Nev., $20. free
fare, see party here. 10 a. m., and others.
MRS. M. E. DAY. Manager.
WANTED— bright young ladies, expe-
rienced saleswomen, to work at "Pegamoid
Booth"* at "Mechanics' Pavilion" during
"Odd Fellows' Golden Jubilee." Apply at 61
Chronicle building to-day, Wednesday, 9 a, m.
ANY lady having 2 or 3 hours' spare time a
day can make $5 weekly working for us at
home; nothing to sell. Send self-addressed
envelope for free sample. MANHATTAN E.
M. CO., 101 Beekman st., N. Y.
WANTED— A good buttonhole maker; pay
wages from $9-$l2 week for good hand; also
good finisher on coats. Call at MIKE'S Tail-
oring Shop. 135 Natoma st.
OPERATOR on coats; one that understands
making linings and plain work preferred;
steady work and good pay. 718 Market st.
EXPERIENCED operators and apprentices for
stitching room shoe factory, 105 Mission St.
CHAMBERMAID for country' hotel, 1318 Har- '■
rison st.; call 7 to 8 p. m.
WANTED— Good tailoress; good wages; steady
work. 854 Folsom st. :
WANTED— A neat girl or woman to do house-
work. 16 Turk st.
GIRL for general housework and cooking. 910 A
Devlsadero st., near McAllister.
YOUNG girl, 14 to 16. light housework and help
with baby; comfortable home; $5. 1562 Post.
GIRL for housework; wages $13. 952 Pine st.
WANTED— Neat young girl for light house-
work. Apply 2312 Bryant st.
GIRL for general housework; 3 In family; call
from 8 to 12. 1275 Farrell st.
■ WANTED— for dressmaking. M.
E. WELLS, 121 Post st,
GIRL for housework in country. 106% Third
St., room IS.
WANTED— Young girl to work In restaurant;
$1. 6&0 Fourth st.
BOOKBINDERS; experienced girls wanted.
MALLOYE, 422 Sacramento st.
WOMAN to work In restaurant kitchen. 183
Seventh st.
WANTED-Girl for general housework and
cooking. 612 Haight st. .
YOUNG strong girl to learn sewing carpets.
955 Market St.. between 9 and 10 a. m.
WANTED— GirI to help waiting at table. 619
Sacramento st.
FINISHERS on custom pants; steady work;
good pay. 541 Market st.
A GOOD finisher on pants; good wages. 609
Kearny St., room L
WANTED— A finisher on custom coats: must
make buttonholes; steady work. 222% Fulton.
GIRL or woman for light housework. Apply
66 Joost aye., Sunnyside.
AVANTED— GirI to do housework. 808 Cali-
fornia st. *
FINISHERS on pants; steady work. 858 How-
ard St., bet. 4th and Sth; over handball court.
GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS!
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32V4 Fremont St..
are putting in the very best sewing ma-
chine* and will take in several hundred more
operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
APPRENTICES on shirts and overalls; paid
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory.
Gough and Grove sts.
FIRST-CLASS hand? oif'ladles' tailor skirts
and coats; only best need apply; highest sal-
aries paid. A. CAILLEAU. 114-116 Kearny.
FINISHERS wanted on custom coats. 102-106
Battery st.
GERMAN girl for upstairs work and wait at
table. Call 9 to 12, 902 Eddy St.
WANTED— First-class German cook. Apply
at 1721 Van Ness aye., bet. 9 and 12 a. m.
WANTED— DoubIe entry bookkeeper and
stenographer: must have commercial experi-
ence. Address box 825, Call.
NURSEGIRL wanted. Apply 718 Mafket st.
AVANTED— Young girl to do genera! house-
work; need not cook. Call at 1831 Eddy st.
WANTED— Good finishers on custom coats:
steady work; good wages. Donohoe building,
room 78.
TAILORESS as pants finisher. 6V4 Kearny St.,
room 18. 7
WANTED— lmprovers on skirts. FRANCES.
796 Sutter •*, -
GOOD finishers and experienced apprentice girl
on custom coats. 126 Russ st.
FIRST-CLASS talloress wanted. BOW HAY,
616 Sutter st.
GOOD coat finisher; also buttonhole maker. 135
Natoma st. "
GIRL for light housework. Apply 621 Devlsa-
dero st.
WANTED— for a child 6 weeks old.
3539 24th st. call at once.
GOOD waitress wanted. 631 Clay st.
APPRENTICE at dressmaking; paid while
learning. 14 McAllister St., room 83.
! APPRENTICES, finishers and buttonhole mak-
ers wanted on custom work. 509 Kearny, r. 2.
WANTED— 3 or 4 energetic ladles; good pay.
114 Jones st.
GIRLS to learn glove making and experienced
operators on French overstitch. 121 Grant ay.
AVANTED— Experienced Ironers at U. S. Laun-
dry. Sixteenth and Valencia sts.
McDOAA'ELL Dressmaking School gives a
thorough, artistic course. 103 Post st.
LOANS on diamonds and Jewels: low Interest;
perfect secrecy. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
'northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 A'a-
lenela st.
HELP AVANTED— MALE.
COOK for railroad camp and 2 waiters, $60 and
$30. free fare; cook and second who can bake.
$100: 3 second, restaurant. $60; 10 extra cooks.
$2 50: 10 waiters. $-5 and $30: 14 dishwashers.
$30 and $20; vegetable man, $25; 2 bakers'
helpers. $25; German driver, baker wagon, $40
and found: oyster man, $35; colored head
waiter, $60. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
RAILROAD laborers and teamsters. $2 day,
board $4 50, free fare; laborers, city and
'' country, $2 a day: 6 farmers, same ranch, $1
a day and board; 10 farmers, different
ranches. $20. $26 and $30; 2 milkers, $25; 20
woodsmen, $26 to $35 and found and fare ad-
vanced; 4 stablemen, $25 to. $50; 2 choremen,
$20. | C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary st.
BOY to tend soda fountain ln a first-class
1 candy store: must live with parents; $5 first
week, then $6; office fee paid 'by proprietor.
; C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary St.
GERMAN driver for a bakery, $40 and found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FREE Fare Coast Road Free Fee
' Teamsters and laborers; ship Thursday. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. x
! OYSTER and chophouse cook; must be able
to open oysters; Greek or Slavonian pre-
ferred: wages $30: room and board. Inquire
; at THE LOUVRE, San Rafael.
>,i. . . •
i WANTED—S teady man to collect and make
himself useful: light work; must be satisfied
with $15 per week and have $75 cash. Apply
1032 Market St., room 4.
> WANTED— energetic men; good proposi-
tion. Apply at 22 Post st. from 7:30 to 8 a.m.
. WANTED— First-class bootblack for barber
shop; $10 per week. 238 O'Farrell st.
HELP WANTED MALE.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents
Want to-day. from 7 a. m., HELP FOR ARI-
ZONA, UTAH. WASHINGTON. OREGON,
BRITISH COLUMBIA AND ALL PARTS OF
CALIFORNIA
harnessmaker for ranch bench hand
wheelwright, country shop wood turner
band sawyer shoemakers slate splitters
lather.... sash and door maker block maker
shingle packer... Iron molder granite cutter
$3 50, $3. $2 50 day COME AND SEE
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
BUTCHERS.. CARPENTERS.. BLACKSMITHS |
9 carpenters, steady job. sawmill company. $3
per day; 2 carpenters, city. $2 50 day; 7 black- |
smiths helpers. $50. $45, $30 and found; also'
4 helpers; 2 butchers, country, $30 and found. i
MURRAY' & READY, 634 and 836 Clay st. !
BOARD OF SUPERVISORS j
12 LABORERS, fare $150... $2 25 day j
26 teamsters, 4 horses $52,
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 536 Clay st. j
6 GOLD M1NE5....... 6 SILVER MINES
18 OTHER MINES „ j
12 miners, machine drills, gold ........$75 i
16 miners, single hand drills, silver.. s6o found
62 laborers, no experience required, $57 per
month, including board and lodging ;
23 laborers, you will suit, fare $3 !«3 ,
16 laborers, you will suit, fare $2 50 $52 50 |
27 laborers, you will suit, fare $1 50.. 840 found ;
GREAT CROWDS.. MURRAY A READY.
GOING DAILY — and 636 Clay st,
FARMS DAIRIES STABLES j
26 plow teamsters $30. $26 and found
58 farm, orchard and vineyard hands, good
steady Jobs $30. $26. $25, $20 and fd :
12 milkers $30. $25 and found •
10 bean puliers, fee $1. fare 81. ...830 and found
12 chore men and boys $20. $15, $10 and fd j
12 stablemen, buggy washers, hostlers, etc., i
$50. $45. $40, $35, $30, $25 and found. In city and ,
country; 25 harvest hands $1 day and fd ;
3 farmers and wives and milkers and wives. ;
$40 $35 and found. MURRAY & READY, 634
and 636 Clay st.
......WE PAY YOUR FARES
TO 38 SAWMILLS, ETC
NO EXPERIENCE WANTED
....197 MEN FOR 60 DIFFERENT J085....
..FROM LABORERS TO RUN MACHINES..
Wages from $26 to $40 and found
....Also lumber pliers, crosscut sawyers....
I Tree fellers, bark peelers. Jackscrewers
woodsmen and millmen of every description.
$SO. $75. $65, $50, $45, $40, $30, and found; wood-
choppers, tlemakers. shingle bolt makers,
picket makers, etc., by the hundreds
WE PAY MURRAY & READY,
YOUR FARES 634 and 636 Clay st.
WE SHIP YOU FREE '••
CROWDS GOING DAILY
TO EVERY' RAILROAD BUT ONE
Drillers, laborers, teamsters, stonemasons, etc..
$3 50 day, board and lodging $4 50 weekly.
MURRAY & READY WE DON'T SHIP
634 and 036 Clay st TO COAST R R.
BIG WAGES
26 laborers. Inside work $2 to $2 75 day
16 laborers, fare SOc $^0
12 . quarrymen, country $60
SPECIAL TO-DAY ;
197 laborers and teamsters for city and
country Jobs. $3, $2 50. $2. $1 73 day; some by
the day. others factories, etc
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
COOKS . .7.7. . WAITERS BAKERS. ETC.
18 cooks, also second and third
$;,-,, $45, 840, $30 and found
19 waiters $30, $25, 820 and found
32 dishwashers $25, $20. $15 and fount
5 porters, $20 and found hotel bakers. $40
4 bakers,' first, second and third hands
$40. $35, $25 and found
night steward 5 laundrymen
bedmakers 2 barbers $00.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
JAPANESE
2 Japanese cook and waiter, for private res-
idence, $50.' Salt Lake, Utah, fare paid; Jap-
anese cook for sawmill In California, $40.
MURRAY* & READY', 634-636 Clay St.
WANTED— Second cook and baker for miners'
boarding-house, $40; hotel second cook $40;
hotel pastry cook, $40: third cook for lunch
house $35; 2 restaurant cooks, $12 week; 2
oyster cooks, $10 week and $40 and found;
night steward; Inside servant, $20: waiters,
dishwashers and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento ft. _^_
WANTED— House painter, $3 day; paper-
hanger; machinist for country, $2 50 day; 6
miners, power drills; 10 single band miners,
$2 25 and $2 50 day; timber man for mine,
$2 75 day; 2 German laborers to run tunnel;
American farmer. $30: 2 farmers and wives,
$45 and $35; buggy washer, $50; stableman,
$30 and found; shingle sawyer, $45 and board;
butcher boy, $15 and found, and many others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Kitchen crew for country hotel,
$?C0 for chef, 2 second cooks, pantryman and
dishwasher. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sac-
ramento st. _____ i
BARBERS' Protective Union— Members will
meet at their hall on THURSDAY NIGHT at
8:30 o'clock sharp for the transaction of Im-
portant business. By order
WILL BARON. President.
OPERATOR on coat : one that understands
making linings and plain work preferred;
steady work and good pay. -71S Market st,
WANTED— Shoemaker on repairing: good man.
Apply GEO. Y. DERNING, 902 A'alencia st.,
near Twentieth.
PAINTER or young man Who has done house
painting. Call at 376S Twenty-fourth st., near j
Church. j
WANTED— Elderly man to wait at table. 1012 j
Battery' st. /' .
BUS driver wanted for country hotel. 131S Har-
rison; call 7 and 8 p. m.
BARBER wanted; steady work. WM. FRITZ,
1128 J St., Sacramento, Cal.
GERMAN clerk for grocery and bar; call after
10 a. m. Corner Geary and Leavenworth sts.
FIRST-CLASS crayon and water color artist.
Apply 21 Powell, room 35.
RELIABLE solicitor for city work. Apply
21 Powell, room 35.
2 STAGE hands wanted at 407 Brannan st.
WANTED— good painters. Call 7:30 a. m..
128 Fifth st. .
WANTED— Strong boy to work in brass foun-
dry. 225 Beale st.
B ARBERS— paying $13 shop at a bar-
gain. DECKELMAN BROS., 106 Ellis St.
TAILORS— Two first-class coatmakers wanted;
steady work. MARTIN BROS,. 17 Stockton.
PRESSFEEDER wanted. 109 California St.,
room 21.
ERRAND boy that can read and write; must
be honest. 509 Kearny St.. room 2.
FIRST-CLASS cabinetmaker; steady work.
1105 Sutter st., near Larkin.
YOUNG man to work in saloon. 1053 Mar-
ket st.
AA'ANTED— good waiters at 111 Taylor
street.
FIRST-CLASS bedmaker wanted; $20 and
room. Apply 149 Third st.
YOUNG man wanted to help In bakery; one
with experience preferred. 336 Third St.
DISHWASHER wanted. Apply' 43214 Fifth st.
WAITER wanted. 1830 Eighth st.
BOY ln tin shop to learn frade; aged 16. Apply
7 to 9 at 633 Mission St.
BARBERS wanted; 6 flrst-class men. 2 Eighth
street.
GOOD waiter wanted at 617 Montgomery st.
WANTED— WaIter who can cook also. 607
Clay st.
WANTED— Good barber; short hours. 609 Cali-
fornia st.
SHOEMAKER wanted on repairs; steady
work. 562 Mission st.
EXPERIENCED waiter. 1390 Turk st. j
AA'ANTED— Grocery clerk: German preferred.
Call between 12 and 1 p. m., 633 Larkin st.
WANTED— dishwasher. Call early at 126
Ninth st.
WANTED— An enterprising, steady man or
woman; well-paying, genteel business; must
have $200. Address D. M., 629 Grove st.
WANTED— men to collect and solicit.
3 Taylor st. 7. '::-7'
TO Tailors— Good coatmakers wanted. Apply
at 11 a. m. at the Stevenson-st. entrance.
CHAS. LYONS. London Tailor, 721 Market st.
WANTED — A young man with large circle of
acquaintances as salesman in piano house.
Box 829. Call office. .
WANTED— IOO men to try our 15c breakfast,
J dinner or supper; best ln city. 406 McAllister
st., near Polk.
FIRST-CLASS tailors wanted. BOWHAY. 516
Sutter st.
BARBERS-Good 3-chalr shop; $65; cause, sick-
ness; bargain worth Investigating. BER-
. N A RD, 104 Seventh St.
FIRST-CLASS ladles' tailor wanted as a part-
ner to go Into business: good opportunity for
the right man. Box 707. Call office.
TAILORS wanted on custom coats. 102-106
', Battery st.
TO tailors — First-class coat and trousers
makers wanted. Apply at 408 Kearny st.
' BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
! Employment Secy., 630 Market, downstairs.
j GOOD shoemaker wanted. 811 Laguna.
' OLD gold, diamonds, pianos, sealskins bought;
highest price paid. UNCLE HARRIS.ISCrant.
• WANTED — A good coatmaker by the week. 410
Kearny st.. room 35.
• SUITS to order on installments at cash prices,
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
wJ^NTED-G:..r.i".-ner"7or n*ar *«tyj
must be E WERVJoAggy $-■> ana
W D EWER & CO.. 610 Clay St.
YVANTED-For 'arge ranch W^njo
S^-S'StVloWn^n, l.ca.>eari> ;
c -g $ sft£sgsgi i _B •
board; 5 laborers about mine $ b , tr ' *™ »™
board, no experience "quired, milker, farm
ers, cooks, etc. W. D. EW ER <s- *-"••
Clay st. _
WANTED-Young German to work In private
family in city; housework 31*. and good
home. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED-Coachman near city; $25 and found.
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
MEN to learn barber trade: only 8 weeks re-
quired; constant practice: expert instruction,
lectures on dermatology: Saturday wages.
call or write for free illustrated catalogue.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 6.*> Clay st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House Proprietor stilt
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 100 large
rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $.2 per week.
MEN and women wanted to learn barber trade
ln 6 weeks: expert instructions: Saturday
wages; call or write for catalogue. b- *..
BARBER COLLEGE. 741 A Howard st.
FIVE good hustlers, not afraid to work; good
pay to right men; salary, 300 Post st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attor-
neys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
SAILORS and ordinary sexmen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union: free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tei, Jessie 102.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c, 15c and 230
per night. Lindell. 6th and Howard; read, rm.
TRY' Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m. -
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 v a-
lencla st. .___
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — Sale
REGULAR weekly auction sale TUESDAY at
11 o'clock at the Ormonde Sale Stables, 151.-
-1519 Mission St., between Eleventh and
Twelfth, of choice, sound, well-broke young
horses Just from the country; we will oe
pleased to hitch and show the above stocK
in harness any time up to day or sale to.
WATKINS & CO., auctioneers. N. B— bales
of horses direct from the country every Tues-
day at 11 a. m. --V; ;
40 HORSES for sale; also \ wagons, buggies,
carts harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR sale cheap— lo head of fresh cows; all
young and gentle: good for family use. J.
P. CODY'. Twenty-ninth and Mission sts.
60 HEAD line draft and driving horses at 1621
and 1625 Market st., between Twelfth and
Brady: also some fine matched black teams.
FOR sale— number of work, road and busi-
ness horses. Tomklnson's Livery Stable. 57
Minna st., bet. First and Second.
HOUSES— — FOR SALE.
$13MJJJJ30^ROC)>rTous^ finely furnished; all
rented; on Market; central. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
IF you wish to buy a lodging-house, 100 of the
best bargains in city. BASILE, 3 Eddy st,
$3000— House of 16 rooms, 12 furnished; pays
from $70 to $75 a month; or will rent for $30
to responsible party. 113 Trenton St., bet.
Pacific and Jackson. Stockton and Powell sts.
HOUSES TO LET.
! a— PRINTED list; houses to let; send for cir-
j cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
j ELEGANT corner residence. Pacific Heights,
containing large parlor, reception hall. 5 bed-
rooms billiard room, servant rooms, large
grounds, etc., including all carpets, draperies
and billiard table. Full particulars, MADI-
SON & BURKE.
FURNISHED or unfurnished house containing
8 rooms and bath; large yard; modern; 201 _
i San Antonio aye., near Chestnut st. station,
Alameda; rent cheap. Apply MADISON &
I BURKE.
$12 50—11 SUNN A' rooms, bath; barn; garden;
chicken yard: at West Berkeley; railroad sta-
tion 1 block; 40 minutes from city. Inquire
AVM. HENDRICKSON & CO., 614 Call bldg.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery . st.
9-ROOM lodging-house, with private entrance
in rear; newly painted, papered. 313V4 O'Far-
rell st. near Mason. Apply 15 Grant aye.
HOUSE. 6 rooms; renovated throughout; bath,
hot and cold water; 818. 353 Jessie st.
HOUSE of 10 rooms; large garden and stable.
4 Colllngwood st.
ADVANCES at lowest interest; private en-
trance. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant .".ve.
_ HOUSES TO — FURNISHED.
POST, 1404, 2 blocks west of Van Ness aye.—
Elegantly and completely furnished house;
10 rooms and bath; all sunny: must be seen
to be appreciated; rent reasonable to good
tenant.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Mason street, last night, about 8
o'clock, white Spitz dog; Fluff on collar and
Hattie Belle Ladd. Reward at Grand Opera
House box office.
LOST— bull terrier dog; ears cut; collar
and tag No. 2732. Return to 33 Phelan build-
ing; reward.
LOST— White bull terrier bitch. Liberal reward
if returned to drug store, SE. corner Clay and
Kearny sts.
FOUND— Patria et Gloria No. 7. Owner
can have same by paying advertising. W.
SIDDON. 4? Eighth st.
LOST— Black spotted coach dog; 10 months old;
license No. 2567; reward. 1505 Folsom st.
LOST. Sunday night— Pocketbook: 2 rings,
shroud; hair relics; reward. 32 Fell st.
. . _ —
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of ELIZABETH SAUL, No 190-085. The
finder will please return to bank.
BAG of money, somewhere on Market, bet. 4th
and 7th sts. Please return same to 602 14th
st. and receive liberal reward.
LOST— At Chutes, a fob marked "A. F. to
J. 0.. Sept. 24." Return 2117 Mason; reward.
MONEY to loan: quick: all propositions; small
or large. KLOTH. 220 California St.. r. 7.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH. ladies' physician; consul-
tation free; home in confinement: guaranteed
treatment at office, $5. 942 Post St.. between
Hyde and Larkin; hours, 10 to 5, 7 to 8.
A STRICTLY private confinement home; sunny
rooms; best of care; nice garden. DR. AND
MRS. WEGENER, phone Pine 2751; residence.
1312 Golden Gate aye.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' physician, 1122 Mar-
ket St., bet. Mason and Taylor; guaranteed
treatment at office, $5; hours 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
DRS. GOODWIN, formerly of 401 A"an Ness aye.
and 1362 Market st.. has returned from Eu-
rope and ls now at 118 Eddy st.
MRS. DR. GWYER, ladles' physician. 610
Eddy st., bet. Hyde and Larkin.
HOME in confinement: treatment $5; consulta-
tion free. MRS. ALLEN, 22S Van Ness aye.
DR. POPPER, ladles' practical physician for
37 years. 318 Kearny st: consultation free.
MRS. DR. DAA IES. ladles' physician. 1228
Market st., bet. Taylor and Jones.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason St.
MINES AND MINING.
DRIFT gravel mines nnd .partly developed
quartz mines for sale at low figures; may be
paid for out of proceeds; purchaser may deal
with owner direct: also -placer ground open
to location. AY. F. ARAM. Mills building.
W. F. ARAM, mining attorney, room 40, Sth
floor. Mills building. S. F. : tei. Main 544.
3
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McJ
INTOSH & AVOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont at.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
St., above Sixth.
_«-' un _Jrs. showcases, shelving, mirrors.
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
ATTENTION. Printers! — Second-hand pony
Campbell and half -medium Colts Armory
presses; cheap. Box 224. Call.
DESKS, office and card tables; desks repaired
or exchanged; furn. bought. 244 Stockton st.
G ?°* t i' Pe,l i ; i^!JJ' only * 25 = * samp*> of work.
L. & M. ALEXANDER, UO Montgomery st.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. Worm Pills by all drug-
glsts. or Dog Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye.
C 2~f. POUN £ condensing Corliss engine and
boilers. Krogh Mfg. Co.. Stevenson st.
B « F .^7 > l, e nd second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
A-$3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $173. Pop.
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny gt.. near Pine._: MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
' SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
ttramers, residences; portable safety b sea;
rpecie chests; bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market st., S. F.. Cal
FRESH snowballs— "T. Cnrr" and all brands
English flre brick, fire clay, brick dust. S. R. \
CHURCH. SO7 Sansome St.. tei. Mali 5086.
FOR SALE— Second-hand shaftings, pulleys.
hangers. 1 saw table, one .-'turtevant blower.
ROBERTS. 1613 Market st.
BARS, counters/ shelving, showcases bought and
sold. EIBEN. 1118 Mission; Tel. Jessie 1163.
I HOISTING engines. 3 steamers, 5 locomotives,
110 cars and ;>.!l rr.achin"r" used en Eureka
Breakwater. J. B. JARDINE. 220 Fremont.
FOR sale— Two ik cabin '.-maker's benches;
cheap. 1!03 Fifteenth st.
ID-HAND doors. lumber, sash, etc., for Sale
cneap: eld houses bought, rem'd. 8 Valencia.
DO you know of tools or machinery for sale?
EPSTEIN, 61S Mission; pays good commission.
SECOND-HAND macrrnery. electrical plies,
boilers an.t engines. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
BOILERS, engines, lathes, weed planers. 12 and
24 In : gas eng.. 2d hand. J. Burke. 139 Be^le.
DRFSS mints. $2 75: fine suit. Jl). MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 51.1 Montgomery >■♦ ;
MISCELLANEOUS AVANTS.
WANTED— Irish setter hunting dog: small pre-
ferred; well trained; state price and where
may be Feen. Address box 225. Call office.
W WANTED— To hire. '.CO flrst-class scraper teams !
with harness and read bars; long Job. E. R.
SI ONE. Elmhurst. I
A— Ladies' or cents' clothing, furniture bought, '
sold; tei. Mint 957. 'JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
ONE second-hand cabinetmakers' bench. 60 ■
Morris aye. , * ■ :
OLD golil gold dust, platinum ar.d silver
bout-bt IT Ldnderker *- Co. 118 Montgomery.'
i J !
.MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount of furniture, piancs. without re- :
moval, or any other good recurlty; payable
back In Installments or as a whole; if yoJ
owe a balance en the purchase price we will
pay lt and carry the lmin ai long as you de-
sire; avoid ied lap? a::d publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 6S-<r< Donohoe bldg,. 1170 Market st^
ANY amount at 6 per cent: Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get mv terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r, 3.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos- no removal: low rates', confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
LOANS en furniture or pianos ln S. F.. Oak-
land cr Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission: no delays. J. !
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission *.., above j
Sixth: telephone South 14.
ANY proposition: any amount; 6 per cent; first. |
second- mortgages, estates In probate, interest ;
in estates, legacies, life insuiance; chattel 1
mortgages; confidential: advice free. G. E. j
OLSEN. rrv.m 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
AVOID delays; try all others; then see me:ssoto
$100,000; 0 per cent; Ist, 2d or chattel mort-
I pages ;es'tateB in probate, undivided Interests in *
estate* legacies and mortgages bought ; advice '
and money furnished. P. A. DAian, 636 Markt.
HIGHLY re.-pectable and private place to ob- I
tal i liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at/ the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Stcre, S4<> Market St.; telephone Main 1644;
branch 19 Third Ft. ■
ON real estate, Ist or 2nd mortgages, and in
furniture or pianos: n>> removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 26 Montgomery st,
CASH ; an'ed to salaried people on note with-
out indorser: also on diamonds, watches and
Jewelry. MORRELL, 009 Examiner building.
MONEY to loan: quick: all propositions; small
or large. KLOTH. 221 California st.. roornj^
LOANS o/i furniture, pianos. Jewelry. stock; low
rs.es J. H. EDSON; 12'X< Broadway. Oakland.
\ RELIABLE place to borrow money on dia-
monds, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs.:
any proposition. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON i furni ture.' piancs. without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without lndorser. TOUSLEY. 592 Parrott big, j
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
m<re money see '' MURPHY, 67.0 Market st,
MONEY vvn.n.
WANTED— SSOO for 3 years at 8 per cent to sat-
isfy mortgage; ranch in Sonoma County. Box
' 716. fall _______________ _^___
MUSICAL": INSTRUMENTS.
L J^S 'wJTnre selling good upright pianos for $6
• c-"=h and $•: per month, we ask you to avesti-
• gate and approve tbis method: prices are the ;
Fame a« if purchased for all cash; bargains
in gcod second-band uprights upon same easy
raiments and seme gcod pianos for $3. $4 and
$s'per-month.5 'per -month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth * and *
Broadway. Oakland^
__ r ———
A FEW bargains for this week.
Three organs. $50 up.
Steinwav upright; first-class condition.
Sl»>ck- nearly new; walnut case.
p squares. $4' up; H P p r month.
Four i ew Webers: reasonable offer accepted. k
■ One Checkering; main gany case. -
BENJ. CURTAZ A SON, 16 O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S, j
26 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all ether musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tl 1
customer.
DECKER A PON pianos are always best to
buy. At MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
$100.* 5150.* 5173.*! 5200 or $250 WILL pay for a good
plann at MAUVAIS", 7C9 Market St., If you :
buy now. . )
LARGE church organ used at Mechanics' Fair; .
a bargain. BY RON MAUZY. :V'B Post st.
PIANOS:"! great bargains; $25, $30. $55, $60, $200. !
1131U Mission st.
A' FINE Steinway upright left by private party;
sacrificed. Room 12. Flood building.
BARGAIN— Good upright; chesp. - 'HMITZ, 16
McAllister St.. next Hibernia Bank. - j
X- J^JJuT'RIGHTS $60 up; Installments, $5 75 up;
rents. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine, 136 Ellis. j
W (T BADGER. 412 Sacramento st.. agent for ]
Francis Bacon and Hallett A Davis pianos.
A— ?>.s UPRIGHT piano in fine condition; also '
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
CHEAP Steinway upright; also the famous
Hornung Bros.' pianos. 216 McAllister st.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 3CS ,
Post st.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER <£ CHASE. 20 1 >'.--■ : : st. j
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. mak»r, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
STORE— Twenty-third and Guerrero; 3 rooms
and concrete cellar; good location for bakery.
THIRD Ft., 511. cor. Park lane— Store and 3
rocms; rent $16; water free.
PACIFIC. 324— Handsome large store; cheap to ;
good tenant.
FOR rent or for lease, 953 Howard St., large ,
store and large concrete basement.
PALMISTRT.
MME. NEERGAARD. pupil of Count St. Ger- I
main. 616 Geary st., above Jones; -classes; \
office hours. 1 to 8 p. m.: reading by mall, $1,
PERSONALS. '
A^'Y person giving information of the where-
abouts of MAY BLANKENSHIP. formerly of
Stockton, will be liberally warded. Ad-
dress H. O. 8., box 820. Call.
ALL gents wishing to marry wealthy send 10c '
r- for latest list. MRS. HERTZ;. 706 Ellis st
HIRSUTINE CO., hair specialists, grow hair >
or no pay; book for stamp. 6 Eddy st.
SLAUGHTER in unredeemed pledges. Jewelry,
clothing, etc., t',r amount haned and lnter-
e.st, CUT RATE LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason. ;
LEUERKIVS QITNTONICA halrUJ^ic; a pcrw^
erful nourishment to weak and impoverished
hair; 25c bottle. O. LEDERER. 123 Stockton.
IMPORTED HAIR styles halrdressingT 25cT
shampooing, 50c; short hnir. 25c; restoring
gray hair to natural color, $1 50 to $5: bleach-
ing rrots ot hair, 50e. G. LEDERER. 123 Stkn.
JOHN L. BOONE. I - nt Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
Ko. 4 Sutter St., Laws a Specialty
San Franclsco. 'al. j American nnd Foreign
Send for circular. I Patents cited.
ASSORTMENT of imported and domestic rem-
nants for suits to order. $10 75; nts $3 73;
nothing .higher. One-Price Tailoring Co., 1644
Market st..__under St. Nicholas Hotel.
ELECTRIC lights In every room: Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market; 700 rooms:
25c to $1 -50 per night; $1 CO to J', per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry. i
WORKS of art worth $100,000 on exhibition "at
Palace of Art. 16 Post st. Ladles with escorts
admitted from 8:30 p. m. to 11:30 p. m. E.
HAQUETTE.
DR C. A. McQUESTEN has returned and ■■-
sumed practice. Oflice. 317 Powell Rt.
A KLEIN buys clothing, bric-a-brac tools
and old gold; send for him. 10$ Sixth st.
■5^- FRINGES, braids, beads and Jewels ole to
" order. ETTINGER'S. 723 Market st.
ANTIQUE and curiosity shop; goods bought,
sold, exchanged. 525 Dupont st., nr. Cal.
PERSONALS.
MRS.L.J.WHEELOCK has removed La Vertte
Parlors to 1140 Market; phone Folsom 446.
PAINTING »nd paper hanging; rooms papered,
L5O up. JENSEN A BATH. 30S Sixth st.
INCRUSTATION-New invention for china dec-
orators. See S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansome st.
"BALL-BEARING" sewing machines; no frlc-
tlon. White Sewing Machine Co., 300 Post st.
MME. LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed
from O'Farrell to 1"2 Eddy st. ,
MLLE. CLAIRE BERTRAND, manicure par-
lcrs. 23S Kearny st.. first floor, rooms 2-3.
LACHMAN & CO., mfrs. of fine furs and seal
garments; also remodeling. 104 Kearny st.
RUPTURE. piles cured; examination free.
Drs. Mansfield & Porterflsld. 523 Market st.
IF you wish full value for your cast-oft cloth-
ing, call on ii. COHEN. 157 Third st.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no Injec-
tion; guar-- Dr. Gordin. 514 Pine, ab. Krny.
SUITS to order en easy Installments. L. j
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7lh and Sth.
WANTED— OId gfld for manufa'ng. O. Nolte, :
Jeweler. 243 O'Farrell. bet. Powell A Mason. i
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
FINEST and fullest stock; square deal and j
prompt service; country orders our specialty;
catalogue free. Cal. Camera Co., 22 Geary st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office and residence,
1021 V," Market St., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE — CITY— FOR SALE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO. -
SNAPS.
J7OCO—4 fin? flat? of >, 5, 5 and 6 rooms and |
bath: rented low at $65; modern Im-
provements; street bltuminlzed; oement
sidewalk; fiats cost more than price i
asked to build; lot 44x127 feet.
BANK FORECLOSURE SALE.
$4,500— 0n Mission street, near Eleventh; lot I
25x54:6; Improvements china house:
mortgage $4000; make offer.
DEVISADERO-STREET BARGAIN.
$3,000— Sacramento street; a fine lot at j
quarters its value and a 4-room
cottage thrown ln.
GRAND HOTEL.
$2,OOO— CASH; balance $»500 on mortgage, 6 per
cent; at a transfer point; large, elegant
rooming use of 30 sunny rooms; cost
|800 C to build: large lot 44:6X100; will pay
$200 per month.
CORNER STORE AND FLAT.
$14,800— Corner store and flat on Ellis street;
rents $K5 per month.
BUILDERS' CHANCE.
515.000— 810ck of lots on Potrero aye., for half
price; one-fifth cash, balance in 5 years
at >'7 pet cent.
MUST SELL.
$5,000— Pine street, near Gough; 10-room house;
lot 30x127:6.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$s,ooo— Two new flats on Golden : c._ avenue,
near Lyon street; 5 and 6 rooms and
bath; all modern Improvements; rents
$40; any offer will be submitted.
NORTHWEST CORNERS.
J2.500— Twenty-third and Bryant 6ts. ; 30x100.
$I, Twentieth and Alabama sts., lot 26x104.
t CHEAP SOUTH OF MARKET HOMES.
$1,600— Near Third and Harrison streets; 2
cottages; rents $16; lot 20xS0; nice
street; surrounded with nice improve- .
ments.
$I,7oo— Near Sixth and Bryant sts.; lot 25x80;
nice cozy cottage on nice appearing
bituminized street; no car fare.
CHEAP MISSION HOMES.
$I,loo— A pretty little cottage of 4 rooms on
Kth St., near San Jose aye.; $800; mort-
gage in bank; can remain.
Cash, balance same as rent, or will
make terms to suit; 1 nice, new 2-story
house of five rooms and bath, porcelain
tub, tile mantels, dome ceilings, high
basement and every modern improve-
ment; fine view; block from the electric
cars.
WE HOLD OCR TEAR AUC-
TION SALES EVERY TWO WEEKS.
FOR FURTHER PARTICULARS AP-
PLY TO
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
628 Market street.
AT A. M. SPECK & CO.'S.
GOOD INVESTMENTS,
$40,000— Grand Investment; vicinity of Mason
st. rent $402.
j?,fl, ooo— Stores and 12 flats; rents $300: lot SOX '■■
. 165 feet. ="•'._
$14,000— Geary St., near Mason; store and
lodging-house. _
$12,000— Mason st., "hot far from Geary; 35-
-foot front.
jl4 ooo— Three elegant flats of 9 rooms each.
rents $115: salt water; near Geary st.; down
town. ■'"-
sp-i 500— New flats; very fine: rents $95.
jsr.OO— Market-st. flats; lot 30 feet front; a
snap.
$7r,00— Three grand new flats: rents $30; near
Towel! and Bush sts. ; all rented.
California St.; 3 flats: rents $4».
$4750— Turk St.; 2 flats and stable; reduced
from $6500; large lot. ■„ ,77 ■■-.' '■•"„
$1750— Cozy 7-mom boose; lot 2oxloo feet; nice
grounds: rent $16 50.
$2000— Two flats: rents $18.
Joso— Cozy new cottage; large lot.
Other bargains at A. M. SPECK A CO. S, 667
Market st. ___________
$'00 AND
UPWARD. __ ,„,»,„
On very easy payments; choice lots ln tne
block recently subdivide-, bounded by H
and I sts., 16th and Utb ayes.; right on the
Park and the new 19th avi boulevard; a
number of lots already sold; balance bound
to ell quickly; fine investments; good build-
ing lots; all ready; lots graded; streets .
graded; macadamised; water pipes laid.
PRICES $500 UPWARD. _ mro j
YOUR OWN TERMS. j
Electric cars pass the property; see this ;
block at once; go to our branch office to- j
day, corner of H st. and 9th aye; price lists.
etc., there or at our office. ,„ >Tr . T! , T ".
BALDWIN A HOWELL
10 Montgomery st.
NEW CORNER FLATS
$4800; RENT $540 A YEAR
$1000 CASH, BAL. MONTHLY.... •
Five and nine rooms each, with all modern
conveniences. F. NELSON, builder, corner
Twentieth and Castro sts.
FOR sale — 102 San Jose aye., house of 7 rooms
at good as new; all modern Improvements; lot
25x100 price $2000. See owner, 700 San Jose aye.
LOT near Golden Gats Park for one-half its
value. COWING *> CO., M 6 Market St.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First aye.. and you wish to Sell them,
call on W. J. OUNN, 410 Montgomery st.
$ISoo— sl4 per month: 4 rooms. 9-foot basement,
barn, stalls for 2 horses; lot 80:8 by 114 feet.
Particulars 409 Thirtieth st. _________
FOR sale — Business property on Howard St.,
near Fourth; renting for $130 per month. See
pew Drug Company, Alameda.
NEW house; must be removed account -v Santa
Fe railroad depot. 21 Bryant St., near Main.
CHICKEN ranch on San Bruno road; $800. Ap-
pl;, to MRS, GRAVES, opp. Six-mile House.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY For Sal* i
TO lease— Contra Costa County, on San Pablo j
Creek. 8 miles from Berkeley, 1150 acres; well |
watered, . wooded; 250 acres good grain land; -
balance excellent pasture; suitable milk or
stock ranch; railroad facilities. In person
R. E. ROWLAND. ' >rind.i Park.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUShT 033— Parlor floor; unfurnished: 3 large
sunny rooms; gas and bath; rent $13.
BUSH 1208-4 small back rooms, furnished for
housekeeping; range and bath: rent $12.
(.'LAV. --1.1. In rear, near Fillmore— 2 unfur-
nished upper rooms; water; rent $7.
CLARA, 166. near sth— furnished rooms; $8;
1, 2or 3 unfurnished rooms. .-.'.'. . ;
EIGHTH. MB, near Market— Two sunny double
front parlors, with kitchen and bathroom;
furnished for. housekeeping; private family.
ELLIS, 1129— Two unfurnished alcove rooms
for housekeeping. ____^__
FIFTH, Suite of rooms furnished complete
fur housekeplng: rent cheap.
FIFTH, 353— Furnished housekeeping; 2 con-
necting, $13: also single, $5 to $7.
FOURTH. 225— Nice large rooms suitable for
housekeeping. ■-.-'- 7 1 '
FULTON. 12]Vi— 3 sunny front furnished rooms;
range, water; large nird ; rent $14.
GEARY, '--' - large sunny front rooms; large
yard; ground floor; for housekeeping.
HOWARD. .1001-* sunny completely furnished
housekeeping rooms; $8 per month.
HYDE. B—2 sunny unfurnished rooms tor house-
keeping; reference required.
IF you're short borrow of the respectable
house of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye. "
THE SAN FRANCISCO j CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1899.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
JACKSON. 520, near Mason— Furnished large
sunny housekeeping rooms, $7 to $9; single, $4.
JACKSON. 3019— Redroom, dining-room, kitchen;
sunny; yard; bath; $16, with gas.'
KEARNY, 230-Slngle rooms, sunny front and
housekeeping rooms. "
LEWIS. 18. oft Taylor, near Post— 3 furnished
rooms: upstairs: $14.
MARTHA place, 2, off Geary, nr. Taylor— 2 fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping. ,
MOSS, IS. off Howard, near Seventh— Two or
three rooms furnished for housekeeping.
OAK, Elegant newly furnished rooms for
light housekeeping; bath; private.
SACRAMENTO, 1514, bet. Hyde and Larkin—
Elegantly furnished large sunny front rooms;
also single; modern improvements; light
housekeeping if desired.
SCOTT, 1210— Two nicely furnished rooms; bath;
kitchen; gas range.
SIXTH. 19— Furnished rooms. $5 and $6; also'
suite; privilege of light housekeeping.
TENTH, 136— Front room for pousekeeplng;
stove; running water. -_ ■
VAN NESS. 318— Sunny unfurn. rooms or furn.
to suit hhusekpg. ; 'running water; gas, bath.
VAN NESS, 1021— Finely furnished sunny
suites for housekeeping; also single rooms.
2 FRONT sunny rooms, suitable for house-
keeping. MS Franklin St.
A BRANCH office tor Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Fts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. •
ROOMS TO LET Furn. nnd Infnrn.
AN up-to-date new fire-proof building— "San
Antonio": opening Oct 14: electric elevator;
hot and cold water; radiators and coal grates;
rates reasonable. 21 Taylor St., near Market.
BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 14S Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house: modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Sunny corner suits and
single rooms; all conveniences; gentlemen
and families: elevator; special rates to trav-
eling men.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)—
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye- Sunny corner; well furn. rms. & offlces.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 106 (Golden State Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms, SOc per day up; $1 50
to $6 per week: centrally located.
EDDY. 123 (United States Hotel)— Clean, neat
rooms; $1 ''"' week up; elevator day and night.
ELLIS. 321 (Rosedale House)— Nice rooms, 25c
a night, $1 a week up; reading room.
ELLIS. 607— Nicely furnished sunny rooms; de-
sirable location; rates reasonable. •
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Comfortable furn.
rooms; travelers accommodated. MRS. HYER.
GEARY, 556— Elegant, sunny front and back
parlor; piano; phone: housekeeping; other
rooms. : • :~-
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1529—3 nice rooms, with
carpet : pantry, bath, and water free; $14,
GRAN SOUTHERN-Southeast cor. Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house: $1 50 to $6 per week.
HAWTHORNE, 172, near Harrison— Pleasant
sunny, room; board optional; reasonable.
HOWARD. 715— 200 sonny rooms; nicely fur-
nished; every convenience: electric lights.
HUGHES House. 214 Third— Newly renovated;
25c to SOc per night; $1 60 to $3 per week.
LARKIN. 804— Sunny small room; furnished;
$4.
Mi ALLISTER, 412, flat No. I— Nicely fur-
nished sunny rooms for gentlemen.
Mi ALLISTER, 616 -Nice sunny newly fur-
nished rooms; gas, bath, running water;
transient.
McALLISTER. 70?%, near Gough— Sunny rooms
| nicely furnished; center of town.
McALLISTER, 702.— Sunny furnished or un-
furnished rooms; suite or single; private fam.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
"NEWPORT." 21 Franklin, nr. Market— Large
bay-win. rms. and single. $5 up; also __ g.
OAK. 355— Nicely furnished sunny room; pri-
vate family; gas; bath; cheap.
O'FARRELL, 321— Nice sunny rooms, single or
en suite: gas, bath, modern conveniences.
SECOND, 508— Large front and small room;
grate, bath; suitable for two or more.
SEVENTH, 3, near Market— Sunny furnished
single rooms. $4 up.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
BUTTER, 111 - Comfortably furnished suites;
also housekeeping rooms; terms reasonable.
TENTH, 123, near Market— Small light room;
running water: rent $3.
THE Oaks 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. . R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
THIRD. 3n3 — Housekeeping rooms. $2 per week;
also single rooms for men; $1 per week.
TO let— A nice front room In private family: 1
block from cars. 221 Hickory, m Van Ness.
TURK, 523— Two sunny rooms; $5 and $7; run-
ning water; use of bath.
A BRANCH oflice ror Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky s-t. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth St.
______ ________
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the Maria Klp
Orphanage of 520 Lake st | has received the
wing orphans and half orphan girls from
July 1 to October 1, 1899: Frances G. Mc-
Kewen, aged 9 years: Leila Marlon O. Keyse.
aged 10 years; Grace Beaver, aged 7 years;
Doris Eugenia Wright, aged 12 years; Jane
Grace Robinson, aged 12 years,
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
NICE private home ln confinement; most rea-
sonable price In city, Mrs. M. Pfeiffer. mid-
wife, 2012 Folsom, nr. 16th: phone White 1344.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tei. 5520.
— ' l-i ' ' T
STORAGE AND "WAREHOUSES.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop..
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tei. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post, ccr, Powell; tei. Main 5718.
WATCH REPAIRING.
WATCHES cleaned 75c: guaranteed 2 years.
The Roy Jewelry and Optical Co.. 540 Kearny.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1300— LOT EtalM, with large cottage of _
rooms and bath; stable, windmill, tank, etc.
$2500— Lot 40x115; fine 2-story house 8 rooms
and bath; near station; must be sold at once;
worth $4000. . _ • '
|fi o— Lot 40x160, on Morton st., bet. the rail-
roads, with fine new modern cottage 7 rooms;
$500 cash, balace $25 per month.
$3350— Lot 40x150; Morton St.. near Santa
Clara aye.: elegant new house of 8 rooms;
$3f:o cash, balance; s3o per month. Houses to
let In all parts of Alameda.
11. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park St.
GRAND real estate auction sale ot several
choice houses an.l lots; also 1 chicken ranch;
Alameda. Oakland and Elmhurst; sale Sat-
urday. Oct. 21, at 2 p. m. Do not fall to at-
tend this sale, as most of the places are to be
sold by order of the court. Particulars In
next week's papers. Send for illustrated cata-
logue See advertisement In Chronicle. Sale
at J. A. MUNRO & CO.'S Auction House. 1517
and 1619 Park st., Alameda.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address ln the
1 , Ited States, postpaid, for *1 per year.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND board.
HOME for ladles in delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY BOUSES TO LET.
FOR rent. In desirable location, house of nine
rooms, bath, laundry and etoreroom, with
stable, chicken-house and large yard; con-
venient to trains and university grounds. Ap-
ply to J. R. LITTLE, Berkeley station.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
ONLY $1575— Cottage house .of 8 - rooms ;. large
lot; on the sunny side of street; only 5 min-
utes' from university: a bargain. JOS. J.
MASON. Real Estate, adjoining postoffice,
Berkeley. — ■
A NEW map of beautiful Berkeley, showing
the proposed extension of the university
grounds, can be had by sending a 2c stamp to
JOSEPH J. MASON, Real Estate, adjoining
P. P.. Berkeley. _^
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$125 LOTS; title perfect; lots $123..
Frultvale and San Leandro road tract
Fine level lots; near trains, schools, churches.
' H. B. PINNEY. Agent, rm. 9, '.'"', Broadway.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. \
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 98 (50c per
share) of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COM-
. PANY will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market st., on and after
WEDNESDAY, November 1, 1599. Transfer
books will close on THURSDAY, October 26,
1899, at 3 ..'clock p. m. *
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
OFFICE of the Fireman's Fund Insurance
Company, San Francisco, October 16 1899.—
At a regular meeting of the Board of Direc-
tors of this company, held this day. a divi-
dend was declared, payable on and after Octo-
ber IS 1899.
BERNARD FAYMONVILLE, Secretary..
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 72 (25c per
share) of the HUTCHINSON SUGAR PLAN-
TATION COMPANY will be payable at the
office of the company. 327 Market street on
'and after FRIDAY, October 20, 1899. Trans-
fer books will close on Saturday. October 14,
1899. at .12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENT*.
FRTJIT S AND VEGETABLE » FARM lIN j>SAC-
RAMENTO. COUNTY FOR SALE.
REFEREE'S SALE IN PARTITION.
On Wednesday, November 1, 1899, at 11:30
a. m under a decree of sale of the Superior
Court of Sacramento County, made October 6,
1819 In a partition suit of the heirs of the late j
CHRISTOPHER STROTHMANN, In which
CAROLINE STODIEK Is plaintiff and
CATHERINE NIEDERQUELLE et al. are
defendants, the following described property
will be sold in one parcel at public auction
to the highest bidder for cash, subject to
confirmation by the court:
"All of Swamp Land Survey No. 267 and the
northerly 67.99 acres of Swamp Land Survey
No 269 of the official surveys of swamp and
overflowed lands of Sacramento County, con-
taining 175.02 acres," being the farm of the
said STROTHMANN. Sale will be made on
said land. . . • . M ..
Immediately after the sale of said land, the
livestock, farming utensils, etc., of said farm
will be sold.
This farm is situate on the Sacramento
River, about 9 miles from Sacramento. 4 miles
below Freeport. It has upon It a house and
a good barn, about 50 acres upland, the re-
mainder lowland f appraised in the Superior
Court of Sacramento In the matater of the
estate of said Strothmann, deceased, at $26,-
-370. Assessed for 1898: Land. $10,000: Improve-
ments, $2000. There are 2777 bearing fruit trees
on the farm and 278 non-bearing.
Further information will be given at the
office of McKUNE & GEORGE. . attorneys for
refi ree, Sacramento, and at the office of the
undersigned. LOEWY & GUTSCH,
Attorneys for heirs, 503 California St., San
Francisco.
October 17. l c f.9.
IN the Superior Court of the city and county
of Fan Francisco, State of California, In the
matter of WESTERN BEET SUGAR COM-
PANY, a corporation, upon Its application for
a Judgment of dissolution. Notice— Notice Is
hereby given that WESTERN BEET SUGAR
COMPANY, a corporation organized and ex-.
Is ting under and by virtue of the laws of the
State of California, and having its office and
place of business in the city and county of
San Francisco. State of California, has filed
a verified application addressed to the Supe-
rior Court of the city and county of San
Francisco, State of California, praying for
a Judgment of dissolution of said corporation,
and that MONDAY, November 13. 1899, at 10
o'clock a. m., at the courtroom of said. court,
Department No. 2. in the City Hall of the
city and county of San Francisco, have been
appointed as the day. time and place for the
hearing of said application.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed the official seal of said Su-
perior Court this 10th day of October. 1599.
WM. A. DEANE, Clerk.
By E. M. THOMPSON, Deputy Clerk.
[Seal.]
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for fresh beef and mutton—
Chief Commissary, San Francisco. Cal., Oct.
16, 18W. Sealed proposals for furnishing and
delivering fresh beef and mutton will be re-
ceived here and at offlces of commissaries at
Alcatraz Island, Angel Island, Benicia Bar-
racks. Fort Mason, Presidio of San FTancls-
co and San Diego Barracks, Cal., until 11
o'clock a. m., November 16, 1,899, and then
opened. Information furnished on applica-
tion. Envelopes containing proposals should
be Indorsed "Proposals for fresh beef and
mutton," and addressed to undersigned <.r
to Commissary at post to be supplied. H.
J. GALLAGHER Major. Chief Commissary.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
CONROY— In Berkeley. September 22. 1899, to
the wife of Richard M. Conroy, a son.
MITCHELL— In this city, October 16. 1899, to
the wife of Edward H. Mitchell, a daughter.
MARRIED.
MCCARTHY— DOYLE— In this city, October 18.
1899. by the Rev. John Stephens, Maurice Mc-
Carthy and Catherine Doyle, both of San
Francisco.
NEKIi SCHROEDER^-In this city, October 8.
1895, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Henry Neeb
and Augusta Schroeder.
RODDA — MORRISON— In Acajutla, Central
America, October 15. 1899, Edward J. J.
Rodda and Mi lite Middleton Morrison.
STRIPPEL— HEIZMANN— In this city, October
14, 1899, by the Rev. Hermann Gehrcke. Cas-
par George Strippel and Charlotte Teutonia
Helzmann, both of San Franclsco.
WARD— LAUSTEN— In this city, October 16,
UN, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Edward G.
Ward and Sine Lausten, '
DIED.
Brockman, Henry W. Miller, Alice C.
CafTerata. Antonio ■ O'Brien, Timothy
Curtis. Helen M. Paul!. Ruledolph
Douglass, James Petersen, Rose
Downing, Benton T. Bedlcan, John
Oilbert. Elizabeth Remfry, Louis N.
Hart. John Rlelly, Naomia A.
Kohlee. Conrad Roy, David :
Lafferty, Capt. John Towne. Charles B. B.
Letson, Thomas Tranor, Agnes M.
Levy. H. W. Turkison, Henry
Martin. John
BROCKMAN— this city, October 15, I*9*. at
St. Mary's Hospital, Henry W., beloved son
of M. C. and Margaret Brockman, and
brother of W. H., Edward and John Brock-
man and Mrs. M. H. Gllnden and the late
Angeline O. Brockman, a native of California,
aged 24 years.
rr?" Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor A Co.. 767
Mission street.
CAFFERATA this city, October 16, 1899,
Antonio, dearly beloved husband of Catherine
j CafTerata. and father of George. Louis and
Alvira CafTerata, Mrs. L. Cicerone. Mrs. A.
Anita, Mrs. Rosa Ferro and Mrs. Lena Ca*
prile,- a native of Italy, aged 69 years and 2
months."
(E^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully, notified that the funeral will take place
to-morrow (Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from
2714 San Bruno road. Interment New Ital-
ian Cemetery.
CURTIS— In this city, October 15. 1599. Helen
M. Curtis, daughter of Mrs. E. O. and the
late XV. P. Curtis, and sister of Comma M.
Curtis and Mrs. Lillie M. Layng. aged 40
years. , k~J?-£<
I DOUGLASS— In this city, October 16. 1899,
James Douglass, a native of Cushendall.
County Antrim. Ireland, aged 61 years. (Bel-
. fast papers please copy.)
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday}, at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of Valente. Marini & Co.. 1524 Stockton street.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery
1 1 !
HfcNRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMUALMER3,
tO Fifth st, opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 8*
N. F. Dethlefsen. . - Chas. H. Jacob.
CHAS. H. JACOB & CO.,
Funeral Directors and Embalmers. 318
Mason street, bet Geary and O'Farrell
streets. Telephone Main 5213. .- .-
— —i_^__T_a— ri _hhi-hii-p-iii— — -Ma»___rM a— i
McAVOY _fc CO., I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS.!
1235 Market st, between Bth and Sth. . I
Telephone South 247. ' - . - |
DOWNING— this city, October 17, 1899, Ben-
ton T. Downing, a native of. San Francisco,
aged 22 years 1 month and 6 days.
GILBERT— In this city, October 16, 1399, Eliza-
beth Gilbert, a native of England, aged 85
years." • ••■'
HART— In this city. October 18. 1899. John
Hart, aged 49 years. "..-.■;
KOHLER— In this city, October 18, 1899, Con-
rad Kohler, beloved husband of Katherina
Kohler. and father of Jacob, Coney, Ottc
and Fred Kohler. a native of Hochweissel.
H> sjen-Darmstadt, aged 60 years 4 months
and 2 days.
**J7?-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington
street.
LAFFERTY— In this city. October 15, 1899, Cap-
tain John Lafferty, U. S.A., husband of Ella
J. Lafferty, father of Frederick S.. John L..
Grace and Harriet M. Lafferty, and step-
father of Grace G. Culbertson, a native of i
Utica, aged 64 years 1 month and 22 days. I
____7Tt\<> funeral will take place this day i
. (Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the family j
residence, 730 Grove street. Interment Na-
tional Cemetery. Presidio. j
LETSON— In this city, October 17, 1599, Thomas I
Letson, beloved husband of the late Ellen B.
Letson, and father at Mrs. F. D. Worth. Mrs. !
L. E. Price and William E. and the late j
Warren -Letson, a native of New Brunswick. I
N. J., aged 75 years 1 month and 11 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day ;
(Wednesday), at 2:20 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of Mrs. F. D. Worth, 1303 Larkin street.
Interment private.
LEVY— In this city, October 16, 1899, H. W.
Levy,, beloved brother of Mrs. Julia Wolf and
K. C. and L. R. Levy, a native of California, -
aged 44 years.
(□^Friends and acquaintances are respect- j
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street. I
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
MARTIN— this city, October 16. 1899. John j
Martin, beloved husband of M. R. Martin, a |
native of Greenville, Pa., aged 53 years.
(Greenville, Pa., papers please copy.)
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 133 Gough street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
MILLER— In this city, October 17, 1899, Alice
C, beloved wife of Frank S. Miller, mother
of Mabel M. and George R. Miller, and sister :
of Robert W. and Jane E. Greer, a native of
San Mateo, aged 36 years.
O'BRIEN— In this city. October 17. 1899, Tim- I
othy O'Brien, beloved brother of Bridget and i
the late John O'Brien, a native of Goulanes, !
parish of Drimoleague, County Cork, Ire- ';
land, aged 66 years. j
• Friends and acquaintances are respect- [
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow |
(Thursday) morning, from his late residence,
617 Ellis street, thence to St. Mary's Cathe- |
dral, where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul. Interment I
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
PAULI— In this city, October 16, 1899, Rule-
dolph, beloved son of Mrs. Ida and the late
Frank Paull, and beloved brother of Edwin
and William Pauii, a native of San Francisco,
aged 5 years 7 months and 27 days.
C3*Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 # o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-first
Interment Masonic Cemetery. ■
PETERSEN— In St. Helena. Cal.. October 16,
1899, Rose Petersen, beloved sister of Mrs.
Emma Fehlen, a native of Sweden, aged 35
years.
CTFuneral notice ln Saturday morning's
papers. Remains at the parlors of the Cali-
fornia Undertaking Company, 405 Powell
street, near Post.
REDICAN— In this city, October 17, 1899, John
Redican, a native of New York City, aged 61
years. ;.7_ : :
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mission street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
REMFRY— In Sonoma, October 14, 1899, Louis
N., beloved son of Albert and May Remfry,
aged 1 month and 6 days.
RIELLY— In this city. October 17, 1899, Naomia
Anastasla, dearly beloved daughter of James
and Johanna- Rlelly, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 3 months and 25 days.
£3 p The funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 1063 York street. Interment
private.
ROY— In this city, October 16, H99, David Roy,
husband of the late Susan L. Roy, and father
of the late George E. Roy, Mrs. M. E. Bar-
ney, Mrs. C. A. Haubrich, Mrs. M. F. Da-
rousse and E. J. Roy. a native of Montreal,
Canada, aged 82 years and 5 months. (St.
Louis and Montreal papers please copy.)
CT'The funeral - services will be held
this day (Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, at his
late residence. 359 ! 2 Brannan street. Cre-
mation private. Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
Please omit flowers. 7 7-" '.:
ToWNE— In North Oakland, October 15, 1899,
Charles E. E. Towne, a native of Chelsea,
Mass., aged 51 years 4 months and 12 days.
[^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvltel to attend the services this day
(Wednesday), at Shattuck-avenue M. E.
Church, corner Shatuick avenue and Benton
street, at 2:30 o'clock. Interment Mountain
. View Cemetery.
TRANOR— In this city, October 16. 1599. Agnes
M. Tranor, a native of California, aged 28
years.
tTFriends and acquaintances are repect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), from St. • Joseph's Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commencing ■
at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
TURKISON— In this city, October 16, 1899,
Henry Turkison, a native of Norway, aged 33
years.
(CyFriends and acquaintances are repect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of Valente, Marini & Co., 1524 Stockton street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. ■
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Jean W. and Howard E. Wright to Edward
B. Pond lot on SW corner of Webster and Fil
bert streets, S 25 by w 100; $10.
Samuel F. and Elizabeth F. Weeks to Charles
A. Hooper, undivided half of following: Lot
on NW cornet of Eighteenth and Harrison
fctreets, W 274:10%, N 178:5%, E 161:7%, N 33.
E 75, S 205; also lot on W line of Channel street,
328 S Of Seventeenth, S 87:1%, N 26, E 7:6%;
$6200. --. - "••' ■'■-. -'- : •" =777:
George Grossman to Eva Maria Grossman,
lot on N line of Jersey street, 100 E of Vicks
burg, E 60 by N 114; also lot on W line of
Church street, 80 N of Jersey, N 34 by W 100;
also lot 6. block 210. ON. and H. Tract; Rift.
Estate of Bridget Hardy (by Maggie J. Bar
rades. administratrix) to Annie G. McDonnell.
lot on W line of Bryant street, 75 N of Nine
teenth (Butte), N 25 by W 100; $2500.
Joseph B. Coryell to Marjory Stewart (wife
of William), lot on E line of Vermont street,
90 N of Nineteenth (Butte), N 25 by E 100; $10.
John W. and Bertha K. Nye to Garibaldi
laccherl, rerecord 1497 d 119, lot on N line of C
street 55 W of Twenty-seventh avenue. W 26
by N 105; also lot on E line of Twenty-ninth
avenue, 266 N of C street. N 26 by E 120; $860.
Mary E. and O. W. Johnson to G. Baciga
lunl, same (2 pieces); $10.
Peter and Sarah Rooney to Michael Ruane,
lot on S line of Randall street. 90 W of Ohen
ery. W 26 by S 100, block 19, Fairmount: $10.
Hugh Hanna to Charles W. and Katie M.
Hanna, lot on E line of California avenue,
186 S of Coso. S 35 by E 122. Precita Valley
lands: gift. . - , . , . „..,
Barbara aqd John J. Kreel to Louisa Wil
kinson, lot 818, Gift Man 2: $325. •
Antolne and Oracle Borel to Richard J.
Brode lot oh fe line of Willard street. 425.68
S of Parnassus (Sullivan), S 26.04, E 94.56. N
25, XV 93.13, lot 20, block D, Sunset Heights;
$10. ■' '^y^7~"- ,
Alameda County.
Jane E. and John Johnson to ' Annie M.
Johnson (undivided one-half). Letitia E. John
son and Alice M. Gray (wife of George B. M.
(undivided one-quarter each), lot on SW cor
ner of San Pablo avenue and Eighteenth street,
W 200.10, S 90.57, E 278:25 to W line of San
Pablo avenue, thence along W line of San
Pablo avenue 120.79 to beginning, being lots
19 to 25 and portion of lot 26, Johnson Tract:
also lot on NW comer of San iVblo avenue
and Eighteenth street, W 123.67, N 61.19, W 25.
N 25 E 76 to W line of San Pablo avenue,
S 112' 29 to beginning, being lots 16. 17 and IS,
Johnson Tract, Oakland: also lot on E line
of San Pablo avenue. 128.96 N of Thirty-sixth
street N 50. W' 73.64 to a point distant 80
E from E line of Adeline street, thence SW
118 42 to N line of Thirty-sixth street, thence
I RE' 25 N 75.12 to a point distant 73.03 W from
1 W line of San Pablo avenue, thence ___ 73.93 to
i W line of San Pablo avenue to the point of
i beginning, being a portion of A. D. Thomp
son's Map Of subdivision block 684, Town of
Emeryville, Oakland Township; gift.
Isabella J.. oolner to O. O. May. subdivi
sions 3 4, IS and 19 cf lot 6, block 23, Daley's
Scenic 'Park Tract. Berkeley; »0.
George R and Madeline H. Chambers to P.
S Marshall, lot on XV line of Weber street.
575 S of Central avenue. W 119.82. S 24.92, E
iun SO N 24.92 to beginning, being the N 24.92
feet of lot 102, Encinal Park Tract, Alameda;
A J Hinds to R. L. and Ellen McKeever,
! lot 11. Frultvale Cottage Home Tract, Brook-
I lyn Township: $10.
Amelia E. Daly to Mary A. Furey, lot on N
■■ line of Taylor avenue, 217 W of McPherson
I street (Ninth). XV 25 by N 110. Alameda; $10.
Frank P. i Furey to John F. and Amelia E.
Daly lot on 9 line of Alameda avenue. 100 E
' of Walnut street, E 60 by S 150. being lot 16,
i block D. lands adjacent to Encinal, Alameda;
j no. * . — : .
... Builders' Contracts.
I Laura M. Taylor (owner) with Gray Bros,
(contractors), architects Martens & Coffey—
Grading concrete foundations and cement side
walks etc., for three three-story frame build
ings on N line of Washington street, 60 E of
Polk E 77:6 by N 127:5V4: total, $1563.
Same owner with Weismann A Whittle (con
tractors), architects same— All work except
sewering, plumbing, painting, mantels, gas fix
tures and shades for same on same: total,
$19,376. - *„ ■ -
Same owner with G. C. Sweeney (contract
, or) archtect*' same— Sewering, plumbing, and
i gas fitting lor same on same; total, $4077.
! Eva E. Fisher (owner) with Edward Stephens
(contractor), architect W. J. A. Anderson—Ex
cavating, brick and carpenter work, plumbing
and painting for a two-story and basement
frame building on W line of Cook street, 425 N
of Point Lobos avenue or Geary street, N 25 by
W 120; total. $2000. 7 '"\
Eben B. Williams (owner) with same con
tractor, architect same Same work for same
style of building on W line of Cook street, 450
N of Point Lobos avenue or Geary street, N 25
by W 120: total. $1800.
John D. Spreckels (owner) with California
Electrical : Works (contractor), architects Reld
Bros.— lnstalling and completing of all electric j
wiring for electric Hghts, bells and telephones
in residence on NE corner of Pacific avenue j
and Laguna street; total. $5444.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
.- PALACE HOTEL.
Col W A Thompson, O G Wlnhelm, Chicago j
Bstn Lyric Opera Co=W Bells, Phila
Henry' Hallman, do J G Oxnard, N T
Mrs Hallman, do |BC lb-warden, N T
Josephine Stanton. d" E R Foster. Ventura
Nellie Andrews, do H G Stevenson. Menlo I
Maude Leeklev, do Mrs Stevenson. Menlo
C D Hazelrijjg, do Dr G Heine. Raymond
A L Parmley. do A Whltcomb Ex
W H Romaine, N T Mrs Heine. do i
W H Connell, Toronto jDr A A Libby, 'do ]
Mrs Connell, Toronto I Mrs H F Libby. do |
W A Duncan. R BlulT W H Richmond, do I
Mrs Duncan, Rd Bluff Mrs Richmond. do
C McNeil, Chicago i Miss Richmond, do
H Heymari, N V i Miss '" M Rcmnd. do
.1 H Simpson. USA 1 Mrs Chisholm, do
Q I. Kennedy. S Lake HA Ley, Mass
H C Moore, Pan Jose F Willard, NY
J A Lewis, Reno E H Litchfield. NT
Mrs Lewis, Reno F J Carolan, Blngame
W Thompson, Reno '. Mrs Carolan, Blngame
G M Walker, Los Ang R C Kirkwood. i"al
A R Day. Mich i " j Mrs Kirkwood, Cal
J X Kelly, Nev 'E C Fest. Phila
A Funstaln. Cal Mrs Feat. Phila
J O Thomas Jr. U S A;B F Bretherton. NY
H M Lindsay, V S A A J Edwards, Stanfrd
C Hodge. Oakland G F Simonds, Mass
J II Harry, USA D S Jordan, Stanford
J C Kompisch. Prtlnd'C Loughridge 111
H H Kami Prtld H Glass, N V
R Van Brunt, Or \v T Solomon, NY
J McGinn is, Butte (J 0 Hall, San Jose
R R Spencer, Seattle J C Budds. Salt Lake
E F Sweeney, Seattle' W V.-iughan, England ;
A J Marcus. Menlo P.M J Cooper, Visalia
Mrs Marcus, Menlo Pk W A Breuer. S Mateo !
W F Glover. N V P Stanford. N V
O H Custer, Cat : A O Henrlchs, N V
T R More. B C Mrs Thompklns. Cal
W B Thompklns, Cal
GRAND HOTEL.
BA Herrlngton. S Jose I W S Dickerson & w, ' ;
R C Kimbrough, Sacto' Nevada
C P Pierce. Marysville O Vandercook A w, Los I
F Wilkins, Colusa Gatos
J H Barr, Marysville HI, Conrad &t. Red
R W Skinner, Marysvl Bluff
Miss Knox, Sacto Mrs L Blanchard.SJose ;
Mrs E M Barnard. Sac Mrs S Mead. Gllroy
A L Conrad &f, Redng J McCudden, Vallejo j
W Ash & w, Berlin Miss McCudden. Vallejo !
D Levy, Williams J D Bradley, Merced
J A Mlgliavacca, Napa HAW Forchman, Los
G A Mcßain, L Ang j Banos
D H McEwen, L Ang F M Brook, Honolulu
W S Heywood, Oil CyP J Barber, S Barbara
3 H Graves, San Jose E M Conner, Modesto
S J Dart, Ky G Adams, San Jose
A E Briggs, Ky SAD Porter A w, 111
W H Nichols & w, Cal Miss H Ricks, Chgo
Capt & Mrs L P. Lar- H Conn, Carson
son, Rio Vista i R M Schfleld. Or
G G Bartlett, Portland j Miss T Knight, Yreka
M Field, Portland A C Blossom. Stockton ;
W C Root. Gd Rapids : M L Isham. Courtland I
C C Taylor, Kernville F Sharpless Af, Han- I
W T Bush, Orange j ford
E V Haskell, Alameda iW B Bishop & w, Stkn
ft P' Curie, Traver . Mrs & Miss Limsdon, i
H Prindle, L Ang I Scotland
G H Bradt. Ohio J C Conklin. S Jose
A J Jacobs, Globe ! W O Watson, S Jose
J H Glenn, Bakersfield G W Lincoln, L Ang
B W Gerhart, L Ang O Beyer, Chicago
Mrs C Sallars, Lodl ' E Batchelor. Portola . !
Mrs F R Burkett, Cal A Lemon & w, S Rosa ;
E C Smith. Pacific Gr Miss Adamson. Reedly ;
M J Wright & w. Sac Mrs A.H Cumlngs & d, |
D Maron & w. Sacto ■ Fresno
J M Cane, Louisville F X Prescott Aw. Cal
Mrs J H Buek.Vacavill.Mrs J A Fltchpatrick, I
Mrs H A Fairbank.Sac Nevada
B A Plant, MD.S Cruz Miss Caswell. Monterey j
Miss E Riehl, San Jose j A C Rosendale. Pac G
J P Lauritzen. Salinas |R A Long, Williams
B M Lelong, Sac'o '. '_• '■■
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C A Maher, Nev City 'D R Hawes A w, Andr
H H Dawson, San Jose R Stewart. L Ang
R J Ross. Fresno D Danleleon, Jackson
W Meyers. Ukiah R Chisholm, Jackson
Mrs A L Coleman, LA L Stewart. Sonora
H E Lattan, Reedley S Young, Ukiah
S D Shiell, Reedley J Roseno, Fresno
XV H Dickinson, Rdley J Lambert. Truskee
G Hervey, Reedley I J T Godfrey, Sacto
S Maxfield A w, Snllg L Balla, Ohio
J Bartlett & w. Snllng M S Railey, Montana
M Rogers, Los Gatos W Railey, Montana
W S Ege * w. S D W Nicholson. Manila
W Burd Aw, lowa IA L Steele, Man.
Miss L Field, Boston ;G H Podd, Honolulu
E L Robison. Seattle J A Julien & w. Hnlu
C H Holland, Ogden J W Klngren A w, Ma-
P de Martini, Salt Lke ; nila
E T Ellis, Los Gatos W Smith, Manila
G Samarlss, San Jose IE R Reed, Sacto
J H Nixon, Chlco !
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued from Page Ten.
£t: ARRIVED.
Tuesday, October 17.
Schr Newark, Beck, 24 hours from Rockport.
Stmr Weeott. Burtls, 24 hours from Eureka.
_ DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT BLAKELEY—Arrived Oct 17—Ship In
vincible, hence Sent 27.
REDONDO— Oct'Schr Mildred, for
Seattle. ;; .:
FOREIGN PORTS.
NANAlMO—Arrived Oct inlaw stmr San
Mateo, from Port Los Angeles.
ALGOA BAY—Sailed Oct 4— ship Wendur,
for Oregon, via Calcutta.
CUXHAVEN—SaiIed Oct 15—Br shiD Glen
alvor, for Port Townsend.
YOKOHAMA—SaiIed Oct Ger ship Cherus
kia, for . Oct 14—Stmr China, for San Fran.
cisco.
BRISBANE— Arrived Oct 16—Br stmr .War
rlmoo. from Vancouver.
NAGASAKI—Arrived Oct 16—Stmr St Paul,
from Manila, for San Francisco.
KOBE—Sailed Oct 17—Stmr City of Puebla,
for San Franclsco.
HONGKONG— Sept 30— stmr Robert
Dickinson, for .
SHANGHAI— SaiIed Oct 11— stmr Abergel
dle, for Japan and Portland, Or.
HAKODATE—Arrived Sept 28—Br stmr St
Jerome, from Yokohama, for San Franclsco.
HAIPHONG—Arrived Sept 29— Br stmr City
of Dublin, from , for Japan and Tacoma,
HAMBURG — Sailed Oct 3—Br bark Inver
clvde. for Tacoma. ''..:. -'- _
GUAYAQUIL— Sailed Sept I—Br hark Kate F
Troop, for British Columbia.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
BREMERHAVEN—Arrived Oct 17— Stmr Bar
barossa, from New York: stmr Kaiser Wiiheim
der Grosse, from New York.
BOULOGNE—Arrived Oct 17— Stmr Patria,
. from Hamburg, for New York. . .
SYDNEY, NSW—Arrived previously—Stmr
Warrlmoo, from Vancouver.
NEW YORK—Sailed Oct 17—Stmr Georgie,
1 for Liverpool; stmr Trave, for Bremen, via
: Southampton: stmr Werkendam, for Amster
dam: stmr Kaiser Friederich, for Hamburg,
via Cherbourg: and Southampton.
— '■
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
FRANKFORT AMERICAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK, IN THE STATE OF- NEW
York, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
: 1898, and for the year ending on that day, as
; made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
! missioner.
CAPITAL.
; Amount of capital stock, paid up ln
cash .$300,000 00
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by Company $305,024 39
'Cash In banks 34,365 75
Interest due and accrued on all stocks
and leans 2,381 90
■ Premiums ln due course of collection.. 4,655 35
Total assets ..$366,*27 39
LIABILITIES.
; Losses In process of adjustment- or In
suspense $845 00
, Gross premiums on risks running one
year or less; re-insurance 50 per cent 7,210 01
Total liabilities $8.055 01
, INCOME.
Net cash actually received for pre-
miums $7,780 30
Received for interest and dividends on
bonds, stocks, loans, and from other
sources 5,303 54 .
Total Income $12,983 84
EXPENDITURES. ~~
! Net amount paid for losses (Including .
losses of previous years)... $79 90
' Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 1,917 61
: Paid for salaries, fees, • and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc - 3,708 35
Paid for State, ■ national and local
taxes 616 81
| All other payments and expenditures.. 7,271 03
Total expenditure 5 .................. $13,598 70
F. G. VOSS, Vice President.
JNO. M. SMITH, Asst. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 26th
day of January, 1899.
EDWIN F. COREY,
Commissioner for California in New York.
VOSS, CONRAD & CO.
: General Managers, 208 Sansome Street, ; : -
-'■V SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
. . i—OF THE — -
Thuringia American Fire
• INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW TORK. IN THE STATE OF ?
New York, on the "Ist day of December,
A... D. 1398, and for the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the
provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Politi-
cal Coda, condensed as per blank furnished: by
the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash .-.5200.000 00
ASSETS.' '; ' ; ! '
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $228, 452 33
Cash ln Company's Office 343 31
Cash in Banks 500 36
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks ' '
and Loans : 2,04*60
Premiums In due Course of Collection. 23.517 91
Total Assets $313,886 51
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $3195
Losses In process of Adjustment or In-
Suspense 2,325 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks running
one jeair .or less. $23,219 26; reinsur-
ance 59 per cent 11,609 83
Gross premiums on Fire Risks running
more than one year, $3,144 82; reinsur-
ance pro rata ". ->... 2,740 "5
All other liabilities 7.408 35
Total Liabilities ...$ 24,114 97
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums ;.'-:v*v 8,708 27
Received for Interest and dividends on -
Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from all
other sources • 2,325 00
Received for surplus, as per entrance
statement •' 100,000 00
Total Income ....$106.123 27
EXPENDITURES.
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage • ••••• $905 84
Paid ,for. Salaries, Fees, and other ,
charges for officers, clerks, etc 4,072 73
Paid i for State, National, and local
t£LX6S ,,...••.••••*••••••*•*••*••••••*** 5j 5y
All other payments and expenditures.. 13,777 22
Total Expenditures $17,795 27
Fire.
Losses incurred during the year;.. $2.356 93
Risks and Premiums. |Flre Risks.) Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $3,589,585 $30,31111
Net .amount of Risks
expired during the
year..... 248,050 1,99181
Net amount ln force
December 31. 1898 3.124,723 26,464 08
F. G. VOSS. Vice Pres,
J. M. SMITH. Sec.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 26tb
day of January, 1899.
• • . EDWIN F. COREY,
Commissioner for California.
VOSS, CONRAD & CO,
General Managers, 208 Sansome Street,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Bt^ Steamers leave Broadw-vy
jf^rn^ wharf, San Franclsco.
_EJg_Wv For Alaskan ports, 10 a.m..;
HpßeJMfc ° ct -3> 8 - 13 ' 18 ' a - 2S: NiiV '
J _ff fWfJ**^ 2 > change at Seattle.
X fßy|H W^ For Victoria . Vancouver?
IfS ft_j<g_| (B. C.),. Port Townsend. So-
Jj^^*SK§w§%\ attle, Tacoma. Everett, An?-
cortes and New Whatcom
:.': T " a (Wash.), 10 a. m., Oct. 3. 8.
13, 18. 23. 23: Nov. J, and
every fifth day thereafter; change at Seattle-
to this company's steamers for Alaska arvj
G N Ry : at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.: at Van-
couver to c. P. Ry. ijti _ ; '
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. get.
6, 11. 16. 21. 26, 31; Nov. 5 and every ai-a
day thereafter. "7 _,
Fcr Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Flmeoit.
Cayucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo.
Gaviota. Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) anl
Newport, 9 a. m.. Oct. 3. 7. 11. 15. 19 23. 2,, ill
Nov. 4, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port P>v».
' ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Pari
I Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 1. a.
: mJ, Oct 5, 9. 13. 17. 21.. 25. 29; Nov. 2. and every
fourth day thereafter. .
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jos- rt"i.
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month. _.._,,*_.
For further Information obtain a frwder.
The company reserves the right to chang*
without previous notice steamers, sailing date*
and hours of snfUne-. „", ': __
TICKET OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). -
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market st.. San Francis-"!.
THE 0. R. & ft. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAicrt)
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. ro.-.
CADE $'2 First Class Including Bertb
IAnC &8 Second Class Meals.
: COLUMBIA Oct. 20, 30; Nov. 9. 19, 29.
! STATE OF CAL1F0RN1A........ '
Oct. 25; Nov. 4. 14, 24.
I Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane, RUtte
i Helena and all points in the Northwest.
I Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Asrent.
-.7.-7 630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
KEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St Paul Oct. 11l St Paul Nov. 9
New York Oct. 25 New Y0rk. ......N0v.. .5
St. Louis Nov. St. L0ui5. ...... Nov. 23
RED! STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon. .
' Westernland ...Oct. ISI Frlesland Nov. 8
Kensington ....Oct. 25- Southwark Nov. ]3
Nordland Nov. I| Westernland ...Nov. 23
EMPIRE LINE.
- Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City. - :
For full Information regarding freight and
, ; . passage apply to . "
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St.. or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISfII
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
1 India, etc. No cargo received on board on' day
of sailing. • '>.--;
AMERICA-MARU. Saturday, October 14
HONGKONG-MARU. .Wednesday, November 1
NIPPON-MART' Saturday. November 25
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
i W. H. AVERY. General Ager.L
COMPA GENERALS TRANSATLANTIQUE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. j._^^
Sailing every Thursday Instead of 4,'TffrfN
] Saturday, from November 2. 1899, at Sj'M!iM»
. 10 a. m. from Pier 42, North River, foot of
, Morton st. LA GASCOGNE. Oct. 21; LA
: BRETAGNE. Oct. 2S: LA TOURAINE. Nov.
2; LA CHAMPAONE. Nov. 9: LA NORMAN-
DIE, Nov. 16; LA GASCOGNE, Nov. 23; LA
TOURAINE. Nov. 30; LA BRETAGNE, Dec. 7.
Flrst-class to Havre, $60 and upward: 5 per
cent reduction on round trir>. Second-class to
Havre. $45; 5 per cent reduction on round trip.
! GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson build-
i ing). New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pa-
! cifio Coast . Agents, . 5 Montgomery aye., San
; Franclsco.. . .. \y.y. [:- y-
*_d_WS^____\Xa__\_l_\___\f_ The s - s - Australia
JS>^*®^g|*^y|_jr sails for Honolulu
_\W JktT^^ tW Wednesday, October
Pflßfli__n!tf IS. at S. S. Australia
EQm| r sails for Honolulu
rnsll* Wednesday. October
™ 18, at 2 p. m.
fH. JfcS'STa^/'^ I ' A " S. 9. M>ana sails
IfcSaNsJ SlP^m^ninJ ,ia Honolulu and
2Scfe_7Cy» ' l Auckland for Sydney
OS*2^ /SfTIRRI7U~ Wednesday, Nov. L
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
i Samoa, New Zealand. Australia, India. Suez.
: England, etc.; $610 first class.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. j Freight 0»r". 327 Market St.
BAY AND BIVER STEAMEKS.
"forTsTnavy-yard and vallejo.
Steamer "Monticello."
j MON Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
■ a m. 8:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night), Fri-
days,' 1 P- m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m., 1
' p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508. •;
1 FARE • 60«
1314
GOAT'S MEAT
SUBSTITUTED
TOO MUTTON
Fed to County Hos
pital Inmates.
■ ♦ —
CONTRACTORS ARE ACCUSED
♦
_
STARTLING DISCOVERY BY IN
SPECTOR WTTZEMANN.
«
Eoard of Health Will Take Action
Against Hoffmann & Wonne,
Who Supplied the Con
demned Meat.
The startling discovery was made yes
terday morning by Chief Market In- ]
spector N. F. Witzemann that the in- '
mates of the City and County Hospital :
Were being fed on goat's flesh instead of I
mutton, as the result of the substitution
by the firm of Hoffmann & Woenne, who '
have the contract for furnishing the in- '
stitution with mutton.
Witzemann has been recently appointed
and has proved himself very energetic
In the performance of his duties, and with
that end in view went out to the hospital
to Inspect the meat. As he was passing i
through the kitchen he detected a pc- i
culiar odor and asked the cook what it i
was. The latter replied that it was mut- I
ton. Two legs were cooking in the pan j
nnd hanging close by was another leg
and a side, which Inspector Wltxemann
immediately confiscated, having first as-
Bur«-d himself that it was goat's meat In
stead of mutton. Witzemann is of the
opinion that the substitution has been go- :
ing on for a long time and that the con- \
tractors are liable on their bonds.
Witzemann came into town with the j
condemned goat meat and Stopped at the
•tore of Hoffmann & Woenne, on Market
Street near Third, and showed Hoffman ,
the meat. He said.
"What do you think of that meat?"
Hoffmann, who of course did not recog
nize tho meat In its dressed condition
os that which he had supplied, but recog
nizing the fact that it was goat's meat.
said;
"Well, the man who did that ought to !
be hoi hipped."
"Well." said Witzemann, "you're that '.
man. for that is the meat you have been ;
furnishing the City and County Hospital '
for mutton."
Hoffmann realized that he was cleverly S
caught, and blurted out:
"I do not know whether it is mutton
or goat. But even if it is goat, ain't it
wholesome?"
Witzemann did not discuss the tier
any further, but reported it to Health
Officer Lawler, who will bring it up at
the next meeting of the board, when some j
action will undoubtedly be taken.
VERDICT OF ACCIDENT
IN THE MEYER CASE
INSULATION WORN OFF THE j
LIVE WIRE.
Deceased Put His Hand Upon the Fa
tal Break and Was Killed In
stantly by the Tremendous
Current.
Coroner Ulll held an Inquest yesterday !
morning upon the body of Arnold Isidore !
Meyer, who was killed by a live wire at j
100T4 Market street October 13. The Jury j
returned a verdict of accident and made '
no comment upon the facts brought out I
by the testimony.
J. A. McGinley, after telling the Jury
how the accident occurred, replied to va
rious questions as to the Insulation of the
wires. He said that he could not say that
any wire In this city was perfectly Insul
ated, although it was possible to insulate
wire perfectly. If the Insulation had been
perfect in this case deceased mid not
have been Injured at all by taking hold
of the live wire that killed him. Bo far as
the witness was concerned ho would not
put his hand on any live wire in this city
no matter how well lt appeared to be In
sulated, but he had often done so when
i bilged by the necessities of his employ
ment as a telephone expert.
Every time a man touched a live wire
he took his life; into his hands. Live wires
are subject to abrasions by rubbing
against buildings and other wires, and the
insulation is often overcome by the ero
sion of the weather. He did not observe
any abrasion on the wire that killed the
oeceased. It was eighteen inches away
from the wall.
George A\ . Swinehard testified that
there was an exposed or worn spot in the
Insulation material of the wire at the
place upon which Meyer laid his hand
There was another bare spot in the samo
wire a few feet away. On the night of the
para.de in honor of the returning Califor
nia regiment his little boy, sitting at the
fame window, put out his hand and
touched the wire, but his hand was im
mediately jerked back by his mother Th->
child's fingers were burned by the current
C. O. Poole, superintendent of the elec
trical department, testified that Swine
hard bad not mentioned anything to him
fcbout the bare spot in the wire.
The jury returned a verdict that the de
ceased had met his death as the result of
an accident.
HOSPITAL EXPENSES
SUBJECT OF INQUIRY
DRUGS THAT WERE PAID FOR
WITH DOUBLE PRICE.
Grand Jury Considers the City and
County Hospital Expenditure
in Relation to Allowance.
The Grand Jury met yesterday after
noon, all but five out of the nineteen
members being present. The charges
brought against the City and County
Hospital officials for exceeding the ex
pense allowance was considered and a
number of witnesses were examined.
Dr. Gustave E. Sussdorf, ex-superin
tendent of the hospital, was questioned
ln regard to the working of the institu
tion. He testified that he did not look
Into the price paid for goods, only to see
whether they were received or not
Dr. Washington Dodge was called, and
he testified that he ..could run the institu
tion on $95,000 a year. When asked
whether there was any chance for swin
dling, he thought there was. and said
much could be saved by having a steward
■who is a competent judge of goods Dr
R. ■-'■ Payne and Dr. Hodghead also Rave*
Information concerning the workings of
the hospital. b
The most startling testimony wai that
of William M. Hickman, who was for a
long time druggist at the hospital He
claimed that there was an overcharge of
60 per cent on the extracts and pills- also
that there was no real bid for drugs
The board will meet again to continue
its investigations on Thursday afternoon
at 2 o'clock.
Consideration of the school scandal de
tails of which were lately published by
The Call, was postponed.
Fishermen on the Fight.
Four of the fishmonger fraternity have
got into a serious difficulty with the
State Fish Commission. Last Saturday
Deputy C. A. Vogelsang visited the Union
Fish Market and discovered a box of
salmon in the possession of two fellows
named Oust! and Sposito, a violation of
the law which prohibits the taking or
possessing of these fish until Saturday
night. Mr. Vogelsang 'seized the catch
and was taking it away when he was set
upon by the two. aided by several of their
fellow ' employes. Not being of large
stature he was no match for the half
dozen brawny fishermen, who hurled him
aside and carried off the box of fish.
Yesterday the six were arrested on
charges of having salmon in their pos
session during the closed season and of
assaulting and interfering with an officer
in the discharge of his duty. Bail was
fixed at *200 in each cab*
EMPORIUM MANAGEMENT
ENTERTAINS EMPLOYES
C-_. .HE -hundreds of employes of the Emporium and
Golden Rule Bazaar danced last night to their
hearts' content and the management paid the
( _i piper— ln this, instance Professor John Mar
quardt's Emporium orchestra. The great doors
to the big establishment were closed to the public at 6
o'clock and opened afterward only to admit the gay com
pany of workers, come to enjoy the hospitality of em
ployers.
The occasion was the second annual ball tendered by
the management to its army of helpers, and as on the
former occasion nothing was left undone to add to the
evening's enjoyment. The great dome, around which
the dance was to move, was brilliantly lighted and the
first and second floors were set off with cut flow-ers and
potted palms and ferns. In the cafe were set scores of
inviting tables, sided over by daintily- clad waitresses.
Above ln the band stand was the dynamo of the dance,
the orchestra.
No prettier place for such a function could be imag
ined. Even with the vast horde that puts i's shoulder to
the wheel in the great establishment there was not the
slightest chance of crowding or overheating or becom
ing uncomfortable. The broad circle of newly waxed
tloor around the dome seemed Ike an Invitation to waltz
forever, and the commodious carpet room held a similar
temptation for those preferring to "dawnce the lawn
cers."
That the employes appreciated the courtesy of the
management was noticeable In the early arrivals and in
the thorough enjoyment manifested all through the
night and just a wee bit into the next work day. And
the young men and women of the Emporium make a
good looking throng. Of course last night they were
looking their best and they were an enjoyable sight to
see. The girls in their dainty and becoming gowns had
no suggestion in their make-ups of that primness which
is supposed i" be requisite for handmaidens of commerce.
They had left that all behind at 6 o'clock in the evening
PERJURY CHARGES AGAINST
BERT A. HERRINGTON
TECHNICAL POINTS REGARDING
ACCEPTANCE OF BONDS.
Preliminary Examination Begins
• Before Judge Graham and De
velops a Peculiar Situation.
The preliminary examination of Bert ...
Herrington, ex-District Attorney of Santa
Clara County, charged with perjury on
the complaint of P. H. Bryant of the
Good Government League of San Jose,
was commenced before Judge Graham
yesterday. The defendant was repre
sented by Attorneys B. E. Cothran and
H. C. Moore of San Jose, ' and W. S.
Barnes. Herrington . was one of the
I sureties on the bonds of Ruby Raymond
of San Jose, and the alleged perjury con
sisted of the fact that he swore he owned
property in Monterey County of the value
of $14,000, free from incumbrance, whereas
it was mortgaged. .
Judge Mogan was the first witness, and
i he testified to the woman Raymond being
in his court and being held to answer. In
cross-examination he said that the
original complaints against the woman,
and on which the warrants were issued
for her arrest and the bonds accepted for
her release, had been withdrawn and new
ones substituted.
Judge Treadwell testified -to accepting
the bonds and that he believed then, as he
! believes now, that they were good. He
i simply asked Herrington if he were a
freeholder and was; worth $5000. He did
; not ask him if the contents of the bonds
were true. Attorney Cothran then moved
that the case be dismissed on the ground
thai Herrington had simply sworn that
jhe was a freeholder and worth $5000,
which was true, and anything else in the
affidavit was Irrelevant and immaterial.
The Judge reserved his decision on the
motion.
Prosecuting Attorney Wentworth said
he could not proceed further, as he was
unable to see the original complaints In
the Ruby Raymond cases, as Sergeant
McDonald, their custodian, was out of the
city. He admitted that If the original
complaints did not state a public offense
had been committed, the case would have
to' be dismissed, as the bonds on which
perjury was alleged were not necessary.
The case was continued til! this morning.
Will Observe St. Luke's Day.
St. Luke's day will be observed with
special musical service this evening by
St. Stephen's Episcopal church. The full
vested choir, under the direction of the
organist. Roscoe Warren Lucy, will be
assisted by Herr Karl Becker, an eminent
violinist, and Mrs. Edgar I. Malmgren,
soprano. The following music will be
rendered: "Magnificat" and "Nunc Di
mittis" "King-Hall,; "Be Thou With Me"
(Hiller), Mrs. Malmgren; "Lo! Summer
Comes Again" (J. Stalner). the first ren
dition on this coast; "Power and Love"
! (Gounod). Mrs. Partington; largo for the
j violin ("Handel) Herr Becker; also solos
by Messrs. Rainey and Bird.
! Weary brains, headaches, sleepless
; nest quickly cured Baldwin's Celery Soda. 10c.
His Reference.
Chief (to commercial traveler seeking
a plate)— you know how to talk up
goods to customers?
Applicant— Allow me to turn on this
phonograph with a conversation be
tween a customer and myself.Flleg
ende Blatter.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, -WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 18. 1599.
to come out and be butterflies of fashion for a few
merry hours.
The music for the first dance was sounded at 9
o'clock, and from that time on till after midnight, when
the last of eighteen numbers had been stepped off, the
merriest time imaginable was had, with pleasant Inter
missions for little bites and many opportunities for little
tetes-a-tetes. It was. apparent that the enjoyment of all
was complete. The spirit of gladness and of that family
feeling between employers and employed which just such
occasions intensify was manifest on all sides. The man
agement overlooked no opportunity to enhance the pleas
ure of its guests, and the employes testified by their
looks and actions that it all was appreciated.
During the course of the evening the directors of the
Emporium and Golden Rule Bazaar appeared on the
scene and took part in the enjoyment. They were: Mr.
and Mrs. M. H. Hecht, Mr. and Mrs. Albert Dernham,
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Dernham, Mr. and Mrs. Andrew M.
Davis, Mr. and Mrs. F. W. Dohrmann, Mr. and Mrs. W.
Kaufmann and A. B. C. Dohrmann.
Superintendent A. H. Martin looked after the general
comfort of all, J. G. Frazer acted as floor manager and
the following gentlemen constituted the reception and
floor committees: F. B. Hlnk, C. J. White, W. Dundas,
G. Palmer, C. C. Maedonald, Martin Flnberg. J. P.
Averill, Joseph Kelly, W. A. O'Toole. Harry Mayers, P.
Somen, Dormer Walsh, Fred Clarke, H. M. Bryan,
Joseph Lelkens, D. Magee, C. F. Peterson, Fred G Har
per, J. Wichelhauser, James E. Field. S. R. Williams F
G. Andrews, Charles Hyneman, S. 11. Knapp G ' B*
Crawford, Phil Puritan, W. A. B. Nash, Fred ' Owl
Bert Kahn and Louis Lipman. * '
"Cash" was not present. The management consid
ered his tender years and his general inability to dance
and provided another way ln which he could partake of
the general hospitality. Each of him. to the number of
200, was provided with a box or orchestra seat at the
Orpheum and there In a bunch he enjoyed everything on
the bill: To-day he will probably be telling his elders at
the Emporium that they were "not so warm "
RAILROAD MEN
SCRAMBLE FOR
SUTRO'S LINE
Sold to the Sutter-
Street Company.
REASONABLE FIGURE IS PAID
STETSON MADE THE BIDDING
EXTREMELY LIVELY.
Adolph Sutro's railroad, the machine
that brought the Market-street Railway
Company to Its knees and reduced all the
fares to the beach to 5 cents, -has passed
Into the hands of the Sutter-street Rail
way Company. Yesterday morning the
Sutro road was placed on sale in Judge
Coffey's court. After spirited bidding for
half an hour R. F. Morrow, president .of
the Sutter-street road, triumphed, and
the sale of the property was confirmed to
him for thefsum of $215,000. About $116,000
of this amount will be used for the pur
pose of liquidating the debts of the Sutro
road, however, which * were assumed .by
Mr. Morrow by express agreement When
he purchased the road.
When the matter of the sale of the road
was taken up by Judge Coffey yesterday
morning President J. B. Stetson of the
California-street Railway Company put In
a bid 0f. 5178,000, an increase of $19,000 over
the original bid made by the Sutter-street
company. Attorney Friedenrich, who
represented Mr. Morrow, objected to the
bid on the ground that it was not made
in good faith, and' Intimated that al
though Mr. Stetson was the president of
the California-street "company, he was
bidding for the road on behalf of the
Market-street company. Testimony was
then introduced with the object in view
of showing that the interests of the es
tate would suffer if the road fell into the
hands of the Market-street company.
Thomas Magee, the well-known real es
tate agent, said that in his opinion an op
position line to the beach should be main
tained if the interests of the Sutro estate
were to be considered, and said
that he believed the estate would profit
if the Sutter-street company came into
possession of the road on a bid $50,000
below that offered by any other company.
E. B. Pond testified that he offered the
road to Mr." Stetson, but that he refused
to bid. Hence the, belief that he repre
sented the Market-street company during
the" sale proceedings ln court. After Mrs.
Merritt had testified that in her opinion
the California-street company had re
fused transfer connections during the
building of the road, Mr. Stetson was
called to the stand. He confessed that
he had once asked H. E. Huntington why
he did not buy the road, and had also
conferred with Superintendent Lynch of
the Market-street company. Mr. Stetson
then lost his temper. He said that he had
made a bid for the road and was prepared
to pay the amount offered and saw no
reason why he should be catechised. .
R. H. Lloyd, who represented the ex
ecu tors of the Sutro estate, then said that
all he desired was to protect the interests
or the estate, and then the court ordered
the sale to proceed.
Attorney Frledenrich then objected to
Mr. Stetson's bid on the ground that It
was made too late, but the court held
otherwise. "Mr. Stetson's bid is 1178.000."
said Judge Coffey, "do I hear any other
$™ nnn n^V " riede " r,t * raised the bid to
JIMJ.iiOO, and by spurts the amount offered
W l nt i« u i ) to «205.000. Here Mr. Stetson
asked for a continuance that he might
consult his confreres, but it was objected
to. Mr. Stetson then offered $206,000. and
the opposing bidder went $4000 better
Mr. Stetson raised the bid $1000 and then
demanded further time. President Mor
mir f ™ C^ r 3? re S entatlve then .lumped to
$^10.000 and the battle was won. Stetson
hurried to a phone, held a short con
ference with his backers, and. returning
into court announced that he had no
further bid to offer. Judge Coffey then
confirmed the sale of the road for $215 -
TOO and it passed Into the hands of the
Sutter-street company.
Lecture by Rev. M. S. Levy.
Rev. M. S. Levy will to-night lecture in
B'nal B'rlth Hall on "A Trip to the Ha
waiian Islands," illustrated with stere
opticon views. The lecture will mark the
third reception of the season tendered by
the committee on intellectual advance
ment to the members of the Independent
Order* of B'nal B'rith and their lamalies.
1146 MARKET STREET.
NEW STORE!
NEWGOODS!
We beg to call the attention of the public to
the following goods just received and placed on sale.
20 pieces 58-INCH IMPORTED VENETIAN CLOTH In Tan
Drab, Navy Blue, Royal Blue, Castor. Golden Brown Black
and Military Blue. These goods will be placed on sale at
$4.50 Yard.
They are positively good value for $5.50 yard. A
Suits made to order. Highest Grade imported cloth, Silk Lined
neatly finished. 7'-7'yy } 7;:v>"7 ;i7
PHce, $42.50.
Cannot be duplicated in any house for less than $55.00 Perfect
fit guaranteed. Ladles should not fail to see this suit before
purchasing. ' , : . -
-
J.O'BRIEN&CO.
1146 Market Street,
Between Taylor and Mason.
REGENTS HAND
IN HAND WITH
THE PRESIDENT
Wheeler Sits With the
Board.
— — *
MAKES HIS OFFICIAL BOW
•
HIS RECOMMENDATIONS FIND
IMMEDIATE FAVOR.
*
Many Changes in the Medical Col
lege — Wilmerdlng School In
structors Named — Inaug
ural Exercises.
At their very first official opportunity
since the arrival of President Ben
jamin Ide Wheeler to take charge
of the University of California the
Regents hastened to do everything
possible to assure him that they
meant what they said when they told him
that he would have their fullest assist
ance and sympathy in his new office. At
the meeting of the board yesterday after
noon at the Hopkins Institute he had only
to offer a suggestion to have the board
vote unanimously in its favor. He made
numerous recommendations for the reor
ganization of the medical college. They
were joyfully adopted. He asked for a
private secretary to help lighten the presi
dential burdens. The board empowered
him to employ one at a salary of $1000 a
year. He made several recommendations
for the appointment of instructors at the
Wilmerdlng School and they were con
curred in, despite the fact that the pro
fessor of blacksmithing will get a larger
salary than the instructor in arithmetic
and trigonometry. Slight changes recom
mended in title- and salary in other de
partments of the university were also
adopted.
In return for all this nice treatment
President Wheeler was generousness per
sonified. He announced his intention of
reviving the lnstructorshlp in ancient his
tory, now unfilled, in order to do this, he
said, he would assume the role of instruc
tor for the second half of this college
year and recommended that the board se
lect for the position, beginning July 1.
1900, with a salary of $1000, William Scott
Ferguson, Ph.D., now in Europe. The
recommendation was adopted.
The meeting was called for the purpose
of considering the formal inauguration of
Presidenl Wheeler. The committee to
which the arrangements had been referred
reported, recommending as speakers for
the occasion President Daniel C. Oilman
of Johns Hopkins University, President
David Starr Jordan of Stanford and Re
gent A. S. Hallidie. The inauguration ex
ercises will take place on the campus at
Berkeley October 26, beginning at - p. m.
The sum of $700 was voted to defray the
expenses of the Inauguration.
President and Mrs. Gilman will arrive
hece on the evening of October 23, and
after participating in the inaugural exer
cises at Berkeley will be the guests of
Mrs. Hearst at Pleasanton, October 27.
They will remain in California two weeks.
It was moved at the meeting that a recep
tion be tendered them at the Hopkins In
stitute. The chair appointed Regents
Denicke and Hellman and President
Wheeler on a committee to arrange a
suitable date.
The Regents also accepted an Invitation
extended on behalf of the Alumni Asso
ciation by Dr. d'Ancona, W. A. Beatty,
George Edwards and Herbert Dam to
take part in a banquet at the Palace Ho
tel to President Wheeler on the night of
his inauguration. A banquet in honor of
Mrs. Wheeler will be given the same
evening by the wives of the Regents and
the j'oiing ladies of the university.
The finance committee's report recom
mending an additional appropriation of
$6500 tor the enlargement of the Harmon
Gymnasium, making the total $10,000, was
carried. Regents Hearst an.; Hallidie br
ing excused from voting. Regent Denicke
explained before the vote was taken that
the gymnasium, to be enlarged as it
should be to accommodate commencement
day crowds, would cost $20,000. Under the
appropriation as increased it will only seat
2100.
The following recommendations of Pres
ident Wheeler were adopted:
W. L. Jepson, promoted from Instructor to
assistant professor in botany; W. C. Merriam.
promoted from Instructor to assistant professor
of paleontology and historic geology; T. W.
Page and K. C. Babcock. promoted from In
structors to assistant professors In history;
A. i". Dawson, from associate to full professor
In mineralogy and geology; P. G. Nutting,
frcm student assistant to assistant in physics:
Newell Perry, from assistant to Instructor in
mathematics. increase of salary from $500 to
$1000; A. E. Chandler, made graduate assistant
in civil engineering; E. N. Prouty, promoted
to instructor In civil engineering; H. H. Hirst,
granted year's leave of absence without pay.
In the Wilmerding School, beginning No
vember l. 1899: J. A. Landerville, Instructor in
cabinet making, at $1200; if. J. Lindberg, in
structor in blacksmlthlng, $1200; a. XV. Gray,
Instructor in arithmetic, etc., $1000: Felix
Peano, instructor in principles of art, $750.
In the medical department:
Dr. Thomas W. Huntington, associate pro
fessor of clinical and operative surgery; Dr.
John M. Williamson, professor of genitoJ
urinary surgery; Dr. Harry M. Sherman, pro
fessor of principles and practice of surgery;
Dr. Alonzo K. Taylor, assistant director of the
Pepper Laboratory of the University of
Pennsylvania, as professor of pathology; Dr.
Herbert C. Moffltt, lecturer on the principles
and practice of medicine; Dr. J. Henry Barbat
instructor in surgery and surgical anatomy;
Dr. Wallace I. Terry, assistant in clinical sur
gery: Dr. Robert I. Legge. assistant in materia
medica; Dr. Edward yon Adelung, Instructor
in nervous diseases; Dr. Stephen Cleary and
Dr. C, D. McGettlgan. demonstrators of
anatomy; Dr. John C. Spencer, resignation
from the chair of pathology and histology ac
cepted.
The following reappointments were made,
Dr. Leo Newmark, clinical lecturer on nervous
diseases; Dr. William J. Hawkins, instructor
In physiology: Dr. Richard M. H. Berndt, In
structor in therapeutics: Dr. Thomas B. W.
Iceland, Instructor in physiology; Dr. Philip
Mills Jones. Instructor In electro-therapeutics
■ •..-■' • ' - :-,. v- **•': .-.- - - . ■■•■ ■.::.■". ■■-.■■
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LACE CDRTAIN
DEPARTMENT.
During the past week we re-
ceived six cases of FINE LACE
CURTAINS and CURTAIN NETS,
and on Mondau, October 16th, we
will exhibit an elegant assortment
of these goods,
500 pairs FINE LACE CURTAINS, White and Ecru, in
imitation of BATTENBERG, IRISH a* aa n n . r
POINT and FISH NET MiUU ralli
500 pairs FINE LACE CURTAINS, White and Ecru, in
imitation of MARIE ANTOINETTE, ai aa n Q : r
renaissance and PARIS POINT.. 04-iUU ralli
500 pairs FINE LACE CURTAINS, White and Ecru, In
imitation of BRUSSELS LACE, POINT Ar aa n .
de CALAIS and SPANISH LACE OJiUU Talli
The ahove Curtains come in ahout 40 different
designs at each price, and are the hest values we
have ever offered.
111, 113. 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
and librarian; Dr. James F. McCone. in
structor In obstetrics; Dr. Hugh Lagan, as
sistant in clinical surgery; Dr. Charles L.
Morgan, instructor In materia medlca; Dr.
Henry A. L. Rvfkogel, Instructor in bacteri
ology, director of the clinical laboratory and
assistant curator.
Following were appointed clinicians in the
out-patient department: -
On medicine— Chief of clinic. Dr. Henry R.
A Kugeler: assistants— Dr. Marshall R. Ryer,
Dr. James P. H. Dunn, Dr. Harold Brunn.
fin genito-urinary surgery— Dr. John M. Wil
liamson, Dr. John C. Spencer; assistant. Dr.
Cecil M. Armstead. -' . "* ■ _
Eye and ear ciinic— Dr. George H. Powers:
chief of clinic. Dr. George W. Merritt; as
sistants—Dr. Hugh Lagan, Dr. Robert H. Orr,
Dr. Grace Feder. ' _ '•
On nose and throat clinic— Dr. George H.
Powers: assistant, Dr. Gardner P. Pond.
On gynecology— Dr. Charles A. yon Hoff
mann; chief of clinic. Dr. James F. McCone;
assistant. Dr. Marshall B. Ryer.
On diseases of the skin— Dr. Douglass XV.
Montgomery; assistants— Dr. Alfred B. Gross,
Dr. Ernest Pring.
On orthopoedlc surgery— of clinic. Dr.
Samuel J. Hunkln. Dr. Henry dv R. Phelan;
assistants— Dr. John J. Flood. Dr. Eleanor M.
Stow. „ „,.
On nervous Assistant. Dr. Edward
yon Adelung Jr.
Director of clinical laboratory— Dr. Henry A.
__ Rylkoeel.
President Wheeler stated that the rec
ommendations had been made on the sug
gestion of the clean. Dr. d'Ancona, and he
felt that the changes would mark a new
beginning which would lead to great
things.
On President Wheeler's recommendation
also it was agreed that the connection of
Professors Ardley and Bailey with the
university be discontinued after the pres
ent academic year.
A committee composed of Regents
Denicke. Houghton and Pardee was ap
pointed to arrange for a portrait of Mar
tin Kellogg, former president of the uni
versity. _________________________________________________
RUSSIAN EXILE HAS
FEARS FOR HIS LIFE
Paul Malnicoff Troubled by a Noc
turnal Visitor in His Residence
on Natoma Street.
Paul Malnicoff, a Russian, who was
banished from his native land to Siberia
about twelve years ago, and who later
escaped to San Francisco, has fears for
his life. He claims that some mysteri
| ous nocturnal visitor, whom he suspects I
jof being a subject of the Czar, climbs :
j over his roof nightly with the Intention of j
assassinating him when the opportunity j
! presents Itself. The trespassing stranger, j
| he says, carries a dark lantern, the rays
j of which he sends through the skylight i
! and into the room occupied by Malnicoff j
I and his wife.
i Twelve years ago Malnicoff was a stu
, dent in one of the Russian colleges. He j
' exercised the right of free speech and in- i
I curred the displeasure of the Russian
j ruler. His exile to Siberia followed and i
; he remained there until four years ago,
when he made his escape and came to ]
this City. 77 7 :■• ■;:■: |
Since his arrival here his peace of mind \
has been disturbed by several queer oc
currences. On one occasion he became
suspicious of food which was served to j
: him in a certain house and refused to eat
it. Instead he fed the stuff to two dogs,
i both ot which died a short while after
i ward. Since he has been residing at his
present address, lOOl'/s Natoma street, noc
turnal visits have distressed Malnicoff to
such^n extent that he now sleeps with a
rifle at the head of his bed and threat
ens to shoot the intruder when he again
makes his appearance. The exile believes
I that some one, loyal to the Czar, who has
discovered his identity, Intends making a
I target of him to satisfy Russian justice.
Booming Our Products.
At the quarterly meeting of the Cham
ber of Commerce yesterday Captain W.
L. Merry, late secretary of the chamber
and now Minister to j Guatemala, was
made an honorary member, of the body.
The chamber indorsed the movement of
the New York Merchants' Association in
the promotion of the project to establish
a permanent exhibit % of all American
products in the Eastern city. A com
mittee will be appointed to assist in carry
ing out the scheme, the purpose being to
boom the products of this State among
those from other States. yyyy
Beaten by Soldiers.
William Harrington, employed on the
', transport Newport, quarreled with three
i soldiers yesterday morning at Powell and
Ellis streets, and during the fight one of
the soldiers bit a piece out of Harring
ton's left ear. He went to the Receiving
Hospital. He and the soldiers were
drunk.
ADVEBTISEMEITTS.
B_imßcaßH__________mßi_m
Write Us
Or Call on Onr Local Agent
For a copy of the report made by
the fuel committee of the Produc-
ers' and Manufacturers' Associa-
Jon, on our
Contra Costa Property.
We are down 900 feet, and will
strike oil within 300 feet further
Irilling. "Illustrated Prospectus"
on application.
American Oil and
Refinery Company
ROOMS SM-323 PARROTT EUIUDINO,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAU
Oakland Agents — O'ROUKE &
JACKSON, 1002 Broadway.
free m §■
| Treatment and Medicine sb §
Catarrh, Deafness, a §_£|
: NOISES in EARS. CHROAT « ~ S/gm
and LUNG DISEASES given gpgVl
I free to .show the superior N^ t 'yjj|
I merit of my New Inventions rel
and Antiseptic Treatment :|a§Sr ___M_% ■'
j that gives marvelous cures §§*5r sSgia?
' and so easy a child can Sft fifels
use it. In 2000 test cases «JV flpjjal ,
j over 95 per cent cured. Best $9
jof references ar.d hundreds efi __§___■'<?
of indorsements. But the best Jk.-«aHK\
Is to try It and be convinced I____§!S§_*sS>
while you can. I ™ r^" , , , i
foHHeVtuW?" 6 Week - <*" at one. or writ.
DR. COTTINGHAM,
632 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
Hours-9-12 a. m.; 1-3 and 7-8 p. m
NO SUNDAY HOURS.
Everything
that's Beautiful
in
Chinaware.
Great Left Over Sale
Prices Away Down.
You'll Say So,
When You See Prices.
(xreat'AmßilcanlmpoFtißQ: Tea Go.
Stores Everywhere.
ioo Stores.