VOLUME LXXXVI-NO. TO.
DREYFUS IS BREAKING DOWN
UNDER THE MENTAL STRAIN
General Mercier or Former President Cassimir-Perier to Be Arrested
for Perjury.
0 v . _ .
RENNES, Aug. S.— The police ar- i
rangements in the vicinity of the j
Lycee this morning were exactly
the same as those of yesterday,
but not more than a hundred
persons had gathered at the early
hour— 6: CO o'clock— fixed for the open
ing of the day's -dings in the trial
of Captain Dreyfus. The prisoner was i
conducted to the Lycee at 6:15, and ex- j
actly the same precautions were ob- '
served as on yesterday. As soon as
Dreyfus was inside th Lycee, how- j
ever, the police cordons were removed j
and the few spectators were allowed I
to circulate freely in the streets around j
the building.
No demonstration was made upon the
arrival on foot of Main- Laborie or
Maitre De Mange, counsel for Dreyfus,
or the members of the court-martial or
of General < 'hanoim formerly Minister
of War, who attends the court to give
necessary explanations as to the secret
dossier.
General Chamoine appeared in uni
form. He was accompanied by an
officer carrying a leather wallet,
in which were General Chamoine's
notes and other papers referring to the
dossier, which itself remains in a
strong-box in a room contiguous to the
courtroom. This strong-box is guarded
night and day by an officer specially
detailed for this duty.
The secret session lasted until 11:45,
when the court adjourned until to-mor
row morning. The day passed quietly.
There was a much larger crowd than
yesterday assembled in the hope of ob
taining a view of Dreyfus during the
ten seconds occupied by him in crossing
the avenue on his way to the Lycee
•from his prison. During the sitting
the crowd, numbering about 2000 per
sons, and composed purely of sight
seers, was allowed to pass, freely be
fore the Lycee until a few moments
before Dreyfus emerged. Then the
chief of the gendarmie made a sign to
his assistant, who blew a whistle. Be
fore the shrill sound had ceased the
Found of hoofs was heard and a strong
guard of mounted gendarmes, a mo
ment later followed by gendarmes on
foot, galloped into the avenue from a
side street and divided into two de
tachments stretching across the ave
nue and cleared a space of "- 11 " yards
in front of the Lycee. The horsemen
rode on the sidewalks, clearing every
body out. Even the newspaper men
were driven away. Then a detachment
of infantry, headed by a bugler,
dashed up at double line and formed
across the avenue from the door of the
Lycee to the postern gate of the Manu
tentlon- The soldiers were stationed
shoulder to shoulder, facing outward
toward the spectators and behind the
mounted gendarmes a hundred yards
off.
Soon afterward somebody shouted, I
"Here he is," and the spectators, many j
of whom had come from neighboring
towns expressly to see Dreyfus, craned
their necks and stood on tiptoe, hoping
to catch a view of the famous prisoner j
as, preceded and followed by gen- ,
darmes and with a captain of gen- :
darmes beside him, he passed through :
the lane of soldiers with a quick mili- j
tary step, eyes front and with soldierly j
bearing, but with the slight, jerky
movement of the left, arm and shoul- |
der of the Continental officer, accus
tomed always to resting his hand on j
the hilt of his sword. Dreyfus, how
DREYFUS AND HIS DEFENDERS.
£ PATHS, Aug. B.— The Jour ©j ,
-»- to-day says there are grave + I ,
O contradictions in the evidence + \ ■
© of General Mercier and former © j I
+. President Cassimir-Perier be- q I
" fore the Court of Cassation, and + j
q it understands counsel for © ;
+ Dreyfus are preparing a dra- -♦■ .<
© matic coup. Counsel propose, Q j
♦ when the respective depositions +
© are presented to the court-mar- © j
+ tial, to charge either General q j
■? Mercier or M. Cassimir-Perier- +. i ,
© with perjury under article 127 © .;
*♦■ of the Military Code. An arrest ' ♦ \ ,
5 would then occur instantly. +. i ,
© while the accused is still in the © I •
*** witness-box. _ qj :
<§♦_♦ ©♦©♦©♦©♦©♦©♦© ♦ o ♦©♦©♦'# I
ever, being under arrest, is deprived of j .
his sword. The crowd just perceived j
the prisoner's head and shoulders as he j
passed by the gaps between the heads j
of the infantrymen, whose red kepis,
dark-blue tunics and bright-red, baggy j .
trousers threw a band of color across j.
the roadway. Less than a minute was
occupied in crossing the roadway, and j
immediately after Dreyfus .reached the :
wall of the Manutention, the postern ;
gate' was thrown open and he disap
peared wfthin. j
The shrill whistle was again heard,
then the gendarmes wheeled around j
and galloped back to their barracks,
the crowd quickly dispersed and in a
few minutes the vicinity of the Lycee
was almost deserted.
In the meanwhile Colonel Jouaust
and the other members of the court
martial, Major Carriere, the official
representative of the Government, and
General Chamoine, all in full uniform, j
jas yesterday, left the Lycee. by the j'
main portal, the crowd saluting them I
respectfully. * j
The condition of Dreyfus is disquiet
ing. His wonderful will power alone is,
j lending him strength to go through the j
• present ordeal. Physically he is ex
tremely weak. His stomach re
i fuses all solid food ■ and he is able j'
to take ; only milk. His family
is very anxious.
The court-martial "was able this
, morning to consider only part of. the
secret dossier. The documents were
\ submitted to the Judges in the order in
which they were classified. General j
Chamoine gave lucid explanations of J
points which were not clear to* Colonel j
Jouaust. General Chamoine took the I
documents individually and explained
them. Major Carriere will later state
the conclusion he draws from the dos
sier.
Maitres Laborie and Demange, who
listened with close attention to* Gen- '
eral Chamoine's explanations, did not
enter into the discussion of the matter, :
to-day's discussion of the dossier being t
of a general character and more in the
nature of a preliminary examination.
The Temps says Dreyfus was greatly
astonished at the fact that he was
brought into the court a prisoner. He ;
believed, according to this paper, that ;
he was entering into the judicial for- I
malities of an immediate rehabilitation i
and was thanking General de Bois- j
deffre for the revision of his case. He '
said in a firm voice:
"Then it is still necessary to strug
gle?"
"Dreyfus," the Temps continues,
•'will be more surprised when he is
presented with the 300 documents con
The San Francisco Call.
tamed in the dossier on matter entirely
outside his case."
m
ACQUITTAL OF DREYFUS
MEANS MERCIER'S RUIN
General Billot May Acknowledge That
He Wronged the
Exile.
Copyrighted, 1599. by the Associated Press.
RENNES, Frence, Aug. B.— Maitre De
mange, the principal counsel for Captain !
Dreyfus, expressed himself as well !_tis- ;
fled with yesterday's proceedings. Colonel j
Jouaust had to play the part of a severe j
judge, but though his voice was rude and j
his manner rough toward the prisoner nis |
eye was kind, and there was no attempt I
to press home the points raised by the in- |
dictment. i
M. Chamoine, the custodian of the
famous secret dossier, said it would take
four days to examine it, as the examina
tion would be behind, closed doors and
most of the witnesses have gone to the
seaside General de Boisdeffre to Dinard
and General Dionne. to Param. General
Mercier remains here," the guest of Gen
eral Saint Germain, who tells his friends
to be prepared for sensational news that
must crush Dreyfus and many others with
him.
M. Cavaignac talked at Le Mars on his
way here. He said he expected two coups j
de theatre. We now hear that one will
be an avowal by General Billot that he j
said on his soul and conscience Dreyfus j
was a traitor because he was misled. The
other will be Mercier driven to bay. The i
latter will issUe from this trial ruined if !
Dreyfus is acquitted. I. hear he intends j
to throw a searchlight on the secret coun- ,
cils of the Dupuy government, of which
he was a member in 1894, and to show
what diplomatic wires were pulled be
tween the arrest of Dreyfus -and his em
barkation for Cayenne. Mercier refuses
to be interviewed. He looks bowed
down from care.
General Billot, on the other hand, seems
to have taken out a new lease of life. He
is also extremely reticent as, indeed, are
all the witnesses of note.
M. Jaures arrived last night, j He claims
to know much that is in the secret dos
sier. An Intercepted correspondence be
tween two military attaches who were
mixed up in the affair is., said by Jaures
to be a shame to human, nature. . These
two officers wrote under feminine names
and in a strain that might not have
shocked the young courtiers of Nero or
the ribald crowd that gathered around
Lot's house in the doomed city. Possibly,
nay, probably, the attaches in question
never wrote these scented anacreontic bil
lets, for such they are. Le Mercier Pick
ard was equal to the task of forging them
and he possibly did forge them for a pc
! cuniary ' consideration. Hence, perhaps,
! the mjstery in which his suicide is
! shrouded.
The counsel for Dreyfus met to-day at
his wife's residence with the heads of the
Dreyfofdte party and consulted on the
present aspect of the affair. They went
there after they had examined the docu
ments of the secret dossier in the Judges"
room. They do not see any- possibility of
repeating the judgment of 1594.
Dreyfus was greatly fatigued after
yesterday's ordeal. lie asked anxiously
to-day what the press and public thought
and was led to think that opinion is gen
erally favorable. This is true. The rep
resentatives of nationalist journals here
who judge harshly in print express ad
miration for the unflinching constancy
he has displayed. Leading personages here
for the trial have much to say about the
late General Annenkoff and Baron Fred
erick in connection with Dreyfus, but
General Mercier and M. Hanotaux, for
mer Minister of Foreign Affairs, refuse
to speak on the subject. M. Hanotaux
Continued on Second Page.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 9, 1899.
TOSSED FOR
DATS BY A,
HURRICANE
Trying' Experience of the
Bessie Stevens En
Route to Guam.
WATER SUPPLY LOST
The Vessel Was So Badly Dam
aged That She Was Obliged to
Put Into Kobe for Repairs.
VICTORIA. B. C. Aug. B.— Copies
of the Kobe Chronicle received
by the Empress of Japan con
tain interviews with Captain
Benjamin Havner and the ship's
company of the schooner Bessie Stev
ens, the vessel recently built at San
.Francisco. They had a most exciting
story to relate of adventures In a storm
encounter* July -4. The Bessie Stevens,
according to the story told by them,
left San Francisco* for Guam with .*-.
party of investigators and provisions
for the traders on the islands.
Guam was reached on June 24 and
instructions were received there to pro
ceed to Hongkong and communicate
with Manila by cable. On July 4. about
the middle of the northeast trades in
longitude 134 degree* 52 minutes east
and latitude 16 degrees 54 minutes
north, the Stevens encountered a severe
hurricane from the southeast, which
lasted for four days. The glass on the
nth fell to 29.40, which was the lowest
' reading recorded.
Captain Havner, who has been four
' teen years at ( sea, says that he has
never experienced a hurricane of such
; force. •
The waves ran. he pays, over fifty feet j
,'high. and what was worse, broke. On j
the third day of the gale an enormous
wave struck the schooner amidships
and, the ballast shifting, the vessel was ,
thrown on her beam ends. As good luck 1
would have it. no other wave struck
her while in this position, and before
the next big wave came the sailors |
managed to get some of the ballast
shifted and the boat on an even keel, j
The feelings of Captain Havner may be
better imagined than described when it j
is stated that he had his wife and child I
on board. Of course, a small boat was!
; prepared for use in th** event of the I
I schooner foundering, i3l*_ -'•.■■., i
tain said: "One does that sort of thing ;
out of habit, but it would save time to
go down with the vessel. A small boat
in such a sea could not have lived five
| minutes." ■ . . :....,*.
The schooner, as might be expected,
suffered severe damage. She was bad
ly strained and leaking, and after the
storm part of the cabins had to be torn
away to find the leak. The head sail
was also blown away, and the main
topmast and the galley and booby
hatch washed overboard.
To add to the misfortunes of the voy
age, the shifting of the ballast when
the schooner was thrown on her beam
ends caused a water cask to ' urst, and
for some time the crew had to be put
on short allowance.
Captain Havner found it best with
the prevailing winds to put into Kobe
for repairs, * hich will probably take a
considerable time.
Telegraphic Communication Is Cut
Off East of Cuba.
HAVANA, Aug. B.— The Weather Bu
reau here has warned all stations in Cuba
as well as Kingston, Jamaica, that tele
graphic communication is cut off east of
Cuba. The hurricane center is apparently
approaching Porto Rico and will probably
pass north of that island.
»—
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. B.— VT. E. Annin.
special agent of the Postofflce Depart
ment. for Rural Delivery, to-day went over
the proposed route in Scotts Valley. Bran
ciforte Drive and Vine Hill, and will rec
ommend it. About 150 families will be
accommodated.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HURRICANES PREVALENT.
Rural Delivery Route.
SCHOONER BESSIE STEVENS.
NEW CAMPAIGN IN THE
PHILIPPINES COMMENCED
Mac Arthur, With Four Thousand
Men, Defeats Six Thousand
Rebels at San Fernando.
-rifl-ANILA, Aug. 9, 12:25 p. m.— General Mac Arthur's force, consisting of 4000 men, advanced
MANILA, Aug. 12:25 p. Fernando to-day and encountered consisting 4000 men. force of
five miles beyond San Fernando to-day and encountered and defeated a Filipino force of
I 6000 men. , , .......
n± - The enemy retreated, leaving many dead and wounded. The American loss in killed and
wounded was twenty.
There has been a strong suspicion that for some time past insurgents were among sup
posedly peaceful natives entering Manila.
The Provost Marshal took steps to learn if these suspicions were true, and soon discovered
that rebels had entered the city and were actively plotting to start riots. They were also en
gaged in smuggling arms for the enemy.
At midnight last night men engaged in hunting down the conspirators located their head
quarters in a cigar factory in Binondo. * A company of the Sixth Infantry, under command of Cap
tain Ames, was at once dispatched to the. place, which was surrounded. The soldiers raided the
factory and captured forty-three rebels, including a number of officers belonging to the Filipino
army. There were more men in the building, but they managed to escape by means of the roof
of the factory and adjoining buildings. It is believed the authorities have succeeded in capturing
a powerful gang that was giving valuable service to the enemy.
PLOT TO MASSACRE ALL AMERICANS
MACABEBES
CONSPIRING
WITH TAGALS
Mac Arthur Discovers Plot
and Drives Conspirators
From San Fernando.
PLEA OF ill!
Asks the Powers to Induce the
.United States to Grant Him .
Liberty.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
MANILA.. Aug. Several
days ago General Mac
Arthur's spies learned
from unquestioned sources of a
plot for a native uprising which
included the massacre of General
Mac Arthur and the whole garri
son of the city of San Fernando,
which the United States troops
have occupied since its capture
several months ago.
Soon after the discovery of the
plot the Macabebes, the ancient
enemies of the Tagalos. sent dep
utations to General Mat-Arthur
professing ardent friendship for
the United States and begging
that they be given arms with
which to fight the rebels. The
MORE BOYS COMING.
WASHINGTON. Aug. The
following cablegram has been
received from General Otis:
MANILA. Aug. B.— Adjutant Gen
eral. Washington: Three days' ty
phoon rendering work on bay impos
sible. The transport Pennsylvania
leaves Iloilo this evening. The
Sheridan, with the Minnesotas,
South Dakotas and discharged sol
diers, leaven for San Francisco on
the 11th inst. The Valencia and
Zealandia, when coaled, requiring
ten days' good weather, leave with
the Montanas and discharged men.
Suggest a portion of the transports
_o_i' at Nagasaki.; *both coming* and
returning.' It will "expedite business
here, where facilities for loading
and unloading vessels are primitive.
OTIS.
general, knowing of the conspir
acy, instead of meeting the
wishes of the deputation, gave
orders for their immediate ban
ishment from the city. Notwith
standing their protestations of
good intentions, the rebel sym
pathizers, for such they were,
were forced to gather their
women and children together
and leave the city. General Mac-
Arthur has also, as a measure of
precaution, expelled every native
who does not own property. The
cable connecting Calamba with
Taguig has been cut by the
rebels.
Aguinaldo has appealed to the powers
for recognition of "Filipino independ
ence" in'a document dated from Tarlac,
July 27, and signed by Buencaminho.
It has beer received by all the foreign
Consuls in Manila, with the request
that they forward it to their respective
Governments.
The Filipinos use their old argument
that they had conquered the sover
, eignty of these islands from Spain
before the signing of the treaty of
Paris and therefore Spain was in no
; position to. cede them to the United
States. They argue that the possession
; of the 7000 Spanish prisoners, captured
■ with their arms, fighting against the
Filipinos, is eloquent proof of the nullity
of the Spanish sovereignty, as when
they surrendered Spain's hold was irre
vocably lost. The document then says:
Replying to the Spanish Commission's
request to release the prisoners because
Spain no longer has political interests in
the islands, we asked for a treaty of
. peace and friendship between Spain and
the Filipinos. whereby the prisoners
i would be released. But the commission
ers refused, because it would mean r< c
ofnition of our Independence. This is
i equivalent to saying that the prisoners
I must stay in our hands indefinitely lie
. cause their possession is our most effica-
I cious method to adjust our account with
Spain and obtain from her recognition of
1 independence.
The Filipinos claim that they con
quered all the country except Manila,
and that they co-operated, in securing
the latter'-* capitulation by surround
ing it at the cost of thousands of lives.
They also claim they conquered the
country unassisted, except for sixty
guns that Admiral Dewey gave Agui
naldo, and that Admiral - Dewey and
the British and Belgian Consuls rec
ognized the Filipino sovereignty by
asking for passes to visit the country.
They claim that they have ' letters
from American Consuls and generals
recognizing their sovereignty and
promising that the Americans would
recognize their independence, "which
was at the disposition of the powers."
The Filipinos attempt to make capital
I of the statement that Admiral Dewey
i had such confidence Aguinaldo would
j observe and fulfill the rules of war
that he gave him a hundred Spanish
prisoners which the American navy
had captured.
Finally; the Filipinos appeal to the
powers to influence Washington to
bring a termination to the unjust war
which is devastating the country.
PEICE FIVE CENTS.
CALLS OTIS
A FOOLISH
OLD WOMAN
Strong Words From Com
mander St. John of the
British Navy.
LIVES THROWN AWAY
Unless There Is a Speedy Change
the Americans Will Be
Beaten. •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C., Aug. 8.-—
"General Otis is a silly old
fool — old woman ut
terly incompetent to manage the
campaign which confronts him in
the Philippines, and at least 5000
brave" and courageous fellows
have been sacrificed by his utter
incompetency. The figures are
high, you say. They may ap
pear so to you on this side of the
water, but nevertheless they are
correct.. You think them high
because of the reports you have
been fed with over here, for the
press censor, whose duty it is to
I 'blue pencil' the matter of the
. correspondents at Manila, never
; allows the newspaper men to tell
! their papers the full count of the
'■ dead."
These were the words of Com
mander P. S. St. John, R. N.. of
H. B. M. S. Peacock, the ship
being now stationed at Manila, in
an interview given by him on
R. M. S. Empress of Japan (on
which vessel he had just arrived
from Manila, via Hongkong), at
Williams Head quarantine sta
tion this evening.
Commander St. John left his
ship at Manila on July 8, he hav
ing been invalided home, and
took passage to Hongkong on
the steamer Esmeralda, and
came thence by the Empress.
.To, your correspondent he said
that unless some capable soldier
relieved "the foolish old woman"
that now commands the Ameri
can forces the campaign can have
but one ending that, is de
feat for the United States troops.
"Not a sanguinary defeat, you
understand, but nevertheless a
defeat," said the British officer,
••for the rebels will lie able to hold.
their own. save within the cities
of Manila and Uoilo, and perhaps
a few square miles round about,
and do as they please."
"Watch my word." Commander Rt.
John said, "the o__-_r*a_ will be that2
NATIVES BESIEGE
GOVERNOR'S HOME
Insurrection BreaKs Out or) Great
Comoro Island.
9 __ANZIP.AU, Aug. S.— Great Comoro Island is in revolt. The police ©
O 'J commissary has been assassinated and the Governor's residence is &
rt / besieged. A gunboat has been ordered to assist the island author!- *->
'*■'' / l ties in restoring order. m
O — * Great Comoro, otherwise Angazlya Island, Is the principal Island Q
& of the Comoro Isles, In the Mozambique channel, 360 miles from the £
*♦ northwest coast of Madagascar and 200 miles from the east coast .of '^
« Africa. The population of the group Is estimated at about 60,000 souls, £
r' mostly Mahommedans. The islands form a part of the French colonial <•>
-. _•
i^ possessions. •>
Great Britain will take over the isl
ands. It a well-known fad thai pe
tltons are now being circulated at Ma
nila among the foreign merchants,
Americans Included, addressed to the
British foreign officers praying that
body p. take over the islands, suggest
ing an exchange for Jamaica.
"The American population has sent
two of its number Donclson, who
has been in Manila for twenty-live
years, ami R. D. Wood, who lived there
thirty years to Washington to lay rep
resentations of some kind before tin
am horitles here.
"Thanks to Mr. Press Censor the
American people don't know how heavy
he "white man's burden' is in the Phil
ippines. The nation is pitiable. All
the time the American troops have
been there they have gained but forty
miles from Manila, her.- they are en
camped, not attacking but ever wailing
to 1,.- attacked. At Hollo the insur
gents are Intrenched Just across the
river at Juro. There arc over 2000 Ten
nesseeans there, but they arc unable
to keep the rebels as far away from
Hollo as were tie- 800 Spaniards who
were fighting them back before the
trouble between the United States and
Spain."
"The hospitals at Manila are* full, all
..re crowded, and it was a pity that
the steamer Relief was sent away for
the accommodation of many of the vic
tims of General Otis' incompetency. 1
learned before leaving Manila thai or
ders had been sent to all the regiments
to keep their sick under their own can
vas unless hey needed surgical assist
ance.
"What the situation will be when the
rainy seas which is just about to
begin, is in full blast, is awful to con
template Malarial fever and dysentery
will carry off the unfortunate soldiers
in bunches. It is pitiable, for they are
. n a -..hole a fine body of fighting men.
Individually as good men as ever made
up an army, but they lack discipline.
"Why. it was laughable to see the
lack of discipline. When I was ashore
one time 1 saw a private step "ill of the
ranks to get a light from an officer's
cigar. This was but one instance that
came under my ken. There were many
others. Time and again 1 heard pri
vates consign their officers to warm
places when a command that did not
(..as,, them was given. They will need
Letter discipline than that before any
thing can be accomplish". l.
'One thing I noticed about the Amer
lean soldier, he never carries enough
ammunition.
"Is the friction still existing between
the army and navy., you say? It is as
bad as ever Because Admiral Dewey
quoted a British officer's remarks—un
complimentary remarks— about the
army, the soldiers and sailors are at
outs, and • like scholars of two rival
schools they keep it up. As for the
proposition put forward by Borne
writers on this side to starve Aguinaldo
out, that is absurd. The wily Filipino
leader cannot be starved out. He is
ever getting supplies and ammunition.
Steamers arc landing arms and car
tridges and supplies, Often in close prox
imity to the patrolling warships And
I am sorry to say the Americans them
selves are In many Instances sending
in the arms and ammunition with
which their compatriots arc being slain.
America and Japan seem to Send out
the creator number of the filibustering
expeditions.
"Summing tin whole matter up in a
nutshell, "'tis is responsible for the sad
entanglement of affairs. He should at
once bo relieved and a capable soldier
sent in bis place, Ho is a silly old fool,
an old woman who docs not know the
slight. st thing of the management of
a campaign, and it is a pitiable thing
to see how bo is sacrificing his brave
soldiers at every turn."
Two other passengers who arrived
direct from Manila by the Empress
were Corporals Slezinger of the. Tenth
Infantry band, stationed at Jaro. who
is on four months' leave, and Bugler
Chamberlain of the Fourth Infantry.
Slezinger says the natives receive a
bounty for every American's right ear
they bring in. and the dead are shorn
of their cars where** found. ' He
caught a Jap With four ears In the
trenches at Jaro and bayoneted him.
He says the hospitals at Manila and
iioilo are full, and confirms Commander-
St. John's story of the sick being kept
with their regiments. While not saying
anything of Otis, be said General Meis
rltt wa* the choice' of the volunteers for
the command of tho troops there. He
says the California Volunteers were
praised on every side by the regulars
for their splendid form under fire.
CHINA WILL NOT
RECOGNIZE REBELS
Not in a Position to . Set Herself
Against the United
States.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 8. The State
Department is entirely without in
formation as to the address by Aguin
aldo to foreign powers tor the recogni
tion of the Filipinos, either as belliger
ents or as constituting an Independent
government. The appeal Is looked
upon, however, as creating no particu
lar change, as it has been the desire
of Aguinaldo and associates from the
lirst to secure such recognition. The
appeal puts this desire Into rather
formal shape, and it may bring to an
Issue the position of outside govern
ments. There is no idea here that any
foreign government- will heed the ad
dress. The international usage as to
recognition was q*ilte fully developed
during the Cuban insurrection, at
which time the question was exhaust
lively discussed in Congress and was
the subject of lengthy consideration in
the messages of the President. The
general view at that time was that
recognition of belligerency was not In
itself a casus belli. Up to the present
time there has been no intimation to
the Stat. Department that any foreign
power entertained even the remotest
Idea of giving recognition to Aguinaldo
and his associates. On the contrary,
there has been most friendly feeling
maintained between this Government
and foreign powers throughout the
Filipino conflict. 1 .
Some time at-., General Otis made
requisition on the War Department for
2500 horses to mount the cavalry in the
Philippines. He stated in the dispatch
that the horses in the islands were not
satisfactory and. that the contracts for
them in China had failed, tin- words
'Contraband of war being added.
The report from General Otis thai
China, had refused to permit the ship
ment to Manila of horses purchased at
Tientsin by his agents was made the
subject of an official representation to
the Peking Government, and late re
ports received from Minister Conger
show that the prohibition was not par
ticularly applied! against the United
States, but against Germany as well,
and that the exportation of mules and
horses is forbidden by law. Neverthe
less Minister Conger satisfied himself
that there is no cause for alarm at the
action of the Chinese Government and
officials are confident from his report
that China will not recognize the Inde
pendence of the Insurgents. Concern
ing the results of his investigation this
statement was made at the State De
partment to-day: "On making Inquiry
at the Department of Stat.- concerning
the report that the Chinese Government
had refused permission "or the expor
tation of horses and mules from China
to the Philippine Islands on the ground
thai they were contraband of war, it is
ascertained that early in June Minister
Conger reported to the Department of
State that the United. states quarter
-1 master at Manila, having purchased
seventy-five ponies and twenty-five
i mules at Tientsin, an export pass was
refused and that upon . application to
the Chinese Tsung-Ll-Yamen, or Coun
cil of State, for permission to export
the animals, Mr. Conger was informed
that such permission would be granted
to the United States Government if it
were possible to grant it to any gov
ernment, but that for a long time the
export of ponies and mules had been
forbidden by law and on several recent
occasions had been refused to other
governments, so that no exception
could be well made .in favor of the
United States.
"Mr. Conger explains that native po
nies are needed for use in the Chinese
army, for which reason their exporta
tion is prohibited, except In small lots
of ponies claimed to be for racing;, polo,
etc. So far as Mr. Conger can ascertain
no large lots have been permitted to be
sent to any of the foreign stations in
China or to any foreign governments
since 1888.
"In a later dispatch Mr. Conger re
ports that while the Taotai at Tientsin
bad permitted the shipment of thirty
mules to Manila a second request for a
shipment of 150 had been refused. Mr.
Conger added that a similar refusal
had been made upon the application of
the German legation to send sixty po
nies to Kiaochau."
The importance of success in the
coming fall campaign is thoroughly ap
preciated by administration officials,
who understand that If the insurgents
should at its close lie as strong as they
are "to-day, the difficulty of preventing
recognition of their belligerency will be
materially increased.
The course which the foreign Consuls
at Manila will pursue in connection
with Aguinaldo's communication Is a
matter of some conjecture among offi
cials here. At the State Department
there is no disposition to limit the Con
suls in forwarding the appeal l 0 their
respective governments. As a rule it is
quite unusual for Consuls holding exe
quaturs from a friendly government
and having official relation with it to
carry on communication with an Insur
rectionary leader, but it is appreciated
that in this case the Consuls are the
innocent victims of Aguinaldo's letter
writing.
As military authority is supreme in
the Philippines any question arising as
to the course of the Consuls would
probably be referred to General Otis,
but there is no Intimation here that he
has been advised of the address or that
he will have any objections to its trans
mission by the Consuls. It is rather ex
pected, however, that the Consuls will
take occasion to advise with the mili
tary authorities as to the proprieties
■of the situation before taking final
action.
That the officers and men of the
Asiatic squadron may be in condition
to heartily assist the army in its fall
operations against Aguinaldo's forces
Acting Secretary Allen has decided to
instruct Rear Admiral Watson to dis
patch his vessels in rotation to Yoko
hama. Japan. The vessels will remain
a month each in Japanese waters, and
any of the men who may be debilitated
will be left in the naval hospital at Yo
kohama until they are entirely recov
ered and lit to resume duty. The deci
sion of Mr. Allen In this matter was the
result of a conference he had with Sur
geon General Van Reypen. The deci
sion of Mr. Allen is not due, I was told.
to any fear of disease among the crews
of vessels, but to a desire to keep the
men in good condition.
ROOT SAYS THE WAR
WILL BE CONTINUED
Was Greatly Impressed With the
Showing Made by Recruits
at Plattsburg.
- PLA TTSBURO, Aug. The war in the
Philippines is to be prosecuted with a
vigor that ought to result in speedy ces
sation of hostilities. The correspondent
! of the Associated Press law Secretary
Root to-night in the offlce of the Hotel
', Champlaln just after he had said good-by
to the President and was preparing to
■ take the 9:45 train for Washington. The
THE SAN TRAIN' CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, .AUGUST 9. 1599.
SURVEY FOR
A RAILROAD
EXTENSION
Engineers to Find a Route
From Stockton to Sac
. ramento.
SANTA FE INVOLVED
It Is Believed the New Line Will
Form Part of the Transcon
tinental System.
Special Dispatch to The 'all.
STOCKTON, Aug. 8.- A party of sur-
veyors under Civil Engineer H. T.
Compton will in a lew days commence
running preliminary lines between here
and Sacramento for a railroad. It is
believed the work is preliminary to a
j complete survey for persons who have
| an understanding with the Santa Fe
i Company, A number of local capital
j ists are interested in the project. As
i soon as enough data can be obtained
| a detailed report will be forwarded to
| the railroad men, and if satisfactory
it is expected encouragement will be
i given to local capitalists to begin the
work of ruction.
Compton acknowledges that the lines
are for a railroad, but declines to dis
cuss the matter further. It is consid
ered probable thai one object of the
survey Is to ascertain what encourage
ment could be obtained from residents
along the route in the matter of rights
of way.
It is proposed to make the line as
nearly straight as possible. The first
survey will begin west of the lower
Sacramento road and continue due
north to New Hope. It is believed here
that the people of the valley will wel
come an extension of the Santa Ft and
give all reasonable encouragement to
the company's plans.
I Secretary referred to his visit to Platts-
I burg barracks this afternoon,' where he
I witnessed a regimental drill of the Twen-
I ty-sixth Regiment; under commnad of
I Colonel Rice. This regiment has been re
■ cruited and organized in a little over four
weeks and the men drilled like old vet
i erans.
i "The progress which the officers and
; men of the Twenty-sixth Regiment have
made In drilling in so short a time is
I simply marvelous." said Mr. Root, "It
I shows the wonderful power of the United
State** when ten regiments of volunteer
soldiers can be recruited, organized,
drilled and equipped for. active service In
■ the field In so short vi time."
"Will the war in the Philippine be
prosecuted vigorously from now on?"
j asked the correspondent. Mr. Root turned
lon ids heel and replied: "Yes. sir; the
war in the Philippines from now on will
be prosecuted with all possible energy.
The men, all the arms and all the sup
plies ntcessary to end the trouble in the
islands will be furnished at the earliest
possible moment."
"How large a force will be at the dis
posal of the commanding general there?"
was asked. "There will be 50,000 men
there itody for active service at the close
of the rainy season, about the last of
October, and more will be sent if neces
sary."
As to the rumor published In some of
the papers that President McKinley and
he were not agreeable upon the policy
to be pursued In the Philippinees Mr. Root
said: "Ol course that is all nonsense."
When asked whether General Otis would
be relieved of the command of the Ameri
can forces in the Philippines Mr. Root re
plied that he had nothing to say on that
point at this time.
it would be impossible for any one to
be more emphatic or determined than Sec
retary Root in his avowed policy of end
ing the trouble in the Philippines. He
«.hlom talks for publication and the fact
i that he had just come from a two days'
conference with President McKinley adds
Interest to his words.
THE WAR AS SEEN BY
EPWORTH LEAGUERS
DES MOINES, Aug. B.— joint debate
between Governor M. L. Shaw and Gen
eral J. B. Weaver on the Philippine ques
tion was the feature of the Epworth
League assembly, at Colfax to-day. The
debate attracted an audience of several
thousand persons from the surrounding
country. Both speakers are finished ora
tors and presented the question in the
best possible light from opposite stand- |
points. . , , __
General Weaver attacked, in the main,
the policy of the Government In the Phil
ippines, claming it was In conflict with
the constitution, the Declaration of In
dependence, the Monro.- doctrine, the
laws of nations and the holy precepts of
our religion.
Governor Shaw upheld the Republican
administration in every respect, declaring
that he was for "a broader policy and
advancement of the higher and newer
Civilisation which confronts the American
people to-day." _
BEVERIDGE WILL NOT
DISCUSS THE SITUATIOI
VICTORIA. B. C, Aug. B.— Among the
passengers who arrived on the Empress
of Japan from the Orient was Senator A.
J. Beveridge of Indiana and Mrs. Bever
idge. Senator Beveridge is one of the
Commissioners sent by the United States
to make arrangements for peace with the
Filipinos . before the commencement of
hostilities. „ -tftf tftf,
11, refused point blank to talk of his
mission and of the happenings in the
Philippines. He and Mrs. Beverldge were
delayed in Japan, having been on the
steamer City of Peking when she was
tied up in quarantine on her last voyage
because of the pies. of the bubonic
plague on board. He is going home to
Indianapolis and thence after a short
ssav to Washington. He and Mrs. Bev
eridge are in the best of health.
NEGRO WRESTED FROM
POLICE AND LYNCHED
ALEXANDRIA, A' a.. Aug. B.— Ben
Thompson, colored, 20 years of age,
was lynched here at 11:30 o'clock to
night for having attempted an assault
on Lillian Clarke, the 8-year-old daugh
ter of Edward Clarke, residing on Pa
trick street. The police made a de
termined effort to prevent the mob,
which gathered around the jail at about
11 o'clock, obtaining possession of the
prisoner, but ' were unsuccessful. . .
The door was broken In and during
the scuffle which ensued Chief of Police
Webster was hurt." The prisoner was
: found in the cellar of the building and
brought out, but the report became
current that he was not the man, and
he was released. He had gone but a
short distance, however, when the mob
concluded that Thompson was the man
they were looking for and after a short
chase be was captured and strung up
to an electric light pole. The. prisoner
was roughly handled on the way to the
place of hanging, his clothes being cut
almost to shreds.
During the scenes at the front of the
Jail Mayor Sampson addressed the
crowd, imploring it to leave the pris
oner alone and promising to call the
Grand Jury for early action on the
case, but his pleadings were without
i avail.
DEATH OF EX-GOVERNOR
ATKINSON OF GEORGIA
ISTotecl Democratic I__ea,d-er
of tlie So-U-ttL Is
j SijLrn.ri_iorieci.
NEWNAN Ga Aug. B.— Former Governor AY. Y. Atkinson died at nis resi
dence at 8:52' o'clock this morning. He had been ill for ten days and his
physicians gave up hope for his recover* several days ago.
Governor Atkinson was one of the leaders of the Democratic party hi
th ._ state He was elected Governor in 1896, at the age of 39. after having
served sift years in the House of Representatives, being Speaker for several
sessions .In his lirst gubernatorial race he defeated General Clement A.
Evans a noted Confederate, and he broke down the prestige Confederate vete
rans previously had for obtaining ibllc favor. His second race was against
Seaborn Wright, a fusion Popu'lsl and Prohibition candidate.
During the Spanish-American war Governor Atkinson took great Interest
in the organization of volunteer regiments for service and obtained man** con
cessions from" Washington for the Georgia soldiers. Since the expiration of
his last term as Governor he has been engaged In the practice of law in this
county. '
TO CONNECT SUN
JOSE AND ALVISO
Franchise Granted for
an Electric Line.
WILL BENEFIT BOTH CITIES
ROAD TO BE FINISHED IN EIGH
TEEN MONTHS.
The New Railway Will Carry Both
Passengers and Freight — Appli
cations Made for Other
Franchises.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 8. -This city and Al
viso, Santa Clara County's only water
way, will be connected by an electric pas
senger and freight railway. The hearing
for a franchise by A. Greenlnger and oth
ers cam. up before the Supervisors to
,lav and was virtually granted, as the
clerk was Instructed to advertise for bids
for the sale of the franchise. The bids
will be opened September iv
The road is to be built straight out
First street from the northerly city limits
to Alviso. Rights of way eight feet wide
along the east side of the road .ay have
been obtained for almost the entire dis
tance and the board will grant twelve
feel of the easterly side of the roadway.
There was a feeble opposition to the
road but the county welfare demanded
the road. Work Is to be commenced in
side of six months and completed In-eight
een months. »______
Santa Clara County is just in the midst
0 an era of electric railway building.
The -xiviso project Is of great Importance.
The Government appropriation of $48,000
for the Improvement of Alviso harbor will
soon be available. This will give San Jose
a good waterway. A great deal of freight
is shipped by Alviso now and tho steamer
route has been instrumental in reducing
rates. ,  _,
Other electric roads are to follow. The
projectors of the Alviso road also have
an application before the City Council for
a franchise for an electric road along
Fifth street from the northerly city limits
to San Fernando street. They will also
ask for a franchise out San Fernando
street to East San Jose, connecting with
the Alum Rock motor line, which will be
changed to an electric road.
An electric road from this. city to Los
Gatos. .via Campbell, is also being con
sidered. m _______
ASTOR NOT ELIGIBLE
TO ENGLISH PEERAGE
LONDON, Aug. B.— Henri" voucher
says in Truth that "the rumor that
William Waldorf Astor will soon be raised
to the peerage assumes that which ls im
possible. A law passed during the reign
of William 111 deprives the crown of the
power of conferring the rank of peer upon
naturalized aliens. It was enacted be
cause the King was converting too many
Dutch republicans into British peers.
"A baronet or a knight Mr. Astor could
be. and if he is ready to pay, there Is no
doubt that he will rind no difficulty In ne
gotiating the matter."
Gregson and Gotzsch Discharged.
SANTA ROSA, Aug. S.—H. M. Gregson
and A. Gotzsch, the two well-known resi
dents of Timber Cove who were arrested
a few days ago upon complaint of School
Trustee J. P. Williams and charged with
having destroyed the Timber Cove school
house by setting It afire, were discharged
•this afternoon on motion of the District
Attorney. The reason given was a lack
of evidence. When Gregson and Gotzsch
were arrested by Constables Gilliam and
Piermann of this city at their homes, last
week, much comment was caused among
the people of the coast section, as both
were prominent citizens.
"El Capitan" Is Popular. • -
LONDON. Aug. B.— De Wolf Hopper
has secured an extended lease of the
Lyric- Theater, and a continuation of "El
Capitan" will now depend upon a release
of the comedian from his autumn en
gagements in the United States. Ihls is
now being arranged.
CLEVELAND STREETCAR
WRECKED BY DYNAMITE
CLEVELAND, Aug. 9.— A Park-avenue
Electric car of the Rig Consolidated line
was blown up near the Euclid avenue
barns at 1:30 this morning. The car was
badly torn. The motorrnan. name not yet
known, was badly hurt. There was one
passenger on the car.
DREYFUS IS
BREAKING DOWN
Continued from First Page.
looks dejected. It will be curious to see
whether he and Mercier contradict each
other. . • ..-
There seems danger that all evidence
j relating to foreign diplomatists will be
; jfiven with closed doors. The public trial
'■■ will be resumed on Saturday.
Dreyfus, a member of his family tells
me, has not yet got over his Rip Van
Winkle feeling. He was lost, as he put
it. He remarked to his wife that he was
'' astonished to find himself watched by
the whole world or its proxies, though
jhe showed no sign of astonishment. He
| was thrown in a heap by the searching
and, as he thought, unfriendly examina
i tion by the president of the court-mar
| tial. He had expected more formal pro
i ceedings.
MM. Demange and Laborie did not pre
pare him for a hostile tribunal and a scru
-1 tinizing public. He felt as if X-rays were
being cast on him all the time he was
under public gaze. It was as if the inner
most thoughts of his heart were being
peered into. He imagined the proceedings
would be only formal and that perhaps he
might leave the courthouse to walk to his
wife's temporary home. His counsel was
quite right not to discourage him before
' hand, as his strength Is low and he Is
condemned to a diet of milk and eggs,
which does not enable him rapidly to re
cover his lost strength. A full diet just
now could not fail to bring on Bright's
j disease.
He was at first greatly depressed to
i learn that he would be confronted with
a crowd of hostile witnesses and that the
j trial might last a fortnight or three
i weeks, or even longer. Then, steeling
' himself, he cried:
"You must prove yourself a mau, Drey
fus. You must struggle for your honor
and not give in until you have cleared It,
' once and forever. Rut what have you
done, Dreyfus, to make people to thus
! rend you? Were you born under a malig
nant star? If so, light against fate and
: wrestle until you have thrown the evil
angel."
Prom long habit he speaks to himself
i when intending to converse with visitors.
EMILY CRAWFORD.
ZOLA IS PLEASED.
Predicts a Unanimous Acquittal for
Dreyfus.
NEW YORK. Aug. The Journal has
the following from Paris:
"Nothing can now prevent the acquittal
of Captain Dreyfus. The conscience of the
country is aroused, and the more light
that is let In on the subject the clearer
will his Innocence appear. My previous
prognostications have turned out to be
correct. I venture another prediction— lt
is that Dreyfus will be unanimously ac
quitted. EMILE ZOLA."
NATIONALISTS ACTIVE.
Reported to Be Organizing for a
Demonstration.
NEW YORK, Aug. B.— The World
cable from Rennes says: Late to-night
several dispatches have come from
Paris announcing ominous activity by
Deroulede, Guerln. Mtllevoye and their
followers. They are reported to be or
ganizing bands of Nationalists for. the
purpose of bringing them here on Friday
for a demonstration. I have just seen
Hennlon, and he confirms this news.
ATLIN DISTRICT
IS RICH IN GOLD
VICTORIA, B. C, Aug. The steamer
Alpan returned to-night from Alaska with
135 passengers and about 5200,000 In gold.
Most of the passengers were from Daw
son.
An important piece of news brought by
the travelers Is that Colonel Steele of the
mounted police distinctly denies the re
port that miners will not be allowed to
work Sunday.
Dr. Hans Helgessen returned from At
lin, Alaska, which he says is turning out
phenomenally well. There is a stream of
gold dust Into the banks there, and as a
result of Commissioner Gr: lam's first five
days* collection the royalty revealed 1700
ounces of gold, with some of the principal
mine owners -to hear from. Judge Irving
assured him that all disputes were practi
cally settled." A party of Frenchmen have
taken a slab sixteen by ten Inches of na
tive copper off an extensive ledge at the
southern extremity of Atlin Lake.
I The place of the explosion was near
Wade Park entrance, on Wade Park ave
nue, a very lonely, spot. The trucks were
blown from under the car. The single
' passenger aboard was unhurt. The perpe
trators of the deed escaped. The car was
i bound east on its way to the barns.
WICKERSHAM WILL
CONTEST STOPPED
A Settlement Made Out
of Court.
FRANK WILL GET A SHARE
HE HAD BEEN CUT OFF WITH
FIVE DOLLARS.
In the Suit the Claim Was Made That
the Father Had Been Unduly
Influenced by His Younger
Son, Fred. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
. — . •
SANTA ROSA, Aug. B.— The cele
brated Wickersham will contest, of
which so much was expected in the
way of sensational details when the
matter came to trial, has been settled
amicably out of court. By the terms
of the agreement entered Into to-day
Frank Wickersham; the . well-known
Fresno capitalist, is to receive an equit
able share in the estate. left by his
father, the late I. G. Wickersham of
Petaluma, and the contest proceedings
are to be withdrawn at once.
I. G. Wickersham, the well-known
Petaluma banker who died some six
weeks ago, left an estate valued at con
siderably over a million dollars. Sur
viving him were four children, Frank
Wickersham of Fresno, Mrs. Bergeven
of Chicago and Fred a Wickersham and
Miss Lizzie Wickersham oosf s Petaluma.
Each was left an equal portion of the
estate by the terms of the will with the
exception of Frank,' who was cut off
with the proverbial penny, amounting
in this case to $5 in gold.
As a reason for his action in thus dis
inheriting his eldest son the old banker
explained that he had already advanced
him considerable over $100,000 in cash,
and this was all to which he was en
titled. The day after the will was
filed for probate the disinherited son
began contest proceedings to have the
will set aside upon the ground that his
father had been unduly influenced by
his brother Fred Wickersham of Peta
luma. The case attracted widespread
interest both on account of the alle
gations made and the prominence of
the parties concerned.
News that the matter had been sat
isfactorily adjusted reached here late
this evening and Fred A. Wickersham
was at once seen in regard to the mat
ter. ' He substantiated the report and
stated that he and his brother had met
to-day in the office of R. Porter Ashe,
the San Francisco attorney, where all
details of the settlement had been ad
justed to the mutual satisfaction of all
concerned.
In discussing the matter he said that
as soon as the contest proceedings were
begun negotiations looking to a settle
ment had been opened. A number of
propositions had been made back and
forth, none of which proved satisfac
tory. At the meeting held this after
noon Fred A. Wickersham, upon behalf
of himself and the other heirs, made
his final offer, which being deemed
equitable was at once agreed to. A
payment upon account was at once
made anjl a receipt taken therefor, and
as soon as the necessary papers cover
ing the agreement can be drawn up the
contest proceedings now pending in the
courts of this • county will be with
drawn.
Mr. Wickersham declined to state
the terms of the agreement entered in
to, but it is understood that the con
testant receives approximately his full
, share of the estate less the amount he
; has already received from time to time
I and which he has never denied having
I been paid by his deceased father. With
I the signing of the, receipt mentioned in
j Porter Ashe's office to-day the entire
I case was brought to a close and har
| mony once more restored to the "Wick-
I ersham household.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Patents and Army Orders Issued at
Washington.
WASHINGTON, Aug. B.— Pacific Coast
patents were granted to-day as follows:
California— J. Ball, Los An
geles, flushing tank; John Barker, San
Francisco, bureau and dresser trunk;
Walter S. Case. San Jose, can soldering
apparatus; Mahlon S. Conley, Los An
geles, assignor of one-half to W. H. Wil
son, electro-magnetic reciprocating en
gine; Russell L. Dunn, San Francisco, as
signor to C. S. Preston and F. Hanford,
Seattle, air compressor; E. W. Fairbanks,
Los Angeles, carrier, server and dish un
shipper: Isaac Goble, Chicago, beet
puller; Stephen C. Houghton, San Fran
cisco, mechanical movement; Sarah R.
Mills, San Francisco, corset fastener*.
Helena L. Othout, Fresno, bowl-holding
device.
Washington— Frank A. Briggs. * New
Whatcom, grip for bicycles; Walter
Cooper. Seattle, air pump piston rod oiler;
John F. Kelper, Everett, ore roasting fur
nace.
Army orders— By direction of the Secre
tary of War the following changes in
medical department are ordered: Major
Philip F. Harvey, surgeon United States
army. Is relieved from duty at Fort Snel
ling. Minn., and will proceed to the Pre
sidio of San Francisco and report to the
comanding officer for duty, to relieve Ma
jor Edward B. Moseley, surgeon United
States army, and will report by letter to
the commanding general of the Depart
ment of California. Major Moseley. on
being thus relieved, will proceed to Angel
Island and report to the commanding
officer for duty, to relieve Major Robert
J. Glbw"n. Major Gibson, on being thus
relieved, will proceed to the Philippine
Islands and report in person to the com
manding general. Department of the Pa
cific, for assignment to duty.
Corporal James F. McDonald, Company
K. Twentieth United States Infantry,
Philippine Islands, Is transferred as first
class private to the Signal Corps.
Private Charles J. Lander. Hospital
Corps, now at general hospital, Presidio,
San Francisco, will be discharged from
the service of the United States by the
commanding officer of his station.
Private Gerald Holdridge, Eighth
United States Infantry, now on detached
service at recruiting station. New York,
is transferred to the Sixth Infantry. He
will be sent to the Presidio of San Fran
cisco, and will report to the commanding
officer of that' post, who will furnish him
transportation to the Philippine Islands.
Recruit John E. Gnau, general service.
Presidio. San Francisco. is transferred to
the Hospital Corps as private.
Recruit James M. Sherry,
Infantry, now at the Presidio of San
Francisco, having enlisted under false pre
tenses, will be discharged without honor
from the service of the United States on
receipt of this order, by the command
ing officer of his station.
Southern Pacific Loses.
SANTA BARBARA. Aug. S.— The first
of the condemnation suits of the South
ern Pacific Railroad Company against the
land owners, through which its spur line
traverses In the northern end of the coun
ty, was ended this evening when the jury
brought in a verdict for the defendant,
Daniel Laird, for $150 an acre more than he
asked for. Laird was allowed $100 an acre
for the land and $500 an acre damages. It
was clearly a decision against the rail
road, for It forms a basis for the settle
ment of the other suits for a much higher
sum than was anticipated. The second
condemnation suit will be begun to-mor
row. - _ _______
Chino-Japanese Alliance.
LONDON, Aug. 9.— The Rome corre
spondent of the Dally Mail says, the
Italian Government has received positive
confirmation of the report that China and
Japan have concluded an alliance.
ANACONDA SWEPT
BY A CLOUDBURST
Losses Will Go Up Into
the Thousands.
DOLAN'S NARROW ESCAPE
CAUGHT IN THE TORRENT AND
ALMOST DROWNED.
Cellars Were Flooded, fences Torn
Away and the New. Court
house Almos*
— r"; Ruined.
Special Dispatch to The Cail.
ANACONDA, Mont., Aug. 8. About
$7000 worth of. damage was done in
. ! Anaconda by a cloudburst th. took
I place west of the city. A torren* three
j feet deep and twenty feet broad rushed
down into the city from Sheep Guiclii
carrying with it a mass of logs, bould
| ers and mud and sweeping. fences and
i gardens before it.
The chief damage was done at the
new courthouse now being erected for
' Deer Podge at the head of Main street.
The contractors estimate their lo__; at
; $2000. The other loss is scattered among
individual property owners in the vicin-
i ty of Main street and Seventh avenue,
! the fashionable part of the city.
At 3:10 o'clock the storm broke over
! the city, accompanied by terrific peals
;of thunder. Suddenly an especially
! large detonation' was heard up Sheep
i Gulch, which runs far back into the
' mountains. Spectators could see the
I walls of the gulch whitened by a sud
: den flood. There is in the gulch a litrl-±
stream that. runs through a ditch made
for it and 'is carried on around tire
! city' to empty' into Warm Springs
j Creek. This ditch immediately became
! a roaring river twenty feet wide, burs*:
I the confines of the old water way a a
I it emerged from the canyon and rushed
; straight to the courthouse and the jail
j annex, tearing a new course" through
! the ground. The basements of both
structures were filled with mud ; nd
j debris and cut building stone was
rolled away, while every cellar in the
vicinity was fille.d with mud and wat< r
A gang under Contractor Dolan
' rushed to the ditch, and with shovels
vainly tried to turn the course of the
stream, but were quickly compelled to
flee. Dolan and one of the workmen
were caught in the flood and had a
narrow escape from drowning, being
snatched out in the nick of time by
their companions. A bride-* across the
ditch just above the courthouse was
swept away instantly. •
The Great Northern branch line la
cut by a washout east of Butte, while
the Northern Pacific is also delayed by
a washout between Butte and Silver
Bow. - '■
CONDEMNS THE LYNCHING.
I Romano's Report on the Killing of
Italians in Louisiana.
"WASHINGTON, Aug. The State De
partment has received from the Italian
authorities a copy of a complete report
made by the Marquis Romano, secretary
of the Italian embassy here, on his per
sonal investigation of the recent lynching
of five Italians at Tallulah. La. The re
port presents the affair in a serious light.
As a whole the Italian authorities view
the* matter of the lynching as one of un
usual atrocity, and without the mitigating
circumstances which had been urged tn
previous affairs of this kind.
TROOPS AT MING-TSE.
PARIS. Aug. S.— The Politique Colo
niale says: Owing to the serious Chinese
attacks " upon the French Consulate at
Ming-Tse. Governor General Doum.r ljr*as
massed 2000 European troops in readiness
to occupy the town. Twelve nundreu
men have been landed on account of sim
ilar trouble at Kang-Chau. It is said that
General Doumer intends to resign unless
the Government acts decisively.
Suicide Identified.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. S.— Nearly two
weeks ago an unknown man committed
suicide in a Main street lodging-house by
asphyxiation. Up to the present time
the authorities have been unable to iden
tify the remains. S. P. Jones, local agent
of the New York Life Insurance Com
pany*, to-day identified the suicide as a
man generally known as Arthur Wolf
sohn, but whose true name is Aaron
Wolfsohn. formerly a drummer for a
Philadelphia ribbon house.
Injured by a Flywheel.
SALINAS. Aug. While engaged in
threshing barley -on the Espinosa ranch
near Castrovllle . this morning James
Berry, who was engaged as engineer. was
fatally Injured by the bursting of the fly
wheel of the engine. Portions of the
wheel flew over 200 feet, destroying a pile
of sacked grain and scattering it broad
cast. Berry had his right thigh and knee
crushed. He is a resident of Bradley and
married. .
HITCHCOCK SCHOOL
(Late Selborne), San Rafael.
This well-known school will have quar
ters In Hotel Rafael until completion of
the new buildings. All boarders must re
port to the principal at the hotel by 6:38
p. m. on Tuesday. August ». *
ADVERTISEMENTS.
44 D0 Not Grasp Shadow
and Lose the Substance.' '
■ Many people are but shadows of their
former selves, due to neglect of health.
Look out for the blood, the fountain of
life, the actual substance; keep that pure
by regular use of Hood's Sarsaparilla and
robust health -will be the result. Be sure
to get only Hood's, because
.jggK Dr. R. L. Walsh,
<_S^_«--****-** ,^___ Sl -**'' GEARY ST.. bet.
_T*^ |I C__J— ___f^_ _» Hyde and Larkin.
P-5" ~~~ rs^^~£ss£=^j Paanie_» Extraction..
VI ft _m*l \ T Crowns •*"*_. OO
v *«Ji I_ T ____*&}■' Flesh-colored Plates.
Continuous Gum Plates (no bad joints) our
specialty. Have received TEN flrst prizes for
this branch of dentistry. No students. 14
years' experience. ' . '
"DDTTOXJT7C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
DII U _J_ni__i bootblacks, bath-
*■■" *" *"■ houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hanf-ers. printers., painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St.,
—
NERVITA LOST VIGOR,
■■ AND MANHOOD
&S3fß^\ Cures Impotencv Night Emissions and wasting
QhM'9 ■ 'eases, all effects o( self-abuse. or excess and
MfS J] indiscretion. . A nerre-tcmc and blood-builder.
*4//f Brings the pink glow to pale hecks and re*
"<A Jv*__*' stores the Eire of youth. By mail 500 t*T
!_M__-?_L fee,. © boxes $2.50; with a writtea
~*f^^*^!Bf guarantee to cure or refund the moaey.
*cr-*i!_ medic*-' Co., CHntoti « Jackson sts., Chicaa**
B, _. Baldwin & Co., Druggists, S Market, S.F.ENGINEER AND FIREMAN
DIED IN AWFUL AGONY
Wreck of the- Los Angeles Express at Dos
Palos Cost the Lives of Two Men,
.ENGINES* JOf]N C FOT*D —
FRESNO, Aug. S.— Picture in your
mind's eye a long string of cars
snapped, as It were, like a black
snake cracked by some mighty
power and lying curled along the
railroad reservation, on either side of
which are stretches of wheat fields just
being tinted by the sun rising over the
mountains: imagine everything twisted
and splintered and wrought out of shape;
Bee a crowd of curious countryfolk— men
in harvest dress and women and chil
dren in calico— and with them glum and
scarred railroad men, and you have a
rough sketch of the scene of the wreck
of the Los Angeles express, which, as "as
reported in this morning's Call, occurred
a half mile this side of Do's Pah).- last
night. Such was the scene when at 6
o'clock this morning Coroner Long and
The Call correspondent arrived on a spe
cial engine at the place of the disaster.
A picture sadder by far was that seen
in the baggage-room at Dos Palos. There
lay two mute and mutilated men — En
gineer Ford and Fireman Woods— who
had lost their lives. The bodies jay on
trucks, covered by large blankets. The
men had been scalded so badly that In
many places the flesh had dropped, ex
posing the bones. Friends had bandaged
the burns while the men were still alive
and the bandages were allowed to re
main and held the flesh in place. The
clothes of the men were drenched, not
with water, but with the scalding steam
that burned them.
After Coroner Long had summoned a
Jury the first thing was to view the re
mains. In searching the body of the en
gineer the Coroner took from the vsst
pocket his watch, which v. as running and
•■hewed the correct time.
Immediately after the wreck a special
train was made up at Tracy and sent to
the scene of the disaster. It had arrived
before the Coroner, and hence the state
ments of the passengers could not be ob
tained there by him. for the passenge-s
were taken back to Tracy and thence sent
over the main route down the valley. A.
rumber of the Fresno passengers reached
here at 1:30 o'clock this afternoon. This
special train hud attached to it three of
the Pullman coaches of the wrecked train
— the last three, which had not been de
railed.
The first Intimation of anything being
wrong came to the railroad men shortly
after leaving Dos Palos. when the train
began to get "wobbly.'' Conductor Harry
W Bridges says he was in the first sleep
er and he felt the train jarring. He im
mediately concluded that It was off the
track and rung the whistle to warn the
engineer. The latter applied the airbrake
end made what is called an emergency
<=top. The train was going at the rate of
thirty-five miles an hour. Before the con
ductor could pull the string again the air
brakes had been applied and in an Instant
the cars had been hurled off the track
in all directions. Only the last four Pull
mans held the rails.
The engine was hurled In the ditch.
DOUBLE TRAGEDY
AT NEVADA CITY
Charles Moreno Kills a
Woman.Then Himself.
Sp**-**!*"" Dispatch to Th* Call.
NEVADA CITY, Aug. B.— Charles
Moreno, a half-breed Spaniard aged 25
years, and a young and attractive
woman of the half-world known both as
Clara Wallace and Mrs. Lizzie Riley
are to-night lying dead at the Rocky
Bar House, a place of bad repute in
the outskirts of the little mining town
of Washington, in this county.
Shortly after 9 o'clock this morning
Moreno killed her and then took his
own life. He had long been infatuated
with the woman, and according to a note
that he left for the Coroner had a year
ago left his own wife to bask in her
smiles. Last spring the woman had de
serted him at 18 Turk street, San Fran
cisco, where they were living together,
and had come to this county. He could
not live without her, he declared, and
as she refused to return • to him he
thought it better that both of them
wind up their troublous career here to
be happily reunited in another world.
Moreno arrived in this city on last
evening's train, and armed with a re
volver and a murderous dirk started
on foot for Washington, nineteen miles
above here. Upon his arrival there he
went to the house where the object of
his mad infatuation lived With Mollie
Walsh, keeping a den of the vilest de
scription.
His unexpected appearance crease
consternation on the part of the woman
he sought. He demanded that she at
once leave with him. She refused and
a violent quarrel ensued. She stood her
ground and ordered him to leave. With
out warning he fired two shots. Both
entered her breast, one piercing her
heart. Her body plunged headlong
from the door in which she stood to
the ground.
Then Moreno wrote the note that the
Coroner found, and having signed it
stood near her corpse and fired at his
own breast, the bullet striking a bone
and making only a slight wound. Next
he put the muzzle of the weapon to his
head, and sending a ball Into his brain
sank lifeless by his victim's side. The
Coroner's jury returned a verdict in
accordance with these facts. The Riley
woman was at one . time a resident of
Marysville.
Boulevard Acceptance Delayed.
SAN* RAFAEL, Aug. B.— A special meet
ing of the Supervisors was held to-day
for the purpose of accepting the three
sections of the boulevard between Tib
uron and California City recently com
pleted by the Buckman Contracting Com
COOKED BY
ESCAPING
STEAM
Ford and Woods Relieved by
Death From the Torture
They Suffered.
COACHES DERAILED
Few of the Passengers Received
"injuries, and the Unfortunates
Will Recover.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
boiler down, like a fallen steed, with its
nose in the dust. The tender was turned
almost upside down and was a wreck of
twisted iron and splintered wood. The
railway mail car was slightly careened
and stood diagonally across the track.
The express car was tilted over. The bag
gage car had turned a complete somer
sault and lav flat on Its side, ten feet
from the track— or what was the track—
for the ties were splintered and the steel
bent out of all shape. The first coach had
been hurled around so as to lie at right
angles with the track. The smoker was
slightly careened but not greatly dam
aged "The front truck of the first sleeper
had been torn off, but otherwise the car
was all right. .
As soon as the front cars jumped the
track and began to topple over the mail
clerks, express messenger and baggage
man began to break out of their cages of
death. The express messenger was A.
McNew; C F. Maltby was the baggage
man and the mail clerks were Scribner
and Prior. McNew had a gash over the
eve and Maltby's face was bruised slight
ly While these gentlemen were congrat
ulating themselves the engineer. Corne
lius Ford, and the fireman. Porter Woods,
were being scalded to death by the es
caping steam. Ford was pinned under the
toppled engine and lay there, suffering
indescribable agony until he was extri
cated by Conductor Bridges and others
who had" run to the assistance of the un
forunate man. He was carried in a
stretcher and placed in one of the day
coaches. The conductor said that Ford
uttered nothing intelligible, but others
say that he whispered that he did not
know anything was the matter with the
train until he felt the engine toppling
over That would tend to show that it
was not the engine that jumped the track
first In fact, it is quite well established
that one of the forward cars left the rails
first. _ , j, ... v.-
The fireman was frenzied with his
agony. He rushed from the track and
dashed through the reservation fence,
forcing his way through two rows of
barbed wire, and started to run like mad
in the open wheat field. Trainmen and
passengers caught him. tore his scalded
overalls and jumper from his body and
his gloves from his hands and placing him
on a stretcher conveyed him to one of the
sleepers.
There happened to be two trained nurses
on the train, one of whom was Mrs.
Kauffman. and they did everything pos
sible to relieve the sufferings of the en
gineer and fireman. Woods was conscious
to the last. Despite his excruciating pain,
he could not thank the kind women
enough. He talked continually about his
wife and boy. He said he hated to leave
them no better provided for.
Medical attendance was slow in reaching
the scene of the disaster. Dr. Wade from
Dos Banns Dr. Homestead from Newman
and a third doctor whose name the train
men did not remember finally arrived.
They were unable to do anything for the
pany. Owing to the absence of County
Surveyor Richardson action was post
poned" until to-morrow. The county's por
tion of the expense of building these three
sections is $1800, but there is no money in
the county general fund to pay the bill;
and it will have to go over until the latter
part of December, when the first install
ment of taxes is due. During this period
the amount will bear interest at the rate
of 5 per cent.
ARGENTINE PRESIDENT
RECEIVED IN BRAZIL
Assurances Are Given That No Ac-
tion Unfavorable to the United
States Will Be Taken.
RIO DE JANEIRO, Aug. B.— The Ar
gentine squadron, escorting President
Roca of the Argentine Republic, has
arrived here. F.etes lasting nine days
have been arranged in honor of Presi
dent Roca.
A Brazilian squadron went out to re
ceive the Argentine warships. The
President of Brazil, Dr. Ferra_ de
Campos Salles, on board the Rio
Chuelo, Inside the bay, received Presi
dent Roca and his suite in the presence
of the members of the Brazilian Cabi
net and a number of Brazilian generals
and Senators.
President Roca was then taken
ashore in a magnificent barge and
lodged in the presidential palace.
As to the political objects of the
visit, the correspondent of the Asso
ciated Press was assured to-day by a
high authority that if an attempt were
contemplated to ally the Latin-Ameri
cans against the United States it was
bound to prove a failure, for Brazil
will do nothing to offend America, her
best customer for her principal prod
ucts.
It is even doubtful, according to the
same authority, whether Argentina
will obtain a commercial treaty in
detriment to United States wheat and
flour, as Argentina already sells twice
what she buys from Brazil.
The chief advantage to be derived
from the visit of the Argentine Presi
dent is a harmonious understanding
aiming at a reduction of the military
expenses of the South American re
publics.
POOLROOM MEN WIN.
Petition for Disincorporation of
Sausalito Thrown Out.
SAUSALITO. Aug. B.— A petition for the
disincorporation of the town, the ultlm-.te
result of which would have been the
death of the poolrooms, was thrown o«t
by the Trustees at a special meeting neld
last evening. The petition was signed by
190 persons, but forty-two names were
withdrawn from it. Among them were J.
A. Quadas, who swore that his signature
had been obtained by fraud and misrepre
sentation, and John Shane, Dr. May and
H. W. Howell, who claimed to have been
victims of misrepresentation.
A certified statement from County Clerk
Robert Graham showed that Nathaniel
Nau, whose name had been twice used,
was dead, and that the names of twenty
seven other signers were not on the great
register. As the taking away of seventy
names rendered the petition without ef
fect It was thrown out, much to the dis
gust of a large number of anti-poolroom
men. who rose and left the hall.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 9, 1899.
Fireman ?•'"."'«■« Woods
engineer and he died shortly after their '.
arrival.
The most remarkable thing about the
collision was the escape of the passengers
from serious injury. None were fatally
hurt. Mrs. J; S. Niswander of 640 J street,
this city. suffered internal injuries. Mrs.
1). S. McCullough of Fowler, Mrs.. Ms
wander's sister, was Injured Internally.
H. Moser of San Diego was hurt in the
abdomen. U. Shleralsni, a Japanese, had
a bad cut across the forehead, and H.
Matsu Mato facial cuts. Al Dillon of
Fresno got a severe shaking up, causing •
a slight hemorrhage.
A piece of broken bolt resembling a
kingpin such as might hold up a brake
beam has been found on the track, which
gives credence to the theory that it was a
loosened brakebeam that ditched the cars.
The inquest was held in the passenger
coach standing at right angles across the
track. As nearly all the passengers had
gone, only the railroad men could be ex
amined. The responsibility was not fixed.
The wrecking crew arrived from Oakland
this morning and immediately began
work. It will be at least two days before
the track is sufficiently cleared of debris
to permit trains to pass.
Engineers Will Bury Ford.
OAKLAND. Aug. The body of John
Cornelius Ford, the engineer killed in the j
train wreck last night near Dos Palos, ar
rived here to-night and arrangements are
being made to hold the funeral on Thurs
day. The services will be conducted un
der the auspices of Division No. 253, Broth
erhood of Locomotive Engineers, of which
Ford was a popular member. Ford was
about 50 years old and came from Sacra- ;
mento only a rew weeks ago with his
wife, a son. Royal B. Ford, aged IS years,
and a daughter. Edna C. Ford, aged 19.
to reside with his father-in-law, Charles
H. Bowman, at 966 Tenth street.
WOODS A BERKELEY BOY.
Third Bereavement of His Family
Within Seven Months.
BERKELEY. Aug. B.— Porter G. Woods,
the fireman who met death early this
morning in the wreck of the Owl at Dos
Palos, was a Berkeley boy and well known
here. His home was at 2424 Ellsworth
street, the residence of his father, C Y.
Woods. Porter Woods was 27 years of
age. He graduated from the grammar
schools of the town, attending the Berke
ley gymnasium later. In I^-4. at the time
of the railroad strike, he entered the ser
vice of the Southern Pacific. He leaves
a widow, Mrs. Emma Earle Woods, and
orifc child.
The. death of Porter Woods makes the
third bereavement which his family has
suffered within seven months, and much
sympathy is felt on all sides for the aged
father and mother. On the morning of ;
Janury 11 of this year William Woods, an :
elder brother of the deceased, met death ,
in almost the same manner by the wreck- |
ing of the Los Angeles express near Los
Banos. Quite recently another brother,
Peter Burnett Woods, died after a short .
Illness.
LAURIER ONLY
DOING POLITICS
The Opinion of Embas
sador Choate.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Aug. B.— Joseph H. Choate,
| the United States Embassador to Great
Britain, was interviewed to-day by a rep
; resentative of the United State 3in re
■ gard to the recent "war or arbitration"
i speech delivered by Sir Wilfrid Laurier,
I the Canadian Premier. He said: "There
j will be no war. It is safe to say that no
amount of political talk by politicians in
other countries could occasion war in this
connection."
The Embassador, continuing, said that
! the Canadian Parliament was on the eve
| of dissolution and the leaders of both par
] ties had to speak. Mr. Choate seemed to
j think that the latter circumstance cx
i plained Sir Wilfrid Laurier's position and
he was inclined to attach small impor
| tance to the Premier's remarks. Mr.
I Choate added that the negotiations were
i progressing, "But," he explained, "they
' are always slow and I can say nothing
at present as to their status."
Regarding Mr. Choate's statement the
! Canadian High Commissioner, Lord
Strathcona and Mount Royal, said to a
I representative of the Associated Press:
"Sir Wilfrid Laurier's remant was
! merely a figure of speech and not a po
litical dodge, as Intimated by Mr. Choate.
: Sir Wilfrid Laurier would not descend to
such a thing, nor did he in any way mean
!to challenge the United States. No sen
i sible man could regard war as possible,
1 but Canada is simply taking a leaf out
of the United States' book ln demanding
now what the United States demanded
In the Venezuelan case. Canada Is now
a nation, though closely allied to Great
Britain. As such she must protect her
rights. We merely ask for an equitable
settlement through arbitration, following
the United States' lead. We jelieve
President McKinley ls thoroughly in
earnest in his endeavor to have the Ques
tion honestly settled. The misinterpre
tation of Sir Wilfrid Laurier's remarks
by the United States Is unfortunate. Any
bitterness or abuse by the Canadian press
jis absolutely unauthorized. The negotia-
I tions are progressing and I believe a sat-
I isfactory settlement of the Alaskan
question will be achieved."
Granted Further Time.
NAPA, Aug. B.— At the regular meeting
of the City Council last night the mat
ter of the embezzlement of city funds by
City Marshal Paul Chalgenau was
brought up for further consideration.
While the deault to date was discovered
to amount to $2547, all but $140 had been
paid to the Treasurer. The Marshal was
granted another week's time to make
good the shortage.
*** _ __ -
Fruit Condemned.
SEATTLE, Aug. B.— hundred boxes
of pears and 200 boxes of apples shipped
from Sacramento, Cal., were condemned
to-day | by Fruit Inspector Brown, who
said the fruit was Infected with codlln
moth.
MEXICO TO
BLAME FOR
YAQUI WAR
Treacherous Treatment of
the Indians by General
Carbo.
OLD FEUD AWAKENS
Extermination of the Tribe Means
Disaster to the State of
Sonora.
By GUSTAV EISEN.
The seriousness of the Taqul war in
Sonora cannot possibly be overestimat
ed. The question at issue is not merely
if the. Yaquis are to be conquered or
not, but the whole welfare of the coun
try is at stake. If the war is continued
until the Yaquis are pacified or exter
minated dire disaster is sure to befall
that beautiful State. The extermina
tion of the Yaqui Indians simply means
the destruction of the manual labor In
Sonora. The Yaquis are not only the
best and most trusted workers In So 5
nora, but they constitute the largest
number of able worklngmen in that
State.
The Yaquis can In no way be com
pared with the Indians of this coast,
nor with any other Indians in the
United States, except, perhaps, the
Cherokees and a few other tribes
known for their peacefulness and for
their love of application to agriculture.
Since the very first settlement of So
nora by the Spaniards the Yaquis have
inhabited a small triangular territory
situated in the delta of the Y'aqui River
and extending from the Gulf to a place
inland called Buena Vista. A few Ya
quis are settled as far up as Comurifa,
but the principal Y'aqui country is as
just stated further down the coast. In
this territory the Y'aquis were found by
the Spaniards, and their tradition is
that here they have resided from im
memorial times. For centuries the
Mexican Government acknowledged
the right of the Y'aquis to live in and to
cultivate this territory and for centu
ries the Yaquis remained peacefully at
their work of cultivating the soil and
as general laborers elsewhere. Within
their territory the Y'aquis have even
now retained an independent govern
ment, with chiefs to decide according
to their laws and to mete out punish
ment to the guilty, and so perfect has
been their method of self-government
that the Mexican Government has had
no occasion to interfere. The Yaqui is
by nature moral and industrious and
no complaint can be made against him
on that account. All over Sonora there
are found Y'aquis in time of peace
working in the fields and in the mines
and even as laborers on the railroads.
In the latter capacity they are more
valued and more trusted than any
Mexicans, and we know of instances
where railroad agents have preferred
Y'aqui section bosses to those of other
nationalities.
As a laborer the Yaqui ia hard-work
ing and faithful and can always be re
lied on. He does not shirk his work
when his foreman turns his back and
he does not shorten his day's work by
continued cigarette smoking. No won
der, therefore, that he is highly valued
for the work he can and does perform.
As do many other laborers, he gets
drunk when pay comes on Saturday
evening, but he confines his carousing
to the rancheria in which he lives and
keeps his family and when Monday
morning comes around every man is at
his work.
The Yaqui country from Buena Vista
to the gulf has always been held as
common property by the Yaquis as a
tribe and has never been portioned out
to Individuals as in other communities.
The reason for this is found in the na
ture of the territory itself. The fer
tility of the Yaqui delta depends en
tirely upon the overflow of the Yaqui
River. In times of heavy rains the
delta and adjacent river bottom lands
are covered by water or made moist
by subirrlgatlon, while in dry seasons
the contrary is the case. As the ter
ritory is large, each Individual Yaqui
can always find a place suitable for
cultivation for that particular season.
Next season he may have to move to
another place in order to find moisture
and other conditions necessary. Now
it is evident that if the land were not
held in common and if every Yaqui had
his own allotted piece some would pos
sess suitable land for cultivation while
others would have dry lands, which
would be worthless unless properly ir
rigated.
All the recent trouble with the Yaquis
arises from this fact. The Mexican
Government wants the Y'aquis to divide
their land so that every Individual may
possess his own plat. This the Yaquis
refuse to do. The trouble originated
some years ago when under the presi
dency of Juarez the Mexican Govern
ment passed a law that there should
be no more public lands in the repub
lic, but that all lands so held should
be surveyed and sold. The same law
required every individual community
which possessed a "common" to have
the same surveyed at its own expense
and to have it divided and portioned
off, if not sold in a body for the good
of the community by which the "com
mon" was held. Thus in 1863 the town
of Hermosillo, now the capital of So
nora, had to survey its common and
dispose of it.
That this law was a most unjust and
illegal one no one can very well deny.
Suppose the United States Government
should pass a law that San Francisco
should divide up its Golden Gate Park
and its Yosemite reservation and give
every man a piece in order that he
might better and more undisturbed en
joy his share. What would be said of
such a law and how would Americans
stand such oppression? They would un
doubtedly object and the chances are
that they would forcibly resist any in
terference with their personal and pub
lic rights.
That is exactly what the Yaquis have
done. Indeed, so vested were the Yaquis
in the possession of their land that the
Mexican Government hesitated to ap
ply the law to their territory, but al
lowed them at least for the time being
to possess their land undisturbed.
While all other public lands in Mexico
were surveyed and distributed, the
Y'aqui country had remained intact for
about twenty years when the first
Y'aqui war broke out.
The outbreak of the war, which ex
terminated one-third of the Yaquis,
was, strange to say. not brought about
by the Mexican Government, but by
one of its generals in order to further
his own selfish ends. At that time
General Jose Guillermo Carbo was
commander of the federal forces in So
nora. Having illegally spent mony in
trusted to him for paying his troops,
he conceived the idea not only to
cover his peculations but also to bring
about a war in order to gain all he
could. In time of peace ever." general
is obliged to send in strict accounts to
FAMINE DRIVES
THEM TO REVOLT
Troops Sent to Quell a Rising in
Russia Kill a Score of Peasants.
VIENNA. Aug. B.— The Neve Freie Presse to-day said the peasantry
of portions of Bessarabia (a government of Russia bounded on the
south by the Danube and the Black Sea) have revolted, being
driven desperate by famine. Troops, it is . added, have been sent there
and several encounters have taken place. A score of peasants have already
been killed and many have been wounded.
the Government. In case of war. on
the contrary, he may draw* supplies
and money for expenses, and a arge
part may then find its way to^Hatt .
pockets without chance of discovery.
The only nation on which .could !
think of making war was - he Yaquis.
then partly living on their reservation
partly distributed over Sonora, zona
and even New Mexico as workers in
the fleld and in the mines. At that
time the Yaquis were governed by a
chief called Cajemi, an honest and
skillful man, generally esteemed and
against whom no one had ever had
! any complaints. General Carbo found
i as a pretext that Cajemi had not ful
filled the Mexican law regarding the
partition of the land and brought
against him other trumped-up charges
Without any right whatever Carbo
! appointed another chief over the
Yaquis, one who was an outlaw- .and
I outcast from his own tribe. Carbo
! promised this man every help if ne
could oust Cajemi and bring about as
! much disturbance as possible. This new
, chief and desperado got together a
small band of dissatisfied Indians and
without warning surprised cajemi s
wife and children and murdered them
: in cold blood. Cajemi himself was ab
sent from home at the time or he
would have, shared the fate of his
family. ' tf
Cajemi at once prepared to attacK
1 the marauders, when to his and every
body's astonishment he found them
i backed by the Mexican Federal Gov
ernment, through General Carbo.
Carbo put 3000 men in the field
' against Cajemi, but was signally de
feated in two open battles. The war,
! once begun, could not be stopped, and
j raged with more or less activity for
' fourteen years. Cajemi was at last
enticed into a palaver with Carbo, who
offered him safe conduct. Hardly had
, Cajemi shown himself before he was
captured and shot and some of his
principal men were slain with him.
This, of course, did not stop the war.
Other chiefs took up the strife, only to
' pay with their life for their foolhardi
ness. And so the war dragged on. It
: cost the Mexican Government millions
and millions of dollars and thousands
iof men. How many soldiers were killed
in the last war no one knows or ever
will know with any certainty, but a low
estimate gives the number as 1500 sol
■ diers laid low by Yaqui bullets every
year For fourteen years this would
'< mean over 20,000 men. The Mexican
Government was obliged to keep a
■ standing army at San Marcial of N be
tween three thousand and four thou
: sand men, and comparatively few of
these ever returned to the State from
', which' they came.
On the other hand the _aquis num
bered at the beginning of the war about
thirty thousand men. When in 189.
peace was made there remained only
ten thousand Yaquis.
The tactics of the Yaquis are to attack
suddenly and to ambush and Immedi
■ ately after the assault to run back into
the mountains, where no one can fol
low them. After a Yaqui has fought for
some time he suddenly becomes a
peaceful Indian and leaves the terri
tory In which the war rages. This hap
' pens when his ammunition is all spent:
he must then provide himself with
more. This he does by working In Ari
zona and New Mexico, as in these
places he can procure arms with his
savings and return when he has
enough. When he has accumulated
enough he returns by passing from
i Arizona through the Sierra Madre
wilderness, where he is free from sol
diers' bullets and from observing eyes,
i and when least expected he turns up
fully equipped with munitions to carry
OI The Yaqui is not the bloodthirsty
! beast that some reports have made him
; out to be. He is brave, industrious and
i peaceful; he does not torture his pris
-1 oner-* but neither does he allow them to
1 escape The Yaqui looks upon the na
i tive Sonoran as his friend and brother,
! and both Sonorans and Americans are
rarely the subject of his attack. But
the Mexican soldier, who is always
drafted from some distant state, is al
ways the especial object of his hatred
and considered as his mortal enemy
In 1897 peace was made with the
< Yaquis The Government promised
them a certain sum of money and they
in turn agreed to have their land sur
veyed and partitioned. During the
last two years the Yaquis have quietly
been working in the mines of Sonora
and Arizona and have saved their earn
ings in order to procure arms to renew
the war. Whatever will be the out
i come of the war, it will be a most ruin
i ous one for Sonora. If the Yaquis are
I exterminated, as the reports tell us
i Is the intention of General Torres, then
' the effect will soon be felt. It will mean
I the extermination of the manual labor
> in Sonora; it will mean the crippling
-. of her wheat and mining Industries.
'■ The Mexican Government could well
have afforded to allow the Yaquis to
' remain in possession of their land, as
their value as laborers ls many, many
time" greater than the price that can
be realized by selling their land. Sonora
i is a country with Immense resources,
I with enormous tracts of fertile soil
| where almost anything might be grown
i profitably. Such crops as wheat, sugar-
I cane beans, corn, oranges. dates,
peaches, apricots and many other fruits
are hardly surpassed anywhere. What
■ Sonora requires is not the Yaqui terri
' tory, but a development of its own Irri
! gation facilities.
The present Governor of Sonora Is
one of the most farseeing and enlight
ened and peaceful men ln Sonora, and
it is a great pity that the settlement of
the Yaqui trouble could not have been
• left with the civil authorities instead
'of with the War Department. Sonora
can well afford to dispense with the
! Yaqui country, but It cannot afford to
j kill off the Yaquis.
MAYOS MAY JOIN
IN THE YAQUI WAR
■
i Young Braves Are Dancing and a
Rising of the Tribe's Fighting
Men Is Feared.
AUSTIN, Tex., Aug. B. A dispatch
from Chihuahua. Mex., states that much
uneasiness is felt in military circles
there over the attitude of . the Mayo
I tribe of Indians in the State of Sonora j
I toward the Mexican authorities in the ;
| present uprising of the Yaqui braves.
' The fighting force of the Mayo triba Is
! much better than that of the Yaquis.
i and they have in the past for many
years been at peace with the Govern
ment. But the younger braves of -he j
tribe are now aroused over the war- j
fare' that is being waged just to the |
west of them and an open revolt is j
threatened. Dancing has been going j
on among the Mayos for the past three
| weeks and a rising may occur at any
moment.
The Mayos have long been friends of
the Yaquis, but they have held aloof
from them In' their previous wars
with the Government, which waged a
long and relentless war against them.
When the treaty of peace was finally
signed their numbers had been de
creased to a few* thousand.
The Mayos are almost white and are
of a higher order of intelligence than
the Yaquis. It is said the Yaquis sent
missionaries among the Mayos several
months ago to agitate a united and
concerted revolt against the Govern
ment. The ilayo chiefs refused to
sanction the uprising, but many of the
younger braves have caught the ex
citement and it is expected they will
be with the Yaquis in a body unless
their present plans are foiled by the
large force of Mexican troops in that
section.
Some of the members of the Mayo
tribe are wealthy. Their reservation
embraces many thousands of acres of
rich land in the valley of the Mayo
River.
INDIANS AND MEXICAN
TROOPS IN BATTLE
Government Soldiers Put to Death
All the Yaquis Taken
Captive.
GUAYMAS. Mexico, Aug. B.— The en
gagement between the forces of General j
Lorenzo Torres and the Y'aquis was not
fought at Vlcam, as reported, but at Tuna ,
j Blanca, In the vicinity of Bacum, which ;
| place is held by the Indians in large num- :
bers. General Lorenzo Torres in person |
led the attack on the position held by the
rebels and was one of the flrst to fall. It !
ls feared he Is badly wounded. The rebels
finally broke and fled, leaving behind sev- :
eral dead and wounded. All the prisoners .
taken were shot.
Lieutenant Herrera, with a small col- i
umn, pave pursuit for a short distance I
and succeeded in killing five more of the j
: enemy, aarkness preventing further op
i erations. The rebels retreated to Bacum, j
' where they are strongly Intrenched.
In the vicinity of Vicum Colonel Anas
i tarlo Torres had a skirmish with small
i detachments of the Indians and killed ,
three.
It is reported that the nationals under :
the command of Captains Celso Vizcaino
' and Antonio Temblador had an encounter !
with the Yaquis and were victorious. The j
losses are unknown
The shipping at Medano is again threat
ened and it is feared that unless rein- i
forcements are sent at once the town and :
I the shipping will fall into the hands of ;
the Yaquis.
At Potem great activity continues and j
: the Federal troops are being concentrated '
i in large numbers. General Luis E. Torres j
i has assumed command of all the forces >
I and will lead the assault on Vicum.
The fortifications in and about Vicum i
are thought to be formidable and it is
: doubtful whether the present available j
forces can successfully cope with the
Y'aquis intrenched there. The result is j
awaited with anxiety by the refugees,
! who look to the troops for protection.
TWO THOUSAND REDS
ENTRAPPED AT BICAM
General Torres Will Bombard the j
Yaquis When His Artillery
Arrives.
CHICAGO, Aug. B.— A special to the
Record from Guaymas, Mex., says:
General Torres has almost complete
ly surrouunded Bicam, a Yaqui strong
hold, where nearly 2000 savages are
j massed. On the arrival of the artillery
and the machine guns the Mexican gen
; eral will close In on the Indians and
; precipitate the biggest battle ever
fought between the Government and
the Yaquis.
The reports from General Torres re
garding the killing of Remley and Mil
ler say their bodies were found hang
ing from a tree with the hands and
feet cut off. The uprising reaches down
the Yaqui River to the sea, and It is
not expected to extend further north
than the Sahuaripa district.
The Government now has nearly 5000
men In the field. Two hundred volun
teers will leave Guaymas for Medano
to-night on the steamer Jalisco.
A fight is expected, on entering the
Yaqui River, with a large band of sav
ages that last week attacked and
burned three sloops, A. Elres, a well
known Mexican at Hermosillo, losing
his life in the encounter.
Business at Guaymas and other
paints in Southern Sonora is practically
at a standstill in consequence of the
rebellion. It has not entirely suspend
ed the heavy freighting done with the
Yaqui Valley, but has led many Mexi
cans of the city to retreat beyond the
prefect's call for volunteers.
The man-of-war Democrata arrived
last night from Ensenada, Lower Cali
fornia, with the remainder of the Sev
; enth Regiment. The Democrata and
' the transport Oaxaca left to-day for
i San Bias "to meet the Sixteenth Regi-
I ment, which is en route from the City
of Mexico.
RECOMMENDS A GOLD
STANDARD FOR INDIA
Lord George Hamilton Says It Is the
Only Financial Safeguard of
the Country.
LONDON, Aug. B.— ln the House of
Commons to-day the Secretary of
State for India, Lord George Hamil
ton, in introducing the Indian budget,
said that after careful consideration
the Government has deliberately con
cluded that a gold standard was re
quired in the interests of India and
that they should not be deterred from
prosecuting this policy by all means ln
their power merely because the next
phase In the advancement was coinci
dent with abnormal or temporary fail
ure of the recommendation.
"If," continued the Secretary, "we
.could establish a great bank like the
Banks of England and France, it would
be*a fruitful ally in establishing a gold
standard."
Continuing, Lord George Hamilton
said he hoped the new century would
be associated with a series of financial
surpluses in India available for the re
duction of taxes, an Industrial develop
ment which would combine to give In
dia the fullest value of its association
with the cheapest, largest and most
fructifying market in the world.
The surplus, he said in conclusion,
this year will be 44,000,000 rupees.
NO JOINT COMMISSION.
Transvaal Volksraad Declines Cham
berlain's Suggestion.
CAPE TOWN. Aug. B.— A dispatch from
Pretoria, capital of the South African
Republic, says the Volksraad has de
clined the suggestion of Joseph Chamber
lain. British Secretary of State for the
, Colonies, that the effect which the Trans
vaal franchise reforms will have on the
Outlanders shall be Inquired Into by a
joint commission. The Volksraad con
sents, however, to receive friendly sug
-1 gestions • »
NO PORT IN
HAITI OPEN
TO JIMINEZ
Seaport Towns Are Closely
Watched to Prevent Him
From Landing.
HAS MANY FRIENDS
President McKinley and Secretary
Root Hold a Conference Over
Affairs in San Domingo.
Special Cable to The Call and the Xew Tork
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PORT AU PRINCE, Hayti, Aug. B.—
Word comes from Monte Christi that Do
minican troops have been hurried there.
The Haytien Government is prepared to
prevent Jiminez from landing on Hay
tlan teritory. All is quiet in Port au
Prince. Suspects are being interrogated
by the authorities.
HAVANA* Aug. S.— General Jun Isidro
Jiminez. the aspirant to the presidency
of the republic of San Domingo, says that
several Dominican generals have already
declared In his favor, in spite of his ad
vice to them to delay definite action. He
denies that the Dominican Government
has 3700 troops under arms, and asserts
that the present executive will not be able
to make an effective resistance, owing to
the scarcity of resources and sympa
thizers.
WASHINGTON. Aug. B.— From the
character of the instructions sent to Gen
eral Brooke to-day it is evident that the
President and Secretary Root have been
giving serious consideration to the threat
ened San Domingo revolution.
It is probable, too. that this subject,
more than any other, is the immediate
cause of Secretary Root's visit to Lake
Champlain. Mr. Root received a sum
mons from the President just after sev
eral dispatches from General Brooke
about the suspicious movements of
Jiminez had been received at Lake Cham
plain. I am told that General Brooke
fears, from the operations of Jiminez.
that he is really planning for an e
tensive filibustering expedition from
Cuba. His frequent conferences with
other exiles from San Domingo have led
to this suspicion, and General Brooke
wired the department for instructions.
They were sent him to-day by direction
of the President, and they are to the ef
fect that he must prevent such an expe
dition at all hazards. ' ___...
According to the views of officials here
—and it is evident that President Mc-
Kinley and Secretary Root are of the
same "opinion— the United States is just as
much obligated to prevent violation of
neutrality laws in Cuba as in the united
States. Although not American territory.
It is temporarily under the control of the
military forces of this country, and we
are responsible to the other nations of
the world to prevent any infraction of
international law by any one while in Cu
ban soil. _*"■"_■'"'■--.
The Charge d* Affaires of the Dominican
republic in this country has already
called the attention of the authorities to
the contemplated expedition of Jiminez,
and he has been given assurances that
everything possible will be done to pre
vent any Violation of the neutrality laws.
HELD THE WHISKY
WITH A LOADED GUN
SAUSALITO. Aug. B.— An angry man
and a rifle formed a combination at
Mason's distillery, situated about a mile
north of town, which held a United States
Deputy Internal Revenue Collector and
two companions at bay and resulted yes
terday in a warrant being issued tor the
arrest of the belligerent distillery man.
It seems that P. Zimmerman, a whole
sale liquor dealer engaged in business on
Eighteenth and Shotwell streets, San
Francisco, purchased a quantity of liquor
from John Mason Jr., the proprietor of
the distillery, and the Government ware
house, and went there to take away the
liquor in company with W. F. Price, a
Deputy United States Internal Revenue
Collector, and George Raubinger. Price
released the whisky and Raubinger
started forward with the Intention of
loading it on a wagon. Previous to this
Zimmerman and Mason had a dispute
over their bargain, and, failing to come
to an amicable agreement, Mason warned
Raubinger not to touch the whisky. The
caution was disregarded, whereupon
Mason ran to his house for a rifle and.
returning just as Raubinger was in the
act of placing a barrel in his wagon,
pointed a gun at him and threatened to
kill him if he did not drop it. Raubinger
dropped the barrel and ran behind the
wagon, while Price and Zimmerman
scurried to a place of safety.
Raubinger came to town and swore to
a warrant for Mason's arrest en the
charge of assault with a deadly weapon.
Recorder Simpson Issued the wan ant,
which was served by Constable Garnty.
Munobaki Lost.
VICTORIA. B. C. Aug. B.— The steam
er Empress of China brings meager de
tails of the -wreck of the steamer Muno
baki Maru in the Orient. Just before the
Empress of China left Yokohama one
boatload containing nine survivors
reached Yokohama. Another boat con
taining twenty persons was reported
safe. Two boatloads were lost.
A Study for gffiSk;
Women and'plE^gl
Men Who , ' C-'T' 3 '
____■( IK___9
These three fßflLjSr**'
things — paleness, B|ljt _f __Hf
weakness, emacia- ___# Sti"- "- =^_H_P
tion— are what dm- _g*T £wtf fr^~ ':■- jsP
stitute anaemia,
Anaemia is a die- ■_Kfi_M_A
ease that affects the pi 9^ *_&
entire organism, and \ "1 fifik
one that is too often \tfs3f _fl_ _w_H
overlooked, for while _;»"*____" GK
It may seem an in- K_Jp*«E_M"^- -' "'"
offensive disorder, it __fvi__vS__i&B! aSfflSiSl
Is most serious. lrjKßE'g*^__Bßß_'B_l
Anaemia is often a _SSSgfc£ *: : *^<*',^!iS
forerunner of con- fWß_____S""H S_B
sumption and gen- *^^^^^^
eral decline. __ .
Anaemia ls more frequent among women, ana
is usually associated with the disorders pecu-
liar to women. Men are, however, subject to
Anaemia. The symptoms that denote Anaemia
are headache (Fig. 1); hollow eyes or dark cir-
cles under eyes (Fig. 2); paleness ana emacia-
tion (Fig. 3) palpitation of heart (Fig*. 4). im-
paired digestion (Fig. 5); weakness of limbs
i Fie fi)
Anaemia calls for an active remedy and
HUDYAN fulfills every requirement. HT.DYAN
Is a positive and permanent cure for Anaemia.
fnr HUDTAN makes flesh and blood. HID-
YAN provide* the blood with the elements that
give s.re__th and tone to the system,
give strengtn anu HUDYAN strength-
f -♦• ens all the organs of
MEN AND the body and stlmu-
_7 ni-IFN la* them to normal
AnuNFri activity. A weak
ADVISED heart a torp , d Hve _
i - A _•_■__* or sluggish kidneys
- ,, Xt _"■'-■•._ ** r sluggish kidneys
Call or Write. are promptly correct-
+ -*** ed by HUDYAN.
HUDYAN is recognized by eminent medical
men as the most efficient remedy for all the
symptoms enumerated above. HUDYAN cures
and cures permanently. 'i-.v----tf' ..
HUDYAN Is for sale by all druggists; 5.C a
package or six packages for $2 50.
If your druggist does not keep HUDYAN
send direct to the
-HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
Cor. Stockton, Ellis and Market Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOCTORSj ABOUT
YOU* 3 CASE— FREE OF CHARqE—
CALL OR "WRITE. tftftf
34
TOE COLUMBIA
QUEEN OF ALL
SAILING CRAFT
Splendid Race Off
Long Island.
NEW YACHT FAR IN FRONT
LOSES ALL COMPETITORS BUT
THE DEFENDER.
Result of New York Yacht Club's
First Run Indicates That the
Shamrock Will Be Beaten
by the American.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GREENPORT, L T.. Aug. B.— The first
run of the New York Yacht Club to-day
from Now London out Into the sound as
far a? Watch Hill and back to Gardlners
Bay was one of the most successful in the
club's history. Not only was the day an
Ideal one. with a great whole-sail breeze
from the west, which held through from
start to finish, but the club watched with
pride the magnificent run <".' the new
queen of the fleet, the Columbia, which
fairly distanced every other yacht with
the exception of the Defender, and she,
too, was defeated by four minutes and one
second in a thirty-mile race.
The old cup defender, Vigilant, was beat
en by the two fliers nearly an hour, but
much of this was no doubt due to the
fortunate run of the Columbia and the
Defender along the Fishers Island shore,
while the rest of the fleet kept over on
the other side of the sound. The Amorita
was in the schooner class.
Over fifty yachts crossed the line at
New London and nearly all finished In
Gardlners Hay, although some of them
did not get in until toward night.
The run gave the yachts a good broad
reach to Race Rock of three and a half
miles, a fine run before the wind to Watch
Hill of eight miles and a grand beat •of |
eight and a quarter miles in a constantly
increasing breeze to the finish— an ideal
course all around.
By far the greatest event of the day !
was the magnificent seven-mile run of the |
Columbia from Fishers Island to i Great
Gull Island, during which she averaged
close to a thlrteen-knot gait. It was on |
this lee that the Columbia pulled out so
far on the Defender, for while the boats
were but a short eighth of a mile apart j
tinder Fishers Island there was nearly a j
mile and a half of water between them I
at Great Gull Island. Born yachts had j
all the wind they could stagger under, j
and the Columbia hauled down her jib j
topsail during a ten minutes' interval
when it blew the hardest. She set it up
again] however, when the Defender began j
to pick up; and held her advantage to the
line. Neither boat was held back a parti- j
cle, It was a good, square test of the'
merits of the old and new boats, and the j
latter may be put down as a good four
minutes faster under the present condi
tions, and with her steel mast in a couple I
of minutes more. ■'■'■
Once during the day, just after the
start, the Columbia seemed inactive and
lifeless and the Defender almost got by
her. But just before reaching Race Rock
the new boat seemed to find herself again
and from there she was never in danger,
while her great run on the last leg will
never be forgotten by those who witnessed
it. Summary of Columbia-Defender race:
Start—Columbia, 11:21:22; Defender, 11:21:40.
Columbia, 2:59:59; Defender, 3:04:18.
Elapsed Columbia, ":58:37; Defender,
3:42:35.
Columbia defeats Defender 4 minutes and 19
seconds.
A comparison of the work done by the
two big sloops against the Vigilant, which
finished at 3:27:45. shows that while finish
ing 27 minutes 46 seconds behind the Col- j
umbia, plus 26 minutes 22 seconds of a
lead ahead of the Columbia, the Vigilant
was beaten by 54 minutes 8 seconds over
a course of thirty and a half miles, and
that she was beaten 4.°< minutes by the
Defender. ' tf'-." -
What chance has the Shamrock, ask the
expert calculators, if the Vigilant was
able to beat the Britannia at any time?
STRIKERS ARE FIRM.
New York Sun Fails to Get Men From
Outside Towns.
NEW YORK, Aug. The official an
nouncement was made this afternoon at
the headquarters of Typographical Union
No. 6 that more than 100 printer:* and
pressmen of neighboring towns had come
here to-day in response to letters and
telegrams promising them permanent em
ployment, with handsome daily remuner
ation, in the mechanical departments of
the Sun. On reaching here the men were
intercepted by the pickets, who, after ex
plaining to them the nature of the con
troversy between the union and the Sun,
led them to the headquarters of the strik
ers, where they were well cared for.
They will be sent back to their respec
tive homes at the expense of the union.
President Delaney of "Big Six" this
afternoon said that not any of the strik
ers had returned to work in any of the
departments of the Sun.
Increased Assessment Roll.
WOODLAND, Aug. B.— The action of
the State Board of Equalization ln In
creasing the assesment of the California
Pacific and Northern railways will add
$125,713 to the assessment roll of Yolo
County. The former operates 31 miles of
track and the latter 56.80 miles.
•*- Dependable Drugs
Sec tie
/TK no lC^ °
Owls Sip
On west wall of our laboratory
— Market St. opposite Jones.
Biggest sign in California — cov-
ers • 7920 square feet 4B feet
high, 165 feet long in yellow
on black.
Largest sign for the largest
store.
Allen's Foot Ease 20c
Put this in your shoes before
tramping over the hills.
Regular price 25 cents.
Cuticura Remedies $140
Soap 1 5 cents — save 10c here
Salve 40c — save 10c here
Resolvent 85c — save 1 5c here
Rose Cold Cream 2£c
After a walk, drive, boat
- ride or a swim rub it on the
face to prevent sunburn or
poison oak.
Cascarets 10c, 20c/ 40c
Advertised at ice, 25c, 50c.
reruna 85c
Selling lots of this at a sav-
ing of is cents.
/*-<£«_•- ATE "-"^ t&H
Ci3.UOOB.STS_^W' i _____|
, , 1 1 28 Market St. / _____>
Tel. South 356. San Francisco *
xoth and Broadway (Tel. Main 309) Oakland
OFFER EVIDENCE OF THEIR SKILL AS FISHERMEN.
RE. MILLER of the Owl Drug Company and Joseph McCowan of Livermore may relate tales of their prowess as
fishermen with impunity. They have the evidence to prove their case. During a vacation of one week spent at
Capitola they caught eighty-seven salmon, .pending in all fifteen hours with the rod. Their best catch for one day
0 was twenty-four fish, the largest weighing thirty-eight pounds and the smallest nine ounces. This is the banner
"catch of the season on Monterey Bay where rod and reel Is used. Like all fishermen who have had an opportunity
of enjoying this sport, they pronounce It fascinating and exhilarating. Since their return they have been advising their
friends* to go and do likewise.
BROOKLYN ON THE TOBOGGAN. I
Lose to Cincinnati, While Boston
Beats the Exiles.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Club"-- W. L. Pet I Clubs XV. L. Pel
Brooklyn':."". 6o 32 .652 Cincinnati ..50 43 a3S j
Boston . ...59 34 634 Pittsburg ...48 '•> .oil
Philadelphia 56 3S .596 Louisville .. .40 52 .430
Baltimore ...55 38 .691 New F0rk. ..31 dS .390
Chicago "1 42 .548 Washington .i.> 61 .*»<>
St. Louis 52 43 .547. Cleveland ...17 79 In
BROOKLYN, Aug; «.— Beds pained a safe j
lead by touching up McJames in lively fashion ;
and staved off a good rally by the Brooklyn* at
the close. Kennedy relieved McJames in the
fourth and blanked the visitors until the ninth,
when they clinched the victory. The work of
Corcoran and Dahlen was the feature, despite
the Brooklyn shortstoy's two errors. At- ;
tendance, 2100. Score:
R. H. F
Cincinnati ? £ _
Brooklyn 6 x * !
Batteries— Taylor and Pelts: McJames, Ken- !
nedy and Farrell. Umpires— Gaffney and
Latham.
BOSTON. Aug. B.— Boston won a hard-hitting
game from Cleveland to-day. Bailey, after be
ing hit for four singles and a home run in
the fifth, retired ln favor of Hickman. At
tendance, 1200. Score.
R. H. E.
Boston " M ;
Cleveland 8 10
Batteries— Bailey. Hickman and Bergen; ;
Bates and Sugden. Umpires— Lynch and Con
nolly.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. When the Phil- |
lies went to the bat in the eighth inning Leever
showed signs of weakening. Thomas singled !
and Delehanty went to first on called balls.. ,
Flick got three balls and then Donovan placed
Tannehill on the rubber. Two more bases on
balls, two singles and a long fly tied the score
and in the tenth the Phillies won on three ■
singles. Score: _ __ _,
Pittsburg * 12 J
Philadelphia 5 14 v ;
Batteries— Leever. Tannehill and Schriver;
Donohue and -lass. Umpires Emslie and
McDonald.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 8. -McFarland's three
bagger with two men on bases in the seventh
inning won the game for Washington to-day.
McFarland's work was the feature of a slow
game. Attendance, 2000. Score:
R. H. E.
Washington 4 10 1
Chicago 16 °j
Batteries— McFarland and Duncan: Taylor
and Donahue. Umpires— Swart wood and Dwyer.
BALTIMORE, Aug. S.— Both the Baltimore '
and St. Louis pitchers were batted freely to
day but the visit.. errors counted heavily
against them. Miller made his first appear
ance with the Perfectos, and played rather aj
poor game. Attendance, 2426. Score:
Baltimore R 7 '■; E 2
Baltimore '•' -
St. Louis 5 14 3
Batteries— Howell and Robinson; Sudhofl and
Schrecongost. Umpires O'Day and Hunt.
NEW YORK, Aug. 8.- Louisville was defeat
ed in a ten-inning game this afternoon. A base
on balls to Warner, followed by hits of Car
rick and Van Haltren. gave the locals the
game In the tenth. Attendance, 3500. Score:
R. H. E.
New York 5 7 3
Louisville 4 9 1
Batteries— Carrlck and Warner; Dowllng and
Simmer. Umpires— Manassau and McGarr.
I MONTREAL CYCLE RACES.
Noted Amateurs to Compete for the
Championship.
MONTREAL, Aug;, B.— Racing will be
gin to-morrow afternoon in the world's
bicycle meet. Prospects are for lino
weather, a big crowd and fast racing.
The Queen Park board track, built last
year, i. in the best of condition and ex
perienced riders like* Nat Butler and Ma
jor Taylor say they want no better. The
race of the day will be the one-mile ama
teur championship, and the list of en
tries Includes a. J. Cherry of London,
who holds the English championship;
John Caldow, the Scotch short distance
champion; Taillondiers, the Parisian
sprinter; Goodson, the Australian, who
holds all the amateur records of his coun
try, from a half mile to five mil'-s. Earl
Peabody of Chicago, George of South
Africa; Ingram, Moran, Carters, Brown
and Merrill of the League of American
Wheelmen circuit and a number of local
men. The race is expected to be between
Cherry, Tafllondiers and Peabody The
same riders are entered in the half-mile
amateur.
At the executive meeting of the Inter
national Cycling Association to-day it was
officially decided to recognize only the
League of American . Wheelmen in the
United States. Parle was selected as the
place for the world's meet next year.
President Batchelder of the N. C. A., In
an Interview to-night, said:
"The attitude of the N. C. A. in its
dealings with the international phase has
been more because of a desire to be
friendly with the Canadian Wheelmen's
Association than on account of any real
worth to it. We can easily afford to wail
another year if necessary for International
recognition, by which none will dispute
our position in the United States as the
controlling body in the East and Middle
East. Naturally our riders would like to
compete ln the world's events. It was not
I. C. U. representation we sought at this
time, simply the acceptance of the entries
of our riders pending the settlement of
the recognition question.'''
Ryan and Moffat Matched.
DUBUQUE, lowa, Aug. B.— Manager
Houseman to-day matched Tommy Ryan
of Syracuse and Jack Moffat of Chicago
to box for the welter-weight champion
ship of the world during race week. This
is substituted for the Moffat-Pierce match
on the last night of the carnival.
♦
Swimming Record Broken.
LONDON, Aug. B.— The amateur swlm
mjng champion, J. A. Ja-rvi.s, swam a
mile to-day at Leicester in 25 minutes
13 2-5 seconds, thus beating the world's
record held by J. Nuttal.
San Pedro Ferry.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. The county
Board of Supervisors this afternoon
passed an ordinance granting to J. A.
Mulr of the Southern Pacific Company a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 9, 1899.
special privilege to run a ferry across San
dro Bay to Terminal Island for a period
of twenty-three months and twenty-nine
days. The vote of the board was unan
imous. The board reserves the right to
grant such other ferry franchises and spe
cial privileges as it sees fit. and it is stip
ulated that the ferry landing must con
form to the lines of the Government har
bor plans.
NEGRO SERGEANT IS
KILLED BY A SOLDIER
The Murderer Was Shot Down
While Attempting to
Escape.
SALT LAKE CITY, Aug. B.— First
Sergeant John Jackson was shot and
killed at Fort Douglass to-night by
Private W. H. Carter, and the latter
was then shot and instantly killed
while resisting arrest. Both are col
ored and belonged to the Ninth United
States Cavalry.
Jackson ordered Carter taken to the
guardhouse for Inattention to duty and
Carter was sent to his quarters for his
blankets. Instead of getting his blan
kets he got a Krag-Jorgensen rifle and
went to Jackson's room and shot him
twice, the last shot being fatal. After
Carter did the shooting he started to
ward the city in an attempt to escape.
A detachment of twenty-five soldiers
was ordered out to capture him. Car
ter shot several times at his pursuers,
but had not gone far when he was
fatally shot, his body showing seven
bullet holes. Both the men participat
ed In the battle of San Juan Hill. Jack
son enlisted at Culpepper Courthouse,
Virginia.
AGRICULTURAL FAIR.
List of Committeemen Who Are
Working for Its Success.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug, 2.— The various
committees in charge of the Agricultural
Fair are working hard to make this year's
exposition the best ever held in the coun
ty. Arrangements will be made for ex
hibits as follows: Viticulture, E. E. Mey
ers, Wrights; J. Fogler, Boulder Creeek;
J. F. Coope, Ben Lomond; W. W. Water
man. Vine Hill; George Bram and Frank
Roberts, Santa Cruz; Charles Rossi, Ben
Lomond.
Horticulture— L. P. Lauretzen, Watson
ville; H. L. Middleton, Boulder Creeek;
William Martin, Glenwood; W. H. Gal
braith, Santa Cruz; A. Noble and C. J.
Moore Soquel; Ed White and James
Waters, Watsonville; W. H. Aiken and 11.
C. Morrell, Wrights; E. Fitch, Vine Hill.
Agriculture 11. A. Jameson, Bolder
Creek; J. Grlnnell and Ambrogia Gianone,
Davenports; G. S. Harmon, H. J. Kings
ley and J. D. Enright, Santa Cruz; W. W.
Thompson, Soquel; Samuel Mann, Wat
sonville. : - ,•_-• _,,
Dairying— D. D. Wilder and James Fill
pini, Santa Cruz; D. M. Locke and M. M.
Shippy, Scott's Valley; R. A. Eaton, J. S.
Menaslo and Frank Stlllman, Watsonville.
Livestock— H. L. Lllliencrantz and J. D.
Estey, Aptos; F. A. Hihn, F. D. Baldwin
and M. C. Hopkins, Santa Cruz; A. C.
Field, Scotts Valley. :tf -':■-
Fowl— D. M. Russell. Boomer Gulch;
Philip Hynes, A. Fridley, H. D. McPher
son and H. Anderson, Santa Cruz; P.
Lauretzen and George Leland, Watson
ville- A. J. Moore. Santa Cruz.
I amber— F. W. Waters and J. T. Bloom,
Boulder Creek; W. R. Porter, I.oma Pru
ta* F A Hihn and John Slnklnson, Santa
Cruz;' D. K. Ryder, Soquel. .:
Manufactures— William Russell, Felton;
Oscar Foster, W. C- Peyton, H. F. Kron,
W H Lamb, John Sinklnson, E. Lukens
and C Jensen. Santa Cruz; Stephen Mar
tinelli, Watsonville. „..__,
Plants and flowers— Mrs. D. M. Locke,
Scotts Valley; Mrs. Harry Cooper, San
ta Cruz; Mrs. Thomas Leland, Watson
ville; Mrs. John A. Vestal. Watsonville;
Mrs E. B. Cahorn and A. Noble, Soquel;
X Leedham, Mrs. William Rennle and
Mrs. J. P. Parker. Santa Cruz; W. H.
Atkins, Green Valley; Mrs. Ed Fitch, Vine
Hill. ~* y~ ,- _ , T
Painting and Fine Arts— Mr. and Mrs,
Frank L. Heath, Santa Cruz; Mrs. Hoov
er Mrs Charles Rodgers and Fred Hitch
cock, Watsonville; J. W. Armistead,
Boulder Creek; Mrs. A. G. Rose, Santa
Cruz. . , _ ,
Embroidery, Needlework and Sewing-
Mrs J. B. Moulton, Miss M. Van Valken
berg, Mrs. H. F. Kron, Mrs. E. B. Ca
hoon Miss Stella Flnkeldey, Miss Sarah
Morgan, Mrs. Horatio Angell, Mrs. Katie
C Cope Mrs. J. G. Corney, Mrs. James
Kerlin. Mrs. John Perry, Mrs. H. S. Dem
lng, Mrs. F. B. Bunting, Mrs. W. H.
Duke, Miss Lulu Stoesser, Mrs. Charles
Hammer. -..../" -.
Preserved Meats, Cider and Vinegar— O.
H. Willoughby, W. H. ("albraith and S.
B. Wallace. _ _ ■■■'J.
Natural History— Dr. C. L. Anderson
and Miss Lillian Howard.
The officers are: F. A. Hihn, president;
Dr. O. L. Gordon, secretary.
♦—
BIG CATCH OF SALMON.
Traps Along Ronario Straits and Gulf
of Georgia Filled.
FAIR HAVEN. Wash.. Aug. To
day broke all records for catching sal
mon. At the Pacific American Fish
eries Company's cannery 136,000 were
received this mnrnng. Of these over
so. 000 were sock-eyes. Reports coming
in from the traps along Ronario Straits
and the Gulf of Georgia tell of the un
paralleled catch during the night. Ev
ery trap has made enormous cate'. es.
Warrants Tied Up.
WOODLAND, Aug. B.— Unpaid warrants
to the amount of about $2500 against the
city of Woodland have accumulated dur
ing the last four years. The City Trus
tees ordered the warrants paid out of the
surplus funds of the last fiscal year, but
the City Treasurer declines to honor such
warrants and the matter will probably
be taken Into the courts by the city's
creditors, who will begin mandamus pro
ceedings against the Treasurer to secure
their -**qngy a - " : .'
ASYLUM EMPLOYES TO
MAKE A LEGAL FIGHT
They Claim That the Board of Man
agers Cannot Dismiss
Them.
SAN JOSE. Aug. B.— The employes and
attendants of the Agnews Insane Asylum
i do not intend to relinquish their positions
i without. a legal fight and to protect them
• selves have chipped in and engaged Sen
i ator H. V. Morehouse as counsel. The
recent investigation by the State Lunacy
Commission has stirred them up and ru
mors of wholesale changes have been cur
rent.
The Board of Managers held a meeting
to-night. A communication was received
from Senator Morehouse warning the
managers that they could not dismiss em
ployes or attendants at the asylum. He
stated that the board could only remove
the medical director and that the dis
charge of other employes lay with the
medical director, and then on"*,- after a
fair . and impartial trial. The Governor,
however, had the- power to remove the
managers. Senator Morehouse further
stated that this law was made in order
to remove asylums from the control of
politicians.
Things are not running .very smoothly
at Agnews. To-morrow the Investigation
into the treatment of a patient named
Iverson will come up. Iverson suffered
from a broken leg and It Is alleged that
Dr. Stocking was negligent in treating
him. Dr. Stocking is first assistant physi
cian and this Investigation is said to he
caused by Dr. Sponogle and his friends,
who are afraid that Dr. Stocking wil» be
promoted to medical director.
It Is certain a new medical director will
be appointed as a result of Schaffer's In
vestigation. The candidates for the place
are numerous, among them being Dr. S.
P. Tuggle of San Francisco. Dr. C. 11
Freeman of Angela Camp, Dr. G. B.
Bowles of ikiah. Dr. Thomas R. Good
sin of Wllleta and Dr. J. F. Burns and
Dr. William Simpson of this city and Dr.
Marvin of Humboldt.
SOLD STOLEN WHEAT.
Woman Arrested on a Charge of
Grand Larceny.
DIXON, Aug. 8— Mrs. M. Ichtertz, a
farmer's wife living eight miles south
east of Dixon, and a farm hand were ar
rested yesterday on a grand larceny
charge for the theft of 259 sacks of wheat
from the farm of James Miller, a neigh
bor. They were taken to the County Jail
at Fairfield by Constable Staton this
morning to await their preliminary ex
amination. The grain was hauled to
Davisville. a distance of twelve miles, on
the nights of August 3, 4 and 5 and sold
at that place. The thieves wore tracked
by the officers, the grain located where it
had been sold and the arrests followed.
A Diminutive Baby.
SANTA ROSA, Aug. B.— What is in many
respects the most remarkable child ever
born in Sonoma County made Its appear
ance at the home of Mr. and Mrs. L. Mor
rison, near Windsor, on Wednesday.
Shortly after her arrival the little miss
was weighed, and fully dressed she tipped
the scales at Just a pound and a half.
Both the father and mother are very
proud of this little daughter. She is as
bright and active a youngster as one
would wish to see, and despite her dimin
utive size bids fair to soon overcome the
handicap placed against her by Dame Na
ture in the race of life. Two days after
her birth the little girl was comfortably
cradled ln an ordinary vegetable dish.
Changes at San Quentin.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON, Aug. B.—
Governor Gage proves an able second of
Warden Aguirre in the work of nepotism
now going on here. The howl over the
creation of a special office for Don Jose
Aguirre has scarcely died away, and yet
it is definitely learned that at Gage's be
hest Aguirre Intends in the near future
to appoint John Reaves of Los Angeles,
a brother-in-law of the Governor, to suc
ceed Victor ("Hardin as captain of the
lower gate. Reaves is now here and un
dergoing instructions in his duties from
Gllardin. It Is understood that Gllardln
is to be provided with another position.
Cooper Does Not Blame Montague.
Phil Montague says that in no manner
whatever did he attempt to cajole Harry
Cooper, who went his security for a bill
of printing with the Sunset Photo En
graving Company. Cooper, according to
his statement, agreed to stand good for
something less than $20 worth of goods
and not for any indebtedness which was
incurred later. While no limit was placed
upon Cooper's original agreement Mon
tague says that this was understood and
that Cooper holds him In no respect re
sponsible for the recent attachment
placed upon him. "The Sunset people,"
says Mr. Montague, "filed this attach
ment simply because of a little grievance
they had with Cooper. They know that
they will get their money from Bloom and
myself as soon as the books which they
finished for us are placed on the market;
but they are taking advantage of Cooper's
kindness to us to give vent to their own
personal spite against him. Cooper knows
this and holds us In no way responsible."
Nicaragua Canal Report.
At a. meeting of the trustees of the
Chamber of Commerce yesterday it was
decided to request President McKinley
to have printed the report of the Nicar
agua Canal Commission. While parts of
this important document have from time
to time appeared in the press dispatches,
the article In its entirety has never been
publicly presented. The members of the
local chamber desire to learn what was
gathered by the Investigation of the
commission of the proposed Isthmus
waterway. They believe that the report
would be read with interest by every
mercantile and commercial body .a the
United States. A resolution was passed
requesting the Secretary of the Treas
ury to make an Investigation Into the
San Francisco Bay quarantine station,
and especially its water supply,' with a
view to lmnr.o__ia._ie same. . 
SEARCHLIGHT
WINS THREE
FAST HEATS
Not Crowded at Any
. Stage.
ALWAYS A HEAVY FAVORITE
— ♦ — ■
CALIFORNIA HORSE OUTFOOTS
FRANK BOGASH.
Driver Lockwood Protests Against
the Postponing' of a Race George
Carney Had at His
Mercy.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BUFFALO, N. V. ( Aug. B.—Search
light's three heats in the 2:04 pace at
the Fort Erie grand circuit meeting
this afternoon were the fastest ever
paced or trotted in Canada. Frank Bo
gash was not able, however, to crowd
the winner to the limit. Searchlight al
ways sold a heavy favorite In the pool
ing.
A big crowd turned out for the second
day of the meeting. Spear laid up Royal
Baron, the Merchant and Manufactur
ers' stakes winner, for two heats in
the 2:24 trot, the Electricity stake, and
then came on and outfooted Owyhee at
the wire for two heats. With the pools
selling $25 on the Baron to $5 on the
field they came out for the fifth heat.
Spear took the Baron far back and in
the stretch, although he was surely
catching the leader, one hundred yards
from the wire it looked like a fight. At
that time, however, the Baron left his
feet and galloped under the wire sec
ond. It was a big upset and Nick
Hubinger dropped a lot of money.
After three good heats ln the 2:20
trot the sun, at 7:10 o'clock, was still
streaming over the track, but the
judges decided to postpone the trot un
til to-morrow. This did not suit Lock
wood, with George Carney, who had
two heats and was beating his party
to pieces. He protested to no avail and
then, after the judges and spectators
left, he came out alone and did a mile
in 2:38 and claimed the race on the
ground that there was no occasion for
postponing the race and that the rules
sustained him. The judges to-night
said they would call Carney to-morrow
with the others, and if he did not show
up they would expel Lock wood.
Electricity stake, trotters. 2:24 class, 12000—
Owyhee won first, second and fifth heats. Time
2:13%, Ml-,. 2:14. Royal Baron won third anil
fourth bents and was second. Time. 2:10*4,
2*l2*'. Amiss was third. Belleeorlte, I-ady
Oeraldlne, Farris. Gold Lace and Bert Herr
also started. _.-„„ ~ _ _*
Pacers 2:04 class, purse SloOO— Searchlight
won in 'straight heats. Time, 2:05*.. 2:04%,
203* A Frank Bog-ash was second and Ana
conda third. Bessie Bonehill and Borough
Park also started. . • _,_._
Wagon race for trotters owned in Erie
County silver loving cup— Cracksman won
third and fourth heats. Time, 2:19*.. 2:2» 2
Volunteer Medium won flrst heat ln 2:l4** an.l
was second. True Chimes won second heat in
16*4 and was third. __,___,,
2*20 class trotting purse $1000 (unfinished)—
George Carney won second and third heats.
Time 1-16*4 2:14*4. Venus 11. won flrst heat in
2*l_'i' Palm Leaf, Willard Saunders, Dorothy
S Viola Nell Gwvnn. Sadie M and Letah S
»
EASTERN RACE-WINNERS.
Kinley Mac Takes the Union Hotel
Stakes at Saratoga.
SARATOGA. N. V.. Aug. B.— big crowd,
fine weather and a good track were the con
ditions at the Saratoga track to-day. Results:
Five furlongs— Teddy won, Sakhrat second.
Lieutenant Gibson third. Time, 1:01%
Six and a half furlongs— Hurly Burly won,
General Mart Gary second, Clonsllla third.
Time, 1:21.
United States Hotel stakes, one and an
eighth miles— Kinley Mac won. Lackland sec
one. May Hempstead third. Time, 1:64.
One and a sixteenth miles— won, Atha
mas second. Strangest third. Time, 1:48.
One mile and an eighth— Charentus won,
Ktnnlklnnlc second. Satirist third. Time,
1:54%.
DETROIT, Aug. The weather was clear
and the track fast at Windsor to-day. Results:
Seven and a half furlongs, Cuirassier
won. Rena Campbell second, Ballista third.
Time, 1:36%'  „, _
Five furlongs, two-year-olds, selling— Eous
won, Front second, Two Annies third. Time,
1 r, 'i' '
One mile, allowances— Red Pirate won, Junja
second, Lady cf the West third. Time, 1:42%,
Five and a half furlongs, two-year-olds—
Aureo wen. Dissolute second, Daily Report
third. Time, 1:10%.
Six furlongs, selling— Nellie Baker won, An
nie Lauretta second, Bridal Tour third. Time.
Six furlongs— Montanus won. Nekarnls sec
ond, Locram third. Time, 1:15%.
CHICAGO, Aug. B.— Weather clear, track
good at Hawthorne to-day. Results:
One mile selling— Emmanora won, Deceive
second, Ramla third. Time. 1:4*1%.
Five and a half furlongs— Florlzzat won,
Hanford second. Dramburg third. Time, 1:09*4.
One mile and a sixteenth— Cherryleaf won,
Carnero second. Crocket third. Time, 1:47*4.
One mile and an eighth-Espionage won Go
tobed second, Harry Nutter third. Time. 1:54*4.
Six turlongs, selling -Mitten won, Azua sec
ond, Lomond third. Time. 1:1«%.
One mile— La Josephine won, Sllvertone sec
ond Aureole third. Time. 1:41%.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. B.— The going at the Fair
Grounds to-day was heavy and sticky. Re
sults*.
Maiden three-year-olds, six furlonga-Kather
ine D won, Stella Berkeley second, Lady Mem
phis third. Time, 1:17%. "" „-
Selling six furlongs— Necklace won, Clarando
second. Lula W third. Time, 1:18.
Selling one mile— Ladas won. Elsmere sec
ond * Lord Neville third Time. 1:47"..
Selling two miles and an eighth— Kodak won,
Basqull second, Jack Bradley third. Time,
3'sS*4
Selling, six furlongs— Ferrol won, Harris
Floyd second. Sorrow third. Time, 1:16' 2 . _
Selling, two-year-olds, five and a half fur
long"—Havlland won. Elbe second, Morris Vol
mer third. Time, 1:11%.
Martin Wins a Handicap.
LONDON, Aug. B.— Martin, the Ameri
can jockey, won the Shlfnall plate handi
cap of 106" sovereigns on Miss Primrose at
Birmingham to-day. Escurvial was sec
ond and Winsome Lad was third, In a
field of seven.
COURT NOTES.
Daniel Burke, charged with robbery
for having relieved M. Cernltore of the
sum of $115 and who pleaded not guilty
to the charge, was allowed to withdraw
his plea and plead guilty to a charge of
grand larceny by Judge Dunne yesterday
morning. Sentence will be passed on the
Edward R. Gray, a bootblack in a bar
ber-shop at 11 Sixth street, swore to a
! complaint in Judge Conlan's court yes
! terday for the arrest of James Crawford,
I a bootblack In a rival barber-shop, on the
! charge of assault with a deadly weapon.
I Gray accuses Crawford of striking him
! over the eye with a hatchet. —
Michael Frabitsky, a crab fisherman,
who has come into prominence several
times through his fortitude in marrying
his mother-in-law, appeared in Judge Mo
pan's court yesterday on a charge of bat
tery upon his good wife. Frabitsky, after
retting divorced from his first wife, mar
' ried her mother, Sophie Macoroni, but
I they soon separated. On Monday night
j Frabitsky met Sophie on Broadway and
immediately attacked her, kicking and
! knocking her down. The Judge will ren
i der his decision to-day. .v.."w ;.
The case of Mrs. Mary Parry, charged
with the murder of her husband, Frank
I Parr*', -was called in Judge Graham's
I court yesterday morning, but her attorney
I stated that she was ill and by .consent
j the preliminary examination was con
tinued till August 16. -i' --:- : :
The case of Joseph Forun, hackman and
ex-corivict, charged with robbery in tak
| ing $22 from Vlncenzo Fistrano, barber at
i Golden Gate avenue and Hyde street, on
j Saturday night, was called In Judge Mo
gan's court yesterday and continued till
i August 15. ■ytf.yy tf-tf t
SAD FRANCISCO
FAVORED WITH
A NEW OFFICE
J. P. Jackson Jr. Gets
the Job.
- — ♦ —
SECRETARY TO HIS FATHER
— —
COMPLIMENTARY APPOINTMENT
BY THE TREASURY.
♦
New Berth Created by the Presiden
tial Civil Service Proclamation.
Salary Two Thousand
Dollars a Year.
Customs Collector Jackson is being con
gratulated by his friends upon the high
esteem in which he is held by the Secre
tary of the Treasury. A year or two ago
the Secretary appointed Stanley Jackson,
one "of the Collector's sons, to the im
portant position of Deputy Collector, at
a salary of" $3600 per annum, and only a
month ago the Secretary appointed an
other son, John P. Jackson Jr., as the
confidential clerk and secretary to Collec
tor Jackson, at a salary of $2000 per an
num. •
Five sons remain unappointed.
Collector Jackson modestly refrained
from informing the reporters on the Fed
eral detail of the good fortune which had
befallen him. The news leaked out un
officially in the usual Custom-house way.
"No," said the Collector yesterday when
asked about the matter. "I did not make
the appointment. The Secretary of the
Treasury made it. John has already as
sumed his official duties. He was ap
pointed in July." - '
One pleasant feature in connection with
the appointment in the fact that John I .
Jr. will not be overburdened with work.
Stanley Jackson is special deputy and
acts for the Collector and signs his name
in his absence. Knotty problems of Cus
tom-house law and of International
comity solve themselves automatically as
soon as they are brought within the po
tent influence of the official halo that
brightens the desk of Chief Clerk Jerome.
Stenographer Walter D. Hoyt does all the
official letter writing and typewriting for
.the Collector, so that John P. Jr. has a
clear field for his confidential duties.
The office is a new one, and was cre
ated by President McKinley in his re
cent civil service proclamation. By the
terms of that document Customs Collec
tors whose receipts in any year aggre
gate $500,000 or over are entitled to a con
fidential clerk and secretary, at a salary
of $2000 per annum. Owing to the creation
of a new duty— that of 10 cents per pound
on tea and the increased business caused
by the war— the receipts of the San Fran
cisco Custom-house for the fiscal year
ended June 30, 1899, overflowed the $500,000
limit, and, therefore, made:
Customs Collector John P. Jackson
happy- _ , _ ,
Deputy Collector Stanley Jackson
happy. .■■'_ _ _
Confidential Clerk and Secretary John
P. Jackson Jr. happy.
ORGANIZATION OF
FUEL OIL EXCHANGE
MEETING OF MEN INTERESTED
IN THE INDUSTRY.
Wendell Easton Is Elected President
and He Appoints a Governing
Board to Engineer the
Project.
A meeting of representative men in
terested in the fuel oil Industry was held
: yesterday afternoon in the Merchants'
Exchange for the purpose of establishing
j an oil exchange for the handling of the
' State product, which is assuming large
! proportions owing to the many discoveries
of oil wells throughout the State. Thirty
j charter members were present and the
meeting was called to order by Wendell
Easton.
In outlining the plan of the organization
Mr. Easton stated that the fuel oil industry
| in this State was in its infancy and that
the supply was now being met by the de
! mand. As new properties were discovered,
however competition would become keen
and prices would go down. It was the. In
tention of the promoters to establish an
oil exchange similar to those now in op
eration In Pittsburg and London. The
exchange contemplated the selling of oil
under the certificate plan as now used in
other exchanges, which will assure fair
prices for the article. The meeting then
elected the following officers: President,
Wendell Easton; treasurer, Henry J.
Crocker; secretary, Emile Kahn.
The following committees were also
elected and will act as the governing
board of the exchange: Committee on
administration— Joseph Kahn, T. L.
Wooster, E. Gauthier Jr.; committee on
securities— Werner Stauf. Leon Phipps,
Marion Leventrltt; committee on finances
—George F. Beveridge, Louis F. Mont
eagle C. S. Benedict; committee on arbi
tration—Jesse W. Llllenthal, Fred W. Me-
Near, George A. Moore.
The meeting adjourned to meet next
Tuesday afternoon at the Merchants' Ex
change, when further plans for the or
ganization will be outlined.
Municipal Gas Plant.
SAN JOSE, Aug. S.— Santa Clara, which
is a model municipality, has decided to
erect a city gas plant. The town already
owns its own waterworks and electric
lighting plants. The Board of Trustees
has called a special election for Wednes
day, September 20. for the purpose of vot
ing for a bond issue of $30,000 to erect a
gas plant. Five per cent premium -s ex
pected on the bonds. Plans and specifi
cations have been prepared for the ga3
plant, and It is expected to have it in
working order before the end of the year.
Pj 6434 SOLD IN CALIFORNIA ■
10434 SOLD IN CALIFORNIA I
%*_W I
BICYCLES
MM THOS. H.B. YARNEY, Market & 10th, S.F. . |f§
mm Open Wednesday and Saturday Evenings. ||Jl
FAREWELL TO
THE OREGON
VOLUNTEERS
Away for Home and
Civil Life.
SPEEDING PARTING GUESTS
KISSES FOR THE COMMANDER,
CHEERS FOR THE MEN.
Payday at the Presidio— A Month's
Money Is Distributed to
Every War-Worn
Veteran.
The Oregon Regiment has gone home,
' the cheers of the city's farewell still
i ringing in the ears of its men aid the
' soldiers' throats still dry from the lusti
ness of their good-bys. They went in a
body, not all from the Presidio as had
been the intention, but they were all at
the ferry depot, and there the regiment
trooped on board the 3 o'clock boat, men.
women and children following after and
all loth to leave or be left behind.
It had been announced to the men of the
regiment before they left camp on Mon
day that they should all march away from
! the Presidio yesterday at 1 o'clock. It
' was not an order, for by 1 o'clock yester
< day the regiment was no more, but it
was an appeal to the men. Human nature
1 could not stand the strain, however, and
: when 1 o'clock came there were not over
100 men at the camp, and a good propor
i tion of these were officers. They were
'■ formed in line by General Summers, how
ever, and with the parting admonition,
i "take plenty of intervals," the men moved
! out of the "post after the Utah men and
: the Nebraska band, who had volunteered
1 to escort them as far as the ferry.
The officers marched together, four
! abreast and after them came the men.
1 There was the involuntary step of the
: trained soldier and the even pace and
1 straight lines and the uniforms, but there
; the military element stopped. The men
: were too happy to keep silence In the
ranks and they did not have to, anyway,
so they laughed and chatted to them
selves and to the crowds which gathered
! and they spoke to friends and called to
! strangers and had a glorious time gen-
I erally all the way to the water front.
The band played its prettiest ana the
artillerymen marched their best, but then
! they were still soldiers, not citizens, as
were the men they led. And It was bet
ter that way perhaps. One was the vol
unteer In service; the other the volunteer
mustered out, and the difference between
■ them told the story of the war and why
there need never be a standing army. The
Utah men will soon march down the street
as gay and happy and light-hearted as the
| Oregon men, and some other waiting regi
ment will walk as sedately and as sol
dierly before them.
On the way down the line of Oregon
men grew larger, for some were waiting
for it at every crner. They just tagged
|on behind, for there was no company
; formation, just a simple column of fours:
no commanding officer, just an old friend
i at the head of the line, and the line kept
! itself with nothing but the habit gained
in months of hard drill to direct it. They
| marched without incident except a few
! displays of enthusiasm by some women,
• who to show their Interest in the regi
ment rushed from the crowds and Insisted
I on kissing General Summers.
At the ferry there were at least 600 men
awaiting the line from the Presidio. They
began coming before 2 o'clock, and before
the boat left at 3 they crowded the ferry
! depot above and below. The parade
! reached the water front In good time for
; the 3 o'clock boat, and after good-bys and
; waving of hats and handkerchiefs, and
: cheers and smiles and tears, the men
boarded the boat and were borne away.
At the Oakland mole their train was
waiting for them. It was in three sec
tions. The first got away soon after the
men reached the mole, and then the oth
ers slipped out after It, and before night
the last of the Oregon men were on their
way home.
It was payday in the volunteer camps
at the Presidio yesterday, and as a conse
quence the Utah. Nebraska and Pennsyl
vania men stayed in camp until that inter
esting ceremony was over. Each man
l drew pay for the month of June.
Colonel Girard, commandant of the gen
i eral hospital at the Presidio, is preparing
! to discharge all men able and willing to
be discharged under the recent permis
sion of the department allowing the dis
charge of men before their regiments
come home. He will discharge between
I thirty and forty men at .once. *
The sailing of the transport Morgan
: City has been set for to-morrow, Au
gust 10.
Lieutenant B. H. Dorcy, Fourth Cav
alry, has been assigned to the transport
Leelanaw as quartermaster and commis
sary. The Leelanaw will sail August 14
with 250 horses. The Slam will sail on.
the same date. She also will be loaded
, with horses. Captain Joseph P. O'Neil
will sail on the Stam as quartermaster
, and commissary.
First Lieutenant Andrew E. Williams.
Third Cavalry, has been assigned to the
! transport St. Paul as quartermaster and.
j commissary. The St. Paul is expected to
! sail August 14 with 150 recruits for the
' Third Cavalry.
On a surgeon's certificate of disability
; leave of absence for a month has been
granted Second Lieutenant Hiram A.
Piatt, First South Dakota Volunteer In
-1 fantry. A month's leave has also been
granted to Second Lieutenant Henry M.
Merriam, Third Artillery.
Acting Assistant Surgeons Thomas C.
Stunkard, William H. Tukey and Henry
H. Bradley have been ordered to report
for duty to the general hospital at tho
, Presidio.
The remains of the late Colonel Haw
; kins will lie in state at his home in Penn
sylvania until his regiment is mustered
out in this city and returns to Pennsyl
vania, then the body will be interred with
full military honors. ■.*■.,*•■'■.
A vote was taken yesterday In the sev
! eral companies of the Pennsylvania Reg
iment as to whether they would return
'to their State as a regiment. The result
; was unanimous In favor of such a course.CROCKER GIVES
ULTIMATUM TO
WINE-GROWERS
A Strong Appeal to
Self-interest.
*■ — -
SECRET INFLUENCES AT WORK
— ♦ — —
OPPOSING DEALERS ADVISING
AGAINST HIS CONTRACTS.
♦
Ihe Capitalist Frankly States His
Position and Warns Grape Men
He May Withdraw His
Offer.
The situation in the wine business In
connection with the offer of Henry J.
Crocker to pay $14 and $12 per ton for
grapes for a period of seven years is
assuming an ominous aspect so far as
Mr. Crocker is concerned. The growers
seem to have overlooked the mostly ex
perience of many years past when the
market for grapes was an open one and
there was no fixed value. This is in
dicated by a statement issued by Mr.
Crocker yesterday bearing upon the
issue at hand. It seems that there are
certain parties, merchants and wine
makers, who are urging the grape
growers not to sign the contracts. A
comment made on this feature of 'he
case and which should guide every
grape grower in arriving at a conclu
sion is: What guarantee will the men
who are opposing the signing of the
contracts make as to the price of grapes
for the next seven years? This is a
query that Mr. Crocker and his finan
cial backers would like to have taken
into consideration. Mr. Crocker's
statement follows:
© The position of the viticultural ¥
•v interests of the State is as follows: <$>
O I have made an offer to the grape O
<•• grower which has grown out of my <?>
0 experience in handling the Wine O
-y Makers' Corporation. '«>
9 The grape grower has an offer C*
■* never before dreamed of in the his- *>
9 tory of the State and after months °
*! of consideration with all the open- ¥
9 ness and fairness of public meet- °
*** ings and press comment, and sub- <**
O *••' * to the most searching criti- o
.;. cicm, he decided almost unani- ,;.
0 mously to accept my proposition. Q
; The marplot now steps in con- .
'~ sisting of the wine maker or deal- *?
9 er, who advises the grape grower ~
-'^ to reconsider his opinion; tells ¥
9 him I am getting up a gigantic O
*■•• trust, and that I am a detriment **■
9 to the business. 9
• As president of the Wine Mak- £
V ers' Corporation I took hold of 9
£.' their affairs. I secured them over '*'
t" a million dollars to harvest their 9
' crops. 1 paid the judgment of *_)
9 J137..»J and sold their wine, for 9
'--' which they could not get 7 cents '*'
0 per gallon, for 12 to lo cents per 9
«• gallon. I paid back the money 'i.'
O borrowed out .if the result of these ,7,
.;. sales nd then resigned, as I had 'X
q given over two years of my time <"*.,
<$> to their affairs; was neither offered <->
O nor would I take any remunera- <*,
<v tion for my services. q
O When they concluded to settle up A
<$> their affairs I was asked to think 1.
C of a proposition that would meet 9
.♦■ the views of all concerned, and '-'
6 the suit was my offer of $14 per O
<t> ton. • <.»>
I shall withdraw my offer as
soon as the wine maker or dealer
works the disruption of my plan.
He is an active worker in the fleld;
his footsteps are plainly visible,
and when in the future the grower
compares the offer he will receive
from these parties with mine he
will be able to measure the conse
quences.
I have nothing to say in behalf
of my offer. I am not in the fleld
to make it go, nor have I any
agents except self-constituted ones
who see the beneficial results to be
obtained.
I have the funds secured for
seven years to carry out my plans.
I shall endeavor to make it a pay
ing proposition to the grape
grower, the wine-maker and the
dealer, as well as a safe invest
ment for the financial Interest
backing It. and shall take my prin
cipal compensation In the satisfac
tion of having benefited a great in
dustry and added many millions of
dollars to the wealth of the State.
MECHANICS' INSTITUTE FAIR.
Preparations for San Francisco's Big
Show Are Well Under Way.
The trustees of Mechanics' Institute
held a special meeting last evening to con
sider matters pertaining to the annual fair,
which will open in the pavilion on the
night of September 2. It was decided that
the opening exercises should be held In
the pavilion on the opening night, instead
of in some downtown theater, as formerly.
A communication was received from tlie
Regents of the State University to the ef
fect that they had appropriated $200 for
the university exhibit. A letter was also
received from Mrs. Phoebe Hearst offering
to place on exhibition the plans for the
contemplated improvements at the univer
sity after they have been passed upon ny
the Judges.
The work at the pavilion is progressing
rapidly, and the Filipino actors will begin
training for their exhibit at once. All the
Filipinos are in good health with the ex
ception of the baby born a few days ago,
which is suffering from some infantile ail
ment.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh street, corner Mission. Bait
water direct from the ocean.
RHEUMATISM
Cured by a Drugless Method Which Appeals to the
Common Sense of the Average Man.
Drugs rareiy cure Rheumatism.
j&£££s. When they relieve it is at the expense
"IjSl? fep^JV) -«»---*/^_**----n_ °^ •* ie digestive organs. They can't
n^\ Xf-~\ i A^ftf^^L &yy\ reac ' 1 congested and crippled joints
ll \\ jSir/l I \ I-° remove -I"" 3 deposits of urea or
ll v r/_/^7 / •— — *-_*>\ I ■ jr,c ac ' c * ••" irou _' l •• ie circulatory sys-
\\ p-»v i\ Vv In I >__rt--^-' \ I tern anc * ou * °' t-ie ~" oc '-' ky wa y °*
\V__?TT~~^v\M > v I t^_-_// the excretive system. is This expense
jjO _-*-**y7^%r--->_. °' Ie d'Restive organs. They can't
Ir-^£ZJM reach congested and crippled joints
/A J , to remove the deposits of urea or
■tff / . — -T\ i uric acid through the circulatory sys-
1/ j yv,_/_r ' / tern and out of the body by way of
tr I ry^Jl the excretive system. This only will
= n&JS2r[\i ___f^y / cure *' ie disease -
h^y~^L\ Dr, McLaughlin's Method of Self-
fw^^W\ | Ji\ Applied Electrical Treatment
nl/ j*. -^ \WIP Tones, stimulates and equa iz?s the
' lOU'i/-**' circulation. Infusing nerve energy
-*_3_S^'" -'-»"- *-,*•-, the bod/ to the extent of satura-
tion by electricity, it enables it to force out the poisons of Rheumatism
and fortifies it against the attacks of disease
My method is safe, gentle, sooth pleasant, strenglhening and
helpful in all cases My claims are substantiated by hundreds of men
and women who were cured by my method after drugs and other means
had tailed.
CALL AND TEST IT TO-DAY-MY BOOKLFT FREt.
Come and let me show you how grandly superior it- Is to every other
known method of treatment, -You can test it free. If you cannot call,
write for free book telling all about it. This book is full of truths for
weal" men, and will help you.
T*_ TUTAIIffT ■__• 702 M»rt»t St., oor. Kei.ni--, 8. T.\
Dr. M. A. McLaughlin, a?t%&." a ■""■ Md B4WBI
Office Hours-S a.m. to 8:80 p.m.; Sunday.. 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG-TORES.
WALTER LYON JUMPED
FROM THE FIFTH STORY
WALTER LTON committed suicide in a spectacular manner yester- €
day' day moming by plunging from the fifth story of the Donohoe build- 4
ing on the corner of Market and Taylor streets to the street below c
His brain had become affected because of sickness and lack of <
""" employment, as a note found on the corpse indicated. .<
' Lyon was about 22 or 23 years old and resided with a family named A ex- %
ander at 1046 Folsom street. He had formerly worked in the sugar mill of <
Louis Saronl's candy manufactory, but was obliged to leave that position ,
because of sickness. <
The note found on the body was in leadpencll and read as follows.
Having been -.uttering with an incureble DESESE untill driven almost Insane I have
at last resolved to end It all. Respect fully, «_ -** 1 " *
Thomas Tobinson. assistant -janitor of the building. while making his 1
rounds a half past 5 o'clock yesterday morning discovered that room No 87 ,
on he fifth floor had been broken open. A pane of glass had been smashed -
and the catch lifted, admitting the intruder. Mr. Tobinson entered the room •
and saw Lvon on the coping outside the window. <
•What are you doing here?" demanded Tobinson. _..__-  . M
"I don't know" replied Lyon, who was walking back and forth upon the *■
stone coping, which was not more than eighteen inches wide. 4
"Why did you break into the room? " asked Tobinson.
"I don't know." replied Lyon. i
Tobinson ran to the room of Janitor Edmund Haynes and awakened him. <
Haynes dressed hastily, while his assistant went downstairs after a police- «
man Patrolman O. B. Merrick appeared and the three men went to the .
room next to that through which Lyon had got upon the coping. ,
">lv friend" said the officer, "you are in a dangerous place. You d 1
better come inside. You'll fall if you stay out there." 4
T yon glanced at the policeman for a moment, then joining his finger tips
together and extending his arms after the manner of a diver he plunged ,
OW The a odv of the suicide struck on the network of telegraph and tele- 4
Phone wires, then bounded off and fell into the street about three, feet from J
ff "curt Th unfortunate man struck the pavement with the top of his #
head "nd the skull was fractured in so many places that the scalp was as «
i _1 o_ the skin of a bear. Death was instantaneous.
100 J smgular ".incidence is the fact that some time ago Annie Stewart <
a San Rafael girl with whom Lyon had been keeping company, committed J
suicide by jumping out of a window. j
Lyon's body is at the Morgue. ,
AFFECTATION
UNDERMINING
RARE TALENT
MO one who makes theater going |
a habit can tail to note the ,
awful epidemic of voice affecta
tion that is sweeping over the J
dramatic land. Scarcely a the- ,
! ater in San Francisco to-day but offers
I the sad spectacle of at least one young j
woman of talent rapidly working herself
into the idle ranks of the profession by
the cultivation of certain false methods
of delivery. The affliction generally takes
the form of tricks of speech, faults
mainly gathered from the star, to whom
they "arc natural and consequently tol
erable though not admirable, and given
to a suffering audience in various degrees
of perversion. Nor are the men far be
hind In the race for dialect supremacy.
In fact, I think they are winners. And
these are young men and women of m
tellflencl, too, and so occupied are they
with the 6 ' absorbing ■ business of making
Their dialogue almost unintelligible to
everything back of the fourth row that
' thly start out with one pitch at i 8:15 and
' never alter It until 11. when It is to be
: hoped they recover their right minds
and their natural tongues, thus showing
to their friends a mercy denied to us.
i This monotony of pitch is sometimes ag
gravated by a monotony of strength and
i _ long dialogue of many shades of senti
-1 ment is delivered as though the language
of a cook book were being "steered into
, the ears" of a multitude of deaf
'■ "The 1 musical beauty of a well modulated,
unaffected delivery cannot be too strongly
emphasized as the only worthy ambition
of an intelligent tongue, and if we are
not in time to depend entirely upon panto
mime for our Information, for mercy s
: lake let the misdirected energies of these
talented people be diverted into their
Proper channels. Elocution is not to be
i recommended, but a season of distinct,
,' cfearf utterance would be a delightful re
! laxation after the tension of so much con
j centrated trying to hear what has not
• been said. In a criticism of play and
! players everything cannot be -noted, but
i silence on the subject need not be mis :
taken for "winking at delinquencies.
I The error of their course is calculated in
I time to be very profitable to the waiting
student, for these mistaken people are
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 9, 1899.
rapidly mouthing on to their last public
speech. Too much toleration is fatal, and
given lips, tongue, teeth, palate and a
diaphragm in normal conditions the "in
articulate genius" is unpardonable.
CHARLOTTE THOMPSON.
Tivoli's New Prima Donna.
Long after the echoes of the present
I Tivoli grand opera season have died away
I there will remain in the memory of those
I who attended "Faust" last evening a
| Marguerite the like of which is but rarely
I found. You may have heard the role ren
i dered by vocalists of wider reputation
1 than that of Mme. de Pasquali. you may
have succumbed to the fame of one or the
other Marguerites, but it is an indisput
able fact that you have never heard it
sung any better. Mme. Pasquali's so
prano is so caressing, so pure, that it
i rings in your ears like the dying sound of
j a silver bell. She phrases with an exacti
| tude and care that bring every note into
bold relief, and, most of all, she sings
j with so much taste and warm color and
i a temperament that rouses enthusiasm.
! But one seldom has an opportunity to see
'< Marguerite acted as well as sung and it
la exceedingly gratifying to note that
i Mme. de Pasquali makes the histrionic
part of Marguerite as important as the
musical.
In view of the fact that Mme. de Pas
quali has hitherto devoted most of her
time to concert work it Is but fair to state j
j that after such a tremendous success she j
! should remain on the operatic stage. The j
! Jewel song was a masterpiece of first i
t grade and received two most enthusiastic
encores. In the trio she became even dra
matic and in no instance did she forget >
that she had to be actress as well as :
! singer. Mme. de Pasquali has a brilliant ;
future. She is a native of Boston and !
; studied in New York. This is a striking ,
i example of the fact that America -can
produce great singers without the assist- I
: ance of Europe. _MK"f_f
| ALFRED METZGER.
WANT STORES CLOSED
ON SATURDAY NIGHTS
VIGILANCE SOCIETY FATHERS
THE MOVEMENT.
Mrs. John Pettee Calls a Meeting of
Clerks at Golden Gate Hall and
Proposes Organization of
Clubs.
The Vigilance Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Women, of which Mrs.
■ John Pettee Is the president, held a meet
i ing last night at Golden Gate Hall tor the
purpose of organizing clubs among the
clerks of San Francisco and thus force
their employers to close" their stores on
' Saturday nights. Music by a mandolin
orchestra and an occasional song ' were
rendered to relieve the monotony of the
evening.
M. M. Foote in an opening address
stated the reason for the meeting and the
Issuance of 5000 circulars to the clerks.
What he wanted was the protection of
the young girls who are obliged to work
for their living, and he exhorted all to
lend a helping hand.
Airs. John t'ettee made a lengthy speech
in which she berated the clergy for their
lack of interest in the movement. She
said that the stores should close at fi
o'clock, and suggested a refusal of pa
tronage if no other means should prove
efficacious. Committees will be appointed
to go the rounds and state the proposi
tion to storekeepers. The labor unions
will also be asked to join in the move
ment,
EPWORTH LEAGUE RALLY.
Delegates to Indianapolis Convention
Tell of Their Experience.
A well-attended mass meeting or rally
of Epworth Leaguers, for the purpose of
welcoming home the Central California
delegates to the recent International con
vention at Indianapolis and to listen to
their reports on the result of their suc
cessful efforts to bring the convention of
1901 to San Francisco, was held in How
ard Street M E. Church last night.
Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson, pa_ior of
; the church, made a few remark's and In
troduced Rev. Dr. Case, who presided,
Interesting addresses were made by Dr.
! Case, Dr. Filben, Dr. Beard, Brothers
I Hutchinson. Waste. Norton and several
1 other delegates, the addresses being lib
j erally Interspersed with singing by the
I audience.
Preliminary steps were also taken to
i arrange for the holding of the next con
vention ln San Francisco.
Freight traniferred at low rates. Signal
Transfer Co.. 530 Jones; tel. Butter 441.
QUEER FEATURES
IN THE CASE OF
A DIPSOMANIAC
Death of Mrs. Dr.
Dunn of Fresno.
FOUND DEAD IN HER HOTEL
HAD MADE SEVERAL ATTEMPTS
AT SUICIDE.
Was the Wife of a Prominent Physi
cian, but Could Not Be -
Cured of Her Fatal
■ Habit. • [ 'tfy : tf
**
Mrs. E. C. Dunn, wife of a prominent
physlclan of Fresno, was found dead in
bed In a room In the Grand Hotel about
7 o'clock last evening. Whether or not she
was a victim of self-destruction or wheth-
er death was due to natural causes re-
mains to be determined.
Mrs. Dunn engaged a room during the
afternoon. She told the bell boy, who hud
known her for some time, that she was
not feeling well, and asked to be called
at the hour of 7. The servant advised the
woman to take a good sleep, and she
promised to do so.
At the appointed hour the required call
was made, but there was no response. It
was finally found necessary to force the
door, and Mrs. Dunn was found dead. A
flask of whisky, part of the contents of
which had been consumed, was found on
the table, and a towel had been hung
over the keyhole to prevent any one look-
Ing Into the room. There was no note or
MRS. E. 'C. DUNN.
anything to indicate that the woman had
committed suicide. , :, „
The remains were Immediately removed
to the Morgue. Fulton G. Berry of Fres
no, who happened to be stopping at the
hotel, took the case in hand and at once
arranged to have the body taken to a lo
cal undertaking establishment. He also
telegraphed the distressing news to Dr.
Dunn in Fresno, who announced that he
I graphed in this city this morning.
in in Fresno, who announced that he
dd arrive In this city this morning,
•The deceased had for several years been
a dipsomaniac, and everything possible
had been done by the husband to cure her,
but in vain. She had been here several
months under the care of physicians, out
could not conquer her habit. After in
dulging in liquor she would become mel
ancholy and develop the suicidal mania.
The hapless woman had made several at
tempts to take her life, the latest being a
week ago last Sunday, when she tried to
jump off the Fourth-street wharf. A by
stander interfered and Mrs. Dunn was
taken to the Central Station and locked
up for the night. During her incarcera
tion she asked for a hatpin, with which
to kill herself, and later attempted to tear
open the artery of her arm with her teeth.
On this occasion she was saved by a cell-
I mate. About a year ago Mrs. Dunn took
' - large dose of morphine, and when her
husband discovered the fact she begged
him to let her die and end her misery.
Deceased was a woman of fine presence,
hlehiv popular among her friends and had
the sympathy of all who knew of her
weakness. At the time of her death a di
vorce suit brought by her husband, was
pending. The ground stated for the-ac
tion was intemperance. . - ■
FRESNO Aug. S.-The report that Mrs.
Svbll Dunn' had committed suicide caused
no Teat surprise among her friends in this
city Those who knew her best, including
her husband. Dr. E. C. Dunn, felt re
lieved when they heard that the unfortu
nate woman had at last succeeded in end
ing her strange and wayward life.
Dr Dunn was seen last night, and while
he tearfully spoke . of his wife's fatal
craving for alcohol and it life blight
r Dunn was seen last night, and while
tearfully spoke of his wife's fatal
,-lng for alcohol and how it had blight
ed her life and his own. he preferred not
to 'say anything further for publication.
When he sued Mrs. Dunn for divorce he
declared that he did so . not because he
did not love her but because he felt com
pelled to protect himself against further
financial loss. 'tftf-
DIED ON THE STREET.
Mrs. Mamie Cusick Found Lifeless in
a Doorway.
Mrs. Mamie Cusiek. a woman about 26
years of age, was found dead in a door
way at 1646 Market street about half-past
6 o'clock last evening. The cause of her
death is yet a mystery, but it is the opin
ion of many persons who knew her Chat
she succumbed to natural causes, the re
sult of overindulgence- in liquor. tf-i'o
Pedestrians on Market street found the
unfortunate woman crouched in the door
way and summoned Officer T. F. Conno- l
lv The policeman, thinking that life
might possibly not he extinct, called a
patrol wagon and had her driven to the i
Receiving Hospital. Upon her arrival
there it was found that she was dead and
the Coroner's office was notified. Depu- j
ties Flaimigan and La Combe conveyed I
the .body to the Morgue.
Mrs Cusiek a husband was a paper- '
hanger in this city and has been dead one j
year. Since then the woman has been i
working in families and drinking exces- I
sively at times. Her father resides in St. I
Helena and her mother is dead. Mr.-. Ellen
Cusiek. the mother-in-law of .the dead
woman, resides at' 6S Herman street, at
which address the latter has recently i
made her home at intervals.
An i-iouest will be held on the remains I
to determine the cause of death. Nothing
was found on the body which would pro
duce death and the only theory at pres
ent is that the unforunate woman was the.
victim °- drink. . _*. — ;
t m *
A Soldier Insane.
Fred Miller, a discharged soldier of
Company F, Third Infantry, went violent
ly insane at ' the corner of Market and
Third streets last night about S o'clock.
He was taken to the Harbor Receiving
Hospital. Miller was discharged from the
army for reason of disability.
"Cars stop here," this Is the sign'
The Market-st. Railway wish to define.
Pegamoid Aluminum does It for them;
Opposite "Call Bldg." 'tis a gem.
STEAMER NOYO
RUNS AMUCK AT
MISSION WHARF
A Flood Tide Caused
All the Trouble.
; '. — —
QUICK RUN FROM AUSTRALIA
CITY OF SYDNEY CHARTERED
BY THE GOVERNMENT.
Machinist on the Relief Burned With
Ammonia and a Negro Cut .
With a Hatchet by a
Bootblack. .
■-''.-. • »_■ '
j The steam schooner Noyo did consiaer
• able damage at Mission street wharf yes
\ terday. She was coming in deeply laden
; with lumber, and before the headway
could be stopped the flood tide took con
trol and the steamer crashed. Into the
, wharf. About eight feet of the stringers
, " an'_ planking were torn up and one of tne
shipping offices on the wharf was knocked
: over. The steamer was not damaged very
much and the shock of the collision was
! not felt to any extent by the passengers,
j The bark Colusa arrived in port from
, Kahului yesterday with a list to star
! board. She has aboard 30,150 bags of sugar
; and some of it has been damaged. On
; August 5 and 6 she was caught In a strong
! northeast gale. A very heavy sea fol
lowed, which caused the vessel to labor
i and finally shift cargo to starboard. The
j Colusa has not been ln port for a long
: time, as she has been in the lumber trade
! between Puget Sound and Australia-
' The French bark Jacques arrived from
Newcastle, Australia, in the good time of
sixty-three days yesterday, and was fol
lowed into port a few hours later by the
1 American bark General -*airchild. in a
passage of eighty days. The French
barks Jacques, Bretagne and Dugesclin
, all left Newcastle, Australia, for San
1 Francisco on the same day, while the bark
Lamoriciere sailed a week ahead of them.
Each captain expected to be the first to
reach this port, but Captain Bernadac
beat them all and at the same time made
the best run of the season.
There was trouble on the ship Standard
' yesterday. The tug Rescue was alongside
ready to tow her to Portland to load for
Australia, when at the last moment Cap
| tain Backus refused to go out in the ship.
j There was a hurried consultation, and
I about 4 p. m. a lot of extra supplies were
! put aboard. Finally, the matter was ad
justed and the ship was towed to sea.
• The steamer City of Sydney was char
tered by the Government from the Pa
cific Mail Steamship Company yesterday.
She will be got ready at once to carry
troops to Manila.
Hugh McCreedy. a machinist on the
hospital ship Relief, met with a peculiar
i accident yesterday. He was working on
; a valve of the Ice machine, and thinking
all the ammonia was out of the reservoir
■ he was not as careful as he might have
| been. Suddenly the stopcock blew out
and struck him a severe blow on the chest
that doubled him up. As he bent forward
I the ammonia spurted out of the open vent
| and struck him full in the face, burning
him very badly. He was treated aboard |
the Relief.
m
j Harbor Commissioners Meet, i
At the regular meeting of the Harbor
Commissioners yesterday afternoon Chief
Engineer Holmes submitted plans and
specifications for the construction of the
Santa Fe terminal, car ferry and freight
slip, at the foot of Main street. The plans
were adopted by the board, and Secretary
English was directed to advertise for bids.
The Santa Fe officials were invited *o
meet the Commissioners in their office on
J Thursday at 11 o'clock to express their
views as to when they desire the slip com
pleted.
The approach to the slip is to be 400 feet
I long, and an apron. 100 by 24 feet, will be
i worked by hydraulic power and a coun
terpoise weighing 100,000 pounds. The
bridge proper will weigh 200,000 pounds In
all. It is thought that the slip can be
completed by January 1. 1900.
Informal bids will be asked for the lay
ing of a bituminous pavement in front
of the ferry building in anticipation of
the return of the California Volunteers.
The sewers now* being constructed on
Dupont street were ordered to be* contin
ued into the bay across North Point
street, which is State property, at a cost
of $1500. ;
M. Cordes addressed the board on the
| subject of eucalyptus piles, and will dis-
I tribute eighty of them along the front for
! experimental purposes.
Captain Monroe of the steamer Pro
greso, which ran into Main-street wharf
recently, sent a cheek for $35 to repair
the damage, as he considered himself to
I blame. The captain's voluntary action
excited the favorable comment of the
j members of the board. ; ;-tftf .■,-. .-.--,*,
General Superintendent of the Army
i Transport Service Charles F. Long sent a
■ communication requesting the use of the
1 berth on the south side of Folsom street
dock,- known as pier 12, as the present !
I wharf facilities are entirely inadequate !
I for the needs of the service. Commls- i
i •doner Harney and Chief Wharfinger Hen- !
! derson will look into the matter- and re- ]
j port to the board.
I BABY WAS SMOTHERED.
Ethel Ward, One Month Old, Killed
by Its Two-Year-Old Brother.
Ethel Ward, an infant one month old,
was accidentally suffocated by its 2-year
old brother last Monday night at the resi
dence of its parents, 1211 Steiner street. !
The children slept together with their
parents in one bed. the 2-year-old sleeping
|at the foot. At a quarter after 7 o'clock
yesterday morning, when the parents
awoke, they found the 2-year-old boy ly
ing fast asleep on the baby's head. The
baby was dead. The little boy during the
night had crawled up to sleep beside Its
parents and had accidentally smothered .
his baby sister. _."*__ , >
The parents are verj* poor but have nine
children living out of eleven born- ,
• THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. __.
Xy-¥¥¥¥¥¥v¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥*^
¥ P. Dehmtl, Ned Kelton' V
fr oA,*,Af.r C _-. i||B. i' ,T "^ JW iUBB*«» rf * v --'^ «
* _*_ near *!S_--_ss_».jS**°i' *
* _. ;■ _ . C/djrQßniASLAP>czsT— Americas. CßAriDESTSTOfiE. .-' I
#, Popular prices. J rie v ,
■fr ;■;•*.- ;-•-:•■,.,-! ; \  *. . ,_ -C
I I
* J|if__i»_'__> _?»«*#«-* As advertised last Sun- J
J men 9 &un& dayt we offer for the J
* f_ l _ni*tf*_'__a_'«/l# entire week your unre- J
* rK&gUi-tSiriy served choice of 20 J.
» *$?___ JiM *»3&f ■'-a *^_F^_f styles and colorings of <t
* -_P_r_e_ft£?«_F^ V*+*9 V*%* Men's Fine Suits. This *
J and $17*50; season's latest in Sack <f
; -assu jps i *&%* 9 SuitSj sjng i c or double *
]TMs Week slo.7s. J^^^JS S
* that were from $12.50 to $17.50 for tf//_t 7_fs *
J mPfsJ?.fm2 <#
J " " "* " Invesligite this clothing offering, fye make it to J
fr quickly clear this season's stock and make room ■¥
¥ jor incoming Jail and winter clothing. 21
¥_ - $
£ The Utica Bicycle $20.85. |
: * p *^-_ _* '- , * ie big store offers at ? ec - al sa ' e to-day
* y?r LL ''__ only a wheel that in joint of coustructon,
, J j^^^tf^tfX ,===: **_x material and finish cannot be excelled !>/ any _•
: J //^s\l'/^\\ _^A\ii'^v\ * 35 or •P 40 bicyc'e on the market. Before ♦
j * ,/ *J>^- aYjL^r /r^Vi^^Ai leaving the factory eaci wheel is carefully in- *
fr \\^ r j*y__^ / **TN^ A -■ffcyr-}} spected and testea in every part, and ne pur- *
* tf^j/jT^ \_^' T\ _/^ chafer is'further protected by a guarantee to T
* y^^—^S » v^Jirf-*x make good at any time up to Januar-* 1, 1930,
J any imperfection or defect in material or
J manufacture, not caused by misuse or neglect— 22 and 24 inch frames— ladies' or <*
£ men's models— maroon or black, striped and ornamented— &*&§]s _9__fe %
fr on sale to-day only at V™*'*''"*' *
» J
J A Manufacturer's Sample Line. *
* To-day only we offer a one-third less than regular prices, 4
! J a maker's sample line of Shell Combs, pompadour, sine and bacK comb**— 4
! J plain and with Rhinestones. Also plain eMstic, beaded and fancy ribbon Belts, ¥
'■ #, with enameled buckles— also a few new BuckleSm Quantities limited. *
j 5. : J
I J For Wednesday Only. For Wednesday Only. _
i Persian Fle:ced ba _ ' Sale of Men's We p' ac . 8 J
* _-» «*-■•_*» -V_- cashmere fin- *f__^_l-___-__ — oa sale this
* Flannels 7c. tab, stylish Necnwe tr. moming «
J Persian pa terns, jut the thing for and until closing time to-night <#
■ & morning wrappers or a serviceable 100 dozen pieces of Men's Washable ¥
» house dres*-, regular price 10, tier . and Reversible Neckwear, pretty pat- ¥
¥ yard, on special sale to-day on v.. 7c terns, fat color-, four-in-hand or cub *
I fr " * ties, regu'arly 25c eaci, on special V
*__»_ _ _ , , »_1 sale to-day....". 3 for 25c 1
I * Wednesday Specials in J
J Cloak Department. *
! J $1.2-. Eiderdown Br ess ing. or Wednesday Only. *'
I ? SaCttUeS— Striped i *-.. variety of _ r #- f te I _ 36 inche, J
! t colors, crocheted edg-, ribbon trim- Pri fitGCi wi de p-et «
* _.^ d 'r> ail si , zes "w _____; %?°Silkolines 6c designs, 5
» $1.00 Percale Wrappers - Three ga?h J ,
* styles, variety of 1. -ut and dark colors drapes or comforter covering, _,_„,._ J
* _■_••;' Underskirts P* ice 10c per yard, on spec i sale * 0 J
J ' —Pink, green and lavender, striped «ay on! G ° *»
J and figured, full width, deep ruffl?, ,
fr while quantity on hand 1a5t5... 51.68 _■
* For Wednesday Only. *
* For Wednesday Only clothes Wringers, J
5 Handsome st£Sgl*S $1.33. |
j Stationery. i Dg Paper, Family gize Cothe3 J
J commercial size o«ly, in French velour. Wringers like pic- *
fr E,gl.sh vellum, English linen and ** *P t *- hardw^ od -_.
J superfine finish. Any of the following |g g f _m=, two top set *
» tints: Heliotrope sapphre azure, lS^^^ s rew can he ad- J
» cream o b ue, or, special sale to-d.y -Hte -g*^l ju?ted to fit any J
J only, box of 24- sheets and 2o en- ; fffl^_____V fa i tub> double J
J ve'opes I»C JlJSi^ g^ rubber rollers, an *
fr *- — exceptional offer- ♦
I * /for Wednes lav Only. irg, specia' for to- *
i * MiiiinerV Aborted lot of La- day only / -'- ? - ? *_
& ijniiiinery dies , and of La- ______^_ *♦
i * ivi u emery djes , and Migse^. *
2 SpeCiaiS. Sailor Hats, *
J checked and two-tone fancy s raw. al < For WedlUSdiy Only. $
* fiz.s, wh le the lot on hand lasts. .ZsC J
* Assorted lot of 50c Colored Wings .nd . Toilet ArtiClCS. «ff
2 Fowers, Epscial to-day on y, cho'ce __ - _^_ --_._ _. , «
* f or 5© Genuine Scidlltz Powders, pack- J
i * As oVt7d"ior'of"7s""Flower-','aVr;inds, | ed , in *!■» ..oxe.-on special sale to-day
fr on special sale to-day only Wo on'y, So per hox-ex'raordinarys*ze
J , ' boxes .-. foO _"
I % t- ... j j y^> Mitchell's celebrated Medic ii Sea ¥
Z For Wednesday Uny. Salt, put up in large packages— sp >- *
\t i 'iWfAC-' _/_»■«#« Ladies' Jer- cia" to-day only Go *
!8- «-»»»-»•» WCf»«d gey _ ib _ Toilet Paper— Fine quality Boudoir J
j^ Of* Pan bed, me- tisue, the best value ever offered in J
5 dium weight Fleeced Ervptian- Cotton this line— at to-day's special price,
| » Vests and Pan s— Vests hi.h neck and rol or squ .re packages 3o _
I * long sleeves. Pan _ ankle lengt l — ¥
I ♦ colors cream or natural gray, excellent *
j * value for and so d everywhere at 20c JfjU'sdaV, Friday, Saturday _*
T each, special for torday only, per gar- „,,,.,_ ->
1 J ment 12 A C GrOGCrV These splendid offer- «
: -. m ~ ings in guaranteed v
I c* F>«/ 7 7 /-i ; SpSCiaiS. Gro^er.es and L q - «
J TOr Wednesday UnlV. . uors are for 3 days, beginning to-mo.-- «
{% /3 ir #__#•__/ The genuine im-; row morning: "-8*
fr Zl_^fa _r__ proved Oxford .Best E stern Breakfast Bacon— for 3 *
* BlbleS 79C. Bible, divinity day?, rer lb f_* o J
? circu t, round corners re 1 und :* gol Kingslord'S Corn Starch— i
J edges, size s*_x7*_ inches. Th is the lor 3 days .5 ftkgs for 3So *
J m ,,t Emporium Bast Mo zha and Java <
I J valuable .J. 11l ill .__tP»' ■' Coffee— H days. per 1^...3_?c «
i> ' bib ica! SI ■---_-_----»; yy^*> — 111 Macaroni, Vermicelli and *
¥ compil- |B|__;.i.-5 -wi-Mi. I Spaghettis boxes— for • J
* for' |«*i__ ' _"■:-_• --■;_ ,11 ; "Extra" Selected Ousters— *
¥ for ■•!!= r'- : I '"Extra" Selected Oysters— l-tt 2,
J ' teacher Bfi ="__ '- -"-" jii t'ns, new pack — compare taem with
J or stu- Hi " -*rTr--- I[A tte best that you ever had— for 3 days
» dent yet /&____—■---__ i_s^_____l I 5 tins ""°- : " * '—^ffo «'
fr pub- _i^_i ___tt_pßa^H|__P Another xrpu'aT Port and Sherry •-
Ift lished. "e_ii»***-****--«flS_»***-^ "**^«*_F Sale — R'guar 50^ bottles— or ■ *
* contains 15 full-page plates. 15 maps days 300 *
■*"" with a genea! as an i £25 page 3 of Claret (a choc* table wine) — Re^u- *
$ concordance and helps, pub i^her's .ar y 50* gallon— -m- 3 days 33c <j
J price $15), * cur guar price 9 "c. Old Reserve Whiskey Ifull quart • ot- ,3.
a special price to-day only ...79c\ ties)— 6 years old 75c
'■<¥■'- yy.- s ■■'■■■ a
> vf^x
PIONEERS' REUNION.
Surviving Passengers of the Old
Panama Meet in the Bohe
mian Club.
The surviving passengers and crew of
the ship Panama, which arrived in San
Francisco Bay fifty years ago (August S,
1*49), were the guests of George D. Dor
nin at the Bohemian Club last evening.
There were present William H. Bod
fish, son of the captain; ex-Supervisor
William H. Hilton, capitalist. Berkeley;
Harry N. Morse, of the Morse Detective
Agency and George D. Dornin, Insurance
n*anag"er. George W. Dornin, a Native
Son, was also a guest. >■■'-:. -.■ tf
A reminiscent letter, excusing himself
because of illness, was read from Henry
Williams of the H. A. Williams Company
on Market street, ■ Ctftftf- -'.-•.
The ship Panama, Captain Russell S.
Bodtish, sailed from New York on Feb
ruary 3. 1549. and after a voyage of IS6
days, reached San Francisco on August S. ]
Her passengers and crew numbered 220
souls. ■■* '-.."'■ ■'•".-'-•" :"
Soon after her arrival the Panama was
sold to Macondray & Co. and utilised as ;
a storehouse. Subsequently she was sold !
to the Seamen's Bethel Association, :
hauled up on the flats in the neighbor- j
hood of the present Sacramento and Da- |
vis streets and converted into a church,
the space between decks being utilized
for church purposes. A more pretentious i
superstructure was placed upon her sub- j
sequently. She was burned in one of the I
«arl** fires.
■! ■:-ry Cr :":-r tfy ;yy: -y .'■?** r.'-r^V',':. ■ - '.tf::?'tf
COURTING TRADE.
Manufacturers', and Wholesalers'
League to Entertain Their
Guests.
The officers of the Manufacturers' and
Wholesalers' League are highly pleased
with the progress made by the members
in perfecting plans for inducing buyers
to make their purchases In this city in
stead of sending orders for goods to the
East. As has been previously stated, it.
is necessary to offer some inducement to
the country merchants to make the de
sired change, and this is what the
league is doing. In the first place efforts
will be made to have buyers come to the
city and deal with the wholesalers direct.
One important feature is similar to that
practiced by the wholesalers of some of
the Eastern cities, offering transportation
to and from the city at greatly reduced
rates.
Several of the railroads of the Coast
States have offered rates that will make
transportation very cheap. More than
•this, the rates will apply to the families
of the prospective buyers. The officers
of the league yesterday received a com
munication from the proprietors of the
best hotels in the city stating that they
would make reductions in board and lodg
ing during the stay of-the visitors from
the country. The-managers of the thea
ters also agreed to entertain those In
dorsed by the league at special prices.
56
WEDNESDAY AUGUST -9, 1899
•JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address Ail Communication! to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
M ULICA'I OFFICE ..Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone '.':■ D 1868
I DITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
AMUSEMENTS.
California— "The Fairy Godmother."
Columbia— "Brother Officers."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Orpheum-Our Heroes' Fund Benefit, Thursday afternoon.
AUKUht 17.
Tivoli— "TYovatore."
Alcazar— "The Lady of Lyons."
«*rard Opera House — "Falka."
Chutes, Zoo and Free Theater-Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening. _ , ...
Olympla, corner Mason and Ellis streets-Specialties.
f_tro - Swimming Races, etc.
AUCTION SALES.
By A_ W Louderback-This day. at 2:30 o'clock. Turkish
UU^yVon 2 Rh^ln r> 4 £ C^:T_ur B aay. August 10. at 12 o'clock.
*%*?% ,„_ 10. at .00-C.OCK
HorsJ«. at comer _t. Ch_ries .tzeet and B__le avenue. Ala-
meda. _-_-__———-——— _-—_____.
Mf-IKE IT A PUBLIC HOLIDAY.
rROM tlie degree of popular interest already dis
played in the work of preparation for the wel
come of the California volunteers it is evident
that on the occasion of their arrival in the city the
people will be satisfied with nothing less than a pub
lic holiday. All classes of patriotic citizens will desire
to participate in the reception, and it is but right they
should have an opportunity in the freedom of a gen
eral holiday to do so.
While the date upon which the volunteers will ar
rive is not known and cannot be definitely determined
at this time, the arrangements which have been made
ior the reception are such as will allow the Governor
ample time in which to issue his proclamation for a
holiday on the date when the troops will land. Ac
cording to the plan adopted for the reception the
transports will arrive at the Faraliones at noon, and
the news of the arrival will be at once dispatched to
every locality in the State. If the Governor then act
promptly in declaring the following day a legal holi
day, the information can be received in time to be
acted upon throughout California-
It is right and fitting that such a holiday should be
declared. Californians have a just pride in the record
of the volunteers, who were the first to respond to the
call of the President for the war with Spain. In the
Philippines they distinguished themselves for valor
and discipline even in that army of ardent and heroic
men. Having been the first of the volunteers to enter
the service they are among the latest to be discharged.
.They turn to us, therefore, with every honor that
accrues to those who have faithfully performed the
dangerous duties of a soldier's life, and it is but nat
ural all citizens should feel a desire to join in the
throngs that will welcome them home.
The preparations that have been made by the com
mittee in charge of the reception are of a nature that
w ill fully serve for the demonstrations ot a public
holiday. The decorations of the city by day, the il
luminations at night, the parades, the receptions and
the other festivities will suffice to make the occasion
one of the most festal in our history.
• The number of persons directly interested in the
occasion, including the relatives and friends of the
volunteers, the Native Daughters and the Native
Sons, is so considerable that every portion of the
community and all classes of citizens are within the
sphere of their influence. All, therefore, will desire
the freedom of a holiday in which to join in the cele
bration. A widespread, popular demand of this char
acter ought to be gratified. All business and labor
should be suspended for the day. Every clerk and
every workingman — all employers and employes —
should have the day free for the untrammeled delight
of welcoming the heroes home.
STREET PAVING .SUGGESTIONS-
WITH the current number 'of the Merchants' As
sociation Review the third anniversary of the
association is noted, but no adequate summary
is given of the work accomplished for the year. The
neglect was doubtless due to the amount of space re
quired to publish reports dealing with important is
sues of our municipal government.
The leading place in the review is given to the re
port of the committee upon the tax levy for the year,
a subject which has been so fully discussed by the
press as to render further comment unnecessary, par
ticularly as the levy has now been made within the
dollar limit recommended by the association.
The discussion of street paving is continued from
the July number, and the experience of Eastern cities
is cited for our guidance. The report is made by L.
M. King, superintendent of the association, and is
based upon personal investigation of street paving in
the East.
Of our bituminous rock pavements it is said they
are unsatisfactory for three causes first, they are
composed of a natural mixture and therefore not of
uniform quality; second, they are not laid in the best
manner; third,, they are not kept in repair, and when
repairs -ire made the work is frequently poorly per
formed. It is stated that if a binder course were laid
over the concrete, thus securing firm adhesion be
tween the foundation and surface coat, and the pave
ment were rolled with heavy steam rollers imme
diately after being laid and while hot, much of the
waviness and uneven surface would be avoided.
Of the basalt block pavements it is said they should
be laid on concrete foundations, and the joints filled
with gravel and asphalt or coal tar cement. It is main
tained, however, that we should no longer confine
ourselves to the use of bituminous rock, basalt blocks
on sand and cobbles, but make use of asphalt, vitri
fied brick and asphalted wood.
The conclusions, which are the same as those re
commended by President Dohrmann, are as follows:
'.'First — Admit asphalt, vitrified brick and asphalted
wood block pavement under proper specifications.
Second Change the specifications for bituminous
rock paving so as to require the use of a binder, and
also that the pavements shall be rolled while hot with
steam rollers. — Require that all business streets
when repaved with basalt blocks shall have the block**
laid on a concrete foundation and shall be grouted
with gravel and asphaltic cement. Fourth Arrange,
if possible, so that all pavements shall be guaranteed
for ten years with good surety bonds. Fifth — the
work of repairing the basalt block and cobble streets
shall be done systematically. Sixth That the city it
self undertake the work of making repairs over
trenches in the pavement made by corporations and
plumbers. Finally — Do away with the prevailing idea
that cheapness is the main consideration. Good work
costs money, but, if properly performed, is always
worth the cost"
THE PRIMARY ELECTIONS.
BY the results of the elections yesterday the ex
cellence of the new primary election law has
been fully attested. A closer scrutiny when
more time is given for a study of all the details of its
j operation may disclose minor defects here and there,
! but of the essential merit of the law there can be no
| longer any dispute. It has given honest citizens an
! opportunity to take part in the primaries with the as
| surance of having fair play, and they have to a large
tent profited by.it.
The victory and the triumph of the day is the sue
! cess of the better element of the Republican party in
i the contest against the bosses. That contest was, in
j fact, the only important issue of the elections. At
the Democratic primaries it was but a struggle of
.boss against boss; a case of dog eat dog. From the
' results of the Democratic primaries, therefore, no
. : valuable lesson can be drawn.
In the Republican primaries the contest was made
|in earnest for good government. The taxpayers, the
I property-owners, the industrious working-men of the
: party, responded to the appeal of The Call and took
; up the fight against the would-be bosses of the party
: j and achieved a signal and impressive victory. The
I party convention will be made up of representative
j men, to whom the people can look with reasonable
; expectation for a good ticket.
It is now clear that under the new primary law good
! citizens will be no longer at the mercy of a political
: boss, and if they surrender to him it will be their own
! fault. Republicans have shown they will not consent
; to have their party controlled by bosses having head
i quarters in saloons and relying for power upon ward
strikers of the lowest type. In .the Republican camp
: the saloon boss has been overthrown, and encourage
! ment has thus been given to the better class of Demo
j crats to make a similar fight for the purification of
'. their party in the next election.
For the present the political interest of the city
: centers in the Republican convention. It matters
, little whether the Buckley gang, that of Rainey and.
the Examiner or that of the Committee of One Hun
: dred win out in the Democratic fight. A strong Re-
I publican ticket, nominated by such men as were j
I elected yesterday, will command the votes not only of ]
all Republicans but of all independent citizens and of j
I a considerable number of Democrats who have suffi- j
, cient intelligence and civic patriotism to set the pub
j lie welfare above mere partisanship.
j Every indication of the day points to a triumph for
good citizenship in the coming election. The worth
iof the primary law has been vindicated. The business
! men and the workingmen who, in compliance with
! the urgings of The Call, left their private interests for
I a while to go to the polls have the satisfaction of
; knowing this morning that they have saved their party
; from the domination of saloon bosses and taken a
! long step toward assuring the inauguration of the
j municipal government under the new charter by a
! thoroughly representative Republican administration.
As the platform of the Democratic State conven
tion in Maryland says nothing at all about free silver,
; or gold standard, or anything else relating to the
j monetary problems of the country, it may be accepted
! as an evidence that Gorman is in the fight against
Bryan and is making it easy for all sorts of Demo
• crats to stand with him without crowding one
I another.
There was a deficit in the revenues of the Treasury
in July amounting to more than $8,500,000, but as it
was the smallest July deficit we have had in five
years, there is nothing to fret about. A few years
more o( Republican administration and we will be
having another surplus for Democrats to howl over.
It appears Carnegie has been appointed a "Justice of
the Peace in Scotland, which shows what a difference
there is between that country and ours. We some
times make a millionaire out of a Justice of the Peace
in the United States, but we never make a Justice of
the Peace out of a millionaire.
LOST IDEALS.
A SHORT time ago Mr. Vardaman, a Demo
cratic leader of some repute in Mississippi, an
nounced his opposition to the education of the
negro and said:
"It is folly, and criminal folly, to talk about ad
vancing the negro race by education. The negro
is not permitted to advance, and his education simply
spoils a good field hand and makes a shyster lawyer
or fourth-rate teacher. It is simply money thrown
away. Booker Washington's school is no better than
the others. It would be all right in a nation of
negroes, but it is useless in the South. There is no
field of usefulness for its graduates. We might a3
well look the matter squarely in the face. It is .futile
to attempt to elevate the negro. The education of
the race would be a discouraging task under any con
ditions. Under those that exist and will continue to
exist in Mississippi it is simply preposterous."
Prior to the outbreak of imperialism and the new
craze for "killing niggers" in the Philippines for the
purpose of extending commerce, such a speech, com
ing from a responsible leader in the South, would
have been greeted by the Republican press with con
demnation short and sharp. The conscience of the
North would have been appealed to, and Republicans
would have been everywhere aroused to continue the
struggle' for enforcing throughout all parts of the
Union the law which gives to the colored man, as
well as to the white man, the right to an education
and to the freedom to enjoy it.
It has been noted by the New York Post, however,
that no such outburst has taken place now. In fact,
some stanch Republican papers, even in New Eng
land, speak rather commendingly of it. The Post
points to these comments as an evidence that Republi
can ideals have been lost, by such papers as have been
affected by the imperial craze, and they are now as
willing to make the negro a mere burden bearer in the
South as to reduce to subjection the natives of the
Philippines.
In summing up a review of the changed tone of so
many imperial organs, which still call themselves Re
publican, the Post says:
"We are maintaining absolute government in Cuba,
and trying to set it up in the Philippine Islands.
Whoever does not submit and obey is shot, just as ob
streperous negroes are shot in the Southern States.
Doubtless our fellow citizens of the South would
say that after the negroes had been taught to submit
and behave themselves they might be elevated. But
they demand entire submission first, and no imperial
member of the Republican part}', nor any militant ex
panisonist. can consistently denounce them. Our Gov
ernment has adopted the "shotgun policy" abroad, and
people that support it are estopped from condemning
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 9, 1899.
similar practices at' home. This result is exactly what
was predicted when we rushed into war, and it is to be
hoped that many who thought that war might be -made
a civilizing agency are learning from experience what
they would not learn from reason."
Vice-Chairman Stone of the Democratic National
Committee says that in 1900 Democracy will not fuse
with Populism or anything else, so it is clear Tom
Watson pointed a moral even if he did not adorn the
tale of Democracy in 1896.
THE FLIGHT CF THE KISSING BUG.
OUT of the infinite there descended upon the
United States early in the summer a dreadful,
horrible, invisible, monstrous thing, which
soon became known far and wide as "'the kissing
bug." A denizen of the night, black as a bat and as
noiseless as a ghost, the creature came and menaced
the land. So portentous was he, and so widespread
was the panic fear of him, the summer was robbed
of its best joys. No maiden would venture out alter
dark for a moonlight walk, and the boys. who were
caught out after the shades of night had been pulled
down stayed where they were, not daring to go home
until dawn.
The first stingful* kiss of the monster was reported
from New Jersey, but immediately thereafter he was
heard from all along the Atlantic coast, from Cape
May to Bar Harbor. From every salient point on that
long line the rumors started west, and soon reports of
the kissing were heard from every prairie, plain and
j mountain. First we would hear of a gentle girl hay
! ing the kissing spring of her sweet lip broken by a
j caress of the bug, then would come a tale of a young
i man getting his optics bunged out of sight by the
! creature. More fearful stories came later. Tragedies
! began to pour in, and for a time it was a dull day j
with the Associated Press when it did not have sev
-1 eral kissing bug fatalities to give a deep, dark tint to
the news of the day.
During the period when the creature raged almost
I every kind of injury done in the land was attributed !
ito him. Whenever an old soak "had 'em again" he j
j swore he had seen a kissing bug. When Fitzsimmons j
I awoke after the knockout blow, he asked his weeping ;
I seconds, "Was it Jeffries or a kissing bug?" When j
Bryan was silent for a week a rumor ran round the j
I land that the kissing bug had landed him one on the ,
jaw. r !
i For a time all sorts of creatures were suspected of \
j being the kissing bug. Entomologists were called upon
! to examine every kind of insect thing the wide repub-
I lie of the United States can furnish. In no instance,
however, was a specimen of the bug discovered. The
creature remained as invisible as he was dreadful.
', There were swollen lips, blackened eyes and distorted
noses in evidence all over the country, and there were
: veracious and reliable people who had seen the
1 corpses of persons slain by the bug, but the bug him
: self no one ever saw.
Suddenly, without warning, the bug came, and as
j suddenly he went. Mose Gunst never did the turn of
came and went more quickly. The bug was with us all
over the Union but a week or so ago, and now he is
nowhere. The boys and the girls have resumed their
moonlight rambles at the summer resorts, the dark
: ness no longer .has terrors for young or old. The
1 kissing.bug has gone.
During the thrill. of excitement which stirred the
hearts of the people just before the outbreak of the j
' war with Spain a certain, or perhaps it was an uncer- j
tain, yellow journal offered $100,000 reward for the j
men who blew up the Maine. The money has never
i been called for, and the sum is therefore available for
:an equally useful purpose. Let it be promptly offered
: for a kissing bug. j
Examiner reporters may breathe easy again. Now
that the City Receiving Hospital has been reopened
they will not have to submit to vaccination to swell
the list of fake cases in the yellow fellow's latest
costless charity.
A MOVEMENT has been started by the Manu
facturers' and Wholesalers' League to attract
trade to San Francisco through inducements
offered to merchants in the Pacific Coast States —
Idaho, Montana, Nevada, Utah, Wyoming, Arizona,
New Mexico — and British Columbia. Among the in
ducements to be offered are reduced transportation
rates to and from the city, and reduced charges at
hotels and theaters.
Such an undertaking is not a novelty in American
| commercial life. Some years ago Chicago offered
I special inducements to retailers in the Southern States
-. with the object of drawing that vast trade from East
| crn cities to Chicago. The venture proved so success-
I ful that New York was compelled to offer equal in
! ducements not to Southern merchants only but to
1 those of all parts of the country. Since then every
, large commercial center in the East, from Boston, to
I St. Louis, has adopted the plan, and it has now be
-1 come an established feature of commercial activity in
i the older parts of the Union.
The effect of the inducements offered by the rival
| cities of the East has been felt even at this distance,
and not a few Pacific Coast buyers have been moved
by them to make the long journey to the East to pur
; chase, goods that might have been obtained in this
i city upon equally advantageous terms. Such being
; the condition of affairs it is clear our wholesalers and
! manufacturers must exert themselves to hold the trade
i qf their natural market or it will be taken from them
| by their energetic competitors beyond the mountain**.
Of course an enterprise of this kind will have little
or no success unless carried out upon a large scale
and supported by merchants and manufacturers gen
erally. A considerable expenditure of money and
energy will be required to get the movement well
started, and if any large number of dealers show a de
sire to profit by the enterprise without sharing in the
work or in the expense, those engaged in promot
ing it will soon weary. For that reason there ought
to be a cordial co-operation of all dealers who are
concerned in the upbuilding of our wholesale trade.
The plan outlined by the committee in charge of
the undertaking has been well considered. and prom
ises to yield good results. It is one of the many new
movements in business circles which are breaking up
the past conservatism in trade, methods and starting
currents of increasing activity and energy. As the
only metropolitan city within thousands of miles, San
Francisco has naturally a strong attraction to all peo
ple on the Pacific Coast and if the league add to those
natural advantages the further inducements it is pro
posed to hold out to merchants and traders of the in
terior, the results can hardly fail to be of vast benefit
to. the whole community.
It is now evident good citizens will attend primary
elections when they are assured of fair play and an
honest count, and it is further evident that when they
do go to the polls victory is theirs. ,
There will be about as many objectors this morning
to the primary law as there are bosses and ward
striker*
TRADE EXCURSIONS.
"UP AGAINST IT."
From the New York Tribune.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Dr. J. T. O'Brien of Petaluma Is a guest
at the Lick.
Major G. Morton of Los Angeles is a
guest at the Palace.
George R. Stewart of Crows Landing ls
a guest at the Grand.
B. F. Shepard, a merchant of Fresno,
is at the Grand with his family.
Lieutenant E. P. Jessup, U. S. N.. is at
the Palace, accompanied by his wife.
Congressman J. C. Needham of Modesto
is a -guest at the Lick with his family.
Dr. Henry C. Watt of Honolulu is one of
the recent arrivals at the Occidental.
Captain Lawrence W. Parks of London
is among last night's arrivals at the Pal
ace.
Dr. and Mrs. A. G. Griesy of Portland.
Or., are among the late arrivals at the
Grand.
Warden L. O. Henderson of the Nevada
Penitentiary is in the city on a short
pleasure trip.
Thomas O. Toland of the State Board of
Equalization is registered at the Lick
from Ventura.
Dr. and Mrs. F. W. Hatch of Sacramen
to* arrived in the city yesterday and reg
istered at the Lick.
R. E. Hyde, one of the wealthiest and
most influential of Visalia's citizens, is a
guest at the Palace.
, Sheriff Robert J. Langford of Santa
Clara County came up to the city and is
staying at the Lick. /
Henry Gannett of the United States Geo
logical Survey is at the Occidental, where
he arrived last evening.
Dan Jones, a leading attorney and
wealthy mine owner of Lower Lake, is
one of the recent arrivals at the Lick.
Dr. W. A. McCormiek of Fort Bragg
is at the Occidental, accompanied by his
family. He is visiting the city for rec
reation.
W. R. McKenzie, a prominent business
man of Portland, Or., is a guest at the
California. Mrs. McKenzie accompanies
her husband.
W. H. Hudson of Stanford University
has returned from London, where he went
with his bride. They are registered at
the California.
Mrs. J. P. O'Brien, wife of the president
of the Oregon Railway and Navigation
Company, is at the Lick with a party
of friends on a visit of pleasure to the
city. ; .
W. L. Strong, ex-Mayor of New York,
is expected to arrive at the Palace this
morning. He comes to meet his son, Ma
jor Putnam Strong, who is to come in on
the Newport from Manila, where he went
on the breaking out of the war on the
staff of the commanding general: In Mr.
Strong's party are his wife and Mr. and
Mrs. Albert R. Shattuck.
Miss Georgia Spieker, daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. J. J. Spieker, was entertained
at a dinner at the Palace last evening by
Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Leake. The young
lady is about to enter upon a course of
study at Mills College, and the dinner
was given as a pleasant close to the so
cial life which, for a time, she will ab
jure. Among the other guests present
were Miss Birdie Dray and Miss Mamie
Barrett of Sacramento.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. Aug. B.— F. J. William
son and wife of San Francisco are at the
Raleigh. William A. Tucker of San Fran
cisco is at the Wellington.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Aug. B.— Joseph J. Lynn
and wife of San Francisco are at the Hol
land. W. Wilson and wife of San Fran
cisco are at the Cosmopolitan. W. G.
Wallace and wife of San Francisco are at
the Majestic.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
CRACKED TONGUE— T., City. This
department would suggest that If you are
troubled with a cracked tongue you call
upon some reputable physician, who will
advise you what to do.
HIGH SCHOOL— J. J. S., City. To en
ter a high school in San Francisco the
applicant must present a certificate of
graduation from the grammar grade or
undergo an examination.
ILLUSTRATIONS— ReguIar Subscrib
er, City. The illustrations by Howard
Chandler Christie in one of the current
magazines are what are known as half
tone -wash drawings. They are made
With a soft pencil and the shade effects
produced by rubbing with the thumb. The
paper used is moderately smooth good
drawing paper. The tint of the picture
that is. where white effect is desired—
removed with a graver.
NEW ORLEANS CEMETERIES— Em.,
City. As the soil of New Orleans is not
of sufficient density to permit of digging
down into it there are no graves in the
cemeteries, but the dead are all placed in
tombs above ground. Many of these are
beautiful and costly, but the most are
large vaults of masonry, consisting of
rows of cells, superimposed on each
other, generally to the height of seven or
eight feet. Each cell is just large enough
to admit of placing a coffin therein and
Is hermetically bricked up at its narrow
entrance as soon as the funeral service is
over. . .
INGERSOLL— J. J. and Others, City.
In 1884, when the late Colonel Ingersoll
was in San Francisco, he delivered some
lectures. These were replied to in a pub
lic meeting by the reverend gentleman
named in the communications, and he
said: "Before I conclude I here publicly
challenge Colonel Ingersoll to refute any
one statement made by me here this
evening, and if he. cannot bring forward
any better or more convincing reason for
the non-existence of God than a mere
idea, let him. in all decency, retire -from
the profession of infidel teaching and
cease to mislead the unreflecting, the
shallow-minded, the brainless." That
was the -xtent of the challenge. Colonel
Ingersoll did not take any notice of It,
and there the matter ended. .- ,C "
* PRESS COMMENTS ♦
♦ ♦
When We Have the Best of Him.
From Life-.
THE newspapers tell of a curious mis
fortune that has overtaken Archie H.
Brower - of Bonesteel, S. D. Mr.
Brower was part owner of a tent
show, whereof sn important attraction
was an animal which the showman de
clared to be the missing link. They laid
stress on the inability of any observer to
determine whether the creature was a
monkey or a man. Unfortunately, this
missing link got fractious the other day.
and Brower, losing patience, hit it so hard
on the head with a club that it inconti
nently died. Now Brower is sure it was
only a monkey, but the authorities of
Bonesteel doubt his competence as an an
thropologist, and have bound him over
under charge of murder to await the judg
ment of the grand jury.
Uncle Sam and all of us are in a posi
tion to sympathize heartily with Mr.
Brower. We have had a missing link in
our show for nearly a year now, and for
months past he has been fractious, and
we have been pounding him on the head
in the effort to make him behave, squab
bling all the time among ourselves as to
his standing as a ' creature. We must
hope that our missing link, which has
more lives than Brower's, .will survive
the discussion; but, in any case, we
ought to be thankful that no grand jury
is likely to pass upon our actions.
The Examiner's Effrontery.
, Willows Journal.
The Examiner has assumed the role of
Prime Minister, and sends advice to the
President daily.
LATEST STORIES
of the
FUNNY MAN.
He Had a it.
The merchant uttered a sharp exclama
tion and sank back in his chair. A tele
gram fell from his shaking hand. His
eyes were wide, his face white, and beads
of perspiration stood on his brow. The
men in the outer offlce whispered among
themselves.
"Touch of heart disease?" asked one. •
"No; the old man \ can't make up a
note," said another. "I've heard rumors
of that kind. We fellows will have to be
looking for another place." •-.-■■;
"(let to work— he's coming to again."
The merchant wiped his brow, fetched a
despairing sigh, picked up the paper from
the floor, frowned and stamped his foot,
as if to summon all his resolution, placed
the telegram on his desk and forced him
self to read the bitter message. This
was it:
"Dearest James: Please send the waist
for my grosgrain suit at once. You will
remember the one, as it has revers on the
fromage and chain-stitched biases on the
back. It is in the lower trunk in the cup
board beside the back room, under your
winter overcoat. If not there it must be
In the sealed box on the third shelf in the
front room cupboard. If you don't And
it there it must be somewhere else. The
trunk keys are In second wardrobe draw
er, unless they were put in the chiffonier;
and I think the keys are in a vase on one
of the mantels. Pack the waist so as
not to wrinkle it; and, on! James, please
do not swear! Your loving wife."
Needed a Shave.
He had been out so late the night before
that he did not know at what hour he had
come home. When he awoke he was
curious to learn just how "rocky" he
looked. He accordingly reached out for
the silver-backed hand mirror that lay on
the table beside his bed. Instead of it he
got hold of the silver-backed hair brush.
Not recognizing his mistake he took the
brush up and gazed at the bristles for a
moment. Then he felt of the silver back
and then stared back at the bristles.
"Good heavens," he murmured at iast,
"but I need a shave."— Argonaut.
Wild.
"Halloa,- old man, had any luck shoot
ing?" v
"I should say I did. Shot seventeen
ducks in one day."
"Were they wild?"
. "Well, no not exactly, but the farmer
who owned them was."— Tit-Bits.
An old farmer who had been to London
was describing to his friends the splendors
of the hotel he stayed at. "Everything
was perfect,',' said he. "with the exception
of one thing— they kept the light burning
all night In my bedroom, a thing I ain't
used to." "Well," said one of them,
"why didn't you blow it out?" "Blow it
out," said the farmer, "how could I? The
blessed thing was inside a bottle."— Tit-
Bits. . - :'. : ;-./*•'<.' "-
"We ought to hear from those Arctic
explorers." "Oh, I don't know. If they
have found the north pole, this isn't the
time of year for them to be giving it
away."— Chicago Record.
JURORS' SUIT IN COURT.
Appeal Will Be Taken From a Pro
Forma Order.
The suit of William Burch against the
Board of Supervisors, which was .recently
instituted to compel the auditing and
payment of the fees of jurors sitting in
the various criminal departments, was
taken up by Judge Seawell yesterday
morning. Attorney Louis P. Boardman
appeared for petitioner and City and
County Attorney Lane represented the
respondents.
In order to save time Mr. Boardman
consented that a pro forma order giving
judgment for the respondents be en
tered. From this order, on an .agreed
statement of facts, Mr. Boardman will
take an appeal to the Supreme Court,
and as the briefs are about completed
the higher court will soon decide this
important matter.
An Attorney Disbarred.
F. S. O'Donnell. an attorney in Stanis
laus County, several months ago.»ook a
prominent part in aiding a prisoner to
escape from the officers of the law. The
citizens did not take kindly to the trick
and the fellow was arrested, tried and sen
tenced to serve a term in the State prison
at Folsom. The matter was brought to
the attention of the Supreme Court, which
cited him to show cause why. he _hou!d
not be disbarred. Yesterday the court
considered the nature of the felony for
which O'Donnell was sentenced and en
tered an order disbarring him as an at
torney.
REGENTS IRE
SECONDARY TO
THE PRESIDENT
The Business Is Re
ferred to Wheeler.
INSTRUCTORS ARE APPOINTED
Mrs. Hearst Incurs Expenses of Phys
ical Culture Department and
Recommends Dr. Mary
Bitter.
The regents of the University of Cali
fornia met yesterday afternoon, and
though much business was submitted but
little was definitely accomplished. The
absolute power with which the new presi
dent, Benjamin Ide Wheeler, is vested.
and his absence from the meeting of the
regents, necessarily delayed much Impor
tant business. In view of the fact that
the university is to reopen on the 16th of
this month it was ordered that the
"recommendations" be telegraphed Presi
dent Wheeler, and that he immediately
signify his decision in the matter.
A gratifying recommendation the re
gents were called to pass upon was the
following letter from Mrs. Hearst:
"W. A. Mi'Kowen Esq.— My Dear Sir: Replyin-?
to your letter of August 3 1 will write to say
that I stand ready to meet the expenses to be
incurred by the appointment of a woman phy
sician In the department of physical culture.
Since you ask to know my wishes in the mat
ter, I would say that if the appointment be
made I should be glad to see it awarded to
Dr. Mary Bennett Hitter of Berkeley. Yours
very sincerely, PHEBE A. HEAP.ST.
Fleasanton, Cal., August 7, I_>9.
Mrs. Hearst had taken the necessary
precaution of telegraphing to President
Wheeler and submitted his answer, which
confirmed her recommendation. The sec-
retary submitted the following com
munications, which were variously dis
posed of:
Communication from Librarian Rowell,
recommending J. A. Rowell as evening
assistant, his appointment to date from
August* 16, and his salary to be fixed at
$40 per month; referred to the president.
Acceptance of Dr. Charles M. Bakewell
for the chair of associate profesorship of
philosophy. Resignation of Clarence
Weymouth, assistant iv mechanical en
gineering department; accepted. Com
munication from Professor Merrill nomi
nating J. A. de Con, M.A., for assistant
ln Latin, W. H. Alexander as reader in
Latin, with salary of each fixed at $100
per month for ten months, dating from
September, 1899; referred to the presi
dent. -.-- ■•■'■*.•'
Communication from Professor Soule re
rust" 16, and his salary to be toed at
per month; referred to the president.
epiance of Dr. Charles M. Bakewell
the 'hair of associate profesorshlp of
osophy. Resignation of Clarence
-/mouth, assistant iv mechanical en
tering department; accepted. Com
lication from Professor Merrill n»mi
ing J. A. de Con, M.A., for assistant
[-_tin. W. H. Alexander as reader ln
in, with salary of each fixed at SI 1 "'
month for ten months, dating fr^m
tember, _■_>; referred to the presi
immunication from Professor Soule re
sting the board to apply to the Secre
tary of War to substitute 500. modern
Krag-Jorgensen rifles and same number
of new service cartridge belts for use of
University cadets, in place of out of date
rifles and belts now on hand. Adopted.
Communication from San Francisco
Polyclinic recommending appointment as
professors of J. O. Black, M. D.; Conrad
Weil, M. D.. and S. M. Mouser, M. I>.
Referred to committee on medical status.
Communication from Professor Rising
announcing resignation of Instructor R.
S. Morris, and requesting authority to fill
, vacancy. Referred to the president.
Communication from Joseph D. Grant,
president of the Art Association, asking
for confirmation of the following appoint
ments made for the School of Design: Ar
thur F. Mathews, professor of drawing
and painting, dean of faculty; John A.
Stanton, drawing; Douglas Tilden, sculp
ture; R. D. Yelland, sketching and per
spective; Robert H. Fletcher, ancient and
modern history in art; «'. chapel Judson,
assistant professor of drawing; Alice B.
Chittenden, assistant professor of draw
ing; Harry E. Alderson, demonstrator of
anatomy. Adopted. "•■ . '■
Communication from ex-President Kel
logg asking for a year's vacation on full
pay. Referred to president.
Communication from the Paris Exposi
tion committee asking the university to
join in educational exhibit. Referred to
the president. . . * ___
Communication from President Wheeler
recommending the appointment of Albert
M. Whitney instructor in mathematics at
a salary of $1000 a year, and Frank E.
Rose assistant at $500 per year. Adopted.
The committee on finance ordered an ap
propriation of $5000 be made for the neces
sary machinery of Wilmording School.
Aside from the regular business Pro
fessor A. C. Leuschner, director of the
students' observatory, assisted by S. D.
Townlv, assistant professor, submitted an
excellent paper, in which was ably com
pared the expenses incurred in the man
agement of both the State University and
the Michigan University. Leuschner' s
comparisons showed the California insti
tute in a more than favorable light, and
submitted the following figures in evi
dence: Michigan University, 1732 students,
total yearly expenditure $315,114; Califor
nia University. 1633 students, total yearly
expenditure $273,664; individual expendi
tures, California $168, Michigan $IS4. The
paper was placed on file.
The following Regents were present at
the* meeting: Willliam T. Wallace (in the
chair), Mrs. Hearst, A. S. Hallidie. W.
H. L. Barnes, A. Anderson. J. F. Hough
ton, Albert Miller, Arthur Rodgers, E. A.
Denicke, H. S. Foote,- Dr. Pardee, J. B.
Relnstein and Thomas J. Kirk.
ARIONS WILL SING.
Monster Concert on Saturday Even
ing in Honor of New York Club.
The Arions have completed arrange
ments for their monster concert on Satur
day evening in honor of the New York
Arions, the foremost singing society in the
United States, and who on that occasion
will be the guests of the local club. The
concert will take place at Odd Fellows'
Hall and an unusually fine programme of
vocal and instrumental selections will be
presented. ' ■•' .' .
The entertainment committee is making
elaborate preparations for the affair,
which promises to be an immense Success.
The hall is to be handsomely decorated,
and the committee in charge will be re
splendent with green ribbon badges.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce on the ground of de
sertion have been granted Margaret
Burns from Martin Burns, and Silvia
Nelson from Emil <". Nelson. Charles
Kauffman, liquor dealer at California and
Battery streets, has sued Addle Kauff
man for a divorce, alleging cruelty as
ground of action. Suits for divorce on
the ground of desertion have been filed
by Louise E. Brown against Edmond T.
Brown; Birdie S. Milligan against J. F.
Milllgan, and Anna E. Allen against V.
B. Allen. ■." tf- -J-
Cal. glace fruit _>c per lb at Townsend's.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. ** **
A Federal Vacation.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow and
Assistant United States Attorney Mar
shal B. Woodworth will leave for the
mountain region of Tuolumne County this
morning for a short vacation.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, regu
lates the Bowels and ls the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by druggists in every
part of the world. Re sure and ask for Mr*.
Wli—low's Soothing Syrup,. 25c a bottle.
President McKinley and his Wife
Will travel over the Northern Pacific Railway
when they visit the famous Yellowstone Park.
They Intend viewing the new geyser that
spouts a tremendous stream of boiling water
to the height of the Call building. It's a
wonderful sight. Send 6c In stamps for book
telling all about it to T. K. STATELER. Geo.
Agt.. C3S Market St.. S. F.
HOTEL. DEL CORONADO— Take advantage
of the round trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship.- : Including fifteen < days' board at
hotel: longer stay. $2 50 per day. Apply at i
New Montgomery street. San Francisco.VOLUNTEERS' DAY TO
BE MADE A HOLIDAY
Everybody Favors This Plan of
Commemorating the Return
of the Boys,
important Matters to Be Settled at Today's Meetings,
The Headquarters Tent in Union Square
Dedicated.
.-__ ,___ HE suggestion that the Governor
of California proclaim a legal holi
day in honor of the return of th.
__ California boys from the Philip
pines has taken like vaccination.
It was made Monday night at the meet
ing of the Native Sons' and Native
Daughters' commit and yesterday
morning it whs on the tongue of every one
interested in the return of the volunteers.
"By all means,'' was the expression j
from every lip, "the Governor should
proclaim a holiday."
At the committee rooms of the Native j
Sons and Daughters in the California ,
Hotel, at the headquarters tent in Union
square Park, where the Red Cross ladies
will provide for the ease and comfort of
the soldier boys: a* the meeting places of
the various sub-committees of the citi
zens' reception committee, the same an
swer was given to the question.
"Favor it? Of course we do."
On the impulse of the moment many
gave it as their opinion that the holiday
should be that on which the boys set foot
again on their native shore. Others, who
took more time to determine, favored the
da*, following, for the very good reason
that by that time, after a good night's
si.ep. the boys would have had time to
get the cramps of shipboard out of their
limbs and be able to enjoy the good tilings
prepared for them. In addition, it was
urged: little could be ■'■■■•■ for the volun
teers on the day they landed other than
lunch them at the ferry, march them to
the Presidio in the afternoon and again
in the monster procession at night under
the- glow of thousands of incandescent
lamps.
On the day of the i ding, too, it is
urged few employers will insist on a full
day's work from their employes. Already
nuinv have announced their Intention of
making landing day a half holiday. Tins
will be sufficient to allow all to greet the
boys as they steam in. and then how
nicely will come next day with its legal
holiday aspect.
The holiday; of course, will be fixed by
the Governor, but he will certainly con
sult the wishes of the people who propose
it. These wishes will be put in official
form to-day at the conference committee,
and the result will be forwarded to the
Cwernor to reinforce the communication
ordered by the Native Sons ami Daugh
ters asking that he designate California
Volunteers' day.
Another thing that will take tip much
..ft:- attention 6f the conference com
mittee is the question of the time of the
big parade. It was the first intention of
the Native Sons and Daughters, who ini
tiated the movement for the reception,
that it should be held In the afternoon
a* Monday night's meeting they were ad
dressed by \V. J. Martin, W. P. Sullivan
Jr. and Henry McPlke of the citizens
committee, who sought to impress upon
them the advantages of a night parade
under the mass of electric lighting to be j
provided by the decoration committee.
The Native Sons and Daughters took
kindly to the suggestion and forthwith
appointed a committee to meet this morn
ing a like committee from the citizens'
organization. The plan was discussed yes
terday in an formal way. Grand Mar
shal Pistolesl and his assistants inter
viewed a largo umber of those represent
ing organizations that have signified a
willingness to parade and found a unani
mous sentiment in favor of the night
parade. In speaking last night of the
matter. Grand Marshal Pistoles! said:
"While the committee from the recep
tion committee appointed last night has
not yet had a formal meeting, yet the
individual sentiment of each member of
that committee is strongly in favor of the
night parade. It is almost Certain that
each member will go prepared to-morrow
morning to tell the executive committee
that the parade as suggested will be de
cided upon and that the Native Sons and
Daughters will bend all their ; energies to
make the affair a credit to both organiza
tions."
The primary election yesterday was not
allowed to disturb the even tenor of the
way of those interested in preparations
for the reception of the home-coming vol
unteers. Early in the morning dozens and
dozens of the collectors appointed by the
executive council of the nnanoe commit
tee started out books it. hand, to jot
down memoranda of descriptions to the
fund. On every hand they met wit 1 open
armed reception to judge from the flat
tering reports made at the sitting of the
council.
Everybody seems willing to contribute
something to the reception fund and be
fore the citizen collectors get through
everybody will have the opportunity. I*
is the programme now to have subscrip
tion agents in all the districts mapped out
not iter than this afternoon. By Satur
day night most of those who are to be
seen will have been seen.
The headquarters tent was the scene of
much activity during the day. Miss Jo
sephine Molloy. the newly appointed clerk,
was installed in her cosy quarters ready
to do a banking business; electric lights
ere being put in- and the interior be
ing decorated for the dedication in the
evening, which drew thousands of people.
The theatrical managers put in the day
adding the finishing touches to the pro
gramme for the big benefit and making
ready for the big social crush expected
at the Orpheum to-morrow at the auc
tion sale of boxes and choice seats, which
begins promptly at noon. No person who
pretends to be anybody can afford to miss
it. It will be a swell function and enter
tainment in itself that will rival the gen
eral run of theatrical performances and,
best of all, it costs nothing. The Mayor
and many of the beauties of the dramatic
profession will be on hand, a concert and
ait. merit will be given and Olograph
pictures of the soldiers in the trenches
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURERS, MERCHANTS
AND JOBBERS.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
BELTINO.
i j> nC-iE** Manufacturer of Beltingand
L. I. IiEUE-l, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY, Proprietor.
<.--<al Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship
* * " Work.
Office and Workfi-113-115 MISSION ST.
Telephone Main 6045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THESAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Oeary Street, above Powell.
, ..-rtiODICALS, BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
COAL. COKE AND PIO IRON.
j. C. WILSON & CO.,
900 BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1864.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. BLYTH. Mgr. .
C. W Smith, Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
end Ship Work a Specialty. 16 and 18
Washington St Telephone Main 5641.
will precede the sale. You'll never be IT
if you don't attend.
To-day will be marked by. great activity
in furthering plans for the reception.
Meetings have been arranged as follows:
Native Sons' and citizens' committee
THOUSANDS WILL
BE IN THE LINE
THE pa
rade, most
probab 1 y
i> night, t o
mark . the
return of the
California Volun
teers to their
homes, will un
doubtedly be the
largest and most
imposing affair
of the kind ever
held on the Pa
cific Coast. For
months the Na
tive Sons and Na
tive Daughters
have been work
ing steadily to
form, and now in
these few days
that precede the
great event they
see their hopes
being fulfilled be
yond the wildest
expectation.
L. C. Pistoles!,
who has had
much experience
in such affairs,
has been chosen
grand marshal of
the parade, and
from all indica
tions following
him will be a
cavalcade of aids
as long as the
ordinary division
of any previous
parade in the
city. Invitations
have been ex
tended by the
Native Sons' and
Native Daugh
ters' committees
to all the civic
and military or-- ..... _r____j_tie_is •_»__
conizations of the city, to the fraternal ana to "i" social organization,. _-.„,,
one has held back and not one that will not have a body of men in line and
two aids to ride with the grand marshal. ty>a „ ini__i
it there are less than 200 organizations in line and not more than >'•'""'
men it will *.. a surprise all around. Every band in the city will be
Dressed into service and all available vehicles.
The committee keeps open house daily in Its quarters at the California
Ho* el where members of the committee and a corps of clerks are kept
as busy as nailers straightening out the long line.
joint conference on parade. Mayor Phe
lan"s private office, Wan building. 11
o'clock a. m. . ..,
Decoration committee meets at 1.30
o'clock p. m. at the offlce of the Union
Trust Company to settle plans for Illu
mination. ... ... TT--
M.-.-ting of shipping men with the Har
bor Commissioners at the ferry depot, 3
SExecuSv^uncil of the citizens' finance
committee at room 15, Chronicle building,
3 o'clock p. m.
HEADQUARTERS TENT
IS FORMALLY OPENED
A Large Gathering Assists in the
Dedication Ceremonies.
The Headquarters Tent in Union Square
Park was dedicated last night with a
flow of oratory, with music and flreworks
and repeated cheers for the returning
«oldiers, all of which was but a precursor
of the royal welcome that is yet to come.
Promptly at 8 o'clock the bursting of
a bomb announced the opening »1 the
tent In the name of the Citizens Execu
tive Committee, and soon after Master
of Ceremonies A. M. Lawrence welcomed
the people.
"Ladies and Gentlemen," he said, us
chairman of the committee in charge of
these headquarters, [-now declare this
tent devoted to the uses for which it was
intended, namely, -a home for the sol
diers and a place where they will always
be welcome and where they will be un
der the protecting care of the good
ladies of the Red Cross Society, I take
great pleasure in introducing Mayor
Phelan." _.,, • ..:
"San Francisco, said the Mayor, i
putting forth her hand to welcome her
soldiers, and it must be done well. What
ever were the purposes of the war. the
volunteers responded cheerfully to the
call of their country and waged a good
light. They are now returning home to
receive the applause and the ward
FRESH AND SALT MEATS
lAS BOYES & CO., Shipping Butchers. 104
| JA_>- DJILJ tt VU., Clay. Tel. Main 121-4.
HARDWARE
PALACE Hardware Co., Importers and Deal-
ers In hardware. 603 Market; tel. Main 7.'.?.
IR')N FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton & Hedley. Props.
234 Fremont St Castings of Every i'«.
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
'tftf- ytf- , PAPER DEALERS.
Wll I _MF pulp and paper C"»..
If ILLHmLI IL 722 Montgomery Strsa.
PRINTIN3.
C- C- rilJr-ntotii Sansome street.
THE ttlCi-S-JLDJ^^M^a fi, I',1 ', fe
STATIONER AND PRI.NTE't*.
T X PARTRIDGE %£%
YVHi'A-* ASH STE.VVI COA_,/
Mined by the
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at Its
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES.
Is the Best Coal In the Market.
Offlce and Yards— Main street
THE SAN FBAK CISCO CALL, T\ r 1 SPAT, .AUGUST 0. 1899.
which a grateful people stand ready to
bestow. The principal square of the city
has been appropriated for the comfort
and welfare of the soldiers, who may
here rind rest, refuge and the advice of
the ladies of the Red Cross, who will
minister to their wants. A bank has been
established where small deposits may be
left. The soldiers are able to defend their
country, -but are poorly equipped to de
tend themselves.
"I trust that you will all co-op rate in
making the undertaking a success. Let
each one see to it that the return of the i
soldiers is made glad and extend that i
hospitality for which I am proud lo say
our City is famed throughout the world."
In introducing Father Doherty. Mr. -j
Lawrence said: "The reverend gentleman
is fresh from the battlefields in the Phi:- j
ippines." Father Doherty said in part:
"This celebration we are about to give ,
Is only what we owe to them and to
ourselves, and is a debt of gratitude for
glorious deeds unflinchingly performed.
They have proved their invincible worth.
"They must not come back only to re
ceive empty woids of welcome after hav
ing sacrificed everything. Let our citizens
see to It that what happened to the sol
; filers who went to the Sacramento riots
does not happen to the boys of the First
California. Let them not come back and
find that their positions have been filled.
If republics are ungrateful, let it be shown
that the people are not. The sooner the
citizen-soldier becomes the soldier-citizen •
the better for him and his country."
Father Doherty then paid a tribute to
the Red Cross, which he said was com
posed of a noble band of American women
inn.. American soldiers, teaching them
to realize the dignity of their manhood
: and making their return glorious.
Rabbi Jacob Voorsanger was the next
speaker introduced by Mr. Lawrence, who
said that the first soldier to die in the war
was a Jew, a member of Company A.
"I, feel jealous of Father Doherty to
' night," said the rabbi, "for he appears be-
I fore this distinguished gathering with a j
war record. while 1 come In the borrowed .
plumes of the reception committee. I dis- I
! claim that we members of the church
come here as the representatives of any
particular religious sect. We are all en-
I rolled under the banner of patriotism.
Americanism is instrumental, Inasmuch
as there is only one gospel for those who
march to defend the country's honor— the j
Stars and Stripes." *= ' _' .
When Mrs. Harrington was brought for- 1
•ward as the representative of the Red
Cross Society Rabbi Voorsanger cried out:
"The fairy godmother of th.> soldiers,"
and an outburst of applause followed the
clever sally.  tf.
"This ten! as been erected, said Mrs.
Harrington, "to protect the soldiers all
■ along the line. We of the Red' Cross* So
ciety stand ready to furnish them food,
money if necessary and kind words, which
it is said they greatly need. We desire to
show that we will take care of ,the sol
diers to the best of our ability. But we
want more than words of cheer and en
couragement. Business men should put
i their hands very deep in their pockets and
j make the volunteers glad thai they went
to Manila." ... _ _ t>
Addresses were also delivered by Rev.
! William Kader. George A. Knight and
I Major Noble, who represented central
I Shafter. , _ _ _
Among the ladies of the Red Cross who
! attended the opening were Mrs. Hubbard,
. Mr-* Merrill. Mrs. Mills, Mrs. Elliott, Mrs.
Broome'r . Mrs. Worth, Mrs. Cromwell, \
' Mrs. Sanborn, Mrs. Scott and Mrs. O'Neill. :
FINANCE COUNCIL
HEARS GOOD NEWS
I Committeemen Report Splendid
Progress in Their Work.
I At yesterday's meeting of the executive
council of the citizens' finance commit
ter the receipt of the following additional
i subscriptions was announced:
M. A. Guns! _ Co $30
W. P. Buckingham, for Kast
Shoe Company 20
. B. Cohen 11 >*>
Grove P. Ayers reported favorably on
the communication that had been re
ferred to him concerning the appointment
of a committee, to solicit funds at Berke
ley, and the chair appointed the follow
! ing: Ole Vincent (chairman), C. E. Fryer,
J. T. Hill, H. L. Overstreet and V . J.
Mortimer. y'tftftf.tf
Henry Sonntag, who was delegated to
■ gee representatives of the street railways
i concerning subscriptions to the r.-opi*' —
fund reported that he had linlsneU his
labors and had found the railway people I
' willing to subscribe liberally. It would
be necessary for them, he said, to con
sult with their directors before forward
ing checks, but this he was sure they
would do in a very few* days.
The best wav of reaching the other cor
: porations in the city was discussed and
it was finally decided that the chairman
should cause them to be notified by'let
ter that the committee appointed for their
benefit would call on them Saturday for
, subscriptions. This was done to allow
iof consideration of the .matter by the
various directorates. I
A. H. Vail, one of the committee ap
] pointed to solicit among the stationers,
reported that all were willing to do their
share toward swelling the reception fund.
Colonel John P Jackson said collections
were being made freely at the Custom
house. . _-
Chairman de Young reported that of
the 350 men who had been appointed on
soliciting committees, a very few had de
clined to act.
The committee was of the opinion that
encugh funds had been subscribed to
present medals to the returning volun
teers, and they were in favor of -"topping
farther collections in that direction.
I Chairman Patton of the committee which
! has charge of the balance of the fund
I left from the cakewalk, informed the
i committee that It contained $505. It was
1 the unanimous opinion that this should
be turned over to the executive council.
Before adjournment the chair. Informed
the council that all committeemen had
A STRONG ADVOCATE IN
TEMPERANCE'S CAUSE
m T OSEPH MALINS, Justice of the
<<> I Peace and County Councilor of
0 T | Birmingham, England, vice presl
♦ U dent of the United Kingdom Al
°> liance for the Suppression of the
6 Liquor Traffic in Great Britain and
¥ Ireland, vice president of the British
9 Temperance Liquor Society, honor
ed able secretary ot the i ttional Tern
a, perance Federation of the Brit
_ ish Isles, right worthy templar
a. of the Good Templars for the World
0 and grand chief templar of England,
A arrived In this city a few days ago and
O remained in seclusion until yesterday
<*"* morning, when he attended the weekly
O meeting of the Methodist ministers.
• He addressed that body on temperance
9 themes and was listened to with deep
_ interest.
a He outlined his work in the cause of
0 temperance In the British Isles, in
O Sweden, where he was received by
% King Oscar, and told of the hard task
% he had encountered in making head
-6 way in Germany. He also gave an in
¥ terestlng account of how beer Is made
9 and concluded by saying that the .
o boasted strength of that .popular bey- rage has been found by chemistry v
a. tests to be lacking. He claims that it is not a nutriment but in fattening.
O ' Mr. Malms is a ready talker and shows vast familiarity with the sub- 0
+ Ject of temperance. He denied the report which appeared in a temperance <->
6 journal that he refused to be knighted by the Queen, but says he thinks o
-** he deserves that honor for the hard work he has done in a good cause. The <*>
O distinguished visitor is extremely popular in England and has a large foi- O
* lowing At the invitation of Chaplain Macomber of the Presidio he last <?>
° night addressed the soldiers at the army post on temperance work in the O
0 British army. This evening he will deliver a talk to the members of the £
¥ Howard-street Methodist Episcopal Church. <;>
° Mr Matins expects to remain in this city a short time, and during his O
% stay will deliver many addresses. He will then take his departure for Aus- «v
<$> tralla. . <$>
o . °
"fij'O'j'OrO'foru ■*■,■»» ***.*-*.. . _***. . — ._.,_._
; been informed by letter to call to-day at
1 the council rooms for the purpose of re
ceding instructions and books for sab
j scriptions. m
GO TO THE AUCTION
AND BE IN THE SWIM
One Free Entertainment That You
Cam.ot Afford to Miss.
More pretty actresses-talented ones at
that- than were ever gathered together
before a concert 'way above everyday
pitch the Mayor of the city to address
you a snappy entertainment as an ap
pellor swell society folk all around and
Auctioneer Wendell Easton in front of
you are the attractions the theatrical
managers of the city offer you free of
charge if you will only attend that auction
sac of boxes and choice seats tor the big
benefit for. California 's volunteers
Can you afford to miss it? ' '" > s ' l >
you can 9 t and they produce, the docu
m, ms at their meeting WW*W to sho W
that they know whereof they are talking.
They will provide a show absolutely free,
of a much more attractive qua ltty than
any one of them could a_ oru to gi\ c at
Paul prices. The Mayor will talk, the
J,'.-"- beauties will do all and more than
an* stage beauty has ever been expected
tofdo "Jimmie" Hamilton, "the actors
friend," will be on deck, and Edwin
Stevens will crack bos ottlce J"^.
Then the '-■and will play: performers -a ill
ii,, funny turns, the Olograph will tnrow
living pictures of the boys In trenches.
All for nothing, mind you And when
Wendell E_Ston gets out his little ham
mer and begins to knock things down all
society is expected to go down m ltaJea- -
its trou-its pocketbooks and produce the
price There is no doubt that it will do it.
Now is your time to get into the swim.
Ushers from all the theaters in the city
have volunteered their services for the
auction and will assist in making com
fortable the Immense gathering that la
expected. ______
ELECTRIC DISPLAY
ALL ALONG THE LINE
The Decoration Committee Will
Decide Its Plans at Once.
The decoration committee worked all
! day looking over plans and specifications
! for the electric display along Market
! street and have about decided on the plans
i suggested by Mr. Hirsch, which provides
I for rows of electric lights across Market
street from the Ferry, building to City
Hall avenue at a distance of about lilt*. .
feet apart, each Wire to contain no. less
than twenty-four colored incandescent
lamps. In addition to this, the lllumlna
tion of the City Hall dome and the dome
of the Ferry building. las suggested by
Mr Mills has been decided on. This, re
quires in all about 10,000 Incandescent
Ughts—SOOO for the display along Mark, i
street and 2500 on each of the domes. me
committee finds that the decorations -
above outlined will about exhaust the
amount of money set apart for that pur
£ There will he a meeting of the commit
tee to-do at 1:30 in the offlce of the
Union Trust Company, when the natter
will be definitely decided.
♦
RAILROADS WILL
MAKE LOW RATES
All California V/iil Get Cheap
Fares to the Big Reception.
In order to accommodate the thousands
who are expected to flock to the -ity to
welcome, the" home-coming California
boys, the Southern Pacific will makt the
following special rates from points in
California:
North of Mojave— One and third
lowest first-class fares from stations dis
tant from San Francisco 125 miles or less,
using longest distance (if there be more
than on- route) via which rate useu as
basis applies. one -fifth lowest drst-class
One and one-fifth lowest first-class
fares from stations distant from San
Francisco less than 200 miles and over l_o
miles. , _ ,
One lowest first-class fare from sta
tions over 200 miles distant from ban
Francisco, using longest distance (.It there
be more than one route) via which rate
used as basis applies. . - ' : . - -* '■-- _ <tf>
South of Mojave— One six months fare
for the round trip. ... , ,
The minimum round-trip fare will be
25 cents. The company will sell at half
rates to children under 12 .years. Chil
MEN CURED.
PR. MEYERS „ CO. are the most reliable
I physicians because they are the most success-
ful They are the most successful for the j
I reason that they are the most skilled and ex-
I perienced. They have been curing diseases' and
• weakness of men for more than eighteen years,
and have the largest and best equipped medi-
cal institution and the most extensive practice
in America. They never use injurious remedies;
[ i %f* \ I G__J I
NO PAY TILL CURED.
Patients can arrange to pay when they are
well or may pay ln monthly installments.
Consultation and private book for men free.
HOME CUKES A SPECIALTY.
It you cannot call write for free advice,
question list, terms and other particulars.
Thousands are cured annually without seeing
the doctors. , All correspondence confidential.
No printing on envelopes or packages tc In-
dicate name of sender. -■ -, - ,
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
731 MARKET ST., S. J*.
Elevator entrance. Hours, 8 to 5 dally; 7to j
8 evenings; 9 to 11 Sunday.
- -
Joseph Malms.
dreii five years or over -will be subject to
a minimum charge of 15 cents.
RECEPTION NOTES.
For th- purpose of obtaining. funds for
the breakfast to be given to the California
boys on their return from Manila an en
tertainment and dance will be Riven Sat
urday evening, August 12, at Armory
Hall, 816 Ellis street, by Miss Florence
Lane under the auspices of the Acadia
Club and friends of Company B. Tick
ets, 25 cents: for sale at the Emporium.
A game of baseball has been arranged
ADVERTISEMENTS.
tf'-tf"
[LETTr.R TO MBS. PINK!* AM so. 29,602*
"Two years ago I was a great
sufferer from womb trouble and pro-
fuse flowing each month, and tumors
, would form
_. _,» .c- in the womb.
Another Turner , ha(l . four
Removed fey tumors in
Lydfe £_ Phtk- ! two ears * -
: ham's Vegeto- I went through
ham's Vegeia- treatme J t
j ble GompOEltiii with doctors.
but they did
I me no good, and I thought I would
have to resort to morphine.
" The doctor said that all that could
help mc was to have an operation and
have the womb removed, but I had
heard of Mrs. Pinkham's medicine and J
decided to try it. and wrote for her |
advice, and after talcing her Vegetable -
Compound the tumors were expelled
and I began to get stronger right
along, and am as well as ever before.
Can truly say that I would never had
gotten well hnd it not been for Lydia E. ,
■ Pinkham's Compound." — Makv A.
Stahl, Watsonto-.vn*. Pa.
Wliat Mrs. Pinkham's I>tter Did.
"Drab Mrs. Piskham — After follow-
ing the directions given in your kind
letter for the treatment of leucorrhoea,
! I can SP.3* that I have been entirely
cured by the use of Lydie E. Pinkham's
remedies, ond will gladly recommend
1 them to rflV friends.
'* Thanking you for your kindness, I
am gratefully yours, A. B. Davids,
Bra&HA-i-Tox. X. Y."
i B _zr_- H _iiii_i"_i_M_i_i_i_i_i_M
ng__3__Ess---____--3__-_--Bi MW
| A GENUINE REOUCTIO.I SALE!" |
*** PI3J < -^ n '* c '* ou n t of "Ing I |
B ___L f'osed up my Sacra- I ;
r! CT* mento brnnch store I 1 j
p \-JL offer to my patrons and I -
Hj <-*CT„W^>_ the public In general Q j
jja #ll_K_\ JSCKH) worth of woolens, I
_ i»W«_l^_ v 'hich I wish to turn Into 2
ej j^.Jif^fh fn-'h before my fall nn."
v .-s*^'Fi!&n J _3* "Inter stock comes In.
|| A GENUINE REDUCTION .ALE! |
fr, a On areount nt -ing t|
JjJjß rinsed up my Sacra- I S
T^w" mento brnnrh st>.re 1 r.^
c t otter to my patrons and I
jjKjHfaßja .a?h hi»f.Tf- my fall ani |>-
I^^KJjwJJky S'-.- price? in th,> window. I"
I |Sf JOE POHEIM, fj
\ H^ia THE TAILOR - 1
II iI«W 2<»l--*<>:t .Montgomery St.. I.
J «}* «Pi 1 HO- Ilia Market St.. I;
% I?"! «a an Francisco. ■
9 lii m Kill Washington st.. ftf>
. IJ Cl Oakland. tfi
I XffV* 143 South Siting St.. a
& jf- f "* I. 8 Angeles, Cal. _|
Jißß______________-__-_-BMMIWP
•_:__&__• ELECTRIC BELTS;
__f£)X3*i!fc_is£_i«>3|_ I '''('* ' : from $3 &0 to
/^2p*T-t MVyV---' "-""^^BBi '-^ - Largest manu-
IK___*N 1 ?X ' _i_3i facturers in the Unl-
i-*lfi' l , iF_r '-"' •* stEt ' B No Quacks
; s^_{&_C connected with th:i
?7!vrat?3sl? J^^*W?\ " establishment.
/ ' -s-j^agrv-^ 'A x t_* For particular*
I**= call or send "c la
Af*. ftamps for "Booklet
\ No. 2." Addresa
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market St.,
Opposite Palace Hotel. S. F.
l ! Ei'R%i_Ci-i3
t^ERCfSI
FAVORITE
SCRIPTION
IR WEAK WOMEN. 1
1 — > -
— •
yVVV\^A*-*.*V*'*^AAAAAAAAArV\A > VVVV^
JilF^___l
1 A PERMANENT CURE j
| A PERMANENT CURE 1
J > of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea i
2 and Gleet, cuaranteed in from 3 to 6 J,
1 1 days ;no other treatment required. ]» j
i [ " Sold by all dnif-gist*. >
tfft C_lcheater*s E-i-llsh Diamond Brand.
Pennyroyal pells
■ _<t_-~v Original an 4 Onlr t"eauln„ ▲
"_f» /"l*^<. •***". _:WBTI reliable. U»U» Bit _K\
£* n &__ Or«*Bl»t for Ckichuterc _*r.«tu*i Da jffVJ,
b^iynj¥¥'" <<< Brand In Kod and Gold mrui:io\\V
_>/__?_"r«o_e«. Ip-led with Ma« rlhb<.n. Take VET
49 S^G&fuo other. Reftutt dang tm. J atttiNru- *•
j I"/ — *" flftimt and imitati, lU. At Drnjgtita, or mi 4a.
I £_ ._" In atampa for j> irtlcnlarj, tntlmosl— t sad
\C» » "KoUof for Ladle-H" in 'e'ur. by retara
, V Fy Mall. 1 0.000 T_— aoa_H. Hoot Paper. j
X — — rOhleS <■ «ter CSe_ile_l Co., "Jj»4«*-*-}J »« »**«-*»
•M hy all I*ca» i)ru«l»t_ PWIXAOA.. _*_ |
_tfH_-_i»l f,i ' ** la * non-pouonoat
_<__nP^*SM_ remedy for Gonorrhoea.
__B_Qre >JltEb^H| Gleet, Spe rmat or r lioea, ,
_B_Hp in "*° 6 '"•" : "-l3 Whites, unnatural lis*
Bfjtt -csraoVM" h charges, or any inflamma-
H*feW not to atrietore. tiou, irritation or uicora- ,
y> jpre-ftatt eonUfioo. ti<u of mucous mem'
fJ^THEEvANSCHEMinuno, b* a n«*- Non-astringent.
CINCINNATI.O BRI *->"«*»»*• «»*■'-'*<•«*.
VH__ j; -, _ ___W or sent in plain wrapper,
__H_k_ * !__7@ ''J" express, prepaid, for
*^_§^_______P^°_[ $1.00, or 3 bottl-a, (2.70.
f '^^S|^F_,'<-' li -.Urcoiar Nut «« m-_a_
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USB DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexlran remedy; Rtvee • health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Marks*.
to take place between the teams of the.
First Regiment, Nebraska, and the Union
Iron "Works nine on Sunday, August 13,
at the California League grounds. Six
teenth and Folsom streets, at 2 o'clock.
The entire receipts are to go to the Par
ents' and Relatives' Association of Cali
fornia Volunteers, to be used in celebrat
ing the home-coming of this regiment.
At a meeting yesterday of the Chamber
of Commerce the secretary was instruct
ed to notify the citizens' reception com
mittee that $100 was at its disposal for the
reception of the California troops.
The Chutes offers to give a benefit with
the lowa minstrels as the star attraction.
Captain Terry will be requested to allow
the men to appear on a date to be fixed by
the theatrical managers' committee.
BLACKMAILING HIGHBINDERS.
Posters Circulated by a Gang . De
manding Money From Passen
gers to China.
A blackmailing proposition of a gang
of highbinders, twelve in number, was
brought to the attention of Chief Lees
yesterday and the Chinatown squad has
been instructed to arrest any of the gang
on sight.
Posters have within the past day or two
been sent to every house and store in
Chinatown and have also been posted up
on the walls declaring that each Chinese
who intends to leave for China must pay
the gang $•* 50. If the money is not paid
the relatives and friends of the Chinese
will be held responsible and threats are
made that the consequences will be seri
ous.
By order of the Chief the posters were
torn from the walls yesterday and an ex
ample will be made of the highbinders if
caught.
■ ♦ ■ —
Dear Madam: "Pegamoid" say- com.!
You're welcome. Chronicle building. No. 61.
■ » « •
Dr S Weir Mitchell of Philadelphia
has ' contributed to the records of
medical science no less than 135 sep
arate papers and books.
AMUSEMENTS.
OUR HEROES' FUND BENEFIT!
WELCOME TO OUR
....Returning Volunteers....
TO-MORROW, DAY! ___„,
THE GREAT AUCTION SALE I
The Monster Benefit and First Continuous Performance ever given
on the Pacific Coast, commencing at 12:30 p. m. and
ending at 6 p. m., will take place
AT THE ORPHEUM
ON THURSDAY AFTERNOON, AUGUST 17.
ATTRACTIONS FROM ALL THE THEATERS.
HENR BLANc]„? &° AND* THE FRAWLEY COMPANY.
THE TIVOLI GRAND OPERA COMPANY!
IH_ livu x A LCA7.'AR STOCK COMPANY.
.__ __.- THE MOROSCO OPERA COMPANY.
CLAY CLEMENT COMPANY. „„__,__
SPECIALTIES FROM THE ORPHEUM.
SPECIALTIES FROM THE CHUTES.
AND A HOST OF OTHER PROFESSIONAL TALENT.
THE AUCTION SALE WILL ITSELF BE. A GREAT EVENT!
SEATS SPECIALLY PROVIDED FOR THE LADIES.
THE AUCTIONEERS!
p*-£°£athfl?n*e PHFLAN* HON. WENDELL EASTON. EDNA WALLACE HOP-
n-, I ,' t.'.TiH-mvV CRFY BLANCHE BATES. MARGARET ANGLIN. ALICE NEIL-
SSc J&S&Nrnc ßoberts Te^hi-abon? anna lichter. Louise thorn-
?^:/' OFt IV STA' EY M VAN BUREN. MARY LINCK. HATTIE
BELLE 1 II.D JUMET^ROSBY MRS. ERNESTINE KRELING, MRS. JOHN MOR-
RISEY, BETH FRANKLYN.
a^'X_f^_ i l_r'«ate^M-tswmaa—RMCM at the box offlce of the theater on _'RIDAY
morning. August IL at » o'clock. ' DOLLARS
ffi*c««o*_f^^U^e »• SSrSSr telephone to Mr. L. A. Mor_en-
stern care of the Orpheum box office.
YOUR ATTENTION
tf^ .-. _„!,_,. tn the Auction Sal? of Boxes and the choice of seats.
13 again call *^j^gJj4J ,C^_t^ __ BEFORE THE AUCTION SALE
m MUSIC FROM ALL THE THEATERS.
COLUMBIAN
-Hit the Bull-eye" Exam . n H^
••chSn^y p^^-yyyy:yyr^^
NINTH AND LAST WEEK BUT ONE.
HENRY MILLER
And a SPECIAL COMPANY.
First Production in America of the Great Lon-
don Comedy Drama,
OFFICERS!"
August 14— Farewell week of
HENRY MILLER SEASON.
REPERTOIRE:
•Special Matinee Tuesday— Double Bill—
Special Matinee Tuesday— Double B 11—
"Heartsease" (entire) and the one-act play.
•Frederic Lemaitre." ___.„.,
Wednesday and Thursday "HEARTSEASE
Friday and Saturday evenings and Satur " -
day matinee THE LIARS
SEATS READY THURSDAY.
CALIFORN]AJHEATER.
PRONOUNCED BY ALL THE PAPERS
AN EMPHATIC SUCCESS I
MISS BLANCHE BATES
AND HER SPLENDID 'COMPANY OF
PLAYERS.
PreienteJ V.v T. DANIEL FRAWLEY, In Clin-
ton Stuart's Delightful Fantastic Comedy,
THE FAIRY GODMOTHER.
REPERTOIRE for the Farewell Week, Com-
mencing August 14:
Monday Tuesday. Wednesday and Thursday
Night-. "LONDON ASSURANCE."
Rest of farewell week, "AS TOU LIKE IT."
Wednesday afternoon. August 16, farewell tes-
timonial to BLANCHE BATES. First time on
the Pacific Coast, Ibsen's "HEDDA GABLER."
Souvenir Photographs, Thursday Evening,
August 1".
ALCAZAR™™
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK!
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
MISS FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY.
In Lord Lytton* s Drama,
"THE LADY
OF LYONS"
PRICfS ..... 15c, 25c. 35c, 58c.
NEXT WEEK— "UNDER TWO FLAGS."
IM f^* I *■*'_ 9jbb-kßK*4b B_^__B
-^>SEPT:V*gT°I67^ v *
Choicest ffcuiTs.WiN_s.V_.GE--
-tables. Grains & Grasses
g^ OP fALIFORNIAfT jgggg
5\ GTCKt StOCY. SWONW,
/t\\isic j$ Dvtcrtoir\mcT\t.
eXWBITSTIRANSPORTED fREE
Excursion Pates To Visitors.
White for -Particular^
HTBI J.- shields >VB.MKKLES-
____R_TARV PRESIDENT
MISCELLANEOUS.
CURED AS BY
A MIRACLE
Wonderful Case of Joseph Smith,
Who Gained 24 Pounds in Three
Weeks Under Dr. Aborn's
Treatment at 554 Sut-
ter Street.
In the treatment of chronic diseases of
the -tomach. liver, bladder and kidneys,
as well as of the eye, ear. head, throat
and lungs. Dr. Aborn of 554 Sutter street
Is a recognized authority. A remarkable
cure recently effected by him was brought
to the attention of a reporter a few days
ago. The patient was Joseph Smith,
whose statement Is given herewith in
full:
"J was for two rears sorely afflicted." said
Mr. Smith, "with an obstinate chronic disease
that completely broke down my health so that
i I had given up all hope of ever getting well.
I tried several doctors without any benefit. I
persevered under one doctor's treatment for a
! whole year without benefit. My stomach
liver, kidneys and bladder were affected and
life was a burden to me In this miserable con-
dition. In this seemingly hopeless state of
health I applied to Dr. Aborn just three weeks
ago and he has cured me as though by magic,
so speediiv and thoroughly has his treatment
acted in mv case. I roved from the nrst
day's treatment and I have gained just twenty-
four pounds in three weeks under Dr. Ab ••_■_*
modern system of treatment. I look and f«-«
like a new man. I make this statment for th*
benefit of the afflicted, that they may know
Dr. Aborn effects speedy and permanent cures
after all others have failed. The facts I cheer-
: fully attest to under oath."
Dr Aborn's phenomenal success Is well
known on the American continent for the
past thirty years. Instantaneous relief
and permanent cures are often effected at
the first personal consultation, especially
in such cases as have for years or a life-
time resisted the ordinary modes of prac-
tice.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAND OPERA SEASON.
EVERY SEAT SOLD LAST NIGHT!
TO-NIGHT 1 TO-NIGHT!
"TROVATORE."
"Trovatore" Repeated Friday and Saturday
Nights.
Gounod's Immortal Creation.
"FAUST"
Thursday, Sunday Nights. Saturday Matinee.
A Great Cast of Famous Singers!
Powerful Orchestra and Chorus!
Superb Costumes and Scenery!
POPULAR PRICES— 2S AND 50 CENTS.
Telephone for Seats— Bush 9.
MATINEE TO-DAY (WEDNESDAY), AUG. 9.
Parquet, 25c, any seat; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part.
SEVEN NEW PEOPLE!^ NINE NEW ACTS !
MLLE. ALEXANDRA DAGMAR,
The World's Most Famous Warbler.
THE DEONZOS.
ALDEN AND HILL.
LINTON AND McINTTRE.
THE BIOGRAPH.
IDALENE COTTON AND NICK LONG.
JOS. ADELMAN.
DAVE MEIER.
PHOITES PANTOMIME. Last week.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
TELEPHONE— MAIN 532.
ANOTHER BRILLIANT SUCCESS
■ ALL THIS WEEK.
Costly and Gorgeous Production of Chassaigne's
Delightful Comic Opera.
"FALKA"
AS NEVER 3EFORE WITNESSED IN THIS
CITY.
ORCHESTRA, 35c and 50c; DRESS CIRCLE.
2"c; FAMILY CIRCLE, 15c; GALLERY. lOc^
At Saturday Matinee Best Reserved Seat 25c.
Branch Box Office Inside Main Entrance
Emporium.
OLYMPIA.
Eddy Street, Corner Mason.
The Best Vaudeville Talent and Free.
Engagement Extraordinary of
BLANCHE SLOANE LE CLAIR,
TOD SLOANE'S FAVORITE SISTER.
Talented and beautiful and daring on the flying
rings as her brother is on horseback.
CORNALLA AND LE CLAIR,
In a Wonderful Acrobatic Act.
First Appearance,
ARMSTRONG AND O'NFIL,
In a sparring comedy. Introducing bag puiicn-
ing and other fistic wonders.
THE KEESINGS and Numerous Other Vaude-
ville Stars.
MATINEE SUNDAY. ADMISSION FREE.
AMATEUR NIGHT— EVERY FRIDAY.
■_■_■________ —~~—^—~* m *~—~ mmm—mm ~^^^~ m^ mm^
CONCEBTS AND BESOUTS.
CHDTES^D ZOO!
. EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING!
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
TO-MORROW, THURSDAY, AMATEUR NIGHT,
FAT LADIES' BICYCLE RACE I
Reserve Seats by Phone, Steiner I*sl.
SATURDAY NIGHT— CAKE WALK!
&UTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M. .
ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN sc.
Bathing, Including Admission 25c, Children 20%
I . ■
78
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Cheap grades of Coffee active and firm.
Wheat a fraction lower, dull and weak.
Barley nominal at previous quotations.
Oats in moderate demand, with light receipts.
Corn and Rye continue dull and unchanged.
Some changes in Seeds. Beans rule dull.
Hay shoves rather more firmness under lighter receipts.
Rolled Farley declined. Fran and Middlings unchanged.
Another radical advance in Grain Bags.
Sweet Potatoes lower. Other descriptions steady.
Onions weaker. Vegatables in abundant supply.
Futter firm at the advance. Eggs and Cheese steady.
Eastern Poultry coming in freely.
Bartlett Pears in heavy supply and cheaper.
Apricot season over. Peaches and Plums plentiful.
Pried Apricots firm. Peaches steady and Apples easy.
No talk of new Prunes or Raisins.
Provision market in good shape, but less brisk.
Wool well cleaned up and firm. Hops dull.
Hides and Leather stand about the same.
Meat market shows no noteworthy change. .
Canned Fruits stiff at further advance.
No variation in Oils.
Silver and Financial quotations unaltered.
Turpentine marked up.
4 _
Charters.
,$ — — — <*
The Pprlnpburn loads merchandise for Lon
don.
The C. P. Holmes loads lumber at Port Gam
ble for Honolulu: schooner Corona, lumber at I
Port Gamble for.Guaymas: Zampa, lumber at
Grays Harbor for Santa Rosalia.
$ _— ' **
Weather Report.
$—— ——
(120 th Meridian—Pacific . Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. B—s p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka 60 San Diego 6->
Fresno 74 Sacramento 86
Los Angeles 75 Independence — 86
Red Bluff 9.*,Yuma 102
San Luis Obispo 96j
San Francisco data—Maximum temperature,
62; minimum. 54; mean, 58.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure distribution over the country
west of the Missouri River continues similar
to that at the beginning of the week. Condi
tions are favorable for thunderstorms in the
Rocky Mountain region, with cloudy and cool
weather over the greater portion of the Pacific
■*-°re-
The temperature has risen slowly over the
gi eater portion if California. Nevada. I'tah
and Arizona. It is .-till about four decrees
colder than th» normal tor this period through
out California.
Thunderstorms are reported at Boise and
Poc.atello. Rain is falling from the mouth of
the Columbia River northward.
A maximum wind velocity of 30 miles per
hour from the west is reported at Pocatello.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending at midnight. August 9, 1899:
Northern California— Wednesday; south
erly winds in the interior: westerly winds on
the" coast, with fog in the morning.
Southern California—Fair Wednesday; light
westerly winds.
Nevada—Fair Wednesday.
Utah—Cloudy Wednesday: probably showers
In the northern portion early Wednesday morn
ing: cooler in the northern portion.
Arizona—Fair Wednesday. *»
San Francisco and vicinity—Fair Wednesday,
with fog in the morning; southerly changing
to brisk westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. Me A DIE.
Forecast Official.
« — »
EASTERN MARKET& j
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Aug. B.— The stock market was
a dull affair for the greater part of to-day,
drifting aimlassly within a narrow range.
Some strength was shown by a few isolated
stocks throughout the day under the influence
which was not disclosed by any published news.
This persistent strength in some spots seemed
to arouse the apprehension of the bears in the
last hour of the market. The manner in
which prices were marked up in the late deal
ings indicated a good deal of a scramble by
the shorts to cover their contracts and awak
ened more appearance of animation and
strength than has been seen in the market for
some time. The higher prices for Americans
maue in London were without much effect and
they were for the most part nominal, and
London sold from 12,000 to 15,000 shares here
aft the opening. Strength kept cropping at
new points as the day progressed. There was
early strength in Anaconda and a few of the
specialties, but a period of reaction followed
under realizing in Tobacco and Kansas City,
Pittsburg and Gulf. Then the Minneapolis and
St. Louis stocks rose 5% and 3*4 respectively.
There was a late movement in the coalers
which lilted them from 1 to 2%, with a not
able effect on the whole list. ; Other stocks
showing notable gains were Consolidated Gas.
4**4. and Pacific Coast second preferred, 2%;
Tennessee Coal, Colorado Fuel. People's Gas.
Brooklyn Transit, Steel and Wire, Linseed OH
preferred and a few less prominent stocks ad
vanced a point. A very strong upward move
ment In Sugar from 159% to 162*4 was the de
cisive Influence in the late strength of the
market, which closed active and strong at net
gains in nearly all cases. The ton,, of the .
money market was called rather easy, though
rates were not quotahly changed. Sterling ex
change here continued Its downward course and
confidence grew that gold will come from
abroad if an emergency here demands It.
The free offerings of funds from outside
sources In the New York money market In
creases the belle" that small demands will be
made upon New York fur money to move the
crops. There were late reports of weakness In
the London market for silver on account of
importations from Chile.
Kansas City, Pittsburg and Gulf first re
acted In sympathy with the stock. Otherwise
changes were small and mixed. Total sales,
par value $1,320,000.
United States bonds unchanged on bid quota
tion.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— Eld.
w-0 Atchison 20*4
13.345 Atchison prefd 63*4
1.300 Baltimore _ Ohio 48
Canadian .Pacific 97
125 Central Pacific 53%
Canada Southern 53*4
1.400 Chesapeake and Ohio 27*-.i
1,610 Chicago Great Western 14%
7,250 Chicago. Burlington & Qulncy 136"",
Chicago. Indiana and Louis "-'a
200 Chicago, Indiana and Louis prefd.. 40 ,
100 Chicago and East Illinois 75*;
200 Chicago and .Northwestern 160*4
3.435 Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific. US'*
100 C C C and St Louis 57%
900 Colorado Southern 4%
Colorado Southern firsts prefd 46%
Colorado Southern 2ds prefd 17%
1,500 Delaware and Hudson 123
1,400 Delaware, Lack and Western 175%
700 Denver and Rio Grande 21
550 Denver and Rio Grande prefd 75
200 Erie -. 13*.
570 Erie first prefd- 37*.
335 Great Northern prefd 167
400 Rocking Coal 15
Hocking Valley 23
310 Illinois Central 114%
lowa Central 12*4
lowa Central prefd 52
11,510 Kansas City. Pittsburg and Gulf.. 14
250 l_.ke Erie and Western 20*4
1.540 Lake Erie and Western prefd 80%
Lake Shore 201%
3.270 Louisville and Nashville 74*4
1.250 Manhattan L 117%
f.OO Metropolitan Street Railway .. 209*4
400 Mexican Central 14*.
5.750 Minn and St Louis 65
525 Minn and St Louis prefd 96*.
2.300 Missouri Pacific 48%
100 Mobile and Ohio ..., 44
Missouri. Kansas and Texas 16%
100 Missouri, Kansas and Texas prefd.. 36*4
2,400 New Jersey Central ....'. ; 118
1,835 New York Central .'....;. -188%
Norfolk and Western **_..*-. 21%
1.010 Norfolk and Western prefd 7! ,
13.250 Northern Pacific 52%
1.270 Northern Pacific prefd 78%
4.510 Ontario and Western 26%
Oregon Railway and Navigation.... 41
Oregon Railway and Nay prefd.... 74
2.550 Pennsylvania 135",
920 Reading 21
14.600 Reading first prefd 60%
3,201 Reading second prefd 33
Rio Grande Western 30
Rio Grande Western prefd 75
800 St Louis and San Francisco 11%
St Louis and S F Ist prefd 72
St Louis and S F 2d prefd 38
295 St Louis, Southwestern 17%
2.650 St Louis, Southwestrn prefd 39
5.050 St Paul 131%
St Paul prefd 174
St Paul and Omaha 113
1,515 Southern Pacific 34%
100 Southern Railway 11%
1,150 Southern Railway prefd 51%
400 Texas and Pacific 21%
-6.525 Union Pacific ..: 44%
4.945 Union Pacific prefd 77%
Wabash 7%
100 Wabash prefd 22-
-140 Wheeling and L E 9%
Wheeling and L E 2d prefd 23%
1,450 Wisconsin Central 16".
Express Companies— ....113
Adams 113
American 14"
I'nited States 50
100 Wells-Fargo 127
Miscellaneous —
500 Mnerican Cotton Oil 41%
100 American Cotton Oil prefd 93
200 American Malting 16%
100 American Malting prefd 66' 2
723 American Smelting and Refining.. 41%
833 Amer Smelting and Refining prefd. 87%
....... American Spirits 5 ] 2
American Spirits prefd 2
1,000 American Steel Hoop 34%
500 American Steel Hoop prefd 78%
2.000 American Steel and Wire 58%
3.253 Amer Steel and Wire prefd 98
1.350 American Tin Plate 41
100 American Tin Plate prefd 86
22.231 American Tobacco 113*.
American Tobacco prefd 140
14,950 Anaconda Mining Co 57"*.
077 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 115%
1,900 Colorado Fuel and. Iron 49%
1,385 Continental Tobacco '45%
4,795 Continental Tobacco prefd 93
350 Federal Steel 59%
770 Federal Steel prefd si
500 General Electric 123
460 Glt-cos; Sugar '■•".,
Glucose Sugar prefd 108
1.500 International Paper ■''■'-.
220 International Paper prefd 5".
Laclede Gas 56"-.
699 National Biscuit 48%
. 150 National Biscuit prefd 101
National Lead 30
National Lead prefd 11l
40) National Steel 53%
1,42" National Steel prefd 95%
580 New York Air Brake 197
18,040 North American 13%
436 Pacific Coast 39
Pacific Coast first prefd 84
1,824 Pacific Coast second prefd 62*.
6,150 Pacific Mail 46*4
800 People's Gas 12 '.
600 Pressed Steel Car 57%
470 Pressed Steel Car prefd BS%
Pullman Palace Car 157 .
Standard Rope and Twine 8
18.160 Sugar 162%
150 Sugar prefd 119
6,735 Tennessee Coal and Iron 78%
United States Leather 6%
450 United States Leather prefd 72%
520 United States Rubber 51%
I'nited States Rubber prefd 115%
174 Western Union 89%
287,100 shares Bold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s, reg 100% [Kans C, F & <_ ls 71
I* S 3s, reg 108% La new con 4s 106
U S 3s. coupon 108% L & N unified 4s. 99%
U S new 4s, reg.. 129% Mo, X & T 2d5.... 66
I" S new 4s, c0up.129%;M0. X & T 4s 93%
1' S old 4s, reg. ..112% V Central 15t5. .112
I* S old 4s. c0up. .113 N J Cent gen 55. .120
!' S ss. Reg 111% No Carolina «s 127%
I" S 6s, coupon 111% No Carolina 4s 104
Dist of Columbia 3 iNo Pacific Ists 113
65s • 117 No Pacific 3s 66%
Alabama, class A. llO No Pacific 4s 102%
Alabama, class R.IIO N V, C & S L 45.. 107%
Alabama, class C..104 Nor & W con 45.. 94%
Alabama, currncy.loo 'Nor & W gen 65.. 135
Atchison gen .101. Or Nay Ists 113
Atchison adj 4s 85% Or Nay 4s 101
Can So 2ds 109 Or S Line 6s pfd. .130
Ches & O 4% 97% Or S L con 5s 113
Ches _ O 5s 118 :Readlng gen 45... 88%
Chi & N con 75.... 143% 1 Ri0 G West Ists.. 98
Chi & N S F bed iS L & I M con 113%
5s prefd -...122%S L & B F gen 65. 124
Chicago Term 45.. 99% St Paul cons 168%
Den & Rio G Ists. S P. Chi & Pac 15.121%
prefd 106 SP. Chi _ Pac 85.121%
Den & R G 4s 99%: So Ry 5s 109%
E Term, Va & Ga Stan R & Twine 6s 82
firsts 98%iTenn new settle-
Erie Gen 4s 71 i ment 3s 97%
Ft Worth & Deny Tex & Pac 15t5... 115
City firsts 79 Tex & Pac 2d8.... 55%
Gen Electric ss. 116 Union Pac 4s 105
Q H & S A 65.... IM Colo F 4s 86
G II & S A 2d5....10S Warmsli ists 117
Houston & Texas Wabash 2ds 100
Central 5s 110% West Shore 4s 114
Houston & Texas Wis Cent Ists 76%
Cent con 6s 11l jVa Centuries 85
la Cent Ists prefd. 115 iVa deferred 5
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 32 Ontario 6 50
Crown Point 21 ophir 120
Con Cal & Va 2 20 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 60 Quicksilver 2 00
Gould & Curry ... 45 Quicksilver, prefd. 850
Hale & Nc>r..crss. 32 Sierra Nevada 65
Homestake 65 00 Standard 2 50
Iron Silver 50 i Union Con 33
Mexican 60 1 Yellow Jacket 33
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— West End 95
Call loans 3%®4%| do pref 114
Time loans 4@5 Westingh Elec pf.. 68
Stocks— Wis Cent 16%
Atchison ; 20% Mining shares
do pref 63 Adventure 9%
Am Sugar. 162% Alloues Mm C 0.... 7%
do pref 113 1 Atlantic ...:....... 30
Bell Telephone 346 Bast & Mont 358
Host _ A1bany.... 265 Butte & Boston... 71*.
Boston & Maine.. 2oo 1 Calumet & Hecla..S3o
C B _ Q 136*,; j Centennial 34%
Fltchburg pref ...160 Franklin 20%
Gen Electric 123% Humboldt 2%
Federal Steel 59% Osceola 91
do pref 81 | Parrot 54%
Mexican Cent 14%;Quincy 160
Mich Telephone... 9S Santa Fe Copper.. 14
N V & N E pref.. | Tamarack 229
Old Colony 207 Winona* 11
Old Dominion 38 -Wolverines 47%
Rubber 51%: Utah 44
Union Pac 44% 1
The Money Market.
NEW YORK. Aug. Money on call, steady.
3 / ??4 per cent; last loan. 3%. Prime mercantile
paper, 4-114% per cent. Sterling exchange, easy:
with actual business in bankers' bills at $4 85%
@4 86 for demand and $4 £2*4. -"7 4 82% for 60 days
posted rates, $4 53%@4 84 and $4 87®4 87%; com
mercial bills. $4 81%. Silver certificates, 60*^(7.
61c. Bar Silver, 60% c. Mexican Dollars. 48c.
Government bonds, steady; State bonds, Inac
tive; railroad bonds, irregular. .
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Aug. B.— To-day's statement
THE SAIn FBAIN CISCO CAI/L, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 9, 189_*.
lof the treasury shows: Available cash bal-
I ance, $273,309,646; gold reserve, $244,382,404.
! <■*, — — <*>
j London Market.
j <*> '■ »
NEW YORK. Aug. The Commercial Ad-
I vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were idle to-day, except
for Australians. Most of the Jobbers are pro
longing the holidays. Americans open*-d lower
and were dead all the day. though New York
attempted to galvanize them. The close was
weak all round.
CLOSING.
LONDOJ*. Aug. B.— Canadian Pacific. 100%;
Northern Pacific preferred, SO; Union Pacific,
79; Atchison, 21%; Grand Trunk. 7%; Anaconda.
18*4; Bar Silver, quiet. 27% d; Money, 2 per
cent.
$ «>
New York Grain and Produce. j
■
$ _ . -<*>
' NEW* YORK, Aug. ' FLOUR— Receipts,
27,386; exports, 20,800: sales, 6500. Market mod
erately active, .but shade easier.
WHEAT— Receipts. 119,650; exports, 484:
sales, 1,260,000 bushels futures, 208,000 bushels
spot. Spot steady; No. 2 red. 75c f. o. b. afloat
spot; No. 1 northern Duluth, 76% cf. o. b.
afloat spot; No. 1 hard Duluth, 79% cf. o. b
afloat to arrive; No. 2 red, 73*-.c elevator. Op
tions opened weak at %c decline, influenced by
a break in Liverpool quotations. Except for
a midday rally on an unexpected decrease in
world's stocks they ruled heavy all day under
selling caused by line crop news and continued
apathy In export circles and closed easy at
%@%c net decline. May. 75%®79%c, closed at
7. ; September, 73%:5'74%c. closed at 74c; De
cember, 76 7-16@76 11-16 c, closed at 76%e.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES- Firm.
WOOD— Firm.
METALS feature of the Metal market
was the unsettled character of the Tin depart
ment, with the exchange price at the close
nominally $32. against $31@31 25 yesterday.
Lake Copper closed firm at $18 60. Pig Iron
ruled steady and closed at $14 75@15. Lead
closed at $4 55(34 60 after ruling steady. Spelter
was also steady, closing at yesterday's figures,
$6. Brokers' price for Lead, $4 35; Copper,
$18 7:..
COFFEE— Options closed quiet and un
changed. Sales. 6250 bags, including Septem
ber. $4 45: October, $4 BO; November, $4 55;
March, $5 10; May, $5 20. Spot Coffee, dull:
mild, quiet.
SUGAR— Raw, firm: fair refining, 4c bid:
centrifugal, 96 test, 4 9-16 c bid: molasses Sugar,
3%c bid. Refined, firmer.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Aug. California dried fruits
steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 6%@7%c:
: wire tray. B*4_*B*_c; choice, B*4 @9c; fancy. 9%@
' 9%c: prunes. 3%®Sc.
APRICOTS— Royal. 14c; Moorpark, 145J16c;
PEACHES Unpeeied, 11®11%C.
<$ — <**>
Chicago Grain Market.
4 _ — — — «t>
I CHICAGO, August The opening prices for
September Wheat showed a decline of %@%c
from yesterday, September starting at 6S%@
68% c, and that proved to be the highest point
of the da>*. Interest In the market, which has
j been slack for several days, was, if possible, ;
even duller than yesterday, and the market
for th? greater part of the session kept within
a range of %c. The weakness at the start was
due to a decline at Liverpool of %d since Fri- j
day. This was double the decline in the local
market since that day and coupled with the j
, continued absence of foreign inquiry for Amer- ;
lean Wheat kept prices on the down grade
during most of the day. It was apparently I
the prevailing opinion that it was a hopeless
task to attempt to bull the market while there
is so little demand for Wheat abroad, ami
what little buying was done was against puts,
ito which price — 68%_68%c-fthe market de- i
clined shortly after the opening. There was
scattered selling by the northwest and by local
commission houses, but outside interest was
slack. September longs were Inclined to trans
fer their deals from that month to Decem
ber and buying of the latter against sales of
j September had a tendency to widen the spread
! between these months to the advantage of the
J carriers. September got down to 68% c. A
: slight!} better feeling developed near the close,
I shorts being fair buyers at the bottom and
j the market rallied slightly, closing at 68%Q
I 6S%c.
i Corn was fully as dull as Wheat, but much
! steadier. The market was weak at the start,
! but the strong cash situation sustained prices.
September closed a shade higher.
Oats were dull and irregular. The cash de
| mand was excellent and receipts were large.
' September closed a shade lower. May- closed
with an advance of %c.
Provisions were heavy throughout the ses
sion. Packers were free sellers, apparently on
i the belief In a freer hog movement and sub-
I stantial support was lacking. The market
: tended steadily downward and was decidedly
weak at the close. September Pork lost 12.c,
Lard 10c and Ribs 7%C
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Dow. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
i September 68% 68% 68% 68%
December 71% 71' 70% 70% i
May 74% 74*. 74 74%
Corn No. 2—
! September 30% 30% 20% 30%
December 28*. 28% ■ 28% 28%
May 29% 29% 29". 29%
Oats No. 2—
I September 19% 19% 19% 19%
I December 19% 19% 19% 19%
j May : 21 21% 21 21%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
September 840 840 8 27% 835
October 8 45 8 45 8 35 8 40
Lard, per 100 lbs-
September 530 5 32% 525 5 27%
October 5 40 5 40 5 30 5 32%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs-
September 5 07% 510 500 5 02%
j October 510 510 505 5 07%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, quiet:
I No 3 Spring Wheat, 63@68%c; No. 2 Red. 69%®
I 70c'- No. 2 Corn, 32c: No. 2 Oats, 20tfi20%c: No. 3
White, 21%@*24c; No. 2 Rye, 53c; No. 2 Barley,
34®35c: No. 1 Flaxseed, 99c; Prime Timothy
Seed, $2 40; Mess Pork, per bbl. $7 60®S 35; Lard,
per 100 lb, $5 10<R5 25; Short-rib Sides (loose),
$4 80@5 15; Dry Salted Shoulders (boxed), s'-.'o
5%c; Short Clear Sides (boxed). $5 40.Q5 45;
Whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gal, $126.
Articles—' - Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels 17,000 8,000
I Wheat, bushels 73,000 4,000
Corn bushels 857.000 397,00)
Oats, bushels 587,001 463,000
Rye, bushels 1.000 .......
Barley, bushels 21.0C0 5,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
' market was firm; creameries, 13%® 18c; dairies,
12@16c; Cheese, firm. 9® 10c; Eggs, fresh, 12*-_c.
. -*
Foreign Futures.
i
I <$> ■ «>
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Dec.
Opening 5 8% 6 9*4
' Closing 5 8% 5 9%
PARIS.
Wheat— Aug. Nov. -Feb.
. Opening ...: 19 65 20 55
Closing 19 50 20 40
Flour
Opening 42 75 27 75
Closing 42 60 27 70
<*!> .>
Available Grain Supply.
<$, ■ -$>
NEW YORK, Aug. B.— Special, cable and tele
i graphic advices to Bradstreet's show the fol
i lowing changes in available supplies as com-
I pared with the last account:
Wheat— United States and Canada, east of
i Rockies (Liverpool Corn Trade News), in
j crease. 533.000; afloat for and in Europe, de-
I creased, 1,800,000; total supply, decrease, 1,267,
--009. -"-.-..'-
Corn— United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, decreased, 1,780.000.
Oats— United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, Increase, 984.000.
The aggregate stock of wheat held at Port
! land, Or., and Tacoma and Seattle decreased
; 218,000 last week.
j 4> ' : — — -*»
I
! New York Dried Fruit Market, j
! d ■ . I
._> . — <-»
The New York Commercial says: "Prunes
are quiet and spot trading Is not large. The
! carry-over promises to be larger than holders
i wish, hut still if the present rate of distribu
! tion continues there will be comparatively few
I In this market. On the coast some 300 cars
may be left, though probably this is an outside
estimate and may not be borne out by facts.
The growing crop appears to be in good con
dition so far as California is concerned, and
the output promises to be large. France re
ports not over 30,000,000 pounds, compared with |
90,000,000 two years ago. Oregon will not send
out over 300 cars, as against an anticipated
output of 1000 cars. The market should, there
fore, prove favorable for high prices on Cali
fornlas, and holders are looking forward to
brisk trade. ---s*.'':
"Peaches are quiet and held firmly up to
quotations. There are rumors of sales of sev
eral cars for forward delivery at private prices,
but no confirmation of the report is obtain
able. New crop will not be along until next
month or toward the last of this. Quotations
are around 6%c for future delivery, and holders
show no disposition to shade the figures.
"Apricots continue steady, with sales at
9@9%a Buyers appear to be certain that a
decline ' will follow the present strong situa- i
tion, but holders are apparently equally cer
tain that quotations will hold stiff at present
rates. There is little business as a result of
the divergence of views, and no one can tell
when the deadlock will lie broken.
"Raisins attract some more attention than
they did last week at this time, but sales -are
! now rather more quiet. Seedlings and ungraded
I varieties are in most demand, and are held
j firm. The outlook for business is encouraging.
i and good sales are expected. Reports concern-
I ing damage to the growing crop are vague,
and as yet do not exert much influence. If
there is any loss well informed dealers here
say that it will be largely on first crop. The
second crop will probably be safe and quite
I up to expectations."
'* — * «>
California Fruit Sales.
<j _ »
NEW YORK, Aug. B.— Earl Fruit Company
sales of California fruit: Grapes— Malaga,
$1 45 to $1 60, average $1 49 crate ; Fontainebleau,
average $1 21. Peaches— Early Crawford, 40c to
85c, average 69c; Orange cling, 70c to $110,
average Sic; Elberta, 75c to $1 20, average 98c;
Susquehanna, 65c to 90c, average SOc; White
free, 85c. Pears— Bartletts, $1 20 to $2 25, aver
age $1 86; Clapps Favorite, average $1 55. Plums I
—Kelsey, $1 20 to $2 05, average $1 67; Goes
Golden Drop, 85c to $1 10, average $1 05: Yel
low Egg, average $1 25. Prunes— German,
j average $1 05.
Porter Brothers Company sales: Peaches— ]
Susquehanna. 75c to $2 box; Crawfords, 60c to
95c box and 65c to $1 65 crate; Late Crawfords,
70c to $1 15 box; Orange, $1 15; Lemon, $1 05;
I Elberta, $1 05 to $1 30; Reeves Favorite, $1 06;
Tuscan, 30c to 50c; Albrights, $1 30; California
Clings. 70c to SOc; Strawberry, 90c; Wheatland,
80c; Ben Clings, 50c. Pears— Bartletts, $1 25 to
! $2 15 box; Black Hardys, $1 25 to $1 40; Duchess, j
jsl 15. Prunes— Gros, $1 05 to $1 75 crate; Sil- !
: ver, 65c to $1 40; Italians, $1 15; Germans, $1 35.
Plums-Columbia, 90c* to $1 40 crate; Egg, 70c
to $1 35; Kelseys, 7:..- to $2 15 crate and $1 10
to $1 50 box; Bradshaw. 65c to $110 crate;
Washington, 60c; Golden Drop, 80c; Green
Gages, 75c; Purple Duanes, SOc to $1: Japan,
85c to $1 20 crate. Thirty-one cars sold.
CHICAGO, Aug. B.— Porter Brothers Company
sales of California fruit: Pears— Bartletts,
$1 95 to $2 15 box; Clapps Favorite, $1 70 to
$186 box; Black Hardys. OOc to 76c. Plums—
: Kelseys, DOc to $1 80 crate; Bradshaw, Si 06 to
i $1 30; Purple Duanes, $1 15 to *1 35; Egg. 70c
to $1 45: Golden Drop, $1 25. Grapes. $1 50 to
51 55 crate; Muscats. $1 80 crate. Peaches
Tuscans, 65c to 70c box; Crawfords. 45c to 60c]
box and 75c to 85c crate; Susquehanna, 75c box;
Deckers, fife to 65c; Elberta, 75c to 80c; Marys i
Choice, 65c box. Prunes— Gros, $1 40 to $160
! crate; Silver, 60c to $1 25; Germans, $1 65: Fal- ;
; lenberg, $1 05; Tragedys, $1 45; Italians. $1 65.
Earl Fruit Company 'sales: Grapes— I
' average $2 14; single crates Fontainebleau, |
i average $1 11. Peaches Early Crawfords. 62c
to 77c; Elberta, average 74c; Susquehanna. 64c
to 74c; Wheatland. 61c. Pears— Part let ts. $1 77
to $2 10; Beurre Hardy, average $1 72. Plums—
Kelsey, average $1 27; Golden Drop, average
$1 15. Prunes— Gr.-s. average $1 50; Silver.
average $1 22. Sixteen cars sold to-day
BOSTON Aug. B.— Peaches— Early Crawford, i
' average $1 75; Elberta. 70c® $1 10, average $1 02;
' Nectarines. 50c®$l 65. average $1 25. Pears—
; Bartletts. $1 60@2 35, average $2. Plums— Kel- I
| sev. $1.50®2 ''''■ average $2 W. Eleven cars sold j
to-day. ■■-'.■'. * -
PHILADELPHIA. August 8. — Peaches—
i Crawford. 40®95c: Late Crawford, 65c®$l 10,
• average 82c; Elberta, 70c® $1 30, average $1 08;
; Susquehanna. $1 13; Strawberry, average $1 05.
j Pears— Bartletts. $1 65(52 15. average $2. Plums
I —Kelsey, 80c®$l 15, average B8c; Nectarines,
' 96c: Tragedy Prunes, average $1 42. Seven cars |
sold to-day. Favorable weather.
j f- ' 3>
Eastern Livestock Market.
( « . *>
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Aug. B.— The demand for cattle >
to-day was better than usual on Tuesday and
prices were firm for nearly all classes. Good to
' fancy cattle sold at $5 40'<76 10, commoner
: grades bringing $4 50@5 35; stockers and feed
ers brought $.' 25*5 4 SO: bulls, cows and heifers,
$2 _•:.•:. 10; Texas steers, $3 90®4 50, and calves,
"4(57 10.
Offerings of hogs were large, but the demand
was good an- 1 prices ruled steady. Heavy hogs
soil at $4174 05. mixed lots at $4 35*5 4 75 and
, light at $4 50® 4 65. Pigs sold at $3 50®4 75 and (
; culls at $2®4.
Offerings of sheep and lambs were somewhat |
light, and with an active demand prices took !
an upward turn. Sheep sold at $2 25@3 25 for !
; culls to $4 50:54 75 for good to choice wethers. :
Lambs sold at $3 50(51 25 for culls up to $6 40 |
(56 50 for choice grades.
. Receipts— Cattie, 25,000; hogs, 21,000; sheep, :
10,000.
4 ___ c*>
Boston Wool Market.
i ' '
■■ <$> ■ * :
BOSTON, Aug. B.— The wool market holds
i firm in all departments, although. the sales do
j not foot up so much as those of the past few j
I weeks. There was no weakness apparent l
and buyers are forced to pay full prices. For
: good lines of fine hum and fine territory
wools 50c Is the general price for scoured
goods, although dealers have asked more and ]
| got it for this class. Fleece wools are firm, I
i with good sales. For XX and above Ohio 31©
32c is being paid and 33c for De Lanes.
Australian wools are yell cleaned up and;
! buyers have great difficulty in securing any at i
; any price. ". -,-
Territory Wools— Montana and Dakota fine [
medium and fine. I6@18c; scoured, 50@52c; i
staple, 57c; Utah and Wyoming fine me- <
' dium and fine, 16@J8c; scoured, 50c; staple. 53® |
55c; Idaho fine medium and fine, 16@17c;
i scoured. 60@52c.
Australian scoured basis, combing superfine,
So®S2c; good, 78_8Cc; average, 75®77c.
<$ — — — — <*> j
■* Foreign Markets.
! <4> ' $>
{ LONDON. Aug. B.— The following reports of
| the London and Liverpool markets, dated to
• day, have been received: Consols, 105%; Silver.
i 27% d; French Rentes. 99f 82% c; Wheat cargoes
; off coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage.
quiet and steady; No. 1 Standard California,
: 295.
LIVERPOOL. Aug. B.— Wheat steady: wheat
in Paris, dull; flour in Paris, dull: French
I country markets, steady; weather In England,
fine.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 13 -.**2 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot No. 2 red Western winter. \
steady, 5s 7d; No. l red Northern spring, steady,
!5s lid. Futures— Closed steady; September, 5s I
S'^d: December, 5s 9'_ d.
CORN— Spot American mixed new, quiet, "s
; 3%d; do old, quiet. 3s 4Vid. Futures— Quiet;
I September. 3s 3%d; October, 3s 3%d; November,
3s 4%d.
j <$ — — «.
Portland's Business.
j <$, ___ _>
i PORTLAND, Aug. B.— Clearings, $684,821; bal
ances, $36,942.
j <ty , _ ___ » j
Northern Wheat Market.
<$ : ; ♦
OREGON.
! PORTLAND, Or.. Aug. "B.— Unfavorable East- j
! crn and foreign markets are still affecting the
local wheat and there is no business of conse- !
quence. Exporters will not give over 56#56**c
for Walla Walla. Valley is easy at 58c; Blue
Stem, 59c. ■ -..-' '
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash.. Aug. B.— No change in
wheat. Reports from the harvest satisfy deal
ers that the present crop is all right and will |
turn out a good .yield. Prices remain at 56c
for Club and 59c for Blue Stem.
The Butter Market. -
NEW YORK, Aug. B.— BUTTER—
10,146 packages. Market firm: Western'cream
ery, 15M.<5*18%c; Western factory, ll<Hl4e.
EGGS— Receipts. 10,646 packages. Firm;
Western ungraded, 10@13%c at mark. _;
Shipment of. Silver.
NEW YORK, Aug. The steamer St. Louis
sailing for Europe to-morrow will carry 280,000'
ounces of silver.
<i <$>
LOCAL MARKETS. |
<s> . I
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 54
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87*4
Sterling Cables — . 4 88%
New York Exchange, sight...... — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12%
Mexican Dollars ..... 49% 50 .
Fine Silver,' per ounce — 60%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are dull. Holders ask i
32s 6d, but no business at this rate is reported. ,
The chartered wheat fleet in port has a reg
istered tonnage of 43.137, against 10.340 tons
on the same date last year; disengaged, 746, ;
tons, against 36,900; on the wav to this port, :
203,776 tons, against 192,353.
WHEAT— Is lower and dull. The shippers
are doing very little. The Chicago market con
tinues apathetic and featureless. Heavy rains ,
in the Northwest are reported doing consider- .
able damage. Foreign advices are against
firmness. Holders are not pressing their stocks,
and receipts are diminishing. There are only
I 40 cars of new Wheat at Chicago, against 39.»
|at the same time last year. Fine weather :
j abroad keeps the foreign markets weak.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 02*_-a 1 03%; milling, ;
$1 05® 1 10.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — December —
2000 ctis. $1 09%.
Second Session— l2,ooo, $109%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2ooo ctis,
$1 09-..
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctis, ;
$1 09' 4000." $1 09%.
BARLEY— The market continues very dull at |
unchanged prices. Futures are weak.
Feed, 80®S5c; Brewing. 90@95c; Chevalier, j
.Jl 15(5 1 22% per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— Seller '99, new
—2000 ctis, S2c.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— Seller '99. new—;
2000 ctis, Sl%c.
Afternoon Session — December — 10,000 ctis,
83% c, tf' : 'tf-tftf
OATS— demand is light, but sales are
rather more numerous. Receipts are moderate
and prices show no further change. Buyers !
apparently have the advantage.
White, $1 25(51 40: Red, $1 06@1 15 per ctl;
Black, 97'-.'<isl 05. • ■
CORN— The market continues dull at pre
vious prices. There is no lack of supplies. |
Small round Yellow, $1 25®1 35; Eastern large
Yellow. $1 07%-al 10; White, $1 07%®1 10; mixed,
$1 07% per ctl; California White, nominal.
RYE— 9o®92!_c per ctl. The market is dull.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
The last China steamer took out 11,679 bbls |
Flour.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60.3 75, ;
usual terms: bakers' extras. $3 40@3 55; Oregon I
and Washington, $3 W<s3 50 per bbl for extra,
$3 25©3 40 for bakers' and $2 25*53 for super
fine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $2 26 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 60; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra Cream Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 50@4 75;
Oat Groats. $4 75; Hominy, $3 25@3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $4®4 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 75;
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 55(5 6 95; in sacks, $6 35(86 75;
Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas, $1 50; Green Peas,
Jo per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff
The lighter receipts of the past few. days are
beginning to give the Hay market rather more
tone. There is some improvement in prices,
sales are mad- with more readiness and ar
rivals do not accumulate.
There is no change In Feedstuffs, except a de
cline ln Rolled Parley.
BRAN— SI66I7 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 50019 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $18 50 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27*528; jobbing,
$28 50<&29: Cocoanut Cake, $20® 21; Cornmeal, '
$23 50((i24 50; Cracked Corn, $24®25; Mixed Feed,
! $161-116 50; Cottonseed Meal, $28 per ton.
HAY— Wheat, J7®B 60 for good and $9 for
Choice; Wheat and Oat, $7_ 50; Oat, $6®S;
' Barley. $5®7; Island Parley. Js@6; Alfalfa, $5®
7 50 per ton; Compressed Wheat, $9®lo.
STRAW— per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Seeds show some changes. There ls very
little Mustard here, and the quotation is nomi- j
; nal. ' yy-tf.-ytf f
Beans continue quiet and quotations show no"
further change. j_£"c|-r?_s
BEANS— Bayos. $I.SO®l 90; Small White, $2 05
1 (32 15; Large White, $1 60@1 65; Pinks, $2 25®
2 35; Reds, nominal; Blackeye, $4 15*54 25; But
ters, nominal; Llmas. $4 10®4 20; Pea, $2 25®
2 50; Red Kidneys, $2Q2 25 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Bustard. 2%@3c; Yellow Mus
tard, nominal; Flax, $1 90*_*2 10- Canary Seed.
2%(33c per lb for California" and 3%c for East
ern, to arrive; Alfalfa, 8%@9%c; Rape, 3c;
! Hemp 4@4%c; Timothy, nominal.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 25*51 50; Green, $1 50
j (§2 per ctl.
i Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Onions are In better supply and weaker,
though there were a fewkiles at the top quo
tation. Potatoes are in ample supply and un
! changed.
The Vegetable market is still heavily stocked
with seasonable sorts and low prices are the
rule.
POTATOES— Garnet Chiles. $I@l 10; Early
Rose, 75, '/Si; Burbanks, 75c®$l 10 per ctl in
sack- and $1 25(31 35 in boxes; Salinas Bur
banks, $1 25 in sacks and $1 60 in boxes; Sweet
Potatoes, 2%®2%c per lb.
ONIONS— $I®l -5 per ctl for Silversklns;
Pickle Onions, 75c per sack.
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, 75c@J3 50 per
box; Green Peas, 2c per lb; String Beans, l@2c;
Lima Beans, 4c; Cabbage, 50®60c; River
Tomatoes, 30® 50c; Egg Plant. 40®50c; Green
Okra, 4"*'isoc per box; Garlic, 2@3c; Green Pep
pers, 25®50c for Chill and 40®€0e per box for
Bell: Carrots, 30134"-*: per sack: Bay Cucum- |
bers. 25@30c; Pickles, 1- 2 c per lb for No. 1 and i
40® 50c per box fur No. 2; Summer Squash. 20@
25c; Marrowfat Squash, $7®lo per ton; Green
Corn, 50®90c per sack; Jl@l 25 per crate for
Alameda and 50(575. ■ for Berkeley.
Poultry and Game.
Another car of Eastern sold at 12%@14c for
Turkeys. $4 for Ducks,- $1 25 for Geese, $5 r>o®6
for Hens, $5 for did Roosters, $5 for Fryers and
$3 50®3 75 for Broilers.
Home stock continues dull at lower prices, as
buyers are running largely on the Eastern
stock.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 11<513e for G.b- I
biers and 11® 13c for Hens; Young Turkeys. 17
<31Sc, Geese, per pair, $I®l 25: Goslings, $125
5 15": Ducks, J3®4 for old and $3 50®4 50 _>r
young: Hens, $4(55; young Roosters, $4 50@5 50;
old Roosters, $4(3 4 50; Fryers, $4; Broilers, $3®
3*50 for large, $2 50® 3 for small; Pigeons, $150
'n l 75 per dozen for old and $1 75®2 for Squabs.
GAME Doves, 50®75c per dozen. .- -."
Flitter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter is steady at the advance, with mod
erate stocks. Cheese continues firm, though
there Is no scarcity. Eggs have remained sta
tionary for a long time and show no signs of
changing, one way or the other.
BUTTER— •-.:■■> .'*
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 21%® sec
ends. 20® 21c.
Dairy— Fancy, 20c; good to choice, 17%®i9c;
'store. 16@17c per -to.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 9%@10c; old, 8%
@9c: Young America, 10@10%c; Eastern, 13® 15c.
EGGS Quoted at 16(3 i&c for store and 20®
23c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 18%®20c for
selected, 16® for No. 1 and 14®15c for sec
onds.
~. 7
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The canners are paying the following prices:
Peaches, $10®20 for trees and $25-530 for clings;
Bartletl Pears, in this city. $30®35 per ton for
No. 1 and J15@20 for No. 2; Green and Yellow
Plums, J15_20 per ton; Colored Plums, $10@15. I
Bartlett Pears are in heavy supply, and as the I
weather is getting warmer prices are likely to '
Buffer if the present receipts keep up. The
cold, foggy weather of the past week has here- j
tofore been In. their favor..
Apricots are no longer quotable, and the
season is over. Peaches continue as plentiful
as ever, and low prices still rule. There are
plenty of Plums here. ; . -;
Supplies of Grapes and Melons are steadily
increasing and prices are slowly giving way
under the pressure.
Berries are steady. except Huckleberries,
Which are in larger supply and lower.
Lemons and Limes are quiet and unchanged. i
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apple-.. 25@50c per box for common and 80®
90c for good to choice; Crabapple, 35®50c per
small box. "^ ,
BERRlES— Blackberries, J3®>4 per chest; j
I Strawberries. $6®B" per chest for small and $2 50
®4 for large berries; Raspberries, $4®6 per
j chest; Huckleberries, 6c per lb.
Grapes, 40®50c per box and crate for Fon
i tainebleau. 60@90c per box and crate for Rose
!of Peru. 60c® $1 per crate and box for Muscat
and 75c® $1 for Seedless.
Watermelons, $5@15 per 100.
Cantaloupes, 75c@$l 50 per crate; Nutmegs.
40c((75l per box
Pears. 25050 c per box. according to size;
Bartletts, 40c®$l per box for green and K®4oc
for ripe. . ;„•"-.;
Nectarines, 25®40c per box for white and 60®
7,, for red.
Figs. 50c®$l 50 per box for double layers of
black and 35®.'0c for white. •'-? .;-.-
Peaches, 25®50c per box and 25® SOc per bas
ket.
Plums. 25®50c r per box; Prunes, 50(ri65c per
I crate. ■
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. $2® 4;
Demons, $I®l 50 for common and $1 75® 3 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, $4(54 50: Cali
fornia Limes. per small box; Bananas. $1 50
@2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $li&2 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
; There is nothing new under this head. Apri
cots continue firm and buyers have to pay top
quotations or leave the goods alone. Peaches
are steady, but Apples are easy at the prices I
Raisins and Prunes are not talked about at all'
though the season for the latter must open
very soon, as drying has already commenced
in several districts. The state of the New York
market will be seen in the flrst column.
Nuts are firm, and some purchasing for future
delivery is going on all the time. There is a
steady and fair call for Honey at unchanged
. prices.
DRIED FRUITS (Old Crop)— Prunes, 6%c for
: 40-5 D' 5c for 50-60's. 4c for 60-70's. 3*.@3"4c for i
I 70-80's, 2*4@3»,4C for 80-90*41, 2*_<g2"4c lor 90-100 s
I and 2@2*4c for 100-110*s. "' I
DRIED FRUITS (New Crop)— Prunes, in ;
; sacks. 6* 4 c for 40-50-, 5%c for 50-60's. 4'*c per
lb for £0-70*8. 3*4 c for 70-o's, 3*4<*-f3*_c tor 80
--90's and LV-"" for 90-100's; Apricots. 10@llc
for Royals and 12^c for Moorparks: Peaches, j
7'(/7>-.\ Evaporated" Apples. 7@7*_c; Sun-dried, |
1*..'. ( per lb; Nectarines, 6®7c per lb.
.RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown, 4"4 c for three- j
crown. •"••%<■ for four-crown, 4*_l-*6c for Seedless J
Sultanas. 3*_c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
j for London layers; Pried Grapes, 2*4 ®3c.
' NUTS— Walnuts. 5-nSc for hardshell. 10®llc
I for softshell; Chile Walnuts, ll_12c; Almonds, ,
new crop, 7*_c for Languedoc and U'.c for ;
paper-shell: Peanuts'. 6@7c for Eastern and 4% j
age for California: Cocoanuts. $4 5095.
HONEY— Comb, ll*_c for bright and 10*.c for
I light amber; water white extracted. 7*4®7'_c;
light amber extracted, 6*_@7c; dark. o'.c
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24®26c per lb.
Provisions.
While there is a very fair demand for cured
meats, it is not as lively as last month. Au
gust is always more or less dull. Prices for all
descriptions are steady and unchanged.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. B%c per lb for
heavy 9@9*_c for light medium. lie tor light,
12*_c for extra light and 13c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams .Califor
nia Hams. 13c; Mess Beef $13 per bbL * ex
tra Mess Beef. $14: Family Beef, *fls@*aso, ex
tra Prime Pork $12 50; extra clear. $16 .->0; mess,
$15@15 50; Smoked Beef, 12c -lb.
. LARD— Tierces quoted at s*_@-c*ic per- in for
compound and 7c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
7. .. ■; 10-lb tins. B%C; 5-lb tins. B*_c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 6%@7*.c per io.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Wool is* quiet for the simple reason that
there is practically nothing here to work on,
except some lines of Oregon. Buyers are wait
ing for the new fall clip, when they will prob
ably take hold again.
Hops continue in the same old groove. Buy
ers would contract at the prices given below,
but the growers have their own ideas and de
cline to sell. .->■-- . „..„
There is no noteworthy change in Hides.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
shout lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers. lo<_*lo*_c: medium. 9@9*_c; light, vc.
'Cowhides 9c; Stags. 6c; Suited Kip, 9c; Calf,
t 10c; dry Hides, sound, 16c: culls and brands,
' 13c; dry Kip and Veal, 16c; dry Calf, l.c;
Sheepskins, shearlings. 20®30c each; short
Wool 35tg60c each; medium. 70®90c; long Wool,
90c(f?$l 10 each: Horse Hides, salt. $2*52 2o for
large and $1 25@ 1 50 for small: Colts. 25@50c.-J
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4@4*_C per lb; No.
2 3<S3%C; refined, : grease. 2@2*4c.
'WOOL— Spring Clips— San Joaquin _ and
Southern. 7 months, lie: Foothill and North
ern free II'S 14c: Foothill and Northern defect
ive '..(rjllc; Nevada. ll®14c; San Joaquin Foot
hill' free, 10@_2c; San Joaquin Foothill defect
ive gfflSc; Humboldt and Mendocino, 16"_@18c;
Valley' Oregon. 17®18c; Eastern Oregon, 12@14c
for choice and 9®ll"_c for fair to good.
HOPS— 1898 crop, 15@17*_C per Ib; 1599 crop,
12*_@13c bid and refused.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Bags have again advanced
i sharply. Calcutta Grain Bags, 6*_c; Wool
Bags, 264.28 c. .
Wellington. $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle.
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $9 In bulk and $10 50
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $12;
Cannel, $8 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 50; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14
ln sacks.
Since the Mariposa left, the following Aus
tralian coal cargoes were delivered here, viz..
Earl of Dunmore, 3575 tons; Carrollton, 2131
tons; Invercoe, 2347 tons; total. 8253 tons. The
total arrivals here of Colonial coal since June 1
up to date only foot up 27.278 tons, whereas In
the same period last year the arrivals amounted
to 60,279 tons. This is very singular, as our crops
J this year were declared better than the average
" five months ago, which would naturally have
headed tonnage in this direction, whereas m
IS9B at the same time our harvest was a pro
nounced failure. This clearly demonstrates
that there is an unprecedented demand for ton
nage everywhere, and we are now feeling Its
effects locally. The total coal tonnage listed
for here from Newcastle and Sydney foots up
about 72,000 tons; last year in August it was
over 90,000 tons. Last freight quotations from
Newcastle are quoted at 16s to 16s 6d per ton
for prompt loading.
Coal quotations are established now entirely
by the Coast Colliery Agents, as the small
quantity of foreign coming to hand cuts a very
small figure in making prices. No material ad
vance has been made, but the market Is steady
and later on better prices may be looked for,
as coast tonnage is so scarce it will be a task
to keep our local requirements fully supplied.
There will shortly be some steam colliers added
to our carrying fleet.
CORDAGE— ManiIa, 12c: Sisal, llVic; Bale
; Rope, lie; Duplex. 10*4 c basis.
I CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas, 75@86c; As-
I paragus, $1 60(*i2 85; Tomatoes, 75c@S0e.
CANNED FRUITS— are slightly
- higher, Cherries, $2 15(g2 30 for black and
$2 15@2 30 for white; Peaches, $1 35®! 65:
I Pears, $1 50fgl SO; Apricots, $1 20_1 70; Plums,
■ 95c©$l 25.
! COFFEE— C. E. Blckford's circular gives the
j receipts at this port thus far this year at
157,788 bags, against 114.427 during the same,
! time last year. The sales from flrst hands
; were 105. bags, against 82,836. The stock;
'■ in first hands August 1 was 50,939 bags, against
30,789. The world's visible supply August 1
was 6,769,000 bags, against 5,701,422. The cir
cular says:
"A glance at the sales since our issue of
the 7th ultimo, shows the past month to have
been one of unusually large business for this
season. Grades below 8c have found readiest
sale and the continued demand for these makes
the one steai y feature of the market.
"Unwashed Salvadors have dragged, while
washed varieties are attracting attention be
cause of the values they show as compared
with other growths.
"All Coffees over 10c evoke but little Interest
I and keep sagging toward a point more in
' harmony with the lower priced goods and,
j while Brazil receipts continue as at present,
excessively large— these conditions must ob
tain.
'•To-day's first hand stock consists of 6970
bags Costa Rica. 291 Nicaragua, 21,879 Salva
dor, 16,889 Guatemala and 939 Mexican; in all
47.0«s bags, as against 32,313 same time last
year."
We quote: Costa Rica— (ff for prime
washed; ll<§Jl2"4c for good washed; ll*_@lse
for good to prime washed peaberry; 10@llc
for good to prime peaberry; 9'itll'_c for good
to prime; S®9c nominal for good current mixed
with black beans; S<a'S*!»c for fair; s*_(B 7 1 _c for
common to ordinary. Salvador — 9@llc for good
to prime washed; B#B%C for fair washed; 10@
ll'.c for good to prime washed peaberry: 7*4®
B*4c for goo„ to prime semi-washed; 7'_®S'4c
I for superior unwashed; 7*4@"'-C for good green
j unwashed; B*4@9_c for good to prime un-
I washed peaberry; s@6*%c for common to or
■ dinary. Nicaragua — for prime to
' fancy washed; S-fallc for fair to good washed;
7l«'n''7 : *4c nominal for good to superior un
washed; B*4@9*'c nominal for good to prime
unwashed peaberry. Guatemala and Mexican
— 13(g16c for prime to fancy washed; 9',.(312c
for good to strictly good washed; 7%59c for
fair washed; ' 7(iJßc for medium; |.<i6'-_c for in
ferior to ordinary; 10@11*_C for good to prime
washed peaberry; B**&@9*_c for good to prime
unwashed peaberry; 7"4_BVic for good to su
perior unwashed.
LEATHER— SoIe, heavy. _s@2Bc per lb; Sole
Leather, medium, 25(f?26c; Sole Leather, light,
25ii26c; rough Leather, heavy, 25((-26c: rough
Leather, light, 25@26c; Harness Leather,
heavy. 3i..33c: Harness Leather, medium, 30@ .
82c; Harness Leather, light. 29930 c; Collar
I Leather, 15(iilfic per foot; Kip, finished. 40<f->
45c per lb; Veal, finished. 50955 c; Calf, finished.
75c- $] 20; Sides, finished, 16r<il7c per foot; Belt
Knife Splits, 14_H6c; rough Splits, B@loc
| per tb. \
| OlL— California Castor Oil, cases. No. 1, 75c;
pure, $1 10; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled, 47c;
raw, i.'.c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil. extra win
ter strained, barrels, 47c; No. 1, 42' 2 c; cases 5c
more; China Nut. 46*_56c per gallon; pure
Neatsfoot Oil, barrels, 60c; cases, 65c; Sperm,
pure, 60c; Whale Oil, natural white, 32*_c; Pa
cific Rubber Mixed Paints, white and house
colors, $1 25-.il 35 per gallon; wagon colors,
$2-2 25 per gallon.
-PETROLEUM. GASOLINE AND NAPHTHA •
—Water white Coal Oil. in bulk. *U*_c per gal
lon: Pearl Oil, in cases, 16*_c; Astral Oil. 16*_c;
I Star Oil, le'^c; Extra Star Oil. 20*.c; Elaine
Oil, 2-"-*; Eocene Oil, lßVic; Deodorized Stove
j Gasoline, in bulk, 16c: in cases, 21c; Benzine,
i in bulk. 15* _c; in cases, 20 , = 86 degree Gaso
line, in bulk, 21c; in cases, 26c. -_ ' \
CANDLES— Electric Light Candles, 6s, 16 oz,
B%c; 6s. 14 oz. 7V-: fis. 12 oz. 6*_c; 6s, 10 oz.
S'.ijc; 12s. 12 oz. 7Vic: Granite (Mining) Candles
—6s, 16 oz. 914 c; 6s. 14 oz, S^fc; 6s, 12 oz, 7..c;
6s, 10 oz. ("V". Parafflne Wax Candles— ls. 2s,
4s and 6s, white, 9.c: 12s, 10*_c; colored, lc
higher.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 5"4@6c; Red Lead
. and Litharge, 5%@6c per Tb.
TURPENTINE— In cases. 67c: in iron barrels,
| 62c: In wooden barrels, 64c. I
LUCOL — Boiled, bariels, 42c; raw, barrels,
40c; cases, 5c more.
QUICKSILVER— $43 50 per flask for local use
and $40 for export. ■::.'*•?.;;;
SUGAR— -The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-p, bags;
Cubes, A crushed and Fine Crushed, 5%c;
Powdered, s*^c; Candy Granulated, 5*4 c; Dry
Granulated. sV_c; Confectioners' A, s'„e; Cali
fornia A, 4*vi,c; Magnolia A. 4"4 c: Extra C, 4%c;
Golden C, 4Vic; barrels, l-16c more; half-barrels.
"4c more; boxes, ! 2 .- more; 50-lb hags, *4c more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent. Homines, half-barrels, s"ic; boxes,
6*") C per lb.
Lumber.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
| ordinary sizes, $1.6(517; extra sizes, higher-
Redwood, $17®1S for No. 1. and $15@16 for No'
2; Lath. 4 feet. $2 20<5j2 30; Pickets." $18; Shin- j
gles. $1 50-al 75 for common, and $2 75 for fancy;
Shakes, $11 for split and $12 for sawn; Rustic
$21® 27. -;;_-;
San Francisco Meat Market.
Prices remain about as heretofore quoted. i
AUCTION SALES.
GRAND AUCTION SALE
■ _S> —°T— J^
HORSES
i
; 60 head of horses, the choicest let ever gath-
j ered together on this coast. Any kind oj a
horse you want. Horses suitable for all pur-
poses, most all, will he shown to harness, l.sri t
and heavy roadsters. Several fine car: .. .
teams arid saddle horses. Single horses. s_itl
able for ladles to drive. In fact, horses -..
every kind of use.
SAL_ AUGU.T 19,1899, AT 10 A. M.
At my sale and training stable, corner St.
Charles street and Eagle avenue, Alameda
CaL, Bay-street station. J. M. NELSON
Hogs continue in light supply and steady at th»
good prices. . Veal is rather weaker. Beef an *
Mutton are steady.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers-
BEEF- -7@Bc per lb for Steers and 6'.®7c fo-
Cows.
VEAL— 7(39c per ib.
MUTTON—Wethers. 7c: Ewes. 6*. per lb.
MB-Spring, Sc per lb.
PORK—Live Hogs. s*4@S*_c for sr all, 6c for
medium and s*_®syc for large: stock Hogs and
Feeders, s*_c; dressed Hogs. 7@B*_c.
Receipts of Produce.
For Tuesday, August 8.
Flour, qr sks 17.226 Wool, bags.. •-,
Wheat, ctis 860 j Straw, tons is
Barley, ctis 2,915 Hay. tons 514
Oats, ctis 670 Pelt*, bdls _*
Corn, East. ctis.. 600: Hides, No 636
j Butter, ctis 232 Leather, r0115.... sr
Cheese, ctis 50 Beans, sks y.
! Tallow, .tls 246, Potatoes, sks.... 4,33 i
i Eggs, doz 16.530 Onions, sks 92s
! Lumber, ft 20,000 Bran, sks 25
I Quicksilver, flsks 20 Middlings, sks... 372
I Lime, bbls 220 Flaxseed, sks ... 31S
Powder, car 1 Sugar, sks 1.459
Raisins, boxes... 225 Wine, gals 39,400
OREGON.
| Flour, qr sks 8.726|8ran, sks 7
=
<$■ — ">
Sun, Moon and Tide.
<-> —— _ -h3>
•
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE—The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY. AUGUST 9.
Sun rises 5:20
Sun sets 7:10
Moon sets 8:17 p. m.
D Time Timel Time Time
5. 1 Ft. ! i Ft. !~ Ft. j i Ft.
? IH W D W H W L W
"<t ... 0:46 6.0 6:51 0.6 1:36 5.3 7:24] 1.7
10 ...I 1:381 4.71 7:231 1.01 2:03) 5.3 i 8:10| 1.4
11 ... 2.141 4.4 7-561 1.4 2:31 5.4 9:00 1.2
12 .. 3:11 4.0 8:311 1.8 3:06 6.4 9:56 1.0
13 '... 4:21 3.S 9:14 2.3 3:45 5.5 11:00 0.7
14 ... 5:49 3.6 10:05 2.7- 4:34 5.6
LWHW L W H W
15 ... 0:06 0.4 7:20 3.6 11:12 3-0) 5:34 5.7
NOTE— the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
■given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (—) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cai.,
August 8. 1899.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day
i. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. in charge.
<g, -^ —— 3>
Steamer Movements.
4 — «>
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. | Due.
Aloha Point Arena. Aug. 9
Fulton Portland Aug. 10
Washtenaw .... ITacoma • I Aug. 10
North Fork Humboldt Aug. IU
Coos Bay Newport Aug. 10
Umatilla Victoria & Puget Sound Aug. 10
San Mateo .....Nanaimo Aug. 10
Albion Cape Nome Aug. 10
Pomona Humboldt Aug. 10
Point Arena ... Point Arena Aug. 11
Corona San Diego Aug. 12
Empire Coos Bay lAug. 12
Sunol Grays Harbor [Aug. 12
Mackinaw ' Tacoma Aug.l2
Brunswick Oregon Ports.. [Aug. 13
State California! Port land -. lAug. 13
Newburg Grays Harbor lAug. 13
Weeott I Humboldt j Aug. 13
Crescent City... Crescent City Aug. 14
Bonita INewport Aug. 14
Areata ICoos Bay 'Aug. 15
China 'China and Japan Aug.ls
Australia IHonolulu...-. I Aug. 15
City of Puebla.. Victoria* Puget SoundlAug. 15
Coquille River.. IGrays Harbor lAug. 16
Santa Rosa San Diego. lAug.l6
Columbia Portland Aug. 18
TO SAIL.
.Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Areata ICoos Bay Aug. 9, 12 mlPier 13
Weeott 'Humboldt [Aug. 9. 2pm.'Pierl3
A. Blanch'dlCoos Bay Aug. 9. 10 am Pier 13
Gaelic IChina _ Japan Aug., 9, 1 pm PMSS
Walla Wall Vie & Pgt Sd. Aug. 9. 10 amlPier 9
Moana ISvdney (Aug. 9. 10 pmiPier 7
Samoa IHumboldt 'Aug. 10, 10 amlPier 8
Santa Rosa: San Dieeo lAug. 10. 11 am Pier 11
G. Dollar... IGrays Harbor! Aug. 10, 12 mlPier 2?
Aloha IPcint Arena..'Aug. 10, 3 pm|Pier 2
Columbia ..iPortland 'Auk. 11. 10 amlPler 21
Coos Bay...(Newport Aug. 12. 9 am' Pier 11
Pomona ...'Humboldt Aug. 12, 2 pmi Pier 9
North Fork. Humboldt..... Aug. 13. 9 Pier 2
Umatilla ..|Vic & Pgt Sd.lAug. 14. 10 amPler 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. I Aug. 14, 2 pmi Pier 2
Corona 'San Diego ' Aug. 14. 11 amjPier 11
Brunswick 'Oregon Ports. Aug. 15 ' 1
State Calif. 'Portland Aug. 16. 10 amjPier 24
Bonita Newport Aug. 16. 9 ami Pier 11
.* _ "- 1
Shipping Intelligence.
<$> — »
;
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, August 8.
Stmr Alice Blanchard, Ha"l, 30 hours from
Stmr Scotia, Jacobs, 20 hours from Rockport.
Stmr Noyo, Winkel, 15 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, 60*4 hours from
San Diego and way ports.
Stmr Columbia, Green, 64*4 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 41' 4 hours.
Br tug Pilot. I Butler, 6 days from Departure
Bay. With barge Colorado in tow.
Bark Big Bonanza, Bergman, 8 days from
Tacoma.
Bark Oakland. Ackerman, 9*. days from, Ev
erett.
Bark Gen Fairchild, Gove, SO days from New
castle. N S W.
Bark Aureolp, Mercer, 6 days from Willapa
Harbor.
Bark Colusa. Ewart. 23 days Irom Kahului.
Fr bark Jacques, Bernadac, 63 days from
Newcastle, N S W,
Schr Peerless, Johnson, 12 days from Port
Blakeley.
Schr Wing and Wing, Hanson, 9 days from
Grays Harbor. -;..'-•'
Schr Sparrow. Part, 3 days from Eureka.
Schr Jennie Thelin. Holmberg, 5 days from
Grays' Harbor. Up river direct.
' Barge Colorado, Andrews, 6 days from De
parture Bay.
Schr Mizpah, Averill, 3*. days from Coquille -
River. ■ ■ .
Schr American Girl, Roos. 9 day? from Port
Ludlow.
Schr Ocean Spray, Nyman, 5 days from
Needle Rock.
Schr Berwick, Ostlin, 31. days from Coquille
River.
Schr Norma, Larsen, 4 days from Aberdeen.
CLEARED. -._-
Tuesday. August 8.
Stmr Walla 'Walla, Gage, Victoria, etc.;
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr San Bias, Russell. Panama, etc; P M S
S Co. c■■-,■■'•""■ -- ":"'■'- -' ''■
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, Nanaimo; R
Dunsmuir's Sons Co. --,-,■■«■■:"■-\,"•■>■-.'..■
Nor stmr Thyra. Edvardsen. Hongkong via
San Dieeo: Cal and Oriental S S Co.
Ship 'Standard. Backus, Portland: James
; Brown.
I Schr Kodiak, Kohler, Kodiak; Alaska Com- ■
mercial Co.
For Additional Shipping and Com
mercial News See Page * 11.Haywards, Oakland
YOUNG WIFE
FINDS SHE IS
NUMBER TWO
Husband Has Eloped
With a Third.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
SOS Broadway, Aug. 8.
A dainty little woman not over 20 years
if age told a story in the District Attor
ney's office this afternoon that uncovers
remarkable duplicity in a man not much
older than herself.
Mrs. Rosie Wolf was married in Sacra
mento just a year ago. and now she has
made the discovery that her husband is a
bigamist and that she has no legal claim
to the name of the man who is now living
with a third young lady at Tcsia and go
ing hy the name of Charles Eeiter.
Some time after her marriage to Wolf
Mrs. Rosie Wolf detected certain discrep
ancies in her husband's account of his
past thai led her to believe that another
Mrs. Wolf was living somewhere in the
Kast. She employed a detective, to whom
she confided her suspicions, and a few
weeks ago she received a letter from the
first Mrs. Wolf, stating that Wolf had
deserted her and three children some time
ago and had also taken with him the pro
ceeds of a house and lot which, he had
sold and which was their joint property.
Immediately on receiving this Informa
tion young Mrs. Wolf, who was then re
siding at Emeryville, told him of her dis
covery and at once left his home, return
ing to her parents in San Francisco. Wolf
made no attempt to deny the existence of
MRS. ROSIE WOLF AND HER FALSE HUSBAND
his first wife nd family, but sought to ,
effect a compromise with his second wife j
■which would prevent him from having to j
meet the consequences of committing big
amy. Several meetings were held between j
Wolf, his second wife nd her parents
at the oflice of Attorney Mitchell, ann
Wolf agreed to contribute $12 a month to
the support ot his second wife and gave
her an order on the Judson Iron Works,
•whore he had a good position, to draw her
allowance.
As the end of the first month ap- -
preached Mrs. Wolf went to the iron I
works, only tv be informed that Wolf had
loft his position and had drawn his pay .
up to the time of leaving.
After leaving the iron works Wolf was
lost sight of for several days. He had j
"disappear. . About ti e same time it j
was learned that a little divorcee. Mattie
Tvrer 19 years old. had also mysteriously
disappeared from her home in Golden
Gate. Mrs. Tvrer left a brief note with
her parents, the Atwoods, stating that
she ha secured a good position but cou d
hot them until later .... she would
be located. Wolf and Mrs. Tyrer had been
frequently seen in each other's company
and it was a , nee c included that the
bigamist had eloped with the missing Kir,
This presumption proved to be **"'-'*• j
and the- couple were found at the lesia
coal mines, where they were living under
the name of Loiter. As soon as Mrs.
Tyrer realized what she had done she
wrote to her parents asking their forgive
ness and declaring that she was perfectly
contented with Wolf, who had promised
to marry her as soon as he could secure
a divorce from his wife in Oakland.
When Mrs. Wolf No. 2 read or the
elopement to Tesla she decided that her
husband was deserving of the full pen
alty of the law and that it was evidently
a practice of his to lead young women j
astray under the pretext of marriage.
She held an agreement with him In
which he over his signature admitted ,
many violations of his vows even during
the ten months she lived with him a. his j
wife She had promised to allow all the
unpleasantness to drop if he would keep
his promise to pay her alimony. After
her detention and the flight to le.sla she
informed Wolfs attorney that ah ifcree- j
ments were eff and that she would at
once swear to a warrant charging him j
with bigamy. Wolf and Mrs. Tyrer's ;
Barents correspond with, each other and
he parents are heartbroken over the af
fair Recently the- received a join: let
ter from Tesla, in which Mattle lis ol
her happy life with Wolf, and Wolf as-.
sure* her parents that they need not
fear for their daughter's welfare so long.
as she intrusts it to him. Mrs. Wclf No.
2 has also consulted with Matties parents .
and they assure her that they have done
all in their power to Induce their daugh
ter to come home and live down the' no
toriety of her escapade, but to no pur-
The letters to the second Mrs. Wolf
from the wife in the East tell of five
years of married !!fe in which there was
very little happiness. Much bitterness is
expressed toward the heartless hutband
and father, and also the desire that the j
=eoond wife will see thai Wolf reaps the
lust deserts of his faithlessness Tt is
a matter of much surprise to Wolfs
friends that he should have run off with
Ma tti-- Tvrer. who Is well known In j
Emeryville* and who is a far less attract
ive young woman than his second wife.
"I was only a year younger than now
when T married Wolf," paid his second
wife "but I have learned more in that
year than In all the rest of mv life.
Wolf is one of the most pleasant and i
smoothest men it is possible to meet. He
is fond of talking and given not a little
to boasting, and I presume that while
outside of home at Emeryville he must I
have boasted of his successes in indue-;
ing women to marry him. for otherwise i
I should hardly have heard of the exist
ence of his first wife. We have corre
sponded regularly and T now understand
the situation thoroughly. I shall press !
this matter and really hope that he will
},(. severely punished, for lie has not only
wrecked my life at the outset, but Is i
now helping to disgrace the woman
with whom he is living at Tesla.
"As soon as I heard that I was not his
wife T left him Immediately, but I thought
enough of him not to have wished to
send him to jail until he ran off with
that. girl. Had he straightened out his I
difficulties with his first wife in a legal
manner I do not know but that I might ;
have been persuaded to return to him, |
bill ho has* shown himself to be such :
a coward that all mv feelings for him >.
have changed to contempt,"
In addition to swearing to a complaint
for bigamy, Mrs. Wolf will also petition
t<- have her marriage set aside on the ;
ground that at the time of the ceremony
Wolf had a wife living. tf
Young Maddens Again in Jail.
OAKLAND. Aug. B.— Mr. and Mrs. Will
iam Madden, aged 21 and 17 years, respect
ively, are again In jail for robbing a lodg
ing-house. Some months ago they robbed
the Hotel Vendome and were arrested,
but through the exercise of sympathy
they were discharged. Now they arc i
again under arrest for having raided the j
Smith House, on Broadway. '
Alameda County News
JAKEY WAS
TOO FREE IN
HIS SPEECH
His Confession May
Be Damaging.
Oakland Oflice San Francisco Call,
' 90S Broadway. Aug 8.
The prize-fighters and the lovers of
sport who sacrificed a quarter apiece to
witness the recent basement mill ap
peared before Judge Smith this morning
with a small army of attorneys. After
a little conference It was agreed to have
sill the spectators represented by Attor
neys Colonel Garrity and Lin church.
Dr. Leroy Herrick and Will Tye were
called, but were not present, and Colonel
Garrity; for the missing defendants, said
they would be ready to explain their
presence in the basement to-morrow
morning, and a continuance was granted.
In addition to these cases Joe Rosenberg,
.1. S. Richardson, Fred Gatter, J. D. Eel
kins. Will Holland, Phil Simon and James
Galligan also had their cases passed till
to-morrow, when they will -.had.
George Duddy pleaded not guilty, and
said he wanted to be tried by the court
when he was a little less busy, and he
will be accommodated next Monday. Tom
Brady also wanted a separate trial and
will have it next Tuesday.
The situation is a little mixed. Green
and Permien, two young dad.- who acted
as bottle-holders, have pleaded guilty,
and will be sentenced to-morrow. Their
pleas will naturally affect the cases
against the spectators, who will hard
be able to prove that they were at the
ringside of the prize-fight and were not
looking on. Jakey Baumgarten, one of
the principals, made such a full con
fession that 'hi. Hodgkins is confident
of securing convictions. Jake was taken
from his bed at a quarter to 3 in the
morning. and shivering and scan he
went before Captain Peterson, who read
to him that section of the Penal Code re
lating to prize-fighting and Its penalties.
Jake was duly informed that anything
he might say might possibly be used
against him nt his trial, but between his
tears he told all hi knew, and thereby
lost many of his friends. Jake's con
fession is as full as though he realized
that by giving it he could prevent his
going to San Quentin for the five year«
which the law fixes as a maximum pen
alty for just such cases. With Jake con
fessing he was actually fighting for a
prize and without a permit, and with the
bottle-holders having pleaded guilty, the
alleged spectators will have to prove that
they were somewhere else at the time, or
else put up a novel defense.
Many are denying that they were pres
ent. Tin- arresting of the spectators is
still going on. and In addition to the
twelve landed yesterday William Hugh,
H. E. Alden. a real estate man, and
Charles Bock, a newspaper man. were
gathered In to-day, and many others have
promised to surrender themselves as soon
as they can procure the necessary $J0
with which to furnish bail. It now looks
as though that miserable fight in the
basement will net the city treasury about
$."iOO. while the value of the stake was
$9 20.
Libel Case Seeking a Judge.
OAF-LAND, Aug. Apparently neither
Judges Greene. Ogden nor Ellsworth is
particularly willing to try the $100,000 libel
suit brought by W. J. Dingee against Mrs.
Pedar Sather. The case came up origin
ally before Judge Ogden and he trans
ferred it to Judge Ellsworth's department,
but the latter transferred it back to the
former, who then sent it to Judge
Greene's department, and Judge Greene
yesterday transferred it back to Judge
Ellsworth. To-day Judge Ellsworth
promptly sent the case back to Judge
Greene. The Judges seem adverse to
handling the case,
-■ ♦ ■
Of 30,000- children in Edinburgh
schools, 20,000 are connected with Bands
of Hope.
AN ODD CLUBHOUSE
FOR BERKELEY WOMEN
0 i
\ T~"\ ERKELEY, Aug. B.— Within a few weeks the finishing touches will be T
T Jl put upon a new woman's clubhouse now going up on the corner of .
+ r~" l 'wight way and Dana street, which is attracting much interest and Q
x II curiosity on account of its peculiar oddity and eccentricity of design. <f
V ■* * The building, though partially complete, already shows its main points -f
♦ of outline, and these Indicate a structure of the most unlo.ue kind, a radical v
▼ departure from the conventional, bordering almost upon, the freakish. The A
♦ house Is being erected by the Berkeley Town and Gown Club, composed of I
A prominent society ladies in the university town, and is intended to be used 1.
V for the meetings, lectures, art exhibitions and receptions which the club T
t gives from time to time. It will not cost over $2500. >
T The building was designed by B. R. Maybe, instructor in drawing in V
T the University of California. Its chief characteristic is an almost seven. '_f
0 simplicity. Redwood will be used throughout the entire structure, without ~t
\ plastering of any kind. Save for the Interior of the roof, which is to be paint- Q
1 ed in a shade of bluish green, all the finishing for the walls, panels and v
4 furniture will be of natural wood. . The inside. dimensions are 2'*x4o feet. Of *▼*
x the two stories, the lower has a height of but eight feet, the upper of thirty t
Q feet. The latter will be used as a meeting hall, the lower floor being left for Q
A a library, cloakroom and kitchen. All the furniture has been specially made a
4- to order, and, like the rest of the building, will be severely plain. ■*-
THE SAN If KAN CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. AUGUST 9, 1899.
NETTIE SPEARS
TURNS TABLES
ON HER SPOUSE
He Sued Her for a
Divorce.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Aug. 8.
Morgan C. Spears, who only a few days
ago filed a sensational divorce suit in the
Superior Court of Alameda County against
bis wife. Nettie J. Spears, picturing her in
his allegations as an amazo'nlan who on
one occasion ordered lam at the point of
a revolver to quit the family home at
Sanger, Fresno County, lias had the tables
turned on him. He has been arrested on
a warrant issued in Sanger charging him
with failure to provide for his rive minor
children.
Spears Is a motorrnan in the employ of
the Oakland Transit Company, and Dep
uty Constable Irvie, who came all the
way from Sanger to effect the arrest, had
little difficulty In finding the man in blue
uniform and brass buttons. Spears was
decidedly surprised when placed under ar
rest, but through the pro: 1 1 > t action of
his attorneys. Goodcell & Mendenhall. who
rustled up bondsmen, he was later in the
day released by Superior Judge Ogden on
$600 bonds. Mr. and Mrs. Ben Wright go
ing his sponsors. He was held to answer
before the magistrate In Fresno County.
Though Spears, in his divorce complaint
made many charges of extreme cruelty,
explaining that he had left his wife rear
ing that his life would be endangered if lie
returned, Mrs. Spear, on the other hand,
will have a sad story of non-support to
relate when the case comes on for trial.
Recently she had the Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Children intercede
for her and go on her deserting spouse's
trail.
Another interesting divorce suit was
filed to-day by Alexander Anderson, an
engineer by occupation, who in his com
plaint, prepared by Attorney H. S. Aid
rich alleges that his wife, Lizzie Ander
son, has deserted him. He not only
charges that the wife deserted ins bed and
board, but that she took the bed and most
of the other household furniture along
with her when she left. The parties were
married about a year ago and this is not
Anderson's first experience In divorce pro
ceedings. He was also divorced from his
two former wives, both Of whom. It is
said left him under circumstances very
similar to those Involved In the present
case. __
Ben J. V. Merle, a motorrnan on the
Alameda Electric line, . also commenced
proceedings to-day for a divorce from
Florence R. Merle*. Me. too. alleges that
his wife left him without provocation.
MUST CARRY LIGHTS.
Baby Carriages Not Exempt From
the Ordinance.
ALAMEDA, Aug. B.— The Board of City
i Trustees adopted an ordinance last night.
! under the provisions of which it will be
j necessary for any person propelling a
j baby carriage after nightfall to carry a
• light. The ordinance is general in its
! scope and includes automobiles, hay wag-
I ons. bicycles, tricycles or vehicles of any
! kind. The ordinance as adopted is as
| follows:
1 Section 1. No person shall use or ride
upon any conveyance, bicycle, tricycle
or other vehicle on any public street
f or way in the city of Alameda after 8
o'clock in the evening or before sun
rise of any day between April 1 and
October 1 of any year, or after 6
o'clock in the evening and before sun
rise of any day betwen October 1 and
April 1 of any year, unless such con
veyance, bicycle, tricycle or other ve
hicle is provided with a light of at
hast one-candle power, projecting
rays of light In the direction In which
said vehicle is moving.
Sec. 2. Any person who shall violate
any of the provisions of this ordinance
shall be deemed guilty of a misde
i meanor, and upon conviction thereof
shall be punished by a fine not exceed
ing $20. or by imprisonment in the
! City Jail of th.- city of Alameda, Cal.,
for a term not exceeding ten days, or
by both such fine and imprisonment.
Sec. 3. Ordinance 212 is hereby re
pealed.
Sec. 4. This ordinance shall be pub
lished In the official paper of this
, city and take effect immediately there
after.
The above ordinance is to take the place
of one making it a misdemeanor for any
j person to ride a bicycle, etc., on the
| streets of Alameda after dark.
I The attention of the board was called by
1 the City Attorney to the unjustness of
i the ordinance to bicyclists, who were re
j quired to carry lights, while other ye
! hides were exempt, whereupon the board
I instructed him to prepare an ordinance to
i include all vehicles.
The merchants are displeased at the
board for passing such an ordinance.
Fortune in Government Bonds.
OAKLAND, Aug. B.— Thomas Turner.
j Charles D. Olney and W. D. Walker to
day hied an appraisement of the estate of
j Ferry Rockwell Jr., deceased, showing
: total valuation of $20,314. Of this amount
$18,000 represents eighteen United States
j Government 4 per cent bonds — 1907reg
| istered at $1000 each: there are also four
I 3 per cent coupon bonds, war loan of 1898,
at 1100 each, and two of the same at $500
I each. The remaining $200 is the value
placed on household furniture, etc.
THE TWIN HEROES
OF TWIN LAKES
OAKLAND, Aug. S. —H. .T. and A. R. Waters of Nil*B, proprietors of the
Herald, are heroes. They have made a record as life-savers at Twin
Lakes that will never be' forgotten so long as Baptist conventions are
held in the little resort near Santa Cruz.
Early last Sunday morning a party of young ladles and gentlemen,
consisting of Miss May Vernon and Miss Florence Page of East Oakland, G.
R. and W. C. Pruett of Oakland and A. It. and 11. G. Waters of Niles, left
Twin Lakes for the beach, having an engagement to breakfast at the Hotel
Capitola. They were Inspecting a cove and were hemmed in by a forty-foot
precipice. They were of the opinion that the tide was going out, but instead
it was coming in. After walking far into the cove they discovered their mis
take. There was nothing but steep precipices ahead of them, and their only
chance of .-scape was by the way they had gone In. The water was rapidly
deepening, and to get out they would have to brave the surf.
To save the young ladies they must be carried on the shoulders of the
gentlemen. This was a comparatively easy matter around the first two
points. The Waters brothers, being the larger of the men. bore the young la
dies, the Pruett brothers leading the way. Rut when the third point was
reached the surf was high and getting dangerously rough, and here was the
test of valor.
H. J. "Waters, the Pruett brothers leading and guiding him slowly through
the water, carried Miss Vernon around the point tirst. He then returned to
assist his brother and carried Miss Page out, A. U. Waters guiding. The task
was a severe one physically, but was accomplished with no dreaded results.
The last point was easily made, each of the Waters brothers carrying a
young lady through the surf, which was here shallow. When the party turned
about from their point of safety and looked hack at the beach just traveled
they saw that the coves were full and that the surf was angrily breaking over
tin- points. Cheers reached their ears from a bevy of anxious people on the
wharf as they came into plain sight, for they had been watched in their peril
and some fishermen asked to go to their rescue.
Word was sent to the relatives of the young ladles that they were safe,
for it was feared that th.- story of their danger would precede their return.
►©♦©♦©♦©♦©♦©♦©••►© ♦ © ♦ ©♦©♦©♦ ©♦©♦ o ♦ O ♦ o-f o-f o-f o-f o-f o-f e-f o*l
TRIAL OF IMPORTANT
SUIT IS COMMENCED
LARSEN SEEKS DAMAGES FOR
WRECKED HOME.
Awful Details of the Melrose Ex
plosion Will Be Recited Again
in Court.
_
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
9 8 Broadway, Aug. 8.
An important trial was commenced in
Judge Ogden's court this afternoon. The
case is that of Rasmus Larsen, who is
suing the Western Fuse and Explosives
Company for $1500 on account of the
wrecking of his home at Melrose by the
explosion which coat the lives of six
brave officers a year ago, and for the
next few days the awful details ol the j
explosion will be recited in court once j
more. : - „' ... .. ,
The Larsen suit is the first of the kind
to reach trial, and upon its ultimate out- j
come will depend the action to be taken
by many other property owners who sui- j
fered losses. Should Larsen win and the
company be held responsible, any num
ber of suits will be promptly filed. Th-;
particular point at issue is whether or
not the powder magazines maintained at
Melrose, and which were set off by a
murderous Chinese who was trying to
avoid capture, were really nuisances.
The greater part of this afternoon was
occupied in securing a jury. The ilaintitf
Is represented by Attorneys M. C. > hap
man and Reed & Nusbaumer, while
George R. Lukens is watching the com
pany- Interests.
REHEARSING FOR THE
CAKEWALK CARNIVAL
OAKLAND, Aug. B.— From present In
dications the great International Cake
walk Carnival will be all that the man
agement expects it to be, and when the
doors will be thrown open next Wednes
day evening, August 16, a large and en
thusiastic audience Is expected. Every
preparation Is being made, rehearsals are
being held daily, and the grand entry and ,
pageant, with several hundred hand
somely costumed cakewalkers, together
with many beautiful floats, which add
very materially to the beauty of the
spectacle, will be wonderfully attractive.
Th. procession will be led by Miss Peari
Hickman, who, by the way, is the Very
personification of grace and a decided
master in the art of dancing, and Imme
diately behind her will be the retinue of
the king and queen of the carnival fol
lowed by his and her highnesses, seated
in a gorgeous chariot, which is being
built for the occasion. Then will follow
the numerous cakewalkers in their differ
ent divisions ranging from the graceful
and dignified cakewalk to the grotesque
style of walking. There will also be two j
handsomely decorated floats representing
the "Birth of the Cakewalk" and the i
"Cakewalk Up to Date."
One of the most unique features of the ,
carnival, without a doubt, will be the
CONTRIBUTIONS FOR THE
DEWEY HOME FUND
Enough Money Has Already Been
Raised to Purchase a Home,
but More Is Wanted.
WASHINGTON, Aug. B.— The Assistant
Secretary of the Treasury, Mr. Vanderllp.
chairman of the National Dewey Home
Fund Committee, said to-day in regard to
the Dewey home:
"The committee is very much encour
aged with the returns which are being
made. The total receipts now exceed $20,
--000, and even if no larger sum is realized
It is the purpose of the committee to pur
chase a home with that amount, it is
expected, however, that the fund will
grow considerably owing to the fact that
the admiral has not raised any objections
to receiving the gift. Many people who
were anxious to contribute held aloof
from the project owing to the circulation
of rumors that the admiral would not ac
cept the home extended him. But it .s
expected that the removal of this obsta
cle will induce many to contribute who
were stopped by the circulation of false
reports The whole business will be closed
before the arrival of Admiral Dewey, It
is now expected that he will arrive Sep
tember 1 instead of October 1. During
the next month 1 hope contributions will
come in rapidly and liberally. There
ought not to be near so much difficulty In
raising $40,000 or (50.000 throughout the
whole country when for the purpose of
giving the admiral a reception in New
York three or four times that amount has
been received and expended to make the
celebration a very prominent one.
"The home fund movement ls a project
which every section of the country should
have at heart. The hon is to be located
at the national capital. While this is a
long w-v from the Pacific States, yet they
are Indebted to the hero of Manila per
haps a little more, because of the fact
that they are nearer to the scene of his
glorious victory.
"It is highly probable that the commit
tee will decide to buy a house in the city
and remodel it. as no plans have been
called for as yet. The cause is a good one
Berkeley, Fruit vale
electric cakewa'k, which was given, in
San Francisco and which made a decided
hit there, Besides Miss Pearl Hickman;
Miss La Salle and Mr. Barr, who were
the participants In the walk across the
bay, there will be two juvenile walkers,
who will be elaborately gowned in black
and yellow satin cosutmes which are
being made expressly for the occasion.
CAUGHT A SHOPLIFTER,
BUT THEY LET HER GO
... . .
OAKLAND, Aug. B.— Through the keen
observation of Floor Walker Gantz at tile
Lace House a clever shoplifter was neatly
captured this morning. Gantz spied her
secreting a costly piece of lace beneath
her coat. She is supposed to be a Mrs.
Cowan, residing at Frultvale, and when
Mr. Gantz openly accused her she at first
denied it, but eventually her guilt was
left no longer in doubt, for she broke into
! tears and plteously pleaded for mercy.
! When sin- unbuttoned her coat tidies,
handkerchiefs, ribbons and two white
lawn dresses fell to th.- floor to corrobor
ate, her guilt. Some of the goods had been
tak-Ti from Salinger's and other stores
and In all the stolen property amounted
in value to about $17.".. She also had a
commutation ticket to San Francisco. Out
the owner's name had been effaced. There
was no Inclination, however, on the part
of Manager Capwell of the Lace House
to hold the woman, so he did not turn her
over to the police.
Death of a Pioneer Resident.
ALAMEDA. Aug. B.— William Holts, one
of the oldest and best known citizens of
the West End, died early this morning at
the Alameda Sanitarium. He recently suf
fered a stroke of paralysis, from the ef
fects of which he never recovered.
Deceased was born in Hamburg sixty
nine years ago. He came to California in
181!* and engaged in the grocery business
in San Francisco. In 1869 he located In
Alameda and opened a grocery .--tore on
the corner of Santa Clara avenue ;nd
what is now known as Linden street. A
few years later he embarked in the read
estate and insurance business, which vo
cation he followed up to the time of his
last illness.
Mr. Holtz was twice elected a Justice
of the Peace He was an old fireman, be
ing a charter member of Whidden Hose
Company No. 2, and was at one time a
member" of the Board of Education. __c
was f* member of Oak Grove Lodge. F.
and A. M.. under whose auspices the fu
neral will be conducted.
Deceased leaves a widow and an only
daughter. Mrs. Johanna Jurgens. who is
now visiting In Hamburg with the family
of her father's brother. Fred Holtz, the
only son, died In 1889.
Board of Trade Organized.
OAKLAND, Aug. S.— Permanent organi
zation of the Haywards Board of Trade
was effected at an enthusiastic meeting
of Haywards merchants last night by the
election of the following officers: H. E.
Bruner, president; George Oakes and T.
Wllbert. vice presidents; A. V. Morgan,
recording secretary; J. W. McCoy, finan
cial secretary; D. Chisholm, treasurer.
Tin- board of directors will be chosen at
a meeting to be held next Wednesday
night.
j and should have the sincere and earnest
co-operation of every true American. It
I is to oe hoped that, now that the great
I obstacle In the way of si ccess of the
| project, the refusal of the admiral to ac
cept the home, has been removed, the peo
ple of the country who were anxious to
: contribute will come to the fore *\ .th gen
; erous contributions."
While the committee has not given out
I any list of the contributions or the names
of those who have contributed, it is said
! that a good many of the most prominent
I men and women of the country are among
the number.
COLONIST RATES FIXED.
Transcontinental Roads Agree Upon
a Schedule.
CHICAGO, Aug. B.— All the Western
and transcontinental roads were repre
sented at the mass meeting at. the Great
Northern to-day to consider the proposi
tion to advance colonist rates to Califor
nia points regardless of the low rates in
effect to North Pacific Coast points. The
main obstacle in the way of a restoration
of the California rates was the fear that
the low North Pacific Coast rates might
be used as basing rates and thereby cut
California rates via North Pacific Coast
points
This obstacle was removed by the prom
ise of Passenger Agent Whitney of the
Great Northern that the low colonist
rates from St. Paul to North Pacific
Coast points would be limited strictly to
those points and would not be permitted
to be used as a basing rate. It was then
agreed to restore the California colonist
rates on September 1 to ■ the old basis
of $52 60.
NO JOINT COMMISSION.
LONDON, Aug. 9.— The Daily Mail pub
i lishes the following dispatch from Johan
! nesburg: "By a special article added to
j the grondwe (the constitution of the
■ Transvaal) the President is authorised, la
the event of war, rebellion or other emer
gency, to proclaim martial law and to
compel every Inhabitant of the republic
to bear arms In its defense. The Pre
toria forts are being strengthened and
Boer agents are buying up all the avail
able draught oxen in Bechuanaland."
LIVERMORE IS
OUT FOR MEN
IN UNIFORMS
Wants a Company of
Guardsmen.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
808 Broadway, Aug. S.
Livermore is ambitious to furnish a per
manent company of the National Guard
of California. Many months ago a peti
tion was filed with the State authorities
asking that of the new companies to be
formed one be located In Livermore. The
petition was signed by fully twice the
number of eligible young men necessary
to form a company. , It is understood that
shortly the Board of Location will decide
where the new companies shall be placed.
1 There are three vacancies, one of which
was made by the dropping out of the Red
ding company, and the other two are in
the southern part of the State.
The Board of Location has the Liver
more petition In hand, and the only other
competitor for the honor, so far as known,
is Watsonville. The towns are using all
the influence they can command to gain
favorable action by the Board of Loca
tion, each town realizing that the adver
tisement that must follow from the forma
tion of a company is of Inestimable value.
The movement at Livermore was orig
inated by Dr. Summers, and his efforts
have been seconded by those of Assembly
men W. McDonald and J. O. McKown. It
is now propose. to Inaugurate a move
ment embracing the whole town, and to
try to bring the matter to a head at once.
The State is very generous in its allow
ances to National Guard companies, and
furnishes $1200 a year for the rent of an
armory, in addition to other money for
Incidentals. The only thing exacted of the
community Anally selected by the Board
of Location is that it shall be able to sus
tain a company. On this point it will be
an easy matter for Livermore to satisfy
the board, as there are at least three
times the necessary number of eligible
recruits in the town.
Mrs. Hildenbrand 's Estate.
OAKLAND. Aug. B.— Fritz Boehmer of
Alameda applied to-day for letters of ad
ministration on the estate of Margaretha
1* Hildenbrand, who died at the Napa In
sane Asylum on July 20. Her death was
attributed to the shock following a lucid
interval during which she realized her
sad position. The estate is very small,
consisting solely of two lots in Alameda
worth about $400. The heirs a son and
two daughters, are Conrad Hildenbrand,
aged P0 years; Mary E. Boehmer, aged 47,
and Louisa T. Graff, aged 30.
Clement Is Competent.
OAKLAND, Aug. 8.-The City Council
has virtually decided that City Engineer
Clement Is "a competent engineer. The
ordinance containing the expression re- ;
lating to competency, which provoked .
such a warm discussion two weeks ago.
was indefinitely postponed at last night s !
meeting and no one cared to revive the
a _*_ tI the contrary a resolution was passed
ordering the City, Engineer to at once |
begin on the preliminary work for the
much-needed sewer system in the annexed ;
district.
■ m • ■
Schoonmaker to Lecture. j
OAKLAND. Aug. 8.— Ex-Congressman
F X. Schoonmaker will lecture at Hamil
ton Hall on Friday evening, on the invl
tation of the Oakland Board of Trade.
He will speak on the effect of the Philip- ]
pine war in regard to rts effect on com
mercial relations between this country
and the Orient, '--tf
1
FUNERAL OF W. A. PIPER. j
Masons Conduct the Obsequies of the
Eccentric Millionaire and
ex-Congressman.
The funeral of millionaire William A. |
Piper, who died a few days ago at the j
Palace Hotel, took place yesterday af- !
ternoon from the Masonic Temple on Post
street Deceased was a member of the ;
Mexican War Veterans and the Pioneer
organization, as well as being a promi- |
nent Mason, and all of these organizations .
sent delegations to attend the obsequies.
The services were those of the Masonic
fraternity and were performed by Wor- i
shipful Master G. Knight White of Lodge
No. 1, F. and A. M. At the conclusion of
the ceremonies the body was .taken to I
Odd Fellows' Cemetery and interred in the
family vault.
The pall-bearers were selected from the
different societies of which the deceasd
was ,i member and were as follows: Rela
tives. M. M. Shearer and W. P. Shearer: !
Mexican War Veterans. H. W. Kurlbaum j
and Charles Lang; Masons, S. L. Vance |
and W. H. Forbes: Pioneers, Judge A. R.
j Cotton and H. H. Welch. \
HITCHCOCK SCHOOL
(LATE SELBORNE),
S__KT RAFAEL.
This school will reopen on August 29. with
handsome new buildings, heated by steam and
lighted by electricity. Every pupil has sepa-
rate room, choice of bedrooms on first and sec-
ond floors. Steam from outside, no furnace, no
stoves no flues In boys' quarters. The nearest
approach to a fireproof school. Arrangements
have been made for hoarding pupils and carry-
ing on the school in the Hotel Rafael until the
buildings are completed. For catalogues, testi-
monials ond references apply to the principal.
REV. CHARLES HITCHCOCK, San Rafael.
HOITT'S SCHOOL,
MENLO PARK. SAN MATEO COUNTY, CAL..
is rebuilding with all modern Improvements.
Will be thoroughly equipped and begin its
ninth year August Uth. Beautiful surround-
ings, home Influences. Offers superior advan-
tage* for the care and thorough training of
boys. Accredited at the universities.
IRA G. HOITT, Ph. D.. Principal.
ST. MATTHEW'S MILITARY SCHOOL,
SAN MATEO, CAL.— FOUNDED A. D. 1*66.
by the late Rev. Alfred Lee Brewer, D.D.
Fur catalogue and illustrated circular address
REV. W. A. BREWER. A. 8.,
Rector and Head Master.
UNIVERSITY ACADEMY,
A I- A /VIE DA.
A SELECT SCHOOL FOR BOYS.
Next term begins on TUESDAY. August 8.
W. W. ANDERSON. Principal.
TRINITY SCHOOL,
*_*_fin WASHINGTON ST. OPENS AUG.
9J*y\J\J 7th. Prepares for college and uni-
versity; twenty-second year; corps of 11 pro-
fessors. Accredited with the University. For
catalogue of Information apply to
DR. E. D. SPALDING, Rector.
Ham in School and Van Ness Seminary,
10/1Q JACKSON, COR. GOUGH ST.. S. F.
lO*TO Boarding and day school for girls.
Accredited by the University of California.
Opens August 14, 1899. Send for prospectus.
SARAH P. HAMLIN. Principal.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and reno- ated. KING. WARD _
CO. European plan. Rooms. SOc to $1 50 day;
*6 to 18 week; $8 to 830 month. Free baths; hot
anil cold water every room: Are grates la every
, rocm; elevator mas all night.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Spanish -= American
1 War Panorama
I Is one of the war books which is likely
'to be in continuous demand. It is a
: panoramic record of the triumphs of
Yankee Doodle. The eagle flaps his
wings on every page, and "Old Glory"
waves around and above every scene.
Prominent officers connected with the
i war are here portrayed, as well as
! many of the "men behind the guns."
i Military life is pictured to the eye, from
! recruiting to guard mount and skirmish
I line. Nor is the ludicrous omitted. Tha
j company cook receives the attention
J due to his importance; the mess is
; shown; cavalry scenes are given; the
j hospital arrangements are depicted; the
i heroines of the Red Cross service are
! displayed; street scenes in Havana,
> Santiago and elsewhere are unrolled,
' the new citizens or subjects (which are
I they?) of Uncle Sam appear and dis-
: appear as the leaves are turned.
In a word, the gazer visits the new
localities and sees the tumultuous new
- life, without the risk or expense of a
sea' voyage. •
The Album is s"_xB inches, weighs 12
ounces, printed on finest coated paper.
Sent FREE to any address in the
United States, Canada or Mexico for
i 12 cents in stamps or coin to cover post-
! age and packing. Copy may be seen at
i any ticket office o* the Big Four Route.
■ Order at once, as the edition is limited.
' Address WARREN J. 7.YNCH. Gen-
eral Passenger and Ticket Agent "Big
j Four Route," Cincinnati, Ohio.
Mark envelope "War Album."
I _
': A visit DR, JORDAN'S great I
* MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
j 9 __B 1351 -ABES? ST. **■■ ** 7 *- 1 ' '-'' C;!. A
1 V Car The Largest Anatomical Museum In the \
A --J*, World Wwkneo.es or any contracted m
V -——SOT disease p**-«iliw«-l-» cured hy the oldest T
£ _fS» 9 Specialist ( v the _.*,*__ Est. 36 yea*-- 9
4 gfjPl DR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
\ "^R_?_>_l Co.nultation frre and stri't'y private. V
A I X#^_^H •"** ,lnl * n ' personally rr liy letter. A M
ff I (Jr c* B i»« fun Curt in every case undertaken, T
A* if 11 A Write (or n-.nk.|-|lH.OStJrn*_-cf>
9" IJ 11" MAnnlA«-K. MAILED Hhb. (.if
1 Jl Ij, valuable book for men* \
9OR JOBDAX-I'V. 1051 Market St., S. F. 9
lA/. X. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT-LAW,
Tenth Floor, Itoom 1015, Claus Spreckels Bldg-.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. S2l California Et.. below Powell.
San Francisco.
j ' /-^ OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
__. Steamers leave Broadway
Wk»^^ wharf, San Francisco:
|_Sj_?§__s_ For Alaskan ports, 10 a, m..
1 BBBk3«S__ August 4. 9, 14, 19. 2*. 29. Sep-
ri_B_R tember 3. change at Seattle.
' ___fl_H^Al *" or Victoria. Vancouver (Ti.
C____ll C.), Fort Townsend, Seattle,
T *^Mg€'»l Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash).
*■ 10 a. m. August 4. 9, 14. 19,
24 29 Sentemtoer 3, and every fifth day there-
after flange at Seattle to this company,
steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry., at Ta-
coma to N 'P. By.: at Vancouver to C. P. By.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. August
2 1 i_C 17 22. 27. September 1. and every fifth
''Vor^frC-u-.. Monterey. San Simeon.
Ce-mroa Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
Gnviota Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme
! Mn V, pe_ro a East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
il-S^tUeV n riTry\o^-^ *$*£
T-ss ___eIM and Redondo (Los Angeles) 11 a.
rf August 2. 6 10. 14. 18. 22. 26. 30. September
3 "and every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
*-__^4»«%. B «r«_:
' m For h further information obtain 'ol«er. n
company -steamers, sailing date.
without p^vlous notice steamers, sailing date.
! -tICKKT'oFfTcE-4 New Montgomery
■ 1 etreet (Palace Hotel). _ CO., Gen. Agts.
uu 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
-* DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC S'2 First Cla«« Including Bert*
rAnt $8 Second Class and Meals.
i STATE OF CALIFORNIA ,ai15...... 6 .... :
I COLUMBIA* sails.... Aug. 1. 11. 21. 31. Sept. 10.
' Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Bu'.te.
; Helena and all points In the Northwest,
i Through tickets to all points East.
I EC. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market st.
! GOODALL. PERKINS .' CO*-_._,_ tendpnts .
! AMERICAN LINE"
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PARI3.
! ! Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
Frorri New Tort Every Wednesday, » a. m.
' St. Paul August Ki-'f. p « ,1, -September 1 «
' New York.... 2** New York Sept. 13
St. Louis August 30|Sr. Louis Sept. -'*
RED STAR LINE.
. New York and Antwero.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
, I Kensington ....Aug. 16|Pouthwark .....Sept. *
. i Noordland Aug. 23; Westernland ..Sept. IS
1 Friesland Aug. 30 1 Kensington ....Sept. -0
EMPIRE LINE.
1 Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For Full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
30 Montgomery St., or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
1 Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
' connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
I India, etc. No cargo received on board en day
j of sailing. *
■ AMERICA MART* Friday, October 6
HONGKONG MARC Thursday. August 17
j NIPPON MART* Tuesday, September 12
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's of-lce,
i 421 Market St.. cor. First. ' ■
- .- ; W. B. CURTIS, General Agent.
_____"_■! ■_■ m Mill S. S. Moana -n!l-
-_3rTC_nff «!■_■:£''<"• Honolulu and
H_*>l_l *£''■"' B "**- Auckland for Sydney
1 _!_-£ _H_ _. Wednesday. August 3.
lfi __srBTr_ _■■__■_*_■ a t *° S. Moana sails
EmHI. via Honolulu nr, 1
•PaW*** Auckland for Sydney
™ Wednesday. August 3.
i__»<'____"\ at 10 p. m.
' __*#_^»**^TMn" , The S. S. Australia
< rtCOllljllil"^ fMI, for Honolulu
TSB"^ /SmRT-biL- Wednesday. August 23.
i £z2r vyiiimuictr ot 2p . m .
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
' Samoa New Zealand. Australia. India, Suea.
England, etc.; $610 flrst class. ■
I. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Otace.327 Market St.
CO«PABNI3 GENERAL*! IRANSATLANTIQU.
! DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. >.j».
i Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <**.**{
' from Pier 42. North River, foot o£v-^ VJI'iK
: Morton St. LA CHAMPAGNE. August --LA.
BRETAGNE, August IJ*. LA I i OK . M ,, I>l I- .
I August 2(,: LA TOURAINE Sept. J. LA.
' CHAMPAGNE. Sept. 9. First-class to Havre
■ ; lfi" and upward. 5 per cent reduction i on round
, trip. Second-class to Havre W. 10 per «nt re-
, duction on round trip. °-_*™ I *-£_«-\ < _; NC __
! FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32
. Broadway 'Hudson building). New .orK. J. I .
FUG." 5*.1 & CO.. Pacific Coast / ' a Moni-
-1 gomery aye.. San F'-nnc'-co.
BAT AND BXVEB STEA_LEB3.
| STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf .8 _m.
daily returning from Stockton at 6 p. m.
dally (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
* leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m.
dally (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA N.W. AND 15-?. CO.
' j Telephone Main 305. '
; FOR l). S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "-Monticello."
■ • MON . Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
1 a"m '3:13 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night). Fri-
i days, 'l p. m. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. m., 8
' i p. m. Landing and offlce. Mission-street Dock.
. i Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1308.
. j FARE -to
- a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
_C*M-*t___[ 625 KEABSY XT- Established
In I8„4 for the treatment of Private
~'A_Jkh___F Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
_U-„-?_L disease wearing on bodyand mind and
' 2_B Skin Dlb^ases. The doctorcures when
' othcisftlL Try him. Charges low.
r *si__B Cnreicuaranterd. C; II orwrita,
_ ■ Sr. J, _*'- wABIiOJT, B«*r 1007, dftui-'iauc-WUk
-■-v .■-■,.-.■... ■■- ■--■■*■-■'■■■■'-•■■' J*'."-'-/-.'""-:"*':'---' .-.■:.--■.-
910
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of ths San Frtmolsoo
Call, comer of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 327 Montgomery .treet,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SOO Hayes street; open until 9:30 o clock,
(39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o c ock.
615 larkin street; open until 9:80 o clock.
1011 Mission street; .pen until 30 o clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock. ,
100 Eleventh street: open until 9 o «ock.
?-£' Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets; cpen until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
MOUNT' Moriah \ Lodge >' No.*» {_•_,•£___! SL. j
A. M. Meeting THIS - (WEDNES-; Uf\
DAY) EVENING, at 7:20 c clock. Jjyfc .
First degree. THE q FROLICH, Sec. ;
CROCKETT Lodge No. W**. and A. «
M.— D. 2 THIS (WEDNESDAY)
EVENING. August 9. at 7:30 o'clock JtjK
By order of the W. M. ,-- c I V \
-y-.-- :-:.- H. FORTRIBDE, Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 165, F. and A. Bt
M-— Special meeting THIS (WEDNES- __r\_
:DAY* EVENING, August 9, ut 7:30 itJC
o'clock. Firet degreee. * *«" ' .
THEO. E. SMITH. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M.— m
Called meeting THIS (WEDNES- ZJS% _
D.-V) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. *JKjtt
First degree. /V 1
H. C. HUNKER, Secretary pro tern.
F. O. E.— Officers and members of San Fran-
cisco Aerie No. 5 are hereby notified to assem-
ble at the undertaking parlors of Theo.
Dlercks, Mission St., between Fifth and
Fixth. at 1:30 o'clock p. m., THIS DAY
(WEDNESDAY), August ' *_59, for the pur-
pose of lending the funeral of our late
brother, RICHARD KOCH. By order of the
worthy president.
- GPS POHLMANN, Worthy Secretary.
NOTICE of meeting of stockholders of The Ris-
don Iron, and !->,-.>::;. ,t ire Works, to take Into
consideration proposed Increase of capital
stock.
Notice is hereby given that pursuant to a
resolution and order of the board o* rectors
of The Risdon Iron and Locomotive Works, a
corporation organized and existing under and
by virtue of the laws of the State of Califor-
nia, and having its office and principal place
of business at the city and county of San
Francisco, in said State, unanimously adopted
at a regular meeting of said board held on j
the seventh day of August. in the year one
thousand eight hundred and nlnety-hlne, a
meeting of the stockholders of said corpora-
tion will be held on Wednesday, the Eight-
eenth Day of October, in the year one thou-
sand eight hundred and ninety-nine, at the
hour of two o'clock ln the afternoon of said
day, at the office of said corporation, which
is at the building situate on the easterly cor-
ner of Beale and Howard streets, in said city
and county of San Franclaeo, the same being
the principal place of business of said corpo-
ration, and being the building where the
beard of directors of said corporation usually
meets;
That the object of said meeting is to deter-
mine whither or not the capital stock of said
(ration shall be Increased from one million
. dollars, divided into ten thousand shares of
one hundred dollars each, to a capita! stock
of one million one hundred thousand dollars,
divided Into eleven thousand shares of one
hundred dollars each;
That the amount to which It ls proposed to
increase the paid capital stock is one million
one hundred thousand dollars.
By order of the board of director**.
L. P.. MEAD,
Bee— 'ta— r of The Risdon Iron and locomotive
Works.
Dated August S. :**■..
ACCOUNTANTS.
fc K. BALLARD. 401 Cal. st,. designs, audi- A
adjust! accounts for ■■ Titrations & firms; ref.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
MAGUIRE .'. GALLAGHER— O. Ma-
guire (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) hava
mcved their law offices to the Parrott build-
ing. 525-555 Market st, : t»l. South 215.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee wit! out success; collections. G. W.
HOWE atty at law. ,50 Market, cor. Stocktn.
J RJ PARKER. 916 Market St.. room 67; advice
free. charge low; business pushed.
NAGLE _ NAGLE. Attorneys -at-Law. Emma '
* Spreckels Building. 927 Market st. ■
__. s. CLARK— Emma Spreckels building, 927 '
Murk- " cor-_l*ation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
' A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call, ;
If, page«. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
AT 41i First st.— Niceiy furnished rooms, with I
beard. $*> ■ week up; Swedish home; parlor.
BOARDING In private .Spanish family; very
convenient commercial men: ref. 225 Geary.
FRUITVALE: priv. board: extensive grounds.
Incl. orchard; Hopkins House, Hopkins and
-"ruitvale ay. ; cars pass. Ad. Diamond P. O.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT— Strictly first-clasa; 1714 ,
Mnrket st., S. F. Cal.; American and Euro- |
pean r'.an; elegantly furnished rooms, single I
or en suite; beard and room, $1 per day up;
suites without hoard. $1 per day: single rooms,
ry,. • special rales by month, also to tourists.
LAS PALMAS. I_o Market— Parlor, 2 bed- |
rooms, tmitable for 4; private; bath; board op.
O'FARRELL. 742— Clean comfortable rooms; j
good home cooking; special rates to gents.
"POWELL. 309 (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union I
Bq.— Restaurant, dining rm. ; cen. for lunches.
PRIVATE hoarding; home cooking; terms $3
per week. 725*4 Howard st.
BOARDING 1 oil ■ Hll.llU *N.
GERMAN lady having a nice home and alone
would like one or I two children to board;
near school. Box 1461. Call office.
CHILD to board: sunny yard; nice, neighbor-
hood. Apply 2SIS Push hi.
WANTED — One or two children to board. Box
1143, Call.
ANTE!*— A child one to four years old to
board: best of care. '' Chesley St.
!■- . ... _— =
BOOKS— NEW AND OLD.
CASH paid for school books, or exchanged for
new. LORIMER. 1527 Market, opp. Van Ness.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Book ■'. . 704 Mission St.. near Third.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— ssoo; PARTNER wanted in pork and sau-
sage factory; knowledge of business not nec-
essary; only good lively man wanted to at-
tend books and outside route. WILKE, 906
Market st.
J1— 52650; OLD-ESTABLISHED corner grocery
and bar on Eddy st. ; a splendid location and .
flrst-class paying; stock will invoice the price;
living rooms; horse and wagon: death in fam-
ily only cause of sale. WILKE, 806 Market. ;
A— sl2oo; SALOON and lunch house, with living
rooms; surrounded by factories and ware-
house; rent {*,*,; a money-making place. Call
R. G. WILKE, 906 Market st. I
A— s3so; DELICACY and dairy produce .stand j
ln leading market: horse, wagon; all fresh
goods: a bargain. WHjKE, 906 Market st.
A— $12.*0. SALOON on Third St.. close to Call
building; rent $30; established years and pay-
ing splendidly; Investigate soon; a rare
chance. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market St.
A— sl6oo; CORNER»grocery and bar, with living
rooms; low rent; estab. years; first-class pay- ,
ing- very' best location on Hayes St.; owner
to leave the city. WILKE, 906 Market St.
A— s3so; BAKERY in lively country town, close I
to the city; rent $20; daily sales, $20; all cash I
i-tore trade; full value In sight. Call R. G.
WILKE, 906 Market <d. !
$1000— WANTED— A partner to act as treas-
urer in a vaudeville show under circus can-
vas; will guarantee profits to Investor $300 ;
per month. Call WILKIE _ CO.. 906 Market, j
•COO— CORNER grocery and bar, ln best part
Westers Addition; present owner there 5 !
years- must be sold at once on account of I
settlement of estate. LESS & -P.. 71*3 Mrkt. |
j4Of>— FIRST-CLASS restaurant with 6 living
rooms; excellent location; well-establisned;
receipts $15 day; must be sold; rare bargain;
investigate. M. LESS _ CO., 765 Market st.
$200— RESTAURANT; best part city front; es-
tablished 32 years; receipts $12; rent $22. |
LESS. 765 Market st. I
A— s2so; locksmith shop for sale; bargain this
day. McLAUGHLIN _ CO., TT7'.- Market st.
$350— SALOON; bargain; sickness cause of
sale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777*4 Market st.
$323— BARGAIN; Decker square piano; worth
$1000; almost new. BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
TO sell or exchange— Business, any kind. Ap-
ply-""/. B. DENNISON, 783* i Market st.
$35,000— TW0 free gold quartz claims; ledge 20 \
to 24 feet wide. BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
PHOTO supply and stationery store, In one of j
the best Interior towns near city; price in- !
eludes furniture; $100; snap for a practical
photographer; rent, including water, $7 DO a
month; sickness only cause for selling: call]
early. Room 2, 1007*. Market St.. near Sixth.
FRUIT store; 3 living rooms; large cellar;
horse and wagon; paying business. 209
Second st. . bargain.
2 CIGAR stores: bargains. Room 2, 1007". Mar-
ket St., near Sixth.
BARGAIN— Lark Saloon, 12 Seventh St., I. O.
O. F. building, opp. New Postoffice building.
WANTED— For cash, small grocery and bar.
Address box 1080, Call office.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
COUNTRY store, consisting of bakery, confec-
tionery, ice cream parlors, etc. ; clearing $100
monthly: see this chance; price $500. HEALY,
917 Market st,
CITY front saloon and lunch house, billiard
table, etc., clearing $100 monthly; call to-
day; $450. HEALY, 917 Market at.
$€50— CORNER grocery and bar; Western Ad-
dition: living rooms; full value in stock, etc.
HEADY, 917 Market st. _____
LADIES, attention; branch bakery, candy,
etc.; rooms. HEALY, 917 Market at.
$100— A POOR man's chance; --room house;
ground rent $10 per year; suitable tor house-
keeping; tailor or shoemaker. 120$ Page St.
PARTNER wanted, good house, 50 rooms,
furnished, central; single man preferred. Box
1019. Call.
$125— CIGAR stand; good location: bargain. In-
quire 9 Eddy st., 10 a. m., 8 p. m.
SMALL restaurant for sale; cheap rent. 202
Ninth st. tf
THE best paving home bakery and delicatessen
store; large stock of home-made fruits and
relishes; lunch rooms; living rooms; first-
class trade; low rent. 514 Eleventh st., Oak-
land. —
DELICACY and general store; best loca-
tion; living rooms; average $500 per month.
Apply ; 6 Eleventh st.
FOR sale— Nice delicatessen and lunch room;
living rooms; fine location; cheap. 414 Jones.
BECK & CO. NOAH F. FLOOD, Attorney.
Buy, sell and exchange real estate and busb
ness chances; loans and collections made. m»
Market st. ' ' -
FIRST-CLASS paying butcher, sausage and
pork-packing business for sale in one of tns
best towns north of San Francisco. For par-
ticulars Inquire at this office.
FOR sale— A good home bakery; for particulars
Inquire at 2585 Market St.. near Sixteenth.
J. McELLIGOTT.
FIRST-CLASS blacksmith shop for sale cheap;
In city. Box 1479, Call office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S, 412 Sacramento st.
PROMINENT corner on Market St.; a cigar
and tobacco business. J. M., box 1130. Call.
BARGAIN— Meat market; $250; splendid lo-
cality; cash business. Apply owner. 506 Castro.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
pout age paid. ____-__——————■
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
Al_-^kl_dTaT wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission St.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 I'olsom st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor wort-
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 553-357 Tehama St.: tel. S. 40.
J McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson st. : tel. South 228; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard; laid at 3c
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st ; t-1. Jessie 944.
J I*. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
U. S. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn.. 303 Golden
Gate; carpets cleaned, 3c yd.; tel. Mint 346.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate n\"tf. tel. E_st 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing: a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
I Agent. Office and factory. 21 Spear *'.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
PROFESSOR '1-.
The world's greatest clairvoyant and trance
Hum. ■ 
Do you wish to know facts you should
know? If you will succeed in your under-
takings? If you will win your lawsuit*.' If
your domestic troubles will soon end? If you
will obtain your ambition? If you are loved?
II you will succeed in your love affairs? If
sick, will you be cured? If past troubles
will torment you? If you are lucky in specu-
lations? Do you Wish information you right
to bare concerning your future? Does an-
other share the love and attention that should
belong to you?
Guarantees Success In All Cases.
Call and be convinced.
PROFESSOR VAL.
NO. 1130 MARKET ST.— NO. 1330.
MRS. DR. CLARK,
the well-known trance medium and clair-
voyant, may 1"* consulted on all affairs of
life. While entranced she will i -yea! every
hidden mystery; sue will show ycu how to
overcome your enemies; remove family trou-
bles* restora lost affections: unites the sep-
arated: recovers lost, stolen or buried prop-
er.- locates treasures and minerals; tells
your' entire life, past, present and future,
while In a perfect trance; perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail; send stamp for circular
■with especial terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK,
3C23 1 . Market st., near Sixth. Always consult
the beat !
• MME. LANGE, the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future; never fails; has the greatest
Egyptian secret; shows picture of future hus-
band or wife; fee. 25c and up; satisfaction to
| everybody; lucky numbers. 910 Howard, nr.Sth^
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader: born with double veil and second
sight; diagnoses disease: full life readings;
ladies, 50c; gents. $1; sittings. $1 tf-. "126 Turk.
MME HANSON, card reader and. palmist; past.
present and future. 25c. 148 Sixth st., room 12.
MISS a E. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 28 Sixth st.. rooms 2-3.
A V ED— Prof. Haley; tells your life from
cradle to grave. 50c, $1 up. 106 Taylor, par.3-5.
MMF MOREAU the best medium and card
reader; 25,- up. ' 73 Fourth .St.. near Mission.
RESPONSIBLE card reader tells your future by
cards; satisfaction guar.; 25c. 1322 Mission.
MME. AUGUST, 1149 Mission St., clairvoyant,
card reader an.l palmist: truth or no pay; 25c.
CONSULT on matters of business, health and
happiness LAJHI. the Psychic. 120 A Eddy st.
MME RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c, ladles. 914 O'Farreil st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
i less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st
COTTAGES TO LET.
! ALMOST new cottage, 4 rooms, newly pa-
pered. 3272 Folsom st.; rent $11; key next
door. ____________________
DENTISTS.
a" NEW ANAESTHIirriC FOR PAINLESS
DENTISTRY. SYNOL
Removes the pain, an application to the
gums and th-? nerves sleep, you remain wide
awake; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings. 50c: crowns, $3 50; plates,
full set, $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
A— DR T. S. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors. 927
Market st, over Cafe Zflnkand; teeth extract-
ed or filled without pain; electricity, gas or
chloroform administered: the best and most
artistic work at reasonable prices; pure gold
filling, from $1: other fillings, from 50c:
plates, from 54 50: flesh colored plates, from
$.",- porcelain or gold crown and bridge work
(per tooth), from $3. We guarantee our work.
i Open evenings and Sundays.
I AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL clinic, 809 Mar-
ket st.. tor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up: of-
floe hours, 9a. m. to 10 p. m. Sundays. 9to 2
I p. m. «*,. W. WILLIAMSON, M. P.. Manager.
! DP GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 o"Farrell St.. ex-
' tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges, $4;
I rubber or. flexible plates, $3; received *" first
| prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
laity; all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 1" years: lowest prices; 10
operators; no students 997 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, IS4I Polk st.
MEYER. 8 Turk: Deutscher Z"ahnarzt: crown
and bridge work: open Sundays, 9 to 12 m.
i OHIO Dental Parlors— Fillings, 6oc up; crowns,
$3 up: open evenings. S5O Market st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
1 LATEST patterns just arrived from New York
at the McDowell Dressmaking School, 103
; ___ st '
EDUCATIONAL
M MARK HOPKINS INSTITUTE OF AR_T~~
SCHOOL OF DESIGN.
This school will reopen on Monday, August
7th; drawing, painting and modeling from
i life; still life or antique; half-days, $7 pei
month; whole days, $10 per month, or $37 5*
per term of 4*_ months; night classes Mon-
days. Wednesdays and Fridays; antique $'
and life $5 per month. For further particulars
apply to the Mark Hopkins Institute of'Arl
or at the school building, corner of Pine and
Mason streets. J. R. MARTIN, Secretary.
'-, "EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 Larkin St., opp. City Hall.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 9, 1899.
EDUCATIONAL.
Hl-ALD-^Business College 24 Post st, San I
Francisco-Bookkeeping, business practice.
shorthand, typing, languages, telegraphy, ;
English branches, civil and mining engineer-
ing? assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy,
surveying etc. : electrical engineering-theory
-ractlce -design, construction, mechanical '
drawing- 27, teachers; individual Instruction;
200 graduates annually placed in positions; !
students can enter for any course any time,
no entrance examinations; new 80-page cata-
log free. . J
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school ,
for the universities, law and medical col-
le_es teachers' examinations, etc.: special
courses in all English branches languages, -
mathematics, sciences, etc.; evening classes:
references. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor. Phelan building.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market short-
hand, typewriting, bookkeeping writing. Eng- -
lish 'telegraphy, under qualified teacher; low
rate's; life scholarship. $50; catalogue.
A-HOPF*S Singing, Piano School; summer ,
rates, *.: French, Spanish daily. Merc. Li-
brary, £30 Golden Gate, r. 5-6-.; hours, 2to a. ,
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing. mech. survey, assay, archi.: day and e\e.,
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
A LADY teaches piano, mandolin thoroughly;
Mc an hour; excellent pianist andaccompan st
for entertainments and vocalists. 1209 Octavla.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system: sunny rooms; low •*___«*,' day.
even. San Francisco Bus. .College. 1236 Markt.
M G BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal), instructs
in shorthand; pupils by mall. 302 Montgomery.
QUALIFIED and experienced teacher can ac-
commodate a few more pupils. Box 1157. Call.
ENGLISH literature, classes or rlvt * ; „ special
Shakespeare classes. Mrs. Ehrman. 1234 Bush.
PIANO and German: pupil of conservatory in
Leipsic; lessons. 75c. 320 Golden Gate aye.
LAW Schools. 927 Market, S. F., and 905 Broad-
way. Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary st. : tel. Grant M.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED Female.
GERMAN woman wishes work by the da-*:
all kinds of work. Address or tel. MK-.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
YOUNG colored woman; flrst-class cook and
houseworker; city or country. MRS. NOR-
TON. 7,13 Sutter St.
NEAT second girl: good washer; 8 years last
place. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter St.
NEAT- young woman with a child desires situa-
tion as housekeeper or assist In housework.
MISS D. CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Infant's nurse desires situation;
best of local references; city or country. MISS
D. CULLEN. 826 Sutter at.
COMPETENT woman with a child wants posi-
tion In the country; good cook and house-
worker. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter St.
NEAT young girl desires situation as nurseglrl
or assist housework; $10 to $15. MISS H.
CPEEINAN. 323 Sutter st, ; phone Main 651.
FRENCH cook (American born), best of refer-
ences, thoroughly understands all kinds of
cocking, wishes situation. Apply to J. F. i
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS housekeeper will go by the day
or week; Is a fine laundress: can do any kind
Of work; Is strong and willing; would engage
now; $1 and car fare. Please call 276 Jessie
st., downstairs, first floor, room 1.
WOMAN wants place to cook for men where
parties won't object to child 7 years old; has
cooked for small and large crew in mines and
camps. Address MRS. H. HARRISON, 10*'U
Howard St.
COMPETENT person wants a place as cook;
willing to assist with housework or wash or
general work In small family. Apply 601
Franklin st.. near McAllister. 1
WOMAN wants work by the day; good laun-
dress; $1 per day and carfare. 637 C Minna
St., near Eighth.
LADY would like position as housekeeper to
i elderly gentleman or take care of Invalid
lady. Address box 1200, Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted by a competent working
housekeeper; is a good plain cook; small
wash; city or country. 206 Fifth St.
SITUATION wanted to do chamberwork In
hotel or boarding house; city or country. Ad-
dress 411 Third St.
YOUNG Eastern girl desires a position ln gen-
eral work and cooking; city or Oakland;
wages $20. Call at 221 Hickory ave^
YOUNG lady would like a position as type-
writer or office work. Room 29, second floor,
906 Market st. ;
i YOUNG woman wishes housework in small
family; kind to children. Please call 41 Madi-
; son aye, off Harrison st., bet. sth and 6th.
LADIES' tailor and dressmaker -.-.ill take more
engagement** by the day: terms $2 50. 804>_
I Turk St.; bicycle suits also.
COMPETENT German cook wishes situation:
city or country; wages $25 to $30. Address
316 Golden Gate aye.
SWEDISH girl wishes situation to do general;
housework. Address 217 A Francisco st.
COMPETENT woman wishes position as cook;
good baker. Call 167,0 Post st.
WANTED— Position as housekeeper In hotel
or private house by woman with child nine
years old, city or country. Address MRS. E. ;
W., 2038 Pacific aye.. Alameda. Cal.
A CULT! RED lady with Eastern certificate j
would like to instruct ladies whose education
has been neglected. Address J. E., care of j
Sherman. Clay & Co.. cor. Kearny and Sutter j
YOUNG woman wishes position as housekeep- |
er for elderly couple or widower with small
family, or will do chamber work. Address
3355 Twenty-second St. ■■
YOUNG woman wishes a situation in the
1 country In good family. 1263 Broadway, near
Hyde at.
YOUNG girl wishes any kind of work during
the day. Please call 17 Fourth St., room 14.
COMPETENT German woman cook wishes a
position in hotel, city or country. 41 Third st.
! LADY wishes work by day; washing and
cleaning. 452 Jessie St. >
PLAIN sewing and, mending for 1 week only.
11 Taylor St., room 1.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night; $150 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED Hale.
' CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414._ O'Farreil St.; tel. East 426.
I YOUNG man with some experience In pictorial :
painting and drawing wants situation to j
learn decorating and graining. Address E.
O. N., 410 Kearny st., room 10.
COOK— AII-round plain meat and pastry cook
and bread baker is open for Job. Cook, 2T*_
Fourth st., room 7.
FIRST-CLASS Japanese waiter wants situa-
tion in family. Address box 1079. Call office.
ENGINEER and machinist, 32 years of age;
stationary or traction engine, plpefltting,
etc.: will go anywhere; references. Box 1151,
Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man, handy with tools, wants
' light work: small wages expected; best of
references. Address 11. W., 10 Anthony st.
WANTED Window or house cleaning; wall
paper cleaned or other work. H. ANDERSEN, !
952 Rush st. Telephone East 963.
PRINTERS— Up-to-date foreman (now In j
charge) will make change if Arm ls enter- 1
prising and hard work appreciated; can take j
entire charge of Inside; competent, sober, re-
liable. Address "FOREMAN," box 1158, Call.
EXCHANGE.
50 HOUSES and lots, from $300 to $20,000 j
30 in Oakland, Alameda. Berkeley; $50 to 60,000
44 ranches, from 2 to 2000 acres; $60 to.. 10.000
45 hotels, rooming, boarding houses: $200 6.000
74 stores, saloon, business places; $100 to. 4.000
2 stores anu 6-room flat ln Los Angeles. 2.500
-I 40 acres of land for rooming house 600
' j HENRY C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.
________ OPTICIAN'S. ~
: ■ HIGHEST U. 6. army, navy and Government
' officials are using Mayerle's glasses. GEO.
MAYERLE, German Expert Optician, char-
ter member American Association of Opti-
cians, 1071*4 Market St.. San Francisco, Cal.:
glasses fitted by mall.
FLATS TO LET.
■ A SUNNY corner lower flat; 6 rooms and bath.
, 11 Fillmore st. *
i CORNER bay-window flat, 7 rooms, bath, gas;
cottage of 6 rooms. 1876 15th st., nr. Dolores.
; FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
1 list you get from BALDWIN _ HOWELL.
, 10 Montgomery st. :
FLAT. 5 rooms and bath. 1523 Leavenworth
St.. bet. Pacific and Jackson; rent $14.
FULTON. Good lower flat, 6 rooms, bath;
' near City Hall; $16.
1 LOWER bay-window flat, 4 large rooms; bath;
* yard 714 Franklin st. '
- MISSION, 544. 546— Sunny side; first floor; 8
I rooms; all in good order.
t MODERN window flat of 4 rooms and
I bath; rent $15. 245 Ninth st. -'■' v :■;::
PAGE, ISI hear Market— rooms, laundry,
bath and basement good for shop; $18.
BALDWIN _ HOWELL. :;i
FLATS TO LET.
SEVENTH, 122— Sunny flat of 1 rooms and
bath; $25; water free. __________
VALLEJO. 1123— Flat, 4 rooms, yard, $9: 1127
Broadway.up.flat, 5 rooms, bath. sl6; reduced.
$14— SUNNY lower flat 4 rooms, bath and yard.
12 Shotwell st., near Fourteenth.
FURNISHED HOUSES FOR SALE.
NEATLY furnished house 9 rooms, on Pine St.,
near Powell; price $550. Box 1031, Call office.
FUIINITLKx- FOH SALE.
PERSIAN range, $7; bureau and washstand
and other furniture cheap. 727 Franklin St.
NICE oak bedroom set nearly new; also car-
pet cheap. Box 1624, Call offlce.
TAPESTRY. Brussels carpets, laid and lined,
60c. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310 Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50," with .no.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
HELP AVANTElJw_Femalej|
cT^HANSE_~_~CO . . . . PHONE GRANT IS3
Head waitress, city, $25; 6 waitresses, city,
$20; 3 chambermaids to wait. $20; waitresses
for Heaidsburg, Stockton, Woodland and many
other country places, $20; women cooks, $_
$30 ••
FAMILY ORDERS ••••■•••••-.■••
Cook and laundress, 2 In family, $25 to $_*,
second girl, came place, $20, see lady here....
second girl, country, $20, fare paid; second
girl. Berkeley, $20, and many cooks _™
housegirls, city, $15 to $30. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st. ,
FANCY Ironer for extra flrst-class hotel c* 1 J 0
day and free fare both ways. C. R. HAN-
SEN <- CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Cook on a farm, no wash. $20; cook,
plain wash, San Rafael, $30: 10 German,
French, Scandinavian and Irish second girls
and nurses. $20 and $25; German or English
nursery governess, $25; girl cook, wash ana
Iron, 2 In family, $25, for country: 12 wait-
resses for city and country hotels, restau-
rants and private boading houses, $6 a week,
$20 and $2a; pantrygirl. $25; French girl,
housework, no washing, $20; 500 girls for
general housework ln the city. $15, $-0 and
$25. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 31.
Sutter st,
NEAT - young girl to assist. $10 to $15 per
month. MISS D. CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
10 SECOND girls, $25, $20 and $15; parlor maid
and waitress, $20, countrj'; waitress and laun-
dress. $20. private family: 2 French second
girls. $20 each. MISS D. GULDEN, 32. but-
ter st. ,
NURSE, country. $20 to $25; 6 nurses, city, $20
to $15 and $10; German nurse, city 1 child.
$25, must travel. MISS D. CULLEN. 823
Sutter st. ' ,
TWO waitresses and chambermaids. $20 and
$15; 3 waitresses. $20 and $25. MISS D. CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN cook. $30: cook, springs, $23; house-
work. Alameda. $20; Sausallto, $20: Mill Val-
ley. $25; Oakland, $20; Belvedere, $20. and sev-
eral other towns; a number of housework
girls, city, $25, $20 and $15. MISS H. CULLI-
NAN. 323 Sutter st. ; phone Main 651.
COOK, Menlo Park. $30; second girl. $20; 2
cooks, city, $25 each; house girl, Berkeley,
$25; Oakland, $25: ranch cook. $25; house girl,
$25; 3 second girls. $20 and $15; 8 young girls
to assist. $12 and $13; 25 house girls, $20 and
$25; laundress, $25. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sut-
ter st. 'tf.itf _
WANTED— Bright girl or young woman to as-
sist in housework and with children: wages
I $12. Apply at 264 Crescent aye., opp. 33d st.
AGENT wants girl to pack label samples Tues-
day and Friday evenings, S to 10. Box 1326,
Call Office^ ■
WANTED — First-class pants finisher. 410
Kearny St., room 20. second floor.
WANTED— GirI for general housework; four ln
family; wages $15. 2806 Mission st.
WANTED— GirI to wait at table. 623 Fourth
stre»_. '.
FEMALE model for sculptor. TILDEN, cor-
ner Fourteenth and Jessie sts.
I NEAT girl to do general housework; no chil-
dren; $15. Twenty-sixth and Sanchez sts.
WANTED— GirI for housework; no washing;
$10 per month. 153 Octavla st.
FIRST-CLASS maker for millinery. AARON,
211 Sutter st.
GIRL for general housework and cooking;
small washing; wages $20. 1809 Sutter St.
GIRL for housework and cooking; ; short dis-
tance in country. 617 Steiner St.. near Hayes.
WANTED— German girl to take care of two
children and assist in upstairs work. 26 Turk.
OPERATORS,, finisher* and apprentices wanted
on custom coats. 40 Ellis St., room 54.
WANTED— TaiIor or talloress. Apply PHIL-
LIPS, 241 Webster St. ■
GIRL; general housework: small family. 608
Hyde st; German preferred; call forenoons.
EXPERIENCED finishers on ladles' cloaks and
suits. E. HOROVITZ, 751 Market st, 2d floor.
IN tailor shop, girl for repair work. 350
Third st.
FAT ladles wanted at the Chutes. Apply to
manager, Haight street.
WANTED— and girls to pack fruit; we
pay 10c per 2S-lt». box for pitting and peeling
peaches: same price for peeling and coring
pears; working day and evening; return fare
paid at end of season; come Immediately. Los
Gatos Canneries. Los Gatos, Cal.
j
j =
' WOMEN and girls— Apply immediately. Cali-
fornia Canneries Co.. Ltd.. Brannan st., bet.
Third and Fourth.
EXPERIENCED canners wanted. Apply Im-
mediately California Canneries Co., Ltd.,
Brannan st., between Third and Fourth.
WANTED— 2OO WOMEN AND GIRLS to work
on fruit at Fontana & Co.'s Cannery, corner
Francisco and Taylor sts.
EXPERIENCED canners; steady work. Code-
Port wood Canning Co.. Tenth and Bryant.
200 MORE sewing machine operators will find
work in LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S Overall
Factory, 32 1 . Fremont St.
i OPERATORS on shirts; a few apprentices
taken. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 36_ Fremont
St.; take elevator.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit;
steady employment. CODE - PORTWOOD
CANNING CO., Tenth and Bryant sts.
LADIES wanted everywhere to distribute sam-
ples and advertise California Orange Syrup;
$2 per day and expenses paid; cash every
week. Particulars for 2-cent stamp. Cali-
fornia Orange Syrup Co., San Francisco, Cal.
LADY not over 40 years as housekeeper in
Berkeley for 3 adults: wages $10; German pre-
ferred. Apply box 1102. Call offlce.
WANTED— A middle-aged woman for house-
work and take care of children. 327 Clem-
entina st. 1
FIRST-CLASS talloress wanted on fine custom
coats. 533 Natoma st.
: GOOD talloress wanted on custom coats. 186
Shipley st.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit at
376 San Jose aye. ■
A GOOD hairdresser wanted; one who venti-
lates preferred; good salary. 240 Stockton st.
~* HELP - WANTED-- Male.
! c7~S~HANSEn"& PHONE GRANT 183.
EMPLOYMENT- AGENTS.
Free fare and fee for teamsters, laborer"- |
and tunnelmen. $1 75 to $2 75, for the Coast i
and Valley railroads: 5 stonemasons, $3 50; i
16 masons' helpers, $2 to $2 50.
Sawyer for planing mill, city; planer hand,
country, $1 75; budders. $1 50 a day; farmers.
$1 50; woodsmen, $1 90 to $2 75 a day; see boss ,
here.
Broiler, $60; night cook, $50; third cook. $40;
butcher, $40; assistant cook. $35; baker, hotel.
$35: kitchen hands, $15 to $30.
Walter, country hotel, $30; city hotel. $30:
city hotel, $35; country restaurant, $35 and
room. : - . ; .
Pantryman, restaurant, $30. hotel, $20.
Porter. $30; neat bell boy, $16.
Barkeeper, $35 and found. j
Extra Ironer, country hotel, $1 50 a day and
I found and free fare both ways; extra marker
and distributor, country hotel, $2 a day and
found and free' fare both ways. C. S. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED
4 miners *3 per day
2 laborers for mine $2 2a per day
4 rough carpenters for mine, $2 per day;
swampers, woodchoppers, crosscut sawyers,
Jackscrewers and laborers for large lumber
company, $26 to $35 per month and board and
fare advanced
6 milkers, see boss here $30
20 farm hands $1 per day
fruit pickers '
ALSO
cook, country boarding-house, $50; waiter for
restaurant in city. $30; dishwashers and
others. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
WANTED— who ls willing to canvass
for Job work; will divide profits. F. M.
PHELAN, 1512 Central aye. .... _.- ',
HELP WASTED Male.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 584S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
want to-day 6295 men and boys, $9o to $15 and
found; 548 woodchoppers. tools and food
found, fare paid; 693 tlemakers, tools and
food found, fare paid
$2 50, $2, $150, $1 cord 12c, 10c each
$3 50 day STRONG MEN TO BALE
HAY $350 day
HAYING DAIRIES FARMS
HARVESTING
54 men to work in hay and harvest fields, all
kinds of men wanted, $2 50, $2, $1 50 day and
found
32 milkers $30, $23 and found
96 farm, orchard and vlnej*ard hands, $35, $30,
$26, $20 and found
BIG WAGES
199 men as laborers and teamsters for all
parts of California, $3, $2 50, $2, $175 day
20 laborers (no experience wanted) $75
WE WANT HELP FOR OTHER STATES
AND COUNTRIES
FOR ARIZONA... OREGON.. .WASHINGTON
BRITISH COLUMBIA HAWAIIAN
ISLANDS. ...ETC., $6, $5, $4, $3 DAY; GOOD
STEADY JOBS; COME AND SEE
ENGINEERS, CARPENTERS
BLACKSMITHS
2 carpenters for a ranch.. s2 60' day and found
Engineer, hoisting plant, steady J0b.... 53 day
19 blacksmiths, horseshoers. helpers, etc., $3,
$2 50, $2 day. $60, $50. $45, $40, $30 and found..
PLANING MILL HELP.. WAGON MAKERS
Mill benchhand. $2 75 day sawyer, $3 day
Sash and door maker, going wages
2 wagon makers, $78; stone masons, $3 50 day
HELP FOR STREETCAR COMPANIES....
PAINTERS. MACHINIST
Carriage painter, $40 and found
machinist, $3 day
NO EXPERIENCE, WANTED AS DECK-
HANDS
6 deckhands, boss at our of flee.. $45 and found
PRIVATE RESIDENCES
6 gardeners; 3 coachmen '
$30, $25 and $20 and found
$3 -DRILLERS AND
HAMMERSMEN— S3 DAY
CHOKE MEN AND BOYS 32
men and boys to do chores on farms, learn
trades, work in factories, bakeries, stores,
stables, etc., $30, $26, $25, $20, $15, $10 and
found, come and see
IN SAN FRANCISCO
Can washers for dairies, milkers
$30 and found
6 stablemen, city and country Jobs
$40, $35. $30, $25 and found
6 laborers, board j*ourselves homes $2 day
54 laborers and teamsters, $40, $30, $26 and
found
12 laborers for factories and manufacturing
companies
MILK WAGON DRIVERS
CABINET MAKERS
MARRIED
3 cooks and wives
choreman and wife for mines
8 farmers and wives gardener and wife
4 milkers and wives
wages $50, $40. $35. $30 and found
MURRAY & READY, CS4 and 636 Clay at.
WE PAY~YOUR FARE.... WE SHIP TO-DAY
To 38 sawmills and woods in California
93 men (no experience required), you will
suit to pile lumber, wheel sawdust, learn to
run machines, work in woods, build roads,
etc., wages $26 to $40 per month and found;
also tallymen. $60; setters for sawmill, $65;
crosscut sawyers: timber fellers; head don-
key men; Jackscrewers; spool tenders and 55
other positions. $95, $SO, $70, $65, $50, $45, $35,
$30 and found
WE PAY MURRAY _ READY,
YOUR PARKS 634 and 636 Clay *t.
$30. FRUIT— WILL YOT* PICK FRUIT? $30.
45 men or boys (anybody will suit, you will)
to pick fruit, work In packing and drying
houses, 90 days' work. $30 per month and
board, sleeping quarters.
FRUIT PICKING MURRAY & READY
ANYBODY' WILL SUIT 634-636 '"lav st.
GOLD MINES SILVER MINES.
OTHER MINES.
93 laborers (no experience required, anybody
will suit, you will), $57 per month, with board
and lodging; fares from $1 40.
3 MINERS, $2 and found.
15 quarry men. $42 and found. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay st.
.......... WE SHIP YOU FREE TO
OLD RAILROADS NEW RAILROADS
.. ALL THE RAILROADS BUT ONE
(THAT ONE WE DON'T SEND TO IS
COAST RAILROAD); DRILLERS, HEAD-
ERMEN. SPIKERS. SECTION HANDS.
MUCKERS. LABORERS. TEAMSTERS.
ETC.: WAGES from $3 DAY. WE SHIP
YOU FREE ••••- ,-
BOARD AND LODGING 0NLY.... 54 50 week
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
HOTEL" DEPARTMENT BAKERS
29. c00k5.... $-"..". $50. $45, $40. $35. $30, $2.". found
4> dishwashers $30, $25, $20, $15 found
32 waiters $35. $30. $25, $20 found
6 first hands. 3 second, 4 third hands. 5 boys
to help in German bakeries. $45, $35, $30, $25,
$20 $I.*, per month and found; come and see.
....; LAUNDRYMEN
9 laundrvmen, $35. $30, $25 and found.
PORTERS. JANITORS, SHOEMAKERS.
PANTRYMEN. ELEVATOR BOYS, BOYS
TO EARN WAITING. ETC.
MURRAY & .READY. 634-636 Clay st,
WAITER, $25; pantryman. $20. HOTEL GA-
ZETTE. 26 Montgomery st., room 12.
WANTED young man with some experience
in shipping and commission business: must
he quick and accurate at figures, with a gen-
eral knowledge of bookkeeping; splendid op-
portunity for an energetic and enterprising
young man to advance upon his merits. Ad-
dress stating experience and salary ex-
ted, with references, box 1623, Call offlce.
WANTED— An active young man to take half
interest in a nice new little water power saw
nnd shake mill: ready sale for all product;
satisfaction guaranteed: $230 cash and $150 In
mill product. Address Miller, box 72, Uklah.
Cal.
GOOD bedmaker and porter wanted for lodging
house In country town; wages $15 first month
and $20 following month. Address box 1325,
Call oflice.
ALL around country blacksmith, good horse-
shoer, $2 50 a day and Increase lf suitable;
Steady Job all year around. Inquire at SE.
cor. Clay and Drumm sts.
WANTED— and sheetlron workers: bring
hand tools. TAYLOR, ADAMS & PRITCH-
ARD. 12 and 14 Market st.
WANTED— stationer's clerk; must
control trade of his own. Address box 1324,
Call office.
WANTED— Young man to assist Jobbing gar-
dener; room and board; $12 month to start.
410 Maple st.
TAILOR wanted: steady Job. W. H.
WALKER. Bakersfleld.
WAITER wanted. Corner Howard and Beale
sts.; call early.
WANTED— Young man retail fancy dry* goods
salesman. Address O. H.. box 1118. Call.
WANTED Young man experienced ln book-
keeping. Box 10S3. Call office. •
BOY wanted to deliver orders. 1218 Polk st.
FIREMEN for transport steamer for Manila at
HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
BOY' wanted to learn trade. FINK &
SCHINDLER, 1309 Market st.
STRONG boy to help In bakery. 2222 Bush st.
TAILORS, operators, pressers wanted on cus-
tom coats. 40 Ellis St., room 64.
BARBER wanted: must be good. 12 Fifth st.
WANTED— Experienced young butcher. Call
between 5 and 6 p. m. 1903 Mission, cor. 16th.
WANTED— A bootblack ln barber shop. 202
Fourth st.
BOYS from 12 to 16 years old. Apply at Glass
Works, corner of Seventh and Townsend sts.
WANTED— Dishwasher with experience. Ap-
ply 532 Third st.
GOOD baster on custom coats. 120 Sutter St.,
room 75.
A GOOD lunch waiter wanted at 517 Montgom-
ery st.
A GOOD short-order cook wanted at 907 Kear-
ny st.
SMART men to canvass and collect; good open-
ing; splendid inducements; good income as-
sured; 9 to 12 a. m. M. Brown, 511 Montg'y.
BARBER wanted; steady work; $10 week. 2
Eighth st.
• TWO barbers wanted; Bteady work. 797 Mission
street.
WANTED man, German, as lunch-
man. 1053 Market st.
I WANTED— IO men for service ln securing elec-
tion returns; parties who were engaged in
last election preferred. Applicants please re-
port to city editor The Call, 217 Stevenson st.,
at 12:30 p. m. Monday, August 7, 1899.
600 MEN— to-day; get a pair of shoes, some
nearly new, from SOc to $1 50; new shoes,
.lightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission St.,
bet. Ist and 2d sts.: open 6 a. m. to 9 p. m.
TAKE care of your shoes or they will not take
care of you; half-soled while waiting, 35c to
DOc. 662 Mission st, between Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— 2 tailors to work on military
cloths. Inquire A, Light Battery C, stable
guard, Presidio.
WANTED— One hundred and fifty men on grad-
in for railroad bet. Truckee and Lake Ta-
hoe; wages $2. TRUCKEE & LAKE TAHOE
TRANSPORTATION CO. Apply at Truckee.
MEN to learn barber trade; $15 weekly made
after 8 weeks' practice; only Institution teach-
ing the tonsorial art; call or write for free
illustrated catalogue. MOLER'S BARBER
COLLEGE, 635 Clay St., near Kearny.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 154 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
SAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe,
Hawaiian Islands, Manila, Alaska, New York.
W. LANE, Shipping Agent, 504-508 Davis st.
HELP IV ANTED Male.
WANTED— about place, $25: dairyman and
wife, $40; engineer and machinist for mine
$2 75 a day; quartz miners, $2 50 a day; rancn
blacksmith, $33 and board; woodchoppers, $1 <o
cord; creamery and butter maker, $35 and
found: American farmer and vineyard man.
$25 to $30; blacksmith's helper, $1 oO day ana
board; boy for winery. $15 and found; labor-
ers for mines and quarries. $1 7» to $2 60 day,
and others. J. F. CROSETT. 628 Sacramento.
WANTED— 2 waiters, country hotel, $30; cook,
country restaurant, $35; 2 waiters, country
restaurant, $35: dishwasher *Ss_ restaurant
porter $7; saloon porter, $20. and others. J.
F. CROSETT, 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED-30 hopplckera _*cg«r_ hundred:
short distance. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628
Sacramento st. _______——————-—-———
WANTED-6 fence builders. $2 to $2 50 day.
free fare: 5 teamsters. $1 75 and $2 day, 2 car-
riage painters, $2 50 day. and others. J. * .
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento __.
WANTED-Ox teamster. $90; lumber fallers.
$2 7*- dnv sawyers $2 50 day hook tenders
$2 85 day;' baker. $2 day; laborers about mill
and woods, $1 75 to $2 25 day; board $4 .0. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED-Te_n_ters to drive scrapers; wages
$175 and $2: board. $4 50 per week. Apply _■-
B. STONE'S camp, near San Pablo station,
on Valley Road. .
2 FIRST-CLASS coppersmiths. Apply at once,
513 Fourth st., Oakland.
GENT'S fine calf shoes to order $2 50 "?= » ole **
ing. 30c up: heeling, 15c up. 923 Ho*-ar- st.
BARBERS* Progressive Union; free I°s'm't.1 °5'-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: teL Jessie 1«-
TRY our meals; best ln city. 406 McAllis-
ter st. , , .
MEN can learn barber trade for $5 **-»**-*S__
ket st.; free shaving in students' department.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c, 15c and 25c
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard: read, rm.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 138*. Eighth st.
PENSIONS-J. H. SHEPARD & CO. .att or-
neys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
SINGLE rooms. 15c. 20c. 25c per night; 73c. $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House, 863*. Market ft.
TRY Acme House. 937 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room ; 25c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse 7 irket.
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers^
ALWAYS on hand; well broken road, business
and work horses. Chase & Mendenhall suc-
cessors Killip _- Co.. salesyard. 1732 Market.
WANTED Horse, harness and buggy*, ex-.
change for new upright piano. BYRON '
MAUZY. 30S Post st.
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL-
7JIEL. veterinary dentist. 605 Golden Gate.
HOUSES LODGING For Sale.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 MARKET. OPP. FIFTH.
17-room house, new furniture $850
12-room house, large yard; downtown.... 400
18 rooms; clears $100; only 3'")
12 rooms: exchange for large house 600
* 54-room house; clears $300 1600
$400— 10-ROOM house on Taylor St.: $200 cash,
balance easy pa.vm'ts. DECKER, 1020 Market.
54-ROOM house (corner) for sale at a bargain:
see It. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
A-KREDO & CO 22^ GEARY ST.
MONEY TO LOAN. LOANS NEGOTIATED.
$125— 4-room flat; worth $250; rent $15.
6-room flat. Van Ness; rent $20.
$2500—60 rooms, Third St., corner; a bargain.
$6000- lor. rooms, new, elevator: clears $300 mo.
$1400—36 rooms. Market; half cash.
$700—27 ROOMS; all rented; Market St.; cen-
tral: $400 cash; bal. time. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
PARTIES •wishing to sell lodging-houses see
BASILE, 3 Eddy St.; new buyers daily.
$300 SNAP— house; all rented; near
Market St.; rent $40 month. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
R. H. WINSTON & Co., 1026 MARKET ST. !
14 rooms; forced to sell; new; Gear* 7 st.
15 rooms. Geary and Taylor, only $530
32 rooms, Al location 1150
2 40-room houses, new; one-half cash 2000
MONEY TO LOAN 2 PCT. ON FURNITURE.
21 ROOMS; must be sold; make offer. Room
2. 1007*_ Market St., near Sixth.
32 ROOMS; '._ block Market; $100 rent; very
profitable, fnqulre 2."2 O'Farreil St.
HOUSES TO LET.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market St.
HOUSES. , COTTAGES.
1116 Guerrero; 10 r. 533 2677 Mission; 5 r $20
4046 2."th; 10 r 35] (25 Valencia; 6 r.... 20
756 Folsom; 7 r 21 j 1241 Sanchez; 5 r 13
I__B_ Treat aye.; 6 315 Jersey: 5 r 13
r 20 135 Colllngwood: 4 r 12
3514 26th; 6 r 16 4220 26th; 5 r 12
233 Duncan; 6 r 151
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you. get from BALDWIN _ HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
LORIN— For rent, house 7 rooms; all modern
improvements; yard and stable. Apply 915
Page st.
NEW house of 8 rooms; all modern; unfurn. or
partly furn. to suit. 2533 Mission, near 22d.
TO LET-- house; 4 rooms. 1310*_ Larkin
street.
TWO fine houses ln splendid condition, 335« and
3392 Twenty-first st., cor. Guerrero; 7 and 12
rooms.
LOST AND KOL.M).
LOST— English setter dog; white and black
markings; liberal reward for return or in-
formation. DR. PROSEK, 715 Golden Gate.
BROWN pointer pup: liberal reward; address
on collar. T. J. WEISS. 1013 Mason st.
LOST— On road from Alameda to creek boat. 1
tan satchel. Return to H. MULLER. Bay and
Snnta Clara sts.. Alameda: liberal reward.
MEDICAL.
A TREATMENT that never fails to restore
Instantly all cases of monthly Irregularities,
from whatever cause; guaranteed cure at of-
fice, $5 positively; no Instruments used; safe
and sure; cure at any time when others fall;
absolute success and safety guaranteed; trav-
elers helped at once: can return home same ;
day; save time and expense by consulting
first the only reliable ladies' physician of
long and sue. essful practice; confidential ad-
vice free. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St.,
bet. Mason and Taylor. Office hours 9 a. m.
to 5 p. m. : Sundays 9 to 4. •":';'
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state
their case before going elsewhere: they will
find ln her a true friend; a home for patients
with every comfort, convenience of a hospi-
tal and privacy of a home; consultation free
and confidential: home treatment. $5; no in-
struments used; satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded by MRS. DR. GWYER. 510
Eddy st., bet. Hyde and Larkin; office hours,
10 to 12, 2 to 4 and 7 to 8. Sundays by ap-
pointment only. --:.'"
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause); safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
same day; no Instruments 1 .ed: cure at of-
fice. $5; home In confinement; skillful medical
attention; all can save time and expense by
consulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post St.. bet.
Hyde and Larkin: hours. 10 to 5 and 7 to 8 j
p. m.; Sundays. 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
ALL ladies— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies.
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
ri years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided: kind sympthy and aid: sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, .privacy, home,
etc., bal es adopted: travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent: call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 1228 Market st..
pills. $1; very strong, $2.
IMPORTANT— A great j *„-ress in medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause: every woman her own physician; no
matter how long standing; travelers helped
at once: safe; call on a physician with men's
knowledge; cure. $5: restores In one day and
prevents disgrace; can be sent; consultation
free; ladies' physician, practice 37 years.
DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregular-
ities, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell
has treated successfully more cases of Irreg-
ularities than any other physician; ■ never
falls to cure; consult him first, save time and
money; treatment can be used at home; con-
sultation free; call or write. 1023*4 Market st.
DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor; Chinese tea
and herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay St., San
Francisco: all diseases cured exclusively by
Chinese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used;
advice free; hours, 9:30 to 11 a m., 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 d. m.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50:
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
ALL female complaints cured In 24 hours: well
known, reliable, safe, sure; maternity home;
no Instruments : consultation free, confidential ;
home treatment. $5. MRS. ALLEN.22B Van Ness.
A— DR. AND MRS. SILVA, 215*. Mason st,—
Private home in confinement; ladles' friend
In trouble: terms reas. : call and be convinced.
PRIVATE home In confinement, by -German
midwife: Infants adopted Into good homes;
rm. for Invalid. 521 Eddy; phone Hyde 2553.
DR. and Mrs. Wise, 1118 Market St.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back ,$5 up.
MEDICAL. _______
mTvßJ^aT^iv^g^^^; ****__£_
efficient emmenagogue; $1 per box _"<-"
ARDS & CO.. druggists. 406 Clay, sole agents.
_ _ private home In confinement at the most
reasonable price In the city; Infants adopted.
MRS. M. *P~~***'TFFER_ ; midwife. 2012 Folsom.
:"-"_ — MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
D ave •Private home in confinement; babl_2
adopted Into good homes. __
■^j____*^£^-ar-f----^-
-__-f°.??».*-t_.r^^&'~^'-''-'''"'
MINES AND MIWINQ. -
CENTRAL Eureka mining stock wanted by R.
L. CHENEY. 530 California st.
MISCELLANEt^-S^-F-or^ile^^^
BOILERsT^e^M. 2d-hand machinery.
INTOSH £^•OLPMAI_J_____ Fremont st.
BARS back"" mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters linoleum office furniture, store and of-
fi" furniture "and fixtures,; new and^ second-
hand. J. NOONAN. -1019-1021-10-3 Mis-
sion st., above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases shelving mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged- 10*>3 Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS 5-foot Montague range. Baker
sand oven; also Eureka No. Si ?ove with high
shelf, for sale cheap. Apply GRAHAM &
LOANE, 439 Fifth st.
A NEAT pair of genuine diamond screws for
$15 ; worth twice the money. UNCL- «a«-
RIS. 15 Grant aye.
NEW (Acme) 3-plate amalgamating concen-
trator cheap. PROSPECT CAMP, O. an
Reach. . '- '*
FOR SALE— Engineers' transit to be seen at
681 Hayes st.
BOILERS, engines, lathes. wocj planers, 12 and
24-ln. gas engine: 2V_ H. P.; 2d hand. J.
BURKE. 139 Beale st.
PURE distilled ' water Ice. $3 50 per ton car-
loads f o b. ; $4 for less: sack packing ana
cartage" extra. Tel. South 463. Consumers
ice Co.. 420 Eighth st., S. F.
BILLIARD tables; few remodeled, good as
new* cheap for cash or Installments. iHt.
BRUNSWICK-BALKE CO.. 655 Market st.
■7.) SOLDIERS' overcoats, from $1 50; with
aS.MW,» SO- COLEMAN. 73 Third st.
FIRE and burglar safe: National cash register;
for sale cheap. 42 Main st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
' MANN SAFE CO., 417-421 Sacramento st.
tTh P Golden Gate gas engine; perfect order;
1 compete; must sell. EPSTEIN. 618 Mission,
A^-3 "0 DERBY and Fedora hats. $17',. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE suit. $9 75; pants. $2 75. ORIGINAL MIS-
FIT CLOTHING PARLOR. "l" Montgomery.
BOILERS and engines, second hand: also wine
making mach'y. Krogh Mfg. Co.. Stevenson st.
ID-HAND engines, boilers, machinery ;_djrna"
mos? boughtf sold. H. S. WHITE, 516 Mission.
SAFES- Bargains in new and second-hand^ all
sizes- half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
3IISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— To hire, 100 flrst-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars: long Job. L. B.
STONE, Elmhurst.
~ MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security: payab.e
back in Installments or as a whole: If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we 'will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire- avoid red tape an! publicity; see us first ;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates without
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6*. per cent on real estate. 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay. R. M--*rii.i;AN. 24 Montgomery, rm. *<
HIGHLY' respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. <*4fi Market st. ; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates: confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
CASH leaned to salaried people on note with-
out Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg,
AT Nevada Loan Office. 214 Grant aye— Money
loaned on diamonds. Jewelry and clothing.
$50 TO $30,000: lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRY'DEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without Indorser. TOUSLEY'. 592 Parrott bdg.
! IF your propertj' Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address ln the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. .
MONEY' AVANTED.
WANTED— SSOO on real estate at about 10 per
cent Interest. Address O. P., box 10S2. Call.
M US* CAL INSTRUCTION.
PIANO organ and mandolin lessons. 50c, at
pupils' home: good ref. Box 1323. Call.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $1 and
$5 "per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY" the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 28 and 30 O'Farreli st. pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of ail grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
BARGAIN'S! Bargains!— Go to Wilson's Storage
Rooms. 1710 Market st., and see another lot
good Standard uprights: very cheap for cash.
PRACTICALLY new Steinway upright sacri-
ficed. Room 12, Flood bldg.. 4th & Mkt. sts.
PIANO, upright, large size, rosewood finish,
like new; for sale cheap. 555 Mission st.
A NUMBER of good second-hand uprights for
sale cheap at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
A DECKER & SON. the piano for you to buy;
beautiful new style. MAUVAIS'. 769 Market.
A BARGAIN — Stelnway upright cheap.
SCHMITZ", 16 McAllister, next Hibernia Bank.
A— sBs: UPRIGHT piano in fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
CHEAP Steinway upright: also the famous
Hornung Bros.' pianos. 216 McAllister st.
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up; Installments, $.' 75 up;
rents, $2 up (al'owed on sale). Heine, 136 Ellis.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy and other pianoa 308
Post st. __—__
W G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farreil St.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES— Let.
EMMA SPRECKELS BLDG.. 927 Market St.
Offices $12 60 to $20.
Light, heat, janitor .and telephone Included.
ASHTON & GARDINER. Room 210.
SPLENDID location for flrst-class dressmaker
or milliner: fine store, with living rooms.
712 McAllister St.. near Gough.
STORE suitable for drug, dry goods or any
other business; rent $30. Southwest cor. Pa-
cific and Leavenworth sts.
POST. 47—1 small office to rent.
CHEAPEST and best, In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United State?, postpaid for $1 per year.-
— — ~^—~ — ~-* ~^ ~??T ~~ ~ - — — ™ —^ —^ — — — »^
PALMISTRY.
MM_7I*JE_RGAA-u3rp^^
main. 616 Geary st., above Jones; classes:
office hours I to 8 p. m.: reading by mall. $1.
. PAKTNEKS WANTED.
$200— WOMAN wants man partner with $2 0.
MRS. TONER. 78 Third St.; afternoon -
' **
PERSONALS.
DR. CREEL__^r^l_o-pTt_j7TorElm avT;
office at Horse Hospital. 510 Golden Gate.
MAMA, I want a sombrero; genuine; 40c up.
Mexican store. 114 Stockton st.
JAMES A. SORENSEN, watchmaker and Jew-
eler, removed to 103 sixth st., near Mission.
L _" D ,_-^, E i? '? ? uin tonlca Hair Tonic produces
™,_-l' ," : lf ,-* _ loss and cleanses the scalp thor-
oughly, 3oc bot. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton.
J A-tnrn« *°°?*' -Paten* Trademark
No 4 Sutter _f * and Copyright
_£ r„! ter "V- , Laws a Specialty -
lend F f_? c £ CO ' CaJ - American and Foreign
Send for Circular. - Patent. Solicits*.PERSONALS.
THERE is but one LEDERER and but one
hairdresser. LEDERER charges 25c; special
hair roil sale this week; longest reduced to
25c; _0c rolls only 15c. 123 Stockton st.
ASSORTMENT of Imported and domestic rem-
nants for suits to order, $10 75; pants. $3 75;
nothing I -her. One-Price Tailoring Co., 1644
Market st.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to J: 50 per night: $1 50 to *" per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and frrjro the ferry.
s*. PER week for lady's lit, jacket or cape,
gentleman's suit or overcoat. Eastern Out-
fitting Co.. 1306 Stockton St., near Broadway.
LIFE insurance policies bought for cash. W.
R. NICHOLSON. Attorney and Financial
Agent, International Hotel.
LIFE Insurance policies bought for cash. W.
R. NICHOLSON. Attorney and Financial
Agent, Hackmeier Hotel. '.-•'. Eddy St.
T. BRILLIANT. 3SS-S4O Post St., will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
DR. 'KEELY'S Dog Hospital. 109 Elm aye.;
office. Horso Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye.;
separate ward for contagious diseases.
MME. LcriPE'S manicure parlor has removed
from O'Farreil to 132 Eddy St.
SIMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOSHI TANI, 313 Sutter st.
A— LADIES' tailor-made suits to order at
wholesale figures. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife; no injec-
tion; guarantd. Dr. Gordin, sl4 Plne.ab.Krny.
A— Ladies* br gents" clothing, furniture bought,
sold: tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1028 Folsom st.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and .th.
WANTED— OId gold for manufacng. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 24 S O'Farreil. bet Powell _ Mason.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. ON NELL, offlce and residence,
i'tl*. Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PSYCHOMETRY
HENRY HARRISON BROWN, psychometrlst;
reads character; gives advice from spirit sids
of life; heals by laying on hands. 120 A Eddy.
REAL ESTATE CITY For Sale.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE <_ CO.
INVESTMENTS.
$10,000— 18 per cent per annum; 11 flats
and 1 dwelling in Al condition; always
rented; lan lot 22x19S feet; 4 frontages.
$s,ooo— Will pay 1 per cent per month net; 2
7-room houses in good condition, on
Webster st.. near California; could
easily be made into flats.
j-,, 000— Pays 15 per cent per annum; 9 fiats near
Fifth st.
$3.ooo— Block and a half from Market and
Kearny sts.; « tenements; rent $36;
don't fall to see this.
$2,soo— Pays 1 1-3 per cent per month; 4 fine
flats; separate basements; all in Al con-
dition; forced sale.
$1,700 — Pays 18 per cent per annum; 4 flats: al-
ways rented: mortgage $1000 can remain.
$1,700— Market and Kearny sts.; 2-story
house. 7 rooms.
FLATS.
$B, ooo— Two modern flats on McAllister st., 10
and 6 rooms; 25x100.
$5,500— Twpnty-third St.. near Howard; 3 new
flat; . rents "4*. all rented.
RESIDENCES AND COTTAGES.
$",sf'~— Elegant 9-room corner residence, l block
from park panhandle; 30x106:3.
SNAP— Will take anything above mortgage of
$2350 for substantial, well-built resi-
dence near Sanchez and Twenty-fourth.
-HOMESEEKERS— Wt
NO TAXES. NO INTEREST, .NO IN-
SURANCE.
$300 cash, balance $20 per month: modern
home (in course of construction), 5
rooms ami bath and high basement:
dome ceilings: tile mantels; porcelain
tubs; line view; close to car lines.
$3.100 — Forced sale: house 6 rooms and bath;
stable on O'Farreil St.; 30x75.
LOTS.
$2, Twenty-fourth st., near Castro: 40-foot
lot: double frontage.
$325 buys a nice building lot in the Western
Addition, half a block from Geary -st
cars.
$500— Cheapest lot in the city; "l"-" cash, bal-
ance easy; half a block from Mission
St.; 25x100.
We hold our regular auction sales
every two weeks. For further par-
ticulars apply to
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
$38 Market street.
PEREMPTORY.!
AUCTION SALE!!'.
AUCTION SALE!!!
TUESDAY. AUGUST _2d, 1899,
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON,
At Salesroom of
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE * CO.,
218-220 MONTGOMERY ST.,
MILLS BUILDING.
KEARNY STREET
INCOME PROPERTY.
PRESCOTT HOUSE, southwest corner
Kearnv and Pacific sts. and Montgomery ava. :
substantial three-story and basement brick
building, Nos. 923 to 931 Kearny st., Nos. 125 to
131 Montgomery aye.. Nos. 613 to 617 Pacific
St.; nine stores and 100 rooms above; property-
baa a frontage of over 211 feet by a depth of
107 feet 11 inches and 137 feet 6 Inches; net in-
come ln 1898 was $10,209 41; present monthly
rental, $970.
BUSINESS CORNER,
GREEN AND DUPONT STS.
NORTHWEST CORNER. Nob. 1401 to 1407
Dupont St.; two stores and fiats above; rented
to one tenant for $70 monthly; .lot 29 feet 4 1 .
Inches on Green st., by 57 feet 6 inches on
Dupont st.
BROADWAY COTTAGE.
No. 932 Broadway, north side, 95 feet east cf
Taylor st.: cozy cottage of 6 rooms and bath;
grand view of city and bay; rents $17 50; lot
22*.x*2*. feet, and extra lot 2 by 23V. feet.
BHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO..
Auctioneers, 218-220 Montgomery St., Mills bldg.
_^ a— — — . .
SMALL chicken ranch with chicken and
pigeon house: furniture, incubator and brood-
er. Cor. Thirty-first st.. bet. I and J.
$3500: WORTH $7C"O.
Lot 100x200. corner San Leandro road and
Rose St.. in Fltchburg; new building, contain-
ing store, saloon. 7 rooms, ail Improvements;
in perfect order: fine garden: stable and ware-
house; 9 rustic outhouses; elegant roadside re-
Eort; must le sold; account sickness of owner.
Apply on premises to C. CLUNDT; San lean-
dro electric car passes door.
NEW HOMES...
Five, 6. 7, 9 and 10 room houses, finished
with all modern conveniences, fronting on
Waller, Pierce and Prlmose stß., from $3100
to $4500; terms to suit purchaser. F. NEL-
SON. Builder.
ATTENTION. Capitalists— fine business prop-
erty investment; pays 7 per cent net on the
Investment. For particulars address Z. Y. X..
Call office. Oakland.
J4OOO OFFER for piece of property east of Fol-
som south of Sixth to Twentieth; lot must be
7r,x137-6 or over; providing location desirable.
Box 1626, Call.
HERE'S A SNAP—
$1700- New house, 9 rooms and bath.
SPECK, 6.7 Market st.
REAL ESTATE: COUNTRY For Snle
FOR rent- 200 res Al sugar beet land; low
freight to factory. P. MULVENAY, Tomales.
Marin County, Cal.
LANDS of Theodor Meetz estate In Alameda
and within Kern oil belt for sale cheao ln
subdivisions to suit. MRS. MATHILDE
MEETZ. TV. Railroad aye., Alameda.
RESTAI HANTS..
WESTERFELD'S restaurant, coffee and Ice
cream parlor. 1035 Market st. : popular prices.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT 14A Geary— Nice large sunny front suite;
complete for housekeeping; very reasonable.
FILLMORE, 1208, near Clay— sls: five clean
sunny rooms; bath; nice yard and water.
FIFTH 353— Housekeeping rooms, with store,
partly furnished for small buslno*j- $15.
FOLSOM, 523— Parlor suite; 3 rooms; complete-
ly furnished for housekpg; single or ensulte.
FRANKLIN, 727 3 sunny unfurnished rooms
for light housekeeping; rent $10.
GEARY, 17— Four nice unfurnished rooms,
bath, toilette. gas. yard, basement.
GEARY, -Three comfortable furnished
rooms ' for housekeeping; rent $15.
HOWARD - 1130*4— Newly furnished sunny bay-
window 'suite.' light housekeeping: private,
IVANHOE 1002 Polk. cor. Geary— Light, clean,
suVmy; fur, suites (3 to 5 r.). $16 up; ref.
LEWIS. 18. off Taylor, near Post-Three lovely
unfurnished rooms; w_ter free; oellar: $10. -
MINNA. 435— Five unfurnished rooms; all sun-
ny; $17; newly renovated,
MISSION 925 V.— Nicely furnished sunny hskpg.
rms.; beautiful kitchen; exclusive bath; porch.
OCTAVIA, 411. near ..single room, large
and siuuiy. f* -6 per moat—. k,;,
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ST. JAMES, Laguna and McAllister— Choicest,
sunniest in city; low rates; furnished or not.
SIXTH, -16*. Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms, $2 50 per week up; also single; quiet.
SIXTH. 420— -Connecting housekeeping rooms;
double and single; bath. etc.
SUTTER, 1111, nr. Larkin— Comfortably furn.
single suites: also hskpg.: terms reasonable.
THIRD. 251— Sunny, suitable furnished rooms
for families, single .pie and housekeeping.
TWENTY 3278. near Valencia— Sunny
furnished housekeeping rooms; renovated;
bath; laundry.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3726. near Dolores-Suite of
3 sunny bay-window rooms, complete for
housekeeping.
VAN NESS aVe., 400— Elegant sunny upper
floor; 3 rooms and bath; other rooms.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents The Week,-. Call.
• 16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ROOMS TO — furn. and Infnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms.
26c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night. .
ABUOTSFORD (The), cor. Broadway and Polk
Quiet and homelike; rooms bright and sunny,
single, suite; charges moderate; cars direct.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator:
bath; rooms, SOc to $1 50 day, MRS. J. KING.
AT New Grand, 246- 3d— 200 lst-class sunn: rms.,
15c to $1 day; 90c to $4 wk; also housekeeping.
AT 62 Second— Nice single, double and light
housekeeping rooms. $1 to $3 per week,
AT 39 Turk. cor. Taylor— New mangt.. renovat-
ed, sunny front bay-window rms.; transient.
BURNETT, 14.6 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rms., suites, single, also unfurnished.
: BUSH, 830*.. near Taylor— Nicely furnished
room for gentleman in private family $10.
CAPP. 121— Furnished room to let cheap.
! CARROLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner; well furn. rms. & offices.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
, FELL. 142. near Van Ness— Neatly furnished
front and back parlor, private house.
FOURTH, 222*. (Palm House)— Flrst-class sun-
ny bay-window rooms; also single. $1 25 up.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Comfortable turn.
rooms: travelers accommodated. MRS. HYER.
GEARY, 691— Two unfurnished rooms, with
stove, bath and closet.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or single;
ladles' parlors: reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— family
rooming house; *1 50 to $6 per week.
HARRISON 784"., near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; all home comforts,
$1 week up.
HOTEL Grosvenor. 319 Sutter, nr. Stockton-
Sunny suites, single rms.: elev.; free baths.
HOWARD. 829— Furnished rooms from $1 per
week up: also housekeeping and transient.
HOWARD. 946— Light single rooms, $1; double
rooms. $1 25 to $1 50.
HOWARD, 1062 bet. tith and 7th— Suite and 1
single, complete for hskg.; also sunny single.
MARKET. 1036, and 33 Fifth— New manage-
ment: fine sunny suites and single rooms.
MINNA. 667 cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room. $1 per week: transient.
MISSION. 1220— Newly furnished room; running
water; grate; reasonable; also single, $5.
MISSION. 2035, near Sixteenth— Nicely fur-
nished front room, $1 60 a week.
NICE newly furnished sunny rooms; can be en
suite or single; first-class in every respect;
quiet house. Box 1132. Call offlce. ■
NICELY furnished front room for steady young
man. Apply 116. Ninth st.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: electric lights: day, wk.. mo.
O'FARRELL, 773. nr. Larkin— 3 newly, prettily
frnshd. rms.; Ist floor; separate flat; modern.
O'FARRELL. 776, nr. Larkin— Sunny parlors;
single or en suite; also single room.
POST, 622— Elegantly furnished sunny suite;
also single rooms. MISS A. CALHOUN.
POWELL. Large sunny front rooms;
new flat; newly furnished.
ROYAL House, 126 Eliis St.— lncandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and
ladles' parlor: rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50;
week, $2 to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor: rooms with hot. cold wat.: baths
SHERMAN Apartment House. 23 Eighth St..
neai Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. 33. nr. Market, Hillsdale House— Ele-
gant furnished rooms; elevator; transient.
SOUTH PARK, 1158, off Third— Nice front
single room: private family; gas. bath.
SUTTER. Beautiful sunny front room suit-
able for young couple or 2 gentlemen.
TAYLOR, 117— Changed hands; furnished
rooms, single and en suite.
TEHAMA, 742. near Ninth— Sunny room for 2;
rent 40. __.
TENTH. 123, near Market— Two large sunny-
rooms; J." and 7. _
THE Oaks, 119 Third— A "food rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
THE Oliver. 965 Folsom. cor. 6th— Sunny corner
rms.. suites and single; gas: bath: new man
THIRD. 106*.. near Mission— The Seattle—
sunny rooms. $1 25 to $3.
TI'RK, 800*4— double-bedded, bay-window
room, facing Leavenworth st. : bath. gas. .
TURK. 545— Two sunny rooms; large, $8;
small. $6.
2 LARGE rooms In rear; $6; on sunny side. In-
quire 7188 Natoma st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents—The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ROOMS WANTED.
YOUNG couple, one-year-old child, want small
furnished cottage or flat: terms. Box 1149.
Call office. »
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 2"". Fourth St.
SHI PING OFFICES- TO LE*.
SHIPPING OFFICE TO LET
Office and basement suitable for express or
shipping. 52 Steuart st.
"special notices.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st . room* 9-10: tel 5520.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS .1 J WHITNEY, trance, test medium,
life reader: also medical clairvoyant; treats
private, chronic or obscure diseases. 232
Stockton St.; sittings, $1; -diagnosis free.
MEDIUMS' Protective Association, Mme.
V lung's Hall to-night; Mesdames Seal, Drew
and err. -ird.
JOHN SLATER— CircIe to-night, 8:15: sittings
dally, 10 to 4. 1809 Stockton, nr. Greenwich.
——————
Sit, RAGE.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission: goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office 401 Post, cor. Powell: tel. Main 7713
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND HOARD.
HOME fcr ladles in delicate health; large
ground-.: private. MRS. DR. FT'NKK. 141* "th.
BERKELEY "ADVERTISEMENTS
-BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
HILLEGASS TRACT.
WITHIN t MINUTES FROM UNIVERSITY.
£, MINUTES FROM STATION.
LOTS 160 FEET IN DEPTH.
The cheapest, choicest property in Alameda
County.
Apply to JOSEPH J. MASON,
Real Estate, Berkeley Station.
YOU SHOULD BEE THIS.
A fine 2-story house of 7 rooms: lot 186x125;
fruit trees, etc. ; 1 block from electric car line;
5 minutes from railroad station: just the place
to raise chickens. Apply to JOS. J. MASON,
Real Estate. Berkeley Station.
ONLY $20 down and 35 cents a day pays for a
fine lot In Berkeley; will lend money to build
house; also plenty of houses and lots for sale
ml all parts of town. O. G. MAY _ CO., 2123
Center st., Berkeley. Cal.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
BERKELEY ROOMS AM) BOARD.
"THE Pleasanton," 26*12 Durant aye., near j
, University; strictly first-class room and board, j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. AUGUST 9. 1899.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE ' REAL ESTATE. *
LARGE, level lots, $400; only $25 down; street
work done; sewers, water, gas; line school
close by; near railroad station and Oakland
electric line; half-hourly trains to city; 5c
fare; glorious climate; build a home to suit
yourself; easy payments: no city taxes. SYN-
DICATE INVESTMENT CO.. Frultvale sta :
BEAUTIFUL 4-room cottage: hard-finished;
barn; .large chicken house; 10 minutes' ride
from station: 60 minutes from San Francisco;
rent $7 per month. 807 Filbert St.. S. F.
—^ —^^ _— — __————^"»
! OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
I LOT 64x11.7; lot adjoining 35x105; Ull Pacific
| aye ; cheap.
$10.000— OLD established business. Apply to E.
E. "BUNCE, 90S Broadway. Oakland.
$2000— 6-ROOM cottage near City Hall; fine lot:
any kind of terms. E. E. BUNCE, 90S Broad-
way. Oakland. .
OAKLAND FLRMSHED HOUSES.
: COTTAGE completely furnished: flower garden; !
rent $20. Apply 2023 Chestnut St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE, j
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. th, ]
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
dividem: NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 70 (25 cents
per share) Of the Hutchinson Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be payable at the office of
the company, 327 Market st., on and after
Monday. August 21. 1899.
Transfer books will close on Tuesday. Au-
gust 15. 1*99, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 6 (thirty j
cents per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Flan- i
tation Company will be payable at the office
of the compary, 327 Market st., on and after
THURSDAY August 10. lS'-9. Transfer books
will close on SATURDAY, August .*. 1899. at
12 o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary,
'. LEGAL"* ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOTICE to creditors— Estate of JOHN J.
RIORDAN. deceased. Notice is hereby given
by the undersigned. EUGENE G. RIORDAN,
as the administrator of the estate of JOHN
J RIORDAN. deceased, to the creditors of
and all persons having claims against the
said deceased, to exhibit them with the ne-
cessary vouchers, within four months after
the first publication of this notice, to the
said administrator at the office of his attor-
ney TIMOTHY J. LYONS, rooms 11 and 12.
Chronicle building. NE. corner Market and
Kearr.y streets, San Francisco, the same be-
ing his place for the transaction of the busi-
ness of the said estate.
EUGENE G. RIORDAN, as administrator
of the estate of JOHN J. RIORDAN, de-
ceased.
Dated at San Francisco, August 9, 1599.
TIMOTHY J. LYONS. Chronicle building,
attorney for administrator.
NOTICE of dissolution of co-partnership —
Notice Is hereby given that the copartner-
ship heretofore existing between the under-
signed GROSVENOR P. AVERS. W. D.
"'KANE and E. S. CIPRICO, all of Pan
Francisco, California, doing business under
the firm name and style of AVERS & CO.,
is this day dissolved by consent. Mr. GROS-
VENOR P. AVERS succeeds to and Will
hereafter conduct said business under the
same firm name as heretofore and will col-
lect all outstanding accounts and settle all
liabilities.
San Francisco. Cal. April 19, 1599.
GROSVENOR p. AVERS, W. D. O'KANE.
E. S CIPRICO.
PROPOSALS.
UNITED States Engineer Office. Flood build-
ing. San Francisco, Cal., August 8. 1899—
Sealed proposals for dredging in Stockton and
Mermen channels, Cal.. will be received here
until IS o'clock noon September 12, 1899. In-
formation furnished on application.' W. H.
HEUER, Major Engineers.
UNITED STATES Engineer's office, Flood 1
building, San Francisco, Cal., July 8. ,
1899. Sealed proposals for dredging In Alviso
Harbor, Cal., will be received here until 12,
o'clock, noon. August 10. 1899. Information '
furnished on application. W. H. HEUER,
Major. Engineers.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
! mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BEPLER— August 29, 18*9, to the wife of F.
D. Bepler. a daughter.
DAVIS— In this city, to the wife of R. D. Da- |
vis. a son.
' FRENCH In this city, August 2. 1899, to the j
wife of G. E. French, a son.
LUTJENS— In this city. August 2, 1899, to the
wife cf Captain Charles Lutjens, a daughter.
I O'NEILL— In this city. August 1. 1899, to the !
wife of Weil O'Neill, a daughter
DIED.
Allen, C. Koch. Richard
Bauman, Hyman I_.falx, Emilie
Burton, Ada Laven, M. C.
Brown, illiam W. Lucchettl, Francesea |
Collins. Mary McGrath, Lawrence
Fttzgibbon. George T. Marque, Emile
Goodall. Charles . Monckton. Sarah M. !
Gray, Dr. Robert F. Mower. Mrs. Margery j
Glid'den. Albert M. Sumner. Elvira T.
Holts, Judge Wm, Stern, Sarah
Hunt. Jonathan P. Thomaschewski How- |
Johnson. Isaac ard H.
Kingston, John Wilslow, Helens C.
Ward, Ethel
ALLEN— In this city, August 4. 1899, C. Allen, I
a native of England, aged 50 years.
B_TThe funeral will tnke place this day j
(Wednesday). at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of A. W. Martin _ Co.. undertakers, lIS
Geary street. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme- j
tery.
BAUMAN- In this city, August 6, 1899, Hyman
Bauman, a native of Germany, aged 31 years.
A member of the Tailors* Union.
""-""Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day I
(Wednesday), at 10.30 o'clock, from the por-
lors of H. P. Petersen & Co.. 22** McAllister
street. Interment New Salem Cemetery by
train leaving Third and Townsend streets at
11:31' o'clock.
BURTON— In this city. August 8, 1899. Ada,
Idolised daughter of the late William and Em-
ma Burton, and niece of Albert and Mary
Rudolph, a native of Sacramento, aged 19
years 10 months and 4 days.
BROWN— Yountville, July 30. 1899, William
Walton Brown, beloved husband of Alice M.
Brown, and father of Robert and Orabel
Brown, a native of Virginia, aged 71 years.
COLLINS— In Oakland, August 8, 1899, Mary,
beloved wife of Joseph Collins, a native of j
London. England, aged 41 years.
FITZGIBBON— In this city, August 8, l*"".. at
the residence of his parents. **60 Mission i
street, George T.. dearly beloved son of
Maurice and Eliza Fitzglbbon. and brother
of Drs. G. J., F. T. and J. G. Fitzgihbon and I
Mrs. J. E. Howe, a native of Sacramento,
Cal.. aged 39 years 10 months and 17 days.
(CTlnterment private.
QOODALL— In Draycott, England, July 13,
1899, Charles Goodall, a native of Draycott,
England, aged 74 years.
"-.-■"" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, at
Simpson Memorial Church, corner Hayes and
Buchanan streets, San Francisco. Interment
private. In Mountain View Cemetery, Oak-
land. Please omit flowers.
GRAY— In this city, August 8, 1899, Dr. Rob-
ert Frederick, dearly beloved son of William
J and Dorothea H. Gray, and brother of
! William W., Bertha H. and Maude D. Gray,
a native of San Francisco, aged 30 years.
GLIDDEN- In Oakland, August 7. 1599. Albert
M., husband of the late Dellnda Glidden. a
native of Alna, Me., aged 78 years and 7
months.
(.""The funeral will be h»!d this day
(Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from 2044 Union'
street. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
HOLT!*—- In Alameda, August 8, 1899, Judge
William Holtz. a native of Germany, aged
69 years 10 months and IS days.
C' 7" Friends and acquaintances are respect- j
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from Masonic Hall,
Park street, under the auspices of Oak Grove
Lodge No. 215. F. and A. M. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
HUNT— In .this city, August 8, 1899, Jonathan !
Page Hunt, brother of James S. Hunt, a na-
tive of Brunswick, Me., aged 69 years.
I JOHNSON— In this city, August 6, 1899, Isaac*
Johnson, beloved brother of John Condell a
native of Sweden, aged 48 years.
B_s"Frlends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday,) at 10 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his brother. John Condell. corner
Fourth and Holyoke streets. West Berkeley
thence to West Berkeley Presbyterian Church
for services, commencing at 10:30 o'clock In
terment Mountain View Cemetery.
KINGSTON— In this city, August 7, 1899, John
relict of Catherine Kingston, and beloved
father of Paul F., John H.. Samuel J. and
HnNR-- J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan _ Gallagher).
j FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
M Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
/YlcflVOV _fc CO.,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS _ EMBALMERS.
1235 Market St.. between Sth and Sth.
I Telephone. South 247. j
James E. Kingston, a native of Ireland, aged
7. years.
--"-"Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Wednesday), at
9:30 o'clock, from his late residence, tit
Twelfth street, thence to St. Joseph's Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, .commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment private, in Holy
Cross Cemetery", by special car from Third
and Townsend streets. Please omit flowers.
KOCH— In this city. August 7, 1899, Richard, |
beloved husband of Mathllde Koch, and
father of Emilie Koch, a native of Germany, |
aged SO years. A member of Concordia Ye- I
rein and Fraternal Order of Eagles.
[t_?*Frlends and acquaintances are respect- I
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of Theodor Dlerks. undertaker, 957 Mission !
street, between Fifth and Sixth, and thence j
to Cypress Lawn Cemetery, where the re-
mains will be cremated.
LAFAIX— In this city. Emilie I_faix. beloved
mother of Felix Lafalx, a native of France,
aged 71 years and 4 months.
"CTFriends and acquaintances are respect- I
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the' parlors, of
J. .S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue. In- !
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
LAVEN— In this city, August 6, 1599, M. C,
beloved husband of Sarah Laven, a native
of Dundas. Canada, aged 51 years.
"_r Fri ends are respectfully Invited to at- I
tend the funeral this day Wednesday), at 1 !
o'clock, from the residence of John W. Hay-
den, 513 Bartlett street. Interment Masonic 1
Cemetery. • •
LUCCHETTI— In this city, August 8, 1899, Fran- '
(.sea Lucchetti. beloved wife of Francesco I
Lucchetti, beloved mother of Dr. Victor I
Lucchettl and Albert and Emilia Lucchettl '
and the adopted children, Mary and John,
and beloved sister of Mrs. V. Bouquet, a na-
tive of California, aged 41 years and 10 days.
ff-TNotice of funeral hereafter. •
McGRATH— In this city. August 8. 1899. Law-
rence, beloved son of Francis and Catherine
McGrath, a native of San Francisco, aged 10
months and 9 days. *••'.:■
lE?" Notice of funeral hereafter.
MARQUE— In Elmhurst, Alameda, August 6.
1899, Emile Marque, a native of France, aged
73 years.
ir?*Friendp and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. S. G.vleau. 906 Montgomery avenue. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MONCKTON— the St. Helena Sanitarium.
August 5, 1899 Sarah M. Monckton, widow of
the late Daniel Monckton, and mother of
Mrs. L. S. B. Sawyer and Frank D. and
Sheldon P. Monckton.
lE?* lncinerated with remains of her late
husband, August 7, 1899, at Odd Fellows'
Cemetery. »
MOWER— Drowned at Bar Harbor, Me.. Mrs.
Margery, mother of May E., Charles W. and !
George H. Mower and Mrs. G. L. Abell of '
Needham, Mass., a native of Bangor, Me., ]
aged 65 years.
SUMNER- In this city, August 7, 1899, Elvira
Thompson Sumner, a native of Plymouth,
Mass . aged 77 years 11 months and S days.
tT-TServlces and interment private.
STERN— In this city, August 8, 1899, Sarah, be- j
loved wife of Abraham Stern, and mother of j
Mrs. Marc H. Levy, Mrs. B. Schaniro and
Louis and Sigmund Stern, and sister of M. .
B. Liehtenstein of Salt Lake, Mrs. M. H.
Liehtenstein, Mrs. A. Mendelson and J. L. 1
Solomon, a native of Schneidemuhl, Prussia, j
aged 60 years.
[■"-""Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, August 11, at 10 o'clock, from the
residence of B. Schaniro, 1811 Broderick j
street. Interment at Hills of Eternity Ceme-
tery by 11:30 o'clock train from Third and
■ Townsend streets.
THOMASCHEWSKI— this city. August 6, i
1899, Howard H., only and beloved child of j
Oswald and Mollie Thomaschewski, grand-
child of Mr. and Mrs. J. Rebstock and Mrs..
C. Thomaschewski, and nephew of Mrs. C. J. I
Sbarboro, Mrs. D. Hartsough. Eugene Reb- |
stock and Richard and Edward Thomas- !
chewski, a native of San Francisco, aged 6
years 3 months and 15. days.
E-TFrlends and acquaintances are respect- •
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his aunt. Mrs. C. J. Sbarboro. 1230
Filbert street, between Hyde and Larkin.
WILSLOW— In this city, August 6. 1899, Helene
C, youngest and dearly beloved daughter of
Bothllda and the late Nicolal Wilslow. and
sister of Mrs C. Hangaard. Mrs. It. Rude-
beck, Thomas Wilslow, Mrs. M. Dall and
Nlcolai Wilslow, a native of Appenrade, Ger-
many, aged 20 years 3 months and 12 days.
C_**Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day j
(Wednesday). at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1103 Folsom street, near Seventh. In- [
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery. ," :
NOTICE— members of the Danish Ladles'
Society I>annebrog of California, Branch i
Thyra No. 2 of San Francisco, are hereby
notified to attend the funeral of our late :
sister. Miss H. C. Wilslow, to meet at her !
residence, 1103 Folsom street, this day (Wed-
nesday), at 2 o'clock. By order of
MISS C. ROLF. Pres.
MISS M. NIELSEN. Sec.
WARD— August 8. 1-.99. Ethel, beloved daugh-
ter of Fred and Emily Ward, a native of San '
Francisco, aged 1 month.
HOTEI ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
C M Beckwlth, Sacto Miss J Foster. S Ixjuls
G W Strohl. Napa Miss J Roberts, Fresno !
H M Mead-am. Napa ii F Shepherd, w._ n, ;
D S Kys-r, Napa j Fresno .
A Walter. Los Angeles J Heilbron, Sacto
W A Brewer, 3 Mateo H F Ferguson, S Jose
G M Pock, Stockton |B F P Smith, Cal
F P Bell, Stockton I A C Hahn & w. S Cruz
W H Green. N V ! JC Gos3etts. Sit Lake
F Byrne, Newport jI. H Simmons Cal
J Mitchell, I' 9 A iW W Moore, San Jose '
R Malcolm, N Zealnd G T Baldwin. Or
M Summer-Meld <_ w.1A.8 Clare, Boston
Salt Lake S B Pippin. Portland
A Cocks & w, Austrlla Mrs X C Dunn, Fresno
J S Goodwin, You Bet H Hazelton. S Jose
}' S Cram, You Bet C C Titus, Waterloo
J Cahill, You Bet W F Hayford & w,
C Morgenstern, Chcgoj Cedar Rapids
A J Morgenstern, Chgo j Miss I M Clark, 11l
C Benham. Eureka Mrs M E Gebert, 111
J R Chase, Coyote J L Maude, Riverside I
H E Heacock, Cal J L Pendleton, New |
J J Dwyer, Sacto I Brighton -*.:''
E Edwards, USA C P Howes, Cal
J C Castner, USA LI! Doe & w, S Mateo I
II E Stork well. La ! A Bartels & w, Clinton i
Sarah E. Williams. Cal J A Brent, Plymouth
A T Cooper, lowa I C W c rbniy. Eureka |
T R Warrlner. lowa F M Penner, St Paul j
F R Hart _ w.S Diego Edith C Noftsker, 111
F A Weed. San Diego J F Devend-irf, S Jose
B X Kimberly, Denver; Mrs W Jacks. Mont
E E Bunnell, Courtlnd J E Lombard. U S S !
W H Dean, Courtland Morgan City
B V Sell, Chicago M O Blcknell & sister, j
R Kennedy & w. Cal j Phoenix
Mrs L II ('ushing. CaljC H Burton, Sonora
L V Woodward, Prtlnd ■ Mrs French. Willows
N A Loucks. Portland Mrs R E L Eagle, Ark
Mrs G A Bray. Arts II M Dewier, Pa
W W Worthing. Stktn ; W M Webster & w,
Dr A J Giesy & w, Or Stent
N 8 Corbin & w.Cal G L A Smith & w, Oal
Miss Rieeh, Portland A B Neai &w. F Oaks ;
Miss Knight, Portland W A Doyle. S Mateo
W H 1 o- per. Berkeley ( W P Thomas, Uklah
D A Jackson Fresno I W D Foot*, Fresno
Dr W A McCormlck & G R Stewart. (*al
fm. Fort Bragg A H Huddard, Rosslnd I
G F Abel. Maxwell J A Meghanacca, Napa '
D A Shaw. Los Gatos I"W E Clark _w, Napa :
A T Ross, Los QatOS IT H Stratton. 11l
W eTc T Schofiel.l, S Louis l Mrs /. Stratton, 111
D H McEwen. Pomona T Clalrdworthe, Cal
C E Baer, Bakersfleld!
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs Evans, Colo Mrs P F Fernauld, NY
T T Williams. Marin E W Mass, Los Ang
Mrs F McMillan, Cal R E Hyde, Vlsalla
Miss N McMcMillan, H Cooper, Los Ang
Cal J McFadden. S Cruz
G Milllken. N York J B Hammond, S Cms
Mrs G Milllken, NY S A MeKeon, Pittsburg
J Barnes, I»s Ang Mrs F M Simpson, Pa.
Mrs J Barnes, Los Ang Mrs E Ramsey, L Gtos j
Mrs G B Niles. NY R Fairchild. L Ang **
G Neldllnger, N V ! Mrs E Ramel, L Gatos !
B X Kimberly. Denver. 1 It Mannerlng. Or "
S'M Kenedy. Toronto Mrs J H Harris, Ky I
Mrs J Bean, Stillwater C P Jet-sop A w. USN .
Mrs P Humbert. Rosin N E Wittman. S Jose
P Humbert, Boston J H Hethrlngton, USN '
H c Warwick, NY [Dr J S Black &w, Cal !
Mrs H C Warwick. NY J">r M M Spooner, Cal |
Mrs J H Pesline, G L Seward, Stanford i
Washington, DC LA Wright. S Rafael
F P Furnald, N York Mrs LA Wright, San
C F Forhune, N York : Rafael
Mrs C F Forhune. NYC Stein. Chicago
T B Forhune. N York. Mrs B E Corbin, Alex-
Mrs C W Hinchcllffe, andria
Los Angeles Mrs W C Peyton. Cal
C W Hinchcllffe Jr, Miss Beach. New York
Los Angeles C B Ostberg, Sweden
P F Fernauld. NY J D Alend. Phila
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
L A Johnson. Oregon M A Hicks, Oregon
H L Holgate. Oregon V Dunbar, Sacramento
C J Foster. San Jose |W M Aber. Montana
H Hagelin. Fresno C F Parsons, Arr Grnd I
A C Welch, Oregon Miss M Louhey. Sacto I
C H Treat. Whittier J L Kaiser, Bakersfld
M H Howell. Oregon ,R Lamb. Bakersfleld
P V Dlckman, Oregon G Lamb. Bakersfleld
F Mitchell, Salinas ,Miss Miller, Kansas
J Nag-ell; Portland Miss Wallace, Kansas
W M Green. Portland Mrs Lamb, Bakersfld
J J Maxwell, Portlnd J H Smith. Woodland
A Schneider, Manila L Mylee. Washington
Miss Brown, San Jose J Le Clalr, Arizona
H L Lukens, Perm P A Galvln, Fresno
W Slade, Seattle E Markey. San Jose
C Myers, Seattle J C Ellis, Stockton
F Smith. Martinez J R Hartwell, Ohio
G R Miller, Omaha J H Bishop. Honolulu
E A Johnson. Omaha Miss N Knox, Los Ang
G Hanck, Chico ' , ...
— — ■ m »
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Elizabeth H. Johnson to Lily J. Cory, lot on 1
W line of Steiner street, 25 8 of Ellis. S 25 by ;
W 90. warranty deed: $10.
Julia E. or Juliette '."base. Mary J. Stark, I
Eliza M. Rand. Lucy E. Batchelder (Towle), ;
and Emma S., Charles A.*, Fred L. and Herman |
G. Towle to Caroline A. Bortree (Kercheval).
lot on W line of Scott street, 50 S of Bush, S '
25 by W 87:6; $3000.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to James P. I
Dockery. lot on E line of Carmelita (Primrose > \
street, '9o S of Waller, S 25 by E 95, lot 8. I
block 3. Marion Tract (Hospital lot); $10.
Samuel, Martin. Robert. Bertha and - Rose j
Berwln and Hilda Morton (wife of J. H.) to
Osbourne J. Meads, lot on E line of Howard ,
street, 221 S of Seventeenth, S 24 by E' 122:6; |
$10. ' ' • . •• -
Thomas Jennings to Thomas : Jennings Jr.,
lot on S line of Fourteenth street, 275 E of
Sanchez, E 25, S 101:8, SW. 32_0*, N U3% li. 1
Frank Shelton to Julia A. Shorey and Carrie
Callender. lot on S line of Gerke alley, 8. _
of Dupont street, E 25 by 9 50; gift.
Jacob Perboner to Waleria Czarnlcki, lot on
E line of Jones street, 75 i* of Chestnut, S »
by E 137:6; $10. __, , .
Patrick M. Partridge to Annie E. Flnlfy and
Mary L. Partridge, lot on NE line tof i Spear
street, 1*3:4 NW of Howard, NW 45:10 by r\_
60, quitclaim deed; $5. , . _,
William Finley to Henry E. B<?thin lot on
NE line of Spear street, 183:4 NW of Howard.
NW 45:10 by 137:6: $10. __ _
Catherine Clarke (widow) to Henry E.
Bothln. lot on N Wllne of Natoma street. 14.
SW of First. SW .3:3 by NW 75; $10.
Alfred and Frank Glrot to Eliza Garratt. re
record 1506 d 297. of lot on SW line of Ritch
street, 175 SE of Folsom, SE 25 by SW J»,
$"*"■•*•
Laura A. Burris to Sarah F.. Lucy F. and
Daniel S. Swett. lot on NW line of Mission
street, 175:6 SW of Fourth, SW 49:6 by NW
90, quitclaim deed; $10. ' ' ■'.'■ - - _ ' - tftf-
Carl and Paulina Schroeder to Robert W oods^
lot on W line of Twenty-fourth avenue, _»
N of R street. N 25 by W 120: $10.
Emilie and Charles F. Becherer to Albert L.
Mack, lots 11 and 42, block 7. Holly Park Tract,
being lot. on N line of Richland avenue. 4_ L
of South avenue, 50 by 100: $1200- ,_ „ _,
P. L. Roberts to E. T. Johnson, lot la 3, _ut
Map 3; $10. _ , „_
Roman Catholic Archbishop of San Francisco
fa corporation sole) to Hanora Quirk, lot on
W line of Mission street. 381:10% S of Richland
avenue (Thirty-fourth), S 66:3, W 105, NE 124;
Louisa and Lilly Striby to Clara P. Martin,
lot on S coiner of Seventeenth avenue and X
street. SW 100 by SE 75. lot 8, block $60. South
Pan Francisco Homestead and Railroad Asso
ciation: $10. ■-'.■ ._ !„♦
James L. McCammond to Solomon Get _. lot
on W line of Victoria street. 250 N of Shields,
N _ by W 100, lot 45, block 35, City Land Asso
ciation; $10.
Alameda County.
The McCarthy Company (a corporation) to
Annie Pahl (wife of W. C). lot on E line of
Wheeler avenue, 124:6 N of Washington street.
N 87:6 by E 130. being lot 27 and S 12:6 of lot
28, in subdivision A, Fruitvale Terminal Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10. '
F. and A. C. Bammann to G. W. Townsend,
lot on NE line of Eagle avenue, 184:6 SE of
Chestnut street, ST"" 30:8 by NE 150, being the
NE 30:8 feet of lot 5, block 2. lands adjacent
to Encinal Alameda, subject to mortgage; $10.
Julia Moran to Sister Loretto Barrett, all
Interest in estate of Mary Sweeney (deceased),
quitclaim deed; gift.
Builders' Contracts.
Justus Proll * (owner) with J. T. Lor
ensen (contractor), architect M. Han
sen. All work for a one and a half story
frame building on E line of Tenth avenue, 12.
S of H street, S 25 by E 120: $2452.
Colusa Stone Company (contractors), with O.
E. Brady & Son (sub-contractors), architects
Reld Bros. Brick work and set, paint and
clean all stone furnished for music stand in
Golden Gate Park at W end of Conservatory
Valley; $13,801 28.
Rose Morel (wife of F.. owner) with John
Flaherty (contractor), architect Sylvaln
Scbnnittrr^her. Alterations and additions to
make a two-story frame building on N line of
Post street, 220 W of Scott, W 27:6 by N 137:8;
$2100.
SHIPPIXG INTELLIGENCE. j
Continued from Page Eight.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, August 8.
Stmr "Weeott, Burtis. 24 hours from Eureka.
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson, 17 hours from
Rock:
Schr Reliance, Skipper, 20 hours -from Fish
Bowens Landing.
SAILED.
Tuesday. August 8.
Stmr San Bias, Russell, Panama.
Stmr Geo Loomis. Bridgett. Ventura.
Stmr Bonita, Nlcolson, San Pedro.
Stmr Cle.'ne, Higgins, Caspar, with schr
Dewey in tow.
Stmr Tillamook, Anfindsen.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Gielow, Port Harford.
Nor stmr Thyra, Edvardsen, Hongkong via
San Diego.
Br stmr Wellington. Salmon.!. Nanaimo.
Ship Standard. Get-hell, Portland.
Bktn B N Castle, Hubbard. Honolulu.
Bohr Nettle Low. Low. Point Reyes.
Schr Newark. Beck. Bowens Landing.
Schr yewey. , Caspar, in tow of stmr
Cleone.
Schr J B Leeds. Nielsen. Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Aug 8, 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind SW; velocity 12 miles.
SPOKEN.
July 5—16 N 2fi W, Br bark Seafarer, fm Ant
werp for San Francisco.
MISCELLANEOUS. -
The stmr Noyo, from Fort Bragg Aujr S.
while making a landing at Mission-street wharf
this morning, ran Into the wharf, doing con
siderable damage.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Aug 7— Schr Coro
na, from Port Townsend.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Aug B— Schr
Monterey, for Pan Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Aug 7— Str New
burg, hence Autt 3.
USAL— Sailed Aug B— Stmr Newsboy, for San
Francisco. V-
Arrived Aug S— Ptmr Navarro, fm Ventura.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed Aug B— Stmr Green
wood, for San Francisco.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Aug B— Schr
Bender Brothers, for Pan Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Aug B— Br bark
Carondelet. for San Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived Aug Str State of Cali
fornia, hence Aug 6; Br ship The Hahneman,
from Yokohama. ,; - ■"■ ' Ii -
Sailed Aug B— Stmr Signal, for Grays Har
bor; stmr Fulton, for San Francisco; Br bark
Nat una. for Queenstown.
EUREKA— Arrived Aug S— Stmr Pomona, he
Sailed Aug S— Ptmr South Coast; bktn Moni
tor, for San Francisco.
PAN PEDRO— Sailed Aug B— Schr Serena
Thayer, for Tacoma. _____,_,
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Aug S— Br ship Bermuda,
for Portland. * ■
FORT ROSS— Sailed Aug B— Schr Nettie Sund
berg. for San Francisco.
ALBlON— Sailed Aug Stmr Aloha, for San
Francisco. . _ _ _, ,
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Aug B— Ptmr Rival,
hence Aug 7. K^ TKRS poRT8 _
EASTERN PORTS.
BALTIMORE— CIeared Aug 7— Ship Wm J
Botch, for Manila.
FOREIGN PORTS.
QTTEENSTOWN— Arrived Aug 7— Br bark
Eagle Crag, from Portland, Or. ____.. ,
SYDNEY'— Arrived prior to Aug Prr Mari
posa, hence July IS. •" ■ - 'tftf- '_ ,
ACAPULCO— Sailed Aug B— Stmr Colon, for
Panama.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug B— Stmr Aller, fm
Genoa. _ „ _ .
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Aug B— Stmr Staten
dam. from New York via Boulogne (arrived at
Boulogne 4am and proceeded.)
MOVII.LE- Aug B— Stmr Elitiopia, fm
New Tort for Glasgow.
HAMBURG-"- Arrived Aug B— Stmr Bulgaria,
from New York.
LONDON— Arrived Aug Stmr Mesaha.
BREMEN— Arrived Aug S— Stmr Barbarossa,
from New York via Southampton.
$— * — — ■ »
THE STOCK MARKET.
<i> : _ — , — : -*
A decline In Contra Costa Water to *.764
was the only change -worthy of note in securi
ties on the morning session. Trailing was fair.
Prices remained about the same in the after
noon. _
Mining stocks stood about the same. The
• telegram from the pump said: "At 6:30 this
morning the water was 22 feet 6 inches below
the 1950-foot level station. During the past
twenty-four hours the water roso 1 foot and 6
inches and fell again. The elevator has been
working continuously."
The ore shipments for the mines of Eureka
district, Nevada, by rail, for the week ending
August 4, were as follows: Diamond mine,
69 $90 pounds; Eureka Consolidated, 165.350;
Richmond. 66,330; Silver Connor, 37,830: Silver
West, 10,630. From Hamilton: Rocco—Home
stake', 117,-30.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. Aug. 9—2 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask.
Bonds— Equit G L Co. 4* 4*.
4 S quar c0up. ..112 — Mutual El Co. 14". 1474
4s quar reg.... — — Oakland Gas.. 48 50
4s quar new... 12814 — Pac Gas' lmp. 70*4 714
3s quar c0up... 108 — Pac LCo — 43
Miscellaneous— |S F G & E.... 704 70*4
Cal-st Cab 65. .115 — San Fran 3*. 3*4
C C Wat fis... — 1194 j Stockton Gas.. 12 —
E L & P 1294135 ; Insurance—
F&CI Ry 65.. — . 117 Firem's Fund. 22s —
Geary-st R ss. — — ■ Bank Stocks—
HC & S 545.1074 — Anglo-Ca! 68 70
L A Ry 5s 106*4107 Bank of Ca1..2724250
LA L Co 65.. 99 — Cal SD _ T.. — 38
Do gntd 65.. 99 — First Nation!.. 229 235
Do gntd 55.. — 100 Lon P & A....129*_132*_
Market-st 65... 126*. — Mer Exchange— 16
Do Ist M 55.11G"-4ll6*i;Nev Nat 8k...184 — ':
NCN G R 75.110 — Savings Banks —
N Rof Cal 6s. 114*4 — Ger S - L....1650 —
N Rof Cal 65. 114 115 Hum S & L.1050 116.)
NP C R R fis.lo6'4 — Mutual Say... 39 —
N P C R R58.106 _ — S F Say 1*.... "00 —
N Cal R R ."s.lll — 8 & L 50.... — 824
DGL &fl os.lll — Security SB..— 300
Oak Transt «s.lll 113 Unicn T C 0... — 1465
Om C Ry 65. ..1264130 : Street Railroads—
P& Cl Ry 65.105 — California .....116 120
p A O6s 115 — Geary 50 —
Powell-st «5... — 115 Market-st 61 —
Sac El Ry ss. — — Oak S L A H. — 60
SF & N P 55.113*4"5 Presidio — 16 .
SF & S JV55.11." — ' Powder-
Sierra R Ca165.1084 — California — 170
S Pof A 65. ..112 — E Dynamite... 85 — .
S P C 65(1905).H2 112*4 Glan Con Co. 73 73*4
8 P C 6s(l*)6). — 1144 Vigorit 2*4 —
S P C 65 '1912).118 122 . Sugar—
S P C ls eg ss. — 107*4 Hana P. C 0.... 164 16*4
S P Br 6s 124*4125*4 Haw C&8 C. — 96
8 V Wat t0....11«H — Hutch S P Co. 324 32*4
8 V Wat 45.... 103*4 — ; Kllauea S Co. — 30
PV W 4s)3dm)lol*4 — Makaweli SC. 48 —
Stktn Gas 65.. 1024 — Onomea S Co. 3-* 1 . 38*4
Water Stocks— ' Paauhau S P. 39 39*4
Contra Costa.. 76 76*4 Miscellaneous—
Marin County. 50 — iAI Pac Assn. .116*4117
Spring Valley. lo. 1024 Mir Ex Assn.. — IQO J,
Gas and Electric— Oceanic S Co.. 89 —
Capital Gas.... — — Pac A F A.... I*. —
Central O Co.. — — Tac '* Bor C 0.130 135
Cent L & P... — 7 Par Paint Co.. B*4 —
Morning Session.
Board—
10 Alaska Packers' Association 116 75
10 Contra Costa Water 76 50
30 Contra Costa Water 76 25
10 Contra Costa Water 76 12".
30 Contra Costa 76 37*.
25 Equitable Gas ' I *-
20 Giant Powder Con 7% 75
50 liana Plantation Co *. 16 :!7' 2
25 Hana Plantation Co 16 50
150 Hutchinson S. P. Co 3175
50 Hutchinson S. P. Co., s 90 31 75
150 Oceanic B. B. CO S9 25
150 Paauhau S. P. Co 39 00
91 S. F. Gas and Electric 70 25
125 S. V. Water 102 25
Afternoon Session.
Board—
50 Alaska Packers' Association 116 75
40 Giant Powder Con 72 75
10 Giant Powder Con 73".
50 Hana Plantation Co 16 50
60 Hutchinson S. P. Co 32 00
400 Hutchinson S. P. Co 32 12*_ /
200 Hutchinson S. P. Co 32 25
30 Oceanic 8. S. Co 89 37*.
10 Onomea Sugar Co 3** 50
15 Paauhau S. P. Co 39 00
50 Paauhau S. P. Co., b 5 39 SO
20 Pacific Coast Borax 132 00
SO 8. F. Gas and Electric... 70 25
JIOOO S. F. and S. J. V. bonds 115 00
5 S.-V. Water 102 25
Street—
83000 Los Angeles Rv. 6s lofi 75
50 Mutual Savings Bank 10 00
15 S. V. Water.. .._ 102 25
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
■
• Morning Session.
Board —
30 Contra Costa Water 76 75
25 Contra Costa Water 70 87*. :
200 Equitable Gas 4 87*.
30 Giant Powder 72 62*.
fOOOO Los Angeles Ry. 5s 100 SO
30 Makaweli Sugar Co 48 on ,
25 S. F. Gas and Electric 70 12!.
Afternoon Session.
Board —
25 Contra Costa Water 7* 50
20 Contra Costa Water 76 62". '
.-<' Equitable Gas 4 75'
50 Equitable Gas 4 62*.
45 Giant Powder 72 SS*.
36 Oceanic S. S. Co 89 00
'■'.•> Onomea Sugar Co 38 50 !
100 Paauhau Sugar Co 38 87*. '
30 Vigorit Powder 2 62*. I
MINING STOCKS.
, Following were the sales in the San Fran- j
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Best & Belcher 73 100 Mexican 63 !
1000 Best & Belcher 71 250 Ophir 130
100 ('hollar 27 400 Savage 23 I
1200 Con Cal & Va.2 35 1 20" Sierra Nev 68
700 Gould & Curry 48 1 200 Union Con 3S
300 Mexican 64 200 Union Con 39
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 30 100 Con Cal _ Va.2 40
200 Best & Belcher 78 300 Gould & Curry 50 !
200 Con Cal & Va.2 35
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Alpha Con 04' 200 Hale & Nor... 37 1
200 Alpha Con 03! 500 Justice 19
200 Alpha Con OS 200 Mexican 65
200 Andes 22 700 Mexican 64
50 Andes * 20: 600 Ophlr 132*.
6"0 Best & Belcher 74 f 300 Ophlr 135!
200 Best _ Belcher 77 1 400 Potosl 46
200 Best _ Belcher 78 1600 Savage 21
200 Chollar 27 200 Sierra Nevada. 69'
900 Con Cal & Va.2 35 400 Sierra Nevada. 68 '
300 Con Oal & V.2 32*. 1000 Union Con .... 38
400 Gould & Curry 48 300 Union Con .... 39 j
200 Gould & Curry 50!
Afternoon Session.
300 Best _ Belcher 77 700 Gould & Curry 49
500 Bullion 101 500 Mexican 64
400 Con Cal _ Va. 2*i 300 Savage 25 I
700 Gould & Curry 501 2400 Savage 26
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. Aug. B—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. [ Bid.Ask.
Alpha 03 04 Justice IS 19
Alta 08 Kentuck — 04
Andes 21 22 Lady Wash'ton 01 02
Belcher 29 30 Mexican 63 65
Best & Belcher 76 77 Occidental 22 24
Bullion 09 10'Ophlr 130135;
Caledonia 69 70 Overman 13 14
Chollar 26 28! Potosl 45 47
Challenge Con. 27 29 Savage 29 30
Confidence 85 90 Scorpion 02 — :
Con Oal & Va..2 35 240 Seg Belcher.... 07 08 i
Con Imperial .. 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 67 69 1
Crown Point .. 26 27 Silver Hill 03 04 :
Eureka Con ... 50 —.Syndicate 07 — !
Con New York. — 03; Standard 2602 75
Exchequer .... — 04 St. Louis — 12 !
Gould & Curry. 50 51 Union Con 38 39 •
Hale & Norc... 35 37 Utah 12 13
Julia 03 04 Yellow Jacket. 36 37 |
ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
Day of
Sale.
*on. Imperial —
3est & Belcher..
Fu9tlce :
}phir 1
Upha
belcher '
sierra Nevada I
:halleag3 1
rho'lar
! 42
I 67
! 65
I 75 j
! 22
I «1
I 11*!
27 j
49 1
33
SS
58
{..July 171. .Au*. 101 <H
|.. July 30 ..Aug. 2s 10
..Aug. o'.. Aug. 29! 10
..Aug. 6 ..Aug. 28 15
..Aug. 12'..S«pt. 7] 03
..Aug. 14' ..Sept. 6 10
..Am.l« ..Sept. V IS
..Aug. ..Sept. 14 10
|..Au«. 211. .Sept. 14 IS
..Sept. 3j..s°pt. 05
..Sept. 4.. Sept. 2t>! 10
..Sept. 4 ..Sept. 25 15
I
I
!
>ccidental
savajte
Jnlon
P -Mih .
tan
•RATT.TtOAD TBAV-E__
Down East !
VIA THE
"BIG FOUR"
THE ROUTE OF THE
FAMOUS
KNICKERBOCKER SPECIAL
FINEST SERVICE EVER
OFFERED TO THE
Mountains
Lakes and
Sea Side.
THROUGH SLEEPERS FROM ST. LOUIS
TO—
NEW YORK AND BOSTON .
Via New York Central.
Through Sleepers to Washington-
reaching all the health and
PLEASURE RESORTS OF
VIRGINIA.
•,-■..-•-..-.:-.'■-
C. L. HILLEARY, W. P. DEPPE.
A G. P. A, AGP A.
St. Louis. Cincinnati.
WARREN J. LYNCH,
General Passenger and Ticket Agent,
Cincinnati. O. )
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
B*" _ MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT. <
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. M.
DINING ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR. i
FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY-. DETAIL, SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. '" 62S
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE MAIN 1581.
OAKLAND OFFICE. 1118 Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE. 201 J street. -
SAN JOSE OFFICE, 7 W. Santa Clara -.tree*.,,
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
. NOITIIKKN rAHIH COM «* A NX.
(PACIFIC aim us.)
_ 'rains l«M»-« "•"«• "■•••* « !,,< ' *• *—***••• ■-*
M4*i VIIASV-SSV**.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
LEAVR — Fkou Auoust 8. 1339. — Aitniv-
-7:OOa Bcr.icia, .Suisun end .Sacra to B:4.T>p
7:'M>\ Marysville, ' >roT',ler.:id Redding via .
Woodland 2- p
7:00_ Eimira, VacaTille and Rnmsey.. _s_«P
7:U«a Hart— tea.— iß in* Vallejo. Napa,
Cal'stog- anil Santa l£c_> _.'' p
8:00 a Atlantic faprc*, Ogden and Knat.. »••".:*_
M:*tttA .Sau .lose, -.ivcrmore, Stockton,
love, (Sacramento. riaccrrille,
Marjs-fillv, Chico, Red llluir 4i|-»p
H::iw.\ -Milton, Oakdale arid fconora 4:l*»p
8:30 a Yosemite Valley Tia Oakdale and
Chinese .f"!?- 1
9:00 a Haywarils-Nilcs and Way Stations. I« " ».>a
t»:o« a. Martinez, Tracy. I_ithrop, Stockton,
Merced nd Fresno i8«I*»p
•iOWa Fresno, llakcrsliol.l Banta llailiava,
Los ADgeles, Dealing. El Paso,
New Orleans and East 8:4.-» p
10:00 a Vallj... Martinez arid Way Stations 7: ar>P
1 1 :OOa Haywar.l.., Niles and Way Stations. 8:*->P
I2:<M»m Niks, Livermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota. Hanford. Visalia,'
Pcrt-rTille i:ir»p
•1:00p Sacramento Klrer Sto-iincrs "_xOOp
3:00r Hayward.-, Mies and Way Stations. O: *"»p
«t«»t»i- Martinez, San lU_ott, Vallejo,
Napa, CaliHt.iga. Sunt i Hosa Bil.la
4i4M*r Benicia, Vacavillo, Saci.in.ei.to,
Woodland, Knights Landing,
Mary.ivUlc, Or.. rill- IO:|.~»A
4tBop Niles, Ban Jodoaud Stockton 7:l*»p
•4r3op Yoseraito Sleeping Car tor Uaymond 12:15p
0:00? The Owl. Tracy, Fresno, Bakers-
fleld, Sangus. tor Santa Barbara,
Les Angeles 9:4.. _
0:BOp Stockton. Merced, Fresno 12: 1 *»p
S:*iMi- Martinez, Tracy. Mendcta, Fresno,
Mojave and l<os Angeles Bi4.*la
ft:B«p S»i, tn )'„ ltoute, Atlantic '''-.press
for Molare aud Fast 0:43p
• :Oi»c Chlcago-Sau Francisco Special,*
and i*—it 8«r» Op
6:00p Haywards, Nilea and San Jose 7:4.» a
•8:00p Vallejo '. I2:l"}p
J7:OOp Vallejo. Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions J9«35p
6:03r Oregon i'xprt ...Hacrameuto, Marys-
Tille. Bedding, Portland. l'uget
'.Sound and East ■ **:13_,
(OAST DIVISION (Narrow i.anpe).
(Foot of Market Street.)
' J7:43a Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations l»:03p
Bxl -a Newark.C nt.rv ille, San Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek.Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 5:5»r
•2:1 Br Newark, Ceoterrllle, ban Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations *"I»:.*JOa
4ilsf San Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions. 0:20 a
MilSp Felton. Santa »'ruz and Way Sta-
tlons /9-3Q..
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIN FRtNCISCO — Foot of Uirket Street (Slip 3)—
•7:15 0:00 11:00 a.m. 11:03 *":33 ' t3:KI
•4:00 -$3:03 *6:C3r.u.
FrtmOilUND— Fool or Brc"_„a-.—"C:00 8:00 10:00 a.m.
112:30 -1:00 12:33 *3:33 ll:Cfl •5:331.M.
COAST DIVISION (Broad (.'auge). .
(Third and Townsend St^.)
• 0:10 a Ocean View, South Kan Francis.-.,. . *6xSOF
*7i<M"a San Joso and Way Stations (New ***
Almaden Wednesdays only) »8:OOa
27:30 a Sunday Excuxalon far Santa Cruz,
Pncinc Grove and Principal V/ay
Stations t*.s3**»
».OOa Han A-r ■, Traa Fluoa, Kstuta Cruz,
Pacillc Grore. Paso Itobles, San
Luis Oliispo, Surf, Lompoc mid
Principal Way Statious 4:IOp
10:410 a San Jose Way lions «::M a
11:30 a San Jose and Way Stations l:*JOp
«2:45p San Mat"", lt'.dwoo.l^_Men!o Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. Ban Jose,
Hollister. Santa Crnz. Salicas,
Monterey and Pacific Grove *10:36 a
•a:*lOp San Jose, Santa Cr.iz, Pacific Grove.
and Principal Way Stations *7:30p
•4:1 San Joae anil Principal Way Stations 0:13 a
•3:00p San Jos.) and Principal Way Stations •*:!".'' a
5:30p San Jose an.l Principal Way Stations *0:O0 a
0:30 p San Joso an.l Way Stations ."Si.lOp
f11:43p San Joae ami Way Stations **7:3Qp
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
•Bnurlay excepted. 1 Sunday only. t Saturday only.
".Saturday and Sunday . /Sunday and Monday
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN EY. CO.
LESSE3
SAI FBANCISCO AND NORTH PACIRC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbaron Perry. Poot of Market St.
RAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL
WEEK DATS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:33,
>:30, 6:10, 6:80 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trl->
ex 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— E_tra trip* at I:s*
and 11:30 p. m.
BUN DATS— B:OO. 9:80. 11:00 a. m. ; 1-0. i.ie.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a, m.; 12:45,
1:40, B:1B p. m. Saturdays Extra trips at
1:65 and 6:35 p. m. '• =
BUNDATS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 3:40, 5.-00.
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetsen Park
fame schedule as above.
Leave i Arrive
Ban Franclsoo. In Effect I San Francisco.
_ April 1«. L — • — -. .
Week Sun- 1899. I S__- Week
Days. days. Destination. ' days. Daya
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 3:40 ara
8:30 pnai 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
8:10 pm 6:00 pm' Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6._u pra.
J Fulton,
liJOan. Windsor, 10:25 aia
Heaidsburg:,
• Lytton,
Geyservlll-,
$M pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. T:35 pm 8:20 pia
f :I0 am Hopland and ' 10:25 ana
1:30 pm 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:20 d_v
1-M am' 10:85 an
i 8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
1:30 pm 6:20 pra
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 ata
and *
1:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm. 6:80 pra
T:SO am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 19 -i*> am 10:25 ara
1:30 pm 5:00 pm| I 7:35 pm, 6:23 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Spring's; at Lytton
.or Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skag_s
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
prings, Saratoga Spring., Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno.
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's,
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllie.
Booneville, Philo. Christine, Soda Springs.
Navarro, "Whitesboro, Albion, Little River,
Orr's Hot Spring., Mendocino City, Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usal. Wlllltts, Laytonville, Cum.
mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris. Olßen's, Dyer.
Bcotla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bids,
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing April -3. I!>y9.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS -7:00, •8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.:
•1:45, 3:20. 4:00. *"6:00. 6:30 p. b.
EXTRA TRIPS— Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •B:OO, »9:00. *10:00. 11:00, 11:30 a.
m.: 1:00. *1:45, *2:30. *4:00, 5:30, 6:43 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Raf'l Sundays.
6:30 p- m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— S:2S, *6:40, 7:55, 8:40. '10:20
a m. : 12:30. 2:15, '3:49. 4:35. 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAY'S— 7:OO. '8:00, »9:45. *10:45. *11:4.
a. m.; 1:00. 2:20, -3:30. "*5:15. •6:00. 7:00. 10:15
p. m. „' j-'.v ■ - '"■_,■■" '_, V
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 3:43, 6:50. 7:55. 8:55, 10:33
a m.; 12:35. 2:45, 4:55. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00. 10:20 p. m. --*_
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 10:00. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:0..
1:20 2:40. 3:55. 5:30. 6:30. 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m week _azadero and way sta'ns.
320 p. m Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
6*15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8 0" _ m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta ns.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
, VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From* Jan. 2^ 1539. trains will run as follows:
South -bound I | North -bound.
Passen- Mixed. ; j Mixed. I Passed
ger Sunday Stations. Sunday! ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd 1 Exc'ptdl Daily.
'j-20 am 110:30 am| Stockton I 3:45 pm. 6:00 :>:;.
9:10 am _:0* pmi Merced li:« pm 4:l* pi :
10:40 am 5:35 pm Fresno | »:M am 2:4. pu-
-11-3S am 7-45 pm Hanford i :io am. 1.45 pm
":" pr_!_;:« am! Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 am •:» pmt Visalia 6:40 am 1:22 pm
12:15 pm! 6:£2 prr' Tulare '5.0 am 1:0 a pin
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
inquire at Traffic Department. 321 Market St..
San Francisco. i
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23. 1899.
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
ings, arriving in San Francisco at 11:20
p. m. __
SUNDAYS. 8. 9. 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45. 2:»
and 4 p. m.
Fare S. F. to Summit and Return, $1 40.
______ COOK & SON. A_ts.. 621 Market st.
1112
DOWNFALL OF THE POLITICAL BOSS
CAUSED BY THE NEW PRIMARY LAW
Republican Campaign to
Be Guided by Best
Element.
Complete Routing of the Self-
Constituted Party
Managers.
C=r- __*, IIIRTY-THRF.E THOUSAND
votes were cast at the primary
election yesterday and the peo-
I pie achieved a triumph over
*-*-" the political bosses. The over
whelming defeat of the regular organi
zation of the Republican party and the
sweeping victory won by the Central
Republican League signify that the
Republicans of San Francisco will not
take orders from saloon bosses— they
■will not go i" the barrooms for political
guidance and inspiration.
The Republican bosses, Kelly and
Crimmins, sot what they deserved. At
Sacramento last winter, when the
manly, honest and fearless Republi
cans were making the greatest fight in
the history of California to preserve
the honor of the State in the United
States .-"rial.'. Kelly ami Crimmins
cast what little influence they pos
sessed to aid Burns and the railroad.
They have been relegated to political
obscurity where they may keep com
pany with the Mexican. Thedeath knell
of Bosses Crimmins and Kelly was
sounded when The Call defeated the
blanket ticket scheme.
At the headquarters of the Kelly-
Crimmins forces defeat was acknowl
edged early in the evening. An atmos
phere of gloom and lonesomeness settled
over the place and hardly a visitor called
to share the sorrow of the few faith
ful lieutenants who remained on guard
and hoped against hope that the bad
news that had been coming in over the
telephone since the polls closed might
be without foundation and that in the
end the lightning would strike them.
They admitted that they had been de
lea led, however— hopeless, defeated.
They did not know in what districts the
punishment had been most severe—
that did not seem to worry them. It
was sufficient for them to know that
they were no longer "'in it."
In marked contrast was the situation
at the Grand Hotel rendezvous. The
luums were crowded, figures were dis
played on the walls and congratula
tions were in order. As • early as 9
o'clock the Central Republicans had re
turns showing that they had won out
in the Thirty-fourth, Thirty-fifth,
Thirty-sixth, Thirty-ninth, Fortieth
and Forty-second districts, while the
Crimmins forces conceded them
the Thirty-seventh and Forty-first.
The only unsatisfactory news was that
Kellv and Crimmins had carried the
Twenty-ninth district by the narrow
margin of three votes.
"A glorious victory for honest poli
tics" was the cry of the winners. They
gave all the credit to the decent ele
ment of the voters of the city and
claimed none for 'themselves.
The result of the election is looked
upon as a blessing to the real Repub
lican party. It means that the County
Committee, which will in future guide
the destinies of the organization, will
have a higher and more laudable object
than controlling the spoils of office. If
the convention is equal to the occasion
and nominates representative men
there is little question but that the vic
tory at the next municipal election will
be as sweeping as the uprising of yes
terday against bossism.
The reform Democrats, under the
leadership of Gavin McNab and Jasper
Donald, have won a victory over
the boss forces which were marshaled
by Buckley, Rainev and the Examiner.
Boss Buckley made a desperate fight
to gain control of the convention, but
A_DVER_TSE_LENTS.
SKLf
HAIR
HANDS
Cleansed Purified
and Beautified by
For preserving, purifying, * and
beautifying the skin, scalp, hands,
and hair, and preventing pimples,
blackheads, red, rough hands with
shapeless nails, and itching palms,
for irritations of the scalp, and
falling hair, as well as chafings,
rashes, inflammations, undue or
offensive perspiration, and for many
sanative uses, CUTICURA SOAP,
because of its delicate emollient
properties derived from CUTI-
CURA, the great skin cure, and
the purity and sweetness of its
composition, is absolutely without
a rival.
Sold throughout tho world. Price, Cut'CURA
Soap, *_.c. ; Outict-HA Ointment. 80. Potter
Dr.ua .Mi OB_*_. Com*., Hole Props., Boston.
"All a.out the _*_!■■, Scalp, Hair & -land.," re..
snr^HE new primary law has proven the undoing of the political boss and the safeguard of.
7-MIE new primary laze has proven the undoing of the political boss and the safeguard of
decent citizens.
/ The defeat of the blanket ticket proposition by The Call was the beginning of the end of
boss rule, and the working of the primary law was the climax.
Reputable members of the Republican party had an opportunity yesterday to express their
will without- fear of having that expression nullified by the machinations of the bosses who make
their headquarters in saloons, and the result is that the convention will be in the hands of the best
clement of the party and the ticket which will be put forth by the Republican party will not bear the
taint of either corruption or bossism, but will be made up entirely of men selected by those who have
the best interests of the city at heart, and will be carried forward to overwhelming victory 'at the
polls.
Not only will the ticket be a clean one, but the men who will have charge of the party affairs for
the coming year will be selected by the same convention, and the people of San Francisco will be
treated to a campaign conducted on clean lines with but one end in view — good of the whole
city. Boss domination in the party has been relegated to oblivion, and the tax-eaters must now give
place to officials who will administer the city's affairs in a business way.
In the Democratic ranks it was a triangular fight between bosses and the Committee of One
Hundred— self -constituted manager of affairs Democratic— out against Boss Buckley on
one corner and the Rainey-Examiner boss on the other, leaving so much of bitterness that factional
lights will mar the serenity of local Democracy and help reputable citizens to gain the ascendency in
the management of the city's business through the clean ticket which -will be presented by the Repub
licans.
For these benefits the new primary law is accountable, and its present trial has shown con
clusively that the honest citizen — the reputable citizen, the decent citizen repudiated in most un
mistakable manner the domination of the "boss" in politics.
was defeated at every point. The
Rainey-Examiner league fought with
equal desperation to down the Commit
tee of One Hundred, but the political
sagacity displayed by Gavin McNab
was too much for the fat boss and his
newspaper ally.
In the Twenty-eighth Assembly dis
trict the Rainey and Committee of One
Hundred ticket, headed by J. D. Max
well, is elected: The independent ticket,
headed by Frank Sweeney, and the
Buckley ticket, headed by David
Bridgewood, are defeated.
The fight in the Twenty-ninth Dis
trict was close. Early returns gave
the victory to the combined forces of
Rainey and Buckley, but at a late
hour the claim was put forward, based
on the tally of the ballots, that the
Braunhart ticket, backed by the Com
mittee of One Hundred, would pull
through. Braunhart up to midnight
admitted defeat, but after that hour
said there was some slight hope of his
success.
One of the most interesting and ex
citing battles of the day was carried
on in the Thirtieth District between
the Buckley forces headed by Alec
Greggains and the Rainey-Phelan
combination under the leadership of
Assistant Chief Dougherty. The Thir
tieth was almost conceded to Greg
gains during the early part of the day,
but Dougherty's men made a bitter
battle and finally won the day. The
Dougherty-Greggains political feud
has become a historical event in the
Thirtieth. Years ago they did politics
together, but when Greggains left the
Fire Department he organized his
forces and opposed Dougherty in sev
eral primaries. Dougherty's sweeping
victory possibly ends the bitter fac
tional warfare which has existed in
the district for many years.
In the Thirty-first District a bitter
battle was waged between the inde
pendent forces of Tim Treacy and the
BUCKLEY SORRY HIS
"END" WAS DEFEATED
S 8
*o HRISTOPHER BUCKLEY c*
& /^y said: "I think the primary £>
•5 ii law is one- of the best things # »
*? \__-^ that ever happened to San g
& Francisco politics. # »
8 "It worked well, just as I ex- -3
*■* pected it would, and I am perfect- jj
§ ly satisfied with it. and I think the <->
r, voters of San Francisco are satis- g
£• fled with it too. •*>
0 "Of course, 1 would have liked «T
•? to have my end of the party win ?J
S on the first trial, but as it has gone £•
rt for Mr. Phelan I am satisfied that '<£*
j*> the people will have a good, honest «0
ir} set of officers after next election, i*
25 as there Is no doubt that Mr. Phe- £>
8 lan will put up a ticket that will ***
_" sweep everything in sight. He has ££
8 won a good fight on his merits, and &■
0 we must take our hats off to him. ,£»
iS Mr. Phelan owns the town." rt
O 2*
moT*o*iO\o%o\o \ o # «o\ov>%on ■«*>•
Committee of One Hundred's ticket, j
headed by J. N. Renault. At midnight i
both factions claimed the victory. The |
Renault ticket placed its majority at j
eighty votes.
In the Thirty-second District the
Committee of One Hundred is the win
ner. The same committee ticket wins
in the Thirty-third, Thirty-fifth and
Thirty-ninth districts.
In the Fortieth District is a bitter
fight between two factions of the Com
mittee of One Hundred. Hassett leads
one faction and Rock 'the other. Re
turns-indicate the success of the Has
sett faction, although E. P. Troy and
W. H. Byington are, on the Rock ticket.
Democrats who are on the Inside as
sert that Phelan's Influence caused
many Republicans in this strong Re
publican district to get in the fight be
hind the Hassett faction.
The Committee of One Hundred elects
the delegates in the Forty-first District,
defeating Rainey and Buckley. The
committee also wins in the Forty-sec
ond and Forty-fifth districts.
While the bosses, Rainey and Lani
gan, may control a block of delegates
in the Democratic Convention the Com
mittee of One Hundred's following ex
ceeds the combined strength of the
bosses.
At the Buckley headquarters, after
the result- was announced, what few
members were present wore a look of
disappointment. Representatives of the
different districts agreed that they had
had an even fight and that the silent
vote had done the work.
Buckley, ln sympathizing with them,
said: " **-_/-.= *;;-
"Well, boys, we did the best we could
and we were beaten out by a popular
young man who is the choice of San
Francisco.
"This is not a victory for the Exam
iner-Rainey combination, nor did the
Fire Department knock us out. It was
simply this: Mayor Phelan told the
community that he wanted a certain
ticket elected and the people did his
bidding.
"He is a popular young man and he
has the confidence of the people, and
there is no doubt that he will place a
ticket in the field that will sweep
everything in sight on next election
day." * '
When one of Mr. Buckley's followers
spoke up and asked what the next
move would be, Mr. Buckley said:
"The only thing we can do. boys, is
to take off our coats on election day,
fall In line and vote the Democratic
ticket."
One of the surprises In the Demo-
THE SAN FHAIn CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAYS'. AUGUST 9. 1899.
cratic camp is the defeat of the Com
mute of One Hundred's ticket in the
Thirty-eight District. Judge Wallace,
who was on that ticket, presided at the
recent Phelan mass meeting. Colo
nel Thomas F. Barry, Bert Schlesinger,
J. C. McKinstrv and others went down
with the wreck in the Thirty
eighth. Greany in this district downed
Fay of the Reform Democracy. The
fight leaves a bitter feeling.
RETURNS BY DISTRICTS.
Number of Votes Cast The
Successful Tickets.
TWENTY-EIGHTH DISTRICT—Num
ber of votes cast, 1350. Republican Coun
ty Committee delegates elected. Demo
cratic Committee of One Hundred elects
its ticket.
TWENTY-NINTH DISTRICT— Number
of votes cast, 1590. Republican County
Committee ticket elected. Democratic
delegates put forward by Committee 'of
One Hundred chosen.
THIRTIETH DISTRICT— TotaI vote.
1561. Central Republican League elects
PHELAN SAYS A FRANK
APPEAL ALWAYS WINS
C-. !**-*. HE confusion in the mind
of the average citizen, who
honestly sought the right,
JJ, was the only danger which
threatened the highly fav
orable result. The Primary Law
Itself worked satisfactorily. A
frank appeal to the people, where
every one has an equal chance,
always meets with a response
which reflects the wisdom and
right judgment of the community.
The great parties will be purified
from within, and no longer will
there be a stigma attached to po
litical activity.
The Democratic County Commit
tee has won a signal victory
which imposes on the convention
great responsibility, to which I am
sure the delegates will rise.
JAMES D. PHELAN.
delegates. Democratic Committee of One
Hundred delegates are elected.
THIRTY-FIRST DISTRICT— TotaI num
ber of votes cast, 1773. Republican County
Committee ticket elected. Democratic
ticket of the Committee of One Hundred
wins.
THIRTY-SECOND DISTRICT— Number
of votes cast. 1345. Republican County
Committee delegates chosen. Democratic
Committee of One Hundred elects Its
ticket.
THIRTY - THIRD DISTRICT — Total
votes cast, 1890. Republican County Com
mittee ticket elected. Committee of One
Hundred Democracy elected.
THIRTY-FOURTH DISTRICT— TotaI
vote, 2152. Central Republican League
elects delegates. Democratic Committee
of One Hundred successful. ■
THIRTY-FIFTH DISTRICT— TotaI vote
polled, 1723. Central Republican League
delegates chosen. Democratic Committee
of One Hundred ticket wins.
THIRTY-SIXTH DISTRICT— vote
2335. Central Republican League ticket
elected. Democratic Committee of One
Hundred elects delegates.
THIRTY-SEVENTH DISTRICT— TotaI
number of votes cast, 2600. Central Re
publican League ticket wins. Demo
cratic Committee of One Hundred wins.
THIRTY-EIGHTH DISTRICT—Num
ber of votes cast, 2055. Central Renubll
can League ticket elected. In this district
Bert Schlesinger ticket, on which was
Judge William T. Wallace, was defeated.
The ticket elected was put In the field
by Eddie Graney and sustained by the
Gallagher Club.
THIRTY-NINTH DISTRICT— TotaI vote
cast 1311. Central Republican League
ticket elected. Democratic Committee of
One Hundred ticket elected.
FORTIETH DISTRICT— CentraI Repub
lican delegates elected. Democratic Com
mittee of One Hundred wins.
FORTY-FIRST DISTRICT— TotaI vote,
2183. Central Republican League elects
delegates. Committee of One Hundred
Democracy successful.
FORTY-SECOND DISTRICT— Number
of votes cast, 1466. Central Republican
League ticket elected. Delegates of the
Committee of One Hundred Democracy
elected. v
FORTY-THIRD DISTRICT-Total vote
cast 1843. Central Republican League
ticket elected. Democratic Committee of
One Hundred ticket elected.
FORTY - FOURTH DISTRICT — Total
vote, 1826. Republican County Committee
ticket elected. Rainey Democratic ticket
bossed by George Maxwell chosen.
FORTY-FIFTH DISTRICT— TotaI vote
cast 870. Republican County Committee
ticket elected. Democratic Committee of
One Hundred ticket elected,
the Thirty-seventh show that the Central
Republican League has elected 194 dele
gates and the county committee 90 dele
gates. The whole number to comprise the
convention is 306.
The leading men of the Central Repub
lican League advanced the claim early in
the evening that their organization had
elected 194 of the 306 delegates to the con
vention.
Revised returns from the Twenty-ninth
District received at 2 a. m. show that
Buckley wins sixteen of the eighteen dele
gates. His ticket received 520. votes., The
Committee of One Hundred's ticket re
ceived 505 votes. : ".
, Official figures show that Central Re
publicans elect 217 of the 306 delegates to
compose the Republican municipal nomi
nating convention. Crimmins and Kelly
elect 89. : • . '
Short Terms.
"French Cabinet Ministers do not hold
office long," said Mr. Dukane. 'y.-tf:
"About as long as an American cook,"
added Mr. Gaswell.— Pittsburg Chronicle
Telegraph tf-^tf
McNAB GLORIES IN
THE PRIMARY LAW
£— .. — primary election law is
an assured success. It is a
reform that has done more
__• for the people at one stroke
than any legislation attempt
ed or accomplished in this genera
tion except the Australian ballot
law, and it is of equal importance
with that great measure.
The result accomplished by the
Democratic County Committee,
otherwise known as the Committee
of One Hundred, is a vindication of
its course of uncompromising and
aggressive honesty. The commit
tee took the position that it would
not recognize or compromise with
Rainey any more than with Buck
ley. They were both partners in
the same transactions. It kept its
hands clean, having nothing to do
with either of them.
Its nominees last year kept their
pledges to the people, and as far
as power lay in them gave good
government to San Francisco.
There is every reason to suppose
that the ticket which this free con
vention of reputable citizens will
nominate will be the best ever of
fered to the voters of the city. I
believe that the victory for de
cency achieved by the committee
means that the good government
for which so many have been con
tending under all sorts of dis
couragements for many years has
at last been accomplished for San
Francisco. GAVIN McNAB.
INCIDENTS OF THE DAY.
Braunhart Bitterly Fought in
the Twenty - Ninth by the
Rainey-Buckley Combine.
The Twenty-eighth District was a hot
bed of excitement, though no trouble of a
serious nature occurred. The vote
throughout the district was heavy and
rather steady. The rivalry between Buck
ley's forces and Sam Rainey's push was
keen, and at times it looked as if the two
elements would get sadly tangled up. The
Third Precinct, in front of 207 Second
street, was the liveliest polling place In
the district. Larry Conlon, Buckley's
chief lieutenant in the Twenty-eighth,
looked after the blind man's Interests in
this precinct, and Henry Healey and Jack
Greeley had the Rainey-Phelan end in
their hands. The double-cross was neatly
executed by Buck's outfit, and his dele
gates as a result were fully fifty votes to
the good. At 11 o'clock Monday night on
of Rainey's representatives entered Do
lan's lodging-house and made a deal with
Brick whereby he would turn over fifty
voters who lodged in the house for 50 cent
a vote. Shortly after midnight Larry
Conlon is said to have sat down with
Brick and raised the price to $1. At an
rate when the polls* opened in the morn
ing four hacks were driven up to the door
of Brick's lodging-house and his colonists
were given a free ride to the polls. Each
held a Buckley ticket, and it is safe to
predict that they voted it straight. John
nie Ferris, with the Fire Department be
hind him, had charge of the Rainey en
of it in the lower portion of the district.
Martin Kelly made his usual fight in the
First Precinct, at 313 Main street, and in
the upper end of the district Barney
Dougherty and Peg-leg Daly marshaled
the regular Republican forces. The op
posing Central Republican League faction
was largely in evidence all over the dis
trict, but voted silently.
When the polls closed it was though
that Sammy Braunhart's ticket in the
Twenty-ninth District was snowed under.
Rainey's adherents and the Buckley fac
tion combined and made a bitter battle
against Braunhart's ticket. "Anything to
beat" Braunhart," was the cry*.
About 4 o'clock in the afternoon a re
port was circulated about the district that
Sammy Braunhart was weeping bitter
tears at the corner of Fourth and Harri
son streets. .Matt Lally, his assistant-ln
chief, at once dispatched a messenger to
ascertain whether or not the report was
correct. The vote was quite heavy all
over the district and seemed to be evenly
divided between the Democrats and Re
publicans. Windy Dick Creighton, Tom
Brosnan and Jim Farrell made Buckley's
battle, and Jimmie Maher and Joe Plunk
ctt had charge of Braunhart's end. John
nie Glynn and Charlie Corey had charge
of the regulars, and they were given a
warm battle by the representatives of
the Central Republican organization. The
voting was done in an orderly manner de
spite the bitter rivalry existing between
the opposing factions.
A fight was narrowly averted in the
Sixteenth precinct of the Thirtieth Dis
trict early in the forenoon, the presence
of four husky policemen alone preventing
a serious outbreak. The row started over
the vote cast by John Bigelow, a Buckle
Democrat, who registered from Alex
Greggains' house. He was denounced by
J. H. Hogan, challenger for the regular
Democrats, and arrested. Greggains ap
peared at the polling place soon after ac
companied by a gang of strikers, evident
ly bent upon making trouble. Hot words
were exchanged and Hogan threatened
to brain Greggains with a chair. At this
juncture the police interfered and hus
tled the entire outfit out into the street.
In the melee one of the ward heelers re
ceived a blow on the nose that started the
blood flowing, but he could not tell who
hit him and no arrests were made. Kai
n.y had combined with the Regular Dem
ocrats, and his henchmen, under the lead
ership of Assistant Chief Dougherty of
the Fire Department, made a desperate
effort to defeat Greggains. The former
claimed a victory over the Buekleyites
early In the game. The latter, however,
put up a strong fight and Greggains
claimed he would carry the district for
the blind boss. This Is a strong Demo
cratic district and the Republicans polled
a comparatively small percentage of the
vote. The Citizens' Republican ticket had
Three - Cornered Fight
Leaves Democrats
in a Tangle.
Superior Leadership of Gavin
McNab Downs Smaller
Bosses.
UPRISING AGAINST
BOSSES, SAYS DODGE
WITH the natural feeling of
exhilaration which now
controls me it is hard for
me to collect my thoughts
sufficiently to tell how it happened.
But I will say that the new pri
mary law is one of the factors that
made the overturning of the bosses
possible. The new law is a most
unqualified success. If it were
not for the protection it gives
the voters in the way of secrecy
and by compelling all who attempt
to have a voice in the selection of
the delegates to establish their
identity and right to cast a vote,
the result of; to-day's election
might have been different. This
is demonstrated by the returns,
for in the districts that were hith
erto entirely under the control of
the bosses we have won out by the
largest majorities. ,
"I attribute our victory to the
fact that we as American citizens
believe in self-representation. The
same spirit that prompted our
forefathers to cast off the yoke of
Great Britain prompted us to-day
to cast off the yoke of bossism.
It has become revolting to the peo
ple to think that they had to go to
the polls and have pointed out to
them the men for whom they were
told they had to vote. That is what
caused this uprising.
"The Central Republican Com
mittee has no boss— no one has
had more to say in its councils
than another. We have all worked
in harmony and for what we
thought was for the best interests
of the people, and with that spirit
we could not help but win.
"I am not surprised at the result.
The people were bound to be the
victors If they were only given a
chance and the new primary law
gave them that opportunity. It
forces upon us the conviction that
the motto on our great American
dollar should be not only 'In God
We Trust,' but 'In God and the
People We Trust.'
"No railroad influence will be
felt at our convention and no such
Influence has been shown in our
campaign. If they have helped us
it has been voluntary on their part,
without our knowledge and be
cause they thought our victory
would be best for the city. No in
fluence has been back of us but
that of God and the people. I
would have been ashamed of the
city and the people who live here
if the result had been otherwise.
"I cannot say who will be our
nominees; that matter rests entire
ly with the convention. I feel con
fident, however, that our delegates
will select the best list of nom
inee- ever presented to the voters
of San Francisco. Clean and able
men will be chosen and our ticket
will be elected from the Mayor
right down the line. Last year
Mayor Phelan won by the votes of
the" very Republicans who this
year vanquished the bosses by
starting this great reform move
ment. They will cast their votes
at the next election for our nom
inees and with their support I can
not figure how we can possibly
lose.
"Care will be exercised in the
selection of our county committee.
Tt should be composed of men who ,
are ready and willing to give their ,
time to the party; to guard it i
against entanglements; to protect <
the rights of the people, and give i
the voters the fullest opportunity '
to express their will. The commit- :
tee will be composed of repfesen- ,
tative men.
"ZENAS U. DODGE."
_;.*__'._», ,T. .•..*,, *--?—?- _• ."• •}• _* ■*• ."1"I"!"*****
no opposition and but little attention was
paid to it. The Socialists also cut very
little figure in the district.
* Despite the fact that there were six
tickets in the field in the Thirty-fifth As
sembly District, not a protest or a harsh
word was heard during the hours of "vot
ing The representatives of the different
tickets in the various precincts were all
neighbors and acted in a neighborly man
ner toward each other. If a man was
seen approaching the polling place there
was no rush made to capture his vote
Instead he was greeted as a friend and as
such cast his fortunes with any ticket he
chose When the booths were opened at
6 o'clock the tide of voters began to flow
in Nearly half the ballots cast in the
precincts were voted between the hours of
8 and 10 o'clock. Fifty per cent of the
votes in the district were cast without
of bad whisky and a
sofdle? create,! considerable excitement at
the polling place of the E nty-lourtn
Precinct 2036 Greenwich' street. The sol
dier insisted upon running things In the
electlor booth, and it required the com
bined efforts of the policeman and sev
eral of the election officers to subdue him
and prepare him for the patrol wagon.
*In the Eighty-fourth. Eighty-nfib and
Eighty-sixth^.precincts there was but lit
tle outward interest displayed in the
contest, although the vote was unusually
lfl___ Most of the voters went to the
noils with the pasters in their pockets,
and after casting their ballots wandered
away as quietly and as quickly as pos-
Si The car men who voted at the polling
place at 406 Maple street were enthusi
astic upholders of the Buckley contin
gent. William Hoff Cook. Leo Parks,
fate of Oakland, and Franz Jacobv, the
insurance man. lined up on the same side.
They had practically no opposition.
WESTERN ADDITION.
The election in the Thirty-seventh As
-1 sembly District passed off quietly. With
the exception of a drunken rowdy, who
attempted to run things to suit himself
In the Fifty-fifth Precinct and who was
promptly suppressed, nothing of an ex
citing nature occurred.
■ The Republicans had two tickets in the
fieid and the Democrats three, namely,
the Buckley ticket, the Committee of One
Hundred and the Independent Democrats.
The supporters of the Buckley ticket
i worked indefatigably in the interest of
' the "blind boss.'' and at the close of the
polls they declared that the count would
: show that they had won the day.
Considerable enthusiasm was manifest-
I ed in the election in the Thirty-eighth
Assembly District. Some time before the
polls were opened motley crowds assem
bled in front of the different Dooths. ap
parently anxious to cast their ballots.
The Republicans had two tickets In the
fleld and the Democrats a similar num
: ber. The vote was unusually heavy, over
i 250 being polled before 10 o'clock. Several
political heelers attempted to dictate to
i the Judge of the election in the Sixty
j sixth Precinct, but were promptly driven
i off by the police.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. ______^~^_
SPECIAL SALE
■. OR —
HANDKERCHIEFS.
Commencing Mondau, August 7th, we
will place on SPECIAL SALE THIRTY-FIVE
HUNDRED' DOZEN LADIES' AND GENTS' '.
LINEN CAMBRIC HEMSTITCHED HAND-
KERCHIEFS. These seven cases Handker-
chiefs were purchased bu us from the CEL-
EBRATED HOUSE of J. N. RICHARDSON,
SONS & OWDEN, BELFAST, IRELAND, on-
Mau 14th of this uear, at a GREAT REDUC-
TION IN PRICE, and we will sell them
cheaper than anu similar goods have ever
been sold in the UNITED STATES.
The HEMSTITCHING in these HAND-
KERCHIEFS is BEAUTIFULLY DONE. Theu
come in three widths of hem— i, _ and 1
inch. The prices range for LADIES' from
$150 to $4.00 per DOZEN, GENTS' from
$1.50 to $9.00 DOZEN, and everu HANDKER-
CHIEF is WARRANTED PURE LINEN.
NOTE— Not less than one dozen of a *
aualitu will be sold to anu customer.
@@n*iot{ "**
. £A f Art . *
111, 113, 115, 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
ONE WEEK m =
FREE §
Treatment and Medicine *^M_ J-5
Catarrh, Deafness, lisp
NOISES IN THE EARS __j. SS _/,/
AND THROAT DISEASES ~»- ==/*■*
given to show the superior SET /
merit of mv new invention $S""JV^ -_8_ _*
and ANTISEPTIC treatment; ""-SSy * .«L
that gives many marvelous ""-j"/ **_§||__ ?
cures and is so easy a child *Js"^ _§§§9
can use it. In 1200 test cases '- ; 3 Ns *?^ w ias_|_f ;
all CATARRHAL patients a 3_§__T>
relieved and SO per cent |i J-SgjfflPr^
Deafness cured. Best of ref-
erences and hundreds of in- K-^r'^_iP**rr -".
dorsements. But the best is to try It and
be convinced while you can. FREE FOR ONE
WEEK.
Call at once or write.
DR. COTTINGHAM,
632 Market St opp. Palace Hotel. !
Hours— 9-11 A. M.,' 1-3 and 7-8 P. M.
TURKISH"
Antique/ RUGS
Select llUuO
AT
ABSOLUTE AUCTION,
TURKISH RUG CO/S ART ROOMS,
125 GEARY ST.,
Commencing
THIS DAY, Wednesday, Aug. 9,
at 2:30 P. M., for one week.
*J_r Connoisseurs and . Home and Office Fur-
nishers are invited to this Important Sale.
A. W. LOUDERBACK. Auctioneer.
Good Coffee
SMELLS GOOD
TASTES GOOD
BY JOVE
'TIS GOOD.
Great American Importins: Tea Go.
Big Presents Free.
STORES EVERYWHERE.
100 STORES.
000 0000000000000
%rmm PALACE *-"*%
%GRAND
0 SAN FRANCISCO. *7 ft
*T Connected by a covered passageway. jf
*-* Room— 9oo wi h Bath Attached. **
O All Under One Management. O
O NOTE THE PRICEP: O
O European Plan. per day and upward Q
O American Plan. s3.oo per day and upward _
Correspondence Solicited. , ■
O JOHN 0. -18-PATBICK. Manager. O
000000000000000000
r A VI 1 1 8 _ . F A fP9w^
_________
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
Faris, 3. EBPIO ; New York, E. FODQERA * CO.
SOLD BY ALL. DRUGGIST&
— — ■*"
I AUCTION
BY
YON RHEIN & CO.,
513 California Street,
TOMORROW.
j THURSDAY AUGUST 10. 189»
At 12 M. Sharp.
Cor. Post and Stockton.
SO on Post. 4S:S on Stockton: X. E. cor.—
One of the finest retail and professional office
corners In San Francisco: rents $1500 monthly
I lf rightly improved.
FELL, NEAR MARKET.
<— x i2o 22 Fell St.. X line. '. block from
j Market, Polk, Van Ness and from end of New
I Panhandle.
MONTGOMERY, NEAR JACKSON-RENTS $176.
-,0:9x137: 6— 812-814 Montgomery: 3-story and
basement brick and iron: 2 stores and 56 rooms.
PINE, NEAR LARKIN.
50x137:6—1330 Pine; 87". ft. E. of Larkm: old
Improvements, hut a splendid lot; sunny; good
frontage; full depth; fine renting and central
locality.
FOURTH-STREET STORE AND FLAT-RENTS $50.
26x80—339 Fourth st. sunny side), near Clara;
rent now reduced to $50.
PACIFIC. NFAR TAYLOR.
22x68:9—1009 Pacific; 2-story and basement
house; 8 rooms and bath; street accepted.
HARRISON, NORTHEAST OF SIXTH.
27:6x85—964-966 Harrison, 137:6 N. E. of Sixth
st. ; 4 flats in front and rear house of 5 rooms.
HARRISON, SOOTH OF NINTH.
30x70— 1309 Harrison, S. line; S. of Ninth St..
adjoining the corner of Dore St.. with dwelling.
LARGE CORNER* FILLMORE AND GREEN.
68-9x87:6— S. E. cor. Fillmore and Green;
accessible by 2 lines of cars to all parts of the
C ' ty ' HOWARD. BET. FIFTH AND SIXTH.
"2 6x80—920 Howard; 25 ft. E. of Mary St.. be-
tween Sth and 6th; cottage of 5 rooms and rear
house.
TWENTY-SIXTH- STREET COTTAGE.
24 x 90 —3105 .lit!- St.. -5 feet Wo Harrison;
4 rooms and bath; near Cogswell School; facing
Garfield Square.
DON'T MONKEY
with a poor laundry, if you want first-
class word done, or you will get the
worst of it. We use nothing but tho
best soaps and washing materials,
hence your linen lasts longer, looks bet-
ter, keeps fresh longer, and gives more
' * *Tr"'*-"
general satisfaction when done by our
perfect methods. No "saw-edges."
The United States Laundry. Offlca
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
Oakland Office. 54-2 .Eleventh St.
E '^patents!* 3
VJS^3O MARKET ST. "sj.'^SSr
:ciiF["imLisi£_
Vail».« _£_£. .***<*