VOLUME LXXXVI- NO. 165.
BOERS ARE CLOSING IN ON
THE BRITISH STRONGHOLDS
Decisive Battle Is Expected at
Ladysmith Daily, for the
Transvaal Forces Have Lit
tle Time to Strike.
Invading Troops Are Also Hammering at
the Defenses of Kimberley and Mafeking.
Colonel Keith-Falconer of the Northum
berland Fusileers Killed.
CAPE TOWN, Wednesday, Nov. 8, night.—Dis
patches from Kimberley show that the town was vig
orousiy attacked ut two different points. It is re
ported that one of the British force and six Boers
were killed. It is believed here that the Boers sur
round the town in force.
DURBAN, Natal, Wednesday, Nov. B— The war
ships have landed a naval brigade with twenty guns
for the defense of the town. The brigade marched
through the town amid the greatest enthusiasm,
LONDON, Nov. 1 1. — As each day and each week of the war
draws to a close without a decisive action at Ladysmith
probability that the Boers will risk an assault upon that
garrison becomes, it is said, more and more imminent, in fact
it i^ claimed that the campaign seems to have reached a stage
where it is absolutely necessary for the Boers to deliver a telling
•ke. Unless they decide to do this their only alternative is to
retire within their own lines and strengthen themselves against
the impending onslaught by superior numbers. That the latter
course will be followed without first making a determined at
tempt to oust or capture General White seems beyond all rea
son, for the methodical isolation of General White's force indi
cates that the campaign has been carefully prepared and the
main objective definitely fixed. Even if the Boers have already
' ivered that they have underrated General White's capabil
ity of resistance it is thought scarcely likely that they will give
up their expected supremacy without a desperate struggle. It
is too late for them to change the main objective. .Mobile as
are the Boers they could scarcely transfer the body of their
forces, which are at present concentrated about Ladysmith, to
any other vulnerable point without running the risk of encoun
tering superior numbers, which are already pouring northward.
Moreover, any weakening of the Boer force at Ladysmith would
give General White a splendid opportunity of attacking, and,
even against overwhelming odds, he has shown no hesitation in
accepting every opening for assuming the offensive.
The Boers must know just as well as the military authori
ties that twenty-three transports will arrive in South Africa be
fore November 18. They must also realize that their time is
short, for in the present emergency it is believed General Bul
ler will not wait to organize an army corps, but will content
himself with rushing to the front every regiment he can dis
of.
T. n ,  . . v.-i ♦r.ning of either G»neril
rout or G-eneral
"White's capitulation, it is clnimed. can be
It is thought more than
like!' • i&ement understood to
mminent v. • the most
Ff-rir ' the war. If victory
Mrs with Genera] Joubert It will be a
re General Buller cafi
ite with him the possession of Natal,
for while It is still perfectly •■
pr-nd reinforcements to General White it
would apparently be absolutely impossible
- tme the off< nsive w< n
White no longer a military factor. The
n of the railroad bridge over the
i River would greatly retard the
of minor reinforcements.
It would much more seriously affect
nward march of a British force of
any ; tions. 1 towever, th< re is no
■ h to believe Ladysmith has not a
rice to withstand more
: Boer attacks. General White's
ability to hold his own until now and the
- . ■ • ■ .'
lone much to restore conil
. In him.
IT General Buller continues to send
I mrban and disembark troops
■ era) White will only have to
[1 .t fortnight !>• fore he is rein
:, at any i ■•• the rein
forcements create a diversion of the B ler
CAPTAIN KENNEDY, Royal Engineers, Who Is in Charge
of the Wireless Telegraphic Department at the
Front.
The San Francisco Call.
forces. But it is impossible to predict
with any degree of exactness when the
troops will disembark on. account of thr
idiosyncrasies of transports, several of
which have developed a remarkable
penchant for breaking down because their
boilers or other essentials were
worth!'
Among the military rritics what is most
dreaded is the possibility that General
White may succumb to thf> pettiness of
ial inclinations, which in the his
tory of the world hf?s so often influenced
the actions of the greatest generals. On
this score the Naval and Military Record
Bays:
"It look? as though General White will
not be content to await the arrival of re
inforcements and the supremacy of Gen
eral Buller. But the spirited soldier, who
n K.Lch command over the whole In
dian army, might be pardoned for being
Blightly influenced by private ambitions."
Nearly all the authorities, while with
holding definite criticism until further in
- i • . 1 1 is obtained, fail to understand
why General White did not fall back be
hind the Tugela, thus drawing the Boers
■ (;■■ arms of General Buller.
it is . ■ c to suppose thai th< i tov
ernmei t of Natal exercised Influence over
Genera] White, and is in no little degree
nsible for his gallant yet from a
strategic point of view doubtful efforts to
SAN FTtANCISCO, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1899— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
hold the neck of Natal. But even then It
is admitted that no general has been ex
onerated In history merely because he al
lowed his actions to be hampered by a
civil government w which he was not di
rectly responsible. Naturally there Is a
great division of opinion on these points.
It Is learned that one of the remarkable
Innovations In warfare will shortly be
>! in South Africa- lieutenant
Foulks, a young officer of the Royal En
gineers, sailed for Cape Town October 11
to put photographs to uses hitherto con
sidered Impracticable, which, if success
ful, will revolutionize the methods of mil
itary reconnoissance. I-irlefiy summed up,
Foulks' proposition is to indicate the ex
act position and formation of the Boers
by moans of telephoto pictures. He takes
out an equipment of his own invention
and Is attached to General Buller's staff.
AN EXPERT'S
OF THE WAR SITUATION
LONDON, Nov. 11.— Reviewing the mil
itary situation as it stands to-day the
military expert of the Westminster Ga
zette says:
"It is hardly too much to say that the
attention of the civilized world is now
fixed on the situation at Ladysmith. On
the developments of that situation in the
immediate future rest our hope of speed
ing the conclusion of the war. If Sir
George White can maintain his position
up to November 26, or pertiaps a day or
two longer, the danger in Natal will be
ended. Should he fail to do so he will
be compelled to abandon his guns and
stores and r^tiro with heavy loss to the
southward, only to be brought up by
broken bridges and Boer forces In posi
tion on Tugela River.
"It is impossible to predict what may
happen. In considering the situation, to
put it shortly, the weak point in White's
position is that our men and horses must
be enduring daily an ordeal which can
not improve their fighting efficiency.
Though we are told provisions are in
plenty, yet there is danger that the am
munition, especially ammunition for his
big guns, may run short.
"Pnder these circumstances it is now
clear that Sir Redvers Duller has deter
mined to send Lord Methuen's division,
consisting of the Guards Brigade, under
Sir. W. Colvllle, and the English Brigade,
under Major HiMyard, to Durban, with
orders to break through the Boer south
ern OUtpoats at. Pietermaritzburg or at
Colenso, and joia hands with General
White. Unfortunately, the assembly of
this division at Durban will be a matter
of some little time."
In discussing the reported acts of
treachery on the part of the Boers, the
Westminster Gazette's military corre
spondent proceeds:
"When an act, which must necessarily
brand the perpetrator with infamy, is de
liberately committed with no possible ex
cuse of hot blood or 'if turmoil and con
fusion of a great battle, we are entitled
to assume that such obloquy would not
be incurred without some prospect of
great and immediate advantage. What
possible advantage could the Boers gain
from the destruction by artillery fire of
a number of refugees whom they had just
handed over to our charge, doubtless with
tlie object of embarrassing General White
with a number of additional mouths to
fee,!? It must also be remembered that
these Boer guns— for the allegation is dis
tinct that the outrage was committed by
guns and not by riflemen— are mounted
BULLER REPORTS THE KILLING
OF COLONEL C E. KEITH-FALCONER
LONDON, Nov. 11. — The War Office has received from General Buller the following dispatch:
•»C/\F»E TOIA/IN, F"rlday, Nov. 10.-A reconnoltering force from
the. Orange River had a skirmish with the enemy to-day about
four miles east of Belmont. Casualties— ln the Northumberland
Fuslleersi Colonel C. E. Keith-Falconer, Rilled; Lieutenants F\
Bevan and H. C Hall, wounded. In the North Lancashire Regi
ment t Lieutenant C. C. U/ood and two privates, wounded. This
is the only report to hand."
The War Office has also received the following from General Buller:
"CAPE TOWN, Friday, Nov. 10, 10:20 a. in.— The following message has been received from Colonel
Kekewich:
" 'KIMBERLEY, Monday, Nov. 6.— The wounded are progressing satisfactorily. Two unarmed na
tives have been shot by the Boers at Alexandersfontein. The conservancy post to the south of the Kimberley
reservoirs has been missing since November 4. It is supposed to have been captured by the Boers. Browne of
Beaconsfield, having ridden beyond the bars yesterday, is missing — it is supposed captured by the Boers. The
situation otherwise is unchanged.' "
The following addditional announcement was made by the War Office this afternoon:
"General Buller wires to-day at 10:15 a. m. that Colonel Kekewich reported Nov. 8 that the bombard
ment of Kimberley, Nov. 7, did no damage and there were no casualties."
The War Office has received the following dispatch from General Bullsr, under date of Cape Town, No
vember 11, afternoon:
"With reference to my telegram of the 10th, Colonel Gough, with two squadrons of the Tenth Eussars,
a battery of field artillery and one and a half companies of mounted infantry, found about seven hundred of the
enemy with one gun in position about nine miles east of Belmont. He engaged the enemy with his artillery
and sent the mounted infantry to the enemy's left flank to discover their laager. The losses reported yesterday
occurred during this operation. Colonel Gough engaged the enemy for about three hours and then returned to
camp. The death of Lieutenant Wood has just been reported,"
BOER FORT AT BLOEMFONTEIN.
at a great distance, probably some three
or four miles, from our pickets. Do not
all these considerations point to the fact
that the shots wore fired through ;i mis
understanding, su< h ;i* might equally
have occurred on uur side? So thai with
out further evidence we ought not to con
vict the Boers of wilful inhumanity and
gross violation of the laws of war."
BOER REPULSES AT
MAFEKING REPORTED
CAPE TOWN, Nov. s.— New? received
from Mafeklng, undated, says that on
Monday the Boers shelled the town. One
Boer gun was knocked out of action and
the Boers retired, but were reinforced,
attacked agiiin and wore again repulsed.
Tuesday they shelled the Congan Kopje
with little damage. "Wednesday there was
a general attack under the cover of the
artillery, but it was repulsed by the Max
ims and Uotchklss guns. The Boer loss
was fifty killed. The British loss was
slight. Thursday shelling by a heavy gun
was renewed and the Boers massed with
the intention of making an ajtlai 1". l-ut
this was prevented by a thunderstorm.
Friday there was desultory rifle fire and
an occasional shell, but there was little
loss of life, due to the excellent shelter
In the trenches. The health and spirits
of the troops are good.
ALIWAL NORTH DESERTED
AND DEFENSELESS
CAPE TOWN. Nov. 7— lt Is reported
that a Boer force from Smithfield has
crossed the frontier at Bethulie. It is
estimated to be 4000 strong, with field
guns. The latest advices are that the.
Boers had not entered Aliwal North yes
terday, but that the Besstekral force of
Boers was momentarily expected. It is
said the Boers have already captured
some police and others on the nut skirts
of the place and that Aliwal North is de
serted and defenseless.
The railroad has boon cut at Vryburg,
two stations south of Aliwal North.
Another Boer force is reported to have
marched past Burghersdorp toward
Queenßtown.
The Transvaal contingent, which was
expected to joint the Free Staters be
tween Springfontein and Bethulie, is re
ported to to delayed by want of horses.
COLENSO WAS FOUND
ABSOLUTELY DESERTED
ESTCOTTVT. Natal, Tuesday, Nov. 7.—
An armed train manned by an engineer
ing staff and a company of the Dublin
Fuslleers under Captain HetlSley returned
here to-night. It reports that it found tho
stores at Frere looted, apparently by Kaf
lirs, and met. cyclist patrols, who r< ported
that the Boers were on the Springfield
rond, five miles away. The train pro
ceeded cautiously and found the Blue
spruit bridge intact.
Tin' train frequently stopped and Cap
tain Hensley examined the road ahead be
fore proceeding. Nearing Colenso, t'ap
tain Hensley inspected Fort Nicholsen
and proceeding found the line cut a mile
south of Colenso. Two lengths of rail on
each line had been lifted and placed out
of gauge. From information obtained
from Kaffirs, it appears that the Boers
left the vicinity of Colenso early this
morning, proceeding in the direction of
the Buluwan Mountain, and that Captain
Hensley found Colenso absolutely de
serted. A balloon was observed for sev
eral minutes hovering over the Boer posi
tions In the mountains. It was presum
ably a British balloon from Ladysmith.
The natives here are undertaking the
safe delivery of dispatches inside Lady
smith.
BOMBARDMENT AND
ATTACK ON KIMBERLEY
PRETORIA. Nov. 7.— The bombardment
and attack on Kimberley started this
morning 1 .
BARKLEY WEST. Nov. 6.— A dispatch
received from Kimberley says: "General
Cronje sent a message to Colonel Keke
•wich, calling on him to surrender before
6 in the. morning to-day, otherwise the
town would be shelled, the women and
children remaining at Kekewich's risk.
The Boers, it was added, surround Kim
berley in great force with heavy artil
lery."
QUEEN VICTORIA TALKS
TO DEPARTING SOLDIERS
LONDON. Nov. It.— Sunshine so bril
liant that it compelled Queen Victoria to
resort to a sunshade for protection greet
ed her Majesty's return to Windsor this
morning, when she inspected three de
tachments of the Household Cavalry
hound for South Africa. The Royal Horse
Guards and the Second Life Guards had
journeyed up from London, joining the
First Life Guards. Amid scenes of great
enthusiasm the troops formed in two
lines, unmounted, in khaki uniform. An
immense crowd of people witnessed the
assembly. Brigadier General Trotter, the
district commander, with his full staff,
conducted the inspection. After the march
past the officers were ordered to the front
and the men were formed in a mass, close
to the royal carriage.
Then addressing Colonel Need, in a
voice plainly audible to the officers, the
Queen made a speech. She said:
"I've called you here to-day, my sol
diers*, who are always near me, to say
farewell before you cross the seas to a
distant r^art of my empire to assist your
comrades who are fighting so bravely for
your sovereign and country. I know you
will always do your duty as heretofore,
and 1 pray God to bless you and give you
a safe return."
After tlie speech h<- Majesty beckoned
to Colonel Need, and when be advanced
the Queen shook hands heartily with him.
The colonel assured lit r Majesty that she
: could depend on the Guards to uphold the
1 honor of the Queen and the country. Col
; onel Need then led three cheers for the
Queen, and 500 helmets were raised high
on the points of swnrds and carbines. The
cheers were repeated again and again,
and the band struck up "God Save the
Queen," her Majesty driving off amid the
cheers of the spectators and the troops
' present.
The Government has chartered the
steamers Victorian and Maplemore for
use as troopships.
The First Infantry battalions under or
j dors for South Africa left England to-day,
and the last of the Hussars also sailed,
leaving the Household regiment the only
cavalry still to be dispatched, and last.
but by no means least, the First Battery
of the howitzer artillery has started.
Great things are expected of the howitzer
battery, of which there are only three in
' the British army. These 5-inch breech
News From South Africa Indi
cates That the Boer Invasion
of Northern Cape Colony Has
Been Commenced in Karnest.
Detachments Go Around to the South of Ali-
wal North and Destroy Communication
by Cutting the Telegraph Line and
Tearing Up the Railway.
LONDON, Nov. ii. — To-day's news from South Africa in
dicates that the Boer invasion of the eastern part of North
ern Cape Colony seems to have begun in earnest last Tues
day. On that day a Boer commando was moving in the neigh
borhood of Aliwal North. Detachments had gone round to the
south of the town, as the telegraph line had been cut and the
railway torn up, destroying communications. Boers were seen
close to De Aar on the same day. Colesburg also reported the
invading forces approaching.
Confirming this advance of the Boers come dispatches to
the Secretary of State for War to-day with news of a skirmish
near Belmont, eighteen miles north of the Orange River station,
on the Kimberley line, in which Colonel Cecil Keith-Falconer
was killed and four lieutenants were wounded. As Belmont is
fifty-three miles south of Kimberley as the crow flies and eighty
six miles north of De Aar by the same measurement, it would
appear that a strong force of Boers has established itself on the
main line of communication from Kimberley south to Hope
town, De Aar and Cape Towti.
The wounded officers include some of the North Lanca
shire Regiment. It is not stated what was the British column's
strength, but it is believed it was probably a full battalion com
posed of the North Lancashire Regiment and Northumberland
Fusileers. This information is the first that has been received as
to the whereabouts of the Northumberland Fusileers since they
landed. It is clear that the Boers are assembling on the Orange
River in great numbers, and everything points to this district
becoming eventually the theater of fierce encounters.
The absence of fuller news from this region is taken to in
dicate that something important is happening there. It is quite
likely that before long developments there will throw the Lady
smith situation wholly into the shade.
Durban is now the center of preparations for the relief of
Ladysmith. A naval brigade from the cruiser Terrible has been
landed. Other warships either in port or expected shortly will
do the same. Within a week fully six thousand men will arrive
on transports and the forward movement to reinforce General
White will begin.
No news of any further fighting in Ladysmith has been re
ceived so far. As is known Ladysmith can hold out as long as
required. It is stated that there are unexpected stores there,
which will astonish the Boers when they deliver their attack. In
the meantime the guns sent up to defend the town are silent,
either because they have not been successfully mounted or from
a desire to husband ammunition. Efforts are being made to
restore communication by means of the heliograph.
loaders are claimed to be of a superior
character and expected to be particularly
serviceable in removing the Boers from
the hills.
BELEAGUERED AT KIMBERLEY
LONDON, Nov. 11.— A dispatch from
Cape Town, dated Wednesday, November
8, states that the American miniaturist,
MAJOR GENERAL BABINGTON, Commanding the First
Cavalry Division of General buller's Army.
PHICE FIVE CENTS.
Amelia Kussner, is among the' be
leaguered people at Kimberley. The dis
patch adds that Mr. Rhodes is sitting io
her for a miniature.
CABELL TO BE SURGEON.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 11.— At the in
stance of Mrs. whitelaw Reid and other
American ladies who are interested in2
HILL'S WORLD-BELTING
TRANSPORTATION SYSTEM
Links in the Proposed Line That Is
Intended to Rival the Canadian
Pacific.
MINNEAPOLIS, Nov. 11. -The Journal to-day outlines what It says is
Jnmes J. Hill's grout scheme, ; realisation, for a world-belt
it i. transportation system rival the < Pacific. The links in It are:
rpool to New York, * North Atlantic Steamship Company, pres
stem; New York to Chicago, 1000 miles, Baltimore and Ohio, in which
Mr. Hill Is Interested already; Chicago to M. 450 miles, Wisconsin
.1-, which he is credited with the intention of buying; Minneapolis to
era; Seattle to Hongkong, 6150 miles, Great
.•'rn Pacific Steamship Company, for which a fleet of 12,000-ton ships is
to be built. Tl ne would thus be 12,500 miles long, or half-way
ti, and It would take thirty-one days to journey by it from
Liverpool to Hongkong.
fitting out the British hospital ship Main.'
rvice In £
iary of War has i leave of ab
to Major Julian w ■ l of the m<
may accept the. posi
tion of sui-.i--.on on that vessel. Ho will
leave New Jfork next Wednesday for Eng
land.
SOME AMERICANS OBJECT.
LONDON, Nov. 11.— Tho raising of the
funds for -the American hospital ship,
bidding fair to be successful, has been
marked by some division of feeling in the
American colony. It has been learned
that several Americans have declined to
contribute, for while sympathizing with
the object, they said they believed the
methods of raising the subscription had
resulted in much obnoxious social, busi
ness and self advertising. An American
official in London said to a representative
of-. 'Associated Press:
"It is an excellent idea, but many of
these American women who are doing bo
much for England were among those who
last year sympathized with poor Spain,
opepk . they hop.-.
: -whip us, jus: because that feeling
was -fashionable among a certain London
sat at that time. In my mind their ef
forts, would have been much better spent
if they had got up a subscription :
Philippines hospital ship, where our own
fellows are getting wounds."
TO WITNESS THE WAR.
LONDON, Nov. 11.— Captain Stephen
I'll iriimed im of the Eighth
• i military at
tache at ' States « mbassv In
been designati
watch the. operations of the Kritlsh
- In South Africa on b< half of his
■ on board the
British tr.. lumbian. The other
foreign attaches sailed on the bavarian.
PRISONERS WELL TREATED.
DURBAN, Nov. 11— The Government
has receive,! leti Colonel Schiel, j
■
Laajrte-, In beha Hollander pris
oners, expressing gratitude for their kind
ajid'huma- Boers and
British, he says, are ti 'tlyalike.
bis appre
n of the civility and humantiy of '
the British authorities at Ladysmith and
Pietermaritzburg.
TROOPSHIPS ARRIVE.
LONDON, Now 11.— It Is officially an
nounced that the troopships Yorkshire,
Linsmore Castle and Aurania have ar
■ . . ■• • trooj
two Bi ned Immediately
proceeded to Durban. It is supposed the
Au ran la's troops will be landed at Cape
MEN AND GUNS OF TERRIBLE.
DURBAN, Natal, Nov. 8.- A large
>f iiL-n and guns from the British
first-claps cruiser Terrible has started tor
the fr
FAITHFUL TO THE BRITISH.
MASERU, Nov. 7.— The Basutos con
tinue faithful to the British and have re
fused to :eap the Free State crops, which
are rotting.
AMERICAN SUBSCRIPTION'S.
L< INDON, Nov. 11.— The subscriptions
toward fitting out the American hospital
ship for service in South African waters
now amount to £H.ii'"> <$72,500).
ARRIVED AT CAPE TOWN.
LONDON, Nov. 12.- It. is officially an
:ed that the troopship Hawarden
Castle has arrived at Cape Town with
1010 tr.oups.
CLEVELAND IN PORT.
Last Vessel to Leave Nome for the
Season.
SEATTLE, Nov. 11.— steamer
Cleveland,' the last vessel to leave Nome
and St. Michael for Seattle this season,
arrived in port to-night. She reports the
steamers Alpha and Albion the only other
craft at either port. The Albion expect
ed' to sail for San Francisco November
1 and the Alpha intended to start for
Vancouver, B. C, five days later. No
vessels were found at Dutch harbor. ,
No news was brought of the steamer
Latin: wrecked on St. George Island
September 28, although an unconfirmed
rumor was in circulation at Nome that
come of the wrecked ship's houses had
been washed away.
W. H. Bearcroft, a native of New York,
died on the Cleveland at sea November
4. He had two sisters— Mrs. Anna Knox
of firewater, Mass., and Mrs. Ltbby
Cook of California.
ST. ENOCH OVERDUE.
Fears That Yellow Fever Has Broken
Out Aboard Her.
PORTLAND, Nov. 11.-The British ship
Bt. Enoch, from Panama for Portland, is
FACSIMILE OF HEAD OP CASK.
TRADE MARK.
From
DUFF CORDON & CO.,
Port St. Mary's, Spain. •
• CHARLES MEI>TECKB & CO..
'▲state Pacific Coast, 314 Bacr&mento Str*«t,
ban Francisco, CaL
I out 116 days and much anxiety is felt re-
I garding her. The feeling of apprehension
| is not so much regarding the safety of
| the ship -is of the men aboard her. Yel
low fever has been raging at Panama
and the entire crew of some of the ves
sels going to that port have perished.
The Coriolanus, which left Panama
about the same time as the St. Enoch,
lost ten in.- 1! in the port and live men
. just after leaving there, being compel. i i
to put back for others to take their
I places. The St. Enoch was spoken near
. ly fifty days after leaving Panama and
i in that time had hardly got clear of the
i port. It is feared that her long delay
in that fever-infested latitude, together
with lack of fresh food, has caused an
epidemic of fever on board and that the
ship, if she is still afloat, is drifting
around the ocean without enough men
alive to work her.
RECEPTION TENDERED
COMMANDER SHAW
Said the Pension Department Was
Unjust in its Efforts to Keep
Down Pension Expenditures.
NEW YORK, Nov. 11.— Albert Shaw,
i coinmander-in-chief of th< - Army
of the Republic, was tender* d a r< cep
ti'in in the Seventy-first Regimeni
ory to-night by the 120 G A H posts of
Greater New York and vicinity. Fully
:■■■•- - itives of the various posts
were present. Commander Shaw spoke
on the .success of the pensions, saying In
part:
"Henceforth veterans should demand
and exact justice under |
ents alnng the lines of pensions. The
war produced two classes— in a sense, the
loaned money and :
to the nation, and the brave
defenders, who loaned their bodies and '
lives to save the Union. One has been
amply and grandly paid in the full mea
• : gold values of the world; the
has hardly been half paid, measured by
the same standard."
Hr claimed an Injustice had been done
by the Pension Department In its efforts
to keep down pensio: .res.
NO PLACE SELECTED
FOR THE GUILLOTINE
Paris Officials Worried Regarding the
Execution of Gouizy, Martin and
Burgert, Murderers.
Special Cabli I Call and the New York
H«rall. Copyrighted, 18»». by James G"r
don P>nn»>tt.
PARIS, Nov. U.— M. Delbler. public ex
ecutioner, will guillotine three murd
Their names are Gourzy. ?»'
and Burgert. It is a question, how
where the executions will take place. La
Grande Roquette Prison has been evacu
ated since last spring. A committee was
ilnted to choose another place for
capital punishment. It found a piace in
Rue Messier, near the prison l)e I,a
• the principal councilor of the
Quarter protested, so no piace was subse
quently decided on.
The prisoners named were taken to La
Grande Roquette, where they are ail
alone In the famous prison, all the others
having long ago been transferred to the
new prison at Fresnes.
WARDNER PRISONERS
START FOR SAN QUENTIN
United States Marshal Leaves With
Ten Men Recently Convicted
and Sentenced.
MOSCOW, Idaho, Nov. 11. — The closing
scene of the day of the Coeur d'Alene
miners, convicted of delaying the United
States mails, was enacted to-day, when ,
I'ntted States Marshal Ramsey and six ''
guards left with the ten prisoners, bmmd
for the United Si ' — prison at San Quen
tin, Cal. They are under sentence of
twenty-two months' Imprisonment, with
the exception of Dennis O'Rourke. who
will serve twenty months. By good be
havior tho men can reduce their sentence
sixty days. They were also lined by the
court $10"0 each, but they may be relieved
of this by taking the paupers oath.
SENATE WILL TRY
CONSPIRACY CASES
Offices of La Croix, Conducted by
the Fathers of the Assumption
Order, Searched.
PARIS, Nov. 11— The Senate, sitting as
a High Court, was occupied to-day with
the arguments for and against the compe
tency of the Senate to try the conspiracy
cases. Eventually the Senate, by a vote
of 157 to 91, declared Itself competent to
try the conspiracy cases.
There were domiciliary visits here and
in the provinces to-day in connection with
the conspiracy cases. The offices of La
Crotx. a paper which is conducted by the
fathers of the Assumption Order, 'were
searched.
QUARREL ENDS IN MURDER
C. M. Keyes Jr. Shot and Instantly
Killed at Muskogee.
MT'SKOGEE, Tnd. T.. Nov. 11. — C. M.
Keyes Jr., dlrecto-r of the bank of Checo
tah, Ind. T., and son of C. M. X
commission merchant of the National
Stock Yards, St. Louis, was shot and
killed to-day at Checotah, Ind. T.. by \y
L. Robbins, collector for Spaulding &
Co.. of Checotah, with whom he had quar
reled. Robbins has disappeared. Keyes*
father has been telegraphed for.
WORKMEN DISCHARGED.
General Reduction in the Force at
League Island Navy Yard.
PHILADELPHIA. Nov. 11.-A general
reduction of the force of the department
of construction and repair at the League
Island Navy-yard has beeen made. Of
the 380 employes 102 have been discharged,
and It Is believed that more will follow.
Naval Constructor Linnard says tho
reason for the cutting d'>wn Is a "lack of
funds to keep all the men employed, al
though there is plenty of work for the full
force.
JIMENES NOW RULES.
SANTO DOMINGO. Nov. 11. -Congress
to-day iir-irluimed Senor Jlmeneß Presi
dent of Banto Domingo and Senor Vaa
quez Vice President. They will enter Into
office December 1, when the constitution
will undergo a change. The country Is
quiet and business Is improving-.
Suicide in Jail.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 11.— James J. La- '
france, a house painter, aged 40 years, a
native of California, was found dead to
day in a cell at the City Prison. He had
committed suicide with morphine. Last
night he had threatened to end his life.
and his brother had him taken into cus
tody for safe kpeping. When he was
searched at the fail the officers failed to
discover the poi.«on.
Pr Parker's Cough Cure. One dose will «top
• couch. Utrmr falls. '£x>: % 26c. Ail druggists.*
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1899.
LONG LOST DAVIS
WILL IS FOUND
Was in the Custody of Miss
Wilson, Who Now Offers It
for Probate.
OMATIA. Nov. 11.— The lons-lost will of Multi-millionaire Andrew J. Davis of
Butte, Mont., came to light to-day. This will has been sought for ten years
almost, and will now be offered for probate in the courts of Butte, Mont. There
is a woman in the rase, and she is after her share of the Davis millions. Her
name is Mary C. Wilson and she resides in <"'hicago. The case is given to the
public through an Omaha attorney, W. A. Saunders, who leaves here to-morrow
fur Hutte to tile the will for probate.
Mr. Davis was one of the wealthiest men of Montana, and when he died In
the spring of 1890 his estate was valued at $6,000,000. The latest will found was
dated In LB6&, and the heirs immediately plunged into litigation. The case was
in the court more than six years and some of t lie most prominent lawyers of the
country were engaged on each side. James M. Woolworth, president of the
American liar Association, and Colonel Robert G. Ingersoll were engaged on the
i] some time. In^ersoll 13 said to have received more than $I<XI,OOO as his
fee. Various bequests are made in the will just brought to light. One provides
for (100,000 for ;i public library in Butte, Mont. Several relatives of the million
aire are mentioned for like amounts, among them being "My dear friend, Mary
C. Wilson of Chicago."
Miss Wilsons connection with the case extends back to 1889, when the alleged
ns paid to handsome young Miss Wilson by the 80-year-old millionaire
the talk of the town. Affairs came to such a pass that It was represented
is thai provision should be made for Miss Wilson and a lineal descendant.
Then it was that the will was made and intrusted to the care of the young
woman. Miss Wilson has made her home in Chicago for some years. No reason
is given by her for not filing the will earlier.
Other bequests under the will are made to Henry A. Root, a nephew, residing
in N«-w York: Erwin Root of New York, $100,000; Mary Louise Dunbar, residing
near Springfield, Mass., $100,000; and $200,000 to Calvin Davis, a brother, supposed
to live In San Francisco.
The light for the property under the old will was carried on from ocean to
ocean, and now bids fair to have been for naught. Many side litigations eman
ated from the parent suit, and some of them are still In court
With the tiling of this will at Butte application will be made to admit It
to probate, and the appointment of an administrator will follow as a matter of
form.
MANEUVERING TO
CATCH AGUINALDO
Attempt Being Made to
Surround Him.
♦
EXPEDITION TO THE NORTH
•
WHEATON SENT TO CAPTURE
APARRI.
«
American Commander Seeking to
Hem in the Insurgent Leader
and Prevent His
Escape.
♦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Nov. 11.—
In order to prevent the escape of Agui
naldo from Bayombong, General Otia will
b end a tibn to capture Aparri, on
the north ■ Luzon, ami, after es
tablishing Ita base at this port, the ex
pedition will be conveyed in cascos and
light draught vessels down the Rivar
Cagayan and Its tributary to Bayomboug.
<,r to whatever point at which Aguinaldo
may have established his headquarters.
This expedition probably will be under
command of Brigadier General Wbeaton,
who has occupied San Rafael ami is un
der orders to proceed against Dagupan.
Before dispatching him to Aparri General
Otis will reinforce his command, so that
it will be able to destroy any bands of
hostile natives that it may meet and have
ample force to crush Aguinaldo's army
when it is finally brought to bay.
erals Lawton and .due Arthur will so ar
range their lores as to keep Aguinaldo in
the north of Luzon until General VVhea
ton gets into position, when the three
commanders will bring their forces to
bear upon the point at which Aguinaldo
may be located.
Genera] <>Us is expected to send sev
eral tinclads with the expedition, as they
will be useful in protecting troops during
the passoge down Cagayan. It had been
expected that General Wheaton's expedi
tion would make a short cut across moun
tains to get to the north of Aguin
but General Otis lias concluded iliai the
wiser plan i.s to st-nd his command by
transports to tiie north of Luzon and to
have Generals Mac Arthur and Lawtou
guard the smith.
It has become evident to the officials
that it will be extremely difficult to catch
Agulnaldo. It is pointed out that with
the long coast line of the island it would
be an easy matter f.,r him to enter a
small sail boat and get away and naval
that if he is captured it
will be by the navy and nol by the army.
The departure of Aguinaldo from Luzon,
officials believe, would simplify matters,
as he is recognized as the head of the
insurrection and his absence would un
doubtedly greatly disorganize the rebels
and render the suppression of the Insur
rection all the easier.
Consider;) iiW- dl -atisfaction is felt by
the War Department at General Otis'
conduct with reference to the cable with
which it is Intended to connect Manila and
the military posts in the I'hilipplne archi
pelago. Although Brigadier General
Greely, chief of the signal service, began
preparations a year ago for laying a cable
In the Philippines, actual work has not
yet commenced.
The cable ship Hooker, carrying a cable
valued at $90,000, and cable instruments
valued at $26,000, was wrecked off Correg
Idor Island last June, and General Otis
cabled that she could be saved. Part of
the cabl<> was removed, but the remainder
and the Instruments were allowed to re
main in the ship, and it is believed here
that the Instruments are ruined. After
the vessel had lain on a reef for several
months General Otis finally made a con
tract for raising her. The work of the
wreckers is stated in this dispatch from
General Otis to-day:
"Impossible to save the Hooker. Con
tractor will save cargo. Quartermaster
will remove fittings of value. Sell wreck
at auction "
\\ I ether General Otis will place the
cable and cable instruments, If the latter
are still Qt tor service, on a transport
and direct thnt the work of laying the
line be commenced, the authorities do not
know.
The necessity of a military cable In the
Philippines is appreciated by the War De
partment. To the posts this Government
has established in the Sulu Islands mail
is sent only once a month, unless trans
ports be proceeding in their direction, and
this delay In communication is often most
embarrassing, and would be more so.
rtment officials say, if the insurrec
tion in Luzon :-h tuld extend to the Sulus.
Had General Otis, immediately after th«
as wrecked, taken the necessary
precautions to save the valuable cable in
struments and to lit out another vessel to
lay the line, the officials believe that the
work by now would have been com
menced, and It would not have been long
before the cable would be in operation.
General Otis has not communicated his
plans respecting the cable to the depart
ment.
RECENT DEATHS IN THE
RANKS OF AMERICANS
WASHINGTON, Nov. 11.— General Otis
to-day reported to the War Department
the following deaths:
Oedema of larynx, November 6, James
Horace Cook, Company A. Ninth Infan
try; trammatic cerebral hemorrhage, Jo
seph Pierce, recruit. Twenty-third Infan
try: apoplexy, 4th, Ell Price, Sixth Artil
lery; chronic dysentery, Bth. Gottfried El
f'.ngang. Company C, Fourth Infantry;
chronic diarrohaa, James Hamilton, ser
geant. Company li, Twenty-llrst Infan
try; nephritis, Michael Walsh. Company
H, Twenty-first Infantry; aortic anexu
ri;tm, 7th, Samuel W. Dlttlsot, Company
HJ, Sixteenth Infantry; acute dysentery,
11th, Martin lleffron. Company I, Four
teenth Infantry.
W. W. Aster's taxes In N»w York this
year were $406,908. *:*. :■<*--,^:;
SANTA CRUZ POWDER
MILL AGAIN BLOWS UP
Patrick Hughes, a Workman, fll iss
ing, and Was Probably Killed.
Special Dispatch to The Coll.
SANTA CRT'Z, Nov. 12. -The people of
Santa Cruz were awakened this morning
early at 12:15 by a terrific explosion at the
powder works. Swinging doors and creak
ing of glass plate windows occurred. The
report was the loudest ever experienced
by the people of this city, as the glaze
mill, where the explosion occurred, Is sit
uated in the lower flat, a mile below the
Othi r v.orks.
• ■ c man, Patrick Hughes, Is missing.
He Is the only man at work at night in
this part of the powder works. He is
night watchman, and as the glaze mill
almost runs itself it is his duty to visit
it only at stated times.
About five thousand pounds of blasting
powder went up, as this mill is where the
finishing touches are put to the powder.
It is hauled from the Corning mill in the
upper flat to the glaze by tram cars for a
mile. There is always on hand one cylin
der of powder, which consists of forty
barrels, and each barrel contains 125
pounds.
GENERAL OTIS TELLS OF
MOVEMENTS OF TROOPS
WASHINGTON, Nov. 11.— Three impor
tant dispatches from General Otis were
ed at the War Department to-day,
showing the hardships and difficulties en
countered by our troops in their advance,
and giving a captured insurgent dispatch
showing the line of argument put forward
to sustain the insurrection. The dis
patches are as follows:
"MANILA, Nov. 11.— Severe typhoons
over Panay the last two days impeded the
marcn of General Hughes' troops. His
column Is several miles north of the west
of Iloilo. The insurgents have aban
doned sirnng defenses In that direction."
■•.MANILA. Nov. 11.— Lawton is pushing
troops through on the Lupadlmgan and
San QuenUn roads, but the country is
submerged. The bridges and recently
constructed rafts were washed out, and
wheel transportation cannot move. His
reliance is on cavalry, a few infantry
mpn and native scouts living mostly in
the country. Mac Arthur commenced an
early advance this morning. Yesterday
two companies of the Seventeenth Infan
try, under Chynoweth, making a recon
noissance on the Malalong and Concep
tion roads, struck a battalion of the en
emy, which left twenty-nine dead on the
field. Our casualties are reported as three
wounded."
'•MANILA, Nov. 11.— A number of offi
cial in.surgt nt dispatches were captured
yesterday by General Young's troops in
the north and forwarded by Lawton last
night. They indicate the directed aban
donment by the enemy of the country in
the vicinity of Cabanatuan and San Jose,
and hurried movements by way of Tay-
Ing over the mountains to Bayon, thence
to Afiirra. Among the dispatches the fol
lowing appears:
" 'TARLAC, Nov. s.— Otis did not accept
mir proposition. The enemy attacked out
posts because Otis promised McKlnley to
take Tarlac to-day. Think they cannot
)'i»-;ik through. Take care of the prison
ers, as therein lies our great hopes, espe
clally for our wives. The Spanish Com
missioners tried to deceive us, dealing
with us as insurgents. Our government
sent them away and they withdrew
greatly displeased. The quadruple alll
ance between Germany, France, Russia
and Spain is a fact. Before December we
will know our fate. Throughout Europe
there Is sympathy for our cause, and the
American Democrats are clearly in our
favfjr. They are sure of Bryan's triumph
at the next election. Pay attention to
your affairs and never mind the rest.' "
Road to Copper River.
SEATTLE. Nov. 11.— Captain W. R,
Aocrcrombie, United States army builder
of the military road from Port Valdes to
the Interior of the Copper River country,
returned to-night on the steamer Al-Kl.
He says he has completed a highway for
a distance of eighty-five miles from the
ii>:ist which is easily navigable for men
anil horses and much of the distance Is
a wagon road. The Government. Captain
Ahf-rcromble stated, can complete the
road next season.
Episcopal Mission.
MERCED, Nov. 11.— The Rev. Daniel G.
MacKinnon, S. T. D.. dean of the San
Joaquln Convocation of the Episcopal
church and rector of St. John's Church,
Stockton, who Is conducting a series of
missions throughout the San Joaquin Con
vocation, opened special services at Mer
ced last night and was greeted by a large
congregation. The eloquent young pulpit
orator, speaking without notes, stirred the
people on the subject of loyalty to the
church.
Befuses to Surrender "Black Jack."
DENVER, Nov. 11.— A special to the
News from Santa Fe, N. Mex., says: Gov
ernor Otero to-day refused to honor the
requisition of Governor Murphy of Ari
zona for the delivery of Tom Ketchum,
the notorious outlaw, known as "Black
Jack." to Sheriff Munds of Tavapal
County, Arizona. Ketchum will therefore
be tried in New Mexico on the charge of
train robbery, for which death is the
punishment, and three minor indictments.
Governor In Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 11.— Governor
Gage arrived In this city this morning.
He refused to be Interviewed. He Is un
derstood to be her* on private business.
DEGENERACY DUE TO
FOOD ADULTERATION
Professor Hart Tells a Senate Committee
That the Human Race Is
Retrograding,
NEW YORK, Nov. 11.— Senator W. E. Mason of Illinois, of the United
States Senate Committee on Manufactures, began a session of the committee
here to-day. The committee adjourned until Monday at 10 a. m., when Sena
tors Wetmore of Rhode Island and Harris of Kansas, the other members of
the committee, will be in attendance.
The subject of to-day's examination was the adulteration of beer, ale and
porter. Only two witnesses were called. They were Gallus Thomann of the
local Beer Brewers' Association and Professor Herbert W. Hart. Mr. Tho
mann said that the brewers of the United States were much opposed to any
adulteration of beer and spoke of the disinclination of the brewers to send
exhibits to the forthcoming Paris Exposition. They argued, he said, that
without using preservatives it would be impossible for them to send beer
that would compete with the product of local brewers.
Questioned by Senator Mason Mr. Thomann said he believed that the
foreign beers imported here in bottles were preserved by antiseptics, prob
ably salicylic acid. Mr. Thomann said that the sale of beer so preserved
was forbidden in Bavaria, but there was no law preventing the preserva
tion of beer for sale without the country.
Professor Hart declared that every college should have a chair of dietet
ics. He said the persistent adulteration of all classes of food was respon
sible for the present degeneration of the race and would be responsible for
a future generation of idiots.
White bread Mr. Hart declared to be the scourge of humanity, and he
said he would sooner eat the cheapest bread made in the dirtiest part of
New York City than the best aerated bread manufactured. He advocated
the use of whole wheat bread and said that the appetite for beer was a
result of the craving of the system for the life-giving elements that are taken
from wheat by its manufacture into white flour.
Mr. Hart said that he would prohibit the use of glucose in beer and
that he would suggest a law compelling brewers to tell on their bottle labels
the component parts of the liquor in the bottles.
When the explosion occurred the lights
in the entire works, as well as the elec
tric lights in Santa Cruz, went out. and
the entire mill closed down. The work
men went to the place where the explo
sion occurred to remove the debris, etc.
The shock in the vicinity of the powder
works was very heavy and a number of
panes of glass in the windows of the ele
gant Peyton residence were broken.
Around the yard where the mill is sit
uated was a high board fence about fif
teen feet high, which was knocked flat
by heavy concussion.
This mill was a frame structure and
blew up a few years ago. At that time J.
Brown was in the mill and was killed.
The mill was situated within one hun
dred feet of where the Sacramento com
pany of California volunteers were en
camped when they guarded the powder
works during the Spanish war. It 1b
thought that Patrick Hughes was killed
in the explosion.
HOBART'S CONDITION
FURTHER IMPROVED
Was Able to Sit TJp end Partook of
Three Hearty Heals of
Solid Food.
PATERSON. N. J.. Nov. 11.-Vice Presi
dent Hobart spent a comparatively easy
day. He was able to eat three meals,
consisting largely of solid food, and his
friends are greatly encouraged in conse
quence.
The friends of the Vice President here
in Paterson and his most intimate politi
cal associates deny the story that he has
expressed a desire to have Attorney Gen
eral Griggs succeed him as Vice Presi
dent. They say that Mr. Hobart, having
formally withdrawn from politics, is not
willing to give out any expression what
ever regarding the Vice Presidential sit
uation.
STRUCK AN ICEBERG.
Steamer Dora Has a Narrow Escape
From Destruction.
PORT TOWNSEND, Nov. 11.— The
steamer Al-Ki from Alaska brings news
of the collision of the steamer Dora %.-ith
an iceberg in Cross Sound on the night
of November 4 while on her way from
Valdes to Juneau. When she struck
she began to fill so rapidly that she was
at once headed for the shore and
beached, but not before the men in the
flreroom were standing waist deep in
water. She was beached at high tide and
patched when the tide went out. so that
she was able to reach Juneau, where Phe
Is undergoing repairs. Her passengers
included Captain Aberchombie, U. S. a.,
and his family and Lieutenant W. C
Babcock, Eighth Cavalry.
Cubans Like General Wood.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Nov. 11.— Great
enthusiam has been aroused among the
Cubans in the province by the announce
ment that General Wood is to be ap
pointed to the Governorship of the island
when a civil government is established,
and prophecies are made that under him
the injustices which have so long been
practiced In the provinces will be cor
rected.
Cut His Throat.
SEATTLE, Nov. 11.— Samuel Ritchie,
once a prosperous real estate dealer and
lumberman of St. Paul, committed sui
cide here this morning by severing his
Jugular vein. The reason la said to be
despondency. He was about 60 years of
age and before coming to Seattle owned
a lumber yard at Grand Forks, S. D. He
was a widower and leaves two daughters
in Los Angeles, Cat., and a brother In
San Fran nisco.
STUCK IN TREE TOP.
A Coon Hunter Spent a Night 100
Feet Above the Ground.
Wlille out coon hunting- one night re
cently Ernest Ditton, 18 years old, of
Rose, ascended a tall pine tree destitute
of branches by the aid of a pair of
climbers.
Ditton reached a branch almost at the
tnp of the tree, and attempting to adjusc
one of the climbers dropped it to the
ground nearly 100 feet below. He called
down to his companions, but they had
nothing with which to aid him. It was
bitterly cold up In the big tree, and Dit
ton's hands became so numb that it was
feared he would fall before help could be
summoned. While one of his companions
remained at the foot of the tree shouting
up words of encouragement the other
started off for assistance to the nearest
farmhouse, two miles distant.
After much searching another pair of
climbers were secured and with a long
rope the relief party started back. They
were lost in the woods, however, and it
was necessary to wait for daylight before
the imprisoned man could be reached
One of the party then ascended a neigh
bouring tree and managed to swing the
climbers across to young Ditton. who was
so cramped that it was with the greatest
difficulty he eventually reached solid
ground. Ditton had spent ten hours ii
the treetop.— New York Times.
A Massachusetts lunatic imagines he is
the discoverer of the north pole. It is just
possible that he at some time tried to
make love to a Boston girL
REBEL FORCES
MEET DISASTER
General Figueredo Re-
ported Killed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PANAMA, Nov. 11.— Official advices
from Buena Ventura state that there hare
been several engagements in the interior
departments between the Government
and revolutionary forces in which the
rebels were defeated. The battles were
fought in Lerida and Tocaimo. It is re
ported that in the latter place General
! Zinon Figueredo was killed and several
prisoners were taken.
; In Piedeeuosta and Bucaramanga
i V.?, nerals Ramiiiez Melendez and Vicente
\ illamizar, leading the Government
i troops, are said to have defeated insur
gents under General Padilla and Frazer
Ihe latter was killed in action
Governor Minis Duran, who is now both
military and civil chief of Panama, has
received official dispatches from General
bantos, Minister of War at Bogota, recog
nizing his efficient services under pre^nt
cirrumstanco S and approving all measures
taken by the local government under the
Governor's direction.
LAND GRANT REJECTED.
Supreme Court Decides the Rancko
del Chino Tejano Case.
DENVER. Nov. 11.-A special to the
News from Santa Fe. N. Mex., says: The
I'nited States Supreme Court to-day con
firmed the judgment of the Land Court in
the Rancho del Chino Tejano grant case,
rejecting the grant. The grant included
33.696 acres situated near Albuquerque
ana was claimed by Cassandra E. Baird.
This decision disposes of the claim finally
In the Alamitous or Juan Sal as grant
the Supreme Court dismissed the appeal
taken by the T'nited States and the de
cree of confirmation of the Court of Pri
vate Land Claims becomes final The
grant is on the Galisteo River, in Santa
Fe County, and was claimed by lion T
B. Catron and Mrs. Kate Sullivan.
RAILROAD TO BE SOLD.
Decree for the Sale of the Clover Leaf
Route Signed.
CINCINNATI, Nov. 11.-Judge Taft of
the United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals to-day signed a decree directing the I
sale of the Toledo, St. Louis and Kansas
City Railroad, known as the Clover Leaf ■
Route, by the Master Commissioner on a
day hereafter to be fixed, but not later ' !
than February 1. 1900. The usual notice
to all creditors and interested parties was
prepared for publication in the jmpers of
New \ork, Ohio, Indiana and Illinois
Fatally Injured at Football.
ST. LOUIS, Bio., Nov. 11.-John Allen
of Springfield, Mo., a member of the
Christian Brothers 1 football team, was
fatally injured in a game here to-day
with the St. Louis University Alumrii
eleven. In a mix-up Allen fell with a
nalr-aozen players on top of him receiv- I
ing a concussion of the brain. Ip to a ;
late hour to-night physicians' efforts to '•
resuscitate him were unavailing
Forbes Defeats Dougherty.
CHICAGO, Nov. H.-Clarence Forbes of
Chicago knocked out Dan Dougherty of
Philadelphia in the sixth round before the
Chicago Athletic Club to-night.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A panacea for
A panacea, a cure for all Colds, is the
only word that nearly describes "SEV-
ENTY-SEVEN" for Grip and Colds—
you don't have to distinguish between
a Cough and Bronchitis— between a
Sore Throat and Diphtheria— between
Influenza and Catarrh — Between
Hoarseness and Laryngitis or Clergy-
man's Sore Throat— between Pleurisy
and Pneumonia, because "77" cures all
Colds. As soon as you realize that you
have taken Cold, and every one knows
that, take "77" at once; It restores the
checked circulation (known by a chill
or goose flesh); starts the blood cours-
ing: through the veins and "breaks up"
the Cold.
Manual of aM Diseases sent free.
For sale by all druggists, or sent on receipt
of price, 25c and $1 00.
Humphreys' Homeopathic >**B-<ne Co., cor-
net William and John sts.. NeflFH^k.
"An Empty Sack
Cannot Stand Upright "
&{jeithe* can poor, 'weak, thin blood
nourish and sustain the physical system.
For strength of nerves and muscles there
must be pure, rich, vigorous blood.
Hood's Sarsaparilla is established as the
standard preparation for the blood by its
many remarkable cures.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
*•••••••-+■+•••••• , ■„
FACTS
: SPEAK FOR
: THEMSELVES. ||
4 ASK THOSE WHOM WE HAVE "
CURED WHETHER THERE IS ANY '
I VIRTUE IN THE FLECKENSTEIN "
1 TREATMENT FOR DISEASES OF "
11 THE NOSE, EAR. THROAT, LUNGS, "
" STOMACH. LIVER, ETC. "
:: "||j| |
:: - '-ii.. i> " x \
1 ' Mrs. Rastedt, 416 Francisco . street, ' '
I II City, says: •'Six or eight years ago I •
, ii contracted caturrh of the head, which < •
| c caused ulcers to form in my BOM and »
I severely affected my throat, also lm- 
" pairing my hearing. There was a con- 
♦ tlnual roaring and hissing noise In my 
i ears like escaping steam or falht'K
1 1 water, and I began to fear that my 7
 hearing would leave me entirely. This t
, condition went on until it involved my ♦
stomach. I could eat almost nothing, k
" and what I did eat caused me to swa'.l
" and bloat bo that I was in misery all
' the time. I became so w.eak that I ' '
♦ could scarcely walk. I wan utterly "
4 disgusted with doctoring, as I had tried "
i so many physicians without any bene- i
i fit. An acquaintance who had been
troubled- with a condition . similar- to m
T mine and who had been, cured at the 
" Fleckenstein Institute advised me to 
' ' begin their treatment; and I resolved to , ,
" do so, with but little' hope or receiving ,
( any benefit. Now, however, after a
1 ' short course of treatment at their In-
i ■ stitute, I am pleased to say that I • '
ii consider myself permanently cured. My ."
i , hearing has been- fully restored, and <<
i, my stomach gives me bo trouble - what- "
i , ever." . . "
♦ A* ma a month is' the total ex- 
1 lk I II P en seof treatment for any
k lJlil|IJ II chronic aliment or malady.
I w •»■ v and mci nc i U( 3es all medicines '
1 and appliances and our constant care "
" and attention until cured-. :■•■■'- ■' "
i PATIENTS LIVING AT A DI3- "
1 tance can' be successfully treated by the '
i aid of .Dr. Fleckenstein's symptom o
ii blanks and patients' record sheets, sent
i free on application. -," ' .
! CONSULTATION FREE. !
It will coot you nothing to write or M
call on us and have a diagnosis made
• of your case, an Jaonest opinion what '
I can be done for it, and If curable, how "
1 ' ' long it will take.
II THE FLECKENSTEIN ||
: MEDICAL INSTITUTE, j
',[ EMPORIUM BUILDING. "
* 825 and 855 Market Street, ;;
* Rooms 515 and 516, Fifth Floor..- "
II Office hours — From 9 a. m. to 12 m.; "
'I from 1 to 5 p. m.; evenings. Tuesdays t
•,, and Fridays; Sundays, from 10 a. m. to I
0 12 m. »
♦ ... t «...■» t t . t . t ... t ...?
I FORTUNES
IN OIL!
_
CONTINENTAL OIL AND
DEVELOPMENT CO.
(Incorpoated.)
I 8 ONLY JIN OIL!
CONTINENTAL OIL AND
DEVELOPMENT CO.
(Ineorpoated.)
ONLY 6000 SHARES,
of which 1000 were put on /.he
market and over half sold the first
ten days. : ' . •
This is a genuine opportunity for
an oil Investment. The- Company
owns by United States patent
five twenty-acre tracts in the ■ •■ !
"OIL BASIN,'"
Kings County, the richest oil bear-
ings in the entire belt. ' •• . ' \
We have made arrangements for.
the latest improved machinery and
will shortly be boring for oil. at
■ which time stock cannot be had at
1 any price. . • :•
NO ASSESSMENTS.
A. E. RUpELLi, Sec.
222 Sansome street. ;
I WILLIAM COKBIN, Pres.
BbMsssssssMHKEHMSs^HbssMssMsßßM
I
' At Auction.
TUESDAY, .
TUESDAY NOVEMBER 14, 1899,
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON.
At Our Salesroom, 633 Market Street,
CORNER RESIDENCE.
NW. cor. (No. 142) Castro and Fifteenth sts.;
large, elegant modern residence of 11. room*
and bath and basement; lot 55x120.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
Easterly side (Nos. 7. 7Vi, 11. IU4) Wi St.,
bet. Twelfth and Thirteenth, Folsom and Har-
rison: 4 flats of 4 and 5 rooms; rents $ii 50; lot
45:5x75. . ■
FIFTEENTH -ST. FLAT?
N. side (8.76-78) Fifteenth St.. 103 E of Noe;
2 well-built flats of T, and 6 rooms and bath
and basement: rent $30: lot 25x113.
MANUFACTURING SITE.
PR. cor. Mission and Fourteenth -ts. ; 2-story
frame bulldlnc and brick building (Nos. ISOI to
1807 Mission st.); lot 160x170.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE. ' .
N. side (No. 1810) Pine st., 220 feet W. of
Gough; 2-story bay-windowed house .of 11
rooms and bath; lot 10x137:6.
WESTERN ADDITION BUSINESS LOT.
W. «Ide of Flllmore St.. 97 feet S. of Bush;
lot 25x100.
SHOTWELL-ST. FLATS.
W. side (Nos. 622-622%) Shotwell st., 155 feet
N. of Twenty-first; 2 flats of 4 and 5 rooms
and bath; rents $30: lot 80xl22:&
BTANTAN-BT. LOTS.
N. Bide Stanyan.st.. 75 feet N. of Sullivan;
60x107:6; N. side of Sullivan St., 107:6 W-. of
Stanyan, 55x137:«.
FORECLOSURE SALE.
W. side (No. 134) Bartlett St.. 120 feet N. of
Twenty- third: cottage of 6 rooms and bath and
stable; rent $20; lot 40x125:6. .■■■■;■
MISSION RESIDENCE.
W. side (No. 2708) Howard st.. 70 feet S. of
Twenty-third; elegant residence of 10 rooms and
bath; lot 40x122 :«.
ARMT-ST. HOME.
S. side (No. 1846) Army St.. 95 feet E. of
Church: modern home of 7 rooms and bath;
rents JlB ver month; lot 25x114.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
Auctioneers, 638 Market st.
. Wid3r Can, SLOOinTwTO LIMIT FIRE
TO FORTIFICATIONS
Officials Trying to Pre
vent Bombardment.
•
REQUESTS MADE TO CASTRO
•
THIS GOVERNjYTENT CANNOT
FORCIBLY INTERFERE.
«
International Law Prevents Repre
sentatives of the Powers From
Checking the Fight Between
Venezuelan Factions.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON, Nov. 11.-
Minister Loomis in Caracas and Com
mander J. N. Hempbill, commanding the
cruiser Detroit, will by peaceful means
endeavor to prevent th.> bombardment of
the town of Puerto Cabello. Venezuela,
l>y the forces of General de Castro. Com
mander Hemrhill has been directed to
uec his Influence with the commander of
the attacking- lore to spare the town and
centralize his fire upon tho> fort overlook
ing the town in which the troops under
Gt-n.eral Pared es are barricaded.
Minister Loomis has been directed to
make the proper representations to Gen
eral de Castro, telling him that in the In
terests of humanity and to prevent blood
shed ujiionp non-combatants he should in
struct his subordinate to limit his lire to
the fortifications controlled by the enemy.
Instructions to Minister Loomis and
Commander Hemphill followed the ad
vices received from them in relation to
the situation. The. text of Minister
I/iomi.V dispatch was not made public,
but the information It conveyed Is con
tained in these dispatches from Comman
der Hemphill:
"LA GUAYARA. Nov. 10.— The Detroit
lias sailod for Puerto Cabello. Castro
will attack that place to-morrow, Novem
ber 11. with land aJid sea forces. He lias
notified all leg-ations. Foreign warships
are assembling there."
"PUERTO CABELLO. Nov. 11.— The
Detroit has arrived. The situation will
remain unchanged until November 12."
to Ca
■
■ -.
necessary notl
mbard re
:! law, and it would
■ v. . the offl
force
•■•nween Gen
• • my.
JOE KERB. AS KAWXSEAW.
-ts His ex-Nurses for Swelling
His Grocery Bill.
known barkeeper at
brilliant record
Lth last night by ar
ro^w ■■ . a 14-year-old
1 landing: them
Mrs. Crowley and her daughter were
employed as nurses at the Kerr family
jnansioji until two weeks ago, when their
services being no tiger required they
were paid and dismissed.
After their departure Mr. Kerr was pre
sented with a bill from the grocer which
far exceeded In amount the usual cnarges
and on investigation he found that
poods were charged for that had never
been delivered to th*» house. One Item of
r.ecent date was ordered by and delivered
to the ex-nurses by the grocers, who
knew not of their release from the retinue
of servants of the Kerr household. In the
hope that the Crowley family larder
might need replenishing: in the "near fu
ture Mr. Kerr asked the grocer to tele
phone to him If the Crowleys ordered
any more groceries to be paid for with
his hard-earned money. The result was
that Crowley and her daughter, con
sidering the approach of Christinas, vis
ited in the grocery and ordered enough to
last a family until after the charter was
In effect and charged it to Mr. Kerr"s ac
count.
Mr. Kerr was notified and rushed to the
scene. Mrs. Cravrtey tried to explain that
the. goods were for "the poor soldiers in
the Philippines." but Mr. Kerr, being an
anti-expansionist, 'couid not see it that
■way, and without undue ceremony hus
tle j the Crowleys via street car to the
City Prison, where he charged the of
fenders -with obtaining goods under false
pretences.
Old merchant Dies Suddenly.
• ■
evening In
■
" :!•>;) rt
■ ■ ' ■ tit of
-
■
■
■
C ag-o
r-n.
■tlted a Child.
Lucido Francisco, an -Italian fisherman,
was arrested by- Sergeant' Chrlstianson
and posse last evening and charged at the
California street : lice .■ station with p.
." A D VE3TTSKMEXT S.
Sorosis
oJ^^^^^^^^-^t the finest
tfis rest
shoe skill, the most refined taste
and the closest attention to style.
The element of shapeliness has re-
ceived important consideration in
the -designing of Sorosis, so that
they make any toot look well,
whether it is large or small.
Every proportion of the shoe is in
harmony.
Thousands of satisfied customers
now Wear Sorosis. We have 35
styles, in Patent Leather, Box
Calf, Vici Kid and Russia Calf.
Always JjsQ,£)fJ Pair '
SOLD EXCLUSIVELY
AT
50 Third Street,
Second. Shoe Store Below
Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
K-.V AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD &
CO Furop«*a plan. Room*, 60c to II 60 day;
Jsto $S week; j< to 110 month. Free baths: hot
; nd cold water every room; tire grate* In eT»rjr
room; elevator run* ail nl«lit.
WILKINSON CHOSEN
WARDEN OF FOLSOM
Was Commissary of Supplies and Gate
Keeper During Warden Hale's
Term.
THOMAS WILKINSON, THE NEWLY ELECTED WAR
DEN OF FOLSOM PRISON.
PAX QT-EXTIX PRISON, Nov. 11.—
The deadlock prevailing in the Board of
State Prison Directors over the selection
of a Warden to succeed the d<
Charles Anil as head of the r
penitentiary was broken to-day by the
election to the position of Thomas Wil
kinson of San Francisco, who was com
missary of the prison under Mr. Hale.
! The board did not reach a d< cisi >n in the
i matter until late In the afi toon, and
it was believed by all that Folsom w v .
be without a Warden until the next
lon of the < : :- ■ I
During the morning session only routine
business was transacted, and the w
shin problem was not tackle. l until 2:30
;p. m. At dinner the boai
- to A .... and the q -
cations of the various candidates were
discussed at length, but wlthou
i nite result. At tin n ex-
Commlssary Wilkinson's name was
id in nomination by Hayes,
i and that of Captain of the Guard
;K, J. Murphy. Warden pro t< m
pore, by Director Devlin. To the
rise of everyb idy four mem
bers of the board voted fur Wilkinson,
J viz.. President Fitzgerald, Directors Wil
horrible crime. He is accused of having
assaulted the 5-year-old daughter of
Vlncenxo Muscarella, a laborer residing
at 818 Vallejo street about a week ago.
The child is now In a precarious condi
tion.
National Union.
California Council at Its meeting last
Tuesday night had an Increase of mem
bership, five strangers being admitted by
the amplified form of Initiation. The
beauty of the ceremony and the for of
the lessons of charity and fraternity
taught by the ritual produces a very fa
vorable effect on the initiates. The les
sons taught were during the evening fur
ther exemplified by the council voting to
allow the committee on visitation of the
sick to provide for the family of one of
Its members who has been sick for four
teen months and to provide good cheer for
any of the families who may be In dis
tress. This council has to the extent of
its general fund been exceedingly liberal
in carrying out the precept that it is
its duty to assist a fellow member in dis
tress, showing that it practices what It
preaches.
Daughters of St. George
Britannia I.,nd«?e No. 7 of the Daughters
at St. Oeorge has moved to Templar Hall,
Pythian Castle, where hereafter
the meetings will be on Monday nights.
■ embership alone oeie
reunlon li
business was over, by a jolly c>>. >d
Including various games, sli .
■ ry efforts. Mesdames G. Muhl
■• Price. >i. Jeweti and M. C
mmittee on refreshments,
rise in the shai f Icecream and
, which were i ; and en-
T!u- p!o;, Ing was brought
• . a close by all the members clasping
rcim: "Auld 1.-intr Syne. '
Choppers' Friendship Club
Thru th« Choppers' Friendship Club, n
Blclt ; nch of the Woodm<
.■. orld, Is ;is Its merits an I
known in the order hoo.imir.fr popular Is
evinced by the fact that at every meeting
to the membership
. day night five wen
mined by initiation.
Order cf Americus
At the meeting of San Francisco Coun
cil No. 14. held last Monday In Red Men's
Hall, there was the initiation of one can
didate. The proposition to tender a ban
quet at one of the first-class rotlsserles
and a night at the Columbia the same
evening to all members who shall during
the current month or December Intro
duce a candidate who shall become a
beneficiary member was discussed and
commended. It was also spoken of as a
novel and pleasant method of drawing
attention to the order and enthusing the
I ershlp to do active work. The mem
ber? of the council in Berkeley will have
an opportunity of taking advantage of
the offer.
The Ban Francisco Council accepted an
r.fr'.-r ■ end Rev. I >r. Alexa
church on the nitwit of tho ioth of De
cember, wh« '
mon on the principles and the bei ■
work of the Order of Amerlcus.
Independent Foresters.
Since Court Yerba Buena pave It?
■■.ir iT'.fr." 1 party" recently It lias been .'."ins
a I :ni:-.^ business. It has now m ■!■••
than a doxen candidates who will
the court by Initiation next T-:
--nisrht. A commit I
A.very, Hook. Keller, Petroschka, Nevlna,
Miller and Melnhardt has been appointed
to arrange for the initiation in the ampli
fied form. A large attendance of the
membership and of visitors is looked f.>r
on that nlßht.
S^vfral ox the local courts are arrang
inp for BOdal events f.>r the winter sea-
Bon, ir.oludhyr another trolley ride
Companion courts arc being .>rt:an:zo.l
by ('diirts Yerba Buena, l'r-><ita and
Diana in this city and bj th< irta in
. Barbara, San !>;•'£'■ I ■ and
San Pedro.
The Chosen Friends.
| On the night of the 2d inst. Social Coun
l cil tendered a reception to Supreme Rep
tative Gibson, and it was a pleasant
■ affair, which was followed t>y a choice
collation. Among the prominent members
nt were Past Supreme Councilor Ar
-1 nold the guest of honor. Past Grand
, Councilor Koehm. Grand Recprder Wal
lia mid Grand Treasurer Miss Clara Mo-
The following night Pacific Council had
a large and enthusiastic meeting, when
the recent changes in the laws were ex
-1 plained by Grand Recorder Wallis and
I others.
Graad Councilor "W. H. Savagre, accom
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1899.
' kin=. Hayes and Ray. Director Devlin \
a Murphy.
\ soon v- President FUr.g-ornM fle-
I Wilkinson • lect< >i Warden Aguirre
sent him a congratulatory telegram.
Wilkinson's term of >>tli<>' will begin on
December l ;i:i<! extend over four y<';ir.-;.
In ISSM Wilkinson came to S:in Quentin
prison as lower gatekeeper under Mr.
Hale He succeeded ex-Commissary
Thorp two ye::rs ago. and gave way to
ry l-vit.y when Aguirre was ap-
Frank < "as-,', serving a foTirteoii->oriT
t.:M for burglary from Alameda, had two
months' credits restored by the bour.l f^r
good v ill now leave th*
n on i» mber 23. A good situation
ii; Oakland awaits him.
The following was Wanl<->n Aguirre's
ag and raw . .■• report: <;ra::.
---..,', over •>!! orders from la-=t
9; sold since January '..
6>i 0,824; shipped since same
-J-; si.!..' . t ; i • i booked, awaiting nrilors
:..r shipment, 304,000; "M band, ready for
delivery. 110,000; to be manufactured to
till accepted irders, I ■
■ jutf>— ln warehouses, 4933 hn>*.
sufficient for the requirements of thp mil!
until about June 1. ':• traded f "■. to
arrive, 7000 bales, to be shipped per -
from Calcutta during November "r
I December.
pp.nled by a numhrr of the grand officers
an official visit last M
' uncil. On To ■ | tyu
ila in joli •
sion. He has also visited Union rouncil
at Dutch Flat, Forest Grove Council -it
■ Hill, I'iacer Council at A;.
I at G< and
iun< il at I'l.-ii ■•M-vil!e.
To-morrow night I councilor
and a number of grai
visit to Fairm< unt ;,:
nic Hall, i
it. On Tuesday he will go to
Benlcia Council ami on Wednesday he
will be with Germanla Council.
On '!.• night of the Ist Inst Pacific
i II paid the first of its fraternal vis
•' to Wash uncil.
Friends of the Forest.
The entertainment and dance given by
Pioneer Lodge of the Friend's of the For
est on the last day of last month was
one of the successes of this active lodge.
The programme was made up of bright
and entertaining numbers, and as for
dances, there were as many as could be
crowded into the space of two hours
The supreme otiieers paid an official
Visit on the night of the 2d Inst to Amer
ica Lodge and found it Improving in mem
bership. Last Wednesday the officers vis
ited Mizpah Lodge, which was found to
he- doing well, the membership enthusi
astic and energetic. To-morrow night
there will be a visit to Lincoln Lodse and
on the 21st there will be a visit to Pioneer
Lodge. This lodge will hold an open
meeting on the i>th inst.
It is expected that by the close of the
current month a new lodge will be insti
tuted in this city.
Friends of the Golden State.
The quarterly social of Alcatraa Circle
of the Friends of the Golden State, an or
ganization of which Mrs. Qussie Carrigan
Is president; Mrs. .T. F. Godeau,
Mrs. T. Thornhill is Been -
lary, and which Is composed of men
"■■■ retired from the Companions of the
st, Ancient Order, given in Washing
ton Squan Hall recently, was a si;.
dance and entertainment. The
was under the direction of J F
iv, Frederick Koenig, M. Harris a'
Perry and Thomas Thornhill. This circle
will give a masquerade in Odd Fellows'
Hall in December.
Young Men's Insitute.
Potrero Counc!! No. 74 will give an en
tertainment and ball In Potrero Opera
House on the night of the 29th inst. A
few evenings since the membership of this
council went In a body to St. Theresas
fair.
Borromean Council will have an enter
tainment and social In the Mission Opera
Hall on the night of the 23d inst
Oakland Council will give a banquet
to Its members to-morrow night. Mission
Council Is arranging for a banquet to be
piven durlnp the latter part of thi.-<
month, and on the night of the 20th Rev
will lecture before Igna
tlun Council.
Thr 1. ■•>;;-•■ bureau will hold a meetlnp
on the 17th, and on the following night the
directors will hold a sessl
Bne B'rith.
Reports from Tacoma are to the effect
that there j« a prt-at interest in the order
and its work in that section of the terri
t( ry, and that a new lodge will soon bo
instituted :
Life in the West.
Prosecuting Attorney (Frozen Dog)— i
Your Honor, the Sheriffs bull pup has
I up the court Bible.
Judge— Will, mnke the witness kiss the
bull pup, then We rant adjourn
for a week Jest to hunt up a new Bible —
Puck.
A Long Look Ahead.
"Why arc the army officers taking their
wive? and families to the Pbillppint
"Kxpect to spend the remainder of their
lives there, I suppose. You know th.-y
are going over to wind up the war "—
Philadelphia North American.
Decidedly Dangerous.
"Do you think that germs can be
communicated by kissing, doctor?" she
asked.
"Undoubtedly." he replied: "dangerous
ones. Love germs."— Philadelphia North
American.
A Slight Difference.
First Sufferer— l'm going to change my
boarding place. The Deefstcak is always
burnt to a cinder.
Second Ditto — Come to our place— it's
rare enough there.— Detroit Free Press.
ORDERED SENT
BACK TO CHINA
Peculiar Case of a Mon-
golian Convict.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
ALBUQUERQUE, N. Mex., Nov. 11.— A
case full of Interesting possibilities to the
lawyers came up here to-day before
United States Commissioner H. R. Whit-
Ing. In IS9O a Chinese named Shoo Cow
was sent to the penitentiary to serve a
term of thirteen years for murder com
mitted in Grant County, New Mexico. Al
lowances being made for good behavior
he was released yesterday and was Imme
diately ordered deported, as he had no
certificate entitling him to remain in this
country under the law. He sought legal
advice and determined to resist deporta
tion. claJming that while conned in the
penitentiary he had no opportunity to pro
cure ;i certificate. The attorneys repre
senttng the United States Government
claim that the very fact of his having
been convicted of murder made a felon of
him and as auch he was not entitled to a
certificate.
The Chinese has appealed to the District
Court, and it is likely the case will be car
ried t.> the Supreme Court before it is
settled. /
CROWD TAKES DEWEY
AND BRIDE CAPTIVE
Surrounds Them on a New York
Street and They Are Forced to
Take Refuge in a Store.
NEW YORK, Nov. 11.— A crowd fol- !
lowed Admiral and Mrs. Dewey to-day as
they walked down Fifth avenue from the
hotel, and at Fifteenth street gathered
around them and kept them prisoners.
The crowd shouted and hurrahed and
some attempts were mad" to raise the
admiral upon the shoulders of the zealous
lasts.
Admiral Dewey begged and implored
the people to allow him to proceed, but
finally he had to take refuge in a store,
from which he escaped by a door to a
side si:
A surprise was given to the admiral by
the m- tnbers of the band of the Olympia.
They serenaded him at the hotel, being
taken quietly Into the room adjoining the
admiral's suite, where they struck up.
When the admiral learned what the
m< -ailing of the music was he went in and
ted his old sailors. Then h» went
bad; and ■■• Mrs. Dewey in and
pi esent< d them to her.
This afternoon Manager Boldt of the
Waldorf-Astoria made the following
stateim
••Admiral Dewey requests me to say
that he would feel thankful if the news
papers would call the attention of the
public to the annoyances he and his wife
nave been subjected to and request the
people to cease their demonstrations.
"The admiral says he appreciates the
strations are caus< d
by good will and would not mind them
uch himself, but it makes his wife
nervous and gri ta her. Ite says
thai he and Mrs. Dewey were personally
mad -■>■ by the crow. is."
PARNELL HOME SAVED.
Tammany Hall to Advance Money to
Prevent Foreclosure.
NEW YORK. Nov. 11.— The Parnell
homestead in Wickelow County, Ireland,
now advertised under foreclosure proceed
ings will not be sold. Tammany Hall, at
a meeting of the executive committee held
to-day, guaranteed the $10,000 needed to
pay oft" the claims against the homestead.
When Daniel Tallon. Lord Mayor of
Dublin, and John E. Redmond, M. P..
came to New York three weeks ago they
announced that $15,000 was needed to res
cue the home.«t«-ad nd the estate from
creditors. Of that amount $6000 was raised
at a mass-meeting in the Academy of
Music two weeks ago, and the remainder
was assured to-day.
FRY HAS RESIGNED.
Will Leave the Santa Fe System Ow-
ing to Friction.
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. Nov. 11.— The
111 say: A prominent
brokei I "■■•'• Fork City, who is high In
( the railroads, ;
through is -■ night en i
New York. He was met at the I
and in conversation stated that
ral Manager J. J. Fry of the Atcl-.i-
P< ip< ka and & . [road had
red his resignation, to take •
upon the appointment of his suc<-.
It is vi • • Ignation of
Mr. Fry was be< with Thir i
Vice Pr< s»id - M. Barr. it Is not
known who will be i amed his successor.
ALFALFA WORM IN NEBRASKA.
A New Pest That Discourages West
ern Farmers.
A feature of a disastrous nature to
farmers in Nebraska, attributed by a
• many persons to the drought, is the
■ ■;■;•■.■ of pests which are destroy
ing alfalfa Reids by the thousands i>f
acres throughout the State. The bug does
g any particular .lam
agi to other vegetation. The great rec
ommendation • this plant
has received In i-.ist years has been Its
freedom from damagi I life. The
has beei nai the " I
w.im." because it has been known to
travel a mile around a wheat field to get
falfa fields. Douglas, Pillmore,
Saline, Dodge, Johnson, Washington,
: Boyd, Nemaha. Dawson and other coun
report alfalfa fields greatly damaged
by 1 1 • ■ ' this worm. Thi
has dama I fields somewhat, but
; alfalfa has sustained the gn I
: from this source.
The State entomologist has defined the
worm as the "fall army worm," in con
tradistinction from the regular army
worm which never was known to do any
damage in this latitude after the middle
of August. The alfalfa pest resembles the
i army worm in every respect Th«> worm.
' however, differs In technical ways essen
-1 daily from the regular army worm, as
known to the farmers generally. The ac
cepted explanation Is that the exceedingly
o^tmw nt W HU Htul l A I tv lv LUu 1 1
/-~ ; «sf" That is an °' d and very true sa >' In ?- Then > sufferer - wn y do y° u P ul off? h y do y cu wait when ■ §
{^^^^y^^h'f'^^^ffl he! P is so near at hand? fr ° r more than a Q uarter of a century I have been showing men the road to £
/ t^llft^^^^SCMHlSßw health by the application of ELECTRICITY. In all cases of Rheumatism, Lumbago, Stomach. Kidney, g
// Liver Disorders, etc., the properly applied current of electricity — administered with careful, scientific %
Iff %sT&'^^^^^%^ia&^^v * advice, given under proper conditions — may be regarded as a sure and permanent cure. It gives £
ICI \ T^' r^^^ :^^^^\\ J ' make the above statement on what I have learned In the treatment of probably 100.000 cases jgj
/ <«Lfe / P^^^^^^'^iy\ mm * >^ during special practice of over thirty years. For 1898 alone my Beit has over 6.000 cures to Sj!
i '&^s\( , Ojf l^-' *■■£' \ lts credit. A good article will always have many cheap imitations, as Is the case with my famous . §
Wy DR. SAN DEN ELECTRIC BELTJ
(9B rfsi ' W ' Sl the pub " c l 0 know that ' have not so d °' my u3 ' ness » as was represented by a certain $5
\jfM v^i 0^ firm, who was at cne time agent for my Belt. I have no agents, and my appliances can be bought V
I'll vrl only a*, my offices, so do not be deceived by ihese -♦-- — ♦ o
SI 7 imposters. I have a beautifully illustrated nn caut»t7tj'c rTPrTmr rftt«j S
<^v^^^^\ 80-pa ? e book, giving a full description of my DR ' * SA^ EN s ELECTRIC BELTS §
|£1 ©^^^feX^ Belts and how they are used, which will be sent Are Always Supplied With g
|'_ /jm^'^'^^r^^ free upon request to any address. If it is Chamois Electrodes, Which g
Ijg^^r '™^T convenient you may call at my office and PREVENT BURNING OR BLISTERING X
f?^ 1 * 1 ■*■■- — " — consult me free of charge. offi!e Hoars— 9 to 6 i i <S
«♦« consult me rree or cnarge. swityiiotai. "4- — -t- §
Iti p%o >"T^ VI C^ 71 Aff^BTA/ /s THIRD street, san francisco, cal. |
?♦ $ JLJTXm I m f\ m ZZyj^L iV * **' /Vy 119S South Spring Street, Los Angeles. Russell Building, Portland, Or. S
dry weather has made this pest Buffi
ciently vigorous to enable it to become
dangerous, whereas it would not be so
under different climatic conditions. Its
particular preference for alfalfa fields the
entomologists of Nebraska are not able
to explain. They do report, however, that
the pest does manifest a decided prefer
ence for this character of vegetation. The
body of the regular army worm, for in
stance, is smooth and devoid of hair, but
the "fall" army worm has sparse hairs
growing out from small black spots on
his body, giving it a much rougher ap
pearance. The fall army -worm also pos
sesses a whitish Y-shaped mark on the
head and differs from the other species
also by being a third smaller.
The State University has advised farm
ers to plow as deeply as possible in those
sections of the State where the new pest
has made its appearance. The worm or
dinarily eats the alfalfa down to the roots,
and many farmers fear the very root of
the plant Is rendered worthless by them.
There is some apprehension that this
worm will prove very damaging to the
winter wheat that has been put in. On
this point the university scientific men
have agreed and advised the farmers of
the State to be sure to keep the fields
free from weeds, that the moth may have
as little opportunity to propagate as pos
sible. This insect passes the winter, they
explain, in little cells just below the sur
face, and the breaking of these cells re
sults in the destruction of the eggs de
posited. -It is impossible to do anything
of this kind in the alfalfa fields unless the
farmers are prepared to lose in one sea
son the fields they have cultivated for
several years. Alfalfa culture has reached
enormous proportions in Nebraska the
past three years. To-day it is estimated
that of the 300.000,000 tons of hay pro
duced by the State this year, one-half
of the product, or nine-tenths of the cul
tivated grasses, was alfalfa. This indi
cates the importance of the crop that is
being threatened by the fall army worm.
In the sugar beet fields the worms have
been destroyed in large numbers by spray
ing the plants with paris green in strength
of one pound to 150 gallons of water. This
has been found very satisfactory, and,
would have been done in the alfalfa fields
had it not been found that dragging heavy
rollers over the fields appeared to produce
better results. In many counties of the
State both of these remedies, however,
have been tried and still the worms seem
to prosper, traveling from field to field in
their efforts to find something to eat. The
indications are that they will spread all
over the State unless stopped by cold
weather.— Correspondence of the Country
Gentleman.
«♦ i •
A DOG THIEF.
Strangely Enough, He Has a Pen
chant for Newspapers.
The Warren-avenue station police are
hunting for a thief that steals news, and
according to present indications it will
take the whole available force to catch
him.
The description of the culprit Is: "Tall,
four legs, two drooping ears and a long
tail." Residents of the neighborhood have
been annoyed by having their morning
newspapers stolen from their doorsteps.
Complaints became so frequent that a
special detective was detailed to watch
for and catch the thief. Wide awake and
alert as the detective was, it was a long
time before he learned how the newspa
pers were really stolen.
One morning as lie was watching the
residences near Oakley and Warren ave
nues, which is the locality where the pa
pers had regularly disappeared, he saw
a dog dash for a paper and run swiftly
away with it. So astounded w^ls he that
he forgot to give chase until the criminal
succeeded in getting away with his booty.
To the thefts of the dog the poiice now
ascribe all the complaints of newspapers
missing from doorsteps in this district. —
Chicago News.
Recent Inventions.
A resident of Italy has patented a de- i
vice lor me prevention o£ seasickness, ' i
comprising a belt to be strapped around :
the waist, with triangular pad attached ;
to the inner face, to prevent undue mo- i
tion or' me internal organs when the ship ■
rolls.
Onildren will find much pleasure in a
new go-cart which has a pair of oscillat
ing levers pivoted to the sides of the seat,
with rods leading to the front wheels lor :
attachment on me spokes, whereby the
operation of the levers .turns the wheels
anu propels the cart.
Electricity is used to operate the type
bars of a new typewriter, which has a
magnet set in position to operate the |
levers when the Keys are depressed a I
short distance, making it unnecessary to i
force the Key down for the full stroke.
An Improved piano stool can be raised
or lowered as desired without the neces
sity of revolving it to turn the screw, the
spindle being hollow and containing one
end of an i_.-shaped lever, which lias a '
head to lit in holes inside the vertical
base, in which the spindle slides.
By me use of a new key old railroad
spikes can be used in old spike holes, the j
key being formed of a strip of spring steel j
crimped along a portion of its length, to '
press alternately on the spike and the j
side of the hole, thus binding the spike !
in place.
Small change Is easily carried in a new
coin holder, which is formed of a piece of j
metal bent into V shape, with slots cut j
along the sides to tit the different sizes
of coin, a spring wire being placed across
the opening to prevent the coins from fall
ing out.
A New York woman has patented a
shirtwaist attachment which securely
holds a skirt in place, comprising a metal
plate to be screwed to the waist at the
ripht height to receive a pair of hooks at- :
tached to the opposite flaps of the skirt.
A German has designed a pocket knife !
which lias a lock to hold the blade in an
open or closed position, the pivot pin hav
ing a head at one end. In which is mount
i (1 a wire loop adapted to turn the pin in
either direction to lock or release the
blade.
How She "Guides Tnem."
There is a jolly mother in Brooklyn
who has several grown-up sons boarding
at home with her. and they declare she
want? to "boss" them all the time just
as if they were children. She laughingly
repudiates their charge, and declares
that she merely wishes to advise and
guide them, but has long ago ceased to
role them. Here is an example of the
way ?ho "guides" them:
At dinner the other night a bier meat
pio and a small roast duck were brought
on together. The duck was Intended for
the father, principally. The boys wi re
death on duck, their mother well knew
but it would not make a mouthful apiece
for them, so addressing the boy who sat
nearest her. she paid. "Which will you
have, Bobbie, duck or pie?"
"Duck." .said Bobbie promptly.
"No. Bobbie." answered his mother
cheerfully; "you can't have duck, dear.
Tak.-> your choice, my son, take your
choice— but you can't have duck!"— is'ew
York Tribune.
ADVERTISEMENTS,
t
{MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13.
I BARGAIN
? ...GLOVE SALE...
| Ladies' TWO-CLASP KID
X GLOVES, good fitting, ser-
viceable quality, complete as-
f sortment of sizes, colors tan,
* red, brown and black — on
\ special sale at
| 69c.
! TAPESTRY
| TABLE COVERS.
X New designs, 8-4 size, regular
J value $2.50 — special at
I 4-4 size Tapestry Covers,
4 worth 75c — special at
I 45c.
* NOVELTY BATTENBERG LABEBOV-
I ERS AND TiDES-Just received.
I The largest variety of Nov-
i elty Pillow Tops in San
1 Francisco on display at our
stores.
I ON SALE AT BOTH STORES.
; KDHLBERO, STRAUSS & FROKMAN,
; 107-109 Post Street.
I 1220, 1222 and 1224 Market Street.
LUTHER AS A HUMORIST
His Geniality Tempered the Acri
mony of His Zeal.
Zeal tipped with humor is what made
Luth.-r bo effective, says Samuel M.
Crothers in the Atlantic Magazine. He
struck heavy blows at the idols men
adored. But he was such a geniai. whole
souled iconoclast that those who were
ked at him couldn t help but
like him— between times. He would give
a smashing blow at the Idols and t:
warm har.u-grasp and a hearty "God bless
you" to the idolater, and then idolater
and iconoclast would be down on the
her, trying to see if there were |
of the idol worth saving. It was ail so
shocking and yet su unaifectedly religious
, surprisingly the right thing to do,
that the upshot of it all was that people
went away saying that Dr. aMrtin wasn t
Mich a bad fellow after all.
Luther's Tabie Talk penetrated circles
which were well protected against his
theological treatises. Men were conscious
of a good humor even in his invective; tor
he usually gave them time to see the
kindly twinkle in his eye before he
knocked them down.
In order to engage Karlstadt In a con
troversy he drew out a florin from his
pocket and cried heartily: "Take it: At
tack me boldly:" Karlstadt took it, put it
in his purse and gave it to Luther. Luther
then drank to his health. Then Karl
etadt pledged Luther. Then Luther said,
"The more violent your attacks the more
I shall be delighted." Then they gave
each other their hands and parted.
One can almost be reconciled to theo
logical controversy when it is conducted
in a manner so truly sportsmanlike.
Luther had a way of characterizing a
person in a sentence that was much more
effective than hip labored vituperation <in
which it must be confessed he was a mas
ter). Thus, speaking of the attitude of
■i. "Erasmus stands look
tion like a calf at a new door."
It was very unjust to Erasmus, and yet
the picture sticks in the mind; for it" is
Filch a perfect characterization of the
king of mind that we are all acquainted
with, which looks at the marvels of crea
tion with the wide-eyed gaze of bovine
youthfulness. curious not to know how
that door came there but only to know
whether it leads to something to eat.
Americans Are the Most Polite.
A little party in the Michigan Central
station the other day fell into quite a se
rious discussion of manners, while they
waited for a train. One asserted that the
Frenchman is the most polite man on
earth. lie was contradicted by the second,
who stood up for the manly politeness of
the Englishman, while the third openly
declared that the American holds the
palm.
At this the others laughed. "The Amer
ican hasn't time to be polite," one of them
said.
Have you ever seen people of different
countries cross a muddy street and no
ticed what their manners are when they
meet a lady in the middle."
"No," they both replied.
"Well, this is what happens," went on
the third man: "The Englishman simply
bows and plods right alone through,
splashing mud all over the woman's skirt.
The German doesn't see her at all, but
plods and splashes; while the Frenchman
takes off his hat, bows low, with his hand
over his heart, and apologizes, but he
keeps right on splashing by. nevertheless.
Now, with the American It's different. Ho
looks up. sees the woman, steps to one
side in a puddle and stands very still until
she has passed." — Di troit Free Press.
Most Extraordinary Club
Mrs. Ada Brown Talbot of New York,
editor of the Clubwoman, says that the
extraordinary club sne ever ran
across is conducted by a demure and dig
nified little woman of 7, the daughter of a
club president. hTe editor called one day
and was received by her little friend with
open arms.
"At last I've got a chair,' she said.
"I am very glad, my dear," said the ed
itor. "I hope it is comfortable and pret
ty."
"Oh. it's not for me: it is for my club."
"I didn't know you had a club."
"Of course I have^-just like mamma.
My dolly is president, and I got the chair
for her. You see," she explained in a
whisper, "there's only dollies in It, and
the dolly that makes the most noise Is
president, just like mamma's club. That's
my dolly. She talks when you push her
back. I broked the spring, and now she
talks till sh-'s runned down. So she's
president. Dono't you think that's nice?' 1
And Mrs. Talbot said she did.—Philadel
phia Saturday evening Post.
Uncle Bill's Ideas.
The frog that does the most croaking
usually catches the fewest flies.
Some men are fools all the time and
some only when they are in love.
The ambition of s.>me persons Is limited
to carving their way through a good port
roast.
Many a man hns such poor Judgment
that he cannot construct a presentable
air castle.
Most reformers have the idea that the
world would be better If you would divide
your possessions with them.
Inconsiderate.
\\ hat maKes tnat gentleman s latest
wife so unpopular in his family?" asked
one Utah lady.
She's so thoughtless!" replied the other.
"She insists on saying 'my husband' in
stead of 'our husband.' "—Washington
Star.
In a Quandary.
"What puzzles me,' 1 murmured CholUe,
! as he found the other fellow had reached
the house of the adored one ahead of him
I and was monopolizing her attention,
i "what troubles me is the question wheth
; er I am this evening more of an outlander
i or a bore." — Indianapolis Journal.
An Explanation.
Doctor— Did your teeth chatter when
you had the chill?
Patient— No; they were on the table,—
Chicago News.
Fans and Fans.
Baltimore American.
"It's no wonder," said the sporting
editor, "that baseball troubles get such
an airing, considering the number of fans
interested."
Couldn't Help
"I have called, announced the mendi
cant, tearfully, "to ask you to help me
In mv extremity." "Impossible," returned
the business man, promptly; "I'm not a
chiropodist." — Philadelphia Record.
34
ADVERTISEMENTS. ___~~^
t»<"- ■■^■■■"■^^■■^^^■■■^■"■^"■■■•^ . AH! CVniTQTinyRI Try a pair of our
.... Our Ladies Neck- , WS I i_ W|i¥_ SJ H IBBRB If I Try a pair of our =3
£- wear Department Is AN tAbhrnUNAL New Caator Oloves for — •
3^2 n " w replete with all FlJ^fl LcAlJlsß IBUIirllU ladles: 60 doz. Just re- nS
g- the noy.'lttes fashion "" Bb*»'Vß*b» «■ ceived, in gray, tan
i orf^ nnons opportunity B£®s i
«w, Li. 11 ?;'" iffecU; at Th * Great Offerings in our popular aod growing Dress Goods De- sale at ■- r^
•^- f.3 V J3 jiS S "S™ partment have met with such generous appreciation that It has In- Si pair 13!
£= !nf -2? them spired us to still greater efforts, hoping to make this week the BAN- «P ■ — AIR ;—
S^ en '" tncm. I XER WEEK in dress goods selling. ' «-__—_».
I THE MOST TEMPTING OF OUR ATTRACTIONS 1
■ On sale, commencing to-morrow, are the following GREAT LEADERS-FABRICS of UNQUESTIONED EXCEL-
S— LENCE— which are in particularly hii?h b&et >-<S3&j. ' 13
s>- favor at tlio present iim<> and which will m^T" /!/fl i>^^ — " *»
St: bo offered at the exceedingly low price of W\k§g]& g^ V<^ /■ DF^ REGULAR VALUE -**
gT: *SeS^ %*** * A\BXLJ. 73c, S3c, */.OO YARD.
■»_ 42-inch ENGLISH HOMESPUN, all wool, a splendid quality, in the popular mixtures of Gray and Tan. ;2g
2£: «4-inch NEW* OXFORD SUITINGS, strictly all wool, in fashionable checked effects, in the leading colorings; a beau- —«•
»*~ tiful cloth for a street costume. ~T%
JET 36-lnch VENETIAN CLOTH, all wool, extra high finish, in colors, as Navy, Brown, Garnet, Cadet, Castor, Reseda -»•
m~- ck.
g£: *6-inch NAVY BLUE ALL-WOOL WEST-OF-ENGLAND CHEVIOT SUITINGS, extra heavy, already sponged and -*»
•>_ shrunk; nothing better than this favored fabric for many practical dress uses. *^g
| ANOTHER MARVELOUS SILK SPECIAL. j
2£i In conjunction wrl-h our 1 ) rni'nil Silk Sal* c' li^t week, which will b* continued, we snnonnc" fnr -*»
s£: to-morrow the most IRRESISTIBLE KSD ECOVOMJCAL SILK EVENT of the year. THIS EXTRAORDINARY SILK OFFERING =S j
£Z will bs another convincing demonstration of OUR SILK SUPREMACY. US
S= fiftftn YARDS BLACK AND COLORED SWISS TAFFETA SILK of the highest order have been secured =S
e^- Uvul; by us from an embarrassed silk importer for spot cash at less than the cost of the raw silk, which z^S
2H makes this unprecedented Silk Bargain Event possible. " ■ US
5: FORT ED TAFFETAS. 3:
IT" Fit f^*\r "Varri— 7s pieces 27-inch BLACK SWISS TAFFETA, a magnificent quality and very lustrous 35
&Z OtiC ° * f ...Worth $1.25 yard
?T" nt OQf Yard-t!.) pieces 27-lnch SWISS TAFFETA, in new colorings, quality unsurpassed US
<£z OOC °• l * r Worth J1.25 yard j^
ST" At Ql) r Yard pieces 22-inch BLACK FRENCH GLACE DRESS TAFFETA, the most excellent quality of al3
•— " 4V brilliant luster ever Imported for Dresses, Petticoats and Waists Actually worth $1.33
••>- At Q^r* Yard-*) pieces 27-inch BLACK SWISS TAFFETA, a superior quality* beautifully dyed, perfectly re- -**
m^ uwV liable and very rustling ! Real value $1:35 Z^\
£ THAT GREAT SILK SALE OF LAST WEEK. 3
■*— Notwithstanding the fact thai tha SILK SALE of last week was a big success, many of the lines (of which we dls- -^g
5-- played Immense quantities) are still to be had. The qualities are the best and the prices lower than ever known —5
••— heretofore in this market. —•
E BLACK FEAU DE SOIE. 3
Fkt CCJf Yard- 43 pieces 21-inch BLACK PEAU DE SOIE; a superior quality of a very fine finish
•— Ot»V* ; Regular value $1.25 — » !
•— At Q^/-* Ya 4o pieces 22-inch BLACK PEAU DE SOIE; excellent finish; very recommendable ~«» ;
oj-- i'Ot Regular value $1.35
•— f\t <2| Q/"| Ynrd- SO pieces 21-inch BLACK PEAU DE SOIE; a splendid quality; wear guaranteed —■• i
«^ <.y*»*m\j Regular value $1.75 zZm
*T" AtCl A Yard -IS pieces 22-in»h BLACK PEAU DE SOIE; extra heavy; brilliant finish; for dress wear "^» >
■£: 03»"*O bi(jl ; ; Regular value $2.00 Zi£
H SATIN DUCHESSE. 3
•— nt fi^C Yard-fB pieces 20-inch BLACK SATIN DUCHESSE; a heavy grade; fast black dye 12
m~- \jk»\* ■ Regular value Ssc
a»— At UQ r Yard- 35 pieces 24-lnch BLACK SATIN DUCHESSE, with a fine finish; guaranteed _32
«£; OX, *, Regular value 51.25 i
2^: Pit Ct fJRIYard- 25 pieces 27-inch BLACK SATIN DUCHESSE; absolutely fast dye; guaranteed to wear we 11.... — :
«£: t?E =UO Regular value $1.50 r^ j
fc: AtCl QQYard- 20 pieces 22-inch BLACK SATIN DUCHESSE; finest make; highly recommended -^»
«*- OI»OZ Regular value $1.75
fc BLACK TAFFETA. 3
S^ Pit «7 r Yard-"'! pieces 19-inch BLACK TAFFETA SILK; good quality and lustrous rS :
*T"~ *r i V Regular value Csc -*■ :
SZ Pit 77 r Yard- 20 pieces 24-inch BLACK TAFFETA SILK; reliable quality and high finish
J^_ » 'v < • ' Regular value $1.00
•£: We earnestly urge our patrons to take advantage of this great saving opportunity, as you positively cannot dv- ~^*a
«£- plicate these values again. 22 '
I SPECIAL ITEMS IN DOMESTICS. 1 1 SPECIAL SALE OF GOLF RAPES I
-^ , TARD-1W rlrr-p Outln B Flannel, a heavy fleecy anal- « drCbIAL OALC UT UULr UArCO
•s^- I)4W lty, In pretty stripes In light colors. Usually sold at PSTSS9 TH t WEEK ~&
g^~ lCc a rard. * \J I\. In 1 VBiCICn,
*^*~ 3 fir- YARD— *O pieces beat quality Twillerl Tennis Flannel, Despite the scarcity, of Shawls and the enormous advance
Ji; 11/ v an extra heavy weight. ... stripes of pink, blue . In prices, -.<:.■ will place on sale to-morrow FOUR SPECIAL —^
**— anl gray, principally used for night robes and dressing Bacques. | LINES of l-< lies' Oolf Capes at prices of such an unusual —*j !
?— 4])rT/> YARD— IOO pipcos Xcw German Eiderdown Flannels, In . bargain character that are bound to bring many purchasers — <n
i^- iiOw many of the latest anil ma?t desirable styles. in polka to our store. zZ£
g*— Act, Persian onii striped effects. The Capes on sale are made In the very latest fashion Jjj
"~~ fl"IIOr ninS!l'»lH rl rl ar vi on 'y th " newest and most stylish Golf materials and —
«■— H'l'i.Vr 1 runNl.SHifili v - shawls were selected for their manufacture. An Inspection ~~**
a£2 ilu!UO«. I whim JiiiHUJi ' of same will convince you of our extra low offer.
r*— Sl^.- 95 PAIR — 100 pairs California Blankets, extra large size, D. „-  .. . IT aA « > EACH -Ladies' CaDes mnde "^2
2T: — n I. fleecy, silk BAfiUA \ I A I S4'- of alfwoS «Sflni^th^tol! =28
fc bounded, - ralueatJTOO. l 6 h pWd hood, aJI .1^ Regular v"lu?yr I^^' 3
E SE-- S5 ti Comfortrn>. for double beds, covered BARGAIN II — AT S5- 9 %^id s ;o? fi a r-w[r, aa D la. o i h o^ 3
S^ fined with the best white cotton. Excellent value at ,2 00. BARGAIN J— AT R^r^ue V'-JS^SSiySk =«
S= : nt valne at $2 « ",1 lrc,lar Hounce. P.^r^ f. With plaid hood
•*— yl *7 ' /-• EACH- "0 dozen Hemmed Bed Slu-ets, T2x9o, of supe. _, . _,_ . TmT __ . _ *-» «- T -^i . /-. i : . . *""° ■
-5= 47 aC rior muslin. BARGAIN HI— AT $8 pfrte d 8 S (ttTe^p^tt . m
•o^ lOr EACH— SO dozen Hemmed Pillow Cases, 45x36, of supe- plaids produced have been used for these) with plaid hood 32
w- BvfW rior muslin. and big flounce, extra length and width. Regular value 513 50 -*■ '
•^ TilßlflßH TRWF! AT «KQ »5 UTii PP - Capes, made of very stylish Imported 3
r-~ IUFIMon lUi»LLOi AI «I)i) — Shawls, over 15 different styles to choose from. rg
■>— Our last week's special offering In Turkish Towels .created ; the prettiest ° :l| " ? for the money shown In this city. Regular — *»
•*" quite a run, which we roppat this week at the same prices, which value } ■- 00. —^
j:7~ are less than th? present CEt of manufacture. * " " ' " ■• "^^ m^ __ >a_ m »« nvaj —«i
£ '-ioc EACH— 3O dozen Turkish Towels, extra large and OUR LADIES' WOOLEN AND SILK WAISTS, 3
ZOC heavy. RPBnlar value $4 00 dozen. UUK UUICO WUULcN AND SILK WAISTS.
t i6ic tovv^R^ufaTvalu^r'^dJzZ 613 ' * — — i " Superiority Is clearly and unmistakably -tamped upon this 3
*gZ h\jj\* tovul. Jtetjular lalue 1- M dozen. part of our Lndies 1 Furnishing Department. Varieties, styles, fit
fc WIKTPR 11'iRrnWPiB Pll2 I AfliPQ A>Jfl PUII nRCM a:ili finlsh »imply Incomparable and our prices always the lowest. H2
WINItK U.»UcIiWtAH rili. LAUItb A«D UHILUKtN. HERE WE QUOTE THIS WEEK . S SPECIALS
50C l^d H |n I r a l lu«l°^H t *7?s * ' " Vtra We " ma<se and fln " «9 on EACH-Ladies' Flannel Waist., made of a 'superior, ;—
»-- CFV/V iFlir - ■ •'•■■••• ■'• sizes. s>-^ heavy, all-wool flannel, corded serpentine effect lined =3!
«•*— T^r* KACH— Ladies' Non-Shrinkable "Wool Vests and Pants, ! throughout, all slzr-s. in shades of cardinal blue purn'le and — *»
•*- C *J\* r. spiel garment for the price, in natural, all sizes. black. ' — ■ <■ '
•fc CJ-.1 EACH— Ladies 1 Black All Wool Tights, made of fine ! CO- 9 "' EACH— Black Brilliantlne 'Waists of fine his- -^ :
•»- C» elected lambs' wool, excellent fitting, In ankle and *T» — — trou<>, strong cloth, the sort we can safely recommend ~^> ;
St: knee lengths. The front and back are covered with clusters of fine tucks- they • !
g^ nni,, PAlR— Ladies' All Wool Cashmere Hose, in fast ! are lined throusho'jt; sizes 32 to 4t. " ' ;
«_ OOjj'w black. Other stores ask 50c a pair for them. •S*^ 9 1 EACH— Ladies' Black Outside Skirts, made of an all- —•»
SHI O^i' EACH— Children's Merino Vests, Pants and Drawers, i ***** ■ wool cheviot serge, finlshe.-l In the latest style with the
«v— w In natural, made for comfort and good wear, nicely new b:vck - llnc<l '"» a e r) o<l quality percallne lining. Regular — ■
jj^- Cn | ? . * value *S 50. B -^» :
££: \^r PAIR - 10 ° dozen Children'-. School Hose, in fast black. $3' 85 a ?n 151 -^ ? L lk M ? r 'T Petticoats, extra width -^
§c LADIES' MACK'-iTOSHFS AND UMBRELLAS LAD!ES> HAmcHiEFS BELOW REGULAR VALUE. 2
«-- «-M^ILO l?.rtUl\. StUOn-0 H«U UmOnCLLHOi A favorable clrcumsta. rmmtM itself and w* took advan. 3
»>— To further popular!^ this department, we have selected two ta( ?° of it Promptly to procure 500 dozen Ladles' Handkerchiefs --i»
**- ppeclals lor this w.«k' : - great sflllng. below the cost of importation. Here are the particulars: —*
£= C? A 9-1 n, Fl .' oci ?. 1 1 ,, 10t ° r P T-'mbrellas, covered, with fine G l r EACH— 7: ' doz. Ladles' Fine Lawn, Hemstitched. Hand- — •
m^- 7j\ I Olona Silk, .with steel rods and best paragon Oav embroidered Initial Handkerchiefs. Regular value 12V.C =3
<£- S, J A — frames in a choice assortment of handles In Dres- trT n EACH-JO dozen Ladies' Embroidered and Lace Fffect
ZZ T^ dm. colored horn and selected natural woods, etc. lOC Handkerchiefs. Regular value 26c cl 3
i«c.oo" ' --„,„.,„. ... ioc sstiaaisar ssara jst-*— 1
S: cbn Z?Si T ith '^, üblp :I 5rp f. f -M military cape and in- (s[=„ EACH-W dozen Ladles' Handkerchiefs ' nure lln n
E 0 — t M »^^^sste?w^ dark i Ef^rwo^ic^r^ initiai ' — T 9 with pu Sa U s 3
•-- SEn 
BELIEVE JAPAN AND
RUSSIA WILL FIGHT
Chinese Think the Little Brown Men
Are Willing and Anxious for
a Struggle.
VICTORIA. Nov. 11.— That the rumors
of the serious situation between Russia
and Japan are not exaggerated seems cer
tain from news received here. The
North China Daily News says: So great
ly excited wore the Chinese of the north
by. rumors of an impending war between
Russia ami Japan that many merchants,
both Chinese and Japanese, who are rlo
inc business In NewchTvang, Port Ar
thur and Chefooj have sent their families
to Shanghai and elsewhere in the south
for safety.
It is believed Japan rather courts the
"ELECTRIC FAIRY TALES."
»pHE newspaper advertisement stories told by certain self-styled "doctors"
in their efforts to dispose of inferior old-style Electric Belts at from $40
' ?«SL api t C « VIM are in^°'" 1 very effecting, but fail to. prove con-
vincing to /.,.;.>.;> everybody in this wide world, BECAUSE It Is
"*^^^K-SV i i actually a fact that the Latest Im-
• •■• : \!, -^-^fyvG^^ I /\il it Proved, Most Powerful and in all
• ' iljw £"?V- T r^v^ /' >>f- ■ respects the BEST Electric Belt Is
• \S A^^/aSV*^ < > S-Mtt/I>N " DR ' PIER CES." and It sells at half
: >&&*^^ rV- the prlce asked for the nth<%r kind.
•^i^n'R^^^'n^M^ S' c keep right on manufacturing- our
A«Tv 1; r^ULliSiZfori '-WJ^ ii:ijiaWL Patent Electr 'c Belts and Trusses
Mli;!!i^/^V^* l^gH and rurln people therewith by
H&<Vj «r™ v -M'Z^i^ scores and hundreds in all parts of
KSe~Vivif> S'Av^VH£li3(eS£3iiiwi the world - If you want the BEST
BST^fiS^SSJ® yOU MUST have " Dr - Puree's." A
V; iS^ft.\\vlK^V^- I^Corne and see us at the offlc'a or
<vn!^^^^t^^V^k^Z^iT^^V send 2 cents ln "tamps for "BOOK-
N^W^/7rFW^ 1 ' " X LET NO. 2 -" PIERCE ELECTRIC
1 ■ I * 7/"\ 1 \ /] 'r^ co - 620 Market etreeet (opp. Palace
Hotel). San Francisco.
Struggle, ns shf> is now second only to
Kngland in naval strength and for years
has viewed tho encroachments of Russia
with resentment and alarm.
OUTLAWS STILL AT LARGE.
Much Adverse Criticism Regarding
Sheriff Smith's Methods.
OOVBLO, Nov. 11— Nothing of impor
tance has been heard from the officers in
pursuit of the outlaws. Officer Redwine
telephones from Laytonville that he 1b
ful of success. No information was
received to-day regarding the progress
In the man chase by Deputy Sheriff
Stevenson's posse. The fact that Frietag
has sof properly deposited his reward will
nt much activity Ln the way of pur-
SUit. The failure of Sheriff Smith to or
ganize a determined pursuit of the out
law? is commented on and a committee of
Bafety is under discussion.
IHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 12. 1899.
TWENTY-SIX INJURED
IN AN IOWA WRECK
Gravel and Work Train Come To-
gether While Rounding a Sharp
Curve Near Dennison.
DENNISON, lowa, Nov. 11.—Twenty
six men were injured in a wreck on the
Fort Dodge and Omaha Railroad nine
miles north of Dennison this afternoon.
A gravel train, running extra, and a work
train containing 180 men came together
around a sharp curve at a deep cut in
the road.
Two of the injured— Ed McKee and Dan
OHrien— are not expected to live through
the night and several others are probably
fatally hurt.
Not a Success a Second Time.
In a well-known town in the Midland
counties resided two friends, who were
very fond of practical jokes, and boro
the character of being "two cute 'uns."
Thfir cleverness, however, did not save
them from being "landed" with a bad
two-shiling piece.
A consultation took place between them
as to how to get rid of the false coin.
"Let's go to the theater," said one; 'It's
only sixpence to the pit. I'll try it, and if
I yet in all right you can pay and fouow
mo; we shall have our night's amusement
and be a shilling to the good."
"Agreed," Bald the other. No. 1 ten
dered his counterfeit coin at the doors of
the temple of the drama, which was taken
without examination. Is 6d being given
in change.
No. 2, seeing his friend had safely pass
ed the money box, went up gleefully and
put down the first coin he could take* from
hits pocket. It -was half a crown.
Imagine his consternation on receiving
the change— the bad two-shilling piece.—
Tit-Bits.
A War Widow.
Mrs. Talk Spreader— She lost her hus
band during the war.
Mrs. Blankety Blank— ln Cuba?
Mrs. Talk Spreader— No; North Dakota.
While she was acting as nurse he went
there and pushed the thing through.—
Philadelphia North American.
BIG TRANSFER OF
TIMBER LANDS
Northern Pacific Rail-
way Sells Holdings.
EASTERN SYNDICATE BUYERS
WILL START SEVERAL MILLS
IN A SHORT TIME.
It Is Generally Believed That the
Effect of the Deal Will Be to
Advance the Value of Tim
ber Land.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Nov. 11.— Standing timber of
Western Washington is wortli millions of
dollars more to-night than it was a week
ago. During the pasi week the Northern
Pacific Railway has sold to an Eastern
syndicate headed by Frederick Weyer
Hauser of Wisconsin its entire land hold
ings m Western Washington, consisting
of over a million acres of best timber land
in tho world. This is the largest sale of
timber lands ever made and will be far
reaching in consequence,
The immediate result is to take this
timber wi the. market, thereby limiting
the timber available for the present needs
ol sawmills. The purchase price has not
been made public, but undoubtedly ex
ce< ds $10,000,000, since there are single
townships m .Lewis and Chehalis counties
whose Umber is worth over $40u,(w0. The
purchase was made by the syndicate as
an Investment H will later start several
sawmills, including a large export mill
here.
The land is located in Snohomish, King,
Pierce, Lewis, Chehalis, Thurston, Cow
litz and Pacific counties, and is practi
cally all the patented timber lands owned
by th> Northern Pacific west of the Cas
cade Mountains. The deal has been on
for several months and many times has
been reported as consummated, only to
be denied by both Interested parties. In
Northern Pacific circles oven yesterday it
wa? claimed that the sale had not been
made, but that It was in process of negoti
ation. This assertion, however, may in- s^t
at rest, as in a telegram from Ashland,
\Vis.,.\ir. Weyerhauser confirms the report
i an interview says the transaction ig
simply in the nature of an investment. He
believes that timber is bound to advance
in the West and that he will realize Im
mense profits. This proves that the deal
has already bevn closed and the greatest
individual lumber transfer in history will
very i oon be mad< .
Local lumber men express much sur
prise regarding the price, which they con
sider far below the actual value of the
land. The acreage, it is said. Includes
some of the best timber in the State, and
is worth several times what Mr. Weyer
hauser is reported to have paid for it.
WARRANT CASES ENDED.
Worth's Fate in the Hands of the
Jury.
MTJSKOGEB, Ind. T., Nov. 11.— The
Crook warrant cases— involving- a $93,000
steal, which waa committed .■
Creek Nation on Juno 7. 1897, and for
which ox-Treasurer B. Childress, James
I^ii^an and T. E. Smiley have already been
Bent to the penitentiary <f Missouri, was
continued Monday and has ln'<'ii in prog
ress th»- past week— were givt^n to the
Jury al . o'cl< <k this evening after <i six
hour argument.
These cases have attracted national at
tention and have been prosecuted by Spe
cial Representative J. \V. Zurley ofwash-
Ington, l». *' assisted by District Attor
ney Sciper, while the defense was repre
s<--nte'l by ex-United States Judges Stuart
and Lewis ami Attorneys Rutherford and
Hut chins. <.ir.-,-it bui I iuence and
flowery langnag-e were indulged In. The
defendant, V. H. Worth, In to-day's rases.
is very prominent and highly connected
and v.;t to the time of the indictment last
spring was cashier of ih« First National
Bank and Is a brother-in-law of chief
Justice Gault of Missouri, who is in at
tendance at the trial. Over a thousand
people listened to the arguments to-day.
adjourned until 9 o'clock to-mor
row morning and then a verdict is ex
pected.
FOREIGN DEMAND
For American Apples Will Increase
the Shipments Enormously.
American apples are rapidly increasing
in favor abroad, and though as yet the ex- !
port figures show no increase over those
of lasl year, prices are up 60 per cent, and
tin-- trade is looking for enormous ship
ments that before February l mny break
the record ol the former Beasons. Apple
exporting t'i Europe does not start till
early In August, and tho comparatively
small figures thus far reached are no cri- .
terlon. Last year the Canadian ports i
shipped nearly twice as many barrels as I
New York, Boston and Portland together.
"This year," an apple exporter said. "New
York, Boston and Portland will ship three j
times ns many as Montreal and twice as i
many as Montreal ami Nova Scotia."
The situation is exceedingly pleasing to
the apple growers of America, in great
part Because of the small demand for
apples here. It is a famous fruit fall, and
there arc grapes and pears In abundance,
to mention no other fruits. The pear crop
la especially tino, and thus apples are ;
not In their usual domestic favor. As a
crop the apple yield promises about the ;
average, hardly more. It was thought
that it would be below last year's figure,
but later reports indicate much better re
turns than were expected in Western New
York, for example, and elsewhere. Vir
ginia Is getting to be the foremost apple
State, producing nowadays some of tho i
finest apples. Some of her trees yield six
and seven barrel fuls, where two barrelfuls |
is the average for a tree. There is a reo
ord of two Virginian trees having yielded
thirty-one barrels between them.
Exporting apples abroad last year was
far from being a success. More than a
million barrels went abroad, against a
trifle less than a million the year before
(the export record being 2,919,846 barrels
in 18HS-97, twice the figures of any other
season), but the shippers in many cases
lost heavily. The bulk of the shipments
(approximately 700,000 barrels) went from
Canada and Nova Scotia, and many own
ers of American orchards did not ship at
all.
"Canada kept on exporting all last
year," the veteran New York exporter,
Josiah Rich, said the other day, "because
she has no other outlet for her apples. She
cannot Bend them across the frontier to
this country, because the duty of 75 cents
a barrel eats up all the pront. Most of the
apples sent abroad last season were
Canadian. I advised all my principals not
to ship at all on account of the poor
prices."— New York Tribune.
■ » «
. r- r "' _ _
A STRANGE AFFECTION
It Crop 3 Out Among Society Ladies
of the Afternoon Tea Habit.
There is a nervous disease— the result of
the 5 o'clock tea habit— which afflicts
many women, says the New York Herald.
Said one bright woman, lately:
"I never remember finishing a sentence
which I have commenced at one of these
functions. Before 1 have a chance to
round It off I am interrupted, dragged
away or confronted with a new face to
whom lam introduced. I begin again, to
have the experience duplicated again and
again. I have the same trouble with my
cups of tea. I put them down half
emptied to greet some new arrival, to find
them whisked away, and each one repeats
the history of its predecessor.
"I leave these 'bun worries' with a trail
of unfinished phrases and undrunk cups
of tea behind me. I go homa in a
thoroughly unkempt frame of mind, with
a tendency to leave off everything I un
dertake and start something fresh. It is
really a disease, a sort of 5-o'clock-tea
paralysis. Just listen at any of these re
ceptlons and you will agree with me. The
women talk in spasmodic, staccato gasps.
You never get tho point of a story or the
telling point of a biography. Every one
has her eye on the door for the new ar
rival, who may prove more interesting or
desirable than the one she is talking to.
'Pardon me.' seems to be the excuse
for every form of conversational rude
ness. I believe this form of nervousness
is one of me many symptoms of the- na
tional unrest, or lack of poise, of which
foreigners so bitterly complain."
By the time the average man gets old
enough to have good common sense he is
too old to use U to any advantaeo
TAYLOR GAINS IN
OFFICIAL COUNT
Kentucky Returns Yet
Incomplete.
— - ♦
DEMOCRATS LOSING HOPE
«
GOEBEL NEWSPAPERS (TEASE
MAKING CLAIMS.
>
Courier-Journal Says the Result Will
Be Determined by the Settle
ment of Questions of
Irregularity.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOUISVILLE, Nov. 11. — The official
■ count was resumed to-day. In about
sixty-five of the 119 counties it was com
pl< ted last night, and official returns were
; made. These, in net results, show a gain
I for Taylor. According to advices to the
Commercial (Rep.), he has a plurality of
2681. Chairman Long says the plurality
j will be over 3000. In Democratic circles,
i however, there is no disposition to con
j cede the Republican claims. Goebel says
•■ his plurality will be about 5000, and ad
vicea from the headquarters at Frankfort
I are to the effect that reports received
there from the count progressing bear out
, this claim. The Courier-Jaurnal, however,
; makes no claim of a plurality for Goebel.
I It says:
"The official count, as will be seen from
the returns published, makes many
Changes in the ngures heretofore reported,
and makes the result so close that the is
sue may be determined one way or the
other by the settlement of the various
questions of irregularity raised in the
I count. The count in some of the larger
j counties of the State has not been com
pleted, and in no cases have the boards
yet passed on contests."
The Times (Goebel Democrat) to-day for
the first time since the election omits the
publication of a claim that Goebel has re
ceived a plurality. The Post (anti-Goebel)
: asserts that Taylor will have a pluraliti
es frorp 3000 tv 4000. These figures are
il the same as the estimate made by
Staie Chairman Long.
FRANKFORT, Ivy., Nov. 11.— United
Siat.-.s Judge- Evans notified Commissioner
Chapman here that a special Federal
(s r.uid Jury will be convened in Louisville
to-day lo try ail cases of persons brought
. before it charged with Interfering with
, negro voters. Wingate Thompson, iiuford
Williams and Coleman Carr were hold
' over here in (1000 bonds on this charage.
They were Democratic election officers.
"Goebel by 1200 to 1600" is the claim
made at Goebel's headquarters to-day.
Several county boards adjourned yester
day until Monday, and it is claime-d that
they hope to make sufficient gains to off
set losses Goebel sustained in his own
and other counties yesterday. Chairman
Young. Democrat, wires that he has dis
covered gross frauds affecting the whole
vote in several mountain counties and
precincts In other counties, and on these
i it is supposed a contest will be made be
i fore the State Hoard if the final returns
from the counties should show Goebel not
elected.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Nov. 12.— The Cour
ior-Journal at midnight figured out a plu
ral.;y of 15.". for Goebel. Thia is uased on
il reports from ninety-eight counties
ami unofficial from the remaining twenty
one. The County Commissioners of Nel
son, according to the Courier-Journal,
have thrown out 1198 votes enst for W. P.
Taylor Instead of W. S. Taylor.
Reports have been received by the Com
mercial (Republican) up to midnight from
11] of the 119 counties, giving the official
count. These give Goebel pluralities of
17,169 and Taylor pluralities of 13,4:45; Goe
bel's net plurality 3734. The eight unre
ported counties are: Rowan, Jefferson,
Knox an<! Harrison, in which the can
vassing boards have adjourned until Mon
day, and Johnson, Menofee, Cumberland
: and Letcher. which have not yet sent in
■ their official counts. These eight coun
ties, according to the unofficial figures
heretofore received by th>> Commercial,
give Taylor pluralities of 6666 and Goebel
pluralities or K'32; Taylor's net plurality
5624 Deducting from this Goebel's plu
rality, 3711 in 111 counties, loaves Taylor
a plurality in the whole State of ISW.
The Democratic unofficial returns from
the eight unreported counties show a net
Taylor plurality of 4052. Using those fig
ures with the Commercial's official plu
rality of 373! from 111 counties, it still
leaves Taylor a plurality of 1218.
BRYAN ON THE ELECTION.
Democratic Leader's Summing Up of
the Results.
LINCOLN, Neb., Nov. IL— W. J. Bryin
this evening gave to the press an ex
tended statement summing up the results
of the elections in different States.
In Massachusetts and Pennsylvania,
where the Democrats reaffirmed the Chi
cago platform, he finds that they have
made Rains, while in New York and New
Jersey the Republican vote shows a fall
ing off. Maryland, he declares. Is now
safely Democratic. On the Kentucky
election hf pays:
"The result In Kentucky does not give
any encouragement to the Republicans.
The latest returns show that the contest
between Mr. Goebel and Mr. Taylor Is
very close. The Democrats claim the
election of Goebel and the entire State
ticket by small pluralities. The Legisla
ture Is safely Democratic in both bran, li
es, nun the election of Blackburn to suc
ceed Lindsay is assured. No one who has
watcbea the contest will doubt that with
the Democracy united on national issues
Kentucky canhe relied upon for a major
ity of 20.000 or 30.000."
( >hk> is summed up as follows: "What
consolation can Republicans draw from
the Ohio election? Mr. Hanna secured
the nomination of his candidate for Gov
ernor upon a platform indorsing the Re
publican administration. And while the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DOES THE WORK.
No Surgical Operation, No Pain, Tri-
fling Expense — A Simple, Harm-
less Remedy, but It Does
the Work.
There are some people who have piles
as frequently and regularly as other peo-
: pie have colds.
: Any little bowel trouble will bring them
on, any extra exertion, as in lifting 1 , will
produce them, and in fact will often ap-
pear without any apparent provocation.
Piles, however, are much more serious
j than a cold, as the tendency Is always to
I grow worse until the trouble becomes
deep seated and chronic, or develops into
I some fatal rectal disease.
While there are many pile remedies
i which give relief, yet there Is but one
: which not only gives Instant relief but at
! the same time makes a permanent cure,
I and that Is the well known Pyramid Pile
I Cure.
This remedy is composed of simple,
harmless vegetable ingrodicnts, but com-
binrd co effectively and acts so promptly
and thoroughly that It cures every form
of piles, whether itching, blind, bleeding
or protruding.
In long standing cases the Pyramid Pile
j Cure has proven to be the only certain
cure except a surgical operation, and its
advantages over an operation are many,
\ as it is painless, causes no delay or Inter-
ference with daily occupation, and last
I but not least, it is cheaper than any sur-
gical operation could possibly be.
The cases that the Pyramid Pile Cure
' will not reach are so few that physicians
; are doing away with operations for piles
and depending upon this cheap but effec-
tive remedy to accomplish a complete
| cure, and it never disappoints except in
cases beyond the reach of medical skill.
The Pyramid Pile Cure is prepared by
! the Pyramid Drug Co. of Marshall. Mich!,
and for sale by druggists everywhere at
60 cents per package. Each package con-
tains a treatise on cause and cure of piles
together with testimonials from every
I section of this country.
AVOID RHEUMA-
TISM OF HEART.
Flutter! ngs of Heart, Hot
Flashes, Dizzy Spells,
INDICATE COMING DANGER
Fatalities as a result of Heart Disease would occur less often if people
would pay attention to those premonitory or warning symptoms that tell
them the danger is near. There are certain weaknesses that lead to Heart
Rheumatism and Valvular Heart Troubles, weaknesses that affect the ac-
tion of the heart and serve to wear out the delicate heart structures.
Weakness of the Nerves, Stomach or Kidneys usually bring on Heart Dis-
ease.
If you suffer from Nervous Exhaustion or Nervous Weakness, Indiges-
tion or Dyspepsia or any Kidney Weakness,
BE CURED BEFORE DANGEROUS COMPLICATIONS ARISE.
Hudyan will lift you out of danger, for Hudyan cures all nervous
troubles, all stomach disorders, ail kidney lesions, thus removing the causes
of Heart Disease. Since the discovery of this great remedial agent fatal-
ities as a result of Heart Disease have been of less frequent occurrence.
Hudyan gives strength and tone to every organ of the body, thus in-
suring a perfect discharge of every bodily function. Hudyan gives quiet
to the nerves, increases the appetite, makes one strong and robust. Hudyan
makes pure blood and establishes a better circulation throughout the en-
tire system.
All the following symptoms serve to tell you that dangerous conse-
quences may overtake you:
W WARNING
M SYMPTOMS, m,
/iff irnWr^r d KTc^p.ex.oo li %
I Dot! Before Eves Bloating of Ston>ach \\\\\
///// Pimples on SRIi) Sediment In Urine \\\\l
//// Exhaustion Lack, of Energy \U\l
//// Tremblings FaJMpfl Memory \\\\\
// Loss of Appetite Palpitation of Heart \ \\\
I General Debility Dizzy Spells 11
Sleeplessness Nausea I
Coated Tongue Tendency to Paint I
i Shaky Knees All-Gone Feeling
Pains In Back. Pains Jo Joints . II
\, Pain Over Heart Twitching of Eyelldt / II
All Constipation Horrid Dreams I 11
% HUDYAN 111
% ■ CURES. 11l
Y\\\ wL/fV £~C#« /Jill
nL sOc. 3
Hudyan cures one and all the above conditions, makes you feel like a
new being. Hudyan will remove all anxiety upon your part, for Hudyan
establishes health.
£*_. Bee what HUDTAX did for MISS E.
«L-»*B?!SBR2k CHESMORE. It will cure you as well:
JtriMß9r&ai&. PORTLAND, Or.
{Bj^DßBM£«jy§ji!^ Dear Doctors: I desire to add my trstl-
jHWMEggfe^Mfcjlgßk- mony In favor of Hudyan, for Hudyan curM
v^*'*rt3^vs'i*|wS'Hjk> me " ! was a ' ] run down In health, was pale,
;H^vJi(i£^ip2Wßil very nervous, could not eat, could not Flopp.
1C i^?>tl2?sra and suffered with pain In back and severe
2JK .•*^ c -; v : S&£3ayß headaches. I also had palpitation of heart
"^sr <?sB>b. XSmS«F at tim '-"'- Two physicians treated me, did
17 ' ' ti^^lM me no 00 arvl told me that I could rot
j>_ , "(iS be cure d. I took your Hudyan. and the im-
j^^* AjT provement was noticeable from the first. I
, l^ 3^, /4^r *" am " lte a new belngr to-day, cured of every
o\v IT? By ~j£ ~— ™ pain and distressful condition. I have
v^s. l~* ™ -~~^^^.y - grained In strength and weight, and feel that
>Sa$JJ5? V "»^i^2^''^~ "•y cure is permanent. Very thankfully,
4^mS^^^Jj!l^\ HUOYAN IS FOR MEN AND WOMEN,
iPiPf^ 0: %\ GET HUDYAN NOW,
For It Is within your immediate reach. Get Hudyan from your druggist-
50c a package, six packages for $2 .If he does not keep it, send direct .
to the HTJDVAN REMEDY COMPANY, corner Stockton, Ellis and Market
streets, San Francisco, Cal.
You may consult the Hudyan Doctors about
your case fret of charge. Call or write.
returns indicate that Nash has a plurality
of about 50,000 over McLean, McLean ana
Jones together have a majority of some
thing like 50,000 over the Republican can
didate.
"McLean ran upon a platform emphat
ically indorsing the Chicago platform
and "condemning the trusts, militarism
and imperialism, and he made a rallant
fight against great odds. Ohio is the
home of the President. It Is the home of
Mr Hanna, chairman of the Republican
National Committee. Postmasters all
over the I'nited States were urged to
contribute money to save Ohio. Mr. Han
na took the stump himself and called upon
Republicans to support the ticket and In
dorse the policies of the administration.
And yet. in spite of all that could be
done. Mr. Hanna's own county was car
ried by Mr. Jones, and the Republican
party, which had a majority of nearly
50.000 in ISS6. is now overwhelmed by a
majority approximately 50,000. The Jones
vote is anti-RepubMe&n. Mr. Jones him
self has made an open fight against Mr.
Hanna and his methods, and the Repub
lican party has turned Its batteries
against Mr! Jfines and his followers."
lowa. South Dakota and Kansas re
sults arc passed over with brief para
graphs, as not of leading importance. On
Nebraska he 6ays:
"The Nebraska campaign was fought on
national issues and the fusion candidate
for Judge received about 14,000 plurality
this year, against 2000 last year for the
fusion candidate for Governor and 13,
--000 for the fusion electors in 189*5 and the
fusion candidate for Judge in 1897. As
sistant Secretary of War Melklejohn came
from Washington to plead with the vot
ers to uphold the President's policies.
Senators Thurston and Hayward were on
the stump warning the people not to re
pudiate trie President. Senator Fairbanks
and other prominent Republicans from
outside the State lent their influences.
Notwithstanding the efforts put forth by
the Republicans, the fusion forces gained
a signal victory. Their candidate. Judge
Hnlcnmb, carried five of the Congres
sional districts out of the six and lost the
remaining district, the First, by only 1000.
The fusionists made a gain of three Dis
trict Judges and a large gain in county
officers."
Mr. Bryan continues: "Taken as a
whole, the election returns from all the
States give encouragement to those who
hope for the overthrow of the Republican
party in 1900. It is evident that those who
believed In the Chicago platform In 1896
stitll believe in it. It is also evident that
the hostility to the Chicago platform
among those who opposed it is not as
pronounced as it was in 1896. It is ap
parent also that there Is a growing hos
tility to the monopolies which have grown
up under a Republican administration. It
is safe to say that the American people
would, by a large majority, pronounce
against the attempt to raise the standing
army to 100,000, and it is equally certain
that upon a direct vote on the issue a
large majority of the people would pro
nounce against an imperialistic policy
which would develop here a colonial sys
tem after the pattern of Eurogean gov
ernments.
"If the rebuke administered to the Re
publicans at the polls had been more se
vere the prospect of remedial legislation
at the hands of the Republicans would
be brighter. While it was sufficient to
indicate that the people are not satisfied
with the Republican policies, it may not
have been sufficient to stay the course of
the Republican party toward plutocracy
and toward the European idea of a gov
ernment built upon force rather than
upon the consent of the governed— a gov
ernment relying for its safety upon a
large standing army rather than upon &
citizen soldiery."
CALDWELL ELECTED.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Nov. 11,— Chairman
Dick of the Republican State Committee
to-day says that Caldwell (R.), for Lieu
tenant Governor, about whose election
there was some question, will have about
13,000 plurality. Eighty-five counties giva
him 10,000, and the three yet to be heard
from gave Nash for Governor 4369.
The total Jones vote in the State is esti
mated at 103,000. Sixty-nino counties have
been heard from, and these give 99,112.
Embassadors Returning.
"WASHINGTON, Nov. 11.— Dr. yon Hoi.
leben, the German Embassador. has just
returned to Washington from Europe. He
called to-day upon Secretary Hay at the
State Department to pay his respects.
Within the last few days the Russian,
British and German Embassadors have
returned to Washington after extended
leaves in Europe, and with the return of
Embassador Cambon of France, who is
expected shortly, the entire foreign repre
sentation of this highest type will be in
Washington.
Medical Society Convention.
MARYSVILLE, Nov. 11.— The ninth an
nual meeting of the California Northern
District Medical Society will be held at
Foresters' Hall in this city next Tuesday.
The visitors will be entertained in the
evening at a banquet at the Western Ho
tel by the Medical Society of Tuba and
Sutter counties.
The New
Catalogue
Is Out
Send
Your
Name
The Owl's new cata-
logue of dependable drugs
and medicines, illustrated
with pictures of stores
and laboratory is now
ready to mail.
Send us your name and
we will gladly mail you
this handsome new book
free.
J_sL 1128 MARKET ST.
tr«Ultn£i^\ SAN FRANCISCO
JOTH AND BROADWAY, OAKLANDCZAR AND KAISER
FRIENDLY STILL
Significance of Their
. Conference.
♦
GIVES ASSURANCE OF PEACE
•
TACTT UNDERSTANDING BE
TWEEN THE ICONAJROHS.
•
All Germany Pleased Over ih« Terms
of the Settlement of the Sa
moan Question With
England.
Coprrirbted, XSH, by the Aisodated Preaa.
BERLIN, Nov. 11.— The long expected
agreement on the Samoan Question and
the visit of the Czar to Emperor William
at Potsdam were two events which
■brought Joy to the hearts of the Ger
mans, for they were both construed as
favorable to the empire and Government
aud the press did everything to assure
the Cxar a hearty welcome. The corre
spondent of the Associated Press learns
from eye-witnesses that the Emperor
and Empress accorded a most cordial
•welcome to their gruests, -which was fully
reciprocated. The press dwelt especially
upon the fact that the Czar and Emperor
"William were always exerting themselves
tor peace and that the presence of the
Czar at Potsdam on the «ye of Emperor
"William's- departure for England at a
moment when Germany had entered Into
» friendly understanding: with Great Bri
tain regarding colonial policy was tanta
mount to an additional guarantee of
peace.
After the Czar's departure the press In
dulged In the wildest guesses as to what
the monarchs might have agreed upon,
especially during the ten minutes' quiet
talk while alone in the mausoleum of Em
peror Frederick, when the doors were
■closed and all others were excluded. Some
papers went to the length of reporting the
exact words of the monarchs during these
ten minutes.
The correspondent of the Associated
Press learns from an excellent source
that after a silent prayer at the tomb of
Emperor Frederick, they as silently shook
hands and left the mausoleum. At din
ner, where Count MuravieiT. Count Bulow
and Prince Hohenlohe were present, an
exchange of ideas on the political situa
tion occurred, but Informally. There -was
r.o compact whatever made.
It should ba remembered that the Em
peror has distrusted France since M.
liourgcnis, in 1k96.l k 96. seized the opportunity
•when Great Britain was wroth at the
Kruger telegram to further France's in
terest In tha direction 01" the idea of a
"revanche."
AVhile no specified agreement was en
tered into. Identity of opinion was found
to exist regarding the present and future
policy In China, South Africa, the Bal
kans, Greece and elsewhere. The cor
respondent learns also that the Czar and
Emperor informally conversed during the
course of the day on a number of matters
likely to occupy Germany and Russia in
the i:°ar future. Including the renewal or
the commercial treaty. The monarchs
separated sure of one another's pacilic
and friendly intentions.
On the whole the correspondent Is In
formed on good authority thr.t the visit
of the Czar makes for good, lie left with
the conviction that Germany and iiu3sia
may remain pood friends, even If Ger
many is improving her relations with
Great Britain.'
One subject of the conversation of the
monarchs and statesmen accompanying
them, • the correspondent is credibly in
formed, was the phenomenal progress of
the United States as a potent factor ev
exywhere on the globe. This subject is
raid to have caused a lively discussion, as
jthe ideas on the subject by no mean 3 tal- ;
lied- ■
From personal observations the corre
spondent is able to pay that the Czar pre
sents the appearance of a man in fair
■hfalth. Ills motions and speech are rapid
and :unaffected. Of course, precautions
for the safety .of the visitor were of the
most minute and comprehensive descrip
tion. The train conveying the Czar tiav
. ded only twelve' miles an hour and
>topped frequently while a pilot engine
rwp.v • ahead was examining the grade.
[Detectives shadowed every step of the
Czar while at. Potsdam, even when alone
with the German Emperor in a dogcart,
\chlle the later drove through the park of
6a:is Souoi. • '
. ." The newspapers, -with few exceptions,
express lively satisfaction at the Samoan
settlement. There Is no doubt that Count
yon Bulow. has gained tremendously in
favor, hot only with the Emperor, but
with people of almost all shades of opin
ion. He receives the whole credit for the
agreement. Even the hostile Kreuz Zei
tunfc admits he has thereby deserved well
Of the country. The price paid for Samoa
Is not deemed too high. All the papers
except a. few of-, the pan-German variety
express conlldence that the United States,
ha the owner of Tutuila Island, will prove
a peaceful and accommodating neighbor.
In the Joint Samoa settlement the war
in Somh Africa has nearly been lost sight
of. The dispatches from, there have been
but little commented upon.
The Reichstag will meet on November
24, and- it is probable that the session will
be most lively. There are throe very Im
portant measures about which great di
versity of opinion exists. They aro th«
enti-?trike bill, the naval bill and the re
newal of the commercial treaties. The
f.rst Is not likely to pa«?s, unless the
Government accepts radical changes. The
naval bill is more than likely to succeed.
Regarding the treaties, everybody, includ
ing the Government. If at pea. all the pre- ,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
woman : \*.
To suffer with ; Uv^!fif I*'* \
ekin disease than ; \f.' ft<an »** ( f f
it is for a man, 'A R"' ,rw i*'*"' !
for a smooth skin •* m .{'■£} : <■*?$ '
and a dear com- • |il /< • TpJTr'3 ?. ;
plexion are e»- jI }jfc&}gS&P*'+ %$i
6ential elements *Mffl*\^ '^a:
of female beauty. 'v^lsS^J'&W?'
When the taint
of scrofula is in
the blood it will
be sure to show *^^^^^
itself soon or SfijSr
late. Often its tS?
inani festationa
are as repulsive as they are painful.
Many people have been cured of scrof-
ula in its most malignant forms by the
use of Dr. Pierces Golden Medical
Discovery. This remedy is remarkable
for its power to purify the blood. It
absolutely eliminates the corrupting ele-
ments. It makes the blood clean and
rich. It increases the action of the
blood-making glands, and so increases
the quantity of pure blood supplied to
the body.
«I will forever thank you for advising me to
take Dr. Force's Golden Medical Discovery."
writes Mrs. Jas. Murphy, of Fonda, Pocahoutas
CO., lowa. » It has cured me of chronic scrofula,
of twelve years' standing. 1 had doctored for
the trouble until I was completely discouraged
I also had chronic diarrhea for twelve years I
«m in good health now-better than I ever was
In my life, owing to Dr. Pierces Golden Medi-
cal Discovery. I took several bottles of the
' Discover}' ' before I stopped."
Dr. Pierces Common Sense Medical
Adviser, a work for every woman, is sent
free, on receipt of 21 one-cent stamps (to
pay cost of mailing only), for paper
edition. Cloth-bound, -v stamps. Ad-
dress Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
paratory work being still behindhand.
Besides these of special interest to
America is the meat inspection bill, which
will come up for its second reading at an
early day. The shape in which It was
left by the committee is not acceptable
to both Governments.
The correspondent of the Associated
Press learns from a reliable American au
thority here that If the bill, as expected,
passes with the clause amounting to the
prohibition of the importation of American
Bausages and canned meats the United .
States will not be satisfied and will Im
mediately retaliate with prohibitory
measures on German wines. The result
will be a regular tariff war.
Soon after the Reichstag meets an In
terpellation on the foreign policy of the
Government will be discussed. Nearly |
every party represented will express con
fidence in Count yon Bulow's conduct of
affairs.
The correspondent of the Associated
Press learns that Prince Hohenlohe has
not yet made peace with the Emperor
about the publicity given to his Majesty's
naval projects, and it is strongly probable
that he will have to resign, although
there is still a chance that another truce
will be patched up. It seems certain that
Count yon Bulow will be Prince Hohen
lohe's successor. The Emperor Is deeply
impressed with the skillful manner In
which Yon Bulow conducted the Samoan
matter and managed Russia without giv
ing offense either to Great Britain or to the
Czar, yet obtaining substantial benefits
fur Germany.
The naval plans Incorporated In the
naval bill preserve to the Reichstag the
right of annually granting the precise
sums needed.
Since the Emperor's Hamburg speech
all the leadinjr ship yards and Iron works
have had a big rise in the price of their
stocks, some of them increasing 80 to W
per cent.
The Vorwaerts claims that the creation
of a huge naval port of war at Dantzio Is
j contemplated ami that a new torpedo sta
tion near Plenandorf has been planned.
same paper says that as Ion? ago as
r. while at the Kiel Naval
Academy, formed the plan of making the
German navy adequately offensive.
The Government press daily eulogizes
the naval programme. The feeling on the
' subject was voiced by General Posen. who
sed as the motto for the colonial so
ciety, "A first-class empire and a ftrst
class navy-" The Emperor Is immensely
pli asei] at the accumulating evidences of
liar approval of his pet idea. The
| Secretary of the Navy, Admiral Tirpltz,
I explained the scheme at a special meeting
iof the Prussian Cabinet. He said that
■ after some opposition he had carried his
i object. Anyway, it Is reasonably certain
I that the Bumiesrath will pass the bill In
! time for the first reading to take place in
I the Reichstag before Christmas. In spite
I of this the Agrarians, Socialists and part
: of the Freissinnige and a majority of the
Center party continue to protest through
their orgrans, suggesting that the Reirhs
! tag had become "a club of nodding rnp.n
r.ikins under the endless screw of the
naval plans."
The csnal bill has been reconstructed
for another Introduction into the Diet. It
now involves a total expenditure of 400,
--• marks, instead of 260.000.000 marks,
as heretofore. The new features h
I new canals, the Masovian and Berlin-
Stettin, besides a more extensive reKula
' tion of the Oder and Vistula.
During the recent visit of the Dutch
Queen the idea of making the Nether
lands part of the empire, holding a simi
lar position to P>avarla, was discussed.
ami M. de Beaufort, the Dutch Foreign
! Minister, loft a memorandum on the
with the Emperor. While nothing
I has been accomplished. It is within the
j bounds of possibility that an agreement
mitrht be reached.
The projected custom? agreement be
t-tv.?en the Netherlands •..
much discussed. In •' • press the
hope that it will materialize is generally
expressed.
The decoration of the King of Spn!n
with the Order of the Black Earle lias
significance, in spit'- of Prince Al
t saying, in the name of the Em
that Germany was among Spain's
1 3.
The Agrarian press, in all seriousness,
circulates reports that the hogs of Schles
■wip refuse to touch American barley, and
the anti-Agrarians report humorously that
the Schleswig hoga are of heroic breed.
The reports that the end of the world
■will ccur on November 15 have been re
ceived ■with so much credence throughout
Germany that the director of the Berlin
Observatory has published an official de
nial.
The Emperor !s determined to fie-ht the
Berlin Mnnicipal Council's refusal to let
him construct a terrace twelve meterg
wide all around the Berlin castle, r
houses in order to achieve this. A.ll hone-;
of an amicable c ttlement disappeared
this week, when an< I
were elected to the Council, so the Km
peror called In Prof 1 a and or
dered an opinion to be drawn up.
MASKED ROBBERS AND
POLICE IN CONFLICT
Two Officers Wounded and One of the
Criminals Killed in the
Fight.
TITrSTT'LLE, Pa., NVv. 11.— Thrfe
masked robber? bV-w opon the pafe at
tho D. A. V. and P. Railway ticket office
late last nipht, but obtained only about
$20. The bandits thf>n went to a disor
derly house on East Spring street and on
entering presented revolvers and pro
ceeded to relieve the proprietress and in
mates of what valuables they had,
e mounting to $1000 in Jewels and $500 in
cash.
Chlot of Police McGrath and Officer
Pherhy attempted their arre?t. A pitched
battle ensued, in which about twenty
phots were fired, three of which struck
Chief McGrath— one in the abdomen and
two in the left shoulder. Officer Sheeny
waa phot in the mouth, the ball phasing
through the side of the neck and inflict
ing- a dangerous wound.
In the confusion the robbers escaped
from the house. Later the body of one
of the robbers was found two blocks from
the Fcone of the combat, with a bullet
through the breast.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Postoffice and Army Orders and
List of Pensions Granted.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 11.— The Treasury
Department baa received from the Bent
ley Construction Company of San Fran
cisco an additional bid of $3556 to substi
tute a cement mortar (one part cement
and two parts sanO) on their original con
tract for work on the San Francisco post
office. The supervising architect's office
will probably accept their offer.
a postofflce was to-day established at
Confidence, Tuolumne County, and Avll
lJaveluy was njipolnted Postrnr;-
Army orders— Recruit Leon <i. Swinney
Fortieth Infai try, Presidio, San Francis
co. havliiK enlisted under fa'.se pro-' ■
will be discharged without honor from
the service. By direction of the A
ant Secretary of War. the following
named enlisted men will he discharged
from the Bervice: Privates August!]
Hanlon, Company A; J< c B. Babers, John
A. McDouga! and James M. Thrasher
■
■ Seorge Wheelel on and 1
"White, Company M, Thirty-eighth !
try; Recruit Thorn:- I . ■•. Forty
sixth Infantry; Private Prank Williams
Company E, Forty-fifth Infantry, and
Private John E. Kelly, Fortieth Infantry
Presidio, San Francisco.
Pensions — California: Original— John
O'Riley, Pan Francisco, $G; Charles
Sprague, The Taims. %>). Increase- How
ard Teese, Callahan, JS to $12.
Oregon: Original— William H. Cole, Oak
land, $10.
DRAINAGE CANAL CASE.
Judge Kohlsaat Decides the Federal
Court Has Jurisdiction.
CHICAGO, Nov. 11.— Judge C. C. Kohl
.sa.it, in the United States Circuit Court
to-day, rendered an important decision in
the drainage canal case, holding that the
Federal court has jurisdiction and refus
ing to remand the case.
The Illinois and Michigan Canal Com
mission had brought injunction proceed
ings against the .sanitary district, control
ling the drainage canal to prevent the
turning of the water of Lake Michigan
in to the big canal. The Illinois and
Michigan Commission contended that the
leiral battle should be fought in the Cir
cuit Court of Will County, where they ex
pected to be able to win. Judge Kohl
saat's decision is regarded as favorable
to the sanitary district and is expected to
result in a speedy settlement of the points
at issue. It is now believed that the canal
will be opened on December L
Stenographer Appointed.
"WOODLAND. Nov. 11.— J. L. Maude,
Commissioner of the Bureau of Highways,
has appointed Miss Nora Andrews of this
city official stenographer of the commls-
Blon. Miss Andrews is also an attorney,
authorized to practice in ail the courts of
the Btate.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1899.
THE EMPORIUM.
CMldi*Gis*s Tlmo In Tho Emporium*
One of the grandest : "W^ M® dHb jS^ ER4& *&<& M M &"& B Mm OFJk BB #0 4F% BAiT j J Ask J r send for th » Hot! ~
disp/ays of Holiday Mer-l §8 BIN! §&•*** flsflf f^if SB MB ffl MS M HH M M B H WF&& : day Messenger — a little
chandise in America.- B 818 VmsF 4SFnsi B B & SB &r§S ®4h B iSmr *9UF B B BB BB WB W \ booklet which gives athou-
Nine acres of selling'- \ sand hints of r.nitable gifts
space, nearly 1000 peo-'- __ a <* rr»» m ■«*» H - mjß B ' * or Mother, Father, Sis-
P to e wT{plkVlh%ulds'en'd\ Mstd Toy Display , Begins To-Morrow, Monday, : heart. Friend's and ° tha
Holiday orders at once. : : Children.
Speomi Sale
For Two Days Only*
Mirrored Silk Velvet— 2o inches wide, our regu-
lar $4.50 and $5.00 ye.yet, in a magnificent lice of colorings
for Mitiinery purpose — miis, pink, rile, gray, cerise,
cmarald, orange, heliotrope, all the -:ew blues, etc., on spe-
cial sale Monday and Tuesday only — per yard.- $3.35
Big Toy Dispiaym
Now ready to gladden the hearts of children, big
and little no display this side of New York can
approach it. It rovers 25,000 square ftet of floor spaoe.
Bring the children to see the Dolls, their houses, ward-
robes and furniture, the new games and toys, tha horses
and wagons and wonderful mechanical toy*. Their happi-
ness in the midst of this fairy lend display is infection*.
DoISs to Dress*
Kid Body Dolls, metal riveted joints at lnee anl hips,
mohair wig in ringlets, teeth, shoes and stockings, fix?d
• eB, 12 inches lons 2SO
\"\t inches, sleeping eye 3. 50c
15 inches, sleeping eyes 75c
18 inches, Bleeping eyes ~. $1.00
20 inches, sleeping eyes $1.50
21^' inches, sleeping eyes 52.00
28 lTi<*bes, s'ee-Tng eyes $2.50
Papier F\flache Dolls, full jointed at neck, arms,
hips an', knees, with fine bisqua hearts, mohair wigs in ring-
lets, teeth, with sleeping eyes, 8 inches, special value at
250
With fixed eyes, long ringht wig, 12 inche-, special value....
250
With sleeping eye?, ringlet wig, with bluk-s and stockings,
13'< inches, special value 530
Jointed Dolls, fine quality, ball ani socket jo nts,
sleeping eyes, fine moh i- wig in ringlets, fine chemise:
9 , inch a 65c 18 inches 51. 50
]1^ inches 75c 19 inches 51.85
14 ", inches 51.00 20*$ inches $2.25
Jointed Dolls, best quality, papier mache body, wood
lmb and a m , sleeping eve-:
18 inches $2.00 28 inches $5.25
2O'.< inches &2.80 29^ inches $5.75
23 inches $3.50 3i^ inches $7.50
24^ inches $4.30 34 inches $10.00
Tah'es*
Children's Ash Folding Tab:, 3 - c oc, 75c, $1.00
Children's A?h Folding T.M-'B, oval top $1.50
R-' Painted Tables, with drawer $1.00
White Eaameled Tai 1 •< $1 00
Ash Extension Toy Tables, 9 inches 25c, 13 inches ....50c
Ash Drop Leaf Toy Taole 25c an! ."0c
A»h Extension Child's Table, 16 in. $1.00, 18 in. $203
21 in. $3.00
Reeling Horses* *«&
Han wood Blkjic, bent hardwood t^: f^rdQ^^^
ro?kers, painted and strip : d s\ '' 'mT'TII
$1.00 $1.25, $I.EO, $4.00, $6 50, WkP*¥%si
$7.50, $9 00 and $10.00 -. il &jM
Hair Covered Horses* y
Har-covered Horse?, on stands and — ■-^-"•^ii_^- i>5J: ""
rocker*. Oi roskers $10. $11. $13. "0 and $16
Detachable from rockers .$1.50, $5.50, $7.03, $11, $14, $.6
Air Guns*
Th* Ch : cag-> Single- - — --■ l
Shot, breech-loador ""^'^J^.
The King Single-Shot, steel birrel, mu77. c-
loader $1.00
T.:e n^ Repeater, holds 100 shot, steel barrel. $1.25
Coaster*
Coaster, pointed, oak body, iron wheels and axle, length of
body, 82^ inches $2.00
Velocipedes*
Plain tires $1.75, $2.00, $2.50, $3.03
Rubber tires $3.50, $1.03, $5.03 and $5.00
Velocipede Wagon* -^
Pedal Handy Wagon, can be used as an ordinary pull ** '
wagon or can b> propelled by the feet, s : 2e of
body 14x32, size of wheel, front, 12 in.-hos, rear
18, suitable for two chil-
dren, price $s*oo «»»_-.
Simi ar st\le, cheaper quality y^TTSpS^^v^-- ***- w -
•"• $3.75 fe^^S^|^ R
Iron Trains* V/uv^^^ffi/^k^
Passenger Trains, consisting of V\j ***$
locomotive, tender and car 3, •*+&JJ
25c, 60c, $1.00, $1.50, $2.50, $3.50, $5.00, $7.50
Freight Trains, consisting of locomotive, tender ani flat cars.
253 50c, 75c, $1.03, $1.50
Mechanical Trains*
With circular track -
25c, 50c. $1.00. $1.25. $1.50, $1.75, $2.00 and $2.50
With circular and Kite shaped* track, dapot, signalmin
$3.50, $4.00 anl $5.00
Stationary Steam Engines*
Perfect moiels, ab olutely barm'ess biin: supplied with
83fet7 vi yes to pr vent explosion a'l parts made of harl
stee! ani brass boilers 5 »c, $:.00, $1.25, $1 50, $1.75
$2.50. $3.0), $4.00, $5.00, $7.50. $10 00 and $15 00.
Liquor Speoi^is.
For Monday and Tu3 ; diy only, prices that make competitors
and customers as well wonder.
Old Crow Bourbon Whiskey, 9 year 3 old gallons, regularly
$5, for $3.75— quarts, regularly $1.36, for. ,st.OO
Port. Sherry or Z nfande!, our 75c a gallon quality 55c
A very choice Brandy, 4 years old gallons, regularly $2.7
.'or &2.OO— full quirts, regularly 85c, for GOo
DOING POLITICS
IN SALT LAKE
Mrs., Foster Working
Among Women.
Special Dispatch to Ths Call.
SALT LAKE, Nov. 11.— Mrs. J. Ellen
t of the Women's Repub
lican Association, is in the city for the
purpose of learning the practical side of
politics from this standpoint.
In an interview she says: "I have been
in th<"i West for a month In the interest
of Republicanism amnnp women. I am, of
course, greatly interested in these four
States of Wyoming, Utah, Colorado and
Idaho, where women not only think and
feel, but where they can express their
opinions at the ballot box. I know a num
ber of women in these States and mt-ot
them in various featherings in Washing
ton and other parts of the country, But
to see them at home is better yet. I have
THE EMPOEITJIL
The big store's Doll Show includes a Japanese Tea Garden, a
night in Venice, the sidewalks of San Francisco, watching the
transports from Telegraph Hill, " Taking Tea With (Mamma,"
The Lawn Party and many other encbinting tableaux for little folks.
The big mechanical circus from Paris bis eleven life-like moving fig-
ures and tbe band plays real circus music. Marvelous mechanical
toys electric railroads, canal, etc.
Holiday Merchandise.
Glimpses here and there through the holiday stocks of the big
store. America and Europe have yielded their best to the corps of
buyers who for months have been working and planning for Christ-
mas. Beauty reigns — spend an hour this week in looking at these
and a thousand and other pretty things.
Eastman Kodaks Cut in Price— new, clean 1889
goods, fully guaranteed, now at a discount of 331 per cent from
regular prices we have a complete line.
English Scarfs, made of Taffeta silks with hemstitched end*, hi a doren
pretty new co'.onn •-, each SOo
Liberty Silk Scarfs, more than 30 different style?, pretti'v t r imm->d with
juby or lace, eaci 89c to $2.00
New JaboiS, made of Chiffons in pleat', trimmed with Honiton Braid, Cream
and a i co ore, each <: 98c, 89c and 750
Liberty Siik Collarettes, a new lot, extra full and durab c, the*9 in
black oniv, each $1.25 to $3*51
Cushion Squares, denim tors in such de*irn3 as poppies, roses, viohts and
conventional figures, at 2Qc* Basket cloth in tans an-i green in a number of
n«*w and pre*tv effects, 350 m Ssteen cloth, tinted flowers and, conventional
effect?, at 25Cm Bachelor Cushions, tinted paying cards, cigars, pipes and
tobacco effect* at ~ 450
Table Covers, 36 inches squire, fringed all around, white grounds with
tinted flowers, eacn GOo
Siik Cords, for cushions, made expre.sy to match the combination of our
tops, price :>• r yard &*O to 250
Tea Cloths— -We bars two qualities ; n h<>mstitchei linen Scarfs and Squares,
ran ping in sza from 27 inches up to 72 inches in length and from 5x5 up to
54x54. "price - • fOo to $2.V0
Mantel Scarfs, all silk, very handsome $4.09, $3.00, $2.50
Piano Scar s, all silk $4.50, $3.50, $2. 50
Table Covers, alisik, each $2*50
Drapery Goods, pretty art denims, per yard 15c, Art Tickings 2Oc,
Art Burlaps HOC, fancy work Drapery Silks 200, new patterns, per yard
800
Fancy Cushions, hand painted, ruffled, etc., each $1.97 to $10.50
Alligator Hand Bags, genuine al.igator leather, /^^*^X
fuh leather lined, steel frame, solid lock and re-enforced — ■ $_*_, y
leather handles — /^f^^^l^-^a.
10-ich $3.00 14-mch $4.25 JwjE. 7"A
11-inch 3.50 15-inch — 4.50 /•£!$«« -. 4 ;^A\
12-inch 3.75 16-inch 4.75 \nßß& :^v''SE9
13.inch 4.00 17-inch 5.00 hM(^:.^
DrOSS Suit Cases, in olive, chocolate and tan
' J!^a^=9^s<jJec^^c^ co ored leather, with pressed leather corners, spring
'§jf ~ * cosing locks, English handles, finished inside with
||; * canv;s, Pegamoid and leather, prices according t-> sia^
ll\\ and qua ringre from $3.00 to $13. 00
ill h/% leather Writing Tablets, painted floral de-
i \*-[ - iD sifTO, containing writing materials, each SOo
%f*f/ '..;]£ Work Boxes, very prettily designed, fitted with
scissors and other sewing implements 500
Work Baskets, hand made, imported wicker woric, variotis c010r5... .3 50
Toilet Sets, si ver plated, 2 pieces, with decorated poroalain back hair
bush, imitat on tortoise shell comb, the set „.., $1.25
Men's Furnishings. Grocery
Men's Holiday Susp- n- Economies.
ders. A large and beautiful assort-
ment, selections from the stocks of the Ever.' price quoted in our Grocery and
four bast makers in America, marked at Liquor Catalogue mean* a saving. We
prices that are particular y interesting the ° qa ,. to b9 the be9t
£ , m c- i • w j (iuarant9e the anilities to ba the best
Surrenders of Pare Si k in n3W ba-rjd * ...
i ff-icts, sateen lined, gilt mountings of their kind obtaiaabe. Prompt free da-
white kid ends,sOc; silklined.7sc !liv>rieB to any part of the city, Oakland,
Suspenders of silk webbing, patterns Ahmeda, Berkeley and o.her suburban
woven, white kid ends. <n!t mounting 8 , points.
one in a box SOo and 75c Emporium Family Flour, none better,
Suspenders of strong fine webbing in th ) per bbl of 4 sacks $3.50, per sick.OOo
new Flour da Ls in purple, blu3 and Best Eastern Rolled Oats, 10 lbs
other combinations, with gilt mount-] for *. 250
ings, kd end?, very hand'onn inapp^r- Germea, in 4-lb packages I/O
ance, very strong, price oaiy SOc Ivory Ztoap, per cake..~............6K0
Fine Silk Suspenders with sterling silver' We stern Corn, best quality, per tin...
buckh for engraving, the newest thing 7^O
in a present for cenMem*n, at Mixed Nuts, best quality, per \b...f50
$2, $2.50, $3. 50, $5 Good Prunes, pn- lb So
Men's Neckwear S ■: eciai Sago or Tapiooa, par lb So
a* 35g— 100 oozen new Fall pat- Uncolored Japan Tea, good quality
terns in si k Puffi, Tecks, Imperials, that will give patisfact'on, per 1b.4 Oo
Bit Wings and Four-in-hands, Scarfs Pure Caliiornia Olive Oil, pints. 2so
all silk lined, colors range from figured White Cherries, Green Valley
white and whites, clear through a brand, very choice, per dozen $2.00,
bewildering range in ail the colors per tin 200
most worn in 50c scarf •<, our special Good New Muscatel Raisins, per 1n...
price is 35o [ 8o
444444444444*444444444444444.44444 4.*444444<
been here several times before.
"I am sorry for Utah that Mr. Robrts
was elected to Congress. I do not believe
he fairly represents the people of this
commonwealth. It Is bad for a State to
seem to set Itself apainst the law of the
land and to defy the moral sense of the
country.
"I believe Utah did itself a great lnius
tice In Mr. Roberts' election. Surely the
Democratic party could have found a man
who would stand for the State and Demo
cratic principles and at the same time not
be obnoxious to law-abiding citizens.
Democrats and Republicans, outakls the
State.
"But It remains for the Congress of the
United States to refuse to Beat him,
which, in my opinion, it will do. The
Democrats of the nation will not sustain
the Democrats of Utah. It Is a grout pity
the Issue was made."
TEN LIVES LOST WITH
THE WILLIAM M. BIRD
Two Almost Famished Survivors
Picked Up Off the North Caro
lina Coast.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 11.— News has
been received here that the Philadelphia
schooner William M. Bird, from Charles
ton, S. C, to New London, Conn., was
wrecked In the October hurricane off tne
Frying Pan Shoala, North Carolina, and
THE EMPOitJUM.
ten of the crew. Including Captain Bar
rett, perished. Two survivors, George 'A*.
Loud, the mate, and George Robinson,
Mamon, have been landed at Salisbury,
Mil., by the schooner Samuel T. Beachem,
from Jacksonville, Fla., which vessel
rescued them on the afternoon of Novem
ber 3, twenty-nine miles southwest of the
Frying Pan Lightship.
The survivors had been without food
or water for ninety hours and Buffered
great hardships, having chewed tae
leather of their shoes to keep from starv
ing. They have not recovered sufficiently
to tell just how their comrades perished,
but they state in an Incoherent manner
that the lost men were swept off one by
one from the wreck, as their strength
grew weaker, and were drowned.
CHARLESTON, S. C, Nov. 11.— The
schooner William Bird, which was
wrecked near Frying Pan Shoals, on Oc
tober 30, only two of the crew surviving,
was of seventy-six tons burden and
cleared from this port October 29 with
lumber. She was built at Camden, N. J.
Delegates Not Instructed.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 11.— The Southern
California delegation to the State Storage
Water Convention in San Francisco held
a meeting here this morning. P. T. Lu
kens of Pasadena was made chairman of
the delegation. No Instructions were of
fered, and the delegation will go un
pledged to any particular course, but It
is understood all are opposed to the prop
osition of bonding the State for water de
velopment.
THE EMPORTCTHL
Butterick Patterns. %
4*
December Ready, «
The popular Butterick Pattarns and Publications for Deoem- «
ber are now ready— latest styles are shown in the Dalinea- «
tor, Catalogues and Fashion Sheets. <£'
Butterick Pattern Department "*
Main floor— back of rotunda. ♦
. «*
— «
Holiday Watches, %
ig^S Mem Eickel, open-face, American move- <^
A V^P^ ment, pendant set, stem winding, maran- ♦
Vfa&Jlte^ teed watcH, f0r....^ $2. G0 *
MBBzPms& k Boys' nickel, open faoe, American movement "*
J&S&- *il watch - - $2.50 2
M~sfiC?3ltsM isses ' Black Seal, open fact, Swiss move- 2
\@\&&ZMj ment watch. $3*25 S
y^^^^^ Misses' Coin Silver Chatelaine Watch, Swiss *g
movement.^^...^^ -$3,45 +
Ladies' Sterling SilTer, open face, American <«•
morement watoh, guaranteed. .^^...^ _ $SmOO *
Men's nickel, dust proof case, Elgin movement, guaranteed... . *
.. MM . MM ...«..... M . M ... M . ~.»««»«^*.*...^ $6*45
Boys' sliver Hunting case, Waltham movement, guaranteed... 2
— . M^.. .......~. $9.43 2
Ladies' or Men's gold-filled Hunting oase, Waltham movement «
guaranteed . mmmmt $9*85 «
Silverold oase, 17 jewel, P. 8. Bartlett, adjusted movement, «
dust-proof case, opjn faoe-^«.. ...~. ~.~*.~~~$14»OO •*•
Men's gold filled case, guaranteed 20 years, thin model, Elgin 2
moTemant. ... T ,., ri .-- T ,,.., _^......^. # .SiSmOO
Watches and Clocks skillfully repaired by expert machanlos. 2
Jewelry of all descriptions made to order. 2
: ■ ' I :;■ -.. ♦
China and Glassware I
A few selections from the holiday stocks to glre.-an Idea of *
the big" store's money-saving possibilities. r «- ♦
Eoyal Blue and Gold Cuspidor, large sine ' Tj, J!
— 630 C^ 2
Handsome Parlor Lamp, 60 candle power, center /^^N. 5
draft burner, porcelain, painted bowl, with /^gwf- \ ♦
10-inch shade or 8-inch giobe to match, p?l- '^f*— &>£ ♦
ished brass foot and life out oil pot. .$3*25 ♦
Bohemian Green Glass Dscoratei Vase, 8 inches j&3^&> ♦
high, each M ..^ 230 I^s^ 2
Carlsbad China Tea Set, daintily deoorateJ, /t9f&%&!s\ 21
44 pieces for 12 persons, the set com- ( < £§K&~y 2
pete $7*50 \WH# Z
Thin Blown Optic Deoorated Lemonade Set, jSESBfcb.. «
prettily shaped pitcher, 6 tumblers and a bl'- (^wT 5 * «f
varine tray, complete f0r.... $1*25 <•
German China Gnocohte Set, choco- "•*
late pot and 6 /T ~
cups and saucers, *^CC^^\«. »
«^jV decorated with L? Cs!:^f\ "*
pink and white fectf>#.\\^ *
for $1*65 «— sl\>i^M *
J^rAM Latest style of l?* s !^)/^^ IP^ *
tlate pot and v^** 2X=i Ml ' %
cups and saucers, *^^~ t \
decorated with y S
pink and white rirt^ifc'ln ♦
daisies, the set f 7 jp^ = \ d
for $1*65 e—^jXx&M *
Latest style of f^o^J/l) If^ ; [i^ ♦
Bisque Figures, f%** 4 \ jkf\^\yyf "*
richly decorated, 'W?/ jfyk Ml f 2
M.*L" ||?P stand 18 inches C§~=££~-^%»t!R 2
'«™slite2l/ hish. the pair-... i,
H I fi • ip<3*Ott ■+
|l A kjf Ladies' Boudoir c\ jr\
jrj^m^^ Sets, decorated J& 46 *tf
v S^^^sa china tray, 2 /M /C\,.- "*
<>=^= *ZZ-J cologne bottles '¥^$\ KJ'^' "*
ring stand and €^s/*^i/J^<^> 2
2 pomade boxes, the set complete— t^^vW H J <«F??TS ]f
............... ...^...«. ■■........■ iplm/iJt T^i-_l_kM_lllW ' A
Bohemian Decorated Glass Epergne «$j
for flowers and card receiver, each™— ...——...^...51.25 <■
Furniture, Rugs, |
Carpets. |
Specials for the Week. %
Ladles' Writing Desk, in Mahogany finish or Golden *
Oak, with a drawer and shelf below, special this week......... *■
~ $4*25 4
Ladles' Dressing Table, in Mahogany, Golden Oak «
or Bird eye Majle, with a French beTel glass, cplendid St
Christmas 0ffering5.................. „ ...,~sSm7s "*
Hat Rack, Golden Oak, with a box for storing rubbers and 2
umbrellas, stand attachments, special f0r....... $6*75 m
Enameled Bod, fancy design, with a brass raih'ng and ♦
ornamented with brass rosettes, special f0T~.........57m50 **
Parlor Suite* 5 pieces, upholstered with a heavy velour 2
or corduroy, made with the best quality of spring, rearu- •£>
larly $27.50. special for the week. $22*50 <■
Parlor Table, Birdseye Maple, nicely finished, regular 2
price $1.50, special for.. ~....*51m00 2
Carpet Remnants at a discount of 20 per cent. ♦
During the past months of busy carpet selling X
there has accumulated a large number of Rem- «
nants, many of them from 15 to 50 yards. There ♦
are choice patterns of Axminsters, Wiltons, Body *!
Brussels, Velvets and Tapestries. From all of ♦
these we will deduct 20 per cent of our already
low prices. <*
85c cpn'itv of lO'Wlre Tapestry, less 20 per cent, *
now 690 per yard— sl.2s quality of Axminsters, 2
l*ss 20 per cent, now $1»0O per yard — 500 yards of 2
Odd Stair Garnet for which we have no 'Hall to 2
match, best quality of goods, per yard 600 2
Body Brussels* the finest quality made, handsome de- *
signs with border to match, no better assortment any- ♦
where, special for this week, per yard $1.25 "**
Old Dutch or Kidderminster Garnet* one %
yard wide, reversible and durable, special for this week, <%
per yard 250 *
Smyrna Rugs* reversible, fringed both ends, size 60x 2
SOincbes $1*25 each *
Furniture purchased now Jar Holiday Gilts will «
be stored until Christmas if so desired without ♦
additional charges.
JAPAN CLOSELY
WATCHES THE WAR
Army Officer Will Be
Sent to Africa.
Bpedal Dispatch to The Call.
PORT TOWNSEND, Nov. 11.— Advices
received by the Oriental steamship Saint
Irene, arriving to-day, indicate that the
Japanese Government is taking a great
interest in the South African war. Upon
the recommendation of the general staff
of the Japanese army an officer will be
sent to the scene of hostilities for the pur
pose of gaining a practical knowledge of
the strength and tactics of the British
army. This move on the part of Japan,
according to the Kobe Chronicle, is indis
pensable for the reason that Japan may
be forced to rely upon the assistance of a
British army at a distant date.
The Russian Minister in Seoul has cre
ated considerable stir in the diplomatic
circles of Japan by making a demand to
have the 6j>heres of influence of the re
THE EMPOEXTJU.
spective powers in Korea denned and has
made a proposition to this effect to the
Ministers of the various powers through
Germany's representatives. Japan strong
ly opposes the move, and it is claim-.!
in official circles that Russia has evolved
a plan to counteract Japan's influence ir.
Korea.
An official gazette of Japan announces
that the time allowed for the exchange oi
notes issued by the One Hundred and
Twenty-sixth National Bank of Osaka and
One Hundred and Eighth National Bank o1
Sukagawa, the Twenty-sixth National
Bank of Osaka and thf» Thirty-third Na
tional Bank of Tokio expires oh December
4, and after that date the Government will
not be responsible for their redemption
and holders of notes will lose their value.
Southern Pacific Enjoined.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 11.— In the Suoe
rlor Court to-day an injunction wai
granted prohibiting the Southern PacifU
Company from operating its ferry at Sar
Pedro until the case can be tried. The
suit is brought upon the ground that th<
ferry landing on Terminal Island is upor
land deeded to the Catalina Yacht Clut
with a restricting clause. The Termina.
Company, which sold the land to th«
yacht cir.b. brinps the suit. The yachi
club sold the land to the Southern Fa
cific Company.
The New Alhambra Theater, Jones
and Eddy streets. Telephone South 770.
To-night Eugenic Blair in "A Lady ol
Quality,"
56
$fi< If $ wk#ip^^ IE JW4
SUNDAY NOVEMBER 12, 1899
' JOHN D. SPR ECKELS, Proprietor.
Address AJi. Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third St*., S. r"
. . • ■ •_:-' T«lepbono Main 1508.
EDITORIAL ROOMS £l? to £21 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
' DELIVERED BY CASHIERS. IB CENTS PER WEEK.
• • ' Single Copies, 5 cats.
• • ■ Tenr-s by Mail, Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year fO.OO
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Cull). 8 month* 3.00
OAILY CALL ludlng Sunday Call), S month* .... 1.50
DAILY CALLr-Tsy Single Month U3o
BUNRAT CALL ?n* Year 1.80
WEEICLT CALL One T<T' 1.00
All postmasters are a'jthorlied to r«celTj subscriptions.
£axr.;:«i copies will bs forwarded when r:que»ted.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
C. GEORGE KKOGNE6S.
Mancger Foreign Advertising! Murijuatte Bulld!n£,
. . • Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT!
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE
PERRY LUKE.NS JR 29 Tribuno Building
CHICAGO .NEWS STANDS.
' Sherman House; V. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel)
Fremont Boom; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS 6TANDB.
Waldorf-Astoria. Hotel; A. llreotano, SI tTßlon BqnarvT
MHrr*y Hill HoteL
Washington cd. C.) office Wetiin&toe Hotel
(I. L. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
; JJRANCR OFFSCES— Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK. 300 Hayes street, ooen until
9:50 o'clocK. 639 McAllister street, open until 9:33
o'clock- 615 Lar^ln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
-1941 Mission street, open until 10 O'clock. 2261 Market
itreet. corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 1096
Valencia street. op«n until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleven!)
street,, open until 9 o'clock. HW. corner Twcntyi
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orpheum— Va udeville.
Columbia— "By the Sad Sea 'Waves."
California— "What Happened to Jones."
Tivoll— ■•L'Afrtcalne."
A4carar — 'Nerve*. "
Gnin.l Ope.ra-lious« — "Th? Merry Monarch."
New- Alh&mbra — "A I^adr of Quality."
Chntes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
fWenfng. .
Olympia, Corner Mason and Ellts streets— Specialties.
Centra) Park— Steeplechase and performances.
Recreation' Pirk— Baseball to-day.
Vnl<in' Coursing Park — Coursing to-day.
Sherman-Clay Hall— Mlnettl Quartet, Friday afternoon, No-
Yen 1' r ;".
AUCTION SALES.
Tiy Wm.' O. — Tuesday, November 14, at 7:45 p. m.,
Yearlings, at 721 Howard street.
By S. WatUins— Tuesday. November 14, at 11 o'clock. Choice
Toung 'Horstfs, at 1817 Mission street.
By- Knston. E!£ridf:e & Co.— Tuesday, November 14. at 12
o'clock; Real Estate, nt 633 Market stree:.
•By Oiase & Mendenhall — Thursday. November 16, at 11
:>' Clock, TrotUng-bred Mares and Geldinus, at corner Market
Etreel and. Van Ness avenue.
By Vnn Ilheln & Co —Thursday, November 16, at 12 o'clock.
Hp.il Estate, at 513 California st.
THE BLESSING OF THE RAINS
J ITII the warm weather and the rains falling
but in prolonged showers there have
ghtness, freshness and a new stimulus
California, from the minds of men
to the grass upon the mountain sides and
in the gardens of the cities.
. with us in the past season and
rds, vineyards, grain fields and pastures
ed harvests bringing into the State a
revenue to repay the husbandmen, but there
i:; assurance of a greater prosperity to come.
lest there might be another drought like
nt years has vanished. Thus far the rain
northern and central parts of the State has
passed that of the corresponding period of
last year, and, while the south has not been so for
yet the prospects even there are good.
The plowing season has begun with an activity
1 recalls the abounding energies of boom years.
All reports agree there will be a larger acreage
planted than ever before in the history of the State.
The great grain farms will be worked to the limit
and the most improved and potent machinery' will be
employed to speed the task. There will be new
orchards and new vineyards set out, and the cultiva
tion cf olives and of nuts will be undertaken on a
more comprehensive scale than ever. It is to be a
year of. progress for rural industry, and every sec
tion of our diversified State from mountain sides to
valleys will exhibit evidences of the beauty and the
thrift that are. to follow industry.
It is not in a material sense only that the rains
have brought us blessings. They have revived the
bloom and the verdure of the landscape and infused
a beauty into every rural vista that cannot fail to have
its effect upon the minds of the people. The tourist
■who comes to California now from out the threaten
ing skies of the East, where morning frosts and chill
Mn<=ts forebode the coming of blizzards and dreary
drifts of snow, will find himself as he descends the
western slopes of our mountains entering something
like an enchanted land. From the purple glow upon
the mountains to the emerald green of the grass
covered hiils and valleys there will be before his
eyes as rich a combination of gorgeous colors 3?
ever an artist dreamed of. and through it all will be
teen the homes of a prosperous people, bowered in
vines and fruit trees, girdled with orchards, adornol
with innumerable bV^soms— roses with a thousand
or blooms to the bush, callas illuminating the
pir with their white splendor and geraniums climbing
almost to the eaves of the cottages and brilliant with
scarlet flnwers.
In such a land, with such a season, there is no room
for the discontented, no Fii^ec-tion of anything save
The pcv,y»!e have in their hearts already
begun the thanksgiving of the yenr, and the ceWirn
the festal day will be but the outward jubilant
of a feeling which is already making
radiant the faces of all. It is to be a California!! yrnr
in the full sense of the word, and through all of its
■r Golden Stp.te worthy the love
I the admiration of the world.
rts from Manila indicate the alarming fact
lias reared its ugly head in the Phil-
Now is the time for some of San Fran
>'s undesired citizens to migrate to a place where
ies will be better appreciated than
me.
School students of Stockton have adopted a
■ they will be lonesome if they are good.
The mw that has followed the adoption of the motto
indicates that the young people will be more lone
some ii' they are n< I
The new Lord Mayor of London is said to have
udy reputation. Perhaps he is one of those men
show the lights in their character to better ad
vantage if their past is hidden in the shadows.
■ Admiral Pewey he would rather have
a honeymoon than to run for President.
THE SHIP-BUILDING SYNDICATE.
ONE of tlie most gigantic combinations of this
day of giant enterprises is that which has now
been organized to take control of the great
ship-building yards of the country. The story of the
deal, which was published exclusively in The Call
yesterday, was the most important news item of the
day, and is of interest to every portion of the United
States.
It is not to be denied that the passing of so great
an industry as that of the Union Iron Works from the
control of local capitalists to that of a syndicate hav
ing its headquarters and its chief irterens on the
other side of the continent is to a certain extent
menacing to our welfare. So long as there is suffi
cient work to employ all the shipyards at its com
mand the syndicate will of course maintain the Union
Iron Works up to the present measure of capacity
and will keep it running. Whenever it becomes ad
visable, however, to shut down any of the works it
is almost a certainty that the yard in this city is the
one which will be closed. There are many reasons
why it should be so, for ship-building material is
cheaper in the East than on this coast, and the con
trolling capitalists of the syndicate, being Eastern
men, will be naturally inclined to favor >their own
section. Thus there is a possibility that an establish
ment which has become the pride of the coast, and
which has constructed such masterpieces in naval
craft as the Oregon, will dwindle in importance and
become eventually hardly more than a repair shop.
Fortunately there is no immediate danger of any
diminution in the activity of the Union Iron Works.
Enough work is now on hand to keep a large num
ber of men employed for a long time. There is now
i:i process of construction there two first-class battle
ships, the Wisconsin and the Ohio; three torpedo
boat destroyers, the Paul Jones, the Ferry and the
Treble; and the monitor Wyoming. Some of these
ships are quite well advanced, but, none the icss. a
sreat deal remains to be done when all are taken into
consideration. It is well known that in addition to
the construction of vessels for the navy the Union
Iron Works has much work on hand for private par
ties. It is therefore safe to say that for at least two
.t'.'.rs or more the syndicate will find it necessary to
run the works at their present capacity, and perhaps
before that time cl< >es there may be such an expan
.merican commerce on the Pacific as to keep
tiie works in continuous operation.
An intei ture of the condition in the ship
building rradc brought about by the organization of
the syndicate and the combination of all the ship
yards of the country under one control is the effect
it will have upon the price.- the Government will have
to pay : v the construction of naval vessels. There
nger any competition. The Government
must pay whatever the syndicate demands or it must
go abroad for ships or extend the operation of the
national navy-yards so that it can construct its own
shi;>~ From whatever point of view the subject be
considered it is clear this combination is one of the
most potent that has yet been formed, and the result
of it will be watched with close attention both it
home and abroad.
There is more than one way of snatching victory
from defeat and more than one method ol con
struing out of failure a success. The Washington
authorities have decided that it i e not necessary to
capture Aeuinaldo in order to crush rebellion in the
Philippines. It would be easy to guess what Uncle
Sam's soldiers would do if they found a chance »o
grab the island rebel.
Imperialism, expansion, paternali = m and high
sounding platitudes on the brotherhood of man are
leading Uncle Sam into dangerous places. A com
bination of enterprising American bankers want him
to protect with his warships a gigantic pawnbroking
scheme which has been suggested and in which
Guatemala will be the borrower of $15,000,000.
CONGRESS AND FINANCE.
THE position of Senator Allison in the bod}* of
which he has so long been a leader gives weight
to any expression he may choose to make on
public issues.
1 1 is townsman, General Henderson, who is to be
Speaker of the next House, by reason thereof not
only but because of his long sustained leadership 01
the Republican side of the House on the floor, is not
listened to lightly when he speaks of public affairs.
President McKinley on his campaign tour con
cerned himself almost entirely with the issue of ex
pansion and imperial domination of races not fit to
govern themselves. He seems satisfied that we can
succeed in taking by force territory that carries with
it an indignant and hostile population, and, with an
optimism that is most admirable, sees those popula
tions in the future becoming more American than
Americans themselves. His inattention to the burn
ing issue of 1896, sound money, would cause some
uneasiness and apprehension were it not for the ut
, terances of Allison and Henderson, leaders respec
tively of the Senate and House.
General Henderson during the lowa campaign de
clared in plain terms for financial reforms, on the line
of the platform of 1896, as expounded by the Indian
apolis monetary conference. He indicated with much
directness <>f speech that if other matters before Con
gress had to wait on financial legislation they must
wait.
While he did not give in detail the financial pro
gramme which, in the Speaker's chair, he will have
the power t.> put through, he plainly indicated his
purpose to go to the extreme of the committee con
ference of last summer and beyond that extreme. He
seems to understand that it is hard to be too radical
to suit the patient and long waiting sound money
sentiment of the country. This speech of General
Ilender-on was delivered at Waterloo, in Black
Hawk County, the home of ex-Governor Horace
H(iie>, wliu^c financial vagaries have made him cele
brated even beyond the fame he acquired by being
the only Democrat elected Governor of lowa since
Stephen Ileamstead's election in 1851.
Senntor Allison's financial speech was made at
Cedar Rapids, one of the centers of sound money
sentiment in the State. Both Allison and Hender
son seemed to feel that something was demanded to
satisfy the country and fill the gap left by the Presir
dent's inattention to the subject. That they performed
an essential service for their party and their country
by the certainty and clearness of their utterances is
felt by all Republicans who believe that it is good
party policy to redeem old promises before making
new ones.
The sound money sentiment of the country should
prepare to make itself felt in support of these two
champions of its cause immediately upon the assem
bling of Congress. The committees of both houses
are to be re-formed, and the membership of the
House Committee on Banking and Currency and of
the Senate Committee on Finance becomes of in
stant importance. The energetic but impracticable
Mr. Walker of Massachusetts is no longer in the
j House to be a stumbling-block head of the Banking
Currency Committee, and in the Senate the sil
THE SAN FRANCTSCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 12. 1899.
ver members are outnumbered beyond the possi
bility of obstructing legislation. The situation leads
the country to entertain .great expectations, and it
should not be disappointed.
The application of civil service rules to the admin
istration of municipal affairs has overwhelmed many
a hard-visaged, beetle-browed political heeler with
consternation. The violent change from the manipu
lation of ward wires to an intelligent understanding
of "the three r's" has wrapped "the push" in almost
unspeakable woe.
THE WORLD'S GOLD SUPPLY.
TZZJYER since the outbreak of the war in South
Africa there have been dismal predictions of
j — * the effects it would have upon the finances and
commerce of the world by reason of the interruption
it would cause in the working of the gold mines ot
the Transvaal. It was estimated that upward of
$100,000,000 of gold would be obtained from that re
gion during the current year, but it is now fairly cer
tain the war will be so prolonged that no gold can
! be expected from the Transvaal for at least a year to
come. The argument of the pessimists has been that
so large a diminution in the annual output of gold
will be felt throughout the civilized world and that
the consequences are likely to be serious.
By way of meeting these predictions and showing
the insubstantial base upon which they rest the
Treasury Bureau of Statistics has recently issued a
statement of the gold production of the world since
Ihe discovery of America, so tabulated as to exhibit
the rapid increase in production which has taken
place in recent years. From these appears the
fact that of the $9,833,059,600 gold produced since
U'M. $5,341,855,600, or considerably more than one
half, has been produced since iB6O, and $2. 540. 260400,
or more than one-fourth, since 1885.
The following condensed table shows the average
annual gold product from 1493 to iB6O, and by decades
from IS6O to the close of 1899, adopting for the cur
rent year an estimate recently made by the Director
of the Mint, but deducting from it the temporary
loS: likely to result from the suspension of production
in the Transvaal during the closing quarter of the
year. The original estimate of the Director of the
Mint for the year 1899 was $350,000,000, and deducting
for tbe suspension of work in the Trans
vaal during the closing quarter of the year, would put
the rSoo production at $325,000,000. The statement of
the world's gold production for the period 1493-1895,
therefore, stands as follows:
Average Annual
Production.
: 193-1600 $4,644,815
1 31-1700 Hi""." 150
1701-1800
1901-1860 15.745 260
Decade IS6I-1870 126.301,500
I'■ 871 ■ W U5.514.000
! ■ ide 1881-1890 10fi.005.560
1691-1899 204,773,555
Another table is given showing the annual output
■ fold from the Transvaal since 1885 in comparison
with that of the world. From that table it appears
the gold output of the world excluding the Transvaal
is now double that of the world including the Trans
vaal a decade ago. It i* not worth while quoting the
entire table, but since 1805 the record stands:
Other parts of
Transvaal, the world.
ISW $41,562,341 $157.201 ,259
1 ■■■••. 41.728.531 160.953,769
LS37 &5.f159.561 181.844 9
LS9D 79.213,953 i 1,647
Tt will be seen from these tables that the world is
in no danger of a gold famine even should the Trans
vaal mines be closed for a year, or two years, for that
matter. The gold districts of the rest of the world
are furnishing far more than the average annual out
put of past years, and will therefore be quite able to
supply the demand for that metal. It is to be noted,
moreover, that the closing of gold mining in South
Africa will increase the activity of the industry else-
where, and thus increase the production.
Hypnotism seems to be becoming a popular ex
planation for marital infelicities and delinquencies.
Another Oakland woman, who wanted to run off
with the other fellow, has discovered that she was
"hypnotized."
ONE of the things for which Philadelphia de
serves credit is that of having made a success
of the experiment which Pingree tried in Dt
trcit when he started his potato patches on the vacant
lots of the city. For three years the Philadelphia
Vacant Lots Cultivation Association has been in
operation, and the results have been better with each
succeeding year.
The beginning was made on 3 small scale and the
work of the first year was regarded as hardly more
than an experiment, but the persons to whom the
lots were assigned took hold of their cultivation in
earnest and produced crops which led the association
to widely extend its operation in the following sea
son. The aim is to obtain unused lots in or
near the city for the free use of the poor for raising
vegetables. Seeds and implements arc supplied by
the association without cost, and the only condition
imposed is that the lots shall be properly cultivated
and cared for.
The results of the work during the past season
were exceptionally good. Commenting on them the
Philadelphia Public Ledger says: "Two hundred
and sixty-eight families were given plots of a quar
ter of an acre each, and how faithfully and success
fully the work was performed is shown by the results,
which are between 3000 and 4000 bushels of potatoes,
10,000 to 12,000 baskets of tomatoes, 60,000 to 70,000
heads of cabbage, 10.000 to 12,000 ears of corn, 10,000
to 12,000 stalks of celery, 4000 to 5000 bushels of tur
nips, besides large quantities of other vegetables, in
cluding egg plants, carrots, cantaloupes, watermelons,
beet";, peppers, onions and radishes."
It is to be noted the Philadelphia movement differs
from that started by Pingrce in Detroit inasmuch as
it hns never been under the direction of politicians.
Whether it would have been so profitable had it been
undertaken by the municipal government is doubtful.
As a means of encouraging the poor to help them
selves it is, however, one of the best yet devised,
and the Philadelphia society has good reason to be
proud of its work.
The Governor has positively declined to tell politi
cians or newspaper interviewers whether or not he
intends to call an extra session. This is another
very clear indication that the Man from Mexico has
not yet dropped a nickel in the slot.
London newspapers incline to the belief that Great
Britain has been squeezed out of Samoa. It wouid
be a perfectly safe prediction that our clever cousin
squeezed everything else out of the islands before she
herself left.
People firm in the belief that marriages are made
in heaven will be pained to learn that a couple of
Angells were divorced in this city recently.
Ladysmith is a very appropriate name for a town
besieged by so many gallant men and defended by
so many others.
A PHILADELPHIA SUCCESS.
QUEER CONTRACT
FOR BLOUSES FOR
OUR GUARDSMEN
One Bidder Allowed
an Excess.
»
SEVEN HUNDREDDOLLARSIN IT
«
INDIFFERENCE AS TO "LOST"
STATE PROPERTY.
_♦
New Colonel for the Sixth Infantry.
Change in the Matter of
Naval Militia
Drill.
The men in the National Guard are
marreling at the action of the uniform
bourd, consisting of Major General Dick
inson, Colonel Cutler and Lieutenant
Colonel Geistlng, in the recent awarding
of contracts for blouses. At the meeting
held on the 25th of October the bids pre
sented were as follows:
Brown Bros., J4 30 each for blouses and JS 95
for osercouts.
I'ettibonc & Co., $3 54 for blouses, ?S 69 for
overcoats.
.1. M. I,itchfleld, J3 74 for blou»es, $9 io for
overcoats.
Manriol, Purse h & Wiener, 13 S2V4 for blouses
and H 24 for overcoats.
At a subsequent meeting of t.ie board
the contract for the blouses was by voto
of Colonel Cutler and Lieutenant Colonel
Geistinf, General Dickinson voting in the
negative, awarded to two of the bidders,
one-halt' of the 4000 blouses to be fur
nished by the Pettibone Bros. Manufac
turing Company of Cincinnati, Ohio, at
$3 ji per blouse" and the other half to be
furnished by Mandel, Pursch & Wiener of
this city at"s3 92% per blouse.
The Guardsmen are of the opinion that
each nr;n must have furnished sam|i«
that came up to the Specifications
griven assurance and bonds that the goods
to be delivered would be up to the stand
ard required, cisc the two linns named
would not have been awarded the e<>n
tract; but they want to know why the
majority "f the board should vote to pay
3!5Vi centa more to one linn than to the
other for presumably exactly the same
kind of garment. They want to know
why the fund set apart for uniforms
should be diawn upon to the extent of
to procure from the second named
flrm exactly what the tirst named tirm
will furnish for that much less moi.*-}'. j
The reason that Colonel Geis^.nsj. lias
given for i:ls action is that he wants to
patronize home Industry. The Guards
men think that this is a very peculiar
state of affairs. There Is a possibility
that the ettention of the Governor will
be called to it and that there may be
some delay in furnishing uniforms to the
Guard. The contracts call for the deliv
ery of trousers, blouses, overcoats and
caps sixty days after the order is given,
and the orders have b^en given for all
but the blouses. If there is any unusual
delay in regard to them the men will, for
an additional period, be without uniforms,
lor without blouses the trousers, over
coats and caps will not uniform them.
It seems as if it is not the duty of any
one to care for the property of the State.
In liis inspection report two years ago
Major Jnnsen, Inspector of the Second
Brigade, drew the attention of the then
adjutant general to the fact that a certain
amount "f property that had been in
trusted to Troop A, Including twenty -two
pistbls was missing. The value of that
property was considerable. The pistols
b new, we.re worth about $300.
Time passed and no action was taiken in
regard to this loss of property. Last June.
in his report of inspections, the major
again called attention to missing- property
of ihe State lit Troop A and specified it as
follows: "One carbine, 21 pistols (one hav
ing turned up since th^ previous report),
r> cartridge boxes. IS pistol holders, 2 sad
dles 2 bridles, * meat cans, 43 saber belts,
26 saddle blankets, T saber slings and 6
canteen straps." In his report he sug
gested that the matter be Inquired Into
and that it be ascertained who was or Is
responsible for the loss of this property.
He also stated that Captain Burnett, com
manding tin- troop, hud informed him that
the pistols were lost while the late Cap
tain Jenks was In command. The major
added: "Captain Burnett was senior lleu
tenant at that time and he ought to know
what became of the pistols and the other
property." 1 This report was presented
last June, and up to this time no action
lias been taki n In regard to the lost prop
erty. It is true that Captain Jenks is
flead, but if the matter had beeen acted
upon during his lifetime he or his bonds
men would have had to make the loss
good to the State. V rom the apparent in
difference of the previous adjutant gen
eral ami the present one to the loss of
State property it is fair to infer that
neither read the report of the inspector
of the Second Brigade or else neither
car> il or cares what becomes of the prop
erty of the State even if its value runs
up Into the hundreds. Possibly it's a case
of "the Sta*e is rich and the commander
in chief or hi? factotum don't care."
The members of the division staff have
been ordered to report for the third of the
series of the annual target shoots, on the
18th Inst.
W. R. Johnson hns been elected colonel
of the Sixth Infantry. Major Gus O. Grant
lieutenant colonel and Captain G. w.
Jones of Company F major, vice Grant,
advanced.
The resignation of Captain William
Lewis of the Seventh Infantry has been
accepted.
Dr. Galloway, surpeon general, has been
granted a further leave of absence of
four months from October 30.
The officers' meeting fur the purpose of
discussing the reorganization of the First
Infantry, which had been arranged for
ltint Monday, will not be held until the
16th Inst.
The men of the naval militia at this
pert are being Instructed weekly in sea
manship. After the first of next year the
different divisions of the militia will all
drill the same night.
Preparations are already being- made
for the cruise next year.
Lieutenant W, ES, Morrison, Lieutenant
T. S. Tlarloe, lieutenant (junior grade)
G. E3. Kamerer and Ensigns J. F. Murphy
and J. C. Kelly have successfully passed
the examining board.
Lieutenant C. C. Penis has applied to
be placed on the retired list.
Brigadier General J. B. Brown (retired).
Lieutenant C. V. Otto and Lieutenant
(junior grad"> G. P. Smith have been de
tailed as an examining board for the fifth
division of the Naval Militia.
TOWN OF LADYSMITH.
Was Named After a British General's
Wife, Who Was a Daughter
of Spain.
Ladygmtth, which lias been brought Into
puch prominence since the outbreak of
the Boer war, wns named after the wife
of General Sir Harry Smith. Tils mar
riage was a rotnance of the Napoleonic
wars. When the British under Sir Arthur
Wellesley. afterward Duke of Wellington,
wore driving the French out of Spain
Henry Smith was a captain in the British
army. One night he and another young
officer in a Spanish town which the' Brit
ish had just occupied were visited by two
beautiful Spanish girls of high rank, who
begged thflr protection In the alarming
circumstances In which they were placed
The protection was. of course, given, and
Captain Smith fell desperately In love
with one. of the girls and subsequently
married her.
Afterward he became General Sir Harry
and she Lady Smith. Sir Harry was em
ployed In South Africa after it became a
British possession, and his name is per
petuated by the town of Harrysmith, just
across the Orange Free State border from
Natal.
« ♦ ■
THE GOVERNMENT'S MISTAKE
San Diego Tribune.
Marconi, the wireless telegraph man
has gone homo without doing business
with Uncle Sam's army signal man be
cause the inventor didn't have a m\
chine that would telegraph over twelve
miles. He has machines that wiii tele
graph over 110 miles. Better have en
couraged him. Bureaucrats drove Maxim
to England with his valuable gun because
they were too dense to appreciate It it
seoma short-sighted to adopt a similar
policy with Marconi when all the powers
are yearning for his marvelous invention
MISCELLANEOTJS. -^-^_
♦♦♦♦♦ -h-h-h-^ •: ■« : —:-*+*+-
YOU SAVE MONEY AT PATTOSIEN'S.
If you have money to burn pay the manufacturer $25 for
burnishing a name on your sewing machine— or you can save
$25 by buying the same machine without the name at our stores.
*^^^^&&®^m**>**>^ This Modern High-Arm Drop-Head
Machine, with ail the latest im-
fctfti^^^^^^feSfaJ merit's! seWdjultine, elegantly fin-
f^Sf^m^^^m^m^f^m sgZM i s | ie d woodwork, five-drawer style
7g!|^gippj| ,— the equal of any machine made.
rfflwia Our written guarantee for ten years
i^p !S= * a * !^J[^ltyl and money refunded after ten days'
Iff I'" 1 '- ""^ " ' " "'w^ii i trial if machine does not prove
m £$$$?$ satisfactory. Made by one ot the
«rl»sf most reliable companies and sold
WcTSBCTT'ISSSS&J^raS bY tlielr aßentS fOr -s°~~ oUr PriCC
'/^U 2^" Other "no name" sewine: m^-
i^if Write for our Catalogue of Sew-
i"S Machines.
..._ ""_ . .I miip PAriAIIT To all points in California on the South-
lA/C PAY TUS- I>KI-II«HI em Pacific or Valley road. Other points
fit I A I IllLrnUUni in proportion.
D ATTHQIPN x furniture
.1 ill JL. Si \s KsljL 1
Cor. 16th & Mission Sts., and Theater Bldg., San Jose.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Baron de Batz has returned to the city
and is staying at the Palace.
C. B. Jellison, a member of the State
Senate, is registered at the Grand.
L. R. Vance, a wealthy Vallejo con
tractor, Is a guest at the Occidental.
J. H. Davis, a wealthy mine owner of
Arizona, is a guest at the Occidental.
F. E. Curtis, a popular hotel man of
Indio, is among the recent arrivals at the
Grand.
J. Muller, one of the leading business
men of Austin, Nev., is a guest at the
Grand.
Benjamin Ide Wheeler came over from
Berkeley yesterday and registered at the
Palace.
Douglas Cone, the Red Bluff capitalist,
is staying at the Palace, where he arrived
yesterday.
O. Y. Woodward, the millionaire
rancher, of Staten Island, is a guest at
the Grand.
Dr. S. L. Walton has come up from his
home in San Jose and is staying at the
California.
F. H. Buck, a well-known fruit man of
Vacaville, is one of the late arrivals at
the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. Peters, two prominent peo
ple of the Garden City, have com© up to
San Francisco and are registered at the
Lick.
11. McMurchy, the famous champion
wing shot, is registered at the Grand,
where he arrived yesterday from New-
York.
Dr. and Mrs. O. R. M. Graham have
come up from their home at San Mateo
and are at the Occidental with their
daughter.
Walter Vail, one of the best known men
in the Territory of Arizona, is a guest at
the Palace. Mr. Vail is a power in the
politics of his own Territory and is spoken
of as the next Senator.
John D. Spreckela, wife and two daugh
ters will leave this evening for the East.
Mr. Spreckels goes to Philadelphia on
business connected with the new steam
ers being constructed for the Oceanic
Steamship Company.
Thomas Erskine, recently appointed
British Vice Consul at Chicago, Is in the
city with his wife and family. Mr. Ers
kine has been a resident of California for
about ten years, at his country home in
Sonoma Valley. He will leave for his
new post of duty to-night.
H. S. Wanzer and wife of Santa Cruz
are spending their honeymoon In this
city. Mr. Wanzer has been for years
prominent in Santa Cruz politics and so
cial life, and is at present deputy post
master of the city. Mrs. Wanzer is one
of Santa Cruz's most popular society
belles.
George B. Warren, assistant manager
of the Palace Hotel, leaves to-night for a
six weeks' trip to the East. Mr. Warren
will spend most of his time while away
in his native State. Maine, and will en
deavor to recuperate his health, which
has been rather poor of late. In the brac
ing atmosphere of the Atlantic seaboard.
Mrs. Warren will accompany her hus
band.
■ ♦ i
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. Nov. 11.— William A.
Mason of San Francisco Is at the Ebbltt
House; J. A. Merritt of Oakland is at the
Shoreham.
HOW A NAVAL OFFICER
WAS SPOILED.
THE recent death of Commodore
George H. Perkins, U. 8. N., recall 3
an Interesting episode in his naval
history. He joined the navy in 1861
and was a lieutenant In 1861 when the
rebellion broke out. During the following
four years Perkins rendered gO"d service
and was almost constantly on active sea
duty, having 9 years 8 months' credit Tor
sea service up to January 1, 1866. During
the period up to October 1, IS9I, of 25
year? 10 months his total service footed
up only 5 years 8 months, his shore nor
vlce 6 years 9 months and unemployed 13
years 4 months. Promotion, however,
wont on Just the same, and he became a
captain In March, 1882, and retired alter
9 years' service in that grade with a sea
service of 11 months during that period.
It was not that Perkins was incapacitat
ed to perform his share of duty, but «im
ply because his private affairs required
so much attention. Jin managed to shirk
fluty for a long time until Secretary
Chandler brought him to time, in May
ISS4, Secretary Chandler ordered him to
t.-ikr command of the Hartford on the
Pacific station. As This older was not
to the captain's liking he called upon the
Secretary With a view of having the or
der revoked.
"See here, old man," said Perkins
"can't I get a change of orders? I am
willing to go to sea or perform any duty
that is necessary, hut it would be a great
hardship nn me to go to the Pacific Coast
just at this particular time. Three ships
on the Atlantic seaboard are to have now
captains and 1 ask as a particular favor
to be assigned to one of them."
"No," leplied Chandler, "you must go."
"Then I'll have to resign from the ser
vice, " said Perkins.
"You -vlll do nothing of the kind "
roared Chandler, "for I'll court-martial
you if you attempt it."
Perkins started a few days later for the
Pacific Coast, Joined the Hartford and
after serving eleven months returned to
his domicile in Boston. Chandler having
given place to Whitney, who had more
consideration for captain Perkins 1 pri
vate affairs. Tho latter received his un
divided .utentton during the following
five years and a half, w*en he was
shocked by an order to loin the Omaha In
the Asiatic station, lie managed again to
obtain leave of absence with privilege to
retire upon completion of fort-- years'
service. October l. 1881, he was placed
on the retired list of captains
Five years later Senator Hale had a Mil
passed promoting Captain Perkins to
commodore.
The cause which led to these years of
duty-shirking was that his wife was \>rv
wealthy and their little daughter had In
herited a fortune of 17.000 I 'oo from a
grandfather Incidentally there was some
litigation about the Inheritance. This
great wealth naturally made him a so
ciety star and under the circumstances
he was much occupied. The service was
forgotten or ignored so far as its duties
and responsibilities were concerned; he
remained on the active list apparently
only for the honor it reflected and await
ed "his promotion to commodore before
retiring.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
GOVERNMENT BONDS— A. O. S.,
Nlles, Cal.- The amount of bonds Issued
under the McKlnley administration was
1200,000.000. A circular offering these bonds
was issued by Lyman J. Gage, Secretary
of the Treasury, June 13, I*9B, and in a
very short time all were subscribed for.
Tff; no ATS— A. S., Santa Rosa, Cal. If
you desire a position with the tugboat
company named send an application to
the office of the company, giving name,
ape, residence and such details as would
enable the company to determine if you
would be a suitable person to enter Its
service.
ETIQUETTE— A. F. S.. City. If you
will call at the Free Public Library, City
Hall, reference room, you can there con
suit "Hill's Book of Forms," "The Ency
clopaedia of Business and Social Forms"
and a number of books on etiquette
which will Rive you such information as
you may desire on the subject of business
forms and etiquette.
AT HOME CARDS— A. L., City. If a
newly married couple have Eent you an
"at home" card upon their return from
their wedding trip etiquette demands that
you should pay a call, but if for any
reason it is impossible for you to call
send a letter of regret and at the same
time extend congratulations as you would
iif you called in person. Your personal
card would not be sufficient.
RAIN GAUGE— P.. Jamestown, Cal.
There are different kinds of rain gauges
and many of these are called '"standard."
Instructions for using accompany each
gauge. Without knowing the name of tne
one you have, it would be impossible to
tell you how to read it. "An inch of
rain" means if thpre was a perfect level
enclosed space and no absorption there
would be in that Epace water to the
height of one Inch.
IN MEXICO-C. M.. Oakland. Cal. It
Is a remarkable fact that not a gazet
teer, book of reference or guide book
gives the territorial area of the City of
Mexico. One book says that the city is
square, about three miles each way; that
would make the area nine square miles.
San Francisco includes within Its terri
torial limits the county as well and
Its area is given as forty-one and three
quarters square miles. A gentleman who
but recently returned from Mexico says
that that city is about as large as what
is generally alluded to as the city of San
Francisco.
In Mexico, the capital of the republic
of that name, business life, living and
other conditions are not the same as it
is in the large cities of the United States,
but like the conditions in Guatemala and
other large Central and South American
cities.
An American workingman who went to
the City of Mexico in search of employ
ment would find great difficulty in ob
taining such if unable to speak the Span
ish language. He might find work with
some American firm, but he would have
to take his chances.
The population of the City of Mexico
is about 400,000. The next largest city In
the republic is the City of Puebla, which
has a population of 95,000.
HELEN CAMPBELL-S. A. J.. Spreck
els, Cal. Helen C. Campbell, author and
editress, was born in Lockport, N. T.,
July 4, 1839. Her ancestry is Scotch on
both sides. Her father, who was a promi
nent lawyer of New York City, died in
1890. She married at the age of 20 to an
army surgeon named Weeks, and with
him lived in various parts of the United
States. At the age of 23 years, under her
married name, she began writing for
juvenile publications, "Riverside" anf
"Our Touag Folks." After that she wrot»
a number of novels which attracted at
tention, then devoted her talents to works
on housework and cooking. Then she
wrote "Problems of the Poor" and other
works which dealt with the poorer classes
and attracted the attention of the New
York Tribune, which appointed her its
commissioner on the condition of the
women wage-workers of New York, and
the result of her investigations were pub
lished under the title of "The Prisoners of
Poverty." She extended that work to
London, Paris, through Italy and Ger
many, and what she wrote had much to
do with drawing attention to the con
dition of the wage earners of the
countries she visited. She has written a
large number of useful books. In lSfn
she received a prize from the American
Economical Association f<->r a mono
graph on "Women Wage Earners."
CIVIL SERVlCE— Subscriber, City. Un
der the provisions of the new charter all
the places of employment in or under the
following named officers and departments
In the city and county of San Francisco
shall be classified by the Commissioners:
The County Clerk, the Assessor, the Tax Col
lector, the Sheriff, the Auditor, the Recorder,
the Coroner, the clerks and stenographers of
the Justices' and Police courts, the Board of
Public "Works, the Police Department the Fire
Department, the Bourd of Klection Commission
ers, the Board of Health and all hoards or de
partments controlling public utilities; but the
following; deputies, clerks and employes in sakl
offices and department* shall he exempted
therefrom: the cashier of the County Clerk. th>?
chief deputy and the cashier of the Assessor,
the chief deputy and the cashier of the Tat
Collector, the under sheriff and the chief" book
keeper of the. Sheriff, the deputy auditor tli*
chief deputy of the Recorder, the Chief Deputy
Coroner, the City Engineer, the secretary and
architect of the Board of Public Works- the
Registrar of the Board of Election Com
sloners, the Chief of Police, the Chief Enfrincr
of the Fire Department, and all the physicians
appointed by or on the Board of Health
All officers, courts, boards and heads of de
partments vested in this charter with the
power to appoint deputies, clerks, stenograph
ers or employes in any of the offices or de
partment! of the city rtnd county mentioned in
this section shall make such appointments in
conformity with the rules and provisions pre
icrlbed by this article, and any appointment
not no made shall be void.
All applicants for places In the classified civil
service shall be subjected to examination,
which shall be public, competitive and free.
Such examinations shall be practical in their
character and shall relate to those matter*
only which will fairly test the relative capacity
of the persons examined to discharge the duties
of the positions to which they seek to be ap
pointed, and shall Include, when appropriate,
tests of physical qualifications, health and of
manual or professional skill.
Cal. glace fruit f>oc per lb at Townsend's.*
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's) 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •RAILWAYS AIDING
THE OIL TRUST
Special Rates Accorded
the Standard.
♦
COMMERCE LAWS DEFIED
• ♦
Independent Companies Driven Out
of Business by Being Forced
to Pay Exorbitant
• " ". Tariffs.
Fpeclkl Dispatch to The ChII.
Washington, Nov. 11.— George Rice
Of Marietta, Ohio, who described him- I
eelf as- a "moderate producer of oil." was j
beforo the Industrial Commission .to-day. j
Mr. Rice had prepared in advance a state- j
ment of his views, which he had copy- ,
righted. The pamphlet the com mi j
refused to receive as such, but Mr. Kice !
was allowed to proceed under the rules j
of the commission, using the. pamphlet j
as the basis of his statement.
In hla formal statement fore the con
mission,' Mr. Hice accused the railroad
companies generally of conspiring In con- (
nection with the Standard Oil Company
to drive independent reiineries out of the ;
field of activity. He gave alleged in- '■
stances of discrimination by the railroads :
In favor of the Stanard Oil Company, pro- ;
\ious to the passage of the interstate ■
commerce law. lie asserted that in on» j
case, many years ago, a discrimination ot ,
160 per cent had been made for the Stand- i
tird Company, and added that rates on I
his products from Marietta were advanc
ed in IS>5 to the extent of from 48 to lw
per cent; whereas, ho paid, no advance
Mas made In tho rates of th • Standard
Company.
Replying to the statement of John D.
Archibald of the Standard Oil Company |
that his'- company had made no dlscrlml- :
natory freight rates since tho interstate
commerce law went Into effect, Mr. Rice |
gave numerous Instances of what he
characterized as discrlmlnatlona made in i
the interest of the Standard Company |
since that date. He made charges of j
cuch favoritism against the Southfrn la- ;
clfic, the Union I'aciilc, the Missouri I'a- i
cl:lc and other railroads, saying that the :
charges had been proved by him before I
the; -Interstate Commerce Commission.!
Mr. Rlcp said he had become satisfied
of the efficiency of the Interstate Com
merce Commission and had instituted no
proceedings before it since I*S?.
Mr. Rice said h" had not a particle of
confidence in the truth of the letters from
numerous railroad managers, saying ;
ther^ was no discrimination in favor of
the Standard Company, which were read
to the commission by Mr. Archibald.
Speaking of his personal experience. Mr.
Kice said that his refinery at Marietta !
had ;been closed for the past three years j
ns a 'result of these discriminations.
"I: have," he said, "been driven from
pillar to post, from one railway line to
nnoth.e.r. lor twenty years in the abso- |
lutc-ly. vain endeavor to jr't eaual and just |
freight rates with the Standard oil trust, |
fo as to- be able to run my refinery at j
anything approaching a profit, but this I I
have been utterly unable to do."
lie assorted that the Standard Company
was .represented in the directorship of !
railroads controlling one-fifth of the rail- i
road mileage of the country. Mr. Rice
stated 'his conclusion to be that "our Gov
ernment is a failure, because of non-en- !
forcement of our laws against this plrat- i
leal crew who infest our inland com
xr.f-ree under the secret cover of unlawful i
rebates and combinations and thus rob
the people of hundreds of millions of dol- ]
lars."
He. thought the laws sufficient for the ■
protection of the people, but the difficulty j
was found in the failure of the officials '
to enforce the law. The responsibility, he !
eald. lay with the Attorney General." He i
thought the. Government should own the I
railroads, and that the protective tariff
ehouM be removed from the articles used
by the" trusts. In case of Government I
ownership, he would have the railroad
employes disfranchised in order to take !
the roads out of politics. I > thought that ; '
The money recently spent in conducting |
a "useless foreign war" could have been 1
much mor<? profitably used in the pur- i
chase cf the railroads.
SENATOR TKTJRSTON TO WED.
Bride-to-Be Is the Daughter of ex-
Congressman Pearman.
OMAHA, Nov. 11.— Tho Omaha B<?e will
to-morrow publish an announcement of
mini? nuptials - John
M. Thurston of Nebraska and Miss I^oio
t Washington, D. C, -.-.
Xt ton flay?. Miss Pearman is the
of ex-Congressman Pearman
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
For All Who Suffer from
Skin and Scalp
Humors.
To successfully treat torturing and disflg-
Gring humors of the blood, skin, and scalp,
with loss of hair, requires a humor cure, and
tuch Is COTIGUBA Rrsor.vF.xT, greatest of
blood purifiers and humor expelling remedies.
Cuticura Resolvent
Extends its purifying influence by means
of the pores to the surface of the skin,
allaying. irritation, inflammation, itching,
and burning, and soothing and healing
external humors, because of its power to
neutralize husiob-oeums which float in
the blood and circulating fluids. Hence
its success in the treatment of distressing
humors of the skin, scalp, and blood, with
loss of hair, which fail to be permanently
. cured by external remedies alono.
Cuticura Resolvent
Exerts- a K r- ntlo but constant influence
upon thy bowels, liver, and kidneys, puri-
fying the fluids of theso organs, and main-
taining them in a normal condition of
health, thus removing a common cause of
yellow, niothy, greasy Pkin, and more or
less of pimples, blotches, md blackheads.
Cuticura Resolvent
Used on every occasion possible, with
CtmCDftA (ointment) and Ccticura Soap,
externally, is tho readiest moans of insur-
ing .1 speedy, permanent, and economical
cure, and realizing that greatest of human
blessings " •"- skin without blemish and a
body nourished rvith pure blool."
Bnl<| erery where. Pr:,-», JOc. ar.fl SI. PoTTKB D. * C
C.jr. . Sole Projjt., Boeton. '• Ilowtt' C<i-t> ilumor»,"tre«
BAVEVOUH SKIN ' ?!&■*«
iv.s!-*- DR. JORDAN great^
*E«SEUBI of aHATOSaY
A , Qb 1051 INSIST a. bit 6-Ji47th, Z.T.CtL A
T CJ* . J h<r L» r e^' Ar.atcraical " -in in the X
jSI!rS& disease pcfcUWrlymrei by iheoldew xj
V fSSI Spec;an,i. v ihe i_v«.c lit ;.. )--.rv (
# UZ&! I 0R " JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
! ifSwl f - oa * uii>t * aa Ure * Tl<l '•!■'' t'T private \
H// M **n,ttvc Cure la every ca<,e umlenaken. \
PI Hi' * for Book. I>Hll.o«OI>UY«r A
1 I "!l^ BAIllllAfci:, HAILED FR££. I.IF
7 Hit J«(RDA> A *.«., jo:.: .Market 8 1. 8. F. ¥
nl l r\"i"i i r* I>ii<?il and a " Rectal
S1 I 111 b ■■111 dlEcasea cured or no
HI I X I II M H ? ay - No detention
lUll » I! MAKPFIELU & POR-
■ «V* ■ Wllfc. TERFIEI.IJ. £3S Mar-
ket st., San Francisco.
and 1b a talented lady, having graced the
exclusive social circles of the national
capita! for a number of years.
The Senator upon his recent visit did
not disclose his plans in regard to the
•iff. but he invited a number of
friends, who will go to Washington next
week. The presumption i a the Senator
will hr'ng his bride to Omaha at the ter
mination oi' the bridal tour and that the
Thiirptnn mansion will again be thrown
opc-n to the local four hundred as in past
years.
GREYHOUNDS
COURSE IN
THE STORM
Over Two Hundred Dogs in
the Running at Three
Parks.
: The sport at Union Coursing Park yes-
I terday «as but little more than a curtain
i raiser for the : ■;:-• programme arranged
j for to-day. The run-down of the reserve
; stake was disposed of, and provided an
: interesting afternoon of coursing, not
! withstanding the depressing condition of
I the weather. The hares did not run as
! they iliil when the Held was dry and they
i fed -on grain and other solid foods.
The biases t upset of the day was the
■ defeat of J. Hurley's good dog 0 X Cap
: Itoi by Maher & Reid's Uncle Fuller. The
i two dogs first ran an "undecided" extend
; ins over 1 minute 26 seconds. The second
: hare to which they were slipped was not
i a strong one. Uncle Fuller led up and
' killed, .shutting out 0 X Capitol pointless,
'' after fourteen seconds' running. Beer
' Brewer beat The Fram at odds of 1 to 2;
Hair Brain beat Imperial and Maid of the
■ 1-1 111 beat Glen Roy at the same odds.
The tid-bit of the programme to-day is
I the match between the Pasha Kennels'
I Recording Angel and D. J. Henley's Sis
quoc, best two out of three courses. There
is a delightful difference of opinion among
coursing men as to the relative ability
of the two youngsters, which means
1 heavy wagering on the outcome of the
: contest. L'iV. ,
The complimentary stake has eight high
; class dogs running. In the long odds book
' they were held yesterday as follows:
' Luxon 3 to 2, Brutus 3 to 1, Crawford Lad
4 to 1, Emm Pasha and Master Clair C to'
I, Conqueror 10 to 1 and False Flatterer
15 to 1. The run-down of the reserve
stake resulted as follows:
Reserve Hake, sixty-four entries: First round
—Pasha kennels 1 Firm Friend beat J, Running's
DempSey Lass, S— 2; F. Baker's Dora Li beat
Kelly & :•...- Baby King. 22-«; J. Shaw's
Lucky ix>g beat G. Sharman's Miss Skyrocket,
fi— 4; J. Carroll's Auckland beat Ed Wilson 1 *
Magnesia. 7—5; S. Mohoney's Nellie G beat
Handy v Smith's Petronlus, 11—7; Curtis &
Son's The Fram b<--at Bartels Bros.' Beer
Brewer, 5—3; K. L. Taylor's Mose beat J. Me-
Cormiek's Primrose, S— 6: Maher & Reed's
L'ncle Fuller beat J. Hurley's 0 X Capitol,
3—o; Rupsell, Allen a Wilson's P-Wle Claire beat
H. A. Deekelman's Old Qlory, "C— 2; J. McCor
inlck's Hair Brain beat W. Cairns' Imperial.
5—4; T. Sullivan's Maid of the Hill beat M.
Mlchllik's Glenroy, S— s; H. H. Gray's Terron
ette beat HanJy & Smith's Magic. 11—6; P. Mc-
Cabe's Craig Boy beat Pasha kennels' Right
Arm. 11— S; J. H. Perigro's Controller b«at J.
H. Harris Hot Haste, 10-6; J. Carroll's
Red Hir.d beat Georpe Lahusen's Firefly, 23—5;
P. Heran's Martha Washington beat J. C. Tal
bot"a Blackrock, 7—2; R. K. de B. Lopez's
Vhitehead boat W. C. Qlasson's Joy Bells
lft-6; J. " Halton's Corins FlHFhlipht beat
Barte'.s Bros." Border's Best 6—o; Maher &
Reid's Pat Keilly l.cot R. Tiernon'fl Hadiwißt.
l~ j; Gua A-bercrombie's Victor King heat A.
L. Austin's F ; rm Foe, 10—6; Gus Abercnunbie's
Rock Island King beat F. A. McComb's Liord
Lytton, 4 2; P. Heran's Fair Play beat - Ma
honey's Chief or the Hill, 23-:'; D. Chella's
Golden Russet beat Bartels Bros.' Ben' Babe
11—3; James Sheridan's Forest Queen I eat J
Hurley's Star of Cuba. 12-8; O. sharman'a
v ait A Little I eat J. D. Cardinal's Thornhtll
Comet. 27-5; Aeneid kennels' Pretender beat
Handy & Smith's Victor. 7-5; F. A. ■ 'nib's
Motto beat Russell. Allen & Wilson's Julius
Caesar. 10-2; 'Curtis & P Vanity Fair beat
H. A. Deckelman's Mira Monte. 6—2; James
Sheridan's Forest King beat Aeneid kennels'
Aeneas. 12--0: Laride & Gerber's Onward beat
11 A Dfckflman's Sr.ajwhot, C— l: J. Mur-
SS e .f
k^nVlsV^a.?^ 9 - Bart " 3 Belle be« Pasha
SAN MATEO PARK.
The fn»sh growth of grass with which I
San Mateo Coursing- Park Is carpeted Is I
already affecting the speed of the bares,
Long, punishing courses were the ex.-op- !
tion yesterday, the majority being short I
and snappy. The longest course of the 1
day was between Fury and Red Wing an i
extra being released to kill the hare. Iron !
Duke and Honor Bright also ran for I
nearly three minutes.
During the Intermission some employes i
turned a let of hares loose in a paddock, i
They found their way finally to the es
capes ?.12 ran all over th « Held. It was
with difficulty they were riven back I
and coursing was resumed. The day was i
dull and had a naturally depressing effect i
on the snort. Tliti final rounds of Ihe
stake to-day will bring together a lot of
well matched dogs. The clown re- '
sulted as follows:
Open «tak«--R Dean's Free Silver Boy b»«t i
J. I. O-Br!en'9 Pasha Queen: W. Jl. Jones' I
Lady Marion beat I. F. Halton'a Tic Tac- '
Curtis «i H m's Commfil'Tf bt-ut 1!. X de B.
Lopez's Carmencita; P. McKune's Kigby b--nt i
j Lawler & Watson's Richmond I,e;id; \ Jolm- '
1 son's Hal.! Eagle beat Dan O'Connell'a Satan; '
i J. O'Shea's Old^n Gate b»nt F. Jan**' Moon- '■
; lif.ht; .1. <Y,-:h*a.'s Young Fir»-.zt beat VA Wll
j son's Macnet: J. ;■■■'. Oak beat
Corkery i<: Hogan'a High Dice; J. H. .Smiths
Mr reed bout J. Iliekson's Black Bess; C K. !
Wiley's Gaslight beat T. Nlven'a Nellie N: A '
Johnson's Mountain Beaut? brat XV. ".'reamer's j
Je«se Moore; W. S. Trade's Wandering Tom !
beat W. H. Jones' Prince Jerome: Pasha K>n- !
nels' Random Aim beat E. Reddy'« Ada; W. i
C. Glasson's Jerronlte beat W. M. ley's I
Skylight; A. Johnsor.'s Tod Sloan b-^at Jpft I
Martinet's Bernal Boy: . Kay Bros.' Hawker
! beat J. L. Ross* Jessica: E. Haumelstrr'H Win
j nin<j Ways beat T. J. Crnnln's Maid of Ball;
I Lrfirk^y & Rock's Minerva beat A. C. Urad
i burr's Victor Chief; T. Fanning* Babe Mur- i
' phy beat Jeff Martinet's Sally Brass; V Guer- i
I r°ro'!= Silence b-at J. 1.. Ko^' Just Tip: Uan J
i Ford's Juanita beat W. J. Browning's Moun- |
! tain Belle: Flcrr.ins Bros.' Fury b«at .'.. Perry's j
; 71e<1 Wln^; B. and R. .Scott's Lord Byron heat !
, J. Anthony's Patriot: J. Keenan's i klock ;
i beat Georsre Khman's Fireman; W. H. Jones' j
! Riistan beat A. C. Bradbury's Sardonic; J. i
Ferris' I^eah beat J. J. Hifrsms' Currency; D.
Dowst'a Sarcastic beat J. Sepgerson's White I
Chief; J. KeKßerson's Candelaria beat J. Koe- I
nan's Feai Not: I'- Chamblll's Rocklln Belle, i
a bye; I). Ford's Bonita beat J. Jones' Oali
vant; W. Cramer's Pelia M beat Jeff Marti
net's Buxton; Curl &■ Pon's Cavalier beat
; R. B. fie B. Lopes> I'eplta; J. O'Dowd'i Shoot
over beat I-. Wigglnc' Dexter I'; T. J. Cronin 1 '?
Iron Duke beat R. Prlnßle's Honor Bright; X. !
P. Whiting's St. Anthony beat I. J. Nolte't
Rich ami Artless; J. Perry's Commodore Nash j
beat 11. Allen's Alberta: J. Watklns' Still i
True beat A. Van den Burgh's Kitty V; E.
M. Kelloijfr's lowa Girl beat J. Brodshaw's
Beauty; J. Se&gerson's Gold Hill, a bye.
AT INGLESIDE.
A pood crowd witnessed some excellent
coursing at Ingl< tide j ti rday. Lively
hares gave the hounda many long courses.
Llo w :
Blc annual stake— ' •■"]], Allen & "Wilson's
Daisy Claire beat Murphy ft Toland's Teg. Rose;
11 l>e kelman'a Rocker boat <"urtls & Son's
Karclsiivs: I>. Shannon's Safeguard beat A.
V:in <U-n Burgh's Anxrlcnn Knflc; .1. Mnher's
Rpnicia Roy beat .1. Wren's Costlo Islnnd Hoy;
T. J. Cronln's Thomhill beat T. Logan's Miss
Grizzle; Jlan'ly <fe Fmiih'* Jennie Wilson beat
We & Thompson's Prince Hal: Lowe A
Thompson's BY Oran heat .T. Edmonds' Morning
Glory H A. Deckelmnn'p Lawrence beat
Ruhre'u. Allen ft Wilson's Lady Kmm«i Ru«
efU Allen & Wilson'a Chiragn Hoy eat H.
L%-neh f 8 Mystle Maid; D. Shannon's Boubrette
b<*at J O'Keefer- Johnnie V; ConneU IJros.' hug
Boy beat E. Paumeister's Warrior: Sterl A
Knowloß' Sleety Mist b<»at Curtis & Son's Cash;
F M Kollogg's HumniT b r at Han £ Smith's
Ida.: ,\ Hnlpln'B Dawn beat J. Farley' Cash
Day'- E. M. KellosT* K!<l McCoy beat W. C.
(ilns'son's Terrona; C'irtis & Ron's McKlnley
heat' C C Morris Irma: T). Reptan's Lady
Kenny'"beat T. .1. McTluph'p Maid of the. Mill;
Inrnee Dean'p Connemara i pal ■ onnell Bros. 1
kerorlta; J. Byrnes' Eleven Spot beat T. Gib
i>on's EmpreMi James Byrnes' Nellie 15 beat
Jjciyve ,v Thompson's Jessamy: D. Dillon ■ Black
Hawk beat Connell Bros." Mnmi" I'leasant; J.
H Perlso's B'he bent P. M. Clarkson't Oreen
hnll- Mumhy & Toland's Twilisht Jr. boat
l"ne^ Hvrnw" Battleship; E. M. K<-iin XX 's
Sweet Emma beat U Roblnett's Merciful; Cur
t's <fc Son'fl Vulcan bent E. M. K»!lr-frF's lowa
Maid- Curtis & Bon's Plying Fox beat Lowe &
Thom'ps-on's Pntria; James Dean's Gladlntor
h«-at Ster! & Knowics' Runty Gold; B. Hansen's
I , s Conley beat R. M. Taylor's Naughty Girl;
P M Clarkson's Modesty beat J. O'Dowd'9
rflfton Lass; J. Byrnes' Olympus heat George
Burfcind's Pastime; T. Dphiry's Lily of the
We-t beat T J. Cronln'n Wild Tralee: Frank
Foley'a Moss Rose beat E. M. Kellogg's lowa
Consolation stakA-Xarclssua beat Tea Rose;
American Eagle beat Castle Island Hoy; Miss
Grizzle beat Prince Ha!: Morning Glory beat
Lady Emma": Mystic Maid beat Johnnie F;
CfiHh beat Warrior: Cash Day beat Ida; Ter
rona beat Irma; Senorlta beat Maid of the
Mill- Empress beat Jessamy: Mamie Pleasant
beat Greenhall: Battleship beat Merciful; Pa
trla beat lowa Maid; Rusty Gold beat Naughty
Olrl; Pastime beat Clifton Lass; Wild Tralee
beat' lowa Boy.
For More Sports See Twelfth Page.
THE BAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1899.
DR. WACHENDORF PREFERRED
DEATH TO COCAINE HABIT
DR. C. C. J. WACHENDORF,
who was acquitted on Novem
ber 2 of a charge of murder In
Judge Cook's court, made a des
perate but futile attempt to end his
terday morning. AVlth a razor
he cut his throat, severing the facial
arti ry and nearly severing the jugular
vein. He aluo cut his left wrist.
While Wachendorf tells a story of
having been assaulted by two men who
had a grudge against him. It is plain
that he tried to kill himself because
r.f the fact that he had again become
a victim of the cocaine habit, after
having reformed while in the County
Jail
The attempt at solf-destruction was
made in a room which Dr. \Vache:i
PRISONER WANDY
BADLY SCALDED
Had Planned to Escape
From Jail.
»
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. Nov. Wesson
Wandr, a prisoner in the County Jail
serving thirty days for petit larceny
committed in Bausallto, made his third
attempt to escape from custody to-day.
■\Vandy came near being scalded to
death and created such a scene that for
a brief period the excitement was as In
tense as during the trouble caused a few
days ago by Mary Cuneo and Michae.
Murello. Several days ago Wandy tried
to elude the vigilance of Deputy Sheriff
Lucas and yesterday made an attempt to
fool Sheriff Taylor and regain his free-
< This evening he pulled down the § steam
pipe passing through the "ghost cell,
presumably with the Intention of using
a pifoo of it as a bludgeon to knock the
jailkeeper senseless and make another at
u-mpt to escape. Instantly the hot team
tilled the cell and the prisoner was se
vorelv scalded before lie could retreat to
a corner and throw himself on the floor.
His screams of terror and pain set the
three tramps in an adjoining apartment
to yf-lling and beating their cells and the
jailkeeper ran to the prison door to see
what was the trouble. In a few minutes
the whole jail was dripping with water
and clouds of steam rose to the upper
floor through the hallway. Wandy was
dragged outside almost unconscious, the
firos wero banked and the escape valve
turned on. Things soon quieted down,
but Wandy had to be wrapped in a wet
sheet and given medical treatment.
MONTEREY TOBACCO.
Portions of the Season's Crop Already
Contracted For.
MONTEREY, Nov. 11.— Tobacco grow
ing has takc>n on a greatly Increased In
terest in this locality of late, and since it
has been found possible to raise such a
superior grade of tobacco in Monterey soil
several residents of this Immediate neigh
borhood are preparing to go into the busi
ness of growing it for market on a lar^e
The Foil around Del Monte Grove and
Seaside, suburbs of Monterey, has been
found to be especially good for growing
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE FEAR OF HUMBUG "
Prevents Many People From Trying a
Good Medicine.
Stomnch troubles are so common and in
obstinate to rurc thit peo-
re apt to look with suspicion on any
remedy claiming to be a radical, perma-
nent cure for dyspepsia an<l indigestion.
Many BUCh pride themselves on th.-lr
ness in never bflng humbuprg-ed.
dally in medicine.
This fenr of being humbugged can be
carried too far. so, far. In fact, that many
.. Buffer for years with weak diges-
tion rather than risk a little time .-i ?i <i
money in faithfully testing the chums
n Mir- of a preparation bo reliable an'l uni-
• Stuart's Dyspepsia Tab-
■
Now Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are
vastly different in one Important respect
from ordinary proprietary mf-dicineg for
the reason that they are not a secret
patent medicine, no secret is made of
their Ingredients, but analysis sh-iw*
: them to contain the natural dlgesme
ferments, pure aseptic pepsin, the <llpos-
: live acids. Golden Seal, bismuth, hy-
drastis and nux. They are not cathartic,
neither do they act powerfully on any
I organ, but they cure Indigestion on th«
'common sense plan of digesting the f^od
', eaten thoroughly before it has time to
1 f< rment, sour and cause the mlachli f.
I This is the only secret of their success.
Cathartic pilli never have and never
! can cure Indigestion and stomach troubles
! because they act entirely on the bowels,
; whereas the whole trouble is really in tne
I stomach.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets taken after
! meals digest tho food. That is all there
is to it. Food not digested or half .11-
-d '.y poison, ;is it creates pas, acidity.
! headaches, palpitation of the heart, loss
of tlepii and appetite and many other
troubles which are often called by some
other name.
They are sold by druppists everywhere
at 50 cents per package. Address F. A.
Stuart Co.. Marshall, Mich., for little
[ book on stomach diseases, sent free.
dorf rented a week ago In a house at
1010 Montgomery street, and but for
the timely discovery of his condition,
made at 7 o'clock yesterday morning
by the woman who takes care of the
apartment he has occupied, Wachen
dorf would unquestionably have bled
to death. As it was, he was taken
to the Harbor Hospital In a weakened
condition, and it took considerable ef
fort to revive him and place him be
yond the danger mark. Wachendurf
will survive, but will bear frightful
scars as a reminder of the attempt lie.
made to kill himself.
Wl.cn Warhendorf was arquitteii of
the charge of murdering John Kehlen
bt-ek he boasted that his Imprisonment
had cured him of the cocaine habit. It
appeared that he had actually rallied
from the hold the vice had made on
him, and the fact was commentr-d
upon by the press. It now appears that
his return to the use of cocaine was
coincident with his release from pris
on, and his attempt upon his life was
due to despair over ever overcoming
the habit. Drs. Holmes and Dorr
worked over him most assiduously,
however, and saved his life after a
hard struggle.
tobacco and it Is there most of thi seed
] will be sown. It is said between three and
I four hundred acres will be planted In to
i bacco the coming season. A portion of
i the crop has already been conLractod for
| with an Kastern tobacco firm.
I 'U". T. Ball of Seaside, a pioneer of the
j State, claims to be the pioneer in tobacco
growing in California, having brought the
1 ?"ed to California from St. Louis, Mo., in
1849. !i" has gr iwn more or less of it ever
since In different sections of the State,
and in 1864 raised 125 tons of it at S;in
; Juan for Flint. Bixby & Co., of that place
to be used in making sheep dip. Mr. Ball
is one of the prospective Monterey grow
ers, Intending to plant about fifteen acres
in tobacco this season. He has an agree
mrnt to sell his entire crop at a good iig
ure to an Eastern firm.
SCHOONER NORMA
IS ON THE ROCKS
Wrecked After Waiting Two Weeks
for a Favorable Opportunity to
Enter the Harbor.
FORT BRAGG, Nov. 11.— The schooner
Norma. Captain Peterson, after lying out
side two weeks awaiting a favorable op
portunlty to enter the harbor, made the
attempt this afternoon at about 4 o'clock.
She drifted upon rocks, where slip will
probably be a total loss. The crew es
caped In safety.
EARLY IN THE FIELD.
Harry Edwards Announces Himself
Candidate for Mayor of San Jose.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 11.— Next spring's city
election, the first under the new charter,
promises to be an exciting one, for al
ready there is a stir among; prospective
candidates for Mayor. To-day Harry J.
Edwards, manager of the Electric Im
provement Company, announced himself
as a candidate for that office. This was
at the solicitation of a number of citizens.
The early launching of the Edwards
boom is somewhat of a surprise. The elec
tion does not occur until May, and this
gives Edwards' forces nearly six months'
time to prepare for the election. Edwards'
platform is a short one. It Is for a greater
San Jose, economical city government,
and such beautifying and improvement of
the city as to attract, nomeseekera Ills
ami-gang proclivities' will secure him
much support, and as he is very popular
be will make a hard fight. Edwards' com
pany has been the means of cutting the
gas and electric light rate in half and
this will give an impetus to the boom He
also stands on his reputation as Park
Commissioner.
DROWNED IN A VAT.
I Epileptic Ranch Hand Falls Into a
i Solution of Sulphate of Copper.
I.OS ANGELES. Nov. 11.— Deputy Cor
i oner Strubel returned from the Patton
ranch, In the San Fernando Valley, to
! day. bringing with him the body of
! Thomas Wilson, who died Thursday. Wil
i son, who was a Canadian, had only been
j employed on the ranch about five "weeks,
! and was subject to epileptic fits Thurs
day he was working in a barn in which
was a large trough divided into two com
partments, one of which contained a so'.u
--■ tom of sulphate of copper, used for soak- !
ing wheat before planting.
: Wilson was standing on the trough, one
I foot on either side, and it is. supposed :
that while in that position he was strick
en with a fit. and losing consciousness fell
into the trough in such a manner that ais
! stomach struck ,on the partition. His
bead was thus Immersed in the Milestone
solution, and there being no help at hnnd
<he was drowned. An Inquest was heid
; this morning at Garrett's undertaking
rooms, the Jury returning a verdict of
! accidental death.
RATES AGAIN CUT.
Oregon and Burlington Lines Have
Not Taken a Hand.
BBATTLB, Nor. 11.— The Chicago ticket
Involved in the transcontinental rate war
dropped to-daj to %%* and the St. Paul
ticket to 532. The Great Northern is nlso
waking v BUt to Missouri River points.
but owinK to light travel the Oregon and
Burlington lines have not taken a liana,
nithnug'h both have orders to meet any
rate '(i protect business. No settlement
of the difficulty is in sight
Helping Methever.
].(>P A.NOBLKS, Nov. 11.— Several affl-
davits were presented this morning in 1
support of the application for a new trial i
of E. V. Methever, the old cobbler who
shot and killed Dorothy MeKw at Long
lioach and was convicted of murder. The
affidavit wns from Mrs. Methever of San
I, who testified that her husband
had 'irank larso quantities of liquor for
several years Lu'ore her separation from
him ana that he had spells in which he
believed he had grievances against other
p< iple. Sometimes he threatened to kill
them. Tht- defense at the former triul
was lnsnnlty induced by alcohol.
Fruit-Growers' Convention.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 11.— The twenty-fourth i
State convention of the fruit growers of
California will convene in this rity on
Tuesday, December 12. The meetings will
last four days and will be under the
auspices of the State Board of Horticul
ture.
CLARK'S AGENT
UP FOR BRIBERY
The Montana Senatorial
Scandal Reopened.
SUPREME COURT'S HEARING
Legislators Testify That He Sought
to Buy Their Votes for the
Millionaire Mine-
Owner.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ANACONDA, Mont., Nov. 11.-This week
the time of the Supreme Court of Mon
tana haa been taken up with the hearing:
of the charges against John B. Wellcome,
one of W. A. Clark's attorneys, who was
Clark's confidential man during the Sen
atorial election last winter and who iB ac
cused of having distributed at that time
i large sums of money in the alleged bri-
I bery of members of the Legislature in the
interest of Clark. The process pending in
i the Supreme Court is for the disbarment
! of Wellcome.
i Last January in joint session of the Leg
islature $30,000, chiefly in bills of the de- ;
: nomination of $1000, was passed to the pre- ;
I siding officer's desk. The testimony then
l taken was that Wellcome had given this
money to three members of the Senate—
Whiteeide, Clar«. and Meyers. These
three declared that they took the money
for the purpose of exposing the bribery.
Other members of the Legislature were
Involved in the exposure. The matter j
passed to the Grand Jury, which was \
! asked to find that either there was bri
bery in the Interest of Clark or a con-
I splracy against him. The Grand Jury
i brought in a non-committal report.
Soon after the Legislature adjourned an
action was started in which the Supreme '
Court was asked to hear evidence under ]
disbarment proceedings against Well- I
come. The preliminaries were thoroughly |
argued at several sittings of the Supreme i
Court, counsel for Wellcome strenuously I
denying the court's jurisdiction. Weeks i
passed. At length tne Supreme Court an* |
nounced that it would try the issue and j
j the hearing began last Monday.
Whiteside testified to having had direct
I dealings with Wellcome in several trans
actions involving the purchase of votes.
, State Senator Clark of Madison County
; testified that on appointment he was in |
Wellcome'a room at the Helena Hotel: j
that Whiteside was present: that Well- '<
:' come counted out ten $1000 blils; that these \
were put in an envelope and marked by
; State Senator Clark with his initials In
the presence of Whiteside and Wellcome;
: that Wellcome proposed that the money
thus placed in the envelope and marked
be put In Whtteslde's care, the bargain
being that State Senator Clark was to
t vote for W. A. Clark as long as Well
come should request him to do it.
Senator Meyers of Ravalll County testi
. fled that the $10,000 in the envelope mark- j
; ed with liis initials, which was also de
, posited with the State Treasurer last win
ter, was given to him as he supposed for
the purchase of his vote for W. A. Clark.
Speaker Stiff of Missoula County testi
fied that from one of Clark's agents he
was urged to accept $10,000. he to retire
from the Speakership contest and vote for j
Clark for Senator.
The impression is, under the ruling |
made to-day, that the Supreme Court will ;
confine the testimony strictly to the i
| charges that relate directly to the ac- j
1 cured, Wellcome, whose lawyers are mak- !
Ing a sturdy defense. The hearing will l
probably consume the court's time for an- i
other week. The case gets Its especial
Interest from the fact that all persons j
concerned regard it as the preface to the j
proposed action to have W. A. Clark's :
in the Federal Senate declared va-
I cant on the ground of bribery.
Toll Road Purchased.
T.AKEPORT, Nov. 11.— The I.nke County
Supervisors bought the Lakeport-Hopland
toll road yesterday from Julius Long for
$8000, of which amount Mendoclno County
Will pay $KiOO. The mad cost nearly $30,000
when built, but the Highland Springs road
reduced its value.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GIVEN AWAY!
100,000 WATCHES!
We have Just received the first shipment of i
our contract for 100,000 watches. All those hold- ;
; lnp checks will please present them and get a
watch.
These watches are guaranteed for ONE
; TEAR. It you should get one that does not
keep time return it and get another in its
place.
Every hoy and girl should have a watch
i when it can be had for nothing.
We have four styles of watches.
One given with a ij*ls purchase
One with a $20 purchase !
One with a $25 purchase
And one with a 9"IO purchase
We have the largest store and the largest
stock of
I BOOTS anc *
SHOES
!On the Pacific Coast to select from. ALL
STYLES. Ladl«i' shoes from 91. .10 to 57.00
; per pair and men's shoes from IfU.OO to $8.00
i per nalr. [
Like the watches. If not satisfactory return
them and tret your money back.
You have nothing to lose and all to gain by
dealing with us.
[■' you do not need sufficient shoes to get a
watch ask your frier.rts to save their cash
' checks for you.
SEE OUR WINDOWS
SEND FOR OUR NEW CATALOGUE.
NOLAN BROS.,
PHELAN BUILDING,
812-814 MARKET STREET.
l/fIDAV Premoand
EVUUfIIV Poco Agency
Agent for Willis & Clements'
PLATINOTYPE PAPER
«^ 538 Market St.
rWW AMD PILLS la
is* 70 Years Success g
|ga in every quarter c? the Globe I
M PROMPT POWERFUL PURIFIERS M
ifll|i THS VE3Y BEST OP ALL Ma H
Wk^ BLOOD'' LIVER CLEANSERS.^!
STHSVEVY DEST OP ALL >n#*
, BLOOD^' LIVER CLEANSE nS.ffl&
COKE COKE!
p. a. McDonald,
Wholesale Dealer and Shipper of Coke.
1 OFFICE 813 FOLSOM ST.
LI HUNG CHANG
OPPOSES THE WAR
Says the United States
Is Foolish.
♦
MIGHT BETTER SELL OUT
♦
Corps of Fifty Volunteers Raised in
Hongkong to Help the Brit
ish in the Trans
vaal.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C, Nov. 11.— Japanese I
papers received by the steamer Saint
■ Irene from Yokohama contain an inter- ;
, vi«w given by Li Hung Chang to an
i American soldier correspondent at Peking. :
• The Japan Advertiser, which obtained
■ the interview from the correspondent, I
1 says:
"Tn discussing the question of the war j
in the Philippine Islands the old Chinese
statesman said the United States should
not now be fighting there. He blamed
the United States severely for having de • J
I serted its traditional policy, and assured '
j an American officer who accompanied the
correspondent that had President Grant
been alive now the country would never
have entered on such a policy as that
which induced the struggle now going or.
. in the Philippines. He prophesied that it [
! would be disastrous to the United States
j if It continued to enforce such a policy."
When asked If China would object to
the raising of several regiments of Chi
nese mercenaries to fight the Filipinos, he
said China would not object if they were
enlisted In the Philippines and with the
knowledge and consent of the Consul
I there. "In my opinion," said Li Hung
] Chang to the interviewer, "the best thing
the United States can do Is to sell the
Philippine Islands to Japan, who, I have
reason to believe, would readily buy them
for the sum paid to Spain for them.
Then, with the question disposed of bet
ter than it ever will be under the present
! policy, the United States should clear off
home, and, dropping the idea of a Philip
pine Island colony, attend to Its own busi
ness." If this course was not pursued,
the next best way, he thought, was to
buy Aguinaldo out.
The Saint Irene brought the largest
■ cargo ever carried out of a Japanese port.
I She brought 6000 dead weight, or about
\ 10,000 measurement. News was brought
by her that Hongkong raised a corps of
fifty volunteers who were offered to Brit
ain for service in the Transvaal. Manila
also offered a corps. Neither was ac
cepted by the War Office.
A Japanese paper, referring to ihe
Manila corps, says: "It is a well-known
j fact that there are at least 2000 British
I subjects fighting for the United States In !
■ the Philippines." i
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"The Sup/erne Novelist of the Cen-
tury . . . in his splendid
solitude. ' '
BALZAC
Absolutely the ONLY complete translation
IN THE WORLD.
M. W. Hazeltine in the New York Sun
says:
"ADMIRABLY PRINTED AND IL-
LUSTRATED. BARRIE & SON'S Edi-
tion is NEITHER ABRIDGED NOR EX-
PURGATED, and is the only ENGLISH
VERSION which may claim to present
EVERYTHING contained In the EDI-
TION DEFINITIVE brought out in
Paris."
THE ONLY COMPLETE EDITION.
"A Gentleman in Tacoma writes to
inquire whether there is any English"
translation of Balzac that is complete
and unexpurgated. We reply that
there is only one such translation, and
that is published by Messrs. George
Barrie & Son, of Philadelphia."
—The Bookman, Oct. 1899.
"There Is only one way to understand
Balzac, and that is to read his works and
to read them consecutively. • ♦ « He
himself indicated this when he arranged
his Edition Definitive."— In-
quirer.
The BARRIE editions of Balzac are ad-
mittedly the BEST examples of book-
making issued, and have NO EQUAL in
the world.
The TEXT is printed on paper of super-
fine quality from type made especially for
these editions.
Etchings, printed on Japan paper by
FAIVRE. LOS RIOB, OUDART. LE SEUER.
JEANNIN, DEBLOIS, NARGE.OT.
MONGIN, GAUJEAN,
DECIST. Etc.
After drawings by
ADI 3N-MOREAU. TOUDOUZE. CORTAZZO,
ROBAUDI, VIDAL,, FOURXIER,
CAIN, BUSSIERE, Etc.
The plates, prepared especially for these
editions by the best French water-color
painters (the most capable of illustrating
Balzac), are unequaled; they are printed :
on Japan paper of best quality in the |
highest style of art. and ire liberally dis-
tributed through the pages.
Full information, specimen pages, etch-
ings, prices, etc., will be promptly fur-
nished by the publishers.
GEORGE BARRIE & SON,
1313 Walnut street. Philadelphia,
Furniture Buyers
Call and examine my prices on furniture,
carpets, stoves, etc., before purchasing else-
where. You can save fully 20 per cent by buy-
Ing here. Liberal credit extended to all; $60
worth of furniture for $1 per week.
Estimates given on complete house furnish-
ing from cellar to garret.
T. BRILLIANT,
338-340 POST ST.,
Bet. Stockton and Powell.
Orp. Union Square.
Free delivery Oakland, Alameda and Berke-
ley. Open evenings.
J|?j3) C&tcfeostcr's Ecellsh Diamond Brand,
PC&tcbostnr'G Frellsh Diamond Krand.
ENNYR9YAL PIUS
j) ~<SrViv Original and Only Qeauino. *,
{J^i-^»iifi^b,"i'.n'ii Ilrand ia Hod and Gold nif.amcV\jkf
"gy -OfiifijboM*. »ral«d with bleo rtbton. Take V»T
T*^ <&fe njlio other. Ktfu-tc dangertn. . subj'ift*. v
!L. ~ fB tions 9nd int «"i> I"- At Drnggiits, or > " a **
ISI JW "itcKof for 01 " 1 - «««tooaUli iii
YO* K2 " KeUof for tndlso." in letter, br rctan
S^IDR. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
MBWJgf Five hundred reward for any
■T *^8 case we cannot cure. This secret
|JL-« ' tm-*& remedy stops all losses in 24
Hb« Buavl hours, cures Emissions. ImDo-
UfLi MUM t . e , noy " Varlcocele, Gonorrhoea,
MM B3Wi Gleet - Flts> Strictures, Lost
Ifw— JJWw Manhood and all wasting effects
— *f- .— ■ • of «elf-abus» or excesses. Sent
•ealed, |2 bottle; 3 bottles, $5; guaranteed to
cure any case. Address HALLS MEDICAL, IN-
STITUTE. 855 Broadway, Oakland. Cal. Also
for tale at 1073% Market St.. S. F. All private
dii«a*e« quickly cured. Send tor free book.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
j EASY |
1 LriiViui
1 LADIES' 1
j Tailor-made I
| Suits 1
to
! Order.
\ Sold on \
\ Installment \
Plan.
| Prices $20 to $65.
I
| 16-18-20 GRANT AYE., 3
\ Bet. Market and Geary. I
EQUITABLE
Land Located In the Very Center of
OIL BELT IN KERN COUNTY.
Surrounded by Flowing Wells.
Midway Between
Goalinga and McKittrick Districts,
160 ACRES.
Title United States Patent.
Limited quantity of Treasury Stock now for
sale for development purposes only at
ONE DOLLAR PER SHARE.
No further stock will be offered except at an
ADVANCE IN PRICE.
Stock listed on California Oil Exchange.
Office 405 Montgomery St., Room 5
Ban Francisco, Cal.
AUCTION
BY
YON RHEIN & CO.,
513 California Street,
Thursday, Nov. 16, 1899,
At 12 M. Sharp.
VAX NESS AYE. ARTISTIC HOME.
23x100— 2022 Van Ness. S. of Pacific; 12-room
hcuse; the most artistic front in the city;
owner leaves country.
NEAR ELLIS AND LEAVENWORTH:
RENTS $130.
53x36—1-8 Cohen place, off Ellis, W. of Leav-
en worth; 8 modern flats; reduced present rent
$130; 5 minutes' walk from Market st.
HANDSOME HAYES-ST. DWELLING.
25x75—1307 Hayes; 8 rooms and bath; 2 car
lines; k«y lot; sunny; attractive home; need»
to be seen to be appreciated.
CORNER LEAVENWORTH AND BROAD-
WAY; RENTS $38.
40x6S — S. E. cor. Leavenworth and Broadway;
2 houses; rents $33; sold without limit by order
of referee; 1624-1626 Leavenworth; 1131 Broad-
way.
CORNER GOUGH AND PINE.
S3xSl— Irregular; 1799 Pine; S. E. cor. of Pin*
and Gough; choice neighborhood, adjoining
: home of J. F. Kennedy Esq., and facing homa
i of M. J. McDonald Esq.
OCTAVIA CORNER, NEAR MARKET AND
HAIGHT.
87:6x60— N. W. cor. Octavla and Rose; 151 to
155 Octavia: 3 dwellings; rents $90.
CALIFORNIA-ST. HOME; RENTS $30.
22:6x57:6— 5. line of California, 70 feet E.
of Pierce; 2527 California; cosey 7-room modern
! dwelling.
11 LOTS, FOUNTAIN, NEAR TWENTY-
FIFTH ST.
i N. W. cor. Fountain and Twenty-fifth sts.— lX
! lots, with corner SoxlOO; rest 25x100 and 25x110;
as a whole or In lots.
NOE. S. OF NINETEENTH. 7 LOTS.
171x123— West line of Noe, S of Nineteenth St.:
as a whole or In 7 lots; a number of new
' buildings In this block are sold and occupied.
FREDERICK. NEAR COLE.
2."xl"7:6— Splendid for a dwelling or flats; S.
line of Frederick, 150 west of Cole.
GUERRERO-ST. DWELLING.
24:6x125—1321 Guerrero, E. line, 251 ft. S. of
Twenty-fifth; 9 rooms and bath; modern;
Twenty-fifth St., now runs through from San
Jcse aw.
2 60-VARA, KEARNY AND LOMBARD.
275 on Kearny, 137:6 on Lombard. 137:6 o»
Chestnut; whole or In divisions; 4 old houses;
large demand for cheap homes in that neigh-
borhood.
STYLISH DWELLING; RENT $35.
22:6x107:6— N0. 1917 Vallejo. W. of Octavla:
10-room modern home; marine view; rent $55.
1899-TAXES-1899
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT THE
first installment of Real Estate Taxes and all
unpaid Personal Property Taxes will be delin-
quent and 15 per cent added on MONDAY,
November 27. at 6 o'clock d. m. ;
NO CHECKS RECEIVED AFTER SATUR-
DAY EVENING. NOVEMBER IS.
OFFICE OPEN FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
EVENINGS. November 24 and 25, from 7 to 1
o'clock.
EDWARD I. SHEEHAN,
Tax Collector of the City and County of San
Francisco.
3 3tlS O " ICiO ""»p\ "•"
TKE HOWIE REMEDY S'TokS
for FEMALE COMPLAINTS £v ft 3&
'■ go wrong. For all these pains, ailments and dimrnlt.:« no
' remedy on earth c __~ Til*. Eaulljr applied. Relieve*
equali thefamauiSttßO-UlO all uterine pains In
EIO minute*. Promptly relieves Headache,
KiU<», Blood and Bladder Trouble*, Faintness.
Nervousness Fear and PespondeneT. Curen
Uterine Complaint*, Backache, Bearing Down
frame. Safe. »ure and Ab^olutely^my
S^Tnb'cVi'T Di r m n ssLi7iir iv druggist*.
I UrO ALL lAlri or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt
IN 10 MINUTES Thf'lVrr'pl n Co. r»ttnn Bldg. Chicago
Sold in San Francisco and Oakland by the Owl Drug Co.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
Is A GREAT KKSTOHATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and - Special
| Tonic for the Sexual Organs of both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid.
i cey-* and Bladder. Sells on its own Merita.
... .< NABER, ALFS & BRUNE, Agent*,
[ J23 Market street, S. F.— (Send tor Circular.*
78
CAUGHT IN THE MESHES OF THE LAW
CAPTAIN HENRY KILLED
BY THE CHIEF OFFICER
Murderer Takes Advantage of
a Storm Off the Horn.
Ship Cyrus Wakefield Arrives With but One
Member of the Crew That Was Aboard
When the Tragedy Occurred.
<\7? <" /AB r ' a P ta!n F - T - Henr y of the I
\\.- v/ /V A '"' r '"'■'■ ship Cyrus Wakefleld I
VoVVi/7 murdered °^ ape Horn, or
aXi was he killed by being washed
by a sea off the poop to the \
deck: below
The Wakeneld arrived in port yesterday j
tuid the log shows that "on June 15, about j
I-.ZQ' p. m., shipped a heavy sea on the j
etarboard quarter, which tick Captain j
Henry and knocked him off the after- ;
house down en the dork. He struck I
ngaiilst some iron and received some ter- j
rible injuries to his chest, back and hips, j
nr.d his head was cut to pieces. We car
ried'him' Into the cabin and did every- I
thing In our power to restore conscious
ness, but failed, and Captain Henry died
at Sf2o p. m." Thin entry was made on
the log: by First Mate Williamson.
Thomas Yisiga, the steward of the Cy
prus Wakefield, is the only man left aboard
who knows anything about the tragedy,
and he says Captain Henry was mur
tdered. Furthermore, he says the killing
•was done by Mate Williamson with a
hammer,- and that the man at the wheel
and other witnesses of the tragedy were
, till paid off at Port Stanley and are now
'scattered to the four quarters of the
globe.
The Cyrus Wakefield left New York for
Ban Francisco on April 4 last with a gen
eral earj-'tj. Captain F. T. Henry was in
command, and his first and second officers
■wore 11. Williamson and A. Johnson. The
vessel had fair weather to the Horn, and
then in' a succession of pales the vessel
Vegan- to leak and the pumps broke down.
Captain Henry and Mate Williamson had
been quarreling almost from the time the
chip left New York, and on June 15 J when
the captain was killed; the mate decided
to put into Port Stanley; In the Falkland
Islands. There he paid off the five men
who had been on deck when Captain
Henry was killed, and left the ship him
self. The American ship John R. Kelly
had been wrecked in" Port William, near
port Stanley, just before the arrival of
the Cyrus wakefleld so Captain Chap
man took command of her, and finding
her to be very much trained can to
Fan Francisco via the Cape of Good
[op* .
The tale of the killing of Captain Henry
Is thus told by Steward Thomas Visiga:
"The captain and mate were always quar
reling," said be yesterday. "Mate Wil
liamson did not like the old man, and told
him so on numerous occasions. On the
night -of the killing the mate got a ham
mer from the carpenter nt a quarter to 7
and when ho came down from the poop
Jl Method That Means Heath, Freedom and Certainty of Permanent Restoration to the
Ruptured, Whether Man, Woman or Child,
There Is a cheap and certain home cure for i
rupture that will cure without pain, danger, :
suffering or detention from work. It Is the
Invention of Dr. W. 8. Rice. 41SB Main St.,
Aflsims, N. V.. and has made thousands of
men and women happy with a new physical
freedom and has given hundreds of children
en assurance of future success who otherwise
would have been cripples for life. Dr. Rice
has .'a most extraordinary list of testimonials, I
many -of whom had been ruptured for fifty
years. Their glowing words Of tribute to the
doctor's skill and genius are as flattering as
they are- Indicative of the Intense happiness
which hir patients have since experienced. By !
writing to Dr. W. S. Rice. USB Main .st., '
Adams-, N. V.. he will send you a complete i
description of his homo cure so that the patient |
will see how easily and quickly he may cure i
himself at home, cheaply, painlessly, while
not losing an hour from the dally work. Do
Dot .fail to write at once, and If you know of
others who are ruptured write for them also.
They will greatly appreciate your kindness.
This famous method of cure Is continuous,
goes on day and night, onuses no Inconvenience
nor pain and securely binds the broken muscles
together so they heal and become Just as solid
as If there had never t><><»n a rupture. By be-
ginning the treatment now you will be cured
long before the harder work of the busy spring
reason opens up. Do not fall to Investigate
this remarkable cure for any and all ruptures.
he still had the hammer In Mb hand and
there was blood on It. I hrui supper on
the table, and I said, "Will you have
something to eat, Mr. Williamson? 1 and
he said. By and by,' and went into his
room. Ten minutes later I asked him
afcain, and he said, 'By and by I will send
two men to help you.'
"Between the tim© I asked htm first
and the time he told me he would send
two men to help me a big sea had broke
aboard and flooded the cabin. Second
M:'t? J( hnson ran into the cabin and said:
'Mr Williamson, Mr. Williamson, the cap
tain is hurt. 1 'All right. 1 said Mr. Wil
liamson, 'bring: him down here." Now,
there was no need to bring him down, as
he had beer, washed from the after-house
down on the deck.
MURDER AND WRECKS OFF CAPE HORN.
Captain Chapman's wife and daughter and Miss lOene watch the John
R. Kelly go to pieces in Port William, and Steward Thomas Vlsiga is the only
man on the Wakefleld who can tell anything about the manner in which Cap
tain Henry met his death.
"A few minutes passed and then >ir.
Johnson rushed in again and said. 'Mr.
Williamson, the captain Is dying.' 'All
right,' answered the mate again; 'bring
him down here and lay him on his
• 'aptain Hrnry was carried in from the
<V<-k and laid out on the cabin floor. The
mate went to the medicine chest and,
making up a mixture, tried to get the
captain to take it. The dying man rolled
his head and I heard him say. 'No, no!
don't let him, Mr. Johnson.' His month
whs forced open, however, and Mr. Wil
liamson made him swallow it, saying,
■ 'Drink it down; It will do you good.'
i About 8:30 p. m. the captain died.
"When we got into Port Stanley the
mate took possession of the ship's money
and paid off the man who was at the
CURES ANY
RUPTURE.
j A Painless, Safe and Cheap Home Cure That
Any One Can Use.
Mr. G. Nllson of Sogn, Minn., had two very
'bad scrotal ruptures both of which he cured
— ~— -^ permanently at his
/^j^S33J&»>^\ home without suf-
/^SS^Ss^SSyffiiX ferlng any pain or
/jfsL''Se^ lf '^\^S^\ losln s an >' t|me
I EtaPt'^ V»S«»\ f rom w °rk. He used
/«W4 13PiM\ tne famous Rice
/ Hw3K <iSBk -^% WwK* i I:: '"" 1 an( l says of
jgsvS,*,"*^ BSS'KKifcj It: "This wonder-
\ U«*i- Sw'^4 I >'53SBJ / ful liome cure has
X%tt'-*M'^$WSB3 P rov en to be all
\\*^'J* ; '*«iiis'-4^S'/ that could be do-
Aw'wWSw'/ Bired - * Rm fuiiy
iv*tiS9/ rured of two bad
xjFi&Sl&Q^fyV&Bfc scrotal ruptures
oiK^^Ty'C-pScJ * nd am very grate-
Xjjg[y^S«-4£S*^ ful to Dr. Rice
>, r x. TT enw for having Invented
MR. O. MLSon. such a God-send. I
hope all people who are ruptured will use
It. Send your name and address to It
W. S. Rice. 4188 Main street. Adams, N.
1., and he will gladly send you full
instructions as to how you can quickly and
easily cure yourself at home at small cost.
Write to-day. Don't wait. If you begin now
you will be cured sound as a dollar long before
spring work begins.
THE SAN FR AN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1899.
wheel when the captain and mate were
quarreling near the wheelhouse. He also
paid off the four men who took refuge in
the rigging just before ihe sea broke
aboard and who had seen everything that
took place. Then he left the ship him
self and Captain Chapman of the John R,
Kelly took command. Captain Honry's
head was terribly battered and I am cer
tain he never got the wounds by being
washed from the after-house to the deck.
I think the mate tried to kill him with
the hammer and finished him with a dose
of !audajium."
The remains of Captain Henry are now
aboard the Cyrus Wakefleid and an au
topsy may show whether the wounds on
the head were accidental or inlllcted
with a hammer.
Captain Chapman, the present com
mander of the Cyrus "Wakefleld, is ac
companied by his wife and daughter and
Mis.-- Lydia F. Keene, who is acting as
governess and companion Tor Miss Chap
man. They all left New York for San
Francisco In the John K. Kelly and had
a delightful voyage until Cape Horn was
reached. There very heavy weather was
mtered and the vessel sprang: a leak.
Captain Chapman decided to run into Port
Stanley for repairs and reached Port Wil
liam in safety on May 24. The next day,
accompanied by Mrs. and Miss Chapman
and Miss Keene, he went ashore at Stan
ley to enter his ship. The party had not
been an hour ashore before a sudden
storm came up and the Kelly parting her
anchors was driven ashore on a reef.
Almost before the watchers on the beach
could express their consternation the
ship's back was broken and the waves
were washing: over her fore and aft. The
men took to the ringing and were flna^y
rescued, but the snip became a total
wreck.
Everything that the captain and his
family owned in the world went down
in the wreck and Just as they were pre
pared to taice passage for Valparaiso the
Cyrus Waketield put Into port with Cap
tain Henry dead. Captain Chapman then
took command and brought the Wakefleld
to San Francisco. lie reported to the
owner? that the ship was strained and
that he would come here via the Cape of
Rope. The voyage from Stanley
vim un< ventful except that a young man
named David Dean fell overboard a week
ago and was drowned. He was a great
favorite with everybody on the ship and
officers and crew have not yet recovered
from the shock caused by his death.
WEDERINTY FINED.
Must Pay One Hundred Dollars for
Corresponding' With His Own
Grass Widow.
Oregon T. Wedekind was sentenced yes
terday mornjng by United States District
Judge de Haven to pay a fine of $100, or,
in default thereof, to remain in Jail until
the fine shall have been paid. As the sen
tence would be equivalent to life impris
onment in the case of a poor man like
Wedekind, the law has wisely provided
that the Indigent prisoner may be. set free
at the end of thir'y days, the unpaid fine
to stand against him a» a judgment to be
collected by execution should he ever
cmc into poss*3Bion of anything worth
attaching.
Wed' kind's offense was in sending to his
wife through the mails several obscene
letters accusing her of conduct unbecom
ing a lady of high or low degree. She had
separated from him, and his evil genius
induced him to vent his resentment by
means of pen, ink and paper arid a post
age stamp.
"GRATTERS" IN COURT.
The Cases of A. E. Meadows and Ike
Willis Continued for Hearing 1 .
The case of A. E. Meadows, charged
with "sraftinß" in the City Hall corri
dors, was called In Judge nogan'a court
yesterday. The Judge Bald that he did
nut <;m to try the case, ;is Meadows he
knew, was a personal enemy ami he re
ciprocated the feeling. He deemed it ad
visable, therefore, that anothr-r Judge
should hear the case. It was assigned to
Judge Graham's court and will be tried
to-morrow morning.
Ike Willis, the other "grafter," had his
case assigned to No. 2 Court, presided
over by Justice of the Peace Karry in
the absor.ee nf Judge Conlan. It was by
consent continui d till tn-mnrrow morning.
Attorney McGregor, who represented Wil
lis, said that his client had procured em
ployment and would keep away from the
corridors.
Supreme Court in Sacramento.
The Justices of the Supreme Court de
parted yesterday for Sacramento, where
they will hold court during the coming
week. It was expected that several im
portant cases would be handed down be
fore the court would meet at the capital,
but recently none of special Interest has
been rendered. The Justices will be back
in this city on or about tho 20th.
Common whisky is a curse — the Old Gov
ernment Is a blessing. • [_
WIFE MURDERER
MIGUEL ESQUEDA
SENT TO PRISON
Is Given the Limit of
the Law.
-♦ —
HIS AGED MOTHER'S PLEA
«
ASKS TEE COURT TO SEND HIM
TO SAN QTTENTTN.
— * = ■*,
♦
Judge iLawlor Grants Her Bequest
and Sentences the Inhuman
Criminal to Ten Years'
Imprisonment.
Miguel Esqueda, the Inhuman murderer
of his wife, Soledad Esqueda, who was
convicted of manslaughter by a lenient
jury in Judge Lawlor'a court, was sent to
San Quentin Prison yosterday for a term
of ten years, the limit allowed by law fur
the offense committed. During the trial
of the convict it developed that he wu a
perverted monster. Without cause h«
locked his wife, then in pour health. In a
room of their dwelling at 1317 Powell
street, and when she protested ho beat
her down with lists and bludgeon, and as
she pleaded for mercy kicked her on the
abdomen until unconsciousness ended her
misery. Some time later she- was found
by other occupants of the huuße and car
ried to her deathbed. Restoratives were
administered and she came back to con
sciousness just long enough to make a
statement of the brutal abuse she had
suffered at the hands of her murderer
and then succumbed.
The trial of Esqueda occupied several
days, but the doubt raised as to whether
or not the wretch meant to kill his wife
resulted in n verdict of manslaughter,
which is defined as the unlawful killing
oj" a human being without malice. Es
'. happj at i lie thought that he had
escaped the gallows, failed to make a mo- j
tlon for a new ferial, and yesterday he was
taken before Judge Lawlor for sentence.
j\s the prisoner stood before the bar
Judge Lawlor said:
"The same Impulse which has led you to
refrain fn.m making a motion for a new
an Impulse which bespeaks your
knowledge ol your own gnillt and proves;
your thankfulness for your fortunate es
from <i worse fate— prompts mo in
. g Judgment upon you to Impose the
maximum punishment allowed by law
for the offense of which yon have been
adjudged guilty. The offense committal ;
Is Ipso facto murder. T:ie killing of a'
human being, although unintentional, by
;i person engaged in the commission of |
the crimes of burglary, robbery, mahem i
or criminal assault upon a female is held
to 1"- murder, but in this case the law is
■ nt. It is the Judgment of this court
ou be confined in the State Prison
at San Quentin for a term of ten years."
Bsquida would have been sent Into the
quarries of Folsom Prison but for the in
tervention of his apr^d mother. Hh>' e;unr>
into court at the opening of the sitting
and pleaded with the court to Bend her
son to San Quentin, as Bhe had but a :
short time on this earth and wanted him !
to be near bo that Bhe could visit him as
often as possible during the closing days ■
of her life. Judge Lawlor granted ber
request, and the convict, his murder. <1
wire in the grave and his aped mother j
nearlng th<» tomb with a broken heart,
left the court on his way to prison.
James F. Kelly, who shot hiH wife.
Florence, pome time ago in their Rrannan I
• home and who was convicted on a
charge of assault with intent to commit
munW, was given Fix years in San Quen
tin by Judge Dunne. William W. Han
ley, who t • >->k a camera away from a
stranger while under the Inffuence of
liquor, was sentenced to pay a fine of $50
or spend twenty-fivfl days in Jail.
COURT NOTES.
Judges Cook, T,awlor and Dunne, Bitting
in bank, have affirmed the judgment of
the Police Court imposed upon P. Ilart
man for cruelty to animals. Hartman
was driving a horse covered with sores
when he was arrested. Judge Treadwell
him JlcO. but an appeal was taken
with the result that the judgment was
affirmed.
Mrs. Minnie Adams, who was convicted
of the murder of her infant son, John
Richard Gray, appeared again before
Judge Lawlor yesterday morning for yen
but as usual a motion for a new
trial deferred the passing of Judgment.
The motion will be argued at a later date.
The action instituted by J. A. Murphy
against Samuel C. Hammond and other
members of the Butchers' Board of Trade
to recover damages <m the ground that
the defendants had conspired to boycott
him- has been dismissed by Judge Sea
well. During the trial it developed that
the plaintiff had violated a rule of the
board and that the various members were
within the law when they refused t.' Bell
him meat. The dismissal Is the result.
Giletti and C. E. Whitmore
ha\p sued <_'. Dondero to recover Smu.'i^j
damages fur breach of contract. Plaint
iffs allege that Dondero invented a pro
for tanning hides which they agreed
to purchase for $100,000, but subsequently
the defendant refused to sell, to their
■•■ in the sum sued for.
O. D. Whitney has sued W. W. Porter,
J. 11. Galey, Albtnu F. Dillon and Thomas
B. Dillon to recover possession of one
half of the Keystone mine, situated in
Marlposa County, which he alleges is held
in trust by Albina F. Dillon for his
bem'tit.
Frank Morris, who broke into 13 Geary
street and made his exit by the roof, was
y. jt< rday held to answer before the Su
perior Court by Judge Mogan In $2000
bonds on a charge oi burglary.
The rase of (laetano Manclni, editor of
La '"rltii-n, charged with attempted ex
tortion by Dr. d«? Lucis, was called in
Judge Mogan's court yesterday, and after
the defendant had been instructed and ar
raigned wi s continued till November 14.
J. W. Morton, who was stabbed in a
saloon on the water front by Kred W.
Bmmona about two weeks agro, refused to
prosecute the case yesterday, and it. was
dismissed by Judge Mogan for lack of
utlon.
Frank McQuire, a porter, who stol» $212
and some jewelry from the room of Mrs.
Frankle A. McMillan, 110 Larkin street,
November T. was yesterday held to an
swer before the Superior Court by Judge
Mi can in $2 100 bonds.
The nine br.ys, Thomas G. Wnll, Frank
Tracey, Henry Foley, Carl Keith, Harry
Tubbell, J. Crow. Martin Stovich. Ed
Judge and Fred I^arsen. arrested outside
the Lincoln School by Policeman Naylor
for disturbing the peace, were dismissed
v.ith a caution by Judge Mogan yester
day.
Alexander Anderson, saloon-keeper,
Bast street, charged with manslaughter
in connection with the death of his wife,
appeared before Judge Treadwell yester
day and the case was continued for a
week, Anderson meantime being out on
bonds.
Notorious Horsethief.
James Bamhart, who has served sev
eral terms for horse-stealing, was arrest
ed yesterday afternoon on New Mont
gomery street by Detective Sullivan and
Sheriff Sibley of San Joaquin County.
He is accused of embezzling: some horses
from C. R. Archer of L,odi. Sheriff Sib
ley left with his prisoner last evening.
He pays Barnhart is wanted In other
counties.
Newhouse in Court.
The matter of the arraignment of Oscar
Newhouse on a charge of forgery pre
ferred by A. E. Wiltsee was continued to
a later date by Judge Cook yesterday and
Judge Dunne also put the hearing of the
■writ of habeas corpus, sworn out on the
defendants behalf, over till the 14th inst.
Yesterday's Insolvent.
C. S. Dalve, hotel and saloon keeper at
\Voodslcle, San Mateo County. Liabilities
$26,687 07, assets $275.
HIGHBINDERS WIELD THE
HATCHET IN CHINATOWN
Lee Ah Ling the First Victim in
a Heathen Factional War,
Assaulted in a Dark Hallway on Washing
ton Street, but His Assailant
Eludes the Police.
C—'r— i HE long-impending hlg-hbinder war
broke out in Chinatown last night,
with eerious results. Lee Ah Ling,
|i a member of the Lee family, fell a
I victim of the hatchet-wielding
Chinese in a lodging-house at the corner
jof Rosa alloy and Washington street.
: That he was not literally hacked to pieces
j is due perhaps to the fact that the assault
took place in the front hall of the bulld-
J Ing and close to the street, and it is pre
j sumed that the would-be murderer was
| frightened away before he could finish his
"!y deed.
Ling occupies a cot In the City Reeelv
; ing Hospital, with five severe gashes on
! the forehea.il and scalp, two on the right
1 nrm, another under the eye and two fln
! gers have been chopped from the hand.
> The police did not arrive on the scene
; until a few minutes after the deed was
j done, and have no clew to Its perpe
j trators., As th* victim of the assault is
j a member of the See Yup society, as well
, as certain highbinder organizations, there
! is a suspicion that the attack may have
i grown out of certain bad feeling existing
ovi :■ the festival held by the See STups
! this week and which terminated Friday
morning.
About JO o'clock last night Lee Ah Ling
was either entering or coming out of the
building or, Washington street, where he
has lodgings. He was attacked by some
unknown batchetman at the foot of the
stairway. The blade of the weapon was
presumably aimed for the head at first,
fur a lar.^e gash was found in the China
man's hat, which fell to the floor. The
n^xt five blows were evidently struck
. while the victim was facing his assailant,
after which the former started to retreat
and was struck twice in the arm from
behind, h ■ mi:st have arrived
: at this Interval, lor as Ling sank to the
I lioor in a pool of blood at the foot of
; the stairs the man who had committed
i the attack dropped the hatchet and es
| capod.
The Chinatown squad were making a
i raid in Ross alley while the cutting was
I taking place and before their arrival the
; injured man had been taken upstairs Into
a room nnd a larjv> crowd of heathens
had congregated in front of the I
The police found the man In a bad con
dition. They immediately sent him to the
I City Receiving Hospital, where he was
treated by Dr. Cluness. He may recover,
I but he is in a dangerous c
I Tho officers made a diligent effort to
, find the culprit, but not only do the occu
. pants of the house where the affair hap
pened maintain a sphinx-like silence but
the victim of th<* assault claims that he
: was aitackod in the dark and can give no
I information. The police, however, believe
that the predicted war between hiphbind
er factions has commenced in earnest and
| that Lee Ah Lin?,' Is but the first of a
i number of objectionable Chinese upon
SHOULD READ AND HEED.
Health Pointers Which Are Valuable to Old and Young.
DR. MEYERS & weakness, unnatural j and complicated yield to
CO. are the most skilled drains, nervous and the remarkable skill of
and most successful general debility and these physicians,
specialists In America, all private diseases of DR. MEYERS &
Their superior knowl- m:n, including malig- CO. devote their time
edge, remedies, elab- nant bleed poison; also and energies to diseases
orate and thorough diseases of the kidneys, and weakness of men.
equipment and their bladder, liver, heart and In treating such ail-
masterly methods of stomach. ments are more pro-
treatment enable them They cure all of these ticient than other phy-
to cure quickly and per- troubles at any stag-, sicians. They are re-
manently all cases of Cases which have be- liable and responsible,
lost manhood, wasting come chronic, painful Their reputation is ihe
MORE THAN y^^^^^^^ 3 -^ NO MONEY
■ THEY HAVE | / f^g [ W<mvl Twl ] UNTIL
SUCCESSFUL. EFFECTED.
best. Their practice Is Increasing DR. MEYERS & CO. cure a
and wlJening year after year. Un- great many patients every year
less they had been all that they without seeing them. Their home-
claimed to be, they could not have cure system is a special and ably
built up the largest and most sue- managed department of their insti-
cessful business west of New York tution. Those who are interested
City. Unless they had been com- should write for question list, free
petent specialists they would not advice and full particulars. All' cor-
be so popular throughout the West. respondence confidential. No marks
DR. MEYERS & CO. cure men on envelopes or packages to Indicate
in all walks of life, irom the banker name of sender.
to the humble wage-earner. Their DR. MEYERS & CO. have re-
prices and terms are reasonable, cently Issued a new book, "Private
alike to rich and poor. Counselor and Marriage Guide,"
, DR. MEYERS & CO. make no for men only. This little publica-
charge tor consultation and advice tion, which is sent sealed to all who
at office or by mail. Any man who write, or given to all who call at the
is ailing can learn all about his phy- office, contains a great deal of
slcal troubles without paying any valuable information for men, young
money, no matter whether he takes or old, sick or well, married or
treatment or not. single.
. A STAFF OF SKILLED SPECIALISTS, ESTABLISHED 18 YEARS.
7O 4 Market Street,! ELEVATOR Hours-8 to 5 daily.
-* I XUaiJlUt _ Sundays-9toll.
■ . *■* X . SAN FRANCISCO. | ENTRANCE. Ev enines-7 to 8.
whose heads prices have been placed.
Some of the Chinese say that the wounds
received by Ling were Intended for an
other man," but they will say nothing defi
nite of the affair. Ling was employed in a
laundry at the corner of Post and Fill
mure streets.
Well-Established Law.
J. "W. Arnett of Lassen County was
charged with having assaulted Mrs. Be
linda Arnett with the intent then and
there to murder her. A Jury returneu a
verdict that he had assaulted the woman
with a deadly weapon, whereupon the
court sentenced him to be imprisoned in
the State Prison for two years. Arnett
appealed and the Supreme Court ordered
a new trial, holding that "It is well settled
that under an indictment or Information
for an assault with an intent to commit
murder which does not charge that the
assault was made with a deadly weapon,
the defendant cannot be convicted or an
assault with a deadly weapon" and the
court had no Jurisdiction to sentence for
the latter crime.
Death of Veteran Finley.
John TV. Finley, a veteran of the Civil
War, died at 6:50 a. m. yesterday in a cell
in the California street police station.
Me had been taken to Lhe station on the
previous afternoon from the corner of
Jackson and Kearny streets. Intoxicated,
and was to have been taken before the
Police Court yesterday morning to an
swer a charge of drunkenness. Alcohol
ism and heart disease are supposed to bo
the causes of death.
Flnley was f>4 years old, a native of
Louisiana, and a printer by trade. lie
was for a short time an Inmate of the
Soldiers' Home at Tountvillo. It is re
ported that he had a wife and two chil
dren in Los Angeles.
Bernal Mothers Meet,
A truccesssful meeting of the Bernal
Mothers' Club was held on Thursday. A
paper on "Good Feeling" was read by
Miss M. E. Keating, principal of B^rnal
School and organizer of the club. Others
who addressed the meeting were. Mrs.
Kinmerle. Miss Tyrrell and Mrs. Page.
To Tell of His Conversion.
Frederick Ttiomas, a well-known busi
ness man of Denver, Colo., will address a
mass meeting: at the Auditorium of the
Young M-n'sChristian Association this af
ternoon, on the subject of his conversion
under the evangelist, D. L. Moody. The
choir of the First Baptist Church will ren
der special music.
■ ♦ «
Reduced circumstance* are th» kind
that alter cases.
ADVERTISEMENTS. n
{ THE WELSBACH 1
COMMERCIAL CO. I
I and EXCHANGE |
I" At their store at No. 140 ELLig >
"♦■ STREET (Y. M. C. A. building). In- >
"♦" vite the public to investigate the menu "*
+ of the WELSBACH LIGHT, of which ♦
■♦• there are two (Trades. -^. - • ,-f
4- The BEST is known as Number 34, and -♦-
-♦- embodies in its construction every +
4- known advantage as to frame and man-
■4- tie thus far incorporated into a (.As +
I INCANDESCENT LIGHT. +
>; The Number 2 LIGHT is as rood- at .^
X any of the infringing lights, and yet
■♦" it "is made of cheaper material than >
+ our Number 34, and it Is sold as sec- -♦-
4- ond quality, although a "GBNUINB -f
+ WELSEACH LIGHT." These points ,
+ will be fully explained at our -tore,
+ where the BEST LIGHTS and MAN- +
TLES can always be obtained. 4-
T We have just put upon sale a lar*»
"*" line of elegant Stand Lamps that are
•f marvels of beauty and cheapness.
>. We have no BRANCH STORES. >
a. Mail orders will receive careful att«n- -♦-
£ tlon. Telephone Main No. 5459. -f
X E. E. EVVING, X
"♦" Bupt Ban Francisco Department and ■♦■
4- Bole Representative Pacific Coaat. 4-
% 44.4.^4 ♦♦♦♦♦» »♦♦♦♦■♦♦♦ H®
INVEST!
BUT FIRST
INVESTIGATE.
Then, If satisfied, put your money la
TAR CANYON OIL CO.
CAPITAL STOCK, $10O.0O».
Par Value, $1 00 Per Shar*.
Its lands are located In th» celebrated
Kreynhagen District, surrounded by
flowing wells.
This company la a legitimate corpora-
ration, founded for the purpose of. pro-
ducing- and placing upon the market th»
oil that undoubtedly exists on Its lands.
A limited number of shares will be Bold
for development purposes.
OFFICERS:
JAMES A. "WILSON President
Sec. Builders' Exchange. '
P. A. BERGEROT .Vies President
Pres. Board of Education.
O. R. GIBSON Secretary
Sec. Central Hardware and Supply Co.
W. I. BROBECK Treasurer
Asst. City and County Attorney. jrfgl
7th Floor, Crocker Building, r. 14M43.
PHONE MAIN 6564.
OCJEAN TRAVEL. ■
Pacific Coast Steamship Ca,
i***- Steamers leave. Broadway £}
'" i*<^w wharf. San Francisco:
* MEPnH or Alaskan ports, 19 a. h
; ilis3s3¥?Jte m - Xov - 2 - 7 - «. 17. *2. V. f
I Ii^VOKitSS Eec - 2 - change at Seattle.
A r«Si^HJ«3 For Victoria, Vancouver X
tfißueMßal <B - c ->- Port Townser.d. Se-
i(^^». attle, Tacoma. Everett. An-
acortes and New vv natcom %
fWash.), 10 a. m., Nov. 2, 7, ¥
12, 17. 22. 27: Dec. 2, and |
: every fifth day thereafter: change at Seattle I
I to this company's steamers for Alaska and Fi
0. N Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Van- *
couver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), i p." m., Not. J"
B. 10. 16. 20, 25, 30; Dec. 6, and every fifth day j
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, Pan . Plmeon. I
Cayucos, Port Harfnrd (San Luis Oblspo>, I
Gavlota Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hu«nem«, |
Pan Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Anpeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m., Nov. 4. 8, 12. 16. 20, 24. 2S;
Dec 2 and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Dle^o, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (Pan Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Aneeles and Rednndo (Los Anreles), 11 a.
m.. Nov. 2. 6. 10. 14, IS.. 22, 26. 20; Dec. 4. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Maedalena Bay, Fan Joss del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. 'La Pa*. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
For further Information obtain company's
The' company reserves the r!*ht to ehan«r«
without previous notice, steamers, ealllns date«
ar ,* Vinnr^i nf pnill»l»r. •• ;
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). ,
GOODALL. "PFPTCTNS ft CO.. Gen. Aart*.
10 Market St.. Pan Francisco.
TO B. R. & N. GO."
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO ' .
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC Sl2 First Class Including Bert*
if ill L $8 Second Class jvnu Meals.
COLUMBIA Nov. 9, 19. 29
STATE OF CALIFORNIA./ Nov. 4, 14, 24
Short Line to Walla Walla,' Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Airent. •
630 Market st.
GOODALI* PERKINS & CO..
jgg^m Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
FEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON. I0XD0H; PARIS.
Stopplnar at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Even' Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Paul Nov. flPt. Lnuls , Peo. IS
St. Louis Nov. 22 St. Paul Dec ST
St. Paul Dec. 61 New York Jan. J
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 13 noon.
Friesland Nov. ff| Kensington ....Nov. SJ
Southward Nov. If. Noordland Deo. 9
Westernland ...Nov. 22lFrlesland Deo. 11 .
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. Sr. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight • an!
passape apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COWANT.
* SO Montgomery St.. or any of Its agencies.
TOYOKKEN KAISSA,
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF,' COR-
TiAr of First and B-anmn streets, 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling" at
Kobe (Hiogo) Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
conned i Pt Hongkong with steamers ''
India! etc. No cargo received on board on day
NIPPON-MARTT Saturday, Not. 25
AMERICA "I '«UI ' Thursday, Dec. 21
WOMGKONG-MART7 Tuesday, Jan. 14
Via Honolulu.
Rmmd-trir> tickets at reduced mtes. For
freight and paxsage apply nt company's office,
4"1 "Market street, corner First.
W. H. A VERY. General Agrent.
COMP.AGHIE GENERATE TRANSATLANTIQUE .
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -0420*
Falling every Thursday Instead of *^ r^r*\
Saturday, from November 2. ISM. at
10 a. m. from Pier 42. North River, foot o5
Morton ft. LA GASCOGNE. Oct. 21: »>A '
BRETAGNE. Oct It: LA TOURAINE. Not.
J-'LA CHAMPAGNE. No* 9: LA NORMAN-
DIE. Nov. IS: LA GASCOGNE. Nov. 2s; LA, •
TOURAINE. Nov. SO: LA BRETAGNB. Dec 7.
First-class to Havre. $60 and upward: 5 p*r
cent reduction on round trin. Second-class to
Havre. $45: 5 per cent reduction on round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATE 3
AND CANADA. 82 Broadway (Hudson build-
ing). New York. J. F. FXTOAZI 4 CO., Pa-
cific Coait Asenta, I Montgomery ay«.. Saa •
Francisco. .
The s - s - AustraHa
sal'» for Honolulu
/re j^j." fe Wednesday. Nov. 15,
fQfCBß&£n9tf| The S. S. Australia
sallH frr Honolulu
fe Wednesday. " Nov. 15.
fcj . at.2 n. m.
»l *^t>'i CS.>r »L\» A p s - Alameda satis
«2S£j^s9ftM?'inN]oeJ via Honolulu and
S^^kW G..<ra!L!,!U- Auckland for Sydney
Jy?Zi&[ {CT^WU-^ Wednesday," Nov' 29.
at 8 p. m. * '
Favorite Line Round -the World via Hawaii
Samoa, New Zealand. Australia, India. Suez. •
England, etc.; KM first cla?9. .
1. 0. ai'iic'CXELS a kiT.Oo.CO.. Aqts.. !4 Montaomeri
Pi of 7 rmCwfr^ r M ; P i,«n3 --.-•• .., „, c /
B/»Y AND RIVER STEAMEK3.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
HON., Tues.", Wed., Thurs. and Sat. "at 9:45
a. m.. 3:ID, 8:80 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night), Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30;. Sundays, -10:30 a. m 8
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
, FARE .„,.. fiCoRETURN FROM
A YEAR'S CRUISE
IN THE ARCTIC
The Bear and Alice
Knowles at Home.
♦ —
REVENUE CUTTER CHANGES
I
THETIS WILL NOW ACT AS A RE
CEIVING SHIP.
. ♦ ■
A Good Catch Made by the Whaler.
Smart Run of the Ship Columbia,
A Drunkard's Double
Escape.
The revenue cutter Bear and the whal
ing bark Alice Knowles both got home
from the Arctic yesterday. The Bear
stopped at Seattle on the "way down. On
her way down from the Sound she ran
iiuo a heavy southeaster and for two days
was hove tc^ A thunder and lightning
fctbrm 'playetT around the cutter while she
was hove to, and a number of the crew
I got electrical shocks. | The oflicers say
that many .an electric ttofm has been
their portion in other pane of the world,
but this is the first one they ever expe
rienced on the coast of Oalifornia.
■\Yhile the Boar was at Nome the peop'e
v.'.>re Very much exercised over the non
arrival of the steam-r Lauradu. She hud
many passengers and a full eargx) of pro
visions aboard and was lons overdue. The
news of the wreck of the vessel was
known here, but not at the gold fields.
The Bear made an- extended search and
found the wreck on St. Georges Island.
The creWibqd got all the ship's stores; all
the passengers baggage; about fifty tons
cf cargo, 500 sheep axd -several steers
athore. AH the passengers were landed
und Knany of thcmwenvto Nome on the
Cleveland, while . the women cause back
home' on the Cor win.
The story about chains whalers and
firing shots* -after them because they had
Hciuor- aboard is laujrhed at by the officers
■Of the. Bear. They say that a few In
dians were arrested for illicit distilling,
but no whalers' were chased. Quite &
number o-f criminals were; picked up along
the Alaskan coast and transported to
Fitka. -but' the tales d* their crimes were
told long aj?o in The Call. The Bear, in
company with the McCulloch, will go
fro;n hvre to -San Diego and winter there.
Tha Alice Knowles had a successful sea
pnn in "the frozen- north. She brings back
056") pounds of whak-bone. 470 barrels of
sperm oil arid 430 barrels. of whale oil.
There were no casualties during the
cruise. • '
There' will he a number of changes in
the revenue service during the next few j
days. Captain Frank Tuttle. now !n com- j
mandof the Golden Gate, takes the Bear, .
and Lieutenant J.arvis, who brought the I
cutter '.from- the north, gws Kast. Lieu- :
tenant A. Buhner of tta«s Thetis takes the ,
Golden Gate; Lieutenant C. S. Cochrane ,
of the Thetis goes as navigating officer of i
the Bear. L'..?uttnant H. Ulke of the Bear
goes to the McCulloch and Assistant En- !
giuterJ. 1. Bryan of the Thetis goes to i
the Golden Gate.. iho Thetis is to be '
brought over from Sausalito and anchored ■
in the' cove between/-- ".■ Lggs wharf and
Black Point;' where bna will in future act
as a receiving hip. •
Two tjt the overdue' fleet got In yester- j
day.. . 'The Arcata and South Portland i
from Coos Bay had a hard time of it and |
were S4 hours making the run, or nearly ;
a day and a- .iaif longer than usual.
J. Sullivan of 447 First street was twice j
treated at the Harbor .Hospital yesterday;
morning. At 6:.w a. m. he was brought '.
in from the corner of Bryant and Second
streets suffering from alcoholism and 3ev- j
*Tdl -lacerated wounds. He was fixed up |
and left the hospital. An hour later there , :
was another call from Bryant and Sec- j
ond streets for the ambulance and It was
Sullivan. again. This time he had a frac
tured skull and may die. I^ate yesterday ■
after-noon he was removed to the City and
County Hospital.
The ship Columbia arrived at Tacoma :
yesterday; having made the run from San |
Francisco In the splendid, time of five j
days.. . '
AN TTNTTSTTAL CASE.
.Supreme Court Passes Upon, a Propo-
sition of Toll-Road Pees!
A ca^-e somewhat out of the ordinary
was parsed upon yesterday by tho Su
preme Court. WT. C. Bedell brought ac
tion against J. B. Scott of Placer .County
t : -> coJlect an assigned claim for tolls al
leged' to bo.' due' plaintiff's assignor for
the passage of animal.B and vehicles over
. county highway. The lower court found
the road in ••-tion to be a free public
highway. The authority to collect tolls
is found tn the statutes' and Supervisors
may authorize such collection whenever
in, their judjrment the eacixsnse necessary
to oj/erato and maintain such a road Is
too great to Justify the county In keeping
it in condition, . .c. :;" . '
• Such a rljrlit .0/ license was granted in
this case' and Si;>it lost in the lower court.
The higher court reversed, the motion for
a new trial upon the ground that the
records of the Supervisors of Plact-r Coun
ty faJled to show that the board had re
ceived evidence and made such determina
tion. In fact the records failed to- show
th-nt the. road was a free public highway
#nd ono so fatally- defective that the
plaintiff cannot collect the toll 3 claimed.
>ied of His Injuries
Ramon Armendariz, manager of th«
Central American department of Well
nian. Peck .<• Co., who was crushed In an
elevator Thursday morning, died at th«
Zion Hospital yesterday. The funeral
will be held -Monday.
GRAPE -NUTS.
I i
I Quieting |
vs. o
I Irritating I
I Food |
%' TRY ■ 2
ft '
| v Grape=Nuts |
: O
. ••: ►»*»♦
"Chinese dot?s are taught to subsist
upon bolledjrlce with a little milk, and
t become so placid that- thty will not
even bark,' says Dr. Oswald.
This seems to. demonstrate, the fact
that a. largely vegetable diet inclines
to quiet the nervous system, where, on
the contrary, a diet composed largely
of flesh is ultimately irritating, par-
ticularly to one confined mostly to men-
tal work. .:>■,.->;
Grape-Nuts was placed on the mar-
ket for the v.so of brain workers. It Is
a concentrated nourishing food, con-
taining In its make-up minute particles
of phosphate of potash obtained from
the field grains. This, when combined
as nature combines it in the human
body with albumen, makes the gray
mat of the brain and the nerve cen-
ters : therefore, the use of Grape-Nuts
Fiipplies the brain worker with steady
renewal of the daily losses from his
employment. Grape - Nuts do build
brains, as can be demonstrated by ten
days' or two weeks' use. There comes a
rteady, sturdy feeling of independence
and strength.
.The question of properly selected food
Is the question of the day, and the in-
dividuals who give this question then:
care and attention will become best
fitted to make a success of life. Gro-
cers Bell Grape-Nuts food. ■ j
Revenue Cutter Bear and Whaling Bark Alice Knowles Making Port.
TRUE TALE OF
TWO SYMPHONY
ORGANIZATIONS
Secretary Wheeler Is
Interviewed.
BThere seems to be some misunderstand
ing in regard to the two symphony so
cieties now in existence in San Francisco.
Bo in order to ascertain the true state of
affairs the secretaries of both societies
were asked in regard to this matter, and
the following was the result of the in
quiry: Harold Wheeler, secretary of the
old Symphony Society, stated that at the
end of last season a meeting was called
at which forty of the 900 members mado
their appearance. In fact, Mr, Wheeler
contends that this number is about the
largest ever attending the meeting's and
all of the society who take real interest
in these matters. At that meeting the
board of directors presented their report,
which, not being quite completed, was de
ferred until the next meeting, which, 30
far, has not taken place. There is in the
treasury $1800, which lay idle because the
society has not been able to secure a
leader. Notwithstanding the funds and
the membership of 900 of our best citizens
the board of directors have not made any
efforts to commence the new series sim
ply because, as they thought, there was
no leader to whom they could intrust the
baton. Mr. Wheeler lurther states that
several musicians applied for the position,
but that none was sufficiently known to
authorize the board of directors to en
gage him. The officers of the old society
are now awaiting the result of the con
cert to be given by Henry Holmes at the
Grand opera-house next month, and if
the gentleman proves successful he will
be engaged by them.
Officers •■' the new society claim that
they are an entire separate body from
the old Symphony Society, that they agi
tated this new movement because the old
board of directors did not seem to find
it worth while to begin a new series, and
that according to their opinion Mr.
Holmes is the best man for the position.
The concert at the opera-house has noth
ing to do with the old society and
I In case the board of directors should not
' find Mr. Holmes worthy to be engaged
! after he has proven his success the new
j society will proceed to induce the old sub
j scribers to j>>in the new society. So far.
■ however, there is no desire for antagon
i ism and the new society is perfectly will
i ing to abandon its purpose, provided the
I old board of directors shows visible inter
-1 est in the movement
* * •
Borne time ag> there appeared at the
i i rpera-house a clever little dancr
Inger by the name of Mi*s Mindel
Dreyfusa, a Ban Francisco girl, by the
way. The patrons of that place of amuse
ment were unite delighted with both the
voice and gracefulness of ihe talented
girl. Jn the meantime Misa Dreyfusa re
engagement in Honolulu at iho
i irn and raa^' an instantaneous hit
The papers are lavish in
praise of the bright terpstehorean
■ ~. who shows hf-r talent in a splen
did iiltie sketch written especially for her
by Mrs. Zoe G. Radclitfe, entitled "A
ate Rehearsal." Mr:;. Radrliffe Is
well known hfre as a exceedingly intelli
gent literary woman. She is now at work
on another sketch f<jr Miss Dreyfuss, who
will present It as soon as possible. The
young lady will appear in this city soon.
» • *
The Minettl Quartet having made such
- iccess at its first appear
• should be no doubt as to the
ccellence of Its second concert,
which will occur next Friday afternoon
••man a- Clay Nail. There are espe
eiaily two numbers which deserve the
on of our musicians. First.
the Bach "Chaconne," which Giulio Mi
netti will j>\>±y with his refined execution.
It is a most auspicious piece of work and
will be Interpreted artistically. The sec
ond number worthy of particular mention
ip the Frank piano quintet In F minor,
where Otto Bendlx will assist. This will
tioxi of this work in
this city and any one truly interested in
lid not fail to hear it. At the
hands of the Minettl Quartet it will fare
welL
• •
An event of im:oh importance to musi
cal circles here will he thp concert r>t
Genevra Johnstone Bishop, which
will '•
Thursday ■ The lady, who is re
■:' the foremost exponents
of oratorio In thla city, will be assisted
by J<>-rnh;ir<l Mollenhauer, violinist, and
the Philharmoni ■ . under the di
rectlon of James Hamilton Howe. The
lady having fully r. -■ brilliant
voice, It will Burely be a treat to hear
ni r.
• •
A muslrale was £iven by Calvary Pres
rlan Church last Thursday Evening
at which the Colonial Quartet made its
first appearance. The quartet wa
1 Mrs. Mai tnpbell um\
consists of Mlssea AJma Berglund, tsobel
K<-rr. Xena Robi . ...
These four young ladiea may be •
among our eerj best •■ oca • may
easily be imajrin.-d that their quartet is
a model for i nsemble singing and \(\»n\
px.-i.-utlnn. It was a pleasure to
to it. ALFRED METZGER.
FROM CABLE TO TROLLEY.
Work to Commence Immediately on
the Reconstruction of Howard
and Post Streets.
The longr-contemp onstructioo
of the Howard and Post street cable lines
iiitn a trolley system is about to ma
terialize at last. By to-morrow morning
a gang of men will be put at work under
the supervision of Chief Foreman T. B.
Egan of the Market street combine to
effect the change on Howard street frum
the ferry to Tenth street. While this
branch of the roau 1b being reconstructed
all cable cars of the Howard street line
will stop at Tenth street, to which the
Ijas.sriigers from the Post and Leaven
worth street lines will be transferred v
usual and carried from Tenth to Potrero
avenue over the present route.
On the completion of this the first sec
tion the cars will then be run from Tenth
street to the ferry and the services of the
Mission street line will be invoked to
carry passengers southwest with the aid
of the Bryant street trolley line. The
passengers patronizing the Howard street
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1899.
system will be carried to East Mission
along Twenty-sixth street.
Immediately on the finishing of the
Howard street line the work of trans
forming rhe lines on Post and Leaven
worth str?t-ts will be commenced.
Valencia street cable will soon follow
into the rusty pile of castaway wire ca
ble. It is only a question of time, and
brief at that, when cable service through
the Mission will be a thing of the past.
In addition to the changes mentioned
there arc- a few more which will be
hailed with delight by the residents of
th<> Mission road. In future between 5
and S:3O a. m. and from 4 to 7 p. m. cars
will be operated every six minutes to Chi
na avenue. Every other car will run to
Ingleslde, which will give the people of
that section a 12-m!nute schcdulo. r'rom
Twenty-ninth street to the ferry a three
minute service will be maintained. From
8:30 a. m. to 4 p. m. there will be a six
minute service to Twenty-ninth street
and a 12-minute service to China avenue.
Better rervice. both by faster time and
more frequent trips, has been scheduled
for Folsom street. The travel over this
line since the trolley service was extend
ed along: the San Bruno road Justifies a
better service than formerly.
D'ANCONA'S ELIGIBILITY.
Willing to Waive His University
Fees to Be Supervisor.
A etory has gained currency that under
a provision of the new charter there is a
question touching the eligibility of Dr.
A. A. d'Ancona, Supervisor-elect, to serve
in that capaoltv on account of his connec
tion with the State University of Califor
nia.
The provision declares that any person
holding a salaried office under the city
and county, whether by election or ap
pointment, who shall, during his term <if
, hold or retain any other salaried
office under the Government of the United
a or of this State shall be deemed to
have thereby vacated the office held by
him under the city and county.
Dr. d'Ancona, when seen last night by
a (.'all reporter, said that he did not con
i salaried officer of the
"The Legislature appropriates a
certain amount of money to deffiay the
f the University of California,
of which I am a medical examiner," said
the doctor, "and the Regents pay me J2
ich examination I make of students
Ing the university to test their fit
ness to pass for a course of physical cul
ture. The fee is paid to me not as a sal
aried professor but as a practitioner.
"I do not wish t<~> evade- the spirit of the
law, and now that I have been elected
■ -visor it is my ambition to serve the
people in the right way and not in any
manner violate any provision of the char
ter. 1 am willing if necessary to waive
my fees, which 1 do not consider a salary,
in order to avoid technicalities. However,
I will consult my attorney, and if he con
siders It necessary that I should give up
my position at the university In order to
?uallfy as a Supervisor of San Francisco
deem it my duty to the voters who hon
ored me with thHr votes to give them my
undivided services."
Teachers' Back Salaries.
In reply to a communication sent by
F. H. Oiark, chairman of the committee
for collection of teachers' salary claims,
as to when the Stanford collateral inheri
tance tax would be available for the pay
ment of teachers' demands for Novem
ber and December, IS9B, Treasurer Tru
man says in reply:
"I desire to say that thi? office has no
separate fund into which the Inheritance
tax is paid in an identified shap* as school
funds. The money which has been re
ceived from the Stanford estate, when it
reaches this office, will have been inter
mingled with the State property tax, poll
tnx, interest and other funds available
f..r Ftate purposes. It will be Impossible
to ascertain what portion of It is Stan
ford money. Consequently unless the
money from the State comes to this of
fice this iyear in a different form than in
the past we will have no funds from that
source which we can apply to the salaries
of November and December, 1898."
MEN! ARE YOU WEAK? I
o<s *" Miiii «iuij'ij^f > !?^ n^ aaM -r» For the money a man spends on drugs in §§
oo -^^ra^SJ"" one mont h I wil -^ burnish one of my Improved 08
9% "H(frStpP^^Tj|^H^* i^ > *- .']',-._. * Electric Belts which will cure every evidence
§| ' *'^^BB&M*»C*^~*' ' ' \ \ l\/\\\X^J^A^4d^>' the vigor of y° uth in men who had los t it, after ||
m» i h^WsSs^ the failure of the best doctors. gg
|| -^i^^^^^^^^^^M^^Sß **& Xx ■ force which is nerve and sexual life, was Elec- l|
|| - J^^P^^^^^^^^^^M^^^^o^^^^^\ \%\ > : K \\v\ 'i tricity. I have known that nothing but Electric- m
pti \Ssv^s^^^^V>r^^^^^^ra 0- '' P^TO^i EPU*Ei V^^ **y wou^ restore it when lost. I have proven §«
v 2 / / \ V}^^»i i^^T*^^ r . < -' ' derfully improved my condition I gained a good deal of Useful 1 knowledge from S^
S<3 ' ' & /i *3B^W/f&>M. -^L "23& your little book. Mine was a terrible case and I had about lost faith in any Q.X
«S *^ -*" rr- cure. But your remedy has saved me and turned back the hand of time to voutn P,n
*8 and cured my pains and Rheumatism. Yours truly, jL. D VAN WINKLE. Hg
I : OR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT 1
gg Is responsible for thousands of happy lives to-day. It has cured the worst cases of Nervous Debility, I m potency, Waste 8§
§§ of Power, Varicocele, Enlargement of Prostate Gland in Old Men, Weak and Lame Back, Rheumatic Pains, Weak Kid- SS
<x 8 neys, etc. It is a natural cure for these troubles, and will cure after all else fails. tt^^^ r . «§
gg My. Electric Belt is the strongest on earth. I guarantee this and that it will last one year without repairs or re- |§
a§ newals on a bond of $5000. I will give a legal written guarantee with each belt. has soft chamois cushion electrodes, ««
P% and cannot burn and blister as do all other genuine electric belts. % §£
gs My new illustrated book tells about my Belt and how it cures the weakness of men and women. It is worth reading. gg
gg I will send it closely sealed free upon request. Call, if possible, and I will explain my Belt and what it will do. . ||
'&& f^FP h/f /S IkA^t JXIJ^UI B owlS 702 Market St,, cor. Kearny, San Francisco, and §§
II fLmd? i\m IWEm At a I VI C> Im^Jr\ U \uM \UM sLsaoda A¥ 9 Bnrdick Block, Corner Spring and Second Streets, Los Angeles. gg
Bft Office hours—* a. m. to 8:30 p.m.; Sundays, 10 to L NEVER SOLD IN DRUGSTORES ; V ■ g8
GAY ARE THE
LINKS WITH
GOLF GIRLS
Women of Presidio Club
Preside Over a Dona-
tion Party and Tea.
The women of the San Francisco Golf
i Club played a handicap match yesterday
i on the Presidio links, at eighteen holes,
i medal play, despite the threatening
i weather. Miss Scott won the first prize
1 and the Wlnslow medal, with a score of
j 133 less 3—130; Miss Hoffman, with a score
of 128 plus 8—134; Mrs. Miller, with a score
of 14S less 14—134, ami Miss Taylor, with
a score of 156 less 22—134, tied for second
place. The tie was played off at nine
holes, each player taking half her handi
cap, and resulted In an easy victory for
Miss Alice Hoffman, with a score of BG
plus 3 — 69, Miss Taylor being second, with
I a score of fc3 less 11—72. and Mrs. W. O.
! Miller third, with a score of 89 less 7— R2.
Miss Hoffman took second prize and Miss
Taylor third prize. The full scores and
handicaps are shown In the table:
SAN FRANCISCO OOLF CLUB— INDIES'
HANDICAP.
it? 3 8? ? a *
£ 3 8 S ?
COMPETITORS. : g ., . 8 .
competitors. • 3 ., : g :
§ g i ? =
: g. § : ? ;
: P a ; : ;
'. . & . : :
Miss Scott ' 3 i 69 ( 64 I 133 I 3 I 130
Miss Hoffman 1 «6 . 62 12S 6 134
Mrs. .Miller 6 ( 75 ( 73 143 i 14 131
Miss Taylor 7 ■ 72 | 84 156 22 134
Miss Ches-brough 7 ! 86 I 73 169 | 22 131
Miss T. O. Morgan.... 9 94 ! 79 173 : 36 137
Miss Morgan 6 | 77 75 152 I 14 j 135
Miss Mulllns 2 | 74 I 73 147 j 3 i 144
Mine Carolan 9 I SO 94 1S4 36 148
i Miss Drum 4 ! 82 79 161 I 10 , 151
Mi:-* McBeaa — | * | .. I ••• I •• I •■•
I •Dirt not finish.
In the afternoon, from 8 until 5 o'clock,
I there was a "donation tea" In the club
house, to which each guest was expected
to bring some article of ornament or util
ity for the decoration of the rooms. The
following articles were presented: Water
pitcher, Mrs. S. L. Abbot Jr..; an old
painting of roses. Mrs. Josephine Ed
wards Cap well; cushions, Mrs. E. J. Mc
j (/utohen. Mrs. W. G. Miller and Miss
i Mcß?an; Japanese flower vase, Miss E. S.
Chesebrough; armchair. Mrs. Henry-
Scott; palms In pots, Miss Mulllns and
R.>lla V. Watt; beach chair, Mrs. L. L.
Haker; pitcher, C. B. Stone; framed golf
pictures, W. F. Bowers and Mrs. I). T.
Murphy; silver spoons, Mrs. F. A. Frank;
large stein. Major H. J. Gallegher; steins,
L. X Tucker and Miss Helen P. Chese
brough; brass vaee, Mrs. 11. B. Goodwin,
and set of finger bowls, Mrs. C. R. Wins
low.
Among those who visited the clubhouse
during the afternoon, in addition to the
ladies playing In the handicap, were: Mrs.
Henry Scott, Mrs. S. L. Abbot Jr.. Mrs. C.
R. Vvinslow, Mr. and Mrs. Harry Bab
cock, Miss Helen and Miss Edna Hopkins,
P. McGh Mcßean, H. B. Goodwin, R. H.
Gaylord. R. V. Watt, Andrew Carrlgan,
W. J. Dutton, J. S. Severance, G. Edwin
! Tucker, H. D. Pillsbury and Miss Eleanor
Wood.
Tea was served the visitors by Miss
Alice Hoffman. Miss Taylor. Miss Mor
gan, Miss Scott and other young ladles.
Dr. Voorsanger to Lecture.
Rev. Jacob Voorsani?er will lecture to
night at the Temple. 117 Turk street, un
rW the auspices of the Social Democratic
party. The subject of his address will be
i "Colonization vs. Conquest."
HE WILL INVOKE
THE PROVISIONS
OF THE CHARTER
Dooian Announced as
a Contestant.
•
DENIES SCOTT'S ELIGIBILITY
— ♦
A THREE- CORNERED FIGHT IS
THE FIRST BILLED.
« —
Rumors Regarding Proposed Attacks
on the New Organic Law and I£s
Civil Service Provisions
Circulated.
«
Contests are inevitably born of elec
tions, but the last battle at the polls will
doubtless result in a series of actions
to determine title to various offices of I
greater .merest to the people than any !
i that have occupied the attention of the
| courts for decades past. Among those
that will be filled the most exciting prom
ises to be a three-cornered affair for the
office of Tax Collector. Edward I. Shee- >
nan, the incumbent, from a casual view
of the affair, seems at present to hold
the trump card. Mr. Sheehan has an
nounced to his friends, those closest to
the official ear and confidence, that a
contest between Richard I. Doolan, Dem
ocratic candidate for the office, and Jo
seph H. Scott, the successful Republican
candidate, is at present In course of pre
paration. The ground of contest as an
nounced will be that Mr. Scott was not
an elector of this city and county five
years next preceding his election. Doo
lan's forces claim that they can prove
this allegation and that after proving: the
disqualification of th« elected candidate
the office will be the property of the con
testant. On the other hand. Sheehan
purposes holding the office until the title
thereto has been definitely settled, which
may be many months— that is, unless the
Mayor takes advantage of his prerogative
and fills the office by appointment pend
ing the outcome of the litigation. Scott's
friends, nowever, point to the lact that
heretofore many officials whose right to
the offices they occupied was being con
tested took the oath and assumed the du
ties thereof pending a decision, and are
confident that the first of the new year
will see Scott on the Inside and the con
testants out. '•
If rumor, long-winded and persistent,
and semi-official assertions are to be re
lied upon, litigation to Invalidate various
provisions of the charter, if not the on
tire lntrument, is yet In the embryonic
state. It is claimed by many of the wise
politicians that infest the City Hall that
the United States courts will be appealed
10 in event the Supreme Court of this
State hands down an adverse opinion in
an action which, It is said, will be |
brought Dy officials In office, among them
a few Supervisors, one city official and
two of the so-called county officers, to
hold their jobs.
Just what points will be raised in the
action before the United States courts
are not in the possession of the rumor
circulators, but they say it will be based
on the provisions of the Federal consti
tution guaranteeing the people a republi
can form of government, which they say
are plainly violated by the working of the
new municipal organic law, which throws
them cut of office before their terms as
provided by law at the time of their elec
tion have expired, and this. lnstead of be
ing republican, is nothing short of an
archy.
These rumor circulators also claim that
the Supreme Court of this State did not
finally pass upon the right of the present
officials to retain their offices until the
expiration of the statutory period lor
which they were elected. The Supreme
Court, they say. simply adjudged that the
charter had been legally adopted, and the
Justices refrained from passing upon
points submitted to them as to the legal
title to the offices, that the record might
not be hampered by extraneous matters
not in issue In the case at bar. On the
other hand, however, it is the consensus
of opinion among prominent attorneys
that the action brought by the county
officers to" enjoin the Registrar from put
ting their offices on the ballot finally dis
poses of the matter, and that those elect
ed under the charter will assume the du
ties of office on the first of the year.
Although the contest of officeholders to
retain their positions has failed as yet to
assume a more formidable status than ru
mor, semi-official acknowledgment and
official silence, it is almost certain that
the civil service clauses of the charter
will have to stand the test of the law.
Prominent counsel have informed various
under-offlcials that these provisions are
unconstitutional, beinc in conflict with
section 16 of article XX of the State con
stitution. This section reads: "When the
term of any officer or commissioner is not
provided for In tht* constitution, the term
of such officer or commissioner may be
declared by law: and if not so declared,
such officer or commissioner shall hold
his position as such officer or commission
er during the pleasure of the authority
making the appointment, but in no case
shall such term exceed four years."
As every official, whether State or mu
nicipal, is considered by law to be an of
ficer, It is claimed that as the civil ser
vice provisions lpso facto make certain
offices subject to life tenure or during
Rood behavior, the limit of four years
placed by the constitution is violated, and
hence the provisions must fall.
A test of the validity of the provisions
may be made in various ways, but it ■will
most likely be made by some deputy who !
fails to meet the requirements of the com- j
mission and whose demand upon the
treasury is subsequently repudiated, he
having been declared disqualified, but at
the same time allowed to remain in office I
for the purpose of making the test. Man
date • proceeding's will follow and a de
cision on the point secured.
THE SUPPER ROOM.
A New Feature at the Palace Hotel.
The Palace Hotel management will
on November 18 open their new supper
room for the accommodation of those
who desire refreshments during the
evening.
The room to be devoted to this new
I feature has an entrance from the main
| office and another from the grand court.
When completed the luxurious furnish
ings, the artistic finish, together with
the display of tropical palms, will make
it one of the most beautiful rooms in
the hotel. Myriads of incandescent
lights will be employed to show the
color effects and the harmony of the
decorations.
* Each evening between 9:30 and 12
o'clock orchestral concerts will be ren
dered by the best musical talent under
the direction of Mr. C. H. Randall.
Among the distinguished performers
1 who will assist are Signor Pietro Ma
reno, Messrs. Ford and Regensberger.
f The concerts are to be of a high order
and will be greatly appreciated by the
patrons of the supper room.
The tapestry room adjoining is being
refurnished and will be converted into
| a cloak room, where a maid will at
tend to the comfort of the lady pa
trons.
The conservatory will be fitted up as
! a waiting or lounging room, and smok-
I ing will be permitted there as in the
j supper room.
The perfection of the cuisine and ser
vice, combined with the moderate
charges that have given the grill rooms
at the Palace an international reputa
i tion, are to be In evidence in the supper
i room, which in itself is sufficient to
, justify us in making the prediction that
I the new departure will be a success
i from the start.
A BRUTAL HUSBAND.
Thomas Carr, a Laborer, Charged
With Beating His Dying Wife.
Thomas Carr, a laborer living at 13 !
Michigan street, Potrero, has a wife al- j
most dead from consumption. He gets j
drunk and amuses himself by sitting on
the side of her bed and slapping her face.
Thursday night he slapped her so hard
that she was unable to sleep all night.
Ho repeated the performance Friday
morning and she sent word to Lieutenant
Anderson, begging him to arrest her hus
band, as she wanted to be left to die in [
peace.
The lieutenant arrested Carr Friday
night, and as his wife could not be
brought to court to testify against him
a charge of "drunk" was registered op
posite his name. He appeared before
Judge Mogan yesterday and explained
that he only slapped his wife for fun. He
hoped the Judge would not send him to |
Jail. The Judge ordered him into custody
and continued the case till to-morrow.
Mrs. Carr died last evening, and Thomas
Carr was charged with manslaughter.
OCTOBER'S ALIENS.
Japan Leads, With England and
Spanish America a Second and
Third.
During the month of October 505 immi
grants arrived at this port, of which 191
were tourists and visitors and 314 immi
grants proper, divided as to nationality as
follows: Japan 104, England 75, Spanish
America 2t>, Mexico 13, Scandinavia 12,
Germany 11, Hawaii 9, Ireland t>, Italy 4,
Scotland 4: the remainder scattering.
The occupations were: Clergymen 3, en
gineers 4, carpenters 5, clerks 5, mariners
;..\ miners 9, painters 2, skilled laborers
not specified 11, farmers 29. fa-m laborers
24, laborers S. merchants 36, domestic ser
vants 6, miscellaneous 'H.
The leading sects were: Protestants 147
Buddhists SI, Roman Catholics 78, Greek
Catholics 5, not stated 3.
The immigrants brought with them $16,
--02G in coin.
Visit to liOrely Circle.
Grand Chief Companion Mrs. Flora
Jacobs, accompanied by Grand Recording
Secretary Mrs. L. Alwood, Grand Trustee
.Mrs. R. Kemp Van Ec, Past Grand Chief
Companion Mrs. M. A. Duke and a num
ber of members of local circles, paid an
official visit last night to Lorely Circle,
Companions of the Forest of America.
To illustrate how well the officers are up
in the ritualistic work of the order, three
candidates were initiated, the charges
being delivered in the German language
The officers were highly complimented
for their proficiency and the circle con
gratulated upon the advance it is making.
During the evening encouraging ad
dresses were delivered by the visiting offi
cials and others, and the grand chief
companion, on behalf of the circle, pre
sented to Past Chief Companion Mrs.
Marie PaDe a large basket of beautiful
flowers in remembrance of the anniver
sary of her birth. This circle will give a
social to its friends in the Alcazar build
ing on the night of the C6th inst.
The New Alhambra Theater, Jones
and Eddy streets. Telephone South 770.
To-night Eugenic Blair in "A Lady of
Quality."
. ADVERTISEMENTS. .
■»■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
; i Hew Store, New Goods. 1
I LATEST I
I STYLES, i
S LARGEST assortment, I
B H
a — d
B B
BWe respectfully Invite the la- ■
B dies of San Francisco and the in- ■
q terior to call arid examine our I
| grand stock of fg
2 CAMEL'S HAIR PLAID SEP- 5
jg ARATE SKIRTS g
g .$3 and upward |
I ALL - WOOL HOMESPUN i
« CLOTH SKIRTS, gray 3 and 5
5 all the new shades; worth $5; ■
| at $3.7." 2
■ ALL - WOOL HOMESPUN !
H CLOTH SUITS, skirts habit S
w back; worth to-day $20; our !
H bargain price 815 3
| §
|J. O'BRIEN & CO J
1 1146 MARKET ST. £
D ■
BEBiagBBBnBHgBBaBBBBBBB
i ..
I NOTICE !
! ARE YOU INTERESTED IN OIL?
H READ THIS:
j OUR RECORD I
' First— We selected th« heart of the :
i oil district. . !
i Second— We sunk test wellg and strusk
! oil.
] Third— have contracted for three
p large 11-lnch wells within two weeks
I from date of incorporation.
Fourth — No officer of this company
can draw pay or salary till dividends i
are declared. ■ ;
| Fifth — No officer, director or lncor- ',
' porator can sell a share of stock till j
we have oil In paying quantities.
Sixth— We Invite the public to Inspect
"J our books and bank account before In-
pj vesting;, that they may satisfy them-
i selves that every .dollar Is used for de-
velopment purposes. : ■'.":••. •■.". P
Seventh— ln Mr. M. M. Ogden's report
on the district made for the
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE,
He designates the locality where we ;
have 640 acre* as belngr the MOTHER i*
SOURCE and possessing the MOST 5
1 PERFECT CONDITIONS FOR OIL. HE T
EVER PAW. i
Eighth— Don't forget that, we will sell '
kj at 35c per share for a short time only %
then $1. . ' g
Ninth— Bear In mind that CO or 100 "
i shares will place you on the sunny side {
jl of Easy street within 60 days. i
I PETROLEUM CENTER OIL CO., |
29 MILLS BUILDING, THIRD FLOOR. 5
The Catholic News
? ■;.. 3 Months for 10 Cents.
FOURTEENTH YEAR.
THIS GREAT FAMILY PAPER
CONTAINS EVERY WEEK :
All the News of the Catholic World.
Fashions and Worrjan's Page.
Children's Page.
One Continued Story.
Five Minute Sermon by paullst Fathers.
Special Articles of Rare Interest.
Illustrations by Special Artists.
The News of the World Condensed.
Editorials on Timely Topics.
News and Information for Men}ber3 of
the League of the Sacred heart.
7A Columns . __ „ Q Complete
(U Reading. INCLUDING «> Snor ? Stories
The CATHOLIC NEWS will be mailed
every week, for the next three months to
any address on recept of 10 cents In sliver
or postage starrjps.
The regular subscription price is $1 per year.
It Is offered on trial for so small a sum of:
money simply to Introduce it. ' Address
The Catholic News,
5 Barclay St., New York. City.
RRTTQWI7Q FOR barbers, BAK-
DilUOn£lkJ erg. bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables,
| brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors etc
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St.
More Than He Bargained For.
A correspondent writing from Clinch
County says: "Brother Jones prayed for
rain six days on a stretch, and when the
rain came he was the first man to be
drowned in it. The ways of Providence
are past finding Atlanta Constitu-
tion.
910
ADVERTISEMENTS.
, . . .
.^ - lip* XHC
II Jfe lj¥ THE CRITICAL
'' ( |fe^NPw fet MIND
T'liiiii-iiiiHi-iiiti'Vii'it^ I1 ''- ii-.Til *i^X A T ? Finds an Enjoyment
. U&.ll^^^S, SERGE
|j -.> o. i / j. AY «\T; *■ 'fc^^^ >/^!^i ! sa/ 57/ ' 7 '^ gotten up
pij i^fyt l^J y^'- /^'"^^OTr s % muster with the critical.
ill* -I !»• I all if ; il The dainty and exquis-
" ; '"l Il\ A P W**' SI^JHhR i/c /5 °f high -class
i % V ifi' A \- |&m?^^p lj toiZorw-tf it* aZ^
jj]|jj|| 1 || J' ||\ .|| K^Sl^^if^^^^ smaller details of tliese
H !'ll rI i M l^i'l !■ * ®fr^*)'^ S^tf^j^ garments have won the
il |j I|| I Ij I l Jli| WB-SPS^o^3fefe plaudits of the most fas-
-s*Mg | : flfi I ''I' '1 rl ] ..- j| ' "'I!? tidious dressers. It's a
/f^ viiliil 'It I\\ SK^^^^fe^l^B^ suit— fabric dressy in
) wj|j\ - ' ;, jfeflilll Je!&^ __^_ appearance and abso-
{ fill JO iiltjiii^^f^^^^ lately correct as to fash-
\ c& Ail' nil iHShiilitiii^i^^^^*^^ ' • 77 7 ,
)/^iMti-----<^Sy ionableness, and will
<t£:::^^ " s cJ /^ remain True Bine forever.
Ijw^ TJ* Made in styles as
Made iji styles as
sr ~' shown in sketch.
♦ : #11 :
Puts you in possession of one of these True Blue Serges*
+ + V
t 1
You Can Have, by Asking, a
Sample of This Serge by Mail.
I i
■ + +
RAPHAEL'S, Inc.,
THE FRISCO BOYS,
Corner Kearny Street and Union=Square Avenue.
McKEE RANKIN
APOLOGIZES TO
MR. FLANNERY
He Writes a Letter to
the Deputy.
"There's no love like the old love,"
"hummed lldfee Rankln yesterday as ha
-walked Into the office of Special Revenue
.Agent Burt M. Thomas, "and," he added,
"there's no fool like an old fool. I feel
that I have been euch a fool in this mat
ter that I must be 600 years old."
Mr. Kankin's smile was a flag of truce.
He came to settle the case brought
against him by the internal revenue of
ilc*:rn for failing to pay hla theater license
In Ban Jose for the years 1898 and 1599.
He had treated Deputy Collector Flan
nery with contumely, had affected not to
know him nor his official station and had
rudely requested him to "go to," whither
deponent Bayoth not. McKee had been
held for trial and the revenue officer
was after his scalp with a dull toma
hawk, but the wily tragedian executed a
flank movement-hoisted a flag of trues,
•wrote to Deputy Flannery a letter of apol
ogy each as one gentleman on the stage
might with propriety write to another
gentleman oft the stage, and expressed
his willingness to pay his back license
not only for performances given in this
State, but for those in Idaho, Montana
MARTELL & CO.
Cognac, France.
Established 1715.
Trade Mark:
J. & F. Martell.
The Highest Grade of Cognac Brandy.
All Marte'.l shipments received by ng bear the n&me of our firm on the
bottlea. Baware of imitation* T °
VA/Jlliam Wolff <& Co.
329 Market StMCt Pacific Coast Agents.
and other States and Territories under
Mr. Thomas' Jurisdiction.
"My attorney, Mr. Critt«nden Thorn
ton," continued Mr. Rankin, "ha 3 advised
me that he can beat the case, but I have
my doubts about that, and I am tired of
the whole affair and am willing to settle
with the Government, penalties, costs and
all, for my sine against it."
Mr. Thomas has sent to Washington Mr.
Rankln's offer. If the Government ac
cepts it Mr. Rankin will pungle, and the
charge against him will be wiped out.
Assistant United States Attorney Ban
ning will file an Information next Mon
day against Mr. Rankin in the United
States District Court, and further action
in the premises will be deferred until
Washington is heard from. In the mean
time tho tragedian will be at liberty on
probation, while being slowly purged of
his offense.
FEDERAL OFFICIALS'
FEES ARE IN DANGER
EX-MARSHA T,S LONG AND KELLY
WILL LOSE.
Their Demands Are Outlawed in the
United States Court of Claims
and Congress Is the
Only Hope.
The suit of ex-United States Marshal
Ixjng against the Government to recover
certain fees -which had been disallowed
•while he was occupying the office was dis
missed yesterday by United States Dis
trict Judge de Haven under the decision
of the United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals In the suit of Penumbra Kelly
against the Government.
In the Kelly case the Court of Appeals
held that the act of 1897 took away from
the United States District and Circuit
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, ISTOTEMBER 12, 1899.
courts all jurisdiction of suits brought by
United Statf-s officers against the Govern
ment for fees claimed by them, irrespec
tive of the fact whether Buch suits had
been filed bf fore or after the passage of
the act of 1537. The United States Court
of Claims has been adjudged to be the
only tribunal having jurisdiction of such
suits.
The decision is very unfortunate for ex-
Marshal Long, for he cannot go before
the Court of claims, his cause of action,
which was bftrun before the passage or
the act of 1597, being debarred by the
statute of limitations. Genera] John C
Carey, ex-United States District Attor
ney, is In a similar predicament, he hav
ing a suit against the Government pend
ing in the United States Circuit Court for
$snno fees.
The only relief that has been suggested
is an appeal to Congress for an appro
priation to pay the claims.
ELECTION BILLS PAID
Official Canvass of Votes to Begin
Monday Morning.
The Election Commission cleaned up Its
election accounts yesterday by ordering
paid claims to the amount of $31,000. Of
this amount $24,240 represented the salaries
of election officers. Commissioner Lane
announced that there was but $21,000 left
in the election fund, but said at the same
time that the law gave the commission
the privilege to draw on the general fund
for all it needed.
Commissioner "Wells admitted the law,
but took occasion to remark that there
had been no evident desire on the part
of the commission to economize, and that
it must remember that $20,000 more must
be drawn from the general fund next
month to defray the expense of the bond
elections.
The commission will on Monday morn
ing begin the official canvass of the bal
lots cast at the late election. It is fig
ured that the work will require at least
two weeks.
The New Alhambra Theater, Jones
and Eddy streets. Telephone South 770.
To-nig-ht Eugenic Blair in "A L»ady of
Quality."
HIT WITH A SLUNGSHOT
Henry D. Miller, ex-Deputy Assessor.
Arrested for Assaulting Thomas
Word.
Thomas Ward, Second and Bryant
streets, secured a warrant from Judge
Mogan yesterday for the arrest of Henry
D. Miller on the charge of assault with
a deadly weapon. Miller was later ar
rested and locked up In the City Prison.
He gives his occupation as a watchman.
Ward said that Miller blamed him for
his dismissal from the .Assessor's office
and since then has been insulting his wife
and threatening to do him up. Yesterday
morning Miller met him near his resi
dence and struck him in the head with a
slungshot, which is in the possession of
the police.
Golden Gat* Elks.
Golden Gate Lodge No. 3 of the Elks
will give its usual annual entertainment
to lady friends at the Columbia Theater
Sunday afternoon next.
Lnrtieß* tailor-made Bult», fur cap**, cloaks
Credit. M. Rothschild, 384 Poet *U *
OUR BIG FIGHTS
ON PACIFIC COAST
FIGHT FOR THE
COAST TRADE IS
ABOUT TO BEGIN
Proceedings to Open
To-Morrow.
EXPLANATION OF SITUATION
♦
LARGE INTERESTS DEPEND ON
THE ISSUE.
•
Attempt to Deprive Seaboard Cities
of the Only American Trade Ter
ritory on the Mainland
They Now Occupy.
The opening session of the Interstate
Commerce Commission to consider the
suit of the St. Louis jobbers a*ain«t tne
transcontinental railroads for the purpose
of compelling the practical abandonment
of carload differentials and the establish
ment of what are known as graded rates
from the Atlantic seaboard as far west
aa St. Louis on Pacific Coast traffic will
be held to-morrow. What the issue means
to San Francisco, and also to all the oth
er seaboard points on the Pacific Coast.
was neatly voiced in the words of a lead-
Ing business man:
"Please remember that the Pacific Coast
is our all. if not all ours; that we can
not retaliate and Invade the vast terri
tory of the Middle West jobbers east of
the Rocky Mountains. We have no terri
tory west of us to compensate for a loss
of territory east, and if deprived of our
geographical rights we will be driven, if
not to the wall, at any rate into the sea.
We do not believe that you will take
from us even the little that we have, giv
ing it to them who have already mu.-h.
These are the concluding words of the
argument made by W. B. Wheeler before
the traffic officials of the Great >,orthern
and Northern Pacific railways at St. Paul
last May. They are equally applicable
now, for the present situation is fairly
described by them.
The extreme importance of the issue to
the Paciiic Coast and the nearness of the
proceedings may make some present ex
planation acceptable. The men who have
gone to St. Louis in defense of the trade
of the coast are: Traffic Manager Love
land, Attorney E. S. Plllsbury. Charles F.
Tay, President Wakefield Baker and Ja
cob Banich of Los Angeles, all represent
ing the Pacific Coast Jobbers' and Manu
facturers' Association. The transconti
nental roads are defendants to the com
plaint. The Interest of the Southern Pa
cific Company is to hay? the suit adverse
ly decided, for the reason that if the rate?
to the Pacific Coast are made lower from
St Louis and Chicago than they are from
the Atlantic seaboard the Sunset route
will be at a disadvantage.
At present what is known as t c "post
age stamp rates" are in vgue by which
New York, Chicago and St. Louis are
equal rivals for the traffic of the Paciiic
Coast. It is argued by the coast Jobbers
that the principle of graded rates on
transcontinental traffic, being once estab
liPhed, will in time, and in a very short
time, '-destroy or neutralize the advan
tages now enjoyed by reason of geo
graphical position. If rates are graied
westbound there must be grades east
bound. That would Imply that any point
east of Ban Francisco, Portland. Tacoma
or Seattle, Los Angeles or San Diego,
would have lower rates than the coast
towns, which now have such rates be
cause they are on the seaboard; also it
would mean that any point ear~t of the
seaboard could have better rates east
bound than the seaboard for products
and for manufactured goods. This is in
line with vhe persistent effort of the Mid
dle WesH, which is trying to kill sea com
petition upon both the Pacific and the
Atlantic coasts.
As to the abolition of the existing dif
ferentials it is held by coast Jobbers that
the Middle West Jobbers entered this ter
ritory under the war tariffs of 1894, '95
and '95, and that now the Westerners are
claiming as a right what was forced
formerly as a measure of expediency.
Marysvilie, Sacramento and Stockton
have an Interest in graded rates because
they are terminals on account of their
water frontage. Probably the hearing,
after the testimony is in for the Middle
West jobbers, will be continued upon the
Parlnc Coast in San Francisco or else
where.
SOLDIER WHO THREW
SHINING GOLD AWAY
EPISODE IN A STREETCAR THAT
MADE A STIR.
The Martial Creosus Hailed From
North Dakota and Was Only
Just Out of Hospital.
A soldier of the North Dakota volun
teers, who has remained behind his regi
ment in San FYanciECO, being: sick In the
hospital at the Presidio, electrified a car
conductor on the California street line
and a carload of passengers night before
last. lie had been drlnkla* and was
hilarious. The car was No. 47 and was
running extra. Just after it turned into
O'Farrell street from Jones on the way
down to the Market street terminus the
North Dakotan rose from his seat in
steadily and delved down in. his trousers
pockei and Drought up * handful <>f shin
ing twenty dollar pieces that he had re-
I upon his discharge Irom the hos
pital.
"Whoopee!" said he, with a chuckle.
The word was accompanied by a sudden
upward motion and the gold pieces soared
toward the roof of the car and then
fell backward in a jingling shower and
rolled upon the perforated covering of the
floor. "Whoopee!" Once more the soldier
man hoped to rid himself of his earthly
dross, hut he had only silver dollars and
small change to send glimmering into the
air.
The car conductor was in the car ajid
picked up all the money that he could
find. There was $100 In gold pieces and a
small sum in silver.
"I don't want the money," yelled the
excited soldier when the coin was handed
back to him. "Keep It. Keep it. It is no
good to me."
"Well," answered the conductor, "I
don't want it eitht-r."
Here was an interesting situation, and
the inmates of the car. soldiers and civil
ians alike, were at once amused and in
tereated. Twice the coin was tendered to
the soldier and twice he refused it, for
he was "gloriously drunk."
"When the car stopped the conductor
hunted up a policeman and gave him the
money to keep in trust until such time as
tho soldier might think that he needed it.
"he namo of the soldier could not be got
from him. The other soldiers did not
know him. He told of his recent dis
charge from the hospital and his uniform
cap betrayed his regiment.
The New Alhambra Theater, Jones
and Eddy streets. Telephone South 770.
To-night Eugenic Blair in "A Lady of
Quality."
Sergeant Mclulay Missing.
Naval Officer Irish has received a letter
from Murdoch McAulay of Point Clear,
Cape Breton, Nova Scotia, inquiring: for
Information as to the whereabouts of the
writer's son. Sergeant John A. McAulay
of the Montana r«-piment of volunteers,
that left San Francisco for the Philip
pines in July, 1898. From that date to the
present the anxious father has not heard
of his boy.
Deputy "Naval Officer R. W. Maslin has
written to the Governor of Montana for
information a.<? to the whereabouts of the
missing sereeant.
—• ♦ ■
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism & neuralgia.
Druggists, 60c Hask. Richards & Co. 40i Clay.
CONVENTION OF
IRRIGATORS TO
BE VERY LIVELY
Nationals Preparing
Opposition.
»
GOVERNMENT EXPERT COMING
♦
CHITTEJnXEIir REPORT FAVORS
STATE PLAN.
»
California Practically Outside of Con
ditions Upon Which Government
Aid Is Predicated in Consider
ing Arid Land Question.
Irrigation history will bo made for Cali
fornia at the convention to be held this
week in this city. Letters received yes
terday indicate clearly that the advocates
of the national idea, as opposed to the
State plan for the impounding of flood
waters of the State, have been working
In many localities to develop strong oppo
sition on the floor of the convention.
George H. Maxwell, who is looked upon
aa the chief advocate In California of the
idea that the National Government will
provide the means for the necessary
storage reservoirs, will be present as a
delegate from Sonoma County, he having
been named by the Sonoma County Su
pervisors. He will strongly oppose the
State plan. Delegates from some south
ern counties, especially 1-oa Angeles, will
coma with instruction* pledging them to
oppose the work of the California State
Association for th« storage of Hood waters.
Agents of certain ditch companies are in
opposition also. The advocatt-s of having
the State provide the way for the con
struction of dams are numerically strong
and Influential.
Elwood Mead, irrigation expert for the
United States Government, will be pres
ent. His attitude may be Judged by ex
tracts from letters Uiat he baa written to
members of the California State Asso
ciation for the storage of flood waters.
In one of these he says: "1 have always
believed that the Lord helps those who
help themselves, anil I think It a mistake
for any State to sit down and wait for the
Government." In another ia this passage:
"I see no necessary conflict between your
movement and the extension of aid by
the General Government. In fact, I do not
believe that the General Government will
do or can do all that is to be done. If
the convention should desire I will explain
the work of the irrigation investigation
of the Department of Agriculture relative
to the irrigation development in the sev
eral States."
Against the claims of the National Ir
rigation Association will be set forth that
the conditions in the report of Chittenden,
a rlvll engineer, upon which the nation
alists reply, do not apply to California.
His reasons for having the General Gov
ernment provide for Irrigating arid re
gions were that the -water supplies of the
arid States were complicated, but he ex
pressly excepted the Pacilic States, be
cause their water supplies are independ
ent; also, that the United States Is the
principal owner of the land in the arid
States. This is true of Wyoming, for In
stance, where the General Government
owns 90 per cent of the land. In Califor
nia the Government has very little arid
land. Also, It will be urged against the
Idea that the rental from the Govern
ment's arid lnnds v/ould be sufficient to
provide storage reservoirs — that the facts
contradict the theory. The United States
will not rent its forest reservations. Graz
ing lands in Nevada, superior to any arid
lands in California, bring very low rent
als, 175 beins the price for three sections
in one Instance.
A lively convention is certain.
SOUTH AFRICAN LIONS.
A Number of South African lions
Have Arrived Here.
Charles Lyons notifies the public that
in response to numerous applications he
has had a number of copies of Landseer's
celebrated picture of the lion engraved for
distribution amongst his friends. Charles
Lyons is the fortunate possessor of the
original of this celebrated picture, and
these engravings are his own copyright
and can only be obtained from him, pre
sented free to purchasers. A nominal
charge of 10 cents ia made to non-pur
cha.«<-r«.
< autlon— Be sure you go to the right
store. Lyons' store is No. 721 Market
street, in the History building, carried on
under the name and style of Charles
Lyons, the London Tailor. He has noth
ing whatever to do with any other store
on Market street, but has a branch at 122
Kearny street, In tho Thurlow block. •
KINDERGARTENS ENTERTAIN,
Children of Seven Nations Drill and
Sing at the Silver Star Benefit.
North Beach people were out In force
at the entertainment for the benefit of
the "Silver Star" Free Kindergarten, at
Sansome and Vallejo streets, last nighu
Tho programme, which was long and va
ried, was made up of sungs, recitations
and instrumental solos. The star feature
of the bill was a drill by seven tots, rep
resentatives of as many nationalities.
Leonard Schawartz imitated well-known
North Beach characters and so deMghted
his audience that he had to exhaust his
whole stock of funny stories before they
■would let him go.
Battenberg Squares
With Christmas so near, here is a bit. of
interesting news: Renaissance squares, 18x18
inches with a six inch battenberg border, in
handsome designs
95C each
Bed Spreads
Good time for more bed covering: Honey-
comb bed spreads full 10-4, extra heavy, large
variety— just what you want is surely among
them
Cj> 1 . 2 £ each
Write for our new illustrated catalogue.
139 Kearney St.
ADVERTISEMENT S.
NEW DRESS
FABRICS.
FOUR SPECIAL VALUES.
$1.00 Yard.
50 pieces GENUINE FRENCH
POPLINS, full 44 inches
wide, in the following new
shades; National Blue,
Golden Brown, Bordeaux,
Mordore, Navu, Castor
Brown, Automohlle Red,
Heron Grau, Leaf Green
and Russian Violet.
$1.25 Yard.
25 pieces 50-INCH GENU-
INE ALL-WOOL HOME-
SPUNS, in all the new
shades of Gray, Castor,
Blue and Brown, all mixed
effects.
$1.25 Yard.
One case STEWARTON
CHEVIOT PLAIDS, Scotch
effects, a full variety of
new combinations, goods
measure full 47 Inches
wide,
$1.50 Yard.
30 pieces 47-INCH GENU-
INE FRENCH ZIBELINE,
camel's hair effects, the
new material in solid
colors, for fall and winter
wear,
111. 113, 115. 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
THE TRANSFER TROUBLE
Henry Lorenzen'a Case Will Be Tak
en to the Supreme Court.
Henry Lorenzen, 1004 Clay street, veho
was arrested Friday night at Powell and
Market streets for giving away his trans
fer ticket to a newsboy, appeared In
Judge Treadwell's court yesterday morn
ing. By consent the case was continued
till next Friday. Attorney Fred McGreg
or appeared for the defendant, and he in
timated that the validity of the ordinance
would be tested in the Supreme Court.
He was the attorney In a similar case re
cently, in which on appeal Judges Cook,
Lawlor and Dunne, sitting in bank, bus
tained the Judgment of the lower court
convicting the defendant. Ex-Judge Ma
gulre will be associated with him in tak
ing the matter before the Supreme Cour*.
H. Ulitz, a Jeweler living at 610 Linden
avenue, was arrested yesterday afternoon
by Policeman Keyes at Powell and Mar
ket streets, and was sent in the patrol
wagon to the City Prison. He was riding
on a Hayes-street car and got a transfer
to the Powell-street line. He stood on the
corner for about rive minutes and started
to walk north on Powell street. "While
passing a boy who was selling chewing
gum he stuck the transfer ticket in the
boy's hat and was promptly arrested by
Keyes, who was standing on the corner.
He was released on his own recognizance
by Judge Mogan.
A J. Vanderkaay, a photographer, and
S J Kiley, a brass finisher, were arrested
last evening and booked at the City Prison
on a charge of giving away a streetcar
transfer. Both handed their transfers to
newsboys as they left the cars, and on be
ing taken to the City Prison both fur
nished $10 cash bail and were released im
mediately.
In the Divorce Court.
Jessie Hopkins has been granted a di
vorce from Charles G. Hopkins on the
ground of failure to provide. Jennie Baw
dick has sued Richard W. Bawdick for
a divorce, alleging extreme cruelty as
cause of action. Suits for divorce have
also been tiled by Lillie Shepardson
against William G. Shepardson for failure
to provide and Elizabeth M. Tufts against
James \V. Tufts for failure to provide.
Come Just to See.
Useful Premiums Given free.
Great Americanlmportiii£ Tsa Co.
Stores ETerywliere.
too Stores.
\ CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME. !|
1 1 . " "-•---"—•^^-°-^r T[ 1 1]'
j! @^~ ll^J^'^' f'i . '"}
[m j :
n^ —ft- ;
Twelve and fifteen dollar values In 510 'i
sideboards this week. That's our an- ',
nouncement to you to-day. Handsome i,
affairs, solid and well made. i.
THE J. iNOONAN j!
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.), |!
1017-1023 MISSION STREET, ,'
flbove Sixth. i 1
Phone South 14. Open Erenlnyrj. {
Eastman Kodaks
REDUCED 33^ PER CENT,
No. 2 null's Eye, regular J3 00 now $5.35
No. 4 Bull's Eye, regular $12 00 now 98.00
No. i Cartridge Kodak, reg. $25 — now 910.05
No! 2F. P. Kodak, regular $15 now $10.00
No. IF. P. Kodak, regular $10 now $0.65
ALL OTHERS IN PROPORTION.
OPTICIANS nT c APPARATUS.
- n WOOn SCIENTIFIC A
642 Market St.. instruments
URBIR CnaniCLt P.vuomb . . .
««»»»»»»-»■-»■«»«». »»».»«»»»^
Transcontinental tourists and tray- I.
elers from all over the United States T
■bow their appreciation of the excel* J
lej:ce of th» V'-.- I
PALACE^ J
GRAND ||
by making these hotels their headquar- ' i
1 ( ters while In San Francisco. Fourteen < •
i hundred rooms. 900 with baths— largest < >
I and finest in the world. ' n
i JOHN C. KrRKPATRICK. Manager. \
W ——»«•»».».»»»»«>».
THE CALIFORNIA COLLEGE OF DENTAL
SURGERY,
Corner McAllister and Larkin streets, Is now
spen for the admission of students. Apply to
S. W. DENNIS, M. D., D. D. S.. dean at the
college, or A. D. CLEAVES, D. D. S.. assistant
dean, 412 Parrott building.Pages 11 to 20 1
ONE MILLION EACH FOR
IRVING M. AND H. T. SCOTT
Inside History of the Gigantic
Combine of Shipbuilders,
Entire Stock of Union Iron Works in
Escrow at Anglo-Californian Bank,
Big Figure Paid by Seligmans,
THE story published exclusively In
yesterday's Call that the Union Iron
Work ■ had been absorbed by a gi
gantic ship-building syndicate organ
ized by the Sellgmans produced a pro
found impression in San Francisco. To
day The Call is able to place before its
readers a complete confirmation of the
story and supply many of the details con
nected with the negotiations which wero
not obtainable night before last.
Preliminary steps to consolidate under
one general management the leading ship
yards of the Atlantic coast and the Union
Iron Works of the Pacific were taken last
summer. The negotiations were conduct- ;
ed with extreme secrecy. It now trans- j
iplrei that before Henry T. Scott left this \
city on his recent Eastern trip all of the j
6took of the Union Iron Works was placed
■In escrow in the Anglo-Calif ornian Bank ,
of San. Francisco. This bank is the j
agency 1 of the Seligmans in California.
Some interesting- facts come to light re- j
Fording the price or prices of the stock, j
for as a matter of fact two prices were ,
considered and accepted. The active man- ,
agers of the works received a much larger
sum per share for their stock than was
paid to stockholders who had not par- '
Ticipated in the active affairs of building j
i^hips. All of the stockholders, however, I
acquiesced in this twofold arrangement. ]
Or.c reason assigned for giving to the !
active managers a big price for their hold- ;
Ings was the consideration that they were
in the enjoyment of lucrative salaries
and would therefore be called upon to
rinke great pecuniary sacrilices in gelling
their stock at the ordinary valuation,
Under the terms of the agreement the
<->rdinary stockholders receive $250 per
Fhare of stock. The favored holders, or
the active managers, receive for their
i-idings $s^o per share. The number of
shares of stock in the concern is 20,000,
hence if all the stock were sold at $2f<o per
share the aggregate price would he $5,
--000.000.
The original capital stock was $2,000,000,
and of this amount $1,250,000 was paid up.
The par value of the stock is $100 per
share.
The Call Is assured that all of the
Ftockholders are satisfied with the ar- I
rangements of the syndicate. The '
transaction is closed, barring the actual !
payment of money and the transfer of I
property. No doubt exists as to the ability
or design of the syndicate to execute ita ;
written obligations.
In deciding to sell out the stockholders
took into account that they had derived
large profits from the construction of !
ships for the United States navy. It is ,
paid that the Union Iron Works made a |
clear profit of $500,000 in the building of j
the coast defender Monterey. They :
reasoned further that Uncle Sam was now j
provided with a first-class navy, and i
building enterprises in this branch of
•work would not be brisk until some fu- i
ture time.
The stockholders of the Union Iron.
Works are: James 08. Gunn, Irving M.
Scott, Henry T. Scott, George W. Dickie,
WHEELER TELLS
OF THE GLORY
OF MARATHON
Brilliant Lecture on
Athletics.
♦
OBJECTS OF HIGH EDUCATION
•
OLYMPIAN- GAMES INTEREST
INGLY DESCRIBED.
A Large Audience Listens Atten
tively to the University of
California's New Presi
dent.
. [de Wheeler, president of the
ot California, entertait.
large - in Metropolitan Temple
. B : -■•ription of the Olym-
I in Athens in 1896. For
he vividly pictured the con-
I in by international ath
each event with
eplen and paintings taken
and c :urlng the mem
orable
Previous to the lecture the University
Glee Club rendered "Hull, California" and
a snappy sea ballad. In introducing: Presi
dent Wheeler, Professor Bacon of Berke
ley s.'iid the former was just the kind of
man tho university wanted to turn out.
He paid a neat tribute to President
Wheeler in the following: words:
"When I say this I do not mean that
our main ambition is to turn out great
Greek scholars, though President Wheeler
is a great Greek scholar; neither is it our
ambition to turn out great historians, and
President -\\ hreli-r comes pretty near
being a great historian. He is the kind of
a man we want because he is an all-round
man, a man who is In sympathy with
every human In) -i, and we hope he is
going to help us turn out such men "
When Professor Wheeler stepped for
ward he was tendered a great welcome
from the large assemblage, and through
out his highly Interesting iecture he was
given the closest attention and hearty ap
plause. J l
At the outset the speaker traced the
history of atheltlcs, told of its importance
in Kngland and dwelt humorously on the
effort being made by the French to copy
their English neighbors. The mention of
Baron Coubetan i, Kr eat Frenchman
who conceived the Idea of holding th«
Olympian games, was the signal for an
plause. The speaker told of the congress
that was called In 1894 and of the motion
of an American thai prevailed that the
iirst games be held at Athens, where It
had its baptism. A map of Greece was
then thrown on the canvas and the lec
turer gave a short description of the
country and a history of the games.
For almost ten centuries, he said the
fairs which were held at Olympla Iji honor
\^____^ XT -— ». *■»— - - \jr >7^
E. W
M. 'Iriffth. Phnrlfs < : ,
■ ■ Sloss and
Irving M. Scott and Henry T. Scott
ach $1,000,000. Henry T. will be
■ ■ I by the c imbine to manage the af
• the Union Iron Works, it is un
: thai Irving M. will retire from
•tics of business life and per
•• his time and talents to the
■■. He will be In line to sei ye
ornia in the United .- :
rovernor shall decide to appoint him
or the Legislature to elect him for that
service.
big combine is not relished in San
The syndicate • I build
s>.-ps than the Oregon and Olym
v ' ■ •rs will pay higher wages
iployes than the Scotts are paying,
and the men at the yards will live a long
before they find employers more con-
Lte of the workingmen than the
Scotts have been.
The present activity of th* Union Iron
Works will be maintained for a consid
erable length of time. The naval ( r
course of construction consist of two
great battleships— the Wisconsin and Ohio
—the monitor Wyoming and the torpedo
Pn ble, Paul Jones and Perry. It Is
i expected that a contract for a three thou
ton cruiser will be awarded to the
Union Iron Works in a few days. En
addition to the work for the navy, the
freight ship California of 8000 tons and
the ferry-boat San Pablo are in course of
m at the yards.
Although there is much work on hand,
the a; -i exists that the synd
in the future will place the building of
bic ships in the yards where labor ami
rial are cheap. It is difficult to per
tage to California in g< n
oral. and San I': ar, by
the organization of the great ship-building
syndicate. The trust the wi rk
•lone where it can be done tl •
• the Doodling, vindi.
will not pounce upon every man
to do something for the prosperity of the
community.
SELIGMANS WARY.
The following: dispatch wag received last
night:
NEW YORK, Nov. 11.— The Herald
Fays Jefferson Seilgman would give no j
explanation of the report from San ;
Francisco of a syndicate to control all
leading- shipyards of the country.
"There is nothing to be said now,"
said Mr. Seligrnan, "not a word."
"Is it true," I asked, "that the ship
yards mentioned are to be brought to
gether in one combination?"
Mr. lipman replied: "Just at this
time I will not discuss the matter. I
might say, perhaps, that the subject Is
not ripe for discussion at this time. I
am always willing to oblige the Her
ald, but we can say nothing now."
Henry Seligman affirmed that he
knew nothing about the plan to con
solidate shipyards.
of the god of the place were accompanied
sports. The fairs brought peo
ple together for social converse, for trade
and worship. He said the Greeks wero
not an in ipie, and then told
they did for their gods; how the
winner of the footrace marked the cal- :
: iirs continued long 1
-r. and were finally closed as
t a continuance of pagan- '
He Bald we were living in the midst
of a Greek renaissance of education, and
• was a matter of developing person
ality to the fullness of its capability. The
scribed the restoration of the I
games; how a wealthy Greek named
Ayarra had given a large sum to have the
Stadium restored to its almost old-time
and how the King and prominent
ns of the country had lent their aid i
tremendous project. He told of the
le being seated in the Stadium !
ana of the same number occupying points
of vantage on the throe hills that over
; the immense amphitheater. He
' described the athletic field, and said it !
. was the finest of its kind in the world, as j
lid not be equaled for sport and its i
rvation.
He spoke of the games; of the four rep
es Bent over by Princeton and
°f , tv ■ B iston athletic
clubs to represent this country, and of
their splendid showing In the different'
rrett for winning
the discus throw, and described that pic
: turesque and national sporl of the Greeks
,T£ c B P ea . k er related how Burke won the
100-yard dash ai d of the furor "Smiling" '
( onnolly of Boston created when ho won
the triple Jump. His des< ription of Con- :
; nolly was full of kii ■ r and ere- j
peat laughter. As a piece of do- I
live work 11 was a brilliant effort and
ise
President Wh< upon Marathon
day; the great Joy of the people wh< n one
of their peasants was the first of seven
teen starters to come bel King,
and of the wild enthusiasm that followed
The speaker paid a high tribute to the
Greeks, and in concluding said that the
next games would be h<ui i n Paris then
in I/ondon and next in New York
Three hearty Berkeley yella by the stu
i dents closed an interesting lecture.
RIBAS HAS DISAPPEARED.
General Ezeta's Interpreter Borrows
a Friend's Watch and Pawns It.
Manuel Blanco, an attache of the Oc
cidental Hotel, called at police headquar
ters yesterday morning and Becured the
assistance of a detective to find a
watch which he had loaned Armando
Ribas, editor of Pro-American ami inter
preter to General Carlos Ezeta. He said
that while he was sick in b< d EUbae
upon him and observing his watch lying
on a table suggested that it be intrusted
to his care for safekeeping and he got it.
• Blanco was surprised several days ago
to learn that Ribas had left the city. Ho
visited Mrs. Carlos Ezeta in Oakl.-uid and
found a note there for him from Ribas
containing a pawn ticket for the watch
and explaining that he had been forced
to pawn the- watch to raise money. The
n mount loaned on the watch was $15.
The watch was recovered.
Killed by an Elevator.
Ramon Armendnriz, porter for Weil
man & Peck at 201 Market street, was in
jured in the elevator of the building last
Thursday, his left leg being jammed be
tween the floor of the cage and the floor
of the building. He died yesterday morn
ing in Mount Zion Hospital. The deceasi 1
was 42 years old, and leaves a family at
721 Ajshbury street- An inquest will be
beVL
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1899.
DRINK-CRAZED PRISONERS PLOT
TO MURDER ON THE INDIANA
INCIDENTS OF HOME-COMING OF THE TENNESSEEANS.
THE transport Indiana, with tho I
First Tennessee Volunteers and 101 i
military prisoners from the I'hilip
. arrived in port yesterday |
morning after a voyage of thirty- '
three and a half days from Manila. Th*»
trip across the ocean was replete with
exciting Incident^, among which were the
■ the prisoners to take posses- i
sion of the ship and the startling discov- ;
cry w ssel was still five days
away from port that the supplies were all
but exhausted. The Indiana arrived off
of the Farailones Friday evening, but the
fog and ni'st were so dense that the offi- ;
c-rs decided not to run the risk of pass- .
ing into the harbor until yesterday morn- i
ing.
A* sonn as the ship was sighted the
Tennessee delegation which has been
awaiting the home coming of the troops
for several days went out to meet them
In the State tug Governor Markham, ae
companled by the Citizens' Committee on
the Governor Irwin. At the sight of the
people from their own State the boys
crowded to the rails and cheered and
otherwise gave expression to their pleas
ure at once again being in sight of Amer
ica's shores; for these boys have had
enough of the Philippines, and they are
probably in as good a position to Judge
the country across the seas as any of
the troops that have gone there. Not one
of them has a good word to say of the
Islands, or their future, and not one of
them will ever return there of his own
volition.
The citizens' Committee, the Tennessee
ption committee and many friends
and relatives of the soldiers kept along
side of the Indiana until she dropped an
i nor in the stream off the Government
dock. Then they rushed aboard of the
port, and for the rest of the day
had possession of the ship. Troops could
not possibly wish for a more sinccregreet
lng than those Tennessee boys received
from the people who had traveled across
the continent to meet them at the Goiden
Gate.
When the Indiana was off Alcatraz the
military prisoners were transferred to the
island on the tug: Fearless and their de
parture from the ship was a great relief
to the officers and every man on board.
From the time they were taken aboard
at Cavite they have been a source of con
tinual worriment to those in charge of
the ship. Lest Monday night the trouble
with them reached a climax, when they
broke through the bulkhead separating
their quarters from the commissary store
room and secured several cases of
whisky. Had they been moderate in con
suming it the theft would probably not
have been discovered until after the I
transport had docked, and the melee that ]
followed might have been averted.
The prisoners, however, attempted a
race against time in consuming every
drop of jpiritß in the storeroom. They
made Borne headway and about 10 o'clock
at night they became veritable demons
and broke loose. With a sudden rush
tiny splintered the wooden bars that
formed the front of their prison and scat
tered over the ship. The onslaught was
PD sudden that the guards were taken un
awares and the situation became serious.
The mon are reported to be of the most
desperate class— criminals and outlaws
who managed to join the army without
the recruiting officers learning of their
true characters. With their vicious na
ture intensified by the liquor, they be
came bloodthirsty and vengeful and ran,
over the ship threatening to kill any one
who dared to check them. When the offl
eera became aware of the situation all of
the available men were called to duty
and a fearful hand to hand combat en
sued. The drunken prisoners fought with
virlousness. It was an act of providence
that they had not secured arms In their
mad run over the vessel, for there was
murder in them, and they would not have
hesitated to kill.
Commands to surrender seemed to make
them more determined to take possession
of the transport. They rushed at ihe sol
diers with their fists and had to be
clubbed back with the butt ends of rifles
and pistols. The orders had been given
to the soldiers not to shoot, unless as a
final resort, and the rebellious men had to
be literally beaten into insensibility be
fore they were quelled. A dozen or more
of the ringleaders of the revolt were put
in irons, while the rest of them were
placed in solitary confinement and kept
on a diet ct bread and water. What fur
ther punishment may be meted out to
thc-m when their action la formally re
ported to the authorities is problematical.
The pathetic incident of the trip oc
curred shortly after the Indiana cast an
chor in the stream. Private Frank F. Mc-
Neal of Company D, who had been sick
with dysentery but whose condition was
not considered serious, took a turn for
the worse eaxly in the day, and In. the
Break Loose on the Vessel That Brings the
Returning Tennessee Volunteers ♦
afternoon, when all was joy and gayety
among the troops, the word was |
that the man had died. During his lil
ness his one wish had been to see his rel
atives before the •nd came. The sur
ppoiiri assured him that he was In no
danger, but no matter how sincere they
wore In the belief that ho would rei
McNeaJ had a premonition that his days
were numbered. He told his attendants
that he knew he was golmig to die,
and said that he would peacefully resign
to the inevitable if he could only pass
away in th*> aims of his old mother away
back in Tennessee. But death respects
not the wishes of the living, and th«s
brave soldier expired just when the
chances were brightest for his last desire
being: gratified. The body will he em
balmed and shipped to the homo of the
waitint? mother in Tcnm •.- ■ ■
The remains of five of the Tcnnessee
ans who lust their lives in the Philip
pines: were brought back on the transport.
They are those, of Private Orvill. Men ur,
who" died of typhoid August 30, 1893; Cor
poral J. C. BulliiiKton, killed by the in
surgents September If.; Corporal I>ueien
B. Price, the victim of an awful mistake
September 12; Private William Hanley,
killed in the charge at El Pardo Septem
ber 22. and Private William Parrish, ac
cidentally killed March 19.
The story of the death of Corporal
Price has many tragic features. He was
one of the bravest of the brave of the
Tennesseeans. One night while his com
pany was camped near El Pardo, Cebu,
he rushed from his tent in his night
clothes and passed the picket lino before
he was noticed. He had a red cloth
wrapped around his head to protect him
from the mosquitoes, and in the darkness
had the appearance of being a Filipino.
When he was noticed beyond the lines
he was mistaken for an Insurgent and
shot by a member of the Sixth Infantry,
who was doing guard duty. Price's pecu
liar actions were explained by the tact
that he was subject to nightmare, and in
ono of thest delirious periods left his
ten".
The charge at El Pardo, where Private
Hanley lost his life, gave an example cf
the f.ghtlng stock of which the Tennessee
boys are made. The greater part of the
regiment embarked at Manila, Several
of the companies were at El Pardo. and
the Indiana stopped there to pick them
up.
The day of their arrival it was dis
covered that the insurgents had in
trenched themselves in a strong position
back in the hills. The soldiers, who
thought they were through with active
service, were ordered to assist In dislodg
ing the Filipinos. It needed no second
command. As soon as the Tennesseeana
learned that there was fighting to be done
they were eager to get at it. They made
a rush up the mountain side and, with a
yell that made them famous through the
campaign, scared the Filipinos into (light
and took possession of their position.
They were determined to exterminate
| every man in the trenches, and undoubt
edly would have done so had not the
enemy lied.
When they were packing \ip, making
ready to resume their journey home, a
lone Filipino who had hid in a tree shot
Hanley through the head. The Filipino
never had an opportunity to tell his com
rades what he had done.
The men on the transport complain that
they have been poorly fed on the voyage
and state that live days before reaching
port they were put on short rations be
cause It was discovered that the stores
had almost been exhausted. The officers
deny this and claim the story originated
from the natural tendency of the soldier
to find fault.
The Indiana Is in charge of Captain M.
H. Morle; J. D. Forbes, first olllcer; W.
A. Morehouse, second; George Toon,
third; William Clift, fourth. The ofiiwrs
of the Tennessee regiment who returned
on the transport are: Colonel Grany
Childers, Lieutenant Colonel A. B. Bay
liss First Major John G. McGuire, Second
Major William J. Whitthorne, Third x\ia
jor A. C. Gillern, First Lieutenant and
Adjutant B. Nelson Coffman, First Lieu
tenant anl Quartermaster Patrick L.
Stacker, Major and Chief Surgeon Rich
ard A. Barr, Captain and Assistant Sur
geon R. M. Kirby-Smlth, Captain and As
sistant Surgeon Percy L. Jones, Captain
and Chaplain Rials.
The. transport will dock this morn. 114
and the troops will be escorted to the
Presidio by a squad of cavalry and a bat
tery of artillery.
FINE RECORD OF THE
FIRST TENNESSEES
The First Tennessee Regiment Is the
last to return to the United States by way
of Baa Francisco of all the State volun
teer organizations that sailed through the
Golden Gate for the Philippines, as it is
the last of all those who offered thoir ser
vices to defend the Hag of their country in
the war with Spain, to be relieved of duty
In the field. All the volunteers returning
from the Philippines to California's hos-
pitaoie snores nave tounn a we n-earnec
welcome awaiting- thorn anil such a wel
come the gallant Tennesseeans have we]
and bravely earned. They have swi
much hard service on Luzon first ant
later on Panay ;ind Cebu in the Visayai
Islands, and though thHr sixteen months
absence had ma«lc them look with lone
Ing eyes over the prow of their vessel
which was heading for home, at duty*i
call they again hastened ashore at Cebi
to take part in an impending engagemen
with the enemy. Their eager readinesi
to forego their long anticipated homi
going and to share anew the hardship:
<>f the field and the dangers of battli
called forth the plaudits of the whol<
country, which was properly v<
President McKinley in his cablegram o
commendation of their action. Tennessei
has a good right to be proud, as of yore
of the "'First Tennessee," and the whol<
country is with her in this feeling.
regiment started from Nashvilli
and crossed the continent in three sec
tions. arriving in Han Francisco on .Turn
IT, 1898. I; sailed tor Manila in two de
tachments, one under Colonel W. C
Smith coins- on the Zealandla, October 30
and the nth^r. under Lieutenant Colon*-
Grany Child ers, going on the City o:
Puebla, November <?. The two detach
ments arrived at Manila on November 2S
and December *>, respectively, going into
camp on the Paseo d<- Santa Lucia.
During the night of the insurgent out
break, February 4, the Tennessee boys
i stood under arms at the Punta Espana,
ready for any emergency, whether in the
city districts or on the tiring line. Early
the next morning, by order of General R.
P. Hughes, their brigade commander, the
i First Battalion, under Lieutenant Colonel
: Childers, reported to General Anderson, in
; the Paco district, south of the river: the
i Second Battalion, under Colonel Smith
i and Major Cheatham, to General Hale, in
; the Santa Mesa district, where the light
ing began, and the Third Battalion, under
Major McGuire, to General Mac Arthur, in
the Tondo district. Of the gallant work
of the three detachments throughout the
fighting of the sth and 6th of February,
the press reports spoke In the highest
terms and none too highly. The sons of
the sires who were in the "forefront of the
American line on the bloody field of Mon
terey and who won a place for the stars
and stripes on the bristling heights of
Chapultepec, proved on numerous occa
sions that they were worthy representa
tives of the "Volunteer State." But,
though in the very front of battle and in
flicting heavy losses on the enemy, who
numerously opposed them, not a man was
struck by a ball throughout the whole of
the two days' fighting. The loss of its
gallant commander, Colonel W. C. Smith,
a veteran Confederate soldier and the
hero of many a well-fought field, who
was stricken with apoplexy just as his
men were entering the fight and soon af
ter expired, was mourned by the entire
regiment.
On February 9 of this year the regi
ment sailed from Manila for Iloilo, Panay
Island, where It arrived at 11 p. m. oh
the 10th. The next day, after a short
bombardment of the place by the war ves
sels which accompanied the expedition,
the order for landing was given, and
within the space of an hour and a half the
whole regiment was on shore, and, in con
cert with part of the Eighteenth Infan
try, had driven the enemy, who were in
heavy force, from the town, and oc
-1 cupied all the approaches, besides ex
Contlnucd on Page Fifteen.
CHADBOURNE'S DREAM
OF OFFICE IS OVER
Gage Orders the Suit Against
Herold Dismissed,
The Governor Has Refused to Permit His
Victim to Keep the Gold Brick as a
Memento of Deceit.
Governor Gage has given another proof j
to the public that he does not possess
within him an element that will force him
to be true even to his friends.
M^re than this, California's chief execu
tive has demonstrated that after he has
sold a friend a gold brick he will rub the
friend of even the grim satisfaction of
keepir.gr the brick as a reminder of official
duplicity. Colonel F. S. Chadbourne is
the latest victim of the Governors deceit.
The colonel is smiling painfully at the
raillery of his associates and accepting
with patience and resignation the jokes
of his acquaintances. He thought that he
had won from Gage a remote reward and
a dubious honor. Ho has awakened now
to the interesting fact that he has re
ceived neither. The feelings of the colonel
have been trifled with, and after months
of weary waiting and anxiety his dream
of dominion on the water front has I n
dispelled. He will not receive the c
position hfld by Rudolph Herold Jr. as
Harbor Commissioner, and Gage hns not
even deigned to tell his victim of thi
ceit. which outsiders have already discov
ered.
Tho story of the colonel's burst bubble
is interesting.
During the gubernatorial campaign Col
onel Chadbourne rendered to the Republi
can party services which the managers
and seme of the leaders considered val
uable. The colonel naturally considered
that he was entitled to some reward. His
tastes are not averse to the flavor of po
litical loaves and fishes, and his hands
were extended in natural eagerness for
them. He had been a Harbor Commis
sioner and his friends supported his
claims for reappointment. His successor
was Rudolph Herold Jr., and the colonel
smiled gleefully in the prospect that he
would return to the board. With his hope
| of returning his ambition soared and he
I laid plans to be appointed president of the
j board of which he had been a member.
Then came the first disenchantment.
1 There was a question in ref. r< nee to the
: number of leeal vacancies in the Board of
Harbor Commissioners. To the ordinary
I mind there was only one vacancy; to the
VICTOR AND VANQUISHED.
legal brain there was a suggestion of two.
Rudolph Herold Jr. had been appointed
by Governor Budd and confirmed by the
State Senate several months before there
was a vacancy.
There was therefore a chance to ques
tion the legality of his appointment. Gov
ernor Gage seized upon the chance as a
good opportunity to present Charlbourne
with a gold brick. While Chadbourne
had. he thought, done something for his
party he was not as close in the affec
tions of Gage as Dan Burns. The man
from Mexico demanded that Paris Kil-
Pages 11 to 20 !
burn be given the presidency of the H^ir
bor Commission, and Cage, ; is a matter
of duty, obeyed. Chadbourne was dum
founded, and ins dismay increased when
he learned that he i. Belected by
Gage to contest the position occupied by
Hi rold En •■ lo" of securing a rich prize
he had been given a number in a legal
lottery that might not win. lie finds now
that the number not only did not win,
bui it was bogus. The gold brick wad
not even gil<
The Governor had taken this cheap
method with which to get rid of tt
nial colonel, wl dered such gal
lant service on the staff of Governor
Budd. Gage declared that Heroid's ap
pointment, being made and confirmed -o
many months before the expiration of his
predecessor's term, was Illegal.
He therefore appointed Chadbourne to a
lawsuit. The colonel accepted the gift
and then face,; another difficulty. He
could not even bring suit against llendd
without permission of the Attorney Gen
eral, whose consent must be obtained In
actions where the State seek:-; to become a
plaintiff.
The consent of Attorney General Ford
was nut difficult t" obtain, (lage com
manded him to give It, and he did so.
And thus Colonel Chadbourne, in his own
interesting self, became the people of tho
State. Suit was instituted in April, and
Knight & Heggerty became attorneys f<T
Chadbourne. The colonel was almost
crushed, lie referred contemptuously t"
Kilburn as a "chairwanner" and thought
longingly of the chair he would 111
keep from getting cold. Week .ifter week
ined. The colonel's
lawyers were the most accommodating
in the world to their opponents.
.Meanwhile Chadbourne was becoming a
political heretic, and took no pain;, to
disguise his opinion that Gage was a.
stuffed political prophet. This heresy
came to the ears of the Governor, and the
chair in the Harbor Commissioners' office
v. as lost to the colonel forever. The Gov
ernor began to speak disparagingly of the
colonel's political prowess, even sneering
at his ability to bombard the enemy with
the artillery of his lungs.
The fact that the colonel has adorned
the staff of Governor Budd became
picious. Gage lost neither time nor op
portunity to indicate that Chadbourne had
fallen from his high estate. These symp
toms of gubernatorial biliousness were
not lost upon the friends of Herold.
They went to Gage and begged him to
permit the Hart "r < 'ommissioner to retain
his place. The Governor was not adverse
'to the proposition. He said that he was
sorry anyway that he had appointed
Chadhourne, and he would not have done
so ha;l he not confused Herold with some
one else of the. same name who had
fought him.
With this encouragement the friends of
Herold worked with renewed energy.
Time for action was growing short, and
the legal determination of the issue in
court could not much longer be postponed.
Every legal subterfuge for delay had been
used and Gage was asked to "end it all.
He did so by commanding Attorney Gen
eral Ford to withdraw the consent of tho
State to the suit instituted by Chadbourne
and to order the dismissal of the action!
Ford has done so and the sad news will
be broken officially to-day by the attor
neys to Chadbourne. The suit will prob
ably bo dismissed to-morrow in Judge.
Murasky'e court, where it is now pending.
Wills Filed for Probate.
The will of James H. Culver, who died
October 26. was filed for probate yester
day. Decedent bequeaths his entire es
tate, which is of unknown value, to his
widow, Elizabeth C. Culver. By the terms
of the will of Michael Hargadln an estate
valued ai $500 is bequeathed William Mc-
Goldrick, decedent's nephew.
Mission Improvement Club
The Mission Federation of Improvement
Clubs held a meeting last evening at
Fairmount Hall, 230 Chenery street.. The
following cemmittee was appointed for
the purpose of advocating the project re
lating to the bonding of streets, sewers
and the County Hospital: A. S. Lille, Ro
bert Anderson. D. I. Wyatt, J. Johnson,
Dr. E. N. Torello, Gus Schnee, H. E.
Griffith, Joseph Toohey and C. Ftader.
W. Grunsfeluer of the Western Addi
tion Improvement Club was present and
addressed the meeting. Several members
from the Market-street Club were ai>.>
present for the purpose of having the
federation indorse W. H. Cuthbertson for
Commissioner of Public Works. The mat
ter was laid over until next Saturday
evening?, when a special meeting will bo
held.12
SPORTS
MUDLARKS IN
DEMAND AT
TANFORAN
Burns in Front on Three
Winners— Mat Storn's
Stable in Form.
The limited Saturday crowd at Tan
foran Park was treated to some very
good iport yesterday. The course was a
sea of splashy mud, and the members of
the web- footed brigade were in their ele
ment Several of the finishes were of the
hair curling sort, the brilliant young
rider Tommy Burns shining to especial
advantage by thrice landing his mounts
first at the wire. St. Casimlr. Morinel
and Tullamore were the successful favor
[gan's St. Casimlr scored his third
victory In the first chapter, a selling dash
at five furlongs. The St. Andrew gelding
ruled a warm choice, winning leisure y
from The Buffoon. Jolly Briton, weakly
ridden by Devin; ran third.
Tirade the mount of Tommy Burns,
had first call in the betting on the seven
furlong run, but seemed to be of no ac
count. Floundering about in the going.
he finished an indifferent third. Henry,
astride of Monda. assumed the front po
sition in the stretch, and at the wire led
Blooming Chance out over two lengths.
The winner was second choice in the bet
ting. ■
At kin & Lottride's black horse 1- aver-
Bhamwas extensively backed at short odds
to win the mile selling event and made a
failure of it. Burns took Jennie Keid
away in front and before ha.!f the dis
tance had been covered the favorite had
enough. R. Hughes' useful filly then
splashed in three lengths before lake,
second choice in the betting. Three to 1
was laid about the winner at post time.
Faversham ran into the how.
The defeat of Chiinura, the. 1 to 3 favor
ite furnished by the Corrignn stable, in
the mile and a sixteenth selling affair by
Frank Janbert. was wholly unexpected.
Jack Martin, on the latter uncertain
equiru? quantity, trailed the favorite and
St. Aignon to the stretch, where he be
gan to ride. As the stand was approach
ed, Chimura tired perceptibly and Jau
bert downed the chestnut mare a head.
St. Aignon disposed of Fi Fi, the only
other .starter, for show honors.
1 >i >■■ .Martin, on
. tan fr"m
i finish, be was
a ir;::
I
ring and had it
>r ii stumble made by Zoroas-
It w.: the last
r set
irly six fui .
■ the Ice
!n th< furlong sprint. }{■
had ■ the 9 to 5
■
•■■
•utsider, finished
third.
Columbia IG, West Poiut 0.
WEST POINT, N. V.. Nov. 11.— In a fu
rious game of twenty-five and twenty
minute halves Columbia defeated West
Point by a score of 16 to 0 on the parade
ground to-day. West Point played a good
frame, but was unable to prevent her line
being- forced and her ends circled for tell
ing grains. Weeks especially excited the
wonder of the spectators. A light, steady
rain prevailed, which made the ball hard
to hold, and fumbling was a marked fea
ture. Ennis excelled in punting-, but tho
ends wore unable to cover the ground
and Columbia continually ran back for
good gains, while on the other hand La
rendon made short punts, the ends kept
pace with the ball and downed West
Point generally without gain. The only
disturbing feature of the game was the
Incessant coaching on the field and from
the side lines of Sanford, Columbia's
coach.
Victoria Wins.
VANCOUVER, Nov. n.— The Rupby
ill match this afternoon between!
ria and V. for the cham
p of Eril ' won
the i re being— Victoria 16, ■
vanci
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
TANFORAN PARK. Saturday, November 11, 1899.— Seventh day of
the Winter Meeting of the Western Turf Association. Weather rainy.
Track sloppy.
J. J. Bl'UKE-Presiding Judge. J. F. CALDWELLr-Starter.
OQQ FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; purse, $100.
I | ; Betting.
Index. Horse. Weight. St. Vim. %m. %m. Btr. Fin. Jockeys. Op. CI.
(280) St. Caslmir lOsfs ... 2 3 14 12 1 2 T. Bum? ! 3-5 7-10
(243) .The; Buffoon 108 1 ... 12 2 1 2 3 23 IE. Jones . 2 9-3
(294) Jolly Briton 103 4 ... 4 4 4 3 4 iRanch 20 20
/2iC) Racetto 110j 2 ... 36 8S 32 4 Devln S 12
Time— U. :2l*i: %. :38%: %, 1:04%: Poor start. Won cleverly. Second and third driving.
Winner, E. Corrigan'a 1>. g.. by imp. St. Andrew-Ottyana.
Jones on Buffoon beat his field away four lengths. Winner Is a very- shifty youngster.
Jolly Briton miserably ridden.*
Scratched— Sam Dannenbaura M8.
QQQ BECOND RACE— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
1 I (Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Vim. %m. %m. Ftr. Fin. j Jockeys. Op. CI.
2«5 Mend*. 3 107 5 42 22 25 12 1 2% Henry ! 2 8-6
291 Bloom'g Chance, 3.. 109 1 11 12 11 2 10 28 IHerting 15 25
25S Tirade, 3 11212 2 1 3 4 S 10 3 6 3 10 T. Burns 1-2 4-5
263 San Carlos. 4 1141 3 5 6 5 5 4 1 E. Jones ! 10 15
2S5 Duke of York II. 5..103! 4 3h 4_4_ 4 5 4 5 5 [Morgan | 12 15
Time—';. :12; %, :39; %, 1:06; %. 1:35. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driv-
ing. Winner, W. P. Fine's b. g., by Imp. Inverness-Mascot.
Monda the best of a ragged assortment. Tirade Is a bad one.
orjrk THIRD RACE-rOne mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Vim. Vim. %m. Str. Fin. I Jockeys. Op. Cl!
275 Jennie Reld, 3 102 3 lh 11 13 12 13 T. Burns "s^5 6^2
2<7 Castake. 4 103 1 4S 3 1 2% 2 4 2 6 T. Walsh 5-2 11-5
223 Faversham. 3 .105 4 2% 22 36 30 32 IDevln 3-2 9-10
295 RapidQ, a 103i 5 5 E 5 4 1 4 12 J Martin . 15 30
2i>8 Roalruniier. a 108) 2 33 48 45 5 5 |E. Jones I 20 30
TIme-%, :26%; H, :52%| %. 1:19%; mile. 1:47. Good start. Won eaatly.f Second and third
driving. Winner. R. Hughes" b. 1., by EI Rio Rey-Fonsetts. Ullra
Slushy going »eem< I to fit the winner. Faversham probably short. Castake ran to form.
301* FtVMTn KA'"~ M1,e and a ->xteenth; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse.
Index. Horse, Age. Weight St. Vim. %m. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op^'ci!
2r-5 Frank .Taut-.- 8.. .107 4 3 1 3 5 3 12 lh 1 h J Martin ~~i it
(288) Chlmura, 3 104 2 2 2 2 8 14 3 20 2 3 T. Burns ; 2-5 1-?
276 St. Algnon. a.... 102 3 In 1% 22 2 y, 3 30 Ranch ... "! " 2 1
266 Fl Fl. a......... '■'- 14 4 4 «___4 |Dcvln ■■.....'.: JO 60
Time- 6-16 :83%; M6. l ; 28%; mile 1:48%; 1 i-icm. 1 w,,n
Time-E-lC *3%; D-lfl. 1:01%: 13-16 1:28%; mite, 1:48%; 1 i-icm. 1:55%. Good start.~Won
first three orlrlng. dinner, < arruthera & Shields' b. g.. by The Bard-Heel and Toe
Chimura and Bt. Algnon raced themselves out. Jaubert then tcok the lead
Scratched— Reolia 102.
302* Fi5 ./H RACE~MIIe and a ■<«*•«»; handicap; three-year-olda and upward; purse,
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Mm. %m. %tn. str. Fin. Jockeys. Op^afc
S2S9«Morlnel, 4.. 102 3 11 2% 2% lVi JTt. Burns 4-5 4-5
(283) Zoroaster, .3... 90 4 2h 3 2 35 2 1 2 5 J.Martin I 3 3
2*6 Silver Tone. 3 87 1 12 11 li 35 35 J Walsh , •' 11 r
j^ljh^ '- m< 2 -4 * * < 1 jjohnson .:::::: 3o **
* \ johnaS? :::::: so 40
Time-l-16. :06%: r.-l*. :32>i; 9-16. :38%; 18-18, 1:25; mile. l-45%5 1 1-I6m, 1-."
Won all driving. Winner. M. Store's b. m.. by Morello-Sunllt. d Btnrt'
Zoroaster stumbled at far turn or he would have won; as It was. Burns outflnished Mar
tin. Silver Tone stopped. " •""■"■
OAO SIXTH RACE— Five furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. .-;. %m. %m. %m. Str. Fin. ! Jockeys. Op";CK
2t>l Tullumorc, 4 108 1 5 ... 22 2422 lh Morgan 1 .. «-5
285 Genua, i *\* ... 11 12 12 2 5 J.Walsh 2 2
297 Earl Islington, 3.V.102 6 ... 6 5 3 2 3 2 3 2 Henry 40 no
283 Lothian. 8 99* ... ■ 6 3 fj « 10 ,4% Ranch 6 5
291 Katie Gibbons, 3... Ml ••• * i * § Ji 51 J. Martin 10 13
297 Ricardo, a Ml ... 4% 6 5 6 2 6 » .tones 8 5
290 Lona Marie, 4 104 7 ... 7 7 7 7 IDevln 30 50
Time— M :2S; W. :»1%; %■ 1:04%. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner" W. D
Randall's ch. p., by Inspector Turmeric.
Tullamore displayed gameness. Just getting up last few yards. Too short for I^othlan.
— _.
SSia Matties on the Sridtrons of jimerica
NEVADANS
DEFEATED BY
STANFORD
Sagebrush Men Were Weak
and Resorted to Trick
Playing.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. 11.—
Stanford defeated the Nevada University
football team on the campus this after
noon m one of the best games ever
seen here. The contest was played
on the grassy sodden field In the oval,
which was covered with patches of stand
ing pools. The Nevada boys equaled the
Stanford men in weight and showed good
team work, but were unable to withstand
the fierce onslaught the Stanford backs
made upon their line.
Burnett at tackle played a brilliant
game, which showed that he is coming
back into his old-time form. The whole
varsity team showed that their slump is
over, and from now on improvement may
In the first half Nevada kicked off to
T McFadden. who ran in five yards.
Murphy punted fifty yards, Rice nailing
the runner in his tracks. Smith and
Fisher made gains through Nevada's
tackles. Stanford lost the ball on an
off side play on Nevada's rive-yard
line. Stanford gained the ball on Ne
vada's forty-live-yard line. Smith made
live TV- through tackle and thirty yards
around end, finally carrying the ball over
the line for a touchdown. Murphy kicked
:> Nevada kicked off to Murphy, who re- !
turned it to Nevada's fifty-flve-yurd line. >
I On a fake buck Hayes stole around the
bunch and under the interference of Brule
evaded Murphy, going down the field
Bixty-five yards for a touchdown. Kreble
failed to kick the goal, the half ending
with the ball in Nevada a territory; Score
|Cto sin favor of Stanford. Nevada
j throughout the half was forced to resort
Ito punting and trick lying, being unable
I to advance the ball either by their heavy
' back formation or by end runs.
Stanford kicked off to Nevada, who wns
forced to punt to Murphy. Stanford lost
; the ball on Nevada's forty-yard line on n
fumble. Stanford gained the ball on
downs and by a series of bucks, but lost
i it on downs on Nevada's ten-yard line.
1 Nevada rallied and bucked through Stan-
I ford's center to their own forty-yard line.
Stanford got the ball on downs and by a
series of bucks by Fisher, Smith and
Burnett carried the ball to Nevada's three
' yard line. Fisher took It through Ne
vada's left tackle for a touchdown.
Murphy failed to kick the goal.
Nevada kicked off to "Pop" ppntley,
Stanford's big tackle, who went through
their interference for forty-five yards.
Fisher made fifteen and Murphy made a
try at a drop goal, but failed. Nevada
punted out to Smith, who ran it in to their
1 thirty-yard line. On the next play Smith
took the ball around Nevada's end for
I another touchdown under De Forest's mi
i terference. Murphy kicked the goal.
I Score IT to 5. Nevada kicked off again,
i McFadden running the ball in for fifteen
I yards. After an interchange of punts the
game closed with the ball in Stanford's
possession.
Scoie 17 to 5 In Stanford's favor. The
men lined up as follows:
N>vada T'n. Position. Stanford.
Leavltt Left End Rice
FerKusaon Left Tackle Rpntley
Carman Left Guard De Forest
Hunter Center Hayden
KcdUe Right Guard Huston
ChisUl Rlßht Tackle Burnett
Riortlan Right End T. McFadden
Burle leapt) Quarter Murphy ('-apt)
Hayes Left Half Smith
Sunderland Rißht Halt Fisher
B. Evans Fullback C. McFadden
D!xon and Lewers— Umpire and referee.
Six-l>ay Riders Booked.
KANSAS CITY. Nov. 11.— The manztge
m»nt of the six-.iay bicycle race booked
f r Convention Hall in this city the week
: N< vemt ;r 20 to-day signed Charles Mii
li r, the six-day champion; John T. Fisher,
the fleet Chicagoan, and three others.
These are in addition io Frank V.
John and Gus Lawson, Oscar Julius. John
Chapman, Bert Leplne and Oscar Plum
mer. most of whom are now training here.
Burlington Raises Wages.
BURLINGTON, lowa, Nov. 11. —The
Burlington has granted an increase of
$10 per month in the wages of switch
men.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1899.
CALIFORNIANS VANQUISH OLYMPICS IN
A SENSATIONAL FOOTBALL GAME
State University 15, Olympics 0.
ajyZ SWEEPING victory for Califor-
II \\ nia was the result of the foot
/ \ ball gai • aft
cJ V> ernoon on th th and Fol-
som street -
during the entire match were the Olym
pics near the scoring point, and not for
a moment did the game lag in interest.
It was easily the best contest of the
season both from the football point of
view and the picturesque variations fur
nished by a field that was beyond corn
paripon.
The twenty-two athletes who made hu
man toboggans of themselves and wal
lowed on a gridiron soft and rich with
oozing mud bi came metamorphosed ob
jects two minutes after the fame began.
Never was any Held In a w rse < inditlon.
Without exaggeration the mud was knee
deep and of that soft consistency which
makes duck? happy philosophers. By way
of swamp variation a few puddles studded
the gridiron, and those served from time
to time as bftthing places for the be
grimed and bespattered athletes. Every
tin:'- the rival teams came together there
was a squirting of a muddy solution
through the open spaces in the pack. Now
and again cakes of earth would fall from
the players, and to eyes dimmed with
lumps of slimy earth it was mistaken for
;^skin. That is why California made
so much ground on the Olympics.
T! c game began with a kick-off by
Kaarsberg. Thirty yards away the fresh
and yellow ball dropped Into the hands of
ErskJi were wet and he
d the pigskin and a California end
fell on it. All the players, seemingly jeal
ous of the blue and gold man's mud bath,
followed suit. After ;hat twenty-two dis
tinct identities were merged and mud was
the name of the composite. Then Cali
fornia started to slide and slip down the
field.
Through the mud the college boys cut
their way, and in a very few minutes of
play Smith I out the first ti
down of the game. No i^a! was kicked.
Mr. Cadwalader kicked off from the
center to Bills, whom no quantity of mud
could stay, and he covered twenty yards
before being slapped in the mire. The
next signal ended in a punt by Kaarsberg,
CARLISLE'S
ELEVEN IS
SHUT OUT
Indians Fail to Score in a
Hard-Fought Game With
Princeton.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Xi;\V YORK, Nov. 11.— The Prlnootnn
football team took the Carlisle Indians
into camp on Manhattan Hold this after
-1 1 in, 1 ut had a difficult time doing it.
Princeton scored two touchdowns, one in
half, and Ihe goals wore successfully
kicked, making the total at the finish 12
to 0 in favor of the Tigers. The result,
while not unlooked for, was a crusher
Just the same for ihe red men. Their vic
tory over Pennsylvania and tlu-ir double
against Harvard warranted a hot
ter showing for the Indians, but, although
beaten, they put up sun-h a formidable
that they proved themselves worthy
of the respect which is paid them in the
football world.
The paid attendance was between 3090
airl 7000, the majority of whom carried
Princeton colors. Fully twice that num
ber witnessed the game from
points cf vantaKe.
At the call of time the teams lined up,
I'riin i !■ n !. • Ing the ball. Wheeler kicked
off to Metoxen, and after lour minutes'
play Knight, right halfback for Prince
ton, skirted Carlisle's right end for a
fortjr-flve-yard run and planted the ball
behind the lino with the assistance of
magnificent Interference. The l>all when
n turned v/as away to the north sli
the KriOiron, making a pnnt-ln necessary.
This wap clone successfully, and Wh
kicked a goal, making the score G to U in
favor of Princeton.
Then Princeton enthusiasm let loor,e
and bedlam reigned for a minute. Some
300 Princeton students in one of tin
Btands sang their university anthem, at
the conclusion of which the cheers broke
out afresh. From thi3 to the end of tne
first half the game was stubbornly con
tested, and the Indians held the Tigers
so closely that Princeton was unable to
pass Carlisle's fifteen-yard line. All the
galus that Princeton made were accom
KAARSBERG OF THE CAUFORNIAS BREAKING LOOSE FOR
A RUN.
I but the Olympics could do nothing with
the ball, and Cadwalader was forced to
punt again. For a month the enthusiasts
! have been looking for Percy Hall to show
I himself in old familiar style. The next
! play satisfied them. He was passed the
; ball and, heavy as the field was, he
, skirted the Olympic left end and dredged
i his way for thirty-five yards before hlx
face was clogged with boggy earth. The
goal line was within range, and five yards
at a slide came the California scoopers.
: Within a step of another touchdown the
I blue and gold fumbled the ball and It
' went to the Olympics, soon to be put out
of danger.
But the touchdown was what California
wanted, and the Olympics were battered
against until their ten-yard line was
: reached. Here they stuck together, and
"Looomotor" Smith failed to puncture the
j line, the ball going to the clubmen.
Again Cadwalader punted, but Kaars
berg -"Peter, the Stanford Eater," as his
sobriquet runs— made the pigskin a part
of himself and didn't stop running until
he had covered twenty-five yards of the
choicest uiiiu that ever adorned a grid-
Iron cr a farm. Not a moment elapsed
before California's team wa.s on foot and
ready for the touchdown that was but a
yard off. A turtle back play through
Eraklne netted the second touchdown of
the game, and the wildly enthusiastic
rooters on the wet but clean grand stand
Bhouted in real football ecstacy. Five
minutes more of oscillating play ended
the first half.
It would have been an Augean labor to
free the twenty-two mud-shedding pig
skin chasers from the swamp fields
FOOTBALL SCORES
OF CHAMPIONS
Stanford 17, Nevada 5.
Yale 42, Pennsylvania College 0.
Harvard 11, Dartmouth 0.
Columbia 16, West Point O.
Wisconsin 23, Illinois 0.
Chicago 76, Northwestern 0.
Princeton 12, Carlisle O.
State University 15, Olympics O.
Pennsylvania 11, Michigan 10.
Denver 12, Haskell 0.
Santa Cruz 10, Salinas 0.
plished around the ends, at which points
the Indians were weakest.
' The second half was productive of nu
merous casualties, several men on both
Hides being forced to retire. Both teams
suffered, but during the intermission none
of the Indians left the Held. A few of
them lay down on blankets, but the ma
jority stood on their feet, while all of
the Princeton players had to resort to
massage treatment in the clubhouse.
When time was called the Indians were
just as frisky as ever, albeit one or two
of them limped slightly. The Tigers lined
up as in the first half, looking none the
worse for wear. Substitute after substi
tute was called upon on both sides owing
to the fierce play In this half.
After a series of end plays the ball was
landed on the Indians' five-yard line.
Hodgman was pushed over for Prince
ton's second touchdown and Mills kicked
the goal, making the score Princeton 12,
Carlisle 0. From this time to the call of
time no further score was made, and
when the whistle blew the ball was on
Carlisle's fifteen-yard line after a kick.
The line-up:
• Princeton. Position. Carlisle.
Palmer & Roper... Left End Rogers
Pell ; Left Tackle Wheelock
Mills & Daniel... Left Guard Redwater
Booth Center Smith
Edwards Right Guard Scott
Hlldebrand lit Tkle.Scholder & Warren
Poe & Lathrop.... Right. Bad ..Sickles & Miller
Huteliinson Quarterback ....Hudson
McCord J.,eft Half.Metoxen& Johns'n
Knight & Kafer...Rlßht Half Seneca
Wheeler Cc&pt) Fullback Pierce (capt)
and Hodfrman. and Metoxen.
Score: Princeton 12. Carlisle 0. Touchdowns
—Knight and Hod^man. Goals from touchdown
— Wheeler and Wills. Time of halves— 2s mm
Harvard 11, Dartmouth O.
CAMBRIDGE. Nov. 11.— Harvard beat
Dartmouth to-day on Soldiers' field by a
packed around them, so the trainers did
nothing between halves but ply the
sponges on their faces.
Calwalader, with a temporarily clean
face, started the last lap by a kick-off
| for thirty yards and Ellis caught the ball,
1 bringing It back to the center. Kaars
; berg then punted for about the same dis
tance and Dinsmore was downed where
!ho stood by the California ends. Once
I more was Percy Hall tried and he did not
I fall. This time It was around the right
i end that he tobogganed and all but car
i ried the ball over the line. The next play
I broke the Olympic line in twain and end
i ed in the third and last .touchdown for
California.
After this the Blue and Gold did every
thing but score. Twice did they block
kicks and Cadwalader's "charley-horse"
thigh forced him to quit the game.
! Everybody on t^ie California team played
i together and they all aid their work.
Beaten but not disheartened the Olym
! pics pulled themselves together on the
five-yard line and when California essay
ed its fourth touchdown a surprise was
' meeted out. The clubmen fought it out
and won the ball on downs. All the play-
Ing in this half was in the Olympic ter
i ritory.
The teams lined up as follows:
California. Positions. Olympics.
Hill L End— R Hamilton
Griesbenr ... Lr-Guanl— R Cadwalader
Clay L— Tackle— R Sheehy
Cornish , Center Munroe
Athern Guard— Flcki rt
Blngle R— Tackle— l, Ersklna
;■ Womble R— End— 1., McLain*
| Ellis Quarter Code
Hull & I,ippiii!irm L— Half— R Dlnsm.ira
Smith R— Half— L. Varney
Kaarob'rg & Moore Fullback Leavy
] Officials : Umpire and referee — C. aud
I Morse. O.
score of 11 to 0. A drenching: ratn fell be
fore and during the game and .he field
was a mass of mud. Harvard played a
wretched game after the first two min
utes. Six Limes did Harvard lose the bal]
to Dartmouth by bad fumbling, without
counting li.c many times it was dropped
and recovered by the quickness of Har
vard's own players.
Hallowoll's punting was good In spite
of slippery ground and poor passing from
center. He continually outpunted I'roc
tor and had none of his kicks blocked.
From every point of view the game was
discouraging. The tackling was careiess
and loose, allowing the Dartmouth hack
to gain often after they should have
downed. Toward the close of the flrst half
Harvard's much-boasted defense did not
Seem to be able to hold Dartmouth for
downs or to force them to punt. Had it
not been for a sudden brace on the 30
--yard line Dartmouth would have scored
ISo scoring v/as done in the second half
although Dartmouth wa« playing a
ragged game. Fliuiiok was utterly nahle
to get. the ball down the field. Once Har
yard rushed the ball up to the 5-yard line
but was neld for downs.
Wisconsin 23, Illinois 0.
MILWAUKEE, Nov. 11.— Wisconsin's
fast eleven defeated the University of Il
linois team this afternoon by a score of
23 to 0. Wisconsin's superior condition
told in the second, half, when most of
the scoring, was done, Curtis and Blair
the Wisconsin tackles, opening holes
through which the : backs tore for gains
of five and ten yards. ,i •■
Illinois showed - unexpected strength on
the defense in the first half, frequently
securing the ball on downs, but was ut
terly unable to do anything: with the Wis
consin forwards, and only onco during ihe
game was the ball advanced the neces
sary five yards. . . v .
One of the features of the game was
O'Dea's kick from the Illinoisl?-yara
line, which probably established a record
The day was perfect for football and a
crowd of at least 6500 witnessed the game.
Yale 42, Pennsylvania Colleg-e 0.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Nov. 11.— In her
final game before the: championship con
test with Harvard, Yale this afternoon
easily defeated the Pennsylvania State
College oleven at football by a score of
42 to 0, thirty nts being scored in the
first half The fastest kind of: football
was played by. the Sons of Eli. -who T car
ried the visitors off their feet time after
time for good gains.
The New Alhambra Theater, Jones
and Eddy streets. Telephone South 770
To-nlpht Eugenic Blair in "A Lady of
Quality."
MICHIGAN
PLAYS FAST
FOOTBALL
Pennsylvania Wins by
Single Point From the
Western Team.
Special Ittspatch to The Call.
PHILADELPHIA. Nov. 11 -In the
fiercest game played on Franklin field
this year the University of Pennsylvania
football team this afternoon defeated the
University of Michigan eleven, 11 to 10.
The game was a battle royal from start
to finish and was marked by brilliant and
poor playing by both teams. Pennsyl
vania earned her victory, because she
had to play harder for her two touch
downs than did Michigan. The Michigan
team made most of its gains on runs
around Pennsylvania's left end, which
was lamentably weak, while Pennsyl
vania had to pain her ground by fierce
plunging through the line.
The game was a beautiful one for the
spectators. Both teams were about as
evenly matched as they could be. The
Quakers excelled in line bucking and
kicking, while Michigan far outplayed
Pennsylvania when it came to skirting
the ends. McLean, Michigan's left half
back, was almost invariably used for end
running. The interferences accorded him
were almost perfect and this in a great
measure helped him in gaining ground.
Pennsylvania showed her old-time form
in line bucking and Michigan was seldom
able to hold the Quakers in their terrible
plunges with the aid of the guardsback.
In the kicking line Coombs had no
trouble in outpointing Street, who did the
kicking for Michigan. The duel between
Cunningham and Overfield, the center
rushes, was interesting. Both are high
class players and they played with a dash
that was inspiring. Cunningham had
much the better of it during the first
half, but in the second period Overfield,
through better staying qualities, made
big holes through Michigan's center.
Both teams fumbled badly and at criti
cal moments. Pennsylvania was the
worse offender and probabiy would have
made another touchdown in the first half
had not one of the men let the ball slip
through his fingers. The Michigan team
was frequently penalized for offside play
ing, in fact, more than any two teams
that have played on Franklin field this
year. The game, however, was a fair
and clean one.
The game ended with the ball In Penn
sylvania's possession on Michigan's
forty-five yard line. The line up:
Pennsylvania. Position. Michigan.
Stehle 'Left Knd Juttne-r-Fv,v<uy
Snover Left Tackle Mac Donald
Hare leapt) Left Guard Sigmund-Bli.ss
Overfield Center Cunningham
Teap Right Guard Franca
Wallace-Outland..R't Tackle Streckle (rapt)
Coombs Right End Snow
Woodier Quarterback Street
Kennedy Left Half McLean
Outland-Gardner. . Right Half Lleblee-Weeks-
Hernateln.
McCracken Fullback M. White
Score: Pennsylvania 11. Michigan 10. Touch
downs—Hare 2. Mcl^an 1, Mac Donald 1. Goals
from touchdowns — Overfield 1. Time of halves —
35 minutes.
ANOTHER THE GAME.
Lick and Lowell High Schools
at It Again.
Unless something happens In the very
near future to either the Lick or Lowell
High School football teams they will go
on forever playing tie games. The third
tie game occcurred after yesterday's mix
up, both teams fighting hard for superior
ity In the thick mud of the Sixteenth and
Folsom gridiron. At the close of the game
the ball was on Lick's fifteen-yard line.
The line-up was as follows:
Lowell. Position. Lick.
Jantzfn Center Percy
Stillman Right Guard Kerr
Boraderl Left Guard Fleck
Craig Right Tackle .....Heltmueller
Middleton Left Tackle Williams
Whaley Right End Morse
Stlnes Left End Edwards
Milton Quarter Forward
Asbill & Moore... Right Half Kern
Vis Burgh Left Half Reading
H' mil t'n&. Wbpfr. Fullback Kelsey
Lafayette 6, Cornell 5.
ITHACA, N. V., Nov. 11.— With a wet
field, with compact offensive play against
a team not yet recovered from the Co
lumbia fame, the Lafayette this after
noon defeated Cornell at Percy field— 6 to
6. Both scores were mads in the first
half, Cornell winning hers after she had
lost the ball on downs on Lafayette's
5-yard line, by blocking a punt and fall
ing on the ball back of the line. Lafay
ette won her score by good, hard buck
ing, in which she used the most compact
plays ever seen in a football game here,
and was assisted by several good end
runs.
Chicago 76, Northwestern 0.
CHICAGO, Nov. 11.— Northwestern Uni
versity was humiliated by Chicago Uni
versity to-day on Marshall field by the
score of 76 to 0. The Chicago team proved
itself very strong and its superior' ty
over Northwestern was not so much the
fault of the latter as it was due .o the
marked improvement of Chicago in heady
work and trick plays.
Santa Cruz 10, Salinas 0.
SANTA CRUZ, Nov. 11.— Despite the
r:iin the Santa Crnz and Salinas High
School teams played football at Dolphin
Park this afternoon. Santa Cruz won by
a score of 10 to 0.
Denver 12, Haskell O.
DENVER, Nov. 11.— The football team
of the Denver Athletic Club to-day de
feated the Indian team from Haskell In
stitute. Lawrence, Kan., by a score of
12 to 0.
Minnesota 5, Beloit 5.
MINNEAPOLIS. Nov. 11.— The Minne
sota and Belolt football elevens had a
close contest this afternoon, the Una!
score being a tie — 5 to 5.
Minor Football Games.
IOWA CITY. Nov. 11— University of
lowa ti. Orlnnell College 0.
TOLEDO, Nov. 11.— Lima 11, Toledo
Yachting. Association 0.
DES MOINES. Nov. 11.— Nebraska Uni
versity 12, Drak--> 0.
I'nI.UMBI'S. Nov. 11.— Ohio State Uni
versity IT, Marietta 0.
OBERLIN, Nov. 11.— Western Reserve
6. Oberlin 0.
KNOXVILLE. Nov. 11.— University of
Tennessee 5, University of Georgia 0.
NASHVILLE, Nov. 11. - Vancierbilt
University 22. BethH College 0.
WASHINGTON. Pa., Nov. 11.—Wash
ington and Jefferson 20, University of
Cincinnati 0.
NEW ORLEANS. Nov. 11.— Rewanee
University 21.. Tulano University 5.
TEKKE HAUTE. Nov. 11.— Hose Poly
technic- 12, Hamlll College 10.
GAMBIER. Ohio. Nov. 11.— Case Hill 11.
Kenyon < 'oilege 0.
BT. LOUIS, Nov. 11 — Wnshinsrton I'ni
versity f>. Wesleyan University of Bloom-
Ington 0.
I'HARr.OTTEVnXE, Va.. Nov. 11.—
University of Virginia 2S. Virginia Poly
technic 0.
KAT.AMAZOO. Nov. 11.— Knlamazoo
College 21, Lake Forest University <5.
TIFFIN Ohio Nov. 11.— Ohio Medical
University 10, Heidelberg University 0.
Young Football Players
The Alerts, a football tram made up of
bdys whose average weight Is eighty
pounds, has been organized with the fol
lowing blayers: Fallback, r^eo Thomas;
right half, Roy McGown; left half, Elmer
Gallagher; quarter, Charles Burrows
(captain); center. James Fi-eny: right
guard William Mead; l^ft guard. August
Hminuhnann: right tackle, Irving Was:,;
left tackle. Frank Wilbur; right end,
Fr.'.l Mack; left end, Edw. Strei.
Of Course Not.
"Have you ever run down a clew?"
askcil the" disgusted citizen.
"Run down a clow!" exclaimed the de
tective. Well, I should think not. "(.'lews
are my best friends. Why should I run
them down?"— Chicago Post.
SPORTS
BARRIER
PREFERRED
TO FLAG
Old Style of Starting Proves
Unsuccessful at the Ben-
nings Track.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 11.— The opi
of the Jockey Club's fall meeting to-day
at Bennings was auspicious, most of the
big stabloa being represented. The crowd
was large, comprising many well known
society people. The card was good, but
the return to the old style of starting
without the barrier was not an unqualified
success. Track good; weather perfect
Results:
Six furlongs— Sidney Lucas won, First Whip
second, Golden Rattle third. Tims, 1:18 2-5.
Five furlongs, two-yaar-old i iaidens — Give
and Take won, Q. E. Wightman second Robert
Metcalf third. Time, 1:03 3-5.
Selling, steeplechase, two miles ar.a a half—
Sibley won, Mr. Stofllel second. Baby Bill third
Time, 6:17.
Fourth race, clx furlongs, selling — Carbuncle
won, Cupidity second. Prosecutor third. Time
1:16.
One mile and a sixteenth, selling— Brisk won.
Queen of Song second, Alvarado II third. Time,
1:50.
CINCINNATI, Nov. UL— The first heat
race over the Queen City course was run
at Newport to-day. Albert Vale, the fa
vorite, won both heats.
Dan Murray, who was assaulted by ex-
Starter "Curly" Brown, was much Im
proved to-day.
Weather rainy; track slow. Results:
Six furlongs — Beguile won, Abe Purst uecond,
Tom Collins third. Time, l:16 ; v
One and a sixteenth miles—Monk Wayman
won. Loyalty second, Friar John third. Time,
1:50.
Two miles— Fatherland won, Kyrat second,
Vlrgie O third. Time, :
Five furlongs, Handicap — Avenstock won, Fo
neda second, Charlie O'Brien third. Time,
1:03%.
Six furlongs: First heat— Albert Vale won,
Nekarnie second. Tension third. Time, 1:16 -j.
Second heat— Albert Vale won, Nekarois sec
ond Louisville Belle third. Time, 1:17.
CHICAGO, Nov. Weather clear; track
good. Results: • . ■
Mile and fifty yards, selllng-'-Little Singer
won. Maurice \V second, Egbart third. Time,
l:47^i.
Seven furlongs, selling— Gor» II won,
Uarda second, Aator third. Time. 1:29 U.
Six furlongs, handicap— May Beach won, Alice
Turner second, O'Connell third. Time. 1:14%.
Mile and twenty yards— Boney Boy won, Mo
roni second. Double Dummy third. Time. l:44Vi.
Five and a half furlongs— Erwin won, Red
Cross II second, Felix Bard third. Time, 1:09%:
Mile and a quarter— Garrett won, Jimp
second, Bert Davis third. Time, 2:21*4.
BIFLEMEN AT THE HANGE.
Many Clubs Preparing for Their An
nual Turkey Shoots at Shell
Mound Park.
There are to be several Important rifle
shooting events on the Shell Mound range
to-day. The San Francisco Schuetzen
Vereln, in addition to its regular • class
medal contests, will have a turkey shoot.-
The iir.st three shots, possible 75 rings, on
the medal string will count for turkeys.
Those making th best scores in the three
will secure me larger birds. The Nord
deutscher Schuetzen Club also hoi a
turkey shoot in connection with its bulls
eye contest for cash prizes. The members
of the Qerxnania Schuetzen Club will like
wise contest for their Christmas dinners,
best scores counting for largest fowls.
In accordance with his custom Captain
L. Siebe, proprietor oi the Shell Mound
range, will give a prize shoot- at the close
of the season on the 26th inst. Ten tur
keys, live pigs and ten geese will be com
peted for by riflemen.
Next Sunday Captain Fred Schueman,
manager or" the California Schuetzen,
range near San Rafael, will give a turkey
shoot as a wind-up of the season, and his
offer is so liberal that every rifleman will
have a chance to secure a bird. The Cali
fornia Schuetzen, Grutll and Eintracht
clubs will hold turkey shoots on the same
day.
In many places in the East for years
past the riflemen have held on election
day what is known as a rifle match for
individual championship, 100 shot 200
yards, off hand. In 1893 In New York Fred
C. Ross made a score of 2194 rings, Ger
man, 25-ring target int. In ISOS-6-7
Ross was again high with 2222, 2225 and
2215. The highest ten-shut string In these
contests was made in 1893 by G. W.
Planted, who made 233 rings.
A number of marksmen of the California
Schuetzen Club met in an individual
championship match at Shell Mound on
election day. The results of the 100-shot
runs in 10-shot strings were as follows:
F. E. Mason, 215, 213, 233, 255, 223, 21S,
226 214 213 219—2209. F. P. Schuster, 2209,
231, 224, 230. 216. -lv 218, 220, 209, 229—2204.
D ' W. McLaughlin, 221, 229, 217, 220, 224,
216, 202, 227, 226, 199— 2181.
F. W. Be.knap and C. M. Henderson
also shot in the match, making 196S and
1991 respectively. A comparison of the
scores of Mason with those previously
submitted shows that in the past six
years the 2209 rings of the Western marks
man were excelled but three times, and
then only by probably one of the best
riflemen in the world. In Mason's 235
rings in ten shots he beat Plaisted, who
previously held the record ten-shot string
in Individual championship matches. In
Tuesday's shoot there was a little sur
prise for Mason and McLaughlin. They
allowed Schuster twenty-five rings in tha
match for a dinner, and he astonished
them by defeating McLaughlin by thir
teen rings and coming within five rirlga
of Mason.
For More Sports See Seventh Page.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Nearly fifty years
of constant and painstaking
endeavor has characterized
the out-put of John Wie-
land's Brewery.
In the beginning as
now there was no better.
To-day it stands the largest,
richest and best equipped
in modern and scientific
apparatus for making a pure,
wholesome beverage for
family use.
WieSands
LaU 4 rd ft v
is the "Pasturized," bottled
product of that high stan-
dard. Quarts, pints, half-pints.
Your grocer or telephone West 144.
California Bottling Co.
1407-17 Eddy St.
RADWATS BEADY UiSLIKF has stoo ,
unrivaled before the public for 50 years as a
Pain Remedy. It Instantly relieves an.l oulckiv
cures all Colds. Sore Throats, Inttuen/.a Brun
rhltiß. Pneumonia, Rheumatlßm, NpuralKia"
Headache. Toothache and all pains. Internally
. tor Malaria and all Bowel Pain3.AU druiiKU-a.i Alamraeda
DAVIE CALLS
HIS PARTNERS
TO ACCOUNT
He Sues Johnson and
Rowland.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
90S Broadway, Nov. 11.
In the cor plaint of a suit filed In the
Superior Court this afternoon John L.
Davis, by his attorneys, Chapman & Cltft.
recites the details of how he was frozen
out of the Davle Freight and Express
line by P. A. Johnson and George L.
Rowland, who are named as defendants,
and With whom he entered Into a co
partnership about July l, 1898. to conduct
a general freighting business between
Oakland, Alameda and San Francisco.
each of the trio to have a one-third un
rilvided Interest In the business and the
protius thereof.
Mr. Davle alleges that about the first of
last month Johnson and Rowland wrong-
I'ully applied some of the money, receipts
and p routs of the copartnership to their
own Individual use arid In excess of the
*hare either of them was entitled to, and
that by reason thereof they have become
indebted to the copartnership and im
peded the business; that ever since Oc
tober 1 defendants have fused to per
mit plaintiff to employ himself about the
business or to share in any or the re
ceipts; and that they have since asserted
that Davie Is not now nor ever was In any
way connected with the copartnership,
even refusing him permission to examine
or Inspect the. boons of the (Inn. The
complaint further recites that on October
1 and ever since the firm has been free
from debts an.i that there la now In the
hands of defendants and belonging to the
firm about JISOU.
On October 14. according to tho com
plaint, defendants, in violation of the
partnership agreement, executed a writ
ten instrument purporting to transfer to
Hugh S. Ditnond all of tho business and
the property of the iirin. eluding the
freight steamer Emma. Dimond is now
in exclusive possession and management
of the sair.e, to the {treat damage of
plaintiff, -who now invoices the court to
dissolve the copartnership and order an
accounting taken of nil the firm's trans
actions; that the port) be sold, the
Jinn's debts to be puiu off. and the sur
plus, if any, divided between plaintiff and
defendants.
Since the opening 1 of hostilities Dav>
hns started a new opposition freight and
express business.
ption to Mrs. Whesler.
Mrs. Wheeler,
■
fornia, was the
en by
■ • i
The
• c of Mrs.
■
: . . ud by the Express.
OAKLAND. Nov. 11.-Ah Wah, a Chi
nese, ajcod 35 years, employed at the
Judson Powder Works, was struck by the
incoming Oregon express at P'leming sta
tion, near Berkeley; to-night, and was in
stantly Wiled. He was walking between
the rails and was not seen by the en
glneer in time for the latter to stop.
* The combined purchas-^ J
ing-power of eight stores — * J
'buying and selling for cash^
f — at money-saving prices,
as what makes Olson's^
always busy. *
Creamery Butter \
F. Received a carlcad _ ._J O^r^
A ■ fresh Iroia E (r j n _ poana £<oq.\
V . ' far scperir-T to any California butter "
A this tira~ of year. It's got the real A
v ' grass fla\x>r. ¥
f Armour's Breakfast Bacon^
4 Mixed, Iran and fat— rtlir .J 11^^
" delicious flavor: pOUIIQ llCf
4 sweet and tender; usual price 15c. d
Evap. Cream 0 j
> Simply pure cow's milk __ _ Ir\ A
V ot best quaiitv— CaillUC^
a ■ evsporoted and thoroughly »
9 ■ sterilized; usually i-c. f
(^Cream of Maize pound sc^
A Recipe book free. Only flaked corn A
v that has not the " life " cooked out ¥
£ of It by steam cooking. A
f Webb's Health Cocoa J
a k pound can llci
An eicelleta*prcparation of arrow- \
6 root and coooa— for the children. *)
Mince Meat pound 10cj>
> Homemade. 7at up with care and \
¥ neatness Save* you the trouble of ¥
. making it. k
iCrystalized Citron i
\ Orangeandkmoß -nOTITId 15c
i peel. The finest P ouuu lul "i
' goods of the- «e«L9Oti.
Fancy Bleached Sultanas J
p (Qean. select, . r»OUllds 25cf
a seedless raisins.) 3 P° UIIUS *i/v\
f Buy them quick. Supply J* limited. 9
(JZanty Currants.. pound 7c^
a) Genwtae imported. You got to hove a)
f them for your mince meat- might as ¥
a well buy no" and save some money. A
acracker SPECIALS: a
?Cocoanut Taftys lb lOcJ
Snaps lb Bc\
\ Graham Crackers lb lOcJ
I Fig Bars lb lOcJ
J Cocoa nut Wafers lb 14cJ
Extra Soda Crackers J
X 10 lb box 30c!
specials: \
0 Delivered from 735 Market St. store only. 0*
j? California Brandy 9
a Pure, old, high- o . Q ll rm <*O KftA
V proot quality gallon $>£. Our
A lor medicin.'l us?. lor the table ■ A
V or cooking. ¥
r Wine gallon 45c^
A Be glad to have you U n f4-1« 90r>7
" try it. Money re- DOttie
A ' funded if not sati^factorj; 1896 Vintage,
A Beech Run Whiskey $
\ Spring i«9*-95 proof. K ttle7sr4
0 Regular 90c. DOttlC < OC»
glee Brandy.. bottle $1,150
x 70 _c%erybody charges $1.50. a)
JTable Claret gallon 25ci
* This wine must be tried to be full \
A appreciated. Our regular price 35c f
iT3S Market St. 6. T. Bhattuck Ay, Porkeley >
PliMOWasbtngton.Oak Central A^ A ™ 9
ii;th <!fe Waahinifton, " :th AWood, Oak A
Fl r> 0" Broadway, '
NEWS
of the Bay Cities
DEADLY WIRES
ABE DISOWNED
BY EVERYBODY
One Victim Asks Aid
of the Mayor.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
Broadway, Nov. 11,
Dangling telephone and telegraph wires
will probably be made the subject of local
legislation as they will certainly be of
local litigation after the serious accident
which befell young Partington and John
Y. Green of the Street Department a
week ago.
Green called on the Mayor this morning,
showed him his badly burned hands and
arms and asked for a reference to the
City Attorney, so that the latter might
bring suit for damages In his behalf
against the company owning the wire
which caused the accident. The Mayor
decided that he would suggest to the
Council the passage of an ordinance
which would prevent a recurrence of such
an accident by imposing heavy penalties
on companies leaving loose wires and un
used wires hanging down so that they
may kill or maim human beings or anl
mais. . .
"I would be frightened to walk across
the top of the City Hall." said the Mayor,
"because of the supposedly dead wires
hanylng around and which are likely at
any moment to become alive."
From Intimations given out by the tele
phone company It Is plain that it intends
to disclaim responsibility for the maiming
'artlngton and Green on the ground
that the wires causing the damape v. -u
not owned by the corporation. The wires
thit burned Partington and Green were
not in use at the time of the accident, and
i across the electric railroad wire at
once became charged with the deadly cur
rent. The telephone com], any v. as notified
vires near the Partington
a i-v. days prior to the accident.
and removed th.-n:. ;md it Is said that em
ployes of Th>-> company also removed the
wires that caused the frightful accident.
One of thos< - ted with the company
lias said that the wires formerly belonged
to some private Individual and wen
the properly of the telephone company,
although they were placed on Its poles.
Within the next two weeks the trial of
tii«- damage suit of young Davoust against
' he di y "i" Alameda and the telephone com
pany will come up in the Superior C
This accident was caused i:i the same
manner as that of Partington and Green,
resulted In the instant killing of
Davoust s w!:V\ ; , he had only
i few months. Upon the
. 11l depend to a -
ire action- Ictims
of last week.
MAY HAVE AN AUDITORIUM.
Board of Regents Will Erect One
Upon the Campus of the Uni-
versity of California.
BERKELEY, Nov. 11 It Is likely that
a temporary auditorium : I nlver
slty of California may -
!
building in which all the students
university could be ;■
been I time. With th<
■ - -
ts attempted to solve the pn
by adding a win# to the present gymna
sium, thus m.iKin.T a hail witl
ipacity of about 2500. Flans for bu<
alteration have already been made
Ity Is so much
not lnclln k ta
vorab ],)-
Com
i oe planning for a large
wooden auditorium to be us< i temporar
tter and more substantial ac
■ secured.
Mining Companies Consolidate.
OAKLAND, Nov. 11.— The Golden Trout
lated with
the Consolidated Golden Trout Mining
Company, under the latter name, v
principal place of business will be Oak
pita] stock !s Btated ai
•" which (400,010 has been actually
•his latrer amount
subscribed by the Golden
Trout Mining Company and $100,010 by the
original < "onpolidated Golden Trout Mm
Ing '"ornpany. The directors ar»> Joseph
I: Watson Jr., John F. Waterhouse, Da
vid Levin, Robert A. Archibald. George
L. F.aton, Samuel Sllleman, F. E. Pierce,
all of Oakland.
Are Licensad to Many.
OAKLAND, Nov. 11.— Marriage licenses
Lrles W. Schunk
its, and Rosalia Maylandt, 26 y<
Of Newman, Stanislaus County,
•'arl A. F. Carlson, 27 years, and Chres-
Olson. ?A yo.ir*. Oakland; George
rs, and Florence Cum
mings, 2" years, San Francisco; Fred
John Svenson, 24 years, and Mollie Coop
er, 21 years. Oakland; I'eter U'adlinger
42 years, and .\ial>. ; l Lillian Peters, 19
Emeryville; Albert J. Orr, .f4 years
and I'harlotte M. Manniny, 31 years, San
Fram. ■
More Saloon-Men Arrested.
BERKELEY Nov. 11. -Four rrmrp Fa
loon keepers of the university town were
arrested this morning on a charge of vio
lating The new prohibition ordinance
Their names are 11. Peters, J J Le
strange. A. W. Hhmben? and Fr^d \V. .
Munanv. The men v.erf taken before Jus- ,
tlce Edgar and rr-l«nso.l on bail amount-
Ing to $2:iO each. Their rases will come
up for arraignment m>xt Tuesday morn- 1
Ing at 10 o'clock. This makes a "total of 1
twenty-two saloon men arrested under the
new ordinance.
The Week of Prayer
BERKELEY. Nov. 11. -The Young
Woman a Christian Association of the
University of California will observe the
coming week aH a week of prayer Meet
ings of the members will be held daily"in
Stiles Hall, between 12:30 and 1 p. m They
wi.l be brought to an end by a lartre class
SUCCESS OF ST.
FRANCIS BAZAAR
Mrs. Cauldervvood's
Debut a Pleasure.
OAKLAND. Nov. This even
ing the League of the Cross
Cadets had charge of the pro
gramme at St. Francis de Sales
Fair, and despite the inclement
weather the attendance was fully up
to the average of the Saturday
evenings generally. One of the fea
tures of the evening was the debut of
the charming Mrs. S. Caulderwood,
who has been studying for the operatic
stage for some years and who kindly
consented to render a couple of solos.
Mrs. Caulderwood's appearance was
greeted with much applause, and her
splendidly modulated voice greatly
pleased the critical audience.'
A lively one-act comedy entitled.
"Popping the Question" was cleverly
rendered by Miss L. McCourtney. Miss
Guichard, Miss E. McElroy, Miss Sarah
Degnan, George Lawson and H.
Guichard. The fair will remain open
next week.
The parish fair of St. Colombo will
open next Wednesday evening, and it
Is expected that Rev. Father Yorke
will make the opening address.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1899.
OAKLAND
MADONNA SHOW
FOR FABIOLA
MRS. JOHN YULE, PRESIDENT OF FABIOLA.
Oak'and Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Nov. 11.
THE Madonna exhibit and tea for
the benefit of Fablola Hospital,
was held ut the residence of
Mrs. Edward M. Herrick on Web-
on, was. in
spite of the rain, a very great
■ ■ . way. A large numl
-.. ... pi »ince the threat
ening ski- - I many from coming
- not ii crush and the pictun a
were enjoyed to the fullest stent by
every one present. There was some
music, u::a light refreshments In the way
' ,— v. ere Berved.
house had been most beautifully ar
ranged for the affair. Each room was
lighted v.ith candelabra and brightened
trysanthemums. The
pictures had been hung to the best ad van
: the direction of Mrs. Herrick
and Mrs. George W. Percy, and were
greatly enjoyed and admired.
The hours of the tea were from 2 to o.
\- the guesta arrive! they wera received
by Mrs. John Yule, president of the Fab
■ lt Hospital Association, assisted by Mrs.
William K. Davis, chairman of the com
mittee of arrangements; Mr?, Premiss
Belby Mrs. Paul Lohse, Mrs. \V. G. Hen
shaw Mrs. K. W. McChesney <>f Ala
meda Mrs. Alien <:. Freeman of Berke
ind the hostess, Mrs. derrick.
Th" exhibit was worth the braving of
the elements t" see. Jt contained a num
ber <j: vtrj valuable canvases, together
with etchings, engravings and photo
grapha of engravings. The first picture
which ni.-t the eyes of the visitors was
that of "Fabiola," the classic maiden,
whose name was selected fur th>> hospital.
The picture, which Is by Mr?. Benfm, one
of the founders of the Institution, was
bung <m a bai kground of cardinal, and
meeting, to be held Sunday afternoon,
November 10, at ..i?.* o'clock.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, Nov. 11.— Mips Agnes
Deane, daughter of the late John D^ane.
died Buddenly last night at her home In
innnt. The deceased was 28 years of
age. The time for the funeral will be an
ed later.
Mr=. John Haderlin of West Berkeley
m:i^' (1 away this afternoon at her resi
dence 1410 Fifth street! The funeral will
b<- held nexi Tuesday morning ;:t 10
o'clock. In St. .Joseph's Church, on Addi
b< v street.
Alameda News Notss.
ALAMKUA. Nov. 11.— The Ministerial
Union lias decided to hold it-.o ur.lon
Thanksgiving service at the First .'on
gregational Church. Rev. Thomas Bald
win, D.D.. pastor of the First Baptist
church, has been selected to deliver ..he
sermon.
The football pame between the Alaine
da High School team and the Yallejn
High School t<^nni that was to have been
played at Vallejo to-day, was declared
off " owing to the wet condition of the
grounds.
The ladies of the First Congregational
Church will give a musicale next
Wfdnesday afternoon at the residence of
Mrs. G. W. Scott, 1723 Central avenue.
Get ahead In the world if you can, but
don't get a head in a saloon.
NEWS
of the Bay Cattes
(Photo by Bu«hnell.)
received the enthusiastic praises of every
A trio of exquisite and rare engrav- !
Inge lent by Fathei McSweeney were
given much attention. There were numer
ous <■.. the "Madonna, and Child"
by famous artists, both living and dead,
and scores of photographs of paintings
secured abroad by their owners. T
photograp endid collection
. not be missed by
those Interest* •! in art, since a similar one
may never l" made again. They show |
the >!'•■■ ■ ceptions of the Madonna
by the most famous masters of history
Whil< ■ . • was being enjoyed
Mrs. Langdon sang the "Aye Maria" most
admirably.
Tea was served by a number of young
ladies, including Mrs. Hammer," the i
Misses Lohse, Miss Everson, Miss Kirk
and Miss Gussie Evans. Miss Lillift i
-. Miss Henrietta Hrown and Miss
Dottle . assisted.
Among those present during the after
noon were: .Mrs. George Wheaton Mrs i
<>. S. Orrick, Mrs. Merrill, Mrs, E lV
Clement. Mrs. E. B. Jerome, Mrs. Standc
ford, Mrs. Watson, Mrs. E. S. Warwick.
Miss Gallaher, Miss Connors, Mrs. War- j
borck, Mrs. Charles Cotton, Mrs George'
Meredith, Miss Mary Verdon, Miss Me- I
Dermott. Mrs. William Hume and Miss
Lottie llume of Berkeley, Mrs Olney
Mrs. John J. Valentine. Mrs. E B Nye ;
Mrs. J. M. Driscoll, Miss Mabel Gray' I
Mrs. E. 15. Sanborn, Mrs. w. c Sharon'
Mrs. T. L. Barker, Miss Simpson, Mrs. :
P. N. Remillard, Mrs. Abrahams, ,n. Mrs
W. H. Creed, Mrs. Benton, Miss May
Benton, Mrs. Horn.
The exhibition is not to end with this I
afternoon. On Monday, from 2 to ,"»
o'clock, and on Tuesday afternoon during
the same hours Mrs. Herrick will throw
her home open in order that those who
were not able to attend to-day may hive
an opportunity of seeing the collection
There will doubtless be many who will
take advantage of the very generous
offer.
QUEER LEGAL TANGLE
GVER NISSEN ESTATE
Question of Whether Husband or Wife
Perished First in a Shipwreck
Undetermined.
OAKLAND. NOV. 11. -A petition for the I
distribution of the estate of Captain Hen
ry Nissen, who with his wife and children
perished in the wreck of the American
bark C. C. Funk off the coasi of Tasmania
In August, 1898, was denied by Superior
Judge Hall Co-day because of the Insuffi
ciency of th" evidence as to whether the
captain or his wife perished first The de
tails of the. case were fully reported In
The Call several months ago.
While the law presumes that where hus
band and wife perish la the same calam
ity, bom being between the ages of 15 and
60 years, the wife succumbs first belnK
d the weaker, an attempt is belnS
to show that the captain was 4u
years of age at the time of his death and
er, a Bist< r of the wife, testified
that the latter was also 40 years of age
The question of whether the captain per
ished first will determine whether his S4iW»
estate shall bo distributed to his six
brothers and sisters, or to Mrs Nissen's '
two sisters.
The latter claim that two survivlnr
sailors testified before the Insurance ad- I
Juster at Melbourne, Australia, who sur- '
veyed the wreck, that after the captain '
bad been swept overboard and drowned '
tlu> wifi> a in! children were .se<-n eline-ine i
to the bark's rigging. To establish^ the :
correctness of Mrs. Nlssen's Ulster's con- I
tentions Judge Hall ordered commissions I
to issue to take the insurance adjuster's
deposition at Melbourne, also the deposi
tion of Mrs. Hnmm and six hi-irs in Perm- '
sylvanla. It has been impossible to locate I
tlio two surviving sailors. Peterson and
Krug. The case will again come up be
fore Judge Hall on December 2S.
NEARLY MURDERED BY
A BOLD HIGHWAYMAN
OAKLAND, Nov. 11.— John Harrington
was nearly murdered to-night by a high
way robber on the San Pablo road. He
went to the Receiving Hospital, and it
required nine stitches to close a fearful
gash on the back of the head and neck
Inflicted by the robber's knit..
Harrington and a friend were driving
Into Oakland :'n>m San Pablo, and when
about one mile outside of West Berkeley
a stranger halted them and asked if they
would take him aboard. They said they
had all their rig would carry, and while
they were talkimr the fellow drew a knife
and quickly made a lunge, at Harrington's
head. Bofore the assailant could make
another attack the horse was lashed up
and the two men did not stop until they
reached the hospital. Harrington is a
painter and lives in West Oakland. He
baa no doubt that his assailant's motive
was robbery.
Degree of Pocahontas.
Porahontas Council of the Degree of
Pocahontas hns completed its arrange
ments for an entertainment and social to
b<? given in Shiels' building on the evening
ot ih" 27th inst. The council at its meet
ins on last Monday received an applica
tion from a paleface.
Berkeley I
KUCK'S LICENSE
MAY ESTABLISH
A NEW RECORD
Some Members Are
Seeking Cover.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Nov. 11.
Next Monday evening there will be one
of the periodical battles royal over the
' granting of a saloon license which oc
i cur about every three months. This time
I the cause of trouble is tho renewal of
| the license of Kuck's saloon on Twelih
street, and although the *oui members
] of the License Committee voted last night
1 to deny Mr. Kucks a renewal there is
much doubt as to whether six "-otes can
be obtained to vote against him on Mon
day night.
The members of the Council v!<--w with
j dread these license squabbles, as it al
ways forces them to "go on record." This
going on record Is never pleasart and on
Monday the lines will have to be drawn
very straight. Messrs. Barstow, Upton,
! (Jirard and Stetson will of course oppose
' this license, and they depend upuii tne
■ votes of Meeße and Rowe or of Cuvel
lier to prevent its renewal. Mr. Mott. 'he
j other member <>f the License Committee.
i has already stated his position, which la
; that so long as Kucka obeys the city or
; dinances n<> will not show any discrimina
j tion as between one saloon-keeper and
another.
Councilman Cuvellier stated la<=t w»o|;
! in meeting that he agreed with the ideas
of Mr. Mott, but since the very powerful
i showing made last night by Rev. Dr.
Coyle, Rev. <". H. Hobart, Rev. C. R.
; Brown and the delegation of ladies, a
! special effort Is to be made to induce
Mr. ''uvilier to change his mind. It is
well known that Messrs. Shaffer, Kramm.
Mott and Taylor pretty well a^ree upon
th>i proposition that so long as the nty
Issues licenses there should be no dis
crimination.
One Councilman makes his defense upon
the fact that when th*» question of clos
ing the saloons was submitted to the peo
ple two years ago genf-ral interest was
shown by th*> large vote polled, a total
of 8835 votes being recorded out of abmit
10,000. On this occasion the question was.
j Shall the Faloons be closed all he time?
: and the result showed that 3732 voters
favored (.he measure, while ."ins voters op
■ poped it. showing a majority of 1371 in
favor of licensing saloons in this city.
This is na id by those, anxious to justify
their conduct in granting licenses to be
a Justification of thf-ir action, provided
thr- Police Department does not make
cnmplaint that an individual saloon .s
not living up to the letter and spirit of
the city ordinances, and it does not ap
pear that this has been done in the case
of Kucks.
WILL CONTEST ELECTION
OF DISTRICT ENGINEERS
AT.AMEDA, Nov. 11.— Frank A. Mess
n(-r, foreman of the Thompson Hose
Company, has filed with the City Clerk
a notice of appeal from the acti, n of the
Hoard of Foremen and Engineers who, on
the evening of October 12, declared tnat
F. K. Millington and A. E. Cumbers were
duly elected assistant engineers of the
lirst .and second lire districts, respect
ively.
In his complaint Messner alleges that
the election of the district engineers was
conducted in an irregular and wholly
illegal manner, and asks that the Eoaid
of City Trustees order another election
in order that it may be properly and
rightly determined as to who are entitled
to the positions of district engineers
Messner claims that previous to the
election in question he, being a duly
elected and qualilied member ot the Board
of Foremen and Engineers, moved that
the "iflces of district engineers Bhould be
declared vacant before their successors
could be chosen and that he was ruled
out of order by the chief, who was cnair
man, and the election was carried out
with technically no vacancies to be iHied.
It Is also alleged that both Millington
and Cumbers were allowed to vote tor
themselves for the posistions >>f assist
ant engineers, while this privilege was
denied both their opponents— George T.
Morris and H. Eckstein. Cumbers, it is
alleged, ;vas not a duly elected and iu«ili
ried foreman of any company in the de
partment and was not then a member of
the Board of Foremen ami Engineers.
Papers setting forth the grounds of con
test have be«n served upon Millington
and Cumbers and a copy of the same
filed with the City Clerk. The matter now
rests with the City Trustees for adjust
ment. The Trustees will probably tfike
away the nower of election of assist ml
engineers from the members of the de
partment and make the office an appoint
ive one, as was done in the matter of The
election cf the Chief of the Fire Depart
ment.
HER SQUABS WERE
SOLD BY A "BARON"
OAKLAND, Nov. 11.— In the suit of
Eliza Scnomberg against C. M. Day.
formerly an Alameda Constable, for the
recovery of the price of several hundred
squabs and pigeons sold by one "Baron"
Baroteau, an ex-Deputy Constable, under
attachment, judgment for 1125 and costs
was given by Judge Ogden to-day in favor
of the fair plaintiff, who gained consid
erable notoriety some months ago when
she caused the arrest of R. Mott, a motor
man, on a charge of assaulting her with
a revolver at the othce of her attorney in
the Blake. & Moffltt building. The present
suit was an appeal from Justice Larue's
court, and the trial occupied several days,
requiring the testimony of numerous pig
eon experts. It appears that in January,
L 897, -Miss Mary Walker sued C. V. Fitch
for a feed bill. An attachment issued and
was levied on 893 pigeons and squabs, and
these wero sold on execution. Later MiftS
Schomberjt sot up a claim of a half In
terest in the pigeons, suing Day for $299,
the value she placed upon the birds.
Amateur Burglars at Work.
OAKLAND. Nov. 11.— C. J. Heeseman's
clothing store, corner of Eleventh street
and Broadway, was entered by burglars
some time last night. Entrance was ef
fected through a rear window, reached
NATURAL GAS FOUND
NEAR ORINDA PARK
BERKELEY. Nov. 11.-Last week The Call published exclusively the
news of the discovery of oil In the region of Orlnda Park, about ten
miles from the university town. At the time the discovery was
looked upon with more than ordinary Interest, seeing that It Po
ised to be the beginning of a venture which offered an opening for any
capita! which might be put into its development. Although fairly sanguine
in their hopes, the men who were putting their capital Into the scneme ex "
pected their return to come altogether from the oil, in which the wens 01
the locality were found to abound.
To-day the news comes from Orinda Park that a still further discovery
has been made. Aside from oil. gypsum and a crude asphaltum. the region
has been found to contain an unexpected supply of natural gas. In just what
quantities it exists, and its adaptability for household consumption, has not
yet been determined. The experts on the ground, however, are said to have
stated that enough is present of sufficient good quality to supply household
illumination for the three cities of Oakland. Alameda and Berkeley.
The American Oil and Refinery Company, which is conducting the ex
cavations for the sake of the oil In the region, look upon the discovery as of
sufficient Importance to Induce them to withdraw all the unsold stock which
was being put on the market for the sake of developing the oil Interest. It
1b rumored that sufficient capital has been advanced from private sources to
enable them to turn toward the natural gas. with a view of ultimately put
ting that commodity upon the market In the cities on this side of the bay.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IaBBBBBBBBaBBBBaBBSBBBBBBBBEaaEBBOSBfIaSaaBS
3
Opium, laudanum or yen she addiction cured. Cured without? pain or suf-
fering. Cured without the slightest injurious effect, and CURED FOR LIFE.
The remedy does the curing by antidoting every atom of the drug In the
system. That cures the habit and all desire for the drug and makes the cure
PERMANENT.
GI YONG YEN,
9
That marvelous Chinese specific is nature's true antidote for the drug
habit. It is the only known antidote In the world. All others are simply
"reduction" cures. They all contain morphine and require from two to three
months. They leave the system loaded with the drug, and sooner or later the
desire for it drives the patient back into his habit.
In Gi Yong Yen we have the only perfect, the ideal, cure.
No. 1 Cures in 3 to 5 Days.
No, 2 Cures in 14 Days.
No. 2 contains the full antidotal properties of the No. 1, and therefore
cures every case of the morphine or opium addiction without the possibility
of failure. The patient may deposit the fee in any responsible hands, and I
will deposit an equal amount with it. In case I fail to cure the habit thor-
oughly, without pain or suffering, harmlessly, with all desire for the drug
completely removed, and In three to five days, the patient will take the
whole amount. No patient Is restrained in any manner, but enjoys his full
liberty. He is not ill or confined to his bed a moment. There is no purging
or other unpleasant symptoms. And the cure is absolute in any and evwy
case, no matter how bad. There is no excuse for any person to continue in a
habit that is destroying both his own and his family's prosperity and happi-
ness. Call or write in confidence. Hours — 10 a. m. to 4 p. m., and 7 to S p. m.
. DR. GEO, W. WILLIAMS,
216 Kearny St., San Francisco, Cal.
from a passageway In the rear of an ad-
Joining produce store. Only a few ties,
handkerchiefs and hats were stolen, and
it la presumed that the intruders wre
scared ••IT before they had time to thor
oughly search the place. The burglars
also attempted to enter Fibush's cigar
store, adjoining Heeseman's, nn Broad
way, for at the rear a window was found
removed and a ladder placod up to the
transom over a rear door. The police re
gard the work as that of amateurs.
ALAMEDA COUNTY
NEWS BREVITIES
OAKLAND, Xov. 11.— Mrs. L. Latimer,
by her attorney, Fred L. Button, to-day
filed suit for a divorce from W. J. Lati
mer, alleging failure to provide as the
ground of her cause of action.
J. B. Lanktree, Edward Everett and E.
H. "Woolsey have appraised the estate of
Elizabeth Metzger, deceased, at $3300, rep
resented chiefly by Alameda and Oakland
realty.
The charge of forgery against Thomas
Hussey, arrested at Alvarado several
days ago, has been changed to grand
larceny. Hussey is accused of calling at
the Postoffice and securing a letter ad
dressed to a sugar beet farmer named
Smith and which contained a check for
|375. He forged an indorsement and tried
to pass the same.
The directors of the King's Daughter?'
Home for Incurables have about decided
to lease the old Keyes' residence at
Eleventh and Oak streets. At a meeting
next Monday afternoon final arrange
ments with the owners of the property
will be made.
It is stated that a manufactory for
steam-pipe coverings is about to be start
ed at Third and Grove streets. J. C.
Baker is at the head of the enterprise
nnd he Is declared to be well experienced
in that line.
BITTER CONTEST OF
THE PRYALS DECIDED
OAKLAND, Xov. 11.— Judge Ogden to
day rendered a decision in the content
over valuable property of Mrs. Mary A.
Pryal In favor of the surviving husband,
A. D. Pryal.
Mrs. Pryal died about three years ago,
having previously deeded all of her prop
erty to her eldest son, William A. Pryal.
The other children sought to have the
deed set aside, alleging it to be held in
trust for all the children, and the hus
band next set up a claim to the property
on the ground that a considerable portion
of the same was a homestead, which
should revert to him, the remainder being
community property. The contest waged
was very bitter, and during its pendency
members of the family have figured in
minor court trials brought about by con
flicts that at times presaged a serious
end.
PLEADS NOT GUILTY
AND DENIES A PRIOR
OAKLAND, Nov. 11.— C. C. Sullivan, the
burglar whose "pal," Bert Wllmore, was
shot In Alameda recently in connection
with the Gott jewelry store burglary, is
I making a desperate legal fight for his lib
erty. He appeared before Judge Hall to
day with his attorney, T. J. Crowley of
San Francisco, to plead to the burglary
charge as well as to the prior conviction
for murrtor in the second degree. His at
torney filed a general demurrer to the in
formation, but it was overruled. Sullivan
then pleaded not guilty and entered a de
nial of the prior. His trial will begin De
; cember 8.
SCORES THE GRAND JURY.
Father Caraher Declares That That
Body Is Making Itself Liable
to Arrest.
Editor of The Call— Dear Sir: My attention
has been directed to a most »urprißlng article
In your Journal of last Friday headed: "Hotel
Nymphla In Favor With the Grand Jury; Be
! lleve It Should Remain Open." As I thought
that the Jury might have bean unintentionally
misrepresented I have waited for a comradic
' tlon of the action and statemerts with which
they have been credited, but as no such contra
' diction haa appeared I now feel constrained to
! deal with the case.
At the outset let me etate that It Is my belief
' that In the history of Grand Juries In thl«
I rei.ub.lla no such conduct Is to be found as
• that which Is attributed to San Francisco' ■
! present body, and that seldom. If ever, has
there been a greater cause fcr a Judge to dis
charge a Jury abruptly and dishonorably. The
j urora are represented as favoring the Nymphla
bi'nth'el and as taking steps to keep it open.
they so grossly ignorant as not to know
that they are sanctioning a cr'me condemned
by the laws of God and of man? Are they
bo devoid of all legal knowledge aa not to
know that thpy are acting In violation of the
i statute of the Legislature whl^h they have
sworn not only to observe but also to preserve
Inviolate? Are they so purblind ss not to see
t lit they are abetting prostitution, which Is
! condemned by the code, and thus making them
selves llabie to arrest for a misdemeanor? Let
them make their fa\ rable report of the
Nymphia. as they ari> alleged to have pr. -
posed, but we will stand them In the dock as
we did the notorious directors of the Twinkling
Htar Company, nnd we will pillory them before
the public as the promoters ar.d Incubators of
shameful and sickening Immoralities.
This Grand Jury has gone far beyond the
j sphere of Its duties. Its duty is to take cog
nizance of the violations of the law a
call the attention of the court to these rio
lations. But instead of discharging their
bounden duty they are abettins and further
■ ing the violation of the law. and th->y are in
! terferlng and tampering with a case that is
1 already in two of our Superior Courts. In the
, name of Justice, of law and of morality I ask:
; the impaneling .Tudpc to take cognizance of
! these men and to render them puwtrless for
! evil.
The Jurors are represented as having unani
mously declared that the revolting Nymphia is
"a necessary evil." They might as" well de
clare that burglary, garroting and murder are
necessary evil? and the law makes no distinc
tion between these crimes and those committed
in the Nymphia, except In degree. Prostitu
tion is> condemned by a section of the code, it
! hap been condemned by the decisions of the
, Supreme Court, and as a consequence no con
| tract made with the managers and inmates of
houses of ill-fame, as such, is valid. If the
I Nymphia be necessary, how have New York
i Boston and th" cities and towns of this repub
lic existed without similar cesspools? Chief of
: Police Byrne of New York was hurled from
office a few years ago, because he was said to
wink at the existence of the ordinary houses of
ill fame, and the Chief of the Detective Depart
ment of a certain Eastern city, who visited
; San Franr-isco lately, exclaimed in amazement
: when he saw the Nymphia: "Is It possible that
; Sa-n Francisco can tolerate and stand for such
a place?"
f According to the press report the Jurors are
] to Invite a number of business men and liberal
■ clergy to 00-oj.prate with them" In their fath
| erly care for the Nymphia. The fetid den has
i been already unanimously condemned In court
I by a Jury of upright business men who brought
■ in a verdict of guilty against its directors; It
. has been declared a nuisance by the Board or
I Supervisors -md it has been denounced by every
pure and moral man and woman In Sari Fran
cisco.
"The liberal clergy will be Invited to co-op
erate!" Degraded and vitiated, indeed, must
be the clergyman that would approve of the re
volting Nymphia. A loud cry of indignation
has been raised against it by the clergymen of
every cr»>efi and color in this section of the city
and a louder and bma.ler cry would have been
raised had it not been generally believed that
the sickening den were sooner to b;> closed
But the jurors will reccommend "that the
i city levy a tax on th» Nymphia's business and
Insist upon the resort being conducted under
; rules framed by the authorities." That Is, they
; will reccommend the legalizing and licensing < '*
crime and will court impea^hm.-nt. "U'e will
calmly and fearlessly await their action.
And now, Mr. Editor, let me re-state some
. of my reasons and those of my brother clergy-
I men of all denominations for the crusade
j against the Nymphia. Firstly, this abomina
, tinn exists In violation of the laws of God and
of the State, It Is a disgTace to civilization and
in its eigantic form is mining morality In this
city. Had it not been checked in its Infancy
t would be now treble its present size for S
P. Blumenberg declared when selling stock that
: he Intended to pack In this vicinity all the
fallen women f Pan Francisco. To deceive th«?
public the loathsome resort has r<?*n called a
"hotel," an<i on the business cards that are
freely distributed, beside the words "Nymphia
Hotel, ' is a red cross on the left upper corner,
showing that the managers have stolen the
livery of heaven to serve the devil in! I say
that the unwary and Innocent will be deceived
and entrapped by this lying card and led Into
ruin.
Secondly, the Nymphia Is situated at the
Junction of the two principal thoroughfares of
this section of the city, and Its hideousness
nnd rottenness must be encountered by the In
habitants who 'ravel from north to south or
east to west. o r vice versa. It is passed morn-
Ing and evening by th» little children attending
ihe Day Home on Powell street, by our hoys
and girls who attend the day nnd night I
and children of tender years are allowed to
enter it and gaie upon Its ghastly horrors
Thirdly, a." foreseen, this neighborhood has
become uninhabitable for pure, decent men ar.d
wnmen by reason of the Nymphia It has be
come the rendezvous of hundreds of drur.kt n
and lecherous soldiers and sailers, who are
attracted to the Nymphia as turkey buzzards
to a carcass.
Finally. Mr. Krtitor, I have no doubt about
the near and permanent closing of the Nymphia
Morality, religion, decency and self-respect are
too strong In th<* community to permit mufti
longer its existence, the present and incoming
officials regard it with horror and the corrupt
power that has kept it so long open will ->oon
disappear and dissolve. T CARAHER.
November 11. IS9O.
A Big 1 MorteaEre.
The Pacific Coast Biscuit Company,
which was recently taken Into the biff
trust formed In New Jersey, yesterday
filed a chattel mortgage in the Recorder's
office for $1,500,000. The instrument was
made In favor of the Produce Exchange
Trust Company of Xew York, and was
given to secure a bond Issue of the
amount named In the document. A large
amount of the money realized from the
Issue will be expended In extensive im
provements on the local plant at 507 Bat
tery street.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREE TO MEN
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
Is a home treatment and all men who
suffer with any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where it is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the nat-
ural functions and has been an absolute
success in all cases. A request to the
State Medical Institute, 328 Elektron
building. Ft. Wayne, Ind., stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with promptly. The
Institute is desirous of reaching that
great class of men who are unaole to
leave home to be treated, and the free
sample will enable them to see how easy
it is to be cured of sexual weakness when
the proper remedies are employed. The
Institute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed in a plain package, so
that its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
reauested to write wtlhout delay.
1314
c=if=3HE samovars are being polished up
THE samovars an being polished up
of tea tl at are to
jl float the debutantes into society are
** bang prepared, for unless a large
ball bo the medium teas are the most con
venient way of presenting one's daughter
to one's friend, thus taking In all tie cir
cle of one's acquaintance. Later young
people's dances can be given without of
fending the elders who are not invited.
There wire several teas given last week,
among those on Saturday, whichlntro
duced Miss Bessie Huntington and Miss
Mamie Josselyn.
Mr. and Mrs. Edgar F. Preston gave a
most enjoyable dinner on Thursday even
ing last In the main parlor of the second
floor of the Palace Hotel. The dinner was
given In honor of their second daughter,
Miss Edith Preston; who is one of this
season's buds. The table was prettily dec
orated with autumn vines and roses, and
the dinner was followed by a dance.
Those at tablu were: Mr. and Mrs. Edgar
I 1 Preston. Miss Preston, Miss Edith
Preston; M& Ullie Spreckels, Miss .Den
man; Miss Margaret* Cole, Miss >ad«a
ader Bliss Therese Morgan, Miss Ruth
McNutt, Miss Olive Holbrook, Miss Mary
Josselyn Miss Florence Josselyn, Miss
Elizabeth auks, Miss Helen Thomas, ->Hss
Hush; -Miss Florence Hush, -Miss Hamil
ton Adolph Spreckels, James Reid,
George Cauwalauor, ixr-riram Caiiwalader,
frame King. Maxwell McNutt; Horace v.
Flatt. Howard V. Veeder, E. M. W"e,fn
way, Bruce Cornwall, Clarence i-oiis,
A\ l.liam Denman, Harry Poett, Walter
Magee and George Martin.
. Ail society is louking ward to the
doll show, which opens in Maple Mali next
Friday, and of which great things are
promised and anticipated. It is m iae
ji::jids of the Doctor s Daughters, one of
the nu.st efficient as well as .agger "do
good" organizations In the city. The
Doctor's Daughters' doll show has cunie
la bo regarded as the stellar chanty event
of the social season; and this years prom
ises to break the record In the number,
variety and quality of the dolls exhibited.
Everybody will go. The show opens on
Friday morning at lv o'clock, and will
close on Saturday night with an auction
tale (conducted by a inipular clubman) of
til the dolls left over. The ills will he
judged the uay before the opening, so that
all may know the prize winners, Mrs.
Daniel T. Murphy has contributed a beau
tiful mechanical toy, a ballet dancer, that
will be Oil exhibition to delight the chil
dren. It Will be raffled.; The artists of
the Bohejnian Club have done some imp
tuous posters, which will be fold Satur
day night. The admission will be only 50
cents, in ordc-r to give everybody a chance
to attend, and there will be orchestral
music day and night. The patronesses
who have offered $£J for the best model
doll in each class are Mrs. J. D. Sprei kels,
Mrs. W. H. Crocker, Mrs. Ira Pierce, Mrs.
M. H. de Young. Mrs, William Irwin, Mrs.
Charles Alexander of New York; Mrs. Jo
sc-ph Sa.il.ic Tobin, Mrs. Eleanor Martin,
Mrs. Henry J. Crocker, Mrs. George
Crocker, Miss Kathryn Dillon and Mrs.
William' Kohl.
Another affair similar in nature to the
exhibition of lace and needle work held
at the Palace last week will be the recep
tion and sale to be given by the ladies
of St. Luke's Church, to be known as
'•The Twenty Minutes Circle." In the Sun
day school rooms of the new church on
Saturday, December .'. afternoon and
evening. There will be vocal and instru
mental mi. and other attractions dur
ing the evening.
The Century Club rooms were en fete
on Monday last, the occasion being a re
ception given by the ladies to President
and. Mrs. B. I.; Wheeler, President ar.d
Mrs. John Gilman ar.d President and Mrs.
David: Starr Jordan. The guests who
quite filled the largo hall, were received
by the president of the club. Mrs. Frank
Symmes, assisted by Mesdames J. F.
Swift. F. G. Sanborn, A. G. Morrison, A.
S. Halladie and Miss Anna Beaver. The
rooms were all prettily dressed with fo
liage and chrysanthemums; and delicious
refreshments were served.
They're Eogoged.
Mr. and Mrs. Thi mas J. Colbert an
l hter,
I k '.V.
!. William
■•■ t of
• to . ;^; Ros< ndorn.
Mr. and Mrs. J. ] >. Duke announce the
• i Al
b< rt I 3h. Miss Duke
will take |
BS
Mr md Mi . nnounce thi
ighter Eva to Albert
It'y.
The ■ ! [ U g |
■
•.f the lat<
They will inday afternoon, No
-2 to 5 at I ■ Mi s. Leon
tt street.
Mr. and Mrs. Abrams announce the en
■ment of their r Flora to
ph At tell. They will receive their
Jfc FROM GRAY
|ff% TO ORIGINAL
t) COLOR IN
$r 2^ roijß days *
MRS. HARRISON'S
4-DAY HAIR RESTORER
CA modern triumph In chemistry.)
Not a dye, but :t natural restorer that In four
days will restore gTay or faded hair to the
natural color of youth and preserve the color
permaiiently. Leaves the hair fine and glossy,
ci*an And free from ■ tlcklneaa and sediment'
Kaslly applied and positive In Us action.
Price $1. For Sale by AH Druggists.
GOOD-BY WRINKLES
Thn't mar your face and ronke you look old
They d!:>aiipear. and In their place comes the
smooth, siift fikln of youth, with good color and
healthy condition, by using
LOLA MONTEZ CREME,
The jxrat tIMUC builder and skin food, it
nourishes and builds up the Impoverished tis-
sues- naturally. 75c a Jar.
ALL DRUGGISTS.
TDIAI Ladles out of city sending this ad.
I hJAL with 10c in stamps, will receive a
book at Instructions and a box of
BOX LOLVMQNTEZ CREME
•' AND FACE POWDER TREE.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR L e vVT n f y tlr th c
(.r.lv means ever discovered— -tba Electric Needle
as operated by MRS. HARRISON.
MRS. NETTiT HARRISON,
DERMATOLOGIST,
40-42 Geary Street, San Francisco.
SOCIETY
friends on Sunday, December 3, at their ;
residence, 1520 Devlsadero street.
The announcement of the engagement ;
of Miss Viola Bell to Charles T. Roach '
will be received pleasantly by their many '
friends The wedding will take place in . '
the near future and ft goes without say
ing It will be a brilliant function. In the j '■
meantime the young couple are the re-" '
cipients of hearty congratulations. '
i\lr. and Mrs. Philip N. Aronson an
nounce the engagement of their daughter,
Mabel Glenn, to Herman N. Butler of
New York.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Schnitzer announce the
engagement reception of the4r daughter !
Sarah to Louis Friedman to-day between i
the hours of 2 and 5 p. m.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Caddy Brennan, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
J. C. Brennan, to George F. Heuer, son '
of Mrs. and the late Philip Heuer. The
wedding will take place on Wednesday
evening, November 22. ;
WsddiQg Bells.
Mrs. Ina McLean and Mr. Joseph! were
recently married at Grace Church, the
Rev. Dr. MeLyons officiating. The bride i
wore an imported gown of pale gray, and
was unattended. The church was simply !
and prettily decorated, and was comfort
ably filled with the many friends of the
bride and groom.
A quiet wedding took place at St. Rose's
Church, Santa "Rosa, on Saturday, No
vember 4. when Marie, eldest daughter of i
Mrs. James Carvey, was united in mar- j
[ riage to James Carroll, only son of Pat
rick Carroll, Father Mackej of Tomales
officiating. Miss Mattle Carvey acted as
bridesmaid and John Carvey as best i
man. After the ceremony the newly
wedded couple took the train for the
southern part of the State, and on their
return will reside at Bloomfleld, where
both are well and favorably known.
The marriage of Miss Kate Thornton ■
Salisbury to Alexander D. Keyes took
place on Tuesday afternoon, November 7.
at 4:30 o'clock, at the home of the bride,
it. i California street. The bride is the j
eldest daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Monroe i
Salisbury, and Mr. Keyrs is the son of |
the late • era] Keyes. Mr. Keyes is an
attorney in this city and a member of the
University Club, and both he and his j
bride are well known in society. The wed
ding was a very quiet affair, only mem
bers of the Salisbury, Thornton, Critten
den; Robinson, Cresswell, Keyes and
Loughborougb families and a few inti- :
mate friends being present. The cere- j
mony was performed by the Rev. Father
Prendergast of St. Mary's Cathedral, and
In the absence of her father the bride i
was given into the groom's keeping by !
her uncle, Cornelius Robinson. The maid
of honor was the bride's Sister, Miss Mar
garet Salisbury, and the bridesmaids were
Miss Olive Holbrook, Miss Josephine
Loughborough; Miss Frances Baldwin
and Miss Azalea Keyes. Wlnfield Scott
Keyes officiated as best man. After a
wedding repast Mr. and Mrs. Keyes left
for the south. On their return they will
reside on Devisadero street, near Pacific
avenue.
The marriage of Miss Lizzie Miller of I
Fruitvale to Gus Muller of this city was
solemnized at the residence of the bride's
mother, Mr.;. A. E. Miller, of Bay avenue,
Fruitvale, on Wednesday, October 25, In j
the presence of the families of the con
tracting parties and a few Intimate
friends. The residence was beauti- i
fully orated and the dining hall pre
sented a most attractive appearance. The I
bride was attended by her mother and
sisters and Fred Muller. The groom was
attended by his father and brother, Fred •
Muller. The ceremony was Impressively
performed by the Rev. Dr. Theiss of Oak
land. After the ceremony a bounteous
repast was served in the dining hall, after
which dancing, singing and games were j
Indulged in to a late hour. Mr. and Mrs.
Muller left for parts known only to them
selves. On their return they will reside
on Mirror avenue, Fruitvale, where they
will be pleased to see their friends. A
number of congratulatory dispatches were
received from the East, and also a large '
number of elegant and costly presents.
The guests were: Mrs. A. E. Moller,
Mr. and Mrs. J. Moller, Mr. and Mrs. C.
Bantel. Mr. and Mrs. George Muller, Mr.
and Mrs. Gus Muller, Mr. and Mrs. A.
Johnson, Mr. and Mrs. M. Zuem, Mr. and I
Mrs. W. Anderson, Mr. and Mrs. C. Kies
ter of San Mateo, Mr. and Mrs. Daniels
of titvale, Mr. and Mrs. Gasman of :
San Rafael, Mr. and Mrs. M. Gibson, W. '
Schech of Milwaukee, Mr. and Mrs. Ci •>"
er, Mr. and Mrs. C. Key.ser, Mrs. Mat
thews, Mr. and Mrs. Christenson, Mrs. I
Sachau, Mr. and Mrs. Pramme, Mrs. ;
Wise, Mrs. Frederich, Mrs. Cook, Mrs. 1 '
A. Holmes, Miss Emily Miller. Miss Julia
Miller, Miss Lena Bantel, Miss Libby •
Muller, Miss Emma Petersen, Miss Flos
sie Chrlstenson, Miss Annie Petersen, I '
Mis.-- Annie Saul Miss Rosie Zuern, Miss j
Hattie Pllster, Miss Hattie Huber, Miss
Amelia Wise, Miss Pearl Andersen, Miss i ,
Lilly Hayquist. Miss Eda Zuern, L. Han- '
selman. F. Miller. C. Barthold, F. Muller,
L. Abrahm. E. Schudel, A. Jacobson, L. | '
Schwartz, A. Andersen, A. Biser, M. Gib- j ',
son. L. Andersen, F. Zuern, G. Bantel, | '
C. Bantel, H. Christenson, T. Pilster, A. '
Zuern, M. Frater and L. Vandergrlft.
A very pretty wedding took place at
the home of the bride's mother, Mrs. Me- '
Lellan, last Thursday evening, November i \
2. The happy couple were Samson M. ,
Crow and Miss Marinda Blake, both of ' ',
this city. I ■
On Thursday, November 9, Ferdinand ! "
Iloltum, proprietor of he Johannisburg
vineyard and wino vaults, was united in ;
wedlock to Mrs. Elizabeth Kunst. Mr. :
Hokum's residence in South Berkeley was ■ :
elegantly decked for the occasion. The :
marriage ceremony was performed in San
Francisco by Rev. Julius Fuendellngv pas
tor of the German Evangelical Lutheran :
Church, and subsequently the invited '
guests took the ferry train to Berkeley,
where they were hospitably entertained
by the groom, who is only 42 years
of age, and who, by the way. was asso- ,
elated in South Africa with Barney Bar- •
nato, now deceased, but then "king of '
the Kaffirs," and owner of most of the
diamond mines In that region. The fol- ! ■
lowing were among the guests present: <
Mr. and Mrs. M. T. Moses, Mrs. Sophie
Li' kham, Mr. and Mrs. Groezlnger San
Francisco; Mr. and Mrs. Schleman, An
gels Camp; C. J. Troulsen, San Francisco;
Ferdinand Hokum Jr., Christian Holtum,
Marie Kunst-Holtum, Laura Holtum, •
nora Holtum.
Franklin James Hunt and Miss Rose
Livingston will he married on Wednes
day, November 15, at the homo of the
bride's parents.
Invitations have been Issued by Mr and
•Mr:, I. Baron for the wedding of their
daughter Florence to Louis Baron of New
York on Thursday, November 16.
On Saturday, November IS, Mrs. R. L,
W. Davis will give an evening at home at
the Davis residence, Palo Alto, Cat A
number of the Stanford University stu
dents and friends from this city will bo
present. The event is In honor of the
marriage of her elder son, Arthur E Da
vis, to Mlps Edith Clement of San Jose.
The wedding took place on the 18th of last
month at Arroyo Grande, the home of the
bride's aunt Mrs. A. C. Whlttemore. The
bride Is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs C
H. Clement of Ban Jose. Th( groom is a
so-, of Dr. George B. Davis of this city.
Ihe happy pair will take up their abode
In Durango. Mexico, where young Mr Da
vis is superintendent of his father's mine
Home Gathjerirg-,.
A delightful Halloween p;>rty was
::.si Tuesday cvi nil g at the resi
"f Mlsa Nettl !: ;».-nn and Miss
Alice r>pln. tZI McAllister street by Miss
Lulu Marston and Miss Anita Farmer
S waa spont in music, danoinp
! of gam< s. Supper was served
i midnight. Tnose present
Ray Farmer, Miss Elsie Tillson M»ss
Phillips, Miss Nellie Doty ' Miss
' ■ Anita Farmer M i
Nettie Repcnn, Miss Alice J'epin Mr. and
Mrs. . Mr. Brenner, .Mr. ; i
'' r Mac< .! r. Wiener Mr
Mr. O'Nell. .Mr. Cogglns, .\lr.".Mar
tin, Mr. Parks, Mr. Leheman and Mr
fins.
A reception was Riven cm Wednesday
evening, tho Mh hist., at the Berkshire
ill .J ::".s street, to Howard Malcolm Tlck
nor of Boston. The hostesses w.-re tho
c Coast Woman's Press club ai d
Mrs. Treusdell, projirletor of the Berk-
The chairman of ;be reception
was Mrs. John h. Jewett Vn
■ v able management tho occasion
pleasure to all present. The i im
mittee w:is assisted In receiving by Mrs
W. JI Mills; Mr,. Lovelf VhJtl;
Mrs. V\ . B. Carr and (/ther riub
ladies. ' >rchestral music was furnished
by tiie Fuhrer Family S:rinK Orches
tra. Vocal selections were rendered
■pupil-, nf Mr-. Marrlner-
Julia Doane
Ciara Heyman, Miss Isabella Van
Lccompanied by Miss Meameta Van
Pelt ajjd Miaa Julia Tiiarp. Choice num
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1899.
bers were also given by the Occidental
Quartet. The programme closed with
readings by Mr. Ticicnor and hi? former
pupil, MissJ. M. Long, to whose exertions
we owe the presence of Mr. Ticknor on
this coast.
The members of the hall committee of
the I. O. U. P. Golden Jubilee reception
committee were Invited to a reunion
which took place at the residence of Mrs.
E. M. North and Mrs. Bessie McDonald,
2*14 Pacific avenue, on last Wednesday
night. The affair was a most sociable
and enjoyable one. A choice programme
of songs, music and recitations, inter
spersed with dancing and various social
games, lent a pleasing variety to the oc
caslon. The president of the general re
ception committee, \v. A. S. Nicholson,
was the surprised and happy recipient of
a handsome testimonial of the esteem en
tertained for him by the other members
of the committee, which was tendered
to him in a neat presentation speech by
J. J. Applegate, secretary of the recep
tion committee, and feelingly, responded
Id by the recipient. At the banquet tauie,
which was sumptuously spread, M. M.
Neumann, M. D., was toastmaster, and
various toasts were offered and responded
to in a happy manner by Mrs. E. M.
North, Mrs. Mary McLane, Miss Gertrude
Wlmmer, Miss Rena J. Crawford and
others. It was decided to continue the
organization and hold annual reunions.
W. A. S. Nicholson was elected president.
J. J. Applegate secretary and Miss Gert- j
rude \\ immer treasurer. At a reasonable
hour the delightful exercises closed by a ;
brief and witty address by M. M. Neu
mann, M. D., chairman of the ball com
mittee.
Those present were: Mrs. E. M. North.
Mrs. Bessie McDonald, Mrs. Mary Mc-
Lane. Mrs. 11. C. Edwards, Miss Florence
E. Walcom, Miss Rena J. Crawford, Miss
Gertrude Wimmer, .Mrs. W. A. S. Nich
olson: Messrs. \Y. A. S. Nicholson, M.
M. Neumann, M. D. ; J. J. Applegate, J.
L. Regensburger, H. W. Fabian, O. M.
Colburn. Fred H. Siebe, J. Coplin Stln- j
son M. I).; E. Dryselius and 11. M. D. •
Meyer. I
On Thursday, the 9th. Mrs. James S. j
! Withered of Paclne avenue gave the nrst j
of a series of luncheons, covers being laid
for twelve.
A grand surprise party was given to
Alex W. Lippi on the anniversary of his
nineteenth birthday at the residence of
his mother, 3863 Twenty-third street, on
October 14. Those present were: Mrs.
Antonio Lippi. Mr. and Mrs. Taylor, Mrs.
D. H. Birdsall, Mrs. Jennie Lippi. the
Misses Jennie, Erna and Hilda Lippi;
Miss Laura Moser, Miss May Dexter, the
Misses Zenie, Victoria and Josie Fernan- !
d.z; Miss Mabel Sprung, Miss Eda Shuts, i
Miss Nellie Taylor, Miss Anna Reichart, I
Chace and Joe Lippi, Samuel, Edward. '
Richard and William Taylor; Alfonso and
Edward Fernandez, Harry Jnskipp, J. |
Leone, Charles Zendele, J. Zendele, S.
Clemens, 11. Elsworth, L. Scalione, \Y.
Shine ami G. Brooks.
Mrs. Charles Webb Howard's residence
on Alice street, Oakland, was the scene
of a charming gathering last Wednesday
evening, the occasion being a banquet and
musicale to a small party of friends. The
hours passed away delightfully, the ban
, . • fantly served and followed
:by many musical numbers. Among the
tions were vocal solos by Mrs. F. S.
Stratton and original productions by v.
Shafter Howard. Those present
Senator and Mrs. F. S. Stratton, Con
gressman and Mrs. V. H. Metea.lf, Mr.
and Mrs. W. <:. Henshaw, Mr. and Mrs.
O. Shafter Howard, Mr. and Mrs.. L. H.
de Friese, and the hostess, Mrs. Charles
Webb Howard.
Mrs. J. C. Stubbs received a large num
ber of her friend- at a tea which she gave
at her home, 2519 Pacific avenue, on Sat
urdaj :.. November 11, from 3 un
til 6 o'clock. H was to Introduce to so
>i( ty her daughter, Miss Edith Stubbs,
and in the e\. ning a dinner was given
In the debutante's honor. Dinner was
served at 7:30, and rovers were laid for
forty, the guests being: Miss ii'<4| Ba
ker, Miss Margaret Collier. Miss jSthel
r. Miss Katherlne Dillon, Miss
Field, Mi-s Elizabeth Hunting
ton, Miss Jeannette Hooper, Miss Mary
Josselyn, Miss Stella Kane. Miss li. i
Kline, Mi.-s Ruth McNutt. Miss Alma Mc-
Clung, Miss Elizabeth Mills, Miss Edith
Preston, Miss Margaret Salisbury, the
Misses Stubbs, Miss Helen Thomas, Miss
Voorhtes, Miss Lillian Wo ds, U. . -
: Armsby, Thomas Bishop, John Car
rigan, Alexander Center, Aylett Cotton,
Mr. Earle, Rol i■• F :■ r, Ralston Hamil
ton, Frank King. Percy King, Joseph
King. A. Lewis, William McLean, Horace
Platt, Hoy Tike. William Smith. Chester
Smith, Ellery Stowell, Walter Scott, Mr.
Van Fleet and Howard Veeder.
A very pleasant surprise party was ten
dered to Miss Freda Neilsen at her resi
dence, SH) Hampshire street, November i.
The evening was spent in dancing, garni a
r.n.l intisic. At 11 ..'clock the guests pro
ceeded to the dining room, where an •
i rat< supper awaited them. Dancing was
resumed until an early hour, when the
young folks bade Miss Neilsen many hap
turns of the day and said good night.
Those present were: Mrs. Neilson, .Mr.
and Mrs. Shannon. Mr. and Mrs. Audi
bcrt. Miss Hattie Akmann, Fred Neilson,
Martha Lehman, William Akmann, Dora
Strel, Ernest Kemp, Lizzie Sammann,
Jack Gerlach, Bessie Neilsen, Gusle
Audibert, May Carl, Andrew Carl, Anna
Haver, Adam Spohn, Gertrude Curran,
George Amadec, Lulu Honifield, Fred
Bonifleld, Teresa Bonifield, Jack Kane.
Lillian Traynor, Louis Anderson, Mblna
k, }'.. J. Holle, Frieda Mahler, P
Sammann, F. }]. Cranburn.
The opening hop of the season was
given at the Hotel Lenox on Monday
evening, November 6. It was a full dress
affair and was much enjoyed by all pres
ent.
A farewell party was given at the resi
dence of Mrs. 1». Brady, 233 Golden (wire
avenue, on the :-!ls;t ult. to Sergeant <"iem
J. Deney and Corporal Guy R. Payne of
Company <', Flit y-!lrst lowa, previous
to their departure for the East. Aj
present were: Mr. and Mra D
Brady, Mr. and Mrs. C. Dittman, Mrs. M.
Bates, the Misses Clarey, H. Jones, li
Hurley, l. Dittman, L. Kavanagh N
Brady, I* Smith. Mrs. D. Fulton, C J
Dewey, G. R. Payne. J. V. Brady, W. i
Doyle, G. Ingert, L. Bearwald, J. Rvan !
W. P.at^s. C. E. Cox, W. H. Overton, T.
Fay, J. Callnhan, C. Carrera. Lieutenant
Brlggs, S. S. I'urdy, Mr. Main, V. F
Dittman Jr.
Club Parties.
The members of the Fortnightly Whist
Club were delightfully entertained at the
borne of Miss Edith Maxwell last evening.
The first priz< a were won by Miss Eleanor
Meyer and Frederick Meusdorfer. The
decorations of the rooms were most ar
tistic, and after ?=i ij>j'*-r the rest of the
evening was most enjoyably spent with
music and dancing. The members present
were: Miss Lillian L-übben. Miss Eleanor
Meyer, M^s Gertrude ProU, Miss Carrio
Ernst, IClsa -Natalie Scharowsky, Misa
B Meyer, Mr. and Mrs. IJroderson,
Mir- Edith Maxwell, William Klumpp,
Dr. A. T. Derby, Walter A. Hofman,
Fred< rick Meusdorfer, William Maxwell,
Hr. William Burttend, Maxwell Healy and
John Rose.
The monthly meeting and entertainment
of the California Camera Club will be
held in the club rooms In the Academy of
Sciences building on Tuesday evening.
A large gathering of members wit
nessed the first entertainment of the Cal
r. Club given on Halloween eve as a
birthday surprise to Miss Eva Stoermer.
After numerous pongs and cakewalks an
adjournment was made to the banquet
hall, where supper was served, lollowed
.. usual Halloween games. Dancing
was Indulged in at the clubrooma till an
early hour in tlio morning.
The First Friday Cotillon opened its
second season of two dances with an as
sembly and german in Assembly Hull,
Red Mon'n building, November 3. There
were over tlirty Beautifully gowned la
dies present and nearly as many gentle
nun, who, after more than an hour of
general "lancing, adjourned In company
with the chaperones to the banquet
ro"in, Where they were served with lij;ht
refreshments previous to the german.
The latter began promptly at 10 o'clock
and wan led by w. S. Kellette, the fol
lowing couples, among fit hers, participat
ing: Dr. A. L. White. Miss Carrie How
ard, Mr. and Mrs. D. V. Deuel, James U.
Jones, Miss Plagemann, J. S. Wilson,
Miss Cramer, Dr. Earl D. Eddy, Miss
Musetta Cushman, Mr. and Mrs. C. Mer
edith, Art Schuster, Misa Farrcll, "\\.-.y
lai d E. Jones, Miss .Mao Snyder, H. o.
Blake, Miw N. -A. Eagles, a. h. Bullion,
Miss M. McConkey, J. C. Harris, Mrs.
S. Honn, ]'.. r. Kretger, Misa J. Raynor,
Fred H. Parks, Miss May P. Carter, Dr.
and Mrs. F. w. Btickney, Mr. and Mrs.
S. M. Crow, W. M. Jones, Miss Ruby
Egleston, John J. Ross, Miss Maud Glass
ner, Mr. and Mrs. George Norton, Mark
Lennon, Miss Robinson, Dr. A. J. Knox,
Miss l.ui;i Kuhls. It. Walters, Miss Mela
Hagemann, L. F. Guedet, Miss ],ida L.
•I, J. L. Mosher, Mrs. .Smith, S. S.
Purdy, Miss <!ra<i' D. White, Henry Way
| mire, -Mrs. Raker, J. T. Simpson. Mrs. H.
V. 1 lickey < >■ L. Dixon, Miss Spencer,
B. lv Madden, Miss Eftrnshield, It. F.
Paterson, Mrs. Ewing. The german was
followed by another hour of general danc
ing to the a< coxnp&nlment of the must
delightful mi«!c, when all adjourned to
mert December 1.
Tho Journeyman Butchers' Association.
Lodge No. 1, of San Francisco will hold
a s • * i -- 1 ■ and presentation of medals to
the pas: presidents of the society at Odd
Fe'.lows' Hall, corner Seventh and Market
streets, this evening
The l'Allegro Cotillon held its monthly
meeting Thursday evening, November 2,
at Sherman-Clay' Hall.
In the future.
The Deux Temps will give their eighth
(j.inco on Friday evening, November 17,
at Golden Gate Hall.
"Us girls committee" of Loreley Club
No. 26, C. O. F. of A., will give a ragtime
party and prize cakewalk Sunday even
ing. November 1899, at Alcazar Social
Hall, 120 O'Farrell street. A most enjoy
able evening is predicted.
The Eintracht Frauen Vereln will give
I its fifth grand anniversary ball on Sun
day .veinng, December 3, 1899, at the Ein
tracht Hall, 237 Twelfth street.
The guests of the Hotel St. Nicholas will
give a hop on Wednesday evening, No
vember 15, at Hoover Ha.ll, 1327 Market
street, opposite Hotel St. Nicholas. A
most enjoyable evening Is anticipated.
On Monday, November 22, Oro Flno
Parlor No. !>, N. D. G. W., will give a
benefit at the Alcazar Theater. "A Man
From India" will be the play produced.
Advanc sale of seats is very promising
and a full house is assured. Tickets can
be had from members of the committee.
The members of the Entre Nous Cotillon
will give their second assembly and ger
! man on Friday evening, November 24, at
I the Palace Hotel.
The Magnolia Social Club, composed of
members of Court Magnolia No. 29, F. of
A., will give their fourth entertainment
and ball at Union Square Hall on Thurs
day evening, November 16, 1899.
The event of absorbing interest in
League of the Cross Cadet circles is the
grand complimentary military ball to be
given under the auspices of Company li.
First Regiment, League of the Cross
| Cadets, of Sacred Heart parish, on Tues
day evening, November 17, at Native
Sons' Hall, on Mason street. The cotn
. mi t tee of arrangements is sparing neither
! pains nor expense to make the event the
| nnest of its Kind ever given under cadet
I auspices. Invitations are limited and can
only be procured from members of the
company. The undertaking is in the
hands of a committee consisting of
the following energetic members: Lieu
tenant G. H. Sullivan, chairman; Lieu
tenant V. I. Carroll, assistant chairman:
Private B. H. Foley, secretary; Corporal
J. Donahue, assistant secretary; Sergeant
F. Dougherty and Corporal F. Keesel.
California Lodge No. 163, I. O. B. 8.,
will give its twenty-ninth annual ball at
i B'nai B'rlth Hall, 121 Eddy street, on
■ W ednesday evening, November 15. The
! grand march will begin at 9 o'clock sharp.
The Aldine Club will give a full dress
party at the rooms of the Arion Vereln.
| 414 Pine street, Thursday evening, No
! vember 16.
Sailed Away.
The following Callfornlans sailed on the
Hamburg-American Line express steam
ship Augusta Victoria from New York
November 4 for Europe, via the Mediter
ratienn: Right Rev. P. W. Rlordan. Arch
bishop of San Francisco; Rev. D. J. Rior
uan. Rev. P, E. Mulligan, .Miss Mabel K.
Hopkins. Mr. and Mrs. C. E. Hopkins,
er Prince C. Hopkins and Mrs. J. E.
! Hopkins.
Personals.
Mr?. Mcl S. Badt and son of Wells,
: Nev., are visiting Mrs. Tina Badt at 1307
Gough street.
Mrs. H. Taubenheimer and Miss Flor-
I ence Taubenheimer will be at home to
receive their friends on Thursday after
noon, the 16th ins;., at 1320 Sutter street
Mr. and Mrs. Isadore Jonas have re
■ i home from their wedding trip.
They will receive to-day from 2 until 5
o'clock. A pretty compliment was paid
[sadore Jonas of the Cantons, I. O. O. F.,
,bj his company on the 29th. The com
panj pn n ated the bride and groom. Miss
Jeanette Keene and Isadore Jonas, with a
very elegant tea Bervice. In the center
of each piece was inscribed: "Presented
: by the Cantons, J. O. O. F., to Mr. and
.Mrs. Isadore Jonas, October 29, 1599."
Mrs. William Klinger of 2111 Geary
street will be ut home on the third
Thursday of each month.
Consul and Mrs. John Simnson's two
, daughters, Miss Agnes and Miss Maud
Simpson, left yesterday for the Hawaiian
Islands on the ship Falls of Clyde. They
: will remain at the islands for a few
months.
Mr. and Mrs. George Evans left last
week for Chicago, where they i.re vislt
: ing some friends.
Mr. and Mrs. Julius Knhn will leave
Wednesday morning, November 15, for
\s ashington. During their absence Mrs.
Mary Prag will reside at 190* Scott street
; and she will be at home rdcond and last
Saturdays.
Mrs. John Morrisey returned lost
Wednesday from the East, where she has
been spending several months. The hrst
snowfall at St. Louis. Mrs. Morrisey's old
home, hastened her return to California.
Mr. and Mrs. H. S. Dana and Mrs. A.
E. Sherman have removed from Van Ness
avenue to their handsome new residence
on Pacific avenue.
Following the example set her by Mi«s
Mary Crocker and M.ss Bessie Center,
Miss May Fost< v has elected to make her
coming debut on the other side of the con
■ tinent, where she will spend the winter
with her relatives, the- Scotts.
There are almost enough San Francis
cane In New York at present to form a
California colony, and there are yet oth
ers going who will spend a good' part of
the winter In Gotham. The approaching
horse show, which is such a fashionable
■ event in that big city, has proved a ver
| ltable magnet In causing the recent num
i her of departures, as for instance the
Frank Carolans, George Popes, Frank
■ Johnsons. Walter Hobarts, Fred Gr< en
wood, Will Taylor find the brothers Mar
, tin. The Wakefteld Bakers left last
Wednesday, accompanied by Mrs. L. L.
Baker, and they will remain Easl several
months. Mr. and Mrs. Isaac Requa will
leave next week, and among others In
, Gotham at present are Mr. and Mrs. Jack
de Ruyter, Mr. ami Mrs. George Board
j man, Mrs. Henry Schmiedell, Ed Sehmle
dell anil wife, Mr. and Mrs. Carolan and
Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Page. Mrs. Cohen
and her daughter, Mrs. Lansing, have de
cided to spend the winter in the East, the
greater part of which they will pass in
the vicinity of Fort Brady, where Cap
tain and Mrs. Bent (formerly Ethel Co
heni are at present.
News has been received from England
of the very serious Illness of Lady Book
er, and her i!i' i c. Miss Page, has gone
from here to be with her. Sir William
Booker was British Consul here for many
years, and both he and his wife are well
known in San Francisco society.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Blumenthal announce
the confirmation of their son Sidney at
the Geary street Temple on Saturday, No
vember 18.
Los flngeles.
An unusual number of theater parties
wpre given at Morosco's Burbank Theater
during the past week, when society
turned out to bid farewell to Mr. Fraw
ley and his clever company of players.
The Misses Mary Darling and Mary
Hunsaker entertained with a dancing
party on Friday evening at Casa de
Rosas. The young ladles were assisted in
receiving by Misses Adam Darling and
\V. G. Hunsaker, and Mesdames Shelon
Borden, O. P. Posey, Richard Mercer and
S. A. Van Geisen acted as chaperons.
Others present were: The Misses Sara
y^T Beautiful
fWA HOW TO OBTAIN,
HOW TO PRESERVE
No language can fitly estimate the true worth
Of a handsome face.
Wealth, power, title and social position
most all do homage to the sweet expression of
a beautiful face. -
Is your face unwomanly?
Have you dark shadows on your lips, cheek,
chin or person, if you have "B. B. B. English
Caramel" is Just what you want. It removes
and cures this unfortunate blemish. After one
application your face will be as free from hair
as the aim of your hand. •
WRINKLES. WRINKLES. WRINKLES.
Positively removed by the ELITE SKIN
FOOD.
ELITE SKIN FOOD— Youth and Beauty pre-
served by using; this marvel of the age. Keeps
the skin smooth, white and pliable.
ELITE FACE POWDER— powder is
chemically pure, perfectly harmless and for
creating, restoring and/ preserving beauty It
has no equal, and Is a prevention for superflu-
ous hair.
ELITE HAIR GROWER— Removes dandruff,
Stimulates the scalp, produces a quick growth,
and makes the hair soft and bright.
ELITE DERMATOLOGY INSTITUTE,
833 Market Street.
Goodrich, Dorothy Welborn, Lillian Wel
born, Helen Eaton, Klsie Milner, Henri
etta Milner, Irene Stephens, Florence Si
lent, Nora Sterry, Alice Strong, Hattie
Strong, Helen Kemper, Katherine Kem
per, Ivy Sehroeder, Martha Scott of San
Diego, L/iela Simonds, Ladye Douglass,
Christine Kurtz, Katherine Kurtz, Edith
Doran, Daisy Cross, Lillian Carleton,
Gertrude Mason, .Miss Farnell, Louise
McFarland, Augusuv Lamb, Lucle Mii
chell, Laura Works, Ethel Works, Miss
Rixon, Louise Bourke, Adele Hambrook,
Gertrude Gooding, Houghton, Grace Lau
bershimer, Grace Mellus, Azuba Higgin.s,
Carhart, Daisy Renda.ll, Susie Howard,
Dora Vickers, Clark, M::bol Garnsey,
Louise Hill, Florence Nolan; Messrs.
Sam Haskins, Ru.ss A very, Will Basaett,
W. T. Talbot, Karl Klokke, Charles
White, Russell Taylor, Rob Parsons, Dan
McFarland Jr., Fred Engstrum, Earl
Lewis, Gregory Perkins Jr., Fred Lam
bourne, Curtis Williams, Don Fisher, Er
nest Williams, Norman Sterry, Ernest
Tanner, Dan LRubershimer, "Will
Stephens, Waller Brown, Volney Howard,
Moore, Harry Wood, Charles Jones, Clar
ence Douglass, Ralph Day, Charles Sey
ler, F. Shankland, Otto Brodtbeck, Tom
Lee, Allen Browne, Ross Smith, Robert
Carhart, Don Carleton, L. Meyers, W.
Brazleton, John Posey, Christie, W. Kem
per, Irwin Herron, Schroder, W. Phelps,
George Keller, Houghton, Charles En
sign, Lashbrooke, Louis Garrett, Sullivan,
Drs. John McGarry, R. V. Day, Ktrkpat
rick and Holman.
Mrs. A. P. West entertained with a
luncheon on Tuesday at her home in
South Figueroa street. Covers wore laid
for Mesdames J. Ross Clark, C. N. Sterry,
H. G. Otis, A. J. Waters, O. P. Posey, C.
N. Flint, J. R. Newberry, J. D. Ruddy,
W. C. Miller, E. P. Clark, E. J. Stanford,
Christine Foote, Augustus Hlne. Sarah
Van Gleson, and J. 11. Adams of Pasa
dena.
Mrs. Karl Kurtz entertained with a
luncheon at her apartments in the Baker
block on Thursday. The affair was in
honor of her sister, Miss Martha Scott of
San Diego, who is her guest for the win
ter. Mrs. L. D. Sale assisted in receiving
and the other guests wore: Misses Carrie
Winston, Julia Winston, Elsie Milner,
Sada Johnson, Mary Hunsaker, Carrie
Waddilove, Patty Woodward, Frida Hell
man, Clara Carpenter, Adelaide Lorlng,
Hallie Tuttle, Eleanor Tuttle, Susie Car
penter, Hettie Milner and Virginia Dry
den.
A quiet wedding took place on Tuesday
afternoon at the residence of Mrs. C. C.
Young, in South Alvarado street, when
her niece, Miss Blossom Williamion, was
married to Dr. Claire W. Murphy. Only
relatives and a few intimate friends wit
nessed the ceremony, which was per
formed by Rev. C. R. Brainard. The
bride was becomingly gowned in white
taffeta and was unattended. The parlors
whore the ceremony was performed were
handsomely decorated with a profusion
of chrysanthemums and roses. The bride
has been a resident of this city for only
a short time, but has made a host of
friends, who -wish her joy. Dr. Murphy
is a prominent young physician, who naa
been connected with the staff of the
county hospital and the medical college.
Dr. and Mrs. Murphy will spend a short
time on a wedding tour to Santa Barbara
and San Francisco, and upon their return
will reside at 1100 South Grand avenue.
Mrs. Rufus Herron entertained on
Tuesday evening for her daughter, Miss
Edith, who was assisted in receiving by
Misses Gwendolin Laughlin and Susie
Carpenter. Other guests were-: Misses
Hallio Tuttle, Eleanor Tuttle, Louise
Bourke, Grace Rowley, Virginia Dryden,
Hazel Hallett, Mary Darling, Ella Dar
ling, Bessie Manafee, Helen Weils, Elsie
Lewis, Mary Lee, Margaret Lee, Carmel
lta Rosecrans, Lois < hamberlain, Aline
Staub, Huston Bishop, Isabel works,
Minnie Morgan, Flora Guthrle, Virginia
King, Anna Bun., Kittle Bard, Kato
Ridgeway, Mary Barrere. Nellie Leigh,
Virginia Johnstone, Kate Clark, Gertrude
King, Mathilde Bartlett, Alice Moore.
Juana Crelghton, Ruth Sterrv, Helen Sal
isbury, Marion Churchill, Gertrude
Churchill, Gladys Williams, Marjorie
Manafee, Mary Hubble and Jean Bar
rere.
Miss Frances Thomson entertained the
members of the Alpha Rho Society on
Tuesday evening at her home on West
Thirteenth Btreet.
ill- Economic Club held its first meet
ing at Jerry Illlch's on Tuesday evening.
Jack Tebbets entertained with a dancing
parly at his borne on South Grand avenue
on Friday evening. Chrysanthemums
and ferns formed the decorations. Those
present wore: Misses Lena Reed, Kitty
McCormick, Zaidee HartwHl, Alice Hea
l.y. Mabel Kallock; Mrs. N. B. Webster:
Messrs. J. I. Hamilton, Will Reed, Harry
Baskervllle, Fred Gillette and H. B. Teb
bets.
Mr. and Mrs. C. A. Benway entertained
the High Five Club Tuesday evening at
their home on W< st Thirteenth street.
The house was prettily decorated with
roses and smilax First prizes were
awarded Mrs. Vance and Mr. Summerin
dyke, and Mrs. Weaver and Dr. Vance
captured second prizes. The members
present were: Dr. and Mrs. Vance, Judge
and Mrs. C. O. Morgan, Dr. and Mrs
Kistler, Mr. and Mrs. Ueorge H. Freeman.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles E. Reiter, Mr. and
Mrs. George Summerindyke, Mr. and Mrs.
P. D. Weaver.
The fair for the benefit of the Sacrod
Heart Church attracted large crowds
nightly during the past week. Several
prominent society ladies were in charge ;
ths.
The Misses Josephine and Lena Haas
entertained with a matinee party at their
home on Fourteenth street Tuesday The
house was beautifully decorated with a!
profusion of lilies, chrysanthemums smi- !
lax and ivy. About twenty guests were
present.
Miss Ednah Tinker, who will soon go to
Riverside to reside, was the guest of
honor at an informal at home given by
Miss May SUls on Monday evening. Mu
s-ic and games formed the entertainment
during the evening, and refreshments
were served. Those present besides "the
hostess and guest of honor were: Mr and
Mrs. J. O. Sills, the Misses Troooniz Opal
McClary. Prances Sills and Helen Ham
bright; Messrs. Car] Smith, Ralph Miller,
aY, 11 n H r^: ia .?, 1 ,\ i g G h. Brown - *• R Skllll^
Mr. am. Mrs. Harry Alnsworth have re
turned from their wedding tour and are
at the Redondo iiotel. Mrs. Alnsworth
will receive on Wednesday afternoons and
evenings with her mother, Mrs Geortre
J. MulUn?. nr 2626 Ellensdale place
George Rice Sr> has returned from a
business trip to Chicago.
Mrs. M. Newmark, accompanied by her
mother, left for an extended Eastern visit
Bishop J- H. Johnson has returned from
the East, where he has been visiting for
some lime.
Major and Mrs. 11. M. Russell have re
turned from a visit to Eastern cities.
Mrs. Z. D. Mathus has as her guests
Mrs. A. W. Stedman of Chicago and Mrs
Homer Plimpton of Perris.
Mr. and Mrs. C. L. Stanton have re
moved to their new home, 358 South West
lake avenue. Mrs Stanton will receive
on the first and third Fridays.
Mrs. Edward Quinlan has returned from
Italy, where she went to study music
Melville G. Eshman has gone to Charles
ton, 111., where he will be married to Miss
Weiss of that city.
Mrs. Parker has as her guest her cousin
Mrs. Florence Hardiman Miller of Oak
land.
Mrs. V. W. Helm, formerly secretary of
the Y. W. C. A. of this city, is in the
city for a short visit. Mrs. Helm is en
route to Japan, where she will join her
husband.
William Jarchow of New York City ar
rived here Saturday and will he married
to Mrs. Blanche E. Clinton on the 12th
inst.
C. D. Mooers has returned from Europe,
where he spent several months in travel
ing.
Mr. and Mrs. F. "W. Flint Jr. have re
moved to the Westminster Hotel, where
Mrs. Flint will receive her friends on
Mondays.
W. L. Maxwell, chairman of the execu
tive committee of the National Irrigation
Association, has gone to San Francisco
w.iore he will remain until the close of the
convention.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Dent aud daughters of
Columbus, Ohio, will spend the winter in
Los Angeles, and are located at 539 South
Flower street.
Mr. and Mrs. W. 11. Matson, who have
been in Los Angeles for several months
have returned to their home in Stockton.
Mrs. A. Loeb announces the engagement
of her sislcr. Miss Hilda Stlner, to J. S
Kazinsky of San Frnneisco.
Mr. and Mrs. Granville. Redmond, who
were recently married in Chicago, have
arrived in this city, where they will re
side in future. Mr. Redmond isa painter ;
with quite an amount of ability, and has i
exhibited in several of the art galleries
of Paris. Both he and his bride are
mutes.
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Cummerland
spent last week in San Diego visiting
friends.
Mr. and Mrs. Pearson, who have been
visiting at Coronado, have returned to Los
Angeles.
Mr. and Mrs. L. C. McKnight of West
Seventh street have as their guest for
the winter Miss Edna McKnight of St
Paul, Minn.
Miss Helen Castele has returned from
Pomona, whore she had a pleasant visit
with her grandparents, Mr. and Mrs C
E. White.
Seagulls' Feathers.
One of the bost-sellinp novelties In
feathers for millinery trade are those of
ADVERTISEMENT!^ •—
fifty's" >s^ @
/ ' y/Avvl V
) JtS6
A cut in corsets
A considerable cut, too :
French brocaded coutille corsets, black
ground with pink, blue or yellow flowers, well
boned, long or short waisted, trimmed with
lace ; reduced from $3.75 to
2 . 2 £ a pair.
The best $i glove
in San Francisco
We believe that we have it in our Amazon
two-clasp, embroidered back, glace' kid glove.
Every pair is guaranteed and will be fitted if
desired.
Write for our new illustrated catalogue. ...
139 Kearny St. ■
the seagull. The wings and breasts are
most desirable and the price is on the rise
dully. Hundreds of dollars are paid out
weekly to the Pleasant Point Indians,
near Eastport, by Boston and New York
dealers for these goods. A gentleman
who visited there last week saw one buyer
pay $65 for a bunch of feathers that he
could gather up in his hand. The Indians
have a secret process for curing the breasts
of the most desirable. There are thou
sands of gulls on the Maine coast, and
everything bids fair for a new industry
for the peonle who live on the coast. The
prices paid have almost doubled since the
last of August.— Kangor (Maine) Commer
cial.
The New Alhambra Theater, Jones
and Eddy streets. Telephone South 770.
To-nig-ht Eugenic Blair in "A Lady of
Quality." _
Queer Beverages.
Molasses or brown sugar takes the place
of syrup in the drinks of Porto Rico and
Manila. They give a peculiar flavor much
liked by the natives, but which is not
always appreciated by others.
Rice wine is not unknown there, al
though in no great demand. Mulled It is
quite a favorite in the Philippines, where,
under a warm sun. its intoxicating effects
are fully appreciated. A gun barrel is
generally used by the natives in prepar
ing the mulled portion, a superstition pre
vailing that the drink thus compounded
absorbs some of the peculiarly effective
fighting qualities of the gun and gives
strength accordingly.
More deadly than rice wine is barley
ale. Old and experienced drinkers have
been brought to grief by a couple of
glasses of this palatable intoxicant. It is
sometimes mixed with lemon Juice to
deaden the effects, but for the average
American the fascinating flavor is de
stroyed by such treatment.
Quirdilec is made In some parts of the
Sandwich Islands. It is prepared from
sugar cane. The cane is chopped into
pieces an inch or so in length and placed
In a trough exposed to the sun. Water
is added from time to time as fermenta
tion progresses. When this has reached
the proper stage the mass is distilled
over a plow fire.
To impart new sensations to a hardened
palate a moderate use of mequonao is
recommended, but long-continued use of
this tipple results in the complete shat
tering of the nervous system. The manu
facture of mequonao Is carried on prin
cipally in Honolulu. Native coffee is first
roasted nnd crushed, then mixed with an
equal part, by weight, of molasses and
ANY STYLE, REMEMBER.'""
ONLY THE MOST EXPERT WORK
G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton St,
OPPOSITE CITY OF PARIS.
water. The mass is allowed to ferment
and the wine Is then distilled.
Sandwich Islanders are extremely fond
of cocoanut milk, but the American and
European residents improve on the nat
ural liquor by adding a liberal dash of
brandy and shaking tne whole with ice.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are removed by
DR. and MRS. A. W. . TRAVERSE. Donohoa
building. 1170 Market St.. cor. Taylor,, rooms
28-29/ with the electric needle without pain or
scar. Permanency guaranteed; hours 1 to 4 p.m.
What the World's greatest Serpentine Dancer,
LOIE FULLER,
Says about the skin food and tissue builder.
BRAHMAN „— • — --
TOILET CREAM, ( .s&tiKkL
."I certainly can rec- '-^sJiiSl^ ;!»§&
cmmen.l your delightful 1 M BjP*^} JHr '
Brahman Toilet . Cream : ew§£f^S*jrafiBjt
as one of the best things ; WfG2 .V.J5b3!»?
for its purpose I have • Km '^fiSBXu
Autograph" letter can <V T^ft^Bßr'fe
be seen at office of J '*i^:£3> i K3j»£".£
A. W. TRAVERSE. ~™" *■■"'"■"—— -
EUGENE FIELD'S POEMS,
A $7.00 BOOK.
The Book of the Century. Handsomely
Illustrated by thirty-two of the World*
Greatest Artists. • • .
GIVEN FREE
to each person Interested in subscribing
to the Eugene Field Monument Souvenir
Fund. Subscribe any amount desired.
Subscriptions as low at $1 will entitle
donor to this daintily artistic volume
"FIELD FLOWERS"
(cloth bound, 8x11), as a certificate of sub-
scription to fund. Book contains a selec-
tion of Field's best and most representa-
tive works and is ready for delivery.
But for the noble contribution of. the
world's greatest artists this book could not
have been manufactured for less than $7
The Fund created Is divided equally be-
tween the family of the late Eugene .Field
and the Fund for the building of a monu-
ment to the memory of the beloved rmet
of childhood. Address l
EUGENE FIELD MONUMENT SOUVENIB FOND
180 Monroe "St., Chicago
(Also at Book Stores.) **
If you also wish to send postage, enclose
10 cents. "• "_
Mention this Journal, as Adv. is Inserted at
our Contribution."AD-VTSraTI3EMENTS.
GOLDEN OATE
Cloak and Suit House,
1230-1232-1234 Market St.
| VALUES. |
j! s<? American MINK CAPES, 16 ]
'i> Inches long, j^ood qualltv silk ',
*' lining, trimmed with heads and <
tails tront and back, extra qual- ]
4 Ity pure silk, double-faced satin ',
♦ ribbon, a good $ao cape.
II Oar price $15. ;
♦ 65 Electric Seal ASTRAKHAN <
J| YOKE CAPES, 16 inches lon^, ]
0 fancy siJk lininp, tull sweep, the ',
<i price should be $15. -
;| Oar price $10. |
«• 40 Silk and Wool ASTRAKHAN !
JJ CAPES, silk lined, 24 Indies '
 lon^, entirely new and very I
<> stylish, value at $16.50. <
i: Our price $12, 1
I At Wholesale Prices. \
X i6coGOLF CAPES, in the very '<
♦ latest combination or colorings '
and strictly tailor made. '
1 SEE DISPLAY IN OUR ;
WINDOW.
♦ Quality anJ p-ices wiil speak for ,
T mselves. j
I Golden Gate Cloak and Suit Konse i
I 1230-1232-1234 Market St. J
NAVAL OFFICER
DIES ON A TRAIN
Pay Inspector Griffing
Suddenly Stricken.
BpftciaJ Dispatch to Th» CalL
X.v. Utah. Nov. 11.— George H. drif
ting, ; • United States
navy, died >( apoplexy
on the Southern Pacific train as it was
pulling Into the yard
The was returning 1 from Ma
■ his home in Philadelphia. He was
accoi -.A. Davis,
: ist to-morrow in charge of the
renm ■
George H. Grifnng was born at Hart
ford, Con-n,, April 24, 1839. He was a pri
vate in the Fourth Connecticut Infantry
from May, IS6I, to June, 1864. He was ap
pointed an .acting assistant paymaster
November IS, 1-SC4; was. on the Heblscus,
Ksist Gulf squadron, from November,
1864; .to August. 1865; at the League
Island station, from ; December, 1865, to
January, ISuT. . Commissioned as passed
assistant' paymaster: July 23, 1866; on the
3 r roiic, Kuropen.il station, 1&67-69; on the
Karragansett, Paci:ic- fleet. 187 -To; on the
receiving t=hip Sabine, -74-.';. Commis-
Eloned as paymaster October 3. 1874; on
the Enterprise, North Atlantic station,
J.877-7S; receiving ship' St. " Louis, ISBO-83;
Omaha, Asiatic- station, 1&S5; Trenton. Asi
atic station, ISS6; special duty at Chester,
Pa_, 1886; assistant to general storekeeper,
ffew i*ork,'lSß7; receiving ship Independ
ence. ISSB-9O; navy yard. New York, 1890 to
Oct.oDer, 1S91; Atlanta, October, 1891, to
July, '■'■'■, training ship Monongahela,
July, 1893, to 1£94; waiting' orders, March.
lSl<4; settling acounts;: December, 1594;
faavy yard. League Islurid, January. ISl<s;
navy bay station, San Francisco, Novem
ber," 189 until his departure (for Manila,
from which place he returned on the gov
ernment transport St. Paul on Tuesday
UNDER THE LUCKY
STAR OF SIROCCO'S
HAPPY HOROSCOPE
THERE la a royal good welcom» for
I the Grand's "Merry Monarch." There
I !s always such a welcome for any
opera that can make relentless tail
ors and difficult housemaids fade away
like long-forgotten ghosts. From begin
ning to end a laugh patters faster and
more cayly at the heels of the Monarch
and his royal astrologer and never a
Worry dares show Its face while they
hold the stage.
The story itself is as logical a bit of
jnerry madness an ever was invented.
From the casting of the royal horoscope
•which informs the King that his safety is
one with that of Lazuli events follow in
a br-autlful evolution such as cannot be
claimed by half the plays that take them
celvea seriously. The King must guard
Lazuli as if he were a pedigreed poodle
In order to' protect his own life; so says
the horoscope. Then Lazuli, finding the
King to be his successful rival in love,
threatens suicide. Was ever a more ex
quisite and nonsensical dilemma for a
third ant?
The libretto and the music are delicious
o* themselves, but they are not obliged
to stand alone. William Wolff and Ar
thur -Wooley are funnier than they ever
li&ve been before, and there's a vote of
thanks due both of them. Mr. Wolff is
always casual and unconscious. He Is
more than, ever so -this week, and, by his
■ Btandar '-.<■;.;! -t as a lamb. Mr. Wooley
•wins- half his battle by a masterpiece In
jnakeup and the other half by his tcd
dllng, anxious, helpless Impersonation of
Sirocco.
' * . * *
Mips de Witt of cornet fame returns
to the Orpheum this week. One of the
new turns is to bo by Cherldah Simpson,
the singer.
The Tlyoli •will present "Patience"
this week. Its novelty being 1 Miss
Bannfe Kruger. Whether she Is a singer
or merely the niece of Oom Paul remains
to be heard.
"Why Smith Left Home" is the last of
the Columbia farces. "Shenandoah" fol
lows. •
"Tb« Merry Monarch" remains at the
Grand and "My Friend From India"
brings L. R. Stockwell to the Alcazar. j
Harry Corson Clarke follows '. Nance
Neil at the Calif or Miss O'Neil will
appear in Oakland November 22.
Another California girl starting stage
ward is Lena Rafetto of Mills College.
She has entered the A'heatcroft
school. .SARAH COMSTOCK.
•Death of L. C. Parke.
The death is recorded elsewhere of L.
C. Parfce, who passed away yesterday in
Oakland. Mr. .l'arke was wHI known in
mining circles. He was born in Michigan
and came to this Btat« many years ago,
engaging in the machinery business. He
leaves 'a widow and a daughter.
It Is a pleaaur* to be shaved and take a re
fr.-hhing bath at Valvq's shaving; parlore, £28
.Sroadw; prtrat* «ntranc« to batfca. •
vfews of Our Soldiers
HE IS NOW A
CHAPLAIN IN
REGULAR ARMY
Father McKinnon Is
Back Again.
♦ —
WILL PROCEED TO MANILA
•
HE TELIiS ABOUT ARCHBISHOP
CHAPELLE'S MISSION.
Rev. Father William D. McKinnon ar
rived In the city yesterday aiter a. six
weeks' visit to Washington, D. C, and
other large Eastern cities. Father Mc-
Klnnon was recently appointed chaplain
of the regular army by the President and
has been ordered to proceed to Manila and
report to Commanding General Otis for
assignment to one of the regiments now
stationed in the Philippines. He will re
side with his mother at 1809 Stelner street
until the time for his departure, which
haa been fixed for December 10.
During his stay in Washington Father
McKinnon paid his respects to President
McKlnley, who asked him many questions
i regarding the prevalent conditions in the
islands. The reverend gentleman, who as
chaplain of the First California Volun
teers had acquired valuable information,
was enabled to enlighten the chief execu
tive on a variety of topics concerning af
: fairs in Manila. Father McKinnon also
met the members of the Philippine Com
mission, but unofficially, and he states
; that his conversation with them was not
iin the nature of testimony. He lectured
in various cities on subjects relating to
I the war in the Philippines and was greet
ed by large and enthusiastic audiences
I wherever he appeared.
Father McKlnnon's principal work was
in his association with Archbishop Cha
pelle, apostolic delegate to the Philip
■. pines, Cuba and Porto Kico. The Arch
bishop will arrive here on December 5
and will proceed to Manila on the same
transport with Father McKinnon. The
i latter in discussing the proposed mission
: of Archbishop Chapelle said:
"1 have no doubt that the efforts of
Archbishop Chapelle in the Philippines
; will ultimately result in bringing about
; pacific relations between the Filipinos and
the United States. His prime object, of
course, will be the settlement of church
affairs and the straightening out of in
ferences that have arisen between tne
friars and the Filipinos. This, I am pos
itive, will serve to establish a better reel
ing toward this nation.
"I was engaged with Archbishop Cha
pelle in arranging the preliminary work
for his mission, in fact, acting as his sec
retary, and I must say that he is a man
of rare tact and wonderful ability. His
success in a similar capacity in Cuba and
Porto Rico will undoubtedly be repeated
iin the far-off Philippines. He will have
; absolute authority in church matters, this
having been delegated to him by his
Holiness the Pope.
"He acquainted himself thoroughly with
the conditions as they exist in the Phil
ippines having consulted with the mem
bers of the commission on many points.
I communicated to him the result of my
observations there and he will be -well
; equipped to handle the situation. He
speaks Spanish fluently and is at present
■ mastering the intricacies of the native
•■ dialect. He was formerly pastor of one
of the leading churches in Washington,
D. C, and while there he renewed some
' of the friendships he had formed before
becoming Archbishop of New Orleans,
which exalted position he now holds."
In discussing the stories of the looting
of churches in the Philippines Father
McKinnon vehemently characterized
them as absolutely untrue.
"If there was any looting, said Chap
lain McKinnon, "it was not done by tae
American soldiers. Why, I would hold
■ myself personally responsible for .my
1 such reprehensible acts, because after
every battle I was instructed by the com
i manding general to select the guards I
! nf-eded to protect the churches. 1 picked
i out the best soldiers for the work I could
lind and we Invariably discovered that
' the looting and desecration had already
I been* accomplished by the insurgents
whom we had driven out. Whatever had
been left or overlooked by the insurgents
was stolen by the Chinese, who sold the
sacred articles for what they would
bring. I myself have purchased a num
ber from them. There may have been a
few individual cases of our soldiers who
appropriated articles, but I am certain
that they were very tew. Discipline in
that particular was rigid and a soldier
! who committed any such breach would
! have been shot. ,
"As far as associating the name of
General, then Colonel, Funston with
those practices, why, the charge has no
foundation Ln fact. I know General Fun-
Bton to be one of the bravest, cleverest
and most broad-minded of men. It Is do
ing a grave injustice to Funston, who has
done so much for his country. He nad
too many other things to attend to on
that memorable 7th of February to bother
himself about religious ornaments in
Caloocan church. It is a fact that this
church was occupied by the Insurgents
! from October 25, 1888, until the day it
was captured. I was one of the first to
enter the church and I saw nothing of
• a religious character lying around. All
'■ the church ornaments had been removed
i long before by the Insurgents.
"As to the accusations against Captain
rnathy of the Third Artillery having
looted the church in Pasig 1 know posi
tlvely that he was never in Pasig. His
company was stationed all the time on
the northern line, while Paslg was on the
south. When Pasig was retaken by tha
Twentieth and Twenty-second regiments
Iwe found everything in the way of
i church ornaments boxed up, but the in
surgents had no time to remove their
plunder. In all cases I turned over the
property to the Archbishop of Manila.
Furthermore, not one of the churches
•was interfered with by our soldiers in
Manila, which was also stated in the pub
: lished reports. The daily devotions went
on uninterruptedly and not a single arti
cle was disturbed. I. consider the publi
i cation of 'he charges as unfortunate and
not borne out by the facts."
Paper and Trees.
The Importation of wood pulp Into Italy
• Is greatly on the Increase.
Ona and one-quarter million square
; miles is the estimate of the timber area
Of ' anada, as given by the United States
1 Consul General at Montreal.
Norway supplied tlreat Britain with
I twice as much ground wood pulp last year
; as the Dnitsa States, Canada, Sweden
I and Holland combined.
<m< x of the most valuable timber tr^^s
In the great Northwest, the red cedar,
grows to a maximum height of 300 reet
and a diameter of fourteen feet.
Paper shingles have been introduced
Into Japan by an enterprises Tokio rtrm
as substitutes for the wooden article.
The new iciea is a slab of thick-tarred
pasteboard, more easily mnt.aK^d than
ordinary shingles and costing only half
as much.
Some historical trees have lately come
Into the Now York lumber market from
the Wilderness battlefield of tin- Civil
War The bills of lading shewed that the
trees bad been felled and the lumber
sawed there. In some of the planks the
minie balls can be seen plainly, the
wood directly adjacent to the bullets be
in* discolored or rotten, but not enough
to damage the lumber.
A Faithful Employe.
Conductor— How old is that child, md-
; "\I other— You have no right to ask. such
an impertinent question.
Conductor— Excuse me, but It Is a fare
question.
Diplomacy.
Mrs Neighbors— l advertised for a plain
cook last week, but didn't receive a single
Mrs Nextdoor — Take my advice and ad
vertise for a good-looking kitchen lady
and you'll be overrun with applications
for the position,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 12. 1839.
POISON IN THE
HASH SERVED TO
THE VOLUNTEERS
Fifty Privates Made
Deathly Sick.
BELONG TO FORTY-SECOND
SOLDIERS OF COMPANY X ABE
STRICKEN- WHILE AT DRILL.
Fifty privates of Company X of th«
Forty-aecond Volunteer Infantry were the
victims of ptomaine poisoning yesterday
morning, and eighteen of them are now In
the General hospital at the Presidio slowly
recovering from the effects of their sud
den indisposition. The report which was
circulated through the camp of the regi
ment shortly after S o'clock that the en
tire company had been poisoned caused a
small panic, especially as it was strongly
intimated that some one had put polaon
In the men's food. This last rumor, how
ever, was soon known to be false, but the
fact remained that the boys of Company
X were very sick.
The first Intimation that there- was any
thing wrong came a few minutes after the
m< n had lined up for the morning drill,
n one of the privates suddenly
dropped his rifle and staggered from the
ranks, retching violently and evidently
suffering intense agony. Almost instantly
another rifle rattled to the ground and
then the whole company was apparently
! with convulsions. The soldiers
d from the ranks like drunken men,
look at their white, drawn faces
• nough to show that they were suf
a something more serious than
Lulgence In spirituous liquors.
Surgeon Major McCall was hurriedly
summoned, and, assisted by the company
eded to treat the sufferers.
Idlers were found to be in
ous condition and they were
rushed off to the general hospital. They
were soon followed by fourteen others
•• condition was but slightly less
is. The other thirty men were found
to be less .seriously affected and quickly
rallied after being- treated, although the
feeling of nausea did them for a
long time. Nearly every man in the com
pany showed symptoms of having eaten
something that did not agree with him.
Major McCall said yesterday afternoon
that the men were undoubtedly sufferli g
ptomaine poison, which was :
ably contained in the hash which formed
the morning meal. The cook of Company
X is regarded as the best In the regiment
and the company mess enjoys ii like repu
tation, so much so that the non-commis
sioned officers joined In it whenever
sible. The Ingredients for the hash had
been prepared by the cook on Friday af
ternoon, and consisted of fresh vege
aiM meat which had been
■ red during the afternoon. The
ingredients were not mixed to
gether until yesterday morning, in order
that there might be no danger of fermen
tation if the hash were allowed to stand
night. But although the hash was
noi mixed until morning, the fermenta
that had I ■ ref ully guarded
t occurred nevertheless. Major
U is of tii- opinion that this may
hHve been one to the dampness and the
••;;it there was no Ice in ramp for
the more perfect keeping of food stuffs.
However, there will be no more ha«h
served to the soldiers of the Forty-second
wlnle that regiment remains at the Pre-
If poison had been placed in the food
• n would have be-^n made sick al
■ after partaking, but no
symptoms of poisoning appeared until a
full hour after breakfast As soon as the
■ Ing was reported at army head
quarters General Shatter appointed a
board, consisting of Major A. C. Girard.
Burgeon, U. S. A.; Major P. F. Harvey,
surgeon, U. S. A., and Captain W. 6.
;, assistant surgeon. I. S. A., to
• an Immediate investigation of the
r. The board met at 4 p. m. yester
day and will probably mafvft a forma!
r< port on -Monday. At 5 o'clock yester
day afternoon all the poisoned soldiers
were pronounced out of danger, but the
eighteejr most seriously affected are still
in the hospital
The provost guard of the Forty-sixth
Regiment has been doing good work
during th« past two days rounding up
soldiers who had remained In town after
absence had expired
practically all the recalcitrants
were in camp hard at work drilling. Only
men are In the guardhouse, and
c says the report a of the
trouble have been greatly exaggerated-
He admits that a large "number of his
men, who received their pay on Monday
got drunk and failed to return to camp
until brought back by the provost guard
but he truly says that that failing Is
common among the men of all the regi
ments. A provosi pruard from the Forty
sixth was in town la.st night to gather in
any members of the regiment who might
take it into their heads to leave camp
without the formality of obtaining per
mission. Provost guards from several
r regiment? were also roaming about
town on a similar mission all day yester
day.
The parade and Inspection of the volun
teer- regiments at the Presidio by Gen
eral Miles, which was to have been held
yesterday, was postponed on account of
the weather until 10 a. m. Monday. This
will undoubtedly prevent the departure
of the Forty-sixth and Forty
fifth regiments on that day. as s he.lule'd
a' though they may be ordered aboard the
transports Monday afternoon. Orders
w< re issued yesterday directing that the
number of recruits to Bail on the Sen
ator be increased from twenty-five to
fifty. Second lieutenant Henry C. White,
Eleventh Volunteer Cavalry, will accom
pany them. In addition to Captain James
M. Arrasmith, Thirteenth Infantry.
Captain S. M. Foote will suil "on the
transport Benmohr to rejoin his battery
N of the Sixth Artillery, stationed at
Honolulu. Th* Renmohr'wlll also take a
detachment of twenty-two recruits for
the Sixth Artillery, at* Honolulu. At that
port the transport will take on board bat
teries A and H of the Sixth Artillery
which have been ordered to Manila.
Colonel Chark-s R. Greenleaf. assistant
surgeon general, has been ordered to th»
Philippines. He will sail on the transport
Hancock. A number of surgeons and ns
sistant surgeons, together with a detach
ment of enlisted men of the hospital
corps, vill sail on the transports which
are to tiike the Forty-fifth and Forty
pixth regiments to the Philippines.
General Miles m;ide a formal call on
Generrl Bhafter yesterday morning, and
1 i-,'h generals were the guests of Colonel
Freeman at lunch. General Miles will
leave for San Diego at 5 p. m. Monday.
CRAZED PRISONERS
PLOT TO MURDER
Continued From Eleventh Pace.
tlngtiishing the fires kindled by the bom
bardment and savins much valuable prop
erty.
After the capture nnd occupation of the
city and suburbs, the troops at Iloilo saw
but little of the enemy, except in the way
■ t frequent outpost skirmishing, until
February 26, when a reconnoissance In
force v.ap made through Molo to the
town of Mandurraio, .some nine miles from
Iloilo, up in the foothills. The detach
ment, consisting of four companies under
ommand of Colonel Cnilders, who
had succeded Colonel Smith In command
of the regiment, found the enemy in
strong force and well posted just beyond
Mandurraio. These were soon driven
from their position and pursued for sev
eral miles by the handful of Tennes
seeans, losing some thirty killed and
many wounded. But as at Manila the Tf n
nesseeans escaped without the loss of a
man.
On March 16 they were again In battle,
assisting to repel a large body of the in
surgents who attacked the town of Jaro,
which was hold by five companies of the
Eighteenth Infantry. Four companies of
the First Tennessee under Colonel Chil
ders and Major Cheatham were sent to
their assistance. Crossing: the Jaro River
and coming in on the enemy's right flank,
they soon had them routed and running'
from the field, with a loss of lit) killed and
a proportionate number wounded. Again
the Tennessee boys came out unscathed.
Frequent short brushes with smaller
bodies of the enemy filled up the rest of
the time of their stay on Panay, but they
never again hud the satisfaction of having
any considerable body stand and make a
fight. The eagerness of the boys to fight
was shown by the incident which elicited
such warm praise from President Mc-
Kinlcy. The part of the regiment at Tloilo
had been taken on board the transport,
which then called at Oebu for the de
tachment Btationfed at that place. All
wore aboard and the vessel, which was
about to start for Manila on its way
home, when they learned that an expedi
tion was about to hv undertaken against a
large force of the insurgents strongly in
trenched in the mountains near El Pardo.
Their proffered services being accepted by
General Snyder, the whole regiment, dis
embarked and again took the neld. Tha
Insurgents were soon dislodged, two forts,
with several cannon and a number of in
trenched positions being taken. In his
cable report of the affair General Otis
pays: "The Insurgents overwhelmingly
defeated, Tennesseeans taking prominent
part." The work being finished, they le
turned to Cebu. re-embarked on the trans
port and started again for home, grudg
ing nothing of the extra duty which they
had assumed.
The regiment has been most fortunate
In the matter of casualties, having lost but
two men on the field, but up to the time
of nailing for home there had been
twenty-five deaths in Its ranka and ono
man killed by mistake, two-thirds of the
deaths occurring before it left the United
States and eight In the Philippines, in
cluding the cHaplaln, Captain l^ewis J.
LelaniT, who, with six of the men, Oied of
smallpox.
The men of the Tennessee Regiment
have received nothing but words of
prnise from their commanders and their
comrades. Besides General Otis and two
division commanders, they served under
the immediate command of four different
brigadier generals, and one and all have
officially given them the very highest
commendation as men and soldiers. The
Kansas boys and others with whom
they camped, and the Nebraskas, the
T'tahs, volunteers like themselves, as well
as the Fourteenth and Eighteenth Regu
lars, with whom they stood on battle line,
and all others who came in contact with
them, whether in camp or in the field,
have nothiiip but praise for the "Tennes
see boys." They have done and well done
| their full duty. They have won new
1 glory and honor not only for their own
State but for their whole section as well,
for the First Tennessee was the only
regiment from the South that went to the
Philippines and the only one from the
South that got Into the field of action be
fore the peace protocol was signed, and
the whole South shares with Tennessee
! the feeling of honest pride for the gallant
record of the First Tennessee Regiment.
The Tennessee Regiment mustered 1000
men and fifty-eight officers when it land
ed at Manila in December la.st. It num
] bered forty-three ofA.cers and 619 men
I when It boarded the transport to return
home. Major 13. F. Cheatham, with a
i number of line officers and 153 of the
men, remained In the Berviee of the
T'nited States and in the Philippines.
\ forming, with some additions from the
i Eighteenth Imantry, a battalion of one of
the new regiments commanded by Colonel
i R. B. Wallace, late of the Twentieth
: Kansas.
DEATH ROLL OF FIRST
TENNESSEE REGIMENT
' Captain Lewis J. Leland, chaplain of i
! the regiment, died of smallpox at Hollo,
I Panay Island, February 16, 1£99.
John S. Luttrell, Company G, Nashville,
May 21, ISSS.
Luther Cates, Company Q. Nashville,
June 10, 1898.
John Hamilton, Company D, San Fran
cisco, June 30, 1898.
"William W. King, Company X, San
Francisco, July 2, 1898.
Charles D. Gamble, Company A, San
Francisco, July 12, 1898.
Zlb Stafford, Company C, San FTanclsco,
July 15, ISDB.
James E. Stafford, Company C, San
Francisco, July 21, 1898.
Joseph L. Baker, Company B, San Fran-
Cisco, July 23, 1898.
Shelton Irving, Company E, San Fran
cisco, July 29, 18 M
Percy H. Wlutaker, Company B, San
Francisco, August 12, 1898.
James Mitchell, Company C, San Fran-
Cisco, August 16, 1898.
William A. Bumpass, Company D, San
Francisco, October 4, 1898.
Benjamin McConnell, Company B,
Haley, Term. (home on Blck furlough),
October 13, IS9S.
Charles A. Kennedy, Company L, San
Francisco, 1898.
Neal Matthews, Company M, San Fran
cisco, 1898.
A. Brent McClaln, Company G, Manila,
January 11. 1899.
John A. Meyers, Company H, Manila
January 26, 1899.
James A. Garvey, Company A, Manila,
February 6, 1899.
James V. Morris, Company M, Hollo
February 18, 1899.
Corporal Joseph L. Walker, ComDany '
B, Manila, March 17. 1899.
Walter M. Parrlsh, Company C, Hollo
March 19, 1599.
Wiliiam Creelman, Company B, Hollo
September 2, 1899.
William H. Wallace, Company L, Phil
ippines.
Orville Mercer, Hollo, August 30.
Corporal J. C. Bulllngton, Hollo, Sep
tember 15. !
Luclen B. Price, Cebu, September 12
William Hanley. killed in action at El
Pardo, Cebu, September 22.
Frank F. McNeal. Company D, San
Francisco, October 11. '
Down in Old Kentucky.
Traveler— There's a funeral in town to
day, I FOf>.
Native— Yes.
Traveler— Did the man or woman or
whoever It Is that Is being burled die a
natural death?
Native— Hardly. He came down heah
from thf» Xo'th and pussented abbltrltlon
as a moans of settling feuds.— Chicago
Times-Herald.
Little Jack's Home Thrust.
"I am out of all pat!«nce with you. Jack. !
I should Ju^t like to know why George
Jones Is always at the head of his class,
while you nre always at the foot!"
Jack hesitated for a moment, and then,
looking his mother squarely in the face
he said Innocently:
"You forget that Jones has very clever '
parents."— Tlt-Blts.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 652.
A Greater success Than EL CAPITAN. •
Packed to the Doors Nightly
THIS EVENING Francis Wilson's Greatest
Comic Opera Triumph,
THE MERRY MONARCH.
Commencing? TO-MORROW EVENING
Second and Last Week of the Funniest of All
Comic Operas,
THE MERRY MONARCH.
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT.
To-morrow, Monday Evening, Every Lady
Attending: the Theater Will be Presented With
a Handsome and Elegant SOUVENIR.
Prices 50c, 35c, 26c. 15c and 100.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
O# V/l/fjß#^l BODY ST..
M Iwa a. J H con. masor
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW IN
THE CITY. v ...... -•> ~1
A BILL FULL OF STARTLING NOVELTIES.
MARiE WOOD,
Th« People* Favorite and a Nightingale
Among Singers.
FAREWELL WEEK OF
THE ROUSELLS.
Th« Wizards of the Horizontal Bars.
RUTH NELTA,
And Her Famous Pickaninnies.
FRANK BARTON,
AND A HOST OF OTHERS.
ADMISSION FREE.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY ' FRIDAY.
FAMILY MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
SHERMAN & CLAY HALL,
223 Butter st. Next Friday afternoon at 8:16,
MINETTI QUARTET. Chamber Music Con-
cert (4th season). Reserved seats, 75c; admis-
-1 sion, 50c. " Tickets on sale at Sherman & Clay's
! Music Store, November 16 and 17.
ADVERTISEMENTS. w^-^-^ l -,-_-,_.^-^- -
| SPECIAL PRICES FOR |
I JACKETS, DRESSES AND FDR GAPES I
§ inb&fc ! 5] UnLdatd fIWU run bnr lo &
§ This is cloak weather. We have the stylish cloaks, and make special g
§ prices, so that NO ONE can afford to do without a new garment $
8 * S
S £$tsh We are agents for the (iMsb P
I ■ T|L Genuine Near-Seal film I
I w^W) Fur Jackets. 42^ I
ft A*yMjW They are made and lined as ele- , jf&tt^vbay* £>
8 V W 1 ! £ an as any sealskin, and wear A WTKilfip/PlTm £*
I JrJ| |k New Fall Jackets. WMsfs 1
« W/AjikjW^ $ 10 Tan Covert Cloth Jackets 1;/^^^5ral- §
8 v .... 'v for . •••••..«, »•• $6.50 ■"£* a
~S $11 00 Black, Blue and Castor Kersey Cloth Jackets for $7.50 g
8 $12 50 Tan, Castor, Blue and Black Kersey Jackets, all silk :2
g lined, for $10.00 ig
8 Loose-Back 26-inch Jackets and Loose-Back J-length Jackets, elegantly !*j
J3 made and lined with fine silks. : 5
§ Prices $22.50 to $87.50 g
| TAILOR-MADE DRESSES. |
» A $20.00 Dress, new Gray and Brown Camels-hair Cloth Jackets, silk §
8 lined, dress taffeta silk trimmed, new cut skirts. 8
1 Special for $15.00 |
I CHILDREN'S JACKETS. I
§ New Ail-Wool Cloths, all shades $3.00 to $7.50 §
IKF1 KFI I V & I IFRF<s' CLOAK iND I
§ HELL IGi LIEDEj SUIT HOUSE, 1
§ 120 KEARNY STREET. |
B. ®a&&&a&&a^
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORT^
NO PERFORMANCE THIS SUNDAY AFTERNOON.
TO-NIGHT— THE ONE BIG HIT,
f% "WHAT
t) HAPPENED
sfr TO JONES!"
YOU LAXJOH TTNTII. THE TEARS ROLL DOWN TOUR CHEEKS.
AN 18-KARAT COMEDY WITHOUT A FLAW.
A GOOD THING PRESENTED BY GOOD PEOPLE.
HARRY CQRSON CLARKE do "JONES."
"As clever a comedian as has trod th« boards In this city for years." — S. F. Examiner.
"The best comedy seen here In several seasons." — S. F. Call.
. "Audience laughed Itself »i»re over the comicalities." — F. Chronic!*.
F»OF*UI-AR PRICKS-Eveninti 75c. sOc 25c. Matlneej 50;. 25c.
TWO MATINEES. SATURDAY AND SUNDAY AFTERNOONS.
NEXT ATTRACTION. Sunday, Nov. 19.
The Great Swedish Comedy-Drama "yon yonson/'
Week Commencing SUNDAY (Matinee), Not. 12
A REALLY GREAT SHOW I
NEW FACES— IMPORTATIONS!
Thomas J. Mary
RYAN and RICHFIELD,
In an Original and Screaming Farcett*.
"A HEADLESS
Cheridah Simpson,
! ••The American Beauty." One of the
World's Cleverest Soubrettes.
BURTON'S
Acrobatic Comedy Dogs,
The Best Trained Troupe on Earth.
Introducing High Leaping Greyhound!
From the Prince of Wales' Kennels.
RETURN FOR ONE WEEK.
VENIE DE WITT,
Eminent Cornet Virtuoso. |
I JEROME (y ALEXIS
J The Frog and the Lizard.
I LtO CARLE, I
I The One Man Tragedy Company. |
GOGGIN AND DAVIS, |
I Acrobatic Comedians. |
f BIOGKAPfi, j
| With Some Entirely New View*. I
Last bat Not Least—the Parisian Beauty,
MARGUERITE CORNILLE,
If You Miss Her You Lose the Topio of
the Town's Talk.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SUNDAY). NOV. 12.
Parquet. 25c, any seat; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 100 any part.
A few front Orchestra Rows reserved. Wo.
and, by' special' request, the front rows of the
Balcony reserved, 25c.
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION
INCORPORATED.
Member American Turf Congresa.
TANFORAN PARK.
South San Francisco Ban Mateo Co.
Main Office, Parlor A, Palace Hotel, S. T.
W. J. MARTIN, F. H. GREEN,
President. Sec. and Manager.
FIRST WINTER SEASON. )
First meeting from Nov. 4 to Nov. 18. lWf,
Inclusive.
Six high-class running races every weekday,
beginning at 1:30 p. m. Last race at 4 p. m.
• Beautiful country scenery, sunshine and fresh
air. A model racetrack, superb grandstand and
unexcelled accommodations.
TRAIN SERVICE, Southern Pacifies Co.
(Third-street Station.)
Local trains leave at 9:00, 10:40 and 11:30 a, m.
Special race trains at 12:40, 12:50 and 1:25 p. m.
returning immediately after the last race and
""ban* JOSE" AND WAY STATIONS-Arrive at
San Bruno at 12:45 p. m. Leave San Bruno at
4:00 and 4:45 P. m. Trains leave Valencia-street
ten minutes later than Third street. Race
trains stop directly at the entrance to the
grandstand.
Last cars of all trains reserved for women
and their escorts. No smoking.
RATES.
From San Francisco to Tanforan and return,
Including admission to grounds. $1 25. Single
round-trip tickets, 40 cents. Holders of Associa-
tion Badges may secure a twenty-four ride cou-
pon ticket, limited to thirty days, upon presen-
tation of badges at Third or Valencia street
stations for *3 60. • . .
Register all complaints without delay, with
'the Secretary and Manager of the Association.
TO-NlQHT— LaitTlme of Maths vs and Bulger la
"BY THE SAD SEA WAVES."
TWO WEEKS— Beglnnlnr
MONDAY, November 13th,
Return of last season's
GREAT LAUGH COMPULER,
BROADHURST'S g^!tud E ,
I LEFT j
Four Months at the Strand Theater,
London.
Three Months at the Madison-
square Theater, New York.
PRICES: 25cT50c, 75c, $1.
ALCAZAR MA N -^Y.
TO-NIGHT, Laat Time, "NERVES."
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
If« oar treat— have a "Smile" with n*.
Never before at our prices.
My Friend 1
few?
From India,
Special engagement of
MR. L. H. 61OCKWELL.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
THALL & KENNEDY'S
NEW...
YON YONSON...
Headed by the premier of Swedish dialect
actors.
MR. ARTHUR DONALDSON,
Will appear at
Virginia City. Monday, Nov. IX.
Carson City, Tuesday, Nov. 14.
Reno. Wednesday, Nov. 15.
Auburn. Thursday, Nov. IS • • > ■
Woodland. Friday. Nov. 17. l
Sacramento, Saturday, Nov. 18.
Opening at the
CALIFORNIA THEATER
SUNDAY, NOV. 19.
Remember, everything new but the name.
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year ,
AMUSEMENTS.
(THE PEOPLE'S PLAYHOUSE).
Eddy and Jones Sts.
'PHONE— 770.
One Beginning fjjlJJTiftT
Week TO-NIGHT 1 Mat, Sat. 1
Only, TO-NIGHT (Sunday).
Engagement Extraordinaire !
EUGENIE
AND EXCELLENT SUPPORT.
Presenting the Distinguished Success From
Wallaces Theater,
NEW YORK,
OF
QUALITY
(DIRECTION HENRI GRESSITTI,
BT MRS. FRANCES HODGSON BTJRNICTT
and STEPHEN TOWNSEND.
CARLOAD SCENERY,
EXQUISITE COSTUMES.
$1.00 BOX SEATS $1.00
PRICES— 7SO, 800, 35c, 25c. IEo. Matinee— Mo.
SSo, Xsc, 150.
Next Sunday — KENTUCKY.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Grand and English Opera Season.
To-Night, "L'AFRICAINE," Latt Time.
A GREAT BILL FOR NEXT WEEK! .
Monday, Wednesday, Friday Evenings and
Saturday Matineo, Gilbert and Sul-
livan' World-Renowned
Opera,
"PATIENCE "
I fi I BLIIULi
Produced on a Soale of Gorgeous Splendor.
An Unrivaled Oast of Singers and Fun Makers.
Our Orchestra and Chorus Are Beyond
Comparison-
Don't Miss the Favorite Opera of Millions.
' - Verdi's Historical Grand Opera,
THE
MASKED BALL
("UN BALLO IN MASCHERA").
Sung by a Notable Array of Artists.
Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday, Sunday Nights,
Debut of Signorina Zelma Folitini, the
Famous Contralto, late of the Lam-
bardi Opera Company.
"The Masked Ball" will be magnificently
staged — "The Masked Ball" Is Verdi's great-
est creation— "The Masked Ball" bound to
attract crowds.
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc and 50c.
Telephone for Seats, Bush 0.
UNION COURSING PARK.
TO-DAY (SUNDAY), Nov. 12, 1899.
$250 PURSE.
Recording Angel vs. Sisqnoc
COMPLIMENTARY STAKE.
RESERVE STAKE.
CtHtHttt>+tttttttt-HttJ»
I $1000 IN PRIZES, I
#»♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
CONCERT BY THE BAND.
TRAIN BERVTCB.
L«a,Tes Third and Townsend streets Q a. m.,
12 m. and Ip. m. Returning; from Park at 4:45
p m. and Immediately after last course. Baa
Mateo electric cars every ten minutes.
Admission 25 Cents. Ladies Free,
— — - — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
HAPPY PEOPLE
COME FROM THE
STEEPLECHASE-CENTRAL PARK.
Greatest excitement ever seen In San Fran-
cisco when the $230 In cash was thrown to the
people from the high wire.
STUPENDOUS SUCCESS
Of all the 25 CONEY ISLAND attractions and
PROFESSOR HILL on the high wire
100 feet In the air.
Entire JEFFRIES-FITZSIMMON'S fight Just
added from the East.
Don't miFS the great RAZZJLE-DAZZLE; .
has made a big hit: the sensation Is grand.
CAPTAIN BEACH in a wonderful -water ex-
hibition.
THE STEEPLECHASE IS GREAT.
Presents, to the winner of each race.
10c — Admission to all parts and ride lOo.
Attractions to be continually added.
CHITESJND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING*
MAJOR MITE,
The Smallest Actor on Earth.
ADGIE and HER LIONS, High Diver.
Frank flail Subduing "Wallace."
AND A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
Try to Die in the "CABARET DE LA MORT."
SOUVENIRS ■
FOR THE CHILDREN EVERT DAT.
Phone for Seats, Park 23.
FES M PpSk /B*iV ALBERT
I i W 1? fIOEFILCH
| ll] H^ra- Mtnaficturs,
Ttlsphont
QRESN 325,
1516
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
■ « San Frnnclsco
:>•' Thlr 1 streets, open'
• ■;, the year.
. V ntgomery street,
: m.
• "> P- m.
n ontl! 9:10 p. m.
■ n until «:IO p. m.
■.1 10 p. m.
: Sixteenth; open
v • ■ • .
pen untH ? p. m.
:i until 0 p. m.
1 and Ken
■ j m.
CHimCII services.
I 1 at The ■ v •.-•■■ RBATH Home
J ( (6«j) Howard St'Methodl*t*EplscOp«i
i> ft Cnuich t>t. sd &(d S:s.: Seats Free.
h }[ Uev. Dr. J.ilin A. B. Wilson. Psstor
kj< , liL'3 Kcs. by the Clmrch. Tel. Black 9*t.
,'.'; |A ; ,4 ! f\ rt^'or-.it-l!" seat )
lidr* IVISA A 1,1 lurtewts creeilnj: '■ Await yo» !
[* i £>•' I'-i) UOrdial welcome V
'MJJsa "& 11 A " "The Uses of Adv.er-
■f ii'-S: ;-■>-. si'o" : offertory; Quartet song. 12:30 j
ffl»ijEi3if<!}K— Sunday-school e.i.d j>asti>r> Plble-j
it.iii.'g.^ v?! class f'>r strnntjer?. 6:3tt-^Epworth '
Lo.isue rally. 7:30— VThe Permanence of A^-*- j
tin .-" ; oflertory duet by the Misses . Wlilttme- J
ton. 1
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Powell I
an<l Geary sts.— Rev. John Hemphllh D.D..
pastor. Services at 11 a. tn. and 7:30 p. m |
T> ;-ic, p. in.— "Christian Optimism." Music," l
h. !!i. — Anthem, '■(>. l'ra:«e the Lord"- (Qer- \
rirtJ); offertory, "Thou Wilt Keep Him" (M. 1
13. Foster); s«iprano silo and (juartef. Musle,
p. ni.— Anthem, "Jubilate Deo" I
offertory. "The Shadows of the Evening:
(Shelley); alto solo ar.d Quartet. Ail are m:id9 ,
welcome.
UOWAIID Presbyterian Church. Oak and
Baker sts.— rtev. J. S. Thomas, pastor. At
I ■ :.".') a. m., '.'Love's Debt. 1 .: At 7:45 p. m..
'.'Light on the Book of Jor.ah." Sunday ;
tchool at 12:1 J. Christian Endeavor at o:4b. |
v . lnesday evening, prayer meeting at 7:46. 1
Strange ra ana others aro cordially welcomed.
GRACE M, E. Chutvh, corner Twenty-first and
Cnpp stß., J. N. r-ard, D.D.. pastor— Preach-
ing at 11 a. m. by the rartor. Subject. "The
. church of To-day nnd To-morrow.V Sunday
Fchool nt 12:43 p. m. 6:20. Epworth Leaguu 1
devotion meeting by Fred VW'i. Subject, 1
"Tim Living Bread." 7:30 p. m., prearhng by ,
the pastor. Subject, "Tht Flr=t New Testa- J
ment Commandment.'.' All are cordially in-
vited. Seats free. ■
"FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason Bts.— Krv. lieorpe C. Adams. D.D."; i
p.iFtor, will preach at both services; 11 ... m.
theme "A Had Barpnln"; .7:30 p. m. theme.
"An Excellent Young Man With Only One
Fault." All are cordially Invited.
ET. ALBAN'S Church (Episcopal) meetr. every
Sunday morning at Golden Gate Hall, 623 Sut-
ter st. Morning service at 11:15. F'.tn.'.ay-school
-at 10 o'clock. All are cordially welcome.
feEVENTH Day Adventlst Church, OU Laguna
et.. between McAllister ana Golden Gate aye.
—Preaching this Huti.lny eveiilnij at 7:3' i :
o'clock by the pastor. J. N. Corlis: ibject,
"The Mystery of the Gospel." AH are cor-
dl.illy Invited.
WEST Side Christian Church. Bush St.. near
Pevlsador..— Preaching at 11 a. tn. and 7:53 p. I
11-.. by Professor S. M. Jefferson, dean of i
Berkeley Bible Subject of evening
■ F^rnion "The Second Coming if Christ."
Sunday school at 10 a. m. Y. P. 3. C. E. at I
G:3O p. m. " I
FIRST Church of Christ. Scier.tlpt. Central |
block, ?23 Slitter St., between Kearny and j
Grant aye.— Christian Science Bible lesson at ;
II a. m. ; subject. "Soul and Body.',! Sunday-]
school for children at the fame hour. Wednes- j
day evening meeting at I o'clock. All are [
welcomed. 1
ASSOCIATION Auditorium. Mason and Ellis !
Pts. — A Kr->at mass meeting for all to-day. ;
] ray of prayer for 'ins men In all lands. j
\.! i-.'«s my Mr. Frederick Thomas of Den- 1
ver, friend of D. L. Moody, on "The Story of ,
My Life." Music by First Baptist Church
Choir Service commences promptly at 3 j
o'clock. Public Invited.
ONE week's blessed meetings. Welcome Hall, ;
•.•2". Howard st.. between Fifth and Sixth '
Singing Evangelist »J. W. Emtgh of Denver '
will lead. S.'iie. testimony and gospel ad-:
dresses by R. J. Parker of Boston and others, ;
commencing Sunday evening, November 12. |
Christian Alliance meeting as usual Friday
evening, Brother Hill lea-iing.
THE Theosophical Society.— Public lecture to-
night, corner Seventh fir, i Market nt». "The ,
Law of Duty," by Mr. W. J. Walters. Lot j
Circle at H a. in. Inquirers' classes, Tues- j
(iavF. 8 p. n:.. nnd Thursdays, 2:30 p. m.
; j
MEETINGS — SUKDAT. '•
A FREE scientific lecture this evening, 8
o'clock on "The Invisible Forces of- Nature,"
by Dr. J. Depew Kergan *of Ore. K. & X.'s
Klectric Sanitarium), Crystal Hall. Pythian j
Castle, W> Market st., followed by a series |
cf magnificent art views. Those atten.lin? i
this le^tur? may procure free tickets to the
X-ray exhibition at the Sanitarium, corner •■- i
Market aiid Mason sts., on Tuesday evening 1
next. i
SOCIETY of Progressive Spiritualists, Occi-
dental Hall, cor. Larl and McAllister sts., 1
Sunday at 7:30 p. in. Speaker, Mrs. R. S. |
Lillie. Eubject, 'The Redemption of the
Race.''
AT Dr. Rines' spiritual society, &03 Market: 1L
free: 2 and S. Mrs. Seeley. Vigers, GHllngham, 1
• Davlson; tests. 3"3 lister; Wednesday,
November 13, all tests fre«; S p. m.: collect.
KATIE HKUSSMANN'S sittings daily. $1;
cymbol circles Friday eve.. "."•■■;; test meeting j
Mot;. • ■ ■- : tests to all; 3"?. <",-U Jessie, off 7th. ;
JOHN PLATER, grand seance to-night at 8:15,
hall 909 Market ft.; messages and questions 1
answered; admission 10c. I
EBERHARDTS Hall— Convincing tests to-
r.lprht; lCc. S2'.O Twer.ty-second St., bet Mis-
sion and Valencia.
HcALLISTER, SS3 B sharp; your future re- j
vea'.ed by spirit power; We; Mrs. Mayer and
flllliricham.
MME. MARQUISE. te«t circle to-night, t
o'clock. 10c; read, dally. SEO Market, room 4.
3OUL culture meeting, 7:20 p. m.: Pun. free. H.
H. Brown, 521 Turk; Mon. Bpeclal read.. 25c.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test oircle to- !
night. 60." McAllister Bt.; 10c; come, skeptics.
117 LAHKTN, 8 p. m.— Orand test meeting; !
Mrr.ee. Wrenn. Miller, Hafh, Bird; adm. free. 1
C. V. MILLER'S eth"reallzlr.g, materializing
seal (09 Leavemvorth Bt. ; COc. I
MRS. MF.XA FIIANCIM, Independent slate '
writing medium. 118 Haight st.
TESTS to nil, 10c; good music; Arnold's. US I
Eixth et, rooms 1 and 2.
EDWARD EARLB, seance to-night, 380 Ellis
et.. 8 o'clock; 23c.
■■ — ■ — — .— — ■ — — »■. 1
MEETINGS — Vnlverfinl nrntheriiood. ;
THEOSOFHICAIi Society In America, 818 Mar-
ket st.— lecture tu-night. "Reincarnation In
the Bible," by Dr. Jerome A. Anderson: In-
ternational Brotherhood League Tuesday
nlfrht. subject. "Sorrow, the eat Teacher."
MEETING NOTICES.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 156, F. and A. M.. ■
121 Eddy St., will meet on SUNDAY at _«^_
1 p. m., to attend the funeral of our jK 2f
late brother. E. M. COFEH. Master /V'
Masons ir.vlted.
iHQE PEXLINGTON. r etan - .
EXCELSIOR Lsidg*. No. 310. I. O. <^^*Kv>.
O. X.— Ofrtc»rs and members a'e
n-'tified to attend the funerßl of
our deceased brother. B. C. MITL- '"
v;:- Services nt Kx'-'-lsior Hall, mi** Mis-
Bion Et.. SUNDAY, November 12. Nt 10 o'clock
a. in. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by S. P. neial train.
D. V. DEUEL, N. O.
W. A, Mf-INNEP. Recording Spcr»tary.
AI^TA Lodge No. 20S, I. O. O. F..— .■ai_-AJ>J,
;■ tlation MONDAY :'XIN»}. -"jy^»s_
November 13.
\V. WARD BECK LEY,- N. a. '-^>/'l-^~
TIDKLITY Lodge No. 222. I. O. O.
j.\ — Doublo initiation MONDAY jS#?^a
EVENING, Visiting brothers lii-«p^eP
viti'd to bt' present "^lW****^
C. 11. KORNBECK N. G.
WM. B. CURTIS, Secy.
EXCELSIOR Lodse No. 120, A. O. U. M}<b>
\V. Officers an-i members are request- jjrr"<&Z-
-' eil to attend the funeral of our dr-ll: : ■' \
ceased brother. B. C. MULVicv. froin«a?i>
. Excelsior Hall, 2319 Mission el.. SUNDAY,
November 12. Nt 1" a. m. ; Interment Cypress
I awn Cemetery: 8. P. Co.'s funeral train,
• Valencia and Twenty-fifth stn.
GEO. W. mJMMELL. Master Workman.
J. H. HELEN. Keoorder.
COURT Occidental No. CCTfi. A. O. F.- <N\__«»
Offlcers and members are notified to at \i
tend funeral of our deceawd brother Jt\
RICHARD McCONNVILLE. Serrleei «T_\
- A \ O F. Hall. 102 O'Fnrrell st., at 12:.1O
v ni KINDAY, November 12. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery. By order
Mt.ui 1 -»V*« NEIL O'NEILL, C. R.
KrryF'FlSH rcadlnss wndT the aus- . c> j_
e Z ",,f Clan rrakf. OrJor of Scot V H sh
M, Clan? will be given by MISS TKXgj?
vathaßLNß X OLIVER from
' -Ant li^ o 1 LowrleV' nd "Drumtochty
v, -I" , VVY M. C. A. Hall, corner Mason
ma nil* ts./ on SATURDAY EVENING,
Vox-ember IS at 8 o'cloc!:. A-lmlsMon -'■ .
re^crvcd!sci.t« 2Zc extra. On pale at hail on
evening of entertainment ;
bY '." ANORE WS '■• Society — Reß'Haf v S3[
daj win ,^^f
nqu « at the Palr.ce Ho-
tel Friday, '^^ r^^|ri!R, President.
A. R. PATTERSON, Secretary.
•"■• - :■■•:-■
— p
MEETING NOTICES.
ANNUAL meeting— Regular annual meeting of 1
the stockholders of the Honolulu Sugar Com- 1
pany, will be held at the office of the com-
pany. No. 327 Market st.. San Francisco. CaL,
on MONDAY, the 20th day of November,
1899, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the
purpose of electing a board of directors to
serve for the ensuing year, and the transac-
tion of such other business as may come
before the meeting. Transfer books will close !
on Tuesday, November 14. 18?i>. at 3 o'clock
p. m. * . 1: H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting-Regular annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Honolulu Plantation
Company v.iir be held at th- office of the
' company No. 327 Market st.. San Francisco,
Cbl on MONDAY, the 20th day of Novem-
her 1399 at the hour of 11 a. m., for the |
purpose of' electing a board of directors to
serve for the ensuing year, nnd the transac- j
■ tlon cf such ether business as may come
before the meeting. Transfer books will close
on Tuesday November 14. 1899. .at 3 o'clock
• p. m . ' ' E. H. SHKLUON. Secretary.
THE regular annual mooting of the stockhold- i
ers of the California Wine Makers' Corpora- !
tion will be held In the Assembly Hall of the
Mills buil.dlng. p San Francisco, at 11 a. m..
' WEDNESDAY, November 15, 1599. California
•Wine Makers' Corporation.
By W. J. HOTCHKISP. Secretary.
SPECIAL meeting— A special meeting of the
«tocKh>ld»rs nf the OCCIDENTAL BEET
SUGAR COMPANY will be held at the office .
of the company, '-'7 Market St.. In the City
■nd County of ' San Francisco, State of Cali- j
fornia, en SATURDAY, the ISth day of No-
vember, 18M. at 11 o'clock a. m for the pur-
pose of considering a proposition to dlsln- j
corporats the company.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ASTROLOGY.
ASTROLOGY— Serrano, recognized brightest as-
trologer in America: sketch of life and pros- .
pects. Send date of birth, sex and 12c. PROF.
SERRANO. P. O. box r."3S. Boston. Mass.
TEST astrology; send 2oc and birth with hour, :
if known, for life sketch and disposition.
PROF. BAIRD (5), San Jose, Cal.
LESSONS In astrology. NICHOLS, 78 Third 1
St., room 2.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. KING, sixth floor. Chron- j
icle building: no advance charges; all cases: '
estates, mortgages, damages, collections. I
bankruptcy, wills, etc., drawn; moderate j
fees; call or write. j
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, attj at law. SSO Market, cor. " 'cktii. (
NOAH F. FLOOD. 9;ij Market St.. opp. Mason; j
consultation free: moderate fees. i
L. fi. CLARK. Fmr.ia Spreckels building. 927 j
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful W. I
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market .-it., opp. Mason.
BICYCLE REPAIRS'
THOS. H B. VARNET, Market and Tenth, j
RAMBLER AND IDEAL BICYCLES. |
REPAIRING A SPECIALTY. j
HOARD AND ROOMS.
EDDY. 123— United States Hotel; room* $1 50
week up. with board $5 B0: suit for two with
beard. $12: board, $» week; meals. 25c; ele- ;
vator runs all night. :
A NEW family bot*l, 807 California »t.. occu-
riy'.nsr corner opposite Grace church. !
"BKLORAVIA," Polk and Clay-Sunny suites;
best board; frr i. MS up single. $20^ ]
FLLIP, 327— Elegant tabl» bnard. home cooking, !
.neat, and homelike, $4 week.
HATES, 401— Nicely furnished front room, with ;
or without board. In private family, by an
Eastern 'adj . i
LAS PALM AS. 182 Market— Suite of 2 or 3 \
rms.; private; bath; sin. rms.: board optional^ j
NICELY furnished front mom; excellent board; \
use of parlor, piano, 'phone. 650 Van Ness.
FINNY, front room In small family, near
Eighteenth nnd Howard; '•". pas; bath; board i
optional. Box 2444, Call office. • |
WEBSTER. '."42 Handsome sunny front room
with dirt-class board, In small family of
adults; suitable for 2 gentlemen or married ;
couple: highest references.
BOARDING FOR CHILDRBW.
GOOD me for a child. 2 years up: no other
children; reasonable. Box 2447. Call office.
BY German lady, 2 children to board, aged I
from 2 to 5. • 30 Willow aye.. near Kddy st.
REFINED experienced nurfe has a comfort- !
ablß home for children. .'3I A Castro st.
ROOKS — NEW ANI> OLD.
lecBOOI BOOKS bought 9nd exchange.!.
Holmes Beck •-.. 7M M'^i— " . ti»ar Th<rd j
HOOTS AND HHOKS.
BOYS' fhoes, splendid valup, sizes 9to 13.*.. Sac j
Children's shoes, all styles, Bixes, 6 to 11...7.".c I
Ladies' lace or button, SI; men's shoes. ..sl 25 !
People's Bhoe St ire, IK Stockton, ■■- Bdwy. !
BUSIXESS CIIA>CES.
LA.DV or gentleman wanted for an Interest in
well established, paying business, NATION-
AL INVESTMENT CO. 927 i Market, rm.l 20U
SEVERAL good business chances in near-by
towns- you can get half-Interest in same- they
are all right and thoroughly staple; no bonus 1
required. NATIONAL INVESTMENT CO., j
927 Market St., room 201. ' |
t°C*X» TO Invent, with services; what can you 1
offer?. NATIONAL INVESTMENT. CO.. 927 ,
Market Bt.. ror-m 201. ■
STOCK boots and shoes; good one; In near-by
town; Investigate this at once. NATIONAL
INVESTMENT CO.. 027 Market St.. room 201.
PHOTOGRAPHIC business; one of the best In
the State; this Is an up-to-date plant; old es-
tablished; can be had cheap. NATIONAL
INVESTMENT CO.. M 7 Market St.. room 201.
BAR and billiard room In good paying hotel; no
competition; owner has other business; get In-
formation on this one; sure If you want a
good thing. NATIONAL INVESTMENT CO., \
■•27 Market St., room 201. _ j
IF you want to buy, sell or exchange a business j
of any kind you will do well to call upon us; !
■we do nrt charge any commission unless we
do business; you will always receive due cour-
tesy from experienced attendants. NATION-
AL INVESTMENT CO.. 927 Market, rm. tOX.
HARDWARE stock; have several good one*.
Call on the NATIONAL INVESTMENT CO., '
927 Market St., room 201.
ROOMING house wanted for spot cash; cen- ,
trallv located: call at once. NATIONAL IN-
I VESTMENT CO., 927 Market st, room 201.
I HAVE several parties from the East' who want ]
good openings. What have you? NATIONAL
INVESTMENT CO., 927 Market St., room 201. i
CASH paid for staple merchandise. NATION-
j AL INVESTMENT CO., »27 Market, room 201.
I ROAD house wanted; Sonoma Co. preferred.
• National Investment Co., i*27 Market, rm. 201. j
HAVE party- who wishes to sell a half Interest ;
In one of the best Investments In this: section;
chance seldom offered. NATIONAL INVEST-
MENT CO.. f>27 Market Ft., room 201.
MANUFACTURING plant — You can fret the
whole or a half Interest; cheap rent; will
stand close investigation. NATIONAL IN-
" [MENT CO., 927 Market st . room 201.
GROCERY Etoek— This Is a gnod one; cheap
rent; party obliged to go East; bargain. Na- !
tional Investment Co.. 927 Market st., rm. 201.
RELIABLE man wanted to take half-Interest
in paying bushier*; must be a bustier. Na-
tional Investment 1 ' ■.. 827 Market st.. rm. 201.
SALOON wanted— Have spot cash. NATION \L
g INVESTMENT ' 0.. 9?7 Market St., room 201.
GROCERY and bar; centrally located; bargain:
■fittSO.; COWINQ & CO., 91 Market ft.
r2.'.CO CASH, balance time, will buy the best-
paying business In this city; Investigate at
Mice. COWING & CO., 385 Mark I *>t.
CIGAR store, fine location, at a bargain. See
COWING .-. CO., W6 Market ct.
BRANCH bakery and candy store; fine loca-
tion: bargnln. COWING & CO., 995 Market. i
j DENTAL practice; 4 chairs; No. 1 location,
I room* and outfit: chance of lifetime; 24 years
I established COWING ft CO., 9% Market st. !
CANDY store; fine location; rau«i> of sale de- '
parture. COWINQ a CO.. 995 Market st.
GROCKRY; good location; fine stock; must b.»
_ sold thin day. COWING * CO., 993 Market st. :
A— s2ooo; M" acres fine bottom land; vgetablefi
fi-iilt end grain; Hi miles from Red Muff; '
will build house and barn; take morteag-*
1 = back for $1006. $ X REDO & CO., 224 Geary Ft"
JIT.". — RESTAURANT and bar; good location" '
paying place; rent only $10; good for man and i
or two partners M. LESS, 785 Market.
AN opportunity— lsooo Investment; none but a
practical business man ne*d apply; a thor-
! oughly established brokerage business: East- .
crn rtaple for California, Oregon and Wash-
UVi t0 " : ,f a " m * territory paid $3000 net profit in i
1*68; •rill pay $4000 for 1191 over and above ex- I
penses; wner hns just acquired control for 1
the I nited States; will dispose of this terri-
tory In order to devote all time to Eastern
manaK»mer.t: business growing rapidly. To
principal address box UM, Call.
VOOD and opal yard: bargain; this day.
LAI GHLIN ft CO, 777U, Market st. I
BAKERY; receipts $13 day; all store
■g trade;? genuine* bargain. JONES, Hi Market.
$15<V) FOR ■'" Interest In outside business
clearing from $4000 to $COOO year for the last
40 years; full Investigation can be had nnd
poe.l reason given for the transaction. Ad-
I dress tox mi, Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUKDAT, NOVEMBER 12. 1899.
HfSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
HOTEL for sale, exchange or leAse; 30
furnished rooms, bar and bowling alley, in
heart of adjacent city. ALFA CO., 935 Mrkt.
$1500 — YOUNG men want well located saloon;
day and night trade. ALFA CO.. 935 Market.
WANT to invest about $500 In partnership In
paying restaurant. ALFA CO., 935 Market st.
BEST saloon in city for the money; good trade;
low rent. ALFA CO., 935 Market st.
PARTNER for tailoring business; well estab-
lished; small capital; partner retiring. ALIA
CO., 936 Market st.
_^_____ j
BRANCH bakery and delicacy; living room?;
large trade; good location. ALFA CO., S3
Market st.
RESTAURANT; well located; low rent: good
trade; for sale cheap. ALFA CO.. MS Market ,
$100- MAN to take partner's place; light, gen- ,
tpel paying business. ALFA CO. 935 Market. ,
$100— PARTNER In paying saloon: good loca-
tion; day, night trade ALFA CO., Wo Marltt.
BARBERS— hotel barber shop for sals
in the center of this city; reason, death 01 pro-
prietor. For particulars call on 11. &< B*<U- |
NERT, 927 Market st. _
WILL pay from $::oo to 1300 for a well-fitted ,
and paying cigar stand: leave partlcu are
with agents. SCHOTTLER & CO.. 035 Market
$4500— LOT 100x200: corner San Leandro road
and Rose St.. near Fru:tva!«; on electric car
line; new building: 7 living rooms; large
store and saloon: elegant grounds: stable ana
warehouse- 9 rustic outhouses; finest roau-
elde resort In Alameda County; selling on
account of sickness; $2500 down; balance easy
terms. Apply to owner on premises, C. .
CLUNDT. San Leandro road, also Call ■
Branch. Oakland; San Leandro electric car
pusses door. j
RESTAURANT « for sale che-ip; prominent (
street, near Market; owner bus other busl- |
ness; Will ftand investigation. Address box
2487. Call office.
FOR sale in a booming town; best paying hotel
and bar; cheap; 30 miles from city; death in
family. Address a. R, 98 Crockett.- Cal.
FOR sale -Job printing plant suitable for all |
kinds of commercial work; cash or easy terms
on good security. Call at IMBH Folsom st.
BRANCH bakery, notions, stationery. P 1 " 04110 ?: ;
etc.: cheap rent; north of Market; Clears J7a ;
monthly; must sell. Bo* ; 970, . Call of flee.
PARTNER Lady or gent, small capital to I
start a coffee and waffle house. Box 2240. Call
SPLENDID offer in a good Invention to a man
of Some means. 70« A Larkln st _
GOOD paying business and fixtures for sale at
J250. Apply 7f< Lnrkln st. !
CAPITAL required, In D prosperous and well- j
established manufacturing business; all |
means of investigating freely granted. Ad-
dress box ':•<"■ Call office.
|4.*>o —AN established commission business,
clear. $18 a week; can be increased; work
easy. Address box 2431. Call.
$j9s— BARGAIN; corner salrwon and lunch
hor.se; good location; no agents. Inquire box
2429, Call office. |
$175— BRANCH bakery and notions, if sold j
within 10 days; cood business Address |
Owner, box .4.:, Call. .
BARBER shop; i chairs: finely located; up to
date and good-paying business; must Bell ac-
count of sickness. 302 J St.. Sacramento, Cal.
MAN wanted with $100; good business; no ex-
perience. 106 Eddy st., rooms 16 17.
BARBER shop; reasonable; first-class trade;
proper location; party going East. 796 Geary.
FOR sale In a suburban city, h crockery busi-
ness and oil route doing profitable and safe
business; capital involved about $4000. For
particulars apply between 11 and 12 o'clock to
F. W. DOHRMANN, 122 Putter st.
ARE you looking for a good-paying investment
of fiono or J2'»iO In a business where you can
i ••> active? If so, Investigate this proposition
by addressing box 2419. Call office.
FOR sail ' hophouse; nicely fitted; doing good
business. 5 Polk St.
FOR tale at sacrifice; retiring from business:
wholesale nnd retail store, established it
years; suitable for wholesale nnd retail gro-
cery or drug M"re or hot»l: car. be rented
teparnte; long lease if desired. OF.O. MON-
NIER. IU3 Howard, bet. Seventh and Eighth.
$."200 — HOTEL, CO rooms; richly furnished; good
will; splendid business; grand location. E. K.
BUNCE, BOS Broadway, Oakland.
SMALL restaurant and branch bakery; .-st IS
yrs.; for sal* account sickness. 1147 Howard.
FOR sale— Blacksmith fhop; cause of selling,
death of owner. Apply at 22 Cortland aye.
LONG-ESTABLISHED central delicacy store;
low rent; 5175 monthly profit. Call at once
on MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market st.
; FOR sale— Saloon, restaurant and lodging-
house. 746 Fourth St., corner Berry.
i $M 0 BRANCH bakery; dairy produce for sale.
; Address box 2£s. ill off!"*.
GOOD paying restaurant for rale;, receipts $20
to $30 per day; sickness cause for selling.
Box 29C2. Call office
CIGAR store for sale; desirable location; new
stock and fixtures. 50] California st.
FIRST i LAS restaurant In center of the town
Cor Eale: cheap. Box 29C4. Call office.
; FIRST-CLASS French liquor store; established
25 years a?o; horse, wagon, cellar, etc. 1401
}• well st.
PRIVATE house; 15 rooms: 20 regular boarders;
! north of Market. Box 247, Call office.
I COFFEE and tea. route* supplied from GEO.
\V. CASWELL & CO.'S. 412 Sacramento st.
1 A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Ftp. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 104$ Va-
lencia Ft.
. CARRIAGF.S AXD WAGONS.
, FINE top buggy, almost new; business buggy,
new; business, wagons, new. suitable for dry
goods stores; rockaway. 62S Harrison st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 1117 Mission St.
100 PETS second-hand harness: wagons, carts,
burgles, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
' CARPET BEATING AND CLOAKING.
i WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
tend to BPAULDINO'B Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-36* Teharna St.: tel. B. 40.
CITY St».im Carpet beating Works. Q. H.
BTEVENB, mgr., :>»-40 Bth St.: tel. South 250.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson st. ; tel. South 228; ".ovest rates.
; ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutler «t. ;
[ tel Mnln *34. QSO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned nt 3c per y*ard: laid at 3c.
ETRATTON'S. 3 Eighth it.: tel. Jessie 344.
.1. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 nth
St.: cleanlnc, 3c per yard: tel. Mission "4.
I CONKLIN'S Carrot-beating Works. 333 Golden
! i Into aye.: tel I"rv;t I2C
■ ' ' . ■
(i,r,n\i\(; ( oMPnt'M)<i.
UTICA cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; <\ household blessing: a sure
cure for polton oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
Agent. Omoe ar.d factory. 21 Pp»nr st.
CLAIRVOYANTS AM) SPIRITUALISM.'
MRS. DR. CLARK,
the well-known trance medium, may be con-
sulted on all affairs of life. While entranced
phe reveals every hidden mystery; she will
show you how to overcome your enemies; re-
move family troubles; restore lost affections:
unite the separated; recovers lost or stolen
property: locates minerals: tells your entire
life, while In a perfect trance; satisfaction
guaranteed by mail; send ptamp for circular
with special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK,
203 Turk St., near .Tones Home Sun. and eves.
MRP. .1. .1. WHITNEY, the celebrated test
medium, life reader and medical clairvoyant;
sittings |1; diagnosis free; "new method"
treatment for chronic, private, obscure dis-
eases; send stamp for circular. 232 Stockton.
MME. LEBUB. the only true destiny reader,
brings separated lovers together, brings hap-
piness to married couples, gives advice con-
; cfrnlnit business matters, locates stolen prop-
erty; ladles, 25c; gentlemen, 60c. 310 Turk st.
; MME. MELBOURNE, gifted clairvoyant; never
falls; satisfaction guaranteed; hours 1:30 to 6
p. m.. 7-10 p. m.. L., 2r,c; C,., 50c. 61214 Eddy.
MMX A CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; best advice in difficult mat-'
I ters. S Hayes St., room 7, second floor.
OYPSY lifs reader, removed from i Seventh
1 st. to 5 Seventh St.; never falls to give- satis-
faction.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth «t., near Mission.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, 10c; card reader;
past, present, future, Ko. 14K Sixth St., r. 11
I PROF. GEE, medium, Bees and tells every-
thing; 800, $1: c!,. every night. 25c. IOSS Mkt.
EDWARD BARLE, Independent slatewriter,
330 Ellis st . circle Sun. and Wed. evenings.
MRS BURSH. 24." Fourth St., Napoleon card
reader and sympathy healer; prices reasonable..
ARRlVED— Professor Haley; reads life, cradle
to grave. M)c. $1. 3D Turk, parlors 2.". and 26.
c; vrsv life reader: satisfaction guaranteed;
25c; correct answers to all questions. 6 7th St.
MRS. C. J. MEYER, KM McAllister; readings;
tests dally, 10c; eir., Mon., Frl.. 25c, 3-8 p. m.
MME. SYBILLE— CradIe to grave; future hus-
band's picture, Xi*.; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 212% Sixth at. .
I MMi: RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
* advice; names given; 2;'> c up. 5 Fourth st.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call;
16 pages, in wrapper., for mailing. $1 per year.
CLINIC.
CALIFORNIA Medical College, 1422 Folsom;
free medical and snrg. treatment: 9 to 12. m.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency ; no charge un-
] r «. c.ifressful. Room 310. ,''27 Market st.
; COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE, newly papered: large yard and
basement; 3 rooms; $6. 700 Harrison st.
COTTAGE 4 rooms, yard, $10. Key 632 Second
St., near Brannan.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms and yard; rent $8. 1021V4
Ijombard st., near Hyde. ■
i MANCHESTER, 83— New • cottage; 4 rooms,
i ' yard and basement; $10. Key 350 Preclta aye.
I REAR cottage; 2 rooms and bath; ?8. 510 Cas-
tro st.
SUNNY cottage, 4 rooms and bath; large base-
ment; with or without barn 919 Capp st.
i I SUNNY rooms and basement; rent $11. 360S
■ Twenty-sixth st.. bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
&-ROOM rear cottage. 1 Lftrkin place, off Lar-
-1 kin St., bet. Ellis and O'Farrell^
$10 9 PLEASANT rooms, stable adjoining for
two horses; $14, ".-room cottage. GEO. W. 11.
t PATTERBON. 1701 Market st. ,
COTTAGES WASTED.
! WANTED— To rent furnished cottage of about
6 rooms: City or adjoining. Box 2424. Call.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. - S. HIGOINS' dental parlors. 92/
1 Market St.. over Cafe /.'ir.kand— Teeth extract- [
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
I or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; th? best and most artistic
1 dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up; other fillings from f,oc; ;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and j
filled or crowned without pain; plates that fit
from }4 SO up: flesh colored plates from $3 50
tip: teeth without plates a specialty; open
evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry.
Synol, on application to the gums, removes 1
'■ the pain: see our flesh colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber; warranted for 20 |
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with- ;
out a plate; fillings. 60c; crowns. $3 30; plates, i
full set. $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. Ith. rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns, ;
$3 BO Up; plates extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
; fice hours. 9a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9to 2 1
1 p. m. O. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager. |
: DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Ferrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
, derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3: received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH extracted free; the best work; the low- !
est prices; all work warranted and painless: |
teeth without plates a specialty. Modern
Dental Parlors. I^6 Market, cor. Golden Gate. |
VAN VROOSl— Painless extraction by electric- !
ity; guarantee 10 years: lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near '
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a '
; specialty; all work reasonable: gas given.
BET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk Et.
I MEYER— Deutscher 7Jahnarzt, 6 Turk; lst-class j
work; prices reas. ; gas; crown it bridge WLTk.
OHIO Dental Parlor", Inc.. S graduate opera-
tors: open evening* and Sundays. 860 Market.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush:
full set teeth. $4; crowns. ?3; filling*. 25c.
LOWEST prices in 3. F. : work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists. %', Mission, for, *?th.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
S. F. Dressmaking. ~~id!es' Tailoring parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
DRESSES made; skirts, $1 2.V MME. RAG-
! GASSON. 171« Leaven worth st.
I GEARY. 868— Skirt making especially; skirts
from $1 75 up; suits from y, up.
PARISIAN dressmaking. :S7 Geary; dresses
mails $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post. over O'Connor & M fTatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
ATR.ES, the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket St.. conducted personally by Mr. and Mrs.
W. F. Ayres. Individual instruction In short-
hand, typing. English, penmanship and the
practical voucher system of bookkeeping.
Lite scholarship. $30; catalogue.
I REALD'S Business College, 24 Post st., S. F. ;
practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages. telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.; r.ew 80-page catalogue free.
MISS M. G. BARRETT Is unable to till all de-
mands for her shorthand graduates and de-
fires more pupils; lessons personally and by
mall. 302 Montgomery Ft.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year get positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
I ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical, mining,
mech.. survey, assay, arch!.: day and even.;
est. MM, VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
MATHEMATICS, languages, etc., for schools
and civil service: thorough, practical; rea-
I Bonable. Box 4711, Call.
PRIVATE lessons: English branches; coaching,
telegraphing; 3 to 6 or 7 to » p. m. Box 2407,
Call office.
PRIVATE Academy of Dancing; ballroom,
buck and wing. MISS JEAN HUDDE. «A
Hyde st. 2
! FRENCH. Spanish, etc. Prof. De Flllppe's
Academy of Languages, 320 Post: ablest profs.
LAW schools, 827 Market, S. P.. and 905 Broad-
way. Onklnnd; day and nlrrht: correspondence.
PUOF. M-RKI'S mandolin club resumes Nov.
2; new members welcome; ref. 1008 Mission.
'•EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College. 305 Larkin St.. opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar. writing;
dny and night: terms low. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Jap.»nes». Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Slitter; tel. Black 1321.
FIELD'S Employment Agency— Help furnished
free. C") Clay st. : phone Davis SSI.
JAPANESE Information Bureau: Japanese and
Chinese help. 421 Post; phone Main ISSfi.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 428.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; til kinds
help. av.Q. OAK I. 30 C, nary St.: tel. Orant Mi.
I EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires a situa-
I tion; also first-cinss Swedish cook; best refer-
ences; city or country. MISS H. CULLI-
' NAN. 323 Sutter St.; phone Main 661.
COMPETENT woman with a child desires a
situation as housekeeper: city or country;
j best ref. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Butter St.
RESPECTABLE widow with 1 child wishes a
situation as housekeeper; widower's family
preferred. Call or address J. G.. 1725 Devlsa-
dero st., near Butter.
DRESSMAKER wants sewing In families, $1
per day. Address i,., 39, 14 McAllister st.
j WOMAN of experience wants position as nurse
or housekeeper with charge ef Invalid; under-
! stands plain sewing. Box 2422. Call office.
YOUNG lady with Borne experience wishes posi-
tion as clerk: book or nrt department pre-
-1 ferred; speaks German. Address box 2436, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants situation to
cook for 5 or 6 adults, or to do sewing and
assist housework In family: has good refer-
ences; call for I days. Address 2110 Hyde St.
I MISSION. IC33 — Plain sewing and children's
I clothes made; reasonable.
' AMERICAN woman wishes to go out working
1 by the day; washing, Ironing or houseelean-
inn: $1 and car fare. Box 243!*. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS infant's nurse desires situation;
can take care from birth; best of references;
city or country. Box 2448, Call office.
j YOUNG woman wants work by the day; wash-
ing, Ironing, cleaning. 77 Natoma st.
I AN elderly woman wishes light housework In
small family in city; good home; small wages.
Address F. BROWN, Thirty-first ay«., corner
Clement St.
"WANTED— Situation as working housekeeper
or aFßist In lodging-house. Address box 2445,
Call offie.
SCANDINAVIAN woman cook on ranch or In
private fnmily; city or country; wagu $25.
Address box 2449, Call office.
I EASTERN lady, has best references, desires
position as housekeeper; competent in the
care of children, or in lodging house. 114 Mc-
Allister, flat 4.
WANTED— Position by an experienced lady fa-
cial masseuer. direct from the East; latest
methods. 114 McAllister St.. flat 4. •
EMPLOYMENT "WANTED FEMALE.
YOUNG woman with a child 6 years old
wants situation as housekeeper in or near the
city. Call or address MRS. NORA MILLER,
712 Van Ness aye., city.
GERMAN woman wishes work by the day;
washing or housecleanlng; neat worker. Ap-
ply 49 Ivy aye., near Polk st. __
EXPERIENCED dressmaker, accustomed to
best trade, designer and perfect fitter, desires
to work by the day In families; fitting guar-
anteed. Box 2165, Call office.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation to do
housework. 414 Jackson St., room 40. ■
WANTED — A situation as first-class cook or
housework; good reference. Box 2466, Call.
COMPETENT woman; chambermaid. Call or
address 408 Sixth st.
SITUATION wanted by a competent woman
as cook. Address 517 Ninth st., Oakland.
WANTED— first-class laundress by the day;
$1 and carfare; has been ironing in French
laundry. Box 2451, Call office.
WANTED— By first-class seamstress by th*
day, 75c; children's dresses to perfection. Box
2461, Call office.
EXPERT stenographer, typewriter and corre-
spondent desires position; commands English,
Germnn and French; 10 years' New York ex-
perience. Box 2409, Call office.
RELIABLE, middle-nged Eastern woman,
wishes position as attendant for Invalid
or aged person, or would take entire charge
of Infant; best of references. Call on or ad-
dress Nurse, 1714 Polk st.
GERMAN woman would like to do housework
and tnko care of children for widower or wait
on invalid lady; German family preferred;
wages |14. Call at 49 Ivy aye.
RELIABLE middle-aged Eastern woman
wishes position an attendant for Invalid or
aged person; or would take entire charge of
Infant; references. Call on or address NURSE,
1714 Polk st.
RESPECTABLE temperance woman wants
dishwashing where she may have her boy of
12 With her; hotel or restaurant. Address
MRP. CLARA. Berkeley.
RELIABLE man for general housework and
jilnln cooking or day work; no objection to
across the bay; good reference. Apply 1519
Grove st., bet. Baker and Lyon.
WANTED — Hy respectable young woman, po-
sition as housekeeper; is first-class in every
respect. Address 627 O'Farrell St.
STYLISH dressmaker, good fitter and cutter,
$1 60; cuts by tailor system; dresses made
over; quick worker. L.. 2.'2fi Mission st.
YOUNG woman with one child wishes position
as working housekeeper in widower's family
Of 2 it 3; city preferred; references. Call or
address 1049 A Market st., room 50.
DISTINGUISHED Italian lady and daughter,
speaking English, of correct manners and i
habits, wish employment as companion to '
lady or children or chambermaids. Address
box 1301. Call.
CLASSIFIED Advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Filimore st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 2CO rooms; 2."c to $1 50 night; $150 to (6
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubscrlptlons has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia Ft.
. EMPLOYMKNT "WANTED MALE.
ATTENTION, doctors— A trained nurse and
masseur, well qualified in health and habits,
with years of experience In chronic, mental
and nervous diseases and habits, and up-to-
date in all scientific and hygienic methods and
treatments, wishes position with private man
or institution In city, country or travel; best
of references: charges moderate. Address
J. H. BCOFIELD, 687 Thirty-fourth St., Oak-
land, Cal.
SITUATION wanted by a practical fnrmer as
superintendent; thoroughly understands vine-
yard, fruit and farming in all branches; com-
petent to handle large crew of men. Address
box MO7, Call office.
WANTED- Position on ranch by competent nil-
round man; handy with tools. Address box
2441. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a young man of H
as assistant traveling salesman or stockman
In wholesale house; Eastern experience. Ad-
dress box 2861, Call office.
YOUNG man. Just come from th» East, wishes
good position; best of references. Address
PH. BCHMITT, 150 Fourth st.
RELIABLE man, good worker, understands
care of horses, good driver, can milk, good
reference, wants situation private place; city
or A'.ameda preferred. I. M.. 405 Minna st.
FIRST-CLASS vest finisher desires a place with
a union vest maker. Apply '■•"■■'•'i Natoma st. I
I SITUATION wanted by a thoroughly reliable j
man; American; middle age; good watchman, !
hotel clerk, etc; best reference; good in any
trust. Box 2438, Call office.
I MIDDLE man, German, wishes work
as kitchen hand or lunch man: sober and in-
dustrious. Box 244, Call office.
POSITION by young man ps bookkeeper, sten-
ographer and typewriter; first-class refer-
ences. Box 2450, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by single middle-aged
man on private place or ranch; understands
farm and garden work, horses, cows, poultry,
etc.; references. Address box 2954, Call office.
COACHMAN— Competent man, thoroughly un- i
derstands his business in all branches, Al ref-
erences, desires situation. As to qualification
address C. S.. 1022 Jackson St.
SITUATION wanted to take care of horses and
garden. Call or address JULIUS KIESK-
BUSCII. 1800 Union st., cor. Octavla.
! YOUNG man wants a position as porter or
Janitor in the city or country; good refer-
ences. Box 24C3, Call.
! ERRAND boy; well recommended. Shirt Store.
i f.35 Valencia st. •
RELIABLE, sober man wants situation as
coachman or man about place; understands
I care of all domestic animals and fowls; good
gardener and driver; good references. Ad-
i dress J. TV., 417 Powell st.
STEADY, sober and honest young man desires
steady work in manufacturing house; iron
preferred; no experience; references. Address
box 2465, Call office.
i MAN handy with tools wishes situation as
watchman or Janitor. Box 2460, Call office.
ROUGH carpenter wants work. X. C, Call,
Mission Branch. 1096 Valencia st.
CARPENTER wants work; repairing old work
' a specialty. Address box 2435, Call office.
WANTED— Good side line for grocery, hard-
ware or furniture store In California, by ex-
perienced traveler with established trade.
Address box 2425. call.
YOUNG man, 22 years of age. wants position
In wholesale or retail grocery; experienced ;
can furnish security. Address J. W. T., 109
Taylor St.. room 4.
STEADY. Industrious young man wishes work
of any kind: strictly sober; best kind of ref-
erences. Address E. E.. 400 Capp St.
YOUNG man, Just come from the East, wishes
good position; best of reference. Address
PH. SCHMITT. 650 Fourth st.
YOUNG man wishes work of any kind; steady
and reliable. Address E. N., 415 First st.
GARDENER, good propagator and general gar-
dener, can run gasoline engine, do coach-
man's And any stable work, references, de-
sires situation; private place. Box 2416, Call.
MAN and wife want situations on ranch; man
as ranch hand and wife as cook. Call or ad-
dress H. P., 474 Jessie et.
WANTED— Position as meat cutter or night
cook in hotel or restaurant. Address Lick
Restaurant, Tenth and Howard sts.
i A— A— sso OFFERED by competent accountant
1 and salesman for Information leading to per-
manent position at reasonable compensation.
Address box 2997. Call office.
SALESMAN; 14 years' experience with city and
country trade; best of references. Box 2413,
Call office. |
FIRST-CLASS barber would like to manage
or work In first-class shop. Address box
2409, Call. ■
JAPANESE young and honest boy wants a
position: housework and waiter In family.
Y. SHIGE. 1606 Jones st.
JAPANESE honest schoolboy wants place;
work as cook or waiter in small family; has
good references. SADA, 1010 Pine st.
INDUSTRIOUS, sober and honest gentleman
desires position as porter In wholesale house
or store; understands the care of horses and
Is handy with tools. Box 2570, Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
| received nt Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky eta. Open till 9 p. m. "^.--y,
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st.
exchange!
$5000— FOR sale or exchange; good city Income
business property; will take flats or cottaee
In the Mission. MCLAUGHLIN & CO 777%
Market st.
$3000— MORTGAGE $1100; new elegant S-mnrn
cottage, Alnmeda; trade; ranch; assume
i mortgage. r.EHRINQ. 214 Pine st., room 64.
FRUIT ranch near Napa for city Improved
property. MRS. H., 612 McAllister st.
GOOD renting Oakland property for ranches
J. H. EDSON. 1203 Broadway, Oakland.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
1071 Market St.. San Francisco: exam, free.
FINANCIAL.
SAVINGS bank depositors please call room 529,
Parrott building, in reference to rate of in-
terest. — — .
FLATS TO LET.
AN elegant sunny middle corner flat: modern
lmprovemts. 1000 Webster, cor. Golden Gate.
DESIRABLE sunny upper flat; modern; 10
rooms and reception hall. 1246 Waller St., 100
feet from Masonic aye.
ELEGANT lower flat; 7 rooms and bath; mod-
ern improvements. 1183 Bush st. .
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HO WELL.
10 Montgomery st.
FLAT of 5 large sunny rooms and bath; rea-
sonable. 3647 Sacramento, corner of Spruce.
FLAT of 3 rooms; $9. 70 Laskle St., off Mis-
sion. __^
FLATS— completed: modern 6 and 7 rooms;
yard; basement. 1933 O'Fr.rrell st _^
LOWER flat of 3 rooms, 1310 Lnrkln St. Apply
at 131S Larkln st.
LOWER flat of 4 rooms and bath; rent reason-
able. 409 O'Farrell st.
MCALLISTER. 677— Flat of 7 rooms and bath:
rent $22 SO. ■ _^_^__
MIDDLE flat 4 rooms and bath; rent $14. 6
Dearborn St., off Seventieth, nr Valencia.
NICE, sunny flat: 4 rooms; large yard and
basement; $10. 110 Perry st.
NICE, sunny upper flat; newly papered; 4
rooms; $10. 711 Harrison st.
RENT $16: house of 8 rooms, yard and view.
1021 Lombard st.
SUNNY flat of 6 rooms and bath. 1412 Califor-
nia st., near Hyde.
SUNNY new style flat, 7 rooms and bath; mid-
dle flat. 7.™ Fourteenth st.
SUNNY bay-window flats. 7 rooms and 2 kitch-
ens each: first and recond floors. 417"4 Third.
THIRTEENTH. 425— Bunny modern Improved
six-room lint: reasonable.
TO let— s sunny rooms nnd bath; modern con-
veniences; rent $20. 420 Halght st.
2 FLATS of 5 rooms each; rent $12 and $11. Ap-
ply at premises, 4?" Ivy aye.
E LARGE sunny bay-window rooms. 72S Four-
teenth st.
$?— WATER free: nice middle flat, 3 rooms.
1117 Broadway, near Jones Ft.
$10— UPPER flat: four sunny rooms. 37 Gil-
bert St., near Seventh find Bryant.
A WEEK'S new« for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pnrep. In wrapper, fnr mailing. *1 t"'*t year.
FLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
GROVE. SIS, near Fillmore — Handsome sunny
flat. 6 rooms, furnished or unfurnished; stable
if desired: references.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ENAMELED iron bedsteads, all sizes. $2 90;
heavy matting, 10c per yard: 30x60 inch rugs,
$1. Eastern Outfitting Co., 1310-1312 Stockton
St.. near Broadway; open evening.
ESS PAGE St.— Fnr sale, elegant furniture of
8 rooms: flat for rent.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for S4S 50. with No.
7 ranee. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays
the highest price for your 2d-hand furniture.
WANTED— S6OOO carpet*, furniture, etc. : highest
price paid: postal. M. Sllversteln. 1121 Market.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. f n year.
rCRRIKRS FURS. ETC
ELECTRIC seal capes. Astrakan yokes. $10 to
$30. ROBT. WALLACE, 115 Kearny. top lloor.
" HELP WASTE D — A GENTS.
WE will pay a regular salary and a commis-
sion to a selected number of high-grade
agentH. We want the best men and women
to be had; those of experience and who can
be relied upon for faithful work; persistent
and energetic, of good address and with
"gumption" and the tact to secure what they
attempt. Retired ministers, school teachers,
or those seeking outdoor life, make good
agents: regular salary and a commission on
each order to the competent man or woman.
Call at agents' department, J. C. MURPHY.
29 Chronicle building San Francisco, Cal.,
agent for the Curtis Publishing Company of
Philadelphia. Pa.
WE want agents to sell the Economy Harness
Riveter; holds enough rivets to do several dol-
lars' worth of repairing, yet sells, when load-
ed, for 81; price is right; can reload for 7c:
agents make 3200 mo. ; send $1 for sample and
terms. Foote economy Co.. Los Angeles, Cal.
AGENTS— We will pay $85 per month to collect
small photos to be enlarged: the work is so
simple according to our method that any
man can do it: this is salary and salary only.
Address Immediately Manager, Dept. 806, 137
Grand St., New York City.
WE pay good agents $20 to $30 weekly com-
missions; write for particulars. Brilliant Gas
Lamp Co., 46 Clark st., Chicago.
AGENTS for an improved staple article: quick
seller; big profits. 953 Jefferson st., Oakland.
SALESMEN wanted to sell the retail drug
trade. P. C. M. A., after 4 o'clock.
I MAP agents— Something new. Write EDWARD
FOSTER, 20S Bush si . San Francisco, Cal.
AGENTS everywhere to sell map of the battle-
fields in the Philippines; 46x04 Inches in six
colors, showing all the movements of Eighth
Army Corps. Write for particulars to P. E.
LAM*AR. 21 First St.. San Francisco.
$75 MONTH, salary, expenses; Ideal employ-
ment men and women appointing agents; our
1 general agents act as employers. MANAGER,
drawer 2!\ New Haven. Conn.
! A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
HELP WAXTED-FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
Employment Agents.
I waitresses, first-class country hotel, $20 and
free fare; hotel waitresses, 2 Santa Clara
County, Monterey County; * waitresses, new
hotel, city; 20 waitresses, San Jose, $7 week;
chambermaid to wait, Humboldt County:
manglers, shaker-cut, hotel, city: restaurant
waitresses, no Sunday work, $20; German and
Swedish girls, $23, city and country; nurse-
girl. enre of baby, with references. C. R.
hanskn & CO., 104 Geary st.
2 GERMAN cooks, city, $35 and $30; cook,
American family. $30; 6 restaurant waitresses,
$7, $0 and $5 per week; a number of house-
work girls, city and country, $30. $25 and «20;
20 young girls to assist, $10 to 115. MISS H.
CULLINAX, 323 Putter st., phone Main 651.
WANTED — 2 German cooks, $35, no wash: Ger-
man nurse and seamstress, $25; also 2 German
nurses, $23; waitresses and seamstress, $23;
German second girl, $20; lroner, $25: large
number of _lrls for housework, $20, $25, city
and country. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
Putter at.
EXPERIENCED finisher after machine; also
an experienced operator on body ironer;
hours 7:30 to 5:30 p. m. Standard Shirt Fac-
tory, corner Gough and Grove sts.
YOUNG girl to assist In general housework:
wages $12 to $13. Call In afternoon after 3
! o'clock nt 1330 Pierce st., near O'Farrell.
WANTED— Experienced underskirt operators to
work In factory. ZUCKBRMAN 4 CO., 523
Market St., rooms 8 and 9.
WANTED— Four girls for light upstairs work
and rooking. 530 Pacific st.
WANTED— First-class hands nn skirts. BCHIM-
MEL & STOVER. 408 Sutter st.
$8 TO $10— Girl or middle-aged woman for light
housework. 2418 San Bruno road. cor. Silver.
GENTEEL girl for general housework: no
washing or window washing; good home.
Apply 1880 Ninth aye., East Oakland.
WANTED— Two ladles; Inside work; good pay;
cull soon. 47?'. Thirteenth st., Oakland.
EXPERIENCED operators on shirts and over-
alls. HEYNEMANN & CO., 410V4 Mission st.
WANTED Good hands to work on alterations;
cloaks and suit?; only first-class need apply.
F. MESSAGER'B cloak store, 145 Post st.
TAILOREBSES to work on pants; good wages.
803 Montgomery Bt.. top floor, room 6.
APPRENTICES wanted on custom vests. BE-
LASCO A HARRIS CO., 541 Market st.
YOUNG lady, learn retouching; x '»1 pay wh<-n
proficient; Instrue. 6 weeks $10. Box 2462, Call.
GOOD waitress wanted; $6 60 a week. 631
Clay st.
WANTED— for light housework. 3087
Washington st.
PATTERNS! Patterns! Patterns!— Come and
examine the McDowell Drafting System,
which has received the highest awards at the
World's Fair and gold medal at the Midwin-
ter Exposition: used by all the leading ladles'
tailors nnd dressmakers In this country and
in Europe: feather-boning taught; patterns
cut: satisfaction guaranteed; terms easy.
MCDOWELL, 103 Post st.
LADIES wanted throughout the State to sell
the Samson Corset Strengthened. Apply
SAMSON MFG. CO., 420 Montgomery, rm. 20.
GOOD sewers to work In factory and at home
on children's and ladles' underwear. BAUER
BROS. CO.. 21 Sansome st.
WANTED— Experienced sheepskin glove mak-
ers. F. G. CONKLIX & CO.. 413 Sacramento.
HELP WAXTED-FEMALE.
LADY wanted to assist in light housework;
good home and fair pay for right party. 116
Taylor St., after 12 p. m., for this week.
LADIES to learn embroidery; something new
and profitable: classes formed. 70S Ellis st.
GIRL for general housework; wages $20. Ap-
ply _■! 1 Mason 6t.
WANTED— Girl for general housework; $20.
2912 Clay st.
WANTED- for cooking and general house-
work; wages $20. 1803 Sutter st.
APPRENTICES on shirts and overalls: paid
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory,
Gough and Grove sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
LADIES' cloaks, suit. $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co.. 1306 Stockton, nr. Broadway.
A WEEK'S news for 5 The.Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
MURRAY .v READY PHONE MAIN 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT 7 A. M. MONDAY...,
BIG WAGES REDUCED R. R. FARES
For 2.". common laborers, do experience re-
quired, |30 and found, for a large sawmill
and lumber company, south, ship Monday.
MECHANICAL HELP
Blacksmith, Shop, Santa Clara C 0. .540 and fd.
Ranch blacksmith..... $30 and found
Mai neasmaker Wheelwright
4 carpenters, "> hours' work $3 flay
2 more stonemasons $3 50 day
Ranch blacksmith and run small engine
Laborers Teamsters
6 pick and shovel men, city work...sl 75 day
Laborers and teamsters, R. R. work
Rock and grading foreman $3 day
Orchard, farm and dairy help
IS plow t"arnFtcrs and farm hands, $28 and $30
Orchard hands $20 and $25
6 milkers $25 and $30
Choreman, dairy $20 and found
Choremen and boys $20, $15 and $10
Stablemen, buggy washers -$30
10 laborers, quarry work $2 day
Farmers and wives milkers and wives
Drillers $30 and found
50 woodchoppera and tie makers
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
WE PAY FARE) SHIP MONDAY
To the sawmills and woods, north, laborers.
barkers, crosscut sawyers, edgennen, etc.,
$26 to $40 and found; also '. ••
10 jackscrewers *35 and found
6 crosscut sawyers, $30, and barkers, $30 and
found, see boss here. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st. -
GROCERY clerk; country mercahndlse store;
single man; references required: $50. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
HOTEL AND RESTAURANT HELP
Cake and pastry baker, Oregon $50 and fd.
Night cook, mine boarding house.. s3s and fd.
Third cook, mine boarding house.. and fd.
8 hotel and restaurant cooks, ?30 to $60; snort-
order cook and wait table $8 week
Piano player, saloon, $30 porters, country;
polishers, ' starchers and lroners, country: 8
Walters. $25 and $30; elevator boys, dishwash-
ers, etc. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 638
Clay st. .
C. R. HANSEX & CO 104 GEARY ST.
Hotel manager, single man preferred; cook
and assistant, email country hotel, $75; meat
and pastry cook, country hotel, $75; baiter
and pastry cook, hotel, $40; cook, company
boarding house, $40; 2 waiters, country hotels,
$23; pastry man, $20; pot wasT\er, $20. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
TEAMSTERS for the Coast Road, free fare;
stonemasons. Coast Road, $3 60 a day, free
fare; woodsmen, $25 to $35 and fare advanced;
orchard farmers, ISO and found; farmers. $<.8
and board; man and wife for private place,
country, MO, see party hero. C. R. HANsEX
& CO., 104 Geary st.
HEAD laundryman who can mark and dis-
tribute and Iron for a hand laundry, country
hotel: $35 and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary Ft. _____
NURSE for an institution, country, $30 and
found; apply to-day, Sunday, at 9:30 a. m.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
organized. union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Secy.. 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive T'r.ion— Free employ-
ment. 11. Bernard, sec.. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
GOVERNMENT positions— Don't prepare
for any civil service or census examination
■without seeing our catalogue of Information.
Sent free. Columbian Correspondence College,
Washington, D- C. ■
MEN of limited means wishing to go into busi-
ness for themselves, to engage in legitimate
business. CRAWFORD, Esmond House,
Sixth and Mission, Monday bet. 10 and 2.
GOOD dishwasher wanted; wages $20 to $25
per month, 1300 Turk .st. ■___
WANTED— Good tailor on : custom coats;
steady work. Please Inquire 233-235 Third st.
TREASURER for traveling theatrical com-
pany; must invest .$300; rare . opportunity.
Box*- 2960, Call office. ■
YOUNG, energetic and reliable salesman to
canvass city or country trader millinery pre-
ferred: references required. Box 2533. Call.
COATMAKER to go to country; steady work.
Call DETMER WOOLEN CO. 11 Sansome st.
Dishwashers- and waiter. 25 Tay-
lor st. ,
WANTED— Two good cabinet-makers. WM.
BATEMAN, g3S.Folsom st.
WANTED.. Second cook at HE ALKY'S restau-
rant, 1119 Market st., between Seventh and
Eighth. . .
VEGETABLE man wanted. 631 Clay st.
GOOD cook wanted at 369 Hayes St. • • .
WORK for yourself; I : will start, you: make
$100 monthly; particulars- .with goods, $2.
Address A, Call office. San' Jose. ■
WANTED— men for office work; steady
employment; good pay 916 Market St., r. 81.
600 PAIRS men's shoer, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St., bet. Ist: and 2d Bts.
MEN and women everywhere to look after spe-
cial work: advancement after 26 days; salary
and commission; permanent. Address Dept.
Kl. The Werner Company. Akron. Ohio. •
MAN to do Janitor work for his tuition at' S.
F. Barber College. 741 A Howard st. •
BUTCHER wanted; a young man for cutting
and route; steady. Kentucky Market, 1512
Kentucky st. i .
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks .-'re-
quired: constant practice; expert Instruction;
lectures on dermatology; Saturday .wages;
call or write for free Illustrated catalogue.
MOI ER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 685 Clay st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.: 150 large
rooms; 2."c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmorr st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c. to
60c. 662 Mission st., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 15c breakfast,
dinner or supper; best In city. 406 McAllister
St.. near Polk. ■ •
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO. attor-
— — neys, Hearst bldg. Third and Market.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash, prices,
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO., 115 Kearny.
BAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
2CO SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c, 15c nnd 26a
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard; read. rm.
TRY Acme House, 967 Market, St., below Sixth,
for a room; -.*<• a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 2'c night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions his been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open till 5 p.m.
CHEAPEST and bent In America— The .Weekly
Call. 16 pages, pent to any address in the
United Stntes, postpaid, for $1 per year.
HORSES,' LITE STOCK, Xtc — For Sale
AUCTION Tuesday 11 o'clock, Ormonde
Stable, 1317 Mission st., of 40 horses direct
from the country; all well broke. S WAT-
KINS, Auctioneer. . ' .
, 50 HEAD fine drnft and driving horses at 16*1
find 1625 Market St.. between- Twelfth arid
Brady; also some fine matched black teams.
LOOK out for the- big Eale of horses Tuesday.
I 1 S_??J& T _', O " II __»« Stable, 1517 Mission st.
S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
40 HORSES for rale; also Wagon, buggies
carts, harness. Grand Arcade' Horse Mark»t.
Sv-wV-Vy- : /";,; :YT.r n 'T,,^no w . dne '^ y -
HOUSES LODGING FOR SALE;
KKr: . .."7T7TT7r?.22>_ Geary s_
Money to Loan at Low 'Rates
24 rooms; good furniture; clears $100 a month;
a bargain; for $1100. . .
JSSO-23 ROOMS; 1 block from Market; clears
$90 to $100 month. KREDO & CO., 22' : Geary.
$500—11 ROOMS: near Post; cheap rent: fine
house; clears $30. KREDO £- CO., -:'■_■ Geary.
$450—i:. ROOMS; Grant aye.; fine transient;
good location; clears $75. KREDO & CO.;
$300—11 ROOMS: Geary st.; worth $500; must
'II; a snap. KREDO & CO. .■ '
ROOMING house: centrally located; cause sal*
sickness. COWING & CO.. 995. Market st.
$200— WANTED, partner In good paying lodg-
Ing house. 105 New Montgomery st.
BARGAIN; must be sold; Philadelphia House.
421 Bush ski 48 rooms; 40 fur.; gas and water.r Horses m i.f.t.
.\- -PRINTED lict! house? to"~iotT"sTnd^foTcir^
g cular.-.G.^ H.'.UMBSEN; _ CO.I M Montgomery.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 MARKET ST
HOUSES. , FLATS
Jiw n ro a Jw ' a >". 9 r.WO l. r Pine, 6 r..l $30
1 l" 1^. « r ...SSO 1355 Howard. C r.'.'Sl
,I ! .MH mo . nt - " «-.-•?_ 1688 Post, r, r tit
r »-'! ■" n r > '«"?3_«_r___j__
«52£ M J/i n u Wl mcclcrn, $25; near Hu.-hanan~ar7l
ikTr"" ,'" ---V « ' vlll mU: jriXl casl - Blanco
klike trent.-vrHE j MCCARTHY, CO-Ti 648 -Market!
HOUSE hunting made easy with thelprinted
llo B MS^eryXy^y^ & "OWELL.
r '?7« H i? rSE , of ,i rc " ims; Brand_vlew; to a small
m family; only.t<_ j Fremont jßt.-;! near Harrison.
$•_- DE BOOM. 22. nff FeeondTnear nrlm^ll
. rfon-.s and Imthj new!;,- t.aper.'d and pointed.
HYPNOTISM.
I i l -4 T ' :i , ) T AUr> PiSCHKU; rer.owned hypnotist
ruin,,,,,;.,; ..-n.h.-. th« ■■.:■; U? S'.xth
LOST ANHji-'OrNIJ.
fcTRAYRIi cr stc'.en-One dark-coioredf Jersey
J^h'nu^AN^pr^ia.o! lol^ 0 COL-
L«'ST La.ly's Ko ld watch; Mnrket,"" from
Fourth to Pisth. Frlrtny ev.?n::-s; reward.
13 ■ j Natoma st.. near Fourteenth.
LOST-Hlach spaniel Tuesday evening; reward;
to ROXNETI3. Fourteenth ?i Mission!
LOST— 6ti Hernanl bitch; oransecoiorT ßewaTd
at S3.;; Clay ?t.
LOST on Oakland ferry bont-Hursr cr.ntnln-
liif, money and slov^s. p.t>t\trn to 2:^.7 Twenty-
fourth st.: reward.
MEDICAI..
MRs. DR. WTETHJ ladles'J physic Ta n; J consul
tA-.i'-n free; hoir.e for pntients in confinement
cr with chronic diseases; guaranteed treat-
ment at office, $j. 1>42 Post tt.. between Hyde
ant! Larkln; hours. 10 to 5. 7 to 8.
PRIVATE homo for patients in confinement or
chrcnii- diseases, with best possible can-.
MRS. DR. GWYER. no Eddy st.. bet. Hyde
en». Lai-kin. Office hours— lo to 12, 2to 4 an.
7 to *.
PRIVATE conflnoment home; sunny rooms;
best of care; nice sard*n; medicated steam
baths for ladles. DR. and MRS. WEGENER,
il phone Pine 2781: res. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. POPPER, ladies' practical physician for
c 7 yours; call on physician with man's knowl-
edge; cure $r>; can be sent and u«ed at hoir.e.
3iS Kearny; consultation free.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' physician, 1122 Mar-
ket st.. bet. Mason and Taylor; guaranteed
treatment at oflW, $8; hours 9a. m. to ap. m.
liR. WISE, the ladies' specialist. HIS Market
st.; every cas-c guaranteed; $5 up.
HOME In confinement: treatment $*. ; consulta-
tlm free. MRS. ALLEN. 22S VUI Ness aye.
11R. G. W. O'DONNKLL. the world-renowned
Indies' specialist. 1023% Market st.
MRS. DR DAVIES. ladies' physician. 1224
Market st, b.-t Taylor and June?.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
efiffgi of th--> human )H"!y. m Mweon Ft.
MINES -\:» MINING.
MAN with tools wants to make sheetiron water
pipe and other iron work on the ground. W.
8., 77 Shipley St.. San Francisco.
MISCELLANEOUS-— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH _ WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new anJ second-
h»nd. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
St.. above Sixth
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 10C3 Mission st.
A BKAUTIFUL pair genuine Lomair opera
glasses for S5; worth |15. UNCLE HARRIS.
10 Grunt aye.
FOR pale; apply CALIFORNIA BARREL CO.,
K7 Market st.— l Corliss engine, 18-lnch .liam-
ett-r cylinder and 36-inch stroke, complete
with flywheel and driving pulley; all in good
r.rdei\
BEAUTIFULLY marked pedigreed St. Bernard
puppies; rea_onatle. Presidio Kennels, 3313
Clay st.
FOR sale-Great Dane pups. MRS. a: we,
(/banning way, bet. Fourth and Fifth Ets., j
VWest Berkeley^ I
FULL-BLOOD Esquimau dog: 6 months old. I
Inquire 105 Juniper St., oft Harrison, bet.
Tenth ami Eleventh.
JIS— WHITE sewing machine: 5 drawers; good
as. nt-w. lfic Mission st. near Fifteenth.
EDISON Concert Phonograph, price reduced to i
$100; concert records. $2 50. BACIGALUPI, j
023 llarket St., San Francisco. |
FOR Ctr'.strr.as presents call on JAS. A. SOR- j
ENSEN, reliable jeweler, 103 Sixth st., below
S\ Mission. A ;- ■
THOROUGHBRED Newfoundland pups: als-o
fine talking parrot. 156 Tehama St.. oft Thira. '
CREAM of Irish setter blood; prices reason-
able. Glenmore Kennc-ls, 2041 Linden, Oakland.
BOILERS, engines, nrtll presses, planers, lathes,
iron „. wood; 2d hand. J. BURKE. 12'> Beale.
TWOrSTORY new building to be removed on ■
account of Santa Fe depot. 21 Bryant Et.. ,
near Main. \
CLOSING out of 3CO new and ! I hand heaters |
and ranges; from $1 up. 213 Fourth st.
t-AFEK— New and second for banks, merchants,
eteamerp. residences; portable safety boxes;
specie chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc The
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market Ft.. 5. F., Cal.
FRESH snowballs— "T. Carr" and all brands
English fire brick, fire clay, btickdust. P. R.
CHURCH. 307 Pansorr.e ft.; tel. Main MM.
i HOISTING engines, 3 Ft-amers. 5 locomotives,
110 cars and all machinery used on Eureka
Breakwater. J. B. .TARDINE. 220 Fremont.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. IT S. White, 516 Mission.
__ .
BUTB, pells, rents gear machinery, boilers, !
water pipe: new. 2d-har.il. Whltelaw,_l6 Spear.
A— 13 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $175. Pop- !
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny Bt., near Pine.
DESKS, of lice and card tables: desks repaired
cr exchanged; furn. bought. 144 Stockton St.
IHJ. CR—ELTTS C. P. Worm Pills; by all drug-
gists, or Dog Hospital, 510 Golden Gate aye.
FAFF?— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
ijRESS rants, $2 75; fine suit, $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st.
HARP. "■re. shelving, showcaees bought and
p>-ld. EIHEN. 111S Mission: tel. Jeyie ma.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
1 WILL pay 3c each for quart claret bottles;
Ho<-ks, 4c; Fauternes, 4c Call or address C.
3J. MANN. 220 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Good 12-gauge shotgun; cheap;
state price. S. 8., box 871, Call office. ;
— Attention to farmers; any qunntitv j
of olives will be bought. A. DETOY, 324
Clementina. gt.. S. F. ]
HIGHEST price paid for old feather beds and
pillows; send postal. CHARLES LEWI3. 611 |
Ur.lon st. I
■WANTED— To hire 100 first-class scraper teams I
with harness andpead bars; long Job. E. B.
STONE. Khnhun-t.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re- |
moval, or any other good security; payable
back In Installments or as a whole; If you j
ewe a 1 lI un i on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry, the lean an long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity ; see us first; j
you will b» waited upon quietly and quickly.
Coll ««-«9 Dpnohoe bldg, 1170 Market st.
ANY proposition; any amount; « p»r cent; first,
eecond mortgage*, estates In probate, Interest
In estates, legacies, life Insurance; chattel I
mortgages; confidential ; advice free. O. E.
OLSKN. room X, first floor. Chronicle bldg.
1/lA.VS on furniture or piano* In S. F.. Oak- I
[and or Alameda at lowest rates, without |
removal: no commission ; no delays. J. i
NAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above j
Sixth; telephone South 14.
AVOID delays; try all others, then see me; $50 to
$ICO.COG; <> per cent; Int. 2_ or chattel mort-
gages; estates In probate, undivided Interests In
estates legacies and mortgages bought; advice
and money fiirniKhed. P. A. Pol an. 63g Markt. |
ANY amount at i per cent; Ist, 2- and '■■■ mort-
gage.", undivided interests, real estate in pro- (
hate- ' mortgages and legacies bought; ;io de- ;
taV '*-! my terms before doing buslne«* else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 2t Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable ad private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and .'en--
e!rv at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry I
Utore E4« Market St.; telephone Main 1044;
I, ran 19 Third ''
iN real , m'», Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal: any amount:
10w,., raten. BECKER. 2- Montgomery st.
a.VY aniount by prlvßts party on furniture nnd j
pianos- no removal; low rates; confidential. ;
BONELLI, Conservatory b!dg.. ISO Powell H.
• ASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out !n<ior.»er: ftlso on diamonds, watches and
Jewelry. RELL, COS Examiner bldr.
AT 12G Kearny, room 9. a respectable «nd pri-
vate place to borrow money on watches, dia-
monds, etc.; lowest rates: take elevator.
TO salaried men; without collateral or in-
doreer. B. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan big.
WfO TO loan on furniture and pianos at 2 per
cent. WINSTON & CO.. 1028 Market st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without Indorser. TOUSLEY, 430 r.irrott big.
ALL propositions small or large; salaries;
rents. KLOTH. 220 California St., room 7.
A RELIABLE place to borrow money on dia-
monds. Jewelry. W. .7. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth.
JTO TO (50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortgs :
any proposition. PRYDEN, 113 .Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 11R McAllister st.
IF your prorerty Is niortcntred and you need
more money s»e H. MURPHY. '•< Market Ft.
HONEY WANTED.
$?COO— WANTED, a lean for I years nt 7 per
rent IV restionslble ties; will Bive lm-
proved*t business property as urity. Ad-
,lr^« bn* 7547. Call nfflre. ■ ■ i i-:. "■ !
MUSICAL INSTRUCTION. «'
PROF KAKIAKA, the well-known humorist,
will Rive h!a sen-Ices free for rtainments.
Address Lex 2432. Call oftlco.
Musical instruments.
ONLY a few more "special sale" pianos left at
MAUVAIS'. 7'tt Market -*•
THEt-best of the besty is the "Docker & Son" ;
established in IKS. Sod by MAI \ AIS. iS9 ■
Market st.
"OLTMPIA'J Music Rr.Tes are bought by peo-
ple who want the best. ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 7'".9 Market at., sole aseius. j
ASlwelarel^llinG good uj.rtght pianos for $5 i
cash nn.! $6 per month; «V« ask you to investi-
gate an.l approve this methftd; price* tare the
some a" If purchased for all cash; bargains
in cood second-band uprights upon same easy
rnvtreim nnd some good pianos for «. $4 and |
EJwMmonih. 'SHKRMAN. CLAY _ CO..
Pteinway dealers, corner Kcarr.y Mid Sutter
rt« ' Pan Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
iIiSfILUTELTr the oldest and lagest houaa j
'vest cf' Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
2* 2S and CO trrell St.: pianos, organs and
ail other musical instruments r.f ail grades ;
end prices: terms easy; rices 1 west; every-
tl'-ine ro«sible done to please and satisfy the '
customer.
,
KNABEi Pianos; n»w scale; new styles. KOH-
i.KR &• CHASE. 30 O'Farrell St.
NEWi pianos at factory prices; Harelton and
* others- used pianos cheapest in the city;
Btelnway. Docker. Chase. Ilardman, etc.:
squares. $25 up. THE J. I EVTINO CO., 2d j
floor. Flood building.
CLOSINGIout a lot of second-hand pianoa on
storage at auction prices: cheap for cash, i
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market st.
LARGKiatock of Baldwin an.l other standard
ninn.iß- rr!c? reduced to Insure prompt sales.
W ' O. 'HAMILTON. 324 Post *t.
A FIRST-CLASS Walnut Decker Piano, nearly
new. 'at a bargain if sold soon. 1131 McAllis- ■
ter 6^ j
FlNE ! Fischer & Btelnway upright; sacrificed.
KEEFFE"S, 1019 Van Ness aye.. ni Geary st.
THT-PrT<ThTP JG9 up; installments. $5 "■" up; |
rent >! Mup .allowed on saW,. Heine. V.* Ellis. ■
W R BADGER. 4:2 Sacramento St.. ayont for |
Francis Pac n and Hall»tt _ Davis pianos.
WANTED—I square pianos. BYRON MAU_T,
JOS Post st. . •
"4 NEW pianos to rent; $3 per mo. SCOTT-
" CURTAZ CO.. r-EO " ™ st.
GOOD upright piano, nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG. 21 <i McAllister '___ ;
B\RGAIN-C,ocd upright: cheap. SCHMITZi, 16 ;
McAllister ?t.. next Hlbernl.-i Rink. |
SOHMER, Byron Mausy and ether pianos. 30S
Post ft. — I
SUPERIOR violins, llthers. Id and new. H. j
MUI.T.ER. - ■--:■'■ 1 T.nibnm pNce. ■
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET. j
HARDIE place, 9, off Kearny at., bet. Bush i
an'! Putter— l f.'XT. 4 rooms, bath, store-room; :
also 1 r™, third floor; Just renovated; j
clea , 1/ripht. sunny, cheap; nice for small
factor**. Pro this please.
SMALL stt.rf t^ let In the country; pood loca-
tion for shoemaker. Inquire at 543 Devisa- j
dtro St.. cor. McAllister. ]
TO t.ft— ln Ocean View, small furnished drug- |
store' and office. Apply MRS. O'BYRNE, 52
P.rnad St.. Ocean View. '
TAYLOR. 21. near Market— 2 lartre stores In a '
new building. Apply to 712 Guerrero St. ;
|IH_PTORE, 3 rooms, bath. 1417 Pacific !<t., !
bet. Hyde and Larkin. I
EMMA PPRECKELS building-. P27 Market St.— j
Light, sunny offices. $12 50 to $20 per month.
MARKET, 1021%— Three large rooms, suitable j
for • Sees. J
PALMISTRY.
_r_ _ t _^ __,  r |
HAVE your life read without a question or
mistake at your own home; engagements by
phone Larkln IMB. MRP. L J
— — ZZoll^_
BACHELORS OIL COMPANY.
640 ACRES. 640 ACRES. ;
A FULL SECTION.
OWNED, NOT LKASED.
RIGHT IN THE CENTER OF THE FAMOUS
POSO OIL DISTRICT.
CAPITAL 200,^00 SHARES, $1 EACH.
75 PER CENT OF THIS IS TREASURY
STOCK.
INDORSED BY ALL RECOGNIZED
EXPERTS.
NO "WELL IN THIS DISTRICT 6"0 FEET
DEEP WITHOUT FINDING OIL IN-
PAYING QUANTITIES.
THE TIME TO MAKE MONEY IS TO BUY
FIRST EVERBODY IS MAKING
MONEY IN OIL. THIS IS YOUR
OPPORTUNITY.
TEN THOUSAND SHARES
AT BO CENTS PER SHARE
WILL BE PLACED ON THE MARKET
TUESDAY MORNING. NOVEMBER 14 1.39,
AT THE OFFICE OF THE COMPANY, 612
iIFARPT (EXAMINER) BUILDING, SAN
FRANCISCO TELEPHONE BLACK 81. OF- )
FICE OPEN FROM 9 A. M. to 8 P. ML
TIME IS MONEY. DO NOT DELAY.
IT WILL BE A MATTER OF WISDOM FOR
YOU TO INVESTIGATE OUR PROPERTY,
MANAGEMENT AND CAPITALIZATION,
REPRESENTED BY THE FOLLOWING :
WELL-KNOWN BUSINESS MEN:
OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS
S F. BARSTOW PRESIDENT
Capitalist, 810 Pine street, San Francisco.
W. I PIXLEY FIRST VICE PRESIDENT
Real Estate, Corte Madera, California.
TYREE A. BELL
..SECOND V. P. and SUPERINTENDENT
Fresno, California.
AMBROSE HARRIS SECRETARY
Investments, Hearst Bldg., San Francisco.
H L. 'GEAR ATTORNEY
310 Pine street, San Francisco.
C. A. HARMON
Harmon Lumber Co., 42 Market, St.,
Pan Francisco.
DR. E. C. TIMERMAN
1103 Broadway, Oakland.
CARL W. ELFVING
Elfving „ Seawell. Loans, Hearst Bid.,
Ban Francisco.
W E. KNOWLES
Samuel & Knowles, Real Estate, Oakland.
L J. SHUMAN
Equitable Life, Crocker Bldg., Pan Francisco.
GERMANIA TRUST CO TREASURER
FURTHER INFORMATION AND PROS-
PECTUS CAN BE OBTAINED AT THE COM-
PANY'S MAIN OFFICE. ROOM 612, HEARST:
(EXAMINER) BUILDING.
"There Is a tide In the affairs of men which,
taken nt the flood, leads on to fortune; neg- I
lected, all the voyage of our live;: Is ■ MM in
shallows."
I'EiRSONALS.
any one knowing the whereabouts of C. P. EL-
DER height 5 feet 10H inches, welpht 160
pounds brown hair, hazel eyes, wears glasses,
light mustache; postmasters take notice,;
trood news awaits him from his wife, MRS.
C. P. ELDER, 649 Howard St., San Francisco.
HEINRICK A. TIETJE— Any one knowing his
whereabouts communicate with ERNEST 11.
TIETJE. 1205 Kearny st.
GENTLEMAN would assist unencumbered
young widow; object matrimony. Address
box 2&06. Call office.
ACQUAINTANCE of intelligent young lady;
object matrimony; business scholarship fur-
nletied free. Address box 2414. Call.
WEALTHY, unincumbered widower, $76,
and lucrative business, will love and appre-
ciate gracious, sensible wife. MR. ARNOLD,
8126 Foreot aye., Chicago, 111.
LADY refined, desires to marry educated »en-
tleman from 80 to 40. Box 650, Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1899.
PERSONALS.
WEALTHY, honorable man seeks wife for
nice home n.l mother for his wee .sweet
girlie. WIDOWER, 3054 Calumet. Chicago.
LADIES— Don't fall to consult lime. Fisher
concerning your complexion; lecture Tuesday
aft.; free treatment this week. 19 Powell.
LEDERER'S Quintonica restores health to the
hair, 35c bottle; Lederer"s Foamo Shampoo has
no equal. Sc pkg. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton.
THERE Is but one Lederer, and his hairdress-
ing styles are the leaders; 23c only: fine
switches $1 up: beautiful light switches a
little higher. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
BLOOD poisoning, colored spots. mucous
patches in mouth, ulcers and si res; permanent
cum. Universal Vltaline Co., box 13, Ham-
mond, Ind.
ARTISTIC halrdresslng, 2."c; shampooing, 25c;
bairareselng and manicuring taught. Up-to-
Dnte Parlors, 1020 Market st., over Wonder.
STRICTLY private home in confinement; large
grounds. DR. FUNKS. 1416 Eighth. Alameda.
SYPHILIS positively ■;.■ i by a physician who
has made » specialty of this disease. Address
lxix 2»70. Call office.
HOUSE painting in all requirements; done
rhoap. 20 Laurel place, near First and Harri-
_ fon MS.
PRIVATE detective; work at reasonable rates;
10 years' exporlence. J. 8.. bos 2S C S. Call.
RAG carpets wove to order and or sale; also
chenille-wove nigs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine. in hank or chnln. at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 701 Fifth. Oakland.
LEADING th»atrlcal and masquerade cos-
tunaers; make-up and wigs; country orders so-
llclted. GOLDSTEIN _ CO., 733 Market St.
A. KLEIN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools and
old gold: send for him. 109 Sixth st.
ELEGANT remnants for suits, $10 75; pants,
$3 75, or overcoats, $12 50; made to order;
samples Font to interior. One Price Tailoring
Co.. 1C44 Market -t . St. Nicholas Hotel.
JOHN L. BOONK\ , Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Butter st.. Laws a Specialty.
San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Send for circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St., Tear Market: 100 rooms;
25c to $1 GO per night: $1 M) to $6 per week;
fret 'btia and baggage to and from the ferry.
SLAUGHTER In unredeemed pledges. Jewelry,
clothing, etc.. for amount loaned and inter-
est. CUT RATE LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason.
ONLY store that buys old gold. Jewelry and
ciFt-ofT thing COLEMAN'S, 508 Kearny.
BEST price for cast-off clothing and bric-a- 1
brnc. H. MARKS, 20.) Third St.; send postal. ;
JAMES A. SORENSON. watchmaker and Jew-
eler, removed to 103 Sixth 5t.. near Mission.
SUITE to order on easy Installments. r*
LEMOS. 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Bth.
DR. 1. B. WOOD; dental work In all branches:
examination free. 719 Market St., rms. 2 & 3.
PAINTING and paper hanging; rooms papered.
$2 ?0 up. JENSEN & RATH, 30* Sixth St.
MRS. L.J. WHEELOCK-has removed La Verlt*
Parlors to 1140 Market; phone Folsom 446.
MLLE. CLAIRE BERTRAND, manicure par-
lors, 23S Kearny Ft.. first floor, room 2-3.
MRP. BENNETT. 1185 Mission— Cancer cure 6
days; no knife, no caustics; references.
HIRBUTINE CO., hair specialists, grow hair
or r.o pay; book [or stamp. 8 Eddy St.
ANTIQUE ami curi<;?!ty shop: goods bought,
sold, exchanged. 521 Dup nt st.. nr. Cal.
INCRUSTATION— New Invention for china dec-
orators. Pee S. R. CHURCH, 307 Sansome Et.
LACHMAN _ CO.. mfrs. of fine furs and seal
garments: also remodeling. 104 Kearny st.
fF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
ing, call on B. COHEN. 157 Third st.
RUPTURE, stricture cored; no knife; no Injec-
tion; ruarantd. Dr. Oordln,. 614 Plne.ab.Krny. '
WANTED— O'.d rold for manufa'lng. O. Nolte.
jeweler. MS O'FarreH. bet. Powell A Mason
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
FINEST and fullest stock; square deal and I
prompt service; country orders our specialty:
catalogue free. Cal. Camera Co.. 22 Genry st.
PHYSICIANS AMI SURGICOXS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office and residence.
1021U Market Ft., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PROPEHTV WANTED.
WANTED— For cash customers. Richmond 1
lots; must be bargains. C. F. MOORE. 935 ■
Market 6t., room 6.
HOUSE and lot; near car line; $2500 cash. A. j
M. box 2415. Call office.
TIEAL ESTATE — CITY — for SALK.
E ASTON, ELDRIDGE - CO.
A NORTHEAST CORNER.
$25, 000— 0n Geary Et.. few blocks from Market;
old Improvements; rents $110.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
j0 000— On Grove St.. near Lag— m.; 3 modern
fiats on Grove Ft. and 4 on rear street;
2 frontages; lot 22:11x120 feet; rents $I>l2.
Eoo— Two new elegant modern fiats of 6 and j
9 rooms and bath; rents NO; on Webster
St., near Post; lot 22:6x&7:6 feet.
$1,000 cash, balance mortgage at 6 per cent;
2 elegant modern flats of i and 6 rooms j
nnd bath on lot 25x100. Any offer sun- i
mitted.
MISSION FLATS.
SNAP.
$4 500 REDUCED FROM $8,000.
MUST BE BOLD THIS WEEK.
Three fine well-built flats, costing '
$4500. on ttOOO lot; sire 25x120 feet; rents
$44; near Sixteenth and Howard sts.
$5,009— Belcher St., near Thirteenth; 3 modern
fiats of S, 5 and 6 rooms and bath; ram
$46; lot 25x125 feet.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENTS.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
Rented low at «45; 6 flats of 4 and 5
rooms; In good condition; all rented;
large lot 83:9x75 feet.
PATS 16 PER CENT.
$6,ooo— Six flats of 7 and 4 rooms; separate en-
trances; all In excellent condition; lot
50x75 fe«_
$I,9oo— Three flats of 8 and 4 rooms; rents til;
lot 25x75 feet; near Eighth and How-
ard Ft 9.
MUST BE SOLD.
$575. REDUCED FROM $1,250
Two lots at Intersection of boulevard
to the Cliff House and boulevard from
Presidio to Golden Gate Park, at one- j
half price asked for any lot in the '
neighborhood; lots 2. r ,x120 each; $460 can
remain on bank mortgage.
ADMINISTRATOR'S BALE.
$250— Nice lot on Duncan St., near Sanche«;
ready for building; size 25x114 feet.
$100 per foot; lot 58x114 feet, on Twenty-
third st.. near Valencia; street bi-
tumlnlzed.
HOMES
AT TOUR OWN TERMS.
$100 cash, balance same as rent; elegant
now 2-story and basement house of 5
rooms ax,d bath; porcelain tub; tile
mantels; dome ceilings: every modern
improvement; fine view; block from
electric cars.
BASTON, ELDRIDOB _ CO., 638 Market st.
qOL GETZ * BROTHER.
hu_ __* ROOM A CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
New lets, superb locations, lowest prices.
$300 to — Sunset Heights lots from Sev-
enth to Nineteenth ayes., ready to build on;
$25 down, $10 monthly.
Branch Office, Ninth aye.. near H st. Every
day and Sunday.
$400 to $700— Richmond lots, $10 monthly.
$75 to $300— Ocean Boulevard lots, $5 monthly. -
$100 to $250— Mission at. and Ocean View lots,
$5 monthly.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
SOL GETZ * BROTHER.
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
C. C. BEMIS, Real Estate and General Land
Agent, 324 Montgomery st.
Make offer— Northeast cor. Twenty-seventh
and Douglass sts.; must be sold; 80x114 feet.
$ICOO— North line Carl st., near Stanyan; Ssx
187:6 feet.
SACRIFICE; must be sold; make an offer: new
9-room house and lot 26:9x100; No. 386 Rich-
land aye.: cost $3000; less than $2000 will buy
it. BHADBURNE, 616 Sacramento st.
FOR — J-room coiy house; 9 foot 8 lnoh
basement; large lot and stable; electric cars.
223 Twenty-ninth st.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First aye.. and you wish to sell them,
call on TV. J. GUNN. 419 Montgomery St.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE. \
G. H. UMBBEN & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
M MONTGOMERY ST.
$1760.
Two nice sunny flats, near Halght and Scott
sts.; cost 85000 to build; 25x100.
$2000.
Block south of the park.
$7000— PAYS $744 PER ANNUM.
Nice location for rentlnc, in the Mission;
street work all done; 3?x96.
$2700— RENTS $312 PER ANNUM.
Pine et.; 2 flats and lot 23x137:6.
Beautiful Pacific Heights residence; lot 34:4^
_127:8_
" 14000— RENTS $360 PER ANNUM.
Near Thirteenth and Valencia sts.; 2 substan-
tial flats of 5 and 4 rooms and bath each; brick
foundation, etc.; lot 27:6 feet front.
. $3000.
Cozy Mission home; modern; Eastlake resi-
dence of 7 rooms and bath, etc.; nice garden;
Mission warm belt. - .-: 'V -'.'■■•■
$4500— RENTS $426 PER ANNUM.
Good Investment north of Market et. ; 2 new
flats ard lot near Fifteenth and Market sts.
$800 EACH AND UPWARD-INSTALLMENT
LOTS.
Richmond lots, Tenth aye., C and D sts.; ad-
jacent to the park; 23x120; SCO cash, $10 per
month, interest at 7 per cent.
— RENTS $105.
Turk-st. business property; 5 flats; 25x137:6; a
short distance from Market st.
$6730— RENTS $690 PER ANNUM.
Half cash; 3 nice new flats on Pago st; 8, 6
and 5 rooms and bath each; 2".x%.
$7000— RENTS $682 PER ANNUM.
Choice business corner; 2 stores, with living
rooms, and rial of 6 rooms and bath; large l{-t.
Choice list of building lots in every part 'of !
the city, at prices to suit.
Call a mj obtain one i f our "Re.il Estate Rec-
ords," \vrTTeh contain.- a list of properties for
Bale in all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSBN _ CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
MADISON * BURKE, Real Estate Agents,
C 26 Marker st., < pp. Palace Hotel
Established 1868.
Downtown investment — First block on Ellis
St.; will pay 7 per cent.
Brick building — Battery-st. business corner, '
near Market, In center of, wholesale district;
apply for particulars.
$12,000— St., bet. First and Seconds a
nice downtown business property.
$3500— Sutter St., near Laguna B rooms and
bath; lot 20:8x96.
$5000— Baker St., near Sacramento; 8 rooms
and bath; In perfect order; 25:6x102:6.
$3000— Minna St.. near Fourteenth; flats; rent
$23; lot 25xS0.
$10.000 — Large residence and lot; Oak St., near
Octavia: 44x120. to rear street; has a great
pr< spectlve value.
Twenty-seventh St., near Dolores; 11 ■
rooms, 2 baths; lot 25x114.
$5500 — Rent $55 per month; Shotwell-st. cor-
ner; store and flats; lot 35x90.
$2500 — Sheridan St., near Tenth and Harrison; i
flats; well rented; lot 25x100.
— — —
$3000— Glover St., near .Tone* and Broadway;
2 flats; rent $24; lot 23x60.
Castro St., near Twenty-first; fine residence; !
S rooms and t>ath; new and modern; 25x105; !
price only $4330.
$1450— Cheap home; 4 rooms; fine well of wa- I
ter; 25x65.
MADISON „ BURKE.
626 Market st., opp. Palace Hotel.
O. F. YON RHETN & CO..
BIS CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
83x56— Cohen place, off Ellis, W. of Leaven- :
worth: 8 modern flats.
137:6— Hayes st., near Flllmore; 8 flats; I
rent $P0; $13,500.
2.*xlOO— Van Ness aye.. near Pacific aye.; ;
modern 12-room house.
30x126 — Vallejo and Octavia: 2-story
bay-window residence; marine view; $8000.
20x65:9 to rear St.— Union St.. near Dupont; '
3 front and 3 rear flats: rents $64 50: $?000.
:Natoma near Sth; 6 tenements; rents
$S0: $7500.
25_T5- Hayes, near Devlsadero; 8 rooms and
bath; modern.
25xK0— Fourth St., near Harrison; store and
flat: $fiSOO; sale urgent.
(6x60 Greenwich, near Taylor; three 2-story j
houses; rents $54; $6260.
112:6x37:6x87:6— Corner Kenrny and Green-
wich: 10 2-story houses: rents $50: $6000.
22x68:9— Pacific, near Mason; house of eight
rooms and bath; 84500.
22:6x120 to rear st. — Union, near Jones; 2 flats;
rents $24; 88900.
20x120 to rear st. — Corner Green and West
End: old improvements: $2300.
2".xloO— Lyon, near Geary; cottage; $2250.
25x120 — Eleventh aye., near Lake; new cot-
tage; $2100.
22:11x68:9 — Francisco ft., near Stockton; 2- •
story house and large basement: $2000.
23x50— Auburn, near Pacific; 3-story house; ;
rents $24; $1700.
UNIMPROVED.
25x100— Florida St.. north of 18th; adjoining
Union Brewery; offer wanted.
240x150— Corner 21th and A: $8500.
L'xlH -Scott St., near Washington: 88760.
SOx7l-10— BE. corner Polk and Lombard sts.
37:4Vix137:6— Greenwich, near Polk; 82000.
260x12- >— NW. corner Fountain and 25th.
25x187:6—8. Frederick, west of Cole.
XT A M SPECK A CO.'S for good bargains.
1136 000— New building; rents 810.000 yearly.
54n iWi— Orand investment; rents $102.
$30,000— Stores and flats: rents $300.
$1600— Three flats on lot 22x".ti feet; near Pow-
ell st.; rents $18; all rented: foreclosure.
j]4 000- Three grand new flats; rents $115.
jl4'ooo— Geary St., near Mason; store and lodg- ]
ing house.
$14 500— Three elegant new flats, near Mason
Bt. ■ rented for $142; an estate; must sell.
$127 500— Three flats; new; elegant; rents $105. •
$12 »no— Store and flats: lot f.O-foot front; half
block from Taylor and Market sts.; rents $100. I
$10.500— New flats; very fine; rents $95.
$9500 -Masr>n-st. corner, with 7 flats; renting
low for $SO.
$7200— Transfer corner; store and 2 flats; mort-
gage $6200.
{Tr.ftA— Three new flats; rents about $80; near ;
Powell and Bush sts.
$8000— Post St.; 8 flats; rents $80.
$4100— elegant flats; Sutter St.; lot 27-foot j
front; very cheap.
California 6t.; S flats; rents $45.
$4500— Six nice flats; near Sixth st.; rents $16.
$2000— Flats; rents $30.
$20CO— Two flats; Mission; 10 rooms; rents $20;
lot 23x114 feet
Other bargains at A. M. SPECK _ CO.'S, 667 ;
Market St.
JOHN PFORR, removed to 403 Pine st., oppo-
site the Nevada Bank.
$4000— A snap; lot 27:6x137:6 on Fulton St., with
a 2-story house; No. 307; only a couple of blocks !
from the City Hall and Market St.; lot alone
Is worth $4500.
$30,000— Rents 13000; a mo«t centrally located I
corner property of stores and flats, with an ex- |
cellent future; nothing better In the city.
$5250— A beautiful modem-built residence, on
a prominent street, 2 blocks south of the Pan-
handle; 10 rooms; lot 26x185 to rear street; very
cheap.
$40,000— st. ; 7Bx7?:«; east of Taylor st. ;
well improved.
$30.00*— Rent $8000 per annum; fine, centrally
located property; stores and flats.
$.'SOO- -Rent $47; a splendid Investment, on
Geary St.: 3-story house; store and 2 flats. 8 j
rooms and bath each.
000— Reduced from $34,000; rent $287; Ler-
kln st., south of Geary; stores and flats; a
dead bargain.
$3850— Rent $45; Webster st., near 'vTashing- !
ton; a fine double flat; 6 rooms and bath each.
A ORAND OPPORTUNITY.
JOHANNISBERO SPRINGS -An ideal and !
prosperous summer resort, consisting of ,120 :
acres; 75 acre* under cultivation, Including 40 ■'
acres of resistant vineyard; large 2-story I
winery, with machinery and cooperage- Im- '
provements consist of main building- plenty i
of 1 to I room cottages and tents all fully !
furnished and equipped for business; full I
house every season; pays owner over 20 per
cent on Investment; books open for Inspec-
tion; resort Is located only 50 miles from San
Francisco, at the foot of Mount Veeder In
the midst of the Napa redwoods, 6 mil** mm '■
of Oakvllle railroad station; large lake min-
eral springs, beautiful canyons and scenery-
this charming place was formerly owned by
Dr. J. A. Bauer, and cost former owner over I
$30.C00; must be rented or sold for a third nf
Its cost, on account of immediate departure nf
owner to Europe; capitalist's chance- an offer
wanted. For particulars and photog'ranh. in
quire of A. M. BPBC- _ CO., « . Market ,t
A WORKWOMAN'S CHANCE. " T
$12 a month, with 6 months time In c_»* of
sickness, buys a new 4-room cottage and lnt ••
blocks from 22d-st. cars. S Md lot> *
OSCAR HPTTMAN, 14 Post st.
COTTAGE IN WARM BELT. ■ ~ ~" '
$2200, in $20 monthly payments, buys a new
cottage of 6 rooms and bath, havin* nil ihl
latest Improvements; lot 25x104, on north side of
21st St.; street bltumlnired. Blae or
OSCAR HETMAN. 14 Post st.
$12 M A MONTH buys 18 fine large building
lots. inculding 2 corners, right in Ocean View
1 block from the electric cars; will make _
fine chicken ranch, dairy or nursery
OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Poet St.
SOME BARGAINS AT $8 A MONTH. " —
$5 a month buys a $360 lot on 14th aye in
Sunset Heights. "
$6 a month buys a $250 lot, Mi block from 18th-
st. cars.
$5 a month buys a $300 lot, 2 blocks from 22_
st. cars.
$5 a month buys a fine Investment lot on 19th
aye., near Point Lobos.
OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Poet st.
FOR sale or exchange— Building on Valencia
St., consisting of 2 flats and 2 stores; 8 years'
lease; bargain. GEO. W. H. PATTERSON _
CO.. 1706 Market st.
PINE-Bt. flats and lot 2SxIJ7:6; will be- sold
. very cheap. Box 2469, Call office*
HK.VL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
$6250— Rent JO3 £0; Mason St., near Sacramen-
to; corner lot, with Improvements consisting of
flats, alway.s rented.
$1,1." •>- -Chenery st., near Roanoke; S. F. & S.
M. electric cars on Chenery st. ; store and 3
rooms; lot LT)XI2S.
$3400— Twenty-third «<t.. near Sanchez; 2 flats
of 5 and 6 rooms and bath each; rent $32; lot
2BxN.
J2oH— Rent ?3 f i; 2 flats of 5 rooms and bath
each; Clinton Park, near Dolor?:; St.; lot 2.'.x75.
$7800 Best business portion of Vallejo st. ;
store and ': flitts of :. rooms and bath each,
above; r-T.t $.> ; all rented.
12100— Sacramento st.. near Powell; 2-story
house of 7 rooms; corner lot: .10x48.
$15, -Rent jr !r '; ne;ir the corner of Leaven-
worth and Bills sts.; larg-e lot. SOxGO; improve-
ments consist .f B II. its of 4 and S rooms each.
■Twenty-sixth Bt. near Mission; large
2-story building c.mtaining 30 rooms, baths,
etc.; large lot, 18:4x160; mortgage of $4500 can
remain; suitable for hotel and lodging house.
86000— Valencia st., near Twentieth; lot 25x90,
with a 2-story house of 8 rooms and bath.
$97.-,o— Haight St.. not far from Market; 3
modern bay-window flats of 6, 7 and 7 rooms,
etc.. each; rent, 187 50; lot 25x100; all rented.
$12/00— Rent V.QO: Shrader st.. close to Wn!-
ler; lot 40x106:3; new improvements, consisting
of flats of "1 and 6 rooms and bath each,
$2660— Twenty-third st.. near San^hes; ftew
2-story and basement house of 6 rooms and
bath.
SsSoo— Bddy-st. corner; I modern flats, con-
taining r> and G rooms; rent $4r..
$1500— Two-story hi use or I rooms and bath;
Eddy st., near HrrdTlck.
$6500— Clayton st.. near the park; handsome
new 2-story a»d attic building, containing 2
flats of 6 and S rooms and both, etc.; rent $60
large lot.
$2000— Twelfth aye., bet. X and L ste. : cot-
tage, 5 rooms, bath, etc.; lot 16x120.
$;("r.o— Sunnier tit.. n»«r Clementina; 3 flits of
3. 4 and 5 room*; rent 88S.
841,000— Best block on Mission st. ; lot SOxioo.
with Improvements, consisting of store and
g housf of rooms above; rent $232 50.
Si >,(.ki|j_ Valencia Ft.. near Twenty-second;
large lot, .s ri xlo6, through to Ban Joee aye.,
with improvements consisting of 3 cottages;
great bargain; sold to close an estate.
$14,000— Rent $12' i; Fourth st., near Fols^m;
lot has 40 feet frontage; improvements. 4-story
building, containing 2 storeß and 20 rooms
above.
$1600— State Bt., near Douglass; lot has 52 feet
frontage; improvements, cottage of 4 rooms and
bath.
88300— Jones st., near Filbert: 2-Ftory house of
8 roums nnd bath.
$6000— Howard St., near Seventh; lot 25x90.
with Improvements consisting of a store; rent
$3750— Filbert St.. near Webster; lot 87:6x120
through to rear strpet, with a house of 7
rooms and hath.
I.iirp" lot, 7."x114; partially Improved
with four Hats of 4 and 5 rooms each; Twenty-
fiftli St.. near Castro.
Clementina St., n^ar Eighth; S flats in
gr,,vl condition, rcntlnp for $37 80.
$15,000 Rent $133 net; Washington St.. npar
Stockton; 3-story nnd basement Lrick building,
containing 6 stores and 2 floors above; all rented
to one tenant; lot 3*)x7».
(8000 Fifteenth aye., near Clement St.; new
2-story house, containing 6 large rooms, bath,
etc.; lot 2'.x127:6; easy terms.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
in Montgomery St.
M'AFEE BROTHERS,
10S Montgomery st., San Francisco.
VERY CHEAP.
G-ocd sunny home of 7 rooms on Webster st., !
In W. A. ; price has been reduced to $SrOo to I
make quick sale; It's a bargain.
RENTS $85— PRICE %*"<).
Three fine flats In the Panhandle district; al-
ways rent«d, lot 2,"\ 137:6.
A BUILDING LOT.
In Presidio Heights, on Washington, near
Spruce. 60x102:8; marine view; price asked,
must be sold Immediately.
MISSION LOTS.
Guerrero, Dolores and Liberty sts. lots, from
$7. r . to $90 per front foot; send for plat.
A FINE HOME ON PACIFIC HEIGHTS.
13 rooms; on north side of street, with ma-
rine view; lot 38:10x137:6; $13,000.
MINNA ST. -$4750.
Three fin« flats on Minna st.. near Ninth;
rented for $47 monthly; a good, safe buy.
FOR BLACKSMITH.
Lot on Mission. m>ar Twelfth; 40xlTT:R; old
Improvements; will be Fold cheap; offerwanted.
MISSION COTTAGER.
Call for list of cottages In all parts of the
Mission; from $l"i 00 upward; easy terms If de-
Plred.
SEND FOR om LIST OF
PRESIDIO HEIQHTS LOTS.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS T.OTP.
M'AFEE BROTHERS. M'AFEE BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery street, San Francisco.
SO ITT & HARRIS.
IS PO*?T STREET.
$12.*0— Only }5.",0 reQ.ulr*<l. talance at 6 per
cent; Z flats n^ar Pacific and Taylor sts.; al-
ways rented for $14. This is a good bargain.
82500 — Cozy new cottage in the warm belt. 23d,
n«>ar Dolores: 0 room? and bath; nice garden.
$2600 Brand new, finely finished home on
T« '-nty-seventh St., near Suncluz: a fine home
for llttlp money; see this; can pay in instaJl-
m'Tts if Dreferred.
$2600— Two Oats on Twenty-third st., n»ar
Rhode Island; 25x100; rent wall; a good lnvest-
ment.
■ A bargain; 2 nice flats on I'nlon St.,
near Hyde; both rented for $24 50; can pay
part, balance mortgage.
j,',;.-,0-_A gov>d chance for good property: 2 up-
te flats on Frederick St.. near Masonic
aye. ; rent $55.
17500 — « flats on sunny side of Silver St., near
8d; rent $80; this is an excellent Investment in
the heart of town.
■. at this valuable lot on Folsr.m st..
neai ISth T."x122:6; this is best value for the
money SCOTT & HARRIS,
IS Post st.
FOR BALE RY
HAWKS & SKELTON, 321 Montgomery st.
$8000 —Modern house. Goush St.. 8 r'Wins and
finished attic ana basement, tiling, etc.; view
of bay.
$751 x1 — Rcott St., rear Union; fine bay view; 8
rooms and attic; new and artistic.
$3000 — Cottage In warm belt of Mission; 5
rooms and bath: high basement; choice for
flowerr; moke offer and get a bargain.
$3r>oo— NW. cor. I^arkin and Ch^s-tnut sts.; 37
xl"!': fine view; cars In one block.
$lftoo_i^t 8 adjolnlnir above, 27x139.
jg-,00 — SV. cor. Vallejo and Pierce pts: 45x112.
$2<!oo— Cor. Fllt^cnth. near Valencia; choice
for flats: light for every, room.
}2iXtO— Corner lot; Montgomery aye. and Tay-
lor (it. : very cheap: will double your money.
ft.nw — lx>t; Jackson st.. west of Walnut; fine
view of bay and mountains: close to cars and
entrr.nce to Presidio; will divide.
IXso9— Lota £>. side Chestnut, near Stockton;
street accepted; very cheap.
HAWKS A SKELTON.
821 Montgomery st
$150 IB all It will cost yOu for a new 4-room
and bath house, located on Courtland aye.,
clos* to electric cars: streets sewered and
graded For further particulars call on JA-
COR HEYMAN, IS Montgomeryjsr
PARK lots for sale from $100 up; buy while
property is cheap; $75; 100x120; near electric
road, san M»teo County. Jacob heyman,
1!> Montgomery st.
$100 18 all that it will co«<t you for a now 4-
room and bath cottage on the Alvln Tract,
with corner lot 50x12."> fronting Elmhurst
railroad stutfon, near Oakland. JACOB HEY-
MAN, 19 Montgomery
LOTS for sale In the Heyman Tract on $10
monthly Installments: streets graded and
sewered. JACOB HEYMAN, 19 Montgomery. I
$7^ooo— A CHOICE purchase on Ellis st., near ;
$4000"-' Rents $4fi; 4 flats on Florida St.; new
building: mortgage can remain.
$3300— Rents $4ft; bnrgaln on Valle.io st., n»«r
$2«no'-Marlpoga St.. near Sixteenth; 6 rooms
and bath; all in good order.
$18!>— Price reduced; great bargain; corner
lot in I^akevlew; cloee to cart.
$100 ca«h. balance easy terms; oozy home.
McETWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery- st.
$I2O<V FINE business and residence lot 29xlW
en Point Lobos. next corner First aye. ; re-
duced from $1800; ea.»y terms. Address R.,
box 114, Call office.
$ls 000—100 ACRES garden land on Mission road,
near Colma: grand investment. Address R,,
box 114, Call office.
$77~EACH^Chotce level lots 26x120 at Ocean
View. Address R.. box 114. Call office.
$3250 BUYS $f.OOO equity; 4 flats, store; near j
Sixth st.; 7 per cent net: $3000; \-ery rare 1
chance. GEHRINQ, 214 Pine st.. room 64.
$860-A SNAP: 276 feet south of H St., on Tenth
aye.; lot 2r>xl2o. Address F. EARLY, Peta-
luma. __^_____________
PROBATE BAM
TUEBOAY, NOV. 14. 1899. AT 12 O'CLOCK.
At Salesrooms of
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEB * CO., Nos. 213-220
Montgomery at.. Mills building.
ESTATE OF ELIJAH PRICE.
HARRISON-ST. FLATS.
9R2-9S2H Harrison St., northwest line, BS;£
northeast of Sixth St.; lot S4:8x80; 2 flats of 5
rooms each; rents $12 each; total, $24.
MISSION-PT. STORE PROPERTY.
2525-2525H Mission St., ea*t line, 195 feet north
of Twenty-fifth St.: lot 26x115 feet; store and
flat of 6 rooms and bath; rents, store $16, flat
$1S; total $33.
$900 FOR new house of s rooms and lot 60x100,
In Oakland ■ terms $200 cash, balance W per
month; lot and house cost $1200. Inquire WM.
HTCNDRTCKSON & CO.. 614 Call building.
$3400— MODERN 6-room cottage on bitumlnized
street: lot 26x180; also a larre 7-room house
on Pierce St., near Haight; houses botlt to
suit purchases; easy terms. Inquire on prem-
ises. F. NELSON. Builder. I
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY Sale j
$3500— New modern house; Oakland; central;
make offer; or will take half in country lands
or unimproved lots. .
S3oOo— Modern, new 2-story Berkeley residence;
very best location; half in orchard or grain
land, balance long time; or exchange for city
residence of equal value.
$2.'00— 106 acres, 40 miles from San Francisco.
3 miles from station; 12 acres cleared, balance
timber; all on time if purchaser will improve. j
For rent— so acres, Santa Cruz Mountains, 2."> j
acres bearing orchard; cottage and outbuild-
ings; wood and water; low rent to right party.
W. G. GRIFFITH, room 311. Hearst building.
ANNOUNCEMENT.
We desire to call the attention of intending
buyers of country lands to some bargains in in-
come producing orchard, vineyard, grain and
stock farms, many of which are bank fore-
closures that we have for sale. Our Mr. Bush,
having had forty rears' knowledge and experi-
ence of the value of lands and being the owner
of an Income-producing orchard and vineyard,
can intelligently direct Intending buyers to ih-
best lands and bargains in the State, Call or
write for what you want.
G. 11. .UJIBSEN & CO.,
David Bush, Manager Country Department.
14 MONTGOMERY STREET.
$12, REDUCED to half value; stock ranch: |
nearly 1000 »cr«««; 6 mll» from Healdsburg;
fenced: house, barn, corrals; is well watered
and enough wood to almCTt'pay for the land:
will k<»ep 2.'00 sheep or 300 cattle. Address j
H.. box 114, Call office.
$1500— -AT a saorllW to close an estate; 600 acres i
hill pasture; fruit and wood land; located on
main road, near station at Uklah. Address
R., box 114, Call office.
$1800— 'i-AfRE farm; level valley land; good
house, barn, well, etc.; n«<tr Santa Rosa.
_ Address R.. box 114, Call office.
FINE residence property in Los Gates: (use
of 9 rooms; modern conveniences; variety of
bearing trees and grapes; choice collection of
flowers; lot 50x160; 10 minutes' walk from
depot; price $2300. Inquire of F. MASON.
12088 Howard fit., or W. C. CAMPBELL, Los
Gator.
$1000-SEVEN-ACRE bearing orchard; 1«,; miles
from large railroad town; San Joaquin Coun-
ty; crop last season $600; only $250 cash re-
pulred. C. F. MOORE. 935 Market st, room 8.
HOMESTEAD abandonment; rare chance:
choice chicken ranch; fruit location: living
stream; 1 mile railroad; Napa County; only
$300. Call 531 California St., room 1.
A LOVELY home. 115 acres, on Howell Moun- i
tain, for sale; 17 acres clear: 8 acres vine-
yard; half-mile from Toland House. For fur-
ther particulars apply to MRS. H. T. WEGE-
LAND, St. Helena, Cal.
HUMBOLDT Co.— Dairy, grazing, timber lands;
bargains; no drought. 'G. H. BURCHARD,
Arcata.
MARIN Co.. 26 miles from S. F.— s4o to $S0 per
acre; choice lands in tracts of all sizes; Im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay, grain,
fruit and vegetable lands; easy terms; rail
and water transit: good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO.. rm. 27. Sth floor. Mills bljg.. S. F.
160 ACRES, Santa Clara County; part in fruit;
7-room house; bargain; $3500: terms to suit.
J. W. DONNELLY & CO.. 632 Market st.
25 ACRES land /Uklah; price $1000. 1122
Thirteenth aye., Oakland.
IS'v ACRES; must be sold: make offer; all In
bearing trees: 2 miles from Santa Clara: 10-
-room house, barn, windmill, 2 wells, all Im-
plements. 9 Geary st., room 15.
28 ACRES of choice fruit or early vegetable
land. For particulars address P. O. box 137.
Vacnvllle.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
BARGAIN; 20 acres, part fruit, stock.
Implements: near Valley Springs; going to
Europe. $5000— IS acres; all fruit; new build-
inns,; trees 6 years; St. Helena; for city, over
bay property. German-American, 34 Kearny.
SEVERAL good pieces of Eastern property:
what have you to offer? Some free and |
clear; income. National Investment Co., ill
Market St., room 201.
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
REAL estate wanted, Nov. 12. 1896; have buyer
for small fruit ranch; give location and price.
National Investment Co.. 927 Market, rm. 201.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets. Open until 9 p. m.
CLAY. 2421. near FlUmore— 2 large unfurnished
upper rooms; yard; water; rear: rent $7.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
EIGHTH, 217— Nicely furnished sunny suite for
housekeeping, $10; single rooms, $.').
FIFTH. Furnished housekeeping; 3 con-
necting, $13; also single, $5 to $7.
FOLSOM, — Sunny front bay-window room
and kitchen, bath, modern conveniences, $3
week; also 2 sunny front housekpg.. {2 50 wk.
FULTON, 218, cor. Van Kitchen, bed-
room, yard; hot and cold water; other rooms.
GEARY. Nice rooms for light housekeep-
ing; terms reasonable; furnished or unfur-
nished; walk In; upstairs.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 309— Furnished alcove
room; light housekpg.; private; no children.
GOLDEN GATE. 1110— Finely furnished parlor I
floor; separate kitchen; everything furnished. !
HAIGHT, 116—2 sunny newly furnished rooms
for housekeeping.
HOWARD. 650— Furnished room and kitchen
for housekeeping.
HOWARD, S34— Large sunny housekpg. rooms.,
single or In suites, furnished or unfurnished.
HYDE, B—2 sunny unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; references required.
HYDE. 408— Newly furnished sunny front suite,
housekeeping rooms, $20; also other rooms.
IVY aye., 234— i rooms furnished for housekeep-
ing; rent $9.
LANGTON, 25C\_. bet. Harrison and Bryant—
nice furnished rooms for housekeeping; cellar; I
private family.
LARKIN, — Clean sunny housekeeping apart-
ments; $1* to $25 per month; central.
LYON, IS2I, cor. Sacramento— 8 large sunny
rooms complete; range, stationary tubs, bath.
MISSION. 561. near Second— Two rooms, fur-
nished fcr housekeeping; also single rooms;
cheap rent.
NINTH. 20. near Market— Two sunny connect- I
ing housekeeping rooms; stove, gas water-
slo; single $5.
NOE, IBS— Two very pleasant rooms; modern; '
upper flat; gas stove; $12.
OAK, 130—2 furnished housekeeping rooms on !
sunny side to let; cheap.
OCTAVIA. 404, near Hayes— Unfurnished alcove
room and kitchen; bath, hot water, etc.
O'FARRELL. 128, near Powell— All light rooms'-
s4. Apply 16 Grant aye.
O'FARRELL, 208—3 nicely furnished house"-
keeplng rooms; very reasonable.
POST, Furnished rooms, housekeeping;
also parlors; references exchanged, v■• .=, -. .
SEVENTH, 192— One large unfurnished room;
hounekpg. rms. & suites. MRS. PRAHL. prop.
SEVENTEENTH. 3739-3 or 4 furnished" house-
keeping rooms to party; $12 or $16.
SHOTWELL. 219. nr. 16th— 2 furnished or partly
furnished housekeeping rooms. ....
SOUTH PARK. »o— One, two or three well fur-
nished housekeeping rooms; very reasonable.
SOUTH PARK, 184-2 nicely furnished rooms
for housekeeping; very convenient.
TEHAMA. 478, near Sixth— slB; 5 sunny fur-
nished rooms, kitchen complete; or 3 furnished
rooms, same, $12.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3728. near Dolores— 3 sunny
bay-window rooms, complete; new carpets.
VAN NESS. 400-8 large well furnished con- '
nectlng room*; sunny; fine yard; stationary i
tubs. I
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. . ■ -. .;■
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and I urn. j
AN up-to-date new fireproof building— "Sari
Antonio"; Opened Oct. 14; electric elevator:
hot and cold water: radiators and coal grates;
rates reasonable. 21 Taylor St., near Market. '
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth-Rooms
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per we«k, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts —
Homelike house; modern service; elevator'
bath: rooms 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. .T. KINo!
ANTONIO, 8%. off Jones, bet. Ellis and O'Far-
rell— Large, sunny, front room, $8; small
room, $5. . . : *-
"EPWORTH"— CIean; respectable; $1 25 to
$6 per week; housekeeping. 1037^ Market st.
AT The Waldorf. 809 Powell— front suites;
also single room, without board.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1384)—
nlshed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLTON. 120« Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye. — Sunny corner; well furn; rms. & offices.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
CLIFFORD, 201 Kills, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 123 (United States Hotel)— Clean, neat
rooms; $1 50 week up; elevator day and night.
ELLIS, 618— Basement room for gentleman; $5
per month.
FELL. 118, nr. Market— 2 newly furnished
rooms; running water; }$ and $10.
ROOMS TO LET — Farn. and I'nfarn.
FOL6OM, 806— Two sunny connecting rooms;
unfurnished. '
FOLSOM. 834 -$1 week: sunny single furnished
room; bath, closet; private.
FOLSOM. 1530 Furnished sunny alcove front
room for two, or housekeeping. '■
FRANKLIN. 21 (Newport)— Xice sunny bay-
window room for 2 young men; also housekpg.
GEARY, 217—4 unfur. Ms; modern conven.;
elegant oilico for dressmaker or physician.
GEARY, 3S4— Sunny front room; furnished for
couple or 2 gentlemen; $10. .',.'.. . ." :
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 402— Large sunny front
parlor; furnished.
GRAND SO L'THKRN Southeast cor. Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single ; ladles' parlor; reading room; elevator.
GRANT aye., 21 (The Wellington)— Respectable
family rooming-h<>us*>; new and elegantly fur-
nished rooms; grates; running water; bath;
50c, 75c. $1. 51 SO per nisht; $2 SO to $7 per wk.
HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— Select family
rooming house: ?i 50 to tG per week,
HARRISON, 754 V(., near Fourth— Finely fur-,
nished rooms: hath; all latest Improvements;
quiet home; V. week up.
HOWARD, 71.">— 200 sunn] rooms; • nicely fur-
nished; every convenience; electric lights.
HOWARD. S2fl — Clean, respectable. 2.'> c to $1 per
night; from $1 per week to S3; Howard-st car
to the door.
HUGHES House. 214 Third— renovated;
;■ ■■ to 50c per night; $1 50 to $3 per week.
HYDE 1026, near California— Large front sunny
furnished room, with or without piano; $8.
LEXINGTON aye., l. >2— Warm belt Mission;
(tunny furnished room; bath; rent cheap.
MASON, 213 Vi— Nicely furnished rooms; single'
or en suite; $1 E0 per week up.
MCALLISTER. 114, second flat, No. 4— Single or
en suite; elegantly furnished; carpets and
beduing new and not yet used.
MCALLISTER. 405— or 1 sunny partly fur-
nished rms.; suite, single; new; call Monday.
MCALLISTER, 70214— nice rooms for house-
keeping; also single and suites: bath; gas.
MINNA, 667 corner Elghtn— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
NATOMA. 602, near Seventh— Nicely furnished
sunny front roon- for one or two persons.
NEW Arlington, 1015 Market— Nicely furnished;
36c day up; $2 week up; transient.
NICELY new furnished and sunny rooms In a
private, quiet house; gentlemen only; rent
reasonable; $15, $12 and $10 month. Address
box 303, Call office.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms an 1
offices; elevator: electric lights; day, wk., mo.
O'FARRELL. 328— Large sunny front room;
gas, grate, run. water; suitable for 2 gents.
ROSEDALE, 321 Ellis, nr. Taylor— loo rooms;
2r.c a night: $1 a week; transient.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis St.- Incandescent,
light, reading-room, smoking-room and ladles-
parlor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50: week, $2
t- $g; month. $8 to $30; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot. cold water; baths.
SAN CARLOS aye.. 38, nr. ISth— 2 nice sunny
furnished rooms, suitable for lady or gent.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. 207 A —2 nice, sunny front rooms, fur-
nlshed. to let.
STEVENSON, 463— Small front room, $4; also
one larce front room.
STEVENSON, 587%, bet. 6th and Nicely
furnished front room; $4 per month.
PUTTER, 717— Beautifully furnished choice,
front room: office or home; bath.
THE Oaks, 119 Third— A good rooming housa
for good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
TRENTON, 112, between Stockton and Powell—
Nicely furnished rooms.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at ths
northweßt corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky fits. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
fubscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st. ___________________
ROOMS WANTED.
TWO quiet people want comfortable, commodi-
ous connecting rooms in desirable neighbor-
hood; references. Box 2442, Call.
GENTLEMAN desires parlor and bedroom, well
furnished: good neighborhood; convenient.
Box 2437. Cull.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth, phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Chlchcster's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable; take no other;
send 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladles," In letter by return mail; at drug-
gists. Chichester Chemical Co., Philadel., Pa.
MASSAGE vapor, electric baths. PROF. W.
RIEDL. 106 Eddy, form, at Highland Springs.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 Third. -
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5520.
TO LEASE.
STORE to lease; Mission St., bet. First and
Second: lot 25x1C0; put in order to suit tenant.
J. TOMPKINSON. K7 Minna st.
WATCH REPAIRING.
WATCHES cleaned 75c; guaranteed 2 years.
The Roy Jewelry and Optical Co.. 540 K«>arny.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$ISM-LOT £oxlso. with large cottage of «
rooms and bath; stable, windmill, tank, etc.
$2500— Let 40-115; tine 2-story house 8 rooms
»ri: bath; near station; must be sold at once;
worth $4000.
$2800— Lot 40x150, on Morton st.. bet. the rail-
roads, with fine new modern cottage 7 rooms;
$500 cash, balace $25 per month.
$8350— 40x150; Morton St.. near Santa,
Clara aye.; elegant new house of 8 room.;
$300 cash, balance $30 per month. Houses to
let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park st.
$2300 — YOUR own terms: house of 6 rooms; lot
ISO. $3300— San Antonia aye., near Chestnut
' St.: cottage of 7 rooms; $500 cash. J. H.
YOUNG, 1248 Park st.
ALA3IEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladies In delicate health; largs
grounds: private. MRS. DR. FUNKK. 1416 Sth.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
dJ_MILJ-I Ai)\Ll(llM-Mtx\n
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$3100— NEW modern home of 8 rooms, etc. ; near
car«. O. G. MAY & CO.. rpp. High School.
$1000— COMFORTABLE cottage, 5 rooms; mill
and tank; large lot; snap. O. G. MAY & CO.
AGENCY Scenic Park and Shattuck Tracts. O.
G. MAY & CO.
$irOO— WORTH $2600; new 5-room cottage: lot
30x133; street sewered; porcelain bath; t'.W
sink; 2 blocks to Berkeley local train; $100
down, balance $20 per month. W. C. MORAN.
$1800— $3600; parties East and need money;
see this: bank will loan $1500; 6 large rooms:
' lot 50x135; street sewered, macadamized, and
cement walks all around house; near school,
churches and University. W. C. MORAN.
$3oOO— NEW house, 9 large rooms; near Univer-
sity and on electric car line, and 2 blocks
to Berkeley local train; lot 60x135. W. C
MORAN.
$1000— STOP paying rent: only $100 down, bal-
ance $15 per month. Including Interest, j will
buy a nice 5-room cottage with all modern
Improvements. W. C. MORAN.
$2fiso— 6 LARGE rooms, corner; lot 100x140;
windmill and tank: tank house cost $300;
only 1 block to station and electric cars. W.
C. MORAN. Lorln Station, Berkeley.
$2000— COST $2800; nearly new 1-story modern
house; 7 rooms and bath: lot 50x130; wide
street; electric cars; near station; best bar-
gain in Berkeley; easy terms.
$1100— Lot 50x130, with cottage, 5 rooms and
bath: house alone cost more. Address H.,
box 114. Call office.
COOT cottages with modern Improvements; in-
stallments Fame as rent,, from $8 50 upward.
BENNETT, 2113 Stanford pi.. Berkeley stat'n.
$50 DOWN, $10 monthly, no interest: comfort-
able S-room house, with 2 lots. 3 blocks from
station and street cars; near University; 1
block from large factory- BENNETT. Berke-
ley station.
AT a bargain— This fine residence, Just com-
pleted; 5 rooms: all modern improvements; lot
40 or more by 135. See owner, J. W. HAVENS.
2216 Shattuck svt . or H. R. ABRAHAMSON,
111 Laurel St.. Oakland.
C C EEMIS. Real Estate and General. Land
Agent. 321 Montgomery st
In Berkeley- Corner lot SixlaO, with modern
house of 9 rooms.
For additional classified adver-
tisements see page eighteen.
1718
FRITITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITY-ALE HKAL - jTATg *
TOn rent— Six acres orchard: house « rooms,
bath: barn; chick- houses. 1055 Market. 3. K.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9Os BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL. ESTATE.
bOOO— I HAVE for sale 50 lots 25x125 as a whole;
th's property is worth $3000; the owner Is In
absolute distress for the want of immediate
funds and is sacrificing this property that ;
She may make an Immediate sale; the lot* j
ooaunaud a magnificent view: within 40 mm- 1
utes of the city; has 2 railroad stations within !
I minutes' walk; running water, etc.; call and j
get full particulars. J. W. LAYMANCB, «36
Market St., S. F., 480-462 Eighth St., Oakland.
CHICKEN ranch and 7-roorr. house: 1 1-1
near Martinez. C. K. KING, »03 Broad-
way. Oakland.
tIOOO— SIX- ROOM house; center cf Oakland: lot
|ExBs. C. K. KING, tOt Broadway, Oakland
J>ETALUIIA chiokea ranch; 3^ acres ._,
building; cheap; all in fruit, a K. KING,
fro; Broadway, Oakland.
BJSO— HOUSE and l^t; Frultvale. C. K. KINO.
»0i Broadway, Oakland.
& ■. BTJNCE.
tOt BROADWAY.
FORECLOSURE SALES.
13500— Cottage; lot 100x125 feet.
11660— 100x125 feet; g-room boose.
Call for a list of new houses for sals on easy
Ima
10-PAOB CATALOGUE OF HOITEB.
■i BARGAIN— LoveIy S-room house; best resi-
dence portion of Oakland; west of Broadway; |
lot 61x120; improved with choice flowers and
ihrnbbery; house In perfect order; all modern j
conveniences; 1 block from electric cars; con-
venient to local to Ban FranclßCo; will sell at ;
a sacrifice on account of owner leaving Oak-
land. Inquire M. L. WURTS, Seventeenth
and Broadway, Oakland.
<&> ACRES to iea«»; $150 per year; near Liver-
more; E0 cres hay; springs, house, fence; 7000
oonls oak trees SALSBURT, Notary Public, .
90S Broadway, Oakland. |
2 ELEGANT houses In course of construction i
on 53.1 Rt., bet. Grove and West; 2 completed;
ail ir.ode-rn Improvements; street work, side- j
* walks dene; email payment down; balanoe
monthly it desired; houses open for inspection
10 to 4 Sundays. J. H. SIMPSON, 615 20th st.
froo CASH for a lovely homo, FTuitvali nd-
Jnining East Oakland; no fojjs nor cold winds;
situate on PYuitvale eve. ; 3-room modern i
bouse, 1 year built: large lot, bam, i-hed, !
chicken house, etc.; city wster and »ewer;
electric cars pass the door; street work all
done; fie'.isht'ul surroundings; price, all told, ■
12000; 11200 can remain: terms to suit buyer
for balance, or will exchange. ■'.■X Seventh »t..
near corner of Broadway. Oakland. H&NRY
25. JONES. Owner.
a4M ACRES to lease, $IEO per year. near Llver-
raore; 50 acres hay, springs, house, fence; 7000
cords oak trees. SALSBURY, Notary Publlo,
90S Broadway, Oakland.
fctOPERX. nearly new, 2-* tory »-room residence
in Frultvale. at corner of Champion and Nlcol
aye. ; only $2K) cash, balance to j cult; house
Open to-day.
fI OOO— LOT, 4- room house, bath; ruttabl* for
chicken ranch; Haley et.. East Oakland; take
Highland Park car.
34 ACRES In Oakland; up-to-date home; want
an honest offer. E. E. BUNCH. 908 Broad-
way, Oakland.
r— — ! ■- ■' . ;
OAKr..VST) FrEXISHKD cottages.
|\'ICELY furnished 6-roorn cottage, with piano,
to let for this winter to adult family; refer- !
ence r<viulred. t»3i Poplar ft.. Oakland. i
OAKLAND ROOMS AJfD BOARdT^
tJUXNY rooms, stnsrle or en suite; board; near
narrow gaugo. H27 Franklin st.
OAKLAMI URMTIRE FOR SALE.
AN' Introduction to you from K. Shellhaas, the
furniture dealer. lith and Franklin. Oakland.
NILES ADVERTISEMENTS.
» — . — , ' —
NTT.FS RKAL ESTATE.
* CATirOR^TA^R^A^r^STATS
I acres bearing fruit trees in village, J2700.
4 acres bearing; fruit trees, houses, etc, $3259.
Ten and a half acres; three years old; apricot
»ad cherry trees; corner; bargain; $4250; easy
terms.
Lot 6Cx2i2 feet; h~tise 7 rooms, 1 upstairs un-
finished; blacksmith chop and tools; only $2200.
XGreat sacrifice: forced sole; 120 acres bearing
Jirunes of h*.-=t known variety; only $250 per
icre; adjoins Incorporated town; cost |SOO per
»ere.
Reliable Information regarding California
property furnished. WATERS BROS.. Nlles,
Cal.
SAN RAFAEL ADYERITSEM'TS
SAX RAF.iE.. RKAL ESTATE.
»sloOo— sl2 50 PER month} I rooms; large lot;
plenty of flowers
$1350 — JIS per month; 7 rooms; close to Hotel
Rftfael; excellent locality and large grounds;
will take lr-t pert pay on either.
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY,
Ban Francisco, 222 Pr.npome St., room t,
ground iioor. Also Frultvale Station.
TO It A £T~A X D~\V AR C H OUSES.
CALA. Storage V/arehous*. F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mißiilon; c .is guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 4M iv,<-t. ro - . Pow»H : •■'■■ Main 5713.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
S>IVIDENI- Notice— Dividend No. S (ISo per
share) of the Kilauea Sugar Plantation Com-
pany will be payable at the office of the com-
pany, No. 327 Mcrkct St., on and after
Wednesday, November 15, 168*. Transfer
books will tloße on Thursday, November 9,
MM. at i o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS:
■XN the Buperlcr Court of the city and county
of Pen Francisco, State of California. In thn
matter of WESTERN BEET SUGAR COM-
PANY, a corporation, upir. its application for
a Judgment of dissolution. Notice— Notice Is
hereby given that WESTERS BEET SUGAR
COMPANY, a corporation crpanlzed and ex-
isting under and by virtue of the laws of th»
State of California, and having its office and
place of business In the city and county of
Ban Francisco, Bute of California, has 'filed
a verified application addressed to the Supe-
rior Court 0? the city and county of San
Francisco, State of California, praying for
a Judgment of dissolution of said corporation
and that MONDAY, November IS, 1803. at 10
'o'clock a. m.. at the courtroom of said court.
Department No. 2. In the City Hall of the
city and county of Pan Francisco, have been
appointed as the day, time and place for the
hearing: of said application.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed 'he official seal of said Su-
perior Court this 10th lay of October ISM
WM. .', DEANE, Clerk.
By E. -M. THOMPSON. Deputy Clerk.
rSeal.l
' • MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Frederick M. Seller and Helen Seller 84-21
.Martha Meyers and Katherine Holmes . $1-21
Julius Bctz and Winnie Stabler 83-19
: Eanlel Martin and Mary Fitzgerald 43-3S
Bamuel R. Young an.l Mary Y. Mclnnls.... 43-36
Geonre I. Brajtile and Mnry L. Curesma.... 32-13
Duane C. Matteson and Viola I. Vandre.. 24-17
Carl W. Nelson and HuMa Soder ; ss-35
J. BJ. Dunn and FranclFca Molloy 83-29
Clarence R. Hock and Louise rtie 31-20
Otto H. Heyneman and Florence E. Bridg-
man 27-18
? BIBTm—MABBIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices rent by
mall will not be Inserted. They mu.-t be handed
Jn at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and resld-noo of p9r -
■ eons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
c KY— In this city, November 4, UN, to the
wffe of Michael H. Hussey, twin sons.
JOROENSBN— In this city, November 11. 1593.
t . "c wife of Wllhelm Jorgensen, a son.
NUHN— In this city, November 6, 1899. to the
wife of Joseph N. Nuhn, a son.
. O'MFARA-In Elmhurst. Alameda County. No-
vember 10. 1899. to the wife of James E.
PETERSON--In°thl. city. October ». 1899. to
the wife of Em!l L. Peterson, a daughter.
■HaSSasSss i su
daughter.
TORRES— Tn this city, November 11. 189». to
the wife of A. W. Torres, a daughter.
WEBER— In this city, October 12. 1899, to the
wife of J. C. Weber, a son. __^^_^_
MARRIED.
DAVIS— FORSTER— In Oakland. October 18.
1 1599, by Justice of the Peace J. B. Qulnn.
Moe Edward Davis and Grace Rachel Forster.
EDMONDS— In this olty, November 11, I
1599. by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson, James
Joseph Edmonds and Mrs. Adela Brzozmska j
Dorr, both of San Francisco.
FUNCKE— SQUIRES— In this city, November
11, 1893, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Robert
C. Funcke and Rose M. Squires. .
ORETHEL— BRACKENWAGBN— tbds (rity.
November 8, 1899, by the Rev. J. Fuendellng,
Bernhard Grethel of Mill Valley and Rosa D.
Brackenwagen of San Francisco.
VO6TIS>— In this city, November 11.
1899, by the Rev. J. Fuendellng, Clarence R.
Hock and Louise Vostle.
I HOLTUM— KUNST— this city. November 9,
1533, by the Rev. J. Fuendellnff, Ferdinand
Holtum and Mrs. Elisabeth Marie Kunst.
KING— ERHART— In this city. November 11.
I 1599, by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson, D.D.,
David O. King and Elsie B. Erhart. both of
San Francisco.
MURRAY— GIBBONS— this city. October 25.
1 1898, at St. John's Church, by the Rev. Father
P. D. Brady, Peter A. Murray and Louise M.
Gibbons, both of San Francisoo.
SCHILLER— BLOCK— In this olty. November d.
1899, by the Rev. J. Fuendellng, Charles Fred-
erick Schiller and Amalia Louisa Block.
THOM— BRUHN— this city. November I.
1899, by the Rev. J. Fuend»Ung. Cyril W. A. '
Thorn and Anna K. A. Bruhn.
TATEv-FORD— In this dty, November I. 1899,
by the Rev. Father Cummings, Arthur Tat*
and Cella W. Ford, both of San Francisco.
THORSTEN— ESERT— In this oity, November
11. I>'9». by the Rev. J. Fuendellng. Louis
Thorsten of Oakland and Mrs. Katharine i
Dorethea ISsert of San Francisco,
WILKE--GRO9BMANN— this city, Novem- i
ber U, ISD9, by the Rev. J. Fuendellng, Fred i
H. Wllke of Colma, Cal.. and Louise A. j
Orossmann of San Franclsoo.
MATHERS— this city, October 87. !
IS9», by the Rnv. F. Bonn, Erneat Robert |
Wilson and Elisabeth 3. Mathers, both of
Ban Francisoo.
DIED.
Artnenderta. Ramon Lyon, William H.
Ball, Robert C. MoOonvUle, Richard
Bornardou, Mary L. UaLaughllo, Dr.M.A.
Blennerhassett. Mary Murphy. Denis J.
Boell. Charles L. O' Gorman. Maria
Brlsacher. Madeline O'Meara, (Infant)
Carr, Mary E. Parke, Lyman 0.
Cofer. Elliott M. Richardson, Mary
Cronln, Harry . Rlddock. Janette S.
Danahy, Mary Bcott. Annie S.
Deane, Esma L. Slegel, Simon
Finney. Jane Smith, Clyde
Haberian. Margaret Smith. Katie
Hennlnga, Naeml Stone, F, M.
Hildebrand, Guotave Stowell, Fannie A.
Lenin. Henrietta B. Volker. Charles J.
Lecher, Paul Wilder. Mrs. Mary A.
Luke (Infant) Wlleon. Lizzie
Lynch. Richard
ARMKNDICRIZ>— In this city, November U.
IS')9, Ramon Armenderis, a native of Chlhua-
j. .a, Mexico, aged 46 years 3 months and 11
days.
C "Notice of funeral hereafter.
BALL— In El Paso, Texas, November I, 189»,
Robert Curry, dearly beloved husband of
Emma E. Ball, and beloved father of Mrs. !
A. S. Bradlee of Santa Rosa, Mrs. George A. !
Butt of Tacoma, Mrs. Bernhard Johnson, of
San Francisco and Lois and Ruth Ball, a na-
tive of Syracuse, N. V., aged 69 yeans and 7
months.
BERNARDOU— In this city, November 9, 1599, j
Mary L. Bernardou, dearly beloved mother of i
Eugenic Bernardou, and loving sister of |
Mrs. E. Modests and John Nesbltt, a native
of San Francisco, aged 35 years 10 months !
and 22 days.
£7" Friends and acquaintances are respeot- I
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day '
(Sunday,) at 9:80 o'clock, from her late* resi- i
dence, 1319 Montgomery street, near Union,
thence to the French Church of Notre Dams
dcs Vlctoires, Bush etreet, for services. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BLENN'ERHASSETT— In this city, November '
11. 1889, Mary, beloved wife of the lat* John
Blennerhassett, mother of Richard J. Blenner-
hassett, and sister of Mrs. J. Hausman and
Mrs. J. R. Hite, a native of Portsmouth, Va.
(C^Frlends arid acquaintances ar« respect- '
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow I
(Monday), at 8:45 o'clock, Irom her late resi- I
dence, ii Lexington avenue, thence to Mis- i
sion Dolores Church, where a requiem high |
mass will be held for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock sharp.
.1.1,— 1n this city, November 11, ISS9,
Charles L. B>^ell, husband of M. Boell, and i
father of Charles, Edward, Henry, Frank and i
Alfred Boell, a native of Illinois, a«ed 57 ;
years and 8 months. A member of General
G. G. Meade Post, G. A. R.
ty Funeral to-morrow (Monday), at I
o'clock, from his late residence, 603 Green- ■
wich street.
ALL members of General Mead* Post and (
Corps are requested to attend the funeral of
our late comrade C. L. Boell.
W. S. SMALL. Post Commander.
BRISACHER— In this city, November 11. 1899, j
Madeline Brisacher, dearly beloved mother of |
Leo Brlsacher of Centervllle, and grand-
mother of Emll Brisacher, a native of Alsace,
France, aged 65 years. (Salt Lake, Los Ange-
les and Virginia City, Nev., papers please !
copy.)
E^Trlends and acquaintances are respect- I
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
A. W. Martin & Co.. lIS Geary street. In- j
terment Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland. j
CARR— In this city, November 11, 1893, Mary |
E Carr, beloved daughter of the late Bar- i
tholomew and Jane Ilealy, a native of San I
Francisco, aged 28 years.
COFER— In this city, November 8. 1839, Elliott
Marlon, beloved husband of Emellne P. i
Cofer, and father of Lorenzo IX. , Sara J. and ■
Elliott M. Cofer, a native of Missouri, aged
E4 years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day |
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late resl-
deuce, 1&30 Turk street, thence to B'nai Br.th
Hall, 121 Eddy street, where services will be
held at 1:80 o'clock, under the ausolces of :
Pacific Lodge No. 136, F. and A. M., thence
to Odd Fellows' Cemetery for cremation. ■
CRONIN— In this city, November 6. IS^9. Harry,
' beloved husband of Louise Cronln, and father
of Frank, Harry, Nellie, Mabel and Alfred
Cronln, a native of Cincinnati, Ohio, ated 41
years. A member of Magnolia Lodge No. 41,
A. O. U. W.
CTFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Sunday), at 1:30
o'clock, from Red Men's Hall. 320 Post etreet, ;
where services will be held under the auspices .
of Magnolia Lodge No. 41, A. O. U. W. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery. Remains at
the parlors of the United Undertakers, 27 and ,
29 Fifth street.
DANAHY— In this city, November 11, 1899,
Mary, wife of Dennis Danahy, and slater of |
Owen E^an and Mrs. Maggie Downle, a na-
tive of County Cork, Ireland, aged 60 years.
inTThe funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of !
the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth i
etreet, thence to St. Patrick's Church for |
cervices at 2 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
DEANE— In Claremont, Alameda County, No-
bember 10. 1893, Eoma. Louise, daughter of
the late John and Rebecca F. Deane.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect- I
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, at the
residence of her mother. Claremont avenue.
Berkeley. Interment private.
FINNET— In this city, November 9, IS9S, Jane
Flnney widow of the late Joslah Finney, and '
mother of Emma Ropers, a native of Orange \
County, New York, aged 76 years 2 months j
and 10 clbib.
t^TFrlends and acquaintances are respect- \
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day ,
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of !
MoAvoy & Co.. 1235 Market street, between :
Eighth and Ninth. Interment Laurel Kill
Cemetery.
HABF.RLAN— In West Berkeley, November 11, i
ISM, Margaret T.. beloved wife of John Hab- j
er'.an. mother of Kate. Mag-pie, Alice, John
L. and George T. Haberlan, Mrs. Charles F.
Gllmnrtln and Mrs. H. E. Lyons, and sister
of Mrs. Ryan and Kate Connors, a native of
County Clare, Ireland.
HENNINGB— In this city, November 11. 1899,
•Naemi Hennlngs, beloved wife of Johan ("hr.
nlngs, and mother of M. Hennings, Mrs.
J. Oil, Natalie, Adolf and John Chr. Hen- I
nlngs, Mrs. Otto Siuetzel and Frieda Hen-
nings, a native, of Lunden, Holstein, Ger- |
many, aged 65 years and 8 months.
HILDEBUAND— In this city, November 9, 1899, j
Gustave Carl HUdebrand. beloved son of I
Alexander and Emllle HUdebrand. and
brother of Anna and Ernst Hildebrand, a <
native of San Francisco, aged IS years and 8
months.
[r^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day j
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
the Dar«nt«, 1017 Golden Gate avenue. In- j
terment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
LATTIN— In Cholame, San Luis Oblspo County,
November 4. 1809, Henrietta B. Lattln, be-
loved daughter of Milton and Elizabeth Lat-
t'.n, and sister of Mrs. Charles Stlffler of
Tesla, Cal.. Mir. Warren Paine and Mrs. R. I
Jansreri of Pomona and Irene, Orrln, Bruce, |
Deanle, Clyde and Viola Lattln. aged 21 |
yenrs 7 months and 20 days.
LOCH ER— this city, November 10, 1899, Paul |
LocheT, a native of New York, aged 33 years.
T. Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Julliiß S. ') leau, 305 Montgomery avenue.
Interment Laurol Hill Cemetery.
LUKE— this city, November 11, 1839. Infant
son of William and Elizabeth Luke, a na-
tive of San Francisco.
LYNCH— In this city, November 11, 1599, Rich-
ard Lynch, a native of County Cork. Ireland.
|C7Notlee of funeral hereafter.
LYON— In this city, November 10, 1899, Wil-
liam H.. dearly beloved husband 1 of Maggie
Lyon, father of Willie Lyon, son of Mrs.
John McClellan, and brother of Frank E. !
Lyon, a native of Redbank, N. J., aged 29 |
years. (Vallejo papers please copy.)
(CTFrlendu and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the. funeral this day
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannaran & GalKirhor),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERB,
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln BchooL
Telephone South 80.
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, FOYEMBER 12. 1899.
(Sunday), at 11:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 6SS McAllister street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
McCONVILLE— At sea, on board U. B. Trans-
port Warren, November 6, 1599, Richard Mo-
Convllle, beloved father of Frank McCon-
vllle of the U. S. S. Baltimore at Manila.
a native of England. A member of Court
Occidental No. 6676, A. O. F.. and the Pa-
cific Coast Marine Firemen's Union.
E7"Friends and acquaintances and members
of the Pacific Coast Marine Firemen's Union
are respectfully Invited to attend the funeral
this day (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from
Ancient Order of Foresters* building, 102
O'Farrell street, corner of Stockton, under
the auspices of Court Occidental No. 6676.
A. O. F. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
Remains at the funeral parlors of H. C.
Bunker & Co.. 2666 Mission street. Mission Ma-
sonic Temple.
McLAUGHLIN— In this city, November 11. 1899,
Dr. Moses A. McLauKhlin, late captain of
Company D, Second Cavalry. California vol-
unteers, husband of Margaret McLaughlln.
and father of Dr. Alfred, Maude, Ralph and
Juanlta MoLaughlln. a native of County An-
trim, Ireland. (New York and Oregon papers
please copy.)
Notice of funeral hereafter.
MURPHY— this city, November U. 1»9».
Denis J., beloved husband of Hannah Mur-
phy, and father of Mamie E., Annie 8.. Al-
bert and Joseph Murphy, a native of County
Cork. Ireland, ased 67 years.
(E7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
O'GORMAN— In this city. November Ml I*9*.
Marie C Gorman, a native of St. Paul. Minn.,
aged 20 years 11 months and 10 days.
I (ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), from St. Mary's Cathedral, whore
a requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pope of her soul, oommenoing at I clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery. Please
omit flowers.
O'MEARA— In Elmhnrst, Alameda County, h»-
fant son of James EL and Annie ©"Meara.
I PARKS— In Oakland, November 11. 1899. Ly-
man C. Parke, a native of Pontiao, Mich.,
aged 65 years.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend th« funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 871 Adeline street. Oakland.
RICHARDSON— In this city, November 16, 1199,
Mary, beloved wife of Robert Richardson, a
native of Creetown, Kirkcudbrightshire, Boot-
land. _
(prFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'olock. from her late resi-
dence. £17 Diamond street. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery.
RIDDOCK— In this city, November 11. 1599,
Janette S.. beloved daughter of Alexander
and Jessie Rl.l<look, a native of Contra Costa
County, California, aged 84 years.
SCOTT— In this city, November 9, ISS9, Annie
Spottlßwoode, wife of Walter D. Scott, and
mother of Cora and Mac Scott, aged 49 years.
S_?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2275 Geary street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
SIEGEL— this city, November 11. 1899.
Simon Slegel, beloved father of Mrs. M. Low-
enthal and Harry, Nate. Julius and Fred
Biegel of Los Angeles, and brother of David
Slegel of Los Angeles and Moses Siegel of San
Francisco, a native of Germany, acod 72
years. (Los Angeles papers please copy.)
(CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
SMITH— In Oakland, November 11. 1599. Clyde
Smith, ton of Mrs. D. Smith, a native of
California, aged 10 years 2 months and 21
days.
SMITH— In this city, November », 1539. Katl^
d«arly beloved daughter of Tully and Katie
Smith, and sister of Mary, Nellie, Sadi*.
Frank, James and Thomas Smith, a native
of Boston. Mass., aged 23 years 7 months and
23 days.
ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tha funeral this day
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 106 Morris avenue, between Fifth
and Sixth, Bryant and Brannan streets,
thence to St. Rose's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery-
STONE— In Kansas City, Mo., November 8,
l«fl&, F. M. Stone, a native of Ohio, aged 69
years. A member of Channel City Lodge No.
252. I. O. O. F., Santa Barbara, Cal.
STOWELL— Pasadena, November 8. ISD9,
Fannie A. Stowell, beloved sister of Mary E.
and Persls M. Stowell.
WILDER— In this olty. November U, 1599, Mrs.
Mary Ann Wilder (nee Ingarglola), beloved
wife of William P. Wilder, and mother of
Mrs. C. Baker, Mrs. William R. Elliott. Mrs.
Vincent Baraco. Mrs. G. W. Granniss and
Miss L. M-, Frank and Gussle Ingargiola, a
native of Philadelphia, aged 67 years 10
months and 5 days.
WILSON— In this olty, November 11. 1899. Liz-
ale, beloved wife of George Wilson, mother
of Mary F., Emily 8., Sadie E. and Alice J.
Wllßon, and sister of Mrs. D. Regan and
Michael Fogerty, a native of Frankford,
Kings County. Ireland, aged 43 years 10
months and 17 days.
IC7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 116 A Elchth street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HALL of Unity Lodge No. 27. A. O. U. W.—
The funeral escort is hereby notified to as-
semble at the parlors of the United Under-
takers, Fifth street, near Market, to-morrow
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, to attend the fu-
neral of our late brother, Charles J. Volker.
Fines for non-attendance will be strictly en-
forced. By order of
R. C. ROSS. Master Workman.
H. GRIMSHAW, Recorder.
CARD OF THAN7CB.
We wish to thank our friends and acquaint-
ances for their kindness and sympathy shown
us in our recent bereavement.
WtLLIAM G. LOTTWIC and glsters.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
J J Hamlyn, Orovtlle [M E Mackintosh. Seatl
G 8 Davison, Pa« IT J Mulford. USA
H Gardiner, N V |E G Judah. Los Any
J D Schuyler, CaJ Mr? E 0 Judah, Cal
Mrs J D Schuyler, Cal Q 13 Llbby, N V
J Bradley, Phlladel Mrs E B Perry. Cal
I eder, Germany C Edwards, N V
J n Drexel, NY 8 P Weeton, Seattle
C D Blajiey, S Jose ;F W Watson. Stonfd
Mrs C D B'.aney, Cal F W Srharnte, Pt Loul
E L Howe, N J C A Ryder. N V
E D Marsha!]. Phlia IM L l'anln, Chgo
J Stevenson Jr, Pa jMrs M L Pan-in. Oigo
p W Gibbs, Cal B I Wheeler. Berkeley
W C Cowle*. U 3 N I Miss X de W Cart-
P A Martin, Stanford wright <al
J M Campbell. Omaha Mr? A II Uray, St Lou
W Martin. Cal O II Bray, St I,iuis
O L Se-.vard. Stanford .3 W Bray, Pt I>ouis
W W Foote, Oakland J .T Perr?', 8 Di^po
T S Dargie, Oakland Miss ]i V. Perry, Cal
B Crowil. Ohio W G Biatt Mich
Baron de Bate. Paris J Kelley, S Rafael
L King, N V L Richards, 8 Rafnel
F Cann. <~hgo P H Buck, Vaca^lle
}■: W McCanna, Mont A J Steinman Mo
Mrs E W McCanna, W F Hoyt, N V
Mont |P J Gikioman. N V
J Francis, Omaha II P Sanford, N V
H L Talbot. Boetor. H H Smith. N V
E L Howes, Portland \V D Wai'hburn. Chgo
Mrs E L Howes, Or il. A Naros, Fresno
D S Cone, ,Cal |.IB Walker, N V
GRAND HOTEL.
E C Cutter. Lakeport [J F B»ede, Cal
Miss Titus, Oakland W H SMerbersr, Cal
A J Holcomb. Cal IF E Curtis, Cal
J Kllputrick, Cal P F Rogers, <:hgo
F E Br-atty. Indiana |A Griffin, Fresno
}•: Crouch, Chlco B W Moore, Sitica
A Knab. Cincinnati II M Meyers, Chgo
W E Sullivan, N V W G Coilman, Chgo
E W Bi>ach. Chgo O G Woodward, N V
J IJ Jobbing, Cal Mrs F W Bush, Napa
Dr C W Jones. Cal Miss E P.u«h, Napa
C Hughea, Cal I Miss A Manassee, Cal
J G Loonn, Fresno T D Coffman, Cal
E Thomas, Pittsburgh F Thomas, I>enver
Mrs P Keller, Plttsbur Mrs J N Jesse. Cal
W L Fletcher. Cal J J Thompa. Cal
C X Cadman, I»lnole C Thompa, Cal
B C Ferguson, V 8 A E I> Shattuck, Chgo
H W Ferguson U S A C B Jllson. Cal
J W Atherton, Cal J A C Freund. Cal
C r>odge. Davia >; i !-i j W Rogers, S Jose
X L Wllhrit. Stockton F H Botflford, Phlla
Mrs Saunders, Cal W R Ptout, Cal
I)r O'Connor, Cal C B Ovcracker, Nlles
T I) Carman, Oakland P O Princo, Cal
C L Wflss. U 8 N Dr J 8 Devln. Cal
A L Pnttprrnn, Napa ,M D Wright & w, Idah
A J Sharpe. Acampo R X Morgan, Ventura
G G Kellogg, Stanford J C Eaton & w, Cal
J A Lovett, Cal J Booth. Danville
J A Miller, Austin T Wcodworth & w, Cal
H McMurchy, N V I Mrs M Warring:. Cal
W W Howd * w, N TiA L Gamble. U S N'
c Barllch, I'awßon 'R N Henry, TJ S N
X McLeod Omaha 'E G Judah St w Cal
E P Wlllard, Norman 1
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Ledar, Han .Tone IM Johnson, Or*gon
C H Ball, Madera A B '.Vllmot, Oregon
L L Jessup, Fr»?no J C Schuler. Oregon
C C Rails. S Rosa C B Hopkins Texas
I W J Davis. LO9 Ang J Hock, Pan Diego
i J White, LO3 Ang J Ryan, Santa Rosa
i R Bhay. M.>de»to |W Jones. N V
B C Stanton. Chicago iMrs M Ash, Fresno
N Nolson, Seattle [ (i W Johnson, 8 Jose
A O Dahl. Seattle X Fterling & w, L Ang
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Same to Carl E. and May E. Ritter. lot on
NW corner of Filbert and Steiner streets* W
25 by N 300; UO.
Hannah B. Dingley to Gualala Mill Company
(a corporation), lot on W line of Division street
S2S S of Seventeenth, S 27:1\,, N 26, E 7:GV $6.
Hamilton W. and Delia E. Gray to Frank L
yon Rbein. lot on SIS line of Perry street SOO
SW of Fourth. SW 25 by SE 80; J!0.
Eugene Gauthler to same, same, quitclaim
deed; $1.
Albert and Mary Sturzlngnr to James H
Deerlng, lot commencing 127:6 W of Fourteenth
avenue and 109 N of C street, W 6X05 N 25
E R9.8. S 2r>; $10.
Estate of Hi-nry Casanova (hy Alexander
Vennano. executor) to Mary J. Whyte, lot on
W line of Watt avenue, 124:9 S of Hanover
S 101:1, W 202:6, N 100, E 1S7:«, lot 20L West
End Homestead Association; J240.
W. K. Van Alen to K. Offenbecker, lot on W
line of Pope street. 325 N of Cross. N 25 by
W 75, lot 46, Benial Homestead Association;
$10.
Ida Mentz to Delia Yale, lot on S line of Bel
grave avenue, 421:3 E of Stanyan, B 80 by 8
100, lots 24 and 2C block S. Market and Stan
jaa street and Goldeu Gate Park Land axid
Improvement Company 1 » Tract; $10.
William and Jennie Wolf to Harry Bush, lot
on N line of Ellla street. E7:« W of Kranklln,
W 25 by N 137 :tl; $13,U00.
fcamo to Charles Bush, lot on N line of Lllis
street, 62:6 W of Franklin, W 26 by N »7:6;
$12,000.
Kstate of Catherine McC*nn (by Richard Mc-
Cann, trusteej to Hugh Keenan, lot uu Mi
curiior of Paxe and Webster streets, N 65 by
E ?7.6; J455U.
Hugh Keenan to Theresa Keenan. same; gift.
Eliz.i C. lit-rbert (Comerford, wife of Frank,
executrix of ebtate of Joseph il. Comerford
and Eliza C. Herbert) to James MoCook. lot on
N iln- of I lay street 100 E of lX>loreß, X 26
by N 114; $isw).
EstiUe ot Donald Fraser (by Frank D. Mac
beth, administrator) to William Tappenbeek,
lot commencing li's» N of Washington street
and G7:i> E of Washington place, t> «2:7 by E
82:8; MOO.
Poon Coin Jan to Poon Shun, lot on N line of
Pacific Etrtet, 103.8 E of Stockton, E 17:2k by N
117:6; eift. '
Rebecca Jennings (Fisher) to Douglas S. Wat
son, lot on .NW corner of Post and Powell
streets. N 25 by W 60; $10.
Julius Radst^n. Julia Lauter (wife of Blg
frled) and UUle Ash*r (wife of Maurice L.) to
same, lot on W line of Powell street, 26 N
of Post. N n by W 60; $10.
B. P. and Annie M. Kerrison to Douglass W.
Montgomery, lot on E line ot Twenty-seventh
avenue, m S of Point Loboa, S U by E 120;
$125.
Charles D. Burbank to Elizabeth W. Bur
bank, lot on NW line of Corbett street. 310:9
NE of Caaelll avenue, N 76 tleg. W to Caselll
avenue to a. point on said Caeelli avenue 32:10
B from point bearing N 8 deg .07 mln. E, thence
N 4 dog. 14 mm. E 32:10, N i deg. 7 mln. E
88:8, S 48 deg. 68 mln. E 216:7, B\V 30:8. lot 2,
block, 5, Market-street Homestead Association;
also Jot on NW line of Market street. 23S SW
of Church, 8W 26, NW 126:1. E 32:10%. SE
104:S^; also lot on BE corner of R street and
Forty-second avenue, B 120 by S 150; also lot
on 8 line of Seventeenth street, 85 E of Castro.
E 60 by 8 100; J«0. - • -i
Mary A. Wynn (by M. I* Davis and Nathan
Boos, trust***) to Jadah Boas, 1769 D. 80, lots
63 to 66, Gift Map 2. trustees' deed; $660.
Alloe M. Marshall to Mildred I. Crowther,
lot 87, block 18, Lakeview; *5M>.
J. R. Howell to D. R. McNelll. undivided
half of lot on SW corner ot Berkshire street and
Hamilton avenue, W 150, 8 100, W 60, B 25, E
£00, N 126, lots i to 9 and 82, block 6. Mission
and Thirtieth Streets Extension Homestead;
*10.
John V. and Nina R. Wachtel to Farmers'
and Merchants' Ban* of Los Angeles, lot on
E line of Meroed street, 420 S of Grove. 8 65:4.
S 7S:4Vi, NE 156:6%. W 161:734, lots 24 and 26,
block 24, Fair-mount Land Association; $1000.
Adolph Beshorman to Lena Beshorman (wife),
lot on N line of Hermann (Kate) street. 87:6
E of Webster. E 25 by N 137:6; gift.
Abble R. and Martha Wood (executors of
estate of Joseph M. Wood) to James McNab,
lot on N line of Broadway, 50 W of Fillmore
street? W 45 by N 137:6; 110,126.
John R. and Annie L. Altken to Caroline K.
Gwin, lot on SW corner of Stelner street and
Elliott Park, S 41:3 by W 8S (Hamilton Square);
$10.
Calvin Ewlng (by B. P. Oliver, commissioner) ]
to Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society, lot on
W line of- San Jose avenue, HO S of Twenty
fourth. 8 07 :s by W 168; also lot on SE line of
Howard street. 455 SW of First. SW 25 by SB
S5; $13,000.
Lee San to Sam Yur Society, Hop Wo Be
nevolent Association, Yen Hoy Association,
' Yeong Wo Association, Van Wo Association,
j Nlng Yong Association, Kong Chow Asylum
and Shoo Hing Association, lot on N. line of
Commercial street, 103:1'^ X of Dupont. E 34:4 Vi
by N 43:6; $10.
W. W. Montague & Co. (corporation) to Jo
slah W. Stanford lot on NE line of Beale !
street, 229:2 SE of Market, SE 91:8 by NE 137:4; i
$10.
Thomas W. Butcher to Emma W. Butcher,
I lot on SE line of Sherwood place, 100 NE Third
, street. NE 60 by SE 110; also lot on SE corner
of Waller and Cole street*. S 33:9 by E 95; gift. ]
Amelia T. Paplna to Eugenic Camplnl, undi- !
vided one-third of lot on E line of Ninth street,
100 N of Harrison, N 25 by E ICO; $10.
Edith C. Sedgler, John Kelso and Edwin B.
Mastlck (trustees estate of Rosetta A. Sedgley) j
to Thomas W. and Christopher C. Rivers lot ]
on SE corner of Nineteenth I Butte) and Utah I
streets, E 100, 8 100, E 100. S 25, W 200, N 125;
also lot on E line of Utah street, 150 8 of Nine- j
teenth (Butte). S 50 by E 100; *:ioo.
Kate G. McElwee to Mary A. Cowan, lot on
BE corner of I street and Forty-eighth avenue, !
S 125, E 120, N 25, W 57:6, N 100, W 32:6; $10.
Golden State Land Company to Charles L.
j Waugemann, lot 25, block 8, Laxevlew; $10.
Edward L. and Mary C. Mealey and Annie
1 E. Kennedy to Elizabeth Mealey, lot on 8 line !
1 of Fifteenth avenue, 141:10 W of Railroad aye- '
j nue, 8 100 by W 25, lot IS. block 807. J. L. Case '
1 Tract; $10.
George F. Lyon to W. C. and Mary Korb, lot
on S line of Montana street. 200 E of Plymouth. I
E 60 by S 125. lot 2, block T, Railroad Home
stead; $10.
Caroline Wlleon to William F. Wblttler. lot
on BW bounary line of 100-vara lot 6, Loguna
I survey, being 39 N of Union street and 130 W
of Van Ness avenue, N 45, W 27:8, SE 52:6; $10.
Edwkin 8. and Rebecca C. Tucker to Charles I
E. Holt, lot on E line of Buchanan street, 30 S
of Jackson. S 30 by E 100; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Cath
erine Fauss (executrix of estate of Otto Fauss).
lot on SE corner of Halght and Scott streets,
E 68:9 by S 125; $ .
Elizabeth G. Baldwin to Caroline D. Moore.
lot en S line of Union street, 140:6 W of Devls
adoro, W 124:6 by 8 137:6; $10.
Pauline Casner to Mary Landry, lot on N
line of Fulton street, 192:6 W of Devlsadero, W
27:6 by N 137:«; $10.
Hattie or Mrs. M. J. Sullivan to Caro O. Hill.
lot on E line of First avenue. 100 3 of Point
Lohos. S CO by E 120; $10.
Ely L and Helen J. Hutchinson to Nellie |
Miller (wife of R. E.), lot on SE line of Jessie
Street, 113:4 S'.V of Thirteenth, SW 78:8 by SB j
70; tlO.
John A. and Mary A. Frits to Jacob Roths- 1
child, lot on S line of Twenty-first street, 152:8 I
W of Church, W 25 by S 114; $10.
Jacob Rothschild to John C. Lastufka, same;
$10.
Estate of William Mayer (minor, by Sophie
Mayer, guardian) to George Peacock, all in
' terest In lot on E line of Ehotwell street. 112:6
N of Twenty-third, N 26 by E 97:6; 1263.
Estate of Harriet Mayer (by Sophie Mayer,
administratrix) to same, same; $3037.
Sophie, Margaret H. and John F. Mayer to i
same, all interest in came; $709.
Eliza Kuttner to Helnrlch Schenk, lot on S
line of FUb»rt street, 112:6 E of Leavenworth,
I E 25 by S 137:6; $10.
Ellanor H. Doe to Ida H. and Maud E. C.
Bourn, lot on NE line of Fremont street, 153:4
BE of Market. BE 45:10 by NE 137:6, and party
wall acreements In 12 coys. 215; $10.
William Hale to John A. Weston, lot on NW
line of Clara street, 200 SW of Fourth, SW 25
by NW 80; $10.
Bethlab P.Chandler to Ada E. Coville. lots 5
and 6, block S3. Califomla-avenue Homestead
Association, having a frontage of 26 feet each
on California street, between Eighteenth and
Nineteenth avenues (N of California street, 107
E of Nineteenth avenue, E 12 by N 120); $10.
Robert Wilson to Albert W. Peterson, lot on
W line of Second avenue, 123 X of Point Lobos,
N 25, W 120. S 12:6. E 8:7. S 12:6, E 111:5; grant.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Phillip J. and
Annie Dies, lot on W line of Eleventh avenue,
276 S of I street, S 25 by W 120; $10.
Same to Margaret D. Kirk, lot on N line of
J ptreet. 82:6 W of Eighteenth avenue, W 50
by N 100: $10.
George G. and Auntie L. Carr to Aurustus
Lots, lot on SIC corner of Vallejo and Gough
streets. S 25 by E P0; $10.
Joseph B. and Addle B. Horton to Phi! D.
and Emma Montgomery, lot on N line of Eddy
ptreet, 30 E of Farren avenue, E SO by N 76;
no.
Annie J. Ferguson to Oscar H. Ferguson, lot
on NW corner of Vallejo and Baker streets,
\V 55 by N 90; gift.
Veronica C. Baird and Ebi»ne«er Scott (trus
tees estate John H. Baird) to Daniel Elnpteln,
lot on SF. corner of Page street and Central
avenue (Lott) E 114:4. S 0 decree, 3 minutes,
E 139:1%. W 93:2 N 137:6; $11,000.
DnnlH and Ellen Einstein to Harriet E.
Bnrnesnn (wife of John), lot on E line of Cen
tral avenue (Lott). 75 S of Pace street, S 37:6,
E 114:4, N 25, W 25. N 12:6, W 89:4; $10.
D. A. and Ella K. Hodeheßd to Mattle B.
Mtllard (wife, of Frank B), lot on N line of
Liberty street, 105 E of Dolores. E 25 by N 114;
$10.
Dledrlch M. Bollman (estate D. Bollman. In
solvent), Charles E. Trower, (assignee), Bank
of California ( by Robert J. Mercer, commis
sioner) to Adolph C. Weber, lot on X line of
Shotweli street, SO N of Twenty-fourth, N 22
by F- 100; $2434.
Emily E. and George A. Smith to Charles
H. Smith undivided one-quarter Interest In
lot on F. line of San Jose avenue. IS6 N of
Twenty-fifth street, N 37 by E DO; $SOO.
May B Smith to Fame, all Interest in same;
$600.
George W. and Nellie K. Smith to John H.
Webster, lot on S line of Twenty-fourth street,
80 W of Castro. W 25 by S 114; $10.
Otto and Viola F. Johnson to Harriet A.
Stevens, lot on N line of Twenty-third street,
25:3 \V of Diamond, W 23 by N 85; $10.
William J. and Isabella Lowry to Nellie M..
Aicnea and Isabel Lowry. lot on N corner of
Mission and Stuart streets. NE 137:8 by NW
46:10; gift.
John E Schumacher to Wllhelmlna Schu
macher (wlfe> lot on NW line of De Boom
Street, 125 NE of Second, NE 25 by NW 80;
el ft
Walter E. and Helen C. Dean to John F.
Bnyd lot on SW line of Third street, 23:4 Vi
SE of Howard, SE 66 by SW 75; $10.
Owen J. McQuaide and Annie B. Cooper to
Mary F. FoßP.rty. Sarah E. and Kathryne G.
McQualde. undivided two-fifth!" interest In fol
' lowing: lot on 8 corner of Fourth and Minna
streets, SE 25 by PW 75; also lot on S line
of Mission street, 234:3 W of First, W 22 by
S 80; $10.
Alameda County.
London ana San Francisco Bank. limited, to
Acnes Wilson, lot on R line of Ninth street,
100 W of Washington. W 50 by R 100. belns lots
13 and 18. block (0: also lot on RE line of He-ban
street and San Pablo avenue. X 202.34. R 109:4%.
W 127.09, N 64 to a point from which on a
line perpendicular to Helper for Twentieth)
street, said Hobart (or Twenty-first) street Is
distant N 53.34 feet, thence on a line at right
angles to S.an Pablo avenue, 100 to E line of
Pan Pablo avenue, thence N 109.23 to besinnini?
excepting that portion pranted by Union Sav
lnß« Bank to city of Oakland for purpose of
openinsr Grove street. Oakland: grant.
diaries A. and Alice C. Bailey to Andreas
Chrentk. lot on SW corner of Grayson and
Tenth streets, W 23 by S 100, being 1 lot 3, block
177. Grayson Tract. Berkeley: *•'.
Frederick T. and Bsitrice N. Blolettl. Franc* «
N. Ward, Elizabeth K. and Frances R. Drum
mond to Annie Skinner, undivided five-sixths
interest In lot on E line of Union street. 40
N of Bancroft way N SO by E 110:3. being a
portion of lot 7, block' 2, Map of Villa Lots
joining the. University site on th« couth, Berke
ley; $1500.
Frederick T. Blolettl (guardian estate Kath
leen C. H. Drummond, a minor) to same, un
divided one-sixth Interest In same, Berkeley;
$700.
Nickolaß R. Mullery to Hattie P. Mullery.
lot on N line of Santa Clara avenue, 240 X
of Eighth street (formerly Prospect) E 40 by
N 137:6. Alameda; gilt.
George B. M. and Alice M. Gray and Ernest
S. Ansel (by A. W. Bishop, commissioner) to
Clara A. Cross. Rose M. Hanson and Emma L.
Fischer (executors estate Elizabeth Mack, lot
on E line of Franklin street. 152 N of Delger
(or Twentieth) street, SE 80.92, KE 32.03, NW
82.60, S\V 32, to beginning, Oakland; $27C3.
Ann M. Snyder (guardian estate Edna B.
Snyder, minor) to William H. MacKinnon, lot
20, block am, and lota 3, 4, 6 and 23, block
2U9S, Alden Tract at Temescal, Oakland; $1080.
John G. and Agnes M. Agar (trustees estate
Joseph Macdonough) to Diedrich Knabbe. lot
on E line of Union street, l&0:6 N of Twelfth,
N 2S by E 183:3, block 575, Oakland; $10.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Leila
A. Campbell, lot 161, in plat i- Mountain View
Cemetery, Oakland Township; $45.
Same to Flora L. Jones, the S portion, of lot
32 and N portion of lot 33, In plat 27. Mountain
View Cemetery, Oakland Township; $820.
Carrie S. Alden to George Tyler, lot 47. block
P, Chrlstiania Tract, Oakland Township; $10.
Edward H. and Calista H. Congdon to James
L. Barker, lot on N line of Hllgard avenue,
275 E of Euclid avenue, E 60 by N 125, being
lot 13, block 15, Daley Scenic Park Tract,
Berkeley; $100.
A. M. and Haul* S. Smith to William M.
Llnderrnan. lot 8, block C, Daly Tract, Brook
lyn Township; $10.
Frank N. and Hannah Dodd to Mary E.
Jamieson, lot on S line of Alameda avenue,
98:8 W of Lafayette street, W 49:4 by 8 ISO,
portion of lots 1, 19 and 20, block I, Bartlett
Tract. Alameda; $10.
Friedaricka Hasenmaler to Mary Hutnmaler,
lots 6 and 7, Sunnyslde Tract, Oakland; gift.
Carrie Knaujjh to William Sears, lota 41 and
42, block 446. Brings Tract, Map No. 1, Oak
land; grant.
William H. and Effl« L. Day to George D.
Brisley, lot 2, block 8. Amended Map Sutler
Tract, Oakland; $10.
James E. ratten to Anna A. Gladding, lot
1, block E J. E. McElrath Traot, Oakland; $1.
F. A. Merrltt to Realty Syndicate of San
Francisco (corporation). Si£ boundary line lots
6 to 13, block G. Stanford -Tract, 760 NE of
Santa Rosa avenue, SE 151:6. SW 50, NW 151:6,
NW 50 to beginning, Oakland; $10.
Jose G. and Maria Matozo to John J. and
Maria J. Brito, lot 7, block B, In Dabner"s Ad
dition to Town of San Leandro, Eden Town
ship; $700.
Thomas Davis, Kate Klmmell, Mary Kerlln,
George and Rose Davis to Granvllle Davis, lot
on S line of Eighth street, 60 HI of Jefferson,
E 25 by S 75, Oakland; $10.
Anna J. Miller to Charles B. Miller, lot on W
line or Adeline street, 24:4 8 of West Third, S
26:6 by W 63:3, being portion of lots SO and 31,
block 445. Brlggs Tract, Oakland; gift.
i arri«' Knaugh to William B. and Addle G.
Macdonald, lot 33, block 146, same tract. Map 2,
Oakland; grant.
Marie P. Gensoul (by Thomas A. Fisher, at
torney) to Kate Sanderson, lot on E line of Per
alta street, 27 N of Thirtieth, N 33 by E 115. be
ing portion of lots 18. 19 and 20, Map of Center
street Homestead, Oakland; $10.
W. A. Forbes to E. R. Tutt, lot 15, block L,
Thermal Hill, formerly the Howe Tract, Oak
land; $10.
John Elferle to William M. Relnhart, lot on
NE line of Avala street. 100 NE of Marida, NE
50 by SE 130. belne lot 18. block H, Vicente Per
alta Reservation Tract at Ternesca' quitclaim
deed, Oakland; $500.
Hetty T. HenEhaw (wife of W. G.) to Carrie
D. RoOolph (wife of George W.), lot en N cor
ner of East Fourteenth street and Sixth ave
nip NE 160, NW 100, NE 20. NW 60, SW 67:6,
SE 50, SW 102:6, BE 100 to beginning, block 56.
Clinton, East Oakland; $10.
Nettle Rose to Isaac A. Rose, lot on S line of
Park avenue, 260S W of San Pablo avenue, S
125 by W 63:6, Oakland Township; gift.
J. J. and Essie C. O'Rourke to J. 8. Myers,
lot on SW corner of Avon street and Second
avenue, W 121:6 by 8 100, being lots 29 and 30,
block B. on Map of blocks A. B and C, Ver
non Park, subject to deed of trust for $1200,
Oakland; $10.
J. M. Costlgan to Belle Costigan, lot on W
line of Franklin street. 713 N of Fourteenth,
N 50 by W 150. Oakland; gift.
Alexander Vensano to G. Arata, all Interest
In lot on 3 line of Fourth street. 75 E of Grove,
E 60 by 8 100, being lots 9 and 10. block 27,
Oakland; grant.
William Jr. and Minnie Hoffschneider to "Wil
liam Hoffschnelder Sr.. lot on NW line of Ninth
avenue, £0 NE of East Seventeenth street, NE
60 by NW 115, block 96, Clinton, East Oakland;
$10.
Flora A. and Frederick B. Burnell to Clara
B Lewis, lot on S line of Alameda avenue,
110 W of Paru street W 82:6. 8 150. E 12:6,
N 25. E 20. N 125 to beginning, block D, Oak
Park, Alameda, $10.
Linda M. Adams (by E. A. Heron, commis
sioner) to Hibemia Savings and Loan Society,
lot on W line of Broadway, 186 N of Durant
street. N 93 by W 130, E portion of lot 8, block
B. Fountain place, Oakland; $15,420.
Mary Alice Malllne to Jesse B. Stride, lot 11,
on map of resubdivision of block 34, Warner
tract Brooklyn Township; $10.
Cornelius C. and Bridget Murphy to E. Boody.
lots 25 to 28, block 12, Allendale tract, Brook
lyn Township: $10.
James J. MulJoon to Julia O'Leary (wife of
J. O'Leary). undivided % Interest In 7.7 acres,
being tract 19 on map of Rogan Ranch, Wash
ington Township; gift.
Joseph and Juana H. Nevis to J. P. Rosa,
lot 28, Nevis tract, town of Pleaaanton, Hur
ry Township; $10.
George and Eliza Dlllmann (or Dlllman) to
James H. Nolan, lot on S line of Third street,
60 W of Jefferson, W 25 by S 80, Ing portion
of lots 15 and 16, block 22. Oakland; $10.
Robert Bishop to Howard, Frank B. and
Herbert A. Bishop, and as trustees for Harold
L. Bishop, Emma Piddlngton (wife of W. Pid
dlngton), Ellen M. Harrison (wife of F. Har
rison), Mabel Miller (wife of F. Miller), Clara
J. Ch'appell (wife of C. Chappell), Bertha M.
and Hilda Bishop, lot on E line of Twelfth
street, 150 S from S line of property formerly
owned by one Baxter, thence E 50. S to N line
of Stanford avenue, 120 feet wide, traversed
by Berkeley Branch Railroad, thence W to E
line of Twelfth street, N 105.12 to beginning,
portion lots 7 and 10, block 24, Beaudry & Pele
df-au property, Oakland; also lot 3. block I,
Golden Gate tract, Oakland; also lota 36, 37,
38, 41 and 42, block B, Amended Map Fairvlew
Tract. Oakland Township; alßo lot 7, block F,
Parsons Golden Gate Tract, subject to mort
gage, Oakland; gift.
William and Clara B. McCluni* to George
D. Dornln, lots 25 and 26, block A, Hillegass
Tract, Map 3, Brooklyn; $100.
Jim Rose Leathers (femnie sole) to lona E.
Russell (wife of Harry M. Russell), lot 5, block
19, Warner Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
lona E. and Harry M. Russell to Gee W.
Leathers, lots 6 and 7, block 27, Warner Tract,
subject to de^i of trust for $475, Brooklyn
Township; ?10.
O. B. Llndon to Adolph Hecker, undivided %
Interest In lot C, block 63, Alameda Park
Homestead, Alameda: $10.
Anna L. Hill to Elizabeth J. and Josephine
M. Hill, undivided 1-5 Interest In raal and
personal property of estate of William Locker,
deceased; gift.
Peter Maysonnave to S. O. Holmes, lot on
E line of Louise street. 300 N of B, N 25 by
E 133, being subdivision A In lot 4. block 800,
Watts Tract. Map 2. Oakland; $10.
Thomas & Cathe E. Reed to John and Marie
C. Pierre, lot on S line of Eighth street. 181:8 I
E of Willow, 1:". 25 by S 156, being lot 15, block
&26, Casserly Tract, Oakland; $10.
Marie Uhl (wife of Georse) to Annie Skin
ner, lot on S line of Grant street, 100 E of
Union, E 75 by S 100, being lot 3, block M,
Map of New Lynn Homestead, adjoining High
land Park. East Oakland; also lot on NW
corner of Chicago avenue and Champion street,
W 133 by N 120 being lots 1 to 4 and portion
of lot 6, block I, Prospect Hill Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
George W. Austin to Christine J. Cameron,
lot on W corner of East Twenty-first street
and Eighteenth avenue, NW 65 by SW 140,
being lots 13 and 14 and portion of lot 15, block
66. San Antonio. East Oakland; $10.
Robert and Kate Hawxhurst to Irene Coll,
lot on S line of Durant avenue, 300 W of Audo
bon street, W 50 by S 130, being portion of
lots 2 and S, block 9, Map of Property of Col
lege Homestead Association, Berkeley; $1500.
Italian-Swiss Mutual Loan Association to
Archibald B. Cameron, lot on N line of Ashby
avenue. SO E of Hlllesrass street, E 40 by N
110, being: a portion of lots 7, 8 and 9, block
A, Claremont Tract. Berkeley: $10.
F. A. and Priscilla S. Berlin to Peter W.
Ehrhart lot on E line of Frultvale avenue,
66.2 N of Putnam street, N 50.7, E 134, S 50, W
130.5. to beKlnninir, being lot .". block 772. Lane
and Levy Tract Brooklyn Township; $10.
Fadle and Rosa Raymond. Manual S. Brown.
Peter Gruslcb et al. (by 11. J. Tomblln, com
missioner) to Jose da Rosa Gularte. lot on W
line of Ellsworth street, 100 S of Pins, 8 100
by W 150, being lots 3 and 4. block E, Town
of Mission San Jose, Washington Township;
$SB3.
J. K. Stewart et al. (by W. S. Harlow, com
missioner) to Commercial Bank. lot on RE cor
ner of Shattuck avenue and Dwleht way, E 210.
S 100. W 50, N 10. W 60, N 62. W 113. N 2*. to
beginning, being the N 100 feet of lot 36. the
X N feet of lot 35 and N 28 feet of lot 34,
Steele Tract, Berkeley; $14, C00.
John E. Geary and George E. Grindell to
John P. Bettencourt. lot 15, block M, Knox
Tract, adjacent to Haywards. Eden Township;
$10.
Francisco and Mary Sllvelra to Thomaa
Silva, lot on SW line of Sixth street. ICO f>
from S corner of B and Sixth. SW 150. S 60.
NE 150, N 50. to beginning. being the rear
portions, 60 feet in width, of lots 7, 8 and 9.
block 46, Petersen Tract, Haywards; Eden
Township; $10.
Richard Dowllng to Ellen Dowllnsr, lots 15
and 16, on map of subdivision of Lake Merrltt
Park, East Oakland; $10.
Ellen E. W oodsum (administratrix of estate
of George C. Woodsum) to Bessie Cornell, all
Interest in lot on NE corner of Owicht way
and Grove street, E 80, N 135. W 60, s to begin
ning, block 6, amended map of Barker Tract,
Berkeley; $SSO.
Andrew and Jane C. Jones to Dennis Ma
honey, lot 6, block I. of Andrew Jones' subdi
vision, Brooklyn Township: $500.
Hans C. Knudson to Clara Knudson, lot on
NW corner of Parson and Lowell streets N
40 by W WO, being lot 1, 'fclock D. J. McElrath
Tract. Oakland: Rift. >
The Realty Syndicate (a corporation) to F
A. Merrltt, lots 11 and 12, block G. Stanford
Tract. Oakland: $10.
Allen D. and Amelia E. Wilson to William
P. Plummer. lot 3. block F, map of Peralta
Heights. East Oakland; $10.
John Hazett to John and Mary Krucovsky
lot on S line of Grayson street, 50 W of Ninth
W 50 by S 100, being lots 5 and 6. block 176'
Grayson Tract, Berkeley: $100.
Lewis or Louis and Cordelia or Cordalla Bel
rose to Joanna M. Drlscoll. lot on E line of San
Pablo avenue, 83.03 S of Thirty-seventh street.
N rj.tS. B 108.87. 8 ». W 96. M to beginning;,
being the N half of lot J. block A. map of por
tion of Mrs. M. J. Evoy's property, Oakland
Township; $10.
Enrinal Building and Loon Association to
William Danlell, lot on S line of Buena Vista
avenue, 116 W of Paru street, W 50 by S 150,
Alameda; C3OO.
Builder's Contract.
The Olympic Club of San Francisco (a corpo
ration, owner) with Bernard Drever (contrac-
I tor), architects Shoa & Shea — Carpenter, mill,
iron and galvanized iron work, grla^s and Klaz
i Ing. painting, tinning, etc.. for a fram* band
ball court building on lot commencing li'a E
of Taylor street and 63 N of Post, N 74:6, E
32:6, S 74:6, W 32:6: $8000.
He Had Learned His Lesson.
It was the fifth anniversary of their
wedding day and they were going to cele
brate it by attending the opera. Afte,r
finishing his after-dinner cigar the hus
band called his wife in an adjoining room:
"Are you ready, my dear?"
"In a minute, love, she replied. "I've
only to put my bonnet and gloves on."
"Oh very well," he replied. "That will
Just give me tim« to run down to the
barber shop and get my hair cut."
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued from Page Nineteen.
TO SAIL.
Steamer, I Destination, j Sails. I Pier.
Umatilla ..Vic & Pgt Nov. 19, 10 am Pier »
Orizaba Newport • Nov. 12, 9 am Pier lj
Samoa Humboldt I Nov. 12, 10 am Pier 2
Areata Coos Bay i Nov. 12, 4 pm Pier 13
Weeott Humboldt Nov. 13, 10 am Pier 13
Elate of Portland (Nov. 14. 10 am Pier 24
Santa Rosa San Diego Nov. 14, 11 am Pier 11
Alliance ... Oregon Porta. Nov. 14, 10 am Pier 20
Carlisle Cty|Chlna& Japan Nov. 14, 10 am | Pier 34
Australia . Honolulu Nov. 15, 2 pin Pier 7
Pomona ... Humboldt Nov. 15, 2 pm Pier *
Aberdeen .. Portland ! Nov. 15, 1 pm
Coos Bay... Newport Nov. 16, 9 am Pier 11
Queen Vic & Pgt Sd. Nov. 17. 10 Pier 9
CoQullle Rv^Grays Harbor Nov. 17, 6 pm
Doric Chlna&Japan Nov. 17, 1 pmjPMSS
Corona (San Diego Nov. 18, 11 amjPler 11
San Juan... Panama Nov. 18, 12 m PUSS
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. [Nov. 18, 2 pm Pier 2
Columbia .. Portland 'Nov. 19. 10 am Pier 24
North Fork Humboldt Nov. 19, 12 m Pier 2
San Pedro.. Humboldt.. ...'Nov. 20 |
Time Bali.
Branch Hydrographtc Office, V. B. X.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
November U, 1599.
Th» Urn*- ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
1. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 3
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., In charge.
Shipping Intelligence.
♦ . *
ARRIVED.
Saturday, Norember XL
Stmr Whltesboro, Olsen, lSft hours from
from Greenwood.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 17 hours from Fort
Braes;.
Stair Arcata, Reed. 80 hours from Coos Bay.
Stmr State of California, Gage, 59 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 47 hours.
Stmr Alex Duncan, Nopander, 16 hour* from
Moss Landing.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Hlnkle, 4 hours from Ames
port.
Whaling stmr Karluk. McGregor, M days
from Fox Island.
U S Btmr Bear, Jarvis, 1 days from Port
Townsend.
Ship Cyrus Wakefl«ld, Chapman, 21* days
from New York, via Stanley, F I.
V. haling bark Alice Knowlea, Fisher, IS days
from Bering Sea.
-:.'.\ ..•:■ CLEARED.
Saturday, November 11.
Stmr City of Sydney, PUlsbury. Manila, via
Honolulu; U 6 Government.
Stmr Orizaba, Nlcolson, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Etmr Umatilla, Cousins, Victoria; Ooodail,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr North Fork. Bash, Eureka; Chaa Nel
son.
SAILED.
Saturday, November XI.
Stmr Bcotla, Jacobs. .
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, Mendodno.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, Eureka.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Hinkle, Amesport.
Schr Occidental. Rosich, Eureka.
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth. Crescent City.
Stmr Bonlta, Buckard, southern coast.
Stmr Signal, Bendcgard, .
Stmr Westport, Peterson, .
U S stmr Solace, Dunlap, Manila, via Guam
and Honolulu.
Br bark Inversnaid, Roes, Queenstown.
Schr Barbara Hernster, Anflndsen, .
Schr Archie and Fontie, Jensen, Stewarts
Point.
Pchr Katie Fllckinger, Monson. Port Had
lock.
Schr Eliza Miller, Christiansen, Apia.
SPOKEN.
Sept 23, In Bering Sea— Whaling bark Oay
head, with 4 whales. Oct 9— Whaling bark John
and Wlnthrop, with 1 whale.
Per Alexander, with 7 whales; Wm
Baylies, with 9 whales; Belvedere, with c
whales; Bowhead. with 6 whales.
DISASTER.
FORT BRAGG, Nov The echr Norms,
Captain Peterson, after lying off here for two
weeks, drifted ashore to-day and will prob
ably be a total loss.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Nov 11, 10 p Weather
thick.; wind BE, velocity 12 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived 11— Br ship Water
loo, from Port Townsend; Btmr Newport, from
Sltka; stmr Cleveland, from Cape Nome.
Sailed Nov 11 — Stmr Cottage City, for Dyea
and Skaguay; stmr Aloha, lor San Francisco;
Br stmr Port Stephens, for Manila.
PORT TOWNSEND— SaiIed Nov 10— Schr
Ethel Zane and 6chr Robert Lewers, for Hono
lulu.
Arrived Nov — Schr Corona, from Guaymas;
Br stmr Saint Irene, from Hongkong.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Nov Stmr
Ruth, from San Pedro.
Sailed Nov 11— Stmr Ruth, for San Francisco;
stmr San Mateo. for Nanaimo.
ASTORlA— Arrived Nov 11— Stmr Columbia,
hence N.ov 9; Btmr Fulton, hence Nov 8.
Sailed "Nov 11— Stmr Brunswick and Br stmr
Lennox, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Nov 11— Stmr Luella,
from Fort Bragg.
Sailed Nov 11— Stmr Alcazar, for San Fran
clbco; schr J II Bruce, for Tacoma.
EUREKA— Arrived Nov 11— Stmr Alice Blan
chard, hence Nov 9; Ftmr Pomona, hence Nov
10; stmr Pasadena, from San Pedro; schr Liz
zie Vance, from San Pedro.
Sailed Nov 11— Stmrs Weeott and San Pedro,
for San Francisco; schr Laura Pike, for Hu
enenie.
ALBION— Nov Schr Newark, hnc
Nov 7.
Sailed Nov 11— Stmr Tillamook, for San Fran-
C MENDOCTNO— Sailed Nov 11— Schr Alice
Kimball. for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived Nov 11— Stmr Walla
Walla, hence Nov 7; ship Columbia, hence Nov
5; Etmr Cottage City, from Alaska; Br stmr
Saint Irene, from Hongkong.
Sailed Nov 11— Stmr Matteawan. for San
Francisco: Br stmr Garonne, for Seattle.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Nov 11— Stmr Se
quoia, from Newport.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Nov 11— Schr Co
rona, from Giiaymas.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Nov 11— Schr
Bender Brothers, hence Nov 9.
Sailed Nov Stmr Navarro, for Port Los
Angeles.
FOREIGN PORTS.
' YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Nov 10— Br stmr Bre
conshlre. for Tacoma.
MANILA— Sailed Nov — Br stmr Glonogle,
for San Francisco.
ACAPULCO— SaiIed Nov »— Stmr Colon, for
San Francisco.
NANAIMO— SaiIed Nov 11— Ship Slntram, for
Honolulu.
LIVERPOOL— Nov 10— Br ship Dun
staffnace, hence June 20. , "/,"
CALLAO— Sailed Sept SO— bark Altcar,
for Royal Roads.
NAGASAKI— SaiIed Oct S7— Stmr Columbia,
for San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE, Aun Palled Nov B— Br ship
Noi-ml for San Francisco. Nov 9— Br ship
Clan Graham, for San Francisco.
VANCOUVER— SaiIed Nov 10— stmr Em
press of Japan, for Yokohama and Hongkong.
BRISBANE— Arrived Nov 10— Br Btmr Aor
ancrl, from Vancouver.
Sailed Nov 10— Br ftmr Warrlmoo, for Van-
HONGKONG — Arrived prior to Nov 11— Jap
Btmr America Maru, hence Oct 14.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
BRISBANE— Arrived Nov Stmr Aarangl,
from Vancouver.
Palled Nov 10— Stmr Warrimoo, for Vancou
ver.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived Nov Stmr Cam
pania, from New York; stmr Taurlc, from New
York.
HONGKONG— Arrived previous to Nov 11—
Stmr America Maru, from San Francisco, etc.
YOKOHAMA— Nov 11— Stmr Brecken
shire, from Tacoma.
MANILA— Sailed Nov 11— Ptmr Glenoglo, for
San Francisco (not previously).
NEW YORK— Sailed Nov 11— Stmr Amster
dam, for Rotterdam; stmr Kaiser Wllholm 11.
for Naples, etc; stmr Patricia, for Hamburg,
via Plymouth; Btmr Umbria. for Liverpool.
Arrived Nov 11— Stmr Fuerst Bismarck, from
Hamburg, etc.
Arrived Nov 11— Stmr Lucania, from Liver
pool nnd Quepnstown.
BATLBOAD TRAVEL*
MOUNT TAMALPAI3 SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY. October 1, 1899.
WEEK DAYS— 9:3O a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:00 a. m. and 1:15 p. m.
Fare S. F to Summit and Return. $1 40
THOS. COOK & SON. Agts., 621 Market St.
.
EATLBOAD travel.^ _■
(Maln'Ltnc, Foot of Market Street.)  .
,, lt , _ Fbom October 29. 1839. - arbivb
.•H.O*Th^o4ri»u«l Li-xi..ed-O g <len.
•St:tOA •Milton, Oakdaleand ••"  J:\J'
•B:»Oa Ilmwaraa. Nil. * and W M Buttons. V^
•<J:OOa Atkntio Kxpresa-Ogdeii ™<\™st. w-i-a.
•9:o<»a. Martinez. Trac^Latbrop, . k |- on ; »»«ilsi<
I •»!»«a Port e COTt^'l'res r uo! lAiojaTe1 AiojaTe and I.os , o^ r
i MO:OOa V^^'Manineiaml Wayßtationi £«ItiP
I •1 1.OOA Hazards. Niles aud Way Stations. 2»*->F
! ■l!2:OUu Kilos, LiTermore. c , kto , n^ a c r - ■
meuto, Mendota, Hanford. VUaUa, i#rt _
PortenlUe . lllla
tltOOr Sacramento Hirer ........ J?;""*
•StOOp Haywards, Kiles and Way tat Jons. *<+**
•*■»»,- Martinoz, Han Ramon. \allejo, . .-
■ Napa. tJaHstofa-Hautanoaa...... » sl °*
•4iOOr Benicla, VaCHvil'o, Nticr«m<«iito..
Wo... Hand, Knights Lauding, ,
MarjSTill.., OroTillo .- "i at
•4«aOrNllc3, Han Joaoaud Stockton " 181
•S:OOpTho Owl Limited— Fresno,
Bakcrefleld, Kancna for Santa Bar-
b»ra, Los Ad . lea ..o .li
•0:80r Stockton, Mcrce.l, Frceno M-»l»»
•QiUUp Fresno, liakersliel.l, Bnnta Barbara.
Los Augcles, Doming, El Paoo, ■
Now Orleans end Bast •Si«A
•OiSOp Banta Fo Jtoiilo— Atlaiillo Express
for Mojate an.l Bast •oi4»¥
•OxOOp H*jiv.ir(U, NileaandHan Jose * 71 12 A
+O:ilOi- Vaflejii ;M2:I«F
•0:« Op Oriental Mail— and East •»i- i
J7iOOr Val.. Jo. Tort Coata and Way Sta-
tions J»:53»
•BiOsp Oregon and California ICxrreso, H»o-
ramentn. Marysrillo, Rn.l.lii'B,
Portland. rngct 50.m.l an.l V.ant ' *»-.IBA
COAST DIVISION I Narrow <;aui;e). ;•;
(Foot of Market Street.) .■ '_
•81 15a Newark, C'cntcrTilk%S»mlose,Felton,
BoulderCreek.HantaCnirßndWap
Etatloua «O«O«»
fail Or Newark. (Jentervillo, Ran Joso, New
Almaden, Feltou. Bonldet Creek,
Santa Orna and I'rincipal Way
Stt-tlous t IOl 5?*
Mil Newark, Han Jose, Loo Gatos. •»i3oa
(11: tap Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way .Stations , 8 *?
CPEEK ROUTE FERRY.
mm Sir. milClSGO— Feat of X»rk«t Stre«t(SlipB)—
•715 9:00 11:00*. a. Jl:00 *2:00 t3:C9
•4:00 15:03 •6:00f.«i.
from OaSUHD— Fcot •rßrcidwnT. — "0:00 8:00 101004.M.
$12:00 »l:00 13:00 »3:OC ti:o3 «B:OQr.M.
COAST DIVISION (Kroad Gunge). " •
(Third a|id Townaeml Sta.). m
"f6:lO\Ooeaii Viow, South Han Francisco.. • tO'SOr
Vj-.OOAHan Jose find Way Stations (New •
AliiJA<l'-ii Wednesdays 0n1y). ...... "I«»O»
•U.OOa Han Jose, Tres I'inos, Santa Cruz,
Taciiio Orovo. l'aao Hnrjlcs, Sun
Luis Ol>iapo, Surf, Lompoo » v « .. .^
Principal Way .Stations IJ'iJf
•lOi4*a San Josinnd Way .Stations •« »l
•Ili3Oa Ban J<>se an.l Way Stations........ »'•»«»
t»:4.">i> San -Matro, llcdwood, Menlo TarS,
Talo Alto. Santa Clara, Shu. Jose, :
Trcs Pinos, SauU On* Salinas.
Monterey nnd Paelflo fJroTO....- *;* l n?i
1 fatSAr San and Way Stations ........ .''* l. )p
i flilSr San Jose and Principal Way Stations » s «*
4AtOOr San Joeo and Principal Way Stations J»»OOi
•3sBOt> Pnn Jose ami Principal Way Stations * ! 2;' A
•G::iOl* San Jose and Way Stations t- «
Hlt4Sp San Jose and "Way Stations »«»^Or
A for Morning. P for Afternoon. .
•Dally t .Sunday exempted. t Sunday only.
;• fr, tirrday only. - ; . . - _; : .
I CALIFOKKIA KORTDWESTEW IT. CO.
SAIi FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tibaroa Perry, Foot off Market 8&
I ,___ SAX FRANCISCO "TO SAN RAJA.EU
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 8:00, 11:00 a. m.; «:»,
8:30 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays-- trip
at 11:80 p. m. Saturdays— Bxtra trips at 1:5»
and H:M p. m •
V : DAYS - » :20 « U:o ° a. M.i l--3». 1:30.
B:00. «:20 d. m —
• SAX RAFAEL TO BAN" FRANCISCO.
WBEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45,
8:<0. 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:65 and 6:35 d. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40. 11:10 a. m. : 1:40, 8:40, 6:C*,
6:25 D. m.
Between San Francisco and Bchuetsen Park
i sams schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
■ ) October 15, i
"Week Sun- 1898. Sun- v .Wc«'ic
Days. days. Destination days. Days.
T:SO am S:00 am Novato, ( 10:40 am 8:40 ara
8:S0 pm S:SO ami Petaluma. 6:06 pm 10:26 am
BrlC pm C:00 pmj Santa Rosa. 7:36 pm 6:22 pra
Fulton.
t:3B am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsbunr,
Lytton,
Geyserville, '.•-."■ "
>rto pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:88 pm 1:23 pm
T:SO am Hopland and
8:00 am Ukiah. 7:» pm 8:23 pm
| 7:30 am ' 10:25 am
I 8:00 am Guernevii!*. 7:35 pm
I 8:30 pm 1 8:12 pro
| —— . |
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 a:a
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:22 pm
; 7:30 am 8:00 am SebastopoL 10:40 am 10:25 am
\ 8:30 pm| 6:00 pm 7:83 pm| 6:23 pm
1 Stapes connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
I Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
I for Lytton Spring*; at Geyservl'.le for Slcaggs
j Springs; at Clcrerdala for the Geysers; at Hop-
! land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
| JCelseyville, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
I port and Bartlott Springs; at Ukiah tor Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. • Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Porno,
j Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's,
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle, Orr 1 *
i Hot Springs, Mendoclno C ty. Fort. Bragg-,
Westport, Ueal. Willltts, Laytonvllle, Cum-
minrs. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Bcotla an.l Eureka. •
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re- j
■duced rates. ■ ■.' 
On Sunday round triD tickets to all point*
•beyond San Rafael at half rates. - . / •
' Ticket Offices, 860 Market St., Chronicle bid*.
H. C. WHITING. ■ R. X. RYAN. .
General Manager Qan. Pass. -Aseat.
CALIFORNIA LIMITED
Santa Fe Route.
The fastest train, running over the best rail-
road, -with the highest class accommodations
Connecting train leaves San Francisco at
6:00 p. m. ".;.,••
MONDAY. WEDNESDAY, FRIDAY. SATURDAY,
Arriving: In Chicago at 2:15 p m
FRIDAY, BUNPaY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY.
! OVERLAND EXPRESS
i Every day in the year. Pullman Palace and
Upholstered Tourist Cars leave for Denver
, Kansas City. Chicago and the East. Take Mar-
ket-st. Ferry at 6:50 p. m. .
VALLEY ROAD
I Between Stockton, Fresno, Hanford Vlsalla.
■ Tulare^and Bakersfield, furnishes iood local
San Francisco office, 628 Market st, telephon*
Main 1531. '
Oakland office, 118 Broadway
Sacramento office, 201 J street. .' ; -
-; San Jose office. 7 West Santa Clara street.
KORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via SeoaaUt* Ferry.
Commencing October l isjm
FROM BAN K^ A NCISCO^Jx^V ALLEr
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill v a ilev and San R-,
a a tl' : o0 Ol a^°i n i d fo y8 p Z^mk - d S -^^
i Trains marked <*) run to q^ ft ,...,.
*w^| A S A^Z^K *!f*sco.
•12:30. 2:15. -3:40, -5T15 pm ' *<■ ' ? -* u *" m ' i
fe a F S A 8 I^l We<lneBd - *"
i
! 12:35. 2:35. 3:45. 5:20 p ,V J - '-• 9 - te L .m.j
THROT'GH TRAINS
I 1:00 a. «. Sunday^Tomaies^d jT^SttoSSCOMMERCIAL AND
FINANCIAL NEWS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Exchange and Silver as before.
usual weekly gain made in bank clearings,
her decline in Wheat futures.
Oilier cereals as previously quoted.
Hay accumulating, with ,: decline in the upper grades.
Strata rather higher. Fccdstuffs unchanged.
■■ ving again, colored sorts leading.
itoes, Onions and Vegetables about the same.
no loner, but weak and dull. Cheese unchanged.
v ranch Eggs scarcer owing to the rain.
firmer. Oranges coming in more freely.
ri:d Fruits firm except Prunes.
•ate demand for Cured Meats at unchanged prices.
ol and Hides active and firm. Tallow weak.
still weak and hard to selL
market shows no change.
Charters*
The Klllarney loads salmon at Victoria for
Liverpool or London, 40s.
Bank Clearings.
Local bank clearings last week were $21,753,-
ISC. against $16,424. 575 for the same week lv
■ ISM.
A Valuable Publication.
The Annual Review and Harvest Edition of.
the California Fruit Grower la at hand. It
la a handsome publication •with colored covers,
and Is Oiled with interesting Information re
garding the horticultural Interests of the
State. It Kivea the following figures concern
ing the cix-p year of ISM: Frash fruit ship
ments, 1?? Sfflj.ooO Its. ; prune output lor Cali
for '.a. 90,4*1,000 lbs.; other cured fruits, 37 -
400 (xT lbs. ; raisin crop, »0,631,'XW lbs.; canned
fruits' ar-.i vegetables, 2,6'.'2,3;2 cases; tomato
ipack, ■HX>C-91 ca.'-es; orange und lemon ship
ments. 10.576 cars; beet su^ar output, 36,180,'Xi0
lbs. ;' almond and walnut yield, 12,200,000 lbs.;
bop yield. U.b-'v bales; wool clip, 063, 240
lbs.; honey yield, 1.800.000 lbs.; vegetable ship
.menta, 75.540,0v0 lbs.; rlne and brandy produc
tion, 2'5,£25,0v0 gallons.
National Finances.
For the first four months of th« fiscal year
tLa Government receipts compare as follows:
139 :«.
' Customs J63~,73U8S ' 176,446.319
Internal revenue 'ci. 1 vs. 4*3 103, S7i>, 05S
■Miscellaneous 7.205.517 12.074.157
■-.;.• ,
Total : '.....J165,037.537 $130,900,151
. : The disbursements for the same Interval com
pare as follows:
■ • : . IS9S. 1899.
Civil .... j :.::.. "M) $35,235.533
War 1 17,520,368 57.318,21s
Navy 27.459.57S 19.521.i;«
Indiana 3,651,347 3.2H.426
l'en.-iona 46.6i0.071 47,788.150
Interest , 16,396,603 17.793,
Total *235, 725,52-4 $1*3,851.153
The Hay Market.
X.
The circular of Soott & Magner says:
• "Receipts of Hay during the last six days
have been SOU tons. The market opened up
the first of the week fairly good, and on about .
th« 6aiue lines as the end of last week. The
damaged Hay that still continues to arrive
sells slowly even -it extremely low figures.
There has also been more of the better grades
of dry Hay arriving, co that there Is enough
to fully supply the demand for such. k!nd«>.
The continued ralna this we>.-k have nearly
stopped business In the handling of Hay. For
three days it has been lmpobsible to hare our
regular market sales. A large quantity of Hay
has, therefore, accumulated on tha trarks here,
as the rain has made it Impossible to handle
the Hay oft of the oars.
"ArrivaJs of Alfalfa Ray still oor.tinue to be
of those kind that have been damaged In the
bales or damaged in the stack. There haa been
no first-class dry Alfalfa Hay on the market
this week. Damaged Hay is selling very slowly
an.l at low figures. No. 1 Alfalfa Hay, dry,
will sell readily at top quotations.
"Straw has been In better demand this week
on account of the eicecdlnly light arrivals.
Considerable is Mpectivl in, but It has been
delayed on account of th rains. Therefore, the
market at present writing is firm at a little
advance over last week's figures."
Weather Report.
OlCth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 11. 5 p. m.
Tfce following are the seasonal rainfalls to
£at 4as compared with thone of same dat« last
Season, and rainfalls in last 24 bouss:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 hours, season, season.
Eureka ...—....._.-.. 0.02 8.73 4.02
Red Bluff _-....„ 0.00 4.76 0.91
Eacramecto .„'... ... _ 0.10 5.60 1.00
6%n Francisco ............. 0.13 5.15 1.2
Fresno 0.00 2.46 1.15
Independence ......... — . 0.00 0.87 0.31
San Luis <~)bispo ..... 0.00 4.24 0.59
Lew Angeles -~ 0.00 1.57 0.59
Pan Diego _ 0.00 0.43 0.07
Yuma 0.00 0.03 0.18
San Francisco data — Maximum temperature,
6 ; minimum, 54; mean, 56.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen rapidly alone the
Pacific Coast south of the mouth of the Co
lumbia River. It has risen slowly over Wash
ington and Vancouver Island. Cloudy weather
prevails over the entire country west of the
Rocky Mountains, but rain has fallen only
through Centra] California and over Washing
ten. The temperatures have remained nearly
stationary. A maximum wind velocity of 80
miles per hour from the southeast it reported
at Fort Cantor.
The rivers of the Sacramento Valley will rise
slowly Bunflay.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 10 hours
ending midnight November 12, ISW:
Northern California-— Showers Sunday; fresh
southerly winds.
Southern California— Cloudy Sunday, prob
ab'.v showers; fresh southwesterly wind*.
Nevada— Rain Sunday.
Utah— Cloudy Sunday, probably showers in
the afternoon.
Arizona— Cloudy Sunday.
Ear, Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Sunday,
with conditions favorable for showers early
Sunday morning; southerly, changing to fresh
westerly, winds.
ALEXANDER O. McADIHJ.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS
New York Stock Market.
JCBW YORK. Wot. 10.— To-day's bank state
ment proved rather worse than the moit ex
treme estimate had foretold. The loss In tht
cash reserves ran up to J5.217.4C0, whereas th«
extreme estimate had been for only $4,500,000.
Some sanguine persons had hoped that the
cash loss would be offset by a loan contraction
as high as r.2. .000. Instead at that the de
crease In leans reached only $7,151,300. A« this
only reduced the reserve requirements to the
extent of $2,7w>.500, the caah losi«e« have re
sulted in Increasing: the deficit below the legal
requirements of $i!, 755.&50. It was not to be
expected that so formidable an encroachment
on the already depleted reserves or the banks
should be without effect, and prices gave wa>
all around. The losses In the railroad list are
etrlkingly email, in spite of a large volume of
dealings. This department offered a stubborn
resistance to the pressure and there were evi
dently heavy buying orders to be executed. In
tha specialties, especially those recently active
In speculation, th losses were more severe. In
Eugar the Coalers, the local traction stocka,
eepeolally Manhattan, Tobacco and Tennessee
Coul there were wide breaches In prices. Even
in" these the bears were eager- to cover at the
decline and come eharp rallies were achieved.
As loans made on Friday on the Stock Ex
change carry over till Monday, the day's money
market was nominal. Liquidation was in an
ticipation of Monday's money market and was
not forced by actual calling of login. Tester
day's latf calling of loans Is probably not fully
reflected in the statement, bo that the actual
condition of the banks may be slightly better
than indicated, but the course of the money
movement makes the necessity of further loan
contraction a practical certainty. The foreign
exchange market, like the money market. Is al
most wholly nominal on Saturday, but the
nominal rates for sterling were marked down
en additional half cent.
Traders In stocks generally seek to anticipate
t
a certain amount of outside buying which
comes Into the market after an election, owing
to the relief from the unsettling Influences on
business of a political campaign. There- was
isional buying of stocks on Monday with
this object and a resulting advance in prices.
There was also some outside demand on
Wednesda- as was expected. But it proved in
sufficient to absorb the offerings. The large
buying by the bear element during the previous
week had resulted In eliminating much of the
short Interest from the market and Its techni
cal position was thereby weakened. The course
of events In the money market demonstrated
that the hopes of a relaxation during the pre
vious wee* had been illusive. New York ex
change, which had hardened at various points
and at Chicago, had risen to 10 cents premium
I per 1000, eased off again in the latter instance
to a discount.
The activity of trade is making extraordinary
uses for money in all the countries of Europe
and In England, and in England this need is
aggravated by the war expenditures and the
cutting oft of the Transvaal gold supply, so
that a withdrawal of this country's credits
would have a widely unsettling effect on foreign
financial markets, with an effect on our own
market. For this reason the calling home of
credits is considered undesirable. But it Is the
conviction that in the event <>f any actual dis
tress for money In the country the world would
! have to pay its debts to us. The active and
I profitable use of money in trade even to the
exclusion of speculation on credit, is not felt
to constitute a threat to real values, even of
stocks and securities, but so long as expansion
continues in the country's use for money and
the Sub-Treasury continues to make demands
on the New York banks, it is evident that the
banks must continue to call loans to meet the
encroachments on their reserves, while the re
serves continue near the border of legal re
quirements. Stocks held with borrowed mone>
are thus reed to sale and fall into the hands
<j* those who have money in hand without the
need to borrow.
Bonds have moved slightly in sympathy with
slocks, but changes have been narrower.
United States old 4s registered advanced 'i,
do coupon new 4s and 5s > 4 and the 3s 4 in the
bid price. The 2a declined **•
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
S c a £ „ Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid
1.400 Atchison 21%
15,610 Atchison prefd 63%
20) Baltimore & Ohio 50%
100 Canadian Pacific 941^
Canadian Southern $2\
1.400 Chesapeake & Ohio 27
8.180 Chicago Great Western 14%
7,015 Chicago, Burlington & Quincy 130 V
100 Chicago, Ind & Louisville 11%
Chicago, Ind <fc Louisville prefd 42
Shi -ago & Extern Illinois 95%
400 Chicago & Northwestern 166
3,350 Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific 112
J 3,36--' C C C & St Louis 57%'
: 1,925 Colorado Southern 6%
300 Colorado Southern Ist prefd 46
Colorado Southern 2d prefd I* 1 *
700 Delaware & Hudson 119
4,350 Delaware, Lachawana & Western.. lß7'i
530 Denver St Rio Grande 20%
800 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 73%
Erie 12» a
Brie Ist prefd 37
325 Great Northern prefd .....171
Hocking Coal IS%
100 Hocking Valley 31%
Illinois Central 114
lowa Central 13%
! lowa Central prefd 5S
400 Kansas City, Pitt.-burg & Gulf.... 8%
i Lake Erie & Western IS
j Lake Brie 4 Western prefd 77%
Lake Shore 198
8.850 Louisville & Nashville 85
23.765 Manhattan Elevated 102
6,000 Metropolitan Street Railway 152%
200 Mexican Central 12%
Minneapolis & St Louis 70.
Minneapolis & -• Louig prefd 94
8,100 Missouri Pacific 46%
Mobile & Ohio 44
.- Missouri, Kansas & Texas 12
400 Missouri, Kansas & Texas prefd 88%
8,400 New Jersey Central 121
5.200 New York Central 13.' :
1.010 Norfolk & Western 26
2,f«» Norfolk & Western prefd 69%
2.925 Northern Pacific 53%
1.043 Northern Pacific prefd 74
1,0*2 Ontario & Western 24 T 4
Oregon Railway & Nay 42
Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 76
1.450 Pennsylvania 129
Reading 20
13.505 Reading Ist prefd 57
3,400 Reading 2d prefd 29%
Rio Grande Western — 37%
Rio Grande Western prefd S3
150 St Loui3 & San Francisco 10*4.
St Louis & 8 F Ist prefd 70%
200 St Louis 4 S F M prefd 36
St Louis. Southwestern 13
625 St Louis, Southwestern prefd 30%
12,845 St Paul 123%
St Paul prefd 170%
. . St Paul & Omaha. 115%
H.6SO Southern Pacific 40%
1.000 Southern Railway 12"4
4.000 Southern Railway prefd 557 a
2.<X'o Texas & Pacific 18%
5.200 Union Pacific 46%
8,435 Union Pacific prefd. 75%
200 Wabash >"*
1,000 Wabash prefd 21%
225 Wheeling &'L E 10%
1.055 Wheeling & L E prefd 29%
1,240 Wisconsin Central 19%
Express Companies—
Adams -.- 112
American 148
United States 48
Wells, Fargo & Co's 127
Miscellaneous—
160 American Cotton Oil 44%
American Cotton Oil prefd 9."
American Malting 12%
400 American Malting prefd 45%
400 American Smelting & Refining 35%
250 Am Smelting & Ref prefd 56%
American Spirits 4%
American Spirits prefd 17
$00 American Steel Hoop 43%
300 American Steel Hoop prefd 82%
4,200 American Steel *: Wire 46%
373 American Steel ft Wire preM 93
€10 American Tin Plate 31
American Tin Plate prefd 82
14,460 American Tobacco 118%
American Tim era prefd 143
COO Anaconda Mining Co 44
23.«70 Brooklyn Rapid Transit SST4
1,300 Colorado Fuel A Iron 53
2.320 Continental Tobacco 40%
810 Continental Tobacco prefd 90%
8.000 Federal Steel BSV.
1.000 Federal Steel prefd 754
200 General Electric 122
559 Glucose Sugar 4$
Glucose Sugar prefd 97
International Paper >. 25%
165 International Paper prefd <»%
200 Laclede Gas 77
National Biscuit 41
National Biscuit prefd 93
COO National Lead 25
National L»ad prefd 105
100 National §teel x 4T u
200 National Steel prefd 934
100 New York Airbrake 14714
7,000 North American |jtj
100 Pnclfic Coast " 50H
Pacific Coast let prefd %
Pacific Coast 2d prefd r,r,v
1,160 Pacific Mail .....I 4( v
6.27." People's Ga» IlOy.
600 Pressed Steel Car 19'U
15.270 Pressed Steel Car pr*M - r S j2
Pullman Palace Car IS^U
1.400 Standard Rope & Twine " iosj.
33,935 Sujrar .[.180%
Sugar prefd U'X.
6.570 Term Coal & Iron ]J3£
36.450 United States Leather " ' 25 1
3.220 United States Leather prefd .."."" 77
200 United States Rubber .. | 47
United Stated Rubber prefd ....... 112
Western Union \... fcsu
625 Republic Iron & Steel ' [[ jj2
230 Republic Iron & Steel prefd CSM.
p C c & St l ;; n%
347,900 Total Shares fold.
CLOSING BONDS.
V B 2s res; 100% M X & T 2ds «9t;
do 3g 108% do 4s 82%
do 3a coup 10SH N V Cen luts 112
do new 4s reg 128% N J'Cen gen 55... .11974
do coup 129% No Carolina 6s ...127
do old 4s reg.... 132*4! do 4s 104
<5o ooup -112*i|No Pac lsts .......IIS
do Sa reg liQ r }, do 3s I*,
I do coup ,~ UOT4 ! do <3 ... fv ........ 101&
~— .^^_« ._. .. — - - .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1899.
Dls of Col 3.655. ...117 .N V C 4 9t L 48.105
Ala class A 109 Norf & W con 45.. 93
do B no ! do gen 6s 135
do C :;; 101 Or Nay lsts 108
do currency ....ioo i do 4a 103*
Atchlson gen 4s. 95% Or Short L 6s 123
! do adj 4s 81% do eon 6s 1144
Can So 2ds 10** Reading gen 4i .. 86
Cbes & Ohio 4*s.. 95 v;. <} W lsts MM
do 5s 116%!5t L & I M con 55.110
C & N W con 7b.. 145 St I, 4 S F gen 65. 125
do S F deb 65.. .US St Paul cons 168
Chi Term 4s 96% st P C St Pao lsts. l2o
•D & R G lsts l00»i do 5s 120%
do 4s S3 So Ry 5s 108
E T Va & Ga lsts.loß% S Rope & T 6s 84
Erie gen 4s 70 Term new set 35.... 97
Ft W & Den C lsts 79 Tex & Vac 15t5. ...114
Gen Elec 5s 119 do 2ds 55
OH & S A6s 109 Union Pac 4s 103%
do 2ds 109* Wabash lets 114
H & T Cen 5s 110% do 2ds 100
i do ccn 6s 110 West Shore 4s 113%
lowa Cen lsts 113 Wis Cen lsts 75
I X C P & O lsts... 7014 Va cent 85
La new con 4s 106 j do deferred 6
L & Nash unl 4p.. 99% Colo & South 45... 84*
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 20!Ontarlo 7 75 ;
Crown Point lOjOphlr 45
Con Cal & Va 1 IS Plymouth 10 :
Deadwood 65: Quicksilver 1 75
Gould & Curry 20 : Do preferred 700 !
Hale & Norcross.. 35 Sierra Nevada 88
' Home-stake 65 00 i Standard 2 70
Iron Silver 66iUnion Con 25
Mexican 25 Yellow Jacket 18 1
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— | Wisconsin Central. 19
Call loans.. 5 Dominion Coal 46
Time loans 6#6% Dom Coal prefd....HS I
Stocks— '• Mining Shares—
A T & S F 21% Adventure 6 Vi :
A T & S F prefd.. 63}; Allouez Mng C 0.... 8*
I American Sugar... l6o Atlantic 25 ■
Am Sugar prefd... 117% Boston & Montana.3ls
I Bell Telephone 861 Butto & Boston — 62 I
Boston & Albany.. 256 Calumet & Hecla. .745
Boston & Maine. ..2os Centennial 22
c B & Q 130% Franklin 17
Fltchburg prefd. ...122 Humboldt 112
General Electric... l 22 Oscpola 58
Federal Steel 55% Parrot 41
Fed Steel prefd.... 78 Qulncy 150
Mexican Central... 12% Santa Fe Copper... 7%
Old Colony 205%! Tamarack 211
Old Dominion 29%'Wlnona 1%
Rubber 46% ; Wolverines 43
Union Pacific 46* Utah S3
Union Land 3%'
Associated Banks' Statement.
NEW YORK, Nov. 11.— The Financier says:
"The Associated Banks of New York City
are now $2,788,960 below the required 26 per
cent reserve. The week's operations, as dis
closed by the statement of Nevember 11. show
th.it the decrease of cash was $5,217,400, of
which loss $3,386,900 was in the form of specie
and $1,830,600 in legal tenders. Deposit contrac
tion : eve requirements only about
two and three-fourths millions, so that half
the cash loss came out of the reserve on hand.
atement J..es not differ much from what
haJ been expected. The banks in their week's
operation with the treasury were debtors to
an amount approximately three millions and
the Interior took nearly, or yuite, two million*
additional. In the face of a temporary spurt
in the. stock market transactions the ■;
of $1,151,100 In loans is interesting. The loan
item has shrunk since the opening of July
about $105.(A>o,000 and now stands at about the
same point reached at this time last year. In
i other words, the banks have lost in loans
all that they had previously gained as the re
sult of twelve months' active business. They
n the other hand, getting a higher rate
on their present commitments. It Is difficult
• future operations, but khe very
lack of money In New York now must bring
• b •n. The Inter:
iked to to supply the usual fall r
If! ment, but as yet there ar-^ no signs of aid
in this quarter. Specie Imports are not Im
probable, with exchange tailing. The third
Ltive Is advice from the treasury which
an al m rblng heavily from the banks all
B immer. Washington officials suy that they
It present no Intention to furnish funds
to banks through public bond purchases and
the. only remaining form of relief, if indeed
relief be needed, in to allow Internal revenue
to remain on deposit with the bank do
rlea, The situation, however, is not to
garded as critical for the simple reason
that the present conditions are due more to the
iperity than anything else. The
demands ol business in all quarters have
it ;L-ht to bear on New Y^rk a pressure for
that is unprecedented. This money,
aside from what the treasury has taken, Is
not being hr»arded. It is In active use some
whore, and in the course of time will return
to Its logical center. Just now Its absence Is
severely felt. Were It not for excess In the
treasury payments at New York It is not
probable that there would be much of a strin
gency at any point."
London Market.
NTSW YORK. Nov. 11.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The market here were quiet but Irregular
to-day. Americans opened fractionally above
parity and hardened slightly toward the close.
Changes were unimportant Union Paciflo was
bought, while Baltimore and Ohio was weak
est. Copper" were heavy. Tintos, 4*3; Ana
is, 9 1 *; Bostons, UH; T'tahs, 7%.
The official statement shows that on the
average the six months treasury bills were
taken yesterday under 4 per cent, instead of
over 4 per cent, as reported, the market hav
ing misapprehended official statements.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Nov. 11.— Canadian, 87%; Union
Pacific preferred. 17%; Northern Pacific pre
ferred, 77^: Grand Trunk, 1%: Anaconda. 9 1 *;
Atchlson, 224. Bar silver, steady, 27 6-16 d per
ounce. Money, 2V4 per cent.
New York Grain and Produce.
I NEW YORK, Nov. 11. -FLOUR— Receipts.
25,893 bbls. ; exports, 11,547. Dull and easy;
. Minnesota patents, $3 7608 95; do bakers', $2 85
@3 15; winter patents, $3 6008 75; do straights,
$3 3:.:i3 CO; do extras, $2 GO&2 £6; do low grades,
$2 2502 40.
WHEAT— 69,630 bushels; exports,
'; 117,602 bushels. Spot, weak; No. 2 red, 7S*c f.
jo. b. afloat spot; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 76%0
afloat to arrive (new); No. 2 red, 71' ; c elevator.
Options opened easy at %c decline and sold off.
The trade was depressed by liberal Northwest
receipts, clear and seasonable weather West;
prospects of bearish statistics on Monday and
a little foreign selling. The market was fin- |
ally weak, closing %@%c net lower; March
closed, 75% c; May. 75 n-16c, closed 75% c; De
cember. 71%<572*c, closed, 71 7 jc.
HOPS— Quiet; State common to choice, 1896
crop, 60; 1897 crop, nominal: 1893 crop, 10Sl3c;
Pacific Coast, 1596 crop, 4<gßc; 1597 crop, noml- I
Dal; 1893 crop, ll@14c: Pacific Coast and State.
1898 crop, 12015 c.
HIDES— Firm; California, 21 to 25 pounds,
; 19% c.
; WOOL— Quiet; domestic fleece. 21©26 c; Texas,
14515 c.
COFFEE— Options closed 5 points lower to 5
points net higher. Sales. 12,360 bags. Including
December, $5 50; January, $5 6002 55: February,
$5 66; March. 16 66; April, $5 65: May, $5 7&3
5 80; July, $.", 85; August, $5 90; September, $5 90
©$6; October, $6. Sp<)t— Rio. steady, but quiet;
No. 7 Invoice, 6%c; No. 7 Jobbing, 6*o. Mild
steady; Cordova, 8%011%a :
SUGAR— Raw, Irregular; fair refining, 4%0;
centrifugal, 96 test, 4*c; molasses, 3 9-16 c.
Refined, steady; No. 6, 4*c; No. 7. 4 7- 16 c; No
8, 4Hc; No. 9, 4 5-16 c: No. 10. 4 8-160; No. 11
4 l-16c; No. 12. 4c: No. in. 4c; No. 14, 3 15-16 c;
mold A, 5 7-lf.c; standard A. 4 18-I6e: confec
tioners' A. 4 15-16 c; cut loaf. 5 9-16 c; crushed,
5 11-16e; powdered, M4o; granulated, 5 S-16c;
cubes, 6 5-16e. ■' - : ,
METALS— The brokers' pries for lead is
$4 40 and for copper, $17 50.
BUTTER— Receipts. ?CB3 packages. Strong;
Western creamery, 10<g25c; June- creamery, IS
4?24e: factory. 16017 c.
I Receipts, 4246 packages. Firm; State
and Pennsylvania, 28024 a, loss off; Western un
graded at mark, 143200.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Nov. 11.— California ' dried
fruits steady:
EVAPORATED APPLES— 6®7c;
prime wire tray. 7%@Sc; choice, B%®B*c;
fancy. B%c.
PRUNES-8%®5%0.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, ISQH6O; Moorpark. 150
18c
PEACHES— PeeIed, 20^22: unpeeled. 7%@10c.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAOO. Nov. 11.— The story of wheat to
day wan one of continuous liquidation based on
the bearish tone of statistics. The down
heartened bulls let their holdings slide In a
despondent stream. The decline wns In spite
of Liverpool. The openlsg was a shade lower
at 67*<3'67*fee for December and May at 7!Vi'3!
71% C, This was the highest price of the day.
Receipts in the Northwest wer» liberal and theiv
was a prospect of an increase in the visible
of 2,000.000 bushels, and In local stocks of
1.000,000. The cash demand was small. Witii
this array of figures as an Impulse, the market
eased off from the opening, going %o under I
puts. December to 67% c and May to 710. There j
was a momentary rally of a shade on buying I
against puts, but it was merely a straw in j
the downward rush. At the close there was j
continued buying against puts and some cov
ering by shorts, which put closing figures at
67\»c for December and 71% c for May. The
market was dull and a belief that the price
would sink still more Monday, when statistics
are expected to be bearish.
Corn stubbornly opposed traveling parallel
with wheat. In this it was assisted by the
statistics. There was a report of damage from
frosts and dry weather in Argentine, and Liver- |
pool was firm. There was a difference of opin- |
lon concerning country offerings, but a major- i
ity apparently held that they were still small :
and not increasing. December closed at 31Vi@
31% c; May at 32%@32%c.
There was quite a good trade in oats, the
selling of May by professionals and commission
peopls being the feature. The ■ demand was
sufficient to consume the offerings. December
closed at 22%522%c: May, 23«i@23%0.
Provisions were a dull market and the price
tended downward. January pork closed 7%c
lower, January lard 2%0 lower and January
ribs 6<3 lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
November 66% 66% 66% 66%
December 67% «7% 67% 67%
May 71% 11% 71 71%
Corn No. I—
December 81*4 31% 31% 81%
January 30% 30% 80% 30%
May 82% 32% 82% 82% j
Oats No. 2—
December 12% 22% 22* 22*1
May 23:4 23*4 23% 23% j
Me6B Pork, per barrel-
December 8 25 8 25 8 20 8 29
January .'. 9 65 9 65 9 60 9 60
Ki^'^r :'.'- I 9 67*
I^ard per 100 pounds—
; December 5 02* j
I January .... 6 22% i
| May 5 37% j
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
December 4 87% 4 87* 485 455
January « 97% « 97% 495 _ 495
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; winter patents, $3 60^3 60; straights,
$3 10^3 30; clear. $3573 60; spring patents, $2 90@
3 60; straights, $2 80®S 10; bakers', $2'g-2 55; No.
3 spring wheat, 62V,-£»4c: No. 2 red. 67*^«S*c:
No 2 corn, £2c; No. 2 oats, 23@23%c; No. 2
white. 26c; No. 3 white. 24%@>25%c; Nix 3 rye,
• 4»*c; No. 2 barley, 3S@42c; No. 1 flaxseed,
$1 27%; prime timothy seed, $2 45*5£2 65; mess
j pork per barrel, $7 Bf.®B 25; lard, per 100
pounds $4 95@5 15; short ribs sides (loose), $4 85
©5 25; dry salted shoulders (boxed), $5 87*
6 50- short clear sides (boxed), ?3 80®6 30;
whisky distillers' finished goods, per gallon.
$1 23%.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrel 18.000 14,000
Wheat bushels 112.000 11.000
Corn, bushels 205.000 413.000
Oats bushels 316,000 218,000
Rye bushels S.OOO 5.000
Barley, bushels 104,000 8,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creamery, 15®240: dairy, 140
21c. Cheese, weak. 11%®12»4c. Eggs, firm;
' fresh, ISO.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— . Dec. Mar. May. !
Openin; 5 9% 6 10% 6 11*
Closing 59% 5 10% 6 11%
PARIS.
Wheat— Nov. Mar. -June.
Opening « 66 IS 85
Closing 17 &> 18 85
Flour—
Opening - =3 75 25 10
Closing - 3 ' 5 25 10
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Nov. IL— Cattle— Market steady;
yards well cleared; only best grades Etockers
and feeders on hand; cow market firm; canners
strong; good to choice $5 75@6 60; poor to me
dium, $4400$ 70; mixed stockers, $203 75; se- :
lected feeders. $4 2604 65; good to choice cows, j
J3 5054 50; heifers. $3-35 25; canners. $18008;
bulls, $2 5034 60; calves, $605 75; fed Texas
beeves, $4 2005 50; grass Texas steers, $3 250
$4 10; Western range beeves. J4S'5 30.
Hogs— Generally weak to Be lower; mixed
and butchers', $8 9504 27%; good to choice
heavy. $4-84 25; rough heavy. $3 50®4; lights,
{3 95^4 20; bulk of sales. $4 0604 20.
Sheep— Were slow but steady; quality only
fair; top lambs to-day, $5 25; native wethers,
$3 7604 66; lambs, $405»; Western wethers, $4
©4 50; Western lambs, $4 2605 25.
Receipts— Cattle, 400; hogs. 21,000; sheep, 2000.
Specie Imports at &Q:w York.
NEW YORK, Nov. 11.— Imports of specie this
week were J60.249 gold and $68,187 silver; ex
ports of gold and silver, from this port to all
countries for this week aggregate $792,105 sil
ver bars and coin and $2000 gold.
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 11.— To-day's state
ment of the condition of the treasury shows:
Available cash balance, $289, 098,869; gold re
serve, $2c.5,541,54L
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Nov. 11.— Consols, 103 13-16; Silver,
27 5-16 d; French Rentes. lOOf 20c Wheat car
goes off coast, buyers and sellers apart; car
goes on passage, easier and neglected.
LIVERPOOL, Nov. 11.— Wheat, dull; Wheat
in Paris, firm; Flour In Paris, firm.
COTTON — Uplands, 4 l-16d.
CLOSING.
Wheat— Spot dull; No. 1 California. 6s 2.11$
6s 2*d; No. 3 Red Western. 5s lOd; No. 1
Northern Spring, 5s ll*d. Futures quiet; De
cember, f.s »*d; March, 6s in%d; May, os 11 VI.
Corn — Spot steady; American mixed new and
old, 3s s*d. Futures — November, nominal; I>e
cember. quiet, 3s 6i<td; January, quiet, 3s C\ t d.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, Nov. 11_ — In the Wool market dur
ing the week crosebreds sold on a amaJl scale
and at Id advance over the la*t series of auc
tion sales. Only a small quantity of W r ool Is
now available. The arrivals to date for the
next series number 76.864 bales.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 11.— Clearings, $294,
--&54; balances, $51,374.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 11.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 63©54 c; valley. 64066 a; blue stem, 55c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash.. Nov. 11.— WHEAT— Club,
Etc; blue stem, 54c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days — {4 $3
Sterling Exchange, sight _ 4 §7
Sterling Cables — 4 s8
New York Exchange, eight — iy
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12%
Mexican Dollars 48 48%
Fine Silver, per ounce — £9^
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Inversnaid takes for Cork 62,
--767 ctls. valued at $54,100.
Chicago was dull, and shorts were the prin
cipal buyers. Heavy receipts in the Northwest
were offset by the steadiness In foreign cables
and prices showed little change.
The local market was dull and weak, with a
further decline in futures.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $102%@i03%; milling
$1 07%@l 10. , *•
CALL BOARD SALES.
. Informal Session— o'clock— May— 000
ctls. $1 12. '
Second Session— May— Booo ctls, $1 ll^- 24 000
$111%. December— , $104%; 10,000 '$104 v'
8000, $104%. **
Regular Morning Session— May— 12 000 ctla.
$111%; 20,000. $1 11%. December -SOOO. '$10414
BARLEY— There were gome sales on call the
first for some days. The market continues
sluggish and nominal.
Feed, 710a6c; Brewing and shipping grades
90@95c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— Seller "9»— 4000 otl«_
> . 2000. 85Vtc; 2000, 55%0. ollßj
OATS— The market Is unchanged. br-intr flrmlv
held, but dull. White. $1109130; Red $1 OTU
©117%; Gray, $107*0117*; Black. 97*'cu$l 10
CORN Eastern large Yellow, $1 u.-.ini aii~-
White. $1 05<ffl 07U; mixed. $1 02%®l 06 p er etV
RYE— 97%c©sl 02% per cU. P "'
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 90<$2 15 per otL
Flour and Mi Us tuffs.
FLOT'R-Callfornia family extras, $3 60®S 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 i()!sz sn; Oregon
and Washington, $3 4(ffß 60 per barrel for ex
tra. J3 25^3 40 for bakers, and $2 25®S for super
fine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 26 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 Rye
Meal, $2 i.i; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal. $2 60; ex
tra Cream Corn Meal, $3 25; Oatmeal, U 25: Oat
Groats, $4 B0; Hominy, $3 25^3 50; Buckwheat
Flour, $4(f4 25: Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina,
$4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 60; Rolled Oats
(barrels). $6 0566 45; in sacks, $5 85® 6 25; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Gre«n Peas. $5 per
100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
There were 118 cars of Hay at the auction,
the accumulation of several days; and as there
were no sales of consequence there will be still
more on the market to-morrow morning. Just
bo long as it rains. Just so much larger will be
■ the accumulation. The market is weakening
t under the pressure and a further decline Is
I noted, this time In the upper grades.
Feedstuffs are unchanged. Straw is firmer.
BRAN — IT 60 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI9@2O 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $IS@IS M per
ton: Oil Cake Meal at the mil!. $26@27: Jobbing.
J27 50@28: Cocoanut Cake, $20321; Cornmeal,
$23 50(524 50; Cracked Corn, $24@25; Mixed Feed,
?16 50i§17; Cottonseed Meal. $23 per ton.
Wheat, $BiS9 60 for common to good and
$10 for choice; Wheat and Oat, $7 60@9 50;
Oat, $7@S 50: Barley. $5©S; Alfalfa. $6@B per
ton; Compressed, $7010 per ton.
STRAW— 3O@4Sc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The Bean market ts waking np again. Col
ored kinds are the leaders now, and are very
firm. Still, a rood many Whites are b<Mng
shipped East. Stocks of River Eeane are said
to be almost cleaned out of first hands, and
there is a large quantity still on the river
which will never be thrashed, having been
6polled by the rains.
BEANS- Bayos. $2 75@2 8S; small White, $2 85
@2 95- larg» White. $2 30@2 40; Pinks. $2 SO-JS 65;
Rfds $3 65^3 75; Biackeye. $4 50; Butters. $3;
Lima. $4W05; Pea, $2 75@3; Ked Kidneys. $2 80
@2 "0 per ctl.
SEEPK-Brown Mustard. 3S3Vfeo; Tellow Mus
tard. 4!g4 1 -ic; Flax, nominal; Canary, Ufcc per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa,
nominal; Rape, 2^@3c; Hemp. 4®4^c; Timothy,
4@4V.c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 85©1 50; Green. $1 75
©1 85 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
There is nothing new under this head. Pota
toes are steady, and Onione are In lighter rup
ply and firm. Vegetables are as previously
quoted.
POTATOES— River Reds, sfl@6oe; Burbanks,
40'g'6Oc per ctl; Pallr.as Burbanks. $HJI 25; Ore
gon Burbanks, OcQfl 10; Sweet Potatoes, 500
66c for Rivers and $1 for Merced.
ONIONS- 65®75c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 4#6c per 1b;
String Beans, 4<S6c; Lima Beans. 4®6c;
Cabhasi\ 35®40c: Tomatoes, 25@50c; Kgg Plant,
40® 50c; Dried Okra. 12Hc per lb; Garlic, 2^iSo;
Gi en Peppers, 60Q86C per box; Carrots, 30'3:40c
r^r sack: Cucumbers, 40550 c; Marrowfat
Pijuash, fS^lO per ton; Mushrooms, SiglOc per
lb for choice and •lig'oc for poor.
Poultry and Game.
Several ram of Eastern will be put on to
morrow and Tuesday. Local Poultry Is well
cleaned up and firm, and dealers rather look
for better prices, unless receipts from the East
are too large this week.
Game still brings the high prices without dif
ficulty.
'! 'I/TRY— Live Turkeys, 13@15c for Gob
blers and U@l6c for Hens; Young Turkeys, 16
@17c; Dressed Turkeys, 17@19c; Geese, per pair,
$1 aOfgl 75; Goslings, 11609175: Ducks, ?I®4 so
for old and %i 50#5 50 for young; Hens, $4 50©
5 50; Young Roosters, $4(g"5; Old Roosters, $4 50;
Fryers, (3 50@4; Broilers, $3 25@3 50 for large,
$3fr3 25 fcr small; Pigeons. $1 25 per dozen for
old and $1 75@J for Squabs.
GAME— Quail, $2 60@3 50: Mallard, $6@S; Can
vasback. $6010; Sprig, $4@5; Teal, $3*33 50;
Widgeon, $2 B0@3; Small Duck. $2@2 50; Doves,
:: .v. per dozen; Hare, $1 - 'vi SO; Rabbits.
$1 75@2; Gray Geese, $3 50@4; White, $1 75;
lira.it. $2:3 ; English Snipe, $3 50 per dozen;
Jack Snipe, $1 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
There Is no further decline in Butter, but
the market la still depressed and weak. The
demand Is small. Fancy ranch Eggs are
scarce, owing to the rain, but the scarcity is
believed to be merely temporary. Cheese has
not changed for some time.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 24Q'25c; seconds,
23c.
Dairy— Fancy, 23c; rood to choice. 22@22%c;
common, 21c.
| Pickled roll, 22@24c; firkin. 21@22Hc; cream
; cry tub. 22M;S'24c.
Eastern— l7^lSc for ladle packed and 250 for
Elgin; Oregon ladle, 17@19c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild. new. lH4c; old. 10%Q
lie: Young America, ll%c; Eastern, H'glSc.
EGGS— Quoted at 25@32V4c for store and 3S@
! 40c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 27@28c for
j selected, 24'y2Cc for No. 1 and 20@22V40 for
I seconds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Grapes are firm, as the rains axe destroying
the remainder of the crop.
There Is no further decline In Oranges, but
the market Is not strong. Largely Increased re
ceipts are expected this week. Lemons and
Limes are unchanged.
Fine Apples will bring the top quotation, a*
there are few comix-.? in.
The few Barries, arriving are bringing higher
prices.
i 'Kc'inmrs fruits—
Apples. 3."'sfir>c i>er box for common; 76c@Jl
for pood and $1 2"fj 1 60 for choice.
BERRIES — Blackberries, $stfß per chest-
Strawberries, »10 per chest for small and
WTi'i for large berries; Raspberries, $4@6
per chest; Huckleberries, 4fisc per lb- Wiscon
sin Pranborries, $7 50®8 per bbl; Cape Cod Cran
berries, $S@9; Coos Bay Cranberries, $2<g2 25
per box.
Persimmons. fiOfiTSc per box.
Grapes, -.Vr, tisc per t">x: crates. 50ffS5c
Winter Peurs, 50e<5|l 25 per box.
Quinces, -ti ."'.'•■ per box.
Pumcgraiv - • '7 ■■ per small box.
CITRUS FRUITS Navel Oranges, JSf-4 per
box; Seedlings, >1 26®3; Grape Fruit, Jl.il;
Lemons. 7! i.?i SO tor common and $2(53 50 for
good to ehoi'-e: Mexican Limes. $4: Bananas J2
@3 50 per bunch; Pineapples, ?l!g2 50 per dozen
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
The week closed on a firm and unchanged
market for everything except Prunes, ' which
continue easy. This fruit Is sadly neglected
this year.
DRIED FRUITS— In sacks, 4%c for
40-50 s. 4%c for 50-60*8, 3\c Tor 60-70's, 3^c for
"0-SO's, 3c for SO-90's and 2%c for 90-100's; Apri
cots. ll@l3c for Royals. 12>4@16c for Moor
parks and 12@Hc for Blenheims; Peaches, 6@
BVic for Standards, 6@6>4c for choice and 7c for
fancy; peeled Peaches, n\i(g,lsc; Evaporated
Apples. 7®7%c: Sun-dried, r>#sHc per lb; Nec
tarines, SVi®9c per lb for red; Pears, 6H@Bc for
quarters and B©loc for halves; Black Figs 3a
JHoj White Figs. 4(&6c; Bleached Plums, S@9e-
Unbleached Plums, 7@7%c for pitted and iv»o
for unpitted._
RAlSlN'S— reached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb 10c; choice, 9c; standard, 8c; prime. 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. BV4c; choice, 7"4 c; standard. :*c
prime, oc; unbleached Sultanas. sc; Seedless,
50-lb boxes. sc; 2-crown loose Muscatels, 6&c;
3-crown, o^c; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers
2-crown. $1 50 per box; 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. $2: Deheea, $2 60; Impcrjal, $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California.
Chestnuts. B©l2 Ho; Walnuts, o©loo for
standards, and lO^fmVtc for softshell; Al
monds. \2<ftp\tc for paper-shell, 10@ilc for soft
and 6@6c for hardshell; Peanuts, s*i(sß^c for
Eastern, and fie for California; Brazil Nuts,
7V4@B^tc; Filberts. UH'&l^c; Pecans, 10®llc;
Cocoanuts. $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb. ll%c for bright and 104 for
light amber: water white extracted. 7^4<g7^c
light amber extracted. 6Vs!s7c; dark, 5Hc per lb
BEESWAX— per lb.
Provisions.
There Is moderate demand for cured meats
at unchanged quotations.
CURED MEATS— g^o per lb for
heavy, 9@9Uc for light medium, lie for light.
12Hc for extra light and 13c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12}4@13c; California
Hams, UH@l3c; Mess Beef. $11 per bbl; extra
Mess, 112 50; Family, $14; extra Prime Pork,
$12 DO; extra clear. $16 50; mess, $15@13 50;
Smoked Beef, 12c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6@6%c per lb for
compound and 7c for pure; half-barrels, pure
7Vjc; 10-lb tins, 8c; 5-lb tins. B^4c.
COTTULENE— Tierces. 79t«7Hc per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Hops continue dprr»*fed and hard to sell.
Hides ru!» firm and active, while Tallow is
quiet at the recent decline. Pales of Wool con
tinue literal at firm Quotations.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted steers
ll^e; medium, lie; light. 10^c; Cowhides, 10®
in.., Stags. 7c: Salted Kip, 10c; Calf, 10c;
Dry Hides, sound, 17©lSc: culls and brands
He; Dry Kip and Veal. 16c; Dry Calf, 18c;
Sheepskins, yearlings, 20:if35c each; short Wool,
SafitiOc each; medium. 7(XW9Oc: long Wool, |l@
1 25 each; Horse Hides, salt, $2 50 for large and
Jl 4 ; 1 50 for small; Colts. EOc.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. Bo per lb; No. t,
4 Vie; refined. ; grease. 2^c.
WOOL—
Fall clip— San Joaquln plains, 7%@9c: South
ern. 7@loc; Middle County, 10@12V4c; Humboidt
and Mendocino, K'tilßc: Eastern Oregon, lliflloc;
Valley Oregon, if.-yiSc: Northern Mountain,
free, lliii.V; Northern Mountain, defective, 90
lie per Tb. ,
HOPS— per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
There !» nothing to report In tbia market.
Quotations continue unchanged and there Is no
scarcity In any description.
BEEF— 7@7ViC per lb lor Steers and 6H@7c for
Cow».
VEAL— S©9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7c; Ewe«, BHo per lb.
LAMB— S(gS4c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. s^o for small, 5Hf 5Hc
for medium and 6@5%c for larg«; stock Hogs
and Feeders, sc; dressed Hogs, 7@s4c
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bag-s, 7S^Hc: Wool
Bags, 28530 c; Fruit Bags, 6c, 6VAc and 6»4c for
the three grades of white and 7&c for bleached
Jute.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8: Southfleld Wellington. $7 50; Seattle. J6;
Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, JS; Scotch,
; CumDenand, »76 In bulk and $11 25 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, 113; Can
nel, I 8 60 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, |9 «0; Coke, $13 per ton In bulk and ?15
In sacks.
Harrison's circular says: "During the week
there have been th« following deliveries of
coai, vis.: two from Washington. 7500 tons;
four from British Columbia, 8038 tons; one
from Australia. 2304 tons; total. 17.542 tons.
If double this amount had arrived there would
have been an Immediate outlet for It. Judging
from the lines of teams awaiting their loads
from recent arrivals from the north. Our late
rain storms have largely Increased the demand
for household fuel, which Is In very light stock
here at present. The steamers -*-hlch are coal
carriers on the coast are beating records In
making their round trips, as they are loaded
and discharged at an average of over 1000 tons
per day. Prices generally have not been dis
turbed for domestic grades, and steam coals
have advanced but little.
"Coal freights from ail foreign sources have
been marked up, aa tonnage Is scarce every
where. This must lead to better prices ruling
later on. Honolulu is still In the market for
fuel from Australia and British Columbia. This
trade Is diverting a large majority of our coal
carrying sailing ve-sets from their regular ports
and causes a temporary scarcity here. Our
seasonal rainfall to date will cause our ship
owners to head their vessels In this direction
later on."
RICE— Is firm. China mixed, $3 75G3 so- China
No. 1, $4 30^4 90; extra do. $5(5-5 26: Hawaiian,
U S'Wgu; Japan, $4 65@6; Louisiana, $506.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5%c; Pow
dered, b%c; Candy Granulated, Be; Dry Granu
lated, 4 7 4) C; Confectioners" A, 4 7 * c: California A,
; Magnolia A, 4Hc; Extra C, 43fcc; Golden
C, 4!* c; barrels, l-16c more; half- barrels, 14c
more; boxes, Vac more; 50-lb bags, He more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent. Dominoes, half-barrels, b%c; boxes,
BTic per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY. NOVEMBER 11.
Flour, qr sks ... 24.550 Hay, torn 442
Wheat, ctls "SO Straw, tons 5
Barley, ctls 6.64S Quicksilver, flskt 6S
Butter, ctls 94 E*s:s. doz J«:
Cheese, ctls 3S Wine, gals 34 400
Tallow, ctls 3.W Raisins, bx» 2,696
Sugar, ska 1.3*0 SUff&r, bblr, 4 ■
Beans, s>ks 2.060 Leather, roll* ... VB
Potatoes, sks ... 2.730 Hides, no JIS
Onions. 6k» W PfelU. Mis 133
Bran, sks 1,5*0 Lime, bbls IS2
Middlings, sks .. 1$ I Brandy, gals .... 8,500
OREGON
Flour, qr sks ... LOM Middlings, ik» .. MO
Potatoes, sks ... It" Wool, baiei .. 22
Bran, sks 4.816.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Contra Costa Water was active stock yester
day, 770 shares in email lots selling: at $77 25@
78 12 ; 3 . The fluctuations in this stock of late
have been due to reported discrepancies be
tween the earnings and the dividends and to
the acquisition of new properties. Otherwise
there waa nothing new on the Bond Exchange.
The Oil stocks were rather weak than other
wise, aa will be seen by the list of sales.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, November 11, 12 m.
Bid. Ask. : Bid. Ask.
V 6 Bonds— Equit G Ii Co. 64 64
<s quar coup.. — — Mutual El Co. 13% 14
Is quar reg.... — — OO L & H.... 45 47%
Is quar new... — 131 ; Pac Gas 1m... 564 60
3a quar coup... — 108% Pac Light Co.. 40', 414
Miscellaneous— S F G & L.... 67 574
Cal-st Cab 55. 117 — San Fran — 3*4
C C Wat 05. ...108^4 — Stockton Gas.. 12 — '
Ed L & P 5n.130 — I Insurance —
F & Cl Ry 63.115 — Firem's Fund. 22o —
Geary-st R ss. — 85 Bank Stocks—
H C& S 545.. 1074 — jAnjrlo-Cal 65 —
L A Ry 55....106>*i10€4 Bank of Cal... — 4054
L A LCo 55.. 99 — Cal SD & T.. 96 97Vi
Do irntd 65.. 99 — Fldst National — 245
Do Ktnd 65.. — — Lon P & A. ...129 —
LA& P R 55.104 — Mer Ex — 16
Mark»t-st 65.. .128% — Nev Nat Bk. . .18314190
Do Ist M 05.116%117% Savings Banks—
NCN G R 78.112 — Ger S & L...1700 —
NR of Cal 6s. 118 — Hum S & L...1060 1160
R Rof Cal 55.1i::%113% Hut Say 8k.... 39 —
NPC R R 65. 101 — .{? F Say U...500 —
NPC R R 55. 107 108 ;fav & L 50... — 85
N Cal R R 6s. 112% — I Sec Say Bk — 310
O GL & H 55. 108% — I Union T C 0... .1400 1440
Oak Trans 65.. 11 l 112 | Street Railroads —
Ocean S S 55..106%108 California 120 —
Om C Ry 65.. — — 3eary E0 ■ — V. ;
P& Cl Ry 65.. 1074 — ,Market-st 62 62%
Pk &O Ry 68.115 — Oak SL* H. — 60
Powell-st R 6s — 122 i Presidio 20 30
Sac El G&R5s. — — Powder —
9 F& N P 58.114% — California 170 180
S F & SJVss.llsVi — |E Dynamite... 85 95
fi Ry of Sal Gs.lOS}4 — Giant Con Co.. SS% S9«
SPof A 6?.... — 114 !Vigorit 3 34
S P C 6jU905). — — I Sugar—
SP C 6s(lS06).lll — Hana P C 0.... 1074 11
SP C 6s(1912).118»4 — Haw C&S Co — 98
PCIs eg 5«. — — Honokaa S Co. 34% 35
PBr is 123 — Hutch S P Co. — 28%
B V Wat 65. ...114% — Kllauea S Co.. 26 30
S V Wat 45.... 103 — Makawell SCo 49 49U
B V ■VV4!>(3dm).lol>i — Onomea S Co.. 36% 37
Btktn Gas 65.. — — Paauhau S Co. 34 34%
Water Stocks — Miscellaneous—
Contra Costa.. 78 784 A 1 Pack A85n.. 11374 —
Matin County. SO — Mer Ex Assn.. — ' 100
Spring Valley. 97% 9S Oceanic S Co.. 92 924
Gas and Electric— Pac A F A.... 1% — '
Cent Gas C 0... — — Pac C Bor C 0.145. 145 —
Cent L & P.... 6 7 Par Paint Co.. i% —
Morning Session.
Board—
25 Alaska Packers' Ai<sn 119 00
20 Contra Costa Water 77 25
25 Contra Costa Water ;. 77 50
25 Contra Costa Water 77 e,oi±
75 Contra Costa Water 77 75
50 Contra Costa Water 77 ST'J
115 Cortra Costa Water 78 y>\£
280 Contra Costa Water 78 00
$20,000 Contra Costa Water Bonds 10S 25
20 Giant Powder Con 89 1214
65 Giant Powder Con 89 00'
300 Honokaa 34 50
45 S F Gaslight 3 50
45 S F Gas * Electric Co 57 25
75 9 F Gas & Electric Co 57 12H
10 S V Water 97 75
$1000 U S 3s 108 00
Street—
$6000 Market Street Cable 6s 117 00
$1000 Los Angeles Ry 5s 104 00
BAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
10 Contra Costa Water 76 S7H
20 Contra Costa Water 77 00 |
100 Equitable Gas 6 25
100 Equitable Gas 124
7 S V Water 97 50
150 Vlgorit Powder 3 124
CALIFORNIA OIL, EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
700 Tidal Wave 135
675 Barker Ranch OH Co 1 10
700 Century Oil Co SB
300 Century Oil Co 90 .
1 Duquesne Oil Co 205 00
600 Oakland Oil & Gas Co 40
Street—
200 San .Toaquln Oil & D Co M,
200 Grand Central Oil Co 160
PRODUCERS' OIL, EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
600 San Luis 5 50
100 San Luis 6 62%
MIXING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Franclsoo !
Stock and Bond Exchange yesterday:
Morning: Session.
100 Crown Point ... 12 1 200 Mexican 33
100 Gould & Curry- 24 100 Ophir 69
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning 1 Session.
6000 Bullion 06 "00 Mexican 31
60 Con Cal & Va.l 35 300 Ophir S3
200 Con Cal * Va.l 30 350 Savage 16
5000 Con Imperial... 01 350 Savage 15
900 Gould & Curry. 23
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. Not. U~V. m
Bid. Ask. Bld Agk
Alpha 03 04 Kentuck _ nJ
Alta — 03 Lady Wash ... _ 02
Andes 11 12 Mexican 31 32
Belcher 29 SO Occidental 13 15
Best & Belcher 36 M Ophir 66 «7
Bullion 05 07 Overman ...... 14 15
Caledonia ..... 49 BO Potosl 27 2S
Chollar .20 21 Savase " 15 ,7
Challenge Con. 20 22 Scorpion .... 0* --
Confidence 65 66 Seg Belcher.... — 08
Con Cal & Va.l 25 130 Sierra Nevada. 36 3S
Con Imperial... — 02 Sliver Hill .... _ 01
Crown Point... 11 12 St Louis .... ' — 06
Exchequer — 02 Standard ... 285 _
Gould & Curry. 21 22 ; Syndicate — o«
Hale & Norcrs. 37 38 Union Con .... 25 26
Julia ........... — 02 Utah ....: 07 09
Justice „ 03 04 Yellow Jacket. 20 23
AUCTION SALES
THE
j LEADING AUCTION SALE
I *y^ OF THE SEASON . *W
&3§ IS THAT OF ALL THE Jtt*&
THOROUGHBRED YEARLINGS,
In training from the
BURLINGAME STOCK FARM,
Burlingame, Cal.,
Consisting of the handsomest, best formed
and best bred sons and daughters of Falsetto,
Bathampton, His Highness, Brutus, imp. Lord
Esterllng. imp. Ormis. San Lucas. St. Carlo,
Potomac, Racine and Flambeau, ever seen here,
and out of speed-producing matrons and famous
race mares; also
CHOICE CONSIGNMENTS FROM
Estate of B. C. Holly. G. Pacheco, J. J. Cmtf-
ter and Dr. C. E. Farnum. including magnifi-
I cent colts and fillies by Libertine. El Rayo,
j Morello. Imp. Clleveden, Imp. Trcntola, Major
j Ban, etc.. out of famous matrons.
Sale will take place
NEXT TUESDAY, Nov. 14, 1899,
Commencing at 7:43 p. m., at th»
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE
721 HOWARD STREET, NEAR THIRD.
Horses at salesyard. Catalogues ready.
WM G. LAYNG, Auctioneer.
£i& JfcS* .£&
AUCTION SALE
OF
40 HEAD OF TROTTING-BRED MARES
AND GELDINGS.
Sired by Hawthorne, Campaign, Moses 8,
Henry Thome, Cal Lambert and other well-
known sires, and out of standard-bred mares.
The property of HON. W. A. SHIPPEE. Nel-
son, Butte Co.
TO BE SOLD
THURSDAY, November 16, 1899,
at 11 a. m., at •■■..'■-
Salesyard cor. MARKET and VAN NESS AYE.
Horses at yard November 18.
CHASE & MENDENHALL,
(Successors to Killip & Co.),
Livestock Auctioneer*.
SPEED SALE OF HORSES.
WEDNESDAY, November 15. 1899, at 11 a.
m., J. M. Nelson's third annual speed sale of
' high class harness horses; 25 head with records
i and trials from 2:09 to 2:40; every horse will
' be shown in harness; this Is the blue ribbon
| sale of the Pacific Coast. Prince H, trial 2:09:
Ruby M. record 2:11H: Blanche L, trial 2:19;
I Exmoor. trial 2:16. and many others. The
chance of a life to get a fast roadster and
I good business horses of all kinds: also one cele-
brated imported French Coach Stallion. At 11
a. m. sharp. Bay-st. station, broad gauge, at
the Alameda Trotting Park and the Alameda
Sale and Training Stables, cor. St. Charles st.
and Eagle aye., Alameda.
| REGULAR WEEKLY AUCTION SALE.
£» Aft* J£a
TUESDAY, Nov. 14, 11 o'clock, at
' ORMONDE SALE STABLE, 1517 MISSION ST.,
i I I will cell 40 head or choice young Horses direct
! from the country. The ' above stock will b«
shown in harness any time up to day of sale.
S. ATKINS, Auctioneer.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
November, 1899.
Su. MoItu. We Th. Ft. Sa.
___ 1 /««v New Moon,
1 2 8 | 4 : Kg) November 8.
Z Z Z ZZ Z Z jjgjSgj
"T T ~ T-!- 8 8"i^0"i"TTi-mB^r8t Quarter.
" | I. i \W November M).
iiiLiiiLiliLii^ FullMoon. '
FuUMoorT
19 20 21 22 23 24 25 WNovemperB,
I z z z z z zlz Igggggg
Z ZjZiZ ZClZ @^eg£
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United State* Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Saa
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city frcnt i Minion-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 12.
Sun rises .6:49)
Sun sets » 5:0)
Moon sets 1:23 a. m.
a ITtmel ITlmel I Tim el • Time
• 1 1 Ft. I— — 1 Ft. ! 1 Ft. I Ft.
• id W! IH W ID W H W
12 ... 0:26' 0.7' 7:12 6.7 1:25 1.2 7:31 4.«
IS ... 1:16 1.1] 7:53 6.0 2:1!" 0.5 8:40 4.6
14 ... 2:04 1.51 8:35-6.2 3:08 0.0 9:42 4!7
15 ... 2:48 1.8 9:15 6.4 3:57—0.6 10:42 4.8
16 ... 3:31 2.3 9:54 6.6 4:451—0.9 11:37 4.7
'17 ... 4:15 2.6 10:34 6.6 5:32—1.1
H W D W H W L W
18 ... 0:29 4.7 4:59 2.S 11:14 6.4; 6:19—1.1
NOTE — In the above exposition of the ttdf-a
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th« j
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Th»
second time column elves the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tile
and the last or right hand column gives tho ,
last tide of the day, except when there are but.
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights'
given are in addition to the soundings on th» !
United States Coast Survey charts, except'
when a minus sign — ) precedes' the height. .
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower . -.v waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I From. I Due.
Albion ] Cape Nome Nov. IS
Miami Seattle Nov. 13
Aberdeen 'Portland Nov. 18
Alliance {Portland Nov. IS
Queen (Victoria & Puget Sound Nov. 13
Pomona [Humboldt Nov. 13
Aloha 'Cape Nome Nov. 13
Progreso Seattle Nov. 13
Washtenaw .... Tacoma Nov. 13
E Thompson... Seattle Nov. IS
Brunswick Oregon Porta : Nov. 13
Coos Bay Newport Nov. 14
Coqutlle River.. Grays Harbor Nov. 14
Del Norte [Crescent City Nov. 14
Tellus Departure Bay Nov. 14
Matteawan Tacoma 'Nov. 15
Portland [Portland •. Nov. 15
Columbia Portland Nov. 16
Corona pan Diego Nov. 18
North Fork Humboldt Nov. 15
Point Arena Point Arena Nov. 16
Crescent City.. ICrescent City..- Nov. IS
\\. itt Humboldt Nov. 18
Nippon Mam... China and Japan Nov. 17
Alameda Sydney Nov. 17
Samoa Humboldt Nov. 17
Bristol [Departure Bay Nov. 17
Mackinaw Seattle 'Nov. 17
Orizaba (Newport Nov. IS
Grace Dollar IGrays Harbor : Nov. IS
Walla Walla... [Victoria & Puget Sound Nov. IS
Colon Panama Nov. 19
State of Cal [Portland Nov. 21
Continued on Page Eighteen.
INVEST IN WHEAT AND CORN
By our DOLLARS & SENSE method. Abso-
lutely the only feasible plan of making large
and regular dividends without risk. Drop us a
postal and we will send you our booklet ex-
plaining how you can make a profit of
$747 ON EVERY $100
Invested in one year. Four years of unbroken)
success without one loss. Highest Bank. Com-
mercial and Customers" references.
THE COMBINATION INVESTMENT CO..
(Incorporated.) KK?H
Bank Floor Rlalto Bldg., Chicago.
IT PER CENT
Average monthly dividends earned and paid
for the past four years by our
DOLLARS AND SENSE
Method of investing In the Grain market*.
Send for our booklet fully explaining.
Sent FREE.
THE COMBINATION INVESTMENT CO..
(Incorporated.)
RIALTO BUILDING, CHICAGO.
1920
LATEST FRATERNAL NEWS.
Order Eastern Star.
Upon her return to Uklah Worthy
Grand Matron Mrs. Fannie T. Mc-
Cowea was tendered a reception by
her home ' chapter, Ivlngsley No.
BS. There was an address of welcome
k.ud congratulation by Minnie Jamison,
l, 8 worthy matron, who expressed the
satisfaction or; the chapter that one of Ha
members had been chosen as head of the
order. There were also addresses by Ly
r.ian Wilbert I liabcoek. past patron, and
president" of the High School; George
'Washington Stout, past patron; Rev. W.
ii Coffin X i->- Carothers, and others, ana
t!:en there was a banquet In the elabo
rately decorated hail.
The name of tho very active young lady
who has made an excellent record in tao
crder.who on last Wednesday night was
elected worthy matron of Olive Branch
Chapter. -Is Miss Melissa Gordon MoCon
key. not McCunskey, as previously an
nounced. The officers of this chapter will
be installed by Grand Patron George L..
lJarlmg. ■ . •
The election in Harmony chapter last
Thursday night was the most exciting
■that has been held in a local chapter in
many years There wero contests for .two
of trie offices, that of associate matron
and conductress. The former went to
Mrs. lAzzie Toruiingsen, who in the past
two years has btrtn most active in me
work lor the chapter, and who, with the
assistance- of her husband, John Tonmng
tseii, caused the membership to increase
in a wonderful degree, Tne lady was also
chairman t>i the committee that had
charge of the entertainment recently
given by this chapter, and which realized
more tnati $7uv. For conductress there
•were eight ballots and the voting was con
tinued until a Quarter 10 1 in tho morning.
l\»ur times- thero was a tie, although each
time there was a difference in ma num
ber of votes cast. The onlce went to Mrs.
.A. Bertholdy, and the associate conduc
tress chosen is Henrietta Albertlne Me-
Xiagaii. During the evening the defeated
candidate for the office of associate ma
tron asked that the election of Mrs. Ton
liiiig-sen bo made unanimous.
The grand patron and a number of
members of the local chapters will go to
Vallejo next Saturday to Install the olli
cers of Silver Star Chapter No. 3.
King Solomon Chapter at Its meeting
last Thursday night initiated B. C. Park
and J. W. Wrenn and received four appli
cations.
The Odd Fello-ws.
Past Grand Master James H. Simpson,
was, while In this city, one of the
most active workers In the Interest of
... left lajst week for
the purpose of accepting a
: i:.g offer from one of the largest ad
vertising hrniß in the United States. Mr.
Simpson has peculiar fitness for that class
slnass, and in his new field will had
>portunlty to let the Eastern people
know what a Californian can do, wh
.-n opportunity. While the member
will miss him it wishes h;m success
ture. In a short U:.
vill be rejoined by Mrs. Simpson, who is
,ye member of Loyal Rebekah
.
. grand master has announced the
, Visits: N ivember 20, to Niles;
■ . Auburn, where Auburn and .
meet In joint sesslo'
d, to Lin 24th. to
. R ■.-evllle
■
l'uich Flat; 27tl Ith, to lowa
■ jt Hill; and 30th, to
:Uff.
The Rebekahs.
c, on the first
h, had an open
Ing which was attended by a very
pie, who were fur
■ tterta.inment, fol
nee. At the meeting last
this loot, .ye more to its
.. making Beven
- rday night
er open meeting
us usual, have a most excel
entertainment and a
. :;g. This func
be known as "an old c\
Mrs. W. W. Barn<-s, the noble
. will, after the close of the term,
. H*-;ildsburg, where her hus
mo time.
■ Mrs. Hel< n M. Carpenter will
li • tmlnster, in
m part of Him State, being the
. ,i few weeks. A new lodge was
. last night with thlr-
A new one will
r . nstituted in Bodla
Loyal's Halloween.
The Halloween party that was given In
the barujuet hall of the odd Fellows'
building last Monday night by Loyal Re
be.kah LodLge was the very best of all
Halloween parties given this season by
any of the fraternal societies. The ap
pointments were strictly ut> to the old,
tlme-horjortvl customs of r*.>]rbrattnj* that
festival. The hall was prettily decorated
i" THE CREDIT HO USE"
■ Six Stories High
t Parlor Table of quartered
'golden oak. Handy shelf.
;j ( jracefnl and pretty.
85c.
A : -Car*Load of Parlor Tables just
: arriTed. That means over a thou.-
J sand of the odd, pretty, ornamental
*or p&ttocyuscfuL A thousand pleased
I home circles In that carload. Come
j and see them.
1 Yon will find some provision for
I ■.curtain needs in this list:
; Nottingham — extra wide, white;
'.. .-pairs:
:; • $2.75 were $3.75
•'; '"75 1.25
; ; Points d* Calais; white and Ivory;
{pairs: •
'V "-. $3.00 were $6.00
■ ■ ■ 5.00 '* • 7.50
I: . . 6.50 " 10.00
c#^ ' ; 6.00 " 10.50
•Xr . • 8.00 " 11.50
f! \'~ 9.50 " 13.50
{I; CARPBT DEPARTMENT
\\\; Rugs— an 'all-wool reversible rag
; \ -with fringed ends. Variety of pat-
' 4 terns and bright colors. Full of wear
'I and service. New stock. 30x60 In.
j 1 Rags of every size, material and
hue. Works of art and beauty.
•J Dainty bits for more ornament.
t ; ?Sumptious- Oriental creations that
if would cover a large floor and adorn
i\ the finest room.
2 FrmfeifveryrOakland, AlamHa, Berketer
!!■ M FRIEDMAN & CO.,
* . 233 to 237 Post St.
I ov*ituicig* NtwStoektoa
with evergreens in profusion, and there
was not a lack of fragrant flowers; the
chimney had upon Its mantel grinning
pumpkin lanterns, on the hearth was a
place for the cracking nuts, and there
were tubs for ducking for apples and all
the appliances that are In vogue in the
•'old country" for carrying cut the games
of that season. At the other end of the
hall was a witch riding on a broom on
her trip to the moon. Then all the pretty
lady members of the lodge, and they num
ber Si per cent, were on hand, together
with the handsome and not so handsome
male members, besides a great number of
the friends of the lodge were present to
enjoy the entertainment that had been
prepared for the evening. There was, In
addition to the numerous games and
dancing, a programme consisting of a
piano recital by Miss Gertrude Merfret;
barytone solo, Robert Martin; violin solo.
Miss Grant; cornet solo, Mons. Merfret;
piano solo. Miss Indig; ballad, Mrs. Arm
strong, and a Halloween essay by Jennie
Wright. The games included the mar
riage ' test, popcorn games, fortune de
lineation, flour and ring trial, fortune
cake, fairy godmother and others, and
the last on the programme was the
"ghost dance" at midnight. The ladles
who were responsible for the success of
the affair were Miss Margery Jennings,
Ruby A. Jewell, Sophie Decker, Gertrude
Engelbright and Jennie Wright. Alexan
der Jacoby was an able assistant to the
ladles.
Ancient Order Workmen.
Memorial Lodge will tender a reception
to C. A. Harlocher. ono of Its members
who has seen service In the Philippines.
Valley Lodge will have a smoker in its
lodgeroom on the night of the 29th inst.
Special Deputy Wells held an open
meeting at Petaluma. last evening, and
he will hold one in Santa Rosa on the 15th.
at which the grand foreman will deliver
aji address.
Ivy Lodge of the Degree of Honor will
give an entertainment in Oakland on the
night of the ~'d lust.
Mrs. Kato M. Poland, grand recorder of
th» Degree of Honor, was a sufferer from
br;iin fever durinsr the past week, but the
crisis passed last Friday, and she was re
ported as improving.
The Native Sons.
National Parlor No. US will give Its
eleventh anniversary ball In Native Sons'
Hall on the night of the 2Sth inst.
Grand President Frank Mattison. re
cently visited Yosemlte parlor at Merced;
from there he visited Oakdale, and then
went to the parlor at Stockton. At Oak
<!a4e he reorganized the parlor, and the
following named were installed as officers
for the term: J. W. Dunlap P. P.; J.
Buthermuth, P.; M, A. Lewis, R. L.
Thompson and E. P. Tulloch, V. Ps. ; W.
J. Hughes, T. : A. E. Schadllch, R. S. ; J.
c. Whyte, F. S. ; Joseph Kahn, M. ; Ray
Acker, I. S. ; B. L. Sisson, O. S. ; W. E.
Miller, F. li, Randall and H. W. Hughes,
trustees.
National Parlor has appointed W. E.
McCreery. P. Dv Py. F. P. Wehe. W. M.
Brown and H. F. Linkendey as Its dele
gates to the joint 9th of September com
mittee for 1900.
Grand Treasurer H. S. Martin and
Grand Secretary Lunstedt, who on last
Tuesday left for a tour of visitations in
the extreme northern part of the State,
report that they are becoming acquainted
with "the beautiful snow."
•• Horn Parlor, at Colfax, !s reported
ngly well, and :.-■ looking
forwaru to a visit from grand officer.- at
an eariy dat<». i>n the night of the 41 h
Inst a cave of Curly Bears was instituted
by. the parlor, and at the Institution there
were present ma old gray bears
and young I m Grasa valley, Ne
vada City. Dutch Flat and other places in
Inity.
Grand First Vice President R C. Rust
irislUng. <»n the night of
tha Ist inst. he was at Marysville; 2d, at
Tracy; 3d, with San F Parlor; 4th,
at Winters, and sth, at Stockton,
Grand President Mattis it will make vis
its as follows: November 13, I
ville; 14, to Salinas: 15, '•• San Miguel; 16,
to Cambria: is to Nlpomo; 20, to San Luis
- : 21. to Holllster: 22, to Alcalde Par
lor, San Francisco, and 23, to Menlo Park.
Rlncon Parlor on last Wednesday night
had an addition to its membership, five
having been received by Initiation.
Mission Parlor No. 38 has arranged for
a grand prizu masquerade ball to be given
in Mission Parlor Hall on Thanksgiving
eve, the 29th inst.
The Native Daughters.
Nominations for officers to be elected
for the ensuing term will be iro.de at the
last hf-ld meeting in each parlor, and the
election will take place on the llrst meet
ing night In December.
Sans Souci Parlor Is in the rank of
those parlors that are moving forward,
judging from the activity of the mem
bers in the matter of increasing the rolL.
Last Friday seven strangers were ad
nutted to the parlor by initiation, making
twenty-five that have been admitted since
last August. The parlor is arranging for
a party to be given during the current
month and of which notice will be given.
Minerva Parlor No. i.' announces a rag
doll party to be given in the banquet hall
of the Native Sons' building on the night
cf the fcth of December. The committee
of arrangements is working hard in this
matter, and it expects to give the many
friends of the parlor an evening of social
pleasure that will linger long as a pleas
ant memory. Tills is one of the progres
sive parlors of the order. It has admit
ted by initiation a number of strangers
since the beeinning of the term on the
first of last July, and it will have work in
the initiatory degree to-morrow night.
Darma Parlor initiated 6ix candidates
and had five more to refer to approprhas
committees. It also received two appli
cations. These are the result of the re
cent entertainment and dance given by
this parlor, all having formed a favorable
opinion of the membership. The charter
closed on that evening with a membership
of fifty.
Foresters of America.
A few evenings ago a number of the
members of Court Yerba Buena of the
Foresters of America, the court deputy,
George K. Small, and a few invited guests
enjoyed a jolly trolley ride over the elec
tric lines, and after the run had been
made over the various routes there was
a run to the Ocean beach, where a fine
collation was spread. At that place some
one deposited on the plate of the court
deputy a line tspeciment of sea gull, and
he thought that some kind brother had
treated him to a tine duck out of season,
but when he discovered his mistake he
Btarted on the trail for the one who had
played on his .innocence, and when he
llnda him well, somebody will have to
treat. The troileyites had a fine collation,
singing, story telling and a good time
generally before returning to the city.
Those who were of the party were: S.
McCord, H. Nathan K. J. Cellrich, J. A,
Preston, A. Pease, R. I. Perry, F. Koett
t<r, W. V. Beward, M. Salomon, A. Salo
mon, A. N. Tucker, B. O. Wilkins, C.
Waschiw, ii. C. Tucker, K. L. Genius,
Philip Jackson, P. G. Bauch, A. Accordl.
G. Boldemann O. W. Boyd, Samuel Has
sett. Dr. E. F. Card, Joseph Cereghino,
Harry Coburn. William Carlson. John
Caldarella, W. 11. Dunn, Eugene Dasae
John Erasmy, H. L. Ellis, A. Farnlareher
John Ferrettl, W. G. Fonda, Joseph Fer
iea, Louis Ferrea, Samuel G. Froman,
Isaac Freeman, T. J. Glynn, H. Glander,
L. W. Hollinrworth, F. Higgins, E. S.
Howes, John Hodgens, C. L. Holland, T
8. Hunt, A. C. Imhaus, M. Kljwnak, M.
J. Kelly John Klesovich, Frederick Kiel
K. A. Kopnen, Max Korn, .M. Levl, c'
L,abhard, R. J. Manning: H. Muller S.
McNaJly, J. V. Kennedy. J. Boggs, Frank
Dunne and Deputy Grand Chief Ranger
George K. Small.
J. Samuels, past grand chief ranger, has
been appointed deputy supreme ranger for
the jurisdiction of California.
Monday, November 20. will be the tenth
anniversary of the institution of the
grand court of California.
Last week Grand Secretary Cordy, ac
companied by Jacob Label of the American
Forester Review, paid a fraternal visit
to Court U. S. of America and they were
well received.
Last night the grand secretary was in
Bonora, where he instituted a new Italian
£? Urt \,. being assisted by Chief Ranger
GianelU of Stockton. Two more courts
will soon be instituted.
Companions of the F. of A.
Ocean View Circle at Santa Barbara at
a recent meeting Initiated four candidates
and at the previous session had five
ptrangers who were admitted by initia
tion. In the latter part of October it had
a social in Fithian Hall which was a most
enjoyable affair.
On hor recent trip in the interior Mrs
Q^a i? cobSl ran<a , chief companion,
visited ManzanJta Circle at Angels, Moth
er Lode Circle at Jameßtown, Sonora Cir
cle at Son a and Stockton Circle at
Str^uton. Tha c cl( at Jamertown and
Bonora were found not ah active a* they
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 12. 1899.
might be on account of depression in the
communities because the mines had closed
down for lack of water, but as there are
brighter prospects ahead the members
promised to devote more attention to the
work of the order. At Angels the circle
was found in a flourishing condition, and
at the close of the business the visiting
official was the guest at a banquet. At I
Stockton the grand officer was greeted by
twenty-eight out of the thirty members, a
remarkable percentage of attendance. The
meeting was an interesting one, and after
adjournment supper waa served and an
enjoyable hour was spent by all. Why
Miss B, P. Hally, a member of the circle,
was not present to welcome the grand
chief was made apparent when it was au
nouncea that she was in Woonsocket, R.
L, where on the 25th of last month a li
cense had been issued to allow her to be
come the wife of Charles Little.
The committee that has charge of the
entertainment and social that will be |
given in the social hall of the Alcazar
building on the night of the 29th inst. by
San Francisco Circle has prepared an ex
cellent programme.
Next Thursday night Robin Hood gives
its domino party in the social hall of the
Alcazar, and as a wide-awake committee
will manage this function it Is bound to
be a most enjoyable one.
The date of the official visit to Golden
Era Circle has again been changed, this
time to Thursday, December 21, in Pyth
ian Castle.
The "We Lead and Others Follow Cir
cle," Inter Nos No. 215, held a very en
thusiastic meeting last Tuesday. It re- |
ceived three applications, so that at the j
next meeting, on the 21st Inst., there will i
be live strangers to be admitted by Initia
tion. The circle will give a domino party
on the 12th of December. On the third
Tuesday of this month there will be an
election for officers for the ensuing term. !
l^ast Thursday nisht Excelsior Circle I
had work in the initiatory degree, and the !
officers are entitled to credit for the ex- I
ceilent manner in which the work waa !
performed.
Last evening Grand Chief Companion
Mrs. Jacobs paid an official visit to Lorely I
Circle, and she was accompanied by a j
number of the grand officers. The visit I
was a very pleasant one, being mutually
agreeable to the visitors and the visited.
Miss Agnes D. Bremer, grand financial
secretary, has withdrawn her resignation,
which she tendered to take effect in De- j
cember.
Ancient Order of Foresters.
On the night of the 4th inst. the 1900
Club of the Ancient Order of Foresters
gave a ball in Ytreln Eintracht Hall on
Twelfth street, which was well attended
and was a source of much enjoyment to
all who were present and fond of (lanc
ing.
Knights of Honor.
Liberty Lodge will have a house-warm
ing In its new Quarters In the Alcazar
building, after which there will be a first
class programme of entertainment in the
social hall of the building. This will oc
cur on the night of the -Oth inst.
Thomas .burned, P. G. D., has been ap
pointed by Grand Dictator Archibald dis
trict deputy lor Liberty and Poiar Star
lodges.
To-morrow night James Taylor Rogers
will lecture on "Trusts" before the mem
bers of Verba Buena Lodge. The well
known ability of the lecturer will no
doubt attract a large number of the mem
bers.
Fremont Lodge of Salinas is advancing
and bids fair to become one of the larg
est In the State.
The C. H. M. Curry Lodge is • ontinual
ly adding to its membership. It has
doubled it in the past two years.
The supreme reporter's list, dated No
vember l, shows 147 deaths, of wn*ch nine
occurred in California.
Knights of Pythias.
Gnld Hill Lodge No. 218 has been Insti
tuted at Knob, Shasta County, by George
D. Premiss of French Gulch, special dep
uty grand chancellor. It has thirty-two
charter members. Charles Frank Stark
Is the chancellor ami Clarence X
keeper of records and seal.
Another lodge will shortly be Instituted
in Los Angeles County.
Commencing to-morrow Grand Chancel
lor Arndt will start on a tour of ol
visitations, working his way north from
1. - Angeles.
On the Jd Inst. Golden City Lodge con
ferred the knight rank in fine form.
Zerln Kapi Temple No. 12. D. O. K. X.,
is preparli I • lass of inno
cents on :h September, who will be
carried across the sands of the uesert on
the temple's ancient camel in fine style.
Rathbone Sisters.
A few evenings since the members of
Loyal Temple No. 47 of the Rathbone
Sisters tfave a surprise party to its dep
uty grand chief, Mrs. Margaret M. Chlou
pek, at her home, BS4 Alice street, Oak
land. The members, carrying- baskets
filled with good things, called at the
house, and whea the door was opened
they took charge. The self-invited guests
w.;re welcomed by the deputy and her
husband ond a most pleasant eveninjj was
spent with music, cards and games. Ihe
sion for ail tills was the anniversary
of the birth of the deputy. At the coila
tion which followed the enjuyable time
In the narlor there were a number of
short speeches appropriate to tne occa
sion and l-tri^adier General Frank Mer
guire and Paßt Grand Chancellor George
Samuels were among the speakers.
On the night of the 3d inst. the mem
bers of Ban Francisco Temple paid a
visit to Kast Oakland Temple and wit
nessed work in the initiatory degree. Dur
ing the evening District Deputy Mrs.
Chloupek was again surprised. Mrs. Anna
M. Lieae on behalf of the temple present-
Ing her a beautiful silver vase In memory
of her birthday. E. F. West, whose anni
versary fell on the same night, \.as also
presented a token of esteem, he making
an eloquent response. These events were
followed by a banquet, which was en
joyed to the fullest by all.
Lest Thursday night there was a dis
trict convention of San Francisco Tem
ple in PythiaJi Castle In this city, at
which there were present visitors from
("alanthe, East Oakland and Loyal tem
ples. One stranger was admitted by ini
tiation and two petitions were received.
Under good of the order Will J. lieatty
In an eloquent address explained the prin
ciples of the order which are purity,
love, ec4uality and fidelity and alluded to
Drake's address to the American flag, to
"The Star-spangled Banner" and its au
thor, when Sir Knight S. Isaac entered
the room carrying a line silk American
flag, which the speaker, on behalf of
the standard-bearer, presented to the
temple. The gift was accepted on behalf
of tne temple by Ida A. Mecredy, M. K.
C, in a touching speech. After the pre
sentation Sir Knight Isaac further sur
prised the temple by providing the mem
bers a fine supper In the banquet room.
The donator was the hero of the evening.
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
Aurora Ix>dge No. 202 will, on the night
of the 20th lnst., tender a reception to
Supreme Representative Mrs. L. J. Wheel
ock, who recently returned from the Su
preme Lodge session held in Indianapolis.
This will be In the lodgeroom in Union
Square Hall.
Supreme Representative Mrs. L. J.
Wheelock, P. (.}. P., speaks in high terms
of praise of the consideration shown Cali
fornia at the recent Supreme Lodge ses
sion.
Last Friday nipht there was a meeting
In the l\all of Martha Lodge of members
of all the local lodges and of the grand
officers, when there was explained In full
the recent changes that have been made
in the assessment rates and the reasons
therefore- It wax announced that the new
rates, adopted after a full consideration,
were for the purpose of placing the order
on a true business basis in the manner of
conducting its affairs, and of insuring
prompt payments to beneficiaries.
Knights of the Golden Eagle.
California Castle No. 1 of the Knights
of the Golden Eagle, at Its meeeting la.st
Wednesday night, received two applica
tions, which wero referred to proper com
mittees, and it was decided that the cas
tle have a banquet for its members and
invited friends. In one of the leading- res
taurants, on the night of the 29th lnst.
This, for the purpose of making the
strangers acquainted with the Knights
■who are members of the castle.
Knights of the Maccabees.
Golden West Tent at Its session last
Tuesday night was occupied in the adop
tion of new by-laws. This tent has made
most remarkable grains. In a few months
it Increased its membership from 38 to 235,
and It now has forty applications In the
hands of investigation committees.
Pacific Tent, on the evening of the 3d
tnst., had an entertainment for its friends,
after htvtn* Initiated two candidates.
Hales.
■ .^a. A ® ■ "t" ♦
*T" : — " .roods are good for Christmas; JL A & a book from
burnt leather o a m *™%™£ 0 them; lessons fi^^T g?m M 4 L Santa Claus
Riven, materials and tools supplied; Bee goods in art de ayr" %&&fa^S&JIP ffl M£ M feU-** JL for our out-of-town little
partment, main Moor, rear. H\gk CtTiW /^"^S^ wJr HT A -J3W^* folks; all about the toys
♦ — -_ .- ' j>A m vmk. ma <^ &r fF m JJB^. and good goods he brings
r at6A'm^^ SThI ■ JEr K& WiVE. for Cnrlstma9 : KrisKrin-
black dress goods
fine French black surah, twilled
serge; full 50 in. wide; you would not
expect it for less than $1 25 else-
where; at Hale's $1 00 >' ard
black cheviots for rainy weather;
guaranteed to shed water and not to
spot; extra heavy quality; 50 in. wide
* $1 00 yard
colored dress goods
heavy diagonal all-wool suitings, 46
in. wide in 17 new colorings: there is
but one case, 33 pieces; while it lasts
the price is 60c >' ard
50 pieces strictly all-wool serge, 45
In. wide; in all the new and staple
colorings , BOc >' ard
2 lots of fancy suitings. 3S In. wide;
matalasse grounds, with overshot ef-
fects of fancy colored silk ..35c yard
black silks
heavy black corded silk, with fancy
colored persian stripes; the most pop-
ular goods for fancy waists. sl 00 yard
black peau de soie, all pure silk and
the best black dye; excellent values;
20 and 24 In. wide 75c. 85c yard
black duchesse; quality the highest
grade and our guarantee for It; 22 in.
$1 50 yard
colored silks
exclusive styles in fancy silks, in-
cluding corded persian, ermine and
cashmere stripes; 21 in. wide i
$1 60 yard I
plain corded silk on satin and taf-
feta grounds, in all the fall colorings
and white; 19 in. wide $1 00 yard
new lot of velvet; all the season's
new shades $1 00 yard
good dolls
we have a good doll store operated
by the same merchandising methods
that have expanded our business to
six California Btores. we buy dolls
in every part of the earth where they
make them best.
kid body doll, with riveted movable
joints, shoes and stockings, curly
hair and bisque head, fixed eyes; all
siz.-s from 12 in.. 25c, to 19 In, for..sl |
same doll, with movable eyes, 12 in.,
35c. to 19 in. at $1 25
Kestder kid body doll, shoes and
stockings, bisque head, sewed wig and
curly hair; moving eyes; S sizes
from 11 in. at 25c to 25 In. at ....$2 50
jointed doll, with bisque head, curly
hair, moving •••■• s, 1 shoes and
stockings: 10 sizes from 1" In. at 35c |
to 32 in. at $6 50 j
unbreakable dolls; cloth body, with |
curly hair; 4 sizes from 13% in. at
60c to 17i4 in $1 25
talking doll that can say "papa"
and "mamma"; 15 in. tall; closing |
eyes; with baby cap 50c j
flannelettes
the fleecy kind, In stripes and
checks; light colors, pinks and blues;
warm texture; 27 in. wide 7c
.... nckixrc • the selling of our pattern hats goes on;
miliinCPy nCWS* every day sees the few become fewer;
Paris patterns at half, London patterns at two-thirds import pices; there is
full value in the hats; you get the half and the third extra; it's our way.
draped turbans from our own work- jQk
'Wimt^ijs rooms have been reduced to make >*—^«^/©2>m
J^&jffll their present popularity more popu- Ars~£&mSt
S&^^!H*x!£y seven-dollar, eight-dollar and nine- A /( \y^^lj^w
>J*£~ ''Jftf dollar stylishly trimmed dress hats q^s^/u^^Jo
$&ojjs&jlfc * ten-dollar and twelve-dollar hats tsL^t^}?^/))
Jiffi **%S!a^ stylish felt hats for misses or chll- VpE^ymflf^
A ' f£(P drr-n in navy, brawn, castor, pearl, )wfl » Y.
3,V^>'^/Mr cardinal, green, royal and black; 3 \%\?' J At
W^i'tMr' different shapes; they will trim up 'jrlfeStf
P^T --^*3 prettily; the 50c quality for 25c %v**\-"te
~^fT \^V"^S hand painted quills; designs and Vm\,J&&*
V / /M v \_, to colorings excellent; but assortments n '
/ X y \ V have become broken, so that from f~ the doll erot
'-<i I 25c and 37^c they are reduced to ..20c I interest for the
men's wear
men's laundered shirts; Wamsutta
muslin; linen bosom; double back and
front; patent gussets throughout; split
neckband; bought to sell for Jl; they
are slightly soiled, but the quality is
uninjured '9°
m.-n's n.itural underwear; made and
trimmed in first-class shape every
way, and a good warm garment; our
Jl 25 line, but to make them more at-
tractive they are priced now at..sl 00
SERVICES THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES.
First Baptist Y. M. C A., Mason and Morning— "The Three Crosses." Evening—
Ellis streets— Rev. E. A. Woods. "Shall We Give Up Prayer."
Hamilton Square Baptist. Post street, near Morning— "The New Testament Church—
Stelner— Rev. W. C. Jenkins. Organization." Evening— "The First Com-
mandment."
Emmanuel Baptist. Bartlett street, near Morning— "The Character of Nehemlah."
Twenty-third— Rev. J. George Gibson. Evening "The Path of Life."
St. Mary's, California and Dupont streets— Morning— Mass at 11 o'clock: sermon by
Paullst Fathers. Rev. Father H. H. Wyman. Evening-
Vespers and sermon by Rev. Father Mc-
Court.
St. Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue and Morning— Mass at 10:30: sermon by one of
6' Parrel 1 street— Rev. Father Prender- the Fathers. Evening — and ser-
gast, V. G. mon. :*.-.',
St. Ignatius. Van Ness avenue and Hayes Morning— Mass at 10:30;' sermon by one of
street— Jesuit Fathers. the Fathers. Evening— Vespers and ser-
mon by one of' the Fathers.
First Congregational, corner Post and Morning— "A Bad Bargain." Evening-
Mason streets— Rev. George C. Adams. "An Excellent Young Man With Only One
Fault."
Richmond Congregational, corner Seventh Morning— ''Divine Supply for Human
avenue and Clement street-R«v. Philip Need." Evening- The Condition Upon
Coombe. Which God Will Give His Own Spirit to
Men." .< ':;''..,' -.i
Olivet Congregational, Seventeenth and Noe Morning— "Love and Duty." Evening-
streets— Rev. H. T. Shepard. "Criticism and Reform.'
Third Congregational, Fifteenth street, near Morning— "Christ the Ideal Friend." Even-
Mission-Rev. William Rader. lng-'"Ma«beth. or the Passion for Power "
second In the series of Biblical truths Il-
lustrated by Shakespeare.
Trinity Bush and Gough streets— Rev. H. Morning— Special' music and sermon by the
S. Hanson. . rector. Evening-Same. -
St. Duke's Van Ness avenue and Clay Morning— Sermon by. the rector. Evening-
street— Rev. D. C. Garrett. Same. ■ ■ - . . :
First English Lutheran. 1319 Geary street- Morning— "Our Country for Christ." Even-
Rev E Nelander * lng— "What Would Jesus Do? A review
-.» *■ ' ' of "In His Steps."
First Christian Twelfth street, near Mia- Morning— "The New Commandment." Even-
slon— Rev. F. ' S. Ford. lng— "Save Yourselves." ■ : .. .iV^.y.^i
German Evangelical • Emmanuel, corner Morning— Sermon by Rev. F. W. Voegelein,
Twelfth and Stevenson streets— Rev. F. missionary of Japan. Evening— Mlsslon-
W ■ Fischer :•'**:••* ary meeting; addresses by Rev. F. . W.
Voegelein and Rev. J. P. Hauch.
Starr King A M E. ZHon. 805 Stockton Morning— "Christ, Our Spiritual Fountain."
street— Rev. T. Brown. Evening— "The Man With the Hoe."
Simpson Memorial. Hayes and Buchanan Morning— "The Crucified." Evening— Spe-
streets— Rev John Stephens, v.; >' eta! address to young men: "Do Young
Men Need Religion?""
Central M. E. Mission street, near Sixth— Morning— by' Rev. Leslie M. Bur-
Rev. S. D. Hutsinplller. D.D. well of Palo Alto; subject, "Glorying In
■-•-,-. - , the Cross." Evening— by Rev C.
,-' S ~ K- Jenness of Berkeley. _
Hales.
aprons
aprons
j^« *2?? there Is a charm and
,'plm-x/JKy attractlv ene s s about
vT/f^ crisp white aprons that
Ujk l(/'i- gives them an equal
jmjjffSU value with their protec-.
//t M\ V tion; we Pride ourselves
ill I V\\ upon absolute quality
// 1 i\ and handsome appear-
II I 1■ i 8 \ ance of ( our stock, but
// ' ill don 't let that carry with
#1 \\\ It that idea of high
if***' 1 1 prices; we have no high-
lj * priced aprons.
brown and blue check
gingham kitchen aprons; 38 inches
long, 45 Inches wide, with border
each 15c; dozen $1.65
plain white soft finish muslin maids'
aprons, with wide hem; 86 Inches long,
45 Inches wide each 13c
white lawn nurses' aprons with
band and shoulder straps; fine tucks
and ruffles on shoulder; two kinds...
35c and 50c
plain tea aprons;
MJSfrrr^L fine white lawn,
/fi/ffmyk with hem and
• imp '■'' '^ tucks; also tucks
A j/t \ embroidered bot-
Mgt ft tom 25c each
(xM ft i t E fancy tea aprons
/■I I I 1 of fine white lawn,
/ 7 /ft I ■ 2 w 'th clusters of
II In l-r-# 4 fine white tucks,
'(PWJ'HnHnflJvft embroidery and ln-
fMtf^Wslaffi sertion: also with
'ISvv'va?^ fin * tucks; elabor-
jVSa^ /v^ cr^ ately trimmed ....
50c each
fancy tea aprons of fine white lawn;
wide ruffle around bottom; trimmed
with embroidery insertion; also clus-
ters of fine tucks 65c
£&. school aprons of
»gw& good gingham in
gJjLMM fast colors, blue
«^gg*/j? and brown checks:
mt%l/mA*K ** übb a r d yoke,
MekLtfKrSiEt high neck, long
Jrjs!FZx*Zhs?, sleeves, turned-
Isx-&s£F4'- down collar; trim-
JB'lWmm\ mcd wlth whlte
JflJ ' h //IVU" finishing braid; for
flit* \ j/i I ' m\ ages 2. 3, 4, 5 and
— Yjl I \\\ 6 years.... 25c each
**~W i^-^ZII/ school aprons of
HftaS^JT- W O fine white lawn In
' aw^»w^ a variety of styles,
with shoulder
strap effects, for ages from 3 to 12...
50c. 75c and $1
black boas
■we have the fancy feather boas
without the fancy prices; genuine
ostrich feathers, dyed a superior
glossy black; 36 in. long $9 to $13
45 in. long $12 to $18 50
54 in. long $17 50 to $22 50
black ostrich feather collarettes, IS
in. long $1 25 to $6 75
935-937-939-941-943-945-947 Market Street.
Hale's
we've made every preparation for your
thanksgiving linen: gone to the mills
where they make it, insisting on quality,
early shipment and proper price, everything is ready;
dainty, crisp, snow-white table settings, to make 'the
dinner all it ought to be :
45 pieces bleached table damask; all pure linen; 60 in. wide; 45c quality
35c yard
table damask, 70 Inches wide; cream bleached; this is an extra wide
linen at the price 39c yard
120 turkey red and white table-cloths; 8-quarter size, 75c; 10-quarter
Bize $1 00
200 pieces table damask bleached; fine heavy quality for private or hotel
use; imported direct from manufacturers; 64 inch, 50c; C 6 in., 65c; 70 in., 75c;
72 in $100
extra fine quality, 72 inches wide, at 51 25 and 51 50 yard
table sets; all new designs; hemstitched cloths, and 1 dozen napkins to
match cloths; napkins are 17 to 24 in. square; 2 yards long, 54 50 and 57 50
set; 2*4 yards long, 55 25 to $10 00 a set; 3 yards long, 56 to 515 a set; 3Ms
yards long, 56 75 to 516 50 a set; 4 yards long 515 00 to 520 00
table napkins, all linen, bleached, woven selvages and hemmed; ready
for use; 22x22 in $1 50 dozen
— — ■ -
bedding and towels
100 white blankets; all wool; 72x82
Inches; weight 5 It>s; Eastern manu-
facture 54 50 pair
50 robe blankets; 72x86 inches;
woven designs; admirably adapted
for wrappers, bath robes, smoking
Jackets and child's cloaks, in 25 colors
$6 00 each
10 cases bleached sheeting; all
widths; superior quality; purchased
before the raise in price of muslin;
48 In. wide. 16c; 50 in. wide. 16c; 8-
• quarter wide, 25c; 9-quarter, 27% c
10-quarter 300
115 doz. huck towels; 19x39 inches;
fine close weave; hemmed; white and
colored borders; value 15c..12%c each
roller toweling; all linen, 17 in. wide,
twilled; good and serviceable
7%c yard
tasteful trimmings
black silk applique trimmings, bow-
knot designs; taffeta edge for yoke
and drapes 1 In. wide 75c yard
black silk applique, pansy design;
1% in. wide $1 75 yard
same applique design of roses in ele-
gant novelty that has Just reached
us; 1% in. wide $1 50 yard
leaf effect, combined with silk
braid 1% in. wide ?1 00 yard
black mohair florence braid IV2 in.
wide 10c yard
1 in., 8 l-3c; 5-8 in. wide 7%c
gloves
gloves that give satisfaction; priced
according to their actual quality, not
according to any idea of usual re-
tailers' profits. Fall shipments are
heavy and coming every day.
ladies' two-clasp suede pique
gloves, in the latest shades of mode
and gray $1 50 pair
ladies' two-Clasp cape gloves, in
English rods and tans $1 00 pair
fitted and guaranteed at the store;
kept clean and in repair ever after-
ward.
notions
stockinet dress shields; washable;
6izes 3 and 4 ; 15c goods at 9c
fancy frilled silk garter elastic;
pink, blue, yellow and black; 200
yards in the lot; until sold 12% c
Una hairpin cabinet; assorted hair-
pins; black and black and white pins
oc box
satin, gored belt hose supporters,
with button fastening; pink. blue,
black, cardinal and orange. l2^c pair
Lennox corset clasps; cloth covered
steel; 5 hooks 5c pair
to In the basement keeps up Its
s little tots; bring them in to see It.
Grace M. E., corner Twenty-first and Capp Morning— "The Church of To-day and To- .<
streets— Rev. J. N. Beard. morrow." Evening— "'The First New Tea- *
tament Commandment." ,". -; ;•-. <
Howard M. E.. between Second and Third— Morning— "The Uses of Adversity." Even- .'<
Rev. John A. B. Wilson. lng— "The Permanence of Apostasy." <
California-street M. E., corner California ] Morning— Rest." Evening— "Leaves <
and Broderlck streets— Rev. A. C. Bane. From the Diary of a Dying intldel." : -i<
Richmond M. E. , Fourth avenue, between Morning— "Tithes." "•Searching of <
Point Loboa avenue and Clement streeet— I God." >«
Rev. A. E. Ulrlch. •_ •■;,: -:\
Epworth Church, corner Church and Twen- Morning— "The Greatest Revelator." Even- <
ty-slxth streets— Rev. W. M. Woodward. lng— "The World's Greatest Need." <
First M. E.. Powell street, near Washing- Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening— <
ton— Rev. W. S. Urmy. Same. ....•.:.;<
Trinity M. E.. corner Market, Sixteenth Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening— <
and Noe streets— Rev. Theodore H. Wood- "Apostle's Creed." third discourse of the.:-'
ward. series. -■•: :<
Potrero M. E., Tennessee street, near So- Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening— <•
lano— Rev. S. M. Woodward. "Why Should I Be a Christian?" -.4
Calvary: Presbyterian, corner Powell and Morning— Sermon and special music. Even- 4
Geary streets— Rev. John Hemphill. ing— "Christian Optimism." " ' 4
Westminster Presbyterian, corner Page and Morning— "A Good Fight." Evening— <
Webster streets— Rev. Eugene H. Avery. "Young People In School and Business." 4
— , ■ — — •- <i
First United Presbyterian, Polk street and Morning— '"Spiritual Conflict." Evening— <j
First United Presbyterian, Polk street and Morning— "Spiritual Conflict." Evening— i
Golden Gate avenue— Rev. H. H. Bell. "'In the New Home." . • <<
Memorial Presbyterian. . Eighteenth and Morning— "'By Their Fruits Ye Shall Know 4,
Railroad avenues— Rev. H. N. Bevler. Them." Evening— "A Great Father of a <>
'**.•-" ■ •.-...-.■.' -•'■•/ Great Son." ' " '■';. ■•;•':.,'"<<
. ■ ; — ; ■ — ' :- <i
Stewart Memorial. U. P., Guerrero street. Morning— "The Path of the Just as a Shin- 4
Stewart Memorial U. P.. Guerrero street. Morning— "The Path of the Just as a Shin- 4
near Twenty-third— Rev. W. E. Dugan. Ing Light." Evening— "On Which Side?" "<
— : ; — — — — ■ — <,
First Unitarian, southwest corner Geary Morning— Sermon by Rev. Dr. StebbinB. <<
and Franklin streets— Rev. Dr. Stebbins. '4
minister emeritus. ■ •' - :.-. A -- ' ' . •". <
Second Unitarian. Twentieth and Capp Morning— "Men and Nations Grow Out of <
streets— Rev. A. J. Wells. Their Past." Evening— B. Fay Mills <
■ '.v.; 1- will preach at 7:45 o'clock; subject,' "Old <
, ; ;': -'V ;'v\- -" and New Religion." •• <
First Church of Christ, Scientist, Central Morning— "Soul and Bod v." All are Invited. <
bjock. 223 Sutter street— Bible and ' .
Science and Health, With Key to the • .<
Scriptures. .' . <
St. Alban's (Episcopal), Golden Gate Hall. Morning— at 11:15 o'clock.- ■ • <
Theosophlcal Society. Odd Fellows" build- Evening— W. J. Walters on "The Law of '
lng. . ■ - Duty/" ■-..:<
Y. M. C. A. Auditorium. Mason and Ellis Afternoon— Address by Frederick Thomas of <
streets— H. . J. McCoy, Secretary. Denver on "The Story at My Life." ,
Church of the Advent, Eleventh street, near Morning— Sermon by the rector. Evening— <
Market— Herbert Parrlsh. Same. - ' \
Hales.
veilings
we wish you could see the way our
veiling buyer smiled and rubbed his
hands with satisfaction at the stock
he bought — "anybody can sell such
values as these"; he bought lots of
them; more than we ever had in the
store before.
black and colored Tuxedo, Russian
net, fine, medium and heavy mesh;
plain chenille and heavy dot effects
25c. 35c, 50c yard
Tuxedo dot veiling; newest effects
In gray and black and black and
white 25c 50c and 65c
black pattern veils of silk chiffon
and Tuxedo mesh, with chenille dot
borders 35c, 50c 75c each
fine black silk Brussels net, chenille
dot, with tosca borders .85c
cloak department
l>jiN 21 misses' tan
•w^i covert cloth Jack-
jffigtjfr ets; finely tailored
%g|fjg and velvet piped,
X^?7 6-button front,
jtyC high rolling collar
/*^f^C%f> and revers; 'we
jj'' r^Q.Tfli ordered them for
* fa > r*^,V early fall trade at
f'J „ A\' lii 12 50, but they did
/ttL'^^V -flfc no come as order-
ul&lLySizL' T ed » so w « wi N close
MWI — II them out for
Ami j ff 57 50 each
[Hi f 24 misses' golf
Ml j capes: blue melton
]J I I cloth, with hood;
U [ \ lined with red and
j £ \ blue plaid taffeta
it \ silk; front of cape
/ / \ faced with same;
/ I \ 10 to 18 years.. s4 00
I \ \ 27 ladies' tailor-
/ i . \ made suits, in blue
C^^ \ S and black cheviot
"vj <" cloth; 8-button.
double - breasted silk - lined jacket,
skirt percaline lined, velvet bound;
nicely tailored throughout .$1(
45 new plaid separate skirts, new
cut, percaline lined and bound with
corduroy; come in all the fall color-
ings; perfect fitting; all sizes $3 11
we have such a demand for out-
black jackets at $2.95 that we have
determined to meet it; we have se-
lected therefore all our jackets that
were not selling fast for $5, $6 and
$7.50 and put them on sale; they are
all well made, warm and serviceable;
they come in beaver, boucle and che-
viot; until the lot is sold they are...
each $2.95SUNDAY CALL
MAGAZINE SECTION
HOW!
CONDUCTED
DIVINE SERVICE
ON THE
FIRING LINE
AT MANILA
£"" T'VO serve Christ at the front In war Is
\ somewhat different from occupying
a pulpit in civilization.
There ia little in. battle that could
JL ■be said to have a christianizing In
fluence upon the Individual. .
What' ver Is accomplished In this line
must be done through sheer persistence.
iho flring'line it fs scarcely wise to KM
the resiment at any given point
bhould bo Bred uy*>ar yet ■ ■ mem
or'.fv. of cur sermons under tire are recol
lections which .time can never dim.
Thrbugh persistence find bullets w*
•a able to conduct perhaps the most
•xtraordii./iry services yet recorded.
r my i ..: ment- I- endeavored to
Y</.-\ gospel services. ■whenever a few could
:ojivtne<l— many times ever. , In th«
trenches and some-times when the insur
gents were actually keeping up a desul
tory lire on our- line.
f course such ser'vlc<*» were entirely
Informal, for at different times the bullets
fr m the enemy's gur.a dropped pretty
dose to us.
Uut we have held ;i» many, as »ev«n of
these during one Sabbath day and torn*
i:; ■ .; had a congregation of thirty.
In the first place, my environment* w«re
«o changed arid my duties so altered my
actions took on the. color of my surround
ings; my thoughts flowed in other chaa
r> . --•. ray whole nature; to ba pf use to my
Master, had to undergo a radical change,
which left me more a. man of action than
of theory. .- •
I lived with the soldiers and waa one vt
them When they were overworked or
overc c by th<- h'-at ■it -was my duty
to rest them by standing- guard. tlomlllM
would have weakened rather than
■trengthened my influence. 1 etrovo to
teach by constant example' in my daily
<- • rishlp with my' fallows. At a
»• n pathizer and a sharer with them In
t: r dangers and trials It was that I
could appeal most strongly. .
Instead of thi clerical habit which cus
tom has decreed as the parb of the clergy
man I donned the uniform of the soldier—
the pistol In my belt In strong conlraat t«
the Bible In my saddlebags.
I can tell you about how. we were sltu
at«'f'. uni v.-liat we did on such occasions.
Our r^chnont was holdlr.jr a line of ln
tren'cl rr:r!:ts about a mile and a half
long, with ten companies equally dividing
the distance. Two companies were held
In ManUa to .truard General Otis" quarters,
and th'.-sf were cl^anged with those- on th«
line, so that *-ach company, got to the city
•.bout every ton deys.
It was not an e.-usy matter to g^t a con
irrocation. because there n.ro always du
ties f'>r soldiers to perform. They work
In reliefs; to be sure, but there Is policing
of quartors, cleaning of srras and cloth-
Inp. details for guard duty, orderlies for
generals and commanding officers, and
many things to be done, which, together
With tbi regular end unexpected duties,
keep the men quiU: busy, ev<?n when In
quarters. Yet in the face of the greatest
difficulty and gravest dangers, with the
crack of the enemy's rifles In our ira and
the "ping-" cif their bullets as they whls
tied by— even th>-rp, the :i.ame of Christ
was powerful enough to ho!d the attention
of our weary and footsore soldiers.
Every day I visited some portions of the
lliK?, If' not nil of the companies, and I
•.Iway? carried with me — on the back of
my faithful pony Billy— writing paper, en
velopes and all of the reading matter I
could secure. (lathering the outgoing mail
and stumping it. .soldiers' it-ttors, and de
livering on tho liring line any that came.
On Sunday, besldps these, 1 carried sever
al copies of gospel hymns in my haver-
Back, and usually introduf«d the nubject
cf services by saying, "Weil, boys— this is
Bunday. Shall we have a little sing to
gether?" The boys entered heartily into
the singing, and I often wondered what
the insurgents thought of such proceed
• Ing 3in the midst of war. For we were
not at all diffident about making a noise,
and we mado the welkin ring.
But the scene would have been Interest
ing, Indeed, to an onlooker from home.
Here were the boys, scattered about, some
•tanding. others sitting on the grass In
the shade of a bush or tree, or under their
•helter tents, or lying in the trenches, or
looking out over them, with guns by their
aides and ready to us« at an instant's
warning. The chaplain, standing among
them, with belt and revolver strapped on.
his faithful pony grazing near by. In
many places there was no shelter and we
ttood In the broiling heat of the tropical
•an. Oftentimes the Insurgents would
•end a few bullets over to remind us that
.ithty war* there, >utjth^_oo:y^«uided_iii- i
?
terest to the occasion, and I tlifnk we
Bang the louder.
We were quite fond of Binding "Glory to
His Name." "When the Roll Is Called Up
Yonder," "Onward Christian Her," and
others of the more familiJir gospel hymns.
But our doxolog y was always "America."
I think, however, that the favorite song
was "When the Roll Is Called Up Yon
der." The boys fully appreciated Its sad
significance. Each Sunday some of their
brave comrades had answered that higher
roll call.
"When the roll Is called up yonder, I'll
be there," rang out from their lusty
throats, and frequently the sound was
augmented by the hissing Mausers that
beat upon the ground about us.
At such times some of our boys uttered
remarks not Intended as an adjunct to
religious ceremonies.
I was thrilled with the intensity of the
hour and filled with a spirit that never
possessed me while preaching from our
modern pulpits.
1 remember some of the texts used. On*
was' "Thou wilt keep him In the perfect
peace whose mind is staid In thee, because
he trusteth In the*-."— lsaiah, xxvi:3.
Staying qualities, obedience, faithful
ness, trust or confidence, alike essential to
the soldier as the Christian, were Borne
of the lessons that I strove to Inculcate
in the minds of my hearers.
Though In the midst of the stern and
harsh realities of war, these little ser
mons were oases to us.
Here we stopped for a few moments to
think of the dear ones at home, of God
and his love, and our duty to both,- and I
know we were made stronger; better, by
them.
We will realize this more as the years
pass. My diary shows the number of
services held In the trenches for eight
consecutive Sundays, as follows; First, 4
services; second, 2; third, 6; fourth, 2;
fifth, 7;_Bixth,J; seventh., 2; eighth, 4. and
IMb (■ about the number field afterward.
Two or three Sundays we had constant
fighting or marching, so that none could
be held. Other Sabbaths we held as many
as conditions would allow.
Whenever and wherever we met we
knew that many prayers were being of
fer- <1 In our behalf In our dear homeland.
Thiß gave ua boldness to press on. These
were n< ver to be forgotten days. The plc
tures have been drawn none too vividly,
for who ran comprehend what that terri
ble and continuous rain of bullets meant
■a it poured In upon our reg-lment? Whlla
deployed as skirmishers it marched coolly
and with military precision across the
wide plain from Maycanayan into the
very Jaws of death.
And then with superhuman strength
made its heroic rushes across the rice
patties until within that range where the
Springfield could do execution. Those few
moments seemed hours. The fire from
the enemy was terrible. They had found
our range. They were shooting low.
Durintr this engagement and la all oth
em our doctors and hospital corpa did
splendid service.
They were on. the firing line continu
ously. Bad Indeed were their duties,
heartrending the scenes they witnessed;
and our boys— oh, they are grand sol
diers! No braver men ever went forth to
battle. They forded streams, marched in
Intense heat, fighting: the enemy at every
move. The dead and dying Americans
and Filipinos were continually In our
midst. In the battles I, was everywhere
on the field seeking the wounded and car
mv for them. Bomttlmei the bullets flew
thick and fa»t. but Qo4 wonderfully cared
for and protected me. It was my mission
to listen to tender farewells and bear last
messages to heartbroken mothers.
When our adjutant fell mortally
wounded, I was at his Bide soon enough
for him to know me. He seemed so iflad
when I said to him, "My dear boy. this
Is the rhaplain Don't you know him?"
I understood that he knew me. though he
could not speak. I gave him a drink
fxom my cantten. and after a short
i
prayer I *poke of his sifter.' He trfmn*€
his eyes «o wide and bright and tried to
speak, but could not. I kissed him three
or four times In memory of loved ones
and then left him in the Father's care.
- I loved him, and so did the entire regi
ment. 1 closed the eyes of so many of.
my comrades and friends- In .their "ast
Bleep that my heart was heavy In sorrow,
and I turned In prayer to the Giver of
All to spare us affliction and end the
cruelties .so constantly before us.
But- dead heroes cannot light new bat
tles. They rest from their struggles.-
The living press on to meet fresh foes.
Our burial services were many. Sixty
two of our brave boys gave their -lvos
ns a sacrifice to the country they loved
and for the flag they honored. While > - c
were on the advance to Malolos we could
not bury our own dead, but Chaplain C.
C. Price of the regular army had the care
of those who fell on the field; for all were
taken to Manila by train for burial. But
before? this we attended to these sad rites,
our band always furnishing music, with
the command of the deceased In attend
ance.
Our services were simple but Impres
sive. Except in two cases a good hears*
was furnished and a neat black clotn
covered coffin, over which was laid the
fat;. On several instances the command
of which the deceased was a member
afterward placed a neat headstone at the
grave. One of our burials occurred In the
evening. Can you Imagine our feelintra as
■we stood there in the light of a few flick
ering candles to perform the last sad
duties to a comrade, beloved and away
from home, from father and mother and
friends. In a foreign land?
We do not usually sing at military
funerals, but that night wo sang a few
verses from "Rock of Ages." a few verses
from the fifteenth chapter of First Cor
inthians were read, a prayer offered, a
few words of eulogy pronounced, me
band played "Safe In the Arms of Jesus,"
then the awful crash of the guns burst
forth upon the still night air as the tiring
equad performed its duty. But sweeter
still was the call of the bugle as it sound
ed "taps."
I shall never regret my experience in
the Philippines.
While it was not full of success for my
Master In a spiritual way, I feel that It
has broadened my mind, my life, and in
the future will add much to my use
fulness. As I said in the beginning,
war has no christianizing influence, and
rather detracts than adds to man's feel
ings of sanctity for things holy.
As a matter of cold fact, the number
of conversions to Christ I was able' to
make in one whole year was- just one.
That in Itself, were it not for the fact
that I was enabled to be helpful to my
fellow men other ways, would have been
discouraging. .22
By William Dinwlddle,
Special Correspondent of be Call-rjerald
In the Philippines.
THE now American Sultan of the
Bulu arcj.,pelaKo, in the Philippine*,
Is said to have a pillow case full of
pearla, which he keeps carefully
guarded In one of his big Iron
chests. Whether this Is true or not
no white man knows, but It has been one
of the laws of the Moros for centuries
that all big pearls go as tribute to the
Sultan, as well as one-fourth of all the
finds mini' by his subjects. So the Sultan's
pearl revenue has in the past been a very
substantial one, and there Is every reason
to believe that during his rei.^' he has
owned enough pearls to nil several old
pillow slips 'f h" pn desired.
There ma be millions for Americans In
the pea shell fisheries of our new pospes-
Bior.s when the complete pacification ot
the bloodthirsty, warlike Muro comes to
pass. Neither exocrts nor laymen,, nor
even the Moros themselves, are familiar
with th" extent of the pearl shell bankj
alonpr the hundred or more small islands
of the southern port) of the Philippines.
That they are scattered over a largi terri
tory is testified to by the natives, who sell
«mal! quantities of shell and many pearls
to Borneo and Chinese tni.Ws. That som*
banks an very extensive lias been well
determined by the rich Chinese merchant,
Capain Tiana, of Jolo, who has for eight
years held the exclusive concession from
the Sultan to fish for pearls by means of
diving suits In the Sulu archipelago.
A commercial man will naturally auk
why the beds have not been worked, If
they represent such ■ submarine mine of
wealth, to a greater extent in the past.
The, answer is apparently a simple cne—
because nohnrlv h;is dnrer!
The sovereignty of the islands was os
tensibly Spain's; the real sovereign was
the Sultan. To make pearl i.shlng pos
sible for foreigners or Spanish subject*,
It would have required a double conces
sion and boats armed with Gatltng guns.
Spain would not give foreigners who had
the daring to Bah concessions, because,
"dog in the manger" as she was, she
feared to lose a good thing she could not
herself develop. She dared not work them
herself or give concessions to Spanish
subjects, as that would have provoked a
war with the Sultan, who claimed the
PEARL
FISHERS
isive right to fnrm r,it the expanse
can where The rare narrp shells lay.
Itan. under 1 1 c n< v
the agreemeni made with him by
the right to
irts, hut as he is Btill to be the
mi authority over the Moros, and
tabllshed laws, religion and cv
■ • to be disturb.
win most likely consider his levy of tax
■ hing to < intlnue In force and
he v ntrol the Issue of < i
Jiving in his own waters. It ran
ild, however, that Just at the pr
: relationship which
fieneri Bate« has apparently established
■■ Americans with tho Moms, it Is
quite | '''.<■ to Bec-ure privileges for rar
rying on the pearl Industry off In the
deep waters, where the naked native
divers cannoi bo. provided one Is willing
'" Pay thi Sultan a comparatively nom
inal annual stipend.
Ten years back the Spanish granted per-
Borne Qei • h for peari
shells off the town of Jolo. Who received
the bonus that was paid for I
■ >t appear, but, for thai matter, the
Bh official had, no doubt, an. easy
■ and a complicated system of
"rake-offs," whereby his small salary was
materially .increased. The foreigners suc
ceeded In cleaning up everything In the
shape of shells. large and small, within
the radius of rifle range about .1010 much
to the disgust of the Sultan, who' didn't
get a cent, and since tnat time this terri
tory has been practically barren of shells
rhe Germans dared go nowhere else for
fear of being exterminated, so the enter
prise fell through.
Captain Tiana. well known to the Moros
through a generation's trading and ami
elation, gained the confidence of the SuJ
tan. and was given the concession before
'■ <] "'■ liA was also In excellent
ling with the Spanish garrison a!
Jolo, where he supplied the officers with
all the necessities and luxuries of life on
credit So friendly was his relationship
with them tnat. when they departed for
■ own vlnHand*. Tiana held unpaid
billH to the amount of more than $20,000.
1 ■ th< request of < teneral Bates th<
merchant gave us an exhibition of deep
sea divine and the collection of pearl
n. Two little sailing craft that had
In from the main shell beds, fortj
■hi soul h. were scrubbed In o i
b nil ness for t he r
if the general's party. They were
• na burden. English cutte r
built and yacht rigged. Hut what sails!
made from native cloth and apparently
tallore I by a Moro. The sheet would not
the stitches In the seams
red ready to draw through the
rough poroua fabric! Both boats steered
b lee helm, but that i. X no matter, ex
cept thai a s< lf-respectlng white man
Millions for Americans in the Great Pearl Fields
of the Archipelago Now Controlled by
the Crafty Sultan of the Sulu Islands.
would never trust himself on a long voy
age in such a craft.
The crew were Tagalogs and Morn?.
The divers were L'agalos, both pinched
faced, hollow cheeked fellows, who looked
as if their lives were being squeezed out
of then by inches. Such Is literally the
truth. For ten years of comparative afflu
ence, at the enormous salary the
Bast ot sixty pesos, or $30, a month,
they forfeit their chance of a longer life
and undergo, it is said, the most fright
ful torture day by day in a watery,
close-fitting mold, which crushes the
life blood back upon the struggling heart.
Twenty-five fathoms under water, in a
rubber diving suit; with only the head
protected from the grinding pressure of
the ocean's grasp by a copper helmet
THE PTTNPAT CALIi.
Even yet the significance of this state
ment is not felt, until it is said that these
men work at the wonderful depths of a
hundred and forty to a hundred and
sixty feet, for ten or fifteen minutes at
a time, under the most overpowering
weight of water, exerting a pressure of
from sixty to seventy pounds upon every
square Inch of their flesh. The craving
of the human heart for wealth Is amaz
ing! '
Not only do these divers, in their
nfty-pound copper shoes, which hold
them to the bottom, go down, through
green depths Riled with the monsters of
a tiopical sea, confronting daily the
danger of Immense fish making direct at
tack or appropriating their air tubes for
bait, but they walk along an uneven
ocean floor for hundreds of yards— a floor
overgrown with enormous coral groves,
in whose shadows lurks the giant devil
fish with his outspreading tentacles from
whose embrace it is well nigh impossible
for pigmy man to escape.
The boat comes to anchor and the diver
begins his initial preparation for a
descent by rimming a thick red blanket,
which encasi s his whole body in its eoft
folds. A great bag comes next, with
arms and legs to it. open only at the neck
where the heavy brass collar plate sup
ports the helmet, and at the rubber wrist
lets, through which the hards are pain
fully thrust. It is no easy task to get
Into a heavy, unwieldy sack of this kind,
made of alternate thicknesses of canvas
and pure red rubber, and two men work
•«a tupsle to get thl* muffled object of
red flannel shaken down Inside. At iast
he Is In, and the hands are squeezed
through constricting rubber ring* ut f he
wrists, which hermetically seal th.mt
selves on the soft il^sh, but over which,
as a further precaution, are snapped
heavy rubber band?.
Perspiration begins to pour down the
diver's face and trickle Into his eves as
; :i.- assistants strut rle again with the gro
tesque metal shoes, much like a large pair
of Dutch wooden shoes. Now the metal
neckyoke is slipped over his head, with its
encircling row of perpendicular bolts
which are sin ed through the holes h
rubber collar one by one. it could
be called an artistic ruffle, this throat en
circling chevaux-de-fiise of iron tx
over which the ponderous, glass-eyed hel
met is dropped and bolted down into po
sition, until the soft rubber ring of the
suit makes a water-tight joint between
tiie two metal rings.
The. front bull's eye of plate glass la left
out to the last moment, as the divei Is
equipped with a dorded basket for Bhells
and a heavy knift< with which to fight big
fish or cut off the arms of some frightful
squid. Looking out through thla en :ir
(11 dp, frame, the diver's ordinarily sallow
face is colored with hot blood an <j M g
breath comes faster from the steam 'bath
he is taking In the hot air and padded
clothes.
I>own In the hold two Tagalogs. nude to
the waist, are grinding round and round
on the handle of the pump, and the hot
air Sighs through the long hope pipe and
pours out at the back of the diver's head
where the pipe joins the helni"t The
plate glass front Is put in position and
bolted on, while the diver, now drawing
breath only by the effective working of
:".imp, twists the *iae valve on his
helmet to control the escape.
He Is assisted down the short rope lad
der over the side, as he is almost help
less m the weighty trappings, and the
last act before he goes bubbling down
ward out uf sight is to add more weights
el lead to his shoulders.
"Ii is only fourteen fathoms (elghty
four feet) here," remarks Captain Tiana,
as the stream i - alone tells the
position of the diver. The subnv
man walks astern the boat, and .
moves away the lifeline, the hoisting
and the jealously guarded ail
>layed <nit and as the remaining por
tion 'in board becomes shorter four mem
bers of the crew In the bow let out, yard
by yard, the anchor hawser.
l>! the pumping room the mon are
straining the pump, which ran so •
before tnej were overcoming .1 pressure
of fifty pounds' weigh 1 of watei to the
■ c inch. 1 >ne wonders what the sen
ling air condensed to such
a 'l gree would be like.
Fifteen minutes, and the signal
Ri\-s a jerk and a half dozen nun are
pulling for d< ar life on tin submi
rope. The m vice < spects to see him come
up underneath the boat, bul Tiana points
asti m, and I here, through ti.
water, plows a sputtering, flopping Bea
monsti r, which finally assumes the shape
<>f a diver.
He cannot climb even the first rungs of
the ladder and has to be lifted on Be< k,
doubling ap with his legs dangling •
water over the low board aroum
The f 1- < .Tit glass is quickly unscn wed, but
before it comes off the men at the pump
suddenly stop turning, Up goea the
diver's hand in a signal of distress, ana
he grabs his side valve to ease, it to the
suddenly diminished pressure. A yell
goes up from those outside, and the throb
Of the pump is heard again until the glass
plate falls open.
Six or eight times a day this man under
th( suffering that loaves him now
pallid, nerveless and shivering, so fright
fully exhausted that he ie helpleets to as
sist in the undressing. He may. if he
work on a Rood bank of shells, bring up
a dozen or even more at a trip, but a
hundred shells a day is excellent work
and a mint of money. On this exhibition
trip, over barren ground, he had but a
single fair sized shell, some six inches In
diameter, and half a dozen of the curious
spiny star fish of these waters.
A big shell, whose Inside nacre la beauti
ful even in its unpolished condition, will
measure a foot in diameter, though the
majority of the shells do not average six
or seven inches.
The price of pearl shells, which weigh
several pounds apiece, fluctuate between
30 and 60 cents a pound, depending: not so
much upon demand, which Is always
above supply, as on size, luster and color;
but it will be seen that with a crew of six
men, who receive ?10 ■; month and cheap
rice for food, a diver at $60, and a man
afi.er for all the ten boats at $100 a month
the enterprise is a money making one It
should be remembered thai these prices
are Eastern silver ones, or Mexican dol
lars at 50 cents piece.
The precious pearl is not found in every
shell; and not very often in a hundred
shells Its pursuit Ie a game of change
entirely. Now and then great finds r,re
made, and again during a whole month
I'm a dozen of the milk white drops help
swell the venue There have been some
immense pearls found in MOl waters
pearls which bring $10,000 after polishing
by native hands. The average fine large
pearl of perfect color, and they are very
rare, does not bring much above 2500
pesos, while but 10 per cent of the finds
bring over 250. The other 899-10 per cent
grade Into large pearls of bad shape or
color, smaller pearls of perfect shape, but
off the pearl white tint, and hundreds of
tiny fellows, good, bad and worthless.
There arc numbers of yellow pearls
which are quite as handsome as the
lighter colors, but on the open market
they bring poor prices, as yellow pearls
are not the fad. The black" pearl found
in another shell is much in demand, but
the mollusk its, is rare.
The oearls which Tiana secures far
more than pay the entire running ex
penses of his boats and the hanging and
shipping of the shells to Singapore.
Pearls are doubtless lost now and then
by theft, but in view of the fact that each
boat has a crew who watch the opening of
the shells with the greatest Interest, and
thai where pearls are found they have to
be carefully cut from the meat of the moi
lus.k, it is difficult for a single individual
to cause them to disappear. The China-,
men, who are the merchants among prim
itive people all over the East and the only.
Continued on Page Twenty-thre*.SAN FRANCISCO`S
MOST VALUABLE
PRIVATE
LIBRARIE
&cms of
our c^^n s
Who Have
UH^a^y
Tastes
arid Whosg
COTT£CtYOF|£
oF (Scopes
by the
Thousands,
ContaTntns
QTd. Volumes
: oF Gi^gat
Worth
£— pf WENTY-OXE years ag< a Lon-
I don paper said a disagreeable thing.
I This is what it was: ap. a Ix>n
i iliH.iKi^^able thing.
v. a k :
j "Ha:: Franclpco does rot care for
J^ art arid learning; it has not been
educated to see beauty In an
Intaglio. A briiliant is the measure of Its
taste. «nd we cannot affect to be Bur-
A .-'■ o writer of the snme year
w».\ci! wroth In response. S)io slapped
back with lonß rtoua farts about
Even then, when we
wore hardly mon .. quarter century
old, wo '■■>vA<] claim bookiovers, and tliore
>' r i: any more to-d
di : ■ - of •;: • coa^r hfivo made
;><--.. t,\'- -.r a :a-s apart from the
"
Ben Ba Franciscans who
own :iie larf;e.«t private libraries In town.
only one i «■) be called by profeesior a
The otl n •• hustling,
uay men, whose practical i.r.si
:.<■>.« enew haa earned for them the
ly their m.-ans of rpcr.-a
tion. And the people who have a fad for
rinp ran- editions are none ru.iers
than the women «'h«?n names appear in
every local Bociety column. California
mnn have lived a life of work and th»
women have lived a life of play, but they
hove their literary Intervals.
'.■■■• late Adolph Suuo collected ie«for«
his death a quarter of a million volumes.
They ranged, shelf upon shelf, In the
library of the big house on the Heights.
Mr. Sutro used to betake his gray
whiskered self there late at night after
the duties of the capitalist and Mayor
had been laid aside. As he grew older he
clung more closely to old favorites, and
for a year or so before his death he read
scarcely any bound books except Dickers'
novels. Any one coming upon him at
these late hours would find him in tha
big leather-covered chair, or sometimes
upon the floor, like any boy, chuckling
over Mr. Micawber or Miss Haversham.
"Poor Micawber! Waiting for some
thing to turn up! I'd like to have given
him a. pointer an. buflineßa,.'' ha wa4_*aj>
Ing aloud when somebody found him.
"Things don't turn up. Get out and turn
them. You were a jolly old fool,
Micawber," he went on. "Turn up, In
deed!"
He took a childish delight In the story
of Little Nell and what he called "her
grandfather's junk shop." Now and then
he would wander from Dickens and go
romancing with Scott, but It was never
long before he returned. Thackeray he
considered unchivalrous. New novelists
did not appeal to him, although he con
tinued to buy their books and sample
their wares, bound to give every man a
fair chance. But they were all unwhole
some, he said. "Dickens always saw to It
that iha right loiiu"S3C married ;ne right
THE SUNDAY CALL.
girl, and !->e revor failed to kill t if> people
who bad no business to live. Dickons
knew how to do things up in propi r shape.
He never let bis characters get ahead of
him."
Of the quarter million volumes, many
■wore worthless. H was a madly miscel
laneous collection. The law i«". ks now
lie gloomil> boxed In a down-town busi
ness building. The story hooka are
handled with carf- and reverence, but
without the familiarity of good fellowship
that they once knew.
George H. Buckingham carries on a real
estate and Invi stment business away
down on Montgomery street in the day
time and goes home at 6 o'clock to the
PEARL FISHERIES OF
THE SULUS.
Continued from Page Twenty-two.
aliens In thft Moro country who are pro
tected by law against the religious Mo
hammedan fanatic who runs amuck, pur
chase most of the pearls and ship them to
Chinese ports. It is said that it is impos
sible to buy pearls from these shrewd
tradesmen among the Moros at a less fig
ure than they will bring in New York.
They are wondrnul judges of the worth
of pearls, estimating by the eye and touch
within a few dollars of a large specimen.
Native Moro divers are far more Inter
esting and picturesque in their avocation
than the machine-covered men who go
down to greater depths. Stories are told
of how naked natives swim down a sheer
hundred feet beneath the waves, stay
there five minutes and finally come up
with a pair of fine fiat shells In each hand.
Such tales are gross exaggerations, hut
their actual performances are sufficiently
marvelous to appeal to any reasonable
lover of sensation.
Any clear morning at Maibun, the Sul
tan's* capital, when the breezes Just rip
ple the open expanses of blue waters and
the distant Islands of green rise above the
sea in mirage, one may see a gaudy fleet
of a hundred small boats. put out, one by
one, or in groups, from the little land
locked harbor. The square sails of red
and brown and yellow create bizarre com
■uttermost end of Broadway. Here his
library awaits him.
Mr. Buckingham sank warmly into
brown corduroy cushions. "Do you know,
I think books are sort of dry without pic
tures or pretty covers. Don't you?" he
said. "It's a shame to so.- a good book
badly displayed: It's like a nice girl in
dlnjiry clothes. Fine feathers have a lot
to do with fine birds, and that means
books as well as ladies."
Consequently I beheld 400)) volumes in
rala day ;<.uir°. They are gowned in
tinted leather and Illuminated cloth, and
their td«en shine. prolcl and ductless. There
must be somebody in the Buckingham
home who watches very strictly that the
round sign of a forefinger shall never
■bow when ;i book Is taken from its shelf
Besides the Look! of general literature
ar« endless volumes of etchings pictures
nlorjf for their own sake. They lie long
and flat upon the shelves or stand on th-»
floor against table legs. And every booK
is, according to the text of their owner,
well dressed.
The library of Henry Hanks alarmed mo
a good deal. Its ranks number even unto
6000, and they are grimly, uncompromis
ingly technical. They are metallurgical
and geological and mineraloglcal. Many
of them are arrayed in the black, tight
fltting cloth that is the uniform of the
Report— scientific reports in this case. A
few classical travels and historical works
binations of color, with the vivid greens
of the volcanic isle behind. They carry
hundreds of Moro pearl fishers to the
shallow coral re< fa five miles away.
Whai 8 motley crowd they ate, in their
gnrb of fli anting hue, thin-leggea, broad
shouldered, with ugly knives In their
■ : Some arc paddling with strong
strokes, In their desire to be first on the
.-. others, careless of the future,
prone upen the narrow deck, or comfort
ably lounging with bucks against the
bamboo structure of the outriggers. puff
ing palm-wrappi ci cigarettes, or with
mouths filled with the betel nut. let the
seductive zephyrs blow them onward to a
short day of labor.
Later In the day a line of boats two
miles long and several hundred in num
ber—for they have been augmented by ar
rivals from Tapul and Lugus islands— are
anchored over the fishing ground. The
men stand nude upon the gunwales of the
boats, ready for the dive, perhaps with a
corded basket at the wrist and a short,
heavy knife, with which to fight sharks
and fishes, nr pry some clinging shell from
its hiding place. One feels a deep sense of
disappointment at finding that they jump
feet ' ; rst Into the limpid water, instead of
going down with graceful, headlong
plunges.
There he goes! The bubbles obscure him
for a moment and then you see him, not
feet first now, but hend downward, swim
ming toward the bottom, with bold full
arm strokes. His body, strange. y fore
shortened through the veil of water, slow
ly fades from view, and you watch for
his reappearance. One minute lias gone
it seema five. Two minutes are past, and
are the flippancies of Mr. Hanks' collec
tion. And the man himself wouldn't hurt
a fly. His broad chin vouches for the
fact. One can never tell.
"Geology has always Interested me," he
said, pointing to a case of specimens
which supplement the books. "I've been
after rocks ever since I can remember.
I used to leave boys playing marbles or
tying a can to a dog just to investigate
some specimen."
One of San Francisco's millionaire
bachelors prefers books to young ladies.
He has 13,000 of the former. Ten thou
sand of these are law books that line the
walls of his Nevada Mock offices with
buff and scarlet. "I don't know anything
about them except that they're here,"
Mr. Lloyd said. "Ask that young man;
he's the one that knows."
Mr. Lloyd retired once more to the
sanctum, little, old white ghost that he if.
He Is, however, a very up-to-date ghost.
"The law library is rare only because
of Its numbers," said the proxy. "It is
merely an extra big collection of law
books. There are some valuable Masonic
books here, too."
The library that Mr. Lloyd himself
wades In Is in the Folsom street house.
It is made up of voyages and travels,
Californlan literature. Persian and Indian
history. He has a tasie for queer vol
umes as well as curios. There is an illus
trated volume upon the Queen's Balmoral
home. There is an early work on 1 psy
chology. Perched upon "his shelves are
queer carved things that leer. Mr. Lloyd
is not conventional in his collecting.
Mr. A. P. Hotalingr's library is made
up of 6000 miscellaneous works. There
are novels and poems and scientific works
and reference books, like Mr. Buck
ingham, has a fancy tor good bindings.
Chief Lees— lsaiah Lees to those who
know him outside of his profession— lives
up on the Pine-street hill with lO.fiOO
books. "Voyages are just as much my
favorites now ■ s they were when I used
to crawl under the table with Captain
KJdd. I went under the table to read be
cause Captain Kidd was forbidden, and
he was only safe when I could pull the
table cover down and hide him.
"Then, you see. I have a great many-
California histories," he went on. "Ban
croft and Hittell and lesser lights. The
history of our State Is one of the most
fascinating that has ever been written
The mixture of Spanish life throws a
light of romance over the whole. It is
more picturesque than the history of
most States. And think how little is
known of It, Tourists rake it over on
their winter tripr to the coast and forget
11 before they leave their homeward
bound train.
The one litterateur of the list is Ed
ward McGrath. He Is a bona-flde book
worm, with his nose buried in Irish and
*SngHsh history much <>f the time. There
are 5000 volumes in bin possession and
they tend largely to history. "Books
your heart throbs in your breast with ex
citement as menial pictures of desperate
struggles with unknown monsters in those
briny depths are conjure;! up. Yen peer
into the water, anxiously, expecting to
see a bloody, lifeless corpse come bobbing
limply to tne surface, to sink again for
ever.
Two minutes and thirty seconds and
the watching Moros grin ai your evident
agitation, pointing wuh extended fingers
at an object rising slowly tnrough the
waters, Jt Is the man, not coming up
like a cannon ball, as you thought he
would, but swimming hard, as if it were
a difficult task to get to fresh air once
more. The boatmen reach beneath the
water and grasp him, pulling him into the
boat by main strength. He lies there,
panting for breath, and with bloonsnot
ey< s, while his companions take from his
basket three large pearl shells and some
strange ooral forms, brought up for the
edification of the white men.
The man's prostration is evidence
enough of the fearful physical strain he
has undergone; without the air of heaven
for nearly three minutes, fifty feet under
the crushing mass of water, which start
ed his eyeballs from their sockets, "nis
ears and nose being plugged to eep the
pressure from breaking his ear drums and
the water out of his lung^.
While the native is supposed to give the
Sultan or his own dato the largest pearls
he finds, ns a matter of fact ho has lost
th» loyalty of the past in his desire for
gain, and the ever present moneyed Chl
r.amen secretly buys the finest* pearls,
often for a tenth of their real value. In
Jolo it Is possible to accumulate a lew
are about the best friends we have," he
says. "They do all the talking and don't
expect to be entertained as some people
do, no matter what ones mood may be.
Books give all and ask nothing but
silent sympathy."
There is one curious library in town
which is largely made up of works on
grapes and wines. It belongs to Arpad
Haraszthy, and is apropos of his busi
nss. "He knows all there is to know
about wine-making," said one of hi 9
friends. "He even studies the classical
side of his work, and knows the whole
history of wine from the Bible down
before Bible times, may be. You know
wine was Invented s.ime time before
telephones or even printing. Haraszthy
thinks that the making of It was In
stinctive, and I don't know but he's
rignt."
But his literary tastes do not stop at
wine history. He has travels and philo
logical works and histories besides. He
owns SW) volumes.
Mr. Bigelow is a lover of art. That is
when he is merely Mr. Bigelow. At cer
tain hours he is S. < '. Bigelow, banker. It
is almost the length of the McAllister
street car line between the two r.igelows.
The one receives strangers with head
bent aside to think, and he has only a few
essential words for many that he "knows.
The other treads soft rugs with slippered
feet, when evening com^s. and settles
down presently to th ■ drop-light and a
bonk.
He has 4t''iO of these companions. "They
are largely about art. you see. I not only
like pictures, bin 1 am not satisfied with
out learnin" all I can about them. It 13
the knowledge of the man who was also
painter that throws light upon a paint-
Ing. What we know of Thorwaldsen Is
part of his sculpture.
"There are mauy histories and travels
in my library. They help to explain a.rt.
The subjective life of a nation speaks
through its art."
Dr. McNutt has a large medical library,
together with a literary- one, for his office
and his home are together. "I'm afraid
you wouldn't be Interested in the names
of some of my treasures," he remarked.
"They don't mean much outside of (he
profession, but I have a good many
phyiscians dropping in, old ones and
young ones, to refer to some of the medi
cal books. You see, I collect odd volumes
as well as standards, and some of these
queer old musty ones are not found every
day. There are often things to be learned
from them, in spite of modern science. In
fact, they are the basis of modern science
in half the cases."
The room beyond is devoted to classical
and miscellaneous English literature. Al
together there are 4000 books on his
shelves. He is good about letting them
be used, but he has firm ideas in regard
to abuse.
John Farnham ie a politician. He Is
also proprietor of the Crystal baths. He
is also the proud possessor of a library.
It is as solid as Mr. Farnham, being a
gious pile of history and biograpny
that includes every nation under the son
ar.d every worthwhile maai of every na
tion. One of Irs clerks went to confer
with him the other day and was received
with. "What d<> I care if the bath temper
ature Isn't right? Napoleon's retreating
from Moscow, man alive!" and Mr. Farn
ham rftr.t -r:> dto his book.
Mrs. Crocker is adding her name to the
list of rare edition collectors, although
the Crocker library is not one of the
largest. She has just purchased a first
: Shakespeare, the title page of which
the date 1623 at its foot. There is
an old portrait for frontispiece, and the
leaves are dellclously yellow and smelly.
The hook is valued at $5000. Besides this,
Mrs. Crocker owns the first issue of the
firs; < ; <iiti.->n of "Pars
The used-to-be Hobart sisters, now Mrs.
L<st.-r and Mrs. Baldwin, have each a
copy of tlir Xurembourg C of 1493.
It is illustrated by a master of Albrecht
Durer and Is one of the earliest hooks to
be published with printed pictures. Il
lumination by hand preceded this period.
Thr pictures are wood cuts made from
quaintly fashioned blocks.
"Cruikshankiana" Is a volume of draw-
Ings by the Crulkshank who helped add
luster to Dickens' fame as Dickens 1. 1
to his. There are two copies
#wned in San Francisco. One be
longs to Mi.ss Katherine Dillon,
who likes to rummage over curi
ous shelves as well a* to waltz, and who
knows as much about rare editions as she
about house pari is always
• -date, and so she has lately fall. :i
;: victim to the Dickens revival <rnz<».
which led Indirectly to the Cruikshank
•
The other volume belongs to Mrs. Julius
Kruttsclmltt. rih.- and hot- railroad hus
band have a strong congeniality as book
lovers, and their Burlmgame library is a
cozy place for many an evening. "I
likfl books before I married." said Mrs.
Kruttsahnitt, "and 1 havi Liked them
better since, for my husband has taught
me. I don't know nor care much about
his railroad library <:■>:<•■ p1 that i r Is his. and
his sociology hobby is rather heavy, but
we enjoy good novels and poetry to
gether."
"San Francisco does not care for art
and learning," said a London paper.
good pearls from the Moros at nominal
prices after they learn to trust you, out
the transfer is always made in private.
An attempt to buy from the Chinese, as
before said, results in paying the full mar
ket figures.
Most of the pearls undergo a reliml
nary polishing before they leave the isl
ands for foreign markets. The native
takes little straight strips of bamboo,
which la by nature filled with a burnish
ing silica.c. and carefully rubs down the
cloudy surface until the brilliant nacre
beneath shines out clear and silvery. The
pearl is made up of layers of superim
posed concretions, and if the polisher ue
unfortunate or clumsy he may cut
through the outside covering. This leaves
a blemish only to be overcome by reduc
ing the size of the pearl to the size of the
i:> xt underlying layer.
It is said that it is very easy to ruin a
pearl • bank by indiscriminate fishing —
that is, the taking up of smell shells In
Bight— and the Sultan baa very wisely
tried to prevent his people from gathering
shells under four inches in diameter, and
has at times reserved certain regions from
molestation for several years at a time,
thus permitting the mollusks to swell in.
numbers.
The gravest fear is that when American
or other foreign enterprise takes part in
delving for the valuable pearl shells the
fight for gold will outweigh the con
sciences of the projectors to such an ex
tent that, unless stringent laws can be
passed and enforced, it will not be many,
years before the pearl shell fisheries of
the South Sea Islands will b« a story of
tha past. - -
2324
FOUND IN THE PHILLIPINES
THE rtory epent with c ecer.e In the •
rerimentßl camp on rren'.d'.o Helßhte.
ovorlcoklns; Sjui I r rcr.clsco harbor. Ru
mcrs of moving orders to Manila and
the arrival from New York n! la<ly
vititire ttt headquarters vary th? monotony of
ca.":p routine. The visitors fir** ii search of n
runaway boy who Is believed tn have enter*.'.
the arn:y. and Lieutenant Gray, the tnoft
popular veins officer !n bin re£lni*T.t, thrui'.R'h
& supposed e'vi'.ialn'.anco ont> of the visit
ing party, ?J!bs Amy Lawrence, is envied by
his fellows. The parly, escorted by Colonel
Arinßtiontf, atter.rfF a review r.n tbt- drili
grounds ar.d Is disturbed by ihr BlcUt of a
yourjj prisoner wV> breaks atvay fro:n his
jniajij; neur theni nr.fi by a collision among
the carriages. .Mrs. Garrison, an old a.'^ualnt
unce or Coione] Arnistror.g, Is hurt. I'rha.te
Morton lr» arrested on a charge of Hieu-lnig
money, lie appeals to Lieutenant Gray of his
fraternity 'or heip.
[Continued.]
"Mr. Gordon," said Be, "here's more of
this pilfering business, and now tney re
beginning to find out it Isn't all In my
caujp uy a ciamsied sight. 1 want that let
ter copied at oncc.y Then with a glance
at Gray, who had whipped off hie cap and
was standing in respectful attitude, he
changed his .one Iron: the querulous,
half-treble of complaint "Wnat'B this
you'd best leave alone?" he suddenly de
manded. "There are a dozen things you'd
best leave alone and a dozen you would
do well to cultivate and study. When 1
was— however, I never wits a lieutenant
except In war-time, when they amounted
to something. 1 sot my professional
knowledge :n front of the enemy— not at
any daiLiiifcd charity scnool. You're here
to ask some now indulgence. I suppose.
Want tv stay in town over night and
fritter away your money and tne Urao
the Government pays for. .\o, elr; you
can't have my consent. You will be back
In camp at IS o'clock, and stop ana report
your return to the officer ol the gua:o.
EO that 1 may know the hour you come !n.
Who's officer of the guard to-night, Mr.
Gordon?"
".Mr. Brooke, sir."
"Mr. Brooke: Why, I thought I told
you he was to take those prisoners In
town to-morrow, lie has to testify before
that court In the case of Sergeant Kelly
and it saves my sending another ortieer
end havir.g two of our lieutenants away
from drill ami hanging around the Bohe
mian Club. Detail somebody else!"
"AH right, sir," answered Gordon, im
perturbably. "Make any odds, Kir, who is
detailed?"
Canker had turned to his desk and was
tossing over the papers with nervous
hand. Gray Impulsively etepped forward,
his eyes kindling with hope. It was on
the up of his tongue to launch Into a
proffer of his own services for the detail,
but Gordon hastily warned him back with
a ewefp of the hand and a portentous
BCl'Wl.
".No. One's as bad as the ether. Next
thing I know some cf 'em will be letting
prisoners escape rishL under my nose,
making us the laughing stock of tbeao
damned militia volunteers." (Canker en
tered service in '61 as a private i:: a city
company that was militia to the tip el
Its Epikertalled coats, but he had forgot
It.) "1 want these young idler? to under
stand distinctly, by George, that the :irst
prisoner that gets away ... his post
takes somebody's commission with nlm.
D'you hear that. Mr. Gray?- And Caniter
turned ar.d glared at the bright blue eyes
ft<? though he would like to blast their
clear fires with the breath of his disap
probation. "Has that young fellow; Mor
ton, been put in ironb jet?' 1 he suddenly
askod, whirling on Gordon a gait:.
"Think not, sir. Supplies- limited. Offi
cer of the day reported half an hour ago
every set was in use. S'.i'.t over to divi
sion quartermaster and he answered tv«
had a dozen more'n we were entitled to
now. Wanted to kr.ow "f we meant to
Iron the whole regiment—' 1
"The h— !l he die.'" raged Canicer. "I'll
settle that in short order. My horse
there, orderly: I'll be back by 4, Mr.
Gordon: Fix that detail to suit yourself."
And so saying the irascible colonel Cung
himself out of. the tent and into his cad
"You young idiot," said Gordon, whirl-
Ing on Billy the moment the coast was
clear. "You came within an ace of ruin
ing The whole tiling. Never ask Canker
for anything un>ss it's what you wish to
be rid of. Tell Brooke you're for guard,
and he's to go to town instead."
"Hopping mad," as? he himself after
ward expressed it. Colonel '.'anker had
ridden over to "have it out" with the
quartermaster, who hart ventured to com
ment on his methods; but the tight of the
commanding general standing alone at
the entrance to his private tent, his pale
face grayer than ever and a. world of
troubie in his eyes; compelled Canker to
fetop short. Two or three orderlies were
on the run. Two aids-de-camp, Mr. Gar
rison arid a comrade were searching
through desks and boxes, their facea
grave and concerned. The regimental
commander was off his horse in a second.
"Anything amiss, general?" he asked,
■with soldierly salute.
The genera! turned slowly toward him.
"Cn:i our men sell letters," he said "a»
xvfi! as food ar.d forage? Do people buy
t-uch things? A most important package
has been— stolen from my tent."
I
The great thoroughfare of that won
dcrfu! city; teaied on more than her seven
hills, arid ruling the western world, was
thronged from curb to curb. Gay with
burning;, and streamers he tall buildings
of the rival nev/spupers and the long fa
cartes of hotels and business blocks were
gayer still with the life and color and en
thuMas::i that crowded every window.
Street traffic was blocked. Cable cars
clanged vainly end the police strove val
iantly, it was a day given up to but one
duty ar.d one purpose, that of giving God
epecd to the soldiery ordered for service
in the distant Philippines, and, thougii
they hailed from almost every section of
the Union except the Pacific Slope, as
though they were her own children, with
&li the hope and fnith asid pride and pa
tri"ti?m, with a!l the blessings and com
forts with which sh» had loaded the fore
most ships lhat F'±i)f"s, yet happily with
out the tears that flowed when her own
gallant regiment was among the first to
lead the way Kan Francisco turned out
en mapse to cheer the men from far be
yond the Sierras and the Rockies, and to
E-ee them proudly through the Golden
Git«.
Early in the day the guns of a famous
lipht battery had been trundled, deckfd
like some rose-covered chariot at th«
Buamer festival of flowers, through the
winding lanes of eager forms and faces,
the '.anncrwrs almost dragged from the
ranks by the clasping hands of men and
women who seemed powerless to let go.
"With rhcir little brown carbines tossed
Jauntily over the broad blue shoulders;
half a regiment of rrprulf.r cavalry, dis
mounted, had gone trtwlgiiir down to the
docks; cheered to the gateway of the pier
by thousands of citizens who Reemed to
envy the very recruite who, only half uni
formed und drilled; brought up the rear of
the column: Once within the ma*slve
wooden portals, the guards and sentries
holding back the importunate crowd, the
soldiers flues aside their heavy packs,
and wore marshaled before an array of
tempting tables and there feasted; com
forted and rejoiced under the ministra
tions of that marvelous successor of the
sanitary commission of the trrc-at civ:i
war of the sixties— the noble order of the
Red Crors.
There at those tables in the du«t and
<Jin of the bustling piers, In the soot and
heat of the railway stations in the jam
and turmoil at the ferry houses, in the
fog and chill of the seaward camps, in
the fever-haunted wards of crowded field
hospitals, from dnwn until lark from
dark until dawn, toiled week after week
devoted women in i.very grade of life, the
wife of the millionaire, th* daughter of
the day laborer, tho gently burn, the
delicately reared, the social pets and dar
llngs. Hie humble seamstress; no one too
high to sloop t<> aH the departing sol
dier, none too poor or low to deny him
cherr and sympathy. Th<- war wa« still
young then. Spain had not lowered her
riddled standard and sued for peace.
Two great fleets had been swept from the
BeasJ the guns of Santiago were silenced.
nn<! th'j .-itrnnghold of the Orient was
sulking In 'he shadow of the flag, but
there was still soldier work to be done,
and bo lone as the nation sent its fight
ins men through her broad and beautiful
gates San Francisco and th« Red Cross
stoo^i by v.ith eager, lavish hands to
heap upon the warrior pons of a score of
other States, even rr upon their own.
every cheer nnd comfort that wealth
cnu'.d ■ rchas*. or human sympathy de
rise It ■was the one feature of the war
6eyt< of 'SS that will never he forgotten.
At one of the flower-deckcwl fr,»v« • «■ - -
th« great "stage" that led to the main
a^ck of the transport a group of blithe
vaunt" matrons and pretty girls had been
busily serving fruit, coffee, bouillon and
substantiate to the troopers, man alter
man, for over two hour;:. There was live
ly chat and merry war of words going on
fit the moment between half a dozen
young officers who had their eyes on that
particular table ever since the coining of
their command, and were now making
the most of their opportunities before the
trumpets should sound the assembly and
the word be passed to move aboard. All
the heavy baggage and ammunition had
at last been swung into the hold; the guns
of the battery had been lowered and se
curely chocked: the forecastle head was
thronged with the -trimmed uniforms
of the artillerymen, who had already been
embarked ar.d were now Jealously clam
orlng that the .... should b» "shut
off" ....... ministrations of tne
Rod Cross; and broadly intimating that it
wasn't a fair eleal thai their rivals should
be allowed v. whole additional hour of
lingering farewells.
Lingering farewells there certainly
were. Many a young soldier and many
a lass 'paired off" in little nooks and
corners among the stacks of bales and
boxes, but at the table nearest the stag
ing all Beemed pay good humor. A merry
little woman with straw-colored hair and
p^rt. t!r»-tilted nose and much vivacity,
and complexion; had apparently taken
the lead in the warfare of chaff and fun.
Evidently she w no stranger to most
of the officers. Almost as evidently, to
a very close observer who stood a few
paces away, she was no Intimdtg of the
group of women who with good right r«
--gardt-d that 'able as their e^pecia! an I
personal charge.
Her Red < 'ross badge was very new;
her garb Btid gloves were just as fresh
and spotless: She had not been ladling
out milk ai,d cream, or buttering sand
wiches, or pinning souvenirs on dusty
blu« b'.ouKes ever since «>ar)y morning.
Other faces iher^ phowed through all their
smile:; and sw< etr.es* the traces of long
day:; of unaccustomed work aiid short
r.lgh.s ot troubled sleep. Mar\~elQU3 were
Mrs. Frank Garrison's . recuperative
powers, thought ;h*'y who saw her
brought home in Primes' stylish carriage.
wpak and helpless and shaken after her
adventure of the j.revioua day. She had
rot been at the Presidio a week; and yet
she pervaded it. She had never thought
cf such a thing as the Red Cross until
shr> found it the center of the social
firmament after her arrival at ban Fran--
Cisco, and h'*re she was, the last comer,
the fcronvKt ("most forward" i think
sorn-' one described it) fa their circle at
onr- of the mo?! prominent tables, ab
torblng much of the attention, most Of
the glory, and none of the fatigue that
shoiiid have been equally shared By all.
"Adios!" she gayly cried as the "a*
sembly" rang out, loud and clear, and
waving their hands and raising th^ij
caps the officers hastened to join their
command?. "Adlos, till we meet in Ma
nila."
"Do you really think of going to the
Philippines, Mrs. Garrison?" queried a
much older-looking woman. "Why, we
were told the general said that none of
his staff would be allowed to take their
wives."
"Yet there are others!" laughed Mrs.
Garrison, waving a dainty handkerchief
toward the troops now breaking into col
umn of twos and slowly climbing the
stage. "Who would want to go with that
blessed old undertaker? Good-by—
voyage. Geordie," she cried, blowing a
kiss to the lieutenant at the head of the
eecond troop, a youth who blushed and
looked confused at the attention thereby
centpr^d unon him. and who would fain
br.vi s!nr-or )-,u fjst. .-.-ithfr than waved
the one unoccupied hand in perfunctory
reply. "When I go I'll choose a ship with
a band ana broad decks, not any end)
cramped old canal bout as the Portland."
"Oh! [ thought perhaps your husband
•■ began the lady dubiously , l>ut with a
significant .... silent faces about
her.
"Who? Front Garrison? Heavens! I
haven't known what it was to have a hus
band—since that poor dear bry.went on
staff duty," promptly answered the dimin
utive center of attraction, ;t merry peal
of Laughter ringing under the dingy arch
way fif the lons. )on« roof. "Why. the
Portland has only one stateroom In it big
enough for a bandbox, and, of course, the
genera! has to have that, and there isn't
a deck ... one couple could turn a
slew waltz. No. Indeed! wait for the
next flotilla, when our follows gc, bands
and all. Then we'll see.'.'
"Btii • . .' ■ • • • • v re roid
the '
■
■
• ■
Dut
■
"The War Department has to take or
ders quite as often as it gives them. Mrs.
Dutton. The thing is to know how to be
of the order glvimt fide. Oh, joy!" she
suddenly criert. "Here are the Primes
and Amy La wrr nee— then the regiments
must be coming! And there's Stanley
Armstrong!"
Far up the westward street the distant
roar of voices mingled with the swing and
rhythm and crash of martial music. Dock
policemen and soldier:; on guard began
boring a wide lar.c through ttie throng of
people on the pier. A hugh black trans
port fchip lay moored along the opposite
side to that on which the guns and troop
ers were- embarked, and for hours bales,
boxes and barrels had been .swallowed
up and stored in her capacious depths un
til now over against th« tables of the Rod
Cross there lay behind a rope ban taut
stretched and guarded by a line of sen
trl<:« and open space close under the side
of the greater Eteamer and ■••■■: i the
two landing Pt&gei* placed fore and aft
By this time the north Hide of the broad
pior was littered with the inevitable relics
of npen-air lunching, and though busy
hands had been at work an>i thp tables
had been cleared; and fresh white cloths
were spread and everything on the tables
began ngfiln to look fair and ■• ■ tins:, the
good fairie| themselves looked askance at
thHr boi-uevvn surroundings "Oh, if we
could only move everything bodily over to
the other side," wailci Madam -''lent.
a* from her perch on a stack of Red
Cross boxes she surveyed that coveted
Htretch of clean, unhampered flooring.
"And why not?" chirruped ]\lrs. Garri
son, from a similar perch, a tier or two
higher. "Here are men enough to move
mountains. All we have to do is to say
thfi v. OT'i."
"Ah, but It Isn't," replied the other, gas
ing; tristful]? nbout over the throng of
fncs. »s though in s*»ar.-h of some one
sufficient in rank nnd authority to serve
her purpose. "We plead in vain with the
officer of the guard. He says his orders
are imperative— to allow no one to intrude
on that spare." and madam looked as
though she would rather look anywhere
than at the animated .sprite above her.
"What nonsense!" shrilled Mrs. Gar
rison, "Here, Cherry," she called to a
pretty girl standing near the base of the
pile, "give me my bag. I'm army woman
enough to know that order referred only
to the street crowd that sometimes work's
in on the pier and steals." The bag was
duly passed up to her. She cast one swift
glance over the heads of the crowd to
where a handsome carriage was slowly
working its way among the groups of
THE ST-KT)AY CALL.
prettily dressed women and children
friends and relatives of members hi we
departing commands, in whose behaii, as
though by special dispensation, the order
excluding all but soldiers and the it?"
Cross had been modified. Already the
lovely dark-eyed girl on the near Bide < had
waved her hand in greeting, respond ing
to Mrs. Garrison's enthusiastic sl snai».
but her companion, equally lovely. though
of far different type, seemed preoccupied,
perhaps unwilling to see. for her large,
dark, thoughtful eyes were engaged wHB
Bom« object on the opposite -col e\en
with the distinguished looking S(ll , dier t woo
sat facing her and talking quietly at trie
moment with Mr. Prime. There was a
gleam of trumph in Mrs Garrison 3 da .nc-
Ing eyes as she took out a fiat notebook
an.l pencil and dashed off a I>tt IV;t '" l "
bold and vigorous strokes. Tearing out
the page she rapidly read It over .folded
it and glanced imperiously abou. her. A
cavalry sergeant, one of the home v
destined to remain at The Pr- •....<■>. v. .-.«
leaning over the edge of th* pier, '^nsms
on to an iron ring and shouting some P 11 ' ;"
ing words to comrades or. the upper '','>„
but her shrill soprano cut through tne
dull roar of deep masculine voices arid the
trump of feel on resounding woodviorK.
-Sergeant:- she cried, with quick de
cision. "Take this over to the officer in
c-jmmand of that guard. Then bring a
dozen men and move these two tables
across the pier." The cavalryman
glanced at the saucy little woman in the
stunning costume, "took in tnj gold
crossed sabers topped by a regimental
number In brilliants that pinned her mar
tial, collar at the round, white throat,
note the ribbon and pin and badge of the
Red Cross and the symbol of the Eighth
Corps in red enamel and gold upon the
breast of her jacket, and. above all, the
ring of accustomed authority in her tone.
line! never hesitated a second. Springing
to the pile of boxes, he grasped the
paper, respectfully raised his cap and
bored his stalwart way across the pier
In three minutes he was back, half a
doz"Ti soldiers at his heels.
"Where'll you have 'cm, ma'am— miss?
he asked, aa the men grasper! the supports
iind raised the nearmost table.
"Straight across and well over to the
edge," she answered, in the same crisp
tones of command. Then, with a total
end instant change of manner, "I suppose
your tables shuuid go first. Madam Pres
ident." she smilingly said. "It shall be
as you wish about the others."
Aii'l the Red Cross was vanquished.
"I declare." paid an energetic official, a
moment later, leaning buck on her throne
Of iemon boxes and fanning; herself vigor
ously, "for a whole hour I've been trying
to move that oilicer's heart and convince
him the order didn't apply to us. Now.
how did— she— it?"
"The officer must be some old— some
persona.! friend," hazarded the secretary,
with a quick feminine comprehensive
Fiance at the little Lady now being lifted
up to shake bands [th Ihe carriage folk,
after being loaded with compliments and
congratulations by the ladies of the two
favored tables.
"Not at all," was the prompt reply "X ■
is a volunteer officer she never pet eyes
on before to-day. 1 would like to know
what was on that paper."
But now the roar of cheering and the
blare of martial music had reached the
very gateway. The broad portal? were
thrown open and, In blue and brown,
crushed and squeezed by the attendant
throng, the head of the column of in
fantry came striding on to the pier. The
band, wheeling: to one side, stood at the
entrance, playing leas in, the rafters
ringing to the stirring strains of "The
Liberty Bell." They were still far down
the long pier, the sloping rifles just visi
ble, dancing over the heads of the crowd.
No time was to l" lost. More tables were
to be carried, but— who but that— 'that
little army woman" could give the order
bo that it would be obeyed? Not one bit
did the president like to do It. but some
thing had to be done to obtain the neces
sary order, for the soldiers who so will
ingly and promptly obeyed her beck and
call were now edging away for a look at
the newcomers, and Mrs. Frank Garrison,
perched on the carriage step and chatting
most vivaciously with its occupants and
no longer concerning herself, apparently,
about the Red Cross or its tables, had the
gratification of finding herself approached
quite as she had planned, by two most
prominent and distinguished women of
Ban Francisco society and requested to
Issue instructions as to the moving of the
*^rtKS; ladies." she responded with
charming smiles. "Just one minute. Mil
dred Don't drive farther yet, . and within
that minute half a dozen boys in blue were
lugging at the first of the tables still left
on the crowded side of the dock, and
others still were bearing oil stoves, urns
and trays. In less time, than it takes to
tell it the entire Red Cross equipage was
on its way across the pier, and when the
commanding officer of the arriving regi
ment reached the spot which he had
planned to occupy with his band, his staff
and all his leers, there in state and
ceremony to receive the. citizens who
came in swarms to bid them Farewell, he
found i:. occupied hy as many as eight
snowy. groody-i.'WleTi tables, presided over
by as many as oiprhty charming maids and
matrons; all ready nd eager to comfort
and revive the inner man of hi mighty
regiment with coffee and good cheer il
limitable, and the colonel sv. ore a mighty
oath and pounced on his luckless officer of
the p.uard. TTo had served as a subaltern
many a year in the old army, and knew
how it was done,
"Didn't 1 give you persona! and positive
orders not to lot anything or anybody oc
cupy ii.is pparc after the brassage was got
aboard, sir?" ho. demanded.
• win did. sir," said tho unabashed lieu
tenant, pulling a folded paper from his
belt, and the Red Cross got word to the
general and what the led Cross saya—
goes. Look nt that!"
The colonel looked, read, looked dazed,
scratch^.. his hoari and Bald: "Well, I'm
d — -!" Then he turned to his adjutant.
"You were with me when 1 saw tho gen
eral last night and he tolrl mo to put this
guard on and keep this space clear Now,
what d'you say to that V"
The adjutant glanced over tho penciled
lines. "Well, -"id he. "if you s nose any
order that discriminates against th< Roil
Cross is going to hold good once they find
It out, you're bound to get left. They're
feasting the first company now, sir; shall
1 nave it stopped?" and there was a grin
under the young' soldier's mustache. The
colonel pan.- oil one moment, shook his
head find concluded ho, too, would better
grin and bear It. Taking the paper in his
hand again he heard his name called and
paw smiling faces and beckoning hands In
an open carriage near him, but the sight
of Stanley Armstrong signaling to him
from another, farther away, had some
thing dominant about it. "With you In a
minute," he called to those who lirst had
summoned him. "What is it, Arm
strong?"
"I wish to present you to some friends
of mine— Mips Lawrence— Miss Prime— Mr.
Prime— old associate. Colonel Stew
art. Pardon me, Mrs. Garrison. 1 did not
pee you had returned." She had. and
vas once more perched upon the step.
"Mr;. Garrison— Colonel Stev.-urt. What
we need to know, Stewart; is this: Will
all your men board the ship by this stage,
or will some go .ft?"
"All by this stage— v.-hv?"
But the colonel felt a somewhat massive
hund crushing down on *hls own and fore
bore to press the question. Armstrong
let no pause ensue, lie spoke, rapidly
for him, bending forward, too. and peak
ins low; but even as she chatted and
1-lughed, the little woman on th, carriage
step saw, even though she did not seem
to look, heard, even though she did not
seem to li: ten :
"An awkward thing has happened. The
general's tent was robbed of Important
papers perhaps two days ago, and the
guardhouse rid of a most important pris
oner last night. Canker has put the offi
cer of the guard in arrest. Remember good
old BHIy Gray, ho commanded »Sus at
Apache? This is Billy Junior, and I'm
awfully sorry." Here the soft gray eves
glanced quickly at the anxious face" of
Miss Lawrence, who sat silently fei^nine
Interested In the chat between the others
The anxious look in her eyes increased
at Armstrong's next words": "The pris
oner must have had friends. He is • v - 
paid to be among your men, disguised
and those two fellows at the " stare
are detectives. I thought all that space
was to be kept clear." y
"It was," answered Stewart, "vet the
chief must have been overpersuadetl
Look here!" and the colonel held forth -i
scrap of: paper. Amy Lawrence, hearing
something like the gasp of a sufferer in
sudden pain, turned quickly and saw that
every vestige of color had' left Mrs. Gar
rison face— that she was almost reeling
on the step. Before she could call attetv- .
tion to it, Armstrong, who had taken and
glanced curiously at the scrap, whirled
suddenly, and nis eyes, in stern menace,
swept the spot where the little lady clung
but an instant before. _„„„
As suddenly Mrs. Garrison had sprung
from the step end vanished.
CHAPTER VII.
Billy Gray was indeed In close arrest
and the grim prophecy was [gdflUea^
Colonel Canker was proving an> thing
but a guardan angel to him The whole
regiment, officers and men. barring on y
the commander. was practically in
mourning with sorrow for him and chag
rin over Its own discomfiture. Not orii>
one important prisoner was gone, but
two: not only two. but four. No man in
authority was able to say just when or
how it happened: for it was Canker s own
order that the prisoners should not oo
paraded when the guard fell in at night.
■[• , v were there at tattoo ano at taps
"all secure." The officer of the guard,
said several soldiers, had quite a long
talk with one of the prisoner?- young
Morton— just after tattoo, at which time
the entire guard had been inspected by
the commanding; officer himself. But at
reveille four most important prisoners
were gone and, such was Canker's wrath.
not only was Gray In arrest, but the
sergeant of the guard also, while trio
three luckless men who were successively
posted as sentries during the night at the
back of the wooden shell that served as
a guardhouse- were now in close confine
ment in the place of the escaped quartet.
Yet those three were men who had hith- -
erto been above suspicion, and there were
few soldiers in the regiment who would
accept the theory that any one of the
three had connived at the escape. As for
the sergeant— had served four enlist
ments in the teenth. and without a
flaw in his record beyond an . occasional
aberration In the now distant past, due
to the potency of the poteen distilled by
certain Hibernian experts not far from
an old-time "plains fort," where the regi
mont had rested on its march 'cross con
tinent. A? for the officers— but who would
suppose an officer guilty of anything of
the kind— a flagrant military crime? And
yet— men got to asking each other if it
were so that Bugler Curran had carried a
note from the prisoner, Morton to Mr
Gray about 2:30 that afternoon? And
what was this about Gray's having urged
Brooke to swap tours with him an hour
later, and what was that story the head
quarters clerks were tfllir.g about Mr
Gray's coming to the adjutant and ber
glng to be allowed to "march on" that
evening instead of Brooke?. It wasn t
lonp before these rumors, somehow rot
to Canker's ear. and Canker seemed to
gmv: as big again; he fairly swelled w'th
indignation at thought of such ttirDi*
tude on the part of an officer. Th»n ne
sent for Gray-it was the afternoon tol
lowing the sailing of the ships with the
big: brigade— and with pain and bewilder
ment and Indignation in his brave blue
eyes the youngster came and stood before
his stern superior. Gordon, who sent the
message, and who had heard Canker's de
nunciatory remarks, had found time to
scribble a word or two-"Admit nothing
say nothing; do nothing but hold your
tongue and temper. If C. insists on in
sv.ers say you decline except in presrnc"
of your legal advftcr." So th^re was a
scene in the commander's tent that after-
i The morning had not been without its
Joys Along about 10 o'clock as Gray Bat
writing to his father in his little canva*
home, he heard a voice that sent he blood
leaping through his veins and filled his
eyes with .light. Springing from liis ca-xm
stool 1 and capsizing it as he did so he
poked his curly head from the entrant-!
of the tent-and there she was-^nly a
dozen feet away-Major Lane in cour 'ecus
attendance, Mr. Prime sadly followt - n
and Miss Prime quite content with the de
votions of Captain Schuvler. Only »
dozen feet away and coming straight to
him with frank smiles and sympathy n
her kind and winsome face- with hand
outstretched the moment she caught
Bight of him "We wanted to come when
we heard of it yesterday, Mr. Gray" sa ?d
Amy Lawrence "but it was dark when
we rot back from seeing the fleet off
and uncle was too tired in the venire'
Indeed *ye are all very, very sorry!" AiuJ
poor Billy never heard , or cared what 'the
others said, so absorbed was he in drink
. Ing in her gentle words and gazing Into
her soft, dark eyes.
No wonder he found it difficult to re
lease her hand. That brief visit, tilled
with sweetness and sunshine, ought to
have been a blessing to him all day long,
but Canker caught sighi of the damsels
as they walked away on the arms of the
attendant .cavaliers— Lawrence. more
than once smiling: back at the incarcer
ated Billy— Canker demanded to be
informed who they were and where they
had been, and Gordon answered they were
Miss Lawrence of Santa Anita find rMiss;
I'rimf.- of New York— and he "reckoned",
they must have been in to condole wirli'
Mr. Gray— whereat Canker snarled that
people ought to know better than .to' visit
officers in arrest— it was tantamount to
disrespect to the commander, was
marvelous how- many things :n Canker a
eves were disrespectful; •
So he heard these stories with eager
ears and sent for Gray, and thought to
bully him Into an Admission ozJeonfeasion,
but ' Gordon's words had -stiffened the
little fellow to the extenfcsoi braving (.-an
ker's anger and telling him he had said
all he proposed to say when the colonel
called him up the previous day. Ihe-re
sult of that previous interview .was h?s
being placed in dose arrest and informed
that he should be tried by genera! ourt
inartia! at once. So he had taken
as was his right, and "counsel foiuade
his committing himself in any way.
"Then you refuse to divulge the con
tents of that note and to say*wby*you
were so eager to go on guara Wt-OZtvpw
turn?" said Canker, oracularly. ™t in
Itself is sufficient to convince an> fair
minded court of your guilt, sir. Whoreat
Gordon winked at and ft*,*!
tongue in his cheek-ano JJilly stood .■»"•
until ordered, with much asperity, to go
back to his tent. U.'i»*it
But there were other things that might
well go toward convincing a ™ urt ,°Vmv
guilt of Lleutenani Gray, and po<-.: Lilly
contemplated them with sinking heart.
Taking prompt advantage of his position
as officer of the guard, he had caused the
voting prisoner to be brought " , l?l
the guardhouse, and as a heavy, dripping
fog had come on the wings of the night
wind, sailing in from the sea, he had led
the way to the sheltered side, which hap
pened to be the darkest one, of the rude
-little building, and had there bidden him
tell his story. But Morton glanced un
easily at a sentry who followed close and
was hovering suspiciously about . _•'! can
not talk about— the affair— that fel
low spying," be said, with an eager plea
in his tone and a sign of the hand- that
Gray well knew and quickly recognized.
••Keep around in front. I'll be respon
sible for this prisoner." -were his orders,
and. almost reluctantly, the man left.
He was a veteran soldier, and his man
ner impressed the lieutenants with a
vague sense of trouble. Twice the sentry
glanced back and hesitated, as though
something were on his mind that he must
tell but finally he disappeared and kept
out of the -way during the brief Inter
view that immediately followed. . The
prisoner eagerly, excitedly began his ex
planation—swiftly banishing any linger
ing doubts Gray might have .entertained
as to his innocence. But he had com*
from a stove-heated guardroom into the
cold sea wind off the Pacific— into the
floating wisps of .vapor thai sent chill to
the arrow. He was far too lightly, clad
for that climate, and presently he began
to shiver. • ■
"You are cold," Raid Gray, pityingly.
"Have you no overcoat?"
"It's at my tent— l never expected to
spend this night here. I've been before the
summary court, fined for absence, and
thought" that would end it, but instead
of that I'm a prisoner and the- man who
should be here is stalking about -camp,
planning more robberies. ; Yet I'd rather
associate with the very worst of the-de
serters or dead beats inside there,'-' and
the dark eyes glanced almost in horror—
the slender figure shook with mingled re
pulsion and chill— "than with -that
smooth-tongued sneak and liar: There s
no crime too mean for him to commit,
Mr. Gray, and the men are beginning to
know it, though the colonel won't. For
God's sake, get me out. .of this before
morning" And again the violent
tremor shook the lad from he- to foot.
"Here— get inside!" said Gray impul
sively. "I'll see the adjutant at once, .and
return to you in a few minutes. 'If/you
have to remain until the matter can be
Investigated by the genera] it might, be
"It would be — " vehemently interrupted
Morton, then breaking .off .short, as
though at loss for descriptivem-ss of
sufficient strength. He: seemed :to; swell
■with passion as he clinched his fists and
fairly stood upon hi= tors an instant; his
Btrong white teeth grinding together. "It
•would be— simply he!H" he burst in again,
hoarse and quivering. "It -would ruin—
everything. Can't the general give the
order to-night?" he asked with intense
eagerness, while the young officer, taking
him by the arm. had led' him again to the
light of the gi;ardhou'se lamps at the
front. The servant and a group of" sol
diers straightened up 'and faced-- them,
listening curiously.
"It may be even impossible to- see the
general."" answered ray doubtfully.
"Take Morton into the guardroom till I get
back, sergeant, and let him wu.rm himself
thoroughly. Don't put him with the- pris
oners till I return." and so"' saying lie had
hastened away. Gordon., his friend and
adviser, had left ramp and gone visiting
over in the other division. The lights at
fere turned low.
her now. after having heard- proofs of
the innocence of the accused soldier. Gray
knew ii was useless to appeal to the col
onel. He could not understand, however,
the feverish, almost Insane, Impatience
of the lad for immediate release. Another
day ought not to make so great a differ
ence. .■'■" -"'> : -- ; >, . '-
What could be the reason — it was not
that, though innocent of the robbery of
the storehouse, or of complicity in the
pale of stolen ponds, some other crime lay
at his door which the morrow might dis
close? All the loyalty of a Delta Sip was
stretched to the snapping point as Gray
raused irresolute in front of the adjutant's
tent, his quest there unsuccessful. The
sergeant major and a sorely badgered
clerk were working late over some regi
mentaJ papers— things that Morton wrote
out easily and accurately.
"I suppose, sir, it's no use ask - to
have the prisoner sent up here under
guard," said that jewel of a non-commis
sioned officer. "Yet the colonel will be
savage if these papers ain't ready. It will
take us all night as things are going."
Gray shook his curly head. "Go ask. if
you like, but — Morton's in no shape to
help you"
"Has he been drinking, sir?" said the
sergeant-major In surprise. "I never
knt-w him"
"Oh. it isn't that," said Gray hastily,
"only he's — he's other matters on his
mind. Brir.g me his overcoat. He said
it was In his tent," and the young officer
Jerked his head at the patch of little
"A" tents lined up in the rear of those
of the officers.
"Get Morton's overcoat and take it to
him at the guardhouse." snapped the staff
sergeant to the e'erk. "Be spry now. and
no stopping on the way hack," he added,
well aware how much in need his as
sistant stood of creature comfort of some
surreptitious and forbidden kind". The
man was back in a moment, the coat.
rolled on his arm.
"I'll take it," said Gray simply; "you
needn't come." " • .
"Go on with It!" ordered the sergeant as
the soldier hesitated. D'ye think the
service has gone to the devil and officers
are rrrnnin' errands for enlisted men? An*
get back inside two minutes, too," he
added with portent in his tone. The sub
altern of hardly two months' service felt
the implied rebuke of the soldier of over
twenty i years and meekly accepted the
amendment, but— a thought occurred to
him: He had promised Morton paper en
velopes and tamp* and the day's news
papers—the lad seemed strangely eager to
pet all the latter? and vaguely Billy re
membered havlug heard that Canker con
sidered giving papers to prisoners us
equivalent to aid and comfort to the
enemy.
"Take it by way of my tent," said he as
they started, and once there it took time*
to find things "Go back to the sergeirit
major and tell him I- rent you "si id
Gray, after another search.- "He' needs
you on those papers."
And when the officer of the guard re
turned to the guards ■ and went in to
the prisoner, the sere, • saw-and
others saw— that, rolled In the soldier's
overco;it he carried on his arm. was a
bundle done up in newspaper, i.lnreover,
a errnp r >f conversation was overheard.
"T! • '■ ',- no one at the general's," said
the oflicpr. "I see no way ot— • ■ ng it
before morning." ::-.•■
"My God. lieutenant! Therp— must b»
some way out of It: The morning will
be too •■■." ' -.. : . ;
"Then I'll do what T can for you to
night." said Mr. Gray as he tur ed and
hurriedly left the guardroom— a dozen
men standing stiffly about the walls and
doorway and staring with impassive faces
straight »o the front. Again, the young
officer hail left the post of the guard and
gone up into ramp, while far find-near
through the dim. fog-swept aisles of a
score of ramps and bugles anil mpets
were wailing the signal for "lights out."
and shadowy forms with c at col
lars turned up about the ears or
capes muffled around the neck,
scurried about the company streets
ordering talk and laughter to
cease. '
Continued Next Week.. " ■- . -^ ■ ..- •• ;'.'. '...'"". • ' ■
THE choice of Christmas presents for
any one is difficult; the choice of
presents for boys and girls is bewil
dcrlngly diflicult. The children's
book-counter is perhaps the most
puzzling place in the world at which to
etand. What shall bo selected out of all
this gay pile, where everything looks alike
end wherei after all, nearly everything
locks a little dull to grown-up eyes? About
the first of December The Call will review
the children's books of the season.
Frank Stockton t.l think it is he) some
where tolls the story of a writer by trade
■who had been tolerably successful In sell
ing his wares until he was unfortunate
enough to write a story with a touch of
genius. From that sad day on editors re
turned his manuscripts with the sugges
tion that they should be glad to accept
something of the type of the too success
ful story; while the public received such
stray bits as did ape into publication
witn disfavor? because they betrayed de
cadence. The poor man was rinally re
duced to the necessity of writing under an
assumed name; his work was again ac
cepted! a;;d by tms means he was enabled
to earn • • modest income, but lortuuateiy
no lame.
\\ c have r.o right to expect a new Uncle
Remus in every u:ie of Air. Joei . ncner
llarr;s" new books. Uncle Kexnus" narra
tives ale leauy t'jlk-taits, uunued uown
from generation to generation, passed
from uresiue. to nresiUr;, aaa tnus suu-
Jetted to an Inexorable testing, an unerr
ing crlticibM and an iiuciugcui revision]
wnicu may assure us mat ur.iy tne Des.t
forms vi the best stories r.avc survived.
A laic- whitn lias iieiu the attention of
co::;..a;ii utter company • : iianu and un
coerced iiattners inrough ;.-i a. bUIO years.
a::<i wnicn nas been :rtc... »auUiiieu uy
every teller; mutt nave oeeu finally
gc-..c ar.u n;u*i nave atiaiutu sornetnins
u&o perfection m us tuna! .no one uiaa
can nope to niUKe up ur io pick up la.cd
as ffoou as foiK-ia:es. air. hams uas tna
ric'ii- to ask ua mat we shau read "Tna
Curunicies of Aunt Mmervy Ami" as it
we i»uu never heard oi Uncie Kciuus.
It was not tor nothing mat Aunt Minervy;
Ann was descenaeu norn a greai-grana-i
mother; who wvea to be uxiTyears om, and
■who" b.ac tattooea on her oreast an eagle,
the .si.-v vi royalty. ■/tone nan a oaa
tempei; a.va was oui'.i rterce ana fearless
-v.in.-n :i waj aroused; but it was accom
panied by a i»eati at tender and a devo
uon as unselhan as any mortal ever pos
sessed or displayed: Her temper was
more widely advertised than her tender
ness and ncr independence more cieaiiy
in evidence than uer unseittsn devotion,
except 'o thosa who Knew ncr well or la
timatelv:" \\ lic-n she was congratulated
on mc" fact trial ncr husband was tho
leader of tne coiorec people m the county
her answer ready: "Well; he can
lead me. i tell you dat right now:"
t>o decisive is Aunt Alinervy Ann s first
appearance on tne scene, and nowhere
does she belie tne impression produced
by these first words: W nether putting her
bill through the Legislature or minister
ing with tender violence of her own pov
erty to "Miss Value's" needs, or wrest
ling ior her pie with Salem Birch, or
••irauin" out" Kly Bnsign; or doing like
wise by the Gossett boys, lie is the same
I'llineivj- Ann Perdue at\home an' abroad,
an' vi vis yer great town whar you can't
get niggers to cook fer prompt and
lorcefui in deed and word, capable, gen
erous, lierce and kindly and even distin
guished by. a rough majesty of manner
and character.
Mr. Harris more than once celebrates
her dramatic power of vividly bringing
before the eye the scenes which she de
scribes. Perhaps the most forcible in
etance occurs in the description of ill*
fight with The Gosseus.
■• 'Terr< kiy here dey come. Dey kinder
quiet down when dey see me an' Marsa
Tumlin. Hey driv ip, dey did, an" drlv
en by, an" dis make me b'lieve dat dey
wuz jrwine on 'bout deir bizness an" let
we-ali go on 'bout our'n; but dat Idee
want in der hf»ad. Dey driv by, dey did.
an' den dey puiled up. We walkt on, an
Marte Tumlin lookt at urn mighty Imrd.
Hube, he was Irivin', an' ez we come up
even wid urn. he 'low, "Major Perdue, I
hear tell dat you lap my pa's face not
so mightly long ago." Marse Tumlin say,
•I did, an' my nan' ain't clean > it."' lla
helt it out so dey kin see fer deyse'f. "I
b'lieve," sez Rube. "I'll take a closer look*
at it." Wid dat he lipt out er de buggy,
and by de time he hit der groun" Marse
Tumlin had knnckt him a-windin' wid his
curly hick'ry walkin 1 cane. By dat time
John Henry* had j impt out'n de buggy,
an' he went at Marae Tumlin wid a dirk
knif*». He kep' de cane off'n his head by
dodgln'; but trse Tumlin hit a back lick
en'' knock de knife ut'n his han 1 an' den
df-y clincht. Den Rube got up an' start
to'rds im on de run.
" 'Well, sub. 1 wuz skeered an' mad
bofe. 1 seed sumpin' had ter be done, an'
dat. mighty quick; so I tuck atter Rube,
cotch 'm by de e'.lybows, shoved Mm ahead
faster dan he.wuz gwinp. an' -■■ red 'im
ripht to'rds de caved-in place in de brier
bushes. He tried mighty hard to stop,
but he wuz gwine down hill, an' 1 had de
ol' boy In me. I got 'im close ter de place,
suh. an' den I gi"ra a shove an', inter de
briers he went, head over heels. All dis
time 1 had de rock in my han". By de
time I turn roun' 1 see Sam a-comin'.
When de rumpus start up his hoss shied
an' made a break down de hill wid "im,
bv.t he ew'd 'im roun' an' jumped off,
en' here he come back, his face re I his
hat off an' ol' Nick hisself 'kin' out'n
his eyes. I know'd mighty well I can't
steer him Into no brier bush, an' so when
he run by me I let 'im have de rock in
de burr er de year. 'Twa'n't no light
lick, suh; I wuz plum venomous by den,
an' he went down dcs like a beef does
•when you knock 'im in de head wid a
ax.'
"Aunt Minervy Ann, all unconscious of
her attitud* - from
the floor and now st< ■! ! !le of
m, tall, towering and defiant.
" 'li^n 1 run ter whar Marse T'.:rn!in
and John Henry Olossett had been scuf
flin', but by de time I got dar John Henry
squalled nut dat he had 'nuff; an' he
want tellin' no lie, suh, fer Marse Tum
lin had ketched his cane up short
used It on da: n
do wld icepicks. i'e I!kr> I
• ii;i. But when he holla iiat I
'miff, Marse Tumlin let 'iin up. H<
'im up, he did. an' sorter step back. By
:ni^ Rube wuz a-' lin n de
s, an' Sam wuz makln" motions like
Tumlin say, "i.'^np
. scale one I hing: i >•■
time a'^r one er you bat his ■
me I'm gwine ter put a hole right spang
th'oo you. Ef you don't b'lieve it
kin start ter battin 1 urn right now.' W d
dat ho drawed out h)s revolver an' kinder
•■. . • [lube saj . "We'll drap it,
maior; we dcs had a little too much liker.
1-iut 1 rap it v.id dat nigger dar.
ill pay her fer dls day's work, an' I'll
pay h"-r well."
" 'Well, suh, de way he say It set me
on fire. I stept out in de middle er de
road, an" 'low. "Blast yo' rotten h^nrt. ef
: dcs walk out. her<-- I'll whip you in
a far fight. Fight me wid yo' naked
eat yo 1 up, ef I hatter pizen
I !•> It " '
"Once more Minervy Ann brought the
■whole seen- mysteriously before me. Her
eyes gleamed ferociously, her body sway
ed an her outstretched arm trembled
with the emotion she had resummoned
from the past We wore on the «pot.
The red hillside, the ledge of Cherokee
roses, Major Perdue prim and erect. Sam
Gossett struggling to his feet, John Henry
wiping his beaten fare. Rube astounded
at the unwonted violence of a negro
v/oman. the buggy swerved to one side by
the horse searching for grass— all these
things came Into view and slowly faded
away. A::nt Minervy Ann, suddenly
recollecting hf-r^-elf. laughed sheepishly.
" 'I ain't tfllin' no lie. suh: dat OT* Rube
Gossett stood dpT like a little boy dat de
calf run over. He mought er had
Fumpin' ugly to pay, but Marse Tumlin
put in. He 'low: "Don't you fool yo'se'C
'bout dis iiie?f-r woman. " When you hit
h«»r you hits me. Befo' you put yo 1 han'
on 'er you come an' spit in my face.
You'll fin' dat lot de chenpes' way er Kit
tin' de flo:'e what I got fer dem what
hurts Minervy Ann.' "
The plois of the tales are even slighter
than in most mairnzine stories of the "Same
length and r ; eem to betray a lack of rower
to construct a narrative. The Role in
terest of the hooks r«\«ts In the incidents
recounted by Minfrvy Ann. All that has
1o <>. with Mi«s V Up and Major Tumlin,
Vr-rilue- rind Mr Paul Conant, except as
Aunt Minervy Ann. '«* irw and parcel of
the. fiction. Is weak air! flat. A reader Is
disappointed in Mr. Conant's shoulder,
nnddn the thin romance about it. Thus
the book Is uneoual and at times very
l.in^uld. Aunt Minervy ftltvp. resonant.
ptronr in love or ane»r. carries a weight
of deadnesc. Mr. Ford's Illustrations of
n^crof-' are vlgorou*. of white poople
weak «nd vague. (C. Scrlbner's Sons,
New York, 51 SO )
"Mammon & C 0.." by E. F. Benson, the
author of "Dodo," is a novel of the
"smart" sot in London society and of
the high finance which uses the smart
fiet for advertising purposes. Mr.
AUngton was a financier, a floater
of Australian mines. He was a large
man, with a look in repose of heavy
respectability, like a butler, in animation
usually of serene benignity, like a hlunt
featured saint. His hair was rather thin
and light, with a bald spot In It like a
tonsure. "Sobrietj shone from his large,
mild eye and the lines of his firm, some
what full-lipped mouth expieesed steadi
ness in every curve." About his room
hung a few exquisite pictures. His tastes
In eating and drinking were dainty almost
to asceticism. He would stop a conver
sation on the most engrossing financial
topics to call attention to the beautiful
line drawn across the sky by a flight of
birds, or to the serene charm of the even
ing light on the hills. When he had with
absorbed attention worked out the details
of a great money deal, h^ would rest him
self by playing Bach's St. Matthew Pas
sion music, alternating from vibrant pas
sion to the most delicate reticence and
sobriety with the skill and feeling of a
gre.ir musician. Then he would kneel at
an old oak prayer desk, thanking God for
his "health and wealth, his perseverance,
his brains, his power of appreciating
beautiful things" and praying for their
continuance.
Then he would get Into bed and sleep
soundly.
When it was necessary he could bribe
an editor, and he was master of the art
of manipulating shan B.
This man of genius had pome mines to
sell to the British public! He needs some
titles on his prospectus. The Marquis of
I care, known as Jack, has a title
and much less than no money at all. The
Marchioness of Conybeare, known as Kit,
is in even greater need of money than
her husband.
Jrt- 1 ; and Kit, this penniless pair o/
i*i(?nr<?tte-sm"king chums, wno enter
tained Princes and gave the best balls In
London, unite in a. friendly attack upon
Mr. Alington. The method is simple,
consisting mainly in a judicious combina
tion of Kit with a marvelous gown from
Worth, developed in a scheme of orange
wrking to her "glorious red-gold hair.
full of dusky flames," and accentuated
by a string of rubies on her "dazzling
n>-ck."
Besides Mr. Alington. Jack and Kit, the
characters an- few— "Ted" Lord Comber,
the villain; Miss Murchison, .in American
heiress, the angel; Mrs. Murchison, the
Mrs. Malaprop; "Toby," Lord Evelyn
Massingbird, Jack's brother, the foil to
.Tnck jiiil the subsidiary ar.gel.
The novel has two separate themes.
The liist Is Jack's endeavor to attain
wealth with Mr. Alington's help. Shares
are forced up. up, up; then down; th^n
igain by Mr. Alington's skill. The
- tand jus! ready to rei p the pi
and suddenly the whole structure falls
with a res lunding crash. While Jack had
thus been worshiping Mammon, Kit had
been busy with the other part "f the his
tory, engaged with "Co."; that is, the
pomps and v;tr.it.ies of this wicked world
and all Th*- sinful desires of the flesh.
Very extravagant, ver> jolly, very charm-
Ing and very audacious, she had never
compromised herself, because people had
so !:s« d to seeing her do extraordi
nary things without meaning any harm
that they never expected any harm of
her. At last, however, her house on the
mi re heavily than
Jack's. Jack gets into th>- bankrupt court
anil sees his name In the papers. Kit,
aft.-r passing through a hell of fear and
ety. finds her catastrophe In a shock
brings her near the gates of death.
The tale ends with Kit and Jack sitting
at the feet of f.iiy Murchison listening
to V)' r unaffected, simple wisdom, and
striving to set the roots of a new life in
the arth.
The novel compels attention by its force
the amount of thought put into it.
it contains brilliantly conceived Bcenes.
and it exhibits a very thorough .study of
phases of the life which it repre-
As a piece of the novelist's art. how
ever, it suffers from grave defects. It
possesses no c< int of interest.
Mr. Alington Is the most individual and
powerful figure, while Jack and Kit are
the subjects of the story. And Jack's
money making and Kit's, mad dance in
dangerous places are not in the least con
ed. A more profound weakness Is
that the characters are described; they
are made to act. but do not Beem to act
from Inward necessity. Alington's music
und art are merely stuck on him; they
are not part of him. Kit's repentance is
not analyzed and made credible. Repen
tance Is always dangerous in a novel.
It has a perilous tendency to weaken the
definite impression produced by a char
acter, to obscure its individuality, often
to destroy the dignity -zivf-ri it by con
sistency. If B character is allowed to re
the repentance must be the develop
ment of !atcnt tmits already subtly hinted
at. and it must be In character— not
against it. Kit's repentance is feeble, un
certain, dazed and mild: Kit In her palmy
days has a fine conscienceless energy and
brilliance more Interesting than her sap*
ling virtue.
Throughout there is more cleverness
than Imagination. The smart speeches
have no individuality. The whole book
Is not one single thing cast from on*
pouring, grown from one rout, or worked
out from one central thought. Its part 3
are "assembled," as they saj of bicycles
bought In pieces from a half dozen fac
tories and put together. Such books can
not possess the consistency of imagina
tive works, in which the characters do
what they do because they cannot help
If not because they are told to. Natur
ally external peculiarities are insisted on
—Mr Alington's look of a bad stained
glass saint, "Toby's hair, "Ted's" face
inn - sage.
•\iumm->n & Co." challenges comparison
with the late Harold Frederics "In che
M-irket " The stern, almost cruel, con
sistency of that book, its rigid maintenance
of its single point of view, the thorough
and explicit manner In which it exhibits
the motive force of its one central figure,
give It more; Impressiveness than Is pos
sessed by this discursive tale. Yet "Mam
mon & Co." has a briskness and variety
of its own, and it possesses the remark
able quality of carrying with It the stir
and fullness of a life outside of Its rages.
l'nlike "In the Market," it Is not abstract
and separate from the world at large.
The book le disfigured by misprints. (D.
Appleton & Co., New York. $1 60.)
A whimsical, tender, touching, charm
ig, *ay, cad book full of fresh Me la
Dlonyslui. th« Weaver's Heart's Dear
By professor R- B.'UatrV©P oF Stafford Un'V^tLj.-
est,"— altogether likable except for the
disagreeably erratic title with which the
author. Miss Blanche Willis Howard, has
seen fit to burden It. Vront Llndl— born
naughty— is the daughter of the peasant
weaver of Hexenfels, a hamlet perched
high "in the bleak hill country between
: ■:• Danube and the Neckar. known as the
Hough Alp. Grim rocks grouped In evil
counsel dominated the barren land;
peasants' flat roofs would have whirled
away were they not freighted with heavy
stones; and nothing— man, mouse or
moss— could well exist unless hardy
enough to defy the long sweep of icy
winds that battled here with fury all un
spent, though they had rushed from the
far frozen north across a continent."
Here, amid the rocks, Vroni scrambled—
"bold, lithe, lawless, vivid in color, care
less of wind and weather." Here she
learned from her stirring mother to labor,
from her gtntle father to love and think;
lure she grew up in beauty, and hence
she went Forth to earn her living—begin
nlng as a scullion In the kitchen of a great
house. The life of Vroni in the great
world, her rise to the place of chef
through her pltiCK. her breezy willful
ness and -straightforward intelligence, her
fall, her courageous defiance to conven
tional cowardice, her slow, steady re
covery of her own self respect and dignity,
and her final happiness and success be
fore men. make a story at once most
quaint, nist touching, and most true.
Vroni is the good genius of others— spurs
her sluorgish towhead lover, Tiber, to
manly Independence and activity, and sup
Characteristic Illustrations From Aunt Minervy Ann.
ports the Countess Nelka In the sacrifice,
worse than death, to which he- parents
brought !• r. Never before ha:- a French
took been made po attractive and heroic—
really so, and not by any accident or
perversion oi his work.
The author's strength of reeling about
the place and training of wonu n h< quaint
ly shown. The booK, if it were nol so
healthily a story, would be a story with
a purpose. Sermons on the duty of pro
tecting girls from the consequences oi too
much Ignorance, on the benefit of teach
ing them an occupation, or. the inefficiency
of women workers— 4n short, on half a
hundred topics about the plate of the
modern woman bristle in the shade; hut
they never <«ime out and bark or bite.
(Charles Scribner's Sons, New York.
$1 50.)
The Forestry Division of the United
States Department of Agriculture has
published the first part of a Primer of
Forestry, by Gilford Pinchot, in whirh ;.n
exposition is made of the most essential
facts of forest life. A second part will
contain ;tn elementary dlßcusslon of prac
tical forestry. Mr. Pinchot baa shown
great skill in presenting scientific concep
tions in a popular and Interesting but
exact manner; and the large number of
well-chosen illustration? which accom
pany the text of the book make his m>an
ing clear evtu to those who have no
previous knowlege of the subject.
The primer describes the way In which
a tree takes food, breathes, grows, forms
wood, strives for a foothold, striiggl'-s
with its fellows, helps its neighbors md
is helped by them, grows old and becomes
ripe for the ax, and tells what enemies
It has to fear. The most interesting part
of the primer is the chapter on the life
of a forest, j
"A forest tree is in many ways as much
dependent upon its neighbors for safety
and food as are the inhabitants of a town
upon one another. The difference is that
in a town each citizen has a special call
ing or occupation in which he works for
the service of the commonwealth, while
in the forest every tree contributes to the
general welfare in nearly all the ways in
which it is benefited by the community.
A forest tree helps to protect its neighbors
against the wind, which might overthrow
them, and the sun, which is ready to dry
up the soil about their roots, or to make
fun cracks in their bark by shining too
hotly upon it. It enriches the earth in
which they stand by the fall of its leaves
and twigs, and aids In keeping the air
about their crowns, and the soil about
their roots, cooler in summer and warmer
in winter, than it would be if each tree
stood alone. With the others it forms a
common canopy under which the seed
lings of all the members of this protec
tive union are sheltered in early youth,
and through which the beneficent Influ
ence of the forest is preserved and ex
tended far beyond the spread of the trees
themselves. But while this fruitful co
operation exists, there is also present,
just as In a village or city, a vigorous
strife for the good things of life. For a
tree the best of these, and often Uae hard-
THE SUNDAY CALL.
est to get, are water for the roots and
epace and light for the crown. In all but
very dry places there Is water enough for
all the trees, and often more than ©nough.
as, for example, In the Adirondack forest.
Tho struggle for space and light Is thus
more Important than tha struggle for
water.
"The story of the life of a forest crop
Is then largely an account of the competi
tion of trees for light and room, and al
though the very strength which enables
them to carry on the fight is the result
of their association, still the deadly strug
gle, in which the victims are many times
more numerous than those which survive,
is apt alone to absorb the attention. Yet
the mutual help of the trees to each otner
is always going quietly on. Every tree con
tinually comforts and assists the other
trees, which are its friendly enemies "
It Is by this mutual relationship that
clear lumber is produced. As the growth
of the trees advances their tops meet
The lower branches, deprived of light and
air, grow sickly and die. The new wood
as It forms squeezes the bases of these
branches and they break off. The hole
Is soon covered, and the trunk of the tree
forms wood unbroken by any knot. It is
a bare pole, which in time will form logs
of solid lumber.
At last the tree grows old, it Increases
but little in size, it shades the trees be
low It, and it cumbers the ground. How
shall It be removed? Shall it fall and rot
In uselessness? Shall it be cut without
thought of the future, so as to destroy
and devastate the forest? Shall It be
By Joel Chandler Harris.
taken so that its place shall in time be
filled again by another noble trte, to be
cut in Its turn? Finding the right answer
to these questions is forestry
The Forestry Division of the Bureau of
Agriculture is engaged In finding the right
answer from a practical point of view.
There is no eubjecl more misunderstood
and misrepresented than the act'vities of
this division. It is not esthetic or senti
mental or possessed by a mania for keep
ing forests untouched. It is as hard
headed about a forest as a hullpuneher on
a ten-yoke team. The practical side of
its work la shown by the fact that large
owners of timber lands in the Adlron
dacka are operating their property under
a system recommended by tho Govern
ment export, and that owners of redwood
lands on ihis coast are co-operating with
the Government in support of a scientific
investigation of tho besl method Tor ad
ministering those lands. Cramped for
means, as the division is, It has done
much :isi fu! work, arid it shows wisdom
in issuing such little manuals as the one
under consideration, with a view to public
education.
The peculiar importance of forestry in
this State Is the justification for nving
this little book so much attention In these
columns. The ruin of our forests, even
the clearing of our brushlands in some
places-, would be a sheer act of financial
suicide, in somi parts of the State the
preservation of woodlands to act as
storage md distributing reservoirs is a
mutter of life and death, a? Mr. Kinney
says. Farmers and I'ruit -growers know
what water is. The miners of Idaho have
learned by cruel experience how im
portant the forest is to them; the minors
of California ran profit by Lheir lesson.
The torrents which flow over a deforested
country can\\ great Quantities of mud,
which silt up rivers and shoal mrbors.
For the lumberman himself, if lie owns
land, the preservation of the forest is of
importance. In short, all and every in
habitant of this State has a direct interest
in forest preservation. To some it menus
all. to some a little, to most it moans
much. The public-spirited energrv of the
Department of Agriculture should be sup
ported by the whole commonwealth of
California.
The primer is distributed free of
charge and may probaMy be most easily
obtained through the local Congressman.
Maomtllan & Company have published
new editions of F. Marion Crawford's
"The Ralstons," and of Horace Annesley
Vaehell's "A Drama in Sunshine." The
fundamental soundness of public taste is
shown by the uniformly high excellence
of books that obtain the honors of a re
print. To-day's admiration may be a
craze; to-day's neglect blindness; but
yesterday's admiration that lasts to-day
is pretty sure to be well founded. Katha
rine Lauderd».le will look out from the
pages of "The Ralstons" alive, charming
young and beautiful for many a long day
yet. And it will be long before "A Drama
in Sunshine" ceases to pulsate with life.
The book is, of course, the more interest
ing Just now because it deals with a
period In California, at the very end of
which we are standing. (The Macmillan
Co., Xew York. "The Ralstone," $1 00;
"A Drama in Sunshine." $1 50.)
"Cattle Ranch to College," by Russell
Doubleday, Is the story of the life of a
boy in the "Far West"— that is, in Da
kota, Wyoming and Montana—twenty
five years ago. It is practically a true
story. The Impression of monotonous
and "dreary hardship, and still more mo
notonous and dreary ideas and amuse
ments, produced by the account of one
bitter struggle and barren sport after an
other, is .pathetically confirmed by one
or two little touches of the boy's life.
What a picture of family life in the
father's jeering at his son for being beat
en in a fight with a grown man. What
an Iliad of deprivation In the words: "Of
baseball, marbles, tops and all the games
of skill and strength dear to the town
dweller our boys knew nothing; their
amusements were akin to their work — to
ride well and to shoot straight was a
matter of business as well as pleasure
for them."
The book Is painfully Illustrated with
photographs. Their hard perversions of
sunlight and color make them wearisome
to the eye, so that -ihe little marginal
sketches," mere hints of grass-tufts or the
outlines of a lamp, afford an extraordi
nary relief by their touches at art and
grace. The bock Itself suffers from a
similar monotonous hardness of effect.
It Is impressive, however, as a record of
th** stubborn resistance to every kind of
obstacle which gives the» American, like
like the Scotchman and the Englishman,
bo much power and force. (.Doubleday &
McClure Co., New York, $1 50.)
"The Mickey Finn Idylls," by Ernest
Jarrold. is one of the best of the long
list of books dealing with the home life
of the Irish laborer. It is composed of
a series of disconnected stories, each giv
ing an account of some interesting epi
sode in the life of Mickey Finn. Although
the main part of the book is full of pure
Irish fun and humor, it contains also a
charming element of pathos and love for
nature seldom found in this class of
books. One of the prettiest of those is in
the chapter where Mickey is described as
finding his mother in tears because she
could secure no shamrock for her birth
day "to mind her of the vale o' Glen
more." Mickey resolves to go to the
woods in the deep snow to a rock where
he knows some "Yankee shamrock"
grows, "to put it aroun' the sugar bowl
agin' the mornin'." His return home with
the arbutus through the snow and storm,
against which he plodded until he le»l into
the road exhausted and freezing, offers
one of the prettiest touches in the book.
Of pure fun perhaps the best chapter is
on Mik< Welsh's ram. This ram, recent
ly brought to Coney Island, proved to be
a dangerous one. It happened that Pat
soy Fogarty was passing through the
field, when the ram furiously charged
upon him. As a measure of safety, Pat-
Bey seized him by the horns and was
stiM holding him when Mike Welsh, the
owner, came by. "Lave go o' that ram!"
shouted Mike, running up. "Is It tryin'
to stale him ye are?" "Devil a stale
him," replied Patsey; "I was just seem'
had he any strength In his neck. Come
down and hoult him a minute, Mike.
Faix, he's stronger nor a bull." "Is that
so?" replied Mike, jumping over the wall;
"give me a hoult of him. till I see is he
that sthrong." Patsey then went cheer
fully to the fence and laughed at Mike,
whose face was dripping with perspira
tion, while the whole village soon assem
bled on the fence, offering comforting re
marks, and Mike still held on. struggling
violently. He was not released until
Mickey Finn came along, seized the ram's
tail and aided Mike to throw him over
the fence.
Mickey's accounts of the wonderful
things he learns in his history and geog
raphy are very amusing, as is also the
story of the taking of the census. The
whole book is indeed cleverly written and
very entertaining. (Doubleday & McClure
Co. $1 25.)
To read "California Fruits," by Profes
sor Wlckson, Is to smell the perfume of
the apple blossoms and the orange flowers
in the orchards, the scent of wild sagp
and manzanita blooms from the hills, and
almost imagine that you have a largo
sized check from the Fruit Growers'
Union in your inside pocket. It is a book
for the fruit grower to read, study and in
parts commit to memory.
It Is thoroughly Californlan In every
line, and not a rehash of some pamphlet
on "Truck Gardening" that was written
by a man who lived In the New Jersey
swamps and had to drain things in sum
mer and blanket them In winter to make
them grow.
Why failures have been made by some
in attempting fruit culture Is plainly
shown In Professor Wickson's writing. It
is a very simple matter to raise fruit
when you have such a plain guide, and It
13 difficult to do so when you do not know
how and have to do three times as much
work as is necessary, and then perhaps
see a two-year-old orchard die -without
possibility of relief, by reason of some
fatal mistake that could not be rectified
after planting.
There is nothing left to be imagined or
guessed at, the book Is complete, nnd be
sides that, while It is technically correct
and goes into many Interesting minutae
and details of description, there is nothing
involved or complicated In the style of
writing.
It begins at the beginning, takes ih»
mountain slope covered with manzanlta
and chaparral and leads step by step
through each part of every process of
clearing, planting and tending the orchard
or vineyard until the grower receives his
bill of lading from the railroad, for his
shipment of green or dried fruit.
A list of some of the subheadings of the
book makes pleasant reading to one who
has been through the experiences and
finds his own conclusions verified or im
proved upon, but it is even more pleasant
to those who have the delights of antici
pation, for with this book you may sit
down winter evenings at home and plan
out every twig on every tree with the
kind of "tree and its location and what
sort of soil it shall be in and what fertil
izer and how much water It shall have.
In fact, it gets farming, or rather the
frult-ralslng part of It, Into something
more like an exact science than the lot
tery which it has heretofore been.
Under the head of general information
Is given the climate of California and its
local modifications, ranging from the tor
rid region about Indio, where the sun ever
shines on burning sands and the date
palm and pineapple grow with the banana
in the oases, to the edge of the glaciers
on Whitney, where nothing but the hard
iest apples and kindred northern fruits
can ripen. These, of course, are only the
freaks of climate. The great bulk of the
State is temperate and produces the fruits
of both extremes. Why the California
climate is so specially favorable to ihe
growth of fruit is shown to be largely by
reason of the lack of humidity in the air
allowing the full benefit of the sun's rays
to act upon the leaves and fruit.
Fruit soils of California make an impor
tant chapter for the man who has ttill
his selection of land to make and in a
lesser degree to the man who has not yet
planted his fruits and can get those which
best suit the soil already owned.
The chapter on wild fruits of California
shows the natural tendency of the Slate
to fruit production and takes a Califor
nlan back to the time of boyhood, when
he climbed over the green carpeted ridges
of the Sierras picking wild plums and
cherries to make marmalade— and black
berries, raspberries and strawberries for
An interesting description of the Mission
fruits, those planted by the Spanish mis
sionaries, concludes the historical part of
the work, and then commences the solid
work with grubhoe, plow and spade. The
cultural division of the volume is very
complete and in full of new wrinkles for
old hands as well as for the beginner.
Its sub-headings are as follows:
Clearing land for fruit.
The nursery— budding and grafting.
Preparation for planting— planting the
trees.
Pruning orchard trees and thinning 1
fruit.
Cultivation— fertilizers for fruit tree*
and vines.
irrigation.
Part third is devoted to a description
and habitat of each of the many Cali
fornia fruits with all their advantages
and peculiarities.
Grape propagation— planting and care —
occupies a division by itself.
Semi-tropical fruits— the date, fig, olive,
orange, lemon and lime— are treated at
length, and in shorter space the banana,
guava, juiube loquat. persimmon, pine
apple, pomegranate, prickly and alligator
pears all make interesting reading and
arouse an intense desire in the reader to
get land aid tools and set to work.
Economy is given prominent place all
through, for in a business aa large as
fruit-raising, with its many ramifications,
becomes, rmall economies are a source of
large profits Five acres under cultiva
tion as illustrated by Mr. Wlckson would
in most cases pay more net profits than
lf.o acres planted to hay or grain in the
old way.
The book is a treat for every one In
terested in nature, whether from the
standpoint of practical money-making,
scientific investigation or mere romantic
interest, and will be a standard library
book. (Pacific Rural Press, San Fran
cisco. $2 50.)
Mr. Sebastian Evans has translated Into
English the earliest record of the activity
of St. Francis of Assisi from the rather
recently discovered Latin manuscript of
the Mirror of Perfection, by the saint's
beloved companion, Brother Leo. No
where else is there so clear a picture of
St. Francis' simplicity, of his whole-heart
edness. of his freedom from the fear of
man that maketh a snare. The simple
energy of this record is such that it
strikes a reader as very inappropriate for
Mr] Evans to translate it into an artificial
old English, speaking of the "sick and
heal," instead of the sick and well; call
ing: a physician a leech and In general
artitkializing Brother Leo's quaint but
crabbed and honest Latin into a pseudo
quaint pretended old dialect which affords
no pleasure to any but a sentimentalized
lover of affectation. The effort, though
made on a false basis, is carried out with
very great skill and some scholarship. (L
C. Page & Co., Boston.)
There is no social force more subtle and
therefore more powerful than art. Not
merely in subject but in manner it exerts
an influence more profound than would be
supposed by those who have not thought
about It. Paradoxical as it may seem
to say that the quality of a line, the plac
ing of patches of light and shadow, the
cadences of a line of poetry or the turn
of a phrase may tend to elevate or debase
a whole character, it. Is certainly true.
Art neglected or taken lightly will have
Its revenge. The sense of this intimat*
connection between art and life has Im
pelled the French critic, M. Brunetiere, In
nls lectures on "Art and Morality" to an
earnest warring against the view of art
often taken in our day, that it is a thing
apart from conduct, living- in a world of
its own and directed by laws indifferent
to ordinary laws 01 morality. Wildly as
we may differ from Individual judgment*,
or even from general conclusions of the
French critic, the soundness of his atti
tude In this lecture must be iidmitted by
every one who beiieves there is such a
thing as right and wrong in human con
duct. Human life is a whole, and th«
claims of righteousness leave no depart
ment of life outside of their bounds— least
of all the most refined and the most dis
tinctively human of all departments of
life. Professor Beatty of the University
of Wisconsin has translated the lecture
with ingenuity, delicacy and force. (T. Y.
Croweli & Co., New York; 35 oents.)
BooKs Received.
"The Woodranger," by G. W. Brown©.
L. C. Page & Co., Boston. Price #1.
"Wee Lucy's Secret." by Sophie May.
Lee & Shepard, Boston. Price 75 cents.
"Henry in the War," by O. O. Howard.
Lee & Shepard, Boston. Price $1 25.
"Beck's Fortune," by Adele E. Thomp
son. Lee & Shepard. Boston. Price Jl 50.
"We Four Gins," by Alary G. Darling.
Lee & Shepard, Boston. Price $1 25.
"Chatterbox for 1899." I);uia, Kstes &
Co., Boston.
"Around the World," by Stella W. Car
roll and Harriet L. Jerome. The Moraa
Company, .New Sfork.
"The Making of Zin.ri Banker," by
William J. Long. L. C. Page & Co., Bos
ton.
"Grant Burton, the Runaway," by W.
Gordon Parker. Lee Ac Shepard, Boston.
"I'nder Otis in the Philippines," by Ed
ward Stratcrn<-yer. Lee A: thepard, Bos
ton. Price ci '&.
"In Guiana WP.ds," by James Rodway.
L. C. Page <k Co., Boston.
"Knight of the King's Guard." by Ewan
Martin. L, C. Page <& Co., Boston. Price
$1 50.
"A Gentleman Juror," by Charles L.
Marsh. Rand, McNally & Co., New
York.
"Lally of the Brigade," by L. McManus.
L. C. Page & Co., Boston. Price $1 25.
"Little Bermuda," by Vi;<;ia Louisa
Pool. L. C. Page & Co., Boston. Price
Jl.
"A Gentleman Player," by Robert N.
Stephens. L. C. Page & Co., Boston.
Price $1 50.
"Averages," by Eleanor Stuart. D. Ap
pleton & Co., New Sfork. Price SI SO.
"Manders," by Evelyn Barrett. L. C.
Page & Co., Boston. Price il 50.
"Cheerfulness as a Life Power," by O.
S. Marden. T. V. Crowell & Co., New
York. Price 35 cents.
"Character the Grandest Thing in tha
World," by O. S. Marden. T. Y. Crowell
& Co., New York. Price 35 cents.
"The Land of the Long Night," by Paul
dv Chaillu. C. Scribn'-r's Sons, New York.
Price $2.
"The House With Sixty Closets, by
Frank S. Child. L:e & Shepard, Boston.
Price $1 25.
"Drives and Puts," by Walter Camp
and Lilian Brooks. L. C. Page & Co.,
Boston. Price ?1 50.
"Under the Cactus P^lag," by Nora A.
Bmitfc. Houghton, Mifflin & Co., Boston.
"A History of the People of the Nether
lands," by Petrus J. Blok. Part 11, trans
lated by Ruth Putnam. Price $2 50.
"Political Conventions in California,
by Winfield J. Davis. The California
State Library, Sacramento.
"The Ship of Stars." by A. T. QuiP.er-
Couch. C. Scribner's Sons, New "1 ork.
Price $1 50. „ .
"Told Under the Cherry Trees, by
Grace Le Baron. Lee & Shepard, Bos
ton. Price $1.
"An Undivided Union." by Oliver Optlo
and L. C. Stratemeyer. Lee & Shepard,
Boston. Price $1 50. ,,„». »,
"The Artistic Ordering of Life, by Al
bert S. Cook. T. Y. Crowell & Co., New
York. Price 35 cents.
"Dorsey, the Young Inventor, by E.
B Ellis. Fords. Howard & Hulbert, New
York. Price $1 25.
"To Alaska for Gold, by Edward
Stratemeyer. Lee & Shepard, Boston.
Price $1
"Little King Davie." by Nellie Hellis.
L C Page & Co., Boston. Price 50 cents.
'"Little Peterkln Vandlke," by C. 9.
Pratt. L. C. Page & Co., Boston. Prlca
"The Treasure of Mushroom Rock," by
8. F. Hamp. G. P. Putnam's Sons, Naw
York. „ . „
"William Cowper, by Marlon Har
land. G. P. Putnam's Sons, New York.
"Fisherman's Luck," by Henry van
Dyke C. Scribner's Sons, New York.
Price $2 00. „ _ _
"The Queen's Service, by Horac«
Wyndham. L. C. Page & Co.. Boston.
"For I^ove's Sweet Sake," edited by a.
H Wesley. Lee & Shepard, Boston.
"The Hero of Manila," by Rosslter
Johnson. D. Appleton & Co., New York.
Price $1
"Pretty Michael," by Maurus JokaL
Translated by R. Nisbet Bain. L. C. Page
& Co., Boston. Price $1 50.
"The Helpers," by Francis Lynde.
Houghton, Mifflin & Co., Boston.
"Saints in Art," by Clara Erskine
Clement. L. C. Page & Co., Boston.
"Bacteria," by George Newman, G. P.
Putnam's Sons, New York.
"A Hundred Fables of Aesop, with
pictures by Percy J. Billlnghurst. John
Lane, New York. Price $1 80.
"The Mirror of Perfection rtf tta Messed
Francis," by Brother Leo. Translated by
Sebastian Evans. L. C. Page & Co., Bos
ton.
"Strawberry Hill," by Mrs. C. F. Fraser.
T. Y. Crowell & Co., New York. Price
50 cents.
"Art and Morality," by F. Brunetiere.
Translated by Arthur Beatty. T. Y. Cro
well & Co., New York. Price 35 cents.
"A Little Daughter of Liberty," by
Edith Robinson. L. C. Page & Co., Bos
ton. Price 50 cents.
"Tramping Witn Tramps," by Josiah
Flynt. The Century Company, New York;
$1 50.
"The Political Economy of Natural
Law," by Henry Wood. Lee & Shepard,
Boston; |l 25.
"A Study of Elizabeth Barrett Brown
ing," by Lilian Whiting. Little, Brown &
Co., Boston; $1 25.
"The Story of Betty." by Carolyn "Wells.
The Century Company. New York; Jl 50.
"Peggy," by Laura E. Richards. Dana,
Estes & Co., "Boston; $1 25.
"Quicksilver Sue," by Laura E. Rich
ards. The Century Company, Nw York;
$1 50.
"The Tracy Diamonds," by Mrs. Mary
J. Holmes. G. W. Dlllingham Company,
New York. Jl 50.
"The Broken Locket," by "Will A. Gar
land. G. W. Dillingham Company, New
York; 50 cents.
"A Transplanted Lily," by Sydney J.
Wilson. G. W. Dlllingham Company, New
York: 50 cents.
"Don Fernandez, the Spanish Spy," by
Barclay M. Ross. G. W. Dlllingham Com
pany, New York; 50 cents.
"The Black Wolf's Breed," by Harris
Dlckson. The Bowen-Merrill Company,
Indianapolis.
"Scientific Sewing and Garment Cut
ting " by Antoinette V. M. Wakeman and
Louise M. Heller. Silver, Burdett & Co.,
New York; 50 cents.
"The At-one-ment Between God and
Man." by Charles T. Russell. Watch
Tower Bible and Tract Society, Allegheny,
Pa.; 60 cents.
"The Dozen From Lakerim," by Rupert
Hughes. The Century Company, New
York; SI 50.
"Differences," by Hervey W r hite. Small,
Maynard & Co.. Boston; $1 50.
"ideal Suggestion Thvough Mental Pho
tography." by Henry Wood. Lee A Shep
ard. Boston; $1 25.
"Omega et Alpha," by Grevllle d'Arville.
EUier & Shepard. San Farncisco.
"Songs and Sonnets." by Juliette Estelle
Mat his. C. A. Murdock & Co., San Fran
cisco.
"Lady Barbarity," by J. C. Smith. D.
Appleton & Co.. New York; $1 00.
"The Bronze Buddha," by Cora Linn
Daniels. Little, Brown & Co., Boston; $150.
"Dionysus and Immortality." by Benja
min lde Wheeler. Houghton, Mifflin &
Co.. Boston: $1 00.
"British Merchant Seamen in San Fran
cisco," by J. Fell. Edward Arnold. Lon
don; 3s 6d.
"Maximilian in >*exico," by Sara Y. Ste
venson. The Century Company, New
York
"One. of Those Coincidences; and Other
Stories " by Julian Mawthorne and others.
Funk & Wagnalls Company, New York;
$1 00.
"Santa Claus' Partner," by Thomas Nel
pon Page. C. Scribner's Sons, New York;
$1 50.
"Christian Science and Other Supersti
tions " by J. M. Buckley. The Century
Company, New York.
"Where Angels Fear to Tread," by Mor
gan Robertson. The Century Company,
New York.
"Camping on the St. Lawrence," by Ev
erett T. Tomlinson. Lee & Shepard, Bos
ton; $1 50.
"Philosophic Nuggets ;'' compiled by
Jeanne G. Pennington. Fords, Howard &
Hurlbert, New York; 40 cenU.
2526
WHAT THE
VOCALISTS
THEMSELVES
HAVE TO
SAY ABOUT
CHOIR WORK.
«=p=3HERE Is a training school for
' opera sinners in our rr.iost. It is
j[ the church choir.
Tell this to the choir directors or
the ministers and they will probably not
be nice about it. The choir director will
Eay that the height of art is reached In
sacred music, nr.d the minister, if he does
not call you wicked, will at least say
"flippant." Nevertheless, if you run over
the rames of our grand and comic opera
singers you will find more than you can
count on a good many times your ten
fingers whoso first public appearance was
In the church quartet. Names like Helen
Bertram and Jessie Bartlett Davis are
among them] Furthermore, go among the
choir singers of this city, and after a
confidential talk with each one, ask her
casually if she ever thinks of going on
the str^ge. She will flutter a little and
murmur something about "Of course, one
always hopes," or she "Can't deny she
has had an idea of it."
Ask them and see. And if It occurs to
you to find fault, Inquire Into the salaries
that the church.-s of San Francisco pay
their singers, and then consider. One
must live.
In New York SICOO per year is a fair sal
ary; ■$2*,00 is the highest known to be paid
and 11 ■■ minimum In any church is $25 per
month. C'mpnre that minimum with the
maximum of San FrnneiFeo— s3o. Not a
pretty comparison. !s it?
There are some artists In our local
church choirs, but wo cannot expect to
have many nor keep them long on such
salaries.
"The singers leave and go East at their
first opportunity." says Miss Xena Rob
ert?. "They can't make a living here
unies? they do something else to help out.
I teach kindergarten from 9 until 2 five
days of the week"; then I go to to choir
rehearsals on Saturday and sing at two
Sunday ' Ices."
Miss Roberts is the contralto at Ply
mouth Congregational Church. She lives
far out on Howard street in a fiat where
one Is faced by a musical instrument at
every turn. She has brothers who twang
and tinkle, and she likes the piano herself.
'.'Talking about salaries," she said, "I
■went to one of the largest churches In
Oakland some time ago to apply for a po
sition. The choir director looked me over
carefully, and finally announced, 'Now,
I'll tell you what I'm after. I want a hun
dred-dollar singer for twenty a month.' "
Miss Grace Davis Is one of the chol»
singers who doubles her Income by work
in? in a Jewish and a Christian church on
Saturday and Sunday. She rehearses at
Geary-street Temple on Friday, sings
thore at the forenoon service next day. re
hearses in the afternoon at the First Con
gregational and goes to morning- and
evening service there on Sunday. "I sing
a great deal In concerts," says Miss Da
vis. "You see. I don't have much time to
waste. The church singing la not espe
cially easy. Many who have excellent
voices lack the training required. In the
large city churches a singer must be ex
perienced enough to get along without
much choir rehearsing. Once a week is all
that Is customary. "We must read quickly
and accurately. The work is pleasant and
excellent practice." .
Miss Davis smiled her bright soprano
smile and appeared to have thoughts of
her own. Practice for what, don't you
wonder?
Trinity Church, on Bush street, has al
ways been known as a place where good
music attracted many lonely Sunday peo
ple who had no other inclinations church
ward. Mrs. Eva Tenny and Miss Millie
Flynn are sopranos there, and Mrs. J. E.
Birmingham the contralto
SAN FRANCISCO`S
BEST KNOWN
CHURCH
SINGERS
Miss Flynn ifl paid to bave the highest
range of al! our sopranos. She Is a busi
ness-like young person, who knows tho
value of her voice In terms of the cold,
cold world. She has been said to put a
very firm foot down In regard to salaries,
but it is only a I%A foot, and there are so
many voluntary singers.
Mrs. Tenny makes a home for herself
and little son, and it's a cozy home, too.
There an pictures In it -portraits of mas
ters who have guldod Mrs. Tenney's work
and to whom she Is grateful.
"Miss Flynn nnd 1 both sing at Satur
day service?, " she said. "She at the Tay
lor street Temple and I at Bush street;
It keeps us busy."
Yes, busy; and there's another phase
of the matter. A New York paper Is
eaylnpr that the synagogues are having
the best of the bargain In such case 3,
and tho same thing holds true hero. "Th«
Sunday churches are getting only the fag
end of the singer's voice," says a writer.
"What with Friday rehearsals for tho
synagogue, Saturday's elaborate and dif
ficult service there and Saturday night's
rehearsal for Sunday's service, the singer
arrives at the Christian service Sunday
morning pretty well worn out."
Mrs. Birmingham has come back to u«
with method refreshed by European life.
Her dramatic personality and voice qual
ity suggest "La Traviata" or "Santuzza"
far more than Episcopal anthems.
One of Henschel's pupils Is Miss
Ella McClosky of Holy Cross Church and
Taylor street Temple. "There was such
a little time to study with him." she said
regretfully. "But I tried to make the
most of every minute. He was kind and
encouraging, too, although he has a
frankness that Is German In its complete
ness. I know that I owe a great deal to
even the little time that I could study
with him, for the man's personality Is an
Inspiration."
The soprano of St. Mary's Cathedral
is Mies Katherine Black, who Is known
on weekdays to educational circles. She
divides the rounds of our Beventy-two
public schools with one other special
teacher of music, and on Sunday she la
bors with the elaborate music required In
the cathedral.
"The first tlma that I remembered
Binglng v.-as when I was 12 years old,"
Miss Black Bald. "I Fang a solo in church
and I had on a beautiful red dress. I
wasn't a bit afraid of anything except
that some one might think I was afraid,
and I paid much more attention to keep-
Ing my kneea still than 1 did to the solo.
But my knees would waggle, no matter
how hard I tried to stop iHem."
Miss Black's mother interrupted, "No,
that wasn't your first singing, my dear,
though it may be the first you remem
ber. When you were three years old w>
used to put you on a table to sing fo»
company, and you remember old Mr.
Smith of the Mint? He would give y<<\i
money to sing, and after you were once
started you enjoyed your voice so that
he had to give you more money to get
you to stop."
Miss Black recalls a lone Interview with
THE SUNDAY CAIjI^
Melha when the great Marguerite vlsltefl
San Francisco: "That was three years
ago, and I was so discouraged at the
time because I could not go to Europe.
But Melba said that it would je time
enough when I was almost thirty. If I
would keep on in concert and church
work In the meantime I would be mature
enough and able to make the most of my
study then. She tried my voice, playing
the accompaniment herself."
Mrs. Susie Hert-Mark is the soprano of
Calvary Church. She inherits a love for
music and says she cannot remember
when she did not sing. "I used to put
the atlas on the piano stool and the "In
ferno' on top of that and sit working
out my own musical ideas by the hour.
It must have been that as a child I as-
Eociated the high tones with heaven, for
I have always had an idea that the
angols sing in soprano voices. It is «uch
nonsense, but you know how an impres
sion clings."
Miss Daisy Conn, soprano of Emanu-
El, lives at home. "The salaries paid
are a help to a girl who has a home,"
Bhe says, "but they are not enough in
themselves to live on. Concert singing'
and teaching help out."
A new contralto In church musical
circles is Miss Isabella Van Pelt of Cal
vary Church. Her voice 1b young and
has a good deal to learn, but It Is worth
teaching.
A home out on Pacific avenue Is as full
of music as the day Is long. It belongs
to Mr. and Mrs. Don Pardee Riggs. Mrs.
Riggs sings In the First Presbyterian
Church, where her experienced soprano
contrasts the youthful, velvety contralto
of Miss Cecelia Decker.
"The work Is hard in Dr. Mackenzie's
church," says Miss Decker, "but I lova
it. I always wnnted to sing In a great
church's chnir, and now I am doing it.
I remember being around our little
church at home when 1 was a mite of a
girl, and hearing the choir rehearse one
day. I .<tole in close to the organ and
listened, and I thought it must be the
happiest thing on earth to sing there.
"I make $S0 a month, and that is a good
salary as they go here. Weddings and
funerals are extrn-^ss apiece. We hava
been very fortunate lately— l mean un
fortunate? — that is, a great many people
have died and have had funerals."
Miss Decker blushed. It's a dellcat*
matter, isn't it?THE SUNDAY CALL.
THEATRICAL
PEOPLE
OF
THE
WEEK
2728
Substitutes for Meat.
*^"f LL animal food has advanoed tm
f I price. Beef alone, for which there
I I :? the heaviest demand, has ad
\^ I vanced 25 per cent. In many houae-
J^ h :ds where appetites are keen
and the amount to supply them with
limit • ::s a reduction In quan
tity or the substitution of other food
which as far c la will take the
of meat. Both the animal and tho
vegetable kingdom supply these. In
wheat, peas and beans of all kinds there
Is a great quantity of nitrogenous ma
terial. Milk, eggs and cheese, particular
ly the two former, are perfect food.
Cheese some people can live on while to
others it Is harmful. Swiss peasants, and
they are a hardy class of people, live
mainly on cluc-se and broad. Those who
are active workers can eat and digeat a
large if cheese, but people who
lead sedentary lives should never eat of
It too heavily or too often. Our markets
having the whole year round such a va
riety of vegetables and otlvr food house
keepers should h;ive no trouble in nnd
ing substitutes for meat. The following
recipes contain almost as much nitrogen
ous matter as meat and some a great
deal more :
EGGS AXD TOMATO-Into a saucepan
put one pint of tomatoes, add-one quarter
of a teaspoonful of pepper, one-half a
teaspoonful of salt and one of butter.
ity minutes. Beat three eggs
well. Take the tomatoes from the flr»,
add the eggs and stir until the mixture
thick* : 1 tvast.
MACARONI AND CHEESE— BoII the
mat •■ ■ ■ i turn Into
and wash well i bak
ing di . . put i: ■ macaroni then
a lay< of grated Parmesan cheese and
until the dish is filled. Add a gen
amouni of butter, one cupful of
milk. per and salt. Sprinkle with
bread cruml.-a and bake twenty minutes
i:i a hot oven.
MACARONI AND TOMATO— Prepare
the macaroni as above and drain well.
Put in a separate saucepan one pint of
tomatoes and boil twenty minutes, run
through a sieve and pour over the maca
roni. Season with salt, pepper and
plenty of butter. Set un stove to keei,
hot, but do not allow It to Bimmer.
TO COOK KIDNEY BEANS— Soak the
- one hour before using them; boii
until tender. Put in a frying pan a good
si;'.' a piece of butter, and when meltc-u
add the beans. Season with salt, pepper
and the Juice of one lemon. Stir until hot
and serve at once.
BTEWBD BEANS— Cook one pint of
white beans until tender. Make a sauce
of on* onion chopped fine, stewed In but
ter until tender; add one tablespoonful of
flour and one pint of milk, stir until thick
en« i. Season with and neper, let
It simmer a few minutes, run through a
sieve and pour over the beans
POTATOES COOKED WITH CHEESB
— Hake the potatoes until tender. Cut off
°ne f op out tho inside. Season
with butter, rait and pepper and half a
cupful of cream. Beat well and add some
gratrd Parmtsan cher-we. Fill the skins
return trj the oven until hot.
EOGS COOKED WITH CHEESE-
Toast slices of broad, butter well and dip
in egg and milk, sprinkle with grated
• Pul the slices In a pan and on
each break an egg. Dust with
Bi t, pi pper and chee^- and hake until the
eggs arc done. Serve immediately
Breakfast Pishes.
What one should eat for breakfast Is a
subject which has been discussed time
and time again. To my way of thinking
every one knows, or at least should know,
what is the best food for him in the
morning. One writer says: "It is a fear
ful mistake to eat a heavy meal after ris
ing. The system is tired and not in work
ing order; lungs, stomach and liver have
left over tasks to perform, and until they
are performed good work should not bo
expected from the brain or that finer na
ture which, for want of a better name,
we call the soul. Give nature a chance;
make haste slowly; tax the machinery of
digestion llghtJy and by noon the physical
household will be better able to fight the
battles of life." Perhaps she is right, but
few people can work six hours on one
small cut) of coffeo and a dry biscuit It
Is true that the French have but a cupful
of coffee after rising:, and also true that
Instead of our two or three meals a day
they have six.
Don't try to rernlate yonr diet to con
form with the Ideas of writers on that
subject, for If you do Just expect to be a
confirmed dyspeptic within three months.
Eat what you like. Nature will soon tell
you what Is not good and to be avoided.
If you are hungry in the morning eat, and
eat what Is wanted, coffee and toast or a
four course breakfast.
Oatmeal porridge Is called the national
breakfast of America, and for those who
can digest it it is one of the cheapest and
most satisfying foods. It contains a great
deal of protein and fat and therefore can
be eaten daily without Injuring the appe
tite.
To make It properly the rule is: To a
half pint of whole grained oatmeal add
one quart of cold water and a small tea
spoonful of salt; place it in a double boil
er and cook slowly for two hours and a
half. Stir every now and then and when
done it should be creamy. Oatmeal can
bt cooked one day and reheated for the
next morning's breakfast.
TOMATO TOAST— Pour the contents ot
one can of tomatoes- into a saucepan, add
one tablespoonful each of butter and
sugar, one teaspoonful of salt, one-half a
teaspoonful of pepper and cook ten
minutes. When hot thicken with corn
starch which has been moistened with a
little water. Butter the toast, trim and
put on a dish or on Individual dishes and
on each piece put two or three tablespoon
fuls of tomato and one poached egg Lay
pieces of bacon on the side of each plato
and serve.
CORN CAKES— Into a bowl sift one pint
of yellow meal, one pint of flour, three
tablespoonfula each of sugar and baking
powder, one heaping teaspoonful or
salt and one largo tablespoonful of but
ter. Mix as for pie crust, add the beaten
yolk* of two ergv and one pint of vattX,
Mix well and add lastly the beaten
whites. Butter the muffin pans, dust
with meal, fill with the mixture and bake
In a quick oven. Berve as Boon as done.
CUP EGO ON TOABT— Butter as many
small cups as needed, dust with bread
crumbs and Into eacn break an e»c and
sprinkle with salt and pepper; have on
the Btove a pan of hot water and set th«
cups into it, cook until the whites art
firm. Have ready some toaat all cut and
buttered, put on each piece an egs, gar
nish with parsley and serve.
SHREDDED FISH CREAMED— Soak
the codfish In cold water for a couple of
hours or put It on me stove and brine 10
a boll, tnen cover with cold water ana
pick Into small flakes. Put In a saucepan
and add one large tablespoonful of butter
and when melted add one of flour; mix
well, add one and one-half cups of milk
and stir until creamy. Set on back of the
stove and add the yolks of two egga, pep
per and salt if necessary. Make a platter
hot, cover with rlced potatoes, leaving fc
space in the center, pour in the codfish,
garnish with parsley and serve.
CREAMED POTATOES— PeeI the pota
toes and cut into cubes and cook until
tender in one quart of water and one
tabl^spoonful of salt. When done drain
off the water and set on stove to dry.
Melt one tablespoonful of butter and mfx
with one of flour. Stir Into the potatoes
and add one pint of rich milk, season
with salt, pepper and cook to a smooth
paste. Serve with broiled chops or wltt
veal.
CHICKEN WITH OLIVES— Cut enough
cold, cooked chicken to make a pint,
break the bones Into small pieces and put
on the stove with a little water; add an
onion, six small whole peppers, a little
parsley and cook for half an hour, then
strain. To one tablespoonful of. melted
Lllii l I NIJ AY ("A LL.
A PAGE OF VALUABLE HINTS TO
THE PRACTICAL HOUSE
KEEPER.
butter add one of flour, mix well, pat !n
a saucepan and brown: add one pint of
the abovo stock, vttr until a smooth paste;
season with salt, pepper. Add the chlok
•en meat and simmer. Take out the seeds
from a dozen or more olives, cover with
cold water and boll two minutes; drain,
rinse with cold water, cut into slices and
add to the ohicken. Have ready some
toasted bread, cut Into small squares, put
them on a hot dish, pour over the chicken.
famish and serve. Any cold meat can be
prepared in this manner.
MEAT BALLS— Put two pounds at meat
twice through a meat machine, then form
Into balls, flatten, butter and broil three
minutes on each side. Place on a dish
and cover with one tablespoonful of but
ter melted and mixed with one teaapoon
ful of ealt, a little pepper and cream. Gar
nish with French potatoes and serve,
CREAMED DRIED BEEF— Cut or chop
the meat fine, cover with water and bring
to a boll, drain, add two tablespoonfuls of
butter, when melted add two of flour; mix
well, add the cupful and a half of milk,
•tlr until creamy. Season with salt and
pepper and stir In two hard boiled eggs,
ohopped fine. Garnish with parsley and
■erve with baked potatoes.
EOG IN CASSEROLE— Butter small
•arthen saucepans and Into each break an
egg, sprinkle aver a ptnoh of salt, a little
iratea cheese and one tablespoonful of
rr»ted bread crumbs and some melted
potter. Put the pans in a pan, put in the
OT3P andbake a light brown.
HOMINT FRITTERS— To one pint of
bouM Somtey add one rill of cream, two
«W« • naif teaspoonfm of baking pow
der, two tablespoonfuls of oornstarch and
a pinch of salt; If the batter is too stiff
add a little more cream. Drop by large
epooafuls into hot fat and fry a light
brown,
BROmUD BARDJNES— Take the fish
«yt of one can without breaking, scrape
off the skin, split and put them between
a double wire broiler and broil both sides.
Serve with lemon.
TRIPH LYONNAISE— Cut a half pound
of cooked tripe into squares; into a fry-
Ing pan put two tablespoonfuls of but
ter and a chopped onion; fry a light
brown. Add to the tripe one teaspoonful
of vinegar, one of chopper! parsley, salt
and pepper to taste. Serve with a to
mato sauce.
STEAK WITH SAUCE BORDELAISE
— Broil a sirloin steak over a clear flre
and serve with the following sauce: Chop
one small onion or two shallots, fry them
in butter until brown; add a pint of soup
stock, one pint of white wine, salt, pep
per and some chopped parsley; simmefr
and if necessary thicken with a little
browned flour.
BAKED EGGS— Mince some boiled ham
and add an equal amount of cracker
crumbs; moisten and spread over a flat
d.'sh. with a spoon scoop out small holes
aid Into each one drop an egg;: season
with salt and pepper and small pieces of
butter. Put the dish In tha oven and
serve when the whites of the eggs are
cooked.
ONION OMHLBT—Chop small onlona
and fry In butter until a light brown;
make an ordinary omelet and before fold-
Ing arid the onion and turn on a hot dish.
CHEESE OMELET— To the beaten eggrs
add a tablespoonful of grated Parmesan
cheese; before folding add a little more
cheese, turn out on a hot dish and
sprinkle grated cheese over the top.
SALMON TOAST— If. and it very often
occurs, some salmon is left over from the
preceding meal heat and season it and
perv* on slices of buttered toast. If liked,
a poached egg can be added to each slice.
MILK TOAST— Put the slices of bread
In the oven and brown as well as dry;
Into a saucepan put a pint of milk and a
tablespoonful of flour and butter; add
some salt and simmer. Butter the toast,
place in a deep dish and pour over the
thickened milk. Serve.
Requested Receipts.
CRANBERRY TARTS— Put one quart
of berries in a saucepan and cover with
water; cook until tender. "When done run
through a coarse sieve and add two cup
fuls of . sugar, return to the stove and
cook until the sugar is dissolved and tne
sauce Is thick. Line the patty-pans with
a rich paste and bake. When done fill
with the sauce and serve when cold.
JELLIED HAM SALAD— Soak one-half
a boxful or gelatine In half a cup of
water; when soft add three-quarters of a
cupful of boiling meat stock and strain.
Season highly one cupful of chopped ham
and add; let stand until It begins to
thicken, then add one cupful of whipped
cream. Turn Into a wet mold, and when
firm turn out on crisp lettuce leaves and
serve.
BRAIN SOUFFLE— When the brains
have been carefully prepared, put them
In a saucepan with three tablespoonfuls
of vinegar and a little salt. Cook slowly
for ten minutes, drop in cold water; when
cold, dry and chop into small pieces. In
another saucepan mix one heaping table
spoonful of butter with one of flour, and
add one cupful of milk; season with salt,
pepper and a little onion juice. Stir In
the brains and when hot add the yolks of
two eggs. Take from stove and allow to
cool. Beat the whites of two eggs and
stir them In lightly, pour In a baking dish
and bake fifteen minutes In a quick oven.
OYSTER CANAPES— Put one teaspoon
ful of butter and one-half cupful of cream
on the fire: when the butter has melted
add one teaspoonful of bread crumbs and
twelve large oysters chopped fine; season
with salt and pepper and cook three min
utes. Fry some bread In butter, cut in
small pieces, put them In a dish and pour
over tne oysters. Serve hot.
CHICKEN MOUSSE— Chop cold chicken
fine and add one cupful of meat stock, the
beaten yolks of two eggs and half a box
of dissolved gelatine. Season to taste and
when cold add one cupful of whipped
cream. Turn into a mold and set in a
cold place.
PUREE OF CHESTNUTS— SheII and
blanch one and one-half pints of nuts and-
Doll In salt water until soft. Mash
through a sieve and return to the sauce
pan. Add a pint each of cream and milk,
season with salt and pepper, a little nut
meg. Serve.
ItfOLASSES PUDDING— Two-thirds of a
cupful of molasses, one cupful of brown
sugar, one cupful of finely chopped suet,
two cupfuls of flour, one and one-half
cupfuls of sweet milk, one teaspoonful of
soda dissolved In water and one cupful of
mixed currants, raisins and citron.
Dredge the fruit with flour before adding
and aild the soda last. Steam three hours
and serve with a hard sauce.
SAUCE PIQUANTE— Make "drawn but
ter" and while still hot add the following:
One tablespoonful each of vinegar and
lemon juice, two tablespoonfuls of chop
ped pickles, two of chopped capers and
one of chopped olives, one-half a tea
epoonful or grated onion and a dash of
oayenne.
CHEESE STRAWS— Beat two table
■poonfuls of butter to a cream and add
tne yolks of two eggs, beat until light
and thick. Then add one tablespoonful of
water and the beaten whites of the eggs.
Mix six tablespoonfuls of flour, one salt
spoonful of salt and half a saltspoonful
of cayenne pepper together and add, to the
era mixture, stir until it la a smooth stiff
batter, add six tablespoonfuls of grated
• Parmesan cheese and roll out on the
board about as thick as pie crust. Cut
Into strips three Inches long and half an
i Inch wide. Bake in a quick oven a light
brown.
I PINOCHE— Put in a chafing dish three
• cupfuls of brown sugar and one of cream:
; when it comes to n boil add some luitter
i the si?e of a walnut and cook until it will
i harden In water; then add as many
' blanched and chopped walnuts as desired.
Stir until the mixture begin? to thicken
i and be creamy, then add vanilla and pour
out to cool,
i CARAMEL CUSTARD— Into a granite
ware pan put one-half a cupful of sugar
■ and set it over the fire; melt to an amber
color, then tip the dish and let it run over
i the sides so as to coat the entire Inside
i surface of the pan. Break five eggs Into
> a large howl and beat well, add half a
• cupful of .sugar and beat until smooth.
Turn Into the .sugar-coated pan. Bet In a
1 pan half full of water and hake from
' thirty-five to forty minutes. When cold
set the pan in hot water for a few
minutes and turn the custard out on a flat
dish. No sauce !s needed as the browned
sugar and the juice of the custard forms
a caramel sauce.
MULLED CIDER— Put one quart of
cider to boll with a few grains of allspice;
beat eight eggs until light, pour the hot
elder on the eggs and pour from pitcher
to pitcher uni-i It Is frothy. On serving
add a little nutmeg to each glass.
CHERRY SYRUP tone ripe cherries
and crush one-half of the seeds in a mor
tar and add to the fruit; put in a bag and
squeeze until all the Juice Is extracted.
Measure and to every quart allow two
cupfuls of sugar; put in a saucepan and
boll llfteen minutes, skimming every time
the scum rises. >Vhen cool bottle and
seal.
JAM POPOVERS— To one well-beaten
egg add one-half a cup of milk, a little
salt and one cup of liour. Beat until per
fectly smooth, add another half a cup of
milk, beat well and put In hot buttered
muffin tins. Only fill half full and bake
In a quick oven for half an hour or until
the popovers seem hard and brown.
When done make a cut In the side with
a sharp hot knife, butter slightly and fill
with any kind of jam. Sift over with
powdered sugar am. stir.
SCOTCH CAKES— Chop one-half a
pound of butter and one-fourth a pound of
sugar together and with the hands knead
in one pound of flo or enough flour to
make the mixture roll easily. Piit on the
rolling board and roll out about a quarter
of an inch thick, cut with a cake-cutter
and bake fifteen minutes in a medium
oven. Sift powdered sugar over the top
and serve when cold.
CUCUMBER SAUCE— PeeI the oucum
bers. Take out the seeds and then bake
until soft. Maah well and put in a sauce
pan. Add one cupful of stock, a good
sized piece of butter, one spoonful of flour
two tablespoonfuls of cream, the juice or
half a lemon and salt and pepper to taste.
Cook fifteen minutes, run through sieve
and heat again. Serve.
NUT MAYONNAISE— Chop and then
pound to-a paste some hickory nuts. Mix
them with some ordinary mayonnaise,
regulating the amount of nuts by individ
ual taste. Serve with any salad.
BAKED QUINCE— Wipe the quinces
well: fill a baking dish with them and add
one cupful of water and bake until tender.
When done remove the ykins, slice and
put in layers into a glass dish, sprinkling
each layer with sugar. Set In a cool place
and serve when perfectly cold.
TEA CAKES- l -Beal two eggs separately,
and into the yolks silr three tablespoon
fuls of sugar. Add three cups of flour and
three cups of milk. Beat well and add two
teaspoons of baking powder and the
whites of the eggs. Bake i:i muffin rings
nmi when ('.one sprinkle the tops with
sugar and cinnamon.
SAUTERNB CUP— Mix in a bowl five
tablespoonfuls of lemon juk-e and four
tablespoonfuls of white sugar, put on ice
for an hour. Then add t -j.it half a dozen
thin slices of cucumber, half of a banana
cut Into slices, a handful of pineapple
dice and over all a quart of Sauterne. Mix
well and turn upon a block of ice. Just
before serving add a pint of Shasta water.
CARAMEL CAKE— Caramel cake is
made with ordinary layer cake and a car
amel filling. The caramel filling is madu
with one cup of dark brown sugar, hn\Z
a cup of milk and a tablespoon of butter.
Boil until thp mixture forms a soft ball
in water. When cool spread between the
cakes.
WHITE CAKE— Cream one cupful of
butter with two cupfuls of sugar, add
three cupfuls of flour and one cupful of
milk, one and a half teaapnonfuls of bak
ing powder and flavoring. Bake in an
agate pan.THE girl who rises -when the cocks
are crowing their morning matins
slips into a warm wrapper for cof
fee and toast, then does the presto
change for the business of the day.
But my Lady of Leisure, she who sips a
cup of chocolate at midday, must needs
wear a negligee that is the quintessence
of beauty. A petticoat fluffy with laces
end ribbons may be worn with a chic
little matinee, or a flowing negligee clings
fmm head to feet:
The evolution of the negligee Is as In
structive as it is interesting. The negli
gee was once a combing jacket; then It
graduated into a "matinee" and finally
evoluted into a negligee.
Each of these transformations likewise
marks an epoch in society. In the comb-
Ing jacket days we were a people with
pimple tastes. Each bonny bride num
b'-rr-d in her trousseau a half dozen comb
ing Jackets, all unadorned. Their use was
exactly what their name signified— a
Jacket to be worn when combing tho
When society began to put on frills the
combing jacket discarded its simplicity
for furbelows. It crept out of its chrysa
lis of flannel into lawn and silk and rib
bons and laces. It took unto Itself a new
name borrowed from la belle Parislenne,
who had alv/ays worn these dainty little
From th.» matinee to the negligee was
a short step. The first born of the negli
gees wen not the "creations" that their
descendants are. They ere simply loose
wrapperlike gowns and not particularly
beautiful. The negligee of to-day Is a
soft shimmering affair with billowy laces
and dainty ribbons. One must possess a
half dozen of these going up the scale
beautiful, until a drr-am in loveliness is
reached. The gorgeous ones are for the
afternoon.
Slippers and stockings are a serious
consideration with the negligee, for the
feet "like little mice peep in and out,"
and If they air- not daintily shod the har
mony is destroyed.
A pretty woman never looks as well in
anything as in th<-s. negligees. It is the
half-concealing, half-revealing charm of
these gowns that makes them so tanta
llzingJy beautiful. Just how fetching they
are the accompanying photographs Illus
trate.
A petticoat which in its richness and
simplicity makes one think of brides and
hear wedding bells is of glistening white
taffeta, made with a tj..,»j) ruffle of
mousseline de sole, soft billowy lace and
row after row of dainty insertion. True
lover's knots of white ribbon are ap
ll'iued on the top of the ruffle, just above
the first row of insertion.
Another beautiful and striking one is
made of pink taffeta and trimmed In
tx<julsite black lace, black velvet ribbon
THE LATEST IN
NEGLIGLEE`S
THE SUNDAY CALL.
and lace l*»av<»<« nppllquefl. The flounce
1« cut in points, edped with the lace and
finished with a tiny, double-pinked ruffle
of plain Mack taffeta. Two rows of black
velvet ribbon run on to follow the shape
of the points of the flounce, and above
each point the lace leaves appli<iued; the
top of the flounce is finished with a double
ruffle of tho plain black taffeta.
The satin petticoats are just too lovely
to be covered, and one especially makes
one wonder how any one could have the
courage not to show it. It is pule pink bro
caded satin, the flowers a deep rose color
and pale green rose buds strewn here and
there over it. The flounce is made of four
rows of cream-colored lace, finished «vith
a puff of chiffon. Above the chiffon «ir©
two rows of insertion, one of pink em
broidered chiffon and the other to match,
the lace. The skirt was lined with soft,
pink silk.
Another Is a soft preen, with flounce
of the same cream-colored lace, and fin
ished off with a puff of white chiffon.
A pale pink matinee* made of tucked
taffeta and trimmed with white lace and
pink satin ribbon makes one happy Just
to look at it.
A dainty blue-gray one trimmod with
ruffles of white bobinet and ribbon with
forget-me-nots, is odd as well as pretty.
It is made short In back like a bolero
and has two long paniers on each side,
reaching the top of the flounce, edged
with the bobinot and ribbon. Another odd
matinee is made of cashmere and em
broidered In black, a trailing design run
ning up and down. The effect is very
pretty. Pink seems to b^ the favorite
color. Tight-fitting in back and trimmed
with Insertion and accordion-pleated
ruffles.
The prettiest and perhaps the most per
ishable one is pale lavender silk crepe,
Turk running across, edged with lace,
forms the yoke, and white lace put in
wherever possible, Rives the garment an
air of exquisite daintiness.
Besides the elaborate silk, taffeta and
crepe matinees, there are dozens of
kimonos and breakfast jackets just aa
sweet and dear and not half as expen
sive.
With the aid of these photographs and
from the descriptions, if you are clever
you can fashion charming effects costing
a tithe of what the shopkeepers de
mand.
Hotel M na^er— I see you have given
our finest .-uite of rooms to a ina:i named
Bilkins. Are you sure he can pay the
charges?
Clerk— Yes, he's rich enough."
"How do you know?"
"He is old and ugly, and his wife Is
vounse and nrettv."— Cincinnati Enaulrar.
2930
Raisins Tea Most
SuccessFuny.
>-yOTTON is kiiirr in tile South. Bui
If there arc many Southerners who
I /«* think their (faction of the country,
VJ^/ would be better ■'." were thers also
V, a iirip.:. 1 !- royal'
Just now this prince royal seems
to be looming up in the shape of th« 3 Pine
hurst tea garden? of Dr. C. 11. Shepard.
For the first tin:.- In the history of this
country Dr. Shepard has grown Lea writ
commercial success. No one c " toll the
Interesting .story 'of these evp •riments
better than Dr. Shepard liim-:e!f, and i
■hall let him do bo.
"Some ten years ajjo.V : '•■. Shepard
■writes, "feeling compelled to seek out
door occupation ;ir<] to relinquish the
career of an analytical chemist (especi
ally in matter* relating i.o phospliates
an! other fertilizers), nnd <U?.-in-us to
ator.c for haying written not a. ■■■. on
agricultural chemistry,; l determined to
ghe a thorough tria! to the possible
profit In tea culture in the Southern
States. It had rived more or lea at
teni lon since the French botanist. Mich
aux. planted out at Middlcton Barony, on
the Ashley River, some twelve miles
from here, about 1800. the drat te;i plant.
"Everybody knew that tea would grow
re and might be made into a very pal
atable drink. But ai what expense it
might be raided on a curnmercial scale
and ! ■■.-. 'ho lea-drinkinj; public would
buy It were unknown. I made up my
mind to gradually produce an annual
crop of several thousand pounds, and to
Man the Weakest of All.
mat man is tne wealcest of the orf;a;]ic
world has been proved a. thousand times.
The most delicate insect has <i hundred
times his strength, and now the Massa
chusetts Agricultural College at Amherst
has shown that the vegetable world also
follows the rule. There is a mammoth
yellow Chill squash there that has been
harvested and made to tell the story in
pounds avoirdupois. Weights were so dis
posed that am the plant grew an, accurate
CULTIVATING TEA
IN THE UNITED
STATES
try to break down the prejudice of
taste which I knew beforehand must
prove my chief obstacle What i have
done, and. if my life be spared. I hope
to accomplish, may serve to lighten the
pati' of futur* experimenters.
"My 'South Vraser lea garden contains
slightly more than two acres of tea
plants, at 4 by -i feet distances: It was
planted with seed procured in 1892 through
the L'nite'd States State and Agricultural
Departments, and by the kind assistance
of John Poster, United States Consul at
Nln§rp< . China.
"The seed came from a celebrated gar
den i.-.-ii- Huugchow the capfial of tli<?
province of Chel;lang, called 'Loong
Tsin.' meaning Dragon's Pool. .Mr. Fow
'"' ■■■:•'•■ that the seed '/.-as of the 'very
best s.jrt and that the leaf was always
made Into green '.a. Concerning the tea
he also stated: 'It has no market nam-»
for the reason that It is not sold outside
of the place of growth; ft cannot be
bough! In this port (Niugpo), nor at
Shanghai it is sun-drlcd. and. of course
i? not colored artificially: it Is not ex
ported, It is too dear; it costs $! 80 ncr
P-.und at llangchow. Only Chinese can
afford to use it; it is too dear for Ameri
cans— 1. .-.. those In America.'
"This garden is a remarkably healthy
one. The vacancies (caused by the death
of plants) constitute only about 4 per
cent. Visitors to Pin.'hurst practically
acquainted with Oriental gardens have
expresses their surprise at its luxuriant
measurement of Its lifting power was pro
vided. In three months after planting the
vino had lifted and was sustaining a
weight of 4120 pounds and one week later
recorded an even 5000.
This is the first time experiments have
been made in a scientific way to demon
strate actual strength In known etand
ards. though sprouting: vines have fre-
Sut'of V«ir en wa^ OWn t0 Wt lar * c IWnM
and uniform growth
"They have gone even to the extent of
stating that i*. equal anything they
had seen in the East; William Baunders.
the horticulturist of the Department of
Agriculture, called it 'a tea garden of
perfect cultivation. The first attraction
of such a garden, 1 he continued, 'is the
remarkable color of the foliage"; a deep
velvety green shining with vigorous
health on the lower leaves of the plants.
The uniformity and perfection of shape
of the plants, Indicative of skillful prun
ing, are next noticeable Skill In pruning
is also apparent In the vigorous growth
of the younr shoots, giving succulency to
the leaf and promoting rapid develop]
of continuous flushings. All these fea
tures combine to form a scene of uncom
mon Interest to the appreciative ob
server.'
ORIGIN OF THE WEDDING RING.
ACCORDING to legend. Jupiter sent
to Prometheus in honor of lils de
liverance by Hercules a ring In
which was set a piece of the stone to
which Prometheus had formerly been
bound in chains.
In Northern mythology the ring: sym
bolizes the bridge from this world to the
next, or, according to another idea, the
rainbow symbol of eternity. Hence it is
plain that from most ancient times the
ring was a symbol of remembrance and
#i»rnai recollection. Since the earliest
THE STTNDAY CALL.
"The bushes r>re thick, of comparative
low growth and nlobular form. The leaf
nerally rather small and tender, it
Is well adapted for the manufacture ol
either green or black tea, although the
weight of opinion among tea experts la
thai the lattei product is the better of
the two.
"The garden is mostly situated on a
knoll, but a portion extends down into
moist low .rind. The soil la a clayey loam,
with a rather stiff clay subsoil. It lias
been heavily enriched every spring with
a high grade fertilizer, at th< rate re
cently of about six hundred pounds to the
acre. Each summer cowpeas are sown,
between the rows of tea to enrich tne
soil, as well as to prevent its being
washed away.
"The yield of dry tea has shown a
steady Increase— lß94, 83.8 pounds; 1895,
days of Christianity the ring has been
a precious pledge of faithfulness, the tal
isman of two souls forming a sacred life
union.
Tho custom of wearing the wedding ring
on the fourth finger of the left hand
goes back for its origin to the Egyptians,
from whom the Greeks borrowed the cus
tom and handed It on to the Romans. The
fourth finger was dedicated to Apollo, the
sun god, and gold was an additional
symbol of the sun. Besides, it was be
lieved that Apollo's linger was connected
15r..7: IMS. 215.9: 1597. 247.5; ISPS. 307.3; 1899.
to September 15. 4C9.1. The prospect is
that the crop of this year from the South
Fms. r garden will exceed 500 pounds, or
250 pounds per acre.
"As a yiehl of 200 pounds per acre is
qultr exceptional in China, the r<>puli is
very encouratfngr, especially as there is
no reason to believe that this garden has
reached its maximum production. It is,
of course, quite impossible to predict
what the ultimate yield may be. A crop
< 200 pounds to tho acre is quKe re
munerative. Double that amount would
ai'ford ;i very handsome profit.
"The Dragon's Pool variety proved very
hardy •luring and since the phenomenal
fr. ezr of iast February, when for the first
tiny In 150 years the thermometer fell to
zero. Very few plants succumbed to this
fierce ordeal, and the anticipation that the
by a. nerve directly, with the heart, and it
was most appropriate that the sign of the
loving union should rest on this finger.
Another theory is that the ring was the
sign of slavery, and was, therefore, worn
on the left, the weaker hand. In Ger
many the engagement ring often serves
for the wedding ring also, being worn on
the right hand until the marriage, when
it is transferred to the left. In Spain the
engagement ring is most ornate and is
Invariably worn on the fourth linger of
th« right hand.
The S u cc^ent ty&h May
UT.tirpat^Ty Cfcth'roHG
phenomenal cold of last winter would not
materially diminish the t.a en.], ,f LSO9 is
being substantiated. A comparison ol the
yield of Iry tea tor the two seaa .us shows
that, beginning v*ith no leaf production in
April and a less yield in May. the gar d ns
<!id better in the following months during
this season, and it may be siainl that the
crop of 1899 is reasonably reckoned at
about 3SOO pounds, against 2900 in hist
;. ear.
"The Secretary of Agriculture baa
placed at my disposal the sum of $1000, a;>
propriated at the last session of C ■■ill ss.
for tea experimentation undei his direc
tion, lie baa further set apari $700 for
utilization in the application ol Irrigation
to the culture of tea. to be Bpeni by the
advice of Professor Elwood Mead, Irriga
tion expert of the department. .Most of
these moneys will be applied to the irrif-a
tion experiments.
"Jn this neighborhood the rainfall in the
months of May to September, inclusive, is
only a little above thirty inches, whereas
in the noied tea districts of the Oriem if
ranges from sixty to over one hundred
inches. 1 have long wanted to try ■!se
effect of irrigation on the tea product! r i
and now that means have been provided
by the 3overnment I will endeavor !■•
give the producing plants in the !:,
named perhaps as much watei as 'he
Eastern gardens receive. Experts have
Elephantine Mischief.
Five of the elephants attached to the
circus of Lord George S.inger esaped from
the large tent in which they had been
hobbled for the night at Dartford, Eng
land. They were found devouring the
contents of a baker's shop, having
smashed a large plate-glass window in
the shop front and eaten all the bread
and pastry they could find and then be
ginning t 0 destroy some bags of flour.
pronounced the Pinehursl tea remarkably
nne.
"Heretofore th expenses of experi
mentation have been borne by myself.
I value the Governmental assistance very
highly, not nil!) because of the financial
aid, dul because it will serv.- to rirmg
tentii n of the pu. <• t.> the possi
bility . establishing a new and profit
able industry, which was ni> original
purpose.
■■l do not regard Pinehurst as ;m idenl
site for rai ompared with thou
sand < f acres within no greal disi
bul beyond ■■■ profitable reach of my tea
pickers and factory. There a:-- 'large
areas oj "Li rice fields with th.- requisite
rich, level lands, susceptible ol . .iltiva
lion in this section, where It would be
possible to secure continuous gardens of
fifty to on- hundred -t< r< ;t the
sity ot applying arUficial manuring
and ender much more !:., , ■■ and
cheaper conditions of labor than obtain
au ails spot. But if tea mg, i,.. proflt
ably raised here the question if produc
es n. m more favored 1< cer
tainly established."
For labor Dr. Shepard ci • r.egro
Children, and in order thai he maj hay«
them near when the rigrhi moment for
picking is at hand he establis hed and
supports a school at Pinehursl Thfa ex
'•'."""' is one ol ;h. interesting
minor benefits ol his experiments in tea
i-r to _ ,7 f the elephants— Charlie, Edgar,
M. k. / and Mary were escorted back
to the ten;, but Minnie could not be found
anywhere.
She subsequently was discovered a mil*
and a half away, quietly sleeping near a
conservatory in a market garden. She
had amused herself by smashing the win
dows of the conservatory, destroying a
Quantity of valuable flowers and eaUnjr
a bis lot of vegetables. -°*INTERIOR VIEWS OF
ADMIRAL DEWEY`S
NEW HOME
rf yon walk Aorwa Rhod* Island ave
n-n« In the city of Washington
you will see a certain square, solid
house, which look* for ail the world
Ilk* the rest of the hou*ee In the
block. Th« only thing: that distinguishes
It la that Admiral Dewej- Is to live In it.
There Is a great. great difference be
t-ween this hotxae and the admiral's old
home. P<*rhap« In the bigness and com
pleteneae of the capital dwelling he will
think a bit longingly now and then of the
sprawling, vlney old place on a quiet Ver
mont street — a place where elms stretch
their branch** over the peaked roof, and
where green shutter* ; inclose twelve
pan ed windows. If he ever fe«ls any little
sensations of this kind he can excuse hlra
celf for a moment from officers and
•aateeman and steal out to his back yard,
It is the only spot about the new home
that can ever suggeet Vermont demure
ness.
It ]» as green a patoh of ground as
faithful sprinkling has been able to make
It: Weeds have been hunted down and
made way -with, except for two dandelion
plajits that are putting out late flowers
even now In honor of the returning hero.
The old gardener who has charge of the
place ha* chertahed those and allowed
them to keep four yellow stars blooming
at a timo.
Grapovlr.es, once heavy with purple Isa
bellas, hang over the back door. The
whole Is a snatch of country sot down In
ptatfly Washington. If the admiral will
pardon x.a, w» will drop In at this low
back door now that we are here. Inform
ality is so pleasant, you know.
The kiich'-n is a place to gladden the
h*>art f,f Mrs. J)>-wey. It is the most mod
ern and approved or kitchens, with gloam
ing white sinks and tilesj and cupboards
that fit into all sons of. corners. The pan
try is almost as big as the kitchen, and
has a sunny window opening upon the
yard. The outfit has all been made com
plete, even to the cans labeled cinnamon
and cloves.
kitchen opens
■
■ r the adrolrars
• g ' tigton
... |ma hog
hat puff out
• kling DU
• of painted
walls. The
• r< d. Thrt whole
md b dull
i
■ om ih" dlning
;. the most
iuse to
ii. has
e<j In minutesi detail himself, w'nile
c willing ' ■ dln
meroy of
phol ■ • ■ : - i- the
v hich ersonality. The rows
■
• Kipling, and b good ma m ha ye
. .:11 the v him, from
• .■• m t° Manila and hack again.
Ie room ! v brown, si.
the wall tint down to the dark
I lire Etch) I paintings
• \v y Cam if - hang here; a copy of.
the plump baby King and a treasured
glimpse, of Vermont's winter mountains.
A wide ilreplace Is snuggled In between
bookcases and gives promise of Rood
cheer for snowy evenings Here privi
leged people who are not confined to the
more precise drawing-room can be com
fortable and tell stories or listen; There
is a wide and a deep chair of golden
brown brocade, meant especially for the
fireside and the admiral; and there la an
other. Just as wide and just as deep, for
a lucky guest.
Above the fireplace— higher even than
the picture molding— stretches a panel of
stained class thai will catch the after
noon light and trickle colors across the
carpet. The opposite Ide of the room is
dark, and a cozy corner, knee deep in
cushions, is half hidden there. Gleams of
yellow throughout the room relieve the
brown-yellow cushion, yellow lamp shade,
yellow table scarf. Ragged yellow chrys
anthemums are growing in the west win
dow in a big Japanese jardiniere
From the dim, restful library the draw
ing-room opens, sunny and brightly fur
nished It is Frenchy in blue and gold,
with little Louis chairs that are spin
dling and airy, and big Louis chairs that
are firm and courtly. A wreath and bow
knot design glitters on the poarl-iintcd
wall and the pictures are pastels and
broader more cheerful canvases set in
gold and white enamel. There are flow
ered satin tete-a-tetes and dainty tables
for ornaments and a marble Faith on
ebony pedestal.
Between heavy lace and blue velvet
glimpses may be caught of the solemn
street. The ' front window Is a three
faced bay that lets in a flood of sunshine
when sunshine there i.«. Near the win
dow stands the piano an upright in light
wood, draped in an embroidery of white
dahlias on blue.
The fireplace" was designed for the
house's new occupant. It Is set in en
dollthlo marble and is inconsistently co
lonial in form. ' It gleams merrily with
aa much brass as uses can be found for
fire dogs dud fender and tongs and all
rifS. In the mantel are bisques
and small marbles and Venetian glass.
Out through the hall and upstairs to
th<' apartments above, it isn't easy to
hurry through the hall, though, for it Is
.-til Inviting place with its oak settee and
open fire and warm red walls. Raised
flpurs de Mb In gilt adorn the walls, and
the flpur de Its design is carried out in
•■: . Oak prevails according
t.. the tradition of halls, but this oak Is
deliriously dark and old than is ÜB
-':.'i!;> b en. A carved openwork panel of
it nils In the square Bpace between the
wall and newel post, in plac< oi a banis
ter. Wide shining Btairs start crosswise
of the hall and change their direction at
a landing where a leather coveted couch
stands beneath a group of old portraits.
1 ii. admiral's bedroom if above the
front parlor and has a corresponding buy
window. The mahogany furniture is se-
Bimple and the manner of the room
is to frown upon decoration and frivolity.
it is not bo unlike an enlarged stateroom.
Two or three sea views hang on the wall,
which is covered with a hard pattern In
. old colors. The one home-like place on
tliM second floor is the admiral's private
_ room opening from his chamber.
Tt is furnished much like the library be
low; there arp more loafing chairs and
lnungcp, however. Here nre the cabinets
whirr Dewey will put his Philippine cu
rios, and where only the very intimate
will be Invited to see them.
other bedrooms are on both second and
third floors, and Lieutenant Crawford has
a small office over the front hall. Ser
vants' quarters and bathrooms, store
rooms and linen closets complete the
house. A red cedar clnset, such as would
d. light any housekeeper's heart, fits
neatly Into the space under the upper
stalls.
All this comfort has the $£0,000 sub-
Bcrlbed by our nation bought for Us hero.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
The, penny contributions came from news
boys and factory children and they wer«
(minted by the hundreds. The nickels
«nd dim^s poured in. The largest dona*
tion was 13000.
Ard everybody who pave, from th«
brown penny to the significant check, can
think of the Dewey nnus* from pepper
pot to mahogany sofa and remember that
some part of it Is his gift to the ad
miral.
3132
THE SUNDAY CALL.
A FEW OF
CALIFORNIA
PRETTY
GIRLS