\<M.l MB iAWVII-No, 14.
METHUEN'S ARMY DRIVEN BACK
FROM MAGERSFONTEIN BY BOERS
General Wauchope Among the British Officers Slain, and the
Defeat Is Probably the Most Disastrous Since the
War Began in South Africa.
LONDON, Doc. 13.— The War Office has received the fol
lowing dispatch from Genera! '<• 'ii. dated Tuesday,
December 12:
:: ' artiU« ■ . \or\ str 1 . sition held by the en
dusk Sunday. It rained
" :lu.
I daybreak on Monday
tack was properly timed, but
protect tin I [ighlanders*
tinted infantry, with a how
nemy on the left, and tlic
" • ted by held artillery and howitzer
from daybreak, and at [115
- • the Highland brigade. The
•' c enemy's entrenchments
isk, the 1 including the kopje, for a
the Modder River. To-day 1 am hold
iching myself. I had to face at
- , ■ i .it."
• era) F< . telegraphing from Cape Town at
nds the following dispatch from Lord Me
: Modder River, Tuesday, December 12, 7:30 p. m.:
"As the Boers occupied their trenches strongly
this morning, I retired in perfect order here, where
I «m in security .
*"l have gathered :rom some of the prisoners
iind from our men with the ambulances, who
talked with the Boers, th«t the enemy's losses
nn ere terrible, sonic corps being completely wiped
out. The Boers have been most kind to my
\s ounded."
PRETORIA, Monday, Deo. n. — An official report -ays:
" \ Ider River began yesterday with cannon
Siting proceeding from 3:30 o'clock in the mora
le, with cannon, Maxims and rifles. A bom
k, and the fighting still continues.
c the British positions, where it
L There were heavy rains
■
■ • s morning a dispatch ri<ler brought word
en maintained and that forty
id been taken. At 9:30 o'clock it was
"ii fire had somewhat The
ng their balloon. The fighting was still
n at 1 n.
Kimberley is still quiet.
NORTH OF MODDER RIVER, Monday. Dec. 11.—
l : -* r ' ning the Guards and the Highland Brigade
: • from the Modder River camp, marching in the night, in
tion. The objective ioint of the Highland
tern spur of the Boer position, the Guards fol
ing the bank of the river, while the Yorkshire Light Infantry
moved along the river side. Just I . the High
rithin 200 yard- of the Doer entrenchment
hill. A numl.er of Boers were in the vicinity, and
the Highlan till marching quarter column, in close or
der, when they • rrible fire from the flanks and were
Mth heavy !■
The tn 'ned under the shelter of some rising
ground and gallantly held their position. Later the Gordons
•' in ' l the • . ■ orked their way until within
• the Boer position, displaying the groan- 1 gal
try. In t ' while a naval gun at the Modder River,
tzer bltl nd the horse artillery. opened a terrific fire.
the trendies and searching every portion of the Boer
The Boer guns were entirely silent In the mean
while the Doer-, on the open ground directly in front, moved
the object of making a flank attack. Hut this was frus
• Guards and artillery. The Roers recommenced
ghi the evening, hut no damage was done. The British
■ • positions. It is Expected that there will he a re
the fighting to-morrow. The losses on both sides
HGE RIVER, Cape Colony, Dec. 13.— -Three hun
•-v wounded, including twenty- seven officers
1 ihc Modder River.
y ONDON'.. iw. 14— Another perlou*
L! ha? befallen the British arms
; ritish MM
J In South Africa. •■••;.. long- list
j 0 of casualtl.-s Is 1,,-jnp prepared to
darken hundreds of RrltiFh homes.
The newi which reached Ixmdon yester
day that I>ord Metbuen had been forced
to retire after fierce attacks upon the
«n<my*s position at Magenfontein com
\vk s«» kiod after the disaster near Storm
1«*IK cast a gloom " v 'f the metropolis.
The nation traa hungering for Rood tld
lr.?s to efface the bitter taste of defeat,
nnd the dlsappolntraent was felt all tin
more keenly.
No matter where one went last night—
to the theater, to the club or' to the ho
tel—there was but one topic of discus
► lon— M< i hum's defeat and hit* probable
Jckms. I-attr In the evening when It be
ta nn' !t:iown that General Wauchope and
the Marquis of Winchester w«re among
the killed the tenrlon was Increased as
thf» thought flashed through aJI minds
that the lift of kilkd and wounded will
enrry prlef to many statily as wr 11 ns to
many lowly hom<-s. It is not an exas
peration to Fay that almost every h&nd
fi.ime mansion in the fashionable West
I'nd contains anxious and sleepless men
nnd women in mourning.
The undertone of condemnation of the
Inactivity of the War OfHce before hos
tilities hrpan. which has resulted la the
British forces belnK inferior in numbers
to the Boors, has found Its way to the
turface. This feeling waa expressed in
ctrons terms at the War Office, where
The San Francisco Call
crowds of anxious men and women con
gregated before the doors or walked
through the lobby, reading bulletins all
through the day and evening. When It
was announced, after midnight, that no
more news would be given out until morn-
Ing they slowly dispersed. Many women
were unable to control their emotions and
wept bitterly.
bnttle a
1 oV r River n yarded bt
k to Lord Ifethuen rather
! than as a reverse. The British troops
■ orled bach i:-. disorder to their
.
tir«w up latrsochments. On tl
i lowlhb moraine the British command) r,
, IlnrtltiK the enemy still In their v.
■ . v. to tt.e Modder River camp. The
: • deSCfitM d :i« l< rrible.
] From very unsatisfactory reports re
[ eeived It appears that Lord Methuen on
j Saturday shelled the Boer lines at Spyt
fonteln and M.if.-' rsfonftn. During the
evening of the same day the Highland
Brigade, followed by the Guards and the
Yorkshire I^ight Infantry. marched
toward the eastern extremity of the Boer
position.
At daybreak the Highlanders advanced
to the attack, but seemingly before they
had deployed and while they were still
in close formation they were received
with a terrible fire by the Boers, who had
drawn them Into ambush. They were
forced back with heavy loss, General
Wauchope, the brigade commander, being
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1399.
Boer Method of Fighting as the French Picture It.
i Kn'm Lfl Petit Journal.)
Special Cable to the New York H>rald. Copyright. 1899. by James Gordon Bennett. Republication of this
dispatch is prohibited. All Rights reserved in the United Slates and Great Britain.
LONDON, Dec. 14.— Tbe Daily Telegraph publishes this dispatcb from
its special correspondent :
MODDER RIVER, Tuesday, Dec. 12.— We attacked the Boers
yesterday. It is estimated '•hat they were 12.000 strong. They are
occupying very strong positions six miies to the northeast in the Ma
gersfontein Kopjas
The Highland brigade advanced before dawn to storm the line of
the Boer trenches. It got to the base of the Kopjes, but was re
pulsed with heavy loss. I regret to state tbat General Wauchope,
commanding th>e brigade, was K'l'ed. Our artillery, consisting of four
batteries and a naval gun, shelled tr;e enemy's position. Methuen's
force then tried to break through th>e Boer's left flank between the
kopjes and Modder River, but tr;e Boers were too strong.
Tbe attack on th>e enemy's front, where th>e higb'and brigade fyad
failed in the rrjorning, was pressed all day. The Gordon Higb'aQders
rr)ade a heroic attempt to retrieve the previous failure. Colonel Down
man with a few of his n)en got within 200 yards of tbe trenches, but
could not get any further. Tbe colonel was mortally wounded.
Tbe brigade having lost very beavily in officers and rr)en retired
and returned this rooming to the general camp bere. The guns and
the Guards brigade covered tbe retirement.
Our losses are very heavy. The Marquis of Winchester is among
the Killed.
Th>e force engaged in tbe battle consisted of tY)e Guards brigade,
Highland brigade, Eighteenth), Sixty-second and Seventy-fifth field bat
teries, a battery of tbe Royal horse Artillery, Ninth and Twelfth Lan
cers and a bowitzer battery.
killed. Their fine fighting quality was
shown, bowever, by the tact that despite
the bad tactics which had brought <lt>,is
t<r upon them they v.- r> able t" re-form.
Gordons came t<> their aid and they
i to within ;;"" yards of the enemy'i
position, which had In the meantime bOCP
■helled by three Held batteries, howitzers,
;i 4.7-Inch nav.il ruii and the horse artil
itry.
At this point the Boen delivered a
counter ;ittHck on the British tlank and
• Qordoni l r 'st their oolonel and fell
back, i>ut the Boen were met by the
(Guards and artillery and were driven
back. The British held their own until
duf-k and then ••m reached themselves fur
i attack, Yesterday, however, Gen
eral Kethven decided to fall hack to his
old camp at M dder kiv*t Be retired In
excellent order In daylight. The Boers
have been hovering about Methuen'H line
of communications, and emboldened by
their succets may at any momnt show
themselves in his rear.
General Methuen States that :he fighting
extended over *ix mllei and that he found
himself fact d by 11,001 Boers.
The announcement from Boer sources
that there wan fighting smith of the Mod
«ier River with an armored train may In
dicate th«t an attempt was again made
by Free Staters to cut the line of com
munication, which Is the weak point of
the Boer position.
I The Highland Brigade, comprising pro
; sumahiy Urn Hoyai Highlander* (Black
Watch., the Highland Light Infantry, the
Beaforth/ Highlander* and the Argjrle aii.i
' Sutherland Highlanders, a brigade of
Ooarda and the Sortohire Light infantry.
were the British foot soldlera engaged.
The Ninth Brigade, having orohabljr been
left to guard the < amp at Modder Rlrer.
Generel Ifethuen cannot have taken more
than 7000 or SoOit men Into action, against
] the 12,000 which be estimated the Boers
opposed to him. If General Methuen ad
here*; to the hammer and tongs tactics he
| has pursued hitherto he will hold «»n hard
ito his entrenchments, draw up every
available man from l)e Aar and once more
at night probably, try a frontal attack.
1!p may. however, try what constant an
,' noyance, cutting off of supplies and
further bombardment will do to the force
i which Is before him.
It seems likely that nothing more can
| be done on the west and center (Cape Col
, onjr) but to wait for the tardy Fifth Di
! vision, a part of which has only Just sail
ed. It is difficult to see from what other
quarter reinforcements can be drawn, for
after the defeat at Stormberg. the line
of communication, even in Cape Colony.
will have to be most carefully watched.
Incidents of the last week have given
the Government a truer perception of the
magnitude of the task which is before
them, and will Incline the War Office to
throw every available regiment of horse,
foot and artillery into South Africa with
the utmost promptitude.
beneral satisfaction Is expressed that
General Buller's advance has anally be
gun, with General Barton's brigade mov
ing within three miles of Colenso.
BRITONS MOWED
DOWN BY BOERS'
TERRIBLE FIRE
LONDON. Dec. 14.— Julian Ralph, de
scribing the battle at Magersfontetn In a
special dispatch to the Dally Mail, soys:
"The Boers were Intrenched at Mugers
fontein. four miles north of Modder Rl\er.
At dawn Monday the Highlanders, ad
vancing across the veldt, were suddenly
subjected to a murderous fire from the
trenches about 200 yards In front. Ihe
greater of the fearful loss of the
day wan thus suffered in a single minute.
"Btartled and overwhelmed, the brigade
retired quickly, but soon rallied and re
tained their position. This was on the
left. On the right the Guards brigade
Major General A. G. Wauchope.
Marquis of Winchester, major Second Bat
talion, Coldstream Guards.
Colonel Downman, First Battalion. Gordon
Highlanders (mortally).
Lieutenant Colonel A. E. Codrington and
Captain Sterling, both of the First Battalion
of Coldstream Guards.
Total British losses at Magersfontein esti
mated at over 450.
LONDON, Dec. 13, — The War Office lias received the fol
lowing dispatch from General Forestier-Walker:
"Cape Town. Tuesday — Methuen wires that General
Wauchope was lolled in action yesterday."
General Andrew G. Wauchope, of the Black Watch, com
manded the Highland Brigade with General Methuen's cofamn.
He served in Ashanti, Egypt and the Soudan. H»* was fre
quently mentioned in dispatches, and twice contested Midlo
thian, once against Mr. Gladstone. He was a great favorite in
the army.
General Wauchope's death was orach deplored He ren
dered notahle service at the l.attle of < )mdurman. for which he
was thanked by both Houses of Parliament.
A pathetic incident was that General Wauchope's wife waa
among the inquirers at the War < Office a few minutes before the
telegram announcing his death was posted.
Major General Andrew Gilbert Waurhope was bom in Ist* Hl* <I#>»fh
terminates thirty-four years' service as a soldier, during which he has taken
active part In four wars and been four times wounded, and well earned every
step of his promotion. Ho began his military career at the age of 13 year*,
when he entered the Forty-second Foot, the famous "Mark Watch."' as ensign,
in 18t3. He took part In the Ashantce war of IST3-7I and wan severely wound
ed at the battle of Ordashu. also in the Egyptian campaign of ISS3-M, and was
again severely wounded at El Teb. Me was lieutenant colonel In the Soudan
campaign of MM and was again severely wounded at the battle of Klrbekan.
His last active service before going to South Africa was with the Nile expe
dition of IR9S. in which ho commanded the First Brigade of the ITiiHea divi
sion. He was made major general for distinguished services at the battle of
Khartoum, m thanked by both houses of Parliament and received the
Egyptian medal with two clasps. General Wauchope came of an old Midlo
thian stock of soldiers, and his father. Major General l: A. Wauchope, died
last year, after forty-four years' Bervlce.
advanced act— ■ the veldt against ottn-r
trenches and fought an invisible foe l r
Aftecn hour*.
"At 11 in the morning the Gordon Hl»;n
landtra were sent forward. The Boors
allowed ineni to pass one line of trenches
nnd then enfiladed them. W. raked Ibe
Boer trenches with artillery throughout
the day. The fighting only ceased with
nightfall."
MODDER RIVER. Dec. 12.— The Brit
ish casualties Included the Marquis of
Winchester, major of the second battalion
of Coldstream Guards, who was killed,
and Colonel Downham of the first bat
talion of the Gordon Highlanders. who
was mortally wounded.
When ihe Highlanders m«t th<> murd. r
ous point-blank fin- of :• about
200 were mowed down. Tin- Mark. '•
regiment, on reforminß, was able to mu.«
ter only 160 men. Th" Boen lost heavily
In the trcnehet and also In the wlr«- rnian-
Klement when th> y CBflM 11 1>t«•1 > t « • th" opn In
an attempt to make a flank attack up-m
the British.
The N-rritU- British artill-ry Bra pro
voked no iespon.se except from th< i
rifles until nearly ■» o'clock in the after
nuon. when the (Jordon HlfjhlandaTa
formed to renew the attack on the In
trenched kopje. Th. y advanced with the
utmost gallantry to attack the |
close to '.he place wh.-r.- lay th'ir .1- |
and wounded comrades of the Highland
brigade.
The enemy opened with a hrnvy shrap
nel fire an the British advanced, and It
was found physically ImpoaalMe to tak»^
the Boer trenrhe«. The Brltlsk |Ol with
in 2fO yards, hut could not get nearer. It
was here that Colonel Downham fell.
The Boers had free recourse to barbed
PRICE Fl\ i: (I NTS.
KILLED.
WOUNDED.
wire entanglements, which offered , at
obstacles, even after the damage inflicted
by the British artillery fire.
•This morning (Tuesday) both sld»s or
cupied the positions they held before
the battle. Th.- greatest bravery was dis
played by both ofllct-ni and men. Tim
wounded include Lieutenant Colon*! \
E. Codrington and Captain Sterling both
of the first battalion of the Coldstream
<i nurds.
A detachment of liners posted among
some thick bushes to the east maintain,
••' a most destructive fire on the Britl-h
right. with th. remarkable talent tot
taking cover which the Boer always dis
plays, they were, generally speaking.
virtually invisible, and. although tho
enemy's artillery was practically sllcncd.
his rifle fire was so persistent and con
centrated, as well as usually well aimed,
that it was absolutely Impossible for tho
British infantry to take the position by
assault!
At the first advance of the Highlander!
the Boer shooting, probably owing to tho
darkness, was somewhat high. Otherwise
the British losses would have been still
heavier.
LONDON. P. •■ 14.— A social dispatch
from Pretoria by way of .renio
Marques says:
••While the battle of Magcrsfontein was
proceeding the Free State artillery en«
gaged an armored train along the rail
way line toward Belmont. Fortyonn
prisoners, belonging to the first battahen
of the Gordon Highlanders, have Just
traversed JacobsdabL In the last attack
on Surprise Hill three leading Pretoria
townsmen were killed and several others
wounded, causing great sorrow here."2
MILLIONS WILL HONOR THE IMMORTAL WASHINGTON
CENTENNIAL OF HIS DEATH TO BE
WIDELY OBSERVED.
Famous Mer\ Will
Meet To-Day at the
,Mour\t Vemorv
Tomb.
Tl
■
■
in rnmmunltJes there will be cele
lirritlons commemorative of the man
whose nam«\ MiT m-ire than a century
of national life, is silll the greatest an«l
the noblest In America** roll of fame. In
their preparations for this remarkable
event men have forgotten their differ
ences nf erred ami color: they have sub
due.l their antagonisms of politics ami
MsctlonallKtn: they have subordinated
everything fife to the one splendid
thought of giving li"mai;c to the memory
of the greatest of Americans.
One hundred y.-.-ir.- ago to-day George
Washington dl«-d an.l millions <>f people
who believe that in him were the crea
tive forces of a great ar.<l pood nation
will to-day pay to his Almost aacrwfl mem
ory a solemn and reverential tribute. in
many respect* this celebration will be
one of the mr.M nrnark.iMc in the his
tory of th- world. Never perhaps in the
hlftory of the natiotif has a m;in bven
honored by the tribute of Fuch countless
thousands as Washington will be hon
ored to-day.
Pilgrims will r..m.« from every civilized
nation on earth t«» pay reverence at the
Mount V'cmon tomb. The President of
thf Cnltcd StaUs Will sprak of the rlrf
ttn-s r.f tlif iirM President and kindle In
the minds of his hearers the riros of pa
triotism that live now as they lived a
hundred year* api. Men famoui in every
walk of American life, men whose ener
gies nmi personality make all that Is good
In the nation, will spend the day In ser
vices of respect and reverence. Judges of
the Bopreme Court of the rr.ited States.
members of the President* Cabinet, ofil
«ers of the army and navy, members of
tho United StaterSmate and o* the House
«>f Representative*^ Embassadors from
foreign <lovernnunts. representatives
fr..m every State and Territory In the
Union and delegates from Canada. Aus
tralia, Mexico, Europe, Asia and South
America will unite in this most remark
able «■<•]< ■l>ratli'ii that i.« t<> be the testi
mony «<f a nation** love for its dead.
In every hamlet? town and city of Amer
ica ceremonies commemorative of ih< .lay
will b,' hold. Citizens have ur.itM to
make this day one In which all m»y
honor a thought Mt by all. . While mm
and women In every city of th** Union are
encaged In the ceremonies that have ling
l-f-*n in preparation the central and most
Important service of them all will bo held
;a M"unt Vernbn. It may not l«o R«-ner
slly ki.o\v:i. but It is a fact that the Ma
l fraternity. «<f whjch Washington
wa« h member, has l»evn prcparinß fur
five ><ars f«.r the celebration which will
l>e hold to-d:iy at Mount Vernon.
There a vast concourse of men will
gather from many lands to honor the
dead patriot. Services symbolic of the
l*st solemn ritee that were performed
<iver the body of Washington one hundr«il
years apo will be held. It was at first
Intended to have a perfect duplicate of
the death service, even to the use of a
conn, but this was f«!t to be to:> theatri
cal and win not be done. A preat proces
sion will be formed at the mansion
and will move In solemn march to \V,ish
lncten'B tomb, where the Masonic service
r,f death will be read. Bishop Randolph
of Virginia will read the prayer, and
<!in:<"s will be *ur.n. Addresses will be de
livered by prominent m« mbcre of the or
der and response* will be Riven by rep
resentatives of every State and Territory
In the United States.
Every «ffoit will be made to render the
celebration one of marked dignity at.d
solemnity. While the preat procession
of soldier* nnd civilians, ministers of
nate and leaders In the affairs of 'he
Western World is moving to th<- tomb
minute-nuns will boom from the jruns of
warfhips. After the services have bren
concluded at the tomb the procession :ll
return to the mansion, where Preslarnt
MclClnley will deliver the chief address
«<f the day. Not a detail In a spl?nJid
o-remonlal will be overlooked and there
Is little question that the day will live
as one of tho most remarkable in the
hintory of America.
In the assembly-room of the Maxonlc
lodge of which Washington whs a mem
ber Is nn antique clock, whose har.ds
pr.Jnt to ;wer.ty minutes past 10 o"clock.
That clork has l>e» n there for over a hun
dred yt. # tr«. Jut«t a century apo to-nl,*?ht
the hands wcr»- turned to indicate the
hour thty now tell and n<» one has
touched them Flnre. It «ru at twenty
minute* past Ift o'clock on the night of
I>ecrmbrr ]<. IT'.fl. that Washington, alter
an Qlnesi of twinty-fmir hours, died. Me
had taken cold and death with rapid
strides ciimc upon him.
He was buried und«-r Masonic auspices
and to-day will be chanted the same
words that consigned him to the grave.
The Fame ceremonial will be observed.
the same «ilrpes will be suns and through
out the vast expanse of the American con
tinent men and women will be offering
the tribute of their lovinß remembrance
to Ute gr. at*M or ih' nation • dead
THE NATIONS TRIBUTE.
Elaborate Ceremonies to Be Held at
the Tomb of Washington.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 13.— The first
patherinp of Masons of the United States
Pears'
It is a wonderful soap
that takes hold quick and
does no harm.
No harm ! It leaves the
skin soft like a baby's; no
alkali in it, nothing but
soap. The harm is done by
alkali. Still more harm is
done by not washing. So, .
ap is better than
none.
What is bad soap? Im-
}>< rfectly made; the tat
1 alkali not well bal-
anced or not combined.
What is <jr>od soap?
Pears'.
a* >oru ot aaaata u*e it .
and ' f foreign lauds which the world has
known will take place to-morrow at
Mount Vcrnon. The occasion will be the
celebration of the hundredth anniversary
of the death of George Washington. In
many respects this, the first centennial
anniversary of the death of Amerlcfs
greatest and most beloved son. will sur
pass any observance of a like kind ever
held before In any land and In any time.
it. ■■'. and participate c in the exer
cises will be the most distinguished mem
f.ers of the fraternity from every State
and Territory of the Union. A number of
the leading Masons from the provinces of
Canada, from Mexico and Central- and
South America, as well as rom Europe,
Asia and pofsibly a few from far-off Aus
tralia and the Islands of the Pacific, will
also be present In Washington and Alex
andria.
For the past five years the Masons of
America have been preparing for this
event and looking forward with Interest
and concern to 11 successful consumma-
: from Harpers' Magazine
tion. The movement to celebrate the cen- ,
tennial of Washington's death originated
among Masonic . odies In 1893. To the
Grand Lodge of Colorado must be given I
the credit of having Mart.-i the move
ment, and the first active steps taken by
that body undoubtedly gave a great im- i
petus to the universal adoption of the \
idea for a celebration upon the proposed
scale. A committee of the Grand Lodge j
if Colorado, consisting of R. W. Wood
bun*. W. D. Wright and W. D. Todd.
polled the Grand Lodges of the various
States and found that It was their de- l
SWEET SINGERS
DELIGHTED THE
OLD VETERANS
Minstrel Triumph at
the Home Theater.
STORY OF MEMORABLEOUTING
When General Smith, national inspector
of homes for disabled volunteer soldiers
and. sailors, visited California recently on
a tour of Inspection he advised the direct
ors of the home In Napa County to give
the TOO veterans raiding In that Institu
tion minstrel shows, light operas and the
ballet; but he said: "Give first-class per
formances, for these veterans have ' seen
the best, and the best is not too good for
them
Th. board decided to inaugurate the
amusement season last Saturday nt
Yountville by a minstrel performance, and
persuaded J. C. Wilson to accept the high
position of impresario. Mr. Wilson's ac
ceptance wa« reluctant, but the genius for
THE SAN FHAKCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1899.
Fire without exemption that the Grand
Lodge of Virginia should take the lead in
the proposed celebration. in answer to a
list of questions sent each Grand Lodge
the Colorado committee obtained many
valuable suggestions as to the character
of ceremonies suitable for such an occa
sion, an to the time for holding them and
pn forth. This material was turned over to
the grand master of Virginia. ,By him a
committee was at once appointed, whose
duty it was to carry out these suggestions
of their brother Masons throughout the
country. •, rl 'C"'
This committee, which Is known as the
general executive committee, consists of
Major A. R. Courtney of Richmond,
chairman, and Judge R. T. W. Duke,
grand master of Virginia, . Senator John
W. Daniel. Senator Thomas EL Martin,
Mann Page, past grand master of Vir
ginia; Mlcajah Wood, and Kosclusko
Kemper. all Master Masons. This com
mittee appointed a committee of confer
ence consisting of the grand officers of
the District of Columbia and of Master
Masons resident therein. To West Vir
ginia, the daughter State, the Virginia
committee accorded the honor of the ap
pointment of grand marshal. This was
conferred on Colonel Robert White of
Wheeling, an active and distinguished
Mason and a past grand master of West
Virginia. Harry Standiford of Washing
ton was appointed assistant grand mar
shal, and a number of aids have. been
designated.
The exercises. It has been determined,
will consist to-morrow In the reproduc-
organization displayed after his accept-
UKfl vims boundless. From the Bohemian
Club and other temples of talent hi- re
< ri.it. '\ fourteen wondrous warblers. Here
i^ the roatar of volunteer geniun: George
T. Bromley, I.e«ter Ilerrtck (sublime In
terlocutor*. Alex RosborouKh ami Walton
Th'trnt (bones), Billy Hyms and Pete
Sloan ftamboa), Hurbank Bomera. Returns
fr<m N»pa valley represent that Billy
Hynes, who was alone, waa elected princo
of ebony entertainers by a large majority.
It was unanimously declared that Pete
HI >an was the "infant phenom" of the
! century. Supervisor-elect R. M. Hotaltnif
I wan In the proeeaatdn of artistic Kenius.
Ai the worlds greatest monologist in a
series of eccentric developments he re
ceived a great .Nation on the reservation.
The Affulnaldo quartet. consisting of
i Fr ink Coffin. Frank \V. Thompson, Billy
Ihncs and Pete Sloan, eaug the birds off
the bu^lif •«.
The l^obater quintet, consisting of A. J.
Ki'nnedv. Ben L. Tarbox. K.lpar Sapar.
Frank Thompson and Frank Coffin, ex
, cited applause In the valley as far up as
St Helena and as low down as Napa
I Junction. Th<- storm center of applause,
however, was on the home reservation.
The quintet tang for thirty-six hours
and never khed a feather or treated an
encore with disdain. The voicea of O<>rtin,
i Sagar. Thompson, Tarbox and Kennedy
were as fresh at the finish as at the be
i ginning. The pure nlprht air of the valley
]. reserves the vocal organs.
All the veterans said that nothing like
the performance had happened since the
Civil War. Impresario WUson was pro
moted on the lield and nil the other art
wen* breveted for gallantry and
meritorious conduct. The orchestra, un
d.-i the leadership of Mr. Brooks, was
i highly commended,
The theater at the Home was crowded
to its utmost capacity long before 8
o'clock Saturday evening. The elite of
Nitpa Valley Joined tlie veterans In sbow
A SCENE OF DEATH THAT A NATION WILL REVIVE TO-DAY.
TV nin so fur I<■ It is pr.ssib l if tho sol- |
ciVn Masonic rites which markr-d the oh- ;
K.-ijui. - . ■ :i a hundred years
since. As a matter Of course they will far ,
exceed in grandeur ami scope as well as
in number of attendants the simple cere
monies which marked the last .urthly
t riiiu t •■ of th<- little tiar-.'l of Masioti< and
of the small ai • mblage »f fri«-nap to th^ir
kindly neighbor I I, the Immortal
Washington, ■ century ago.
Prom the Brat President McKlnley has
evinced Uw • Interest In the ob
servance <>f this anniversary of Washing- i
ton's death. !!• win be present at Mount i
\^*ition and will be aooorded ■ prominent
j.lace i?i the day's exer«-ls> p. With him
and aa special guests of the Virgin;;! Ma
sons on that day will he the members of
the CaUnei A ipedal Invitation has beea
sent to each member of the House of
Representatives and of the Sennt<\ as
well as to the Judges of the Supreme
court and tin different foreign represent
atives and Bmbassadors now in Washing
ton. a special position on the grounds
will I- ■ these invit<«l guests
. ■ m LI aa tor other distinguished pers'm.s, ;
SUCh as hl^li <'!t'w. rs In the atnn and navy
and offlfiaN of the various executive de- ;
partments, aa well us the families of all
Musons nn*l of all invited guests.
Delegations from the Qrand Lodges of
every State and Territory. a.« w.ll as from
many foreign countries, will attend.
Three lodges will be honored above all
. others in the celebration. These will be:
Alexandria Washington Lodge No. 22. of
which Washington was first inafter and a
'charter member; Predefftcksbovg tVa.)
I Lodge No. 4. Into which he was Initiated;
j and Federal Lodge No. 1, D. of C. which
was present at his funeral and assisted in
the Masonic ceremonies on that day.
The Masonic bodies will proceed to
Mount Vormm In two separate divisions.
The President and his Cabinet will k i to
I Mount Vernon by train under a special
i erlng plaudits on the performers. The
show lasted until 11 o'clock.
The next clay. Sunday, Impresario Wil
son, leading "his Manila ' Minstrels— the
"Century's Cluster <<( Adorable Artists,"
visited the sick ward and the convales
cent ward of the hospital. Songs and
; recitations wen giVen to " refresh and
, cheer the weary and worn. The sick men
manifested their gratitude In many ways.
At a critical moment of the campaign
: the Southern Pacific Railroad distinguish
ed itself for courtesy. It was ascertained
when the column reached Yountville Sat
urday morning that a box of musical In
struments had been shipped by freight
instead of express. Agent Phillips at
Yountvllle promptly used the wires to in
! voice the aid of Freight Traffic Manager
William Sproule. Impresario Wilson also
brought the long distance telephone to
bear on Mr Sproule. The result was that
j the Southern Pacific management located
; the freight car, detached the box and
forwarded the instruments by passenger
' train In time to save the country.
In the handling of commissary supplies
producers and consumers were brought
■ together In the valley. The directors pro
duced the supplies and the minstrels con
sumed them. The outing was a happy one
, all around. The Manila Minstrels have
blazed the way for other representatives
of accomplished society to do something
highly creditable, somewhat novel and al
together enjoyable. The ladies on the
reservation gave a concert at the Home
theater Sunday afternoon, which delight
ed their guests. A little spread given
after the Saturday night performance was
well spoken of by the neighbors.
In recording the achievements of the
outing Uncle George T. Bromley mentions
that the sweetest singers that ever trav
eled sang at one theater. In two railroad
cars, at five stations and on two ferry
boats' In one long symposium of Joy.--
The ballet la underlined. -
Reproduced from Harper's Weakly.
I escort. The Virginia Grand Lodge, along
with the various Virginia lodges. Includ
t in* Frederlcksburg No. -I, and Alexandria
, Washington No. 22. will assemble In full
Masonic costume In Alexandria. These
will be to the number of 1200 or 2000. The
Washington Masons, along with the es
pecially Invited guests, will assemble at
Masonic headquarters' at the Kbbltt
House. Washington, at 140 o'clock. They
' will form In line and march to the river,
' where they will take boats to Mount Ver
non. On their way down the Potomac
they will be Joined at Alexandria by the
Virginia Masonn.
As the proc?y.«ion of boats comes In
j sight It will be saluted by the gunboats
lying off Mount Vernon. Arrived, the va
rious bodies will disembark and the pro
cession will be formed in Masonic order
In columns of twos: the Grand Lodge of
Virginia, the invited guests and the three
lodges to whom especial honor Is being
paid in the rear. Grand Master Duke of
1 Virginia 'will then pass down the two long
lines of Masonic brothers, standing with
bared heads. lie will be followed by the
Grand Lodge, th« invited guests and the
three lodges. The column being formed
thus in Inverse order will proceed as near
ly as may be over the same route fol
lowed by the funeral cortege of Washing
ton 100 years ago. ~\-,: .' ';;
In passing the mansion the President
and his Cabinet will Join the column of
the grand master of Virginia. Thereupon
the column will move to the old vault,
where the grand master of Colorado will
deliver an appropriate uddress. Prayer
and Invocation will be offered by Right
Rev. Bishop A. M. Randolph of Virginia.
The column will then move on to the
tomb In which the body of Washington
vov/ lies.
At the tomb of Washington appropri
ate ceremonies will be performed. The
grand master of Virginia will lead the
way and taiie his position In front of the
FLOOD SAVERS SEEK
A LARGE FOLLOWING
THOUSANDS OF MEMBERS ABE
REQUISITE.
Committee Headed by Chief Justice
Beatty Sets Mark Short of Which
They Will Not Stop.
Chief Justice Beatty, Ernst A. Denicke,
: P. A. Buell, F. S. Rice, W. K. Smythe and
William Thomas have prepared for circu
lation a letter In which they declare that
they will not cease their efforts to se
! cure members for the California Water
and Forest Association until they have
reached the number of 25,000. These gen
tlemen are the membership committee of
; the association. In addition to the an
nouncement cf their intentions concern
Ing the size of the membership they de
sire and think possible they also set forth
a plan of organization work. They pro
pose to establish in every city, town and
village In the State a branch of the as
' sociation, with such organization as such
I branches may determine upon. It Is nec
l essary, they find, that there should be
j 25,000 members, for the money Is needed
and al3o influence as well as membership
fees. Every member of the convention
i of November 14 will be asked to work for
the formation of a branch. When fifty
signatures are secured that will Ix» con
sidered sufficient for the formation of a
locality oiganlzatlon. ■• ■
I Each member of. the association will
_ _ - — ■ _ __. . ,
tomb. At his right hand and In the place
of honor will be President McKlnley.
Still farther to the right the Alexandria
Washington Lodge will be placed. To the
left win bo Frederlcksburg Lodge and Im
mediately In the rear will be Federal
Lodge No. 1. Around th»'Ho and stand
ing to the front of the encircling mem
bers of the order will stand the Master
Mason l of the various Jurisdictions. As
the ceremonies are performed they will
join hands and completely encircle the
tomb of Washington. At the opening of
the services and at their close the Sol
diery present ▼.ill fire the volleys usual
on such occasions, and throughout the
time of th. entire services mlnuti- guns
will boom from the river. After a prayer
by the grand chaplain the grand master
of Virginia will state the purpose of the
assemblage and ask for greetings and re
sponses from the original thirteen States.
When these have been given, he will turn
to the representatives of th.- States from
each section of the country— north, east.
south and west— and ;nk for tributes to
the memory of him whoso name they
celebrate. The responses will be brief and
appropriate. At the close of the ritual,
the grand masters will deposit upon the
tomb evergreen wreaths and the proces
sion will march slowly by the tomb and
perform a like tribute. After the bene*
diction the way will again be to the man
sion.
The Presldont will dattfat the addreaa
which he had pmmlpod to make at the
Mansion House. There are several feat
ures connected with Mr McKlnley*s ad
dress which will characterize it as unique.
It ls expected that the trorda <>f tiie Presi
dent on this occasion will prove perhaps
the master effort of a man who takes no
mean place among the Presidents of
America as an orator.
At the conclusion of the President's ad
dress other orators will address the
assembled multitude. At the conclusion
pay $3 Bi a membership f?e. i n order
that all shall know definitely what will
be done with the. ttrat money to be re
ceived a letter will alao be sent out this
week by the committee on finance «et
tlnjc forth the com-lusions that have been
reached In that direction. Letters have
been r. r.-ived f,,,m J. B. Upplncott of the
United Stat.f Oeologlcal Survey, now en*
gnced in hrdrographle work in this State
and ali«o from tiwoud Mead, the Govern
merit IrrtgaUon expert who is In charge
of the irrigation investigation In Califor
nia for the department of Agriculture
Thps, letters, taken together, define the
nature of the Government work now pro
ceeding in the State In the dlre.tion of
the establishment of reservoirs, ftc and
they will be made the basis of the forth
comlnK communication.
Elw-jod Mead is engaged In the study of
water right problems, and he will have
the assistance of irrigation engineers and
experts and the result will be made th»
basis of recommendations for need
islatlon and for Improvement in methodi
Mr. L.:pptncott is observing the supply of
typical California streams, to ascertain
the available flood waters and also the
summer deficiency; al6o exploring and
surveying for dan sltt-s and making esti
mates of the cost of them; also studying
the underground water supply and
methods of utilizing the name. These ob
servations and explorations and surveys
will be published by the Government and
will be circulated free, or at a very small
price. The funds of the association, above
those necessary for current expenses, will
be devoted to assisting as much as ex
pedient the work of the Government's ex
perts.
Death of a Pioneer.
SriST'N, Dec. 13.— H. C. Bronson. a pio
neer and one 01 the most respected resi
dents of Hulsun Valley, died this morn-
Ing. " Deceased was a Dative of Michigan
and Cl years of age.
of th*>ji» gpsjadMi the Masons will proceed
to Washington by boat
At the suggestion .»f the President th«
Secretaries of War arul <<t the Navy hav#»
placed at the disposal <>f tho»#» In charge
of the exerclsen whatever soldiers and
whatever ships el war there are within
an accessible .!
mormw. \Vhll*> the nld nuinbor and tho
dlFpo^ltlon of thes-<- forces cannot b« stat
ed, enough lOptOSSIIIaUWOS of
branches of the s*r\lr.- will participate to
make an extremely c-redltuble and Impres
sive showing.
In connection with th*» elaborate cere
monies, which will mark the centennial
anniversary of Washington's death, th©
Incidents of his funeral are Interesting.
At an early hour on the day of Wash
ington's funeral. Wednesday, December
16, 1793. the Masonic fraternity under tn»
escort of the military and citizens cf
Alexandria start, for Mount Vernon.
They arrived about 1 o'clock, and »•. i
o'clock In the afternoon the funeral pro
cession, being formed, moved tn th« fol
lowing order: The troops, horse and foot,
the clergy, the general'!* horse with sad
dle, holsters and pistols, led by two
grooms, Cyrus and Wilson. In black; mu
sic; the guard; the pallbearers; the prin
cipal mourners; the corporation of Alex
andria; Alexandria Lodge No. 22; nroolc
Lodge No. 47 of Alexandria and Federal
Lodge No 15 of Washington. D. C
Colonel Deneale was In conn I of »h*
military. The clergy consisted of thi
Revs. Dr. Mulr. Thomas Davis, WiMft.n
Mafntt and W. Dulaney Addison. The poll
bearers were Colonels Charles Elmm*,
Dennis Ramsey. William Payne. c ;■■ vc •»
Ollpln. Philip Mar<«telW and Charles Lit
tle. On arriving at the grave the service*
of the Episcopal church were perform^
by Rev. Thomas Davis, rector of Christ
Church, Alexandria, where Washington
wan a regular communicant during hN
life, and the ceremonies of the Masonlo
fraternity were performed <• Dr. EIIjIm
Cullen Dick, worshipful master of Alex
andria Lodge No. 22, and by Rev. Jamej
Mulr, D.D.. chaplain of the lodge.
— •
LOCAL CELEBRATIONS.
Memorial Services This Evening by
Masonic and Bed Men's Orders.
The memorial service In hrmor of tVi
centennary of th»» drath of George Wash
ington, to be held by the Improved Or
der of Red Men of San Francisco. In Red.
Men's Hall this evening, will be In ac
cordance with a special ritual prepared
for the occasion by the great chiefs of
th* order.
There will be a short Introductory ad
dress by Herman Gutstadt. Ml sachem,
who will bo the master of ceremonies;
the singing of "America" by a quartet;
entry of the chiefs who are to take part
In the ceremonUs; F.D. Ilrandon, eachem;
A. La Holder, senior sagamore; F. H.
Swan, Junior sagamore; George W. Col
lins, prophet: T. R. Roche, first sann«ip;
W. Bell, second sannap; reading of "Th'»
Sparkling Leaf" from the Great Council
by the sachem, who will then make a few
remarks and unveil a bust of Washing
ton. The prophet will offer n. prayer; then
the senior sagamore will place a wreath
of laurel on the head of the Immortal
Washington, after which the Junior saga
more will drape the bust with the Ameri
can (lac.
This will be followed by a recitation of
Drake's "Address to the American Flag";
the singing of the "Battle Hymn of th«
Republic"; appropriate remarks by th«»
sachem; recitation of /J./ J. Whltcomb Rlley's
"Old Glory." and the oration by Benjamin
F. Jossclyn. past great sachem of the
reservation of California. The services
will close, with the singing of the "Star
spangled Banner" by a soloist, the audi
ence Joining In the chorus, and then w'H
follow the bendlctlon by the prophet.
The services will be not only for the mem
bers of the order, but lot the publlo fen -
rally.
The Grand Lodge, F. and A SI.,
of California tome time ago re
ceived an Invitation from A. P..
Courtney, chairman of the executive
committee to the memorial service to bo
held under the auspices of the Grand
Lodge of the State of Virginia at Mouat
Vernon In observance of the centennary
of George Washington's death. The In
vitation requested the presence of th«
grand master and other representative* of
the grand body of California and the por
traits of the grand master and those who
might take part for publication In a sou
venir book. The Invitation was similar to
others extended to other jurisdictions
Grand Master Charles L. Patton found
It impossible to be present and so ad
vised the committee: but United States
Senator George C. Perkins, who is at
present In Washington. D. C. a past
grand master, will represent California"*
Grand Lodge at the service. The Grand
Lodge contributed 1250 toward defraying
the expenses of the event, and the grand
master, as requested, forwarded his
photograph.
After a careful consideration of th*»
subject It was decided that the . Granl
Lodge, whllo recoßnlzlniir that Hears-*
Washington was a prominent Mason. do>
not arrange for any memorial service In
this State, although some of the Grand
Lodges of other States have decided to
do so.
The only Masonic event In connection
with the observance of the day will b-»
by Fidelity Lodge, which will hold a spe
cial service, and an appropriate pro
gramme will be presented./ . -. *
THAT FEELING
OF EXHAUSTION
Is quickly dispelled by Hud van. Hodyan
gives strength, energy, vim. vigor to persona
whose constitutions are letting- down. Hud*
yan cures these symptoms:
i
i FUr. 1 — Headaches.
•' L-JBH *"•«• s— Hollow Eyes.
/J|H Pftj 2— Hallow Ey»«.
Haggard Look. Dot*
t^ i . '
vy j . Pig. J — Coat- 1
J-3 ' Tongue. Offensive
v Drenth.
I— S _J rig. 4 — Pala anl
£5^ Kffigac^ Weakness In Back
W . Em PA j Fig. 5— Trembling of
I o^fS-mKsm ! Limbs. Shaky Knees.
f ■sTrri raftv^ Ankles. Cold ExtrtmT-
t rMBW BsJ Hudyan cares loss
I I OWM '* appetite, loss "f
V_ M*S strenrth. a fsjatini of
Eft **MiMTBFIagj) languor. (Ir»ronJ«ri'-y
•^kw.^^3 anil El '"my forsboi-
=JflOTk^B| Hudyan promptly cor*
xrpPy ,#JasHßBi recta any or?ar.la
33 DPII weakness II ni!v a n
bIHIbShI "r»ngth»n» and uttimi-
=3 sBSBMI late* to perfer-t a. tlv-
S HnM si lts ' th Heart. i*t.^m-
wSg JMBj^BMI ach. Liver. Ki-lnryi.
' Hudyan nulttn n»rvou«
ilrWW^El IrrltaMllfy and tr>ne*
-Iff f f*^=: the »ntlro nervous sys-
JB If
'' 9 5 U ■ ■"■ Hudyan promotes
<H g BOUn'l il'^p. BUrh t\*r?
& MT' as brings health «■ I
r.r J j (p ■ "i" 1 " vla-nr tn the can«ti;u-
r I^l £ -. When ths eosititu-
trr^^T^^l H. " tlnn li trok»n <i»i
jaa^^*^ and th» system devltal-
I I IB^^ lie<l. Hi'lvan corrects
I \tM the evil. Hudyan
f \ I makes rich blood that
I -^L ' nourlnhes every part f f
■ »A the nr»t*m HuJv»->
restores health per*
man«ntl)r.
fiFT HimVAN' From srour s "»s;«ist. sao •
ULI UUUIAn packaee. six packases - tr.r
II M. If your drugxlft '1"«« not keep It. send gj
reel to the HI I'Y \N REMEDY CO.. cor. Stock-
ton. Ellis and Market its.. dan FrancUco. Cal.
Consult Hudyan doctors about
your case— Free of charge, wall
or write*BATTLE WAS FOUGHT
ABOVE THE CLOUDS
General flregorio del Pilar Killed
While Urging on His Filipino
Warriors.
n,^ NI , LA ', D^ C - U - The Allowing 'rtls
patch dated Cervantes. December 5. km
*\. « n r<tC<lvcd from a correspond-.u
vith Major March's batter>" lona -"
-Major March, with Captains Jenklnson
:
Rucker. McClelland and Power and 125
men. it about starting for Bontoc. the
pr.ncipal tovn In the pro\lnce of tbat
name, to the northeast, through on abso
lutely desrlate country and over a moun
tain UfiOQ feet high. He is pursuing Agu.n
aiao, whose escort, now reduced to luty
m«r.. Is known to be there.
"According io the natives. Aguinaldo In
tenus to disguise himself and to take a
circuitous trail toward Uayombong. pi-v
ln«> of N'cuva Vizoaya.
".Major March with 300 men arrived at
rS{SS!!I?n& ° n lhe vV «»»nK of December
i-^ ». -* . Wl ', nty hour " b *M»»«* Agutnaluo.
who had believed he had round an inac
cessible reiuge. on Dumber » the Amer
ican commander had a wonderful lignt :n
m cioud-tnv. Jtiju-d mountain pu.ss 3wu !eet
ai»ovc- the na. completely routing General
Gregono o. i Hiar v force or ivi picked
men in a position almost strong enouj,n
to rival Thermopylae.
"General iimt di.a at the front of nls
men, urginß t,lnn to make a Maud, until
the bail vi a snarpuh.HiUT pierced his
h.ad. H!s followers tried to carry away
th«- body, but were ccmpelleu to lay it
down, rwo oX the American? were kiiled
and were buried t.y t..elr comrad.s where
tney feil. me othem. carrying nine
w-oundcu. camped for the night on top of
the mountain, an eminence of 4nX> itit.
suffering greatly from tho co!d blast.-*. In
the morning they moved down ihe trail
to Dugarjui. where th.y learned that
Ag-uinatdo with a lew men and three
women, all carried i»n litters, borne by
lorrotes. had passed along the same Hall
to Cervantes, where ho was during the
light. A i iniiKr had brought him the news
ot the <!«• vth of his chief or staff, lie was
Bit ally .ifucted and prepared instantly
lor flight.
"Get.er.il Concepeion with six officers.
Who had deserted Agulnaldo. surrendered
wlu-n Major March reached Cayan, prov
ince of L-enanio.
"Arriving at Cervantes Major March**
battalion was without food, except rice.
*. "I 1 . 1 rnl> a S ™ ; * ! 1 supply of ammuni
tion. Maj.ir March secured live day» ra
tior.f. made antaigrments for his sick and
wounded, a:id. having chosen twenty-live
mounted rn«_n and Iw unmounted an.-n. re
►tmi'ii the « l.ase at daybreak."
Mabinl. former Secretary of State In the
£o -called Ulipino Oovi-rrnni-nt and Agul
r.Hliio s ablest advisor, although of late
withdrawn liom official connection with
xn- Insurrection, has been captured by
<.»ejierul Mac Arthur near Rosalies. He
will be brought to Manila. Mablni has
been the leader cf the extreme anti-
American faction.
lieutenant Colonel Howse'i report
thowa definitely that General . Into la
conveying Aitnrtc;.n prisoners north.
l:ruce of the Fir*t Nevada and Edwards
of the Ynrktown were rescued near La
Tare, liowse le rapidly pursuing Tinto
with P« nns battalion of tne Thiriv-th:ru
Infiuitry.
Kcports from I^epanto province show
that It has been cuarcd of insurgent*.
Aguinaldo is a fugitive In the mountains,
without a command.
Major March, probably from Abra prov
in«••. r. ports the destruction of Aguinal
do> biKiypuard and the killing of General
Grvprrlo <i« 1 filar. General Concepcion
tn«i his »ta!T .^urrt-ndired to Major March,
who liberated und w-nt to the eoa.*t 575
h'i>atil»h prisoners, including 150 friars.
M\Oor March's loss was two killed and
r.'.r.e woundfd. *
Th»- lat-st reports show that fifty of the
• !i<-niy were killed and many wounded. :
The Americans also captured 100 prison
ers. 200 riJlor*. several cannon, a quantity
of s>ru\ itJons and some money and re
leased a numlhT of Spanish prisoner*.
Th«* latter report that some American of
jn«rh and Keveral men who had been
taken prisoners wore conveyed from
i^aoag to Tarcova. where General Tinto,
who is wverdjr injured, had arrived. The
navy co-ij>eratcd successfully with the
army's effort* on the e-ast.
In the foregoing advices which have
Ix-en trki.sn-iitt«-«l by Geenral Young th©
dates and locaJJtlrn are indefinite.
:
■
CAPTURE OF MABINI
CAUSES REJOICING
WASHINGTON. Dec. 12,— General Otif
had fomo sttrritiK tiews to report to-d.ij
from Manila, his advices point; trt show
th.-it the Inrtsrirents are. a_s prodlcted a
ADVERTISEMENTS.
csesii Bread
Can't be made by foul hands and dean.
pure blood can't be made by a foul stom-
ach. The blood is made by the stomach
and organs of digestion and nutrition.
sg^ When these
are diseased
JclS they contami
rt j-^w drop of blood
X '-*^i maae from
jjj^^i J&fA x% contami -
r3l P t'i »/*"7"T/'ft^S9 "^ through
*T\M\\lhi&Sl 8««Ie in the
\ WvKif / liver, kidney*.
V V'j 1 ,]■ I heart or lungs
\ v Km A rat c root
X \ 11.I 1 . i rf 'r»i; !■ a/7 Vg| °' tbe disease
— «V V"' - " ' | .ry /M —is in the stotn-
/ mr m '" "^^4.^^ the stomach
/ft** hi r "^--- )Mt/\ and you cure
l_JS*£ jw»^^\the disease.
■ ««I>r. Pierce s
Golden Medical Discovery cures diseases
of the organs of digestion and nutrition
perfectly and permanently. It purifies
the blood, and so by curing the cause of
disease, cures many forms of disease in
organs remote from the stomach.
■ For the past eixteen years 1 lave had torpid
lirer aad indigestion and tried many doctor*
and patent medicines but I could not ret a cure,"
writes Mrs. Simeon Sugg*, of Chrd^. Babioe Par
ish. La. "Three montht ego I thought I would
•rv'Di R. V. Pierces Golden Medical Discovery
ar.d his ' lira* art Pellets.' I sot six bottles of
/•»ich and I received a pood result in a week, and
to-day ; am cured sound and well. The symp-
toms were coated tongue, specks before the eyes,
<ii«:>o*ed to be aud irritable, foul etotnach,
had t«ftr in the mouth, tired feeling, a feeling
of •.d or fear, headache, yellow skin, etc
Tbe?« symptoms did not all appear at once. If
•.Mflrters fiom such troubles will take Doctor
Merer* Golden Medical Discovery and 'Pleas-
ant PelieU • as directed in pamphlets wrapping
bottle* they will bring back the bloom of life at
it did with me."
Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets care bil*
u>u>.r»ca* and sick headache.
g-"- -" J -"- LL " | |
BEECH AM S
t mm mm m Inttltf99tlotl t
> PILLS Conattpxtlon. -
! v OtSatmm^dF sick tlmMdncha.
I 10 cents and 25 cents, st all trot stares. i
few days ago. at the end of their re
sources, from a military point of view,
and are running away before the rapid
advance of the American troops at all
point* His cablegrams were as follows:
"MANILA. Dec. I 3— Fifty men of the
navy and fifty men of the army, trans
ported by the navy, took Laoag on the
10th Inst. General Young, with staff, fol
lowed next day. He reports Howes, with
Perm's battalion of the Thirty
fourth, followed by ■ portion of the Thir
ty-third Infantry, passed north to Fid
dingr. east of Laoag. March's battalion
Of the Thirty-fourth was at Cayan, prov
ince of Lepanto. on the 7th him. The
Third Cavalry was along the coast and In
the ■ pursuing the enemy.
"Young states his extreme northern
force passed «:ver the mountains, driving
the Insurgents under General Tino. wh<>
was badly voun.nd. Killing ttfty an.l
wounding many. He mad.* large captures
<>f rifles aim property, with all insurgent
transportation, and released all the Span
ish prisoners in thai seetlun to the number
of about SOU). Our troops are still pursu
ing the regiment of Tlno'a command. Our
casualties were two wounded.
"Marsh's buitnlion of the Thirty-third
report from Cayan. : epanto province, on
the Mh inst.. that he has destroyed Agui
naliio's body guard, killed General Gre
ir<.rio del Phar. received th<» surrender of
General Concepcion and staff, killed and
wounded Hfty-uvo insurgents, released 573
prisoners, Including 150 friars, and cap
tured considerable property. His loss was
two killod ami nine wounued.
"My information Is that km ilnaldo has
disguised his individuality, abandoned his
tn...ps and is hiding In the province of
Bang •
-MANILA. Dec. 13.— Admiral Watson in
forms me that the province of Cayan sur
rendered unconditionally to Captain Mc-
Call.t of tiie Newark on the lit); inst..
all the arms being surrendered. Major
liatrheld^r Is ninety miles south of Ap
arri. his command in good condition. The
navy will take supplies to R •■ helder in
launches ai once. This surrender doubt
less includes the province of Isabella.
"General Bates, m /.amboanpa, reports
affairs chore as satisfactory. Nearly all
the rifles have been surrendered. Mac-
Arthur, at Bayombong, reports that lie
ho ds as prisoner of war Mabini. the
aliU-st of the insurgents and founder of
the late government."
. The Secretary of War regards the in
formation conveyed In General Otis" Ois
psuches a* the most important that nas
tome to hand for months past. Th« cap
ture of Mabini. reported by MacAnhur
from Bayombong, la especially gratify
ing. It Is believed that the Filipino lead
er was trying to matt? his way across the
country from Hangucd. where he had been
obliged to part company with inaldo
a fortnight ago, to the east coast of
Lttixon.
«« 1 ? C n mci ? be «. of the I>h "'PP«ne commis
sion now In Washington declare without
f™«P'% & at , Mablni "as the head and
front of the insurrection. Aru nald was
only a figurehead. Mabini was the brain
and directing power behind him. He is
a paralytic, an old man. but of extraordi
nary ability, and his counsels are always
conclusive with the Filipinos. He was
concerned in the first uprising against the
Spaniards. For a short time he wavered
upon Aguinaldo's breach with the Ameri
cans, but finally cast his fortunes with
the insurrection and was president of the
council. He was also the financial
strength of the movement, as without his
backing Agulnaldo would have had no
credit.
;*»«** in importance to the capture of
.M.iMni in the developments of the cam
paign was the bold stroke of Captain
Met. <Ula of the Newark In capturing th.»
•"hole province of Cagayan. With Mac-
Arthur holding the province of Isabella
adjoining and Young holding out on the
opposite or western shore of the upper
peninsula, the American forces are now
In technical occupation of the whole
northern end of Luzon from a point Just
north of the gulf of Ungayen. McCallas
post nt the port of Aparri. the only good
port on the northern end of the island
cr.mmands the greater part of the whole
lonsrth of the Klo Grand. ;iffording en
trance »»y boats to a full third of the in
terior of the island. It is up this rive
that Captain McCalla is sending steam
launches, carrying supplies to Major
Uatchrlor.
The latter officer, with a few negro sol
diers of the Twenty-fourth Infantry, has
Just computed one of the most dnrlnir
marrhes • >nnected with the present ram
paiKn. Detachinp his little force from
.MarArthUr a «... auo. he drove straight
through the renter of the Island north
wnrd. loose from his communica
tions and bound to reach Aparri or be
"« or filled in the attempt. Captnln
MeK.allas advice Indicate* that he has
succeeded, belnp now within touch of the
navy on the north shore.
Rates' report from the southern archl-
Iflaco ha_H allayed the apprehension ox
cltt-d for the security of things there
prowinp out of the agitation by the mls
l«^adlns liubllcation of important Insurgent
victories. Altogether the advices con
tained in to-day s dispatches have clven
preat faction to the officials of the
\\ ar Department.
NAVAL OPERATIONS IN
THE LUZON CAMPAIGN
WASHINGTON. Dec 13.-The naval ac
count of the operation!*, of th- ships Jn
the Luzon campaign Is contained In two
cableßrams from Admiral Watson at Ca
vlte. The first r<-ads j>t follows:
•<'A\ ;ti:. Dec. IS -Harwell reports
that the Wheellnß landed a naval force
and a detachment of troops. Kaiser com
manding. sixteen miles north of Laoajr
Northwest Luzon, and attacked the city
yesterday. releasing 1500 Spaniards. Am
holding: at the request of General Young
No casualties. WATSON."
The second cablegram reads:
"CAVITE. Dec -General Tirona
commanding the Filipinos, uncondition
ally surrendered Aparri and Cavagan
provinces to Captain McCalla of the New
ark on the 11th of December. The
L "' and Hel€na are at present In
the river All arms and ammunition were
surrendered. Tirona surrendered from
patriotic motives to Prevent further
bloodshed. He was appointed civil irov
"n2!!.b>' McCalla • U C « to the approval
of Otis. The Helena was dispatched up
the river with stoirs for ftatchellers
tr»ops. ninety mljea south of Aparri The
Ap:irri and Enajana llKhth«.us.-H are
lighted. ' . WATSON."
Oarrat a Los Anpeleno.
LOS ANGELES, Dec U.— Banroel H
Oarrat. mentioned In last nlEhfs dte
patehrs from Manila as General \\)i
iry, and as having baen slashed by
a boloman within sipht of the headquar
tSjTß, Is B ! this city. :ui<! bis
fathir and m(/th<-r aad Iwo brothera r«
hide here. He was a Roach Km. p in
Cuba «nd attracted the attention of Oen
.•ral Wheeler, wh i took him to Manila us
r. lary. He l« onlj 2S years of bj:c
His :■ ire anxious to hear more
of his condition.
Taken From Nature.
Evans' Ale; choicest product of hopflelds*
Found Dead in Bed.
PASADENA. Dec. 11— Mrs. Elizabeth
M. Messmore. who lived with her uaugh
ter and son-in-law at 1 South Hudson ave
nue, this city, was found dead in bed at
7 o'clock this morning by bar 4-year-old
grandchild, who had cone to her room
with the usual morning greeting;, the
child could not awake her grandmother
and called her mother. Death was due
to heart failure, Mrs. sfaaamors was 72
years of age and came from Pennsylva
nia four months ago. ; «".
Condoles With Del Casse.
PARIS. Doc. 13.-The Minister of For
eign Affairs, M. del Casso. has received
a telegram from Lord Salisbury condoling
with him in the recent death of M. del
Casse'a father.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, DECEMBER 14. 1599.
YELLOW FEVER
ON MANY SHIPS
Hard Luck Stories Told
at Astoria.
EDENBALLYMORE'S PLIGHT
CAPTAIN, MATE AND TWO OF
THE CREW SUCCUMB.
Special Dlipatch to The Call.
ASTORIA. Or., Dec. 13.— Nearly all the
vessels of ;hc fall grain fleet now arriv
ing here from Panama report losses at
■ that port from yellow fever. Two Panama
ships, the long overdue St. • Enoch and
the Edenballymore. arrived to-day, the
former late to-night. The crew of tne
Edenballymore has a particularly sad
story to relate, six of her complement
having succumbed to the ravages of the
isthmian rceurge.
The Ed»'nballymore arrived at Panama
i on July 17 and sailed for Astoria on Octo
ber 13. While lying In Panama harbor
twenty of her crew were stricken with
the dreaded disease and of that' number
fix died. The Oral ease broke out aboard
the vessel on August 12. The patient was
a man, who was sent tsboV< for treat
ment. On the ISth he died. Toward the
end of the month Mrs. Way, wife of the
Edenballymorr-'s captain, was taken ill
, and on .September 3 she passed away.
Captain W;.y contracted the disease while
attending Mrs. Way und on September .'•
he. too. «uccumbed. Between August ik
and September 13 three men of the crew
died. Including the mate. There were two
cases of malarial fever on the ship when
the arrived to-day and she was ordered
into quarantine.
The St. Enoch did not get into the har
bor until late to-night, and pending an
l examination of the ship by Quarantine
Officer Hastings no one was permitted to
board or leave the vessel. Hera has been
a remarkable passage. She left Panama
nearly 1W days ago and has been off the
Columbia for four weeks, unable to make
port owing to the gale. Before she ever
reached th« river she was given up by
many, who thought yellow fever had car
ried off her crew. Since arriving off tho
river several vessels have given the St.
Enoch provisions. Doubtless her crew
has a hard luck story to relate, but It will
not come out until to-morrow.
Ten per cent reinsurance had been of
fered on her in San Francisco, and she
proved a good speculation for the brokers
The vessel reported ashore at Loomla
Station last night proved to be the British
ship Craigmore. which arrived this morn
ing. She had a narrow escape from de
struction. Since the wreck of the light
ship two weeks ago vessels have mistaken
the north head light for that of the light
ship, with the result that several ships
have had close calls. The Craigmore was
almost In the breakers when the captain
got his bearings and distress rockets were
rent up. Tim tug Wallula went to the
rescue and towed the ship safely Into the
: harbor.
The German bark Sfnstern had even a
narrower escape than the Craigmore. for
; she was well Into the breakers when as
| sistance reached her. Had the weather
been severe both vessels would now oc
. cupy berths in the ships* graveyard on
i the southwestern coast of Washington.
Leather Goods.
. ..if-xican carved leather, rrrain^d leather,
sf-al and alligator porket books, cigar
cases, billhooks, card rastis. chatelaine
bags and valises All lettered without
charge. Sanborn. Vail & Co . 741 Market •
TEACHER CHARGED
WITH BRUTALITY
New Scandal in Mount
Tamalpais School.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAN ItAFAKL, Dec. 13— If h\* state
mints be true, little Guy Thompson, the
M-rear-oM ?"n of A. R Thompson, a local
merehaat, was the victim of ■ cowardly
and brutal wttawM made upon him >
<Uy l»y Henry Templeton. an aaatotant
• -«. r la the Mount Tamalpals Mlll
ssay, and recaired injur
SUCn a naton that his parents, despite the
Mipplicatlon of Head Ma-icr Arthur
Croaby, haw taken the boy from thf
school Thr angr) 1 classmates of voutik
Thompson not only pave vent to their In
clination by publicly htsatns and hooting
Tfmp'.cton. but have Spread tlie news
throughout the community so thoroughly
that the affair Is the talk of the town and
many other pasents of pupils are likely to
follow the same course in taking their
away from t»i»- school aa <iid the
father •>! young Tbosspson.
It seems thai little Guy was tlolnß a
shoelace in school yesterday and was tohl
by T«-mplet<n to put the string he vras
playing with in his pocket. The boy
[augbed, sad was ordered to stay iii after
school. He <li<l so. whtTcup'>n the teacher
tul«l him to take a seat. Thinking he was
to be reprimanded. Guy seated himself
Pouncing up.. ii him while In that defense
lesa position. T.-mpleton struck him sev
eral hard blows on the bead with his
clenched (Ist. "itittinK hi* teeth In pain,
the buy arose and said, "Stop, you cow-
Angwred beyond meaaure at this
Templeton cramped the boy
and savagely kicked him several times
When the buy left the room ami n
to his classmates what had happened tho
<>uu omlng of Templeton was greeted with
groans and hisses.
Merchant Thompson saw Crosby who
tried to persuade him to keep the affair
'quiet for the good of the school and let
the boy remain until next Wednesday, the
c-nd of the term, but Thompson refused
Rev. Arthur Crosby admitted to-night
that Templeton had punished the boy and
that a fracas had resulted, but said young
Thompson was Incorrigible. He refused*
to permit Temple-ton to be Interviewed
This his friends deny. He has the reputa
tion of being a quiet, peaceable boy, but
had trouble with Templeton a few days
prior to the attack, who called his pupil
at that time a "cad " and a "little rascal."
Two large lumps mark th© spots where
young Thompson was struck on fie head
"I would rather have as little said about
this a_s possible," asserted Mr. Thompson
to-night, "for the least said the soonest
mended."
Th»> military academy has been unpleas
antly l>»-fore the public four times within
eighteen months. I>ast year a pupil who
had bf-vn reprimanded tried to burn the
institution. Then Dr. Crosby was sued
for $400 due on merchandise by R. Magnet;
and later was arrested on a charge of
criminal libel. More trouble arose on
Dcwey day by the boys being allowed only
a half-holiday, but this latest affair has
created more unfavorable comment than
the other three occasions combined.
ROBERT O'GRADY NOT
YET IN HIS GRAVE
MILWAUKEE. Wls.. Dec. 13.— Robert
O'Grady, supposedly dead and burled in a
Chicago cemetery, and on whom Insur
ance had been paid by an Insurance com
pany. Is alive and at present an Inmate
of the National Soldiers' Home In this
city.
The circumstances of the remarkable
case have come to llpht through the
prosecution for fraud of six Chicago per
sons, Including Margaret Sheehan, a
niece of the -ran. by the general coun
sel of the Knlßhts and Ladled of Security.
In- December last a man said to bo
Robert O'Grady died at £37 West Mon'oe
Street. Chicago. His death wan recorded
•and the body was buried In Forest' Home
Cemetery. A Robert O'Grady ,was In
sured In the Illinois Council No. ° 420
of the Knights and Ladles of Security
and when the man at 837 West Monroe
street died the insurance on hi* life was
collected by the officers of the Illinois
Council. j ■•.
The Robert O'Orady who had .>een lo
cated here says he did not know that his
life was insured. .He claims that he never
lived at 837 West Monroe street. Chicago,
where the supposed Robert O'Grady died.
ALLEN IS APPOINTED
SENATOR FROM NEBRASKA
Friends of Hitchcock Blame Bryan and
Say It Is the End of Fusion in
the State.
SENATOR WILLIAM VINChNT ALLEN.
OMAHA. Deo. 13— Governor Poynter to-day named former Senator William
Vincent Allen to the vacant scat in tho I'nlted States Senate to which
the Legislature last winter fleeted the late M. L. Hayward. Republican.
The Governor's action was de. ided largely by the receipt of a talasjraSß
from William J. Bryan at Aubtln, Tex., urgiiiK tiu- appoUltment. The only
serious opposition was that made by th.- friends of (I. If. Efltchcock, editor of
the World-HeraM, a newspaper which more than any other agency helped to
build tip the i>"liU'-al fortunes of Mr. Bryan, particularly prior to his nomination
Mr. Hitchcock resents the action and publishes in the evening edition of his
paper to-Bay .1 card thanking his friends, stating his deep disappointment, and
pays that he feela most keenly the sting of ingratitude, an expression which can
nut refer to »ny Nebraskan politician other than Bryan, because Poynter is
und' r no person.n obligation to Hitchcock. The Demo, rats in the first mo
ments of resentment are free to express the prediction that the turning down of
Mr. Hitch<<>ck will make still wider the breach between the Populist and Dem
ocratic leaders in the State and that the deathblow has beon struck to the fusion
compart in Nebraska.
WILL PUN TO
ABOLISH TRUSTS
Call Issued fora Meeting
in Chicago.
Pp^'in! Dispatrh tn Th* CaH
CHICAGO. Dee. 13.— The executive com
mittee in charge of arrangements for the
proposed national anti-trust conference
to-night Issued an address railing the con
ference to meet in Chicago on the an
niversary of the birthday of Abraham
Lincoln— February 12. 1000.
Th^ call tasn that unli «s the criminal
consptractea in restraint of trade. <«>m
! monly known as trosts, which so alarm
ingly characterize thp present tlnn's. arc
overthrown there will be established in
America a moneyed oligarchy <>n thr- one
hanil and a serfdom ol the maaaet of the
I people on th<- other. The only power
capable of v successfully combating the
tyranny of'these gigantic capitalistic mo- '
■ Dopollea is th> aroused and organised
h.>-ts nf the people, to whom th«- Ciovern
ir.-nt and the country rightfully belong
and in whom all power of right Inheres.
Jn order to nston- the • •«iual rights of,
the people and deliver them from th>'
criminal despotism of these monopolistic
combines it is Imperative thai the special
Crivileges whlrh created and foster them
.• uprooted ami forever destroyed.
This herculean ta*k can only be- accom- '
pllshtMi by the organization of the lover*
of freedom in every part <>( the republic i
and through the persistent and deter- j
mined efforts of a united people.
Patriotic citizens from all Btatea and
Territories duly accredited and in full
sympathy with tlx 1 objects' named ami
representatives of known anti-trust «>r
panixatiui.s ..r>- Invited to t lie conference.
Applications for admission, it in stated,
should be made to thi secretary, i'r.ity
building. Chicago, ai an early date, as
credentials of delegates must bo counter
signed by the chairman of the executive
commtttee. The call is signed by M. 1,.
Lockwood. chiirman. and the other mem
bers of the executive committee. Among
ethers who Joined In the call are: Frnnk
S Monnett. Attorney General. Columbus.
Ohio; Judge M. F. Tulej-. Chicaßn:
Charles A. Towne. Duluth; Senator R. F.
Pettigrew. South Dakota: T. W. Slmms.
M. C, Tennessee: James B. Weaver, Col
fax Iowa; Governor William A. Poynter.
Nebraska; James Hamilton I^ewis, Se
attle. Wash.; Governor Andrew E. Lee.
South Dakota; Senator William E. Ma
son, Illinois: James R. Sovereign. Buffalo :
ex-Mayor McKlsson. Cleveland; Ignatius
Donnelly. Minneapolis; Horace E. Boies,
Jowa; Bolton Hall, New York; E. D. Ben-
Non. Judge Supreme Court. Seattle; C. C.
Cole, ex-chief Justice Supreme Court,
Dos M"lnes, Iowa: William Sulzer. M. <\.
New York: Samuel M. Jones. Mayor of
Toledo: General A. J. Warner, pr-sldftit
American Bimetallic I'nion, Marietta.
l Ohio; L*. O. Sheldon. California: Judgn
! John W Willis. St. Paul: <>x-Qovernor L.
D. Llewellyn. Wichita. Kans; Oeorir.- r
just»T. ex-Lleutenant Governor of Texa.v.
John W. RrHdcnthal. Hank <"ommlssion
' er. Top«-ka. Kans.: Thom;is K. Will, presi
dent ARricultural College. Manhattan.
Kans.; H. H. Swain, professor of political
sconomy. Normal School. Dillon. Mont.:
Ed Boyce, president Western Kcd.ratl >n
of Miners. Butte. Mont., and 500 others.
ITALY DOES NOT WANT
A SLICE OF CHINA
So Her Minister of Foreign Affairs
Declares in the Chamber of
Deputies.
ROME. Dec. 13.— 1n the Chamber of
Deputies to-day the resolution of Slgmor
Barsilar Radical, declaring that the na
tional honor was compromised by the re
call of the Italian warships from China,
was defeated by a vote of 163 to 64.
i'rlor to the vote the Minister of For- I
elgn Affairs. Marquis Visonte Venosta.
declared that there had never been any
New Pass in Rocky Mountains.
.'■ After numerous 'hairbreadth escapes and
many thrllllnr adventures, a party of explor
er* In the Rocky Mountain* stumbled onto a
pan* where they had believed It possible for
non* to extxt. In a like manner, people who
have believed dyspepsia li.curable are agton
►•hwi to find that there Is a # way to health.
Hoi>tetter"« Stomach Bitters used faithfully
make? the digestion utronK. the bowels regular
the liver active. Try It.
negotiations with rhina for the purpose
of obtaining territorial concessions. The
Government, ho explained, had been sim
ply supporting private demands for min
ing concessions, ;m«l the naval demon
stration was mui-h exaggerated
Referring t<> the Tallulah d.a.) lynch
ings (when five Italians were killed by a
m..i> on July V last), the Minister <>t For
eign Affair* <it..t President McKlnley's
ny raage on the subject, which was re
ceived with cheers.
AMERICA IN" THE LEAD.
Progress in the Development of Mili
tary Armament.
WASHINGTON, \><c ML— TIM fortifica
tion board has submitted its annual re
port to the Secretary of War. showing
the progress made during the year In ex
perimentation with weapons of war.
There was a marked Increase in the num
ber of devices designed for air naviga
tion considered during the year.
Bxcelleni results have been obtained in
the development of b satisfactory high
explosive an.i tho rerfectlon of an ap
parently s*f> method t throwing large
diaries of nltro-gelatlne from service
guns. Bs .-• the board:
"It is ih" onininn of the board that we
are now distinctly in advance of the best
experimental progress In this direction
abroad.
Received at the White House.
WASHINGTON. Dec ML— The executive
committee of the Republican League con
cluded its sessions here to-day ;md shortly
before i o'clock v.< members w<t.> r-".
ceived at the White House i>y rim presi
dent. At the final sessions sev« ral resi lv
Uons were offered. «»„.. by Melville Hays
Of Ohio, unanimously adopted, urged th
upbuilding ol th..- American merchant
marine.
Self respect i« on good terms with the
Old Government Whisky. •
Austrian Cabinet Crisis.
VIENNA, Dae. 11— There are uncon
firmed rumors current that the Govern
ment has resigned, or Is about to resign
..11 accouni of the persistent cz.- ( -h ob
structlon.
I \JtsL^ For $ 10 1
I /^^l ll^sl ISrni^ we will make t0 y° ur W
5 /^T^ 1 '' 1 ! ■n^&^Ti ' measure a stylish, dressy fl
I iHi i: '^: '' I ° vepcoa t, '
■ will Jin it ■'I it one thal you will t)e en "
@ l/wj/i/lljl 1 fl I j |\ tirely pleased with in its :
I fl»»/M'L=:-li ' 'In a PP ea ' ranee and the wear ■
b\liK 'ill Itailop=made1 taiIop=made 1
S \' V iV'|^!' ' ' I' I 1!I 1 ! I M overcoats for $io are ex- a
3 w iwi' ! I 1 [^ different from others is our m
6 tl \'< \\ fj^ principle. Our clothing M
1 guaranteed, i
■ liOßi s< N - wood & c 0. ,1
R &' || l^lll I 718 .Market Street and H
E 3% ijj Wli I Corner Powell and Eddy, I
MEXICAN TROOPS
SURPRISE YAQUIS
Indians Are Attacked in
Their Stronghold.
THREE HOURS OF FIGHTING
MANY WARRIORS SLAIN IN
THE CONFLICT.
Special Dispatch to Th^ Call.
AUSTIN*. Tex., Dec. 13. -Information
reaching here to-day from Ortiz. Stute of
Sonora. Mexico, is to li -- effect that fol
lowing the engagement between the main
body of the Yaqui Indians and the Mexi
can soldiers on December 3, reported In
last night's dispatch, there was a second
engagement between these forces on the
evening of December 4.
After «he engagement near Rio Chlco
on the 3d inst. the Indians boat a hasty
retreat to the mountain fastnesses along
the west bar.k of the Popphoglc Hirer,
which Is considered to be their strong
hold. The Mexican forces, fearing th.it
if given a httle time the Indians would
secure reinforcements from in.- roving
bands of Yaquis who were out on depre
catory tours, instituted ■ forced inarch
after the retreating Indians and engaged
th«m in a second battle on the evening of
December 4.
The Indians after the flm surprise de
ployed as usual and opened a tire from
behind rocks and trees, man for man. in
the usual manner. The engagement,
which was quite vigorous while it lasted,
was brought to a cioso by darkness after
about three hours' lighting, and it Is not
known exactly how many Indians were
killed. '
'i be loss among the ' «=.»?• i • Is very
•mall, not excecdina six killed and about
a dozen wounded. The Indians probably
lost twice a3 m.:ny, .is the soldiers sur
prised them at the opening of the engage
ment and fired one or two rounds before
the Indians were sufficiently rallied to get
to cover. During Ibe flrst onslaught -a
dozen or more Indians were seen to falL
Upon the approach of night hostilities
ceased and the soldiers at once retreated
to the open ground along the prairie belt.
Rom their post of observation in the open
urairli; the soldftrs noticed quite a num
ber of signal lire-? burning along the
mountain tops and It was evident the In
dians were summoning scouting parties to
their relief as rapidly as possible. The
reports reaching Ortiz were to the effect
that the Mexican troops would renew the
hostilities at once in the hope of effect
ively exterminating the main body of In
dians before their allies could come to
their assistance.
BITTER ATTACK
ON METHODISM
Assailed by Prohibition
Committeemen.
Special Dispatch to TTi« Pall.
CHICAGO. Dec. 13.— The Prohibition
National Convention will be held In Chi
cago, on June 27 of next year. This was
decided upon at the meeting to-day of the
National Committee of the Prohibi
tion party, held at the Palmer House, at
which twenty-six national committeemen
were present, representing sixteen States.
Chicago Prohibitionists have promised to
pay all the expenses of the convention,
provide a hall with a comfortable seating
capacity of over 10.000 and obtain reduced
railroad rates. It Is the plan to hold the
convention in the Collsseum. now being
erected on the site of the old Llbby
Prison.
A sharp debate took place whlln the
question of time and place of holding the
convention was discussed. Commltt<
Carskadon of West Virginia and Commit
teeman Smith of lowa criticized President
McKinley and the Methodist church. Com
mitteeman Smith asserting that the Meth
odist church was the biggest stumbling
block In he way of the prohibition move
ment in lowa.
The resignation of the national chair
man. Samuel Dickie of Michigan, was
accpted by the committee after consider
able discussion, and O. \V. Stewart,
chairman of the Illinois State committee,
was elected to the position. National
Secretary W. T. Ward well also tendered
his resignation, but the committee re
fused to accept it.
It was reported before the meeting of
the committee that the question of ex
cluding women delegates to the national
convention would be taken up. The ques
tion touched on. however, the sentiment
of the commltteemen apparently being
against any action at the present time.
JUMPS FROM A WINDOW.
Suicide of a Man Who Is Afraid the
Boers Will Win.
NKW YORK, Dae. 13.— Daniel A. Web-
Ir. ail Knglishman. 52 years old. com
mltti-d suicide at hi? home hore to-day by
jumping from the fourth-story wlnd'.v
.1. Daniel, with whom he Hved, said
that bis father wn» made melancholy
from being otii of work, and the news to
day that the English forces wrre suff-rlnir
.-s at the hands of th>- Boers 1
before killing himself the old man .\
t the opinion, "I'm afraid the Boers
will win."
DR. KILMERS SWAMP ROOT.
WHAT IS
THE REASON?
Why is it that you are not equal to
the task nature sets for you t <
Why do you find weakness stealing
over you and growing day by day?
Why that ashy, chalky complexion?
Why that Inability to hold your
urine?
Why th"*.; dtetreastng pains across
your 1
All th-^sc symptoms are unmistakable
nces of kl .bie.
The kidneys, that BMUM the human
enpine of llf.^ move as nature Intended,
are not working ptoptif and ehould
have prompt attention.
If you need a medicine for kidney,
bladder or uric acid trouble, you can
make no mistake by using the famous
new discovery. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
Hoot. It glve3 quick relief, and cures
the most distressing cases.
Hospitals use it In all kinds of cases,
especially severe and urgent ones. Doc-
tors prescribe It freely in their practice
and in their families and use It when
they need ■ kidney and bladder tonic
themselves.
Ten." of thousands of grateful pa-
tients have written to Dr. Kilmer .'. Co..
and the?'? letters have been fashioned
Into a handy volume of ready referenci?,
which should be In every household.
This volume and a sample bottle of
Swamp- Root will be mailed to any
reader of this paper who will send
name and address to Dr. Kilmer £t \20.,
and state th.it he saw this offer In the
San Francisco Dally Call.
If there 13 any doubt In your mind as
to your condition, take from your urine
on arising about two ounces, place It
In a glass or bottle and let It stand
twenty-four hours. If on examination
It Pi milky or cloudy, if then Is a brick-
dust settling or if small particles float
about in it, your kidneys are in need of
immediate attention.
Swamp-Root is for' sale everywhere
in bottles of two sizes and two prices! —
50 cents and $1. Remember the name,
Swamp-Root, and the address. Ding-
hamton, N. Y.
w^a^saU Isart!^' / JaC N
We Beg to Announce That We Are
Exhibiting at
214 POST STREET
A care'ullv selected collection of Euro-
pean and Japan's- pieces of Art, mostly
antique, comprising: Miniatures on Ivory,
Pain;in?s, Illustrated Works, Tapes
Brocades^ Fancy Emorolderies, Ivories.
Bronzes, Wood Carvings, Old Porce-
lains, SworJs, etc.
We cordially invite all ccnnolssr to
call and give our stock a minute inspec-
tion. Vrry respectfully,
ART BIJOU,
214 POST STREET.
mitm-Miir 'tartly HamlBSS
PH RDSQ vu <™> Efficient
roRVr.7 . -Toilet Requisite.
CGMPIISQON eruDt on. and ttfces the
mo tints pi VV e MOM O i PO h d " S#
FLESHY WHITt SoH b^ a " aru «c" tv
DU On <o m'kV- m or sent b y mill« P° st
I Send for free sample
Furniture Buyers
Call and examine mr prices en furniture.
carpets, stoves, etc.. before purchasing else-
where. Ton can save fully 20 per cent by buy-
Ins; hfre. Liberal credit extended to all; %itt
worth of furniture for II per week.
Estimates given on complete nous* furnish*
Ins; from cellar to garret.
T. BRILLIANT,
338-340 POST ST.,
Bet Stockton and Powell.
Opp. Union Square.
Free delivery Oakland. Alameda and Berke-
ley. Open evening*.
♦ •>•••••-••-♦••••»•••»»»••••••
i> The luxury, comfort, convaalaaoee, I
1 1 cuisine and moderate* charges bare I
(i given the #
j| PALACE and
GRAND J
♦ ':•.- ? ♦
1 hotels a reputation that Is known wh*r. •
II ever the English language Is spoken. »
11 Connected by a covered passacsway— #
I MOO rooma— »00 with baths. .
I JOHN C. KTRKPATRICK. Manager. J
iU.Vorroiu IHs «.«<•*- F*illn* Mil
orr. DlmplmMtiaie. etc.. caaead by o»«r-
work and Indiacntiona. Them <ji.m-«/»»
and .mr*4 w reatora Loe«Viullt7 ia eld
or joun«. and t'.t a mv for stodr. boat-
neaa or plaaaara, Prevent laeaaitr »i
OoaaamptloD 1! take* la time. Th.lr
dm anowaimmedlato Improvement and aCerta CTJaVB
where all others fall, laaiat oion ka*ia«tiMg«naia«
Tablets. They ham cured thouaaade aad will
care too. VV« c l»o a poaltif • written ira*raateet* ml-
(art a car* In each case or r*foa<i the maaer Pit*
nil Me P* r ParkactL or rii p«e*a«es If all treat-
BUCISt nMoMforS2.r<Ob/icail.iiipUin wnp;«r.
npon rsfmlpt ofpr.co Circular"
AJAX REMEDY CO." 7 ».«^J?"a."-
For sale In 8. F. by L* ;nlti a Co^ No Per-
cenUge Drug Co.. Owl Drug Co.. S. F.. OaJU 4.
Bg^S DR. HALL'S REIN VIGOR ATOR
MrTib&S Fl*« hundred reward far any
DT^-" can- we cannot cure. This »*cr«t
•S" remedy stops all losses la >*
r\\* hundred reward for any
rase we cannot cure. Thla e*er*t
remedy atope all loaaea la **
■C£3 Hrii hour*, cures Emlaatona. Impo-
IWI CT^TTi licy. \ ancoceie. Gonorrhea,
WH. Uf&A Gleet. Fits. Strtctur**. Loat
taß)t_Jpvl' Manhood an.l all wasting effect*
CT Lt. ' of self-abuce or excesses. Sent
sealed. |2 bottle; 1 bottles. $3; guaranteed t«
cure any case. Ad-Ire*^ HaLLS MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE »S» Broadway. Oakland. Cat Also
for sale at 107JH Market st.. 9. F. All prlTaia
diseases quickly cured. Bead for free book.
34
DEMOCRATS WHO
STAND BY GOLD
Prospective Line-Up in
the House.
tj-fUI I if; at <-h tn TJi» CfcM. .
WASHINGTON. Dec. 13.-The currency
delate In tfcfl House laxt.^d from 11 o'clock
this mornir.fi until 10:30 to-nißht, wijh a
rect** of thriti hours for dinner. The
T<rc£±\.Ti- for time to ppeak continues, as
nioht of the n» mliors desire t<» make con
tribution* to the literature of the occa
sion. Much of it. however, has to be for
borne consumption. There has been very
little « roi«j*-t'.rinc thuj« far and no exciting
or dramatic Incident*. So far .- known
twelve Democrats— eight from New York,
two from Pennsylvania and one each from
, Mainland and Massachusetts— will rote
for the bill.
The FjH-akcrs before the recess to-day
vi To I'ow lcr of New Jersey, Laeey of
lowa. Cu«hm«n of Washington^ Hamilton
of Michipan «nd Burton of Ohio. Repub
licans, ivr the bill, and Hrundlge <>f Ar
kansas-. Wlu«-I.T ol Kentucky, lienton of
Missouri. Fox <>f Mississippi, Tierce of
Tcnm ■»><•• . i>ulz« rof New York, Cowherd
of Mi.s»nurl. Ot«y of Virginia, Galnes of ;
Texas. Democrats; ajid lull of Colorado,
Populist; against It.
The House, adopted a resolution for a
holiday reei bs from Wednesday, Decem
ber 2k, to Wednesday, January 3. Rich
ardson, ihe minority leader, asked that
the House adjourn over to-morr«iw to givo
the members an opportunity to participate
in the Washington memorial exercises,
but l'ayue. th«- majority lender, objected,
t-aynig ovurgu W ash:ngtun. If alive, he
tn. .ught. would t>e in lavor of the House
jirotvttJnijf with the. transaction of ltm
liUMDi SS.
The House met at 11 o'clock. The
51..;,k. r appointed the following commit
tee to join with committees of me Senate
and the lijsirict of Columbia, in preparing
plans lor thf centennial celebration •■! the |
establishment of the seat of government |
in Wfahliitjgton: Csuinun of Illinois, Grout
cf Veimort. Heatwole of Minnesota. Sher
man ot New York. Hemmenway of In- >
dlann. GamMe of South Dakota, Republl- I
can?.; Bail* •>■ of T.-xas. De Vries of Call- !
forma. i'owh* rd of Missouri. Democrats,'
an.l Hell of Colorado, I'opullst.
The debate upon the currency bill was
then resumed. Hell of Colorado* being the '
Jirst Fprhker. Hell Opposrd the bill, d<»
votitiir mm h of his time to an argument
against its banking features.
lirundlgc (D.i < f Arkansas also opposed
the hill, as .lid Wh.cler of Kentucky.
I- owl. r of New J. rsey. who was a mem
ber of. the Hanking ;ind Currency "m.
mlttt.- of the last Congress, said he would
v<>t«' for the bill because of the gold dec
laration in th<- llrst fourt.'en lines, not- I
withstanditiK what followed.
La.ey ol lowa. In supporting the bill,
pai'i he was astounded to hear the pen-
Uematl from Missouri <De Armond) de
dare that the Republican triumph of K.«<3
was won by the purchase of Democratic
votes.
i">.-s mo gentleman contend that Mi -
Hinley could have won without the re
<alritrant t'>ld Democrats?" a*ked livrry
vt Kentucky.
"He w<>n perhaps with the aid of those
•which the gentleman denominates recal-
Htrant gold Democrats." replied Lac«y
•■lut they were not bought or soared."*
»'rocc<iltiß. l.aeey said the Democratic
Buna m the present House cam* from
-N-w I-.ngland. Now York and Maryland.
vfnr«' m«- Chicago platform had been
trampl<«l under foot.
lS«ritou of Missouri Mid he stood with
the Ikmncratir and Populist parties In
the nr\.-r-«ndlng opposition to extending ]
th.' power* of nntinnal banks.
1 <«x of Mississippi argued that the en
artnvnt oj the pending will wo«jM in- I
or»*asr th»- value of all obligations, public '
iiii'i private.
IVnroso «f Ttnnossec snld that although
iin advocate of fre<- silver at 16 to 1 h*
could not Ne* th:»: free coinage of stiver!
vas Involved in the provisions of the '
p« nding measure. It simply proposed to i
tontinut- tin- existing conditions. He read
rr<mi a speech of McKinlcy. when a can
didate In \KH, declaring that there was i
no purpose f> withdraw the greenbacks '
frf.tn circulation, and tn.-n <hail« nged the
other side to deny that tin- sending bill
would in effect impound and retire the
f;r.tnbacks. In tin- course of his remarks
i" dt -nominated Graver Cleveland the '
anh «m my of Mivt-r and of the Demo
cratic party.
"H- p<r\vrted the principles of his
party, . said Penrose. "and prostituted the '
men hUh in its councils with promises
of p< If and power."
The Democrat! greeted this .utterance ,
with applause.
'Burton Of Ohio, in support of the bill,
declared that the adoption of the gold
►tandard by the progressive nations of the '
earth wax inevitable.
HaniJlt.m «t Michigan favored the bill !
Ji«* said the pc-opl«. in iK* had returned ai
verdict MpainM the legislation of value In- !
to n dollar and In favor of a dollar that
<v.uld cross tho oco«n without shrinking
vh< n it came into contact with salt wat.-r
<'ushman of Washington said that the
*"nttm<-nt of his penpl,. was for the gold I
ftandard. Since the inauguration of M<>- |
Klnley. he said, everything had risen— l
commodities, labor, humanity and the flag I
—«vcr\ thing except the Democratic party;
that had Uon steadily going down hill.
lUUignter arid applause.)
Sulr-er of New York, in opposing th« bill,
declared it was dishonest to change the
Cdatncu mad* by the Government with
thn l»>n.i!i..hlers by subnituting "gold" I
for "coin." He announced himself mi- i
equivocally f.,r the Chicago platform, the
i>est platform <>v<r adopted by the Demy I
cratlc parly. < I Hmoeratle applause.) The'
bill. Sulzer said, would create a national *
bank trust. :
Cowherd of Missouri arguM that the bill
would lnevltnl.lv result in the sale of
millions of bonds to secure gold.
After s.>m«- further remarks against the
Mil by Otey f Virginia and Gnines of
Texas, Hill of Connecticut concluded the
day's debate with un elaborate argument
In favor of the gold standard.
Moody of Massachusetts asked unani
mous consent th;it a committee of five bo >
appointed from the House to Join a com
mittee nf three from the Senate to bo
present nt th<» unveiling, on January 18
of tho rtatota of Daniel Webster, present
rd to the city of Washington by Stllson
Hutchlns Bailey nsk^d why the rules
*-hntild »>e suspended to do honor to an
Illustrious American when the House had
JiiM refused to do honor to George Wash- i
ington. the centenr.ary of whom death
x\ as to •■••■• occasion of memorial
exercises to-morrow. He objected.
Thereupon ** r ' : °* r». m. the House re
<<*s<»<l until R lock.
At the night sesflon the feature wan a I
characteristic speech by Llnnev CR.) of
North Carolina, the only Republican who
vmed for the Teller resolution In the
Fifty-fourth Congress, In explanation of
bU change of position In favor of the gold
rtandard. The gold standard had stood
the test of experience, he claimed, and
800 RD'S
/■"CAT ON BARRI:L."\
\ LONLON. ENGLAND. )
OLD TOM, DRY
and SLOE GINS
ORANGE
BITTERS,
I
CHAJU.ES ■■>■■■ * CO..
ACra.TR. an B*cnuaeato at..' 6. F.. Cal. |
had proved Itself the Ideal standard. The
other speaker! were Robinson (D.) of- In
diana. Kleburg (D.) of Texas. Rlxev (D.)
of Virginia, Cooney (D.) of Missouri.
Zenor <D.) of. Indiana. Kitchen (D.) of
North Carolina and Henry (D.) of Texas,
all against the bill.
# At 10:30 the House adjourned until 11
o'clock to-morrow.
GERMANY CONSTRUCTING
MANY SHIPS OF WAR
Kaiser's Government Soon to Double
the Present Size of Its
Navy.
BERLIN. Dec. 13— The whole Govern
ment, from the Emperor down to the
humblest village policeman. Is working
at high pressure, to carry the naval bill.
The semi-otflcial press is dally waging a
vigorous campaign In favor of the mea
sure.
To-day the Inspired Rerlln*r Correspond
enz contains an article treating on the
blockade •j'H'stlon. The surprising state
ment La made to-day that IJmperor vv> -
Ilani himself wrote the recent pamphlet
entitled "Hitter Noth Ist tins Kino Qroaae
rlottc" ('"Our bitter need is a strong
nayy 1 •. an exclamation uttered by his
Majest} in hi* Hamburg speech. Lieu
tenant Commander William H. Behler,
United States naval attache here, is now
translating the pamphlet, and he will
transmit his translation to Washington.
por.Hlng out that Germany is certainly
doubling her fleet, while the United states
Government main* suiiin.-.
.he correspondent of the Associated
Pros was informed at the Navy Depart
meiu to-day that Germany Is now con
structing four battleships— one large
cruiser, four email cruisers and eight tor
pedo boats. She is also Increasing her
yards with a view of building the vessels
ca'.k-<" for by the new bill. The capacity
of the German yards will soon be doubled
and Emden will have a big yard.
DR. MIQUEL DENOUNCES
THE CENTRIST LEADER
Denies That He Has Inflamed the
Kaiser Against the Reichstag
and the People.
BERLIN, Dec. 13.— 1n the Reichstag to
day there was a continuation of the
budget debate. Dr. Yon Mlque.l. the Min
ister of Finance, replied to the criticisms
of the Emperor's Hamburg speech made
by Dr. Lleber. the Centrist leader. He said
the speech had found a patriotic echo in
the hearts of millions of Germans and had
been ■ warning against the excessive
grow th of the power of party politics. The
speaker said he was not responsible for
the speech. This was a case In which th*
hmperor needed no counselor. The navy
bill, as announced, was not beyond the
tlnanctal strength of Germany, and the
t entrusts, he asserted, would ultimately
admit the necessity of it.
Herr Rattler, in'behalf of the National
Liberals, said he hailed with great satis
faction the favorable sentiments of Amer
ica toward Germany, adding:
"Since, however. America formerly went
very far in repressing German Interests. it
is America against whom we must I
strengthen our power."
BUSY DAY AT "THE
GATSCH HOMESTEAD
Triplet Babies, Twin Calves. Litter of
Pig*, Puppies. Kittens, Etc.,
Born All at Once.
AUBURN. Ind.. Dec. " 13.-December 13.
15». will long be remembered at the home
of William Gatseh. a German farmer
living oast of her*. Just over the Ohio
line There was bora on thai farm to-day
triplet babies, twin calves, a litter of pigs.
««Si #* a i »r» r of P u . a- of kittens
ana two lambs.
December II Is the birthday of the old
™ !!i n > £' a f(I,Vf (I ,V" day ts thp thirteenth anni-
H?r P" f ,} h he. c l'"l'P> German's married
in thiS eh ls h , ;tl y and 11rml - v believes
in thirteen a.« a lucky number
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Perkins Presents Protests Against
Jamaican and French Treaties.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 13.-Senator Per
kins to-day introduced a bill providing for
the entry and purchase of coal and oil
lands In Alaska by the Government; also
Mil* Mr th- relief of R. W. Dunbar and
Arthur L,. Fish of San Francisco.
i Senator Perkins to-day presented to the
Senate the protest of the Chambers of
Commerce and Boards of Trade of San
hranclsco. Los Angeles. Oakland and Sac
ra "l e "!°' th.- Win.- Producers Association
of California and various citizens against
the option of both the Jamaican and
trench treaties. He has had printed cop
ies sent to the various Industries of Cali
fornia affected and asked them to return
any criticisms they have to make
Senator Perkins will on Friday night
give a dinner to the California delegation I
in honor of Hon. John D. Spreckels Re
publican National Committeeman. ' The
OuT 1 " la *' place al th# " Metropolitan
Senator Perkins and Representative De
V ries were to-day appointed members of
the special committee to commemorate
the hundredth anniversary of the death
of George Washington.
Pensions for Callfornlans-Orlglnal: An- '
drew P. Mills. Delano. Is; Timothy S. ,
!m ra Nii*«. It; Pa rick Slattery. M.irv-
yllle. JC: Oliver N. Peters. Bakersfleld. X '
Increase-Joseph G. Sweet. Fresno. Ji' to
»i 7; James Barnes Escondldo. $10 to Jl7 "
Oregon-Original: George Pierce. Port
land, M
Washington — Original widows, etc •
Minor of James J. Walker. Seattle. $10-
Jeese M. Hussey. Seattle, $3.
INQUEST AT CAKBONADO.
Little Damage Done Where Zedler's
Lamp Was Found.
TACOMA. Dec. 13.-A Carbonado special
to the Ledger surf; "The Coroner*! in
quiry Into the mam of th*> mine disaster
began In earnest to-day and was in pro
gress at a late hour to-night. The jury
spent th*» f;T>t part of th*> day. until 2
p. m exploring the mine thoroughly un
d«r John Davios 1 guidance, and was ac
companied by State Mine Inspector Owen
A C li LI l w'i Secretary llam»r of the State
Board of Mine Examiners. All concluded
that the greatest damage done wu In the
main gangway, where Rees Jones' body
was .found, although the supposed cause
of the accident, old man Zedler's open
lamp, was found on the fourth crosscut
above and eleven chutes further inward.
So little damage wu apparent where
the open lamp was discovered late Mon
day nicht and so much at the cave-in
where Jones* body was discovered, that It
was made the main subject of questioning
at the !!.';:■ ™
This evening a meeting of represents
tlvca of local civic orders was caUe.l at
the suggestion of W. G. Armstrong rl
clfir Coast representative of the Arnerlr-Tn
Federation of Labor, to plan •yatemaUc
assistance for widows and orphans Arm
strong has wired the Federation in ses
sion at Detroit. Many subscriptions came
In o-.lay net Iw^pn1 w^ pn j. v>l at J WOO was
pledged at tf>-iii(fhfs mating •
All the minors agreed to donate one
day s pay. Hospital committees will take
charge of subscriptions. The Inquest may
be concluded to-morrow. J
BIRD CONVICTED.
First Verdict of Murder in the First
. Degree in Alaska.
PORT TOWNSEND. Dec. 13.-After a
trial lasting six days In the United States
Court at Juneau, Alaska, the Jury after
two hours of deliberation brought In a
verdict of murder In the first degree
against J. Homer Bird. During the Daw
son gold excitement, Bird dcs.rted his
I wife in Now. Orleans, and with Mrs
Nfirma Strong:. Charles Sn»-ffU-r J. h'
liiirjiii and K. H Patterson, started for
unsold Holds.* Mrs. Strong posing as
lilrd> wife. While In- ramp for the win-
LnVtff i Afn:l , k i< Wrd murdered Patterson
ffci.t rlln - ■"« was arrested and taken
nnJ Pl ll ?V. n th( United States cutter 8e.,
! nnd tried m Jim. an Th. evidence of Mrs
Strong convicted him.
Tin. Is the firs' case on record In Alaska
mIEErWK has returned a venllet of
m .rder In th«- flr«-t d<
A iKi*^W. eni . arriving on the steamer
i,; i « K h J* f^'K confirm the report of
J-'lK«; « hurleF fi.imner Johnsons resigna
tion from the Judicial bench of Alaska
» ««r>v<rnor John <;. Brady of Alaska was
rivVn^^" 1 " ,t ntn th ° . Clty of Seattle, ar
i hi. / from the north to-day. He is on
vi'nn" V 2: VnsM^^i to attend a con
wntlon of Governors on December 21 to
| arrange for the proper celebration of the
one hundredth anniversary of the removal
to Ivash.'n.t'o'n 1 . capital from Philadelphia
I to \N ashlngton.
THIS SAN FKAIS CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBEE 14. 1899.
SUCCEEDS BROOKE
AS GOVERNOR GENERAL
Leonard Wood of Santiago Fame Assigned
to Entire Command of the Island
of Cuba.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 13.— 8y direction of the President. Leonard Wood,
major general of volunteers, was to-day assigned to the command of
the division of Cuba, relieving Major General John R. Brooke, U. S. A.
Major General Wood, in addition to his duties as division commander,
will exercise the authority of Military Governor of the island.
On completion of the transfer of the command Major General Brooke is
ordered to repair to this city and report to the adjutant general of the army for
further orders of the Secretary of War. He will be accompanied by his author
ized aids.
In relieving Major General Brooke the President desires to express his high
appreciation of and thanks for the faithful and efficient service rendered by
that officer as Military Governor of Cuba.
Secretary Root said this afternoon that General Brooke had been ordered to
Washington, but beyond that nothing had been settled with regard to his assign
ment. His presence In this city Is desired by the President for the purpose of
securing information in regard .to the actual condition of affairs In Cuba. Al
though Secretary Root would not admit it. the Impression prevails that General
Brooke will be assigned to the command of the military Department of tho-
I^akes, with headquarters at Chicago, a position held by him prior to the out
break of the Spanish war and known to be agreeable to him in every respect.
General Wood called at the War Department this afternoon and personally
thanked Secretary Root for the honor conferred upon him by his selection as Mil
itary Governor of Cuba. He said that he would start for Havana at once and. if
possible, would leave New York City to-morrow.
AGREEMENT WITH
SULTAN OF JOLO
Now in the Hands of the
President.
Ppeoial TMfpatoh to The Crnll.
WASHINGTON, l>ec. I.l.— The following
is th>' text of the agreement between
General Hates and the Sullan of Jolo, bet
ter known ai Urn Jofb treaty, which lias
been pant to the Senate by the President:
1 Agreement bell— n Brindlcr General John C
, HatcH. represent lni? the United States, of the
1 one wrt. «nd his IliEhnesfi. the Sultan of
• Join, the I>«t'» Ilaj&h Muila. the Dato
• Attik. th«? Data CalM and the Dato Joa
kanaln, of the other part, It bclnr un-
I derstood that this aerr-nient will be In
;j full force only when approved by the Gov
. ernor General of the Philippine Islands and
confirmed by the President of the United
ftate*. and will be subject to further modi
fications by the mutual consent of the parties
In Interest. i
Article I. The sovereignty of the United'
: States over the whole archipelago of Jolo and
Its depc-ndencieji ls declared and acknowledged.
Article ii. The United States flag win be
used In the archipelago of Jolo and its de
pendencies en land and sea.
Article 11l The rights and dignities of hl«
■ Hlthn-t.». the Sultan, and his Uatos. shall h •
fully respected; the Moron shall not be Inter
fered with on account of their rellrlon: all
their r<>l!gioui« custom ehall be rf«|*fied and
'Mo one *hall be ;<er»ecuted on account of kin
religion.
Article IV. While the United States may oc
<in > and control such points in the areht-
I r'*laro of Jolo as public Interest * seem to •!••
' mand. encroachment will not be PMde upon
I the land* Immediately about the residence of
' his Hlghneew. the Sultan, unless military ne
cessity requires such occupation In cai^e of war
with a foreign power, and where the property
of Individual* Is taken due compensation will
he made In each case. At person can pur
| rhmi land In the archlpelugo of Jota and hold
j the same by obtaining the consent of the
i Pultan and coming to a satisfactory agreement
, with the owner of the land, and such purchase
' shall Immediately be reptl>-:*r.-<l In the proper
office of the United States Government.
Article V. All trade in domestic products of
the archipelaKO of Jolo, when carried on by the
Sultan and, his people with any part of the
Philippine Islands and when conducted under
th»» American flag, ahall be free, unlimited and
undutlable.
Article VI. The Sultan of Jolo shall he al
lowed to communicate direct with the Governor
General of the Philippine Islands In making
complaint a«uln»t the commanding officer of
Jolo or a*aJni>t any naval commander.
Article VII. The Introduction of firearms and
war material Is forbidden, except under spe
cific authority of the Governor General of the
Philippine [stands
Article VIII. Piracy must he suppressed, and
' the Sultan and his Dal agree to heartily co
operate with th* Untied States authorities to
i that end and to make every possible effort to
arrest and bring to Justice all i>ersons en
gaged In piracy.
Article IX. Where crimes and offenses are
: committed by stores against Moras, the Gov
| ernment of the Sultan will bring to trial and
punishment the criminal* and offender*, who
will be delivered to the Government of the
I Sultan by the United State* authorities If In
i their possession. In all other cases i-ersons
charged with crime* or offenses will he de
' livered to the United State* authorities for
\ trial and punishment.
Article X Any slave In the archipelago of
Jolo ■hall have the rl*ht to purchase freedom
jby paying to the master the usual market
value.
Article XI. In case of any trouble with sub
. jects of the Sultan the American authorities In
j the Island wll 1 be Instructed to make careful
Investigation before resorting to harsh meas
ures, as In most cases certain trouble can thus
be averted.
Article XII. At present American* or for
eigners wishing to go Into the country should
state their wishes to the More authorities and
ask for an escort, but It Is hoped that this
will become unnecessary, as we know each
other better.
Article XIII. The United States will give
full protection to the Sultan and hi* subjects In
case any foreign nation should attempt to Im
pose upon them.
Article 'XIV. The United States will not sell
the Island of Jolo or any other island of the
Joan archlpetaeTO to any foreign nation with
| out the consent of the Sultan of Jolo.
Article XV The United States Government
I will pay the following monthly salaries, Mexi
can dollars To the Bultan, $2Tifl: to I>ato Ilajati
I Muda. I":., to Pato Attlk. $60; to I>ato Calbl.
ITS; to Pnto ' ikanaln. ITI; to Dnto Pujro
! 160; to Dato Amir Hussln. $00; to Hadji Bulu'
tSO; to Hablb Mura. 140; to Serif Sapuln. $15. '
Sirnei In triplicate In English and Sulu. at
Jolo, this 2<Hh day of August, A. I>. IW>3 (Ara
bull Ahll 1317).
J. C. BATES.
Brigadier General U. 6. V.
SULTAN OF JOLO.
DATO RAJAH MUDA.
DATO ATTIK.
T'ATO CALni.
DATO JOAKANAIN'.
AIRLINES FROM THE
EAST TO THE COAST
Commissioner of Railways' Recom
mendations for New Transcon-
tinental Lines.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 13.— The annual
report of the Commission of Railways
states that the increase of surplus assets
over liabilities for 1899 over IS3B for the
twenty-six land-grant and bond-aided
roads ls Ml I I Mfc The report renews last
year's recommendations for a transconti
nental air line railway from Kansas City
to San Diego. Similar routes, the com
mission adds, should be opened between
the cities of Chicago and San Francisco.
Chicago and Seattle. Galveston and San
Diego. He says:
All of th*"** lines would probably not con
more than the 1300.000.000 or $400,000,000 that will
be needed for the construction and equipment
of th* Isthmian canal. They would rive
healthful latitudes that are not to be found on
the Itthmun. k«p our money at home, furnish
rapid transit for all kinds of trade and com
mand a large portion of the va»t commerce of
the world.
Will Go to Coronado.
TOUNGBTOWN, Ohio. n,. o . 13-Mrs.
John A. Logan, widow .if Major Lo
gan, and children, accompanied by her
mother, Mrs. C. H. Andrews, left thin nft
ernoon for Cofonado. Cal., where they will
await the arrival of the remains of Major
Logan from the Philippines.
Old Citizen Dies.
WOODLAND. Dec. 13— Hiram Thomp
son Lewi*, a native of New York and over
«n years of nge. died near Ma<l!s>o n this
morning. Ik- had t.ren a hixhly respected •
resident of this county for many v. in.
Calendars for 1000.
"California Violets," "Golden Popples"
and "California Wild Flowers" are the
most popular calendars for 1900. Price 50c
much. Ranborn. Vail & Co.. 741 Market. • ,
NEGRO ORDERED
OUT OF TOWN
Was Threatened With
Mob Justice.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA BARBARA, Dec. 13.—
"White, a negro, has been givtn until Fri
day morning to leave the city or else suf- i
fer the consequences at the hands of a
number of angry citizens. White is the
negro who has been Inducing young
white girls Into the private rooms of ,
chophouaes and there, with his compan- j
ions, amusing them with music and songs I
and inducing them to drink. For some
time the police have received various re- !
ports of his actions and last Monday
evening he was discovered in his room i
with a l«-year-old white girl named Kemp-
Iyn. It was known that they had been
there for several hours and they con- !
fessed that they had intended to elope, '
but that ;.e had become frightened. It i
has developed that the girl has been Jn
his company very often and that she ha*
a decided liking for him. She comes -.1 a
good family, while he Is the blackest and
one of the lowest negroes in the city. Her
father believes that he drugged her and
has attempted to bring White to Justice
in the courts, but sufficient proof Is "ack-
Ing.
Indignation Is running high and this af- '
ternoon ncr father, with several others,
met \\ hite and pave him forty-eight hours
to leave the city. hit.- was only too
pleased to get off so easily and has de-
Parted. The community haH determined
to rid Itself of a number of worth
less negroes who have come In lately and
steps will be taken to clear the cltv .»f
them. A Mumber of burglaries commit
ted during :he last month are being traced
to a nest of them, who Frequent several
low restaurants and saloons. -
OBJECT TO FERRY SLIPS.
SAN RAFAEL. Dec. 13.-The action of
the Hoard of Harbor Commissioners in
relegating the boats of the California
Northwestern Railway and the North Pa
rifle Coast Railway lines to ramshackle
sheds north of the new ferry building In
ban Francl.-co has met with a strong pro
test from citizens of Marin County.
Next Monday l ' JV ;'»fnp an indignation
meeting will be hold In the opera-house,
at which representatives of the I ir-.-r
town* of the county will he present.
Resolutions wll be adopted asking the
Harbor Commissioners to rescind their
action. It li stated that the narrow pause
alone carried ■ million people over its
lines last summer.
National Guard Promotions.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. 13.-Joseph Barrow
has ben promotrd from second to first
lieutenant in Company D. National
Guard. Eugene Smith was elected second
lieutenant.
I Direct from mill to man. 1
JL^ll CLL 11 UIII 111111 LU illclO* 1
Overcoats, "Top" Coats, Ulsters at— well, $10 to $25. In itself that If
til means nothing; so we add: the range of prices in a retail store for the same 11
HI garments is $12.^0 to $3^. At tailors', $18 to £40 (or even $^o). ,11
IU We show you an assortment such as only a large wholesale house can PI
em We fit the hard-to-fit; yes, and we suit the hard-to-suit. Hi
■ Wholesale Manu- |#| Viil |I ww 1 2 I st l 23 ny
WITNESSES HEARD
AGAINST ROBERTS
9
Polygamous Status of
the Mormon.
»
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 13.— The commit
tee of the House of Representatives which
is investigating the case of Roberts of
Utah began the examination of witnesses
at 10:30 to-day. A large number of spec
tators were present, including many la
dles. Roberts occupied a seat at the foot
of the committee table, while flanking
him was the delegation of Gentiles— X.v.
Dr. Illff, Schroeder. and others— here to
direct the attention of Congress to the
member-elect.
When Chairman Tnyler of Ohio called
the committee to order and asked what
witness.-* would 1,,- heard Roberts arose
and asked to be informed as to his status
before the committee. He made a short
statement in line with his belief, which
has already been published.
Taylor responded that all of Roberts'
rights had been fully looked after and
protected and there was no proper ques
tion which had not been raised.
Tayler then asked Schroeder what wit
nesses he would call.
"Does .his man appear as attorney?"
asked Roberts.
"He will examine witnesses," explained
Tayler.
"Then I wish to Introduce the court rec
ord relating to him," said Roberts
Tayler .-..id this had already been parsed
on Saturday and Schroeder had been rec
ognised.
Charles Austin Owen was then called.
»Ie gave his residence as Salt Lake CUy.
In response to questions by Schroeder lie
■aid ho knew the general reputation In
bait l,ake City of the status ot "Dr. Mag
gie C. Shipp Roberts." The witness i.id
that the general reputation of the status
of Roberts and Dr. Maggie C. Shipp Roo
erts was that they maintained the rela
tion of husband and wlie. While he
questions were being nut as to Mrs. Mag
gie Roberts, Roberts interrupted with the
objection: •
"What this lady may have done Is im
material in the absence of any showing
that it was at the direction of IS. H. Rob
erts. ,
Schroeder said later testimony would
"i l^ out the materiality of the questions
and Taylor ruled that the competency of
the questions could be Judged by the sub
sequent testimony. The witness was then
cross-examined by Roberts, whose ques
i tions brought out that the witness had
no personal knowledge as to Mrs. Maggie
Roberts or Roberts based on talks with
them, but his information was general
j and of common repute.
"I want to know," said Roberts, "If the
general reputation you have been testify
, ing to obtains since March 4. ISVJ."
"It does."
"And what is that reputation?"
"That Maggie C. Shipp Roberts is the
plural or polygamous wife of Brighara H.
Roberts." , •■ - .-.,.;
"On what acts in this general reputation :
based?" inquired Roberts. ;
"No specific acts, but generally accepted
reputation," responded Owen.
There was considerable testimony on
court prosecutions throughout the State
on which the witness had Information.
As his evidence dosed Roberts asked m
have all this testimony struck from the,
record, as the witness was unable to tes
tify to his own knowledge. The chairman
permitted the testimony to stand.
Arthur McKwen of the Philadelphia
North American was examined as to a
recent Interview with Roberts, signed by
ll m (McEwenj. In this Roberts spoke of
his 'wives." referring to them as "good
and true women," toward whom obliga
tions had been incurred prior to the en
actment of the polygamy law.
"Wan not this conversation in reference
to general conditions?" asked Roberts
•on. no, .vir. Roberts." answered the
witness, directly addressing his interro
gator, "You spoke of general conditions
and used your own case to Illustrate."
Captain Ellas H. Parsons of the Quar
termaster Department. U. S. A., testified i
to an Incident occurring in 1S1«6. while he
was in Salt Lake City. About Sam i
some one asked him to call up on his
telephone Dr. Haggle C. Shipp Roberts
On going to th.- telephone and calling up*
the house a man's voice answered
"Who Is this?" Captain Parsons' asked !
over the telephone.
"B. 11. Roberts." was the reply.
On cross-examination Roberts asked*
"Do you know M. H. Roberts' voice?"
"I do not."
"Did the answer over the telephone say
'Brtgham 11. Roberts?' " |
"No, simply B. 11. Roberts." \
"Is th.re not a Bolivar Roberts In Salt '
Lake ( 1 1 y . "
"Yes, but I would know Bolivar Roberts'
voice at any time, and it was not his "
Roberts said he would later ask to have
this testimony stricken out as irrelevant
and not on personal knowledge
Rev. Dr. Illft. a Methodist missionary of
Utah, testified that the general reputa
tion as to the status of Cella Dibble Rob- i
crts was that she was the plural wife
of Brigham H. Roberts. ■; '
On cross-examination Roberts Bought to
dhow that Dr. Iliff was hostile to the Mor
mons, the witness stating that his hos
tility was to the polygamous feature or
Mormonlsm. .' .
Dr. Illft went into the historical fea
tures of the content against polygamy, tno
Utah Constitutional Convention, the atti
tude of Governor Wells and the \\ ells-
Roberts discussion on polygamy. £>r.
IMff denied that there had been an inten
tional withholding of prosecution in Li »n
in order to get up a propaganda in the
Kast and thus increase the contributions
for missionary work.
Rev. W. G. Martin, a Presbyterian min
ister of Manti. Utah, testified as to the
reputation of polygamous status or
Celia Dibble Roberts and Dr. Margaret C.
Shipp Roberts toward Hrigham li. Rob
erts. He saw statements to this effect In
the Salt Lake City papers and heard of no
denials. The polygamous status of Rob
erta was a matter of common repute. It
was reputed thai twins had been born to
Celia Dibble Roberts.
Schroeder stated that was all the evi
dence nt hand until witnesses arrived
from Utah.
Roberts said <x-l'nlted States Senator
Drown, a non-Mormon and a member of
the Republican organization of Utah, was
In town and could furnish Information on
general conditions In Utah; also D. C
Dunbar. clerk of the court at Salt Lake
City, and Mr. Glass Of that city.
Chairman Taylor said the inquiry would
be confined to matters affecting Roberts
and the broad Held of general conditions
In Utah would not be entered at present.
At 1 o'clock the committee went Into exec
utive session prior to adjourning for the
day.
In the course of the hearing Tayle»r said
to Roberts that the hitter's demurrer had
been overruled, all questions being taken
into consideration for determination later.
MRS MOLINEUX'S NAME
DRAGGED INTO THE TRIAL
Merchant Holt's Testimony the Feat
ure of the Day in the Murder
Case.
NEW YORK Dec. 13.— 1n th trial of
Roland B. Mollneux. charged with the
murder of Mrs. Katherine J. Adam.*, the
direct examination of Handwriting Expert
William J. Kinsley was concluded. The ;
proceedings were enlivened by the ap
pearance as a witness of Robert Stephen
Holt, a flour merchant. It was during the |
examination of this witness that the name
of the wife of Molineux was dragged Into '
the trial for the first time.
Mr Holt had testified that the late Hen
ry C. Barnet. who died at the Knicker
bocker Athletic Club about a year ago.
was also connected with the firm of Holt
& Co.; had identified certain letters as be
ing In the handwriting: of the deceased.
a , nd . u on cross-examination by Mr.
Weeks had testified that a lady from out
Of town had called upon him at his Lex
ington avenue residence some time in No
vember.
The object of this particular line of
cross-questioning evidently puzzled As- |
sistant District Attorney Osborne. for he
Immediately seized the opportunity to ex
amine the witness about Mrs. Molineux '
Mr. Holt said that he had known her
when she was Blanche Chesebrough: that !
he had met her several times at the
Knickerbocker Athletic Club. In reply to
Mr. Osbornc's questions the witness testi
fied that on one occasion ho had been in '
Barnets room at the club when Miss
ChesebrotiKh . was there. The witness,
Barnet, Miss Chesebrough and another
woman had been attending an entertain- !
ment at the club and had visited Barnet's
room. Barnet and Miss Chesebrough re- |
mained In the rooms alone together.
The witness remembered that there was
part of a bottle of champ. on the table
when he was there.
FIRED AT A COW AND
KILLED HIS FRIEND 1
Peculiar Accident Which Resulted in
the Death of Alexander
Clark.
TACOIfA, Dec. 13.— Alexander Clark*,
an Englishman, 30 years old, was Instant,
ly killed at Steveston this mornln*. He
was a highly educated, aristocratic Brit
on, who came to British Columbia to!
learn ranching. He was holding a cow be
longing to H. Webber, a butcher, which !
was about to b« slaugntered by Clarke's
friend. Paul Jones. Jones shouted" to '
Clarke to stand ready and. raising ins I
rifle to his shoulder, took careful aim and
fired. The same Instant the cow, prob- 1
ably wondering what It was all about, :
turned head slowly toward Clarke. Al
though the unfortunate Englishman was
five feet away, the bullet, after strik'r.g
the cow's forehead, glanced off and pene- '
trated Clarke's temple, killing him In
ptantly. Coroner McGulgan will hold an
Inquest, but there Is no doubt the killing
was accidental.
Nevadans Wedded.
SAX RAFAEL. Dee. 13.— A. Belknap
and Miss I. Rrule of Carson City. Nov.,
secured n licence from Clerk Graham and
wero married by Judge Gardiner. Tliey
assigned as their reasons for coming no
far to be wedded that they wished to
avoid publicity.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DOCTOR |
MEYERS & CO.
GIVE MEN
Lasting Vigor
And Cure the Following Ailments :
Kidney Diseases jLost Manhcod
Bladd-r Diseases | Sleeplessness
Liver Diseases i Despond* ncy
Heart Diseases Nervous Debility
Spine Disease* General Debility
Stomach Diseases Loss of M- mory
Private Diseases IB ood Poson
DR. Mall BUI A •• I conduct tV
largest and best equipped medical In-
stitution and have the mint exter.str*
practice In the world. They avoid th-
us* of all mineral, pnlsnnmi* or ■•«■»-
ous drug* and electric belts. AM their
remedies are carefully con-prmndil
ir'ini the extracts of buds. bark, berries.
Kums, rootn. leaves, plant*. »ir.. in
their private laboratory, without ■■•«t ti
their patlenta.
No Incurable Cases Taken.
PAY WHEN CURED
Tatlents may deposit the prfew of ■
cure In any San Franrl»<... bank. to be
paid only after they are well, or may
pay In monthly Installment*. Prices
reasonable. No Injurious medicines
U/V\ENU /V\EN ONLY. !
PR METEItS A CO. are the only
specialists on the Pacific ■ Coast win :
cure diseases and weakness of men ex-
clusively.
home ci/ives boon. |
Thousands of men are cured at horn* ',
every year. If you cannot visit San
Franciaro. write for free private book,
advice. Question list, etc.* All corre-
spondence confidential. • • .
No prlntlnic on envelope* or packages
to Indicate name of sender. '
DR. MEYERS & CO.
73f MAKHE.T ST., b. W.
Take Elevator to Third Floor.
I Dally. » to 5.
HOIRB. i Evenings, 1 to 8.
I Sundays. 1 to U.
OCEAN TRAVEL
&jBtQIT via Honolulu *r. 1
C* s *"** Auckland for Sydney
~^^«_ Wednesday. D«c. 17.
itMntMiiDv Tn " 8 "*• Australia
s.^f ri v ""£ n,n ,° vf Y 1 th * Wort * «■ 'lawall.
Samoa New Zealand. Australia. India. 3u»i
England, etc.; $Jio first cUrni ' ' °"' BU -"«
Pacific Coasl Steamship Co
H^^ Steamers leave Broadway
'tfflU^^ wharf, Sin Francisco:
IKVm^. I '" or Alaskan p.rtJ. Hum.
< irTs^Pl r *' • i: - ::. IT - Jan I. char. - ,
I Im^i TTI to " m an y* steamers \t '
I f^BpbtSrai * **<" Victoria. Vancouver, '
' r^^*ggfcM 111 «•». Port Tnwnwr.d, P.-
att>. Tacoma. Everett. An-
cortes and New What
(Wash.). 11 ) ■». m . Dec. IT,
22 27 Jan. 1. and every fifth day thereafter:
change at Feattie to thin company** «(»rirr»'«
for A!a»ka and O. N. R) ; at Taroma. to N. P.
H'y.: at Vancouver to C. P. Railway
For Eureka (llumboldt nay). 2 p. nv. D»«-. TV
20 25. *» Jan 4. and every fifth day thereafter.
For Santa <Tu*. Monterey. San Rimeon. rayu.
con Port Harford (Kan Lut« Obt»po). Oavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. Han Pedrt\
Eait Sun Pedro «I^« An«»l»>»t and Newport. J
a m Dec. 14. 1». 22. 2«. *>. Jan. 1. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Pan Dle«jo. utopplnit only at Port liar-
• Pan t'l»«' ••■■•ppln* •' Pr»P -r» !{■-•
ford <San Lv!» Oblspo). Hanta Barbara. Port
Lr» Angelas and H*dondo tl*o» AnitelM). '1 •
m., Dec. 16. 20. U. Ml, Jan. 1. and every fourth
day thereafter." m
For Fni^na.U. Ma*dalena nay. fan J<w ■i-i
•"•ah.. Mazatlan. Altata. L^Pas. Ban»a Ro«all»
and Ouayroas (Mex.). • a. m.. 7th of each
"For 'further Information obtain company"*
Th« company reserves the rtKht in chance
without previous notice tteamers. Mlitnc datei
ar/i hour* of aalllnr.
TICKET OFFICE —4 New Mont*rnn»ry
•trret (Palace Hotel).
COODALU PEUKINS * CO.. Gen A»t«..
10 Market »t.. San FVanri»rf».
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
' DISPATCH FAST f3TEAMER3 TO
PORTLAND -.1*
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a m.
CADC ••* First Ct««« Including BertH
lAnt 83 Second ClaM md M-«ia.
Ftat* of California. . kill Dec. 4. 14. 24. Jan. 1
Columbia Sail. t>^». H 23. Jan «
Short Unc to Walla Walla. Spokane. Dutte.
Helena an. l to all p*Hnt» In th« Northwest.
Through ticket* to all P"lntj> Ea«t.
E. C WARD. Oeneral A tent.
On Market at.
GOODALU PERKINS * CO..
Bup*rlnt»nil*nu.
AMERICAN LINE.
nw TORI. SOUTIAMrTOX. LONDOII. PAUI
Stepping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Every Wednesday. 19 a. tn
RC Paul Dec. 27' St. Paul Jan. IT
New York. Jan. 1 New York Jan. 24
■ Louis Jan. 10 St. LouU Jan. tt
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
' From New Tork Every Wednesday. 13 noon.
Southward Dee. 20 Noordland Jan. 1«
Westernland ...Dec. 27 Ararat* Jan. 17
Kensington Jan. 3 Frtesl.tml Jan. .»
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
pnMince apply to
\\TI"NV T NAVHJATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery st.. or any of It* agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
QTEAMER9 WILL i-r.WK WHAOT. CO»- A
ncr of First and Brannan streets. i r m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling »•
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai. ant
connecting at Hcngkong with steamers tor
India, etc. So cargo received in board on day
of falling.
AMERICA MART Thursday. Dec 21
HONGKONG MARL* Tuesday. Jan. H
NIPPON MAIH Friday. Feb. i
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rate* Tor
freight and passage apply at company's oObMl
421 Market street, corner First. »*^".
W. 11. AVERT. General Agent.
COMPA9RII GIRIRALI TRASiATLASTIQOI
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARI3. -«_
H*lUng every Thursday Instead at <3T/ffT>
Haturday. froui November :. ,j., at V I M#^«JJC
10 a. m. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton st. LA NORMANDIE. Nov. 11-LA
OASCOGNE^ Nov 23; L,\ TOCRAINE. No*
Havre. . ""ETAONE. Dec. 7. Flr»t-cla»a to
Havre. ISO and upward: a per cent reduction en
round trip. Second-class to Havr*. S » per
cent reduction on round trip. OENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND c"v.
ADA. J2 Rrcadwajr (Hudaon bclWlng) s>w
York J i£- FUOAZI #CO PaTinc Co.«
Agfnt.i. » Montgomery av»..- Pan Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER BTEAMER&
FOR U. S. NAYY-YABD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Monttcatle."
|.£No L *? dl Te.eXn 0 .%,n U^ n-n -^ tTWO IMPORTANT GATHERINGS FOR CALIFORNIA.
CITY OFFICIALS MEET
IN ANNUAL CONVENTION
Representatives From All Sections of the State
Get Together to Discuss Methods for
Municipal Improvement
MAYOR SNOW OF OAKLAND ADDRESSES THE CONVENTION.
TM nlclpal
■
■
.
I
i
■
I ■
r this
■
The convention. Judging from the seri
ous purpose already manifested and the
subjects otitlin« d for discussion, will be
full of Interest for every hour of the two
Cuyn remaining to it before It adjourns
to take on Friday night the trolley-ride
view of Kan Francisco, to which it has
Veen Invited by Mayor I'helan. The future
cf the league arid tho work In contempla
tion by It. street Improvement, sewerage
problem*, ownership and operation of
Water, gas and electric works, licenses
and needed municipal legislation on all
lines are before the body for discussion.
At yesterday's net si on it had submitted to
it by the Mayors of Oakland. Los Angeles
end this city the lessons leaf lied by actual
«-xpcrience and at much and little cost In
the thr«-e principal cities of the. State.
Mayor I'helan spoke with satisfaction of
the' growth of th«* Uague, and pointed out
Ihe advantages To be gained by each mu
nicipality by exchange, of ideas, as is only
tioFrihle through membership In the
lejjrae. with the others. He gave the
delegates a brief history of the tight for
Fan Francisco's new charter and enlight
ened them concerning th«* plans for parks.
f-rhonlhounc* and hospitals, which would
Ik- tiullt in the cv« nt of a victory at the
tioll* for the bond issu«». He paid a tribute
to Oakland and Lox Angeles and their
prhor.ls. haying they were far ahead of
this city In that respect.
Incidentally Mayor Phelan gave tongue
to a few words freighted with import for
Fan Franelfco in that they Indicated that
h'.s Honor had given Mm" serious thought
to a plan to license nlckcl-in-t he-slot tele
tihoncx and to a movement to Increase the
fresent license fee to retail liquor dealers.
Mayor Snow of Oakland eoms>!lmented
Fan Francisco on Its improved park pros
pects finding oeeaHon to take a gentle
r.tj' ft "a certain city not morn than K«0
miles away" which had neglected the ad
v. -image* afforded by !.nke Merrltt and
Its vicinity for a magnificent park.
Mayor Katon of Ix»s Angeles, who
known a thing or two about police by
reason of the recent departmental up
fceavnls In his own city, took occasion to
tuy that the police pension law should be
MUNICIPALITIES PUT HEADS TOGETHER FOR THE COMMON WEAL
He i of opinion I
private snap. ih<- law
really having 1
w ;>h Hutchlngitof th< :
of Trust
• l<rk ■>[ Alan B ■ rvlsor
II .1 S- !l .if
;
try H.
A Ml - ira.
■illng th.- tton l rder J
ri.-r t,i.-t >l
m th<- Timt- ■■!
ganlsatlon s >>-ar :<pi in the same hall
with b membervhip t>. It^. ;
growth, takinc in m<ir<' tn:cn one-third <>f
ite.
"The progress made by the league dur
ing that year." he said, "has been satis
factory. In addition to th« growth In
membership, much good has been accom
plished otherwise. At a convention of the
league at Sacramento thirty-eight hills
were submitted and eleven were agreed
to. These eleven received the appro of
the legislature nnd are now statutes; and
I suppose are working great good to the
municipalities affected "
Mayor referred t>< the coming bond
! th< !nij>r'.\ ement ; t" be •
n lh«- iiark
of .< I
■ • :;ia'tei of j.;irks." h«- said, "we
rely tn;st ih.it iln- municipalities >if
California will f..ii..w u^ we oonslder
that park* •< touch of beaut}' to ■
»hat Is compound ordinarily <>f
•■ •■^. hard-vliiage<] houses, piison
■
h of nature we will
i chain* d to tl • sdltlons ■<(
metropolitan •■> ! never be able
environment."
Mayor Phelan concluded by calling at
tention to the importance to all munici
palities ■'. the question of revenue i.ix.i
tion.
"I'nder the new charter," he said, "JIOO.
00ft we used to get In the way of revenue
from licenses h:ts been cut off. How Is
that to be made up? It may be done In
part by licensing nlekH-ln-the-slot ma
. nines— It Is Faid there, are more than 10.
(nK» of them in the city. A license upon
each of them of a dollar ■ quarter would
proual>ly raise between $40,uu0 and $50,000
a year.
"It may be that our liquor license Is too
low. I know the Interior cities have higher
licenses. Ours li 121 a quarter. In Los
Aiice!«-s it Is JiViO a year."
Mayor Phelan was loudly applauded as
he took his seat.
The following delegates then answered
the roll call:
Alameda— Hen F. Lamborn. City
Clerk.
Berkeles M. !.. Hanscom. ntv
Chlco— Guy H. Kennedy, <"ity Attor
nf-y.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 14, IS<>9.
Fresno— Joseph Spinney. John C.
Moore and Taylor. Albln. Trustee*.
Los Angeles — Fred Eaton. Mayor.
Martinez W. A. Hale, president of
the Hoard ••( Trustees.
Merced— W. H. Turner (president).
I' K. Btoddard. R. Bancroft and John
Reneimighaus, Trust* i
Modesto— M. I. Sorenson. president of
the Hoard of Trustees.
Oakland H. W. Snow. Mayor; Z. T.
Oil]. in. Tax Collector.
I'alo Alto— Joseph Hutchlnson, presi
dent of •'•■ Hoard of Trustees.
Redding— Carl W. Brlggs. Trustee;
Kugene g. Watson, City Attorney.
San Leandro— J. M. Franks, attor
ney.
San Mateo— C. N. Morse. Trustee:
Charles N. KlrkbrMe. attorney.
Sausallto— H. J. Crumpton; Trustee.
Santa Clara— D. O. I) ruff el. president
of tht. Hoard of Trustees; H. A May-
Bon. Clerk.
.Santa ltosa— G. R. Lewis and R. F.
Robertson.
Secretary Mason's report of the. condi
tion of the league was read and received.
City Clerk Lamborn of Alameda. State
organizer of the league, announced that
he had visited sixty-four cities of Cali
fornia In the Interest of the organization,
principally In the line of prevailing upon
them to Join the league and contribute
financial support. Most of the people
whom he approached upon the subject
looked upon It at first as a political prop
osition, and it took considerable explain
ing on hi* part to set them straight
However, he said, since he had Rot the
cities educated up to the benefits and oh.
Jects of the league they could not bo kept
from joining.
Mayor Snow of Oakland followed with
a paper on "The Future Work of the
League." In part he. said:
There Is need of the l<>!i«u». The muni
cipal officer* of this State need It I do
not know how It ik in every cub*, but to
be an officer iii many cities Is to have
honor mixed with opprobrium. The loud
election-day acclaim la i>oon changed to
looks of vexation and surprise. st hI wart
advocates of reform, but with an eye to
the Tin: in chance, are often disappointed
and BOOH ■USIIIII the rank* of the po
litical opposition, wishing for and prophe
pylnK th- early downfall of the admlnls
tratlon. There Is atrenirth and. satisfac
tion In the consciousness of duty done,
i.vi the municipal ofllcer needs more up
lift than this to counterbalance the down
pull of the jealous and disappointed. He
needs the strength that comes to every
man by contact with men of like pur
pose*. He needs tliHr support. He needs
to know what they know.
The problem of city government is con- '
• fined to no single city. The experience of
••ach and every municipality in our own
State Is of especial Interest to us all aa
municipal officers. Samuel Johnson said:
"Knowledge is of two kinds. We know a
subject ourselves or we know where we
' can find Information upon It." Few of
us. it any. have been trained In the work
which we have b«en chosen to perform.
We actually know but little about it.
Where shall we get ■ reliable information
upon It? You know that It Is not uncom
mon to receive a return postal card from
tome sister city setting forth the fact
that the Inquirer finds himself Ignorant,
and almost pathetically begging you. with
300 or 400 others, to tell him upon a postal
card, half as big as your hand, what you
know. I have never tried this, but it must
be pitifully slow and unsatisfactory. To
get even a pa— bit Idea of city govern
ment during one's usually short term of
office In next to Impossible. There Is need
of a clearlns-house of Information; a place
of exchange. There may be a storehouse
i if book ami pamphlet under the same roof
Tor reply to letter and urgent telegram of
Inquiry
In the pavement of streets, clamorous
contractor* make no mention of other and
perhaps better pavement than their own.
Cobblestones, granite blocks, bricks, wooden
blocks, asphalt, bitumen, macadam, gravel
and every experiment under the sun has
been tried In other cities like our own
Rnd the citizen and officeholder should know
with what result.
In the sight of brave municipal under
takings the weakest city, with spirit now
broken by private corporate domination,
may rise again to possess In Its own name
and to manage solely for the public good
water works, gas and electric plants and
street car line* Hrspltals. almshouses and
orphan asylums have come to be main
tained by many municipalities as a matter
of course, while other cities of even greater
size have none of these and need the stimu
li.!- of example to undertake them.
Joseph Hutchinson, chairman of the '
board of trustees, suggested needed
changes in 'he bylaws of the league. He
advocated the choice of ■ San Francisco
bank as treasurer; that provision should
be made for the compensation for the
secretary, at least; that the selection of
place if meeting should be left to the con
vention Instead of the executive commit
tee. Article 10 of the bylaws should be
so amended, he said, that a committee of
lawyers could be appointed to consider
needed legislation and draft bills to be
submitted to the convention before intro
duction to the Legislature of 1901. He con
cluded with a motion that the chair
should appoint ■ committee of three to
draft amendments to the bylaws and pre
sent them for action of the convention on
the last day of the session.
The motion carried, the chair appointing
Mr. Hutchlnson. C. N. Kirkbrlde of San
Mateo and H. A Mason of Santa Clara,
Some very pointed remarks on the Vroo
man act and the police pension act were
made by Mayor Eaton of Los Angeles. In
part he said:
We are so far away down In Los Angeles
that we know nothing of this organisation
until Organizer Lamborn came down our way
several months aS" We could not under
stand fully from him what It was all about,
so I came here to find out. Speaking about
needed changes In the laws affecting mu
nicipalities. It Is my opinion that the Vroo
man act should be repealed. It I* cumber
some and extremely unsatisfactory. One
of the principal objections to It Is that It
Is too technical. A serious defect In It Is
that the Street Superintendent Is placed In
charre of all street Improvements, while
the engineer who designs and plans the
work has nothing to do with its execution.
For years Loi Aneeles worked under an
old charter shaped after the charters of
nome <■'. the Eastern <.-iti**. It was simple
and natlFfartory and we accomplished many
Improvements. As noon as we were forced
to make our Improvements under the pro
visions of the Vrooman act. the cost of
street work went up over M l>*r cent.
The police pension law Is another that
should be repealed. It makes police Jobs
too desirable. 1 have found that the men
who have been most anxious to get the
appointments »re the fellows who are hunt-
Ing for a soft thing, and when they get In
office they never make the best men for the
places, The law has had the opposite ef
fect to that for which It was Intended, If
It was prompted by any motives of welfare
to the communities which It affect?. There
Is no ren« n why police should be pensioned.
They are in no great danger. Their uniform
Is a protection to them, and you seldom hear
of one of them getting killed while doing
his duty.
Much applause created th*> announce
ment from the Southern Mayor that the
feellnp in favor of State division had en
tirely disappeared in his section of the
country. by Mayor Brooks of Marysville
A pap«*r by Mayor Brnnks of Marysvlllo
was read by the secretary. in part it
ran:
Th« meeting In convention of representa
tives from different municipalities, each
with its own peculiar institutions, fitted to
the locn! condition! prevailing at each place,
cannot fall to result in an exchange of Idea*
and methods mutually beneficial to all. and
In giving each city an opportunity to adopt
for Itself the very best practices prevailing
elsewhere We expect our annual meetings
to he largely experience meeting*, and doubt
not that every member In returning to his
home will carry with him more new Ideas
about Rood municipal government than he
ever dreamed of before.
A permanent bureau should be established
with a salaried secretary to collect and
classify and distribute Information about
what our cities are doinc. an. l about the
thousand and one things for which city of
ficial* are constantly In search.
A rampalKn of education Is necessary to
let the public become familiar with our
work and Its value. On. ■•■ understood, popu
lar approval cnnnot lon* be withheld. Much
(rood work for the benefit of the league ran
be done by volunteer effort.
Through special committees we would ac
complish division of labor, subjects being
assigned to those 'ally Interested In
handling them. If arrangements could be
made for frequent publication of the com
mittees' proceedings, the public would be
• kept. Interested In our work .and a larger
number of people would be reached through
the publications than would ever attend one
of our conventions. ,
Lewis F. Bylngton made a few remarks
on the benefits of cheap streetcar far.
and the rights of municipalities to regu
late them.
George Hansen of Berkeley told of the
opportunities Oakland had to secure valu
able park sites, of which he regretted the
city across the. hay was not taking ad
vantage.
President David Starr Jordan was the
only speaker at the evening session. His
subject was "The Continuing City." The
central Idea of his address was that good
government Is the force that will enable
municipalities to continue. Bail govern- |
ment gave rise to corruption, physical and
moral. The private use .if public utilities
made it an object for some persons to de
sire bad government. While the city
ought to be the best place to live in, the i
fact was that the energy of the cities had
constantly to he recruiter, from the coun
try. He rapped Tammany hard and de
scribed It picturesquely. He dealt largely
with the school system and ridiculed the
practice of giving places to teachers sim
ply because they were in need of employ
ment.
Incidentally he alluded to the Senatorial
situation In Pennsylvania and said that
Quay ought not to be confirmed simply
to give support to the administration.
Speaking of the British Government, he
said that the war In South Africa might
have had Its origin in the tactics of a
certain British statesman who, • when
things went wrong at home, diverted the
public by waving the flag and inciting
their patriotism. He believed that the
best form of city government was .where
there were many Supervisors or Council
men and the Mayor had very large pow
ers. Strong approval was given to con
ventions'of municipal officers, who were
trying to find out the best way to admin
ister municipal affairs. The great. fault of
the American people was a lack of seri
ousness, and that disqualified them from
holding their servants to strict accounta
bility He had several recommendations
for the purification of municipal politics,
which were— Civil service rules., making
political corruption a misdemeanor, edu
cating the community. He concluded
with the sentiment that "Vigilance Is the
price of liberty."
The convention will meet again this
morning at 10 o'clock at Pioneer Hall.
FRUIT GROWERS FAVOR
A FREE PUBLIC MARKET
Day at the Convention Largely Spent in Dis
cussing Plans for a Thorough Organi
zation of Orchardists.
SAN JOKK. Dee. U.— Local orchardists
turned oui to force to-day at the
Fruit Orowers' Convention
and when that body convened this
morning there were t>\\ vacant
■oats. There was also an Increased at
tendance of fruit men from abroad.
(Jreater interest was manifested In the
subjects under discussion.
So far no commit!. have been
received and no resolutions Introduced,
but the convention will undoubtedly take
up Its business to-morrow.
Oood results of the meeting are appar
ent on all sides. It has lent an impetus
to the deciduous fruit growers, and at a
meeting this afternoon after the conven
tion it was decided t<> call a convention of
growers of, dried fruit for the third Mon
day In January In this city. At that time
attempts will be made to effect an or
ganization to handle the entini product of
the coast.
The Marysville men are making a fight
to take the next convention to that city.
They are doing some qntol missionary
work and will probably succeed, ■
ramento and northern growers are in fa
vor of it.
The Jamaica treaty will probably be
brought i.p to-morrow and resolutions
condemning It adopted.
IT. si. lent BllWOOd Cooper pr.-.-id.-l at
the morning session and B. M. I/elong
acted as secretary.
The convention promptly got down to
business and from the opening to the
closing the proceedings were most inter
esting. The organization and co-opera
tion among producers, effect of foreign
competition and the establishment of a
free public market for the sale of perish
able products were the topics considered.
The report of Edward F. Adams of
Wrights on "The Free Public Market Pro
ject was the first number. In substance
It stated:
In the autumn of 1595 a commission firm In
San Francisco cheated a widow of Santa Cruz
County out of ••"• cents on » box of grapes, anil
the widow objected. When reproached for Its
act the firm net up In defense. that I? whh
the custom of the trade; they all did It Out
of that ti:inwi. grew up the (treat free
imrk. t controversy. The Widow appealed to
the Santa Cruz (Jranrce. anil the matter was
taken up. The press Joined in the discussion
and a convention to consider the free market
| project was held under the auspice* of the
I Slate ■ Board of Hortlcultue in San Franclnco
on April 6. MS; subsequently another conven
tion was held In that city under the auspices
of the Hoard of State Harbor Commissioners.
A law establishing a free market was placed
on the statute books on March 25. IW7. Thin
law was never compiled with. If the pro
divers of the State had even so much a* the
spirit of an angora Koat they would raise
money and attack th»» Commissioner* by
mandamus proceedings or for malfeasance In
office.
On East street the State owns some pir>;>
erty and it was attempted to have this proo
erty xiroA as a free market. The Pacific
Steamship Company used th* property for a
coal yard and the Commissioners refused to
oust It to make room for the fruit-grower*.
The two convention* held had ur*ed thin. The
advantages of a free market would b- th*>
regulation of the . market. surrounding trans
actions with all possible safeguards aaainst
fraud hy producers or salesmen and furnish
lnirrt«"dlat<> and dally Information of the. jtate
of the market for the guidance, of Intending
shippers*.
Mr. Adams was given a vote of thanks.
W. M. Alken. Edward Berwick and Major
Coulter wore appointed a committee to
consider thr report and place Its salient
feature! before the convention.
Professor C. W. Chllds read a paper on
"Deciduous Fruits." touching particular
ly upon the prune Industry or Santa Clara
County. He stated that horticulturist* of
California have, been forming combina
tions for mutual profits and protection.
These fruit corporations have generally
been of great public value, a? they are
working In the Interest of producer, con
sumer and merchant by lessening some of
the expenses and decreasing some of the
friction that is usually incident to indi
vidual competition. The speaker explain
ed the effort being made in San Jose to
form ■ Pacific Coast Fruit Association to
handle all the cured prunes, apricots and
I peaches on the coast.
a. 11. Naftzger, president and general
manager of the Southern California Fruit
Exchange, spoke at length on "The Or
ganization and Co-operation of Citrus
Growers." He said In part:
Bo much has been said upon the advantages
of organization that It ought to appeal to >■•
Organization will stimulate friendly rivalry
among producer*. Goods well graded and
packed are half marketed. A large business
can effect a saving, especially In buying «up
plles.
An association can conduct business cheaper
than any one else. The entire expanses of th«
Orange Growers' Association Is only 3 per cent
of Its cross sales. A few years afro our packing
cost us from 35 to 40 cents per box. but this
has been reduced to 24 an.l H cent*. Wti»r# the
expenses of the association rearhed 10 per cent
of (cross rales It Is now 3 per rent This sav
ing results simply because we do a large busi
ness. Another benefit of organization la that It
reduces competition. Dtton organization the
commission men made every grower a competi
tor with every other producer.
If the prune grower* have the spirit of ro
operatlon It will be rfferte.l Siilary should cut
BO figure In «*i-uring a proper h>*ad for the or
ganization. The organization should be derlaiv*
in its enaracter. « n»n or»p«» rrower* nrr*n
l-.ed they were confronted with obstacle*. \V>
were told the commission m<*n would control
the market. Nob.»ly control* the market hut
the men who holii the supplies, ny •'.hint
lion grower* Will eliminate ill the speculative
feature* between the producer an. l the market.
There Is no reason why our products should
pass through the hands of speculator*. Th»
»>range Growers' Association sells more fruit
and sell* It for more money In all th* market*
than all the operators combined who ship from
this State. Our market e»tend» fr..m Victoria.
It. C. to Jacksonville. Kin . Montreal to Ista
Angeles, and to 1...r-l I,a*t year our sate*
were «:.::■ ">. and In all this business we n-v-r
lost one cent on bad accounts.
California fruit men should co-operate in their
several classes and then cooperate In a r»n«--.i:
association. The time will come when In the
Uric- (Eastern center* we will have house* to
distribute California produrt* of every ■■! i««.
There Is no reason why all the products of xlntt
and tree should not be sold through the mm n
airency. It would place the markets on a ateady
l>asls. It Is perfectly practicable. It I* not nee.
essary to combine at this end of the tine, but
the managing; at the end where the distribution
Is d«m« should be converged Into a common cen
ter In the East. Kxpenses would be reduced to
a minimum, and the sale of our dried and fresh
products would be continually pushed forward.
Vice President Alkcn presided at the
afternoon session. Professor A. I*.
Hnyne, of Berkeley addressed the conven
tion on "Prospective Competition From
the Philippine Islands." if* did not think
wo need fear much from Philippine com
petition. Rice la the most Important ar
ticle raised. Hrend Is a luxury. Wheat
or barley Is not raised on account of
climate. The Filipinos do not raise;
enough rice to feed tnemselves. but are
i compelled to Import 3,00">,000 pounds each
year from China.
Adjournment was then taken till to-mor
row to give th»» committees time for work.
After the convention adjourned those In
terested in dried fruit met for the pur
pose of seeing If an organization cou'd
not be effected similar to the ralsln-grow
ers' organization. It Is proposed to noont
along the Pacific Const Fruit Associa
tion, recently formed here. Judge Alken
presided. John Markley. A. It. Bprag'i*
\V. H. Dakln of Santa Cruz. J. B. Pejar
i nette of Colusa and Professor ""In. f.»
vored such organization. It was thnllv
decided to call a convention of dried fruit
| men of California to effect an organiza
tion on thu third Monday In January in
this city. • '
At a meetlnsr of tn». Association of
County Horticultural Commissioner* this
rvrnlna; resolutions wcrp adopter! recm
mendlnK the Inspection of forclcn nun»tr\
stork at th« port of entry of the country
by United States ofllrlali and to iWnrctfnrA
any previous inspection. Resolutions aul
bo presented to the fruit-Krowera* roo
vention t<>-mi>row.
56
THURSDAY EMBER 14. 189?
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address AH Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager
II til V I lon OFKICR...Mnrkrt and Third. S. P.
Telephone Mala lstl\
EDITORIAL |{OOM<« 817 in 221 Sterenaon St.
Telephone Main 1574.
C. GBORGB KIIO(;\I>s,
Manacrr J'cirrlcn Ad vertl«lnir. Marqne(t« llnllil-
Ins. rhlcMiro.
AMUSEMENTS.
OrrhPtttn-ln al4 cf th^ Charity Fund of the olatcd
A»»' Manaßcnt, th!s afternoon.
Orj h»iAm— Vauilevllip.
ColumMa— "Krai'vi and ■ AM '•
CaJlfornla— "The PjK>rtlnK I>urh«ii."
Ttvcli— '"Tar and Tartar."
Grand C>xwra.t4.tuM>— "The Chimes of Normandy."
Alcazar— "Mother Karth."
Alhanilira-fleorrla llliwtrrl*.
O;ut«». Zoo and Th«-at«-r— Vauilc\lUe *very afternoon and
CVCBIBC.
Olj-ir.plv rr.rn<r MaFon «n<l Kill* rtr^tn— Sp*rloJtteß.
Crniral Park- Stpeplerhat-e and Cor.ry Icland.
Panorama liaitle <t Mar. ll a n^y. Market rtrwt, near
E!r^th.
V.ertera Turf Amoelatlon. San Ufttco County— Haeea.
AUCTION SALES.
riri^-m i. Dcaa-Thii Aur. at 10:S0 o'clock. Diamonds.
WatrhMi. etc.. at C3J Markot »tr«>et.
Hy ffm. O. L*j-n»r-Th;« ever.lnu. at 7:«S o'clock. Thorouirh-
br*l rcuUßSk, atttl Howard street.
By Sullivan * lv>ylr>-Raturday. Peretnber 11. at 11 o'clock.
Ilarem. at St Valencia »•.:. • • «
By U. P. Hpear ft Ca Friday. n#eer-.ber 15. at 11 o'clock.
Booki. at £1 Futter street.
SCHEMING FOR DELfIY.
S- . resolution was introduced be
fore the rs requiring the
telephone company to pay a quarterly license
rickel-in-thc slot telephone machines, and
it the company should make the
. Sefore exacting the nickel
:ier.
As h n as the rt :nder consideration
to fight for delay. The
first 1 ed that its attorney was in the
and requeued that action be postponed until
granted. Next the com
n be referred to a corn
's uw a further delay has
having the resolution referred to
% '. : . -i as to its
of all this delay i< simply to put the
■ : Board of Super i
at the management
's tactics in the fight hn« bee-
That gentleman is well
been a Supervisor him
r the work si
. certain things can be
"ired that al
en made for and
free telephones to the back yards of
Supei
" ' Lane. In the cm
? to him." He can
.nsement until the term
■ ■■ : - or he can make
I take action si
■ r need 1 : ■ •
■
after another. Mr I
' " ' ■ Super-
D Monday. Lit t!
• i
planned his condoiti
A BREAK IN THE RfINKS
I — IERETOFORE, since the convention of 1896. it
I J has been held as the sacred policy of the Demo
cratic party that it should refuse affiliation to
any man who was not in favor of the free coinage
of s-iher at 16 to 1. 'The divinely appointed ratio," as
one of them named it. was the test of party loyalty.
To favor any other, though the variance might be the
smaller fraction, was to be a goldbug and a rank
outsider.
With all the peculiar tyranny of fanaticism Colonel
Bsyan has judged his fellows by the ratio. No der
vish of the Soudan has ever been in more abject sub
jt-rtion to the Khalifa than Democrats to Bryan on
this issue. So completely has he usurped control of
the party organization that it is felt that any State
will be disfranchised, in the convention of 1900 if i:
refuse indorsement of the ratio. No change in the
economic and financial condition of the country has
been heckd as necessarily requiring an abatement of
the Chicago platform. At best the position of all par
ties on the money question had been dictated by the
view of expediency taken by politicians prior to 1806
Kf publican politicians like Dolliver and Thurston and
even the President himself are now obliged to confess
their derelictions on the money question because in
the past they had omitted to consider it from the
str.mbohu of fixed principle. They are now domi
nated by conditions and have to abandon theories for
fact*, and principles, and they do so frankly Not *o
with the Democracy. They stand in the midst of a
u:mersal demonstration of the error of their position
Every prediction, prophecy and forecast they mad
lias been a failure. On one side is their futile theory;
on the other the cold facts which destroy it But they
still stand shouting that it is night, while the day
shines all around them. Determined to justify their
file as Bourbons, they refuse to forget and they re
fuse to learn. This being the party situation ' the
country is treated to a surprise that ma be ■ symp
tom, in the speech of Congressman Drigg s o f Brook
lyn. X. V.. in favor of the gold standard and the finan
cial reform bill now before the House.
Mr. Driggs declares th.it when nominated and dur
ing liis candidacy lie declared himself in favor of such
legislation, and as his Democratic constituency elected
him he proposes to vote his convictions. it i s t h e
first break in the ranks, and as it rani hack to the
preferences of a constituency Mr. Driggi cannot be
addressed as a traitor nor read out of the camp -.c
a bolter, for his people agree with him. It cannot be
paid that he is the forerunner of a change in the party
policy. It is only an indication of the beginning of
other divisions in the party in addition to the great
schism of 1896. His attitude is such an evidence of
the failure of a policy as to humiliate the majority of
his party leaders, and they have no course except to
drown his voice by a clamor for the platform, policy
and candidate of 1896.
THE FOREMOST OMERICON.
ONi: HUNDRED years ago to-day Washington
died. In hi* lifetime he had not escaped criti
e;-m an.l attack. From the beginning of our
constitutional period, which he inaugurated as the
tir-t rrciidcnt. the signs of party division appeared,
and before the dose of his life the rival views of con
stitutional interpretation held by JefTerson and Hamil
ton had already founded the two great schools in
American politics. Washington understood with
great clearness the dividing line between principle and
expediency, Because some of his cotetnporaries did
not dearly make that distinction he was misrepre
sented. This i^uc aro^c with the necessity of abro
gating our treaty with France, which practically
dosed our ports to any but French commerce. That
convention was made in the stress and crisis of the
Revolution. Rut after that struggle was over and we
were in the calm of peace it became evident that re
li.inrc solely Bpotl French commercial contacts Wli a
crave mistake, which would seriously impair the for
tunes and clok the progress of the young republic.
It being apparent that our natural and our greatest
commerce must \n- with Rutland, and that upon ex
ternal trade must be our first dependence for national
advancement, the highest consideration of expediency
requirel a commcrci.il treaty with Great Rritnin. B)
the treaty with France in 1778 it was agreed that we
should not conclude any treaty with another power
without the consent of France. When the necessity
of commercial intercourse with Great Britain became
: parent as to be irresistible we entered into the
commercial convention of 1704 against the. wish and
:t the consent of France. This caused a violent
outbreak of party feeling. Rut the lapse of time has
demonstrated Washington's wisdom, for the treaty of
the effective commercial emancipation of this
country and the final assertion of our independence of
tin- Mi7cr;iimy of France and all other power?. The
partisan* of JefTerson furnished most of the critics,
but the commercial independence secured by Wash
ington was eagerly taken advantage of by Jefferson's
disciples in the embargo incident to the war of 1812.
Rut notwithstanding this beginning of partisan
clamor which somewhat clouded the close of Wash
ington'a life, at his death, five year* after the cause of
attacks upon him. the whole nation stood awe-stricken
and impressed with the belief that the foremost man
in all the world had fallen.
The vivid dtanget and rapid movement of progress
in the century gone since that day have not effaced
nor changed that impression. The history of man
kind, the experience of the world in the change of
governments, the rise and fall of dynasties, and even
in the emergence of peoples into a larger liberty, has
not shifted his place in the esteem of men. In his
farewell address was hi- statement of principle in
exposition of his view of expediency. In that address
his countrymen were given the best definition of their
government. <<t the principles upon which it is
founded and the practices upon which its perpetuity
must depend Laid beside the Declaration of Inde
pendence that address furnishes a complete interpre
• : <>f our constitution, and the two will survive
forever as our reason tor seeking independence and
leH-government and a statement of the national
by which alone they can be made perpetual.
In his patience, wisdom, unselfishness and far for
ward look Washington stands supreme at the head of
the world's worthier. In his mind originated the
Fundamental principles of the constitution, which
were concreted into expression by Madison. That
brief document, on which now rests our colossal
-al structure, could not be made to-day. Com
manding the profound admiration of the world's best
thinkers for a centu-y. if it were swept into oblivion
grow, and the best wisdom of these times
among us were called to the task of substituting it.
the complexities of our modern life would induce a
nr less simple statement of the unchanging principles
upon which rest the rights of man. It reflected the
'•city and plainness of Washington's life, and
"tan.'- ■ to tl nfidence of his country
men in his stainless integrity and his mighty capacity
resee the institutions of which it was to be the
matrix.
BSidered ns ■ man his great virttie was hi« per
fect control. Naturally of quick
and emotional temper, be held this quality in hand
a<- a useful energy and never submitted to it as a
• r. He had to arrest and change history, to un
root tradition, to found new habits >>i thought among
his countrymen There i« evidence that to the mass
of them, even at the close of the Revolution, self
government, the rule of a reasonable majority, were
terms merely, and not comprehended as the rule of
action for a government. If his had been the ordinary
ambition of even great men this country would merely
have escaped the rule of a foreign monarchy to erect
tate and circumstance of in American royalty.
I'm he had wrought and endured, suffered in patience
and borne defeat Without drpre>si.,n and victory witli
\ultation. for quite another purpose than the
raiMiiK of another among the scepters which repre
sented the rule of one over the many. He had in
deed borne all and done all to crown a new kin*?, but
that was not to be a king among the kings — merely
om- more man crowned and enthroned and invested
with authority- but a nation that was to be Icing
among nations, with every man in it a ruler. Around
wis the fulfillment of his perfect irorlc Let u<
•st oursehres unduly. Men say sometimes that
Washington was behind the time«; that he and the
men of his generation never saw a railway, nor tele
praph. nor any of the magic of power and mechanism
which has transformed modern life. That is true.
Rut it is true also that no American of this genera
tion took a naked sword from the Continental Con
gress to fla<l it through the night of seven years'
war for hum. i liberty and the right of man to govern
himself, and at the end gave it back to the Continental
Congress dulled arid nicked and rusted in the task of
carving out a new nation in which all men are ruler-,
equal m right and equal in opportunity. He won for
us that emancipation and enfranchisement which are
the final cause of all we have and are. These thincr*
we boast, unseen as they are by him in the flesh, arc
but the monuments builded to lm memory and per
petuating among men the foremost greatness of his
character and the lasting glory of his name.
MORE POWER FOR THE COM
MISSION.
SENATOR CULLOirS bill designed to amend
the act creating the Interstate Commerce Com
mission by largely extending and augmenting
its powers will renew a contest which has been going
on for a long time, but which ought to be closed at
tins tesctoa of Congress. The object of the bill
is to provide a means of putting an end to those
freight discriminations which seriously disturb busi-
It has been found that under the act as h
stands the commission hai not sufficient power to ac
complish the desired regulation of rates, and the ne
cessity of amending the act has long been apparent.
The problem is that of so regulating rates that rail
- will be able to earn fair dividends upon the
capital invested without having to extort. unjust rates
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1899.
from certain classes of shippers. It is a plain propo
sition that if railways haul goods for certain corpora
tions for hardly more than cost they must make up
their profits by charging other shippers considerably
more than should be done. In other words, when
discrimination is practiced in the commercial world
it results in an injustice that hampers both commerce
and industry, and while one set of shippers pay but
little others have to pay all the traffic will bear.
Railway managers are not altogether to blame for
the extent to which freight discriminations prevail in
the business. Some of them have made earnest efforts
to avoid the necessity of granting discriminations by
arranging pools which would put an end to competi
tion. The pooling system, however, proved worse
than the evil it was designed to cure, and, moreover,
did not cure the evil, for it was soon discovered that
no matter how skillfully the pooling agreements were
drawn up there was always a means by which an en
terprising freight agent could succeed in granting re
bate* or some other form of discrimination to big
shippers. Thus it was noted that one of the railway
companies of New York, finding no way by which it
could arrange a rebate of freight rates to the Standard
Oil Company, made things agreeable to the company
by arranging to purchase a certain quantity of oil
even* year at a price so much in excess of the market
rate as would return to the oil men the amount of
the freight reduction agreed upon.
The Cullom bill gives the commission power to
fix both a maximum and minimum rate or differential
in rates when necessary to prevent discrimination; to
make changes in classification and to amend the rules
and regulations under which traffic is moved, and
makes the order of the commission effective within
the time specified, which ordinarily shall be not less
' than thirty days. Any carrier may within thirty days
begin proceedings in the United States Circuit Court
for a review of the order. Either party may appeal
directly to the Supreme Court, and the case is to have
precedence in the courts. The bill also further pro
vides that the commission shall make and establish
a uniform classification. The long and short haul
clause is made an absolute prohibition except upon
leave granted by the commission. Large penalties are
provided again «t carriers in case of departure from
the published rate.
The new bill is not dissimilar tn others which have
! befti baffled by the opposition in Congress and will of
course meet with strong opposition. Sooner or later.
however, some such measure will have to be enacted,
for the evils of freight discrimination are becoming
intolerable, and the sooner it is done the better.
NO better souvenir in the way of a Christmas re
membrance will be offered to Californians for
sending to their friends than the Christmas edi
tion of The Call which will appear on Sunday. The
number will be as artistic from a pictorial point of
view as any calendar or holiday card of the season,
and in addition to its news features will have the in
terest of a magazine of Christmas stories, poems and
sketches.
The salient attraction of the number will be the
lamlsomely illustrated cover?, each of which will pre
sent a picture appropriate to the season and de
signed especially for this issue of The Call. The at
tention of artistic critics can be safely directed to the
themes of these pictures and to the skill with which
they have been worked out by the artists and repro
duced by lithography. Nothing better has ever been
produced by a newspaper, and in this respect the
Christmas edition of The Call will mark the highest
level reached by a daily journal in the production of
genuine fine art.
While the number will be attractive to readers in
all parts of the world by reason of the beauty of its
illustrations and the charm of its literary features the
people of San Francisco and of California general!/
will find it of particular interest and value at this sea
son because of the thorough manner in which it will
set forth bargains in all lines of holiday novelties and
Christinas goods. Persons who find it difficult to de
cide what to choose for their friends will derive plenty
of ideas on the subject from the teeming advertising
columns of this splendid holiday number. In fact.
the only embarrassment that will be felt after Rom«
over the rich array of gifts and -ouvenirs of all kin's
noted in the number will be that of determining which
to choose where such a variety of excellence is of
fered.
The Call has been earnest at all seasons in urging
the people of California to patronize home Industrie*,
and only a short time ago pointed out the advantage
that would accrue to the State if Californians sent
to their Kastem friends Californian articles as gifts
for the holiday season. A wide distribution of The
Call of Sunday throughout the Eastern States would
also b e helpful in that way. since it would make
known the abounding prosperity of the city and the
State and attractions which are offered here for home
seekers. As we have said, the number will be attrac
tive and interesting from every point of view and will
be welcomed with admiration and delight in every
cultured home.
From the tenor of the discussions at the Horticul
tural Convention at San Jose it is easy to draw the
conclusion that while individual enterprise can plant
an orchard and grow fruit it is going to take a good
deal of co-operation to pre\ent the railway company
from gathering in all the profit on the crop.
"Cupid" Danforth says there's nothin' doin' these
days at the marriage license office. One day this
week there was not a single application for a permit
to take the fatal plunge. No wonder. How can a
man marry a girl and afford to make her a Christ
mas present in the same month?
Up to this time, at any rate, the British have not
committed any aggressions on the territory of the
Boers. In fact, they have not been able to hold their
own frontier, and might claim sympathy on the
ground that their territory is being overrun.
California will not have to stand alone in fighting
Mr. Kasson's reciprocity treaties, for all the wool and
beet sugar producing States arc getting into line with
us and will help in the battle.
The fact that a turkey eaten by members of the
family of a well-known saloon man contained pto
maines will hardly deter any great number of people
from accepting invitations to Christmas dinners.
General Gatacre seems to have suffered at Storm
berg by obeying the time-honored injunction to con
sult the stars when in difficulty. At any rate he told
his troubles to a policeman.
General Buller will not take his Christmas dinner
at Pretoria, as he expected, for the chances are he
will have a previous engagement for the day some
where near Ladysmith.
The proposed park extension extends directly
along the line .... which the city ought to advance
and does not deviate a ha.rs breadth from the path
of true progress.
OUR CHRISTMAS EDITION.
ROBERTS' HOME-COMING.
It Is Not Liquor That Makes Him See Triple.
' neapolls Times.
NEARLY TOTAL ECLIPSE
of
THE MOON.
I.I'NAR ECLIPSE.
Till-: unusual spectacle of a crescent
moon above the eastern horizon In
the evening may bo witnessed on
Saturday. December 16, from sunset
until 7 p. m.
The -mum- of the phenomenon 1b entirely
distinct from that which Irrevocably
awards the young moon to the western
nky of evening ami the waning phase to
the eastern nky of morning. naN fa
miliar monthly glimpses are obtained
Wh«n the Illuminated side of the <»rb Ih
marly iivi-rt- .1 from our view; but the .ijj
proaching phenomenon t;ik«s place when
the disk, brimming with radiance, la
turned directly earthward; in other words,
at full moon.
In the mld.-n of effulgence a deep shadow
falls on Its path and gradually tho lunar
mountains, plains and valley* are de
prived of their glowing sunlight, only a
i-li-minr curve ii'-ar the south pole of the
moon escaping immersion. Tin- deep
shadow is that of the earth, and for more
than three hours its satellite is to a
greater or less extant partially eclipsed.
The Illustration represents a cross-sec
tion of the rone-shaped terrestrial shadow
und the principal phases an the moon
glides through Its southern portion. First
contact with the shadow occurs before
moonrlse. but at dusk. If tht atmosphere
be clear, a strange looking half-moon will
appear north of east In an erect position
with Its curving side by no means facing
sunward, as In the case of the monthly
en -cents, lint In a southerly direction
The mid position of the lunar disk in the
illustration may be seen at 5:26 p. m and
the third phase, indicated by the direction
of the arrow, occur* about an hour
ward, when thr diurnal motion of th»»
heavens tuu brought our satellite to a
convenient altitude almost directly east
Those who art familiar with lunar
topography and nomenclature will ti"d
that the shadow advances from the direc
tion of the east limb beyond Arlstarchus
and that last contact Is near the west
limb beyond Mare Crislum. During the
central phase, when more than nine
tenths of the surface Is obscured some of
the Interesting features of a total cellos*
may be expected. In contract Again to
the ordinary crescent we look In vain for
the dim gray tinted "old nnon" m.ule via
Ible by earthshine. and lnstc-.id see the
shadowed disk wearing a copper colored
tint, though the dark side of the earth is
of necessity toward It during a lunar
eclipse.
To appreciate the delicate footing of this
unwonted glow It is well to consider that
the earth In a line between sun and moon
though at the time of totality obscuring
all sunlight, retains Its transparent at
mospheric envelope, which is illuminated
by crimson rays on the borderland of day
nnd night. This aureole, which would
radiate into space but for refraction
curves Its luminosity moonward. thus r*-'
lleving the darkness of the lunar land
scapes. On some occasions, however
probably on account of atmospheric
cloudiness in the twilight circle the
eclipsed satellite remains Invisible.
As total lunar eclipses are not frequent
this coming obscuration will receive more
notice than is generally given to th*> par
tial pnase. ROSE O'HALLORAN.
■ ♦ .
AROUND TiiE
CORRIDORS
Thomas Flint Jr. of San Jimn Is at th«
Palace.
Q. R. Lewi*, an attorney of Los Gatos
is at the Lick.
C. A. Storke. ex-District Attorney of
Santa Barbara, Is a guest at the Grand.
Thomas J. Kgan, a well-known boataOM
man of Fresno, is a guest at the Lick.
K. Caspor, a wealthy business man of
Vull'Jo, is among the lato arrlvalu at the
Lick.
Dr. C. L. McGowan, one of the loading
rm.lk-.il in-ii of Sacramento, ia at the
Grand.
Drury Molone has come down from his
home at Oak Knoll and is staying at the
Palace.
Morgan Hill arrived in this city last
evening from Paris and registered at the
Palace.
JMMI W. Warde, a wealthy mining
man of Rowland, B. C, Is staying at the
Occidental.
J. L. BorlagW, a wealthy wine man of
St. Helena, is registered for a short stay
at the Lick.
Dan E. Weaver, a well known capitalist
of Spokane, is at the Palace while on a
short bu«in*s3 trip to this city.
Joseph Spinney, or.c of tho leading poli
ticians of Santa K".-«a, Is among the arri
vals of yesterday at the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. P. J. Roberts are at the
California, where th.>y arrived last night
from Uxtr home in Victoria, B. C.
Mr. and Mrs. \V. < \ Kvans. two promi
nent Hc.uty people of Stockton, are reg
istered for a short stay at th* Oc< ldental.
Dr. A. Robertson, one of the Ie
specialists of N»w York, is at the
dental while on a visit of pleasure to this
city.
General John B. Friable has come down
fr m his home in Vallejo and Is now at
the Occidental, accompanied by his wife
and family.
Ooneral T. W. Bheehan has come down
from his home In Sacramento and Is
staying at the Occidental, accom;
by his daughter.
James R. Wilson and Captain John Irv
ing, two prominent residents of Victoria,
B. C. arc among the recent arrivals at
the California.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
MARDI GFAS-D. 8.. City. As far as
the information of this department goes
the next Mardl Gras festival in the city
k._ * * WNB Stock vvi • ) Krla Krlngl* never had a happier Idta
WIITE A VALUAfti r u«- than the one which prompted him to act a*
, y»H>AHir PRESgNT / dlntrtbutor of itock for the rlln« on and
AN© ILL DlSTOid..^! — i P'Ul? 1 ?l ec rt: t Co «nP*ny. «or be will boatow
L !ll PlST "iBurg /Tfi^Rwr- 1 Vvi J' ! '
J^^^^V (>*~ \2rk «b«n noi7 ALUB many times greater
i^^^Cu* *^W rr^^lh Hf^J! f *want»« of hon#.t ma M |t-
yT^-j*'* -c /•J f \i>4lL^ > > r k mm"
\\O^.niW £ " \\k«™/ ffi,!'"? » "n>»M .mSJS^u'St,^;
. 1
.^^^El. DEVELOPMENT GO.,
|^r>^ \^ts^3o-M6 Crocker Building, Third
O. H. BAIRD. Realdent Agent. Box s w . Marysvllte. Cal. •
of New Orleans will take p'ac© ©a ibe
day preceding Ash Wednesday next year.
FAMOUS MEN'-E. J.. Gualala. ' Cat.
Edison Is a famous man of the times be
cause of his electrical inventions; Marconi
because of his wirelrss telegraphy; Ad
miral Dewey because of his destruction of
the Spanish licet nt Manila. There are
others, but as in your letter you write.
"Name some famous men of to-day, an.l
why famous." this department is at a loss
to know how long a list you desire.
FIVE DOLLARS— T. Los Angeles.
Pal. If the flve-dollar piece of 1534 that
you have has the legend "E Pluribus
I'nnm" on the reverse It commands a pre
mium of from SI to 12. and its selling
price, dealers' rates, is from $12 to IIS; If
It has not a legend it does not command
a premium, but its selling price I- from
$7 to $S 50. The selling price of one of
1855 is from 17 CO to $S CO.
TO BECOME a CITIZEX-B. 8., Oak
land. < 'al If you wish to become a citizen
of the United States, the tlrst step you
will have to take will h>- to go before a
United States Circuit or District Court or
a court of record, such as a Superior
Court In California, and declare apon oath
that you have the bo na- tide intention to
become a citizen. Two years after you
may appear in court again and declare
on oath that you have resided five years
in the United States and at least one year
In the state in which you make applica
tion—that is. if you have. An alien can
make declaration the day he lands In the
United States, but he must have redded
In the country at least live year* bvforo
he can obtain his final papers.
RIGHT OF WAV I A. '•(•<.': Street
cars are subject to the same street rules
as are other vehicles of transportation
It Is the fluty if drivers, grlpmen and
motormen to respect the rights of pedes
trians who are crossing the public street.*,
and they must slow up when reaching
crossings at. 'l give pedestrians an oppor
tunity tc «r. •<: but at the same time
pedestrians must not cross and r semes
in such numbers as to cause cars ami
vehicles to halt for any length of time,
else there would be a stoppage of trafllc.
A police officer has no right to discrim
inate between tho driver of a vehicle and
"iii' ho has charge of i street car. and
if there is a crush of pedestrians attempt
ing to cross a street It is his duty to halt
the enr as he would any other vehicle, if
he falls to perform thai duty you can pre
fer charges against the offending officer
before the Police Commissioners. There
is no law which authorizes the officers of
a street railway company to say to its
employes, in substance: "Go on: make
time, and never mind pedestrians."
■ ♦ •
Cal. glace fruit 50c p»r Ib at Townseod's.*
■ m ■
Thanksgiving extra mince pit. 903 Larkin it •
■ * »
Just received ■ large lot of pyrography
outfits for burning wood and leather San
born. Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses . nd public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), (13 Mont.
gomery street. Telephone Main IM2. •NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
A philosopher once said
>^||ysg2v that it was
/mM| fl^ra* unw ' se to use
/^a^H 1^ alcohol immod-
H|^^^Ha erately as to re-
X>S^s^^r hcl as a medicine
when necessary.
Duffy's Pure Malt Whiskey
is •CNuiely pure, and is the only medi-
cinal whiskey recognized by medical
science. It has more medicinal prop-
erties thai: any other medicine.
.' .J It. If your, <Jo«, 6<rt . » bottle wi\\ U w nt you. Mep»lZ
t■J. i .:« for | s . Writ, (or loter«tlB C book- 4 "**
Daffy Malt Whiskey Co., Hocheatet, H. T.
I HEADQUARTERS <3^l
FOR HOLIDAY IQ9\
PRESENTS.
3He cot Impjrtalions of otW
I STATUARY A^f
1 CROCKERY *52&4
cut-glass «fei
I ART NOVELTIFS *^$
I OIL PAINTINGS Wl
I BRIC-A-BRAC -.w|
5 Now oa Lihibiiion. r|^li
| Op:n Evenin gs. *\$
I S. & 0. GUMP CO., |
113 115 Geary Street. I
useful HOLIDAY GIFTsTI
| $1 I
| Chicago ! Ilf I
| Clock Co. "ffIJS I
| HABKET ST. i^4^jV^/ 1
♦<?*C*O* O-^O^O ♦ ©♦©♦©♦©♦©♦O-*
JYICHY I
♦
♦ cap i> a
I M Natural Mineral Water ♦
♦ JI^B known or centuries and *
'^ [J&tvL imported q
♦ ONLY IN BOTTLES. ♦
o i^TO^ Fcr DUcrdered Stcmici ♦
♦ Klfc?iv&& tai Indigestioa °
O Zl^^f^iZi lt.< ralue h;s been test!- o
Z %S^-«S? U " a t0 *"> thousands. ♦
♦ VICHY I So-cnlled Vichy In Sy. °
■0 -T^«w**l c phens ♦
♦ 5^S?3 IS NOT VICHY - ♦
♦ SSJ^SSjfc'j Get the Genuine. J
9 jSyKt^Sc Tmir ph)-*lcia» o
Rmffu * rroommrnd it. ♦
C sS2iS** A ▼ie»l£l. D:rtrik«U;gArt»t #
Come Just to Look
Handsome
Chin aware
Crockery
Glassware
Lamp!
Ornaments
Novelties
Clock?
LOWEST PRICES.
Come Just to Look.
Great American Importing fea Co.
Centra! ilo tit Grant aim .
Store* : Bet. Sutler and l o»tRt«.
861 Market St.. opp. Powell.
ft* Market St., fool California.
Branch Stores Everywhere.
■
lorlaleT
*749 arre* or -Jrlr« grain land In Coluna
County, five mile* east of Arbuekle. The land
U all reclaimed and absolutely protected by
tnde&esd^nt leve»« from fiood waters. Th«
yield for th* past aeason was over IS sacks of
wheat i<»r nn.
Improvements consist ef a fine two-story
Iwellln* « lth hct and roll water throughout.
if.ru Hfi barns and *vel'.«.
Th* land l» anpesved f.-r tCI.OOQ. The Improve.
mrnts are Insured for 112.500.
For furtbrr Information apply to
J. DALZtLL BROWN, Manner,
CALIFORNIA SAFE DEPOSIT AND TRUST
COMPANY.
Montroiserr * niJ C&Ulcrnla Eta., San Francisco.
MAKE PERFECT MEN
a |M> Mil' DCirAlB! DonotSef
fir Long' ' Tb« Jot« and ambitions of ,
life can be ,-■■■■■*• you. The Ttrj
toniaunul >ervou« 1>«-»>| lit > • •
• b»olwtr!» cured by I*l It I I. l<»
TA 111 I I N <»!»• prompt rr Urt to In-
romnla f»:liric memory ana tbt waste
nd drain or *ltal powers. Incurred by
•.Ddlkcretlons or eiee»»e» or early years.
Impart got and potency to e»ery fun;?- ,
tien Drace vptbeiytiftn. *»i*«- >^Sksw liloom to irn-
rlieek* and lu»tre to tae eyes or/^iNjroung-orold. j
OnrMic b<iirtnr>l enrrs-y.pMf JO l»oir§ at
I J.K>«conu>!rt»l'U»ranf»-<lrureT-rrryor u.one.T r«
rundrJ. Can b« carried In ve«t ■*' pocket. Sold,
eTrrywhere.or mailed in Plain »rspper on receipt »>4 ■
prtc* by mi rtntUTO CO., Issssl **. Cblr.f., 111.
IMC by O»1 X>rus Co.. S. F. and Oaklaal 1
HARBOR BOARD
THE INNOCENT
CAUSE OF WOE
Granted Permit for
Patent Advertising.
VICTIMS CRY "GOLD BRICK"
GRANTEE CITED TO MAZE EX
PLANATION.
Six month! ago the Harbor Commis
sioners granted to Robert McKUUcan the
privilege of erecting two • advertising
I stands In the depot waiting rooms. Yes
i terday afternoon the board was surprised
|by the story of two men— H. Rattenberry
and S. Solomonson— lntroduced by ex-
Governor Budd, who asserted that they
were losers to the extent of $6100 through
the medium of said advertising. privilege.
The recital of their etory caused the
board to take prompt action, and Mr. Me-
KHUcan was cited to appear at the next
meetln* and explain why the privilege
; granted him should not be declared for
feited. as If If now nullified In fact, be
cause It has passed cut of his hands.
Attorney Budd brought the matter up
I and said It was necessary for the board
to act. as one of Its privileges had been
abupfd. Ho Introduced copies of two
transfers, one from McKlllican to J. W.
Fawl ■ and another from Fawkes to the
Scenic Display Company. A search of the
records showed that tne original fran
chise was granted to McKlllican on June
27. and that he was to pay $100 rent per
month when the machines were In ope
ration. One month later the privilege was
transferred to other parties.
President Kllburu moved that McKllll
ran btr ordered to appear and enow cause
• why his privilege should not be revoked.
I 1 his motion was debated warmly. Major
Harncy Faying that to order McKlllican
I to appear upon the facts as presented by
I the two alleged vlrtimu would create an
Impression very unfair to McKillican.
Attorney Budd said that the grievance
of tho victims was not against McKilli
can. who is an honest man and parted
, with his privilege in good faith, but
against a corporation. On this under
: standing a citation for McKilllcan was
Issued, as he is the only party with whom
the board can deal.
Hattenberry told the board that no ma
chines had been built, and that they could
not learn that any were in course of con
struction. It had been represented to
thorn that the profits from the privilege
would be over $30,000 a year, and they
were Induced to enter a corporation capi
talize.! for $100,000. of whom C. E. Snook.
L S. Church. Mr. and Mrs. Fawkes. Rat
tenberry and Solomonson were directors.
Solomonson said he had lost $4600, al
though he had only put $1500 into the con
cern. Th* men stated that they had r<»
celved about one-third of their money
back, and that they came before the
board to let it know how it was being
' mocked, and to prevent other 3 from fol
lowing their woeful example.
Major Harney explained that the ap
plication for the privilege had contained
the words "McKlllican and associates."
and that the minutes showed It had been
granted solely to McKlllican, and that
having been transferred without permls-
I slon it Is now of no effect. All the mem
: bers of the- board expressed astonishment
that a matter apparently so trivial had
grown Into an affair of such magnitude.
Secretary Dennlson. representing the
City Street Improvement Company, asked
for an explanation concerning work on
slip No. 7. His firm has a contract for
certain work, and 6ince It was commenced
changes had been made in the original
plan, necessitating the letting of another
contract to the Dur.don Company. The
Dundon contract cannot be commenced
till the oriplnal work Is completed, an.l
Secretary Dennlson thought there might
be a conflict of Interests. It was decided i
to leave the matter to the two contrac- i
tors and the harbor eifglneer to reach an
amicable settlement.
The board ordered the following bills
paid: City Street Improvement Company, 1
work at Bryant street. W. 554; San Fran
cisco Timber Preserving Company, JSIS6.
WILL RETAIN PRESENT FORCE.
Auditor W*!ls yesterday announced that
I he would make no changes In his clerical
i force during his new term of office com
mencing January 8. 1900. The new charter
allows him one chief deputy at J2OO a
month, two clerks at $!25 each and two at
$100 each. The Incumbents of these posi
tions will be retained, though their re
spective salaries are reduced from J2T>\
$150 and $125 by the terms of the- new or-
J granic law of the city. Besides these five
I statutory employes there are two extra
clerks n-jw steadily employed on the as
sessment rolls, which are provided by or
der of the Board of Supervisors.
It Is Ihe opinion of the Auditor that he
will require at least two more clerks to
carry on the additional work Imposed by
the charter on his office. In retlttlnc his
1 present quarters two extra windows nave
Doen constructed, ono of which will be
used by the teachers and other employes
of the city covemment to receive and sign
for ttu-ir salary demands, all of which will
be Issued 1 v the Auditor. Licenses and
fee blanks will also be Riven out at this
window. Another window will be devoted
t- the redemption of property sold for
taxes. Two clerks in constant attendance
will be required for these purposes.
Th" Auditor resrets thai the new char
ter reduces salaries in his office.
"We do a business of $8,000,000 here an
nually," he said yesterday, "and th© head
bookkeeper In any business house down
town which does a business of less than
one-quarter of that amount Is paid over
double what my chief deputy Rets. All
my present force, however, Is anxious to
remain at the reduced salaries and I will
retain It as It now stands."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Free to the
Ruptured
Dr. W. S. Rice, the Well-known Au-
thority, Sends a Trial of His
Famous Method Free to All.
Any One Can Now Cure Themselves
at Home Without Pain, Danger,
Operation or an Hour's Loss
of Time From Work.
v
To the thousands upon thousands of rup-
tured people who are torturing- themselves with
trusses and In momentary dancer of death
from stranrulatlon Dr. W. S. Rice. «UE Main
street. Adame. N. V . will send free to all a
trial of Ills famous method that has saved so
many lives and mode to many men. women and
children well an 3 Btrone and permanently
cured of old and difficult ruptures. Do not be
backward about writing for the free trio! It
will cost you nothlnz and will enable you to
ree how easily you can cure yourself In a very
fchort time without losing an hour from work
Dr. nice Is determined that every suffering
man or woman shall know the wonderful truth
that rupture can be cured and he therefore ren-
eroutly «ends. prepaid by mail, his method
absolutrly r-e. and you can make a free trial
of It. Write to-day without fail, as you can-
not afford to miss this free and generous offer.
Mr. O. Nllson. of So*n. Minn., had two very
bad scrotal ruptures, both of which he cured
rieraJanently at his home without suffering- any
l'»ln or losing any
j^d£^»^i£*^W|\ moua JMce method"
I !&&£■■*••'* I JuS I that coul^ b « <^-
\ Mrar.W'y* j^/jßsMsf / tired. I am fully
V&SXfeLmLJji&m / cur'-d of two ba.l
V^H'fr^Sj'fy/ scrctal ruptures
•A^RWt.V r^'SBH/ anJ nr " very jrrate-
/>j6jfc.'N\\7»v;f^lH* ful l 0 Dr - Ulce *»r
V-/FaMa.'.\^i». 1 -,.ia|ri, having Invented
\ffl>fflts£f'lf f £Jr*T, euch a Godsend. I
Mil. G. NILSON. , who are ruptured
will use It." Send your name and address to
Dr. V.. S. nice. 41SE Main St.. Adams. N. V..
and he will gladly send you a free trial with
full Instructions as to how you can quickly
and easily cure yourself at home. Write to-
day. Don't wait. If you begin now you will
be cured pound oa a dollar lone before spring
sVStfe bexlna.
THE SAN FRANCTSCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1899.
The Philadelphia, lowa, Australia and Coptic Leaving Port,
"IF YOU HANG ME,
YOU WILL HANG
THE HOLY GHOST"
Hunt, the Murderer,
Proves Insane.
HE TALKS WILDLY IN COURT
A JURY PASSES JUDGMENT AS
TO HIS CONDITION.
"I am willing to bang for my crime."
said Robert L. Hunt, the insane murderer
j of George R. Elliott and E. R. Knlppen
berg, as he gently stroked -what looked
| like a paint brush fastened to his chin
on the stand In Judge Lawlor's court yes
terday, 'but I want It understood that on
the gallows I will tell them that they are
hanging the Holy Ghost."
Hunt was taken before Judge Lawlor
and a Jury was sworn In to determine hU
sanity In order that It might be deter
mined whether or not he should be placed
on trial for the murder of his victims.
Hunt Immediately took the stand and la
two minutes he thoroughly demonstrated
the fact that he is a dangerous lunatic.
"Ot course 1 shot Elliott," he said, "but
Kmppenberg and I were both Innocent
parti' s. I shot him because he married
the woman whose *oul was in me.
, Ofttlmea 1 receive Jesus Christ. I get a
1 touch of him in the hand where he was
cruclrled, but it gots away In a few
hours. I usually feel spirited when I re
ceive the Holy Ghost. Elliott baw good
cra'-e In me and married the woman
whoso koul is in me. but I had her soul.
I am not crazy. If I am God Almighty is
crazy, und God isn't crazy. I am glad I
killed Elliott. He deserved killing. I
laid for him and then I walked around
and then into the Young America Ealoon
«.n Howard street and pulled out my pis
tol and shot him. The bullet went through
his hf-art nnd then killed Knippenberg.
Knlppenbesrg and I were both Innocent
I irtl. «. ami if you hang me you will hang
tb« Holy Qbost."
And !-•> 1:1s nund wandered and rambled.
and tin- fa<e of the murderous lunatic
not once betrayed the least *ign of emo
tion or fear. He sat there on the stand
crying out his own guilt, and his only de
fense was that Elliott had married a
woman whose soul he owned and which
"■whs in him."
JudKe I.awlor with a few Instructions
sent the Jury out and they immediately !
adjudced the murderer insane. Hunt will
Btmltted tO-dmjr. Attorneys A. B. !
Morgan and J. E. Murphy represented the
prisoner.
WHEN YOU
GO EAST
Go and Return on Sun
set Limited.
Sunset Limited, the famous train of the
Sun.-^t Route, will make the Initial trip
i of the season Friday. December 15.
This train is th© embodiment of luxur
ious travel, elegance and comfort, conve
nience and luxury, polite and efficient at
tendants, a cuisine equal to the require
ments f>f th*» most exacting epicure; a
time Hchedulo so arranged as to permit of
daylight trips throuph the most attractive
portions of a root* rich in scenic and hls
t'.r:. Interest: and sharp connections with
ntlif-r limited trains will enable Sunset
Limited during its season to improve
its brilliant an<i unequaled record.
I'eople contemplating ;tn Eastern trip
can add greatly to their comfort and
lire by £<nug and returning on the
. Sunset Limited.
PROPOSED TELEPHONE ORDEBS.
The License Committee of the Board of
Supervisors met yesterday morning to
consider the proposed orders for taxing
telephone slot attachments and Imposing
a penalty for defective service. Secretary
K. W. Eaton of the Pacific Telephone and
Telegraph Company addressed the com
mittee and Ptatt-d that after consultation
with Attorney E. S. Plllsbury and others
ho had concluded that the ordinances
wer<» illeKal and that the proposed taxa
tion was unjust anct excessive. He claim
ed that the. company had paid on $3w.(A)O
additional assessment by Assessor Dodge
and asked the committee to be consider
ate. The company had dune all in Its
power to oorrect errors and defects In the
service and had been put to the necessity
of discharging numerous girl operators on
account of their Inefficiency.
When Katun had concluded his plea
Supervisor AlßHtlnser moved that the
committee recommend the passage of the
order by the. board. The motion was not
s- i-onded. and on Supervisor IMack's mo
tion, seconded l>y Chairman Lackmann.
the proponed orders were referred to the
City and County Attorney with a request
that he report his opinion on their legal
ity, upon which tile full board will tuke
action at the meeting next Monday. Su
per\lnor AlKeltlnjcer dissented from this
procedure, hut wns overruled.
Useful Christmas Presents.
Fancy innk*tands, writing nets, desk
pads, gold pens and calendars make ac
ceptable and useful Christmas presents
for a gentleman. For sale by Sanborn
Vali & Co.. 741 Market street. •
Diseased Chickens Condemned.
Chief Market Inspector Witzemann yes
terday afternoon condemned 102 chickens
and four turkeys In a carload which came
from Omaha, Nebr. The fowl were In a
diseased condition and were sent to the
fertilizing works. Similar action was
taken with sixteen of the chickens that
were tr;implcd to death. The carload was
consigned to EL Il'-rkmann of 400 Davis
Htreet. The dead chickens were being put
In a pack to be sent to the store when
Wltzemann appeared upon the scene.
Inspector Witzomann has expressed his
lntr-ntlon of condemning all turkeys or
chickens whose throats are not silt In the
markets preparatory to dressing them for
Bale. Borne dealers, he says, arc In the
habit of dashing tho turkey's head against
the wall, thus breaklnK Its neck. The law
compels "Wltn^mann to condemn a cow
which breaks its neck, and he proposes to
act similarly in the case of fowl.
Qler's Tonic Port doe» not over-stimulate. It
purifies the blood and rivet strength and rlfor.
Theo. Gler Co.. Oakland. •
MAIL STEAMERS
AND WARSHIPS
SAIL TOGETHER
lowaand Philadelphia
Off on a Cruise.
AUSTRALIA FOR HONOLULU
00PTI0 GETS AWAY FOR THE
ORIENT ON TIME.
Thera was an exodus of warships, mail
i steamers and transports yesterday. They
; all got away about th« same time and
! round about 4 p.m. five of the largest ves
i sels that come to the port were off the
I Farallonea making their courses. At 2:16
p. m. the battleship lowa and the cruiser
Philadelphia, passed Melggs wharf at half
speed. At 2:33 p. m. the Mail steamer
Australia followed In their wake and ten
minutes later the Coptic put In an appear
ance. At 3:10 p. m. the transport Vic
toria passed along and was within hailing
distance of the rest of the fleet when they
were discharging their pilots.
The lowa and Philadelphia are bound
for San Diego, where they will be Joined
by the cruiser Marblehead. All three yes-
I sels will then go for a cruise along the
coast of Lower California and from thoie
I to Magdaiena Bay for gun practice. The
' Australia and Coptic are l»oth bound for
Honolulu. The Australia goes to that port
alone, but with the Coptic the Island cap
ital Is only a port of call. From there the
goes to Yckahama and other Japanese
ports and thence to Hongkong. There
was some talk of a race between the two
steamers, but the Australia Is In no trim
for making speed and no attempt will be
made to get her Into Honolulu ahead of
time.
The Australia carried the following cabin
passenger*: .
Mr». C. A»he. J. B. Atherton. wife !
and two grandchildren; c. O. Baker. B. I
Baxter, Mr». R. H. Beamer. Miss B.
Beamer. Miss 1. B*r*«ford. Miss Bernard.
Miss M. E. Blgley. Miss F. E. Bishop,
O. W. Blssell and wife. H. C. Callachan. C.
J. Chapman. Mx». H. E. Cooks. Sinter D«i
phlne. T. B. Dickens. H. Dlnkla««. Miss M.
Uonohue. G. Duval and wife. Al Rutland. Mrs.
K. \\ Edgar. Miss E. EUeton. J. O. Gardner.
Mrs. Chalmers A. Graham and three children.
I* T. Grant and wife. Mrs. E. F. Green. M.
Green. C. W. Griffin, wife, child and maid;
A. Haas. John Hackett. Captain I. A. Haynea
and Infant. Hon. David Hilger and wife. Miss
Maud Hllrer. Master D. J. Hll er. E. W.
Hockley. H. Hodgson and wife, Mr». \V. L.
Howard. Thomas Hughes. Dr. Humphles and
wife. F. Hustaee. wife and son; Mrs. F. Keat
ing. M. 11. Kersh w and wife. Miss Ida E.
Lawrence, Mrs. W. Llshman, Miss A. Irish
man. Mrs. C. F. Little. W. H. Locke and wife. I
H. May, \V. B. Mc!--an. J. K. Miller and wife, j
Dr. A. Morltz. J. C. Palmer. P. Peck. W. P. !
Poston and wife. Mrs. E. O. Hl.-s-r. Bister j
Robertlna. Sister Susnana. Miss E. Totten. F. '
J. Turk and wife. Richard Turner and wife. !
Miss K. Ward. J. H. Wilson.
Captain R. T. Lawless went out as mas
ter of the Australia this trip. He was
chief officer of the vessel for a number
of years at d as euch became a sreat fa
vorite with the traveling public. Yester
day before the mall bout got away his
many admirers turned his stateroom in
to a bower oi roses and carnations. Cap
tain Lawless takes the place of Captan
Houdlette. who remains behind to take
command of the Marlposa, due here to
morrow morning. Captain Hayward.
whom Captain Houdlette will succeed,
foes East to bring out the new steamer
'entura. now beinp constructed by the
Cramps for the Oceanic Steamship Com
pany.
The transport Victoria, which followed
the warships and mall steamers out. was
delayed owing to a board of survey be
ing appointed to inspect the vessel. When
she sailed from Seattle it was asserted
that the accommodations for tk« horses
An Excellent Combination.
1 The pleasant method and beneficial
effects of the well known remedy.
Syrup, of Figs, manufactured by the
California Fio.Svrup Co., illustrate
the value of obtaining the liquid laxa-
tive principles of plants known to be
medicinally laxative and presenting
them in the form most refreshing to the
taste and acceptable to the system. It
is the one perfect strengthening laxa-
tive, cleansing the system effectually,
dispel] colds, headaches and fevers
gently yet promptly and enabling one
to overcome habitual constipation per-
manently. Its perfect freedom from
every objectionable quality and sub-
stance, and its acting on the kidneys,
liver and bowels, without weakening
or irritating them, make it the ideal
laxative.
In the process of manufacturing figs
are used, as they are pleasant to the
taste, but the medicinal qualities of the
remedy are obtained from senna and
other aromatic plants, by a method
known to the California Fig Syrup
Co. only. In order to get its beneficial
effects and to avoid imitations, please
remember the full name of the Company
printed on the front of every package.
CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP CO.
SAN FRANCIBCO, CAL.
I>OUiaVTIXE. K Y NEW YORK. V. T.
For sale by all Druggist*.— Price 50c per botUo
II 111 1 111! I dIMM " cured or no
HI Irl I I X ? ay vNo detention
Ml 111 from business. DRS.
1 111 I I UI IL MANSFIELD & POR-
IIVTI I Wl TERFIELD 8M Mar-
1 ket *t.. San Francisco. .
and cattle were not good. A* soon as the
Victoria passed out through the straits
of Juan de Fuca she was caught In a
gale and many of the horses were killed,
necessitating a return to Seattle. There
the rest of the carro was discharged and
the vessel was sent here to load.
Tuesday night she was Inspected after
all her new lot of horses was aboard and
as a result forty-six animals were put
ashore. Yesterday morning she was In
spected again and ten more animals were
landed. After that the Inspectors allowed
her to sail. As soon as she was straight
ened out off Folsom street wharf tho
transport fired a parting salute of five
guns.
Chief Officer F. E. Frazer of the trans
port Sheridan will become a benedict this
evening. Ho Is to be married to Mis*
Hannah R. Morse, daughter of Captain
Morse of the Hawaiian four-masted bark
Fort George, at the home of the bride.
Captain Frazer was master of the Ameri
can bark St. Katherlne from the day she
was launched until she was sold to San
Francisco owners. Then he became chief
ofnrer of th* cc!!ler Mineola and a few
months ago was appointed to the Sheri
dan. Captain Frazer and his bride-elect
have a host of friends In San Francisco,
who will Join In congratulating the happy
couple.
The schooner Martha W. Tufts Is now
out twenty-nine days from Grays Harbor
for San Francisco, and fears are enter
tained for her safety. Like the other
overdue?, she may have been driven off
shore and may now b« making her way
bnck to port. .
The steamer Dora, which has been car
rying the mall In Alaskan waters during
the past season, arrived In port yesterday.
During one of her trips she ran on an
iceberg and had a narrow escape from
going down. After some hard work she
was got to Juneau and overhauled. Bhe
finished her season's work and Is now
home again as sound as when she left
port.
Grocers Elect Officers.
The nnnual meeting of the Retail Gro
cers' Protective Union of San Francisco
was held yesterday afternoon at 214 Cali
fornia street. The following" officers were
elected for the ensuing year: President.
J. T. Hurley; vice president, Hermann
Methmann; treasurer, Henry Hartje; di
rectors—D. W. Frische. Ed Atzeroth, J.
tl. Florence. L. H. Kohn H. Wohlkfnjr,
Charles Hemjnjr George Bartels, Valen
tine Hassmer. Charles Luhrs. secretary,
Henry Hauser.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Cures Blood Poison
A Trial Treatment Sent Free to All
Who Suffer From Any Stage
of the Disease.
Cures Cases That Hot Springs and
All Other Treatments Fallel
to Even Help.
There has been discovered by the State
Medical Institute. 203 Elektron building-. Fort
Wayne. Ind.. the most remarkable Blood Poison
cure ever heard of. It has cured all such In-
dications as mucous patches In the mouth,
sore throat, copper colored spots, chancres,
ulceratlons on the body and In hundreds of
cases where the hair and eyebrows had fallen
out and the whole skin was a mass of bolls,
pimples and ulcers this wonderful specific has
completely changed the whole body Into a
clean, perfect condition of physical health.
Every railroad running Into Fort Wayne brings
scores of sufferers seeking this new and marvel-
ous cure and to enable those who cannot travel
to realize what a truly marvelous work the In-
ftltute It accomplishing they will send free to
every sufferer a free trial treatment so that
every one can cure themselves In the privacy
of their own home. This Is the only known
cure for Wood Poison. Do not hesitate to
write at once and the free trial -will be tent
sealed In plain package.
AMUSEMENTS.
TO-DAY'S
THE DAY.
A 7 THE Orpheum,
At 1 O'CLOCK SHARP.
MONBTER CONTINUOUS PERFORMANCE
IN AID OF TUB
CHARITY FUND
—OF THE
Associated Theatrical Managers
of San Francisco.
TDE GREATEST BILL EVER OFFERED.
FREDERICK WARDB and MRS. C M
BRUNE In the Balcony Scene from "ROMEO
AND JULIET."" Columbia Theater.
The FRAWLET COMPANY. In 'THE LJT-
TLEST GIRL." from the California.
An act of "THE CHIMES QF NORMAJfDT."
from the Grand Opera House.
An act of "Mother Earth" from the Alraxar.
CAMI L L E D'ARVILLE. CORXILLe'
OEORGE FULLER GOLDEN. HAMILTON"
HILL and the Cream of Vaudeville, from the
Orpheum.
ANNA LICHTER and FERRIS HARTMAN'
from the Tlvoll.
The ARABIAN ACROBATS of the GEOR-
GIA MINSTRELS, from the Alhambra.
MAJOR MITE, from the Chutes.
THE MOHRINO BROTHERS, from tac
Olympla.
GRAND OPEN AIR CONCERT AT NOON
BY THE $5000 CHALLENGE GEORGIA MIN-
BTRELS BAND.
CARRIAGES AT S:SO.
The Manaftera and Actor* have helped
evsry known charity. Now help them.
Reserved Beats. $1 50. $1 and 800. General
Admission. 50c and ISc.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENINO.
FHAHK MALL
Butdulng '"Wallace."" the Monvtr Lion.
MAJOR MITB,
In His Great Imitation of CORMLLE.
ADGIE ANDTIER LIONS,
ELLA HURT Coastlnr the Chutes
And a Great Show.
Visit the PARISIAN SCREEN DOOR MAZB.
TONIGHfTfHIRSDAY,
AMATEUR PINAFORE
MINSTRELS.
Ffcon* for Seats— Park a. j
' BBTABUaitBD tBG3.
C. CURTIN,
911-913 Market Street.
HOLIDAY GIFTS.
HOLIDAY GIFTS,
HOLIDAY GIFTS.
IMPORTANT CLOVE NEWS.
250 dozen I-Clasp French Pique Kid Gloves, gusset ed ftrgera, an
excellent glove at 11.00. but owing 10 the large quantity purchased
will be sold at 850 a pair, or 6 pairs for 95.00.
These make a most acceptable and useful Holiday gift,
HOSIERY SPECIALS.
Ladles' Hermsdorf Fast Black 40-Gauge Hose, doable soles, high ;
spliced heels and extra wide welted elastic tops, a regular I for 11.00 '
grade, on sale at 25c pair.
Boys' Heavy 3-Thread Bicycle Ribbed Hose, fast black, a great '
wearer, regular 20c value, at 12Hc pair.
We carry a full line of the "Black Cat" Brand Hose for children,
Including the heavy "Leather" Stocking for boys; Extra Fine Lisle
Thread and Maco Cottons for misses, also the Combination Stock-
Ing (3-thread cotton leg with fine cashmere foot), the best winter hose
manufactured, all at 25c per pair.
Men's -Gladiator" Bocks, combed Maco yarn, double soles, silk
finish and seamless. In tans and blacks. 100 pair, really worth 15c
MEN'S UNDERWEAR.
Heary Fleece-Lined Underwear Shirts and Drawers — in gray
and blue, <lnished with flat clastic seams, double cuffs and ankl-ts.
for comfort and durability these garments are unexcelled. 40c each.
THE SWELiLBST LINE OF GENTS' NECKWEAR IN TUB CITY.
FANCY DEPARTMENT.
A large assortment of Ostrich Feather Boas, In white, gray and
black, from 92.50 to 925.00 each.
AN ACCEPTABLE HOLIDAY GIFT.
HANDKERCHIEFS.
800 boxes Ladles' Embroidered Handkerchiefs, each box assorted
91.50 a box.
100 dosen Gents' Initialed Silk Handkerchiefs, extra value at 250
sOc and 75c each.
Gents' Bilk Reefers, at 91.25. 91.50, 92.00 and 92.50.
New Pocket-Books. from 25c to 95.
A splendid assortment In plain and silver mounted. Ladles' and
Gents' Bilk Umbrellas, from 93.00 to 910.00 each.
RIBBONS.
'X most complete stock of Satin. Gros Grain, Moire and Taffeta.
Ribbons at very low prices. j
ORDERS FROM INTERIOR FILLED WITH CARE. SAMPLES
AND PRICE LISTS ON APPLICATION.
CrCURTIN,
Telephone, South 280. 911-913 Market Street.
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
SUCCESS! SUCCESS! SUCCESS!
Every Evening and Saturday Matinee^
Brilliant Performance of
Tar and Tartar
Big Cast of Favorites and
FERRIS HARTMAN.
POPULAR PRICES. He and Wo.
Telephone for Seats, Bush 9.
Watch the Announcements for the Orand
Holiday Extravaganza.
"LITTLE 80-PEEP."
COLUMBIA 1^"-
Engagement of the Distinguished Actor.
« FREDERICK WARDE
Together with MR. AND MRS. CLARENCE M.
BRUNE and an Excellent Company.
TO-NIGHT AND MATINEE SATURDAY
"ROMEO AND JULIET."
Friday and Saturday Nights.
"THE LION'S MOUTH." v
Sunday Night. "RICHARD 111
Next week— Monday, "VIRGINIUS"; Tues-
day. "MERCHANT OF VENICE."
DRIfFQ EVENING 25 to 91
rI\IWLQ MATINEES.. ..aSc to 780
ENTIRE BILL AN INSTANTANEOUS HIT!
The Famous Legitimate Stars.
EDWIN MILTON ROYLE
& CO.
The Monotogist.
GEORGE FULLER GOLDEN
And a Big Collection of Vaudeville Stars.
LAST WEEK.
CAMILLE D'ARVILLE,
Queen of Comic Opera.
Reserved seats. lie; balcony, lOo; opera, chairs
and box seats. 60c.
\ Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
califori^tbeate¥l^
V V KNOW
THAT THE FRAWLET COMPANY
WILL LAY OFF NEXT WEEK.
TO-NIGHT— ORAND REVfVAL OF
THE SPORTING DUCHESS.
And to Continue Until Saturday Night.
NEXT SUNDaTaFTERNOON.
SPECIAL!
The Big Rag-Time Sensation From the East.
/'THE HOTTEST COON IN DIXIE."
Presented by 40 of the Leading Colored Singers,
Dancers and Comedians of Their Race,
Including the Original "CLO-
RINDY ' CHORUS.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN UZ.
ONLY THIS WEEK,
BY GENERAL REQUEST. ONE OF THE
~. . SEASON' GREATEST HITS.
THE CHIMES OF
NORMANDY!
NEXT WEEK— "FLEDERMAUB" (The
Bat), by Strauss, the Waltz King.
Usual Price* Me. 35c. Me. lie and 100
Good Reserved Seat at Saturday Matinee, tic.
i Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
| AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR_JHEATER.
LAST WEEK OF
FRANCIS POWERS* Beautiful Mexican Play.
"MOTHER EARTH"
Preceded by the Laughable Fare* Entitled.
"UP TO WATKINS."
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Monday Night— Reappearance of
ERNEST HASTINGS,
When will be presented the wittiest comedy of
the season.
"DR. BILL."
(THE PEOPLE'S PLAYHOUSE.)
| Eddy and Jones Sts. Phone SOUTH 770.
i LAST PERFORMANCE SATURDAY NIGHT.
MATINEE BATURDAY.
THE ORIGINAL GEORGIA MINSTRELS.
GRAND OPEN AIR CONCERT FRIDAY
NIGHT, 7 to i o'clock, of classic and popular
music, by the Georgia Challenge Band of i*
pieces.
*" A MONSTER PERFORMANCE
Evening— lie. 23c. lie. 60c
MatlneeMSc, jSc. 36c.
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT-
BLACK PATTI TROUBADORS I
Secure Seats NOW and Don't Watt tot
the Big Crush Sunday Night.
Popular Prices— I.''-. 23c. SSe. Me. 75c.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
. isc. lie. xsc and :oc
STEEPLECHASE !
rFVTDII PiDIT >th " nd Market st*.— Open
: IC3IIAL I ARK Dally from 1 to 11.30 p. m.
Admission Includes the thrilling ride on th»
horses. Every winner receives a present. Suc-
cessive winners will I- glvra
A HANDSOME S2O
COLD WATCH.
PROFESSOR HILL, the High Wire Artist:
MECHANICAL HANDS: RAZZLE-DAZELE:
OREAT ROMAN CARROUSEL; BICTCLH
CIRCUS: AERIAL TROLLEY: HARK] OF"
LOVE: EARTHQUAKE FLOOR: MYSTIC
MIRRORS: HUMAN CAPS; HAUNTED
SPRING; LIVELY BLOWER, and a Score of
Others.
! The Completely New Ptock of Prizes Includes
CHRISTMAS PRESENTS AND TOYS.
10c— ADMISSION— I9c.
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION
TANFORAN PARK.
: SECOND MEETINO. Dec. 4-IJ. U». Inclusive.
Six high-class running races every wefk-day.
rain or shine, beginning at 1:30 p. m.
The Ideal winter racetrack of America. Pa-
' trons step directly from the railroad cars Into
I a superb grand stand, glass-enclosed, where
I comfortably housed in bad weather they can
; enjoy an unobstructed view of the races.
Trains leave Third and Townscnd streets at
| 9:00. 10:40 and 11:30 a. m.. and i: 15. 13:23. i: 50
! and 1:23 p. m.. returning immediately after last
race and at 4:45 p. m. Rear cars reserved for
women and their escorts. No smoking. Valencl*
1 street 10 minutes later.
Ban Jose and way stations. Arrive at San
Brun? at 13:43 p. m. Leave San Bruno at 4 ■
and 4:43 p. m.
Rates: San Francisco to Tanforan and return.
Including admission to track, II 23.
W. J. MARTIN. President.
F. H. GREEN. Secretary ir . I Manager.
CONCEBTS AND RESORTS.
y->j>j->_r«j--irij^i^rvr-ir>j-xr-irxj^^ ' " w~i~i~i—i •"•■ l ">
I dMUiailJa SPECIAL NOTICE!
IdllUlallia Th , ranoram* Is open
. a dally from 10 A. M. to i
'01 lUW A correct representation
Ul IUW A ccrrect represenUtloa
of the greatest victory ever
DD 4 A ft? achieved un land or sea.
Dattle 01 surpassing anything ever
*#m»»iw v* exhibited In artlstlo merit
! M •« D*... * nd Interest. Don't fall t<»
Hl/WilA K3V •*'»*»» «• Market street.
; liiaillKl vaj pear Eighth
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 pep Year.
78
iOest
INDIANS TO
PLAY ON THE
LOCAL FIELD
Carlisle School Football Team
and Its Wonderful Rec
ord This Year.
• k ratnoi • mMinn
. ' :n th.^
.
n Will
, I
I
. *lih
I
A representative of Berkeley— David
Brows— fltacford. 'JC. left for Chieigo i
Tu«nla>- «v.t.lng. wher»« a conference a.«
tn detail* «ill be held with \V. H. . tamp
pon. the Carlisle man.iser. The Indian
nquad of player*, including seven'een
men, Ritb Coached Warner and Connor,
will leave lam V* uneyhunla town on Hun
clay afternoon n« xt and on schedule tl'ne
v. tii arrive in uu* city on Thursday, ihu
2Ut ln«t- Two <2ays of .limx-ring" up on tr.e
bjitif-ini: i>nd toisom ureet grounds and
oae v-f rest will ccrtah.ly enaote them to
i>v im tit ooimnJoi, ir>r ih«» frame* of tho
fotlQWinx day; afl Ihe lnuians have la t tie
jj»tt n.)>>! travel better man other East
ern itami>.
'iwo acaabera of th<* Berkeley eleven, la
It lir.eii up on Thaiutafflvtng duv, may not
ptay a?aiti(«! tue Carlisle men— namely,
v.ijial:: v\ " 1 . 1 ; . j • t *■• . wn<>f>e s*u?}>eiisiiin bar*
hu;i. and HIU, left «-n«l. i«»t«l nur^in? a
lifciiri broken rarty in thi- nrr-t half of
the bis Itame. 'ibetr absence wjtl not
leasea ihe i«..:n !»tt<.-:.gth. Clay ami Ma«
tcre. ibe tacttje and end rabstftutea; re-
I'jjorvA <-'y . brlU£ ;■:; ■: i'ili.i'.l> equal iii skill
to the regular une tn«*n. tfltn r.^r quar-
Ti : .if Ji;.<k!" aniaot the California offensive
dash \v:il not be lacking. The rusn'ng
:nrr.- <>t iJ-.»m- i»;.»\«tk will, bowerer, be
tcrtcd against the highly !-u
jn-rior inlian lino, l'hat California 8 gnat
eleven will b« In iwrtect trim t. t battle
T.-r the Western p.isltion In the football
v»rlil there ;^ not « «luutjt. The team l? to
cope v.vii Bart era mfthwlt of play «xc
<-ui«"l by la.-t. dating plajren ot years of
experience In Mvete matches with iho
Mri'tigrst rnl!f>K<» eleveai In t!i^ country,
an<l every possible «-nnrt will be mail«> ijy
«oj.« !i«-.. and tr.on to moi-t the n< w condi
tions FUf Carlisle IttJiunc on \h* »fa
ppn'a shoivlriK rank easily amonn the t\et>t
tc-sms and rertaJnly d«mun»«tr«t«»d tt:«ir
hupertorlty over «"orn»-u, Columbia and
Pennsylvania and «n equality on comiiar
atiw ! ;t-^is Kith old Vale neraelf. Tbt-y
«rer« «!<-f< at<-d only by Harvard and
l'rlncctun. It is «-a>>ily sf<>n that stiff work
Js rut -ait f«>r tho California l»o>» in t tie
corr.ir.t match, which will s«tv« as th«
lirft criterion u( our Wes-turn foot ball dc
\<•!< i'i:i. nt.
-
-
■
. ■
■
-
■ I
■
■
:
A great part of their Fueoess Is due to
th«« j«rt that the- personnel of the eleven
chances but little from year to year,
many <>f the m«-n having been enrolled at
the Ouvernm.-iit school at Carlisle for six
y. ars T!".ey have learned slowly, how
ever, their tlrst wa^m several years ago
having given them the rudiments of pluy;
thr !r Mxond the tlneuse of line work; their
third Mill cleverer developments In back
luld formation, followed lastly by a
knowledge f the art <.f punting and drop
kicking until they now stand out as a
w.n rounded pleven. While rather more
I«rone \o succumb to l»,dily Injury than
«me would lmnglne they Mill pos?ep<« w.m
rterful endtumnr« in the way of keeping
up fast play «nd are rerkl«s* to a high
fleprt* In throwing themselves at a line
<r In open ftYld tackling.
Nothing in the line of Hudson's drop
Klrkine has ever lie.-n seen on thli coast
In onlynne Fame of the year- that against
Princeton— has he failed to send the ball
fulrly over the g.ial for a five point pain.
Metnxen and Seneca nre desperate line
Mnashers. while Win-clock and Pierce are
jruards f.f great strength and Rgilltv In
their last came, the one aeainM. Cnlum-
Ma. Seneca, the halfback, made separate
runs of rr.. :n r, 40. C, and T!, yards each.
Tm-lr >■ w » ork college opnonents (vic
tors over Ynlci could make no pains
through the Indian line or around !t The
Indian touchdowns Rr« converted Into
jrouij not br the usual place-kick method
but by the drop kicking of the phenome
nal ilnfl«on.
■
■
their
■
■
■
«^_^ s
! MORPHINE, 1
o Laudanum. Opium, Yen She and Cocaine I
g Addiction Cured. o
g ". . o
O . 3 only ktow n remedy that "antidotes" the druir In the system. O
r. thereby removing permanently all desire for It. V
6 . No lone, tedious course of '•reduction." but a quick, painless and X
& harmless cu.-e with every atom of the drug eliminated and the cure per- X
6 mar* * V
P The remedy Is purely vegetable and absolutely free from the slight- 8
:' "■' delctertoua effects even with the most delicate persons Q
! GI YONG YEN
r Is no quick and positive in its action, so safe and certain In Its effects «
y, ihat patients may deposit th- fee in any bank or elsewhere until they 8
Z u.\* perfectly cured and all desire for the drug Is removed - w ' X
fi No pain, no suffering, no nervousness, no longing for stimulants or Q
(i "»om<thlni{ to take the place of the drug. " O
O one patient said: It Is the humane cure, because one sleeps most »
V of tho time. Patients treated at home or in our private sanitarium 0
y. All -mm and letters are sacredly confidential. The afflicted may con- O
/ M- their secret wltn the assurance that It will not be revealed nor their »
A f»ifjfl<lrnce betrayed or misplaced. v. v .\ Q
/) Houm— lo a. TO. to 4p. m. and 7toBp. m. 8
I DR. CEO. W. WILLIAMS, I
4 216 Kearny St., San Francisco, Cal. 1
BIGGEST SPORTING EVENTS OF THE DAY
been stipulated, however, with the com
mittee that football alone Bhall receive
the benefits of a cuccenaful financial out
come of the frame, Manager Muraa and
the players having insisted that the pro
ceeds l>o set a.«lde in a medal sinking
fund for a university training hou«e.
BASEBALL NOTES.
Flans for Next Season and the For
mation of Teams.
Th« champions of the California L.eatruft.
Sarramonto's ••am. and the local ball
tossers have had their Innlncs with the
all-ptar iiKKroicatlon. Sacramento played
three games, winning one; the locals play
ed two (tamcc, loataaj both. On Saturday
and Sunday Oakland will be given a
chance to show Its mettle when pitted
inraJnct the returned CallfornUtns.
All the pames have been fairly well
played, and one in particular, the Sun
day match between Sacramento and the
Ali-CaHfornlans, was the very best ex
hibition of ball seen on a local diamond
for some years. As the teams stand at
I present, Oakland is a stronger nine than
I San Francisco. In the games Saturday
I afternoon and Sunday Oakland will have
I Its best men. Horchers pitching Saturday
and Steffani Sunday.
Men are being signed or pledged by the
managers for next season. Cul lOwing
announces that he will start the season
with about the same team he has at pres
ent. This will give Oakland a great chance
at the beginning: of the series, for the nine
as now organized Is strong and equal to
ROYALLY BRED YEARLINGS FROM NAPA STOCK FARM.
THK annual sale of yearling thoroughhreds from A. B. Bpreckels' Napa stock farm will take place to
night at Occidental Horse Exchange, 721 Howard street. Frank W. Covey, superintendent of Palo
Alto ptock farm, will be on the block as auctioneer. The sale has attracted widespread attention
nmong the horsemen now racing strings here. On the first day of January three yearlings will
graduate to the two-veir-old division, for which the various racing associations offer valuable purses.
The youngsters are all big and lusty, and being by tried sires and dams, ehould more than hold th^'r
the boKt. H:mk Harris win probably sljm
«n EaFtom battery, while Sacramonto is
trylJiK out a number of new young men
at thlp early date.
At the beginning of the year the Cali
fornia I^eaßue officials will come together
with the managers and prepare plans for
next season.
AMATEURS MATCHED BY
THE COLUMBIA CLUB
On the evening of the 22d the Colum
bian Athletic Club wil hold one of Its
popular flstlc exhibitions. The last one
held by that club was well attended, and
Its managers were hiphly complimented
for Btopptni the fake HMhi between Vick
eni and Ryan and ordering both men out
of the ring. Toby Irvine of th. Observa
tory Club and Tom Murphy of the Co
lumbia Club will furnish the event of the
evening. They will tight at US pounds
and Wit] ft" eight rounds. The other events
are as follows:
George Bakar. S. F. A C, vs. William
Martin of I^os Angeles. 131 pounds, eight
rounds: Joe Bell Manhattan Club. vs.
James Hlggins, 8. F. A. C. 130 pounds,
right rounds; Mike McClure, Columbia
Club. vs. Dan Regan. Excelsior Club. US
pounds, eight rounds: A! Thlckett. 8. F.
A. C. vs. James Hamilton. Columbia
Club. 11* pounds, eight rounds.
The Ban Francisco Athletic Club Is
making an effort to match Henry wl«
and Charles Rochet to to meet on the 2£th
lust. Both men were winners last Tues
day evening and ■ fight between thorn
will undoubtedly prove a drawing card.
Useful Christmas Presents.
Beautifully Illuminated boxes filled with
pood writing paper, tied wMh silk ribbons,
make useful and handsome Christmas
presents. For sale by Sanborn, Vail &
Co.. 741 Market street. •
A G«ntlemen's Night.
AI.AMKI'A Dec. 13.— Tho Encinal Club
Rave a successful "gentlemen'B night" at
It* rlubrooms last evening. A large num
ber of guests were present and an excel
lent programme was rendered. This Is
the pecond entertainment of this sort
since the reorganization of the club. It Is
the intention of the members to make
their "gentlemen's nights" a feature of
th«- new club, and as the organization
numbers among its members some of th
lx-Ft known musicians and entertainers on
the coast the social evenings will be
eagerly looked forward to.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1899.
SEND THEIR
BEST DOGS
TO THE SLIPS
High Class Entry for Open
Stake at Union Coursing
Park.
The draw for this week's open stake at
Union Coursing Park, held last night,
brought out a notably high-class entry.
The best representatives of the kennels
of Curtis & Sons, T. J. Cronin. James
Dean, Pasha Kennels, J. OShea. Gus
Abererombie, Frank McComb and R. E. de
B. LopeSJ are among the entries. The to
tal prize money is IMb, divided as follows:
To the winner $110, runner-up $70. third
150. three at. $30 each, six at $20, twelve at
$15 and twenty-four at $10. The draw last
night resulted as follows:
Nln«ty-«lx-<lo& c&>n »lakr— R E. de B. Lo-
i r** 1 * Kara v«. P. Doyle's Wild Monarch: Pasha
Kennels' Emm J'anha vs. Matter it Held's Pat
I H.illj . Gus Abercromble's Hock Island King
vs. It. ■ de H. la^zb Wanda; aterl &
Kaowlea' O'Htra vs. i>. J. Henley's Maori
Land; E. M. KHlogg's Sweet Kmma vs. K.
1 C»xf.rrly's I>ady ltmti' n«>. «'uril« ft Son'n Me-
Kinl^y vs. J. Dean's Connemara: .1 P. Thrift*
Korc^t vs. J. Dean's Gladiator; Sterl 4:
Knowles' Frosty Morn vs. W. H. Lard Re
volver; .1 McCormack'a Harebrain vs. Mahfr
A H'lJ f In. If Fuller. CoßMll Hr"«. Green
Isle vs. Handr & .Smith's Victor Queen; Hus
■ell, Allen & Wilson's Daisy Clalr vs. J. Mo
ron's False Flatterer; Curtis & Son's Fram vs.
| Motif r & K^l'l'c Nellie lUwn. <"..nnell Bros.'
.-• Helen vs. Curtis A- Son's Vanity Fair; llus
1 st 11 Allen & Wilson's Lady Emma VS. J.
', Deun's Glide: F. A. McComb's Royal Flush vs.
l'H«!,a Kennels' Uolllckinft Airs; Curtis &
Son's Cavalter vs. Connell Bros.' Good-by; J.
Dennis' October Woodcock -vs. J. Sheridan's
Forest King:: Curtis * Son's Vulcan vs. Matter
& Reld'i Bad Hoy; 1. Geary's Bonnie Pasha
! vs. Hall * Newe'll's Bunollte; Connell Bros.'
Ixir Boy .- .i McEnroe's Admiral Sampson;
J. .1 E'lmond's Mornlnic Glory vs. 11. H. Gray's
Trrronette; J. McCormack'i« Jennie Reid vs.
Hall & Newell' s Rough Rider; AeOetd Ken
nels' Agamemnon vs. H. H. Orny'B Rona;
Handy * Smith's Magic vs. Jeff Martinet's
Bill Foster; Pasha Kennels' Rest Assured vs.
: Curtis & Son's Cash; J. I. Ross' Jessica vs.
Hall & Ncwell's Nonpareil; D. Chella's Golden
Utji>M>t vs. T. J. Cronln*s Wild Tralee: Curtis
. * Son's Nnrciypus vs. Krwm & Lyons' Sliver
Lyon; Connell Bros.' Dunmore vs. G. Shan
; non's Walt a Little; Gus Abercromble's Miss
Richmond vs. rtiiaalll. Allen & Wilson's Rosle
«:ialr; Sterl &■ Knowles' Slerty Mist vs. Aeneld
Kennels' Athena; 11. Lynch's Lexington vs.
J. L Rnaa' .1 L It; Aeneld Kennels' Aeneas
I vs. J. O'Shea's Vnung Ferenil; Pasha Kennels'
Royal Anne vs. D •' Healey's Lady Clare; R.
E. <3e B. Lopez's Carmenclta vx. H. E. de B.
Lopez's Wonder; .1. Hurley's O X Capitol vs.
J. O'Shea's Golden Gate; Gus Al<eri-r<jmhle'«
Victor Kin* vs. R. L. Taylor's Beauty Spot:
T. .1 Cronln's Depend on Me vs. Handy & ■
Smith's Jennie Wilson; J. J. Edmond's Go On
vs. T. J. Cronln's Thornhlll: J. Dean's Gallant
vs. Curtis A Son's Commodore: M. B. Kavan
afrh's Swedish vs. .1 O'Shea's Young America;
J. Dlckson's Black Bess vs. Pasha Kennels'
Miller's Rabble: CoiUiell Bros. 1 Senortta v«.
R. L. Taylor's Mose: H. W. Rlke's Nancy R
vs. C. CreameT's .I^•■^e Moore; J. Sheridan's
Forest Queen vs. M. B. Kavanartt's Hard
Lines: S. McCalla's Mocorlta (late Rowena) vs.
Erwln & I^yons' May Queen; George Lobu
sen's. Fireball vs. George Burfelnd's Pastime:
; Pasha Kennels' Firm Friend vs. J. McEnroe's
Magic Circle. ■ ■
JOCKEY FLICK INJURED.
Two Horses Fall During a Race at
New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS. Dec. 13.— The track
showed but. little Improvement and was
heavy and lumpy to-day. Indian and Sa
tan Ml at the half mile In the first race,
and Flick, who rode the former, broke his
collarbone in the fall. Results: . f
On* mile— Ben Chance won. Chlckamauga
second, Kanre third. Time. 1;43H.
Six furlong*, heat*: - First heat— Sedan won,
Jim Hoc* second, Albert Vale third. Time
1:13%. ■ V
Pecond heat— Albert Vale won. Galileo sec
ond. Jim Hoick third. Time, l:l!>4.
Third heat and race, run oft— Albert Vale
won; Sedan record. ■ Time, 1:23.
Steeplechase handicap, short course— Fred
Perkins won. Zufalll« second, Rrakeman third.
Time. J:I!V4.
Selling, fix furlong*— Merry Day won. Jim
Gore II second. IVlffrtns third. Time. 1:1? H. ■
Selling:, one mile— Frank McConnell won,
Lillian Reed second, Astor third. Time, 1:47.
m
Played a Tie Game.
PAN JOSE, Dec. 13.— The football pame
at Cyclers* Park to-day between the
own in any company. Horsemen who have rcen the yearlings are enthusiastic over ramboreres, tht
Muck coll by Imp. Itlallum <>iv «>f Imp. fandld. BiHz<bub has also won many admirers. He Is a halt
brother t<> Bamboult*, winner of Mm raco*. and alwuys a con<i.itont \>ortorn\er. It is a matter of prldt
th.M nf the thirty jrotngstcn from Xapa KtOCk farm WdM \MM\ y(;ir, all but two h.ivp be«H rrturned win
'V)\\< is ;i remarkable ■bowing with thoroughbreds, untried before sale, and Indicates the carelul
n ■ and dums to produce tbi
teams of the Normal R.-hool and th Santa
Clara College resulted in a tie— « to 6. li
was warmly contest) 1 and the honors
were about even.
NEW CUSTOMS TARIFF.
Agreement of European Representa
tives as to China.
LONDON, Dec. 14.— The Dally Mall pub
lishes the following dispatch from Shang
hai: "It Is reported here that the British
t and other Ministers at Peking have
agreed to a revision of the Chinese cus
toms tariff on condition that a joint for
eign and Chinese board shall be appointed
to control the expenditure and the extra
i revenue."
Sousa's Airs Favored.
LONDON. Dec 13.— opening per
formance of "The Mystical Miss" at the
Comedy Theater this evening was kindly
received by the audience and the critics,
although Mr. Sousa's catchy airs were
, liked better than Mr. Klein's libretto.
{ LISTEN, WEAK MEN ! |
. 481^ Hear These Grateful Voices. ;
; y^5P See How Happy These Men Are. •
•^ Si ) T^ c World Holds Joy for Them. •
•^yff^^Sinw^ There Is a Cure for You Also. ;
• wH/t^^^^r) are many remedies and few cures for the loss •
0 ?s*%£!*s& A | of vital, nerve and muscular strength; for those #
• *Q^3&m J&\ weaknesses which deplete the physical body of its #
1 manhood. Th re is one grand and never-failing remedy •
* i^" : v^-v when ir is a PP lied ri ght — that is Electricity. It will cure •
• mL '■■■■. '*-giS^ in ever V case when given to the body in the right way. •
* j J^S^^o^BEN\ That explains the success of " •
; . mam/ DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIG BELT \
I RHEUMATISM AND WEAKNESS. This S rand - never-failing appliance pours its vigor into the weak- #
• ened parts in a steady, -gentle stream, so that the electrical energy becomes #
• oienwood. Santa Cru* Co.. Cai.. Dec. 7. 1899. 'f. part f . of the anatomy, never to leave it. I have mv own method of applica- i
0 dr. m. a. Mclaughlin. tlon » tne result of twenty years of study, and my Belt wiil cure after every •
i Dear sir— rour Electric Beit treatment ha so other similar appliance fails. ' Try it. The Dr. McLaughlin Electric Belt is 7
• wonderfully improved my condition that iam now the one that does not burn nor blister, giving its powerful current through •
4 assisting a friend also to use it for his Sciatic soft cushion electrodes, and having a perfect regulator. ° i
I Rheumatism. / gained a good deal of useful . & r , e> 9
• knowledge from your little book and value that very TR IT TTOT I™ AI" I" f\ f\ f\ B / *
• much. Mine was a terrible case and I had about 11311 IKaI LULL II I 11/
lost faith in any cure But your remedy has saved I | | %m . I LU I I ■ HkL DUUIVI #
me and turned back the hand of. time to youth and ■ ~ ~C*h'. •
<> cured my pains and Rheumatism, Yours truly. , Call at my office if possible and test its wonderful current free Let •
j l. d. van winkle. me show you what it is and has done. If you can't call write for mv o
ii * r— — — — — i beautifully illustrated. 80-page book, giving full information, also symptom
# . blanks upon which I will advise you free if my Belt will cure you. #
if FIR M A Mrl AlinHl Il\l 702 Market St., Corner Kearny, San Francisco and *'
I t-^IV* lylm *+• iTICI^/VUIjIILIIII, Burdiok Block, CornerSßringmd Second BtwS Lw iSriti ' •
7 " yU-jti > ■ ' Office hours-* a.m. to 8:30 p.m.; Sundays. 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD in DRUG STORED <,
A SWIMMER
ESTABLISHES
NEW RECORD
H. A. Widcmann Swims 25
Yards in World's Rec
ord Time.
H. A. Wldrmann of the Olympic Ath
letic Club was credited last nl^ht with
• wimminK twenty-tlve yards In world's
record time. He covered the distance In
12 2-5 seconds, as against the former rec
ord for the distance of 12 4-.'. seconds,
made by himself In the championship
meeting: held in this city some months
since. He also holds the 60 and 75 yard
world's records. The tlr it and the
measurements will be authenticated and
claim made for the record.
This feat was performed during me
Olympic Club swimming tournament last
night. The Post-street building was
thronged, the occasion being ladles night.
The contests were all close and exciting
and resulted as follows:
Fifty yards, maiden— Won by Ed Connolly.
Wealey Clawson second. Time. 57 1-5 seconds.
25-yard dash— Won by H. A. Wld^mann D.
A. Carle second. Time. 12 2-8 second» (world •
record 12 4-5 second*, held by Wldemann).
Fancy diving -Won by Lester J. Hammer
smith. R. C. Fenton second. D. A. Carroll
1 Candle race-Won by Alex W. P»pe. Other
competitors disqualified because their candle*
were extlnmilshed. _
Obstacle race. SO yard*— by F. Duran,
Oorge A. Klnkel second. Alex Pape third.
220-yard handicap— by C. K. Melroae.
D. J. Carroll second. Time. 3:16 3-5.
100-yard handicap— Won by R. C. Hartmann.
10 seconds: D. J. Carroll, scratch, second; L. J.
Hammersmith. 7 neconds. third Tlm« for
»crat#h man.- 1:12 3-5. Alio started F. I'lnan.
5 seconds, and E. N* Connolly. « seconds.
The official*: Refers. John Elliott; Jud*e»—
Wallace Taylor. Kenneth Melrose and OeorM
James: timer*. M. L. K*Dlnosa and Al Hoff
man; cltrk of course. A. M. Stone; «tarter.
Phil Wand.
Max Wylie, who held the lightweight
and . welterweight wrestling champion
ships of America, was pitted against M,
B. Bayly, one of the chit, novices In the
gymnasium. He threw Bayly after being
on the mat three minutes and forty-five
seconds. They then wrestled tw»»period3
of thirty minutes each, without either be
ing able to gain a fall. "Wylle was clever
on the defensive, but seemed to have only
one hold, a half-Nelson. Bayly, who
welshed 147 pounds to his opponent's 140.
was the stronser pian. }{*• was slow, but
is a promi«dnp candidate for championship
honors. Henry Runs refereed the bout.
Part of Leather Trust.
SAN ANTONIO. Tex.. Dec. —It has
developed to-day that the big cattle con
solidation which has been engineered by
George B. Loving of Fort Worth, and
which has a backing of $50,000,000. is
closely identified with the so-called
"Leather Trust." Mr. Loving, the pro
moter of the consolidation, was in the
city yesterday and met E. R. Ladew of
the leather interests.
Selna Knocks Out Dunn.
SALINAS. Dec. 13.-In a fl*ht to-night
before the Monterey County Athletic Club.
George Solna of Wntsonvllle knocked out
William Dunn of San Francisco in the
first round. Dunn was floored by a right
swing on the Jaw.
£Ast
WENT BACK
IN BETTING,
BUT LANDED
Stake Win of Advance Guard
Fooled the Know
ing Ones.
Advance Guard, carrying top weight,
110 pounds, captured th« two-year-oM
stake event over a mil* at Tanforan Park
yesterday. It became noised about that
the Carruthers & Shields entry did not
fancy muddy going, and from I to 5 hta
odds went to 4to 1. So good a thing mM
Wallenstein. the Corrlgan youngster, that
although the handlrapprr had let him fn
with PI pound*. Vlttltoe was ridden, tar
rying four pounds over weight. In th*
ring his odds were pounded down from
threes to 9 to 5 favoritism. Sunellu. Lim
erick and Bogus BUI made a grout play
for the stake, holding the field to the
stretch, where all three had *nou?h.
About this time Spenrer. on Alvar.co
Guard, began squeezing his war th- >u.,'h.
and gradually scaring down tn*» lead ol
Hindoo Princess, won by a length. W:il
lensteln. after a very bum) ami tcrr.i»«\«<t
uous trip, managed to finish third.
■ Three of the first choice* reached th>
wire In advance of their fields. Th« tong
priced winners were Mn^niw and riylmru.
Barney Schrelber'* FloriJan. at odd.< of
4 to 5, took the introductory scramble
from Giro. Th« latter led to the stretch.
where he began backing up and wad
beaten four li ngtha Antolnctta. a I'JO to I
shot, ran third.
The ponderous Yaruba. with Burns on
his back, had Brm rail In the hitting In
the slx-furlong run n-xt docidr-d. i\
showed some -"i" • d but was unable to
make It. In a duel through the stretch
Bullman. astr. ■«* the 10 to 1 nut»l<W Me
ntis, got home a head In front uf Hpnda.
Tommy Glover, a very clever pll<n "nvi-r
the sticks." rode v pretty race on rh«
favorite. Granger, for the mile and a fur
long hurdle affair, winning cleverly from
Monlta. Th*- Inst named horse looked hII
over a winner before taking the last
jump, but ground los«t there cost him th»»
race. Major S. the second choice, finished
third.
J. Carroll's mare, Daisy F. I 3 to 3
choice for the mile and a sixteenth run.
got to the wire first, three. lengths before
Lena It looked a soft spot, but '!;••
daughter of Hlley Is not yet up to l;ist
season's form. Owyhee came from tht>
far rear, taking show honors.
A bundle of roln was bunuM up over th«
defeat of Montgomery In the final »lx
Continued on Page Thirteen.
TEN CLUBS
TO STAY IN
THE LEAGUE
Clcvc^ani ard Louisvil'c Will
Drop Out olo l the Base
bi-1 C rcuit.
Special Plopatch to Th* rail.
NEW YORK. Dec. 13.— The mretlnir of
the National League of Profession*] Base
ball Club* was continued to-nlKht and the
league representatives probably will be In
session until Saturday. After the close of
a nlx-hour session to-day It was officially
announced that nothing had born done.
Rumors regarding the proposed reduc
tion of the league are numerous and per
sistent. It la *«I<l that all hope of lop.
plntc off four clubs hn* h«>en Riven up.
ut that the season »* open with ten
clubs In harness. «'l»-vetand nnd Loutsvtl!#»
tnt; the two clubs which it is proposed
to drop. "
The election of Harry PullUin as secre
tary of the newly organized IMttsburtr
club to-day Rives color to the report that
Louisville at least ha* Keen it* last year
In the hi* league.
A deal was completed to-day by which
Cllnicman and Dexter, two of the Louis
ville players, were sold to the Chlcuio
Club. '
Automobiles in Postal Service.
CLEVELAND. Ohio. Dec. 13.— The Pn««t
offlce Department has authorized tho trial
of an automobile collection service In cer
tain sections of this city. It Is claimed
that mall can be. collected more quickly
and at leas expense than under the pres
ent nystem.MORE WHITEWASHING.
Police Commission Hold Regular
Meeting aud Appoint a Sergeant.
The Police Commi^on ... last oven
[n« and utter an hour-s imton adjourned
wihout transacting the business that was
I xpectcd of it. Commissioner Gunst c ivl
as nn urcuse for not considering the lsnd
beirnrr case that no charts wore fled
wanh-
I aftei ;ui tx-
U^mSu^S' M?.?» Or was promoted
lin S \ead re: r,"d n *?C? C ? 1 * b> ' Sergeant
R- Kirkpatrick Dead.
nfSS^f 5Ei < v-SjK-ak.r of the Howl at
SPgSSStf S£2r*Z Slr Geor^ e haJ been
___ ADVERTISEMENTS.
iMCARTr^S
SEGK HEADACHE
Positively cured fey tbese
Little Pills.
They also T«lirve Distress from DyspeptJa,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per.
feet rcn&dy tor Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste to the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Uowcls. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. small Dose.
. ; 6ma!f Price.
i^)9 l i [ I A VI
'n TAILOR ITS and
OVHRCOATS.
Sack Stilts arc now $15 50
Frock Suits $22.50
Prince Albert Suits $25.00
Full Dress Suits $40.00
Overcoats $20 00
Pants $4.50
i(Pcfirim \
1110-1112 Mnrkot str^t, P.in Frnrclftco.
201-203 Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
1011 Wahhinstou street. Oakland.
i AS ,'? \c \ \ \ v
)/ / h l m '} .vi \ \V^
coa,«ciit i-»
It Will Make You Feel Good
When your wife tells you on Christmas
morning that your shirt front and col-
lar rivals the whiteness of the lilies.
There is nothing that can encircle your
neck, outside of h«T snowy arm. that
will please you more on Xmaa than a
collar done up with the perfect color
and finish that we put on all linen
laundered here.
United Stats* Laundry. Offlo«
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 4-20.
Oakland Office. 514 Eleventh St.
trtOTHINC SO GOOD! a
TTthn HARMLESS .WT
RUBBER TIPPED RIFLE fIJBS"i N i«l^
a--: PISTOL fo« Sport >na Hj« A
Amusement ELASTIC TlP^gg^jg^j
CO.. 516 Market Street. ""***
ivisi"' OR JORDAN mkatJ
OF ANATOMY^
A r% HI -*- zzl ' :r - li: c - i: -- : - rc - i
T Or bt L»r£*>i.» Aruitoaiical Mnna hi tb* \
A _ ,VU-, U'ond W raiif.-n or Any . . ■•••"'. M
T MH) g:vr»«> »«-%Ul»elyrwr«»*hyih««,ldeU T
O/S jd bpeu&tiacatiMCbut EtL jt ycir» If
i t'Uk OR. JOROAN-PRIYATE DISEASES #
i f flrEa^] t na«ult«tion free tnd itrlrtiir prtvMe \
V I I^tl 1 Trt I'lntnt fjenr n»ly or by " tlri A #
\ I Ire ■ '*•">• A«r» in every MM imdrrtxkra. T
All A WrTlrtl.l.Pßll.OHOmi'tfi
' • J ▼ n*nui»i.i;. MAILSB mill. (Af
A (J (J «»!uki>lc txx>k for m»u/ # . \
Fun •"Bht^AJO.i'ill -Market Su. P. F f
EUGENE FIELD'S POEMS,
A r.oo BOOK.
The n<vk of the Century. H*Bd«
Illustrated thirty-two of ih«- World*
Grtatrtt Artist*.
GIVEN FREE
to each person Interested In BubwerlWnc
to the Eucene ri»-ld Monument Souve.nlr
Fund. ar.y amount desired.
FuJ-Frrlrtlfiriß «ik Jow a* II will entitle
dunor to thli daintily artlntic volume
"FIELD HLOWcj.'S"
. t>- hound. »xll>, i.- a certlflrate of *üb-
rrji;'tlr>n to fund. Mr>'k contains a aelec-
tJon of Field 'b heat and Dion n-pre»enta-
tlve works and 1* ready for delivery. .
Hut for the noble mntrlt.ution of th«
world'! FreateKt artlftn thlr t. ...k could not
f.&ve N-f-n tnanufartured frr le« than V.
The Kund created In divided equally be-
l*«n tbe tnmily of the lute Eusene FlrU
iuhl the Kund for th# hulldlnv of a nionu-
mint to the memory of il.» loved po«t
t * childhood. AiMrwi
ZUtZSt. HELD KO.NCHENT MCTE I IK rCMO,
ISO Monro* hi., Chicago.
«Ali>n at rkiok FUre*.)
If you also vi.>h to ■'-nil poatajre., enclose
10 rent*.
Vrniicn this Journal, a* Adv. if Inserted aa our
Contribution.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A onCAT KUSTOIIATIVIi INVIGORA-
Itcr1 tcr and ICervlre.
Th« moit wondirful cphrodialae and BpecUJ
T<tilc for the Sexual Orcan* of both mxh.
Tbe Mexican Itemedy for I '!!»••»»»• of the Kid-
t,« jfc and Madder, fcell* on it. own m ; r,t*.^
™ NAIIER. AU'ri & HRONE. Af.nta.
Ol Mr" hUx-ct. h. F.— (Seal for Circular.)
HEAVY- WEIGHT SOUBRETTE LOSES
A BATTLE ON THE BARBARY COAST
THE witness stand in Police Judge Mogan's court
nearly collapsed on Monday when Miss Louise
Marshall planted upon it her ample personality,
preparatory to telling his Honor how the war
broke out on th* Barbary Coast. Her 300 odd
pounds of flesh were concealed In the folds of a double
decked mackintosh and her right eye was In mourning
for the liattle ahe had ■■.-t.
At the time of the commencement of hostilities Miss
Marshall was a soubrette In the heavy-weight division at
the Eureka Music Hall on Kearny street. She lured sol
dier boys to the boxes with simps of home and mother
und. once there, found It easy, with her extraordinary
avoirdupois, to flatten their pocket-books. Not another
poubretto or song-and-dance lady or Ingenue could hold
a candle to her. Her head began to take on embonpoint
and her nose assumed Fuch a tilt that It could be Induced
only to the normal level In a champagne glass.
The success of Miss Marshall with the moneyed sex
PHILIPPINES
ABSORB GOLD
LIKE A SPONGE
Financial System of
the Islands.
Among the passengers on the Zo«alandla
was Major Charles || .ire. who was
chief paymaster on the staff of General
Otis. He is now at the Occidental Hotel.
awaiting orders from the War Depart
ment.
Major Met lure went out to Manila with
General Merrltt. and since his arrival
there he has handled over eleven millions
of dollars in Govcinrrent money, wnich
means double that tmoui.t In the coin of
the it-tanas.
The premium on American gold is ex- {
actly II 00. but it v.. ? not always so h'.gh, j
and" the attempts of the paymasters to
keep up the premium occupied a good part !
of their time while In Manila.
According to Major Mcdure, American
gold was always eagerly accepted by the
Manila Lanka and by the tradesmen, but ;
they were 6omc-what shy of the American :
silver money. At flm they would rot pay |
the premium, and It was only when It w*a
proved to th?m that tbe value of the sli
ver dollar lay not in the metal of which
it vras mad« but In the Btamp it bore that
they would take It at the tamo rate as
gold.
The banks in the Islands and in Hong- j
kong are all run on a silver basis, and
that, too, caused endless trouble. The
banks wculd accept gold from the offi- |
cers and men. but they would accept it on
a silver basis, and when it came to draw- ,
ing money out. if the depositors wished
to have grid they had to pay from 6 to 8
p«-r cent premium for It One of th« cap
tains brought his company fund of %24W
to the Hongkong Bank ii. Manila and was
credited with a deposit of $4!«W In inland
money. Next day he wished to draw
bome'out and it was offered to him in
silver. He refused to accept the silver
on the ground that his deposit had been
In gold, but he was told that made no dif
ference; if he wanted gold he would have
to pay 8 per cent premium for it. Then
he demanded his deposit back Just as he
had put It in. but he was refused. Ihoy
I had his gold all right, but he would have
to pay high for it if be wantod to get it
1 out The captain appealed to Major Mc-
Clure and he sent for the provost mar
i shal. Together they reasoned with the
bank officials and finally the captain .got
his money back in gold, less $5 the bank
kept for Itself, for what reason no one
could understand. -..,.
It was *o with every deposit. A deter
mined eOort was made to have it so the
1 officers and men of the army could de
posit their gold in the banks and draw 'it
out again, but the banks would not agree
to any such arrangement- They were
working on a silver basis, they said, and
any one who wanted gold would have to
P Vhis Or state of affairs led to the estab
lishment of a safe deposit by the paymas
ters' department. A strong room was
built In the city of Manila, and any offi
cer or man who wished could leave his
mnnev and his valuables there. At one
time there were nearly 1000 depositors.
Kach man's money or valuables were tied
up in a little canvas bag, and whenever
he dr<»w any out he had Ui make a note
of the fact on a tag attached to the bag.
There was a clerk to keen track of the
bags but no books could be kept. so each
man had to keep his own. It worked Just
as well as a bank and was much less ex
' pensive.
As a matter of fact whenever the banks
I got hold of any of the army gold It was
1 shipped out of the country at once. Major
Mcclure made a deposit of nearly $200,000
on one occasion, and when he went back
after It a few days later $20,000 had been
sent to Hongkong and $150,000 had been
sent to London. He drew out the remain
der. He Revised a way of getting gold
without paying the premium, however,
and after that there was not much trou
1 ble. 1 -
Exchange on America and England is
rather high in the Island*, and drafts on
the sub-treasuries In this country were
corr«»pon<Ungly valuable. First, be
cause they were as good as exchange and
could be secured for nothing, and second.
"DR. PIERCE'B ELECTRIC BELT."
WORTH ITS WIIBHT I /\ _ lAMK BACK OUBID.
N<rr ltt£ '>•- I Td* Electrle ( -^
— Lii^T. »™ I'^vtt^r to ,^^EjJaJ^^^^^<*"*?TS^*^liaCi^aWv L* 11 "-* Pa^-k of TIITR-
Jnfucm you that lam W^rVL^/^.p^ f V^//\Tssffl iuadlnir I »^t tL
«££fat& O th«t haT r botb«re4 mefor Jt \^»- OCMAC^^OTuXbA.
iS? TWR BELT IS WORTS ITB +Aj*r' . OpElr, CaL
VrnoilT IN GOLD. jUaD»oirullT. • Yf\V. C7"rhow«rid« of oor*a like the
Kl>. T. NOK, // k forefolnr nave b«ea made by Dr.
Rio VUU, CaL Pl»rc«"» iroTld-renowD«4 Xlectrio
■ Belt. It It . w*rrant«d to be th*
mnat •eteaUflO and durable body battenr erer patented or Mid In America. Prtoae muck
lower than other* of far In/ertor quality are sold M. If you want th* BEST, yon moat
fcav» "DR • PlffßCETft.
For full particulars tend a to stamp for "BOOKU9T NO. r or call at th* «fflo».
A 44r *" FIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
Ko «3 Mart* St. (ooooait* Paiao* Hotel) Baa Flanolaxn. Eaatern OffUw 1«V ■
Trlo«n* Bu11«ln«. New Torlt.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1899.
Jarred severely on the remainder of the female talent, on
none rryire than Josie Dupree. daughter of the proprie
tor. Fortified by the relationship to the house, Miss Du
pree, even If ehe 1b In the feather-weight class, had nerve
enough to remark time nnd again that Miss Marshall
was a female Jumbo and "gave her a pain."
Even a 300-pound soubrette could not stand that— no, not
from the proprietor himself, and Miss Marshall sought an
explanation. She got It direct a few nights before
Thanksgiving, when Miss Dupree soaked her in the right
eye with a heavy beer glass, putting her to sleep and can
celing her engagement at the house. The Injured sou
brette swore nut a warrant for the arrest of her assailant.
Judge Mogan heard most of the testimony on Mon
day before putting the case over till to-day. He is
Inclined to the belief, In the face of the fact that Miss
Marshall weighs 3<X) pounds and Miss Dupree only 115,
that the preponderance of evidence Is with the prosecu
tion.
because there need be no advice from the
sub-treasuries a* to whether or not there
Is mom y to pay the drafts. In the or
tlinary oourse of events. If a draft be
pn-sentod to a bank In Manila, as is the
case anywhere else, the llrst thing the
bank must do 1b to ascertain If the man
firesentlup the draft has money to pay It
n the lank upon which the draft is
drawn. It costs money to telegraph from
Manila, however, so It becomes an ex
pensive operation. But in the case of a
draft on the United States treasury no
such advice rh that need be sought, 80
wh'ii Major McClure wanted any cold
Dki in Manila were more than anx
l< in t" accept his draft on the treasury.
He found, however, that the banks wer«
hot paying the full premium on American
nnd he determined to use this
privilege of exchange upon the United
States to force the premium up. The
banks were paying 12 03. He demanded
that they ray the m>>n $2 M; If they did
not ho declared he would take no more
gold frrm them. They agreed, but on go
ing Into one of the. banks one day to see
h<>w the agreement was being carried out
ho found them paying only $2 05. The
banks were at once notified that It wan all
off between them and the United States.
an<l the result was another agreement,
thin time an effective one. by which the
banks paid the highest premium. At one
time it was even as high a* $2 06. but It
■ ill n^t remain at that. Major MrClure
ncure.! that by not having to telegraph
for advice and by using the drafts as ex
change, then by not having to have the
gold the drafts represented sent out to
them with a delay of perhaps three
months, the banks saved enough to more
than pay them without having to shave
the premium on the soldiers' pay.
The banking buslnes* with the soldiers
was materially decreased by a permis
sion Major McClure secured before he left
for the islands. Forseeing that a great
many of the men would send hums much
of their pay. he secured permission to pay
such men as would accept them. In
checks. It Is forbidden by the regulations
to pay In anything but gold coin, but the
permission tv pay In checks was granted.
In that way the paymaster's department
r four million dollars, which
wa« paid in checks, leaving the gold they
represented to be used In other ways. It
wiu- no uncommon thing for a captain to
come to the paymaster with a list of men
all living in the same town and drawing
their pay In a lump sum. This ' cheok
would be mailed to some bank In the town
with a list of the amounts aad to whom
they should be paid; and all It cost was
the postage ana one-quarter of one per
cent for Insurance. Thousands of dollars
were sent home In this way.
There was another interesting experi
ence with the Introduction of United
States paper into the financial system Of
the islands. At first gold notes were not
welcome, but soon they went through the
same course as had the silver dollars. As
soon as It became known that their re
demption value wan fully aa good as gold
and It was realized they could be shipped
not by freight but by mail, there was a
rush for them, and the banks gathered
them in. It was the Intention to put them
in circulation In the Islands and by letting
them mingle with the currency of tho
country gradually to bring the financial
syst.-m round to what It Is In this country
: and have business transacted with the
American standard as the basis. With
I this object In view $500,000 In gold notes
were sent out as a venture. The Eastern
soldiers, being used to paper money, were
! glad to get them Then the banks, find
ing they were Just the thing for ship
i ments of coin, went after them and before
lonp the |500. "00 in gold notes had disap
| peared. The greater part of It had b»en
sent out of the country. 81nce then there
have been other amounts floated at dlf
f* rent times and now they have secured
1 a foothold.
"There Is perhapn not mw than $1,100,
000 In native money in circulation In the
1 Islands." paid Major McClure yesterday.
, In describing the financial Bystem of the
I new possessions. "Most of It Is debased
silver coined In Spain and sent out to tne
lslandp There Is Borne native mon>-v,
coined in Manila, and the Filipino Espan
ola Bank had the right to Issue notes.
Resides, there Is the M«-xi'-an money.
B very thing down there Is on a silver ba
' sis, and It 1? hard for nny one used to
I the customs of the United States to
I understand the way they do business.
There is no such thing as a small per cent
I down there. What In the I'nltea Rtntos
■ would be half a per cent or at most one
per cent. In the Islands is two and a half,
! five or eight per cent. Gold is at a pre
i mlum of from six to sight per cent, but It
'Is not kept In the country- It is shipped
I out to England as soon as It is taken in.
Of our own money there is now In circu
lation over $3,000,000 in specie and pap».r.
I The banks are all paying the full pre
mium and the natives are becoming used
to it.
"The question of places for deposit for
tho soldiers was a vexing one at first, hut
Is was settled by the. payments in checks
I and by tho establishment of the snf* de
j posit. I wns In the army of the Potomac
1 and I remember the way the paymasters
would come to the men and pay them
and then what trouble the men "had to
take care of their money and get It home
if they wlshrd to send It there; and I de
termined then that If ever I reached a
position where I could arrange a bet'er
system I would do bo. As It Is now, the
men In the Philippines can send tholr
money home without trouble to them
selves and fur the cost of a stamp; they
can pay hills in the same way and they
can deposit their money in such a man
ner that they can get at It whenever they
wish. Many of them deposit their money
with the. paymaster, as Is allowed by the
regulations, but they cannot draw it
again until they have been mustered out.
It. therefore. Is necessary that they hay«
money where they can draw upon It, and
this has been arranged for them."
Major MrClure believes the war will be
over within twn months. It may be over,
he sayß, before the last of the "troops on
their way to the islands can get there.
The Insurgents, according to him, are a
band of brigands, hated by the people of
the country, wh. are trying to keep *h«
war going until McKlnley has been driv.-n
from office, for they believe a revolution
Is Imminent In this country, with the re
moval of the President for Its object.
Two months more, he is sure, will
settle It
Picture Frames.
We have all the newest novelties In
shape*, woods and finishes In picture
frames. Old Flemish. Dutch. English an.l
gray oaks, mat gilts and bronz'-s, with
mat boards In colors to match. Any pic
ture can be appropriately and reasonably
fitted In our frame department. Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
BENEFIT FOB. ACTORS.
Great Entertainment Takes Place
This Afternoon at the Orpheum.
At 1 o'clock this afternoon the curtain
at the Orpheum will go up for the great
est afternoon's entertainment ever of
fered In San Francisco, the great volun
teer benefit not excepted. It Is the ofter
lng of all the theatrical managers of the
city and Is the means they have taken to
raise fund* to be furnished actors In dis
tress In order that they may bridge mis
fortune. It la riven In the hope and the
belief that the people of San FTanclxco
will respond liberally for the benefit of
those who have never failed to be fcre
mo«t In aiding even' charity.
As!de from this sentimental feature of
the benefit the absolute merit of the per
formance It something that would appeal
to a person with a lump of Ice whero his
heart ought to be. The programme of
fers the- best of everything at the nine
locaJ theaters. Not only will the man fi.it
pays his ?6 cents or 60 cents or $1 get for
the monfljr nine times what he would cr
dlnarlly, l>m he will get the cream with
out any of »he Bkim milk. Any person can
»c« this by running over the programme
which Includes an act of "The chime < of
Normany" from the Orand Opera-house-
Frederick Warde and Minnie Tittle Brune'
now at the Columbia. In the balcony scene
from "Romeo and Juliet": the first act of
"Mother Earth" from the Alcaiar- the
Frawlev company j from the California In
"The Littlest Girl"; Camllle d'Arvllle
Hamilton Hill, Margaret Cornllle. Oeorse
Fuller Golden, the Royle comt.anv
Emonds. Emerson and Emonds and the
Mograph frcm the Orpheum: Ferris Hart
man and Ai.na Uchfer from the Tlvoll-
Ma.ior Mite from the Chutes. Mohrlng
brothers ftom the oiympia and the \ ri T
bian whirlwinds from the Alhamhra
An open-air concert will begin at noon
performance at 1 o'clock
Season of Good Dinners.
ThU la th« icuon for gtxxl dinner*, and
you'll find none better than those at Zln
kan<3"i •
Commercial Travelers.
The Pacific Coast Commercial Travel
em' Association will give a banquet on
the evening of the 26th Innt. at the Mer
chants' Club, and the committee of ar
rangements ha» made preparations for a
very enjoyable evening.
REV. ALEX. N. CARSON CALLED
REV. ALKXANOER NKWTON
(ARSON. D.r>.. pastor of Trln
lty Presbyterian Church at
Twenty-first and Capp streets,
died yesterday mnrntn^ at hi." hOBM fci
121 Bartlett street after an RIIMM Ol
two days. Almoßt to the moment <f
his death Dr. Carbon's sudden Hint--*
was not expected to terminate fatally.
Despite the complication of serious
maladies from which he was a suf
ferer his physicians were confident
that his splendid constitution and the
exemplary '"♦* he had lived would as
sure his recovery. It was not un il
the lant hour, when he began to
weaken rapidly, that his serfous condi
tion was realised, but it was then too
late to do more than relieve his im
mediate sufferings.
Dr. Carson was taken ill on Monday
night while attending a banquet
given by Golden Gate Commandeiy.
Knights Templar. His affection was
one of ihe heart, from which he ha<l
suffered for some years, but from
which he had never before been sen
ously 111. His death Is unusually sa*l,
in that It came upon him in the mid
dle of his honeymoon, he having been
married but two months ago.
Deceased was a native of Morristown. Term.. nnrt .".1 years of age. H« re
ceived his collegiate education at Maryville In that State and Wlb— ajnwitljf
graduated as a minister of the gospel from Lalne's Seminary at thes«metown.
Since that time he has held a number of charges In the Presbyterian or
ganization and was connected with his late charge for two years, being called
there from East Orange, N. J.
STRAW BONDSMEN
PARALYZED OVER
JURY'S VERDICT
Kelly Confident of
Acquittal.
AN APPEAL WILL BE TAKEN
GANG TO KEEP UNDER COVER
IN THE MEANTIME.
Thomas A. Kelly's conviction for having
knowingly and feloniously, accepted a
"straw bond" for the rel< toe of v thiev
ing negro has fallen Ilka a bomb among
the crooked element that haunts the City
Hall for the purpose of perpetrating simi
lar scandals on the people. They are fly-
Ing to cover in bunches and In the mean
time Kelly la ■peculating as to whether
or not he will be given a new trial by the
Supreme Court or whether or not Judge
l-awlor will make an example of him and
give him the full limit allowed by law
lor his crime.
Ex-Judge Dibble, who defended Kelly,
and Kelly himself are confident that re
versible error exists In the record of the
case and that the accused will ultimately
be acquitted. An appeal will be taken
Immediately to the Supreme Court. On
the other hand the prosecution is contl
dent that the conviction will stand and
that the punishment of Kelly will stand
as an example for the rest of his kind.
Although a great deal of credit belongs
to Captain Seymour for his labor In col
lecting evidence against the "straw"
bondsman, more belongs to Judge Lawlor.
Some time ago an attempt was made to
quash the case on the ground that Hellly.
whose name appeared on the band and
who was an Important witness, could not
be found. Judge I>awlor, however, spur
red the police and District Attorney on to
renewed action and the result was that
Rellly was found and Kelly convicted.
The conviction of Kelly has resulted in a
general grill for Judge Lawlor by the
"gang," but thf» Jurist still stands ready
to rule In the same unbiased and fearless
manner, n the event of the arrest of an
other crook of the same stamp, that in a
great measure resulted In the triumph of
Justice In the case just disposed of.
ROBBED OF HIS
VALUABLES BY A
CONFIDENCE MAN
A Victim of Misplaced
Trust.
Until yesterday morning Frederick
: Denges, 1050 Folsom street, had Implicit
trust In the honesty of his fellow-men,
but now he has good and sufficient cause
to change his mind, and he declares that
it will be a long time before he is played
for a "sucker" again.
On Tuesday Bight he was wandering
around the "tenderloin" in search of
amusement, and at Taylor and Ellis
streets i •• was accosted by ■ man who
asked to be directed to Kearny street.
They started a conversation, and the
Stranger told Dense* that he had only
arrived In the city from the north that
■ morning and was temporarily in financial
difficulties. He talked so glibly that
Denges became deeply Interested in htm
I and Invited him to have a drink. They
had several drinks, and the stranger sug
gested they should call In two of the fair
! sex to Join In their hilarity. The sugges
i tion was acted upon and they had more
! drinks.
After they parted from the girls Denges
Invited the stranger to accompany him
j to his home, and the stranger appeared to
hesitate; but Denges was Insistent and
they made their way to 1050 Folsom street.
. They slept in the same room, and before
retiring Denges took a purse out of his
pocket and placed it on a shelf in the
closet. It contained $102 in coin and three
' diamond ring* valued at about $.*««>
When Denges awoke yesterday morning
! his friend had gone, and when he looked
In the closet the purse and Its contents
had also disappeared. He had a faint
recollection that his new-found friend had
. said that his name was Wickler. but he
! could not recollect his Christian name.
Denges hurried to police headquarters and
told of his loss. He was Instructed to
; procure a warrant for the thief's arrest on
1 the charge of grand larceny, bo he ex
plained his trouble to Judge Mogan. and
I the Judge signed the warrant, and the
detectives are now scouring the city for
! "John Doe" Wickler.
The police believe that Wickler Is a con
\ fidence man. and as Denges was able to
give a good description of him they ex
pect to have him behind the bars soon,
unless he has left the. city, which is not at
1 all Improbable under the circumstances.
ANOTHER TRANSFER CASE.
Henry Lefcovitz Arrested for Dis-
turbing the Peace.
Henry Lefcovitz. a newsboy, was arrest
ed last night on the corner of Market r.nd
Powell streets for selling a transfer. The
person who furnished Information is M.
J. Peeples. Judge Tr^adwell released
young Lefcovltz on bonds.
Peoples some two months ago was ar
rested on a charge of disturbing tho
peace. It was on** of his fads to catch
small boys and take the transfers from
thorn. This brought him Into trouble, and
now he Is (ceding his revenge by Inform
ing on the small transfer sellers.
Pecplfs travels under a sobriquet and his
real nam« is supposed to be John Horn.
After the arrest a crowd of newsboys
gathered, chased Horn Into the Emporium
and then out again Into the street. Several
thousand people gathered, shouting '!«■
risively at Horn as a Southern Pacific
"spotter." Mayor Phelan appeared on the
scene and was cheered by the crowd when
he expressed words of sympathy for the
newsboy. ;
HEY. A. N. CARSON.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
SHAKESPEARE'S "AS YOU LIKE IT."
Seymour Eaton.
POPULAR STUDIES I!N SHAKESPEARE.
Contributor* to this course: Dr. KdwarJ Dowden. Dr. William J Rolf* Dr. Hamilton
W. Mabl«. Dr. Albert S. Cook. Dr. Hiram Co r»on. Dr. Immc N. Iwmniun. Dr. VM» D.
Scudd^r and others.
VIII. AS YOU LIKE IT.
BY I>R WILLIAM J R'M.KK
"As You I.ik • It" *;.-■ first prints!, so
far as we know. in the Polio of 1625, but
It was probably written In IW It was en
tered for publication In the Registers of
the Stationers' company on the Itn of
August. MM, with Shakespeare's "Much
Ado" and "Henry V and Den Jonson's
"Every Man in Ills Humor The year
Is not appended to the "i August I' in th«»
Register, but it Is fixed beyond ■ doubt
by other evidence. All four plays were
marked "to be staled"— that is, their pub
lication was temporarily prohibited. The
prim of "Much Ado" and "Henry V"
MIrS JULIA NELSJN AS ROSALIND
was authorized tx-fore th* end of Auk :<«t.
and quarto editions of both m
but for some reason "As* You Like It ' uas
not brought out at that time.
The Sources of the Plot.
In this play Shakespeare dramatized a
popular novel (unless, as Home think, he
made use of an earlier play, now lost,
which was b— d upon the novel), publish
ed In IfH under the title of "Rosalynde.
Euphucs Golden Legacies," by Thomas
Lodge. The book was reprinted in 1592
and at least eight editions appeared be
fore 1643.
Shakespeare followed the novel so close
ly In Its main incidents that an outline of
Lodge's story may serve very well as a
sketch of the plot of the drama. Lodgo
took the preliminary part of the story
from "The Coke's (Cook's) Tale of Game
lyn," which is found In a few of the later
manuscripts of the "Canterbury Tales."
but It is not regarded by the best critics
as the work of Chaucer.
Oam»lyn < Rosader In Lodge) has an
elder brother, who. to get rid of him. ln
hlm to enter a content with a noted
wrestler. Gamelyn In Urn virt.ir In the
match, and to revenge himself upon his
brother attacks his house with an armed
band. After a struggle he is taken pris
oner, but 1b released by an old servant,
Adfatn Spenser, with whom he takes Might
to the forest. This much of the four
teenth century tale Lodge adopts with
trilling changes, Rosader < Gamely nj and
his bad brother Saladyn correspond, of
course, to Orlando and Oliver In the play.
Shakespeare's exiled duke Is represented
by a banished King Gerlsmond, wh De
throne has been usurped by Torlamomi.
Rosader contends with the King's wrest
ler, kills him and gains the love of Rosa
lynde (daughter of the depu-v-d monarch >.
whom Torlsmond noon banishes from
court. His daughter Allnda (Celiai tak-n
her part, whereupon her angry father
banishes her also- Th« two fly (Ko«alynde
in male disguise) and betake themaelves
to the forest of Arden, whither Rosader
has gone. Like Shakespeare's girls, they
adopt the names of Ganlmede and Allena.
In the forest they light upon an old shep
herd. Corldon (Cortn) and a young swain.
Montanus tSllvlus). who is In love with
the disdainful Phebe. The fugitives buy
a sheep farm of the landlord of Corldon.
uh" Is employed by them to take care
of It.
Rosader and Adam, after wandering In
the forest, become desperate with nun
ger und the former leaves his aXe 1 r. r
« hi!" he goes in search of food. H
comes upon CJerlsmond and his company
at their woodland feast, Is welcomed and
goes back to fetch Adam, who is received
with the same cordiality.
Later Rosader falls in with (Janlme l
and Allena, tolls them the story of hi*
love and Is Ml to play at the gam. of
wooing with the supposed youth, the Oi
lando la the play. Alicna proposes the
"Jesting match that after proved to boa
marriage in earnest."
Meanwhile Haladyn. who has been ban
ished by Torlsmond, comes to the forest
and is on the point of being killed while
asleep by a lion, but is rescued by Ko»a
der. A band of robbers attempts to carry
off Allena, and Rosadei', who comes to her
aid, Is nearly overpowered, when Saladyn
appears and the robbers are put to fllg'.t.
This Incident, which Shakespeare on,!'-.
makes the sudden love of Saladyn and
Aliena seem more natural.
Ph<be falls In love with Oanlmede and
sends him a Utter by Montanus. Uant
mede finally promises that he will marry
no woman but her. on condition that If
she pefttMS him she will wed Montana*
The novel ends by Rosalynde's throwing
off her disguise and the three pairs of 'ov
ers arc duly made happy, their marriage
being "solemnly solemnized."
Shakespeare adds th»> characters of
Touchstone, Jaqurs, William and Audrey.
He also makes the banished Duke the
brother of the Emperor, but In the novel
there Is no hint of relationship between
Garismond and T.orlsmond.
(This brief outline Rives no idea of Shakes
peare's indebtedness to Lodge for many minor
details of the action and the dlaloru*. Th«
reader who wishes to trace out these will find
the novel In "fchskesr*-are*s Library" (Mas-
Utt's edition, part I. vol 11) anil somewhat con
densed In Furness' "New Variorum" edition
of the play and In the introduction to the
notes of Rolfe's edition.)
The Stage History of the Play.
Strange as It may seem, the play seems
not to have been a favorite with the fie
ater-golng folk of Shakespeare's <liy.
There is no record whatever of any per
formance during the seventeenth century.
The play was written for the stage and,
of course, was put upon the stage, but
the only evidence of the fact, If evidence
it can be called. Is the tradition that the
part of Adam was taken by the dramatist
himself. Oldys, who died In 1761, was col
lecting materials for a life of Shakespeare.
In his manuscripts we find the statement
that one of Shakespeare's younger
brothers, who lived to a good old age.
used to tell of his visit* to London ami nt
gotng to sec his brother WIJI play. lie
said that he recollected his appearing In
one character as a decrepit o!d man «mo
•roa so ,v»ak that h«- had t<> be "supported
nn<' carried by ftnotbCT person to a tab>,
ut which be w»s seated nm^ns some com*
pony who were mtlng. and one of t.i-m
Kiing v song."
This seems like a penii!ne remlnl«cenc«
of the seventh »cene of act 11. If It had
be^n an Invention, the author would n«t
uriiiy have mentioned the name, of the
play, or would have plven further details
of the scene.
There waa also a story told in Stratford
that a venerable citizen of th.it town re
membered seeing Shakespeare one©
brought upon the statrc on another man's
back. The story could be traced through
Kood authorities to the very days of th«
poet, and is not Improbable on the face of
It. It is In keeping with th.- tradition that
Shakespeare actetl the Ohost In "H.tmlet."
From the few contemporary reference* to
his acting that have come down to m w»
may Infer that, though ho was perhaps
good In these minor parts, he certainly
was not a great actor. It may be that ho
would hav<> gained distinction In that pro
fession had not his inspirations as a poet
led him to give himself to the writing of
plays rather than to acting In them.
It was not until 178, so far as theatrical
records give us any Information, that "As
You Like It" was revived, and then it
was only in a wretchedly corrupted form—
■ piece prepared by a certain Charles
Johnson and called "Love In a Forest."
Many portions of the original piny are
omitted or transferred to other charac
ters. Speeches and scenes, or parts of
scenes, nre Interpolated from "Richard
III." "Much Ado." "Twelfth Night" and
the "Midsummer Night's Dream." Th«
wrestling in act I Is made a knightly com
bat In the lists, and Charles accuses Or
lando of treason. The characters of
Touchstone, Audrey, William, Corln. 811
vius and Phebe are omitted, Jaques makes
love to Olla and mail lee her In the end.
etc. This vile patchwork and perversion,
however, had ■ run of only six nights.
In 1740 the original play was reinstated
on the boards nnd was performed for
twenty-four nights, a good run for that
day. It was performed again In Th and
In 1717. when Peg WofTington played Rosa
lind, with Kitty CUve as Cella and Mack-
Hn as Touchstone. II was while acting
In this play that Peg Wofflnjcton was
struck down by paralysis.
Other revivals of the play occurred In
17C7. 1771. 1775. 1779. 17*>3 and 17X3. At this
last named reproduction Mrs. Slddons es
sayed the part of Rosalind. The opinion*
PfcG WOFFINGTON.
of the time concerning her success w»r*
divided. Boaden. her biographer, says:
"Rosalind was one of the nr^st <I*>Mcat«
achievements of Mr* - TIM com
mon objection to her -hat It was
crly th.- smile of trn«>-.|>. made the ex
press charm of Rosalind— her viva,
understanding, not buoyant spirits." ThN
seems to me a misapprehension of th«
character. Rosalind Is class.
Jameson among "characters of lnt«
but the genial critic none th- psh rocog.
nlres the brilliancy of her wit, her "saucy
playfulness." and her "vivacity," char
acterised by "sensibility" and "sweet
ness" rather than by "understanding."
Miss Anna Beward U747-18O9). a noti
erary woman of her day. ami a native,
like Dr. Johnson, of LlchrtHd. though
often astray in her critical opinions, was
probably nearer right tha: when
she wrote In »uper-J<>h' - urase:
"For the first time I saw .. cele
brated Mrs. Slddons In comedy, | n Rosa
lind, hut, though her smile Is as enchant
ing as her frown id moxnltl'-ent, as her
tears nre Irresistible, yet : .: scin
tillations of colloquial wit. which most
mark that suit not the dignity
<st the SuMot.lan countenance.' Similarly
'. In his "Account of ||m Kngllsh
Stage Mrs. Btdd> '
not add to htr reputation
ance of Rosalind, and wh*n Mrs. J
had played the oharacter f>-w pi i
wished to see Mrs. Siddona In it."
Mrs. Jordan, Indeed, must tmvA been a
veritable Konallnd as the <lr.-im.uist de
pleted her. She first appeared in the part
for her own benefit April LI. 1757. and was
"triumphantly successful." The poet
Campbell declared that Shakespeare him
self would have jrone Mind the scenes
to congratulate hrr. She continued to
play Rosalind as late as 1777.
In th» present cntury "As You I.lke It"
has I ■ ft tfM most popu f
Shakespeare's comedies on both Bid
the Atlantic, md UnN have been ■
charming R H'lea
Fauclt. Art eska, Julia
Marl ..we. Ada H» h.ui an-1 other*.
The play has not unfre<iu»mtly been per
formed out of ri islon
allv. and OftSSNT In tin-, m umry,
WeUcsky ColU-ge and elsewhere, a wood
bSJM -t.ige la the Ideal one fur such a
comedy.
Note— This study of "A» You Like It."
by Dr. Itolfe, will be continued on Mon
day. «____'
COURSES OF INSTRUCTION.
Autumn-Winter Term, 1890-1900.
MONDAYS and THURSDAYS;
Popular Studies in Shakespeare.
TUESDAYS: The World's Great
Artists.
WEDNESDAYS: Desk Studies for
Girls and Shop and Trade Studies for
Boys.
FRIDAYS: Great American States
men.
SATURDAYS: Home Science and
Hcusehold Economy.
These courses will continue until
February 15, 1900.
Examinations will be held at their
close as a basis for the granting of
certificates.
Killed in a Mill.
TACOMA. I»ec 1.1.- John Nelson wan t»
stantly killed while at work In the rit.
Paul and T«r>mi mill last night by a
ptece of lumber which flew back ovtr urn
sawi.
9COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
mg Frrhangf advanced. Silver unchanged.
Wheat doing better again. Other cereals unchanged.
BlIMf and Seeds dull.
Hay and Bran continue iceak and quiet.
Potatoes and Vegetables about the same.
continue to decline. Butter and Cheese unchanged.
Set** cars of Eastern Poultry thus far this week.
Game weak under liberal arrivals.
( hanges continue to tend dozvnward.
Xothxng nru m Pried Fruits.
Meats as previously quoted.
Another advance in QuicJ:siher.
Charters.
The Oiarlea E Falk loads merchandise for
Honolulu. J. 11. Colman. merchandise f -
Rutevh'.r* loads *If»i and barley for
Europe. 96a 8d
• hi lumber on the Sound for
4Ti (A: < 1 - I. 1 rt Ulake-
Haalla. lumber at
■.. wheat at
■
Exports of Specie.
Exports of specie from this port during the
f.r*t eleven months of lie year nmount to JIS.-
SajOX acalntt Kl.los.?;s for the same time tn
V.'.if-. the leading descriptions t>elng as follows:
PUv«t t'ulll"n. SS.C2S.ftS3; Mexican dollars, j:.-
MLCS7; silver coin. MT».«X>: jrMJ ooln. 1U.M4.
fsr>; currency, tf*T..ll6. The lra.llnp destinations
were: <'hlns. W.(«f.«. 000; Honolulu. JI.CU.SJS;
New Vurk. |1P.1"C.r.0.
Market.
- t Hearr Qewa aays
"An f\rr\ more Important factor In the situa
tion than the <ll*jxFitlnn of Mr operator*, one
Jn fort mtiSb largely control* them, li the
tmn*y market. Hlch rate* for money do not
alwtys prevent a l>uJl movement, but It If
<3ii!te certain that Jupt now any such cam
p.ilrn would b« quickly broucht to prief by
prohibitive rates. The hank reserves at* much
below the mfmhl i.\cTHKt) of the *ea*on. Trade
activity retards the return of funds from the
latcrtor. The treasury continues to absorb
money. and the o~er to buy bonds afford* only
parttal relief, as holders have other M for
thrni than the Interest they pay. * n sh^rt.
there S a large and perfectly healthy de
maild *c>r money. which cannot freely be met
trfrnuse of «' ruml»r*r>mf nn<\ antiquated cur
r«»r.rj- rytxrm which prevents ' xpanslon cr con
tractlpn aronrdiriß to the nredK r.f the moment.
January dl»>bun>ement» will amount to pron
aMy' fiT>o.*>oo."<">. jireparntl-n» for which will
keep money more or l«^s active rr."nnwh!le.
Rtm"»potber fnctor of importance must be
reVkctr-d witto. ftnd that Is fnrelen exchanj;*".
Ftrrllrur hat« alvan.-ed owlnc to the hlch rates
in I/->tjJ«n. th* r»f.nk of EnirHini rate of «tm
', ••">.»« ••.•nt ■• - >.!;'■■' joint since the li«r
liir ranir .It rannot lw» luild fhat this rtrin
rS*T :'":: '" : *ue to weakness or fear, but rather
t« a' r rodent determination of the l>ank or
■FnnVan.l to protect llk »rold reserve nnl pre
>'ent >romifi» from th- Arirentlne «r elsewhere.
Tra£»-»ctlvlty is almost worldwide, si the de
mand Tor ' tnoaf y on this account Is not limited
t«.t!ie-:|*nlted. States; and with a j^irtial ce«M
'tl^-of-the icoM supply through the Transvaal
wai'-lt is not BurprtslnE that London phoui.l
take tj)eans- for self-pmtectlon. gold T 11^ 0^"
fi-om the Viitted States may haps-n. but <!>»
n. t Kertn prot>aMe. for money rates would
auic'kly harden In refj^nse to any such nov»
rVient. A» Mid al>ove the I,k-*1 market '.« not
llkelv <? cet hny relief through the meaium
cf fcrelßn exchange for some time to come.
• Report
" nrth Meridian— Pactfie Time.)
PAN FRANCIFOT*. I>c. IS. B p. ra.
The roUowtnc are the seasonal rainfall! to
«ate. as compared with thew of rame date
la»t eeasr>n. aad rainfall* In last :♦ hours:
Last. This I^i»t
Ptatlons— I* hours. eea*on. season.
bSSS^ « r 2<; IS
Ue4 Bluff 00 I «» J-«
bacramento A .00 7f2 1M
Fan. Francisco 00 S.lO 2.2%
Trerrin ♦» »>» 1 49
Independence 00 0 M O.Ct
Fnn L.ul« Obl?po «) t.S! t>.7S
1^ An«x>* 00 I « o :>
Mm Dlreo 00 1.55 O.V«
Vurr.a .00 O.tJ 0.70
S-"nn Francixco data: Maximum temperature,
t4; minimum. «S: mean. W.
WEATIIEIt CONriTIOXS AND GENERAL
foiu:cast.
The rrenfure has rls^n . -ierally over the
wemern ha'.f of the country. An area of high
prejiture overlie* the country west of the Mls
»lßK!pi>l, with the hlirhevt pre*sure over the
J'nK .:si Very cold weather prevails €-ai>t of
the IWky Mountain*. W<nt of the Hocky
M v. !»'.:.- the temperature Has fallen from 2 to
10 degree*.
Conditions are favorable fnr continued cold
wentlier In California, with heavy fronts Thurs
day morning;. Oranpe crowers have been
warned that fmuflrln* will probably be neces
tary Thursday morntne.
l*orer«>t made «.t Ban Francisco for 10 bourn
ending tr.idnirht I>ecember 1«. 1K>»:
Northern California— Fair Thursday, con
tinued cold weather, with heavy frosts Thurs
day morning; smudielns; may »>e necessary In
the valleys; llcht northerly winds.
Pouthern California— Fair Thumdav, con
tinued cold weather; heavy frosts Thursday
morning. Citrus fruit in .»'ri are advised to
err.udre: Hitl.t northerly winds.
Nevada-FaJr Thursday; continued cold
went hrr
ftah— ra'.r Thurnday.
Arirona— Fair Thursday: continued . cold
weather; heavy frosts Thursday momlnr
Fan Pranc!«co and vicinity— Fair Thuirdav
continued cold weather: llcht northerly wind*
heavy irost in the morning.
ALEXANUEH O. MCADIE.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS,
New York Stock Market.
NEW TOnK. Dec. 11 -Th. market yielded
to demoralization durlnc th« latter part of
to-fiay and stocks were thrown over wholesale
on the dr»n crade. IVlees went below the
low point of Monday all around and th« mar
ket cloned " ■ highly excited condition The
few rar.li* that were effected were due to hasty
taklr* of profits by the bean, which w'ri
tufflel.ntly attractive en the day to Induce t£
c using out of short account, by the profes
. - kiid it imiiZ!. il
■
■
•yiouwuss of the Kituatlon of the BrttlS^eam
jailer In the .Sew } ( >rk market, l.ut It* offer
"••-• •"♦etnea pretty well absorbed The mnr*£
rn»e MttUy above | w , Bl*hf7i; v ; ' ,*.* en
•nil Hruokfjn Transit also made conVplruoui
' ' '•'''■"'■ •■;*■"• .-eroven- fmm th« .'.- .'•'.',«.'."'*
l>re*Mon. nut durlnK the Utter wn of The
Jay th* operators In st«x^ks i-hut their hmi!
ex.rythtnr but th* Hoomy .pprVheniUTSv*?
the future. The ce X |«lnit condition of i.'.
raoney was at no time strlnitent.'and in
the late dealings the rate for call money JS
rtown to JH j->r cent. The announcement Jf
.h* determination of the Pennsylvania Itall
r»>«d to distribute mock at tar to the eitenJ
of 10 per cent of the carl mf came as a toul
uurprlp* and under ordinary circumstance*
KkuM have t.eer) a ■!'■•', r ... ::r , factor In rally
lt)B th« market. It lifted Pennsylvania t points
and New York Contral : -. and caused a tetVi
porary lull In the ppasm of llauldatlon bat
the pau** »m only momentary. IVjually with
(,ut «f>ct «qi the extra dividend declared on
Northern Pacific common. i rlniclnK the rate
for the year up to S per cent. The persistent
liquidation In Ruga' rradually rpread through
out the lift. In the final dealings Hucar went
II points below the hijfhe»- TennesKM Coal
10^: Continental Tobacco preferred. *4; Oreat
Northern preferred, 7; Metropolitan. 7; Ame r .
jean Tobacco. 1%. and Lackawanna. C A!
thouKh losses In th« railroads are not no wide
a* • rule the liquidation In them was very
h'fiivr. The decline* reach over J points In St.
I»aul I<oul*vllle and a number of the coalers,
•nd exceed I points In an extended lint. The
condition* wrre apparently much m-i"r la the
money .market, but iwntlmen! rcxardln* th.
outlook was »»'^*<llnrl> feverish and unsettled
•Ad Ute atreet »a« full at , ,i.tr».i: - , m
mor« rerardln* developments. The violent
SSI in •terllnff exchanre rates both here and
it other points made It sufficiently '^dent
if alotn of HC.OOC.OOO by U»« B*nk of France
to the Dank of England tea* a potent Influence
in upsetting the market. Indication! pointed
to a hope, on the part of London of obtaining
gold In New York. The old etory of a loan
by hanks of the United States to the Rank of
England wmm revived with the additional de
tail that the banks had accumulated Govern
ment bonds which, the Secretary of the Treas- |
ury »a» to buy. thus supplying the needed
gold from the United States treasury- The
amount rumored was $25,000,000. In the morn- '
Ing the Canadian banks were said to be calling
In their extensive loans with a view of re
mitting gold to London, but In the afternoon
came the. report that the Canadian branch
banks have received t1.000.0e0 in gold from
Canada slni c Friday and have b*-en free lenders :
of money t»-day. The fact that the sub-treas
ury thlH week Das already absorbed $4,503,000
■ fn>m tho money market arouses hope In specu
! Jatlvo circles of some measure of relief by the
I Treasury I>»partment. Hut the certainty that
any plentitul supply of money would neces-
I rliate shipments to London on account of the
| imperative needs of that center deprives the
; M'M-k market of any hope of real relief until
; ibe situation In London becomes easier.
It«nds wont off sharply In the late dealing".
l>ut dwllnes were relatively small compared
with thOM In stocks. Total sales, par value,
$1.7:<5.000.
United States .'• advanced M in the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shnres Closing
Sold. Ptocks— Hid.
€.»00 Atchlson 20
5T. 760 All hlsrn prefd *0"i
*.•'■< lUltlir. re I Ohio 52^i
Canadian Pacific M ;
COO Canada Southern 60
19.1.V1 Chesapeake A: Ohio ..... 234
2.200 Chicago Great Western 13
25.770 Chicago Burlington A. Qulncy 125»;
320 Chicago Ind & Louis 13>»
100 Chicago liid & Louis prefd 46
pou Chicago & Eastern Illinois &o
425 Chicago .v Northwestern 158 '
11.OS0 Chicago Hock Island 4 Pacific 109
S.SIO CC C * Ft Louis 594 '
fcJO Colorado Soutuern 6%
i Colorado Southern Ist prefd 44% \
100 Colorado Southern Id prefd I6\i
1.033 lviaware Ar s Hudson 114
4.702 ]>. l.iuart- > wanna & Western.. l7sH
W0 Denver & Hlo Grande IS4
Wo Denver i Rio Grande prefd 70»» I
:io Bria i: i
55" Erie In prefd 34 T »
2.463 Great Northern prefd ies* 4 '
300 Hocking Coal 144 i
. Hocking Valley 3;
I 2.410 Illinois Central , in
lowa Central ! I*4
1&4 lowa Central prefd 64
Kansas City Plttsburg & Gulf 8
100 Lake Krle A. Western../ 154 '
100 I.dU;e Krle & W^tern prefd 79
Lake Shore 205 :
j 22.420 Louisville & Nashville 7S*»
IM4O Manhattan L pstj
I lf'.Mi Metropolitan Street Railway 172
1.47 a Mexican Central 104
Minn &. St Louis is
r»V> Minn & St Louis preM S3
7.C00 Missouri Pacific 41*.
800 Mobile &. Ohio 40
2-0 Missouri Kansas & Texas 11
1.200 Ml-i^,uri Kansas & Texas prefd S3»i ,
2.250 New Jersey Central 116
13.M0 New York Central i»»v I
4,»7S Norfolk 4c Western rjv« i
2.SM Norfolk & Western prefd 67
13.920 Northern Pacific .... 1311 '
1.410 Northern Pacific prefd "71 I
*>.**) Ontario & Western ..*" M
Oregon Railway &. Nay "" <♦' |
, ■■•:;; Oregon Hallway & Nay prefd 76
80.61! Pennsylvania i3o?i
3.300 Heading ""' li
7.CM) Heading Ist prefd ." sni
l.:t«0 Heading 2d prefd ; "" M
100 Itlo Grande Western «2
Rio Grande Western prefd S3
ICO St Lnu!s & San Fran ■„... 91;
St Louis a. San Fran Ist prefd...... C*'» \
100 St Louis A San KYan 2d prefd 34 '
ICO Pt Luuls Southwestern iou i
1.100 St Louts Southwestern prefd.... *s
41.M1 St I ... ; jjc,.
115 St Paul prefd !!!!""169 *
l"0 St Paul & Omaha ! "118
25.726 Southern Pacific 371;
2.400 Southern Railway ... nil
9.1C0 Southern Hallway prefd . " 54
1.410 Texas & Pacific " 1514
42.5C5 Union Pacific "■ it-*
6.410 Union Pacific prefd "" 74
ROO Wat., .. "'. 7
cm Wabath . ->-:d ;;.; *" «o*4 j
I.CIO Wheeling & L E V.V" 9?i
6.436 Wheeling A L E 2d prefd ....*! 2714
Wisconsin Central i:w
Express Companies—
Adams no i
American no
137 United States I*s
Miscellaneous —
1.C70 American Cotton Oil J34
American Cotton Oil prefd ' Si ■
400 American Malting 7v
1.200 American Malting prefd ;— J6
2.100 American Smelting & Kef 3311
1.215 Aruerlcan Smelting & Ref prefd...!! ii
American Spirits 314 !
American Spirits prefd !! 17
1.700 American Steel Hoop ;" 40 1
3M American Steel Hoop prerd SO
9.C2; American Steel i Wire "." M
7.300 American Steel & Wire prefd '.'.'.'. 87 i
1.2C5 American Tin Plate "!! »j
215 American Tin Plate prefd !'. !!! 7414
CJ.t.'.O American Tobacco .......III! >7W
American Tobacco prefd \ u< '
1.700 Anaconda Mining Co " 3 -,
{>< it* Braoklla Rapid Transit. .. •••--.. 7^l*
3.010 Colorado Fuel it 1r0n.... "***" 41J
13.4:^> Continental Tobacco !!!!!" v
14.&5 <:ontlnental Tobacco prefd.. *"*"*" -«„
1i.125 Federal Steel »?
8.::.J I--.n1.-nil Steel prerd ..III!!! 75U
4 lt General Electric "mil
t7o Glucose Su»:ar !!!!!" 47
110 Glucose Sugar prefd c;
140 International Paper uir
W<o International Paper prefd "" - nil
400 lAclede Gas "■"«oi
120 National JStscult nd
National Biscuit prefd •-•-•• op -»
410 National Lead 2( v
100 National I^ead prefd .""" "im
J.OfiO National St.-el. . """ " ITU
it» National Steel prefd «»i
KM New York Air Brake ,«
J.W2 North American "'* " 14 v
Pacific (Vast A 1 *
Pacific Coast Ist prefd ••••••• m
Pacific Coast 2d prefd "nt
1.P70 Pacific Mall i,*
•7.5.0 People's Gas ' ,JJ>
2.C25 I'resned St»-el Car ! L.'>
1.950 Pressed SteM Car prefd ' ••••-•• »j^»
I.PM Pullman Palace Car .i.""*-***i4i
2W Standard Rope & Twine... .'. !!!!*" in
2C3.r73 • Sugar : 1...' **""i«*i
i 110 Sugar prefd ! JfT *
10. ITS Tennessee. Coal & Iron ••••••. -5u
12.f.4S United States Leather...... " ilif
l.« 70 United Btat«s leather prefd " -si"
COO United States Rubber "" .*
tUt United States Rubber prefd...! 104
1.040 Western Union " gjv
2.1C0 Republic Iron & Steel Co T|
S7O Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd "" KS
v c c * st Louis ...!.:...::: to
; 1.701.600 Share* sold.
CIjOSINO BONDS.
DS 2s rer 102 M X A t 2ds «7
U 8 Si reg MH| M X A T *.'..'".' g«u
D 8 Si coup 1»!»'N V Central lsU..U»fc
U 8 new 4s. reg.. .134 IN .T C*nt gen £.«.. m
U 8 new 4e c0up.. 134 N Carolina G-, m
V 8 old <• reg 111*4 IN Carolina 4i 104
U S f>ld 4a coup...lHS X Pacific 1Mb.... HO
USh reg 112S N Pacific 3s «ii
U S &■ ooup lUS'N Pacific 4* 10114
Dls ..f Col i.Cis....iil N v C A 6 l4a 105
Alabama clan A. .112 N A \V con 4* 91I!
AUbama class 8..1U jN * W gen 6i 135
Alabama class C..MI Or Nay lsta \<t*
Alabamit Currerjcy.lw) Or Nay 4s jOi
Atchl*on gen 4a... 1-7 Or Short LJne 6a l«0
Atchlson adj 4a. 754 Or S Line con ts..H3'i
Canada So 2ds l'"»* Reading Gen 4».... S5«
"Ties A Ohio 4V4i.. MV» R <; W l«t« 96
<!■«. A Ohio t- — 115 3 L. & I M con 5s 10 1
C & ■ \Y con 71...14S BL.AB Fa (1 124H
C A N'WSFdcb 51.115 St Paul c0n501i..!1712
Ct)lo ■ B<■ !>' : '- iP C & V 1«15....1K>2
. Chicago Terra «•.„ 544 S I 1I 1 C 4 P !« ijji!
| D A R O lsu 101»; So Railway 65..'.."if«
' D A It O 4a SSVi So Pacific 4s 71
I X T Va A O lsta .101 Stand RAT ««... 81
Hrne General <•... M«i Term new let 3»... SI '
X W A I) C 1»u... 7S « Tex A Pac 1*t«... .111*4
General Elec It. .117 Tex A Pac 2d5.... M
G-II A » A^B.^^JW^Vnkm-Paclftc 4*.;. m
(i II A S A Ma.... Ml WabaJih lsts H3T4
II A T C Sa imi ; Waba»h Ma ...;.. .103
II A T C con «• .110 West Shore 4a 1114
■ lowa Central liU.U2>* Wli Cent IkU SOU
X C PA O lsti.... C) Va Centurtei gr.u
La new com ...109 Va deferred tK
h A N Unl 4j 100 " .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1899.
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 10 Ontario ' • W>.
Crown Point 12 Ophlr 3
Con Cal & Va If* : Plymouth fIS
Deadwood M Oulcksllver 1 60
Gould A Curry 10 Quicksilver prefd... 7 50
Hale & Norcross... 30|Slerra Nevada .... 44
Homestake 65 0" standard 2 70
Iron Sliver GOJUnlon Con 31
Mexican JO Yellow Jacket 10
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Dominion Coal ... 45
Call loans «87 Do prefd 118
Time loans 5©6 Bonds-
Stocks— Atchlson M
Atch T & St Fe.. 19% Wis Central Is 704
Do prefd 60Ti Mining Shares-
American Sugar.. -1254 Adventure 64
Do prefd 114 . Allouez Mln C 0... 8
Bell Telephone ...340 Atlantic 23
Boston Elevated... 99% Boston & Montana.
Chi B & Q 126 Butte & Boston... 45
Ed Eleo 111 20S Calumet & Hecla.723
Gen Elec ill Centennial 194
Do prefd 1374 Franklin 144
Federal Steel f.4» 4 Humboldt 1
Do prefd 764 Osceola W
Mexican Central .. 114 Parrot M*4
Old Dominion .... 22 Quincy 18*
Rubber 42 Santa Fe Copper.. 6
Union Pacific .... 4«H Tamarack 189
Union Land 3'« Winona 4*i
West End 90 'Wolverines 374
Westlnghs Elec .. 40 'Utah 28Vi
AVrr York Money Market.
KEW TORK. Dec. 13.— Money on call firm
i at 3468 per cent: last loan. 5 per cent, ruling
rate. 6 per cent. Prime mercantile paper.
54<f*6 per cent. Sterling exchange strong, with
1 actual business in bankers' bills at $4 M'*U°
4 £64 for demand and at $4 SlH<?4 814 for sixty
days. Posted rates. $4 -. ••• 1 824 and $4 ff.-ir
4 £6'». Commercial bills. $4 SO<JT4 SOH. Silver
certificates. 69Q53V£c. Mar silver. 59Q'J54c.
Mexican dollars. 47 1 -c. Government bond.-*
: strong; State bonds Inactive; railroad bonds
weak.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Dec. IS -To-day's utate
ment of the condition of the treasury shows.
Available cash balance, $257,;0e.904; gold re
serAe. |243.29«,704.
London Market.
NEW TORK. Dec. 13.-The Commercial Ad
r's London financial cablegram says:
There was a general flatness In the markets
here to-day, caused by free liquidation, due to
the news at 'i«-nera>l Mclhuen « setback, and
dt-ar money. Consols fell »-16. to Ml i>-IC.
Americans opened firm on the expectation of
a fre«h rise after the recent shakeout, but
telling followed receipt of the Transvaal news,
aril the market remained feverish to the close,
when It was slightly above the worst. A fresh
relate occurred on the street. A weak feature
wa* Louisville and Nashville. Chesapeake and
Ohio was exceptionally strong.
I'arls markets were firm. Spanish fours were
SSH: Tintos. 43*;Qf<UH; Anacondas. TS®:^;
Utah*. 6; Bostons. »i; A vinos. IVi. The bank
bought £15,000 In French coin. Yesterday's ru
mor that the Dank of France had arreed to
lend to England a considerable cum of cold
• .i* contradicted, but the- pressure of wool
dealers. It Is believed, may. cause release of
French »old for Ansentlna.
The bank somewhat unexpectedly did a
rmaller business In bills to-day than yester
day
CtOBXMO.
LONDON. Dec. 13. -Canadian Pacific, 95"4:
fnion Pacific preferred. 76V»: Northern Paclflo
prtferr»-d. 76\; Atchlson. 21; Grand Trunk. 74 ;
Anaconda. 7%. Bar silver, steady, 27^»d per
>unce. Money, 4^85 per cent.
\'ew York Grain and Produce.
NEW TORK. Dec. 18.— FLOUR-Recelpts
14.142: exports. 20,757. Market steady, but quiet,
and perhaps lower to sell except on low grade
winters, which through scarcity are firm.
WHEAT— Receipts, 67,150; exports, 1GR.434.
Spot— Firmer; No. 2 red, 74Vic; No. l Northern
I>uluth. 7JVic f. a, b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duiuth.
M* c f. o. b. afloat: No. I red, 72^c elevator.
Options — firm at Vie advance on higher
cables and reported political uneasiness abroad.
Further strength was developed later on cover-
Ing by seller!", small Northwestern receipts and
scarcity of offerings. The market closed firm at
about the best point, and 4©*»e over last nlpht
March. 75©7Kic closed 7i.^c. May, 744®74 13-16 c';
closed 74*": September, closed 73\c; December,
closed "?'-■•
HOPS-Steady.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Futures closed quiet, net un
changed to 5 points lower. Sales, 13.260 bags.
Including: December. $5 M: February. $5 00;
March. $3 95«i6: May. $6 0396 10; August. »0 15;
September, $6 25; October. $6 25^6 30: Novem
ber. $6 30. Spot Coffee— Rio. quiet: No. 7 In-
Ice. |%c: No. 7 Jobbing, I\c. Mild, quiet;
Cordova, 50124 C
SUGAR— Raw. steadier. Refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts, 3378 packages; quiet and
steady: Western creamery. 23Q27c; June cream
ery. 22ig:54c; factory. 154Ct0c.
EGGS— Receipts. 7500 packages. Dull and
weak; Western ungraded at mark. 162214 c;
Western. 21£24e, loss off.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUIT.
Evaporated apples were moderately active
and steady on account of good country advices.
but prices were not materially changed.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common.
f.O6Hc; prime, 6% t '&7c; choice, "VaSe; fancy.
5469 c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 34@Bc per
pound.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 13015 c; Moorpark. If?l»c.
PEACHES— PeeIed. 202.22 c; ur.peeled. "4@loa
New York Metal Market.
' NEW YORK. Dec. 13.— METALS— There was
, an abrupt halt of downward movement of prices
on the local. Exchange te-day, and some recov
ery was established In tin on a return of buy
ers and more reassuring news from abroad,
but business did not reach normal proportions
In any department, with the market finally In
a more or lees nominal condition. At the close
the Metal Exchange reported:
PlGl ßON— Warrants, nominal lower to sell.
LAKE COPPER— DuII and nominal, at $16 55
en.
TlN— Firmer for spot and easy for futures,
at 123 25©25 50.
LEAD— Steady, at $4 60£4 75.
SPELTER— DuII, at $4 601*4 70.
The brokers' price for lead Is $4 45 and for
copper $17.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Dec. IS.— British reveries In South
Africa by stimulating the Liverpool price were
Indirectly a supporting Influence to the wheat
market here. Receipts continued light and
the combination of these two factors resulted
In a firm tone to the market at the open-
Ing. Initial figures for May, C3';ii^9%c, being
l iir''ic over yesterday's close. The holiday dull
ness was upon the market and scalpers took
profits at every opportunity, the high plane
which was the solid basin of the price through
out being occasionally fractionally Indented by
their operations. The close was strong; May
up hitiSc over yesterday at C3H©€3%c Corn
held steady, helped by the strength of wheat,
a fair shipping demand and the small offerings
from first hands. May closed hie up at 32 7 »c
There was practically no l)U*ine«s in oats, but
the market, such as It was. closed He up at
K'ic.-
There was practically no business in oats
but the market, such as It was. clung closely
around 34c for May, a mark 4"Tom which there
has been no Important departure for weeks.
May closed unchanged from yesterday at 24c.
Provlclona were strong and at times quite
active, with plenty of traders In the pit. Com
mission houses were In the market with a
plenitude of outside orders, and local bulls
added liberally to their lines aa an Investment
May pork closed lMjri7%c over yesterday Mai
lard D*i7»ic up and May rtbs 7*ic better.' .
The leading futures ranged as follows-
«2SSV v- Open - H " h - w - ao^
« neat Iso. V—
ec « >rnber CST4 m 6SH €8
M co y rn-No:'i--- "* «« "■«»* .«*
December SOH SOU JOU MU.
gSSr.::::::— a SOT 4 SOS 30%
M Oat;"NoV2- ">;•■ «| S !?§
SaV m^.::::::::::: 2* £2 22% - k?4
May :4: 4 24W 24 J«
Mess pork. p*r bbl— ' * ' 24
January 10 10 10 20 10 05 10 17*
Mflrd:'^r-10b-YoM flrd:'^r-10b-Yo^ M W42 « W^ 10 «
Bhort ribs, per 100 lb»— " •"•
January " 12* 640 6 32% 40
M> y »<* 60 645 660
«2& <ruotaUon»were as followi: Flour
feteauy; No. S wpi+nr "wheat. KfltlHe^Vn f
red. «H©63Vjc; No. 2 corn. 'so^wsOHc' No" 2
oatt, We. No. 2 white. J5025»4c- No 3 white
14%*25 c: No. 2 rye. Ue-.-SSo. 2 borley' ,VX"
No 1 naxieed. |i 61; prim. timothy we" $1 75
62 55: mesa pork, per barrel, U 70310 30 •' lard
per 100 pounds. IS IOCS 45: inert "ribs' mL
(loose), 15 M 65 JO; dry taltei shoulder, (boxod)
Was4c: short clear sides (boxed). $5 5005 60;
rr h ky ' distillers' finished goods, per gallon.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 45.000 25,000
Wheat, bushels , jo'oOb 24.000
Com. bushela 3 SI 000 117.000
Oats, bushels U6 COO 215,000
Rye. bushels 5 000 s.oc*
Barley, hoahels 94 000 18,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day th« butter
market .was steady; creamery. 10025 c; dairy.
16022 c. Cheese, firm; H«iei24c. Eggs, llrm:
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— - Dec. Mar. May.
Opening 6 94 5 »4
•"losing .... 6 9*» 6 9S
PARIS.
Wheat— • . Dec. , Mar.- June.
Opening .........'... 18 85 19 20
Closing is 60 If 84)
Flour—
Opening 24 05 25 15
Closing 24 10 '25 23
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Dec. 13.— CATTLE— A Jot of fancy
Christmas beeves were sold here to-day for
$S 25i©8 50 per 100 pounds, the highest price
' rought in this market since June ISS2, when
the top price of twenty years was reached. The
'let sold to-day consisted of sixteen two-year
old Aberdeen-Angus steers raised by Illinois
experts and weighing from 1430 to 1700 sjunds.
CATTLE— Choice, steady: medium, lo<Slsc
lower. The cow market .was steady t* slow;
canners. firm; fancy Christmas beeves. $7 26@
y 50; good to choice, $5 4037- poor to medium.
$4 25<£5 30; mixed stockers, $3@3 SO; selected
feeders. 14 2504 75: good to choice cows. $3 750
4 75: heifers. $3 oOf«6 10; . canners. $203; bulls,
$2 5004 40; calves. $407 75; fed Texas beeves.
$4 6005 80; grass steers, $3 5004 23; Western
rang* beeves. $404 II —
HOGS— Fairly active: averaged 24c higher:
fair clearances. Mixed and butchers, $3 90*3
4 124: Rood to choice heavy. M 8504 10: rough
heavy, $3 85«3 90; light, $3 9004 074; bulk of
sales, $404 05.
SHEEP— Active. 10015 c higher. Native weth
ers. $434 73: lambs, $405 75: Western wethers,
$4 2304 60; Western lambs, $5 1005 65.
Receipt*— Cattle. 16,000; hogs. 32,000; sheep,
17.C00.
Boston Wool Market.
POSTON', Dec. 13— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow:
The wool market has continued quiet at
unchanged prices. The Ix>ndon sales closed on
Monday of this week firm at an advance over
opening quotations of 5 per cent, making clos
ing prices 20 to 25 per cent In advance of the
final quotations of the previous sales. This, of
course, has resulted In still further strength
ening the views of holders of domestic wool,
some- of whom are asking prices considerably
above the ideas of manufacturer*, who as a
claws nre not disposed to pur -hase further until
Rome-thins niore ii -finite Is known regarding
tlie hravy- wight season and until the m> ney
ninrket enses up. The tightness in the money
market tends tn curtail operations, nnd a
period is anticipated from now until after the
turn Df the new year. The sales ol the week In
liotiton amounted to 6.049, '"00 p->unds in do
mestic and -2.">.'»0 pounds foragn, making a
total of C.664.000. agulnst a total of J.M1.200 for
the previous week and a total of 5.217.000 for
the corresponding week last year. Sales since
January 1, UML amount to 341.467.77* pounds,
against 130,713,510 pounds la«t year at this time.
Portland's Business.
PORTL-\N'D. Or.. Dec. IS.— Exchanges, 1334.
l.\, balances. 144.459.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or. Dec IS -Wheat— Walla
Walla, 6U; valley. 61c; bluo Ftem. 52353 c.
WASHING! ■ 'N.
TACOMA. Wash.. Dec. 13 —The dullness In
the local wheat mark»t 1 r.tlnu»s. Charters
are still scarce. Small sales are reported at
for club and 2c het:<-r for bluestem.
The Hrltii»h ship Waterloo arrived from Seat
tle to flnlEh cargo to-day.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Dec. IS.— Consols. 104H: silver.
2T> 4 .1. French rentes, lClf r.oc; wheat cargoes
• •fT const, buyers and sellers apart; cargoes on
;>assaC'>. quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1 stand
ard California, Vis 6d; English country mar-
UVERPOOU r)ec. 13.- Wheat, firm; wheat
In Paris, quiet; flour In Paris, quiet; French
country markets, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands, 4 11-Kd.
CbOSQfO.
CORN— Spot— Firm. unchanged. Futures—
December, quiet. 3s 6\d; January, quiet Sa
Mad: February, steady. s« 6d.
WHEAT Bpot — Firm, unchanged. P*utures—
Quiet; March. 5s 'j\ ! ; May. 5s 9»,d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty day».... — 14 pi;
Sterling Exchange, sight — - 4 1%
Sterling Cables — 4 51
New York Exchange, sight — 74
New York Exchange, telegraphla — 1 2*1
Fine Silver, per ounce — ' [ju
Mexican Dollars — 4SI,
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Austrasla takes for Cork 93,583
ctls. valued at $32,420.
Futures advanced under better Eastern and
foreign markets. Spot quotations were un
changed. •
Liverpool advanced 4c. Chicago was rather
higher under lighter receipts and better for
eign cables. The demand was ' moderate, but
ther* was a good undertone. There were.
70.000 bushels spring wheat taken for shipment,
and the seaboard reported a cargo for Antwerp.
The Illinois crop was reported at 96. with an
acr.ace of 89. Very cold weather on the Con
tinent wan reported. The market looked higher
Spot Wheat-Shipping. 974©98% c; milling, (1
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — May — <000
ctls. $104; 10.000. $1 04»i; 8000, $1 04H: 4000.
$1 044.
Second session— May— 2ooo ctls. $1 04«»
Regular morning session— May— 6ooo ctls
$1 04*: H.oco. $1 04*;: 4000. $1 04%: 12.000. $1 05'
20.000. $1 054. December— «ooo 98c.
Afternoon session— May — ctls. fl OS: 4000.
$1 MY "
BAHLET— There Is nothing new to report
Feed. M for No. 1 and 60!375c for off grades:
Brewing and shipping grades. 86©90 c; Cheva
lier, nominal. \
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session- o'clock— No sale*
Second session— sales.
Regular morning session— No sale*.
Afternoon session— December— 2COO ctls 79Vic
May— 2ooo, 76Uc. ■ ' '
OATS— Dealers report a very strong, but also
very dull market • ,
White. $1 1001 30: Red. $1 074G1 20; Gray
1107*3117%: Black. 874c«51 07V, V 7*7 *
CORN— Eastern White Is quoted at $1 024©
1 per ctl. All other kinds are nominal..
RYE -|1«1 06 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 *OS2 15 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR-Ccllfornla family extras. »3 eo#3 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras. $^ «o©3 60; Oregon
and Washington. $3 4003 60 per bbl for extra.
$3 2S©3 40 for bakers' and $2 ZlQl for superfine.
MILLSTUFFS-Prlces In sacks are mm fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. .*. 3 , : i per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, 92 7i- Rye
Meal. $2 10; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal. $2 M);
Oat Groats, $4 CO; Hominy. $3 25©3 60; Buck
wheat Klour. J4©4 25; Cracked Wheat. *3 75:
Farina. »4 M; Whole Wheat Flour. 13 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels). |6<g7 25; In sacks. '$3 7M17;
?B l pSp u ioy-i£ : Kp!u Pca '- * 5: Gr<en IVUI) '
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Hay and* Bran are very soft, with more
sellers than buyers. Middlings are steady.
Price* for all descriptions' remain unchanged.
nRAX-}13914 per ton.
MIDDLINGS per ton. "'■
FEEDSTIJKFS-Rolled Barley. $18 50{T17 .'0
V? r ton; oilrHkf Meal at the mill. • J26G27;'job
bln K. $27M»*i28; Cocoanut Cake. $20'u21; Corn
m" a l^s°t ?;4 M: Cracked Corn. 124825; Mixed
P'^V 116 B0 17: Cottonseed Meal. $28 ;.<*r ton.
IJAY- Wheat. $7 M 8 50 for common to *ood
and »W3oO for choice; Wheat and Oat. $: ■; •:
Oat. »C 1.0- a s: Barley. $o^6 50; Alfalfa, $s®B per
ton: Compressed, $7010 per ton.
STRAW- p;r bale V ='■ *
Beans and Seeds.
No further activity i R expected In Beans
until after the turn of the year, but holders
continue firm.
BEANS-Bayos. $3 2^3 50; small White, $2 JO
«3: largo White. $2 40^2 10; Pinks, |2 65©2 73:
Reds. S3 25©3 50; Biackeye $4 60<34 75; Butter».
nominal; Lima, $4 90^5; Pea. $3®3 25; Red Kid
neys. $3 £0 per ctl. .-..,. >
SEKDS-Brown Mustard. : S©*Hc; Yellow
Mustard. 4»4'4c; Flax. $2 1!U; Canary. »V per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa, I
708 c; Rape. 2461 c; Hemp. 4®lHc; Timothy.
4 < 4c.
DRIED PEAS— $1 6081 90; Green, $1 75
62 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
There Is nothing new under this head worthy
of note.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose. 90©95 c; River Reds.
60®70c; Burbanks. 40<575c per ctl; Salinas Bur
banks. %l(Ql 25; Oregon . Burbanks. «oc®U 10;
Sweet Potatoes. : for River and $1 25 for
Merced.
ONIONS— 25 per rtl for all kinds.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. IMa per lb:
String Beans. 4"j7c; Cabbage. 40®50c: Los An
geles Tomatoes. 76c©$l: Egg Plant from Los
Anreles. 10c; Cucumbers. $1; Dried Okra.
12% c per lb; Garlic, 465 c; Green Peppers from
Los Angles. 4#.',c; Dried Pepper*. 8&10 c; Car
rote. 30^40c per sack; Los Angeles Summer
Squash. 75c£Sl per box.- Marrowfat Squash. $-■>
per ton; 31 ush rooms, lo'ij^c per lb.
Poultry and Game.
Another car of Eastern came In, making
seven thus far this week. Prices continue low
and demoralized.
Game continues weak under heavy receipts.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 13314 c for Gob
blers and 13014 c for Hens: Dressed Turkeys,
ltClCc; Geese, per. pair. 11 75Q2; Goslings, $175
(12; Ducks. U'u i CO toe ■ old asd 14 50£ aSO for
young; liens. tZ<S*: i'oung Roosters. »3WXB4;
Old Roosters. J3 50<?4; Fryers, l3W'u«: Broilers.
$3 756-4 for large and U 2:33 50 for Email; Pig
eons. |1 per dozen for old and fl 75&2 for
Squabs. . ' '
GAME— Quail. « 5031 75; Mallard. 13^3 50;
Canvasback. $3®3CO; Sprig. $1 75©*; Teal, $125;
Widgeon. Jl^il M; Small Duck. $161 25; Dove*.
7ifJ9oc per dozen: Hare, $125; Rabbits, $160®
175; Gray Oee»e, $2 50©J60: White. $125'31W;
Brant. $1 75©2 M; Honkers, J4SS; English Snipe,
$2 25^2 to per dozen; Jack Snipe, $1 25® 1 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The downward tendency In Eggs continues,
and arrivals are slowly accumulating.
Butter As not chanced for some days, the
demand and supply about balancing.
BUTTEU—
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 250; seconds. 110
24a
Dairy— Fancy. 22c; good to choice. Mo2lc;
common. 19c.
Pickled roll, 21©KHc; flrkln. 20311 c; creamery
tub. 22«J4c
EaMern. 17018 c for ladle packed.
CHEESE-Cholce mild new. 12Hc: old. HHc;
Young America. 12 1 -'i7l3c; Eastern. 15HSl«c;
Wpstern. 13>-«f7i?,c per U.
EGGS— Quoted at :i«26c for store and ZHQ33o
p*r dozen for ranch. Eastern— storage, 18
(619 c fur firsts and 15c for seconds; fresh, Z\li
23c per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Still lower quotations for Oranges ar« re
ported, and the market I* nearily stocked. The
other fruits show no rhange.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples— C.'.ft 65c per box for common, 75c©$l
for good and $1 25©1 50 for choice; Lady Apples
$1 Cn.o2 per box. '
BERRlES— Strawberries. per chest for
■mall and $2sj3 for large berries; Raspberries
are about out; Cape Cod Cranberries, $7 so«jj9;
Coos Hay Cranberries, }1 50 per box.
Persimmons, 2.'|f per box.
Winter Pears. MVtJJI per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 60St 25
per box; Seedling*, flftl 50: Japanese Mania
tins, $1501*175; Pomelo*. ■ $102; Lemons $i@
1 60 for common and K#l 60 for Rood to choice-
Mexican l.imes, $45i4 50; California Limes 25©
BCc: Banana*, $1 60@3 per bunch; Pineapples,
$3 &og4 per dozen.
Dried Fntits, Nuts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUITS— Pro ne«. In sacks, 44c for
40-50 s. tglttc for 60-60' s. 34c for 60-70* s. 3Vic
for 70-So"s, 3c for EO-90's and 2»ic for 90-100*8.
Apricots. Ugl3c for Royals. 124®1«c for Moor
parks and 12gHc for Blenheim*: Peaches 13
t%c for Standard*. £{?6}ic for choice and 7c foi
fancy; peeled Peaches, 12V4Q"15c; Evaporated
Apple*. 7©7*ic: Sun-dried, bisa^c per It.; Nec
tarines, S^iipc per ib for red; Pears, 6H(aßc for
quarters and SfplOo for halves; Hiack Figs 33
3> 4 c; White Figs, 4&6 c: Bleached Plums. |kH?
Unbleached Plums. 7@7Hc for pitted and me
for unrltted. ,
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson'^— Fancy per
lb. 10c: choice. 9c; standard. 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per Ib. 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. BHc; choice. 7Hc; standard. 6V,c;
prime. sc; unbleached Sultanas. sc; Heedless
tO-lb boxes. sc; 2-crown loose Muscatels. 5«4e
1-crown. «V4c; 4-crown. 7c; London Layers.
2-crown, $1 M per box; 3-crown. %l 60 Fancy
Clusters, 12: Dehesa. $2 60; Imperial. |3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California.
NITS — Chestnuts. 8@10c: Walnuts. 889 c
for standard* and 9@loc for snftithell; Al
monds. ll'^ ; ifl2c for paper-shell. 9©iloc for soft
and 4gsc for hardshell: Peanuts. B%ie«*ie for
Kastern and 6c for California; Brazil Nuts.
7V4BSc; Filberts. U%©l2c; Pecans. 10i&llc;
Cocoanuts, {4 5005.
MONEY— U\LlfKr for bright and 10U^
lie for light amber; water white extracted. 7 1 *
©«c; light amber extracted, C&<&7c; dark 6Hc
per lb.
BEESWAX— per Ib.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 9«4c per Ib for
heavy. 94c for light medium, 104 c for light.
12Uc for extra light and 13c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12Hc; California
Hams, nominal: Mess Beef. Jl2 per bbl- extra
Mess. ;:.. Family. Jl«: extra Prime Pork. $14 60
«•>tr.i clear. 417 50; Mesa, $16 60; Smoked Beef
HfiM'fcc p«?r Ib.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 64c per Ib for
compound and 7c for pure; half-barrels pure
7S< . lf»-lb tins. 8c: 5-lb tins. <'<,-. • '. '
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 7Vi&7V: per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about 1c under quotations. Heavy salted
steers. Me; medium, lie; light. 10u.c; Cowhides.
lie; Stags. 71-.-;7 1 -.-; Salted Kip. lC'-,c; Cair, He-
Dry Hides, sound. IS4 © 13c: culls and
brands. 15c: Dry Kip and Veal, 17c; Dry Calf
20c; Sheepskins, yearlings. 20<jr35c each; short
Wool. 35®C0c each: medium. 7i'«i&oc- long Wool
$I©l 23 each; Horse Hides, salt. $2 2502 75 for
large and $1 for small; Colts. 60c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 6c per lb: No 2
4c: refined. 64c: grease. 24c
WOOL—
Fall clip. San Joaquln plains. 9©loc* South
ern. seiOc; Middle County. HSl3c; Humboldt
and Mcndocino. 16gri7c; Eastern Oregon 12'rf'5c
; Valley Oregon, 17«lSc: Korthern Mountain'
free. 11014 c; Northern Mountain, defective 103
lie ocr Ib. ' **
HOPS-6890 per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF— 7@7V4e per Ib for Steers, and tW&lo
for Cows.
VEAL— SgIOc per Ib.
M -Wethers. 7c: ewes. t\ic per lb
LAMB-808HC per lb.
rORK-Llve Hogs. 6X«?5Tic for .mall. 6«»
6\c for medium and &€s?4c for large; stock
Hogs and feeder*. VAc; dressed Hogs. 7i/S4c
. General Merchandise.
BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags. TSTVic; Wool
Bass. K^3oc; Fruit Bag*. Cc. 6Uc and €lie for
the three grades of white and 7%e for bleached
Jute.
COAL— Wellington. IS per ton; New Welling
ton. $8; Southfleld Wellington. $7 50; Seattle. $7-
Bryant. $6; Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend. $8; Scotch'
: Cumberland. $9 75 In bulk and SI 25 in
racks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg $ia- Can
n^l. I 9 60 per ton. Rock Springs and Castle
Gate. V.'. 25; Coke. - 113 per ton in bulk and Sis
In sacks. # *
SUGAR— Western. Sugar Running Com
pany quotes terms net cash. In 100-lb bars-
Cube*, A Crushed and Fine Crushed &4c :
rowdered. 5%c; Candy Granulated 5c- Dry
Granulated. 4J*c: Confectioners' A 4%c' Cali
fornia A. ; Magnolia A. <He: Extra C 4* c -
Golden C. 414 c; barrels. l-16c more; half-bar
rels. ' 4 c more; boxes. %c more; 50-lb bag*
Mr more. No order taken for less than 73 bar
rels or Us equivalent. Dominoes, half-barrels
&Hr; box^F. I%C per lb. ■ .
QUICKSILVER-Is higher again at $46 50»
47 to for export and $51 60552 50 for local use.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY DECEMBER 13
Flour, qr sks.... 7.2n0i Broom Corn, bdls' 70
Whoat. ctls 6,4oOiPelts^ hdls.... - «
llarley, ctls 9.5001 Hay, tons ' M
Oats, ctls S:.VFtra\r. tons... . r:
Rye. ctls I.OOOJHopn. bales "V •
Butter, ctla 124 leather, rolls. 73
Cheese, ct15....... 672 Eg**, dor 20 340
Beans, sks I.SOO Quicksilver, risks '174
Potatoes, sks 4.4os' Wine, gals 47 950
Onions, sks 822 Brandy, gals.... s'koo
Bran, sks. fOO I,ime. bbls "lgj
Middlings, sks... 535 Hides, No ijf
Shorts, sks 2::. Raisins, bxs 1 177
Sugar, kks I.M . 1#1 "
:: r «,;r ' OREGON. ■
Flour, qr iks — 1.8401 Bran, ska , - jjq
. J,' WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr »ks... I.MI Middlings, ska.. in
Wheat, ctla 3,494 Hops, bales " ' »
Oats, ctls 1.230 Flaxseed. sks . 1 £34
Bran, 5k5........ l.'OOlShorts. sks I,'soo
THE STOCK MARKET.
The . only noteworthy feature of securities
rday wna the variation tn Pnanhau rian-
tation, which advanced from $30 50 to $31 so.
declined to $29 75 and recovered to $31. Huti-h
lnson Plantation was easy at $26 12HQ25 62i»
and Spring Valley Water advanced to $95 60.
The Potoal Mining Company has levied an aa
l*j:rr.fnt of 10 cents.
The Security Savings Bank haa declared dlvl
dends on deposits for the last half of the year
at the rate of 3 per cent per annum on ordi
nary deposits and 3.60 per cent on term ac-
P °Th l "' Pacific and Sunset Telephone and Tele
graph companies will pay the usual monthly
dividends of 40 cents and 23 cents per share
on the 15th. . _ A .
The Ontario Silver Mining Company has c*
clared a dividend of 10 cent* per share, or
J15.000. payable December 20. The payments up
to date amount to $13,572,600.
The New York and Honduras-Rosario Mlnlns
Company has declared a dividend of 10 cents
and an extra dividend of 10 cents, the two
amounting to 130,000, payable December 1«.
These dividends make 1180.000 for the year and
J 1.1 '.0.000 from the start. • , _
The Calumet A Hecla Copper Mining; Com
pany ha* declared a dividend of $20 a share,
payable Deceml>er 2? This Is the fourth regu
lar quarterly dividend for the year, In addition
to the extra dividend.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, Dec. 11— m.
V 8 Bond*— Uid.A*k.
<s quar coup.. — — Kr.utt G L Co. si i>\
«s quar reg v .. — — Mutual El Co. 14!» IS
4s quar new... — — OG L & H... 44 45
Is quar c0up... 109^110 I Pao Oa« Imp.. CO 63
Miscellaneous— Pac Light Co. — 42
Cal-st Cab 55.. 117% — 8F O & E.... 654 '^'*
C C Wat 85....109 — San Francisco. 34 Z\
Kd L & 1' (I.IN — Stockton Gas.. 11 —
K& Cl Ry «9.J14 — Insurance—
Geary-st R ss. — 96 Flrem's Fund. 223 230
II CSt 6 6>»s.llJ — Bank Stocks—
Do 5s 10*% — IAn«lo-CaJ «5 —
L A Ry C 5.... — IOC Bank of Ca1..400 —
LAL Co 65.. M - Cal SD 4 T.. — —
Do mtd «•.. M — Flr#t Natlonl..23J —
Do cntd («.. — 1« Lon Pft A... 131 132%
LAft P R ts.lol* — Merchnts* Ex. — It
Market-st <5.. .123^131 Nev Nat 8k..159 191
Do Ist M ss. — I!7S Pavings Banks—
NCN 011 75.113 — O«r Bit L....1740 —
NR of Cal 6s. US 111 Hum Sft L...10M UN
>X o( Cal 5a.U3%1U% Mut Ba y 8k... S3 45
NPC R R 65. 101* — 8 F Bay U... 600 —
NPC R R 65. 107% — gay ft L So.. — 82
li Cal R R 6*109 — sec Say 8k... — Xi»
OGL&U &5.103 — Union T C 0. ..1400 1440
Oak Tran (s.. — 113 I Street Railroads-
Oak WCo «5..10$ — California 120 —
Ocean S S 6s..loß>ilO9Vi Geary 60 —
Cm CRy 6b...12< 1 4 — Market-st .... 61% C
1' iCI Ry 65..10 i — Oak BLA U. — <*
l'k 4 O ity »i.UJ — Presidio 15 2TV»
Powell-st R6a — in , Powder—
Bac El O 4R6s — — California .... — 155
SFft N P is. 115 115*' X Dynamite... U —
S F ft SJVSa. — 116 V* Giant Con Co. — 80*
•S Ry of Cal «s.KS?4 - Vluorlt — IV*
B I 1I 1 of A In ..li:*» — nucar—
5P C Is(ljOt). — in Hana P C 0.... Si »S
bP C «>s(ld0«).lU -V Haw CftSCo 96 10*
8 P C ta(1912).lll% — Honokaa 8 Co 31* 32
SPC Is eg; is. — — Hutch 8 P Co. 26 26%
SPBr 6s 1231-..125 Kilauea 8 Co. IS 24
S V Wat 85.... — lI4U Mukaivell SCo 41 424
8 V Wat 15...1J3 103% Onomea S Co. — 33*,
8 V W4s(3dm)loO»i — Paauhau S Co. 30% —
tikton Gas ts. — — Mtiicellaneous—
Water Stocks— Al Pack Assn. 117% —
Contra Costa.. 73 7o'- Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Mar:n County.. ft — Oceanic S Co.. »7 M
Spring Valley. 95 95% ! Pac A F A... 1* —
Ga» ana Klectrto— I Pac C Bor Co. 145 —
Cent Go* C 0... — — | l»ar Paint Co.. •* —
Cent L ft P.... 6% I
' Morning Session
Board—
100 Equitable Gas ISO
100 Giant Powder Con 90 60
200 liana Plantation Co S 10
}3COO Hawaiian i- & 8 Co 5s 10* i-i
10 llonokaa S Co 32 25
10 Hutchinson S P Co 26 W
:S Hutchinson S P Co -« 124
30 Oakland Gas 44 00
JO Paauh.tu S P Co 31 00
10 Paauhau 8 P Co 3» W
145 Paauhau 3 I' Co 30 37'.j
Afternoon Session.
Board—
200 liana Plantation Co ISO
31. r , Hutchinson 8 P Co M CO
125 Hutrhlnson 8 P Co 25 75
20 Hut.hinaon 6 P Co 23 Ci I
110 Market Street Railway 63 00
118000 Northern Ry of Cai (a 113 »
»0 Oceanic S 8 Co 97 00
$0000 Omnibus Cable to ITS 10
25 Paauhau 8 P Co JO 124
150 Paauhau 8 P Co 30 00
175 Paauhau 8 P pCo 23 7i
100 Paauhau 8 P Co 20 50
ICO Paauhau 8 P Co 21 CO
100 Paauhau S P Co, ■ 30 30 75
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 55 25
25 S F Gas & Electric Co, a 10 65 00
77 8 F Oas It Electric Co 65 12' i
25 8 V Water »5 23
10 8 V Water 95 60
.123 Vlcortt Powder 100
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Equitable Gas ll*
10 Hutchinson Sugar M 25
13 Market Street Hallway 62 00
10 Oceanic S 8 Co 97 75
25 8 F Oaa & Electric 54 00
Afternoon Session.
10 Contra Costa Water 75 25
100 Equitable Gas 5 C?H
25 Honokaa Sugar Co 33 I2' a
71 M. r.okaa Sugar Co 23 00
60 Panuhau Sugar Co 30 in
10 8 X Uaa * Klectrio 65 i:> 4 '
100 VlKOrlt Powder 3 25
CALIFORNIA OIL. EXCHANGE.
- 1 Morning Session.
Board—
200 Tidal Wave J 10
100 Barker Ranch 1 i$
600 Century Oil Co 1 10
If* Anaconda Oil Co 1 io
2CO Anaconda Oil Co 1 15
7i« Yukon Crude Oil Co CO
100 Yukon Crude OH Co 2 03
Street—
200 Yukon Crude Oil Co ; 00
PRODUCERS' OIL. EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Caribou 9S
1200 Dominion 40 1
300 Dominion 45
One-tenth Home OH. $4150 per share.
100 Pennsylvania Consolidated 100 :
700 Petroleum Center 40 '
200 San Luis \ I 37V4 '
. . Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 Blue Goose 13 CO
JOO Dominion 40
200 New Hope 1 00
50 Pennsylvania Consolidated 1 00
MININQ STOCKS.
The following were the gales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
- Moraine Section.
200 Alpha. Con 03 1 200 Mexican .... ft
100 Belcher 191 100 Ophlr I*
EOO Best & Belcher 3t Ml OphJr .. . SI
200 Bullion 03 200 Potosl X
100 Caledonia 47 1 100 Beg Belcher.... M
600 (.hollar 13 300 Sierra Nevada. 4«
550 CC & Va ICS 100 Sierra Nevada 4.'.
260 C C & Va 1«0 100 Union Con . 2S
100 Confluence 75 200 Yellow Jacket. 11
100 GouU & Curry. 11
Afternoon Session.
200 Andes 1\ 100 Mexican .... 40
700 i>elcher 18 400 Overman ..
300 Best A Belcher 3b 300 Sierra Nevada 49
100 TaledonU 61 300 t'nlon Con ' 30
400 (J C A Va 160 100 Utah .... ' i.,
200 Gould & Curry. 1) &00 Yellow Jacket' la
100 Mexican 89 "• xi
The following were the sales In the Parlfln
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning f>««lon.
»00 Andes 11 2100 Gould & Curry II
M 0 Belcher 20 1000 Hale A Nor 13
300 Belcher 1* 200 Mexican "Vu
300 Bent & Belcher 35' 200 ophlr ... ""** ' 9
300 Caledonia 45 400 Ophlr ...."*""* «i
1100 Challenge Con. U 330 Ophlr .... "" v
200 Choi lar 1>; 600 Ophlr .... !" «3
1100 CC & Va....l avi\ 600 Union Con . 29
700 C C A Va 1 to! 200 Utah ..... OS
100 Confidence 75 1000 Carter's O M C 30
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes II 300 Mexican ... ITU
400 Caledonia 48' 150 Ophlr ... «1
200 Chollar 15 250 Ophlr «4
660 C C A Va....J«2'. 4 »jo Overman ."."" l'
210 Confidence 75 20u Sierra Nevada. 43
COO Mexican S3
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Dec IJ-4 p. m .
• . '..; Bid. Ask. I "'.' ; Bid Ask
Alpha 03 06 Kentuck 01 C 3
Alt* 04 06' Lady Wash.... — m
Andes 10 II Mexican .. " 17 S
Belcher 17 « Occidental .'.'.'.'. 13 14
nest & Belcher 14 X Ophlr " M tl
Bullion 03 04 Overman U v
Caledonia GO - Potost 15 IS
Chollar 14 IS Savage M 10
Challenge Con. II II Scorpion .: OS —
Confidence ..... (6 — Hen Delcher.... 03 04
C C & Va......l CO 1 65l Sierra Nevada. 41 49
Con Imperial.. 01 02 Silver Hill — OH
Crown Point... IS 17|St Louis — 08
Ex^equer ..... — 02 Standard —175
Gould & Curry. 11 12. Syndicate — OS
Hale & Nor S3 34 Union Con 28 3)
Julia — 02 Utah f5 W
Justice- OS M Yellow Jacket. 11 12
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrosraphlo Office. U. 8. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal..
December 13. 1W».
Thr time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
I. •.. at noon of the 110 th meridian, or at I
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S N., In charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United . States ' Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time, ant. Heights of High and - Low
Water* at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thorny of the Superintendent.
NOTE— hlzh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
AUCTION SALES
THIRD ANNUAL SALE
Aft THOROUGHBRED
4U YEARLINGS
fWltaout Reserve) From th«
NAPA STOCK FARM,
A. B. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Conslstlnr of the finest king and best bred
sons and daughter* of Eolo. Crlcbton. Oen.
Miles. Idallum. Pury-ar D and The Judge, out
of the dams of Bamboulia. Canace. /iska.
Champion Rose. Watossa. Pldalla. Aluminum.
Catulus. Devereux, Pomplno. Moana. Sevens.
Orotto. Alexis. Zlnfandel. Little T O. Tube-
rose. Oak wood. etc. The grandest bred race
mares in California are represented in this,
the largest sale of yearling" ever held on th«
Pacific Coast. All are thoroughly broken but
positively untried.
SALE TAKES PLACE
THURSDAY EVENINO DECEMBER l«h
At 7:45. In Pavilion. Electric LUht,
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE
721/ HOWARD ST., near Third.
Horses at Kxchanr* Monday. Catalogue*
ready. WM. O. LAYNO. Proprietor.
F. W. COVEY will officiate as auctioneer.
Peats reserved.
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO.,
AUCTIONEERS.
31 and 33 SUTTER STREET.
Telephone Main f\%\.
CASH paid for Furniture. Carpets. Desks
and merchandise to parties not wishing to wait
for Auction Returns.
Books! Books! Books!
FRIDAY. Dec. 15. IS3J. at 11 o'clock a. m..
We will sell In our salesrooms a large and
valuable collection of
BOOKS.
Consisting of over 20CO volumes. Comprising
Art Literature, Illustrated Books, etc.. etc.
Catalogues now read] and bnoks on view.
EDWARD S. SPEAR A CO.. Auctioned.
31 ar.d 33 Sutler St.
AUCTION SALE
£* AT Jfea
EMPORIUM HORSE MARKET,
220 Vnlencln Street,
SATURDAY, Dec. 1«. at 11 O'clock.
We will sell 60 head of Work. Road and Draft
HorsM, from 4 to 7 years old and weight from
ICOO to 1500 lbs. all broke and sound. The pub-
lic Is Invited to rail and examine th stock
and see them In harness any time before sale.
SULLIVAN ft DOYLE.
Livestock Auctioneers.
Offlce— 227 Sixth street.
twenty-five mlnutea later than at Fort Point;
tt.* height of tide la the Mm* at both place*
THt'RSDAT. DECEMBER 14.
Sun risea ;n
Bun act» ,
Moon acts 4 ;j fc „».
H Time Time Time Tlxael
i Ft. Ft. Ft- Ft.
? L, w II W L. W ■ i
M ... 2:17 1.5 1:23 -«.« I 60-0.» 15:4* 4.4
IS ... 1:05 2.7 »:2lU«.e 4:J5-1.1 UM 4.C
16... 3:52 ».» 10.M,-«:« J 19 -1.2 ." .„
H W L. W H W L W|
17 ... 0 '.: -1.7 4:41 S.O 19:51 «.S 1:00—1.1
H ... l:Ml 4.8 I ."o 2.1 ll:3« <.l I:4}— Of
13 ... 1:49 4.1 6:20 2.1 12.21 J. 7 7:» O.t
20... 2:51 6.0 7:14 1.0 1:07 1.2 7:53-0 1
NOTE— In the above exposition of the iHu
the early morning tides are given In th* left
hand column and tht *uccesslve tides of th«
day In th« order of occurrence ■* to time. Th«
•econd Urn* column gives the aecend tide of
the day. the third time column th* th'nl tide
and the last or right hand column give* the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides as sometimes occurs.' Th* helghta
riven are In addition to the soundings on the
United States CaM Surrey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the betsht
and then the number riven Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is th«» m»ni of the lower low water*
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. I Dv«.
y- m.
! Dv«.
____ | [
Albion [Tlllamook Dee. 14
Aloha THlamook M Dec. 14
Kobt. Adamson Nanalmo Doe. 14
P«-it» Kosa San Diego Dec 14
Miami |Seattle r>c. 14
Point Arena.. Point Arena n«c. i,
Tan!* Hamburg Dec. tt
Empire Coos Hay Dec. 15
Hcmer Ctxm Hay Dee. 15
Arcata I'oos Hay ... Dec. li
A. I'.landchard. Coos Bay Dee. IS
Newburs; Grny» Harbor Dec. 15
Wlllamett» ....[Seattle .. JDec. li
North Fork iHumboldt Dec. 15
Eatnoa Humboldt Dec. IS
Marlposa (Sydney Dee. IS
Newsboy .Gray* Harbor Dee. 1J
Creicent City... Cre«?ent City rye. IS
Thyra Cnlna and Japan Dec. M
N'ewiboy Grays Harbor... Dec. IS
L'cluxuM.-t Portland Dec. 14
Coo« Bay Newport Dec. II
Bristol Departure Bay Dec. IS
Aberdeen Portland Dec. 17
Mackinaw Seattle Dec 17
E. Thompson. .lDepartnre nay D«e. 17
All'.ance prison Port! D«c. 13
Pomona iHuxnboldt IDee. If
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound Dec. it
Corona San Il'ico Pee. 11
Welllnirton ....i Departure Ttay Dec. is
B. Portland (Departure Day Dec. 13
Coqutlle Illver.. <»ray« Harbor Dec. it
Peru Panama . Dec. »i>
nonlta Newport Dec. f)
Etate of Ca! Portland Dec. :i
TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. Balls. I Pier.
State, of Ca! Portland Dec. 14. Warn Pier :i
Bonlta Newport Dec. 14. lam! Pier 11
:oiU Rica. Cen. America. Dec. 14, 12 raIPMSS
Pomona ...Humboldt P«w. 15. ; pra Pier 9
Albion Tlllamook Dec. IS. Ipm Pier :
Homer Orejon Ports. i Dec. 11, lOamjPler Tt
Santa Rota. San Dlexo Dec. It, 11 am Pier 11
It. Arena.. ! Point Arena.. , Dec. 1«. 2pm Pier 1
Queen Vie 4 Pitt Sd. Dec. 17. 19 am Pier •
Samoa. Humbnldt Dec. 17. 10 am Pier 11
A rent a .... Com Day Pec. 17. 18 am Pier U
S'ewburg .. Grays Harbor I>••■•.I >••■•. IS. S pm
Brunswick Humboldt Dec. li. 10 am Pier 99
Sortb Fork. Humboldt.. ... Dec. IS. •am Pier :
Coca Bay... Newport Dec. IV »am Pier 11
ban Jose.... Panama Dec. It. 12 m PMS3
Columbia .. Portland Dec. 19. 10 an P'.er 24
Aberdeen ..IPortUnd Dec. •». '
Corona SanT'Wv Dec. 20. 11 «m Pier 11
Am. Maru..|Chlna& JapanlDec. »'• 1 pm!PMS3
Sal! a.
| Pier.
Shipping Intelligence.
AP.RIVED.
Wednesday. December 13.
Stmr Santa Crux. Hlnkle. 10 hours from Moss
Landing.
Stmr Dora. Johnson, 28 cays rrom mo«iak.
via Seattle ii 1 * days.
Stnr Queen. Jepseti. (1 hours from Victoria
and Puget 111— ports.
Mar Progreso, Zolllnc. 100 hours from Ta
coma. _
Stmr Pomona. Parsons. 19 hour* from Eu-
Stmr Alcatras. Carlson. 33 hours from Santa
Anita Creek.
Stmr Washtenaw, Gllboy. ft hours from Ta
coma.
Schr Barbara Hernster. AnOndsea, 13 hours
from Fort Bran.
CLEARED. ' 4 '
Wednesday. December 13
Etmr Donlta. Nlcolson. San Pedro; Goodall
Perkins * Co. *
Stmr Australia. Lawless. Honolulu; J D
Spr-okrls a Bros Co.
l'.r iimr Coptic. Hinder. Hontkon? and To»
kohama, via. Honolulu: O * O S 8 Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday. December U.
U S itmr Philadelphia. K«iter. Santa Bar
bara.
V 8 stmr lowa. Goodrich. Santa Barbara.
i^imr Soot Jacobs. Albion River
Stmr <:i«Tn». Hlxgins. Caspar
§&; Del Norte. All*n, Kureka. Hoaoluta -
Slmr Australia. Lawiaaa, Honolulu
Hr ■ lmr k CI l ' Ul> " lnder - Honolulu. Yokohama
lit -hip Au.trasla. Kwart. Queenstown.
Haw bark It P Hlthet. Mcrhml. Honolula.
- — -•• -w..., ......i,,. nnutrjon, .-'•Ultle.
S. hr Antelope. Ander- Port  Anrtles.
Bchr Mary C. Madsen. Fort Hos*. An **"*
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOnO3. Dee 13. l 0 p ra-Wtath#r
f<W. wind NE. velocity • miles. m wf * vl * T
Continued on Page 13,CALIFORNIA MAY
HAVE A BUREAU
AT WASHINGTON
KassotVs Queer Work
Is the Cause.
MERCHANTS MAY FAVOR PLAN
GERMAN RECIPROCITY TREATY
COMING NEXT.
The action of MOB, American Com
missioner of Reciprocity, in the matter of
u>e ranch and Jamaican reciprocity
U«*t!e« ( which threats, tcrloußlv the
welfare of California, will lead to an at
tempt to organic a California bureau it
vv aFhlneton. to be headed by a represent
ative of the. State, whoso duty it win be
to keep constantly In touch with the ad
mlnl.tratlon m ail matter!, affecting the
material Interests of the State. Some pre
liminary work has already been quietly
accomplished. Some support to the plan
M already been pledged. The Manufac
turers a: - Producers' Association and
the Stato Board of Trade have been ap
proached. All other commercial bodies in
the State will have the matter brought
to their notice. Some talk of this was
fceard on the street yesterday. The chl«*f
f ?o*r r Jacobs. enlCrPrtSe " found to b «
y.." 1 have secured the support of the
Won %t% t , UU H rer and P«x»u<*rt- Associa
tion and the State Board of Trade." cald
«?ni laa ' *' htn n «" WM interviewed. "I
StifinrV ever >- .commercial body in the
rm Sri i f rcnc ? lo lhf> »»»«. The pr. -
rttV?i ;• brou ' fl i l f^ut by the recipro-
Vh^l ?£ U .*% TVl lh ******* and Jamaica.
t* I ' C\V at S^mla li '* & * to nave some
?. ich the administration while re
ciprocity treaties lu-e in negotiation, and
that ,Is between the sessions. While the
fT^t °orporaUoni of * he country, like
|il,i Waa ? Hrd On Company and others of
«-;railar sire, are on hand when a recipro
city treaty ie in process of formation, and
! ,^' v W *.h. h . at ls golnK on ' California.
*lth her millions of dollars' worth of an
nual exports, does not hear one word of
what is Intended until a treaty that is
ulMinctly hostile to her prosperity is
ready for adoption. I was In Berlin last
year, trying to Bee what could he done
to get California canned goods into Ger
many. I had then a talk with Andrew D.
" hlte. tho American Minister to G« r
mc-ny. in Berlin, and he advised me to
talk with Kaofton. at the same time tell
ing me that a reciprocity treaty with Ger
many was under consideration. I would
rot be surprised to U-arn that the recipro
city measure with Germany is already far
:<dvanc«d. Wh.ther it dIM-rlmlnaU-s
tigainst California us the French treaty
does is a subject which it is well to in
yuiro Into and this Is the time to do It.
'"it 1h evident to every one that the work
on reciprocity treaties Is accomplished
between se<s«<ions of Congress. «t the very
timi* whin are have no one t<» represent
us at the :;atlonal capital. But that is
the wry time when we in-ed a representa
tive viry much. I will try to get all the
j-ommtrclal lH><llof< in thft State to act in
nartnonv to the end that a bureau may b*
oMablishPtl at Wahhlnßton. If possible,
with form comix tent and hieh-prlcetl man
:<t the head of it. whose duty It »*hall I.c
lo know what is going on there affecting
t!ie int.-rrstM of California and to keep ln
t«.urh with the administration and also to
Inform the p»«opW> «.f ttilt* Htate what ln
t••r«•^t^ sire likely to i.c affi-ctM.
"If ih.- o<,M fhnuld W J^i.'nh) per annum
tn<» people rould well affr.r.l to pay that
J-um rather than to have their business
nnd productive Industries sacrificed while
they ar«- unable *><U]\ through ignorance
of events to turn a hand In their own »je
!»:ilf. When a maty has b.-on found
agreeablo to the authorities In power of
«>"th nation* concerned It is improbable
that It will 1).- tinkerT.l with. 1 therefore
«1o not beU.\. tnat when President Mc-
Kinl^y tol.l the California Congressional
<I< -1. fc-:itinn t<. go to KfisKon it meant that
th* treaty irouM be mo,iifl e d. it win go
or t'<- r«-Jf«-teil as a whol»-.
"I have talke,! with many leading busi
ness men «>f San Francisco and other
T'artn of the P:.it,> on this matter and I
lind many who aßree that California
ii'-*-*" to nave ■ representative at Wa.«h
lrctori all the* time, because otherwise her
Interests may be traded «.rT at any minute
to Fuit the neod* <>f *ome large Extern
concern in iearcb <>f an advantage for It
ff\t. I will Pee what can !«*> done to en
lisU_liu» ininrcst— an4 -ciw^p^vitkm -of the
represintHtlve business men and rganl-
t rations of the mast in this direction as
MEXICAN MORPHY'S
LOCAL TURF CAREER
Nearly Lost His Diamonds in the
Baldwin Hotel Fire — A Plumber's
Reward That Never Came.
Tho acquaintance and friends acquired
en the turf this *lde of the border by
Santiago Morphy. recently sentenced in
the City of Mexico to spend nine rear*
of hi? lif«» in prison for embezzlement,
were busy recalling incidents in the cu
rwr of the dapp< r Mexican youth at the
ricetrack yesterday.
Am ' Mexican Morphy" this polished
handsomely groomed and muchly be-
J.-w<led young fellow began his rainbow
r»r<*r on the Eastern tracks •luring the
feason of IWV Ho apparently had money
to burn, •••!>• • pood bettor and very soon
was taken under the protecting wing of
Will Wallace, nt one time ■:•• running
matf of Rilev Grannan. Finally Morphy
became ambitious to become an owner,
and for a time created consternation
ktnotiK owners by bidding up a number of
winnrrn of celling races which he thought
"in too cheap." Probably the best horses
which sported his colors were Den Hadad
und Estata. With the former In made
:wo or three mild "killings."
Shortly after the opening of the local
racing i*«a*on of ISHi Morphy Journeyed
t'-rnuN the continent with Jockey "fikeets"
Martin and was a familiar figure for a
•inn- Mt Ingleside and Oakland, being con
'l«J«tiil quite a plunger. Then came the
KaMwin Hotel :ire. Morphy occupied a
room on the second floor of the Powell
<-tr«-^t vide of the *tructure. During the
proRTeHS of the flames M«X." who had
.'f+n out dining, made his appearance and
offered the plumber of the hotel 1100 If he
would remove his trunk to a place of
ntU-xy. This was accomplished with the
fcld <>f an onlooker, but the plumber still
awaits the fI(W reward. In a tin box In
the trunk were Jewelry and diamonds es
:lmated to be worth lIO.OM, besides a large
imount of money.
-
■
ml*' .1
• - and w:i<«
\{ ■
1 '1 1 y .
TRIED CARBOLIC ACID.
Unsuccessful Attempt at Suicide by
Mrs. John Horton.
T.lzzlc Horton. the wife of John Horton,
*ho resides in the Orleans I.odging-houf-e,
1104 Mission street, attempted mili ] ■ <-ar
y last evening by pwallowing an ounce of
rarbolie acid. She was removed to the
"ity and County Hospital, where th« con
tents of her stomach were removed.
No reason for suicide It known other
than a misunderstanding between Mrs.
Morton and her mother. They saw one.
mother yesterday nftrrnoon and some
sharp words wer« oxrhanged. John llnr
:on. the husband, was present when the
ittrmpt at suicide was made. He knock
ed the bottle rut of his wile's hands us
•<«nn as he realized what she Intended.
CVh^n qm-stlonf-d In regard to the wife's
lulcidal attempt the husband said that he
lid not think Mrs. Horton Intended Mit
ride, but that she was In the habit of
3Kln«r 'he acid In a decayed tooth and
ircldcntally swallowed some of the con-
Unt« of the bottle. -« •••• , "
Dr. Dray labored with the woman for
K>me time to prevent death. She will .-"
cover according to the physicians in ut
:cndance.
<;reat bargain*-- **l<>nln*c Ml children's
f nd 'lolls, cheap. Ban born.
VaJl m Co.. 741 Market »tre«t. •
WEDDING BELLS IN THE
LOCAL ITALIAN COLONY
rp\HIS morning at 11 o'clock. In the
THIS morning Peter and Bt. In the
Chuirh of Bt. Peter and Bt. Paul.
I Charles F. Grondona and Miss
Dolly Arata will be married.
The young people are universally
IHjpular and th. wedding If looked
forward to by the local Italian col
ony as one of the prominent events
of the social season. The pretty
church In which the wedding will be
celebrated Is to be elaborately decor
ated for the occasion.
The groom Is a young merchant who
has already won an enviable position
In the business world. He Is a Junior
member of the firm of A. Galll & Co..
and also assistant manager. He is a
member of several prominent Italian
societies, although he Is a native of
this city and a member of Alcalde
Parlor of the Native Sons of the
Golden West.
Miss Arata is also a native of this
city and a pretty girl of charming
•THE CHIMES" A
FAVORITE STILL
A good rendering of "The Chimes of
Normandy." such, for instance, as that
at the Grand Opera House, is essential
to an enjoyment of the opera. What
"Nnrma" is to grand oj>era. "The Chimes"
Is to comic— an old school favorite It
may be depended on to draw from his
domestic shell the man that goes to the
theater once a year, and his Rood wife
with him. 1 fancy there are few of
those "who In sad cities dwell," that. If
they be theatrically Inclined, have not
home time heard Planquette'B opera.
Periodically 1 llnd myselt sitting in a
theater listening to It. and It yet has
the power to please. Th-; music Is full
of a very pretty Inventiveness, and being
of the kind that one retains unconscious'v
it has become a? generally, as promiscu
ously, familiar as nursery rhymes. Mr.
Wolff at* the old miser Gaspart does ex
cellent work on the dramatic side. Al
though there Is throughout his Imperson
ation too great an obviousness, his mo
ments of overacting are quite fairly bal
anced by the truly artistic touches he oc
casionally lay* on. The other members of
the cast do their work smoothly enough,
though without a suggestion of tempera
ment. Edith Mason makes an attractive
figure of Serpolette. missing entirely the
proper conception of the part, which is
one of simple-mindedness and vanity.
Peruse does as much with the part of
the Marquis as Is possible with his mock
vitality. He la ably listed, however,
by the chorus, which makes the ensemble
In the second act go magnificently. Hat
tie Belle Laud was not at her best as
Germalne. her voice offending the ear
more than usual. Wlnfred (!<>ff showed
comic Instinct In his grotesque part, but
.-it times his humor was of the crudest
kind. Oscar Lee. who took the part of
J.-an. with no more conception of his role
than Miss Mason has of hers, cannot
either net or sing, but hi salvation may
be In the fact that as yet he is very
young.
• • •
The Orpheum Is always at Its best In
this season of the year. I would recom
mend It to every one as a winter resort.
It Is certainly healthful if there be any
virtue in the old saying, "laugh and grow
fat." and Urn not using the word 'health
ful' carelessly, either, for vaudeville of
the kind provided at the most populat
house in San Francisco is healthful.
There were certain objectionable features
In the vaudeville of yesteryear that lat
terly have been eliminated. I am not
oversfiueaml.sh myself, but vaudeville Is
not "for men only." For a lime suggep
tiventss was to the fore variously; vul
garity and coarseness were prevalent in
the hongs, in the dances and particularly
in the monologues.
And now comes George Fuller Golden
with an act that is as clean as It is enter
taining. In his own style, which is a :
composite of wit and buffoonery, be It
easily first. Others there are who sur. j
pass him in wit. but are without bis mi
metic talents, and there are those who
excel him in comedy without his fund
of humor. His strength Is In the nice
blending of these two elements, where
fore I propound the paradox that he is to
be admired because he is laughed at.
When Golden was here a year ago I had !
to Und fault with him on th.- score of a
certain pretentiousness. He was fond of
using very big words Without knowing
how. He is not a scholar, and his subtle
assumption «of superiority never deceived.
This time I have caught him at his old
trick only a few times, and It Is prin
cipally on this account that I said laai
week he was better than before. "A little
learning Is a dangerous thing." Amuse
us, Mr. Golden, but do Dot try to Im
firess us; St doesn't, or. as you would say,
it "don't" go.
Camilla d'Arvllle always sings winn'.ng
ly. 1 like bet truth and timbre and, most
of all. her prettlness. Her presence on
the stage lights up the whole auditorium
and one is gratified to find the gallery
not only accepting her excellent art, but
applauding her in Its peculiarly emphatic
way.
The Royles are back again with an
amusing sketch. "The Highball Family."
of which, of course. Mr. Hoyle Is th»
author. The plot turns upon a ruse of
Mr. Highball's wife and mother-in-law to
cure that gentleman of his intemperate
habits. They pretena to be gloriously :
loaded themselves and present such a
spectacle of degradation that th. victim
is glad to reform. There are many con
cessions to horseplay in the business of
the piece, but it ■ con and entertain
Ing. the ncting Is adequate and, on the
part of Belina Fetter Royle. particularly
commendable. PORTER GARNETT.
MIDWEEK NOTES
AT THE THEATERS
At the Columbia Theater this evening
and again at the matinee on Saturday
Frederick Warde will present "Romeo
and Juliet." Minnie Tlttell Brune will
appear In the role of Juliet. "Th*- Lion's
Mouth" will be repeated on Friday and
Saturday nights, and "Richard III" will
be the bill for Sunday evening. Th<
repertoire for Mr. Warde's second and
last week i.« as follows: Monday and Sat
urday nights. "Vlrglnlus;" Tuesday night
and Saturday matinee, "The Merchant of
Venice;" Wednesday night, "Richard
III;" Thursday and Sunday nights. "The
Lion's Mouth, and Friday night, "Romeo
and Juliet."
•Th.' Christian" Is announcen for pre
sentation for a limited engagement begin
ning with Christmas night at the Colum
bia Theater.
"The Sporting Duchess," with which the
Frawleys inaugurated their present sea
son, will be revived at the California
Theater to-night for three nights and the
Saturday matinee, and the realistic Derby
race, auction at Tattersalls, regimental
ball and nine other scenes will be given
an before. In order to give a thorough
production "l "Cumberland. '61," the com
pany will devote all next week to rehear
sals and "The Hottest Coon in Dixie," an
enlarged edition of "Clorindv," which cre
ated quite a sensation here last February,
■rill occupy the boards from Sunday after
noon until the following Sunday night.
December 24, when the Frawleys will re-
Him" their Reason. There are thirty-six
colored singers, dancers and comedians In
"Dixie." '
Th« revival of "The Chlmee of Nor-
THE SAN FRAKCI6CO CALL. THURSDAY. DECEMBER 14, 1899.
accomplishments. She Is a graduate
of Notre Dame Convent, Is a brilliant
Oil W ■■ 1 Umailil and a cultured pian
ist. She Is deservedly a favorite
imnnc those that know her and has
r or her future the slncerest wishes of
ler friends. At h«-r wedding her
irldosmald will »>.- Miss Clotilda Chl
rhlr-.la. The prospective groom will
!••■ accompanied by hla brother. James
Iv Qrondona, and the ushrrs will be
Dr. '! K. Cagllerl and Romolo Sbar
boro. The honeymoon will be spent
In the southern part of the State.
mandy" ha« resulted In a week of good
houses at the Grand Opera-house. It will
be given for the last time Sunday evening
and Monday evening "Die Fledermaus"
(The Bat), by Strauss, will be presented.
It Is fully nine years since It was last
given here and Its revival should be very
successful. The following splendid cast
will Interpret It: Gabriel yon Elsonstein.
Thomas 11. Pirm; Rosalind, his wife.
Kdlth Mason: Adele. her maid. Hattlc
Belle Ladd: Ida, sister to Adele. Ethel
Btrachan; Alfred, a music teacher. Wln
fred Qoff; Prince Orlooffsky. Bessie Falr
bairn; Dr. Frank. William Wolff; Dr.
Blind. Charles Arllng. and Frosch. Ar
thur Wooley.
"Mother Earth." Francis Powers' beau
tiful Mexican play, will close with Sun
day evening's performance: a matinee will
bo given this Saturday and Sunday after
noons. The play has done a big two
weeks' business and has proved a dram
atic success. "Dr. Bill" will follow for
; next week with Earnest Hastings and
Laura Crews reappearing In the cast.
"Chlmmle Fadden will be the Alcazar's
Christmas bill Fred Belasco leaves for
Europe next month to secure new plays
'■ and people.
Trio return of the favorite comedian.
Ferris Hart man, to the Tlvoll Opera
h"us.- and the "Tar nnd Tartar." are
crowding tlx theat.r nljrhtly. and another
\vn k of "Tar and Tartar" In announced.
r,iy matinrt- of the comic opera will
be Riven nt xt Saturday, and the final
presentation will take place on Friday
evening "i next wf-»-k. The annual holi
vtrnvaitanza will receive Its premier
on Baturday evenlnc, D»*cemb«-r IS, and
there will bo no matlne«> at th>- Tivoli on
that day, owinc to the thorough rehe.ir
s.ils for the <"hii!»tmap piece, which thin
year is entitled "Little 80-Peep."
The bill the Orpheum 1« hflnp w.-ll
reoatvad this week, and crowded houses
nightly attest to the excellence of the at
traction*. Kdwln Milton Royle In th
"Hlghbull Family" and George Fullor
Golden 'ontlnue to bt- popular. C'anilll.
d'Arville Is. of course, mill the main at
traction on th.> Mil. Hamilton Hill, the
Australian to::nr. bids fair to become a
favorite, and the rwt of the bill Is w.-ll
up to the Orphenm standard.
Th. Original Georgia Minstrels at th.>
N' \\ Alhamhra eontJntte throughout the
weak Black Pattl and her Trnuhadors
.<ui«lhv nlcht. Th»-> colored i»r)ma
donna is surrounded by a clever company.
At the Chutes Theater the feature of
thr- amateur performance this evening
will be Flnafiro Minstrels, and Gilbert *
Sullivan will undoubtedly be Interpreted
as never bef'T*-.
Steeplechase.
I crowds are filling Central Park
this week. The bill is a strong one. in
cluding »hi scoria Of more novelties from
I Island. Professor Hill, the recktCM
; and eccentric high-win- < omedlan. in some,
i ■■■* turns, and the steeplechase proper.
Extra Xmas prizes are being given to the
!if-rs of the rac.^.
Investigating Weeott Wreck.
Captains Bollef and Hulger began y»:B
t.-rday an official Investigation Into the
matter of the wrack of the steamer \Nec
«■ 1 1 on Mumboldt Har on the afternoon of
December 1 on whlih occasion one of the
women passengeri was drowned anl a
member <>f ih«- crew killed by the fall of
th«- n-.lzi«*nninst.
M. K. Boomer, chief engineer of the
wrecked steamer, gave a graphic account
if the force of the heavy sea that broke
the back of the Weeott with one. mlgl.ly
stroke.
• •wing to the aVtpence of several wlt
- the Investigation will l». resumed
In <i few di.ys.
In the Divorce Court.
Elizabeth Prelssler has been granted a
divorce from James Pr<M*Hler on the
ground of fallur.- to provide. Hattle P.
Booth has secured a divorce from Fran
«is A. Booth on the ground of desertion
Suits for divorce have been filed by I
Kdlih T. Hunsaker against Walter L, !
Hunsaker for failure t.i provide. Susie
McPherson against Harry McPherson for
failure to provide. Marie L. Burnett
agaiiut Mariun Burnett for failure to
provide, Margaret Wentworth against
Charles Wentworth for desertion and
Anna Kramer against C. E. Kramer for
failure to provide.
Found a Body in the Bay.
The badly decomposed body of a man
was picked up In the bay near Folsom
»tref-t wharf yesterday afternoon by
1.-nry Peterson, the boatman, and sent to
he Morgue. The body, which had been
n th<* water for a long time was
weighted with a heavy niece of Iron
which was securely fastened with several
K-et ..f rope ti«d in a strange manner
Deceased was evidently a seafaring man
but an Identity will be hard to establish.'
as the features arc gone beyond recogni
tion.
Lost on the Bay.
SAN DIROO. Dec. 13.— Much anxiety In
f. It fur the safpty of Ouy Gregory of
Goroaado, irho l»-ft his home about 330
o'clock Tuesday morning for a hunt on
the bay and ha« not been h«-ard from
clnee. Oregon' left Conmado with two
b.xitß. intending to cross the bay about
tlir<e mll»s below this city. When he
failed to return at duxk last night his
wife became alarmed and a dearchlng
I>;irty started out. One of the rowboats
was found anchored below the city and
In it was his lunch-basket and coat
Th re was no trac« of Oregon* or of the
other boat. A diligent search wan made
all day to-day for the mlpslng man but
he could not be found.
McKinley May Go to Utah.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 13-Benator Jo
seph P Itawllns. ex-Senator Arthur
Hmwn, William Olassmann and David
Dunbar, a committee representing the
T'tah volunteer Monument Association
<alled on the President to-day and invited
him to lay the corner-stone of the mon
ument to bf erected In honor of the Utah
volunteer?. The President signified his
willingness to accept the invitation if hla
dutl«s would permit. The President will
make a written reply to the committee
later on.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
FREIGHT TRAIN
CRASHES INTO A
MOVING LOCAL
Almost a Wreck on
Alameda Point.
PASSENGERS THROWN ABOUT
THE STRICKEN TRAIN WAS
NEARLY TOPPLED OVER.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway. Dec. IS.
The pappengers on the last train from
San Francisco to Oakland on the narrow
gaupt system had a narrow r scape from
death last night at 12:13. opposite the nar
row gauge freight yards on Alameda
point. One car was all but thrown from
the track when the San Jose freight train
crashed into the Oakland local, and the
passengers on the local were thrown from
their seats and tossed about the coach In
a serious manner.
The Oakland local was making Its last
run to Oakland, with the passengers that
It had gathered from the last boat from
HOW THE TRAINS CRASHED TOGETHER.
Ban Francisco. The run through the
freight yard* <>n Alameda point is always
made slowly and with preat ears, and to
this fact alone la due the prevention of
the disaster.
Th«- San .!'>«.• fn'lght train was In the
yards and wns being switched around In
| making up for its night run to the Gar-
I den city.
Th«- freight iraln was backing toward
1 the mnln \\v<- <>n which the local was run
' nlng toward Oakland, and ih.-r.- was aulte
■ henvy train of freight cars attached,
the last car being a flat car loaded with
wood
Whether the engineer on the freight
train miscalculate! his distance or *ot
a wrong sdgnni no ne known or will say.
j but the freight train backed down on the
NOTED EPISCOPALIAN
SUCCUMBS TO ILLNESS
BERKELEY. Dec. 13.— The Rev. Giles A. Easton, D. D. f passed away
shortly fore 5 o'clock this morning at his residence on the corner
of Bancroft way and Atherton street. Death came as the result of
long illness.
Dr. Easton was very well known throughout the State as one of the oldest
and most untiring worker? In the California diocese of the Protestant Episco
pal church. For almost forty years he has labored In different churches,
sometimes as rector, but In most cases as missionary pioneer In communities
where the service of God had not yet been started. The churches of many
of the cities In and about San Francisco owe their origin directly to his
efforts.
Dr. Easton was born In 1829, In Weston, N. Y. He first studied at Trinity
College In Connecticut, coming to California In 1&0 on a pleasure trip. After
one year as cashier of the Pacific Mall Company he returned to Connecticut,
graduating from his college In 1854. Crossing the plains again he became.
convinced of the urgent need for missionary work In this State and returned
to the East to fit himself for the work of the ministry. He graduated from
the Berkeley Divinity School at Mlddletown. Conn., in lKoSTarid In a few years
came to California once more. Since that time till within a few years ago
he has devoted himself unceasingly to his chosen life work.
Jrom 1562 to 1869 he was In charge of Grace Church, San Francisco, and
principal of Grace Institute. He left Grace Church In 1569 to found St.
Luke's Church in San Francisco. When the work of organization was com
plete. Dr. Easton left for San Mateo. and there became the founder of St.
Matthew's Church. Later he forsook this to start St. Peter's Church of
Redwood City. In IMI he went to Santa Cruz, remaining there until 1875 as
rector of Calvary Church. As delegate to the Episcopal Convention which
met In New York City In 1574 he presented the first petition for the organi
zation of a California diocese. After three years as chaplain of St. Augus
tine's College at Bonlcia Dr. Easton accepted a call to the Church of the
Good Shepherd at West Berkeley, officiating there until I*B3, when he as
sumed charge of St. Mark's Episcopal Church on Bancroft way. Here he
stayed until 1595, when he retired from the active work of the ministry as
rector emeritus.
There survive him a widow, one daughter, Mrs. W. R. Porter, and four
sons. Klmball G.. Stanly A.. Robert E. and Berkeley. The time of the funeral
has not yet been set. The services will be held In St. Mark's Episcopal Church,
the Right Rev. W. F. Nichols, Bishop of California, officiating, assisted by
the Rev. George E. Swan of Berkeley.
KEVIVAL OF NEW YEAR
CALLS MAKES TALK
i
Mr*. Smith, With Great Dignity,
Stands by Her Original Plan
of Receiving.
OAKLAND. Dec. ll— Mrs. F. M. Smith i
quietly and pleasantly declines to enter |
Into any controversy with any one in re-
to her proposition to celebrate New
Years toy by a "revival of an old cus- |
torn." In a most dignified and courteous I
manner »he reiterate! her intention of !
celebrating New rear*! day by "keeping
open BOOM to her friends," and at the
same time she refuses i<> make further
■tatementfl as to the programme that she
proposes for that day or the menu that
the will offer her guests. So It Is that
one of the leaden of Oakland societ> \
refuse* to modify any of her plans or, at i
the same time, give to the public more
of her home life.
•\\e have always kept open house on
New gear*! day at Arbor Villa." said Mrs.
Smith to-day, "and so the custom is
: nothing new lor us. I propose to wish my
friends a happy New Your with a dig- ;
nity betutlng the occasion, and 1 am quite '
suy. that there is no one on my list who
does not lespeol the standard which a
bostess chooses to set for her home. You i
will pardon me if I say that any further
discussion of my home or guests seems
to me unnecessary and a trlllo ridlcu
loub."
And so Mrs. Smith has closed the Incl- I
dent as far as she is concerned, but the i
Oakland tongue has been unhinged by It.
and everywhere there is discussion as to
whether the old system of New Year s call
should be revived, and if revived whether i
It will carry with it the attendant punch \
bowls and sideboards which have made ■
New Year's calls the buxt of so many
rathe* serious Jokes. The dignity with ,
which Mrs. Smith has put her person
ality and her reception out of the case !
has made the discussion a general and
Impersonal one. and those who have |
spoken do so upon the general proposl- j
tion of tho revival of New Years calls.
••Without any referen« e to Mrs. Smith.
I would say that 1 oppose the celebration
of New Year's day when liquor is used,"
said Mrs C. J. Mills of Mills College.
"One of the reasons why New Year's calls
fell Into disuse was because of the abuse
of the occasion. It was well that that
feature of the practice has been dispensed
with, even if the custom of calling had
to be dispensed with."
"The custom of calling on New Year's
day." 6aid Mrs. J. K. McLean. "Is a %• rv
pleasant one. and 1 am sorry that th» j
custom has gone out. Of course It is no»
necessary to abuse the custom because It
is a good one and it in needless to say
that I do not favor the use of liquors."
"I do not see anything remarkable in
the fact that open-house to one's friends
Is to be held upon New Year's day," said
Mrs. Charles Webb Howard. "I think that
It la very well understood what I would '
QUEER PROCEEDINGS AT
INDIAN MURDER TRIAL
OAKLAND, Dec. 13.— Man's inhumanity to man In a mild form was aptly
Illustrated to-day In the case of seven California Indians'— four squaws
and three bucks— who for the past two dnys have desertvd their ranch
erla near Pleasanton to attend a* witnesses the trial of Frank Bhenave.
charged with the murder of Frank Florets, whom ho stabbed ilurlng a drunken
brawl at the Indian rancherta several week* aro. Tin- Indians had been sub
penaed by thr prosecution, and they appeared a motley, dusky thrnng a(«_^h''y
sat Indifferently listening to the proceedings in Jwlge Ogdcn'fl court yesVr
day and to-day. When court adjourned laat evening they remained half
asleep on the benches In the lobby until Interpreter J. J. Alvlso Inquired of
Court Clerk Baker. "What are you going to do with these witnesses?" Ba
ker remarked that he "did not want them." but the same query nut to Judge
Ogden resulted In an order that they must be provided with food and lodging
over night. D. M. Connor, attorney for the defense, shelled out 70 cents,
enough for f'lerk Baker to pay for a meal around at a Japanese eating
house, and thereafter they were taken to the County Jail. With great diffi
culty were the Seven witnesses persuaded to enter the Jail and lodge behind
the gray walls and Iron bars for the night.
This morning Sheriff Ropt-rs escorted them to a restaurant for breakfast,
and when noon arrival and Clerk Baker was again at-ked to take the Indians
out to lunch he demurred that he was "out of society," So Deputy District
Attorney Harris advanced 25 cents each for their meals.
The murder trial closed for argument this afternoon and the seven Indians
were lined up before Judge Ogden to arrange about their fees, when Attorney
Connor stepped forth with a claim of 70 cents: Attorney Harris vow
wanted $175 advanced for their lunch: Sheriff Rok*ts demanded pay for
eeven meal* supplied at 20 cents each, and matters hi ram.* quite complicated,
when Judge Ogden summarily decided to advance each Indian 25 cent* for
supper and allowed them enough to pay their fares back tfl Pleaxantun.
In commenting upon these Indians as witnesses Deputy District Attorney
Samuels In hip argument referred to their peculiar characteristics of abso
lutely disregarding the seriousness of an oath and of having r—ptel only for
their living ajid caring not a straw for their dead. The prosecutor said he
did not ask for a verdict of murder In the flrst degree. The case will go to
the Jury to-morrow morning.
! switch, and the flat car with tho wood
struck the last car of the local as It wan
passing the end of the Switch. The engi
i neer on tho freight train felt the force
I of the impact and immediately reversed
| his engine and drew his train away in
1 time.
Th«* passengers In the last car felt their
car caroen until the wheels on one side
were lifted cloar off the rails. There was
a grinding and crashing of timbers and
the passengers were thrown about and
expected every Instant that the car would
topple over, but tho freight train drew
away In time and the car settled back
upon the rails.
Assemblyman Joe Kelly was In the car
, at the time und he says that it was as
narrow an escape as he wants to en-
I counter.
do nnd I see nothing to discuss in the
matter.
T he N £ w YeR T' raM custom fell Into
disuse „ because the serving of liquor be
came, a part of the custom." said Mrs.
J^TSiff 1 Pel i on -. chairman of the press
(ommltt.., of the Woman's Christian
Temperance Union. "The custom was a
good one but the feature of liquor serv
ing killed it and it wan better that a
pleasant custom should fall than that the
«,?)?« r should 4be Bervetl. It Is not within
our province to discuss Mrs. Smith's home
affairs, for she may belong to the same
class as did the wife of President Hayed,
who never offered wine to a visitor, or
Mrs. Rockefeller, who received calls on
New \enrs day and served coffee or
chocolate. The calling was nice, but the
abuse to which It was subjected was very
harmful.
"I object to sideboards or punch bowls,
but have no particular thought one wav
or the other upon New Year's calls." said
Mrs. 1... R. Webster.
"Sociability without wine Is pleasant
and proper. said Miss Williams of the
loung women's Christian Association
"I read with pleasure that Mrs. F. M
Smith was going to revive the old custom
of New Year's calling." said Mrs. Mar
garet Blake-Alverson. "and then I read
that she was being criticised for her gen
erosity. For that I am sorry. My father,
a minister of the gospel, always set aside
that day to receive his people and his
friends, and I have never In all these
years failed to keep open-house on that
occasion. I suppose that it was not con
sidered fashionable, but It was my day
for receiving old friends. • We cannot all
do as much as dear Mrs. Smith, but we
can do as the Lord has prospered us. We
all have friends, no matter what our sta
tion In life, and at such a time our friends
will find us If they know we are ready for
them. I for one will keep open-house And
I know no one will go from my door reel
ing." .
"I think that It Is a revival of a nice
custom, provided it is revived without liq
uor." said Mrs. 8. C. Borland of the W. C.
T. XJ. "Mrs. Smith Is a great hostess and
has done much for Oakland society, and I
believe that she will do much more by
not serving liquors. Those are merely my
principles and not a criticism of Mr-
Smith, who I believe will act always for
the best." : -:\.
And the discussion has started and Is
apparently without end. : ■■«■■
Signed Will on His Deathbed.
OAKLAND. Dec. 13.— The will of Peter
Prtersen. who died at Castro Valley No
vember 28. 180. was filed for probate to
day by the widow. Mary Petersen, who Is
named as sole device* and <-xecutrlx. and
who applies for letters of administration.
The estate Is valued at about $3000. The
will was made Just four days prior to tes
tator's death.
■ ♦ »
Thurber Released.
WOODLAND. Deo. 13-The criminal
prosecution of A. S. Thurber of Vacavllta,
charged with obtaining money under false
pretenses, wan dropped to-day, he having
paid all demands and cost*.
FEAR OF LOSING
HIS EYESIGHT
DROVE HIM MAD
Sad Case of Robert
J. Stanton.
Oakland Office Pan Francisco Call,
WS Broadway, Dec. 13.
The fear that he would become totally
blind before he could return to hi* child
hood^ home In Ireland has unhinged th«
mind of Robert J. Stanton, aged 28 nan
who is being detained at the Receiving
Hospital for Insanity. Ilia case Is truly
a pad one.
Stanton came to this country about ♦en
yearn . ago and soon found employment
with the Southern Pacific Company. About
a year a*.,. while engaged in driving
spikes at track-laying in West Oakland
a piece of ilsh plate snapped and struck
him In the left eye. The metal pene
trated to a depth that necessitated the
extricating Of . the eyeball, and since then
" t . on . has been employed In and about
the yards at West Oakland. During tne
Fh« l .i f Er , w £? ks £ c complained tl.-.t
the sight of his other eye was slowly
over it* and he worried a great rt " al
t^n. ll^. fearing that he might become
totally blind, he concluded to apply to the
r ?i lr ? ad ftuthorltlea for passage to his
old home in Ireland. Thla afternoon he
?l a .i to . nay e called on the paymaster to
cann time checks for about $50. and be
was to have received tickets entitling him
to transportation across the continent and
across the Atlantic to his old home; but
continual worrying over the dread fear
that he might become blind before he
could see his parents for the last time un
balanced him mentally, and last evening
on the very eve of his hopes being juiriial
ly realized, he was arrested for lnsanl'y
He now labors under the hallucination
that several men are constantly pursuing
him with the intention of murdering him
then throwing his body Into a vacant lot
they would set up the claim that he was
Insane and committed suicide.
"All night long for several nights now
have i walked the floor of my room "
said Stanton to-day, "and I feel that if I
once go to sleep these men will kill me.
You nay it is alt imagination and that IT
I go to Stockton Insane Asylum the doc
tors may rid me of that horrible idea If
that Is true I most certainly am willing to
go there."
Another man. R. H. Teggart. also
employed until recently by the railroad
as a section hand, was arrested to-day
at the West Oakland yards for Insanity.
Teggart has been out of work for some
time, and to-day threw himself in front
of a switch engine at the foot of Peralta
street with suicidal Intent. The engineer
saw him In time and stopped the locomc
tive before Teggart was struck. At the
Receiving Hospital it was found that the
unfortunate man was In a starving
condition. He declared that he was not
Insane, but nearly starved to death; that
he had not eaten any food for several
days, and hence he had concluded to end
his misery. Teggart Is aged 35 yeans and
will be examined by the Lunacy Com
missioners to-morrow.
Laid to Rest.
ALAMKDA. Dec. 13.— The funeral of
Rev. Samuel T. Bterrett was held this
morning. After a short service at the res
idence. 2104 Alameda avenue, a public
service was held In the First M. E.
Church. The pallbearers were J. B. y,,.,.
berg. A. Hay. J. Fols..m and L. Kurd. In
terment was In Mountain View Cemetery«
Capture of an Ex-Convict.
BERKELEY. Dec. 13.— Antolne Ghelso.
an ex-oonvict. was captured last night in
West Berkeley by Deputy Marshal Fred
Rawßon. Ghelso was taken in the act of
burglarizing a store on Unlversltv ave
nue, between Sixth and Seventh streets.
The police have traced several of the re
cent robberies In weal Berkeley to him.
This morning he was taken before Judge
Edgar and pent to the County Jail on a
charge of burglary.
is the equal (and in FRESHNESS the sB\^i^-7
Ls£uK4 superior) of the finest Dutch or any jH vO/ c^
ißf other imported goods. Costs about IS
!&W 50 cu P s " == 30c
JM Ask your grocer— hi Ib 30c; 1 !t> 60c. IS
g^flL Made by a new process by the manu- whS?
J^T GHIRARDELLI'S BREAKFAST COCOA
LEFT HALF HER
BIG ESTATE TO
THE RED CROSS
Will of Theresa Mer-
chant Filed.
Oakland Omce San Francisco Call.
SOS Broadway. l>4r. 13
By th* provisions In the will of tho
late Mrs. Theresa L Merchant, which was
tiled for probate In the Superior Court
this afternoon by J. it Richardson, th«
Oakland Red Cross Society will bo en
riched to the extent of about $15,000.
Mrs. Merchant, who was noted for her
charitable traits, died In this city Novem
ber 23 last, leaving an estate valued at
over 130.000, including three notes secured
by mortgages on Alameda County realty.
$S100; cash deposited In savings banks.
f.«07 80; an undivided one-half interest In
realty at the corner of Kearny and Cali
fornia streets. San Francisco. 115.000.
In her will, dated October '.-•. i-«. and
witnessed by J. B. Richardson and L. D.
Manning, testatrix names Baron D. Mer
chant, her son. Frank L. Adams and Mr.
Richardson as executors, but the two
first named have already filed their re
nouncement of rights to letters and the
petition for these Is therefore Mlcd by Mr.
Kichardson. To Baron D. Merchant, re
siding .it San — . testatrix bequeaths
the Han Francisco property, aldo burial
lots In l.aur.l Hill Cemetery and Moun
tain VI. Cemetery; lo Anna I. Richard
son lift), to b« used by her for the Boys"
Club with which she is connected: to Jes
sie Plllsbury of Rockvllle. Conn.. an<l
Henrietta l'erabeau. rnildren of 11. In rich
PeraDeau, a deceased brother of testatrix.
$100 each, ana It is further directed that
Baron D. Merchant, a.-< trustee, expend
not to exceed Kit) pvr year for not more
than four years, beside* |li> monthly each.
In the Interest of the education of Theresa
and Theron Plllsbury. children of testa
trix's niece: to i >.■■ German Old People's
Home at Frultvale. known as the Alten
helm. J2OO I:- bequeathed, and the remain
der of th.- estate, which will aggregate
about 515.U00, Is dl*po»e<i of In the follow-
Ing clause:
All the fft. residue and remainder of my
property of every kind and nature I direct mv
executors and trustees to take charge of an<l
t;»e the »arne for th« benefit and advancement
of the Oakland >'•• I Cross tiocletr In California,
and it Is my wish that If there b« > b.>m>lt;\l
used In connection with tho work of said so
ciety In California that the above-mentioned
residue be used to equip such hospital so far
as the same may be necesnary, and that t<h*
same be u--J for soldier* who com* from ibe
1., ific Coast.
The will of Eleanor Kmll-. Pearne. who
died at Berkeley last Friday, was also
filed for probate this afternoon by Charles
W. Jackson of >'..-r.. and James K.
Walsh of San Rafael, who are named
therein as executor* and trustees-. Th«
will Is dated February 15. U*7. and wit
nessed by Ada F. Robins and Annette
Pearne. me estate, the total value of
which is not known. Include! Oakland
realty. $10,000; San Francisco realty, $3000;
Marin County land. BOIL beside* money
In banks. Jewelry and household jrood.-».
Th.' entire estate is devised to the trustees
named In trust for th use and benefit at
testatrix's daughter Gladys, and in th«
event of whose drath In-fore reaching th»
age 01 21. It will go to Orace Wadlolgh
and Fanny Oliver, cousins of testatrix,
residing at G:tU*na. Illinois.
LENIENCY SHOWN A
YOUNG HORSETHIEF
OAKLAND. Dec. 13.— L. L.. Starr, tho
young man who last May stole a horse
and buggy from 11. R. Brown In East
Oakland, pleaded guilty to a charge of
grand larceny before Judge Hall to-day
and was sentenced to one year's Impris
onment In San tjuentln. Attorn*-. Uon
Woolner on behalf of the accused asked
that the court exercise leniency on th«
ground that the young man's downfall
had been brought about by others. In pro
nouncing sentence Judge Hall admonlsh'-d
the prisoner to reform. "You are still a
young man," said his Honor, "and If you
accept the punishment in the proper
■ptrti then is yet hope for yottr rrf u.u
lion and chance of becoming a useful
member of society. If not. the next time
you cannot expect leniency. The iourt
would be compelled to exercise its full
power to protect society."
In the same court Lewis Newman plead
ed not guilty to ■ charge of felony "in
besslement, preferred by Byron Ecken
brecher. and his trial was set for Janu
ary 19. 1900.
Thomas Hussey. charged with stealing
a check from a letter addressed to L C.
Smith of Alvarado. will bo tried January
30. 1900.
STABLEMAN REPORTS
THAT HE WAS HELD UP
OAKLAND. Dec. 13.— Manuel Courant
told the police to-night that an effort had
been made to hold him up this evening at
the stable of the Parcel Delivery on Ninth
street, near Jefferson. irant say* that
he went out Into the back yard a moment,
and as he did so he saw a man with some
thing shining In his hand. Courant
Jumped back Into the stable and gave th»
alarm. The police found no trace of any
man. but Coarani Is very sure that ho
was confronted by a man with a revolver
and think* that he disturbed the man
while he was attempting some other Job.
Deserted Wife Becks Divorce.
OAKLAND. Dec. 13.— Ada F. Foye. by
her attorneys, Abbott * Fitzgerald, this
afternoon Sled suit for a divorce from
George F. Fcye. a well known commercial
traveler. Desertion Is alleged as the
ground for the action, and the complaint
recites that the parties were married In
Oakland In 1534 and that the wife was de
serted In August of last year. Plaintiff
as<ks for a decree and $35 monthy alimony.12
SAN lit l*« • CALL.
rt'SINFFS OFFICE of the Fan Francisco
Cull, crrner of Market and Third streets, open
wmll ".i o'clock every right In the year.
BRANCH OFFICEB-SS Montgomery street.
corner Clay: or*-n until 9:*o p. m.
jrv Hayes FtreH : open until 9:20 p. m.
179 McAllister i-tr-ret; pen until 9:30 p. m.
fir. Lsrtda ttreot: <rw-n ur.til f:3" p. m.
I>4l Mlml'-n stroot: open until 10 p. m.
TNI Market »-trect, corner Sixteenth; open
er.til f p. m.
ir*> Eleventh Ftreet: open until • p. m.
lf'.'f Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
KZZ Polk ►trert; open ur.til I p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second ar.d Ken-
ucky FTrrctF: fpn until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
FAN Fran*-!*™ Chapter No. 1. Rnyal ./V
Aioh Mk*.nF. moots THIS EVENING. Jt/f
I ..-gre«-F 5 and C r
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. ■
M . will ciwt THIS (THURSDAY! J*^
EVENING, December 14. at 7:JO VTf
o'« lock. Klr*t degree. By <rd<-r of the /XT'
Matter.' FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec.
MISSION Chapter No. 7>. It. A. M.— ■
e;v-!»l m.vt'.ns THIS tTHIUSDAYt _/V.
EVENING. 7:j't o'clock. MiM-lur. Ma- j£JT
••■ t:lr T«»r>l*. tOU MlKslon Ft. Msrk'^r^
M after deKiecv By order of the H. P.
JXO. R. HILLMAN. Secntary. _
6OUT7T SAN FRANCISCO I-*«dg.« No. »
:i^ F. and A. M.. meet* THIS
<THUKfiDAY» EVENING at 7. Si TtX
o'clock for Fjrtft degree. By order of /V *
tlie Master. E. C HARE. Secretary.
jT>Hl<" Lodge N". 2.6. F. and A. M— •
Culled niei'tlnti THIS _^V_
EVENING ut 7:3 ii <> clork. First tie- jT 3T
Fire. By order of the W. M. /V^
J. It. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
VEHBA BUENA Lodge No. 15. I.
(i n F r- , - Initiation T< >•
NIGHT M - 1 and '•-•:■ •'!.!v..-:r.n'«J2'w«Jß'
and lota of Jt. All member* or- "•UwJseW^
<lered to be present. Vfriting brothers cor-
. .. y Invited; 7:3" t-harp.
CHAS WILSON. N. O.
W. H. BROTT. R«-c-rdln« Secretary.
J'ACJFIC Lfflge No. 155, I. O. d7~^Z^ZT
F.. will initiate THIS K V K N I X » i. ~^gEg<£-
:•■ ember 14 >..• \>t. r* .■■ r- ■;?"fls£s~
<3!ally invited. "WIW
L F. TURPIN. N. Q.
FRANK P. ASHWORTH. Rec. Sec
HALL of Occidental Lodge 179. I. •• -v •
O. O F Ir.ltiatl n THIS a»>«HC^.
THUSKS! IV) EVENING. \!s- 7<Sg:
Iti'i* welcome. " ''" v
6. O. WHITNEY. N. G.
IMPROVED Order of Red M.-n and --y"
Dauchten of p.vah«'nta».— Member* *A*,JSito
«:i.l xitriv t'alefare friends are In-
vlted to httftid *.h^ memorial Fervloesto I •••in Id
at U»>d Mrn'F Hall, No. 220 Port St.. under the
mit-rluF of thi» trlbea and councils of this
KMen-at I .in. .m THIS THURSDAY, December
14. ISiO. at 8 o'clock p. m.. In commemora-
tion at the one hundredth anniversary of the
S.ath oj i.ur Kirat bn ther. GEoHOK I' AMI-
INGTON. Metn.irial Srr\ Iron <'on:mlttee.
T. D BRANDON. .■airman.
F. H SWAN. SerretaO'.
Hri:T|N(i and .-WU..n .if offl<v>ra of » %T7 s.
v.. Ban Ptaadaea Scottish Thistle. 3v, qjj
•iul THIS iTHCUSMAVI EVEN-
IN'!. Frn'.ertmy J tail. S2 »"•' Kartell
»t , > o'clock. A full attendance requested.
JOHN Itnss. Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATERBON. Recorder.
THE Callfirri-.a D«-ljr:« CommUslon. having re-
c<-lv««d afiplicatloca to mine by the hydraulic
proecca :roß> B. F. Krith and J. and Wm.
<;unti'.r. in th* Sydney Fiat Gra%el Mine,
t.'-ar Jaxkaoavlllc Tuolumne Co.. to deposit
«..:.• in VWxjds Cn-ek and Tuolumne River;
Jr. m tS:» Kurrka 1-ake anj Yuba Canal Co..
t-<-nFolid;:t»d. In a jxirtlon vf the »'ons..lldated
Placer Mine, at Columbia Hill. Nevada Co..
t" u-poFit tailings In Creek: from F.
M. ThomaFFon. in the i.'halk Flat Mine, near
I'lke i'liy, Sierra Ca. to dejxin'.t tailinc* In
«'ha!k Flat ilavlne; from Walter H ;re. In
\L* Bi-ilre Plai-cr Mine, near Railroad Flat.
<"*U\-»-rai. Co.. to deposit tailings In a ra-
»lne l#i,.»- il,e mine: fr.m Paris B»-an. in a
« ranch Df Cof!>» Pot Ravine, in Yut.a Co..
mar Cl!i>j*t Mills, to drjv.sit talllncs in
Coffee !'• t lla.lne; from J. W. Plndrr. in the
L'tti- tin;. «;:.■•. n<cr H u mllton. Tu...lumne
Co., to drp-iFit tailings in Streamless Valley;
J«-.>m J. M. 0111.-rt anj A. M. Col well. In the
r.« n Kranklln and I>avls Consolidated Mine.
at Yankee Jtrr>. Placer Co., to dep<jFlt tul'.-
ir.fi>. :ti an <il4 pit; from Jos. William* et
als., in the Williams Ranch Mine, near Ono.
M.iiFta Co.. to d»j>OFlt tailings tn \Vats»n
«;'ilrh: fiorn O. W. H«-nd<n>nn et als.. In the
Southern fi.rr Mine. Ntn t Yankee Jlmn, l'lacer
«'.> . tr. deposit t*llincs in Mexican Gulch;
*: i from A. W. Mellr-n et. uls.. In the Chero-
)«•• Mir.f. at Ch«-rokee. Butte Co.. to deposit
lalllnci In I>ry Cr«»ek. pivea notice that a
r-"t!:;K will !>e h«-ld nt room 59. Flood bulld-
ir.g, Fan Francleco. Cal.. on December 26.
I >• '.«:*. Nt \:2i n. m.
ANNUAL Meeting— Regular annual meeting of
the Ftockholdera of the Paauhau Sucnr Plan-
tation Cnmj'^ny will »>e held at the oftice
«jf tiir company. 827 Market St.. In the city
and cour.tv of Han Franrl*oo, on SATUR-
DAY. tU- Id flay of I^cember. 1S9!». at the
hi ur cf II o'clrnrk a. rr... for the purpose of
♦le^lng a board of directors to serve for the
«!>ulnc year and the transaction of such
other butlncfs as may come b«fore the meet-
lr.«. Tranrfrr books will close <in Wednes-
day. November ~i. I^-9. at 3 o'clock p. m
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
Th» af.nv* advertised meeting of the Paa.u-
tau Sutar Plantation Company Is postponed
Bnta THURSDAY. Dwmber 21. lUI at 11
joVlock a. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of ihe stockholders of
Th» N^vad^ Natirnal Bank of San Francisco
Cal . will l«e h«-ld nt itn hanVlnc house. 3fll
Mnßtjraraerjr rt.. Fan Franfi«f<>. Cal , on
TUESDAY. January ?. l!<on. at 3:15 o'clr^k p.
m.. fir the "tiTtlon ff directors to *erv* for
the •■nsuinr v.ar. anl the transaction of such
rwher I>ufirifM« a* tn.iv come l»>for«> the meet-
ITI^ _, r -no. GRANT. Secntary.
..
ASTROLOGY.
TJJITR rortnne— Aatrolorr. ijy"rnaiTonlyri«end
P. (i. rn^.n-y orfl -r for $2 W. with the f..llnw!nic
r.o,u!r«>d da?n: Th«- hour of >-«.ur birth a. m.
«T jv m.: (1»t»>. nr.nth. year: city a»j.> rountrv--
aIM whether ma> rr femal*. marrted or Fin-
ale: please elite v. hrre \.,u wl»h your horo.
s<"«'^U5 < "«'^U" r " 1 r*"a<llncr *" a<1lnc forwarded to by mall. Ad
PROF L .' HENRY. Astrologer. P. O. box
?C7. Pan Franrtwco. Cal.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
AT VICE frr-e; R W. KING, sixth HoorTchron.
1 -I«. t.ulldtr.g; no advance charges; a.ll • .-!■.►.,;
estate*. •:••■. c- - .!v:..ir. «. collections'
!.-.- krujtrv; will-. «t?., drawn; moderate fees'-
< a.'.'. . r write.
AIAICE frw; dlvorre law a specialty; private-
iio fee without vuecess; collrctlona. G W
HOWE, atty nt lav. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
TwOAH F. FlX>O|\ «.3-. Market~*t.. opn. Masoir
a-- ftOWntttlOH fr»-e; moderate fees.
r. H MF.R7.BACH. ntto'mey at Saw. has n-
«-d_praaice at fJ3 Cal. st.. ciunle bldg.
'"m. 8 /" LAIIK - Kmma Sprerkrls building. 927
.'. Market; <octalftsaa free: no fees in advance.
A l^ ". T - fr#^ : nn rt "»^ce unlen* succersful. \V
" DAVIt.«BOV. o?7 MarVer rt . opp MaFon!
■IirVC'I.E ItKPAIHING.
V -S II V VARNTT. Market "and Tenth
ItAMBT.KR IDEAL BICYCLES
HrrimiNi: a spescialty.
HOAIII) AMI Room.
•mn.r;n a^A'HOTKL."; Polk ut CUy-auat
ny fult'-F: best hoard; for 2. $41 up: single. $20.
JCII'V. :2J-Unitej States Hotel; room«~sTto
wf»* op. with l..>ard $5 sf>: Fulte for two with
»•■••» rl. 112: ».<.ard. $4 week; meals. 25c; ele-
vator n:n» at! n gnt.
HOTEL FAIHMOJ'NtT 1714 larfcßi Klegant
ri«w furnitur. : flrM-o>*F m every respect;
1«h1e utiMirj'SKF.d: hft and fold rat. ele-
_ xat^r; Mjit.«. with h..ard for 2. $50 nth up.
j »s PAI.MAS. ;v?o Murket st.-Sulte of I or J
rrlvate; bath; jjn. rms.; board optional.
rxiNGWoRTH. r.« «Ve,r>-L,nte Fultea. hathT
►_!^_ r __sT nt i' > JL'"L' %xty>:iPnt table boar(l -
2S2LL f " mll> \h nM : flm ~i**« In all"ip"p^ln7l
m/r.ts: rxrrilent table. *07 Califonila st oc-
tiit'vlnc r, rr»-r opposite Grace Church.
ROAIID AND ROOMS WANTED.
COI'PJ.n dr-Fire runny room and^o^rtTlJTpr^
vate family: very roa^naMe; state price
!/*. Call ortl-^. I'rice.
riRST-«*LAK.S rt>om nnd board wantedTno" obi
lectloa If part or it.» wh-.le in exchange for
*ocal and rlano team: by Iradlnr Finding
tmrher of 8. F . *hw ofnre v in central ].
raiinn. TV.x 17m. offire.
— NEW AND 01 11.
FCIfOOL BOOKS bought and exchanced
H-Im~ Fnr.k fo'. Tf| MU.lnr, ,t.. T.f W r Third'
HOOTS A.M» -ll' I -
6PBC3AX.M SPECIAL!' SPECIAL-!
:■»• j ..-i i : f Infants patent leather shoes Ftzea
j to 6. only SS cent* t>alr; mall orders filled
rr:OPLER SHOESTORE. 1303 Stockton et.i
n«-ar BroaJway.
JJOOTS and shoe* made to order from Ist -class
material. $6 to X: rej^lrlng cheap. 11. SAL-
N I N EN. 441 Bush st . formerly with McNulty.
111 MM:«"» CHANCES.
riW^pXl/KJN: Totrcro.nr. Union Iron Works;
f.ne fixtures: full value tn stock; receipt* $2S
£*>: Vnt »2U month. HASILE. 3 Eddy Ft.
FINE t-orner itroc«-n' : he*t In V I Isalon ; cause
Mle rlckness. COWING & CO.. *M Market at.
?ALOON"with « furnished rooms and bath:
„' , «-4- .|,,ck and fixtures $2.-; cause of sale.
•ickiiVaV. ja ivrr> it . l*t. Third and Fourth.
111 KI\KS9 CHANCES— Continued.
A-3900— RESTAURANT. oyster and chop
house, with dally receipts of $30; only flrM-
clnt»s priors; rent $45; the bent location in this
city. Call R. O. WILKE. i*J6 Market st.
A— CORNER saloon with 7 years' lease In
wholesale district; X'lace estab. years and
clearing from $300 to $400 per month: no better
offer in market. It. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
A— S4OO— DELICACY store and branch bakery,
on Larkin St.: rent $15: good paying business;
fine place for 2 ladies or man and wife. Call
R. G. WILKE. X* Market s^
A— S4SO— CANDY store and factor}', with living
rooms. In choice location on Polk st.; rent
$32; clears $3.'i per week, elegantly fitted; a
rare . han. c R. G. WILKE. $06 Market Bt.
A— lt'i< CORNER grocery and bar; choicest
location; rent $40: doing a large store and bar
trade: stock all fresh: a rare '.unity.
Call R. O. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A-<I>OO— RESTAI'RAN close to Market and
Mh.- n Fts.; doing a rush ■ . business; place
elegantly fitted up; worth double the money
at-ked. Call R. O. WILKE. :<fc6 Market at
A-s»o— PORK and delicacy store, doing a
large and first-class paying business; rent
$!'(■<; tlie very be*t location: owner must sacri-
fice on account of other investments; a great
bargain. Call R. O. WILKE. :- <: Market st.
A-S3OO— SALOON; O'Farrell and Stockton sts.;
lease. R. Q. WILKE. >••■ Market st.
A-s«no-SAI/"»ON; among wholesale houses,
where hundrtMa of j^.ple ;ir» employed bo
nlshl or Sunday trade; rent $30: old nX «. the
cause of sale STENBERG CO.. 26i» Kearny.
• A— PARTNER wanted: restaurant: to attend
cash counter and help In general; $75 per
month guaranteed; prefer partner to hired
help. STENBERG CO., M 4 Kearny Ft.
A-J27J.-SALOON; 2 blocks of Market: 3 newly
i furnished rooms; handsome bar and back bar:
i value in Fight: owner sick: must sell. STEN-
BERG. 26H Kearny st.
$600— COFFEE, tea, crockery, granlteware: the
very beFt location: route with 2(W customers:
$100 per month guaranteed full Investigation
allowed. STENBERG CO.. 26^ Kearny st.
A— sl2oo— STEAM laundry In busiest country
town In California: lot 60x100; brick building;
one block from depot; remarkable chance for
active man: machinery, wagons, everything
in tip-top shape; any one looking for good
place «ill find this a fine investment. See to-
day STENBERO CO.. 26V» Kearny St.
RESTAURANT for nale at 136 Second st
FOR sale— Home bakery with portable oven; 5
yours" lease; rent $15. 4?8 Fourth St.
BUTCHER Fhop; must sell; dean over $200
j.er month: large far-. caFh trade. Address
box f-21. Call office.
BARBER shop and rooms complete; rent low.
1103 Howard St.. near Seventh.
$75- FRUIT and grocery store; good location;
living ma; rent $12. 412 Folnom ft.
I SAL<»ON. with rooms; pocd trade; r<*nt low;
I c ■ •■! location; a bargain 115$ Mleslon st.
t FOR sale— Good fruit stand; 3 living rooms;
cheap Apt 130 Eighth at
BRANCH bakery, notions, etc.; for sale cheap.
SI 16 Tw.nty-thlrd st.
PARTNER with $300 cash In ■ good paying
buMress. Box til. Call office.
SMALL b me restaurant. north of Market Ft..
I for hale at a bargain. Own»T. box 17Mi. Call.
! FOR f-ale— Old establlFhed w.-xgon-making and
hors^Fhoelng business; IS y«ar* present lo-
cation. Apply 22 •lanil aye.
$20«>-PARTNER wanted in old established
business. Box 1714. Call office.
FOR SALE— First -class restaurant: north of
Market St.: half down. Box 1711, Call office.
BHOP for painter, plumber, carpenter: rent
and more in work. WM. HENDRICKSON
& CO.. 614. Call building.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & COS. 412 Sacramento st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been establl*hed at the
crrthweM corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and Fubfcrlptlons has b^en opened
at 12C3 Polk «t.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
> rlptlons has been established at K*C Va-
lencla rt.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
i — w~ _^ -.-.-,. .-,-,-,
BAKERY, also launJry wagon; fine top buggy.
aimoft new; butt. b'JKg-y. new; bus. wagons,
new. suitable dry goods stores. 121 Harrison.
FOR Bale — Cheap: 2 wagons; one box-covered,
one open. Apply at 2"i Buchanan Ft.
ALL kind* of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN a- SON. 2117 Mission st.
10C 1 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts.
buggies, surreys nd hordes. 1140 Folsom Ft.
CARPET HEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
Fend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-307 Tehama st.; tel. S. 40.
CITY Steam Carp^t-beatlng Works, G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. SS-40 fth Ft.: tel. South 250.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
4:3 Stevenson St.; tel. South 2?S; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.:
tel. Main 1-4. GEO. U'ALCOM. proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc ucr yard: laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth Ft.: tel. Jessie 944.
J. 1: MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 243 14th
St.: cleanlnc. *c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 233 Golden
Gat<> aye.; telephone East 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a house-hold Messing, a sure
cur* for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
Alf»nt. riiflre and factory. 21 Spear st.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. CLARK.
the well-known trance medium, may be con-
sulted on all affairs of life. While entranced
(he reveals every hidden mystery. she will
»how you how to overcome your enemies, re-
move family troubles; retore lost affections:
unite the feparnted; recovers lost or stolen
rroporty: 1 ■•Mt.h minerals, tells your entire
life. while in a f.erfe.-t trance; satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; Fend stamp for circular
with r;-cUI terms MRS DR. F. CLARK,
205 Turk ft., near Jones. Horn« Sun. and eves.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. Market M. trance^
UFt medium; life reader and medical clalr-
voyant; treats all diseases; sittings $1.
MME. a CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; best advice In difficult mat-
ters. 8 Ha>es *t.. room 7. second floor.
GRAND test circle to-night; Mrs. Meyer, jiß
McAllister; 10c; Friday. Sat. evg.; sittings.
MME. YOUNG. 605 McAllister; demonstration
of spirit return to-night; 10c; come skeptics.
MRS. RANK IN. card-reader and palmist. Xl
Mission «.. near Sixth.
MRS. DU PREE. card reading; question* an-
swered by mail; advice given. 2!i 7th. room 7.
MME MOREAU. the best medium nnd card
reader; tv up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME. 7.EREDA of 5 Seventh st. is the . r l l-
nal pyj-Fy life reader; readings. 25c.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant nnd water
reader; Herman spoken SI! Mission. op Mint.
EDWARD EARLE. Independent • writer.
230 E!ls St.; circle Sun. and Wed. evenings.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c: truth or no pay- 1149 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
flttlncs dally 2124 Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads lire fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. B Fourth st.
TOUR future told by cards. 25c. KIZH Sixth at..
10 a m. to 6 r>. m
MMF SYBILLE— CradIe to grave; future hus-
I*"'! 1 ' picture. 2>: ladles. «>U O'Fktt*.. St.
COLLECTION OFFICES.'
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no arK c un .
lei-- Fuccexsful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE-4 rooms and bath; modern Improve".
m«-nis; 21R I^ocunt aye.. bet. Van Ne<<F aye
and Franklin st. an ■; Golden Gate aye. and
McAllister at. Apply €23 Golden Gate v.
COTTAGE of 6 rooms and l*ath .' 3103 Cla"y7
between Baker and ' on; lately renovated.
$>— NEAT cottage. 4 rooms, yard: respectable
location. 1703 Turk Ft., near Scott-
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. 6. HIGGINS' dental parlors. 927
Market t.t.. over Cafe iHnkand— extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
cr chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the best and most artistic
dental work tit reasonable prices; pure gold
. fillings from $1 up; other fillings from 60c;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
mini or crowned without pain; plates that fit
r< m $4 60 up; flesh colored plates from $3 50
up; teeth without plates l. specialty; open
evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anaetthetlc for painless dentistry—
Synol. on application to the gums, removes
the pain: see our flesh colored plates; thinner
and Stronger than rubbed; warrant*d for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
tut a plate; fillings. DOc; crowns. $3 50; plates.
full »<*. $5; all work painless and warranted
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
PR GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'FarreM St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method: crowns. $2; bridges $4-
rubber or flexible plates. S3: received I first
I prlzea; no students, guaranteed 12 years.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 14. 1899.
i DENTISTS.
I - - - - --,-,_,-, r
i AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 80* Mar-
ket st . cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
I $1 £0 up; plates, extractions free. $4 60 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, I to I
j p. m. O. TV. WILLIAMSON. M. I«. Manager.
; DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity: guarantee 10 years: lowest prices; 10 op-
erators; no students. '97 Market St.
I PARIS D«ntal Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush; ;
full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. Z&c.
I ■ — —
I SET cf teeth without plate. DR. H. O. j
YOUNG. ISH Polk st.
i OHIO Dental Parlors. Inc.; 8 graduate opera-
tors:open evenings and Sundays. S5O Market.
LOWEST prices In S. F. : work warranted 10 j
years. N. Y. Dentists. 967 Mission, cor. «th.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking School; leading sys-
tem; easy payments; evg. classe«. 103 Post.
1 S. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring Parlors; j
French tailoring system taught. 300 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 357 Geary: Jressee
made. ff. up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
Ing. pinking. I*l P, st ■ ver O'Connor A
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'B Business College. 24 Post st , S. F. ; j
practical courses In bojkkeeplng. shorthand, ,
typing, languages, telegraphy. English (
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc. ; new go-page catalogue free.
ALL official reporters of this city advise stu-
dents to go to Gallagher's Shorthand Insti-
tute, Parrott building; be wise; follow their
advice; be thorough; life scholarship $50.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.. con-
ducted personally by Mr. and Mrs. Ay res;
lite scholarship $50, Includes all branches.
ALL undents but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING civil. electrical, mining,
niech., survey, assay, arch!.; day and even.;
est. U64. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
MISS M. O. BARRETT Is unable to fill all de-
mands for her shorthand graduates; lessons
per* sally and by mall. 302 Montgomery st.
THE Hitchcock School, San Rafael, for young
ir.-n and boys; Easter term begins Jan. T.
E. J. APPLEBY. banjoist and teacher; hours,
1 to C ar.d I to 9 p. m. 220 Eddy st.
ACTING and vaudeville people put on stage.
Hallett. Lyceum Theater. 310 O'Farrell st.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College. 300 Larkin ft., opp. City Hall.
j DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught;
j prlv.orclass. Barker's Academy. SS7 Mission st.
PRIVATE lessons by expert bookkeeper; most
practical method. 1234 Bush st.
LAW schools. 927 Market. S. F.. and 905 Broad-
; w-ay. Oakland: day «nd night: correspondence.
I START right and the end Is In sight. PROF.
MERKI. violin, mand.. guitar. 1008 Mission.
BOOKKEEPlNG.arithmetlc. grammar. writing;
day nnd night: terms low. 1C24 Mission. nr.6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
FIELD'S Employment Agency— Help furnished !
free. 6SC Clay Ft.: phone Davis S2l.
JAPANESE Information bureau; Japanese and
Chinese help. 421 Poet; phone Main 1986.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. n«H O'Farrell St.: tel. East 426.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Agency: all kinds
help. GEO. OAKI. 30 Geary st.: tel Grant it.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
WANTED— By elderly lady, situation to assist
in family; lr kind to children: references; |
waß<-s $is. Write or address MRS. J. C, 1
Emeryville P. 0., Oakland.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation: Is good I
cook or will do housework; willing and oblig- \
ing. Address 345 Minna st.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman, lately ar-
rived, a pood cook and housekeeper, wishes
porltlon In small family. Address 3374 Tenth.
TWO girls, with references, for cooking and
housework; wages no less than J2O; no pos-
tal cards. Call at 741 Harrison, bet. 1 and 4.
WOMAN wishes to go out by the day washing
or h loaning: no half days. Please call ;
at 2 v Fulton ft.
COMPETENT woman desires to be employed
half days at washing Or housework; terms 50c. j
Box KM. Call office,
SITUATION wanted by ■ respectable woman
as nurse; would assist with light work; good
references. 615 O'Farrell st.
I COLORED woman wishes situation to do gen-
l eral use work: '■• good cook; best refer-
ence. 23S Stevenson st.
COMPETENT German woman cook wishes po-
fltion In hotel or boarding-house or first-class
family: city or country. 10C4 Howard st.
DANISH girl wants work by the day; Plain
washing and house cleaning: lace curtains;
wa?h a; home. 1331 Fulton st.
AMERICAN lady wishes position as working !
hous<»k«^-per: city preferred. Call 202 Sixth st
GERMAN woman wishes a few steady places:
washing. Address C. Call branch. 300 Hayes.
2 YOUNG ladies from the East wish situations
as housekeepers; city or country. Call or ad- '
«1re?« 22T. Mason st., room 14.
: WOMAN wants work by day; understands gen-
eral housework; good cook. Box 606, Call.
! MIDDLE AGED German woman wishes poet-
tlon as houfekeeper. Address or call MRS. P.
"KANSK. 237 Sickles aye.. Ocean View
j GOOD dressmaker wishes to go out by the day
terms $3 per day. Call or write, 1424 Market
ft., room 7.
STYLISH dresses made for $4; also children
dresses; reasonable: all work guaranteed; will
go out at $1 25 a day. Call or address 639
Fcurth Ft.
WINCHESTER Houte. 44 Third ft., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 right; $1 50 to $«
week: convenient and respectable; free bus
and barrage to and from Jerry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for call advertisement! and
rabecrlptlons has been established at th»
northwest comer of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ••« Open till 3p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at 109« Va-
l«ncia st.
I
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
M 1223 Polk >t.: open until <> p. m.
EM PLO ENT WANTED MALE.
ELDERLY man. Englishman, of good educa-
tion. sj^akn German and French fluently.
Ft-ek* employment of any kind; would teach
In return for home and make himself gen-
erally useful. Address box '?:,. Call office.
RELIABLE man will distribute circulars or
| advertlHlng matter of any kind or carry ad-
vertlsini sign on street; reasonable rates.
Address box 527. Call office.
' WANTED— Position by young man In whole-
pule jewelry house; have had five years' ex-
perience In Eastern house. Box C 26. call.
RELIABLE man wants place as foreman of
workmen working on dirt or rock work. Ad-
drf-s« box 525. Call office.
BARKEEPER wishes a position: good refer-
encf-s.; long experience. Address BARCH, 741
L::Kiinn St.
SOBER and Industrious man. stranger, wants
work of any kind; small wages or board and I
found; references. BOS 1741. Call office.
HONEST. Industrious man. understanding care
of orchards, horses, carriages, cow, garden
and fowl*, wants position as caretaker any-
wh«re In California or Nevada; good refer-
ences. Address B. P.. 417 Powell st.
MIDDLE-AGED married man. practical farm-
er, wishes position to take charge of a ranch:
understands stock and vines. Call at room 93
AMI* House, bet. 12 and 1 or after & p. m!
BUTCHER, .en year;-' experience, young
man. desires position; can give good refer-
ences. Address box MS, Call office.
MIDDLE AGED man. to tend family liquor
»tore or tend small bar; can get up lunch or
cook short orders; good ref. Box 622. Call.
BOY of It wishes any kind of steady work; un-
dei>tandB German. Addrees box B Call
_branch. 3f* Hayes st.
EXPERIENCED carpenter wishes work In the
; city or country or some institution: Is a flrst-
claes workman. Box 607. Call office.
COACHMAN and general man wants employ-
ment, single; do any kind of work- go any-
where: thorough; best references. Address
box 171fi. Call office.
COOK with wide experience; good reputation-
trood on bread and pastry; sober and eco-
nomlcal. GEORGE STOLL. Russ House.
STEADY, unmarried man desires position of
trust as collector, watchman or work as Jani-
tor or elevator man: can supply the best of '
W""faTke' H ' S " car * of c - p - Richardson!
C. Mai ket st
WANTED— Position by a first-class engineer
and amalgamator who understands concen-
trating machinery, etc.: references given
Address box 1456. Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore at.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
I at 1223 Polk et. ; open till •p. m. " " j
EMPLOYMENT WANTED
MAN and wife wanted; no chlKiren: rent free
US! Valencia st.; call after 6 p. m.
FIRST-CLASS tailor on custom coats. 121
Montgomery st.. room 1, second floor.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and j
subscriptions has been established at th»
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m. 1
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036 Va-
lencia *t.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
' GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician.
1071H Market St.. San Francisco: exam, free.
FLATS TO LKT.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed list
you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL. lv
Montgomery st.
I GEARY, 1917—4 comfortable rooms; bath; tol-
let; 2 beds: 2 stoves; gas and coal. $18.
HAIGHT. Ml Elegant almost new flat of 7
rooms and hath; $25.
MODERN flats; Just finished: 5 and 7 rooms;
bath; basemt.; yard. 1929-1937 O'Farrell; reas.
BUNNY flat: 6 mcmi and bath: newly deoorat-
*<!■ 145 Second aye.. cor. California, Richmond.
SUNNY flat of 7 r.-.ms and garden. 736 Four-
teenth st. near Market; basement.
SUNNY bay-window flats. 7 rooms and 2 kltch-
ens each: first and second Boors 4174 Third.
$16—4 NICE rooms; bath toilet; gas; yard;
cellar. 1917 Geary st.
FREE T4> ALL. j
BEAUTIFULLY Illustrated book, by sending
address to lock bos 643. 1. - Angeles. cc a |
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all sizes. $1 90;
heavy matting. 10c per yard; 30x60 Inch rugs,
$1. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310-1312 Stockton
»t.. near Broadway; open evening.
FIVE rooms, furnished, for sale cheap. Call 10
to 3 (no dealers). 23 Birch ave^
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 SO. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays
the highest price for your Id-hand furniture.
WANTED— SSOOO carpets furniture, etc: highest
price paid: postal. M. Sllversteln. 1121 Market.
HELP WANTED — AGENTS.
AGENTS in the city and outside towns for
rapid-selling articles. For particulars call
forenoons at the Monarch. 1346 Market St..
room 1.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WAITRESSES WAITRESSES
Wanted at C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S, Phone
Grant 1&5.
t waitresses, same hotel, San Jose $20
2 waitresses, same hotel, Dunsmuir $20 I
] hotel waitress, Jamestown IS* I
1 hotel waitress, Keswlck tO
1 hotel waitress. Gait "-'>
1 hotel waitress, Rakersfleld ISO I
1 hotel head waitress 125
6 restaurant waitresses, city a.iJ country j
. $7 week
8 chambermaids to wait, city ?! to f/0
cook, small country hotel J2r.
cook, small Institution »'-0
laundress, hospital J2O
lunch waitress, no Sunday work 50c
FAMILY ORDERS
2 sisters. same house. Mill Valley $.10
tO German, Scandinavian and Swiss cooks and
general housework girls. $30. $25 and $2'J. for
city and country. Apply to-day at C. It.
HANSEN & CO.'S, 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Cook. German style. $30. see lady
here at 10 a. m. ; laun.lress and second girl.
$25; Protestant laundress, $30; fancy lroner.
$30: 2 chambermaids and waitress $20; 3 res-
taurant waitresses, if, a week; 20 neat Irish 1
and German and Scandinavian girls at $20 and !
$25; also a number of places In the country at ,
$20 and $25. J. F. CROSETT £ CO.. 316 Sutter.
COOK for hotel. wage». $30: chambermaid for
city. $20. MISS DILLON. 315 Butter St..
1 hone Main 804.
WANTED— Woman for general housework and
king. Apply 419 Bryant st.
GIRL for general housework; German or Swed-
ish preferred: wages $:'■. 2f'24 Bush st.
WANTED— Girl for general housework; sleep 1
at home. 109 Bartlett st
WANTED— GirI for general housework; plain
cooking; 3in family Mil I.Hrkln st.
WANTED— Experienced waist finishers. 832
Sutter st.
GIRL for general housework: wages $20. 1010 |
Dolores st.
EXPERIENCED hands on woolen waists. S.
F. Mfg. Co.. 409 a Turk st.
2 GIRLB, one for chamberwork and waltlnir.
one to assist in kitchen, llto Bush st.
COMPETENT young girl for general house-
work; adult family. 2."24 Howard st.
WANTED— GirI 14 or 15 years old tr» care for
baby 1 year old. Call at SOO Hayes st.
WANTED— First -class waitress at 305 O'Far-
rMl st.; wages $6 per week.
FINISHERS on coats. 40 Ellis St., room 44.
GIRL for housework: $10 month. I2JA Elev-
enth st.
GOOD sewer and apprentice girl for dressmak-
ing 120<4 Hayes st.
WAITRESS want I at Central Restaurant. 1191
Market st.; apply at once.
COOK and dishwasher for small restaurant In
country; wages $3^ and $15: call early. Miss
DILLON, 115 Butter st.; phone Main SO4.
WANTED- Young nursegirl to assist In care of
young children; city references required. Ap-
ply Thursday morning at ISI4 Gough St.
GIRL to assist with light housework; good
home, Call 4034 Seventeenth St.. near Castro.
FIRST-CLASS operator on vests; steady work;
good wages; also good finisher. 965 Mission st.
GIRL for general housework; no cooking: 2 in
family. Apply between 9 and 12. 1911 Green.
GIRL for general housework. 2208 Powell st.
WANTED Girl 14 or 15 yean old to care for
baby 1 year old. Call at 300 Hayes st.
WANTED Young girl for light housework.
FRANCES. 7&6 Putter st.
YOUNG girl a? second nurse to help take care
of children. IEQ Post St.. near Octavla,
LADIES to learn barber trade; only requires
eight weeks to learn this very profitable busi-
ness; halrdix-sslng taught In four weeks. Call
or write for free illustrated catalogue. MO-
LER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
LADIES' cloaks, suits, $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co.. 1306 Stockton, nr. Broadway.
CLASSIFED advertisements and subcrlptlons
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions haa. been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH of flee for call advertisements Me
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till »p. m. •
A BRANCH Office for Call advertisements and
vubscriptions haa been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st
HELP WANTED MALE.
MURRAY & READY ." PHONE MAIN 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY. 7 A. M
12 farmhand* $30. $."6. $25 $20 and found
6 prun.-r-. $25 and found 3 stablemen
3 choremen, $20 5 men to dig ditches
10 laborers; 7 drillers, city Jobs $60
4 miners. $C 0; other places, not advertized....
U ■ Ichoppers 12 50. $2. $1 50. $1 cord
MURRAY £ READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
HOTEL AND SALOON DKPT.
9 cooks $40. $4.'. $35. $30. $25 and found
6 waiters $35. $30, »'2». $20 and found
Bartender, boss here to-day. 10 a. m., coun-
try hotel
Young man for delicacy store. $40 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and CM Clay «t.
C. R. HANSEN A CO 104 GEARY ST.
Teamsters for th-» Coast road; free fare
10 drillers and rockmen for a quarry, com-
pany work, $? 50 a .lay. part fare advanced...
Mont and pastry cook, country hotel. $75;
i-hampnoej- for a Turkish bath. $40: cook,
country restaurant. $50; neat young barkeeper,
$35. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary ft.
WANTED c.anlener and wife- 2 cablnet-
makers; 2 stair builders; house painter, $2
day; 2 farmers for Santa Barbara County,
$25; farmer. Yolo County. $20; solicitor on
commission or salary: cooks, waiters and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— Vegetable gardener for ranch,
steady Job. $25; 2ft farmhands and ranch
teamsters $20 to $2« and board; American
milker, who can run separator. $30 and board;
milkers and others; cooks and waiters; dish-
washer, small hotel, near city, $15 and found.
_W_D. EWER & co. 610 Clay st.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ.
Employment Secy.. 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Fr»e Employ-
nient. H. Bernard. Sec.. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 151.
GOOD lively and steady gardener. Call at 2444
Howard st.. bet. Twentieth and Twenty-first.
rrRST-CLASS painters wanted at 463 Geary
. street. ;
HELP WANTED — MALE.
WANTED— Experienced shipping clerk; give
reference, uge and wages expected. Box 529,
Call. ' , -
WANTED— Cook and dishwasher at 3252 Mis-
sion st. 1
SOLICITORS on suits to order; cash or In-
stallment. Buffalo Woolen Mills, 632 Market.
BELL boy for Falrmount Hotel, corner Market
and Fell.
WANTED — Young man to do shoe repairing.
Call Thursday morning, 1190 Harrison st.
WAITER wanted at 508 Twentieth st.
MEN wanted to learn barU< trade*; only eight
weeks required; constant practice; expert In-
struction; lectures and everything necessary
to teach the tonscrla! art thoroughly: special
Inducements this month: call or write for fre*
illustrated catalogue. MOLER'S BARBER
COLLEGE. 635 Clay st. The only Institution
of the kind ever authorized by the State to
teach the art.
WANTED — Experienced, quick dishwasher at
once. Llpschltz Restaurant, 413 Pine st.
VESTMAKER or coatmaker can have nice shop
room cheap. 104 Kearny St., tailor shop.
BARBER shop for sale; very cheap; 15c shop:
good reason for selling, cash or part cask.
Particulars of G. TROST. 1532 Mason st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third «t. : 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week
WANTED— IOO men to try our 15c breakfast,
dinner or supper; best In city. 406 McAllister.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at 8.
F. BARBFR COLLEGE. 741 A Howard St.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices.
$1 week. N. T. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
600 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 6C2 Mission st . bet lit and 2d its.
SEAMEN, green hands and ordinary seamen,
at HERMAN'S. M Steuart st.
PENSIONS-J. H. SHEPARD A CO.. attor-
r.eys. Hearst bldg. Third and Market
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c to
60c. t62 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sta.
Ml SINGLE furnished rooms. Me, tie and Ms
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard: read. rm.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. : open until i p. m.
A BRANCH Office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: r>i*n until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109« Va-
lencia st.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Kip For Sale
FOR year-old horse of 1100 lbs. at 23»
Mission st.
50 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621
and 1625 Market st.. between Twelfth and
Brady; also some fine ma I lied black teams.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagon, r::KKI*».
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
$T7 Sixth st.: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WOrtK horse. MB; Norfolk brood mare, wagon.
$30. 19 City Hall ay» . opp. Leavenworth.
HOUSES LODGING — FOR SALE.
IN our lodging house department:
A new, vacant downtown 46-room hous^
$3T.0— 11 rooms; ear Phelan building.
$GSO— II rooms; Geary and Mason.
$1500—22 me; on I'nlnn Square.
MONEY To LOAN
INSURANCE CUT
A. M. SPECK « CO., 667 Market nt.
R. H. WINSTON ... CO 1026 MARKET ST-
OVER WONDER MILLINERY STORE.
20 rooms, rent $40. only $01
23 rooms, rent $40. only ■i.-.
■4S rooms, good location, only 750
67 rooms, finest corner In city S5OO
SI rooms, cheap rent, a snap 2500
TO buy or sell your furnished houses, see PA
BILE, I Eddy: MO bargains; 8 to 100 room*;
title guaranteed: money loaned on furniture.
FURNITURE of 7 .rooms!
$275—9 rooms; hard-wood furniture.
$1100—24 rooms; all rented; north Market.
Central; always pays. HUNSAKER. « Eddy.
LODGING-HOUSE: $425; on account of depart-
ure; 20 ninny rooms: well furnished; all
rented; rent $50. Apply place. 533 Broadway.
14 ROOM lodging house for sale. 1125H Mis-
sion st.
63 ROOMS, elegantly furnished near Leaven-
worth St.: price. $3500. DAVIS. 1104 Market.
M ROOMS, furnished: building on 24 more;
Geary M. DAVIS. 1104 Market st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let: send for cir-
cular G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A. M. SPECK & CO.
HOUSE. FLATS.
1705 Mason. 4 r $10 132 Scott. < r $17 50
25 Lily aye., 5 r.. 15 1716 Mason. 6 r.... 20 00
273 Jessie, S r 25 675 Geary. 4 r.... 900
Ml Howard. I r... 18 41S Fulton. 3 r.... 900
110 Natoma. 8 r... IS 231 Shipley. 3 r... 500
140: CHEAPEST bouse In town; 12 rooms. 1528
Market st., near City Hall.
BUSH. 1224— Sunny house of 9 rooms and bath:
yard; rent $37 50; water free.
DEVISADERO. 621. comer Hayes— House. 8
rooms and bath: $55 rent.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Mnriteomery «t.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— An English setter dog; answers to name
of Rover: Is black and white, with small tan
spots: wears collar with address 34 Essex St.
Reward of ?S will be paid on his return.
LOST— lrish water spaniel; answers to' Rover.
Return to Ml San Jose aye. and receive re-
ward; no questions asked.
LOST— Scotch collie dog; very fat; answers to
the name of Bijou. Return 318 Front St.,
room :<; reward.
LOST— Brlndle greyhound bitch; Tuesday. 148
Flood Jive., Sunnyslde.
LOST— Female fox-terrier: "Nellie": black
spot on back; license. Reward at £20 Howard.
LOST— Dec. 13. lady's small diamond ring. Mar-
ket and Taylor; liberal reward. 535 Vallejo.
LOST— Purse containing ring and check. Re-
ward at Alcazar Theater box office. E. Lada.
$5—5 — LOST Knight Templar emblem, engraved
Wm. J. Llndow. Napa; going from steamer
Zlnfnndel to Cnllfornla-st. cars. Leave at I.
S. VAN WINKLE'S. 413 Market St.
STRAYED away from Piedmont— Small gray
donkey; male. Return to A Mon Chateau,
Pleasant Valley: suitable reward.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable ladles' physician
and specialist: home for patients In confine-
ment or with chronic diseases; best care;
guaranteed treatment at office. $5; consulta-
tion free. 942 Post ft., bet. Hyde and Lar-
kin; hours 10 to 6. 7 to 8.
DR. c, W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist: safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years; treated thousands
of cases successfully: treatment can be used
at home; consultation free; success guaran-
teed. Write or call at 1023' i Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialist,
formerly of 401 Van Ness aye.. 1362 Market,
has returned from Europe with Improved
methods and advanced knowledge: cure at
office $5; warranted: 15 years' successful prac-
tice In S. F. Office. US Eddy st.. near Mason.
PRIVATE home for patients In confinement or
chronic diseases, with bent possible care.
MRS. DR. OWYER. 610 Eddy St.. bet. Hyde
and Ijirkln. Office hours— lo to 12. 2to 4 and
7 to ».
PRIVATE confinement home; sunny rooms;
best of care; nice garden; medicated steam
baths for ladles. DR. and MRS. WEOENER,
phone Pine 2751: res.. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. POPPER, ladles' physician for 37 years;
call on a physician with man's knowledge:
cure $5; consultation free 31S Kearny st.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market; ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated; late scien-
tific methods: cure guaranteed: treatment $5.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' physician. 1122 Mar-
ket St.. bet. Mason and Taylor: guaranteed
treatment at office. $5: hours 9 a. m to 5 p. m.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market St.; hours 10
a. m. to 5 p. m. : at residence. 228 Van Ness
aye.. & to 9 p. m.: guaranteed treatment. $5.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 1113 Market
st.: every case guaranteed: $5 up.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
ease« <-' the human body Ma«r>n »t.
SI I NES AND .MINING. ~~
W. F. ARAM. Mining attorney, room 40 km
floor. Mill" building. S. F.: tel. Main 144.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery Me.
INTOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand -*J- NOONA.N, 1017-101H021-1023 Mission
St.. above Sixth,
MISCELLANEOUS FOII BALK.
AT laM than cost; uncalled-for suits and
trousers to be sold at Charles Lyons', the
London Tailor, 721 Market st.
Caution— Be sure you go to the right store.
721 Market •*.. In the History building.
Charles Lyons has nothing to do with any
other store In the block, his name being In
full over the store (CHARLES LYONS).
BARS, counters, ihowcaaes. shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged 10C3 Mission st.
ITALIAN model mandolin, high grade. $10; coat
$35. Plaza Loan Office. 702 Kearny st. .
ENTERPRISE coffee-mill, counter and shelv-
ing; cheap. K. HATH. 787 O'Farrell st
THOROUGHBRED pug dogs for sale. MRS.
HEPPENGER. 34 Morris aye.. between Har-
rison and Bryant sts.
25 HORSE-POWER engine and boiler for sale.
til Railroad aye.
FIRST-CLASS fixtures: suitable for grocery or
shot store; cheap. 73< Valencia st.
CASH register and fireproof safe for sale cheap.
42 Main st
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planers, lathes.
Iron A wood; to hand. J. BURKE. 133 Beale.
ONE H. R. Smith 4-slded sticker: 1 Goode'l A
Waters planer and matcher. 24x6; 1 air com-
pressor: 1 band saw: 5 locomotives; 3 steam-
ers. 220 Fremont at.
A— l 3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop.
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. nr. Pine.
NEW style Singer sewing machine; 5 drawers;
oak; complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
MAGIC lanterns; new and second hand: acety-
lene generators. Hullnrd & Breck. 131 Post at.
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers. residences; portable safety boxes;
■pad* chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc. Th*
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market nt . S. F.. '»:
FRESH snowballs— "T. Carr" and all brand*
Engllrh fire brick, fire clay, brickdust. 8. It.
CHURCH. 307 Sansome st. ; tel. .Main 50T6.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100. concert records. $2 M BACIGALUPI.
933 Market at.. San Francisco.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. Sl3 Kearny st
CLOSINO out of 300 new and 2-1 hand heaters
and ranges; from II up. 213 Fourth st.
DRESS pants. $2 75: fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTH PARLORS. 613 Montgomery st
FOR Christmaa presents call on SORENSEN.
reliable Jeweler. 103 Sixth st . below Mission.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
BUYS, sells, rents gear machinery, boilers,
water pipe; new, 2d hand. Whltelaw. 21« Bpe«r.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. Worm Pills: by all drug-
. gists, or Dog Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye.
SAFES New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 S»<vwmento st.
Miscf.i.i.AMtM \V urn.
WANTED— Good cash register, couple of 8-foot
showcases and a small safe. Address 3«3
Colfax st. San Jose.
SECOND-HAND high-top organ, cheap and In
good condition, give price and make. Ad-
dress 641-647 Commercial st.
WANTED— To hire 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
STONE. Elmhumt.
WANTED— Morning paper route: about 300 sub-
! scribers. Address A. P.. 39 1 * Perry st.
GOLD quartz rock for Jewelry; $22 per ounce
for gold in it. S2S Bush st. M floor, room 4.
LOT of old windows and tank closets; must be
cheap. Address box 1334. Call office.
j LADIES' and children's cast-off dresses bought
and «old. J. Sllverman. 9M Folsom. nr 6th.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legAcirs. life Insurance; chattel
mortgages, confidential: advice free. O. E.
OLSKN. room 16. first "r. Chronicle bldg.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In B. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without re-
moval; no commission; no delays. J. NOON-
AN. 1017 to 1023 Mlaslon St.. above Sixth;
telephone South 14.
AVOID delays; try all others, then see me; $50
to $100,000; 6 per cent; Ist 2d or chattel mort-
gages, estates In probate, undivided Interests In
j eftatea. legacies and mortgages bought; advice
and money furnished. P. A. I* lan. 636 Markt.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist. M and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate, mortgages gnu legacies bought; no de-
lay, get ray terms befotc doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. J.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry store. gi( Market
st: tel. Main 1644; Branch 19 Third st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 SUth;
highest prices for old gold, sliver, diamonds.
ANT amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal, low rates; confidential.
BONELU. Conservatory bid* . 130 Powell st
On furniture and pianos without removal, quick
fervlc-; money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
€>> and 69. Donohoe bulldtnr. 1170 Market st
AT 126 Kearny. room •. respectable private place
to borrow en watches, diamonds; lowest
rate*: take elevator; tel. Davis 9D5.
ON real estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal. ,Ny amount'
lowest rates. BECKER. 26 Montgomery at.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 per mo. on each
$10 n> >; any security. 302 Montgomery, room 1.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
$8000 TO loan on furniture and piano* at 2 per
cent. WINSTON A CO., MM Market at
TO salaried men. without collateral or tndoraer
B. F. Discount Agency. 143 I'helan bldg.
$50 TO $50.(XXJ: lowest rates: Ist and 2.1 mortcs. ;
any proposition. DRTDKN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st I
IF your property la mortgaged and you need !
more money se> H. MITtPHY. «.V> Market st
M USICA L INVIHI >li;vi V
AGAIN we remind you that you should pur-
chase your medium and low-priced pianos
where they can be exchanged for a Stein way
Within three years and have full purchan*
price allowed. We are selling new upright
piano* for $6 per month, and some good
pianos for $3. $4 and 15 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY A CO., Stelnway Dealers, cor- i
ncr Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco; !
corner Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S
K. 2S and 30 O'Fnrrell st.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; price* lowest: every-
thing possible done to pleas* and satisfy th*
turner.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER A CHASE. 30 OFnrrell st
A DECKER baby right Is a fine thing for a
holiday gift. Sc« them at MAUVAIS' 76J
Market St.
DECKER pianos and Packard pianos and or-
igans are sold only at MAUVAIS'. 763 Market.
OLYMPIA music boxes are sold very cheap for '
cash or on Installments at MAUVAIS'. Hi
M.irket st
— — — — — — —^— — — __^__
ALL makes for a short time only.
$4 $4. $4. $4. $4. 14 per month.
fifty other slightly used high and medium
■Trade? I' l - 1 " 0 *. special discounts for cash.
HEINE PIANO MFG. CO.. m Ellis st.
GREAT slaughter sale of pianos on storage
Hosing out lot of uprights J«0 up; open even-
ings. WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market.
A FEW new pianos to rent at $2 50 per month
_gfOJT : CURTA7. PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st
A-ELEGANT Estey upright for sale: slightly
used; magnificent tone. IQIJU Gough st
A SPLENDID opportunity to~secure a beauti-
ful uprlKht at ■ snap. Rm. 12. Flood bldg
ELEGANT Etelnway upright ■aerUsm for
cash. Room 10. Flcod building.
$1^ E V F ' (:aNT "I 1 1 " 1*"- 'tool and cover: cost
_li^Ll OIJ0 IJ • I*. Installment* im Post.
A-ELEGANT Estey uptight for sale; slightly
used: magnificent tone. 203»4 Goujjh st.
0t s ; cot^Cu r :a hh z i> P >t ,a a n r o rl Co d . ; '.^; t . m^ :
fcrxet ?£ "'*• "•
SOIIMER. Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Pout St.; open even! P**»***» jus
W™.N£EnlW ™. N £ En I ■<*"»«•• pianos. BYRON MAUZY.
305 I out Bt.
F '^' h 'F *,St'lnway upright: saerlflecd.
KEEFFE S. 1019 Van Km aye.. nr. Geary st
LAROK stock of Baldwin and other standard
rlanos. prices reduced to ln«ure prumpi aalea
II HAMILTON. 524 Post at.
W R BADGER. 412 Sacramento st. age it for
Francis Bacon and Hallett A Davis pianos.
Gr»o L , upright piano, nearly new; cheap"
HORM-NG'a. ?1« McAlH.ter st. P
BA « R ?, A 1N ~ Goort upright. ch«-., : . SCIIMITZ. U
McAllister at., next Hlhernla Hank. * 41^ "
B I rM I I'» R vl<3l l _ - *!ther*. old and new. if
VI I 1.1-.n maker, repairer, t I,«tn,rr, rl.re
PALMISTHV.
A Si' E M L disciple of Cherlro. scientific palmlsT
The Norwood. 611 Taylor st. Paimiat
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
POLYCHROME, our own new platinum paoer-
superior to all and lower In price ££>];
. do«. 25c. mailed. Cal. Camera to 22 Gea?y
• PEHSOXALS.
M. J. B.— A II right ; come at cnc*. Is this cor-
rect? [_ B.
M v wife, MRS. MARIA RODRIGUES. having
left my bed and board. I will not be responsi-
He for any debts contracted by her after this
date. JOSE RODRIGUEd. I>ec. 11. UW.^
WANTED— The acquaintance of a lady with
means; object, matrimony . must be preparM
to leave town at once. Box 51*. Call office
RAG carpets wove to order and for sal*; a <•>
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres: dealer hi
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at low i
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 703 Fifth. O*kUr. ..
IF you wish full value for ynur cast-off clots.
Ing call on B. COHEN. 137 Thirl st.
MINERS going to Cape Nome -all and a-.
gold saving sluice box at 17»S Fifteenth at
cor Guerrero.
LEPERER Qulntonlca Is the one thing thn
will give your hair a fine gloss, ttc Dot. Sol:
by LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
COLEMAN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tool-
carpets, old gold: send for him. :■> * Kearny
HAVE your hair dressed by the famous LEI
ERER. an artist In halrdresslng. 25c; <!  ,
wlga made to order; Foamo Eharopoo, tc pkg
G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton at.
MANILA battlefield*- Large, correct beautiful
map; your aoldler boy wants It (or Xmu;
don't be stingy! Sent everywhere on r» ■■-■;•
of $]. Pacific Publishing Co.. r. M ■.<:: Mar-
ket kt. H. F.. Cal. : agents wanted everywhere.
JOHN U BOONS. Patent Trad-mark
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Laws a Specialty.
Fan Francisco. < "a.l. American an.l Torefro
Bend for circular. Patents So!!-it*d.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L>
LEMOS. 1117 Market, bet. 7th and Ith.
ELEiTRIC lights In every room; Wtri7w>r
Hotel. 44 Third st. near Market: 19*) nnmr
»c to $1 50 per night; Si H to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from th»
WCO CHRISTMAS trees; sizes and prices to suit
all: delivered; order early. California ChrUt-
mas Tree Co.. lot Sacramento; t*l Main ::<J
PERSONS desiring to Invest In Nome mining
properties or lota should address box 147]
Call office.
DOLL wigs made of human hair at La Verit*
parlor*. 1140 Market at; telephone Folsom 44«
LEADING theatrical and masquerade cos-
turners; make-up and wigs; country orders so-
licited. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 7:i3 Marl. St.
STAMMERING corrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN. A. M.. Ph.D.. 1313 Had—. Oakland
BKST price for cast-off, clothing and bric-a-
brac. H. MARKS, 7 " Third st : send postal.
PAINTING and paperhangtnr; rooms papered.
$2 in up. JENSF,.. A BATH. 3.11 Sixth st.
HIRSUTINE CO.. hair speclaltlsts. grow hair
or no pay: book for stamp. •' Eddy st.
INCRUSTATION— New invention for rh!n.-» dec-
orators. See 8. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansome st.
LACHMAN A CO., ml of fine furs and seat
garments: also remodeling. I'M Kearny st
WANTED-Old gold for manure O. NOLTE.
Jeweler. 241 O'Farrell. bet Powell and Mason.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
''all. 1* pages, sent to any address In th«»
United Stntes. no«|n>M. *. r '' r"»r year.
111 VI. ESTATE — CITY — 101 l SALE.
BOL GET 7 A BROTHER.
ROOM "A." CROCKER nriLnrso.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOT 3.
The bond issue Is sure to be elected. Buy a
Park lot before values go up.
We bought our properties at low price* for
cash. i.- Nt by our Judgment and secure bar-
gains.
Sunset Heights lots, choicest and cheapest of
all, from 1200 up. Call on us before buying.
; Easiest Installments.
1300 to Richmond lots lower than ever.
$75 to $150— On M!sstnn-st car line and Ocean
! View lots. $5 monthly.
A few nice cottages and lots on Installments.
Branch office. Ninth avenue, near I! St.
open dally. Sunday Included. Call for maps
a:. diagrams.
i SOL GETZ A BROTHER.
ROOM "A." CROCKER BUILDING.
A. M. SPECK I CO..
*67 MARKET ST.. "IT KEARNY.
$120,000.
Downtown business corner. 137:*x137:*: stores
I and lodging bouses above; rents $4COO annually
$iw.ceo.
Ellls-st corner: £0x127; stores and 70 rooms;
will pay 7 per cent net.
$3?. SCO.
Stores and flats: modern: rents about CMOS
yearly; lot 50x60 feet. 2 frontage*, cost 140. 80*
$27,500.
Near Eddy and Jones ata ■ store and 26 rooms
above; modern; pays 7 per cent net
523.000.
Geary at. near Taylor: l> x*C feet: no better
buy downtown.
$21.0r0.
Mission St.. near Third; lot 40xS2; best bar-
' gain on Mission st. to-dsy.
$12.W0.
Cloee to Market and Taylor ats : stores and
i Cats; V feet front; rents about $100.
I-: ■
Corner near Market st: rents $1150 yearly;
store and flats; nearly new.
$7500.
Three new flats; vicinity Powell and Bush
' rts.; rents $73.
|*v*
Pest st: 3 good flats: rents Jro:J r 0: lot 27x110 feet.
$SWO.
Lot 100x100 feet and cozy modern residence;
fine stable; warm belt Mission.
$ISCO.
Near Powell and <~l.iy sts.: 3 flats: rents lIS.
A M. SPECK A CO.. (67 Market st.
FOR sale— Cheap, new 2-story houses; 7 rooms;
latest improvements: Noe and Hill sts.; near
Castro cars; patent sidewalk.
FOR sale cheap—l 2-story houses. In good con-
dition: <n 2«tn st. near ward. MRS.
POHLKER.
FOR sale -or lease— lx>t on Oenrv st . between
Bt-ickton and Towel!. 27:6x137:6. Address
CHAR H. OHM. S<-heHviUe. Sonoma Co., rr n l.
$3400— MODERN ft-room cottage on bltumtntxe.t
•treet: lot !Sxl3o. also a large 7-rqom nous«
en Pierce ft . near Haight. houses built t*
ault purchaier: easy terms. Inquire oa prea.
!•-« F NELSON, builder.
IF you have lota north of ii. lden Gat* Park,
west of First aye . and you with to -»ll thtia.
rail en W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery *t
CHEAPEST and best in Am-rtca-The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year fcr $1.
rrmtagi* raid.
ROOMS FOR l.»l M W. I l'l\«..
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.: open until '• p. m.
CASTRO. 203— Pleasant housekeeping rooms;
reasonable.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received nt Call branch office. 2^50 Flllmore st.
FIFTH. 353— 3 connecting furnished housekeep-
ing rooms. $13; also single rmi . $5. $6 and $7.
FOI^?om. MO— Back and front parlor furnished
for housekeeping; also others.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. ©I— Nice sunny unfur-
nished Rjumt; very reasonable; one front bay-
window room, $7 UK.
GUERRERO. 324— Furnished housekeeping
rooms.
HOWARD, 704. comer Thlrd-Flnely furnish?*
aunny rooms; first floor; also housekeeping.
HOWARD. 7«lH— Nicely fumtshe<| sunny bay-
wlmlnw suite, kitchen, housekeeping; others
reasonable.
HOWARD, R34— Sunny mite complete house-
keeping. $10; sunny parlors. $2 week. .
LEWIS. H. off Taylor, near Post— Newly fur-
nished bedroom and kitchen; stove: $12
MARKET. 1«.», opp. Tenth— Large s'inny al-
cove room and sunny kitchen, unfurnished. $*.
MINNA. » Sunny basement housekeeping
rocms; everything furnlshe.l
MISSION (54. nr. Thlrd-I tunny front, newly
furnished room • Ith stove; rent $7: also 1. $3.
MISSION. W*-Two furnished rooms, connect-
ing, complete for housekeeping.
N ATOM A 701— Two nice housekeeping rooms;
man and wife.
POLK. 717—2 furnished r m> for light houae-
keeping. with use of bath.
POLK. i«n i or : sunny~double parlor* unfur-
nished; also furnished bedroom.
POLK 1527-2 sunny rooms nicely furnished for
housekeeping, with cook stove; bath.
EO VI!i ? AnK ' W*- Lower floor. 4 room*, furl
nished for housekeeping; rent $10.
'.km am v 44— Two housekeeping rooms.
TWELFTH. IZ2. bet Mission and Howard-2
large housekeeping rooms, with gas stove.
TWELFTH. 144— Front and back parlors com-
__plete for housekeeping; running water: bath.
T i VKL r ni - US-Sunny suite of 2 rooms for
housekeeping; also 3 room*.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at KM Va-
A BRANCH office for Call advertlsementa and
riptions has been established at th»
northwest comer of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till » p. m
CHEAPEST and beat In America Th- Weekly
i- i.J. 111 1 " 1 "* nt to ■"* address In th* !
United States, postpaid, for II per yearnoOMS TO LET— Furn. Bnd Vntnrn
: W1 X BOJI 88. j«s SUth-Rooms
" vu * r|t>^" n^ : _ o Penjtl^ night.
>. Turk and Taylor sts -
*»t± . JTl^i' "Sr 1 - yv f "} "*rvlce. elevator:
Mlts J X
Bl^gu"and
nm and families;
■PBe. rat, a tnur.v . nlencs!
PSS2^£ IC * Market~»t. <o ld No. 13e4)-FuTI
ru^ed^unny '
r-^JTocSS:
n nui^* T f~ La ? r ' brlKht """"y room ; well fur-
nlshM; two clcsets; pus. water.
f -liable for 2
"rT": lc7 ~ Pleas * ct «»nny unfurnished rooms
iweek: large wnnTftTrnlSia
rc^m. closet, bath; private; third floor bell.
l "wlrsT» > burnished sunny »iay-
and single^_room«: reasonable: quirt.
Ft -* T 'l nN ' : , 1S ' n *» r Van Ness ave.-Slngle
rt«om; gentleman or lady; »•
GEARY. 405 <The Navarre>^E:egantly furnlsh-
>n * u>te or «l"gle. MRS. li. HYER.
GF.ARY Hi— Nice «unny sultes^jftr tious;keep-
ing; other rooms; baths, phone: reascnable. I
GEARY. 774-Large sunny rulte of rooms; pri-
vate family; nicely furnlf hed.
°l!A A J' D J!oJ !ou **- m SevenTr7-?unny furnished
roomt.; <«»>• or week; reasonable.
° n V li . *°l-*THEnX. SnuThe.st cor. Seventh
ana Mission st«.-Sunny rooms, en suite or
»lr.gl»; laflles parlor; reading room: elevator.
?5*? T «fTS : Wellington-Sunny rooms
faX? to 1150 per night; CM to 17 per week.
GRANT aye.. 217. cpp. Samuels 1 lace house— En
tuiu cr single; very reasonable.
GROVE 419-Front room «uitable for one or
tw-o; It
HAIGHT. 100— Newly furnished sunny rooms,
HANCOCK House. 7SI MUstt n-Srlect family
roomlr.g house; II ro to t« per week.
IKtW-ARD. 715-200 sunny rooms; nicely fur-
nlshed: e\-ery convenlen<*e : electric lights.
HYDE. 232— Newly furnished front parlor, sun-
l>> and central; other rocms: home comfort*.
JONES. 117— Nicely furnished sunny -Ingle
room; private; rent *7.
LEAVEN WORTH. 455. near Ellls-To let; fine
mr.ny and housekeeping rooms.
MCALLISTER. 1014-Larce furnished room: I
large closet; gas; hot and cold water: rent IS.
MINNA. C<7. corner Elrlith— Newly furnished
bay-window room, fl per irifk; transient.
NATOMA. BM. near Sixth— Furnished rooms,
single or en suite.
NEW Arlington. IMS Market— Nicely furnished:
• Stc day up: X week up: transient.
JCICE sunry alcove front room, suitable for two
gentlemen or a couple, with use of bath: rent
reasonable. Apply £24 Howard »t., between
Ftrrt and Second.
NINTH. 50. nr. Market-Front bay-window.
suitable for 2; grate, gas; 110; single. M
OAK. 116— Sunny suite of rooms; gas, bath;
newly furnished; gentlemen preferred.
OOTAVIA. 1433. corner Ge»ry— Sunny furnished
bay window; double b«-d: cne 110; two $12.
OTAKUELL. 23— Sunr.y furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day. wit. mo. (
OTARRnLL. &"4 — Sunny suite: latest improve-
ments; iffntlemen only: *l«o single rooms.
OTARRELL. LU— A nicely furnished suite of I
rooms, bath and latest Improvements.
PERRY. J4— Fir.rle fumifhed front room to let.
F*">LK. I€C2— l^arge frcct room unfurnished;
••: i.i room furnished.
ROYAL House. I 2« Ellis rt.— lncandescert light.
read:ng-room. sm^klr.K-room and ladles' par-
Icr; rooms, per night. 2,*>c to SI 60; we*k. C to
l«: month. »S to $30; elevator en efflee floor;
rooms with hot. cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apiirtment House. 2S Eighth St..
ne»r Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
F IXTEENTH. Z.": 2. cor. Howard^Large sunny
room with stove, partly furnished. V> per
month: also tingle furnished bedroom. $4.
FrTTER. 7G*-Ofnce cf late Dr. Robertson; also
other sunny, handsome rooms.
THf. Oaks. 11? Thlrd-A good rooming hous*
f"r rood t>ecple. H. HUGHES. Proprietor.
TWO larce rooms In rear of Til Natoma St.,
bet. Elchtn and Ninth: rent U.
VAN NEFP aye.. 3.>— Elegantly and newly fur-
■>'•'. kunny bay-wtnduw rooms; no children.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subsrrirtlons has been opened
ot IZZ2 Polk ft. : cprn till S p. ra.
A BRANCH offlc* for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has beea established at IC&6 Va-
lencia «t.
A BRANCH effice for Call advertisements an 1
rurircnptlcr.s has teen established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-seccnd and Kea-
turky rts. Q;-en till tp. m.
ROOMS WASTED.
WANTED— 6-rocm fiat, furnished cr unfurnlsh.
Ed: must be sunny; nice location: north of
Market; walking distance to business center;
adults. Bex f.24. Call office.
SPECIAL SOTICES. ~
LADlES— Colchester** English Pennyroyal Pills
•re the best: safe, -. :iab!ei take no other:
•end 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladles." la letter by return mall; at drug-
Irtsts. Chichester Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
ROOMS tarwred from 11, whitened. II up;
paiMlng done. Hartn-.an Paint Co., 21» Third.
BAD tenants ejected for 14: collection* made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery St.. rooms »-10; tel 5520.
iHE/IPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. IS paxes; sect to any address In the
United Ftatee cr* Canada one year for tl.
future r>nH.
-i \\i\«. MACIII.VES A.YD SUPPLIF*.
J2 MONTHLT. rented: repaired bought, sold:
machine supplies lit Sixth: phone Mint U.
ALL kinds bought »••*"<. «xchanr*d. rented; re.
rnlrlr.r at lowest --.•>. JOS F«urth »t.
STORAGE AM) WAHEIIOLSES.
PIKItCE-RODOLPH Ptorace and Moving Co.
OffW 401 Post st . mr Powell: tel. Main ITU.
WATCH REPAIRING.
WATCHES r!»aned tic, guaranteed 2 years.
The Rny Jewelry tin* rv-^tl'-al Co.. M" Kenrny
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERK I I I HIM ESTATE.
I ELEGANT t-room colonial homes adjacent
ersity at Cal.. Just completed; porcelain
bath; finished In natural wood; ail modern
conveniences: sunny fru&tace. terms If de-
sired, M. L. WURT3. 17th A B way Oakland.
TWO flat* 10 rooms; modern: near statlcn: a
mlnute» to University: price RM>; ea#y terms.
FREEBE A CODDINGTO.V. Berkeley r tatlca.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call H pagea. sent to an- address In the
United Ftates. r»o»tr»H. for tl • -*• rear.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9O3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND nEAL ESTATE.
IBS CASH. t% X monthly till paid for; chicken
run ]>'x?:« feet; sandy loam coll; plenty of
pood water, level land; site, climate and soil
the best; no foe* nor cold winds; 1 building*
now completed: Westall Tract, adjoining East
Oakland: close to electric car Be. JO-foot
boulevard and fine school; price, all told. KM
Call cr send for circular. 46?. Seventh st . near
cvor. Broadway. Oakland; carriage free.
HENRY Zk JONES, owner.
4 , .a.NT houses In course of construction
en Ud St.. bet. Grove and West; 2 completed,
•II modern Improvements. street work, side-
walks done: small payment down: balance
monthly I' desired, house* open for Inspection
10 to 4 Pundays. J. 1! SIMPSON. fir. 2Cth st.
OAKLAND FCn.MTUnE rOR 3ALE.
AN Introduction to you from 11. Shellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th anil Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND .NOTICES.
DIVIDEND No. 4 (2S cent* per share) of the
KJlauea Sugar Plantation Co. will be payable
at the office of the company. No. 327 Mar-
ket st.. on and after Friday. Dec. U. UM.
Transfer books will close on Tuesday. Dec
It. :•**. a.t 12 o'clock m. _
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND No. 74 <2J cents per share). of the
Hutchlnson Su*rar Plantation Company will
be payable at the office of the company.!?!
Market st . on and after Wednesday. Dec.
'VraTsfer books will close on Thursday. Dec
14. 18M at i o'daek p m
E H SHELDON. Secretary. |
_ riioi»osALs. !
U LEY ERSITr "° ' CALIFOR BERKE-
tne*n° l v" <° c ? nt ™ °™. builders and material
nil. . M°* U her « b >' Kiven to all concerned
triat sealed proposals or bids are solicited for
ti.e erection of an addition to the chemical
iat..,iatory building and an addition to the .
*J a " n °n gymnasium on the university grounds,
"•JMley. Cal.. and fi r Performing the labor
*na furnishing the materials necessary there-
' «? nd Rald w<j!l or proposal* will (••• received
*t the office of the Regents of the University ,
j in the Mark Hopkins Institute of Art, corner
of California and Mason sts.. San Francisco,
'"l at or before 1:30 o'clock p. m. on the
»6th day of December. ISM.
And notice is h« reby further given that the,
plans and specifications of said buildings have
been made and adopted and are placed In the
ofhee of Curlett & UcCmw. architects. 314 The
! Un butldtnir. San Francisco, where the same
may be seen and examined during each day
lrom 10 o'clock a. m. until 4 o'clock p. m..
from this date until the 26th day of Decem-
ber. iv?s.
No bids or proposals will be considered unless
1 the same are accompanied by a certified check
or a bond of said proposer In the sum of ten
<10) per cent of his proposal, with sufficient
sureties, conditioned that if said bid or pro-
posal shall he accepted the party proposing will
duly enter Into a proper contract to faithfully
perform the duty and obllcatlons In accordance
with eald proposal and plan and specifications,
which shall be and are hereby r*-quired to be
a part of such contract. The right to reject
any and all bids is hereby reserved.
This nutice is given pursuant to an act en-
titled "An act to amt-nd an act entitled an
act to create and organize the University of
California." approved March 25, IS6B. and an
act amf-m'.atory of pectlon 25 thereof, approved
March 2S. ■::. relating to the construction of
buildings, approved March 3. MIT.
By rrder <( the committee on grounds and
buildlnca of the Board of Regents.
Dated December 13. 1599.
E. A. DENICKK. Chairman.
W. A. McKOWEN. Acting Secretary.
BIDS wanted — Notice Is hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
©f Directors cf the Veterans' Home of Call-
fornia, at Its office, room 13, 320 Sansome St..
San Francisco, Cal.. up to 19:30 o'clock a. m
SATURDAY. Dectmber 23. 1893, and opened
Immediately thereafter In the presence of bid-
ders, for furnlfhlng and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home. : ajn Couaty. Cal. (railroad sta-
tion Yountvllle). for six months commencing
January 1. 1900. and ending June SO. 1900.
Schedules with Information and Instructions
for submitting bids will be furnlshe.l upon
application by the urdfrslsned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the. sched-
ules, and no Md will be considered unless It
Is In accordance with such schedules. Each
bidder must aroompnny his bM with a certi-
fied check upon some reil-knowa and re-
sponsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of the amount of his bid. payable to C.
Mason Klnne. treasurer, conditioned that the
bidder will enter Into a rood and valid con-
tract upon notice of acceptance as required
by law. Th.- brard reserves »he right to
reject any or all bids and to order any quan-
tity over cr under the amount specified.
Address J. J. BTOVILLE. Secretary Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Call-
fr.rnla. mom 12. Ml Sansome st . San Fran-
cisco. Cal. By order of the Board of Direc-
tors. J. J. smviLLE. Secretary.
PROPOSALS for M.lltary Supplies.— 36 New
M>.>ntfromery *t.. Pan Francisco. Cal.. December
11. 1*95. Sealed proposals In triplicate will be
received here until 11 o'clock a. m. December
21. 1599. and then opened, for furnishing Hats.
Woolen Drawers. Shoes. Petroleum, and Wrap-
pint Paper. Naphthaline. Hatchets and Hatchet
Helve». Preference will be given to articles of
domestic production and manufacture, condi-
tions cf price and quality belnit equal 'includ-
ing In the price of foroisn productions the duty
thereon), and such preference jrlven to articles
of American production and manufacture pro-
duced on the Pacific Const to the n tent of the
consumption required 1 v the public service
there. Tl,e United States reserves the right to
accept or reject any or all pmposr.ls or any part
thereof. Proposals for delivery at other points
will be entertained. Information and blank
rropo«nls furn!*he<i on application. Envelopes
will be Indorsed "Proposal* for Military Sap-
riles. No. 7M>2." and addressed CAPTAIN OS-
CAR F. LONG. Assistant Quartermaster. U. 8.
Army. Depot Quartermaster.
SAN FRANCISCO. ''p.! . December IS. IS99—
Scaled proposals. In triplicate, win b» re-
ceived here until 12 o'clock m.. January 11.
IVW. and then opened, for construction of an
ordnance storehouse at Fort Point. Cal. Gov-
ernment reserve* the right to reject or accept
any or all bids in whole or In part. Prefer-
ence given to articles of domestic production,
conditions of price and quality (Including In
th« price of foreign productions the duty
thereon) heln* equal, and such preference
riven to articles of Amerionn pnvluctlon pro-
duced on the Pacific CoaFt. to extent of con-
sumption required by the public service th«re.
Information furnished on nrnllcatlon to un-
derslcnefl. Envelope* oontslnlns: proposals
sh^ild be endorsed "Pronosals for Ptorehotme
at Fort Point. Cal." ntid mliressM by ] M.
MARPHAT-L. Deputy Quartermaster General
Chief Q. M.
LEGAL ADVEItTISKMFXTS.
IN the Superior Court of the rity and County
of San Frnnclsco. State of California.— ln the
matter of Occidental Beet Sucar Company, a
corporation, upon Its application for a Judg-
ment of dl»lM>lutloi».— Nutlre No. 70.4 K.
Notice l« hereby Klven that OCCIDENTAL
BEET SUGAR COMPANY, a corporation or-
ranlted an.l existing under and by virtue of
the laws sf the State of California, and hav-
ing Its office and place of business In the city
and county of San Francisco. State of Call-
fornln. ha« filed a verified application ad-
dressed to the Superior Court of the city and
county of San Francisco, State of California,
which application Is signed by a majority of
the Board of Directors, praying for a Judg*
ment cf dissolution of said corporation, and
that Friday. December 22d. 1599. at 10 o'clock
a m . at the courtroom of said court. De-
partment Number Two. in the City Hall of
the City and County of San Francisco, have
been appointed as the day. time and place for
the hearing of said application.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed the official seal of said Su-
I-erior Court, this 20th day of November. 1S»».
[Seal] WM. A. DEANE. Clerk.
By JOSEPH RIORDAN. Deputy Clerk.
Endorsed: Filed November 20. 1R99. WM.
A. DEANE. Clerk. By JOSEPH RIORDAN.
DepUtY riei-lr
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
G. W. G. Jackson and Lucille Dauterman. .27-18
Jam-* T. Mol^ees and Hannah T. E. Batto.3o-29
Georire E. Elston and Mary A. I>awrenoe... 22-19
Frank E. Frazier and Hannah Morse 34-23
John J. O'Connor and Annie M. Forbes 2J-29
Alfred T. H:.-fteM and Julia Ingnlls 27-24
" BIRTHS — MARRIAGES— DEATHST"
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Insert"! They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
suns authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
CORDRET— In this city. December 12. 1599. to
tUe wife of Grant Cordrey. a daughter.
MAHONEY— In this city. December 12. ISM. to
the wife of W. J. Mahoney, a daughter.
SCHIVO— In this city December 5. M. to the
wife of William Schlvo. a son.
WAUGAMAN— In this city. December «. 1599,
to the wife of Asa H. Waugaman. a son.
M^-™ »"— ™»— — — »—^—m — »r» r^ — i—^
MARRIED.
BODDEKER— KEATING— In this city. Decem-
ber 10. Il**,I 1 **, by the Rev. Robert Mackenzie
D.D., John B. Boddeker and Emma L. Keat-
ing.
MILLER— LANE— In this city. December 12.
IS3S. at Ft. Paul's Church, by the Rev W M
Rellly. Kuger .- O. Miller and Lillian G. Lane
of Salem. Mass.
PIXLEY-DERBRO-In Redwood City, Novem-
ber U. ISW. Will I. Plxley and Daisy C.
Derbro.
DIED.
Buckler. Stephen Kelly, Kitty
Carson. Rev. a. N. Kirchner, Henry O
Coen. Joseph M Mir! . Mrs. Dr
Collins. Timothy Mocoraki. Domlnlck
Dempaey. John ■ O'Connell-Nlcholson.
Doane. Jennie L. John
Dodge. Julia O' Sullivan. Mrs. M.
Dolan. Bridget Probst. Frederick
1 •!-.-» Ida 13. " Reynolds. George T.
Karton. Giles A. Schooler. Francis
Hacstrom. Anna L. Walthef, Phillip H.
Hoecker. John F. Wilson. Mary A.
Kane. Winifred
BUCKLEY— In this city. December 12, 18S9.
Stephen Buckley, a native of County Cork,
Ireland, aged 45 years.
CARSON— In this city, December IS. 1899, at
his residence. 121 Bartlett street. Rev. Alex-
ander Newton Carson, a native of Tennessee.
(7 Notice of funeral hereafter.
COEN— In Tucson. Ariz.. December 12. 1899
Joseph Coen. husband of the late Julia Coen.
and father of Ethel and Dorothy Coen. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 32 years 8 months
and 11 daya.
COLLINS— In this city. December U. IKS* Tim-
othy OoUlas. a native of Ireland, aged S2
years.
DKMPSEY— In South San Francisco. December
12. IMt, John Dempsey. beloved husband of
the late Susan I>emr*ey. and beloved father
of Thomas H. Dempsey, a native of County
Westmeath. Ireland, aged 87 years. (Boston
papers please copy.)
CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:13 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Gantner A Guntz Undertaking Com-
HENRY d. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors '-' Flannagan A Ga!l%?her)
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
» Fifth st.. opposite L ncjln scaool.
Telephone Bou-h M. , v- ; ,'
N. F. Dethlcfaen. Cbas. H. Jacob.
CHAS. rt. JACOB & CO..
Funeral Directors and - Embalmers. 214
Mason street, between Geary and O'Far-
rell streets. Telephone. Main 1213.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1899.
pany. S and 10 City Hall square, thence to All
Hallows" Church, corner N street and Six-
teenth avenue south. South San Francisco,
where a solemn requiem hUh mass will be,
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery-
DOANE-In Oakland. December IS, 1599. Jen-
nie Louise, beloved daughter of P. A. ana
Jennie C. Doane. aged 21 years 11 months and
16 days.
DODGE— this city. December 11. ISM. Julia,
infant daughter of Willis and Julia Dodge, a
native of San Francisco, aged 3 months and
70 days.
DOLAN— In this city. December 13. UM, at her
residence. 936 Church street. Bridget, be-
loved wife of James J. Dolan. formerly of
Hear Valley. Marlpota County, a native of
County Claire. Ireland.
(ETNotlce of funeral hereafter.
DREWES-In this city. December 12. 1?99, Ida
Ellse Drewes. beloved daughter of Claus and
Margaretha Drewes, and sinter of Willie.
Johnnie and Emll Drewes. a native of Ban
Francisco, aged 6 years and 3 months.
E7The funeral services will be held
this day (Thursday), at 1 o'clock, at the resi-
dence of the parents, I*3 Sixth street. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
EASTON— At his home in Berkeley. December
13. IW9. Giles Alexander Bast) n. rector
emeritus of St. Mark's parish, beloved hus-
band of Man' Esther KnFt^n. and
father of Mr?. Warren R. Porter. Klmball <; .
Berkeley. Stanly A. and Robert E. Easton, *
native of Western. Onelda County, New York,
aged 70 years 6 months and IS days.
C7Frfends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday.
December 1«. at 12 o'clock, from St. Mark >
Church. Berkeley. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by train leaving Third and Town-
send streets station at 3:30 o'clock.
A' ; STROM -In this city. December 11. IMt,
Anna L.. beloved wife of Gustav Hagstrom.
and mother of Ma M . Anna M. and Carl G.
Hag»tr<>m. a native of Finland, aged 38 years.
C^Frlenils and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
< Thursday), at ! o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, 4■:
Powell street, near Post. Interment Laurel
li. . < Vmrtery.
HOBCKKR In this city. December 11. I s *?.
John F. Ho^cker. beloved brother of Charles
H Hoackcr, a native of Gestemunde. Cer-
many. asel Is years 3 months and 21 days.
KTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
< Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
II 1' Pstexsen & Co.. 2C< McAllister street.
In:rrrr.ent Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
In this city. Winifred, dearly beloved
daughter of Martin and Annie Kane, and be-
slster of Patrick. John. Martin Jr.
William. Tlv mas. Annie and Margaret Kane
and Mrs. T,»rr«?r. a native of Connecticut,
aped 26 years 1 month and « days.
C PPttcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
<Thun«dayi. Nt I H '■ I ek, fr >m tlie residence
of her i arents. 14'">2 Chestnut street, thence
to M i hurch. where a f'^mn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the ■
cf hrr suil. commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
■ i iv Cross ( "*nit>«ery.
OFFICERS and members of I't.neer Ixwige. F.
of F. : You are requested to attend the fu-
neral of our late friend. Wlr.lfred Kane.
KELLY— In this city, December 12, ISW. Kitty
Kelly, dearly beloved daughter of Hanorah
and the late P. J. Kelly, a native of San
Francisco, aged 23 years S months and 10
days.
KIRCHNER-In this city. December 12. 1559.
Henry G. J. dearly beloved husband of
Minna Kirchner, and beloved father of M. R .
Ida L.. Henry O. Georce W. and J. XV.
Kirchner. a native of Hamburg. Germany,
aged '2 years 10 months and 12 days. A
member of Vereln Elntracht.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 134 Perry street, between Thirl and
Fourth, thence to Vereln Elntracht Hall. 237
Twelfth street, where funeral services will
be held at 2 o'clock. Interment Odd Fellows*
Cemetery.
MrMl'RDO— An annual solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated in St Agnes' Church,
corner Masonic avenue and Page street, on
Saturday. December 16, at 9 o'clock, for the
rej>ose of the soul of the late Mrs. Dr. John
R. McMurdo. Friends are respectfully In-
vited to attend.
MOCORAKI— In the City and County Hospital.
December 13. ist'9, Domlnlck Ifoooraki, a na-
tive !->f Italy, aged 70 years.
O'CONNELL-NICHOLSON -In Mendoclno.
«"al . Deceml*r 8. 18M, John, beloved son of
the late Mary Nicholson, a native of r*tam-
lnr^ Mass., aged 44 years S months and
14 days.
I.IVAN— A solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated this day (Thursday), at 9
o'clock, at St. Mary's Cathedral. Van Ness
avenue, for the repose of the soul of the late
Mrs. M. A. "' Sullivan.
PROPST— In the City and County Hospital.
December 13. 1599. Frederick Propst, a native
of Switzerland, ased ■ years.
REYNOLDS— In Ptege. Contra Costa County.
December 12. l<y.. Georce T.. beloved hus-
band of Sophy E. Reynolds, father of May
and John Reynolds, and son of the late John
Reynolds, a native of California, aged 40
years 7 months and 9 days.
t TVt\» nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2416 Howard street, thence to the
Church of St Charles Borromeo. corner of
Eighteenth and Shotwell streets, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SCHOOLER— In this city. December 12. ISS9
Francis Schooler, a native of Germany, aged
•6 years.
WALTHER— In this city, December 13, UN
Phillip H . beloved husband of the late Cece-
lia Walther. a native of Worms, Hessen-
Darmstadt. Germany, aged 64 years.
WILSON In this city, December 13. 1599. at
St. Luke's Hospital, between 4 and 5 o'clock
p. m.. Mary A. Wilson, a native of Harmds-
burg. Ky . aged 20 years. (Indianapolis. Chi-
cago and Louisville papers please copy )
Notice of funeral hereafter.
Eljtbortte Chrtstrrus Display
cßric-*-brjLC.c Bric-*-brjLC. Cjimeo Wire, 'Bisque
Wire. Smoke Sets, 'Bon Boris, Eouiilon
Sts.
COME JUST TO LOOK
QrtAt American Importing. Tc* Co*
CHINAWARE PALACES.
210-212 GRANT AYE.,
Bet. Sutter and Post Sts.
861 MARKET, opp. Powell.
Branoh Stores Everywhere.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
H Thayer. Hawaii R D Porter & w Cal
E J Fader &w, B C M French & W. Eureka
R White. Chic. C Preach, Eureka
F Fallen. S Dak Mrs Moody. Eureka
R T N- k- n ■:.. Wash R G Rlai>. Cal
C R Hriggß. Redding L White & w Cal
J H McGeoghegan.Cal O B Moore Lu's A ng
II Pierce. Sacramento 8 Elway Pa
M McCulloch. Ba.-to Mrs Thomas. Tmlpats
J H Wallbridze & w. Q Frentro. Oakland
Vri-lm I V Btsbee. Merrill
F V Bell. Tracy J C Moore Fresno
D H Wyckoff. WoodldjH LJeberman N V
• ; S Wllklns. Alameda S R Clark. Elmlra
E Whlpple. Decoto W p Smith. San Jose
G M Rock, Stockton Mrs J B Cobb S Joso
J Sailor. Oxnard Miss Cobb. San Jose
Miss Treat. St Paul L A McLaren. Sar;o
A X Bern. Boston C r Jeffrey & w Cal
0 O Guy. Seattle Dr C L Mecowan. Cal
G W Otterson. Seattle J Minor. Arcata
Mrs Williams. Reno J J Allard. Eureka
E J Mackay. Wlnnlpg J W Warde. Rossland
H Donkln. Victoria E RebMock. St Lou's
W H Athorn. Victoria Mrs C D Smith. Pac O
«i R Kennedy. Chlco Mis* Campton, ' Burka
W a Robertson. <>gdn W C Howard. Stocktn
Mrs Robertson. Ogden V C I>unnlng & «•
C A Stork. 8 Barbra Portland
S Phillips. Los Ang P H Smith, Chicago
J Spinney. Fresno C Francis * w Salinas
T Albln Fresno T Rose San Lorenzo
W A Hurpuch * w, Mrs, A Rose. S I>,rnzr.
Sandes Hill F Z Pirkey Colusa
W W Elliott. Los An* Miss J Ixngmlre Cal
F B Straven. Los Ane Miss Jo LongmJre Cal
Dr C C Rounds, Sains A Weilhoimer Fresno
T A Graham. Sn Jose Q T Parr The Dailes
J Swartz & w Cal H F Brown. T Dalles
Mrs Tryon. 8(a Rosa C, J Donaldson. Pal
J H Darrell & w. Cal Miss Dougherty Cal
1 1. Glynn & w. Cal G L Hoeptl, Auburn
S R Dougherty, Cal ;E E Canneld. Chlco
Mrs Maynard. NY E J Oilman Orovillo
H A Spencer & a. Callc W Lynde " Chicago
PALACE HOTEL.
Hl. Onborne. L. Ang Mrs Flint. San Juan
R Johnson. Juneau IB F Preston, Portola
J N Peyton. Spokane Mrs Preston. Portola
J O Shlhert. Oilcagu J L Weaver. Spokane
W B Hrlling»»-'»-<d. Or C J Hildeseimer N V
A X I.uenlng. Wls f- L'llman. New York
C Kchn. r><rtland P J Graham. N York
W M Graham. Hanfrd C D foram. N York
A W Maltbr. Concord J Ware. Richmond
Mrs Maltby. Concord D Malone. i>uk Knoll
T J H It. New York H M Hall. Paris
T Manefleld. NY Mrs F Mclaughlin
V Ii \\ llhamo on. Wash Santa Cruni
H O Frank. New York Mrs A Cole. 8 Jose
Mrs Frank. New York yi B Mlnero. L Ang
( P Shanklln. tTiicago^C E Moore. 8 Hara
W Hatch. Chicago \C P Bailey. Stanf. rd
I Flint Jr. Pan Juan |E P Williams. Ohio
J Elsendrath. Chgo ,O Klewans. Chicago
M RosenMum. Oi«;o 'E W ■ttrouss. Chicago
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
B Crist. San Joas TII Sullivan, Eureka
C King, Slsklyou E Purcell. Eureka
Smith, Modesto O Williams, R Blurt
, Snyder, Wash W Jones, Sacto
C Laws, Butte H B Rllven. San Jose
Benchlnal, Los Anc J D Parsons A w, L. A
Zerkel. Fresno W A Harrison U. fy,
Donohue, Towles Reed ley
Harrison. San Jose . Miss X Sengel. Uklah
S Vlnton, Mo C Boyle, Marysvllle
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(Copyright. 1599. by H. H. Egbert)
TANTORAN PARK, Wednesday, December 13. 1899.—Twenty
second day of the Winter Meeting of the Western Turf Association.
Weather fine. Track muddy.
J. J. BURKE-fresldlng Judge. J. F. CALDWELL- Starter.
■4 AH FIRST RACE-Flve furlongs; two-year-olds; purse. $100.
Index.
netting.
Index. Horse. Weight St. \m. 4m. \m. Str. Fin. | Jockeyt. Op. Cl.
438 Florldan llrt' s ... 34 2 8 11 14 Bullman '■ S-5 4-5
4:* Giro 113 2 ... 11 li 2 5 !2 T. Burns ,5-2 3-1
4.0 Antoinetta 115 3 ... 35 SI 4 Sh Helnson *0 l*>
404 Allenn* U»l 1 ... 41 41 |n 4 5 J. Martin 6 IS
... Tuthlll MM 6 ... SH 5 2 6S 612 Vlttltoe W 15
424 Tanoka. 100 4 ... 6 6 65 6! 62 Fauntleroy ... 15 40
450 Bohardlne MM I ... g g 7 4 7 1 Henry 150 3*«
i<i» Juletto llQi 7 ... 7S 7 1 8 I IE. Row I j
Time— H. :24%; %. :374; •». 1:034- Winner. B. Sehrelber's br. g. by Imp. Bt. George-
Palm*tto. Good start. Won easily. Second easily. Third drtvlng.
Floridan is a very bnd actor. Giro stopr*d. Allenna should have been third.
■4fll 6ECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse. $400.
Hors».
.Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. 4m. Km. Str. Fin. [ Jockeys. |Op. Cl.
4m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
I
Jockeys.
.Betting.
JOp. Cl.
3C Magnus. 4 104J 5 ... 52 21 14 lh Bullman I 10
4.3 Monda. S 96, 3 ... Sh 12 22 24 Henry 4 4
425 Yaruba. 3 105: 4 ... 21 Sh 34 S4T Bums «-5 3-3
421 O'Connor,! 90, I ... in i! 4 1 4h Ph*lan 10 13-2
443 Romany. 3 80 8 ... g 7 3 6 5 15 (Ranch • 10
arl.. a 9516 ... 7 2 6 5 5 4 610 T. \Vat*h 5 7
m Mainstay, a 103 2 ... 4 3 4h 7 10 7 12 IE. Rons 7 10
* ■ i . Chance, 3.. H 7 ... 6 1 - I S Hertlng j
Tlm< . ■ ♦ I ' . »«. 1:17»4. Winner. Vetter A Crowes b. g. by Three Cheers-
Etta W. Good start. Won first three driving
Magnus best r;<!'W-n. H.-nry un Monda lost race by drawing his whip. O'Connor Is of
little account. Rlcardo awuy poorly. Mainstay won't do.
Af*Cy THIRD RACE— mile and an eighth; hurdles; selling; three-year-olds and up-
■'rVJ — • ward; purse. $400. ,
~~ ~1 j I Bettlnc.
Ir. !ex Horse. Age. Weight. ; St. Km. 4m. %m. Str. Fin. ■ Jockeys. Op. CL
(445) Granger. « 154,2 8 2 45 23 22 14 ;Olover 6-5 4-5
44 M -nlta, a 12f. j 41 34 11 lh 23 'i^enhart < 9
4i;. Major S. < 130 1 2 2 lh 3 4 3 5 310 .F. Coady 4-5 »-5
44.". JO<\ a 13C< I lh 2h 43 6 43 lHanna 20 40
416 Fl Fl. a 137 6 62 61 51 61 62 McKenna .... 10 15
■a Colorado, a. ...125 4 < 6 6 4_l « 'Evans 20 H
Time t*lt\si Winner. J. R. Thomas' eh. g. by Oregon-Superba. Good start. Won first
three driving.
<; ranger be«t ridden. Major S could have done better. Monlta poorly handled.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight St.
\im.
4m.
\m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
i B«ttlng.
"l • ••
a /}O FOURTH RACE— One mile and a sixteenth; Belling; three-year-olds and upward;
Betting.
Index. Hor?e Age. Weight. St. 4m. Ptr. Fin. f Jockeys. Op. Cl.
444 Daisy F. 4 100 1 1 42 34 14 14 II 'Vlttltoe 7-10 3-5
.44 • I^na. 5 V> 3 11 11 23 15 22 J. Martin « S
4i OwyhM. 3 &6 « 71 71 75 31 3 5 jHelnson 5 7
4- Coda, a 9i i 63 64 62 4h 43 iß&nch S IS
440 RaplJ<>. a V*: 21 2h 31 64 62 Stuart 25 60
4"« Tim. 3 HI Sh 61 64 72 61 |J. Walsh 20 30
tH Ringmaster. 8 N I 3 1 4 3 4 2 6 1 7 1 Henry 8 12
< vert, 4 M < 8 _8 8 8 8 [Postel 8 U
Tin t : 3-16. :21\: I-M, :C'j'i; 13-16. 1254; m. 1:45; 1 l-16m. I:SJ. Winner. J.
Carroll'!! eh. f. by R!.- " Good start. Won handily. Second and third driving.
Daisy was kept busy. I iwyhee away i»oorly, came frvm away back. Ringmaster Is
tired at h't T-ni Calv««rt ?<ulke.l.
Scratched- I>-fianc e Cyril 96. Dare II 96.
4f* A FIFTH RACE— On« mile; two-year-olde; Tanforan stakes; value. $1200.
— — _. __ _______
| letting.
Index. How. Weight. St. Urn. Hm. %m. Btr. Fin. Jockeys. Op. • CI.
427 Advance Guard ....11014 7 7 6H 24 1 1 Spencer «-5 4
(CO) Hindoo I'rinc*ss.... X 1 «4 (h SI lh 2 n T. Walsh S II
447 WaUenatetn 101 3 3n 6h. 4h 3h 32 vtttlt<.e I 9-5
143 Sunello .... 95 7 14 2V4 IVi 41 44 Ranch 6 <
409 BoftU Hill lot r. 41 34 2h 53 51 Butlman 6 7
4"6 Jolly Rrlton 92 3 6h 4h 7 7 «1 iFauntieroy ... 12 30
2<S Llnifrlrk 104 t 211^ th 6 b 7 Henry « 5
Time— U. :S«V H. :52*;; »i, 1:19; mile. 1:46%. Winner. Carruthers & Shields' eh. c. by
Imp. Grrat Tom-N>llle Van. Good start. Won flirt three driving. *
Advance Guard, cut oft on back stretch, got through owing to the cleverness of Spencer.
Wa!l»nFtoin had a rough trip, being out off on three occasions. Sunello hustled too much.
Limerick blew up.
.4 (IX SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; pun*, $400.
I Betting.
In.Vx. Horse. Age Weight St. Mm. 4m. \m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
barls. 4 tefi ... SI 3 2 lh 114 T. Walsh S U
420 X!.< Chlco. 3 101 1 ... 2 3 2 4 2 4 2i, Vlttito* 5 6
457 Mi- >' 4 1" : I ••• 4 4 4 5 410 3 1 J. Walsh S-2 2
... Montgomery. 6 1"7 2 ... 12 11 3 1 420 Th. ir[ .- 1
I*- Rice. ■ I'M 4 ... 5 4 6 5 1 6 2 E. Rosa 5 30
»47 M ntallad • X < 6 5 < 6 • .. JJL^ 8 30
ht. 1:1«\. Winner. Dr. H. E. Rowell's b. g. by Morello- Deception.
Good Ftart W( n first three driving.
Cbtoo away flying. Track suited winner. Walsh could not do Marcato Justice. Mont-
gomery' quit.
Hcrat«hed— Swpt William 96. Don Quixote 104.
Racing Continued From Page Eight.
furlong sprint. Ruling an even-monry
chance throughout tho hettlnp the fast
sprinter led to the stretch, where he
"!. low up." In a drive little T. Walsh on
Bybarla, a 12 to 1 .«hot. not the rank out
sidei over th<» platfl Brat, more than a
1 ahead of Rio Chico. Marcato was
third.
To-Day's Entries.
Following: are the entries for this after
noon's running events:
First nice— Five furlongs; two-year-olds;
maidens.
412 Burdock 115 430 J. V. Hayes ....IIS
4*. Slsquoc 115] 4"» Klla Pu Poy ..lli
400 Upper Crust ....lib 44 Billy Moore ...Ali
424 S Dannebaum..lls 442 Norford US
424 St. Agnes 1151 4»S March Seven ...115
Second race— Six furlongs; selling; three-year
olds and up.
4f.S Esplrando 10i| 3"3 Genua M
431 Uncle True IM 425 M! Ferguson ..105
Ramlet 10,V(4J7)Ama*a 107
431 Maxello 104 456 St. Apolllnarls.. 9»
4 iO Grand Sachem. .I'M j 4"..1 Rosalbra 10]
(419)Oood Hope .... 99 «1 Yaruba M
461 Rlcardo 1041 (461 > Magnus 104
Third rare— One and a sixteenth miles; sell-
Ing; thre^-year-cMs and up.
44 Glengaber M <!S Judge Woftord.. 95
425 Einstein 104 ... Tappan 1W
4r* Dare II 1':1 ' : * "■ Meadowthorpe ..110
*•- Imperious 104 444 Grady 107
«<: Montanus ... 101. 415 Merry Boy • 104
(449)Esplonage 101 446 Jennie Reid .... ?-■
Fourth race— furlongs; three-year-olds;
purse.
446 Scnora Caesar... lo9 4^3 Ventoro 10}
434 Hard Knot 107 407 Ballsta 104
461 Bloom. Chance. .lo4 443 Zurich 104
Fifth race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward, filing.
4*5 Earl Islington. ..los 447 Sweet William. .lo4
(JCMSallle Goodwin. .lC7 Ml Tom Cromwell. .lo7
itMiCvrll 107 44(! Silver Tone 103
443)Raclvan MS 465 Mike Rice 107
465 Rio Chlco
Sixth race— One mile; handicap; all ages.
451 Naparoax 115; (44fi)Zoroaster 114
447 Hohenrollern ...105] 441 Dunblane W
458 Mamie O « 1 MlS) Wyoming 106
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Norford. J. V. Hayes. Slsquoe.
Second race— Maxello, Good Hope. Genus.
Third Jennie Reid. Espionage. Meadow
thorpe.
Fourth race— Hard Knot. Ventoro. Ballet*.
Fifth race— Silver Tone, Sweet Wil
liam.
Sixth 7V>roaster. Dunblane. Napamax.
FIVE MORE SYMPHONY
CONCERTS NEXT YEAR
TALK OF COMBINING THE TWO
ORGANIZATIONS.
Henry Holmes Chosen as Permanent
Leader of the San Francisco
Symphony Orchestra.
The symphony question has at last been
definitely settled. The new society, under
whone auspices the trial symphony was
given, met on Monday evenln* and de
cfctod to Rive a series of flve concerts, to
begin on January IS. under the direction
of Henry Holme.". So far it Is not yt't
decided where these concerts will take
place, but It will be announced some time
nrxt week. '*P to the time the new
society agreed upon a course of flve con
certs It wax reported that the old society
had the Intention to enKagc Mr. Holmes,
but as matters now stand this plan be
comes useless. The next move will be to
unite the two societies. It is the intention
of the board of directors of the new
society to Invite the old subscribers to
attencl a mass-meeting and proceed to
unite in one large body. This is the story
of this new organization. But some mem
bi ; s of the old board of directors who
have been asked state that It was not
their intention to encage Mr. Holmes, as.
according to their opinion, he is not satis
factory- and that they are still waiting
for a conductor who would make a worthy
follower to Fritz Pcheel. However, the
main point is that there will be more sym
phony concerts, which speaks well for'the
musical taste In this city.
Prince Poniatowski the Fourth.
The third son of Prince and Princess
Poniatowski made his debut on life's
stage last evening:, and the event afforded
pleasure In the household of his parents
and kin. The country residence of the
Prlnc Is EurllnKame, but the younjrster
had tho metropolitan taste to be born In
San Frnnci.sco. The text used to be
quoted by the old families of New Eng
land "that one must be born again to be
M.Yed unless born In Boston." In this era
of expansion San Francisco may be in
cluded In the exception. The event In the
Prince's family took place at the city resi
dence of Mr. and Mrs. \V. H. Crocker.
Builders' Contracts.
Henry Kahn and Thomas Mage 4 Jr. (owners)
with W. W. Anderson 'contractor), architects
Percy A Hamilton— Carpenter, mill, etalr and
hardwood work, glass, glazing, alterations, to
existing Iron work and Iron work. etc.. to com
plete first story and bajement of a 2-»tory brick
hull. ling on SE corner of Ellis and Glasgow
streets. E 100. S 83. W 20. S 2L W 80, N 110;
$3100.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued From Page Ten.
SPOKEN.
Dec 11. off Santa Barbara, by stmr Qeo Loo
mls—Ger stmr Tunis, from Hamburg, etc, for
San Francisco.
Per stmr Queen— Dec 11. lat 48 1« N. lon 124 44
W. Dr ship Cralgroore, from Coqulmbo, for
Oregon.
Per Woollahra, at Eureka— Dec 11. lat 40 28
N, lon 120 43 W. City of of San Diego; all well.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
NEWPORT (R)— Sailed Dec 13-Ftmr South
oCaat. for San Francisco.
PORT TOWN SEND— Arrived Deo 13— Ship
Great Admiral, from Honolulu.
Passed up Dec 12— Br etmr Glenofle. hence
Dec 9, for Tacoma.
Sailed Inward Dec 12— Ship John A Brig**.
Sailed outward Dec 12— Br bark Kate F Troop,
from I la.' tings Mill, for Wilmington. Del; bktn
Katie Fllcklnger, from Port Hadlock, for San
Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Dec Stmr Co
qullle River, hence Dec 9.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived Dec 13— Schr Se
quoia, from San Diego.
Sailed Dec 13— Bktn Katie Flicklnger. for San
Francisco.
VENTURA— Arrived Dec Stmr Oeo Loo
mls, hence Dec 12; rtmr Grace Dollar, from
Santa Barbara; schr Fanny Dutard. from Port
Blukeley.
RE DON DO— De« IS— Stmr Bruns
wick, hence Dec 11.
COQUILLE RIVER— Dec I>— Schr
Conflanza. hence Nov 23.
Sailed Dec 13— Schr Joseph and Henry, for
San Francisco.
EUREKA— SaiIed Dec 13— Stmr Westport. for
San Francisco: echr Mary Buhne, for San
Francisco; schr J O Wall, for Pan Francisco.
Arrived Dec 13— Br bark Woollahra. from
Honolulu.
COOS BAT— Bar bound Dec 13 — Stmrs Arca
ta. Alice Blanehard. Empire and Homer.
PORT HARFORD— Arrived Dec 13— Stmr Al
cazar, from .
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Deo 12— Schr J A
Campbell, from Taeoma.
Sailed Dec IS — Stmr Navarre, for Bowena
Landing.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Dec IS— H B M itnn
Pheasant and Icanus, from .
ASTORlA— Arrived Dec 13— Br ship Edenbal-
Ivmore. from Panama: Br ship Cralgmor*. from
Coqulmbo.
Sailed Dec Schr W F Jewett, for San
Francisco. • - -> ;
ASTORlA— Arrived Dec 13— Br ship St Enoch,
from Panama; Ger ship Alsterkamp, from Cal
dera.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Dec 13-Schr Hal
cyon, from San Pedro; schr Webfoot, hence
Dec 3.
Sailed Dec IS— Pchr Roy Somers, for San
Francisco; stmr Newsboy, for San Francisco;
■chr John F Miller, for San Francisco; schr
C A Thayer, for Suva.
FORT BRAOG-Arrlved Dec 13— Stmr Noyo.
hence Dec 12.
ALBlON— Sailed Dec IS— Stmr TUlamook. for
San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Dee Ship John
A Brlggs. from Port Townsend.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SANTA ROSALlA— Arrived Dec I— Ship Ber
vla. hMic* Nov 18.
MANILA— Railed Dec U— Br itmr Manauense.
f>">r San FranciHcn. via NafasaJil.
NANAIMO— PaIIed Dec »— Bark Edward May.
for Honolulu.
RiiYAL ROADS— Arrived Dec »— ltal bark
Altcar. from Callao.
CALCUTTA— In port Nov t— Br ehlp Euphro
gyne. for San Francisco; Br bark Orion, for — .
SYDNEY- Arrived prior to Dec ll— Ship John
C Potter, from Port Townsend.
Ml ■NTEVinEO-Pailed Dec 18— Haw »chr
Americana, for Sim FYaryHeo. via Iqulque.
OCEAN STEAMKRS
HONGKONG — Arrived previous to Dec IS—
Ptmr <^hlna, from Pan Francisco.
AMSTERDAM— Arrived Dec 12— 8tmr W«r
kendam. from New York.
NEW YORK- Sailed Dec «-Btmr Oceanic,
for Liverpool: mmr St Louis, for Southampton:
stmr Tanul. for Glasgow: stmr Fiiesland. for
Antwerp.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Dec 13— Stmr St
Paul, from New York; stmr Alter, from New
York.
ART STUDENTS' CONCERT.
British and American Embassadors
at Paris Attend.
PARIS. Doc. 13.— General Horace Por
ter, United StatPii Emhasnadnr. and Sir
tdmund J. Munsnn. the British F.mbaa
sador. with the staffs of the two rmbax
ele*. and most of the members of the
American colony were present this even
nw#fts< "H— r — — — -T^fc tnt klr
1 1 The Sunday Call's | j
\ GREAT CHRISTMAS \ \
\ \ ISSUE.... a:
| | Out December 17. jj :
lAN INNOVATION IN \\
CHARACTER AND QUALITY. iti
Note the Great Features : jji|J
KITCH ELL'S MARVELOUS MADONNA. * ;
3 A composite photograph of the famous beauty types :
1 of the Madonna. The most strikingly beautiful pic-
! ture of the age. !
I MY FIRST LIE AND HOW I GOT OUT OF IT, by :
j Mark Twain. ■
; THE LEAGUE OF TEN. by Madge Morris Wagner. i
!A FAITHFUL SERVANT, by Ouida. \
i THE KISS OF NINITO DIOS, by Hester M. Stowe |
« FOUND IN THE SNOW, by Mary E. Willons. 4
A CHRISTMAS IN CALIFORNIA BEFORE THE GRINGOS A
nil CAME, by Major Jose Ramon Pico. jh
W THE RECORD OF MY "WANDER-YEAR," by Father t
w Yorke. '
CHRISTMAS OF THE VET- THE FUGITIVE S CHRIST-
ERANS. MAS.
CHRISTMAS AT THE FAR- STORY OF A HAUNTED
ALLONES. HOUSE.
THE COUNTRY CHOIR. CHRISTMAS AT MANILA
CHILDREN'S GAMES FOR CHRISTMAS.
Neither expense nor time has been spared, and
-<> the Sunday Call. December 17. will be the A>
j£s^^^ njost artistic and Interesting Christ- $£>"?"♦
luß^. mas Issue In America. i^ r r^i.
«s ;'. ' .-i^
RAILROAD TRAVEL. .
CHICAGO
IN 3 DAYS
. . * VIA . . .
Chicago, Union Pacific
. . . AND . . .
Northwestern Line
l>iry Day in tat T«tr frim 8m TranetMt
AT 8:30 A. M.
Buffet, Sacking in! Libr.ry Cart, with
karbtr.
Diabli Draw. of -room SUeping Cars.
Dining Can— m**li a la earn.
Breakfast in Diner on Leaving Oaklaaa P.tr
Dally Through Tsoriit Car U Chieag* Without
Chang* at 0:30 F. M.
It. If. RITCHIE,
2 New Xtntgtmerr St. Son Aft. Pt«l9t Cout
Paltct Hotel. BAN FRANCISCO.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN IT. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbaroo Perry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL. •
WEEK DAYS— 7:BO. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: 11:15,
30. 5:10. 630 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at ISO ,
and 11:10 p. m.
6LNDATB-»:0t. »:M. U:0» a. m. : \M. 1:36.
6:00. «20 d. m
BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 7:50. » 20. 11:10 a. m. ; II: 41, '
l:*0. 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips at <
1.54 and 6:53 p. m.
BUNDAYB-«:18. »:«0. U:10 a. m.; 1:40. 1:40. s.os. I
6:2S d. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetien Park
tamo-cchedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco. I
October IS. |
Week Sun- 1*99. Sun- Week ,
Days. days. Destination days. Day*. >
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:10 pm »30 am Petal ma. (05 pm 10:15 am
6:10 pm i:oopm Santa Rosa. 7:15 pm 6:22 pm ;
Fulton.
7JO am Windsor. lOKaxn ;
Uealdsburs;.
Lytton.
Oeyservtlle.
1:10 pm 1:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
140 am Ho plan and
8:00 am Uklah. 7:15 pm 6:23 pa
7:20 am 19:25 am
8:00 am GuernaTllla. 7:38 pm
3:30 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
1:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 3:05 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Eebast^pol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:20 pm 5:00 pm 7:38 pm 6:22 pm
Stages connect «t Santa Rosa for Mark Weal i
Springs and White Sulphur Spring*; at Lytton '
for Lytton Spring*: at Geyservtll* for Skaggs i
Spring*: at Clcverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Spring*. Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Spring*. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake, Porno.
Potter Valley, John Day*. Riverside. Llerley's,
Bucknell's. Sanhediin Heights. Hullvllle. Orrs
Hot Spring*. Mendoclno City. Fort Brags;.
We*tport. Usal. Willltts. Laytonvtlle. Cum-
mlng s. Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen *, Dyer.
Bcctla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round trio tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. (50 Market St.. Chronicle bids.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
IORfH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD-
Via 'iimilii rim
Commencing October 1. 1399.
TOOM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VAIA.BT
' AND BAN RAFAEL ~— »
WEEK DATS— •»:«). 11:00 a. m.: *|.«*
•3:40, 6:15. 00. 6:30 p. m. !
EXTRA TRIPB-For Mill Valley and San Ra-
fael, on Monday*. Wednesdays and Saturdays.
at 1:00 and 11:30 p. m. *^
SUN DATS— •B:OO. *10:00. »11: M a. m. • nil ,
1:16. «4:45. 6:30. >:00 p. m -.*?
Train* marked <*) run to San Qqentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCIBCO
WEEK DATS-*:25, ••:». 7:45. •»:« am :
•12:30. 15, t4t>. *S:U p. m. '
. EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. •S:©©. •10:00, »11:45 a. m.-
•1:40. »3:15. 4:45. HSO p. m. *
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO BAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:45, 7:65. 9:4* a. m :
12:35, 2:35. 3 46. 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday* and
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 a. m.; 12:05. 2:15. 3 Ml
6:00, 6:45 p. m '^ j
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadaro and way stations '
3:40 p. m. Saturday*— and -'ay stations. I
8:00 a. m. Sundays— and way stations.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625*nEABJrTWT. E>Ubll«bed I
mm IM * forthetrentment<f Private
m niseasea, Lost Manh<-.<l. I>eblltty or
dlM>aser;earlngoii bodyand mind and
■ .Skin Dls*ues. T rb«doctnrcurowh*n
■ ' th'-tsfall. Try him. t'iurrMlnw
■ *_»r*"jrai»r»sne»e»el. Callorwrlta.
Dr. J. ». oIBBO.V Bats l»S7,Sau Vranclaca
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
fn«r at the sixth annual concert given by
the American Art Association at the Fo
lies Mariirny. In the Champs Elysee. Th*»
concert was organized and Riven by
young American art students and took
the form of a negro minstrel entertain
ment. The stage was decorated with the
stars and stripes. The principal boxes
were occupied by the two Embassadnrs
and their families. The affair, which was
very successful, yielded t'Jo for the fund
of the association.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
■OVTIBKBM rAnrniMoaPA.IT.
ir*. in- stmtbm.)
Train* ■••«•> ■••..« $trtt «l«a> I* arrln ■>*
• HAH llllMlMti.
(Main Una. root of Market Strt«i.)
UUTB — From sotkmbui IS, ISBt. — «rbjtb
•7«OOa Brsjicia. 6nl*isn *d<l Saeramentn.... *7:«.1p
Vica»'.U.> and Run.*-T.... *7:43r
•7iOOa Shut* Exprna-DaTts. Wlliowa.
Re.l BluJt Portland *7i63r
•7 130 * Martinex, Mao Ramon. Vallejo. Maps*
<'ali«trraan<l Santa Roaa 1:1
•SiSOa The Overlaid U i Ited-Ogdso. Das-
ver. Omaha. Chlrago *Siiaf>
aaisa)a San Juer, LlTtrmore, Htoektna,
lone. Haeran.-nuj. Plaeerfllla,
>Ua««Ule. Chlco. KrlllluiT *4ilflp
•«:»•» •MUton.OaliiUleaa'l H0n0r*.. ..... r lil3p
•01004 UaTwartt*. Niks and Way bUUona. # l lil3a
• 0:OOa A-laiitl l.<iir«aa-4>gdan and East *«i43a
•»:««» Martinez, Tt\ct. LalUrop. blocktoo.
I red and freano •l*>iap
••■••» PortOoaaa. Vraano. Mojava and \*m
Adc*lc« ••i«r
• IO:«Ot Vail ).i) .i MA.**.lne* and Way HUtkma *• »">r
•lIiUOa Hsywarla. Mice ami Way Stations. 'tiUf
•IStOOM Niira, Lliermore, Htoekton. Haera-
mento. Mend^U. Ilaufurd. Vlaalba,
PortenlUe »6il3p
iliOOp P»cT*m<-nl4. I'.l.rr S''iin»r« »*:••*
•3>OU r liayvaxda. Mies and Way tSUtloe*. *3i I3r
•4i»or Martloe*. Hau lUiuou. Vallejo.
Maps, t,'aH*t»gn. Sauta Roaa ••il3»
•4iO«p B^Dicia, Taaatllla, bacraiuonto,
W0.,.11an.1. Kntebl* LatMtias,
MarriTlll^. nro?ill* 'I«i4S«
•4ino P Nile*. Han Joieaadblnckton •?>ISl>
•S;(H>pTb« Owl Limited— Traey. flaw a,
Dakenfleld. haugua fur faint* Bar-
bara. Los Ad.'i lea. tiMi
•SiSOp Stocktoo. Mrrce-1. FtaSBM *!Xil3r
•3i3vp Kr-uo, ttairriiirM. HanU lUil ara.
Loa Angeles. Iteming Xl 1 *•&
New Orleans and East ••> « 3 «
•3i3»r NauU Fa r.onl«— AlUulla Eipcasa
for MnlaTo and lUil *Bit.lp
•«:OOr narwaxds. Mica and -San Juto 'Mil
ISttlUr V Jle]<i •IHilllr
••■sot- Oriental Mill— O;!en awl Kact *9iAOr
tTiO«p Valic-K fort Cuau ai.d Way ttta-
tfcma !!•»!
•BtO3r Oregon and Calif la Ki reaa.Maa.
ratneuto, >l\rjnll>. R*<l>llnr.
r«irtl»n.l. rniM H.,m,,l »■ I >^»> ItiB»4
COAST I»ITIMO>( (.Narrow «.aa^fi.
(Foot f.l Market Struct 1
««iia* Newark. i Vntertillr. Han
D<mMerCrr«k.H»nUCnuand Way
Button* •»!»•»
ttilSp Newark CeoterTllle, Ban Jc*e, !few
Alma Jen, K.lt. o. Itoulder C'r^k,
Santa (.'nu and I'rloclpal Way
BUUOO* ♦la:/»« 4
•4itHr Newark. Han Joe*. Los Gates. **H«a
Illil3p Hunters' Excursion. t)*u Juaa and I
t WayßUtloos . t7&*T
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtaSH fallClJC3— f««t sj Itrkit Strut (Sljj 8) —
•718 9.00 lluu.M. tI:C3 »JM 1131
•ICJ !!::3 •B::jr.ii.
rri3)oaUs3— f«t •rSnilaiT.— "(SCO 8.00 13C0».«.
113:03 •!.:: 1353 43:34 3:3 uca 'S^r.st.
COAST MfMMN (nrotiiriaag*).
(Thirl mid Town'enU HU)
twil«« Oe«aii View. Sootb Ban fraociaroT! ♦••»♦»
•7iOo» Haii J«m« am) Way Hutl. ... (New
Almadeu Wrdneedaj* otilj) a 3i3)«r
•ti«4» Hail Joae. Tie* I'lnoa. »*•• U Cms,
rarino (irote. Pa*o Kubiea. Ha*
I. nil OliUpo. Hnrf. Lompoe and
l'rluel|>*l Way BUlkxM *4iIO»
•!•■«•< Ban Joaeaa.l Way HUtlmia Hitll
•lIiSVa ban Jom an. l Way Illllm *»<S«r
I3r Han Matro. K«dwoo.l. Mculu Park.
Talo Alto. KaiitaCiara. Man .l.«a.
Iras Finos, ftai.ta ft it Balls as,
Monterey an I I'aelfle Gr0T*...... IB*iM4
Ria*p Joae and Way Station* *7iBop
• 3»r Han Joaaan.l Principal Way •». 13*
43:<iopftanJoe«aad Principal Stations ♦••♦•a
•■i:S«r Ban anJ Principal Wayßtatkna *HsS3«.
•tt::i«r San Jose aad Way Stallone ?■:•<»*.
A lt43p Ban Jceeand Way Htatloo* *7i*Or
A for Sornlng for Af teroooa. ""
• Dally. t Humta* *iee«ted. 1 Sunday only.,
6 Saturday on!y.
CALIFORNIA LIMITED
S a nta Fe Route.
The fastest train, running over the b-« rail-
road, with th« highest claa* aeeommodavtlona.
Connecting train leaves Ban Francisco a*
1:00 p. m.
MOHOAT. WEDNESDAY. F&IDAT. lAT7JIDAT.
Arriving In Chlea«9 at 111 p. m
FRIDAY, BUM DAT. TCIS3AT. WIDRIiOAT.
OVERLAND EXPRESS
Every day In the year. Pullman Palace and
Upholstered Tourist Cars tear* Oakland Molt
for Denver. Kansas City. Chicago and the Bast
6:30 p. m.
VALLEY ROAD
Between Stockton. Fresno. Hanford Vlsalta.
Tu'.ara and Bakersfleld. furnisbeo good local
train aarric*.
San Francisco offlca. 63 Market St.. telephone.
Main 153 L
Oakland orflc«. lilt Broadway.
Sacramento ofn<-e, 201 J street.
San Jose office. 7 West Santa C!ara street.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS NMC RAILWAY
Lrav« San Francisco via Sausallto Ftrry.
Week Days— 9:24 a. m. and l M p. m.
Sundays. .B:oo, 10:00 a. m and 1:11 p. m.
Steam-heated, closed car on all trains
Fare.. San Francisco to Summit and lUtßro.
U 19.
1314
BABY REED'S MOTHER
IS PRAYING FOR DEATH
Preferred Child's Disinheritance
Rather Than Exposure.
Little Heiress Christened in Accordanc
With the Father's Wishes and Has
the Vidals for Godparents,
OUT In n modest little flat en Bn
rhar.an strett. 11l In health and
broken In spirit, stacKering under
the crashing burden of the txpo-
Kure of her youthful folly and
FhazneJ the mother of Elvira Alice Reed
!d praying for death. If she had been
consulted, this woman, who knows what
privation iuid poverty mean, would
ha\e begged the Martn County capitalist
to disinherit their child rather than let
tl.r ■ !..-m. f4ri i-e<?ret-of -JfeF-44«-h h* -k»ewH
to the world.
"I want to die." she moaned ngaln ar.d
nsain, yesterday. '"I am praying for
d.-ath. My child, too, whom I love so
deeply Vand tenderly— l would" rather
mourn her dead than have her face tt^e
fhame of ilijs awful exposure. If 1 had
h.ti>od besidf Heed when he was about to
n sm that will that makes our little daugh
ter rich iuid Independent 1 would have
matched th« pen from his hand. 'Don't
*lo It," 1 would have implored him. 'I'll
york for her, only don t let the world
know that they may cast a stone at her."
Mrs. Wood, the unhappy mother of the
late Marln County capitalist's little
daughur. If a frail little woman, pale and
Jiup^ard, showing plainly the btruggle cx
!>:<■:.re during the j-att tew years has
im-ant for h< r. Her Kurroundings are
Fhabby. Her clothe* lire shabby. Her
fare Is more deeply lined than her thirty
two years warrant. Her hands show she
knows what toll m<*ar.s. and there Is that
Indefinable something about her that Uts
lier Ftatemcnt, "We have known what t>ri
vfction means," go unchallenged. The
Story 1 of her liaison with Heed and subse
quent birth of the child, who tigurcs so
prominently In the capitalist's will, was
t<»U v«st«rrtay for the llrst time by the
heartbroken woman. The recital was a
»imple ot»c Only once did the unfortu
nate mother attempt to mak» her fault
les« conepicuoub. "1 loved him," she
raid, "and li« promised, as soon as It
vould be possible, to make the one and
«-iily reparation a man can make in such
v. inf«."
Mrs. Wood's siory of her love and sub
h<-quent downfall dated back to many
year* ago, when at the nge of 11 she first
« ntered the homo of Heed's sister. "I
pew up with Ileed continually about me."
the- Kald. "He was kind and good to me
t>iid later attentive. I learned to lov« htm
und I knew my lov« was returned. Six
month* previous to the birth of our child
I left Mr. Heed's ulster's home. She never
said that klh« knew of the relations that
••xisted l»etween her brother and myself,
but I have reason to believe that she as
pect ed us."
"on the 22d of December, is:< 3. our little
daughter was born. After I left the home
of my childhood the relationship between
Reed and myse-lf ceased. He came con
tinually, though, to s<-e the child. She
knr w him as lur father and loved him.
mid he loved her. He provided for her
wants; but the allowance he made was a
snail one. and It was with difficulty that
we mruißged to subclst on It. At Heed's
roijuefet. our little girl was christened
Elvira Alice K<<ed. Justo Vldal. who is
named us th« executor of Heed's ■Mil. Is
lier godfather, and Mrs. Vldal Is her god
tnnther.
"< »n the Ist nf July. HOC." Mrs. Wood
continued. "I was married to J. C. "Wood.
I confessed to him the story of little
Vera's birth. H« was kind to tho child
and cften took her out with him. When
the was finally old enough to attend pub
lic srhu.il she was enrolled as Klvira Alice
Wood. During my married life with Wood
BONDS ARE NECESSARY
TO COMMERCIAL LIFE
INDORSED AT BANQUET OF
MERCHANTS' CLUB.
■
■
■
■ ■
• 1 his toast
• dthe
• ■
■
• th«>"law
•.t the
■
f :m
many
■
Mr. de
■ ■
it l« on«
(fen nee of non
AUCTION
EXTRA OR DIN A R V!
THE OPPOraIFTHE CENTURY!
KING, MOSS & COMPANY,
<33Q MARKET STREET
(PALACE HOTEL BLOCK),
Wifh to announce to thflr customers and the general public that owing to th©
EXPIRING OF THEIR LEASE and their COMPULSORY REMOVAL they will
cl' • out their entire Ktock of more than
$100,000
• /
Worth «f HIGH-CLASS DIAMONDS. WATCHES. SOLID SILVER, GOLD
JEWELRY AND OBJECTS OF ART by auction
Commencing at 10:30 a. m.,
THURSDAY, To-Day, D it
And continuing daily at 10:30 a. m. and 2:30 p. m. till all Is sold.
BRIG6S & DODD, the Eminent Art Auctioneers, Specially Engaged.
v , vf - work A COMPANT bee to ny that owmir to lack of »pa« In their «tore, they
• wUi bt unsUtiio to wait prlvatel/ on custom*™ during th« continuance of thti important sale.
Reed only cam* twice to see. our daughter.
For three years lie never cam© near the
child. Then he came to sea her on the
27th of last October. On the Ist of De
cember he died."
The nervous dread and terrible fear of
the mother that some one might do away
Kith the tiny heiress abated somewhat
yesterday, and she had her little one come
home ••■ her. "When I read in the will
that clause providing how the money .
should be distributed should my child die
a terrible fear took possession of me.
Previous to that such an awful thing- as
niy~aarl!n~ff passing away had never pre- !
fentetl Itself to my mind. The very ]
thought of death In connection with my J
little one maddened me and all sorts of !
wild fancies took possession of me. 1 put
her from me. On Sunday I went to see
her. She looked upon our separation as a
punishment. "What have I done, mamma,
that 1 cannot live with you?" she said.
Mrs. Wood has no great comfort in the I
midst of all her trouble. She had thought \
the experience of the Indiscretion of her ;
youth would make her few friends turn
from her. She miscalculated the depth of
the friendship of th -•• who knew and !
loved her. Her misfortune has made closer
the ties that bound her to friends and
neighbors. Her place of refuge now Is the
home of a friend who for more than live
years learned to know and respect her as
a neighbor.
DANIELS REPUDIATED.
December IS. 1R93.
To the ndltor of Th* Pan Francisco Call—
Sir: In your Ifsuc of the 12th lnst. you pub
lifh a purported Interview with one B. G.
Daniels. In which Mr. Daniels make* various
assertions about the manner In which Mr.
Heed acquired possession of the property of
which he died potsesErd. Mr. Daniels has talked
with considerable assurance of matters of
which he Is profoundly Ignorant. He pays:
"Mr. Heed In his declining years realized that
In his earlier days when Spanish »ran;.-«
kr.»w not the pritypectlve value of their lands
li«- had taken advantage of Innocence. Ileln*
unable to m»k- restitution directly to those
with whom he <J«*alt. he wiped out the wren*
of former years by restoring part of his prop
erty to the little heiress. • • • When Heed
laid the foundation of his fortune much of
the territory wh«-re he Fettled was held by
the Mexicans, and the knavery of Horace Car
pentler, who lmi-errnr.ated a priest In order to
Induce old Don Peralta to deed away his herit
age In A lamed* County, was not unknown on
the other side of the bay. Among those who
are credited with taking similar advantage*
was John J. Heed. but. unlike Carpentler, th«
Ran Hafael c*p!tall?t In the evening of his
life listened to h!s conscience. • • • I have
heard that FWd wns not alt.">geth»r ratified
with the manner In which he acquired some
of his property."
The above statements are the. results of a
very vlvij und mischievous Imagination.
Where Mr. Danifls obtained the Information
which he dlrclriß»»s with such nn air of assur
ance the family of the late Mr. Heed are un
aware. Every one of the above statements
of Mr. Daniels Is false. As a matter of trim.
th« late John J. He<*d Inherited every Inch of
his land I row his father, who acquired it Iv
Krant frum the Mexican Government. Juan
K'-ed. the father of the late John J. Heed, was
an early settler In California, and all his
property was acquired through legitimate nnd
honorable methods. In ISSi the title to the
Heed lards was perfected by a patent issued
by the Unlu-d Slates Government. Mr. Dan
iels It I stranger to every member of the Heed
family, none of them know who this wiseacre
ts, and they take this means of denying his
statements and correcting the false lmpres
flrns they may have created. Mr. Reed never
In all his long life deprived any person un
justly or throuch deceitful methods of any
proprrt). but In all his business and private
transactions did Justice to his fellow men.
Yours respectfully. THOS. P. liOTD.
est opinion. He said that San Francisco
merchant* need more than all els* a
branch of the Commercial Museum of
I'hlladelphla. which has grown till it r*ow
occupies a hundred rooms. He gave a
brief outline of its working nnd recom
mend*^ it a? something worthy of the
Iserfoui consideration of the merchants.
Gavin McNab paid a compliment to trie
new charter and said that it should go
hand in hand with the Improvements lor
which bonds are proposed. "AnyboJy
who votes against any of the bond propo
sitions." naid MeXab. "stamps himself
as being an enemy to progress and ~en
fesses his lack of confidence In the fu
ture of his city."
Director Cutter. Mr. I>Mijree. President
Tay and Director Carrlgan also made
brief epeeches.
SHOULD HAVE A GUARDIAN.
William H. Kruse's Case Taken Up
by Judge Coffey.
The application of Edward Krue for
letters of guardianship over the person
of his brother. William H. Kruse, was
taken up by Judge Coffey yesterday. Tes
timony was offered to show that William
H. *« weak In mind and body through
prolonged carousals and that It was nec
essary that a guardian be appointed.
Judge Coffey said that In his opinion he
Fhould have a guardian and that he was
willing to appoint the petitioner, but
could not do so until the residence of the
ward had been established. William II
has been living on a farm In Sonoma
County for pome time, and If he has a
legal residence there Judge Coffoy would
have no Jurisdiction over either his per
son or estate. In consequence the case
went over until such time as the peti
tioner can present proofs that William
H. is a legal resident of this city and
s«mply went to live on the farm at the
suggestion of his brother for his health
and to avoid temptation.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CAI^U TIIITKSDAT, DECEMBER 14. 1809.
TWO MEN USED RAZORS
TO CUT LIFE'S THREAD
TWO men. unfortunate and despair
ing, went out on the bloody and un
hallowed tide of suicide yesterday.
Both usod the razor as the means of
their taking off.
The llrst reported to the Coroner was
P. 11. Walther. an old citizen. He went to
the Harbor View Baths about 1 o'clock
yesterday and severed the spinal cord by
arawlng a razor across th« back of his
neck.
The second unfortunate took a room at
the Berkeley lodging-house at 18 Mason
street on the evening previous, and was
found yesterday afternoon with hi* throat
cut and a razor in his hand.
Mr. Walther was a barber by trade, but
up to eighteen months ago was associated
in the saloon business at 207 Grant avenue
with J. Rumetsch. He sold his Interest to
his partner. Mr. RumetSCh, and Bince that
time did not appear to be doing anything.
It was ascertained b" the condition of
the body that the deceased took a bath,
then partly dressed himself and smoked
a cigar. Then he spread the towels care
fully alongside the bathtub on the floor
and drew the edge of a razor across the
nape of his neck, severing the spinal cord
und killing him instantly. A bather in an
adjoining room taw something red ooz
ing under the partition, and on closer ex
amination found that It was blood. He
Informed tne bathhouse people, who
broke in the door and found \\ alther
dead. . ,
On the person of the dead man was
found among other things a letter In Ger
man, written by him to his partner. The
letter was in a despondent vein and to
the effect that he had got tired of looking
for something to do and that ho had de
termined to end his life by suicide. The
further statement was made that he had
Intended to be cremated, but that he was
then ready to go to the grave.
The deceased was a member of Herman
ATTACKED HIS
SICK MOTHER
WITH A RAZOR
The Murderous Act of
James Webster.
WAS CRAZED FROM DRINK
ARRESTED AFTER A DESPER
ATE STRUGGLE.
♦
James Webster, a bartender living nt
133 O'Farrell street, went home drunk last
night and taking a razor out of his pocket
threatened to carve bis aged mother, who
was lying sick In bed. Th« latter's
screams attracted the attention of her
sister, who lives in the same house, and
as she entered the room she was met by
Webster, who slashed at her with the
razor.
The thoroughly frlßhtenr-d woman lost
no time in ttT— r**^g from tho house, and
meeting Policemen Bylvester and Mul
cahy, she begged them to arrest Webster
it he would kill his moth
sr. The Ofttcers quickly repaired to tho
scene, und tlndlnp th.- i!onr locked they
promptly forced an i-ntrance. Webster,
who was In his Bhlrt sl^evea. was stand
ine over his mother, flourishing tho razor
and threatenliiK to cut her throat. Syl
vester, resJWng thai thr> man w;u< tempo
rarily deranged from the effects of liquor,
M-iz.-d bin by the arm, after telling him
he wa-s under arrest. With an oath Web
ster turned on him and desperately en
deavored to cut him with the rasor. Mul
cahy rushed to the assistance <>t his fellow
officer, and after a short struggle they
aded in placing Webster bora de
i wnfrat Ha was then handcuffed and tak
en down stairs. On the way to the patrol
bos Webster again attacked the officers
and it required their combined efforts to
subdue him. At th» <"ity Prison he gave
me as J. F. Smith. \u- was .-harg.-d
with disturbing the peace and drunkiri-
Webster has bren on a protracted ppreo
and his moth.-r thinks that his mind is
tottering through the excessive use of liq
uor. Unless his condition improves it Is
the intention of his relatives to have him
taken before the Commissioner? of Lun
acy to be cjHinh to his sanity.
Useful Christinas Presents.
Traveling sets, valises, baps, pocket
books, billhooks and card cases are nice
presents for either gentleman or lady.
Lettered in cold tree of charge when
bought from Sanborn, Vail & Co., in Mar
ket street. *
FRENNAS DEFENSE CLOSED.
Evidence in Rebuttal Will Occupy a
Brief Time and Then Argu
ments Will Begin.
The Frenna trial made but little prog
ress yesterday. The defense Introduced
a few witnesses In the forenoon and then.
at 10:30 o'clock, announced that the case
was closed so far M Frenna was con
cerned. District Attorney Murphy desired
time to look over the testimony before
calling witnesses in rebuttal, and at his
request, to which the defense made no
opposition,- the case was continued until
9:30 o'clock this morning.
Rebuttal testimony will hardly occupy
more than two hours, and Assistant Dis
trict Attorney Salomon will begin the
opening address for the people at the
opening of the afternoon session. He will
be followed by Attorneys J. 11. Hosmer
and W. S. Barnes for the defense and
the District Attorney will close. The at
torneys have promised to get through so
that the case may be given to the jury on
Friday afternoon. • '• ■ ,• ■-'■•■.
Dr. George Adams, Frenna s family phy
sician: P. J. Sullivan, a notary public:
John T. Green, property clerk of the
Police Department; Attorney 11. C. Dibble
and the defendant himself were the wit
nesses examined yesterday. The only
thing new that was brought out by them
was the fact that Judge Dibble testified
that Officer Itiordan told him that on a
certain occasion when he arrested Turner
the latter attempted to draw a revolver.
For more than fifty year* th« famous Jeaa*
Moor* whiskey haa been the standard brand.
Stamin. I*. O. R. li, He was a native of
ll<-ss<--I>armstadt and M years old. His
wife* died many years ago and he had no
relatives except s niece in this city.
The deputies had Just reached the
Morgue with Walthers' body when a
telephone message, from the Berkeley
House, IS Mas>.n Street, was received
notifying them that an unknown man j
had been found dead In one of the rooms I
with his throat cut. On reaching tho |
scene the deputies found the body of a
man partly dressed lyinp on a bod In a
1 1 of blood with a razor tightly
clutched In the right hand. From the
proprietor of the hotel. B. J. Hagfjerty. it
was learned that tho deceased bad ap
plied to him on Mon, lay nipht for a lodtf
lnp. saying that he was without money i
and offering his overcoat as security for
the payim-nt of the room at some future
time.
proprietor told th" man that he
could have a room for the nlpht without
security and pay for it Inter on. Th>'
Ft ranger occupied the room that night anil I
late the next day called at the otllce for j
his overcoat, which he had forgutten. and
Id to pet it from the room. Yester- j
day afternoon the bedmaker found the
door looked from the inside and notified
the clerk. Paul Manning, who, after re
ittempts to arouse th»* occupant,
f'.ro-.l the transom and found the body
:.s described. '
In the pockets" of the clothes of decent- i
ed were found several receipts in the
name of v C. Jones, s memorandum
book, in which was stamped "P. C. Jones,
<;.>n"l. Agent, and a recelpi from the 1
<'i>mmerd;U Transfer Company/, dated 1 ••
cember 10, 1899, for checks for baggage (
from Sacramento.
Fr..tn notes Jotted down In the memor- i
nniium-hook it appears that deceased has
• 'nplnyed in a railroad frelghi otfi4-,
and had at times 1 ••• :i a drummer
throughout the State. He was about S3
Of Hire.
HIS MONEY AND
DIAMONDS TAKEN
BY A STRANGER
The Bold Robbery of
Frederick Dennis.
SAYS HE WAS DRUGGED
THE THIEF ASSISTED BY TWO
WOMEN.
Fred Dennis, an employe of the South
ern Pacific Company, was robbed of a
purse containing $102 and two valuable
diamond rings early yesterday morning.
Shortly before ml<J night Dennis, who was
out for a "good time." as ho expressed It
to the police, was walking along Market
street, when he met a well-dressed
stranger, who ask.-.l him to Join htm In a
drink. They visited several saloons and
when about to leave his new-found friend
Dennis was hailed by two young women,
who cajoled him Into buying a drink for
them. After leaving the women Dennis*
companion insisted that he should ac-
company him to his room on Folsom
street, near Sixth. After reaching the
stranger's room Dennis fell asleep, and
when he awakened several hours later his
money and diamonds were gone. A plain
Bold ring, which he had on his left Index
linger, was also missing. Dennis lost no
time In notifying Captain Bohen.who de
tailed Detectives Crockett and Dillon on
the case.
Prom his statement the detectives are
satisfied that he was drugged by the
stranger and then relieved of his money
and jewelry. Dennis described the thief as
being about 24 years of age. well dressed
and wearing a small dark mustache.
One of the rings contained twenty-one
diamonds, and was recently purchased by
1 tennis.
The police nre Inclined to hellev« that
the two women whom DenniH met were
pals of the man who was with him. They
called him "Jack" und seemed to on
very friendly t.-rms with him. It is
thought by the detecthrM that the women
assisted the stranger in relieving Dennla
or his cash and Jewelry
I>r. Parker's Coußh Cur». Ona doae wtH atop
» coueU. Never falls. Try It. All dru«UU. •
MRS. O'SULLIVAN'S WILL.
Testatrix Makes Bequests to Rela
tives, Friends and Various
Charities.
The will of Mrs. r. L). O'Sullivan. who
died la this city on the Bth inst.. was Hied
f-.r pM.Kt-t. yesterday. The value of de
cedent'a estate is said not to exceed $20,u00
will wlilc h bean date of March X,
be f^llowlim betiuests are made: To
Mrs Honors Donovan, a tlster-ln-law,
IliiOO; to Ellen Donovan. $1000; Ifrs. Mary
MoArundle, 13000; to Mrs. Mary Hurley.
Wt, to Miss Jane Howlan.l. 11500: to J. j
Prenderga ■ ■ AxchbUhop Rfordan
in trust tor the following uses!
For urn us'- and benefli of the sisters of
the Holy Family, ROO; for the St. \Tlncent
d« Paul Society, 1600: for the Tenths' Dl
y, V">. for the Convent of the Pre
sentation Bisters, |500. Decedent also be
queaths 800 to Rev. Dr. Flts*erald and
the superioress of the Presentation
Convent at Bandon, County <'~<rk. 'r.-iand.
The residue <»f the estate Is devised In
equal shares among the six chlldn-n of
the testatrix, Annie Boland. IColUe, Corne
lius Denis. Joseph <).. J,,hn and Nellie
O'Sullivan. Patrick Roland and Hugh
Dlmund are appointed executors of the
will.
ladles' tailor-made *uit». fur cap««. clotka.
Credtt. 11. Roth*chl!d. 334 Post rt. •
TANNER TELLS HIS STORY.
Says He Shot James Brown in Order
to Save His Own Life.
Oeorge L,. Tanner was on the Btand in
Jndga Dunne*! court yesterday and told
Ills raaaoni for killing James Brown and
j'annif Bftrnea a few months a«o. He saJd
that he was attacked by them and thrown
on the floor. While Rrown was holding
him by the throat on the floor he began to
xhoot through his pocket and killed them
both. IK- .«uid that he acted In defense of
his own Hf^ and had he not shot his
assailants he certainly would have b«en
killed. A verdict In the case will prob
ably be reached to-day.
KEMP CALLS
BERGEROT A
LITTLE CUR
Disgraceful Scene at
Board's Meeting.
AFTERMATH OF THE TROUBLE
PLAN TO PAY TEACHERS TWO
MONTHS' UNPAID SALARIES.
The aftermath of the differences exist
ing between Chairman Bergerot and
School Director Kemp over the latter*!
attempt to pave the way for electing a
batch of new teachers Into the depart
ment by amending sections IC3-9 of the
rules came at last night's meeting of the
Board of Education, and a disgraceful
scene marked the close of the proceed
ings. The trouble was precipitated when
Bergerot culled up for consideration
Kemp's notice to amend. Director Head,
who was absent at the previous meeting,
desired to have read that portion of the
minutes referring to the subject. After
It was dono Chairman Bergerot started
to _puLlhe_ question -to a. vote, when he
was interrupted by Kemp, who angrily
said:
"No. you don't. You played to the gal
lery last meeting night and I'll play 1/
the gallery next meeting night."
"\ou gave notice of consideration at
the last meeting," said Bergerot, "and we
I will take it up now. Mr. Kemp, you are
out of order. I told you once before that I
I would oppose your scheme of foisting '
teachers In the department when they are
: not needed. "
Kemp, recognizing In this an evident de
; sire ot Bergerot to humiliate him again
before the board by voting down his
proposition, as he knew Kemp did not
have the necessary seven votes, re
torted:
"I've got the floor and I propose to keep
It. You're all right, 1 don't think. You're
not half a man."
"I will not stoop to your level, sir," re
torted the chairman, at the same time
loudly rapping with his gavel.
"You are a little cur." said Kemp, and
amid a great deal of confusion Director
Stow moved to adjourn and the incident
came to an end.
Mrs. Garrett was appointed Janltress of
Gartield Primary School, vice Mrs. Kim
ball, resigned. Mrs. Kelly failed to get
Mrs. Black's position as janitrt -ss of the
Everett Grammar School, and Mrs. M. 1:.
McClellan did not have sufficient strengtn
In the board to take the place made va
cant by Mrs..Oarrett's transfer from Gol
- den Gate School. A motion to appoint
Mrs. Shields to the latter position was
lost, but she was temporarily appointed
by Chairman Bergerot.
Chairman Bergerot suggested that the
Finance Committee confer with the Au
ditor regarding the salaries of school
teachers for November and December,
189 S. which are yet unpaid.
"it is not legal to pay these salaries as
such, but now that there are sufficient ;
funds ii may be possible to Increase the
monthly salaries for the next six months
at the rate of two-twelfths of the total
amount due the teachers each month."
The Finance Committee will Investigate
the matter and report at the next meet-
Ing.
Mrs. R. Grennan, who was formerly
principal of the Sunnyvale School, re
quested thai she be assigned to a place
In Borne school without waiving her tights
to a prindpalship in the department. Di
rector Gedge's motion that the matter be
referred :> Superintendent Webster whs
lost and it will now go to the Elementary
Committee.
The South San Francisco Improvement
Club by revolution petitioned the board
for a new school building of sixteen rooms
to take the place of tho twelve-room
school now ordered. The latter will not be
large enough, as there are at the present
time 635 names on the roll and every day
there are new applicants. It will be re
cessary to hire outside rooms, as that
number 'vlll more than nil the twelve
rooms.
It w.is resolved and ordered that the
following a*HlKnment of teachers made
by th« Superintendent of Schools
he confirmed: Miss L. n. Harridan to tiie
Moulder Prln?ary School, new clans; M »a
Elizabeth Donald from the day sutjjti
tute list to the Noe Valley Primary
School, new class; Miss J. Miles from the
day substitute list to the Franklin Gram
mar School, fourth Krade, new class; Miss
L,. Radford to the South End School, vi ••
Miss Gillmore; Miss If. Barrett from tne
day substitute list to tho Hawthorne Pri
mary School, vice Miss E. Smith; Miss
Hertha Dworsasek from the John Swott
Grammar School to the Redding Primary
School.
It was resolved that ninth prade pupils
who have been In said jrrade for twelve
months or more and who have completed
the course of study for said grade may
be examined for Rraduatlon by principals
in the following subjects, to wit.: Spell
ing. 50 credits: word analysis, 2" credits;
defining. '."< credits; arithmetic. 100 cren-
Its; grammar, 100 credits; K^'Kraphy. UO
Kx^wßßwMßMhdlMllMlJbfcttJCahMiill^^
I fcfffff Bicycles i
H For OLD and YOUNG H
H Full Size Wheels $25 and $30 1 1
H CHILDREN'S WHEELS. pi
»l For LITTLE TOTS 52C.00 W&>
B| For BOYS and GIRLS $22.50 lH
Wgm For YOUTHS and MISSES $25.00 |fc£fl
B^B ESwl
H is©© 9
B9 BICYCLES V/V7 j^n
Kg These are all fine CHRISTMAS PRESENTS. W*i
IS THOS. H. B VARNEY, W$ t
flfig MARKET AND IOTH STS.. SAN FRANCISCO. %:$*
ONE WEEK m j§l
FREE «
Treatment and Medicine S^L §
I* OK <^Vi»
Catarrh, Deafness, a m>o
NOISES IN THE EARS eg Y g ,
AND THROAT DISEASES Si EE/%*
given to show the superior X^» / f£k
merit of my new Invention '***/^ 7?4\ •
and ANTISEITIC treatment |"JN^ &?sV''
that Blv<« marvel) ium cures tgy t-^vft
and bo easy a child can use HL b^^H
It. In 1200 tent cases all PA- H^^. %SBSB :
TARRHAIj patl.nts relieved s\
and SO i>er cent Deafness f M -'3238?
cured. Best of references and BsAoßS^B^-^
hundreds of Indorsements. BBolE^i
Hut the best Is to try It and
be convinced while you can. FREE FOR ONE
WEEK.
Call at once or write.
DR. COTTINGHAM,
632 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
Hours— a. m.. 1-3 and 7-8 p. m.
Hales.
*■" // we please you. tell others— if we don't, tell us. ~*
| Santa reigns supreme! %
•& this old world of ours has made many changes in this century. ♦$»
+. the progress you have seen everywhere hap not been confined to the /r
things of great moment, how about the new channels for the hap- ~
JK piness of the little folks? we don't Intend to 'exaggerate the skill, me-
•? (hanism, art and handiwork displayed In our toy store, where Santa ;•
J^ Claus has established himself; but rather to give you hints only, so +£»
~ that your imagination may in reality fin ■! greater things here than .-
•5* you can picture. +3"
"^ for little housekeepers new games "if
we will place on sale 50 minia- the fascinating game of "Catch $ST
*ture nickel-plated iron kitchen the Hare." enjoyed by the hour by />
T? ranges, three doors, movable lids, the young and old alike; only T>o ~
Jt. chimney, pots and kettles com- left; while they last 115 c j2L
£ plete; only U)c
«T „ . ' • two specials for* the baby *T
5 for youn^ gardeners the yellow klfl that Jumr ; a! , *
*; seven dozen sets of little garden claps it? hands only 7<r 2
«5+ spades, rakes and hoes; the three th<- yellow kid that tips its hat *&
ml pieces complete only 7t* only I3c y»
*•■' remember i— open every evening till Chrisfmas. ;j
& handkerchiefs by . , , *T
* the half dozen infants caps £.
Jt. not slightly soiled ones, but cream white embroidered China ji
•*" brand new ones that arrived from silk; full lace ruche and ribbon v*
A. the manufacturer yesterday; we pompons, silk Btringa, sateon lined \
*: bought them in plenty of time, but 75 C each
•gr the factory could not turn them *y
* c\ UrnU me a Yatr U al^•musV^?U hO%h 0 % child's faille silk bonnet *
°<}o Xmas; all sheer linen, both colored silk embroidered crown and ey>o
6 embroidery and white, open work, back, finished around front with +&
~ others^ivith tlntfd borders— the hit-— whtte^swansdo vv v ami lace^ very
*j* est 50c, 7."»<- and $1 pretty »l if
*£ two specials for Thursday night at 7 o'clock €•
«5* . you will no doubt remember that about a month ago we purchased +&
*. the entire stock of Foster hook, kid and lambskin gloves from the &>
"5* agents In this city and sold them at about half their regular value; TST
A. we have about 900 pairs left in broken sizes and colors; hen they A
T are: ;f
A black— 6%, 5*4. 6. 7%. 8. +?•
r; tan and brown— sV£, 5%, |%, 7U. 7%. —
«gr find your size there? If you do come to-night and get a pair COc ♦$•
pretty decorated opal salve boxes— to-night only r»«« *5T
"& c *-♦/» A. M.— Half's to I^irkin to Fulton to Flllmorw to MeAllln- *&
♦• 52013 S ft to Lyon to Fell to Col* to Oak to Ptanyan to Waller to ••
m Aohhury to Oak to 6cott to Halxht to l'.uchanan to Grow to iy
«$4 milOmODllC " OOp'l p' M.— Hales to Ftcckton to Geary to Powell to Pout t<> A
•;■ . Franklin to Pin* to Fillmore to Jackson to Flmt avenue to '.?
*& rOlitC I'olnt I" I **"* to Geary to I.airuna to Golden Gate avenue to *^
*; itor".
aS^ Subject to weather conditions. jj^
4* "the satis- G&JsLd&l *ffl m " the S^ Ore
* store." J&^Jg&M*&y& likes -" *?"
A A * r . *■ *r
»■ 035-o*7 Market street.
credits; history. 100 credits, a maximum of I
70 per cent and a minimum percentage of
£0 In each subject beinjc required for giad-,
uation; questions, papers written hy pu
pils and tabulated results to be forwarded
to the oißce of the Superintendent of
Schools for Inspection on or before rn
day. the rth day of January. 1900. _ w
The Sunset District Improvement Club
petltfoned the board to furnish window
shades In the I^aguna Honda Bchool.
Leaves of absence were granted to Miss
M. K. Magulrc. Mm E. M. Stafford. D.
Lambert. E R. Elder and Alice Derrick.
RATE WAR THREATENED.
E. O. McCormick. passenger trafflo
manager of the Southern Pacific Com
pany, left last evening on the overland for
Chicago. He v.ill ■<• gone a little over a
month and will probably run on as far
ns • m York and Boston before he re
turns.
principal object of Mr IfcCornrick'i
trip Is to attend a meeting of the different
transcontlnpnt.il pm— ngf agents, sched
iil.<l to take pine* In Chicago on the 19th
of this month.
The meeting has been called to see If the
dispute concerning differentials, which
originated a short time ago among the
different Massachusetts lines and which
resulted In rate cutting on the west
bound transcontinental passenger busi
ness, cannnot be bo adjusted as to re-
Ftore confidence and harmony between
the different lines that are now at outs
and whose differences threaten to sooner
or later Involve all their big connections
in a first-class rate war.
It Is thought that the trouble is merely
a litle flurry, which the meeting will have
small difficulty in settling, after which
It wili devote some time to a general dis
cussion of the many different matters
pertaining to passenger trafllc.
From Chicago Mr. McCormick will Jour
ney on to several other Eastern cities on
business of his own as well as that con
nected with his position.
II. • will not return to Ran Francisco
until the holidays are well over. In the
meantime his offlce will be left In the
charge of his assistant, Mr. Lund.
Christmas
Eye=Glasses
Can be purchased for anybody and exchanged
later to suit the ulcht. All fitted with the new
clip— don't slip, tilt or waver. New Opera
<;iups«!< arriving dally. B. & I*. i>-i»s Stereo
Field Glasses.
oculists' prescriptions filled. Quick repair-
ing. Factory on premises. Phone Main 10.
OPraANs4oT>t.~ ;
642 Market St. inmruhents
COKE! COKE!
P. A. McDonald.
Wholesale Dealer and Shipper of Coke.
OFFICE 811 FOLSOM ST.
Hales.
3-Day Specials !
HOLIDAY QnOCKRin and winks
are year hy year t>~cominjr a more Impor-
tant feature In our »tore-<. This year w«
ore prepared to the be.<t and moat
carefully neiectrd holiday <i*!t«ht» to be
found Iti Fan Francisco.
CANOY, lib box 30c
The finest assorted
French mixed candle*.
Klsewhere :•< c.
HAMS, per Ib 12, c
Choicest Kniite'-n.
IN'KUiar price lie.
MINCEMEAT, qt jar 5Cc
I.lm. n. lan'i celebrated
Ilotne-ma'le mince meat.
Hags art] £oc.
SWEET WINES, bot 35c. 3 bats SI
Tcrt. Sherry. Angelica, Muscat
and Tokay. Oocd and pure.
;.urly 50c a bot.
ALMONDS, Ib 15c
DM! paperxhell.
Kegularly SVr.
WHISKEY, bot 75c, 3 bots $2.00
EL C. Tlenr ">ur m;»»h Dourbon. raL ii CO.
Kegularly {1.00 and II <••).
FINNAN HADDIES, Ib 15c
Kew Shipment Bcotch Finnan Haddlea.
Very choice.
Aluo the best of Flits. Pate*.
Nut". <>Tanisr*. Bonbons.
I'erfumery and Tre» I)eenratlon».
Arrac and Swedlnh Punchea.
Jamaica and St. «'rolx Rum. Imported
■\Vhlsklrs and rtrandles. Claret* and
Bautenes, Champasnps, Cordial*, etc.
l!H\;«r: and Key Wejt Clears In fancy
lioxe* for Xmai atfta.
OPEIV EVENINGS.
MAIL ORDERS SOUCITED.
NEW CATALOGUE FREE.
39 STOCKTON ST, 3253 FILLMORE ST
Oldnurrb«f JtStaeWtsu Corner Lombard.
St. r«»r Mar War Ttltiaoa* W»it 153.
T(!t|tian* Main 6531
CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME.
This splendid, handsom?, /t»/* a/\
comfortable oaksn cobble- \/ 11 1 1
seateJ rorkrr fPL.VV
In •!]<•»* darn of rapidly lncr«asiny
piicea a great value.
SEND I : OR MIVV CATALOG.
THE J. NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
itOIT-1023 MISSION STHBBT.
f^bov* Slxtl).
Phoot Etnth 11. Cyi2Fr«aari.
P3 CifcfW wTWa^ M XT tk mjfi
W^^^^^^rT\^^^^T/f^(tWv^^^^n^^^^^U