VOLUME LXXXVI-NO. 46.
WAR CLOUDS GATHER OVER
THE TRANSVAAL
Tall Bridge Across the Vaal River at Newcastle.
(From a Sketch Made by J. Harrington.)
„[—■...--•* ■-. - :•■■■ .-■*■■ ■■■.'...■
Copyrighted, ISS9. by the Associated Press.
LONDON, July 15.— Another week
of bickering, of heated invective
and vituperation, accusations of
tyranny on one hand and treason
on the other, of increasing dis
tress among the Outlanders of the
Rand, owing to th" dislocation of busi
ness: of military preparation and
throughout all the apparent mainte
nance by the Boers of their stolid at
titude of indifference. All the repre
sentations made have only served to
add to the perils of the Transvaal situ
ation, and everything tends to confirm
the opinion that the Imperial Govern- !
ment mean's to obtain reform. The j
Ministers have practically pledged
themselves to enforce them, peaceably
If possible, otherwise forcibly. The em
pire appears absolutely united on this
subject.
The startling telegram published by
the Boer organ here, the Digger News,
on Friday, showing apparently that the
Transvaal was giving in and cordial
relations had been resumed, which was
promptly denied by the Secretary for
the Colonies. Joseph Chamberlain,
though evidently tinged to suit the sus
ceptibilities of the Doppers, was so cir
cumstantial and apparently authorita
tive that momentarily the hope was
aroused that the end of the quarrel was
in sight.
But the only foundation for the dis
patch was found in the fact that Mr.
Chamberlain on Wednesday, before the
new* franchise bill was introduced in
MISS ANNIE E. WHEELER. .
A Member of the Red Cross Who 1 Accompanies Her Father to Manila.
The San Francisco Call.
STRONG POSITION
ON VAAL RIVER
* CAPE TOWN. July ■ I."..— Among *
* the vulnerable points to be guarded *
-X- in case of hostilities occurring is the *
* toll bridge crossing the Vaal River *
* at Newcastle. This is the boundary *
* line between the Transvaal and Na- *
* tal, and at Newcastle the river is *
-- deep and the current swift. During •*.
* the last war the bridge was blown *
-.? up by the Boers and communication -:■:
--~ between -the two sections cut off. ff
-::• ' ._*
******* ■:•:• -::- **- ~ * * ■*■ * * # • V
the Voiksraad. requested that the text
be communicated to him and suggested
that the debate be postponed pending
such friendly representations in regard
to alterations therein as the imperial
Government might desire to make in
the interests of peace.
The refusal of President Kruger to
accede to the request is regarded here
as a fresh affront, and only served to
clinch the belief that the President is
still dominated by Dr. Leyds. the Eu
ropean representative of the Trans
vaal, who has heretofore, it is claimed.
proved the evil genius of the Transvaal
and who continues to delude the Trans
vaalers with the dangerous theory that
if they can only gain time by simulated
concessions no real reform will be
necessary, as a new grouping of the
powers will shortly occur, whereby
- -. . - / -■'•—• Til.'.'
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JULY" 16, 1899-THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
Great Britain will no longer have a
free hand in South Africa.
In the meantime the British force
in South Africa are being increased by
every steamer, and the avoidance of
harsh measures is becoming decidedly
more difficult.
COMMISSION MADE
OUT FOR MRS. HEARST
■7--*--r-~ ~ ■'-.:'-■<' A -.*':
Final Proceeding in Her Appointment
as State University
Regent. *
SACRAMENTO, July 15.— Governor
Gage to-day. issued a mis-don to*
Mrs. Phebe R. Hearst, as : regent, of the
State University. Mrs. Hearst was ap
pointed regent by Governor Budd for
the short term, and Governor Gage
withdrew* her appointment from the
State Senate, together with others.
Subsequently he appointed her for the
long term, vice J. West Martin, term
expired, but withheld the commission,
as Mrs. Hearst was absent from the
State at the time. ;>•'•*.;•
•.-_———.
Mexico's Commissioner.
CITY OF MEXICO. July 15.— The Gov
ernment has just appointed Engineer
Manuel Anza to be Mexican Commission
er to the Paris Exposition. The position
was tendered Mier V. Cells, but he de
clined it.
GENERAL WHEELER ARRIVES
IN THIS CITY.
* I / xs=>n ENERAL JOSEPH WHEE
** j U LER. a hero of two wars and
i ill "){ a cavalry leader of distinction
* I vs_;^(j in twenty brilliant campaigns,
**- arrived in San Francisco last
* night en route for active duty- at the
* front in another campaign. He was ac-
I .-ompanied in his journey across the
Z. continent by his daughter. Miss Annie
* E Wheeler of the Red Cross Society;
* his aid de camp. First Lieutenant
* Frank C. Boles, Sixth United States
* | Infantry, and Samuel Garratt, secre
_, tary. . . .
I ■ General Wheeler is a wiry, active sol-
Z dier of 62 years. He seems in fine condi
jf tion physically for another tour of act-
X- ive work on the battle line. Mentally
X* he is alert. In mind and body and soul
* he is an American and a defender of the
* old flag. - ; Tiv 7 b : -;:7 ! ... 7- ■■riiii
* General Wheeler said good-by to
J President McKinley last Monday. He
£ left Washington at 3 o'clock p. m. the
* following day and came through to
4* California without stopping over on the
* journey. At many places along his
**-" route of travel across the continent he
* received personal greetings and assur
£ ances of high esteem from his fellow
34. citizens. j, ;*.-J
X- I Among the agreeable Incidents of the
X* journey nothing was more delightful
* than the greeting which he received at
**•" Sacramento from General G. B. Cosby.
J At West Point when General Wheeler
was a cadet General Cosby was his in
structor. Since the days at -the Point
each served in the "old army." and
when the civil war came both gained
renown in the Confederate army. They
exchanged many warm reminiscences
of the old times on the run from Sacra
mento to San Francisco.' On a South
ern - Pacific schedule time Is no - ob
ject, hence these bid soldiers had leis
ure to recall the past and speculate as
to the future. Stories of Stonewall
Jackson's piety and gallantry and traits
of -.kindness' which distinguished many
of the great leaders of the Union and
Confederate armies were dwelt upon.
General Wheeler is not shy of news
paper writers, and artists, but : he en
joins that the interviewer shall not
plot" him as saying what others In
the parity said,*, and expects that the
picture of another man .shall not ..be
producfd to represent himself. .Speak
ing of his Congressional career General
Wheeler, remarked: y
71 have served ten terms in Congress.
There is not ' a Democrat in the House
CALIFORNIA
BOYS WILL
SOON SAIL
Are Going on Board
. Transports- at
Negros. \
DELAYED TT. TYPHOON
— ♦ —
It Is Expected Now That
They Will Get Away
Promptly.
GENERAL ALGER SNUBBED
— • —
Miles in Charge, but Has Nothing
to Do With Philippine
Campaign.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GALL HEADQUARTERS, WEL
LINGTON g HOTEL, WASH
INGTON, July 15.— The War Depart
ment has received the following
cable:
"MANILA, July 15.— Adjutant
General, Washington: Twenty inches
of. rain fell in July, attended by
typhoons, and made the leaving of
the transports impossible. At Negros
it has been impossible to unload the
j Sixth Infantry until the last day or
i two. The California regiment* is now
loading. The Colorados leave to
morrow on the Warren and the Ida
hos, North Dakotas and Wyomings
next week, as soon as the transport
j Grant can be coaled. OTIS."
General Miles, as Acting Secretary
of War, did not get opportunity tr> act
upon any very important papers.
Secretary Alger saw to that yester
day before he left on his visit to Vice-
President* Hobart. He left instruc
tions to have all mall requiring his
signature held over until he returns on
.Monday. ' _\''-' ' : "-_- ' w .7 :7 .
In iew of .ho Secretary's well-known
antipathy to General Miles, it '•'■ was
rather embarrassing for subordinate
officers to know what to do under the
circumstances*; but they • soon learned
that the President had no desire to re
voke Alger's orders, and at 3 o'clock
this afternoon a small batch of papers
were taken to the general for his sig
nature., .Up to that time, although 1 •■
knew he was legally in charge of the
War Department, nothing had occurred
to show whether he would have the op
portunity of exercising that function.
Continued on Third Page.
I.
t . BRIGADIER. GENERAL "JOE" WHEELER. J
"■*-' Mho Arrived in San Francisco Last Night on >_ the Way : to the Philip- " *
"♦* * '■ .i '.'.''.' ' ' * pines. . '-? ."■'-.'•** --^> :>.--..; ' -. "■ ; '- : *-'-- *
* ■ -. •-" ■ -, -• : " . ■*■ ■; '. - - •>. . .- .■-.-• *
©*** jf if. * * _Ac __c __£■-__: «* -.*_ *at as «a IJK M _«_«___;¥**.***■¥.*•
who/was there when •_, I i first 7 entered j
Congress, and there are only -three or '
four | Republicans. >' I • knew * well ' your
California .* members. '*■ Senators^ Stan- j
ford and Hearst- and *'■ Representatives j
CITY PRISON INMATES
HATCH A BOLD PLOT
Desperate Criminals Removed to the
County Jail— Knives and Pistols
Confiscated by the Police.
Criminal Leaders in the Attempt to Liberate City Prison Inmates.
C. .V— 3 HE local police authorities are
deeply agitated over what they
believe was ,a . deliberate and
I well-planned attempt to- re
■ .lease from the City Prison
some of the most desperate criminals
who have been recently arrested and
are now awaiting' trial for the offenses
of which, they are accused. Pistols and
knives, which .were smuggled into the
City Prison, have been discovered and
confiscated. One of "the ; conspirators
Morrow 'and McKenna and English.
No.'l'was never before In California.
In ". 1860. -as - an officer in the * Third
"-. Continued on Third. Face. -■."■..«•-■*.
has been induced to expose the plot of !
his criminal associates and to* confess
the part he played in the scheme. '-
He declares that several of the trus
ties, who are serving terms of compara
tive comfort in the Clty-vPrison through j
the influence of political friends, smug
gled knives and pistols Into the prison. !
made duplicate keys of the important ,
cells and the prison door and* prepared '
to liberate several of their desperate ■
friends at the expense even of murder
ing the turnkey.
The plot was exposed by one of the j
trusties who was not consulted in the j
scheme. He learned- of the desperate |
plans of his associates and informed j
Captain Seymour. An investigation
was immediately made. The arms were :
found, two prisoners were transferred •
to the County Jail and a third was I
placed in the "tanks" to be questioned.
This third prisoner has confessed his
knowledge of the plot and has admit
ted his participation in the desperate
scheme. It is upon his admissions that
the, authorities base their belief of the
plot to accomplish a delivery and lib
eration of prisoners,, even at the cost i
of death. ,
The police authorities began their in- j
vestigations with well founded misgiv- !
ings that the story that the City Prison
delivery might have been the dream of j
an opium, smoker, and the. police were i
notinclined to give much attention to the
recital. When they investigated, how
ever, they revealed a startling condi
tion of affairs. They were. told to ex
amine the "bunk room" in the City
Prison. They did so and found two pis- ;
tols and several knives. They were In- j
formed that a robbery had been com
mitted in the very prison itself and the \
investigation demonstrated that the in- ;
formation was f correct.
The authorities are not eager to ad- 1
mit what they discovered, but the fact |
remains that a robbery was committed \
in the City Prison by some incarcerated i
public offender. Several nlckel-in-the
slot machines, which were seized by j
the police some days ago, (have been i
broken into and their contents stolen. \
The room in which these machines j
were stored was locked. The key' was !
placed where only the desk sergeant of |
the City Prison and the property clerk ;
of the Police Department could find it.
The room is near the desk sergeant's ;
desk and apparently is vithin the
range of his vision. But it has been
robbed and nobody seems to know
how the theft was accomplished. The !
lock of the door has neither been forced j
nor broken. The door was still locked j
when the authorities made their inves
tigation. But the nickel-in-the-slot
machines had been rifled and their con
tents stolen. '.' . '.
Armed with this corroboration of the
informer's confession, the authorities
took immediate action. On Friday
morning they examined the- "bunk
room" of the prison.* The "bunk room"
is, reserved for the accommodation of
trusties, the favored petty criminals
who. escape imprisonment in the Coun
ty Jail through the influence of a "po
litical pull." The pistols and knives
were found, but no trace of the dupli
cate Vkeys was discovered. 7: The police
claim, therefore, that no such keys
were made. . 7 V
- The authorities belie their own de
nial, however, by their actions. They
accepted the theory of their informer
and- made a raid upon the prison over
which they have: control. . They 7 have
removed from/their quarters three of ,
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
' the a most desperate criminals that were
Inmates' of the City." Prison. Two of
these •* men' were sent to the County
Jail. They ; are -George' Graham, a
scoundrel -versatile. In many fields of
evildolng. \ and .George Abernethy, an
accomplished burglar. The third of
fender, who is given by. his associates
the evil credit of "an informer, was
locked up in the tanks. He is known
as '.'Bill" Curley. although he has half
a dozen other aliases.
He was closely questioned last night
and declared .that Graham. Abernethy
and himself planned to liberate several
of the men who are detained in the City
Prison awaiting trial for serious of
fenses. Curley said that, a trusty, who
was recently discharged, smuggled the
pistols and knives into the City Prison
and secured impressions of the main
door key and also of the keys of im
portant cells from which to make dupli
cates. These duplicate keys were made,
but the authorities have not been able
to discover them.
At a given signal. Curley confesses,
one of the trusties was to open the cell
doors and another was to look after
the turnkey, even if it were necessary
to kill him. This scheme, it was ar
gued, would have been feasible at a
moment when a trusty would take a
newly; arrested prisoner to the cell as
signed to him. 7,
The betrayal of the plot by another
trusty ended the whole affair. Aber
nethy and Graham were sent to the
County Jail and Curley is in the
tanks. Captain Seymour and Sergeant
Wolf closely questioned Curley last
night, but were unable to learn, from
him any further details of the plot.
The riding of the nickel-in-the-slot
machines will probably remain a mys
tery. The fact that the machines were
stolen cannot be denied, but for ob
vious reasons the police authorities will
not admit that any well-defined plot
was hatched to make a general exodus
from the jail. In conjunction with' this
denial the police have found it extreme
ly difficult to explain the discovery of
the pistols and the knives.
CHARRED BODIES FROM
THE BURNING PIT
Details of the . Terrible Disaster at
the Toyokuni Coal Mine '
>;-i-,y,i Last Month.
VICTORIA . . B. C, 7 July 15.— Particular*
of the catastrophe at the Toyokuni coal
mine. Kyiushu. on the morning of the
l.'th ult., have been received. A tremen
dous Bound, accompanied by violent quak
ing of the earth.* was experienced by peo
ple living adjacent to the mine. Instantly
they rushed out 1 of doors and saw _ col
umn of dense black smoke issuing from
the pit. throwing pieces of wood and
other articles. high up into the air.
A party of rescuers— for there had been
some 200 men and women working in tho
mine When the disaster, occurred—
to go into the pit from a side entrance,
but were driven back by the suffocating
gas that filled the pit. Steps were at once
taken to ventilate the gas-laden pit. It
was; however, some time before the peo
ple could go into the shaft. . Up to the
ni-ht of the 16th only five bodies had been
recovered, charred ami with terribly in
jured limbs.
The work of recovering corpses was still
going on when the steamer Olympia
sailed. Miners' sheds have been changed
Into big charnel house-, where the ghast
ly opera tions of washing blackened bod
ies, coffining and cataloguing them are
taking place by a large number of min
ers who have come from other mines. In
some cases whole families have been an
nihilated, excepting the infants and aged
people.2
EUROPE NOT
SAFE FROM
THE PLAGUE
Such the Opinion Published
by the British Medical
Journal.
URGES PRECAUTIONS
♦ —
New York Experts Say There Is No
Danger of the Soourge (jetting
a Foothold in This Country.
Special Cable to The Call an. the New. York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gor
don Bennett.
LONDON, July 15.— 1f any bu
bonic plague scare arises now,
the British Medical Journal will
have started it. In an article
published to-day the Journal
traces the gradual determined
spread of the plague through
India and Persia right over to
Africa, over Mauritius, Mada
gascar, Central Africa and
Lower Egypt. Though Europe
has escaped so far, it is blind
folly to imagine that it is safe.
Therefore, says the Journal,
every European country should
find money for a large medical
expedition to go into the ef
fected countries, that being the
only thing to be done, if the
plague Is to be combated at all.
NEW YORK, July 15.— New York
physicians heard with considerable in- ;
terest the statement of the British
Medical Journal that Europe is unsafe
while the plague is allowed to rage in
the affected countries. While agreeing
with the publication that too much care
cannot be taken in Europe, they ex
pressed no fear that the disease would
spread to this country. Dr. George F.
Shrady said:
"The occurrence of new cases of bu
bonic plague in Alexandria, and the ap
parent inability of the local authorities
to cope with the situation, are matters
of deep concern, as threatening a pos
sible spread of the disease to Europe.
Making due allowance for exaggeration
In the reports that the population of
-infected districts is openly opposed to
preventive and remedial measures,
there is no question that more strin
gent regulations are necessary, than
have heretofore been attempted.
"Essentially a filth disease, the spe
cific germ readily propagates Itself amid
favoring conditions of extreme poverty,
dense crowding of individuals, food pri
vation, contaminated soil and general
insalubrious surroundings. Everything
depends upon the promptness with
which the pest is attacked at its source.
"What is needed most of all is a uni
form system of quarantine, in which
all the leading powers of Europe and
Asia should take an active part."
_ Dr. Alvah H. Doty, health officer of
the port, is an authority on bubonic
plague, its germs and transmission; j He
went to Egypt- about- four > years' ago
to make a special study of this sub
. ject and of cholera in connection with
his official duties.
"I believe the statement that the
plague might visit Europe and this
country very much overdrawn," Dr.
Doty declared to-day. "The cleanli
ness of the people here, the fresh air,'
the good sewerage, the perfect sanitary
arrangements, the competent health
officials, and Intelligence of the peo
ple in co-operating with the health au
thorities, are conditions- under which
the plague could not survive. I have
not one-tenth the fear" of ' bubonic
plague as I have of ' diphtheria in this
country. About the only danger of the
plague entering.- the country is from
the Western coast,* the route from India ]
to this country being shorter across the j
Pacific. There is a" Federal, and the ;
State quarantine' at ' San . Francisco,
and there is little likelihood of any
case of plague evading the vigilance ? of
,either»" ■ *-
. Dr. Cyrus Edson, a recognized au
thority on . contagious diseases, >is • also j
of the opinion that diphtheria- is more*
to be dreaded here than bubonic plague.
GENERAL STRIKE, ORDERED.
Employes of a Brooklyn Railway
System Quit Work.
" NEW YORK. July U.~—lt was announced
at" 2 o'clock this morning that, a tie-up of
the entire Brooklyn Rapid. Transit system
trolley and elevated roads will 'occur at- 5
'o'clock this morning. . General Master,
Workman Parsons,- after a meeting of "the!
executive committee, stated -with the "ac
quiescence -of- District- 1 Muster Workman'
; Pines that the entire .executive committee
of twenty-one- members, representing fif
teen local assemblies; had voted-to strike".'
Conservative figures place the number of I
men who will go out at 4250. -»-..., . •:
• "' ' „ Accidentally Kills .Himself.'
. ' SAN' JOSE. July Adrie'n Bennett,
aged 16. -accidentally shot and killed' him
selfabout- 7 o'clock this*: morning a short
distance above Congress Ha 11... He and his
brother Loide. two years younger, ' were
hunting.' Adrien had fired a pistol.- and
while he was wiping: out the- barrel -th*
I weapon -was- discharged, the .bullet, enter
! ing his heart.
j Cheap Prices.
'*l Fruit Jars
Pints, per doz., 40 cts.
Quarts, .per doz , 50 cts.
ii*' Half gallon, per doz., 65 cts.
| Jelly Glasses.
&• Coy. per doz 25c.
i; It Pays to Come to
Tfjreat American JmportiocTeaC o -
£6l Market st., op- 355 Hayes st.
poslte Powell. 1008 Fillmore st.
, ; 140 Sixth st. . 606 Kearny st.
; 2610 Mission 6t., KM Sixteenth st
near 21st. , ISI9 Devisadero st.
1419 Polk st. 705 Larkln st. .:;,*? vvT".
■■• ■ _ 146 Ninth, st. :> 3285 Mission st.
. - 62 1 i Montgomery 2732 Twenty-fourth;. -
. avenue. .• » street. ; ■ .
818 Third St. 62 Market st. -.;
I BIG PRESENTS FREE
;■,:>•.;.:: — — ;'*'.;•-,*.?_
TEAS.. COFFEES, SPICES.
BRIEF DELAYS IN
THE WESTWARD RUN
Difficulties Overcome by the Automo
bile and Great Enthusiasm Shown
All Along the Route.
BY JOHN D. DAVIS.
HUDSON, N. V.. July 15.—
From Poughkeepsie the
run to-day was fast and
fine, the motor working
perfectly until we
reached Red Hook, where a new
road, apparently solid, gave
way, throwing the carriage into
the ditch, but not upsetting it.
The sudden jar snapped a brass
casting that controls the valve
on the rear cylinder. It took
nearly three hours to repair the
break, and then it was done
with a bit of brass and some
solder.
We struck some speed later,
and the friction ' melted the
solder, causing a second delay
of half an hour. The solder
again gave way, and we came
into Hudson at 5 o'clock with one
cylinder working.
The roads to-day were excel
lent at times, and again miser
able. Our road meter shows a
distance of fifty-seven miles
traveled. We used five gallons
of gasoline.
All grades were easily made,
most of them at second speed.
The entire route has been the
scene of a continual reception,
people having been out every
where to greet us and express
interest in the trip and the car
riage. To-night a new combina
tion of steel is being made, and
we will be ready to start early
in the morning.
Colonel Charles S. Rogers, for
merly of Governor Flower's
staff, entertained us this even
ing.
BAD ROADS TRAVERSED
B^THE AUTOMOBILE
But the Machine Is Now in Good
Running Order, and Better (
Time Will Be Made.
HUDSON, N. T., July 15.— Weary but
not in the least disheartened by exas
perating accidents and tantalizing al
ternating of good and bad roads that
have thus far made their progress In
the automobile tour from New York to
San Francisco slow. Mr. and Mrs. Da
vis came into town on a very badly
crippled motor at 5 o'clock this after
noon. The roadometer shows fifty-
MANY CONVICTS
POSSESS KNIVES
— —
Inmates of San Quentin
. •'<{ k\ Armed.
— • —
PRISON DIRECTORS MARVEL
— » —
HARSH MEASURES SEEMINGLY
-•.. NOT EFFECTIVE,
'•' ***
'. Two More Prisoners Are Given Soli
j ',■ Votary, Confinement for . Life for
. v. -:;.». *7 .* ' Infractions of the
'-• ,'•*■■■' Rules.
♦
i ;"; ). Special Dispatch to The Call.
J SAN QUENTIN PRISON, July. 15.—
. Frank Hunter, a convict, was brought
■before the Board of State Prison Direc
tors at to-day's session, to be disciplin- ;
cd. When Hunter entered the room the |
board and several prison officials were j
seated . carelessly .around a table, en
gaged in conversation. In less than i
; two minutes^ he had every member of j
j the board simply, dumfounded by his;
i .statements. ?He : was", charged with
j smoking opium : in his cell- and having
■ a, vdeadly. -i.weapon* in jj his' possession.
i Hunter ' claimed he had the knife on his
; jpersbh'.^by "accident and added that his .
punishment should not.be made too se- j
i vere, because there were a. dozen such )
knives. in. the possession of convicts in
' the jute mill,' and the facts were known j
6b 'thi prison officials.. 7. "• "
•What's that?" fairly yelled, the im- j
perturbable Devlin, starting from his j
chair., -.dozen: such knives as. these" ,
h — holding up ; the .*six inch dirk offered i
as evidence— "when this board only re- ;
cently made an order that no knives
were to be permitted prisoners and fixed :
life Imprisonment in the incorrigible
ward as punishment for a violation of i
the rule?" „, '■ _-
"How about that, warden? demanded :
President Fitzgerald. Warden Aguirre !
mutely turned to Captain of the Yard I
Edgar, who admitted that if the knives j
were in the mill he did not know it. !
Couriers were hastily dispatched for ;
Chief Alden of the jute mill police and j
! Guard Randolph. Alden declared that
only two such weapons were in use to
his knowledge, and that they were used
for cutting holes in belting. All the
directors declared that a knife with an
inch blade was sufficient for such a
purpose and Director Devlin added. that I
the incorrigible cells would soon be |
filled if better discipline were not main- j
tamed. .
Hunter was sent to the Incorrigible
ward for life, as was William Phelan.
for having struck another prisoner oyer
the head with a shuttle in the jute mill.
- Warden Aguirre's report contained a
number of recommendations as regards
| prison reforms. A suggestion that the
yard be better lighted by electricity met
i the favor of the board: Better bathing
facilities were represented as an abso
lute necessity. The cost of construct
ing two bath houses will approximate
$1100. On motion of Wilkins it was de
cided that the cost of each be estimated
In order that they may be built sepa
rately. WardertVAguirre was authorized
to place an iron pipe railing aroui.d.the
main" prison wall in place of the present
wooden railing, which is in so rickety a
condition as to render patrol duty dan
gerous.
The report of L. Wadham, the expert
of, the .board, shows that the; available
funds for the. flf.ty-flrst fiscal ! year,:' are
$329,345 81; the amount due for grain
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 16. 1899.
J seven miles covered, and Mr. Davis
says five gallons of gasoline was used.
j The travelers were entertained by Col-
I onel Charles S. Rogers, formerly of
! Governor Flower's staff, to-night. Their
, troubles began at Red Hook. The
trip from Poughkeepsie had been pleas
i ant and easy up to that point. They
i found the only road through the village
torn up by roadmakers. who, believing
that a firm foundation Is a good begin
i ning in road construction, had piled the
; street full of rocks, varying from six to
j ten inches in diameter. They left a side
! space of .apparently hard dirt, and Mr.
; Davis steered for this, only to find it
i soft and yielding. _ One side of the mo
! tor instantly sank, and the carriage
! would have been overturned had not
Mr. Davis skillfully headed it into the
! ditch. The motor could not be stopped
until after it had climbed the sidewalk
| and had threatened the destruction of
a fence. In mounting the patch, the
pettycock of the motor with which Mr.
Davis has had so much trouble, and the
brass valve adjuster, or controller, were
broken. V ■
The accident necessitated a three
mile tramp to a blacksmith shop that
proved fruitless. The .controller was
soldered and a new seat was made. As
soon as speed was made the solder
melted and another delay ensued. The
crack in the controller was finally
closed by means of wire and the jour
ney was once more resumed, although
only a slow rate of speed could be
taken. No further accidents and no in
; cidents worthy of note occurred.
Mr. and Mrs. Davis have been re
' ceived with great enthusiasm during
bags sold and not yet delivered, $101,
--759 90.
In executive session the board decided
to recommend Albert Gress to the Gov
ernor for a pardon. He has two years
more to serve on an eight-year sen
tence from Tuolumne County for man
slaughter, but is dying of consumption.
The "Warden reported that he had found
it expedient to give the convicts con
fined in the .incorrigible cells a little
light reading matter once each month.
His grain bag and jute report varied
only slightly from last month.
BULLS FIGHT OVER
HIS SENSELESS BGHY
Point Reyes Lad Pays Dearly for an
Attempt to Separate En
raged Animals.
POINT REYES STATION, July 15.—
Two fierce bulls, one owned by P. Rein
hold and the other by a neighbor, were
engaged in a terrific contest in Rein
hold's barn yard yesterday. The farmer's
eleven-year-old son entered the yard and
tried by throwing stones to make them
cease fighting. Both of the infuriated ani
mals rushed at the lad at the same in
stant. He ran for the barn and was over
taken while opening the door. As they
tried to gore him the horns of the infuri
ated animals became locKed and they
again started to battle over the boy's
prostrate form. _ ■ .
Hearing his agonized cries for help, a
farm employe rushed to the scene and,
perceiving the little fellow's plight, he
quickly procured a pitchfork and started
to jab both the bulls with a will. His
determined assault was victorious and the
enraged animals were put to flight.
The unconscious boy was carried to the
house and Dr. Cavanaugh was summoned.
He found that his patient's right hip had
been disjointed, his leg badly torn and
other injuries of a minor nature received.
While the wounds are severe, no fatal
result is expected. - /
■ • ,_-\
SOCIETY WOMEN TO ;■■•
RACE WITH AUTOMOBILES:
•■'.'■  \ '-•.--.-"'.:*'-
Mrs. Herman Oelrichs and Mrs. Lor
illard Spencer Will Be .the 37 ,
Competitors. '':"''■ -..*.■ ;_. ■
NEW YORK, July 15.— A Newport spe
cial to a morning paper says: '• Society, is
to have a new sensation. Mrs. Herman
Oelrichs is to have a match' race with
automobiles next , week, , her competitor
being Mrs. I.orillard Spencer, wife of the
gentleman who owns the Illustrated
American. The terms of the match have
not been definitely arranged, but there
will be a .stake, and already considerable
money has been wagered on the result.
No book has as yet been made, but it is
pretty generally understood . here- that
Mrs. Oelrichs will be favorite in the bet
ting.
It is confidently expected she will carry
a good deal cf money at 3 to 5, Mrs. Spen
cer being quoted at about 6 to 5.
: On "form" Mrs. - Oelrichs should win.
She has done some trial trips in sur
prisingly fast time and understands- the
mechanism of her auto perfectly. - Mrs.
Spencer, . however, stands a good chance
of winning out, and persons who have
seen her speeding along the cliffs at dawn
predict a great future for her.
. - ♦ ■ — ' — '.- > -
BACK FROM DAWSON.
City of Seattle Brings a Large Party
. of Klondikers. ■■'- 'v *
VICTORIA, B. C, July 15.-The steamer
City of Seattle arrived from Alaska to
night with 200 passengers. .. About 130 • of
them were from Dawson,. most of them
in comfortable circumstances. J.. K. La
rlen of Montreal is said to be the richest
one. He has been in the Klondike ! sev
eral years. Mr. Hope of Tacoma brought
out $15,000. XV. Gasford of Tacoma is cred
ited with $20,000. >■
•
Prospecting for ■ Oil. \
SUISUN. July ,15.— Last February J a
company was organized to bore for. oil
on the Page tract near Cordelia, The
necessary machinery/ was procured and
operations commenced. When a depth, of
400 feet had been attained a flow of na
tural gas was discovered. The prospects
looked most favorable and hopes of strik
ing oil were entertained. About the lat
ter-part of last month it was found that
their- passage through Duchess and Co
lumbia counties and have received
many invitations stop with residents
counties and have received
ivltatlons to stop with residents
along the route. After the accident at
Red Hook they were met by a farmer,
who insisted on dining them at his
home. The motor has proved a great
novelty in the rural districts. At Liv
ingston a ball game was in progress as
the motor approached. At first sight
of the strange wagon going without
horses the umpire called the game, and
the crowd that a moment before had
been cheering the winning side lined
up in a pose of open-mouthed wonder
ment against the fence. The only op
position was shown at Red Hook, where
a burly roadmaster, who was also con
stable, threatened Mr. Davis because
he had not an outrider preceding him
to warn horsemen of his approach.
Ea ball game was say of the con
or approached. At first sight
trange wagon going without
he umpire called the game, and
yd that a moment before had
eering the winning side lined
po*se of open-mouthed wonder
rainst the fence. The only op
was shown at Red Hook, where
roadmaster, who was also con
threatened Mr. Davis because
not an outrider preceding him
horsemen of his approach,
ivis has much to say of the con
dition of the roads. He finds stretches
of the finest that could be desired, and
then long reaches of the most execrable
that could be imagined, turf and big
stones being materials used in annual
roadmaking as conducted under the ex
isting management. The broken parts
of the motor were replaced at a ma
chine shop in this city this evening, and
Mr. Davis now thinks his troubles from
breaks are at an end. He says the car
riage Is getting into excellent condition,
the severe tests given it in climbing
over the hills from Yonkers to Pough
keepsie having worn it more nearly to
! the ease of the bearings required for
' fast running and for the prevention of
I .those kinks and binding that character
' ize the operation of all new machinery.
Mr. Davis is suffering severely from an
"automobile arm." a painful condition
of muscles similar to rheumatism. He
would have gone on to Albany to-night
but for the pain in his arm, partly
i caused by a bad wrench received when
! he went into the ditch at Red Hook.
The start for Albany will be made
' earl*-* to-morrow morning, where a stop
i for breakfast will be made.
the well kept caving in and filling up
faster than the dirt could be removed
and in consequence work "was suspended
for several days. It has now been de
cided to move the plant to another spot
on the same land and the company feels
certain petroleum will be reached. *. - A
new mill will be started at once.
WHITNEY TO RACE
ON ENGLISH TRACKS
Was a Heavy Purchaser at the Sale
of Haggin Yearlings at
--:' Newmarket.
NEW YORK, July 15.— World cable
from London says: It was made certain
this week that William C. Whitney will
establish a racing stable in England. At
the sale of yearlings from James B. Hag
gin's California ranch two highest priced
horses were bought for Mr. Whitney—
filly by St. Simon-Ornis, at $10,000 (2000
guineas), and a Goldfinch-Fleurette colt,
at $9250 (1850 guineas). Besides a number
of yearlings were bought by Purcell Gill
pin, who will train and race them here
tor Mr. Whitney. .= .-
Mr. Haggin's eighty-seven yearlings
were landed here in wonderful condition,
considering the distance they had jour
neyed. A the sale was absolutely with
out reserve, all but two were disposed of.
Infinitely the best of the lot was Mr.
Whitney's prize, the Goldfinch-Fleurette
colt. It is generally considered that no
finer colt ever entered a sale ring. Th**.
total realized at the sale was $51,888, an
average of $600. •"x
_■>
SLOAN CONTINUES TO WIN.
His Mount . Takes the National
Breeders' Produce Stakes.
LONDON, July 15.— At Sandowne Park
to-day L. Reiff. the American jockey, won
the Cobham plate on Richard Croker's
Knickerbocker. Dominican was second
and Earl of Annadale third.
Tod Sloan won the National Breeders'
produce stakes on Democrat. Forfarshire
was second and Salina, ridden by L. Reiff,
was third. Eleven horses ran. The bet
ting was 7 to 4 against Democrat. This
event is for foals of 1897 • and is of 5000
sovereigns, the breeder of the winner to
receive WO sovereigns, the breeder and
owner of the second. each 200 sovereigns
and the breeder and owner of the third
each 100 sovereigns out of the race.
Sloan won the Warren Nursery, 500 sov
ereigns, on Pedometer, owned by Lord
William Beresford, in a field of sixteen.
Robino was second and Chillago' third
The betting was 100 to 30 against Ped
ometer. ..'.>-..":
STEVENS IN FRONT.
Wins the National Half-Mile Bicycle
Championship.
BUFFALO. N. V., July 15— The grand
circuit meet of the National Cycling As
sociation at Athletic field this , afternoon
was poorly attended. The feature was the
half-mile national championship, in which
were entered Owen Kimble, Tom Cooper,
F. A. McFarland, O. L. Stevens. ! Earl
Riser and other well known riders. It was
won by Stevens In a \ very close finish
with Kimble and Cooper. In the. two-mile
professional the flyers were never in it,
the other riders being given so much lee
way. Results: ".' ■---.".•.:• •/".---.:..'-
Half-mile. National handicap, profes
sional: ' Final heat O. L. Stevens first,
Owen i Kimble second. Tom Cooper third.
Earl Kiser fourth.. Time, - :59 4-5.
Two-mile professional handicap, one
heat only— Otto Maya, Erie, Pa., 130 yards,,
won; E. M. Fisher. Buffalo, 160 yards.'
second; Saxon Williams, Buffalo, 190
yards, third; Ben Cleveland,* Tonawanda,
N. V., 275 yards, fourth. Time, 4:151-5.
Maimed in a Grain Header.
'SALINAS, : July 15.— George Feez, a
prominent rancher residing southeast of
this city, was -caught in a grain header
this 'afternoon and badly cut about the
head, arms and face. Arteries were sev
ered and the patient probably will die.
Feez. was .down in front of the header
when the team started and he was caught
between the blades and the revolving
thrower. x- .
Identifies His Son's Body.
. SACRAMENTO) July 15.— P. O. Bald
win, a farmer of .Dospalos,. Merced
County, came -to this city and identified
the body of the 'youth who was killed a
few nights ago by- falling under the
wheels of a car as that of his .son, Carl.
The lad • left home on the 18th of June
and the family did not know, of his where
abouts until his body . was found at the
Morgue' here.
CLAIMANTS FOR
LAND AND TITLES
Two Interesting Con
tests in England.
"Jif — • —
ONE PRIZE A DUKEDOM
— * —
STRANGE STORY TOLD BY THE
ASPIRANT. S^'ii
i-'.7*-r-— ♦— — -
Declares He Is the Supposedly Dead
Lord Charles Hamilton,
Whose Burial Was a
Bogus One.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
LONDON, July 15.— People were
growing tired of dukedom and earl
dom claimant cases, about which so
much interest was aroused, and we
had not heard anything about them for
a long time, but they have suddenly
come to the front again. Two of the
most important are the claims to the
dukedom of Hamilton .and the.earldrom
of Buchan, and they are now creating
a sensation in Scotland.
Colin G. Hamilton, the claimant,
made his appearance on the Island of
Auan, which is one of the Hamilton
possessions, and took up his residence
in Brodick Hotel, but the angry na
" tives made it too hot for him, and he
is now In Glasgow working up his case.
He is following the plan of the well
known Mrs. Druce, and claims that he
is the supposedly dead Lord Charles
Hamilton, whose burial was a bogus
one, and that the grave is full of
bricks. One thing true is that no med
ical attendant was present at the
death of Lord Charles, an undertaker
at Nice signing the certificate of death.
The story is published in the Morning
Leader, however, that Gunn's story is
true, not about Lord Charles but con
cerning the method employed to. rid the
country of a near relative now domi
ciled in the State:, and criminally afraid
to set foot in England. The case is to
come before the court shortly, and is
expected to be a prolonged one.
Two claimants to the earldom of
Buchan have come to an arrangement.
Erskine, the Chile claimant, is to stand
j aside, while Milton Bradford, the Lon
'■ don solicitor, has his try; then, Brad
ford failing, Erskine will have a shot
at it. - ••
A lot of fun may be made of Mrs. i
i Druce in her claim for the Portland
title on behalf of her son, but there is
! something pathetic in the persistency
1 with which she is pursuing it. It is not
j so much the faith she has in her story
which is amazing, but the number of
people whom she has contrived to » win
I over to her side. She evidently ceased
! her activity only through having spent
all her ample means in her melancholy
1 chase after a bigger fortune and title
for her son, but about $100,000 has been
raised by private subscription, and
! soon she will appear in the law courts
to lodge an appeal against the last de
cision for an opening of the Druce
vaults, which went against her.
MAYBRICK WAS AN
EATER OF ARSENIC
Important Evidence Placed in the
7 Hands of Embassador
'■;':"■ t _i;'.' Choate.
NEW YORK, July 15.— A Norfolk.
Va;, special to the Herald says: Prob
ably the most important bit of late evi
dence brought to light In the case of
Mrs % Maybrick has been furnished by
C. F Greenwood, a jeweler of this city.
Mr. Greenwood does not believe that
Mrs. Maybri-k poisoned her husband,
but that his death was due to his long
use of arsenic. He has made a sworn
statement that Maybrick was an ar
senic toper. The affidavit has been sent
to the State Department, and through
that department to Embassador Choate
in London. -;
Mr. Greenwood says that several
years ago, when the May bricks resided
in Norfolk, he became acquainted with
Mr. May brick's passion for arsenic.
"He came' into my store one day," said
Mr. Greenwood, "and taking a small pack
age from his vest pocket extracted a tab
let. Holding it in view he said: 'Green
wood, if you took that 1 guess it would
kill you.' I asked him what It was.
'Arsenic,' he replied. Surprised, I said:
'Why do you take them? Some day
thev*'ll kill you." To which Maybrick
ligHtly replied that the tablets relieved
him of nervousness, from which he suf
fered.
"It's a well known fact that Maybrick
was a confirmed arsenic eatsr. Why,
there are numbers of people here who can
testify to the fact. 1 made the affidavit
because I was and am still impressed with
the belief that if efforts in Mrs. May
brick's behalf are continued it will be
demonstrated beyond a reasonable doubt
that she is what I believe her to be — in
nocent of the foul crime for which she has
been so unjustly punished."
NAPA ASYLUM INQUIRY.
Rumors Concerning the Management
to Be Investigated.
SACRAMENTO. July 15.— The State
Commission in Lunacy held a meeting to
] day to consider asylum affairs. It was
j agreed on account of the rumors of mis
management to make an investigation of
Napa at an early date. In speaking of
to-day's meeting Dr. F. XV. Hatch, Super
intendent of State Hospitals, said: -
"We know nothing concerning Napa ex-
I cept rumor, and judgment should be sus
, pended until we have had time to inves-
I tigate." -" .
The testimony in the Agnews matter has
' not yet been printed. It Is the Intention
to send copies of the testimony to every
member of the commission, and after all
; have had time to read and digest it to
| hold a joint meeting with the Board of
Trustees of the Agnews asylum and de-
I cide what should be done. Until the mat
| ter is decided the Napa matter will not be
taken up. -
Stockton Hotel Attached.
STOCKTON. July 15.— Yosemite, the
' leading hotel in this city, which for some
i time has been under the management of
F A Shepherd, was attached this after
! noon and is now in charge of a Constable.
The first attachment was for only a small
; amount but served to precipitate similar
' action by a number or local tradesmen
1 and employes. It was with difficulty .that
I arrangements were made so that guests
j -were served with dinner. The place will
I not close, but for the present is running
1 under the direction of creditors. Shepherd
I | came here from Los Angeles. V
• /:- — : — ■♦■■- '
| Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. | J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
4 4 You Never Miss the Water
•■'• Tilt the Welt Runs Dry/
We never realize the value of health
until it is gone. When old time strength
and vigor are wanting, purify the blood
by taking Hood's Sarsaparilla; soon re-
stored appetite, perfect digestion, steady
; nerves and even temper will prove it is
bringing back the glow of perfect health.
ADVERTISEMENTS^^ r
DR. ABORN
554 SUTTER STREET, above Powell. n
Eye, Ear, Nose, Throat and
Lung Specialist.
One of the first physicians on the American continent, over "J^V
years ago, to make diseases of the above-named organs a spec ••* £ j
well as all affections of the digestive organs and nervous and enrom-
dlSe ms antiseptic germicial inhalation and building up and rm^ n l 0 t^ Zln t f
treatment are the most rational and successful methods Kno i_
modern science. While on the Pacific Coast, from 69 to \°' m stm
cess was phenomenal, and many whom he cured at -that, time _ar_
livin*? and remain permanently well, after a lapse of 25^ to 30_years. RE-
His patients almost invariably EXPERIENCE IMMEDIATE nt.
LIEF and gain in weight 10 to 30 pounds in 30 to 60 days. , . d , n mqst
A thorough course of treatment is prepared and furnished in gj? J
cases upon the first consultation, which can be used at the patwni b
home. HOME TREATMENT through correspondence for tnose J\"" '*
side In remote parts of the State and adjoining States and Territories
who cannot call personally. "7Vv_-- „ _.., +VI _ v i. ■
DR. ABORN'S "Essay on the Curability of Consumption, witn cvi
dences of some extraordinary cures, can be had upon application.
HIGH INDORSEMENTS.
While located in Washington. D. C. . prior to his visit to San Fr*inc.*oo Cal..
thirty years ago, Dr. Aborn treated and cured the most noted men of the nation.
THROAT AND LUNGS.
The New Theory for Diseases o. the Air Passages. A Word
. From an Old School Physician as to Its Merits.
There are many systems of medicine by which we attempt. to heal the human
body, and make It free of disease, ranging from the science of Allopathy down to in**,
of Hydropathy.. How far they have succeeded time has abundantly shown , Dy me
number of their failures, as well as by the number and nature of their *.ures t
In the cure of pulmonary disease. Dr. Aborn has stepped out of the old » e *J""
track, and adopted a system so simple, direct and natural as to ***?^™ e pr d-fvlnK
all who are suffering from catarrh and disease of the lungs, of a character _et>ing
cure by any of the old methods of treatment. _______»_ a -~_-.__._r
Although from childhood I have been raised, and also went through a regular
course and graduated as an Allopathist. yet a strict T love of what is rig *™ nest.
as well as PERSONAL BENEFIT RECEIVED BT THE NEW SYSTEM as V/""cea
by Dr. Ahorn, teaches me to bear some testimony to Its merits for the benefit ot *" ncr
ing humanity. A. FALCONER, M. D., Lawrence*. llle, Pa.
February 5, 1867.
From Hon. John Covode, M. C, Pennsylvania.
WASHINGTON. D. C, June 12, 1888.
For more than a year I suffered Inconvenience from deafness and * c ™?i*"l
sounding in my ear. On the 21st of May I applied for relief to Dr. Aborn. « J?"**^*?
me at once, and from that day to this I have had no difficulty of^any kind with mj
hearing. Truly . JOHN CO\ ODE. M. C, Pa.
From Hon. James A. Johnson ex-Member of Congress and ex-Lieu-
tenant Governor of California.
WASHINGTON. D. C, February 24, 1569.
To Whom It May Concern-Having been a sufferer from catarrh and a severe
bronchial affection for more than seven years, and having found Se at .i*"" ,„
submitting myself to Dr. Aborn's treatment for a few days only, I take r'caiiiire in
saving. Dr. Aborn with his new and improved rnstmments for local application to
the lungs, air-passages, eyes and ears, should encourage all who are ainictea : in
those parts to cherish a lively hope that they may find quick and T permanent renet.
Very truly, JAMES A. JOHNSON, M. _.
A Letter From Professor A. Livezey.
PHILADELPHIA. Pa . March 8. 1569.
DR. ABORN-Dear Sir: As I understand that you purpose visiting the Pacific
professionally, at the solicitation of a large number of Influential citizens. I confidently
anticipate that you will be blessed with that large patronage which your peculiar
genius and skill have elsewhere obtained, and which your great success in your
profession so Justly merits. . ... _...» v .
The noted celebrity which you have already achieved In your specialties must be (
as peculiarly gratifying to yourself as it Is to your friends. -„*»_-«-_.
With the sincere desire that you may continue in the future to relieve sunenng
humanity as you have done in the past, I remain yours truly,
ABRM. Ll\ EZEY, A._i.. JM-y-
Ex- Professor of Surgery. Obstetrics and Diseases of Women and Children: Clinical
Lecturer, etc., etc., In the Philadelphia University of Medicine and Surgery, etc., etc.
From HON. J. S. CLARES' ».-, ex-FIRST ASSISTANT POSTMASTER GENERAL,
lowa State Register Of flee, Editorial Department, Dcs Moines. October 10. 1863.
To Whom It May Concern— , ._.__.-_ »« v._
1 can freely say of Dr. Aborn, to whom this letter Is given, that I have for him
high esteem as a gentleman and as a physician. I have been for some time ac-
quainted with him quite intimately, and have ever found him thoroughly a gentleman,
straightforward in business, and prompt In action as in promise. As a physician he
has In this city, where he sojourned during the summer, given proof of great, If not
remarkable, skill. I am acquainted with many of the persons in this State whom he
has cured of diseases that were considered incurable, and have been at several times
a witness to his exaertness In difficult cases. J. S. CLARKSON, Editor Register.
His Former Visit to the Pacific Coast.
Dr Aborn arrived In San Francisco on the 21st day of October, 1869, from Wash-
ington' D C. On his arrival he brought letters of Introduction to several gentlemen
who have worthily tilled the highest offices in the gift of the people. Among these
was one of the Hon. James A. Johnson, then a member of Congress from California,
to his Excellency, Frank McCoppln, then Mayor of San Francisco, which :is hereto
appended:— -WASHINGTON. D. C, February 24. 1569.
DEAR SIR:— will Introduce Dr. Aborn, for whom I ask the consideration to
which he, as a man of science and skill In his profession, is entitled. I have personal
knowledge of some wonderful cures wrought by his treatment. I can most cheerfully
recommend him to you and all my California friends. Respectfully and truly.
JAMES A. JOHNSON. M. C.
His Honor, Mayor FRANK MeCOPPIN. San Francisco. California.
EVIDENCES OF DR. ABORN'S SUCCESS IN SAN FRANCISCO.
From Hon. S. 0. Houghton, California.
SAN JOSE. November 23. 1869.
I have been afflicted with severe nasal catarrh for two years, which a few months
since extended to my throat, producing a distressing cough and seriously impairing my
health generally. I have been under the treatment of Dr. Aborn for about three
weeks and have been already greatly relieved, my cough has almost disappeared, and
my health greatly improved. By one application Dr. Aborn relieved me of a severe
neuralgic pain, and with four applications It was entirely cured. „„„„„__„
S. O. HOUGHTON.
From Charles N. Fox, Esq.
.Office of Campbell. Fox & Campbell, Attorneys and Counsellors at Law. No. 628
California St.)
SAN FRANCISCO. February 19. 1870.
Were it not for the good which I hope It may have done to suffering humanity, by
informing them where they could find relief. I should regret having given Dr. Aborn
my little testimonial of the 10th January*, for the demands made upon my time in
answering inquiries In regard to him have been more numerous than profitable to me;
and still they come. . _. _ _:.-; •'••- ____________
' To save the necessltv for further personal application, let me say to those who
care for my opinion that time has only strengthened my first favorable opinion of Dr.
Aborn, and my confidence In
THE PERMANENCE OF THE CURE
Effected by him. All my difficulty arose from catarrh, which had become of a serious
character affecting the hearing and the throat, giving me at times acute pains and at
others rumbling sounds In the ears, frequent headaches, and so seriously affecting the
bronchial tubes as to sometimes disable me from public speaking. It Is all gone, and
the change was produced, not by the absurd practice of putting medicines into the
stomach which was not affected, but by the skillful application of medicinal remedies
directly to the parts which were diseased. I have found the Doctor a gentleman in his
intercourse and business, and the Judgment that I have formed of him professionally
is that he is a regular physician, thoroughly acquainted with the anatomy of the hu-
man body, and possessing a remarkable degree of skill in the treatment of those
diseases which he makes his specialty. CHARLES If. FOX.
\. Lieut. -Governor Holden's Card.
£S „*.-"- ■■'■:' SAN FRANCISCO, April '. 1870.
Having suffered nine or ten years with a throat and bronchial affection. I applied
to nr Aborn at San Francisco, who has treated me for about two months. I feel it
mv duty to state for the benefit of those afflicted in like manner, that I found im-
mediate and' I think, permanent relief from his treatment, and that I consider his
treatment scientific, an<fthat the Doctor is master of^hle g^ston.
B. P. Clement's Card. 7^.7. 7;
Law Office of R. P. * Jabish Clement, No. 61 Exchange building. San Francisco, Cal.—
rm ABOHX- Dear Sir: I have thought that possibly you might be pleased to
nR aborn- -Dear Sir: I have thought that possibly you might be pleased to
know the condition of the little school girl, Mary Morris, whom you treated some
"" , hs aeo at my request, and who. you will remember, was nearly deaf and serl-
m miv afflicted with some bronchial trouble when she went to you. She Is now en-
tirely cured both of deafness and bronchial affection, and declares that she was
«,ih«t«ntlally cured on her first visit to you. She and her parents are very grateful
to you and think It is wholly due to your skill that her hearing and health are re-
stored." Yours truly, X - p - CLEMENT,
EVIDENCES OF THE PERMANENCY OF DR. ABORN'S CURES
Bronchial and Lung Affection Remains Permanently Cured After a
Lapse of Twenty-three Years Letter From Mr. Thos. Hatton,
a Well-Known and Prominent Citizen of Dcs Moines, lowa.
Th-mns Hatton, Real Estate Loans and Investment Agency, 310 Fifth street.
Thomas "_ __ s __ QUiES _ Ia ____ 29 _ lg99 _
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:
The undersigned, a resident of the city of Dcs Moines for the past thirty-seven
years desires to bear testimony to the skill of . Dr. Aborn in the treatment of pul-
monary and kindred complaints. About the year 1876 I was very seriously afflicted
with bronchial and lung troubles: in fact, had two or three quite severe hemorrhages
and my left lung was practically useless. Dr. Aborn treated me constitutionally and
hv local inhalation applications, and within two months' time I was practically
cured I continued the treatment for some time longer and have never suffered a day
since 'from any trouble of the kind. And my lungs and bronchial tubes have been
sound I believe, as any one's could be, and are at the present time, after a lapse
of twenty-three-years. I have . known the doctor and of his successful practice for the
past thirty the doctor's practice at ._____________:''- personally knew of a number of people
During the doctor's practice at that time I personally knew of a number of people
whom he treated with pronounced success. From my own personal experience and
observation of his treatment of others I believe the doctor to be capable of dotna a
ereat good to person* afflicted with such troubles. Very respectfully, " *
■ ... :* . ..*;■*. THOS. HATTON.
/ DEAFNESS AND DISEASE OF. EAB
Remains' Permanently Cured After a Lapse of Thirty Years.
A letter from Hon. B. F. Allen. ex-State Senator and banker of lowa, now located
at Los Angeles: ■■•-■* "■.■"•**.•■ . ■ . __
■_• V Department of the Interior, General Land Office
• LOS ANGELES. Cal., June 7 1899 C *'
TO WHOM -IT MAT CONCERN— ■'..;- . - * *
I hereby wish to bear testimony to the skill of Dr. Aborn In his sneclalttoc
About thirty years ago the doctor treated my daughter for deafness and *««.:
of the ear and gave her instant relief, and soon effected a permanent cure <ay.
remains well to-day after thirty years, the hearing being restored and the dl'sen. 5
ear cured. At the same time I knew of other cases that he treated equally aim.
cessful as that of my daughter. Very respectfully, B. P. ALLEN
J "While There Is Life There Is Hope." -
Dr. Aborn is prepared to give the afflicted the most approved modern nr-i.-m.
treatment for -the various diseases embraced in his specialties. With his IiSS
facilities and large experience in the treatment of throat and lung diseases " wLJS
catarrh, diseases of the eye and ear. affections of the digestive organs nerv™. .vf
tern. etc. Dr. Aborn .is prepared to treat with almost unfailing success all „., J
cases as may come under his care. None should despair, no matter how " severe «
aggravated their cases may be. ' or
Dr. Aborn has given abundant and substantial evidences of his wonderful ,
cess In restoring his patients to perfect health after all the ordinary method- h«7?_
failed. The parties from whom Dr. Aborn has received the most- flattering ♦»=«
monials are well known and influential citizens, who have given* their rank in 51
public, not only because of their gratitude to Dr. Aborn, but with the sincere .!_,_,• ■
to benefit their fellow sufferers, by assuring them that health and happiness i tw,. .
exemption from suffering, are also within their reach, by an intelligent rec'o_ni.iV_ .
the great superiority of Dr. Aborn's great modern method of treatment. *-* on »*-
DR. ABORN'S OFFI^E~AND RESIDENCE
554 SUTTER ST., between Powell arid Mason, San Francisco Gal.
Sutter-street cars from Market-street ferry pass the door. Electric ca
San Jose depot, corner Third and Townsend streets, transfer to Powell 77 at
of Ellis; get off corner Sutter and Powell streets. "cv corner
OFFICE HOURS. 9:30 to 12, and 2 to 4. -POPE WILL
NOW CHOOSE A
NEW PRIMATE
Latin - American Catholic
Church Severed From
Spanish Control.
kIDED^F COUNCIL
— .+ —
Diplomatic .Straggle at the Vatican
Between Representatives of
South American Republics.
— ♦ —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ROME, July 15.— The Pope is. much
pleased at the success of the council of
Bishops of the Latin-American church,
which has just concluded its delibera
tions at Rome. Subjects which were
expected to show differences of opinion
almost impossible to reconcile were,
disposed of with a minimum of friction.
Perhaps the most important was the
scheme for severing the Latin-Ameri
can episcopate from the jurisdiction
and control of the Spanish Primate.
This was finally imposed, despite ve
hement protests from the Spanish
church. Henceforth the church of
South America- will have an American
born primate chosen by the Pope him
self, ij
In future, also, there will be an Iden
tical liturgy, ecclesiastical code, etc.,
for South American churches, irrespec
tive of the states wherein they are lo
ted
The council's report was submitted
to the Pope this week and formally ap
proved. The new primate will be
nominated at the next consistory and
will be immediately raised to the dig
nity of Cardinal.
In this connection there is now a
great diplomatic struggle at the Vati
can between the representatives of the
various South American republics.
Each contends for the honor of having
the seat of the new primacy within its
borders.
Chile is furiously jealous at the id*a
of a Cardinal being installed at Buenos
Ayres, on which Argentina insists .by
virtue of her wealth and territorial
greatness. The republic of Brazil joins
issue with Chile on these grounds.
Mexico demands the primacy on ac
count of seniority.
The Pope "will address an encyclical
letter to the Catholics of America with
in a short time.
SAN RAFAEL HUNT
CLUB'S PAPER CHASE
Charles De Young Wins the Trophy
for Gentlemen and Miss Oge
That for Ladies.
SAN RAFAEL, July 15.— 1n an exciting
papereha's© to-day by ' the" San Rafael
Hunt Club Charles de Young carried off
the silver trophy for the gentlemen and
Miss Marie Oge the silver goblet for the
ladies, ii was the first chase of the sea
son and caused quite a flurry among the
devotees of society, who crowded the vi
cinity. of the finish and heartily cheered
the winners.
Lewis Hughes; the "hare," started from
the Hotel Rafael at 4 p. m. 'and In live
minutes the "hounds," about fifteen in
number, were in full chase. The course
was over the Coleman tract to Inspiration
Point, skirting tho line of Towne's ranch
and around by San Pedro Point, whence
a race was made for the flag marking tne
linish at the old golf grounds southeast
of the starting point. - "'.
De Young was the first to reach home,
Miss Oge being a close second. A hard
race occurred between Dr. H. O. Howitt,
Benjamin ' Holliday and S. Stern, whose
steeds crossed the line neck and neck.
The judges were Baron J. H. yon
Schroeder and J. J. Crooks. Among those
*vho participated in the chase were:
Frank Carey. I^wrenre Van Winkle,
Charles de Young. Dr. H. O. Howitt,
Baron Alex yon roeder, S. H. Board
man, Arthur Dibbles. Benjamin Holli
day, Prank Johnson Sr., Mr. and Mrs. S.
St^rn, Frank Johnson Jr., -Mrs. J. J.
Crooks and Miss Marie Oge.
.-.:-'• ■ • • • ■;:■ . -;■:- " -:•:- *' • • • -:-. --v-iy* 3-* <§>*<* ■-"••■-:•:• • !
ANNUAL REMNANT SALE OF
REMNANT SALE
Of all kinds and colors, in
lengths from 2_ to 7 and 8 yds.
THESE ARE A FEW OF THE
MANY
BARGAINS:
> REMNANTS
Of ENGLISIt WHIPCORDS, DRESS
GOODS— wool and mohair, 40 inches
wide, worth 50c;
Only 25c Per Yard. .
REMNANTS
Of ALL-WOOL BROKEN CHECKS.
DRESS GOODS — Double __ width,
goods never sold less than 25c;
Now 11c Per Yard.
REMNANTS
Of FINE FRENCH SHOODA
CLOTHS— AII pure wool, 52 inches
wide, regular $1.00 quality;
Only 50c Per Yard.
REMNANTS
Of EVENING SHADES OF GOOD
QUALITY CASHMERE— inches
wide, worth 35c yard; .*>* -; ■.-■;;
Only 15c Per Yard.
REMNANTS
Of BLACK PIEROLA CREPONS—
In ZVt to" 5 yards for Skirt Lengths,
the Jl.OO. $1.50 and . $2.50 quality, 45
inches wide, very silky;
At Very Low Prices.
On Sale at Market-Street Store Only. .
KOHLBERG,"s™OSr& FROKMAN,
1220, 1222 and 1224 Market Street.
*A*A*<_>*A.K****-stt-**w*-**s****##**^
CADETS WELCOMED AT
SANTA CRUZ
LEAGUE OF CROSS BOYS IN CAMP.
SOME OF THE HUMORS OF CAMP.
/-*^ALL HEADQUARTERS, CAMP
FALLON, SANTA CRUZ, July 15.
FALLON, SANTA CRUZ, July 15.
I Santa Cruz's reception to-night
v—^to the League of the Cross Cadets
was a fitting one. Almost the en
-1 tire population' of the City by the Sea
i turned out and welcomed the well
known organization. A large aggrega
tion waited at the point where the regi
ment disembarked, and on its arrival
in a special train there were cheers and
waving of handkerchiefs. . 7_i v._
The cadets arrived in this city at 6:55
' p. m., their journey to their camping
ground being without accident. The
cadets filled nine passenger cars and
amused themselves en route with songs
and cheering. Immediately upon leav
ing the cars the command formed in
line and marched to Camp Fallon. At
the head of the splendid body of cadets
was its commander, Colonel William P.
Sullivan, Jr., and behind him was his
staff. Then came the band witl>-**hardly
a musician missing, and following in its
footsteps was the fife and drum corps.
The command _ wheeled Into Pacific
avenue shortly after 7 o'clock, and as it
passed by the residents -fluttered hand
kerchiefs at the boys in blue and com
mented favorably on their soldierly_ap
pearance. The summer guests at the
, various resorts stood on verandas and
i watched the cadets march by. The
REMNANT SALE
Of ORGANDIES, LAWNS, DIMI-
TIES. LAPPET LACE and other
thin SUMMER GOODS— From 2 to
10 yards long, were 20c, 25c, 35c and
40c yard;
Now 10c Per Yard.
REMNANT SALE
Of SCOTCH GINGHAM, FRENCH
PERCALE, COVERT SUITINGS,
FRENCH CAMBRIC. ENGLISH
FLANNELETTE. TENNIS FLAN-
NEL, FRENCH SATEENS — All-
wool French Flannels, In lengths
from 2 to 10 yards;
At Greatly Reduced Prices.
REMNANT SALE
Of TABLE DAMASK. TOWELING,
TOWELS, Single Pairs and Half
Pairs of LACE CURTAINS;
CHENILLE PORTIERES (slightly
soiled), • BLANKETS AND COM-
FORTERS, BED SPREADS. TABLE
COVERS—
All at Greatly Reduce d Prices.
REMNANTS ,
Of DRESS SILKS. Ranging from 1
yard to 10 yards, suitable for
SKIRTS AND WAISTS.
At Prices Which Will
Surprise You.
DON'T MISS THIS
OPPORTUNITY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 16, 1899.
colonel led his command down to the
beach and along the water's edge. The
sight of the cadets silhouetted against
the dark waters of the Pacific was a
pretty one. The music of the band and
fife and drum corps drowned the roar
of the waves. ;:^*.7'
On reaching Camp Fallon the battal
ion was lined in column of companies.
The officers were called to the front
and instructed by Colonel Sullivan as
to their duties during the week. Cap
tain James T. Curley of Company B
was appointed officer of the day; First
Lieutenant William Terry of Company
<" officer of the guard, and Second Lieu
tenant Vincent Carroll of Company D
supernumerary officer of the ' guard.
Twenty-four men were selected — two
from each company — to go on duty the
first night in camp. The latter will re
main on duty until 10 o'clock to-mor
row, morning, keeping watch two hours
at a time and having four hours' rest.
The last important office performed, the
cadets were marched to their company
streets and took possession of their
tents. The baggage was' cleared away.
The supper call then sounded and the
cadets marched to their tables, already
prepared by a corps of waiters. The
privates occupied four long tables,
while the officers of the regiment dined
CALIFORNIA BOYS
WILL SOON SAIL
Continued from First Page.
Nothing whatever was brought to him
In connection with the all Important
work affecting the conduct of the war
in the Philppines. :^"v
The fact that General Miles has hold
of the reins of the War Department,
notwithstanding that Alger has more
than once begged the President to re
tire the general from command of the
army, is regarded as another direct
slap at the Secretary. It remains to be
seen whether this additional hint will
have any effect upon the man who says
he will not retire "under fire." It Is not
believed by members of the Cabinet
that Secretary Alger will be allowed
until the first of the year to submit his
resignation. His last public utterance
indicated that he might "voluntarily"
step down and out about January 1, but
I. was told by a Cabinet officer to-day
that the President had contemplated
giving him only sufficient time to com
plete his annual report, which is usually
handed In about November 1. If a vote
were taken in the Cabinet to-day there
would probably be a unanimous j ver
dict that Mr. Alger ought to go at
once.
The following additional appoint
ments have been made in the volunteer
army, their former service being desig
nated
- To be captains— Adam C. Carson, cap
tain Company F, Fourth United States
Volunteer Infantry; Henry A. Reed, cap
tain Company I, Fourth Missouri; Will
iam J. White, captain Company X, Sec
ond Ohio. j
To be first lieutenants— Charles W. Bar
ber captain Company H, Fourth. New
Jersey; Frederick J. Barrows, captain
Company H, Fifteenth Minnesota; Cyrus
Gray Bosseux, captain Virginia Volun
teer Infantry; John M. Dunn, lieutenant
First Delaware; Richard Drum Laird,
first lieutenant Tenth Pennsylvania; Dan
iel K. Monyhan, second lieutenant Second
Massachusetts; Frederick B. Neilson,
Philadelphia city troops; Edward Hill,
captain First North Carolina Volunteers;
Edward R. Tompkins, sergeant major
Second South Carolina Infantry; Charles
O. Thomas Jr., - captain Tenth United
States Volunteer Infantry; George _.
Whltsitt, captain Fifth Missouri.
To be second lieutenants— Samuel A.
Archibald, sergeant Fourth Virginia;
George W. Cochmower, 1 private Company
E, First Illinois; John Allen Degen, cor
poral Company M.. Seventh United States
Infantry; Clark R. Elliott, second lieu
tenant Fifteenth Minnesota; Roy L. Fer
nald, private Company C. Seventh United
States Infantry; Albert U. Faulkner, pri
vate Troop C, New -York Cavalry; Fran
cis E. * Wharton Griffin, . first lieutenant
Third United States Volunteer Immunes;
Carl < Hard, corporal- Troop I, ' Second
United States' Volunteer; Cavalry;, Robert
r# at another some distance away. Be
*• fore eating. Father Dempsey, who will
*■ remain here with the regiment until
ny the end of the encampment, said grace
H- and the command satisfied its keen ap
ny petites. ' < ■'
*- The first night in camp was spent in
*#• becoming acquainted. No one was al
jf lowed to leave its sacred precincts un
*• til he passed the guard, a performance
\a not quite as simple as is generally
•*•_ thought, as the "dead" line was lighted
M with Incandescent lamps and was
™ watched by keen-eyed young cadets.
J4 Among the officers now at the camp
™ are: Colonel William P. Sullivan Jr.,
M regimental adjutant; Captain J. P.
7\ Duffy. Lieutenant Colonel T. F. Ryan,
« major of the First Battalion, D. J. Mc
_l Gloin; Major D. C. Deasy of the Sec
-0 ond Battalion, Major W. H. McCarthy
-, of the Third Battalion, Captain D. J.
& McCarthy, inspector; Lieutenant H.
■m Mahoney, quartermaster; Lieutenant .T.
** Watts, commissary: adjutant First
7? Battalion, Lieutenant J. Crowley; ad
-_ jutant Second Battalion, First Lieuten-
M ant Frank I. Gonzales; adjutant Third*
la Battalion, First Lieutenant W. A.
«f Kelly; chaplain. Father Dempsey,
Jj§ major surgeon. Dr. Morrisey; captain
™ and assistant surgeon. Dr. J. F. Sulli-
U van. 7'.'77^---- : * •{'•■'"
~ The tall flagpole which once graced
W the baseball grounds now has a proml
t" nent position in Camp Fallon. When
M the camp awakes to-morrow morning
7* the stars and stripes will be raised to
its lofty peak with the usual military
5 ceremonies. At 10 o'clock a. solemn
J military mass will be celebrated by
J. Father Dempsey in the spacious Dol
* phin bathhouse. The ceremonies will
©*******¥ _>.*********-¥■*-¥.-¥ *
be intensely impressive and interesting.
At the consecration the drums will beat
and the entire regiment will present
sabers.
Father Dempsey will also deliver a*
cadets some sound advice. In the even
short sermon, in which he will give the
ing in the same place the services will
consist of religious exercises. The
League of the Cross Glee Club will lead
the singing of hymns familiar to every
member of the regiment. The day will
be spent in duties around the camp,
and all those fortunate enough to se
cure leave will visit points of interest.
Colonel Sullivan is well pleased with
the condition of the camp site and the
manner in which Lieutenant Mahoney,
Lieutenant Sullivan, Sergeant Gauran,
Sergeant McGinn and the other mem
bers of the advance guard did their
work. The showing made by the
cadets is a fine one. Every company
In the regiment has sent large repre
sentations. Companies N and F of
Oakland turned out in large numbers.
Company O of San Francisco Is not
represented, but it Is thought many of
its members will appear at camp dur
ing the week, v.; _*- •"&*?*
. The hotels are rapidly filling up with
the friends and relatives of the mem
bers of the regiment. 77"', -.'•'
S. Knox, second lieutenant Virginia Vol
unteer Infantry; Louis St. Clair Munford,
second lieutenant Second Alabama; Fred
erick Harvey, Plummer, second lieutenant
Fourth Virginia Volunteer Infantry'; Max
Wagner, second lieutenant United States
Volunteer Signal Corps; John N. Wright,
second | lieutenant Second United States
Volunteer Immunes; Guy A. Boyle, first
lieutenant and adjutant One Hundred and
Fiftieth Indiana; William B. Eulass,
Company A, First Ohio Volunteers;
Thomas S. Morgan, first lieutenant Sec
ond South Carolina Volunteers; James A.
Simpson, first lieutenant Fourth Ken
tucky.
The following-named officers, recently
appointed, have been ordered to join,
their respective regiments at the places
hereinafter indicated:
• Twenty-sixth Infantry. Plattsburg bar
racks. New York— First Lieutenant Frank
M. Chapln, First Lieutenant Frank E.
Edwards, First Lieutenant Henry G.
Crockett and Second Lieutenant Sanford
E. Worthington. ,
Twenty-seventh Infantry, Camp Meade,
Pa.— Major Clyde D. V. Hunt, First Lieu
tenant Eskln S. Hartshorn and . Second
Lieutenant Richard H. Brewer.
Twenty-eighth Infantry, Camp Meade,
Pa.— Captain Peter Vredenburg, . First
Lieutenant Edgar S. Stayer, Second Lieu
tenant I.ellls M. Clark, Second Lieutenant
H. Carl Young and Second Lieutenant
Marion B. Mabson.
Thirtieth Infantry. Fort Sheridan, 111.—
First Lieutenant Frank D. Buckingham.
Thirty-first Infantry, Fort Thomas,
Kentucky— Charles P. Stivers,
Captain Lucius Bennett and First Lieu
tenant Benjamin Stark Jr.
Thirty-second" Infantry, Fort Leaven
worth, Kansas— Lieutenant Grant
Gillespie, First Lieutenant Charles A.
Phillips and Second Lieutenant William
H. Clopton Jr. - ■:■<.-_>
Thirty- fourth Infantry, Fort Logan.
Colorado— Captain William E. Dame and
Second Lieutenant Robert C. Corliss.
Thirty-fifth Infantry, Vancouver bar
racks, Wash.— Captain. SamUel R. Lang
worthy, Captain Thomas XV. Darrah and
First Lieutenant John L. Hughes.
ALL FILIPINOS KILLED,
NO PRISONERS TAKEN
STOCKTON, July 15.— That the life of a
soldier in the Philippines is calculated to
transform a mild .; mannered young man
into a mere fighting machine, having little
regard for human life and less thought for
the strict observance of the rules of civ
ilized warfare, is evident from a private
letter received here from a young Ala
medan now serving In the Twenty-third
United States Infantry at Cebu.
The writer is not given to exaggeration,
and his comments confirm the recently de
nied stories of the giving of no quarter to
the natives, of shooting them after they
surrendered and of thoughtless soldiers
seeking to stir up trouble with the peace
ably inclined people. To the credit of the
American officers, it will be seen that they
did not know of the deeds of the soldiers.
Excerpts from the letter are as here
given: '
"You remember reading of the horrible
death of Dr. Young of • the Utahs. •'.*-•
An hour after he was found they sent the
news over to us, and all the rest of the
day we killed every insurgent we saw, in
stead of taking, them prisoners. The men
got so crazed over the news that when
they saw an insurgent near by they would
wait till the officers were not looking and
would deliberately shoot them. ;I; could
tell you things that would ■ give * you the
shivers. • • • For the life of ma. J
STRIKING MINERS
KILL NEGROES
Fired Upon While at
Melon Feast.
— ♦ —
TWO RIDDLED WITH BULLETS
■ — » .
ANOTHER FOUND IN A DYING
CONDITION.
-• ♦- -
Murders Committed Because the Col
ored Men Had Been Imported
to Take the Places of
Whites.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala., July 15.— Two
negroes were killed outright and an
other fatally shot in a fight to-night at
Ishkoda between the striking miners
and the negroes who have been import
ed from Georgia to take their places.
After the first brush the firing became
almost general throughout the mining
town, but deputies who were sent from
here had restored quiet at midnight.
The killing seems to have been the
result of- a plot. To-night about ' 9
o'clock twenty-five or thirty negroes
were gathered In one of the large mess
halls of the company eating water
melons. The house was suddenly fired
on from ambush. Fully two hundred,
shots were fired and . the walls were
riddled. The negroes scattered in ev
ery direction, i'. "■;-_ .' :
When the deputies reached the house
they found the bodies of two negroes
shot to pieces. Sixteen bullets had pass
ed through one. - ..-z
A third was found in a dying condi
tion. Shooting, soon began afresh In
several other places. It oecame s*• gen
eral that the deputies could not cope
with the situation and Sheriff O'Brien
was notified. A special train left here
at 9:40 with reinforcements.
©>»♦•» ~+-4>-4-<i>-4-<&-*-4>-4-4>-+-%
don't know what the United States wants
with the islands. • *- * The natives here
in the city are very peaceable and do not
want to fight. Pome of our men tried to
raise a little trouble. ; Our government
grub is as poor as ever. We are living
mostly on hardtack, embalmed beef and
rice." ;.- , [„". : ." ! : . - •
DESERTED TO VISIT
HIS DYING MOTHER
ANY, Or., July Frank M. Gl
rard, a member of Company I, Oregon
Volunteers, arrived here to-day from San
Francisco. He came In violation of or
ders but in a manner which will arouse
sympathy in his behalf. On reaching San
Francisco harbor, while still on shipboard,
he received a telegram announcing that
his mother, who resides near Monmouth,
was ing and asking him to come at
once. He applied to the officer for a fur
lough offering the telegram as a reason,
but it was refused. By the aid of sym
pathetic comrades he was let down by a
rope into a small boat and went ashore,
taking the train at once for Albany. He .
hired a team and driver here and hurried
to his home. After remaining at- his ;
mother's bedside a few minutes he came
out weeping and said she was yet alive
but very low. He told the driver that he
would return to his regiment in a few
days. He is a young man of unquestioned
veracity and has been one of the best
soldiers In his company. Influential
friends will endeavor to secure his release
from the serious charge of desertion.
AMERICAN SURGEONS
ARE NOT ATTACKED
TACOMA. Wash., July 15.— Major Sur
geon T. R. Dawson of the First Washing
ton Volunteers, writing to the Ledger
from Pasig, Philippine Islands, denies the
statements that the Filipinos have at
tacked American surgeons of the hospital
"So' far as my own observation and in
"So far as mv own observation and in
formation go." he writes, "I know of no
case where wounded Filipinos have tried
to injure surgeons or hospital "corps men.
On the contrary, they have welcomed our
assistance and have been grateful for it.
Dr. Dawson denies the truth of a sensa
tional report sent out some time ago in
which he was said to have been dressing
the wounds of three FUlppinos who at
tempted to stab him, and the surgeon
j then shot the three.
FILIPINO JUNTA MAY
MOVE FROM HONGKONG
MANILA, July 15.— 1t Is reported that
the Filipino Junta will be moved from
Hongkong to the island of Labuan, a Brit
ish colony six miles from the northwest
coast of Borneo, as the American officials
have watched the members of the Junta
so closely at Hongkong that the latter,
have found it Impossible to supply the
insurgents with arms. .
The transport Warren sails Sunday with
the Colorado Regiment. Major Bradley
Strong and Major Young of the Supreme
Court, who is going to Utah for a vaca
tion, on board. ■'-"--••-..■"'■
Professor Schurman will arrive at San
Francisco on board the China..
ADVERTISEMENTS.
B^^^2®6 When death
d\__->a&fi__^Z^ *~ l ent l ess baud
> X/ '' u P on a '-kin-d
_^gJffi^^|B^^M T X a n "** loving
-^_^_\fv/r\ vlUy 1 husband. the
"^___/Jy i\k(a w *"" e cannot * 3e
i j-~j_^!*tt*_P7Si votion and work
fs. . alK * helpfulness
'. .7.,- while, when it
comes so soon to this tragic end.
If men would only take the most com-
mon sense precautions j against the en-
croachments of ill-health, there would be
fewer .h ouses of mourning, and fewer
women left alone almost helpless before
the battle of life is half over. A man's
liver and stomach are twin machines that
work together, either to make or unmake.
If they work wrong, they deplete and
poison his blood. Impure and impover-
ished blood mean sickness and death. If
they work right, they purify and enrich
the blood. A man whose blood is rich and
pure, and whose liver is active cannot well
be unhealthy. . Headaches, biliousness, in-
digestion and costiveness, which men gen-
erally disregard, are Nature's warnings
that the twin mechanism, stomach and
liver, is working against, instead of fot
him. Dr.' Pierces Golden Medical Discov-
ery is the best medicine to use under these
circumstances. It creates appetite, 1 cor-
rects all disorders of the digestion, invigor-
ates the liver, and ' fills the arteries with
rich,' red, healthy blood. As an invigorat-
ing, restorative . tonic, it is far superior to
all the malt extracts. It is the great blood-
maker and flesh-builder. It. does not build
sickly, flabby fat as cod liver oil does, but
the firm, muscular, tissues of health.
" For the last ■ nine years," writes William
Miller, Esq.. of 651 Mulberry Street. Reading,
Pa., " I have been very poor in health. I suf-
fered with # a running sore leg. I tried many
kinds of different medicines, and doctors with-
out relief. -Then I used three bottles of ' Golden
Medical Discovery ' aud can say that I am en-
tirely cured. I can now do as good a day's work
as the next man."
Unfailable— Pierces Pleasant Pellet*
for constipation and biliousness. ,:
GEN. WHEELER
ARRIVES
Continued from First Page.
United States Cavalry of the old
army, I accompanied ■ah expedition
across the plains to the Rocky Moun
tains. We started from Fort Leaven
worth." •
Speaking of the next campaign in the
Philippines General Wheeler remarked:
"I presume the season will permit mili
tary operations to be renewed early in
October, and I hope that one campaign
will end the fighting. I was misquoted
In one of the Eastern interviews, when
I was reported as saying that no in
formation had been obtained regarding
the strength of the enemy and the num
ber of our own troops available.
"Yes, I may return from the Philip
pines to attend the next session of Con
gress. I am the representative of my
district in Congress. My rank in the
army at Santiago was major general,
but I was mustered out and reappointed
brigadier general. Generals Otis, Law
ton and Mac Arthur, who are now at
the front, rank me. General Young is
also there, but I am his senior in rank.
It will be my pleasure to go to the
front. Of course, a cavalry command
would suit me, but that may be impos
sible. I shall cheerfully accept what
ever assignment may be made."
General Wheeler asked many ques
tions touching the reports brought by
the Oregon volunteers concerning the
discipline and fighting qualities of the
Filipino army. He seemed .to be Im
pressed with the notion that the insur
gents were receiving supplies of arms
and ammunition from Hongkong or
some other port. ;"■.*.
General Wheeler will not tarry in San
Francisco longer than is necessary to
make his arrangements for his voyage
to Manila. On the arrival of the be
lated train last night he went directly
to the Occidental. Hotel, where accom
modations had been • reserved for him
self end companions.
It will afford him great pleasure to
again meet General Shatter, who so
ably commanded the forces in the field
before . Santiago. General Wheeler Is
not one of the military men who con
tend that the American army was in a
bad wav a few days before the Span
iards surrendered. He holds that after
the battle of San Juan the American
position was not one of peril.
Joseph heeler, a son of the general,
has been commissioned major of the
Thirty-fourth Regiment now being re
cruited at Denver, Colo. When the
Thirty-fourth gets to Manila the Whee
ler family father, son and daughter
will be In the service of the country at
the front.
The Southern Pacific train, which
brought the cavalry leader from Ogden
to this city, was more than two hours
late, as usual.
The Bicycle Combine.
CLEVELAND. July 15.— A. G. Spalding,
the president of the company formed for
the purpose of combining all the bicycle
manufacturing concerns, telegraphed the
Lozier Company In this city to-day that
the effort has not been abandoned, despite
the recent setback. The telegram said
thai there wculd be a meeting of the di.
lectors in New York on Monday for the
purpose cf gcirig over the situation thor
oughly. • ■ ••'.;7'v7jX
Veterans Break Camp.
SANTA CRUZ. July 15.— Camp Wal
lace-Reynolds, where the veterans have
been for two weeks, broke up this even
ing. There was an entertainment, fol
lowed by a dance. The veterans want to
camp here next year. ■■■■:■■_■'_■_<■.
Tv_ 1 1 t'.-;-'7-Vv*£'v^7-/.^
'-eft- _<**'-?t_____. _'^SD_k II V''''|7!''-' : --\ '-*i>;--V>*:-*V'_'^"i_v'*"/ --J-f {* V_ -r**:*--. vr 1 S>7""7;-*.-*'-*^7^H
_t_ iK^.^i^'v^K. /ff__7_? X y^^^Bk-^-^'^- '^v7v^V^ :, ' , :-:-.''7V-' , 7j||
SB .-flg^K _w -SmS -9/ 3-tv —&1 _W^_'-*^^sSS____m__f^_^_^'' '
'jB Much attention has been turned toward our store since p
J •
M brown and sray in checks and plaids $1 65
I /X^ $N WO &CO (^w) i
CARTER'S FRIEND
IS TOM PLATT
•
Pleads for Executive
Clemency.
'» '_'"}
WORKING FOR THE CAPTAIN
— • —
■ .
SENATOR REPRESENTS CAPITAL
AND POLITICIANS.
» •
Wnile the Statute of Limitations Is
- Running Against Civil Suits »
Pull Is at Work to Save
the Disgraced Officer.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, July 15.— A Washing
ton special to the Journal says: An
other recently developed feature of
Captain Carter's case is that two of the
important witnesses have died. In case.,
civil suits are brought against Carter
or the contractors it is doubtful if they
could be convicted, as the evidence
given in the co-urt-martial cannot be
used in civil proceedings. The statute
of limitations is constantly running
against the dates at which civil suits
can commenced for sums embezzled
from time to time extending over the
period of from ten to twelve years that
Carter had charge of the district.
It is estimated that at least $400,000,
properly recoverable, has escaped by
reason of the failure of bringing civil
suits. The sum of $25,000 is escaping
every month.
Politicians and millions of money are
exerting their potent influence to save
Carter from punishment. Since his
mammoth steal was affirmed by the
court of the highest army officers, and
the most disgraceful penalty devisable
was Imposed, a half-score of officers
have been court-martialed and dis
missed. .
Senator Piatt is the. most conspicuous
pleader for executive clemency for Car
; ter. He represents capital and politi
| clans. ______________________________
PROTESTS AGAINST ROBERTS.
Young People's Baptist Union Joins
the Crusade.
RICHMOND. Va.. July After early
morning devotional exercises and confer
ences in th© various churches of the city
the members of the Young People's Bap
, tist Union of America repaired to the
Auditorium ana resumed the regular ses
sions of the convention.
At the night session the report of the
committee on resolutions was presented
and adopted. The feature of this report
was the following;
"That we have cause for concern over
the increasing activity of the agents of
the Mormon religion and we record our
deep chagrin at the election of B. H.
Roberts of Utah, an avowed polygamist,
to the House of Representatives, and we
do most earnestly call upon every Repre
sentative and senator to use his utmost
endeavor to secure the prompt expulsion
of this B. H. Roberts in accordance with
the provisions of the constitution." .
This protest is to take the form of a
petition, •which will .be extensively cir
i culated. . •-.. * A " '■■'"''.'"..'-. v : -
Steamer Merrimac Ashore.
QUEBEC. July ; 15.— . dispatch from
Heath Point, Antlcosta Island, reports
that the British steamship Merrimac,
from Bristol for Montreal, went ashore
at Gull Cliff Bay at 5:25 o'clock yester
day afternoon. A thick fog prevailed at
the time. No particulars nave been re
ceived.
34
GOING TO AID
EXPLORER PEARY
— ♦ —
An Expedition to Leave
Sydney, C. B.
•» — ♦ —
SUPPLIES TO BE CACHED
STEPS TO INSURE THE SAFETY
CF THE LIEUTENANT.
«
News May Also Be Brought Back of
the Fate of the Windward and
of the Norwegian Party
on the Fram.
— — ■
Special r>'«pat'-h to Th- Call.
KBW YORK, July Morris K. Jessup,
president of the New York Chamber of
Commerce a: _ president of the Peary
Arctic Club, int.- organized an expedition
which is to start from Sydney. C. 8., to
find and Join Lieutenant Peary, If pos
sible, In tho frozen north. The expedition
will bo under the direction of Herbert _.
Bridgman, secretary of the club, who left
Now York last week to join his ship at
St. Johns. The project of the expedition
was clearly defined by Lieutenant Peary
before his department last summer, and
is a constituent part of his general plan
of operations for reaching the north pole.
The main aim is to deposit, against ail
contingencies an ample supply of food
at Inglefield Gulf and to Inform Peary -it
the tact, so that in case disaster drives
him back he may find subsistence in a
region where he is practically at home.
Tho Diana, the ship which carries the
expedition. Is of 473 gross and 273 net tons,
with 70-horsepower engines of an average
speed of eight Knots an hour. Leaving
Sydney, where she is expected to arrive
In ilv- days, the Diana's ttrat stop will be
at Disco, la Northern Greenland, where
intelligence from the north may be ob
tained.
The next call will be made at Upernavik,
by direction of Mr. Peary, and thence
tiie voyage will be prosecuted with the
utmost" speed possible across Melville Bay
and beyond Cape York to Peary's former
headquarters at Bow Join Bay, in Ingle
field Gulf. The Diana will comply with
Peary's instructions to deposit for him
and for his party supplies at Bowdoin Bay
if a landing can be effected, and if not at
Littleton Island. In each case proper pre
cautions will be taken to Insure the safety
of the caches and the most effective ar
rangements made to secure the comfort
and safety of the explorer and his party
whenever they shall return to either of
the points designated.
The voyage of the Diana is likely to be
fraught with very much more than usual
public interest. In addition to her own
experiences she will probably bring back
full news of the fate of the Windward,
Peary's ship of last summer, from which
nothing has been heard since she left
Etah to attempt the passage of Smitn
Sound to land the explorer north of Sher
rard Osborn Fjord, and also information
concerning the Norwegian party in the
Fram ana their work during last winter.
It is by no means certain that Mr. Peary
will be seen or directly communicated
with. If everything has gone well with
him and his headquarters at Cape Wash
ington or some equally far northern point
has been safely maintained it is not
likely that he will return to Inglefield Gulf
to meet the Diana. Only in case of dis
aster or loss of provisions, compelling him
to fall back on his base, would he be likely
to undertake a journey across inland ico
for the summer to open communication
with the world. The supplies for the ex
pedition weigh in all over fifty tons, and
were shipped in sealed cars, all rail from
New York via Boston and Portland to
Sydney. - : .
The !ast letter from Peary is dated
Etah, August 7, 1808, in which he said: .
"Wednesday morning the Hope started
for Littleton Island and at 9 p. m. joined
the Windward, anchored off the deserted
settlement of Etah. in Foulke Fjord. Both
ships are now here. To-morrow the Hope
will start south and the Windward north.
In passing north I shall land some provi
sions on Littleton Island for use in case
the Windward is crushed going up. . I
have on board now ten Eskimos (five
couples), with their sledges, tents, kayaks
and belongings: about sixty dogs, sixty
walrus and a fair supply of extra cloth-
Ing."
< NEW PASTOR WELCOMED.
San Rafael Catholics Give Greeting to
Father Phillips.
SAN RAFAEL.' July 15.— This was a
memorable day for the parishioners of
St. Raphael's parish. Rev. Father Phil
lips of Berkeley, who succeeds Rev.
Father Lagan as pastor, arrived on a
morning train and was greeted at the de
pot by a large number of communicants,
Father Lagan was present to welcome the
new pastor and wish him success in his
new field. :~..c, •- - .
The active members of the parish are
now preparing an entertainment and re
ception in honor of Father. Phillips. A
choice programme will be presented and
everything possible dpne to make the new
pastor feel that he has come among peo
ple thoroughly appreciative of. talent and
earnest labor. * .
The leave-taking of Father Lagan and
his friends was very affecting. A larpe
crowd was at the depot to wish him god
speed, and many jumped upon the plat
form to wring his hand at parting. Tho
popular priest was keenly moved, espe
cially by the fact that sectarianism
seemed to cut no figure in the farewell.
ASSEMBLY FIELD DAY.
Chautauquans on ' an Outing Near
Pacific Grove. '
' PACIFIC GROVE. July 15.— The mem
bers of the Pacific Coast Chautauqua en-
Joyed their annual. assembly field day to
day, and although a high fog made the
weather rather unpropltlous, a delightful
day was spent by all. At 10 o'clock a long
line of carriages and bicycles started
from the superintendent's office for the
pine grove near Moss Beach, where the
exercises were held. At the grove an in
teresting programme was gone through.
Professors gave short talks on their re
spective specialties, Chautatlqua songs
wer_ sung and Chautauqua talked on va
rious subjects. The programme was
rather In the nature of a Round Table
talk. Rev. H. N. Bc-vier, first vice presi
dent of th© Chautauqua, acted as presi
dent of the day. An elaborate luncheon
was served.
This evening Frank Beard of Chicago,
the well-known cartoonist, gave the sec
ond of his series of "Chalk Talks."
7-• ' i_2>VEKTI-cx.-;_.--^T3.
OEUTZ & CELDERMANN,
AY, FRANCE.
DEUTZ & CELDERMANN'S
COLO LACK \
la without doubt the lli__it Dry Champagne !
. Imported from France. Kb oo_nol»B-ur
should fail to try it.
CHARLES . _-E-?TBCT__D A 00.,
Sol* Atnti Pacific Coast. '
KM ram into atr©**. M. 9.
- - ' ' '•*,- *'. * • •- - . - ► •»
-*' 1 ' .*-"-- *-. ..•'-...
' '- - I*''->.-<1 *' '->.-<
:..-.- . --.
i
SEEDING TO ENTER
AMERICA'S NAVY
Admiral Cervera's Cabin Boy Ap
plies to Be Appointed ar>
AppreQtice.
!D '■'•■■ NEW YORK. July 15.— Pedro Ovida, who was' Admiral Cervera's ©
J bugler and cabin-boy on the Spanish cruiser Viscaya. is waiting g
5 anxiously for news from Washington. He made formal application to «
8 be appointed apprentice In the United States navy, but Rear Admiral g
6 Philip, commandant of the Brooklyn navy-yard, has raised the . techm- "
>J cal point that Pedro may be considered a deserter from the Spanish g
; O navy. This knotty problem has been referred to the Navy Department .£
j 88 for solution. Meanwhile the boy is living in Brooklyn. Pedro said to- «
j <3 day concerning the Santiago battle: 0
!S3 "As the ships closed in I was up in the superstructure with my 53
i <** bugle. The Texas and lowa came toward us and the Brooklyn made for £
S the Colon. The first shot that hit us was from the Texas. It struck g
i I. in the afterpart of the ship." iS
! p Pedro. said he was not frightened, but, thinking of his father and 0
! £-? mother, he rushed below to the boiler room.  g
$ "There was plenty of steam there," he continued. "The shells had j,
$ burst the boiler, and In a little while some one shouted we were sinking.- g;
*S 1 came on deck again and every one was jumping overboard. We were » I
•£-{ very near the beach then, so I ran forward and jumped over, too. The gj
§ deck was pretty close to the water, and 1 fell only about twelve feet." g j
;• Pedro said he couldn't swim, but he had a life-preserver on. g!
£ "I was In the water an hour." he said, "and the wreckage cut me ter- g |
|iS rfbly. At last a launch from the Texas-picked us up and we were taken #
j 8 to the St. Paul. I do not want to go home, because I will only be a bur- S3
j £ den to them. Papa gets $1 a day in Spanish money as a machinist in g
i £*? the navy-yard at Bilboa, and has six children to support. In your g
g navy I can get $9 a month right away, and in a year $15, and then. $21, 5;
l-g with the chance of being gunners' mate or electrician. If I return to #
i.* Spain they will put. me in prison for two years as a deserter." *5
j ♦.oko^iOKo a num. o. •. okoss o_sbsaaacßßcasaa •. o%o•. o % caswsKeao*
FROM ALL PARTS
OF THE GLOBE
Harper Will Forward a
Great Collection.
— • —
RESULT OF TWO YEARS' TOUR
— ♦ —
SHOW A BIG FIELD FOR AMER- j
ICAN MANUFACTURES.
»
Consuls of the United States Also Do- I
ing Good Work in Foreign
Fields as Commercial
Missionaries.
•— —
Copyrighted. 1599, by the Associated Press.
LONDON, July 15.— William Harper
: of " the . Philadelphia Commercial Mv-
I scum, who is just completing a two
' years' tour of the world, collecting
samples of the chief articles the various
nations import, is abcut to forward to I
the United States a collection of the I
most remarkable sample cases ever |
amassed. During the course of his
quest Mr. Harper penetrated to the
I utmost corners of Russia, Asia, Africa,
: Australia and South America and com
piled a vast amount of information as
jto the requirements of the various
i countries, samples of goods, models of
implements and photographs and speci
fications of all the leading articles of
! trade, all of which will be on exhibi
: tion in Philadelphia during the month
of October.
"It is a $50,000 sample case," said Mr.
! Harper to a representative of the Asso
'■■ ciated Press, "'and I' do not think its
'. like Is equaled in the world. It con
[ tains engine models from France, hay
j racks from Russia, textiles from Aleppo
j and Central Asia", cotton from Hong-
I kong and mining tools from the Trans
! vaal. Undoubtedly America has im- .
i mense possibilities for developing her
; exports and I believe the results of my
j researches will greatly aid therein.
"As regards the growth of American
i exports to England, I believe it is
largely due to the fact of Increased con
i sumption of the world generally. Eng
' land' is probably supplying the same as
before, but America is supplying the
surplus. While England is standing
still,' we are growing. The question of
speed is also a great factor. America
: manufactures in such quantities that
i she can produce a completed article
I phenomenally -quick. The point Is well
j exemplified by the following, state
! ments. An official of the Baldwin Loco
; motive Works wrote that they had lo
| comotives lying around on the shelves
and that it was only necessary for a j
j machinist to put the parts . together,
while a French engineer told me a few
I days ago that of fifty engines he built
I recently, no two were alike.
"In the course of my journeying I
j have given the American Consular ser
vice considerable study, and while the
I tenure of office of the English system
; makes Consuls better linguists and dip
lomats, they are often lacking in busi
j ness qualifications. As commercial
| missionaries, I believe the American
j Consuls are the most efficient. All such
I men as Mason at Berlin, Monaghan at
; Chemnitz and Boyle and Marshal Hal
| sted In England, and Bell at Sydney
i are doing great work toward the.devel
j opment of the American market."
The announcement of the British
! Westlnghouse Company, with a capital
! of $1,500,000, caused the. usual expres
j sions of pained surprise in the Eng
j lish newspapers and in commercial cir- j
I cles, although they must be aware that |
j most of the finer electrical appliances I
! used In England are of American make. j
| The Pall Mall Gazette complains that !
the Board of Trade returns do not af-
I ford the opportunity of estimating the i
j magnitude of these reports, and con- i
demns the lack of enterprise of the
home electricians in permitting Amer
ican:' to beat them on their ' own
ground. • »-"7.. -*•
The; c .-• a recrudescence of anxiety '
regarding 'lie Alaska dispute in politi- !
i cal circles, though the general public !
j does not attach much importance to
• the matter. Jingo newspapers, like the
; Saturday Review, grasped the oppor
tunity to 'reair their anti -American
proclivities.
The Review thinks that as the time
for the Presidential nominations ap- i
proaches President McKinley may "find
the Cleveland precedent over-tempting
and launch an arrogant Alaska mes
sage against England, the recognition
of which will be very different to the I
success attending the Venezuelan."
' After asserting that the Canadians s
desire to finally decide the matter by
impartial debate, while the United |
| States demands a tribunal which will
be either a farce or unlikely to settle i
! anything the Review* says "We cannot :
| concede that to the United States with- |
! out Canadian acceptance, and our ex- I
perience in that direction does not give
much hope of the efficacy of conces
sions even if we do."
...-. In conclusion the Review remarks:
"If the Anglo-Saxon' entente does noth
ing to modify the I American attitude
-toward Alaska it will have proved more
useless and evanescent than the bub
bles of the champagne on which it
floated into existence."- ■
| : • Funeral of the Czarowitch.
ST. PETERSBURG. July 15.— Dow- I
agar Empress has gone to Novorosslsk, |
on the eastern coast of the Black Sea,: to j
which place the remains of her son, tho'
late Czarowitch. will be convoyed jy v j
THE SAN FEAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 16, 1899:
man-of-war and thence brought to this
city, which will be reached on Monday.
The funeral of the late Czarowitch will
take place on Tuesday.
«,
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST j
California Citrus Fruit Growers Pro
test Against Reciprocity Agree
ment With. Jamaica.
WASHINGTON, July 15.— Among the
callers at the White House to-day was
General Harrison Gray Otis, who has
been in New York for some days on pri
vate business and returned here to-day
to protest against certain features of the
reciprocity agreement negotiated with
Jamaica. The California citrus fruit grow
ers believe that the free entry of oranges,
lemons, etc., from Jamaica would injuri
ously affect their interests, and it was in
their behalf that General Oti3 called on
the President and Secretary of State.
The Postoffice at Goodwin, San Luis
Obispo County, will be discontinued after
July 31. Mail should be sent to Pattiway.
The Postoffice at Craftonville, San Ber
nardino County, which was discontinued
by the department, will be in operation
until August- 1.
The President to-day commissioned V.
L. Frawier, Postmaster at Sanhedrin,
Cal. The following California Post
masters were appointed to-day: Thomas
St. Louis, at Alliance, Humboldt County,
vice Jerry R. Brown, resigned; John Wil
son, at Bertha, Lake County, vice Carl
Mayer, removed. '■■.•'. "'.;
Army orders: By direction of the Secre
tary of War Acting Assistant . Surgeon
Frederick C. Weaver, United States army, '
will proceed from this city to San Fran
cisco and report to the commanding gen- *
( ral. Department of California, for as
signment to duty. Assistant Surgeon Ed
ward N. Bowen, United States army, will
proceed from' Springfield, Mass., to San
Francisco and report for assignment to
duty.
Special orders of July 6 relating to First
Lieutenant Clarence B. Millhoff, assistant
surgeon. United States army, now on duty
at Camp Meade, Pennsylvania, are
amended so as to direct him to report to
the commanding general. Department of
California, on arrival of the Nineteenth
United States Infantry at San Francisco,
for assignment to duty.
Acting Hospital Steward Edward Young,
hospital corps, now at the general hospi
tal, Savannah, Ga., will be- sent to the
Presidio and will report upon his arrival
to the commanding officer. -who will fur
nish him with quarters and rations.. Upon
the arrival -of the Nineteenth Infantry
he will report to the commanding officer
thereof for duty with the hospital corp3
detachment of that regiment.
Private Carl L. Edwards. Battery N.
Third United States Artillery, now at
Angel Island, is transferred as a first
class private to the signal corps. He will
report to the signal officer, Department of
California, who will furnish him trans
portation to the Philippines.
The following enlisted men of the hos
pital corps, now supposed to be at sta
tions designated after their respective
names, will be discharged the service of
the United States by the commanding of
ficers of their respective stations: Pri
vate William B. .Williams, chief surgeon's
office, Department of the Pacific, Philip
pines; Private Harry A. Wilson, Fort
Wrangel, Alaska.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— William Brayman,
San Jose, $8; William Kelly, San Fran
cisco". $8; Daniel 11. Kathan. Placerville.
$6: Francis M. Massey, Quartz, $6; David
Whitlock, Pleasant Grove, $8; James O.
Pritchard, Scotia, $6; George Elwood,
Veterans' Home, Napa, $6; Hanson A.
Young, Garden Grove, $6: Alexander C.
Taber. Chico, $10; Charles Potter, San
Francltco, $6. Original widows, etc.—
Emily Rynd. Pasadena. $8; Nellie A. Alt
huff. Valiejo, $12. .Widows Indian wars—
Frances E. Misley, Loomls, $3.
Washington: Original — George H.
O'Grady, Tacoma, $0* Charles Bee, Ya
kima, $<~>; Cyrenles Hand, Pomeroy, $6;
Henry G. Klink. Olympia, $12.
Oregon: Original wiodws, etc.— Roberta
Summers. Garfield, $*; minors of Joseph
F. Sinclair; North Yakima, $12.
.-. ;■ V* .- m '
WOOD GOES TO THE
AID OF THE LAMBARDIS
Los Angeles Theatrical Manager Suc
ceeds in Having the Attach
ment Released. ' ; . ;
SAN JOSE, July ' .15.— Lamhardi
Italian Opera Company, which was held
up by an attachment suit after the close
of its engagament here on Thursday even
ing, has settled its financial difficulties.
This afternoon .the attachment of the
wardrobe and scenery ■ was released
through the efforts of Edward Begeard.
the agent of C. M. Wood, a theatrical
manager of Bos Angeles, who had a
Claim upon the costumes and 'scenery
and under whose auspices the company
will play its engagement there. The sing
ers will leave San Jose for the south "to
morrow. Satisfactory arrangements have
been made with Miss Anita Domanlus,
the contralto singer- who brought suit for
her salary, so that she is reconciled and
will continue to, sing with the company. ■
m
SUMMONED BY HUNTINGTON.
Gathering of Southern Pacific Offi- I
cials at New York. .
NEW YORK. July 15.— A number of of- j
ficials of the Southern Pacific Railroad
reached the city to-day and ' are at j the
Holland House; They include .Vice-presi
dent J. C. -Stubbs of San' Francisco and
Messrs. J. M. Brewer, William Sproule,
E. O. McCormick; 11. A. Jones and W. G.
Gardner, connected with the freight and
passenger departments. It is said they
have been summoned here by. Huntington
to discuss ways and means for meeting,
the cut-rate war. Mr. Stubbs said:
"We have come to see Mr. Huntington,
but our visit has no special significance.
We make occasional trips* for the pur
pose of 'cleaning up things.' No radical
change In rates or management Is con
templated."
. . »
Dried Peaches, Shipped. I
VIfIAI4A. July 15.— first shipment I
of dried peaches, this season's yield, were. : '
sent out of Visalia to-day. They were .
of extra fine quality and the shipment j
was six and a quarter tons. This Is not
only the first lot sent out of Tulare County, |
but also the first lot shipped from any I ,
point on the Pacific coast. '.-•-. '-'-."••>■ '
' Tr. .-*.♦ * - ..'.i-: . ':•-',*'
Advances made on furniture and pianoe, with I •
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission. I
MAY REPUDIATE
VAN WYCK'S BOOM
Result of War Between.
New York Leaders.
.. ' — — ' , .
TAMMANY FAVORS GORMAN
— —
CONTEST TO BE CARRIED TO THE
• NATIONAL CONVENTION.
-4
Hard Feeling That Exists Between
the McLaughlin and Croker
Forces Is Considerably
... , on the Increase,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, July 15.— bitter
I feeling between the leaders of Tar
n; many Hall and the Kings County Dem
; ocrats has led to a movement' for re
, pudiation, by the New York Democrats
jof Augustus Van Wyck',s boom for
J President. The Van Wyck boom, it
I will be recalled by students of political
events, was formally launched in Tam
many Hall on July 4, when Joseph J.
Willett of Alabama proposed the . for
mer Judge as the most promising can
| didate to defeat the nomination of Wil
j liam J. Bryan in the next national con
i vention.
The real Tammany leaders are sup
porting former Senator Arthur P. Gor
man of Maryland for President, and
In order that their position may • not
be misunderstood plans are under way
to formally repudiate Augustus Van
Wyck's boom at a meeting of the Dem
ocratic National Committee In Chicago
next Thursday. Such a repudiation
will anger the . King County leaders,
but Tammany men are not worrying
about that. They are more worried
over the possibility that their well-laid
Gorman plans may be entirely upset by
the Van Wyck boom, unless they frown
upon the candidacy of the Brooklyn
man. . :r :^.'
Chairman Campbell, accompanied by
Thomas Hassett, went to Long Branch
to-day and conferred with former Sen
ator Edward Murphy and other leaders
as to the party policies New York
should advocate at the meeting of the
National Committee. Mr. Campbell had
nothing to say for publication, but it
was learned from other sources that he
had been- advised by influential leaders
to make it known to members of the
National Committee in Chicago that
New York Democrats will present no
candidate for President in the national
convention.
If Chairman Campbell acts on this
advice, as he probably will, the claims
of the Van Wyck boom to consideration
will rest entirely upon the efforts of
Southern Democrats, who are kindly
disposed toward the former Judge.
Tho repudiation of the Brooklyn man
by the party leaders outside of Kings
County will increase the hard feeling
that exists between the McLaughlin
and Croker forces, and may lead to
sharp politics on the part of both or
ganizations at the next National Con
' vention. Hugh McLaughlin seldom has
acted with Tammany in State or na
tional gatherings, and if the plan of
repudiating the Van Wyck boom is car
ried the Brooklyn delegates will make
more trouble than ever for Tammany
in the convention of 1900. They may. do
as much harm to Tammany's plans as
j they did in the convention of ISS4, when
| they refused to support \ Roswell P.
i Flower, who was Tammany's candidate
j for President, and declared for Cleve
I 0^k........] . ■ n HUDYAN
1 2 - .iff Isb^f ' ' : C
7 c—m V ,?«£"*. / £ __^S©_S?fi>. ''
I .^^^^^_^^M_2S^^lt^?sSl Q
{ HUDYAN STRENGTHENS THE HEART MUSCLE, HUDYAN CORRECTS THE
> .HEART'S ACTION, HUDYAN RECONSTRUCTS BROKEN-DOWN HEART TISSUE.
[ THERE ARE MANY CONDITIONS THAT GIVE RISE TO HEART TROUBLE.
I SERIOUS HEART DISEASE IS OFTEN DUE TO
p . STOMACH DISORDER.
r HT'DYAN CORRECTS AND CURES AIT, FAULTS OF DIGESTION. THERE-
t FORE HUDTAN IS A PREVENTIVE, AS WELL AS A CURE, FOR HEART
f DISEASE. ;7_;S > : '.'v;"- r I *'•
I DIAGNOSE YOUR OWN CASE. HEADACHE, WHICH MAY BE DULL OR
I THROBBING, DIZZINESS OR VERTIGO (FIG. 1). REDNESS OF FACE UPON
I BLIGHT EXERTION (FIG. 2). WEAKNESS -OF LIMBS (FIG. 3-4), OPPRESSED
[ FEELING IN CHEST AND SHORTNESS OF BREATH (FIG. 5). IRREGULAR
> FLUTTERING OF HEART. IRREGULAR PULSE, WEAK OR HUNGRY SPELLS,
I TENDENCY TO FAINT. TENDERNESS IN LEFT' SIDE,' DREAMING. UNEASY
i SENSATION IN CHEST, ALL THESE ARE SYMPTOMS OF HEART DISEASE.
[ WEAK HEARTS ARE AS COMMON AS WEAK STOMACHS OR LUNGS.' IF
' YOU NOTICE FLUTTERING OR PALPITATION OR ANY OF THE ABOVE SYMP-
[ TOMS, "BE WARNED FOR YOU HAVE FUNCTIONAL OR ORGANIC HEART DIS-
I EASE. HUDYAN WILL CURE YOU, WILL CURE YOU PERMANENTLY.
i IF YOU SUFFER FROM INDIGESTION OR DYSPEPSIA. TAKE HUDYAN,
I FOR HUDYAN WILL STRENGTHEN AND STIMULATE TO PERFECT ACTIVITY
I THE LITTLE GLANDS THAT SECRETE THE DIGESTIVE JUICES. IN- THIS
I -MANNER CURING. THE ABOVE DISORDERS PERFECTLY, AND PREVENTING
{ MORE SERIOUS DISEASES. HUDYAN ACTS GENTLY' UPON THE LIVER,
V THUS CURING CONSTIPATION. OR COSTIVENESS.
| HUDYAN- CURED J. D. HUDYAN CURED MISS
PETERS. LAURA WEST.
> CLEVELAND, Ohio. j BANGOR. Maine.
1 _-  . T - li' „„_,, .n coir th-t vnur Dear Doctors: I had heart trouble for a
H Gentlemen: lam happy to say that _. our , . Qng Urn had beEun t0 fear that j
7 Hudyan cured me. ' The cold, clammy feel- could not he cured. Your Hudyan removed
i ing Is cone My .strength has returned, all fears in this direction, however, for It
i _. ... ,' if.  _i- —- -»,_-» <_- cured me, sound and well. At times mv
i and the unpleasant feeling In my chest and , heart woul ,i beat ■ very >_ ard and would
v around. my heart has passed away. I can j seemingly run away with itself. My dlges-
-7 now take violent exercise, and no dlscom- ' tion wan poor. I was always constipated,
* fort from It Mv appetite is splendid, and ™* suffered with headache. The very first
? ; _ , « t -.- i- on —v n.» dose of Hudyan helped me and within a
Z . I (tel as well as I ever did in all my life. few weeks - tim „  had effected a complete
J Your Hudyan has made a sound man of I cure. Yours gratefully. ?
["me. Yours truly, * J. D. PETERS. 1 ' MISS LAURA WEST.
I HUDYAN IS FOR SALE BY DRUGGISTS— A PACKAGE OR SIX . PACK- ■
l AGES FOR $2 50.' ' '■ . - -. '- ", -
-[. -, IF YOUR DRUGGIST DOES NOT KEEP HUDYAN, SEND DIRECT TO THE
l HUDYAN REMEDY CO.
\ ' . Corner Stockton, Ellis and Market Streets,.
\ _'. SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
> "', * ' — ~ ~~
i "
I ' YOU MAY CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOCTORS ABOUT YOUR CASE— FREE'
•-OF; CHARGE. DESCRIBE YOUR CASE TO THEM AND FIND OUT IF HUDYAN
I IS INDICATED. CONSULTATION AND ADVICE— FREE. CALL OR WRITE
! land. They held the balance of power
! in the New York delegation and swung
; ii; from Tammany's influence to the
, support of; the Cleveland forces under
• Daniel Manning. - :
Mr. Campbell will leave for Chicago
I on Tuesday evening. . He will learn the
j views of former Senator David B. Hill
j and all of the party leaders before go
ing West, r
SETTLING VAT ROBBED
OF GOLDEN SEDIMENT
Thieves Make a Fair Haul, at the
Pioneer Reduction Works in,
Nevada County.
NEVADA V CITY, July 15.— Two thou
sand dollars worth of. chloride of gold
was stolen from the settling vat at the
Pioneer Reduction Works on Gold Flat,
in this township, last night. There is no j
clue to the thieves. . It was one of the
boldest crimes committed here in years.
The thieves, of whom there seem to have
been, three, were undoubtedly familiar
with the premises.
James Snell, August Hoffman and El
mer Simmons were working around the
j roasting furnaces all night. The fur- |
naces are about sixty feet from the set- j
: tling vat, which is the last of a series i
I of large ones, being the furthest from ;
. the furnace room of any of the set. The j
furnace men had no occasion during the
night to go into the vat room, which was, |
as usual, in darkness. Had a light been!
used there it would doubtless have at
tracted their attention.
When William Reynolds, who works
! among the vats, came on shift at 7. o'clock
! this morning he noticed that the water \
, which last evening nearly filled the set
tler had been drawn through the faucet :
■ and Hooded the floor in that locality. An
! investigation showed that after the wa- !
! ter ran out one of the thieves had clam- I
i bered into the vat and removed nearly all
of the sediment, which consisted largely
of precipitated sold. It had possibly been
scraped up with a cup and carried off in ;
a water-tight vessel, as none of it was ;
spilled outside, nor was there any candle
grease around to indicate that a light {
had. been used. The -footprints of three
men' led alongside the building, and be- i
neath the windows the trio had gone down ;
on hands and feet to slip unobserved past
the furnace men. The tracks led toward j
Nevada City. ]
FLEES WITH A WOMAN.
Reported Elopement of a Priest From
" \ . 7 an lowa Parish.
'OMAHA, July 15.— A sensational eloper i
ment is reported from Pawnee County. I
Father Joseph Rhinehart, a priest of the \
Steinauer parish, one of the best known j
and most eloquent divines in the county, j
eloped to Springfield, 111., with Mrs. Henry I
Schmidt, his housekeeper, who had be
come infatuated with him. Michael Steint
fer, an officer, was at once put on the
track of the truant couple and located
them at Springfield, 111. Requisition pa
pers were made out in. blank and the of- !
ficer departed for that city. He learned j
from Rev.. Father Strum, pastor of St. :
Peter's and St.' Paul's Church, that the |
couple had been there, but the priest had
induced them to separate and promise to :
mend their ways. Steinffer returned home j
alone.
Hurled Down an Embankment.
LARKSPUR, July 15.— The celebration I
of the Fall of the Bastile at Escalle last
night was signalized by an accident of
such a nature that the escape of the
persons concerned was little short of a
miracle. In the darkness a buggy in ■
which were Thomas Fox and Timothy
Connelly crashed into a* surrey driven by .
Miss Lydia Lindsay and a buggy contain
ing Miss B. Coleman and a friend. The j
three vehicles and their occupants were 1
thrown down a forty-foot grade. The j
vehicles were smashed but their occu- I
pants and the horses, escaped serious in
jury. Both women were -rendered uncon- '
scious, but a physician found no bones j
broken. ■ * *
Sergeant Gleeson Injured.
SAN JOSE, July 15.— Police Sergeant I
Henry P. Gleeson of San Francisco, while |
driving near his ranch at Agnews this j
afternoon, was thrown heavily to the I
ground •by the overturning of the buggy '.
and suffered a dislocation of his right I
shoulder, a fracture of the nose and many
painful bruises. He was removed on the
evening train to his home at 16 Hartford I
street, San Francisco. ' '.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ___j__ — \
aBBHasaE---^^ ' " * - I
THE INTEREST IN OUR |
SEMI-ANNUAL P| fA D A N P F F I
HAS NOT ABATED. ' I
OPPORTUNITIES FOR MORE BARGAINS CONTINUE ! I
AS THE FOLLOWING |
EXTRAORDINARY OFFERS WILL SHOW.
GREATEST WASH GOODS BARGAIN, I
35C0 yards 36-inch Imported Madras fast 'co de <[ a a ble c oloring t0 of Taven-^, * f
Percales), in stripes, checks -and Pl*M* .An w ««» bI « aTVhe season at 20c O In 1
der. blue, pink, green and cyrano. that have been: selling an ecedent ed flol. I
a yard. We will offer them, beginning to-morrow, at in- u i YardVOU j
price of ...SEE WINDOW DISPLAY... |
...SEE WINDOW DISPLAY .. .
150 Pie-, Fancy Organdies and Corded 60 Pieces White Pique, assorted style*
Dimities in very pre** design* and color- _ different size welts: this seasons selling j
lngs,. new lines added to our stock, that i ri - 3«c and 2 5c yard. Clearance |KJy-»
have been selling at 20c, lie and R/»' . nL' I«_9-W
12V_c. Clearance Price * -**' v ' I Irlce ***. _ . . . |
UMHIHT CIIC or Table Linen, bleached and unbleached (in ....
KfclllNAlNl SALE , en - ths of 2 to 3*. yards); Bleached and Un- . i
bleached Toweling* (from 2 to 8-yard lengths), will ba closed out
at a reduction of 30 per cent from regular low* prices. 
-
DRESS GOODS AT LESS THAN '/ PRICE,
38-inch All Wool Imported Beige Suit- , 38-lnch Solid Color Tufted suiting*. In I
lngs. In light and medium gray and tan navy blue. tan. .green, brown and cadet, I
mixtures, extra good quality, every yard d th 75c clearance OPT,-.
SMfef^V.r^^.-^7^/:. P " 25C _.'£.. T,-i'*.™.:..™:"™. 35c
REMNANT SALE OF BLACK GOODS, I
Great selling of Black Good* has left »gW»«»^ <»«»«« i-Hr/we'marted
just skirt length*) ot < HOICE BLACK CREPONNES and .-klJ.h>. which we marKea m
down fur to-morrow at from 30 to 40 per cent from regular prices. fi
GREATEST VALUES IN SILK DEPARTMENT. |
1200 yards extra' heavy quality, rich. • Corded Taffetas. this season's latest 1
fancy Silks In stripes, check* and plaids. styles, In new shades of blue, pink, cyrano. ■
B ljigj^^i 50 and s. turquoise: regular price fin- I
Jl 25 a yard. Clearance Price, per 'J PZc ' 7, 7. i>,.™ v .h UUv I
yar; j '_" *♦ lOv i Jl a yard. Clearance Price, jard.. yr*«-r*w i
FIRST GREAT REMNANT SALE OF SiLKS
begins to-morrow. A reduction of 30 per cent from regular low
prices lias been made on all silk remnants, comprising black and
fancy silks containing from 1 to 10 yards. y
LADIES' WRAPPERS. * BLACK SILK WAISTS. ,
18 dozen Ladies' extra quality assorted made of extra quality Swiss Taffeta, lined I
Lawn and Percale Wrappers, extra wide, ' throughout; this seasons latest cut: sizes 1
in very choice patterns, with ruffled 32 to 42: assorted styles; broken lines f
flounce, collar* and cuffs braid trimmed; that were sold at $7 50 and $6 .-*'. C^.Uft I
very fine' fitting; all sizes: regular Clearance Price, each V^ I
$2 50 wrappers. Clearance Price, fi_l-- { " > •■■'- f.
each <P'
pnrrnN quirt waktc I SILK PETTICOATS. quality Taffeta j
UUllUll Olllnl iVMIOIOi 10 _ oze n. made .of extra quality Taffeta 1
Great reduction in all Cotton Shirt Silk, in all newest shades and black, that 9
Waists; 25 dozen $150 and $1 25 "TPZc . wefe sold at * s 50. clearance <g xf H5 1
Waists. Clearance Price, each — C *3\m< ' Price, each *£J* ■ J
SEE WINDOW/ DISPLAY, g
COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. |
» ;■; ■ !
E_a_-----P-**sMi!iJll**^ ir_
HEAVY LOSS BY
FIRE AT FRESNO
Number of Buildings Go
Up in Flames.
— ♦ —
ONE MAN FATALLY INJURED
— »- — '
ELEcTIMC COMPANY LINEMAN
FALLS FROM A POLK
♦
Two Large Stables Are Among- the
Structures Buvne I and Several
Valuable Racehorses Are
Incinerated.
♦-
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
FRESNO, July. 1.-s.— One of the most dis
astrous fires in the history of Fresno
broke out shortly after 9 o'clock last
night in a small wood-en shed a few feet
north of the City Livery Stables, con
ducted by G. . \\\ Pearson. A few min
utes previous the volunteer fire depart
. in. -m had been summoned to another part
of the city by a false alarm, and when
it reached the scene of the real confla
'. gration the livery stable was. a mass of
flames. All hope of saving the stable
was given up and the department devoted
Its efforts toward saving the surrounding
buildings.
The fire shot across the street and with
in a few minutes another large stable, be
longing to Dorsey _ Parker, was ablaze.
By this time the fire had created a
draught, which carried sparks from the
burning buildings in all directions, and it
was not long before a half-dozen smaller
buildings in the block were burning. The
firemen were confused at first, but they
finally got control of the conflagration
within two hours from the time the alarm
was turned in. •
The chief losses, aside from the build
ings, were several fine racehorses i be
longing to Jerrold & Ketehum and "White
Hat" McCarthy. One of these was Trade
Wind, the trotter given to 'McCarthy by
Lord Talbot Clifton. Trade Wind "was
purchased in San Francisco seven or eight
years ago for $23,000. .
Besides. Trade Wind, five local racers
were burned. These included two colts
belonging to F. A. Jerrold arid C. F.
Ketehum, a pacing mare belonging to A.
A. Blaslngame, another mare and a sorrei
running horse belonging to Qua Eisen of
the Eisen vineyard. The loss in horses
alone will probably exceed $50,000.
The buildings were both frame struct
ures, but very large, and contained hay
buggies, harness, etc.. valued at several
thousand. dollar--. The Cltv Livery Stables
were the property of the German Savings
and Loan Society of Ban Francisco and
were partly insured, though the amount of
the insurance is not known. The con
tents belonged to the lessee, G. W. ~ Pear
son, who carried no insurance. Dorsey _
Parker's stable was insured. Their loss
will probably not exceed $5000. 'the other
buildings destroyed were small structures
and of no great value.
While the lire was in progress Gr-orgc
Anderson, a lineman in the employ of the
San Joaquin Electric Company, ascended
a polo near the seat or the conflagration
to repair an electric light wire which had
become loosened from its fastening-- He
was suddenly seen to fall, striking the
pavement on his left side. He was picked
up in an unconscious condition and taken
to the hospital, where he received medical
attendance. It is not thought that he can
recover. The supposition is that he re
ceiyea a shock while repairing the wire
which caused him to fall. The attending
physician gave it as his opinion that the
man had been fatally injured internally.
.During the fire several of the main wires
of the San Joaquin* Electric Company's
plant were burned off, leaving the town
in total darkness for several hours.
Several theories have.been advanced as
to the origin of * the Are. Many persons
think it was incendiary. The fact that
the Are .department was decoyed to a
distant part of the town by a false alarm
just before the fire -, broke oui
strengthens this theory. The same. thing
occurred at the time of the great pack
ing house fire here last fall. Had the flri
department been able to respond -whet
the alarm was turned in there was n«
doubt the buildings could nave . beet
saved.
In addition to the horses that wen
burned there were several others in th«
City Livery Stables when the lire brokt
out.' They were driven into the street and
allowed to care for themselves.
THE OLYMPIA SAILS
• FROM PORT SAID
Admiral Dewey Expects to Reach
New York by the First of
October.
Special Cable to The Call and the New Yorlf
-Herald. Copyrighted, 1599. by James Gor
don Bennett, . * - ".
PORT SAID, July 15.— The Olympic
sailed this morning at 10 . o'clock * fot
»Trieste. Admiral Dewey is looking re
markably well, and all the others are
fairly well. Dewey states that he does
not know at present what his next port
after Trieste will be. but says that his in
tention is to reach New York by the lsi
day of October. The Olympia took on 1000
tons of coal. ~ 7 -
Massachusetts Jurist Bead.
BOSTON, July 15.— Walbridge Abnei
Field. Chief Justice of the Supreme Ju
dicial Court of Massachusetts, died to
night at his home in this city, aged 66.
He served a. term in Congress from the
Third Massachusetts district. Judge Field
was the father of . Mrs. A. P. PUlsbury
of Minneapolis. •
1 —
?..77:7.. 7 Dependable Drugs
Farmers'
Save
• Money
On your medicine and drug
purchases. Medicines for the
family; for stock — sold here
it a big-saving over the regular
prices. ' " .
Free delivery, to railroad
points within ioo miles on or-
ders of $5 or over — money
must come with order.
You get what you order.
Merchant's Gargling Oil
Good for man or beast; regu-
lar selling price 25c. 2 °*^
Kilmer's- Swamp .Root
• For liver, kidney and blad-
der. The dollar size. 7°^
Kirk's Blue Grass. Powder
Condition powders for hogs, j
horses, cattle, sheep, poultry. 2ZC
Regular price 350 :
Paine's Celery Compound
We have cut this down from £_ . j
$I— save nearly half here. * ooc |
Mexican Mustang Liniment
A well known horse remedy. _ !
Usually sells for 25c. . 2 ° c j
J_g__a_a. /^^ ClVOos3T,^x_9 i^- :^ , U
■J 1 128 Market St £_=___>
1 -t.,Sou'.i 356. .. San Francisco
10th and Broadway (Tel. Main 309) OaklandBAKER CAUSES AN
INTERSTATE FIGHT
Embezzler Says He Was
Kidnaped.
*__
WILL NOT PLEAD AT BOSTON
— » — .
SQUABBLE TN COURT OVER THE
QUESTION OF BAIL.
* .
Massachusetts Authorities Refuse to
Abide by Customs in Washing
ton State and Hold Fugi
tive in Heavy Bonds.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON. July 15.— A big Interstate fight |
between Washington and Massachusetts .
was instituted here to-day, a Washington !
man having been kidnaped and brought !
here by the Boston police. There was a
big sensation ln court hero to-day when j
W. E. Baker, the alleged embezzler of j
|SOO from the Adams Express Company, i
who escaped from Captain Dugan and In- i
spector Morrlssey in San Francisco and |
was recaptured and landed here yester- ;
day, was arraigned and held in $4000 bail. •
Baker would not plead to the Indictment
against him. acting upon the advice of his '
counsel in such refusal. His refusal is on (
the ground that the court has no jurisdic
tion and that he was illegally arrested at
Seattle. Motions were filed to-day for dis
missal "or false arrest.
Assistant District Attorney Sughrue j
thought substantial bail should be fixed.
He said that the defendant had a dispo- .
sition to avoid prosecution, and he thought
ball should be fixed at $0000. Defendant's j
counsel. Attorney Swasey, opposed the j
motion as most extraordinary. He said
the defendant was in Seattle for a year, j
and when extradition proceedings were !
begun he was admitted to bail in $300. The
amount alleged to have been embezzled
was less than $400, and he thought $1000 |
was ample bail.
He said it was the Intention of the law |
to give a man his liberty on bail. Attor- i
ney Bunyon of counsel for defendant re- [
ferred to the "kidnaping.'' He said the j
defendant was taken from hi- cell and j
out of the State at midnight. His rights i
as a citizen of Washington were not re
spected. He had not taken advantage of |
all his constitutional rights when he was j
taken away. He was instructed that his I
arrest was' false and illegal, and when at I
San Francisco he did escape. He had a j
right to do so. He thought $1000 ample i
bail. If bail were fixed at $5000 the friends I
of the prisoner, upon whom he depends j
for bail, would be predjudlced against j
him. .
Mr. Sughrue ridiculed the Idea that the I
defendant was illegally held. He. said
that if Baker were placed on a smaller
ball he might go away on the same pre
tense that he was illegally held and that j
he had a constitutional right to do so. ,
After a long argument the court finally j
concluded to fix bail at $4000. and the de
fendant was remanded to jail.
Two motions have been filed for his dis- i
charge. This is the principal one in sub- j
stance: Baker alleges that he was an in- .
habitant of and resident of the State of
Washington; that he was wrongfully,
forcibly and against his will and without |
process of law brought from said State of
Washington to this county and without |
proper extradition, and that he is now un- |
der a false arrest and appears in this j
. court against his will and while under I
false arrest. -
Mr. Sughrue aid not think the court \
should follow the custom In Washington. ;
He said that counsel for the defendant re- ;
ferred to the fact that in that State bail j
had been fixed at $3<X). but the Assistant
District Attorney said he wanted to re- j
mind the court that in that same State
bail had been fixed at either $300 or $500
In a case where the man was charged ■
with bribing a Jury. (This was an allu- i
Bi in to the Foy case.) He said that in,
fixing ball the court assumed that the
defendant was guilty.
Redding Votes Against Bonds.
REDDING. July 15.— The proposition to J
bond the city for $20,000 for the purchase j
of a lot and the erection of a new public
school building was voted down to-day.
The lack of interest manifested was re
markable. One hundred and forty-four
votes were cast, forty-six in favor and
ninety-eight against. Redding needs a
new school building very much, and the
people generally are In favor of building.
The conditions of the present bond pro
posal, however, were not favorable. Out
of $20,000 raised by the bonds it was pro
posed to pay off $6000 of old school bonds,
and the people believed the $14,000 remain
ing would be insufficient to erect such a
building as is required, since a high
school also must be provided.
SPECIAL!
TO OUR
Soldier Boys
JA F>ER CENT
11) DISCOUNT
ON ANY SHOE IN OUR
IMMENSE STOCK.
SQ RtT ___w____6
Men's Extra Quality Tan Vici Kid and
Russia Calf Lice Shoes, with welted
sewed soles and the latest
style coin toes, a regular tfl*J Ff\
$5 value ior ... UviuU
SPECIAL PRICESTN LADIES' AND
CHILDREN'S TAN SHOES.
SOME UNUSUAL VALUES ON
OUR BARGAIN COUNTER.
See Oar Windows for Styles and Prices.
AIL ORDERS PROMPTLY FILLED.
NOLAN BROS.,
PHELAN BUILDING,
812-814 Market Street.
\^^_ Dr. R. L Walsh
Js&S__?^a_b>_ •***•■& OE - * T - ST.. •>-*■
j__a3s^**^^-w Hy-o and LarMn.
B_fcß>_-li£g^-_. __» - ? '*- !l - I * e '''» Extraction..
*Ml_^_*t£_i_* Crowai* ', '. '. '. '. '. '. '. '. '. oatoo
—*-*4_ s £ !: frtf*i-*r- 3- t, 'e)rt*-«olor«ii' Pliitfe.,
90.00
Oontlmuma Own Flat** (no bail Joint*) our
epe.la.lty, Hay. raoolved TEN Urat prizoe for
t£l« brunch of 4*_ttst_r. X* atudaat*. M
/MM* txparieoc*. I
PLEASURE JAUNTS
FOR THE TEACHERS
TRIPS TO POINTS
OF INTEREST
Excursions Run From
Los Angeles.
■ — —
CROWD VISITS SAN DIEGO
—*—
EXODUS FOR THE EAST HAS
BEGUN.
c
Two Splendid Concerts Given at the
Convention City as a Farewell
to the Thousands of
Instructors.
»— —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, July 15.— de
parture of the teachers and others
who came to Los Angeles to at
tend the National Educational As-
soclation convention has begun in
earnest and over" 2000 of the visitors
will have left Los Angeles by Monday
morning. The Southern Pacific took
out sixteen sleepers at noon, while to
night fourteen additional cars went
north. All accommodations on the Owl
are taken to July 18. The Southern Pa
cific trains to-morrow will all be
crowded. The lowans closed their
headquarters last night, as did also the
Arkansas delegation. The California
headquarters were closed this evening.
The Charleston, S. C, delegation and
the book concerns have folded their
tents and gone.
i Notwithstanding these departures the
arrivals from the. East continue large.
The teachers that are still here have
begun their summer jaunts to the sur
rounding points. The Santa Fe had a
big excursion to San Diego and another
around the kite-shaped track. One ex
tra sleeper went East on the Santa Fe.
Most of the visitors now here will re
main in and about Los Angeles for at
least another week.
The Houghton party of teachers left
at noon to-day for San Franicsco, and
the northern metropolis may expect an
influx of visitors for several weeks.
Of the Eastern States Illinois has had
the largest delegation at the conven
tion, as over 800 members registered
from that State. At this meeting the
largest State attendance naturally was
that of California. The largest city '■
delegation came from San Francisco. i
It numbered about 265.
The two concerts that to-night were
given in Hazards Pavilion and in |
Simpson Tabernacle have been eagerly
awaited. The programmes were so I
varied and so choice that lovers of
music found that Los Angeles pos
sessed much capable musical material. :
The chorus of 500 voices at the pavilion
marked a new epoch in musical circles, j
while the 100 women's "voices at Simp- j
son Tabernacle revealed a broad musi- j
cal cultivation. As these concerts were
NOT IN FAVOR
OF ARBITRATION
Afraid Germany Will Be
Caught in a Trap.
— _-♦ — .
BERLIN PAPERS UNEASY
♦ r
ACCUSE AMERICA ANT> ENGLAND
OF HYPOCRISY.
4~—
Present Attitude of Delegates at The
Hague Said to Be Not in Ac
cord With the Acts of the
Nations They Represent.
Copyrighted, 18.99, by the Associated Press.
BERLIN. July 15.— Now that a plan
for arbitration has been adopted at The
Hague and the articles regulating war
fare on land have been published, the
press is devoting much attention to the
work of the peace conference. Notwith
standing? the tone ,of skepticism with
which the conference is generally treated,
the opinion is fully expressed that the
results will be considerable and perma
nent. It is admitted that the exagger
-1 ated hopes indulged in by some that the
1 conference would do something to make
'war well nigh impossible in the future
I have not been fulfilled, but it is pointed
! out that the conference is not therefore
i a failure by any means. 7~ ; .a
The Pan-Germanic Deutsche Zeitung.
referring to the arbitration Plan, la ..ex
ceedingly uncomfortable over the thought
that Germany may be "caught in this
trap," and says it thinks the permanent
> I bureau will ''become a place for i_ng
• llsh intrigue." ■. .. •
In tf eating the question some of the
papers point out that the United States
and Great Britain have not shown in
practice as much zeal for arbitration as
they have displayed at The Hague. The
refusal of the United States to arbitrate
tho case with Spain, and Great Britain
refusal to so settle the Transvaal diffi
culty are mentioned by the Kreuz Zeitung
and National Zeitung as inconsistent with
their positions at The Hague.
The papers also comment on the United
States' refusal to arbitrate the IJazclton,
FA., affair, as requested by Austria, as be
ing inconsistent with the attitude of the
I American delegates. Otherwise the work
i of the American delegates. Is referred to
: in complimentary terms.
i Great Britain's role at The Hague Is
commented upon with much less approval.
The refusal to abandon the dum-dum bul
let causes bitter remarks upon the sub
ject of what the papers style "England's
uncivilized methods/of warfare."
The Cologne Yolks Zeitung calls atten
tion to the continuous increase of exports
from the United States; while the imports
are continually declining, and confesses
that the United Stages is growing more
nnd more independent of foreign coun
tries It says: "In the iron industry al
ready the United States is strong enough
I to beat England and Germany.*-
The Agrarian Deutsche Tages Zeitung
nrlnts an article claiming that the assert
ed superiority of American agricultural
methods Is an error, adding that the only
advantage the American ha* over the
flermanfarmer Is In tho abundance of vir
gin Toll aid lower taxation.
The announcement that Russia is about
to order field guns in the United States is
received with doubt here. The Neuezten
Nachrichten. owned by several large man
ufacturers, claims to know from an un
questionable source that the report is ut
terly untrue, asserts that It Is the product
I of American imagination and love of ad
' vertisement, and adds: "The Russian _r
' -UI-tt staff Is too serious and ' well In
i formed to go for guns to a land that In
this branch of manufacture has not yet
I thrown aside its baby __>__••"_ ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 16, 1899.
<*> The Newly Elected President of the National Educational Association.
complimentary to the visiting teachers,
standing-room early was at a premium.
The latest official data as to the at
tendance at the Los Angeles session of
■ the National Educational Association
| demonstrates that when the figures are
: all in the total "number of teachers at
! tending will be found to have exceeded
'■ 15,000. Secretary Shepard said that last
1 night at the close of business there had
i been issued in Los Angeles 11.372 Na
| tional Educational Association mem.
: berships. To this sum must be added
! 200 memberships that to-day were is
! sued. This means a total of 11,572,
i which does not include the 500 mem
' berships in the hands of Professor. J.
i A. Foshay, nor the memberships that
'< will be included from one-third of the
! California counties that have not re
! ported. If to this be added 1600 member
j ships of active members that paid for
their dues, but were not ticketed, the
1 final total of all figures is 15.122, when
STORY OF CHEYNE'S
DEATH IS RETOLD
Witnesses Testify in the
Corcoran Trial.
— —
DEADLY WORK AT WARDNER
— —
POOR MARKSMANSHIP SAVED
SOME INTENDED VICTIMS.
But the Prosecution Has Not Yet
Succeeded in Identifying the
Defendant as One of the
Murderous Rioters.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WALLACE. Idaho, July IB.— That the.
rioters who destroyed the Bunker Hill
mill and murdered two men did not kill
more, according to • the evidence to-day,
| was due solely to their poor marksman
ship. The desire to take human life was
present; victims were there in plenty and
the escape of all but two is little short* of
miraculous.
The testimony presented by the State
to-day was directed toward proving the
I killing of Cheyne, with whose murder Paul
Corcoran stands charged. Five witnesses
who were captured by the mob that took
Cheyne's life were examined. R. K.
Rogers, stenographer, and William Huff,
assayer, both in the employ of the Bun
ker Hill Company, were stopped by a
body of masked and armed men as they
were leaving the mill and taken prisoners.
A few moments afterward Cheyne, who
was vanner man at the mill, was seen
making his way along the flume He was
ordered to join the crowd, which he did.
There was evidently a mistake made as
to ('heme's identity, for he was thought
by the rioters to be the mill boss. They
slapped his face and applied vile epithets
to him. * They then ordered him to go
down tho railroad track past the mill.
To this he demurred, saying that it was
an outrage to compel a man to go there
as the fuse had been lighted which would
! soon explode thousands of pounds of
1 dynamite. His refusal seemed to anger
the mob and they ordered Huff, Rogers
I and Cheyne to run for their lives.
Rotters was struck on the head, and
desperate and half crazed the three men
' Blunged down the hill. . Then the mob
ordered them to stop, but the frightened
men never paused. Half way down the
hill Huff stumbled and fell. As he did
bo a bullet carried away part of his upper
lip. Then the mob tired volley after vol
ley after the fleeing men. The bullets
tore un the ground all about them and cut
the shrubbery through which they ran.
Chevne fell, but the others kept on. Huff
reached the river and plunged in. The
! swift current soon carried him out of
i range of his tormentors. Rogers ran up
the street toward the depot and got away
I without further Injury. Mrs. Sinclair and
Mrs. Simons saw Cheyne fall and went to
! his assistance.. He was afterward re
; moved to Spokane, where he died from
! the effects of his wound. . •
The prosecution announced to-day that
! they would probably finish their .testi
-1 mony by Tuesday. The defense- will not
< reouire more than two or three days, and
the case will be submitted to the jury
next Saturday or the following Monday.
No evidence has yet been adduced directly
connecting the defendant with the crime,
and much speculation Is being indulged
■in as to whether the prosecution can
1 identify him as having been one, of those
who shot at Cheyne. or whether it will
! seek a conviction upon evidence showing
1 that he was a member of the miners
union, to which organization the masked
i mob undoubtedly belonged.
i Freight transferred at low rate*, Signal
I Transfer 00., 530 Jones; tel. Butter 441. rl
O. T. CORSON,
I 1350 for unreported California counties
: are reported.
The retiring president. E. Oram Lyte,
cannot say enough nice things of the
j reception given by Los Angeles to the
' visiting teachers.
Said Mr. Lyte to-night: "The meet
i ing compares from an educational
I standpoint with any ever held. The ad
j dresses were able and the speakers
bright. Words cannot describe the
pleasure of the visitors. I have heard
nothing but praise from the thousands
who have spoken to me— not one single
j complaint, and I was placed where I
i would naturally hear complaints if
1 there were any. Even the weather,
I which seems to have aroused some, ap
prehension among Angelenos, was more
] pleasant than at any meeting for the
| past half dozen years. In point of size,
1 this was the largest and best attended
. meeting ever held in the history of the
I association."
GROWERS ACCEPT
CROCKER'S OFFER
Will Give Him Control of
the Market.
•- —
CLOVERDALE MASS-MEETING
a — : —
VINEYARD OWNERS ATTEND IN
NUMBERS. "
' _ — -
All That Now Remains Is to Attach
Signatures to the Contracts
for Delivery . of the
Crops.
Special Disratch to The Call.
CLOVERDALE, July 15.— T0-day J
marks a new era in the wine industry
of Northern Sonoma. The meeting of }
winegrowers in response to the request
of H. J. Crocker was attended by over
250 vineyardists and winemakers from j
Dry Creek, Geyserville, Cloverdale and
Healdsburg. The large citrus Fair Pa
vilion was well filled with growers,
winemakers and visitors and enthusi
asm ran high. The meeting was organ
ized with E. G. Furber, president, and
George B. Baer, secretary. On opening
the meeting Mr. Furber said: . _..;
"We meet to-day to face new condi
tions, which cannot but alleviate the
hardships and poor prices of former
years. Cloverdale, with her tremen
dous wine resources, will undoubtedly
receive benefits which will be lasting. !
Property will enhance in value and j
farmers will regain the solid footing of
former years. The man responsible for |
the -new conditions and brighter future
is H. J. Crocker, and we are met to
gether to encourage the cause."
P. C. Rossi, president of the Italian- '
Swiss Colony, followed and said: "Mr. {
Crocker intends to establish a good,
fair value. Probably, ln one year prices j
will go up, but past experience shows |
that without organization and solid
control prices will go back to a figure
without profit to growers, manufac- I
turers and retailers. Perhaps the price !
is small, but it is nevertheless a good,
fair price." '
A Sbarboro, the secretary of the '
Italian-Swiss colony, said: "I. heartily I
favor the proposition. It will give value
to vineyard properties. The price is a
third higher than in the past ten years. ]
I believe the same! ratio will continue
the next ten years if the proposition is j
not accepted. I believe Mr. Crocker's ,
object is principally philanthropic and j
hope he will succeed. Farmers should
not be speculators. If Mr. Crocker con- j
trols- the grape crop of California he i
will distribute it among existing wine j
cellars, thus working no . harm to any |
Industry established."
F. Albertson said that "this most lib- !
eral offer will enhance the value of.
vineyards from 30 to 40 per cent, pro- j
viding Mr. Crocker can-control the en- |
tire crop and wine output."
James Mille of Healdsburg declared !
"that the . proposition guaranteed the :
success of the industry, as old condi- '
tions will return unless there is unity !
of action."
"W. Q. Witter of San* Francisco, who I
owns, large vineyards, .'said:-"- "The |
growers here should be satisfied. Few I
sections . can grow good wine grapes, j
The Sonoma Valley from Santa Rosa i
north to Cloverdale Is especially fa- j
UiJ-yi THE EMPORIUM. i; '| . THE EMPORIUM. />;:; | . TH- EMPORIUM.
*&**¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥%*
* July is the progressive merchant's house-cleaning time. Ml J
fr of the broken lines of Summer Goods are reduced now to close «•.
*.. them out quickly. Expect' to find hundreds of bargains when %
J you come to the "Big Store that never get into the papers at all. , J
I IfieCrane MeiVsrurnishinqs J
* The Big Store has purchased the entire stock '•/' "^ =^^^^^JI *
lof Crane, the Montgomery-street Haber- A"y "W^^ *
J dasher, at a very low price— new. .clean, high-class H^^L-^d Ipif "J
fr Men's Furnishings from the best makers of America. Beginning Nlon- [mST *M*VWiI 7 *
J day, and until all is disposed of, we offer these - excellent •■•; \^m i ' «
{ goods at an average of sixty- five cents on the dollar. The £« ff "n J
* few bargains quoted below are an index of 'the hundreds of money-saving *
J possibilities that this sale will afford:.' , Nj 9^ j J
fr Shirts. Crane's 35c Summer Weight Pink or Hosiery. J
fr " ,„, .-/S7- , Blue Shirts or Drawer* /£?C rv««__J»_i «_% Voiii^al w,.r.i nr«a_ ' IKn^B
* Crane's 50c Unlaundered Shirts, m £, Grane , 500 B '.ne Ribbed Heavy .Bal- gane s 2oq «» 1^ Ho...^ffO *
J c"-ne ; s-75c'Boys"stanIey a to'K' "dSE^ C — '* &C Fancy Striped Cotton H_s, J
fr Crane's 85c and $1 Colored Stiff wear .,..,.... 38c '."'A ;"or«""""n'; "*""*««*
fr Bosom Shirts, all men's sizes 39c Crane ' 3 $1.25 - lhrea d BntferW <J"°" .gj J^t^W^"'!?? J
* Crane's $1 - Crepes, silk fronts, and re v's make :..: 68c Cranes 20c Black Cotton Hos^..fO_?
* Percale or Madras Golf Shirts, odd lots- L °S 8 I - Fine Ribbed Medium Cranes 5 ° 3 Ho ; eproof Sox, about lo *
J Percale or Madras (rOif hnirts, old lot^ Crane's 7oc F.ne Ribbed Meuum d OZ3n o nJv 3&C *i
j S^^#sSi;^iSiK_ w^^L^hVß-u.woo[-^- j^"> «"^w-s=r "jg *
{ White Laundered Scfr^ai. *afi wear UkArim 0 r Drawers, all sizes. .83c Cone's *^Br^n^ooi FOOS di *
fr Cranes or- M_nr>lrwn-M* all Crane , g odd bro , {QD J()tg> fa fineit Cranes oOc Brown Wooi bootless J,
fr Cranes 25c NOCKWOar, an Crane , g odd brokeD , otBj h fine;t H^ 2Qo *
J sorts • goods, too small to advertise— cost or Crane's $1 Boys' Sweaters...; 65© «
* O.W MS ill Shirts aild -ess-- Crane's $1.25 Men's Sweaters..... 7oo *g
» Neckwear, quantities of Collars. Miscellaneous. %
i each 100 small to advertise, Crane , 2> - c ,. cluett - Brand Col . 10c Colored Bordered HaM- ;
J all at 6SC On the dollar. lars I7C Small lots of Fine Neckwear, Han'dker- J
\ _ ' _ . . Crane's 20c "Coon" Brand Collars, al' chiefs. Suspenders, Lawn Goods, etc., go 3,
fr Underwear. s ZiS ..2 for 25C at the same great reduction. » 4
* Crane's 50c Vienna Heavy Balbrij^an Crane's 15c "Arrow" Brand Collars, all Sale commences at 8 a.m. Monday. «
J Shi' or Drawers, broken sizes 380 sizes.., • Wo See window bargains. . }
* For {Monday Only.' J| Silk Sale* %
% Seven Strong Specials from Mond and Uni „ Soldp |
$ Grocery and Liquor Dep ts. Choice $1.00 Silks for 59cm%
* 00/fOO-Emporium Mocha and Java, will compare favor- __ __ ? Monday and durJ th . fol , owing daya *
J abiy with the highest priced Coffee in the city, regularly <£c untii gold a i arge co Action of" very handsome Waist Silks, ex- J
fr lb, Monday only JVC qui3 ; te in weave a ,d colorings; these Silks are all this season's 4
» Plagniol— Genuine French Lucca Oil, large 50c hot*'*--, production-;, most ys tn stripes and Jacquard figured stripe «
fr on Monday - 350 Taffetas, in a variety of pleasing patterns; the colors are prin- »#
» Flour- Whole Wheat or Graham, 10-lb sacks, on Monday cipaly blues, greens, purples, cyrano, corn and navy; the regu- <
J only lor 20C lar retail value of th?se Silks is $1 per yard; it': the best silk *
* Soap -Cadahy'i "Diamond C," a splendid kitchen soap, bargain of the year at the sale price.......... 590 _
* to-day, 14 large bars •• 5Qc : — ........... *
J Mineral Water— Lytton Springs, Monday, while sup- or Monday Only. %
* P,yoD Qu_rts a regularly $2.25 dozen for $1.40 SpCCial One-Day ,* Sale Of%
* Quarts, regularly $2.25 dozen for $i.4Q SpQCial 6i One-Day SaSe Of J
J Pints, regularly $1.50 dozen, for... $1.00 ShOCtS, PHIOW CaSBS, Com - J
* Bourbon-' Old Crow," spring '90, on Monday only: forterS and CatttOn fiannelm *
* Quarts, regularly $1.35, for $1.00 Pitiow Gases of the excellent Pequot Sheeting, wel l J
*> Gallons, regularly $5, for 7 $3.75 ma de, "with 2-inch Hem, size 54x36 inches, special price Mon-
fr Zinfandßlk choice Claret, regularly 75c gallop on d^^^j ;^iV
fr Monday • • oou dry ironed ant torn by hand, finished with a nice 2-inch hem. **'
T — ■ " siz* 81x90 inches, rp^cisl price Mindly only„. .......?8o J
» f _*-*i-_e_9 Ts.SI--w.inn __\-*k_'f Unbleached Canton Flannel-A good, ay/, *
J . _mtMUMC9 M *_*§**> »**•*§*> •* seiv.ceable Fiafine:, 30 inches wide, warm and durable, and will J
* Lldies' Tailor Dresses, mide up in newest and biSt wa«h wall, special price Monday only, per yard............ 80 Z
* _ . , - ,-._-. ' - \.i.>„4„ ~-*.jr ~.,j -// Comforters for donble beds, good weight, filled with
fr Styles, Workmanship the best , complete goods and all, n^Zn!ilcotvZ covered with figured cheese cloth and tufted, J
jt $25 to $100. Your lie rials Used it desired size 72x80 inches, special pric? Monday only, each..... 98 O<!
fr — — - —^^ — : ,j~ ~~ j^ ~ *
» Special one-day WBfiff F f^f 1 1 l7 ' /;rs ' // -" rrfr " s " *
fr sales until M Bg^ ■▼ B ffi SJ Mm DAaniCUl " %
% ZaTourdlX P ' Oolden %uße Bazaar. ™ sa/e of switches *
fr advertisements. California's Largest— America's Grandest Store. Monday, Tuesday, J
*-,_A____AaA---**-4^a4*<M»nn»**tt*<MtM»aaM»***aa*»**
vored and produces the best wines in
the section. The offer is a good busi
ness proposition."
Thomas. Smith of Geyserville said he
was "heartily in favor of the plan and
was sorry he had contracted for $12,
when he could have received $14 from
Mr. Crocker. • The move was best for
the wine Industry, as the average for
the past ten years had been $6 per ton."
George Hall of Cloverdale declared
that it was a good scheme and more
than could be expected. He was in fa
vor of It first and last.
William Caldwell, president of the
Citrus Fair Association, said: "I am
feeling encouraged to see a man like
Crocker make' this move. It is the best
thing that could . happen, and I will
Strong Men Rule the World!
Men of vital ener Sy as * well a3 brain P owe i"; : These
■ _^^&^F Siv^^v &Te 'k® men who are on top— who fill leading posi-
' (wS^-T^?* T^^^ s^!^ tions. So important a factor in man is strength that
for ages "Might" was "Eight." Strength and cour-
-2|§fc* w *M<^ a S e are necessary to success; existence without
."^ggg- them is a dead life, like a decayed tree. .Such a
•— g^Sfll. J'' im£S~ man is no good to himself nor others. Whatever
your purpose in life, you need the vigor and vim of
vitality to work out that purpose. When a man not
vet forty feels himself old, losing his grit, his nerve
'^^_tW_l_\^____^_ P° wer > ifc is ti,ne t0 halt WEAK * SICKLY MEN
3^g^.^^^\^^^ s^ GET STRENGTH. You can easily do so. The
l'l?W' A *l remedy which you need is Electricity, that flame of
§Men vital energy as well aa brain power. These
are the men who are on top— who fill leading posi-
tions. So important a factor in man is strength that
for ages "Might" was "Right." Strength and cour-
age are necessary to success ; existence without
them is a dead life, like a decayed tree. Such a
man is no good to himself nor others. Whatever
your purpose in life, you need the vigor and vim of
vitality to work out that purpose. When a man not
vet forty feels himself old, losing his grit, his nerve
power, it is time to halt. WEAK, SICKLY MEN
GET STRENGTH. You can easily do so. The
remedy which you need is Electricity, that flame of
life applied through
"^^^^^fe- Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt.
"^^^^Sp-m^P'b^^ This is a grand treatment, ready at hand, easv' to
_F/f F/ fc use, certain to cure. Proper advice is given you. You
r M^jSPBwJfl ( -gggr' _ wear the Belt thro' the evening hours ; and the glow,
___r_^^__^^^^^^^^^^^^: the life vigor it sends into your system is nature's
force overpowering your disease. This simple, scien-
tific remedy absolutely cures both, man and woman.
■■^^m^^^ffo^^fmL\^ ' It is a splendid restorer for Kidney. Trouble, Rheu-
■S'^-^^te^lA • matism, Prostration, Varicocele, Vital Weakness and
\ V Female Complaints. Proofs of all this come daily,
p^^p /«- L^-^p. such as are here given ; .they are sent in gratitude
. A / for good received and to guide others to the cure.
. Vital Weakness and Backache. I _ ; Rheumatism and Insomnia. . ■.-
- Petaluma (Cal.). July 4. 1899. Hotel Catalina. 439 P. Broadway,* Los Angeles. June 23, im
- _ » -M-T_„»>,iin Tioor *!lr- I have been wearing your Belt I Dr M. A. McLaughlin— Dear Sir: At the advice of a neighbor I
fne about your Belt. Yours truly. DOUlb fcLAM.t.I. jour irienn.
vm, need not suffer another day. This Belt will cure you. It pours Its current Into the nerve center, reaches every
nerve in the body weakness relieve, pain, yields a lasting* cure, and is the greatest invigorator ever discovered".
SEND FOR MY FREE BOOK, illustrating the Belt, or If you can. call and investigate. Address. , -. (
nr > ■ ■ -V llftl AllfHll 111 702 Market. Cor. Kearny, office hours-s. m to.o p.m.
Ulil RA A InuLnUUnLllV 6AN FRANCISCO, and NEVER SundaysJOtcl.
URI Ifll Hi IfluLnUUllLllll Cer. Spring M dS.oo_-.LofA_g.U.. NEVER SOLD IN DRUGSTORES.
:s____tmt—_t_moß_tHßKfi&_W*mm _WB_HBwkßs
support him all time."
John Field said: "The proposition is
fair. At the price offered .one can
make 20 per cent on his investment. It
will prove the salvation of the grape
growers." ; 7 H 7*- ■'- -'■'** '7V7.7.-
W. T. Brush, the banker, said: "I
feel safe to say I will advance more
money on crops owing to the assured
advanced values of ranch properties. I
control several vineyards, the owners
of which are all heartily in favor of the
plan." J ''■'-■ -•".;-'
Simon Plnschower pronounced the
proposition a safe one and advised all
his fellow vineyardists to "help the
good cause." : ~ ■:<■-■ -T.- v
W. J. Porterfield, who has conducted
a vineyard for thirty years, declared
the proposition a blessing to the com
munity.
"It is a good cause," said M. Meni
han, "with a good man behind it. Let
us give him our help; it is the grand
est idea as yet advanced."
Others expressed the same idea_.
among. whom were Paul de Hay, Paul
Lerouxi T. J. de Hay, John Turner, G.
B. Parr, _. Shelf ord, J. B. Gooley. J,
B. Elliott, G. Zolfo. and many other
producers. At the close of the meeting
by unanimous vote it was decided to
accept the proposition, and all that is
now necessary is to sign the contracts.
Cloverdale is all enthusiasm, mer
chants feel encouraged, and say that
should the proposition carry prospects
could not be better.
>6
SUNDAY JULY 16, 1899
iOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. •
Address Ail Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager. •
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main IKS.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to £21 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main IN
DELIVERED BT CARRIERS, IB CENTS PER WBEK.
Single Copies, C cents.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (tool-din* Sunday Call), one year *e.O!
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday Call). 6 months 8.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 3 month* 1.50
DAILY CALL- By Single Month 85c
SI'KDAT CALL Or.c Tear ." 1.60
WEEKLY CALL One Year 1-0°
All poßtrr.a_t«»T- are authorised to receive subecriptiena.
Sample cop'.es tvill be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE. .........'. 908 Broodwaj
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Bai!din&,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT!
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE
PERRY LUKENS JR 29 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House: Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Breatajoo, tl tfnioa Sq___w*
Karray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE .... Wellington Hotel
J. L_ ENGLISH. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9*30 o'clock- 367 Hayes street, ooen until
9:30 o'clock- 639 McAllister street, open until 30
o'clock. 615 Larkln street, open until 9=30 o'clock
-194! Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 25-91 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2515
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh*
street, open until 9 o'clock- NW- corner Twenty
second end Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "Lord and Lady Algy,."
California— "The I_*st 'Word."
Orpheum — Vaudevi lie.
Tivoli— "Blue Beard."
"Canaille." >
Grand Opera House— "Carmen."
Chutes, Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville efery afternoon
and evening. .
Olympia, corner Mason and Kills streets— Specialties.
Interstate Panorama Co., Market street, near Eighth ßat-
tle of Manila Bay.
Sutro Swimming Races, eto.-
Glen Park — Grand performance to-day.
Union Coursing Park— Cou* -Ing to-day.
Recreation Park— Baseball To-day.
Sherman-Clay .Hall— Lecture to-morrow night.
AUCTION SALES.
By Charles Levy & Co.— Monday, July 17, Furniture, at 1230
Post street, at 11 o'clock.
By S. Watkl ns— Thursday, July 20, Horses, at 310 Golden
Gate avenue.
By B. B. Bryan— Friday, July 21, at 11 o'clock, thorough-
bred horses, at 226 Fourteenth street.
BRITISH, POSTOFFICE SAVINGS.
/"\NE of the features of the operation of postal
ONE the features of Britain brought postal
savings banks in Great Britain brought out by
N-*^ the discussion of the subject due to the recent
laying of the foundation-stone of the great edifice in
West Kensignton is the effect which the opportunity
for saving has in promoting thrift among all classes of
people. That has been, in fact, the most notable result
of such banks in the United Kingdom, and the evi
dence of it is striking.
According to the- statements given by the Post
master General, the Duke of Norfolk, in his address at
the ceremony, the growth of the institution has been
remarkable. At the end of the first ten years there
were 1.500,000 depositor's, with a balance of .£19,000,
--000 to their credit. At the end of twenty years the
figures bad doubled, and now, after thirty-seven years,
there were nearly 8.000,000 depositors, with a balance
of £12;-.. 000.000. The number of offices at which de
posits could be made or withdrawn was upward of
12,000. As an illustration of the strong hold which
the institution had gained upon the population, the
Duke said, one out of every five persons in the
United Kingdom is now a depositor. It had been cal
culated that about four-fifths of the depositors be
longed to the working classes.
Such a tremendous increase of business done by the
postal bank would seem to imply a loss of business
to private bankers, or to trustee savings banks.
There has, however, been little or no such loss. The
London Mail, in commenting on the subject, says:
"This increase of postoffice business appears to repre
sent, in large measure at least, a real development of
habits "of thrift among the people, and not a mere
transfer of accounts from one agency of deposit to
another. Some of the older trustee savings banks
have been closed, it is true, but those which survive
are sounder than they ever were, and the total sum
deposited in trustee banks exceeds by several millions
the amount which they held when the postoffice sys
tem was established in 1861."
A further evidence that the postal banks do not
seriously cripple or interfere with private banks is
found in the fact that in Scotland, where there are
large facilities given for popular thrift, there is but
one depositor in the postal bank out of every four
teen, persons in the population, while in England and
Wales, where the facilities for saving through pri
vate bank** are less than in Scotland, there is one de
positor for every five inhabitants.
Considered from every point of view, the .postal
savings banks appear to fill an actual "need of a peo
ple. Where there is an opportunity to save, habits of
thrift will grow; but where no such opportunities
are provided, there will always be waste and want.
A long fight will be required to bring about the es
tablishment of such bank's here, and yet in no coun
try on the globe are they more needed. We have
wide areas of territory where there are no savings
banks at all, and where none are likely to be founded
by private parties. In such districts the temptations
to the wage-earner to spend his wages are many, but
the opportunities "for saving are few. The adminis
tration which establishes. postal banks will confer an
immense benefit upon millions of people.
_~a~~~B~~-~-a~-—M--B-_B-_a
The heart of Huntington has been made glad. W.
S. Taylor, who. as Attorney General of Kentucky,
did so much to protect the franchises of the Southern
Pacific .Company, has. been nominated for Governor
of the Blue Grass State by the Republicans.
A local henpecked husband who was battered by
his spouse induced a policeman to take him home
and intercede for him with the pugnacious wife. He
must have enjoyed himself after the officer left. V r
The two young rascals of Alameda who tortured a
child out of his senses "just for fun" ought to be
given an opportunity for a free play of their instinct
of humor behind the bars of a jail. ...
The Presidio private who wrote letters of undying
love to three girls and then killed himself seems to
have been as unsettled in his heart as he was in his
liead.
THE CORONER'S DUTY IN THE NEW
MAN WRECK- ;0f;
rROM the evidence obtained by The Call con
cerning the collision at Newman it appears as
clear as day the disaster cannot be passed over
as an unavoidable accident for which no one is to
blame. The exact amount of responsibility of any
one of the employes of the road involved in the af
fair cannot be fixed until the testimony of all of
them is obtained. Thus far they have kept silent un
der orders from the railroad managers, and will con
tinue to do so unless the law forces them to speak
out. It is for the Coroner of Stanislaus County to
compel them to do so. That is his duty in the New
man wreck.
■ The investigation should be thorough and it
should be comprehensive. It should be confined to
no narrow limits, nor should it be partial or incom
plete. The public canrtot afford to ignore the causes
of grave disasters of this kind, nor permit them to
remain the secrets of a railroad bureau.
In a careful review of the subject yesterday The I
Call pointed out the line of questioning the Coroner
should pursue in order to bring out all the facts of
the case. There are certain features of the disaster
which incline to the belief that the managers, of the
road are not wholly blameless, that their responsi- \
bility may be not less than that of the conductors, j
engineers, brakemen and the station-master at New- j
man. These features of the affair should- be ex- j
ploited as fully as any other. They should not be i
set aside for either fear or favor of the railroad mag
nates.
Among the facts which ought to be brought out
are these: Did the crews of the trains have ample j
time for sleep and rest before they were called out j
to take charge of the trains, or were they overworked
and exhausted? Why was the special train run past
Lathrop, over to Tracy, thence to Fresno via Men- I %
dota, when time and mileage can be saved on a road
going direct from Lathrop to Fresno, and on a line I
over which a train seldom runs at night?
These questions are not irrelevant to the acci
dent." If the trainmen were fagged and exhausted
from overwork it is clear the railway service has
been cut down to an inadequate force, and for that
the managers of the road are certainly responsible.
The course taken by the special is still more impor
tant to the issue. If the special had run from Lathrop.
to Fresno it would have had a clear track from all
trains in either direction from before the time it left
Sacramento until 5:30 a. m. On the Tracy-Men
dota line it was due to meet between i o'clock . at
Tracy and 5 o'clock at Fresno one regular freight.*
two regular passenger and several extras, besides two
tegular freights to overtake and pass.
These and all other questions involved in the dis
aster are for the Coroner to investigate. A great dis
aster has occurred, by which two people have been
killed and thirteen injured. The railroad officials
will of course try to pass it off as unavoidable. The
public looks to the Coroner to fix the blame where
it belongs. That is his duty.
MORGAN'S VIEW OF DEMOCRACY.
SENATOR MORGAN has long been one of the
most fervent of the advocates of the free coin
age.of silver. lie was one of the fiercest of the
foes of Cleveland and one of the most potent of the
Senatorial clique which split the Democratic party
rather than uphold the sound money policy of the
Cleveland administration. Now the old warhorse'
has had enough of cavorting like a wild colt. lie has
become serious again and longs for the harmony of
discipline in the party ranks. . /
The plan of the Senator is ingenious. He desires
to eliminate silver from the Presidential campaign,
but to leave it as an issue in the Congressional dis
tricts. He proposes that the. party nominate for the
Presidency a man who shall be non-committal on the
silver question, but who shall pledge himself to have
no policy to carry out against the will of the people.
As the Senator himself has expressed it, he would
nominate a man who would say to his party some
thing like this: "When my party is able in Congress to
pass a free coinage bill I will hot veto it, but will per
mit it to -become a law. Whatever my own opinions
j may be. I believe the combined wisdom of the men of
!my own party in Congress is better than mine. It
| might be possible that I should not personally think
that a free coinage law was the proper thing to enact,
but if your representatives in Congress believe other
wise, if, in your judgment, such a law will be for the
best interests of the county, such a law when enacted '
by you will stand."
The defection of Morgan from the Bryan camp is
not surprising. He has simply joined the other emi
nent leaders of his party. The Call has repeatedly
pointed out that the leading newspapers in the South
: crn States have been more or less open for some time
past in denouncing the folly of Bryanism. Morgan
I adds his voice to theirs in expressing Southern sen- j
i timent. The South has no silver mines to boom.
; Her statesmen see that in following the silver leaders
I the South has been placed in a false light before the
I country, and h how almost shorn of influence in Con- I
gress. Her politicians perceive that Bryanism is a !
sinking ship and they are ready to abandon it.
In the meantime it is to be noted that the. hold of
Bryan upon the masses of the Democratic party in
the North, at any rate, continues undiminished in
■ strength. That much was demonstrated by the out- ;
I burst of enthusiasm upon the utterance of his name
i at the Fourth of July celebration at Tammany Hall.
! The conservative sense of the leaders of his party in
I every "portion of the Union is against him, but with !
the radicals and the unreflecting masses he remains !
I as unquestionable a leader sis ever.
It appears from the present outlook as if the Demo
cratic convention of 1900 would be even more stormy
than that of 1896. The combination against Bryan
j next year will include almost every leader of the party
I who has a national reputation. He may succeed once j
I more in sweeping the delegates away from the do
; main of, common sense by the power of his oratory, !
I but, if so, the revolt that follows will be far greater [
! thai? that which organized the .Palmer and Buckner j
i movement. It will mean the total separation of the
conservative element from the Democratic party,
lcr.ving the name and the machinery in the hands of
the Populists, whom Democracy once fondly. thought I
j it would swallow as the tiger does the lamb. _
j THE FARMERS AND THE TARIFF- i
EASTERN manufacturers, flushed with the I
abundant prosperity attending their export
trade, have in many instances come to the con
• elusion that a protective tariff is no longer necessary
to their welfare. Their opinion, strangely enough,
seems to be shared to some extent by the Postmaster
General. At any rate, that official has been quoted
as saying in a recent-i nterview on the issues of the
day that a protective tariff is no longer so important
as it. was in times past..
As given by the New York Press, his exact words
j are these: "Protection has established, the complete
I industrial independence of this country. : More, than
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, JULY 16, 1899.
that, it may fairly be said that it has substantially es
tablished our industrial supremacy. This truth has
been demonstrated within the past two years, as we
are now beating the products of the Old World on
their own grounds. With this development of our
home industries to the point where they completely
possess the home market and are able also to reach
abroad, the protective issue has not the same vital
force it had during the period of struggle and devel- j
opment." '
It is gratifying to note that our New York con
temporary emphatically repudiates the doctrine thus
set forth and points out that to the farmers of the
country protection is an issue even more important
now than ever. As the Press says: ''To the farmer
whose tobacco fields have just recovered from the
ravages of Sumatran competition, and who sees .them
threatened by Porto Rican, Cuban and Philippine
competition; to the Southern fruit-raiser, whom the
Dingley law has rescued from the ruin of Mediter
ranean oranges in ballast and. now sees the whole
West Indies swim with the ken of rivalry; to the beet
sugar grower, to whom has been held forth the daz
zling prospect of a new $100,000,000 crop and now
has this prospect dimmed by the advocacy of Cuban
annexation by the President's own Commissioner to
Cuba— -to all these the question of the maintenance
of a protective tariff holds now anxieties which it
never knew before." ,
The experience of the country during the disas
trous days of the Wilson tariff showed the farmers
that their welfare was inseparably connected with that
of the miners and the manufacturers. When the mills
closed the home market of the farmer was diminished
so seriously that the price of all forms of his product
fell, and he suffered as much from the depression as
any other class of the community. The manufac
turers of the East will have a similar costly lesson if,
in pursuit of the export trade, they, should break
down the protection given to American farm
products. Should the prosperity of the agriculturists
be diminished, and their consuming power lessened,
the home market for American manufactures would
be at once so weakened that no export trade now in
sight could make up for the loss.
Protection remains a vital issue. ' The Pennsyl
vania manufacturers, following the lead of Carnegie,
may be inclined to regard it as of no further value,
but the common sense of the people of the country
at large is not likely to make such a mistake. They
will never be willing to sacrifice our fruit, tobacco,
sugar, wine and wool interests either to free trade or
to imperialism.
THE WOMAN'S CONGRESS.
WHILE comparatively little attention has been
' given in cables from Europe to the Interna
tional Congress of Women in London, the
press of England has given no little space to a record
of the proceedings. The assembly has been a no
table one in every respect, for it has been attended
by delegates from every quarter of the globe and rep
resenting every civilized race.
One of the notable features of the Congress has
been the strict decorum enforced at all the. meetings.
| The correspondent of the Manchester Guardian says:
"The proceedings everywhere were businesslike and
serious. Indeed, the feminine influence in the ar
rangements seemed to. show itself in an enthusiasm
; for discipline which developed into a kind of in
j genuous officiousness. Innumerable 'stewards' took
control, and strictly forbade any one to enter or leave
'•- a room during a speech. There was a certain pleas
urable reminiscence of early childhood in being or
dered about peremptorily by young ladies of the age
of an average pupil teacher in a national school, but
it proved to be a novel and serious impediment to
journalistic duties to be rigorously forbidden to pass
from one section to another."
The congress has held its meetings in sections, for
the discussion of many topics, but the section meet
, ings are not permitted to pass resolutions. That is
a right reserved to the congress as a whole. It was
noted on the first day, while all the ten section meet
ings were well attended, the "political section," .where
the suffrage question was discussed, drew the smallest
crowd, although, as it turned out, the debates there
were the: liveliest of the day.
The industrial section, in which woman's work and
wages were discussed, proved to be most attractive to
by far the larger number of delegates. The papers
and the discussions that followed showed a good deal
of antagonism and competition between the sexes in
the struggle for employment. It **as asserted by
■ some of the speakers that much of the so-called phil
anthropic legislation ostensibly . devised to prevent
' the overworking of "women in factories was really
caused by the jealousy of men ready to put restric
tions upon the competition of women in the labor
market.
Some of the statements made on the subject by
delegates from different countries are interesting.
i Frau Caver said women in Germany work from ten
to fifteen hours a day in factories and receive much
lower wages than men for the same work. Zeneide
Ivanoff reported that in Russia women work for $5
, a month, and often in the most unhealthy surround
-1 ings. Mme. Belilon of France declared that men in
I all classes and in all civilized nations are striving to
keep remunerative work away from women. The
only delegate who thought women have too much,
work as it is was Mrs. Annie Hicks of the United
States, who maintained that mothers should not be
permitted to work for a certain time after the birth
; of a child, and that there should be a maternity fund
provided by the state.
•'• The significant fact of the Congress is that-more
attention was paid -by the delegates to 'economic
than to political questions. Woman's suffrage is less
interesting now than woman's work. Much the
same tone marks the assemblies of men in these
days. We have reached a stage of new development
in economic conditions, and the problems it presents
are the main themes of discussion wherever intelli
gent people meet to consider . the general welfare,
whether they be men or women. 7 '.* '■'■/ :
In discussing an educational policy for the new pos
! sessions of the United States Dr. W. T. Harris,
United States Commissioner of Education, suggests
a new definition of altruism. Under the new theory
.the brotherhood of man is to be established with
I bullets and bayonets. If dead Filipinos could talk
! they might say something that Dr. * Harris might not*
j care to hear.
When the freedom of the city was about to be con
ferred by Aberdeen, Scotland, upon Andrew Carnegie,
j the authorities decorated the public buildings with
! United States flags, and the adornment was doubtless
\ meant in kindness, but inasmuch as, Carnegie does not
represent the United States, it looks to an outsider as
-if the ceremony of honor had, been .just a little bit
overdone.
The New York preacher who lost his job because
the devil tempted him to steal oats is probably con
vinced now that the man who said that his Satanic
Majesty :; takes care of his own was seriously misin
formed.
EDITORIAL VARIATIONS.
BY JOHN McNfiUGHT.
Bulwer Lytton in one of his best
known novels undertook to depict "va
rieties of English, life." He made a
good story and presented characters
illustrating no inconsiderable number
of the types of men and women that
; go to make up the complex public of
i England. Each had his peculiarities,
1 and nearly every one of them turned a
crank of some kind as diligently as if
he thought the turning were necessary
to make the world go round.
England is but part of an island and
the varieties of life there are few and
1 simple when contrasted with those of
; the United States. What novelist
i would venture upon depicting varieties
of American life?- It takes a news
| paper to do that, and even. then the
! story has to be continued from day to
' day for years to keep pace with the
{ development of the subject. As for our
! cranks — their name is legion. We have
j almost more cranks than people, for
while many of us are not cranks, there
j is a great host each of whom is- sev
j eral kinds of a crank, and the aggre
i gate therefore is probably a little bit
'< ahead of that of the ponulatlon. - v
■ • •
Small in numbers and generally di
j minutive in size but conspicuous by
! his activity and his versatility Is the,
! calculation crank — the fellow who fig
: ures out how many pounds of potatoes
j a man consumes in seventy years, how
! much horsepower is exerted by a school
girl in chewing gum from the time she
I enters the high school until she grad
uates, and other abstruse problems of
that kind, bringing to light enough use
less knowledge to stall a freight train.
One of the species has been moved to
t calculation of 'late by a doubt whether
! George Washington can continue to
! hold the highest place, in the esteem
; of Americans since Jeffries knocked out
j Fitzsimmons. He meets the Issue with,
| the impartiality of a true -mathemati
] cian. He says Jeffries is 6 feet 1 inch
in height, Washington was "6 feet 2
Inches; Jeffries in fighting condition
weighs 204 pounds, Washington with
out an ounce of superfluous flesh on
him during his frontier life weighed
230; Jeffries measures 43% inches
around the chest and Washington an
inch more; Jeffries has a better ring
record than Washington, but the record
of the latter credits him with having
Jumped 23 feet, thrown a stone across
the Potomac vopp'oslte Mount Vernon
and lifted a horse.
Upon that data the computer calcu
lates that if Washington were now alive
I and in his prime, he would still be the
greatest of Americans, and with a lit
tle preliminary training in the art of
pugilism and ring tactics he could put
Jeffries to sleep in two rounds.
*• a *
A notable crank in every American
community is the man means busi
! ness, whose motto is "Get there Eli,"
and whose ambition Is to get there first.
i The- crank of this type whirls the
j wheels of trade everywhere, not only
"from Siskiyou to San Diego, from the
Sierras to the sea," but from where the
sullen surges of the Atlantic thunder
upo-n, the rocky coasts of bleak New
England to where. the gentle ripples of
the Pacific bring the balms and odors
of tropic isles to the golden sands of
sunny California; from where the
mocking-bird sings to the moon in the
glow of Floridian nights to where th*
polar bear roams- among Alaskan Ice
bergs by the illumination of auroral
j lights flashing their splendors around
the boreal pole. *
Here is how-he got a. move on him
self and on , all his tribe, in the quiet
city of Perm in one instance last week.
The conductor of a railway train was
thrown from the top- of a car and' se
| riously injured. The accounts given of
I the accident In the papers next day ex
! tensively advertised it; and that very
I day, according to the reports of thor
! oughly reliable journals, he received
twenty-two proposals from various un
dertakers who wanted the job of bury
ing him, the rates running from 555 to
I $360. i Florists from all over the coun
try sent their rates for gates ajar,
: broken columns, pillows and i vacant
i chairs. One gardener called in person,
and the conductor, meeting him at the
door, succeeded in getting 50 per cent
discount off market prices before he
made himself known as the man sup
posed to be dead.
* * • • '■"-"
For a specimen of the thrifty citizen—
the crank who impresses upon you that
a penny saved is a penny earned, who
computes the amount you spend for
cigars and figures out that If you had
never smoked you would in a hundred
years from now be a prominent citizen
— one naturally turns to Boston, and at
this juncture does not turn in vain.
During the construction of the fa
mous .subway in Boston an old burial
ground was disturbed, and it was found
necessary to remove the remains of a
large number of persons interred there.
Of course such a movement of ances
tral bones caused much agitation in the
stagnant pools of Boston aristocrasy.
One eminent person of culture was in
duced to grant a right of way through
his family vault only upon condition
the city would provide him with an.
other constructed according to his Ideas
for. the reception of the mortal remains
of his ancestors.
The city agreed and the work was
done; ' the subway completed and the
new tomb constructed. When all wa»
ready; the thrifty respecter of the bones
of his departed pedigree builders was
taken over to Inspect the new reposi
tory. "Now," said the official who had
charge of the work of removing th_
bodies, "you can set a day and the re«
mains can be brought over and depos
ited here." "What!" exclaimed the old
gentleman,, "have that nice new tomb
littered up with those old bones?
Never! Close up the old tomb and let
'em be!" -Thus did he obtain, without
cost, a new family tomb, and prove
himself so '__ well fitted for it that all
Boston will be glad to • see him oc
cupy it.
• • •
Chicago furnishes the time with a
good specimen' of the "get there" citi
zen in the person of the man who, hav
ing read the recent report that the
great wall of China is to be torn down,
at once packed, his grip .and started
to Peking to put in a bid for the con
tract. There is another type of Ameri
can developing in Chicago, however,
which is even more interesting in its
way than the type that means busi
j ness; that is the self-made man who,
I having : made himself without culture,
. proceeds to patronize literary societies
for the purpose of obtaining it by in
fection. 7" 7 .
i 7 The "cultured Chicagoan." as he 13
proudly termed by his admiring fellow
citizens, is more honored in that com
munity just now than a pork-packer
or even a philanthropist who endows
a church out of the proceeds of the
sale of embalmed beef. Under his in
fluence the drawing-room conversation j
and even the club talk of Chicago has
become refined like pure leaf lard, and
a member of the upper set wouldn t
talk of sausages at a soiree for a car
load of sausages.
In this aspiration for self-culture
there is always an audible, expression
of delight from the Chicagoan when
ever he gets a new bit of veneering
over some part of his mental furniture
where the natural grain of ignorance
has been hitherto exposed in the raw.
Hence incidents.
Not long ago a distinguished visitor
went to Chicago and by request deliv
ered a lecture on Omar Khayyam be
fore a 1 very self-selected literary so
ciety. The president of the club sat
on the platform and fairly glowed with
rapture all the evening. From the
brightness of \he face of him a casual
stranger in the audience might have
supposed he had guessed right on
wheat. When the lecture was over,
however, he explained the cause of his
joy. "We are greatly indebted to the
speaker," said he to his fellow self
cultured, "for we never before knew
the difference between Omar Khayyam
and Hunyadi Janos."
• • •
The letter-writing crank Is übiqui
tous and he is as gayly variegated as
a cockatoo. New Tork has a fine speci- j
men of him— perhaps the finest of the (
summer. He has been ' arrested for
sending love-letters to Miss Helen
Gould, his capture being due to the fact
that, not content with sending many
through the mails, he called at the
house and delivered some of them in
person.
When, called upon by an inquisitive
law to explain his conduct he said he
had read of Miss, Gould's n6ble and
generous actions and thought she mer
ited the love as well as the admiration
of every patriotic American; therefore,
believing that all people who deserve
commendation ought to receive it, he.
had written to express his as best he
could and as often as he could. He
had take*n some letters to the house
himself instead of sending them
through the mails simply because he
had not enough money to buy two certt
postage stamps. He pleaded that his
love is disinterested and pure, and in
proof cited the fact that in none of his
letters had he ever asked Miss Gould
to marry him or to give him a dime.
The argument had a very different i
effect from that intended by the defen
dant. The Judge before whom he was
tried, after giving all the facts due
consideration, came to the conclusion
in his New York judicial mind that a
man who would make loye to an heiress
without expecting money must be
crazy, so he sent the letter-writer to
an asylum, and thus deprived the un
appreciative Miss Gould of the only
disinterested lover she ever had" in her
life, or is ever likely to have.
• • •
There are people who delight In the !
mysterious, who gather up instances
of premonitions and presentiments of
coming death, and make out of them
strange proofs of yet stranger philo
sophies, and these also are entitled to
a place in the list of the varieties o£
our life.
A very good story of their kind has
been made public in some of the remin
iscences of Congressman Bland, which
followed his death a few weeks ago.
Despite their differences in politics
and their many battles on the floor of
the House over questions of tariff or
finance, Bland was a great friend of the
late Nelson Dingley. 'The two men
were very much together for years dur
ing their service in Congress, and the
warmth of their attachment for
one another was frequently noted.
When Dingley died Bland was very
much affected, and it is recalled that j
he said to a friend: "I feel all right
myself just now, and am about as well
as ever, but somehow I am convinced
I shall not survive Dingley a year."
The incident is the more interesting
becatise that is the only time on rec
ord when Bland's convictions were
confirmed by results.
• * •
Some cranks are forever trying to
set the courts to grinding out redress
for all mankind and cures for every
thing that irritates! The extension
given of late by the courts to the scop«e
of writs of injunction has greatly en
couraged this type, and there are very
few things that haven't been enjoined
in some part of the Union in the last
few years.
A Texas man heads the list of this
type so far by applying to the court to j
enjoin his wife from receiving the com- I
pany of a certain good-looking neigh- j
bor. If the injunction stick, the busi- j
ness -of courts will largely increase and |
lawyers will have a chance to get rich
though honest. If a wife may by in
junction be restrained from receiving
visits, why may she not be enjoined |
from bargain sales, or from keeping |
lapdogs?
• • •
Finally, let ite give heed to the Amer
ican poet— the singer of the day, who
harps not upon worn-out themes of
love or du^y or beauty or booty, but
of current events, the latest sensa
tions; and who rolls his rapturous
rhapsodies round the records of our
new inventions and our freshest feel- I
ings. Here is how a Boston bard i
twangs his lyre in the Journal of that*|
city and sings of "Horseless Things":
Across the pond In gay Paree
They have the horseless coupe.
But what those Frenchmen need the nioat
Is just the horseless soup.
The horseless cab, the horseless bus.
Is Gotham's fondest hope.
But what old Gotham needs the most
Is just the horseless soap.
Chicago wants the horspless hack,
But then the boarder thinks
That what Chicago needs the most
Is horseless sausage links.
CALIFORNIA AND ORINDA.
Native Sons and Daughters Pledge '
Their Officers to Perform Duties.
: j Last Thursday nigh? Native Sons and
Native -Daughters installed officers. Cali
fornia Parlor No.' 1, the pioneer parlor of
the Native Sons of the Golden West, had
its officers installed by J. W. Lewis of
Stanford J Parlor, district deputy grand j
president, assisted by Fred H. Jung; as
grand marshal and .' Eugene Gauthier Jr.
as grand secretary, in the Shasta Hall of
the Native Sons' building. The event was
for members of the order only, as -pre-'
vious to the installing there was work In
the initiatory degree. The officers who
Ire to control the parlor for the current
term of six months are:
Past president, John O'Gara; president, Rom
here Jansen: vice presidents. Louis Lacaze W.
• D Hobro Jr. and John F. Llnehan : recording
Scretar™ James rJ. Jamison; financial secre
tary B-F. Hanlon; treasurer, Henry F. Per
r,Y,?- maj-shal W. E. Rowlands; trtistee, F.
P^She^nf in 9 ide i sentinel. £E. Morrissey,
and outside sentinel. A. F. Holbers.
After the ceremony, which was conduct
ed in a manner that reflected great credit
on the Installing officer, ' those present
were^ri^^ deadly interest «n B
g£5S M y Da^:°j n S^S-SK* A*
Curt™ Fred H. Jung. James O'Gara and
President Jansen. who at the termination
of his remarks presented to E. C. Laws,
the retiring past president, a fine jewel of
the order A collation was served. » •
Orind! Parlor of the Native Daughters
which has in it many of the handsomest
.r,-A brightest members of the order had
Mrs Minnie F. Dobbins, district deputy
„ l'_~,_ r _ ar ,t -nd her corps of acting
fraud oSr^incfudlng Miss^ellie Clark
as grand marshal and Sarah Osterman as
Da«U grand President, install the following
named as its officers for the current term:
Miss' Birdie Mayer g"-*s»^M£*j _*£
T nur-i Tt<*chi(? president: Mac aicnae, .nrs.
vice president^ Anna '"ruber, second vice presi
dent HaUie n ßurke. third vice prudent; Lena,
i> Mills record secretary; **.mma i-niey.
financial 'secretaryrHUdu; r Anderson treasurer;
Nellie Ever, marshal; Etsle Hojd. insiae sen
tinel Pnrothv Harlnc. outside sentinel; Aggie
Boyd, Hannah Aiders and Jessie Rusac trus
tees. : ' -rr- ; ■ ' .
The officers were congratulated upon
the successful manner in which they were
inducted into office, and as a token of ' ap
nrcciation of the work . of Deputy airs,
bobbins "he parlor presented her an im
mense bunch of beautiful pinks.
• .■"*_- '
AROUND THE* .
CORRIDORS
Dr. H. _. Nichol of Sacramento is at
the Grand. ."__ '
Alfred XV. Otis of Boston is a guest at
the Palace.
H. Lindsay, a fruit grower of Fresno, is
at the Lick.
R. C. Kellyday, U. S. N.. is a guest at
the Occidental. ■ ;
Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Muckle of New York
are at the California.
Dr. McAdary. an army officer, is stay
ing at the California.
XV. S. Thaxter of the yacht El Prirncro
is at the Grind with his wife.
' Tod C Wood worth, a wealthy mining
man of Jamestown, is registered at the
Grand. ;7*- 7 "'■: -'.' •-:•'
Lieutenant W. W. Bush of the navy Is
among those who yesterday arrived at the
_P3.11C6.
Mr and Mrs. R. Gilman Brown have
come over from San Rafael and are at
the Palace.
Frank H. Buck, a wealthy fruit grower
of Vacaville, is at the Palace with his wife
and family.
Dr F- L. O'Neill, one of the leading
physicians of Columbia, S. C, is staying
at the Grand.
..____ _$&. The other even-
X .' . ♦ ing a^poker party
HE • was in progress
 --.. P in one of the
TOOK THE rooms of a cer 
-77," HINT tain downtown
1 hotel. Five plry-
J2 £_^. ers were engaged,
among whom wan
a gentleman with one eye, whose methods
are not above criticism, and an elderly
Texas cattle man, whose honesty is as
straight as the shooting that made him
famous in the early days when grave
yards, like mushrooms, were wont to
spring up over night. ,
The one-eyed individual was winning
pretty heavily, and though his reputation
was well . known no one had discovered
anything that made remonstrance neces
sary until just as he was about to deal
the Southwesterner, who had hardly spo
ken during the 'whole time jhe had been
Fitting at the table, reached back and
drawing a gun that looked like a cannon
said; \ _ .:-- '. < . :
"Gentlemen, I have been watching the
way things have been : progressing for the
last few deals and I don't like it. There
is some crooked work going on. Now. I
ain't saying nothing to ho .one and I ain't
making no personal allusions, but I'm a
plain man and 'what I says I means. This
business has got to stop. There is some
one cheating. I mention no names, but
if he does it again I'll shoot his other eyo
out as sure as the Lord made little ap
ples. To prevent trouble I hope he will
take this delicate hint."
He did and quit the game.
A. J. Binney, a wealthy merchant of
Marysville, is at the Lick, accompanied
by his wife and family.
Lieutenant J. H. Hetherington. U. S.
N., has come down from Mare Island and
is registered at the Occidental.; ' 777
George B. Warren, assistant manager of
the Palace Hotel, has returned after a va
cation of two weeks spent in the Yosem
ite. -+.. „_ . - . *, ,
L. R. Vance, the Valiejo contractor, is a
guest at the Occidental, where he is stay
ing while on a short business trip to the
,r ■<
city.
Mrs. F. A. Rockhcld of Chicago arrived
yesterday and is visiting her parents, Mr.
and Mrs. A. McLeod, at 511 Guerrejo
street. • -_" "•"--■'-
Among yesterday's arrivals at the Occi
dental .were Mr. and Mrs. <\H. Lux of
San Jose and J. Hillo and A. Rich of Lex
ngton, Ky. 7?;-TS77
At the California there arrived last eve-ri
ing ninety-five of the members of the
teachers' excursion. Most of the party
have their homes in the State of New
Fork. ' 777 ';
O. L- Fairchild, Postmaster of Gains
rille, Tex., is a guest at the Grand. Mr.
Fairchild, previous to his connection with
.he Postal Department, was one of ■ the
best known .railroad men in the State of
rexas. i-'i-s-;..}^'- '-~7 "*
:*.', ' ♦ '
DALIFOBNIANS IN NEW YORK.
- ' _': • •*- ':-■
NEW YORK, July 15.— Joe Selby.of San
P*rancisco is at the Hoffman. L. C. More
douse and wife of San Leandro are at
;he Bartholdi. William H. Magee of San
Francisco is at the Gilsev. A. Borel of
San' Francisco is at the .Manhattan. C.
Lewis of. Los Angeles is at the Hoffman.
...■..>>■_.-• » • ■»
DALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
.WASHINGTON, July General .Har
rison G. Otis of Los Angeles is at the
Shoreham; William- Levison of San Fran
cisco is at the Wellington; Mr. and ;^Jrs.
A. M. Lewis of San Francisco are visiting
relatives in Washington and, will remain
until August, when they sail for Europe.
;•:.■ .-- ■»■"•;•••_ ... ' ■
"ACTIVE CE.RVJ.CS__.." —
In next Sunday's Call there will
begin, Stephen Crane's latest and
most thrilling serial story. This
novelette has been secured exclu
sively, for the readers of The Sun
day Call, and it is anticipated that
its appearance will be a V matter 'of
more than passing interest, for "Ac
tive Service" is one of Mr. Crane's,
strongest stories. It is a love ro
mance dealing with typical men and
women of to-day.
''"-■■,. - — : ■"'« ♦ « '. .
Arrested for Grand Larceny.
J. T. Piatt, a clerk residing at 1401 Steln
er street,: was arrested last night at the
Pavilion and charged with grand larceny
by ■< Officer " Prowfe. Piatt attended the '
eakewalk, and Mrs. Prowfe, wife of the
arresting officer, felt a hand in her pocket
and accused;^ Piatt "of trying to pick It.
She called her husband, and Piatt ; began
to .threaten the officer with official , decapi
tation, and the latter Immediately placed
aim under arrest. -v* •-:-.» •',,
i£2§E_U__?~ '■__. *.* ■ — — '
Cal. glace fruit Soc'per lb at Townsend's.*
.-.'.: «>, . — ' " '**•
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Tele»h->**»- v>io iou, »*■•• -ADVERTISEMENTS. ~~" ~
CLEARANCE SALE!
' Great -reductions from former prices to close entire stock of
spring and summer garments before arrival of fall styles
I : '*- 1 — : . __+
j ..JAILOR-MADE SUITS REDUCED... ;
4 : — — ■ : - — ♦
JACKETS. JACKETS.
$4.00— 55.00 Jackets reduced to '. $2.75— 53.00
$6 00— $6 50 Jackets reduced to . . " $3.50— 54.00
$7.50— 58 50 Jackets reduced to. $5.00— 56.00
00— 512.50 Jackets reduced t0...'.'.....'.'.' $6.50— 57.50
$15.00— 517.50 Jackets reduced to $8.50— 510.00
$20 00— 525 00 Jackets reduced to .$12.50— 515.00
. •' ' '
EXTRA SPECIAL.
Genuine Whipcord Jackets, silk lined throughout with good quality
fancy taffeta ; value at $8.50 ; reduced to $5.00
75 Golf Capes— good fa ue at $8 50 ; reduced to. v. '. . .$5.00
100 Golf Capes worth $7.50 ; reduced to $3.95
BARGAIN IN SILK UNDERSKIRT^.
90 Silk Undersrkirts, manufacturer's samples, will be on sale at 40 per cert*
less than, regular prices.
WAISTS TO CLOSE OUT.
100 dozen Percale Waists, regular price 50c and 60c, to close at.'. .35c
100 % doz|n Percale Waists, regular price 75c and $1, to close at. . . 50c
GOLDEN GATE CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE,
1230-1282=1234 Market Street.
.j»T..T..*..»,»J..*..|..t..^.]. < *..'..i..^^y»i-^-^~|«^
9 ' — '
BEGINNING IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
I STEPHEN CRANE'S Latest and 1
* Most Thrilling Serial Story I
I ii A j « C* © 99 *
i "Active Service" i
*J> • **' . .' : •■". ' "£
• "The Most Interesting *
I • Romance of Modern Days." %
Next Sunday's Call, Next Sunday's Call.
SAYS SEAMS
IS THE "MULE
OF THE GUARD"
The Adjutant General
Is Discussed.
— —
HE HAS STILL MUCH TO LEARN
— ♦ —
OFFICERS NEVER OUT OF THE
GUARD MUST REPORT.
4 _
Captain Turner of the Naval Militia
Will Surrender His Command
in September New
. Uniforms.
»
The gentleman named Beamans,
who for political reasons was appointed
adjutant general of the National Guard'of
the State by Dan Burns' political partner,
Henry T. Cage, said in assuming office
that he did not know much about the
National Guard, but would learn. The'
National Guardsmen, in view of certain
things that have transpired of late, de
clare that He has a great deal to burn
and that from his acts of late his term
of four years will not be long enough to
enable him to master what he ought to
know about the guard. His acts have
been the subject of considerable discussion
in National Guard circles, and some of
them border so close on absurdity that
one of the guardsmen said yesterday:
"Why, he's the mule of the guard; but
mule is not the word I ought to use."
He has come to the conclusion that all
the officers who during the Spanish-Amer
ican war did not enter the volunteer ser
vice will have to report for duty, as did
those officers and men who did volunteer..
Ii is- claimed that as these officer- were
never discharged from the service of the
State, and that some of -them have been
in continuous service, being in charge of
companies and regiments or .what.' re
mained of them, and that they were pres
ent at the recent muster and Inspections.
that to make them formally report anew
is a most ridiculous proposition, that will
not lie entertained by any one who knows
anything about military affairs.
Then there is what the guardsmen say
is the '"bad break" he made in connection
with the reception of the Oregon volun
teers In the first place, they say that
the commander-in-chief being away from
the ""beat of government when the Gov- I
ernor of Oregon came here as the com
mander-in-chief of the Oregon National
Guard, that the adjutant general, as his
military representative, should have sent
one of the commander-in-chief's aids., or
two of them, to convey the respects of
their superior officer to" the distinguished
visitor, and in support of this position
they say that if a distinguished visitor
comes to this city and is entitled to recog
nition from the army that Brigadier Gen- I
BUY litxlBELT
TILL . #^^^S% TILL
YOU m
"DR. l^gp^ "OR.
PIERCES." PIERCES."
.-*.• = "-*«.*••;-. ''*■•':■- (CTCall cr Write for Booklet No. 2.
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
620 Market Street, Opposite Palace Hotel, San Francisco, Cal.
-e-^-^-^-e~<l>-»- ♦""*♦_ ®-4~ *s>-■♦- $?-4- «$»-♦ - <$ -4-<s>-4-s>-4z : G>-4-®-4-Q-4--&
■ - _. —. - .... .... ■....._,• * ."*•,•-■■
feral- Shaffer does not on his arrival go in
person to pay his respects, but sends one
of his aids, and that what is correct in
the United States army would certainly
be' correct in the National Guard. But
they say that is one of these matter- of
military etiquette that the adjutant gen
eral has not vet familiarized himself with.
Further they say that the excuse given
for the non-appearance of the adjutant
general's staff when he paraded in -an open,
carriage by his lonely before the Oregort
contingent was that he did not have suffi
cient time to notify his staff, although.,
he had more than twelve hours in 'which |
to do so, and that if he could not get his
staff together in twelve hours in time of
peace they would like to know how long
it would take him to summons it if there
was a call to arms. They say that he
might at least have had one or two of
his aides to accompany him. but that is
another of the many things he will have
to learn. They also would like to know
why he did not ask the division com
mander and the brigadier general of the
second brigade to accompany him on an
occasion of ceremony like that. They are
of the opinion that that was another
thing he has not learned. -■•
The uniform hoard held a meeting this
week and pared specifications for
blouses, pantaloons and overcoats to be.
furnished the- guardsmen. These specin
cations will be ready to-morrow and will
be advertised for three consecutive weeks,
once a week, in one of the daily papers
in San Francisco. Los Angeles -arid Sac
ramento, and bids will be Invited. The
bids will be opened on the 26th of August
and. the goods will have to be furnished
after sixty days from the date and all
delivered within a period of four months.
The contract will call for the expendi
ture of nearly $50.0)0.
The complete equipment of the troops
will be the next move, but that will have
to be attended to from the office of the
adjutant general. ' v. •■'•.■.-. ,
Arrangements are being made for the
rifle practice to be held in September and
October next, that Is, If the preparations
now under way are completed in time to
allow the men to appear before the tar
gets.
John B. Dickson, first sergeant of Com
pany C, Fifth Infantry, located at P< ta
luma, who volunteered -from thai com
pany and was first sergeant of Company
C in the Eighth California Volunteers, has
been elected captain of -his company, vice
Maclay, at an election presided over by
Major Hendy. *='. •'-■-:-" ■'■'-■ -'
Second Lieutenant F. S. Miinn, Company
B. Fifth Infantry, located at San Jose,
has tendered, his resignation on account
of removal to Spokane, Wash.
Much to the regret of the officers and
men of the naval militia. Captain Louis
11. Turner, commanding that branch of
the National Guard, has decided to apply
In September- next to be placed on the
retired list and surrender the place that
he has filled to the satisfaction of his su
perior officers and those with whom he
has been associated. The reason for that
move is that the captain's private busi
ness affairs require so much of his time
that he is unable now to give as much
attention as he feels he ought to to the
service. The captain entered the service
of the State' on the 28th of September,
1891 as a man of Company D of the
Nival Battalion, as it was then known,
and he rose to be lieutenant of that com
pany and then became lieutenant com
mander of the Naval Battalion, and sub-*
sequently, when there was a change and
the name battalion was changed to mili
tia he remained as its head, with the
rank of captain. Having served that
length of time, in the Guard the captain
feels that he Is entitled to a rest from
active duty.* Upon his retirement the po
sition of commanding officer of the entire
naval militia of the State will be vacant
and the vacancy will have to be filled by
election. 'Lieutenant Command"!- Thomas
A. Nerney, second in command, has an
nounced that he will not be a candidate
for promotion, giving as a reason there
for that the next, commanding officer ;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY; JULY -'.16, ' : 189&."
should be an ex-naval officer and gradu
i ate of the Naval Academy at Annapolis.
I The" majority of the officers of the naval
militia are of the same opinion. It is
j stated that the position will- be tendered
j to a well known ex-naval officer when
i the vacancy occurs."
I The naval militia of California is at this
I time the best armed and finest equipped
; section of the National Guard, and the
officers and men are a's enthusiastic and
well drilled a body of men as can be
! found in any part of the State, or for that
■■■ matter in any State. With An officer at
1 its head who has". the required knowledge
'■ and who will devote his time and energy
1 as did. Captain Turner the naval, militia
of California will, stand in the front rank
of like organizations in the Union.
The commander of the naval militia ha 3
Issued an appeal to employers to allow (
those who are in their employ to absent
themselves for a week to give them an ,
opportunity to go on a cruise on the
United . States ship Badger during the
month of August. . In his letter the com
mander says: :.'.--:': "'. *
. We earnestly appeal to the employers
of members . of the California Naval
Militia to encourage them in their
patriotic endeavors -to train them
- selves for effective -work in the navy
should their services Ik? required, by
freely granting them the necessary
leave of absence for this cruise, under
the instructions of competent officers,
without fear of losing the positions by
which they now earn a livelihood.
You will agree with me that patriot
ism should be encouraged in our young
men by all right-thinking citizens, for
it is upon them we must rely in case
i 'of offensive or defensive warfare.
This is the only oportunity that can
be offered the Naval Militia of this
State for sea service, and practice
drills during the present year and the
allotment of the. annual appropriation
by the General Government in aid of
this branch of the service will be made
in accordance with the number of men
who report for duty under this offer,
hence the importance of turning out
as large a force as possible.'
Give the boys a chance to make this
\ cruise, and we feel assured that if
you do so it will create an additional
bond between, you and them and will
redound to your ultimate benefit.
This letter is Indorsed by the adjutant
j general, who expresses the hope that the 1
I leave asked for the men will be granted. I
Orders to- prepare, for the cruise have
: been issued from headquarters on board
of the Marion.
Ensign Robert McLaughlin of the Fifth
Division has been ordered to preside at
1 an election for lieutenant and lieutenant
junior grade in that division, vice C. V.
Otto and G. P. Smith, terms expired.
Lieutenant Colonel J. P. Dwyer. judge |
; advocate, division staff, has been ordered ■.
1 to preside at an election for ensign, First j
j Division, vice Peterson, term expired.
Lieutenant Carl E. Lindsey. command
i ing the Fourth Division, has been de- :
j tailed to preside at an election for ensign
vice Miller, term expired. -. >7-
Acting chief engineer Bonney will get
up steam on the Marlon to-day to test the
engine and dynamo on board.
Advices from Eureka. Santa Cruz, Santa
Barbara and San Diego tend to show that
there will be a good representation from j
the militia stationed at each of these j
points for the cruise on the Badger.
Soldiers of Fortune.
. This clever book of J-lchard Harding
Davis has Just been issued in a lim
ited paper edition and can be had at
50 cents from Cooper & Co., 746 Market
street. __L ___ :•<;•-■;
RECEPTION TO THE
SUPREME CHIEF
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST
GREET MRS. STOREY.
The Visitor Speaks and Tells of Her
Surprise at the Foresters'
Lack of Interest.
Mrs. Sarah Storey of Philadelphia, su
preme chief companion of the Companions
of the Forest of America, who came to
this city a week ago to pay a fraternal
visit to the circles of the California juris
diction, was tendered a reception in Gold
en Gate Hall on Friday by the member
ship of the San Francisco circles and
MRS. SARAH STOREY.
those of Alameda County. There were a
; great many of the Companions present,
j also a number of Foresters of America.
On the i stage were Grand Chief Com
\ panion Mrs. Flora Jacobs, 'Grand Treas
urer Miss Alice Tlcoulet, Grand Financial
Secretary Miss Agnes D. Bremer, Grand
Trustee Mrs. Kemp Van Ec and Past
Grand Chief Companions Mrs. M. A. Duke
and Mrs. Emma Harrington. • The su
preme chief was escorted to a seat on the
stage .and in ,a brief address was wel
comed on behalf of the membershio by
the grand chief companion. After there
was a programme, which included: Heel-,
; tatlon, Miss. Pauline Aaron; vocal solos.
; Lulu Berliner and Miss Nettle Morris;
i coon songs. Little Goldle Harris: recita
tion, Miss Mildred Levy, and barytone
i solo. J. Dunn..- Then Mrs. Storey was in
troduced and she* made a short address in
! which she gave her impressions of Calf
i fornia and expressed her opinion of the
order in California, which was a favor
able one, but- expressed her surprise .hat
the Foresters are not as active in this
State in advancing, the work of the Com
-1 panions, as they are in .the East, and her
surprise' was the greater when she rec.ol-.
■; lected that the Order of Companions was
! organized by Foresters in California. At
: the close of her remarks she was pre
sented on behalf of the Grand Circle with
I a fine crystal berry dish and silver gold
lined berry spoon, to be a reminder of her
visit to the Golden State. -. .
At the close of the. programme the en
tire audience crowded around the supreme
1 chief to. shake hands .with her. Dancing
till midnight followed.
Fine accordions $2.so— regular price
$4— for the next few .days at the Zeno
Mauvais' Music Co.'s, 769 Market st. *
SWIMMING AND DIVING.
The. .programme of aquatic sport at
Sutro Baths this. afternoon Is as follows:
CO-yard dash, novice— Cunha. J. Mugan, E.
Mai^ton. O. Lowenthal. H. Young, J. Kelly,
XV. King. 100-yard dash. Juvenile— W. Early,
W. Walters. ,T. Riley, I. Keogh. M. Johnston,
.J. James 100-yard dash, amateurs— J. Mc
t'rea. P. Mattn«r. E. Lee, M. Mlah, C. Jones,
H. H!erfie,ld. Tub race. 100 yards— E. Ehrman,
B. Baudain. H. Stelijes, E. Beyer, C. Schwartz.
E. Wells. High diving for boys— J. Lelcken, J.
Laird, J. Mugan, < "'. Royal. fit. Serham, W.
Hoffman. Trick and fancy springboard div
ine—,!. McCowen; G. Laßue. M. • Divert, F.
Ralston. J. Gladstone, O. Walscott. C. Stroh
lln, A. Bagnatorl, P. Govlannl.
* _> 4*
Dear Madam: "Pegamoid" says come!-'','
You're welcome,' Chronicl e-building, No. 61. '
Are UijJiappily. Married.
Theresa Dlnkelmann filed suit yesterday
again-;! Rudolph Dlnkelmann for divorce,
alleging failure to provide as cause of
action. Edwin 'Hayden asks for, a divorce
from Josephine Hayden-on the ground of
intemperance. . Isabelle Hoffemayer . ha*
applied for a divorce from Joseph Hoffe
mayer on the ground of cruelty.
. Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission,
WHAT THE THEATERS
HAVE DONE
DURING THE WEEK.
TO keep apace with all that is go
ing on in the theatrical world we
must be industrious, but happi
ness follows in the path of our
* energies. Think of it— six attrac
tions and not a dull evening. Getting
up out of our winter idleness in way
I embarrasses us. We have grown ac-
I customed to it. Our brief summer run
in the sunshine makes us feel right
pleasant and mirthful. But, did we
group a year of our- theatrical Julys,
sermons about the evils of running
after enjoyments would be in evidence
and sleep would be an item that might
fit where it could. You cannot bring
us a bowl of good wine and -behoove us
not to drain it. "Lord "and Lady Algy"
is playing to excellent business, and
why not? A second hearing reveals a
cleverness, of line and situation not
thoroughly appreciated at a first— light
and shade, I mean, such as we find in
pictures after we have bought them
and brought them home. Lord Algy's
flat, with "pretty much everything in
it that he can't afford," is a worthy ex
travagance. . I wish that all stage man
agers would make a study of Mr. Mil
ler's color harmonies. • 'Tis not a mat->
ter of outlay, but of artistic selection
—a careful avoidance of all ugliness.
The hand of critical refinement is ap
parent and the chairs never mutter at
the sofas. The scenic artist and the
property, man touch the whole* com
munity with their conduct, and he who
j forces makeshift upon us so long as
: we do not openly rebel, engages in but
| small work. Indifference to correct ef
i fects is a bald evidence of managerial
! limitation. Avoidable shocks to the
retina are crimes, and many are the
■ criminals! Lady Algy's gowns, so
j much talked of and admired, -were all
made here; and so, by the way, were
j the ones Miss Roberts wears in "Ca
mille." 'Tis a matter, to congratulate
ourselves upon. Just why "Camille" is
j not to run two weeks I am at a loss to
! say. The business warrants it; the ap
! plause demands it. Five curtain calls
! at the close 'of the third act are not
1 unusual, and tears— we fairly luxuriate
in them! 'Tis a pity that earlier con
tracts prevent Mr. Whittlesey's stay
ing as leading man. But the itinerary
is Inexorable.
"The- Last Word" will give place on
Monday night to "The Dancing Girl,"
in. which Miss Bates has been so fa»
vorably criticized. The intensity of the
play, its strength of dialogue and its
famous fall have been often discussed;
and the Frawley company find it an
ever popular revival.
The Orpheum has an excellent bill
this week. There is always some dra
matic moment to be found there within
the consciousness of each of us. Miss
Palmer finds her one-act play, "Rose
Pompom," _ an excellent medium for
dainty and clever specialties. Her song
of the tin soldier Could not have been
better done, and her dancing is refined j
and graceful. All the knowledge of
what is funny is not contained in one j
small head, for I cannot yet under
stand the reason of the gales of laugh
ter that greet the coarse horse-play of
"A Wise Guy." The stage that is yet
to come contains our chief interest and
if we like this so much, shall Aye not
be given more and worse? The Rix
fords do their best work vertically,
head to head— brain to brain, as it
were. Their disrobing act in that po»
sition, if a little startling, is immensely
clever, George Wilson is an inimita
ble monologist. His jokes are new and
j well told; his songs clever and well
sung; his audience merry and generally
appreciative. The tragic comedians
j have found favor,- and new work from
the old people meets deserved applause.
The enterprise of the Grand Opera,
house has won the recognition it de
serves and our theater-going public
j have ceased to find the theater remote ■
!or out of the way. "Carmen" is to be
i followed by "Olivette." The rehearsals
promise much and the theater keeps its
promises.
"Blue Beard" at the Tivoli has been
warmly praised by all the critics ana
the management announces an indefi
nite run. .7:,:
Let him who cannot find food to his
taste on this dramatic table slink away
unpitied to his fate.
CHARLOTTE THOMPSON.
California.
To-morrow evening the Frawley Com
pany will put on "The Dancing Girl" at
the California, with Blanche Bates in the
part of Drusilla, the wicked little Quaker
ess. One of San Francisco's warmest
favorites, who has not appeared in "The
Last Word." will in this piece give the
audience a chance to see that Hope Ross,
who made such a hit when she was here
before with Gillette's "Secret Service,"
nas lost none of the magnetism
which belongs to her dainty and charming
little person! Mr. Reynolds is another of
the company who will make his initial
bow to San Francisco play-goers at the
same time.
Orpheum.
The Orpheum has four new features for
this week and five hits from last week's
bill. Kilpatrick and Barber head the list
with a sensational bicycle act. Les
Browns, the only one-legged male and j
female acrobats and Instrumentalists on I
earth, promise novel entertainment. Hou- j
dini appears again for one week to refute j
an alleged expose of his handcuff escape.
The holdovers are: The Pasqualis, the
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Are You Ready
FOR THE
i . . '■_.'_' . '-'■
Oil Boom?
IT'S COMING SURE!
You'll be sorry If you haven't a few shares
to watch go up. Some stocks now selling for
a few dollars will bring hundreds and possibly
thousands.
We Think Ours One of Them.
A few shares now at $3 may fix you com-
fortably for life. Only a few days more then
price goes up. ■.".'•■'
Union Consolidated Oil and
Transportation Company,
323 PARROTT BUILDING,
SAN FRANCISCO. ;
PROSPECTUS FREE.
D__>TtC_Jl7CFon BARBERS. BAK-
nnll_Miril-l ■■■•«. bootblacks, bath-
mwam V *-* _>_.-— ■*-■ houses, billiard bi«_.
brewers," bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flour mill ».' foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Crush Manufacturers. 609 Sacrament* 9k
; I—]1 — ] 1 1 ,
Rixfords. Hayes and Lytton in . "Ingo
mar," Minnie Palmer, William and
•Shields and George Wilson.
'■.' . - — —. ■"-';-.. "■•_■.
Alcazar Theater.
This evening's performance will be the
last one of "Camille" at the Alcazar. The
piece to follow is "The New Magdalen,"
the 'story of. Mercy Merrick, outcast Red
Crops nurse and woman of society— an in
teresting plot and full of strong situations.
Miss Roberts and White Whittlesey will
have the leading roles. Miss May Nannary
has been . specially, engaged to support
Miss Robertson. '________?£
7 ■'-: 77.; Tivoli Opera-House.
"Blue Heard" will be continued at the
Tjvloi until further notice. The new
Dinah-Lou specialty, "My Josephine," the
whirlwind dancers, the medley of coster
songs and moonlight finale all meet with
great approbation. "Wang" will be given,
with Edwin Stevens as the Regent, to fin
ish the comic opera season. Grand opera
with eminent artists will follow.
Grand Opera-House.
"Carmen" will be sung at the Grand
Opera-house to-night, and , on Monday
Audran's charming opera "Olivette" will
be revived. Edith Mason appears as Oli
vette, a role in which she enjoys a high
reputation. She will be ably assisted by
a full cast, including Mindell. Fern Drey
fuss, a San Francisco girl, who makes her
debut as Veloutin. .
I Olympia.
At the Olympia Querita Vincent begins
the last week of her long and most suc
cessful engagement. This is her twenty
seventh week— the longest contract ever
filled in a vaudeville house in this city,
and, what is most to her credit, she leaves
a greater favorite than when she started
.in. She has packed the Olympia nightly
and has proved a big drawing card from
her opening week. Among the new acts
this week is the famous La Rose brothers,
acrobats. '•;;-.
DR. KIDMER'S REMEDIES.
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT
Is Not Recommended, for Everything.
But If You Have Kidney or Bladder
Trouble It Will Be Found Just
the Remedy You Need.
Kidney .trouble preys upon the mjnd,
discourages and lessens ambition;
beauty, vigor and cheerfulness soon
disappear when the kidneys are out of
order or diseased.
Kidney trouble has become so preva
lent that it is not uncommon, for a
child to be born afflicted with weak kid
neys. If the child urinates too often,
if the urine scalds the flesh, or if, when
the child reaches an age when it should
be able to control the passage, and it
is yet afflicted with bed-wetting, de
pend upon it, the cause of the difficulty
is kidney trouble, and the first step
should be toward the treatment of these
important organs. This .unpleasant
trouble is due to a diseased condition
of the kidneys and bladder and not to
a habit as most people suppose.
So we find that women as well as
men are made miserable with kidney
and bladder trouble and both need the
same remedy. The mild and the im
mediate effect of Swamp-Root is soon
realized. It is sold by druggists, in
fifty-cent and one dollar sizes. You
may have a sample bottle by mail free,
also pamphlet telling all about it, In
cluding many of the thousands of tes
timonial letters received from sufferers
cured. In writing Dr. Kilmer & Co.,
Binghamton, N. V.. mention the San
Francisco Daily Call.
AMUSEMENTS.
: COLUMBIA^
NO PERFORMANCE TO-NIGHT. j ;
Charles Frohman Presents MR.
And A SPECIAL CO.
Beginning LORD
Monday,, AND
2d and ¥ - z
Last lady
WeekALGY
■ THE HIT OF THE SEASON I
__-B.rni_.iWnm l l )■», __n i i-i' _■■»-»■ i m nmii-—________ii
A Brilliant Comedy by R. C. Carton.
MONDAY, July _>4 f
ONE WEEK ONLY. Superb Revival of
LAST SEASON'S GREAT SUCCESS.
HEARTSEASE,
As Presented at the Baldwin by . ■.'■" :.''.
MR. HENRY MILLER.
SEATS READY THURSDAY.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
MOROSCO AMUSEMENT CO. (Inc.), Lessee.
W7-77- , LAST NIGHT OF .
"CARMEN."
TO-MORROW EVENING,
Costly and Beautiful Production of Audran's
Delightful Comic Opera,
"OLIVETTE."
ORCHESTRA FLOOR. Reserved. 35c and 50c.
DRESS CIRCLE. Reserved, 25c. *.-.■
FAMILY CIRCLE, Reserved. 15c.
GALLERY. 10c.
MATINEE SATURDAY
At the Matinees the Best Reserved Seat can be
purchased for 25c. -Family Circle 15c ■■.-.*■
j';.-*-:' : : Z.-: : Gallery 10c.
Telephone Main 532. ■
GLENJ>ARK.
".{.i ...THIS SUNDAY....
•' GREAT ' SHOW 'IN FREE THEATER.
"CHARLIE. THE SERVANT."
A Laughable Sketch by
BRAGG AND ASHTON.
LOUISE LESTER, 7-:
PThe Celebrated Contralto.
EE-AND DOWNEY,
. . Famous Acrobats.
ADA J. COSGRO\/E,
The Child Mimic.
HENRY FAY,
In .Comedy and Burlesque.
CHARLES STANLEY. -
The Kins, of the Slack* Wire.
. ADMISSION IO CENTS.
SUTRO BATHS.
SUNDAY. JULY 16, AT 2:30 P. M.
|^^ -IMMENSE PROGRAMME.
SWIMMING RACES FOR
VALUABLE PRIZES.
, ADMISSION. fOe; CHILDREN. 6c..
Bathing. Including Admission, 25c; Children, 20c.
OPEN NIGHTS.
■..,.' ADVERTISEMENTS. -7 . . '•..'•
n--wR^-*f-*f-¥^HHHH^
|C!TYoF||jj| PARIS I
* DRY GOODS COMPANY. J
J CURTAIN DEPARTMENT— Second Floor ! J
jf ...SWEEPING REDUCTIONS 1N... J
I REAL LACE CURTAINS ! |
i *'
J Commencing- MONDAY, July 17th. J
i Irish Point Curtains, Re9U,arPr,fceS,3s^^ patr , SIO 00 j
* Irish Point and Battenberg Lace Curtains, ■^K5?. C ? P SSS7 J
■* Irish Point and La Paris Curtains,; -SjsSfifa^vSSJßSS^. J
* Heavy Derby Satin Portieres, Regular Price : UV-ttSffi J
j Handsome Satin-Faced Portieres,  OP ■■*_&&£&s $3-™ J
i Odd Pairs of Lace Curtains and Portieres Greater reductions j
* : *
% CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, J
J S. E. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, San Franoisoo. _£"
* . UNION SQUARE. i"f\ ■.-'-.*! ;,;777 ■*
* MAIL AND EXPRESS ORDERS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. *
+ :V\-.-.:.i_.: • .:*.: v;;*;:
********************** **************
AMUSEMENTS. »
THE C ALIFQRN I A THE ATE R .
S. H. FRIEDLANDER Manager
ENTHUSIASTIC W/ELCOME HOWIE I
-•-.,. . MR. FRAWLEY Presents * # .••••'*.••;..
?ft-\ffi_-_ : '' "THE GIRL OF GENIUS" * ''Jt^^fe, >
Mm ) BLANCHE BATES (%1 )
• 2^-Ai' —AND— **J__{ •*'
m _j.j£fm-^^ • V^^ B^ W_W- r ' ' • -■ •
■^•5,...- Company of Players, '^'-"'
** * **************** COMMENCING •
I Last Time-TO-NIGHT, . TO-MORROW (MONDAY) NIGHT.
* " THE LAST WORD." ;
* **************** *■ H * nry Arthur Jones ' Masterpiece.
" t c DANCING GIRL."
Prices— 2se. 50c, 75c, $1. Matinees -25e, 50c, 75e.
Monday. July 24, "MADAME SANS GENE."
, .
. - r
Week Commencing . SUNDAY . MATINEE, I
July 16.
BEST AND BIGGEST YET.
NEW FACES - -JEW FEATURES !
Direct from Europe, .
KILPATRICK
"° BARBER,
The Premiers of All Trick Cyclists.
American Debut of
LES BROWNS,
The Only One-Logged Male and Female Acro-
bats and Musical Artists on Earth.
Return For One Week of the Marvelous
HOUDINI,
King of Handcuffs, in Entirely New Mystiflca- |
tinns.
MINNIE PALMER,
The Dainty Comedienne. Assisted by FRANCIS !
JERRARD, in New Songs and New Dances.
The Minstrel King,
GEORGE WILSON,
Entire Change of Repertoire.
THE RIXFORDS,
Europe's Greatest Acrobats.
Max HILUAN nd SHIELDS Rex
Tragic Comedians. .
Return Engagement for One Week Only of
SIGNOR AND SIGNORA DE
PASQUALI,
In Operatic Gems.
Last Week of the Popular
HAVES AND LYTTON,
Presenting Another of Their Eastern Successes,
a Travesty on "INGOMAR."
Parquet, Any Seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren. 10c,' Any Part of the House.
Matineea Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.*
OLYmPIA.
Eddy St.. Cor. MasTi.
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall.
EXTRAORDINARY STRONG ATTRACTIONS.
Last and Farewell Week of
QUERITA VINCENT!
QUERITA VINCENT!
In a Repertoire of Her Best Song- and Dances.
LA ROSE BROS.,
Acrobats. '.':■•'''•■■■
AND A GREAT BILL OF VAUDEVILLE
? -_•-. STARS. ; ;,; :
ADMISSION FREE. MATINEE SUNDAY.
CHITESIND Z00!
TO-DAY (SUNDAY), JULY 16.
AFTERNOON AND . EVENING.
IN THE THEATER,
A Big, Novel, Amusing- Show.
MARVELOUS GYMNASTS, COMICAL COME-
- DIANS. WONDERFUL EQUILIBRISTS,
SWEET SINGERS, NEW MOV-
ING PICTURES. ■■:, :■■'. ...\
IN THE ZOO.
AN OLD MAN KANGAROO. LARGEST EVER '
CAPTURED.
THIS AFTERNOON— A SOUVENIR FOR ALL
____ CHILDREN. .
JLJ) £__"_"-£•» These who were there
Ct H' l *' These who were there
• -, «ay. the Panorama is a
g-\ sr correct* representation.
\Jh\ ■ Lectures by Prof W.
G. ROLLINS after-
**__-__ 1 «__ noons and evening.*.
ITlclllllCl Market st.. nr. Eighth.
Admission, 50c. '
Bay? ■•• Chlldren ->-
NEW WESTERN HOTEL, ~~
KEARNY AND ' WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
. modeled and reno- aced. . KING. WARD & i
CO. European plan. Rooms, > aCe to $1 50 day;
$5 to II week; to $30 month. Free baths; hot _
and cold water every room; tire grates in every j
room; elevator runs all night. |
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mr*. Ernestine Kreling. Prop, and Manager.
THE TALK OF THE CITY!
ENORMOUS
SUCCESS
Of the GORGEOUS BURLESQUE,
A Wealth of Brilliant Color, Songs,
Jokes and Danc.s.
UNIVERSAL VERDICT OF PRESS AND
PUBLIC IS
BLUE BEARD IS A GREAT SHOW!
ENLARGED COMPANY AND ORCHESTRA.
EVERT EVENING AND SATURDAY MAT-
INEE.
Popular Prices, 25c and 50c
Our Telephone Bush 9.
ALCAZAR™
PHONE ...____. Main 254.
FLORENCE ROBERTS in
CAMILLE TO-NIGHT
ALL NEXT WEEK— MATINEE SATURDAY.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In the Beautiful Emotional Drama.
"THE NEW MAGDALEN."
■ Supported by
WHITE WHITTLESEY. MAY NANNARY
AND THE ALCAZAR COMPANY.
15c, 25c, _-.£>££,__ 35c, 50c.
Next— LEWIS MORRISON in "THE MER-
CHANT OF. VENICE." * ■ • •
SHERMAN-CLAY HALL.
MONDAY EVENING, July 17, 1899,
.-•''• v **>'■. 8 O'CLOCK.
LECTURE!
"The Oriental Trade-
California's Opportunity."
BY HON. F. X. SCHOONMAKER.
ADMISSION FREE.
Auspices of the California Slate Board of
Trade. • *,
■ - ' | '" •
UNION COURSING PARK.
SATURDAY* AND SUNDAY, .
July 15th and 16th.
classicalTstakes
WINNERS AND RESERVE EVENTS.
■ •
$800— PRIZE MONEY— SaOO.
TRAIN SERVICE.
Leaves Third and Townsend streets. Satur-
day. 12:55 [>. m.: Sunday. 11 a. — 12 m. and 1
p. m.; Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets five
minutes later. Returning from Park immedi-
ately after last course. Extra train from park
on Sunday. 4:45 p. m. San Mateo electric cara
every ten minutes.
ADMISSION. ■ Cents. LADIES FREE.
W6ti_tr Call $1.00 nor Year
78
♦♦♦+♦+♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦<
♦ Sxci'ting ffiacea *
+ at SSurlingamQ -
4- +.+ ++ + + +++ + ♦ ++ + + +-
LISTLESS GAME
IS WON BY THE
OAKLAND TEAM
Very Few Hits and
Some Tedious Play.
DONOVAN OUT TEN SECONDS
— ♦ —
RUNS SCORED BY SACRAMENTO
DUE TO ERRORS.
Cold Weather, Slow Work and a Few
Base Hits Characterized the
Came Yesterday After
noon.
♦— —
"If we don't get there to-day, why. to
morrow will do," was the bacillus that
afflicted the Oakland and Sacramento
teams yesterday. It was easy going for
the men across the bay and they rubbed
it into the Senators while th© band played
a tune called 5 to 2.
The weather was not propitious for
good baseball and perhaps this Is the rea
son for the snail-like pace set at the be
ginning and sustained until the end. Had
Schmeer not made an error in the first
Inning Sacramento wOuld have had a
score of ciphers. Two men were out and
Schmeer threw wild to first. After this
two runs were made by the Senators,
their only materialization during the
game.
O'Connor, from the bad^ State of Texas,
greased the lucky streak' and made first
by Schmeer's wild throw. Another base
belonged to him and he took it. Then
Doyle wielded the stick for a single and
another wild throw by Schmeer pushed
O'Connor over the plate. A hit to right
by Eagan completed Doyle's course
around the bags, an_ the only runs reg
istered by Sacramento were tabulated.
Oakland scored ln the first Inning a sin
gle run, but the third was their particu
lar time to shine, and they shone as if
they were the chief polishers in the
Queen's navy. This inning did not promise
much in run-getting at the outset. Don
ovan was hit by Harvey somewhere in the
kidney region of the back. The Oak
lander wrie-gled a bit and dropped on his
back, going out more than ten seconds.
By the combined life-saving efforts of
his own team and half the Sacramento
stickshakers he was finally revived. He
took his base, stole second and remained
on that bag wh, c Peepies shaped himself
on first base, Sheehan's error being the
cause of it. Then up came Hammond,
who, with a terrible swipe, told Donovan
to move on. "Donny" did and he scored,
while Peepies made a pedestal or second
base. Hutchinson followed with a base
on balls and then a passed ball gave
Peepies another run for. his team.
Hardle hit to a safe clod in center, Ham
mond scoring, while Hutchinson moved
around to third. Dunleavy then took up
the stick and away the spheroid went to
the deepest center field inside the
grounds. He made a two bagger, while
Hutchinson scored. Lange and Schmeer
fanned out and retired their side with
two men on bases. No runs were made
after this Inning. The score:
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. B.
Peepies. 2 b 3 2 0 0 3*o
Hammond, c 4 10 0 5 0 0
Hutchinson, lb 3 1 10 -14 0 0
Har_le, r. f 3 0 1 0 0 0 0
Dunleavy. 1. 1 4 0 10 10 0
Lange. 3 b 4 0 0 0 3 4 0
Schmeer, c. a 4 0 0 0 14 2
Donovan, c. f 8 10 10 0 0
Steffanl, p 2 0 0 0 0 2 0
Total ..29 5 3 1 27 M 2
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McLaughlin, 1. f.... 4 0 1 1 0 .0 0
Harvey, p 3 0 0 0 0 3 0
O'Connor, lb ...... 4 1 1 0 12 10
Doyle, r. t 4 110 8 0 0
Papar,, s. 8.. , 3 0 10 12 2
Stanley, c 4 0 10 6 0 0
Fhanahan, c. t 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
fctutz, 2 b 3 0 0 0 2 6 1'
Bheehan, 3 b 3 0 0 0 14 1
Totals 31 2 6 1 24 15 4
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 2 00000000—2
Base hits 3 00000011—5
Oakland 1 0400000 •— 5
Base hits 0 0200010*— 3
SUMMARY.
Two-base Dunleavy. First base on er
rors—Oakland. 3; Sacramento 1. First base on
called Oakland, 5: Sacramento, 2. Left
on bases — Oakland. 6; Sacramento. 4. Struck
out— By Stefl-UDi, 5; by Harvey, 4. Hit by
pitcher— Donovan. Double plays— Schmeer to
Peepies to Hutchinson; Lange to Peepies to
Hutchinson. Passed ball— Stanley. Umpire—
O'Connell. Official scorer— J. XV. Stapleton.
San Jose Is Shut Out.
SANTA CRUZ, July 15.— the game
here to-day Santa Cruz defeated San Jose,
shutting out the .visitors. San Jose se
cured Only three hits off Balsz, while
Santa Cruz secured twelve off Borchers.
The score in detail follows:
SANTA CRUZ.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Williams. 2 b 4 10 C 2 0 0
Pace, c 4 1 1 0 8 00
gtrelb. 1. r 6 14 2 4 0 1
Clark, 1 b 5 0 3 1 10 0 0
] -cv reaux, 3 b 8 0 0 11 6 0
Drennan, c. f 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Arcllanes, r. f 4 0 0 0 10 0
Kiel bor, 8. s 4 12 0 12 1
Balsz. p ....4 12 2 0 10
Totals 87 5 12 6 27 9 2
SAN JOSE
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McGucken, a t 4 0 0 0 3 0 0
Graham, r. f 4 0 112 2 0
Anderson, 2 b 4 0.1 0.2 0 0
Dalrymple, 1. i 4 0 0 0 8 0 0
Han lon, lb 8 0 0 0 2 2 0
ODea, 3 b 3 0 0 0 12 1
Leake, s. s 3 0 1 0 1 1 0
Borchers, p 3 0 0 0 6 3 0
Kent, c 3 0 0 OXOO.
Totals 31 0 3 1 27 10 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Santa Cruz I 00000202—5
Base hits I 12 110 3 0 3-12
£:_.n Jose 0 00000000—0
Bass hits 1 11000000—3
SUMMARY.
Earned runs— Santa Cruz. 2. Three-base hit-
Pace. Two-base hits— Klleber, Streib (2). Sac
rifice hits— Pace (2). First base on errors-
Santa Cruz, 2. First base on called balls-
Santa Cruz, __ Left on bases— Santa Crux, 8;
Pan Jose.* 5. Struck -By Balsz, 7; by
Borchers, 8. Hit by -Devereanx.
Passed ball—Pace. Wild Borchers. Time
of game— l:4.'. Umpire— Rube Levy, Official
scorer— Flelslg. ; . .%
Watsonville Team Wins.
WATSONVILLE. July 15.— The Sugar
Beets, under the management of L. B.
Morris, burled .their hoodoo to-day, not
withstanding the efforts put forth by Um
pire Cahill to prevent the same. The prin
cipal mourners at the Interment besides
Cahill were Undo Hank Harris and his
wash band. Harmony prevails in the beet
camp, and from now on they promise to
climb the percentage ladder at a lively
speed. Both nines put up an excellent
article of ball to-day. and the beets won
through their superior work and the ex
cellent pitching. of Whelan. ' The score in
detail follows:
WATf-ONVIi.'.K.
• AB. R. Hi. .SB. PO. A. E.
BrockhofT. 3 b , 4 1 1 0 ,1 3 1
McCarthy, s. 5...... 4 0 0 0 12 2
Court c. t 5 i 2 0 4 0 1
Belt—. 1 b 5 1 2 0 12 0 0
Morrow, c 4 1 10 6 0 0
Billing-. 2 b..... 5 1. 4 115 0
< roll. r. f 4 1 3.2 20 0
Hare*. I. t 5 0 1 2 ,i 0 0
Whelan, p 4 0 0 0 0 2 0
Total. 40 6 14 6 27 12 "7
SAN FRANCISCO. 7--> -..'-'
- « -' . AB. It. BH. SB. PO. A. K.
H!l„erbr_-j_t. c. f... 4 10 0 2-0 0
Muller, ,1. f .....'«: 10 --- 0 10 1
♦■
4
► BASEBALL.
I CYCLING. -
f
f .... , ; • ** ,
COURSING AT
INGLESIDE FOR
JUST ONE DAY
Mayor Phelan's Veto
Stops the Sport.
NO BETTING TO BE ALLOWED
— —
SIXTY-SIX RACES OF THE OPEN
STARE ARE RUN.
♦ —
Judge P. J. Reilly and Slipper Harry
Murray Acquit Themselves
in a Creditable
Manner.
Coursing was resumed at Ingleside Park j
yesterday, on the presumption that ns I
nothing had been heard from Mayor Phe
lan as to the attitude he would assume
on the ordinance recently passed by the
Supervisors he intended it should go
into effect by default. If he neither
signed it nor vetoed it -the measure be
came a law yesterday. His Honor, the
Mayor, is in Yosemite Valley, and his veto
of the measure, did not reach here until
late yesterday afternon..
No betting will be permitted on the
races to-day. Captain of Police Glllen and
his men will be ln attendance but will
probably have nothing to do. as the of
ficers of Ingleside Coursing Club have al
ways obeyed the law when It affected
them heretofore. The stake will undoubt
edly be run through without the betting.
Affairs went on smoothly yesterday,
both the old officials and the new flttins
Into the places as though there had been
no interruption in the sport. P. J. Reilly
gave general satisfaction as judge, while
i Harry Murray as slipper * handled a lot
of untried dogs cleverly. T. J. McHugh,
the veteran field steward, kept matters
on the move, and sixty-six races were
run through in good season. In the early
part of the day the hares did not lead the
dogs far, but during the aiiernoon a num
ber of long courses were run, the- hares
in a number of Instances escaping. Eleven
Spot beat Babe Murphy by 1- to 9 points
after running one minute and twenty
three seconds. Hadiwlst won from Gold
en Russet at odds of " to 1. Charming
May beat Cuckoo and Free and Easy beat
Black Night at the same odds. In the
latter race there was a "no go," in which,
after a hard struggle, the hare escaped.
In both Instances the hare favored Black
Night, but Free and Easy outworked her.
The result of the rundown follows:
Black Hawk beat Cruso; Koolawn
beat Woodbine; Forget beat Sou
brette; Glen Chloe beat- Master Gor
don; Belle of Anderson beat Lilly
Wheeler; Winning Ways beat Trailer;
Gripman beat Fair Play; Glen Roy
beat Decorator; Old Glory beat Daisy
Clair; Fly Away beat American Eagle;
Accidental beat Sir John Arnott; Tea
Rose beat St. Michael; White Lily
beat Silkwood; Warrior beat White
Chief; Forgive beat Juliet; Marietta
beat Rona; Scout beat Lexington;
Wild Tralee beat Loiterer; Pleasant
Girl beat False Alarm; Ben Hur beat
Kenlo; Irma beat Constitution; Benl
cia Boy beat Cash Day; Lady Her
schel beat Thornhill; lowa Girl beat*-
Promise Me; Pastime .beat Lady
Ethel; Eleven Spot beat Babe Mur
-1 phv; Precita Girl beat Persecution;
Jnnlsfallen beat Snapshot; Log Boy
beat Expense; Leonora beat Em
press: Ornament beat Eclipse; Fear
Not beat Ski: Wine West beat
Miss Lois; Sylvanus beat Law
rence; Mary Ann beat Richmond
Queen; False Flatterer beat Silence;
Magnet beat Klldare; Bit of Fashion
tie- Fireball; Liberal Bell beat Pat
Reillv; Scarf Pin beat Lily of tho
West; Terronite beat Cruiser: Star of
Cuba beat Mona; Patria beat Safe
guard; Lady Hugo beat Free Silver
Boy: Olympus beat L. S. Conley;
Rocker beat Decency; Pet Kirby beat
Depend On Me; Battleship beat Las
Patinas* Hadiwlst beat Golden Rus
sett; Morning Glory beat Douglas;
Commodore Nash beat Royal Buck;
Belle Clair beat Minerva; St. Helen
beat Wheel of Fortune; Senorlta beat
Tod Sloan; Mamie Pleasant boat
Quickstitch; Fleetfoot beat Hard
Lines; Charming May beat Cuckoo;
Free and Easy beat Black Night;
Wag beat Masterpiece; Rosebud beat
Revolver; Mac's Melody beat Bald
Eagle; lowa Maid beat Trinket;
Royal Flush beat Black Chief; High
Dice beat Hazel Dell; Flying Faster
beat Hotstuff.
AT UNION COURSING PARK
Favorites Win in Rundown
of Reserve Stake, With
Three Exceptions.
The sport at Union Park was provided
by the rundown of the reserve stake, for
w : hlch forty-eight entries were received.
The hares ran well, at times proving too
fleet of foot for the fastest dogs. The
latter ran true to form, the favorites,
with few exceptions, carrying off the
honors. One of the best courses of the
day Was between St. Elmo and Madge
Wildfire, the former winning. Silent
Treasure and Mialmo also showed great
sport in their meeting, Mialmo winning
after a good course. _
The only shortenders to raise a flag
during the afternoon were Pretender,
Maid of Erin and. Magic. ,-.... -
The reopening of Ingleside had its ef
fect on the attendance, as the owners and
handlers running dogs there have helped
swell the number of spectators at Lnion
Park during the past four months. The
principal item on the card to-day is the
winners' stake with eight entries. The
rundown of the reserve stake yesterday
resulted as follows:
Pretender beat Victor; O X .Capitol beat
Dauntless; Rosle Clair beat Shylock Boy;
Statesman beat Hlsh Flyer; Maid of Erin
beat Ben Bolt; Grenada beat Handicap; Rol
licking Airs beat Jesse Moore; Crawford il*d
beat Rowdy Lad; St. Elmo beat Madge Wild
fire- Lalla Rookh beat Fleeting Fancy; Wait
a Little beat O'Hara'; Best Assured beat Mas
ter Mat: Mountain Belle beat The Devil; Road
Agent beat Little Fairy; Magic beat Lady
Blanrhe- Rochester beat October Woodcock;
'Mountain Beauty beat Bonita; Mialmo beat
Silent Treasure; Joker beat Bessie B; Blncklock
beat Kid McCoy; Hurricane beat Magnet; Gold
Hill beat Black Bess; Lady Gllmore beat
Bounding Belle; Lady Emma bent Fireman.
-4-®-4-&-4-®-4- <»-♦-<£ -*~ <8> -4-^-4- &-4-
King, 8. s 4 0 0 0 « 8 2
Sullivan, .c .....4 11 0 9 2 0
Reilly. 3 b 4 1 2 0 1 l 0
Swindells, T. 1 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
I'vne. 1 b.v 4 0 2 0 5.1 2
O'Neil, 2 b 4 0 1 1 10 1
Iberg. p 4 0 0 0 0 3 0
Totals 3*. 4 6 I 27 10 6
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. 0 . -'"
WatßOnviU- .....1 00 102011—6
Base hits ....... ......2 1010313 3—14
Pan Francisco 0 0 2 0 0 2 0 00—4
Base hits ..0 11102 0 10—6
SUMMARY. 7 7-V'~7
Runs responsible for— Whalen. . Iberg (3).
Three-baa. hits Morrow. Courtney. Two-base
hits— Croll, Pybe (2), Reilly (2). Sacrifice hits—
Brockhoff, McCarthy, Morrow, ("roll. First
base on errors- -Watsonvllle 4, San Francisco
4. Struck out— By Wjialen 4, by Iberg 6. Passed
hall— Morrow. Time of game— 2 hours 5 min
utes. Umpire— '
- _
Boy Lowers a Record.
NORWOOD, Mass.. July 15.— The world's
mile bicycle record was broken to-day by
Joe-Downey, a 16-year-old. boy of Jamaica
Plain, who, paced by a motor tandem,
made the distance in 1:16 2-5. The race
against time was run on a public high
way, the mfle being straightaway. and
slightly down hill. Downey has won a
number of local bicycle events and has
lately entered the professional ranks.* The
best previous time for a mile straightaway
was 1:28, made by H. B. Freeman of Port
land, Or.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUInDAT, JULY 16, 1899.
Latest Sporting News
GREAT SPORT
AT THE HURT
CLUB RACE MEET
Select of San Mateo
Society Present.
WALTER HOBART WAS IN FORM
— — ♦- —
CAPTURED THE MOORE CUP
WITH ALI BABA.
♦ • •
Also Won on Pinto Was Closely
Pressed by Charles Dunphy,
Who Also Piloted Twr
of the Winners.
The racing matinee given yesterday at
Hobart Stock Farm. San Mateo, by the
Hunt Club of the suburban^ city was one
JACK CASSERLY SMILED AND 0 TOBIN CARVED THE WIND.
of the select social gatherings of the sea
son. "Walter Hobart, the master of cere
monies, busied himself 'tween smiles in
making things pleasant for the assembled
guests. '■:"■_'_ •'>; :-: r :-;i: '3 .- .■,:-. : : :..r
The ultra fashionable of San Mateo so
ciety made an otherwise dull and dismal
day bright by their presence. The races
were advertised to start at 2 o'clock, but
it was nearly an hour later' before tne
turnouts of upper swelldom began* pour
ing into the infield. Then they * came.
Victorias, dog-carts, foUr-in-hands, coach
es, brakes, drags and even the old-fash
ioned buck-board. The bleachers were
crowded with the townfolks.
Peter Martin with his coach and party
were the first to create a sensation. As
the prancing steeds caught the strains of
Blanchard's band the leaders began a
cakewalk step that threatened destruc
tion to the bicuspeds of the pole horses.
The fractious animals were . quickly de
tached without Peter losing a portion
of "his smile, even though his guests were
a trifle perturbed. Handsome Frank Caro
lan, wife and party were among the early
arriving ones, and Frank showed to ad
vantage as an admirable whip. By the
way, ho Is secretary of the Hunt Club.
The coach of Mr. Hobart was' located op
posite the judges'' stand and of the gay
crowd occupying seats thereon* "Baby
Hannah" was easily the star.
Joe Tobin was there, wearing the latest
effect in balloon trousering, and so was
W. 08. Macdonough. The latter was
mild-mannered and unostentatious as
ever. Jack Casserly and his pretty wife
were the guests of Mrs. Hobart. E. D.
Beylord swung three horses attached to
a "brake" through a gap no wider than
a kitchen door with an air of dash and
vigor that demonstrated that he was
there with the ribbons.-
In the saddle Charley Dunphy and Wal
ter Hobart were tied for first place hon
ors, each piloting two winners. Mr. Ho
bart, however, had slightly the best of it,
twice finishing second and once third out
of the seven events. ,
The sport commenced" with a quarter
mile dash for ponies that had never won
a race. The Hobart cup was the prize
offered and it was taken by Mr. Hume
astride the speedy Gopher, which won in
a drive, leading Mince Meat out a- neck.
Peter Martin rode, the latter, allowing
himself to be outlinlshed. ' ' '
Then followed a match race at four
furlongs, for $50 a side, between Walter
Hobart's pony Comanche and Yucatan,
a thoroughbred mare. Fred Edwards had
the. mare trained to the hour, and in a
furious drive, well ridden by Mr. Carolan,
she won from the pony by a length. .
The steeplechase for the Moore cup at
two and a half miles, with a Held of four
starting, was the big event of the after
noon. All carried IK pounds, and Ad
Baba with Walter Hobart up disposed of
his company somewhat handily. Hugh
Hume with the leg up on old . Harry
Lewis made a bold bid for It; but was out
classed. Merry Boy ran third. . . . ,< '
The Eyre cup, offered for pony racers
was next decided. The distance was half
a -mile, and Gopher, piloted by Dunphy,
made light of his field, winning* unaffect
edly from Dreyfus. Mr. Hobart danced
into third place with Little Egypt. ,
The Carolan cup, a steeplechase for
ponies at one and a quarter miles, fol
lowed. Again Mr. Dunphy showed his
prowess in the saddle. At the start he
opened a big gap over his field with
Bluphcr and was "away off" from Jubilee,
the mount of OUie Tobin. The winner is
not a pony, and the honors- rightly be
longed to Jubilee. Six-bits, Brandy. Molly
and Nolne finished in the order named.
A novel match race followed. Walter
Hobart sat astride Frank Carolan's
Pinto, while Mr. Carolan guided Hobart's
Guzeba, each owner having previously
wagered his pony the. slowest. Driving
hard, Pinto downed Guzeba half a length,
and the laugh was on Mr. Carolan. - y '
The race for the Hume cup saw Flood
more, the veteran' hurdler, with Walter
Hobart In the saddle, beaten out by a
horse called Bragg, ridden by Mr. Walter.
The latter, weighed In many pounds short
of weight, but Mr. Hobart generously
waved all claims. Blairheart, ridden home
by Dr. Williamson, finished third.
MAXIMO GOMEZ
DISQUALIFIED
FOR A FOOL
Williams Fined and
Suspended.
— —
MARTIMAS WINS NAUTILUS
\-4~_
FORCED TO A HARD DRIVE BY
. LITTLE SAINT.
, ♦
Dr. Catlett Takes the Punchesstown
Steeplechase and Sam McKeev
er Earns Brackets at
Brighton-
Special Dispatch to The Call. \
NEW YORK, July 15.— The' first race, at
Brighton to-day was a two-horse event
I in which Maximo Gomez was an odds-on
favorite. He finished first easily, but was
disqualified for fouling Marsian, nearly,
knocking the latter to his knees as he
rounded the lower turn. R. "Williams,
the rider, was -fined $200 and suspended
for the remainder of the meeting.
Mart i mas was a hot' favorite for the
Nautitus stakes and won with ease, al
though Little Saint came with a rattle
at the end and got up to within a neck of
him. Dr. Catlett won the Punchesstown
steeplechase. Mr. Smith, who rode his
own horse, King T, in this race, had a
fall as he reached the first jump, but
escaped with a bad shaking. Results:
Mile and one-sixteenth— Marsian won, Maxi- j
mo Gomez second. Time, 1:50. Maximo Gomes
finished first, but was disqualified.
Six furlongs— Sadduccee won, Nansen second,
Wax Taper third. Time, 1:15 3-5. .7
Five furlongs Voter won, Heliobas second.
Abuse third. Time, 1:01.
Nautilus, mile and one-sixteenth— Martimas
won. Little Saint second. Time, 1:48 1-5.
One mile, selling— Zanone won, Nautch Girl
second. Rare Perfume third. Time, 1:40 2-5.
Punchesstown steeplechase, full course Dr.
Catlett won, Rheinstrom second, Perion third.
Time, 5:05 2-5. . . • . •'-•<*-
One mile— Sam McKeever won, Maritl -ec
ond, Twinkler third. Time, 1:42.
ST. LOUIS, July 15.— Despite the hot weather
a good crowd was ln attendance at the Fair
Grounds to-day. The track was good. Results:
Selling, one and one-eighth miles— Can I See
'Em won. Moralist second, Fuclno third. Time,
1:i.6',4. :■ r. .-;.----*•--... ---;
One and one-quarter miles Judge Steadman
won, Chlmura second. School Girl third. Time,
2:09%. '
Handicap, two-year-olds, five and. one-half
furlongs— lda Ledford won. Miss Mac Day sec
ond. Dissolute third. Time, 1:09.
Six furlongs-Kensington won. Alleviate sec
ond. Applejack third. Time, 1:15%.
One and a sixteenth miles — Raffaelo won,
Gaston second. Lady I Callahan third. Time,
1:4?. • "-.:-. *r>-- ;
One and an eighth miles, Celling— Jimp won,
Sir Rolla second. Duke of Baden third. Time.
1:56. ■ - * ■ • . .
Selling, one and an eighth mil**—Montedon
ico won. Sir Joseph Lister second, Ransom
third. Time, 1:57.
CHICAGO, July Results at Hawthorne;
track heavy; weather cloudy: , >'-:'_ ■'""..
First .race, five furlongs— Caviar won,' , Etta
second. Zaza third. Time, I:os**.
One mile — Teutons won, Uhlers second.
Marine M M third. Time, 1:50%. :".,.•".
One mile— Prince Blazes won. Branch second.
Boney Boy third. Time, 1:48%.
One and a sixteenth miles— Samovar won. Del
Paso II second, Molo third. Time. 1:56.
Full course steeplechase— Hays ''■ won.
Colonel Wightman second. Gypcelver third.
• Time. 5:20.',- ' ' • - • •
One mile— Evelyn Byrd won, Bright Eyes sec
ond, Llmewater third. Time, 1:49.
BUFFALO. July 15.— feature of to-day's
card at Fort' Erie was the ' Queenstown stake
for two-year-olds for $1000. Alpaca was made
favorite at 3 to 5, but Aurea won It by a neck.
Larkspur, little Martin up. with 71 pounds,
itched a victory' from Miss Rowena by a
Deck. Results: .
Six furlongs— won. Miss- Rowena
second. Prince Plausible third. Time, 1:14*..
Four and a half furlongs— won. Two
Ann!':', second. Grumble third. Time, -.r.^i.
On.. iMle— Mischief Maker won, George Kratz
second. Allle Belle third. Time. 1:10%.-,.,
' Quelle! own stakes. - $1000,- five furlongs— Aurea
won. Alpaca second. Backwater third. Time,
1:02 ■• • • ■ •
Seven furlongs— Rideau won, Balllsta second.
Colonel Cluke third. Time. 1:28.
Steeplechase- handicap, short course— Black
Jlmmle won, Dousterswlvel second, Pommery
Sco third. Time. 3:02. -•*.■_•.
New Baseball League,.
DUBTJQ-UE, lowa. July la.— lt Is stated
here that Ben Johnson, Jimmy ; Man
ning. .Charley Comlskey . and .Tom
Loftus are planning a new baseball league
for the season of 1900. In. the distribution
it is said that Loftus ' has been .'*■' given
charge. In an interview to-night Loftus
admitted there was something in the
scheme, and arraigns the National
League. ...pronouncing its. policy narrow
and arbitrary. . * "
.; . ■»
Rain Prevents Tennis Games. •
CHICAGO. July, 15.— Rain prevented the
games in the tennis tournament to-day.
The semi-finals in singles will be played
on Monday. . ■
■ ■ : 4-
COURSING. "♦
RACING. 4
- .+
MOTORCYCLES
PACE A TRIO OF
FAST CYCLISTS
Elkes Beats Stevens
and Pierce.
— ♦ —
TWENTY-FIVE MILE SPRINT
— ♦ —
REMARKABLE FORM SHOWN BY
THE WINNER.
♦ /•"—
Spectators Display Interest in the
Work of the Motors Than
in the Race of the
Wheelmen-
♦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, July 15. Motorcycles
as pacemakers In bicycle races appar
ently have come to stay. On the track
at Manhattan Beach this afternoon
three noisy machines, whose quick-re
curring, explosions of gasoline reminded
one strongly of a Fourth of July cele
bration, cut out a pace for twenty-five
miles at a rate of about thirty-three
miles to the hour. The middle-distance
riders, trailing these machines, were In
a competition for a purse of $1000 and
a percentage of the gate receipts, but
the four .thousand spectators almost
overlooked the performances o-f the
principals in their eagerness to follow
the trail of the motors. Chiefly because
his petroleum quadruplet possessed
more speed than the naphtha tandems
of his rivals "Harry" Elkes," admit
tedly the cleverest pace follower in
America, finished first in the race by a
margin of a half-mile- over Burns
Pierce and of two miles over Earl
Stevens. His time for the journey was
45:11 3-5, the best time made behind
motor pace in this countrj'.
Throughout the contest the actions of
the motor machines were satisfactory
to the riders and to the spectators,
though undoubtedly both Pierce and
Stevens would have pressed Elkes
closer at the finish had they been paced
by "quads" instead of by tandems. The
only faltering on the part of any of the
machines occurred near the end of the
fourteenth mile, when the motor of the
four-seater ceased its work because of
lack of fuel. Its place was taken by a
tandem, which was in readiness in case
of accident. . ■ "* \ - . .*"* ■
Pierce rode ln form that would have
been considered good in any other com
pany hut that of Elkes. Up to ten miles
he made an interesting race, frequently
closing on the leader and sometimes
passing him, only to be repassed. For a
brief third of a mile, ending at the five
miles, he held the lead and then began
to gradually fall away. After the tenth
mile he lost ground more rapidly. Ste
vens, disappointed by his inability to
make use of C. W. Miller's new French
tandem, was paced by the machine
brought over from Europe by Henri
Fournier a year ago. He followed: his
pace closely, but was never a factor in
the contest. . \\; ■
POOL ORDER IS KILLED
Mayor Phelan Vetoes Ingle
side's East Chance of
Coursing Sport.
Mayor Phelan has vetoed the order re
cently passed by the Board of Super
visors which so amended the anti-pool
selling law as to permit pool selling at all
coursing parks. The , measure, although
general in its scope, was intended for the
relief of the Ingleside Coursing Associa
tion, which was forced to suspend when
the ordinance which closed the race track
went into effect. Mayor -Phelan's objec
tions to the measure are stated in his
message of disapproval; which is as fol
lows: SAN FRANCISCO, July 12, 18997.
SAN FRANCISCO. July 12, 1899.
To the Honorable, the Board of Bu
ger visors of the City and County .of .
an Francisco— Gentlemen: t I here
with return to you. without my ap
proval. Order No. 204, providing for
pool selling and bookmakmg at cours
ing parks. The reason for my objec
tion is that your honorable board has
forbidden by Order No. 174. which this -
purports to in part repeal, pool selling
and bookrnaking on all racing tracks
and coursing parks; and by now dis
. criminating you seek .to confer bene
fits and immunities on one class of
citizens to the exclusion of another, lf
which is contrary to law. If you legal
ize gambling you cannot make ■ the
privilege exclusive. - Respectfully.*
(Signed) JAMES D. PHELAN, 7
t ,'-,'. .-< '-',*'■ Mayor.
It is said an attempt" will be made to
have the order passed over the Mayor's
veto, but it is not thought that enough
votes can.be secured to do so. J
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
Shamrock
Sn a XJrial Spin
•4- 4 4-,4 : 4- 4- 4* +'4- 4*. -4 4- 74- 4- >>
■• -■■ ■ , '" - ■■'¥*
THE SHAMROCK
TAKES A SPIN ON
A CHOPPY SEA
Splendid Showing of
the Challenger.
♦ —
BREASTS A STIFF BREEZE
■ — ♦ —
HARD TO BEAT AT CLOSE
HAULED TACKING.
— — a
At Cowes the Aged and the Invalid
Turn Out to Get a Glimpse
of the Trim Racing
Craft.
■' — — ♦ ' —
Special Cable to The Call and th* New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1839. by James Gor
don Bennett.
SOUTHAMPTON, July 15.— rea
son the Shamrock did not sail yester
day, after having made all preparations
to do so, as described in yesterday's
dispatch, was. merely a desire not to
wet her new mainsail. The mechanics
—whom I described as coming aboard
and going below, as well as their sub
sequent tapping were there to make
necessary preparations for girders
which will be placed inside the yacht
for the voyage.
This morning, however, at 10 o'clock
the Shamrock had her jib and trysail
set and was ready and waiting for Sir
Thomas Lipton. The moment he board
ed her her anchor was weighed and she
went very gently down Southampton
water, followed by the Satanita, under
short sail. In front of Netley Hospital
the Shamrock went about, head to
wind, and this time her great mainsail
was set without any uiiftculty. This
operation was performed right under
the guardshlp Australia, whose officers
and men got a fine view of the yacht.
There was not wind enough to blow out
the Royal Ulster Club's pennant, which
was hauled at her peak. She scarcely
moved. Then for the first time the
jackyards topsail was set, as pretty a
piece of canvas as one would want to
see. The wind failing, a tug took the
yacht in tow as far as Brambles,
where a wind of a wholesale order was
speedily forthcoming from the north
west.
To begin with on. this the Shamrock
started on a westerly course ln fine
style. She was close hauled and jibed
around, fetching Cowes Road on the
port tack. She went about and re
turned on the starboard tack. Then she
hove to and took aboard Ratsey, her
sailmaker. Fife was there already. The
wind had now shifted a point to due
west and had more power in it. This
gave the challenger a dead beat toward
Needles in a choppy sea— just what she
wanted. It thoroughly blew out the
sails.
In this beating the Shamrock showed
palpably the great depth of her keel.
Her capacity to windward is i un
doubted. On that point to-day she
showed herself a clinker, and a stiff
boat. In close hauled tacking she will
be difficult to beat. Having sailed over
Queen's course, the Shamrock routed
west a full hour, then back to Cowes.
The scene there was a remarkable
one. Aged people who had never
showed themselves for years turned out
on crutches and in chairs. There was
an interested and critical crowd on the
yachts off the Squadron and on the
Terrace. There was a similar scene
when she got to Ryde, where the fa
mous clubhouse was unusually crowd
ed. The Shamrock now had her jib
topsail set, but neither spinnaker or
balloon foresail, both of which she
might have carried.
Various opinions were expressed, es
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HIGH-CLASS SPECIALISTS -
Who Charge Reasonable Prices and Wait
for Pay Till Their Patients
Are Cured.
FREE ADVICE~fIND~GDHSULTATIDU.
y^^^^^_____^^^^~~>^ I
PART OF THE STAFF OF DR. MEYERS & CO.
DR. MEYERS & CO. are the only doctors in America who will treat you
on these terms. Patients may ddepositt t the price of a cure in any bank in San
- Francisco, to be paid only when they are strong and well. If preferred how-
ever, payments may be made in weekly or monthly installments
It requires . confidence backed by ability to make such an offer But Dr
Meyers & Co. have built up a large practice by doing business on theso
terms. ,'..-. ' '. " ■•,.:-
Every. member of the staff is a noted specialist with many years* experi-
• ence. They cure: ■ ■
WASTING WEAKNESS, UNNATURAL LOSKF*"? avu att ottj c-d
FORMS OF NERVOUS DEBILITY ALSO URtrM-Pir .vn 01 ?,^
TURE PILES; DISEASES OF THE KIDNEY. - BLADDER PINE LIVER
DISEASES ACH: ALS O CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON AND PRIvItE
IS M R^n^i,, ( ;?\ S . SUCCe f sf i , ; l t P . , ; actlce covers a P eriod ot more than
"o-,J .T , ••- con «uct a large institution, are well enuinoed and have
s™d sease 1 -. welP c S^W £ ey ?**£_>* ntosrchron?c U c a P d ofweaknVss
or ui&ease, as well as such troubles in their, early stages.
HOME CURES A SPECIATLY.
If you cannot call, write for private bock, diagnosis sheet, free advice
neve seen __?%_%&**&* Thousands of men cured every year who have
No Y nrintine an ?r?£?^-"% onsul tion i 'ree. All correspondence confidential.
-\o printing on envelopes or packages to indicate name of sender.
DR. ME VERS & CO.
f_Y , *3 -i Market Street, I elevator j Hours-8 to 5 Daily.
M 4*9 1 San Francisco. | ENTRANCE. .. | fvffi^w a
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Murphy's
Great Ride
71 Mile in 57' 4-5 Seconds,
The Fastest Mile Ever Made by
Man or Beast.
HIS MOUNT WAS A BLUE STREAK
TRIBUNE,
Regular Model .SO, Geared to 112.
Hoand**so
JOE HOLLE, Agt.,
20th and Folsom Sts.
pecially on the way she travels wiU_
a fair wind, but It was quite Impossi
ble to judge her full capacity until she
has been seen with all sails set. It was
noticed that the yacht splashed mora
water in traveling to-day than on her,
first spin. ;-' . ' :
At Cowes the Shamrock passed di
rectly behind the Britannia and tha
contrast was striking. The Prince of
"Wales' cutter looked quite small
against the Shamrock, the latter^ top
mast towering over the Britannia's. fa-
There was a beat back from Nab
lightship and a clean reach home up
Southampton water. She was a very
fetching picture as she approached her
anchorage, the setting sun lighting up
her emerald green sides.
It is stated the Kaiser has been re
quested to allow Captain Parker to sail
the Meteor on Tuesday, there being &
doubt concerning the Britannia's capa
bilities after lying for two seasons in
the mud. whereas the Meteor comes
fresh from her racing at Kiel.
Probably you will receive news that
the Shamrock had an accident on her
spin to-day. The report originated at
Cowes, and is to the effect that the
Shamrock carried away her mainsail.
A member of the Royal Thames Yacht
Club, whom I met in Cowes this after
noon, was the center of attraction. He
asserted that in looking with a tele
scope from the club window he distinct
ly saw the peak gaff of the Shamrock
i and then the whole mainsail give way.
In a few minutes all Cowes was talk
ing about the catastrophe. Many
persons said, "I told you so; I knew
her rigging was too light." etc. The
news was telegraphed and appears
here in large type in the evening pa
! pers, with large headings, "Mishap in
the Solent. Mainsail Carried Away."
Of course all that was terrible. Peo
ple began discussing whether the hull
had not been damaged, as of course it
would have been had the halyards
given way. The truth is nothing hap
pened at all. Nothing gave way. The
Shamrock had no accident of any kind.
Bicycle Baces During a Bain.
CINCINNATI, July 15.— 1n a series of
professional and amateur bicycle races
run at Chester Park in a drizzling rain
to-day, L. O. Gordon of Indianapolis won
the two-thirds of a mile open profession
al in 1:40,' Horace Paucth of Louisville
won the mile professional in 2:18. and
Reno Rienck of Cincinnati (handicap 150
yards) won the two-mile professional in
4:22 4-5, Paucth of Louisville second and
Barney Oldfleld of Toledo third. Reno
Rienck also won the professional $40.
prize race in 2:18 1-5.* ■; ._.'.*
■ m ■
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh street, corner Mission. Salt
water direct from the ocean. '".•..:->' ADVERTISEMENTS.
__\ ,__— _77-T~" ____Z UJiiiiiiwiii __7_mm'
If"4i9 lSE_f ___^_____3__ fl-B BHI 9B vD_a IB ■__!
_W_____________mF^^ Mm ¥M<m***_*_ I™ D!O * L
SIO ill Oil e¥ in treatment
■ iiv ilium* j 111 0M kmmi
WT__f nUTaIiUO rtfcUABLEMAN
mBB S^^l Marvelous appliance and remedies of rare
-W"^ ' o^s^%^^ ?^h power will be sent on trial, without any ad-
W'%*^ S^S^l-^J 3 1 vance payment, by the foremost Company
||&. -^T^^^^^^^J in the world in the treatment of men weak,
_W_J >^*i^^Wfl^^%'| broken, discouraged from effects of ex-
f "^^ '^^^^!||^»BH cesses, worry, overwork, etc. Happy mar-
ft ,'\S. '^^^^^^ H * a £ e cured, complete restoration or devel-
l^^^^-^gftl^ opment of all robust conditions.
avsy- ,^>f====>^ N° C. O. D. fraud ; no deception ; no expos-
I Ss_k_- * T***.^*' J ure * Any man writing in good faith may
1 ttW^. i 'T^l'im °^ ta^ n * u *k account of this astonishing sys-
W P^*k £_Isw ft ter n" T ° u *^ aye on **y t0 write your name
& V- V-^v^^jl 1 an(^ address in the blank form below, cut
|"*:-\ vi^v 7 /^j^^T^A out the coupon and mail it to the Erie
P-l^vSL -^VK. W Medical Co -» Buffalo, N. Y.
- -ifc- '' x-O-6^ W ER-- 5 MEDICAL CO.,
RCly Ms# : 7 I,/ 66 NIAGARA ST -' BUFF ALO, N. Y.
Iv / > *§Sr^"'~"" W-* "J J/m Sirs i— As per statement in San Francisco Call you
iV^N^fc^^ \_\tf_ Ijs J may mail to me, under plain letter seal, postage paid,
§_^*^_*___l'~' -^rCT a Jfy m full explanation of your new system of furnishing
>>^^__ >•***'/ tev <H yo^f Appliance and Remedies to reliable men on trial
§ ~^/. j ( w& and approval without expense— payment to be made
l^^s. _J^7'\ C i % *?M -* 11 advance cost of any kind unless treatment
j ""''' 'j\ \ „„{\ proves successful and entirely satisfactory. Also mail
| v *-- :^ - JSgL NslMi sealed, free, your new medical book for men,
Ir'LL IN NAME AND ADDRESS IN FULL)
INSPECT THE BIG
SUGAR FACTORY
College Scientists Visit
Spreckelsviile.
— • —
A DAY OF MANY JAUNTS
— * —
SEVENTEEN-MILE DRIVE ONE
OF THE FEATURES.
•
Tour of the Agriculturists Is at an
End, hut They Are in No
Hurry to Return to
the East.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SPRECKELSVILLE, July 15.—
Association of American Agricultural
Colleges and Experiment Stations and
the Association of Official Agricultural
Chemists after a successful week spent,
in inspecting the resources of Califor
nia concluded their tour here this after
noon, and left for San Francisco, tired
but greatly impressed, by all that had
been shown them. The special train
with the delegates reacted here shortly
after 2 o'clock. The visitors were
shown through the mammoth beet su
gar plant of the Spreckels Sugar Com
pany by its superintendent, W. C.
Waters. The factory will be ready to
begin operations early in September
and will have a capacity of 3000 tons
of sugar a day. It is the most thor
oughly equipped plant of its kind ln
the world, and was built at a cost ex
ceeding $1,000,000.
The agriculturists enjoyed some of
the beauties of Del Monte before leav
ing that famous resort. They were
driven over the seventeen-mile drive.
The old town of Monterey was visited
and its points of interest shown the
visitors.
Many of the delegates will leave for
their respective homes next week, but
a number will remain in the State for
some time for the purpose of visiting
localities which are of peculiar interest
to them. ____-■-
SALMON PACK A FAILURE.
Year's Output From the Columbia
Far Below the Average.
ASTORIA, Or.. July 15.— Three months
of the four constituting the fishing sea
son have passed and thus far the salmon
pack has been a failure. The run of fish
has been fair at short intervals, but as
a whole the season has been a disappoint
ment. The scarcity of salmon is due to
the high water which has prevailed. The
river Is now failing rapidly and salmon
may yet become plentiful enough to bring
.the already short pack up to the average,
although this is extremely unlikely.
One condition which has tended to less
en the pack has been the great amount of
fish handled by the cold storage com
?anies. They receive a much better price
or their flan, which are delivered fresh
■ ■■■ Eastern and foreign markets, than do
the canners. and have paid a price to
the fishermen that has materially cut
into the packers' supply, ■ .
The estimated total park to date is 188,-.
200 cases, of which the canners'. combine
has packed 62.000 cases. The pack is!
75.000 cases short- of that of I*9B and 200
cases short of that of two years ago.
This year's pack, from present Indica
tions, will be 125.000 cases short.
FAST FERRY-BOAT.
San Rafael-Sausalito Trip Will Be
Shortened. '" /-""""' .
SAN RAFAEL, July 15.— The immense
passenger traffic on the line of the North
Pacific Coast Railway owing to the in
err asing popularity of Marin County as
a summer resort has led the officials of
that company to a determination to add
to their facilities for transportation. The
first step villi be the purchase of several
new passenger cars to be placed on the
route between San Rafael and Sausalito.
but the most important proposition now
under consideration is the building of a
new ferry-boat of such a pattern that ten
minutes can be cut off the time now re
quired to cross the bay. " >&<
<XXr<><r< f 4<*r<r4<r^^
moOjOOlnColdFree.
f-^AEEGIKLMNNOOOOPRRWYY^
i'_i_m-_--____-mm^^^waa-_w_
B"IB. _ B&lf. tf-ftSBB. IT* We will _tve SIOO.OO In Gold to any one wh. will arrange the
wl Whi M V H 3§B !f_l I twenty letter* printed above mi. three names denoting thrfo Mrelt-
I -9 11 M I .J LU lt_ I Known .hip. of the mil*-, State, S»vy during the s„an..h
i •» , »»«lIIV VWSVI Mar. Remember we d ',. not want one tent ./your money. There 1, only
# cne condition, which will take less than cil- hour of your time, which we will write you «r!.»n your pri« la delivered. In
•*• making the three names, the letters ten, only be used *t many limes <»■ they af fear- ajm-t and no letter can be used
*> whi.ii does not apftar. Art or you liiitc found Hie three correct names, you will have used every Utter in the
X '-"v exactly as many times aa it appears The money will be paid .-Ittfttrt I.*Jth, JSfMJ. Should more
X than one person a --.- in ,„..,!, ,,,. the three correct name*, the Sroo.oo will be equally divided. We mate this liberal
i .j/,r to introduce cur eh ••»-,,. ■ and interesting family Ort to 1 4 1-ColuciM. illustrated monthly magazine to
A as marry families in the United States and Canada as possible, where it is a: yet unknown. Our ratj.-ii-i is carefully
X _ne<l, illustrated *n& fllted-rntn thr rhoitr,; li'i-ran- matter flat the Lest authors produce. Try and Win. Ifyou
X ■Ulaaake the three names and Nenil tliem to US at once, who anew: but that fee will get the Bold t Anyway,
A we do no: want any ..,,. from yon. and a can'.est Ike this Is .■< interesting. As mm as we receive your answer we
* will "' .nee write aud nstify yon If you have won ;_-r' ? ,i ze . We sincerely hope you will, as we shall gt:. the $10000 ,
_ away anyway. Do not delay. Write st once. * ■ -■■ »
I R I G LEV PUBLISHING CO., 345 Washington St., BOSTON, MASS. j
__ __________ __A-S____\ iVAAJUUU I 11 1 _--'___..- _' jl. '-___._ '____ -_ - ~ ---._-----_-__,_.*._.*.-----_*-_.
ANTI-STRIKE BILL
CANNOT BE PASSED
William's Words Will Not
Aid the Measure.
— ♦ —
COMMENT ON HIS TELEGRAM
c .
HIS MAJESTY'S UTTERANCES
VARIOUSLY INTERPRETED.
• — -
One Journal Regards Them as an In
dication That the Imperial Gov
ernment Is Trying to Fol
low Bismarck's Policy.
Copyrighted, 1???, by the Associated Press.
BERLIN", July 13.— Emperor Wil
liam's telegram to Dr. Hlnspeter, the ;
; former tutor of his Majesty, furnishes j
; the press with welcome relief from the
midsummer dullness. Hi^ Majesty's as
sertion of his unshaken determination
| to continue in spite of all resistance in
the way he considers right is generally j
I interpreted as referring to the antl- ,
! strike bill, but it is not believed the I
! Emperor's word will help the measure,
I which all aeree is buried beyond hop*»
|of resurrection. The telegram has not !
I been well received outside of the con
; servative press. It is generally consid
! ered another of his Majesty's unfortu
j nate meddling with party politic?.
The Pan-German Deutsche Zeitung
regrets the telegram, while sympathiz- ■
: ing with its object, and asks why the
responsible Ministers do not tako such
I work off the Emperor's shoulders. It j
also questions whether the present ut
terances of his Majesty tend to pro- j
j mote the interests of the bill, and de- !
' nies that these utterances promote the
wr-lfare <>f the monarchy.
The Conservative Post regards the
telegram as a symptom of the Imperial
Government being determined not to
leave the path the late Prince Bis
marck followed in dealing with labor
and social question?.
The National Zeitung calls the tele
gram a purely personal and private ut
terance.
The Tac-eblatt attempts to emphasize
this view by printing the telegram un- |
der the heading of court news, and af- i
' fects to regard it as of no political Im- !
i portance and as sent from the imperial ,
I yacht without the presence of a respon
! sible Minister.
The Socialist press at once seized
! upon the telegram as excellent agita
tion material for the Social Democracy.
The Voerwarts regards it as the Em
peror's answer to the Reichstag vote
on the anti-strike bill, adding: "The
Emperor has not been convinced by
the sentiments of the people, and is fol
! lowing aims to which the people are
! passionately opposed and which even
I the Ministry are unwilling to indorse."
The Voerwarts also interprets the mi
i cident as showing that the struggle
! against the bill has only begun, and
I says {hat his Majesty's words have I
\ "produced waves in the stream of con- !
; stitutional life which will not soon dis
appear." __^__________
Colonization Scheme.
WOODLAND, July George D. Fiske
returned from the East last night. He
visited every New England State and
traveled nearly eight thousand miles.
When asked by The Call representative
if there is any truth in the rumor that
his trip had anything to do with a coloni
zation scheme for Esparto his reply was
cvaslye, but tended to give color to the
report. "I have been working on that
scheme for months and am hopeful of
•success," was his cautious answer.
Almond Growers Organize.
BRENTWOOD, July 15.— The almond |
growers of this county met here to-day I
and formed an association to be called the j
Contra Costa Almond Growers' Associa- I
tion. William Shafer was elected presi- j
dent and R. Trinbath * secretary. Tho I
members have here 4000 acres in almonds.
The crop this year will be about 400 tons, j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 16, 1899.
BANKS FIGHTING
TO ESCAPE TAXES
Injunction Granted D.
O. Mills & Co.
. — ♦ —
REGARDED . AS A TEST CASE
. "_, — ♦ —
ATTEMPT TO BODGE STOCK AS
SESSMENTS.
It Is Claimed That the Law Passed
by the Recent Legislature
Is Retroactive and
Void.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, July 15.— A suit was
j filed in the Superior Court this after
noon, which is of Interest to every
! holder of national bank stock in the
State, and which, if successful, will
permit of a large amount of property
escaping taxation. Heretofore in Cali
fornia national bank stock has been
held to be non-assessable owing to the
absence of a State law. Other States
jin which the proper law had been
' enacted assessed this stock and col
! lected taxes on it right along.
The last Legislature, wishing to place
California in the category of States
which collected taxes on. this class of
property, passed a law on March 14
making national bank stock assessable.
Holders of stock in the national bank
of D. O. Mills & Co. in this city claimed
that the act of March 14 was retro
active, inasmuch as it attempted to
make assessable property held on
March 1 which was not assessable at
that time. They claimed that if f the
bank officials paid their taxes on this
property they would hold them respon
sible and sue the officials for recovery
of the amount paid.
In view of this threat on the part of
the stockholders the bank of D. O. Mills
& Co. has brought suit in the Superior
Court against County Assessor Berkey,
| asking for an injunction restraining
! him from taking the bank's money to
' pay the taxes on the stock held by the
| stockholders. A temporary injunction
I has been issued.
The act making national bank stock
j assessable, chapter 80, became a law
j under the constitutional provision with
out the Governor's approval on March
14, 1899.
TEST OF MEXICAN
EXTRADITION TREATY
Technical Points Involved in the At
tempt to Bring Back an
Outlaw.
AUSTIN*. Tex., July 15.— John Kee
ton, who is in jail in Juarez, Mexico,
awaiting extradition on the charge of
having been an accomplice in the rob
bery of a Texas and Pacific Railroad
train and the killing of the fireman in
Coleman County. Texas, over a year
ago, still has a chance to gain his lib
erty. The Mexican Government has
given the Texas authorities until July
28 to prove their case, and unless the
necessary papers are in shape by that
time the prisoner probably will be re
leased from custody.
The Mexican authorities still main
tain that under the provisions of the
new treaty an accomplice in a crime
cannot be extradited, but it is likely
that the point will be waived In this
case, a request having been made that
there be furnished them a certified copy
of the conviction record of the other
murderers of the band, who received
penitentiary sentences in Coleman
County. It Is said Keeton has friends
in Mexico who are aiding him in his
fight against extradition.
The outcome of the case depends to
some extent on the result of the action
of the United States Government on the
application for the extradition of Mrs.
John D. Rich, in jail at El Paso
charged with the murder of her hus
band in Juarez. These two cases are
of extraordinary interest by reason of
the fact that they are the first to arise
since the new treaty went into effect,
and some intricate points are to be de.
termlned by their results.
PUTS A STOP TO ALL
RIVER IMPROVEMENTS
Supreme Court to Decide That the
Office of Public Works Com
missioner Has Lapsed.
WOODLAND, July 15.— Information has
been received by means of what is con
sidered a straight tip that as a result of
wrestling with conflicting and confusing
legislation affecting the office of Commis
sioner of Public Works the Supreme Court
will soon render a decision holding that,
owing to a blunder of the Legislature,
the office has lapsed. The effect of the
decision will be to put a stop to all river
improvements under the direction of the
commissioner and the auditing board and
to render -unavailable for the purposes for
which it was appropriated an unexpended
balance of nearly $180,000 in the fund.
Such a decision will be regarded by the
farming and horticultural interests along
the rivers of the State as But little short
of a public calamity. The government
engineers have testified that the depart
ment of public works has accomplished
the maximum of results at a minimum
cost; but much of this good work, for
lack of proper attention from some one
authorized to maintain and keep it in
repair, may be irreparably damaged be
fore the Legislature meets again. The
forecast of the decision is 'regarded as so
reliable that George Randle, assistant en
gineer of the department, has written a
letter to the commissioner tendering his
resignation. He has accepted an offer
from the Mcßride Sugar Company and
will soon leave for the Sandwich Islands
to develop an irrigation system on the
island of Kauai.
GIFT TO FIREMEN.
Claus Spreckels Presents a Check to
the Salinas Department.
SALINAS, July 15.— Claus Spreckels is
in this city. While here he gave a check
to Mayor Franceo for. a snug sum to he
used for the benefit of the Salinas Fire
Department. At the time the three-story
hotel burned at Spreckelsville on June 17
the full lire department turned out, and,
although the conflagration was about
live miles away, the firemen went thither
and rendered valuable assistance. Mr.
Spreckels has now reciprocated by mak
ing the department a. generous donation.
The fire department was called together
and the check, was presented. Chief Mc-
Collom received it with an appropriate
address. -. ' .
SALE OF POPOCATAPETL.
An American Syndicate Secures the
Volcano and Sulphur Deposit. *
CITY OF MEXICO, July 15.— The nego
tiations for the sale of Popocatepetl vol
cano have been concluded and $500,000 in
gold, -the purchase price, has been paid
over to General Gasper Sanchez, who
owned and operated the sulphur deposit
in the crater of the volcano for the past
twenty-five years. The new owner is an
American syndicate, of which United
States Senator Clark of Montana is. a
member. A cogwheel railroad will be im
mediately built to the summit and the
sulphur deposit mined on an extensive
scale. ."' '■- .. • " ' .■% .y l i ' T\
Death of Wi-liam Crozier.
ANGELS CAMP,* July William Cro
sier, a pioneer of this county, died .at
Murphys yesterday at the age of 79 years.
. _.-..* ...
ADVEBTISEMEKTS. •■_'., V;-.i :p£
ISick headaches! ~ Always trace them to a lazy liver or a sick stomach. Poisonous matter, instead of being __*_
_W*naA kSs I Sim _K3_\ M^ Ell m_m &
n vOucivii w ®
Sick headaches! ' Always trace them to a lazy liver or a sick stomach. Poisonous matter, instead of being g
thrown out, is reabsorbed into the blood. When this poison reaches the delicate brain tissue it causes congestion ©
and that dull, awful, throbbing, sickening pain. CASCARETS remove the cause by stimulating the liver,, making ®
the poison move on and out, and purifying the blood. The effect is almost instantaneous. Ladies, whose sensitive g
organisms are especially prone to sick headaches, do not suffer, but find relief in CASCARETS Candy Cathartic. g
Look, out for Imitations -SL-T 1^ Counterfeits ! ©
tr_ -_4_\_r^ -_--—_—¥-_ toe- " Botn m 7 wife and tnyaelf bave been Dela 6<5
——\ Jk^wSar J&—Y_\_ tt—_—_ i_W:ip3_ able medicine we have ever had in the house. Last as? '•_ af&
I__t__^^^^^S____. -pie funeral!''— Kansas City Independent. S er 35
_^S^Br _m_mtßm_ ,^- "Both my wife and myself have been Dela 63
JeSSst /^ (|^ using CASCARKTS, and they are the oest _Qf
___W£r £.&*_—_ W_WfVj_ able medicine we have ever had in the house. Last as? X2|
J&_¥mr _Wpfß_mß*%&s!_m WS__m . /«•_ week my wife was frantic with headache for iner. __f
_wM—f wk&Er <__f Bpj Ct two days: she tried some of your CASCA RETS ° gh
_9&*W m&_7 -W - ??J___3 _ple and they relieved the pain )n her heed almost 5* r _Qf
__MeSw i_3sL ___%_¥ *^hed immediately. We both recommend Casca- anu 62
§ a ANNUAL SALES, 5,000,000 BOXES. __4g_Hr^ §
1 THE TABLET DRUGGISTS |
JF CASCARETS are absolutely harmless, a purely vegetable compound. Ho mercurial or other mineral pill-poison ln Cascarets. Cascarets promptly, effectively and permanently V
DO f cure every disorder of the Stomach, Liver and Intestines. They not only cure constipation, but correct any and every form of irregularity of the bowels, including diarrhcea and dysentery. Da
($£ Pleasant, palatable, potent. Taste good, do good. Never sicken, weaken or gripe. Be sure you get the genuine ! Beware of imitations and substitutes ! Buy a box of CASCARETS f?%
v to-day, and if not pleased in every respect, get your money back ! * Write us for booklet and free sample ! Address STERLING REMEDY COMPANY, CHICAGO or NEW YORK. %jj
Bfif®®®®g^^
JOE POHEIM, rink
Makes the Best Fitting Clothes at 25 per
cent less than any other house on the
Pacific Coast, and it is the only house
it!..- you get fine clothes at moderate
prices. <g«
PANTS ft SUITS
TO ORDER '-JgL TOORDEB
$4.50 mm $1000
5.00 -^^B 13.50
6.00 mtW 5.50
7.00 la 17 - 50
8.00 mm 2000
9.00 111 250
10.00 N&^ 30.00
FULL DRESS SUITS TO ORDER FROM $25 TO $60
The firm of JOE POHEIM is the largctt on the Coast.
Rule* for self measurement and samples of cloth sent free.
If garments »re not satisfactory in every respect, money •
refunded. 01 j, n( i ._ w Montgomery St., anil
1110 and 111*! Market St., S. V,
-So Fourteenth St., Oakland
MS S. Spring St.; J>os Angoles
Money at 6 per Cent
Money to loan at 6 per cent per annum, on
City Real Estate Security, by
THE HIBERNIA SAVINGS AND
LOAN SOCIETY,
S-jj-j-*^ • The p*e\,T3_>
THE HOWIE REMEDY Sffiffl
for FEMALE COMPLAINTS ??_-_*
wr—iff. Fcr -li these pains, lrr«tnU-_tl«i and diffl.-'i.tu- no
reree-y on earth tZrartn Dan. Easilyapnliec. by ladyher-
-qia'a thifairouswlaJlU-KIU self, ilc-llrvrii c.ll pnln
'_&_—__» In *'"-"" 1 ' > rr Ovaries In iit minute*.
FSS_-*_^* J ?ii Promptly relieves Headache, Nausea, Blood and
Bladder Traulilej, f'-uitr.ess.^ervoujnpfs, frar
£_v _^S and Despondency. Cure* Leucorrhct-, Wor.ii
GH} Mb Complaints, Displacements, Backache, Petting
; \Sf_i*' -24 D<' v '' Pains an.l all Fecial* _It<nrrler«. jgSß&t,
JPt^' • Soreness and -Iceritions^j^'aN
Q M****ku___3lB<' beer* the spirits »rd Ttt-i-_eal__l{J
*» '^^Safi^^tl.e "hole t rani». •*jil*c, Sun: sail \3S_f
Abeuluteiy llurml<-.«. One 60 c ?nt box wilt
complete a cure In ordinary cases.
STOPS All P All j Wl© BY AL.I. DRUGGISTS.
0 1 VI v ALL rnlll or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt
IN \ 0 MINUTtO ' The r-rfceto Ca.Caiton Bide. Chlc:_:«
Sold by Owl Drug Co., Baldwin Fharmacy,
XV. .7. Bryan (two stores). Grant Drug Co.. in
Oakland by Owl Drug Co.
A visit DR, JORDAN'S great 0
iHUSEUH'OF ANATOMY^
§ C_B 1C ' U_,SXXT ST. tet. 6:_ _?.. , S.F.CiI. A
_ , Xf The Largest Anatomical Museum in the _
w __a(3tf_<r*_-. World. AVeakncsses or Any contracted A
T —^__—\\ disease B>*"*l«**''ly _iare>_ by the oldest W '
9 JgMj *P ec, al'it m the C-iit. Est 36 year.- m
V ii&Zi DR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES A
e_W-^M tOßsulutioa free and strictly private _
B I*w; n T''' , ™*it personally or by letter. Ag
!f ASK&fi Fot.tm Cure in every case undertaken. _
mil ' & Write for Book. piiii.asoi'iiv.fi
* j , i M4KRIAI.I-:, hailbd Fata, (.if
1 Jj A valuable book for men) _,
j W I»K JORDAN — Co., 1061 MarketSt..R. F. W
i BBHBM .HALL'S BEINYIGORATOB
ISfflfngS-B Five hundred reward for any
H™* • case we cannot cure. This secret
■__. rnw remedy stops all losses ln 24
"jfcjj ___i hours, cures Emissions, Impo-
!«*n ItTfll tency, Varicocele, Gonorrhoea,
_____ fi«U Gleet. Kits*. Strictures, Lost
pfifflL-JBRw Manhood and all wasting effects
mt_Et -___i r,f self-abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed, $2 bottle; 3 bottles. $3: guaranieed to
euro any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL, IN-
STITUTE, 8."5 Broadway, Oakland, CaL Also
for tale at lOTr,*. Market st., S. F. All private
diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
I E QBHM-'G FOR EITHER BE.*:.
— _ DnUndThls remedy being mi-
i i j_a._la.a-l Hlrgetly tO the
c-" ■■" /&*_, seat of thone diseases
0 - IT" of tho -Kenito- Urinary
2*j Hra Organs, requires no
4__! 1 91 chance of diet. Care
■ r_y~ Iff guaranteed in 1 to 3
1 days. (.mail plain pack-
Oif "-_ TC** »C * n * mail, it. GO.
_& $_* J%__u»oldOHl7by
GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO.. Sol* Amenta,
214 Kearny at.. San Francicco. Cal.
£ 7"PATENTSf __
8,-^ c r^-^ga^iy *_c*__. ii l ii !■ — I — iJC r tlN-jf
; Xa£S^33o MARKET ST. S.?.^*-t*
CUFERILIIEi
.■■■_.■■ Valises checked free.
RADWAYS'S READY RELIEF has atood
unrivaled before the public for 50 ' years . as a
Pain Remedy It instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds, Sore Throats, Influenza, Bron-
chitis, Pneumonia, . Rheumatism, : Neuralgia.
Headache. Toothache and all pains. Internally
tor Malaria and all Bowel Pains. All druggists. |
iJ—HS* fl.:t_n/,.*._r*'— "*^fcjte-l^*"^*^— -
A LOVING, DAINTY WIFE
Likes to see her husband arrayed in
immaculate linen. We can cite many
cases of where wives insist on sending
their linen to our laundry, and ladies
are good judges of how laundry work
should be done and know a good thing
when they see it.
No saw edges.
The United States Laundry. Office
1004 Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
EYE-GLASS
CLIP,
Which we attach (for 50 cents). Don't slip-
tilt— or waver— lt is always put in our new
eyeglasses without extra charge.
Pacific Coast Agents for
Bausch & L-ornb-ZcUs Stereo Field Glasses.
Ooerts Trieder Binoculars.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory on
premises. Quick repairing. Phone, Main 10.
OPnc,ANS? PHaT^ =U5 .
642 Market st. instruments
'iwcia Chomicv- ptmM-i-
NOTICE.
Assessment Book of Real and. Per-
sonal Property, 1899.
OFFICE OF THE CLERK OF BOARD OF
Supervisors of the City and County of San
Francisco. City Hall building, second floor, July
4, 1899. ,*■*-.:- •■-:-
Public notice Is hereby given, ln accordance
with section No. 3654 of the Political Code, that
the Assessment Book of the City and County of
Ban Francisco, for the year 1893, has been com-
pleted and delivered to me, as Cler.c of the
Board of Supervisors, together with the map
books and statements, and will be open for ex-
amination in this office from 9 o'clock a. m. to
4 o'clock p. m., and that said Board of Super-
visors met to examine the Assessment Hook
and equalize the assessment of property therein,
on MONDAY AFTERNOON. July 3. 1599. at i
o'clock, and will thereafter continue in session
from time to time until the business of equal-
ization presented to them is disposed of, but not
later than the 17th day of July, 1899.
Applications for correction of assessment of
real estate and personal property are required '
to be verified by oath.
Public notice is also given, that In accordance
with sections 1897. 1399 and 3654 of the Political
Code, the Military Roil has been completed, de-
livered over to me and Is now open for exam-
ination and correction, as provided by law.
JOHN A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
000000000090000000
S'ff PALACE **••»■•
°GRAND" OTELS °
I Jl SAN FRANCISCO.' Q
" Connected by a covered passageway. J?
9 1400 Room?— © 00 wi h Bath Attached. 9
O All Under One Management. O
O NOTE THE PRI0E8: " O
O European P.an.81. 00 per day and upward Q
American Plan. s3. oo per day and upward A
W Correspondence Solicited. .*«•
O JOHN 0. RISK-PATRICK. _ta__g»r. O
000000000 00000
if _| Chlc_eet€*r. Easllah Diamond Brand. '*•-
Pennyroyal pills
ENNYROYAL PILLS
■ ■_ug* > - Original and Only Seualoe. ▲
///IrA •»*"". >.--Tf r— labl«. la di c » tit _m\
r-Jl-lKm Drujilat fer CMchetttr c /*•,.;. " #-«-*Sf_teii
-FmPjJFT-Lt 1 ' ' ' Brand la Hed -nd Geld m«allio V*jJS
*^v _-_!\B*';jt>oxt«. afniod with biun ribbon. Tuko \2r
IN '.jf^n'jno other. Refuse danfrrox.; —i\,titw v
| / ~ fff rion, and trr.itati- m. At Drnfclata, or »cjd4«.
I W . JJr la *A.—?% • for j> irMe-lara, «Mtimo_rtiUa —4
I'D* 0 " Kcllof far T.a<lle»," in l«Ur, br rrtr.rm
.1 17 Mat). 10,000 T-.-.iT'ii.k Km—rfapw.
* */ t" , _l^ 1 iri». , ?r<-Sei-iic_lCo.,_t«<ll»o_*<<;B«_r«|
■Ma by -11 1 « ■_ ________ pi?
-
*'_ ¥**____— ->_.vm "'* ** la » non-p.-rnoncn,
*o'^_»_i_s« l *** l^&'sS remedy for Gonorrhcca.
s_Wsr f OCHEB^fea Gleet. Spermatorrhrea,
-_&W la Ito i .i-'a. Vj3 Whites, unnatural ilia.
MfS_f Qcar-Di-c- U chargea, or any inflamm--
F**_W aot to M-iitßxe. tioo, irritation or nlcerv
|f» «gfr-T«ati coat*{toD. tioo of mucous mem-
KSITHI*EYAIf3 CHE-IP' Co. branes. Non-agtrI D
%daciNC!Nfl*Tl,o _a_| Snla by Or_ KB izl^
TjTgßtL V 3 a _m ~' t * cn ' in P'* in wrapper.
v *«____>»_. " ' i__rva bj expre««, prepaid, fot
'_*B_¥B—___riF_. iI.OO, or 3 bottlM, I-.7&.
._ a aTJft_f llg Ti » Otrotuar scat o. »%_-__
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives '• health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
RAILROAD TBAVBL.
HHI'TIIKK-f IMdtK COMPANY.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Tnl-i Iravr nnd are «lm» to arrive *•
MAN rittX'lM'O.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
Uat> — From Jckk 215, 1839. — ARarv.
7:00 a Benicla, Suisun and Sacramento.... 3.43r
?-OOa MarysTille, Oro-iileaml Redding via
Woodlaud 3:4.1p
1:OH\ Elmira. Vacaville and Rnmsey a: -it
?:!tUA Martine7, Sau Ramon, Valiejo. Napa,
Calistoga and Santa Rosa 6:1.1p
8:00 a Atlautic Express. Ogden and r.ast.. D:--a
S:<loa Sau Jose, Lirermofe, Stockteii,
lone, Sacramento, Pl-oerrille,
Marysville, Chico, Red HliilT a*l!»P
Bi3oa *Milton, Oakdalo and Sonora 4:13p
•iHOa Yosemite Valley via Oakdale and
Chinese -i:l3p
9:00 a Huywar.'.s. Niles ard Way Stations. 1 1:43 a
9:00 a Martinez. Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton,
Mercedand Fresno 12:13y>
9:00 a Fresno, Uakerslield, Santa. Ri<.rl»-.ra,
Los Argeles. Demlng, El P*3o,
New Orleans and East o:l.*Jp
1 0:00 a Valiejo. Martlnea and Way Stations 7: -3»
1 1 :OOa Haywards, Niles and Way Stations. 8:-3***
12:00_[ Niles, Lirermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Visalia,
Pcrterville 4:13?
•l:OOp Sacramento River Steamers "**: OOp
S:OOp Haywards, Nilea and Way Stations. 3:43p
4:OOi> MiirtiiHT. fian Ramon, Valiejo,
. Napa, CalistoK*, Santa Rosa »:19a
4:00-' Benicla, Vacaville, Sacramento, , ;' r r
Woodland, Knights landing,
Marysville, Ornville tO:43a
4 iSOp Niles, San .lose and Stockton ~:13p
4:30p Yosemito Sleeping Car for Raymond 13:13r
•:99pTho Owl. Tracy. Fresno, Bakers- £••'.*>
field, Saugu3 for Santa Barbara,
'. Los Angeles. 9:43 a
B:30f Stockton, Merced, Fre5n0.......;... 12:15p
S:3op Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
Mojave and I, os Angeles 8:43 a
BiSOp Nnnta Fo Route, Atlantlo Express
for MolftTO and East '. . 0:43p
•••Of Chicago-San Francisco Special, Ogdeu .
and East «:43p
•:OOp Haywards, Niles and San Jose 7: -3*
•MWf Valiejo 18:18*
7ioof Oregon Express, Hacramento, Marys-
ville, ReddhiK, Portland, Fuget
Sound aud East .' 7: ISA
JSi9op Valiejo, Fort Costa and Way Sta-
tions,.. , tlQ:39>
COAST DIVISION (Narrow (lange).
(Foot of Market Street.) .
17i43a Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Crnz and Principal Way Stations JBr«»_>
>tl3ANew_rk,Centervlile,SanJoss,Felton,
BoulderCreek.SantaOruzand Way
Stations 3»39»
•2:1 3p Newark, Centerviile, San Jose, New*
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations...* Mo:3«*
4ilßp San Jose. Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions 9:«9_
MtlSp Felton, Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
tions / 9»-9a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrraSlN fßltlClSCO— Foot «' Market Strsat (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00*.. m. {1:00 *2:03 13:00
•i:CO t!:00 •B:COp.M.
friznOlSUKD— Foot erßroadwav. — -6:00 8:00 10:00 a.m.
112:00 '1:00 13:00 *3:CO ti:CO '8:Q0t-J».
COAST DIVISION (Broad Uange).
(Third and Townsend Sta.) ■ _____
•«:lOa Ocean View, South San Francisco.. •0:80»
•7«OOa San Jose and Wny Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) »8:00 a
(7:30 a Snnday Fxcnnion for Sauta Cruz,
Piicifln Grovo and Principal Way
Stations J8:33»
9:00 a .San .loso. Ties Pino*. Santa Cruz, .
Pacilic Grove. Paso tiles, Sail
Luis Obispo, Surf. Lompoc and -
Principal Way Stations 4:10p
10:40 a Joso and Wny Stations 0:33 a
1 I*.3Wa Baa Jose aud Way Stations 1:30 V
■2s ,8r Sau Mateo, Redwood. Menlo Park,
•-*>«.•> •_ Palo Alto. Santa Clara. San .lose, .S -.'
Hollister, Sauta Cruz. Salinas,
Monterey and Faclflo Gr0ve...... *10:36 a
*StBop San Jose. Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove
and Principal Way Stations •7:80p
•4:13p San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 0:43 _
•3:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations "*:33 a
S:3op San Jose and Principal Way Stations "9:<tO*
fl:3or San Joss and Way Stations SiltOp
11 ;4.ti- San Jose and Way Stations t~:3Qp
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
■ 'Sunday excepted. 1 Sunday only. ! t Saturday onljs.
Maturdar and Sunday. - /Sunday and Monday-
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
CommencinK April 23. 1899. ; _ _* '
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL. -
WEEK DAYS— *8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.;
•IMS. 3:20, 4:00. •6:00. t»:30 p. m. '_ "
EXTRA TRIPS— Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on .'ondaya. Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m. _*
SUNDAYS—^OO. -*8:00, «*10:00. 11:00, 11:30
a. m.; 1:00. *1:45. »2:10. *4:00. 5:30. 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Raf'l Sundays.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays,
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 5:25, »6:40, 7:55, 8:40. *:0:-0
a. m. ; 12:30. 2:15, *3:40. 4:35, 6:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 7:00, '8:00. »9:45, *10:45. »11:4_
a. m.; 1:00, 2:20, .«S:3O. •6:15, •6:00.7:00, 10:13
p. m.
Trains market (•> run to San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO RAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 5:43. 6:50. 7:55, 8:55, 10:35
a. m.; 12:35. 2:45. 4:55, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00, 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 10:00. 11:10 a. m.; 12:05,
1:20. 2:40. 3:55. 5:30. 6:30, 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week daya— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
8:20 p. m. Saturdays — and way sta'na.
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations. .
1:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'na.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 28, 1899. tralna will run as folic wat
South-bound. - North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Dally. £_e"pt_ Exc'ptd Dally.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:00 pm
• :10aro 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pmi 4:13 pm I
10: 40 am 5.;.*. pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pm. I
11:38 am 7:45 pm ' Han .ord .' 7:45 am 1:43 pm
. 2:25 pm 12: SO am Bakersfield 2:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 ami 6:20 pm - Visalla * 6:40 ami 1:22 pm
12:15 pm 6:53 pm Tulare 5:50 am 1:05 pm
Stopping- at Intermediate points as required, gj
For particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 2& Market
KAELBOAD TRAVEIi.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN 2T. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
! RAILWAY COMPANY.
{ Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St,
! BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
8:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
• at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— E.-.tra trips at I:s*
[ and 11:30 p. m.
! SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; I*3o, »:*».
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:60. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:43,
8:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1.55 and 6:85 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. 1:40, 3:40, 5:05.
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave i Arrive
- San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco. '
I 1 April 16. L. -_-| ■
Week Sun- 1099. I S-'ji- Week
Days. | days. Destination. J Jays. | Daya ~
i 7:30 am| 8:00 ami Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
i 3:30 pm 9:30 amj Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Kosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
' Fuiton,
> 7:80 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton.
Geyserville,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am | I Hopland and 10:25 am
3:30 pm 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pra
7:30 am | 10:25 am
j 8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
8:30 pmf 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma' 10:40 am 8:40 am
• and • .-.
I 6:10 pm, 5:00 pm' Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
j 7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
; 8:30 pm 5:00 pml I 7:35 pmj 6:20 pn ,
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West -
: Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
I for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skagg.l
' Spring-; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
i land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
! Kelseyvtlle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake-
i port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
, Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno.
' Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's,
Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights,- Huilviile,
i Boonevlile, Phllo. Christine. Soda Springs.
I Navarro, Whitesboro, Albion. Little River,
i Orr'« Hot Springe. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg,
Westport. Usal, Willltts. Laytonvllle, Cum.
mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka. * ..i
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates. '
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
; beyond San Rafael at half rates. . '■:[ .;
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St.. Chronicle bldg.
I H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
1 General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Fe Route
Son Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULLMAN
! PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
1 TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
, FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
; MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. M.
DINING ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR.
j FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL. SERVING MEALS AT
I REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
| rates.. ''"■: ?■*>%*;; "' .V'K' -
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
j DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE
j SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. 628
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE. Main 153 L
, OAKLAND OFFICE. HIS Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE. 201 J street.
, SAN JOSE OFFICE. 7 XV. Santa Clara street.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
1 cave San Francisco., via Sausalito Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23, 1599.
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
ings. Arriving ln S. F. at 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS, 8, 8. 10 and 11 a. m. aad 1:45. 2:30
•:'• and 4 p. m. .
Fare, S. F. to Summit and Return, 31 40.
7 THOS COOK & SON. Agts.. 621 Market st.
THE WEEKLY CALL.
©{'It' Publishes the Cream of th%
"D News of the Week and
2 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
©/ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°V IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
.;©/■ PAPER ON THE
J PACIFIC COAST
~J The Best \^ / Mining
» Telegraphic >^^ New* That
©C Service on /N. -* Accurate
'erf ; The Coast / up to date
3 -■•■.■.—-..,'
©v Not a Line of It Sensation*!
J or Faky , and Not a Line of Z
2 it Dry or Uninteresting '
910
SHROUDED HER
SUDDEN DEATH
IN MYSTERY
Miss Parker Died of
Natural Causes.
— » —
CORONER HELD AN AUTOPSY
— «. —
UNDERSTOOD DOCTOR TO SAY
CARBOLIC POISONING.
♦-
Doctor Levison Says the Morgue
Officials Were Mistaken, for
He Sent No Such
B Message. :
The mystery that surrounded the sud
den death of Miss Florence Parker yes
terday morning has all been cleared away.
Coroner Hill; assisted by his autopsy
surgeon. Dr. Cagiicri. held .a autopsy
last evening and found that death was
the result of itaiural caused Miss Par
kef passed away yesterday morning at S
o'clocK at the home of her mother. Ml:*
Devisadero street] ■,:..• deceased, who was
?:. years old, had just returned from the
market, when she complained of a sud
den weakness and a .-• .-■* pain In the
region ..'" the heart. Dr. Charles Levi
s.n. the family physician, was sum
moned; b-j-_ by the time," I i»e doctor ar
rived M;->s Parker was de'a.i. •„ :
Dr. I ■ n-on notitled th- 'O'jror.erjs ■"'• -
by means of a telephone message. i•> fl
uty Gal . . who received the me -■-•
understd-d th- doctor to say that it was
"a < -.v-- of carbolic acid poisoning. Dr.
Levison says he simply reported the sud
den death and that is all.
At the bereaved home then was much
surprise that the death had been reported
as a suicide. Miss Parker, accord to
her _-.;. was a sufferer from neural
gia of the heart, and her death, though
unlocked for, was not altogether unex
pected
The conflicting theories of the family
of the dead girl and the misunderstood
message made it nccessar. to hold an
autopsy. Dr. Levison Is totally at. a loss
to account for the way his message was
misunderstood. "3 have been Miss Par
ker's physician for more than three
years," said the doctor, "and so thus
morning when she was taken ill I was
naturally sent for. When 1 arrived at
the residence the girl was dead. 1 made
no examination of the body. It was not
a ease for the phvsieian but for the Cor
oner." Dr. Levison said that though Miss
Parker had of recent years passed
through several serious illnesses, she was
a robust, healthy young woman. "I did
not know she had heart trouble.' said
the doctor. "I never examined her for
heart trouble." 7. , .
- A strange coincidence in relation to
Miss Parker's death Is the death of her
father, which occurred just ten years
ago yesterday in a similar manner and
from a similar cause.
MANY FOREIGNERS
ARE MADE CITIZENS
GERMANY AND IRELAND DEAD
THE LIST.
City and County Attorney Lane Made
a Good Year's Record A
nnual Reports Filed.
■
The annual report of County Clerk W.
A Deane. which was filed yesterday with
the Board of Supervisors, furnishes some
rather interesting statistics of naturali
zations. San Francisco's citizenship has
been augmented during the past year to
the extent of 1870 new Americans and
1237 other persons of foreign birth an
nounced their intention of becoming citi
zens as scon as the law allows.
Of the different nationalities Germany
furnished the largest number of voter*
Ireland came next and; England and
Sweden followed, as ma>| be seen by the
following table:
Austria, 73: Hawaiian Islands, 1; Aus
tralia. 11; Hungary, 12; Argentine Re
public, 1; Ireland, 317; Azores Islands,
2; Italy, 43; Belgium, 10; Island St.
Helena. 1; Canada, 54; Isle of Man, 2;
Cape of Good Hope, 2; Isle of Jersey, 1;
Denmark, 77; India. 1; Ecuador, 1;
Mexico. 5; Egypt, 2; Norway, S3; Eng
land, 164; Newfoundland, 1; Finland,
32: New Zealand. 7; France, 49; Nova
Scotia. S; Germany, 484; New Bruns
wick. 3: Peru. 2: Greece, 6; Portugal,
43; Holland, 9; Poland, 4; Prince Ed
ward Island, 6; Russia, *: Roumania,
1; Samoan Islands, 1. Sweden. 138;
Scotland, 55; Switzerland, .'■',; Spain, 3;
San Salvador. 1: Turkey. 9; Tasmania,
1; Uruguay, 1; West Indies. 2. Total,
1870. Declarations of intention to be
come citizens, 1237.
The report of City and County Attorney
Lane shows that he has performed tne
following work: Opinions rendered. 95;
suits begun against the city, 62; suits be
gun by the city. 4; judgments given for
the city, 111: judgments given against tne
city. 4;. decisions by Supreme Court for
the city, 31; against city. 1; cases now on
appeal, IS. Total number of cases in
office June 30, 1899, 249.
■ ♦ ■
Rap-Time Hayes, the Pianist.
At Kapp & Street, tamale Grotto; nightly. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
3EAUTIFUL J^
■" I have washed my child's head every -weelc
since birth, with warm water and CcpTCCRA
Boap, and occasionally rub in a little Ctrri-
ccra (ointment), and she has never been
bothered with a rash or any scalp humor pecu-
liar to Infants, .Now at the jure of three and
one half years her hair is fine, thick, and long,
reaching below her waist when standingerect.
Oct. 3, 1898. Jilts. C.GRAHAM,
1087 No. California Aye., Chicago, lU.
' Luxuriant hair, with clean, wholesome acaip la produced
by warm ahampooa with CfneoßA Soap aqd lt|htdreaa-
InrawithCi TicrßA.purcntoferoollirnU. Thia treatment
will clear acaip and ht.ir of en lata, acaln. and dandruff,
tooth* Irritated and Itchinc anrfaon. atlmulate the hair
follicles, eupgij the roots with energy end nourishment.
Bold throotthm-t the world. Ferry* D. __pC.Cntf..
folefrtja-EoitO-. -ixn'.-t fi^tfip tad ——-."bee.
ANOTHER OF FROHMAN`S
STARS TO BE A BRIDE
MISS GEBDA WISMEK, tote of
Augrustin Daly's company,
now with Daniel Frohman,
win be married to William
Hofmann. the concert master of Wal
ter Damroschs symphony orchestra
in New York, at th* Little Church
Around the Corner on the 17th of this
month. Miss Wlsmer used to be
known in San Francisco as Hother
Wlsmer's little sister, !>ut by throe
years of careful training under A■;
M'KINLEY PAYS
A TRIBUTE TO
THE OREGONIANS
Thanks Brave Volun
teers Officially.
. — » — .
WILL GIVE THEM A MEDAL
. — ♦• —
GOVERNOR GEER AND STAFF
RETURN TO PORTLAND.
Farewell Reception Tendered th.
Webfoot Executive and Party
by Representatives of
California.
Governor Geer and staff have returned
to Oregon, but the brave soldier boys of
the Second Oregon Volunteers will remain
for several weeks longer before being
mustered out of the service of Uncle Sam,
in which they have won so much distinc
tion and honor, before being permitted to
return to the peaceful pursuits from
which they were called to defend the hon
or of their country. During these few
weeks the Wcbfoot fighters will practi
cally be the guests of the city, which is j
proud to do them honor. The formal fea
tures of their entertainment .have been at
tended to, but they have'by no means ex
hausted the hospitality of the citizens of
San Francisco, as they are rapidly be-
I coming aware.
Yesterday was devoted principally to
I getting settled in camp and getting paid
off, but one event in the course of the
day caused the veterans to swell with
conscious pride, and that was a formal
recognition by President McKinley of
their splendid services in the Philippines.
The order was made public in a circular
issued by headquarters Department of
California in the afternoon. It was ex
ceedingly complimentary in tone and con
tains the information that the President
will recommend to Congress that a medal
of honor be presented to all the members
of the Eighth Army Corps, to which they
belonged.
PRESIDENT McKINLEY PRAISES THE OREGONIANS. *
*
, ■ ti.
' . *
Circular No. 16. . f
Headquarters Department of California, San Francisco, July 15, 1890. *
By direction of the Secretary of ; War, the following is published for <j,
the information of the Second Oregon Volunteers and United States *
Signal Corps Volunteers recently returned from the -Philippine Islands ■ *
and now awaiting muster out* at the Presidio of San Francisco. <»
"The President desires to express in the most public manner his ap- T
preciation of the lofty patriotism shown by the volunteers and regulars *
of the Eighth Army Corps in performing willing service through severe *|
campaigns and battles against the insurgents in Luzon, when under the <£
term of their enlistment they would have been entitled to discharge *
upon the ratification of the treaty of peace 'with Spain. This action on *
their part was noble and heroic. It will sound forth as an example of: <s>
the self-sacrifice and public consecration which have ever characterized £
the American soldiers. '■:■;.*
"In recognition thereof I shall recommend to Congress that a special
medal of honor be given to the officers and soldiers of the Eighth Army <j>
Corps who performed this great duty voluntarily and enthusiastically for *
their country. • ..»,-;_,- WILLIAM McKINLEY." *
Official:. By command of Major General' Shatter. "3" %
J. B. BABCOCK, Assistant Adjutant General. <*>
--i--. ; '.:>'-:.r',-^-v; ■:--■' .'.■ *
>♦♦*♦#♦♦♦»$ *♦* +***« *«►*♦*♦*♦ *»»*»»»*♦*-»»•»**» I»M'MI»IH4g
The camp of the Oregonians on the Pre
sidio reservation swarmed with visitors
all day, notwithstanding the brisk wind
and the refusal of the sun to shine bright
ly. All were welcomed, and the soldiers
told and retold of the campaigns in the
far away islands that' brought glory to
the American arms and honor to the nar
rators. The event of the morning was the
advent of two paymasters. Majors Recce
and Downing, who liquidated the claims
of officers and privates for two months'
salary. Each private received $31 20 and
the officers from $223 50 to $750, over $40.
--000 being disbursed before the noon hour.
The major portion of this money will in
all probability be spent In San Francisco,
for the "- soldiers have been away from
home a long time and they enjoy spending
money. *
At noon the forty soldiers who were on
duty as a camp guard Friday night while
their comrades were being feted In the
city were given twenty-four hours' leave,
and. they promptly started for town to
make good use of their. time. .The volun
teers of the regiment, with the exception
of those on guard duty, are practically
their own masters. They must .report at
reveille at C a. in. and at retreat, which
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 16, 1899.
gustin Daly's management she has
made an independent name for her
self. She scored a hit in "A Run
away Girl," and in addition to her
talent for acting Miss Wismer has a
soprano voice of wide range and re
markable purity of tone. She Is also
quite an accomplished violinist, hav
ing studied with her brother, who for
four years was taught by the best
masters of the Old World.
Miss Wismer was born in Elsinore,
is sounded at 6 p. m.. and they must all .
be in camp at 10:30 p. m. unless excused
by their company commanders. In a few
(lavs, however, drilling will bo resumed
in a measure in order that discipline may |
not become too lax.
Colonel Summers received a telegram
from Adjutant General Charles K. Beebe i
of Oregon during the forenoon welcoming ;
the regiment back and complimenting the ;
boys on their enviable record.
Among the visitors at the camp were
Judge B. B. Beekman. wife and daughter, j
and Superintendent of Public Instruction
K. L. M -Kirov of Oregon. Chaplain XV. !
S. Gilbert's wife an.l daughter also ar
rived from Eugene, Or.
The raw wind blowing in from the ocean
chilled the Oregon men and caused them
to express the wish that the camp had
been located in a more sheltered locality,
hut after their baggage had been de- |
livered and they got out their overcoat 5 i
and warmer clothing they were soon
feeling comfortable. The thin khaki uni
forms are all right for the Philippines,
i but they afford inadequate protection !
1 from the cold and fog of San Francisco.
Colonel Joselyn and Major Morton will
have charge of the mustering out of the
Oregon volunteers and the work will
probably consume two or three weeks as
there is a great deal of detail in connec
tion with the rolls, etc.. to look after.
Governor Geer and staff departed for
home on the Oregon express last night.
In the morning they were .given a formal
reception in the parlors of the Occidental
Hotel by Adjutant General Seamans of
California and the following members of
Governor Gage's staff: Colonel V. . D.
Sanborn, Colonel Fred Burgin, Colonel J. i
R Howell. Colonel F. E. Beck, Colonel
J S. Young. Colonel M. M. Ogden, Colonel I
George H. Pippy and. Colonel J. G. Gels- ;
ling; Colon.-'. Jackson, U. S. A. (retired);
Colonel XV. R. Smedberg (retired). Captain
Louis 11. Turner. Commanding the naval
militia, and Lieutenant Commander T. A. j
Nerney, Captain Henry Krebs Jr. (re
tired). •;---vi'.-^7:
General Seamans delivered a brief ad
dress, which was responded to by Gov
ernor Geer, who took occasion to express !
his warm appreciation of the many cour
tesies extended to blm during his stay, in
San Francisco as well as for the grand
reception accorded the Oregon volunteers
by the citizens of this city.
"Colonel Tuttle of Governor fleer's staff
also made a few remarks and toasts were
drunk to the Governors of the two States
and to the volunteers. The closing speech
was made by Judge Advocate General
Spencer of Governor Geer's staff, who
said: ' 777- •• i" \" , :
"On behalf of the Governor and his
staff I desire to say that we have been
wonderfully impressed by our reception
here, but the greeting you have given our '
boys is something we can never forget.
"We thank the people and the members of ;
the Governor's staff for their kindness
and courtesy." ri- > ; :
East night the Oregonians were well
represented at all the theaters and at I
the cakewalk carnival in Mechanics' Pa- I
' vilion. Manager Burns of the panorama
of the Battle of Manila Bay has extended
an invitation to the officers of the regi-
I ment to visit his place some day next J
week and the invitation has been ac
cepted. ■",."■■•. ___________________ 77 ;^
Sick and Destitute.
Mrs. Wilson of 863 Mission street re
ported to the police last night that Mrs.
Hicks was dying from want of nourish
ment at in" 1 -: Howard street. -The woman
is bedridden and has been sick for a long
time. She has been cared for by kindly
disposed people in the neighborhood, but
they can do no more for her. It appears
to bo a case for some charitably disposed
ladies to interest themselves in.
From the Land of Quakerdom.
* Tho "Wynne Grey" note paper, which
has just been - brought out by Messrs.
Cooper & Co., the Art Stationers, is
without exception the cleverest of 'all
the recent innovations in fashionable
papers. It is shown •in the newest
shapes and with some of the modern
designs in monogram stamping. . *
- -— - • -• -•_ '■.:.*? *
Denmark, playing hide-and-seek over
Hamlet's tomb for nine years before
she came to San Francisco with her
family; but she claims the State of
California as her home, and in a most
extraordinary way secured an en
gagement with Augustin Daly.
Three years ago, when Ada Rehan
visited this coast. Miss Wismer,
armed with no introduction save her
own charming personality, presented
herself to Mr. Daly. He engaged her
at once, and since then she has been
given unusual opportunities both in
New York and London, which she has
improved to the utmost. She is a,
tall, slender, graceful woman, with
blue eyes and golden hair.
Miss Wismer has signed a contract
with Frohman for leading parts next
season, and this management objects
to married stars. 77Y77.
Mr. Hofmann was concert master of
the Ellis Opera Company while in San
.Francisco, and met Miss Wismer at a
muslcale in New York last winter.
Mr. and Mrs. Hofmann will spend
their honeymoon at Willow Grove and
will receive the best wishes of hosts
of friends.
I TURNERS' RIFLE FESTIVAL
j
i
I
1
i
j
j The seventeenth biennial festival of
the Pacific District Turner Societies to be
! held in the latter part of this month will
i bring together the largest body of rifle
'• men seen here for some time. Every town
of any size has its German Turners, and
every Turner organization has its rifle
shooting section. This year the main
gathering will be at Glen Park, and for
two daya the ride reports will be equal
Ito a Filipino battle. There are to be
other features, such as prize singing, ath
letics, ball and a banquet, but chief inter
est centers about the shooting for cash
prizes on the rifle range. The Glen Park
management is fitting up a LtW-yard range,
which will have ten targets, with the cor
responding shooting stands and other
necessaries for shooting.
Captain Fred Attinger was selected to
look after the interests of the riflemen
as chairman of the prize shooting commit
judged so .many of the California bench
informed 'marksmen as R. Langer, 1..
Brune. J. Gassman and Charles Sageborn.
Gassman and Brune will be the shooting
masters for the occasion. The commit
tee is already in touch with the shooting
sections of the Turners of Sacramento,
San Jose and Stockton, from which large
delegations are assured. .On the, opening
day of the public prize shoot. Sunday, *
July 30, all or" the local Turners will as
semble and escort the visitors to the I
range.
The matches on that date will be open
to all comers; on the following day only
; members will be allowed to shoot. The
1 members' prizes consist of a first and a
' second class diploma. But one three-shot
■ entry is allowed on the German 23-rlng
i target: possible 75. Within the next day
, or two the committee will prepare the
programme for the public shoot. The
; prizes on this are to be cash only, but the
committee is working to induce the gen
eral body to make a liberal allowance tor
this feature of the festival, which is
usually one of the most profitable on such
occasions. iV-: M. J. WHITE.
I,IQUID AIR STOCK— Open for sub
scription for ten days only, a limited
number of shares in American Liquid Air
Company of New York. Hon. T. XV.
Cruller. Third Assistant Secretary of
State, president. For prospectus, apply
to Joseph B. Toplitz, 330 Pine street, San
Francisco. *
It's a poor farm that can't acquire a
mortgage. "•r^V-r ; '*7;7/-; '77'
Axminster Rugs
. ' ; •<:• :).rr :-
Where there is a worn spot on the carpet or
where there is heavy tread what is more suit-
able than a rug? . \ 7 "•
. On Monday morning we commence a sale of
Axminster rugs, size 27x62 inches, in beautiful,
artistic oriental designs in good combinations
of colors, worth $2.75 for
Ad each
Leather Belts 77
Commencing.Monday morning at eight o'clock
you can purchase £0 cent and 75 cent ladies'
leather belts here for about one half the ordin-
ary prices.
We have one thousand of these belts bought-
direct from a factory. They are this season's
goods. Styles are entirely new; the prevail-
ing colors are black, tan, brown, white, navy
blue, red, green, and fancy colors.
Every one of the belts, regardless of former
prices, will be sold for
ZO C eacn
05 to 131 Kearny St.
PHELAN'S SOUL
IS NOW VEXED
OVER A MIX-UP
Lawrence and Rainey
Against Him.
. ♦ —
A NEW BOSS DEVELOPED
_4
HARMONY PUDDING PREPARED
BY THE ONE HUNDRED.
':':■- •"/* —''. •■
Peace That Will Dwell Only When
the New Combination Gets
' Everything in
'/-'. • - sight:
The mix-up in Democratic local politics
vexes the soul of Jimmie Phelan. Law
rence, Rainey, Greaney and Maxwell are
the busiest bodies in the town. Lawrence,
as a schemer to put Phelan in a bad hole,
is only equaled by Eddy Greaney as a
talker and bettor. The other day at the
"cabinet," in the presence of a dozen by
standers, Greaney proclaimed that the
Rainey ticket in the Thirty-eighth Dis
trict would be elected. Wesley Reed dis
sented, expressing the opinion that the
regular ticket, backed by the Committee
of One Hundred, would win out. Greaney
replied that Lawrence and the Examiner
would support the Rainey ticket, and ot
fered to bet $20 that the ticket would
win. Wesley Reed, who fancied that there
was more wind than wisdom in the Law
rence-Rainey combine, took the bet and
covered the money on the spot.
Democratic politicians who are in posi
tion to know what is going on behind the
scenes openly assert that Lawrence has
gone Into the bossing business and lias
promised positions all along the line. Lso
la is mentioned for Sheriff, but should the
machine slip a cog and throw Esola out
the office of Chief of Police will be given
to him through Rainey influence with the
new Board of Police Commissioners.
Mayor Phelan is expected to accept the
Lawrence programme and submit to the
Rainey dictation. Phelan's distress is not
concealed from the managers of the com
mittee of One Hundred.
It is recognized that Rainey and Buck
lev have recruited a strong following of
independent Democrats, and should a deal
be brought about to unite the independ
ents the control of the municipal conven
tion might be wrested from the One Hun
dred. The chief manipulators in the Com
mittee of One Hundred have prepared a
harmony pudding, which is offered to the
clubs. The plan to promote harmony is
to Allow the Assembly district clubs to
appoint six men from each district — or
10$ from the eighteen Assembly districts.
These are to be admitted to the general
Committee of One Hundred, increasing
the governing body to 208. To prevent
bad men from creeping in, Joseph Mc-
Donald is to inspect the reinforcement of
six from each district before enrollment
In the general committee. Lawrence
heard of this proposition yesterday and at
once suspected that Gavin McNa"b would
be looking over Joseph McDonald's shoul
der when the additional names were under
review. Lawrence, Rainey and Greaney
are for harmony, but they want that kind
of harmony which consists of harmonious
consent for Rainey to name the ticket for
the convention and to name the Commis
sioners to he appointed by the Mayor un
der the new charter. Phelan wants peace
and harmony. He prefers that all the
discontented elements should unite under
the banner of the so-called regular or
ganization of One Hundred, and give him
the nomination without exacting pledges
relating to the appointment of Fire and
Police Commissioners.
The plan to increase the general com
mittee suits Phelan, but it does not please
Rainey. If Lawrence could go over the
list and check off the good and bad along
With McDonald and McNab the plan
might suit the Rainey end of the body
politic, but the placing of the power of
revision In Joseph McDonald's judgment
threatens a smash of the Lawrence slate.
The clubs are picking out men for service
on the general committee. ;.' :
NEW PETITION FILED.
Republican County Central
Commutes Recognized by
Election Commis
sioners.
The Republican County Central Com
mittee yesterday filed its second petition
with the Flection Commissioners for a
place on the. .'ticket. at the coming pri
maries. The new petition was constructed
on the lines laid. down by the commission
at its last meeting, and it was promptly
granted when the board came together
yesterday morning. < Delegates will be
chosen, in the. proportion of one to every
eighty voters, which, will give 3uG dele
gates at the convention.
The ' People's party and the Socialist La
bor party also abided by the decision of
the commission and filed their fresh peti
tions, which also were. granted. Registrar
Steppacher Was instructed to draw upon
the Secretary of State for the ballot paper.
The Central Republican Committee of
ADVERTISEMENTS^ ___^^_ - _.
SPECIAL
SALE
_r^^_ _r— •*_& ■ _ R _
...0F...
HOUSEKEEPING
LINENS.
Commencing Monday, July 17th, and continuing
the balance of this month, we will have, our regular
SEMI-ANNUAL SALE OF FINE HOUSEKEEPING' '
LINENS.
The goods offered will be HAND and POWER '
LOOM TABLE DAMASKS, HEMSTITCHED and
HEMMED HUCKABACK and DAMASK TOWELS, '
HEMSTITCHED and PLAIN DAMASK NAPKINS,
TURKISH TOWELS, DAMASK DINNER SETS, LUNCH
CLOTHS, RUSSIAN, AUSTRIAN and SCOTCH CRASH,
GLASS LINENS and FINE DOYLIES.
All the above Linens are from the best EUROPEAN
MANUFACTURERS, and will be offered by us at prices lower
than similar goods have ever been sold In this city. :
In connection with this sale of Linens, we will
offer large quantities of FINE LACE CURTAINS and
WHITE BLANKETS at less than present manufac-
turers' prices.
%m IiiMIIH
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
the City Republican League met in ex
ecutive 'session at its headquarters at the
Grand Hotel last evening. It was de
cided to organize one league -" ea ch . dis
trict The registration office will be kept
open for registration every night during
the coming week.
—■ ♦ »
Don't buy a piano or any kind of
musical goods until you get prices from
the Zeno Mauvais Music Company,
Market street. ■\:/*
■■♦ * :
IT OPPOSES ST. MARY'S PARK.
, -
Mission Federation of Improvement
Clubs Objects to Buying Property.
The Mission Federation of Improvement
Clubs at a meeting held last night at the
office of Dr. E. N. Torello. 4263 Mission
street, discussed improvements and tax
levy matters with the result that it event
ually placed itself on record as being op
posed to the purchase of St. Mary s Park
or any other private property for park
purposes so long as the city has its own
parks unimproved. . ', *,
A S. Lillie started the resolution
a-rolling by introducing the following:
"Resolved, That as taxpayers we would
suggest to the Merchants' Association
that in their report on the tax levy com
parisons be made of the expenditures, re
ceipts and number of employes of each
municipal department, and the amount of
business transacted, so that we may
know the proportion of increase of our
taxes with the growth of business and
population of our city. We believe the
comparisons should be made for three pe
riods, namely, the fiscal years 1880-00,
1894-95 and the present fiscal year 1899-1900.
Such a report will, in our opinion, show
plainly that the great bulk of the tax
payers' money is being absorbed by the
taxeaters. and that their number has
been increased much faster than neces
sary.- It, will also make plain the fact
that our city government can be run on
the $1 limit and still have plenty of money
for permanent improvements."
; Gus Schnee, chairman of the executive
' committee, introduced a resolution touch
ing the. purchase of private property for.
park purposes as follows:, iv ,-.: -",--..
"Resolved, That the Federation of Mis
sion Improvement Clubs protests against
the purchase of , St. Mary's Park
or other private • property for such pur
poses, and reminds the Supervisors that
the city owns many unimproved parks in
the southern portion of the city which
should be beautified in preference to buy
ing other property." "... ;'_•",'-•' '^\*. :..
A motion was adopted Instructing the
secretary to notify the Supervisors that
it is the wish of the federation that ane
electric lights which were .removed from
the Mission outlying districts.be replaced
as soon as possible, as the sections from
which these lights have been taken • are
now in a condition, of * darkness.
Dr. Torello brought the question of the
pound limits before the federation for
its consideration. He stated that one of
the reasons why property owners in the
outlying districts would, not improve
their homes by the planting of flowers and
shrubs was that no sooner . were such
adornments planted in the gardens than
they would be eaten up by rambling
goats and cows; On his representation of
this evil the federation indorsed ■ the ac
tion of the Committee of Health and Po
lice of the Supervisors, which 'body rec
ommended the extension of the pound
limits to the county line.
.Having disposed of the improvement
question the federation took up the com
ing' political contest- and unanimously
pledged itself and its members to sup
port morally and financially such candi
dates as will favor improvements in the
Mission district. It was suggested by
several of the delegates that the Mission
should have; at least six - out of the
eighteen Supervisors to be elected.
"'• , ' ■_* — * . * *
Ladles' tailor-made* suits, fur: capes, cloaks.
Credit. . M.' Rothschild, —i Post st.
St. Brendan's Parish Fair.
The ladies of St. Brendan's parish are
working ■ earnestly for the success of the
grand bazaar to be held next September.
A number of socials, entertainments and
concerts have been arranged; for the bene
fit of the bazaar. The first of these will
be; an. entertainment under the auspices
of the Sacred Heart booth, in St. Bren
dan's Hall on July 27. The ladies having
charge of it are: Mrs. Hogan. president;
Mrs. Renihan. Mrs. Walsh, Mrs. Ryan,
Mrs. Cavanagh, Miss Corley. Miss Flynn
Miss McSherry, Miss A. Madden. Miss
Sexton. Miss Bassignano. Miss Kavanagh,
Miss M. Miller, the Misses Hoare. Miss
K. Daly. Miss N. Miller. Miss Murphy,
Miss Finn, Miss Brooks. Miss Burns, Mrs.*
Seymour and Miss Burnheim. -;^ ;
I PAINLESS DENTISTRY. §
<*5 * w¥\ Ifv** F»i«l«ii SrtrafUoigJ^
■ -^ Open _-ven!nr> and Sundays. s***
3 "VVAJNT V^oo3_4C £
3j ELECTRO-DENTAL PARLORS, ~ JU
_j£997 MARKET, COR. SIXTH. 3*»
CASH OR LITTLE- AT-A-TIMB.
This Beautiful
Reception Chair.
Our magnificent $2.50 special
I for this week can be had in either
. Oak or Mahogany finish ; io differ-
ent styles; velour coverings and
spring seat. It's just such offerings
as this that has made us so many
friends. v.*7>\- ,i .'-77
THE J. ""NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
/0/7-/023 MISSION STREET,
flbov« Sixth.
1.7, Phone South 14. . Open Ersnlngs.,
NOPAIt-^A.NOPAIN
>s^ISWJJNT^<
UNT^~ j^3o
AUG.I,99\/D«tfSONLY
20 per cent discount on all Plates and
Bridgework to introduce our new
FLESH-COLORED PLATES
THINNER 'AND: STRONGER
* THAN RUBBER.
Crowos $3.50. Plates $5. Filling 50c.
7 •• ".. ALL WORK WARRANTED.
CHICAGO ; DENTAL PARLORS,
7 724 SIXTH ST.. COR. STEVENSON.
_*_"' ■*% BBISO a " d Morphine Habit*
B 19 Hired at home. Writ-
_l B m SGI ill] for fuM particulars
I I fr BBS IVI anJ -*** free.
BJ 1 *-3 IVI INDIAN OPIUM CURE.
** M I W Iff! B. D. KIMMI», 201 Turk
St.. Ban Francisco.♦ ♦♦ ♦ ♦ + + + ♦ + + + + + + + + •♦-♦ ♦♦♦ ♦
Pages 11 to 20 !
r!T +
♦++ + + •** +++ ++ + ++ + ++♦ + + +
SCENE UPON SCENE IN
NAVY DIVORCE SCANDAL
Elizabeth Lung Lands Her Fist on
Detective True's Face.
Threatens to Kill Him for His Alleged Persecution.
Philadelphia's Surgeon Gives Way to His
Emotion.
A savage assault by Mrs. Elizabeth |
Lung upon the person of Ben True, an
ex-railroad detective, in the corridor out
side of Judge Murasky'a courtroom, the
subsequent hysteria of the assailant, the.
retreat of the assaulted, the silent weep-;
ing of Surgeon Lung, a man hardened to
the scenes of battle and a veteran of do
mestic, fury, the discomfiture of the court ;
and the excitement of opposing lawyers
marked an unusual chapter in the divorce
scandal of the navy yesterday morning.
It may be the woman's nature, but
those who know her say that Mrs. Lung's j
reason is on the. verge of toppling through
her sorrows, her life of woe. Yesterday
morning shortly after 10 o'clock Judge
Murasky took the bench to continue the :
hearing of the action for divorce insti
tuted by Dr. Lung against his handsome j
wife. The principals of the action were
not in court, but from the corridor the
Bound of scuffle and the sharp threats of i
a woman's voice startled the lawyers and
Judge. The door swung open, and op- ;
posite, leaning against a door, his hands j
up to shield his face, stood Detective True.
In front of the detective stood Mrs. Lung,
her clenched lists cleaving the air around j
his face, awaiting a chance to land. Final- !
ly there was the sound of a fist's impact j
upon the face of the retreating detective, j
and Mrs. Lung whirled around and start
ed toward the court. Reaching the door
she turned, and facing the detective said:
"I'll kill you; I'll fix you for what you
have done. You have hounded me long
enough; l can stand it no longer." Then"/'
throwing her arms above her head, Mrs.
Lung, her eyes blazing with indignation :
and suppressed emotion, in fact a dramat- !
ie picture! hurried down the aisle of the i
courtroom toward the bench, and shout
ed, addressing no one in -particular: "He
has bounded me, hounded me. hounded
me. He is wearing out my life. I can
stand it no longer."
Then the spasmodic crying and laugh- i
ITS LABORS ENDED.
After a Final Quarrel the Fourth of
July Committee Adjourns
Sine Die.
The executive board of the Fourth of !
July committee met last night In . the I
Grand Hotel and after a short but stormy j
session adjourned sine die. There was ;
•barely a quorum in the room when Presi- !
dent Fletcher dropped his gavel and the
rapping for order had hardly died away
when the wrangling commenced.
None of the old sores were opened, but
the committeemen quarreled at every
•proposition broached. The report of the
auditing committee was first taken up
and the bickerings began before the first
item had been read. A bright member of
the committee could not understand why
bills which had been ordered paid at the
.last nee ting should not be discussed all
over again and the harder Chairman
Fletcher tried to explain matters the more
obstinate he grew until finally a sharp
call-down quieted him.
The. report of the auditing committee
showed that a balance of $15 still remains
to the credit of the committee. The re
gatta committee owes bills aggregating
$20 and it was moved that the surplus be ;
turned over to this committee to aid it in I
settling Its accounts. This was the signal
for another wrangle and the motion was
finally voted down.
By this time the committeemen had be
come cooler! off. They realized that it
was their last meeting together as a com- !
mittee and petty differences were burled
under a mountain of complimentary reso
lutions. Members who had persuaded i
creditors to reduce their bills were ,
thanked, the creditors who had cut off
ing of the unfortunate woman marked the
complete collapse of her nervous system, i
She was about to faint when Attorney
George D. Collins, her counsel, assisted
her to a chair. Resoratives were pro
cured but as several minutes passed and
she showed no signs of improvement
Judge Murasky was forced to adjourn .
court. About an hour and a half later
she had so recovered that the trial could
proceed and Judge Murasky again took '
the bench.
During the excitement True, the victim
of Mrs. Dung's assault, had fled the build
ing. Whether he returned later or not Is
not known, but in any event he was not [
much in evidence.
Dr. Dung again took the stand to finish :
his story and it was then that the sad
facts leading up to the action for divorce
became known. Dr. Lung told his various
stories of the many times his wife had
compromised him through her intemper- ;
ance, naming dates and places. In refer- '•
ring to an Incident among the many which i
occurred at Port Royal on the Atlantic 1
Coast, in which he said his wife had been j ;
particularly offensive in her actions, he ;
broke down. The tears rolled down his [ <
cheeks and he asked the court for a few : ;
moments in which to compose himself.
The court simply bowed and for some I ;
minutes Dr. Lung gave way to his emo- ! '.
tions. At this demonstration of emotion ! ;
Mrs. Lung, too, broke down and during ' '.
the rest of the afternoon she sat silently ; ;
weeping. At times husband and wife '
would look at each other reproachfully, ;
but there was no sign of enmity \on their ;
faces and from this the officers of the j ',
court, whose sympathies are with both ] '
the unhappy litigants, hope to see a re- : '
conciliation, but the pride of a naval offi- ' '<
cer must be considered— and he is not less ',
proud than his wife— so even though the «
court should refuse to grant a decree as ! ;
prayed it seems that a life apart will .
ever be their lot.
their profits were thanked and a vote of
thanks was extended to the chairman, the
secretary, the treasurer, the auditing
committee and every one else whose name
could conveniently be rung in. A motion
to adjourn then prevailed and the com
mittee which, as Colonel T. J. Robinson
expressed it. "has given San Francisco a
celebration second to none ever held in
the city" passed Into history.
"Cars stop here." this Is the sign
The Market-st. Hallway wish to define.
Pegamoid Aluminum does it for them;
Opposite "'"all Bldg." 'tis a genu
A Body Makes TrouDle.
Dr. C. E. Farnum. who holds the posi
tion of demonstrator of anatomy at the
Cooper Medical College, has aroused some
of his neighbors' Ire by taking a
body from the college to his home at 2536
Market street. One neighbor who did not
fancy having "ghosts" about his place
made a complaint to Captain James W.
Gillin of the Seventeenth-street station.
Captain Gillin investigated the complaint
and found it to be correct so far as Dr.
Farnum having the body was concerned.
It was explained by the physician that
the object was for scientific purposes and
as the body had been embalmed no evil
effects would be likely to arise from its
presence in his room. The matter was
reported to the Health Department, and
Dr. I,awlor ordered the body removed
to the Morgue and said that a warrant
would be issued for the arrest of Dr.
Farnum for a violation of the law.
■ ♦ ■ 7.7." * 7-.'7
The best place in the city to get real
ly good pianos at low prices is Mau
vais', 769 Market street. *
MRS. LUNG RESENTS ESPIONAGE. .
J*r
BIG CAKEWALK CARNIVAL
IN MECHANICS' PAVILION
£-_.. >HE great International Cake
walk Carnival is a splendid re
ality. It burst upon the aston
<L> ished gaze of over five thousand
people in Mechanics' Pavilion
last night, amazed the assembled
multitude with the magnificence of the
grand pageant which marked its being
and delighted the throngs of specta
tors throughout the evening by the
wonderful variety and brilliancy of the
innumerable special features it con
tained, and created at once an enthusi
astic appreciation which promises well
for the attendance at the novel and
entrancing spectacle during the com
SAX FRA-ST CISCO, SUNDAY, JULY 16, 1899.
SOME OF THE FEATURES OF THE SHOW.
ing week. The elite of San Francisco
society was there. They came hopeful
of seeing a show worth the trouble
they were put to and yet doubting the
fulfillment of all that had been prom
ised them. They departed satisfied that
the promises of the management had
been more than redeemed and wonder
ing how so much talent could be gath
ered together in; such a comparatively
brie, time. '.',.,.•;•-
It is no exaggeration to say that the
carnival j is the greatest thing of the
kind ever presented for the delecta
tion of the people of San Francisco.
Its success was assured from the mo
ment the procession of stars made its
appearance on the floor, and every
Succeeding moment but increased the
favorable impression then produced.
The pageant of the three hundred
handsomely costumed cakewalkers/ to
gether with the accompanying floats
and the various other features which
added to the beauty of the spectacle,
was wonderfully attractive. The pro
cession was led by Miss Pearl Hick
man as chief drum major, and, right
here let it be said that Miss Hickman
is a star of the * first magnitude.
Petite in form but perfectly propor
tioned and the personification of grace,
and..- costumed in dazzling attire, she
caught the eye of the audience at once
and was applauded to the echo.. She is
a past master of the art of cakewalk
ing, and as she marched at the- head
of the brilliant throng of professionals
and amateurs she seemed to realize
that she had a reputation to uphold.
That she fulfilled her duty the ap
plause of the great audience is suffi
cient proof.
Immediately behind her came the
retinue of the king and queen of the
carnival, followed by their majesties
seated in a gorgeous chariot. The
royal purple was worn with becoming
dignity by J. R. Allen and Miss Annie
Kennedy. After them came the juven
ile cakewalkers led by a midget drum
major in the person of Miss Marie
Nichols. Then came little Addle Weg
ener driving six cocker spaniels and
followed by a float representing the
birth of the Cakewalk. This was a
cabin in front of which the family of
an ante-bellum plantation darky was
enjoying Itself with exhibitions of
fancy walking by its numerous mem
bers.
Next came the hordes of cakewalkers
in a great variety of costumes, ranging
from the magnificent to the grotesque,
and another float representing the
Cakewalk up to date.
The procession was divided into nu
merous divisions, each accompanied by
harlequins. Bedouins. . Rough Riders
and innumerable strangely attired
promenadofs. After making a circuit
of the hall the chariot containing the
royal pair halted before a bespangled
throne and the king and queen alight
ed. They took their seats on the dais
and the procession moved on in review.
The marching and countermarching of
the half a thousand cakewalkers, each
Lillie Barrett and Mary Daly Extin
guish a Drygoods Store Blaze.
Two girls. Lillie Barrett and ■ Mary
Daly, prevented what might have been
a serious conflagration in the drygoods
house of J. J. O'Brien & Co. yesterday
morning. _For several minutes they bat
tled with"a blaze which 'was "started in
the sewing and repairing room by the
careless handling of . benzine.
A cash boy who was sent to polish the
zinc.over a heating stove used rags sat
urated with benzine for the purpose. Soon
after he commenced his task there was
a burst of ■ flame and- the boy threw the
rags on the door directly under some
clothing suspended from hooks on the
wall. 'The clothing took fire and the two
young ladies, realizing the danger, seized'
buckets of -.water which they threw : on
the flames. They afterward suffocated
the blaze with other clothing. The sight
of smoke pulling out of the room caused
consternation for a few moments among
the employes, hut the excitement was
soon quelled. Little damage was done.
■ ♦ ■ . — ...-.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Xoonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
LINCOLN MONUMENT LEAGUE
Ladies of G. A. R. Auxiliary* Societies
Will Aid in the Movement.
Ij: A meetlne of the executive board of the
TWO BRAVE GIRLS.
couple giving continuous exhibitions of
their respective talents, was an attrac
tive sight. Not the least pleasing of
this portion of the evening's entertain
ment was the group of Chinese who
brought up the rear of the fancy step
pers. This is probably the initial ap
pearance of Chinese as participants in
a cakewalk. and their efforts to Imitate
their white associates were humorous
in the extreme. All classes of cake
walkers ' were represented In the pa
geant. Professional cakewalkers, so
ciety cakewalkers. juvenile cakewalk
ers. grotesque cakewalkers, colored
cakewalkers, "specialty" cakewalkers
and ordinary amateurs all were there
and all were doing their best to attract
attention to themselves with gratify
ing success.
But all good things come to an end
and .the pageant gradually melted
away as the various divisions made
their farewell bows to the enthroned
couple and withdrew from the floor.
In this instance however, it was sim
ply withdrawing one good thing to
make room for another. Manager
Buckley announced the terms of the
various contests, and after a brief in
terval sixteen couples of professionals
made their appearance to compete for
the honors of their class. They were
escorted to the center of the floor by
Chief Drum 'Major Miss Hickman,
whose appearance was the signal for
another burst of applause, and the real
business of the carnival was at last
under full sway. For the next two
hours the audience was treated to
cakewalking in all its varieties, many
of them being revelations to the aver
age spectator. The professionals were
followed by those entered in the vari
ous other classes, all gayly costumed
and anxious to outdo each other. The
judges will render their decisions at
the close of, the carnival.
At 11 o'clock the floor was cleared
and an hour devoted to dancing, which
is to mark the close of the entertain
ment each night. It was announced
last night that a liberal proportion of
the gross receipts of the carnival was
to be donated to the fund for the re
ception of the California volunteers on
their return from the Philippines, and
to insure the proper expenditure of this
sum the following committee of well
known citizens has been appointed at
the instance of Managers Leon hard
and Buckley to take charge of the
money: Charles D. Pat ton, chairman;
J. A. Filcher, secretary and treasurer;
Colonel Ernest Denicke, Tirey L. Ford,
General Warfield and General Barrett.
The following committee lias also
been- appointed to take charge of the
benefit of the lit"* celebration fund of
California Parlor No. 1, X. S. G. XV.:
J. P. Docker;. XV. W. Shannon, Ben
Davis, J. L. Herget, W. D. Hobro Jr.,
F. P. Sherman, W. D. Shea, Henry
Lunstedt.J. J. Jamison. Dan P. Car
ter. R. H. Morse and T. E. Bailey.
The carnival will be on again Mon
day night and all the week. Including
four matinees. Its popularity is hardly
likely to wane as time passes.
Lincoln Monument League was held in
the office of Judge Cooney in the Phelan
building last evening. Comrade Charles
Edelman presiding. The several commit
tees appointed to wait upon the Grand
Army of the Republic Relief Corps and
kindred organizations to request them to
appoint committees to act in conjunction
with the league for the furtherance of
the movement reported having met with
favorable receptions everywhere, It was
decided to (all a joint meeting of the
various committees appointed or to be ap
pointed by the ladies' organizations re
ferred to on August IS. for the purpose
of organizing active work in the Interest
of the league. Tie- board then adjourned
to meet on July 28.
Target Range for Turners.
A big pavilion on the play grounds
and a new target range are two of the
recent additions to Glen Park. The
buildings, have been constructed in
preparation for the reunion of the Pa
cific Coast Turner societies which will
be held at Glen Park on the 30th and
31st of the present month. The prin
cipal attractions on to-day's pro
gramme will be a comedy sketch en- ]
titled "Charley, the 1 Servant," by Bragg
and Ashton, the well-known come
dians: Louise Lester, the celebrated
contra.-to; Lee and Downey, the aero-,
batic tumblers; Ada Cosgrove, . the
child mimic; Henry Fay In comedy, and
burlesque, and other strong features.
♦ *+♦♦♦♦ + + + + + + + + ♦♦++♦ + + ♦+■
Pages 11 to 20 1
+++++++++++++ + + + ++■ + + +■ +■ +
GAS MEN WRANGLE
OVER ASSESSMENTS
Fighting for Relief Against Tax=
ation of Franchises.
Assessor Dodge, J. B. Crockett and Attorney Pillsbury
Bandy Facts and Figures at the Meeting of
the Board of Equalization.
<j7 B. CROCKETT, head and front of
the gas combine; C. O. G. Miller
the gas combine; C. O. G. Miller
V^^J) 0 and Attorneys E. S. Pillsbury and
Thomas B. Bishop and a half
dozen other representatives of more dol
lars than I could be stuffed into the gas
company's great, safe, went before the
Board of Equalization yesterday morning
to protest against the values that Asses
sor Dodge has placed upon their mo
nopoly.
The combined gas companies were there
to ask in. few words for a reduction of a
cool three millions and a half in their as
sessments and they had the best legal
talent In the city with them to make any
argument that might be needed. The
financial woes of the Pacific Gas Improve
ment Company were heard first and they
were ably set forth by Mr. Miller. Mr.
Miller stated that the franchise under
which his company is permitted to do
business was this year assessed at $2,445,
--450, a figure which he considered pre
posterous and for which he could find no
excuse." He requested a reduction of an
even million.
"The Pacific Gas Improvement Com
pany has no exclusive franchise." de
clared Mr. Miller. "1 do not see why As
sessor Dodge sees fit to tax it at all.
There are franchises now in operation in
this city which he has not touched at all
—that of the Equitable Gas Company, for
instance. Why should not its franchise
be taxed as well as ours?" 7 7 -7 - v
"That's just the beauty of this system
of franchise taxation," said Assessor
Dodge. "On the -Ith of March the. Equit
able Company had only sixty meters set
and was not making money. Consequently
it was not taxed."
Mr. Pillsbury took up tne argument at
this point and it progressed with interest
for some minutes. ' "Why do you tax us
at all?" he demanded. "Our franchise is
not exclusive. Any one may get a fran
chise and lay gas pipe and charge the
same prices we do."
Mr. Dodge here referred to the taxation
of franchises in the State of New York.
"Yes," replied Mr. Pillsbury, "fran
chises are taxable in the State of New
York, and properly so, for the laws of
New York make franchises perpetual and
exclusive, and they, of a consequence,
have a certain tangible value, but the
laws of California are vastly . different.
Here any one may get a franchise. It is
not even necessary to incorporate. Any
one may dig up streets and lay pipe and
make gas and sell it for the same price
that we do. Nor are franchises perpetual
under the laws of this State. They ale
limited to a term of years and are not
exclusive and have no tangible, fixed
value upon which to base an assessment
for taxation. Another thing about the Cal
ifornia franchise: We could sell ours to
day to a company and you as Assessor
could not assess or tax it."
Mr. Miller relieved Mr. Pillsbury for a
few moments with the. statement that by
the reduction of the gas rate to $150 in
terest on the money invested had dropped
from 6 to 5 per cent, and that if the as
sessment were nearly doubled this year
even that figure might be reduced. Mr.
Miller attempted to show that Dodge had
discriminated against his company, and
by way of comparison referred to the
newspapers, which he said were under
assessed. He also declared that Mayor
Phelan had escaped taxation altogether.
Dodge replied that the assessment of
each of the newspapers had been raised
over last year's figures and that Mr. Phe
lan was assessed on all his taxable hold
ings. • :.:,".;:>' ■^'■r.'M
Mr. Miller then gave way to President
Crockett, who opened the case for the
other branch of the combination. Mr.
Crockett was accompanied by his attor
ney. Thomas B. Bishop, and was pre
pared to show why the assessment of
$6,170,612 should he cut down to $4,652.000,
including $2,000,000 which he was willing
to allow for his franchise. • Mr. Crocket!
met with but one difficulty in his exposi
tion. p It was in making his present alle
gations of falling interest and deprecia
tion of values jibe with the claims he set
up when a few months ago the gas rates
were being established. He objected
strongly to the valuation put upon the
land covered by the company's immense
plant and the numerous stations. North
Beach block No. 257. assessed by Dodge
at $105,000, he wanted reduced to $40,000.
and he made the same demand for several
other blocks in the same district. The
company's gas mains and pipe lines,
which were declared to be worth $3,000,000
when the gas rate was being fixed, were
assessed at half that amount, but he de
sired a reduction to $250,000. Gas meters
valued by the Assessor at $115,000 he want
ed cut to $57,500. Dynamos and electrical
apparatus listed at $130,000 he said were
worth only $45,000, and he brought J. E.
Green, his engineer, to prove it. Under
ground construction and conduits billed
at $360,000 he declared were worthy of an
assessment of only $160,000.
The rest of Mr. Crockett's Ideas of value
had warped to about the same degree,
since March last and it was an 'evident
relief When he finished and asked only
DIRECTORY
Of RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURERS, MERCHANTS
AND JOBBERS, v v H
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
BELTING.
LB TIFftEM Manufacturer of Belting nnd '
r. IiEUDH, La CO Leather. 105-107 Mis- .
sion St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562. j
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
•W. J. BRADT. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship .
Work. •
Office and Works— MISSION ST.
Telephone Main 6045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY. \
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY, ,
342 lo 350 Gear? Street. Above Powell.
Periodicals. Book* and Stationer-.
COAL, COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO..
-*-■ WOO BATTERY STREET.
' Telephone Main ISM.
COPPERSMITH.
JOPEPH FOX. Supt. H. HLTTH. Mirr.
C. . W. Smith, Ship. Plumbing. Steamboat j
and Ship Work a Specialty. 16 and 18
Washington , St. Telephone. Main 5641.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS BOYES & CO., BS!WBBrtC I
565.442 off his company's franchise assess
ment. .v...-.
There were several other things he
•wanted to know, but a motion by Super
visor Byington that the Assessor's fig
ures be allowed to. stand stopped the
questions. Byington was seconded by
Perrault. but Aigeltinger moved to amend
by holding the whole matter over until
to-morrow morning. He was at once
seconded by Collins, and Supervisor Hey
er, who was In the chair, was about to
put the amendment when Perrault inter
rupted with a substitute which provided
that each Of the items in the company's
protests be cut down $100. Lackmann
seconded and Heyer put the substitute.
It was defeated by a vote of six to five —
Byington. Deasy. Heyer, I>ackmann and
Perrault voting aye; Aigcltine.er, At
tridge, Collins, Holland, Kalben and
Phelps voting no. Supervisor Black was
absent. '> * v ,--aVv
"Well, you fellows have refused to re
duce and" the Assessor's figures stand."
declared Perrault. "The whole thing is
settled." And then a roar went up. Col
lins jumped to his feet to vehemently
deny that such was the case, and the re
maining six of the seven backed his po
sition. Chairman Heyer was called on
for a ruling and he decided that the de
feat of Perrault's substitute to the
amendment finally settled the whole
proposition.
"Don't be a fool." yelled Collins, and
then Bvington moved to take a recess
until 2:15 o'clock. This was defeated by
the same vote of 6 to 5. Aigeltinger or
dered Clerk Russell to call the roll upon
the amendment, but this Russell declined
to do unless so ordered by the chair, .and
the chair refused. Collins then put the.
amendment to a vote himself and it was
carried by the same vote. Heyer declared
the vote out of order and Aigeltinger
moved that the chair be declared vacant
and Phelps be made chairman; but even
the combine would not consent to that,
and so the episode ended. The whole
matter will be called up again on Monday.
In the afternoon Attorney Riordan ap
peared on behalf of a score of Chinese
merchants who were attempting to unload
a good portion of their assessments. As
sessor Dodge soon found himself in the
middle of another heated argument. He.
was obliged to detail the system his men
pursued in appraising Chinese holdings
and the . difficulties that were thrown in
their way. Riordan announced that he,
did not expect to get the reductions he
asked for. but said that ho was preparing
; a suit against Assessor Dodge and the city
i and would fight his case in that way. Mr.
; Riordan also appeared on behalf of S. B.
I Peterson, Charles Nelson and XV. _.
i Megill. who are owners of deep-sea ships
i which have been assessed by Mr. Dodge.
; The ships, he said, ply between the Puget
! Sound country and Australia and do no
j business in the waters of the State, nei-
I ther are they registered here. He claimed
I that they were only assessable at the
i place of their registration, and the board
i was inclined to uphold this view.
With other matters this was faken un
der advisement until to-morrow, when the
board will meet at 10 o'clock.
REDUCTIONS ALLOWED.
Board of Equalization Near
the End of Its Session.
The Board of Equalization yesterday
granted the following reductions in assess
ments: Rebecca S. Morris, $7400 to $6500;
Louis Newman, $2750 to $2000: Rosanna,
MeCourt.s]soo to $1000; Louis G. des Roches.
$700 to $600: Thomas Wright. $750 to $600;
George G. Katz: $34,450 to $38,250; same. $500
to nothing; Marie Katz, $4000 to $2500;
Crocker Estate Company. $23,300 to $5000;
W. XV. Young. $75,000 to $60,000; J. H.
I Scannon, $1400 to $1000; California College
of Pharmacy, $1200 to $500; C. Whelton,
I $2750 to $2000; Julia Gascon, $6000 to $4000;
Mrs. H. A. Mau. $11,000 to $9500; S. O.
Born. $1500 to $1250; Joseph Belden. $11,000
to $10,000: Elizabeth McVerra, $700 to noth
: ing: Adolph Mack. $15,000 to $12,000; John
Cassidy, $3250 to $2000; Annie Scheus, $4100
to $3550; John Dolan. $150) to $1300; C. H.
and D. G. Kohn. $5000 to $4500: William
Peters. $4600 to $4200: XV. H. Halls, $1750
to $1500; Catherine Frutigu. $1500 to $1250;
Tobias Salomon. $1300 to $1000; Mary P.
Hagerthy, $1000 to $750: F. J. Vetter, $35,0)0
to $30,000; M. Landers. $27,500 to $25,000;
Herman J. Sadler. $5000 to $4500: Marie 1..
Fisher. $4500 to $4000; M. Lichtenstein,
$1200 to $1000.
The following were denied reductions:
Thomas Enright, Louis G. des Roches,
"Union Lumber Company. Mary B.
Brittan. L. S. Harris. Rosana McCourt.
; estate of James G. Fair. George G. Katz.
j Rebecca S. Morris. Sarah D. Abramsky.
Pacific Fruit Packing Company. William
! Peters, Cornelius J. Carroll. Isaac Hoff-
I mann. M. Messiner. Ernestine Krellng,
! Fanny Jacobs. . Maria Sylvester. 1,. M.
i Walsh. Columbus .Savings Bank. Joseph
Platz. Fred and Mary. Kraus. Josephine)
I Waller, W. Wertsch. Maria Mitchell.
I August Ballet. E. W. Hartman. J. 11.
I Scammon. Crocker Estate Company. Man
! Lee Company, Edward .Ratigan. Kwong
Yick Company,. Wing Tuck Company,
Chew Yung Lung Company. Sing. Fat
Company, <'hew Hing Lung Company, 'it
Hang Lung Company, chew* Chong Com
pany. Shun Yuen Hung, Quong Tuck
Company,* Cbee Chong Company, Sue Woo
Company. Tin Wo Company, -Shun On
Company. Quong Lee Company.
HARDWARE. V£_V^'
PALACE Hardware' Co.. Importer* and Deal-
ers In hardware. 603 Market: tel. Main 751.
IRON FOUNDERS. ; '" *r
Western Foundry Morton & lev. Vr**-*-*.
234 Fremont St. ..Castings ot Every De.
scrip tion Made to Order.; Tel. Black 1505.
. .7 PAPER DEALERS.
WILLAMti I L 722 Montgomery Street.
\ •  PRINTING.
EC if lit _)) 511 Sansome 'street.
THE ffICKS-JUDD CO.. JSSST- ASTm.
STATIONFR AN3 PRINTER.
Tel e £ hIcp ARTRiDGE 30« Call-
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.
Forwardlr.ic Agents and public Weigher*. Gen-
eral Storage. Free and Grain Warehouse*. Gen-
eral office. 210 California st. Tel. Main I*l4. ■'
." WHITE ASH STEAM COAL,
\ Mined by the
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MINING CO. at tta
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES.
Ie the Bex. Coal In the Market. .*. ,
v -"'--•■ (Hue* and Yard*—-** Mala **>u*t«fc ,12
SOCIETY
• -
BURLING AM E and San Rafael are
sheltering more than their share
of society. Not a little of their
prestige is due to their fine golf
links and excellent roads for
driving and riding. ' Lord and
Lady Athlete are the only leaders of so
ciety. They not -only "always ride
straight and take all the fences," but on
the golf links they win out with a clean
carry. ,
At San Rafael the driving contest for la
dles on Saturday attracted the largest at
tendance of the season. The clubhouse
was crowded with guests, and the hoot
mons and lassies were out in full force.
Society may not ken heather from thistle,
but under the coaching of Mr. Tetley they
are at home on the golf links. •
Miss Eleanor Morrow won first event
with a clean carry of 270 feet, Mrs. R. Gil
man Brown coming second with 266 feet.
Miss Morrow, whose play is rapidly im
proving under the coaching of T. W. Tet
ley, had a record of 135 yards, and in last
Saturday's contest she heat the winning
drive, but unfortunately the ball dropped
-•;.., outside the side lines and could not.
be counted. Others entered in this event
were Mrs. Fred H. Green, Mrs. * rank S.
Johnson, Mrs. J. J. 'Crooks, Mrs. Burke
and Miss Smedberg.
In the foursomes ten couples went out.
making the following scores: Mrs. R. Gil
man Brown and N. G. Curtis, ,4; Mrs. N.
G Curtis and R. Oilman Brown, BO; Mrs.
Frank S. Johnson and Harrison Dibblee,
J,--' Mrs Fred H. Green and Carter Pom
or'ov, 84; Miss Therese Morgan and Ed
ward M. Greenway, S3; Miss Eleanor Mor
row and R. Emerson Warfield, 86; Miss
Burke and Dr. Denis Arnold, 89; Mrs. XV.
C Bush and Walter L. Dean, 91; Mrs. J.
J. Crooks and J. J. Crooks, 93, and Miss
Cora Smedberg and Frank S. Johnson, 100
Among those who have entertained
friends at luncheon at the clubhouse dur
ing the past week are Mrs. W. B. Bourn
of Ross alley, Mrs. E. L. Griffith of Ross
Valley Mrs. J. J. Crooks. Mrs. Grant Bel
fridge Mrs. Runyon, --its. Morgan, M.s.
Frea H. Green, Mrs. R. H. Warfield and
Miss Edith Mcßean.
The races at the Hobart Farm track
were very successful trom every point
of view. ' Not only "Blingum" ana the
places that are tied to us aristocratic
.apronstrings sent large contingents, hut
from Monterey and Castle crag came
guests.
There were seven events in all and the
prizes were well worth winning. The
first was a quarter-mile dash for quali
fied polo pomes thai have never won a
race, and the prize was the Hobart cup
for the winning rider. The second race
was a match race between Mr. Carolan s
thoroughbred horse Yucatan and Mr, Ho
bart's pony Comanche. '1 he distance was
• a quarter of a mile. The third race,
which was the feature of the nay. was
for the J. J. Moore silver loving cup.
value $250. It was for qualified hunters
that have hunted at bast twice tins year
with the San Mateo hounds; stance
two and a half nines, over ten jumps. The
second prize In this race was a cup of
fered by the San Mateo Hunt Club, which
went to the jockey on the second horse.
The fourth race was for the Eyre cup;
distance one-half mile for qualified poio
ponies that have never won a race. lh«
fifth race was a pony hurdle, distance
one mile and a quarter, for the Carolan
cup. The sixth race was a mile on the
fiat for a cut) offered by Mr. Hume. The
seventh race' was a match race between
Mr Hobart's Guzeba and Mr. Carolan a
Pinto for $50 a side, each to ride the
other's horse: money to inning jockey.
Thomas Hinckley Bobbins of Boston,
who is to marry Miss Alice Ames, arrived
in town on Tuesday, accompanied by R.
P Bellows S. H. Lerby and H. Walcott
Jr. who are to be his groomsmen. They
are at present at the Palace Hotel. The
wedding of Miss Ames and Mr. Bobbin
will take place at Grace Church on
Wednesday noon. July 19.
The announcement of the engagement of
Miss Louisa Holcomb of Oakland to Lieu
tenant John O'Shea, United States army.
has brought a flood of -congratulations
• from the man] friends of the young
people. ■--.'-' ' » _ ,
The wedding of Miss O. R. Spohr and
V. R. Chestnut will take place next Tues
day in Berkeley.
There was a pretty wedding at St
Mary's Cathedral last Saturday evening,
when the Rev. Father McSweeney united
in marriage Miss Mabel Valleau and Syd
ney N. Starr. The bride was at
tended by Miss Georgie Davis. as maid
of honor, and the Misses Anita Galloway.
May Costigan, Genevieve Galloway and
May Magner as bridesmaids. Following
remony there was a banquet at the
California Hotel for the bridal party and
relatives only. The honeymoon Is being
spent in Southern California.
The wedding of Miss Marie Maecubbin
Kent to Lieutenant James Malcom Gra
ham, Nineteenth Infantry. United States
army, took place at St. Paul's Church, In
Oakland, on Tuesday evening, July 11, at
8:30 o'clock. The ceremony was performed
by the Right Rev. William Ford Nichols,
Bishop of California. The maid of honor
was Miss Ethel Lansdale Kent, and the
bridesmaids were Miss Augusta and Miss
Kathleen Kent, sisters of the bride.
William Montrose Graham, the groom's
brother, acted a- best man, and the ushers
were four of Lieutenant Graham's broth
ers-in-arms—Lieutenants Ball, Hlrsch,
McConnelly and Noyes. a reception fol
lowed at the home of the bride's parents,
1115 Jackson street. The bride is the
daughter of D. M. Kent, who is Identified
with the mining, Interests of this coast,
and is related to the late Lieutenant
Lansdale, who was slain in Samoa. The
groom Is the second son of Brigadier Gen
eral William Montrose Graham, United
States army (retired), who was for several
years commandant at the Presidio. .Lieu
tenant Graham lias already seen service
In Porto Rico, and is under orders to sail
for Manila on the 24th Inst.
On the same day, but at noon. Miss Har
riet Pierce Graham, third daughter of
General Graham, was married to Lieuten
ant Archibald Henderson Scales, 1". S. N.,
at Christ Church, Bay Ridge. N. Y. The
ceremony was performed by the Rev.
Bishop Falker. Miss Meta Graham, sister
of the -bride, acted as maid of honor, and
the ushers were naval officers. A recep
tion followed at the home of the bride's
parents, at Ninety-seventh street and Ma
rine avenue. Fort Hamilton, N. Y.
. Mrs. Charlotte Clarke Moulder was mar
ried' to Leslie Allen Wright last Wednes
day evening. The ceremony was per
formed in the presence of only Immediate
relatives of the contracting parties by the
Rev. Horatio Stebblns at the First Unita
rian Church. The bride Is the daughter
of Mrs. Jeremiah Clarke and is a sister
of the wife of Lieutenant C. G. Lyman,
U. S. A. (retired). She was married to A.
p.. Moulder some years ago, but later
secured a divorce from him. The groom
is the local agent of a London Insur
ance company. '■« V■ j . : .:
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Herington, nee
Sutter, held a delightful reception at their
home on Montgomery avenue last Satur
day evening. The happy couple had just
returned from an extended northern bridal
tour, • and - this . was the first- opportunity
their friends had to offer them their con
gratulations. The entire lower floor of the
home was placed at the. disposal of the
guests and artistically decorated with a
wealth of rare blossoms' and ferns. The
supper table especially engaged the at
tention of the decorator, and amid rose's,
and orange blossoms an elaborate wed
ding cake was given the place of honor.
Among those present were: <
Mr. and Mrs. T. F. Barry. Mr. and Mrs.
Harry Sheehan. Mr. and Mrs. W. H. J.
"Matthews of Oakland. Mr. and Mrs. Will
iam Euan of Baden, Miss Mac Keen, Miss
L. Hill. Miss Sadie Flannery, Miss Anna
Geopert of Larkspur, Miss Lena Schweit
zer, Miss Mary Suter, Arthur Mathews,
«Ed Gocdman, Professor Salsset, Mrs. K.
Patterson, J. D. Simpson. Ed Christensen,
George Eugene Sturgess and Mr. and Mrs.
s Bonner. .'"-'''.'
* Mr. Lawrence Van Winkle is at Catalina
Island for a short visit.
■ At Santa Monica are Mrs. M. A. Wilcox,
Lieutenant and Mrs. Randolph Miner,
Mrs. Mary Wilcox Longstreet and Mr.
Alfred Wilcox.
Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Wilson. Miss Ade
laide Demery and Mrs. Harry Wood have
: returned from a visit to Shasta. That re
port, by the way, is very popular. . The
latest additions are Miss Olive Holbrook,
Mr Charles Holbrook, Mr. and Mrs. J.
C. Stafford, Mrs. George W. Fletcher and
Miss Martha Fletcher.
San Rafael has lost Mrs. XV. S. Tevis,
who has gone to Lake Tahoe after a visit
to Mrs. I.lovd Tevis at Hotel Rafael. Mrs.
W. 3. Latham has also left San Rafael.
Miss Genevieve Carolan Is visiting Miss
Edith Mcßean at Hotel Rafael. Baron
J. A. yon Schroder had a number of
guests over Saturday and Sunday. They
were Lieutenant C. W. Rae, UJ S. N., and
Mrs. Rae. Mr. and Mrs. E. D. Beylard and
Baron Alex yon Schroder. Mr. and Mrs.
A. P. Talbot have joined the San Rafael
cottagers.
Mr. Hugh Tevis, Mr. Charles Bruce and
Miss Canavan of Clairmont. Berkeley,
have been visiting Judge and Mrs. John
H. Boalt at their summer home, "Monte
t'alda." near Cloverdale.
Mr. George Aimer Newhall, who has
been on a three months' trip to Japan,
was among the passengers of the quaran
tined Nippon Maru who were allowed to
land last Tuesday. .';':•
Mr. and Mrs. Homer S. King, accom
panied by their daughters and Miss Val-_
entine* spent last week in the Yellow
stone National Park and are now at home
after an extended visit to the East.
Professor Benjamin Ide Wheeler, who
will probably be made president of the
University of. California, arrived her.* last
Tuesday anil registered at the Palace
Hotel. . After spending a few days as a
guest of Mrs. Phcbe A. Hearst at her
home at Sunol, he Will return to New
York. '
Mrs. Kittle has returned from an ex
tended vlsk to her daughter, Mrs. Lewis
H. Allen, in Portland. Or.
The departure of Mr. and Mrs. Antoine
Borel and their large family of daugh
ters will close one ol the most hospitable
houses in San Francisco, as they Intend
to make a long sojourn In their recently
acquired chateau in Switzerland. They
were to have left us last year, but the
serious illness of Mrs. Borel necessitated
a change in their plans. Mr. Borel was
the recipient of a grand farewell ban
quet at the hands of a hundred of his
tellow citizens which was given at Del
monico's on Thursday evening of last
week.
• The arrivals at Del Monte are increas
ing In number every day and nearly all
those from San Francisco who intend
making that delightful hostelry their
headquarters this summer are now es
tablished therein. Among recent arrivals
are Miss Jenny Flood, Mr. and Mrs.
Chauncey Winslow, E. R. Folger. Mr.
and Mrs. Haas. Lansing Kellogg, Mr. and
Mrs. ("lint. Worden. John Twiggs, Her
man Oelrichs. the Misses Emily and
Ethel Hager, the Misses Fanny and Jose
phine Loughborough, Mrs. lam Grant.
Fred Webster, Mr. and Mrs. Rudolph
Spreckels and Miss Jolllffe. Mrs. A. Roos
and others. Mr. and Mrs. Casey and
Miss Dillon will go there upon their re
turn from Lake Tahoe.
Mrs. Frances Edgerton, who returned
last week after a long absence In Europe
and the East, is Visiting her old home
In Napa Valley, where she is the guest
of her parents. Mr. and Mrs. Smith
Brown. Mrs. George Loomis is spending
July at lams Springs. Lake County.
Sip. Steinhart. who arrived from New
York last week. Is the guest of Mr. and
Mrs. Ignatz Steinhart at their San Ra
fael villa. Mrs. W. B. Hooper, Mrs. J.
D. Brown, Mr. and Mrs. B. B. Wilson
and Miss- Wilson are at the Hotel Ro
ennan. Mr. and Mrs. Walter New
hall. Mrs. O. C. Pratt, the Misses O'Con
nor and Ed Pelxotto are among those at
< oronado. General and Miss Wheeler are
due here to-day en route to Manila. Mr.
and Mrs. Horace Hill are at Lake Tahoe.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph D. Grant went to
Del Monte In the latter part of the week,
to remain there a month or more, though
Mr." Grant will probably go up to the mid
summer high jinks of the Bohemian Club
at Meeker Grove on the 23d Inst.
Mrs. G. M. Cunningham has returned
from the Yosemite Valley and will leave
soon for Del Mcnte.
Mr. and Mrs. W. R. Whlttier and Miss
Carroll have returned from their Ashing
trip on the McCloud River and will leave
next month for Del Monte. . .
Alfred 11. Poett of San Mateo was In
town last Wednesday and was a guest at
the California Hotel.
Mr and Mrs. Timothy Hopkins came up
from Menlo Park last Wednesday and
were guests at the Palace Hotel.
Mr. and Mrs. Walter Scott Hobart came
up from San Mateo last Wednesday and
attended the performance of "Lord and
Lady Algy"' at the Columbia Theater,
where they had as their guests Miss Alice
Colden Hoffman and Dr. Harry L. Tevis.
The engagement is announced of Mr.
J Mensor. the "well-known and popular
shoe merchant, to Miss Lizzie Schwartz;
also the engagement Is announced of Mr.
Myer Schwartz to Miss Lizzie Mensor.
The wedding of Charles E. L. Hilde
brecht and Miss Tessie Swift will take
place the latter part of this month. The
wedding will be a very quiet one. only
the relatives being present. Miss Swift
is the daughter of Mr. P. Swift. The
bridegroom, Mr. Charles E. L. Hilde
brecht is a popular young man of this
city. After a short honeymoon to Del
Monte and Coronado the young couple
wiil return to this city.
Miss Mary Otter was married to Mr.
Henry Labhard on Wednesday evening.
June*2l, at the home of her parents, 603
Point Loboa avenue. Among those pres
ent were: Messrs. E and W. Labnard,
Mrs. H. Labhard, Mr. and Mrs. T. Lab
hard, Mrs. W. Labhard, Misses Grace and
Martha Labhard, Mr. and Mis. C. Otten,
Mr. and Mrs. J.- Otten,. the Misses Mar
garet, Minnie, Anna, Annie and Etta Ot
ten, Mr. John Otten. Mrs. 11. Saman. 11.
Saman, Mr. and Mrs. Lang. Mr. Joseph
Bassen, Mr. and Mrs. J. Schmidt, Mr.
and Mrs. F. Selpert, Mr. and Mrs. G. F.
Drinker. Captain 11. Sengstacken, Miss L.
Sengstacken, .Mrs. S. Rowland, Miss F.
Rowland, Mr. E. Rowland. Mrs. J. Nies
sen, Mr. and Mrs. G. Frick, Miss Anna
Frick, Misses E. and L. Mazzina, Mr. E.
Ma__„na Mrs. O. Leu, Miss H. Leu, H.
Meyer, Lieutenant H. Hasseibach, Colo
nel G. Hasseibach, Mrs. George Mass. I
bach, J. Parmella, B. Parmella, Miss
Marie Scheper, Miss Dora Strohbehm, Mr.
H. Strohbehm. Miss A. Matthews, Mrs.
Hillebrand and Mrs. Siebeck.
Mr. and Mrs. Max Levy (nee Fried
lander have taken up their residence at
022 Stelner street, where they will be
pleased to see their friends Sunday after
noon, July 23, from 2 to 5. .>■■•,■
Mr. and Mrs. Carl Cleve and daughter
are sojourning at Duncan Springs. Dr.
and Mrs. R. Clinton Brower are at Dun
can Springs for two weeks. _■>;:_<■■
The Misses Flora and Belle Rosenthal
and Mr. Cert Rosenthal are sojourning
at the Tallac Hotel. Lake Tahoe.
. E. Schlueter and family and Mr. and
Mrs. R. —. Van der Naillen are comfort
ably located for the summer at Elm Cot
tage, Ross station. ■
Mrs E. G. Stone and Master Arthur
Stone will spend the summer at Sausalito.
Mrs. J. C. Haughy and Master Harold
Haughy will spend the summer at Sau
salito. - ,-• ."vJ^i,''- -•"•.v;:
The marriage of Maude Frank and
Leon A. Lazarus took place at noon Sun
day, July 9, at 2423 Fillmore street.
A very enjoyable surprise party was
tendered Miss Emma Meyer at the home
of her sister, Mrs. J. Regner, 942 Geary
street, Saturday evening, July 8. Among
those present" were; Misses Eda Holllngs,
Mary and Lena Stange, Martha Regner,
Edith Longmore, Emma Meyer. Messrs.
Carl Stange. Thomas Kerr, Will Geiger,
Harry White, Carl Ybho, Arthur White,
Henry Stelling. Mr. and Mrs. J. Regner,
Mr. and Mrs. C. Ludemann, Mr. and Mrs.
Jungblutte and Mr. and Mrs. Horstmann.
Dr. and; Mrs. Martin J. Dunn of Berke
ley. accompanied by .Miss Letitia Leon
ard, are spending the vacation months
in the southern part of the State.
Mrs. H. Klnspel of Bakersfield (nee
Ollnsky), ,who is here for the summer,
will lie at home every Wednesday at 623
Octavia street.
A pleasant party was tendered Miss
Henrietta Bucking last Thursday evening,
It being the eighteenth anniversary of her
birthday. - Those present were: The
Misses Martha, Gussie and Freda Buck
ing. Ida and Flossie. Gibson, Anna. Freda
and Martha Juchter, Hannah and Etta
llillman. Emily Olsen, Hattie Bose and
Anita Schlakc. Messrs. F. Bucking, O. Ol
sen, H. Schlchting. J. Heinbockel, H.
Bucking, E. Lackmann and Mr. and Mrs.
M. Bose. •
The Astorias will give their, second
evening dress party Tuesday 'evening,
July 18, at Saratoga Hall. ; .v
Mr. and Mrs. Charles S. Levy and Miss
Lucille Levy of 31S Walnut street have
given tip housekeeping and gone to Ken
-11 worth Inn, Mill Valley.
Mr. and Mrs. Louis Springer Delaplaine
(nee Cronin), accompanied by Miss Kath
,ryn Cronin. sailed Monday, on the steamer
Walla Walla for their home in Van
couver,'where Mr. Delaplaine Is engaged
in business. " ' " ~ .
The Third Monthly Cotillon Club gave
a very enjoyabFe party on the evening of
the Fourth of July 'at' 'their club rooms,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 16, 1899.
3955 Twenty-fifth street. Those -present
were: Miss Johanna Hulsmann, Miss
Lena Brandt Miss Tessie Schmidt,
Miss Augusta Hulsmann, Miss Alma
Lindstrom*, Miss Ida Schmidt. Miss Alice
Corcoian, Miss Minnie Lindstrom. Mrs.
11 Brandtjen, Mr. Charles Brandtjen, Mr.
Harry Miller, Captain H. J. Hansen, Mr.
Otto Hulsmann, Mr. Fred Mohrman, Mr.
Herman Dlerks, Mr. Chris Goldzene, Mr.
Louis Sourian, Mr. H. Brandtjen, Captain
Waaler Mr. Frank Kennedy and Mr.
George Welller.
Master Julian H. Welrsheln of Grass
Valley is visiting his grandparents, Mr.
and Mrs. B. Getleson, in this city.
following Is the passenger list of the
steamer Mariposa for Honolulu, Apia,
Auckland and Sydney, sailing from San
Francisco Wednesday, July 12: Hono
lulu—Henry Alferltz and wife, M. XV. An
derson, wife and two cnildren. A. D.
Baldwin. Fred Baldwin, C. L. Beal. W.
■S. Belfleld. J. J. Belser Dr. DR. Brower.
Miss V. Christman. C. D. Clark. J. A.
dough; Dr. Charles Davison, Mrs. \V.
E. Elliott, Miss Elliott, Theodore P.
Fluhr L. J. Frank and wife. Mrs.
Robert Grieve. H. Hilliard. A. *.
Jones, wife and son. Mrs. George F.
Kimball. Miss Kimball. W. T. Lucas.
R. XV. McChesney, J. L. McLean,
wife and two children. Miss Martin, G.
Mauer, James A. Miner. Mrs. _. M.
Moore. R. B. Mullen. Robert Owens, wife
and two children Mrs. F. A. Potter. J.
S. Schweizer, Dr. M. Senn. D B. Smith,
C D Vincent. J. Waterhouse. S. J. Wilks.
wife two children, maid and valet, and
J. N. S. Williams. Apia— E. L. Graves.
Auckland— F. E. Baume and wife, W.
Gentry Bingham, D. Craig, A. Duncan,
Miss .fe. C. Izard, W. A. Kelller and John
B. Teal. Sydney— H. A. Benson, Mrs.
Henry Bratnober, T. J. Bush, D. N. Me-
Bride H. Murdock, XV. C. Peacock, Miss
H. Ralph, Professor E. H. Rennie and
wife. J. P. Richardson, George A. Stonier,
H. A. Thomas, wife and child, Edgar E.
Turner and G. H. Woodbury. Join at
Honolulu for Auckland— Captain B. F.
Chapman and Miss Poston. Join at Hon
olulu for Sydney— M. C. Sherman, F. C.
Taylor. Captain T. G. Taylor, L. C. Van
uxem. Mrs. E. K. Vanuxem, Miss Flor
ence Vanuxem. Miss Mary Vanuxem and
Hugo Wile-kens. _-
Thoma"*? E. Sloan of Hale Bros.. Sacra
mento, Is in this city visiting his relatives
at Mr.'v Geary street. . >-!■> -. -.
H. Shemanskt has . gone to Bartlett
Springs, Lake County.
Charles Hoehn. Henry Nleman, Albert
Adams. Miss May Hoehn, Miss Evelyn
Hoehn and Miss Elizabeth Hoehn are en
joying their vacation camping at Mesa
Grande. ..:..*_.•'. :. . ."
Mrs. Nathan Diamond and daughters,
Florence and Lillian, of Los Angeles are
at the Montrose. -
Mrs. • Flora L. Seldner of Los Angeles
will be pleased to see her friends at the
Montrose. .■:.!■ '-'-"L,"^'
On Monday evening. June 12, the officers
of Young Ladies' Institute No. 1 were in
stalled by the grand district deputy, Nel
lie Winters, with the grand secretary, Jo
sephine Molloy, acting as grand marshal.
Miss Mary E. Curley, the retiring presi
dent, was presented with a gold watch
and chain. Miss Cora Fish making the
presentation speech.
Miss Sallle Livingston will leave early
in August for Honolulu to visit her moth
er and numerous friends In the islands.
Miss Katie Murray -was the recipient of
a very pleasant surprise party given to
her by her friend Miss A. Nelson at her
residence, 127 Twenty-eighth street. Sat
urday evening, June 17. Among those
present were: Alice Nelson. Lulu Lods,
Freda Foge. Maggie McCormick. ■ Mary
Bohen. Mary Nelson, Leontlne Pinchon,
Ethel McGrath, Katie Murray, John Mat
ullch, Eddie Qulnnane. Weston Connors,
Willie Edwards, John Bohen, Thomas -and
Joseph McCormick, Henry , Coleston,
Adolph Penelskv, Willie Fraser, Mr. and
Mrs. Lods. Mr. and Mrs. Murray and Mr.
and Mrs. Bohen. ' '
The sixteenth annual picnic of the Jour
neymen Butchers' Association will be held
at Shell Mound Park, Berkeley, Sunday,
July 10. There will be grand fireworks,
games and cash prizes. •
Mr. and Mrs. H. Van Crombrugghe and
daughter. May belle, and Mr. and Mrs. J.
G. Klemm and family are spending the
summer in Ross Valley.
Mr. and Mrs. Max C. Ettinger have re
turned to the city and will reside at their
former home.
Mr. and Mrs. Ben Kaskell have left for
Santa Cruz.
Mis,. Horde C. Hay ward of 3825 Army
street is at present sojourning with rela
tives In the country.
A delightful surprise party was given to
Miss Ida F. Schllnk at her home. 13108
Harrison street, Saturday evening/July 8.
Those present were: Mrs. S. Schllnk, virs.
—_ Kneass, Mrs. R. Bernham, Miss L. Col
lins, Miss M. Glbney, Miss A. Schlink,
Miss F. Hanry, Miss F. Dukee, Miss E.
Gloggli, Miss Harvey, Miss A. Gloilll. Miss
E. Wentworth, Miss M. Krohn, Miss N.
Llbbing, Miss G. Dunn, Miss N. Plunkett,
MJss K. Ralston. Miss N. Daly. Miss E.
Schllnk, Miss L: Plunkett, Miss G. Joseph,
Miss N. Phllben,- Miss C. Pechner. "Miss
A. Pechner, Miss B. C. 'Collins, Miss ,R.
McDermott, Miss ._. O'Dea. Miss R. Pech
ner. Miss H. Kneass, Miss A. Malinoff,
Miss A. Davis, Miss P. Schllnk, T. Schllnk,
W. Koese, C. . B. Sexton, F. Sexton. F.
O'Neill, J. Belofer. E. Carlcof, S. May. G.
Bosert, L. Granwell, H. Bush, M.*Donnl
gan, A. Chrlstensen, J. Vivllch, B. Bone, I
R. Plunkett, R. Steel. J. Kenney, J. Ly
ons, G. Trannor, C. O'Neill, Senator Mud
iy of Colusa, D. O'Connell. E. O'Neill. J.
Trannor, G. Cushman. H. Cushman, T.
Bree. F. Swarz, D. O'Neill. XV. Bone, C.
Potter, F. Maher, G. Blankenhor, J.
Greenfield. G. Krugar. C. Krugar, H.
Pechner, S. Simon. H. Corwin, M. Livene
and G. Schllnk. /
Jacob Renz, accompanied by his son
Fred and his brother-in-law, F. Frerick,
will spend a few weeks camping at St.
Predo.
Mr. and Mrs. M. Solomon of Chicago,
formerly of San Francisco, announce the
engagement of their daughter Carrie to
S. H. "Weintraub of New York City.
Miss Mac Stolz is spending her vaca
tion at Bartlett Springs.
The engagement is announced of J. M.
Schemel. the stationer and .news dealer,
of Gilrov, and Miss Florence" Bassignano,
daughter of Victor Bassignano, superin
tendent of the County Infirmary at Camp
bells. The marriage will take place to
day at the chapel in San Jose at 0 a. m.
The Misses Adelaide and Jennie Cherry
have just returned from a visit of two
weeks at Camp Meeker, and Monday they
leave to spend a week or two at Lake
Tahoe. ■"
Miss Pauline and Louise Schnltz and
Miss Wyss are spending the summer at
San Rafael.
Miss Marie Louise Hillenbrand, accom
panied by her brother George, are spend
ing their vacation at Healdsburg.
A most enjoyable affair was the dancing
party given at the residence of Miss Liz-
j zle A. Shea. Jefferson Hotel, on Monday
evening, July 3. Among those present
1 were: Miss Lizzie A. Shea. Miss Mac
Lynch, Miss Carrie Breining, Miss Emily
Houghton. Miss Blanche E. Clinton, Miss
I Annie Clark, Miss Maggie Clancy, Miss
Florence Wilson, Miss Galloway. Miss
Winnie Foster, Miss Josephine Smith.
Miss Anna Smith. Miss L. Brassy.
Miss Eva Graham, Miss Mac B.
Mulcare. Miss Blanche Warde, Miss
Mabel McFadden, Miss Eva Walcom,
Miss Flossie Stromeyan. Miss Florence
Kilev, Miss Belle Matheson, Miss Mac
Powers, Miss Maggie Sullivan. Miss Mac
Clancy. Miss Cora Long. Miss Motile
Long. Miss Ada Long. Miss Nellie Mack
intosh, Miss Gertrude Mackintosh. Mi-is
Mac Magner, Miss Christian Goedje, Mrs.
M. Kelly, G. Galloway. G. H. de Pue,
George Springer, Lewis Springer, M. Mag
ner, C. L. Lemmon, H. Breining. T.
Power. H. G. Morse. R. Lawlor, K. Car
i roll, H. Goedje. B. Gleason, T. Lavin. L.
Faure. Edward Moldrup, Joseph Hale, Pe
ter F. Quirk. Charles Sommerlad, Martin
L. Reynolds, Edward L. Lawlor,
XV. J. Rock, > Kenneth Matheson,
j Will Matheson. J. P. Hammond, D.
Shea. G. Lawlor, Mr. McLean, Mr. Price,
F. Gonzales, George F. Johannson, •■_. F.
Haley, Thomas J. Magner. Mr. Smith, F.
Creede, Ed Smith. R. H. McMahon, Da
vid Kerley, N. M. Gllman and Will W.
Sales. •;■
Mrs. Tauber, wife of Dr. B. Tauber, the
celebrated throat specialist of Cincinnati.
Ohio, is now paying a visit to Mr. and
Mrs. I. Woehsler. 1275 O'Farrell street, ac
companied by her son Elmore. After
spending a few 'weeks -In San Francisco
Mrs. Tauber and Mr. Elmore Tauber will
make an . extended tour of the Pacific
Coast, returning East by the Yellowstone
Park.
Miss Idallne Rosekrans has just re
turned from a month's visit in New
York and Philadelphia.
Los toggles.
Society has packed up Its purple nnd
fine linen and shaken the dust of Los An
geles from its feet. All the Los Angelas
world and his family are rtMtiC-.tln| at
Terminal Island or at Santa Monica. The
National Educational Association dele
gates have captured the town and towns
people, and despite the heat look happy
At the beaches and summer res.. mirth
holds high carnival. House parties, launch
parties, in fact any old party. Is hlwiivh
on the day's calendar. The opening of thu
Gordon Arms, the new hotel at Terminal
Island, was a very Jolly affair. All ]*>* I
Angeles society and its sisters, brothers,
cousins, uncle* and aunts, were there in
their best bib and tucker. Among those
present were: Mr. and Mrs. Howard M.
Sale. Mr. and Mrs. George J. Denis, Mr.
and Mrs. Sumner Hunt, Mr. and Mrs. Ed- |
ward Silent.; Miss Florence Silent, Mr. j
Shankland and Miss Elizabeth Shankland,
Mr. and Mrs. Otheman Stevens, Mr. and
Mrs. Frank Thomas, Miss Mabel Garnseyr
Mr and Mrs. Charles Sumner,. Mr. and
Mrs T. E. Gibbon, Mr. and. Mrs. Charles
Walton. Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Stewart, Mr.
and Mrs. Irving BUnn. Mr. and Mrs. Hoi-,
terhoff, Mr. Holterhoff, Mr. and Mrs.
Frank Gibson, Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Graves
of Alhnmbra. Mr. and Mrs. William Gar
land Mr. and Mrs. Jack Griffith, the
Misses Gordon of Pasadena, Mr. Grosbeck,
Mr. and- Mrs. Hollabard,. Miss Hollabard,
Miss Hugus, Mr. Hugus. Miss Plagget,
Lloyd Macy. Mr. Randall, Mr. Hayes, j
.vis's Haves. Mr. Hale, the Misses Hale, i
Miss Lou Winder, the Misses jMllbUrn,
Miss Josephine McLane and Mr. and Mrs.
S. P. Anderson. ••■-; ■ ,
-The wedding' of ■__■ James Corrigan and
Miss Lillian Hibv took place last Monday
evening, July 10, at Simpson Memorial
I Church, at 7:30 o'clock. Rev. J. Stephens
I performed the ceremony. The church
I was filled with relatives and friends.
Frank Merrill and family and D. A.
Hunteman and family are rusticating at
Larkspur for the months of July and
August. i-''..
Mrs. Willoughby Rodman Is visiting
Mrs. Helms.
Mrs. Fred R. Rule and ' family have
gone to Terminal Island for the season.
Mrs. R. H. Howell and Mrs. Mark B.
Lewis visited Mrs. H. M. Sale last week
at her summer home, "Idle Sails," at Ter
minal Island.
Mrs. Frank Gorden entertained inform
ally at her home on South Flower street
on Thursday.
iTXit impromptu musicale was given by
Miss Mary Belle Daly on Friday evening
at her studio in the Blanchard building.
Miss Daly was assisted by Miss Hyte.
The Fourth of July was the signal for
a number of entertainments, barbecues,
tally-ho rides, etc. One of the pleasantest
of these ■ affairs was the barbecue and
lawn fete given by Mr. and Mrs. T. D.
Reymert at their home at Romana.
The wedding of Miss Irene Parsons and
Dr. Edward L. Davis of San Francisco
took place at the residence of the bride's
family •oh Luna drive on Wednesday
evening. July 5, Dr. Eli T. Fay. D.D., of
Pasadena officiating. Dr. and Mrs. Davis
will be at home in Los Angeles after
October 1.
Rev. Dr. Spaulding of St. John's Episco
pal Church. San Francisco, officiated at
one of the prettiest weddings of the sea
son. The ceremony took place at St.
Paul's Episcopal Church and the con- |
tracting parties were Miss Jessie Elise j
Stone, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. XV. XV. I
Stone of San Francisco, and Mr. Frank i
McCttllpugh of this city. Miss Maybelle
Stone, 'the bride's sister, acted as maid
of honor and Mr. John McCullough assist
ed as best man.- The bride, one of San
Francisco's most popular society girls,
will he a decided acquisition to Los
Angel society. The groom is a bright |
young business man, well known both i
here and In San Francisco. , >5,.;
Mr. John Fay Jr. gave a delightful din- ■
ncr party at the Hotel Arcadia. Santa
Monica, on the Fourth of July. The
guests were: Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Holli
day, Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Jones. Mr. and
Mrs. W. A. Barker, Misses Lewis, Birdie
Chanslor. Helen arid Llla FalrchiM: !
Messrs. John D. Mott. Charles Henderson,
Fred Henderson, Waller Chanslor and
Ray Fairchild.
Mr. and Mrs. C. B. Booth opened their
cottage at Terminal Island last Satur
day. They entertained as their guests the
members of the Bonnie Brae Club and a
few friends. Mrs. Booth was assisted
11 receiving by Mrs. Howard M. Sale and
Mrs. J. Ross Klrkpatrick.
A very pleasant tally-ho ride was given
on the glorious Fourth by the guests of
the Gray Gables.
Miss Minnie Price, granddaughter of
General Sterling Price of Missouri, at
one time Governor of that State and also
a prominent factor In the Confederate
army, is on a visit to her cousin. Dr.
Charles V. Cross of this city at 2103 Fill
more street, where she will remain dur
ing the summer. .An extensive trip
through the southern portion of the State
is In contemplation before she returns to \
her home.
Mrs. A. A. Louderback and her daugh
ter, Mrs. Arthur P. Lord, with Master
Lord, arrived from Paris during the week
and are sojourning temporarily at the
home of A. A. Louderback on Leaven
worth street preparatory to a .trip
through the southern part of the State,
after which Mrs. Lord will return to the
French capital to join her husband In .
time for the world's exhibition. The pres
ent Is. the first visit made by Mrs. Lord
since she left here three years ago as ;
Miss Louderback. , . -
One of the prettiest weddings of the sea
son was that of Mis? Grace Aiders and |
Alfred William French, which took place .
Wednesday, July 12. Miss Albert,, al
though she has only been In Los Angeles,
a short time. is one of the most popular
society girls here. She Is the daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Albers. The groom, j
Mr. French, Is the superintendent of the
Atlantic plan) of the National Lead Com
pany of Brooklyn. N. Y. ,77,
Mrs. A. J. Saullsbury of Terminal Isl
and gave 0 luncheon in honor of Mrs. H.
XV. Hook of Indianapolis on Tuesday. July
11. Those present were: Mrs. Thomas A.
Bard Mrs.- W. 8. Hook. Miss Strohen,
Miss Wilson and Miss Tefford.
Mrs. Florence Scarborough gave a re
ception In honor of Mrs. Johnstone Bishop
on Wednesday afternoon last. - • •'■ _
The annual lawn fete for the benefit of
the Los Angeles Free Kindergarten Asso
ciation was held on Tuesday afternoon at
the residence of Mme. Catherine . Sever
ence. on West Adams 'street. Among the
guests of honor were: Mme. Modjeska,
Dr. David Starr Jordan and School Su
perintendent Townsend and wife of, Ha
waii. -
Society at the Resorts.
KENILWORTH INN— The following
guests have registered at Kenilworth Inn,
Mill Valley, during the week: John W.
Pomeroy. Dr. F. Paul Zimmerman and
wife. Dr. Hunkins and family, Mrs. Albert
Buhner, Mrs. C. S. I-evy, Mi»s Luclle
Levy, George _. Underhlll and family,
Mrs. Watson and family.
DUNCAN SPRINGS— Guests at Duncan
Springs, Mendocino County, are: From
San Francisco — and Mrs. A. Mills and
child. Dr. and Mrs. Battelle, son and
maid, Mr. and Mrs. XV. J. Cosy, Charles
W. Coey, Willie N. Coey. Mrs. E. Noble,
William Noble, Miss Mabel Coey, Mr. !
and Mrs. J. Schultz, Mr. and Mrs.
J. O'Dwyer, . Timothy. Gleason, Thomas
Gleason, Charles Cleve. wife and child,
J. P. Sheridan, Alvis Weinner, Joseph I
Kahn. Elmer McMullln. Elsie McMullin, |
Mrs. Gilman, Mr. and Mrs. C. J. Parsons.
From Santa Rosa M. Rosenberg, F.
Rosenberg. Mr. and Mrs. J. XV. Eardly
and children, Mr. and Mrs. Woods. From
San Jose— W. R. Jenkins and wife, -.From
Eel River Valley— W. H. Bryan. ■_ From
Berkeley— W. H. Bone, Miss May
Bone. Harry Bone, Josie Bone.
PARAISO SPRlNGS— Following are the ar
rivals at the springs for the past week: A.
Crocker, Mrs. Ackermann, Misses Ack.rmann,
Mrs James Regan. Miss Elizabeth Regan, Mrs. I
J Brown, Mrs. William W. Welch, S. B.
Blake F. L. Skaggs, P. Goodman, E. J. Mur
phy John Brown and wife, Mrs. H. Block,
Miss Elise Block, Charles Block, San Fran
cisco: E. A. Kober, W. Lynn, King City; P.
W. Morse. Watsonville; F. R. Green, Los
Banos; H. G. Wright. Hollister; J. F. Dunne.
California; Mrs E. H. Holmes, Miss Dora
Holmes, Los Angeles; Grove P. Ayers. A. P..
Spreckels. Salinas: Jule Perrault. Guatemala;
Charles Burnie, San Francisco; Mr. and Mrs.
A. Jonas, Oakland: Max F. Samuel Jr.
CARLSBAD MINERAL SPRINGS-The fol
lowing • have registered at Carlsbad Springs:
Bishop Grace. Father Pius, Sacramento; F. H.
Lar«*abee. John Hampton. Oakland; Miss Josie
Cox. Sacramento; Miss Mollle Shanahan. Mrs.
D Brcen, Officer Caroson, Charles Lincoln, W.
Smith, San Francisco; Mr. Hoffman, Mrs. Hoff
man, 'Oakland; Mrs. A. M. Scales, Lakeport;
Mrs. Schwartz. Mlddletown.
GILROY SPRINGS— The' following guests
have registered at Gllrov Hot Springs during
the past week: Robert White and wife, D. Mul
lon. Mrs. L. M. Walsh, G. P. Ayers, A. B.
Spreckels, Mr. and Mrs. Sydney Smith and
son F. A. Houseworth, James Fay, Miss
Gwendolen Fay. Christopher Crockett, Owen
Gorman and wife, Mrs. P. A. Mahoney. Mrs.
J F. Mackey, Richard Jordan, Abe Davis,
Charles Nash. Nell Carmlchael. J. J. McCaf
ferty H. Lauterwasser. A. Kenerleber and
wife". P. Mackey. Harry Bogen, William Bogen,
Mrs H. Joost, Miss B. Joost. Joseph F. Nolan,
Christopher Toft. Miss Teresa Helen Murphae
and maid San Francisco; Colonel J. E. Morris,
I" S. A. General D. Regan. I*. S. A.. Professor
McKay, Washington, D. C. ; W. C. Bennett,
Mrs R. tit——, James _. Kannely. E. E. Lewis,
G. Seely, C. T. Lewis. Miss Mac Braun. Gilroy;
C. Maurer. J. B. Lamkln and son. Mr. and
Mrs. Masom. John A. Woodward. San Jose;
Mrs. J. Jensen, Mrs. S. J. Shannon and daugh-
.cr, Harold Keys, Alameda; T. I*. Emlgh and
ivlfe, Miss Edith Emlgh, Oakland; K. Schnei
ier, Gilroy. *.
SARATOGA SPRINGS— The arrivals for the
week ending July 12 at Saratoga Springs were
is follows: J. A. Ormond, D. Holling. Mrs.
'•"tank A. Busse, Frank A. Busse Jr. and ser
vant. Mr and Mrs. Phueffle. Mr. and Mrs.
Jorge W. Morgan, .1. A. Morgan. R. A. Mor
gan. i-:. A. Morgan, Miss F. M. Morgan. Miss
I. Morgan, Miss G. Morgan. Mrs. H. J. Kreut
nann and family. Miss L. Brandenstein. Mrs.
I. B. Schroder, Mrs. L. M. Keating, Miss H.
Mathews. Mrs. B. Halton, A. C. Belknap. Ell
■I. Weil. Mis- Bessie F. Hewitt, James L Pier
■on, Samuel • Pierson. Robert Pierson Jr., H.
■"chaeffer and wife, James Hanson. R. Thorn
ton, Walter Young. George D. Graham and
wife, Mr. and Mrs. Hare, D. Meni.-k. A. E.
Worth. M T. Vanderslice. M. F. Johnson. L.
Illume. H. D. Bronson, Miss Stella Cornwall,
Miss Marie Thompson, M. C. Kittridge, E. P.
"amble and wife, K. Gamble Jr.. Miss Eva P.
jumble. San Francisco; Birdie Gllman. F. M.
Mason. Ukiah; Miss Hamilton, San Jose; Mrs.
I". Schumann. Master Fred Schumann. Miss
Ira V. Hawkins. Mr. an.l Mrs. Phlneas Chris
tensen, Miss A. Chrlstensen, San Rafael; Os
tar V. Heaton and wife, Harold S. Hobson,
Frank H. Hobson. David Newhall. S. V. Shep
ml. Robert Matlock. Wallace Matlock. Oak
and; M. Cluflin. San Vlncente. Mexico: B. L.
Meador. Cloverdale; Miss Alice Donnelly.
Juernevlllc; J. XV. Fowler, Phoenix, Ariz.; Mies
3ertrude Burns, Alameda.
CAMP TAYLOR— The following guests regls
:cred here during the past week: XV. T.
Dwyer J. M. Gauble. T. J. Larsen. Dr. and
Mrs. Koenigsteln. Mrs. York.-. T. B. Corwin, I
m>-=. J, L. Cahill. C, Fredericks. Mrs. One ,
,\.i\. Miss Lena Hertzell, V. C. Post : and i
ivlfe, Mr. and Mrs. O. Speler, Mrs A H. Leib '
md family, Lizzie Barry, A. Solomon, Paul J.
Voeller R. F. Rock»tt and .wife, Mr. and Mrs.
3o<iflmun and child. J. Levy and child. 11.
Wotvis.-li. Miss Hahn, Mrs. David Martin. Miss
Itosenfeld. A, Shafer. Mrs. W. Wedgwood. C.
I- rb*S and wife, Mrs. Lash, H. P. Andrews,
Ernest 1. Mott, Emanuel Louis, G. M. Feder,
Paul.Buhr and family, Mr. and Mrs. H. Barnes,
Minnie Christen, Mr. and Mrs. H. Rover, Mrs.
Mauer. Mrs. .1 Bios, Will A. Sehnider, Mrs.
warts, and daughter, Alice Luke. C. H.
*oo|i. Margaret Sheehan, Ed Hornbeck. ' Charles
Melinite, F. Nelson, Agnes Christen, L. Bruce,
J. D. Bullwlnkle and family. F. McOowan,
Mrs Paul Friedman. Mrs. D Pllster. Frank
8, Davis,* Mrs. A. B. Buzelle. Mrs. K. Hod- ;
llsa, Miss Louisa Francis. Miss May Murphy.
H. Henry Stanley. - O. Charles Smith, Henry
drunker and family, Feda yon Maden, E. May
in.l wife, A. Collins,, Charles W.Goleflnd.
Hattie Ellotts, Palmer Walker, Ida Murdock,
Hugh Walker, A. B. Larsen. Sam Struss. Harry
McCarthy, Mrs. S. Strauss and child, Miss' K.
Kehoe Mrs. A. F. Crees, Miss A. Kehoe. Mrs.
Kelso,' R. Mclntyre. A. W. Gans, Mrs. F.
*earv, R. Isenbruck and family. T. Scary, J..
VV". Sharkkart and family, Miss F. Miles,
Sorance Meyers. Miss A. Miles, Miss Block.
Vilas M. Miles, Sam Goldberg, A. S. Archer. H.
11. Hartman, Ellis A. Blackman, J. T. Jones,
'an Francisco; B. F. Shaver, William Schulz
»nd wife. H. C. Verborg, David Monasch, F.
5. Winslow, Alex C Karskey, W. A. Monahan,
I. H. Vetter, J. L. Vann. A. XV. Cans. E. D.
Warren. J. E. Fermstone. Frankie English R
'. Yanke,' E.M. Nuckolls. G.F. Palmer, M.
Ft. Adams,- J. Richards, Mr. and Mrs. E. Atkin
son,'E. Ginfourth. W'estey Thompson. B. Bush,
Jus Barrio. -V. W. ' Hoxle, . N. Sehnider, C. C."
Hansen, H. B. Felge, E. J. Lumy. Acton
Haven, F. G. Gall and wife, Thomas Collins,
3. B; Reld and wife. Oakland.
HOTEL METROPOLE— Among the late ar
rivals here are: ' Henri' Cottrell, T. G. Cot
[rell. Mrs. W. I. Reed, Ben W. Reed, Mrs.
i. XV. Boyden, Miss H. B. Crocker, Mrs. E.
.'rocker, Mrs. Clara Walter, Mrs. E. C.« Stock,
Miss G. nitre, E. H. Horton, _■ Miss Horton,
Miss Susie Haas. -Miss- Rose Boukofsky. .. Miss
Rebecca M. Boukofsky, Miss Eugenic Brooks,
M. C. Talbot, Henry Schwartz and ■ wife, W.
H. Earward and wife. A. Seellgson, wife and
family. • ~
DEL MONTE— Some of society's notables
now staying at this resort are: Mrs. Dal
zell.' Mrs. A. D. Weeks. Mrs. A. M. Parker.
A. Badt. Mrs. F. H. Badt, Mr. and Mrs. Ru
dolph Spreckels, Mrs. Thomas " Breeze,- Miss
Breeze, F. B. Newell. Miss Dore, Miss Char- :
lotte Dore, Maurice Dore, Mr. and Mrs. A. E.
Davis, Mr. and Mrs. XV. M. Stlllman. Mr. and
Mrs. H. C. - Oswald, Mrs. J. A. Tauney. Mrs. J
j. K. Maybury Mrs E. £ *»«*& *%*&£
XPwhursi Miss M- q * rP . M r . and Mrs. M.
Bourne. Miss F. <*arru.siere^ L v Baker an(J
S. Koshland and famni «*■• L Goldstein,
family,. Herman Oeiricns. Ackerman.
Miss V. A. Ackerman, ™ TS - Schmledell, Mr.
S - /\A Ck p m ?\ ?> ZeHe' ' and^famlly. Nelson T.
and Mrs. F. ™ •.£""•, A Adams, Miss Mor-
Shaw Mr. I l£N& ts sir Hager,
H. SimpKlns. Mr. an MJ* Kerney and
Garret McEnerney, Mrs. W. an S,' *c*
and Mrs. C. E. Worden. Mrs. A. £/ .fow n j'
Mrs F F. Low, Miss F. C. Low, Mist, L. J.
Flood 'Mr. and Mrs. C. A. Laton, Miss F. S.
PACIFIC 1 OROV*- Tl» week's arrivals at El
Carmelo Hotel are: R. D. Holmes San Fran
cisco; W. H. Pvburn Jr.. Salinas; L. C. Dale
and wife, Mrs. C. C. Crowell, .Stockton, H. R.
Howe and wife. Santa Cruz; George A Brom
ley and family. Mrs. H. Hitchcock and child.
F. B. Wiley and family. San Francisco; Mrs.
Wolfsohn and daughter. Oakland; Airs. Jam.
Taylor, Salinas; W. K. Gregory. New York
City; Miss Amesbury. Miss Davis. San Fran
cisco; Miss Greenlaw. Sacramento: Mrs. An
drews and children. Grass Valley; W. E. >\j'
son. Eilensburg. Washington; Mrs. F. E. Goffe,
J. T. Yerrlngton, Mrs. F. P. Mills, San Fran
cisco; Genevieve Mills. Robert Mills. Mrs. L.
M. Hopper, Santa Rosa -..Male Nc-ef, Portage,
Wis. ; Mrs. John Dewey, Chicago; Thurlow Mc-
Mullin, C. W. Foster San Francisco; Mrs.
Julia Stanclttr Sanborn and children. Berkeley;
J. W. Stirling, L. a. MoCullum, Salinas; Mrs.
E. J. Dawson, San Jose; H. A. Mosher. R. E.
Rorilen, Nlles, Cal.; W. c. Pavey, Frank Cof
fin, J. Rice and wife, F. A. Stevens, San
Francisco; Rex W. Sherr San Rafael; Mrs.
M. F. McCullock, San Jose; Miss, L. Laws.
Santa CruziAV. J. Barrett, J. W. Roach, W. E.
Lowe and wife, Miss Mary Briggs. E. A. Lowe,
George H. Hooke and wife. S. Homer Henley,
Charles O. Henley. San Francisco; Orrln S.
I Henderson, t Stockton; A. M. Barnett, W. J.
Overland, Los Angeles; A. C. Hager. Fairfax.
Mo.; H. A. Alexander, San Jose; C. R. Barney,
William J. Belcher, R. S. Stubbs. R. de la
Montanya, San Francisco; A. C. Eaton. San
Jose; Mrs. C. C. Morse, Santa Clara; G. D.
Swezey and children, Lincoln. Nebr. ! Albert
J. Battle, San Jose; .1. Kramer and wife. San
Francisco; Edwin Orrett, Alameda: R. C.
Blame, New Orleans, La.; S. ,H. Smith. Wat
sonville; W. O. Parker. J. Curran, Miss Beres
ford Joy, F. B. Hutting and family. San Fran
cisco; R. S. Hunklns, D. M. J. Byron and wife,
San Jose; L. H. Gavigus, Mrs. J. J. Thompson,
Mrs. G. Jeffries, Salinas; Mrs. George A. Tut
tle. Grade English. Watson O. V. Lane*,
Berkeley; W. F. Hall and wife. Visalla; D. E.
Freyer. San Francisco: G. B. Lumbard and
family. San Jose; J. H. Meyers and wife. New
Monterey; V. E. Winchell, O. E. Pettls, San
Francisco; Jennie M. Farwell. Saratoga: H.
N. Bevier. Daniel Crosby. M.D.. T. A. Hays.
J. A. Morrison, J. Ivy, San Francisco; Mrs. M.
Levy and family, Stockton; the Misses Ad
derley. San Francisco; H. W. Duncan. Los
Angeles: George C. Brewster, G. H. Stephenson
and wife, Miss Stephenson, Sacramento; C. R.
Barney. San Rafael: A. J. Sanderson. St.
Helena: J. A. Huntington. Denver. Colo; Win
ifred Morse L. If. Elliott and wife, M. Koch
man, San Francisco; P. R. Mahury, San Jose;
C. L. Anderson, Santa Cruz; Leon A. -Lazarus
and wife. San Francisco; Fannie Madison,
Anna S Gilbert. Mills College; P. A. Jordan,
Emmaline M. Magoin, San Francisco; Mrs. A.
F Miller. E. R. Daly and wife, Oberlin, O. ; C.
B. Newton H. Williams and wife, D. B.
Crane L. A. Larsen, Miss Shipley. San Fran
cisco; Charles E. Hoag, Los Angeles; J. Hunter
and wife. Mrs. M. H. Field, San Francisco;
Mr and Mrs. Hazzard Gregg. San Luis Obls
po- DeWltt Miller. Philadelphia; M. Manasse.
San Francisco; Mrs. W. S. Richards, San Jose;
J Warren Phillips, Reno. Nev.; W. B. Kooser.
James Smith. J. H. Bradt. E. J. Brown. San
Jose; Frank Beard. Chicago: H. L. Osgood and
wife. Oakland; Mrs. B. E. Setghler and
daughter, Philadelphia; Mr. and Mrs. Thomp
son, College City; J. H. Waterman. Benlcia;
Mrs. Cowper, Mrs. P. E. Johnson. Miss F.
Johnson. Mrs. Kittridge. Miss Klttridge, Saa
Jose: Miss Russell. Alameda.
Some other arrivals in town are Miss Alma
Johnson. Sacramento; Mrs. J. D. Mason. Miss
Lilian Mason, Los Gatos; Miss M. Minnie Gray.
! San Jose: Mrs. B. G. Fitch, Oakland; May E.
Lewis B. A. Lewis, Petaluma; Mrs. S. G.
Hellyer, Berkeley; A. H. Randall, Mrs. A. H.
Randall, San Jose: Rev. Charles R. Nugent.
Ph>D.. Stanford University: Mrs. J. P. H.
Went worth. Maude B. Wentworth. Grace E.
Went worth San Francisco; Mrs. J. M. Stow,
Wander Clark, Eleanor Stow. M. D.. Oakland:
Mrs A. H. Potter, Alameda; A. Chappell. G.
A. 'McGulness, D. C. Roberts and wife. Los
Angeles; Dorothea Moore. San Francisco; J.
W Clough and wife, Sacramento; Mrs. Lillian
Confer Miss Maud Williams. Stockton: Miss
Janle Lyle. Weatherf ord, Tex. ; Mrs. J. A.
Barker, Sacramento; R. G. Ford, Miss Stella
J Winks Miss Lottie T. Clark, Miss Anna
Foster, Miss Flora Foster, Salinas; Mrs. W. A.
Walker, Martinez; Mrs. A. A. Crowell. Fred
W. Crowell. W. Crowell. Miss F. E. Cror/ell.
San Francisco: Mrs. J. L. Gillis. Miss Mabel
Glllls Miss Ethel M. Rust. Mrs. John Skel
ton. Miss Mabelle E. Skelton, Sacramento; D.
0 Castle and wife. Miss Sadie Gregory. F. E.
Ellis and family, Mrs. F. W. Boalt and chil
dren, Stockton; H. Sample and wife. Reno,
Nev . . ,
SEIOLER SPRINGS— The following persona
registered here this week: D. D. Harris. R. B.
Farrar W. R. Huney and wife, F. J. . Sam.
Mrs s' Meyer. Miss Emma Mailer. Miss Clara,
Muller C A. Kelly, W. G. Haxe, Mrs. A.
Cohen, Flora B. McPherson. W. C. "Wright, F.
W. Wright, C. J. Wales. John Hussing, Charles
Bryant Dr. C. R. Levlson, Miss Alma Levison,
Miss Anna Bamman, Miss M. Conway, Miss
M. White, Max Popper, M. F. Johnson, M. F.
Vandersllce, Mrs. Charles Auhton, Mrs. Georgs
M Rolph, Miss Alma Fern, San Francisco:
Mrs. H. W. Rice, Miss H. F. Rice, Hay wards;
Miss Josephine Dows, Santa Rosa; Mr. and
Mrs. F. E. Phister, Mr. and Mrs. Tyndall.
Eugene Colly. Rev. James Kiely, Oakland;
Mrs. J. F. Reid. Santa Barbara; J. H. Batcher
and family, Thomas W. Coleman. Sacramento;
Mrs. A. Morgan. Los Angeles.
SUMMER HOME FARM — The following
guests registered here during the week: From
San Francisco— S. Reiss Jr.. A. Bullock, Felix-
Block. H. H. Block, Mrs. H. H. Block, Fred
die Block. A. Link. Mrs. A. Link, Tessie Link,
Miss E. Harris, L. Bone, E. R. Galland Sr.,
J. Blumenthal. E. Levin. William Mayer. W.
A. Schultz. Mrs. O. Luhn. Ben Baum. F. B.
Harris, E. Reiss, B. B. Galland, F. J. Schultz.
J. F. Curtln, Mrs. J. F. Curtin. Miss E. Cur
tin, Otto Krapf, Leo J. Wertheimer, A. V.
Morgan. Haywards.
MARK WEST SPRINGS HOTEL— The latest
arrivals are: From San Francisco — Mrs. Cap
tain Young. John Gorey, E. C. Deike, Miss M.
Driscol Mr. and Mrs. O. M. Katz. Mrs. C.
Oner, R. Oner, Mrs. N. Bibo, Miss R. Bibo,
Master I. Bibo. Harry Oppenhelmer and wife.
Miss Battle Meyer, Mrs. W. Baillie. From
Martinez— W. S. Trominy. Master A. Tromtny.
From Berkeley— R. W. Tally. ;
SKAGG.s SPRINGS— The following guests ar»
registered at Bkagga Hot Springs, Sonoma
County, Cal. : W. J. Mitchell. Mrs. W. A.
Sprague, Charles Larsen, A. Blum, Patrick Mr-
Cann. Mr. and Mrs. P. A. Bergerot. John R.
Morton. Mrs. R. Desbeck. Miss Frankle Des
beck, David C. Smith, E. J. Vogel. Miss Lillio
I", fallahan Helsn V. Pettigrew, Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Schroth, Charles W. Pike. Martin
King. G. H. Umbsen, Mrs. English, M. K.
Nicholson Jr., Miss Mabelle A. Giebenstein.
Mr and Mrs. Marcus Moses. Victor Aaron.
Harry Levison, Miss Mattie Redmond, George
Redmond. Mr. and Mrs. Joseph P. Stevens,
Miss A. McLaughlin. Mrs. C. W. Reed. Mrs.
Cooper, Miss M. Driscoll, Miss Katherine
Black, Miss Fannie Black. Mr. and Mrs. J.
L. Senecal, R. Curtis, Ray Mitchell, Mrs. A.
E. Tiernan. Joseph F. Coffey, Miss Bessie Mar
tin. Miss Susie C. Martin. K. Beane, H. H.
Young. Mr and Mrs. P. Stross. M. S. Froh
man. Mr. and Mrs. John Me ■->...!>-. Miss Mabel
McNally. J. L. Truslow. J. L. Blair. A. Bar
rera Mrs. G. D. Lucy, Harold Lucy. Miss Dor
othy Lucy, Mrs. Tregloan Miss Tregloan, J.
Ward. Joseph Goodman. Mr. and Mrs. Joseph.
J. Carroll. Miss Carroll, Mrs. Tottle <_arroll.
Mr. and Mrs. M. Koberg, Mr. and Mrs. Leon
Lew. S. Hertzman. Mrs. S. Goodman. A. W.
Goodman. Mrs. A. W. Baldwin Mrs. JSarles.
C. H. Clark, L. Payot J. Morris, Mrs. T.
Cohen Mrs. S. Raphael Mrs. E. C. Hall. Mr.
and Mrs Ben Harris. Ferdinand Toklas. Miss
Alice B Toklns. Clarence F. Toklas. from San
Francisco; Mr and Mrs. William Gruenhagen.
Miss Addle Hawley. Stuart Hawiev. Miss Caro
lyn Hawley. David M. Hawley. Mr. and Mrs.
W C Otgood, George T. Hawley. Miss Imo
gene Hawley. Oakland: Dr. and Mrs. E. Wis
lockl San Jose: Mrs M. O. Lee, Miss Matti's
Lee, Woodland: Mrs. E. Jay Swanson, Miss E.
Oilman Sacramento- Airs. E.Wilson, Mrs. R.
B. Young. Miss M. Young. Los Angeles;
Thomas ' Roach, Petaluma; Mrs. M. MulvehUl.
Miss A. Clary. Miss E. J. H'.leman. Santa
Rosa: Dr. and Mrs. L. PetMt, Cloverdale.
BYRON HOT SPRINGS— The arrivals for th«
last week are: Charles Quinn, Mrs. E. Bur
line, Atlolnh Starke. C. J. O'Brien. J. J. Me-
Shane. James E. Ward, Dan P. Carter,' Harrf
son E. Carter, H. Zetz and daughter, J. E.
Harris, S. L. Johnson, . Mike Harraty, S. A.
McDonald. J. Lawlor Jr..- Chris Hunger. James
Corbett, Nels Johnson. Miss M. L. Sweeney,
Claude Stan, F. J. Ferguson. David Fitzglb
bon. Philin Ryan. Charles Johnson. B. Dan
n«dson, Mrs. F. W. Baker. Matt Wilson, Miss
Mangner and nephew. James Harrington, Rein
ert Olsen. Ethel E. Tabrett, Mrs. R. Tabrett,
C. H. Lombard, J. E. Whitney. A. C. Gelnet,
O. Grand. .1. L. Scott, Dr. George M Terrill,
<;. H. Luchsinger. E. E. Cook, E. B. Cook,
M M. Feder and wife, S. S. Selle. Mrs. A.
1 >lander. Mrs. S. S. Sellg, Mrs. Johnson. Mrs.
W. H. Loonls, Fred Elfer. O. Nelson, Mrs. F.
W. Engle, Miss Ethel Baker, : San Francisco;
W. J. Bishop, W. J. Warlez,\ Henry Besant,
Grass Valley; M. Athenour. w. J. Richards. M.
Wllzinsky. Sonora; C, C. champion. R. Abbey,
Oakland; Mrs. Hammat. Emeritus: H. F. Mar
tin. Copperopolls; Mr. and Mrs. Fedara, Mlps
Fedara, Mission San Jose; John Btrohm, Jack
son; Mrs. A. C. Forsyth. Chicago; Miss N. B.
Pike Degognia. 111.; Louis. S. Delaplain, West
Virginia; J. McGugin. Reno, Nev. ; John
Schroeder. Mariposa: ;Ed A. Cook. Angels
Camp; F. A. Rasmus3en. Placerville: Phil
I»bra. Point Arena: D. Mannaster and Wife,
Portland, Or.; W. H. Klnney, Mendoclno City;
William Bourke, Petaluma.
Colonel William- Roy of Nogales, Ariz., Dr.
George M. Terrill and Colonel H. I. Kowalsky
of San Francolscp and Paymaster A. W. Bacon,
U. S. N., ; are ]at Byron Hot Springs.
popp EOF* THE HAIR.
« * v - 1 — '■ ' One week's treatment free.
Every new purchaser of a bottle of Blonntrlne,
the wonderful new hair preparation, will re-
ceive one week's treatment free. Blonntrlne re-
stores Rray cr faded hair to its natural color.
Blonntrlne produces a . new . growth .of hair on
bald heads and restoies lost eyebrows. For
treatment apply to 1201 Bush st. from 1 to 6
p. m. daily. > - • ;I Alameda
^_,,__--,«wMw)\»/fnnn, ,^_, ,__--,«wMw)\»/fnnn
POLITICAL WARS
KEEP CHILDREN
FROM WASHING
Henry Weber Meets
New Obstructions.
— ♦ —
HIS PRAYER UNANSWERED
— • —
■ANNEXED DISTRICT TO WAIT A
LITTLE LONGER.
♦ ,
Scores of Families Are Without Any
Sewerage Facilities, While Poli
ticians Wrangle Over Dis
tribution of Spoils.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, July 15.
An anxious father and twelve beautiful
children are watching with great anxiety
the progress— or rather the lack of
progress— of a little political scheme aimed
at City Engineer Clement.
The proud parent Is Henry Weber of
Temescal. and. with his twelve children,
wife and servant he is forced to live in a
house without a sewer. The troubles of
Mr. Weber were very clearly told some
weeks ago in a manuscript lecture he read
to the City Count 11. He was promised
the speediest relief possible, but now 0 --"
tics has intervened and the fourteen Web
ers may not be able to wash their faces
more than once a week.
"Do not send me back to my family,"
••aid Mr. Weber, "to tell them that they
cannot wash themselves to-morrow. My
cesspools are all full. If 1 run my
drainage on the street the Board
of Health threatens to arrest me, and
you will not give me permission to lay a
sewer. I am proud of my twelve children.
] wash them every day, and, oh, gentle
men, do not force us to be dirty."
The relief the Council promised was the
passage of an ordinance appropriating
$4000 for the purpose of having an engineer
prepare a scientific system for the whole
of the annexed district. Mr. Weber was
promised that this should be done. at once
and that as soon as the plans were ac
cepted the sewers Would be ordered down
immediately.
Since then— two weeks ago— th.c*
phadow of politics has spread itself over
the annexed district sewer question.
Under ordinary circumstances the WOO for
this special work would go to the City
Engineer, who is paid in fees for the
work that he does. There are big politi
cal differences, however, between the City
Engineer and the officials who have the
votes in the Council and Board of Works.
It is therefore being so arranged that a
special engineer sha'i be employed to pre
pare the sewer plans so that Mr. Clement
will not reap the benefit or" his recent elec
tion to the uttermost.
And while all this is going on Mr.
Mr. Weber, Mrs. Weber, the twelve little-
Webers and the Weber servant are pray-
-\\¥^^^__im__fz_*_-r^^mmmm
_T___¥R ■__Lrw &* v*? 11
F *3£f ** : I -*-**"-£*? '-*'-*■ fi " 9
•^ *&r M-J m__^___ I ft
P No Liquors— just f
a Good Groceries A
} The careful housewife^
(The well to housewife^
will do well to save up our^
price list that she^
Smay have at hand the(>
right price and the right^
Equality to aid in ordering — 4
(economy demands it; the^
(^result will prove it. 4
t 4
\Baking Powder. .lb can 25c?
¥ Prices's Cream, the old reliable. ¥
r Lea & Perrin's Sauce ..22cf
B The sauce that satisfies. m
(The milk, condensed can 14c^
Eagle milk, condensed can 14cj>
.p ßoot Beer; Bryant's.. 4 bot 20c4
(Root Beer; summer beverage. 25c^
Inexpensive summer ', eve-rage. A
Root Beer ....bot 13c J
aN.Y. Cream Cheese.. lb 15c>
_ Martin's — Delicious. _
fSoap 7 bars 25c\
y Royal Savon. Full pound bar, • y
\ quality guaranteed equal \
w to Babbit's— perfect laundry. #
JSalt 50-lbsack 18c#
A Fancy Dairy. A
¥ "While, pure and low pric-. ¥
flee Cream Salt 50 lb sk 15c^
A Must have Ice Cream — salt is one A '
(Must have Ice Cream— salt is one A
item— save on it.
Premium Soap bar 5cJ
# Same quality, same sire, #
\ Queen Lilly.' Guaranteed. \
\Tar Soap ...bar 4c?
¥ Dusky Diamond. Will remove the ¥
A dirt and soothe the skin of the toiler. A
Sdlrt and Ceylon Tea lb oO.ca
Colombo Ceylon Tea lb 50.cJ
\ In original tin-foil pacVage. 'Ceylon ¥
A tea goes further than Japan. A
_ Flavor unsurpassed, . _
(Hotel Coffee lb 17cf
§ We are supplying the largest boas- 9
_ es in S. F. and Oakland wi li this _
f Coffee. Chance for the small buyer, "f
i Green Java Coffee...... lb 19ci
\ Java— large plump berry— Java. \
Assorted Cakes.. ..lb^
Fancy Assorted Cakes.... lb J
W Always nice to have a few on *1 A_-,\
\ hand— cheaper than you can xUCi
(hand— cheaper than you can AUCi
make them, nnd they'regood. "
¥ EIGHT SAVING STORES: 4
i TSS Market Bt. S.F. 1311 To! k St. 8. T. A
¥ io,TB Washington, 0.-ik Shattuol At, Berkelej".
A ,-. & Washh-.jrt--.il. " - I'entrnl At. Alameda A
¥ E 12th .' l.*Ui At, *' ',*., _ Wood, Oak ¥
"WAS IT A HIT?"
"WELL, IT TOOK THE CAKE!"
We have only one announcement to make public about the Great International Cake-
walk Carnival, which will be continued all this week at the •-. _, ' ;
... MECH AN I CS' PAVILION ...
For the benefit in part of the
"California Soldier Boys' Fund."
And that is, that the arrangements for handling the public will be still bettered than
they were Saturday night. ,' , - _._-.„_
KThe trouble is, Saturday night. there was too bis a crowd for us.
We shall ad- 2000 more reserved seats, which will be on sale at So extra.
There are sttll 3000 free scats and the entire balcony. v
V.'. have alio added 200 more seats ln the private boxes to accommodate the public.
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT.
Monday night Oregon soldier boys' night, an.l first appearance of little Manuel Robles.
tiie Phllirpine, Oregon boys' mascot, Who v.ill lead the juvenile Cakewalk, dressed, ln gor-
geou» drum major costume. Tuesday matinee. Chinese taby _*>*•. „
" Tuesday night (Olympic Club night)-Speclal programme. Admission 2a cents.
Box Seats and Rested Seats on sale all day at the Emporium. Secure them early.
this tlmfc - v
I NEWS I
| of the Bay Cities |
w<^*♦*♦*<«>*4><f•*♦*♦*♦*•»-!*-«?>©
i^r\tti^i^rVr^i*ir*s*j~ii*ir\)r*(
OAKLAND'S LEADING MUNICIPAL QUESTION
"Gentlemen, if You Do Not Give Me Immediate Relief, I Must Go Home and Tell My Little Family
That They Cannot Wash To-Morrow."
.7,7 ' ■ Henry Weber's Petition to the City Council.
jng eariVfci-tly and fervently, both orally
and in W-ttlngr, for such conditions that
will enable them to live liko civilized
human beings.
And there are hundreds of families in
the annexed district needing the same re
lief. ■
STANTON MAY REGAIN
HIS POWER OF SPEECH
OAKLAND. July 15.— The condition of
J. Stanton, the patient at the Receiving
Hospital whose skull was fractured in
some unknown manner, continues to im
prove. Dr. Porter removed the bandages
from Stanton's head this afternoon. He.
was well pleased with the appearance of
the wound/which showed that the opera
tion of removing the shattered bone and
a portion of the brain matter proved in
every way successful. A. Constance, a
cook from San Francisco, who identified
Stanton yesterday, visited his friend this
afternoon. Stanton recognized him and
showed encouraging indications of return
ing power of speech. : He Is still unable to
express himself Intelligently, but Dr. Por
ter believes now that his patient will re
cover and be able in a few days to clear
up the mystery of the manner in which he
sustained his almost fatal blow.
I GREEN APPLES KILLED HIM.
OAKLAND, July lo.— Lamar Peregoy,
aged 10 years, died in convulsions at the
home of his aged mother, "1027 Chester
street, last evening- after remaining un
conscious for nearly twenty hours. Ac
cording to Dr. A. li. Pratt, who had at
tended the hoy, death is attributable to
eating too many green apples.
There was an air of mystery surround
ing :he case when first reported, for it
was given out that Mrs. Peregoy had
found her son unconscious in his room
last Thursday morning with the gas
turned on full force. She therefore con
cluded that he had been asphyxiated. Mrs.
Peregoy now states that on last Wednes
day her son ate gui! a number of green
apples. - She says, too, that she- did not
know the cause of death until the doctor
told her :
Dr. Pratt says that when he called to
attend the boy there were no symptoms
of gas poisoning. Drs. Sanborn and
Wilkii . who were called later, are equally
convinced that gas poisoning was not the
cause of death
STRUCK BY A LOCOMOTIVE.
OAKLAND. July George A. Car
■ penter, a conductor for the past several
years on the Seventh-street local, was
1 struck by a locomotive at the Oakland
I mole to-day and sustained a broken arm
j and internal injuries which may prove
fatal.
Carpenter was hurrying to the office at
the mole, and while crossing the track
was struck squarely by the engine' of the
Berkeley local, then switching. The loco
; motive "was running at low speed, but
threw Carpenter to one side. He was
picked up unconscious and taken to his
home. 766 East Seventeenth -street, in the
. ambulance of the Fabiola Hospital. Dr.
B. A. Bain- was summoned and found that
besides a broken left arm there were in-
I ternal injuries to the abdominal cavity.
The injured man has been in the employ
' of the Southern Pacific Company for the
; past ten years and has a wife and family.
« ♦ .
i Death of a Salt Lake Hotel Man.
OAKLAND, July 15.— Mills H. Beards
! ley of Salt Lake City, Utah, who was here
I on a visit with his wife, died at the resi
dence of Seth F. Morrell at Piedmont last
i night. Deceased was a .native of Ohio,
! aged 64 years. The remains will be for
warded to Salt Lake City, Where de
ceased ,is at one time a prominent hotel
. proprietor.
Old Conductor Passes Away.
OAKLAND, July Albert Carter,
aged 82 years, and for the past twenty
! five years a resident of this city, died last
: night at, 116 Broadway. He was at one
time a conductor on i..«e Boston, Lowell
: and Concord Railway, holding the position
for thirty years. lie was a member of
the sonic order and leaves a widow and
one son, residing here.
Engagement Announced.
OAKLAND, July 15.— engagement
has been -announced of Miss Matilda Gur
nett, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. William J.
Gurnett of 464 Twentieth Street, to Alfred
G. Swain of 1505 Tenth avenue. The wed
ding will take place in the near future.
Death of an Old Resident.
OAKLAND, July 15.— Mrs. Anne Mc
i Menanlm died at her home on Franklin
street this aftprnon. The deceased was
: 78 years old and has lived in Oakland
I forty-eight years.
Alameda Athletes at Outs.
. ALAMEDA, .Ttilv 15.— The meeting last
evening to organize an athletic club to
succeed the Encinal Recreation Club was
, not a success. Although 114 of the mem
bers of the old organization were Invited
; to participate less than a dozen responded.
| Considerable 111-feeling has resulted from
i the insinuation in the Invitations that some
of the members of the lamented Encinal
Club were not to be classed as gentlemen,
and those who wtfe not asked to par
ticipate in last night's meeting have
taken it as a personal Insult and a re
flection on their social standing. Another
i attempt will be made on Thursday night
to get enough Interested parties together
I to form a new club. !Bisti£§
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 16, 1599.
OAKLAND
CUVELLIER IS TURNED
DOWN BY THE PRINCE
There Is No Materialization of the
• . !
Water Scheme,
Collapse of the Elaborate Plan That at One Time
Seemed to Guarantee Relief to
Oaklanders,
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, July 15.
Who undermined Councilman Cuvelller?
Prince Poniatowski changes in tempera
-1 ture. When some of Oakland's enthusi
astic municipal ownership advocates vis
! ited him three months ago he received
; them warmly. According to a report of
the special committee, which will be pre
sented to the Council on. Monday night,
the Prince received the delegates luke
warmly on a subsequent occasion, and,
according to the report of the Mayor,
which forms a part of the committee's re
i port, the Prince now regards Oakland's
, ambition to own its own water supply as
I a dead cold frost.
It Is very significant that while the Blue
Lakes Company refuses to extend any
aid to Oakland In this matter the water
monopoly of this city has just promised
, Its first dividend in five years. The Contra
Costa Water Company is a San Francisco
j corporation, although every cent's worth
of its business is done on this side of the
bay. It Is more than suspected that the
Prince and some of the capitalists who
own the Contra Costa Company met In
San Francisco and agreed among them
selves to force Oakland to bow to Its
monopoly and to snub It for daring to
A WOMAN AX WIELDER
MAKES -A RECORD
Uses Crockery, an Ax and Teeth on
Her Husbi.nd.
OAKLAND, July 15.— Irwin Britton, a
house-cleaner residing at 1050 Linden .
street, was the victim of a vicious attack
I from his wife to-night.. Mrs. Britton was
| in anything but a happy mood to receive '
; him when he returned from his day's la
bors, and his inquiry into the cause of |
' her irritability resulted in Britton being
struck over the left eye with a saucer, j
which inflicted a bad gash. The enraged I
' woman then attacked him with an ax, !
| and when Britton warded off a blow from :
' this weapon and held his wife fast to pre- :
i vent further demonstration of her capa- |
j bility as an ax wielder, she imbedded her
teeth in his shoulder.
With blood flowing copiously from sev
eral wounds Britton rushed from the i
| house, hastening to the Receiving Hos- '.
I pital, where Steward Borchert sewed up I
i the wounds, .which required a number of \
stitches. ' _
CAPTAIN MERRITT'S DEATH.
Was Confined to Home for Two Years
" Subsisting on* Malted Milk.
OAKLAND, July 15.— Captain Stephen
H. Merritt, a respected citizen of this city
for over twenty years, died this morning
at his home, 308 Thirteenth street. .
" He had been confined to his home a
sufferer from stomach troubles the past
two years and for the past nine months
subsisted entirely on malted milk. His
death was due to general debility.
Deceased was a native of Brunswick,
Me. "aged 75 years. He came to Oakland
In 181-5, arriving in charge of the bark
"Vldette, 'the property of the late Or.
Samuel Merritt, his cousin. Captain Mer
ritt made long. voyages from this port to
Australia and South America and also
did a large lumber carrying business up
the coast. The death of his daughter,
about twenty years ago, was followed
closely by his retirement.
Captain Merritt leaves a widow and one
son, Harry Merritt, a San Francisco
architect. He was known as an uncle of
James and Frederick Merritt, nephews of
the late Dr. Merritt, but in reality he
was a cousin of tnelr father.
Leet-Spencer Nuptials.
ALAMEDA. July 15.— Miss Alberta
Spencer of this city and Robert A. Leet of
Oakland were married this afternoon at
the home of the bride's mother, Mrs.
Telia H. Spencer. 1727 Everett street. Rev.
C H Hobart of Oakland performed the
ceremony. Only the Immediate relatives
and' most intimate friends of the contract
ing parties were present. The groom is a
member of the firm of Travers & Leet.
Mr and Mrs. Leet will reside in Alameda.
OLYMPIC CLUB NOTES.
Although this is the season of the year
when the majority of the Olympic Ath
letic CiUb men are in tho country there
is much of interest going on in the big
building on Post street. John A. .Hammer
smith, the leader of the club, has a num
ber of' entertainments in preparation. Fpr
the men there will be a series of ten
round boxing bouts ,on August 4. Mc-
Donald who did so well In the tourna
ment for the Herman Oelrichs trophy, will
meet Gall van, another boxer' of great
' P Orr'the * 23d Inst, a 'ladies'. -.night will be
! NEWS I
I of the Bay Cities §
j§^««***«»**-*^*<t>*<»*<£,^#<*#
ssssssaaass sua »
i presume that It could get a supply of
water on Its own account.
Three months ago Councilman Cuvellier
commenced work on this subject. He was
led to believe by Prince Ponlatowskt and
i his associates that for about five million
dollars an adequate supply of water could**
be brought to the city limits of Oakland.
' Mayor Snow said that it could not be done
: for less than seventeen millions, and now
i the Mayor is almost in the position of
! being able to say, "I told you so." because
the report shows that It could not be un
: dertaken for less than fifteen millions. .
"After the first" meeting with the Prince
no one could be found willing to tell what
had transpired in- conversation with his.
i Highness. But the report shows very plainly
! that somebody had determined to upset
; Mr. Ouve'.lier's worthy plans of. relieving
j Oakland's taxpayers and got in his deadly
work with the Blue Lakes people. Mr.
] Cuvellier does not say in his very Intelli
| gent report who is his enemy, but he be
lieves he can make a very shrewd guess.
This disposes of the municipal question
; for. the present, and it now appears as If
1 Oakland were almost entirely surrounded
' by obstructions preventing her from own
ing a municipal water plant. In the mean
time, the new water schedule is in force
I and dividends are promised by the old
I corporation, while the price of its stock
| is steadily going up.
! held In which there will be a blending of
athletics and music,
Next Tuesday will be Olympic Club
night at the cake walk in Mechanics' Pa
! vilion. The Olympians will appear In box
! ing. wrestling, fencing, pole leaping,
! hurdling and juggling.
_. O. Kragness and Lester Hammer
smith of the Olympic Wheelmen, are on
their way to the South and will ride into
i Mexico before returning.
F. G. Montealegre and L. H. Smith have
gone to the Yosemite on their wheels.
H. V. Ramsdell Is in London on a hur
ried business trip.
The recently ln'alled buffet and bar is
pronounced a successful Innovation, many
•members availing of the opportunity .of
dining ln the club.
FOR HEALTH OF TROOPS.
Strict Sanitary Regulations for the
Volunteer Army at the Presidio.
Orders have been received at depart
ment headquarters from the War Depart
ment directing the Institution of strict
sanitary regulations at the volunteer
camp at the Presidio. The commanding
officer of each camp will be Instructed to
detail from his command two sanitary in
spectorsone from the line, preferably a
major of the regiment, and the other a
regimental medical officer, whose dally
duty It shall be to jointly Inspect the
regiment, Inquiring into the general police
of the company quarters and streets, the
kitchens, the food, its preparation, qual
ity and methods of serving, and making
to the regimental commander a brief re
port of any unsanitary conditions they
may discover. This report to be forward
ed the same day to the medical Inspector
of the army at department headquarters.
General Shafter, accompanied by his
aid. Major Noble, will go .to Pacific Grove
this morning at the invitation of the
Chautauqua Society, before which he will
lecture to-morrow night,
Lieutenant Thomas W. Darrah has been
ordered to Vancouver barracks, where he
will report to Lieutenant Colonel Plum
mer as adjutant of the new Thirty-fifth
Volunteer Regiment. ' . .....;:7"
NEW DRUGGISTS.
State Board of Pharmacy Issues
Many Licenses.
. The State Board of Pharmacy closed Its
five/ days' session at the Affiliated Col
leges yesterday. William Searby was re
elected president and Sam L. Waller sec
retary and treasurer.
The following were granted registration
as licentiates upon examination: Charles
S. Kellev, William H. Stark, L. A. Men
delson, J. R. Callahan, A. Fornerls, R. L.
Prouty, O. S. Scholz. XV. A. Magulre. J. J.
1 Adams, O. Eastland, R. A. Norman and
I EC. Worth. ' __
Registered upon credentials— Charles P.
I Collins. George W. Voss, V. L. Schaffer,
G. B. Wilson, C. J. Delta. R. R. Glffen, E.
j Spagnoli, H. C. Moore. E. O. Webb, A.
! Splro, F. L. Volberg. John M. Waste. N.
'F. Sellgren. M. Carlberg, XV. C. Rlddell,
| and W. M. Hickman. j
License granted assistant pharmacists!
on credentials: H. A. Hornung and R. T.
Eaton. ■"■'.','' ■ ,_ ,» -
Assistants by examination— H. M. Jew
ell, T. B. Ingram, R. Herndon and T. B.
Thomas. - _ _■- _ ' ■
A New Wage Scale.
At the last meeting of the Cement
Workers' Union a regular wage scale was
agreed upon. The new scale will go into
effect on ; August 1. but all members of
the union having contracts running be
yond that date will be permitted to finish
the job under the rate previously, agreed
upon. The scale Is as follows : Eight
hours to constitute a day's work; finish-
Berkeley:
ers' wages $4 per day; helpers and labor
ers, $2 50 per day; apprentices, $150 per
day; all workers to be paid In ' full at
least once each week. It is further stipu
lated that no member will work on any
Jobs where non-union men are employed
In any capacity. The members of the
union do not expect to meet with any
serious opposition in the enforcement of
the new scale. ' -;
Wl}at Society Is Doing. I
A surprise party was ' given to Miss |.
Pearl Gunsauls last Thursday evening at j
the residence of her parents, 1551 1 .. Market ,
street. Among those present were: Miss .
Lillie Hennlng, Tillie Macphee, Annie Gal
lagher, Mlna Hockenberry, Pearl Gun- j
sauls, Mac Gallapher. Louie Btirnham, j
Eddie Miller, Bert Zollinger, Harry Veer
hies, Charlie Qulntero, Joe O'Brien and i
little Lulu and Herbert Gress. !
A party was given on Saturday after- |
noon, the Ist, by Mr. and Mrs. John C. i
Mel-Wen at their residence, corner cf
Wheeler avenue and Putnam street,
Fruitvale, to their little daughter Jean,
in honor of her sixth birthday. The little
guests present were as follows: Misses
Ivy Bauer, Edith Burt, Rita Bell, Hazel
Nelson, Nellie Blower, Helen Drapei,
Helen Wilson, Mary Wilson, Geraldine!
McCullom. Ailene McKinnon, Katherlne
Jensen, Masters Simon Ratten, Thomas,
Moran and Robert Brown.
On last Sunday evening, July 9, a sur
prise party was tendered to Miss Millie
Pass at the residence of Mrs. Wray, 1215
Pacific street. Among those present were:
Mrs. Wrav, Grace Hanna, Jennie Clarke,
Belle Herold, Millie Fass, Ray Jacobs,
Rose Fass, Lena Schnepple. Marion
Hanna. Hilda .Winter, Mr. and Mrs. J.
Kramer, Mr. and Mrs. Herrington,
Phoebe and Maggie Pheall, Flora Frank
lin. J. Griffin, J. Glndroff, J. Jacobs, S.
Jacobs, George Brenner, A. Davis, Fred
Schnepple, E. Schnepple. Clarence Smith,
George Schnepple. S. Fass. E. Brown. Mr.
Martin-, Mr. Johnson, Lieutenant Hum
phreys, Lieutenant Spencer and Mike
Manning. ....
A jolly party of young people left the
city last Tuesday morning for a bus ride
to " Burllngame. Among those present
were: Miss Blanche Reed, Miss TessLs
Doran, Miss Nonie' Hey wood. Miss Nellie
Lynch, Miss Aggie Dalton, Miss Kitty
Sullivan. Miss Josie McCarthy. Miss Liz
zie Lynch. Miss R.isie Walsh. Ed Thomp
son, Frank Stetson. H. Gallagher, T. Don
ovan. J. Wallace, M. Fitzgerald, J. Grant,
Ed McCarthy. G. Allen, M. Ford, L. To
land and A. McCarthy.
The following Californians sailed from
New York for Europe per Hamburg-
American liner Phoenicia on the 11th Inst.:
Miss Ida Decker, Mrs. Jurgens, Mr. and
Mrs. XV. Crlchton.
The following Californians sailed from
New York for Europe per Hamburg-
American liner Graf Waldersee on the
15th Inst.: Professor James O. Grirfln and
wife Mrs. Mary North, Miss Florence
North. Mrs. S. H. Spalsbury, Miss Flor
ence B. Whittier, Mrs. Laura Sisson. Miss
Slsson Dr. and Mrs. Emil Deckert and
children, Mrs. D. yon Gerichten, Miss A.
yon Gerichten. Miss Lieda O'Brien, H.
Marquardt, Mrs. B. Frledlander, Master
Jacob Friedlander. Master Grover Fried
lander, Mrs. P. Nansen and Eileen Bal
four. •
Mr. and Mrs. M. V. Masson will cele
brate their silver wedding anniversary on
July 23 at their residence, 1477 Fifteenth
street, where they will be pleased to see
their friends f*»om 2 to 7 p. m.
Mrs. C. Purcell gave a birthday party
on July 13 in honor of her little daughter
Carrie and her two cousins, Amelia Roth- j
well of Sacramento and Amy McGrady of
Los Gatos.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert O'Day gave a de
lightful dinner last Wednesday evening
at their residence, 435 Fulton street, in
honor of Al Neill. Those present were:
Mr. and Mrs. Robert O'Day, Mrs. E.
Lyons, the Misses May and Kathryn
Ryan. Al Neill. Mrs. Monnler, Al O'Day
arid Nalli? Lyons.
_:
Deputy Grand Master.
Grand Master Ferdinand Levy of New
York, the head of the Independent Order
of the Sons of Benjamin, has, appointed
H. L. Springer of California Lodge of this
city district deputy grand master for San
Francisco.
THE GOLDEN JUBILEE.
What the Celebration Is to Be Out
lined by the Reports of
Committees.
The Golden Jubilee committee of the
Independent Order of Odd Fellows at Its
meeting last night received from M. T.
Moses, Fred Fillmore. Charles Stallman,
E. L. -Read and Eugene Brackett, the
committee on exercises, a report, of which
the following Is a synopsis:
On the evening of the first day, Oc
tober IS, there will be a general recep
tion reunion and promenade concert
at Mechanics' Pavilion. That a portion
of that evening be devoted to the lit
erary and other appropriate exercises,
which shall consist of short addresses
by the Governor of the State and
Mayor of the city and by prominent
members of the order suitable to the
occasion, and the reading of an orig
inal poem and the rendition of two or
three vocal musical numbers by pro
fessional talent of a high order.
On each side of the main floor of the
Pavilion but outside of the rows of
posts, or pillars, there will be erected
booths, twelve in all. which shall be
apportioned to the different districts
in each branch of the order, which
booths shall be used as general head
quarters by the respective districts for
the accommodation, reception and en
tertainment of friends and visitor."!
from interior and city lodges.*
Prizes will be offered for the best->>
decorated booth. The booths shall be .
kept open during the entire time of the
celebration, that they might serve as
a meeting place and rendezvous for
members of the order and their
friends.- ..•.;-*":''-•*;';:>
The second day shall be devoted to
a grand parade in the forenoon and to
! competitive drills at the Pavilon In the
evening by cantons of the Patriarchs
Militant and by Rebekah drill corps.
The third day will end with a grand
ball at the Pavilion at night.' In the
daytime there will be an excursion to
El Campo. *■ ' • :•'.'.' . -,
The lodges of San Joaquin County
are arranging to come to San Fran
cisco on one of the river steamers, and
contemplate making the steamer their
headquarters for the three days of the
' celebration. They also report that
they will come down four or five hun
dred strong, including the Rebekah
Drill Corps and the subordinate lodges
of Stockton. «#£ -
The reception committee will meet on
next Wednesday to arrange details. Next
Tuesday the Reb-kahs* committees will
meet with the parade committee to dis
cuss the subject of floats.
Frank D. Worth and Charles T. Wiswell
of the -parade committee reported * that
they had. Issued a circular to all lodges
asking, the appointment of an energetic
committee to act in the matter of arrang
ing for ' each lodge to take part in the
parade. - . ,
_. _. Remy of the hotel committee an
nounced that his committee would shortly
present a report as to what accommoda
tion can be obtained for visitors.
FATHER BRENNAN HONORED.
St. Patrick's Parish Present Him
With a Purse.
Yesterday a. committee from St. Pat
rick's Parish journeyed to Menlo Park
for the purpose of presenting the Rev.
John Brennan. who was recently appoint
ed to the rectorship of the Church of the
I Nativity at that place, with a substantial
j purse as a testimonial of their apprecia
l tion of his work while at St. Patrick's.
Father Brennan was deeply moved by
the evidence of esteem In which he is
held by the people among whom he had
I labored for the past ten years, and In
! accepting the gift he in touching words
dwelt on the strong ties of friendship
that had been formed between him and
i the parishioners of St. Patrick's.
The following composed the committee:
John Devenney. chairman; T. J. O'Brien,
! secretary; F. J. Sullivan, treasurer; J.
| Gately. XV. T. Flynn, J. F. O'Brien. J. C.
i O'Connor. P. Mulcare, E. McDevltt. R.
j Purcell, D. McCoy, John Cronin. T. 1..
! Doran, Misses Nellie O'Brien, Lena Hold
! en, Agnes Gately, Genevieve Sullivan.
Delia McDermott. Mary Dunn, Radhn,
Conlln and Sarah Doherty. ■
Father Brennan was also presented
I with a beautiful monstrance by the Chil
| dren of Mary and a handsome gift by the
i Sodality Choir, organized by him.  ;
TO CONFER REGARDING
ALASKA BOUNDARY
Secretary Hay Will Meet American
Members of the Joint High
r. i
Commission.
WASHINGTON, July 15.— There-will be
an. important conference between Secre
tary Hay and the American members of
the British High Joint Commission on
Tuesday or Wednesday at the State De
partment regarding the Alaskan bound
ary. -..,•":'--•-'' -':
Secretary Hay received a dispatch to
day from Senator Fairbanks informing
him of the Senator's arrival at Hot
Springs, Ark., on his way to Washington.
Special Reciprocity Commissioner Kas
son will be here next week: Former Sec
retary of State John XV. Foster arrived
in the cltv to-day and was In consulta
tion with Secretary Hay this afternoon.
•Former Senator Faulkner also will be
here. ■'■;■ "■'-'■*■•:"••
At this meeting will be decided the pro
cedure of the administration with respect
to questions In the negotiations between
the United States and Great* Britain re
garding Canada.
I was informed to-day that so far as
the department had been advised Lord
Salisbury had not yet submitted his an
swer to the American proposition regard
ing the location of the boundary between
Alaska and Canada, presented more
than three weeks ago. There Is no ex
pectation that the High Joint Commis
sion will assemble early next month.
Secretary Hay. I learned to-day. has de
cided to delay his request for a postpone
ment of the date until after the discus
sion of all questions with the American
members of the. commission. It Is nat
urally desired by th? administration that
the controversy should be settled as
promptly as possible, and it may be de
termined to endeavor to reach such set
tlement by direct negotiation.
NEGROES ORGANIZE
TO AID FILIPINOS
Uprising of the Colored Race Against
the Washington Adminis
tration.
BOSTON, July 15.— The Post will say
to-morrow: An uprising of the colored
race against the administration at
Washington is being organized in Bos
ton. This is the seat of the movement
that Is being prepared wherever the
colored people are populous. The insti
gators assert that it will mean the
downfall of McKinley, imperialism and
the Republican party.
' The object of this organization is a
revolt at the ballot-box. But there are
those among Its supporters who would
willingly take part in an armed up
rising, and who, were it possible,
would offer their strength to aid the
Filipinos in their struggle for indepen
dence.
On Monday evening the first meeting
of the Boston Colored Auxiliary of the
I National Anti-Imperialist League will
I be held in St. Paul's Baptist Church,
Tremont and Camden streets. Dr.
Jerome W. Wiley of Washington, D.
C, a writer on negro sufferings and
president of the Auxiliary movement,
came from the seat of government last
week and. had several conferences with
Edward Atkinson and Irving Winslow,
preparatory to the work of organiza
tion. It has now been decided to es
tablish these branches all over the land,
and it is said the support of almost
the entire colored population will be
given to the movement.
WANT A GOLD STANDARD.
Resolutions Adopted by the New
York State Bankers.
ALEXANDRIA BAY. N. V., July 15.—
The State Bankers' Association to-day
adopted the following resolution:
That we approve and ask the adoption
by Congress of the following changes in
our currency, laws:
First— That all the obligations of the
United States shall be. paid in gold coin,
standard value. | .•:*••: :-^:t : .
Second— That legal tender notes, when
redeemed by the Government, shall not ba
reissued except on deposit of gold coin.
Third— That national banks shall be al
lowed to take out notes to the par value
of Government bonds deposited with the
Treasurer of the United States, at a fair
rate of taxation.
POOR RATIONS SUPPLIED.
Discharged Seamen of the Battleship
lowa Complain. ,
SEATTLE, July 15.— Twelve discharged
sailors of the battleship lowa, who left
to-night for Brooklyn, N. V., say they
will lay before Secretary Long a com
plaint regarding the ration issued aboard
the lowa. They claim it is inferior to the
one intended by the Navy Department to
be issued. It is stated that men have de
serted on account of the ration. ":.f-
Brings Stranded Miners.
SAN DIEGO. July 15.— A report is cur
rent to-night that the Mexican gunboat
Democrata has arrived at Ensenada. hav
ing on board a large, number of prospect
ors who became stranded at the San
Rogue placers.' Up to midnight the report
is not confirmed.
HAD RIGHT TO DEFEND
HONOR WITH A POKER
OAKLAND, July -Robert Canfleld, a laborer, residing at 814 Twenty-
second street, to-day poses as the heroic defender of the honor of his
family against the Intrusion of William Ashley, a grocer at Thirty-
sixth and Grove streets, whom he nearly beat to death with a poker a
• . few days ago, the particulars of which were published in The Call at
In the Police Court to-day Canfleld was purged of the accusation of as-
sault with a. deadly weapon. On the witness stand he told a straightforward
story. He reiterated the details of how he had long suspected Ashley, tne
aged grocer, of escorting his wife to San Francisco on pleasure trips and mak-
ing love to her at his nome. He narrated how he had been lying In wait under
his house longing for Ashley to appear, and finally-when the aged lover did
materialize-how he beat him over. the head with a stove poker and threw
him out of his parlor. Aside from this the testimony of the prosecution was
so marvelouslv weak that Deputy District Attorney Harris, who c™™*™
the hearing for the people, moved a dismissal. The able prosecutor held th at
■under the evidence presented it wou-d be next to an impossibility to ' *eun-e i a
conviction of Canfleld in the Superior Court. Ju'ge Smith expressed himself
of the same opinion and forthwith discharged tho man.
'■-.'.^:->. ; -;'. ; -:?.-.'--'.'':i_____(8EB!
FRANCE IS SAFE
FROM ROYALISTS
Danger to the Republic
Has Disappeared.
— ♦ — .
SHOWN BY THE CELEBRATION
— ♦ —
ACQUITTAL OF DREYFUS A FORE
GONE CONCLUSION.
•
However, the Process of Vindication
Will Be Drawn Out Through
Three Long Weeks Befora . .
a Decision Is Beached.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RENNES. France, July Maltro
Demange interviewed Captain Dreyfus
to-day from 10 till 1 o'clock, after which
Madame Dreyfus visited her husband for
several hours. On leaving the prison she
was greeted by seventy Rennes society
ladles who had assembled to testify their
sympathy with her.
NEW YORK. July 15.— A Sun cable from
Paris says: Yesterday's uneventful cele
bration of the national holiday seems to
mark the disappearance of danger to tne
republic in connection with the Dreyfus
affair. All those connected with the con
spiracy have completely lost courage, and
now there Is small reason to fear oppo
sition to the re-establishment of justice
In France. „ , _. :
Public opinion has been sufficiently en
lightened so that it is no longer possible
for the Merclers. Bolsdeffres or Zurhndens
to appeal successfully to the popular pas
sions. They are now chiefly engaged in
attempt! to save what they can of their
ruined reputations.
'The result of the trial is universally re
garded as a foregone conclusion, and the
dragnet inquiry which .the Government
has apparently decided to make in order
to once more silence such malicious fools
as M. Quesnay de Beaurepaire seems al-
most unnecessary. .:-: -".;-
It is both hopeless and absurd to im
agine that any genuine fresh evidence of
guilt will be forthcoming after Wie vin
dictive conspirators have sought in vain
for five years. .
• It seems inevitable, however, that the
process of vindication will be drawn out
through three long weeks Before Dreyfus
Is legally proclaimed an innocent victim
of the blackest conspiracy of the age.
claims the estate
of a dead klondiker
Chicago Woman Learns of the Pass
ing of a Man Believed to Have
Been Her Husband.
CHICAGO, July 15.— Mrs. Josephine
Sutton, 3214 Forest avenue, has entered
a claim for a $350,000 estate left by a
miner who perished in the Klondike
about two months ago and, according
to information received to-day from
Washington, she stands a good chance
of securing the fortune.
The dead man is supposed to have
been her husband, W. H. Sutton, who
left Chicago two years ago for the
gold country and has never been heard
of since until Mrs. Sutton read of his
death in the papers. _ '
Mrs. Sutton communicated with the
State Department, forwarding a min
ute description of her husband. A de
scription of the dead miner was also
! received from James McCook. United
■ States Consul General at Dawson City,
and the two descriptions tally so close
ly that there is little doube that the
dead man was Mrs, ..Sutton's husband.
'. If the authorities at Dawson City are
! convinced of the genuineness of Mrs.
! Sutton's claims. Consul McCook will be
i instructed to at once take steps to put
her in .possession of the estate.
MALAY FANATICS RUN
AMUCK ON A SHIP
Six Persons Killed and Thirteen
Wounded by a Native
and His Son.
VICTORIA, B. C, July 15.— A. hor
rible case of "running amuck" recently
occurred at Singapore, on board the
steamer Pontianak. Two Malays, fath
er- and son, ran about the s£ip with
daggers, stabbing every one in reach,
while the cry of "amok" rang through
the ship. Captain Koenig brought
down the old fanatic with a bullet, but
not until the two Malays had killed six
persons and wounded thirteen others.
The Japanese Government has de
cided to purchase a portion of the Hok
kalgo Tauko Railway and the whole of
the Kobu Railway and operate them.
The cost will be 35,000,000 yen.
A plot has been discovered in Seoul
for the dethronement of the Emperor
in favor of Prince Vi Chun You. The
conspiracy was the result of recent dy
namite outrages. The object is sup
posed to have been the murder of those
Ministers of State who advocated the
restoration of the ancient and bar
barous system of punishing the rela
tives of political offenders.
FRENCH FIGHT ITALIANS.
| Affrays. in Which Several Men Are
. Fatally Wounded.
PARIS. July 15.— A conflict between
Frenchmen and Italians occurred, at
' Aubagne, a town ten miles east of Mar
seilles, on Thursday. During the fighting
a Frenchman was stabbed by an Italian
and the latter subsequently was killed
Iby an infuriated mob. Yesterday, at the
close of an Italian open-air concert, a
voting Frenchman was stabbed by an
Italian. Gendarmes were summoned from
Marseilles to assist in subduing the
Italian population of the place. .
i CANE A Island of Crete. July 10-— An
affray occurred here last evening be
tween French and Italian soldiers in
I which four of the combatants were in
-1 lured One Frenchman and one Italian
; are in a dying condition as a result of
< wounds received during the fight. Other
I serious affrays took place L
Newark on Way -Torth. -.-."•
WASHINGTON. July 15.-The Newark
1 sailed yesterday from Coquimbo for
! Inuinue on her way north to San b ran
cleo The Glacier has arrived at Manila
, with a cargo of refrigerated meat. The
Bennington has sailed from Hongkong
j for Manila.
1314
LATEST FRATERNAL NEWS.
ORDER EASTERN STAR.
About thirty members of the Order of
the Eastern Star left on last Friday for
an excursion to Lake Tahoe. The party
will return to-morrow. The, excursionists
were under the chaperonage of Grand
Secretary Mrs. Kate J. Wlllats.
Golden Gate Chapter at its last held
meeting received petitions .from parties
desiring to become members. At the
close of the meeting the worthy J matron
surprised the members by inviting them
to a feast of strawberries and cream.
Olive Branch Chapter on last \\ ednes
day initiated three candidates and elected
B The worthy grand matron will pay an
official visit to Mission Chapter on the
night of the 226. ; ,
THE ODD FELLOWS.
District Deputy T. P. Woodward, as
sisted by a full staff of officers. installed
the following officers of Bay City Lodge
last Tuesday night: Samuel Meyer. N.
C L. Jonas. V. G. ; Theodore Stelner,
R S ; Albert Steiner, F. S.; M. Goldman,
P G W.; O. I. Wise, C; Louis Cook, I.
G.; L. Schultz, O. G.; Thomas Flam. P.
G.. R S. N. G.; J. Wehle, L. S. N. (*.*. H.
Newburgh. 11. S. V. G.; L. I^wengrund.
L S. V. ».: L. W. Greenhood, R. S. 8..
L. M. Menaelson, L. S. B.
Deputy Grand Master L. Kragen and
staff installed the following named offi
cers of Sargent Lodge: George £> Han
na, N. G.; George W. Montelth V. «'.
George W. Dixon, R. S. (re-elected).
Alexander Hay. F. S. (re-elected); Mark
Newman. A. P. G. The retiring noble
grand, Dr. M. Neumann, was presented
by George XV. Dixon on behalf of the
lodge with a beautiful past grand jewel.
After the ceremonies there was a social
hour and cigars. ... „ _____________ n ,
Last Tuesday the following officers of
Unity Lodge were installed by District
Deputy Flint and staff. San Francisco
Canton Patriarchs Militant assisting by
their presence: C. R. Thatcher. P. N.
G Will J- French. N. G.; W. W. Barnes,
V. G.; R. L. Simpson. R. S.; S. G Cheev
er. F. S.; G. W. Lemont, T. ; R. A. Mohr,
R. S. N. C; E. Archer. L. S. N. G.; ft,
J. Davis, R. S. V. G.; J- W. McDonald,
L S. V. G. After the ceremonies there
were a number of interesting and in
structive addresses.
THE REBEKAHS.
On the evening of the Sth inst. Califor
nia Rebekah Lodge had a very enjoyable
social In its hall in the Odd Fellows'
building. It was given under the au
spices of Miss Sarah Harris, as chairman
of the committee on social hour, and in
addition to a good programme of dances
there was presented for the pleasure of
the friends present, as well as members,
specialties by little Goldie Harris and
coon songs by Miss Georgle Hadley. both
of whom did" remarkably well. The offi
cers of this lodge will be installed on the
evening of the 22d inst. ■_- :•'-- *-■■•
A number of the members of Amity
Lodge and a number from Mission Lodge
have established camp near San Anselmo
and expect to remain in the wood for two
months. The former has eight and the
latter two tents. -
Oriental Rebekah Lodge has under con
sideration a proposition to get up an old
clothes party.
Charles F. O'Neil, a prominent member
of Loyal Rebekah Lodge, who is known
as the' "pet of the ladles," Is in Yosemite
Valley spending his vacation. Rumor ha
lt in Rebekah circles that he may not re
turn alone.
ANCIENT ORDER WORKMEN.
Last Tuesday night the following offi
cers of Unity Lodge were installed in pub
lic by Deputy Cunninham, assisted by E.
T. Spencer as guide and a full corps of
past masters: H. J. Trowbridge. P. M.
W. ; Robert C. Ross, M. XV.; M. Levy, F.;
R. G. Knoblau, O. ; H. Grimshaw, Rec;
W. Tuggey, Fin.; Edward Lawton, Recv.;
U. Riese, G.; G. A. Nylander, I. W., and
J. F. Stenberg. O. XV. At the close of the
ceremony there was a short programme
for the entertainment of the many ladies
who were present with escorts, which in
cluded sketches by the Waterman Sisters,
piano solo by Miss M. Davis, fancy dan
cing by little Miss Burke and specialties
by M. "Van Kemp. Then followed a pro
gramme of dances under the direction of
the new officers who constituted the com
mittee of arrangements. All who were
there had a very pleasant time.
Triumph Lodge NO. 180, A. O. U. W.,
had Its officers installed last Tuesday
night by District Deputy Jo%n Herringa,
assisted by C. M. Moe as guide and a
number of past masters. The new offi
cers are: w. F. Smallman, P. M. XV.; J.
W. Vendryes, M. XV.; F. R. Margetts, F.;
D. B. Richards, O; J. H. Cattran, Rec;
Daniel Sewell, Fin.; Fred Alves, Recv.;
C. R. Holton, G.; T. P. West, I. W.; Wil
liam Snow, O. W. The induction into
office was followed by a jolly good time by
members and their friends, who kept it up
until midnight. A very' fine cake was pre
sented to the retiring master workman
by the wife of the newly installed one.
"On Tuesday night District Deputy
Blackman, with E. F. Joy as guide and
a number of acting grand officers, in-,
stalled the following as the officers of
Valley Lodge for the current term: J. C.
Sharp, P.*M. W. : C. E. Thurston, M. XV.;
J. P. H. Gedge, foreman: J. F. Murphy,
overseer: L. Mil helso'n, guide; J. Gabriel,
I. W.; O. Erlckson, O. W.; J. M. Camp,
financier; J. W. McCarthy, receiver;
Thomas H. Lord, recorder; trustees, E. F.
Joy, J. G. Underwood, S. D. Thurston.
The installation was for members of the
order only and was held In the Laurel
Hall of the Shiels building, and there were
present a large number of visitors. After
the work of the evening there was an en
joyable programme made up of the fol
lowing numbers: Mind reading, M. Baltf
mere; musical selections, Messrs. Palmer
and Michaels; specialties. J. Devlin; vocal
selections, Messrs. Klien and Denman;
specialties, Messrs. Devlin and Henry,
and comic sayings, by J. Edwards. Light
refreshments and cigars were passed
around during the evening.
During the past week Deputy Blackman
installed the officers of Bay View, Golden
West and Prosperity lodges, the latter be
ing a public installation. At each of the
installations there was a good time after
the work.
Grand Representative Barnes returned
from the East yesterday. Grand Repre
sentative Danforth will return about the
22d Inst.
Mrs. Kate M. Poland, grand recorder,
on last Thursday instituted a new lodge
of the Degree of Honor at Sutter Creek,
and on her return to this city stopped at
Gait to visit Anita Lodge and instruct the
officers in* the work.
The officers of Ivy Lodge were installed,
last Wednesday night by Miss Loretta
Donnelly, D. D.
NATIVE SONS.
Next Wednesday evening the officers of
Marshall Parlor No. 202 will be installed
ln Washington Square Hall at Stockton
and Union streets and a general invita
. tion is extended to all members of the
order to be on hand to see how the Mar
shall boys look on installation night. The
officers chosfen for the ensuing term are:
Leo Sichel, past president; J. H. Heffer
nan. president; Joseph Rose, David Har
rison and Julius Kullnian. vice presidents;
Joseph Heffernan, marshal; Philip A.
Bill, recording secretary; Charles Louis,
financial secretary; Manuel Farm, treas
urer: Leon Veiller. Arizona Nickel and
Charles Schulz, trustees.
Last Friday night the officers of Ala
meda Parlor of the Native Sons and
those of Alameda Parlor of the Native
Daughters had a joint installation in En
clnal Hall and at the close of the cere
monies there was a pleasant social even
ing.
Pacific Parlor has arranged for a ladies'
night in the banquet hall of the Native
Sons' building on the IMb inst.
Grand Organizer J. A. Steinbach is or
ganizing a parlor at Pinole and one at
Crockett.
The officers of Bay City Parlor were in
stalled last Wednesday night by Deputy
j J Handley. after which there was a
feast for hungry Native Sons and a flow
of reason at a restaurant in the vicinity.
There will be a minstrel show In Na
tive Sons' Hall on the night of the 2d of
August to raise money to swell the fund
that is to be used in giving the returning
Californians a fitting reception.
NATIVE DAUGHTERS.
During the Fourth of July parade at
Merced a number of fraternal orders were
represented and each displayed a float.
The most beautiful in line was that of
Veritas Parlor of that place, and it was
awarded the prize offered. The local pa
cers in describing the float declared that
it was the swell feature of the parade.
' The new parlors recently Instituted In
Sacramento have been named Sutter and
La Bandera. Sutter 'Parlor is numbered
111 and . was organized by. Mrs. Lottie
Moose and instituted by Grand President
Mrs. Emma Gett. assisted by members of
Calida Parlor No. *j 22. with forty- nine
charter members. Miss Rose Kent Is the,
president and Mrs. Lottie Moose record
ing secretary. , "_
Eschscholtzla- Parlor No. 112 was insti
tuted at Etna Mills, Siskiyou County,
last Friday night. . ' . ,
Las Lomas Parlor, N. D. G. XV., assisted
by Hesperian Parlor, N. S. G. XV., will on
the night of Friday, the 28th ins;., give .1
cascarone party in Mission Parlor Hall.
Mrs. J. A. Steinbach, D. D. <:. P.. assist
ed by Mrs. G. Baker, Installed the officers
of Oro Fino Parlor on the night of th*_>
Bth Inst. The retiring past president was
the recipient of a handsome pin.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
The following named are the latest ad
ditions to Golden Gate Camp No. 64, ad
mitted by initiation: Charles J. Anderson,
Max Conn. Phil J. Coman. A. A. d'An
cona, James Gannon, F. G. Graves.,
George A. Holden. J. M. Kenny, W. 11.
Lacy. Joseph Mogan, A. F. Reiff, Joseph
Rimllnger, George XV.. Thomas, Conrad
Wagner and J. J. Welch. It Is expected
that at the next meeting of this camp
twenty-four more strangers will be ad
mitted. , -, . ,
After a short business meeting of Golden
Gate Camp last Monday night the social
committee took charge and to the two.
hundred or more neighbors and friends
who were present there was given a pro
gramme of entertainment that has seldom
been equaled In a fraternal organization.
The numbers were: Fencing bout, Profes
sor Tronchet and G. H. Hammersley; ex
hibition of juggling and balancing, Robert
E. Lee; barytone solo, A. Lafaille; wrest
ling contest. O. Williams and J. Splro;
single stick exercise, Professor Tronchet
and P. Serre; coon songs. M. Giannetti;
club swinging, George C. Rouse: two
three-round boxing bouts, Al Doyle and
Charles Galllvan and F. Ast and G. b.
Vlclnl; instrumental selections, Professor
Weisel.
During the month of June 1080 new
members were received into the various
camps of the Pacific jurisdiction of the
Woodmen of the World, bringing the total
membership up to 43,169.
At the last held meeting of Camp Tam
alpals the following officers were installed
for the current term: Dr. M. B. Estes,
P. C. C; Dr. A. L. Hill. C. C; A. A.
Perrin, A. .L.; F. L. Miller, B.; M. B.
Estes, C; H. M. Greene, A. ■*'.: F. A.
Maestrettl; E.; F. J. Kelley. W.; J. F.
Green, E. Strohmelr and T. J. Mahoney,
managers The installing officer was
Head Adviser D. Fahey. This camp has
been quite active of ii\c. and the new
officers expect soon to add to the mem
bership.
The report of the recent picnic given by
the local camps at Sunset Park shows
that the camps disposed of tickets as
follows: Golden Gate 485, Redwood 257,
Western Addition 177, Tamalpais 14«, Mis
sion 142. Calumet 129 and Richmond 86.
The officers of Golden Gate Camp will
be installed to-morrow night.
WOMEN OF WOODCRAFT.
The following named officers of Cali
fornia Circle, Women of Woodcraft, will
be installed next Friday night in Native
Sons' building: Mary A. Perrin, grand
neighbor; Annie Steel, adviser; Mrs. M.
B. Estes, past grand neighbor; Alice Per
rin, magician; Mrs. Cameron, attendant;
Mrs. N. McCann, banker; Mrs. Reed, .
musician; Mrs. Tread well, Mrs. Dodge
and Mrs. Green, managers; Miss May
Walsh, Inside. sentinel; Mrs. Mattle Mc-
Yen, outside sentinel.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF HONOR.
The following Installations are an
nounced: July 19, Magnolia Lodge; 24, '■
Bay City Lodge: 27, Golden Rule Lodge,
and 28. Martha Lodge. The officers of
Starr Lodge of Sonora were installed last
Thursday.
The Installation of the officers of \erba
Buena Lodge at San Jose was a most In
teresting event. The installing office! was
Deputy Mrs. E. R. O'Donnell, assisted by '
Grand Protector Whitten, Deputy Grand
Protector O'Donnell. Grand Secretary H. ,
W. Quitzow, Mrs. Emma Qultzow and
Grand Guide Mrs. E. J. Colombet. The :
work was performed in a very creditable :
manner. This lodge is doing well and has
prospects of. great advancement. After
the work there was a banquet, at which
Past Protector D. J. Galraud was toast
master. There were a number of toasts
and responses appropriate to the occasion
by those named and by members of the
lodge. After the supper there was danc
ing until the morning hours.
Last week the officers of Marion Lodge
of Valiejo were installed by Deputy Mrs.
Marlon G. Perry of that place and or
ganizer of the lodge. There were present
a number of the grand officers and mem-'
bers of the San Francisco lodges. During
the evening there was presented to the
lodge by the deputy a gavel and block
made from the ruins of a gun-carriage of
one of the Spanish vessels captured in
Manila Bay by Admiral George Dewey.
The new officers are: C. E. Phelan, P. P.;
Bert Wheeler, P.: C. Whltthorne V. P.;
Mrs. Lizzie Hallin, C; J. J. Hurley. F.
and R. X.; M. J. Geary, T.; Mrs. C. Van
Dorn, G. ; Mrs. Minnie Wood. S.: Mrs.
Helen Wheeler, ' guardian; Miss Lillian
Perry, organist. During the evening there
was a grand entertainment of the visitors
and members and It was kept up until a
lato hour. .
. FORESTERS OF AMERICA.
During the past week officers of courts
Aurora, Yerba Buena, Stanford, Golden
Gate, Robin Hood Jr., Pride of Califor
nia and Bay City of this city were in
stalled with all the ceremonies of the or
der, and during the same period Henry
Haab installed the officers of Harmony
in Oakland, and those of United States
of America were also installed In Oak
land. . : _ . .
The installation ceremony at Court Au
rora was followed by a welcome home to
George Healing, one of the officers who
had been absent for some time.
At the last held meeting of Court autre
Heights, Recording Secretary Gleadell
was the recipient of a beautiful gold
watch charm emblamatic of the order In
recognition of his services in securing to
the court the greatest number of candi
dates in a given period. He was highly
complimented for the work he had done
and for bis zeal for the order.
COMPANIONS OF THE F. O. A.
During the past week Mrs. Sarah Sto
rey of Philadelphia, supreme chief com
panion, has been making a tour o_ visi
tations to the circles in this city and
across the bay. She has been to Bay
City, Hamlet, Inter Nos and Excelsior,
and Friday night she was tender* a re
ception at Golden Gate Hall by all tin
members of the order in this city and in
Alameda County. On Monday night she
will be the guest* of honor at a banquet
to be tendered her.
The Oakland Circle Social Club will give.
a grand picnic at San Lorenzo Grove on
Sunday, the 23d inst.
Last Wednesday night the officers of
Inter Nos Circle, whose names have al
ready been published, were publicly in
stalled in the social hall of the Alcazar
building in the presence of a large num
ber of people, among them Supreme Chief
Companion Mrs. Storey, Grand Chief
Companion Mrs. Flora Jacobs, Past
Grand Chief Companion Mrs. Emma Har
rington and a number of other officers.
The hall was decorated with exquisite
taste by the members of the circle, and
after the installation and an address by
the highest officer of the order, that lady
was presented by the circle a very pretty
souvenir of San Francisco, being a paint
ing of the Cliff House on a slab of orange
wood. The presentation was followed by
dancing until midnight.
' . FRIENDS OF THE FOREST.
Last Tuesday night the officers of Pio
neer Lodge No. 1 were installed by the
supreme officers in the Foresters' build
ing in the presence of a large number of
people. The new officers are: Lizzie Rose
year, president; M. L. Symonds, vice
(resident; Carrie Johnson, c. ; Carrie
Cruse, T.; Elizabeth M. McLane, i>\ S.;
Cora Wentzel, R. S.; Annie Thompson,
M.; Ida. Young, W.; Minnie Ford, G.;
Margaret Collins, S. ; Laura Stetson. O.;
Mrs. Sholten, Mrs. Boehm and M. Reed,
auditors. At the close of the ceremony
there was an adjournment to the banquet
hall. M. Boehm, on behalf of the ' Su
preme Lodge, presented to Mrs. B. M.
McLane a set. of resolutions expressive
of the appreciation of her work during
her term as supreme president, and In
addition Mrs. Boehm presented to Mrs.
McLane a beautiful collar, symbolic of
her rank in the order. Subsequently Mrs.
Jefferys was by the lodge presented a
collar of her rank as past president of
the lodge. At the banquet Mrs. Boehm
was toast mistress and in response to
her calls there were addresses by Su
.preme President Mrs. Raymond, Mrs.
McLane, past supreme president; Mrs.
Schmail, F. D. Brandon and others. The
banquet was as a compliment to the new
officers and in celebration of the third
anniversary of the Institution of the
lodge. ' .
I INDEPENDENT FORESTERS.
Two deputies are at work in Santa
"'■■■-.-'.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 16, 1899.
Clara Valley establishing two courts and
another deputy" is working on two courts
In Alameda County. As soon as they shall
have been instituted the precise localities
will be given. • •
A new court with a large charter roll
was instituted by Deputy XV. R. Ulcr in
Tucson, Arizona.
The arrangements have been completed
for the trolley parade 'on the 22d iti.t.
There will be twenty-three cars in line, I
all brilliantly illuminated.
SONS OF EXEMPTS.
The sons" of Exempt Firemen at their |
meeting last Monday adopted a silver fire J
front with crossed hook and ladder and
fire cap as a badge and wrote a communi
cation to the Fire Commissioners asking
that the same be recognized as a pass into :
the Tire lines during a fire. The Sons will
give a smoker in the near future.
CALIFORNIA COUNCIL, N. U.
Next Tuesday night California Council j
of the National Union will have a very ;
entertaining meeting, as on that evening
a 'fine gramme will be presented.
THE AMERICAN GUILD.
Supreme Deputy R. W. ' McGarvie has
been In Los Gatos for some time organiz
ing a new chapter of the order ln that
place and at last accounts had succeeded
in securing quite a number of names to a
petition for a charter.
-This order, which has for its head
Charles T. O'Ferrall, who was Governor
of Virginia from 1894 to 1898, added $11,000
to its reserve fund last year, and under
the law of the State of Virginia, in which
it came Into* existence, it has a deposit of
over 525,000 with the State Treasurer.
ORDER OF AMERICUS.
The committee on halls of San Fran
cisco Council No. 14 of the Order of Amer
icus has secured a hall in the Red Men's
building, where there will be a house
warming on the evening of the 17th Inst.
There will be a good programme of enter
tainment after the business of the even
ing.
KNIGHTS OF THE MACCABEES. '
At its last held review San Francisco
Tent has its officers installed. Senior
Past Commander Sir Knight H. L. Tlck
ner being the installing officer: M. B.
Schotield, comamnder; D. B. Richards,
past commander; E. H. Stephens, lieu
tenant commander; Josef I. Manson, phy
sician: A. N. Bowne, sergeant; Theodore
Froiich, record keeper; H. H. Castle,
finance keeper; E. Savery, chaplain; F. L.
Hilmer, master at arms; A. E. Martinelll,
first master of guards; T. White, second
master of guards; J. 11. Sampson, senti
nel; W. B. Greenberg, picket; J^mes H.
Whiteside, armorer; George \. Lerol,
scribe. The new commander then ap
pointed the trustees and several commit
tees for the current term. A review of
the work done by the outgoing, officers
showed a pleasing progress during the
term and they were rewarded by
a vote of thanks for the fidelity
with which- they performed their
respective duties. This tent has se
cured the services of State Deputy Sir
Knight Arbogast. who will devote his
whole time to the tent with a view to
Increase its membership from three to five.
hundred. The next smoker by this tent
will be on the last Friday of the current
month.
Last Tuesday night Golden West Tent
had another of its big meetings, when in
the presence of more than a hundred
members twelve candidates were initiated.
after which Deputy Supreme Commander
J. M. Ermerins installed the following
named officers for the current term: Otto
F. Grundel. P. c.; Luther Elkins, C; G.
C. Freeman. L. C; D. XV. Bates, R. X.;
F. A. Seaman. F. X.; F. H. Lacy, C.; C.
B. Classen, <».: J. A. Dinzler. M. at A.; |
W. R. Mize. first, and L. R. Howard, sec
ond M. of C; J. C. Geisinger, sentinel: G.
i.. Morgan, picket, i The lent, which has j
now more than, 260 members, had on last !
Tuesday eleven applications on file, and it
expects to Increase the membership to j
300 by Tuesday next, when the charter
will close. This tent, which has won a
prize of $75 from the Supreme Tent for j
gain in membership, will soon have en- i
tirely new paraphernalia. ..-.::
Pacific Tent on last Monday night Initi- I
ated two candidates. It Is organizing two :
teams for degree work, one to be under
the command of Commander Ross and the
other of Lieutenant Commander Boyer. ;
This tent has won a prize of $50 from the
Supreme Tent for a gain in membership. '
The Supreme Tent will meet at Port
Huron next Tuesday. Advance reports
show a net increase in the order of 100,000
in the past two years. California ranks
tenth in .membership, with an increase of
2500 in two years. The total membership
Is 380,000.
IMPROVED ORDER OF RED MEN..
Sotoyome Tribe at its last held council j
received two propositions from palefaces, j
who wish to enter the wigwam.
A NOVEL PROCESSION.
Independent Foresters Will Have
Twenty-Three Cars in Line for
a Trolley Ride.
Next Saturday night there will be a
novel procession in this city in the form!
of a line of twenty-three electric cars bear
ing the members of the various courts of i
the Independent Order •of Foresters lo- i
cated in this city. The procession will be
led by the parlor car Hermoso. of the Mar
ket street system. in which will ride the
grand officers of the order with a limited
number of special guests: then will fol- j
low Courts Accasia and San Francisco In
one car. Court Madrone in one car. Courts |
Friar Tuck and Alcyone in one car, Court
Golden Era in one car. Court Golden Gate I
in one car. Court Diana in two cars. Court
Mission in two cars. Court Sutro Heights
in four cars. Court Yerba Buena ln two
cars, Court Noe Valley In one car, Court
Precita in two cars. Court Seal Rock,
Court Endeavorer and Court Apollo in one
car each.
Each car will be brilliantly illuminated !
with electric lights, and the trolley riders
will be taken over the electric roads ex- j
cept the one to Ingleside, and after cross- ■
ing and reorossing Market street in mov- j
ing from one part of the city to the other \
a run will be made to the ocean beach, i
where will be dancing in the pavilion near j
the terminus.
Foresters Install.
The following named officers of Court
America, Ancient Order of Foresters, have i
been stalled for the current term by
Deputy J. G. Aldls, assisted by Deputies
Frederick Zimmerman and M. Morris: C.
11. Stewart, C. R. ; J. Matisy. S. C. R. :
D. Menken. T. : C. Broaksma. F. S. (ninth
term); F. Behnke, R. S. (fourth term);
Frederick Maack, S. XV. ; XV. Monahan; I
J. W.; P. Reichert, S. B. ; S. Matfsy, J. |
B. (third term): William Maack, P. j
Trautwein and Charles Finkeldey. trus
tees; F. Pope. S. Perez, J. J. Minarik. aud- j
itors. Dr. Thomas G. Inman was elected |
physician to till the vacancy caused by j
the resignation of Dr. Kirchhoffer after ,
six years' continuous service. There was
a large attendance and a pleasant even- j
Ing was spent after the installation.
■ ♦ — i
Junior Order Notes.
U. S. Grant Council No. 19 of the Junior I
Order of American Mechanics at its last
held meeting entertained about fifty of
the members of Martha Council of the j
Daughters of Liberty. There was given an !
Interesting programme of entertaining l
numbers. -
This council has a committee at work
arranging for a proper reception of the
members of the order who went to Man- ;
ila with the volunteers and will return
with the First California. There are about
seventy members of the order in that reg
iment, being a greater representation than
any other order has in that body of sol- I
diers. ■■'
The council will give, a social to Its
friends next month.
Golden "West Lodge, I. 0.0. F.
Golden West Lodge, I. O. O. F.. at its
last held meeting resolved to devote the
last meeting night in each month to social
purpose and entertainment and to that
end the following named were appointed
a committee with full power to act: W.
A. S. Nicholson (chairman), XV. F. Dixie,
W. H. Mitchell. Frank Pierce and C. R.
Thrane. The officers of this lodge were
installed by District Deputy Flint and
staff. * • v ■•-...'
Daughters of St. George.
Britannia Lodge No. 7 of the Daughters
of St. George will give a social in Union
square Hall on the night of the 25th inst..
when an excellent programme embracing
many interesting attractions will be pre
sented. -. .-• i.-.'i . : .'_[,/•:■_ '-.-r-. : ;";■;.* ■:,,-.
Advances made on furniture and' pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noona'n., 1017-1023 Mission."
COURT NOTES.
Charles Eberhardt. Ellsworth street,
was yesterday sent to the County Jail for
thirty days by Judge Mogan on the
charge of cruelty to his children. . He had
' taken his wife's gold watch and $10 and
the Judge threatened to give him thirty
days more unless ho returned them to
her. She-was in court and. saved him
from getting the additional sentence. It
took four officers to arrest him.
When the case of Lee Wee Doo. charged
with assault with a deadly weapon upon
Hung Dung Chow, COO Jackson street, was
called in Judge Mogan's court yesterday,
the Judge at once saw that it had been
"squared.'.' He insisted noon the ease
going on. and Ah Sing, the principal wit
ness, who had declared thai he saw the
defendant hit Hung Dung Chow over the
head with an iron bar, could not recol
lect anything about It. The Judge or
dered him Into custody and will probably
have him charged with perjury. The
case was continued until to-morrow.
A warrant was sworn out yesterday In
Judge Mogan's court for the arrest of
Fred Uphoff, 06 Sharon street, on the
charge of cruelty to his two minor chil
dren. He has failed to contribute to their
support for some time and his wife says
he intends to desert her. He got six
months about a year ago for battery
upon his wife*.
When requested, the Resort* ra_ntioned in this column will send you circulars, giving full information regarding special advantages, rates,
manner of reaching them, etc. When writing please mention The Call.
HIGHLAND I!
SPRINGS.
The Great- Sanitarium of the West.
OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR.
New Hotel, elegantly furnished; table un-
surpassed; lighted by electricity.
THOUSANDS CURED BY ITS WATERS
Finest Swimming Tank. Bowling Alley and
Dancing Hall in Lake County, together with
complete Livery Stable, Gentle Saddle Horses
and Ponies.
OVER 30 KINDS OF MINERAL SPRINGS.
Physician In attendance; superb climate;
beautiful mountain scenery; trout, deer and
small game plentiful; magnificent drives;
baths in variety; lawn tennis and croquet.
Reached by the shortest stage route Into Lake
County. Round trip fare from San Francisco
via Hopjand, $8: via Calistoga, $9.
Hotel and cottage rates, $10 to $14 per week.
Take S. F. & N. P. Railway to Hopland. or
S P. R. R. to Calistoga. For illustrated pam-
phlet or further Information address J. CRAIG.
Highland Springs, Lake County, Cal., or see
L. D. CRAIG, 316 Montgomery st
Highland Springs Mineral Waters on sale at
Oakland Pioneer Soda Water Co., Thirteenth
and Webster sts.. Oakland.
AHRENS, PEIN & BULLWINKEL.
620 Post St.. San Francisco.
Tourists Visit
Lick Observatory.
The grandest sight in the
West is from Mt. Hamilton.
Hotel Vendome, San Jose, is
headquarters for' Lick Observ-
atory visitors It is the ideal
spot for summer outing. Wr te
for book that tells all about it.
GEO. P. SNELI, Mgr., San Jose.
HDTSPRINGS
SONOMA COUNTY; ONLY t'i- HOURS
from San Francisco and but '.' miles' stag-
ing; Waters noted for medicinal virtues; best
natural bath in State; swimming and boating;
grand mountain scenery; good trout streams at
door; photographer's room, telephone, tele-
graph, dally mail and express; FIRST-CLASS
HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE; morning and
afternoon stages; round trip from San Fran-
cisco only $."• 50. Take Tiburon ferry at' 7:30
a. m. or 3:20 p. m. Terms, $2 a day or $12 a
week. References, any guest of the past four
years. Patronage constantly Increasing—
year unprecedented. J. F. MULGREW, Prop.
Z.f_WA SPRINGS....
Jack and Jill climbed up a hill
And looked the country over,
Till /Etna did their hopes fu'.lftt.
And there they lived in clover.
Apply W. L. MITCHELL. Manager. Aetna
Springs. Napa County, or J. H. SIMPSON, Odd
! Fellows" bldg.. S. F. ; telephone Mint 1535.
! Sea Beach Hotel
SANTA CRUZ, CAD. •
CALIFORNIA'S FAVORITE RESORT. Lo-
cated on a flowering slope from the beach.
I Unsurpassed view of beach, bay and mountains.
I Salmon fishing, tennis court, croquet grounds
! and music. Reasonable rates. For terms ad-
j dress J- B. PEAKES, Proprietor.
! J. T. BROOKS, Chief Clerk. ■
! HOTEL BELVEDERE
OPEN FOR THE SEASON APRIL L AM-
ple accommodations in Hotel; also in new
j cottages, Just completed. . •'
_vir,s. /-. t. mopRE,
BELVEDERE.
HOTEL MOUNT VIEW,
; A BEAUTIFUL SUMMER RESORT IN ROSS
i VALLEY; now open for guests. For terms
'■ and particulars address MRS. M. I. LEACH,
Ross Valley,. Marin County, Gal. *
BOCA HOTEL.
FINEST HUNTING AND FISHING ON THE
Truckee River; pleasant sunny rooms; £;•">■!
I boating on lake; boats free to guests; prices
i reasonable, $S to $10 per week; special rat) for
families. W. J. MCDONALD, Manager.
SUNNYSIDE FARM.
NEAR BOHEMIAN GROVE AND RUS-
slan River. 2*_ miles from Guerneville.
! Plenty of Fishing and Hunting. An Ideal
Mountain Resort. Terms, $7 per week; chll-
-1 dren under 'l2 years, half price.
SAMUEL TOMBLINSON, Guerneville. Cal. .
MAGNETIC SPRINGS
(Glenwood, Santa Cruz County, Cal.)
THIS FINE RESORT IS FROM NOW ON
open as a first-class summer and . winter
j resort. For particulars apply to the manager.
j Round trip only $2 50 on narrow-gauge route.
"pope house.
IDEAL FAMILY RESORT: ELECTRIC CARS
to beach. ' MRS. A. POPE, Santa Cruz. Cal.
PLEASANT VIEW RANCH.
GOOD FISHING,' HUNTING, BATHING;
fresh milk, ; butter and eggs, fresh fruit.
Terms. $7. E. M. SHEDFORD, Cloverdale,
Cal. Free carriage. ■ •
FERNDALE SPRINGS RESORT 8o ont c a h C a^
ing spot, rest, health; perfect atmosphere: train
to Martinez, stage to hotel. Office 630 Market.
___**—■**■-. ■■' 'V- ,,.-.. :-,■?■■ ■■:-..■
H. N. Callender was sentenced by Judge J
I Treadwell to pay a fine of $50 with the
alternative of twenty-five . days to the
1 County Jail for obtaining money by false
pretenses. He got $15 from. Professor
' inelll on furniture in a restaurant on
Geary street which he wrongfully alleged
belonged to him. The case will be ap
pealed. ' -. ' .
-Charles Dunn, a boy 16 years of age, j
had a charge of assault with a deadly '
I weapon against him dismissed by Judge
Treadwell yesterday. . On the Fourth he
playfully fired blank cartridges from a
■ revolver at Emma Fader on Jessie street.
One of them happened to be loaded and
' the bullet lodged in Emma's thigh. The
Judge decided that it was an accident.
Patrick Fitzgibbons, arrested Friday
: night for an alleged attempt to strangle
May Burke In her room at 421 Dupont
street, was yesterday booked at the City
Prison on a charge of battery. He ap
peared in Judge Treadwell's court and
the case was continued until July 19. He
was released on his own recognizance.
Captain Bohen had a talk with Fitzgih
bons and the woman yesterday morning
and was satisfied that an attempt had
been made to blackmail him. He is a
clerk In a grocery store on Twenty
fourth street.
M. J. Mochel. the soldier, was yesterday
held to answer before the.Superior Court
by Judge Treadwell 'without bail on the'
I charge of murdering Mrs. Ida Loventhal
| In the Campflre Saloon on Kearny street..
Charles Webber, a saloonkeeper at 32
Second street, convicted of conducting
j a banking or percentage game in the
> « t.mldt_—tßsl{^__—\\\*\%W_m^_i ■_
s . A plac3 of pleasure as well 1
t ' . . I
% as health — Paso Robles Hot
a t
I Springs is. not a mere sani- t
I tarium but a ace where j
I those in need of a healthful !
jS outing can go and enjoy j.
i quiet rest.' Write for booklet I;
I that tells the entire story. |
I Otto K. Never. Prop., ' City Office, \
M I'__.o Itoblcs, Cal. 635 Market st
"' ■.■< ________-— __________m_m^__m^_m
Region
With Its
HOMELIKE RESORTS
AND CHARMING
CAMPINC RETREATS
SWEET BRIER CAMP. CRAG VIEW CAMP
THE CELEBRATED TAVERN OF CASTLE
CRAG.
UPPER SODA SPRINGS. SHASTA SPRINGS.
SHASTA RETREAT.
SISSON." MOUNT SHASTA CAMP.
McCLOUD RIVER RESORTS.
A VAST DOMAIN OF SCENIC BEAUTY AND
GRANDEUR.
LOW EXCURSION RATES.
For further Information. illustrated folders.
etc., apply at the SOUTHERN PACIFIC COM-
PANY'S Ticket Office, 613 Market st. (Grand
Hotel).
PR fa a ii-i- HOT SPRINGS. — This
___ fi*r Ia I Xk ! 9 beautiful summer and
§?. >'. Em* I■! I _ winter resort. now
II - Its I Ssv owned and managed by
DR. ,l PERRAULT, who as resident physi-
cian, will devote his entire time to the welfare
of his guests, whether sick or well, is situated
150 miles south of San Francisco, in the Coast
Rang" Mountains, at an elevation of 1000 feet.
The climate Is soft and balmy and free from
fogs. . Soda, sulphur and Iron springs. Hot
plunge and tank baths; delightful grounds:
comfortable hotel; annex and cottages; pood
hunting and fishing: grand scenery; lovely
walks and drives. Special rate* to families oc-
cupying entire cottages, or invalids • r others
remaining more than one month. Trains dally
from Third and Townsend st. depot, 9 a. m.
(Pullman to Soledad, thence seven miles by
stage to Paraiso ) Round trip. 18. For further
Information address .1. PERRAULT, M.D., Pa-
raiso Springs, or city office. 336 Sutter st., S. F.
BYRON HOT SPRINGS
Contra Costa County, Cal.
These .Hot Mineral Baths are the
only known- cure for Rheumatism.
Take the 3 am. or 5:30 p.m. trains,
foot of Market street.
LOMBARD& CO., Agents,
Room 30. 22. Geary St.. S. F.
FAMOUS GILROY HOT SPRINGS.
(Change of Management.)
R ROBERTSON (for the past live years at
; ' Paraiso Springs). Prop, and Manager.
THE HOTEL AND COTTAGES HAVE
been thoroughly renovated— new furniture,
beds carpets, etc. The Table the best the mar-
ket affords. The Baths refitted and improved-
competent attendants and masseurs. Grounds
and walks beautified. Fine hunting and flßh-
ing Trains leave Third and Townsend sts.. S.
F., at 9 a. m. and 2:45 p. m. Carriages at Gil-
roy for the Springs.
For illustrated pamphlets and special rates
by months and for families address R. ROB-
ERTSON, Gilroy Hot Springs. Cal.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
THIS DELIGHTFUL WATERING PLACE
is located In the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water, fine stone dining room; telephone • con-
nections, electric lights, livery* accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices, $10.
JOHN SFAT'T.DINO. Proprietor.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot t» Visit This Sornmsr.
BOATS FREE TO GUESTS. FINE FlSH-
ing. Excellent table. Clean beds and care-
i ful attention to patrons. Climate perfect. Six-
! teen miles from Truckee. in the heart of the
Sierras and surrounded by magnificent trees of
i an unbroken forest. The Ideal spot for families
because it Is clean, no poison oak. no pests.
And pure air and pure water. Address MRS
H. M. CLEMONS, Independence- Lake. . ,
PLANTATION HOUSE,
EIGHTEEN MILES FROM CAZADERO. ON
stage line. Good trout fishing, plenty fruit,
cream and milk: free conveyance for parties of
two or more; grand redwood scenery. Address
J LUTTRINGER. Seavlew, Sonoma r County,
cf apply E. KKUSE, 207 Front St., S. F., for
particulars.
LAUREL DEL
LAKE AND HOTEL.
CLIMATE. SCENERY. ENTERTAINMENT:
none better ln Lake Co.; gas Indoors and
out. H. WAMBOLD.
CAMP TAYLOR REDWOODS,
ON N. P. C. R. R.. THE PLACE TO GO
for summer; board or camp cottages; Sun-
day excursions, $1. For circulars address H.
G. MARTIN; Camp Taylor. Cal. ; ' -
tlblS___—m_—aiekl—:v
shape 7of - a nickel-in-the-slot machine
was yesterday sentenced by ■-. age
Treadwell to a fine of S ?l °fn with
..... alternative of fifty days in mi
County Jail 1 ' Notice of appeal was Riven
Twelve other cases were set rortri.-i
li §k_£ case of Samuel B. Mount
ias Itemlised owing to insufficient cvi-
Ke^Towneishlp of the m^htae
fe wi.h the murderVYohn Keh
k *.s called in Ju^r- Treadwell s
court yesterday and on motion of the de
fense the preliminary examination was
S£ Ul> M 2 ify Furlong. 14 Verona street,
swore to 7 complaint in Judge Tread
*i\vi court yesterday morning for the
arrest of her son, James ' Furlong. 18
-Mrs of age on a charge of vagrancy.
She declares that the boy* will not wort
and spends his- time drinking in saloons..
Her husband has been in Alaska for the
r; i| l WHICn, a carpenter and builder
nt q McAllister street, was crossing lay
for and Sutter streets yesterday morning
when a horse attempted, as he thought, to
bite him. He pushed its head aside ana
two «who were in the wagon jumped
off and accused him ol striking the ani
mal* One of them hit him over the head
with a whip and the other punched him
in the eye. They belonged to the Bay
City Transfer Company. Williamson
procured warrants for their arrest .on
the charge of battery in Judge Tread-
W Martha U A!'Langford filed suit yesterday
against the Southern Pacific Company to
SANTA CATALINA
ISLAND.
B*. Hours' Ride From Los Angeles, Cal.
AMERICA'S FOREMOST RESORT.
Write for information about Catallna's won-
derful attractions. World's records for rod
and reel angling. Fishing tournament May 1
to Sept. 1, auspices Tuna Club. Sixth season
of our famous Marine Band.
The Hotels Metropole and Island Villa.
Modern Conveniences. Efficient Management.
Moderate Rates. Best Golf Links.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
BANNING COMPANY, 222 South Spring St.,
Los Angeles. Cal., or call on THOMAS COOK
& SONS, Agents. 621 Market st., San Fran-
cisco.
<M___m _^^^_-_____^^_-t
YOUR SUMMER OUTING.
Health arc j Hotel
and I assured j del
Pleasure at I Coronado
Send for Pamphlets. Terms. Etc.
Reduced Summer Rates now in Effect.
Apply at 4 New Montgomery St.. S. F.
RESTand ORCH ARDh|«S«»'
HEALTH SPRINGS £3£c
KJX AIIAIUU thsC. P.R.R.
Plain Quiet Retreat; Finest Scenery. Water,
Mountain Air. Fruit and All the Year
Around Climate in California.
Ideal Grounds and Surroundings. On Railroad,
136 Miles from San Francisco.
$8 week. • Open all year. Send for Booklet.
Addr*S3 Orchard Springs, Chicago Park, Cal.
SARATOGA SPRINGS, a o k u e nt y .
Up In thi mountains near the lakes,
and in the heart of Luke County's min-
eral belt. Take, train via Ukiah.
ROUND TRIP $9.50
J. Martei.s. prop.; city office, -416 Pine st.
HOTEL LYNDON,
. LOS. Gi^TOS.
JUST OPENED; NEW BUILDING; HAND-
seme furniture; 50 outside rooms; every
modern convenience; electric bells and lighting:
perfect sanitary plumbing. Strictly first-class
family and commercial hotel. Comfort and con-
venience of guests first consideration. Cuisine
and service unsurpassed. Commodious free
sample room. LYMAN H. TOLFREE. Propr.
SUMMER HOME FARM.
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS; FIRST-CLASS
family resort; cottages, tents, hunting and
fishing; artificial lake for boating and swim-
ming: long distance telephone: campers' return
tickets, $2 50: hotel open the year round. Send
for circular, to J. H. HAESTERS, Glenwood,
C;l!. .
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
TWO MILES FROM HOPLAND. UNE-
qualed soda and magnesia Springs; baths;
furnished cottages. Terms. $10 to $12. Buy,
through tickets. Send lor circular. O. HOW-
ELL, Hopland. Cal. ■
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL'S
SANITARIUM AND. MINERAL SPRINGS,
Glen Ellen, Sonoma County;, also 20 com-
pletely furnished 5-room cottages; good boat-
ing, fishing and hunting: finest summer resort
and mineral water for all diseases in America;
camping ground and mineral water free. Apply
to Dr. C. C. O'Donnel, '"21 1 -.. Market st., bet.
Sixth and Seventh, San Francisco.
SAMUEL SODA SPRINGS.
JR. MORRIS. PROP., NAPA COUNTY.
• Cal. ' Sure cure for dyspepsia, indigestion,
rheumatism and constipation; hot mineral
baths. These springs are located in Napa
County. 20 miles east of St. Helena. The water
is bottled at the springs and contains its own
natural gas. Stage leaves St. Helena.
1 , _ , .
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
NATURAL ADVANTAGES: SALUBRIOUS
climate: picturesque scenery; mountain
walks; pure Spring water; beautiful drives;
pine groves, lawns and gardens. ' The best ad-
vantages for those who need to obtain comfort,
rest and health culture in a short time. Address
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM. St. Helena. Cal.
KENS L WORTH INN,
MILL . VALLEY— A MOST DELIGHTFUL
summer home. Every modern convenience '
In and out door sports. Forty-five minutes frorri
San Francisco. Table under personal care. of
MRS. M. MERRY. Proprietor.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS
F- wick, Siskiyou County, CaLl
FINEST FISHING AND HEALTH RESORT
on the coast. Climate perfect. For parti-
culars apply to EDSON BROS.. Proprietors.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
IT WO TRAINS DAILY. 7:.*0 A. M. AND 4 P
■ m.; stage meets train at Nana Ct_f AN-
-I'REW JAi KSON. Napa Soda Spring" P. o
MOUNT VEEDER RESORT §£U
and Pine K Ft c - s i B ', Napa County foothills; love-
ly and healtnful. spot. Elevation 1650 feet
Mountain scenery hunting, put e water, all va-
r^HS^ElTlT^a^a^ S eek - AdJleSB
juries sustaineo^ou^fl , _ h& wag
m f n HHn„ from a tra in at the time and
; recover <J*"*-Wft has sued the Market-
Frederick Company to recover $5000
I street Railway ( '°S injuries sustained
! damages tor per. at Fourth and Howard
November } 15. liM. a tour he wag
i streets. 5*S «H»htin« from a car it start-
SSl&'ffi-gwS^^ violently to
the ground , t ypS!terda
Hannah %\ ells niea Alexander M.
K'tortSve fsbOO damages contrary
stairway in <*lar,i •*••' ; <* "» k « he rol .
was seriously in Jured. .+ „ t t, 0 Preston
Joseph Morgan was sent to )M
Schoof of Industry and John SuHH an to
sfo^ .S! ■£** WS2 S nd h .hem tl
--tore on Kearny street, but as tney were
minors the court decided to send them to
the institutions named instead of State s
prison. ' "^____ __
-*♦■*• *
Fleas will never touch an epileptic, and
will instantly leave a dead or dying per
son.
Niagara Falls Line.
IF YOU ARE GOING TO NEW YORK. BOS-
ton or Intermediate points, ask your agent to
route you via the famous WABASH, NIAGARA
FALLS SHORT LINE, the finest scenic lino
east of the Rockies.
Beautiful DETROIT RIVER, NIAGARA
FALLS and gorge, MOHAWK VALLEY.
WEST POINT, CATSKILL MOUNTAINS,
hanks of the HUDSON RIVER, BERKSHIRE
HILLS and wonderful Hoosac Tunnel are a few
of the Interesting and beautiful sights seen by
the patrons of the Wabash. The Wabash is
the favorite route of the tourist to the Adlron-
dacks. White Mountains and New England sea-
side resorts, because it Is the coolest, time the
best, equipment unsurpassed. Write for illus-
trated and descriptive tours. "Lake and
Sea." R. C. CLINE.
Pac. Coast Pass. Agt. Wabash R. R..
Los Angeles, Cal.
i WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Sulphur Creek. Colusa County. Cal. 26 miles
west of Williams and 22 miles east of Lower
Lake. Stages leave Williams for the Springs.
Will cure rheumatism, dropsy, salt rheum,
any skin disease, neuralgia, liver complaint,
paralysis, dyspepsia, mercury in the system,
kidney complaint and catarrh. Also natural
mud baths. Temperature of springs, 145 degs.
New 2-story hotel and fine new bath-house.
Board and lodging. Including baths. $3 and $10
per week. - Wit OELGART. Proprietor.
Mark West Springs,
MOST PICTURESQUE RESORT, VARIETY
of mineral springs, Soda; Sulphur, Magne-
sia, Iron and Arsenic: plunge bath; swimming
pool, billiards, shuffleboard, croquet and other
games. Accommodations first-class; table good;
$9 to $12 a week. Round trip, $3 75. Stage
meets morning trains and Sat. eve. FRESE &
JUERGENSEN. Mark West Springs. Sonoma
Co., Cal. City Office. 912 Larkin st.
JOHANNISBERG.
FAMILY RESORT AND OUTING PLACE
in the midst of the Napa Redwoods. Mount
Veeder, 3100 feet. Large lake, boating, swim-
ming, hunting, fishing. Terms, $6 to $10 per
week. Send for circulars. JOHANNISBERG
RESORT, Oakviile. Napa County. Cal.
TO YOSEMITE.
TOURISTS TO YOSEMITE VALLEY AND
return /or $25 cash, by Yosemite and Ray-
mond Carriage Line, Limited. Address A. B.
VAN CAMPEN. Raymond, Cal.
HOTEL EL MONTE,
LOS GATOS. CAL.— STRICTLY FIRST
class; renovated throughout; lovely sur-
roundings; new management. JOHN NEVILL.
Proprietor.
HOTEL. _i_Zi>i\/__TSfJ_t
AND COTTAGES, LAKEPORT, CAL. —
Large grounds; new dancing pavilion, 80x
40; fronts lake 200 ft.,* fine bowling afley and,
shufflebcard: swimming, boating, elegant yacht
free; children's playground; good table; no Chi-
nese help. F. & A. M. SCALES. Proprietors. .
BLUE LAKES HOTEL
WILL BE CONDUCTED IN A QUIET,
homelike manner, with one of the best
tables in the county; $10 to $12 per week. Round
trip $9 JO. S. F. and N. P. to Ukiah; thence by
stage. Address J. WILSON. Bertha, Laka
County, Cal. . ...
AGUA CALIENT.E SPRINGS.
SONOMA VALLEY. TWO HOURS FROM
S. F.. via Tiburon ferry. Warm mineral
swimming and tub baths. Water, gas, electrlo
bells. Rates $10 to $12 per week. $2 per day.
Address Aqua Caliente Springs, Aqua Callente.
Sonoma County, Cal.
f-iftlCDin Most beautiful' spot In Laka
WAI»L_>D.-U County. I The mineral springs
are famous for marvelous cures when all else*
failed., especially in stomach, liver, kidney and
bladder affections. Superior accommodations.
' $10 per week. Fine roads, trout fishing and
deer hunting. Write W. •R. McGOVERN.
Carlsbad, Lake County.
•'THE TRAVELER'S" BUREAU,
AT NO. 20 MONTGOMERY ST., KEEPS
the pamphlets of all principal California
Rescrts for FREE DISTRIBUTION. The pub-
lic are cordially invited to call or write. NO
CHARGE OF ANY KIND. .
VACFIVIITF San * Francisco to Chl-
I I>'©_--iTII 1 —-• nese by railway.
Thence by Lumsden & Co.'s coaches 60 miles"
to Yosemite Valley. Round trip $32. Slngl*
! fare. ir. either direction. $16. J. M. HUTCH-
INGS, Agent. 19 Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
.SANTA CRUZ Mountains— A qu'.et foothill
ranch, located ln Blackburn Gulch. 5 miles
from Santa Cruz; delightful summer home In
the redwoods; running water; abundance' ot -
fruit: good table; terms, $5 per week; children
under in. $3. Address W. C-tANDELL, Sant»
Cruz, Cal. .-■;.-■
A FEW SUMMER BOARDERS taken on' a
fruit farm 2 miles from Calistoga and rail.,
road station; beautiful shade; home cooking;
good rooms: $6 per week and up. Address
MRS. S. SMITH. Calistoga. Napa Co.. Cal.
MANZ'ANITA Station, near Mill Valley— or 4
rooms, with board; good accommodations at
Manzanlta Villa.
VACATION for school boys and girls on fruit
farm: only 40 cents fare from city. S__ Ful-
ton st.
ANY one looking tor nice, quiet, comfortable
farm home to f 'i )entl Vacation address F.
QUIEN, Glen Ellen. ■ Sonoma County. Cal.
...DO NOT...
Be Without
"THE CALL"
During; Your Vacation.
Subscribers to "The Call" visiting tha
country, seaside cr springs during the Sum-
mer months can have "The Call"' senttothsm
for a week or ' longer by prepaying for sam)
at the Business Office or by order througii
carrier.
.=- - ...TERMS... :
15 Cents.... peP Week
65 Cents. ....pep Month
1 POSTAGE PREPAID.COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Bank clearings gain as usual.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat lower. Barley higher.
New white Oats coming in.
Corn dull. Rye In good demand.
Continued heavy receipts of Hay.
Feedstuffs unchanged.
Potatoes declining.
Beans continue to advance.
Butter and Eggs quiet.
Poultry Inactive.
Considerable fruit shipped north.
Dried fruit unchanged.
Provisions still active and flrm.
Meat market unchanged.
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local bank clearings last week were $21,242.
--921. against $15, 5.5"!, 728 for the same week In
1898.
GOVERNMENT RECEIPTS AND EXPENSES.
For the past two fiscal years the Govern
ment receipts compare as follows:
1597-9 S. 1898-99.
Customs $149,819,594 $206,507,812-
Internal revenue 169,943,040 273.142.490
Miscellaneous 84.748,448 36.566,443
Total $404.r.11,052 $516,216,746
The expenditures for the same years were as
follows:
1897-98. 1898-99.
Civil $96,546,303 $119,225,599
•War 91,967,802 229,041.002
Navy 68.848.763 64.784.480
Indians '. 10.986,533 12.799.984
Pensions 147,450.940 139,394.745
Interest 37. 585. 056 39,896,925
Total $443,375.357 $605,092,735
TOBACCO FOR JAPAN.
Among the cargo for Japan on the steamer
Coptic, which sailed Friday, were 384 hogs
heads of tobacco, containing 456,070 pounds val
ued at $47,000 This makes the amount shipped
since July 1, 954.34S pounds.
FRUIT AND SALMON IN ENGLAND.
"Californlan fruits continue in strong de
mand, both for goods on the spot and for for
ward delivery. The position regarding the new
pack is unchanged, and at the present moment
there is decidedly an excess of buyers over
sellers," says the London Grocers' Gazette In
consequence of the 'combines' on the Ameri
can Bide there is great uncertainty as to the
future, and packers will not quote prices at
the present time. This has caused spot stocks,
which are very considerably reduced, to ad
vance. There Is likely to be completely ex
hausted markets before the arrival of new.
The demand for salmon from first hands con
tinues disappointing, but nominally prices are
without change."
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, July 15. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka. 60; Red Bluff, 96; Sacramento. 82;
Fresno, 98; San Luis Obispo, 74; Independence.
92; Los Angeles, 76; San Diego, 66; Yuma, 104.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
56; minimum, 48; mean, 62.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen slowly over California
and Oregon. A depression of moderate depth
extends from Arizona to Washington.
The temperature has risen slowly along the
coast from San Francisco to the mouth of the
Columbia River. In the great valleys the tem
peratures are nearly normal. In the vicinity
of San Francisco there Is a vertical thermal
gradient of one degree rise for every 218 feet of
elevation.
Thunderstorms are reported at Wlnnemucca
and at Cedar City.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Wlnnemucca, 36 miles per hour, from
the southwest: Fort Canby, 26 miles per hour.
from the west.
Heavy fog prevails along the coast of North
ern California.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight July 16. 1899:
Northern California— Cloudy Sunday; warmer
in the Interior; fresh northerly winds inland;
brisk westerly winds with dense fog on the
coast.
Southern California— Sunday: fresh
northerly winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Sunday; warmer in the
northern portion Sunday night.
Utah— Cloudy Sunday, with showers ln the
mountains early Sunday morning; warmer Sun
day night. , _
Arizona— Cloudy ln the northern portion Sun
day: fair in the southern portion.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy: warmer
Sunday, with dense fog in the morning; fresh
westerly winds. _ _ :il-._ I
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official. 1
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, July 15.— T0-day's short market
was so narrow and so nearly stagnant that
movements of prices were of little significance.
There was a perceptible tone of firmness, how
ever, which was emphasized after the appear
ances of the bank statement by the hasty cov
ering of some small bear contracts in the
grangers which had been put out Just previous
to the appearance of the statement. Probably
the greater part of the day's business was
given over to the closing out of short contracts
by the bears. This contingent has been partic
ularly active In Brooklyn Transit during the
past week on the persistent talk of a pending
strike. Their buying to cover to-day made that
stock the most active on the list and moved it
up two points from the opening decline. Sugar
was largely bought and rose at one time 1%
over last night. People's Gas recovered sharp
ly from yesterday's prices. Oregon Navigation
preferred advanced 1% on the discharge of the
voting trust and the Implied guarantee of pre
ferred dividends to the amount of 10 per cent
ln yearly installments. Cotton oil rose over a
point. Manhattan and the Southwestern rail
roads were also Inclined to strength. The bank
statement was up to expectations ln the item
of loan contractions, and the consequent reduc
tion ln deposit liabilities. It was unexpectedly
favorable in the showing of a gain in cash
considering the payment of $2,500,000 to the Sub-
Treasury on customs payments during the week.
The local money market worked still lower to
day, but demand sterling advanced a small
fraction and London discounts were also hard
er. Sterling exchange at Continental centers
also rose sharply tending to the note of alarm
sounded by the weekly English financial publi
cations over the Immediate future of the Lon
don money market.
The week in Wall street has offered evidences
that an eager speculative contingent Is watch
ing for an opportunity to embark on the long
side of the market. There is evidence also
that a large portion of the contingent was not
possessed of abundant funds, and the continued
tightness of the money market and the success
ful machinations of the bears have checked the
bullish enthusiasm, wiped out margins and
precipitated considerable speculative liquida
tion. A number of individual stocks, however,
have shown aggressive strength on large buy
ing and have sustained the general list. The
activity of the market for call loans on the
Stock Exchange, even at the high rates, also
Indicates confidence in some quarters ln the
earjv clearing of the situation. The extended
period of the hardness of money after the July
1 period upset the calculations of many ob
servers, and last Saturday's bank statement,
showing surplus reserves down to near $5,000,
--000 and lower than since the panic of 1893,
caused something like alarm. There were large
orders to sell at the opening on Monday, as it
was certain that many loans would be called
to reduce deposit accounts of the banks that
were below their legal reserve limit. The acute
phases of the Transvaal situation interfered
with values abroad and emphasized the money
stringency in all foreign centers, with the re
sult that London offered large amounts of
stock for sale in New York. Finally there was
acute weakness in New York traction stocks
on fears of a strike and In People's Gas on re
ported plans for an opposition plant. The com
bined effort was a violent break ln prices
through most of the list and an active selling
movement. The almost complete recovery on
the following day, on only two-thirds the vol
ume of Monday's business, demonstrated the
precipitate selling had been well absorbed and
the amount of stock for sale greatly dimin
ished. - ,
The technical position of the market was
thus much strengthened by the shaking out of
weak bolder* It came to be better under
stood that Saturday's bank statement, being
based on average? of the totals for each day
ln the preceding week, did not fairly reflect the
actual condition of the banks on the date when
It was made. At the same time It became
known that some very large loans made on ac
count of the organization' of the tube industry
and to the New York City government pend
ing its sale of new bonds had been liquidated,
and that funds disbursed on July 1 for dlvD
dends and interest were coming back Into de
posit accounts of New York banks. But the
relief afforded on this account gave way to re
newed uneasiness when It was perceived that
the rate for demand sterling was hardening as
the local rate for money became easier. It
was feared that the continued urgent needs of
the London mone- market would cause a fur
ther drain of gold . from New York and keep
the local rate high for a considerable- time to
come. The downward tendency of long sterl
ing under offerings of futures against merchan
dise shipments partly answered the fears on
this snore. . .
The bond market was moderately active and
rather Irregular, Southwestern Railway Issues
moving up in sympathy with the strength of
the stocks.
United States la and old 4s registered have
declined % in the bid price.
The total sides of stocks to-day amounted to
126,150 shares, including: American Sugar. 12,
--600; Anaconda, 4200; Atchison' preferred, 9600;
Brooklyn Transit. 19,400; Burlington. 8000; Man
hattan, 8600; Northern Pacific. 4600; St. Paul,
6900; Chesapeake and Ohio, 3000; Missouri Pa
cific. 7000.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 13% Do prefd .174
Do prefd.... 61V. St P * Om 107
Baltimore & Ohio. 47% Do prefd.. 173
Canada Pacific... Hi% Am Smelting 35%
Canada Southern.. 54 i Do rrefd 83
Central Pacific 51% So Pacific 31% |
Che 8 & Ohio 27% So Rai1way........ 11%
Chi & Alton 150 Do prefd 54%
Chi B & Q .135% Texas & Pacific... 22%
Chi & E 111 74 Union Pacific 43%
Do prefd 1*2% Do prefd 76%
Chi G W n% Nor & W prefd.... 70*
Chi Ind & L 10% Wabash 7%
Do prefd 43 : Do prefd 23%
Chi & N W 160 .Wheel & L E 7%
Do prefd lv»S I Do prefd 24%
C C C &St L 57% 1 Express Companies-
Do prefd 9S Adams Ex HI
Del & "Hudson l!2%lAmerican Ex 137
Del L & W 16S lUnited States «?
Den & Rio G...... 21% Wells Fargo 1-'
Do prefd.,. 75% Miscellaneous—
; Erie (new).. 13% A Cot Oil -42 j
Do Ist prefd 36 Do prefd 92% 1
Ft Wayne 184 Am Spirits.. 6%
Gt Nor prefd 168% Do prefd 29
Glucose (*S% Am Tobacco 97
1 Illinois Central.... 115 Do prefd 144
Lake Erie & XV.... IS% Cons Gas.... 181%
De prefd 75 Com Cable Co 1«» 1
Lake Shore 200 Col F & Iron. 45%
Louis __ Nash 72 Do prefd.. *'*??,.• '
! Manhattan L 119% Gen Electric....... U»% ,
Met St Ry 222% Haw Com C 0.... ..110
1 Michigan Central. .lll (Brooklyn R T 112%
i Minn & St L 54% Intl Paper... «
! Do 2d prefd 90 I Do preld .h%
. Mo Pacific 43 (Laclede t.as 54
! Mobile & Ohio 42% Lead W»
Mo X & T 12 DO prefo.. 112
i Do prefd 34% Federal Steel 69
'N 3 Central 116 Do P**"*; 80%
N V Central 138% £ at I< , " '*.-, .1 \
[NYC & St 1 13% pacific Mal..-- 47
, Do Ist prefd 68 Peoples- *£" 17% ■
Do 2d Drefd .31 Pullman £»>*•-••*•••» 1
1 N^Wesr.. :.:.:. 21 Silver Certificates. <*')
No Amer Co! ::::.:. *H Standard R & T... 7%;
! No Pacific 50% Sugar 166%
DO prefd 77% Do prefd 118
I Ontario &XV 26 TC & Iron c?
;Or R & N prefd... 41 I S Leather 6%
i Pacific Coast 38 Do prefd. .1 j
Do Ist prefd 84 V B Rubber 49%
Do 2d prefd ....66 ; Do prefd 115% i
Pittsburg IS4 Western Union.... 90
j Reading 20% -Am S ft W Co 64%
Do Ist prefd 00% Do prefd 95% ;
D I*, IV 34 1 Cent Tobacco 39% 1
Do prefd 79 I Colo Southern 4% |
Rock Island 117 1 Do Ist prefd 43 ;
■ St Louis _ S F... 10 ! Do- 2d prefd 16%
Do prefd 70 i National Steel ol
Do 2d prefd 37 | Do prefd 90%
! St Louis & S W... 14% Tin Plate 37%
Do prefd 35% Anaconda 65% ,
! St Paul 131% Steel prefd 75%
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s reg 101% VI X & T 2ds 68% 1
Do 3s reg 108%' Do 4s 93% I
Do 3s coup 109 \* V Cent lets 112
Do new 4s reg. ...130 *•' J Cent gen 55.. 121
Do new 4s c0up. .130 -Co Carolina 6s 127
Do old 4s reg 112 Do 4s 108 |
Do old 4s c0up. .112% \"o Pacific lsts 113
Do is reg 112% Do 3s 107
Do 5s coup 112% Do 4s 103% |
! Dist of C 3.65s 119 V'TCtStL 45... 107% I
I Alabama class A.. 108 ;S'or &XV con 45.... 95% j
Do class B 10? ! Do gen 6s v .135% 1
Do class C 108 Oregon Nay 15t5. ..112
Do Currency 98 | Do 4s 102%
! Atchison gen 45.. ..112% Oregon S L 6s 132%
Do adj 4s 84% Do con 5s 115
Canada So 2ds 11l Reading gen 45.... 88%
Ches & Ohio 4%5.. 97% Rio G w lsts 99% :
Do 6s 119% St L & I — con us .114% j
Chi & N W con 75. 144% St L & S F gen 65. 124% j
Do B F deb 55... 122% St Paul con 172
Chicago Term 4e...100% St P C & P 15t5... 121%
Den & R G 15t5... 106% Do 6s 121%
Do 4= 100% So Railway 5s 109%
X T V & G .405% Stand R & T 65... 86
] Erie gen 4s 92% Term new set 35... 96%
FXV& D C lsts... 80 Tex & Pac 15t5. ...116%
Gen Electric 6s 119 I Do 2ds 56%
G HftS A6s 113 .Union Pacific 45. .105%
Do "Ms 101 Wabash lsts 116%
II ft TC 5s 11"% ! Do 2ds 102
Do con 6s 112 .West Shore 4s ....113%
I lowa Cent 15t5. ...113 IWls Cent 15t5...... 76%
■ X C P ft G lsts.... 60% Va Centuries 86%
iLa new con 4s. 108 - Do Deferred 8%
L& N unified 45.. 99 Colo Southern 45.. 80%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar ,«ooht ri ° ?S
Crown Point 1 23 Ophir 1 On
Con Oil & V 1 95' Plymouth 10
' Eeadwood . i « Quicksilver 210
i , > „« id & Curry Ss| Do prefd 860
i Hat & Nor"oss.. 33 Sierra Nevada 55 I
' Homestake 6° 0,) Standard 2 25
gS?«Si 50 Union Con 35 |
Mexican 60 Yellow Jacket *>
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— West End 94 |
Call loans 3®4 ' Do prefd 114
Time loans 3(g*4% Westinghouse El.. 49%
Stocks— i Bonds
Atch Top & St Fe. 19% Atchison 4s .101
Do prefd 61 | Mining Shares-
American Sugar... 156% Adventure 9%
Do prefd 115% Allouez Mm C 0.... 8
1 Bell Telephone 345 (Atlantic 30
I Boston & Albany.. 'Boston & M0nt.. ..368
! Boston Elevated. ..loS% Butte & 805t0n.... 78
Piston & Maine. ..l 96 Calumet & Hec1a..790
Chi Bur & Q 136 Centennial 34
!Ed Elec 111 200 Franklin 19
. Fitchburg prefd. .117 Humboldt '-
Gen Electric 11*-% Osceola ." 87
Federal Steel 59% Parrott 53%
Do prefd 80% Quincy 16, ;
Mexican Central... 15 Santa Fe Copper... 13% 1
Michigan Tel 98 [Tamarack 220 |
Old Colony. 203 Winona 14
Old Dominion SB% Wolverine 46
Rubber 43% Utah 43%
Union Pacific 43% !
NEW YORK'S FINANCIAL CONDITION.
NEW YORK, July 15.— Financier says:
j There was a material Improvement in the con
' dition of the associated banks of New York
! last week, the reserve above legal requirements
I showing a gain of $5,636,275, which brings the
I total surplus cash to $10,695.750. This was the
' result of a rather drastic liquidation in loans,
! that Item having decreased no less than $17,- ,
j 150,700.
A coincident contraction of $15,273,100 in de- •
I posits reduced reserved requirements by $3,
--815,000, and this, added to the gain of $1,818,000
in specie, made the expansion in surplus as
I stated. The statement is much more favorable
I than preliminary estimates had forecast. The
: known movements of money indicated that the
1 banks had lost more money than they had
1 gained, the treasury absorptions being respon
-1 sible for this opinion. But it Is possible that
the previous statements as set forth last week
' in this review very much underrated the real
i position of the Clearing-house institutions. In
the same manner the gains from the Interior
(or the current week were probably larger than
i expected. In any event the reserve has been
j materially strengthened, also it Is still much
: below the average. Whether the statements for
i the next week or two will continue to show
i cash gains cannot be asserted positively, but
I lt is known that a portion of the July divi
; dend disbursements, especially those by the
Government, have not yet been redeposited ln .
banks. The treasury, owing to customs col
| lections, has been a gainer -* late from the
banks. The principal point of interest centers
i In the crop movement demands, the season for j
! which Is rapidly approaching. If reports from j
1 the interior are correct, and the bank ex
-1 hibits now being published seem to show that
I they are. It Is difficult to see where New York
can lose much money in that direction during 1
I the early fall. Reserves all over the country I
; are extremely high and a drain on New York j
i heavy enough to advance Interest rates would
I Inevitably attract large sums of money to this |
I center. The question of foreign exchange is !
j again a subject. of Interest, but In the present
state of the market it will require a. profitable
premium Indeed t6 induce an outward flow of |
j gold. Considered from ever*- standpoint, the
I next few weeks give promise of developing
; some important phases in the monetary world.
THE LONDON MARKET.
'• NEW YORK, July 15.— Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were lifeless and nervous
' to-day on the Transvaal war preparations,
; which are proceeding actively. The situation
Is apparently delicate. A bank rate of 6 per
cent is talked of in the event of hostilities and
the expectation now is that the rate will he
made 4 per cent next week In any event. Amer
icans dropped. Tlntos, 45%; Anacondas, 11%.
CLOSING.
LONDON, July 15.— Canadian Pacific, 99%:
: Northern Pacific preferred, 19%;. Union Pacific
! preferred 73%; Atchison, 20%: Grand Trunk, 7%;
■ Anaconda, 11%. Bar Silver, steady, . 27% d per
ounce. Money, 3 per cent.
NEY YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, July 15.— FLOUR— Receipts, 27,
--628; exports, 9403. Quieter and easier. Minne
sota patents, $3 8604; Minnesota bakers. $30
. : 3 20; winter patents, $3 7r,ft4; do straights, $3 40
j ©3 55; do extras, $2 45@2S5;'do low grades,
- ; $2 45® 2 55.
: WHEAT— Receipts, 219,175; exports, 15,997.
; Spot dull. No. 2 red, 79% cf. o. b. afloat spot;
No. 1 Northern Duluth, 80% cf. o. b. afloat
! spot: No. 2 red, 77%e. elevator. Options opened ;
Steady on cables and wet weather In the '
! Northwest. They subsequently developed weak
i ness under local and Northwest selling. The
! close was steady on late covering at % net ad
| vance. July. 7S®7S%c. closed 78 % c; September.
; 78 1-16078 7-16 c, closed 78% c; December. 80 1-16
I ®80% c, closed 80% c.
HOPS— State, common to choice, 1896
crop, 6®7c; 1897. ll®13c: I*9B. 16®17c: Pacific
Coast, 1896 crop, 6®7c; 1897, ll@13c; 1888, 17018 c.
HIDES— Firm. Galveston. 20 to 25 pounds.
: 16%®17c; Texas dry, 24 to 30 pounds, 12%®13c;
California. 21 to 25 pounds, 18% c.
WOOL— Steady. Domestic fleece, 19® 24c;
Texas, 13®16c.
The Metal Exchange closed to-day. Brokers'
price for lead is $4 35 and copper $18 50.
COFFEE— closed Inactive. Sales. 500
bags, Including September, $4 CO. Spot coffee-
Rio No. 7 Invoice, $6: No. 7- Jobbing. $6 50. Mild,
quiet. Cordova, $8«?13. :.... .
SI.'GAR— Raw barely steady. Fair refining,
3 18-1 6 c; centrifugal, 96 test.. 4 3-Sc; molasses
sugar, 3 11-16 c. Refined quiet and steady. No.
6 4 13-160 ; No. 7, 4%c; No. 8, 4 11-l6c; No. 9,
4%c* No. 10. 4%c; No. 11, 4%c; No. 12, 4 6-16 c;
No 13, * 6-16 c: No. 11. 4%c; mold A, 6%c;
standard A, 6%c: confectioners' A, 6%c; cut
loaf, 5%c; crushed, 6c; powdered, 6%c; granu
lated, 5%c; cubes, 5%c. .
BUTTER— Receipts, 6323 packages. Steady |
for fancy, weak for lower grades. Western
creamery. 15®18%c; factory, 12®14%a
EGGS— Receipts, £249 packages. Firm for,
fancy. Western, 15@15%c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED REITS.
NEW YORK, July 15.— APPLES— Steady.
'EVAPORATED APPLES— 6@7%c; |
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 16, 1899.
prime wire tray, 8%®8%c; choice, B%®S%c;
fancy. 9@9%c.
PRUNES-3%®S%c. . ,_ -M •
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 14c; Moorpark, 14®18c,.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 10@llc.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, July 15.— Wheat opened with a
show of firmness, %*"?*_. c over yesterday, at
73% c for September. The upward impulse was
due to reports of too much rain In- the West
and Northwest for the prosecution or harvest
ing. This prop failed early and after selling at
73%073%c September started on a decline from
which there was no rally Cables were indif
ferent, receipts heavy and many bears were re
cruited from* yesterday* bull ranks, -he
weather was principally In -the winter wheat
belt but receipts were heavy enough to check
buying. The cash demand was light. The
Northwest sold wheat In the local market, fine
weather talk and a prospective large Increase
in the visible helped the short sellers. Septem
ber declined steadily to 72% c and closed at 72%
@72% c.
There was considerable selling of September
corn, which opened a shade over yesterday's
close. Weakness followed In sympathy with
wheat. ' September closed a fraction lower.
Oats were firm and %c higher at the opening,
but declined with the break in corn and wheat,
closing a shade under yesterday.
The heavy run of hogs caused a decline In
provisions. September pork dropped off 12 %c,
lard lost 7%e and ribs declined sc.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
July 72% 72% 71% 71**
September 73% 73' _ 72% 72%
December 75% 75% 74% 74%
Corn No. 2—
July 34% 34% . 33% . 34
September 34% 34% . 33% 33%
December 33% 33% 32% 32%
Oats No. 2—
July 24% 24% 24 24%
September 20% 20% 20% 20%
December 221, 22%. 22% 22%
Item Pork, per bbl—
September ....9 15 9 20 9 10 9 12%
October 9 15., 9 20 9 12% 12%
Lard, per 100 lbs-
September 5 50 5 60 5 45 5.45
October 5 66 5 55 5 50 5 52%
Short Ribs, per ion lbs—
September 5 12% 520 615 515
October 5 25. 525 . 520 .*, 20
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady: Patents, $3 5003 60: Straights. $3 20ff
3 30; Clears, $3®3 15; Spring Wheat Specials.
$4 35; Hard -Patents. $3 6003 70: Soft do. $3 30®
3 40: Straights, Mlnnn«sotn. $3 1008 30:. No. 2
Spring Wheat, 73% c: No. 3 Spring Wheat. 71®
71% c; No. 2 Red. 73%-a74c; No. 2 Corn, 34%ct
No 2 Oats. 24% c: No. 2 White, 2S®2S%c: .mi. 3
White. 25%®27%c; No. 2, Rye, 57c: No. 1 Flax
seed, 98% c; Prime Timothy Seed. $2 45-52 50:
Mess Pork, per bbl. $S 50<??9 05; Lard, per 100 lbs.
$5 25®5 37%; Short-rib Sides (loose). $5 #5 15: Dry
Salted Shoulders (boxed), 5%®5%c; Short Clear
Sides (boxed). $5 35@5 40: Whisky, distillers' fin
ished goods, per gal, $1 26.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 14,000 7,000
Wheat, bushels 86.000 52 000
Corn, bushels 494,000 622.000
Oats, bushels .' 323.000 . 264.000
Rye. bushels 6,000 2 000
Barley, bushels -6.000 88.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was weak: creameries, 13%®17%c: dai
ries, 11@15%c: Cheese, steady, B%@9c; Eggs,
firm; fresh, 12c.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
*Wb->~r July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 5 8% 5 11 6 0%
Closing
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— July. Sept. Dec.
Opening Holiday.
Closing —
Flour-
Opening
Closing
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
. CHICAGO. July 15.- CATTLE— to
day were small. The general demand continued
good at yesterday's ruling prices. Prices gen
erally were 10015 c lower than a week ago.
HOGS— Receipts to-day were unusually large
for the close of the week and a decline of 10c
was forced. Heavy hogs brought $4 1005 85;
mixed lots, $4 1004 35; light. $4 1501 35; pigs.
$3 60®4 25; culls and rough lots, $21; 1 10.
SHEEP— There were not enough for a market
to-day. They were quotable at $2'ff3 for culls
up to $5535 25 for prime Western. Texan?
brought $3 2504; Western range sheep, $404 80;
yearlings were quotable at $4 755; _ 50, and |
spring lambs at $3 50®6 50. j
Receipts— Cattle, 200; hogs, 30.000; sheep. 1500.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON. .."■■■
PORTLAND, July 15.— Spring grown grain :
and re-seeded fields of wheat on light lands in j
a number of localities In the Northwest may be .
termed In a critical condition as a result of the
hot weather of the past week. The intensely i
hot weather has caught the grain at a stage
where it was at the worst disadvantage. At
nearly all points south of Snake River fall 1
grain and spring grain, planted early on heavy 1
soil, is not injured .by the heat. - but' grain
less fortunately situated has been burning. Re- j
ports are ln a measure conflicting, but reports
received in this city within the past forty-eight :
hours show that the crop in many localities
has been considerably damaged.
Wheat— Walla Walla, 58c; Valley, 59®59%c;
Bluestem, 61©62e.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, July 15.— week closed with no
Improvement in wheat, club remaining at 57c;
Bluestem 60c. '/■"■'*'■'■•
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON, July 15.— At the wool auction pries
there was a good attendance of buyers. The
number of bales offered was 10.281. The list was !
of a miscellaneous character and included a j
few good New Zealand. Melbourne and Tas
mania merinos. Crossbred* were strongly com- j
peted for In Yorkshire and the continent. A i
small supply of scoureds sold briskly at the
highest rate of the series Lower medium
crossbreds were ln steady demand, Americans
securing greasles.
The next .series Is scheduled to begin on Sep
tember 19, and will conclude on November 28.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, July 15.— Consols, 106%. Silver,
27% d. French Rentes, lOlf 12% c. Wheat cargoes
off coast, buyers and sellers apart; cargoes on
passage, quieter, hardly any demand.
LIVERPOOL, July 15.- Wheat, dull.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 5-16.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— No. 2 red Western winter, dull,
no stocks; No. 1 red Northern Duluth. dull, ta;
No. 1 California, 6s l%d®6s 2d. Futures quiet:
July, 5s B%d; September, 5s lid; December, 6s
%d.
CORN— Spot, American mixed new, firm. 3s
5%d; old. firm. 3s 5%d. Futures quiet; July,
3s Ed; September, 3s 5%d; October. 3s 6%d.
LOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, dull. 7s 9d.
NEW YORK IMPORTS AND EXPORTS.
NEW YORK, July 15.— Imports of dry
goods and merchandise at the port of New
York for this week were valued at $10,018,882.
Exports of gold and silver from this port to
all countries . for this week aggregated $959,127
ln silver bars and coin, and $6,788,150 gold.
The Imports of specie this week were $100,531
gold, and $80,613 silver.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, July 15— Exchanges, $210,121;
balances, $39,805. . _ _
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange. «0 days — 94 85
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 8«%
Sterling Cables — 4 88%
New York Exchange, sight — jo
New York Exchange, telegraphic — -jy,
Mexican Dollars — 49%'350 "
Fine Silver, per ounce — — 60
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Chicago market opened firmer
under foreign advices and reports of* serious
damage by rain in Dakota and Southern Minne
sota. Still there was no life to the market and
the large receipts continued a discouraging fac
tor The local market declined.
Spot Wheat-Shipping, $1 06%fgl 07%: milling,
$1 1001 12%.
CALL. BOARD SALES. -•,;*:.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— December— 2ooo ctls, 15%.
Regular Morning Session— December—
■ ctls, $1 15% : 38,000, $1 15%.
BARLEY'— The market braced up again, both
1 on and off call, in spite of heavy receipts. Trad
ing was dull, however. . .
i Feed. new. 92%®97%c; Brewing, $102%®107%;
: old Brewing, $1 0501 »; Chevalier, $1 1_.%0i 15
per Ct ... CALL BOARD SALES. : .7.>
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales. ' '
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2ooo- ctls.
9-c Seller "99. new— 2000, 89%e. .
"OATS— The market continues dull, but prices
are maintained. New white are selling at $1 20
01 40, and new red at $1 10® 1 22%; old are nom
' CORN— The market continues dull at the old
quotations. Small round Yellow, $130*8135:
Eastern large Yellow, $1 10f/l 15; White. $1 100
4 15; mixed. $110 per ctl; California White.
$1 17%®1 22%.
RYE— is quoted at 90®92%c per ctl, with
a good demand from the shippers.
BUCKWHEAT—
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS. "...
California family extras, $3 So®3 75. ■
' usual terms: bakers' extras. $3 40@3 55; Oregon
• and Washington. $3 40@3 60 per bbl for extra,
' $3 25®3 40 for bakers' and $2 25®3 for tuperflne.
MILLSTUFFS— in sacks arc as fol
; lows, usual discount, to the, trade:. Graham
1 Flour, $3 25 per 10C lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal $2 60; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, %'. 50; ex
tra cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal. $4 50(3'4 75;
Oat Groats. $4 75; Hominy. $3 254*3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 60; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 65®6 95: In sacks. $6 35®6 75;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, *4 50; Green Peas,
$6 per 100 lbs. -
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Receipts of Hay were 783 tons, and the mar
ket was weak In consequence, though there was
no decline. Feedstuffs stood the same.
BRAN— sl6®l6 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 50019 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $21 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27®28; jobbing.
$28 50©29; Cocoanut Cake, $20021: Cornmeal.
523 50@24 50; Cracked Corn. $24*325: Mixed Feed.
$15616; Cottonseed Meal. $24®26 per ton.
HAY-Wheat. $S®9 50 for good and $10 for .
choice; Wheat and Oat, $6®9; Oat, $< 50®8 50;
Barley. $5@7; Alfalfa, tU¥l 50 per ton.
STRAW— per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
An advance In Limas and Pinks Is reported.
There are no other advances, but the market !
continues firm.
BEANS— Bavos. $1 9002; Small White, $2® !
2 15: Large White. $1 6001 75; Pinks. $2 1002 15;
Reds, nominal: Blackeye. $4 1004 25- Butters |
nominal; Llmas. $4 10®4 15; Pea, $2 1001 2d; Red
Kidneys. $2 60 per ctl. ■ -
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard, 2% ®3C: Flax, nominal: Canary Seed,
2%c per lb: Alfalfa.' 9®9%c: Rape, 3@3%c; ,
Hemp. 4%-?4%c: Timothy. 4%®5%c.
DRIED FEAS-Niles, $1 2501 50; Green. $1 50
®2 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
The feeling In Potatoes Is very weak, and
prices are lower. Many of the arrivals are slow
of sale, owing to greenness. Onions are also
easy. The Vegetable market Is abundantly
supplied and weak.
POTATOES— Garnet Chiles, $1 50®1 65; Early
Rose $1 3;f?l 80; Burbanks. $1 60®2 In boxes and
$101*75 in sacks on the wharf.
ONIONS— per ctl for Silverskins.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus. 75-081 50 per box
for ordinary and SI 7",_'2 25 for fancy; Rhubarb,
25550 C per box; Green Peas, 2%c per lb; String
Beans 1%-a3c: Cabbage, 50c; Tomatoes. 85935 c
per box;' 'Rivers. 75.*: Stockton. 75®Mc: Egg
Plant $I®l 50: Green Okra. 75c per box: Garlic.
2'-i 3c 'Green Peppers. 50c® $1 for Chile and til®
1 28 per box for Bell: Carrots. 109400 per sack;
Bay Cucumbers. 60@65c: Summer Squash. 25®
40c for Bay: Green Corn, 50c®$l per sack for
Vacaville andsl 8501 50 per crate for Bay.
POULTRY AND GAME.
More Eastern will be put on to-morrow. Lo
cal stock Is nominal In the absence of receipts.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, ll®l2c for Gob
blers and 11012 c for Hens; Young Turkeys, 16
©ISc; Geese, per pair. $I@l 25: Goslings, $1 25
$150: Ducks, $3 5004 for old and $4®5 for
young; Hens, $4 5005 50; young Roosters, s6o6 50;
old Roosters, $4®4 50; Fryers, $4 50®5; Broilers,
$3 50® 4 for large, $2 5003 for small: Pigeons.
$1.25@1 50 per dozen for old and $1 2o®l 75 for
Squabs.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
All markets under this head were quiet, as
usual on Saturday, and quotations showed no
change. Eggs are quiet at the advance, and
there is no tendency toward a further advance
at the moment.
BUTTER— __H.IL
Creamery — Fancy Creamery, 20®21c; sec
onds, 19c. *■•'■ __ , 'i._Z
Dairy— Fancy. 17%®18c; good to choice, 16®
17c; store, 14® 15c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, l%c; old, 7%®Bc;
Young America. 8%99c: Eastern. 13®15c.
. EGGS— Quoted at 15*5 17% c for store and 20®
22% c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 16@17c' for
No. 1 and 14®15c for seconds.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The canners are paying the following prices:
Peaches. $20 for frees and $30 for clings; Apri
cots, $35®55 per ton. according to size and qual
ity and district: Bartlett Pears, $40050 per ton;
Green and yellow Plums, $25 per ton.
The northern steamer took out a good deal of
fruit and thereby reduced stocks considerably.
Still there was enough left on hand. The ar
rivals of Grapes were larger. . Melons were
1 weaker. Berries showed little of the usual
! Saturday improvement. Figs were higher.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples 35c®$l per large box: Crabapples, 3d
: ©500 for' small and 65075 c per large box.
BERRlES— Blackberries, $3®5 per chest:
Strawberries, $4®5 per chest for small and $1 50
02 50 for large berries: Raspberries. $3 50®5 per
1 chest; Logan berries. $Vai* per chest.
Watermelons, $15025 per 100.
i Cantaloupes. 75c®$l per box and $3 per crate;
i Nutmegs, $1 per box and per crate.
i Grapes, black and white, 600900 per crate.
1 Currants, $4®6 per chest.
Green Pears. 85075 c per box, according to
i size; Bartletts.' $I®l 25 per box.
Nectarines. 40®50c per box for white and 75c
I for red.
Figs 25040 c for single and 75c®$l per box
I for double layers of Mai and 25® 40c for white.
Apricots. 3511750 per box. '
Peaches, 25®50c per box and 25®35c per bas
ket, Crawfords, 40® 60c per box and 35®60c per
1 basket. ' • i___-J.i
Plums, 23®40c per box; Prunes, 35®60c per
crate. _
CITRUS FRUlTS— Seedling Oranges. 50c®
$1 50; Valencies. $103; Lemons, $1-31 50 for com
' mon and $202 50 tor good to choice; Mexican
Limes. $4; California Limes, 25®50c per small
box: Bananas. $1 5002 60 per bunch; Pineapples,
$I®2 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
Prices for all descriptions remain unchanged.
though the feeling is firm as a rule.
DRIED FRUITS (New Crop)— Apricots, 9%®
10% c for Royals, and 11%.*g12V4c for Moorparks;
Peaches, 7%®8%c;. Evaporated Apples, S%@9%c.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown, 5%c for four-crown, 4%®6c for Seedless
Sultanas. 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London layers; Dried Grapes, 254*330.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 7c per lb; Walnuts, s<gSc
for hardshell, 10@llc for softshell; Chile Wal
nuts, 11!& 12<- : Almonds, B@9c for hardshell. 12®
13c for softshell. 14^16c for paper-shell; Pea
nuts, 6®7c for Eastern and 4%@5c for Califor
nia: Cocoanuts, $4 50®5.
HONEY'— Comb, 'lie for bright and 10c for
light amber; water white extracted, 6%®7%c:'
light amber extracted, 6%_;6%c; dark, 6<tfs%o
per lb
BEESWAX— 24®2Sc per lb.
PROVISIONS. '
The firmness In quotations is maintained, and
the market Is as active as ever.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, B%c per lb for
heavy, 9@9%c for light medium, lie for light,
12% c for extra light and 13c for sugar cured:
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13@13%c; Califor
nia Hams,- 12®12%c; Mess Beef. $13 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef, $14: Family Beef. $15®15 50:
extra Prime Pork, $12 50: extra clear. $16 50;
mess, $15®15 "_0; Smoked Beef, 12c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 5%®5%c per lb "for
compound and 6%®7c for pure; half barrels,
pure 7%c; 10-lb tins. 7%@Bc: 5-lb tins.- B®B%c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, C%®6%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs. 1-lb palls, 60 ln a case, 9%c:
3-lb palls. 20 in a case, B%c; 5-lb palls, 12 In a
case. B%c; 10-lb palls, 6 In a case, B%c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 ln a case. 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, B%c; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about. 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10®10%c: medium. 9®9%c; light, • 9c;
Cowhides, 9c; Stags, Cc; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound, 16c; culls and brands,
13c; dry Kip and Veal, 16c; dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins. shearlings. 20®30c each; short
Wool, 35®60c each; medium. 70@90c; long Wool,
90c@$l 10 each: Horse Hides, salt.. $2(?2 25 for
large and $1 25@1 60 for small: Colts, 25®50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4@4%c per lb; No.
2. 3®3%c; refined. ; grease. 2@2%c. )\
WOOL — f prlng Clips — San Joaquin and
Southern. 7 months. 8@llc; Foothill and North
ern free. ll®14c; Foothill and Northern defect
ive, 9@llc; Nevada, U'<Jl4c; San Joaquin Foot
hill free, 10®12c; do defective. B®9c; Humboldt
and Mendocino. 16%@18c; Valley Oregon. 17©
18c; Eastern Oregon, 12@14c for choice and 9®
ll%c for. fair to good.
HOPS— IB9B crop, 1.®17%c per lb; 1899 crop,
12%®13e bid and refused.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
All kinds as previously quoted.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers*.
BEEF— 7%@B%o per tt) for Steers, and 6%®7c
for Cows. *" .'.'-.',*
VEAL— S® lie per lb.
-MUTTON— Wethers, 6%®7c; Ewes. «c per lb.
LAMB— Spring. 7%®Bc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. s\c for small, 5%®6c for
medium and 5%c for large; stock Hogs and
Feeders, 5%c; dressed • Hogs. 7®B%c. •
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 5%c: Wool
Bags. 26®28c; San Quentln Bags. $4 95.
Wellington. $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $S; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle. $6;
Bryant, $6; Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend, >$7 50:
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $9 in bulk and $10 50
in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. »12;
Cannel. $8 per ton: Rock Springs and Castle
Gate. $7 60; Coke. $12 per ton In bulk and $14
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crushed, . 5%c;
Powdered, 5%c; Candy Granulated, 5%c; Dry
Granulated. 5%c; Confectioners' A, 5%c: Cali
fornia A 4%c; Magnolia A, 4%c: Extra C, 4%c;
Golden C, 4%c; barrels. l-16c more; half
barrels, %c more; boxes, %c more: 50-lb bags.
%c more. No order taken for less than 75
barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnos, half-bar
rels, 6%c; boxes, 6%c per lb.*
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Saturday, July 15.
Flour, qr sks 10,1371 Wool, ba1e5.....;. . 757
Wheat, ctls 1.025 Hay, t0n5......... 783
Barley, ct15....;.. 53,071. Straw, tons 5
fiats, ctls I,6so' Pelts, bd15........ 147
Corn. ;ct15. ......... 10 Hides, n0......... 631
Butter, ctls 275 Eggs, d 0.. ........ 16.20
Cheese, ct15....... 32 "Julcksllver, flks. . 78
Tallow' ctls ' 105 Leather, r0115.... - 273
Beans, 5k5........ 1,681 Wine, ga15.... r... 48.450
Middlings, sks... 810 lalslns, boxes.... 1,760
Potatoes, 5k5..... 2.725 Jme.'bbls.. 273
Onions, sks 445 Chicory, bbls 35
Bran, sks 090 Sugar, bbls 1,12 a
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 3,631: .
THE STOCK MARKET.
Securities were dull, with a decline In Gas
and Electric to $71. 7V :^- :: >7
Mining stocks were stronger as a rule. Po
tosl was the leading stock, advancing to 5Se.
The telegram from the pump' said: "No. 1 ele
vator has been working continuously. At 6:30
this morning the water was « feet 3 Inches be
low the 1950- foot level station."
The Sierra Nevada Mining Company has
levied an assessment of 15 cents per share,
delinquent August 13. - 
The Con. Imperial assessment falls delin
quent in board to-morrow.^ .
The delinquent assessment sale of the Alta
Mining Company will be held to-morrow.
The annual meeting of the Union Consoli
dated Mining Company will be held to-morrow.
A special meeting of the stockholders of the
East Sierra Nevada Mining Company will be
held to-morrow to vote upon a • proposition to
diminish the capital stock from $10,000,000. di
vided into 100.000 shares of the par value of
$100 each, to $100,000. divided Into 100,000 shares
of the par value of $1 each.
Dividends of local corporations were paid
yesterday as follows: Bank of California, $3
per share; California Safe Deposit and Trust
Company, $150; Nevada National Bank, $3 50;
Wells. Fargo & Co.'s Bank, $3: Oakland Gas,
25c; Makawell Sugar' Company. 40c; Pacific
Telephone. 40c; Sunset Telephone, 25c; Sutter
Street Railroad Company, $1 25.
The Alaska Mexican mine reports for the
month ending on the 13th 13,432 tons of ore
worked, valued at $20,391, and 21" tons sul
phurets of a value of $S33S. Working expenses.
$20,-0-. Average of ore, $2 28. Gross bullion
shipment, $30,735.
The Alaska United mine reports for the
same month 25.26S tons ore and 510 tons sul
phurets, valued at $66,383. Expenses. -$12,307.
Average of ore, $2 62%. Gross bullion ship
ment, $70,694.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, July 15—12 m.
Rid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Bonds— Mutual EI Co. 14% 15%
43 quar c0up.. 112 — Oakland Gas.. 47% 48
4ti quar reg... —. — Pac Gas Imp.. 70% 71%
4s cuar new.. — — Pac LCo — 41
3s quar coup.. 108 109 8F0tG.... 70% 71%
Miscellaneous San Fran 3% —
Cal-st Cab ss. 113% — Stockton Gas.. ii —
C C Wat 55... 110% — Insurance—
V. _& P 65.... — Firem's Fund. 226 —
F & Cl Ry 6s.ll«%ll8 Bank Stocks—
Geary-st R 6s. — 100 Anglo-Cal 68 —
H C & S 5%5.107% - Bank of Ca1.. 282 300
L A Ry 55... — 107% Cal S D & T.. 98%100
LAL Co 65..' 99 — First Nation!. 22o —
Do gntd 65.. 93 — Lon P & A... .129% —
Do gntd 65.. -- 100 .Mer Exchange — 16
Market-st 65. .126%— |Nev Nat 8k...181 —
Do Ist M 55.116 — I Savings Banks—
NCN G R 78.108 — ! Ger S & L...1615 —
N Ry Cal 65..113%114 Hum H & L.1050 1160
N R of Cal 55.113%114% Mutual Say.. — ' 42%
NPC R R 6s. — — 8 F Say U... 512% —
NPC R R ss. — 105% S&_ So — 86%
N Cal R R ss.Hl. - Security SB.— 300
(i Gl.ft H ss.Hl — Union T Co.. — 1465
Oak Trnst .109 110 ' Street Railroads—
Om C By 65... 130 California 116 —
P & Cl Ry 6s. — 107% Geary M -
P & O 65..... .115 — Market-st 61 61%
Powell-st 65. -.118 122% Ua/ 8 L & H. — —
Sac El Rv Ss. — — Presidio . — 1*
S F & N P 5?. 113 — ' Powder—
S F& S JVSs.IIS 115% California .... — 165
-lerraß Cal 65. 101% — |E Dynamite... — 95
SPof A 6s-..110',.11l Giant Con Co. 73 —
sP c 6s<l-UM.112 112%'Vigcrit — 3%
SP C 65(1906). — 114% Sugar—
S P C 65'1912).118 V—t, Hana P C 0.... 17% 17%
S P C Is eg ss. — 107% Haw C & S C. 93%101
KPBr 6s — — Hutch S P Co. 33% 34
B V Wat 65... 116% — Kllauea S Co. 29% 23%
B V Wat 45...104%104% Makawell S C. 47% —
BY XV 4s(3dm)lol — Onomea S Co. 40% 41
Stktn Gas 65.. 102% — I Paauhau S P. 40% 40%
Water Stocks— I Miscellaneous—
Contra Costa.. 73 73%' Al Pac A55n. .113% —
Marin Co 50 - lUer Ld Wks.;2so —
Spring Valley. — 101%! Mer Ex Assn. 90 — *.
Gas and Electric— ' Oceanic S Co. 91% 92
Capital Gas..'. — — |Pac A F A... 1% —
Central G Co.. — — ,Pac C Bor So. — 137%
Cent L & P... 6% — Par Paint Co.. 7% —
Equit G L Co. 5 5%
Morning Session.
Board— i
100 Equitable Gas 5 00
SO Hutchinson B P Co 83 7".
100 Market Street. Railway 6100
(1000 North Ry of Cal 5 per cent bonds.. ll4 00
25 Paauhau S P Co 40 37%
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 71 00
40 S V Water 101 87%
Street—
$15,000 Oakland Transit Co 6 per cent.... 109 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session. .
Board
25 Market Street Railway 6100
30 Oceanic S S Co 91 50
20 Hana Plantation Co 17 50
30 Hana Plantation Co 17 62%
40 S F Gas & Electric Co 71 50
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
• Board
25 Contra Costa Water 73 25
15 Contra Costa Water 73 37%
60 Market Street Railway 6100
SOS V Water 101 $7%
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
. Morning Session.
--100 Best & Belcher 56 500 Hale & Norcrs. 41
200 Bullion 08 100 Justice 07
1700 Chollar 30 500 Potosl 53
300 Con Cal & V...2 05 1500 Potosl 54
3»0 Gould & Curry. 41 100 Potosl 55
400 Gould & Curry. 42 600 Savage 29
300 Hale & Norcrs. 42 100 Union Con 40
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Belcher 26 150 Mexican 57
500 Best & Belcher 65 400 Ophir 107%
500 Bullion ...: 09 300 Ophir 1 10
ISO Caledonia 67 200 Overman 13
(MO Chollar 29 300 Potosl >. 49
250 Chollar ...,.'.... 23 400 Potosl 50
25 Chollar 25 100 Potosl 51
560 Chollar 30 1500 Potosl 62
200 Con Cal & V...2 05 206 Potosl 53
200 Con Cal & V.2 02% 700 Potosl 64
100 Confidence 90 600 Potosl 55
1000 Con Imperial... 01 300 Potosi 56
600 Crown Point... 27 200 Savage 29
200 Gould & Curry. 42 200 Savage .....* 28
700 Gould & Curry. 41 (00 Sierra Nevada. 62
300 Gould & Curry. 40 400 Sierra Nevada. 61
350 Hale & Norcrs. 40 450 Yellow Jacket.. 34
. CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, July 15—12 m.
" Bid. Ask. i Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 05 Justice 06 07
Alta 09 10 Kentuck 03 03.
Andes 16 17 Lady Wash.... 01 02
Belcher 26 27 Mexican 56 57
Rest & Belcher 55" 56 Occidental 25 —
Bullion 07 OSiOphlr 110 115
Caledonia 64 65 Overman 13 14
Chollar 30 31 Potosl 63 54
Challenge Con. 25 — Savage 27 28
Confidence 85 90 Scorpion 02 03
Con Cal & V...2 00 2 lOiSeg Belcher 06 • 07
Con' lmperial... — OliSlerra Nevada. 60 -62
Crown Point... 27 28jSilver Hill 01 03
Eureka Con 40 —'Syndicate — 05
Con New York. — 04 Standard 2002 40
Exchequer ..... — 04 St • Louis...; — 16
Gould & Curry. 40 41 Union Con 39 40
Hale & Norcrs. 38 39 Utah 12 13
Julia 02 03' Yellow Jacket.. 34 35
MINING STOCKS.
Highest prices of stocks during the week.
Name of Stock.
M. | T. W. T. ! F. ! S.
05 05 04 ...,..". 0;
09 00 08.... OR 0'
17 17 18 16 16 r
82 30 301 28 27 2:
BE 04 661 53 54 51
07 0$ 07 07 06 0!
73 68 67 64 65 6'
31 30 25 261 28; 2;
26 25 • 25! 231 25 1 3
2 05 2 03 2 10 2 03 2 10 2 0!
S5 85 ....;.... 30 8,
.26 26 27 25 24 2'
41 39' 41 38 89 4!
36 36 a 7 35 391 4!
09 09' 08 07 07 0
5S Do 68 551 56 1 5i
1 10 1 05 1 10 1 06 1 tO 1 1!
16 131 13 1! 12 i:
23 22 22 221 22 t
46 43 44 -431 43 6!
27 25 25 24 1 27 T
.... .... I 41
63 61 63 61 62 C:
40 39 89 39 33 f 41
15 15 14 12 13 1,
36 34 36 33 34 3'
If.
T.
W
Alpha
Alta .• ;••••
Andes ' j
Helcher
Best & Belcher
Bullion — .-• — •!
Caledonia ■
Challenge .•
Chollar
Con Cal & V — ,
Confidence
Crown Point
Gould & Curry...
Hate & Norcrosa
Justice ...... :
Mexican ■
Ophir
Overman
Occidental
Potosl
Savage •••
Standard •
Sierra Nevada
Union
Utah
Yellow Jacket. !
j REAL -ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Omnibus Railroad Company to Omnibus
Railroad and Cable Company, re-record
|tt d 354, lot on S line of Howard
street, 215 SW of Third, SW 131:5, SE 160, NE
114:5. NW 80. NE 20, NW 80; also lot on SE
line of Tehama street, %— SW of Third, SW
197-6, SE SO. NE 12:5, SE 80, NE 125, NW 80,
NE 60, NW SO;, also lot on NW line of Folsom
street. 275 SW of Third, NW 155, SW 175. SB 75,
NE 150,. SE 80, NE 25; $5. .......
Market Street Railway Company to Henry E.
Holmes lot on NW line of Folsom street, 276
SW of Third. SW 24. NW 80. HW 150, NW 75,
NE 175, SE 75, SW 1, SE SO: $12,850. >
J Alfred and Fanny V. Marsh to Charles Lee
Tilden, lot on XV line of Pennsylvania street.
100 N of Army. N 50 by W 100; also lot on NW
corner of Indiana and Army (Colusa) streets,
N 50 by. W. 100; also, lot on NE corner of In
diana and Army streets, N 50 by E 100; $10.
Stanley and Everett W. Hosmer to Caroline
Stoehr. lot 5, block 402. South San Francisco
Homestead 'and Railroad Association; $1. '
. Rostna A. Rlokey to Ellen Welnholz (wife of
Nicholas C. lot ,on N line of Richland ave
nue, 275 E of South. E 75 by N 100, lots 46 to
48, block 7. Holly Park: $10.
Dorothea and Charles Loyn and Minnie Koh
ler (Kinspert or Klspert) and William Kohler,
to Patrick J. Unlach. lot on SW line of.Six
teenth avenue,' 450 SE of N street, SB 50 by SW
100.. 10ts 19 and 20, block 330, Case Tract; $1400.
Alameda. County.
John J. McLaughlin to R. M. Fitzgerald (In
trust for Anne McMenamln and John J. Mc-
Laughlin), lot on N XV corner of Thirteenth
and Franklin streets, N 100 by W 75. being lots
19 to 22, block 191, also property In Santa Bar- !
bara, trust deed, Oakland; $5.
Frank H. and Evalina G. Brooks to William
J. Lay.manee. lots 10 and 11. block 13. being
a fesubdivlslon of lot 20. block 13, Warner
Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
H. W. and S. A. Norman to Alys Arnett, lot
on XV line of Dellvlew street. 201.06 N of Olive,
N 75 by XV 122, being lots 16, 17 and 18. Fruit
vale Cottage Home Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10. . .-
Jemima Lnndy to W. R. Stephens, lot on F,
line of Fruitvale avenue. 257.J3 S of old county
road from Oakland to San Leandro, E 130 by
S 9S, being lots 7 and S. Henry and Philips
Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
William W. and Mary S. Rogers to May
Rogers. lot en N line of Santa Clara avenue.
li) W of Mozart street, N 11", XV ': N 50. W 33.
S 165. E 40, to beginning, being lot 11 find por
tion lot It), Enclnal Park Tract. Alameda; $10.
May Rogers to William W. and Mary S.
Rogers, same. Alameda; $10.
Emily C. Clark to Edith M. Raymond, lot 3.
block 4 Dalv's Scenic Park Tract. Berkeley: $5.
William J. Lavmance to Rowena R. Har
den, lots 1" and 11, block IS, being a resubdl
vision of lot 20. block 13. Warner Tract. Brook
lyn Township; $10.
Anna and Albert Beverley to. Paul M. Sr. and
Louise Wenther. let 16. block I. amended map
Moss Tract, subject to a mortgage. Brooklyn
Township: $3M
R. 11. Jr. and Angle Ingram to Mary A. In;
gram, % acres beginning at NW corner of SW
U of Sl* i, section 9. township 3 S. range 2 K.
thence 20 chains by S IS chains, being the N
26 acres of SW Vi of SE V . section 9 township
3 S, ranee 2 E. Murray Township; $10.
P. SL Wilcox (by J. XV. Tompkins, Tax Col
lector) to M McCann, all of lots l to 4, 7 to 10
and 12. block 757, Marsh Lands, Oakland, tax
deed; $143. .
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, . entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
SUNDAY, JULY 16.
rises a ■""
stes 7:31
i sets 11:47 p. m.
>:'
O Timel Time 'Time! iTim«;
2. Ft. Ft. I 1 Ft. i Ft.
» HW L W |H WJ IL. W-
I ... 5:69 3.4 10;3S| 1.4 5:2n! 6.5]
L Wl |H W IL Wl |H W
r ... 0:40: 0.7 7:38| 3.41 11:311 2.5. fi:l2 . 6.7
I ... 1:40! 0.2 8:» 3.7 ! 12:361 3.0 7:04 fi.O
I . 2:34'— 0.3 9;53 4.«| l:4Sl 3.1 f:OOI fi.l
> ... 3:24 — O.T 1 10:44 4.5 2:44! 3.1 9:00! 6.3
I ... 411 - l.n U:M| 4.71 3:44 S.n 1 n:50! R. 4
! ... 4:.-« -1.1 13:0* 5-<l *J* -- 7 10:46 i 6 - 4
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th«
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the" third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
'.ant tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The height*
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
th* depth given by the charts. The plane of
rpfererce Is the men- nf thr. lnn-»r lew -.-nt"i-»
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chant**' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal..
July 16, IS9D. ■
The .Ime ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c., at -noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander. U. 8. N In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Portland !St. Michael 'July 16
Pomona :Humbol't IJuly It.
America Maru.. China and Japan i.Tuly l«
Coqullle River.. Grays Harbor July IS
City of Puebla. Victoria & Puget Bound I July IS
North Fork Humboldt [July 1*
A. Blanchard... Coos Bay July 1«
Corn Bay Newport July 1.
Crescent City. . 'Crescent City J«|v V>
Arcata Coos Buy 'July 17
Homer St. Michael July lc
Columbia ...... iPorl land July 19
Corona San Diego July 19
Cleveland Puget Sound IJuly 1«
Washtcnaw .... Taeoma July 1*
Fulton Portland IJuly n
W^eott IHumboldt ! Tulv n
Aloha IPolnt Arena jJuly 19
Colon (Panama iJuly 1' •
Willamette Seattle July 20
Chas Nelson. ..l St. Michael July 20
Luplla ....ITlllamook (July 20
Bnnlta 'Newport July 21
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound July "1
Australia (Honolulu .'.[July 21
Point Arena Point Arena July 21
Mackinaw ITa^oma ....: July 21
Santa Rosa San Diego .....[July 23
State Callfornla'Portland [July 24
City of Peking. [China and Japan IJuly 2?
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Aioha 'Point Arena .July 16, 3 pmlPier 2
State of Cal Portland IJulv 17. ]» Her -M
Pt. Arena. .l Point Arena. .July 17. 2 pm Pier t
Santa RosaiSan Diego l.l'Jly 17. 11 am Pier 11
San Juan.. 'Panama IJulv 1«. 12 ra PMSS
Pomona ..JHumhnlcU Uu'v is. ?pm'Pter "
A nianch'dlCoos Bay |July 1?. 10 tan Pier 13
Coquille tt.lOr.iys Harbor|July 11, 2 Pin Pier 28
Too<= Bay-.-'Vcw^rt it,,.,- i«. « -„v - "
Arcata " |Coob Bay July ID, 10 am|Pier 13
r»tv Puebta v ' ! '- * T'-'fScl.'.Tnlv •'". i" ami' : »r ">
Wepott .-...llTumboMt 'July 20. 2 Pier 13
Portland ..|Pt. Michael. ..[July 20. 2 pmj
Corona 'Sin ni»<»n Wttl-v ft, 1' »mf'P*«r "
Fulton llTumboldt IJuly 21. 2 pm] Pier 20
America M. China &.lapanl.luly 22. 1 pm'PMSR
Columbia ..IPortland Uuly 22, 11 an Pier 2»
ClrveUr.rl ..iPnret Sound.. Uuly 22 1
BonHa ....'Newport I July 21. 9 am»Pier 11
LuellA ITillamook July 23 j..:
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. July IS.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 61*4 hours from
San DieffO, etc. -
Stmr N0y0.% Johnson. 15 hpurs from Port
Bragg. .
Stmr Aloha. Jorgenscn. 13 days from Albion.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond. S4 hours from
Departure Bay.
Br ship Earl of Dunmore, Kay. 87 days from
Newcastle, Aus.
Ship Standard. Getchell. 31 days from Hono
lulu.
Park Mohican. Kelly., 34 days from Honolulu.
Bktn City of Papeete, Berude. 31 days from .
Tahiti.
Bktn Planter. McNeill, 21 days from Hono
lulu.
Bktn Robert Sudden, Birkholm. 22 days from
Honolulu.
Brig Consuelo. Page. 2,". days from Mahukona.
Schr Aloha, Dabel, 25 days from Honolulu.
CLEARED.
Saturday, July 15.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego;
Goodall. Perkins & Co. *
Aus stmr Slam, Raiclch. Nanaimo; John Ro
senfeld's Sons.
Br shlo Benares, Sims, Queenstown; G XV
McNear.
\ SAILED.
Saturday, July 15.
Stmr Bonlta. Nicolsnn. San Pedro. '
Stmr Umatilla, Cousins, Victoria and Port
Townee nd.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman. Seattle.
• CHARTERS.
The Archer loads' mdse for Hilo; XV G Ir
win, mdse for Honolulu.
SPOKEN.
June 22, lat 1 N. ion 29 W— Br ship Norma,
from Oregon, for Queenstown.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived July 15— Schr
Wm F Wit7.man. fn.m Taktt.
EUREKA— Arrived July 14— Schr John A,
hence July 7.
■ Sailed July 14— Stmr Westport, for — ; stmr
Pasadena, for San Pedro. . .
FORT ROSS— Arrived July I.".— Schr Mary C,
hence July 13
TACOMA— Arrived July Schr J B Leeds,
hence June 25; Haw schr Honolulu, hence June
29; stmr Cleveland; hence July S. -July 14 —
Stmr Walla Walla, hence July. 10: stmr Oriza
ba, from.Dyta: Helen N Kimball, from
Eureka. .:.".:.
Sailed July 13— Sclir Me.tha\ Nelson, for San
Francisco. July 'l4— Stmr Orizaba, for Seattle;
stmr Queen, for Alaska.
DUTCH HARROR— -Whaling stmr
Belvedere, hence March 1; whaling stmr Wm
Baylies, hence Feb 2S; V S stmr Grant, from
Eureka; US stmrs Thetis and Richard Rush.
with I' 8 stmr Nunlvak in tow, from Seattle.
Sailed July C— Stmr Charles Nelson, for St
Michael. -
SEATTLE— Arrived July 15— Stmr Farallon,
from "Dyea. .
Sailed July 15— Stmr Cleveland, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Humboldt, for Dyea.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 14— Ship R D
Rice, from London. . . •
; FOREIGN PORTS. '7: 7; V
COLON— Arrived July 12— Stmr. Allianca. fm
New Y'or'-'-.
BEACH V* HEAD— Passed July 14— Br ship
Reliance, from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
. ANTWERP— Sailed July 13— Ship Falls of
Af ton, for San Francisco.
ACAPULCO— Arrived July 15— Br bark Cam
brian Princess, from Newcastle. NSW. '
NANAlMO— Arrived July 14— Br ship Robert
Adamson, from Muravan, to sail July 15 for
San Fr.inclsco.
- TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
• LIVERPOOL— Arrived July 13-Stmr Etruria.
from New York; stmr Georglc, from New York.
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived July 15 — Stmr
Friederlch ' der . Grosse; : from New" York. for
Bremen.
AUCTION SALES.
CHAS. LEVY & CO.,
Auctioneers and Commission Merchants.
Salesroom. 1135 Market St.. Bet. 7th and Sth.
TO-MORROW. I
MONDAY, July 17. 1«.?. at 11 o'clock a.Tm..
at private residence. 1230 POST ST., corner
Franklin, we are Instructed to sell one Grand
Chickerlng Piano, Superior Parlor Lpholstery.
4 Upright Mirror-front Folding Beds, Mantel
Mirror? Odd Bureaus, Best of Missfon Blankets
and Bedding, Cherry and Oak Book Cases.
Chiffoniers. Sideboards. Single-door Armolres
and Wardrobe-, English Body Brussels Carpets
throughout the house. Extension Tables. Chairs.
Crockery and Glassware, Silverware, Cutlery
I and other Household Goods too numerous to
mention. CHAS. LEVY & CO.. Auctioneers.
I' 8.- For full partclulars see Chronicle and
Examiner. '.-'•'-?-: '
AUCTION SALE!
___-» &*. Fes
THURSDAY. July 20, at 11 o'clock.
At GREAT WESTERN HORSE MARKET.
310 GOLDEN GATE AYE..'
1 will sell at public auction 60 head of draft
and driving horses, suitable for all purposes.
This stock is in fine condition and will be sold
without limit or reserve.
S. W ATKINS. Auctioneer.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE OP 25 HEAD OF
STANDARD-BRED HORSES,
From 5 to 7 years old. at Hull's stables. 226
Fourteenth street, between Howard and Mis-
sion, at 11 o'clock. FRIDAY. July 21. To be
sold without reserve to close out an extra let
of fine animals formerly owned and bred by
Captain Harris. They are from standard mare*
by such sires as Ford-tan 22.120, by Elec-
tioneer 125 and Dawn 6407 (record 2:18%).
by Nutwood 600, B, B. BRYAN. Agent.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
fi^ Steamers leave Broadway
|TOk_ wharf. Pan Francisco:
it_B_3l_fc_ For Alaskan prrts. 10 a. m..
_!-W3_£iN_& July 15. 20, 25. W, August 4.
3 B-_____C^El For Victoria, \ancouver <B.
i ffi»___S «1 For Victoria. Vancouver 18.
i *i?i_— _**%_% C i Port Townsend. Seatt.».
If-^^^^ffi Tacoma, Everett. Anacortee
1 and New Whaf-m ,h - n '
10 a. m.'. July 15, 20. 2o 30
B~ABxWM^ k
I 13 IS. 2.1. 2S. August 2, and every fifth day
thereafter Monterey. Pan Simeon.
< "Port Harford .San Luis ; spo .
i-,_r fflS-_»SSas!SStES ?s
Sa ßv hSBSt. 855382. «**•-
f '^ h E d nlen^:: e M^a>na Bay. Snn Jose dM
Cabo. Ma-_atlan Altata La Paz. -^*» «°**^
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. .th ot eacn
! Tor'further obtain folder
The comrany reserves the right to manse
' without pwrtois notice steamers, sailing date,
?riOKKT f MJt«K -4 New Montgomery
.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spenr-street Wharf at '« a- »'
ripe SI2 First Class IncludlnK:BerUl
rAnt $8 Second Class and Meals.
[ Columbia sails July 22. .
State of California sails July 1.. 27. ....
i Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane.
i Helena and all points In the Northwest.
! Through tickets to all points East
I E. C. WARD, General Agent.
6.0 Market street.
i GOODALL, PERKINS & |>jgggg
«.«^u_-.n __.. Superintendent.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
STEAMER UMATILLA,
Sailing from San Francisco JULY 15,
Will connect at Seattle with the North Ameri-
can Trading and Transportation Company's
steamer Roanoke for ST. MICHAELS .GOLO-
VIN BAY CAPE NOME and all points on the
YUKON RIVER.
Through rates quoted, through tickets sold,
through bills of lading given.
TICKET OFFICE. 4 New Montgomery rt.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Frnncisco.
ALASKA COMMERCIAL CO.
FOR ST. MICHAEL.' GOLOVIN BAY. CAPE
NOME. DAWSON AND ALL POINTS
ON YUKON RIVER.
The New Steamers
BERTHA AND PORTLAND
Will leave San Francisco between 15th and
20th of July for above points, making prompt
connections with our river steamers on the
For freight, passage and further information
apply to
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
310 Sansome St., San Francisco. Cal.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound. •
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m. -
St. Paul JulyplSt. Paul August 18
New York.... August 2 New York.. . .August 23
St. Louis August 9; St. Louis August 30
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Friesland July 19' West ernland ...Aug. 9
Adria July 26 Kensington Aug. IS
Southwark ..August 2 Noordland Aug. 23
EMPIRE LINE. 7
Seattle. St. Michael, Dawson City. ■
For full information regarding height and pas-
sage app^i* to
INTERNATIONAL NAVI3ATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St.. or any of its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brnnnan streets. 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with ! steamers Ccr
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
cf salltns. •* ■:.*.*-"'V*r.*- ' .
AMERICA MARU Saturday. July 22
HONGKONG MARU Thursday. August 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply nt company's office,
421 Market St., corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
P__m*Mtl___\ The S. S. Australia
Eppgga:salls for Honolulu
gaaSBIBW Wednesday, July 26.
■■ at 2 p. ra.
_s* T-^N S, S. Moana sals
ipamchir.--' via Honolulu and
HWIIIJIHU Auckland for Sydney
/ofnß^l?U-' We<3n * ?a,,a 5 : - An ? * ! 9 .
V-f!Il r -U2'.ej st 10 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa New Zealand, Australia, India. Suez.
England. etc.;|6lo first class.
J. 0. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts., ll* Montgomerj
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight 32 7 Market SI.
COMPAONIE GENERALS TRANBATLANTiaOE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -££**.
"--.ling every Saturday at 10 a. m. <&SM>
from Pier 42. North River, foot of -*■«•_-___
Morton st. LA BRETAGNE. July 22; LA GAS-
COGNE July 23: LA TOURAINE, August 5;
LA CHAMPAGNE, August 12; LA BRE-
TAGNE August 19. First-class to Havre. %—
and upward, 6 per cent reduction on round trip.
Second-class to Havre. *45, JO per cent reduction
en round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broadway
(Hudson building). New York. J. F. FUGAZI
&-CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Montgomery
aye.. San Francisco.
BAY AND 78-IVKB STEA__.2r-.RS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. iJ. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at S a. m.
dairy, returning from Stookton at fi p. m.
daily (Saturday excepted). Regular st-tamers
leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m.
daily (excepting Sunday). ■■ -/• *'
CALIFORNIA, NAV. AND IMP. CO.
. Telephone Main SO5.
FOR U. S. HAYY-YARD AND YALLEiO.
Steamer "Monticello*."
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m.. 3:15. 8:30 p. m. ; (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
! days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. m.. ;-S
! p. m.* Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
fare ..........::;..:. ;..v.;.. v
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
1516
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until IS o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery treer.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
257 Hayes street: open until 9: , 5 , 0 o °^ 10 !*,' v.
63$ McAllister street; open until 9: JOoclock.
US Larkln street: open unt 1 f 9.30 ? «locK r
*"-._ Mission street; open until 10 clot
-2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth, open
until 9 o'clock. _ - „.„,„
160 Eleventh street: open until 9 clock.
2526 Mission street: open until 9 ° c, <*** X
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets; open until 9 " clock.
CHI II SERVICES. V
HOWARD Street Methodist Episcopal Church.
Howard bet Second and Third streets-Morn-
ine ervice 11 a m._ anthem. Let Not -our
Heart _'■* Troubled" iTrembacb). offertory.
"Pra „o _ !,10. "The Holy City ' (Adams) Mrs
•.rUon Hilton; .sermon by Rev. George
B^ugh' evening service. 7:30 p. m.; anthem.
"Ye Men Of Galilee" (Lewis); offertory; 50-
, .. v -,. • -:... "The Unseen Kingdom (Lane).
Mr, Addle McClunle. Sermon by Rev.
George Baugh. , —
central Methodist Episcopal Church Mis-
sion Street, between Sixth and . enth-Dr.
Charles^Edward Locke, pastor. . Class meet-
Ings 9:30 a. m. and 12:30 p. m. At 11 a. m...
address by Chaplain Gilbert of the Oregon.
Raiment-subject, -Religious Conditions of
the Philippines." Sunday-school, " p. m.,
Mr! Rolla V Watt, superintendent. Endeavor
Society, 6 p. m. At 7:45 p. m. Dr. Locke^s
subject will be. "Sermons In Stones, or Les-
sons From a Visit to the Yosemite Em-
body invited. Seats free. Music led by ■»<■■-
ruschoir and quartet. Mr. J J Morris. choir ,
master. Midweek service Wednesday even-
ing.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church .corner Pow- •
ell and Geary streets-Rev. John Hemphill.
D D Pastor. Services at 11 a. m. .and 7:45 |
pm. Topic, evening. "A Fixed Heart the
Secrtt of a Restful Life." Morning music:
Quartet. "out of the Depths" CMarston). of-
TT-rtory. alto solo. "I Heard the A ooc (Shel-
don), Miss C. van. Evening music • Quar-
tet. "Nearer. My God to Thee « s **"»£*>*
..frertory. barytone solo. Mr. J. <• Hughes.
Strangers visiting the city and friends cor-
dially Invited. .
•HOWARD Presbyterian Church, corner Oak
"and Baker streets (Panhandle of Golden Gate
?'ark)-Sunday-school at 9:30 a. m Services j
at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m. by Rev. J. 8. ,
Thomas, pastor-elect- Morning. Gods Com- j
promise With Moses": evening, A Sensible
conclusion" Christian Endeavor meeting at
at 6-45 P m. Wednesday evening prayer
meeting at 7:45. A_cordial_welcome to all.
FIRST Congregational Church corner Post and
Mason streets-Rev. George C. Adams DD
pastor, will preach morning and evening. 11
a. m. theme, "Transfiguration : .:45 p. m.
theme. "The Fall of the Bastile." All are
cordially Invited^ ' -
SEVENTH-DAY Adventist Church. *_..'£*
Lasuna st., between McAllister and Golden
Gate aye— J. O. Corliss, pastor Ser-
vices Sabbath (Saturday.) Sabbath school at
9:45 a. in. Preaching at 11 o'clock. A series
of discourses every Sunday evening at . :4.>
o'clock. Subject to-night. "The Rise of Con-
stitutional Government as Brought to A lew In ,
Prophecy." Seats free. All cordially wel-
come. .
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist. Central
block 223 Sutter St., bet. Kearny and Grant
Christian Science Bible lesson. am.;
subject. "Truth." Sunday-school for children
at the same hour. Wednesday evening meet-
ing at S o'clock. All are welcome.
THE West Side Christian Church— Services at
ll a m. and S p. m. Preaching by Pastor M
i V Williams. Subjects— Morning, "'The Har-
vest and the Prayer"; evening. "The Way.
Sunday-school at 10 a. m. Y. P. S. C. _. at
7 p. m.
NEW JERUSALEM Church (Swedenhorglan).
1626 O'Farrell st. The pastor. Rev D. V.
Bowen, will preach at 11 a. m. Subject:
"The Old and the New Doctrine of the
Atonement." Free library of New Church
books. No evening services.
REORGANIZED Church of Jesus Christ. 320
Post -Preaching, 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m.
by G T Griffiths. All persons interested in
tiie Gospel of Jesus Christ are Invited to come
and hear This church was organized by com-
mand of God to proclaim the restored Gospel
a? a sign of the end. All welcome.
THE Theosophical Society— By request Dr. A.
Marques, president Aloha Lodge, T. S. of
Honolulu, will deliver the second lecture on
"Mysteries of Sound and Music," to-night. 8
o'clock Odd Fellows, building, cor. Seventh
and Market sts. Inquirers' meetings, Thurs-
day. 3 p. m.. Library* Headquarters.
6PECL-L gospel meetings every evening, ex- ■
cept Monday and Saturday, at 8 o'clock at
the hall. 11 City Hail Square, near Market j
st. Subject Sunday evening, "The Two Resur- ,
rections " H. A. Ironside, evangelist. Sun-
day school and Bible class Sunday mornings
ittV.S" o'clock. Come — bring your Bible.
MEETINGS — Universal Brotherhood. I
UNIVERSAL BROTHERHOOD.
THEOSOPHY.
New Century (weekly) $1.50 yearly. Editor,
Katherlne A Tingley; Universal Brotherhood
Magazine (monthly) $2 yearly,. Editors Kather-,
lne A Tinglej and E. A. Neresheimer. Publi-
cations devoted to teachings of Brotherhood on
the broadest lines. "Key to Theosophy," by
II P Blavatskv, $1 50; "Ocean of Theosophy,"
by W. Q. Judge, 50c. For Information of the !
work and book list, address E. A. Neresheimer.
144 Madison avenue New York; Pacific Coast
agency. Academy of Sciences building, 819 Mar-
ket street, loom 30. ■
THEOSOPHICAL Society in America— j
to-night, "The Masters or Compassion." Mrs.
Mercie M. Thirds. International Brotherhood j
League, Tuesday night. "The Pariahs of So- j
cietv." Mrs. M. E. Fountain and Dr. J. A.
Anderson. Academy of Sciences Hall, 819
Market street.
MEETINGS Sunday.
A FREE lecture this evening at 8 o'clock on
"The Bubonic Plague." by Dr. J. Depew*
Kergan (of Drs. K. & K-'s Electric Sani-
tarium), at Crystal Hall. Pythian Castle. 909
Market st., followed by magnificent art
views. Those attending this lecture may pro-
cure free tickets to the wonderful X-ray ex-
hibition at the Sanitarium on Tuesday even-
ing next.
JOHN SLATER, the wonderful platform test
medium, will hold one of his marvelous test
seances to-night at 8:15, Scottish Hall, 107
Larkln st. Mr. Slater Invites investigators,
liberal thinkers and spiritualists to attend.
Admission, 10c- __^_
AT Dr. Rlnes' spiritual society. 909 Market, 11-
-3-8, free; Mrs. A'igers. Gillingham, Johnson:
doctor's office. 1236 Market; Tuesday, 1233
Howard; Wednesday, 909 Market, 8 p. ,m.
TEST meetings, 8 p. m.. Su., 10c; Tues., Thur..
2, 8 p. m.. 10c; letters answered: sittings. Mrs.
C. J. Meyer and others. 335 McAllister et.
TO-NIGHT. 117 Larkln St.: Mrs. Sehlesinger,
Bishop, Garrison and others; ballot tests;
questions and slate writing; 10 cents.
VITAL electro- magnetic treatments; nervous-
ness a specialty. MRS. PFILE. 301 Polk st. ;
phone Folsom 56.
MRS. HARLAND, trance medium psychomet-
rist; test circle, 8 p. m. ; articles read; 10c.
HA Geary st.
A TEST develop, healing meeting. Sun., 2 and
8 p. m.. 10c; 9A Sixth; R. A. Stitt, Mr. Vig-
ers, others.
M FRANCES, Independent slate-wrltlng me-
dium. 118 Haight st. ■
A— MRS. EBERHARDT, test meeting, 8:15, 10c.
3250 22d st., bet. A'alencia and Mission.
CO-OPERATIVE Brotherhood free meeting; 909
Market St.; 2 p. m. ; welcome.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing spirit messages to-
night; 10c; 605 McAllister; Mrs. Seal's lecture.
AT Friendship Hall, 335 McAllister St., test and
articles read; Mrs. C. J. Meyer and others.
"THE Lines of the Hand." PALMIEA, 301
Polk, cor. Fulton, Monday, 8 p. m. ; free.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing, etherealizlng
seance, 8 p. m. ; 50c. 409 Leavenworth st. . ■ •
C STEERS. 112"4 Oak— Circles Tues. 8 p. m.,
Thurs. 2 p. m., 25c: reading SI.
MEETING NOTICES.
FUNERAL Notice— Officers and mem- a
bers of Mission Lodge No. 169, F. and A
A. M . are hereby notified to attend TS__2c
the funeral of our late brother, EL'-'V'
WARD S. REDDY, late a member of Inyo
Lodge No. 251, F. and A. M., THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 9:30 a. m.. from Mission Masonic
Temple, 2608 Mission st. Funeral committees
of sister lodges please take notice. By order
of the AY. M.
H. C. BUNKER. Secretary.
' UNITY Lodge No. ML I. O. O. F., _^m^.
Sixteenth and Valencia— lnitiation —__W__
TUESDAY EA'EN ING. July 18. .*^§«»s??
WILL J. FRENCH. N. G. -'W'y->
R. L. SIMPSON. Bee. Sec.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 310. I. 0. -____U_<ee,
O. ]•'.. 2319 Mission et.— lnstalla- __g2j»___C__.
tion of officers MONDAY EVEN- *^!!**j_?F
ING. July -17. 1899. -^'/Ilvs*^
DR. J. A. BORN, N. O.
J. AVISBET, Secretary.
A. (' H. DIVISION NO. 2.— A special *_<-**'».
meeting of this division will be held «J\ww
at Hlbernla Hall. 120 Ninth st., on . Jl W
THIS DAY (SUNDAY), July 16, 1599. JC_y»
at 2:30 p.m. Business of Importance. *c¥H£
PARTLY LEE. President.
T. H. CLANCY. Secretary.
REBEL Cork Benevolent Association will hold
the thirteenth annual picnic at Shell Mound
Park. Berkeley. SUNDAY. August C, UM.
Valuable gate and game prizes will be con-
tested for. - A new Domestic sewing machine,
value $75, is 'selected as first gate prize. Mu-
Ms liv a union band.. Professors McCarthy
and McMahon are engaged for the reel and
Jig dancing. Adults' tickets, 50c; children,
under 12 rears, free.
BRICKLAYERS' International Union of Cali-
fornia No. I' meets first -and third Monday I
each month. 1159 Mission st. :,* :»>.'.; ",
MEETING NOTICES.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived an application from H. AY. Tanger-
man to mine by the hydraulic process in the
Clinton placer mine, at Clinton, Amador Coun-
ty, and to deposit tailings In Jackson Creek,
gives . notice that a meeting will be held
at room 69, Flood building. San Francisco,
Cal.. on July 31. 1599. at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the San Francisco
end San Joaquin Valley Railway Company
will be held at the office of the company. No.
821 Market st., San Francisco, Cal.. on
TUESDAY, the ISth day of July, 1899, at the
hour of 2 p. m.. for the purpose of _ electing a
Board of Directors to serve for the ensuing
year, and the transaction of- such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting.
ALEXANDER MACK lE. Secretary.
ACCOUNTANTS.
S. K. BALLARD. 401 Cal. St.. designs, audits &
■ adjusts accounts for corporat lons & firms, ret.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
& GALLAGHER— James G. Ma-
guire (ex-Congressman) and Jarrtes L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
ing, 825-855 Market St.; tel. South 215.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. AA .
HOWE, atty at law, &50 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADA'ICE free; no charge unless successful. AY.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St., opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARKE— Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market: consultation free; no fees In advance.
BICYCLES Sale- or Ex^""Kf^.
TRIBUNE blcvcle, almost new. $30; Cleveland
low frame. $20. J. HoI.LE. 20th and Folsom.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
AT 415 First st.— Nicely furnished rooms, with
board, $5 a week up; Swedish home; parlor.
ATLAS, 1001 Sutter— New, beautifully furnished
sunny' suites, single r., reas. ; board optional.
LAS PALMAS, 1820 Market— * bed-
rooms, suitable for 4; private: bath; board op.
O'FARRELL, 742— Large front room; running
water: home cooking: also single rms., $20 up.
POWELL, 309 (Hotel AA'aldorf). facing Union
Sq.— Restaurant, dining rm. : cen. for lunches.
FITTER, 1128— Lovely sunny rooms with board:
pretty garden: home cooking.
ROOMS AND BOARD ANTED.
BOA' 13 years wishes a room and board in a
respectable family between Market and Fol-
som, 3d and 4th sts.; $S mo. Box 4.'0-. Call.
2 UNFURNISHED rooms and board; man and
2 boys. J. L. M., 367 A St.. Oakland.
LADY of refinement desires room and board;
private family; $3". refs. BOX 4549, Call,
GENTLEMAN wants room and board for child
of 4; central. Box 4666, Call office.
. HOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
WANTED— One or two small children to board;
good home; references. !>l6 Thirtieth st.,
Oakland. __^ ,__
WANTED— I or 2 children to board; use of
piano. 306 Bartlett st. *
GOOD home for two children over 2 years old.
239 A Shipley st.
CHILD boarded for $3 per month; good home.
Box 4569. Call.
REFINED, experienced nurse has a comfort-
able home for infants: $10 mo. 531 A Castro st.
i ii WE——— "^"*^"
BOOKS— NEW AND OLD,
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Book Co., 704 Mission St., near Third.
BUSINESS CHANCES. .
A— SALOON on corner; near Market St.: cen-
trally located; must sell. COWING & CO..
995 Market st. -
TEN acres fine fruit land; will sell or ex-
change for business. COWING _* CO.. 995
Market St.
FINE steam laundry; best in the city; must be
sold. COWING & CO.. 995 Market st.
$250— PARTNER wanted in saloon requiring the
attention of 2 men. pert cash If desired. MC-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777% Market st.
$150— STATIONERY and book store; bargain.
MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 7.: 1 . Market St.
PARTNER wanted in saloon requiring the
attention of 2 men; part cash if desired. MC-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 777% Market st.
PARTIES wishing to sell their businesses— l
have a list of buyers on hand for all kinds of
businesses. EITEL, 1008% Market St.
I HAA'E a list of wood-paying grocery stores,
saloons, bakeries, coffee houses, restaurants,
hotels, merchandise, etc. ; Bold and exchanged.
Call and see my list. EITEL, loos'. Market.
MILK anU chicken ranch; $2000 cash, balance
on time; a fine-paying property across the
Lay, will pay for itself in a short time; in-
cludes land, 15 cows, 800 'chickens, house,
barn, orchard, etc.; retiring on account of
old age; no agents. Particulars, address box
4655. Call office.
BUSINESS chances sold and exchanged; insur-
ance placed; money loaned on real estate se-
curity; collections promptly made. If you
have a business to sell bring it to M. A.
BROOKS, 12 Golden Gate aye.
ART saloon for sale, including Jap statue.
$150,000 (one hundred and fifty thousand dol-
lars); will sell saloon, lease, stock, fixtures,
works of art, etc., much less, of course; no
letters answered.
THE finest stock system In existence; loss im-
possible; will assure income and guarantee
principal for percentage of profits. Stock
Broker, P. O. box 1354, New York.
FIRST-CLASS paying butcher, sausage and
pork-packing business for sale ln one of. the
best towns north of San Francisco. For par-
ticulars Inquire at this office.
COUNTRY newspapers for sale; all kinds of
propositions: printing presses. AA'. F. COR-
NELL & CO., Printers' Exchange. 518 Sacra-
mento st.
PARTNER, small capital, to open oyster and
chop house; money to be spent in business;
no experience. Box 4961, Call office.
WANTED — Good dressmaker to occupy part of
. millinery' store. Address A. — Call branch
office, 387 Hayes st.
A BLACKSMITH shop; country; Clearing over
8150 per month; bargain. Address Mrs. E.,
361 Fifth st.
GOOD paying saloon In the business center of
city. Inquire Rathskeller, 644 California st.
SHOE store and repairing for sale cheap, with
or without stock. Nineteenth and Castro sts.
FOR sale— Cigar store: 2 living rooms; stock
and fixtures below cost. 312 Third st.
SALOON and flat 6 rooms, opposite" two rail-
- road depots. 721 Davis st.
CARPENTER shop for sale. Address box 4636,
Call office.
$200— SALOON with good business. Inquire 636
Third st.
FOR sale cheap— Grocery and bar at 218 Dore
street. »
WANTED— man with $2000 cash to
carry stock of goods and manage branch busi-
ness; $150 per month and expenses; also extra
percentage; permanent position; references re-
quired.. HENRY VERNON, Boyce building,
Chicago.
8750— WANTED, a good business man as part-
ner In an old-established fruit and produce
commission house ln wholesale district; refer-
ences given and required. For further particu-
lars address box 4564, Call office.
RESTAURANT In vicinity of Market and 3d
sts.; $700; installment plan; trial given; rare
opportunity. Apply 827 Mission st.
FOR SALE— Bottle beer establishment; does a
cash business of $2000 per month. Address
box 4557, Call office.
SHOE shop: pays well: low rent; -good prices;
must be sold; make offer. 332 Bush St.
RESTAURANT— be sold in 10 days; owner
'leaving the city. Apply Call office.
FOR sale— AVith 5 years' ■ lease, grocery and
bar. Post and Devisadero sts.
FIRST-CLASS grocery and bar. Inquire Call
office.
AVANTED— Buyer for good -paying butcher shop;
removed to country. Apply 320U Shotwell at.
$150— FOR sale, a small oyster place. 625 Pine
street. . !
i •■
AVANTED— Cigar store within 4 blocks of Em-
porium. Call saloon, 777 Market st.
SALOON with good business In good location.
NAUER, ALFS & BRUNE. 323 Market St.
RESTAURANT for sale. 202 Ninth St. .'
PARTNER wanted in old-established meat
. market, Box 4574. Call.
MISSION St.; Glen Park; new car line; the
best grocery corner lot for. sale. 413 Kearny.
FOR sale— A fruit 6tore, with horse and wagon;
. paying business.. 209>_ Second st.
$2000— GROCERY, general merchandise, hay
and grain; horse and wagon; cause of sale.
mining. Address Call branch office, San
Jose, cal.
A— MILLINERY store at great bargain; sick-
ness cause of sale. COWING — CO., 995 Mar-
ket st. . . .
FOR sale— First-class fitted up saloon near
Market st. Apply at 14 Mason st., bet. 2 and
6 p. in.
FOR Coffee, tea, crocke- and notion
store for sale; must be sold soon as possible;
cause sickness: a very good chance: stand 14
years; no agents. Apply 1176 Harrison st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 16, 1899.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.^
TWENTY-SECOND and Castro sts.— Store fix-
tures for groceries and bar. Key 125, Mission.
OLD-ESTABLISHED grocery and bar; cheap.
S. W., cor. Eleventh and Mission sts.
SALOON and lunch house for sale at 150 First
St., corner Natoma; no agents.
FOR sale Coffee, tea, crockery and notion
store for sale; must be sold soon as possible;
cause sickness; a very good chance; stand 14.
years; no agents. Apply 1176 Harrison St.
CLOTHING, boot and shoe and furnishing
goods business ln thrifty condition; 50 miles
from San Francisco; fine climate and good
business point. Box 4865, Call office.
GROCERY and bar; well stocked; cheap. Ap-
ply WICHMAN. LUTGEN & CO.. 320 Clay st.
HAIRDRESSING store; good stock and fix-
tures; must sell; sickness. Box 4891. Call.
TO sell or exchange— Business, any kind. Ap-
ply AY. B. DENNISON, 783*. Market St.
SALOON and 6-room lodging house, completely
furnished, for sale. 80 Jackson st.
$1 50—1000 BILLHEADS, cards, noteheads or
statements printed; catalogue printing. MEL
A. BLEY, 511 Sacramento St.; tel. Main 1836.
GOOD country hotel for sale. Inquire 615 San
Pablo aye., Oakland; no agents.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
XV. CASWELL ft CO.'S.. 415 Sacramento st.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS. '
CART? sulky, $8; business buggy and har-
ness, $40. Call to-day. 1831 Eddy st.
FOR sale cheap— Second-hand lumber wagons
by H. F. GRINNELL. 125 Steuart st.
SINGLE or double express wagons; buggies,
etc. 521 Mission St.
LADY'S phaeton; good condition. Apply 2150
Pacific aye., Alameda. . ,■
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EG AN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN You become disgusted with pcor work
send to SPAULDING* Pioneer Carpet-
beaflng AVorks. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned, 3c per yard. H. L. JONES.
300 McAllister St., cor. Larkln; tel. Mint 1601.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter. St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. AVALCOM. Proprietor.
J McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission .4.
U. S. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn.. SOS I Golden
Gate; carpets cleaned. 8c yd.: tel. Mint 346.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye. ; tel. East 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing; a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Spear st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MISS J. B. DWYER, the distinguished clair-
voyant and medium; those in trouble or who
wish to know their future should consult this
gifted medium immediately, either in person
or by letter; Miss Dwyer graduated under. the
highest professor in occultism and is master
of the power by' which she can reveal your
entire life; also the lives of those in whom
you are Interested; satisfaction guaranteed by
mail, $1; reduced rates to the poor. 917 Markt.
WONDERFUL success; Mme. Cllngman, from
New York; scientific palmistry, astrologlst;
readings. 50c and $1. 613 Tenth St.. Oakland.
MISS A L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 28 Sixth St., rooms 2-3.
MME HANSON, card reader and palmist; past.
present and future, 25c. 14S Sixth st., room 12.
CARD reading; ladles. 10c; gentlemen, 25c.
Room 9. IBS'. Howard st. i
MME. HAVES, card reader, removed from 207
Powell st. to 1 Fifth st.. room 1.
MME MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
CONSULT on matters of business health and
happiness LAJHI. the Psychic. 120 A Eddy st.
MME RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
RESPONSIBLE card reader tells your future by
cards; satisfaction guar.; 25c. 1322 Mission.
YOUR future told by cards. 25c; Sunday hours,
7 to 10 p. m. 326 Larkln st., room 6.
MME AUGUST, 1150 Mission St.. clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
MME SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
AT Larkspur— Cottage furnished or unfur-
nished. 31S California St.. room 20.
COTT \GE 5 rooms and bath; newly renovated;
modern; Presidio Heights; 407 Laurel st.
MADISON & BURKE.
COTTAGE 5 rooms and bath; flrst-class condi-
tion; large garden: rent $16. 3824 Nineteenth.
SUNNY cottage of 4 rooms and bath and base-
ment. 919 Capp at. i . *
FOR sale or to let— 2 or 3 cottages ln perfect
order cheap; key at 1422 Montgomery st.
HARRISON, -Five-room cottage, $14 per
month.
TURK Cottage. 4 rooms; also 3-room rear
cottage; large stable; very reasonable.
5-ROOM and bath cottage on Tenth aye.. near
Point Lobos; cheap. JACOB HEYMAN. 19
Montgomery st.
DENTISTS.
a777]jr7"~T~s7"iIIGGINS' Dental Parlors, 927
Market st., over Cafe Zlnkand; teeth extract-
ed or filled without pain; electricity, gas or
chloroform administered; the best and most
artistic work at reasonable prices; pure gold
filling, from $1; other fillings, from 50c;
plates, from 81 50; flesh colored plates, from
$5* porcelain or gold crown and bridge work
(per tooth), from $3. AYe guarantee our work.
Open evenings and Sundays.
A DISCOUNT of 20 per cent on all plates and
bridge work until August 1 to Introduce our
new liesh-colored plates; thinner and stronger
than rubber; warranted for 20 years; crown
and bridge work teeth without a plate: fill-
ings, 10c; crowns, $3 50; plates, full set, $5;
all work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sunday. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method: crowns, $2; bridges, 84;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth. $4; fillings. 25c up; gold
crowns, $3; gold bridges, $5 up; painless ex-
traction guaranteed; plates repaired. NEAV
YORK DENTISTS. 969 Mission St.. cor. 6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN A'ROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years: lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market st.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Fillings. 50c Up; crowns,
$3 up; open evenings. 860 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. EL O.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
387 GEARY St.— Dresses made,' $6 up; dresses
made over: perfect fit: organdies and lawns
■ ' **■■■■
EDUCATION AI».
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSINESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
Ehorthand, typing, languages. English- 24
teachers: day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.
HOLMES' College of Oratory— Term opens
August 1; elocution, literature, rhetoric, phy-
sical culture, Delsarte, vocal music, piano,
violin. Journalism, practical acting, stam-
mering corrected; 15 Instructors; degrees con-
ferred; day and evening classes. Address sec-
retary for catalogue, Odd Fellows' bldg., S.F.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship,. English branches, etc.: life
scholarship. $50; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
even. Ban Francisco Bus. College. 123S Mkt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, eleotrical. min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, arch!.; day & eve.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
HALLETTS School and Agency. 40 Ellis St.;
. secure dramatic and vaudeville engagements.
INSTRUCTION ln dancing, ballroom or stage.
Mon. and Frl. evgs. Prof. O'Brien. 107 Larkin.
DANCING, ballroom, stage, taught; private or
class. _________ Post St.. near Powell.
SPANISH ln 2 months: 81 a week: 4 to 9 p. m.
Room 10, fifth floor. Y. M. C. A. building.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
day & night; terms low. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
THE Studio, 1083 Sutter; piano, violin, clari-
net, cornet, English and German, 60c lesson.
EDUCATIONAL. '
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, stenography, pri-
vate lessons, 45 mo. ; top flat. 614 Hayes st.
PIANO lessons by a competent teacher; ten
years' experience; 60c an hour. 620 Eddy st.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 Larkln St., opp. City Hall.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary st.; tel. Grant 56.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chl-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 13-1.
EMPLOYMENT — Female.
NEAT young girl desires situation as nurse or
second girl; $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Infant's nurse desires situation;
best references; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
2 NEAT young houseglrls; 2 years last places;
• best references; can be seen -ln our office
Monday morning; good home more than
wages. C. R. HANSEN — CO.. 104 Geary st
LADY wishes position, any kind of work. In
country. Call at NEW EMPLOYMENT OF-
FICE, 751 Market st. Telephone, Black 3911.
FIRST-CLASS laundress would like work by
the day or take laundry work home; flannels
a specialty. 827 Ellis st. -
YOUNG lady desires position as stenographer:
salary, $20; references. Box 4553, Call office.
LADY would like a situation as housekeeper;
companion to a lady; fond of children; best
references. Address E. 8., box" 2, Oakland
Call office.
WOMAN wishes to go out by the day; wash-
■ Ing or house cleaning. Call at 104„ McAllis-
ter st., in rear. ■ '
YOUNG girl wishes a situation to do upstairs
work. Apply at 3243 Sacramento st. ; refer-
ences If -required. _____]_
COMPETENT woman wishes work by the day
at washing or housecleanlng. Please address
all week 705 Webster st.
COOK and wife would like a place: man meat
cook and wife as pastry. H. A. M., room 69.
Winchester Hotel. .
DRESSMAKER wants a few more engage-
ments by the day. 1511 Buchanan st.
' GOOD fitter and dressmaker wants more en-
gagements by the day or take work home.
Box 4555. Call office. .
YOUNG woman wishes to do housecleanlng by
the day. 6 Stevenson st.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation; city or
country.. 267 Stevenson st. .
BY flrst-class dressmaker, work by the day or
at home. L. FITZPATRICK. 1450 California.
WANTED— A position to travel. Address box
4516. Call office. .
MIDDLE-AGED German cook, perfect In
kitchen and housekeeper, wishes situation
ln good house; speaks only German. Address
403 Ninth St., Oakland.
POSITION wanted as nurse for child or Inva-
lid's nurse, or sewing maid. Address MRS.
F. D., 137 Buchanan st.
COMPETENT dressmaker desires position as
seamstress In families or Institution. Box
4843, Call office. '
SITUATION wanted as cook: flrst-class refer-
ences; wages $30 per month. Address box >
4806. Call office. , I
REFINED woman wishes position as nurse for
invalid or care of children; • good seamstress
and housekeeper; references given. Box 4573.
Call office:
YOUNG woman would accompany a family go-
ing East as children's or Invalid's nurse; city
references. Box 4589. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes a few more
engagements by the day. 253 Third st.
EXPERIENCED typewriter and stenographer
wishes situation; best of references. Box
4668, Call office. __________________
POSITION as working housekeeper; best refer-
ences. Box 4674, Call office.
NEAT, reliable woman, aged 28, wishes posi-
tion as working housekeeper or cook; good
reference; city or country. Address 429 Bush
st., room 8. _-j _^
AA'ANTED— Experienced laundress wants work
by the day. Call for 3 days at 312 Van Ness
aye., in the rear.
ELDERLY woman wants work by the day.
Box 4949, call office.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker wishes engage- \
ments by the day; satisfaction guaranteed.
1306 Page St.; call after 6 p. m.
WANTED— A permanent position as book-
keeper, stenographer or office assistant; can
furnish references. Address box 4638, Call.
YOUNG lady would like work from 1 to 6 p.
m. ; private family. C, care of 323 Tenth st.
GERMAN woman wishes housework by the
day. 629 Davis st.
YOUNG lady who Is good sewer would give 4
or 5 hours' service a day for room and board)
central location. Box 4634, Call office. .
SEAMSTRESS and dressmaker, good fitter;
sews 75c a day or $3 50 a week. M. C-, box
4631. Call office.
LADY wants housework; $5 to $10; city or.
country. 270 Jessie st.
WOMAN wants work; good cook and laun-
dress or housework; references. Address, by
letter, 70C Laskie St., near Ninth. 1
SWEDISH couple with a child wish places on
private place in country or on fruit ranch.
Address box 4630, Call office.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes a situation as
housekeeper and take care of children, a good
nurse for the sick; good reference If required.
Please call at 2513 Sutter St., between Brod-
erick and Baker.
COMPETENT second girl wants position; city
or country; wages $15 to $20; good references.
Address 270 Jessie St., nr. Fourth and Market
; ft , .
EASTERN woman wishes ! position as manag-
ing housekeeper or agent for wholesale house;
can accustom herself to most any kind of
business; city or country. 223 Kearny st..
room 12.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged Swiss-German
lady wishes place to take care of children;
trustworthy; handy with -sewing; or go out
nursing. 916 Howard St., room 17.
WANTED— Situation to clean house by the day
by a strong woman. Address Box 4641, Call.
YOUNG lady wishes situation as housekeeper.
Box 4834, Call office.
EXPERIENCED lady pianist and vocalist
wants engagement; city or country. Box
4953. Call.
YOUNG woman with good references would
like housecleanlng work; $1 per day and cut-
fare. Box 4954, Call. -..
YOUNG lady wishes to learn millinery. Please
address 116 Montgomery aye.
COMPETENT dressmaker wishes work In fam-
ilies, $1 a day and car fare. Address MRS.
C, 534 Lyon st., near Fulton.
NEAT woman wishes a place to assist In
housework or upstairs work; with nice people
more than wages. Call 946 Harrison st.
WOMAN wishes to do housework "in city or
country. 174 Jessie st.
WANTED— By a respectable girl, place to as-
sist and mind child; $10; ln country. L., 1908
Sutter st.
AGED woman wants housework by the day.
1535 A Mission st.
WOMAN would like gentlemen's and Infants'
flannels to wash at home. 230"_ Fulton st.
WIDOW would like to have the care of a
baby; price moderate. Apply at 153 Tehama
st.. flat 3. .
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants work by the
day; washing or housework. MRS. ■ RICH-
ARDS, 40 Rausch st. .
WANTED— Housework, washing. Ironing by
the day. Apply 1028 Valencia st.
— Housework, washing, ironing by
the day. Apply 15 -Liberty st.
RESPECTABLE American woman wishes by
> the day washing, Irving or housecleanlng.
Apply 529 Howard st.
MIDDLE-AGED lady to keep house for wid-
ower or party of bachelors: fine cook and
manager; city. Box 4962, Call office.
WOMAN wants work by day; $1 day and car
fare. Box 4663, Call office. _^
COMPETENT stenographer • desires a steady
place; references. Box 9002. Call office, Oak-
land. .
AN experienced nurse will go ' out to confine-
ment cases or will nurse an Invalid. Ad-
dress 69S Thirty-fifth St., Oakland.
COMPETENT woman wants work by the day;
washing. Ironing, cleaning. 120 Wlldey ave-.
between Bush and Pine.
LADY wants any kind of writing at home.
Box 4648. Call office. •_ . '
WANTED— By a competent woman, gentle-
men's washing and mending. Call or address
MRS. TOM, 944 Mission st.
WOMAN desires laundry or housework by the
. day. 440 Third st. .-■-.■ * ... -
GOOD cook wishes situation washing and iron-
; ing. Call at 465 Tehama st.
WANTED— By thoroughly competent . and ex-
perienced Eastern dressmaker, sewing by day
in. private families; good references. Address
I. S., box 778, Call office. Oakland.
NEAT, reliable lady wishes a .position out of
San Francisco August 1: four years working
' housekeeper and care of invalid: can make
herself useful at millinery, dressmaking tr
any kind of work; fare paid. . Box 4593. Call.
GERMAN girl would like ■ a situation to do
:; general housework. Call 233 Chattanooga st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—
YOUNG lady wishes position; copyist; home
work preferred. Apply box 17. Call branch
office, 106 Eleventh st. _____
WANTED— Situation by experienced Infant
I nurse; has good city references of four years:
can sew. Call or address, stating wages, 123
Harriet st.
GOOD practical working woman wishes work
of any kind by the day: can do dressmaking
at home very reasonable. 313 Sutter st.
WANTED— young girl would like a situa-
tion to assist in light housework. Call or ad-
dress E. G., 3232 Seventeenth st., city.
A WOMAN would like a few hours' work a
day. Box 4560. Call.
WOMAN would like plain sewing to do at
home. 821 Mission . St., room 1.
LADY wishes sewing and mending to do at
• home. 150 Fourth St., rooms 12 and 18.
YOUNG woman desires a position to take care
of children while traveling In return for fare
to New York, Havre or Paris; best refer-
ences. Call or address lto2 Webster, Oakland.
LADY barber desires engagements at residence,
shampooing and halrcuttlng; ladles and chil-
dren only. Address box 4579, Call office.
LADY' wants situation; housekeeper; city or
country: or take charge hotel. Box 4566, Call.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged lady with little
' girl 11 years old wishes a position as work-
ing housekeeper; best of references; no
trlflers. Call or address 532 A Sixth st.
SITUATION wanted by good German cook to
do cooking and' some housework; country
only. 848 Third st. : '
NEAT girl wishes a place; upstairs work or
assist in housework and children. Call 2120
Lombard St., near Fillmore; call 2 days.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
WOMAN wishes work by the day; houseclean-
lng washing or ironing; handy with sewing.
2245 Mission st.
LADY of 20 years' experience from kinder-
garten to normal desires a situation as day-
' governess. Box 314, Call office. -
YOUNG lady desires position as stenographer;
thoroughly experienced; references from last
place; salary moderate. Box 127, Call office.
WOMAN wants work by the day washing and
housecleanlng. Box 322, Call.
WANTED— Position as housekeeper; or will do
sewing at home. 150 Fourth St., room 12.
SAA'EDISH woman wants work by the day;
• good laundress. Address box 324, Call.
TAA'O capable women from the East wish posi-
tions as cook and second girl In ramlly; best
of references. Call or address 33 Rlncon place.
AA'OULD like to have plain sewing and mend-
ing. Please call at 126 Fourth St.. room 15.
YOUNG woman wishes position as working
housekeeper; home more of an object than
high wages. Address box 200, Call office.
SAA'EDE girl; quiet; experienced cook; house-
work; city references. 761 _. Howard st.
AN intelligent lady desires any kind of light
employment; good home more than large
wages. 997 Market st.
YOUNG girl wishes position "for second work ,
in private family. Call at 378 Hayes st.
FINE cook, German or American style, equally
good laundress, wishes a position. Address
box 6. Call office.
GERMAN woman wishes work by the day at
washing or cleaning or any kind of work.
Address M. 8.. 49 Ivy aye. j
MOTHER with a daughter of 18 desires situa-
tion; mother as cook and daughter chamber
work. L. XV.. 124 A Eleventh st.
NEAT American widow, elderly, desires situa-
tion as housekeeper; good cook; washing;
1 housecleanlng; the care of children; refer-
ences given; wages- $lO month. 268 Stevenson.
WANTED— by the day; also flannels to
wash. 233 Turk st., rear.
AN experienced family laundress wants two.
days' work a week. Call at 312 Van Ness
aye., ln rear.
AN elderly 1-dy wants family sewing and
mending; good help In light work, nothing
else, for home; small pay. 45S Natoma St.,
near Sixth.
LADY Just from the East wants work; cham-
bermaid or housekeeping. 821 Mission, room 1.
SWEDISH woman wants washing, Ironing or
bousecleaning by the day. Address 30 Aztec
St., off Shotwell. _______
YOUNG German girl wishes place; care 2 grown
children or travel. JESSIE, 2129 Geary St. -
DRESSMAKER from the East, flrst-class cut-
ter and fitter, will go out by the day; can
make a suit ln 1 day. 223 Grant aye.
EXPERIENCED sick nurse will go by day or
week; terms moderate; doctors' and ladles'
references. Call or write 24 Lewis place, off
Post St., between Taylor and Jones.
POSITION wanted by an experienced stenog-
rapher and typewriter; reference given; will
furnish machine if necessary. Address box
114. Call office.
YOUNG woman would like a position as
working housekeeper; city or country. Call
or address Housekeeper, 443 Golden Gate aye.
BUSINESS woman wants position; can do al-
most anything required. Box 115, Call office.
LADY would .like to go East as nurse or com-
panion for fare. Box 117, Call office.
YOUNG lady desires position as housekeeper.
29 Grant aye., rooms 4 and 5.
NURSE and housekeeper; thoroughly under-
stands her business; well recommended. 633
Stevenson st.
NORTH German nurse desires situation; care
of children; assist with upstairs work: plain
sewlne: speaks German correctly; city or
country: wages no object; fare returned; best
references. 376 Geary st., room 4.
SITUATION wanted by an experienced nurse
for Infant or young children; Is refined,
trustworthy, neat and willing to be useful;
lately from the East; good references; city or
country. 16 Willow aye., near Larkln.
WOMAN wishes work by the day; Is a flrst-
class cook and laundress. 209 Ivy aye., near
Franklin and Hayes sts.
FASHIONABLE dressmaker would like a few
more engagements by the day; references.-
S. A. G., box 308, Call office.
COMPETENT dressmaker with references
would like a few more engagements by the
day. S. A. G., box 329, Call office.
LADY living at 1504 New Broadway, Oakland,
would like plain sewing.
AM >.MAN wants situation to do light house-
work and assist with children: best refer-
ences. Address box 321, Call office.
NURSING wanted by a competent German
nurse: references. Address box 319, Call.'
WANTED— By a competent German woman,
the care of house while the family Is absent;
city or country; references. Address box 318,
Call office. x . .
WOMAN wants situation for general house-
work; flrst-class washer and Ironer; city or
country. Inquire 10 AA etmore place, . bet.
Powell and Mason sts.. oft Clay.
YOUNG woman wishes situation as child's
nurse with nice family living at home or
hotel; willing to travel. . Address 1773 Market.
RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day.
washing or housework. Apply 418 O'Farrell
St., bet. Taylor and Jones, In the "bakery.
WOMAN to go out by the day, housecleanlng
or laundry work; well recommended. Box
106. Call office.
WOMAN, with a child, for the country; good
cook or laundress; well recommended. Box
107. Call office. ■ -.
DRESSMAKER and seamstress, fine fitter, ac-
customed to good work; children's dresses a
specialty: $1 a day. W. M., Box 309. Call.
YOUNG widow would like situation office
cleaning, or day's work. MRS. BELL, 11
Seventh st.
FIRST-CLASS reliable colored girl wants sit-
uation as maid, or to do office cleaning; has
I first-class references. Address Box 305, Call.
RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day or
week, washing or ironing, sweeping, etc.; city
references. Address 1231 Market st.
AMERICAN woman wishes position as house-
keeper; city or country: or do sewing and
mending. Call daytime 17A Sixth St., room 16.
YOUNG lady of good address, stylish and re-
. fined, stranger In city, wants position as cash-
ier or any clerical work.' Box 298, Call.
HOUSEKEEPER wants position by June 16;
will go Into widower's family; references.
125 Oak st. ' - '...
WANTED— as cashier by . thorough
business woman; hotel, restaurant or cafe; 5
years' experience; good references. Box 92,
Call . office. - *
AVANTED— PIain sewing or mending of any
kind. 527 Golden Gate aye.
COMPETENT, experienced young lady stenog-
rapher and typewriter desires situation: sal-
ary moderate. Please Address E. A. M., Box
288, Call office. ■
NEAT, trustworthy woman desires situation;
chamber work or assist cooking, or light
housework with private family. Address Box
277, Call office. -
LADY would like position to do second work or
plain sewing. 865*. Market St., room 9. -
WOMAN wants position to do cooking; good
cook. J. H.. 851 Pine st. . V
WANTED By a ' flrst-class ' cook, a position
.as cook In a camp. Apply at MRS. SAN-
FORD'S Employment Bureau, 934 Broadway,
Oakland. .
RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation to do
; housework; city or country. ; $74 Folsom st.
I EMPLOYMENT WANTED— Female^
P-^SIONAL nurse wishes employ rnenUto
care for invalid eent*eman *- £° vs offlce .
aeslred; good references- Box 98. «-*» »
YOUNG French wants work by the
day; baby dresses, bonnets ™t*» » * ■
work. Call MRS. T. V.. 17M FoUt 3 >' _. * —
YOUNG lady would [™[™£^< "ecktie^
to do at home, such as "™ aerw .^~' Ask °' r
l.n\*A MILLER. 422 Minna st. .
«r-s-«r»sS t '^^---^
Apply 90S Broadway, Oakland.
or career InvaTd. th e r "particulars apply at
SOS Broadway. Oakland. _
WATO-ED-By a refined young lady, position
in a physician's or dentist's office. Apply at
90S Broadway. Oakland. ;
YOUNG German! woman wishes position as
l_\i°^^3A'l^7__:
near Pine. , . . , _
WANTET^Respectable American woman with
6-year-old child would like a sit ™£™ as
working housekeeper, good plain c^snd
neat worker experience-, so" ,15. Address
country preferred: wages $12 to Ho. Aaoress
box 452. Haywards. Cal. . ;
RESPECTABLE woman would cook In coun-
try or would do lodging house worn. Appiy
933 Sutter St.. In basement.
INTELLIGENT domestic w oman **■-«" "^"j
tion to keep house; strictly re »_»*?-'• "'__ent
economical; references if desired, permanent.
997 Market St.. room IPS; call. ,
HOUSEKEEPER. German widow, aged 42.
wishes situation In widower's or bachelor s
home; city or- country.. Box *__ -__
RELIABLE woman wants work 0- any kind
by the day; will take work home. Inquire at
516 Lombard st.
STRONG woman wants any kind of house-
work by the day; *1 25 a day. 2 W arren
place, ofT Mission, bet. 16th and litn.
STYLISH young dressmaker, perfect fitter,
would like to go out by the day, ?1 and car
fare a day. Box 343, Call office.
YOUNG German woman wants position as
working housekeeper. Box 329. Call office.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation to do
general housework; private family. 120 Sixth
st., first floor, room 1.
AVOMAN wishes position at any kind of work;
good cook. 317 Third st.
COMPETENT Eastern woman; is a good cook
and will do washing; willing to go in coun-
! try; good reference; no men call; private
family. 206 Fifth st. '
STRONG middle-aged woman wishes to do
washing by the day or half day; $1 a day
and car fare. 3.17 Twenty-sixth st.
GERMAN lady wishes a situation as house-
keeper; reference If required. Address 465
Jessie st. ■ .
WOMAN wishes to go out by the day washing
or housecleanlng. Call at 104V4 McAllister St..
rear. *'■*-''
SCOTCH cook, first class, desires a situation;
best of reference. 316 Sutter st. .
WANTED— Situation as working housekeeper.
501 Post St., room 23. •*'
SWEDISH lady wants washing or cleaning by
the day. 18 Rausch St.. near Howard.
SITUATION wanted by an American woman
for light housework in a small American fam-
ily, flrst-class in every respect. Address C.
AY., box 288, Call office.
SEAMSTRESS will take work home or go in
family: can make children's dresses; 75c per
day. 2748 Harrison st.
COMPETENT woman wishes work by the day;
washing or housecleaning. Please address
MRS. M.. 616 Folsom st.
DRESSMAKING and family sewing, 11 per
day. Call or address Dressmaker, room 8, 117
Taylor st. ______________
RELIABLE young lady wishes position as
lady's companion; will travel; references.
Box 472, Call office. ■ ___
YoUNG lady wants position as typewriter, as-
sistant bookkeeper, or collector; city or coun-
try; bonds. Address box 4561. Call office.
YOUNG woman wants washing, ironing or
cleaning by the day. Call or address 1217*4
Howard st. _____
SMALL girl to assist In light housework;
wages 15. 906 Minna st.
AS housekeeper by experienced woman; age 29;
speaks French and English; good seamstress
and good cook; any kind of position; no
trlflers; country preferred. Address 1905
Stockton st.
YOUNG lady wishes situation in small family
to do light housework and care of child; kind
treatment more than wages; country pre-
ferred. 1109 Florida st.
FRENCH woman . wishes a few more places
by the day. washing or cleaning; best refer-
ences. MME. TACY, 342 San Carlos, aye.,
bet. Twentieth and Twenty-first.
AVANTED— By lady of culture, position of
trust, or head housekeeper in private family
or boarding house; references given. Address
box 144, Call.
RESPECTABLE American woman wants posi-
tion In gentleman's home as housekeeper;
capable of taking full charge; Oakland or
suburbs preferred. Address box 411, Call
office, Oakland.
WANTED— to do general housework
in a nice family. 146 Eleventh st.
AS housekeeper by neat elderly Widow; good
cook; washing, housecleaning, taking care
children; reference; wages $10. 341 Minna st.
THOROUGHLY" competent working housekeep-
er wishes situation. Call 2136 Howard; no
postals; best references.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker wishes engage-
ments by the day; also work at home. 209
Eddy st.
COOK and second girl desire positions In the
same house or separate; city or country; best
of reference if required. Call at 519 Eighth
st., Oakland.
WANTED— By intelligent and refined lady, po-
sition as companion or to wait on invalid;
city reference. Box 320, Call office.
SWEDISH girl wants position to do house-
work in American family. Address or call
150 Cook St.; Geary-st. cars.
WORKING housekeeper . to gentlemen: no ob-
jection to 2or 3 children. Box 342. Call office.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — Male.
PROF. WAGNER'S Employment Agency,
'phone Red 3211, 315 Stoc on st.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414„ O'Farrellst. ; tel. East 424.
BARTENDER wants position; hotel preferred.
410 Minna st.
ALL-AROUND mechanic, used to manufactur-
ing and general repairing; thorough; techni-
cal knowledge. Address box 4637, Call office.
EXPERIENCED middle-aged man wants po-
| sition as Janitor in office building. Janitor,
1 413 Minna st.
WANTED By sober, Industrious married "man,
position as salesman for cigars and tobacco;
city and bay towns; commission or salary.
Box 4633, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a strong young man.
Address box 641. S. F.
YOUNG man wishes a position In wholesale
house; can give reference. Box 4537, Call.
BY reliable, middle-aged man; city or coun-
try, understands care and management of
horses, • cows, lawn; moderate wages; refer-
ence^^
A MILKWAGON driver (23) with 8 years' city
experience; good driver; Al reference; state
particulars. Box 4538, Call.
BARTENDER wishes position; thoroughly un-
derstands drawing beer. Box 4635, Call.
GARDENER, married, desires work In nursery
or private place; sober, thorough experience", !
hard worker; best references. Address Gar- i
dener, Dalve's Hotel. | Woodside; Cal.
COMPETENT man wishes position as porter
in wholesale plumbers' and engineers' supply
house: can do shipping; city references F
11., 1028 Filbert st.
RELIABLE young man wants' any kind of '
work for the mornings. Box 4551, Call office. I
YOUNG man of considerable experience de-
sires office position; moderate salary. ■ Box
4550, Call office.
ALL-AROUND cook wants work. Address
. CHARLES KNAPP, 40 Rausch st.
ATTENDANT— nurse wishes to take
care of invalid gentleman; mental case, pre-
ferred; wages reasonable. Address F. M
box 4548, Call office.
WANTED— Situation by flrst-class butler In
private family. Address M. C. box 4543, Call.
YOUNG man. handy with tools, wishes to
learn the carpenter trade. Box 4542, Call. -
MIDDLE-AGED man with best of references
wants position as Janitor, porter or assist-
ant; single. Box 4547, Call office.
BARBER wants situation as extra man. Box
4556,- Call office. .
— 1
SITUATION wanted by a flrst-class cook. Ad-
dress box 65, Geyserville, Cal,
YOUNG man,' convalescent, wishes a position
as hotel clerk for his board In some mountain
town. Address A. H. S., Arbuckle, Cal.
WANTED— Position as stenographer :by ener-
getic young mar.. Address box 4578, Call.
BOY wants situation In music store; under-
stands music and plays piano; aged 15. Ad-
dress WM. J. MURPHY, 739 Clementina st.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— Weekly Call,
i . 16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
EMPLOYMEN^WANTED—MaI «?.
YOUNG man wishes position as stenographer
and typewriter. 606 Fulton st.
WANTED— Situation as clerk. Address box
4656, Call office. ■
AA'ANTED— Position as cook. Address Box
4669, Call office. ■
BOY 17 years old wishes position in wholesale
house. Box 4673, Call office. -
POSITION as Janitor, day or night watchman;
first-class references. Box 4672, Call office.
JAPANESE boy wants position to work an
hour, morning or evening. Address box 4671,
Call office. _______
AA'ANTED— A position as bartender or porter;
well acquainted; references. Box 4952, Call.
ATTENDANT to invalid or nurse by experi-
enced nurse and masseur; willing to travel;
terms very moderate. Box 4665. Call office.
SITUATION as fireman or engineer. 316 Third
St., room 10. •
MIDDLE-AGED man wishes position as porter
in store; handy with tools. . Call or address
1150 Mission st.
WANTED^A young man strong and willing to
work; cooper by trade. Apply at 420*. Na-
toma St., S. F. -
SITUATION wanted by a young man with ex-
perience in the cigar and grocery business.
.Box 4956. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS cooper wants position. Box
4958, Call office. - ;
BUTCHER, practical meat cutter, wishes work
In restaurant, hotel or shop. L. G. ALLAN,
121 Morris aye. '.'.>■ --*"
WANTED— A position as pianist or accom-
panist. Address' 323 Day St. .
YOUNG man desires position as clerk ln gro-
cery and barroom; speaks German and Eng-
lish; steady habits; good reference. Address
J. E. 8.. 304 Chattanooga st.
MAN wishes place as a porter, watchman. Call
1042 McAllister St.. rear.
YOUNG man of Christian character, obliged to
leave his trade for reasons of health, wishes
permanent situation with light duties, . where
fidelity and trustworthiness are first essen-
tials. Address C. 11., box 634, Station B.
Oakland. - .
WANTED— .By respectable elderly man, posi-
tion as gardener or man about place; under-
stands the growing of fruit, flowers, etc.;
years of experience. Box 4572, Call office.
POSITION In small grocery store or clerk in
lodging house for board and lodging ' first
month; highest references. Address box 4561,
Call office. * ■'■ '
-NTED— Positions by man and wife on pri-
vate place in country or on fruit ranch. Box
4568, Call office.
YOUNG man (Swedish) wishes situation ln a
private place as porter; last place over 7
years: best of references: Box 4649, Call.
WELL-EDUCATED man. late school teacher,
desires employment. 184 South Park.
H \NDY young man wants work; understands
care of horses and general work. C, box 4647.
Call office. -__ '*
YOUNG man of experience desires a steady
place- willing to work: handy with tools. Ad-
dress box 909. Call office. Oakland.
YOUNG man wants position as stenographer.
Address Stenographer, box 57, Call office.
BUTCHER, with 40 years' experience, desires
a steady place; understands handling meat.
Box 9003. Call Office. Oakland..
ENTERPRISING young man desires a steady
place in log rolling camp; no objection to the
country. Box 9001. Call office. Oakland. *
AVANTED— Situation by a young German as
second cook; wages *8 per week. Box 4545,
Call office. ■ "
A SOBER middle-aged man wants position to
make himself useful about place; city or
country; good driver, gardener; can milk;
handy with tools. Address R. G., 1649 Everett
St., Alameda, Cal.
YOUNG Japaneses wishes work of any kind
for few hours in early morning. K. M., box
4577. Call office.- ___^
BY young man of five years' experience, quick
and accurate, position as bookkeeper or
clerk; references. Address Box 4596, Call. *
PRACTICAL gardener, understands business
in all branches, is a good horseman, wishes
situation. Address Box 4586, Call office.
WANTED— Position as night watchman by
married man, aged 48; references. A. WEIN-
GENT, 916 Howard St.
POSITION by American experienced mining
foreman as foreman of mine or grading out-
fit; references. Box 315. Call office.
GARDENER, French, married desires posi-
tion; eober. steady; thorough experience; hard
worker: willing and obliging; best references.
Address Gardener, Dalves' Hotel, Woodslde,
Cal. ■ ..- - ■■ ■ ■
YOUNG man, age 30, with considerable Eastern
experience in the real estate, brokerage and
. employment business, desires position. Ad-
dress box 126. Call office. . . . .'
BOY, IS, would like to learn glove trade. Ad-
dress box 125, Call office.
RELIABLE man, Al butcher, wants position;
city or country- Address McL., 114 Eighth st.
POSITION as bartender; experienced; best
references; no objection to going to the coun-
try. Bog 204, Call office.
CUTTER wishes position: also -good tailor.
Address box 203, Call office.
OLD man (61), handy in kitchen and house-
work, of eober habits, steady, is willing to
work for very small wages; wants good
home. Box 201. Call office. ■
SITUATION by experienced elevator operator,
Just from East; wages the object. Address
box 206, Call office. -
WATCHMAKER and Jeweler, experienced,
steady. 37, desires employment; town or coun-
trj' references. Address box 207, Call office. .
BARBER, about 1 year at trade, wishes a sit-
uation. 'Address box 327. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS French cook for restaurant,
steady man. with references, wants position
ln city or country; understands any style or
short orders; wages moderate. 211 „ Polk st.
BY" draughtsman, engineers' or surveyors'
maps, plans, etc.; good, mathematician; rapid
letter'er; competent in field or office. Bex
211. Call office.
COACHMAN— wanted by a competent,
reliable Englishman: understands gardening;
can milk. Address box 208, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by young man about
place; indoor or outdoor work; good horse-
man; can milk cow; best city reference.
HENRY ANDERSEN. 219 Kearny St.
FIRST-CLASS bicycle repairer, understands
lathe work, wants situation; also stationary
engineer, with long experience as chief city
water works; address either. J. H., 210 Turk.
GOOD cook wants situation; hotel, restaurant
or boarding house; country. Apply 312 Van
Ness aye., in rear. ' •
STRONG boy wants work with carpenter; one
year experience. Address box 209, Call office.
MARRIED couple wish situations, private fam-
ily: man generally useful, wife plain cook-
ing and housework. Box 113, Call office.
DURING evening a Japanese desires to work
as a waiter or washing dishes for his board
and lodging; wages no object. Address box
-ISS. Call office.
YOUNG man 24 desires position as bookkeeper
or assistant; 2 years' experience; references:
salary moderate. Address box 12, Call
branch office. 387 Hayes st. '■ ■
AN honest Japanese boy wants position to do
housework in family. Address HIGASHI. 703
Larkin st. ' ' ■ -
FIREMAN would like a stationary Job: flrst-
class recommendations. Box 196. Call office.
MAN wants work in grocery store as clerk, or
can act as barkeeper. Box 111. Call office.
: 1 — __————__—_————_————
YOUNG man familiar with machinery desires
employment. Address box 181. Call office.
GENTLEMAN having resided many years in
Paris and Rome desires to give lessons In
both languages; reasonable. Box 168. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man, appreciative of disci-
pline, wishes employment in business or
private; can give references pertaining to his
reliability. Address box 33, Call office.
WANTED— By. single man. a private Job; is an
all-around horseman; will milk, attend gar-
den, do chdres, wash windows, mend harness,
shine shoes, etc. Address box 324, Call.
WANTED— situation as Janitor or watch-
. man; thoroughly conversant with electric
light and bell wiring; references furnished.
Address 107', Fifth st.
WATCHMAN, handy about place; good -plain
carpenter; refined and temperate man of good
address and appearance, wants something to
do. Address box 323, Call office.
SOBER, Industrious, thoroughly reliable man
wants situation; salesman, solicitor; experi-
enced ln store work, warehouse, etc. Address
box 322. Call office.
MAN and wife wish situations In a . boarding
house or hotel; man as waiter, wife as cham-
bermaid; or will take a place in a private
home; wife as cook, man handy In every
work. Address box 333, Call office.
GERMAN, 5 years in this country, would like
to have .a place as bookkeeper, porter or
Janitor: good recommendation. ADOLF
FRESE. 346 Hayes st.
MAN wishes to attend to a cigar stand or
similar business for several- hours a day. Ad-
dress R.O. X., 915- : Market St.
SITUATION wanted— Experienced man In
banking and mercantile bookkeeping; Is also
first-class stenographer and typewriter: has
highest references. Address box 327, -Call.
GERMAN, married, age ?0, wants work of any
kind: steady, reliable; flrst-class workman;
careful driver; Al city* references. Address
box 326, Call office. ; r"EMPLOYMENT WAXTED MaIe.^
YOUNG man giving excellent references would
like to obtain employment of some kind. A.
A. A., box 332, Call office. ______
RESPECTABLE, reliable middle-aged business
man is anxious to get employment of some
light ■.: about store or warehouse; under-
stands plain bookkeeping; salary not so much
an object as employment; best of reierences.
W. J.. 1700 Howard st. _____
WANTED Situation as coachman by middle-
aged American; temperate; country prerer-
red. Address G. P.. 521% Stevens n _^*_J ;
MIDDLE-AGED man wants work of any kind;
5 years with well-known family in city. Ad-
dress Bruce, 519 Sacramento st.
STRONG young man, 28. married, handy, neat
and reliable, good habits; with references;
wishes work of any kind. Address Charles -A.
Landis, 252 Perry st.
YOUNG manTage 17. strong, healthy and will-
ing; salary not so much object a* steady
work: wholesale or retail, or any kind ill
situation for a start. Address •'' ,|! - v . •■' ! -
-liesion st. ______
SUMMER."" or hotel situation wanted by
temperate, reliable gentleman as clerk, book-
keeper, steward or general utility man; will-
ing to make himself useful; '-** 1 references;
salary reasonable. Box 315. Call office.
STRONG young man, 22 years of age,- residing
with his parents desires position as porter
In wholesale house; best of references. Ad-
dress Box 316. Call office, ,'- ' " .
COMPETENT rectifier and blender of spirits
wishes situation; understands all branches of
the business, wholesale und retail. Box 317,
Call office.
FIRST-CLASS fireman would like position-
jr.. references. Box 314, Call office.
COACHMAN and gardener, thoroughly compe-
tent and good, careful driver; can milk;
hamly with tools, and a good worker; around
gentleman - place. C. i':., 3 Eddy St., room 10.
ACTIVE, elderly man. sober and reliable,
wants any kind of light work about a private
place. Address Box 312. call office.
STRICTLY" temperate, educated, pood appear-
ance, strong and ln perfect health, fond of
money; would like some kind of employment
where there is plenty, of work to do. Ad-
dress Box 313, all office.
EXPERIENCED Janitor, porter and bedmaker
wants position. Address Box Sll, Call office.
WANTED— Light employment by steady man;
small wages. Box 308, Call office.:
WANTED— Situation as flrst-class California
cheese and butter maker; understand run-
ning engine and cream separator: will take
charge of dairy- C. G,, Box 619. Call offlee.
FIRST-CLASS coachman wants a place; care-
ful driver: best of Eastern references. Ad-
dress Box 299, Call office.
ELDERLY' gentleman desires light work or
take charge of house during owner's absence;
good home preferred more than high wages.
Address box 307. Call offlee. '■_ _
THOROUGHLY* reliable middle-aged man,
strictly temperate, Al references, wants sit-
uation as bookkeeper or assistant clerk or
cashier In hotel or restaurant, or any kind of
respectable employment where physical labor
is not too heavy. Box 291. Call office.
' WANTED— Set of books to keep at home: take
home at night ami return in morning; refer-
ences. Box 105, Call office.
BRIGHT boy, 17 years old, wishes to learn a
trade where advancement can be had. Ad-
dress 1515 Turk st.
YOUNG man of 10 years' Office experience
wants situation as bookkeeper or assistant;
would prefer outside work; best references;
salary no object. R. A., box 282. Call office.
SUGAR cane planter, distiller. "Coffey still.
alcohol, sugar boiler (Duncan Stuart or Mc-
Onies' vacuum pan), desires position In Phil-
ippine islands or Cuba: late of Peru, St A.;
speaks, reaiis and writes Spanish; city refer-
ences. Address box 240. Call office.
WANTED— Position with wholesale grocery,
notion or confectionery jobber by a young
gentleman who has 12 years' experience sell-
ing and buying; a hustler. Box 103, Call.
BY* a middle-aged American, a position as por-
ter in hotel or to do chores in private family;
handy with tools and strictly temperate. Ad-
dress C. B. SPENCER, Manchester Hotel,
Third st.
GERMAN-AMERICAN gardener; understands
care of horses; references; wages reasonable.
Address P. M._ 674 East Sixteenth St., East
Oakland. -_f__
BOY of 15 would like to work as cashboy; is
very smart; or would like to work around a
store or office. Apply northeast corner Pine
an Kearny sts.
GOOD bookkeeper wants position: one who
understands his business; will work as as- ,
sistant: salary no object; good references. !
Box 803. Call office.
MAN wants work as night watchman or as
janitor: good references. B. XV., 12u6 Powell
St.. city.,
_
COMPETENT horseshoer or "man wishes
situation: wages moderate; references. Ad-
dress 915% Minna st.
YOUNG lawyer would like to get me col-
lections; will take out part in rent of fiat
or offices. A. B. C. box 330, Call office.^
WANTED— Situation; 17 years* experience;
marking or distributing; capable of taking
charge of small laundry; city or country. Ad-
dress box 325. Call office.
ELDERLY man with small income will work
very cheap In grocery, fruit or cigar store or
any other light work: highest references.
Address box 142, Call office.
GARDENER (German): perfect In all branch-
es; can take care of horses, cows, etc.: first-
class references. Please address Gardener,
box 441. Call office.
BOY wants work of any kind; wages no ob-
ject: does not smoke or drink. Box 451, Call.
ENGLISHMAN, lately from East, best of ref-
erences, thorough groom and coachman, hav-
ing worked for some of best families, wants
suitable situation. Box 456, (.'all office.
YOUNG man, 24 years old. 8 years' experience
in grocery and dry goods clerk, would like
to have employment; references; recommen-
dations furnished. Box 419j Call office.
FIRST-CLASS cake baker wants position;
country preferred. Box 453, Call office.
BARBER wishes steady work Wednesdays.
Saturdays and Sundays. Box 454, Call office.
AMERICAN wishes place in private family;
good driver; understands care of horses. Box
457. ("all office.
STRONG young American wants work of any
kind; good driver and understands cafe of
horses. Box 461, Call. -
.. — c
JUST honorably discharged from army; mar-
ried, sober, intelligent; wants position as
Janitor, caretaker, watchman; willing to do
anything. Box 437, Call.
PRACTICAL gardener wants position to take.
charge; good references. Box 460, Call.
CLERK desires position; experienced as an ac-
countant and collector; stenographer and
typewriter; will furnish machine and bond 1:
required. Address box 462, Call office.
JAPANESE, strong and reliable, wants situa-
tion in country' as flrst-class cook and gen-
era) help; good recommendations. G. m,,
1917 Broadway. .
JAPANESE, refined young man, wants situa-
tion in nice family; useful for every kind of
light work; wages no object. MIDVILL, 1917
Broadway.
RETURNED from Manila, P. I.; want position
■some kind; Al references; would like to get
into some wholesale business house: no bad
habits; not afraid of work; good kll-around
man. JOHN XV. RANDALL, box 438, Call,
YOUNG man attending college wants employ-
ment mornings and evenings; has splendid
references; willing to do anything. Box 327,
Call office . .
ELDERLY' man with highest references desires
position of any kind In hotel or lodging house
for board and lodging. Address box 471, Call.
SITUATION wanted by a young man to take
care of place; can drive, milk, do plain car-
penter's work, repair harness and be gener-
ally useful; go. references. Address H. O.
JOHNSON, box 325. Call office.
TOUNG man (23) of good habits wishes' posi-
tion: understands horses; has done porter
work ln wholesale houses: can furnish refer-
ences. Address box 33', Call office.
GERMAN (35) wants position as porter or bed-
maker in institution; understands house, car-
pet and window cleaning; references. Box
43. Call office.
A MAN and wife want positions on ranch or
mining camp; both* steady and reliable. Ad-
dress or call 371 Minna st.
MAN would work by the day or by the yard
cleaning -carpets on floor. Call c* address
500 Eddy st.
REFINED young man of experience would like
position as nurse, attendant or companion to
an invalid. Address box 146, Call office.
SOBER, honest, reliable, single, middle-aged
man, having 3 years' reference, wants work
at anything. Box 4.;'., Call ofiice.
EXCHANGE.
PLANING mill in good running order; ma-
chinery almost new: 2 stickers, 4 planers,. 2
mortise makers. 1 boring. 1 pulley, l band
saw, 1 combination. 2 rip saws, 1 turnin.g'ma-
chlne. 1 boiler. 50 horsepower; 1 engine, 50
horsepower: saws, knives and 100. other things
too numerous to mention; building and lot
40x120: central location: small mortgage; will
exchange for city or outside property: this
mill is now running: paying rent $75 month.
CALIFORNIA LAND EXCHANGE, 658
Jj Broadway, Oakland, Cal. ,
$4000— :8-ROOM cottage, modern; fine location.
$5500—2, 5 room modern cottages, well located;
all In Alameda: exchange for fruit ranches.
GERMAN- AMERICAN, 34 Kearnv st.
FOR sale or exchange— looxloo; business corner
in heart of city: partly improved. GEO. W.
11. PATTERSON & CO., 1706 Market st.
EXCHANGE.
EXCHANGE— 7O acres land, Contra Costa
County, for city or Oakland 1 property; will
pay $1000 difference.
$6000 — Fine Oakland residence for small
farm: worth $3300. I. C. SCHARFF, 20 Mont-
gomery st.
IMPROVED land and lots for any kind of pay-
ing business. Box 4667 Call office.
FOR sale or exchange — 40-acre unincumbered
apricot orchard In the famous early fruit belt,
1% miles from Vacaville; trees Just in bearing
and all on Myrobolan root; splendid oppor-
tunity to secure profitable property at very
low figure, as owners are non-residents and
desirous of concentrating their Interests; price
$7500; one-tiurd cash, balance on easy terms,
or will exchange for acceptable city property.
For full particulars address HORACE STEV-
ENS. Vacaville. Cal. __________
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
MAYERLE'S eye water: a new discovery for
weak. sore. Inflamed, Itching, watery, burning,
painful and overstrained eyes and nerves; by
mail 50c. German Optical Institute. 1071% Mar-
ket, S. F. Wanted— Reliable agt In every State.
FLATS TO LET.
AT NW. corner Sutter and Scott; rarely beau-
tiful; appreciated If seen; six rooms; glazed,
porch; reasonable; water free: investigate.
ADELAIDE place. 8. off Taylor, nr.. Post—
nice sunny rooms; clean and bright.
BOWIE aye., 5— A flat of 3 bay-window rooms;
cheap rent to a small family.
BUSH, 1209%— Flat. 4 rooms; rent $10; water
free. Apply 121 IB Bush st.
CHOICE corner flat. 1136 Ellis St., 7 rooms and
bath; sun in every room: rent low. Apply.
MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market st.
ELEGANT sunny 7-room flat; fine view; mod-
ern; fine location. 910 Devl-adero st.
ELEGANT bay-window; ■'■ sunny rooms, bath.
736 Minna __ near Ninth
FULL, 192 Sunny upper flat, 6 rooms, oath;
large basement; cheap rent.
FINE flat o roums hnd b-Uti; all modern im-
p rovements and cellar. 223 Fourteenth st., be-
tween Mission and Howard. _.
FINE corner Bat, 7 rooms; all modern improve-
ments; yard; cellar: sun all day- 118 Web-
ster --... near Haight.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
FLAT of 5 rooms to let about August 1. 'Box
4658, Call office. __________
FRANKLIN, 517. near. McAllister— Lower flat of
3 rooms; cheap rent. •
FULTON, 140 Good lower flat, 6 rooms, bath;
near City Hall; $16. .
HANDSOME corner flat, with or without car-
pets. 436 Buchanan st. . '
HARRISON, 704, near Third— Nice sunny flat 5
rooms and bath, $16. -j_
' HARRISON, 704, near Third— Nice comfortable
sunny flat. 5 rooms and bath; SIC.
HAVES, 656 Double fiat of 8 rooms and bath;
yard, garden.
LAGUNA, 824— The* St. James - Apartment
House— Furnished or unfurnished; light
housekeeping.
LOWER part of house to-let, four rooms and
bath. Apply 513 Shotwell st.
MODERN flat. 4 rooms and bath: rent $18.
1807 Eddy street, near Scott.
MODERN 5-room flat. 135 Ash aye., bet. Polk,
Van Ness. McAllister and Fulton.
NEAR City Hall; - new upper sunny modern
fiats: 5 rooms and bath each: 28 Grove st. and
25 Birch aye.
NEW flat. 5 rooms, bath; yard, cellar and
stable; rent $1?. 38 Sharon St.. between Fif-
teenth and Sixteenth. Church and Sanchez.
NORTHEAST corner Nineteenth and Noe sts.;
lovely sunny 5-room flat; modern improve-
ments; rent $17; water free.
POST 1657, near Buchanan— Nice sunny mid-
dle- flat, in fine order; 5 rooms and bath; $20.
SEVENTH, 454, corner Bryant— s sunny rooms;
cheap. Apply between 1 and 3.
SEYMOUR aye., 18. near Scott and Golden
Gate aye.— Handsome new sunny upper flat;
6 rooms and bath; $25.
THIRD 417%— 2 front suites, 8 room;"; sunny-
bay windows; all latest improvements.
TWENTY-THIRD. 4073. near ' "astro— s-
room flat; modern; rent $15; water free.
WANTED— A tenant for cheap flat, 5 rooms
and bath; 22 Glover St.: bet. Jones and Leav-
enworth, Valiejo and Broadway; rent $12.
' WANTED— A tenant for cheap flat, 4 rooms
and hat);: 22% Glover st., bet. Jones and
Leavenworth, Valiejo and Broadway; rent $12.
WEBSTER, 828— Flat of 5 rooms and bath.
812% JESSIE st. and rear, near Ninth— 2 flats;
4 rooms each; rent $11 and $8.
2 SUNNY flats to let. SO and 32 Coso aye., bet.
27(h and 281 sts.; renl '. ■
4 ROOMS, bath; small family; $10. 13% Rondel '
place, off Sixteenth st., near Valencia.
4 ROOMS and bath; large cellar; large flower
garden. 1219 Laguna. cor. Ellis. Inquire 1221.
$S— UPPER flat of 4 rooms; sunny side.' ' 472
Linden aye., near Laguna and Hayes sts.
$9— FLAT. 4 rooms. 1123 Valiejo St.; flat. 5
rooms and bath, 1127 Broadway, near Leav-
enworth; $16. . " . '
$10 TO $13 50 for new flats, just completed, of
1 and 5 rooms and hath, on Tiffany aye. In-
quire at D. COFFIN'S cigar store, at 3323
Mission st., near Twenty-ninth.
$11— SUNNY fiats at 11 and 17 Adelaide place,
off Taylor, between Post and Gear-- sts.
$20 AND $22 SQr^New sunny flats of 5 and 6
rooms and bath; fine garden. 1014 Thirteenth
St., near Scott. __^^
FLATS TO LET Famished.
2 FINE furnished bay-window flats; 5 and 3
rooms. Inquire 819 Diamond st.
FURNISHED flat, 6 rooms, bath; piano; $40.
" 2418 Clay st.
FLATS WANTED.
FLAT of 3 or 4 rooms In neighborhood of Rin-
con Hill; unfurnished. 90 South" Park.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FOR sale— Furniture of C rooms, new. cheap;
central; two rooms, rented, almost covers
rent. Box 4571, Call office. "
COMPLETE bedroom and dining-room set in
antique oak at a sacrifice. 15 Dame st., off
Thirtieth, nr. Church.
TAPESTRY Brussels carpets, laid and lined.
60c. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310 Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
HELP WANTED— Agents."
WANTED— Agents; good side line; black and
russet Shoe polishers; city, country. STRICK-
ERT, 1353 Stevenson st., near Thirteenth.
AGENTS — We are still increasing sales of sa-
loon articles: "they must have it" quick re-
turns, big profits. 1112 Monadnock, Chicago.
AGENTS, salary or commission, $25 per day
guaranteed; 3 new patents; no investment to
start right to work: free outfit and terms sent
at once on application. The Brahain Pen Co.,
*7). Cincinnati, Ohio. . (
$10 DAILY: no competition: Introducing new
gaslight burner for kerosene lamps; sells It-
self; sample free. Perfection Gaslight Burner,
Co. i- bo, Cincinnati. Ohio!
AGENTS- 3 new articles; 'greatest sellers on
earth; saloons, wholesale liquor and drug
1 stores must have them; entirely new arti-
cle; sales enormous. 902 Pontiac building,
Chicago, 111. '
HOUSE-TO-HOUSE canvassers seeking NEW
and GOOD lines address ' 955 Jefferson st.,
Oakland. .
SEED Magi-- Heel Protectors, sample 10c: also
Leather Luster, sun 25c. BROWN, 332 Bush.
AGENTS wanted for patent household article.
Apply at 1940 Mason st.
LIVE agents wanted to sell map of Ireland.
952% Harrison st.
MEN and women, good address, to travel and
appoint agents; salary $75 month, expenses;
rapid advancement: unusually brilliant oppor-
tunity. Address, with reference, BUTLER &
ALGER, New Haven, Conn.
AGENTS wanted to handle a patented house-
hold article. Apply I*4o Mason st.
4 GOOD male or female solicitors. Room ' 63,
Flood building Sunday, 3:30 to 4:30;. Mon-
day, 12 to 1. . . -
HELP WAXTED FemaIe.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 'Phone, Grant 185
3 waitresses, Santa Cruz. $20; 10 waitresses,
resorts. $20; 10 waitresses, commercial ho-
tels, $20; 4 restaurant waitresses, $5 and $6;
chambermaid, San Luis Obispo, $20; 2 cham-
bermaids, city, $15; cook for resort near city.
$40, see party here 10 a. m. Monday; 4 fancy
lroners, $25 to $35.
FAMILY ORDERS.
Scandinavian woman to care 2 children and
sew, $30. ref.; 3 cooks, $25; 2 ranch oooks, $20
fare paid; 25 neat, competent girls for gen-
eral housework, city -and country, .$l5, $20
and $25; nurse girl, $10.
C. R. HANSEN & CO. 104 Geary.
MRS! BRIDGET MADDEN— PIease call- or
phone to C: R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
AT the "Women's '.Educational and Industrial
Union, 7 Van Ness, English. French, Span-
ish German, mandolin, violin, guitar, paint
ing', elocution, dressmaking, millinery, hair-
" dressing, manicuring taught for $1 50 per
month; singing and cooking class, $1 per mo.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 16, 1899, '
HELP "WAXTED FemaIe.
SECOND girl, Santa Cruz. $20. fare paid; 4 sec-
ond girls, city, $20 and $25. MISS CULLEN.
32.' Sutter st. / .' . .
CUE who -stands German cooking, San
Rafael, $30. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK, Colusa County. $20, fare paid.
• MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. -
FIRST-CLASS nurse for one child 2 years old.
$25; must have city references. MISS CUL-
- LEN. 325 Sutter st. __ - -■- ■
WANTED— Waitress for small country place;
steady at $20 per month. W. 'D. EWER &
CO., .10 ('lay st. ______
WANTED— A refined, educated lady who will
- loan employers $1000 for one year at 10 per
cent on good security, will be given office
work at $40 per month, with an opportunity
to take' a business college course free; this
will -stand Investigation. Address box 749.
.Fresno. Cal, . ' .
BY a wholesale firm employing a number of
• office Women, a young woman residing In this
city, to act as clerk; must have had a high
record In her classes at school, in deportment,
arithmetic and penmanship. . Address In ink,
in own handwriting, with a few columns of
numerals. WHOLESALE. Box 4650. Call.
EXPERIENCED IRONERS -
Experienced operators on undershirts, chil-
dren's dresses and silk caps. BAUER BROS.
CO., 21 Sansome st. - ' ■ ______
GENTLEMAN living in the country wishes
an accomplished housekeeper; please state.
Box 4670, Call. | ... - ' '
WANTED, for country— Woman plain cook and
assist: no wash; $10; references. Address H.,
box 4539. Call. • ■
WANTED— An experienced nurse girl to take
care of young child:. city references required.
Apply Monday, bet. 1 and 3. at 1019 California.
GIRL for general housework; good cook and
laundress; references required. Apply Monday
at '2006 Bush st.. near Buchanan.
AGENTS, canvassers, in every town; easy sell-
ing article; good inducement; large profit.
Box .4654. Call office. _________
GIRL for plain cooking and general house-
work. 2336 Pine St., Monday, bet. 0 and 12.
YOUNG girl to do light housework; a good
home. 1048 Geary st.
OPERATORS wanted on overalls. HEYNE-
MANN & CO., 110% Mission st.. top floor.
LADY to tend store"; state age; permanent
place for right party. Box 4675, Call Office.
LADIES to sell a new and elegant article
which is in "great demand: remarkably liberal
terms. Address box 4676. Call office.
WANTED— Young girl to, assist with house-
work: 14 to 16 years. 940 Folsom st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on custom pants; must
finish 2 pair a day; .steady work; good pay.
Call bet. 10 and 12. 411% Kearny St.. top floor.
GIRL to work in delicatessen; good worker;
state age and wages expected. Box 4950 Call.
GOOD strong girl for housework; must be a
good cook; references required; wages $15.
112 Hyde st. '___
WANTED— A good look and laundress; refer-
ences required. Apply 413 Van Ness aye.
HANDS factory experience, to make wrappers
at home; call Tuesday. STEUER. 109 Bat-
tery st. __i
GIRL in small family to assist in general
housework; wages $10 per month. Address
box 86, Sausalito.
WANTED— GirI to assist light housework and
baby. Call Monday 1413% Scott st.
Al PUPILS for elect milinery school; trade
thoroughly taught; plenty work; satisfaction
guaranteed; terms easy. 506 Leavenworth st.
THE McDOWELL is the oldest dressmaking
school on the coast. Your opportunity to get
useful education reasonable; evening class;
pattern cut 25c up. The McDowell, 103 Post.
YOUNG German or American girl for general
housework. 908 Lafayette st.. Alameda;
Chestnut-st. station, narrow gauge.
WANTED— Competent ironer. Apply 1148 Sut-
ter St., room 19. or 2308 Parker St.. corner
Ellsworth, Dwight way, Berkeley.
GOOD hotel waitress. $20; call early. New Em-
ployment Office," 751 Market st.
YOUNG girl for cooking and downstairs
work; good wages. Call 1207 Gough St.
WANTED— Cook in restaurant. 113 Turk st.
LADIES wanted everywhere to distribute sam-
ples nnd advertise California Orange Syrup;
$2 per day and expenses paid: cash every
week. Particulars for 2-cent stamp. Cali-
i fornia Orange Syrup Co., San Francisco, Cal.
APPLY immediately. California Canneries
Co.. Ltd.. Brannan st., between Third and
Fourth. .:.-..;
EXPERIENCED canners wanted. Apply Im-
mediately California. Canneries Co.. Ltd.,
Brannan St., between Third and Fourth.
WANTED— I-tfidy of fine personal appearance,
educated, experienced, as typewriter, stenog-
rapher and eventually assistant cashier; must
invest $500 in guaranteed 10 per cent dividend
stock of $100,000 bond company. Box 4576. Call.
WANTED— First-Class cook; must understand
German cooking: city references. Apply 2211
Washington st., bet. 10:30 and 11:30 and 2 and
3 to-day. •-;■'■ ~ _____
RESPECTABLE girl for light housework: ref-
erences. Apply LOAN OFFICE. 77 Fourth st.
YOUNG German girl for light housework.
Call, 2 p. m.. 616% Lombard st.
GERMAN girl for housework; good place; $20.
418 Powell st. '
WANTED -German girl or woman for general
housework In small : family; no wash; easy
place and good home. Call, after 9 a. m.,
105 Grove st.
OPERATORS on waists and wrappers; good
pay; steady work. NEWBAUER BROS.. 18
. First st. ' _ ■_
OPERATORS on overalls. LEVI STRAUSS &
CO.. 32% Fremont st.: apply to Mr. Davis.
RELIABLE glr'l to help with housework; care
of children; good home; moderate wages. 739
Shrader st.
HELP WANTED —
NOTICE
TO DISCHARGED SOLDIERS
WE WILL GIVE ......
SITUATION FREE ......
..'.... TRANSPORTATION FREE
To any able-bodied soldier wanting work on
the Coast or Valley Railroad as laborer or
teamster, at wages of $1 75 to $2 a day.
C. R. HANSEN & CO
EMPLOYMENT AGENTS,
104 GEARY ST.
NO OFFICE FEE.
FIFTY MEN WANTED
. , FOR THE COAST RAILROAD.
FREE FARE.
$1 75 AND J: 60 PER DAY.
C. R. HANSEN & CO..
EMPLOYMENT AGENTS,
104 GEARY ST.
NO -OFFICE FEE.
FREE FARE.
CO laborers and teamsters for the Valley Rail-
road, $1 75 a day anU $25 and board per month.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
STICKER hand, $3 a day; blacksmith for a
sawmill, $43 and found,' see boss here; har-
ness-maker, $30 and found;- 4 carpenters, $2 50
to 13 a day, long job: 2 farmers, same ranch,
$22 50, see boss here; 5 farmers and .ranch
' teamsters, same ranch, long Job, $1 60 a day
and found, boss here; 2 milkers, same place,
$25; choreman," $10; 15 woodsmen, $30 a month
and board; 5 lahorers for the woods, $30 and
board. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
CHIEF cook, country hotel, : $75; French cook,
" hotel $75; broiler. ! restaurant, $65; second
COOk, country hotel. $10; cook, small restau-
! rant.' $40 and room; cook, plain hotel,. $35;
' dishwasher, $15, small hotel: vegetable man.
$30- third cook, springs, $30 and fare ad-
vanced; 4 dishwashers and kitchen hands, $23.
2 neat flrst-class hotel waiters, $35 and
found; 2 waiters, plain hotel, $30; waiter,
springs. $25; waiter, country hotel, $25.
Polisher, country hotel laundry, $35 and
found; Ironer, steam laundry, $20 and found;
polisher and starcher. $30 and found. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St. -
CALL to-day bet. 9 and 10 a. m. Wanted— A
vegetableman for country hotel, $26 and found
and fare advanced. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st. ' : '
WANTED _ •••••.
Blacksmith, country shop, near city •
.•....- /..- $45 and found
Blacksmith's hblper for ranch.. s3o and found
3 milkers '• - - - $30
20 farm hand's i:'i;':'*'A'!v and * 3o
6 laborers for m1ne........5l 75 to $2 50 per day
3 miners -'..:.......',.'.;...-..•• •••••••-•••; -W2
2 laborers for furnace.. $2 2- per day
Tally man for lumber yard — $30 and board
And work for 200 others. W. D. EWER &
CO., 810 May st.  .
SALESMAN for city and nearby territory by
HEINE, with established trade In perfumery,
toilet ' articles and sundries; adequate com-
pensation and permanent position to the right
party state experience ' and references.; no
application • considered otherwise. -Box 4660,
• Call office. '______——-—_
WANTED (either I sex) .to fold circulars I and
write, addresses at their homes: $12 per week
salary. Address the Non-Medicine Cure Club,
box 808. Los Angeles, Cal. *J
HELP WANTED— MaIe.
BIG WAGES AT MURRAY* & READY'S. .BIG*
WAGES.. S9O. $85, $.0, $75, - $70. $65. $60, $35,
$50. $45, $4". $36, $30, $25, $20, $18 and $15 ..
• .- Per Month and FoUrid .»....
Leading Employment and Labor, Agents...
• .......... vr WAREHOUSE WORK :
'12 laborers for a large warehouse.... $2 50 day
12 laborers, fare 50c, no experience... $2 25 day
14 laborers, ,no experience, fare 60c $75
12 four-horse teamsters, . fare $140 $52
184 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California. $3, $2 50. $2 .COME AND SEE
US
24 DRILLERS AND HAMMERMEN... .S3 day
HAY AND HARVEST HELP
84 men for above work
$2 60, $2 25. $2, $1 50, $125 day and found
14 HAY BALERS
18c ton, Petaluma press;' 14c, Junior Monarch
DAIRIES. FARMS. ETC
19 milkers, butter-makers, etc ". .
$30, $25 and found
184 farm, orchard and vineyard help for all
parts of California.. s3s, $30, $26, $25 and found
...; CHOREMEN AND BOYS
23 choremen and boys for farms, stables, etc.,
$30 $26, $25. $20. $15, $10 and found
..."..BLACKSMITHS AND MACHINISTS.....
2 machinists, country. jobs '....$3.10 day
14 blacksmiths, horseshoers. helpers, etc...
$2 50, $2 day, ISO. $45, $10, $35 and found
Blacksmith and tend furnace, sawmill
$45 and found |
Machine blacksmith. $3 day
Stonemasons and diamond drillers —$3 50 day
SHOEMAKERS LABORERS FOR FAC- j
TORIES AND MANUFACTURING j
COMPANIES
14 laborers, no experience, city.. s26 and found
Tallyman for a lumber company.s3o and found
STABLEMEN AND SETTER FOR SAW- ;
: MILL .." !
319 positions we want you to fill In Arizona, !
Hawaiian Islands, Oregon, Washington and i
California
Phone MURRAY _ READY,
Main 5848 634 and 639 Clay st.
WE PAY YOUR FARE
65 MEN WANTED AT ONCE-
For the great sawmills, wood yards, etc.
No experience required! you ' will suit
wages $26. $30, ?40 and found I
. WE PAY YOUR FARE
MURRAY & READY, 635-636 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. LAUNDRY. BAKERS
19 cooks for different jobs. $50. $40. $30, $25
and found; also second and third cooks, $40,
$30 and $25 and lound..'. '.
22 dishwashers $25, $20 and $15 and found
19 waiters $30. $35 and $20 and found
Polisher laundry, country Job; and 2 city Jobs,
$35 and found; 12 bakers, first, second and ;
third hands; also assistants and boys to help, |
$10, $35, $23. $20 and $15 and found..: I
MURRAY & READY, 634 -636 Clay st. i
BUTCHERS PORTERS
7 butchers, gen .1 Jobs, $52, $30 and $25 and
found: bartender, city, job, German . re-er-
red, $25 ant', found; man, private family, $20;
6 porters; pantrymen; cabinet makers. MUR-
RAY & READY, 631-636 Clay, st...
FRUIT PICKERS FARE PAID
12 fruit pickers, men or boys, $26 and found;
young men and boys, city and country, ' for
stores, factories, learn trades, drive grocery, j
oakery, butcher and milk wagons, $20, $15 and
$10 and r.iu.;,l. $5, $1 arid* $3 50 week; men j
and wives; street railroad help
FOR A BANKING COMPANY I
5 teamsters and 5 laborers $33 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st. |
STILE THEY COME 39 SAWMILLS
Mill companies located all over the State of
California, Oregon and Washington want us i
to send them 898 men as laborers, teamsters,
crosscut sawyers, head donkeymen, section
laborers, tree fellers, spool tenders, screw
turners, log fixers, mill men and woodsmen, j
Jackscrewers, shingle bolt makers, lumber
pliers, etc.; wages $75. $60, $50. $40 and $30
arid found. Come and see • MURRAY —
READY, 634-636 Clay st.
CARPENTERS GOVERNMENT WORK !
CARPENTERS j
3 carpenters, 8 hours, 6 months' Job. free,
fare $3 day
20 laborers (no experience required)
3 carpenters, city, and 4 carpenters for saw-
mill; 4 bridge carpenters, lumber company,
$45 and found
MURRAY .i READY', 634-636 Clay st.
TO MINE.*- IS MINKS GOOD MINES
27 miners $2 50 day
93 laborers (no experience), $60, $50, $40 and
found
6 furnace men (no experience). $30 and found
MURRAY _ READY. 631-636 Clay st.
FREE FREE ....FREE
To every' railroad in California.. DlALLEßS..
.TEAMSTERS.. HEADER MEN,
ETC.; WAGES frim $3 day.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
AGENTS— SIOO weekly and expenses guaranteed
a good man to act as general agent and han-
dle sub agents for the sale of Arctic Refrig-
erating Machines and Arctic Compound for
cooling refrigerators; guaranteed 75 per cent
cheaper than ice; indestructible, everlasting;
over 5000 in use; will pay $500 for any ma-
chine anyp lace In the U. S. of our make that
will not do as guaranteed; beware of worth-
less Imitations. For full particulars ' and
• agency, address Arctic Refrigerating Co.,
Cincinnati, Ohio.
GOVERNMENT positions— Don't prepare for
any civil service or census examination with-
' out seeing our catalogue of Information; sent
free. Columbian Correspondence College,
Washington, D. C.
— Experienced traveling salesman to
sell on commission summer clothing exclu-
sively. In the State. of California; good refer-
ences required. .The Baltimore Clothing Mfg.
Co., 13 W. German st., Baltimore, Md.
! 500 MEN. women and children to buy and sell :
city real estate. GEO. XV. H. PATTERSON
& CO., 1706 Market st.
BOY wanted to learn plumbing. 1103 Stock-
ton st. • • --. '-'.- -'.:-" !
YOUNG couple; man good bedmaker; wife good
cook. DR. CHAMLEY'. 25 Third St.
WANTED— of rag carpet weaver. Box
4540, Call. - '_______.
WANTED— First-class blacksmith for truck
work; none others need apply. 128 Spear st.
WANTED— A flrst-class stenographer; refer-
ences required. Address box 4632, Call office.
DISHWASHED; good wages to tile right man.
SE. cor. Greenwich and Lyon sts.
3 CABINETMAKERS. NIEHAUS BROS. CO.. j
West Berkeley Planing Mills.
GOOD man to sell crockery and glassware as
side line. Box 4657, Call office. ,
EXPERIENCED man to dig well. 1432 Twen-
ty-first aye., South San Francisco.
"WANTED— A painter who understands Inside
finish on a new house. Apply at Second aye.
. and Lake st.. bet. 11 and 12 a. m.. Monday.
TO go this week— soo pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new, from BOc to $1 50- new shoes,
. slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission St.,
bet. Ist and 2d sts. ; open 5 a. m. to 9 p. m.
WANTED— Wheelers and setters for continu-
ous kiln. Brickyard, South San' Francisco,
San Mateo County.
WANTED— RetaiI salesman .familiar with so-
liciting orders for tea and coffee; give experi-
ence, reference and wages expected. Box
. 4948. Call office. '
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 35c to
50c. 562 Mission St., between Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— Reliable man rot- light work: small
wages to start: must -have $50 cash. WEST-
ERN INVESTMENT CO.. 9 Geary st.
WANTED— Tenants for stores, flats; stores, $10
up; Hats. $6 up. SPECK & ('('.. '667 Market.
THREE Al hustlers to canvass; salary and i
commission. 300 Post st. , *
MAN to take care of horses, milk cow, tend
garden; temperate American preferred., 409
Battery. 1 to 2:30 p. m.. July 17.
CABINETMAKER, one who lias had experi-
ence in putting up chairs. Doernbecher Fur-
niture Co., 21 New Montgomery, st.
DISHWASHER wanted. 646 Fourth st.
SOLICITOR for printing office, to-morrow, at '
420 Montgomery si., room 33. _ ■
BOY wanted to assist at cooking. 303 Powell I
street *
WANTED— Lady or gentleman to manage
branch office; straight salary; no canvassing.
Sunshine-Flowers Pub. CO., Los Angeles, Cal.
WANTED— Experienced sajesman and window-
dresser for city dry goods house. . Address L.
C. box 4955. Call office.
GOOD cook at once at the Enterprise Hotel, \
cor. Sixteenth and Folsom sts. ;
DISHWASHER wanted at 135 Fifth st. early
to-morrow morning.
COOK wanted. 322 Main st.
ONE bedmaker and one porter. Call bet. 3 and
4 p. m. Model Lodging House, 737 Mission st. ;
600 MEN to-day to try our ham sandwiches and
steam beer, sc. Eclipse Saloon. 7th and Mkt.
WANTED— Oood shoemakers for custom repair-
ing; good wages. - 961 Mission st. .
TRY our 16c meals; best In city. 406 McAllis-
ter st.
150 ROOMERS— Boston House. 930 Howard st.;
10c. 15c and 20c per night.
WANTED— Young man as salesman on tobacco
wagon. Apply at 1404 Market st.
MEN to learn barber trade; $15 weekly made I
after 8 weeks" practice; only Institution teach-
ing the tonsorlal art;, call or write for free I
illustrated catalogue. MOLER'S BARBER !
COLLEGE. 635 Clay St. , . j
WANTED— Firet-class blacksmith's helper. Ap- j
ply GRAY BROS.' blacksmith shop, corner i
Green and Sansome sts.
WANTED— Experienced trunk - maker. Apply i
at 946 Howard St.. HARBAND BROS.
BARBERS— shop :in country for sale
cheap. DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis st.
SAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe,
J Hawaiian Islands, Manila. Alaska. New York. '
W. LANE, Shipping Agent, 504, 506 Davis st. ,
■ ■ .■■■■_ •'. -. -•• .-
HELP WANTED MaIe.
PENSIONS and claims against U. S. See
SHERWOOD, room 612. Examiner buildln..
I San Francisco. . . ~ .■ - ■
BARBER shop In lively country town; 2 chairs,
baths. Apply at 1229 Golden Gate aye.
7 ELLIS, 221 (Rosedale House}— rooms, da>
■ week or mo.; rates, 25c to $1 per night; re
ductk.n to permanent roomers: reading room
MEN can learn barber trade for $5 at 1542 Mar-
ket rt.: free shaving in students' department.
FOR sale— A flrst-class . barber shop doing a
fine . business in a city of 4000 population Ir.
California; price IcES than cost of fixtures,
part cash or will sell on terms to suit buyer.
Address box 4868. Call office.
A SOLICITOR that has some knowledge «-:
* mines. Apply room 28, Columbian building.
916 Market st. -i "'
EXPERIENCED dishwasher . at once. 315
Grant aye. ■ ■
TEAMS wanted to work on the canal being
built at Sunol by the Spring Valley Water
Works. Apply at the stables. Fourteenth and
Guerrero sts.. San Francisco, or on work t
Sunol. ' - . .
WANTED— hundred and fifty men on grad-
ing for railroad bet. Truckee and Lake Ta-
hoe: wages $2. TRUCKEE & LAKE TAHOE
TRANSPORTATION CO. Apply at Truckee.
MEN wanted— Laborers, drlllmen and team-
sters on railroad work: fare Oakdale to
Sonora free. Apply to BUCKMAN, 302 Mont-
gomery st.
WANTED— Teamsters to drive scrapers; wages
$1 75 and $2; board. $4 30 per week. Apply
E. I?. STONE'S camp, near Grant station, on
Valley Road.
BARBERS* Progressive Union: free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st.: 150 large
rooms;. 36a per night: $1 to $2 per week.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
. Australia at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart Bt.
WANTED— IS men to find clean, central, cheap
rms.. 25c. 50c night; hkpg . $1 25 up. 88 3d st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c. 15c and 25c
per night. Lindell, 6th and Howard: read, rm.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 138*. Eighth St.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD „ CO.. attor-
neys, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
SINGLE rooms, 13c. -oc, 25c per night; 75c, $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House. SC3'i Market st.
TRY Acme House. *S_7 Market st.'. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and-
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
WINCH Hotel. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the- ferry.
HORSES, LIVE STo7cK7~Etc — For Sale
FOR sale— Horse 7 years old. about 1050 pounds;
good driver, single or double; $75. Call after-
noon 1926 Howard St.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carls, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
: SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
ALWAYS on hand; well broken road, business
and work heroes. Chase & Mendenhall. suc-
cessors Killip & Co.. salesyard, 1732 Market.
JUST arrived— large horses and car-
load med'um size, broke and unbroke. at
.7. D. ROHAN'S, Tenth and Bryant sts.
FANCY' carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL-
ZIEL. veterinary dentist. 605 Golden Gate.
■________■_; ————— **——' —^— ■— —_—_— «_»--—^_,
HOUSES— -LODGING For Sale.
IOO^ROOaiTIOTEL
TO RENT FURNISHED
......... NEW MODERN BUILDING
ELECTRIC ELEVATOR; ELEGANT FURNI-
TURE
Clearing $400 per month
15-room house on Fourth st. ; only $273
26 rooms; corner house 850
14 rooms on O'Farrell st 350
12-room house; large yard: downtown 400
18 rooms; clears $100; only ._, 300
12 rooms: exchange for large house 600
. 54-room house: clears $300 1600
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st., opp. Sth.
I SI-ROOM: fine location; offer wanted; don't
fail to see this bargain. DECKER, 1020 Mkt.
is ROOMS; $250 cash; Interest I*4 per cent. MM
14 rooms; near Post st 550
16 rooms; clears $50; *_ cash ' 700
20 rooms; exchange for small house 1,800
MONEY TO LOAN AT 2 PER CENT.
WINSTON & CO.. 1026 MARKET ST.
LODGING house, furnished, 17 rooms: store,
dining room and kitchen; in Stent, Tuolumne
County; for sale or rent. Apply to WILLIAM
HENRY. Angels Camp, Car -
$300— i ROOM house; good location; all rented;
rent $40. BASILE. 3 Eddy St.
A— 2B ROOMS ; rent $80.. At 20 Turk st. or
SPECK & CO.
FOR sale— Nice sunny house. 9 rooms, for sale
cheap; south Market. Call for 1 week 739
Natoma St.; rent $20. .
JULIAN aye.. ]'... cor ICth St.— Lodging-house,
11 rooms; all occupied; $175; rent $16.
$450— LODGING-HOUSE, I rooms; $200 down.
Apply at 527 Mission st.
$550 — LODGING house;. 16 rooms: departure
cause of sale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Mkt.
FAMILY boarding-house; steady boarders; 14
rms.. all occupied; bargain. A.C.box 71. Call.
bouse**; FOR sail.
$60—6 rooms, furnished; nice flat; rent, $20; part
down. Apply 827 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET Furnished.
TO LET— $35: fine residence, 6 rooms and hath,
with furniture: 2609 Pine st. Inquire of E.
RQgINET, -Hl', California st. : upstairs,
HOUSES TO LET.
A MODERN house of 9 rooms and bath; sunny
Side; -111 Pine st. ; nicely finished.
BUILDING suitable for dye works, laundry,
manufacturing, etc.; well water; cheap rent.
318-320 Eleventh st.
COTTAGE Of 6 rooms; large garden; $10 per
.month. 908 Eagle aye., Alameda, Mastlck
station; call Sunday.
HOUSE, . 5 rooms, bath. Metcalfe place, off
Geary St., between Mason and Taylor.
HOUSE to let; 6 rooms; nice yard and cellar;
1133 Folsom st. ; rent cheap.
ELLIS, 2087 Nice -sunny house, 3 rooms; cheap
rent to right parties.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st. ■
HOUSE of I rooms; bath: newly papered and
painted; rent $30. 1717 Laguna st.
SPLENDID house: fine condition; 7 rooms; low
rent. 3356 Twenty-first st. ; key next door.
TO lease— Large sunny house, with grounds.
Particulars room 24, 320 Sansome st. ,
VERY fine house. In perfect condition; 3386
Twenty-flrst st.. near Guerrero; 7 rooms;
rent very reasonable; see It. E. G. DENNIS-
. TON. 3454 Twenty-first St.
8 ROOMS and Lath; lot 50-125; 2 fronts. 40
Bernal aye.. near Mission St.; key at 51.
4-ROOM sunny house. 62:' Locust aye., be-
tween McAllister st. and Golden Gate aye.
$25— HOUSE to let; « rooms; 1913 Golden Gate
aye.; modern conveniences,
LOST AXD ' FOUND.
LOST— On July 4, bet. McNutt Hosp. and Pre-
sidio, red clover leaf, 2d Army Corps Staff
" pin; reward at 7 Officers' Row, Presidio.
LOST— A lady's purse in gallery of Mechanics'
Pavilion. Return to MRS. A. TOWNSEND,
3519 Nineteenth St., and receive reward.
LOST— A red cow with a crooked horn. Finder
will .please return to 127 Buchanan st; reward.
LOST— GoId lain bracelet. Finder return to
XV. S. PARDY', 410 Pine st.; reward.
LOST Black greyhound. Reward (Monday) at
■ 402 Third st.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of ETTA LULU BERNSTEIN: No.
23--304. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
' name of MARIA F. CUMMINGS; No. 109-791,
227-119. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Purse; letters M. C. ; on New Montgom-
ery ; containing Jewelry and money. Finder
will receive' reward' by returning to MRS. D.
A. RICHARDSON. 772 Eighteenth. Oakland.
FOUND— A bicycle. Owner inquire J. J., 632 A
. Sixth st. • ' ■
; MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find
in her a. true friend; a home for patients
.with every comfort, convenience of a" hospital
and privacy of a home: consultation free and
confidential; home treatment, $5; no instru-
, ments used; satisfaction guaranteed or money
refunded by MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy
«t bet. Hyde and Larkln: office hours. 10 to
12, 2 to 4 and 7to S. Sundays by appointment
only. -.. ..... ■ . ■ ■ ■••* ■" ■'■
ALL female complaints cured in 24 hours; well
known, reliable, safe and sure; maternity
home: no instruments: consultation free and
confidential: home treatment, $5. MRS. AL-
LEN. Van Ness aye. >___. " , . '-•■
LADlES'."— Chichester's English Pennyroyal
• Pills are . tbe best;, safe, -reliable;, take no
other; send 4c stamps for particulars," "Relief
for Ladies." in letter by. return mail; at drug-
gists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Phllada., Pa.
MEDICAL. - ■ __\
V TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
. cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
■ ever cause); safe and sure: relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed: travel-
.' ers helped Instantly and can return home the
same day; no Instruments used: cure at office,
33; home In confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
- suiting the doctor, free, before going- else-
| where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 1-42 Post St., bet.
Hyde and Larkin; hours. 10 to 5 and 7 to S
P. m. Sunday. 10 to 12 and 2to 4 p. m.
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. ' Davles.
true friends of ail Invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fall: delicacy, privacy, home.
, etc . babies'adopted: travelers treated: no de-
lay: self-cure sent; call or write: free: confi-
dential. MRS. ■ M. DAVIES. 122S Market st. :
pills. $1; very strong. $2.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly alt
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no Instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office. $5; travelers helped In-
stantly; consultation free and confidential;
home "for patients: comfort and privacy.
MRS DR.' KOHL, 1122 Market St.. between
Mason and Taylor; office hours, 9 to 5 and 7
to 8 p. m. : Sundays'. 10 a. hi. to 4 p. m.
IMPORTANT— A great progress in medical scP
ence for ! female troubles, from whatever
cause; every woman her own physician; no
matter how long standing: travelers helped
at once: safe: call on. a physician with men's
knowledge: cure. $5: restores in 1 day and
prevents disgrace; can be sent; consultation
free; ladles' physician, practice 37 years.
DR. POPPER. 31S Kearny st. _______
A— DR. G. XV. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of Irregulari-
ties than any other physician: never falls to
cure; consult him first, save time and money:
treatment can be used at home; consultation
. free; call or. write. 1023*4 Market st.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor: 'Chinese tea and
. hirb sanitarium. 764-766 Clay at., San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used:
advice free: hours. 9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3
and 7 to » p. m.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D.: don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
A nice private home in confinement at the most
reasonable price in the city; infants adopted.
MRS. M. PFEIFFER. midwife. 2012 Folsom.
A— DR. and MRS. SILVA. 215"4 Mason St.—
Private home in confinement: ladies' friend
in trouble; terms reas.; call and be convinced.
DU PRAE'S gemale Regulating Pills; safe and
efficient c-mmenagogue; $1 per box. RICH-
ARDS & CO.. druggists. 406 Clay, sole agts.
DR. AND MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.; private home in confinement; babies
adopted into good homes.
DR. and Mrs. Wise, HIS Market st.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back; IS up-
WIFE, does your husband drink or smoke?
You can cure him. 319 McAllister st.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife; pleasant sunny home
In confinement. 156 Second St.: tel. Green 52.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS "WANTS.
WANTED— A newspaper plant, including cyl-
inder press not smaller than 25x44: must he in
goo- order an.l cheap. Address box 4640, Call.
ANY' one having a cabinet . bath for sale
cheap, please address P.. box 4957, Call office.
WANTED— Customers to buy their meals at
4—C McAllister st : all home cooking.
WANTED— tenant for 724 Mission St.; finest
store in city. _■
WANTED Second-hand set Encyclopedia Brlt-
anntca; must be very cheap. Address box
4554, Call.
WANTED— young horse; must be cheap;
cash. 2757 Sixteenth st.
WANTED— To hire 100 flrst-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
STONE, Elmhurst. ■ ■
- _____;
MISCELLANEOUS- For Sale.'
BOILERS," engines. 2d-hand machinery. MC-
INTOSH & WOLFMAN. 395-197 Fremont st.
YOST typewriter, cost 3100, now $25: Caligraph,
cost $100, now $18: Dayton computing scale,
cost $65, now $25; druggist's double -floor nickel
showcase, cost $50. now $25; all No. 1 order.
TAYLOR. Berkeley station.
SECOND-HAND engines and hollers bought
and sold. KROGH MANUFACTURING CO.,
San Francisco, Manufacturers of pumping,
mining and winemaklng machinery.
A FAULTLESS pair pure white diamond
screws for $97: cost originally at "Jacot's."
St. Louis, $180. UNCLE HARRIS, 13 Grant
: aye. . .
'!" F. HPLTZ & CO., 545 Mission St.. manufac-
turers and dealers in slot machines; repair-
ing done. ' ■
OLD house with lot cheap: easy Installments;
south of Market. Box 4662. Call office.
FOR sale— A butter and egg route. For partic-
ulars address box 4964, Call office.
THOROUGHBRED pug pups cheap. Apply at
1308 Broderick . St.
CLEVELAND Special, '09 model, new, $27 50.
Bo- 4541, Call.
FOR sale— Oak roll-top typewriting desk,
slightly used; $25. Box 4552. Call.
FOR sale— 4 fine fox terrier pups; cheap. 562
Stevenson . st. .
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged.- 1063 Mission St.
ALL suitable for wedding presents— 8 solid sil-
ver fancy engraved table spoons: 12 solid sil-
ver teaspoons: 8 solid silver forks; 6 pearl
handle table knives: 1 gold-lined heavy solid
sliver soup ladle; 1 large gold-lined solid sil-
ver mug; each set of -this beautiful new sil-
verware Is in a new, elegant plush case
and will be sold for half of store prices.
UNCLE HARRIS, IB Grant aye.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, ' linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1013-1021-1023 Mis-
sion St., above Sixth.
'LINE engine for hoist or sternwheel
boat: 10 houslepower; cheap. Bo** 4565, Call.
2 NATIONAL ("ash Registers': 1 nickel plated
and other wood.en;- cheap. 417 Sacramento st.
FRESH milch goats cheap. Apply 509 Twenty-
ninth st. near Noe. ' -
BOILERS, engines, ltjthes, planer, band saw,
wood planer; -d-hand. J. BURKE. 139 Beale.
CAMERAS and photo supplies— A full line
selling at less than cost. 513 Hearst building.
ICE plant: 2d hand; complete; pipe, engine,
boiler, ammonia tank. WHITE, 516 Mission.
GASOLINE engines— l h. p. $100. 2 h. p. $125. 3
h. p. $150, 4 h. p. $175. Smith Co.. 527 Mission.
DRESS pants, $2 95: fine suits, $9 95. Misfit Cloth-
ing Parlors. 513 Montgomery, cor. Commercial.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $175. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 320 Kearny st., near Pine.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand, all
sizes: half original ■ st. 109-111 Market. S. F. '
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F... Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 t_ 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate, 3d
ana 2d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY" respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin . Jewelry
Store 846 Market St.; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. ISO Powell st.
CASH loans to salaried people on note with-
out endorser. MORRELL, 603 Examiner bldg.
MONEY loaned to salaried people on note with-
out Indorser. HILL. 44. Merchants* Exchange.
AT Nevada Loan Office, 214 Grant aye. -Money
loaned on diamonds. Jewelry and clothing,.
REAL estate, 6 per cent; 2d mortg.. .chattels,
etc. Harper & Kreiger, 312 Examiner building.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their- notes
without indorser. TOUSLEY, KM Parrot! bldg.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY M ■ Market.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $5
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash: bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
'. Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, and , Thirteenth and
Broadway.; Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house -
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 28 and 20 O'Farrell .t.: pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. ■ . .-: ..* '■ .
HAINES BROS.. Baldwin and other standard
, makes: second-hand. $100 up; wholesale prices
to all. XV. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
OUR specialty— Best renting stock in San Fran-
, cisco. SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO., 560
Hayes st. /•"w^.: / v/ ]
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
PURCHASER for a Decker Bros.' "baby
grand" piano; $300. 2418 Shattuck aye., Berke-
ley. __
FOR sale A Knabe piano; nearly new; in fine
condition. Address box 4570. Call.
A BARGAIN — Stelnway upright cheap.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister, next Hibernia Bank.
PIANO, upright, good instrument, good order,
sacrifice $50: square. $40. —Zlhi Mission st.
PIANO, good condition, fine lone, for sale; $75;
no dealers. 2454 Market St.: Monday." '
$400 CHICKERING upright piano for sale. $175.
2S3S Folsom St.. near Twenty-fifth.
USE of piano wanted for storage: no children;
best care. 354 Fell st. '__
PIANO for sale; $20. 2484 Market St.; call
Monday, - .
AT $127; steinwav upright left by party going
East. 136 Ellis st. *
A-SSS: UPRIGHT piano In fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
i , :
CHEAP Stelnway upright; also the famous
Hornung Bros.' pianos. 216 McAllister st.
BARGAINS— Another big lot pianos put on
sale cheap. Wilson's Storage Rooms. 1710 Mkt.
A— UPRIGHTS. $69 up; Installments. $5 75 up:
rents, $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Ellis.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy and other planes. 303
j Post st. ■
W. G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento St., agent for
! Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
! KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES To Let.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
$60—105 Taylor st.
$SC— 4SG Valencia st., corner Sixteenth.
$35—859 Mission St., near Fifth.
$20—328 Montgomery avenue.
$22 50— Howard St., near Fifth.
$17—256 First St.
$20—354 Fourth st.
$25—1119 Harrison st., corner Langton.
ELEGANT cafe; lease on liberal terms: loca-
tion central; improvements the finest. For
full particulars apply MADISON & BURKE.
626 Market st. .
BUTCHER shoo to let: fixtures and Ice house
complete: low rent. G. H. UMBSEN, 14
Montgomery St.
ATTENTION, grocery and saloon men— Fine
store on SE. corner Tenth and Howard sts.;
cheap rent. ■--.-.'
$20— STORE NW. cor. Post and Baker sts.,
with fixtures: complete for a grocery; 3 rooms
in the rear: a fine concrete cellar: water free.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. 616 Geary St., above Jones; classes;
office hours, 1 to 8 p. m.; reading by mall. $1.
I PALMIEA— Remove. I to 301 Polk St.. cor. Ful-
ton; readings daily; lectures Monday 8 p. m.
YOUR fate is in your hand; scientific palmis-
try. Mme. Germalne. 908 Market, rooms 29-30.
A— MME. SHNELL, the famous palmist. 916
Bush St.. between Taylor and Jones.
PERSONALS.
HONORABLE widow, middle aged, no Incum-
brance, wishes to meet elderly gentleman*
with some means- object, matrimony. Boi
4664. Call office.
YOUNG widow wishes to meet a gentleman <»
means who would assist her: object, matrl
mony. Address M. M., box 4960. Call mffice.
THE party that printed the note to J. R
would meet him a 36 E at 1 p. m. Monday.
I think you are right. J. B.
A WEALTHY" gentleman, quite lonely. will
appreciate with all his heart a true devoted
wife. "Reliable," 1207 Lexington aye.. New
York.
JOHN McQUEEN, carpenter, please call on or
address IP A. McQUEEN. 130 Ellis st.
STRANGER desires acquaintances discreet
young widow; object matrimony. Box 4947,
CalL ■
PHILOMENA PARTHENIA McPEEK— Write.
___ FRED.
WIDOWER, middle aged, owns a valuable es-
tate, incurred a debt by paying deceased
wife's heirs their part cash, wants to meet
a Catholic lady, 33 years old; must be worth
$1000 cash: object marriage. Farmer, box
4567, Call office.
A PROSPECTOR going to the north of this
State . to prospect for copper would lfke to
correspond with parties that would become
financially Interested In same. Box 4358. Call.
BRUNETTE boy baby for adoption. MRS. DR.
FUNKE, 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
LEDERER'S Quintonica is Incomparable as a
hair tonic; stimulates the growth: keeps the
hah -clean; 35c bot. 123 Stockton St.
LEPERER always uses Scheffler's Colorlne for
the hair; restores color, bleached or gray. $1 50
to $5: cost 75c box; hairdressing. -sc; switches,
$1. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st,
_________________________ "
J. GORDAN. THE TAILOR,
1182-1124 MARKET ST..
MAKES the BEST of CLOTHES TO ORDER
AT MODERATE PRICES.
SCIENTIST desires partner to go around world
in submarine boat, visiting World's Fair In
Paris in 1900. For particulars . address W.
SEVERNE. box 25, Crockett. Cal.
ASSORTMENT of Imported and domestic rem-
nants for suits to order, $10 75; pants. $3 73;
nothing higher. One-Price Tailoring Co., 1644
Market St.. under St. Nicholas, Hotel. . ,
, ■
LADY* expert letter writer; strictly confiden-
tial; business or personal. Room 6. 28 Seventh.
CHAS. McKENZIE— CaII on THOMAS Mc-
KENZHE, at 741 Natoma St. : hotelmen notify.
IF your watch fails to keep time see J.
ANSON. 1189. Market St.. near Eighth.
ROYAL STAG whiskey: best in the world.
PEIN _ SCIIOENE, NE. cor. 3d and Mission.
Cheap, printing. ROSSI. 540 Green st.
BEFORE going to the country get a handsome
genuine Mexican sombrero; 40c upward. Mexi-
can Store, 114 Stockton st.
— »
$150 ORDER on Keeley Institute or $150 schol-
arship in city business college for $100, or will
trade for groceries or lumber. Box 48—, Call.
IF you want a good meal go to 5 Polk St.
LEDERER'S Quintonica makes the hair glossy,
removes dandruff," cleanses the scalp; 35c bot.;
Foamo shampoo. 5c pkg. 123 Stockton st.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
j chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
' carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
THERE Is only one LEDERER; his artistic,
up-to-date hairdressing costs only 25c; Leder-
er's Foamo Shampoo. 5_ pkg. ; switches, $1
up; longest hair rolls, SOc. 123 Stockton st.
I "HAVE found a positive cure for drunkenness;
can be given secretly: will gladly tell you
what it Is: don't send money. MRS. MAY
HAWKINS, lock box F. X. 131, Grand Rap-
'" Ids. Mich. ■ -
FAT is fatal to beauty and health: we reduce
quickly and safely. An-T.-Phat Co.. Chicago.
LIFE Insurance policies bought for cash. W.
R. NICHOLSON. Attorney and Financial
Agent. International Hotel.
LADIES— The Equipoise waist has no equal;
Y'psilantl underwear. OBER'S, 34 Geary st.
isl 50— 1000 CARDS, statements, bill or note
I heads; catalogue printing. BLEY"S Printing
House. 511 Sacramento st. ; tel. Main 1536.
A— LADIES' tailor-made suits to order at
wholesale figures. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent, Trademark
I Attorney at Law. and Copyright
' No. 4 Sutner St.. • Law a Specialty.
San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st., near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
-: • —
$1 PER week for lady's suit. Jacket or cape,
• gentleman's suit or overcoat. Eastern Out-
fitting Co.. 1306 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
T. BRILLIANT. 331-340 Post St.. will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
DR. CREEL Y' B Dog Hospital. 109 Elm aye.;
office. Hoise Hospital, 610 Golden Gate aye.;
separate ward for contagious diseases. .
RUPTURE, stricture cured: n*> knife; -no injec-
tion; guarantd. Dr. Gordin. 3l4 Pine, ab.Krny.
________________ _ . — •
A— Ladies' or gent's clothing, furniture bought,
fold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Fclsom st.
LADIES' tailor-made suits; $1 week. Chicago
; Clock Co., j ISI4 Market st. : open evenings.
1 ___________________
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. Y'OS TANI. 313 Sutter st. "
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Sth.
I WANTED— Old gold for manufacng. ' O. Nolte.
■ Jeweler. 243 O'Farrell. bet. Powell _ Mason.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
PARTNERS ____________
WANTED— A man partner, with $2CO. 30 Han-
_nah St.. Oakland. . ',-
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
i DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office and residence.
1021'- Market St.. bet. Sixth ami Seventh.
7 ps Vc HOMJBTRV- ~- I. i
HENRY HARRISON! "BROW , psychometrist;
reads character: gives advice from spirit side
of life; heals by lavlna on hands. 120 A Eddy.
1718
REAL ESTATE — — For Sale.
G 11. UMBSEN vt CO.,
Real Estate Agents.
14 Montgomery st.
$39,000.
Business corner on Geary St.. short distance
from Market; improvements of little value,
rents $156 per month: lot 56x62:6.
$38,000. . . ,
Fine corner, half EO-vaxa: elegantly Improved
in stores and flats; rents $293 per month.
$12,500.
Turk-st business, property; 6 flats: rents $105,
25x137"6; a short distance from Market st.
$2500.
Corner store and fiat; rents $30 per month;
near Twenty-third and Valencia .sts.; 2.(Xib.
$4626.
Rents $540 per annum: Pacific Heights; 2 fine
modern flats of 7 and 6 rooms and bath eack;
large lot. 29x137:6.
$3300.
"' Leavenworth St.; 3 flats; rents $396 per an-
num; street accepted.
$20,000. "
Elegant mansion: 2-sy.ry and basement East-
lake residence of 14 rooms and bath, etc.; 75x
137:6; grand unobstructed marine views.
$14,100.
Jackson st.. Pacific Heights: elegant Eastlake
mansion of 14 rooms, etc.; 35x127:8*4.
$9000.
Pacific Heights; grand marine view; elegant
modern residence of 12 rooms and 2 baths; 27:6
XIS7.-6. ■ - --. "-.-;
$6250.
A real bargain; a . fine modern 2-story and
basement residence of 7 rooms and bath*. 25x
337:6.
■'.-'. -: $5150. -
Pacific Heights residence; Sacramento st. an
elegant modern residence of $ rooms and. bath;
finished basement, etc.; fine garden; 26x103.*.
$5125.
Very cheap: Webster st., adjoining a corner;
substantial 2-story and basement residence of
7 rooms and bath, etc., and .lot.
$3750.
Pine St.; a bargain; -very cozy bay-window
cottage of 6 rooms and bath, brick foundation.
etc.; street accepted by city; large lot, 27x77:6.
$1500.
Mission warm belt; cozy cottage of 6 rooms;
lot 25x118. —'..'".• ;,..-".-
-$l3OO.
No reasonable offer refused; a very cozy bay-
window cottage of 4 rooms and bath, eto.;
near Castro and Mission street car lines.
$1000.
Mission warm belt; a bargain; cozy cottage
of 4 rooms; lot 27x114.
$2000. .'-7..- ■"'
Pacific Heights, Green st.; 29:8x137:6; very I
cheap lot.
$1600.
Good corner, 26:6x100; Mission warm belt; ■
suitable for drug store or grocery store.
$1250 AND UPWA.RD.
12 choice building lots: very: cheap; 11 sold;
Fourteenth, Noe and Henry s^s. ; 1 block from :
Market st. ; $5x116 each; level, on grade and j
ready for building: offered at very low prices,
and "being so nicely locate,* are selling rapidly. ,
$1250 AND UPWARD.
On very easy terms; we are offering the lots |
at Waller and Steiner sts. of the German Say- ;
ings and Loan Society; street work done com- j
plete: lots all ready to build on; terms, *& cash. j
balance at 7 per cent: only a few left.
$500 EACH :
And upwards; Richmond lots'; Tenth aye., C |
and D sts.; adjacent to the .'Park: 25x120: on
Installments: $50 cash, $10 pei; month; interest
• at 7 per cent.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate Rec-
ord-," which contains a list of properties for
t_ale In all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery* st.
PACIFIC HEIGHT.*-: DOTS
PACIFIC HEIGHT.' LOTS
• PACIFIC HEIGHTS LOTS ■
A rare chance; we offer sap at a great sac-
rifice five beautiful lots in th;. Pacific Heights
district; the lots are well located, near car line,
and command a splendid marine view; this is
a great opportunity to secure a fine lot at a
cheap figure; don't miss it; isend or call for
plat with prices. I
$13,000 .
Fine residence of 12 rooms, on Jackson st.,
near Central aye.; lot 29:3x127:8.
$2800
Four flats of 4 rooms each In Mission; rents
$32 per month; lot 25x100.
$115 PER FRONT FOOT
Lots on north side of Green St., near Van
Ness aye.; any size frontage; 205 feet deep.
$2500 :
Two good flats of 4 and 5 rooms, near 16th and
Howard sts.; a bargain.
A CHEAP LOT
On 11th aye., near the Park; 25x320; price only
$450; lot is all ready to build on.
COLLEGE HEIGHTS
Very fine lots, with view ol' the city; $800 to
$1100. "
McAFEE BROS., McAFEE BROS.,
108 Montgomery St., j San Francisco.
JOHN PFORR. removed to 103 Pine St., oppo-
site the Nevada Bank.
$3Sso— Rent $45; Webster st., near Washington;
a fine double flat, 6 rooms and bath each.
$31.000— An excellent corner ln the best busi-
ness part of the city; paying 18 per cent.
325.000— A very substantially built 3-story bay-
window house, on Larkln st., a few doors south
of Geary; 2 stores, with 3 rooms each. .22 rooms
and bath upstairs and 4 flats of 4 rooms- each
ln house in the rear; lot 47:6x137:6; rent $188.
$5000— Rent $55; 3 houses on Harriet St.. near
Folsom; lot 50x75.
$2500— Rents $32; Clement St., Richmond; 4
flats. 4 rooms each.
$5000— A rare chance on Fulton st.. only 3
blocks from the City Hall; a 2-story house of 7
rooms and stable; lot 27:6x137:6.
$2400 each— 2 double flats of 9 rooms each, near
the corner of Sixth and Bryant sts, ; rent $25 ea.
Several fine properties on McAllister st.
$7500— A big bargain; only 2 blocks from the
City Hall, on a coming business street. Inside
Van Ness aye.; good house, 10 rooms; iot 27:6 x
120. ' : *v
$10,000— Three excellent 2-story bay-window
houses on Haight st., 3 blocks from Market;
lot 55x137:6: rent $75.
$25.000— $160; a prominent northwest cor-
ner. 65x100 feet; improvements of 3 stores and 3
flats above and 2 cottages, all rented; there Is
a fortune In this property.
TO BE HAD
for your rent money. Cottage of 4 rooms and
bath, desirably situated on Hoffman aye.,
near Twenty-second St., in the Heyman
tract: the agent at our branch office on the
tract will be pleased to show it to you.
JACOB HEY'MAN & SON, 19 Montgomery st.
HEALTH RESORT of San Francisco
We are prepared to sell lots and build novel
cottages on easy terms, at the Ocean boule-
vard. Sunset Beach; we will also rent cat-
to families or clubs; cur lots are beautifully
located, one block' from the cars and the
boulevard, with a superb view of the ocean.
JACOB HEYMAN & SON. owners and build-
ers, 19 Montgomery* street.
$100; LOTS near music stand, south side of
Golden Gate Park.
JACOB HEY'MAN, 19 Montgomery st.
$75; LOTS 100x115, in the Abbey Homestead.- i
near San Mateo electric cars; good for
chicken ranches. . i '
JACOB HEYMAN & SON, 19 Montgomery st.
VERY PROMINENT CORNER.
CHOICE BUSINESS PROPERTY".
Eddy and Leavenworth Sts.
$45,000; rent. $200; large lot 40x87:6; a rare
chance; full particulars at office. "...*;■;
. $6500. REDUCED FROM $7000.
Rent, $60 50; 3 elegant modern flats; never
vacant; close to Panhandle; don't miss this
chance. .--.<. : . . -■'
INSIDE BUSINESS CORNER.
$9000; rent, $80 60. Mission st near Tenth. '
BUSINESS CORNER.
$8000; rent, $75; elegant corner; 2 stores and
2 flats.
$6000: rent. $42 50; 2 flats. Pine near Stockton
BURNHAM A- MARSH CO., 20 Montgomery st.
$6500— N0. 108 Laurel near Clay: fine S-room
house; flrst-class order; cost $9000.
$4850— new home on Beulah st. near
Stanyan; 6 rooms and bath, ,etc; strictly
modern.
$2900— Store and lot on Central aye. nr. Grove
25x100.
$600 Masonic aye. near Epstein, 25x190; must
be sold; offer wanted; mortgaged.
$250— fine lot, worth $400, on Paris st. nr.
Persia;: level.
McEWEN BROS., 622 Stanyan st. and lIS
Montgomery St.
39 lots on 20th, Diamond, 21st and Colllngwo-d; ■
very cheap on Installments: graded and sew-
ered: 20th st. lots. 25x97:6, $550; Diamond st. lots
23x125, $350; -Ist St. lots, 25x97:6. $230; Colllngl
wood st. lots, 25x126. $200; from $25 to $100 '-ash
balance at 6 per cent. CHAS. W. POPE, D
Montgomery st. ■ ■
BUY cheap lots; make more than bank Inter-
est. .
$75— Last lot-In block south of park.
$160—1 to 6 lots; 2 blocks electric cars. Mis-
sion. $300 each; cost . owner $1200; 2- lots 1%
blocks from park; close ln. I. SCHARFF, 20
Montgomery' st.
FOR sale Cottage.' 6 large rooms;: 11-foot ceil-
ings; new; latest Improvements: basement
"finished: fine marine view; half block Eight-
eenth-st. electric cars; lot 25x100; bouse 25x80.
95 Casein aye.; cheap. .
$900- Cozy, sunny four-room cottage; good
view: street work -complete; 407 Thirtieth st.
Apply evenings 1378 Union.
2 LOTS on Valley St.; 25:6x114: $325 each; must
be sold. GEO. W. H. PATTERSON & CO.,
1706 Market st.
$1700— NEW' house; brick foundation; 9 rooms
and bath. SPECK. 667 Market St. '
A CHARMING HOME.. 77777777777
=. '.:•*.'. .'..'.' • • .IN THE MISSION
$2500— House of 8 rooms and bath; cost nearly
$4000 2 years ago; Alabama Ft., near Twenty-
second. If you are looking for a nice home and
want your- moneys worth see this.
-. H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
7 ROOMS. Berkeley. $2500; 7 rooms, San Fran-
cisco (Mission). $1600; 7 rooms. Oakland, $2250;
all on easy terms. THE MCCARTHY CO.,
646 Market st, San Francisco, g
IF your property is mortgaged and yoa need
mors money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market st.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — Sale.
A GREAT BARGAIN. Si
$4750— Worth $6000; Devisadero St., *>et. Clay
and Washington; nice bay-window residence,
7 rooms, bath; hot-air furnace and all conven-
iences. • si -
$2300— Rent $21; Langton st., nr. Seventh and
Bryant ; 2 good flats. 4 and 5 rooms each.
$4750— Rent $43; Folsom St., east of Ninth; lot
25x90: store and flat above.
$8250— Three handsome new flats, close to the
1 Park; up to date in every respect; marble steps,
j etc.; sun ln every room; best bargain in the
I market. '•.*-.*■-' ■■'"
$5000— Washington st., nr. Powell; 2-story
1 brick building, containing 10 rooms and base-
ment; large corner lot, 40x77:6; building covers
only portion of lot.
$S3oo— Rent $72; Mason St., nr. Clay; 3-story
house, 10 rooms and bath; also double cottage
of 6 rooms each; lot 40x60. . ■ -"V ; - ■ " *
$4900— Rent. $45: Golden Gate aye.. nr. Baker
St.; 2 flats, 6 and 7 rooms, etc.; lot 25x100; offer
wanted; must be Fold.
A DOWN-TOWN CORNER-.
$15,150— Investment; close to Ellis and
j Hyde sts.; store and flats; large lot; pays well.
FRONTING GOLDEN GATE PARK.
Modern residence; Oak St., nr. Ash-
bury; contains 9 rooms, bath, etc.; lot 25x
! 137:6; can be bought on desirable terms.
$4500— st., nr. Laguna: 2-story bay-
window residence, 7 rooms and bath.
$1900— st., nr. Nineteenth; 25x105, with
good cottage of 5 rooms, bath, etc.; rent $16; is
a good Investment or home.
$6000— Sutter st.. nr. Devisadero: lot 34:4 .x
137:6. with a 2-story residence containing 9
rooms and bath, etc.; also stable.
$40C0— A good business corner; Bryant and
Harriet sts.. nr. Sixth; 25x75.
BUSINESS AND RESIDENCE LOTS.
$800 to $1000— Lots on Eighteenth. Nineteenth.
Texas and Mississippi sts.; all ready for build-
ing; street work done; terms $50 cash, balance
$50 monthly; car line on Eighteenth st.; close
to the Union Iron Works, sugar refinery, etc.
$1200— Great bargain; Harrison St., nr. Twen-
ty-fourth; lot 26x100. with cottage of 3 rooms.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery street.
A— s2Boo— Pacific, nr. Hyde: store and flat
above; also rear house; lot 26x76.
$3500— 51000 cash, balance monthly; 2-story
house of 8 rooms and bath and basement; large
lot, 25x115, with 2 frontages; rents $27; Dorland
St., nr. Guerrero.
$6000— Bargain; Pine St., nr. Gough; lot SOx
137:6, with 2-story residence of _ rooms, bath,
etc.
$2400— Pays $27; good Investment; close to
Third and Bryant sts.; 2 houses; both rented.
. Clement St., nr. Fifth aye.; modern
I bay-window- cottage, 4 rooms and bath; lot 25x
100; stable in the rear.
$7000— Folsom st., nr. Sixth; lot 87:6x90; 2
houses of 7 rooms each; rent $50.
$2800— Nineteenth st., nr. Noe; lot 25x114;
I rent $26; 2 flats of 4 and 5 rooms each.
$6500— Mason St., nr. Jackson; 2-story brick
i residence of 12 rooms; also flat of 5 rooms in
j rear; extra large lot, 35x137:6.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery street. -.
i CHEAP PARK LOTS. •
$200 AND UPWARD.
$25 CASH, $5 MONTHLY.
Choice Park lots, all ready for the home- i
builder, south of and not far from Golden Gate ;
Park.
Go to our branch office to-day (office open
Sundays and holidays), corner of II st. and
Ninth aye., and our agent will give you price :
lists, etc. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery street.
=
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.
BANKS PAY 3 1-3 PER CENT INTEREST.
REAL ESTATE FOUR TIMES AS MUCH, j
INVESTMENTS.
$4,000—3 flats and rear house on Minna st. ;
rents $40; 26x80; snap.
$4,100—4 fiats near Sixth and Folsom sts.; rent
$40; lot 27xS0 feet.
$3,soo— Near Second and Minna et. ; brick
house, 12 rooms.
$3,500—2 houses of 4 tenements; near Fourth j
and Brannan sts. : double lot.
$I,9oo— Stone st., near Jackson; 2 fiats, 4 rooms |
each; rents $18.
$1,750—4 blocks from Fourth and Market sts.;
3 flats, 4 rooms each; rent $26.
FLATS.
$17,000 Fe1l st., corner facing Panhandle; 3 ;
flats; rents high; 31:3x137:6.
$7,ooo— Near McAllister St.; 3 modern flats; j
rent $65; 25x137:6.
$5,000— close an estate; 2 flats, 7 rooms; on i
Sutter St.; lot 27:6x110.
$4,750—3 flats on Golden Gate aye.; rents $44.
$4,ooo— Flat and store on Steiner St.; always
rented.
RESIDENCES AND COTTAGES.
$7,ooo— Washington St., Pacific Heights; 10
rooms and bath; 25:6x102.
$6,soo— Steiner st. ; bay-window house, 10 rooms,
i modern; 25x110.
I $6,500—50 feet frontage on California St.; house
9 rooms, bath and stable; land worth
I money.
$3,000— Twenty-fourth st.: house, 7 rooms and
bath; snap; must sell. •
$2,500— Snap; mortgage $2000 can remain 6 per
cent; nice cottage, 6 rooms and bath;
land alone worth the money.
LOTS.
$2,000— Twenty-fourth st., near Castro; 40-foot
lot; double frontage; ready for build-
ing.
$500— Adjacent to Mission st.; street work
done; 25x100 feet.
We hold our regular auction sales every two i
weeks. For further particulars apply to
EASTON, ELDRIDGE * CO.,
638 Market St.
WANTED— To exchange, ark Belvedere and
yacht Pride for a piece of property as part
payment; not to exceed $5000; rents $80 per ;
month; can be seen at Belvedere. Address |
W. P. NUTZ, Valiejo.
$2000— CORNER; Twenty-first and Chattanooga
sts.; 27x73. XV. H. CRIM & CO., 118 Mont-
gomery St. ■-. /.'v.
$1700— NEAT cottage of^i rooms; Harrison St., }
near Twenty-third; 23^4x100; part cash. XV. '
H. CRIM _ CO., 118 Montgomery st.
TWENTY-FOURTH St.. near Church;
house of 8 rooms; 25x102. XV. H. CRIM & CO.,
lIS Montgomery st. ,
TWENTIETH St., near Y'alencla; 6 rooms
and bath; 25x100. W. H. CRIM & CO., 118
Montgomery st.
$1000 LOT; Twenty-second, nr. Alabama; street
bituminized; 25x80.
$1000— Second aye., bet. Point Lobos and Clem-
ent; street sewered and macadamized; $400
mortgage.
$100— LOT; 25x100; Ocean View.
XV. H. CRIM & CO.. 118 Montgomery st.
FOR SALE BY
HAWKS — SKELTON, 321 Montgomery st.
$9750— St., near Washington, facing
Alta Park; 8 rooms. . .
$7500— Scott, near Union; fine bay view; 8 i
rooms and attic; new and artistic.
$11,000— California St., near Webster, north i
side; 12 rooms; finished handsomely.
Jackson st., near Devisadero, north j
side; 9 rooms; modern and sunny.
$16,500— Leavenworth, near California; 3
houses renting $135 per month; easy terms.
$6000— New flats, Frederick, near Clayton and |
the park; rents $50; easy terms.
Howard, near Eighteenth. 8 rooms and j
bath; reduced from $5600; a bargain.
- $3500— Flats; Hartford st., near Castro and
19th; 4 and 5 rooms and bath each.
$6500 — corner Valiejo and Pierce sts.; 45x i
112; sheltered and warm.
Also numerous other residences. investments j
and lets. • HAWKS & SKELTON,
321 Montgomery - St.
A FINE paying property; $60 per month; only ■
$8000; the income Is more than double that I
the same money will yield on deposit in any j
bank; three flats; built a little over a year; J
east of Van Ness aye.; 5 rooms, bath, laun- !
dry; with all modern improvements ln each !
flat; always rented because the flats are de- '
sirable, the location is choice and the rent '
is very low; flrst-class tenants; 3 lines of
cars; it would cost at least $1000 more to
erect the building now, as the prices of
building materials have advanced; to make
immediate sale the property is offered at this
low price as the owner is leaving the State;
size of lot 27:6x82:6. W. J. GUNN,' 410 Mont- i
gomery st.
LAST WEEK
I sold 2 houses. They went, to 2 families
who had paid rent for many years. This
rent money they now pay to me, and in
return 1 give them their own home. No
more rent receipts; It's Installment; receipts
.now. I have some more of these new up-
to-date cottages in a fine location, and you
can have them for your rent money.
OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post St.
$12 A MONTH buys it; Just built; 4 rooms and
bath cottage; only one block from ■ Mission i
and 29th st; price, $1250. OSCAR HEYMAN, I
14 Post st.
C. C. BEMIS, Real Estate and General Land
Agent, 324 Montgomery st.
Make offer Northeast corner Twenty-seventh
and Douglass sts.; must be sold; 80x114 feet. -
$2800— North line Carl St., near Stanyan; 50%
137:6 feet.
. Residence and . lot— North line Pacific a\*e.,
near Webster st. ; lot 30x127:814 feet.
A— s7Bso; CHOICEST corner of all; marine and
. park view, front and rear, cannot be ob-
; structed; 10 large sunny rooms; most ex-
pensively decorated; inlaid floors; mahogany,
cherry and oak mantels; plate glass windows;
very costly : 6-llght gas . fixtures; French
range, heaters, conservatory, etc.: Apply to
ALBERT WILFORD, cor. Fulton and Shrader
sts.. from 12 to 4 p. m.; McAllister or Hayes-
st. cars.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
Valencla-st. lots; any size; $135 per front
foot; fronting on 2 streets.
Twenty-third Bt., corner San Jose aye, with
improvements, $5500.
Second and Silver sts; corner, with improve-
ments. $6700. -'. ■ ■ "
• LOTS, Gift Map 2; $15 down, $15 mo." Apply
■ G. Nylander, 611 Moultrie St., Holly Park.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. JULY 16, 1899.
REAL ESTATE — — For Sale.
MADISON & BURKE.' Real Estate Agents.
Established 1858. 626 Market st.
Lots on Seventeenth, Eighteenth, Noe and
Hartford sts.; just placed on market; offered
cheap and very easy terms.
Retail business block, Sixth st., near Mis-
sion; always rented; large lot; 2 frontages,
paying big interest on amount asked.
Golden Gate aye., near Leavenworth st.; 3-
story building, store and flats; paying good/in-
terest; only $11,000.
Mission St.. bet. Ninth and Tenth: 2 flats: can
be raised and store put under at small expense,
lot 30x87:6; a bargain.
Must be sold— Two fine flats on Hayes st.,
near Buchanan; lot 27.6x120 to rear street; rents
very low, $55; only $7250; make offer.
$6300— Seventeenth st., near Capp; dwelling
and lot; 50x110.
j $5900— Corner Twenty-third and Noe sts.; 25:6 x
114 flats renting for $40.
I $4500— Bush st.. nr. Devisadero; 7 rooms and
I bath; lot 23x137:6.
Gough St.. near Fulton; 11 rooms and
bath; laundry' and large cellar; lot 31x52:6.
$2600 only for a nice 2-story house in perfect
order: Hampshire St., near Eighteenth: lot 2ox
100.
$3500— Guerrero st., near Twentieth; 23x100;
two flats, renting, for $23. .
$5000— O'Farrell St., near Devisadero; 3 houses;
rents $42 per month; lot 45x80.
$2900— Twenty-fifth st., near Sanchez; 6 rooms
and bath; 24:3x114.
■ Cottage and lot; . Twenty-third St., near
Castro; 5 rooms and stable; 25x114.
Golden Gate aye., corner Lyon St.;
store and rooms; 32:6x100.
I $3300- Chattanooga st., near Twenty-third; 2
j flats; rents $1S; lot 25x117.
| $1800— Diamond st., near Nineteenth; 6 rooms
J and bath; rents $12 50; lot 25x125.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY. *:
I $20,000— Pacific aye., southwest corner Octavia
i St.: 60x127 :S. . '„ _
i Corner on Haight and Octavia sts., 1 block |
j off Market; 37:6x100: offered low; one-half pur-
] chase can remain at 6 per cent.
Sutter st., nr. Buchanan: 26:3x87:6; $3935.
California, near Broderick; 24:9x82:6._
Eighteenth st., corner Diamond; 25x75; $2250.
$3300— Bryant, near Twenty-fifth; 62x100. -.'.
i $2750— Clay st.. near. Spruce; 27:6x127:8.
| $1600— Filbert st., corner Buchanan; 23x90.
j $1750— st., near Webster; 25x100.
$1000- -Seventh aye., near J st. ; 25x120.
I $800— Sixteenth St., near Castro; 25x100,
Jersey st., near Noe; 25x114.
$Soo— Twentieth st.. corner Douglass; 30x110.
MADISON & BURKE. ''-26 Market st.
COFFEY, HUGHES & CO.. 19 Montgomery.
I $12,000— St., close to Market; good im-
I provements; if made into flats would pay big;
1 25:x137:6.
i $1500— Bryant st., corner, near Mail and Santa j
Fe Dock.
I $5000—3 flats, near. McAllister st. cars; rents ;
745; a good buy.
$1250— Cheap lot, near Golden Gate Park and I
Affiliated Colleges.
$3500— Sold to close an estate; rents $36 50;
j Mission investment: make an offer.
COFFEY', HUGHES & CO..
19 Montgomery street.
COFFEY, HUGHES & CO.,
19 Montgomery Street.'
; $6000— Flats near Golden Gate Park; nearly
; new: rents $55.
$1550— Level lot near Mission High School;
; waht an offer.
| $110 per foot— Ness aye.; any size; street
work done.
S4loo— Clavton St.. near Park; 2 flats; a bar-
gain. " COFFEY. HUGHES & CO..
19 Montgomery street.
, SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM "A," CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
COMBINE PLEASURE WITH BUSINESS:
j SECURE A LOT FROM US AT A BARGAIN.
$400 to $800— Sunset and Richmond lots graded
' and ready to build on, $25 down and $10 month- !
! ly. *
! $700 to $1100— Two beautiful 5-room cottages
' near Mission Electric Car line, on easy terms.
$150 to $300— Ocean View Boulevard lots, $10
down and $5 monthly. *?-'?"-.
$100 to $125— Level Ocean View lots, $5 month-
ly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM "A," CROCKER BUILDING.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
TWO choice lots on Twelfth aye.. near Clem-
ent st. close to the finest residence in Rich-
mond: 25x120 each; only $650 each; electric
cars within a few steps; all street work done;
lots graded; easy payments. XV. J. GUNN,
410 Montgomery st.
$3750— 5600 CASH, balance monthly; large cor-
ner on Dolores st. ; new residence of 7 rooms
and bath; cost owner $4500; must be sold.
$4750— $500 CASH, balance monthly: reasonable
Interest; can have option of paying any sum
above amount agreed upon, as this is not a \
building and loan proposition; new residence i
of 8 modern rooms and bath, electric and gas |
lighting; furnace heat throughout; large lot;
grand view. Apply 232 Liberty St., near
Dolores. -.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First avenue, and you wish to sell I
them, call on XV. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery. j
$6500— ELEGANT new house, 10 rooms; Spruce,
near Clay; marine view; terms to suit: cv- j
erythlng modern. . I
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY For Sale
$1100— 71 ACRES; Lake County; 20 acres In al-
falfa; 2 acres bearing orchard; 4-room house,
barn and outbuildings; all fenced; wood and
v,*ater In abundance. •
$1500 acres; Lake County; all level and
Improved: 40 acres alfalfa land: 10 acres in
alfalfa; 4 acres bearing orchard; 6-room house,
barn and outbuildings; all fenced-; plenty of
wood and water. C. F. MOORE, 935 Market
St., room 6. :■>:,?:■■•'.■
$2500— Half cash; a fine section of land, Shasta
Co., close to railroad.
$2SOO-"-A fln-lv Improved orchard .home near
Vacaville. I. C. SCHARFF, 20 Montgomery.
Al SUGAR beet land, well located, at a sacri-
fice; also fine tracts of redwood and sugar
pine timber lands. HENLEY, 624 Market st.
MARIN Co.. 26 miles from S. F.— s4o to $80 per
acre; choice lands in tracts of all sizes; Im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay, grain,
fruit and vegetable lands; easy terms; rail
and water transit: good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO.. rm. 27, Bth floor. Mills bldg., S. F.
"NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts; 3150 acres sold to 120 families; 7600 j
acres left. For particulars of immense crops '
raised in dry season of 1897-98 tddress THE
COTATI CO.. 302 California St., S. F.
FRUIT, grain and stock farms. '. "';
W. D. HOLCOM & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
CHEAPEST and best ln America— Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address ln the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
PROPERTY ."WANTED; ;7-*r7 7
8-ROOM house and lot, not over $4500. Box
4659, Call office.
HOUSE and lot wanted, near cars. X., box
4566. Call office. ■ * -____■
LOT wanted— The best lot that about $100 will
■ buy; in "San • Francisco or around bay, but
not over 46 minutes' travel to Call building.
Address box 4867, Call office,
RESTAURANTS.
WESTERFELD'S restaurant, coffee and Ice |
cream parlor. 1035 Market st.: popular prices..
— -—-—-I — — — i ———— »-—
ROOMS FOR .HOUSEKEEPING.
AT 145 12th St.— Sunny "furnished rooms, com-
plete for hkpg. ; reas.; also single.
BIRCH aye., 538— Housekeeping room to let, $4.
BRODERICK. 305 -Suite of rooms for light
• housekeeping. '
I BRYANT, 430— 2 well ' furnished front rooms;
bay-window; coal stove; run. water; -others.
BUCHANAN, 1017—3 sunny unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping; references required. •
BUSH, 920— 2 unfurnished rooms; also others.
DEVISADERO, 849, ; corner McAllister— or 4
■ very desirable sunny unfurnished rooms; elec-
. trie light; gas; bath. __^_
EDDY, 305 Tw0 large rooms for housekeeping;
: private family; reasonable. . .
EDDY, Nicely ' fur. hskpg. rms., cornplte;
Ist and 2d floor; family house: gas; bath.
EDDY, 329 2 .connecting nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms, ' sunny, $11.
ELEVENTH, 368-, over bakery— fur-
t nished .- front room, with closet, $5; with
■ kitchen. $6; newly : kalsomined and painted;
private. ' ■•
ELLIS. 732— Three unfurnished rooms for house-
) keeping. '
FELL, 24, nr. Market— partly furnished or
unfurnished rooms' for, housekeeping. _■
FIFTH. 149"., nr. Howard— l double sunny front
rm., . $8 mo. : 1 hskpg., ■. suitable for 2. $6 mo.
FIFTH, 309— New house; 3 connecting rooms; 2
beds; complete hskpg.; adults; running water.
FILLMORE, 2208. near Clay— sls; 6 clean sunny
rooms; bath; nice yard and water. : 'r.v7
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
.FOURTH, 120— Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms, en suite or single, $150 per week and
upward. .•Z'i'V'-S-' *,
FOURTH, 225— Furnished rooms for light
housekeeping, $1 per week up.
FULTON, 116— Front sunny housekeeping room,
with kitchen; also single; reasonable.
GEARY', 14A— Large well-furnished suite, run-
ning water, $16. mo.; hkpg.; others, $1 25 wk.
GEARY*. 1917— Parlor, bedroom, dining room,
kitchen^ bath, toilet, gas, yard, basement.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 309— Newly furn. rooms,
light housekeeping; private; no children.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 404— neatly fur., 2 front,
with closets; hot, cold water; gas range; bath.
GOLDEN GATE, 1050—2 large sunny well-fur-
nished rooms for light housekeeping; gas
stove; free telephone. •
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1404— Finely furnished
front sunny rooms complete; bath; private
family, $11.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1404— Large sunny front
room, 'single room, $5; housekeeping.
HOWARD, 628, bet. First and Second— Nice
furnished sunny room, and also housekeeping.
HOWARD, 551*4—2 sunny unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping. --'.'■'.'-' ■■-- .
HOWARD, 704, cor. Third— Finely furnished
rooms first floor; also housekeeping; cheap.
HOWARD, 719' i. nr. Third— Two frnshed rms.;
hot, cold, wat.; bath; private family; $9 mo.
HOWARD, 822— Large sunny rooms for house-
keeping; furnished and unfurnished.
JONES, 20-56, cor. Filbert— lovely unfurnished
rooms, including kitchen; bay-window; adults.
KEARNY, 104— Three unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping, $15. .
LARKIN, 804— Sunny bedroom and kitchen,
furnished, $9; 2 unfurnished, $8; small room
furnished, - $4. •
LARKIN, 101014—2 unfurnished rooms, gas
stove, $12; 1 furnished sunny room for 2 gents.
LYON, 311 (Park Panhandle)— 3 unfurnished
sunny connecting rooms; separate.
MARKET, 1028— Large sunny front room and
kitchen; folding bed; closet; $12.
MINNA, 111 1 ,,, near Second— Furnished house-
keeping room, $1 25 per week.
MISSION, 654, nr.' Third— 2 sunny rooms; new-
ly furnished; $10 and $6 per month. '__
MISSION. Front -parlor: also alcove suite;
sunny; nicely furnished; $10 and $14.
MISSION, 839— Large sunny rooms for house-
keeping, furnished and unfurnished.
MISSION. 1125*4, near 7th— Large front room,
complete for housekeeping, $2 a week.
MISSION, Clean. . sunny housekeeping
and other rooms; cheap. _
NATOMA, 645— or 3 sunny furnished rooms
complete for housekeeping, $9 and $11.
OAK, 31- nr. Van Ness— Front completely fur.
hskpg rm., $9; also neatly fur, single, $6 mo,
OAK. Front cor. bay-window rm. or suit;
also completely - furnished housekeeping rm.
OAK, Large sunny room, grate, gas; also
small kitchen, gas stove; yard; $12 month.
PEARL, 3, corner Market— 2 or 3 rooms fur-
nished complete for housekeeping.
POWELL, 1315—2 or. 3 sunny front rooms for
light housekeeping; marine view.
PROSPECT- place, 123, off California, between
I Stockton and Powell— Large room and kitchen;
fine view of bay; morning sun; $10; pri. Ger.
SECOND, 130, bet. Howard and Mission— House-
keeping rooms and others, $1 25 up.
SECOND, 608—2 or 3 furnished housekeeping
rooms; bath; hot and cold water.
SEVENTH 178, bet. Howard and Mission-
Front suite, complete for hskpg.. $9 month.
SIXTH, Large sunny front and back rooms
with or without housekeeping.
SOUTH PARK, 90— large sunny front house-
• keeping rooms; parlor floor; very reasonable.
SOUTH PARK, IS4, nr. 3d— sunny rooms.
nicely furnished, complete for housekeeping.
SUTTER 1111. nr. Comfortably furn.
single suites; also hskpg. ; terms reasonable.
TEHAMA, 3, near First— 4 sunny rooms for
housekeeping: business center. -
TEHAMA, 478, nr. Sixth— s sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms: kitchen complete; suit-
able for tailor or dressmaker; $14.
THIRD, 341- Housekeeping rooms, $1 50 _ week,
$6 per month. •
THIRD. 440. bet. Harrison and Bryant—
furnished hskpg. rooms by week or month.
TURK, -Nicely furnished rooms complete
for housekeeping; gas and bath; $2 50 and
$3 25 per week. ■' - ■ "
VALENCIA. 844— Large sunny unfurnished par-
lors', closets, bath, gas, housekeeping; rea-
sonable. *■.■,-'■-':. ! .
VAN NESS aye., Choice sunny front rooms
for housekeeping, suites and single.
VAN NESS aye.. 43—2 furnished sunny rooms
for housekeeping; single for gentleman.
VAN NESS, 232—2 large bay-window suites;
kitchen, gas range, running water, closets.
VAN NESS aye.. 817—2 suhny nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms, $15 month. v
BAKER, 2110 sunny rooms " and bath on
lower floor: furnished for housekeeping.
BIRCH aye., 617. between Laguna and Bu-
chanan— rooms and kitchen; rent $6. .
BRODERICK, 665— Three large bay-window
rooms; housekeeping; near park.
EIGHTH. 108 — Bay-window room; kitchen;
range; hot and cold water; sunny porch.
FIFTH, 309— New house, 2 or 3 sunny bay-win-
dow housekeeping rooms; running water; gas,
FOLSOM. 863— A large sunny bedroom and ad-
joining kitchen; yard; $12. ■__
FOURTH. 225— Nice furnished rooms for house-
keeping; also single. ■
GEARY', Elegant sunny rooms for house-
keeping; suite and others; bath. __
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1050— or two large
sunny well furnished rooms and. kitchen for j
light housekeeping, or for gentleman; gas
stove and free telephone; private family.
GROVE 202, corner Van Ness aye.— Elegant un-
furnished 3-room suites, with gas range.
HAVES, 348—* rooms for housekeeping; fur-
nished or unfurnished. Call at 251 Ivy aye.
HOWARD, 1312— Sunny housekeeping rooms;
bath; gas; very reasonable.
JESSIE »39, bet. sth & 6th— 2 large sunny con-
necting rms.; complete hskpg.; sink, bath; $11.
KEARNY, 1705— 2 furnished rooms for house-
keeping; fine marine view and garden.
LARKIN 613^3 or 4 newly furnished sunny
rooms; kitchen; complete for housekeeping.
LEWIS, 18, off Taylor, near Post— rooms and
kitchen; unfurnished." ____"
MARKET, 1597 — 2 unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping. '
MARKET, 1724, : near Polk— Newly furnished
housekeeping rooms.
MCALLISTER, 635— Fine sunny flat of 7 rooms
and bath; rent reasonable.
MINNA. 364—2 or 3 neatly furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; also single; cheap.
MISSION, 811—2 rooms for housekeeping; nice
yard for children; $12.
MISSION, 839— Sunny kitchen and bedroom, $10;
large. rooms. $2; single, $1.
MISSION, 1125*.— Large front room, nicely fur-
nished; good cook stove; cheap. -
MISSION, 1217— Front alcove suite, complete for
housekeeping. -
MISSION, 2133—2 pleasant roms and regular
-kitchen connecting, furnished complete;
bath; $15. -
MISSION, 2223— large well furnished rooms,
with use of kitchen and bath. ."■
NATOMA, 114—2 sunny housekeeping rooms,
. completely furnished,
NATOMA, 245— week, 75c, $1, $1 25, $1 50;
housekeeping rooms, $2 50. . '_
NATOMA, 739, near Ninth— or house-
keeping rooms*, sunny. . ■
NINTH, 21— Sunny suite for light housekeep-
ing; stove and running water; also others.
OCTAVIA. 411, near Hayes— Just vacant; 2 neat
sunny single rooms; light housekeeping if de-
. sired. - -
O'FARRELL, 406*.— 2 well furnished rooms,
complete for housekeeping; rent $15.
O'FARRELL, 682— Floor of 3 or 4 furnished
rooms; light housekeeping; private family.*
O'FARRELL, 1023— Alcove suite finely furnish-
ed, with kitchen,' gas stove, running water. ,
PERRY, 166—2 nicely furnished rooms for
—housekeeping. "' - ' : -. ; " . -• ' ■
POWELL, 1401— Sunny furnished . housekeep-
ing and single rooms; respectable and reason-
able.
SEVENTEENTH. 3456, near Valencia— 3 fur-
nished rooms; parlor floor; ; housekeeping;
yard/cellar, gas, bath.
SIXTH, . 216*4— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms; light housekeeping & sing.; rent rea-s.
SIXTH, "420— Housekeeping _ rooms; sunny;
stationary ' washstand, , modern conveniences.
SIXTH, 136— Front parlor: also large front rm. ;
light housekeeping rooms, $1. week.
SOUTH PARK, ' 184—1, 2 or 3^ sunny front
rooms nicely furnished for housekeeping. -
STOCKTON, 1307— Nice furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent cheap. .
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
TEHAMA, 478. near Sixth— sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms, $15. •
TWELFTH, 145, cor- of Howard— Sunny fur-
nished rooms complete for housekeeping.
TWENTIETH, 4231, 150 feet from Castro— 3
large furnished housekeeping rooms and
- bath; hot and cold water; a new house; pri-
vate family; fine view; very desirable lo-
cality; no children wanted. ■- -
TWENTIETH, 362, near Valencia— 2 or 3
sunny furnished conecting rooms; bath, sink.
VAN NESS aye., 518—2 front sunny rooms for
light housekeeping; gas range and gas; price
reasonable. '__
VAN NESS, aye., 1021—2 sunny rooms; gas,
range, bath; furnished: low rent. J7>C-"
$13—3 ROOMS, complete for housekeeping; nice
home; lovely flower garden: would take
charge of invalid. Address M. M. NURSE.
Station C, postoffice, city. . . . ■ .
CLAY", 1723, near Van Ness aye.— rooms for
housekeeping, partly furnished or unfurnished.
• DOLORES, 382, near 16th— Housekeeping rooms,
■ furnished for 2 people; nice cook stove; $5.
DOLORES, 1100— Pleasant sunny unfurnished
rooms; convenient; low rent; large grounds.
: EDDY", .305— Large front furnished housekeep-
ing room; private family; rent reasonable.
ELLIS, 709—2 or 3 finely furnished rooms, com-
plete for hskpg; all conveniences; adults.
ERIE, 47. bet. 13th and 14th— 3 clean sunny con-
venient rooms; garden; rent $13.
FIFTH, 322—2 sunny front connecting house-
kpg. rooms; stove, closet, bath; private; $10.
FIFTH, 353— Clean furnished housekeeping, 3
connecting rooms, $13; also single, $4 up.
FELL, 480—3 unfurnished housekeeping rooms;
very convenient; adults. _^^
FOLSOM, 870, m>. Complete sunny house-
keeping rooms; double or single; rent cheap.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 402—3 sunny rooms, fur-
nished or unfur.; range, gas, water; cheap.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. Finely fhrnlshed
floor; every convenience; sun, bath, yard.
GROVE, 104, cor. Polk— Several neatly furnshd
hkpg rooms; renovated; incandescent . lights.
HAWTHORNE, 172, near Harrison— Desirable
sunny housekeeping rooms for 2; reasonable.
HOWARD, 649, near Third— Large front house-
keeping room. '*■:■.-•-•. - : .
HOWARD, 829— Suites, housekeeping, sunny;
rent $10, $12 month; also other rooms.
HOWARD, 106S— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
complete; all conveniences; $1 23 per week up.
HOWARD, 1144— Furnished or unfur. sunny
rooms, kitchen, gas, bath, hot and cold water.
HOWARD. 1214—2 or 3 large sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; rent very reasonable.
KEARNY', 351. near Pine— Furnished rooms
suitable for housekeeping. -
LARKIN, 326— 2 or 3 sunny housekeeping apart-
ments, furnished complete; gas range: bath.
MARKET, 1028, opp. Fifth— Large sunny front
room and kitchen; folding bed; closet; $12.
MARKET, 1520. i — Double parlors; piano; no
children; $13. _
MARKET, 1724—2 large complete housekeeping
rooms to neat couple; private family.
McALLISTER. 519— Newly furnished sunny
rooms; laundry; yard; also single.
McALLISTER, 1050—1 or 2 sunny rooms and
kitchen; running water; large closet; gas; $10.
MINNA, 2S— Two Bunny furnished front house-
keeping rooms; very cheap. -
MINNA, 111',., near Second— Furnished house-
keeping bay-window suite, with piano, $2 wk.
MINNA, 639— Large front sunny room, fur-
nished for light housekeeping; 1 or 2 people.
MINNA. 546, near Sixth— Furnished rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; large yard.
MINNA, 595— Large sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms; rent very cheap.
MINNA. 650— large sunny room, complete for
housekeeping; rent reasonable.
MISSION, 1729"4. near 13th— 2 sunny furnished
connecting housekeeping rooms; bath; laun-
dry; stove; $8. . •_
MISSION, 2251— Furnished housekeeping -__»;
also single; hot and cold water.
N 'MA. 606. nr. Seventh— 2 rooms, with sink,
newly furnished for housekeeping; rent $3.
NINTH, 20, near Market— 2 sunny connecting
rms. for hskp, $10; single, $6; stove; water.
NINTH. 21— Sunny suite of rooms, furnished for
light housekeeping; running water; stove."
OAK, 711—3 or 4 sunny housekeeping rooms,
furnished; rent reasonable.
OAK, 117 — sunny furnished complete house-
keeping rooms, $12; <ilso 1 room $S and 1 $5.
OCTAVIA, 309— Nice sunny furnished floor of 3
rooms and kitchen; bath; gas; yard; reasonbl.
ONE large sunny room, complete for house-
keeping, $1 25 per week, $4 60 per month. Ap-
- ply at shoe store. 562 Mission St., between
First and Second sts. ' ■-. '--,' .':_.._
PERRY. 174—2 nice sunny housekeeping rooms;
sink; hot and cold water; bath.
POWELL, 143—3 furnished housekeeping rooms;
hot and cold water bath attached.
POWELL, 1401 — Large sunny bay-window
room, with or without kitchen; single.
RONDELL place. 21, off Sixteenth, near Va-
lencia—Furnished, unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; hot and cold water.
SCOTT. 113—2 large front sunny rooms for
housekeeping; private.
SEVENTH, 3— Nice sunny homelike house-
keeping rooms.
SHIPLEY". 35- Furnished rooms for light house-
keeping; also single; 75c to $1 25 per week. '
SHOTWELL. 121— Very large sunny furnished
room, 2 large closets and bath, light house-
keeping. $5; sunny furnished front room,
large closet, bath, rent $3 50.
SHOTWELL, 708 — 1 large sunny furnished
housekeeping room:. stable if desired.
t SIXTH, 393, corner Harrison— Sunny housekeep-
ing renins; rent reasonable.
i._ . . ,
SIXTH, 420— Furnished housekeeping rooms;
also parlor suite; bath; quiet house.
SOUTH PARK. 184—3 furnished rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping, $11. ■_"_r.v"" ;
STEVENSON, 642. between Seventh and Eighth
—2 furnished sunny front rooms: light house-
keeping if desired; bath;, central.
STOCKTON, Nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent cheap.
SUTTER, 309 Pleasant sunny rooms for house-
keeping: also for lodging. '*-"'•,
TAYLOR, — Sunny housekeeping rooms; also
back parlor. j
TEHAMA, 478, near Sixth— sunny fur-
nished housekeeping rooms; $15.
TENTH, 136, near Mission— Front sunny house-
keeping rooms; also single.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 3367. • near Mission— 2 large
front furnished connecting housekeeping
rooms; running water; $10. /
VALENCIA, 295, cor. 14th— Sunny connecting
furnished or unfur. rooms; running water.
VAN NESS, 400—3 well furnished sunny rooms,
corner, . regular kitchen, front and back par-
lor; reasonable. .
VAN NESS aye., 51S — Nice siinny furnished
rooms for housekeeping.
VAN NESS aye., 1021— Sunny front suite, 3 or
more rooms; kitchen; gas range.
ZOE, 31," near Third and Bryant — Furnished
housekeeping rooms; cheap.
ROOMS TO — l-'iii-n. and liifurn.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms en suite or single; flrst-cl_-s
• ln every respect; terms reasonable. -
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath ; rooms. 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
A— SUTTER, 713-717; sunny: reasonable; ap-
preciated if seen; please investigate.
AT Standard House, 179 4th— Sunny front rms.,
$2 50; rear rooms, $2 wk. ; single rms., $125.
AT New Grand, 246 3d— 200 lst-class sunny rms..
15c to $1 day: SOc to $4 wk; also housekeeping.
AT 52 Second— Nice sunny single; double; light
housekeeping; $1 to $3 .per. week. -
AT 39 Turk. cor. Taylor— Nicely furnished sunny
front rooms; also hpkg. rms.; reas.: transient.
BRANNAN, 324, between Second and Third—
• Nicely furnished rooms, with bath.
BRODERICK, Rooms to let.
BRYANT, 451*4— Nice sunny front room. . „.i_
BUSH,' 863— Modern quiet sunny room in pri-
.vate family; gentleman: reference.
BUSH, 1124— Elegant suite, $25; single room,
$10; bath; running water; home comforts.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner; well furn. rms. & offices.
CASTRO, 530— Nicely furnished room.
CHELSEA place, 4, off Bush, bet. Stockton and
Powell— furnished sunny room; pri-
vate family. *.*. • ■
EDDY, 301, cor. i Jones— Sunny . corner bay-win-
| dow room reasonable. . - , . •. ..« _■•
EDDY, 926— Two sunny j. furnished rooms for
. gentlemen or light housekeeping; also a sin-
gle room: -private family. :
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and tnfnrn.
EIGHTH, 227. near Howard— Small furnished
front room. - :
ELLIS, 32S— Handsome, large, well-furnished
alcove; private family. *
ELLIS, Nice sunny hailroom; also large
room; rent reasonable. : -i* -
ELLIS, 800— Bright, sunny corner suite of
rooms; pleasant place for dentist or doctor
office. . .. . ■ '
ELEVENTH. Large bay-window room,
suitable for 2 gents; also others.
FILLMORE, 61S. near Hayes— Nicely furnished
rooms; single and for housekpg.: cheap rent.
FOLSOM, 820, near Fourth— Furnished rooms;
$1 per week. • '
FOLSOM, 654, nr. Neatly furnished sunny
' hall bedroom: hot, cold water: bath; $5 mo.
FOLSOM, Furnished rooms: single, $1 25
per week; housekeeping, $2 up.
FILBERT, 723— Large elegantly furnished front
room; gas; bath; reasonable.
FOLSOM, 1139. —Nice sunny furnished room;
$6. * ' '
FOLSOM, 1154— Nice sunny furnished room.
FOURTH, 12SH. nr. Mission— New management;
newly frnshd and renovated: choice front rms.
FRANKLIN, 2t, "The Newport"— Nice sunny
furn. single and double rms.: alsp housekpg.
FULTON, 231—2 sunny neatly furnished rooms;
bath; hot and cold water. -
FURNISHED rooms to let. Apply 429 Sixth st.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Comfortable furn.
rooms; travelers accommodated. MRS. HY'ER.
GLEN PARK aye., Furnished room.
GOLDEN STATE, 106 Eddy— for stu-
dents; sunny rooms by day, week or month.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. corner Seventh and
Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or single;
ladles' parlors; reading room: elevator.
HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— Select family
. rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HARRISON, 661. bet. 2d and 3d— Large sunny
room; fire grate: suitable for 1 or 2 gents.
HAWTHORNE. 14", bet. 2d & 3d. nr. Folsom—
Small neatly furnished hall bedroom, $5 mo.
HAWTHORNE, 172, bet. 2d & 3d. nr. Harrison—
1 large sunny rm. for gents; private; $8 mo.
HICKORY aye.. 11, 2 doors from Van Ness. nr.
Market— fine sunny rm. for gent; no children.
HOTEL Grosvenor. 319 Sutter, nr. Stockton-
Sunny suites, single rms.; eiev.; free baths.
HOWARD, 959— nice front room, $6; also
large back room for two, $6.
HOWARD, 714— Large sunny front parlor; base-
ment housekeeping and single rooms.
HOWARD, 829— Furnished rooms from $1 week
up; also housekeeping and transient. ?-* V-
HOWARD, 1511 A— Furnished rooms for man
■ and wife or single gentleman; private family.
HYDE, 20i— Sunny front room; suitable for 2
gentlemen. *-'■-'.-
IVANHOE. 1002 Polk, cor. Geary— New manage-
ment; fur. hkpg suites (3 to 5 r.). $15 up; ref.
JESSIE, 480, nr. Sixth— 3 sunny rooms, unfur-
nished; please call.
JESSIE, 501, corner Sixth— Furnished rooms to
let.
LARKIN, 247, cor. McAllister— Choice front
sunny rms.; gas; run. wat.: $175 to $2 50 wk.
LARKIN, 1014— Small sunny room; suitable for
gentleman: private family; $6."
MADISON aye.. 15*_— Sunny front room to let.
MARKET. 783-— Neat newly furnished rooms;
central location; $1 to $2 50 per week. ;
MARKET, 1055— Neat'sunny rooms; $1 per week
and up.
McALLISTER. 519— Newly fur. front rm., hot
run. water, $S; alcove sunny single room, $6.-
McALLISTER. Furnished rooms to rent,
with or without board: reasonable.
MINNA. 667. cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient.
MINNA, Sunny housekeeping rooms, suit-
able for 4 persons, $1 30 per week.
MINNA, 140 — Nicely furnished rooms to let
from $1 a week up. .
MINNA, 172. near Third— Rooms to let by day,
week and month. ..;"•--
MINNA, 433— Two single sunny rooms, fur-
nished, $5. -• ;. • ;•:
MINNA. 571B — Nice sunny rooms; rent $5 to $8
per month.
i MISSION, 846. near Fourth— management:
new furniture; sunny suites and single; reas. |
MISSION, 1220— Large sunny room for 2; run- ;
ning water; grate; $10; single for $5. l-yi-'-'f.
MISSION, Single room, . first floor, $1
week. .:••;? ..'_.', :*'
MISSION. 1731, bet. 13th and Erie— Large sunny
room; $6. /
_____ _ — — _
NATOMA, 715. bet. Sth and 9th— Sunny front
room: rent $5. "':.:"
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and j
offices; elevator; electric lights; day. wk., mo. !
OLIVE aye., Nicely furnished room to let
in small family.
POWELL, Centra! and prettily furn. rms.;
cheap; June. Market st. cars; near theater.
POWELL, 15. next to Columbia Thea.— Prettily
furn. rms.; single and en suite; new mangt.
OAK, 125 — Small furnished room; sunny; cheap.
OAK, 336— Furnished rooms to let.
O'FARRELL. 208, near Powell— Front neatly
furn. rm. suitable for 2; also others, $1 75. up.
PINE, 1300— For l or 2 young ladies, nice sunny
front room, with piano; board optional.
POLK, IS27— Sunny front rooms; modern con-
veniences; hot water; low rent.
POST. 617*4— Sunny room, furnished; rent $8.
POST, 617"-— sunny unfurnished rooms; rent
$10. ■ . . ■- :
•POWELL, 317. formerly Cosmos Club— Ele-
gantly furnished single rooms; sunny.
RAILROAD. aye., 912— Furnished rooms to let.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis st.— lncandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and
ladles' parlor; room? per night, 35c to $150;
week, $2 to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot, cold wat.; baths.
SEVENTH, 262. nr. Howard— 2 cheap sunny
rooms, double. $S; single. $5; private family.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.-,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SOUTH PARK, 190, apply 184—1 single front
room. $5 month: lady preferred.- ,*._-..
STEVENSON. 409, and 22 Mint aye.— Sunny
front fur, rms., others, from $1; quiet house.
TAYLOR, 407— Front parlor, with use of
piano. '. v. -:.. . -;-.
THE DELAWARE. 1151 Market— Unfurnished
rooms; suite, single; also furn.; reasonable.
THE Clyde, 36*4 Geary— Fine sunny front
rooms; transient; 50c up.
THE Oaks, 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
THE Oliver, 965 Folsom, cor. 6th— Sunny corner
rms.. suites and single; gas-.bath; new mangt.
THE Piedmont. 119 A -Sixth St.. cor. Minna-
Sunny bay-window, rooms.
THIRD. 25, nr. Market— rooms in San
Francisco; white lights; extra good beds; chp.
TURK, 411 A —Furnished front room to let.
VAN* NESS, 103— Small sunny front rooms;
closet, gas, bath; private family; gentleman
preferred.
VAN NESS aye., 944— Elegantly furnished
rooms, with or without board; telephone Lar-
kln . 1064. -
YALE. 112 Taylor— furnished and un-
furnished suites, $3 up; single, $150 up.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call, 16 pases, sent to any address ln the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
ROOMS > WANTED.
WANTED— Housekeeping rooms by competent
pianist: part payment in lessons. Box 4965
Call office.
WANTED— 2 or 3 sunny rooms for housekeep-
• Ing, in the warm belt in Mission; state price
Box 4963, Call office.
UNFURNISHED room; $3 or $4 month; near
Call building; man. Box 4559. Call office.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United - States or Canada one year for - $1,
postage paid. -
STORAGE.
CALA. Storage ' Warehouse, F. ■ SMITH, prop.,
j 722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25. \
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR, packing and storage of
furn. & 11. H. goods. 735 Mkt.. tel. Black 311.
" ' ' SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE secretary of the San Francisco Protestant
T Orphan Asylum Society herewith gives notice
that the following orphan and half orphan
girls and boys have been admitted to the
fsvlum from January 1 IS9O. to ,_^__?«
Anita Lindner. 3 yrs.; Alice * 80w1e5, ,3
7 mos.; Clarissa Cook, 7 yrs.: Annie A. Klan
9 yrs 11 mos.: Macarthe G. Klang, $ yrs..
Hazel Maguire, 7 yrs.; Emma L. Oeding, 6
"A 4 mo!; Myrtle Oeding, 2 yrs. 9 mos:
Emily Seymour. 11 yrs. 7 mos. ; Maggie Green.
14 via ' Stanley E. Williamson 9 yrs.; Wll-
llam Lindner. 4 yrs.: Victor Beck. • 3 yrs .
Clarence Hawkins, 7 yrs 11 mos. ; Harold M.
Roc 3 vrs.; James C. Cook. 4 yrs.; William
M. Hale: 12 yrs.: Bert S. Hale, 9 yrs. 7 mos.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, f 1 U P ;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tel a-.'.
SPIRITUALISM. *■'.
MRsT^rjT^WHITNEY, trance, test medium
life reader; also medical claiiwcyant; treats
private chronic or obscure diseases, send
stamp for ° Sr. otacw^etf_r_Ma--^'
Post and Geary; sittings, $1; diagnosis free.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec
ond sight; diagnoses disease; full life read
ing; ladles. 50c; gents, $1; sit.. $1 50. 1-6 Turn.
ARRIVED-The king of all mediums. Prof.
Haley; tells your life from cradle to_gia\<s,
SOc, $1 up. 106 Taylor St.. parlors 3-a.
ARRIVED-Prof. Haley, medium; tells your
life from cradle to grave; 50c, $1 up. lira 'a>-
lor St.. parlors 3-5. ■ ; ■
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues. ; Fri.. 2 p. m. :
Mon.. 8: 25c: sittings. $1. 233 \ alencia st.
TO LEASE. _____^.
COUNTRY home to lease— the hills, San
Mateo County, 5 miles west of Stanford I ni-
versitv; house of 14 rooms; hot and col-
water," etc.; 25 acres, with 1200 fruit trees; nice
grounds; barns, stables; delightful roads,
trails and woods; fine climate and water,
daily stage, postoffie<\ schoolhouse, etc. J.
H. GILMORE. 321 Montgomery st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
ELEGANT lot 50x100, with good barn, already
rented, on Santa Clara aye., near Sherman
st., $40 per foot. Owner, box 405, Call office,
j Oakland. _______
$700— FINE lot on bay shore. ' _ . . '■>..--
-s22oo —Modern cottage, 5 rooms and bath; lot
62x150; near High School and depot; terms, $100
cash, $20 per month. , _ ,__ ,__._,«
$3200— cottage, 6 rooms and bath; lot 42x
207; open plumbing, plate glass, etc.; half block
from station and High School; easy terms.
Homes built to suit purchasers on easy terms.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda. .;■--.
H. P. MOREAL & CO., 1432 Park st.
IMPORTANT NOTICE TO HOMESEEKERS!
These five houses on our list must be sold at
a sacrifice to close contracts:
No. 1— 51450 for a $2230 home; 5 rcoms, bath.
No. 2— 51650 for a $2500 home; 5 rooms, bath.
No. 3— 52330 for a $3500 home; 6 rooms, bath.
No 4— 53000 for a $4700 home: 8 rooms, bath.
No! 5— $4500 for a $7000 home: 8 rooms, bath.
The above homes are located on the main
avenues of the city and contain modern Im-
provements.
MARCUSE & REMMEL.
620 Market St.. S. F.. Bay-st. Station. Ala.
OPEN SUNDAYS AND HOLIDAYS.
WE offer the following special bargains:
$1350— House. 9 rooms and bath; lot 50x170; all
street work done; near station.
| . $650— 30x40; Pacific aye.
$1600— 6-room cottage, modern; lot 50**_
150: stable, etc.
I $1700— 50x150.
Santa Clara ave.— 3oo' feet water front lots;
I finest location in Alameda; great reduction In
! prices. E. D. JUDD & CO.. 1424 Park st.
j SNAP— New House. 8 rooms and bath: lot 50%
150; good location: 5 minutes' walk from sta-
tlon. Apply to W. F. SCHULTE. 1612 Chapln.
ALAMEDA ROOMS.
i SUNNY" front room and board for a gentleman:
private family; no children; no other board-
; ers: references exchanged. Box 4639. ("ill.
ALAMEDA ROUMS AND HOARD.
'■ HOME fcr ladles ln delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth.
\ BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
— —
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
I $1000— 5-ROOM cottage; short distance from San
■ Pablo avenue;' sso down, balance to suit you.
5-room cottage. West Berkeley. We
| ■have advanced this price $100 since last week;
; both have patent closets, bath, water, etc.
$37 00— Can you pay this much per month in
( place of rent, for a brand new 7-room house;
! rooms extra large: large reception hall. bath,
pantry, laundry, unobstructed view; close to
university; best water around, the bay; street
j graded; house ready to move into. If you can
i satisfy us by Wednesday of your ability to
; make the above payments, we will sell you
either house at 1423 and 1425 Spruce street.
j North Berkeley. You must speak quick or you
will be left on some of these bargains. All of
! these open for inspection to-day. See us after
i 12 Monday, room 2, 222 Sansome street, S. F.
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY.
PERFECT home: brand new: away below cost
to duplicate and on easy terms; see this lat-
est style: choice 5 room cottage; plumbing
and other appointments perfect ; street work
done; fine location; only $1750. H. D. IRWIN.
Lorin Station. -••:-'."
WANTED — Tenant to lease new 9- room house,
adjacent to university; porcelain bath: large
lot: plate-glass windows, etc. Inquire M. L.
WURTZ, Seventeenth and Broadway.
IN Berkeley — Corner lot: 57x150, with modern
house of 9 rooms. '
_■_■— —■■__M_______— ___M__-__-__--__-__________________________ a
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
FOUR rooms; 50-foot lot, fine for chickens;
$25 down, balance 18 50 per month; has a
well and pump and Is a new house.
$900— Four rooms: 7-foot baf.ement, well,
pump, fenced; $50 down, balance to suit you;
closer to station than the above; $15,000 in im-
provements will be placed within a block of
this property before the year Is out; street
graded; cement sidewalks. ■
If these do not suit you," we have others.
Office, Fruitvale, half a block above the rail-
road track. Look for the big blue and white
sign. ' " •.„ -
San Francisco office — Room 2, ground floor, .
222 Sansome street.
-:  THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY.
FOR SALE BY J. W. ELROD.
$825 — 3 room house two blocks from Fruitvale
Station; easy terms.
$1250—5 room house: high basement; all mod-
ern and new; two blocks from Fruitvale Sta-
tion; easy terms." '."-■' *~
$IS5O— room house; all modern; large tot; all
furnished; cow and chickerts; a fine place * <r
chicken raising. . * - * . - .. v;-^
$800— Fine building lots on Fruitvale aye.;
50x140; these are choice building lots.
$375 an acre for fine vegetable land : four
blocks from electric cars. See J. W. Elrod.
HOME BUILDING CO..
Office, 1 block north of Fruitvale Station.
$175— VERY cheap lot. 75x100; only 3 blocks
from . electric cars: cost owner $450.
$550— House of 4 rooms and basement: stable,
fruit trees; fine garden, good well and pump;
lot 50x100; all fenced: terms if desired.
$1050— Cottage of 4 rooms and basement; good
well and pump: lot 50x150; $100 cash, balance
same as rent.
Modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath; 7-
foot basement; good- well, barn and chicken-
house: lot 50x146; see this for a bargain.
Half-acre lot with modern cottage of 6 rooms
and bath on one floor; high basement; fruit
trees in bearing: fine artesian well, etc.; lo-
cated In the best residence section of Fruitvale-
only 4 blocks from local station; see this at
once-
Fine bargain— 4 acres In choice fruit of differ-
ent varieties; new cottage of 5 rooms and bath*
hall. la»ge pantry; 7-foot basement, good brick
foundation, large barn, chicken-houses, good
well, windmill and tank: located close to elec-
tric cars. For particulars apply to H A
PLEITNER. Fruitvale Station. Cal. ' '
OAKLAND ADJERTISEMEN^
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
HUGH m7*CAMERON "77. . .- '-.-,-
REAL ESTATE BROKER
1058 BROADWAY. OAKLAND
$100 DOWN: new colonial six-roomed cottaa-e-
-nice location; lot 35x125 feet; high ground-
near the cars; $2000 in all; payments to suit-
will discount for a cash sale. > ;
$1250— An acre right on Claremont avenue* ha*
fences, trees, shrubbery, barn and water nines-
house was burnt down. A lovely bulldine «it«
right on a main street. . ""uing . sue
$1750— A cozy new colonial cottage of 5 lar_-«
rooms: porcelain bathtub; enamel sink etc •
complete in every respect: electric cars rlo-h*'
in front and within walking distance -of the
train: lot ;>2x147 feet, with nice lawn- no nic»,
little home in Oakland. * - ° nicer
Cottage of 5 rooms and bath- ric-ht „-
the sunny side of Grove s.reet, not " ar m ,,°
owner must sell; a chance for a big bargain.
$4100— Good substantial house of 12 rooms ' _,
ranged for one or two families, with lot 7 _^*<
feet on elevated ground in East Oakland ■ «,_
very healthiest location; convenient to on™ ««.?
local train; this is a big bargain ? carB and
HUGH M. CAMERON *** r ***- ,n -
REAL . ESTATE BROKER ' •
1058 Broadway, Oakland.OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.!
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. j
WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
REAL ESTATE. v -. |
903 BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
Mills bldg., room 16. second floor, San Fran- .
CiBCO. !
$1300— All new and modern cottage; 4 rooms j
and bath; high basement.
$1500— NE. corner lot. 116x100: street work
done; only one block from electric cars.
$500— Fine 50-foot lot on Thirty-third st., near
Pan Pablo aye.; street work done.
5 West st ; lot «>x6o. street work all :
done; big bargain. I
$1350-Tenth aye.: lot 75x100; between Fif- j
" teenth and Sixteenth sts.; opposite Franklin
school; very cheap. j
$375-50 beautiful lots: some one will get a
fine new house tor this price; send for cata-
logue. "WILLIAM 3. DINGEE.
REAL ESTATE.
903 BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
Mills bldg., room 16, second Hoar, San Fran-
• cisco^ " ■' ' I
APPLY TO
_. _. BUNCE, 908 Broadway, Oakland.
56900—34 acres. Santa Clara Co.; clear; ex- j
change for city property.
$5509— 10-room modern bouse; Linda Vista Ter-
race; will exchange for smaller no-use or room- j
ing house ln Oakland.
$Sc,o<*— Large furniture store for sale or ex-
change for Oakland property.
5-room cottage; lot 100x1*0 feet; mortgage
sale: want offer. ,__
Want offers for small homes, from $000 and
up: terms to suit.
Cigar stores and hotels for sale. All kinds
of business sold at auction or private sale.
Other good propositions^
HOW IS THIS?
HOUSE ::.v24; 4-r. house. soxlol; barn, 12x20 5650.
$400— House and lot all fenced.
1 Branch bakery.
I Butcher shop nd cart: eales $35 dally; snap.
Lodging houses, Oakland, sale or exchange.
Try the California Land Exchange, 958 Broad- I
wav, Oakland, Cal., for bargains.
50,000 acres California land, sale and exchange.
Houses built on installment plan. CALIFOR-
NIA LAND EXCHANGE, 958 Broadway,
SMALL grocery and branch bakery with 4-
room house in rear, all modern; a good stock,
all new; a most desirable location; cash sales
daily $9; who will pick up this big bargain;
■ rent" $12. CALIFORNIA LAND EXCHANGE,
958 Broadway, Oakland, Cal. _______
INCOME business property, Alameda, bring-
ing $170 per month: 5 stores: to trade for va- ,
cant, well-located property. Oakland or Berk-
eley. C. K. KING, 902 Broadway. Oakland.
in" ACRES, Napa County, trade for Oakland j
residence
II Acres. 1 mile from Santa Cruz, trade for j
Oakland house. , _ , __-, _
For sale- -6 1-3 acres. Walnut Creek. Contra,!
C Call C o O r U ad.-reyi ■*. K. KING. 902 Broadway.,
Oakland. Cal. -— - I
>F<~>R sale or exchange— wards: modern 9- |
room house. 44 acres full bearing fruit; fin- I
est location li town. Oakland— Modern S-
roora house, just finished, on north side of
\lbion st.. bet. Grove and Telegraph aye.;
installments or take lot as part payment.
WM MANN", Third and Washington sts.. 1
_C_ kland.
ONLY $100 down, balance little more than
rent, will buy a fine, new, modern house, Just
completed; large lot; 7 rooms, bathroom, pan- ,
try. etc. ; if you want a home make a start
now; if this don't suit you we will build you
one to suit and sell it on easy terms. JAMES
S. NAISMITH, 452 Ninth St., Oakland.
BEAUTIFUL ELMHURST— OakIand suburbs, j
near S. P., 40 minutes from S. P., 15 minutes
from Oakland; home lots in sizes '. ■--: ' 50x
125 feet, with a new modern cottage, for $650
(a beautiful summer home) ; $50 down, balance I
to suit purchaser. Further particulars ad-
dress JACOB EYMAN & SON, 19 Mont- j
i gomery st-, city. j
I 000 FOR a pretty cottage house of 8 rooms: !
lot 105x_25; near Fruitvale Station; easy .
payments. Apply to J. S. JOHNSON, 972
Broadway, Oakland.
300— Large modern house, 9 rooms; lot 67x120; ,
well located; will take lots or small bay 1
county ranch as- pari payment. J. S. JOHN-
.-O.N, &7S Broadway, Oakland.
000— TEN" acres at Haywards; all In fruit; !
clear; will exchange for clear property in
Oakland or San Francisco. J. S. JOHNSON, i
972 Broadway, . -.: md. -'• _"'.:.-.. :
__^J t *r*** r -i chicren ranch (all complete), at Fruit- j
vale; also - acres, at $1350. ALDEN CO., 902
_-hroad way. Oakland.
$l6i>Y2-STORY house. ? rooms; well located; I
land I WOO. ALIEN CO.. 902 Broadway, Oak-
and 3-robm house and lot 50x100, |
an ror *~ Z0: a bargain: Oakland. ALDEN 1
g ■""•*. ■-- Broadway. Oakland.
'fl_Prf^ ** ,!^^i.^-•l- ; -. ,f, . | modern house. 8 rooms and
bath; climate unsurpassed; delightful loca- j
tion. 1307 East Fourteenth St., East Oakland.
2- STORY 13-room house, with bar-room. Golden
Gate station; $".C'"o, very easy terms. P.
KELLY. 4*l Ninth St., Oakland.
$700 HARD finished cottage, 5 rooms; barn;
easy payments. 108 Fourth St., Oakland.
LOTS $50 upward; the loveliest spot on earth;
$2 50 cash. $1 50 monthly; can let you have
one or more pieces 50x256 for $190; $10 cash
and $6 monthly; tropical Fruitvale. adjoining
East Oakland; If you- wish elevation, rolling
or level valley land, you can be suited here: |
no cold winds nor fop here: superb soil; grand j
view; about one mile nearer the local trains
than Walter Morocco of the. Grand Opera
House, San Francisco, and lying in the level j
ralley; not tar from a fine school and near !
a 90-foot boulevard and electric cars. Call j
or send for circulars. 455 Seventh St., Broad- !
way station. Oakland; carriage free. H. Ti. |
JONES, Owner.
FRUIT
660 acres of fine farming and grazing land, <
; miles from the City Hall of Oakland, ly- j
ing between Oakland and San Leandro, near I
San Leandro Electric Road. Land all roll- j
ing. Commands fine view, suitable for sub- i
urban homes In subdivisions.
For further particulars inquire of
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
460-462 Eighth street. d
Oakland.
NEW 5-room cottage, hie-'n basement, all mod- !
crn improvements and 4 vacant lots with j
bearing fruit trees, grounds ??.<\ walks: $-00 \
cown, balance same as rent. Field Realty
Co.. 1139 E 14th st.. nr. 23d aye.. E. Oakland.
l-ROOM cottage, high basement; stable;
{nice large lot, etc.; must sell; owner called
away. Apply FIELD REALTY CO., 1139 East
Fourteenth st., Oakland.
MONEY to loan on houses: will sell two nice
little cottages: Installments; for ami. loaned 1
on them J. D. BENNETT, !"'2 Broadway.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 page?, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Pchelihaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th ami Frankiin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
1 DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 69 (25c per i
share) of the Hutchinson Sugar Plantatioa
Company will be payable at the office 0 _ the ,
company. 327 Market St., on anl after '
THURSDAY. July 20. 1599. Transfer books
will close on FRIDAY. July 14, 1899, at 3
o'clock p. "■" E. 11. SHELDON. Secretary.
_— — — — — — — w_— — _^ _■__ ____— — l I
MARBIAGE .LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follow?: \
P. XV. Lee and Mamie L. McMullen 21-23
Peter J. Kuhn and Clara A. Hamlll 34-"7 j
C. E. L lliidebreoht and Teresa E. Swift.. ,
David N*. Jones and Irene N. Abbe 31-31 j
S. Bert Gracier and Carrie A. Wedemeye-r.. 2-1-20
Har Hi D. Furey and Gertrude Hoenighaus. 23-28
Andrew Armstrong and Agnes Ohoro 2'"-2.'!
W. D. Ftedrrlcks and Violet L. Mitchell... 3B-20
John C. Downey and Katherlne 11. F0rd..31-2S
BIRTHS— MABRIA6ES— DEATHS. j
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by 1
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed '
ln at either of the publication offices an.; be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per- !
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
CAMPBELL— In this city. July 10. 1599, to the I
wife of Dugald Campbell," a daughter.
CASHMAN— In this city, July 13. 1899, to the 1
wife of D. Cashman, a son.
DETTNER— In this city, July 7, 1899, to the j
wife of O. W. Dettner, a ?on.
HELMQUIST this city, July 5, 1599, to the j
wife of Andrew li. Helmqulst, a son.
HIRSCH ci this city. July 8. 1*99, to the wife
. of Joseph Hirsch, a daughter.
KOENITZER— In this city. July it, 1899, to the
v.'if. of Otto Kocnitzer, a daughter.
LTNDENAC In this city. July 12. 1899, to the
wife of George i-:. Lindenau, a son.
MURRAY- In this city, July 14. 1899, to the
wife of J. __». Murray, a daughter.
SCHNEIDER— In this city. July 8, 1899, to the
wife of E. Schneider, a daughter.
SHEERIN— In this city, July 14, 1899. to the
wife of John J. Sheerin. a sot..
TEMPLE— In this city, July 8. 1899, to the wife
of James H. Temple, a daughter. .
MARRIED.
CALLENDER SULLIVAN— In this city. June
2S, 1593, by the Rev. Dr. Charles. Edward
Locke. Monroe >.'. Callender and Anna. E.
Sullivan, both of S.-m Francisco.
CODDINOTON -BURRINOTON— In this city,
July 1. 1 &'.'.\ by he Rev. J. N. Beard, Arthur
D. Coddlpgton and Laura J. Hornung Bur-
rint---
DORE— VANHERSECKE— In this city, July 15,
1599, by Thomas F. Dunn. Justice of the (
Peace, Albert F. Dore and Rose Vanhersecke, 1
both of San Francisco.
PRICK-TACKLEY-In this city, June 24, 1899. i
by the Rev. Dr. Charles Edward Locke. Henry
<'• Frick and Irene Tackley. both of Oak-
land, Cal.
HE IS EL— HUSS— In this city. July 12, 1899, by
the Rev. O. Groensberu, Hans Helsel and
Petrlne A. Huss.
J ACORSEN-ANDERSEN-In this city. July 3.
IW9, by the Rev. O. Groensberg, Jorgen I.
Jaeobsen and Hena A. Andersen.
LLOYD — HEWSON —At Trinity Episcopal
Church. July 9, 1599, by the Rev. H. S. Han-
son, Owen Lloyd 'and Lillian May Hewson,
both of San Francisco.
MANCHESTER— BURR— In Berkeley. July 12.
1899, by the Rev. XV. Ratcllffe. Walter Man-
chester of Bakersfield and Sade _. Burr of
Berkeley.
MUTTON— HATHAWAY— In this city. July 12.
1899, by the Rev. Dr. Charles Edward Locke.
Albert E. Mutton and Annie Hathaway, both
of San Francisco.
RICHMOND-HICKS— In this city, July 4. 1899,
by the Rev. Dr. Charles Edward Locke, T.
Alexander Richmond and Arabella M. Hicks,
both of San Francisco.
"died.
Beardsley. ____. H. McKeown. Caroline
_ Begley, James E. McMenamln, Annie
Davenport. Mollle H. Parker, Florence
Dlnkelsptel, Elsa Z. Peterson. Ferdinand
Feeney. Joseph Plate, Mary
Forsyth. Annie M. Tracey, Joseph.
Gallagher, Mary Reilly, Mrs. Mary
Gouilhardou, Marie Scott, Charles XV.
Hodges-Gross, Julia Scott. Ellse M.
Israelsky. Abe Stevens, William P.
Jacob, Adolph C. Taylor. James G.
Kablch, Max Temple, Helen M.
Kaiser. Otto Tracey. Josepht
Kenealy. Ellen Young, William H.
Liner, Michael Zanone, Andrew
BEARDSLEY— At Piedmont Heights, July 14,
1899, Mr. M. H. Beardsley, formerly of Salt
Lake City. Utah, one of the oldest hotel men
of the West and the oldest of Utah, died sud-
denly at the residence of his cousin, Mrs. S.
F. Morrill, Piedmont Heights. (Salt Lake
City papers please copy.)
BEGLEY"- In this city, July 15. 1899, James E.
Begley, beloved brother of John A. Begley, a
native of the Island of Jersey, aged 45 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1:80 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church tor services at
2 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary' Ceme-
tery.
DAVENPORT— this city. July 15. 1899, Mol-
lle H., beloved wife of XV. H. Davenport, and
mother of William T. and Charles S. Daven-
•■-. a native of Pennsylvania, aged 65 years
and 5 months.
DAVIS— In Wells, Nev., July 14, 1899, Fred-
erick Washington Davis, a. native of Canada,
aged 64 years and 11 months. * ,'^- -
___TThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 512 Fifteenth street, East Oakland.
Friends and acquaintances are respectfully
invited to attend. Under the auspices of
Brooklyn di_e No. 225. F. and A. M.
DINKELSPIEL— In this city, July 15. 1599.
Elsa 7... beloved daughter of Emile and Car-
rie Dinkelspiel. and sister of Sophie B. and
M Walter Dlnkelspiel. a native of Ran Fran-
cisco, aged 15 years and 2,1 days. (Bakers-
field. Cal., papers please copy.)
Notice of funeral hereafter. -V
FEENEY— In this city. July 15, 1893, Joseph,
beloved husband of Ellen Feeney, and father
of Frank. Joseph, James, Edward and the
late Mary Feeney. a native of Ireland.
(__"* Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of Carew _ English, 41 Van
Ness avenue.
FORSYTH— In this city, July 15. 1599. Annie
M.. beloved wife of Robert Forsyth, a native
of Port Byron, 111., aged 47 years 11 months j
and 27 days.
CTFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Monday), at 11 i
o'clock, from her late residence, 1304 Leaven- !
worth street. Interment privat j.
GALLAGHER — In this city, July 15. 1881,
Mary, beloved wife of John Gallagher, and
11. other of Peter Savelie. Mrs. P. McHugh
and Owen, John, Joseph. Nellie and Edward
Gallagher, a native of County Mayo. Ireland, ;
aged 62 years 11 months and 17 days.
E_3"*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi- ;
dence. 1332 Broadway, near Larkln, thence to I
St. rtrlgid's Church, Van Ness avenue and j
Broadway, where a requiem high mass will j
be celebrated for th- repose of her soul, com- i
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
GOUILHARDOU— In this city. July 14. 1899, J
Marie Louise, beloved daughter of Felix and
Isidorlne Gouilhardou, and sister of Ida
Goullhardou, a native of San Francisco, aged j
4 years 5 months an 1 7 days.
(cy Friends and acquaintances are respect- I
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of i
her parents, 13S1 Valiejo street, between Hyde
and I-arkin, th»nce to the French Church of
Notre Dame dcs Victolres.
HODGES-GROSS— In Fresno, July IS, 1599.
Julia E., wife of J. XV. Hodges, daughter of
Mrs. S. A Gross, and sister of Mrs. C. O.
Miller.
ISRAELSKY— In this city. July 13. l-W). Abe.
beloved son of Julius and Esther Israelsky, a ,
native of California, aged '-"' years. *
(CTFrirnds an d acquaintances are respect- |
fully invited to attend the funeral services !
this day (Sunday.) at 10 o'clock, at I. O.
B. B. Hall, 121 Eddy street, thence to Hills j
of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train !
from Third and Townsend streets.
JACOB— In this city. July 13. 1899, Adolph C, |
beloved son of Charles EC and Mary* Jacob, and I
brother of Charles 11. , Theodor E. and Lydia j
D. Jacob, a native of San Francisco, aged 25 I
years and 1 month. 1
U___"" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day j
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the First I
Methodist Episcopal Church, Powell street, i
between Washington and Jackson. Inter- j
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
KABICH— In this city, July 15. 1599. Max I
Kablch, a native of Germany, aged 22 years. I
A member of Am; Lilienthaler Verein.
(TT'Friendß and acquaintances are respect- j
fully invited to attend the funeral this day.,
Sunday.) at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of i
H. F Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near !
Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
KAISER— In this pity, July 14, 1599. Otto,
dearly beloved husband of Mary E. Kaiser, 1
a native of Westphalen, Germany, aged 47 |
years .1 months and 4 days. A member of I
Eureka Lodge No. 6, O. d. H. S.. and Hansa ■
Club.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect- I
fully invited to attend the funeral this day i
(Sunday), at 12 o"rlock, from his late resi- j
dence 2801 Greenwich street, corner of Bakes,
thence to V. O. R. M. Hall. old Bush street. 1
where funeral services will be held under the J
auspices of Eureka Lodge No. 6. O. d. H. ij.. ;
commencing at 1 o'clock. Interment Cypress ■
Lawn Cemetery.
KENEALY— In this city, July ". 1899, Ellen, 1
dearly beloved wife of Patrick Kenealy, and
mother Of Mrs. L. Wilson, John Kenealy. |
Mrs. M. Costello. Mrs J. Costello, Thomas \
Kenealy and Mrs. W. Mahoney, a native of i
Ireland, aged 72 years.
LINER— In this city. July IS, 1899, Michael, j
beloved husband of Mary Liner, and beloved '
father of Rose, Winifred, Mary. Margaret, :
Annie and the late John T. Liner, a native :
of Ireland.
Friends and acquaintances are respect- 1
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 8:15 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 4110 Twentieth street, thence to Mis-
sion Dolores Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.'
MEMBERS of Ironmolders' Union No. 164 are
hereby notified to attend the funeral of our ]
deceased brother. Michael Liner, from 4110
Twentieth street, near Castro, this day j
(Sunday), at fi 15 o'clock sharp. By order of
".TAMES XV. JAMIESON. President.
' JAMES V. McAULIFFE. Secretary.
McKEOWN — An anniversary requiem high i
mass Ail! be celebrated for the repose of the ;
soul of the late Caroline Mary McKeown. be- j
loved mother of Mrs. J. Lonney, Mrs. M. A.
Hurley and John and James McKeown. at St.
Rose's Church; Brannan street, Tuesday, July
18 commencing at i o'clock. Friends and
acquaintances are respectfully invited to at-
tend.
McMENAMIN— In Oakland, July 13. 1899, Anne,
beloved wife of the late Daniel McMenamln,
and ml of J. J. McLaughlin, a native of
Ireland.
(Tv'Ftier.ds are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Monday), at 8:30
o'clock, from her late residence. 1161 Frank-
lin street, thence to the Church of the Im-
maculate Conception, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
St. Mai Cemetery.
M U-ONET- In this city, at her residence, 1542
Howard street. Amelia R., beloved wife Of
Thomas B. Maloney, mother of Harry Har-
rington and Edwin Maloney, daughter of;
Henry and Martha Massoni, and sister of
Mrs. XV. _. Drown and Louis Massoni, a na-
tive of San Francisco.
PARKER— In this city, July 15, 1899, Florence,
beloved daughter of Mrs. Ella and the late
Alfred Parker, and sister of Royal it. Parker
and Mrs. T. C. 'Cabney, a native of Califor-
nia. -' : :V- ; -'
CC Interment at Stockton.
PETERSON— this city, July 13. 1599, Ferdi-
nand G., beloved husband of Julia M. Peter-
son, father of Florence and Ferdinand Peter-
son, and eldest son of Ellen M. and the late
Gustavis H. Peterson, a native of Healds-
burg, Cal.. aged 37 years 1 month and 12
days.
{C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
illy Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12:45 o'clock, from the parlor's
of Carew & English, 11 Van Ness avenue
thence to Sacred Heart Church, for services!
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
N. S."G. w. Stanford Parlor No. 76. N S G
7 .: Members are requested to attend the fu-
neral of Our. late brother, Ferdinand Peter-
son, from the undertaking parlors of Carew
_ English, 41 Van Ness avenue, this day
(Sunday), at 12:45 o'clock. By order of the
parlor. WILLIAM A. DEANE. Pres.
FRED H. JUNO, nee. Sec.
FLATE— In this city, July 1:,, 1599, Mary, be-
loved wife of Frank E. Plate, mother of '
iifc.NRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERa
20 Fifth at., opposite Lincoln &chooU
Telephone South SO. .:'.'--".: [
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY* 16, 1899.
Frank Plate, and sister of Maggie, Andrew
and Abe Wall of Virginia City. Nev., a na-
tive of San Francisco. aged 27 years. (Vir-
ginia City. Nev., papers please copy.)
"t-TNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of Theo. Dlerks, 957 Mission
street.
REDDY— In this city. July 14. 1899, Edward P.,
beloved son of E. A. R»ddy, a native of Utah,
aged 2", years 4 months and 4 days.
tt^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the Mission Ma-
sonic Temple, Twenty-third and Mission
streets, under the auspices of Mission Lodge
No. 159. F. and A. M. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
REILLY— In this city. Mrs. Mary Reilly, be-
loved mother of Henry Mackey and Mrs.
Overman. -. '.■■.
SCOTT— In this city. July 15, 1899, Charles XV..
youngest and beloved son of William XV. and
the late Elise M. Scott, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 3 days.
SCOTT— In this city. July 14. 1899, Elise M.,
dearly beloved wife of "William W. Scott, and
mother of William J.. Mary P. and Charles
XV. Scott, a native of France, aged 37 years
6 months and 20 days. •.•'-.-.'"■
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-'
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 231 Valley street, between- Church and
Sanchez, thence to St. Paul's Church, corner
Twenty-ninth and Church streets, for serv-
ices. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
STEVENS— In this city. July 15. 1899, William
P., beloved son of Catherine and the late
Joseph Stevens, and brother of James F.,
Joseph A.. John E., Mary A. and Helen Stev-
ens, a native of San Francisco, aged 23 years
6 months and 6 days.
CryNotlce of funeral hereafter. -.- .-.-..
TAYLOR— In Los Angeles, Cal., July 13, 1899,
James O. Taylor.
TEMPLE— In this city. July S. 1899. Helen
Marlon. Infant daughter of James H. and
Nettie May Temple. * •
TRACEY— In this city, July 15, 1899. Joseph.
son of the late Thomas and Catherine Tracey.
brother of the late Mrs. Sarah Byrnes and
Thomas, William F. and Charles J. Tracey,
husband of the late Mary Trncey. and father
of Hazel, Leslie. Grover and Myrtle Tracey,
a native of San Francisco, aged 36 years and
11 months.
YOUNG— In this city, July 15. 1599. "William H..
beloved son of Bridget and the late William
E. Young, and brother of John J.. Charles F.
and Cecelia A. Young and Mrs. A. M. Mac-
pherson, a native of La Porte, Cal., aged 41
years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
July IS, 1599, at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 135% Fair Oaks street, thence to St.
James Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
ZANONE^-In this city. July 14, 1899, Andrew,
beloved husband of Rose Zanone, and father
of Paul, Frank. Marina. Dominic. Andrew
and Angelo Zanone, a native of Italy, aged
61 years.
-_TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Garibaldi Hall.
423 Broadway. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. Remains at the undertaking par-
lors of G. laccherl. 629 Broadway.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
I Cameron _ son. Colo R A Cregan, N York
P O Cameron, Colo M C Cannon. N York
a Howe, Chicago M Spencer. Salt Lake
J H Luis, St Paul E Bell./ Salt Lake
Miss M Umberger. NOW Bell, Salt Lake
C B King. N C Miss N M Lake. Colo
E R Bell. Louisville Miss M P Anthony,
11 C DUly. Louisville i Colo
W E Hardison, Fhila GAY Goodman, R I
A Sins. New York J S Taylor. New York
Dr Debrey, Denver Miss M T Hurley, Mass
Miss L Harper. D C Miss X M E Hurley.
Miss M Franklin, O ! Mass
B Isenburg, Newark jj 1.1 vis <- w. Hollister
~ c Curtis, Del _ r Smith. Los Ang
Miss Demorest, N J ij h Rogers, Los _.B_
G P Grimsley, Kins _ J Wilson & w, L A
W A Campbell. N "i r a Brownlee - w.Cal
Miss I, E Campbell, NY A _ i^an & w, (_>l
Miss T Kemp. NY j M Morley, Haywards
Miss Mast, N 1 j _ Parsons. '"j.l
Miss Bbartl, N V F fle Caro, Denver
Mrs M .1 Mel-hall. _N_ T Holmes, Boston
Miss M Love, NT A Q Pa&e> Palo Alt(>
„ I9S _ .^'""i *_ Vv M ' Travis &* Oakld
Miss R W-jei-koff, N _i A L Falre hiid. Cal
5Jr* 8 S *\-, I ' "ir i v- N V R*l Roberts. Cal
S§l __._?■ Ny -v Nellie M Chafe. Cal
W M Bradley. NY lda A Xoack> C al
Mies a Peck, N „. Y v- v Mrs Tully & s Ma
C A Tucker A & NT w g Thaxter & w.
J W Kennedy & w.NI . .
J W Kennedy A- R.._I.T Word worth. Cal
SrVnix^N J s?£*£^ Woodward.
_t,WS^K^ ki _^ s'Wood^-rd.5 'Wood^-rd.
M Edwards. Portland * o CvSrtli Charlestn
XV M Mead & w. Cal '£. 1! DN"". £P*£}2j?
W^ke! 1 rr';^i Ang '£ C During P'"'?
W Pike. Fresno f £ Deering & w Mo
W M Snyder. Or ]'- * T » arson Garfield
J J Crawford & W, \XV L Oppenheimer &
Dawson . *• £ aglf> „ *}"
C M Cobert) & w. Colo Miss Oppenheimer,
Mrs M Spencer. Ohio Kagle J^ asa _^_
D J Vogelman & w.Cal Miss Johnson Fresno
Mrs 8 A Collom, Cal A C Evart. Fresno
Mrs I" A Hoi:,:. p. Cal C M Bartley. N _ork
Miss Hi lapp Cal E J Case, Peoria
R Wiblock, Pittsburg C Bush, Menlo Park
Miss A Simpson. Pa Dr H L Nl.holl. Sacto
Mrs S .1 Ma-grave, Pa W P Thomas. Trkiah
C I>surv & w Chicago C F Bates. USA
R Q Loury. Chicago J C Fulton, Perm
P F Sherman. St I,ouls T Anderson, Ariz
Mrs (' B Joiner, 111 Dr E Hennessy. Napa .
Miss Q A Joiner, 111 E Moor». Sacramento
Dr A XV Rodgen, Wis II Van Voorhies. Cal
Miss X A Irwin. NY -LA Laporte, Stockton
Miss J L Elche, N V |H Jullen & s, Nev
Miss S M Reins, N V -H W Smith, Chicago
A V Parle. New York
PALACE HOTEL.
D J Bonsfield. Nev C Blanth. Sacto
Mdc Yrels. Stockton J Thompson, Sacto
.7 H Kinkead. Nev E I. Bra ton. Oakland
G W Whitley, England P Noswick. Or
3 F Smith, Texas J B Campbell, Nagskl
A J Huntoon, DC Dr X M Lundborg. Cal
Miss M L Grulry, N J Mrs P M Gallagher,
J H Grotecloss. N V Montana
M Ohl, Arizona C F Adams, Portland
Mr Gay. New York I J E Morris, Illinois
I. Waldmann, N J Mis J B Morris, 111
E Waldmann. N J C F Kretchner. NY
E A Bruce, Yankton G Pope. Brooklyn.
Miss Matthenaeen, SDH Rcsenbaum. N V
Q F Millken. NY B R Harty . N C
Q Lion. San Jose r Laiip-r. Boston
Hon S French, \ London A XV Otis, Boston
J C Dalton. St. Louis J S McDonald, Ark
L Reuter. Chgo '■?. B Dutcher. Chgo
M 8 Jameson. Portland |G S Nixon. Nev
i*. C Dv Bois, Portland F H Buck. Vacaville
Miss F A Megary, N Mrs Buck, Vacaville
Miss M A Rhodes, N YiR G Brown, S Rafael
B Holmes, N J Mrs Brown, San Rafael
W II Dunn. NY AD Forbes. Mass
Miss M F Fandy, N J A Giesel, Shanghai
N J Berkencr. N J V C Qulen. Amsterdam
Mrs C N Brown. N J Mrs It Brown, Cal
Miss M A McNeill. N J Miss Brown. Cal
C F Earl, Pa Miss Lammor. S Mateo
C S Monfort, NY G II Clark. Chgo
E A Duggan. N _" ,W R c ra ner. Or
Miss M Byrne, NY R Van Brunt. Leland
Miss J Byrne. N V G H Neisfhbee, Pa
F V Gross, NY C A Baldwin, S Clara
F H Noltoner. Or [W XV Bush, U S N
C M Gantenbeln. Or I
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Mi«s J Maddock, Ind Mrs Roers. lowa
A Arnold. S Diego I Miss H Walker, lowa
N Hofl Idaho J L Washburn & w,
B XV Long, Chicago lowa
J H Hunt &w. Colo 'P F Martin, Sta Rosa
C A Ricker _. w. N V |W C Johnson _ w. Cal
]•" Clark & w lowa LC A Tracey, Omaha
A H Leighton, lowa 'A C Homing. Mich
J Alcock Wis |P de Witt. Mich
1 m -Williams, fl Jose ,<' H Whitney. Mich
G Jackson, Benicla J W Martin, Mich
c (1 Johnson. Fresno H C Kettell. San Diego
J King San Jose L W Flack. lowa
i; A Denman. NY PC Cockrell. lowa
H Peterson, N York A J Clark. lowa
Mrs Ostman. Los Ang A B Clark, Spokane
M Frlckev. Kan City R Thavitwan & w,
Ml si I M Kline. X City Ohio
Mr Brown & w, lowa -Miss I, M Huges. Ohio
D Mclnerney. Chicago 'E H Scott. Kan City
E « Dillon, Illinois B Fisher. Suisun
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, July 15.
f"oi-r Czar, TTutman, 50 days from Altata.
Schr Emma Claudlna, Nielsen, 21 days from
Schr Muriel, Bauman, 23 days from Honoipu.
SAILED. "
<. Saturday, July 15.
Stmr W'eeott. Burtis, Eureka. . C>_??j
Stmr New burg. Hansen, Fort Bragg.
Aus stmr Slam, Ralslch. Nanalmo.
Bark Gatherer, Eyoungeren, Tacoma.
Bark Kate Davenport. Merriman, Port Blake
ley
Haw bark Roderick Dim, Johnson. Hilo.
Schr <in 1 *' n Gate, Madsen. Mendocino.
Schr Ida McKay,- Johnson, Grays Harbor.
Schr Ocean Spray, Nyman, Iverscns Land
"schr Newark, Beck, Bowens Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. July 15, 10 p m— Weather
foirp-v wind west; velocity 14 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS BAY— Sailed July 16— Schr Gem, for
Ran Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived July 15— Stmr Rival.
hence June 14. " ■
SANTA CRUZf-Satled July Schr Monte
rey for Bowens Landing.
EUREKA — Arrived July 15— Stmr South
Coast hence June 13; schr Alice, hence July 8.
Sailed July 15— Stmrs North Fork and Po
mona and schr Mary Buhne, for San Fran-
C SAN PEDRO— Sailed July 35— Schr Laura
Mhv for Everett.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed July 15-Schr . Halcyon,
f T'ORT Pl HADT.OCK-Sa!led July 15— Bktn Re
triever for San Pedro. ■
FORT ROSS— Sailed July Schr Mary C, ',
for San Francisco. -.-._
CHAD— Sailed July IB— Stmr Newsboy, for
BS COOS a BAY— Sailed July 15— Stmr Areata, for
San Francisco. ,
. FOREIGN TORTS.
NEWCHWANG— Arrived July 10— Ektn J M
Griffith, from Tacoma.
YOKOHAMA- Sailed July 14— S stmr Han
cock, for San Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
QUEBEC— Arrived July 15— Stmr Scottsman,
from Liverpool.
KILLS HIMSELF
IN FRONT OF
THE HOSPITAL
Joseph Feeney Es
capes to End Life.
» — 4 —
PHYSICAL MISERY THE CAUSE
— * —
HE WAS AN INMATE OF THE
COUNTY HOSPITAL.
c
Scaled the Walls and Deliocrately
Shot Himself Outside the
Gates — Left to Secure
the Pistol.
Joseph Feeney, a shoemaker, bent by
! age and sickness, cut off his life yesterday
j morning on the corner of Twenty-second
and Potrero streets, a 32-caliber revolver
serving as the death-dealing instrument.
For two days previous to his suicide ho j
was an inmate of the City and County ]
Hospital, where he was being treated for j
I gastric ailments and a spinal affection. j
He left the hospital grounds yesterday
j morning without a permit, and a few !
hours later shot himself In the lower part j
lof the right side. The ball passed through !
i his body and lodged in the opposite side)
of his chest.
On Thursday night Feeney applied at j
i the hospital for medical treatment. Ills ;
] case was not of a serious nature, so he I
was allowed his liberty and the free use ,
'of the grounds. He remained under the |
i cure Of the hospital physicians until yes- I
terday morning, when his absence was
; noted. Just before the noon hour a shot ;
I was heard and the guards on watch at I
i the main gate rushed out to find that a |
; man had shot himself about 200 feet west
! of the main entrance.
The man was then carried into the hos- :
I pital. Dr. Ebrlght operated upon him and :
removed the bullet, but Feeney died soon j
I after. , ,_. . .
How he secured the pistol with which he
I ended his life is a mystery. It is the be- 1
I lief of the hospital physicians and at
tendants that lie effected an escape by
scaling the walls. When he entered the
hospital he did not have a pistol. He:
might have secreted it somewhere in the
j neighborhood within easy reach upon his ,
discharge. . - . . „-
Feeney was a na.tlve of Ireland. 6. years ;
lof age. He spent the last thirty-five years
'of his life in California. When entering I
I the City and County Hospital he said he <
was married and had two grown sons liv- t
I Ing at 336 Howard street.
CLEVELAND SHUT OUT
TWICE BY BALTIMORE
Brooklyn Beats Chicago and Boston
Wins by a Score of One to
Nothing.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— XV. L. Pet. I Clubs— XV. 1,. Pet.
Brooklyn ....62 24 .«M Pittsburg ...36 38 .486
Philadelphia 46 27 .630 Cincinnati ..3.1 3S .479
Boston 47 28 .627 N-w Y0rk. ..33 41 .446
Chicago 43 29 .597 .Louisville ...30 4; . .400
Baltimore ...42 30 .583 Washington 2.>-"a«l .329
St. Louis 43 32 .'74 Cleveland ...12 61 .164
BALTIMORE, July 15.— Not a run did Cleve
land score in eighteen Innings with Baltimore
this afternoon. The difference in pitching and
headwork at the bat accounts for the Orioles'
easy victories. In the first game Sugtien had
his ' troubles. McGraw ran into him in trying
toicore on a hunt and the catcher was knocked
over and his kneecap hurt. Notwithstanding
the injury he stuck to -his post and figured In
several close outs at the plate thereafter. At
tendance. 2436. Score of first game:
clubs— "J- **• E.
Baltimore «♦ _ J
Cleveland 0 4 *!
Batteries— McGlnety and Crisham; Schmidt
and Sugden.
Score of second game:
Clubs- R. H. E.
Baltimore - » ™ "
Cleveland ° •> „ z
Batteries— Kitson and Crisham; Knepper and
Schrecongost. Umpires— O'Day and McGarr.
BROOKLYN, July 15.— Both teams played a
sensational fielding game to-day, although all
the runs were scored on errors. The five hits
off Dunn were scattered through as many
innings a base on balls, a steal and a wild
throw by McGuire In the sixth saving the
Orphans from a shut-out. Brooklyn won the
game in the seventh by bunching two hits on
top of three errors and a base on balls. At
tendance, £000. Score:
Clubs- •£• H. X ;
Chicago ret
Brooklyn & H -
Batteries— Taylor and Donahue: Dunn and
McGuire. Umpires— Emslie and McDonald.
BOSTON, July 15.— Champions and the
Plttsburgs had another close game to-day and
.-gain the visitors were shut out without a run.
It took eleven Innings to decide the contest.
The home team Anally -tot the necessary run
through a two-bagger by Long and Collins' hit
over the left field fence. Attendance, 4000.
Score:
Clubs— -*■ *]-. E
Boston I * i
Pittsburg ** ' 3
Batterles— and Clarke; Tannehill and
Bowerman. Umpires—Lynch and Connolly.
NEW YORK. July 15.— New York turned the
tables to-day and won one of the best played
games of the season nt the Polo Grounds. Both
Ditchers were very effective. The visitors were
clearly outplayed in the field. Attendance, 2000.
Score:
Clubs— _■ n .- E „
St Louis » 5 2
New York •••• 3 8 1
Batteries— Sudhoff and Crlger; Carrick and
Warner. Umpires— Manassau and Hunt.
WASHINGTON, July IS.— Louisville played a
fast game to-day and the "Senators were un
able to hit Dowl'i.ig effectively. In the second
Inning 'wo hits tnd errors by Weyhing and
Atherton gave the Colonels the game. Attend
ance, WOO. Score:
Clubs- «■ H- E^
Louisville ••••• ill
Washington l 6 3
Batteries— and Powers; Weyhing and
Klttredge. Umpires— Snyder and Smith.
PHILADELPHIA, July 15.— Five hits In the
fifth inning gave the Phillies to-day's game.
Breltenstein took Taylor's place and held the
lctals down to one hit. Steinfeld led at the bat
for Cincinnati with two singles and a double.
Attendance, 10,400. Score:
Clubs— .-J- *** E
Cincinnati _ « . -
Philadelphia 4 8 0
Batteries— Tavlor. Breltenstein and Vaughn;
Magee and McFarland. Umpires— Gaffney and
Latham. . '."'•> ,
WHITMAN IS CHAMPION.
Defeats Ware in the Canadian Tennis
Finals.
QUEENS ROYAL., Out., July IB.— The
Canadian tennis champlonsnlp finds a
resting place and M. D. Whitman of Bos
ton is the lucky holder. Whitman to-day
lowered the colors of L. B. Ware, cham
pion for the past two years. Ware was
not at the top of his fame, and only in
the last set did he make a stand. After
the score reached four-all Whitman
played strongly and won out the set and
made six. R. T>. Little, the Princeton
champion, won the handicap singles, but
the doubles were won by Whitman and
Deals Wright. Scores: _ '._
Singles— Champion round: M. D. Whit
man, challenging,, beat L. E. Ware, hold
er, 6—2. 6— 3, 6—4.
Handicap singles— Final round: R. D.
Little, owe 16, beat H. Bissell, half/15,
0,6— 1,6— 4. ' , '
j Doubles— Final round: M. D. Whitman
' and Beals Wright beat J. P. Paret and R.
D. Little, 7-5, 6-2, 6-2. _. y;.^.*:
Dead Soldier Identified.
SAN RAFAEL., July 15.— Tho soldier
•who was killed in the Alto tunnel last
night by a train was identified at the
morgue to-day by Otto Schlnan, the hos
pital steward at Angel Island, as John F.
Meyer. He was a private stationed at
the island and was a native of Tennessee,
aged 32 years." The Inquest will take place
Monday next.
OVERDUE SUGAR
SHIPS ARE NOW
MAKING PORT
Delay Caused by Light
Winds and Calms.
■ — • —
SAILORS LOSE THEIR LIVES
— ♦ —
ONE DIES IN HIS BUNK, THE
OTHER IS DROWNED.
.... ♦
The Planter and Emma Claudina
Make Good Runs No More
Midday Trips to Alcatraz
and Angel Island.
The overdue sugar fleet began to arrive
from the Islands Friday night, and kept
on arriving all of yesterday. The bark
entine Planter made the best run and the
bark Mohican the worst. All of the ves
sels met with light winds and calms, but
the Planter struck a lead which Captain
McNeill took advantage of and reached
port in twenty-one days. The next best
run was that of the barkentine Robert
Sudden, twenty-two days from Honolulu,
and then came the brig W. G. Irwin,
twenty-three days from Honolulu; brig
Consuelo, twenty-five days from Mahu
kona; schooner Aloha, twenty-five days;
ship Standard, thirty-one days, and bark
Mohican, thirty-four days from Honolulu.
This Is the Standard's first visit to this
port. She was at Honolulu to load sugar
for New York when San Francisco par
ties bought her, and in future she will
run between here and the islands. The
Standard was built in 1878 at Bath, Me.,
and is 1461 tons net burden. She is 212
feet long. 40 feet 2 inches broad and 24
feet 5 inches deep. Captain Getchell will
leave the Standard here and Captain
Backus, late of the barkentine Edward
May, will take command of her. -
There was a fatality on the barkentine
Robert Sudden during the run from Hon
olulu. It happened on July 10, in latitude
38 north, longitude 137.56 west. Captain
Blrkholm was crowding on every stitch
of canvas to "woo the freshening breeze,"
and the barkentine was slipping through
the water at the rate of ten knots an
hour, when the cry of "A man over
board!" was raised. William Stanton,
one of the sailors, fell overboard from the
port mizzen rigging, and although the
ship was hove to and a boat lowered the
poor fellow sank before assistance could
reach him.
Strange to say, there was also a fatal
ity on the British ship Earl of Dunmore,
which arrived from Newcastle, N. S. XV.,
yesterday, on the same date and almost
in the same latitude and longitude. Will
iam Phillips, an "A. 8.," aged 24 years,
died from some wasting disease and was
buried at sea. He had been ill during
the whole voyage and was almost a skel
eton when he passed away. According to
an old custom, his effects were auctioned
off the next day, and the proceeds, along
with his pay, will be sent to the dead
man's relatives in England,
Captain Kay says the Earl of Dunmore
had to beat her way to San Francisco.
She was eighty-seven days getting here
and had head winds nearly ail the way.
In latitude 39.34 south, longitude 162. 34
west, she ran into some heavy weather,
during which she suffered damage, and
again on June 2 there were some heavy
squalls, which played havoc with the can
vas
The sugar fleet are not the only vessels
that are making long passages. The
British ship Ancaios Is now out 109 days
from Liverpool with, a general cargo and
should be heard from soon. On ADril 3
sbv wa.! in latitude 40 south, longitude 58
west, and must have had a hard time of
it rounding the Horn. The new four
masted schooner Ja*n*es H. Bruce and the
British ship Bidston Hill are both out
eighty-four days for Nlcolaefski and Ma
nila respectively. The Bruce left here
with a general cargo for the Siberian
coast and was expected to make a quick
run. The Bidston Hill took Government
stores for Manila and sailed from here
sixteen days after the American ship
Marion Cbncott left Seattle on a similar
errand. The latter vessel reached Manila
on June 10, but the Bidston Hill has not
jet put in an appearance. There Is a
chance that both the James H. Bruce and
Bidston Hill have arrived and the fact
has not been telegraphed. ■'/ -.
The transports Newport and Ohio are
being overhauled and will be ready for
another voyage to Manila In twelve days.
The Tartar will sail on the 22d with two
battalions of the Nineteenth Infantry and
100 recruits. One of the officers of the
Oregon Regiment is minus^his gold watch
and chain and a bundle of sliver mounted
canes. In the hurrry and bustle of get
ting away from the transport Newport on
Friday he forgot the things, and when he
went back for them yesterday they were
gone. -*".'"
Visitors to Alcatraz and Angel Islands
will not be able to make a midday trip
ln future. Owing to the quantity of freight
that has to be carried to the detention
camp at Angel Island the service steamer
has more than she can do. In consequence
the midday trip will be discontinued until
further orders.
Captain Buckman, formerly master of
the whaleback steamer City of Everett,
but for the last two years port captain
for the Pacific Mall Company at Panama,
Is coming home for a well earned holiday.
He has not been well for some time past
and needs a rest. Captain Tllton, formerly
chief officer of the transport Newport,
leaves for Panama on the San Juan next
Tuesday to relieve him.
Josie Anderson, who lives on August
street, off Union, made another attempt
at suicide yesterday. She has been treats
three times as a would-be suicide at the
Harbor Hospital, but her Injuries, have
always been slight. Yesterday she swal
lowed some carbolic acid, so she says,
but if she did Dr. Morrison could not find
any trace of the drug. She was put to
bed md will be held, to see if there are
any developments. Josie is a divorced
woman and only 24 years of age.
Titus Beaten by McEachern.
PHILADELPHIA. July 15.— Fred ? Titus
to-day - lost the title of unpaced cham
pion at the Woodside Park bicycle track,
being beaten in an unlimited pursuit race
by Archie McEachern of Canada. Mc-
E'achern caught Titus in three miles in
6:52 3-5. :-; *?.£-7r.c__________
Death, at Vallecito.
ANGELS CAMP, July 15.— XV. J. Cat
burg died at Vallcclto yesterday at the
age of 49 years. He was well known in
Calaveras County, where he lived nearly
all his life.
Advance Guard of the Overdue Sugar Fleet Arrives in Port.
> <*_^<_-©<^©<i*O<^^^o-**^©-c^<^©<^ <^ 9
TO COLLECT THE \
CALIFORNIA WOOD I
W. H. MILLS APPOINTED ON THE FORESTRY COM- £
MISSION. V
Photo by Taber. il
ANNOUNCEMENT has just been made of the appointment of XV. H. A
Mills of this city as honorary expert in the forestry and fisheries de- V>
partment of the Paris Exposition. The appointment was made by V*
Commissioner Peck on recommendation of Dr. Tarleton H. Bean, gen- Q
eral director of the forestry and fisheries department. ' Q
Mr Mills will have entire charge of the work of collecting and arranging A
California'- exhibit for this department, and will enter upon his duties at /
' once A dispatch received from Dr. Bean yesterday morning brings the wel- V
come new* that additional space his been granted for the forestry exhibit. Q
i and Mr Mills will accordingly make an elaborate collection of California A
wood** He is also planning to ship the trunk of the giant sugar pine recent- J.
lv discovered in the McCloud River district. The trunk is twelve feet in V
1 diameter, and the plan is to ship a thirty-foot section of it to Paris as a O
specimen of the coast's productiveness. Q .
i <^^<^©^o^o^^^<>^ o<^ •
HARNESS EVENTS ON
THE GRAND CIRCUIT
Season Will Open on Monday on the
Detroit Driving Club's
Track.
DETROIT. Mich.. July 15.— Weather per
mitting the grand circuit trotting and
pacing season will open auspiciously on
Monday at the Detroit Driving Clubs
track The Detroit Club's annual blue
ribbon has the finest line of entries yet
registered. Three hundred and thirty
horses are entered for the races, the larg
est list any grand circuit meeting has
ever had. Half the blue ribbon events
will be best two heats In three, the others
the old system of best three In five. Al
though the horsemen are reputed to dis
like the two-in-three innovation there are
more entries in the short than in the long
races Several other grand circuit points
will inaugurate two-ln-three heats this
year for portions of their programmes.
Rainy weather has prevented working the
horses on the track the past two weeks.
Fine dry weather Is hoped for on Mon
day for which one of the big events of
the week is scheduled-the K^O Chamber
of Commerce stake for 2:24 pacers. Fif
teen horses probably will start. The
record for this stake is %■___%■
. Coney. the California gelding, one of
the best ones entered, went a trial mile
this week in 2:07^. Bob Fltzsimmons went
a half at Dubuque as a three-year-old in
l*ol4 Fire Guilt and Maud Emperor,
also fast voting pacers, are expecteu to
The evonf week, the Merchants'
and Manufacturers' $10,000 trotting stake,
has a field of nineteen starters, two more
than ever previously. Among these are
King Mond, 2:12-_; Baron &arch. 2:1...
Starmont and Success, each 2:14V V A
2*04 pace scheduled for Thursday is ex
pected to develop a good contest between
Frank Bogash, Chehalis. Anaconda and
fourteen fast trotters are entered for
the 2 10 trot on Friday. The Abbott. John
Nolan Eagle Flanagan and Monterey are
among The 5 entries In a 2:08 class trot on
Towa, July 15.-Joe Patehen
and Directly have been entered for the
big purse offered star pacers by the Nut
wood Driving Club on Thursday, August
31 SAGINAW, Mich.. July 15.— Yesterday's
postponed harness races had to be called
off to-day owing to the heavy rain. The
Unfinished '"11 pace, in which six heats
were paced, was broken In conformity to
the summary at the close of these heats.
Lord f Robbery being given first money.
Donnogh second, Eyelet third and Neta W
f °f.FTROIT July 15.— The heavy to
da?* made Tracing at Highland Park im
possible, and Thursday's postponed racea
wm accordingly called off. as most of the
horses at the track have been entered
elsewhere for next week. :
Imperial Knights.
California Commandery of the Imperial
Knights has had the following officers In
stalled for the current term: S. A. White,
commander; J. F. Barrett, vice com
mS^r Dr. C. Deichmiller. past com
mander; J- G. Simpson, counselor; 3. S.
Sham, secretary: A. M Vlvier. chap
lain .John McCallan, marshal .;. George R.
Gibson, treasurer; A. J. Kammerling.
guard. ' 7-?;7:-"77
EXCITING HORSERACE
OVER THE MOUNTAINS
Shasta's Sheriff Beats Robber Gen
try's Stepfather From Red
ding" to Keswick.
REDDING, July 15.— Sheriff C. H. Boh
hens had a very exciting chase from
Redding to Keswick to-day. Ernest Gen
try, who is under arrest awaiting the ar
rival of the Sheriff from Socorro, N. M.,
where he is wanted for having stolen
$6000 in Government script, -was taken
before Justice of the Peace Herzlnger for
the correction of an error In the papers
on which he is held. Sheriff Behrens has
been watching the express office and
mall closely for the missing script. Yes
terday* a package labeled "life Insurance
policy*' arrived at the Wells-Cargo office
at Keswick for Gentry. Sheriff Behrens
was getting ready to go after It to-day
when Gentry was taken to the court
room. Gentry's stepfather, Jacob Ran
dall of Keswick, was present.
When he was not watched Gentry wrote
an order for the package and gave It to
Randall. Randall ran out, jumped upon
his horse and started for Keswick on the
run. Sheriff Behrens hastily procured a
saddle horse and went in hot pursuilt to
beat Randall to the Keswick express of
fice. Both men are experienced horse
men and they fairly flew over the moun
: tain trails. Randall had fifteen minutes
start, but Behrens overtook him when
100 yards from the office, after having
covered the eight miles over the moun
tains in thirty-five minutes.
Both men sprang from their horses
and rushed into the office. At the Sher
iff's order the package was delivered to
him. It was found to contain nothing but
a life insurance policy in favor of Gen
try's mother, just as it was labeled. The
officers are confident that Gentry ana
Randall believed the package contained
the missing Government script, and the
express and mall will be very closely
watched. The Insurance policy probably
was sent to see if the package would get
through safely.
JUST A CHICAGO BLUFF.
■■_*...: - . -
Reported Offer to Sharkey and Jef
fries Occasions Mirth. •
NEW YORK, July 15.— An evening paper
says the report that a Chicago syndicate
is making arrangements for a meeting be
tween Jeffries and Sharkey, -ml is pre
pared to offer a purse of 175.000, is char
acterized by fight promoters here as Chi
cago wind." When the stand taken by
Mayor Harrison against the previously
proposed appearances of any of the flrst
class heavv-welghts is recalled, it may
easily be seen that Jeffries and Sharkey
are effectually barred. When Jeffries was
last in Chicago a proposition for him to
meet third-class heavy-weights in limited
round bouts was vetoed, and that ho was
permitted to appear in a short exhibition
bout with his brother was looked upon as
a concession. The only possible shadow of
truth in the offer is that Chicago pro
moters are reported to be negotiating for
the formation of an athletic club in Du
buque, lowa, at which it is proposed to
hold contests of twenty rounds during the
coming winter.
Open Season for Doves.
MARYSVILLE, July 15.— The open sea
son for doves commenced to-day. Before
dawn this morning there was a general
.outpouring of local Nimrods. and this
evening some big bags of game are re
ported. The birds are quite plentiful.-
1920
COUNTY CLERK
SWINGS THE AX
UNWILLINGLY
Is Forced to Reduce
Regular Staff.
— ♦ —
TWENTY-FIVE HEADS FALL
— —
ALL TRUST TO LUCK IN A GAME
OF DRAW.
«
If the Supervisors Grant Additional
Moneys to the Office All Men
Dismissed Will Be Re
' appointed.
«
In obedience to the will of the Super
visor?; and ln anticipation of an adverse
ruling by the Supreme Court on the peti
tion for a rehearing of the issues Involved
in the case recently decided limiting the
number of under-offlclals in the County
Clerk's office, action has been taken and
the heads o_ twenty-five have fallen into
the basket. Yesterday afternoon it was
announced by County Clerk Deane that
the force of the office must be reduced
to me.i the present conditions. He also
announced thai in order, to be fair to ail
concerned that the names of all copyists
and deputies would be placed in a oallot
Vox. with the exception of those of Joseph
Uoddard, acting chief deputy, and John :
Flood, copyist and private secretary, j
sufficient would be drawn to allow the j
office to run within the appropriation -
made by the Supervisors, and those un
fortunates whose names remained within
must step down and out.
The remaining hours of the day were,
in consequence, hours of suspense for the
host of under-officials. Five o'clock came
and the entire office force adjourned to
the court room of Department Six. Jo
seph Goddard carried the box containing
the names, and when ail were seated Mr.
Deane began his remarks.
"Gentlemen, you all know why we are
here." he said. "This seems to be the un
fortunate year for the office of the County
Clerk. We have been made to suffer for
the good of all other offices in the city
• nd county government, it seems. You are
all, of course, familiar with the decision
of the Supreme Court, which, by the way,
is in abeyance owing to the fact that a
-petition for a rehearing is at present be
fore the court, but you all must know that
the Supervisors have taken action against
our office without giving us an opportu
nity to finally determine just what laws
govern our affairs. 1 have been before
the Supervisors and have quoted law and
facts. 1 have shown them that in past
administrations the sum of $110,000 a year
has been granted with which to run the
County Clerk's office, but still they have
cut us down to $71,700. Of this amount
$;.ti.OOO is for the first six months, giving
just J'*'"" l a month with which to conduct
the office. Of this amount $500 must be
expended for stationery, and hence but
j:,",' i can be expended for salaries. The 1
remaining six months must be conducted
at an expense somewhat under $6000 a
month, and. as you all know, the efficien
cy of the office cannot be kept up on that j
basis.
••This afternoon the board met as a
board of equalization, and they could have j
easily taken up a communication which I
sent "them and granted me the proper ap
propriation for the office. All I asked was j
-90,000, and from this I agreed to pay all
salaries, purchase stationery and conduct ;
the entire business of the office. As they j
would not grant my request it is there- j
fore necessary that the force of the office I
be reduced to suit the condition, but I
promise that in event the board at a sub
sequent date allows the proper appropria
tion I will again appoint each and every
man that the present unfortunate circum
stance deprives of position.
"An even more startling condition at
present faces us when we consider the
decision of the Supremo Court. Under j
this decision the force of the office is re
duced to thirty-two men. At the present
time, as you all know, there are twelve
courts, and under the decision I can em- j
ploy but nine courtroom clerks. There ;
are at present thirty-six copyists to do
the work of the two departments of the
Probate Court, and the decision only al- |
lows four. If this decision prevails the !
efficiency of the office will be paralyzed. |
Serious trouble will result. The Probate !
courts will be at a standstill, criminals,
who have a right to be tried within a cer- :
tain period, will have to be freed and the
public will suffer to an unlimited degree.
The Supreme Court has seen fit to rele- j
gate the affairs of the office to a decision
of twenty-seven years ago, when the city I
was practically a village. Still, w_
must abide by the law, and we will do our i
best to conduct the office on the limited
appropriation; but I am afraid that our I
best will accomplish but little toward the '
desired result. .- '
"To-day the three courtroom clerks who '
must step down and out under the deci
sion of the Supreme Court will not be re- i
moved from their positions. Before we
determine by ballot who must go we will j
await the remittitur from the Supreme '
Court, which will arrive on the -Ist inst.
If. however, in the meantime the Supreme
Court will grant a rehearing these men
may not of necessity be removed, and,
again, the Supervisors may be induced :
to grant a further appropriation which i
will enable the immediate reappointment j
of you who must step out after the names
have been withdrawn from the box."
At this point Mr. Goddard. whose effi- I
ciency as chief deputy resulted in County j
Clerk Deane refusing to risk him to the
chance of the box, started to take the
names from the box, calling them off as
each was drawn. It was an anxious
crowd that watched the proceedings, but
when it was over all. even those to whom
fortune had been unkind, breathed easier.
The suspense was at an end and all knew
just where they stood.
The names of the copyists who will re- !
main in the office were first drawn from I
the box by Mr. Goddard. They are: ]
George Chenowyth, Frank Williams. 1.
C. Bertz. D. C. Van Nostram. Fred M
Kay. J. McAuliffe, H. C. Brown, George
J. I'lrich. Phil Herb-man, tsadore Erp,
H. Larsen, Leo McDonald. Oscar Herold
and J. V. Harrison.
Next came the drawing of the deputies
the fortunate ones being V. F. Northrup,
George C. Covey, W. H. Pendergast, T.
C. Matter, A. J. Martin. F. Dugan, H. J.
Angelo, A. S. Levy. AI Houston, A. 1*
Ma honey, N. Doollttle, XV. R. A. Johnson
F. R. Danforth. J. B. Reilly, G. Vallero
J. J. Grief. Donald D. V. Graham, P. J.
Walsh, Joseph Riordan, Thomas A
Davles, J. J. Cassidy, T. L. Doran, E. to.
Thompson, J. A. Whiteside, W. B. Lee
and A. L. Holder.
The copyists whose heads toppled Into
the basket are: George H. Martin, G. L.
"White, George Monnier, J. M. Bethel, "W.
M. Knox, F. E-oment, Charles Jamieson,
Ceorge K. Gowman, George Hemtz. Jo
seph F. Mogan, James J. Bagley, M. J.
Kelly. (J. E. Brown, William T. Cleary
and Carl XV. Muller.
The deputies who the fortune of the
panic of draw decapitated are: John
Houston. L. N. Jacobs. O. C. Lewis, J.
P. Bacigalupl, George S. McComb. P. XV.
Lannon. John A. McKenna, P. McGuckin,
John Duff and Joseph Cunningham.
The court room clerks, three of whom
muSt go in event the Supreme Court re
fuses to grant a rehearing, are: Frank
Grimes, John A. Dunker. XV. C. Raisch,
XV. S. Fitzgerald, U. A. Fitzgerald. Am
brose "Watson, Benjamin I. Solomon. C.
<'. Morris. R. J. Welch, J. B. Martin.
James It. McElroy, William R. Jost and
O. O. Toll*. -.' ;
Am soon as the labor of reducing th->
staff of the office by the chance system
instituted by Mr. Deane had been con
cluded, he again announced that in the
event a further appropriation was granted
he would reappoint all whom adverse for
tune had removed. This settled, the
meeting broke up. and now comes the
wait for further developments.
Cut by a Bottle.
Rudolph Wortinger, a bartender In the
Imperial saloon, 517. Market street, was
arrested yesterday afternoon oil a charge
of assault -villi a deadly, weapon. He Is
accused by Dan Ferguson of striking him
on the left hand with a bottle and inflict
ing a long, deep wound, which was
dressed at the Harbor, Hospital by Dr.
Thompson. _
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal." J. Noonari, 1017-1023 Mission.
~ — : — — — — — — — — ■ — ; r^ 7 *-f, j , I jaa-e a. ______
Ribbons and art goods.
Takes careful watching of markets and trade conditions
to land such values as these.
Ribbons— Lots must be closed out before styles
change and the season's demands cease; a big line
of satin and gros-grain and plaid taffeta ribbon in a
good assortment of colors; to go this week:
No. 5— l-in. wide, satin or taffeta 5c yd .
No. 7— l'^-in. wide, satin or taffeta be yd
Xo. lV>-in. wide, satin or taffeta. .B 1-Hr yd
No. 12— l;_-tn. wide, satin or taffeta lOc yd
No. 16— 2'i-in. wide, satin or taffeta. IS l-_Tc yd
Xo. 22— 2»i-ln. wide, satin or taffeta 15c yd
Xo. 40— ."--in. wide, taffeta only 15c yd
No. 3*)B-ln. wide, satin only -Or yd
75 Denim Table Covers— Stamped in assorted de-
signs and colored; all ready to work; to be closed
out beginning to-morrow 15c
. Laundry Bags— loo in the lot; denim or duck;
some are stamped and others tinted; here is a snap;
some of your friends will need one i£f»«-
Hemstitched Muslin Pillow Shams— 32 inches
square; prettily stamped; a good assortment of de-
signs; 3 dozen in the lot; to be closed out at — 25c
Dress goods— silks.
Dame Fashion has a pupil here — a student to study
styles for you and us.
Fancy Suitings— Two styles of 38-inch fancy Suit-
ings; mostly in dark colors and small designs; these
sold,- at 50c; the assortments are now broken; the lot
will be placed on sale for a quick clearing at
iJ5c a yard
All-wool Serges — Hale's 50c serges are famous; a
new lot Just received; staple colors and black; full
45 inches wide; a heavy fabric; a cloth that will give
most excellent wear 50c a yard
Black Cheviot A popular fabric for separate
skirts and full suits; a new lot received last week;
50 inches wide; a deep, rich, fast black and a beau-
tiful finish, at Hale's 75c a yard
A snap in Linings— 3ooo yards of Hale's OO silesia
in all the staple colors and black <»«• a yard
Lining Canvas — all-linen Canvas in slate and
brown, at Hale's lining counter... lOc a yard
Black Satin Duchess — Dame Fashion says that
black Satin is to be the proper thing for fall cos-
tumes; we have just received a new lot; among them
we find an extra heavy 23-inch grade: an elegant
fabric; we price it as a leader # I OO a yard
New Silk Waist Patterns Some new styles and
shadings in stripes: this lot should have arrived long
ago; delayed in transit: consequently a lowered cost;
19 inches and 20 inches wide: you would expect to
pay $1 00; to close them out quickly 75c a yard
Reductions in Jackets.
You may wish a cheap jacket for vacation or to knock
about in.
Kersey Jackets You want a cheap Jacket to
wear on your vacation; we have eight Kersey Jack-
ets; full silk lined; fly front; a perfectly fitting little
garment that sold for $8; for the eight first callers
to-morrow S.">
Covert Cloth Jackets 4-button front; silk lined;
the season's patterns; reduced to close from '. $10
to $7 50
Big Reductions in Suits — Some of the greatest re-
ductions Hale's ever made are noticeable In the suit
department right now; garments cannot be carried
over one season (better to take the loss now and in-
vest in new garments than lose the same amount
later). Here is an idea of the reductions: $6 50
Cheviot Suits, reduced to $4 0."»; $10 Cheviot Suits,
reduced to !}»G 45; $20 Cheviot Suits, reduced to
$15; $27 50 Worsted Cloth Suits, reduced to
$18 50, etc.
Percale Shirt Waists— so dozen fine Percale
Waists, in all the new shades; insertion fronts: these
garments were bought for cash at a forced sale; you
gain by the misfortune of the loser; there isn't a
waist in the lot that should sell for less than $1 25; ■
for you at Hale's to-morrow 75 c j
ICEMAN CROWLEY
DECAMPS WITH
TILLIE HEROLD
Bookkeeper for Union
Ice Company.
— ♦ —
SHE, A TRANSIENT BUTTERFLY
♦ —
VIOLA SMITH IS DESERTED FOR
ANOTHER CHARMER.
"' a
I New Conquest Inherits Some Money
and the Fumes From Its Burn
ing Still Permeate the
Tenderloin.
<
I J. George Crowley, a. familiar figure
i along "the line" and popularly known as
; "Iceman Crowley," has disappeared for
' parts unknown and with him lias gone
: Tillie Herold, a transient butterfly and _.
prominent member of the half-world.
Crowley, up to the time of his disap
. pearance about a week ago, was book
j keeper and confidential agent of the Union
: Ice Company, a fact to which he owes his
| sobriquet of "iceman." There were ru
] mors to the effect that his books were In
I bad shape and that he had defaulted to
I the tune of several hundred dollars, but
i inquiry at the offices of the company on
Fourth street failed to develop any con
firmation of the rumors. The officials of
the concern stated that Crowley had not
taken one cent of its money.
Crowley first became notorious about a
year ago when his wife, Mattle Crowley,
! obtained a divorce from him. It is said
J that Mrs. Crowley is a ravishingly beau
| tiful woman, but her husband had descri
ed her for another. She was awarded
$25 a month alimony and the custody of
the child. About a month 'ago CrotvJey
was in court again, having been sued by
Ms former wife for the payment of ali
mony. ■'*--''.
Crowley instituted a' counter-suit in
I which he endeavored to gam possession of
! the child by claiming that the mother
was not a flt person to care for it. lie
i made some sensational charges, which
were thoroughly exploited in The Call, to
i the effect that she had tried to induce
I him to go East and work the "badger
i game" on wealthy Easterners, and also
to blackmail certain prominent men in :
this city. The charges were not sustained,
however, and Crowley lost his suit.
After his divorce Crowley became a con
stant habitue of the tenderloin and led a
gay life with Viola Smith, who had apart
ments at the Royal Eagle on Ellis street.
He rolled things high and spent more
money than was commensurate with his
income, which gave rise to the story of
his defalcation.
About a week ago he fell in with Tillie
Herold. who recently inherited a large
sum of money by the death of an aunt in
i the East, and the tenderloin became very
I warm from the burning of much. money
by Crowley and his new conquest. Tillie
: won the "iceman" away completely from
j Viola, and after a week's hilarious time
decamped with him and left the old love
i to struggle with her sorrow and loneli
■ ness. :-'.;'--.  '.v7-;./--; - '-: ' ^'-.r " : ;'*v-'. ;:
STABBED A COMRADE.
James R. Lee, a Discharged Soldier,
Arrested for Assault to
Murder.
James R. Lee. a discharged soldier from
Troop H, Fourth Cavalry, was. booked. at
the City Prison yesterday by Policemen
Co-len and Fennell on a charge of assault
to commit murders
.. Early on Thursday morning Lee and
some soldiers and two women we're drink
ing in Al White's saloon on Dupont street;
but as they became too noisy While put
them all out. Lee and John J. Lindsay, a
recruit, quarreled about one of the women
and Lee stabbed Lindsay, in the body
with a knife.
Lindsay dropped to. the ground and Lee
bolted. J. W. Mclntyre. another recruit,
chased him to Bush, street, along Bush to
Powell and down Powell to Sutter, where
the two officers arrested him. He was
placed in "the tanks."
Lindsay was taken in a hack by some
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 16, 1899.
t _____ _ ♦ A spread of bed spreads. t~
DeilllCl ■ Hale's California stores irf combined purchase bought over DCt)p CUIS
. _, 5000 spreads. Such buying makes these prices possible. .
LIII6II illSSn A sale of Bed Spreads— crochet and Marseilles bed spreads; 111
direct from the manufacturer; on sale at Hale's this week; some values ___•_■•
IlflderWear that shoul<i interest every household economist in San Francisco. ]l_ 111 1116]*V'«
EOc and 60c Spreads. 70x82 in 4*.c* each •'•
■ ■ ■ 7.-.C Spread-, 71xS2 inches «"*<* each ... - t
SfIVP-; rlftrW-: POc Si-reads, 72x85 inches Zs__» eac [- UnUSUaI SUm-
oaves OOCIOrS j, 25 Spreads, 81x88 Inches..... #1.00 each w
l;iu *1 so Spreads, 81x88 inches *_•*_£ eac L 1 mer savincs On
bills j 3 50 Spreads, double bed size $2.75 each . '".•**""*. U.i
allow* th-» <lfin A big assortment of colored Marseilles spreads. in double bed size: millinery.
aiiOWS me SKin blue and pink; beautiful raised designs.... fI.OO to 93.U0 **
to breathe. "White Marseilles Spreads-Large size; very fine....* 4.SO to $7.50. ' Visit the dept.
■'■:'.:'■*'• ; - All of the above spreads are hemmed and ready to use; the sale . , -A-
+ : — -♦■ will be conducted In aisle 3. : <:_l__~ ;";,.V.v; "v
These illustration* show some of the new belts.
Hundreds of notions. Hale's busy bazaar.
! 2000 yards Colored Finishing Braid Io yard Granite Steel Wash Basins-mi Inches across; you will need one .for
Black Enameled Darners -r each | the kitchen * •*"'
Horn Bones. S and 9 Inches 7c dozen! GranUe steel Quart Measures-Something that will last for a life-
I Stewart' Linen Thread, spool.. »<* each ,_* 115 c
i White Cotton Tape -c roll *-** T * e
White Linen Tape 7c bunch Granite Steel Fruit Funnels— Large size: just the thing lor the can-
i Lisle Elastic. __ Inch and *, inch fie yard ning season -* ,c
See the big notion display on the center tables. Granite Steel Tea Kettles— 7-quart size; granite steel is always
! Angora Mohair Binding. 5 yards tor 74c clean; makes good tea better " ,,c
,*__ ~*', W - ,? kirt Blnd l n 5"- no blacl - l io - >ar ' 1 Granite Steel Ladles— lo Inches long; just the thing for skimming
; 100 Colored Pins on a Cube »c each »*»•»»« ... ">c
: Rapid Hooks and Eyes, 2 dozen fie soup ''"' .  ,__ 0 ,_. ,__,_ ..„
200 Mourning Pins for." Ifie Cold Slaw Cutters- for slicing anything; 17 inches long..ZOc
Silk Hair Nets 4c [ IPV . Pan <.— Heavy ref.nned stew pans; 9 inches across; not the ordl-
Newport r-hook Corset Steels A c nary flimsy tin, but a good heavy article 1-r
60 Hairpins in a box for -c " ar> '"*••*'•> L .! • * .__.__*„. -
Satin Gored Belt Supporter l^'-c A C'^-lb bar of Imported castile soap for IJC
Hale's— 93s-937-939-941-943-945-947 Market Street— Hales
of his comrades to the Presidio hospital,
where five stitches were put in the wound.
He was resting easily yesterday and no
serious results are anticipated.
, WILL TRY IT AGAIN.
Mrs. Jack Kenny and John Evans,
Both Recently Divorced, to
Marry.
Mrs. Jack Kenny,* nee Lizzie Sullivan.
who obtained a divorce from her husband
about four months ago, and John M.
Evans, who also recently secured a di
vorce from his wife, have taken a flying
trip, it is supposed to Nevada, for the
purpose of joining their hands and for
tunes.
The inexorable law of California which
'orblds the marriage of divorced persons
within a year makes it necessary for Mrs.
Kenny and Evans to go outside of the
State to have the conjugal knot tied,
.fter the ceremony the couple will return
.o this city. ;;"•-. ~:
The news will be received with consid
erable surprise by their acquaintances, lor
hough ii was known that they were de
moted to each other no one contemplated
hat they had any intention of marrying. j
! Fell From a Two-Story Roof. !
Charles Munderschoid, a metal-roofer, |
j fell from the roof of a two-story annex
to Kelly's stables on Austin street, near
Franklin, yesterday afternoon and was j
taken to the Receiving Hospital. He es- j
: caped with a sprained ankle and dislo- •
cated wrist. The carpenters working on \
the building had a scaffold near the roof, |
; but had taken lt down unknown to Mini- '
[ derschoid. lie slid down the roof, ex- i
pecting to step on the scaffold, but landed !
on the ground. He worked for the same
i firm as Adolph <'. Jacob, who fell from
i the roof of a house on Jackson street on
i Thursday and was killed. Munderschoid I
! worried more about not being able to !
j attend Jacobs' funeral to-day than about [
! his injuries. I
SERVICES THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES.
First Baptist. Eddy street, near Jones— Rev.
E. A. Woods, D.D.
Morninpr-"A Place and a Time for Wor-
ship." Evening -"John, the Fourth Gos-
pel.- with a prelude on the religion of the
Hebrew.
Emmanuel Baptist, Bartlett street, near
Twenty-third — Key. J. George Glb«on.
M. .rMing— "The Hiessed Hope."
'Those Great Failures. "
Evening-
St. Ignatius, Van Xcbs avenue and Hayes
street— Jesuit Fathers.
Morning. 10:30 o'clock— Preaching by Father
Hell. Evening— Preaching by Father For-
han.
St. Mary's (Paullst). Dupont and Califor-
nia streets -Rev. Father Wyman.
Morning-Opening sermon of the Forty
Hours' Devotion at 11 o'clock: mass by-
Rev. K. 11. JTounan. Evening- Same ser-
vice.
St. Patrick's. Mission street, between Third
and Fourth.
Morning- Sermon by Father Horan.
Ing— Sermon by Father Barry.
Even-
St. Dotnlniek's Church. Bußh and Steiner
FtrtetF -Dominican Fathers.
Morning -Preaching by. the clergy. Evening
-Grand musical service, preceded by a
fhort sermon by Rev. J. N'ewell.
Richmond Congregational. Seventh avenue
and Clement street— Rev. P. Coombe.
Morning-"\VelKbe,l by Jehovah Cpon His
own Scales." Evening— "The Home-com-
ing t" •<;oii':= Country? "
Olivet ' ongregatlonal. Seventeenth and Xoe
streets— Rev. H. T. Shepard.
Morning— "Rival Suitors." Evening— "Dem-
ocratic Leadership."
First Conprrefjational. corner Post and Ma-
son streets -Rev. George C. Adams.
Morning— "Transfiguration." Evening— "Fall
of the Castile. •
Morning "Christ's M*»sage to the Inner
I^lfe." Evening— "The Church "and Popu-
lar Skepticism." . •
Morning— '•Progression In Christian Knowl-
edge." Evening "Christian Citizenship."
Morning -Holy communion at .11 o'clock.
Services by the pastor. 4 p. m. — Same.
Morning— Prayer and sermon by the pastor.
Evening "Henry VIII and the Church
erf England." by Rev. W. c. Shaw.
Morning- Sunday school at ■■■ 9 : 4.*. o'clock:
morning prayer at 11. Evening— Prayer at
8 o'clock by the clergy. ■-
Third Congregational, Fifteenth street, be-
tween Mission and Valencia.
First Christian, Twelfth street, near How-
ard—Rev. F. S. Ford.
Trinity. Rush and Gough streets— Rev. H.
S. Hanson.
St Luke's, corner V.'in Ness avenue and
Clay street— Bishop Morelanil, rector.
St James Mission. Sixth avenue and Clem-
ent street, Richmond— Clergy of. St. Steph-
en's.
St Stephen's Mission, 1712 Hayes street—
Clergy Of St. Stephen*.
Morning: Sunday school at 9:30 o'clock.
Evening— Prayer at 6 o'clock.
Sr Stop'"""'-"- Fillmore and Fulton streets—
Clergy Of St. Stephen'?.
Morning. 11 o'clock- -Prayer: preaching by
the clergy- pvening, 7:43 o'clock— Prayer;
preaching by the clergy.
German Evangelical Emmanuel <~"hurch,
corner Twelfth and Stevenson streets-
Rev. F. W. Fischer.
Morning "Mentioned in Prayer." Evening
— 'The Leading of the Spirit."
First English Lutheran. 1319 Geary street,
near Gough— Rev. E. Nelander.
Morning— "Pauls Doxology."
"The Fall of the Bastile."
Evening—
California Street M. E.. corner California
and Broderlck streets— Rev. Frederick C.
Lee.
Morning— Preaching by Ri-v. E, P. F. Dear-
born. Evening— l*reach!ng by Rev. F. H.
Jackson.
Orace Methodist Episcopal, corner Twenty-
first and Capp streets— Rev. J. N. Beard.
Morning- Preaching by Dr. E. S. Chapman.
Evening- Preaching by Rev. Edward P.
F. Dearborn.
HELLO GIRL WRITES
ABOUT HER TROUBLES
TELLS CORONER HILL ABOUT
LONG HOURS OF TOIL.
Testimony of the Superintendent at
the Inquest Contradicted in
Advance by One of His
Employes.
Some of the telephone girls do not trike
any stock in the roseate statement of
Superintendent Lehigh given at the in
quest into the death of Anita Byrne, who
poisoned herself last Tuesday with car
bolic acid.
Mr. Lehigh swore that the girls. were
required to work only eight hours per
day. but this statement is controverted
by the writer of an anonymous letter re
ceived through the mail yesterday morn
ing by Coroner Hill. The letter was signed
"A Telephone Girl."
The Coroner informed the reporters that
he had received af the same time another
note from the same girl giving her name
under the seal of confidence. The anony
mous letter is dated July 14, 1599, and
reads as follows:
Coroner Hill— Dear Sir: I read in
this morning's Call about your In
tended investigation into the workings
of the Telephone Company. We are
worked to death. We are supposed to
work nine hours every day, but more
often it is lengthened to ten or twelve
hours. Every other Sunday we work
ten hours, with a rest of twenty min
utes to snatch a bit to eat. No holi
day from January 1 to December 31.
If a girl has a free Sunday she is often
called to work some part of the day or
night. When the office is very busy
the manager is supposed to call upon
the main office for assistance, but
Manager Adam of the east office, in
stead of doing that, works the girls
nearly to death and gives them 10 cents
an tour for their overtime. If they
! are worn out and refuse to work they
are threatened with dismissal.
I have heard many a girl say that
she would kill herself if she was not
going out of the office soon. Don't
expect truthful statements from em
ployes of the company. They would
be dismissed if they spoke .the truth.
The girls live in dread of Maggie Ken
nedy and tremble and turn pale If
the*.- think she Is listening on their
table. I cannot sign my name, because
I work for the company, but if you
will be instrumental in benefiting our
case we will all say, "God Bless Coro
ner Hill."
JURORS AGAIN FILE SUIT.
Ask That the Supervisors Be Com
pelled to Approve Their Demands.
Louis P. Boardman. as attorney for the
Jurors In the various criminal depart
ments of the Superior Court, filed a peti
tion yesterday for a writ of mandate to
compel the Board of Supervisors to audit
the demands of the Jurors on the Treas
urer. William Birch, one of the jurors,
appears as petitioner. In the petition it is
set forth that affiant is entitled by law
to be paid by the city and county for ser
vice as a juror the sum of $2 a day for
each day's attendance. As it is neces
sary that the demand of the juror first be
approved by the board, hence the writ to
compel that body to pass upon the de
mand. ,
Heretofore an application was made to
the Supreme Court for a writ of mandate
as prayed in the suit filed yesterday, but
the court held that the matter was not
one of urgency and refused to act.
Central Methodist Episcopal. Mission street.
bPtween Sixth and Seventh— Rev. Charles
Edward Locke.
Mdrnlng— "Some Things Abotft Prayer."
Evening "A Sermon In Stories, or Iyes-
boiis From a Visit to tlio Tos.-rnite Val-
ley."
Simpson Memorial, oorner Hayes and I"u-
-chanan streets— Rev. John Stephens.
I Morning "The Simplicity of Christ." Even-
ing "What We Know About Heaven."
Howard M. X., Howard street. between
Second and Third- Rev. John A. P. Wil-
son. m
MornSng—rreachinß by Rev. George Baugh.
'«■> Evening— Same.
Epworth M. E.. corner Church and
fy-slxth streets- R^v. W. M. Wo.
Morning — "Sficinlism acid Christianity."
Evening,- Preaching by t!:e pastor.
Potrero M. E., Tennessee Ktreet. near So-
Irbo— Rev. S. M. Woodward.
Morning— Preachlr.K hy the pastor. Evening
— Samr.
Richmond XI E.. southwest corner South
California and Fourth avenue — Rev.
George Raugh.
Morning Divine service. Evening— Same.
Trinity Methodist Episcopal, corner Mar-
ket Sixteenth and Xoe streets— Rev. Theo.
H. Woodward.
Mornlnii— Preaching by the pastor. Evrn-
inpr Same.
Fifteenth Avenue M. E.. corner Fifteenth
avenue S. and I" street— Rev. w. r>. <:rabh.
Morning— Preaciiing by the pastor,
ing— Same.
Kven-
Starr King A. M. E. Zion, SO5 Stockton
street— Rev. T. Brown.
Morning "Seme Defects i:i <>nr Christian
Uves and How to 11.-ni--.iy Thpm." Even-
ing Preaching by the pastor.
Rethel African M. E.,' Powell street, near
Jackson— Rev. W. B. Anderson.
Morning— "The Choice ot a Worldly r,ife."
Evening— "The Manna Was a Standing
1 Miracle."
First M E.. Powell street, near Washington
Key. W. 8. l'rmy.
Morning Preaching by the pastor.
1..; Same.
Even-
First Presbyterian. Van Ness nvenue and
Sacramento street— R'-v. Robert Ma.ken-
zie.
Stewart Memorial V. P., Gnwrern street,
near Twenty-third Rev. \v. E. Dngan.
Morning "Christ, the World's Peace," by
Rev. S. F. Bcovel: Evening:— -"The Forgot-
ten Glory," by Rev. S. F. Scovel.
Morning— "Hearers and Doers." Evening—
•■Christ's Moral Obligations."
Horning "God's Compromise With Moses."
Evening— "A Sensible Conclusion."
Howard Presbyterian. niriiT Oak and Ka-
ker streets (Panhandle Golden Gate
Parkt— Rev. .T. S. Thomas.
Cavalr>- Presbyterian. Powell and Geary
streets— Rev. John Ilemphill.
i Morning -Preaching; hy the pastor. Even-
ing A Fixed Heart the Secret of a Rest-
ful Lite."
Franklin Street Presbyterian, corner
Franklin and Vallejo streets— Rev. David
James.
Morainjsr— "The. Cross in Christian Life." by
Rev. Thomas F. Day of San.. Anselmn.
Evening— "A Friend at Midnight," by
Rev. T. F. Day.
Morning— Preaching- by Rev. George Mc-
Cormick. Evening— Same.
First United Presbyterian, corner Golden
Gate avenue and Polk street— Rev. H. H.
Bell.
First Divine Science, Tosemltß Hall. N. 8.
G. W. buihllnp". Mason street- Rev. M. K.
Cramer.
MominK— "Thf I*iw of Demonstration."
Event npr— Preaehtns by the pastor.
First Church of Christ. Scientist. Central
block 223 Sutter street, between Grant
avenue and Kearny street— The Bible and
s.ience and Health. With Key to the
Scriptures.
Morning— "Truth," by the pastor,
ing— Discourse, etc.
Even-
, ■ ■■
Muslin underwear.
Good, Vein merchandise made by white labor. The
best that the word produces. ■■:>s£}s■ '..^A :■-,
Ladies' Muslin Drawers-Good heavy soft finish
muslin; made extra wide; 4-inch ruffle tiimmed " ,th
narrow lace around bottom; 20 dozen in the ? loi t„ air
" "Ladies'" Umbrella Drawers-Good heavy soft fin-
ish muslin; 3%-inch cambric ruffle Ith pr etty
trimmed embroidery edging; an excellent aal ue for
50c; to be closed out at ........ *^* ,t «* V AXV
Ladies' Muslin Gowns-High neck trimmed with
ruffle all around neck and down the front and around
the cuffs: four rows of 3 cluster tucks on .yoke seams
all felled: cut full width and long; a pretty little
gown and thoroughly well made; at Hale .>«>«-- eacn
Ladies' Lisle Vests— Richelieu ribbed; L. N. N. S.
washable silktape drawn around the neck ana arm-
lets; pink and blue; one of Hale's snaps.. ..—>«. eacn
Boys' Extra Heavy Bicycle Ribbed I Hose— A fast
black cotton stocking with double knees and doumo
heels and double toes: sizes 6 to 10; a cast-iron stock-
ing for rough school wear I* c a pair
Ladies' Fast Black Seamless Cotton Hose— Double
soles, heels and toes;, a good wearing stocking; fine
for vacation use 1— l--c a pair
Lace curtains— domestics.
The department that made Hale good goods famous^
Flannelette— cases of fine heavy flannelettes in
stripes and checks have just arrived; the heavy,
fluffy kind: the kind that wears; the kind you want
and the kind that suits lOc yard
Sergine —Just the thing you will need for your
outing costume; a 32-inch fabric in green or blue;
very similar to ducking: very heavy and good for a
vacation dress; at Ha1e'5.. ............ li! 1 --<• yard
Ecru Lace Curtains— lace curtain clean-up;- a
few curtains for early comers: we- have a few odd
t lines in ecru lace curtains: values that ought to in-
terest hotel and lodging house keepers and home
economists who wish to. make a substantial saving:
we have divided them into several lots; the patterns
are too varied for detailed "description; "the .values
are too good for you to pass by v';v/- 7 X"-;"
Lot I—7l pairs, 3"_ yards long ...80c
Lot 2—63 pairs, _\_ yards long ....;.. .97c
Lot 3— 107 pairs, 3". yards long ....JM.Ii-
Lot 4— 153 pairs, 3% yards long $1,150
120 pairs brass curtain chain5.... .... ..5c a pair
■7-7 ;."-■' A complete stock of curtain poles, brass and wood
. trimmings, a 5-foot pole and neat brass trimming
complete 25c a set
These are for men.
We cail particular attention to the Cashmere night robe.
Natural Gray Cashmere Night Robes for Men-
I One of the best values the furnishing goods depart-
! ment in this store ever offered; a fine cashmere robe,,
| full 62 inches long; cut extra wide: beautifully made;
' as soft to the touch and as full of warmth and wear
I and all around comfort as any night garment we
! have ever handled; well worth $2.50; here is an op-
! portunity for masculine comfort; 7 dozen at Hale's
I to-morrow $1.50
Men's Underwear— Natural gray and camel's
hair; a wool mixed garment in a broken assortment
of sizes; absolutely non-shrinkable; just the right
! weight for San Francisco climate; good value at 75c;
you may find your size in the lot 69c
Many New Conceits in Men's Neckwear— Puffs,
Tecks and Four-in-Hands; some swell patterns in the
new shadings just received; not necessary to pay
more than Hale's prices ..SOc
DOSED THE BABY OUT
OF THE WRONG BOTTLE
MRS. LIZZIE McENTEE POISONED
HER CHILD.
Kept the Poison and the Medicine on
the Same Table and Made a
Fatal Mistake.
James McEntee, the 2-months-old in
j fant of John and Lizzie McEntee of ccl
: Elizabeth street, was accidentally pois
j oned by it? mother under circumstances
I of a peculiarly distressing character.
The child was taken sick with a bron
; chial affection and the mother obtained
! two bottles of drugs from the Pacific
: Dispensary attached to * the Children a
Hospital. One bottle contained medicine
i to be taken internally and the other a
preparation to be Inhaled and containing
a strong corrosive poison as one of its
principal ingredients. The mother placed
both bottles on a table, and when she
found it necessary to give the child some
medicine to quiet it she inadvertently
took the wrong bottle and gave the child
a teaspoonful.
When she discovered her error she has
tily summoned Dr. James V. Hughes, but
when he arrived he saw that it would
be impossible to save the sufferer. The
baby died at half past 9 o'clock on Fri
day night. The Coroner was notified yes
terday and allowed the body to remain in
the house. . •
What adds to the distress of the par- i
ents is the fact that this is the third of
their children that lias died within four
months. The two others had been car
ried away by pneumonia. •
Funeral of Mrs. Coney.
The funeral of Mrs. Margaret Coney,
wife of E. K. Coney, Consul General for
Mexico at this port, took *rla<**« ""-'ester
day ' morning from the late residence oi
the deceased.' 1562 Post street. The cor
tege left the house at 10 o'clock and pro
ceeded to St. Mary's Cathedral on van
Ness avenue, where a solemn funeral una-*
was celebrated. The body was lnterreci
in Holy Cross Cemetery. The # pallbearer*»
were Jose Godoy. secretary of the /?„_ta
can Legation at "Washington: -Jose cost.*.
Consul for Uruguay: Gustavo I _^__- .
lean Vice Consul at thl_\J--<s?^*w7T--a._a'"*"
Jr., Consul for the Argentine Republic*.
Hon. Gaston Strauss. Dr. J. E. Artiguez
and A. de le Torre Jr.. R. Nleto and A.
Montero, from the Juarez Guard.
A Stolen Carrier Pigeon.
A carrier pigeon, its leg band marked
"1216 F. W. R.," fell exhausted on the
Steeplechase building, at Eighth and
Market streets, on Friday at 11 o'clock,
and was accidentally killed while strug
gling to escape friendly hands. It bore
no message. The pigeon was one
of a pair which was taken off
an Oakland boat by unknown
persons while in transit to Oakland in
August, 1397. and was the property of H.
C. Worth. 1310 Golden Gate avenue, this
city. It is supposed that the pigeons
were kept in confinement. -Turing the time
elapsing, and escaping on Friday endeav
ored to fly home, as the male. No. 916, was
found by Mr. Worth fighting to gain pos
session of his old perch, and the female.
No. 1216, weakened by long confinement,
was forced to rest after the fly across the
bay, and was caught and accidentally
killed.
Park Music To-day.
Overture, "Pique Dame" ..Suppa
"DanK of the Russian Peasant"... Ascher
Scenes from "Carmen" ..". Bizet
l>1>l!e. "Monastery . Bells' ' ;. Wely
Grand scene, "Benediction of the Poign
ards" Meyerbeer
Overture, "Raymond" Thomas
Clarinet solo, fantasie from "Lucrecla Bor
gia" Maveur
E. XV. Kent.
Entr'act. "Cope! ia" Dellbes
Descriptive, "A Hunt ln the Black Forest" .
Voelker
"Kansa3 Two Step"... Pryor
" THE CREDIT HO USE" \
Six Stories High *
\ . Handsome, frame-back]
Handsome, frame-back
; Divan. Mahogany finish;^
; covered with tasty colored)
; velour; well upholstered!
! spring seat. |
j Room for two to enjoy
a comfortable chat. $6.85 '•
! Similar divans, inlaid, $20 to $25.' i
I Nearly an entire floor of furniture for j
•the parlor. A beautiful exhibit in de- 1
[sign, rare woods and finish. ]
j Art in the bedroom— Mitchellne bed-|
> spreads— a novelty in two color spreads
that will beautify and make the bed-
•room more inviting. Extra quality in!
; blue, pink and lemon effects:.. .....S/. 75 j
I CARPET DEPARTMENT j
I Our carpet sewing machine, of 3000'
i yards capacity per day, doing better!
I work than hand sewing enables us to
J sell cheaply and deliver promptly.
j Electric ingrains in .'servicable pat-
items, lined and laid in -your room,
I ready to walk on, 25 cts a yard. j
jl ■'..'>' Free delivery. Oakland. Alameda. Berkeley '
I M, FRIEDMAN <£ CO., \
j 233 to 237 Post St.
I Open evenings * .Near Stockton !Host 0 orgeo us
Chinese Pageant
Ever Witnessed
an San Francisco.
.Some of the Ori
ent a 1 see nes
[rich Form
the Spectacular
Part of Our P,p
cent Fourth of
July Procession,
o*
**ft T O matter who would gainsay it,
/\ j It must be confessed that the
I \ Chinese of San Francisco
V \ ' played the most . conspicuous
part in the procession that
marked the recent Fourth of July cele
bration. In point of numbers they were
not the strongest turnout in tho line,
but, spectacularly, they were far and
away, above every other, the moat
magnificent body. The people of this
city do not as a rule go into raptures
over things Celestial, but as the pig
tailed paraders passed in review, in all
the glory of rich trap] and bold
color, expressions of admiration were
forced from every lip along the route.
For a moment, at any rate, as the .
slangy have it, the Chinese were it. ;£
On previous occasions, when the na
tives of the Flowery Kingdom were
asked to participate in public specta
cles— which asking was rare— they took
part in a shy, tentative sort of way.
Long years of neighboring with the
citizens of San Francisco had taught
them the lesson that the more they
kept to themselves the better off they
were. The consequence was. always,
when they turned out in parade, they
were few in numbers and poor In show.
This year, how* different! It seemed
as if some modern Aladdin had rubbed
his lamp and there had issued out of
the squalor of the little China above
Kearny street a procession of genii
bearing precious gifts.
it was wonderful, but no Aladdin
had brought it about Ho Vow, Con-
Bui General of his imperial Chinese
Majesty, was the magician that ef
fected the transformation and made
the procession possible. He rubbed no
battered lamp, as did his countryman
In the wondrous tale, but he did the
things that a sensible man must do in
this waning nineteenth century to
bring about desired results. He put
his should) to the wheel — which would
be considered undignified for a man of
his station if the posture wasn't merely
metaphorical — and the Chinese pro
cession began to move. That was all
the magic there was In it, but the re
sult was just as wonderful, as far as
Ban Franciscans are concerned, as if
all the genii of all the Arabian tales
had been summoned to th task.
Knowing the predilections of his
countrymen as he did. Ho Sow had not
such a difficult task as one might sup
pose. The Celestials, above everything
else, love a procession. It is about all
the enjoyment they have outside* of fan
tan and firecrackers and a drama
pitched forever in a perennial falsetto.
From their earliest infancy they are
taught to look upon a procession as the
one evidence of mundane magnificence.
They axe born, and there isa procea^
THE CALL
SUNDAY MAGAZINE SECTION
SAN FRANCISCO
SUNDAY JULY 16 1899
sion; they marry, there if* another;
they die, there is still another— the size
and splendor of each depending en
tirely upon the worldly wealth of the
person honored by it. On the feast days
of the lanterns and the boats and the
flowers there are processions; there are
processions for the gods and proces
sions for the devils, of which there are
unnumbered legions in China; the Em
perors are forever giving processions;
every time a dignitary, big or little,
happens along, he brings his proces
sion, and the Chinese who is not a part
of it manages, at least as a spectator,
to keep up with the procession.
All this training and knowledge and
love of -pageantry the local Chinese
were induced by their Consul General
to combine to make a showing in the
Fourth of July procession. He sent
•word among the merchants of China-
town and the various associations that
now was their chance to make a good
impression. lis advice was received
with enthusiasm by all. by none more
so than the parlor of the Native Sons
of the Golden State, an imitation in
yellow of the white organization of
similar name. It is made up of native
born sons of subjects of his Chinese
majesty. They jumped at the chance
and. set to work .with a will. They
spent money right and left, encourag
ing others by their example to do like
wise.
The result must have exceeded their
expectations, although the* say it is
nothing to what they can do now that
they know that their efforts will not
be frowned upon. It absolutely dazed
the American beholder and paled into
comparative significance everything
els" in lino.
The very position the Chinese page
ant held in the procession aided great
ly to heighten the effect. As was usual,
the despised race was given the fag
i nd of the line, to which place the pov
erty of their former displays had cer
tainly pointed them out. The conse
nuence was that, after the spectators
had watched the moving mass of sol
diers and sailors, gay coated bands,
native sons in regalia, cadets in natty
uniforms, squadrons of cavalry and
batteries of artillery, they were fully
prepared to believe that the best- of it
had passed. They were tired of stand-
Ing, crowded, almost surfeited and non
receptlve. They heard the squeaking*
of the approaching Chinese clarinets
and they prepared to have their teeth
set on edge with the sounds, and their
eyes assaulted with the sight of a non
descript pi-, tailed procession.
The vanguard passed and with It the
apatiy of the. spectators. Once again
they were on the gui vive, as when the
head of the parade hove into sight. A
revelation in color and glory had sud
denly burst upon their vision, the work
of Magician Ho Tow, Stalwart bear
ers, carrying a gorgeous silken carpet,
preceded the native sons in costly blue
and pleasing violet, in gorgeous cap
and buskin. Next came, still more gaily
clad dignitaries on horseback, follow
1. - long trailing dragon flags, then
others and others; groups of soldiers,
troops of runners, floats railed in with
heavy carvings of ebony and ivory,
upon which were the baby flowers of
Chinese families, arrayed in holiday
garb of .surpassing richness. More war
riors with strange banners, more car
pets, more flags trailed past, then came
the fantastically dressed actors and
Shintu priests, in palanquins, with
, coolies staggering under the weight of
portable shrines; more bands, more
warriors and then the great dragon,
rampant, writhing, menacing, like one
of those figures that mark the end of
a highly illuminated novel. It, too.
marked the end of a gorgeous moving
tale. : :.'■:, ."
And so the Chinese procession nassed
in all its kal«*>"<" c copic beauty— passed
into history as the most wonderful pa
geant ever seen on the streets of Sai
Francisco.
»_22
... AN AMERICAN JOURNALIST AT THE PEACE CONFERENCE ...
THIS article is the result of a special
journey made to The Hague by Ed
ward Marshall, the well-known war
correspondent, Mr. Marshall's In
troductions and close personal ac
quaintance with the American dc_ega.es
afforded him many facilities not off-red
to other men who went to the peace coiv
ference to write, It will l"- remembered
that during the Spanish war in Cuba he
was so terribly wounded that he has prac
tically 'is: the use of his limbs, and this
Journey to The Hague (heroic in the cir
cumstances) was the first important en
terprise which he has been able to under
take since his dreadful experience on the
battle-field. He was admitted to the Pal
ace In til" Woods through special ar
rangements made by the Dutch Govern
ment and was accompanied while there
by a representative of Holland's little
Queen, while a detail of Dutch soldiers
v. as told oft to give him such physical
assistance as was necessary In getting
about the building. During his stay in
The Hague he was photographed at the
special request of the Czar. Mr. Mar
shall's wide experience In European cor
respondence, his broad Information and
bis personal acquaintance with the dele
gates make this article of more than or
dinal*) value.
Til HAGUE, Jul C— Every Important
nation represented at the Peace Confer
ence. excepting only Germany, had a war
on Its hands when iis delegates talked
peace. Tbe United States was fighting in
the Philippines. France was lighting in
Algeria ar.d had by no means secured
peace In Madagascar. England is never
without its little wars in India and in
other of Its colonial possessions. JtusFJa
Inside of three weeks bad threcjsmn.ll in-
Burrettlqns to put down and was fighting
the natives In Chi-i-i. Holland for twenty*
five yortf. has been conducting a war in
Sumatra. While the I-'rench delegates sat
and calm.: discussed means of wiping
out liiteri.-itional warfare some of ;he.
most influential and prominent of their
countrymen in Paris were trying to over
throw the republic at home, and Presi
dent l-oubet found it necessary to call
out 15.000 soldiers to guard him while be
drove less than five miles to a racetrack.
Besides*, these actual warlike disturb
ances there rose on the horizon a blade
cloud Indicative of an armed struggle
between the English Government and the
His In South Africa— a cloud which has
by no meiins been dispelled as yet.
Certainly there was reason for the
meeting of the hundred men who went
to The Hague to tall of peace. Ten
times their number, while they sat In
conclave there, were busy in their re
spective nations planning *.*.'.■.".
To an American layman among the
delegates it was Intensely impressive to
reflect cii the change In the position of
the United States in the family of >. a
tiers which the Spanish-American war
lias brought about, I have been much
In Europe and much with European
diplomats. 1 know that while their
feeling toward America has, in l):»
past, been friendly enough, they etill
failed to take us seriously. It did not
occur to them thai we were a people
likely to either help or binder their
plans. If the peace conference had
been called a year ago and our gates
had attended they would have been
treated courteously, but their opinions
would have bad little weight in tiie de
liberations of the body. As it was, An
drew D. White, Seth Low, Captain Ma
ban. Frederick D. Holls and Captain Cro
sier formed a group which was really the
center of Interest around which the
peace conference revolved. Not even the
Russian delegates, representing the mon
arch who called the conference, were re
garded by the others with the interest
, shown in the Americans.
The first question asked by a European
delegate, who bad something to propose,
was not what will Russia think of It, or
what will Germany think of it, or what
will Francs think .if it, but what will the
I": it- a States think of it?
Another interesting result of the war
was the absolute unimportance of the
Spanish delegation. Poor, broken Spain.
Her haughty hidalgos received no more
consideration than did the delegates from
'.via or Slam. As they left the door of
their apartment ln the Hotel VTeus Doe
leu they saw in the little flag nailed on
another door, almost adjoining, the sym
bol of the nation which rose through their
fall, and they went quietly to the sessions
: entirely bereft of the pompous self-im
portance which, In all tint - gone by has
marked the conduct of the Spaniard on
-uch occasions.
Spain alone of all the nations represent-
Ed, made not one single proposition to the
conference during me first three weeks of
Its existence. Even little Servla had a
message to the conference, but poor
Spain, disheartened and bowed down, did
naught but listen.
The dining room of the Hotel Vieux
Doelen is a superb apartment with a ceil
ing about forty feet from its high' pol
ished hard wood floor. At any time from
8 to 10 o'clock in the morning one of its
small tables was likely to be occupied by
one or more of the men who came here
from the land of the Stars and Stripes.
Mr. White, delicate and fragile in appear
ance, with the deep-set eyes of the pene
trating thinker, with the whitened hair
which is as much the result of unremit
ting mental toll as it Is of age, made the
final plans of the delegation's work while
he ate his simple breakfast. Mr. Holls,
tall, fat; bald-headed, good-natured, read
the amazing mail which poured in to him
as the American secretary while he
drank coffee and munched his Dutch rolls.
Captain Mahan and Captain Crozler fre
quently ate together while the secretaries
and employes of the delegation occupied
another table. The elaborate respect.
which gates from other countries
showed to the Americans was much
greater than the careful courtesy which
men of their stamp would naturally ex
hibit toward each other.
The Russians would how pleasantly to
the German del- gates, but nothing more.
and vice versa. When, however, either
passed th' American delegates or met
them in the smoking room] the salute was
sure. to be not only pleasant but profound]
The mi rica . s went to Th - Hague in
structed to try to nring about a perma
nent hoard of arbitration maoe up of
members of the state departments of -all
nations; to bring about the abolition of
privateering on the high -• as during war.
the neutralization of all floating property
owned |o- private owners and not by bel
ligerent governments, ar.d the measure
mi -■; of Indemnity; not by the nations at
warfare, but he- a jury of the other na
tions. [Joy many of these things were
pitched will be definitely known by
the time this article is printed, for this
congress will probably have adjourned by
then and the ocean telegraph will have
told the story of its closing work. But the
inside tale of how that work was done Is
never likely to be told in full, although
some interesting details can be given here.
The secrecy which was decided upon
at.il widely criticized was an absolute
necessity. The admission of working
newspaper representatives to the ses
sions of the conference would undoubt
edly have prevented the accomplish
ment of anything whatever.
There were many misunderstanding?
and mistaken reports concerning the
matter of press representatives. There
were no objections whatever to the
presence of journalists at the opening
session of the conference, but the hall
in which the meeting was held was ab
solutely crowded merely by the delegates
themselves. Their secretaries and other
employes literally could not find stand
ing room. Sixty feet above the floor of
the hall, under the very top of a dome,
is a little circular gallery. This furnishes
crowded sitting room for about eight peo
ple, and is the only place from which
the interior of the hall can be seen. It
was decided to offer this gallery to as
many journalists as could get Into It, and
the Dutch Government, which had charge
of the arrangements, out of courtesy tc
the delegates, settled upon the plan of
admitting one newspaper representative
for each of the important countries. It
was, owing to this plan, which the crow.l.
*3*»a— __- - - -_ —
THE SAN FI-ANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 16, 1599.
EDWARD MARSHALL, THE GREAT WAR CORRE
SPONDENT, GIVES A MOST INTERESTING AC
COUNT OF THIS REMARKABLE CONVEN
TION OPPORTUNITY FOR PUBLIC
OPINION TO SUBSTITUTE AR
BITRATION FOR WAR.
AMERICA ABLY REP
RESENTED.
Ed condition of the hall made absolutely
necessary; that the amusing tale was pub
lished, saying that certain newspapers
had been solemnly sell -1 by the confer;
once as the representative journals in
their respective count -. After the first
day I was he on!* newspaper man ad
mitted to the Palace in the Woo Is. and
I vas not admitted as a working jour
nalist.
The general belief was. when the con
ference began; that England and the
United Stat. would work absolutely
in harmony. They did to si me extent
support each other,' a propositions, but it
was against the will' of England that the
American plan of arbitration nd me na
tion was selected by the conference as
the one to he most, carefully considered.
Three plans were submitted— one by
America; one by Russia and one by Eng
land
... ..VI.
The idta of disarmament was promptly
abandoned as Impracticable It Instantly
became apparent that not one delegato
had taken this proposition seriously, and
the conference did not even take time to
discuss it in committee. It was in these
committee meetings and not in the ses
sions of the conference that the real work
was accomplished.
It was In one of the first committee
meetings that the delegates for these
European countries which bad endeavored
to conspire against us at the time of the
Spanish-American war showed their hos
tile hands for the first and last time. At
this meeting it became evident that cer
tain governments intended to take ad
vantage of the peace conference ■ to clip
the wings of the American eagle. Within
the year they had been taught that these
wings were mighty and were capable of
carrying the interesting bird not only
from ocean to ocean in his own dominion,
but wherever else he pleased to soar. This
effort on the part of Europeans to prevent
future American flights came in the shape
of a blow at America's Nicaragua canal
plan. There Is no American enterprise at
which Europe looks with more suspicion
and dread than she does at the probabil
ity of complete American control of this
proposed water highway between the two
great oceans. It fell to the lot of Freder
ick H. Holls. the secretary of the Ameri
can delegation, to discover a little Joker
in one of the propositions submitted which
might have resulted seriously. This joker
was a passage adroitly and diplomatically
■worfjod which provided for .nothing less
• — J——. —- I v
than control by a committee of the pow
ers of all interoceanic canals in time of
war. Mr. Holls so completely and vigor
ously shattered tins bright European
dream that Europe could no longer doubt
'■■ ability of our delegates to look after
the affairs or doubt the positive certainty
of a firm stand on the part of the United
State: against anything which might in
the slightest degree prove contrary to the
interests of America.
The greatest secrecy was maintained
throughout concerning the plans of the
conference in relation to a revision of
the rules of actual warfare. Early in the
private -. -sip of the delegates came talk
about a, sensational possibility. It -—*
very generally believed by some that the
actions of Spain during the war in Cuba
would be carefully investigated by the
conference and that some of her viola
tions of the accepted rules of warfare
would be proved by testimony, which
would form the basis for new regula
tions. The fact that Spanish officers, high
ln command, ordered their troops to lire
on our Red Cross flags, that attacks had
been made on our wounded as they were
taken from f"ie battlefields, and that the
Red cress flag had been used by the
Spaniards as a mask for their batteries,
was freely commented on. The possibil
ity that I myself might be called as a
witness was early suggested by two mem
bers of one of the European delegations.
Th.- American delegation, however, imme
diately saw the Inadvisability of intro
ducing any such note of discord Into the
conference, and it was decided, in con
sequence, to avoid action of any kind
along these lines, although the delegates
all realized the necessity of some com
paratively immediate congress at which
these matters could be discussed. This
it was that gave rise to the announce
ment that a second Geneva conference
would be one of the prompt results of the
congress at The Hague.
The work of the American delegates was
never finished. It began with the rising
of the sun and ceased not with its going
down. It was the impression of many
delegates, as well as laymen, before the
conference began, that the gathering
■would be a junket, but the preponder
ence of serious design among the Ameri
can, English and Russian delegates be
came instantly apparent when the con
ference met. The English and American
delegates had evidently gone to Th*
Hague with the dignified and earnest In
tention of accomplishing something along
the lines which the Czar had laid down.
The German delegation had as evidently
gone there with the firm intention of pre
venting any useful work in these direc
tions. The Russian delegation was of
course desirous of glorifying their ruler.
The appointment by Emperor William of
Stengel, an avowed and recorded advocate
of war, was much m re seriously regard
ed by th- delegates of other countries
... ...
than they permitted the journalists to
know. This appointment, with certain ac
tions on the part of the German delegates,
quickly outlined the Emperor's policy of
obstruction. If by the time this article
appears in print some of the larger plans
of the other participating powers, notably
the establishment of a permanent board
of arbitration and mediation, have not
been finally adopted, it will have been
purely because of Germany's hindrance.
The plans of no delegation were more
frequently interfered with by Germany
than those of the able gentlemen who
represented the United States.
Russia's attitude was, of course, in
tensely interesting. It Is not likely that
any of the delegates believed entirely In
the absolute sincerity of the great "Whits
Czar. who. sitting in his palace in St.
Petersburg, had spoken through the
mouth of Count Moravleff, his Prime Min
ister. It was impossible that the Czar
should believe that all his lovely dreams
of boundary lines marked by olive
branches and loving white dove? as inter-
Italian messengers could be realized
in truth.
With all due respect for and much ad
miration of the Emperor of all the Rus
sias, it may be readily believed that his
letter to the nations Inviting the peace
conference was induced much more by a
desire to hide Russian grabs in China and
outrageous Russian oppression in Fin
land; to counteract the effect of Tolstoi's
campaign In behalf of the Russian Quak
ers and against compulsory military ser
vice, and to generally hoodwink the
world's diplomatists and politicians, than
to bring about the disbandment or* armies
and the cessation of war. But Russian
sleeves are large and commodious and af
ford much room for side issues. Up the
sleeve of the Czar was the realization that
whether or not his peace conference man
ifesto resulted in bringing about the po
litical ends which have been mentioned,
it could still scarcely fail to redound to
his own credit. What spectacle could be
lovelier than that of this reformed ruler
in his new role of the universal peace
maker?
The sessions of the conference In the
Palace of the Woods were interesting to
watch, because of their absolute lack of
formality. It might have been expected
that ihis gathering of diplomatists would
be the most formal of all bodies ln Its
procedure, but the choice of M. de Stael,
the head of the Russian delegation, as
president made this possible. De Stael
Is a weazened little old man with a ten
dency toward doddering on his legs. But
despite his age he has no tendency toward
senility in his mind. He exhibited, how
ever, some unique and eccentric Ideas of
the duties of a presiding officer. He opened
the sessions by striking his desk a gentle
rap with the gavel. There was no prayer,
there were no opening exercises whatever
except this wooden mallet's blow. Then
he sat down and left the delegates to
their own devices. There was no "getting
the floor," there were no parliamentary
practices at all. The delegates simply
talked in French, with an occasional lapse
Into their native tongues. At times, un
der this system, the conference became
a perfect Babel.
None of the sessions were lengthy, and
the way in which they were terminated
was quite as unique as the manner In
which they were opened. M. de Stael
would quietly slip out of his chair and
go away. Sometimes this merely meant
that he wished to speak to a delegate on
the floor or visit a committee room. But
if it chanced that he thought that the
gates had talked enough he did not
return. Of course, it was impossible for
the delegates to know if his absence was
to be brief or permanent without waiting
for him to come back. If. after waiting
for him a reasonable time De Stael did
not reappear, the delegates went home.
Votes were taken in the simplest man
ner possible. A motion having been read,
De Stael asked the delegates if they liked
It. Some of them said yes, some of them
■said no. De Stael gave a fairly close
guess as to the number on each side and
the fate of the motion was decided. Such
was the procedure of the Peace Confer
ence from the beginning.
There was as little ceremony about the
way In which the delegates were treated
by "the Dutch Government as there was
about the way in which they conducted
their deliberations. 'One or two official
receptions and dinners at which Holland's
charming little Queen played her part
pleasantly, as she ever does, constituted
all the official entertaining. There were
few exchanges of social visits between the
delegates.
The quarters of the American delega
tion at the Hotel Vieux-Doelen were ele
gant and commodious. It is one of the
most extraordinary structures in Europe
and dates back to about 1470. It Is at the
same time, however, much better man
aged and equipped than most European
hotels. In view of the coming of the
American delegation its owner bought a
large adjoining residence, which he
turned over entirely to our representa
tives, giving them their own entrance and
at the same time connecting them by
means of new doors and new corridors'
with the body of the hotel proper. The
rooms were furnished in the florid gold
and red which is likely to prevail wher
ever a Dutchman thinks elegance Is nec
essary. For some reason Seth Low did
not take advantage of these fine quar
ters, but went alone to the Hotel Belle
Bue, where Mrs. Low joined htm shortly
after the session of the conference be
gan.
The complete apathy of the Dutch pub-
He concerning the doings and personality
of the peace delegates was quite as sur
prising as their own lack of ceremony in
conducting the conference. Only one dele
gate went habitually to the sessions of
the conference in uniform and he,
strangely enough, was Captain < rozier,
the American attache. I believe, although
I am not certain, that some regulation
of the service made it necessary for him
to wear the sober and impressive uniform
of the United States army at the ses
sions of the conference. The Czar sent
a special photographer to The Hague for
the purpose of making pictures of the
defeffi for a great album to be kept
n the winter palace at St. Petersburg
When this photographer was at work the
foreign delegates made bright "£» J*
color in the courtyard of the \ ieux-Doe
len. Characteristic uniforms covered with
decorations and bedecked with gold lac*
appeared by the dozen, but the moment
the photographer went away the infor
mal dress which was worn at the ses
sions of the conference vt is immediately
resumed. The only decorr ions indicating
that a great international gathering was
in session at The Hague were the dozen
or so of flags whose gorgeous folds draped
impressively against the old red of the
bricks in the Hotel Vieux-Doelen's front.
They were the flags of the delegations
quartered there.
The coming of the delegates from all
parts of the earth on their tremendous
mission attracted no attention whatever
from the lay citizens of this picturesque
military ridden, gin besotten, beautiful old
town. During all my stay here I have
seen practically no manifestation of any
interest in the presence of the delegates.
A company of stupid faced Dutch sol
diers, tight trousered and Scotch capped,
with a discordant band at its head, never
failed to draw the people of Gravenha
gen from their homes and their business
places in curious mobs. But during my
stay at The Hague I have not at one
time seen more than a dozen people gath
ered to watch the delegates or do honor
to the conference.
Whatever happens before the conference
adjourns, whatever results are achieved
by it. whatever failures mark its sessions,
whatever successes are its record, the
United States of America may feel per
fectly certain that Its interests have been
guarded carefully, that its dignity has
been preserved and that its influence on
this most importnt international move
ment has been felt as strongly, if not
more strongly, than that of any other
nation represented.
While I am writing this it looks as If
practical provision for mediation and ar
bitration will really be incorporated into
international law. Hon. Seth Low. whose
influence toward good international gov
ernment has been*-exerted at The Hague
with as much earnestness as he ever ex*
erted toward the promulgation of his
ideas of government in municipal. State
or national matters at home, expressed to
me this opinion.
"It must be by the route of mediation
and arbitration that will recognize the •-.
terdependence of nations that the world
will progress toward the poet's dream of
the parliament of man. In the meanwhile
I think the steps likely to be taken will
depend so entirely on the voluntary ac
tions of the nations that no reaction is
to be dreaded. In other words. I think we
Shall give popular opinion a chance eas
ily to substitute arbitration for war, and
this being done, public opinion must do
the rest.
With, as the member of Its delegation
next most important to Andrew D. White
:ts chairman, a _» with ideas
as simple and as sensible o!
these America would need to ha ? 2
no^fear^-of the record she would
make at the peace conference
out the all-seeing and all-manaline lß_2]
retary Holls, without the greatest __t_t
expert In the world. Captain vl.rJef-r 1
Mahan.. and without the ' intlm _tV k-nL V
edge of military affaire possessed ?»|BS_s_
tain Willanf F. Crozier it f« im»2,- C iW"
to doubt that the _.n#Siii- '-"P?" 1 * 5 ' 13
taken from the first by the '«««%
British delegations 1 had done "mo?f\h22
any other one thing to save the confer
ence from practical failure conrer-
EDWARD MARSHAL!*BOTH ACTOR CLEVER WORK OF A TALENTED PLAYER. AND ARTIST
GUY STANDING OF
THE MILLER COMPANY
ON very few of us mortals has fate
bestowed the precious gifts nec
essary to the making of a true
artist in any one line. On fewer
yet have been bestowed those
gifts which make persons true artists in
more than one. A man or woman may
be a fine pi et cr a fine musician, but
may very rarely — almost never— be
both. So it Is that to be a really good
actor, and yet attain excellence in an
other line of an entirely dissimilar na
ture Is a distinction so rarely met with
as to be looked upon, when the com
bination is discovered, as partaking of
the nature of a surprise.
Guy Standing, the well-known actor,
now playing with the Henry Miller
Company at the Columbia, gives this
surprise to all who are privileged to
meet him in private life as well as see
him In the exercise of what is osten
sibly his chosen profession.
On the stage Mr. Standing delineates
character and personality in order to
procure the loaves and fishes and the
few other things that are necessary to
the existence qf a gentleman of refined
tastes and generous ideas. In hfs leis
ure hours he paints nature In her vari
ous moods and such of the handiwork
RILEY GRANNAN AGAIN WINS FAME AND FORTUNE
,-, FTER two years of "retirement,"
Y~\ which has probably been spent in
r"j[ gathering together the scattered
remnants of a shattered fortune,
Riley Grannan returns to the track and
wins fame again — and another fortune.
Those of our readers who follow the
sporting columns, first heard of him
this season In Europe when he won
sensational amounts in pounds sterling.
Then he came back, modestly told all
about it, showed his roll of something
under a million and settled down to bet
again.
Settled down! Let the term stand.
It best describes Grannan's long, easy
loping attitude, his boyish lounge on
settee or In chair, his stride of the
seat when, in interested moments, he
tells you how he did it!
Riley Grannan, with a rollicking
• Irish name as his only introduction,
came north from Paris, Kentucky,
when he was only 12 years old; and, as
he himself expressed it, has been
"knocking about with horses" nearly
ever since. His first regular start to
ward his present position was when
Botay, who la well known, especially
ln the West, as a man who "ran a
shoestring up into a bank roll," gave
him a position, and when he was 20
years old, or nine years ago, he
branched out as a full-fledged book
maker, bent on a mission of enlighten
ing the racing world.
And enlighten it he did! He made
beta with every one who had a dollar to
put up and he was as cordial to the $2
bettor as to M. F. Dwyer in the latter's
big days. A full account of his gam
PALMISTRY. !
BABY BLUE EYES— Your tiny palm
shows wit and determination, with a
spice of temper thrown ln. You are sub
ject to little tantrums. Will have to be
strictly trained.
EDWARD D. V., Stockton— You have
been In litigation for the last ten years;
have made money in mines, but have
lost most of it. You will take a long
Journey at 38 and begin life anew.
MRS. A. J. M ALLOY, Petaluma—
Your life has been one of care and disap
pointments. Your children, as well as
your husband, have caused you sorrow.
You are energetic and will succeed—bet
ter outlook next year.
FRANCES _ No. 454, Alameda—
would make a good schoolteacher; are
masterful by nature and firm in your
rule. You will never marry because of
family troubles.
LADY MARGUERITE, Palo Alto—
have a bright, active brain, and have
made good use of it. Will succeed ln a
literary career. The death of --our father
Interfered with your prospects for a time;
all will yet be well.
MRS. DORA R., Gila Bend— This is the
hand of a good, careful helpmeet •■ one
who would do her duty to the last; a
woman of courage and daring. Some
times it would be better if you weighed
matters before acting. Better financial
outlook between 45 and 50.
MR. COAKLEY— You have worked hard
but have had poor financial results. There
was an Irregular Influence in your life
which made quite an impression. One
marriage.
MRS. A. COAKLEY— The hand of a
hard-working, devoted mother; one who
of mortals as appeals to his sense of
the picturesque and the beautiful; and
he paints for sheer love of art, and not
for profit or prizes or the praise of
men; and, moreover, he paints well.
It is only during the past three
or four years that Mr. Standing has
done really seri is work, though from
childhood he has used pencil and brush
cleverly, without pursuing any special
method or having any special object in
view except the amusement of the mo
ment.
He has, however, exhibited pictures
both in England and Australia, and
has thus become well and favorably
known to the artistic world of both
those countries. As a child, though the
despair of the drawing teacher whose
duty it was to instruct him and his
schoolmates in the mysteries of draw
ing lines and circles and cubes and par
allelograms and the like, he was
continually endeavoring with his un
skilled little fingers to reproduce on
paper such objects and scenes as im
pressed his childish fancy; and he de
clares now that he really learned mora
through his failures and persistent ex*
bling transactions has not been pre
served.
To induce Grannan to talk to you of
his betting, if you approach him in the
right spirit, is not difficult, for there
is absolutely nothing of the "nouveau
riche" about the man. But it is im
possible to record all he tells you. His
ups and downs have been as the sands
of the sea. To him life seems to hold
no rest from the perpetual unquiet of
the betting ring and the feverish ex
citement of the gambler. Beneath the
native shyness and reticence of the man
this spirit crops out, and he is aware of
it himself.
"I like to gamble," Is a phrase he uses
repeatedly, as if seeking some self-jus
tification.
A friend says of him: "He seems to
wish to impress one that he must bet;
that it is second nature to him, and
that he is to he no more blamed for
risking his money than he is for eating.
— and there cannot be too big a B to
his 'but' — is a huge difference be
tween him and the ordinary book
maker and betting man. He believes in
the honesty of racing. He does not see
a fraud in every race, and this is the
foundation of his speculations. He
backs horses on his own opinions. An
owner may— frequently does— tell him
that his horse is not fit. If Riley Gran
nan thinks that horse can win he backs
him, in spite of what the owner or
trainer has said."
Details might be given of many Indi
vidual bets which Riley Grannan has
made. He lost $10,000 on Gloaming one
day and $3000 on a steeplechase the
same day. Pepper brought $12,000 into
his coffers; The Commoner won him
$10,000. He also won $40,000 the day
following.
An authority on the track says: "He
t x T T T T TTTT *rVTV-*r*T^ V V V V T V V V V V V V V V V V V V TT V V T~T *T T T T T T T ttttttt XX T x t t t t t t t x t - t t t » . . , ...... _.
— &• —,___) _"____* STOET I3ST TTOXn- _Z—._T—>. '■*■"*— :
would den herself anything for the good
of her children, two of whom will amply
reward her.
LILLIE COAKLEY— Your hand Is well
lined, but the print is so poor that I can
give you no details.
FLOSSE C, City— lf you apply yourself
you will become a literary character of
prominence. You must not allow yourself
to grow selfish and visionary. Exercise
in the open air as much as possible.
. O- E. This person will travel much,
but will never encounter any serious acci
dent, either by land or water. There will
only be one marriage.
ELSIE from Chelsea— and you
v.'ill make much of your talent, spite
of all obstacles. You are apt to take
things too much to heart, Be careful of
your health.
DOTTIE JUGGLES— is a nervous,
impulsive nature: too intense in affec
tions; jealous and fearful. You will have
money left to you early in life through
the death of a relative.
KATIE P. Your nature is essentially
devout, although you are fond of forms
and ceremonies. A serious break is shown
on the life line at an early age. You are
not a robust Individual.
MISS BEATRICE _ Mission street—
You hj*,ve a nervous, sensitive, worrying
temperament, Inclined to take too much
thought for the future. You are emo
tional and are susceptible along the line
of your affection.
MISS GOOD LUCK, A. Your palm
Indicates a .itrong- willed, determined na
ture, inclined to be visionary at times,
but practical in the main. You will mar
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI__L, SUNDAY, JULY 16, 1899.
"$25,000 the biggest loss I ever made."
.-'-:-.-■.. ■'-•
ry twice and rule your husband in both
Instances.
MISS _ Los Angeles— Is impossible
to give a reading from the free hand
drawing which you sent. A picture of the
hand must be taken from smoked impres
sions or by a photograph.
MRS. JESS, Alameda— You are broad
minded and Independent in your mode of
thought. You are careful and economi
cal in your expenditures; neat and
methodical. Twice during life you will
narrowly escape death.
B. W. J., Alameda— life has been
crowned with good luck. Having an ex
cellent physique and good temper, you
have made the most of life. You will
contract one marriage a happy one— and
have five children. You will go abroad
shortly.
DOLORES H., Stockton— You have been
the victim of an illness which has render
ed your life miserable. You have had
epileptic attacks for six years. You will
travel and the changes will improve your
health. You will not marry and lt is bet
ter so. ~-
A. SMITH, Perseverance, In
dustry and will-power are shown in your
palm. You are broad-minded and have a
wealth of common sense. You will marry '
only once and will have two children.
Success In a mercantile line awaits you.
STELLA _ San Jose Tfou ere inclined
to be proud and arrogant ou have pow
er, and wish to reign wherever you are.
You will marry well.
MISS BEATRICE, ' Sonoma— Your hand
denotes an application of refined ideas.
and a consideration for personal appear
ance. You would be considered vain, in
fact. You will have domestic difficulties
in your married life, which will be a brief
one. : ■-?■'::<-'■ v..^
MASTER A. B. C, Fort Bragg—
young man will be a famed child of for
tune. He will inherit money from two
different sources, once at 21 and again at
28.
CHIQUITA— This Is an easy going per
son, fond of social life, but with a keen
appreciation of evil. One who will never
know trouble and will have a long life.
MISS FLORENCE GADSBY— Is a
changeable and restless nature. You have
seen a good deal of the world and will see
much more.
MISS ARABELLA SCOTT— Your life
has been more fortunate than the aver
age. You married advantageously, and I
see no heavy sorrow Impending for you.
MAY DAY, Benlcia— You will have a
very eventful life, which will have many
lights and shadows. Unless you live more
carefully it will not be a long life. You
are careless of your health In many ways.
FLORENCE JONES, Sonoma County—
Your life has been wrecked by your un
fortunate disposition. Yon will not marry
young, but you will inherit money at 23.
L. 8., Palo Alto— You are a natural born
flirt and care very little for your con
quests. You have little pity for others*
sufferings, but time will make you kinder.
MISS PRUDENCE R. V.— You are v< ry
impulsive and highly imaginative. You
will be married early ln life and happily.
P. L. A. F.— You are a natural born
"* ***«- to garrjble."
rover and will see most of the world be
fore you die. You are very decided in
your opinions and inclined to be self
willed.
FRANK, Pinole— You have been near
death twice; once at 22 and again at 29.
You will marry and have six children and
a happy home.
MR. A. B. You are a self-made man.
You were delicate as a child, but have
grown more robust. You had few ad
vantages in early life, but have made the
best of them. A happy future.
MRS. L. O. D.— will have to take
good care of your health. Your life line
indicates a delicate constitution, but no
organic disease. Be careful of your diet
and take sufficient out of door exercise.
LA PETITE MYRTLE— You are too
easily influenced and are not as decided
as you might be. One marriage, which
will prove happy.
BARLOW GILMORE, Shingle Springs
—You are a natural born warrior; you will
hold your own whether right or wrong.
Very "determined spirit.
LITTLE GRACE— must not --tidy
bo constantly and must keep out of door*
as much as possible. You will marry at
23 and travel considerably afterward.
CLARA ROBERTS— The early part of
this life shows hardships and depriva
tions. You lack aggressiveness, but havo
many excellent qualities which will help
to make your future brighter than your
past has been. -.*.----,-- _- - " . ,
MME. MARIE LOUISE— hand
shows much Independence of spirit. You
are one who has had her share of trouble,
and one Individual especially causes you
GIVES IMPRESSIONS OF
SAN FRANCISCO
perlments than he could have done
from the best masters. A birthday
present from his father of a box of
paints turned his attention to the pos
sibilities of color, and the attention of
the family also, since- he painted any
thing and everything that came in his
■way from the family bible to the front
door so long as the pigments lasted.
Designed for the navy by his parents,
fate willed otherwise, and young Stan
ding instead entered the theatrical pro
fession at the age of 18. Being of a
nautical turn of mind, however, he was
never truly happy until fortune smiled
upon him- kindly enough to warrant
him in investing some of his spare
funds in the sole ownership of a trim
built and altogether charming yacht,
the cabin of which he has had fitted up
as an ideal studio.
On this yacht, with a congenial
friend or so, Mr. Standing spends all of
the time that he is not made a prisoner
on shore by the exactions of his dra
matic work; and there he finds opportu
nity to transfer to canvas the impres
sions received by his artistic soul.
Charles Dickson, the eminent marine
has stood to win $100,000 on a day
racing, has actually come out $40,000
ahead after losing $23,000 on one race
and nearly $20,000 on another. In a few
words he looks upon a bet of $2000 .as a
mere expression of his opinion that a
horse has a good chance. He very sel
dom bets on a horse at odds on, and
says that his loss of $10,000 on a horse
last week was the first money he had
lost this way in a very long time.
"Grannan is a young man who does
credit to the great gambling fraternity.
He is a modern evolution of the old
time, high-class gambler. Such a man
stimulates business in a ring Instead of
damaging it. He maintains the prices
and makes the public bet, and with him
booking other pencilers will handle
more money on a race than they would
without him. He may die poor—
great gamblers — but even if he
does, no one will be able to truthfully
say that he ever won money by other
than square gambling.
"It is calculated to make the ordinary
mortal gasp to talk to this tall fellow.
There, is no inclination to blow his own
trumpet, even when one is seeking to
draw him out upon what for lack of a
better word must be. called his exploits.
He mentions the loss or gain of sums
that would make a Wall-street million
aire wince with as perfect placidity as
the average bettor narrates , the come
and go of his tens or twenties."
Needless to say, his transactions have
been* vastly exaggerated. They are
every day, and will be so long as he
continues to do business on his present
scale. Hundreds have been exagger
ated into thousands, and thousands in
to tens of thousands. Talking to him
the other day, I asked whether he had
ever taken ln as much money as has
sorrow at the present time, which sorrow,
however, will not be of long duration.
ESTELLE D.— Your life line shows two
illnesses before your twentieth year. You
will marry before your twenty-second
birthday.
BEATRICE BROWN. Chlco— first
marriage will end in divorce. You are
to inherit some money at 26.
SOPHIA— You alternate too quickly be
tween ecstacy and despair. You will have
a great but not lasting disappointment in
early life and you will marry twice.
ELIZABETH R.— You are very self
reliant and determined and will realize
the cherished hopes of your life.
EMMA E.— You will marry twice and
have three children. An unfortunate at
tachment In early life will leave its im
print on your mind always.
MR. H. A., Sunol— You have worked
hard, but have not made the money that
your effori warranted. Better success
next year. ;-'..'•-■
RAYMOND, R. E., Bridgeport— You are
very practical; it is the material you
want and will have. You are constant in
affection and will marry but once.
SPOONS, Bridgeport— are broad
minded and aggressive and will have
your way whenever it is possible. Yours
will be a long life.
S. K. S., Bridgeport— are a close
skinned calculator, but are set in your
views. Your life will be quite unevent
ful.
COUNTESS CUFF, Oakv_lle— You did
not inherit a strong constitution, and you
will have to guard your health.
D. E. A., San Luis Obispo— You will
painter, is one of Mr. Standing's closest
friends, and without in the least inter
fering with his original and forceful
style, has helped to direct and give it
adequate expression.
While Mr. Standing has done some
extremely creditable and forceful work
in oils, his water colors have a distinc
tive charm, a warmth of tone, a truth
and a depth of suggestion rarely met
with in this class of work. In black
and white, particularly with the flat
and rapid drying Missini colors recent
ly brought into notice by Julian Rix
and Robert Reed, he has been strik
ingly successful, and. his yachting ar
ticles, illustrated by himself, have been
interesting features in both English
and American magazines.
Mr. Standing considers San Fran
cisco a very paradise for an artist. He
spends hours In sketching on the water
front and admiring the stately ships
gathered in our harbor, and finds de
light in the semi-tropical greenery and
picturesque scenery of our park and its
environs, and the stretch of sand
dunes along the ocean shore.
"There is," he says, "inspiration In
every ripple of the water, in every bit
of green, in every changing light and
shadow. Nature has been more than
kind to California, and a visitor who
has the artistic faculty, combined with
a true appreciation of what is best
here, must carry away a treasur-j of «
suggestive memories and wonder, illy
beautiful impressions."
. been stated over $30,000 on a certain
race out of New York.
"Why, no." he replied, laughing. *_
couldn't. There's not that much money
in the town."
"What is the largest sum you ever
stood to lose on a horse?"
After a moment's pause for reflection
Grannan replied: "Well, I think $25,
--000 I laid against Dr. Hasbrouck. and
he won, too. I lost $20,000 over Dob
bins in the same way, and those were
the two biggest losses I ever made. It
seems as if there is a limit set to the
amount I shall win. I've often got up
to a certain point, and then I always
begin to lose. Whenever I begin to bet
very big that's the time my luck fails
me." m^m
_ — , ■ ♦ ■ ■
"Where the Compass Came From.
The earliest references to the us© of the
mariner's compass are to be found in
Chinese history, from which we learn how
in the sixty-fourth year of the reign of
Hoang-tl (2634 B. C), the Emperor at
tacked Tchi-yeon, on the plans of Tchou
lou and finding his army embarrassed
by a thick fog raised by the enemy, con
structed an instrument for Indicating the
south so as to distinguish the four car
dinal points, and was thus enabled to pur
sue his adversary and capture him.
The power of the loadstone to communi
cate polarity to iron is said to be for the
first time explicitly mentioned in a Chi
nese dictionary, finished A. D. 121, where
the loadstone is defined as a stone with
which an attraction can be given to tho
11 The Chinese appear to have once navi
gated as far as India by the aid of the
compass.
* "*- ' _.
The Fourth to celebrate with fun i \
A pistol seemed the t_fest; -.-ii
He bought one for his little son, . ■*
And Willie did the rest.
[ PALMISTRY.
marry at 20. You would succeed as a
school teacher. '. ■> "* -'-*. ;..-;_*><
P. R. H., San Luis Obispo— You have
some dramatic power. You will marry
happily, but it will not be an early mar
riage.
LOUIS B. D., San Luis Obispo— You are
too easily influenced by your associate-.
You are apt to go to extremes, and should
try to practice self-reliance.
PLEASURE OF THE BOTTLE—
are very bohemian in your tastes and
care little for the opinion of others, too
little, perhaps, for your own good.
VALLEY OF THE BLEST. No. You
have a worrying, nervous temperament,
and you have had two great sorrows.
Your future folds happiness.
J H., Petaluma, No. 62— You have
plenty of daring and determination. You
came near losing your life when a young
man. A piece of good fortune is In store
for you.
MRS. EVA L., Los Angeles— Your life
has trials and disappointments, but you
will be better circumstanced in the near
future. __
ROBERT L. JONES— You are a man of
strong likes and dislikes. You have
made enemies, but you have, also, made
friends.. , _
I. M. A.— are a most visionary young
lady. You will marry early and will ex
perience many changes.
■ » ■ ■ ■
Madame Neergaard, pupil of St. Germain,
scientific, palmist; reading, by mall, $1; ottiea
hours 1 to 8 p. m. 616 Geary St., abova Jones;
classes. f
2324
NOW THE AMERICAN BOY HAS A CHANCE
TO DISTINGUISH HIMSELF IN THE NAVY
Senator Perkins' Valuable
Words of Advice.
William R. Brown of the Oregon Now Gun Captain.
WILLIAM RANSFORD
BROWN of Oakland is a
bright example of the young
American manhood on which
the future of the United
States navy depends. He has just re-
! turned to his home for a vacation, and
brings with him a commission as first
class gun captain.
Young Brown's experience in the
United States navy is just as extensive
as that of the Oregon, and just as long.
When this famous battleship first
sailed from San Francisco on her
maiden voyage William Brown of Oak
land was one of her apprentices. No
sooner had this lad entered upon the
life of a sailor in Uncle Sam's big bat
tleship than he decided to use every ef
fort to obtain promotion. His charac
ter from the first for behavior and
study v. as of the best, and when the
Government some months ago ordered
eight of the Oregon's best lads to go to
a school of gunnery in the East to pre
pare for commissions young Brown
was at once selected for one of the
number.
During the early part of the career Of
the Oregon there was nothing occurred
of particular interest, but in February
of last year, when the battleship was
at Bremerton, In the Stat.* of Washing
ton being thoroughly overhauled, no
. one' guessed that she was really being
pared for that celebrated trip
around Cape Horn to Cuba.
Young Brown during the last year of
the Oregon's history and his own has
shown in a series of letters to his pa*
rents how thoroughly one of Uncle
Sam's sailors enters upon his duties.
From Bahia, in the Brazils, young
Brown sent a brief letter touching upon
the passage to that point from this
coast; In this letter he says:
"We arrived here last night (May 8)
from Rio de Janiero to coal up and
clear the ship for action. We are put
ting on our war paint and clearing the
ship of all woodwork. This is the first
chance we have had to write. There
. Is a Spanish fleet about 200 miles north
of here waiting for us to come along.
1 think they will get all they are look
ing for. We hope to reach some Amer
ican port In eighteen or twenty days.
If we can reach the United States
without a fight we will be very lucky.
The Marietta is expected in to-day.
She has been following close behind us
• all the way. This is the fourth port
we have called In since we left 'Frisco.
We stopped at Callao and at Sandy
Point and at Rio. The Oregon is now
painted .ad color, and it makes her
look very large and fierce, and I think
■when the Spanish sight her they will
• think twice before hey come too near.
Ail the guns are kept loaded all the
time, so as soon as we sight a Span
ish ship we will be ready to fire. You
may not hear from me again, but if we
conic out all right I will write."
Nearly a month later young Brown
continues his log-letters from the Ore
gon, which was then at Santiago de
Cuba.
"Well, we have traveled over 15,000
miles looking for a fight with the Span
iards and did not find one until to
day. After coaling up at Key West
we joined the blockading fleet off Ha
vana. There were about ten American
warships there and we got three cheers
from all of them for our successful
trip around the Horn. As we passed
the Indiana the band played 'There's
a New Bully Come to Town,' and I
guess the band was right.
"With the New York and other ships
we at once proceeded to Santiago, leav
ing . the rest of the ships to blockade
Havana. We arrived early in the
morning off Santiago and found eight
or ten American ships there, all of
which gave us more cheers. The 'great-
Spanish Cape Verde fleet Is inside the
harbor and is afraid to come out. They
were so anxious to get at the Yankees
before the war, but since then they
have, seen some of Uncle Sam's war
ships and they have changed their
tune."
Then the letter goes on to tell about
the sinking of the Merrimac and the
bombardment of the Spanish forts by
the American fleet.
"We are still keeping up the blockade
and as soon as the troops come we will
give the Spaniards some more of Mc-
Kinley's peace-makers. You ought to
have seen the dust fly and the Span
iards, too, while we were firing."
" 'Tis an old story now, the battle of
the Nile,
But a brave story can never die of
age."
And the same Is true of the story
told by young Brown in the following
letter written while all this nation was
celebrating the great victory of which
in his unaffected language he tells:
"OFF SANTIAGO DE CUBA,
"July 4, 1898.
"Dear Mother: This, is the 4th of
•July and we are taking a day off to
ourselves. We have done a good deal
of work in the last three days and we
need a rest. On the Ist and 2d our
fleet destroyed some of the Spanish
batteries and yesterday we completely
destroyed the Spanish fleet off San
tiago.
"It looks as though the Spanish ad
miral had been waiting for a chance to
escape, for late Saturday night there
were nine of our ships on blockade
duty off the entrance to Santiago.
About daylight Sunday (3d) four of our
best ships left for coal and ammuni
tion some thirty or forty miles to the
eastward of this place. It was a fine
cool Sunday morning, and as we were
clearing the decks for quarters and
cleaning up ourselves for Sunday In
spection, we had not the least idea that
we were in a few minutes to be in one
of the hottest naval battles of modern
times. There were only five ships left
on the blockade, and as it was Sunday
and about time for quarters, the Span
Senator Perkins Says That All American Lads May
Profit by Young Brown's Experience in the Navy.
* THAVE read the story of Gunner William R. Brown and I would like if ~T
V I every American boy would profit by his experience. It is just such young §
f_ I men as we want in our navy. The chances of promotion under act of -~
V I Congress, recently passed, are even much greater than those which fell .
~T •**■** to the lot of young Brown. It is for the purpose of bringing forward such Z.
T lads that the naval station on Goat Island is being built. It was only after ~
TT great effort that I succeeded in having the number of apprentices in the navy *
V increased gradually from 500 to 2000, and out of this number California has al- ~
q ready produced over four hundred. ~£
+ When the war with Spain broke out 63 per cent of our navy were of for- .4.
© eign nativity. By cncouragaing such lads as young Brown it is hoped that in Q
_> ten years 90 per cent of the men in the navy will be American born. This re- -♦
© suit can only be produced by the apprentice system, which will always Insure ©
X good material upon which to build our greater navy. There are hundreds of T.
+ good, honest youths who seem to have no place on shore and who are just the V
q material to graduate through the naval training station into seamen and war-
-4 rant officers. It is only by placing the facts properly before the people that q
© the full advantages offered by our navy can be understood and appreciated. 4
+ 6
& +©+©♦©+ ©> O♦O ♦ © ♦©+©♦©+ ©+ © ♦©+©+©+ ©+ O♦©♦ O ♦©+©♦©♦©+•
TILE SAN FKANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, JULY 16, 1599.
lards considered it a good opportun
ity to escape.
"The Oregon was lying ln front of the
entrance, and the other four ships (In
diana, lowa, Brooklyn and Texas)
were lined up on either side of us.
Just at 9:25 as' first call went to quar
ters the lookout reported the Spanish
fleet coming out of the harbor. We
cleared for action at once and signaled
to the rest of the ships to look out for
what was coming. There was great ex
citement for a few minutes.
'"As soon as the first Spaniard poked
her nose outside she commenced firing
at the Indiana, and we. answered her
with a broadside of six, eight and
thirteen inch shells. Soon her four big
cruisers and the torpedo boats were
outside. They headed up the west
coast of the island, close to shore, and
the Oregon and Brooklyn kept along
side of them about three thousand
yards off.
'"The torpedo boats were blown sky
high in short order. I saw one go up.
When she exploded a volume of black
and white smoke shot up a hundred
feet into the air. That was the last
seen of her and her sisters soon fol
lowed her fate. Before we went two
miles two of the Spanish cruisers were
seen on fire heading for the beach.
They went ashore within half a mile of,
each other. Shells were flying over us
like hail, but luckily none hit us and
not a man was scratched. There were
two more ships ahead of us still, and
we flew after them at the rate of
seventeen knots, firing our heavy guns
as fast as we could, and we could fire
them fast. The third one was struck
and she headed for the beach. We kept
firing as we passed her until she went
high and dry on the beach and there
was an explosion aboard of her. That
was the Viscaya, the one that could
destroy New York City so quickly. I
tell you," mother, that ship will never
enter New York harbor again.
"It was now about 12 o'clock and there
was only one ship left, the Christobal
Colon, the fastest of- the fleet. The
Oregon and Brooklyn chased her for
about two- hours, and when we saw we
were gaining on her we let a few of our
thirteen-inch bow-chasers drive at her.
One went right in front of her. It
struck a little too near to suit her, so
she headed in for the shore and after
a little more shooting hauled down her
colors and surrendered.
"When our prize crew went aboard of
her they found four dead and about
twenty wounded. She was hit a great
many times. About 500 officers and men
were put aboard tiie Resolute and made
prisoners of war. We stayed there all
night to watch her. She was leaking
MAKING a FOOL OF LOVE.
-* ». » m » » • ___. _- *^_-V __ 1 a~****m ~^** ■ __-_-^ - ***** .—***.*—^—e
Drawn for The Sunday Call, by E. Fredericks the Noted Illustrator of Summer Scenes.
V I _S^W^HE do UP. >S/HEH JHE EXPLODED i-V-\KM.uc*lE Of BLACK o*. HVh\T_ J^KC
•SjiOT UP H_HDR_-t-C5 :>F FEET IM*Tt> TH- /SIF^ v * -» '** _ ***** *»*>»» ** .*» ■■* "J*. * ■* ****»
badly and before morning we could
hardly see her, and that was the end
of the great Cap- Verde fleet. We are
now ready for their reserve fleet if it
comes over.
"I will have a thousand dollars or
more when I get paid off. Yesterday's
work amounted to many millions, to be
divided among the navy. Do not worry.
I will come out all O. K. Your son.
"WILLIAM R. BROWN."
In another paragraph of the same let
ter young Brown undoubtedly tells
some very plain truths. In answer to
a query from his mother he says: "You
asked me in your letter if my knees
knocked together when the first shot
was fired. I was not so badly scared as
all that, but I will admit that it all
felt a little queer at first. We are used
to It now. We have smelt quite a good
deal of gunpowder in the last month."
Last September there was great joy
aboard the Oregon, for it was then sup
posed that she was to be sent around
the Horn to San Francisco. "I expect
we will be there by Christmas," says
Brown. "Then you can see the ship
What Gunner Brown Has
Done on the Oregon.
that opened the eyes of the whole
world. "Thousands of people come here
(New York navy yard) every day, and
although there are six other ships all
they want to see is the Oregon."
Then comes what at this time seemed
like a great disappointment to the
young gunner, but which was really
the stepping-stone to his future suc
cess. October 1, writing from the
United States ship Amphitrite, then at
Boston, he says: "We are not going
to Frisco. Sudden orders came from
Washington to send eight young sea
men from the Oregon to this ship to
take Instructions for gun captains. I
was one of the eight, and it nearly
broke my heart to hear that I could not
go back to Frisco with the Oregon. It
is probably for the best, but I don't like
it a bit. If we pass the examinations
we will get from $35 to $50 a month.
We are now taking daily studies at the
gunnery school, working up for ex
aminations." . ... ...... . . ... .
After a month -Studying and prac
ticing young Brown realized that the
change ordered in his career was for
his own benefit. "The first lieutenant
of the Oregon," he says, "has explained
the matter to me and has convinced me
that this is the best thing for me to
do if I want to get up in the navy.
I am one of fifty sent here from the
different ships in the navy. It will
take about five months to receive our
instructions and qualify, and if we pass
we will be given our rates right away.
Chief gun captain gets $60 a month,
flrst-class gun captain $50 and second
class captain $40. I am confident now
that I will get second-class, but I shall
try for first. We are sent here, I learn,
because we have all got good records,
and they will shove us along. When
we get through I can go to the Oregon
if I want to, and I want to bad enough.
We expeot to get our prize money about
Christmas, and as soon as our examin
ations are over the Government will
send me overland to Mare Island, where
I shall be paid off, as I have only
eight months now to serve."
The progress made by the Oakland
gunner was evidently very satisfactory,
for after the end of the first prelim
inary examination he only made one
error out of fifteen questions, which all
related to deck battery guns, "and,"
says he, "lt was a corker. The next
examination will be on the Lee rifle,
and I think it will be easier than the
first. We will leave here some time in
the latter part of this month for Port
Royal, S. C, for our target practice,
which will last at least two months.
It will soon be over now, and I shall
be at liberty to come home.
"In the target practice I fired sixteen
shots to-day with a three-pounder and
made t* elve bullseyes at about 1600
yards. To-morrow we will fire six
pounders and four-Inch guns, and last
of all the big ten-Inch guns. The ten
inch shells weigh 500 pounds and will
carry ten miles. We have to fire with
them at a target 3000 yards away. Our
course will finish ln a few days and we
shall know where we stand."
Recently the young Oakland gunner
passed the final examinations, and
qualified for gun captain of the
first class. "If I had got four per cent
more," he says, "I would have got
chief. We have not our appoint
ments yet as the recommendations
have been sent to Washington to be
approved. j I might leave for California
any day and I hope the next letter will
be a verbal one. I will send you a tele
gram as I pass through Los Angeles
on my way to Oakland."
A SOPORIFIC PLANT.
Mr. Gillespie of Edinburgh has called
attention to the curious soporific action
of certain plants found ln Russia and in
America.
These plants ar. known to botanists
under the name of stipa. On th© Mediter
ranean coast, where the stipa grows in
profusion, it is called virgin's flax, and
because of its beautiful blossoms is used
extensively for bouquets.
In Texas and New Mexico a species of
this plant, called stipa viridula, possesses
soporific qualities. :\\ '"/.
The cowboys and herders of the West,
where the plant grows luxuriantly, often
find to their astonishment that their cows
and horses are suddenly overcome with
sleepiness, accompanied with great weak
ness. They are rendered Incapable of
traveling and cannot exert themselves
without great effort^
Horses and cows are affected alike. The
head falls low, the body trembles, the
breath comes with difficulty and the heart
beats tumultuously. Accompanying this
there .s profuse sweating exhaustion. The
poor animal seems violently sick. How
ever, in a few days his state becomes
normal again.
Strangely enough, sheep are not affect
ed by the plant.
As an experiment Mr. Gillespie Inocu
lated frogs and rabbits with an extract
from the stipa viridula. After the Injec
tions the animals were apparently seized
with hallucinations and suffered the anx
iety and paralysis of a strong narcoticMARRIED THIRTEEN TIMES IN THREE YEARS
__ ♦o^O-»0#0*O ♦(*» ♦ O ♦O-t>o*O#'o-s>o<»o #o*o*o*o^o*o <£ O <$o<'»o<»o<s>o<S>o<£o**'o't>o<*o<»o*o ♦(_ «> o *o*o+o*o*o*oo
? A WOMAN WHO HAS LIVED YEARS IN' I
° DAYS, LIFETIHES IN HONTHS, AND HAS !
f RUN THE ENTIRE GAfIUT OF HUMAN I
° EXPERIENCES KNOWN IN WORLDLY LIFE, °
♦ o
_©<*.o<_'C"*>o<f>o<s> O ♦ O ♦ O ♦ 040<*r0&0<$ 0-£o<s»C <*>0-s>o<s>o*->o<3>o <»0 ♦ O ♦o<-*0«-0<»04'0'$0<»0<»0-«>0<!>0'!>0<$>0<t>0«»0*0<^0*0<$'#
j*-** LEMKNTE RUIZ of Santa j-*ar__.-*»
[J 1- on© of th© most fascinating
( Im. women. She is also one of the most
Hi fl Do e you want proof It lies in this
simple statement: She has been
married to and separated from thirteen
different men during the past three years.
In the spring of 1896 Clement© was a
child living with a snarl of other children,
a fat and indolent mother and a thin and
indolent father in a miserable adobe hut
in Santa Barbara's Spanlshtown.
To-day she la a woman who has lived
years in days and lifetimes in months— a
woman who, during th© time when girls
of less tempestuous blood (emotions) ar©
shyly beginning to read th© first sweet se
cret of their maiden heart©, has run th©
©ntlr© gamut of human experiences; a
woman to whom love and hate ar© not
burned out fires and for whom ther© re
mains nothing ln this world, either of
good or ©vIL
That eh© is beautiful goe© without say
ing, sine© nothing but personal beauty of
th© most voluptuous typ© could so attract
and mak© captive of every man upon
whom eh© ha© chosen to ©mil©.
Oentle and simple, rich and poor, high
and low all have surrendered to her mac
ical charm. And she ha© chosen whom
she would, moved by th© fancy of th©
moment, and cast each aside ln turn with
a capricious heartiessness as character
istic of her a© 1© her wonderful beauty.
From th© palaces of millionaires to th©
back rooms of a barber shop, from tho
racetrack hotel to th© deck of a, brigan
tine, from a mansion to th© mean ranch
hous© of a humble farmer, sh© ha© wan
dered a© impulse swayed her. Sh© ha©
planned nothing, calculated nothing.
Money ha© slipped through her ©lender
hands like quicksilver, and sh© ha© been
wealthy or poverty stricken according to
th© environment of th© time being. Sh©
knows no regrets and she fears no furor©
—the present Is her world.
Three years ago Count Tolfskow of St.
Petersburg, Russia, sojourned for a time
in the flower-embowered city of Santa
Barbara. He was wealthy and eccentric,
and avoiding the society people of the
place spent most of his time in solitary
walks and drives. Two-score years and
fifteen had passed over his titled head,
but he forgot this entirely when he met
Clemente Ruiz.
She was a child then, not quit© 17, but
the old Count, when he first saw her lean
ing lazily against the trunk of a giant
rosebush, with the pink petals of the
flowers showering down on the glossy rip
ples of her untidy hair, thought her— as
many others have thought her sinee —
quite the most lovely creature that earth
had ever produced.
A number of her small brothers and sis
ters (she has eleven) were playing near
in the quarrelsome fashion of children,
and the stranger made friends with them
and their parents at once by throwing a
handful of silver into the group. He "liked
children" he said, in unnecessary excuse,
and then, tl •■ day being warm, he asked
permission to rest for a moment or two
himself under the rosebush.
He was Clemente Ruiz's first lover. And
that he was an ardent one in spite of his
years was proven by the fact that not a
day after that passed that did not find
him worshiping before her shrine, and in
cidentally bringing offerings to the high
priest and priestess, her parents.
Clemente was coy this time. Young as
she was, she had ideas of her own, and
the Count, for all his money and presents,
was not exactly the kind of a sweetheart
that a girl like her would care for. Still,
the madre liked him and the gifts he .
brought, for It was easier to accept than |
to earn, and when he took Clemente to j
walk or to drive he told her wonderful
tales of his far-off home and of what he |
would do for her and hers If she would
but consent to go with him there.
One day Clemente and her aged lover
went riding and did not return. The
heads of the Ruiz family placidly won
dered, and expressed no surprise or sor
row when they learned that the Count
had chartered a small fishing craft and
with Clemente and a minister put'straight
out to sea. That evening the truants re
turned, and announcing their marriage
departed for Los Angeles on a bridal
tour.
And now occurred that which was a
forerunner of all Clemente's after expe
riences. Once embarked upon the ocean
of matrimony, the young girl was at
tacked by a figurative mal de mer. She
had not cared much for the Count as a
lover; she cared for him still less as a
husband. All his stories of wealth and
luxury fell upon deaf ears, and the pros
pect of being an "old man's darling" in
a prison of which he was the jailer af
frighted her wild and untrammeled spirit.
She has proved since that she Is a wo
man of resources, but she began to prove
lt then. In spite of her husband's plead
ings, she betook herself straight to the
authorities of Los Angeles and stated her
case. She was not yet 17, and she was
married to a man whom she hated.
The result was swift and certain. She
came back to the paternal horne — trans
formed from a hut to a pretty cottage
through the generosity of the deserted
one— freed from her galling bonds, and
with sufficient money forced upon her
from the same source— for the old man
truly loved her— to keep her ln luxury for
some little time to come.
That she did not come back Into the
old life was, however, soon apparent. The
child under the rosebush had disappeared
forever. The girl had begun to know the
value of the power of her beauty, and
the romance of which she had been the
heroine brought her the notice which her
awakened vanity craved.
Only a few weeks passed before another
titled lover bent before her, a "Frenchman
this time, and with her usual sudden re
solve she turned over another page ln
ii-* _.__._ _ iiisLory H..IU ___.—!_ !-"«» __•«_,.
oness Beaudry.
This second bridal trip took her as fat
as New York, and she seemed happy and
contented during all the long Journey, bui
when the tickets were fairly bought foi
the trip across the ocean she asked for s
stay of proceedings.
She . was quite sure, without thinking
over the matter at all, that she should
not like to travel upon the water; and she
was also sure, after having done consider
able thinking at odd times on this sub
ject, that she did not truly love th© de
voted and gallant Baron.
Would he kindly excuse her, now that
she had arrived at this unpleasing conclu
sion, and continue his life's journey with
out her? And the Baron, because he was
the politest of his polite nation, did ex
cuse her, with charmingly expressed re
grets, and went his way alone.
He was not gone very long, however, be
fore Clemente began to feel lonely.
She could not recall him, even had sh©
wished, for he was— by the time that she
began to experience this, to her, novel
emotion— far beyond the recapturing pow
er of tugboats or steam launches; but—
there were others.
There were several others, in fact, who
merited consideration under the circum
stances, but they were further away than
the amiable and self-sacrificing Baron.
Still they were more get-at-able, and
there was a possibility that among them
there might be one whom she would like
better.
The New Yorkers she did not like at all.
though they stared at her in open admira
tion whenever she ventured to show her
lovely face outside her own apartment.
She longed for the roses and sunshine and
the gay summer guests of Santa Barbara,
with a longing that, after twenty-four
hours of restlessness, became Irresistible.
She put the few of her belongings that
she had unpacked back into her trunk in
a hurried muddle of wrinkles and cross
folds; coaxed the cover down into place
with the weight of her charming self
perched upon its curving apex, and tri
umphantly turned the key in the strain
ing lock.
Then she sent for her ticket, put on the
thickest of veils to cheat the unappreci
ated New York men out of a farewell
gaze at her perfect features, and set
HEARTY JACK TAR AND THE NEW LAW
THE SAILOR BOARDING HOUSE AND DEEP SEA VOYAGES
THERE is trouble on th© water
front over the shipping of sailors
for deep sea voyages, and the
boarding house masters are strug
gling with the problem of how to
respect the law and make a living
at the same time.
"Is it a berth as steward y're want
ing?" said a fat old lady sitting outside
her tumble-down establishment on the
water front.
Why she thought I would like to be a
steward Ido not know. Perhaps she real
ized I was not a genuine sailor, but only
an amateur who had strayed into a dis
trict redolent of the sea. When I haa
explained matters she poured forth hei
grievances readily enough.
"It's hard on us, and hard on the sailor,
too, this new law," she said. "Why they
say a sailor isn't to get more than a
month's advance when he ships, and with
wages at $20 what dots that amount to?
Why many a time a man comes to me,
Just as you might do, and asks to be
taken ln. He hasn't got a cent In his
pocket, nor any clothes except those on
his back. Now what am I to do? I can't
send the poor fellow away hungry. So
I take him in and feed him up well and
get him an outfit for sea— oilskins, sea
boots, tobacco, matches and all sorts of
things— so that he ships away happy and
contented and blessing his benefactors."
All this was quite a revelation to me.
I had never dreamed before that the sail
ors' boajding-house trade had Its humani
tarian side. But the benevolent old lady
explained how It is done.
'■Well, you see, perhaps we have to keep
the man, if things are slack, five or six
weeks before we can get him a ship. And
the board, with vegetables and meat at
their present prices, Is cheap at $5. Then
there's the outfit, which will run away
with $10, and there's the cash advanced
and a dozen other things. So that you
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 16, 1899.
forth, bound for the home she loved as
much as she was capable of loving any
thing on earth.
Her people were glad to welcome her,
but more glad still was John Wilbur, who,
though he had seen the Circean senorita
only once or twice before Baron Beaudry
carried her away from the scene of her
conquests, had borne her fair Image in his
heart ever since.
John Wilbur w*as th© son of a Pennsyl
vanian oil magnate and heir to millions,
so there could be no possible objection to
his impassioned suit from a practical
point of view even had the ex-Baroness-
Countess been coldly mercenary, which
she never was. He was, moreover, a per
sonable young fellow, educated, accom
plished and manly, and Clemente really
felt something very near akin to love for
him when she for his sake assumed for
the third time the responsibilities of mat
rimony.
For a few brief months th© voting
couple were reasonably happy together.
True, young Wilbur found out, as most
newly made husbands do, that he had
married a very human woman and not an
angel, and Clemente discovered that Span
ish temper and American temper are very
much alike, save in name, and that sweet
hearts and wives stand on very different
planes after the honeymoon is over.
Things would have gone very comfortably
with them, however, and because they
were really fond of each other they would
probably have shot the rapids of early
married life in safety and found smooth
sailing in the calm waters of prosaic mat
rimonial content, had not the Wilbur fam
ily interested themselves in the matter.
John wrote them of his marriage, the
beauty of his bride and his own happiness,
see we can't afford to do it for less than
$40, two months' advance, and that's what
we've always been getting."
Certainly, judging from the appearance
of the establishment, the business is not
a very profitable one. At least it does
not run into gilding and ornamentation,
mirrors and French paintings, as does the
liquor trade. The house Is a low, tumble
down wooden shanty on some street near
the docks. It rooks as If it had never
known the meaning of a coating of fresh
paint, and the dreary looking saloons
which infest the neighborhood keep it fit
ting company. .; !.7 7
In the front room, which has that inde
scribable odor peculiar to a ship's fore
castle, half a dozen men lounge on a
rough wooden bench. They are weather
beaten and stolid, roughly clad in any
sort of old clothes. They do not talk
much, but when they speak it is in short,
jerky sentences. Their conversation is of
the sea, but not of its romance. The mod
ern Jack knows nothing of the glory of
the waters; he only realizes the hard
ships of the life. He talks of his last
trip and of the ill-treatment meted out to
him.
Next voyage lt will be just the same
thing, but in the meantime Jack is con
tent to smoke his short pipe and wait
patiently until the time comes for him
to ship. For he is entirely in the hands
of the boarding house keeper, and knows
that he may at any moment be thrown
penniless into the streets with no refuge
to turn to. No other boarding house
will take him in; there is a mutual un
derstanding between th© keepers. So
that the ©ailor must perforce accept the
first ship offered, no matter whether sh©
be good or bad; even if she be one of
those "hell" ships which leave behind
them at each port a fresh record of bru
tality and bloodshed.
For the present, at any rate, the sailor
is fairly well treated and fed. In th©
but even staid Philadelphians listen to
gossip occasionally and disquieting ru
mors had come through other channel©
to the Wilbur home.
So it was that the Wilbur family an
nounced austerely that they did not ap
prove of young Mrs. John. They did not
care to mix their petroleum with Spanish
blood anyway, but when the lady of
John's choice proved not only to be Span
ish but to have been the heroine of two
other romances previous to her introduc
tion into their sacred circle she became
simply impossible. Father and Mother
Wilbur declined to receive her. They in
formed the youthful benedict of that fact
and Implored him to desert the girl ho
had chosen and return to the bosom of
his relations. As an incentive to obedi
ence they shut off his allowance. That
plan, however, did not work for a time.
John Wilbur was still charmed enough by
his wife's beauty to contemplate with
equanimity the prospect of love in a
Spanishtown 'dobe if need be.
Clemente, though, was different. She
was not troubled much about the money
part of the affair, but her spirit rebelled
at the attitude of her husband's people
toward her; and then, besides, she was
tiring of him a little. A certain John
Harper, son of W. W. Harper, the weal
thiest stockbroker in Cincinnati, had ap
peared upon the scene, and Clemente be
gan to think ruefully that she had been
rather in a hurry, after all, in the Wilbur
affair, and might have done better had
she waited a little.
The result of ail this was that when a
letter arrived offering the 17-year-old wife
a handsome sum to eliminate herself from
the Wilbur equation she viewed the
proposition with favor.
long, low dining room at the back the
steward is spreading the table for sup
per. It Is a simple enough process. There
is no napery to bother with; the table is
simply covered with oil cloth, a cup
and saucer and plate Is dumped down
opposite each place. Huge piles of bread
and great joints of beef are placed at
Intervals, and all Is ready. From the
kitchen adjoining rises an odor of savory
stew, and soon the men come trooping In
take their seats on the long wooden
benches. Chairs seem to be an unknown
luxury ln this part of the world.
It is all very rough and primitive, but
still not without a certain homely com
fort. To a sailor half starved for four or
five months on hard tack and salt horse,
the fare must seem positively luxurious,
and it is no wonder he waxes fat and is
loth to leave the shelter of his well
supplied boarding house. Yet, If the new
Federal law is to be enforced Jack's stay
ashore will be cut short by at least a
half, while in many cases he will be.
sent to sea without an outfit at all and
will be compelled to call upon the ship's
slop chest and to pay any price which
the skipper may choose to demand. The
fact that he will have more money com
ing to him at the end of the voyage will
not help him much. The usual spree on
landing may be * slightly prolonged ; that
is all. In the end Jack will fall back
penniless, just as he does now, upon the
boarding-house keeper. .
The long' and the short of It is that
all these attempts to ameliorate the lot
of the sailor by legislation are bound to
prove futile. The shipping laws are made
by representatives who know nothing
whatever about the sea, and hence are
more likely to do harm than good. Thus
the new Federal law which came Into
effect last month, though on paper .; it
looks an admirably designed enactment,
is likely to defeat its own object There
Is a most elaborate seal© . of provisions
A few days after there was a romantic
elopement. John Wilbur played the role of
the prodigal son successfully and Mr. and
Mrs. John Harper appeared in Cincinnati
dazzling all beholders with the sight of
youth, beauty and happiness set in a
massive frame of glittering wealth.
Clemente soon learned to spend money
as energetically and industriously as her
fourth husband, and between the two they
managed to make quite a litttle dent In
the family funds before Harper decided
not to spend any more money at all.
Clemente looked utterly enchanting In
mourning, and so chastened was her
spirit by her sudden bereavement that
she even let her lovely eyes rest with tol
eration upon a resident of the State which
she had formerly despised.
Albert Rice was a young business man.
His father was one of the senior members
of the long established and Influential
firm of Hunt, Rice & Almy of Albany, and
he himself held a responsible and lucra
tive position in the house. He had all the
assurance, dash and personal magnetism
necessary to a successful business career,
but he forgot business entirely when he
met Clemente Ruiz Harper.
Her beautiful face dawned on his mental
horizon like the sun of morning. No
music had ever sounded so sweet to him
as the soft tones of her caressing voice
and the dear litttle Spanish accent which
made her speech so delightfully different
from that of any other woman whom he
knew.
• If she looked like a houri in garments of
woe, how would she look in a garb of the
delicately lovely tints which fashion de
crees for the gowning of widow brides?
He had a mind to solve that problem if
the fates would be kind. The grim sisters
for the mariner. Including everything
from canned tomatoes to molasses and
dried fruit. But only the simpleton im
agines '.bat the crew, once the ship is
well on the high seas, will get any of
these luxuries. Many recent cases have
shown how utterly futile It is for the
sailor to appeal to our courts for redress,
and practically, law or no law, he is at
the mercy of the captain and officers,
who may treat him well or 111, just as
they choose.
It is here that the striking diifference
between American and English sailing
vessels is shown. Hardly a Yankee ship
comes Into port without complaint being
made by the crew against the officers.
We hear terrible tales of brutality and
starvation, of hazing "bucko" mates and
embalmed rations. The public has grown
to accustomed to these horrors of the sea
that no one pays them much attention,
and our law courts never Interfere. The
result is that the name "hell" ship has
'become a reproach against our American
deep water vessels.
On the •other/hand, one rarely hears of
trouble on board the English sailing ves
sels, which come in such numbers to this
port. Yet both classes of ships are manned
by exactly the same kind of crew. The
American sailor has practically ceased to
exist, and the men who now go to sea
are a cosmopolitan lot, made up of sweep
ings from every race under the sun, from
Dagos to Russian Finns. The English
Board of Trade scale of provisions is less
liberal than that ordered by the United
States law, and the English forecastle is
certainly less comfortable than on most
American ships. Why then should there
be such a difference?
The reason lies, not in the law, but In
the method of Its enforcement. - The Eng-
lish captain or mate knows that he must
respect the law, or else at' the end of his
voyage he will. find a stern, unbending
Consul ready to 7 investigate any com
were gracious and Clemente, after a few
short weeks of deepest gloom, came out
into the sunshine again.
She made, as usual, a charming bride,
and Mr. Rice considered himself for some
little time the happiest of men. Clements
was not domestic, and he discovered after
a little that she had other little idiosyn
crasies which he as a loving husband was
bound to overlook. She was far from be
ing ignorant of the power of her beauty
by this time, and her love of admiration
had become a trifle too pronounced to be
pleasant, even to a husband who adored
her. She could not resist giving a glance
of her lovely eyes under their long black
lashes, and a half-shy, half-alluring smile
of her pomegranate lips to any present
able man who was bold enough
to take second look at her iv
spite of the Cerberus constantly
at her side. Oddly enough, Al
bert Rice, knowing as he did that he was
number five on his wife's list of persons
whom she had sworn to love, honor and
obey, could not reconcile himself to the
idea that any one else should look at her
with any save artistically abstract admir
ation now that she was his wife.
Since he could not expect In the nature
of things to be her Alpha, he wished to be
her Omega. To tell th© truth he was ut-
terly, and, at first, unreasonably Jealous,
and Clemente soon began to rebel at his
unkind suspicions and unremitting espion
age. There was enough of the undisci
plined child about her still to make her
desirous of doing exactly what she was
ordered to leave out of her scheme of ex
istence, and it was not long before she
began to flirt most abominably whenever
opportunity offered. Then came quarrels,
at first slight and easily made up, and
then so severe as to cause not a little mild
neighborhood gossip. And then one day
young Madame Rice packed her trunk
again— this time neatly and deliberately—
and went off on a western trip with only
her maid for company, because, as she
averred, she found the Eastern climate
far too changeable and severe for her Cal
ifornia-bred constitution, and felt that she
needed change of air and scene. •
Fancy apparently, but Fate most assur
edly, led her to exercise the privilege of
her stop-over ticket In Austin, and there
at the hotel table she became aware of an
admiring gaze, even more earnest than
those to which she was by this time ac
customed,, and looking up met the bold
eyes of Will S. Hauk, the famous Texan
stockman, plunging straight into her own.
It was a case of love, or, rather, irre
sistible attraction on both sides this time,
and a few days later Albert Rice was no
tified that he need never expect his wife
to return to him, since she had found
some one whom she liked far better and
with whom she hoped to spend the re
mainder of her life in peace and hap
piness.
After her fifth husband gave up all
claim to her the peace and happiness last
ed only a very few weeks. Hauk was
used to dealing with cattle and cowboys,
plaints the sailors may choose to make.
In fact, it does not pay to ill treat sailors
on British ships; the consequences are too
serious. Exactly the reverse applies on
American vessels. Secure from punish
ment, the brutal mate may haze and drive
as much as he will, the captain gives tacit
approval, and justice, as represented by
the law courts or Consuls, is conveniently
blind. -."" ".'."-
A leading boarding-house master, whom
I asked for an opinion, surprised me by
saying that nowadays American ships
were run more cheaply than British.
"Why," he remarked, "for deep sea voy
ages they only pay thel same rate of
-•wages, they spend far less In port and they
do not feed the crew any better, if as
well, as the Britishers. On the other
hand, they get much more work out of
the men. This Is the reason why there
are so few American-born sailors to be
found on our ships to-day. The occupa
tion is too hard and ill paid, and no young
man of independence will choose it in
preference to a shore life."
The new law, as I have explained, Is
not likely to help the sailor much. In
stead of allowing him to draw two
months' pay, or $40, in advance, it will
limit him to one month's pay. But the
law does not fix the rate of remuneration,
and here is the loophole for evasion. In
New York they tried the plan of raising
the wages to $30 a month; on this coast
. they propose to .lower them to $15. That
is to say, the sailor will only get $15 and
the ship will pay the other $5 to the board
ing-house keeper. Thus, If the voyage
lasts four months the sum advanced will
come to $35, as very nearly the same as
under the old system. Jack will neither
be better nor worse off than before; the
boarding-house and saloon will get his
earnings, just as ever, and we will only
have another object lesson of the useful
ness of this class of legislation.
J. R. ROSE-SOLBY.
and knew little about women save in a
general way— certainly he knew nothing
about spoiled and domineering little beau
ties '.ike Clemente Tolfskow-Beaudry-Wil
bur-Harper-Rlce-Hauk.
A stock ranch Is not an over-pleasant
place, and a man who has become meta
morphosed into a centaur and clanks
about during all his working hours in
Mexican spurs, with a big whip In his
hand, his legs adorned with shaggy chap
arrajos, and a silver-trimmed sombrero
glued to the top of his self-willed head,
is not an altogether pleasing object to
gaze at unremittingly.
Clemente gazed for a time, interested by
the novelty of it all; then she yawned,
shook her small fist at the universe in
general and— looked elsewhere.
Al Truax, a notorious follower of th©
races and the heaviest player at Latonia,
made his appearance at the golden mo
ment when those glorious dark eyes for
got their wifely duty, and presto, change!
Mr. Hauk was left to run his stock ranch
alone without bothering over or caring for
a wife who preferred to delegate that
pleasant duty to a younger and hand
somer man.
The race track life suited her for a
while. She liked the noise and confusion
and uncertainty of it, but her temper did
not improve under ex-clty conditions, and
when she discovered that her husband
was no more true-hearted than herself
she made some unamiable remarks about
vivisection and hied herself away to pas
tures new. To speak truly, she retired to
a ranch in Southern California, where
Charles Williams, the owner, made her
queen of his whole extensive domain.
Both she and Truax were equally anxious
for a separation, so that episode was eas
ily closed.
Ranch life was decidedly dull, however,
after/the excitement of the race track; lt
was even duller than the stock farm had
been, and so Mrs. Williams after i endur
ing it for a month or so developed a con
suming homesickness which nothing
short of a visit to her childhood's homo
could assuage.
Once ln Santa Barbara again her fancy
lightly turned to thoughts of a certain
■ea captain who had patted her on th©
head ln her bare-legged youth and ad
mired her from a distance in th© year©
sine© then.
After all, constancy is th© on© earthly
Jewel that time does not dim, decided
she; and Mr. Williams thoughtfully - ef
facing himself at this opportune period,
she set sail on the barkentine of Cap
tain J. Ellis, and made him th© envy of
Eureka by allowing him to announce her
as his bride on their arrival there.
She had discovered on "her trip, how
ever, that seasickness was a decidedly
unpleasing experience, and she was not
by nature calculated to make a name for
herself In the annals of martyrdom. For
the moment she was pleased with the cli
mate and people of Eureka and elected
to make her home there while the bold
captain plowed the main back to his
home port. 7 7-7
The captain should have known better
than to leave her to her own devices, but
he didn't. He went off trustfully, think
ing himself one of the luckiest of men to
have won so fair a flower for his own and
planning for the pretty little home ha
would build her as soon as he had mad©
a voyage or two more. When he cam©
back to the northern city his ungrateful
bird had flown and with her had gona
Charles Emery, a jeweler of polished
manners and a ready tongue. Being a
philosopher in his own way, as seafaring
men are apt to be, the captain hid his
chagrin under a mask of Indifference and
bade the fugitives godspeed.
Disaster followed them, however, and
for the first time luxury loving Clement©
experienced the inconveniences of lack of
money. A. S. Krump, a San Francisco
drummer, sympathized with her in her
misfortunes and won a small bit of what
she was pleased to call her heart. Sh©
quarreled with Emery, forced him to
leave her and rewarded the drummer for
his friendliness in her time of trouble by
becoming Mrs. Krump.
For three or four months the heroine of
eleven matrimonial ventures rested quiet
ly under this far from euphonious appel
lation and then her soul rebelled. Her
husband was at home very little anyway,
! and during his absence she had plenty of
time to think over matters in general and
her absent spouse In particular, and sh©
came very quietly and seriously to th©
conclusion that she — unfortunate that she
was — had made another mistake.
Mr. Krump agreed with her cheerfully
when she presented this view of the case
to him and agreed to release her from
all obligations to him whenever she
wished him to do so.
She wished immediately, he found, and
so back again she went to Santa Barbara.
Her adventures and unsettled life and her
illness had dimmed her beauty not a lit
tle and she found to her chagrin that
she was not the idol that she had been
only so short a time ago. She was still
handsome enough to be unusually at
tractive, however, but her record was a
trifle against her in the estimation of
even the most enthusiastic of beauty wor
shipers.
Charles Klett, a barber, at last sum
moned up courage enough to be "ne;_*."
himself, and all went well until a man of
Mrs. Klett's own nationality began to
make love to her in true Spanish style,
which was a welcome novelty to her even
after her many varied experiences in th©
gentle art of courtship. Klett, being an
unobtrusive and mild-mannered man, did
not argue the matter. Clemente was no
help in the barber shop any way, and sh©
was inclined to flirt with the customers.
If Charles Coto wanted to marry her
he was quite welcome, so far as he was
concerned, provided there was no unpleas
ant notoriety about the matter and the
gentle current of his business was not in
terrupted by their proceedings.
-. So it is that the little Spanish girl who
stole aged Count Tolfskow's heart under
the great rosebush three short years ago
is now living with her thirteenth husband
on a little ranch outside Santa Barbara.
He is the poorest man in this world's,
goods that ever made love to Clementa
Ruiz. She has neither jewels nor pretty
clothes, and her creamy hands have
learned to work as they never did before
In all her short life, but with true femin
ine' inconsistency she seems better con
tented than she has ever done before. But
will this content endure?
He is her thirteenth husband, and ha
has brought her to poverty.
Will there be a fourteenth.*
2526
HOW WE OUTSAILED THE BRITISH IN 1551,
HAVE BEATEN THEM EVER SINCE AND
PROPOSE TO DO IT AGAIN IN 1599.
** "V OT all who are Interested ln lnter
/\ I national yacht races perhaps real-
I \j ize that the first race between
I y American and British yachts took
\, place as far back a© 1851. At a
general meeting of the Royal
Yacht Squadron, held May 9, 1861, lt was
unanimously agreed to give a cup of the
value of £100, open to yachts belonging
to the clubs of all nations, subject to the
©ailing regulations of the Royal Yacht
Squadron, the course to be round the Isle
of Wight (about eighty-one milts) and
the race to be sailed on Friday, Au
gust 22.
It was in th© halcyon days of Ameri
can clipper© when this offer of the first
THE AMERICA, Winner of tbe First International Yach)t Race, Under Full Sail— Th>e Launching of Our New Cup Defender, THE COLUMBIA.
Jacht club In the world was made, and lt
was followed lmmdlately by the construc
tion, on the part of the New York Yacht
Club, of the good and famous craft Amer
ica, the boat that brought the cup to
America, and placed it in charge of the
New York Yacht Club, in whose care lt
has remained ever since. In accordance
with the original plan the cup must re
main forever a challenge cud. But never
again has the trophy crossed the seas,
notwithstanding the repeated attempts of
our English cousins to bear it back in tri
umph to its original home.
A stirring, adventurous and notable
career indeed had the famous first winner
of the cup. Built by Americans for the.
express purpose of meeting and vanquish
ing the yachts of England, or any other
yachts, she vanquished all with the great
est ease. So far as yachting is concerned.
Britain has no longer ruled the waves
since the day when the America raced in
MEN OF GENIUS OWE MUCH TO THEIR MOTHERS
(~>{ TU DENTS of heredity of late have
us.cd much effort In accounting for
yj various forms of degeneracy. They
%_»• can show how alcoholism in one
A. generation produces insane or con-
Bumptlve descendants, how other
forms of vice lead to eccentricity or
genius in a degenerate form. Indeed,
there Is a tendency to regard genius as
almost altogether degeneracy, to be ac
counted for only by peculiar if not Im
moral ancestry.
Now, when we come to the question of
true greatness the subject has another
aspect. The really great men. those who
have been leaders in any true way, have
almost always owed their greatness in
large part to their mothers, says a -writer
ln the Chicago Times-Herald. In many
cases we know comparatively little about
these mothers. A stray paragraph or two
In autobiography or memoir may be all
that is left to tell us how much this man
or that woman owed to a mother who
was mentally and morally strong,
many cases we have to reason backwar-.
and say that the very character of the
eminent son shows that the mother must
herself have been liberally endowed by
nature. There arc only a few dissenters
from the view that the mother's In
fluence on the mental and moral quali
ties of her child Is far greater than that
of the father. : ;•_•*/■* •
The mother of Napoleon, for example,
Marie Letitia Ramoline, though mar
ried at the early age of 16, developed in
to a woman of very strong character.
Her regular features and brilliant -eye
were Inherited by Napoleon, and his firm
will and lofty ambition came from , her
rather than from his easy-going father.
"She has the head of a man on the
shoulders of a woman, the emperor
himself said of her, and throughout bis
THE FIRST INTERNATIONAL YACHT RACE
English waters. Afterward the yacht was
purchased by an Englishman, and for a
time flew the Union Jack instead of the
Stars and Stripes. During the period of
the Civil War the America's sailing quali
ties tempted a syndicate to purchase her
for use as a blockade runner. During this
period the yacht lurked about the Florida
Keys and made flying trips to Bermuda
ana Nassau. Finally she was caught ln
the St. Johns River and was scuttled ln
order to save her from capture. She was
raised and became a training ship at Ann
apolis.
In the year 1870 there, came from Eng
land Commander Asbury's challenge for
the America's cup, then, as now, in the
Possession of th© New York Yacht Club,
t was th© -scanlmous desire of the cotui-
try that the America should be allowed to
compete for the defense of the cup which
she had originally won. She had won it
against a fleet, and in 1870 a fleet was sent
out to defend it against the British chal
lenger, the Cambria.
The America beat the Cambria, but she
was preceded by three other American
yachts at the finish, the Magic, the Idler
and the Silvie. After the race the Amer
ica returned to Annapolis and resumed
her duties as a training ship. Three years
later she was condemned by the Govern
ment and sold to General Benjamin F.
Butler. At his death she passed into the
hands of his son, Paul Butler.
The America was built by George
Steers, the Herreshoff of his day, and
launched in March. 1851. Her principal
owner was Commodore J. C. Stevens, who
in 1844 had founded the New York Yacht
Club.
The year 1851 was notable for the open
ing of the first world's exhibit ever held.
This was at the Crystal Palace in Lon
don. As a sort of culmination to the cere
life he paid great attention to her ad
vice.
The modern theory* of the degenerative
origin of genius would not hold true ln
the case of Mendelssohn, who admittedly
owed very much of his ability to his
mother. Before her marriage with Ab
raham Mendelssohn she was Leah Solo
mon of a good Jewish family. Well edu
cated, she spoke and read English.
French and Italian, as well as her native
German, and she could read Greek. She*
played and sang well, and directed the
early musical education of her children.
This did not mean that she taught them
the mere course of studies in Bach, Mo
zart and Beethoven. She had a romantic
temperament, in which was mingled con
siderable sweetness and benevolence, and
in short from such a mother one would
have expected a poetic or musical son,
rather than a son with military and po
litical talents like Napoleon or Wash
ington.
Among literary men the parentage of
Richard Brinsley Sheridan is especially
Interesting. His father belonged to a liter
ary family, and his mother in herself was
a woman of great literary talent. In 1739,
when but 15 years old. she had published
a two-volume novel, "Eugenia and Ade
laide," and in the course of years other
romances and many plays came from her
pen, several of which had considerable
notoriety. Some one has, said that she is
the only literary woman who ever won a
husband by the use of her literary gifts.
Nor Is this far from the truth, since a
pamphlet which she wrote on his side of
the controversy growing out of some the
atrical matters in Dublin led to her ac
quaintance and subsequent marriage
with Thomas Sheridan.
Her daughter, Mrs. Le Frann, was a
woman of talent, and her son, Charles
Francis, as well as Richard Brinsley,
showed great ability, while numerous
descendants of hers, like Mrs. Norton and
Lord Duf_erin, have - been distinguished
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 16, 1899.
monies that attended Its opening there
was to bo a great international assem
blage of yachts at Cowes. Many race©
were arranged "for. The America was sent
over to represent the nation which had
built her and whose name and color© sho
bore.
From the moment of her arrival at
Cowes she became an object of ourioslty
and apprehension, and on one pretext or
another the British yacht owners hesi
tated to accept the challenge which Com
modore Stevens issued to the world. Fi
nally the challenge was accepted and th©
race was sailed on Friday, August 22, 1881,
Shortly after 9 o'clock on Tuesday morn
ing the yachts were at their stations off
the clubhouse, th© America lying consid
erably astern— a strange-looking craft.
enough, with her long, low, black hull,
her breadth of beam and her thick, stiff
looking rakish masts. Pitted against her
were fourteen yachts, of which six were
schooners and eight cutters. Among these
were the flower of the English sporting
navy, the choicest products of trans-
Atlantic shipbuilding skill. At 10 o'clock
the signal gun was fired from the club
house. Before the smoke had well cleared
away the fleet was under way, moving
steadily to the east with the tide and a
gentle breeze. The only laggard was the
America, which did not move for a second
or so after the others. Steamers shore
boats and yachts of all sizes buzzed along
on each side of the course and spread
away for miles over the rippling sea.
If the British heart leaped with a mo
mentary exultation over the slowness of
the America In getting under way it was
only momentary. She soon began to creep
up on her opponents, passing some of the
cutters to windward. In a quarter of an
hour she left them all behind, save only
the Constance, Beatrice and Fairy Queen,
for their literary ability.
The mother of Goethe, If not a woman
of genius, at least had great influence on
her son's Intellectual development. She
was only 18 years old when her son was
born, and she was always his affectionate
companion. Though not a learned woman,
she had a fine, poetic Imagination, and
she told him all kinds of interesting and
folklore stories.
She also improvised many tales, and
continuing them from night to night,
would stimulate the little boy to tell her
what the probable conclusion would be.
She had a lovable and loving disposition
with a capacity for bringing out each
person's best. Goethe owed much to the
strict training of his father, who was a
rigid disciplinarian, and there may have
been a germ of genius latent In the mind
of both parents. Yet certainly a great'
deal of his poetic genius was due to his
Inheritance from the mother, as well as
to her cultivation of hi* imagination.
A deeply pious man is Veldom the son
of an irreligious mother. Cases innu
merable could be given to illustrate this,
but none more striking than that of Lu
ther. It is not that we know so very
much about her, but all that we do know
shows her to have been a woman of very
decided character. She was a peasant
woman accustomed to the hardest labor.
Yet she and her husband encouraged in
their little Martin a love of study, so
that af 6 years of age he could read and
write with ease. Every little fault was
sternly dealt with, and once for stealing
some little thing— not, we may be sure a
real theft— mother beat him with a
hazel rod until the blood flowed.
"I shudder when I think what I went
through," he wrote once. "I had a terri
ble time of it, but she meant well."
The modern method of sparing the rod
cannot be called a bad one, and yet who
can say that Luther did not owe much of
his nobility of character to the strictness
of his early bringing up. • > <■->■■ •
..-..__.... .._.— . -, --.. . .*>
which were well together, and went along
smartly with the light breeze. In another
quarter of an hour she was clear of them
all. Off Sandown Bay, the wind freshen
ing, she carried away her jibboom, but
as she was well handled, the mishap pro
duced no ill effect, her competitors gain
ing a trifle, but not approaching her.
From the moment she rounded St. Cath
erines Point the race was practically over.
When finally she reached the starting
vesel, at 25 minutes to 9 p. m., there was
no competitor in sight. The news reached
Her Majesty the Queen on board her
yacht.
"Who is second?" asked the Queen.
"Your Majesty, there is no second,"
said the messenger.
This was true at the moment, but 20
minutes later the Aurora arrived at the
stakeboat, and was awarded second
honors.
So ended the first great international
yacht race in victory for America, and
this story has been repeated up to the
present day. Sufficient for the day is the
Every one remembers how much John
Wesley owed to the encouragement of
his mother. Susan Wesley was a woman
of almost masculine mind, well-trained
in Greek. Latin, French, mathematics and
logic. She was so Independent that when
a girl she left the dissenters for the
Church of England, although her father,
as a nonconformist minister, had suffered
much for his dissent.
Married at the age of 19, she had nine
teen children. Thirteen of these lived
through childhood and ten to maturity.
She educated her children herself and
brought them up in a strict and loving
discipline. Undoubtedly John Wesley in
herited his own strength of character
and religious fervor from his mother. She
encouraged without at first sharing her
son's peculiar views. Indeed, it was not
until she was past 70 that she professed
herself a convert to Methodism.
Sometimes a talented mother does not
find her talented son altogether satisfac
tory. Agnes Burns, the mother of Rob
ert Burns, though a simple cotter's wife,
had a mind well stored with ballads,
which she was ln the habit of reciting to
her little boy, and by means of which she
probably developed his love of poetry.
Mothers with a bad influence over their
talented sons have been numerous, and
hardly any instance is more famous than
that of Lord Bryon and his 111-tempered
mother. In this case, too, it is difficult to
trace the genius of the poet to his moth-'
er, who, in every way, seems to have been
an ordinary woman. There was insanity
in her family, and her father was a sui
cide. Remembering this, we may see in it
something to confirm the modern theory
that genius is often degeneracy following
vice or mental eccentricity, and of both
qualities Bryon's ancestors had a fair
share. :-i~ : •
To emphasize the influence of the moth
er—physiologically—on the child is rather
unnecessary in these modern days, when
every one one has his quota of scientific
knowledge. But it would be quite worth
while for readers of biography to note
every case where the mother's influence
©n her child Is more marked. - . r * - : '
glory thereof; there Is no need of proph
ecy.
The Columbia, America's new cup de
fender, satisfied her owner, Commodore
Morgan, and\ Designer Herreshoff by
beating tin- Defender 3 minutes and S3
seconds over a thirty-mile course on July
6, although the race was an unsatisfac
tory one, owing to a bad. lumpy sea and
baffling winds. This race was simply a
tryout for the yacht. Since that time she
has beaten the Defender in several races,
under varying conditions the official trials
will come off some time in September.
The nautical sharps who witnessed the
race are of the opinion that the English
challenger will be unable to take the cup
from this side of the water. . -A *
The Columbia is carrying a more true
fir-keel than the Defender, which gives
her a great deal more stability and better
windward qualifications. Experts agreed
that owing to the character of the keel
carried by the Defender, which was of the
bulbed and rocker typo, in her race with
the Valkyrie 111. in 1895, she did not work
A TREE THAT WAS LOST FOR THIRTY YEARS
THINK of a tree being lost for thirty
years.
It hardly seems possible, but that
is just what happened to a tree ln
Wooden Valley, Napa County.
The tree in question is the property of
Uncle Sam. In 1868 he sent out a large
exploring party to run a base line across
Napa County.
But when the settlers began moving In
there a few years later they found that
they could not accurately locate the cor
ners of their sections of land because they
could not find the "bearing tree" that was
the key to the whole problem.
But 'last, week the field class from an
engineering school were out studying in
that section. One of the lessons consisted
in running a level across a certain line
and finding the corners of the different
sections of land.
This work was done for several miles
and all the bearing trees found without
any difficulty by the young engineers.
But finally they came to a certain old
oak tree and the calculations showed that
it should mark the corner of a quarter
section. But there was no mark on it. It
looked like any other tree. .
"We must have made a mistake in run
ning our line," said one of the boys. But
a wiser one made a careful examination
of the bark of the tree and finally found
a slight depression about six feet from
the ground.
"I think the mark Is under there," said
he, and taking an ax began to chop. "The
bark must have grown over the mark
soon after it was made."
He cut through nine inches of bark un
til the. solid wood of the tree was reached
and there, sure enough, were the longed
for markings of the Government engl-
neers:
. "Quarter section bearing tree," he
shouted. "That's what we are looking
for,'? and there wag a good deal of con
- — — — • - *- ..#■■• -■-?- -
well to windward, and showed a tendency
to carry a lee helm. The new defender's
lead keel weighs about 95 tons, and is
more the shape of a plate than a ouib.
The advantage gained by giving the Co
lumbia a plate-shaped keel instead of the
bulb type is principally in the sail-carry
ing power. It also allows her to cut the
water more easily.
The sail area of the Columbia is 13,800
feet. This is the largest spread of canvas
ever placed on a racing cutter. The Val
kyrie 111. carried 13,000 feet, and the De
fender 12.600 feet.
Her approximate dimensions are:
Length over all, 131 feet; water line, —__
feet; beam, 24 feet 2 inches; draught. 20
feet.
The length of the mast is 107 feet 6
inches; 22 feet in the masthead and S
feet below deck and 77 feet from deck to
hounds, where the Defender measures but
72 feet. The topmast measures 63 feet.
The bowsprit extends outboard 27 ftet.
Therefore the distance from the fore side
of the mast to the farthermost point of
Inscriptioo or) U. S. "Bearing Tree." Lost for thirty years.
gratulatlon among the boys at the fact spot marked over a quarter of a century,
that they could so accurately locate a ' ago.
measurement is 73 feet. The distance
from the water to the tip of the club top
sail Is 175 feet. Therefore it would be im
possible to sail this yacht under the
Brooklyn bridge, because a mast 140 feet
high just clears the bridge.
The launching of this beautiful craft
on June 10 was the occasion of a holiday
at Bristol. The shore on both sides of the
shops where she was built was black with
people, as were also the roofs of the shops.
Crafts of all descriptions decked in gay
colors, dotted the immediate waters of
the bay. At exactly 8:16 Mrs. C. Oliver
Iselin christened and started the new
yacht from her cradle down the slight
incline to the water. Cheer after cheer
arose as her keel struck the water, and
she seemed to bow gracefully In acknowl
edgment of the reception. It is estimated
that at least five thousand people wit
nessed the launching. This is twice the
number that saw the Defender take her
Initial dip, which clearly demonstrates
that there Is a keener interest taken
in the cup races this year.HOW TO LOOK WELL FOR LITTLE MONEY
c-t ■*-» ANNEX'S may make et
7/v\//\X man, but clothes make a
I Y7 yi woman. The sages of old
II Ji\\_ \\ are supposed to have said
*-**■ < - J L -* «-* > something to this effect.
Clothes may make a woman, but they
break a man, groans the unhappy hus
band as he pays the bills. Now that
husband may have a wife who dresses
charmingly and from the crown of her
head to the tips of her boots looks th«
pink of perfection.
But If she wrenches his purse-string?
cruelly to obtain this effect she is npt
a young woman wise in her age and
generation. For there are two ways ol
obtaining this effect, or rather two
prices one may pay for it. One
price is pitched up to the key of G for
those whose purses are attuned to that
notch. The other prices are designed
for those whose bank 'accounts arq
basso prof undo.
Miss Querita Vincent proves to you
optically that this is a fact. Certainly
if you have the money it is not advis
able to buy a cheap garment. But if
economy is a necessity, then think
twice before you buy. To purchase a
costiy toilet requires no forethought—'
simply good taste and the wherewithal
to exercise it. But the .elect and in-*
expensive gown judiciously require?
the maximum amount of taste and not
a little common sense.
An expensive gown is more than like
ly to be a pretty gown. A cheap one
Is not always beautiful to look upon.
A costly garment is sure to at least be
A Plain Talk About Small Shoes
This department is for the benefit of all those who are interested in the science of cosmetics and th© hy
giene oi proper living. If any on : desires information on either of these subjects the questions will be cheer
fully answered in these columns. Write as often as you like, ask as mai-y questions as you please and sign
any name that you choose. Address ill communications to Mme. Hygeia, The Sunday Call.
WHEN a woman with a No. I
foot tries to squeeze it into a
No. -'_, shoe it is high time, I
think, to take that misguided
piece of femininity into a cor
ner all by herself and give her a nice
little lecture on the subject of foolish
ness.
She will grumble and complain, be snap
pish and disagreeable, and go about with
her brow all tied up in bowknots of an
guish., a trial to her frier and a source
of tribulation to herself, all because she is
so lacking in good sense that she imagines
her foot to be a thing of beauty when
pinched and pushed Into a shoe several
sizes too short or too narrow. Why can
not a woman be honest enough to put her
foot Into a shoe the size that nature In
tended? Nature does most, things well,
and the foot is usually ln proportion to the
rest of the body.
There isa tlght-sho- wrinkle that Is al
ways apparent on the face of a woman
whose feet are pinched, no matter how
earnestly she may endeavor to banish it.
And who will say that wrinkles are not
the depredators- of feminine beauty, the
most dreaded and the hardest to conquer
XL. sensible shoe for a woman, la one
well est, while a cheap one ie apt
to be otherwise.
But there are cheap garments
that are both well cut and fit to
enhance the beauty of the fairest
of maidens. Only If you would find
them you must be willing to give
ln time what you save in money.
[For all cheap garments, unlike
-heir more expensive sisters, do
;.ot combine cut and beauty. In
fact, sad to tell, some lack both.
However, start out with enough
patience to balance the lack of
eagles ln your purse and you can
find just what you want.
This is what Miss Vincent did in
order to Illustrate this article.
No. 1 Is a blue cloth that is the
essence of elegant simplicity. It is
lined throughout with silk, the
skirt trailing after the mode of the
day, the jacket scalloped around
the bottom, giving the Jaunty ef
fect that Is the keynote of the lat
est Jackets. This is a gown suit
able for my lady when she will a
■hopping go. It costs $50.
No. 2 is a dinner gown of black
net, encrusted with cream paillettes
and made over a foundation of
white taffeta. There is Just one
touch of color, a .crushed velvet
bow of Cyrano red. The gown
comes with a gamp to be worn at
the owners pleasure. No. 9 shows the key which Miss Vincent gives to tlia
gown without this. For this beautiful problem.
that is long enough and broad enough to
admit of her throwing the full weight of
h~SLs«^^_^?A?lhifrin^^thout
her body upon the ball of the foot, without
a feeling of pressure anywhere. A good
shoemaker will fit his customer to a shoe
that is tight over the instep but comfort
ably loose through the vamp, low in the
heel an.l longer than the foot.
Above all things never wear a shoe that
is lopsided or one that is run down at the
Is lopsided or one that is run down at the
heel, or a shabby shoe. A trimly fitting.
fresh-looking boot is one of the little nice
ties of a woman's toilet that goes a long
way In the general makeup. The woman
who rigs herself in a trim tallor-mado
gown and rustling silk petticoat and then
plumps her feet Into shabby old shoes is
an abomination and beauty does not abide
o h -should never confine oneself to one
P One should never confine oneself to one
pair of shoes, where the same footgear
Is constantly worn thn are certain bones
the result of which is lure to Scorns ami
callous places, than which there Is nothing
more calculated to make a woman feel
like screeching in high C Shoes that are
worn in the house should never be worn
out of doors
The feet should receive the same care
that do the hands. They should be
washei night and morning. Give them a
tepid, soapy bath at night and a sponging
In the mornlna in water with a few drana
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAM., SUNDAY, JULY 16, 1899.
costume eoxnethtng like tHW is asked.
No. 8 la a blue and white foulard, to
be worn as a theater or reception gown.
The pattern la exceedingly pretty and
the style of the gown very good. The
yoke Is laid in folds of cream satin, and
both bodice and skirt are trimmed in
exquisite cream g-uimpure. Seventy
dollars is asked for this grown.
No. 4 la a handsome calling gown of
black satin broadcloth with a tpuch of
white. The reveres of the coat are ln
black and white and of a stunning de
sign, and can be worn thrown back, re
vealing a pretty satin front. This gown
has the Parisienne stamped all over it,
and the price is $85.
It was not such a short task to buy
garments that would look well but cost
little money.
The two hats for these ■ gowns
cost $55.
No. 5 is a blue serge*, tailor-made, the
Jacket having a fly front, the skirt of
an excellent cut. And only $18 for this.
No. 6 is a shopping dress to be worn
on a warm day. A. simple but well
made skirt, a natty shirt waist and a
sailor hat Twelve dollars for all this,
please.
No. 7 is a pretty striped silk waist
trimmed ln white mousseline de sole.
It Is dainty and effective and can be
worn with any of the skirts, but would
look especially well with that shown in
the next picture. This waist costs $7.
No. 8 is a gown in light tan cloth,
trimmed in cord and buttons. Note the
excellent cut of this gown. How well
It compares in that regard to No. 4.
The price of this one is $30.. The two
trimmed hats worn with this set
amount to $17.
The expensive set of gowns and hats
amount to $255. The cheaper gowns and
hats cost $84.
It is not that the expensive gowns are
worth less than the price. That Is not
the point. It is simply to show you
how to look well for little money. The
cut of a garment will cover soma sins
as to the quality of the materia!. But
the material must never be shoddy.
Fair material and excellent cut is the
happiest combination for moderate
means.
If you would solve the riddle of
dressing, study well this photographic
of benzoin added. When they ache and
burn hot water and a little arnica will
afford relief. A powder made or 87 grains
Qf borfe acldf2 tf grains of salicylic acid
and 1% ounceg of finely powdered talcum
is refreshing also and will be found par
ticularly excellent for feet that perspire,
Change the shoes and stockings as fre
quently as possible. Every day is not too
often to change the hosiery, for the pores
in the soles of the feet are the largest in
he bQd and are constantly 6endln jr out
po i SO nous secretions. The feet, cramped
as in , are in tight shoes all day, and
most of the night, are deprived of the
benefits of ventilation and thus compelled
to absorb much of their own excretion,
which gives rise to many troubles, both
unpleasant and painful.
Boft corn are generally found on a
warm, moist foot, and are aMy located
between the toes. A splendid cure is to
g prir , Kle . a bit of prepared chalk on a piece
of absorbent cotton and place between the
&£&**» preventlng them from rubbln *
loge.ner.
Bunions, which are caused as frequently
by loose shoes as by those that are too
tight, may be relieved by wearing a plas
ter through the day and touching each
night with a remedy made of one dram
of salicylic acid, one-half dram of extract
of cannabis lndlca and four drams of col
lodlon,
For ordinary corns,, make^ a. salve of
ena part aaßcytta acid and three parts
lard. t
Answers- to Correspondents.
JUANlTA—Corrosive sublimate is, I
think, an ingredient of the cream you
have been using. This, as you no doubt
know, is a deadly poison, but used in a
small quantity, ln combination with other
materials, acts on the skin as an imper
ceptible blister, gradually eating away the
outer cuticle. It acts like a charm with
some akins, but not with others. I never
advise it. as I consider its use risky. And
you, my dear little girl, are altogether too
young to be using such things on your
skin anyway. Why, at your age, life is a
beautiful thing, and you ought to be just
squeezing happiness out of it, instead of
worrying about such a trivial thing as a
complexion that Is slightly off color.
Romp and play ln the open air as much
as possible, shake a "day-day" to candy
and soda water and all other Indigestible
dainties, use plenty of soap and .water
and an occasional bit of good, home-made
celd cream and I am sure your skin '-.will
be just as fresh and sweet and pure as
that of a girl of fourteen should be. Write
to me again.
CHARLOTTE RUSSE—If the falling
hair Is caused by ecaema or any other
disease of the scalp lt would be wise to
consult a physician. If lt la occasioned
by an ordinary cause, such as ill health,
worry, overstudy or late hours, the fol
lowing tonic ought to help: Forty-eight
grains resorcin, one-fourth ounce glycerin
and alcohol enough to fill a two-ounce
bottle. Apply every night to the scalp,
rubbing it well ln. Then, every ten days,
shampoo with the following liquid soap:
Cut in small pieces one-half pound of pure
, m norrPd castile soap* nut in a porcelain
ke?t?e with two quans <7f warm _-_*r and
5,JJi,,.„ L" h ? { f e ' Vh P ™1* It "hoiilci
£Is'J1 s 'Ji * the consistency of rather thin cream,
X thicker, add more water Stir In one
fourth pin ' t a i coh ol and let stand several
days in a warm room. All the alkali and
impurities will settle to the bottom of the
bottle. Pour eft* carefully, leaving the
residue for kitchen purposes. Perfume to
su it. Do not brush the hair very vigor
ously while it Is falling ln such quantl
ties. Singe the split ends once a month,
For the red blotches that pimples leave
I wish you would try a hot solution of
borax three times a day, using one tea
spoonful to a quart of water or lesa The
druggist will measure the gralna for you
and you can remember that two table
spoonfuls of a liquid equal one ounce.
ROMAINE— am sorry that I could not
reply to your letter In the "next Issue, as
you requested: but every one is treated
alike ln this department and each letter
has to await its turn. Scrubbing with a
complexion brush, tepid water and castile
soap Is the best treatment for blackheads.
Then, if you will use the following as
tringent lotion I am sure it will help the
greasy skin: Take a half-pint bottle and
in it place three ounces elderflower water.
Add to this one-half ounce simple tincture
of benzoin. Let stand a few hours, then
strain through muslin. Mix one ounce
eaii de cologne and one ounce fresh un
cooked cucumber juice. Put this in the
bottle, add the elderflower water and ben
zoin, filling up the bottle with more elder
flower water. Apply to the face several
times a day, letting it dry on. The fol
lowing lemon hair wash will bring out the
golden tints in your tresses: One ounce
salts of tartar, one quart of water and the
Juice of three lemons. Use aa a shampoo,,
rinsing afterward ln several clear waters.
Any of the hair tonics given ln this de
partment rubbed into the eyebrows will
make them grow.
DOLLY A.— can suggest nothing for
your difficulty.
JAMES GRIFFITHS— I must confeea
that my line of atudy haa not included
the care and treatment of mustaches. On
the contrary, I have searched the earth
for some means by which to do away with
them. However, your letter seems to be
sincere, so I will endeavor to answer it
seriously. Keep the mustache trimmed,
close for six weeks at least and apply
hot olive oil every night, rubbing It Into
the skin until the pores have absorbed
every bit of It. Then occasionally apply
the resorcln hair tonic, formula for which
Is given in foregoing reply to Charlotte
Russe. As soon as the growth begins keep
It Invigorated by dally brushing with a
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
n_M_V*V"B_B Is removed by DR. and MRS
Kfpß. j_f_K A. W. TRAVERSE. Donohoe
_S_N_Sdiplffl_ building, 1170 Market St., cor.
Vv **^^sl^B Taylor, rooms 25-29. with the
K_-^g^ _5 electric needle, without pain or
F^—r^i—'*& rear. Mole*, warts, wrinkles,
3_tj3» J_V;S blackheads, freckles. bljth-
yl—^ .—"*__ M mark's, etc., also removed. Per-
MW|i||H rnanency guaranteed. Hours. 1
WRINKLES
Removed and face rejuvenated by my newly
discovered electrical process for $50 to $200. See
what the world's greatest serpentine danoer,
LOIE FULLER,
says about the skin food and tissue builder,
BRAHMAN TOILET CREAM.
■ "i certainly can recommend your delightful
cream as one of the best thing* for IU pur-
pose I have ever used."
Autograph letter can be seen at office of •
• ' * i. •-' ■A. XV. TRAVERSE. M. U
soft email brush, •__-.• only remedy for
whitehead! la to puncture each one sep
arately and squeeze out the contents.
D. D. D. The change in your complex
lon Is doubtless owing to the change In
climate, food and drinking water. Ana,
too, having lived In the East where the
summers are so much warmer, your skin
has perspired more freely and thus
thrown off the waste matter. Where
there are blackheads it Is almost neces
sary to use soap. Get the pure Imported
castile and apply it with tepid water by
means of a complexion brush. Then pre
pare or have prepared the orange flower
skin food and rub it well Into the skin
every night after the scrubbing. I should
cease using the alcohol. Then if you will
carefully guard your diet, eating all the
fruit that you possibly can, I am sure
your skin will become finer in texture
and. the disfiguring blemishes will dlsap-
CAKR___ COTES-Flrat-When there
are both pimples and blackheads the
pimples should be done away with first
by sponging the blemishes with diluted
llsterlne or tincture of myrrh and eating
plenty of fruit as a blood purifier. When
they disappear, go for the blackheads ty
using soft soap, which is made by melt
ing naif a bar of castile soap in three
Cupfuis of boiling water and, while warm,
adding one tablespoonful of pure liquid
ajnmonia and half a teaspoonful of borax.
Use this when bathing the entire body,
and be sure to rinse well. After putting
it on the face and rubbing it well Into
the pores, rinse in several waters, dry
with a soft cloth and immediately apply
a pure home-made cold cream. The wrin
kles are best treated by massage with
the orange flower skin food. Second-
Lemon juice rubbed into the hands, left
to dry on and followed by an application
of cold cream will make them white and
soft. Third—Yes, dishwashing is very
apt to make the hands rough and wrin
kled, particularly when strong lye soap
Is used. If you can afford it, use castile
soap, and always be sure and dry the
hands thoroughly. Fourth— daily foot
bath in which a little baking soda has
been dissolved and a generous sprinkling
with talcum powder should do away with
ma «,^.^.^«.*<s •=■-**•-• * <$■*<$•*<_*-K-<^**-* <">*■-'•
«$> POSES: By Querita Vincent. ♦
% PHOTOS: By Coover & Has- <*>
J xaussen.
* . GOWNS: Prom the White *
House and Hale Bros, *
♦ HATS: From the City of' j»
*, Paris. i>
if: ."..• *"•
•■_>''•<*•■<*'*■•-#<?•■'■•s> * •«**-?>■'.-K-•s>*<?•*<«'*'?•
this difficulty. Fifth— to J. S. ln
last Sunday s Call will have answered
this question.
INQUIRER— trouble that you men
tion is the cause of more than two-thirds
of the wretched complexions that one
sees. Even though you feel no ill .fleet
you may be sure they exist. Fruit is a
natural corrective for this trouble, and
besides there is nothing in this world so
good for the complexion. Now that grapes
are making their appearance in the mar
kets, eat all of them that you possibly
can. They will clear the complexion bet
tar than any aaadtema ar lotion that X
oould recommend. In massaging the __.*•
under the eyes rub outward half an loch
beyond the eye and then pack again
toward the nose. Than hold the skin taut
with the fingers cf one hand while you
rub around and around with those of the
other. Ten minutes of thla massage each
night will be sufficient. The virtue of the
skin food Ilea In rubbing lt ln. The skin
should absorb every particle of it. If It
does net. after the massage wipe off what
remains with a soft cloth. I prefer cas
tile soap to all others for the face. Ask
your druggist to give you the brand that
surgeons use for washing out wounds. Do
not uso the alum wash yet awhile. _^__
ETTA— best treatment for brittle
nails is to soak them in warm olivo oil oc
casionally, or to rub cold cream Into them
at night. Wear gloves as much as pos
sible about your housework, and you will
be able to keep your hands ln better con
dition. The hair tonlo suggested in fore
going reply to Charlotte Russe is the fin
est thing in the world for dandruff. Carrie
Cotes also asked for treatment for black
heads. Will you please read what I nave
said to her!
MISS JOHNSTONE— have frequently
heard of the depilatory you mention. It
is like all other depilatories, and merely
burns the hair off to the surface of th_
akin. It then returns thicker and coarser
than before. The electrlo needle la really
the only thing that will remove th« hairs
Permanently. But ln the case of a fine,
fuzzy growth thla would not be prac
ticable. The best thing, to my mind, la to
bleach the hairs with peroxide of hydro
gen until they are scarcely perceptible.
Camphor Ice Is excellent for sore lips, iou
probably did not use enough acetic acid
on that mole. Tou should have made three
applications twenty-four hours apart. A
crust would then have formed which in
the course of a couple of weeks should
have fallen oft, taking the mole with it.
In making the application use a wooden
toothpick and be very careful not to touch
with the acid any of the surrounding
white skin, else a scar will result.
ROSAMOND— Try this "vlnaigre de
toilette" for the sallow skin. It Is a
French formula, and there is nothing bet
ter: Four drops each of oils of lavender,
rosemary, juniper, peppermint and cassia ;
eight drops each of oils of cloves and
lemon; two and three-fourths ounces each
of alcohol and acetic acid; distilled water
enough to make sixteen ounces. Dissolve
oil-* Tn alcohol, add acid and lastly the
water. Warm the mixture for several
hours to a temperature not exceeding 76
decrees, taking care there is no loss by
evaporation. Set aside for several days,
then filter.. Have you ever tried rubbing
butter on the "hives?" That sometimes
helps as does wltchhazel and camphor
mixed. Avoid heating foods like meats or
■° RUTH— Bathe those tired, aching feet
in tepid water, to which Is added a little
sea salt. The complexion brush Is not
harsh or stiff enough to Injure the most
delicate complexion. It is simply an ex
cellent wav of keeping the pores cleansed
from the poisonous matter that is con
stantly filling them and causing erup
tions to form. Tou can get a very good
one for 75 cents. Send me a stamped, ad
dressed envelope and I will tell you where
they can be bought. I am delighted that
you have found the lotion so helpful, I
am always more than pleased when any
of my readers tell me the results of their
beautlfvlng experiences.
ELEANOPw-As you have used so many
remedies on your hair to keep it from
falling out, my suggestion would be to
cease the use nf afl for a time.-to givg
your hair a sun bath every day, brush
lt carefully at night, keep it trimmed and
massage the scalp each night with pure
olive oil slightly warmed. Wash once
every tw_ weeks with the liquid soap
which I have told about in reply to Char
lotte Russe. I dare not give an opinion
of the face cream you mention, as I have
never used it. Yes, I can direct you to a
very good masseuse, who will ; also, re
move the mole for you without lea vine a
scar. Send me a stamped addressed en
velope and I will 'send you her addresa
2728
SOLE SURVIVING SENATOR OF FIFTY YEARS AGO TALKS ABOUT PAST ISSUES
OF the men who were prominent in
public life fifty years ago James
W. Bradbury of Maine, then a
United States Senator, alone sur
vives. He celebrated his ninety
seventh birthday a few days ago,
and is still ln good health. He attended
the reunion of the Bowdoin College class
of 1825 and was apparently ln perfect
mental condition.
Mr. Bradbury recalled how, Just fifty
years ago, on the Fourth of July, there
was a great celebration over the victory
In the Mexican War, tinged with doubt
as to what should be done with the terri
tory acquired. The question then was be
tween slavery and anti-slavery, and the
feeling was far more bitter than it Is
now between expansion and anti-expan
sion. Yet there is something akin be
tween the two questions, since both arose
Maurice Gram Wants Opera in English
Strange Reason Why He Can't Get
It— Unusual Talk With the Boss
of Grand Opera, and Inter
esting Facts About
Him.
From a Staff Correspondent of The Sunday Call.
LONDON. July I.— Of course the most
powerful figure In grand opera to
day is Maurice Grau, citizen of the
world. It is supposed here that he
lives in London. Parisians have a
general idea that he is one of them,
and lt Is understood in -America that he
is a resident of New York. Similarly, al
most every one who Is interested In such
matters supposes that every one else In
the . same category knows something
about the man who controls the orbits
of nearly all the stars of the first mag
nitude in the operatic firmament, puts
them under an eclipse when he chooses,
introduces a comet occasionally by way
of variety, and, in short, runs the whole
show.
For a man whose work is so interesting
to the general public singularly little is
known about him. Just now he is a part
of Lo.-don, and is settled in an attractive
flat in Portland place, with James Bryce,
author -if "The. American Common
wealth," ior a near neighbor. There is
nothing gorgeous about the flat, but lt
is so comfortable and homelike and bright
that one seeing it would suppose the ques
tion of Mr. Gran's place of residence to
be answered. But it appeared, after put
ting the question to him, that he Is only
dwelling in London, whereas he is an act
ual resident of New York, although his
home is in Paris. That seems plain
enough— an admirably simple solution of
the mystery. "I have a house out ln the
suburbs of Paris," he added, "and I sup
pose that really must be my home, be
cause I am almost never there."
It was rather early in the morning and
the famous entrepreneur was working
over a dozen big white envelopes laid out
In nice rows on his dining-room table.
They looked as if they held contracts,
and" naturally suggested questions about
the coming American season. "We begin
earlier than ever before," said Mr. Grau,
"sailing the middle of September and
opening possibly in San Francisco.
We shall take in half a dozen cities on
the way back to Chicago, which hitherto
has been the western terminus, and ar
riving In New York to open the season at
the Metropolitan Opera-house on Decem
ber 18." 7 r :
Jean de Reszke will be missed from the
company this year, but, on the other
hand, Emma Calve will be back in her
place again, and after a year spent chief
ly in designing her own tombstone and
otherwise indicating that her nerves were
in bad condition. She Is as well as ever
now and in a hurry to get back to the
land of dollars.
The season drawing to a close at the
Royal Opera-house ln Covent Garden will
probably bring the Prince of Wales and
the other distinguished stockholders a tidy
Interest on their money, for it bids fair to
be the most successful season on record
there, like the last season at the Metro
politan Opera-house ln New York. It
probably will help Mr. Grau, also, toward
the achievement of an ambition he has
held for many years. "Operatic managers
usually retire bankrupt, and I do hope I
can prove an exception to the rule," said
he, "Yes, I should like to go to my house
ln Paris and write my memoirs. Perhaps
I shall some day, although I don't know
that I could write well enough to Interest
the public, but certainly I've had experi
ences enough In theaters in every part of
the globe except in Australia."
It took much questioning to persuade
Mr. Grau to eke out some of his autobiog
raphy. It seems that he has been mostly
an American for the last forty-five years,
having landed In New York trom Europe
at the tender age of five. He was cut out
to be a lawyer, so his parents thought,
and after he was graduated from the col
lego of the city of New York at the age of
20 they insisted that he should go to the
Columbia Law School, although he had
Henry Clay Addressing the Senate In 1849. From the Painting by P. F- Rothermel.
out of foreign wars— the only ones we
have had with non-English speaking
peoples.
Mr. Bradbury spoke freely about the
Issues of 1849, when he was a Senator.
The Senate which met ln December of
that year was, according to the best tes
timony, the ablest that ever sat in Amer
ica. Among its members were Webster,
Clay, Calhoun, Douglas. Shields, Benton,
Seward, Cass, Davis of Mississippi, Gwyn,
Cooper, Soule, Mason, Hunter, Walker,
Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of lowa, Han
nibal Hamlin. Truman Smith, John Bell,
Atchison, Sturgeon, Greene, Houston,
Berrien, Corwin, Jones, Felch, Chase,
King, Baldwin, Yulee, Underwood, Foote,
Hale, Dickinson, Mangum, Butler. Rusk
and John Davis of Massachusetts, while
the House of Representatives contained
names almost as famous.
discovered by that time that he didn't
care much for law and that he did care
a great deal for the theater. He studied
lav.- at Columbia with Edward Lauter
bach, and, like Lauterbach, might have
cut a figure in politics later if, after grad
uating from Columbia, the theater had not
got the better of Blackstone.
"You see," said Mr. Grau, "my uncle
was an operatic manager ln New York at
that time, and I was always hanging
around the theater. I began my theatrical
career low on the ladder. The first work
cf that sort I did was selling librettos ip
my uncle's theater in New York the old.
French Theater, now the Fourteenth
street. That was In 1866, when Ristori was
playing there. I was at school then. After
deserting the law, much to my parents
disgust, I held about every position that
one can hold in the theater except on tho
stage. I was never on the stage in my
life. I have been about everywhere, from
Panama north and from St. Petersburg
west. It was thirteen years ago that I
began to work along toward the present
line by becoming acting manager for
Henry E. Abbey. The next year I became
a partner."
London is much interested In a plan that
has been brought before the Government
for the establishment of a national opera,
to be subsidized by the Government. Al
though the plan Is rather vague, it has
gone far enough to Indicate that some
step of the sort is likely to be taken be
fore long. I asked Mr. Grau what he
thought about it, and his answer and the
train of thought to which It led are rather
significant for the future of grand opera
if Mr. Grau is to remain Its king bee.
"If," he said, "national opera means
operas by the best composers of whatever
nationality, sung in English by the best
artists available, of whatever nationality
then I am so heartily in favor of it that I
would want to try it in America the next
season if circumstances would permit. In
theory there Is no good objection to grand
opera in English, and there are sound ar
guments for it. Even the Wagner operas
would be enjoyed better by the general
public if sung in English, and how vastly
more enjoyable to all but a few would be
an opera like 'Don Giovanni' If sung in
English.
"Yes, I can say unreservedly that if cir
cumstances would permit I would even
put on 'Lohengrin' in English in New
York. But circumstances won't permit.
It's all right in theory, but it's not all
right in practice. When you come to sift
the objections to it you get down finally
to just one and that is that the artists,
as a rule, don't wish to sing in English.
Some of them, of course, can't speak Eng
lish, but that doesn't matter so much when
you come to consider that Plancon, for
instance, sings an. entire opera in admir
able German without being able to speak
a single word of that language. No It
Isn't the difficulty of acquiring English,
but it seems to be an objection to the
language itself. I dare say that If we
were to ask Mme. Nordlca, an American,
born ln Maine, to sing grand opera in
English she would object. So, doubtless
would Mme. Eames and all the other
singers whose native tongue Is English.
"It doesn't appear to be so much that
English Is hard to sing as It Is that It is
considered beneath an artist's dignity to
sing grand opera in English. They seem
to reel that It would be somehow a degra
dation." . .. - r ■< .r
"But why on earth should it be a degra
dation to sing in English?"
"I suppose it must be because, unhap
pily, English Is not the native language
of grand opera. Englishmen and Ameri
cans don't write grand opera. As soon as
the English speaking race begins to pro
duce successful grand opera then the
stigma on the language in the minds of
singers will begin to disappear.
"At one time I suggested that "The Bo
hemian Girl' be put on in English. The
artists didn't object to the idea violently,
but when Jean de Reszke mentioned the
matter to the late Sir Augustus Harris
that man told Jean that if he heard him
sing 'The Bohemian Girl' in English he
would never speak to him again.
"But aren't you bound by tradition to
the old operas? If even so promising a
composer as E. A. MacDowell or any
other American were to offer you a good
grand opera would you produce it?"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 16, 1899.
This Congress thought It settled a great
national question, but It only left a her
itage of war to come over ten years
later.
"Upon the Introduction of the bills for
the organization of the territory acquired
by the treaty with Mexico the slavery
question at once sprang up," Mr. Brad
bury said to me. "The extreme Northern
men insisted on the insertion of the AVil
mot proviso, prohibiting slavery in the
bills covering all the Territories. This
was resisted. by the Southern members.
They urged that the Territories were the
common property of the whole country,
and that they had the same right to them
as the North, and that this was an unfair
attempt to exclude them.
"The discussion went on for months ln
the Senate and House, and the excitement
"Produce lt? Of course we'd produce
lt If it were so good that we felt confi
dence ln It. Aren't we even now bringing
out an opera that Is practically now, De
Lara's 'Messaline?' And, by the way, If
lt goes, we shall bring it out in America
with Calve in the principal part, which
Mr. de Lara has agreed to rewrite for
her, as it originally was arranged for
mezzo-soprano. We may bring out Jules
Massenet's 'Herodlade,' too, which can't
be sung here on account of the Biblical
subject. An American composer, whose
name you know well, asked me If I would
put on a one-act grand opera If he wrote
one for Calve. I told him of course I
would if it were a good one. But he never
came around with It.
"But there haven't been five sucessful
grand operas brought out in the last thir
ty years — really no great successes since
'Carmen.' However, It Isn't operas that
the public goes to hear, it Is the artists.
Put on 'Faust' with an Inconspicuous cast
and you get a small house. Put on a
fioor opera — name no names — a brll
lant cast, and the house is crowded. And
lt Is the most useful opera manager who
knows what tbe public wants and gives it
to them, for the public Itself Is the best
manager, of all, and the man who sets
himself up to give lt something that lt
doesn't want on the ground that lt ought
to want lt Is foolish.
"Yet If I had to-day the ambition that
I had twenty years ago I might try to put
on grand opera in English ln spite of the
prejudice against it, for -I * have - such
continued to Increase. It extended
throughout the country. The Southern
people got very much aroused. The North
ern extremists in Congress insisted that
they would have the proviso. The South
ern extremists then threatened to secede
if slavery was to be excluded from all the
Territories. Conservative members of
both parties, the Democrats and the Na
tionals, united in an effort to bring about
a settlement. Cass and Douglas and
Webster and Clay were our leading men,
Webster and Clay acting with the con
servative Democrats.
"Mr. Clay, who had retired to private
life after he was defeated by Polk for tho
Presidency, returned to the Senate in De
cember, 1549. The discussion was in prog
ress at that time. Various measures were
proposed without avail. The extremists
MAURICE GRf.U.
strong faith In lt, and It seems a pity that
such powerful supporters of grand opera
as England and America should not have
it in their own language. It has been tried
of course without startling success, but
times change, and I firmly believe that
we are coming around to it."
It was Mr. Grau's opinion that If the
English Government were going to spend
money for the establishment of opera by
English composers only, sung by English
artists only, they were foredoomed to
failure, because English composers were'
not writing the sort of grand opera that
the public seemed especially anxious to
hear, and most of the prima donnas now
adays coma, from America-
Mr. Grau is phenomenally busy, as any
one would discover who was admitted Into
the inner managerial sanctum of the
solemn old opera house in Covent Gar
den. It Is usually so dark there that it
has to be lighted all day by electricity.
From 11 to 12 and from 3 to 6 every day
the season is on Mr. Grau spends his
time there trying to write a word now
and then, or make a little Inroad on the
papers on his big, flat desk, while , me
chanics, clerks, directors and artists pour
ln on him, one after the other, each with
some question too Important to be de
cided without his assistance. He Is not
ordinarily much given to talk except that
of a plain, straigntaway business nature,
and it Is likely enough that he has never
revealed as much of himself to .the public
before as he has in the Interview here
given, CURTIS BROWN.
of the North and South voted together
against any compromise. Both insisted
they were right. In the Senate, as well
as throughout the country, the excite
ment had become Intense.
"Then, on motion of Mr. Clay, a com
mittee was appointed that reported a se
ries of bills kncwn as Clay's compromise.
The measures embraced by the compro
mise are generally understood. They In
cluded the admission of California as a
free State and the organization of Terri
tories without the proviso, leaving that
question to the people thereof. During
the debate- we had the spectacle day
after day of Webster and Davis voting
together.
"I voted with the conservatives. We
were kept advised of the movements of
the Southern extremists and had reason
Selling Librettos \t) His Uncle's Theater.
.HE WJIS Jl PERSONAL FRIEND
OF WEBSTER JIND. CLJ.Y
JIND JTCLJISSJV_J-TE OF
LONGFELLOW.
to believe that they meant what they
said Mr. Webster was constantly acting
with the conservatives, and Mr. Clay
sometimes met with us also.
"The Northern extremists scouted the
Idea of danger. They said the talk about
withdrawing from the Union was mere
bluster, and that there was no danger of
any such attempt.
"I had occasion to see Webster fre
quently and to know his views and feel
ings; and I have ever regarded his sup
port of the compromise and his speech of
March 7 as among the most patriotic acts
of his life. It was his Intense love of the
Union that guided his course. He was
sensitive to anything that threatened It.
"The danger was more serious than was
believed at the North, and from what
Webster knew he felt It. He and the con
servatives all believed If this crisis was
passed the Union could never again be
exposed to so great peril, as the increase
of population ln the North was so much
greater than ln the South that any future
attempt would invariably fall,
"Upon the passage of the compromise
measure Jefferson Davis, Mason, Hunter
JAMES W. BRADBURY IN 1899.
and other Southern Senators filed their
written protests against it as a surrender
of everything of value to the North.
"When Webster returned to Boston the
abolitionists . undertook to exclude him
from Faneuil Hall for surrendering every
thing to the South. He said, however,
that the laws of nature would prevent
slavery going Into any of the Territories
and that the proviso was unnecessary.
The outcome proved It to be true.
"Subsequent events also proved that we
were right ln believing that there was
danger of an attempt to secede. Ten years
afterward the attempt was made, but un
der very different circumstances. In ISSO
the South had a pretext so plausible that
they were united. In 1860 they had no
such pretext and were not united, Mary
land. Kentucky and Missouri adhering to
the Union.
"During that ten years railroads had
spread throughout the great Northwest
and more than doubled its population and
military power. And so great was the di
vision ln the South that Southern cities
had almost as many soldiers in the Union
army as all of New England. Yet lt re
quired an army so large that after more
than thirty years there are nearly a mill
ion pensioners, and it took four years of
war to overcome the attempt to secede.
"These facts will give us the measure of
the danger If the attempt had been made
In 1850, and vindicate the wisdom of avert
ing It by an honorable compromise.
"I have always believed the Union was
ln more danger at that time than lt was
in the darkest days of the civil war. It
was the only time after the commence
ment of the sectional struggle when the
South was relatively strong enough to
have a chance of success.
"I belonged to a different political asso
ciation from Webster and Clay. I saw
much of them during this time of danger
to the Union, and I revered them as noble
patriots."
Senator Bradbury, in spite of advanced
years, preserves his faculties to a remark
able degree. He speaks and writes clearly
and forcibly, although he easily become*
fatigued.
"Clay," he said, "had wonderful tact. 1
remember this Incident In the Senate.
Soule, a Senator from Louisiana, was a
man of great eloquence. He made a
speech attacking Clay's compromise meas
ures, and it made a profound impression.
It aroused Clay, who arose and said a
few words in reply which showed his tact
and skill. After complimenting the dls-
tlnqulshed orator for his eloquence, ha
said:
" 'The gentleman has faithfully de
scribed the agitated condition of the coun
try. What Is the business of a statesman
in such a condition? To provide a rem
edy. Where is his remedy? What does he
propose? Nothing, absolutely nothing, ln
his two hours' speech. The statesman
should have his remedy. It Is email busi
ness to criticize.'
"The effect of Soule's speech was com
pletely overcome in Clay's five-minute re
ply."
When asked about Calhoun, Senator
Bradbury said: "He was a man of very
great ability, was honest and sincere, but
was mastered by his theories. Calhoun
was very fond of converting young men
to his theories of government. ' I had a
long conversation with him prior to the
revival of the slavery question. I recol
lect he made a remark that If his theory
of government had been adopted the
Union would last forever.
"He then explained his theory. It waa
that the national Government should do
absolutely nothing except what was nec
essary to preserve Its nationality. He
believed the national Government should
have to do with matters of peace and war,
leaving all internal matters to each Indi
vidual State. The nation would serve as
a great protector, and as such would be
honored by all the States. There would
then be no need of much national reve
nue, or a great number of federal office
holders.
"Calhoun, referring to the patronage
system, told me that he feared the time
would come when the adherents of polit
ical parties would vote rather for the ad
vantages to be secured out of federal
offices than for the principles represented
by the parties."
Maine people, regardless of political
faith, honor and revere former Senator
Bradbury as "the grand old man" of hie
State. His age makes him like the "last
leaf on the tree," and his achievements
as the contemporary of a group of great
men of which he is the sole survivor make
him a living historical reminder of the
growth and greatness of this American
nation.
Mr. Bradbury In his college days was a
classmate of Longfellow at Bowdoin. He
remembers the early history of the United
States, and has been a close observer of
the progress and development of the na
tion, besides having had a prominent and
active part in its history.
Points Regarding
Wealthy People
The Queens Income from her own
wealth Is less than $1,000,000 a year. Mr.
Rockefeller's income is $12,000,000 a year.
Mrs. William Rockefeller has received
at her country residence 200 Malmalson
carnations and 100 of the gold nugget va
riety. They came from Paris and cost
$3,000, which is at the average rate of $10
apiece.
One of the few sons of prize-fighters
that ever amounted to anything is the
Right Honorable William Court Gully,
Speaker of the British House of Com
mons. His father. John Gully, a butcher,
and afterward a prize-fighter, grew rich,
and was a member of Parliament for Pon
tefract In 1835. Speaker Gully receives a
salary of $25,000 a year.
Among the American actresses who
have married millionaires are Edith King
don, now Mrs. George Gould; Hope Booth,
now Mrs. James A. G. Earll; Julia Ar
thur now Mrs. B. P. Cheney; Grace Fil
kins now Mrs. Adolph Marix; Rolando
Davis, now Mrs. Charles S. Deaher; Ada
Dare now Mrs. Frank Ehret, and Grace
Kimball, now Mrs. Lawrence McGuire.
The property recently deeded by Mrs.
Leland Stanford to the Stanford Univer
sity trustees is worth $38,000,000 as an In
vestment, and could be turned into $15,
--000 000 cash. It includes 300,000 shares of
Southern Pacific stock, and the Searles
and Crocker Interests In that company
are pledged to protect the interests of
the university, to which Mrs. Stanford
will no doubt leave all the rest of her
property.
One day a man carrying a fuzzy little
poodle dog under one arm, entered the
office of Philip D. Armour in Chicago, and
tried to 'talk him into buying it. The
price was exorbitant, $200 for a useless
toy poodle. Mr. Armour looked at the
man. then at the dog, and back again at
the man and said: "No, the sausage bus
lnesss must pick up considerably before
1 can pay so much for small dogs. Bring
around a mastiff, and I'll talk to you.' On
another occasion one of these self-confi
dent young men who believe that all
wealthy men have a tender spot for the
man of nerve, and who do not hesitate to
approach even the busiest men, made Mr.
Armour a decidedly bold request, which
was promptly denied. Summoning up all
the haughtiness at his command, the
young man said. in a tone that was meant
to crush Mr. Armour: "Well, all I can
say Is that you are no gentleman."
"Young man"— with a cold, enigmatical
•mile— I'm a butcher."IF OUR SOCIETY GIRLS WERE COMPELLED TO EARN A LIVING?
SOME THINGS THEY HAVE DONE.
"3 FAIR member of Dame So-
II \ ciety's flock has wandered afar
/' -A from the fold. 'Tis a dizzy leap
jl Y^from the garden of pleasure to
~" the workaday world. The high
wall between is plentifully punctured
with peepholes through which society
'nay lorgnette the masses. So there is
no need of getting down and rubbing
elbows with the great unwashed.
Therefore, when one of the anointed
School for Etiquette.
affiliates with the toilers and spinners
Dame Society, in purple and fine linen,
shudders. 'Tis more than fl-sh and blue
and.
Dame Society told me this story of a
lost satellite between sips of Oolong.
"Of course, it wasn't her fault," quoth
the Dame, "that her father lost their
last penny. It's been nip and tuck with
them for some time keeping up appear
ances. All her gowns last winter bore
more than a passing resemblance to
those she wore the season before. Many
of them looked painfully, reminiscent of
three ions past.
"They reached the end of their rope
some time ago. Positively you never
rang their bell that you didn't fall over
a tradesman trying to collect his bill.
"I can't understand why she didn't
marry. You know the man who
wanted to marry her? What's that?
Nonsense, my dear! His reputation
may be a little frayed at the edges, but
he's simply been foolish. A man may
break the ten. providing he keeps the
eleventh commandment— thou shalt not
be found out.
"Her family did their best to arrange
the match. It was simply Idiotic for a
girl to throw away a chance like that -
especially when the butcher and the
baker were camping on their front
doorstep.
"If she wanted to earn her own
bread why didn't she choose some other
■way.- But millinery!- millinery! Just
a plain, -common, every-day milliner!
Can you Imagine her a milliner?"
Evidently in the eyes of this particu
lar Dame of Society the status of the
milliner is below that of the female
stage robber or the feminine sand-bag
ger.
I did not care to strain my over
worked imagination to the needful
notch for conjuring up a picture of this
erstwhile society belle, for the nonce a
milliner. So I nought her ln the square
white building on Sutter street where
the word "millinery" is gilt lettered on
the plate-glass window.
BUY ONE HORSE AND BE LUCKY, BUT DON'T KEEP A STABLE
WORDS OF WISDOM FROM
ONE WHO KNOWS AND
WOULD ENLIGHTEN MAN.
7 F I have a weakness (other than that of my mind), it is for horse
flesh, when alive — not canned. This is known to my friends.
One of my clients, poor but honest, took me out for a drive be
—> hind a good stepper, which belonged to a "friend," because this cli
ent was ln the unfortunate position that he did not dare to keep any
property in his own name. He owed me several hundred dollars, and
while I was admiring the qualities of the animal he said, "Of course,
you know I have had a run of hard luck, but you stood by me, and I
want to square you. I think I can get a half-brother to this horse,
which will be just the thing for you — a colt faster than this one."
Naturally I was elated at the double prospect of getting my fee and
also a great trotter.
In a short time I received word that there was a colt of mine at a
livery stable. I was told he wu great -took, and all that I needed was
me Buggy Wrapped Around a Tree. I Plowed the Ground.
The milliner was busy. A woman
with silver threads among the gray
and a face as wrinkled as an accordion
plaited skirt was trying to find a hat
that was not "too old looking." At
length a bonnet budding with pink
roses was purchased, and the ancient
owner departed with her pink skypiece.
The milliner with a deeper rose gush
ing either cheek came forward to greet
Now, It is one thing to ask a girl
about a society affair, at this, to out
Rudyard Kipling, was another and
more difficult story. I finally screwed
my tongue to the question.
"I couldn't do anything besides trim
hats that had any commercial value."
she replied. "I fought it off as long as
I could. When Poverty began to tap
at the door I took stock of my accom
plishments and in the flush of enthusi
asm decided that some of them had
market value.
"Girls in ladies' magazines, don't you
know, always make fortunes painting
menu cards, designing patterns for em
broidery, giving music lessons, arrang
ing children's parties or by a thousand
and one her ways. According to the
editor of the Woman's Page it's the
easiest thing In the world to fashion
trifles that will bring their weight in
gold.
"I left dozens of things at the Wo
man's Exchange, but not one was ever
sold. I didn't know enough music to
teach, although the money spent on
me for a musical education would buy
a farm. None of my parlor accomplish
ments would bear the practical test.
"I decided I was incompetent and
between dinners and dances I imagined
myself adopted by a wealthy and child
less widow, who would give me enough
to patch up the family fortunes. Finally
the imaginary widow refused to play
leading lady to my day dreams. I killed
her off and created a crusty old bach
elor, *ho was to die soon after he rec
ognized ray resemblance to his early
love. Of course he was to leave me his
money. Finally I sickened of all these
creatures of the fancy and looked the
situation squarely in the face.
"Unless you've been through this you
don't know the misery of keeping up
ranees, the subterfuges, the mean
and petty methods that you must use to
keep up with the procession, who still
keep step to dollars and cents, though
your bank account is closed. I was
tired of the farce and made up my mind
to quit.
"Other girls had unraveled the prob
lem. I had heard of two girls in Los
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. JULY 16, 1899.
Angeles who made enough money to
open a florist's store. One of them was
a splendid athlete and not only an in
veterate but a graceful walker. She
realized that people are on the gui vive
for something new, so she started
'walking clubs' — taught girls how* to
gain a good carriage, you know. While
the fad lasted she made money.
"Theothergirl, in the days hen they
had kept open house, was famous for
her coffee making. When Fortune went
to roost elsewhere this girl hit upon
the plan of teaching housewives how to
make coffee after her famous recipe.
She went to their houses and for a fair
price initiated the mistresses into the
order of excellent coffee makers.
"There is a girl here in San Francisco
whose family belonged to the good old
Southern set. When they lost their
money she started dancing classes for
the children whose bigger brothers had
once danced in her train. She's been
very successful.
"I know of a girl who was noted for
her exquisite manners. It came natural
to her to say and do the right thing.
When she had to earn her own living
she opened a school of etiquette for
children. She made a success of it,
though everybody laughed at the plan
at first.
"I counted up the successes on the
fingers of one hand and the failures by
the hairs of my pompadour. I made up
my mind that the successful girls -were
the ones who did what they were fitted
"Those Fellows Have Got On To the Speed of the Colt."
to have him broken. This was easy, so I made arrangements with a
trainer to break him, charge only $25, and in due time he was returned
to me with a guarantee of being thoroughly broken, and so gentle that
a lady could drive him.
Sunday came, and I thought it would be a nice thing to take a
drive behind my colt, sol had the livery man hitch him, to a buggy
and I took hold of the reins. Possibly the colt had forgotten me. He
turned his head to the right and then to the left to get a good look at
me, undoubtedly for the purpose of ascertaining whether he had ever
met me before or not. Suddenly, having evidently made up his mind
that he knew me; he started. He may have been enthusiastic. upon
the subject of having me as a driver; he may have thought it- was a
holiday; because when he started. instead of advancing with his
forelegs, he threw his hind ones over the dash in close proximity to
my face. •tTr. : -'. '=*-■
Well, he only started, because when he reached the middle of the
street he stopped and concluded to back Into the stable; then as sud
denly changed his mind and struck out at railroad pace with an appar
ently earnest desire to get somewhere. Up to this moment I believed
he was a trotter, but by his conduct I began to think him a runner.
He covered more territory within a short time than any "bang tail" I
ever saw on the track. We finally stopped— that Is, the buggy and I,
the former wrapped around a tree in affectionate embrace, and I plow
ing the ground with my nose.
The next day I received word that my colt was thirty miles from
Stockton and would be brought back If I would pay $10 for time and
trouble, which I did.
THE JOYOUS DAYS OF OLD.
for. I had tried the thousand things
for which I had no ability. There was
just one thing for which I had any real
talent trimming hats. For : three
months I spent my mornings at the best
milliners in town learning the tricks of
the trade.
"Then I burned my bridges, borrowed
some money, Imported some hats, hired
a competent trimmer, and sent cards
to every one I ever knew. It's between
seasons now, you know, so I can't ex
pect to do very much. But I'm more
than making expenses, and they're
awfully heavy. Isn't that stunning?"
For while talking she had been trim
ming a hat-
It was really a wonderfully pretty
hat fit to top the head of Lady Yere de
Yere. And the girl who made it "was
likewise wonderfully pretty — fit to
grace the finest mansion in the land.
She was sitting In this workroom,
bandboxes plied high about her, rib
bons and velvets, flowers and feathers
running riot over chairs and tables.
Nor did she look an inch out of her
element- For by my faith In the sex It's
a poor woman who can't say "Howdy"
to misfortune as well as fortune.
"I wonder," she said, "what some of
the other girls would do if they had to
turn their backs on gilded ease?"
* • •
On the way to San 'Rafael I wonder
ed how the buds would look as bread
winners. I found the sweet belles
jingling out of tune. They were gath
The matter was discussed at the stable, and all declared my colt a
record breaker, and that all that was necessary was to have him han
dled and gaited on the track. A well-known trainer volunteered with
the remark. "It won't cost much, and I want to help you out." Of
course I seized the opportunity at once and delivered the colt to my
newly acquainted friend.
In a couple of days one of our mills sent me a bill for $3S for
cracked harley and oats, and a few days afterward a hay firm sent me
a bill for $42 for hay and straw. I inquired if this was all right, and
was told It was the proper thing in order to develop my colt.
In about ten days my trainer called upon me, stated that the colt
had good "motion" and was apt to show considerable speed. He In
formed me that while he did not want any money, yet one of his chil
dren was sick, and his wife needed $10; of course this was a little mat
ter of friendship, so I gave it to him. I did not see him for a week,
then he came in one day and informed me that he had no desire to put
me to any expense, consequently had borrowed Bill Brown's harness,
but Bill needed it. He knew where there was a $90 harness for $50, and
while he did not Insist upon my getting it. he thought it would be a
nice thing— the colt would get used to it and could make better time.
Well, I considered anything* necessary for the welfare of the colt
paramount to any of my desires, so I bought the harness.
Soon afterward I was informed that the colt was showing some
"fine quarters" and that Tim McGraw had been kind enough to allow
us to use his sulky, but It was an old-fashioned concern and there
fore did not . give the colt a fair show. There was a "bike" which
could be bought for $110, "dirt cheap," and it would greatly assist the
colt in making better time. Of course I bought the bike.
The Agricultural Society announced a race for "District horses,"
and my trainer told me that we had a "walkover." The entrance was
only $25, with $20 and $15 additional. He thought it a wise thing to
enter the colt. Naturally I was pleased, so, of course, the colt was
entered.
About this time I became anxious to see the colt go, so Inquired
when I should better come out, and was told "almost any day." Being
busy, I neglected going until after I paid the second Installment on
the entrance money. I was told to come out on Thursday morning at
T o'clock sharp. I was there, and found my trainer sitting on the
fence. I Inquired for the colt, and he took me around the corner, in
forming me that the colt was ln the barn. He said, "Now the thing
is Just like this: these fellows have got on to the speed of -the colt.
I was going to take him out about 7 o'clock and Jog him a bit, so they
took out their watches, and I thought I would fool them; I went out
this morning at daylight, and 'sent him a half.' and of course I would
not like to give him any more work to-day. If you will come out Sun
day morning about daylight I will show you what he can do."
This was a seemingly square statement, and there was no reason
why I should dispute it, so I went back to my office thrilled with the
prospect of the speed that I would see developed on Sunday morning.
Saturday afternoon my trainer visited me and Inquired. "Are you
coming out ln the morning?" to which I assented. He then said:
"Well, all right, only the colt has been off his feed for the last day or
two, and I think he will get back about Tuesday, so better postpone
your visit until Wednesday morning."
Of course this man knew all about horses and I began to think
that I did not, so I consented.
On Monday afternoon I made the last payment on the race, and
on Tuesday afternoon my trainer Informed me that the colt "had
pulled up a trifle lame," but he thought that everything would be all
right within a couple of days, and suggested that I come out on the
following Friday. He would then be In such perfect condition that he
would give him a full mile. 7.T"
' ■_ I was warned that I must be there by 4 o'clock a. m. in order to
prevent any of the stable boys from seeing his wonderful burst of
speed; so, for the purpose of being on time, I sat up all night and went
out to the track In order to faithfully keep my appointment at 4
o'clock. I found my trainer ln bed — so was the colt.
It seems that the colt "must have picked up a nail" or something
else, and as my trainer was a particular friend of mine and was
working for my best interests, he said he would talk to me candidly,
which I guess he did. for he told me this:
"Now. see here, old man, you have got a world beater, and there
is no mistake about that, but he has gone wrong this season, through
no fault of mine. This often happens with. a speedy colt such as he,
especially where they have that high-strung disposition.
"Now, what I would advise you to do is this: I would turn him out
on pasture until next season. Of course, we have paid the entrance
money, and If you want me to drive him, why I will do It, and I may
get third money, but lam afraid it Is going to hurt the colt. Next
year you can put him In the three-minute class, and he will walk
away with all of the money."
Now, what could I say to a friend who was doing so much for me,
and especially when he knew all about horses? Of course I rave »■«!
ered in a little knot on the veranda.
I was taken into the circle and told to
enjoy my share of the mosquitoes.
We finally evoluted from the weath
er to the "earning-your-own-living"
problem. A ten-cent girl with a ten
thousand dollar education thought it
would be "great sport."
"I don't believe." said Marie, "that
we could all of us together earn
enough to buy a golf stick. If I had
to support myself. I'd put In two or
[ three years visiting all the people who
'have Invited me and then "
And then?
"Why, then oh, bother, what's
the use of thinking, it's silly!"
"The thing to do when you see pov
erty coming your way is to get out of
her road." said a girl who is bright in
spots. '.:"•-' 7-.
- "Yes, but how?" asked the maiden
who makes repartee Impossible.
The howness of the whichness is no
concern of a girl who is clever in
patches.
Then a girl who passes in the set as
"literary" remarked that she would
really like to be forced to have to be
"somebody" and make "something" of
herself.
"Just look at Juliet Wllbor Tompkins
and Kathryn Jarboe," said the girl with
the aspirations. "They've gone Into the
magazine field and they're winners.
Two or three of the other girls have
had the courage to go on to New York
and they're owning their own living."
OTHER THINGS THEY MIGHT DO.
. We called off the "two or three other
girls" by name. Two of them are mu
sicians and the other one is an artist.
They have ail three studied here, thpre
and everywhere. Their families are
heartbroken because they insist on be
ing "bachelor girls" and "earning their
own living."
, Now this is the brutal truth. Grace
has a studio in ore of the most expen
sive downtown buildings in New ' York.
"She** has any number of Interesting
friends who entertain not a liter*, and
The Society Millir_er.
Grace paints the menu cards and at
tends to the decorations. Grace writes
home all the pretty compliments paid
her work and winds up her letter with
"Of course I couldn't take any pay
from dear Mrs. So and So."
And fond mamma says "quite right."
and the cruel outsider wonders wheth
er dear Mrs. So and So "would order
them unless she were perfectly sure
there would be no bill forthcoming.
Grace gives studio teas, the crush
comes and some one remarks, "I must
have one of your pictures for my col
lection." Then Grace writes home
again and says "she will be very busy
filling an order." And the prospective
purchaser always remains just far
enough ahead to keep up the delusion
in her own and her family's mind, that
she is "earning her own living."
A girl can afford to pay the penalty
of ambition, providing pa pays the
bills!
The two musicians likewise have
"studios," which is the name applied
nowadays to back apartments with
gas stoves. But Edith and Jane, who
used to write her name Janette before
she became a bachelor girl, have the
real thing.
Their apartments are hung with
tapestries, decorated, with works of art.
rare china and priceless bronzes.
Edith sings and Jane plays the piano.
They have studied with all the teach
ers from Marches! to Moskowski. They
have adjoining apartments and prac
tice together. Their friends say they
are so obliging, always willing to come
and sing or play at teas or "at homes."
After these little affairs, over their
steaming chafing dishes, Edith and
Jane count up how much they could
make if they only charged for their
services. They really believe that their
hostesses would pay them If they per
mitted it.
Edith wrestles with one pupil and
Jane cultivates paresis with two. So
they can afford to give their services
gratis for entertaining. Moreover, they
can afford to live In beautiful apart
aOiimi-- l iiiri_*ii>w .mmfe-
to his superior wisdom, and the colt was turned out on pasture.
I did not see my trainer for ten days, when he suddenly appeared
on an occasion when I was very busy. He thought we ought to have
a settlement. "A settlement of what?" I inquired. He replied. "I
have worked this colt for about five months, and $30 a month isn't a
marker for ray services. Of course you have given me a little money
from time to time for the children, but I more than paid that out to
stable boys. I have a little statement here which you can look over
and see if it is all right." Whereupon he produced his bill of the black
smith for shoeing, amounting to $16, together with the bill of the har
nessmaker for halters, boots, hoods, etc., amounting to $7S, which he
said would have to be paid at once, as the parties were crowding him
for the money. I was not "astonished;" this was too mild a term to
express my feelings l settled with him.
I resolved, however, to have my horse run down in the pools on
the three-minute race for the coming year, so I would make a "kill
ing" and get even on my past expenses.
I waited patiently for the coming season and in due time sent out
for my colt. The colt was not in the pasture — "he must have gotten
mixed up with some other horses, but they would send him in to me
soon." _£____§
I think I paid $100 trying to find that colt, but I didn't find him.
I was consoled, however, ; by some of my friends, who told me,
"Tou are not a sucker. You ought to thank your stars that you
played so lucky," and when I inquired, "How was I lucky?" I was told
"Because you didn't have a 'stable" Instead of one horse.-*
JUDGE LEVINSKT.
"A Little Statement Which You Can Look Over."
ments, go to the opera and concerts,
•take in the horse show and wear silk
lined gowns. As I said before they
have three pupils, and one a charity
pupil at that.
But it's easily explained. Pa's rich
and Mi don't care. So Edith and Jane
go on "earning their own rivl.-.s-.**
Going down to the train with me one
of, the girls --aid: "Well, a society girl's
about as much use earning her own liv
ing as a caddy is on the' links. They
think they're working, but it's always
some other fellow."
* • •
I met one of the "other fellows" on
the boat going home. His only daugh
ter is in New York trying to be "some
body" and do "something." He sends
her an allowance and a large one every
month. It isn't a trial, for he has a
goodly store to draw from.
But he wants her companionship; he
misses the delightful camaraderie of his
walks and drives. He likes to talk over
his favorite books with her. However,
she's a bachelor girl in New York "earn
ing her own living."
And she could be somebody right
here at home, and she could do "some
thing." That is If she were willing to
do the work and the only work for
which she Is fitted— take her mother's
place in her father's household.
"It seems to me," said the old gen
tleman as we boarded the car, "that
the fault lies in the way we educate
our girls. If she really had to take care
of herself, I don't believe she could, yet
I've spent thousands on her education."
It seems to me, I said, thinking lt
over, that she could take care of her
self if she were willing to be honest.
For the fault lies not only in the edu
cation. It's all well enough to learn
about artists and authors, painters and
musicians, but the Lord meant some of
us for stenographers and seamstresses.
And we can enjoy the work of others,
though our own be of a different na
ture.
And the society girl who is writing
"milliner" after the name that has been
written scores of times In the list of
fashionables at an affair has simply
been honest with herself about her own
capabilities.
There isn't any use hunting for a
royal road for breadwinners. The mil
liner who was a society girl says take
the path for which you have the most
ability, even If it doesn't be ln the
world of art.
And by the covers of the Blue Book,
I think she Is right.
FLORA McFLIMSEY.
2930
TO MEET THE QUEEN
HOW OUR AMERICAN
GIRLS ARE PRESENTED
*y*< MONG the many social functions
f I in London the one of special ln
—l terest, to the feminine visitor, at
>• I least. is the Queen's drawing
•** room, and judging from the
ever-increasing number of Americans
presented at court on these occasions
the approach of spring must be a sig
nal for almost as much of a flutter on
our side of the Atlantic as that which
disturbs the peace of the English fire
side. It creates a stir throughout the
country, compared to which that al
most national event in England, the
spring cleaning, fades Into insignifi
cance. While from a social point of
view the drawing-rooms are great
events, the chief benefit derived from
them Is the Impetus they give to the
trades of the dressmakers, the florists,
caterers and photographers, and the
Queen is largely Influenced by this con
sideration in the number she holds dur
ing the season.
Not content with tremblingly enter
ing the presence of the sovereign once,
a great many English women go
through the ceremony a number of
times, being re-presented "on their
marriage," "on their husband's promo
tion," etc. From 10 in the morning un
til evening on a drawing-room day one
meets carriages containing white
gowned and plumed women rolling to
and from Buckingham Palace. Every
house from which some one is going to
be presented is marked by a carpet ex
tending from the front door to the car
riage, each side of which is lined with
open eyed and mouthed people
waiting to see madame sail forth in all
the glory of her presentation gown.
There are numbers of country people
who come to London just to get a
glimpse of all the fuss and feathers and
who, while the carriages wait in line,
sometimes for hours, before reaching
the palace, pass from carriage to car
riage, peering in at the proud and
happy occupants, who regard this as
part of the performance. Even when
the palace door is at last reached there
another wait follows in the ante-room,
but there at least one can admire or
pick to pieces the gowns of the other
women and exchange confidences about
the conditions of one's nerves with
one's friends. The most difficult thine
In connection with the presentation is
the management of the court train, and
even after the drilling which every one
goes through before the eventful day
one must feel some misgivings at the
last moment.
One is inclined to ask if the time,
worry and expense which a presenta
tion entails are worth the very few
moments of the actual ceremony. One
Is announced, enters, bows to the
Queen and other royalties, advances to
kiss the Queen's hand, and backs out.
It is generally conceded that those few
moments are very trying ones, and
many amusing stories are told, though
of course the most amusing ones are
attributed to Americans. One is to the
effect that an American of great fresh
ness and beauty made so pleasing an
Impression on the Queen that her Maj
esty impulsively leaned forward and
kissed her. Our compatriot, either from
surprise or ignorance of court etiquette,
returned the salute with great gusto!
Another American girl in an agony of
nervousness, seeing the Queen's hand
extended. Instead of kissing it shook it
and murmured confusedly, "How do
you do?"
Probably the greatest charm of the
f.resentation lies in the fuss made over
tby the debutante's friends. It is
talked of weeks before and weeks after,
and the day itself is one of long and
delirious excitement. Immediately
after leaving the palace every one
drives to the photographer's to immor
talize the gown. It is difficult to im
agine how- the photographers get
through such a day. for not only have
they so many appointments, but they
ere all for nearly the same hour. Near
ly every woman who is presented issues
Invitations for what is known as a
"drawing-room tea," and immediately
after her return from the studio and a
short turn in the park she stands for a
couple of hours while her friends flock
in to admire her gown, talk over the
presentation and congratulate her. If
at no other time in her life she is queen
of the assemblage, she Is this once, and
she enjoys it as fully as only her femi
nine nature is capable of doing.
How differently the men take their
presentation to the Prince of Wales
when he holds a levee. They drive un
concernedly through town in hansoms,
their brilliant uniforms or court dress
standing out against the dark back
MOST REMARKABLE BRIDGE IN THE LAND.
WHEN the tornado tore Its way
\ /V / through the town of Hastings,
\f \J Minn., it took with it the most
\ tf remarkable bridge in the coun
try. When the local engineer
pet to work to solve the prob
lem of how to make a bridge sufficiently
ground of the cabs. At 2 o'clock the
whole thing Is over, and except for the
flash of a helmet or the glitter of gold
braid from a passing cab London
would not know that a levee was being
held.
The Queen, even when she holds a
drawing-room in person, which is rare
ly more than twice during the season,
does not remain for all the presenta
tions, as her advancing years make the
fatigue too great for her to, bear. She
may receive half of the list, |>ut usually
leaves the palace about half-past 4 for
a drive in Hyde Park. This Is one of
the few occasions which the Londoners
have for demonstrating their loyalty,
for the Queen dislikes London Intensely
and spends as little time there as pos
sible. Hyde Park corner and the park
are crowded with people on this after
noon, who are eager to catch a
glimpse of her Majesty, and, while her
reception is an enthusiastic one for the
English to give, It must appear cold to
those who are accustomed to the dem
onstrations some of the popular Conti
nental severeigns receive. This being
the year of the Queen's eightieth birth
day, the number of applicants to the
Lord Chamberlain for presentation has
been very large, especially for those
drawing-rooms the Queen haa held in
person. When her Majesty does not
hold the drawing-rooms she usually
commands the Princess of Wales ot
one of her daughters to take her place,
and all presentations are considered the
same as to the Queen herself. * G. B.
Against Cheap BooKs.
Sir Walter Besant Is not fond of cheap
price books. As he writes books to sell
he realizes what it means to the pocket
book. Says he: "I think that it is high
time, in the Interest of everybody con
nected with literature, to protest against
the issue of the sixpenny book. It floods
the London bookstall; it covers the coun
ters; it makes books eta higher price un
salable. No one will think of paying more
than sixpence (12 cents) for a book if he
can get a readable one for that sum. It
is fast leading people to believe that six
pence is the outside price that ought -to
be paid— unless it is 9 cents— a book
on any subject. I find it stated in one
paper that a new tic-id of readers has been
opened up by the sixpenny book. I wish
I could think so.
"For my own part I do not want to see
literature too cheap. 1 want free libra
ries everywhere, which shall encourage
and enlarge the habit of reading and edu
cate the people in good taste. A public
library ought never to keep. lend, or buy
rubbish. I like to think that literature is
loved so much that people, to obtain it
and possess it, will consent to some thrift,
some kind of self-sacrifice. We all re
member the mischievous effect in America
of the pirated cheap literature; how it
nearly ruined the literary profession, and
how it destroyed the people's respect for
literature by giving them the finest works
of genius in vile paper, vile printing and
vile covers. If fine work is to be pro
duced the artist— whether poet, dramatist,
novelist or essayist— must be able to live
by his work; to be able to work all day
long if necessary without having to earn
his livelihood first.
"How can a man— how can a bookseller
—how can a publisher— live by sixpenny
books? Granted that he may get through
100,000 copies. What does it mean to the
author? About $1250 to the good. But
more than half these copies are bought In
stead of higher-priced books. This pro
portion is only approximate, but It serves
to indicate the broad fact. If my conten
tion Is wrong; If the sixpenny books ar©
bought in addition to instead of in place
of books of a higher price, then I with
draw my objection. But this I cannot be
lieve in the face of all that I am told and
all that I observe. If I remember aright,
this attempt to enlarge the field of read
ers by cheap Issues has been made two
or three times already, and has resulted
over and over again in the discovery that
the field is not enlarged but that those
who buy give sixpence instead of the
former high price. The only way, I re
peat, is to enlarge the field gradually by
means of free libraries and education; to
make literature accessible to all; and to
trust that the desire to possess will cause
readers to save up their money in order
to buy."
« ♦ ■
It Is often asked whether colored cov
ers really help to sell books or not. And
it is not at all an easy question to answer.
Publishers hem and haw over lt, and
salesmen in bookshops say they are not
sure. But we have some evidence from
England that bears on the subject,
though lt does not determine it. Mrs.
Ewlng says that the booksellers would
not take her "Jackanapes" In plain cov
ers; they would not even try to sell it.
When it was put Into colored boards they
took It at once, and in two months id
20,000 copies. This does not prove, ' ,v
--ever, that the people will not buy a t,.0cl
book unless lt be all bright paint on th*6
outside.
» ♦ ■
Jokal, the Hungarian novelist, Is to
show, in a pavilion at the coming Paris
exhibition, a copy of every edition of his
works. The pavilion will have to be a
large one, as he has written over 300 nov
els, some of which have been translated
Into every European language.
high for the Mississippi boats to pass un
der, and yet not so high as to make a
hoisting apparatus necessary for the ve
hicles that would pass over, he wished to
build an Incline roadway that would be
gin some distance from the river and lead
gently up to and over the structure. But
the Hastings town officials objected.
The Curlycue Bridge at Hastings, Minn.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, BUND AY, JULY 16, 1899,
The Princess of Wales Receiving Aroericai) Girls at tt)e Queen's
Drawing Room.
They wanted the public highway pre
served intact, and they wanted the bridge
as well, and they told the engineer that
he could take the puzzle, home with him
and solve It, or resign ln favor or a more
Ingenious man. %
The engineer brought the solution down
to the official- the next day, and they at
once sanctioned the construction of the
remarkable bridge. The inclined roadway
Is there, but instead of going straight
ahead from a point a distance away it
corkscrews within a small' space, being
elevated on pillars that increase in height
as the bridge rises until the level of the
span is reached. Passengers on foot and
travelers in vehicles wind around a spiral
roadway, first going toward the river, and
then turning their backs to lt, and then
facing around toward it again, until at
last they find themselves on the bridge
proper. Until the cyclone came along and
signified its disapproval of the freak
structure by demolishing it, the bridge
had served well the needs of the people of
Hastings. ;' ■
NEW YORK GONE
TUNNEL MAD.
IF New York City Is not tunnel mad
her citizens have certainly developed
something that is closely allied to a
mania for underground transit. Years
ago the first tunnel scheme was pro
jected— fio many years ago that the oldest
Inhabitants would have difficulty in re
membering the date— and since that time
there have been dozens of such projects
launched upon the financial world. Some
of them have existed only upon paper,
while others have progressed to a most
uninteresting condition of incompletion,
but in each case the interest that has been
aroused in the proposed Improvement has
been permitted to languish and die, and for
a score or more of years the citizens of
New York have thought less of the tunnel
sohemes than of the possibility of some
time being able to reach Europe by means
of aerial navigation. **; \- . . • .';•'■■
Suddenly, however, there has come a
change in the public pulse, and now noth
ing but tunnels and underground transit
Is being talked of.
During the few weeks that have elapsed
since the revival of these long buried
projects nearly a score of plans have been
drawn, and all have tended to the same
end. If these are all carried out, the citi
zen of New York who rides above ground
VI II be regarded somewhat In the light
of a relic of old conditions who is too slow
to keep up with the times.
Up to the present time the tunnel
schemes of New York have been chiefly
conspicuous for the ease with which they
have consumed the capital of those who
have Interested themselves in them. The
old Hudson River tunnel is without
doubt the costliest hole in the ground
in the world. At the present time lt is a
long, deep excavation, filled almost to
the top with water. To the eye of the
casual observer who was not up ln tun
AN ART GEM IN ONE OF OUR CEMETERIES.
THERE Is an art gem tucked away
in a corner of the section set
apart for children, in one of our
largest cemeteries. It is not an
elaborate vault of elegantly
carved marble, nor a delicately fas
hioned shaft, nor yet an idealized fig
ure of perfect workmanship; but mere
ly a simple slab and lying "upon it are
two little children wrapped in each
other's arms. Yet the hand of true art
is there, for the divine spark of life
has been breathed into the group. The
pose is so natural that they seem to
be but resting as ln life when
watched by those to whom they
were so dear in peaceful sleep. It
brings the lump in the throat and
touches the heart strings, and that af
ter all, Is the true sign of an artistio
success.
They represent little twins of sh_
years of age who died in ISB3, and there
is no inscription to tell who the two
little ones were; only the cemetery's
mortuary record shows that. Their
forms were thus reproduced only for
those who mourned their early death.
In spite of the ravages of time on the
rough plaster in which they were casi,
the figures still display the original
grace of pose and molding.
Sixteen years of exposure to wind
and rain, to heat and cold, have crack
ed and worn the monument until now.,
lt closely resembles many of the an
tiques of Greek or Roman art. It Is to
nel lore It does not look as If it was
worth the trouble of pumping lt out
and yet this is all that Is left to show
for more than $4,000,000, and the loss of
twenty-one lives.
It was early In the seventies that Colo
nel de Witt Clinton Hasklns conceived the
scheme of constructing a tunnel under
the Hudson River. He had made money
ln the Union Pacific Railroad and his rep
utation as an engineer enabled him to in
terest such men as Senator Jones of Ne
vada and Millionaire Park in his project.
Together they subscribed $2,000,000 to
carry out the plans and when the money
had been spent they stopped work. Dur
ing this period, however, the tunnel
sprung a leak and twenty-one men were
drowned like rats ln a trap. At the time
when the work on the tunnel was brought
to a standstill the hole was not half com
pleted.
As there ssemed to be no more money ln
IN THE BOOK WORLD
"MEN'S TRAGEDIES," BOOK
EOR WINTER READING
fy DMMER is a pacific season in the
\^y hook world, and material for re
*+) view comes slowly. This lndul-
r m *y gence to the temperature on the
* part of publishers turns our
thoughts back upon a book that has
been some weeks available and yet Is
not with us either by invitation
or suffrance. I speak of R. V. Risley's
"Men's Tragedies." As I write no
bookshop of prominence has the work
for sale, and none seem anxious to ob
tain it. Now, why is this? Trash ga
lore grins at us from the book shelves,
yawns at us from the tables, and yet
a work that proves its author, a very
young man, too, to be possessed of po
tential greatness, glides unnoticed into
gloom. Gloom, perhaps that is it. It
is summer and we would laugh. The
tragedy of bread-winning Is enough.
We will choose our summer literary
diet of lighter stuff , and we will have
it spread where green hills are the
outlook and the wind stirs the trees
to let the sunlight through. The book
has a preface, and a remarkable one.
To some it would be a warning to keep
out; to others an invitation to enter.
After having read the tragedies one
might slightly change the words of
Jacques ln "As You Like It" and make
a preface equally explanatory. "It is
a melancholy of mine own. compound
ed of many complexes, extracted from
nine morbid objects, and indeed the
sundry contemplation of my travels, in
which my often rumination wraps me
in a most Inharmonious sadness." All
reviewers, I take it, are armed with full
permission to speak their minds, and
there are generally as many reasons
why one should condemn a book as
praise lt. If we so desire we can find
in Risley's nine fictional essays every
manner of doubt as to future great
ness or present originality. He is re
miniscent of Goethe, in that his field
of study Is nature and the human af
fections; of Schiller, when he touches
upon the human aspirations. In a con
fused sort of a way he even suggests
Crawford. -There is a passage some
where that warns us against becom
ing human buzzards, who fly over
God's great, green, beautiful earth
looking for carrion and missing more
sights than they see. 5 "Men's Trage
dies" recalls it. It would be impossible
to traverse the experience of acquaint
ance with these nine men, live over
their tragedies and come out of their
society just as we were when we en
tered it. And yet one should read the
book. It would be well, perhaps, if Mr.
Rlsley chose for his summer wander
ings a quiet spot where he could
"gather bluebells and acorn-cups and
find his way to happiness." He might
then come back to us with a wider
literary horizon ready to "take hold of
a big world with many hands." But,
in the meantime, are we to sit back
and demand always as an antecedent
condition that a man shall be famous
before we read his books? If bo. we
will crush the life out of every rising
author and build our literature but
slowly. He is not yet "in partnership
with things that help the world on,"
but, nevertheless, he merits our con
sideration. He strikes no introductory
chords in his stories, but plunges ot
once to the business in hand, somewhat
clumsily at times, but giving us the
picture without varnish. Only in the
first essay does he follow the beaten
track of a scenery introduction, and
this puts us in touch with the charac
ter of the landscape that is to affect
the human character of those who
come within its influence. In this es
say he makes a character say,. "I sink
further and further into the gloom of
my mood," and the metaphor is the key
to the morbidness that follows. But
a powerful hand is at work, and if we
read between the lines we will see its
: power.
In "The Man Who Hated" we read:
"There was no peace in this book-bred
mind, used to the long distances of his
tory and philosophy, and a deep ex
asperation against littleness made him
willful and impatient at the every
day s. He was weary that he had no
rears and had not yet awakened to
great hopes." Mr. Risley's seems a
book-bred mind, but 'tis well equipped
to meet the world and see what others
have perchance passed by. He tells us
things that we do not understand and
hence do not like, but as one of his
women has ; said "Perhaps we will by
and by when we remember them and
don't laugh at them any more." He
uses some very ugly English and queer
verbal contortions, but many a well
turned phrase as well. He speaks of
"the bravery of a well-slept night,"
tells us "the pity of autumn was in the
air " that "Paris Is afraid she is in the
The Grave of th« Little Twins.
be regretted that the material in which
they were cast is not of a more endur-
this country available for such a scheme
an effort was made to Interest English
capital and it succeeded admirably. Sir
Benjamin Baker, Sir John Fowler and
others of the nobility of the old world
thought they saw an excellent opportuni
ty to take adavantage of the money that
had already been expended and they sent
$2,000,000 more. That, too, went into the
hole. Again the funds gave out and in
1892 the tunnel was walled up and left to
Itself. Now lt has been sold once more
and this time, it is said, the work will
be completed.
The prospects for the completion of the
other tunnel schemes are almost equally
as bright, for when such men as Roths
child, Rockefeller, Whitney, Wldener, El
kins, Flower and Brady figure in a syn
dicate formed for a specific purpose he
would be a rash prophet who would dare
to predict the failure of the project. For
some time past these men, whose names
dark," that some one "was constantly
running against sharp truths and hurt
ing his ideals," that "lower natures
take disillusion more easily because
they have not so far to fall." When
he would explain why a certain farmer
lived in a ravine instead of on the hills
of his ancestors, he does so by saying:
"As the energy of the race lowered
they had come down the hill." In one
short paragraph he has written the
spiritual biography of many a human
soul. "There is something in a man's
heart that makes him, when his own
beloved belief has fallen, feel that all
other beliefs are his. He damns all
dreams in the bitterness of his dis
appointment." He shows in the follow
ing description a keen sense of the
ridiculous and a steady pen for char
acter drawing: "He was a tall, slim,
fair man, with a low forehead, a mili
tary carriage, a large mustache and
plastered down yellow hair. He wore
an eyeglass, stuck out his chin, talked
in a bark, and clanked his saber and
stared coldly. He would have chucked
a saint under the chin — if she were
pretty used his old love letters to light
his pipe with and faced a charging
regiment without losing his glass out
of his eye." From the standpoint of
critical literary examination Mr. Rls
ley's style Is bad and his tales a little
monotonous. His characters are all
idealists who become Peter Grievances
and build or rather wreck their lives
upon the foundation of a shock. But he
has a future. We can't put next year's
peaches on the table and thoroughly
enjoy their flavor, but we can encour
age their growth and not blight them
by frost and neglect. Mr. Risley's book
is quite unlike the fiction with which
we are surfeited and let us welcome
him and his efforts cordially and hope
fully. CHARLOTTE THOMPSON.
New Boo^s Received.
STUDIES OF LIFE AND ITS VARI
ATIONS— C. J. Bayer. J. T. Ogilvle
Publishing Company, New York. Cloth,
$1 25.
A book that attempts to teach mor
ality by showing clearly the causes
which tend to produce immorality and
physical degeneracy. It deals with the
mental power of a mother and her abil
ity to change the structure of her off
spring when that organism is forming
and may prove of value to students of
sociology.
The author believes there is too much
stress laid upon heredity and that at
avism is an unscientific theory. The
book is something of a departure from
the beaten track of such works.
SEA DRIFT.— by Grace Ellery
Charming. Small, Maynard & Co., Bos
ton. Cloth, $1 50.
A collection of some sixty or more
short poems that run the full gamut of
tragic sentiment and quiet philosophy
and pastoral description. One might
quote the following as an instance of
much ln little:
AWARDS.
A hero's crown for that man of men
Whose right arm shall prevail!
But what befits their prowess then.
What laurels shall their brow attain.
What guerdon to their lot remain.
And what hosannas hail
Who fail and fall and fail again.
And rise again— to fail?
THE BEACON BIOGRAPHIES.—
Small, Maynard & Co., Boston. Cloth,
each volume 75 cents. • -■- ■ •— *-*-'
Five biographies of famous men, In
cluding David G. Farragut, Phillips
Brooks, Robert E. Lee, Daniel Web
ster and James Russell Lowell.
They are the first issued of a contem
plated series, intended ln time to In
clude the lives of the most notable fig
ures of American history. The series
purposes being a collection of readable,
practical, convenient biographies, pre
senting comprehensively the important
aspects of American life and thought.
D'ARCY OF THE GUARDS; or THE
FORTUNES OF WAR— By Louis Evan
Shipman. H. S. Stone & Co., Chicago.
A romantic tale of love and adventure
laid in Philadelphia during its occupa
tion by the British in the war for in
dependence. The theme is not new, nor
the setting, but historical love making
has always an absorbing interest for
the readers of fiction. The value of
Revolutionary days as a background
is so well understood by novel writers
that we can never hope to keep pace
with the output. If one reads "D'Arcy
of the Guards" he will find it a well
written, pleasing tale with a thread of
interest running unbroken to the close.
A DUCAL SKELETON— By He
lolse Durant Rose. F. Tennyson Neely,
New York and London.
THE FATE OF THE BLACK EA
GLE—By Russell D. Smith. F. Ten
nyson Neely, New York and London.
Ing nature, as in a few years more they
will crumble to dust.
are almost synonymous for money, have
been accumulating street railway Inter
ests in all parts of the country. Just
what they have succeeded in accomplish
ing in and around New York is still some
what of a mystery, but there is no doubt
that the time will soon come when the
railway Interests of Manhattan and
Brooklyn will unite in one great street
railroad trust. To better accomplish the
aims of these magnates the tunnels are
to be built— one, but several, for the
traffic plans that they have outlined con
stitute one of the most gigantic traijjpor
tation schemes ever conceived in the
brain of man. Subways are to be laid
from one end of New York City to the
other, tunnels are to cross the rivers in
almost every direction, connecting with
practically every available point, ln fact,
the now distinct and separate sections of
the Greater New York are to be united
ln every sense of the word.GOOD WORK OF BAND OF MERCY AT HOME AND ABROAD
Thirty-seven Thousand Bands Organ
ized Throughout the World
Since 1882.
£~T**YHE first Band of Mercy In Ameri
| ca was founded in Boston. Mass..
} on July 28. 18-8, by George T.
J^ Angell. president of . -.at State's
. Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Animals. The stated object of these
. bands Is: "To teach, children and older
persons to seize every opportulty to
pay a kind word or do a kind act that
will make some other human being, or
'■^ionic dumb animal, happier."
The pledge taken is: "I will try to
be kliid to ail harmless living creatures,
and to protect them from cruel usage."
There are no fee** or dues required, and
membership is non-sectarian in its
broadest sense. There are now over
37,000 cf these bands organized, but
while they exist in nil parts of the
world, the most of them ,->■■,-. here in the
United States. I was «arly impressed"
with the importance c£ this special
work and organized my first band in
San Francisco October 1, 1*93, in the
Van Ness Methodist Episcopal Sunday
SAN FRANCISCO HAS LARGEST
KANGAROO EVER CAPTURED
Tin-: largest kangaroo ever brought
to America is now in -San Fran
cisco. He Is a member of the blue
haired family and Is known among
Australians as the "Old Man" spe
cies, and was captured .it;-- six
weeks ago in Paramatta. Australia, by
James ''adogan. who brought him over
on the Mariposa.
"Old Mail." as he has been dubbed by
Frank Kent, superintendent of the Chutes
iZoo. is exceedingly well behaved, and no
doubt will prove the central attraction of
the animal show, as Kent intends to make
a boxer out of him. Though "Old Man"
has not yet mastered the fine points of
the game, being a novice in the art. Kent
expects in a few weeks to have him de
veloped into a full-fledged heavy-weight,
and intends to issue a challenge to Jef
fries or Sharkey to determine the relative
power of brute strength to the physical
force of manhood. "Old Man" has all the
necessary qualifications for a fighter. He
has an enormous reach, weighs 200 pounds
and when standing erect on his hind toes
measures seven feet to the tips of his fore
limbs. Kent went into the cage yesterday*
and boxed a few rounds with him.
"Old Mai demonstrated that he was
Clever at "parrying" and "ducking." and
he has one trick which is destined to win
for him the championship of the world.
When you least expect it he lets both of
his hind legs fly forward, and woe to the
man who receive:-; the full force of the
blow*. It is manifestly an unfair blow, hut
Kent is afraid that his pupil is -.ot amen
able to reason In that respect. In fact,
while ; i *" was explaining to him that the
blow was barred "Old Man" handed it to
Kent, and the latter was .:ent up against.
the corner of the cage, aitt fortunately
was not hurt. Kent will teach him to box
with the gloves, nnd a most entertaining
a- will soon be on the bills.
"Old Man" feeds on fruit, tables,
hay. grain and almost anything hat a
horse will eat, and he displays a singular
fondness for appl"?. It i:* not thought
that a shoe could be found to fit him, as
his foot measures over a foot in length
and each one is provided with two claws
at least two inches long. His tail Is three
feet long and Is a formidable weapon,
weighing at least thirty pounds. It is
amusing: to see him use the tail as a kind
of springboard to propel him in his jumps.
Mr. Kent, who has had many years of
experience with ■■■'.'. kinds of animals, says
that he only knew of one kangaroo which
nearly equaled this one in size, and he
died In Boston some time ago.
The taking of "Old Man's" picture was
an Interesting process yesterday morning.
It was necessary for Mr. Kent to get in
the cage to pose his pet for the photog
rapher, who tremblingly entered the
cage, also. Kent, by means of the ju
dicious bestowal of apples and by playing
with the subject, got him into several at
titudes, but it was found impossible to
induce him to stand at his highest, so the
effect of his gigantic appearance may not
be as well conveyed as it might be. The
flashlight had no appreciable effect on
"Old Man." He gave a little start, just
as a human being would do, but Imme
diately went on sparring with Kent, and
.-_.-.. .. .-.•■--.
School. Shortly after this T organized
another one in the Western Star Band
of Hope, of which Mrs. James Keene
every once in a while shot out a "double
hind-foot blow," which taxed Kent's
science to evade. This kick is one of his
greatest accomplishments, and he uses it
indiscriminately.
But the greatest of excitement was
created when it was attempted to get a
double picture of "Old Man" and a "wal
laby," which is a smaller sort of kanga
roo. Such a commotion .rose among the
other denizens of the Zoo as must have
awakened the dead. When the "wallaby"
was brought into the cage "Old Man"
made a pass at him. and it was all Kent
could do to -train him from injuring
one of his own kind. The "wallaby" dis
creetly retired to a corner, and could not
be coaxed to me nearer, but finally ran
several tin around the cage, upsetting
the camera in his flight. The noise awak
ened Sultana, the mother of Adgie's lions,
who occupies the adjoining cage, and she
surveyed the situation with calm disdain
and appeared angry at being aroused out
of a sound slumber. The Siberian wolver
ines were interested spectators of the
scene, and the Canada wolf stood on his
hind legs wondering what all the row was
about. The monkey-faced rooster poked
its grotesque head through the wires, and
Don Caesar, the big bear, jumped up out
of the most lazy position imaginable
which he had been occupying, and Nero,
the big lion, observed it all with the dig
nity characteristic of his race. As the
"wallaby" continued to circle around, all
the animals in the Zoo set up a terrific
howling, which was only quelled when
the "wallaby" was taken out and pho
tographed in the open, all by himself. The
attendant throughout the seance carried
the "wallaby" by the tail, which appears
to be one way of carrying an object.
The species to which "Old Man" belongs
Is known in zoological literature as "Ma
cropus Giganteus," in allusion to the pe
culiar length of its hind foot. The head,
especially In the larger species, is small,
compared with the rest of the body, and
tapers forward to the muzzle. The shoul
ders and fore limbs are feebly developed,
and the hind limbs are of disproportionate
strength and magnitude, which gives
them a peculiarly awkward appearance
when moving about on all fours, as they
occasionally do while feeding. Rapid pro
gression is however performed only by
the powerful hind limbs, the animal coy
. ering the ground by a series of immense
bounds, during which the fore par*, of the
body is inclined forward and balanced
by the long, strong, tapering tail, which Is
carried horizontally backward. When
not moving tney often assume a per
fectly upright position, the tail aiding
the two hind legs to form a sort of sup
porting tripod, and the front limbs dang
ling by the side of the chest. This posi
tion gives full scope for the senses of
sight, hearing and smell to warn of the
approach of enemies, from which they
save themselves by their bounding flight,
their astonishing leaps being twenty feet
or more in length.
The kangaroos are naturally timid, inof
fensive creatures, but the larger ones,
when hard pressed, will turn and defend
themselves, sometimes killing a dog by
grasping it In their forepaws, and Inflict
ing terrible wounds with the sharp claws
"OLD MAN/ THE NEW KANGAROO. WEIGHS TWO HUNDRED POUNDS AND IS LEARNING HOW TO BOX.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, ________[ 16, "*
was superintendent, and In the follow
ing January I interested Mr. John
Swctt, then- Superintendent of the pub
lic school- h^re. in the tier and se
cured from him a letter of indorsement
to present to the various principals
whom 1 wished to visit.
1 was pleased to find that Miss _. E.
Ryder of the .1- ; son Primary School
had. in a way, forestalled me there,
since she had already instituted a lit
tle society among her pupils, the ob
jects cf which were almost identical
with . those of th( regular bands, al
though it worked quite independently
of their hind legs all the while sustain
ing themselves up -i the tall. They are
very important sources of food supply to
the natives and are hunted by the colo
nists both for sport and with a view to
their destruction, on account of the dam
age they naturally do in consuming the
grass required for feeding cattle and
sheep. Notwithstanding this, they have
in some districts increased in numbers
owing to the suppresssion of their for
mer enemies, the aborigines and the
"dins-).'' or native dog. The latter are
also on exhibition in the Zoo. but are not
cognizant of the presence of their prey.
Kangaroos are generally found in im
frequented parts of the country, feeding
together like a herd of deer. When
frightened, the females put their young
ones Into their pouch by means of their
small front feet, or if the young are large
enough they allow them to jump in them
selves, and then away they hasten, leap
ing long distances over rocks and fallen
trees.
It is related that a gentleman, the owner
of sixty thousand sheep, barely escaped
being drowned by an "old man" once.
He enjoyed calling "hilloo" to his kanga
roo dogs, but all the amusement ceased
when an "old man" came leaping toward
him. clutched him around the waist with
his forefeet and commenced hopping
away to a large water hole to drown him
—a well-known and dangerous practice
which the kangaroos haVe in fighting
their enemies. He cried out lustily, as he
might under the circumstances he very
well excused for doing, and luckily the
faithful dogs ' .-'me to his rescue.
The first introduction to the world of
a group of animals now SO familiar was
on the 14th of July. 1770, when Captain
Cook, curing his first memorable voyage
of discovery, was detained for the pur
pose of refitting his ship at Endeavor
River, on the northeast coast of Aus
tralia. It is recorded in the annals of
the voyage that "a strange looking ani
mal entirely unknown to the ship's com
pany was frequently seen. Mr. Gore, who
went out with his sun. had the good for
tune to kill one of the animals which had
been so much the subject of our specu
lation and. which is called by the natives
kangaroo." The name has been adopted
for this animal in all European languages
with only slight modifications of spelling.
Further explorations in Australia have
led to the discovery of a very consid
erable number of species. The affinities
of the species, skins of which were
brought home by Captain Cook and sub
sequent voyagers, were recognized by
Schreoer as nearer to the American opos
sums (then the only known marsupials)
than to any other animals with which
zoologists were acquainted, and conse.
and was entirely the outcome of her
own ideas on the subject cf teaching
children kindness. Miss Ryder's pledge,
formulated by herself, bound the chil
dren taking it not to fight, nor to abuse
animals, nor stone Chinese, and al
though, like all leaders In reform, she
met with opposition at first, later ot:
Miss M. M. Murphy, principal of the
school, became convinced of th good
effects of her work and organized all
the classes into bands, every pupil be
ing required to take this triple pledge.
In February, ISO 3. at the earnest re
quest of S. D. White, principal of
quently It was placed by him in his great
work on the mammalia, then in course
of publication, in the genus "Didelphis"
with "Gigantea" for a specific designa
tion—the latter having been bestowed b;.
Ximmermann under the impression that
it was huge species of jerboa or jumping
mice as they are called.
The kangaroo forms an important arti
cle of food, and the flesh is represented
by those who have eaten it as being
somewhat like venison. Soup made of the
th-> Spring Valley Grammar School, and
with the hearty co-operation of all his
teachers, I formed twelve bands in that
school, and in the ensuing months pre
vious to my departure for a two years'
stay in the East I worked in the Den
man, Garfield, Irving, Redding and
Whittier schools, forming fifty-six
bands in all.
During my Eastern visit I carried on
this labor of mercy in various places,
and visited Mr. Angell and his co
workers, from whom I learned much
of the broadening of the work and its
good results.
The summer of 1896 I spent on the isl
and of Unalaska. Alaska, and found the
children thcr<_, notably those of the
Mission Home and of the Russian
schools, very willing to pledge them
selves to kindness to all harmless liv
ing things. While there are no horses
and but few domestic animals on this
island, there are many kinds of birds,
and a few cows, sheep and chickens,
and these they soon learned to treat
as th,- <* should. They gang our Band
of Mercy songs with great enthusiasm
am! were very proud of the Mercy
badges, one of which I gave to each
of -.hem.
In 1597 I visited Honolulu and the Isl
and of Hawaii. I found that the teach
ers in the Government schools were re
quired to instruct their pupils in pa
triotism, temperance and kindness to
animals — in fact, all those virtues
which go to ike good citizens, and so
the way as really paved for me. The
deputy inspector, T. ii. Gibson,
and all the teachers in both the Gov
ernment and independent schools, gave
me hearty co-operation, and it was in
teresting to note how harmoniously the
children of different nations
united in this one idsa of kindness. Ha
waiian?, Portuguese, Japanese and Chl-
WHEN Henry Bergh over thirty-five years ago began single
handed his crusade for the relief of abused dumb creatures in
New York he little realized how great a power for good his
comparatively feeble efforts set in motion. The work that he did
then individually is now performed in almost every town and city by
societies backed by the strong arm of the law, and even the children
have gathered them selves together in "Bands of Mercy" and vie in
friendly rivalry as to who shall most truly and constantly carry out
the principles which he taught both by precept and example.
In San Francisco a new impetus has recently been given to this
especial branch of humane organization by the appointment of a sal
aried organizer whose duty is to visit the schools that have not al
ready formed bands and endeavor to interst them in so doing.
This work was begun here several years ago by Mrs. Maria
Freeman Gray, now vice president of the American Humane Society
and county president of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union,
and by request she has given the following account of her most de
voted and successful labors.
nese all took our world-wide pledge and
gave proof of sincere determination to
keep It in both the letter and the spirit.
The highest class in the Royal (Ha
waiian^ School did not wait for me to
come to them, but hearing of my visit
to other schools wrote out and sent
me the following pledge, which was
signed by each of the sixty-two boys:
HONOLULU, H. 1., Nov. 10, 1899.
Mrs. Gray — Madam: We, the
undersigned pupils of the Rev. Alex
ander Mackintosh, principal of the
Royal School, in the city of Honolulu,
desire to show our interest in the
noble work you have at heart in pro
moting kindness and mercy to living
creatures, so we beg to inform you
that we have united in a band of
mercy' to be called the Kehehuna, or
Royal School Band of Mercy.
I afterward formed four additional
bands in this school.
The teachers and pupils of the Portu
guese school were equally glad to Join
our organization, and F. XV. Da
mon, superintendent of Chinese work
on the Islands, entered earnestly into
the spirit of the cause with the result
that a large number of the young men
of the Mills Institute formed a "Robert
Morrison Band, ' named for the first
missionary to China.
Goo Kirn, a man 60 years of
age and China's highest representative
ln the islands, also signed cur pledge
role, as did his Hawaiian wife, and in
the Chinese Girls" School two very large
bands were formed. In brief, my stay
in Honolulu and Hawaii was productive
of most excellent results, and good re
ports thereof are frequently sent me.
I am pleased to see that ether bands
are here taking up the work which lies
so near my heart. Some of the schools
wherein I instituted Bands of Mercy
In the past have, through changes of
teachers and pupils, allowed the inter
est along these lines to lapse, but in
the Spring Valley Grammar and several
other schools this has not been the case.
The Band of Mercy exercises — con
sisting of songs, recitations and a sort
of "experience meeting," wherein the
children tell of their various experi
ences in trying to lighten the load of
misery which so many animals carry
through life — are gone through with
regularly and by no means perfunc
torily, and the results are seen in the
increased gentleness and refinement of
the young members of this most bene
ficent society.
It Is, indeed, gratifying to me, who
worked against not a little opposition
at first, to see the change in public
sentiment which has taken place in
regard to this matter during the past
few years. It is the fate of pioneers to
suffer, but it is a blessed thing to know
that their 'suffering paves the way for
better things for those who come after
them. MARIE FREEMAN GRAY.
tall Is said to be far superior to the ox
tall soup made in this country and in Eu
rope.
Remains of numerous extinct species of
true kangaroos, many of them of much
larger size than those now in existence,
are abundant in the Pleistocene deposits
of Australia and have hitherto been found
in no other part of the world. Other ani
mals of gigantic size as large as a rhi
noceros lived with these kangaroos in the
came land. One species of the animal is
the rat-kangaroo, which are small -ani
mals, none of them exceeding a common
rabbit in size. They inhabit Australia
and Tasmania, are nocturnal and feed on
the leaves of various kinds of grasses
and other plants, as well as roots and
bulbs, which they dig up with their fore
paws. Then there is a genus commonly
known as the "tree-kangaroo," inhabi
tants of Xew Guinea and chiefly arboreal
in their habits, climbing with facility the
branches of large trees and feeding on
the bark, leaves and fruit. In accord
ance with, this habit their hinder limbs
are comparatively shorter than in ths
true kangaroos and their fore limbs are
longer and more robust and have very;
strong curved and pointed claws.
. .-- ■ . . . . ■ -
3132
THE SAN AN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY IG, 1899.
THE DOOR
THE INDEX TO THE HOME