VOLUME LXXXVI-NO. 154.
MANY BRITISH TROOPS CAPTURED BY BOERS
Two Regiments and a Battery
Compelled to Surrender Dur
ing the Fighting Near Lady
smith -- Disaster to Forces
Under General White Shows
That He Has Been Beaten in
Strategy by Commandant-
General Joubert.
BRITISH TROOPS CAPTURED BY BOERS
NEAR LADYS/VUTH, MONDAY.
ROYAL IRI.SH FUSILEEKS.
THE GLOUCESTER REGIMENT.
NO. 10 MOUNTAIN BATHiRY.
LONDON, Nov. 1. — An ominous curtain has again de
scended upon affairs in Xatal. No dispatch except the
official telegrams ot General Sir George Stewart White
has thus far been permitted to mention the disaster at Lady
smith Monday, and no telegram from Ladysmith has been re
ceived in London since the advices from the British com-
mander. Thi rise to a belief that communications have
already been cut. in which event some time must elapse before
details regarding British losses are received.' If the War Office
officials have received information on this point they have re
frained from publishing it. General White's estimate that the
British losses were about ninety is evidently quite separate from
the probable losses in killed and wounded among the captured
battalions.
After the receipt of General White's report of the disaster to
the British arms and the capture by the Boers of two regiments
and a Mountain Battery all sorts of reports were circulated
here. One report, which tame from Gape Town, stated that
fighting was resumed at Ladysmith yesterday (Tuesday). This
report stated: "A battle is proceeding at the foot of Umban
bane. a few miles from Ladysmith. Seventy shells have dropped
into the town."
Varied speculations are made in the newspapers as to the
British losses by the Ladysmith disaster. An unofficial state
ment places the number of men at fully 2000, while other re
ports cut the figure to 1460 and point out that both the cap
tured regiments had been in action before and had lost many
men. Then great hope is pinned to the fact that the paucity of
officers officially reported wounded does not indicate the num
ber killed, but would show that the "losses are not extreme.
( > r.e special from Ladysmith says the Boers suffered se
verely during the engagement, some estimating their loss at
900 killed and wounded.
Another report is current that General White may retire to
Pietermaritzburg while the railroad is intact. There is much
divergence of opinion in military circles as to the advisabilitv of
such a step.
Still another rumor is that General White is to be relieved
of the chief command in Natal.
PRESS OF EUROPE ON
THE BRITISH REVERSE
LONDON, Nov. I.— ln the absence of
rewa the morning papers are reduced to
as to how the disaster or
curred. The general opinion is that a mls
alry was i aspn
for the fall into the Boer trap. Vpparent
ly thi io cavalry to watch over
he missing <-,>iump.
The Morning Post, pointing out how
the i-tritlsh were to "a still greater
ter." Bays: "In capturing the column
the Boers also had the Devonshire K. m
ment practically at their men \\ , .
little more daring would have made ;i bad
much worse and, seeing that a.
MAJOR A. J. AD YE, Captured by Boers.
The San Francisco Call.
force strong enoug-h to scoop up a couple
of Infantry battalions could have put It
self practically between Sir Georpe White
and bis camp, we may he very thankful
that things to-day are not more serious
than they are. The Irsson has been a
severe on ». It Is humiliating; to rind a
nation of farmers heating soldiers at their
"\vn cam'--, but the sooner a proper respect
is had for Boer strategy and tactics the
better for our fortunes In Natal."
This Bober note is smirk by all the
morning papers to-day, together with the
ssiona of a determination to carry
th> matter through at whatever cost.
The Dally Chronicle, referring; editorial
ly to the situation, says: "After the
patent failure of the campaign and the
terrible humiliation of the British army.
«■ can only vaguely hope that Sir George
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 1, 1899.
IfPMl^i^^ «™*« the mO ve m ent wnh the uns of the artillery by alternate batter... ."-From the -
WHITE'S CANDID REPORT OF THE DISASTER
FOLLOWED BY CONSTERNATION IN ENGLAND.
LONDON, Oct. a.— The War Office received a dispatch from Lieutenant General White, commanding
the British forces at Ladysmith. reporting that the Royal Irish Fusiliers, No. 10 Mountain Battery
and the Gloucestershire Regiment wore surrounded in the hills by Boers, and after losing heavily
obliged to capitulate. General White adds that the casualties are not yet ascertained
Appended is the text of General Whites' dispatch to the War Office:
LADYS/VHTH, Oct. 30, 10:45 p. m.-I have to report a disaster
to the column sent by me to take a position on a hill to guard the
left flank of the troops. In these operations to-day the Royal Irish
Fusileers, No. 10 Mountain Battery, and the Gloucestershire Regi
ment were surrounded in the hills, and after losing heavily had to
capitulate. The casualties have not yet been ascertained.
A man of the Fusileers, employed as a hospital orderly, came
in under a flag of truce with a letter from the survivors of the col
umn, who asked for assistance to bury the dead. I fear there is no
doubt of the truth of the report.
I formed a plan in the carrying out of which the disaster oc
curred, and lam alone responsible for the plan. There is no blame
whatever to the troops, as the position was untenable.
General Whit* In a subsequent dispatch says:
•The following is a list of the officers taken prisoner to-day
'•Staff Major Adye
•■lrish Fusileers -Colonel Carleton. Major Munn, Major Klncald, Captain Burrows, Captain Rice. Cap
tain Silver, Lieutenant Heard. Lieutenant Southey, Lieutenant Phlbbs, Lieutenant McGrepory. Lleuten
ant Holmes, Lieutenant Kelly, Lieutenant Dooner, Lieutenant Kentish, Lieutenant Killehan, Lieutenant
Jeudwine, Chaplain Matthews.
"Of the above Captains Rice and Silver and Lieutenant Dooner were wounded.
'•Gloucestershire Regiment— Major Humphrey. Major Capel-Cure. Major Wallace, Captain Duncan
Captain Conner. Lieutenant Bryant, Lieutenant Nesbitt, Lieutenant Ingham. Lieutenant Davey, Lieuten
ant Knox, Lieutenant Temple. Lieutenant Radice, Lieutenant Breul, Lieutenant Hill, Lieutenant Smith
Lieutenant Mackenzie, Lieutenant Beasley. Lieutenant Gray.
"Of the above Captains Duncan and Conner were wounded.
"Royal Artillery— Major Bryant.
"Mounted Battery -Lieutenant Wheeler, Lieutenant Nugent, Lieutenant Moore, Lieutenant Webb."'
BRITONS STAGGERED BY THE NEWS OF THE DISASTER.
LONDON, Oct. 31.— While minor reverses were not wholly unexpected, nothing like the staggering
blow General Joubert delivered to General White's forces yesterday was anticipated. The full extent of
the disaster is not yet acknowledged. If it Is known at the War Office. The loss in effective men must
bo appalling to a general who is practically surrounded. Two of the finest British regiments and a mule
battery deducted from the L,adysmith garrison weakens it about a fifth of its total strength and alters
the whole situation very materially in favor of the Boers, who have again shown themselves stern fighters
and military strategists of no mean order. The disaster cost the British from 1500 to 2000 men and six
seven-pound screw guns, and as the Boer artillery is already stronger than imagined, the capture of these
guns will be a great help to th» Boers.
Further news must be awaited before It Is attempted to flx tho blame where It belongs. Genera!
White manfully accepts all the responsibility for the disaster, which apparently was at least partly due to
the stampeding of thu mules with the guns.
From the Jist It will be seen that forty-two officers were made prisoners, besides a newspaper corre
spondent. J. Hyde.
Tho interest in tha news was universal, pervading all classes and conditions of London's populace
The newspaper extras were eagerly read in business houses, in the streets and by women in their car
riages.
Then there was a rush to the War Office, which by noon was surrounded by private carriages and
hansoms, while many of the humbler class of people came on foot, all waiting and watching for the names
they held dear. Never was the old saying. "Bad news travels quickly." bettor exemplified here than to
day. By noon gloom and bitter Borrow prevailed throughout the British metropolis.
At the Government offices no effort was made to conceal the feeling of dismay prevailing. One offi
cial said to a correspondent: "It is inexplicable, and T am sorry to say that its moral effect is inestima
ble. We have lost heavily In many wars and have had regiments .almost wiped out; but to have regiments
captured, and by the Boers, it is terrible."
The disaster had an Immediate effect on the Stock Exchange, where consols fell %. South African
securities dropped heavily, Rand linos falling two points. Rio Tintos fell %.
The throngs of visitors at tho War Office remained all day. Anxious people practically fought
their way to the notice board. Most affecting scenes were witnessed. Many women were hoard to
gasp, "Thank God. he"s alive, at ;uiy rate: 1 v they found the name of some beloved one on the' list of
prisoners. The sidewalks were packed with solid masses awaiting their turn to enter.
There wns a continuous stream of callers at tho War Office until a late hour, everybody anxiously
Inquiring regarding yesterday's casualties, but the War Office declared that nothing had been received since
Sir George White's dispatch communicating the news of the capture of the Royal Irish Fusileers and
the Gloucestershire regiments.
This delay In getting further Intelligence is attributed in part to the breakdown of the East Coast
cable; but it stands to reason that the War Office must be possessed of further news which it is nrohahlv
not thought advisable should be published yet. ' u»uiy
The disaster has caused a feeling akin to consternation, and in Gloucestershire and the North of
White, in the hard days that lie before
him. may bo able to hole', Ladysmith. Re
treat would be an undertaking which the
imagination fails to grasp. If this war
Is to be a war of vengeance, we shall
have to wipe out a disaster before which
the memory of Majuba fades away. Tho
empire is face to face with a repulse
comparable only to the uurronder of
CLOSE OF THE BATTLE ON THE BRITISH RIGHT.
Burgoyne to the embattled farmers of
our American colonies. If the catastrophe
cal4s forth something better than music
hall patriotism we may come to reckon
It aB a timely lesson well earned for the
good of our "souls."
The Daily News says: "If it Is found
possible to move the stores. Sir George
White will probably be ordered to wlth
The dispatch further says:
Sill! W^^^^^^^SM
srrcu a nr sa "" c trap ' out ot ~ hich ' - rxsi s^srsssf
General White advanced with the idea of driving the Boers from the hill seven miles -* -■*»
General Joubert made an ostentatious show of fortifying on Sunday. OUt> Whlch
The Boer commander left a force sufficient to draw General White on while the m-. B « n f m, r>
difficulty, and during the turning movement his troops suffered from a flanking fire g '
Harsh things are said in military circles of the British tactics which have made Dos^ble th* a ™
bush of the Eighteenth Hussars at Glencoe. and now the loss of two fine regime™ It is feared ?E~t
Sir George White Is no match for the Boers in cunning, and it is pointed out that "if the Brkish i
manders continue to load their men into obvious traps further disasters must be looked for ""
An interview is published with a British officer whose name is withheld, but who is described «•
"a well-known general with a distinguished record during the Indian mutiny," in the course of wE ha
passes severe criticism upon the conduct of the campaign. <-uurse 01 wmcn ne
.? "Yesterday's disaster.',; ay the officer, "is only another proof of serious blundering. Although Sir
George White Is a good regimental commander, he does not seem to excel in strategy or the mfnage
ment of a big division. I regard the Glencoe business as another example of blundering " mana S
Proceeding to discuss the engagement at Glencoe, the officer observes
"Some of the enemy's officers were allowed to occupy and plant guns on Talana hill. Nothing was
done to stop this until the Boers began to shell Glencoe on the following morning. As for yesterday* cas
ualty, it seems Inexcusable that the two regiments should have been allowed to separate themselves
from the main body, especially with a considerable swarm of the enemy against them I know lam ex
pressing the opinion of many military officers. We are disgusted with the War Office for having nrema"
turely allowed the issuance of glowing reports of victories without equal frankness and promptitude in
disclosing the circumstances discounting these reports." p *
Sir George White's honest admission of full responsibility and the terms of his dispatch are re
garded in some circles as virtually placing his case in the hands of the home authorities and it Is
even rumored late this evening that the War Office has already decided to supersede him The report
however, is discredited In well informed quarters. ******
. About 6000 fresh troops will arrive at Cape Town on Sunday next from England and will be avail
able to reinforce Sir George White. Transports will arrive there daily after Sunday until by the end
of next week 28,000 troops will have been landed in South Africa. These men are Intended for General
Sir Redvers Buller's army, but they will undoubtedly be sent to Natal if the situation there should be
come perilous. The British army will eventually reach the huge total of 89,650, of which 69.634 will bo
regulars and the other 20,000 miscellaneous, but excellent colonial troops.
* TREPARATIONS TO CALL OUT SECOND ARMY CORPS.
LONDON, Oct. 31.— The War Office has sent the following dispatch to General Buller:
"Three extra battalions of foot and one mountain battery with reserves will leave England dur
ing the course of ten days to make good the casualties." ,
The commander-iri-chlef, Field Marshal Lord Wolseley. has Issued an order for the mobilization b-
November 6 of the reserves of the Suffolk, Essex and Derbyshire regiments, which will be added to the
South Africa forces. ' .
LONDON, Oct. 31— The War Office has ordered the Second Army Corps to be in readiness to be called
out. . . •
The military officials have not yet decided whether the consummation of the plan will be necessary
but they are determined to have everything in readiness either for a demonstration in Europe of Greet
Britain's capabilities or for sending even a larger force to the scene of action.
Until the receipt of the news of the Lady smith disaster the latter course was considered out of the
question, but now there is no knowing what steps will be decided upon.
The preparation to call out the Second Army Corps, taken In conjunction with the extraordinary naval
activity here, has again aroused the belief in British circles that the Government has good reason to
anticipate European hostility. No reason to justify this latest reiteration of rumors "of Russian. French or
German Intervention can be found, however. It was learned on good authority that the motive consists to
quote an official. In wanting to "show the other fellows what we can do," and is on a line with calling
out the militia, a purely precautionary measure dictated by the necessity of bringing up the home mili
tary force to Its normal strength, or rather a strength proportionate with the necessities .of a nation en
gaged In a foreign war. Still it is doubtful, whether the Second Corps will be actually called out That
development depends on two circumstances— the attitude of European nations, as evinced by this
first serious British, reverse; second, upon the judgment of General Buller. who. finding the conditions not
50 favorable as expected, may demand the troops. ,
It does not follow that the entire army corps, even if called out. will be sent to General Buller It
Is more probable that It will be kept home to supply the places of units sent out in consonance with
General Buller's wishes. Upon the present organization these home forces are supposed to be capable
of raising at short notice three army corps. Should the War Office decide upon raising a second corns
It will necessitate the calling out of more reserves. v
draw upon Colenso. If the order is not
given it will be because a removal of the
stores would be too risky."
The Morning Post calls attention to Sir
George White's use of the word "capitu
lation," remarking that It suspects the
word was used carelessly. It says; "We
prefer to assume that the column fougnt
until it was cut to pieces and .all the am
munition was pone. Capitulation is a
word of shame. Troops in the field cannot
capitulate without disgrace, and disaster
is not necessarily dißhonor."
The Times says: "We have met with a
considerable reverse. It is for the nation
to show that it can bear ill-fortune with
courage and dignity."
There Is no general desire evinced on
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
the part of the morning papers to criti
cize 0r George White harshly pending the
arrival of further details. On the con
trary, the disposition is to admire his
manly courage in assuming full respon
sibility. Abroad, especially in France
no pains is taken to disguise the satisfac
tion in consequence of the British rebuff
In Paris every means of spreading the2
DECLARES GENERAL
BULLER A BUTCHER
An English Officer Speaks of the
Man Who Has Been 7 Sent to
Crush the Boers,
G!ACK>, Oct B.— Major James Robert Douglas Graham, who left England
city. He Is an officer of the Seventeenth Lancers.
served tn South Africa !n the Zulu war and became familiar
with the Boers. He was a friend of Blr W. P. Bymons. He knows General
iteetna Sir Archibald Hunter, General White's chief of staff at
Ladyi : • md's coming strategist. In an Interview to-day Major Gra
ham s.iid:
'•When 1 left England all military men were forecasting the Boer war. Gen
eral Buller is v man of V I your Grant, first of all an aggressive fighter.
liked heartily at home. Officers under him have never liked him; I
have a free hand in Africa, however. He is not so much
Ist as n hammer and anvil He cares nothing for m^n's lives so he gains
• pity the Boers if defeated in battle an. i their linos become broken.
artillery on thejr retreating mas? and order tho cavalry to ride
t!i*roi^:l! th'ir r>iut without quarter. Personally I would'like to have seen a more
tianinn us epmraander in South Africa, but his worst enemy can't deny that
dous lighter." ,
news was utilized. Some of the more dig
niliod paDefcsAfdopted a respectful and
sympathetic tone, 'but the majority were
overjoyed. The editor of the Patrie hung
fhV Transvaal • and Orange Free State
fl&t^oiif -of- the office windows. The
Vresssrej predicts- a general revolt of the
D v uleh'p.opuJation in South Africa. The
So!r- : Wtnts its rogret that France did not
adopt-., a. different attitude during the Fa
shoda crisis. , The Courier de Soir thinks
the Continenfal powers will propose arbi
tration;-Yvos Guyot, in the Slecle, is al
most alone,. in supporting Great Britain
againgt the Boers. ; '.:_,
The Irish Nationalist papers are quite
gleeful. The Dublin Evening Telegraph,
John Dillon's paper, says: "A big bully
triumphant 'is- no lovely spectacle, but a
big bully beaten is the very acme of dis
grace.'.'-, \
The Dublin Evening Herald ridicules the
idea of Great Britain menacing Russia
after Sir George White's message. " "*•
BERLIN, Oct. 31.— The Berlin papers
have had very little to say so far regard
ing the British disaster at Ladysralth, but
they, show a disposition to magnify it and
to .^criticize Sir George White's tactics
severely upon what one paper styles his
"endeavor to deceive the public." There
is little doubt, however, that in view of
Emperor .William's coming visit to Eng
land the opinions held in high quarters
will Influence the newspaper comments.
ROME. Oct. 31.— With the exception of
the organs of the Vatican the Italian
newspapers sympathize with England in
her misfortune.
, VIENNA,. Nov. I.— The general public
throughout Austria so far as can be
judged from the utterances of the press
seems rather glad that the British have i
met with a reverse.
MORE GUNS FROM THE
POWERFUL BEING LANDED
ffDON, Nov. I.— The Daily Tele-;
graph thus summarizes the situation In
of the Gloucesters, the Royal
Fusi leers and the mountain batl
Is no long-er in
were surrounded In
Ills after . Ily, and ha
■ In hi? dispatch published
I the fact that this
re! ■ ". with th" main
:< c. A hospital
oadcrly, owning into camp under a Bag j
• ■■ first to make
jhv ratef.bf the missing battalions
only yielded after a
rate struggle.
White adds that he alone Is re
f ir the plan which led to the
troops were wi I
position was untenable.
■ ■ iper corre
have been captured. The
• two regiments was prob-
LCh.
!r!-h Pusileers stormod the heights
! >st heavily. They must
have furtl er depleted as the result
■ trying march from Glencoe to
| At Reltfontein tlio GJouces
the brunt of ■■ th.> fight, so they
gone out on Sunday night aot
I rong.
wit tain battery of four guns
there would be under I 1 "' men. The total
fore, wmi'i! be about 1600 men.
Three battalions and one mountain bat
•■.■'.-. reserve ni<-n will leave Eng
land In ten days to make good the casual-
Mi Africa. Th» regiments ,i.-c
leac and Sherwood Forest
is required to bring up the
units to a war strength aro warned \,,
Join npj lr.-.T than the 6th inst
More guns are being landed from th«
Power ■ ■ ngthen 'General White's
- s-=-a communication
from and the railway perfectly
■ fri>m Durban, Ladysmlth may as
sume thajt the recent losses will very
promptly be more than repaired.
BOERS EXPECT MAFEKING
AND KIMBERLEY TO FALL
LONDON', Oct. . Advices from Cap«
■Town state that an Englishman, who has
arrived at Allwal North from Pretoria
whence he "was expelled by way of Bloem
fontein, says that when he left Pretoria
ail the stores there were carrying on busi
ness,-as usual, and President Kruger was
NO MONEY IN ADVANCE
;;;jor A cure,
Alllnr men who treat with Dr. Meyers
*: C<7. 'mis' deposit the price ' of a cure
in any Ra.i> I'rancisco bank, where It may
remain until .they are well or returned
to themli li.'-v are not' cured within a
reasonable time. Such an offer puzzles
specialists, electric belt agents, .
etc., who have not the ability to cure,
but Dr. Meyers & Co. never fall to get
pay for thejr nervices on this proposition,
f^ifferei-s who- prefer may pay for their
cure in i: ■•stilly Installments.
Dr. Meyers & Co.'« treatment (harm-
less .but effective) has been . curing and
( restoring weak . and , diseased men for
'. ■Sore than eighteen years. Prlceu reason- !
' .able! to rich and poor. Free consultation
.und advice,. No charge for medicines or
.-^appliances.. '
' Dr. Meyers * Co. have learned by vast
experience that- it pays to cure their
■ r patients. Oji« man who ha« been re-
.'■•store(l to healtirand etrenstn la worth"
,'■. more to the doctors as an advertisement
. r tii. I!, many columns of newspaper space.
:.< Home cures a specialty. It you cannot
;-ica!l.. -write foc^Xree advice, prlvato books,
terms, pricep, etc. All letters ooaflden-
. tlal. ■ Hemedies sent by mall or -express,
■Viice from obFervatlon, , -,. ■;.".T' ; '~"""' '".
DR. • MEYERS & CO. "
.^ v -: 73i. ntAitu'ET ST., 3. P.
"...lake Lie valor to Third Floor. s s
B\ I .baiiy, < i to 5. '". " . ■' > ,/ ; :;£
JJOf»a. j Evenin»»; .7.t0 8, - ' •-'-; ■•*
t ". I Sundays. 9to 11. .> ' '"',■■'■ £
f till there. He did not see any wounded
at Johannesburg. Some of the Transvaal
papers are still publishing and contain
glowing accounts of the success of the
Boer army, ?nyirrp that Kimbprley and
Mafeklng are expected to fall at any
moment. ft-hile Bechuanaland is con
quered and annexed, that the Republican!
arms are also successful In Natal and ihat
the Burghers are continuing their vic
torious march south, capturing British
prisoners and stores.
The papers admit that the tattle of
Elands Laagte was a reverse for the
Boers, who lost thirty killed and many
wounded, and that eighty-five Boers were j
made prisoners. Ladyamith, according to '
the Boor newspapers, is soon to be taken. •
The Englishman added that the Boers •
are absolutely confident of their ultimate,
triumph and believe the whole 'if Natal
is already practically in their hands.
A dispatch from Vryburg dated October !
25. gives a report of a speech of Com- ]
mandant Delarey when hoisting the Boer
flag there. He declared that the flag of
the republic was now floating over the
whole country north of the Orange River
and tjiat the British flag would neVer
again float there unless hoisted over the ;
dead bodies of the Burghers. 'ompiete
order prevailed at Vryburg.
Advices from Kimberley ur.d»r date of
October 27, received through a dlsnatch
rider at Orange River October SO. rep rt
that all the wounded are progressing
favorably.
It also appears thnt as they are unable
to blow up the pWs of the Madder River
bridge, the Boers are demolishing? them
stone by stone. They have blown up
practically every culvert from the Modeler
River to -he Orange River.
An armored train, strongly supported,
made a reconnoiasance October 27 and
found the Boers still at Spytfontetn.
GENERAL BULLER WELCOMED.
LONDON, Oct. Sl.— While announce
ment to-day of the arrival of General
Puller at Cape Town was receives by the
British with unfeigned satisfaction, it is
pointed- out the general cannot end tho
war without an army corps, and some of
the troops which are to compose it have
not even left England for South Africa.
Dispatches from Cape Town show that
General Buller's reception there was most
enthusiastic. He was welcomed by Gen
eral Sir Frederick Forester-Walker. after
which they both entered a carriage and
drove to the Government House, escorted
by mounted police and mounted volun
teers. They were wildly cheered by the
throngs of people linifct? tin r<>ute. 1 There
were cries of "Aven;ifc Majuba" and wild
cheers for' the "general.'. General Buller's
face was impassive as he returned mili
tary salutes for the cheers. . •
. . .—. •" ~ ■ . ■
WALES IS INTERESTED.
LONDON, Oct. 31.— Lato thi^ evening
Prince of Wales and the Marquis of
F;i!isl>iiry sent their respective secretaries
to the War Office to make Inquiries, but
the reply given was that no further news
had been received* L>arge crowds still
waited in the vicinity shortly before mid
night.
The tidings of disaster will have the ef
fect of giving a strong Impulse to the pop
ular movement to raise funds for the ben
efit of the wives and children of the men
at the front. The War Office, under the
.-iignriturcs of the Marquis of Lansdowne,
Secretary of State for War, and General
Lord Wolseley, commander in chief, has
Issued a long statement Indicating the
best methods of distributing the money
thus raised.
ANNEXATION ACCEPTED.
LONDON, Oct. 31.— The Colonial Office
received this evening- a dispatch from Sir
Alfred Milner, Governor of Cape Colony.
saying that he had issue-:! a proclamation
in reply to the Boer proclamation annex
ing a portion of Cape Colony, in the
course of which lie had warned British
subjects to disregard all such annexation
pronouncements. Sir Alfred adds, how
ever, that so far as he can discover the
people north of the Vaal Itlver accept the
alleged annexation as a fact.
ONE CABLE BREAKS.
NEW YORK. Oct. 31 —The French Tele
graphic Cables Company has sent out the
following notice:
"The Eastern Cable Company notifies !
us that the Lourenzo Marques and Mo
zambique cable broke down early this j
morning, cutting off communication with j
South Africa by the East Coast route, i
In the meantime traffic is circulating by j
the West Coast route, which is working j
well."
SLOCUM GOES TO TRANSVAAL
WASHINGTON, Oct. 81.— The recent or
ders assigning Colonel Samuel F. Sumner,
Sixth Cavalry, military attache of the
United States Embassy at London, to
duty with the British in the Transvaal
have been revoked. Captain 8. L. Slu
cum, Eighth Cavalry, military attache at
Vienna, has started for the Transvaal and
probably will be the only United States
military representative at the seat of war.
BOERS GATHER AT DEWDROP.
LONDON, Oct. 31.— Advices from Cape j
Town show that the Boers aro gathering
in considerable force at Dewdrop, south
west of Ladysmitn, while large forces
of Boers are advancing over the Help
roaaka road. A big camp of Boers is to
be formed between Harrlsmith bridge
and Potgietere Farm camp, at Dewdrop,
which. It Is said, will extend four miles.
COLONEL YULE PROMOTED.
LONDON, Nov. I.— The Gazette an- !
nounces the promotion of Substantive j
Lieutenant Colonel W. A. Yule to the rank
of major general on the staff to command
the Eighth Brigade of the South African \
field, forces, with the substantive rank of ;
colonel In the army.
TURNED INTO A HOSPITAL.
ni'IIBAN, Natal, October 81.— The Leg
islative building ha* been transformed
into a hospital for the Boer and British
wounded, who will be treated alike.
TO SHELL KIMBERLEY.
CAPE TOWN, Oct. 81.— la reported
from Barkley West "that the Boers are
constructing forts around . Kiraberlay . for
the purpose i)t shelllinr Uie town. 3
lIIE SAN FEANCTSCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 1. 1899.
PRESIDENT McKINLEY ATTENDS THE
LAUNCHING OF THE SHUBRICK
Chief Executive Speaks of the Nation's Present Pros=
perity and the Brilliant Outlook for
the Future.
AS THE SHUBRICK WILL APPEAR WHEN COMPLETED.
RICHMOND, Va., Oct. 81.— The tor- I
pedo-bcat Shubrick was launched
here to-day In the presence of
President McKinley, many mem
. b<>rs of his Cabinet, Governor Tyler
' of Virginia and an immense out
| pouring of people. The demonstration
was marred in some of its features by a
heavy rainstorm. The civic carnival i
parade had to be abandoned until to-mor- j
I row owing to the weather, and the deco-
J rations of the buildings presented a be
draggled and woe-begone appearance.
: Bui the people, residents as well as
i visitors from other Virginia cities and J
\ points outside, who came to witness the .
j launching and see the President, were ;
j enthusiastic.
' .The Presidential train arrived on time,
' and ns it rolled through the suburbs of
! the city '.he Howitzer Battery fired a
I Presidential salute. At the Elba station
|at the west end, where the Presi
| dent debarked and took a carriage, he
| was formally welcomed by Mayor Taylor
; and responded with a brief speech. Im-
I mediately after this ceremony the Presi
j dent and party were driven to the Jetfer
; son Hotel and held an Informal reception
j in the Franklin-street lobby of the build-
I ing. It is estimated that . 1000 persons
| shook hands with, him before he would
; permit the police to clear the way for
j him to go to his private apartments.
A little later 'luncheon was served in che
dining-rooms of the hotel, some 300
, persons sitting down, and then the Presi
; dential 1 party was driven to the shipyard,
i the President being cheered warmly along
the route. At the yard an immense crowd
I had assembled. -; The President, having
been introduced from the stand by Mayor
! Taylor, spoke as follows: ."-..-■'
j Mr. Mayor, Ladies and' Gentlemen: I am
j glad to meet my ' fellow-cltlzens of Richmond
and to Win with them In this Interesting cele
, Nation in honor hit the launching of the tof
* tiedo-liosu Shubrick, , built in . this.. city, ,of
American material, by the labor of American
workmen, for the use of the. American , navy.
I Vcongf'attilate'J ■.builders ■•, sind . 'workmen upon
this evidence of their 1 sKill and Industry,-, so
| qredi table to the' manufacturing company and
; so", highly commended by the , officers of the
<Jk>v«.nimeiu. .-•' '. .i.-..-" ■' : . ••-...■ . •
.This Ib not the .first contribution which
Richmond hag marie to our splendid navy. ' She
equipped th* warship Texas with all her ma
chinery, boilers and engines, which wore tried
;irvd tested with entire satisfaction in the
brilliant' naval engracement In the harbor of
Santiago, when that gallant vessel so Blori
ously aß3lsted In the destruction of Cervera"s
fleet, winning a memorable victory and hasten
i ing an honorable, and enduring peace. ' I heart
: ily rejo'ce with th» people of this (Trent city
■■•: ii Its - industrial revival and upon the
, notable prosperity It Is feeling In all of Its
I huplnt'Bs enterprises. You are taking ad
vantage of th« commercial opportunities |of
the hour. You are advancing in manufactures,
, extending your markets and receiving a de
served share of the world's trade.
What can be more " gratifying to as than
tne present condition of the country. A uni
versal love of country and a noble national
. spirit animate all the people. We are on the
beat terms with each other and on most cor
dial relations with every power of the earth.
We have ample revenues with which to con
duct the Government. No deficit menaces our
BROUGHT IN MANY
SICK PROSPECTORS
Revenue Cutter Bear
Arrives at Seattle.
Special Dispatch to The CaJl.
SEATTLE, Oct. 31 —After a cruise in
Alaskan waters as far north as Point
Barrow, the United States revenue cutter
Bear, Captain Jarvis, returned to Seattle
to-day. She had sixty odd sick and desti
tute prospectors, gathered up at various
northland points. At St. Michaels, which
point she left October 8. the Bear took
aboard ten United States prisoners, five
of whom are accused of murder, and con
veyed them to the United States peni
tentiary at Sitka. Fifteen men who had
been ordered out of Cape Nome by the
local authorities were also brought to this
city on the Bear.^They are accused of no
particular offense other than tljat they
had no visible means of support and were,
It is said, regarded by the Cape Nome
officials as desperate men.
The Bear railed at St. George Island, on
the coast of which the steamer Laurada
lies beached. Captain Jarvis says the
Laurada's upper works are nearly all
gone, and ho thinks it improbable that
the vessel can be saved in anything like
her entirety.
MESSENGER ASSAULTED
BY A TRAIN ROBBER
DENISON, Texas, Oct. 31.— T0-night
while theMissourl, Kansas and Texas train
from Sherman, Texas, was In the city
limits, a train robber made a murderous
assault on Express Messenger Concannon,
dealing him a blow which, it is thought'
will prove fatal. When the train arrived
at the depot Conductor Romer discovered
the messenger on the floor with blood ooz
ing from a ghastly wound.
The express car was robbed of a con
siderable sum of money, but the agent re
fuses to give the amount. The Sheriff and
posse are en route to the scene of the
robbery. It Is rumored that a package
containing $5000 was taken and the olH
cers say that fully $10,000 is missing.
Bishop Neely Dead.
PORTLAND, Me., Oct. 31.— Henry Ad
ama Neely. Bishop of the Protestant
Episcopal diocese of Maine, died at 9
o'clock to-night.
To Cure La Grippe in Two Days
Take. Laxative Brpmo Quinine > Tablets. ■:. All
drugßliitfc rofiind.' the money '.If It fails to cure,
E, W. Grove' signature Is on each box. tSo.
credit. Money Is abundant In volume and un
questioned in value.
Confidence in the present a,id faith In the
future are firm and strong and should not be
shaken or unsettled. The people are doing j
business on both principles and should be let
encouraged rather than hindered In
their efforts to increase the trade of the coun
try and find new and profitable markets for
their products. Manufacturing was never so
active and so universally enjoyed throughout
all the States.. Work was never so abundant.
The transportation companies were never so
taxed- to handle the freight offered by the
people for distribution. The home and for
eign markets contribute to our prosperity.
Happily the latter has increased without any
diminution of the former. Your locomotives
go to Russia, the witch cases from my little
city of Canton to Geneva, the bridges of Phil
adelphia span the Nile and the products of
the American farm and factory are carried
upon every sea and find welcome In most of
the ports of the world.
In what respect would we change these
happy conditions, with the promises they give
of the future? The business activity in every
part Of the country, the better rewards to la
bor, the wider markets for the yield of the
soil and the shop, the increase of our ship
building, not only for Government but for
purposes of commerce; the enormous increase
of our export trade In manufactures and agri
culture the great comforts of the home and
the happiness of the people, the wonderful up
lifting of the business condition* of Virginia
and the South and of the whole country, make I
this not only an era of goodwill, but an era of j
good times.
It is a great pleasure to me to stand in this
historic capital and to look Into the faces
of my countrymen here assembled and to feel <
and to know that we are all Americans, stand-
Ing as one for the Government we love and
mean to uphold; united for the honor of the !
American nation and for the faithful fulfill
ment of every obligation which national duty
requires. I cannot forget— l could not forget
In this presence- my acknowledgment to the
men of Virginia for their hearty and. patriotic |
support of the flag In -the war with Spain and
for their continued and unflinching loyalty in
the suppression of the Insurrection In Luzon
against the authority of the United States. i
They came in swift response to the call of i
the country— b«»st blood of the. State, the |
sons of noble Mres— asking for service at the i
battle front, where the fighting was the i
hardest arid the danger the greatest. The rolls I
of the Virginia*. volunteers domain' the names ;
of the bravest and best, some, /if them the dor |
scendants of ' the most illustrious Virginians |
of Its earliest and latest times. They have
shed their blood for the flag of their faith and I
are.now defending, It with .their, lives in the
distant Islands of • the s«-a. All honor to the
American army and navy! All honor lias
been shown the men returning from the field
of hostilities and all honor attends those who
have gone to take their places.
- My Fellow Citizens: Two' great historical
events, Veparated by a period of eighty-four
years, affecting the life of the republic and
of awful import to mankind, took place on the
soil of Virginia. Both were participated In by j
Virginians and both, marked mighty epochs. in
the history of the nation. The one was at York- '
town In 1781, when Cornwallls surrendered to j
Washington, which was the beginning of the j
end of the war with Great Britain and the !
dawning of Independence and union. The great i
Virginian, page and patriot. Illustrious com- '
mander and wise statesman, installed the re
public in the family of nations. It has with
stood every shook In war or peace from without
or within, experiencing its gravest crisis in
the Civil War. The othjr. at Appomatox. was;
the conclusion of that crisis and the beginning '■
of a unification now happily full and complete,
resting In the good will and fraternal affection '
of one toward another of all the people. Wash
ington's terms of peace with Cornwall la se
cure. the ultimate union of the Colonies; those
of Grant with Lee the perpetual union of the
States. Both events were mighty gains for j
OPENING OF THE
SUISSER TRIAL
Only Five Jurors Have
Been Secured.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAIJXAS, Oct. 31.— The Superior Court I
room was crowded all day to-day with •
I resident* of Monterey County, who were
i interested in the trial of George Sulsser, ;
I the young man who on the night of Sep
tember 18 tried to annihilate the Dolaney
family, attempted to murder Constable j
Allen and committed arson on the De- j
| laney premises and did assassinate Sheriff
Henry R. Farley. Suisser has probably I
the best attorney in the county, but j
nevertheless the evidence is strong and i
public opinion so great that it is asserted !
that the Jury will not dare under oath to !
give other than a verdict of murder in
the first degree.
At 10 o'clock the case was opened and \
from that time till 5 p. m. the various at- j
I torneys and the Judge battled with jurors '
i In an effort to get twelve competent and '
i unbiased men. At the time the court
| closed for the day only five had been se- ;
1 cured. The people were represented by
District Attorney Andreasen, Deputy
I Thomas J. Rlorda'n and Thomas Renison, I
while C. F. Lace? and G. A. Daugherty !
represented the defendant.
| Judge Dorn was as desirous of securing ;
I good jurors as the attorneys were and '
the examination was exhaustive and per
tinent. Seventy-five men were summoned, :
but from the present outlook a special
venire will he necessary before a satis
factory twelve can be secured.
Suissor still retains his bravado air ;
and asserts he will be cleared. The jurors
: selected to-day were: W. F. Harvey. J.
iJ. Hendrlckson, T. C. Herbert, D. P. I
i Crawford and N. T. Landrum.
Dr. Parker's Couph Cure. One dose will gtop
a cough. Never falls. Try It, 25c. All drugglats.*
"Duly Feed
Man and Steed."
Feed your nerves, also, on pure blood if
you <would have them strong. Men and
'women vvho are nervous are so because
their nerves are starved. When they
make their blood rich and pure with Hood's
Sarsaparilla their nervousness disappears
because the nerves are properly fed.
the human family, and a proud record for a
nation of free men. • Those were triumphs in
which we all have a share. Both are common
heritage. The one made the nation possible,
the other made the nation Imperishable. Now
no Jarring: note mars the harmony of the union.
The seed of discord has no sower and no soil
upon which to live. The purveyor or hata. if
there be one left, is without a following. The
voice which would kindle the flame of passion
and prejudice Is rarely heard and no longer
headed In any part of our beloved country.
"Lord of the Universe
Shield us and guide us;
Trusting Thee always
Through shadow and sun.
Thou hast united us:
Who shall divide us?
Keep us, oh. keep us
The many In one."
Associated with this great commonwealth
are many of the most sacred ties In our na
tional life. From here came forth many of
our greatest statesmen and heroes, who gave
vigor and virtue and glory to the republic.
For thirty-seven of the sixty-one years from
1789 to ISSO sons of Virginia occupied the Pres
idential office with rare fidelity and distinc
tion a period covering more than one-fourth
of our national existence. What nation can
have a greater heritage than such names as
Washington, , Jefferson, Madison, Monroe and
Marshall: their deeds inspire the old and the
young. They are written in our histories. They
are a part of the education of every child of
the land. They enrich the school books of the
country. They are cherished In every American
home, and will be so long as liberty lasts and
the Union endures.
My countrymen, the sacred principles pro
claimed In Philadelphia in 1776, advanced to
glorious triumph at YorktowVi. made effective
In the formation of the Federal Union in 17*7.
sustained by. the, heroism of all our people In
every foreign conflict, sealed in solemn cove
nant at Appomattox Courthouse, sanctified by
the blood of the men of the South and the
North at Manila and Santiago and in Porto
Rico, have lost none of their force and virtue,
and the people of the United States will meet
their new duties and responsibilities with un
failing devotion to these principles and with
unfaltering purpose to uphold and advance
them.
Standing near the close of the century, we
can look backward with congratulations and
pride, and forward Into the new century with
confidence and courage. ■ The memories of the
past Inspire, us to nobler effort and higher en
d«ivors.;; It is for us to guard the sacred trust
transmitted by our fathers ami pass it on to
those who follow this Government of the free,
strengthening Its principles and greatenlng Its
power for .the execution of Its beneficent
mission.
.At the conclusion of the President's
speech. Secretary of the Navy l>ong was
introduced by the Mayor and in a brief
speech acknowledged the reception given
him by the crowd.
The launching: which followed was a
groat -success, the boat being christened
by little Carrie Shubrick of Rocky Mount,
N. C, great-ftrandniece of Commodore
Shubrick, with the usual formalities. It
was a side launching, but the boat took
the water like a duck, amid enthusiastic
cheering and the tooting of steam
whistles.
On the christening stand were little
Miss Carrie Shubrick. who christened the
boat: her maids of honor, Miss Mary
Curtis, Elizabeth Preston and Roberta
Trigg. Dr. and Mrs. John T. Shubrick,
parents of the sponsor. Mrs. William R.
Trigg and several of the Shubrick con
nections.
Miss Shubrick la 10 years old. She wore
a dress of white silk trimmed with white
satin ribbons. Her hat was white with
white tips. She carried a bouquet of
American beauty roses.
MARC ONI SYSTEM
FOR THE ISLANDS
American Company Is
Established.
6r*>clnl tMspateh to The Call.
M i I
■ munication by Slgnor Marconi's wireless '
I system is to be established between five
■of the Hawaiian Islands by a company of
Americans.
Frederick J. Cross of the firm of Catton,
Neill & Co., engineers, of Honolulu, who
is now in this city, has closed a contract
for an American company in Hawaii. Al- :
though many engineers regarded the con
nection of the five islands by cable as
impracticable, because of coral reefs, on
which a cable is soon covered with a ooral
growth, which renders breaks frequent,
and repair exceedingly difficult, the Amer- |
lean company had about decided to at- j
tempt it, as the needs of telegraphic com- 1
munication had grown most urgent. Then
Signor Marconi's achievements were
heard of and Mr. Cross was sent to this
country to view the workings of his sys
ten^as used by The Call and Herald dur
ing the international yacht races. He
found that the Marconi system would cost '
much .less and be more practicable in
many ways than a cable. A regular tele- !
graph business will be done by the com
pany Installing the wireless system. The
distances over which communication will
be established will vary from eight to six- !
ty-one miles.
This message was received in this city
via Navesink, to-day by the Marconi sys
tem
"ON BOARD THE NEW YORK— 9:3O
a. m.— The fresh blow was too strong for
the Massachusetts' spar, so no communi
cation was established until the Massa
chusetts passed In. We worked with the
Massachusetts last night thirty-six miles,
going to the Tompkinsville anchorage, the
Massachusetts remaining inside the hook.
We will go out again to-morrow. The i
Massachusetts lost her anchor in this '
morning's ' blow. This is via Navesink,
with which we worked O. K."
The United States cruiser New York
and the battle-ship Massachusetts, which
j went out to sea on Monday to experiment
| upon wireless telegraphy, passed in Sandy
Hook at 9 o'clock this morning, the Mas
sachusetts anchoring 'In the lower bay
1 and the New York proceeding toward the
i city. - ■■■ ■• ' "■>>.■ ■'■■ -■•;■>: ■ ■ I -
Mother and Daughter Murdered.
PITTSFIELD, Mass.. Oct. 31.— Mrs.
Rhoda Horton and her daughter, Eliza
Jane, were shot and killed in their farm
house, a half mile from Hancock, near
the western border of the State, by George
Harrtman, a farmhand. Harriman also
shot himself and his recovery ia doubtfuL
.:•''.. ADVERTISEMENTS.
• ] ■ . i . . — _
I Confidence I
m Women confide their troubles to Mrs. Pink- $
£ ham and rely upon her advice. • m
& . Mrs. Pinkham's counsel is safe counsel. $
g Woman's life is a constant crisis. From
•& girlhood to womanhood, then to motherhood
]S and so on to the perils of the "change of life." !&
-The history of every step is on Mrs. Pinkham's
5J records thousands of times and her vast ex-
perience and confidential advice is at the free
>[ disposal of every woman who writes to her for *v
f? aid. Her address is Lynn, Mass. — rt-
*A '*vir»KM. — ia-^r — \r
!a Your Medicine is a Godsend" V/i\i\ \
; Writes Mrs* Phillips* ... : X; ly\"l/v|(ij|
'v "Dear Mrs. Pinkham — I want to thank I i 1/11 I
& you for what you have done for me. When 'is yL«L* 5 ? ja
I wrote to you last June. I was almost a total Ljjs|r'^K*t|
jL wreck from female weakness. I was troubled S^jSwl^ ICr
XT with irregular and painful menstrua- j^SSk^ *^s^(Ni|y No\
9 tion.leucorrhoea, bearing-down pains, •Jmn|||&i h&t^ ffjl^i iSm
■gra soreness, and swelling of abdomen; , W*y I -, c -ppp I
pain at right and left of womb ; head- "wP\^ *?/
ache, backache, nervousness, and jT \
could neither eat nor sleep well. .*/ fe^
jC. ham's Vegetable Compound, '
Liver Pills, and using your San- -^^^
& ative Wash, Ido not feel like W^^^^
the same person. lam so glad /Tf^ \
m& nerves are stronger and more y^vQ uNk I \\\
steady than ever before in my /^^^^So*iMmfl'/| jig! [
%f- life, and my backache and all /%^^^^^^^ J | j h'l I
those terrible pains are gone. /m^^^O^^M lUp II ji] .1
Before taking your medicine j^Q^^^^^^m |[^^ I 1
X Phillips, Anna, Illinois. ||P|js| 7 MJo§i
Mrs. Barnard sP^^^ml 111 f.
& Cured by ■ | >/Mi^M \wlv%\ "^^W^
ful menstruation. I was B //. . 'S^//'/l '
J confidential friend J^^^^^^^^^~ v
whose advice is al- ■ J
J ways at their disposal, free of charge. The X
knowledge that women only assist Mrs. Pink- £
yf ham in her correspondence with women about &
W* health, makes it possible for the full details 0
to be given, without hesitation.
\ Mrs. Cobb Cured of a Great Affliction* %
"I think it is my duty to write you what' your wonderful
medicine has done for me. I suffered with itching of the ex- W
& ternal parts for six years, and was in misery day and night. &
I lost flesh. and became weak. I tried everything I could !jk
think of. My husband wanted me to see a doctor, but I could
W^ not consent to that. He then wanted me try your medicine, G
f and this I agreed to do. I took Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege- /^
table Compound, also used the Sanative Wash, and am to-day ±
jZ a changed woman. lam free from my misery, and can go to W
bed and sleep like a baby. I can work with comfort, and it $
does not tire me as it did to walk. Your remedies have done &
wonders for me, and cannot be praised enough. I would not jk
T' be without them. They cured me of a great affliction, and W
& why should they not cure others ? I would advise every suffer- &
A ing woman to give them a trial. "— iirs. J. S. Cobb, Bridge- ]j&
£ ton Center, Tie. ' Jtk
% Ask Mrs. Pinkham's Advice— A Woman 1
5 > Best Understands a Woman's Ills.
w &
THE CALIFORNIA COLLEGE OF DENTAL
SURGERY
WILL OPEN for the admission of students
MONDAY. Octobrr 23. .
For further particulars address -
8. W. DENNIS. M.D..-D.D.S., Dean
416 Parrott bulldln*.
GILBERT M. BARRETT. A. M.. M.D. Seo-
rewry. 1121 Suttcr el «..-* ' ' Be<^
RPTTCIJI7Q FOR BARBERS. BA
brew»r«, bookbinders, candy-makers. <*"""•.
«yers. flour mills, foundries. I*undrle;<i-^H««1 * undrle ; <i-^H««
danger., printers painters, shoe '*«°" el »
•tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, eta -.
BUCHANAN BROS.. ..*,*
Brush Manufacturers, 609 bacramenta St.SPAIN STILL
HOLDS THREE
OF THE ISLES
Madrid Government Retains
a Foothold in the Phil
ippines.
DEFECT IN TREATY
— ■ »
Count d'Almenas Declares It Did
Not Inolude the Whole of
the Archipelago.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MADRID, Oct. 31.— A sensation was
caused in the Senate to-day by the dec
laration of Count d'Almenas that owing
to the ign<. ranee of the Spanish-American
Peace Treaty Commissioners three islands
of the Phillipptne group— the two Batanas
and Calayan islands, both north of Luzon
—were not included in the scope of the
treaty.
These islands, he asserted, ought to be
made the basis of negotiations for the lib
eration of the Spanish prisoners.
MUST NOT INTERFERE
WITH SULU POLYGAMY
WASHINGTON, Oct. 31.— 1n view of the
current discussion of the military agree
niem General Bates and the
:. of Sulu, the views of President
man .<f the Philippine commission
on this subject are interesting. Mr.
Bchurman was one of the first Americans
-it Jolo, the seat of the Spanish
rnment in the Sulu archipelago, and
he had an extended interview with the
■ rival of the general.
red into by the Sultan
was considerably ;n
--this meeting.
Although the full text of the agreement
with the .Sultan has not been made public
by tlic authorities, It may be stated that
it practically conforms to the previous con
i -•;: g bi tween the Sultan ana
Gov< r.-.ment.
Jn this agreement Bpaln never claimed
: than an external protectorate
In the Sulu group, the right to
In Its waters and to pre
■ lie migrations of oath-
Mohammedans, who went to tho
Islands under a vow to kill
■nd thus secure an entrance
Sv hurman paid to-day when
it the probable continu
lygamy and slavery on the
r they came under the Ameri
:, lon, that this was a subject
would have to be dealt with in the
. ful fashion to bring an ul
timately satisfactory solution.
"It seems to me," said he, "that were
H noi I ■ displayed ihe
nt hue and cry about polygamy and
: v In these islands would be abso
luuly "criminal. In taking over the Sulu
group we have acquired no rights of any
Bort there except those bequeathed us by
Spain. She was bound by her agreement
•he Sultan not to Interfere with the
religion jt if the islands, and It
would be rrost unwise for us to attempt
this by force when it can be ultimately
mplished by the slower method of
civilization and education.
"The Bulu group proper contains about
inhabitants. They are all Moham
medans, as are about 100,000 of the resi
dents of Mindanao, directly east. To at
tempt to Interfecs with the religion of
these people would precipitate one of the
ifSt wars in which this country has
-en engaged. They are a different
. hysically and mentally from, the
I the Visayan Islands—power
ful men and rc-liKi"Us fanatics of the most
Sinced type, who care nothing for
" that the road to heaven
attained by killing Christians,
imy is a part of their religion, and
ry, at nut which so much Is b»ing
Just now, is a mild type of feudal
"The Sultan believes from what he has
Ms that they are ready to
and deal honestly with him.
rs and officers already tray.-l
r of Jolo with perfect Im
punity, when Spaniards have never dared
t foot [t Ims been suggested mdi
Bultan that he should main
tain an American of good standing as a
adviser at his court to aid
him In the work of material development
for which the beautiful group of islands
Is ready, and which Is bound to come
when they are thrown Into touch with
Ilized world. I believe that ho will
t;ike kindly to this suggestion, and th>>
leaven of civilization Introduced in this
way ultimately will do the work which
nrnied Interference with Immemorial reli
gious customs never could accomplish.
"We have before us In this case the pxam
f England in her various possessions
and of the Tmtch in Java, where a re
markn.Mr- work of civilization and progr
r?M lias been accomplished. We should
a leaf out of their bonk, which
nhows US thit semi -barbarous people fre-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
EAGLESON
& CO.'S
OPENING
..OF..
New Fall and Winter
Underwear
Shirts
Hosiery
Gloves
Neckwear, etc.
The largest and best stock we
have ever shown.
RELIABLE GOODS. LOW PRICES.
748=750 Market St.
242 Montgomery St,
A GRAND COLLECTION
OF RARE, BEAUTIFUL, VALUABLE AND
BCIJENTIFIC MINERALS (at a sacrifice).
Parties desirous of examining some address
Mineralogist, box 2885. Call office.
COLOMBIAN REBELS
LOSE SEVEN VESSELS
Reported Triumphs of the Forces of the
Government on Sea and
Land.
COLON. Colombia, Oct. 81.— A report has reached here that on October 24
two armed Government steamers destroyed seven insurgent vessels, one of
the latter sinking with, it is rumored. 200 soldiers.
The Government troops were victorious in a pitched battle with the in
surgents near Bucaramanga. The Insurgent leader, Uribe, was killed and the
insurgent leader, Ruiz, taken prisoner. It is now believed that the revolu
tion Is ending.
quently can be led where they could not
force in the Sulu Islands at this time will
bring on a bloody and wholly unnecessary
war."
SPANIARD ASKED TO
REPRESENT AGUINALDO
L.ONPON, Oct. 81.— Dr. Regidor Jurado,
Chairman of the Spanish Chamber of
Commerce In this city, yesterday evening
received a cablegram, sent by Senor Pa
terno President of the so-called Filipino
Cabinet, from Manila, as follows:
"I have been instructed by Apuinaldo
to ask you to accept the post of represen
tative "of the Filipino Government at
Washington, If you are going to Amer-
U-n for any other purpose."
Dr Jurado says he will not accept the
official position. lie goes to the United
States In Dec-ember in the interest of the
Filipino clergy, who are anxious to obtain
the same protection that Major General
Otis has granted to the Spanish clergy.
If he accepted an official position in
Washington, it is claimed, the authorities
would not receive him.
"TAPS" HAVE SOUNDED
FOR CAPTAIN FRENCH
WASHINGTON, Oct. 31.— A cablegram
from General Otis to the War Depart
ment announces the death to-day of Cap
tain Charles French of the Thirty-sixth
Infantry, who was wounded in yester
day's fighting near Florida Blanca. Gen
eral Otis states that death was the result
of a shock consequent upon amputation
of the leg below the knee, necessitated by
the wound.
Captain Charles French was mustered
in as first lieutenant of the First Mon
tana Volunteers on May B, 1898, and sailed
with his regiment for Manila on July 19.
.rriving there on August 24>!«. He
■enred with his regiment until July 21.
1899 when he accepted the appointment
as captain in the Thirty-sixth United
States Volunteer Tnfantry. He was a i
resident of Great Falls, Montana, where!
his father resides.
ADVANCE OF YOUNG'S
COLUMN CONTINUES
WASHINGTON. Oct. 31.— Cable advices
to the War Department to-day indicate
that General Young's column is steadily
continuing its advance in spite of unfa
i vorable conditions. A cablegram from
I General Otis says:
"Young's advance is north and oast of
i Cabanatuan. Will occupy Tatav^ra and
probably Aliaga to-day. The objective
points are San Jose and Carragtan. The
1 wet season has rendered the ronds In that
section Impracticable for wagon travel,
J and progress is difficult."
A message from General Miller at Ma
i nlla Mates that WHMnm P. <"'hnmber!ain,
the messenger who was wounded In the
! fight in which Captain Guy Howard was
: killed, was doing well.
WHOLLEY NOW MAJOR
OF THE FORTY-FIRST
WASHINGTON, Oct. 31.— First Lieuten
ant John Wholley of the Twenty-fourth
Infantry, who rendered excellent service
in the Philippinf-s as colonel commanding
the First Washington Volunteer Infan
try, has been appointed major of the
Forty-first Volunteer Infantry and or
dered to Join that regiment for service
in the Philippines.
Headquarters and t^n companies of the
Forty-third Volunteer Infantry, now on
duty at Fort Ethan Allen, Yt.. have been
ordt-red to proceed to New York City and
there embark for the Philippines on the
transport Meade November fit.
POLICE FORCE
IS REORGANIZED
Changes Made by Chief
Glass of Los Angeles.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
L£)S ANGELES, Oct. 31.— The long: her
alded Bhake-up in the Los Angeles Police
Department was this morning accom
plished by Chief of Police Glass, who is
sustains! by a majority of the Police
Commissioners. This reorganization hal
bepn expected every day for weeks, in
fact, has been on the tapis for years, and
came with no notilication and no warn
ings. The chang.-s in the personnel of the
officials of the force are radical and have
created additional bitterness and widened
the chasm that has existed in many cases
between the Chief and his subalterns.
When the orders \vr> read at this
morning's weekly meeting of the Police
Commission a debate waa precipitated
that will long be remembered in the an
nals of the body that is supposed to pre
side over the destinies of the department.
Early was it apparent that Chief Glass
would be sustained in the reorganization
of the force, as Mayor Eaton and Cora
sioner Goss openly Indorsed the Chief's
action, while Commissioners Parker and
Scarborough as openly opposed the
changes. Commissioner Pancoe took no
part in the proceedings, even declining
to vote upon the question to table the
matter for one week. While Pascoe was
with the Chief in spirit, with .subdued
mien he listened to the even-handed war
fare that raged over the contemplated re.
organization, yielding In the end and
voting with the Mayor and <soss.
That the changes were programmed by
the majority of the board is evident as
the new orders were posted on the police
station blackboard half an hour before
the contemplated changes were broached
by the Chief to the Police Commission.
By this order, now known as fatal 13
Captain W. C. Roberts is mndc sergeant
and succeeded by Officer J. A. Smith; R.
E. Cutler, secretary of police, is suc
ceeded by Officer C. R. Moffatt; Clerks
of Police S. P. Hensley, J. a. ltcan and
D. E. Grldley are deposed, and Sergeants
S. G. Morton and W. T. Jeffries suffer a
similar fate. Officers I^enhausen, Berg,
Hnk.-r and Broadhead succeed the de
posed members.
Captain Roberts has bf*en on the force
for ten years and others almost as
long. The most of these men are well
known to the members of the San Fran
cisco department.
Captain Ludlow Betires.
"WASHINGTON, Oct. 31. — Captain
Nlooll Ludlow has been retired with the
rank of rear admiral in the navy on his
own application after thirty years of
service, and under the terms of tho
personnel bill conferring one grade in
rank in case of such retirement. Captain
Ludlow is a son-in-law of Mrs. Wash
ington McLean and brother-in-law of Mrs.
Hazen.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 1, 1899.
CHARLES HULL
KILLED IN A
SALOON BRAWL
C. R. Dodge Fired in
Self-Defense.
♦
WAS ATTACKED BY FIVE MEN
♦
DECEASED WAS THE SON OF A
MILLIONAIRE.
♦
Man Who Did the Killing Assaulted
by Men Who Wanted Free
Refreshments — of
the Shooting. x
Charles Hall, formerly a member of the
First Nebraska Regiment and later cook
on the transport Hancock, which Is lying
at the drydo.ck, was shot and almost in
stantly killed last night about 10 o'clock
by C. R. Dodge, an aged saloon-keeper.
Whose place of business is at 214 Fifth
avenue South, near Hunters Point. The
latter was arrested an hour later by
Lieutenant Anderson and Officer R. .T.
llanley and removed to the Central Police
Station, where a charge of murder was
placed against his name.
The prisoner, who is 73 years of age,
admitted having fired the fatal shot, but
states that he did it in self-defense- Ac
cording to his story, nine men entered
his saloon about 9 o'clock and called for
drinks. With the aid of his son Charles,
aged 21 years, he served the men with j
beer. After the second round of drinks |
had been partaken and paid for, more
liquid refreshment was called for, and for
this they refused to pay. The men be
came violent at this juncture and ordered
more liquor', but Dodge refused to serve
th<>m unless he was paid for what had
been consumed. One of the crowd vented
his ill feeling on the son by knocking him
senseless to the floor with a heavy blow
with a chair.
Th>> old man became wildly excited, as
he believed his boy had been killed, and
he started to get behind the bar where
his pistol was concealed. Another of the
crowd Beeing his Intention struck Dodge
in the mouth with a heavy instrument
and knocked a number of teeth down his
throat Although dazed by the blow the
saloon-keept-r reached his gun and lev
eled it ami fired at the man, who he
thuugnt had killed his son. At that mo
ment the crowd became frightened and
rushed out of the saloon and Dodge
slanimefl the door to and bßrnv! It to his
assailants. The gang of roughs then be
gan to vent their anger on the old man
by stoning thn building. Every window
in the establishment was broken by the
missiles hurled by the men.
Hall was standing In the doorway of the
saloon when struck by the bullet and he
fell to the sidewalk. The leaden missile
struck him on the loft side, between the
pectoral muscle and the shoulder, and
passed through him. The pistol used by
Dodge was an old-fashioned Colt's of
forty-four caliber, and is now in the pos
session of the police.
Dodge was not aware he had killed a
man until the officers came for him. He
claimed he fired because he thought his
boy had been killed and his own life was
in danger.
The deceased is said to have been the
son of C. A. Hall, a millionaire cigar
manufacturer of New
ATTEMPTED TO KILL
HERSELF IN COURT
SAN JOSE. Oct. 31.— Mrs. Ruth E.
Gnetz, who is being surd for d : vorce by
her husband on the ground of cruelty,
created a scene In Judpre Hyland's depart
ment of rhe Superior Court this afternoon.
The case had been submitted and the
court was proceeding to review it. He
had reached a point where he said that
Mrs. Qoetz was 31 years old and her hus
band 24, and from the testimony it seemeu
they could not get along together, when
Mrs. Goetz sprang from her seat with a
piercing .shriek "I want my Fred! Give
me my Fred!" and before any one could
restrain her, took a two-ounce phial of
laudanum from her reticule and drank
its contents.
There was tremendous excitement in
court for a few moments, but doctors
were called, who with a stomach pump
soon pronounced the woman out of
danger.
The woman was formerly the wife of
an attorney here, but there was a divorce,
this being her second marriage.
She and her present husband have neen
in Police courts, she charging him with
battery, and he was fined. She is said to
be highly excitable.
GUESTS LOSE LIFE
IN BURNING HOTEL
MONTREAL., Oct. 81.— The Webster
House, at the corner of St. James and
| Cathedral streets, was burned this morn
| ing. Three bodies have been recovered.
The following' is a list of the dead, as far
aa ascertained:
JAMES WILSON, Deputy Sheriff,
1 Shorbrook. Province of Quebec.
T. J. BENBOW, caretaker of the drill
| shed. Ottawa. He had been to Quebec to
I see his son. who is with the Canadian
contingent of the Transvaal troops. He
Jumped from a second story window.
JANE GAFFNEY, a scrub woman, from
suffocation.
Colonel J. A. Oswald, a retired military
officer, who boarded at the hotel. Is in a
I dying condition. Several other guests
j were slightly scorched.
The fire started in a recess under the
stairs near the dining-room, and quickly
spread by way of the- stairs to every part
i of the house. It was discovered at 5
! o'clock, and much time was lost by the
fire brigade mistaking the Webster House
for the Western House, which is in an
other part of the city.
DAMAGING EVIDENCE
AGAINST THE MINERS
MOSCOW, Idaho, Oct. 31.— The most
damaging evidence yet presented against
the men on trial for obstructing the malls
was given to-day by the witnesses for
the prosecution. Objections by Colonel
Reddy, counsel for the defense were
numerous. He exercised all of his in
genuity in cross-questioning of witnesses
In order to have them modify their state
ments and put the evidence and credulity
of the people testifying in a prejudicial
light before the Jury* The tendency of his
efforts was to impress the jury that the
witnesses we+e employes of the Bunker
Hill and Sullivan Mining Company and
depended en that corporation for a liveli
hood, and consequently deemed It policy
to give evidence in accordance with the
wishes of ibeir employers.
MURDER SUSPECT
HANGED BY MOB
Negro Strung Up to a
Telephone Pole.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WEIR CITY, Kan., Oct. 31.— Gus Me-
Ardle. a bartender in Berry Janes' resort,
was killed at 10:30 last night, and in less
than two hours his supposed murderer,
George Wells, a negro miner from Scam
mon, was swinging to a telephone pole.
McArdle, who was a white man, quar
reled with Wells in the saloon, after
which the negro left. Shortly afterward
a shot was fired from across the street,
the bullet striking McArdle squarely in
the forehead. He died in a half hour.
A few minutes later Wells came up In
the crowd that collected and inquired the
cause of the gathering. A spectator to
the previous trouble pointed Wells out to
an officer, who arrested him on suspicion
and lodged him in jail. Another specta
tor shortly afterward identified him as
the negro who had quarreled with Mc-
Ardle. and the report quickly spread that
Wells was identified as the man who did
the killing.
A mob formed quickly and marched to
the Jail. Securing Wells without much
trouble they dragged the frightened negro
from the building and strung him up to
the nearest telephone pole.
Before the rope was placed about his
nock Wells admitted he wan with the man
who shot McArdle, but denied that he had
done the shooting.
Intense excitement prevails and a race
war is predicted.
DEWEY RECEIVES THE
DEED TO HIS HOME
It Is Presented at an Informal Din-
ner Tendered by Assistant
Secretary Vanderlip.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 31.— Admiral
Dewey was the guest of honor to-nij?ht at
an informal dinnner given by Assistant
Secretary Vanderlip of the Treasury De
pnrtment. After the repast had been
served, Mr. Vanderlip handed to the ad
miral the deed to the home presented to
him by the American people. Mr. Vander
llp's remarks, containing an expression of
good wishes, were appropriately respond
ed to by the guest of honor, who declared
his thanks and appreciation of the gift.
Others present were Treasurer Roberts,
Assistant Postmaster General Heath, Dr.
Henry S. Pritchart of the Coast Survey
and E. W. Harden of New York.
MR. HOBART'S CONDITION
SLIGHTLY IMPROVED
No Dangier of a Relapse or Death
Within the Next Twelve
Hours.
PATERSON, N. J.. Nov. 1, at 2:30 a. m.
—Vice President Hobart was resting
quietly. He had slept since 8 o'clock last
night and Dr. Newton reports his condi
tion improving. A relapse or death with
in the next twelve hours is not expected.
PERUVIAN REVOLUTION
QUICKLY SUPPRESSED
Malcontents Repulsed After They
Had Captured the Custom
House at Pisco.
LIMA, Peru, Oct. 31.— Last evening an
attempt was made at Pisco, department
of Lima, to start a revolutionary move
ment. The promoters captured the cus
tom-house, where a stock of arms and
ammunition was stored, and then at
tacked the barrßcks. They were repulsed
by the Government tmops and fled into
the hills back of the town.
Advices from Pisco say nil is quiet to
day, but the Government will send rein
forcements.
i^M^\L oTniisG ©I
1/T 1 I overcoat. I
1 \ 1 ut y° u can come here M
M 1 If I surance that you will be H
fQ J $12.^0 to $25, are made ||
Hof all the customary cloths in the prevailing p^
p:J shades. By the way, our guarantee means that M
g| we keep all overcoats in repair free for one year, ii
If Boys' Reefer Suits, i
|H Several fine reefer suits, only in sizes 3to 6 years. They have 111
|s£| been sold for 53.25, $3.50, $3.75, $4.00 and $4.50 a suit. Patterns §pf
P's-I are brown and gray mixtures neatly trimmed with soutache. Having §g|
HH only small sizes, we will sell the suits tor |||j
[r/' a suit. p£
: - Remember, for boys from 3 to 6 only. ?
I Iff S.M.WOOD BCO 1
kiy Out-of-town orders filled — write us. |^
GENERAL TRACEY
ON THE STAND
Testifies Before Mazet
Committee.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 31.-The Mazet in
vestigating committee resumed its hear
ings to-day. General Benjamin F. Tracey
was the chief witness called and he was
examined by Counsel Moss, Committee
man Hoffman and President Grout of the
Boroue-h of Brooklyn. General Tracey
said in answer to Mr. Moss' questions
that he had been connected with the
Ramapo Water Company since 1887; that
he was its president in 1896, and that ho
had never received a compensation except
650 shares of its stock, which he had
since sold. General Tracey went on to
say that he was president of the charter
commission and was an ex-offlcio member
of the committee on drafts. He had
nothing to do, however, with the draft
ing of any part of the charter relating
to water supply.
Among other reasons he gave for re
signing the office of president of the com
pany was that he felt that no company
could advance the necessary capital to
develop it so long as one man, Mr. I^a
mont, who had induced him to become
a shareholder, retained control. In ad
dition he said that the newspapers had
begun to abuse him and to vilify him
for his partnership with Senator Platt's
son.
"I thought that, as a whole," he said,
"I would not take the responsibility of
being the head of a company that, how
ever honest it might be, would be abused
if it made a contract with the city."
Committeeman Hoffman questioned
General Tracey regarding his relations
with the Ramapo Company, in the way
of a cross-examination, and as to his re
turns as a shareholder with other com
panies. General Tracey answered all the
questions, but protested against them.
In order to ascertain just how much
money the firm named Platt, Boardman &
Tracey received from city corporations
and public departments and city officials
Mr. Hoffman requested that General
Tracey produce the books of the firm.
This General Tracey said he would not do
unless the committee requested it, and
Chairman Mazet refused to make such a
request.
MURDERESS BAAGO
DESTROYED HERSELF
SAN PABLO. Oct. 31.— The remains of |
Mrs. Anna Baago, the Sheep Island
murderess, was found this afternoon
about 2 o'clock by A. P. Anderson, a
friend of the deceased. Anderson had
been on Sheep Island for a few days look
ing for the remains, and to-day at low j
tide discovered the feet of the woman
sticking out of the water near a small
wharf from which she jumped.
Around the neck of the woman was I
found a rope, to which was attached a
piece of iron weighing twenty-five or
thirty pounds. Thp knots in 'the rope |
were very secure, but could easily have j
been made by her own hands. The re
mains were not disfigured beyond recog
nition.
Coroner Curry was notified and took
charge of the body and brought it to San
Pablo. A jury was summoned and re
viewed the remains this evening. It is
the general impression that it was a case
Of Bldride. The inquest will be held
Thursday at 2 p. m. at San Pablo. The
body was taken to the Morgue at Martinez
on the 9:30 train this evening.
Drank Strychnine.
MARYSVILLE. Oct. 31.— Thomas Mc-
Carthy, sometimes known as Wilson, a
barber, who came to this city five years
ago from Grimes Landing. Colusa County,
committed suicide in the Golden Eagle
Hotel last Saturday night by swallowing
a decoction of gin and strychnine. Tiie
body w;u discovered last evening aid an
inquest was held by the Coronor. Mc-
Carthy was despondent as a result of an
extended rpree and the morphine habit-
POLITICAL.
CITIZENS'
NON-PARTISAN
PARTY.
FOR GOOD GOVERNMENT.
To the Voters of San Francisco: The Non-
Partisan party was organized seven years ago
to wrest from professional politicians the con-
trol of municipal affairs and to separate en-
tirely from national politics the selection of
city and county officials.
I It has at all times opposed machine politics,
| and sought to elect worthy men to office by in-
dependent nomination or indorsement.
The last Legislature passed a law expressly
aimed at the "unwelcome Interference" In
public affairs of non-partisan organizations.
The Rickard act forbids any information on the
ballot concerning the indorsements that a can-
didate may receive and makes it impossible for
a man to be nominated by two parties. Such
a creditable occurrence as the nomination last
year by the two great parties of John Lack-
mann for Supervisor could not be repeated.
We regard this law as pernicious In principle
and against public policy, and we intend to
vigorously conteEt it.
The adoption of a non-partisan charter, the
result of the last primary election, and the in-
dependent character of the recent Republican
and Democratic conventions, clearly indicate,
however, that the friends of good government
have awakened to their duties.
With these changed conditions we feel that
there Is no occasion for an entire Non-Partisan
ticket at this election.
It Is. however, a fundamental principle of
this party to support those nominees who have
faithfully and fearlessly filled their offices and
are renominated for the same office. We would
fall in our obligations were we to leave this
I work undone.
We therefore unqualifiedly remmmend for
I your suffrage at the coming election:
For Mayor JAMES D. PHELAN
For Assessor. WASHINGTON DODGE
For Auditor ASA R. WELLS
For City and County Attorney..-
FRANKLIN K. LANE
I To each of these faithful servants of the
I people there is certainly due a generous meas-
I ure of credit and encouragement, for the abl«
and honest manner In which they have ful-
filled their public trust.
This committee, furthermore, realizing the
difficulty for each Individual voter to Inform
himself as to the qualifications of the many
candidates for the Board of Supervisors, has
given careful and Impartial study to th>- rela-
tive merits of the nominees on the several
tickets.
As the result of continuous work by this
! committee, extending over a month's time, re-
| garding this Important dppartment of the city
! government, we feel Justified In recommending
for your support and vote. Irrespective of
party lines, the following eighteen citizens, se-
lected from the Republican and Democratic
j tickets, to constitute the first Board of Super-
j visors under the new charter:
I Booth lames P. | Tobin, Joseph S.
Brandensteio, H. U. j Foster, Samuel
! Comte, A. Jr. | GoodselL D. C. ft
l D'Ancona, A. A. Jeffers, Milo S.
Hotaling, R. M. King, Charles J.
Jennings, Thomas Morris, T. H.
Pohli, Emil Sanderson, George R.
Petnam, Osgoofl Watson, William
Reed, Charles Wesley Wright, Cyrus S.
CITIZENS' NON-PARTISAN COUNTY
COMMITTEE.
GEORGE K. FEPCH, Chairman.
JOSEPH BRITTON, Vice-Chairman.
C. C. BURR, Secretary.
San Francisco, Oct. 30, 1899.
DEMOCRATIC RALLY!
DEMOCRATIC RALLY!
DEMOCRATIC RALLY!
BETRAYAL OF DEMOCRACY.
BETRAYAL OF DEMOCRACY.
BETRAYAL OF DEMOCRACY.
BY JAMES D. PHELAN.
BY JAMES D. PHELAN.
BY JAMES D. PHELAN.
Exposed by
HON. CHAS. N. HARRIS
HON. CHAS. N. HARRIS
HON. CHAS. N. HARRIS
And Others.
And Others.
And Others.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE
WEDNESDAY EVENING NOV. 1
WEDNESDAY EVENING NOV. 1
WEDNESDAY EVENING NOV. 1
At 8 O'Clock.
At 8 O'Clock.
At 8 O'Clock.
For Sheriff,
JEREMIAH DEASY
(Present Supervisor of Tenth Ward.)
DEMOCRATIC
NOMINEE.
FOR COUNTY CLERK,
1. A. DEAIE
(Present Incumbent,)
REGULAR REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
FOR 6UPERVISOR.
MILO S. JEFFERS,
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
FOR SUPERVISOR,
M. J. FONTANA.
REOULAR DEMOCRATIC NOMINEE.
POLITICAIi.
DEMOCRATIC
TICKET.
For Public Rights and Home
Role Against Bossism and
Corporate Control.
Mayor ........ James D. Phelan
Auditor Joseph M. Camming
Assessor .... Dr. Washington Dodge
City Attorney . . . Franklin X. Lan«
Sheriff Jeremiah Deasy
Tax Collector .... Richard P. Doolan
Treasurer .... Samuel H. Brooks
Recorder ...... Edmund Godchaux
County Clerk . . Major Dennis Geary
District Attorney .Lewis F. Byington
Coroner ...... Dr. R. Beverly Cole
Public Administrator . Patrick Boland
FOR SUPERVISORS.
James P. Booth, John E. A. Helms,
H.TJ.Brandenstein, Thomas Jennings,
P. J. Curtis, W. N. McCarthy,
A. Comte Jr., M. C. McGrath,
John Connor, A. B. Maguire.
L. J. Dwyer, Emil Pohll,
Dr. A.A. d'Ancona, Osg-ood Putnam,
M. J. Fontana, C. W. Reed,
R. M. Hotaling, Joseph S. Tobin,
POLICE JUDGES.
Geo. H. Cabaniss, Alfred J. Frits.
Charles T. Conlan, Ed P. Mogan.
DEMOCRATIC
MASS MEETING
UNION IRON WORKS.
WEDNESDAY, Nov. 1, at 12:16 P. M.
MAYOR PHELAN
AND OTHERS WILL SPEAK.
FOR
MAYOR
HORACE DAVIS,
REGULAR
REPUBLICAN
NOMINEE.
FOR MAYOR,
JAMES Dl PHELAN,
INCUMBENT,
DEMOCRATIC
NOMINEE.
FOR SUPERVISOR,
CHARLES BLISS,
Regular Republican Nominee.'
For CITY ATTORNEY,
Charles H. Jackson.
Regular Republican Nominee.
m
FOR DISTRICT ATTORNEY,
LEWIS F. BYINGTON,
DEMOCRATIC NOMINEE.
IF YOU WANT THE DEAD RE-
SPECTED VOTE FOR
C. C O'DONNELL
FOR CORONER.
! Oppression, . Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
{ Ptrii, i. ISFIO ; New York, S. FOUOERA ft CO.
COLD BT ALL DRUGGISTS. .
KEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON STS.—
modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms. 50c to $1 60 day;
$5 to $8 week; $S to $30 month. Free baths; hot
| and cold water every room; fire crate* in everr
j room; elevator runs all night.
ft Irr nnilll Corner Fourth and
.■HFEBOHLSSS
■;- . -. •.- ." ■, . ValiMs checked fir***
r^f^HffSfrfc?* ■ \ M Bl * ? '■" foV°3o»s
it'ilHP^^^gfl remedy for Oonortha^
Gleet. Sp«rmatorrh«£
*gegr «n ito a <J«r«-ISI Whitsa, unnatural dtZ
gnm ac»rmot«Ki Q charges, or «nr lnflamm*.
(VY not to iiriator*. "• tlon. Irritation or nker«Z
C-afPrtTcnu <»ot«flon. tion of Con. autZ
KWtheEvANSCheUICuCo. braneg. No«-««trtntenu
VS^CINCINNATI.O -]^3 Sold by itnnbta,
V. 1. x. mK^? t ient ' n >l*la wrtfnc.
34
JOE GANS
OUTPOINTS
McFADDEN
Gets the Decision After One
of the Hardest Fights
Seen in New York.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NKW FORK, Oct 31— At the Broadway
lub to-night Joo Guns, the col-
Ughtweight of Baltimore, received
.tt Georjre MeFadden >>t
fter one of the hardest limits
witnessed at this club In a long time. This
I Jrd meeting of the men. the
two bouts resultins In «■ decißi in
■ len on a knockout, and a draw.
To-night they met to go twenty-five
- -. :,: ■) w!, t, Ihi ■
the ring both men were In the b< -'
MeFadden departed from his usual t;i<-
tics • - ""t'l his opponent liad
th »'.is own exertions
and in for a knockout. H€
was . ■ from th.' acted
,ring ■■' knockout in
too clever by
figured
with straighi lefts and
swung repeatedly with hia right to the
mcd to l>t- made
to be put out.
■k \\ i> with his left, ana
ol it
ribs were verj 1 1 ■!
but his face showed ht
■
AfT. hi Gans' manacer chal
i CBrien for $50>J a side for
i championship of the
world.
LIPTON SAYS ADIEU TO
THE SHAMROCK'S CREW
Wishes It a Safe Voyage on the Re
turn Across the Atlantic
Ocean.
NEW TOftK, Oct. 31— By reason of the
heavy southeast gale the yacht Sham
rock, which was to have sailed to-day,
remained at her anchorage off Liberty
Island. Th" steam yacht Erin Is at
anchor north Of the Shamrock and with
in nailing distance of her. Sir Thomas
Upton and a party of friends went down
the, bay at noon on a tug. Sir Thomas,
with several of hi? friends, were trans
ferred with difficulty to the Shamrock,
After shaking hands with Navigator
Hamilton; Captains Hogarth and Wrince,
and with nil the crew and wishing then
godspeed and a quick and safe passage
to the- Clyde/ Sir Thomas returned to the
tug. As lie left the yacht's side The
Shamrock's crew lined up and gave her
owner three hearty cheers.
Sir Thomas Upton will sail for
Southampton at '1" o'clock to-morrow
morning. It was agreed to-day that,
weather ; t-rmitting, the Shamrock, ac
companied by the Erin, will g^t under
way about an hour before the sailing- time
(f ~th^ St. Louis, so as to he on her way
to Sar.dy. Hook when the steamer passes
cut to sea. Navigator Hamilton expects
to take a southern route in crossing the
Atlantic. .=0 as to be clear of the ocean
liners' tracks. He hopes to reach Glasg >w
in twenty days.
'Ex-Mayor AVilllan 1.. Strong, chairman
of the Sir Thomas Lipton loving cup com
mittee, will preside at a "bon voyage" re
ception to be tendered Sir Thomas on
the second floor '■:' the American line pier
at 9 o'clock to-morrow morning. Two of
the committee will accompany the Sham
rook's owner from the Fifth-avenue
Hotel flown Broadway to the Afitor House,
where: they are to be met by the re
mainder of the committee, and by the
Eighth Regiment band, which will escort
him to the euner. Sir Thomas was
entertained to-night by the New York
Yacht Club.
BOLD WORK OF A
LONE HIGHWAYMAN
Held Up and Robbed Six People but
Secured Very Little Booty for
His Trouble.
PENDLETON, Or., Oct. 31.— A lone
rform* <l a bold piece of
work within the city limits of Pendleton
clock this ev< ning, when he held up
:; mi robbed four m< n and two women. He
jtioTie<i In the Street
• d all their occupants hid
t!;.-ir hands
A dairj man named Cheney and his son
were way home when they were
stopped at the point of a pistol by a man
whit-- handkerchlew over his
were ordered to throw up tluir
hands. The highwayman went through
their pocki g only t! ■
in cash. Just then :i teamster drove a Inn*
:i!i<] the robber stopped him. but the man
ipted to wrest the pistol away from
Ighwayman. The latter struck him
i the forehead, cuttinp an
ash and rendering him unconscious.
ad only twenty-five cents for the
robber. Next William Bowman with
his wife anil daughter. Bowman yielded
up JIT and Mrs. Bowman her gold watch.
The robber then held his pistol in the
faces and vilely insulted th<">m. He
B away and disappeared In
the darkness.
Dependable Drugs
Coughs and
Of hundreds of preparations
for coughs and colds, many are
utterly worthless — made to sell
but once. Those we recommend
you may rely upon — they are
dependable.
We have no hesitancy In
mending Kirk's Irish
Moss Cough Balsam a's a
quick, s;ife and sure cure for
coughs and colds. It will
relieve a cough instantly. 25c
Dr. Ira Baker's Tar and Wild
Cherry Cough Balsam is
made in our big laboratory
under the special care and di-
rection of a skilled chemist.
It is a most effective cough
and cold remedy and is guar-
anteed to cure. 25c
Piso's Cough Cure, 20 cents
Parker's Cough Cure. 20 cents
Aver's Cherry Pectoral, 85 cents .
King's Consumption Cure, 40 cents
■. Chamberlain's Cough Remedy, 40c
Free delivery to railroad points within
100 miles on orders of $5 or up.
- jjf ff|j?L! : RATB^RU° CIST J?V
JpW\ 1128 MARKET ST.
tlbiU i^K^ - »A"N FRANCISCO '
10TH AND BROADWAY. Oakland
CAfecoracf //fade in the Sporting U/orta.
FRANK MASKEY'S LADY ROD'S CHAFF READY FOR QUAIL.
THE canyons of Marln County will reverberate with the
sound of exploding gunpowder to-day. November 1
marks the opening of the season In which quail may be
killed, and many members of the shotgun brigade will
avail of the first opportunity to secure some of these most
beautiful of game birds. Marin County will undoubtedly attract
the greatest number of gunners, as from all accounts quail are
to be found there in large numbers. A large party of Country
club members left last night for the scene of action in their
private car. The preserve of tho Tamalpais Sportsmen's Club
and that of the Olympic Gun Club will also be well patronized.
CHALLENGES
TRONCHET TO
SWORD FIGHT
Prof. Generoso Pavese, Noted
Swordsman, Arrives to
Do Battle.
Prnfopsor Generoso Pavese (maestro di
soherni.ii. a fencing master, who
gained notoriety by challenging Ueuten-
Lrraasa, an attache of the Spanish
tion at Washington to meet him In
mortal combat, ami who has won fame
through his wonderful ability With bi
sword, foil and cane, arrived in thi.« city
Monday and registered at the Commer
cial Hotel.
The professor came to this coast with
fire in his eye and a number of chal
lenges to local fencing masters. This es
pecially Includes Professor Louis Tron
chet, Instructor at the Olympic Club, and
the challenger would be gratified if he
could return u> his native heath with the
winged "O's" maestro's scalp on his
belt.
Signor Pavese is acknowledged to be
one of the greatest swordsmen In the
world. He defeated such experts as Dun
can C Ross. Professor McMahon and
Captain Oscar, and is now the possessor
of the championship belt and a score of
medals as (evidence of bis prowess. Some
years ago the Italian wonder gave a prac
tical test of his endurance by fencing
for twelve hours without rest. On the
occasion mentioned he withstood the at
tack of a number of experts with credit
to himself and to - the astonishment of
thousands of spectators. A short time
ago the Italian master of the sword met
five men in succession and defeated them
all They were Professor Gerald, for
merly of the United States army; Profes
sor James Sullivan, formerly of the
United States navy; Dr. Roessler. A.
Schlauenberg and F. Eppeson, all of the
Hoboken Fencers' Club.
In June. 1898, Signor Pavese took um
brage at the challenge issued by Lieu
tenani Carranz;* to General Fitzhugh
Lee and Captain BigSDee, and in the fol
lowing challenge offered 10 meet the lire
eating Spaniard:
NEW YORK. June 8. IW.
To Lieutenant C&rransa, ex-Attache Spanish
Legation Washington. Montreal, Canada:
Lieutenant Carranz*. I. the undersigned, Gen
ero"o Pavese. desiring that challenge issued by
you to General Lee and Captain Sigsbee should
not g.i unanswered by the American people,
hereby agree to meet you in mortal combat,
with either sabers or foils. Neither General
Lee or Captain Slgsbee can possibly accept
your challenge because, of their duties In the
present struggle between the United State, and
Spain ami 1 as an Italian-American and nat
uralized citizen of the United States, dcs re to
put myself In the place of the great gentlemen
whom you have challenged. Should you fall to
notice my willingness to satisfy your wish for
revenge I shall stigmatize you as a coward
and challenge any other Spaniard the wide
world over who dares to insult the American
"There ought to be one among the sympathi
zers with Spain to accept my challenge; but if
not I consider you all as a grand lot of chatter-
I had the pleasure of challenging Tour Ex
cellency some days since, and offered to go to
Canada; but as yet I have received no reply.
To this second overture I hope you may be
pleased to make some speedy reply.
I subscribe myself your servant,
GENEROSO PAVESE.
On Sunday afternoon between the hours
of 3 and 6 o'clock Signor Pavese will give
an exhibition of endurance In Washing
ton-square Hall and meet all comers.
SCHAEFFER IMPROVES.
Gains Ten Points on Slosson in the
Second Night's Play.
NEW YORK, Oct. 31.— The second
nipht'p play in the professional cushion
carom billiard match wa.« a close strug
gle and the small crowd that braved tho
rain to see the experts were well repaid
for their trouble. Bchaeffer outplayed
Btoraon by Just ten points to-night, but
Slosson maintained the. load gained last
night to the end.
The llnal score at the end of the even-
Ing stood '''«' to <96 in Blosson'a favor.
The final block of 800 points will be playe.l
to-morrow evening. The match and $1000
stakes will go to the player whose total
reaches 900 first. S>-haeffer's splendid
brace gives his admirers ground for hop
ing that he may yet win.
SlOMon began with a lead of 115 points
and he steadily increased this until he
held an advantage of 100 caroms after
one hundred innings had beet) played.
goon after this, however, Bcha<'ffer began
slowly to overhaul his adversary. In
seven innings he gathered in no less than
ninety-six points, including one run of
thirty-five, the Highest of the evening,
and for the first time in the evening the
"Wizard" seemed to be in the hunt again,
his total being only 112 caroms behind
then.
The "Student" finished strong, however,
niiii ran the night's total out in his one
hundred ami fortieth inning with a good
beat of twenty-two wf-11-executed caroms.
His advantage was 105 points and Schaef
fer will try to make up this difference in
the final evening's play to-morrow. The
score:
Slosson— 3oo; average. 8 63-79; highest runs,
22, 18, 17: grand total, 600: average. 4 .:<.
Sehaefff-r— 3lo; average. 3 76-78; highest runs,
85. 27, 22 and 20; grand total. 495; average, 3.53.
Moore Pleads Guilty.
PASADENA. Oct. 31.— O. J. Moore, son
of Presidrnt Gportre A. Moore of the Pa
cific Mutual Insurance Company, to-day
pleaded guilty to a charge of threatening
to kill his wife. He will bo sentenced
to-morrow morning. Moore has been In
jail since arrest and to-day horrowed
m>ney of a Constable to buy a clean
collar and a package of cigarettes. His
father refuses to do anything more for
him, and hla wife says she will sue him
for divorce
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 1, 18^9.
The gentlemen not attached to clubs will probably rendezvous
near Point Reyes.
The favorite dogs of the gunners have been in training for
this occasion for some time. The Illustration shows Frank
Masker's English setter Lady Rod's Chaff as she works in the
Held. She was bred by Attorney E. P. Preston, and Is by Rod s
Chaff-Crescida. in color she is white, with line black mark-
Ings. She won third prize in the Derby at the ISPB field trials.
She will he seen in action to-day, as Mr. Maskey purposes
shooting over her in M irin County. This will not lie her first
practice this season, as her owner used her in the Eel
River country when there in Quest of mountain Quail some
weeks since.
WILL DRIVE
ON THE PARK
SPEED TRACK
Reinsmen of Go'den Gate Park
Driving Association in
Friendly Rivalry.
The members of Golden Gate > Park
Driving Association met in their rooms at
the Palace Hotel last night and arranged
for their matinee racing on the Speedway
next Saturday. Three races, each having
four entries, form the card from which
the members expect to extract much
pleasure and excitement.
The races will be best two In three
heats, and will he run on the right-hand
Side of the Speedway going toward the
Ocean. They will be over a distance of
three-quarters of a mile, as the drivers
require some space In which to score. T.
J. Crowley will handle the starter's flag,
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRACK, Tuesday, October 31. 1809.— TJiirty-third
day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather fine.
Track heavy.
while Joseph Coxtello, W. C. Hamerton
and L. Richardson will he in the judges'
stand. The sport will commence at 1 p.
m. The entries, with their classification
as arranged last night, are as follows:
2:26 class— Dr. O. \V. Klelsor'p Aha Vela,
James G. Chesley's < ; ■ ■ 1 < i >• . X. Hottua's
Correct and J. Curley'a Prince C.
2:30 class B. Stewart's Billy McKlnley,
J. C. Ohlandt'e Harvey 8., .1. C. Klrkpat
rlck's Azalia and M. Reardon's Sir Ai>
bott
2:36 class— Dr. T-niuer's Planch T,., Dr.
I. B. Dalzlel'B Bobby J., .T. Fobs' Lafay
ette and F. Qommet a Cardee.
Bond Issuo Defeated.
ET'RRKA, Oct. 31.— The election held
here to-day for the purpose of determin
ing whether Eureka should Vie honded f>>r
$40,000 t'> creel a school building was over
whelmingly defeated. But 600 votes were
cast, while the district has 1800 votes. Two
hundred and ninety-nine were cast
against the bonds and 201 for.
Indians Stranded in Omaha.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 21.— A party of
ahout 100 Indians, mostly from the North
and South Dakota reservations, are
stranded in Omaha, and Bpecial Indian
Aprent Jenkins has heen ordered from
Pine Ridge to secure their return to the
agencies. ?
OSTLER JOE
IN FETTLE
ONCE AGAIN
Black Horse Captures a Sprint
at Oakland — Four cf the
Choices Win.
The old favorite Ostler Joe came out
from his seclusion at Oakland yesterday,
capturing a purse l for Billy Randall at
skori Odds. The race, a six-furlong sprint,
looked like "oil from the can" for the
black horse, but he was given a very
m iff argument by Alaska. On Thursday |
i ' the latter mare ran an Indifferent I
fourth in a cheap five-furlong spin with'
Coburn up, after receding In the betting'
from <i to ID. Yesterday, piloted by
Thorpe, she brought Bonder astride Joe
I" ;i bard <irlv<-, finally succumbing by a
neck only. Schiller, with Tommy Burns
in the Raddle, afeo made his first appear
.in. i- ilil.; season, finishing a fair third.
A In ivy track <li<l not seem to seriously
retard the progress of the favorites, as!
four '■: sis s'-h 1 to the starting post were
returned winners.
I 1 A Pfanegan disposed of an ordinary
buhi h of plat i ra in the flrsl recital, a dash ;
over tin- Futurity course, without ap- I
parenl effort. With Thorpe up the chest
nut horse closed a '■ to "> chance, winning
i<y fiv<- lengths from Honda. Master Lee
led Judge wofford, the mount of Tommy
Burns, out for the show.
For some unknown r<-nson High Hoe!
was made favorite over Jennie Held for !
ih.- six-furlong run following. The lat- j
ter man possesses more class and after
Johnny Woods extricated himself from a
pocket she won In ;i big gallop. The:
favorite to<.k the place just aliout as eas
ily from Tourist.
<>M Lovdal scored his third successive
victory in the fourth chapter, a seven
furlong jaunt. Kight to five was laid about
him in Uio ring and he paraded home,
three lengths in advance of Ringmaster. ;
Ailenna, the two-year-old, was about as
much at home in thr» going as a tramp at ,
a pink tea social, finishing among the
"also rans."
(jauntier, from the Burns & Waterhouse
stable, made away with the fifth purse.
The distance was the short six-furlongß
and the uncertain chestnut colt won all
the way. Eight lengths away Sallie Good
win led Tullamore out for second place.
A hot tip pervaded the atmosphere on
Thorpe's mount. Mountaineer, to win the
closing five-furlongs for two-year-olds.
The Montana youngster beat the barrier,
but failed to last, cashing in early. Eddie
Jones rnd^> an almost perfect race on The
Buffoon, winning cleverly at the wire
from Bamboulia, the third choice.
TRACK NOTES.
Jockey Henry had a narrow escape from
injury in the third event. He had the
mount on Shannonette, and below the
furlong pole from home the mare swerved
across the track, breaking the inner rail,
and tossing her rider over the fence. The
boy escaped with nothing more than a
severe shaking up. and in future the en
ery of Shannonette will not be received at
Oakland.
On the way to the post for the opening
sprint Starling ran away with Garcia.
Thinking the old mare may have joined
the light artillery, her entry was also re
fused by the stewards.
Some too inquisitive visitor to the pad
dock got too close to the heels of Ostler
Joe, and now regrets it. During the pa
rade on the tanbark between bells the
black fellow let his feet By, catching the
stranger on the shoulder, placing him
hors de combat for a time.
After the sudden improvement shown
by Alaska, the entries of that mare, Snips
and February, comprising the stable of
J. S. Gibson were ordered refused by the
officials in the stand. All have been very
inconsistent performers in the past.
Jockey Coburn, who rode Alaska -tn her
race on Thursday last, was ruled off.
Bob McGlbben, the rosy-cheeked, clar
ion-voiced caller of Oakland track, has
been engaged to fill the same position at
Tan for an Park. Bob is without a peer in
this particular branch of the turf.
Tommy Burns had four mounts and was
unsuccessful in landing any one of them
over the wire first. In all fairness to
Burns, none of them looked to have a
very rosy chance, and his followers had
no "kick" coming. The Western rider's
contract with the firm of Burns & 'Water
house stable goes into effect to-day.
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
First race— Two-year-olds; selling; three
quarters of a mile..
... AVaterwick 108 ... Armistice ins
...Sen Ben 103 67 Royal Bengal. ..lol
223 Silver Tail 105
Second race — Three-year-olds and upward ;
Felling; one mile.
241 Ringmaster 1041 227 Dare 11. .....;... 104
190 Magnus 1"1 218 Watossa 92
Third race — all ages: selling; one mile.
(206) My 'iypsy "6 218 Itio Chlco 102
230 Festoso 104|
Fourth race— Three-year-olds and upward;
Ml I Ing; Futurity course.
242 Modwena 97, ... Purnlah 104
... Jcsple 0 109; 237 Zoroaster 97
221 Novla 104; 181 Bessie Lee 109
237 I Don't Kn0w. ..109; 24') Alaska 102
196 Ktta II 109 153 Isabel 102
...Silver State 1091 60 Pongo 112
Fifth race — Four-year-olds and upward; Bell
ing; one mile.
233 Plan 99; (233)Montallade 99
115 Ping 99 222 Sorrow 99
234 Mamie 0 99 223 Opponent 99
(202)Imperloii3 107] 222 Chas. Le 8e1... 9)
200 Pnt MotTlsaey...lo7
Sixth Two-year-olds; free handicap;
seven-eighths of a mile.
228 Bogus Bill 1041 179 R I x ford 98
235 Bathos .117 1 198 Jennie R11ey.... 90
217 Expedient 97 243 Daniel ' 83
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY
First race— Silver Tail, Armistice, Royal
Bengal.
Second race — Dare n. Ringmaster, Watossa.
Third race— Festoso, My Gypsy, Rio Chlco.
Fourth race— Etta H, I Don't Know, Isabel.
Fifth race — Pat Morrlssey, Opponent, Plan.
Sixth race— Bathos, Bogus Bill, Rixford.
A visit
to the Wieland brewery
would be an education and
a revelation to most
people.
The immense vaults
where the brew is kept in
ice-cold and filtered air for
months to ripen;" the
wonderful process of lin-
ing each keg anew each
time it is used with pitch
applied at a heat of 400
degrees, as . well as the
scrupulous cleanliness
throughout. But in
Wielands
Extra Pale
family table beer they don't
stop at that — each bottle
is sterilized after bottling.
Your grocer or telephone West 144.
California BottlinK Co. ■ ,
1407-17 Eddy St.
AEVEBTISEMENTS.
NEW STORE,
NEW GOODS,
LATEST STYLES.
LARGEST AND BEST LIGHTED CLOAK
AND SUIT HOUSE IN SAN FRANClSCO-
remarkabliTbargains,
COMMENCING NOVEMBER Ist.
LADIES' BLACK AND BLUE KERSEY CLOTH JACKETS
tailor made; extra good value for $7.50; on sale
At $5.
BLACK CREPON SKIRTS, full size; extra good value for ?
on sale
At $5.
LADIES' BLACK CLOTH CAPES; extra good value for $7. G0;
on sale
At $5.
MISSES' GOLF CAPES; extra value for $7.50; on sale
At $5.
LADIES' SILK WAISTS; extra value for $6.50; on sale
At $5.
BLACK AND COLORED SILK SKIRTS on sale
At $5.
Black Dress Goods Department.
CREPON SUIT PATTERNS; extra value for $7; on sale
At $5.
20 pieces 56-lnch BLACK LADIES' CLOTH; extra good value
for $1; on sale
At 65c yard,
BLACK AND COLORED VENETIAN CLOTH, 56 inches wide;
extra good value for $3.50; on sale
At $2.50 yard.
A large assortment of FUR CAPES, SEAL CAPES. SEAL
JACKETS, Etc.
PuitP made to order on the premises. Perfect fit guaranteed
or no sale.
1146 Market Street,
BET. TAYLOR AND MASON.
WIN THEIR
WAGERS BY
HOWLING
Horsemen at Newport Scare
Old Kriss Kringle Into
a Victory.
Special Pispateh to The CJafl.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 31.— Nearly every
horseman on the track was yelling to
day when Kris=? Kringle won the mile
;md a sixteenth handicap. Kriss Kringle
is a confirmed sulker, hut can run like
a deer when there is noise to scare
him. He was nearly scared to death to
day as all the horsemen were netting on
him' and when he appeared to be Stop
l.inir in the stretch they let out a mighty
howl and the old gelding gave evidence
of his weakness by a wild burst of speed
and the money was saved. Kriss Kringle
was first by three lengths. 1 his Incident
caused greal amusement and was the
talU <>f the track. Weather clear; track
fast. Results:
Seven furlong, selling— Be True won, JJ T
second. Parakeet third. Time, 1:29.
Seven furlongs, selling— Colonel nuke won,
Nellie Prince second, Nunkey Me third. Time,
1:30
One mile, selling— won, Molo second,
Eleanor Holmes third. Time. 1:43.
One mile and a sixteenth, handicap —
Kringle won. Sir Rolla second, Jolly Roger
third.' Time, 1:48V4.
Six furlongs, selling— Zanetto won. Flop sec
ond. Hop Scotch third. Time, 1:14%.
NEW YORK, Oct. 31.— A driving rain
confined the attendance at Aqueduct to
day to the regulars. The track was a
sea of mud. Results:
Six furlonKS*— Magic Li^ht won. Armor sec
ond, Olea third. Time. l:lfi 3-S.
One mile and seventy yards, selling— Larva
won. Village l 3 rlde second, Iyeandn third. Time,
1:31.
Five and a half furlongs?— Miss Hnnover won,
Carbuncle second, Sidney Lucas third. Time.
1:10 2-5.
One mile and a sixteenth— Charentus won, In
trusive lecond. Filnn dOt third. Time 1:52^.
One mile and a sixteenth, selling— St Lorenzo
won Hrlsk second, Atlantlcus third. Time,
1 :M i-n.
About seven ftirlongp— Richard .T won, Scotch
Plaid second, Exit third. Time, 1:30.
CHICAGO, Oct. 31.— Weather clear;
track heavy. Results:
Five furlonps, selling— Nora C won, Vie La
mont second, Terrene third. Time, l:ni'-j.
One mile, selling— Yoloco won, Mont Eagle
second, Man of Honor third. Time, 1:43H-
Five and a half furlongs— OTonnell w..n. Al
gafetta second, May Beach third. Tini", l:I0\4.
One mile and fifty yards— Harry Nutter won,
Ed Tipton second, Monongah third. Time,
1:49 H.
Five and a half furlongs— The Lady won. R"d
Cross II poo. in, l, AUanto third. Time. 1:10%
One iniU' and three sixteenths, pclllng —
I >nuhle Dummy won, Tappan second, Moroni
third. Time. 2:nr,^.
For More Sports See Page Eleven.
RACING CYCLISTS ARRIVE.
Hardy Downing, Freeman. Turville
and Lawson Return From the
East to Winter Here.
The first contingent of crack profes
sional cyclists who have been racing on
the Eastern circuit this season and who
will winter in California arrived here yes
terday. The party Is composed of Hardy-
Downing of San jope. H. B. Freeman of
Portland, Clem Turville of Philadelphia
and John Lawson. the "Terrible Swede."
Downing'? first experience on Eastern
tracks was last season. He did remark
ably well until he suffered a bad fall and
was laid ttp for about two months with a
broken arm. He recuperated slowly and
is again in hi? old form. He had a good
season financially and was well pleased
his first appearance here
three years ago as an amateur and later
turned professional. He never showed any
particular speed until he visited the East
and Competed against the cracks, and he
is now numbererl among the best of them.
Freeman at one time held the world's
mile straightaway record at 1:28. though
It has since been lessened considerably.
Turville and Lawson were out here last
winter with the six-day aggregation. Both
have been East since then, racing on the
circuit, and recently went to Salt Laka
City, where Borne good'mects Tiave bef-n
held. As there is a prospect of consider
able racing here and at San Jose this -win
ter they decided to come to the coast.
Lawson says that McFarland and Ste
vens, the San Jose cracks, will be here in.
a couple of days.
NOTED SINGER DIES.
Ugo Talbo Passes Away After a Short
Illness.
STOCKTON, Oct. 81.— Ugo Talbo
famous t«nnr singer and teacher, <li' 1
here this evening, after an Illness of two
weeks. He is known to all musical peo
ple of San Francisco and Oakland.
Talho was a noted singer in Englrv 1
thirty years neo and has prominent rH.'i
tives there. He was once an officer In
the English army.
CONSULT
THE
■ IB am
FIGURES
1-2-3-4-5-6-7
B9 Know for ynur-
fit if you are
HK^' 4HIBI Ileart Disease]
W' Heart Disease,
Sr^i&i: LOQsi& Complete' Pros-
BtffM^ • plete Pro?-
M~+&i -f yiljtHß tration.
{.-■ 1 4^^BH Nervous enn-
Bl^ " dltions bring on
HBhS' I /.'I > Imß iust s "" h serl.
■Hl'/ /;' / 'H ou s con s .-
Wa, / I CTI it 0 i]-jenop?. Be
W^mESl [ k wH warned in time.
9w ' X -, ' i )■*, fl Hudyan will
IBB' J*\ill ' (■■ .fflaß cure you — Hu<l-
strong and r".
Ujj Jl^Hmßwßtt^B Hudyan rup-
I^Jf Mf'i^HßßßfflißW such symptoms
-** >^w^^V^ot'^^ eyes and twit< I' -
// Si »^ wj^^^ '" w '
/ ll'wwk W^rTfH
' UUK ' Ji pain
'^=a M i+iX I (fig. 2>.
tw " A// '-
!l ■ ' •"' (fig. 3). H'J.I-
van cures because it . Strengthens and tones the
entire nervous system.-' Hudyan Insures ft per?
tret a|-tion of every organ of. the body. Are
you neivous, weak, and generally run _ down?
Is your appetite poor? Are you low-spirited?
Are you troubled with constipation? Hudyan
will cure one and all these conditions, and
permanently, too.
Get Hudyan from your druggist— soc a park-
age, six packages $2 50, If your druggist do.-s
not keep it. send direct to the HUDYAN" REM-
EDY COMPANY, corner Stockton. Ellis and
Market streets, San Francisco Cal.
CONSULT HUDYAN DOCTORS— FREE OF
CHARGE. CALL OR WRITE.
'for TORPID LIVER 1 '
I TAKEDr.CC. Jti
!|^THE BEST CF ALL* " ill.
f For Biliousness i/,
®tf Dyspepsia and all «g§
t Stomach Disorders, pi
ALL the LEADING druggists, MOPPORTUNITIES
FOR BIG TRADE
IN THE PACIFIC
Consul Bell Talks to
Merchants.
AMERICAN SHIPS WANTED
POINTED REMARKS BEFORE THE
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE.
This Nation Should Carry Its Own
Siirplus Products — Importance
and Magnitude of Orien
tal Business.
A representative audiences of commer
cial men was present In the rooms of the
Chamber of Commerce yesterday after
noon to listen to Colonel George \\\ Bell.
United States Consul for Sydney, N. S.
W., deliver an Interesting and Instructive
address on "The Commercial Opportuni
ties in the Pacific." The distinguished
gentleman was introduced by Charles
Nelson, president of the Chamber of Com
merce, in a complimentary speech, In
-which he referred to the fact that Colonel
Bell had been selected by New South
ales to represent it at the recent Indus
trial Congress in Philadelphia, and ihis
of itself was sufficient to determine the
worth and ability of the man who had
been so highly honored. Mayor Phelan
was present and was an interested lis
tener during the greater portion of the
After a brief review of the present com
mercial and maritime conditions that pre
vail in this country Colonel Bell said:
"Forty years ago this country built the
finest ships that over breasted the ocean;
and 75 per cent of the nation's products
were carried in American ships, amount
ing to one-third the tonnage or the world.
\\ c now carry less than 11 per cent of our
own products! We have banished our
selves from the ocean; and my patriotism
revolts at the conditions of to-day. v\ ny
is it that your commercial m*n pay al
most $300,0u0,W0 a year 10 foreign ship
owmrs to carry their products to the
point of competition?
"Why have we abandoned the seas? I
will teU you. When we were a great peo
ple and 'when the finest ships and the
American Has were found everywhere
gold was disco vend in far off California.
It was then that shipmasters and sailors
deserted their ships and plunged into the
mines. Commercial people left off all
ideas of foreign trade and crossed the land
in search of pay dirt. Industry was ex
erted in interior development and we
opened our arms to all the world. Now
that the interior has been developed bet
ter than any country in the world a
change in the old policy is required. We
must look abroad to -improve industrial
conditions. The great American stomach
will not hold the American crop. We pro
duce one-third more of the utilities of life
than docs England. But we are not the
only nation that produces a great sur
plus. We must specialize, organize and
concentrate in this age of progress. While
we are (Striving to get into other markets
we must remember that other nations are
doing the same thing. Without a sail to
carry the surplus the people who produce
it must remain Idle. In this war of com
petition it is absolutely necessary to get
abroad.
"Now the question Is, "How to get there?'
NOVEMBER CENTURY
•
Cover by Ernest Haskell. Pictures Printed in Colors.
Beginning a New Volume with First Chapters of The Crom-
well History, "The Biography of a Grizzly/ "The Autobi-
ography of a Quack/ and with contributions from Mark Twain,
Theodore Roosevelt, and many other well-known writers.-^ >*<*
* y First Chapters of the New
LIFE OF OLIVER CROMWELL,
By the Right Hon. John Morley, M. P.
/ > HE conductors of The Century have great pleasure in announcing as the most important histor-
-1 ical feature of the year, Mr. Morley's new life of Cromwell, undertaken on the invitation of the
editor of The Century. No man is more competent than John Morley to treat Cromwell in the spirit
of the end of the nineteenth century. His work as a historian, as seen in the biographies of Edmund
Burke and Richard Cobden, is well known. He is now engaged on the au-
thorized biography of Gladstone. J^ffStfl^:
john morley. The illustrations of the Cromwell series will be remarkable. Besides j
original drawings by well-known English and American artists, permission wfejiK- ItifOS
to reproduce valuable unpublished portraits has been given by Her Majesty Queen Victoria and z »^e "ktll/
by the owners of the greatest Cromwell collections in Europe. 3fcv6^ Sw
First Chapters of First Chapters of %^^^^^^>s.
THE BIOGRAPHY OF A GRIZZLY, THE AUTOBIOGRAPHY
t> t^ c tk OF A QUACK, $*Wmk&*
By Ernest Seton-Thompson. /™Bssju AS •IS WWrs
THE author of "Wild Animals I Have B?£*P? jT T - i> c \xr ■ at' Ull or. a. weir mitchelu
1 Known" here writes his longest and K^^'JS By Dr. b. Weir Mitchell.
most important story. It is a most original W'^HLi / "P VERYBODY has read Dr. Mitchell's great novel of the Amer-
nnd dramatic study of animal life, so mti- v'-Msjlr & ican Revolution, Hugh Wynne," and will want to read
mate that it seems almost as if it were writ- JBrcjf^ what may be called his doctor story, which The Century will print
ten by another grizzly. It is strikingly in three numbers, beginning in November. It is a curious and en-
illustrated by the author, the pictures printed «| f '*"') tertaining psychological study, full of humor,
in black and tints. \'\ \ mM .'■•
A Chapter from ''YJp / X SAILING ALONE
MARK TWAIN'S eRNEBT BETON .L . IwJI AROUND
ABANDONED C^ THE WORLD -
AUTOBIOGRAPHY. r T HE personal experiences of Captain
TT was current newspaper report a few months ago that Mark "*■ Joshua Slocum in the voyage of
1 Twain had written an autobiography which would not be pub- /\ Vt^f^SSlk 4 . 0G0 miles in a forty-foot boat is one of
lished for a hundred years. This idea, if it ever existed in the mind ''^^(li'ilil^'iffi^^ the most entertaining and notable nar-
of the author, has «en given up, but an autobiography was begun, M^^viNk^ft^i ratives of adventure^ever printed in the
and this is one of the chapters, entitled "My Debut as a Literary {Pl%vji Jv'k magazine. In this November instalment
Person " Captain Slocum tells of his calls at Juan
THREE ca^a,n joshua 6LOCUM. Fernandez and at Samoa.
M jgv> UNUSUALLY STRONG GOVERNOR ROOSEVELT AND
iff&W STORIES PRESIDENT ELIOT
'*?■>■ ' '& appear in this number of The Century, all
*v, of them illustrated, and there are notable are contributors to this November Cen- ___w
T^S^^^k poems, including one by James Russell tury. Governor Roosevelt writing an im- ggg^Sfev
J&sW&&*. Lowell on Shakspere, and a poem by John portant paper on " Military Preparedness jgj^ ' i- *^
/^■^/^r^^v Burroughs an 4 Unprcparedness," and President '^N'facs* m
jffi"*' Tr ' > Eliot of Harvard en " The Forgotten rt^ V
MARKTwAm. THE ART WORK Millions" There are a number of im- |^ &
11Uj /llli iT^ni». portant illustrated articles in the number, vSi<*' I
IN THE NOVEMBER CENTURY including one ;on '• Wagner^from Behind j|f?<X.
the Scenes," by Gustav Kobbe,with most J<ffisfel^»t t^6slE>.
is especially attractive, TJcmMcs the pictures printed in color, entertaining illustrations which describe i^^M/Qmi^f^"
there are three exquisite full-page wood-engravings by Timothy " scenery that acts." Another illustrated *f/fjtiaßM!w^\l^
Cole, ihe acknowledged leader of the world's wood-engravers. article reproduces Robert Blum's paint- vyfpr f-rj^J*^
Other full-page pictures include a beautiful portrait of Mrs. Har- ings for the Mendelssohn Glee Club / «««—
rison Gray Otis by Gilbert Stuart. house of New York. Theodore rooseveit.
_____ — — — — — — — — — •
The November Century is the most attractive number of the magazine ever issued.
Buy it on any newsstand (price 35 cents), or BEGIN A YEAR'S SUBSCRIPTION
WITH THIS NUMBER (price $4.00), which opens a neito Volume, and in which the
new serials begin. Subscribe through dealers everywhere, or remit to the publishers.
. THE CENTURY CO., Union Square, New York.
Well, we once abandoned the sea and the
time has now come when we must return
to the sta. You must get abroad with
your goods, but you are at the mercy of
the carriers of the world, who are your
I very competitors. What is the remedy*
!We must have ships. Franco, England
land Germany subsidize their ships to get
i their products abroad, and you must
change your policy and do the same.
Sydney "is the terminus ol ten great
Bteamer lines, all of which are subsidised.
This jireat Pacific ought to be a great
American lake on which American ships
I should be continually floating, suppose
we should subsidize our American snip
ping to tn '■ 3 l- r cent ofthe
100,000 we pay out annually to i nl .<;'-\ ll
carriers, the result ••• llio " ne ,fl
merchant marine In the world and would
rent of American progress
th " America 6 must O1 have a stronger navy,
bui that cannot be supported without a
great iil-h-liuni marine from which to re
cruit it England's great naval power
SSln the fact that she has 250,000 seafar
ing men rca.lv for war at a moments no
tice The sea is the best refuge for the
idle and dl '■ '^ ;r » .?. Uttta money
In this venture and you will have 200,000
Americans manning American ships. The
i patri) ;y. liberty and integrity
'f th e republic demand that we should
de a means to employ our idle citl
:-,: B0 ' ack to the sea. where we
so proud and conspicuous forty
•i striving in the Atlantic
until the Pacific is almost forgotten.
Japan has sprung Into life almost at once.
Its people wani to Increase their indus
trial capacity. They want the best there
willing i" pay for It. China.
> has not had a new thought since
:' Confucius, is waking up.
What will be the appetite of 400;uOO.OOO
tmen when they are touched by the
modern progress? It would be
• to speculate on the magnitude
of i!> wants of China's market. The ter
ritorial Integrity of China must be main
tical economy shall not
! . <Jlsl irbed by any great monarchy. It
will fun Ish a market for our surplus. The
salvation of the country depends o-n our
■ ad. On our sturdy individual
ism depends the success of our competi
tion In the Orient.
"It is strange to me that to unite the
Atlantic and Pacific over ten thousand
• b< agoing Is necessary when the
C the Nicaragua canal
solve the difficulty."
A 1 The conclusion of Colonel Bell's
h. which was punctuated with
rty npplause. Hugh f'raiK moved that
te of thar.ks bo extended to the able
gentleman, and the thanks, supple
mented by cheers, were given with a will.
CAHILL'S MISFORTUNES.
Bereft of Wife and Child Within the
Short Period of Three Weeks.
.T..hn Cahill, whose 2-year-old child,
Margaret Cahill, died from sickness and
• at 920 Bryant street last Monday
morning, made a pitiable exhibition of
himself in th«^ corridor outside the Coro
ner's office yesterday morning. An in
was being held on the body of the
baby, and Cahill, maudlin from the ef
■■■!' liquor, was wailing and lamenting
his loss so loudly that the Coroner was
obliged to postpone the inquest until this
morning at 1 11 "'clock.
Cabill was more pitied than blamed by
the bystanders when they learned that
his wife had die.l only three weeks ago.
He was so much affected by his loss that
he took to drink and had not recovered
from the effects of the debauch when the
1 misfortune came upon him. Mrs.
l >r. Judell was called In last Friday and
found the child seriously ill and In want
of many necessaries. She provided some
erps and Other food and made provision
ts ''are. The father at the time was
helplessly Intoxicated. When the baby
died Dr. Judrll reported the case to the
t Joroner.
The remaining child, a boy, was taken
sick yesterday. CahiH'a friends promised
the Coroner that they would try to gel
■ him sober by this morning, so that he
Vi testify at the Inquest.
An autopsy was performed on the re
: mains by Dr. Zaoala lasl evening. The
ment that the child had been ne
• d and starved to death by an in
human parent was verified and inanition
was Riven as the cause of death on the
; autopsy certificate.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 1, 1899.
PARALYTIC BERRY
CREMATED IN BED
WILLIAM BERRY, so badly paralyzed as to he unable to stir a finger
to save himself, was burned to death in his bed yesterday morning
at the residence of his brother-in-law, Frank White, 2612 Lombard
street.
Mr. White is a soldier at the Presidio, several blocks away, and was do
inp sentry duty at the time the house was burned, Between 7 and 8 o'clock In
the morning he was notified by a neighbor that his house had been on fire
and that most of its contents had been destroyed. He was relieved to learn
that his wife Catherine and his 4-year-old daughter has escaped unscathed.
Mrs. White attended the inquest held by Coroner Hill yesterday morning.
She seemed heartbroken over the loss of her brother, and Matron Harris was
called upon more than once to console the affltcted woman. She said that
she took her brother home from an asylum at Stockton last Saturday. She
wanted him with her because she thought she could take better care of him
than he was getting in the institution at Stockton. Mr. Berry was paralyzed
so badly that he could scarcely articulate, and he was brought to the house
on a stretcher in a hospital ambulance.
A bed was made up for him in a small room adjoining the kitchen which
was covered with a shed roof, and on last Monday he appeared to be gaining
strength. On that night before retiring Mrs. White built a coal fire in the
stove for the double purpose of taking the chill off the air and of drying some
flannels that she had hung on a line in the kitchen. She occupied the front
room with her little Rlrl, and at 5 o'clock in the morning they were aroused
by some one knocking on the front door and shouting that the kitchen was
on fire.
Mrs. White took her daughter from the bed and placed her in safety
outside with a neighbor. Then she ran into the blinding smoke and tlame
and caught hold of her paralyzed brother and tried to drag him out of bed,
but he was too heavy and she could n<>t succeed in moving him. The unfor
tunate man was then unconscious, and Mrs. White, frantic with apprehen
sion, rushed out of the burning building for the purpose of calling for some
one to help her, but It was then too late. Several men who had been awak
ened by the outcry ran into the room and bore Berry's burning body away,
but he had beer, already roasted to death.
The fire was caused by a defective flue. Mrs. White usually burned wood
in her stove, and the coal fire overheated the stovepipe and set fire to the
shed roof. The jury returned a verdict of accidental death.
WHITTELL HAS
BEEN CHARGED
WITH FRAUD
His Sister-in-Law the
Complainant.
♦
George Whittell now rests under the I
odium of a charge of fraud preferred yes
terday by his sister-in-law, Mrs. Ellen A.
Fife, wife of George S. Fife, in an action
filed in the Superior Court by which the
plaintiff seeks to recover judgment
■ against Whittell for the sum of Jiyo,3tj2,
' with interest from September 17, li>l>4. Mrs.
Kiio is a daughter, heir at law and dcvi
! see ot the late Nicholas Luning, who died
August 11, 1890, leaving an estate valued i
at about $10,000,000.
The will of the deceased, the complaint
alleges, was admitted to probate on Au- I
gust 29, 1890. and Whittell and Marion B.
Langhorne were appointed and Qualified j
as executors. Subsequently after all
devisees and bequests had been settled
and a residue of f?,2Gu,000 remained Whit-
I tell advised that the various heirs of the
i estate having an interest in the residue
! form a corporation to be known as the
"Liming Company," in order that great
j loss would not be sustained by the prema- i
! ture sale of the assets of the dead cap!- !
: lalist's estate. Having full confidence in
| the integrity of Whittell, Mrs. Fife's ;
' complaint continues, she agreed to the
: proposition, all interests in the residue ,
! were pooled, a corporation was formed
j and by order of court the interests of the
\ heirs were transferred to the corporation, '
j of which Marion B. Langhorne was ap
j pointed secretary.
In September of 1594 Mrs. Fife alleges
she was taken ill, and believing that she
was about to die applied to the corpora
tion for leave to sell her interest In the
corporation that she might make inde
pendent investments for the benefit of her ;
children. Upon the receipt of her appll- ;
I cation Mrs. Fife says that Whittell rep- '
j resented tn her that the value of her stock
j in the Luning Company was worth $700,
--000, and he agreed to purchase it for that
price and would in addition surrender a i
promissory note held by him against Mrs. j
Fife for the sum of 138,638. Believing that !
Whittell's statements were true and that
the sum named was a fair price for her ;
stock. Mrs. Fife accented the offer and '<
I the note was transferred to her, together !
; with four pieces of real estate alleged to '
be of the value of $700,000. Now Mrs. Fit>
1 says that the property transferred to her j
' Is not worth more than 1671,000 and that
her actual interest in the Luning Com
pany was worth fully $1,400,000, which :
fact, she claims, was kept from her
knowledge by the fraudulent representa
tions of Whittell. Tn consequence she ■
| asks for judgment in the sum named and |
costs of suit.
PHELAN'S LADDER.
Unlike That of Jacob It Was Fatal to
the Carpenter Who Trusted
His Weight Upon It.
Mayor Phelan appeared at the Coronpr's
office yesterday as a witness at the In
quest upon the body of John 11. Dunster,
the carpenter who was killed last Satur
day by falling from a rotten ladder on a
house at Thirteenth and Mission streets, i
The house belonged to the Phelan estate i
and it had bern reported to the Coroner !
that Agent McElroy and Mr. Phelan had
been notified of the dangerous character
of the ladder and had failed to put it In ■
order.
Mr. Phelan said that the property be- |
longed to the estate of the late James !
Phelan. his father, and that he was the
I executor. He had never been Informed that ,
I there was a ladder on the house, or that |
it was defective. R. D. McElroy. the i
agent in charge of the property, knew
more about it than he did.
Agent McElroy swore that he had never
been notified that the ladder was weak
or defective in any way. He had ordered
certain leaks in the roof to be stopped, and
presumed that the deceased had been sent j
by Robinson & Oillespte. the firm doing '
Mr. Phelan's work, to repair the leak.
Messrs. Robinson & Gillespie denied all ;
! knowledge as to the condition of the lad- !
der. They thought that Dunster must
have caught hold of the rung of the lad- !
der with both hands and leaned his whole j
weight upon it.
The jury returned a verdict of accidental
death.
PATHETIC STORY
OF LIZZIE DOME
AMONG MORMONS
Left Her Home in Old
England.
— ■ —
DECOYED BY A MISSIONARY
. •
SHE APPEALS TO THE BRITISH
CONSUL.
— • — ;
Hade to Sleep Upon Straw and to
Pawn Her Clothes for Food to
Sustain Life Until Assis- j
tance Should Come.
•
Lizzie Downe, an unsophisticated Eng
lish working girl, Is the latest victim of
Mormon cruelty and duplicity.
She was enticed from her home In Eng
land by a Mormon missionary named
Arthur Gardiner who promised that he
would give her a situation to do house
work in Salt Lake City at wages from
$8 to $10 per week. When he got the girl
in his clutches far away from her home
he tried to induce her to join the Mormon
church, and because she refused to obey
his bidding he deserted her and left her
to battle with starvation.
The young woman and her sister, Mrs.
Martha Paternoster, of 28 Marlow road,
Kensington, W., appealed to British
Consul Pickersgill of this city for relief.
The Consul forwarded the letters yester
! day to Captain Schell, Acting Immigra-
I tion Commissioner at this port, and Cap-
I tain Schell will make a report to Na
tional Commissioner Powderly with a
view to the deportation of the unfortu- ;
I nate woman.
Mrs. Paternoster tells a harrowing story
lin her letter of her sister's sufferings.
| She writes: "She has been decoyed by a
; man and taken to America, thence to
Salt Lake City in an attempt to coerce
her into joining the gang known as Mor-
I mons. She Is an unmarried woman and
; she left Glasgow by boat in company with
! Gardiner. On arriving at the New York
Custom-house Gardiner induced her to
I swear that she had seven pounds sterling
' in order that she might be admitted to
, this country. • • * She has been perse-
I cuted and has suffered much privation be
! cause she would not join the Mormon
* gang She was treated worse than a dog.
with only straw to lie upon, and she has
j had to sell her clothes to buy food.
PROTECTED HER CARPETS.
I Miss E. Horgan of the Belgravia
Lodging House Had a Team
ster Arrested for Battery.
Miss E. Horgan of the Belgravia lodg
' ing house. 1715 Polk street, appeared in
i Judge Graham's court yesterday as cora
i plaining witness in the case of F. H.
I Frank, a driver for Morton's special de
! livery, on a charge of battery.
Mips Horgan testified that Frank went
to the lodging house for a trunk, and as
he was dragging it over her carpets she
: asked him to carry it, but he declined
j and when she tried to stop him he pushed
her aside. , , , ,
Frank testified that the trunk weighed
200 pounds. He could not carry it, so he
i dragged it over the carpet. Miss Horgan
1 planted herself in front of the trunk, and
' as he continued to shove it alone she
! iumned on top. He gently pushed her
from the top of the trunk and continued
j to Bhove it along till he got to the top of
! the stairs, wh^n he lifted it on his shoul
ders and carried it downstairs.
The Judge thought that a charge of bat
tery could not stand and dismissed the
I case.
INSPECTING HIS OFFICE.
Mr. Cleveland's Mantle to Be Taken
Off Deputy Shipping Com
missioners.
Charles Bassett, the newly appointed
Shipping Commissioner, paid a visit yes
terday morning to the office and was in
troduced to the deputies by Shipping Com
missioner Gwin. Mr. Bassett will take
charge of the office on November 15.
There is a difference of opinion as to
whether all the deputies are protected by
the civil service system and it Is expected
that some changes will be made as soon
as Mr. Bassett becomes familiarized with
the workings of the office
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A TEST EXPERIMENT.
Peculiar Power Possessed by a New
Medicine.
| Of new discoveries there is no end. but
' one of the most recent, most remarkable
and one which will prove invaluable to
: thousands of people, is a discovery which
| it is believed will take the place of all
I other remedies for the cure of those com-
mon and obstinate diseases, dyspepsia
and stomach troubles. This discovery is
I not a loudly advertised, secret patent
, medicine, but is a scientific combination
j of wholesome, perfectly harmless vegeta-
i ble essences, fruit salts, pure pepsin and
! bismuth.
! These remedies are combined in lozenge
■ furm, pleasant to take, and will preserve
; their good qualities indefinitely, whereas
i all liquid medicines rapidly lose whatever
good qualities they may have had as soon
! as uncorked and exposed to the air.
! This preparation is called Stuart's Dys-
per.sia Tablets and it is claimed that one
| of these Tablets or lozenges will digest
from 300 to 3000 times its own weight of
meat, eggs and other wholesome food.
■ And this claim has been proven by actual
experiments in the following manner: A
hard boiled egg cut into small pieces was
1 placed in a bottle containing warm water
heated to ninety-eight degrees (or blood
heat). One of these Tablets was then
placed in the bottle and the proper tem-
perature maintained for three hours and
a half, at the end of which time the egg
was as completely digested as it would
have been in a healthy stomach This
experiment was undertaken to demon-
strait that what It would do in the bottle
it would also do in the stomach, hence
its unquestionable value in the cure of
dyspepsia and weak digestion. Very few
people are free from some form of indi-
gestion, but scarcely two will have the
same symptoms. Some will suffer most
from distress after eating, bloating from
gas in the stomach and bowels, others
have acid dyspepsia or heartburn., others
palpitation or headaches, sleeplessness,
! pains in chest and under shoulder blades,
i extreme rervonsness as in nervous dys-
! pepsia, but they all have same cause,
! failure to properly digest what is eaten.
The stomach must have rest and assist-
ance, and Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets give
it both by digesting the food for it and in
I a short time it is restored to its normal
i action and vigor. At same time the Tab-
j lets are so harmless that a child can take
i them with benefit. This new preparation
! has already made many astonishing
j cures, as, for instance, the following:
I After using only one package of Stuart's
j Dyspepsia Tablets I have received such
i great and unexpected benefit that I wish
;to express my sincere gratitude. In fact,
i it has been six months since I took the
i package and I hava not had one particle
lof distress or difficulty since. And all this
I In the face of the fact that the best doc-
i tors I consulted told me my case was
! Chronic Dyspepsia and absolutely incur-
■ able, as I had suffered twenty-live years.
; I distributed half a dozen packages
I among my friends here, who are very
. anxious to try this remedy.
MRS. SARAH A. SKEELS.
Lynnville, Jasper County, Mo.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are sold by
druggists everywhere at 50 cents for full
1 sized packages. A little book on Stomach
Diseases mailed free by addressing F. A.
, Stuart Co., Marshall, Mich.
THE EMPORIUM.
"Q^»»t'## ' ■ Talcts
m Orders H^>. A f^t. n o.i« n — -»~—™''li OafO'
*■ Early as possible ■* UOMlen KUK ttaXJUM*. Opens at 8.
ft Stocks better. CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA-S ORANDEST STORE. Dainty service.
•> More satisfaction Appetizing viands.
» /
t Our entire stock of Colored Dress Goods
I Remnants— Plaids, Fancy Checks,
% Mixed Suitings and Many Stylish Weaves in plain ;
J colors, together with nearly ioo stylish suit pat- ;
*■ terns— on special sale all of this week at \
% One-Quarter OH Marked Prices. ;
J IVedmsdav Only.
j Furniture, j
£ Carpets. nil \l\\ (
* Five b.g offering?, // I \\ ]]
* good for this day ill ]) 1/
1 Parlor Stand, \l I // 1/ »
k Parlor Stand, \ 1\ // // '
J Bir:seye Maple, 29 lU* 1 jUI 1
$, inches hit.'h, with \ \T~//// i
#1 fancy top 18 inches || I] // 1
ft square, regu arly I]
ft ].£0 each, 100 of '*-** US' '
> them on special sale 1
ft to-day at $1.00 j
* Round Extension Tables,
* solid Golden Oik top. 45 incnes in I
X diameter, regularly $10.00, specia! to- 1 !
», day only $7.75 1
* Mahogany Parlor Suit, t> ,
ft piece?, uphestered with a good va our,
ft regularly special to- r»y 0n1v... (
0 $22.50
* Lowell Ax minster Garnets, ;
** with bor ers to matco, a heavy, dur- )
1 able $1.50 Cirpet, special to-d?v at... '
J $1.5 (
» Hassocks— 3,0 m-de of Body Brus-
ft sela, Axm:n?ters and Wilton-, regu-
ft lar.y 35c each, special to-day~...25c
s» "
* Sale Half Pairs
% Lace Curtains.
* On Wednesday only we offer an-
* other lot of half pairs of Lace \
J Curtains, 200 in all, length 32 .
* yards, all widths, good patterns, '
ft can be used in odd windows, /
t etc., the reduced prices for this '
5 day only, each. 300 to $1. OO
ft — — — — —^— —
* Wednesday Only.
ft Lemonade
X Sets, 78c.
ft Crestat G ss *. I
* Lemonade Set, 'V^j|U v
* fancy shape V^Pl/r^i '
« pitcher, 6 turn- FAiXm r/ i
J biers, all pret- //^ f '#A //
£> tily engraved, ( jr'Zfr cfy%gp\
set complete r^f—^^f^V^m
ft with si v.Tine *&■ /»--^-^J^*-rj) !
ft tray, to- ay g s_ZJ^3^*^ '
ft only 1 or.. ■ '■—^- -^ •
»
ft IVidn'sdav Only. A'uminum
Jss Teaspoons J, e a Y po^! in
* /©/• 27 Cm tern, like
ft
* picture, will not tarnish, very light 1
: J and durable, set of six, special to-day
* for 276
6— ■ '
j Grocery Dep't.'
ft The goods and prices both
» tempting. Highest grades only
ft find shelf room here, and the
* schedule of grocery prices that ,
6 we have introduced in San Fran-
* cisco are a revelation to house- \ {
* keepers.
* Fancy Family Flour— Emporium
* or fcptrry'j, none better produced, b^r-
* re', of 4 sack' $3.50
? Potatoes — Toe best fancy Silmas
« Bur b ink, per cwt, by the sac*. sl.so i
g» Figs— New California Smyrna, in 1-lb ,
& bricks, 2 f0r..... 25c ,
ft Corn — finest quality Western, i
* 'er can 7'-_O''
* Maple tip- Log Cabin, l-?allon <
* ran? $1,06 '
'2 Babbitt's Soap— 7 for 25© ,
2 Chocolate — Ghirar:ell.'s Ground —
£ 3-lb cans..... 680 ;
«. 1-lb cans 2&O
ft Victory Butter— Bitter cannot <
ft be made, and each square weigh? full
* 2 /ft., per square.. 65c
? Raisins -Best seeded, 1-lb package I
5 ioc
4 imported Sardines— tin •
* goods, per cm.. 7c
FELL INTO THE HOLD
AND BROKE HIS SKULL
OAKLAND, Oct. 31.— Captain S. Low
berg, aged 50 years, fell through a hatch
way and down into the hold of the con
demned ship Professor Moss, lying off
Hay & "Wright's shipyard, to-night, and
sustained a iraeture of the skull that will
probably prove fatal. Lowberg was for
merly captain of the Moss, which was
condemned as unseaworthy about a year
ago. after battling several storms at sea.
She is now being dismantled.
Captain Lowberg has a wife and several
children residing in New York State. The
physicians at the Receiving Hospital ex
press very slight hnprs of his recovery.
HITE CASE.
Judge Paterson Completes His Long
Argument.
Judge Van R. Paterson finished his ar
gument in the Hite case yesterday after
noon after speaking for two days on the
plaintiff's side. His argument was con
fined to the legal issues of the suit and
many cases were read in full. It was
thought that Judge Paterson would end
his argument by noon, but by courtesy
he was allowed the afternoon in which to
complete his case. All of the argument
yesterday was confined to the citation of
rases dependent upon purely legal issue 3.
W W. Foote will begin his argument
this morning and many sensational fea
tures are promised.
Guy Chick's Successor.
BERKELEY, Oct. 31.— Superintendent
of Streets Guy Hyde Chick will to-mor
row morning turn over his office to C. D
Maloney. In consequence of an appoint
ment in the engineering department of
one of the big Eastern railways Mr.
Chick recently tendered his resignation
to the Board of Trustees, the resignation
to take effect on the Ist day of- November.
The board elected C. D. Maloney to the
office with the understanding that he
should assume his duties after the end
of October.
THE EMFOBITTM.
Wednesday on'v. J
Ladies' $3.50 5
Gossamers, 51. 49. «
Ladies' Gcs3a ffi&ljfak •
mers, heavy tax- TeTSj ♦
ture, black, bins >iJISI «
and mixed gray, /7^/nv\ *
<ome with double, /iflifi*~^C : \\
some with single /If 4 f\ -^ \\ <*
cape?, assorted t-^J.La^ l _J^ n " "#•
lengths, regular tt ~\ I \ 2
price $3.00 and I r \\ *
$3.50 each, 139 // L I \ ♦
only in this lot' //I Ik \<•
on special sale to- (J r I=. \ ♦
day at $1.4-9 & ...* SI
«
Men's Fleece-Lined *
Undergarments, 38c. «
To-day wa offer one of the best bargains 2
in Men's Underwear that it has been <£
our fortune to give — 50 dozen Fleece-
Lined Shirts or Drawers, endidlv ♦
made, serviceable and comfortably *
fitt n? garments, neat gray color, *
worth at least 50c each, on Wednes- JJ
day only 380 *
- . *
IVidnesdav Only. J
We Quality «
Flannelettes, 7\c. I
The genuine Victoria Flannelettes, in «
light woven colorings, daint/ pink and 41
blue stripes and checks, the ideal Un- >#
derwear, weight, style and quality, "♦
regularly 10c yard, on sale to-day at.. ♦
7 A o "♦
Under muslin Dep't. «
Specials day on i ym |
Infants' Long Skirts, hand *
made of fine Na^ook. hemstitched, <#
regularly $1, on Wednesday only, earn. ♦
650 *
In ants' Nightgowns, the re v- v
!ar $1 quality- o; fi le Nainsook, special
to-da- • 650 X
Children's Muslin Night- «
gowns? small siz.-s only, regularly <•
60c. lor 3oC ■*'
Ladies' Drawers, good quality *
muslin witn tucks a: d four rows hem- J
stitching, with cambric rufflj and J
edged with torchon lace, regularly X
75c, special to-day only 500 •*'
«
Fir Two D iv<. Th a re are no brands 21
Liuuor °* ne uors that ]£
a » ■ are in popular de- <^
&§2CGiatSm mand that ura not 4)
carried by the big store, and we'll save <•
you money on every order. These *
specials are for Wednesday and Thur*- *
day only: ♦
Whiskey— Wilson Pure Rye, 8 ye^a ♦
old, regularly $1.25 bottle, $1.00 1,
Alcohol, for burning — $1.:-(J; J
fur quirt nottles 350
Ginger Ale— Tne $1.00 per dozen «
anility, tor 65c ♦
White Wine— Apod sound table ♦
wine, special for the 2 days, gal .4-So *
Welnesdav Only. For charming house 4)
MHlinery decorations .we offer ♦
C MM «.f»#rT the following pre- *
&peCiaiS. served natural «
paim?: J
$1.25 Preserved Papyrus Pa'ms, to-day... 2
soo 5
$1.f.0 Preserved Papyrus Palms, to-dnv._ 41
750 «
$1.75 Preserved Papyrus Palms, to-day... ♦
, 860 *
$2.00 Preserved Dracena Palm*, to-day... *
$1.00 J
$3.00 Preserve 1 D.acena Palms, to-. .ay... 2
$1.50 I
- ALSO 2
35 Lidies' Trimmed Hats of our best ma" I
terials and workmanship, prices al" jm
ways $18 and $20, for this mv onlr. 41
specia. at k . $14, 00 «
La Estrella's Festival.
Prior to last night La Estrella Parlor
of the Native Daughters of the Golden
"West had been rather quiet in the line
of entertainments and it was thought
that the members were no longer in the
field of social functions, but the Hallow
een party last evening, in the banquet
hall of the Native Sons' building, gave
proof that the merry young ladies of that
parlor are still strictly in it. The hall
was decorated with the time-honored
pumpkin lanterns, and there were apples
suspended from the chandeliers. The
many who filled the hall were entertain
ed with a short programme that had for
features a song and dance by Melville
Coakley; Cakewalk by Juliette Turpin
and William Martin, and vocal solos by
Jack Robinson and Mrs. Keys. Then fol
lowed a pie-eating contest, ducking for
apples, the game of the loggies and other
games Incident to the festival, all of
which were productive of enjoyment.
The affair was a great success in every
sense and after the games there was
dancing. Miss E. Mclnnery. Mr?. M.
Katz, Mrs. J. Seward, Miss Minnie
Klevesahl. Mis? M. Hansen, Miss J.
Vasselin and Miss G. Behlow were the
committee on entertainment.
In the Divorce Court.
R. R. Fowler. District Attorney of Ma
dera County, was granted a divorce from
lis wife, Adah Fowler, by Judge Dain
gerfield yesterday. Desertion was the
ground named in the decree. The defend
ant was allowed to resume her maiden
name, Guthrie. Decrees of di% - orce have
also been granted Agatha H. Horn from
Noah R. Horn on the ground of habitual
intemperance, Mary E. Ellis from Frank
H. Ellis on the ground of extreme cruelty
and Jessie H. Moore from John C. Moore
on the ground of habitual intemperance.
Suits for divorces have been filed by
Charles H. Greene against Viola L.
Greene for desertion. Mary Westcott
against Daniel Westcott for desertion and
Grace Crittenden against Harry Critten
den for cruelty.
Chas. A. Low, candidate for Police Jud*e*
56
WEDNESDAY :....... .NOVEMBER i, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main iscs.
LDiTORIAL BOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Vain 1874.
DELIVERED r?T CARRIERS, 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
S!ne"l* Copies. " cents.
Terrrf by Mail, Inciudlne Postape:
: ■ ■. lI.T CALL (In^luJlns Sunday Call), one year *«.OO
L'AII,Y CALL (!r'-!!:3lni: Sunday Call). <5 months S.on
DAILY CALL. <!r.c:u(!!nß Suwlay Call). I months .... I.CO.
DAILY CALL I Single Month «>."c
BUKDAT CALL 0n« Y?ar 1.30
V. KLT CALL One Year 1-00
All postmasters are author!-:e<l to receive subscriptions.
Kair.p!e copies will be icrvar'\»<H when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 90S Broadwcy
C. GF.ORGn KROGNESS.
.Manager Foreign Advertising, Murquette Building.
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
PERRY LL'KENS JR 29 Tribune Building
— —
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman House: P. O. N'ewi Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
WaMcrf-Aetofia Hotel; A. Breotano, 31 Union Square;
Vurray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C. OFFICE Wellington Hotel
d. L. ENGLISH. Correspondent.
AMUSEMENTS.
On fcefcm— Vaudeville.
■ Colombia— "By the Fad Fea Waves."
California— "Brown's In Town."
Tlvoll— "I/Africalne."
Alcazar— "The Three Musketeers."
Grand Opera House— "Th-.- Conspirators."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon ana
ever.lne.
Olyrr.pla, corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties,
Golden Gate- Hall— Mandolin Recital.
New Aihambra— Mile. >"::!, from Paris. Sunday evening. No-
vcmfc'-r J.
Central Park— St»#pl»cfcaße and performances.
ffiklar.d Raretra'-k— Hac-* to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By A. W. Louderbaek— This day. at 2 o'clock, Turkish Per-
sian Hugs, at I2r, «jeary street.
By S. Watkilns — Thursday. November 2. at 10 o'clock.
Horse*, at corner Fifteenth and Valencia pe«U.
■ ; —
THE SEATING OF QURY.
THE announcement' is made, with every appear- |
ance of authority, that a poll of the Senate
shows that Senator Quay will be seated on the
appointment of Governor Stone. A new element has
appeared which perhaps has aided toward the result,
i: the report of the poll be true. Utah failed to elect
a Senator. It is said that Governor Wells, elected as
a Republican, but a Mormon, is pledged to appoint
ex Senator Frank Cannon to succeed himself, and
that Cannon has brought a number of Silver Demo
crats with whom he acts in the Senate to the support
of Quay in exchange for Republican votes to seat
Cannon.
Four States failed to elect Senators, their Legisla
tures adjourning after long and futile balloting.
These are Pennsylvania, Delaware, Utah and Califor
nia. Governor Tunnell of Delaware is a Democrat,
and if Stone's and Well?' appointees are seated he
will doubtless appoint a Silver Democrat. If an ap
pointee from California appear the net result of
changing the old policy of the Senate as to executive
appointments will be the seating of two free silver
Senators and two Republicans, bo that as to the great
iesuc which secured a Republican majority in 1896
there will be a stand-off.
But there is a view of the matter that goes farther.
Six Northern Republican Senators are from States
with Silver Democratic or Populist Governors. Some
one has said that the statesman who leaves death and
physical disability out of his calculations for the fu
ture omits one of the most certain factors. With the
rule established that Governors always have jurisdic
tion over a vacancy some quite interesting results
might appear.
But. aside from merely interesting speculations, if
the Senate change its precedents and policy in respect
to executive jurisdiction in filling its seats further
changes of great moment may be expected to follow,
which will go through our whole system of govern
ment. When that body settles the issue in favor of
continuance of jurisdiction in the Governor after the
Legislature fails to elect great momentum v.ill be
given to the policy of taking the election of Senators
away from both Legislature and Governor and giv
ing it directly to the people. Then, when a vacancy
occurs by resignation, death or otherwise, in the lan
guage of the constitution, the Governor will of neces
sity have extended to him the power to call a special
election for Senator, as he does now for Representa
tive when such vacancy occurs in that office.
The advocates of the seating of Quay, which will
permit an appointed Senator from California, Utah
and Delaware to pass in by the same door, hold, with
Senator Hoar, that every State is entitled to have its
two Senators always in commission.
We regard this as an erroneous view, with all due
respect to the distinguished gentleman who origin
ated it. It is based upon that clause of the consti
tution which says that no State shall be deprived of
its equal suffrage in the Senate without its consent.
We have never seen any difficulty in the construc
tion of that clause. The Legislature is the electoral
body representing the State in the choice of a Sena
tor. When that electoral body chooses not to elect a
Senator that is the consent of the State to temporary
deprivation of its equal suffrage in the Senate. There
has been no compulsion in the matter. The State-;
consent must be expressed through its official per
sonality. The people as a whole cannot express
themselves otherwise. If the calculations which jus
tify the prediction that Quay will be seated are cor
rect the matter amounts to a decision of all three
political parties in the Senate to change an interpre
tation of the constitution. Senators Hanna, Jones
and Butler, chairmen respectively of the National
Committees of the Republican, Democratic and
Populist parties, arc known to stand together in the
matter in favor of the change.
The Cnll need only Bay that it stands where it did
in the former di -*f this matter, in lint* with
■ jurisdiction to appoint depart^ from
the Governor when the Legislature meets and does
by the failure of that body to elect.
riii* ie a grent year for the Wheelers — one in the
.:? Berkeley and one for the Inter- j
Commerce Commission. Each one is the rieht
it place and doing honor to his nnnir
If the President will now give us a representative
of the Pacific Coast on the Interstate Commerce
rommUsinn we will respond to his thanksgiving
proclamation with increased alacrity.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 1. 1899.
GOING INTO DEBT.
IT is an old stying, and true, that Governments and
bts in good times to be paid
in bad times.
San Francisco may not be able to boast of much
in the way of municipal improvements, but she can
SI entire freedom from municipal debt.
With this immunity from the burden of debt, how
! ever, die has also the finest public park in. the world,
and her far-stretched streets are bordered by as fine
-, ...... • , t as any city can boast.
No one objects to a reasonable expenditure for
• r public improvements, nor to a reasonable bond
i SSUC • • the peculiar campaign made by
Phelan seems to ambush a sumptuous and
- programme and gay carnival to be enjoyed
on the proceeds of a mortgage to be put upon the
the amount of many millions. The volume
lebt suggested runs from a minimum of say five
millions to a maximum of twenty-five millions, and if
the project be entered upon it is more likeiy to be the
greater than the less amount. If that be its volume,
it will be seen that the interest to be paid annually
is a sum so large that if it were devoted directly to
needed public improvements, without issuing bonds
at all, it would, if levied -annually during the same
period as the life of a bond issue, produce more
money for public use than the original principal of
the bond issue itself. While we are not opposing any
ready means that will effect such improvements as are
needed, we desire to call attention to the most
economical method of effecting them.
The Democratic programme is singular in that* it
defeats one of the purposes to which it gives first
Mr. Phelan advocates public ownership of
r r.blic utilities, which are gas and water works and i
street railroads. To buy these public utilities, which
are already in existence and belong to their stock- j
lers, or to create their equals in capacity to serve !
the public in their several ways, will require an out
many millions of d>
If this outlay Le added to an existing bonded debt
id for the purpose of public improve
ments, which under existing law must be made by the
city, there will appear a bonded debt on San Fran
cisco sufficient t<. satisfy the most extensive fancy.
We are of the opinion that the people will require %
a trial of the experiment of public ownership of many
ar public utilities. Public opinion runs that way
and has much argument to sustain it. But when that
policy i« installed there will occur two things. These
public utilities as they now exi-t are contributing tax
payers. Then they will cease to contribute, except j
through their revenue ;.s business plants. If the «cale
of rates upon which they are ran is set at the point
of profit to the city, the surplus they will yield will
to the public treasury. But it is hardly to be ex
■l that thi> scale can be sue! -to fully recoup
the treasury after paying interest r.pon the investment.
Their operation by the city government will be of
course political, and our dollar limit experience shows
that party platforms will leapfrog each other in prom
;-ing to the voi cr rates for water and gas and
tear fares. Whatever deficit is left, between tho
these utilities and the present taxe= de
rived from th- course be made up by taxa
tion of private property.
So when imj •- and public ownership of
public utilities are discussed it all comes back to the
■ taxation. Just how far can a city go in con
tracting debt before the benefit derived from the pro
ceeds of bond* is nullified by the rate of taxation is
a question always of vital interest and needful of cool
deliberation.
Politicians who are candidates for office get heated
in the running and frequently over-promise beyond
the capacity of the city to perform and protect its in
terests One thing is -'.ire. The experiment of pub
lic ownership of public utilities will be tried fn San
Frann~~<*. and it will be tried under circumstances un
favorable to its uccess if it have to be added to an
existing load of large bonded indebtedness. There
fore proposed policies should not be permitted to
neutralize each other, nor should the mere tricks and
tactics of politicians be permitted to confuse the pub
lic mind ?.« to the straight way to all that is required
by the public interests.
The Boers have offered 300 acres of fertile land for
the head of Cecil Rhodes, dead or alive. This is
perhaps the highest price ever offered for a deadhead.
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY.
OUR contemporaries, which for reason? satis
factory to themselves ignored the feats of
wireless telegraphy accomplished first by The
Call in obtaining a report of the arrival of the trans
port Sherman off the Golden (rate, and later by The
Call and the New York Herald in reporting the inci
dents of the yacht races are going to have some diffi
culty in catching up with the news of the day, for
wirele«< telegraphy, either in its achievements or by
experiments to be made with it, is to furnish some of
the mn-t important news items of the time.
Dispatches from New York announce that naval
officials are taking great interest in the tests with the
new system of telegraphy which are being made
under the direction of Marconi. The tests will be
continued for some time, so that the system can be
tried in all sorts of weather and under all sorts of
conditions. It is also announced from London that
the British are to make use of wireless telegraphy in
the South African war and have already made prep
arations for putting it into service.
The experiments by our Government and the tests
made in actual war will give to wireless telegraphy
a prestige which even yellow journalism can no
longer afford to ignore. It will he in vain such jour
nal* resort to fakes to match the accomplishments of
science and invention. The marvels of truth cannot
long be suppressed even by the falsest of journalists,
and ere long the very pnpcrs that mocked 1 at the new
triumph of human ingenuity will be giving up whole
pages to exploiting i's achievements. It is to be
note'! that the Kxamincr recently admitted to its
columns a dispatch from New York giving an, ac
count of the te?t« made by the Navy Department, and
saying: "While the board has set the seal of official
secrecy on it? verdict, there is no denying the fact
that wirelr«s telegraphy is an ftnqualified success."
The new system of telegraphy, moreover, is to
serve other than war purposes. It is not in war
offices only that its possibilities are being studied.
At the present time two important projects basel
upon wireless telegraphy are under consideration by
men of means and enterprise. One of these is a plan
to arrange for communication among the islands of
the West Indies by the system, and the other, more
far-reaching still, is a scheme for opening communi
cation along the coast of Labrador.
The latter enterprise is one of more than ordinary
interest. Every year a fleet of sloops and smail
steamers from Newfoundland go to the coast of Lab
rador, where they engage in fishing. It is said that
some 12.000 fishermen of Newfoundland embark
every year in the venture, and there has long been
a demand for some means of communication be
tween them during the fishing season, which lasts
from early in June until late in October. So large
arc the property interests involved that a land line
would have been established up and down the coast
had it not been for the difficulty of preserving such
a line from destruction during the winter.
Wireless telegraphy offers a solution of the
problem. By means of it communication can be es
tr.blished along the coast and notice can be thus given
where the best fishing is to be found at any particular
season and also where shipwrecks occur and men arc
in need of assistance. At the invitation of the New
foundland Government Marconi's principal assistant
has undertaken to study the problem, and ere long
preparations may be begun to put it into effect next
summer.
These are issues of the day, and sooner or later
every newspaper in tke country will have to give
some space to them. Wireless telegraphy can no
longer be ignored.
HOT ABOUT WATER.
WE are still surprised by the heat shown by the
National Irrigators against the coming water
storage convention.
A snowstorm of tracts, letters, papers, periodicals
and pamphlets is falling all over the State, in which
the supposed projectors of the convention are de
nounced as lawyers and other things, to be regarded
with suspicion.
These letters advise the people that national irri
gation means irrigation without debt, for its plan is:
"Federal reservoirs for the storage of flood waters,
to be built through appropriations under the river
and harbor bill, as recommended in the Chittenden
report." We are not favored with a copy of the Chit
tenden report, but we favor it. The convention will
favor it. If something can be had for nothing, Cali
fornia will be the last State to refuse it. But while
the promoters of the convention feel that spirit toward
the national irrigators, the latter are making the wel
kin howl with attacks on the convention. They have
issued a circular which reads like a penny dreadful
and is as lurid as one of Cobbett's lampoons, in which
they say to those who receive it by mail: "Will you
not secure the necessary appointment (as delegate to
the convention) immediately, so that you may attend
this convention, and write informing me whether you
can do so, and whether we may have your support
and co-operation in the national movement? Should
you be willing to attend the convention, and not be
able to secure an appointment under the call, please
advise immediately and some arrangement may be
possible which will secure for you the desired right
to attend as a delegate."'
This is a cold-blooded proposition to pack the con
vention with the inflexible adherents of the national
plan. Its impropriety will be seen when it is known
that the convention is called not to antagonize that
plan nor to indorse it. but to consult upon a subject
of vast interest to California, leave open the right of
way to all plans and see whether the day of storage
of waste water cannot be hastened by some other than
the modes that have been a long time in action with
out catching any water.
We desire to c ay that a packed convention, in the
interest of Federal appropriations, will harm only the
mtere-t that is spending rhetoric, denunciation and
Cash to secure it.
The National Irrigators seem to be full jeweled.
They maintain offices in Chicago, Washington, St.
Louis, San Francisco and Los Angele«. They have
| a treasury that supports a costly propaganda. All
this honey may come out of the flowers which are to
bloom on the nationally irrigated lands in the future,
• its lavish u<e now suggests inquiry as »to its
source.
Mr. Phelan's attempts to induce Republicans to
vote crooked while the Democrats vote straight has
j had no effect thus far except to make himself crooked
BRITISH WAR REPORTS.
SHORTLY after the publication yi official dis
patches announcing the success of the British
forces at Glencoe, near Dundee, there came
from Pretoria a report giving the Boer version of
the affair. The Pretoria account of the results of the
battle were widely different from that sent out by the
British, and The Call in commenting upon the dis
crepancy stated that the events to follow in the next
few days would show which report was the more
accurate. There is now no longer any doubt on the
question. The Boers were not defeated at Glencoe.
Their advance has been continuously forward, and
the British, despite their claims of victory, have had
to fall back from every one of their advanced posi
tions.
Notwithstanding the retreat of his army, notwith
standing the imminent danger of complete defeat
which threatens it at Ladysmith, General White con
tinues to send boastful dispatches to London an
nouncing victorious attacks on the Boer lines. These
dispatches are doubtless designed to be reassuring,
but they have ceased to have that effect. Reports
from London show that the people are in a high state
of anxiety concerning the situation, and compara
tively little trust is put in the official assurances that
all is well.
The unreliable nature of the official reports given
to the public was exposed in Parliament during the
short session called to vote money for the war. On
the floor of the Commons it was openly charged that
the Secretary of State for the Colonies was suppress
ing or misrepresenting dispatches from the front.
The charges were indignantly repudiated, but the re
pudiation only shifts the responsibility a little further
back. Clearly the truth has not been told, and if the
Ministers in London have not altered the dispatches
thru the general at the front has misrepresented the
facts.
Judged by the results, Weyler's dispatches of vic
tories over the Cubans were not more false and mis
leading than those which the British authorities in
South Africa have sent out concerning the battles of
the present war. They have claimed successes in every
engagement, have repeatedly asserted that the Boers
were driven back from point after point with heavy
loss, and yet the movements of the campaign show
that it is the British who have hnd to retreat, the Brit
ish whose losses in killed, wounded and prisoners
have constituted the serious features of the fighting,
and the British who are now in peril of being forced
to surrender their army to save it from annihilation.
Over and over again British critics have denounced
the censored reports sent out from Manila under the
orders of General Otis. Over and over again they
have assumed a superior virtue in lecturing the Amer
ican people upon the misrepresentation of news.
Never, however. ha<= there ever been committed by
the officials of this country, whether civil or military,
any such wholesale and extraordinary misrepresenta
tion as that which is now being carried on by the
British general in his reports from the seat of
war. It is not surprising to learn that even his own
countrymen do not believe him, and, despite the best
efforts of the Government to reassure them, the feel
ing in London continues to be one of intense
anxiety.
\ jB fi Hs RKi >\ X. 1 * . Yjj \ '*
\ I'^'H B * \
The Statue of De Lesseps at Port Said.
This colossal figure, forty feet high, made by Sculptor Fremieh of Paris, will
be erected within a few days at Port Said, at the entrance of the Suez Canal, of
which M. de Lesseps was the projector. It Is a gift of gratitude from France,
and representatives from all nations will be present at the dedication.
THE CALL'S "HOME STUDY CIRCLE"
IS AN ADMIRABLE PLAN
SACRAMENTO, Cal. ,
\, October 5, 1899.
To the Editor of The Call — Dear
Sir: It seems to me unnecessary ; jjjgj - -,'
that I should speak of my approval 1 r° - v? ,
of the plan of The Call to bring \ ffg* -*•;-§ * ■
before its readers the good and ' %M ' ~ R "
strong thoughts of such -men as : ■ '- i||||^ '\-- ■
will contribute to the Home Study . jk ?\\ ■,'
Circle. The plan appears so ad- ;^|^^^yr^^J
mirable that I am certain I shall '^^^^^'^mf^
enjoy its development . Bk lh H
Very truly, "i^H"*§*«W
J. H. POND.
Principal Sacramento High School.
■ ■—._" --■.-• - ...
PROPOSITIONS ON THE SCHEME
OF NATIONAL IRRIGATION
W. S. Green Says the Plan of Raising a Fund by Renting Our Arid
Lands for Ten Cents an Acre Is All Humbug.
Editor Call: I have been criticized for ;
saying that the National Irrigation Con- [
gre*s was a magnificent humbug, and one '
paper says that it whs this congress that j
brought out the point "That if all our i
arid lands were rented or leased for a !
terna of years at 10 cents per acre, i
this amount would create a fund thai
if applied to the purpose of building ■
reservoirs, would build all that was re- |
quired," etc. This congress, through its
authorized spokesmen, announced an in- j
come of $500,000 from these 10-cent lands, i
Now I udd "magnificent humbug," and
If I do not prove it take my head for a
football. Let us first see about this 10
--cent business. This congress presumes to
be a teaching body, and should be toler
ably correct in Its statements and calcu
lations. Who is to rent this land at 10
cents an acre, which superficially looks
cheap?
Land is worth in Europe Its rental value
for from thirty-five to forty years; In the
| Eastern States the value is placed at its
I rents for about thirty years, and in Call
i fornia it Is certainly worth its rental
\ value for twenty years. Ten cents an acre
| for twenty years is $2. Now, money on
: long loans can be had at 5 per cent por
annum, but who would take the chances
; on any kind of a loan if he could pur
chase land at $2 an acre rented out at 10
! centP, or for a rental that would pay for it
in twenty years, getting his income every
I rear? This is, of course, unimproved
! land with no expenses whatever on It.
jTo assume, therefore, that we have
five millions of acres that will rent right
; away for 10 cents an acre, we must as
| sume that the land is worth as it Is, wlth
i out any speculative future, $2 an acre
I Is there 2(5,000 acres of land in all Call-
I fornia except timber lands, not in private
hands worth $2 an acre? I think not.
There is certainly not five millions.
But we will all admit that land is worth
: what it will rent for In ten years, for
this Is 10 per cent Interest.
Xow, a fair sample of the lands that
1 would be for rent is the unentered lands
: on the line of the Southern Pacific, be
i tween Bakersfield, and say. Saugus
' Every little water place Is of course- in
! private hands. Now, if you had "money
: to burn" would you give $1 an acre for
I all the Government land in sight of the
i road? You are to take it. De it remem
bered, without any speculative value, but
! you are to make your money back In rent-
Ing it or using it in its present 'ondltlon
I Do you think there is a single quarter
! section for which you would give 5160
! cash under such conditions? If you were
going into the sheep business would \nu
; take all the unentered !hu<l for ten miles
each side of the road, between Lancaster
and Saugus, for nothing? If you did you
■ could easily be sent to the lunatic asylum'
| Yet that, nnd millions of other such ac.-es
I would have to come in on the l',-cent
proposition.
Then to pet their $500,000 a year they
must find D.n00.000 acres or 7Sil square
: miles worth $2 an acre without the
; privilege of taking off any timber! A
< great teaching body, that is going to en-
I lighten all the United States, is barred
out from pleading the baby act by savinr
I It was a guess.
Apropos of estimating the value of
i grazing land, I know of some parties who
thought it a good speculation to locate
some "lieu" on some grazing land toler
ably high up in the mountains. The land
is well watered and will grow potatoes" In
great abundance and all other things
that will mature at an altitude
of 5009 feet. They located it and
paid the State fees, but could not
make the first payment, so it is State
land. Knowing of this 1 gave a rich
stockman of the same county a map of
it and told him he could get it for $1 23
an acre. He examined it and said it
would not pay. Now one acre of this land
is worth a whole section of some of the
land one can see from the car window
between Lancaster and Saugus, and yet
if it can be rented for 10 cents an acre
the Stat»> would not keep it long.
The wild ranges of California are used
up to their utmost now, and yet little
valleys and watering places in the moun
tains that have commanded range have
not sold for much more than $2 an acre
We must count on sheep from which to
pet our revenue— our $500,000. Suppose we
assume that one-third of our three mil
lion sheep arc fed on Government land?
We would have to get :>0 cents a head out
of them for the use of the land!
Now I admit that riuite a revenue might
be had from leasing the Government
lands, but these people have told us 10
cents an acre and $500,000 as the result,
and they must not be permitted to plead
th* baby act— they are great teachers.
If the lands should be rented to the best
advantage it would be to large syndi
cates, who would crowd out smaller
growers, and this would be an evil; an
evil bo great as to make it a debatable
question as to its policy on that ground
alone. If the Government should enter
on a scheme of land leasing it would have
to make different prices on the land, be
cause there is a vast difference in it and
this would give rise to fraud and favorit
ism. Then to mako it all one price— lo
cents— everybody would have to be kept
off Government land who would not pay
that price, because if not nobody would
rent, and then all land not worth $2 an
acre would not be used, and that would
be to the detriment of the State and its
people.
Then the authorized spokesmen of the
congress tell us that they are going to
build reservoirs in the mountains and
t)<en have no system of distribution other
thin voluntary co-operative companies'
That is a thousand fold worse than that
10-ront humbug. They are going to build
reservoirs up on the headwaters of such
a river as the Kings, with say 200 square
miles to be served, and let a lot of little
voluntary co-operative companies go after
it as best they may! No law to protect
the rights of those too weak to protect
their own, no laws to make those pay who
ought to pay! The congress, or the prin
cipal part of it, made money fighting the
district plan of distribution, and it all the
time announced that that work must go
to the wall in order that the fee may be
earned. If it is provided that all must
pay who get benefits and all in the range
of benefit shall have a right it comes to
the basis of the district system, and the
fee pr id the congress would not be
earned! Alongside this sort of humbug
gerv the 10-cent price falls into utter
nothingness.
It is said that there were a whole lot
of good men in that convention. Of course
there were, but take the proceedings and
| see that a very few run it. We have all
! been in conventions of the sort. A few
i prepare a programme and all the rest
think they know what they are about and
the programme goes. For example, In all
this talk about this 10-cent rent *ho has
taken the trouble to analyze it and even
think to himself what a magnificent hum-
other points yet that ought
to be showed up. but I have exhausted
your patience. «• S. Ohbt^.
Colusa, Oct. 30, 1899.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
W. P. McFaul, the Santa Rosa mine
owner, Is at the Grand.
John I. Husband, a traveler from Lon
don, England, is at the California.
.Fred B. Jackson, a tourist from Old
ham. England, is a guest at the Palace.
W. W. Turney. an influential attorney
of Campbell, is among the recent arrival*
at the Grand.
Frank Hall, a millionaire mining man
of Trinity County, is registered for a short
stay at the Lick.
Joseph McClay. a wealthy mining man
of Calavaras County, is among the late
arrivals at the Rue*.
M. B. Tuttie. one of the foremost busi
ness men at Watsonville. is at the Grand
for a short visit to the city.
Mr. and Mrs. H. H. Neel, two prominent
society people of Hanford. are among the
arrivals of last night at the Occidental.
Judge J. F. Poßten, a prominent resi
dent of Selma. Is at the Lick on a short
business and pleasure trip to the city.
L. Merle, a traveler from Paris, la at
the Palace, accompanied by his wife.
They are touring the State on pleasure
bent.
District Attorney I. G. Zuenwa'.t has
come down from his home In Colusa for a
short pleasure trip to this city. He Is at
the Lick.
Charles L. Merrill, a leading oil specu
lator of Coallnga, is one of those who ar
rived in the city yesterday and went io
the Lick.
Dr. B. W. Wallace, a well-known phy
sician who has spent some time In Mazat
lan, is at the Occidental. Mrs. Wallace
accompanies him.
Frank L. Chance, the famous catcher
of the Chicago Baseball team, is a guest
at the Lick. He is on his way East from
his home in Merced.
J. A. Chansler, W. H. Graham and J.
p. Kerr. three wealthy speculators from
Oil City, are registered at the Palace,
where they arrived yesterday.
G. H. Cooper, C. A. Clapp and J. C.
Carlisle, three prominent and wealthy
business men of Boston, were among the
arrivals at the Palace last night.
Colonel A. W. Jones, a well-known rail
road man of Pacific Grove, is a guest at
the Lick. He is in San Francisco attend
ing: to some business concerns in which he
is largely interested.
■ m ■
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. Oct. 31.— W. R. Ellis of
San Francisco is at the St. James; H. C.
Davenport and wife of Oakland are at
WlUarda.
■ ♦ ■
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
CAPTAIN BARR— Subscriber, City.
; Captain Barr of the yacht Columbia is a
native of Scotland. It has been announced
that he is a citizen of the United States.
SHERMAN— A. S.,Woodside, Cal. Gen
eral William T. Sherman was born in
Lancaster, Ohio. His branch of the fam
'■ ily is traced back to Samuel Sherman of
' Essex, England, who came to this country
in 1634 with his brother. Rev. John Sher
man, and his cousin. Captain John Sher
, man.
NOT ONE PREMlUM— Subscriber, City.
Of the list of coins submitted not one
commands a premium. A half dollar of
' IS3I may be purchased for 75 cents, a
I quarter of 1853 with arrows at date and
! rays around the eagle for 50 cents, a
! twenty-cent piece of 1875 for 66 cents, a
' dime 1529 for 25 cents, a silver three-cent
1 piece of ISSI for 15 cents, a nickel three
I cent piece of 1565 and one of ISoS for 23
I cents each, copper nickel of 1858 flying
eagle with small letters for twenty cents,
same pattern and date, but of pure cop
per $5 and one cent copper nickel of 1859
lor five cents and one of pure copper $2 60.
There has been published a story that
! stolen gold was thrown into a melting
pot of one cent pieces in 1858. but the
story has been denied by the Mint offi
cials
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'a.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by t*.a
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 lion
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Speedy Justice.— "Guilty or not guilty?"
asked a Dutch justice.
"Not guilty."
"Den what do you want here? Go
about your pisiness."
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mother* for their children while Teething with
perfect sucess. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays pain, cure? Wind Colic, regu
lates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and aak for Mrs.
Wlnslow's Soothing Pynip. 2 r >c a bottle.
HOTEL DEL. CORONADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at ho
tel; longer stay, J2 60 per day. Apply at 4 New
Montgomery street, San Francisco.
A virorous growth and the original color
given to the hair by Parker's Hair Balsam.
Hlndercorns, the best enre for corns, 15c.
Smith— See Jones over there, laughing
so heartily? Somebody must have told
him a funny story.
Brown— More likely Jones told It him
self.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
In speaking about Scott's
Emulsion for children, you
should not forget that it con-
tains lime and soda, just
what the child must have to
form strong bones and good
teeth. It's this forming time
you want to look after.
Growing bodies must have an
easily digested fat Just think how
much of it there is in miik, as cream.
scoirs Emulsion
is even more easily digested than
cream. It's surprising how chil-
dren thrive when given it
Don't keep the children living on
the edge of sickness all the time.
Make them strong and rugged,
plump and hearty. Scott's Emul-
sion of Cod-liver Oil and the Hypo-
phosphites of Lime and Soda will do
this for them.
At ail dmetrists ; foe. ari $i.oo.
SCOTT & BO\VNE, Chemists. S« Yoi%., ' MISCELLANEOUS. .
I special sale ! ALL ROADS LEAD TO PATTOSIEN'S **«<«.
__^ _^_ ___ on advertised
Stoves and Ilf| UL/I \\l JU |||S N l\i A F U : funded lf &oods
Ranges 1 Ifl I il VI L Ifl C1 1 I OALU! "V " "^
g Solid Oak Bedroom Suit— Our Great Sale is now on and things are Parlor Suit (5 pieces)—
g -uK S£i 'a^^^rtrr^n^ i booming. No profits for us just now, in fact *££"«« Sn™» u fl »
A bevel-plate mirror; a beautiful $16 50 . _ iiti ■.■■■"■•■■,'•''■- . . Btered ln satin damask; our $50 00 leader.
| 1 . 1 ?!!.. 8^?:: $10.50 we are not looking for any. What we wish is 1 . 1 ! 1 ."' 1 !!!:::::::::: $37.50
§ to get our goods out of the way of the car-
8 Massive Solid Rockers— penters as soon as possible. If you care to Solid Oak 6-Pin Costumers—
I Solid leather seat, a handsomely $16 50 i , ■ i.■ _ , x'.rii- . »—> , Strongly made and very useful; *oM
"'! rK .. th ! ssa ! c :: $10.50 we are not looking for any. What we wish is !: ilrns 89fl ! e ::: .$37.50
to get our goods out of the way of the car- —
Massive Solid Rockers— penters as soon as possible. If you care to Solid Oak 6-Pin Costumers—
I M^V. a sair.^.".ff: $2.00 seethe greatest selection of House-Fur- BtroUKly made .a.e 2 . very useful; sold
ii.*JK t? : $2.00 see the greatest selection of House-Fur- — SSSuS-iS* 90c
§ ; nishing Goods in the city come and see our
| Sideboards— establishment. Ridiculously low prices pre- Sideboards—
j3 Solid quartered oak. 45x22 inches, swell . i . _l i ■ • Solid oak piano polish, elaborately
vl S?^»tesS^ r w I SS: Sla %n vail in every department. ssrfcvir 1 n « p aVsn
V^ board. At tills sale <}>lO.OU price CJJO^.OU
1 Cane-Seat Chairs— n - /SE» a% Ji High-Back Dining Chairs —
I China Closets- (? <^l!&^l^ I 'f I^^ i Wardrobes—
carvtsa. ?£m Closet.... $14.75 »^^^^^ M^_^^^ m ._f I f ; M^«^- 1% $2 :. 00 :.. 5a1 . < :.. PT : i . c .::::::::: $18.00
i Extension Tables— f^^^^^^^ y^^^W^i^^l ' Baby Carriages-
Q Solid oak box frame. ■ massive pillar \s&\ X^?&%7\ rQp'TtfU « Ci*^' C--7 "%&S si&^"' 5^ A beautiful array; a discount of 30 per
■£ legs, very heavy; our * U <sin €\i\ \Z%/<\&y&)\C\^fL< ! y'hl \vZ7*'-\ '"" ■ '^^-^^ - -^ cent to early buyers. Prices range from
<% table. At this sale tJJIV/.VFv/ TV'-A V f vQiV^ii^--' /A? El i£^S3 I—^■m ?^ — /-» i rr> r» r^. s\
§ uSiiE&^i.SSS 1 rM^^^^^=^g:( t^dlll^i ■ g^g^cj $4.50 to $30.00
I UaijiglO alon. with the «st; This cut gives only a sligrht Inkling of a speoiai bargain In Bedroom Aaa 5Q , ° „,« _.. .mnar,-^ H i«, ♦
8 Will be Bacriflced along with the frOm Suit*. It 1b a real work of art. beautifully carved, piano polished, *™ V* 0 R Mil %v VTnT^f, .hwvKL^ 1
SO per cent reduction on anything, from front, heavily built, large Frenoh berel-plate mirror on draser; ■ a great \ S/L'" U ' , X •?n < m rranVwco from i«in
« Ingrain to Wilton. seller at $42. We will sell durint this sale at ... . tllJ*^ eortmeni in f-an Francisco, from 10c
<c ' ■ " ■ —— I per yard upward.
I SIXTEENTH AND MZ* 71 TTT4*% 6f C^ A/ ££ MISSION AND
g MISSION STS. 1 Ml I M U&iL^iy O. SIXTEENTH STS.
? AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA THEATER, Th ular
J Crowded Houses Nightly
{? ffj. The Laughing Hit of
*~'JQi>f the Season.
/Jf. BROWN'S
m IN
cJ fj3 ) TOWN,
' J i^ll *X? This Week Only.
ilX' M ejj *- '""" Popular Prices— Even-
»£! gj Ire, T ■. sOc - 25c - Matl-
C^v» B § nee Saturday and Sun-
"^^ «?v da - v >- sOc - 2Sc -
i^3^s;£ji Sunday night, return
J*S^ engagement of NANCE
f^TL, . ***~<i> O'NEIL. Positively llm-
*«a!Bfey"' e> r lied to one week.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAND AND ENGLISH OPERA SEASON!
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
Saturday and Sunday Evenings.
The Greatest Triumph of All!!!
Meyerbeer's Tragic Creation,
V L'AFRICAINE I
Received With Lavish Praise by Press and
Public!!
The Most Super! Operatic Performance Ever
Heard Here.!
Another Artistic Musical Gem!'.! Balfe's Ever
Popular Opera,
THE BOHEMIAN GSRL!
Thursday, Friday Nights, Saturday Matinee.
POPULAR PRICES-25 AND 50 CENTS.
Telephone for Seats, Bush 9.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
LAST WEEK OF
THE THREE
MUSKETEERS!
MATINEE SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
CHRONICLE— "The production Is remark-
able; players entirely satisfactory."
PRICES— IBe, 2.~c, 35c. 50c. •
NEXT WEEK— New York Lyceum The-
ater Farce Hit— "NERVES."
OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 53!.
Last Week of the Best Comic Opera Ever
Written in America.
THE
CONSPIRATORS!
Music by H. .7. STEWART.
Book by CLAY M. GREENE.
A Triumph of Callforn'.an Genius. A Most
Beautiful and Costly Production. Packed
to the Doors Nightly.
Monday Evening Next— Francis Wilson's Or^at-
ept Comic Opera Success,
THE yVUBRRY MONARCH
POPULAR PRICES— 6Oc. 35c, 23c, 15c and 10c.
A Good Reserved Seat at Saturday Matlne« 25c.
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
new ALKAMBRA THEATER ■
Eddy and Jones Its Phone South 770
Commencing NfcXT SUmDaY
EVENING, Nov. 5
Brady & Zl^iriV-ld's 'MAT
Parisian Comedy Success, jillAl- JAI«
THE POPULAR CRAZE,
MLLE.FIFI, S .
NEW YORK TRIUMPH— JOB NIUHTS.
AMERICAN VITOGRAPH.
Dewey celebration (New York).
Presentation to Dewey of sword by Secretary
Long and President MoKlnley.
•^ BALK OF SKATS-ALHAMBRA THEATER,
™ TO-MORROW (THURSDAY). »a, m.
PICICES-Tsc, Me, 35c. 2f,c and l.c.
MATINEE 15c, 2.1 c. 3.'.c and tOo,
ALL SEATS RESERVED.
November 12 EUGENIE BLAIR
In "A LADY OF QUALITY."
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1899— CALIFORNIA JOCKEY OLUB-1900
Winter Meeting, beginning SATURDAY, Sep-
tember 23, 1*99
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
1230. 1, 1:20, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with' trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
All trains via Oakland Mole connect with San |
Pablo avenue Electric Cars at Seventh and
Broadway. Oakland. Also all trains via Ala-
meda Mole connect with San Pablo avenue
cars at Fourteenth mid Broadway, Oakland.
thej=e electric cars Redirect to me track In fif-
teen minutes.
Returning Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p m arid Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
I il OP BOEFLICH
' 3 | fi «*& Importer and
kl * X i B __^^ Manufacturer,
i %3§ 1U H6 Grant Ay.
Telaphcne
OHEEN 325.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIAiSr
All Comedies and Comedians do not look alike
to the Frisco public.
THEY ■■■■■■■^■■■■■■■■■■■■■w CROWDS
™T MATHEWS £"
REAL AND SEE
™™ BULGER, «■
AND In Their Newest Hit. BEST
GETTING Dl THE CAR THEM
GETTING Bl lilL OMU THEM
SEA WAVES, all.
PRICES— SI, 75c, 50c. 25c.
MATINEE TO-DAY (WEDNESDAY), Nov. 1.
Parquet. 2 .r, any seat;- Balcony, 10c: Chil-
dren, 10c. any part. ■
ENTIRE SHOW A DISTINCT HIT.
LOUISE DRESSER AND HER PICKANIN-
NIES.
JACK NORWORTH.
IIAL MERRITT and FLORENCE MURDOCK.
WRIGHT HUNTINGTON AND CO.; LAURA
BURT; SADA, WALTON'S ACROBATIC
SIMIANS.
MLLE. ERNA'S MUSICAL DOGS.
Lo«t \Ve;k of I.OTTY.
The Originator of Her Beautiful Act.
OLYMTIA EDDY ST.,
KJfL T IVMMMA+ cor. mason
The Only Free Vaudeville Show in the City.
A BILL THAT BEATS THE BEST.
FRANK "BARTON,
A Coon Singer Without a Peer.
rousellTbrothers
World's Champion Ring Artists.
ruth^Telta,
The Italian Songstress and Her Filipino Baby.
And a Host of Others.
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
ADMISSION FREE.
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
! FRANK HALL, Subduing "Wallace," the '
Monster Lion from th« Zoo.
7VV/\JOR MITE,
The Smallept Actor on Earth.
LOCAL CANDIDATES on the Animatoscop«! ' I
Visit the CABARET DE L.A MORT.
TO-MORROW— THURSDAY NIGHT.
AMATEUR MEGAPHONE MINSTRELS 1
Phone for Seats PARK 23
VALENTINE ABT,
The World's Greatest Mandollnlst,
In TWO RECITALS an.l SOCIALS, In
GOLDEN GATE HALL,
625 Sinter Street, November Ist and 4th.
Tickets, 50 and 75 cents. On Sale at KOHLER
& CHASE'S. 2S O'Farrell Street.
Mr. Abt uses the Wasliburn mandolin, which
alone Is proof of Its high merit?, as Mr. Abt
is Its greatest living exponent. Kohler &
Chase sole agent for Pacific Coast.
"MAYOR'S DAY" at the I
STEEPLECHASE-CENTRAL PARK.
SrtT«JßO«>'. Nov. -4-.
$250 IN CASH to be thrown from the High
Wire at 3:30 and 8:30 p. m. Open scramble; j
free for all. 25 Coney Island novelties in full j
Mast. Presents to every winner of races.
Handsome badge of your choice for Mayor
given to all. Make your favorite get a major- .
ity number and see how the wind blows. Open
dally from 1 until 12 p. m. Admission to all ■
attractions and ride 10c
, Transcontinental tourists and tray- \ [
elera from all over the United States 7
I show their appreciation of the excel-
lence of the |
♦ PALACE ♦
GRAND
| by making these hotels their headquar- '
i ' tern while In San Francisco. Fourteen i
I hundred rooms, 000 with baths — largest I
i and finest In the world.
I JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK. Manager. 9
♦ «»•■•••-•--•-••■•••»•••»»•»•■
-.. ruoTOGaAPnxo ■■ ■ M ABB af*A
SIS^ VITALIS
THE NEW
i.tD» y . akSn^^H^ JUg. D rnruAii
BTOT 10ihD.y. *»''lk vL rnkGiUlßii
VITALIS 2ftthOa «C li Di:||C|i¥
rimul ilif THKiBOVK 30th Day. ItklflClllll
II KM I.TS. It quickly * surely r«move» Nervoiun««. Latsei, Evil "
Drtanik, Wasting Dinasea A all effects of »elf-abu*e or bwm &
lndncret>on>. R««torea Lo«t Vitality, Power & Failing Memory, i
Wards off In«anity anil Con«umr.tion. Cures when all otlien fail. I
Insist on haTlnt; VITALIS, no other. Cau be earrie'l in vest
pocket. By mail *1.00 per package or six for $5.00 with ■
;uar«ntee to Core or hVfpnd the Money. Circular Free. Ad!re>ii *
CAM MKT CURE < 0., 381 Denrborn St.. <hi< a«o
Bald in San Fraaeiico and Oakland by the Owl Drug Co. I "
THE FAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDN ESP AY, NOVEMBER 1, 1899.
"Will Arrange for the Parade.
The Dewey celebration committee will
meet at 2 o'clock this afternoon at the
Mechanics' Pavilion to complete arrange-
ments for their parade and exercises to
take place next Saturday evening. An In-
vitation is extended to all citizens who are
interested to attend. The employes of the
Union Iron Works are invited to parade.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
K9BB*3BSHIIEHHBEE!BBHHHE3aiB
m
I Free Tickets I
a TO THE g
i cs
| Orpheum! |
a ¥ I
B B
§ BUY YOUR E3
|B B E
B
| Ivnry i
IsU! I OUuU ■
mm iv H"^ B
n SAVE YOUR WRAPPERS AND B
S GKT FREE TICKETS TO THE □
ES ORPHEUM. Q i
B B !
I The Johnson=Locke I
| Mercantile Co., 1
B 204 FSONT STREET, g
p SAN FRANCISCO. £8 I
a Will Exchange for Lenox and Ivory ki
n Soap Wrappers ™
n FREE TICKETS TO THE ORPHEUM !
JJ UNDER THE FOLLOWING CON- ■
M DITIONS: B
H If You Want a 23c Reserved Seat SJ
H Send 25 Wrappers of LENOX SOAP E3
XA Or 12 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP 7
n Or else send 15 Wrappers of LENOX 2 i
5 SOAP and 6 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP ""
•S If You Want a 50c Reserved Seat 53
13 Send 50 Wrappers or LENOX SOAP 09
m Or 24 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP «- ;
n Or else send 25 Wrappers of LENOX £■
g SOAP and 12 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP "0
8888888888888888888888
FORTUNES j
IN OIL ■
I The Continental I
I Oil and j
\ Development Co. 1
' This Company was incorporated ■
\ as a close corporation, with only H
\ COOO shares of stock. X
3 The Board of Directors have de- |
I cided to put about 1000 shares of fes
| this stock on the market for de- j
j velopment purposes. Consequently, a
4 a person owning one share of stock m
i will have a big Interest. £
\ The Company owns by United 1
I States patent five 20-acre tracts In I
i what is called "The Oil Basin," I
' Kings County, the richest oil bear- g
• ings in the entire belt. This is one «
3 of the few genuine opportunities Eg
■3 that has been offered as an Oil a
I investment. s
! For further particulars call on or H
• address m
t A. E. RUDELL, Sec, g
i 222 Sansome St., S. F. 5
J WM. COUHTN. Pros. J
- i
4*l*7 Pays for **n
Wsm*%l& All-Wool Men's Suit
y v vt Ladies ' Tai Ql ' m^
I II 7 Made as they should
lEi '^^Stw be made and guaran-
tsl.oo A Wi:tK
Pn.vs for an
AlI-Wool Men's Suit
Ladies' Tai or-mide
Made as they should !
l>e made and suaran-
SM /\\ x¥^ We willingly extend
1 vJti'S credit to all who pre-
&ss[, \ fW*|! fer to pay a little at a j
HI CHICAGO ..
\ TA LORING GO.
I 1816 Market Street
Jr I / Oakland Brnn.-h. 418
W> ''Ss\ Fourteenth st. . ■
>" Open Evenings.
vvwv jr\ry Painless treatment. Per-
BJII LW mane nt cure. Entire time de-
| / |1 B"1 X voted to rectal diseases. Ref-
it ■>■ J erences those cured. No sur-
•——•*■ gery A, J. ATKINS. M.D..
936 Sutter st., San Francises;
hours, 1 to 3 p. m.
"YELLOW JACK"
MAY BE ABOARD
THE ST, ENOCH
Is Now Long Overdue
From Panama.
— • —
The British ship St. Enoch Is now out
112 days from Panama. She is coming
here for orders, but when she. will arrive
off the heads is problematical and the
underwriters are paying 5 per cent to re
insure the risks they have taken on the
vessel. Yellow fever seems to be more
feared in this Instance than storms and a
rock-bound coast. Shipping men are
afraid that the dread scourge has broken
out among the ship's crew and* that she
may be drifting around helpless In Cen
tral American waters.
In July last the British ships St. Enoch
ami Edenballyraore and the QerniUi snip
Coriolanus were all in Panama. Early in
September the Panama steamers brought
the news that yellow jack was prevalent
on the isthmus and that some of the ships
named i.ad lost near.ly.all their crews.
The St. Enoch got away on July 18 and
has only been spoken once since. Then
she was still in the Gulf of Panama and
had made very little progress toward San
Francisco. The Coriolanus lost fifteen of
her crew from yellow jack, but secured
men to take their places, and on August
15 she made a start for Victoria, B. C.
Soon after getting away from the Isthmus
the fever broke out aboard the ship and
when five of the crew died the captain
, decided to put back.
On August 25 the Coriolanus reached
Panama and was placed in quarantine.
On the Edenballymore the fever had
claimed the captain's wife as a victim
and many of the crew had died. When
the City of Panama left Panama the
Edenballymore was still In port. After
being released from quarantine the Corio
lanus made another start for Victoria and
reached there last Monday. When her
story was made public the underwriters
immediately began figuring on the chances
of the St. Enoch, and the probabilities
are that the reinsurance on hor will take
a lump during the next few days.
The British ship Scottish Hills, now at
Calcutta from Port Blakeley, had two nar
row escapes during the voyage. She left
Puget Sound lumber laden on April 23 last
and seven days later encountered a storm
that started a number of the stanchions
and caused the vesel to labor so heavily
that Captain Blackmore, in order to save
his ship, jettisoned the deckload. After
that all went well for a time, and then
a tornado was encountered that blew the
sails out of the bolt ropes and threw the
ship on her beam ends. She sprang a
leak, but luckily it was not a very serious
one, and port was made without any fur
ther mishap.
David Walk, a carpenter, made a des
perate attempt upon his life in the saloon
on the corner of Howard and Main streets
yesterday. With a penknife he cut his
wrists and both sides . of his neck and
stabbed himself twice over the heart. At
the Harbor Hospital Drs. Morrison and
Dorr attended to him and as none of the
wounds are serious he will probably re
cover. Henry Steffens, barkeeper in the
saloon, says that Walk was on the verge
of delirium tremens when he attempted
to kill himself. He thought people wero
chasing him to take his life and armed
himself with a pistol, which Steffens took
away from him. While the barkeeper
was out of the room for a few minutes
Walk started hacking himself and when
Stcffons came back the carpenter was
trying to hammer the knife into his heart
with his right hand, while he held the
blade in position with his left. Walk had
j secured a Job at Livermore and was to
; have left for that place yesterday.
The steamers Curacoa and Flintshire
made port yesterday. The Curacoa came
from Mexican ports and brought up con
| siderable ore and treasure, but vorv few
i passengers. The Flintshire is from Yoko
| naraa in ballast. She is to carry wheat
from here to Europe for G. W. Mr-Near
The Government was negotiating for her
j with the intention of using her as a trans
i port, but as quite a number of vessels are
i due from Manila and . several are now
; nearly ready for troops, the chances nre
I the Flintshire will not be chartered The
big tramp was here about three years ajro
and took a cargo of general merchandise
to London.
The German gunboat Geier went out for
a run around the Farallones yesterday
and came back to her anchorage during
. the afternoon. A new chief has taken
j charge of the. engine-room, and it was to I
; give him a chance to inspect the working
i of the machinery that the trip was made i
Captain Alex Swanson, the pilot, took '
I the Geier to sea and back again. t
The Gelsr's launch has broken down i
and one of Peterson's launches is makinr '
the usual trips between the warship and
the shore.
. There is to be another race on the bay !
tills month. A crew, from the cruiser
Philadelphia has challenged the victorious
second division on the Town and the latter
has lifted the gauntlet. The Philadelphia
crew is the champion of the Pacific squad
ron, but the. lowa boys say they will lower
their colors. . ■ . j
Sues the Railroad.
T.OS ANOHTLEB, Oct. 31. -A. O. Brentner
fileii n suit apnln.st the Southern Paclfc
Railway Company for |>,000 <lama£ps tills
afternoon. Tils wife, Iva Brentner, was
killed by a Southern Pacific train at San
Pedro several months ago while attempt
ing to drive across the track.
It is a pleasure to be shaved and take a re
freshing bath at Valvo'e shaving parlors, f,28
Broadway; private entrance to baths. •
MEN TO WATCH
THE FIGHT IN
THE TRANSVAAL
Four Officers Ordered
to Africa.
The Forty-fourth Infantry has arrived i
from Fort Leavenworth, Kan, Two bat- •
talions came in Monday night and '
marched to the Presidio yesterday morn- ■
Ing. They were the First Battalion, under !
command of Major H. C. Hale, and the
Third Battalion, under Major 11. B. Mc-
Coy. Major McCoy will be well remem
bered here as the colonel of the Colorado
regiment that was mustered out at the
Presidio last September. His appoint
ment as a major In one of the new regi
ments fs in recognition of his efficient ser
vice with the volunteers of his State. The
Forty-fourth Rtgiment is quartered in the
old camp of the Colorado men, just inside
the east gate of the post.
Recent orders from Washington show
that this Government is not letting any
military opportunity slip through its
fingers. By the orders four officers of the
army were detailed to accompany the
British troops in the Transvaal to inspect
the maneuvers and report upon them. The
Government was notified, however, that
four officers were too many, for if that
number came from each power there
would be trouble accommodating them
all, and it was requested that not so
many be sent, co some of the lucky ones
will have to stay at home; which ones
will stay is so far not known. The offi
cers detailed in the order are Colonel
Samuel S. Sunnier, Sixth Cavalry; Major
John P. Story, Seventh Artillery; Cap
tain William W. Gibson, Ordnance De
partment, U. S. A., and Captain Stephen
I'll. Slocum, Eighth Cavalry. The in
fantry is not represented, but it is prob- :
ably because the infantry has just now i
all it can do in the I'hilippines and in
Cuba and Porto Rico.
Captain J. D. Leitch, Twenty-fifth in
fantry, recently ordered to join his com
mand at Fort Houston, Texas, has been
appointed to the examining board to meet
at that post.
An examining board to meet at the Pre
sidio and examine officers for promotion
has been appointed with the following
membership: Lieutenant Colonel Wallace
Randolph, Third Artillery; Lieutenant
Colonel Marion P. Maus, inspector general
of volunteers; Major Robert Gibson, sur- j
geon; Captain Sedgwiek Pratt, Third Ar
tillery; Captain James M. Kennedy, as
sistant surgeon, and First Lieutenant
Rogers F. Garden.-r. Third Artillery, re
corder. The ofiii ors ordered to appear be
fore it are Second Lieutenant Alvln R.
Ileiberg, Sixtli Cavalry; Second Lieuten
ant Ethelbert L. D. Br'eckinridge, Seventh
Infantry; Second Lieutenant Theodore A.
Baldwin. Twenty-fourth Infantry, and
First Lieutenant John H. Wholley,
Twenty-fourth Infantry.
Lieutenant Wholley is just now the
colonel of the First Washington Volun
teers, to be mustered out to-day. But
he has even more luck than being pro
moted to a captaincy in the fegular army
— he has been notilied that he has been
appointed a major in one of the new
regiments to leave soon for the Philip
pines by way of the Suez canal, and as
soon as his regiment has been mustered i
out he will join his new command. It is
probable that he will be examined for his
promotion In the regular service before
he goes Bast. He announced the fact to
the regiment yesterday, and the an
nouncement was received with cheers as
well as regrets that he could not be in at
the reception awaiting the returning
troops.
It has not even yet been settled how
•he Washington men are going home.
They will be mustered out to-day, and if
the old programme be adhered to five
companies will go home by way of the
ocean and the remaining seven by rail.
yesterday a telegram was sent to the
reception committee asking if it could
not secure transportation by rail for the
five amphibious! organizations, bui
answer was received. It will come In
time, however, the men feel assured.
A bell captured by the Washington
regiment and afterward used as a call
bell by Colonel Wholiey has been pre
sented' to Whitman College by those of
the Washington regiment who have grad
uated from that institution. It is suit
ably inscribed with the names of the men
who attended the college and afterward
joined the regiment, and it sneaks well
for the. regiment that nearly twenty
names were on the list. Whitman Col
lege is at Walla Walla. The two cannon
captured ny Company H of the Washing
tons have been given into the custody or
the captors by Colonel Wholley. Prop
erly speaking they belong to the regi
ment, but Company H was alone in their
capture and the colonel yields the spoils
of \\.\r.
Captain Henry C. Fisher, assistant sur
geon, and live of the hospital corps have
boon ordered to take charge of five in
sane men now patients in the general hos
pital and convey them to the Government
Hospital for the Insane at Washing-
Major Morton J. Henry, Thirty-second
Infantry has been ordered' to proceed to
the Philippines by the transport City of
Sydney.
Acting Assistant Surgeon George H.
Richardson has been assigned to tempor
ary duty at the general hospital.
The following letter, in answer to ono
printed in The Call of October 30, has
been received:
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. Oct. 30, 1889.
Editor Call: In your Issue of this morning
nnpenrs a communication from Captain F. W.
Hunt formerly of the First Idaho volunteers.
In which that gentleman takes occasion to Call
me to task for some statement alleged to have
been marie by me respecting the Thirteenth
United States Infantry. I wish to say once
for all that no such statement as that credited
to me was ever made by me at any time, nor
at any place, nor under any circumstances.
Such being the case no comment Is necessary
on my part. The. alleged statement was Riven
birth by a newspaper reporter endowed with a
vivid imagination, and who at the time was
laboring under the hallucination that he was
e'oinir to create a sensation. Respectfully yours,
B B .1 .T. WEIBENBURGER,
• Major First Washington Infantry, U. S. V.
SHE CAME FROM MARTINEZ.
A woman about 40 years of ape, who
gave the name of Mrs. Maud Clark of
Martinez, a school teacher, and said she
was stopping at the Grand Hotel, created
! a sensation in the neighborhood of the
City Hall yesterday afternoon by quar
; reling with E. M. Carlston. a hack driver.
They were taken to police headquarters,
■ where Carlston alleged that the woman
had been driving In his hack all day
! and refused to pay the proper fee. He
was told to leave the woman alone and
she left on that understanding.
Carlston did not keep" his promise, and
when the woman jumped on a Larkin
street car he drove after the car in his
hack and kept shouting at her that ho
wanted his money. She got off the car,
and Detective Dillon and Policeman Pyle
' arrested Carlston and he and the woman
i were again taken to police headquarters.
' She claimed that she bad been robbed of
; $190 and a gold watch, but declined to
i charge the hackman with the robbery,
i and he was booked at the City Prison on
; a charge of disturbing the peace.
I Carlston said that the woman called for
i a hack at the T, in-line Baths yesterday
i morning and he responded. He drove her
all over the city and to the Presidio,
where she met some soldiers and spent a
■ lot of money In buying drink for them.
i She visited a number of saloons during
the day and finished up In Mike Smith's
I saloon on Larkin street, opposite the City
I Hall. Tf she lost her watch and money
i it must have been in some of the saloons,
i ns he knew nothing about it.
Police as Patrol Drivers.
Since the resolution dismissing- * patrol
wagon drivers and substituting members
of the police force in their stead was
parsed by the Board of Supervisors, a
[lumber ..f applications have 'been handed
to the Police Commissioners for the occu
pancy of the vacancies. The positions at
the California-street station have bten
filled by Officers James Connolly and
James McGovern. Both were appointed
on their merits. having been long In the
service and each bearing an enviable
record. The old drivers we« dropped
from the payroll yesterday, and their suc
cessors handled the ribbons for the first
time last night. -
Amateurs Wanted.
For to-nlgrht at Kapp & Street's Tamale
Grotto. Apply to-day to manager. ♦
THE CALLS
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
DESK STUDIES FOR GIRLS.
Copyright, 1899, by Seymour Eaton.
I. NEW WORDS AND HOW TO
USE THEM.
(Concluded.)
Most people fail In expression rather
than in thought. We have too few words
■ which are really our own. It should not
I be a difficult matter to add at least one
j new word a day. The new words se-
I lected for thf>se studies are simply sug
j gestive of what students can do for them
i selves. The list cannot be continued be
yond to-day's lesson. When In your read- |
ing- or conversation you meet a "choice" \
word which you have never owned get I
possession of it and use it as your own
property. Note the following:
Debonair — Pronounced "deb-o-nare,"
with the accent upon the last syllable.
A person who Is courteous, affable, well
bred In manner ami bearing is properly
described as debonair.
I Chef— Pronounced "shef." A male head
cook; applied especially to a French cook.
The chief cook In the larger and more
expensive American hotels Is commonly
called the chef.
Grotesque — Pronounced "grow-tesk." A
thing is grotesque If in form or outline
It is ill-proportioned, fantastic, uncouth.
This word is applied to anything of odd
or extravagant shape or character. A
circus clown is grotesque In his make-up.
Entree— Pronounced "ahng-tray," with
the last syllable accepted. An entree Is
a subordinate dish brought In between
courses or along with or before a prin
cipal dish at dinner. The name is com
monly used on bills of fare to represent
I side dishes.
Repartee — Pronounced "rep-ar-tee,"
with the last syllable accented. A per
son is said to be good at repartee when
ready, witty or apt In reply; when ques
tions or accusations are met by quick,
' sharp rejoinders.
Pique— Pronounced "peek." A feeling
'< of slight or irritation usually caused by
| envy or wounded pride. We may say that I
a person is piqued when his self-love or
vanity is wounded.
Culture— A people are cultured who are
educated and refined, as shown In their
habits, inclinations, purposes, conversa
tion and aspirations. A man of culture
is not only a well-read man, but one
whoso knowledge has broadened and
strengthened his view of life; he Is gen
erous In spirit and large of heart.
Esthetic— Pertaining to the science of
taste or beauty. An esthete loves the
! beautiful or artistic. The name Is some
i times applied In a cynical way to desig
nate pretended artistic taste.
Nee— Pronounced "nay."' The literal
meaning is "born." This word is some
times placed before a married woman's |
maiden name to indicate the family to !
j which she belongs. Mrs. Jones, nee >
j Jackson, would indicate that Mrs. Jones' j
i family name before marriage was Jack- i
son.
Protege — Pronounced "pro-tay-szha,"
with the accent on the first syllable. It
means one who is under the care or pro
tection of another. If Mr. Brown is
wealthy and he aids Miss Smith flnan- |
cially or otherwise in securing an educa- i
tion or a salaried position. Miss Smith i
is said to be a protege of Mr. Brown.
Sedentary — Pronounced "sed-€n-tary," !
with the accent upon the first syllable.
A man whose work confines him" to his
desk or keeps him sitting a great deal is
said to be of sedentary habits.
Fastidious— People are said to be fas
tidious if they are hard to please or easily ;
repelled. The word means nearly the
same as particular or overnice.
Volatile— Pronounced "vol-a-till," -with i
the first syllable accented. This -word
means "evaporating rapidly," and is prop
erly applied to that which is changeable
SHOP AND TRADE STUDIES FOR BOYS.
Copyright. 189», b>
I. ARITHMETIC OF THE WORK- i
SHOP.
I/esson No. 3.
The young mechanic may find it conven
ient to be able to measure triangular sur
faces. In the illustration here given the
triangle BCD (shaped portion) ia one-half
of the rectangular figure ABCD, and the
triangle KGM is one-half the rectangular
figure EFGH. Then, to find the area of a
triangle we multiply the base of the per
pendicular height and take half the pro
duct. In the atfst figure the base is CD
and the perpendicular height DB; in the
second figure the base is GH and the per-
pendicular hettrht is EG or KM or FH
There is a proposition is geometry which
pays that "triangles upon the same
and between the same parallels are
equal.' In the illustration the triangles
ARC and DBO are equal; all triangles
having BC for a base and of the same
perpendicular height are equal. For in-
Btance, the triangle EBC is of the same
area as ABC or DBC. Each triangle is
one-half the area of the rectangle. Note
the following exercises:
1. Find the area In square inches of a
triangle the base of which is 1 foot 6
inches and the perpendicular height 11
inches.
2. A piece of board is the form of a tri
angle, with one angle a square angle. The
sides containing the square angle are 3
feet 8 inches ar.d 2 feet 9 inches. The
board is 4 inches thick. How many board
feet does it contain?
3. An office is of the shape shown in
the figure. BC is IS feet and AD la 15
! feet. Find the value of the inch flooring
i required at !'■_• cents a foot, adding 10 per
i cent (one-tenth) for waste in cutting.
4. Two streets running- east and w-^st
and north and south cross at right angles
at A. A point B is 2 miles due north of A,
and a point C is 4 miles due east of A.
! How many acres in the trianglar piece of
land represented by the figure ABC?
(Note— There are G4O acres in a square
mile).
5. An office building Is of the shape
ABCD. It has a frontage" (BC) of 48 *eot
on one street, and the corner D is 50 feet
or fickle, or easily affected by circum
stances.
Regimes-Pronounced "ray-zheem." The
word regime is used to designate a sys
tem of government or management
throughout Its existence or throughout
the active life of Its head; as, the Glad
stone regime in England.
Versatile— Pronounced "verse-a-teel." A
man who can very easily turn himself
from one kind of work to another is said
to be versatile. Commonly applied to
people who can do a great many things
and do them well.
Suave— Pronounced "swahv." A suave
manner is one which is smooth, pleasant
and gracious, but with an undercurrent of
deceit. The word suave is really synony
mous with courteous or bland, but in its
common usage there is the added meaning
of deception or shallowness.
Cuisine— Pronounced "kwee-zeen." This
name is commonly used to signify the
entire cooking department of a hotel— the
actual food served, the style of cooking,
the cooks, the service and the entire culi
nary department. We say that a partic
ular hotel is chiefly known for Its excel
lent cuisine.
Caustic— A thing: Is caustic which burns
by destroying the tissue of animal sub
stances, hence this word is used to mean
cutting or severely critical; as, a caustic
remark. We say a sour face, sharp words,
bitter complaints, caustic wit, cutting
Irony, biting sarcasm, a stinging taunt,
harsh judgment. The caustic utterance is
meant to burn, but purposely to burn out
the bad.
These are all very common words, and
few If any of them may be new to you.
They will, however, suggest the kind of
word which we advise you to look vp —
words which are common in conversation
and which you know in a general way,
but which you are not sure of.
Let us now look at a few word com
parisons. Take •'custom" and "fashion"
as examples. Custom is authoritative: it
stands in the place of law and regulates
conduct. Fashion is arbitrary and ca
pricious; it decides In matters' of trilling
import. Customs are as unchangea)
fashions are variable. "Necessary" and
"expedient" aro also examples of words
which, though similar, are yet different.
A thing is necessary when "it cannot be
avoided or omitted : the expediency of a
thing is a matter of discretion an<l"calcu
lation. It may be expedient for one per
son to consult another, but it may not be
necessary.
"Character" and "reputation" are words
often confused. A man's character la
what he really is; his reputation is merely
people's opinion of him. Gossip may in
jure a man's reputation, but it cannot af
fect his character. A man may have a
pretty good reputation and yet a' very bad
character.
These comparisons are interesting. Take
the four words, "fanaticism. " "bigotry,"
"Intolerance" and "superstition." They
are all of the same family, and yet they
are very different in their application. A
fanatic Is one who is extravagant and
foolish in his zeal for a particular cause.
A bigot is obstinate and unreasoning in
his attachment to a cause or a creed.
Fanaticism and bigotry include intoler
ance, which is an unwillingness to tol
erate any belief or opinion contrary to
one's own. Superstition is ignorant or
Irrational faith, such as believing in
omens or magic. Bigotry is narrow,
fanaticism is fierce, superstition is Ignor
ant, intolerance is severe.
Look up "insurrection" and "rebellion,"
"justice" and "equity," "option" and
"choice," "counsel" and "admonish."
"shun" and "evade," "usually." "gen
erally" and "ordinarily"; "accurate"
"exact," "precise"; "delusion" and "illu
sion," "zeal" and "enthusiasm." "foreign"
and "alien." "abstain" and "refrain."
"vicinity" and "locality," "defective" and
"deficient." You will find the exercise a
good one.
Seymour Eaton.
from the street at E. Find the value of
the inch flooring necessary for 10 floors at
$30 per 1000 feet.
6. In the decorative woodwork of a
building there are 1000 pieces of wood re
quired, each of the shape of a sq
angle triangle, the square sides being 6
inches by 4 inches. The pieces are to be
1 inch thick. How many feet of lumber
will he required to make them, adding 2i)
per cent (one-fifth) for waste?
7. A piece of wood fa the shape shown
in the figure and is 4 inches thick. How
many board feet does it contain?
8. Find the area in acres of a field in
the form of a triangle one side of which
is 120 rods and the perpendicular distance
from the opposite corner to that side is
80 rods. (Note— There are 160 square rods
9. Find the cost of an inlaid floor 40
feet by 40 feet, as shown in the diagram
The inner square, 8888 and A, is one
quarter the size of the entire floor. A
costs 24 cents a square foot, 8888 costs
18 cents a square foot. CCCC costs 12 cents
a square foot, DDDD costs 10 cents a
square foot.
10. A piece of walnut 3 inches thick was
originally 3 feel by 4 foet. It has one cor
ner cut off as shown in tho figure. AC is
15 inches and BC is 20 Inches. Find the
value of the board at 18 cents a board
foot.
Hints and Answers.
Lesson No. 3— (1) 00 square inches. (2)
20 1-tj board feet. One-half the product of
the two sides will give the area. (3> S6 88
The area Is (18> 15) -2, or 135 square feet
(4) 2560 acres. (5)1720. Th. ABOD
is the same as the area ACED. It is
proved in geometry that parallelograms
upon tho same base (AD) and between the
same parallels (AD and BE) are equal.
(6) 100 board feet. Twelve pieces can be
made out of each board foot Allowing
28 per cent for waste, lumber enough
for 1200 pieces will be needed. (7) 4 1 -6
board feet. There are 320 square inches
In a complete square. Subtract from iH«
20 square inches, tho area 0/ the toner
square. Then take one-half the re
mainder. This will piv. ir,i square inches
Multiply by 4 and we have GOO cubic
inches. There are 144 cubic inches in a
board foot. (8) 30 acres. (9) $212. (10)
$;i 91*4. The area of. the surface U 1571
square Inches.
78
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
SCMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver advanced. No change in Exchange.
1 1 'heat a trifle firmer. Freights quiet and firm.
Barley neglected here, but firm in the country.
Oats, Corn and Rye as previously quoted.
Hay strong at the advance. No change in Feedstuns.
Beans continue quiet, but firmly held. Seeds nominal.
cs and Vegetables about the same.
Butter lower again and weak. Eggs and Cheese unchanged.
Poultry still depressed by heavy receipts. Game steady.
Fresh Fruits quiet and featureless.
Fruits in good demand and firm as a rule.
Provisions in fair request and unchanged.
Hops lower and quiet. Hides and Wool firm.
Meat market unchanged.
( His stand the same.
Sharp advance in Quicksilver.
Bank clearings $120,000,000 ahead of IS9B.
Stocks of Canned Fruits greatly reduced.
Charters,
The Corlolanus loads salmon at Victor for
Liverpool or London; Robert Searles. lumber on
the Sound for Sydney. 455; loaemlte, same
voyage and rate.
Produce Exchange Sales.
Produce Exchange call board pales In October
wen 136,500 tonn wheat and BSOO tons barley,
making total sales thus far this crop year of
479,000 tons .-. heat and 111,600 tons barley.
Bank Clearings.
Local bank clearings in October were $95,
--647,212. against J75. 803.017 in October, IS9B. The
clear;: . thus far this year amount to 6788.296,-
ISX against $6iVT.i';'3,427 for the sajne time in
1898. This enormous gain of $120,000,000 over ISSS
chows the activity of local trade this year.
Dried Fruit in New York.
The N w York Commercial reports a strong
and active market there as follows:
• •Th( Is a iirm active market for all varie
ties of California and foreign dried fruits, with
on advancing tendency noted on about all sorts.
The conditions appear to be Improving, and
highf-r prices on all sorts are looked for. as a I
result or the present situation. Demand In
creases for consumption, and there is some ex
port trade, which helps keep the market stiff
and high.
'•Seme export inquiry has developed in prunes,
but whether there haa been any sales or not
had not been made public. There is more in
quiry fur ten or more carlots and the prospect
Is that considerable saies "will be made in the
near future. Under the influence of this stimu
lus prices are tending upward and are likeiy
to be advanced in the near future.
"California loose Muscatel raisins are not es
pecially active, but there Is a fair trade. i"here
are constant rumors to the effect that prices
will advance shortly, but no authoritative in
formatlon is obtainable regarding the state
ment. The probability is that they will remain
at tho present level longer, though an advance
Is due before supplies are all sold up.
"Foreign ralrlnS are active and selling liber
ally at full quoted prices. Supplies on tne spot
are comparatively small, and Yalencias are en
tirely exhausted. The next arrivals will come
upon a bare market and those who have not
bought to arrive will have difficulty in secur
ing supplies to carry them through.
"Peaches are active and the market rules
etrong. Buyers are picking up everything ob
tainable if the quality is satisfactory, and it
will soon be very difficult to secure stocks of
the best quality. Speculators are securing con
trol of the crop as fast as possible and taking
It out of the market. The result is that it will
i-.ion be virtually impossible to get anything
without paying speculative prices.
"Apricots are virtually sold out, but there is
Borne movement from Jobbers' hands Into con
sumptive channels at full prices."
Weather Report.
H2O Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, October 31—5 p. m.
The following re the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the .me date
last season:
Past This La.*t
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka . :.... u.OO 5.95 3.67
Red Bluff 0.00 3.04 0.89
Sacramonto 0.00 4.41 1.0)
Francisco 0.00 3.92 1.92
Fresno 0.00 2. 0S 1.15
Independence 0.00 0.37 0.31
San Lu;>. Obi.«po 0.00 4.92 0.59
Los Angeles 0.00 1 D 7 O.IS
Sin Diego 0.00 0.42 0.07
Yuma 0.00 O.OS 0.18
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
62; minimum, 12; mean. 57.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the Rocky
Mountain region. An area of high pressure la
moving southward from Manitoba over the Da
kotas. There has been a slight fall during the
past twelve hours along the Pacific Coast. The
temperature has remained nearly stationary
over the. Pacific Coast, except in the Sacramento
Valley, where It has risen. «.
No rain has fallen on the coast.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours tniiir.g midnight, November 1:
For Northern California— Fair Wednesday;
light northerly winds; warmer in the San Joa
quin Valley.
For Southern California— Fair Wednesday
light northerly winds.
For Nevada Wednesday.
For Utah— Fair Wednesday.
For Arizona— Fair Wednesday, except showers
in the mountains.
For San Francisco and Vicinity— Fair Wed
nesday, with increasing cloudiness in the after
noon; fresh westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. M'ADIE,
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 31.— Prices of stocks fell
at the opening to-day and under the weight
of selling for London account. The market
at that center was In a state of semi-demorali
zation on tho news of the loss of a considerable
force of British troops by capture from Lady
emith. The sales for foreign account In New
York ran up to nearly 60.000 shares. The re
sulting loss In prices reached a point or more
In several prominent stocks, notably among
the Southern railroads, which have been recent
favorites for a rise. The experience of yes
terday left no one disposed to buy stocks and
the London offerings were poorly taken. Ac
tive selling of some of the prominent stocks
ad.lfd to the weakness. After the opening de
cllnu, however, s.jnie support was forthcoming,
which Feomed to bo based on the hope of a
relaxation in the money stringency but quo
tations for money at 30 and 25 per cent again
turned prices of stocks downward. The specu
lative liquidation seemed to be concluded about
noon and there was some recuperation during
the latter part of the day. which was en
couraged by strong spots in the list. The iron
and steel stocks became especially prominent
led by Federal Steel. The strength in this
group was attributed to a demand from a large
outstanding short Interest. The rise in Fed
eral Steel reached SVi nd in Steel and Wire
3%. There was nympathetlc advances in Na
tional Steel, Republic Steel, American Tin
Plate, American Smelting and other iron ana
Ftf»el shares running from a fraction to 2};
the latter In National Steel. There was a
good demand for a number of other prominent
specialties, but railroads, especially those in I
the Southern group, retrieved a good part of
their early losses. The Wisconsin Central new
stocks were conspicuous for an advance to
about v above last night's level. The mar
ket closed firm, generally at small net losses
The call money market was very feverish all
day. receding several times, but recovering
violently and suddenly. The last loan was
at 6 per cent, the low level and the rate ranged
above that to 30 per cent, the demand being
apparently urgent and targe. Loans were
called by the banks on an extensive scale. The
demand for time money was good and lenders
demanded 6 per cent on choice collateral. The
extensive calling of loans is attributed to needs
for the first cf -November settlements, and
there is a demand reported also for payment
of subscriptions to some new Industrial com- i
bination*. The rate for sterling exchange de
clined further in response to the Iff money
rate and without regard to the hardening of i
the money market In London. New York ex
change at some Southern points weakened
sharply and the sub-treasury was a creditor
at the clearing-house to-day to the extent of
1126,000.
The tone of the bond market was better
than that of stocks and a number of middle
and low-grade mortgages were In good demand.
Total sales, par value, $1,970,000.
United States bonds were unchanged in the
bid quotations.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Cluing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
6.600 Vtchlaon 22%
26.400 Atchison prefil 6G 1 *
1,200 Baltimore & Ohio 53
ISO Canadian Pacific 93V6
Canada Southern 53
3,225 Chesapeake & Ohio 27
3,50) Chicago Great Western 14%
14,190 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 13."i a
Chicago Ind & Louis 114
Chicago Ind & Louis prefd 43
100 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 96%
250 Chicago & Northwestern 171
4,692 Chicago Rock Island. * Pacific 115
2,600 C C C & St Louis »%
100 Colorado Southern 4 7 ,»
100 Colorado Southern Ist prefd 45%
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16
2in Pelaware & Hudson 122% 1
1,025 Delaware Lackawanna & Western.. 191%
250 Denver & Rio Grande 21% '
350 Denver & @Rio Grande prefd 76%
Erie 13
237 Erie Ist prefd "7\
■i?.' Great Northern prefd 173Vj
Hocking Coal IS "
Hocking Valley 33
€10 Illinois Central 115
100 lowa Central 13%
lowa Central prefd 69%
100 Kansas City Plttsburg & Gulf 7%
Lake Erie & Western IS|^
Lake Erie & Western prefd 80
Lake Shore 198
ISS7O Louisville & Nashville Sfi%
21.454 Manhattan L 110%
3.680 Metropolitan Street Railway 196
400 Mexican Central 13% '
Minn & St Louis 72 ;
Minn & St Louis prefd 94%
IT.mO Missouri Pacific 49
lw) Mobile 8 Ohio 47
200 Missouri Kansas & Texas...' 12 *
1.2u0 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 35%
2,044 New Jersey Central 124%
2,070 New York Centra] 137%
10,550 Norfolk & Western 2fi%
--1,000 Norfolk & Western prefd 1 ■,
8,250 Northern Pacific f,4'.
1,031 Northern Pacific prefd 76'
3,550 Ontario & Western 25%
Oregon Railway & Nay 42
Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 76
2.650 Pennsylvania 132%
600 Reading 21%
7.315 Heading Ist pi >fd 61%
1,000 Reading 2d prefd 3.11,
Rio Grande Western 35
Rio Grande Western prefd si
St Louis & San Fran 11
100 St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd 7 r -..
600 St Louis i- San Fran 2d prefd 36%
410 St Louis Southwestern 13
2,240 St Louis Southwestern prefd 31V4
8,160 St Paul 127
St Paul prefd 171
St Paul & Omaha 120
1.590 Southern Pacific ::■.*.
14,710 Southern Railway 136.
23,710 Southern Railway prefd 5G%
1,500 Texas & Pacific 1994
14.743 Union Pacific . 47:,
4.961 Union Pacific pr»-fd 771 <
400 Wabash 714
2.000 Wabash prefd 22' i
3.425 Wheeling & L E [; i;:.
50") Wheeling & L E prefd SOU
3,365 Wisconsin Central i&%
Express Companies —
Adams 114
American 149
United States 4,
Wells Fargo 130
Miscellaneous —
400 American Cotton Oil , 4.-)'
American Cotton Oil prefd 9;>ii
1,600 American Malting  ]•>,.'
2.40<> American Malting prefd ' 491,4
2,600 American Smelting & Ref 3.,!'
734 American Smelting- & Ref prefd 86'
American Spirits 41,,
American Spirits prefd '. "" 17
2.150 American Steel Hoop ' 43
200 American Steel Hoop prefd ...!!!!! 81%
21.4fi0 American Steel & Wire .. 4vv
1,030 American Steel <fc Wire prefd.!""
2.G65 American Tin Plate " " 941/
200 American Tin Plate prefd »
6.000 American Tobacco ..... ...' .T~122?4
319 American Tobacco prefd' " '"unit
2,100 Anaconda Mining C 0.... "— 44*
57.425 Brooklyn Rapid Transit ..!!!!! 86
2.520 Colorado Fuel a- Iron .... ku
2,405 Continental Tobacco ... --•--•• -tj
2.200 Continental Tobacco prefd! "' """" »v
48.010 Federal Steel .... eq2
5.1C0 Federal Steel prefd ..!!! «o2
General Electric ... io,{*
1.065 Glue Sugar .!!!"!" HVi?
....... Glucose Sugar prefd .... .......... as .
3.010 International Paper . ,1.
600 International Paper prefd"!!!! : 5*
Laclede Gas .. " >-
210 National Biscuit .!!!.";""'" vr '3,
600 National Jiisouit prtfd t-iZ
National I^ad ........ «£
•-6.n0 g^Sfl »3 prefd ■:::::::::::::: :i sa
230 National Steel 1 refd .... 09
,260 New York Air Brake ...!!"!! 141
1.200 North American ... ,-
-400 Pacific Coast h?
....... Pacific Coast Ist prefd .'.! ss
200 Pacific Coast M . prefd ::;::::::::: £?£
6.0 Pacific Mail ..... ™.7
S.fiSO People's Gas ! ,f.&
■■•■■;■ Preyed Steel Car ..'. 57 2
1.050 Pressed Steel Car prefd :::::;: &<?
596 Pullman Palace Car .. b?
120 standard . Rope & Twi '::::::: ■ k
Siisar ... 5*
139 Sugar prefd" . !! " 7 -,
3.200 Term Coal & Iron '..'.'. ni2
12.885 United States Leather ..!! I- * j
S 's;? J{n ted States Leather Pr, d-:::::::: 81%
dOu tnlted States Rubber is
•-in ite(t Slatl ' s prefd" !!!'.""m
277 Western Union L h
1.000 Republic Iron & steel *? a -
--2.400 public Iron & Steel £•#•:::::: ?o|
• * *- X -" CC fit Ls fjn
615,100 Shares Sold.
CLOSING BONDS
US 3s coup 108$ n $ ,\ r ] tr 4 * "■• ■ ;
U S new 4s regions N J ,•, I* :,t
U s new 4s coup.liso n c ar ol na 6s w"
V S old 4 8 re ....lir, X Caro na T* m
I. S old 4s coup...ll2Vi!N Pacific lsts 113
U 8 8* reg UO%N Pacific So c-?i
L S os coup 111% N Pacific <« ino^r
D of Col 3.655.. ..in N W C & 3 lMs'lol^
Alabama class A.. 112 X& W con 4 s 4s - 1 2; Vt
Alabama class 8..110 In & W „,>„ fe""m
Alabama class C..103 0* Nay lsts 'm
Alabama CurrencylOO 'Or Nay 4s \tnu.
Atchison gen 45... 9*% Or Short Lin'o"6s'l'S
Atcison adj 45.... S7-V,Or R Line con B "ilk
Can So 2ds 108 Reading Gen 4s «'*
Ches & Ohio 4%5.. 85 R « W lsts fIT»4
r h l S Sm*??,? —•}%* L& I M cin'isiuo?
C & NW C 7s 14.. SL & S F gen 6s 124U
C i NWSF deb(s.lo«% St Paul Consols 170 "
Chgo Terminal 4s. 97' S < P c & p 1 i" - ttli
d & k a lsts 106 aPC & p 8 ... I'OU
D * RO 4s 89% So Railway li, ' lOStT
i; TennVa&G 15t5.103% Stand R 4 T fis'" S2
Erie Gen 4s 70'^ Term new net 3s'" 94* I
F W & D C lsts.. 79 Tex & Pac lsts..'"lHt.i
Gen Electric 55... .119 Tex & Pac 2ds '55 :
G H & 8 A 6s 110 Union Pacific 4s 104
<; ii & s A 2d5....i09Vi Wabash ists .. "'iir
II & T C 5s 110% Wabash 2ds ... ' 'ioo"'
II & T C con 65.. .110 West Shore 45. .'."113
lowa Central lsts. Wls Cent ists 76%
Kans CP&G Ists.. 72% Va Centuries ..." >,- ■'
La new cons ..106 Va Dererred ' «,"* I
L & N Uni 4s 99% Colo & So 45....".'.! 85
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 22 Ontario .....7 73
Crown Point 10 Ophir ■ 63 '■
Con 1a)& Va 140 Plymouth ] 10
Deadwood ... 70 Quicksilver 150
Gould & Curry 2<i Quicksilver prefd.. 7 00
Hale & NorcroM.. 2G Sierra Nevada ... 40
Homestake 65 00 Standard 2 25
Iron Silver 55 Union Con ... ~ 25
Mexican IS Yellow Jacket .... 15 |
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 1. 1899.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— [West End prefd... .115
Jail loans s<£jsHi\Vestghse Elec 46
Time loans 5% : Wis Central li%
Stocks— Dominion Coal ...48>*
A T & S F 22 pom Coal prefd. ..ll7>
A T & S F prefd.. 66 i Bonds—
American Sugar -..153 tAtchison 4s 98^4
Am Sugar prefd.. Mining Shares-
Bell Telephone ....365 Adventure 6^
Boston A Albany. .23o Allouez Mln C 0... 3 7 j,
Boston Elevated ...107 Atlantic 25 V*
Boston & Maine... 2os Boston & Mont 322
Chi Bur & Q 1339k Butte & 805t0n.... 68
Ed Elec 111 206 Calumet & Hecla..7.
Fitchburg prefd ...120 Centennial 24%
General Electric ..121 Franklin 16%
Gen Elec prefd. ...139 Humboldt 14
Federal Steel 59% Osceola 85
Fed Steel prefd... Parrot 4514
Mexican Central... 13% Quincy 150
Mich Telephone.... Santa Fe Copper.. S%
Old Colony 206 Tamarack 213
Old Dominion 2514 Winona <i%
Rubber 47*4 Wolverines ... . 4' 1: 4
Union Pacific 47% Utah 35
West End 03>4|
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. Sl.— Money on call, firm
at 6@SO per cent; last loan. 6 per cent; ruling
rate, 20 per cent. Prime mercantile paper, 6@
6% per cent. Sterling exchange, easier with
actual business in bankers' bills at $1 Bt>'4@
4 86% for demand and at $4 82%@4 S3 for sixty
days.
Posted rates, $4 84@4 SS. Commercial bills,
*4 82. Silver certificates. sSU(^s9<4c Bar stiver.
68% c. Mexican dollars, 47V«c. Government
bonds, steady. State bonds. inactive. Rail
road bonds, Irregular.
Cash in the Treasury.
"WASHINGTON. Oct. 31.— T0-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able .ash balance, $294,025,920; gold reserve,
$252,252,934.
Shipment of Silver.
NK"vT YORK. Oct. 31.— The steamship St.
Louis sailing for Europe to-morrow will take
out 204,1100 ounces of silver.
London Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. SL— The Commercial Ad
rertlser's London financial cablegram says:
I The markets here were universally flat to-day
«>n the disaster at Ladysmith, which was the
absorbing topic of conversation and debate.
luently business was ni>^!<^,-ted. There
was 11 trltllnjr recovery on the news that the
War r>"partment is sending three extra battal
ions and a mountain battery to replace the
men lost. Consols tell -V
American securities were particularly weak,
opening- flat on free selling by Irindon, Tterlin
and other centers. They also had a trifling
j rally at the close. Tintoe were 46%@47; Ana
' condas, 9^.
No gold was bought or taken for export.
Money was harder for end of month reo,uire
menta. Hills were firmer In tone.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific. 77S>: Union Pacific prefd,
f'7' t ; Northern Pacific prefd, 77\ ; Atchison.
•and Trunk, 7S: Anaconda, 9%.
Har silver, steady; 26S*d per ounce.
Money, 2 per cent.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW York, Oct. 81.— FLOUR— Receipts,
22,270; exports. ZZ,:.''. sales, 10,000. Steady and
fairly active at unchanged prices, except for
low grades, which showed an upward tendency.
WHEAT— 72,750; exports, 122.466;
sales, 923.000 bushels futures; 56,000 spot. Spot'
steady; No. 2 red, 76c f. 0. b. afloat spot; No.
1 Northern Duluth, 79Uc f. ><. .1> afloat to ar
rive; No. - red, 74% c elevator. Options opened
steady at *sc advance on better cables and
early foreign demand, but subsequently sold
off 5-16 c under liquidation in the absence of
outside support and renewed selling by the
room traders for short account. Reports of
English reversals In the Transvaal stimulated
the early market, but were offset later by
claims by elevator 1 pie of large receipts in
the Northwest. Still later the market rallied
on covering In sympathy with the Chicago
market. Closed steady at %c net advance. No.
2 red May. 78%@78%c, closed 7S%c; December,
75^75 16c, closed 75Vic.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES- Firm.
WOOL— Dull.
METALS— metal market was weak and
heavy in most departments again to-day, with
buyers and sellers apart. The foreign news
averaged up a distinct disappointment, while
reports from home producing points told of
unfavorable conditions in many respects. At
the close the Metal Exchange called:
PIG Warrants dull at $17© IS.
LAKE COPPER— DuII at $17 50.
TlN— Barely steady, with $30 v , bid and $31
LEAD— Steady, with $4 CO bid and $4 62Vi
asked.
SPELTER— and lower, with $4 ST bid
and iS asked.
The brokers' price for lead is $4 40, and for
copper $!7'i 17 25.
COFFEE— closed steady, net un
changed to 10 points lower. Sales, 16,600 bags.
Spot coffee— firm: No. 7 invoice, 6%C! No.
7 lobbing, <"-<•. Mild firm; Cordova. 6%®11?4c.
SUGAR— Firm. Fair refining, 3 13-160 bid;
centrifugal, 96 test, 4 5-16 C bid; molasses sugar,
3 9-16 c bill. Refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts. 9522 packages. Firm:
Western creamery. 17®24c; June creamery, 17. 1
23c: factory. 14Vi@16%c.
EGOS— Receipts, 12.229 packages. Steady.
Western ungraded at mark, 14918 c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. Oct. 31.— California dried fruits
firm Evaporated apples— Common. 6<P7c;
prime wire tray. 7%@Bc; choice, 8%®8%c; fan
cy L@9c. Prunes— 3i4«S»4c. Apricots— Royal.
11i@)15c. Peaches— Peeled. 20<Q22c; unpeeled, 7%
', 10c.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Oct. 31.— "Wheat opened firm ami
during the first few minutes advanced mod
erately. Higher cables and a drop In British
consols, due to the English military reverses
at Ladysmlth, made shorts apprehensive for a
time, but as foreigners were reported heavy
sellers at the seaboard this feeling soon dis
appeared and a slight reaction took place on
prof't-taklng. Reports of an important In
crease In the German duty on Wheat en
couraged liquidation, but as the session pro
! gressed the market became extremely dull,
with long pauses between trades. Enough con
i fidence was manifested In 'December "Wheat at
I around 70c, however, to prevent any material
decline until an increase of but 1,190,000 bushels
' In the visible supply was posted where double
that amount hail been expected infused a lit
tle animation Into the trade. Shorts covered
freely in the late trading, under which the
market took a. sudden upturn and -closed strong
within a fraction of the best price of the day.
December opened %c higher at 70>i@70%c, ad
vanced to 7OV4c, declined to 70>/gc and closed
| with buyers at 70% c.
Corn was active but somewhat unsettled.
The market declined under heavy liquidation,
owing to a slack shipping demand and dis
appointing cables. A decrease of 469.000 bushels
in the world's visible, coupled with enormous
clearances, forced shorts to cover near the
end and the early loss was fully regained,
the market closing strong. December closed
at 31% c.
A good cash demand strengthened Oats and
the October option got on even terms with
December, scoring an advance of U@%c. The
other futures merely held their own. • Decem
ber closed at 22% c.
Provisions were dull and Irregular. Packers
sold Lard and Ribs owing to continued heavy
receipts of hogs and lower prices at the yards,
but Pork ruled strong on account of the un
certainty about the proper interpretation to be
put upon the amended rule concerning barreled
Pork. January Pork closed a shade higher,
January Lard 6@7%c lower and January Ribs
2>4<Bsc lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. 2—
December 70% 70 1 -, ' 70% 70154
May 74 74% . 73»i' 74$
Corn No. 2—
October .... 3H< ;
1 December 31 % 31H 31% 31%
May 33 33 32% 32%
Oats No. 2— *
December 22% 22 22%, 2 2T4
; May Kg 24% 24*4 uy.
Mess Pork, per bbl—
December 8 12% 820 810 £15
January 970 875 9 62% 9 72U
Lard, per 100 lbs— *
December 5 17% 5 17% 615 515
■ January 635 635 6 32% 6 32U '
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— /V • " *
December 4 S2iz
January 495 4 97" 495 495
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour
steady; No. 2 Spring Wheat, 6S<7i>72c; No 3
Spring Wheat, 64«"0c: No. 2 Red, 70@71c- No 2 i
Corn, 32Vio: No. 2 Oats, 231?23Vic; No. 2 White
Me; No. 3 White. 25@25%c; No. 2 Rye, r)4U C '
No. 2 Barley, 18044 c; No. 1 Flax Seed, SI 28 :
! Prime Timothy Seed, $2 30; Mess Pork, per nbl"
f8 10^8 15; Lard, per 100 lbs,. ft 20@5 25: Short!
I sides (loose), ?4 75@5 25; Dry Salted Shoulders
(boxed), 6%(35%c: Short Clear Sides (boxed).
t5 35^75 45: Whisky distillers' finished goods,
per. gal, $124; Sugars Cut Loaf, 5.70 c; Granu
lated. B.lSc. .
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 46,000 lfi.Of.o
AVheat, bushels 237.000 46.000
Corn, bushels.. . 495.000 610.000
Oats, bushels ...3f'9,000 347,000
Rye. bushels. .. 12.000 2.000
Barley, bushels. ...'..'.'.'.'. 153.000 43,000
On the Produce Exehnnsre to-day the Butter
market was slow and weak. Creamery, 15@230;
dairy, 14ftl9c. Eggs steady; fresh, 17c. Cheese,
steady; creams, U%012c.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. Mar. ■ May.
Opening 6 1114 6 % 6 Vi
Closing 6 11% 6% 6%
_ PARIS.
Wheat— Oct. Jan-Apr.
Opening 18 00 18 85
Closing '■'/.' 17 75 18 70
Flour-
Opening 24 35 25 00
Closing 23 90 25 10
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. Oct. 31.— Special cable and tel
egraphic dispatches to Bradstreet's Indicate
the following changes in available supplies
lost Saturday:
Wheat, . United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, increase. 2,090,000 bushels. Afloat
for and in Europe, decrease, 900,000 bushels.
Total supply. Increase, 1.190,000 bushels.
■ Corn— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease, 4' ; 000 bushels. •
Oats— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease, 220,000 bushels.
Among the more Important Increases report
ed to Bradstreet's are those of 542.000 bushels
at Chicago private elevators; 450,000 bushels at
I Northwestern Interior elevators; 161,000 bushels
at Sioux Falls; 69,000 bushels at Milwaukee
private elevators: 57.000 bushels at Portland.
Maine, and 50,000 bushels at Minneapolis pri
vate elevators.
California Fruit Sales.
CHICAGO, Oct. Jl.— Porter Bros. Company's
sales of California fruit; Grapes— Tokays, 75c@
$1 75 half-crate; Cornlchons, 80c(gJl 30; Ver
dellas. 75@85c; Muscats. yOc. Two care sold.
NEW YORK, Oct 31.— Porter Bros. Com
pany's sales of California fruit: Pear?- Winter
Nellis. J2 75 box (five-tier); J3 15@3 75 box (four
tieri; Clout Morceau, }2 70 box; Eastern
Beurre, 75c box. Four cars sold.
Chicago Livestock Market.
I CHICAGO, Oct. 31.— CATTLE— There was
a fairly active demand for cattle to-day, and
prices showed no particular change. Good to
fancy grades brought i."> 50©6 75; common to
medium, U 20^5 75; stockers and feeders, J3^
j 4 35; cows, heifers and bulls. J2QS 25; Texas
: steers, J3 50^4 70; calves, $5®7 75.
HOGP— l.il^oral offerings in the face of a
p< <>r demand precipitated a decline of s@loc
tn hogs. Fair to prime lots. {4 17^4@4 32^:
heavy packers, 53 Ss@4 V<: mixed. J4 1004 274;
butchers' J4 15@4 324; light weights. $4 05@
4 30; pigs, J3 Do®4 20.
SHEEP— -Trade in sheep was lively at a
Sharp advance In values. Prime lambs made
a new record by selling at J6 and prime native
yearlings brought $i '■■; common to choice
sheep sold at SC 50®4 50; few goods below $3;
Western rangers, {-I''j4 50, and range lambs,
Si 70®S 40.
I!.- eipts— Cattle, 6000; hogs, 37,000; sheep,
14.000.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or.. Oct. 31.— Clearings, $426,.
969; balances. $101,891.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 31.— The familiar term
"buyers and sellers apert" Is fjuite appropriate
I when applied to the wheat market at the pres
j ent time, for there is very little business trans- j
acted. Sellers are indisposed to accept prices
warranted by the foreign market situation and
t current freight rates, arid buyers have enough
wheat in sight to cover all immediate tonnage !
| en£aeemriits and will not bid above expert
; values, except in special cases. Walla Walla
is weak at 66®67V40J valley, 66@56Vsc; blue
stem,
Cleared — German ship Ferdinand Fischer, for
Queenstown with 90,391 bushels of wheat; Brit
ish bark Lorten. for Durban, South Africa,
with 24,4(Vj barrels of flour, 500 cases salmon
and 250 cases canned fruit.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Oct. 31— No change in wheat. Club,
65& C; bluestem, 574 c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Oct. 31— Consols. 104; silver, 2fi»i:
French rentes. lOOf 42'^e; wheat cargoes off
const, buyers Indifferent operators; oarg.-es on
passage, nominal, unchanged; English coun
try markets, generally cheaper.
LIVERPOOL, Oct. H.— Wheat, steady: wheat
In Paris, weaker; flour In Paris, quiet; French
country markets dull; weather in England
line.
, , rTTON— Uplands. 4s l-32d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot No. 2 red Western winter,
steady, 5s 10i- 2 d: No. 1 Northern Spring, steady.
6a Id. Futures, quiet; December, 5s HHd;
March, fs V!: May, 6s 74d.
CORN Spot American mixed new, quiet, ."!?
6%d; old, quiet, 3s 6>4d- Futures steady; No
vember. 3s 6Vid; December, 3s ~%'l; January,
la :•!.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days — $4 SI
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88
Sterling Cables — 4 89
New York Exchange, sight — 12
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Mexican Dollars 48 48%
Fine Silver, per ounce — 58%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are quiet on the spot,
as there Is only one disengaged ship in port of
a tonnage of 2121. against 30,000 disengaged tons
on the same date last year. The chartered
wheat fleet In port has a tonnage of 55.43."),
against 22.000. The tonnage on the way to this
port has a register of 193,000, against 167,800.
WHEAT— The Cambrian Hills takes for
Cape Town 60,973 ctls. valued at $67,070.
Chicago was higher owing to an advance of
%d In Liverpool and a decline of 7-16 in con
sols owing to British reverses in South Africa.
The shorts tried to break the market, but
failed. Cables continued healthy and the mar
ket had a strong undertone, but trade was slow.
Spot Wheat-Shipping, $1 05@l <$%.; milling.
$1 10@l 12%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
4000 ctls $1 03% ; 20.000. $1 09; May— $1 16%;
4000, $1 16.
Second Session— May— SOW) ctls, $1 16V4.
Regular Morning Session — December
ctls. Jl 03; 10,000. $10874; 32,000, Jl 09%; May—
14.000. $1 16%: 36,000. $1 16%.
Afternoon Session— December— 4ooo ctls, $1 os%;
16,000, $109; May— 2ooo, $116%.
BARLEY— As far as local trade is concerned
the market is lifeless, but a good demand in
the country is reported at unchanged quota
tions.
Feed, SoiiJS7%c; Brewing and shipping grades,
90r§97%c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:l3 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— Seller "99—6000 ctls, 87% c;
4000, S7Uc; 4000, S7%c.
OATS— market Is unchanged, being quiet
1 but held with firmness. White. $1 m«i 30; Red.
$1 07%@l 17%; Gray, $1 07%@l 17%; Black, 97% c
■•If 10.
CORN— The market Is dull and featureless.
Offerings are light. Eastern large Yellow.
$1050107%; White, $1 05@l 07%; mixed. Jl 02®
1 05 per ctl.
RYE— 9sc@sl per ctl. The market continues
very firmly hold.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
California family extras, $3 60@3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 404*3 60: Oregon
and Washington, $3 40@3 50 per barrel for
extra, $3 25@3 40 for bakers, and $2 25@3 for su
perfine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour, $7: Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra Cream Corn Meal, J3 25; Oatmeal. $4 25;
Oat Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $3 25@3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, J4#4 25: Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Farina, $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 0604 45; In sacks, $5 Ss@6 25;
Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 lbs. ■■■••■•• ' - ' : -
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Hay is firm at the advance, and dry Hay con
tinues scarce and In demand. It will be some
time ere the wet and damaged Hay Is cleaned
up.
Feedstuffs are unchanged. ■
BRAN— JI7 '.OS is per ton.
MIDDLINGS— 60 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $18 60@19 per
ton; OH Cake Meal at the mill, |26@27; jobbing,
$27 F.(V?i2S; Cocoanut Cake, $20(ff21; Commeal,
$23 sfiifi24 SO; Cracked Corn, $21@25; Mixed Feed,
$ie d*Sl7; Cottonseed Meal, $2S per ton.
HAY— Wheat, $SW!i 50 for common to good
and $10;??10 50 for choice; Wheat and Oat. $7 50
@10; Oat. $7@o; Barley. }:, , 7 50; Alfalfa, $S@
750 per ton ; Compressed $7 50@9 50 per ton.
STRAW— 2S@3Sc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The halt In Beans continues and the market
Is quiet. Holders are firm, however, and buy
ers have to pay full figures.
Seeds* are as previously quoted and the mar
ket Is quiet.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 50@2 <*; small White, $2 So
62 95; large White. $2 30@2 40; Pinks. $2 ?..vtf
2 45; Reds. $3 50®3 75: Blackeye, $4 50: But
ters. J3; ■ Lima. $4 90#5; Pea., $2 75@3; Red
Kidneys. $2 60W2 70 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, 3®3V4c; yellow
Mustard. 4@4Vsc: Flax, nominal; Canary,
3Vsc per Ib for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2V4@3c; Hemp, 4@4^c;
Timothy 4@4%c.
DRIED PEAS— Miles, $1 35@1 50; Green, *1 73
@1 85 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The situation remains the same, except that
=iii piles of Tomatoes have dwindled to small
proportions. River Potatoes are weak, but Sa
linas nre firm. Onions are unchanged. Sweet
Potatoes are Icwer.
POTATOES— River Reds. 56®65c; Bnrbanks,
per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $I@l 2': Ore
gon Burbanks, 7. r ,cf7sl: Sweet Potatoes, 7oc for
Rivers ami $1 for Merced.
ONIONS— uer etl.
VEGETABLES — Green Pea?. 4c per Ib:
String Beans, 2V&@sc; Lima Beans, . r .@6c:
Cabbage, 50c; Tomatoes, 10!ffi3",c: Egg Plant.
3. : /r.'ioo . Dried Okra. 12% c per Ib; Garlic. 2"i3c;
Green Poppers. 3E@7sc per box; Carrots, 30@40c
per rack; Cucumbers, s<Xij6sc; Marrowfat
Squash, $S@lo per ton; Mushrooms. 10@15c per
]b.
Poultry and Game.
The Poultry market continues demoralized by
the large stocks of Eastern, and low prices are
the order of the day.
Game continues to sell well, though the de
mand Is not as sharp as it has been.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. U'a l.c for Gob
blers and H@lsc for Hens; Young Turkeys, 15$
17c; Geese, per pair, $1 50@] 75; Goslings, Jl 600
I 7".: Ducks, M&4 50 for ..1,1 and M 50®3 50 for
young; Hens, $4@5; Young Roosters, $3@3 60;
old Roosters, J3 50@4; Fryers, $-'.<■ 25; Broilers,
$3@3 25 for large. $2 SOTi3 for small: Pigeons,
$1 25 per dozen for old and $1 50(gl 75 for
GAME— Quail, Jl 50®l 7B; Mallard, Ss©7: Can
vasback, »6®9: Sprig, $2 50@S; Teal. $2 50<f?3 50:
Widgeon, $2@2 50; Small l>u.-k. $-'; Doves, 75c
per d..zen: Han-, $1 50; Rabbits. Jl 75; Gray
G»ese $3 5004; White, Jl 50: Brant, H 50® 2 50;
English Sr.ipe, J2 CO per dozen; Jack Snipe,
$1 -.V,71 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The weakness in Butter continues, and the
disposition Is to sell, even at concessions. Eggs
are quiet, but no lower. Cheese Is firm and in
light supDly.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 27"4'??2!>c; seconds,
26!i]27e.
Dairy-Fancy, 25c; good to choice, 28® 24c;
store, nominal.
Pickled roll. 22*724 c; firkin, 21'522'^c; cream
ery tub, 22Vi&24c.
K;ir -m lT'yl 1 "- for ladle packed and 25c for
Elgin: Oregon ladle, 17@19c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, li'ic; old. 10^4(3
lie; Y-.uns: America, iiM>c; Eastern, 14@16c.
EGOS— Quoted at 25@32tyc for store and
10c per dozen for ranch: Eastern. 28@30c for
selected, 25@27Hc for No. 1 and 20^j2l'%c for
seconds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
There is very Httle new in this market. The
season I? almost over and from now on Oranges
will be the prominent fruit. The scattering
arrivals thus far have brought pood prices.
Table Grapes are dull at the old prices. The
few wet wine Grapes coming In sell fairly
at the familiar Quotation*.
A few extra large ("aye Cod Cranberries are
bringing $8 50 per bbl.
Arrival of 7:'.". boxes of Mexican Limes.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, ".">'■;•""■ per boi for common: 7.'c?jl
for good to choice and Jl 25fil 50 for fancy.
BERRIES — Blackberries. per chest:
Strawberries, per chest for small and
Jl T.'.^n tor large berries; Raspberries, $5@6 50
per chest; Huckleberries, s^l Tc pf-r lb; Wlscon
sin Cranberries, J6 50@7 50 per bbl; Cape Cod
Cranberries, 17 5008 50; Coos Bay Cranberries,
- barrel and J2ff2 25 per box.
Grapes, 20@35c for Black, 25@40c for Muscat,
2r.',/ "on for Tokay, 30@40c for Cornlchon; crates
Bell 10® 16c higher; Wine Grapes, K4@27 p
for jynfandel, (20924 for other black an
22 for White; second crop Zlnfandel, $22023.
Pomegranates, 50078 c per box.
Winter Tear?. SOc'tiJl 50 per box.
Quinces, T.'c'.ifi t't-r box.
CITIU'S FFUlTS— Panama Oranges, J.'WS 50
por 100; Lemons, 75c9t1 80 tor common and $2'<7
3 GO for good to choice; Mexican Limes, $4
California Limes, : Bananas, $1 50@2 50 per
bunch; Pineapples, Jl*i2 r,O per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
Peaches are quieter and rather lower. Apples
are firm and in demand. White Nectarines
have disappeared. Prunes are in fair demand
at the old prices. The other fruits are all firm.
Raisins and Nuts continue strong and In de
mand and there is a good business in Honey
at full prices.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, In sacks, 4»ic for
40-50' s, 4<4c for 50-60' 8, 3%c for 60-70' s. 3%c for
70-80*8, 3c for 80-90" a and 2%c for 90-100' 8 ; Apri
cots, llffTl3c for Royals, 12%@16c for Moor
parks and 12'.714c for Blenheims; Peaches, 5%5j!
6c for Standards, 6%@7c for choice and 7%c for
fancy; peeled Peaches, Il!»jl3c; Evaporated
Apples, 6%@7%c; Sun-dried, 4%<ftsc per lb: Nec
tarines, 8(6 9c per lb for red; Pears. 6'2'SSc for
quarters and StfjlOc for halves; Black Figs. 3&
3%c; White Figs, 4©6; Plums, 6@6%c for pitted
and 1%®2%C for unpitted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— per
lb, 10c: choice, 9c; standard, 8c; prime. 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas —
Fancy, per lb, B%c; choice, 7' 2 c: standard, '" : -.-;
prime, sc; unbleached Sultanas, 6c; Seedless,
50-lb boxes. sc; 2-crown loose Muscatels, ."'Vic;
3-crown, 6^o ; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers.
2-crown, 51 ."0 per box : 3-crown Jl 60. Fancy
Clusters, ?2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 15c; Walnuts, S@9c for
standards, and 9%@10c tor softshell; Almonds,
10%@12%C for paper-shell, 9fi 10c for soft and 4<§>
5c for hard-shell: Peanuts, s%i??6»ic for East
ern, and Be for California; Brazil Nuts. B%@9c;
Filberts, ll'Sll%c; Pecans, 7%@Sc; Cocoanuts,
$4 f>o?is.
HONEY— Comb, ll%c for bright and 10% c for
light amber; water white extracted, 7%@7%c;
light amber extracted, 6%@7c; dark, 5%c per
lb.
BEESWAX— 24(S~26c per lb.
Provisions.
There Is a good average trade for the season
at unchanged quotations.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9c per lb for heavy,
JtU'.jlflc tir light' medium, 11% C for light, 13c for
extra light and 13 l 4c for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 14c: California Hams, 1314 c;
Mesa Beef, ?H per bbl; extra Mess, $12 50:
Family. $11; extra Prime Pork. $1 2 r,o ; extra
dear, $16 50; mess, *tlf>@ls 50; Smoked Beef, 12c
pi>r lb.
LARP— Tierces quoted at C??fivjc per lb for
compound and 7Hc for pure: half -barrels, pure,
Sc: 10-lb tins, S\c: 5-lb tins, 9c.
COTTOLENE— TIerc-s. 7%f<7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
Hops are lower nnd hard to move at the de
cline. Wool continues in fine shape, being very
active and firm. Hides are as strong and active
as at any time of late.
HIDES AND SKlN'S— Culls and brands sell
about 1c under quotations. Heavy .salted
Hteers, U@ll%c; medium, 10% c; light »%c;
Cowh!<U-s. 9V4®loc: Stags. 6%@7%c; Salted Kip.
SUe; Calf. 10c: Dry Hides, sound. 17c; culls and
brands. 13c; Dry Kip and Veal. !5%@16c: Dry
Calf, 17018 c; Slioejiskins. yearlings,
each; short Wool, 35#60c each; medium, 70®90c;
long Wool, 90c®»l I" each: Horse Hides, salt.
J2'<r3 fnr large and (1259160 for small; Colts,
!
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5%@6%c per lb;
No. 2, 4 1 '.f<5c; refined, ; grease. 3'4c
WOOL—
Fall clip— San .Toaquin plains, 7 1^(S9c: South
ern, 7f;10c; Middle County, 10©12% c; Humboldt
and Mcndoctno. 15®16c: Eastern Oregon, I!'M.*.^;
Valley Oregon. isfl!Sc; Northern Mountain,
free, 114913 c; Northern Mountain, defective, 9®
lie per lb.
HOPS-SQlOc per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
The packers are getting all the Hogs they
want «U the quotations, though there Is no
more than enough to go around. There Is no
change In Beef, Mutton and Veal, all being
steady.
BEEF— 7©7%C per lh for Steers and 6' 2 'T;7c
for Cows.
VEAL— 7©lOc p«>r lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7'i<s'Sc; Ewes. 7@7%c
per lb.
LAMB— Spring. 7%©8% C per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, s^4c for small. r, l -jfrfi:,' X c
for medium and 5@5%c for large; atock Hoga
and Feeders, sc; dressed Hogs, T/S'ic
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Hags. 7^7Vic; Woal
Bags, 2S(fi3oc; Fruit Bags, 6c, 6%c and 6%D for
the three grades of white and V^c for
bleached jute.
BALE ROPE— Manila. 14'4ST15c per lb.
COAL— Wellington, $s per ton; New Wel
lington, $8; Southfield Wellington $7 50- Se
|" l |" $ . 6 ; B r>-ant $6; Coos Bay, $5; Waliserid.
$8 Scotch. — ; Cumberland. $9 75 In bulk and
$11 2* In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Eg,;
$13; Cannel. $8 50 per ten; Rock Springs and
Castle Gate. $9 60: Coke, $13 per ton in bulk
and $15 in sacks.
Harrison's circular says: "Since the Mariposa
left the following cargoes of coal have arrived
from Australia, viz.: Westminster, 1500 tons;
Pathan, 2512 tons; Helensburg. 2469 tons; Wil
liam Tlllie. 2910 tons; total. »331 tons. Of the
above four arrivals two are steamers which
have been chartered to the Government for
transports. Any unsold cargo of Colonial coal
would now come to a good market, as the yards
have but little on hand and are offering same
very sparingly. There are reported on the
chartered list from the Colonies for here, twen
ty-four vessels, with about 67,000 tons capacity.
At this time last year there were thirty-three
vessels. 98,000 tons capacity. This appears most
singuar, when the inducements for tonnage to
seel; this port are so much greater now than
in IS9S. The Honolulu demand has been the
principal factor in diverging Colonial freight
from this port and is still continuing to do so,
as they are ottering over five shillings per ton
more for freight on coal than we can afford to
pay. Our local fuel market is about entirely in
the hands of our coast collieries, so that busi
ness with them this year is exceptionally profit
able. They have not marked prices up, BO that
foreign producers have not become as generous
shippers of 'coal as if the local market had es
tablished high figures, which can readily be
done at any time, where so few persona con
trol the entire output of the coast and the
stocks on hand are so extremely small. Now
that outward grain freights have reached a
maximum figure we may assuredly look for an
Increased loading list from Australia."
CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas. Jl'u'i 50; As
paragus, - ■■: Tomatoes. 75c.
CANNED FRUITS— are greatly reduc
ed and some eanners are almost cleaned out.
Cherries. $2 405(3 for black and white; Peaches,
Jl 65(5 1 90; Pears, $1 60@l SO; Apricots, $125®
1 70; Plums, $1 20$ ! 40.
COFFEE Costa Rica— 13%@16c for prime
washed; Il?il2',ic for* good washed; U>6@lsc for
good to prime washed peaberry; 9V4@llc for
good to prime peaberry; 9®l2c for good to
prime; Sfi^c nominal for good current mixed
with black beans: 8@S 7 for fair; 5@7%c for
common to ordinary, Salvador— B@ll%c for good
to prime washed; 7-V'< V V % for fair washed; SVfe'it 1
11'sC for good to prime washed peaberry; 7^4®
S9ic for good to prime semi-washed; 7%<3
SVic-for superior unwashed; 7%c for good green
unwashed; S%<7?9Wc for good to prime unwashed
peaberry: s(ii6%c for common to ordinary.
Nicaragua— l4<Sl6V4c for prime to fancy washed;
B@llc for fair to good washed; 7V4@7%c nominal
for good to superior unwashed; B%@9£c nominal
for good to prime unwashed peaberry. Guate
mala and Mexican 12©15y.;C for prime to fancy
washed; Off lie for good to strictly good washed:
B£}'B%C for fair washed: 7@7%c fdr medium; 49t
6*ic for Inferior to ordinary; lO@ll^C for good
to prime washed peaberry; Bs{@9%c for good
to prime unwashed peaberry; 7%@BVic for good
to superior unwashed.
LEATHER-Sole, heavy, 28@30c per Ib; Sole
Leather, medium. 26@27c; Sqj'e Leather, light.
26027 c; Rough Leather, heavy, 27iS2Sc; Rough
Leather, light, 25f<26c; Harness Leather, heavy,
325 33 c; Harness Leather, medium, 30@32c: Har
ness Leather, light, 29@30c; Collar leather. Is<fi>
16c per foot; Kip. finished, 40@46c per lb- Veal,
finished. 50635 c; Calf, finished," 75c@$l 20; Bides
finished. 16@17e per foot; Belt Knife Splits, lid
16c; Rough Splits, B@loc per lb.
-California Castor Oil, cases. No. i 75c;
pure. $1 10; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled, 58c;
raw, 57c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra win
ter strained, barrels, 5!) c; No. 1, 49c; caws
Be more; china Nut. 65@68c per gallon; pure
Neatsfoot Oil, barrels, Hue; cases 65c; Sperm
pure, 60c: Whale Oil, natural white, 32% c; Pa
cific Rubber Mixed Paints, white and hoi'—
colors, $1 c.-Tji 35 per gallon; wagon colors, $2®
2 25 per gallon.
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE. ETC. — Water
white Coal Oil. In bulk, 13c; Pearl Oil in
cases. 19c; Astral. 19c: Star. 19«; Extra 'star
oil. 23c; Elaine. Me; Eocene, 21c; Deodorized
Gasoline, in bulk, 16c; do, cases, 22c: Benzine
In bulk, laic; do, cases. 21 ! : c; 86 degree Gaso
line. In bulk, 21c; do, cases, 27.- per gallon
CANDLES— light— iis, 16 oz. 20s ":<\c-
Hs. 14 oz, 20s, »V : 6s. 12 ■•?., 20s, 7%c; 6s, 'l 0 oz.
20s, 7c; 12s, 12 oz, 40s, B%c (hotel). Granite
(mining)— 6s. 16 rz, 20s, 10'tc: 6s. 16 oz 40s
lOVjc; 6s, 14 oz. 20s, 9>>>c; 6s. 14 oz 40s ''"«■-■
Es, 12 oz. 20s, B%c; 6s, 10 oz, IDs, 7%c; 12s. 12 oz
40s. 9c (hotel).
Paraffine Wax Candles— ls. 2s, 4s and 6s,
white, lie; Is, 2s. is and 6s. colored, 12c; 12s
white. ll'-c: 12s. colored, 12.Ue
WHITE LEAD — Quoted "at 6%@7%c; Red
Lead and Litharge, 6%@7\4c per lb.
TURPENTINE— cases, 73c; in iron barrels,
6Sc; in wooden barrels, 7Cc.
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels, 54c; raw, barrels,
E2c; cases. Be more.
QUICKSILVER— Higher at $50 per flask for
local use and $45045 50 for export.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash. in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5%c; Pow
dered. n?ic; Candy Granulated, sa; Dry Granu
lated, i%c: Confectioners' a, 4%c; California
A. — : Magnolia A, 4l£c; Extra C, !\e- Golden
C, 4V4c: barrels, l-16c more: half barrels. tfe
more; boxes. %c more; SO-lb bags. '<<■ more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or Ha
equivalent. Dominoes, half barrels. 5%0; boxes,
STsC per lb.
Lumber.
LUMBER — Retail prices are as follows:
Pine, ordinary sizes, $16(!?17; extra sizes,
higher; Redwood, $17@18 for No. 1 and $15@lfi
for So. 2; Lath. 4 feet, $2 20(?i2 30; Tickets. $1S;
Shingles. $1 75 for common and %2 75 for fancy;
Shakes, $11 for split and $12 for sawn; Rustic
$21027.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. OCTOBER 31.
Flour, qr sks 4.210 Sugar, sks 440
Wheat, ctls 3,190 Sugar, J.Ms 427
Barley, ctls 19,820 Wine, gals 63,600
Oats, ctls 3.030 Leather, rolls 229
r, ells 117 Quicksilver, risks l>-4
Cheese, ctls 12 Lime, bl>ls 364
Tallow, ctls 249 Eggs, doz 4 -iin
Beans, sks 6.333 Raisins, bxs 2,271
Potatoes, sks 6,785 Hides, No 802
Onions, sks 1,400 Pelts, bdls 539
Bran, sks 655 Hops, bales 36
Middlings, sks... 245 Hay, tons 820
THE STOCK MARKET.
On the morning session of the Bond Ex
change Oceanic Steamship advanced to $91 and
Alaska Packers' was firm at $119 25. There
were no other changes. Business was fair.
In the afternoon the feeling was generally
firm. -Oceanic sold up to $91 75.
The Standard Consolidated Mining Company
has declared a dividend of 10 cents per share,
payable November 22.
The following local incorporations disbursed
dividends during the past month:
Per share. Amount.
Bank of California $3 CO $90,000
Cat S. Dep & T. Co 150 . 15,000
Bank of British N. A 6 25 125,000
Fireman's Fund Ins. Co 3 00 30,000
Pacific Surety Co 150 3,750
Central Light & Power 05 3,100
Gas Consumer's Ass'n 15 2,025
Mutual Electric 08 3,049
Oakland Gas Co 25 7,500
Pacific Gas Impt. Co 40 12 800
Pacific Lighting Co 35 7,000
S. F. Gas & Electric 42 64,80."!
Stockton Gas & Electric 30 3,600
Contra Costa Water 40 19*,610
Marin County Water 75 4,500
Ban Jose Water 50 241
Spring Valley Water 42 58*800
California-street Cable 50 6 000
Geary-street Railway 50 s*ooo
Oakland, S. L. & H. Ry 20 I*6oo
Market-street Railway 60 111*70'
Sutter-street Hallway 125 85,000
Alaska Packers' Ass'n 75 36*000
Hutchinson Plantation 23 25000
Honokaa 35 35*000
Kilauea 23 10,000
Makawel! 50 17 407
i Onomea 35 17 500
Paauhau 35 35 000 '
California Powder 1 00 15*000
Giant Powder Co , 50 10*000
Pacific Telephone 40 13*200
Sunset Telephone 25. 7 500
Oceanic Steamship 50 12*500
Alaska-Mexican M. Co 10 18*000
AJaska-TTeadwell M. Co 374 75000
Aetna Q. M. Co 15 15*000
Argonaut Mining Co 10 20 000
Boston Quicksilver 10 10 OdO
Champion M. Co 25 R*oOo
1 G. V. Exploration Co 25 7 SOu
! Gwin M. Co • 25 5,000
Momestake M. Co 50 105, ('00
Empire M. Co 50 60,000
Nana Con. Q. M. Co 10 10.000
Napa Con. Q. M. Co., ex 20 20,000
New Tflrla Q. M. Co..- 10 -10.000
New Idria Q. M. Co., ex 20 20,000
Pennsylvania M. Co 20 10,300
Yellow Aster 10 10,000
Total $1,220,987
A summary of the dividends in October com
pares as follows:
IS9S. 1599.
Banks ■. 1165,000 $230,000
Insurance 32,000 33,750
Gas 99,873 93.577
Water .'. 78,741 87,151
Street railway 141.702 U5, 302
Fish 36,000 36,000
Sugar 25,000 139,907
Powder 25,000
Telephone 20.700 20,700
Mining 169,325 393.800
Miscellaneous 15.500 12,500
Total 1783,843 31,220,957
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, Oct. 31—2 p. m.
Bld.Ask. Rid.Ask.
U S Bonds— Mutual El Co. 14 14%
4s quar coup.. — — OGL. & H.... — 49
4s quar reg — — Pac Gas Imp.. 60 Gift
4s quar new... — 131*4 Pac Light Co.. 41
3s qaar coup . — 10S& SF G &_£.... 60& 61
Miscellaneous— San Fran 3 3%
Cal-st Cab 55.117H — Stockton Gas.. 12 —
C C Wat 55... 107% — • Insurance—
Ed L A P 6a. 130 — Flrem's Fund. 22o —
F&CI Ry C 5.115 — ' Bank Stocks—
Geary-st R ss. — 95 i Anelo-Cal fis —
HC & S 5145..107H — Bank of Ca1...407 —
1a A Ry 55....105 M. — ! Cal SD & T.. — —
LAL Co 65.. 99 — First National— 245
Do Btnd 65.. 99 — jLon P & A.... 129 —
Do gtnd 55.. — — I Mer Ex — -lg-
L A & P R 55. 104 — ' Nev Nat 8k...153V4190
Market-st 65.. — 129 Savings Banks —
Do Ist M 65.. 115 — Ger S & L...1700 —
NCN G R 78.112 — Hum S & L..1050 1160
NR of Cal 65.114 — Mut Say 8k... 39 42%
AUCTION- SALEy
AUCTION SALE
fe» ft* Jfes
100 Head of Horses,
Which Must Be Sold Without Reserve,
Comprising
STANDARD BRED TROTTERS.
ROADSTERS. CARRIAGE HORSES,
And many others Suitable for All Kinds of
Work.
The Property of DAN McCARTY.
/\t 1O a m.
TO-MORROW.
THURSDAY Nov. 2, 1899
At Corner FIFTEENTH and VALENCIA STS.
Horses now on premises. Pedigrees fur-
nished at sale. S. WATKINS, Auctioneer.
NR of Cal 55.H3 — IS F Say U...J00 —
NPC R R 6s.ior, 10S Say & L So.. — mv
N P C R R 55.107 108 : Sec Say Bk. - 310
N Cal R R 55. 11 l - Union T Co.. 1400 1440
O G L & H ss. - 110 1 Street Railroads-
Oak Tran 65... 112 113 California ... 121 124
Om CRy C 5...126 — Geary 50 _
P&CI Ry 65.. 107 — Market-.' . 62Vi 6"\i
Pk &O Ry 68.115 — Oak SL& H. — iii *
Powell-st R6s — 122 Presidio . — 30
Sac El G&R5s. — — Powder—
SF&. N P 55.114H — California .. 155 170
SF & S JV55.115V4H6 jE Dynamite "85 93
S Ry of Cal6s.Kisu.llo Giant Con Co.. ..4 041/
SPof A 6s. ...112% — Vigorit 2% i 2%
SP C 65(1905). - — ; Sugar- . '*
S P C 6s(1906).lll — Hana P Co.. 10H 11
S P C 65(1912).115Vi — j Haw C & sCo ;>6? 4 97
SPCIs eg 58.104 - I Honokaa S Co. 33 —
I S P Br 6s 12234123H Hutch S P Co. 2SVi 23
IS V Wat 65. ..114 114-; Kilaui S Co.. 25 30
8 V Wat 45... 104 — iMakawell S Co iS%, 49
S V W45(3dm).101% — |Onomea S Co. 3SS 3914
Stktn Gas 65.. — — Paauhau S Co. 35*, 36
■ Water Stocks — I Miscellaneous
I Contra Costa.. 71 ; ?2 1 4 Al Pack Aspn.ll9'-;U'>\
Marin County. 60 — Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Spring Valley. lol %101% Oceanic S Co.. 9Uj 92
Gas and Electric— Pac A F A.... 1% —
"ent Gas C 0... — - Pac C Bnr C 0.145. 145 —
Cent L & P.. 6 - 7% Par Faint Co.. Si —
Equit G L Co. 5% 5% 1
Morning Session.
Board— '
50 Alaska Packers' Association 119 25
50 Contra Costa Water 72 00
$5000 Contra Costa Water bonds 108 00
50 Hana Plantation Co 10 87%
15 Makaweli Sugar Co 4? 75
$6000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s 113 00
10 Oceanic S S Co 90 so
10 Oceanic S S Co 90 75
25 Oceanic S S Co 91 00
40 Paauhau S P Co 35 2.".
$10,000 8 P of A bonds 112 50
50 Spring Valley Water 10150
$1000 Spring Valley 4s (2d mort) 104 00
Street—
500 Paauhau S P Co 35 25
Afternoon Session.
Board —
35 Alaska Packers' Association 119 SO
150 Equitable Gas 5 75
5 Giant Powder Con 84 374
50 Hana Plantation Co 10 87*4
50 Honokaa Sugar Co 34 75
100 Honokaa Sugar Co. s 90 34 75
1425 Honokaa Sugar Co 35 00
10 Oceanic S S Co 91 00
10 Oceanic S S Co 91 7a
100 Onomea Sugar Co •• 3S 50
275 S F Gas & Electric Co 60 oO
50 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 30 «0 50
50 - F Gas & Electric Co 60 75
30 Spring Valley Water 10150
Street—
400 Honokaa S Co 34 75
$5000 Spring Valley 6s 114 00
i SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
$2000 Contra Costa Water 08 105 25
80 Contra Costa Water 72 00
10 Contra Costa Water ': 12-s
100 Equitable Gas 5 6ZV4
20 Giant Powder Con 84 50
30 Giant Powder Con M 3<VS
50 Hutchinson Sugar Co 29 00
10 Spring Valley Water 101 3. Vi
Afternoon Session.
Board— _»..»,,
30 Contra Costa Water 72 12M
100 Equitable Gas » 62^
2.> Giant Powder Con »4 10
50 Hutchinson Sugar Co 29 00
50 Paauhau Sugar Co 3d 37^j
10 Oceanic S S Co 90 50
10 Oceanic S S Co 90 75
10 Oceanic s s Co 91 00
15 Spring Valley Water 101 37}
100 Vlgorit Powder 2 s «i
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board— . ,
300 Tidal Wave 3 00
200 Northfleld SO
100 Kings County Oil Co 2 00
175 Barker Ranch Oil Co 105
300 Century Oil Co 65
Street—
100 Northfield SO
Afternoon Session.
Board—
250 Tidal Wave 3 00
100 San Joaquin O & D Co 1 00
30 Big Panoche 1 50
10 Big Panoche 160
100 Century Oil Co 60
Street—
200 Big Panoche 165
100 Buckhorn Oil & T Co 4 35
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
1 tenth Home Oil Co at $4950 per share.
300 Pennsylvania Consolidated 1 05
100 San Luis 5 12^4
Street-*
--10 Northfield 80
Afternoon Session.
Board—
1 tenth Home Oil Co at $4950 per share.
200 Pennsylvania Consolidated 103
700 Petroleum Center 25
100 San Luis 850
Street—
1 tenth Home Oil Co at $4950 per share.
150 San Luis 5 50
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Andes 07 1000 Mexican 20
50 Best & Belcher 45 400 Ophir 66
200 Best & Belcher 44 200. Ophir 65
100 Chollar ........ 2."» 1 500 Seg Belcher 06
300 Con Cal & Va..l 50; 300 Sierra Nevada. 45
150 Con Cal & Va..l 55) 100 Sierra Nevada. 44
200 Gould & Curry- 29 100 Union Con 29
800 Hale & N0r.... 30 200 Utah 08
Afternoon Session.
1000 Best & Belcher 45: 300 Mexican ..;.... 19
100 Chollar ........ 25 100 Occidental .... 15
300 -Con Cal & Va..l 50 600 Ophir .......... 60
150 Crown Point... 10 400 Sierra Nevada. 43
300 Gould & Curry. 29 50 Sierra Nevada. 44
250 Hale & N0r.... 31 100 Union Con 29
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Caledonia 50 lnOOphlr 66
200 Caledonia 49 700 Ophir 65
950 Con Cal & Val 52H 200 Savage •.• ..... 16
300 Con Cal & Va..l 55 700 Sierra Nevada. 44
900 Con Cal & Va..l 50 700 Sierra Nevada. 41
200 Crown Point... 11 ! 300 Union Con 29
100 Ophir 6S 200 Union Con £8
100 Ophir 67,
Afternoon Session.
300 Belcher 28 j 200 Gould & Curry. 29
200 Caledonia 50 200 Occidental 13
Ifo Challenge Con. 21 j 600 Ophir 65
200 Con cal & Va..l 50 1 300 Overman 12
100 Con Cal & Val 52V41 200 Sierra Nevada. 43
P CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. October 31—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. : Bid. As.
Alpha — 05 Kentuck — 03
Aita ....02 03 Lady Wash.... — 02
Andes 07 08 Mexican 19 20
Belcher 27 29, Occidental .... 12 14
Best ft Belcner 45 48 Ophir 6.' 66
Bullion 06 08 Overman 12 13
Caledonia 46 47|Potosl 32 33
Chollar 25 26 Savage 15 17
Challenge Con. 20 25 Scorpion 02 —
Confidence 67 — Seg Belcher.... — 03
Con Cal & Va..l 50 155 Sierra Nevada. 43 44
Con Imperial... — 01 Silver Hill — 03
Crown Point... 11 12 Standard 280 —
Exchequer 01 02 St Louis — 06
Gould & Curry. 29 30 Syndicate — 06
Hale & N0r.... 30 32 Union Con 29 30
Julia — 02 Utah 08 09
Justice 03 04 1 Yellow Jacket. 20 21
THE CALL CALENDAR.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Ft rt Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au-— <
thorlty of the Superintendent. W
NOTE— The high and low waters occur ai^
Continued on Page Eleven.EUGENE V, DEBS
TALKS OF PUNS
OF SOCIALISTS
Against Labor-Saving
Devices.
CLAIMS THEY CAUSE ALL WOE
THE LABOR AGITATOR TAKES
BRIUHT VIEW OF FUTURE.
Addresses an Immense Audience
Metropolitan Temple Which
Gives Evidence of Sympa
thizing With Him.
hi (i.-.NE V. DEBS.
Eugene V. Debs, the labor agitator, ad
dressed an audience last evening that
filled every available bit of space In Met
ropolitan Temple. That some were at
tracted there by curiosity there Is no
question, but that the great majority
"were in hearty sympathy with the theo
ries advanced by the speaker was also
amply evidenced.
There is not much that is musical in the
address of Debs. He is not an orator,
and makes no pretense of being one. At
times in his talk he wanders far from his
subject, and at others he places no more
expression in his words than a schoolboy
speaking his first piece. But he has the
happy faculty of appealing to an audience
of workingmen, and that is his stock in
trade.
The train that brought him here yes
terday from Seattle was late, and he did
not reach the Temple until a little after 9
o'clock. He is a tall, young appearing
man, well groomed, and having the ap
pearance.of being well fed. He is any
thing but a living example of the misery
tli.it he pictures as existing among the
working classes.
In opening his address he apologized for
causing the. audience to .wait Tor him,
claiming that the trouble was caused by
a crippled engine on the line of the South
ern Pacific Company.
"If I had had the power of a Federal
Judge.'- he aid, '"I would have issued an
injunction against the connecting train,
restraining it from departing without
ni'-." Debs spoke at length on what he
claimed to be the evil of labor-saving de
vic-is. ikying to them the blame for all
iho r, a i or imaginary troubles of the
ivnrkinpnian.
"In days of old the laborer controlled
the tools with which he worked and he
received the fruits of what he produced,
Then there were no millionaires, no
i ramps, no workingmen in enforced Idle
ness. I have sympathy for the tramp, for
he is a victim of our nefarious latter-day
system; in the creation of which he- took
no part. The tramp is a living rebuke to
our bruited Christian civilization."
Mr. Debs dented that the country is en
joying an orn of prosperity. Hi- claimed
that the wnges of the laborer were never
at so 1"W an ebb as they are at present.
He spoke particularly or the coal miner,
"without whose labor the wheels of In
dustry would cea?o to revolve," whose
wage?, he Bald, averaged but 11 per day.
"Life is a curse for him from the cradle
to the grave. He creates wealth which
he is not permitted to enjoy. While we
• ■ialm to be a Christian people we are not
half civilized.
"The railroads are sain to be extremely
prosperous, yet the man who does the
most work gets the smallest pay. The
section hand receives for his labor on an
average but SI 10 a day. You cannot cross
the continent on a railroad train if the
section hand is not Ing his duty and
on duty. The railroads are operated
purely for private profit. They pay their
president $60,000 yearly and his chief duty
is to see that the section man gfrts no
more than $1 10 a day. These railroads are
\ho greatest irrupting power of modern
times."
Th*» aker impressed on all who sym
pathized with the socialistic movement to
stand true to their colors, and not be led
n-.vay from their party by alluring'prom
ises of politicians. He said that the only
way In which they could accomplish any
thing was by the ballot and that it was a
useless weapon If they used it for parties
in hose principles they did not believe.
He said the future appeared bright and
that the lay was not far distant when the
people would rise up in their might and
claim their own.
CHINA ARRIVES
FROM THE ORIENT
IThf Pacific Mail steamship China passed
Jn shortly after midnight ami anchored In
the stream. She had her usual large list
or passengers and a large consignment of
foreign grinds.
Thr- China later went to Angel Island,
pending an lamination by the quaran
tine officials:
COURT NOTES.
George W. Kelly, as assignee, lias sued
the InglesiUe Coursing Association to re
rover WOO. the amount due on rent for
th" association's grounds at Ingleside.
POSTUM CEREAL.
ON "EASY STREET."
Comfortable Way to Be Rid of the
Coffee Habit.
"It was hard to give up coffee, but I
was one of the poor unfortunates who
had known the horrors of indigestion.
caoaed in part, if not wholly, from the.
r it, so when Dr. Clemens advised
i leave off Coffee and take Postum
,i Pood Coffee in its place I WM
r-ady to do so.
'That was something over three
. ■ afl ago.
•I have been using Poßtum Food Cof-
• r since, and the benefit obtained
has been remarkable. When I drink
POfltum I have no trouble at all with
indigestion. I am glad to send you a
f names of friends whom I know
ould be benefited by leaving off coffee
and using Postum Food Coffee."— Mary
C. Whitney, Dover, Ohio.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
CAUSTIC REPLY TO
DR. DILLE'S TALK
OAKLAND. Oct. 31.— Rev. B. Fay Mills has accepted the call to the First
Unitarian Church. In a letter to Colonel John P. Irish, chairman of the
board of trustees, Mr. Mills saya he is so improved with the "noble
personal of the members of your board and congregation, as well as by
their pre.it cordiality and hopeful enthusiasm," that lie has decided to
preach on Sunday morning from now on until the first of March next year.
Rev B Fay Mills, over his signature, made public a statement to-day in
reply to Rev. Dr. DHle'a remarks of lasi Sunday nipht. when the Methodist
minister severely arraigned his old friend. In this statement Mr. Mills «ays:
"So far as Dr. DiHe Is concerned, I have for him nothing: but the kindest
sentiments. The difference of opinion between us is caused by a different
position and point of view. I have not 'changed front,' but have marched on
In the same direction In which I have been going for years. My attitude is
thr same that it was when I was here seven yean <iko.
"My position la different. It is not strange, then, that Dr. Dille and I see
thr universe as presenting different aspects. Put that is no reason why we
should quarrel. I Cannot see what he tees and he cannot pee what I see.
"Concerning the criticism of m* and my doctrine, Dr. Dllle's 'facts' have
bppn furnished him by some one of whom it mia:ht well be said that 'it is
better not to know 10 many things than to know so many things that are
no , Bl ire any thing but accurate in detail, but I have no idea that
I>r. DiHe would Intentionally make misstatements— and I do not intend to re
fute them, as 1 could easily do. My secretary hns collected several criti
cism! : "u< nicl false, to which I have never made any reply.
"Som< people exist In n somnolent condition. Others are arousing them
. ping welcome one son »f ministry. But I think I can Bay
Richard Wagner, 'I work for those who are awaking.' 1 regard any one
of my present sermons as possessing more inspiration and helpful for those
who have 'earn to hear 1 than the entire fifty which 1 delivered in Oakland
cieven 5 ■ :{y
"But this does not prevent my appreciation of any honest attempt to bene
fit men, and so far as Dr. Dille was acting conscientiously and in what
,! to him tIM spirit of Christ. In his attack on me I sympathize with
■'But you may assure him that my "temper.' of which he speaks, has so
mproved under my larger religious experience that 1 feel nothing but
:' r Mm and for any others who attempt to serve God by making
war on me."
SUES HER RELATIVES
FOR AN ACCOUNTING
OAKLAND. Oct. SI. -Ellen J. Raker has \
that friendship ceases where
business commences. In the Superior
Court late this afternoon she filed a
rather sensational suit against W. R.
Merrill, her uncle, and his wife Martha
for the execution of a new mortgage on
the Merrill residence it 1 this I ily for Judg
ment in the sum of $:'>r>"" and costs.
According to net complaint, Mrs. Raker;
was an orphan residing at Hartford,
Conn., in ISS4, at which time she was
aped 16 years. She was under the control
and protection of a guardian at th<
and her estate amounted to about $1V
About that time her uncle. \Y. R. Merrill,
and his wife invited her to come to Cali
fornia and make her home with them, j
They had promised to treai hef as they |
would their own daughter. They Induced
her to bring with her her little fortune,
and for that purpose had their son.'
George H. Merrill, appointed guardian
over her person and estate. In the spring
; Bhe came to the Merrill hum*-, and
had been stopping there ever since, pay
i ■ r month for that privilege.
The complain! also that I'ncle \
Merrill had represented that her money
could • • and
profit In California: that he would invest
it for her. and that she has sin.
pended upon him for counsel and advice,
she having no knowledge ftf the methods
of business. And now it appears that In
Merrill borrowed 12600 on his home
from J. H. \\< skins, giving a note and
; mortgage. In 1890 Hoskins filed a fore
i closure suit, over which th^ Merrills be
came greatly perturbed, and to !
their financial embarrassment their or
' phan niece advanced them $3500, had the
suit dismissed and had th< mortgage
transferred te her. Recently Mrs. ;
sought independent counsel and advice
GALLANT SOLDIER HERE.
Inspector General Breckinridge of the
Army Arrives on Official
Business.
Registered at the Occidental with his
son and daughter is Brigadier General
Joseph Cabell Breckinridge, inspector
general of the United States army. Gen
eral Breckinridge arrived yesterday even
ing and after registering at the hotel left
almost immediately for the Presidio to
visit some old army friends who are now
stationed there and to look over the Held
of work that is presented to him at the
post. He comes here in pursuance of tils
official duties, which are to see that the
officers and men wearing Uncle Sam's
uniform are doing all in their different
lines of duty that is expected and re
quired of them.
The general is not quite sure how Ion?
he will remain in the city. He will stay
until he has completed the labors that
have brought him to the coast md the
length of time necessary for such an un
dertaking cannot be definitely determined
until he has had an opportunity to see
lust what confronts him.
General Breckinridge was born in Balti
more in 1542. He attended the Center
College and afterward the University of
Virginia, but was prevented from gradu
ating at the lfttter institution by the out
break of the Civil War. In that great
struggle he espoused the cause of the
North and served with distinction as a
volunteer on the staffs of Generals Nelson
and Thomas. At the battle of Mill
Springs Ky., he obtained the reward ot
his gallantry in an appointment to the
regular army and ha since served In
every capacity up to his present position.
During the late war with Spain he paw
fighting as a major general of volunteers
arid at Santiago he had several very nar
row escapes, having one horse shot under
him while leading his troops.
DEATH OF A CAPITALIST
Henry Williams, a Highly Respected
Citizen, Passts Away at His
Residence.
henry Williams, well known in thi? city
as a capitalist. • I home, 1925 Oc
tavia street, at an early hour yesterday
morning, aft. r a short lllne«B. The de-
G was an old resident of this city,
g com,, to California with his hroth
er Thomas In KSO. He was a native of
Wales and was 78 yei d the time
t h j. , m i a( He lea> • a surylvinn him
a widow, Mrs. Theresa A., and two sons,
Harry A. and Philip A. Williams.
Ur Williams accumulated a large ror
wa* through successful stock rations.
Lt laid tli'- foundation of Ins Wealth m
frT «arlv fifties, when he and his brother
Thomas engaged as freighters In Hum
boldi County, in February, 18^, he be
came a member of the San Francisco
Stock Exchange in partnership with
j am , J? Keen< and John Coleman, the firm
which is now known .is Coleman,
Keene ft CO He was afterward associ
ated with the late Coll Deane, under
the firm name of Williams, Keene & Co.
He made a large fortune In this business
and becann : with several prom
banking institutions, acting as pres
ident of the Safe Deposit Bunking »'om
iriii'- until within a few years of his
death He tosi ■ large sum through the
failure of the mercantile firm of Williams,
Brown ft ( '"-' in Vi ' ni ' '■ !lis Bon - Harry a..
was the principal partner, imt be
promptly mad*- good his son's liabilities.
JEALOUS OF HIS WIFE
HE TOOK RAT POISON
MIINCIB, Ind., Oct. 31. -Ray Haleroft,
23 years of age, took a dose of rai poison
to-night. He Imagined his voting wife did
not love him and left a letter confessing
iealou^y of one of his Wife a women
(•Wtes 'They were married a year ago In
Ban Francisco, where she is highly con
n<Halleroft's father is a Baptist minister
in Portland, Or. Since he was married
Halleroft has lost 16000 in the music in
strument business in Findlny, Ohio, and
has been in severe financial straits here.
Killed oy a Street Car.
r.<»s AN<'.KIJ;S. Oet BL— Last evening
; , chinaman named Su Hoo Ling, aged 16
years, wa? struck by a southbound Main-
Street ear at Alain and Twenty-third
Btreeta and Instantly killed. The China
man was employed as assistarH cook in
the family of Thomas R. Bard of Huen
eme wh<i for the past year has been
living at '.'57 West Adams street. The boy
was an American Chinaman and was born
in Santa Barbara.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 1, 1599.
and learned that the mortgage was out
lawed, because the Merrills had refused
to renew the Instrument; and now she
asks the court to compel them to execute
a new mortgage, because she fears they
are already insolvent. She asks also for
judgment for $3600, and that the property
be Bold to liquidate the sume. Incident
ally Mrs. Maker also tiled a lis pendent or,
the property, which is located in West
i laklandi
DEATH OF MRS. E. A. S. PAGE.
A I AMEDA, Oct 31.- Mrs. E. A. S. Page,
a pioneer resident of Alameda. died to
day at 1 o'clock at the residence of
Charles B. Peck, 8067 Central avenue. Bhe
had recently returned from an extended
visit to New York and at the time of her
death was staying with her son, Herbert
A. Page.
Mrs. Pace was one of the best-known
residents of Alameda, having resided here
for nearly a third of a century. About
thirty years ago she came with her hus
band, the late Nathaniel Page, to this
town and located on a large tract of land
at Bay Station ami erected what is known
as the "rage residence." at the corner of
Pacific avenue and Bay street. Mr. Page
died about eighteen years ago, but Mrs.
Page continued to dwell there Until a
few years ago, when she went to New
York,' where her oldest son had estab-
shed himself. She returned here but
recently.
Mrs. Page was A woman of unusual in
tellectuality and was prominent in liter
ary and charitable circles. About five
years aeo she published a book of poems.
Surviving her are two sons— Clifford, a
musical composer of note, now on his way
from uondor and Herbert A., a business
man of San Francisco, though resident
here. Both young men grew to manhood
in Alameda- Mrs. Page was well known
and beloved by a large circle of friends
here, who will be grieved to learn of her
death.
GOMEZ ANSWERS THOSE
WHO CRITICIZE HIM
; Machinations of Enemies Do Not Dis
turb the Veteran's Peace
of nind.
HAVANA. Oct. 31. -General Maximo
v. to-day said that he had a very
large quantity of manuscript treating on
i the warfare in Cuba from IS6B to the date
of the American occupation. This he re
- as his greatest treasure, of Into
he has bee n going carefully through his
papers, collecting all data bearing on the
subject, with a view of writing a history
of the revolution, as be had known it in
, ternally and ext< rnally.
"Now that peace has arrived" he said
"it proves to be exactly what I had ex
pected, with all its sadness and meanness
I do not care what people may say about
me, though many are trying to Injure me
and telling lies about my motive and con
duct. All that is Immaterial It does not
disturb me, for I have known the ins and
of the revolutionary movement bet
ter than any one else, and there is no
use in trying to falsify history. I have
known all who fought in the war I have
known who joined at the last mlnutp In
tn °. -' ■' •' "ho hatched it from a
Ban distance like a spectator at a bull
INTERESTS THE COAST.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Oct. 31.-Paciflc
Coast patents were granted to-day' as fol
lows:
California-James S. Cain, Bodle, and S.
P. Macknight, Bishop, preliminary of
ores or tailings before cynaniding- a S
Cooper, San Francisco, apparatus Tor
raising bituminous sand from wells-
Charles W. Davles, San Francisco, bil
liard cue chalker: L. L. Gross, Petaluma
vacuum tank and water lifter; C I H-ill"
San Francisco, elevator; George B. Heath'
Ban Francisco, coin controlled telephone
call apparatus; William R. Hewttt San
Francisco, lire alarm signal circuit; Erik
Hoglund, Los Angeles, heel shave-
Thomas E. Lister, Los Angeles slim*.
blackening device; John Ohring San
Francisco, door opening and closing de
vice; William J. Smith. San Francisco
apparatus for thawing explosives '
Oregon- William A. Hudelson, Jefferson
brush for bicycle chains. * ? ,""".'
Washington— C. Viekorv. South Bend
lifting jack; W. W. Richardson, Pomeroy
straw stacker. lero ' 1
The postofflce at Monte Rio, Kern
County, will be discontinued after No
vember 15. Mail should be sent to Fair
mount. The postal service- between Man
yel; Cal.. and Searchlight, Nev., will be
discontinued on December I.
Pensions for California: Original— Ran
som Griffin Newville. $G; Christian Frick"
Berkeley, $0. Increase-Charles E Pir-
S^rr'a^r/e'v^To^O 1101 Mi " hae Dean '
ton!" C $S o tfrsio CreaSe ~ JOSlah Thomas Gas-
I I'll , I*) #11".
Washington - Original - Benjamin F
Howard. Tacoma. $.;. Increase-James
Harkness, Olympia, $6 to $12. ■«•«■
« v-
Death of Baron Hylton
LONDON. Oet 31.- Baron Hyit.m mer.d
worth Hylton Jolliffe), formerly of the
Coldstreani Guards, died to-day, v,. w ,s
born June 23, 1829, and was "created a
Baron in 1866.
NATURAL APERIENT WATER Is the best known, the safest, and
the most trustworthy remedy for CONSTIPATION.
It is Invaluable Tot t&e relief of DYSrErsiA. BILIOUSNESS. TORPID LlVElt.and
HF.MOKUHOIDS, in which its efficacy is uniuestionable. It clears the blood of
I ■< <VT and IIUEfMATISM. and it soeures A CLEAR COMPLEXION.
inNVAIn" .T.VNOS nrTrrgripei, and is never followed by unpleasant after-effects.
Mfiy !»' snfi-ly administered in children. Average dose: a wineclassful before
breakfast, elttierpareor diluted, with a similarquantity ol hot oreold water.
ANDREAS SAXLEHNER, proprietor,
Budapest, Hungary.
LADY BULLER'S
VAST FORTUNE
HAS VANISHED
Wakeman Citation Is
Dismissed.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Oct. 31.
Ernest H. Wakeinan, trustee of the es
tate of Lady Mary Leikih Klrkham
Yarde-Buller, appeared before Judge Hall
to-day on a citation issued on petition of
\V. B. Greeni'Uuim, the lady's newly ap
pointed guardian, and requiring Wake
inan to explain what had become of the
$70,000 worth of the lady's property that
he ha* been handling for several years.
The array of legal talent in court In
cluded Attorneys Abbott & Fitzgerald on
behalf ol Greenebaum, H. c Alt-Pike for
Wakenian and T. h. Uarnty lor Lady
Yarde-Buller.
Incidentally Guardian Greenebaum had
Wakeman <-i t<.->! to show cause why he
refused to deliver up ninety-nine shares
of Bank of California stock, worth $25,000,
Which the lady Bays she gave Wakeman
to collect the dividends upon and which
she has never si • □ since.
On the witness stand Mr. Wakeman,
who. by the way, is the lady's cousin,
stated that all the personal property ho
had at present belonging to Lady Yiirde-
Bulier consisted of two boxes containing
Homo minor effect* that were valueless.
These he said he had offered to deliver
to Greenebaum, but the latter had refused
them, and that Greenebaum made no de
mand for gas, water or bank stocks, "in
fact, l told him," testified Wakeman,
•'that J had no stock belonging to the
lady. By a I gacy left by General Kirk
bam OUtsidi of his will I.aily Yarde-Bul
ler claimed a one-third interest in some
stocks, ai d I sold her claim to Mr. Kirk
ham<-Wrighl foi $760 and gave the money
to her. There was also boma Portland
gas stock, which was worthless."
Being pressed on the question of the
OIL DISCOVERED
NEAR ORINDA PARK
BF.RKFI.EY. Oct. 31.— Oil has been discovered near Orinda Park, about
ten milrs from this city, and tne residents of the district are in a fever
of excitement over the prospect of turning their ranches and farm
land? into a region of oil wells. The lucky find is the result 6t an ex
tenflive Bystetn of boring; which has been carried on for some weeks on the
Miner ranch. For Several years the presence of oil has been suspected in the
vicinity, but no systematic effort had been made ta push the search forward.
Wells to the depth of some 300 and 3<*l feet had ben dug, with little encour
agement. ht-weVer, to indicate the existence of the fluid.
The recent discovery in the San Joaquin Valley of oil at the depth of 2000
feel prompted a further investigation of the attempts once abandoned at
Orinda Park. Horing apparatus was secured with the intention of carrying
the excavation down to 2<X>o foot if necessary. Toward the close of last week,
at a depth of 300 feet, the fluid sought for was found in a well on the Miner
ranch.
The Prctoloum is very dark in color. Its presence at such a depth, to
gether with the conditions attending its discovery, encourages the prospec
tor? to believe that it exists in the region in sufficient quantities to be
worked rind put upon the market. On the Miner ranch boring will go on till
the 2(*>o reel mark has been reached. Similar explorations are to be made in
all the land adjoining.
MONSTER COMBINE OF
TELEPHONE COMPANIES
All of the Independent Lines m
the United States to Be
Consolidated.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 31.— The North
American Will nay to-morrow: One of
the greatest financial combinations of the
century is in progress of formation. The
organizers of thfi Continental Telegraph,
telephone and ('able Company, recently
Incorporated In New Jersey, have ob
tained control of all the independent tele
phone companies in the United States and
aim to combine these with the great tele
grapli companies and the five Atlantic
cable companies.
The office or the new concern Is in the
American Runty Company's building.
New Yorli City.
From various sources Information
reached the North American that the
capitalists Interested In the venture in
clude; J. Plefpoht Morgan, George J.
( :. ,m I<l John Jacob Astor, William C.
Whitney, P. A. B. Widener and William
L. Klkins.
Verification of the story was obtained
to-night from .Mr. Widener at his home
in Ogontz. He talked freely of the colos
sal scheme which, he says, will bring
;i!n!iit a sweeping reduction in the cost
of transmitting electrical messages all
over the country. Among other things
he said:
"The plan has been under consideration
fir some time. Martin Mnlotiey. who was
the active agent in the enterprise, and may
be said to have engineered it, has been
in New York for about a year. His ef
forts culminated when he succeeded in
sufficiently interesting several big finan
ciers in New York. Among the number
was John JaCOB Astor. Hfl I? now one of
the prominent mover's in the concern. J.
Pierpont Morgan, whose name has been
mentioned in connection with the con
solidating, is not concerned in any way
with IV
CRUSHED BY A TRAIN.
One Man Killed and Another Fatally
Injured.
RED BLUFF, Oct. 31.— As the result of
a railroad accident which occurred here
shortly after 9 o'clock to-night, one un
known man was instantly killed and his
partner, Charles Staples, is fatally In
jured. Both were stealing a ride on the
westbound freight, which arrived here
about that time.
As the freight reached Cone & Kimball's
warehouse the men' left their positions
under the car and rode on the side to the
Kimyon warehouse. At that place there
is a side track, on which several freight
cars were standing. The men did not
notice" the cars in time, and as there was
not room enough for them to pass they
were knocked off and under the wheels.
The unknown man was cut in two, the
wheels passing over his abdomen. Staples
had both legs cut off above the knee. The
former was taken to the Morgue and the
latter to the hospital, where he recovered
sufficiently to say that he came
from Nevada County, where he had a
family. He did not know anything about
his partner except that his name was
Fred. Both are younp men. Staples gives
his age as 30 years. He will die.
RILED CUPID AND WAS
STABBED WITH A FORK
OAKLAND, Oct. 31.— Fred Rodulett, a young laborer residing in Fruit
vale, has come to a sad realization that it does not pay to interfere in
the matrimonial troubles of a sister or her love affairs. Because he so
interfered he received a stab In the left cheek and another on the top
of his pate from a table-fork, which, he declares, his sister, Mrs. May Ed
wards, viciously manipulated. Moreover, he was arrested on a charge of dis
turbing the peace, preferred against him by his sister, and he was taken to
the County Jail by Deputy Constable Harmon, after his wounds had been
dressed at the Receiving Hospital. And it all came about in a most pe
culiar manner.
Mrs. Edwards is the wife of Robert Edwards, a telegraph operator of San
Francisco. The couple had not been living together in the sweetest hap
piness, and so the wife had recently returned to live with her mother at
Fruitvale. At the unseemly hour of 1 o'clock this morning Fred Rodulett
heard sw r eet murmuring* in the parlor and, suspecting that his sister and
her husband had made up, he stepped into the parlor and turned up the lowly
flickering lamp light. Intending to congratulate them upon the reconciliation.
He was horrified to find his sister sitting in the lap of a man. whose name
he does not know. The stranger hurriedly took his leave. Fred chastised his
sister for her actions, when, he claims, she rushed to the kitchen, procured a
table fork and stabbed him In the cheek and on the head. She then gave
alarm and summoned an officer to arrest the brother for disturbing her peace.
In the tussle with his sister Rodulett's left thumb sustained an abrasion and
his right thumb was sprained, and at 2 o'clock he appeared for repairs at
the hospital in charge of Harmon.
lady giving him bank stock "Wakeman ad
mittfo that she had 191 shares, "of which
she gave me 93 shares for my services
and through her generosity." The bal
ance, he said, he sold. The exact amount
realized he did not remember, but it was
between $12,000 and $14,000. because the
lady wanted to raise some money. He ad
mitted, too, that he had sold the shares
she gave him for about $23.0*10 and said
that though she was ill a great deal of
the time and sometimes not in her right
mind she was in her perfect senses when
she made him a present of the bank
stock. Finally Wakeman declared that
his fee at the time amounted to $IJ>.<Wt.
The money realized on the lady's bank
stock he said he disposed of according to
the orders of the lady herself in different
ways, and even the $5000 lost on a hook at
the races he said was in accordance with
her instructions.
An objection by MePike to the question
of the lady's mental condition at tne time
of the race track Instructions was sus
tained and the citation was dismissed.
There is still a suit pending in San
Francisco by Lady Yarde-Buller against
Wakeman for the recovery of property
she claims he is withholding from her.
MASKED ROBBERS
INVADE A SALOON
OAKLAND, Oct. 31.-Three masked
men, all armed, held up the proprietor,
bartender and another man in the Bay
City saloon shortly before midnight and
made a haul of nearly a hundred dollars.
The robbery was conducted in the reg
ular style. Peter Christensen. the owner,
and A. Boyson, bartender, were balancing
the cash register, when the robbers en
tered. "Throw up your hands," cried one.
and Christensen, thinking It all a joke,
replied that the bluff would not work. A
second command and the exhibition of
three guns persuaded the proprietor to do
as he was ordered. One of the robbers
then pulled the telephone off the wall.
while the other two ordered the victims
to stand facing the wall, which they
quickly uid. Christensen was ordered into
a corner by himself, and while one robber
helped himself to the money in the open
till anrl on the counter another took every
cent that was in Christensen's pocket anil '
the third busied himself pointing hi? gun
first at one and then at another and in
giving orders to his pais. After ordering
the three men not to turn around for sev
eral minutes the robbers hurried off.
"The whole business took less than
three minutes," said Christensen, "and
the fellows had evidently laid their plans
The first thing they did when we had all
held up our hands was too pull down the
telephone. The fellow who seemed to be
boss called the other two off when they
had gone through me and told them not
to bother with McKee and Boyson They
got the drop on us so we did not attempt
to do anything that they would not like
Altogether they got away with over 180."
The Ray City saloon Is situated at Sec
ond and Washington streets, on the water
front, and after dark is a very lonely
locality.
DEATH OF ANOTHER
PIONEER MINING MAN
OAKLAND. Oct. 31.— William Gregory,
one of the best-known residents of Oak
land, tiled at his home. 1384 Franklin
street, to-day. He was a mining man ami
capitalist, and cne of the owners of the
famous Cherokee mine in Butte County.
About nine years ago he erected the
Gregory block on Seventh street, between
Myrtle and Filbert. Deceased was a na
tive of Aberdeen. Scotland, aged S3 years
and leaves a widow, a daughter. ' Miss
Jeanette Gregory, and two stepsons. An
drew and James Beatson. Deceased be
longed to no fraternal orders, and the
funeral will take place from the residence
on Thursday afternoon.
Mrs. Wigg Alleges Desertion.
OAKLAND, Oct. 31. -Susie C. Wigg by
her attorney. H. H. McPike. commenced
suit in the Superior Court this afternoon
for a divorce from George H. Wigg. Sac
alleges desertion.
Counterfeiters Sentenced.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 31.— C. A. Ray
mond and J. H. Ormandy were before the
\ T'nited States District Court for sentence
; to-day. The two men had been found
fullty of counterfeiting at Pismo Beach,
an Luis Obiypo County. Raymond plead
ed guilty and attempted to shield Or
mandy, but the jury found the latter
guilty. Ormandy and Raymond were each
given ten years at San Quentin.
Methever Convicted.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 31.— E. V. Methever
was found guilty of murder in the first
degree by the jury to-day in short order,
and, failing any relief from an appeal to
the Supreme Court, will pay the penally
for the capital crime with his life.
Methever. who is an old man, shot and
killer] Mlsh Dorothy McKee at Long
Beach on the morning of the 25th of last
July. He was enamored of the young girl
and jealousy was the motive for his crime.
W. W. Bowser Dead.
FORT BRAGG, Oct. 31.— W. W. Bow
ser, a well known commercial traveler
employed by the Simonds Saw Company
of San Francisco, died suddenly in this
city to-day. Death Was due to heart dis
ease.
Services at St. Ignatius.
A solemn high mass will be celebrated
to-day at 10 o'clock at St. Ignatius
Church. In the evening there will be
solemn vespers and benediction. Father
Culligan will deliver the sermon. To
morrow, all souls' day, there will be an
extra mass at 9 o'clock with music and
In the evening rosary and benediction.
BURCKHALTER PREPARES
TO SHOOT THE SUN
OAKLAND, Oct. H.— Astronomer
Charles Bur ckh alter of the Chabot Ob
servatory is now preparing the apparatus
which he will take with him to Georgia
to view the total eclipse of the sun on
May 28.
John Dolbeer of San Francisco, an en
thusiastic member of the Astronomical
Society, has offered to defray all the ex
penses of the expedition, and Professor
Burckhalter has been granted a leave of
absence by the Board of Education.
It is" the purpose of the professor to
take ten photographs of the sun's co
rona, during the eighty-six seconds that
the sun will be totally eclipsed. The pro
fessor has Invented some very delicate
mechanism to aid in taking the photo
graphs. I
►•♦-• — I
Fatally Struck by a Train.
OAKLAND, Oct. 31.-M. E. Gallagher,
a locomotive fireman, was found on the
track 'iear Ran Pablo this morning
seriously injured, having been struck by
a train. At the Receiving Hospital it \va3
found that he has a severe fracture of the
skull, and there is Httle hope of his ulti
mate recovery. No one knows how he
came by his iniuries.
Even after marriage a fireman loves to
talk of his own flames.
ADVERTISEMS2TTS.
SENT FREE TO MEN
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured BO many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
is a home treatment and all men who
puffer with any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where it is needsd.
It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the nat-
ural functions and has been an absolute
success in all cases. A request to the
State Medical Institute, 328 Elektron
building. Ft. Wayne. Ind.. stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with promptly. The
Institute is desirous of reaching that
great class of men who are unable to
leave home to be treated, and the free
sample will enable them to see how easy
it Is to be cured of sexual weakness when
the proper remedies are employed. The
Institute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed in a plain package, so
that its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to write wtihout delay.
••-©-♦•©■♦■©♦©■♦■O-»-O-»-O-»-O-«-O-»-O-»-O-»-O-«> I
T ' i
I WinTllllllrl;
i, O
♦ m Natural Mineral Water ♦ j
4 AhU known for centuries and «
O i^^L Imported q
♦ ,/^S% ONLY IN BOTTLES. ♦
o M £zSML Or sor^- Stomach ♦
° 'wjBBSgP ani Indigestion °
O SKSSS^SIts value has bseri testi- O
0 rsS£*-ra§3 fi " d t0 fe y thousands. T |
T VICHY I So-called Vichy in Sy- ?
" ""•"^iwßiT* 1 " phons ?
T Kl^^S IS NOT VICHY. ?
v |f^™£j§; Get the Genuine. i
9 SSjiffitiiM^HßH Your iihystolan O
4 A. VlSNlSK.DistribntingAgent j
-♦ O-«-o>O-*O*-O*-O •♦- O-*-O-»-O -*o-*-o-*-o-^
MUNYON'S GUARANTEE.
Strong Awirilonn 11 a to Jn*t What
the Remedies Will Do.
j-fpt&r&fa Munyon guarantee*
sS*ttiN»uUfc£w that his Rheumatism
i^***4 ;i r<K ; Cure wlll rllro nearly
/^M«^2|KffK» all cases of rbeuma-
tlsm In a few hours; |
W&l* 'Km that hls lIVS p P«Ia Cure
But aStHH ' wi " cure Indigestion and |
«*/ a m tf^ l i£jiBSj all stomach troubles; I
IV *w*TW&lttKr that his Kidney Cure
1 *S^ w9RV' w '^ cure 'JO per Cfnt.
t S*&a&w* *' a " cases <if kidney
v > <T j£<H trouble; that his Ca-
JL.^an tarrh Cure will cure
ifl^T|fr.iSnirj. catarrh no matter how I
t<SvijlHwZlfci*^^Sk. long standing; that Ills
TIiMf^KHIJHWKxHF Headache Cure will cure
>^j "»»««■ CSy any kind of headache In
\ If a few minute*;, that
• his Cold ■ Cure will
quickly break op any
form of cold and so on through the entire list of
remedies. At all druggists, 25 cents a rial.
If you need medical advice write Prof, Munyon !
1606 Arch St.. Pblla. It Is absolutely free.
1 visit OR JORDAN'S great 4
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
1 Ck US UASSST ST. lev 6tc47ti, S.F.C:L A
tjT^ The Largest Anatomical Muteum in the \
I «<A?«l World - s Weaknesses or Jny contracted Q
' JJSSq disease p<-sHiw«-I,T«nrcdi.y the oirie-;t T
9 ]££ I Specialist en the Coast Est. 36 year;. (} j
i fiSfifl D 3. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES *
1 f Co,isulmticn ft^e and ?tri'tly private. \
V A jS^t fl T " " mtnl personally rr l>y letter. A M
Si Afnl /"(W-riM Cure in every case undertaken. \
B r // lot Write for ' ok .p"ii.osoPHir«fi
*• II 11 1 ! ■AnniACC, mailed FRUU. 'A "
A (S M "luable book for airnj ' \
7 OK JO aII A. V * CO., 1051 Market St., S. F. W \
OA&^&Si- ELECTRIC BELTS,
aS^\'^('\ 'v^^'PSK *- " Largest raanu-
JiSwL *N ' N //\raafacturers in the Uni-
ted States. No Quacks
7*^M.wsKi^Jß?J«r connected with this
VP3^^Mp^ B *^SfT" establishment.
W^fc- '* » C?" For particulars I
-*Tt*^~ ■ call or send 2c in
' TV 1 " '■••'stamps for "Booklet !
No. 2." Address -
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market St..
Opposite Palace Hotel. S. F. '
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Hailed
on Application.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
142 to 160 Geary Street. Above Powell.
PERIODICALS. BOOKS AND STAfIOXERT.
COAL. COKR AND Pld IRON.
j- c wilson & co., MO Battery -Street
J- V- TTILOVn tt WV«, Teiephone Main 1884
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. BI.TTH. Mgr.
Cf SMITH Bhi P Plumbing, Steamboat
V' IT- JltJllll. an( Ship Work a Specialty, It
and 18 Washington St. Telephone Main 5841.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lAS RflYFSfcfft Shipping Butcher*. 104
JA3- DUICja VU-> clay. Tel. Main 1194
FURS.
J. 11. L.UrjIAV, , ty |»,, i ow .jt p ,, cei| ,« mO d»linf
IR^N FOUNDERS.
WESTERN FOUNDRY, r p°. n . & £2%
ft. Cat- ngs of Every Description Mads to
Order. Tel. Black 1506.
PAPER DEALERS.
WIT I AMFTTF pu lp and PAPER CO.
nILLAiTICIIC 722 Montgomery street
PRINTIN3.
EC HUGHES, H1 PRINTER, 
• V- lIUUIICJ, Ml Sansome st.. S. F.
STATIONED AND PRINTER.
*•&£"* PARTRIDGE 806 Callfornl*
Codes l AK I KIUUC street.
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL. S?«*lL*g
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO., rl Its GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES. .» the Best Coal in lh#
Market. Office and Tard» — 1»0 Main «tr*«t.
IWILLQIVE $1000
If I fail to core ««y
J&Sm!B3ago^ \CANCERt'» mori
rm2& treat before it scat-
i yiptnr ™ v fl|yj[' y fence, iooo cancers
\ l! *^,"^ " A now in m 3' offices in
\ //I alcohol. Lady attend-
,/*'/$ JL ant. Any hard
i«tJHk"'^"~~iM ' Jh_ lump anywhere
; H^^^i^BAny lump In a
Woman's Breast is Cancer
If large always poisons the glands in armpit,
when cure is almost impossible.
BOOK SENT FREE . , m
With symptoms addresses and testimonials of
thousands cured in California. Write them.
S. R. CHAMLEY, M. D., 25 Third St., S. F.
j SEND THIS to some on« WITH CANCER.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
• fj^^ Steamers leave Broadway
'HPHl.i_ wharf. San Francisco:
VvSVw'VV For AlaFkan ports, 10 a.
1 fcBSSK^SPJai m., Nov. 2, 7, 12, 17. 22. 27
KH«hI ' p ''- 2, man at Seattle.
8 BBaaW Sal For Victoria, Vancouver
i HBKr««^MLI (n. C). Port Townsend, ?•■
ilr^^^Cß |Bd attle, Tacoma, Everett, An-
acortes and New Whatcom
(Wash.), 10 a. m.. Nov. 2. 7,
12. 17. 22. 27: Dec. 2. and
every fifth day thereafter; change at Seattle
to this company's steamers for Alaska and
O. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Van-
couver to c. P. Ry.
For Eureka (HUmboldt Bay), 2 p. m., Nov.
| 5. 10, 15, 20. 25, 30; Dec. 5, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispr>>.
Gavlota, Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme,
Kan Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Antrelcs) and
Newport, S a. m., Nov. 4, 8. 12. 18. 20, 24, 28;
Dec. 2, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
: ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
j m., Nov. 2. 6. 10. 14. 1?. 22. 26, 30; Dec. 4, and
| every fourth day thereafter.
! For Ensenada, Maetdalena Bay, San Jose del
! Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
! month.
For further Information obtain company's
! folder.
The company reserves the rlsht to change
without previous notice, steamers, sailing dates
ar»i hours of satllnir.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palac? Hotel).
GOODALL, PF.RKIXS * CO.. Gen. Apts.
10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE I. Ft. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From a r- street Wharf at 10 a. ft
PA DC •* ill2 rsr « t Class Including Berth
iMlli. $8 Second Class And Meals.
COLUMBIA Oct. 20, SO; Nov. 9. It. 29.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA .-
Oct. 25; Nov. 4. 14, *4-
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW TOOK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PARTI
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul ;......N6v. OlSt. Louis Dec. IS
St. Loui3 Nov. 22 Pt. Paul Dec. 27
St. Paul Dec. 6 New York Jan. S
RED STAR LINE,
New York on-l Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Frlr^land Nov. «! Ken?lnßton Nov. 29
Southwark Nov. IT. Nnordland Dec. f?
:-A>jnii ...Nov. 22 , Friesland Dec. 13
EMPIRE LINE.
SenrtJe. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding, freight and
papsajre apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St., or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISJBN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Prannan streets, 1 p. m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, an.l
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. - -
HONOKOICO-MARU Wednesday. Nor. I
NIPPONf-MARTT .....Saturday, Nov. »5
AMERICA-MARU Thursday. Dec. 2t
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply nt company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Aeent.
COMPAGNIf GKNEHAtE TKANBATLANTIQTTB
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. j^r^^.
Palling every Thursday Instead of
Saturday, from November 2. 1899. at - ■*
10 a. m. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton it. LA OASCOGNE. Oct. 21: LA
BRET A CNF, Oct 28: LA TOURAINE. Nov.
*; LA CHAMPAGNE. Nov. 9: LA NORMAN-
DIE. Nov. 18: LA GASCOONE. Nov. »: LA
TOURAINE. Nov. M; LA BRETAGNE. Dec. 7.
First-class to Havre. f«0 and upward: % per
rent reduction on round trtr> Second-class t9
Havre. $45: 8 per cent reduction on round trio
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 3? Broadway 'Hudson build-
ing). New York. J. F. FTOAZT & CO., Pa-
cific Coast Agent*. I Montgomery ava.. Baa
Francisco.
fRIVIRIniI Wednesday. Nov. {.
Jlif ?ll&r vla Honolulu and
srninv Auckland for Sydney
M^ , Wednesday. Nov. 1.
■c^T^ «t 10 p. m.
Q)JCflll!J!lly The-S. s. Austral!*
CylWHlWllll/ rails for Honolula
(rtn&WU* Wednesday. Nov. 15.
at 2 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia. India. Sues.
England, etc.; $610 first-class.
>. U. 6r<\c.Ci\eL& a. J..00. CO.. «gts.. 114 Montgomen
Pier 7 c oot Pacific St. P.-cieM fitflnq.327 MarVeJ St
BAY AND RIVEK ST£AMEIiS.
FOR ..U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello." '
MON Tues., V/ed.. Thur6. and Sat. at 9:«
a. m., 3:16, 8:80 p. m. (ex. Tbura. night), *>!*
days, 1 r m and 8:80; Sundays, 10:30 a, m., I
p. m. Landing and office, Mlsalon-«tr»»t Dock.
Pier No. i. Telephone Main 1308.
iTA»m . m^ M . MUM ,,, | , |lM)M|||MM|t)uu fid*
910
SAN FRAN CISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Coll, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night !n the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SOO Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 J-irkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
i:6l Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
ICjf Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
1036 Valencia ctreet; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. •
M — The officers and members of the^y^,
above-named lodge are hereby notified T^/f
to attend the funeral of our late I>r
brother, JOHN MACE HASKELL. in King
Solomon's Hall. Masonic Temple. THIS DAY
(WEDNESDAY), Nov. 1. at 2 o'clock p. m.
Master Masons and friends of the deceased
are invited. By order of the Master.
FRAN KLIN H. DAY. Secretary-
MOUNT MORI AH Lodge No. 44. F. *
and A. M.— Stated meeting THIS- f\~
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, at 7:30^2?
o'clock. THEO. FROLICH. Sea <^r \
CROCK ETT Lodge No. 139. F. and A. •
M.— Stated meeting and 3d D. THIS^*
WEDNESDAY) EVENING, Nov. 1. Nt >O\
7:30 o'clock. By order of the W. yi.r^r^ |
, H. FORTRIEDE. Sec.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. and A. ■
M.— Stated meeting THIS (WEDNES- _iV_
DAY) EVENING, Nov. 1. at 7:30 jK/T
o'clock. LEO. E. SMITH. Sec. /V >
PIONEERS — The mem- w«___iK(3Br^.
I its of the >■■•'■■;! of
California Pioneers are i^KXEl— ____Kw2_
requested to attend the a fl__! hZ Mr
funeral oi our late i_M_f^_P__l
member. JOHN M >__^J__-_F ■»
HASKELL. from the
Masonic Temple on WEDNESDAY. Nor. 1,
at 2 p. m. Funeral delegation take notice.
JOHN F. PINKHAM. Marshal.
THE regular mating of the San Fran- fi|
Cisco Bricklayers' Association will be II
held THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN- ./?_,
ING. Nov 1. 1899 at B. B. Hall. 121 4r^Aj
Ed.ly St.. at S o'clock. A full attend- O^L
ance requested. Business of import- 111 I
ance. • E. J. BRANDON, Pres. m
AUSTRIAN Benevolent Society will a
meet THIS EVENING at 7:30 ijSJKa
o'clock sharp. J8; ! l_4?
J. L. RADOVICH. President. pegST
F. ROUX. Secretary pro tern. 'w s ' I
RIGGERS' and Stevedores' Union Association
—Funeral detail from James Gorman to Wil-
liam Johnson will assemble at their hall
THURSDAY MORNING. 9:30 o'clock, to at- ;
tend the funeral of our late brother. JOHN
SIMPSON. Fines for non-attendance will be '
strictly Inforced. By order. .-'. -• ■
THOMAS BENSON. President. |
ALEX. CAMPBELL, Rep. Spc.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. KINO, sixth floor Chron-
icle building: no advance charges; all cases;
estates, mortgages, damages, collections, !
bankruptcy, wills, etc., drawn; moderate ■
fees; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. S5O Market, cor. Stocktn.
L S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels building. 927
Mr.rket; consultation free: no fees In advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
ACCOUNTANTS.
6. K. BALLARD. 401 Cal st, designs, audits ft
adjusts accounts 'or corporations i- firm*: ref.
Bit VCI.K RJEPAIRS-
THOS. H. B. VARNEY. Market and TenUi.
RAMBLER AND IDEAL BICYCLES.
REPAIRING A SPECIALTY.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
EDDY. 123— United States Hotel; rooms $1 50
we»k up. with board $5 50; suit for two with
board. 512: board. $4 week; meals, 25c; ele-
vator runs all night.
A NEW family hotel, 807 California St.. occu-
pying corner opposite Grace Church.
•'BELGRAVIA," Polk and Clay— Sunny suites;
best board; for 2. $45 up; single, $20.
HILL 12'«— Two nicely furnished sunny front
rooms, with board; private.
O'FARRELL. 742 — Large sunny front rooms;
good home cooking; also single rooms, $20 up.
PINE, 1222 — Handsome family hotel; sunny
rooms: suite or single: refs. Miss Hutchinson.
BOARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
ROOM and board by young lady In private fam-
ily; between Clay and Pine, east of Hyde;
state terms. Box 906, Call office.
PRIVATE family; by working man: IS min-
utes' walk from Call: reasonable. A. S., 118
Devlsadero st.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
WANTED— Baby for adoption by charitable,
lonely lady from Seattle; would care for
mother In confinement Address, In confi-
dence, box 2978. Call office.
WANTED— A child to board: pay not so much
an object as company. 2719 Bush st.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Book Co.. 704 Mission Rt. near Third.
BOOTS AM) BHOKB.
LADlES^Testing top lace shoes, special.... sl 65
Children's shoes, all styles, 8% to 11V» — 75
Men's shoes.' $1 up; send for price list. Peo-
ple's Shoe Store. 1303 Stockton, nr. Broadway.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
BRANCH bakery and stationery" Western
Addition, close to schoolhouse; furniture of
living rooms included; sickness of owner cause
of sale; bargain. R. G. WILKE, 906 Market.
A— sSoo— SALOON, with clubrooms, 1 block from
corner Market and Powell sts.; rent $40;
splendid paying business; a bargain. R. _.
WILKE. 906 Market st. ■
A— s2so; BRANCH bakery and stationery store;
on Union St.; living room; cheap rent; good
business. Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
DAY saloon, established years; dally rec-lpts
about $60: a long lease; only first-class cus-
tom; a chance of a lifetime; investigate at
once. R. G. WILKE, 906 Market St.
$1100— SALOON: estab. 30 yrs.; Grant aye., nr.
Putter; splendidly paying; large place to open
dancehall. Call R. G. WILKE, 906 Market.
$750— PARTNER In entirely novel enterprise:
already achieved grand success in city; will
prove simply a mint as regards future; whole
investment go toward enlargement of scope of
concern; ref. best people of State; applicant
must have gen. bus. ability. M. Lees, 765 Mkt.
jl(K)O— COFFEE, tea and crockery store; best lo-
cation in the city; cash or will trade for lot
of equal value. M. LESS, 765 Market st
SALOON: centrally located: rooms; cause of
rale, death. COWING & CO., 935 Market st.
CIGAR store; near corner Market; cause, sick-
ness; bargain. CAVING & CO., 995 Market.
BRANCH bakery, notions, candy: bargain this
day; $200. COWING & CO., 995 Market st.
THE best-paying business In the State for one-
third its value. COWING A. CO., 995 Market
$250 — SALOON: bargain: going East cause of
sale. MCLAUGHLIN _ CO., 777 Mi Market st.
JI.'iO— PARTNER wanted; light Indoor business.
Mclaughlin &. co.. 77T>, Market st.
$150 BUYS good-paying branch bakery; $900
buys nice corner grocery; list of business
propositions, bought, sold and exchanged:
loans negotiated. EITEL, 1 008 ' i Market st.
WELL-PAYING dairy busmfS*; centrally lo-
cated; at a baragain; must be sold within 10
days Box 2824 Call office.
PRIVATE house; 15 rooms; 20 regular boarders;
north at Market. Box 247, Call office.
j3f^)_ELEGANTLY furnished restaurant, 518
Jones St.; must bo sold. Apply 743 Mission.
GENTLEMAN returning to Manila in about
ten days would like to meet business
man with capital, with object in view of en-
gaging In business In Manila; references.
Call 64-66 Merchants' Exchange building.
jo; 00 One of the best located drug 6tores In
the city, clearing ?;-00 per month; selling on
account of ether business. Address L. 8.,
box S4i. Call office.
CASH grocer. business In Stockton; stock at
market rates; about $2500 capital required. Ad-
dress box 573. Call.
BLACKSMITH shop; 3 forges; business well
established and favorably known. 1008 Frank-
lln St.. Oakland.
TO sell your business quick see SCHOTTLER
& CO., 632 Market st.
FOR sale cheap, on account of other business —
Good paying laundry route. Box 721. Call.
CHICKEN ranch for sale. Apply to O. J.
WILLIAMS. San Rafael.
CANDY stationery, notions and cigars. 3255
Twonty-fcecond at., near Valencia.
FOR sale— Laundry route paying well; $150 if
taken this week. Box 2814. Call.
".ESTAURANT; good location: for sal*;
daily sales <15. Box 2854. Call office.
FOR sale— stove. No. 7. with waterback;
»7 50; good baker. 214 Octavia st. j
BUSINESS- CHANCES— Continued.
$2500—1 WANT a good honest partner, with
this amount. In an established office business,
handling articles of great merit and universal
demand: I hold the exclusive right for sal*
and manufacturing of these goods In the ,
United States and Canada; I need help; splen-
did profits: 1 have $2000 worth of goods on
hand; wish to advance the business, vox
:•>•«, Call office. ______
FOR sale at sacrifice; retiring froir l business:
wholesale and retail store, established 26
years; suitable for wholesale and retail gro-
cery or -rug store or hotel; can be rented
separate; long lease if desired _MON-
NIER. 1153 Howard, bet. Seventh and Eighth.
S32OO— HOTEL- 60 rooms: richly furnished;
good will; doing splendid business : grand lo-
cation: half cash. _. E. BUNCE. 90S Broad-
way, Oakland.
FOR Bale cheap, account of other business,
wood and coal yard. 3467 Nineteenth st. near
Valencia: Inquire In grocery opposite.
BLACKSMITH and wagon business for sale or
to let- long established; best section of the
State. C. B. STEANE, Pleas anton.
For sale Grocery and bar; fine location; good
cash trade: on account of going East. Ad-
drees box 2SS7. Call office.
GOOD family restaurant for sale cheap; other
business cause. Address S. M. COX, Sonora.
Tuolumne County, Cal.
GROCERY store: doing a good business; good
location. Inquire of E. A. KOLB. 419 Mont-
gomery st.
I PARTNER for old>st. florist shop: doing pros-
, perous business: cheap rent. Apply Call office.
RESTAURANT for sale; good reason for sell-
ing. 430 San some st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL *■ CO.'S, 412 Sacramento st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m. ,
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
I FINE top buggy, almost new; business buggy,
i new; business wagons, new, Bui table for dry
I goods stores; rockaway. S2S Harrison st.
i FOR sale— 2 bakery wagons, one buggy; cheap.
543 Park aye..' East Oakland.
I ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
I etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. -117 Mission St.
! 100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys anil norm's. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehania St.; tel. S. 40.
CITY Steam Carpet beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
! J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
4."3 Stevenson Ft.; tel. South 225: lowest rates.
' ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
I tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
I CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
BTRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
: J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 Hth
M ; cleaning, 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
: CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye ; tej. East 126.
_______ COMPOUNDS.
i UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing; a sure
cur- for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Sr"?»r st.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND Si IKITUALISMj
I MRS. DR. CLARK.
the well-known trance medium and clair- j
yam, may be consulted on all affairs of
life. While entranced she will reveal every
hidden mystery; -he will show you how to
overcome your enemies: remove family trou- j
bles- restore lost affections; unite the sepa-
rated: recovers lost, stolen or burled prop- j
erty; locates treasures and minerals; tells i
your entire life, past, present and future.
While In a perfect trance; perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send stamp for circular
with special terms, MRS. DR. F. CLARK, ;
tOo Turk st. Home Sundays and evenings.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, the celebrated test
medium life reader and medical clairvoyant:
sittings. SI; diagnosis free; "new method" !
treatment for chronic, private, obscure dis- ■
eases; send stamp fpi circular. 232 Stockton.
MME. MELBOURNE, gifted clairvoyant; never
fails; satisfaction guaranteed; hours, 1:30 to 5
p. m.. 7-10 p. m. ; L...25c; G., 50c. 612% Eddy.
MME A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller: best advice in difficult mat-
ters. 8 Hayes St.. room 7. second floor.
JOHN SLATER circle to-night. 8:15: sittings
dally, 10 to 4. 188* Stockton, near Greenwich.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
GYPSY life reader; satisfaction guaranteed;
25c; correct answers to all questions. 5 7th st.
EDWARD EARLE. Independent elatewriter,
330 Ellis St.; seance Scottish Hall. Sun. night.
EDDY, 1951— Pretty modern cottage: 6 rooms
and bath; in good order: garden and yard.
CATHERINE DEAN, wonderful scientific life
and card reader. 989 Howard, cor 6th, office 23.
MRS C J MEYER. 333 McAllister; readings;
test nvetings, 10c; circles, ZBc; daily, 2, 8 P- m.
:.'■ BERINSKLEY, fortune teller. ISA Co-
lumbia Square, bet. 6th and 7th, off Folsom. !
YOUR future told by cards, 2".c: dally. 10 a. m.
to 10 p.m.: Sun., 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.. 102V4 Sixth.
MME AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. -;"><•: truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 212 M; Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads lire fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
PROF. Gee— Medium: read's, 50c. $l:test circles
Tues.. Thurs.. Fri.. 8 p. m.. 10c. 1035 Market.
CHEAPEST and beet in America— The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States. r>f°tnald. for SI t.»- year.
CLINIC.
CALIFORNIA Medical College, 1422 Folsom;
free medical and surg. treatment; 9 to 12 m.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
l»s* successful. Room 310. f'27 Market St.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$14 — FURNISHED or unfurnished. 137 Julian
aye.. off Sixteenth and Mission sts. ; modern
improvements. '.'■•.'«
D SUNNY rooms: chicken house, barn; cheap.
t.21 Thirtieth st. near WPS - •• ■•■
COTTAGES "WANTED.
WANTED— A 4 or 5-room cottage; modern;
Bunny; bath, etc.; detached. W. H. G.,
Golden West Hotel,
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HI-GINS' rental parlors, 927
Market St.. over Cafe ZrtnkaFd— Teeth extract-
I ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
| or chloroform: also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums: the best end most artiftlc
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up; other tllllngs from aOc;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain: plates that fit
from $4 CO up: flesh colored plates from $3 30
up; teeth without plates a specialty; opan
evenings and Sunday*.
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry.
Synol, on application to the gums, removes
the pain; see our flesh colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 60; plate*,
full set. $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth St.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bide, you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crown*,
$3 SO up: plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 OFarrell st. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students: guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH extracted free; the best work; the low.
est prices; all work warranted and palrfles?;
teeth without plates a specialty. Modern
Dental Parlors, 1206 Market, -or. Golden Gate.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market st. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; ca» given.
XA.: VROOM— extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years; ■ lowest prices; 10
operators: no students. 997 Market st.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, IS4I Polk st.
MEYER— Deutscher Zahnarzt. 6 Turk; lst-class
work; prices reas.; gas; crown & bridge work.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.. 8 graduate opera-
tors; open pveninjTs and Sundays. 850 Market.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush;
full set teeth, $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
LOWEST prices In S. F. : work warranted 10
Twin. N. T._Dentlst3. 967 Mission, "or.- Cth.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
S. 'F. Dressmaking, .Ladies' ' Tailoring parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking, CS7 Geary; dre«««s
made $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 1. 1899.
EDUCATIONAL.
MR. and MRS. W. F. AYRES have returned
from their vacation and resumed personal su-
pervision over Ayres' Business College; new
I and progressive methods In all branches: the
only school in the city having the right to
use the practical Budget system of bookkeep-
ing; life scholarship $50; send for catalogue.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.. S. F.;
practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages/ telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
i neering, etc.: new 80-page catalogue free.
i ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical, mining,
I mech., survey, assay, arch!. ; day and even.;
est 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
ALL students but two taking full coarse this
year got positions. San Francisco Business
College. 1236 Market Ft.
FRENCH. Spanish, etc., Prof, de Fllllppe's
Academy of Languages. 320 Post; ablest profs.
LAW schools. 927 Market, S. F.. and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night: correspondence.
| PROF. MERKI'S mandolin club resumes Nov.
| i; new members welcome; ref. 1008 Mission.
! PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory of
Lelpslc; lessons 75c. 320 Golden Gate aye.
I "EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College. 305 Larkin St.. opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Information Bureau; Japanese and
Chinese help: house-cleaning. 421 Post; tele-
phone Main 1956. - : : :,::'"
' ORPHEUM Employment Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Butter; tel. Black 1321.
FIELD'S Employment Agency -Help furnished
free. 6". Clay St.; phone Davis 821.
1 JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency: all kinds
! help. GEO. OAKI. 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414' i, O'Farrell st., tel. East 426.
SAM KEE. Sl3 Bush st. ; best Chinese help fur-
nished promptly. Telephone Red 1531.
I EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
LADIES desiring first-class help of any nation-
ality or description can secure same by call-
ing on, addressing or telephoning MIS? CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st : telephone Grant 120.
SUPERIOR woman desires situation as first-
class cook; understands her business thor-
oughly; best local references. For particulars
please call or telephone MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman, good cook
and housework, city or country, $15 to $20.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
SWEDISH second girl, first-class waitress and
seamstress; year's references. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires situation;
understands French and German cooking;
good ref. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl desires situation to assist in
light housework. Apply MISS H. CULLI-
NAN, 323 Sutter st; phone Main 651.
! POSITION required by a respectable woman to
| take charge of a rooming house or any place
i of trust; can give first-class references; city
i or suburban towns. Box 902, Call office.
COMPETENT woman will do housework; good
cook and laundress; good bread and pastry
maker; fond of children; references; wages
$15 to $20. 79 Jessie st.
COMPETENT woman wants situation as work-
Ing house-keeper for two or more gentlemen;
good reference. Call 1266 Unton st. MRS.
i >TT.
AN experienced woman wants a situation as
chambermaid, sewing and maid or assist with
other work; reference given. Box 2856, Call.
1 MIDDLE-AGED German woman wishes posi-
tion to do housework; plain cooking and
washing; in private famly. 302 Fourth st.
SWEDISH girl wants situation in nice Ameri-
can family to do housework. Address 2854
', Twenty-second St.; call between 10 and 4.
I SWEDISH girl wishes to do general housework
I and plain cooking. Please call at 4419 Twenty-
third st. near Hoffman. ,
COMPETENT Swedish woman wishes position
doing housework; good cook. 5 Rausch st.,
near Howard. j__
FRENCH woman desires situation at house-
work; good cook; best references. 230 Mont-
gomery aye.
GERMAN woman would like position as work-
housekeeper or take charge of lodging house;
good references. 522 Stockton st.
; YOUNG German woman wants work by the
day; general housework, washing or iron-
ing. Apply 318V4 Fulton st., In rear.
YOUNG girl wishes situation to cook and do
! general housework. Please call 127 Turk st.
YOUNG lady wishes a position as a house-
keeper. Call at 103 Stockton St., room 9.
EXPERIENCED nurse wishes care of invalid.
1007 Church st
EXPERIENCED reliable nurse wants some en-
gagements; would receive patients in her
home; good references. Address Nurse, 47A
Clara fit., bet. Third and Fourth, Folsom and i
Harrison.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $160 night; $150 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A WOMAN wishes to go cut by the day wash-
Ing or Ironing; $1 day and carfare. 31V_ Dulan
street.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman wishes situa-
tion to do cooking and small washing; city or
country. 348 Third st.
A RESPECTABLE Danish lady wishes posi-
tion as housekeeper; city or country. Address
A. I!., box 2937. Call. -
SITUATION wanted by a young Swedish girl
to do general housework. Call at 1112 De Haro
St., bet. Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth.
A YOUNG Swedish girl wishes a position to
take care of small children or Infant; refer-
ence. 326 Jessie St.. bet. 3d and 4th.
YOUNG Swedish lady wishes clothing to re-
pair. 425 Bush st, room 11. first floor.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes a situation to do
; general housework. Address 648 Howard st.
NEAT girl wishes a situation to do light house-
work; private family: references; no postals;
wages $12 to $15. 1022 Larkln st.
■ ELDERLY woman wishes situation; good cook,
housekeeper and seamstress. Call or address
MRS. B. W., 1517 Golden Gate aye.
YOUNG German girl wishes situation assisting
housework. Apply 116 Perry st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m. .
i A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st. -
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALI_7~
"WANTED— Position as head gardener by a
Scotchman, 26 years; first-class experience;
11 years In the States; reference first-class.
Address box 2818, Call office.
WANTED— Work by young man by the day at
window and house-cleaning; carpets cleaned.
HENRY ANDERSON, 952 Bush st; telephone
east 963.
YOUNG man just arrived from Germany, who
has been for four years In the shipping com-
mission business, would like situation. In-
quire 442 1 Jessie st. ,
YOUNG man wishes situation, private place,
I to attend to horses and garden; wages reason-
I able; speaks German and English. Box 907,
j Call office.
ENGINEER with first-class license would like
a situation; can do all kinds of engine and
boiler work. Address box 2994, Call.
- FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook In private family;
good reference; wages $35. Call 915 Stockton
I St., room 1.
[ COACHMAN, understands his business thor-
| oughly in all branches, Al references, desires
situation as such. Ad. C. S., 1022 Jackson st.
YOUNG Japanese boy, who speaks good Eng-
lish, wants situation as schoolboy; wages no
object. HARRY, 2 Eureka pi., off Larkin.
JAPANESE wants situation; wishes to attend
Echool; wages no object. KATO, 533 Sixteenth
St., Oakland.
MAN 25 years of age would like Inside work;
does not use liquor or tobacco. Box 2820, Call.
I BARBER wants steady job for evenings, Sat-
urday and Sunday. Box 2853. Call office.
BARBER wants steady place. K. HAUB, 787
O'Farrell st:
CARPENTER wants work: repairing; old work
i a specialty. Box 908, Call office.
i COMPETENT bookkeeper, cashier and corres-
pondent with many years' experience In
wholesale business wishes position: excellent
city ret». Address Ledger, box 2817. Call.
RELIABLE man wants situation In general
merchandise or grocery store; will work cheap
to learn the business; good driver; references.
Address 1. M. E-. 727 Bush St.
GARDENER (German), competent, reliable,
handy and useful, wishes situation In private
family, city or country; understands the care
of horses, cows, chickens; references. Box
2938, Call.
BARBER wants work evenings, Saturday 4 p.
m.; good workman; permanent. Address boy
. 2933, Call office. ...
YOUNG Danish coachman and gardener wants
situation In private place; can milk: handy
with tools; best of reference*. Address P
LUND. 360 Seventh St.. Oakland.
! WANTED— Positions by man and wife; experi-
enced in poultry and dairy; handy with tools
| Address W.. box 2819. Call.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
SITUATION by electrician and engineer: 5
years' experience on dynamos and motors; last
6 years on construction work as electric light
wiring and electric heating, call bells, gas
lighting fixture hanging and general repair
work: 5 years in one shop. Ad. box 2Sao. Call.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
BARBER of long experience can be had even-
lngs, Sat, and Sun. Address H.. IS6 Perry st.
SITUATION wanted by a good house painter.
FRED BROWN, 777% Market st
BEST mill stuffer wishes a position. MR.
JOHNSON. 16 De Haro st. ■'
BARBER wants 6teady job for evenings, Sat-
urday and Sunday. Box 2858, Call.
SITUATION wanted by competent man on a
small ranch; understands fruit, general farm-
ing, poultry and vegetable raising; references.
Address box 2977, Call office. •
RELIABLE man wants position as coachman,
man about place, or would take charge of
private place or stock ranch; experienced and
competent; good references. Address G. W.,
727 Bush st. _^
SITUATION desired by young man at any in-
door work; would work for private family; no
previous experience but would expect small
wages at first. Box 2968, Call.
3 JAPANESE schoolboys want work, one to
wait at table and two to work around kitchen.
Address M. HOUTA. 519 Jessie st.
JAPANESE, young honest boy. wants position
at housework and waiting. Y. SHIGEDOMI.
box 952. Call office.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
j subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. .
EXCHANGE.
| GOOD renting Oakland property for ranches.
J. H. EPSON. 1209 Broadway. Oakland.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
i GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
10714 Market st., San Francisco: exam. free.
FLATS TO LET.
BAY-WINDOW, 8-room basement: yard. 19
Hampton place, off Folsom, bet. Second and
Third.
CLAYTON. 872, south of Frederick— Modern
eunny flat; 5 rooms and bath; reasonable.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN _ HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
BRANNAN, 422. near Third— nice flats of
I 3 and 4 rooms each on sunny side of street;
j rent $9 and $10 each; water and cellar free.
GEARY, 1917— $18: 4 furnished rooms; bath:
toilet: 2 beds; 2 stoves; gas and coal; all
necessaries. : '<
I MCALLISTER, 1129— Upper flat, 7 rooms; with
light and sun; reasonable to good tenant.
i NE. COR. Nineteenth and Noe sts.— Lovely
| sunny upper modern 5-room flat; porch and
[ storeroom; $16; water free.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
' HEAVY matting, 10c per yard; linen warp, 15c;
tapestry Brussels carpet sewed, laid and lined.
60c per yard. EASTERN OUTFITTING CO..
1310-1312 Stockton St., nr. Broadway.
I 4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 60. with No.
i 7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FIRM I I WANTED.
1 ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays
the highest price for your Jd-hand furniture.
! WANTED— SSOOO carpets.furniture.etc.; highest
price paid; postal M. Sllven-teln.ll2l Market
FUKRIKKS, ITRS. ETC
ELECTRIC seal capes. Astrakan yokes, $10 to
$30. ROBT. WALLACE. US Kearny. top floor.
HELP WANTED AGENTS.
REPRESENTATIVE Masons to solicit sub-
scriptions for the American Tyler, only Ma-
sonic Journal of general circulation In the
U. S. Address with references, box 503, De-
troit, Mich.
! AGENTS everywhere to sell map of the battle-
fields In the Philippines; 4f,xS4 inches In 6
colors, showing all the movements of Eighth
Army Corps. Write for particulars to P. E.
LA MAR. 21 First St.. San Francisco.
AGENTS wanted for Eastern specialties; call
after 4 p. m. P. C. M. A.. 76 Flood bldg.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
50 TALENTED amateurs for the Megaphone
Minstrels. Apply at Chutes at 6:30 p. m. to-
day (Wednesday).
LAUNDRESS, $25 and chambermaid, $20, same
hotel, city; 2 laundresses, country, $20; 10
waitresses, city and country, $20.
FAMILY ORDERS
| 2 Swedish cooks tor small families, $25 to $30;
! 25 girls for first-class place, $20 to $25. C. R.
HAN-EN & CO., 104 Geary St.
WANTED— 2 German cooks, $35; laundress,
hotel, $25; chambermaid, $20; second girl, $25;
parlor maid and waitress, $25: nurse. $25;
I second girl and nurse, $20; 4 cooks. German
style, $30; 3 waitresses, country hotel, $20;
and many others for housework at $20 and $25.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter.
TWO cooks. $30 each; cook, $25; two second
girls, $25 and $20; two nurseglrls, $20 and $15;
waitress, $20: young girl, second work, $12 to
$15: houseglrl, two In family. $20; 25 house-
girls, $25 and $20: housekeeper, $10: woman
with a child, $15. MRS. NORTON. 313 Butter.
HOUSEWORK girl. Monterey County. $20; Pre-
sidio, $25; Oakland, $25: Haywards, $25; San
Jose. $30. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
J NEAT girl for housework; 4 In family; $15.
MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter st.
NURSE: 1 child; $20. MISS H. CULLINAN.
323 Sutter St.; telephone Main 051.
LADY having 2 or 3 hours' time a day can
make $5 weekly working at home; nothing to
sell: send addressed envelope for free sample.
MANHATTAN CO., 101 Beekman St., N. Y.
WANTED— girl to do housework. Apply
11 'Kingston St., between San Jose aye. and
Mission St., bet. Thirtieth and Thirty-first.
OPERATORS on tailor skirts; must be thor-
■. oughly experienced; foot power: good ventil-
ated parlor to work. HOFFMAN, 131 Post.
WANTED— A good waitress at 250 Ellts st.
ELDERLY woman to assist In light house-
work. 919 Filbert st.
GIRL waiter wanted at 29 Fourth st.
NEAT second girl, Sonoma, $15. Call at 2210
Central aye.
WOMAN for housework; 4 adults; easy place;
$12. 1256 Stanyan st.; take Ellls-st. cars.
GIRL for general housework; good, plain cook-
Ing. 2332 Pine st., near Stelner.
I WANTED— finisher on custom coats; experi-
enced on button-holes; females. 14 Harriet st.
YOUNG girl to assist in housework; family of
3; $15. 1711 Webster St.. bet. 9 and 12; ref.
MAKE $100 per month representing us; par-
ticulars 10c. Address CERTUS CO.. S. F.
GOOD tailoress and button-hole makers. AD
HOENIQ. 819 Post St.
1 WANTED— A girl to assist in light housework;
| small family; $12. Apply 1510 Vail, jo st.
GERMAN or Swedish strong girl; general
housework: cooking. lift Bush st.
GERMAN girl; general housework and cooking.
Call 9 to 12 a. m., 414 Van Ness aye.
WANTED— Reliable girl for general house-
work. Apply 1323 Stockton st.
AN experienced young nurseglrl for children
three and six years. 2100 Devlsadero st.
GIRL wanted for general housework; good
plain cook; wages $15. 720 Howard st.
WANTED— GirI for light housework. 109
South Park.
FINISHERS on pants; steady work. 85S How-
ard, bet Fourth and Fifth, over handball ct.
WANTED— Young girl for housework. 214
Hyde street. • • ■■ .
WANTED— Young girl for light housework.
Apply at 2504 Clay St., near Fillmore.
NURSEGIRL wanted. 530 Turk st.
APPRENTICES on shirts and overalls: paid
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory,
Gouuh - and Grove sts.
WANTED— Young girl for general housework;
no cooking. 1831 Eddy st.
FUR liners and operators. LOFSTAD, 14
Kearny st.
YOUNG girl to assist housework: small family.
3448 Sixteenth St., cor. Sanchez. - * ■.
GIRL for housework; plain cooking; 3 In
family; $15 month. Call In morning IS26A
. Sutter st. ■ ■ ■
WANTED— for cooking and downstairs
work. 536 Union st., cor. Taylor.
FIRST-CLASS pants finishers wanted at S. N.
WOOD & CO.'S, cor. Powell and Eddy sts.
WANTED— A nursegirl.. Apply at 2912 Clay
street. ■ '
WANTED— cook; small family. Call be-
tween 9 and 12 at 2932 Jackson st
GIRL for light housework; 2 in family; $10.
1755 A Howard. ■ . ' . ■:.
WANTED — Girl for light housework; good
home. 801 Hayes st.
HELP WASTED-FEMALE.
GOOD buttonhole makers and finishers on cus-
tom coats; steady work. Room 78 Donohoe
building.
WANTED— GirI to assist In light housework.
1217 Webster st. '
GIRL for light housework; good home. 3631
Seventeenth st.
SKIRT hands wanted. 363 Geary st. "
FINISHER on custom coats; also apprentice
girls. 30» Tehama st. ■
PROTESTANT girl for general housework. Ap-
ply 567 Geary st. / ■ .
WANTED— Canvassers for an actuality of the
highest interest; liberal condition. Call or
write MARS. 519 Golden Gate aye.
STRONG woman; light housework for twc
ladles; wages $10; Protestant. Cox 2973, Call.
WANTED— First-class alteration hands at E.
MESSAGER'S cloak store. 145 Post st.
WANTED— First-class waist finisher, cloak-
makers and skirt finishers. Only first-class
hands need apply at 1200 Geary St., from 7:30
p. m.
WANTED— ladies who want to make $12 a
week. Call 114 Jones st.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
lng.plnking-. 121 Post, over O'Connor &Moftatt.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School gives a
thorough, artistic course. 103 Post st.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
50 TALENTED amateurs for the Megaphone
Minstrels. Apply at Chutes at 6:30 p. m. to-
day (Wednesday).
FREE FARE COAST ROAD NO FEE
Teamsters and laborers; ship Thursday. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
STONEMASONS for the coast R. R.. S3 50 a
day, free fare; teamsters and laborers for the
Valley R. R., $2 a day. free fare; woodsmen,
$26 to $35 and found; 6 farmers, different
ranches, $2C and board. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
ENGINEER and electrician for an Institution.
$60 and board; ranch foreman, $60. see party
here; man and wife for private place, coun- I
try, $40 and found, see party here; farmer 1
and wife. $35; gardener and "do porter work,
country hotel, $25; coachman with good ref-
erences, $33 to $40. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
HEAD laundryman, hotel, $50 and found; Ger-
man cook, hotel, $45; 2 restaurant cooks, $10
to $12 a week; baker, hotel, $40; third cook,
$30; dishwashers, $20 to $30. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary st. _____
4 COLORED waiters; country hotel, north; fare
advanced. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
WANTED— IO miners, $2 50 day; timberman for
mine, $2 75 day; 20 laborers for mines, quar-
ries and pick and shovel work, $2 day; woods-
men for Oregon; farmers, $1 a day; chore-
man and wife, $35; and many others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— for Nevada, $50. fare refund-
ed; German hotel cook and wife. $60; restau-
rant cooks and second cooks, city; night
waiter, $40; dishwashers, $25; and others. J.
• F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— First-class American farmer who
has been a schoolteacher; $35 and found. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento St.
WANTED— American bookkeeper for store. $50
and Increase, young man preferred; clothing |
salesman. American. $10 a week. Awply to |
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Cock, small boarding house, near
city. $40; waiter for institution, city, $5 per
week, with board, lodging and washing;
farmer and wife, $40; milker and wife, $35;
laborer for mine, $26 and board: dishwashers
and others. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay.
BARBERS" Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
STEADY man to take orders and assist in
llKht commission business: must be satisfied !
with SIS to $18 per week and have small capi- i
tal. 1032 Market St., room 4.
WANTED— An upholsterer at 1687 Geary st.
WANTED— WeII-appearing' unemployed men to
j call at room 81. 916 Market st. ; good wages.
ERRAND boy; one who lives with parents.
509 Kearny St.. room 2.
BARBER wanted for Saturday afternoon and
Sunday morning only; steady. Box 872. Call.
BARBER, steady; good wages. 528 Broad-
way. '- ;.;•';'-
BUSHELMAN and presser at the California
Clothing Renovatory. 116 Geary st.
I YOUNG man, 16 to 20 years; $5 a week; refer-
ence required. 2916 Lyon St.. near Presidio.
WANTED— Steady waiter. S 'Jackson st.
WANTED— Young man to do electrical work in
store. Apply box 903, Call office.
CABINETMAKERS wanted. Apply L. & E.
EMANIIEL, 432 Fourth st.
WANTED— A good cook; sober and steady.
Call 250 Ellis st.
BOOKKEEPER v. ho understands stenography.
Address box 2990. Call.
WHEELWRIGHT, used to machinery. 600
Golden Gate aye.; O'BRIEN & SONS.
PAINTERS (2), good stage hands; $2 50.
S hrader and Frederick sts.
WANTED— man for cleaning second-hand
clothes. 1042% Howard st.
COATMAKER for the country. Apply REISS
BROS., 24 Sutter st.
DISHWASHER wanted. 424 Clay St.
AGENT in every town in the State to sell my
famous scalp tonic and hair grower. 252 Ellis.
WANTED— Experienced bedmaker. Address
box 2992, Call office.
BARBER wanted; steady. 222 Montgomery :
aye. I
WANTED— boy that had experience In
a furniture store. Box 905, Call office.
PAINTERS wanted. Call 1129 Mission st.
BOY as apprentice for printing office; German
preferred. Room 4. 535 California st.
GOOD waiter; must know how to serve
French dinner. Apply 7 a. m., 119 Stockton.
WANTED— Lunch waiter and one steady. 617
Montgomery st.
GOOD waiter wanted at 907 Kearny st.
OPERATORS on custom coats; steady work;
good pay. 541 Market st.
BOY for underpresslne on custom pants. 641
Market et.
GOOD barber for country, $14; also bootblack,
$10. Apply H. BENARD, 104 Seventh st.
ALL-AROUND tailor to go to country. Call
DBTMER WOOLEN CO., 11 Sansome st.
BARBERS— Two-chair 10c shop for sale; ac-
I count sickness. 427 San Pablo aye., Oakland.
NOW open— Barbers' home; free employment
i office; a social room connected for Journey-
men; bosses will be furnished free of charge
with first-class help. 1205 Market St.. near
Eighth; telephone Main 51.. Wm. Haberecht.
NOW open — Barbers' home; free employment
office; a social room connected for Journey-
man; bosses will be furnished free of charge
with first-class help. 1205 Market St., near
Eighth; telephone South 51. Wm. Haberecht.
WANTED — for saddle factory; must
be sober, competent man. understanding
stamped work; send references and salary
wanted; steady position to right party. Ad-
dress PATRICK. MASTICK & CO., Portland,
Or. » '
WANTED— cook. Call between i
and 11 a. m.. 2616 Buchanan st.
WANTED— First-class waiter at Manhattan
House. 825 Battery «t. " / ;.-"■..
STRONG boy or man to work in coal yard.
510 Second st.
WANTED — Good tailors on custom coats;
steady work. Room 78, Donohoe building.
STRONG boy to help on cakes. 1205 Polk St.,
New Western Bakery.
TAILORS wanted. on custom coats. Apply 533
Natoma st.
ERRAND boy wanted at 304 Tehama St.; call
early. -.••'■.
600 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. ."<;: Mission st., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
COATMAKER to work inside; also pressman.
927 Market St., room 023 . . . .
BARBERS— Good two-chair shop in country
near city for sale cheap. Call at DECKEL-
MAN BROS.', 106 Ellis st.
WANTED— for an actuality of the
highest interest; liberal conditions. Call or
write MARS, 519 Van Ness aye.
WANTED— Call Monday at 2132 Mis-
sion st., between Seventeenth and Eighteenth.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 15c breakfast.
dinner or supper; best In city. 406 McAllister
St.. near Polk.
BARBERS— 2-chalr shop in country for
sale. DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis st. ■
BARBER; young' man; easy work; $9 week.
Address E. D. 8.. Petaluma. P. O. box 507.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 662 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Secy.. 630 Market, downstairs.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed.Rolkin. Rer.o House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
PENSIONS— J. H.SHEPARD & CO., attor-
— — -neys, Hearst bldg., Third and Market.
HELP .WASTED — MALE.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 5548
Leading Employment and Labor Agents
want to-day, from 7 a. m., help for British
Columbia, Arizona, Oregon, Washington, Ha-
waiian Islands, Utah and all parts of Cali-
fornia. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
YOU 7 GOLD MINES YOU
WILL 3 SILVER MINES -...WILL
SUIT 19 OTHER MINES... SUIT
93 laborers (no experience required), $57 per
month, including board and lodgings
22 laborers, fare $1 50. ..y0u don't $60
18 laborers, fare $3 80 want any $39 & fd.
12 laborers, fare $2 80.... experience $52 50
24 laborers, fare $1 90 at mines.. ..$4O & Id.
Steady Jobs MURRAY & READY.
year round 634 and 636 Clay st.
WE PAY ....27 SAWMILLS EXPERIENCE
YOUR FARES.. 7S WOOD CAMPS.... NOT
TO-DAY 29 TIE CAMPS REQUIRED
Wanted— 769 men for above places, laborers,
etc
..$26 to $40 per month and found, you will suit
:"V. Woodchoppers, tlemakers
plcketmakers, mill and woods men
Crosscut sawyers, bark peelers, etc.
$75, $65, $50, *45, $40, $35, $30 and found; $2 50,
$2, $1 50, $1 cord; 9c, 10c, lie and 12c each.
MURRAY & READY.
Call early 634 and 636 Clay st.
FARMS— DAIRIES. . .aIso~MEN~AND WIVES
64 farmhands $30. $26, $25, $20 and found
For orchards, vineyards, farms, etc
19 plow teamsters $30 and $26 and found
5 milkers, good Jobs $30 and $25 and found
16 choremen and boys for farms
$25. $20. $15 «nd found
2 milkers and wives, 2 farmers and wives,
$40; man to milk 10 cows, make, butter, pri-
vate place $30 and fd
working foreman, Bingle $40 and fd
boys to drive butcher wagons, learn trades,,
bakery work, around and in institutions, etc..
$15 and found. MURRAY & READY, 634 and
636 Clay .st.
GOOD WAGES GOOD PLACES.
14 laborers, fare 70c $2 to $2 75 day
12 laborers, fare 50c, 12 mills $52
7 laborers. Northern California *63
32 4-horse teamsters, fare $1 .'•0 $60
18 teamsters fare 50e, $2 and $2 25 day.
6 laborers. Supervisors' work, .fare $1 50.. 52 25
16 laborers, fare 35 cents $34 and found
96 laborers for all parts of California.... $- 75
$2 50, $2 day; some city Jobs; COME SICE.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
WE SHIP YOU FREE ....RAILROAD WORK
LABORERS AND TEAMSTERS, $2 DAY.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 CLAY ST.
IT'S.... INSIDE WORK.... LARGE COMPANY
12 laborers, no experience required, $2 to $2 75
day. 10 hours' work dally, 5 months' job.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
CARPENTERS MECHANICAL HELP
22 carpenters, 9 months' Job, north $3 day
6 carpenters, fare paid, Sawmill Co
$40 to $50 and fd
4 blacksmiths and horseshoers..s2 50. $2 day..
harnessmaker $30 and fd
tinners, wheelwrights good Jobs and wages
upholsterer, $2 50 day...blockmakers, $2 50 day
stonemasons, $3 50 day Iron molders, $3 day
slate splitters, $2 50 day can solderers, boss
here
granite cutters, $3 day 50 other positions
CAREFULLY.......MURRAY & READY,
READ THESE 634 and 636 Clay St.
HOTEL DEP'T...... LAUNDRY . . BAKERY
cook and second cook, country hotel, fare
paid r. $85
no baking, mining town barbers
cook, $40; dishwashers, $15; fare 50c $55
second cook and night cook, camp
$3.'i and $30 and fd
29 cooks $55, $50. $40, $35, $30, $25 and fd
ranch cook, 15 men $30 and fd
5 laundrymen, 1 marker.'. $30 and fd
12 waiters $30, $25, $20 and fd
19 dishwashers, $30, $25, $20, $15 and found
3 porters, 2 -cooks and. wives, 2 pantrymen,
bakers, confectioners, helpers, etc., $70, $60,
$50. $40. $35. $30. $20 and found. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired; constant practice; expert instruction;
lectures on dermatology; Saturday wages;
call or write for free Illustrated catalogue.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 635 Clay st.
WANTED— Sklrtmaker at SCHIMMEL &
STOVER'S, 408 Sutter st.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices,
$1 week N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart St.
200 SINGLE furnished room*. 10c. 15c and 25c
per night. Lindell. 6th and Howard: read. rm.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market st.. below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night: reading room: free
•bus and baggage to and from 'the ferry.
MEN and women wanted to learn barber trade
In 6 weeks; expert instructions; Saturday
wages; call or write for catalogue. S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 741 A Howard St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — Sale
LOOK out for the big sale of horses direct
from the country at Ormonde Sale Stable.
1517 Mission St., Tuesday, 11 o'clock. S.
WATKINS, Auctioneer.
*40 HORSES for sale: also wagon, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
827 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
YOUNG surrey or buggy mare 16 hands high;
good traveler; kind and gentle. Apply 2200
Point Lobos aye., corner Eleventh aye.
50 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621
and 1625 Market St., between Twelfth and
Brady ; also some , fine matched black teams.
FOR sale— A number of work, road and busi-
ness horses. TOMKINSON'S Livery Stable,
57 Minna St.. bet. First and Second.
2 HORSES and harness and two almost new
top wagons. Livery Stable. 729 Valencia st.
CHEAP— Good road horse; any lady can drive
him; well bred. Address 605 Mission st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In ■ the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage raid.
HORSES WANTED.
WANTED— A good horse. Apply at Girls' Di-
rectory. Central aye. and Waller st.
"^HOUSES — LODGING — -FOR SALE.
iT^cT^DECKER^ ~"~
OFFICE 1020 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE STH.
OVER COLUMBIA SUIT & CLOAK HOUSE.
21-room house; $300 cash $700
26 rooms; clears $100.....' 650
18 rooms; clears $80; rent $35 600
24 rooms; on Third at.; clears $100 650
9 rooms: on Mission st 300
45 rooms; corner; clears $200 1200
56 rooms; (transient); clears $200 1500
48 rooms; on Market St.; rent $75 1300
CO-room hotel and bar 5000
113 rooms; best in the city «■.... 5000
40-room boarding-house 3200
60 others, 5 to 200 rooms, from $100 to $10,000.
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
KREDO & CO 22% Geary st.
Money to Loan at Low Rates.
The "Following at Our Office Only:
$850—23 ROOMS: 1 block from Market; clears
$90 to $100 month. KREDO & CO.. 22% Geary.
$500—11 ROOMS: near Post; cheap rent: fine
house; clears $30. KREDO & CO., 22% Geary.
$450—15 ROOMS; Grant aye.; fine transient;
good location; clears $75. KREDO & CO.
$323—24 ROOMS, all rented; good location; near
Market St.: rent $40. BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
PARTY wishing to sell lodging house see
BASILE. 3 Eddy st. ; new cash buyer dally;
NEW 6-room — Greenwich St., near Bu-
chanan; Fillmore or Unlon-st. cars; easy
rental terms. THE MCCARTHY ,CO., 646
Market st. ' ♦
LODGING house for sale; $450; on account of
departure; 20 sunny rooms; well furnished; all
rented: rent $30. Apply at the place, 533
Broadway, city. h ;'j- •■/:;>:■„-
-GRANT aye., 209—19 large rooms suitable for
' first-class lodging house or will rent In floors
as factory. Apply on premises, 10 to 12 a. m.
STEVENSON, 772, off Ninth— Nicely furnished
7-room flat and bath; nearly new and com-
plete for comfortable home.
30-ROOM lodging house In Stockton for sale.
Address S. M. PARSONS, 126 Ellis st.
$450— Philadelphia House. 421 Bush st- 48 rooms;
fur.; gas and water; or take partner; $225.
FOR sale or exchange — House of IS rooms for
large house. Inquire Call Office.
FOURTH, 803— A 20- room house well furnished;
good paying house; good location.
$18. ELEVEN rooms: good furniture; $19 rent;
no agents. 346 Third st.
HOUSES TO LET. ~~
A— PRINTED list: houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A. M. SPECK &. CO.. 667 Market st.
HOUSES. FLATS.
1914 Clay. 12 r $75 2414 Pine St., 7 r..532 50
ISI7 Broderick, 9 .$45 1525 Pine, 6 r $27 50
1012 Geary. 7 r....532 50 1 1335 Howard. 6 r $21
123 Cedar aye.. 5 r.. 515 2428 Geary. 6 r.. $20
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL
10 Montgomery st.
HOUSE to let— B rooms, bath, large yard 354
Eureka St.. nr. Twenty-first; rent $15 a month.
JONES, 1532— Modern 7-roomed house: bay-
window; splendid condition; large basement-
\i block from Jackson-st. cars; marine view!
VERY nice 5-room house for $8. 1567 Kearnv
St., near Greenwich.
$12— HOUSE of 4 rooms; grand view; to a small
family only. 425 Fremont st., near Harrison.
HYPNOTISM.
DR. EDWARD FISCHER, renowned hypnotist
and clairvoyant; teaches the art. 14^ Sixth.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— A black and white Llewellyn bitch; one
eye almost entirely black. Return to 928
Halghi st. and receive reward.
L< >ST— Shepherd bitch; black and tan; "Shep";
license No. 2352. Liberal reward at 2538 Pa-
cific aye.
LOST— In Mission: fcold brooch. Finder pleas*
fturn t . Call office, (n. z. n. a.)
MEDICAL.
PRIVATE confinement home; sunny rooms;
best of care; nice garden; medicated st.-am
baths for ladies. DR. and MRS. WEGENER,
phone Pine 2751: res. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
MRS. DR. WYETH. ladies' physician; consul-
tation free; home In confinement: guaranteed
treatment at office, $5. 942 Post st, between
Hviic nnd Larkin; hours. 10 to 5, 7 to 8.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies 1 physician, 1122 Mar-
ket st.. bet. Mason and Taylor; guaranteed
treatment at office, $5; hours 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
DRS. GOODWIN, formerly of 401 Van Ness av 9 .
and 1362 Market St., has returned from Eu-
rope and is now at 118 Eddy st.
DR. POPPER, ladies' practical physician for
37 ye.irs; call on physician with man's knowl-
edge; cvi» $.*>. 318 Kearny; consultation free.
HOME in confinement; treatment $5; consulta-
tion free. MRS. ALLEN, 22S Van Ness aye.
i MRS. DR. GWYER. ladies' physician. £10
Eddy st., bet. Hyde and Larkin.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist. 1023% Market st.
MRS, DR. DAVIES, ladies' physician. 1223
Market st., bet. Taylor and Jones.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
ases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
IMTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion St.. above Sixih.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
$22 50— CAUSE, departure; nearly new Domestic
sewing machine; 7 drawers; complete new
style attachments; cost J7O. 704 Pine Bt
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. 11. S. White, 516 Mlssl n.
BUYS, sells, rents gear machinery, boilers,
water pipe; new,2d hand. Whltelaw.2l6 Spear.
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
specif chests; bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co., 109-111 Market St.. S. F., Cal.
FRESH snowballs— "T. Carr" and all brands
English fire brick, fire clay, brick dust. S. R,
CHURCH, 307 Sansome St., tel. Main 5086.
8 HOISTING engines, 3 steamers, 5 locomotives.
110 cars and all machinery used on Eureka
Breakwater. J. B. JARDINE. 220 Fremont.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $175. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
! DESKS, office and card tables; desks repaired
or exchanged: furn. bought. 244 Stockton, st.
I DR CREELY'S C. P. Worm Pills by all drug-
gists, or Dog Hospital. 510 3olden Gate aye.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN PAFE CO., 417-421 Sacramento st.
DRESS pants, $2 75; fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st.
BARS, counters, shelving, showcases bought a.nd
sold. EIBEN. 11J8 Nflssjon: Tel. Jeysle 1163.
BOILERS engines. lathes, wood planers. 12 and
24 In.: !TR<= enc-. 2d hnnd. J mirk", m Bonl*.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
HIGHEST price paid ;'or old feather beds and
pillows; send postal. CHAS. LEWIS. 611
Union st^
WANTED— To hire 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long job. E. B.
STONE. Elmhurst.
"WANTED— Second-hand ladles' dress; waist SI.
Box 2525. Call office.
OLD gold, gold dust, platinum and silver
bought. H Lairipcki-r X- C<-.. . 11< M^ritcmerv
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security: payable
back in installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price Tre will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tap* and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market St.
ANY proposition; .-.ny amount; 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, .--states in probate. Interest
In estates, legn"le«. life Insurance; chattel
mortgages; confidential; advice free. G. E.
OLSEN. room 16, first floor. Chronicle bldg.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission Bt.. abova
Sixth: telephone South 14.
AVOID delays; try all others, then see me; $50 to
$inn.Ooo; 6 per cent; Ist, 2d or chattel mort-
gages: estates in probate, undivided interc ts In
eßtates, legacies and mortgages ught: advice
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. 636 Markt.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 546 Market St.; telephone Main 1644;
branch 19 Third st :
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser: also on diamonds, watches and
Jewelry. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
ON real estate, Ist or 2d mortgages, and on
furniture or pian-.s; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER, 26 Montgomery st.
! WANTED— OId line life insurance policies;
highest cash price paid. A. T. KELLIHKR.
Raymond House. Oakland, Cal.
MONEY loaned salaried poop!" on their notes
without indorser. TOUSLET, 430 Parrott big.
ALL propositions, small or large; salaries;
rents. KI/">TH, 220 California st.. room 7.
A RELIABLE place to borrow money on dia-
monds, jewelry. W. .T. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d m^rtgs. ;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 4i;i Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
IF your property Is mortgaeed and you need
more rrmnry se» 11. MIT.rTfY W Market ft.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $•
cash and $6 per month, we aak you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash: bargain*
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
15 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Btelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
«ts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest housa
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE' S.
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tha
customer.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER &- CHASE, W O'Fnrrell st.
A CARLOAD ot new style Decker Pianos just
received; they are b<auties: call and see
them. MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
IF you want bargains go to MAUVAIS', 789
Market st. ; they have lots of them.
I LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos; prices reduced to insure prompt sales
W. C. HAMILTON, "24 IVst st.
FINE STEINWAY upright, left by private
party— sacrificed. Room 12, Flood" building.
Fourth and Market sts.
A— UPRIGHTS. $69 up; Installments, $5 75 up-
rents. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Ellis.
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
GOOD upright piano for $110 cash. Keeffe-ii
1910 Van Ness aye.
1 c n o b ?5 t 6 O 0 r Hay : cs $: s t PermO -
PIANOS at auction prices In storage cheap for
cash. WILSON'S Storage, 1710 Market st.
GOOD upright piano, nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG. 216 McAllister St.
LARGE church organ used at Mechanics' Fair;
a hargaln. BYRON MAUZT. 308 Post st.
BARGAIN— Good upright: cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
McAllister St., next Hibernia Bank.
EOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. JOS
Post st.
violins, zithers, old and new. H.
Mi I.LER. mnker r"na!r«r. 2 Lntham nln-e.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
FOR RENT— A double store; one suitable for
restaurant; the oihor for barber ship and
cigar stand; opposite where new union depot
wil, be built. Inquire saloon, cor. Fourth and
sts.
STORE to let— Rent cheap. Apply grocery
store, corner Hayes and Laguna sts.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEE^GXAimDrpupirof^Count St. Ger-
main. 616 Geary st above Jones; classes;
office hours, 1 to S p. 'm.; reading by mail, U-PERSONALS.
M?TuXnTnGHAM, G. A. R. veteran. Address
Vermonter. box 2396, ... ofice.
DRUNKENNESS— A harmless, home cure. For
particulars address P.. P. O. box 483, San
Jose, Cal.; confidence rospected.
ONLY store that buys old gold. Jewelry and
clothing. COLEMAN'S. 606 Kenrny st.
JAMES A. SORENSON, watchmaker and Jew-
eler, removed to 103 ■ \r!i -: . near Mission.
LEDERER'S Quintonica not only cleanses »he
Boalp, but beautifies the hair, gives a line
clo.ss. G. LEDERER, 1-3 Stockton st.
(JO to LEDERER and have, your hair drosstd
a la mcie lor only 2">c; Lederer restores .;ray
hair to its natural lor with Scheffler's Col-
orlne. 70c box. G. LEDERER, 12:! Stockton'.
ELEGANT remnants for suits'. $U> 75; pants,
$3 75, or overcoats. $12 BO; made to order;
samples sent to interior. One Price Tailoring
Co.. ICU Market st., .St. Nicholas Hotel.
SUITS tn order on easy Installments. L.
EEMOS. Ill" Market St., bet. 7th and Bth. •
I>R. U n. WOOD; dental work in all branches;
examinations free. 7Ut Maritet St.. rms. 2 & 3.
LAB<->Ki:P.S. rare opportunity— Have recently
returned from 2 years' sojourn at Dawson; can
furnish reliable information, etc. Address
box 271. Call.
PAINTIJfG and japer hanging; rooms papered
$2 50 up. JENSKN & BATH. 308 Sixth st. '
THE Idea! Hair Co., hairdresslng and mani-
curing. '22 Kearny St., first floor.
MRS. U J. WHKICLOCK has removed La Verite
Parlora to 1140 Market; phone Folsom 446.
FRINGES, l.raids. beads and Jewels made to
orner. KTTINGER'S. 723 Market st.
MLLE.I CLAIRE BERTRAND. manicure par-
lors, 2iS Kearny Bt., first floor, room 2-3.
. UN L BOONE. Patent. Tradmark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 tter St.. Laws a Specialty.
£an Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for circular. Patents Solicited,
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market; 100 rooms;
•5c to $1 r.O per night; $1 60 to $6 per week-
I s an i baggage to and from the ferry.
E_\U< iTEK In unredeemed pledges. Jewelry,
, • .inp. • >-.. for amount loaned and inter-
Ol'T RATE LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason.
BENNETT, 1165 Mission— Cancer cure 6
iays; no knife, no caustics: references.
ALL gents wishing to marry wealthy send 10c
for latest list. MRS. HERTZ), 706 Ellis st -
HIRSUTINE CO., hair specialists, grow hair
or no pay: book for stamp. 6 Eddy it.
A. KLEIN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools
and old gold; send for him. 109 Sixth st.
ANTIQUE and curiosity shop: good 3 bought.
Fold, exchanged. 525 Dupont St.. nr. Cal.
INCRUSTATION— New Invention for china dec-
orators. See S. R. CHURCH. 307 Bansome st.
LACHMAN & CO.. mfrs. of fine furs and seal
garments: also remodeling. 104 Kearny st.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
ing, call on B. COHEN, 157 Third St.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife: no injec-
tion: guarar.td. Dr. Gordin, 514 Plne.ab.Kmy.
WANTED— OId crcld for manufa'ng. O. Nolte,
Jeweler. 2-ts Farrell bet. Powell & Mason.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
FINEST and fullest stock; square deal and
prompt service; country orders our specialty;
catalogue free. Cal. Camera Co.. 22 Geary st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. KNELL, office and residence,
1021U Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PROPERTY WAITED.
WANTED— City real estate for cash. Applj
A. M SPECK & CO.. C" Market st.
HEAL ESTATE — CITY — SALE,
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.
BANKS PAY 3 1-3 PER CENT INTEREST.
REAL ESTATE 4 TIMES AS MUCH
NORTH OF MARKET.
RENTS $19M PER ANNUM.
PAYS 19 PER CENT PER ANNUM.
$10,000— 4 frontages; 11 Bats and 1 dwelling; good
condition; all rented; on Stockton st.
RENTS $1224 PER ANNUM.
PAYS 12 PER CENT PER ANNUM.
$10,000—2 frontage*; 7 flats, 3 on Grove St., 4 on
rear street; lot 1x120; near Lagmna.
RENTS $7Vi PER ANNUM.
PAYS 1? PF.R CENT PER ANNUM.
jS,soi>— 3 r.ew fiats, 6, 7 and S rooms and bath;
lot 2."iX137:6; en Central aye.
SOOTH or MARKET. . .
RENTS $756 PER ANNUM.
PAYS 13 PER CENT PER ANNUM.
$s,7oo— Near Sixth anil Howard sts.; 6 flats of
6 and 5 rooms; lot 50x75.
RENTS $?64 PER ANNUM.
PAYS 13 PER CENT PER ANNUM.
$s,soo— Near Sixth and Folsom st?. ; 6 flats, 3
of 7 and 3 of 4 rooms; separate en-
trances; lot £0x75.
RENTS *31S PER ANNUM.
PAYS 16 PER CENT PER ANNUM.
$2,000— Fourth and Bryant sts.; front
house 2 tenements, rear house 2 tene-
ments; lot 20xS0.
BARGAINS.
NEW WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
ON INSTALLMENTS.
$1,000 cash, balance $4000 on mortgage: 2
new flats of ' and i rooms and bath
on Golden Gate aye. ; rents $35 per
month. ANY CASH OFFER OF LESS
WILL BE SUBMITTED.
A SOUTHEAST CORNER.
750 — On Fillmore St., near Halght; lot 24x
81:3.
FORCED SALE.
$6,000— 0n Mission Ft; lot 65x113 to rear street;
' 3 houses on Mission St., 1 on rear street;
ground worth 25 per cent more than
price asked.
We hold our regular auction Rales every three
weeks For further particulars apply to
EASTON. ELDRIDGE St CO.,
. 638 Market Bt.
AT A. M. SPECK & CO. for good bargains.
$136,C0O— New building; rents $10,000 yearly.
■ 140,000— Grand investment; rents $402.
jjfifKfl—.Stor^s and flats: rents $300.
$Uoo— Three flats on lot 22x56 feet; near Pow-
eH st • rents $1S: all rented; foreclosure.
$14.000— Three grand new flats; rents $115.
J14.000— Geary St., near Mason; store and
lodging douse.
$14,5 ! ;O — 3 elegant new flats, near Mason st.;
rented for $142; an estate; must sell.
$12,500— Store and flats; lot 50-foot front; half
block from Taylor and Market: rents $100.
$14,000— First st.; 37-foot front; 2 fronts; near
MbPi"n st.
JlO.oCf— New flats; very fine; rents $95.
$VMC— Mason It; corner; with 7 flats; renting
low for JSO.
$7200— Transfer corner; store and i flats;
mortgage $6200.
$7500— Three new flats; rents about $30; near
Powt-U and Bush Bts.
$6000— Post st.; 3 flats; rents ISO.
$5000— California St.; 3 flats; rents $45.
$4750— Turk st.; 2 flats and stable; reduced
from $6500; large lot.
}4r,oO_ii nice fiats; near Sixth St.; rents $46.
$2000— Flats: rents $30.
Other bargains at A. M. SPECK A CO.'S. 667
Market st. '
$100 CASH, balance $20 per month— 2 new 5-room
houses; Jus>t completed; porcelain bath-
tub; dome celling; brick foundation; mod-
ern In every respect ; west side of Castro
Ht.. between Twenty-eighth and Valley, 1
block from Mission and Twenty-ninth st.
cars: ir.sjject the^e houses to-day.
RIVERS BROS., 227- Montgomery st.
$10 per month, without Interest— Elegant build-
Ing lots on Diamond St., Castro St., Twen-
ty-eighth st and Valley t=t
RIVERS BROS.. 227 Montgomery st.
NEW CORNER FLATS
$4SCO; RENT f:M A YEAR
$1000 CASH, BAL. MONTHLY
Five and nine rooms each, with all modern
conveniences. F. NELSON, builder, corner
Twentieth and Castro sts.
JSOO FOR new house of G rooms and lot 60x100,
In Oakland; terms $200 ca«h. balance $9 per
month: lot and house cost $1200. Inquire WM.
HENDRICKSON 4 CO.. Cl 4 Call building.
$23.000— Business property and lodglng.wlth flats
<<;• stores; good income. Owner, box 2875, Call.
jijOO^_sl4 per month; 4 rooms. 9-foot basement,
barn, stalls for 2 horses; lot 30:2 by 114 feet.
Particulars 409 Thirtieth st. ....-i
IF~7ou have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
wnt of First aye.. and you wish to sell them,
call en W. J. GITNN. 410 Montgomery at.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Snle
C 2 ACRES land located only half a mile from
ocean surf driveway, between Watsonvllle
and Santa Cruz; It i« all fenced and culti-
vated : small house; barn and fine spring in-
cluded- BohoolhouFP, railway station and
warehouse adjoining; price only $8000. Apply
K. J. MONTGOMERY. i"0 - Thirteenth St.,
Oakland. '
A— 2oo ACRES farming land near Sunol. Ala-
meda Co.. fronting on county road; $25 per
acre for quick sale. H. H. Crane, 410 Montgry.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets. Open until 9 p. m.
A FOUR beautiful rooms, with nice wide
hall; bathroom; completely furnished for
housekeeping; gas; hot and cold water; use of
laundry; telephone; new house; small private
family; rent reasonable. 4231 Twentieth st.,
bet. Castro and Colllngwood; no children.
CLAY. 2421. in rear, near Fillmore— unfur-
_nlshed upper rooms; water; rent $7.
EDDY, '",: Unfurnished sunny rooms; newly
_jai)erefi; kitchen; private residence; adults.
FIFTH. 353— Furnished housekeeping; 3 con-
nectlng. $13; also single, $5 to $7.
FIRST, :s— Three front furnished sunny rooms,
suitable for housekeeping; $10 a month.
FELL, 118, near Van Ness — Sunny room, house-
keeplng if desired: single, $5; double. $8.
FOLSOM, 113G — 3* sunny rooms; complete for
S housekeeping.
FULTON. 121^-2 sunny front furnished rooms;
raJlye; water; large yard; rent $*.
GEARY, — Sunny unfurnished rooms; very
reasonable.
HOWARD, 704, cor. Third— Nice large furnished
rooms; also housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD, 761'j;— Sunny bay-window suite with
kitchen; man and wife; others; moderate.
IVY aye., 223, near Franklin— Nice, large, sunny
room; closet, stove; suitable housekpg. ; $5 60.
LARKIN, 326— Clean sunny housekeeping apart-
ments; $16 to $25 per month; central.
MARTHA PLACE, 2—2 well furnished sunny
rooms; complete for housekeeping: yard.
O'FARRELL. 20S— Three well-furniehed rooms
for housekeeping; also single rooms. :
POLK. 1532— Sunny furnished or unfurnished
rooms; suites. $7; single, $4; bath; parlor.
SEVENTH 192— One large unfurnished room;
housekpg. rms. & suites. MRS. PRAHL. prop.
STOCKTON. Co3— Nice sunny rooms, single or
double, furnished or unfurnished; housekpg.
• STOCKTON. 1307— Nice furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent cheap.
TENTH, 136 — 2 sunny housekeeping rooms;
■ yard; also front room; 2 gents.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
-1 1.-n ■■■■. st. •
; ROOMS TO LET Furn. and Infurn.
AN up-to-date new fireproof building — "San I
Antonio": opening Oct. 14; electric elevator;
hot and cold water; radiators and coal grates;
rates reasonable. 21 Taylor Bt., near Market.
A-BRUNa\VICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms
2oc to $1 per night: $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all nighty
■ AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)—
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
• CARROLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye. corner: well furn. rms. & offices.
CLIFI ORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 123 (United State- Hotel)— Clean, neat
rooms; $1 50 week up; elevator day and night.
; EDDY, 210— Two furnished parlors to let.
. FIFTH, 119. 2d flat (Mrs. Pearson)— fur-
nished bay-window room; good location.
. FRANKLIN. 21 (Newport)— Nice sunny bay-
window room for 2 young men; also housekpg.
. FULTON, 431— single front room for a gentle-
" , man. ■
, GEARY. 217— Furnished or unfurnished rooms;
j rent reasonable.
. GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Comfortable furn.
rooms;' travelers accommodated. MRS. HYER.
'. GOLDEN GATE aye.. Three unfurnished
rooms, pantry, bath: $13.
GRAND SOUTHERN — Southeast cor. Seventh
and Mission sts=.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladies' parlor: reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— Select family
rooming house: $1 50 to $6 per week.
HAWTHORNE, ISO— Single front room for gen-
I tleman: $.5 per month.
HOWARD, 715 200 sunny rooms: nicely fur-
nished; every convenience; electric lights.
HOWARD, 262S— A sunny' front room (private !
family); nice locality; bath; reasonable; ref- j
erences exchanged.
, HUGHES House, 214 Third— Newly renovated;
25c to 50c ; ■■:• night: $1 50 to $3 per week.
' LAG UNA, 1310, bet. Ellis and OFarrell—
rms. furnished; running water; priv. family.
LARKIN, 103— Large sunny furnished or un-
furnished offices or living rooms: reasonable.
; MrALLISTER. 702% — furnished or—iin-
furnished rooms; suite or single; private fam.
MINNA. €C 7. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
| bay-window room. $1 per week; transient.
NATOMA. 62—2 furnished housekeeping rooms;
$10 a montlu
OAK, 110— New elegantly furnished sunny bay-
window room, bath, gas; also single bedroom.
O'FARRKLL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk.,mo.
O'FARRELL, 639— Sunny pleasant rooms with
or without housekeeping privileges.
PINE. 91fV— Extra large alcove front room.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis Bt.— lncandescent
light, reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' <
parlor; rooms, per night, 3^c to $1 50; week, $2 |
to $S; month, $S to $30; elevator on office floor; j
rooms with hot, cold water; baths.
SEVENTH, 230 A —One large front room, with
j closet; nice new furniture; new house; rent $?.
SHKRMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth St., i
I near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH, 34— Nicely furnished sunny rooms; I
suite or single; reasonable.
EUTTER, 705— Office of late Dr. Robertson;
i other sunny furnished rooms.
THK Oaks, 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and ;
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
loncla st. - *
ROOMS WANTED.
LADY desires sunny furnished room; stationary
washstand; hot an.l cold water; on or near
i Van Ness aye., bet. Ellis and California sts.
Iress box 1993, Call office.
. | BY respectable lady; bet. Larkln and Kearny, j
' Market and Sutler: under $8. Box 904, Call.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 98 (50c per
share) of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COM-
; PANY will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market st., ion and after
WEDNESDAY, November L 1599. Transfer
books will ciose on THURSDAY, October 28,
1899. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
L «^_. _ _ r .. ._,_.,--.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
! ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged,' rented; re-
pairing at lowest rate*. 205 Fourth st.
~ SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $8; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 Third.
■ I BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
. i city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
, CO.. 4i . Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: t»i 5520.
I - •
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop..
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post, cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713.
TO LEASE.
PTOR 1 ? to lease.; Mission St., bet. First and
Second: lot 25x100. J. TOMKINS. " Minna.
WATCH REPAIRING.
WATCHES cleaned 75c; guaranteed 2 years.
The Roy Jewelry and Optical Co.. 540 Kearny.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1300- LOT 60x150, with large cottage of 6
rooms and bath; stable, windmill, tank. etc.
$2500— Ix)t 40x115; fine 2-Btory house 8 rooms
and bath; near station; must be sold at once;
worth $4000. 40x160, on Morton st., bet. the rail-
s2Boo- Lot 40x150, on Morton St.. bet. the rail-
: roads, with fine new modern cottage 7 rooms;
! $500 cash balace $25 per month.
$3350— Lot 40x150; Morton St.. near Santa
I Clara aye.; elegant new house of 8 rooms;
: $500 cash, balance $30 per month. Houses to
let In all parts of Alameda. . -
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park St.
GREATEST bargains ever offered In Alameda;
houses to rent In all parts of Alameda. E.
D. JTDD & CO.. 1424 Park Bt.
ALAMEI3A ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladles In delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1418 Sth.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL. WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 1, 1899.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR exchange for San Francisco property-
House of 7 room?; lot 186x125; within two
blocks of railroad and half block from electric
cars: price $4000. Apply J. J. MASON, ad-
joining Postofflce, Berkeley.
YOU sould see those new houses Just being fin-
ished in the Hillegass Tract; with all modern
Improvements; within 6 minutes' walk from
the university, and only 4 blocks from Dwlght
way station; lots 60x160; for sale either for
cash or easy terms. JOS. ' J. MASON, adjoin-
ing Postoffice, Berkeley.
SOUTH BERKELEY property, near station;
house of 7 rooms, easily adapted for two
families; bath, plenty water, windmill, stable,
etc. decided bargain. To see owner apply to
C, WILLMOTT, 918 Market st.
A NEW map of beautiful , Berkeley, showing
the proposed extension of the university
grounds, can be had by sending a 2c stamp to
JOSEPH J. MASON. Real Estate, adjoining
P. P.. Berkeley. - i .
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS— SI2S: lots In Fruitvale and San
Leandro Road Tract, near Fruitvale station;
electric cars, schools; homes built; easy
terms; nothing like them. 11. B. .PINNEY,
Agent,, room 9, 905 Broadway. Oakland.
FOR SALE— A bargain; $220; building lot near
Telegraph aye., North Oakland. R. J. MONT-
GOMERY. 470 Thirteenth et., Oakland.
FOR sals — New house of 9 rooms on Fruitvale
aye.; 10 minutes' walk from station; lot 9Sx
130; horse, surrey and cart and carpets: must
sell. Box Sll. Call.
OAKLAND HOUSES T8 LET.
HANDSOME residence, 9 rooms, bath, barn; 559
21th. Inquire R. Franke, 1622 Grove; rent low.
OAKLAND COTTAI.K TO LET.
FOR rent— slo 50; 2 cottages, 2 and 4 rms each;
city water: stable: lot 100x450; all fenced. R.
J. MONTGOMERY. 470 Thirteenth. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Shellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN the Superior Court of the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California. In the
matter of WESTERN BEET SUGAR COM-
PANY, a corporation, upon its application for
a Judgment of dissolution. Notice— Notice Is
hereby given that WESTERN BEET SUGAR
COMPANY, a -corporation organized and ex-
isting under and by virtue of the laws of the
State of California, and having Its office and
place of business In the city and county of
Ban Francisco. State of California, has filed
a verified application addressed to the Supe-
rior Court of the city ana county of San
Francisco, State of California, praying for
a Judgment of dissolution of raid corporation,
end that MONDAY, November 13. 1599, at 10
o'clock a. m.. at the courtroom of said court.
Department No. 2. In the City Hall of the
city and county or San Francisco, have been
appointed as the day, time and place for th»
hearing of raid application.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed the official seal of said Su-
perior Court this 10th day of October. 1899.
WM. A. CEANE. Clerk.
By E. M. THOMPSON, Deputy Clerk.
PROPOSALS.
varsity" of californiX
BERKELEY.
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS. BUILDERS
AND MATERIAL MEN.
Notice is hereby given to all concerned that
sealed proposals or bids are solicited for the
j erection of an addition to the Chemical Labo-
ratory building on the University grounds,
Berkeley, Cal., and for performing the labor
and furnishing the materials necessary there-
for; and said bids or proposals will be re-
ceived at the office of the Acting Secretary of
the Regents of the University, in South Hall,
Berkeley. Cal., at or before 3:30 o'clock p. m.,
of the 6th day of November. 1899.
And notice Is hereby further given that the
plans and specifications of said buildings have !
been made and adopted and are placed in the ,
office of Curlett & McCaw, architects, 314
Phelan building, San Francisco, where the
same may be seen and examined during each '
day, from 10 o'clock a. m. until 4 o'clock j
p. m., from this date until day of
No bids or proposals will be considered un-
less the same are accompanied by a certified
check or a bond of said proposer In the sum j
of ten (10) p?r cent of his proposal, with suf- i
ficient sureties, conditioned that. If said bid or
proposal shall be accepted, the party pro-
posing will duly enter Into a proper contract
to faithfully perform the duty and obligations
in accordance with said proposal., and plan
and specifications, which shall be and are
hereby required to be a part of such con-
tract. The right to reject any and all bids Is i
hereby reserved.
This notice is given pursuant to an act. en- j
titled "An act to amend an act entitled an
■act to create and organize the University of
California," approved March 25. ISC?, and an
act amendatory of section 25 thereof, approved
March 28. 1872, relating to the construction of
buildings, approved March 3. 1897.
By order of the Committee -on Grounds and
Buildings of the Board of Repents.
E. A. DENICKE. Chairman.
W A. McKOWEN. Acting Secretary.
Dated October 24, 1899. .
PROPOSALS for stone General depot.
Quartermaster's Department, 36 New Mont-
gomery street, San Francisco, October 31.
1599. Sealed proposals will be received at
this office until 11 o'clock a. m., on Decem-
ber 1. 1899, and then opened, for construction
of stone wall along southern boundary of
military reservation. Presidio of San Fran-
Cisco, in accordance with plans and specifica-
tions on file here, which can be seen on ap-
plication. OSCAR F. LONG, captain and
assistant quartermaster, U. S. A., depot
quartermaster.
UNITED STATES engineer office. Flood build-
lng, San Francisco, Cal., Oct. 2S, 1899. Sealed
proposals for furnishing and constructing
diverting channel for Bausal Creek, contigu-
ous to tidal canal, Oakland harbor, Cal., will
be received here until 12, noon, December 28,
1899. Information furnished on application.
W. H. HEUKR. Major. Engineers.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
MARRIED.
I ANI>i:KSST:>: In this city, October
30. 1899, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
John A. Anderssen and Anna Huldah Edler,
both of San Francisco.
SWANTON— In this city, October
31, 1899, by. the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson.
Clarence Herbert Swanton and Lolita Baettge,
both of San Francisco.
. DIED.
Beirne, John Hubosh, Joseph
Berry, William Keiffer, Charles
Driscoll. Patrick ' Kron. Oscar J.
Dubanowski, Vincent Norton, Malichl
Dunster, John H. Page. Mrs. E. A. 9.
Elkinß, Adellna M. Sullivan, William
Errickson, John Swanson, Freda
Fisher, Charles M. Sweeney, James E.
Fulton. Emily J. Sweeney, ' James P.
Haskell. John M. Talbot. Alexandre J.
" Herllhy, Vincent J. Watson. Henry J.
Hoffschnelder. Wll- Williams, Henry
Ham Jr. Wilson, Mary
i BEIRNE— this city, October 30, 1899, John
Beirne, a native of the parish of Kilmore,
County Roscommon, Ireland, aged 67 years.
(Butte, Mont., and Virginia City, Nev., pa-
pers please copy .
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors Of James McMenomey & Son. 1057
Mission street, near Seventh, thence to St.
James Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
BERRY— In this city, October 31, 1899, wil-
11am Berry, beloved brother of Mrs. Cath-
erine White and Mrs. Ellen Dyer, and
brother-in-law of Franklin White, a native
of Bundran, County Donegal, Ireland, aged
41 years.
DRISCOLL— this city, October 30. 1899, Pat-
rick Driscoll, beloved father of Daniel. James,
Johanna and Mary Driscoll, and j brother of
Daniel and Michael Driscoll and Mrs. Tim-
othy Hurley, a native of Valentia Island,
County Kerry, Ireland, aged 42 years.
Z rFrfends .and acquaintances are respect* |
fully invited to attend the funeral this .lay
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission
street, thence to Mission Dolores Church,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
DUBANOWSKI— In this city, October 30, 1899
Vincent Dubanoweki, a native of, Russia,
aged 84 years.
tC?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday.) at l o'clock.. from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
"Interment Presidio Cemetery. • •
DUNSTER— In this city. October 28. 1899. John
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
. (Successors to Flann«g«n & Gallagher),"
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
80 Firth St., opposite Lincoln ScnooL
■ : . Telephone South 80v
mcAVOY «fc CO.. I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS. I
1235 Market St.. between Bth and 9th. §
Telephone South247_^_^^^l
H., beloved husband of the late Isabella
Dunster, and father of George. Franklin J.,
T'vunas E. end Irene M. Dunster, a native ot
New York, ageu 4.") years.
tC.TFriemls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh ami Eighth, thence by 11
o'clock boat i creek route) to Oakland. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery.
ELKINS-In this city. October 31, 1599, Ade-
lina Martha Elkins, beloved mother of Maud
ami Pearl Elkins, a native of Portland, Or.,
ag«d 46 years 2 months and 1 day. (Port-
land, Or., papers please copy.)
(CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:10 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Charles H. Jacobs & Co., 31S Ma-
son street, between Geary and O" Farrell.
Cremation Cypress Lawn Cemetery; private.
ERRICKSON— In this city, October 30. 1899,
John Errickson. a native of Warnland,
Sweden, aged 37 years.
CCFrlends and acquaintances and members
of the Pacific Coast Marine Firemen's Union
are respectfully invited to attend the funeral
this day (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the
funeral uarlnrs of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
FISHER— In Newman. October 27, 1599. Charles
M . beli ved son of Benjamin D. and step-
son of Elizabeth Fisher, a native of Antloch,
Cal., aged X years 4 months and 6 days.
FULTON— In this city, October 31. 1899, Emily
.1 l^ilton. dearly beloved mother of John and
Robert Fulton and Mrs. John Irwln. a na-
tive of Gloversville, N. V., aged t>7 years 11
months and 20 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 939 Guerrero street, between Twenty-
first nnd Twenty-second.
HASKKLL- - In Plumas County, Cal., October
gT, 1899, J...hn Mare Haskell. a native of
Maine, aged 70 years and 10 months.
(C?* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), nr 2 o'clock, from Masonic Tem-
ple, San Francisco. Interment Masonic Ceme-
tery.
HEHLIHY— In this city, October 31, 1599, Vin-
cent J., beloved son of Denis c. and Mary B.
Herlihy, a native of San Francisco, ajjed 7
months and 7 days.
(ETTho funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the parents. 249 Minna street. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HOFFSCHNEIDHR— W this city, October 30,
William Jr., beloved husband of Minnie
H'lTschneider, fattier of Annie and Irene
HofTsclmeiiler. son of William and the late
Augusta Hoffschneider, brother of Annie. Ar-
thur, Qeorffe and Edward Hoffachnelder, and
nephew of Mrs. John H. Lem and Mrs. P. H.
Reeae, a native of San Francisco, aged 32
years and 4 months.
[CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully inviteOl to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at his
late residence, 22 Hartford street, between
Eighteenth and Nineteenth, Castro and Noe.
Interment Od.l Fellows' Cemetery.
HUBOSH— In this city, October 31, 1599, Joseph
Hubosh, a native of Bohemia, Austria, aged
ft years.
KEIFFER— In this city. October 30, 1599,
Charles Keiffer, beloved stepfather of Robert
Qeorffe Hirt and Henry Meyer, a native of
Alsace.
tTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of Charles J. B. Metzler. 63G Washington
Ftreet. Interment Injure! Hill Cemetery.
KRON— In thin city, October 31. 1599, Oscar J.,
beloved husband of rwtha Yung Kron, and
son of Mrs A. X and the late Jacob F.
Kp-in of Snnta Cruz, a native of California,
I 87 yean 2 months and 11 days.
The funeral services will take place
t< -morrow (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at Golden
Gate Hall. C 2". Butter street, under the aus-
pices of Golden c,.ite Commandery, Knights
Templar. Interment private.
N' 'KTi IN— ln this city, November 1. 1899, Mall-
,-l.i, beloved husband of the late Winifred
N irton, and fath<r of Frank. Charles F., Jo-
\ and the late MaJlchl and William
Norton, a native of County Roscommon, Ire-
land, a«ed 71 years.
f. of funeral hereafter.
PAGE In Alameda, October 31, IS9J, Mrs. E.
A B. Page, a native of Maine, aged 72 years.
SULLIVAN'— In this city, October 30. 1599, Wil-
liam, dearly beloved husband of Ellen Sulli-
van, a native of Ireland, aged 70 years and
6 months.
(tTThe funeral will take place this day
i \\ .rlnesday). at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence-, 1426 Washington street, thence to St.
Brigld's Church for services. Interment Holy
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
SWANSON— In this city, October 31. 1599,
Freda, beloved daughter of Erland and Ollle
Bwanson. a native of San Francisco, aged 4
months and 3 days.
SWEENEY— In this city. October 81, 1599,
James Edward, dearly beloved son of Mrs.
Margaret and the late George Sweeney, and
■ 1 bT.nher of the late Mrs. Maloney, a
native of San Francisco, aeed 41 years.
SWEENEY— In San Mateo County at Cottage
Mission Road, between Seven and Eight mile
houses, October 30, 1899. James P., beloved
husband of Annie Sweeney, and father of
c, Willie and Ethel Sweeney, a native of
County Cork, Ireland, aged 45 years.
CS'Frien.ls an.l acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), ftt B;1S o'clock, from his late
reaiilenoe, the Cottage Mlmlnn Road, between
Seven and Eight mile houses, thence to St.
Ann's Church. Colma, where a mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by electric funeral car from the
c.ittaee.
TALBOT— In this city, October 29, 1599. Alei-
andre J., beloved son of the late Alexandre
ami Bridget Talbot. and dearly beloved
brother of Henry, Fanny and Nellie Talbot.
Mrs. Annie O'Brien and the late Thomas and
Kattle Talbot, a native of San Francisco,
aeed 36 years.
(TTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Pa.-mv Undertakers, 777 Mission street.
near Fourth. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
WATSON— In this city, October 29. 1*99, Henry
Joseph, bei ived husband of Sarah E. Wat-
son, anJ father of Lorenza and Albert J. Wat-
son, a native of Preston. England, aged 49
y.'iirs 7 months and 16 days. (New Bedford,
Muss., papers rl^ase ropy.)
£ /"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at l o'clock, from the Holly
Park Presbyterian Church, corner California
n venue and Lizzie street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
WILLIAMS— IP this city, October 31, IW,
Henry, .learly beloved husband of Theresa
A. Williams, anrl beloved father of Harry A.
and I'hllip A. Williams, a native of London,
England, aged 77 years 10 months and 2 days.
C7"Frlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Thurx-
d;iy'». at 2 o'clock, at his late residence. 192.1
' '■ lavla street. Interment private. Please
omit flowers.
WILSON— In this city. October 30. 1899. Mary.
beloved wife of Thomas Wilson, and beloved
mother of Thomas F. anrl Robert .1. Wilson,
a native of Ballebore, County lv>negal, Ire-
land, a«ed 63 y.-nrs. (Sydney and London-
derry papers please copy.)
|_r Friends an.l acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the. funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10:15 o'clock, from her late
residence, 417 Bryant street. Interment by
train. Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
W D Buckley, Stockton:'' F Barclay & w, Pa
E L Wllholt, Stockton W R Tuttle & w, Cal
C H Poole, Boston G B Hollenbeck, Cal
A W Thompson, Boston L E Brookfield Aw, Cal
E X Swarm, Cal Miss F Brookfleld, Cal
H Chlnn, Marysville G Rrookfleld, Cal
Ii 3 Linden. Portland J H Wlnslow, Chicago
B Graußß, Callßtoga J R Russell, Ariz
J Bender, Boston W BalliP, Portland
W L Prltchard, Sacto B H Harrison & w, La
J D McGllvry, Denver Miss A Sherwood, La
II Thompson S3 Aca- A G Sherwood, La
pulco F Mella, Leavenworth
W D McPherson, Chic A Stundler, Kans
INS Kymmesly. Cal W Ralph, Alvarado
D F Boyd, U S N G N Stockwell, N T
Mrs S Jordan, N York F E Clark, Vlsalla
D J Mills, Menlo Park A N Judd, Watsonville
A M Thomas, PMSSCo G A Penman, S Jose
G H Andrews & w, Or J S Brown, Cal
E H Knapp, Boston C Williams, New York
B C Atkins. Shasta G H Cooper, Boston
J M Roberts, Cal M Carothers, Willets
P Kfttenrlng & w, De-'.T Hunter & d, Vallejo
fl a nce 'A Jordan & fy, Waah-
W W Turney, Campbell ington, D C
R P Turney. Campbell Capt Hoffman, USA
H Mcßae, Rossland Mr Lehman. Mont
\\ .T Barden, Bonora |P Gorman, Montreal
J L Clark, Los Angeles J L Ataver, Sacto
E Spencer. London G R Hand. Sacramento
W P McFall, S Knsa M Michael, IVoudland
F S Shennaan, <"al
PALACE HOTEL.
H S Zhveifel,' Zurich E S Stern, USA
Miss A Wiler & mald.'W W Foote, Oakland
Salt Lake jT W Henshaw OaklJ
C S Jones, Phila W 8 Wilson, USA
R B Marshall, Chgo ij A Chanslor, Oil City
Mr IM'. Marshall, ''hgo J R K-rr, Oil City
A Wetnvre, NY L X Nutting, Honolulu
B H Harrison N Orl« Mrs Nutting, Honolulu
Mrs Harrlsnn, N ' Tie Mis W S Tevis 4 chil-
A G Sherwood, N Orle; dren&mald, Cal
J McKee USA F Guntzler, Bakrfleld
J Finnell Tehama W M Gearham O City
J R Decote, Cal H Silver, Los Ang
Mrs J R Decote. Cal C G Weber, St Louis
J W Moore, Phila' F B Jackson, Eng
A J Mills. New York L Frank, New York
C II Mitchell, NY F O Carmaek, R Louis
J H Hloedel, NY R T Hanleon. Ballarat
A W Crockston Scotl'd I) Melone, Oak Knoll
H T Wills, ' Daws. >n B J 1 ,'risko, Boston
R C Cushman, Boston C R Mills, Boston
D A Ritchie Boston F H Brown, Melrose
A R Rosenberg. Boa'tb J Doyle, U S N
Mrs Rosenberg. Bos'tn W W Bush, U B N
DNS Haisey, Oakland G H Cooper, Boston
Mrs Halsey, Oakland C A Clapp, Boston
L Fields. Kentucky J C Carlisle. Boston
Mrs Fields. Kentucky •
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
D L King, Alcatrax [W G Hornberg. Vallejo
A Lohan San JoM C Koeler, Vallejo
I Burke, Btockton J P Hamlin, New York
C Carlson, Madera H Williams, Colo
I". I'uller, New Y"ork Mrs Hael, San Diego
C H McCartnay, NY EC Spaulding, in
C L Jackson. Seattle J Snyder. Seattle
J V Waesch, L Ang C V Cauffman. Seattle
H Schneider. Alaska IE B Crawford, N V
G E Peoples, Seattle 'H L Smith, Chicago
A Hollngren, Dawson
NO DANGER
OF POLICE
INTERFERING
Jeffries and Sharkey May
Punch at One Another
Without Molestation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 31.— There will be no
interference by the authorities at the
Jeffries-Sharkey heavyweight champiun
ship battle to take place at Coney Island
on Friday night. Chief of Police Devery
is authority for this statement. The Call
correspondent asked him about the ru
mor to the effect that he would stop the
big battle.
"There is absolutely no truth in it."
said the Chief. "1 have no idea of stop
ping- the bout. The Fitzsimmons- Jeffries
affair, held in the same clubhouse, was
properly conducted, and I have assur
ances from the oiilcials of the Coney
Island Club, which is a regularly incor
porated organization, that everything
pertaining to the match will be strictly
according to the Horton law. The po
lice arrangements will be very similar to
those that prevailed at the Jeffries-Fitz
simmons contest. I will probably take
personal command of the men at the ring
side."
Chief Devery's statement insures a fair
and square contest, with the decision go
ing to the bettor man.
To handle the crowd on Friday night
special trains will be run on th* Elevated
Road from the New York side of the
bridge, beginning at 6:30 o'clock, and will
run on a ten-minute headway. Trolley
cars on the New York side of the bridge
to the club's arena will be run every two
minutes. Especial provision has been
made by the trolley lines and the ele
vated road to care for those returning
to the city after the contest. ~
The clubhouse on Friday night will be
lighted by the apparatus operating the
moving picture machine. There will be
400 incandescent lights shedding brilliancy
on the ring. It was found in experiment
ing with the lights to-night that they
greatly enhanced the view of the men
in the arena- 
In the contest with the sailor Jeffries
will occupy the northeast corner, the one
he occupied when he defeated Bob Fitz
simmons for the championship of the
world. Sharkey will bit in the southeast
corner, the one occupied by Fftzsimmons
when Jeffries knocked him out. This
was agreed to at a meeting between
O'Rourke and Brady to-day. O'Rourke
wanted the southwest corner, because he
considered it a lucky one, as all of his
men fighting in that corner have proved
successful. As Jeffries won the cham
pionship from Fitzsimmons in the north
east corner he was very naturally pleased
with O'Rourke's selection.
Jeffries will be seconded in his fight
against Sharkey by Will Delaney, Tommy
Ryan, Dick Dolan. Jack Jeffries and
Brady. Sharkey's advisers will be Tom
O'Rourke, George Dlxon, Bob Armstrong
and Tim McGrath.
Both Sharkey and Jeffries have agreed
to weigh in before the battle begins so as
to let the public know exactly what each
man weighs. Jeffries probably will fight
at 212 pounds, while Sharkey probably
will weigh seventeen pounds less.
The big fight will be preceded by a ten
round bout between Kid Goulette of
Rochester and Tommy Moran of Brook
lyn. They will light at 128 pounds. Time
will be called at R:ls o'clock.
Jeffries and Sharkey have agreed to be
in the clubhouse at 9:15 and to enter the
ring at 9:45. The California Hercules will
come up from his training quarters at
Allenhurst on Thursday and will attend
the battle between "Will Curley of Eng
land and George Dixon of Boston, to take
place at the Broadway Athletic Club. On
Friday afternoon Jeffries will attend a
matinee at one of the local theaters,
leaving Immediately after thf> perform
ance for his hotel at Coney Island, where
he will remain until called to enter the
clubhouse.
Betting- on the big fight opened In earn
est at the Aqueduct race track to-day".
The biggest bot recorded was $1000 to $SOO
between Eole Pursall and Fred Walbaum,
the former laying the odds on Jeffries.
On account of tne storm to-day Jeffries
had to abandon his road work and confine
himself to training in the gymnasium at
Ashury Park. His exercises consisted as
usual of sparring, rope-skipping and bag
punching. Jfffrics worries little ab<>ut his
fight with Sharkey, feeling confident that
he will have no trouble in disposing of
the sailor.
Dr. F. F. Coleman of Asbury Park ex
amined Jeffries to-day and said he w.is
one of the best-developed men he ever'
saw. The doctor further said the Call
fornian's wind was good and his heart
sound as a bullet.
Little credence is given the report that
Jeffric-s has sent a commission of $5000 to
this city to bet on himself. He told me
only a few days ago that he would not bet
a cent on the fight, and gave these reas
ons: That if he lost, which he did not
think likely, although such a thing was
possible, he would be out the amount of
the figure, and might see the time when
he would need tho money. If he won. a
few thousand would make little difference,
as he would have money enough without
the bet.
Delaney was in New York to-day on
business connected with the fight. His
plans have not been made public, even If
they have been matured.
Sharkey, at bis training , quarters at
Newdorp, to-day put in mrat of his time
bag-punching and boxing -with Armstrong.
He doea not s^m to need another hour's
preparation, and is in as fine trim as any
pugilist that ever entered a ring, so far
as the eye can tell.
If he is as well trained in science as he
is bodily, he ought to put up a groat bat
tle. His handler? are all as confident as
their principal, and their talk is of the
kind that seems somewhat calculated to
make the former sailor overconfident. He
does not appear to have succumbed to
this, however, and says he knows he has
a hard proposition on his hands when he
pits himself against Jeffries, but Insists
ne will win.
For More Sports See Page Four.
Builders' Contracts.
John G. and Agnes M. Agar (trustees, own
err, by A. S. Baldwin, attorney), with Gray
Bros, (contractors), nrrhitect. Frank S Van
Trees — Concrete foundation walls, piers and
footings for a two-story brick building on W
line of Mason street, 62:6 N Turk, W 105 by
N 75.
Nettie C. Burnetts (owner) with James B.
McKenzle (contractor), plans by owner—Alter
ations and additions to make a three-story
frame building (flats) on E line of Hyde street,
87:6 S of Ellis, S 25 by E 110:7: $5610.
C. J. and Sarah J. Cheney (owners), with
Joseph F. Dolan, William A. Newsom and
Stephen McNeil (contractors), architect Dan
P. Dolan— Grading, carpenter and brick work,
plastering, painting and plumbing for a one
story and basement cottage on W line of Ninth
avenue. 125 N of O street, N 25 by W 120; $1200.
Sarah A. Waters (owner), with Denke Bros.
(contractors), architect All work for a
two-story frome dwelling on lot 24, block 1,
Marion tract (Hospital lot): $4423.
J. S. Morgan & Sons (owners), with Cahlll &
Hall Elevator Company (contractors), archi
tect? Havens & Toepke — All work for erection
of electric freight elevator and one hydraulic
elevator for a five-Story and basement brick
building on SW line of Second and Stevenson
streets, 25 on Second by 95 on Ptevensoh; $1843.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page 8.
twrnty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
.WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 1.
PnOTJ^ lrTtheaboveexpoßStton of the tides
the early . morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second ; lime column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are bu
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the : soundings on the
the city " front (Mission-street wharf) about
United States Coast Survey charts, except
•when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts, j The plane of
reference la th« mean of the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
October 31, 1599.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
Duilding was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., In charge.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
S flipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, October 31.
Stmr China, Seabury. days from Hong
kong, via Yokohama and Honolulu.
Stmr Corona, Debney, 62 hours from San
Diesro, etc.
Stmr Luella, Miller, 27 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Curacao, Yon Helms, 12 days IS hours
from Guaymas, via Ensenada 48 hours.
Stmr San Pedro, Zaddart, 27 hours from Eu
reka, bound tp San Pedro; put In to land pas
sengers. •
Br stmr Flintshire, Dwyer, IS days from
Mororan.
Ger war stmr Geier, Jacobsen. from cruise.
Nor stmr Tellus, Pedersen. 96 hours from De
parture Bay.
Br whip Metropolis, Richards, El days from
Newcastle, NSW.
Schr Volunteer, Bressem, 18 days from Ta
coma.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, October 31.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Br Btmr Robert A damson, Morgan, Nanalmo;
John Rosenf eld's Sons.
Bktn S N Castle, Hubbard, Honolulu; J D
Sprockets & Bros Co.
Bktn Quickstep, Hansen, Kahulul; Alexander
& Baldwin.
BAILED.
Tuesday, October 81.
Stmr Coos Bay, Glelow, San Pedro.
Rtmr Pomona. Shea, Eureka.
Stmr San Pedro, Zaddart, San Pedro.
Stmr Whltesboro, Olsen, .
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Scotia, Jacobs, Rockport.
Br stmr Robert Adamson, Morgan, Nanalmo.
Ger war Btmr Geier, Jacobson, .
Br ship Cambrian Hills, Cape Town.
Bark Harry Morse, Fullerton, Seattle.
Schr Newark, Beck, Bowens Landing .
Bchr Mary Etta, Anderson, Bowens Landing.
Schr Archie and Fontle, Jensen, Timber Cove.
£*hr Mary Buhne, Krebs, Eureka.
Schr Reliance, Skipper, .
Srlir Nettle Low. Low. Point Reyes.
•S chr Maxim, Olsen,, Caspar.
Schr Rio Bey, Johnson, .
Schr San Buenaventura, Lankilde, Grays
Harbor.
Schr Gem. Nelson, Coos Bay.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Oct 31, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind NW; velocity 8 miles.
SPOKEN.
Sept IS, lat 11 N. lon 2G W— bark Jules
Verne, from St Mazarie, for Oregon.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON, Oct 31— Br ship Scottish Hills, at
Calcutta, from Port Blakeley, reports details
of Kale encountered May 2. Started stanchions.
Jettisoned deck load; subsequently was struck
by tornado and sails blown off; thrown on
beam ends and wheel carried off; sprung leak
and other damage.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Oct 30— Stmr
Ellhu Thomson, from Honolulu. Oct 31— Bark
Prussia, hence Oct IS. for Port Blakeley; schr
Gen Siglen, from Alaska; U S stmr Bear, from
Bering Sea.
Sailed Oct Bark Bis Bonanza, for Mel
bourne. Oct 30— Haw ship Euterpe, for Fre
mantle.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 31— Schr Esther
Buhne, hence Oct 26; stmr Laguna, hence Oct
30.
Sailed Oct 31— Scbr Bertha Dolbeer, for San
Pedro[ . •
ROCKPORT— Arrived Oct 31— Stmr South-
Coast, hence Oct 30.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Oct Stmr Noyo, for
San Francisco. .
CASPAR— Oct 31— Stmr Cleone, hnc
Oct 30.
ASTORlA— Arrived Oct Bktn Tarn o'
Shanter, hence Oct 24.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Oc t Schr
Charles E Falk. from Eureka.
VENTURA— SaiIed Oct Stmr Rival, for
San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Sailed Oct Stmr South Port
land, tor San Francisco; stmr Empire, for San
Francisco; schr Daisy Rowe, schr Neptune and
schr Ivy. for San Francisco.
Arrived Oct 27— Stmr Falcon, hence Oct 7.
Oct 31— Stmr Alliance, from Eureka.
TILLAMOOK— SaiIed Oct 31— Schr Ralph J
Long and schr Maggie C Russ, for San Fran
cisco.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Oct Schr Uranus,
hence Oct 1. *
SEATTLE — Arrived Oct 31 — Stmr Elihu
Thomsen, from Honolulu; U S stmr Bear, from
St Michael.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Oct 31— Stmr
Navarro, from Bowens Landing.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SAND HEAD— Br bark Orion, from Che
malnus. for Calcutta.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived Oct 31— Br ship
Mistily Hall, from Oregon.
KINSALE— Passed Oct 31— Br bark Strath
don, hence June 10. for Liverpool.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Oct 31— Br ship Cedar
bank, hence June 3. Oct 29— Br ship Rhuddlan
Castle, from Tacoma. ■•
LONDON— Oct 80— ship Mount Stu
art, for Port Townsend. ■ ••
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Oct 20— Br stmr Mon
mouthshire, for Oregon. Oct 31— Jap stmr Nip
pon Maru, for San Francisco.
CARDlFF— Arrived Oct 29— ship Severn
bank, from Tacoma. ,
FALMOUTH— Arrived Oct 30— Br bark Brus
sels, hence . May 28.
CALDERA— SaiIed Oct 27— ship Alster
kamp. for Oregon.
HONOLULU— Arrived Oct IS— Ship Geo Cur
tis, hence Oct 8: bark S C Allen, hence Oct 8.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Oct hSip
Eclipse, for Honolulu.
DEPARTURE Arrived Oct 31— Stmr
Farallon, from Skaeuay, etc.
SHANGHAI— Arrived Oct 30— Br stmr Em
press of Lndia. from Vancouver. .
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
QtTEENSTOWN— Arrived Oct 31— Stmr Waes
land, from Philadelphia, for Liverpool, and
proce* I
LOGNE— Arrived Oct 31— Stmr Mnasdam,
from New York, and arrived at Rotterdam at
MANlLA— Arrived Oct 30— Stmr Glenoirle,
fr^n Ban Francisco.
SYI'NI'Y. NSW— Arrived previous to Oct 31 —
Stmr Mariposa, from San Francisco.
SHANGHAI— Arrived Oct 30— Stmr Empress
of India, from Victoria, etc.
GLASGOW— Arrived Oct 31— Stmr Anchoria,
from New York.
NEW YORK— Sailed Oct 31— Stmr Tauric, for
Liverpool: stmr Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse,
for Bremen, via Cherbourg; and Southampton.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Hoi/NT Tamalpais scenic railway
lieav* Sun Francisco via Sausallto ferry.
Commencing SUNDAY. October 1. ISM.
WEEK DATS- 9:30 a. m. and 1:43 p. m.
BUN DAYS— B.OO, 10:00 a. m. and 1:15 p. tn.
Faro 8. P. to Surrmlt and Return, $1 40.
THO3. COOK & SON. AgU., 621 Market St.
y^ 7^. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
firaJe^l*** 2 ' 5 ?3 EABS * - ST - Established
f^li l n , iIS:S4 fOl "tliP treatment of Private
§0^ Gibbon's Dispensary,
♦>25 KEARXY M.T. Established
,ln 1834fortbetrpatnientof Private
Plseasps, Lost Munhood. Debility or
jwSESNNgRft disease wearing oji body and mind and
•Skin Diseases. The rioctorcureswheii
others tall. . Try him. Charges low -
|(nrc»«ru»r»ni*fd. Callorwrlte.
_ Or. J, * . IBBON, Box 1937. San Frunclaco
BAILROAD TRAVEL. "
SOVTHKRN »*ACBFIC t'OMPAJIT.
(PACIFIC BVSTEM.)
Trains leave »ml itr« <!■•« to nrrlve itl
SAX IltAN«l««*O.
' (Main Lit*, Foot of Market Street)
leave — From October 29, 1899. — aRBIV
•7:00 a Eenicia, Euisun and Sacramento.... *7:45p
?.lir>B»il!e. Oroville via WoWiand, ■■
Elmira, Vacavillo and Kumsyy . . . , •7:43r
•7:OOa Shasta Express- Davis, Willows,
Rod Bluff, Portland •7:45*
•7:»«\ Martinez, Ramon, Vallejo, Napa, •-•_'
Calistnga and Sauta Rosa »BiIO»
•S:«OATho Overland Limited— Ogden,
00-.aha, Chicago •5:I5»
•»::io* Sail ,)uBC, Livermore, Stockton,
{one Sacramento. PlacerTille,
Miujsvillo, Chico, UedJtluir MxlSr
»*B©A "Milton, Oakdale and Sonora ** : Ji* p
•0:00* Haywards, Kiles and Way Stations. # l •:•»•»*
♦OiOOa Adacti: r.xpress-ogdeu and East *»:45a
•O:OOa Martinez. Tracj-, LatUrop. Stockton, j
■ - ; Merced aud Kresno .' I2:lsp
•!»!«(»* PortCoeti. 1 i.ran, Alojhvo and I.us
Anc«lcii »0:45p
•IO:O«A Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations *7:l!ip
•1 I:tM»A Uoywards, Niles and Way Stations. •2:*»P
•12:00 m Kiles, Llvermore, Stockton, K:icra-
meiito, Mcndota, lianford, Visalia,
PcrterTllle lt''l% r
|l:OOp Sacramento Ithr«rBbeitra«n fStOOp
•3:OOi- Haywards, Hi a and Way Stations. , •3j*3p
••»!«« i- Martinez, Hau Kaniou, Vallejo,
Napiv, O«ll toga, Santa How »UilaA
•4tO»p Beulcla, Vacatiilc, Sacraiiiento,
Woodland, Knights Lauding,
Marysville, Oro»ille »1 O:4»a
•■lilOpNlles,Han.lri!ioaiicl.St(>cl<ton ».:1»F
•r>:OOpTl!" Owl Liaaitcd— Tracy, Fresco.
'Bakersaeld, tJatigw for Santa liar-
txira, Los Aukclos " 1 > ! ' I 3 A -
•s:3op Stockton. Mcrci->l. Tresno •I2:lar
•S:UOp Fresno, l!al:cr?iit!d, Santa Rarlwra,
Los Adrolos, Doming, El Ta^o,
Now Orleans and East »S«4S*
•»i»op Smita Va Itonle— Atlantic Kxiirees '
forMoJnto and Kn.it I- !4:>p
•5:00p Itay wards, and Kan Jose i : .2*
1«:»or Vallejo....' .2 : '?. P
•0:30? Oriental Mail-Ogdcn ar,d Best ..... ******
♦7:00? Vallfjo, Port Cost* and Way Shi-
*.'; tions.... J»:33P
•8;05i- Oregon and Calif, lOxi.kkh.Suc- '
rmncnlo. MarjsTlllo, IttiMiiig, •'
l'drtlniiil. I'nc't Smni'l nnd I'liKit *X:1»A.
COAST IHTI^IOS (Sarfbit Oaiigo);
. (Foot of Market Street.)
•»tl»ANewatk.Oentor»ill , ■■'.
EoulderCrcok,SantaCrii7.nnin\ay
■ . Station ...•••■•■• »3«50p
t2ilSp Newark, Oontorvllle, San Jobo, Now
Almaden Felton, Boulde« Orcct,
Sr.nta Cm* and Principal Way
. tiolir . \ L? : 2 ,! A
: i: sp Newark, Han Jos.-, Lcs Gstpi • •»»«•*
611:t.1r Hunters' Excursion, San Jose find
WayStati.-.'-s t«iSOg
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
FromSAN FttMiCISCO— Foot or tlarliot Street (Gli? 8)—
♦7:15 0:00 1:00 a.m. 11:00 *2:03 $3:00
•«:00 15:03 ♦6:00 p.m.
From 01KU Foot or Broiulwuv.— 8:00 10:00*. M.
tl2:00 «1:00 t2:00 *3:CO 11:00 '5:00 p.M.
COAST IU VISION (Broad (huge).
(Third :>nd Towiiaeml St^.)
<O: lOa Ocean View. South Han Francisco. . t«:»OP
•7:OOa San Jo«e and Way Stations (New
Alinadcu Wednesdays only) *l:30p
•0:00 a San Jose, Tres Pliiog, Kanta Cruz,
Pacific Grote. I'aso llnMca, Ban
I, His Olilspo, Hurf, Lompcc and
. Principal Way Stations M»jM»»
•|Oj«OASau.loM>nnd Way Stations 11i : 27.t
•ll::tOA San Jose and Way Stations..;..... •»«3Op
t»:4srB«n Mateo, ttedwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Sauta Clara, Sun .li -,
Tvea Finos, Santa Crux. Salinas,
Monterey ami l'aci lie Grove M>:36a
r.l:'Me San .lose and Way Stations 1,V,-
-41:15p Principal Way Stations *U:J->A
43:«»0p Son Jose and Principal Way Stations t»i««A
•s::tOi> Ban .Tosoaud Principal Way Stations »:•«•>*,
•«:30pSan Joso uud Wuy Stations S:< A
i)ll:ir,p San .1. -■■•mid Way Stations ««:.tOp
A for Morning. 1' for Afternoon.
"Daily t Sunday exoepted I Sunday only.
6 Saturday only.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN £Y. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tibnron Farry, Foot of Market 6t>
SAX FRANCISCO "'i'O SAN RAFAEL.
VSJ:EK DATS-7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:59
and ll:ao d. .m.
SUNDAYS— ?:OO, 0:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 8:30,
6:00. f!:20 p. m.
I SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 8:40, 5:05.
6:25 d. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
lame BCh<xiule as above.
Leave I Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
• j October 15,
Week Sun-, 1 1899. Sun- Week
Days. days. | Destination days. Days.
7:30 am 3:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pmi 9:30 am' Petaluma. | 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton.
T:SO am 'Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburgr,
Lytton.
Geyserville,
»s3O pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
~—^— ~- — .— — — i . _«__^
7:80 am Hopland and
8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am | 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm j 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
; and j
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. , 6:05 pmj 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pm 5:00 pm 1 ] 7:35 pm; 6:22 pm
Stapes connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton,
for Lytton Spring: at Geyserville for Skaggfl
Springs; at Clcverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day'?. Riverside, Lierley's,
Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Hetg-hts, Hullvllle, Orr's
Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg-,
Westport, X'sal, Willltts. Laytonville, Cum-
tnlng's, Bell Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round trio tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St.. Chronicle bldg.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
General Manager Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa 1 c Route
W^ > c I I M*" "Was
(I /^"™""i EL PAsa
PfuOSANGEXR. *PHOEr::jJ
j^SAN FRANCISCO TO CHiCAGO
" THB MOST COMFORTABLE WaY
ACROSS THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULL-
MAN PALACE AND PULLMAN UP-
HOLSTERED TOURIST CARS LEAVE
OAKLAND MOLE FOR CHICAGO AND
THE EAST. TAKE MARKET STREET
FERRY AT SSO P M.
DINING ROOMS AND DINTNG
CARS ARE MANAGED BY MR FRED
HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL. '
Read Do-wn. VALLEY ROAD. Read Up.
•7:20 am 1 510 :30 am I Stockton i t3:40 pmi 6:00 pm
9:10 an: 5 2:05 pro Merced ¥12:10 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am i 6:81 pm Fresno t3:00 am 2:42 pm
11:38 am § 7:45 pm Hanford t";<:0 am 1:45 pm
2:35 pm $12:30 am Bakersfleld §1:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 am :25 pm Visalia §5:20 ami 1:22 pm
12:15 ptnl tf:s3 pm Tulare i 54:23 am »l:05 pm
•Dally. tExcept Sunday. §Except Monday.
■ San Francisco Ticket Office, 62S Market St.;
Tel. Main 1531.
Oakland Office, 111? Broadway.
.Sacramento Office, 201 J st.
I San Jose Office. 7 West Santa Clara st.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Saasalito Ferry.
Commencing October 1. ISB9.
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
1 - AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— *7:OO. »9:30. 11:00 a. m.; »1:45.
•3:40, 5:15. 6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San Ra-
fael., on Monday*. Wednesdays and Saturdays.
at 9:00 and 11:30 p. ™iO:00. 11:30 a. m.; I:tS.
SUNDAYS— «S -00. '^00. »ll:30 a. m.; 1:1^
8:15, •4:46. 6:30. 9:00 p. m. ~-
Trains marked (•) run to San QtienUa. _ »
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-6:23. »6:35, 7:45, »9:40 a. no.;
•32:30, 2:15, *3:40, »5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Eaturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
BUNDAYS-6:20. '8:00. •10:00. »11:45 a. m.5
•1:40 »8:15. 4:45. »8:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:45. 8:45. 7:55. 9:45 a. m.3
12 S5 2 35. *:*5. 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS or. Mondays, Wednesdays and
Eatunlayß at 7:00 arid 10:2U A a* tai. .:3a.
SUNDAYS-8:06. 10:05 a. m. ; 12:05, 2:15. 1:30,
,:CO. 6:46 p. ™ HnovGU TRAINg .
* • THROUGH TRAINS.
t-00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way station*.
1:4? p. m. — Tomales and ""ay stations.
t;H) a, m, Sundays— Tomalea and way autlgoa.
1112
VICTORY FOR HORACE DAVIS IS ASSURED
Phelan Tries to Hush
the Truth.
Shameful Betrayal of the
People in Geary's
Selection.
WHEN Phelan and Rainey saw
that they were losing ground
In a decent-honorable con
test, they resolved to aban
don clean politics and bring
out the old-fashioned mud
brigade. Rainey Is now out for Phelan.
having been assured that ha will not be
disturbed in the management of the Fire
Department If Phelan wins out. The, new
contract between the fat boss and Phelan
perhaps extends to the management of
iblic schools under the new charter.
Phelan balks at nothing in the path of j
his political ambition. He denies all !
knowledge of the preconcerted plot to j
hound Horace Davis, and hlB denial is
given for what It Is worth. The Call Is !
In possession of Information directly at j
variance with Mayor Phelan's statement j
that he was not Informed by Rainey in 1
advance of the interview between Horace !
Davis and Martin Kelly that the inter- '
view had be<n appointed. The consplra- i
tors wpre disappointed when they ascer
tained that Mr. Davis would make- no |
. ■•■s of official patronage.
m Rainey, who was condemned by the !
Examiner and Phelan as the most odious j
and ignorant b< ss that ever brought dis- I
grace to politics in Pan Francisco, is In!
Phelan'a fight up to his neck, and enjoys !
the special confidence of the Democratic j
nominee for Mayor. Phelan. Dodge and I
Lane get out before the people and make j
anti-boss speeches, promising good gov- j
eminent under tlie new charter, but the i
real business of the campaign is done at
the St. George stables, and Stun Rainey
Is th<' boss.
Mayor Phelan Is busily engaged between
and the sessions on Rainey 's ■
detective agency. In efforts to ch>»ck the '
Dei trom his stand- '<
ard. He has been called to account for j
knitins M. C. Haley in the Democratic !
convention and depriving that gentleman j
of a nomination fairly won.
Ugly f riots are coming to light concern-
Ing the ungrateful conduct of the Mayor
In this disgraceful political transai
The Mayor is strenuously at work to sup
press the truth. Delegates to the con
vention are enjoined to preserve the
Strictest silence, but so many indignant
protests have been uttered that the truth j
cannot be suppressed. Maurice Lowen-
Btein, a delegate to the convention, did in- j
form Phelan at Native Sons' Hall the
night that Haley was knifed by the Mayor
was unsavory. The
• !all that Gavin Me- -
Nab intervened to prevent the Mayor from I
iry on the convention, but Mr.
McNab denies the statement that he ad- j
against the nomination of the said
A straight story is told by Colonel ,
William MacdonaJd and George W.
Turner that places Geary in a sorry j
light. Through Colonel Macdonald's
influence Geary, who was a good drill j
sergeant and a Democrat, was kept in
the Mint for a long time by General !
W. H. Dimond, the Republican super- I
intendent. When the force at the !
Mint was diminished and Geary had
to be let out he was taken into i
Colonel Macdonald's insurance office i
and given employment. Subse
quently Geary sought to sell to Mr.
Turner, the manager of another in
surance company, information ob
tained in Colonel Macdonald's office.
When Geary was confronted with the
facts of his treachery he confessed
his g-uilt.
Will Phelan now confess?
The Call believes from all the facts I
obtainable in the case that delegates !
in the convention were endeavoring !
to present Mayor Phelan the trus j
history of Geary's record when the \
Mayor impatiently waved them
aside, uttering the remark: "Geary i
may be a scrub, but we must do poli- i
tics and put him on the ticket."
Colonel William Macdonald, the
manager of one of the insurance com
panies concerned, and George W.
Turner, the manager of the other,
were positively informed that the
protests were made to the Mayor
the night Geary was nominated.
The Call knows that Phelan sent
for one man to smooth over this
transaction, and knows further that
strenuous efforts are being made it
Democratic headquarters to hush tlio
mouth of every delegate familiar
with the facts.
Mayor Phelan cannot plead ignor
ance of this transaction. Reputable J
POLITICAL. ________
THE WELFARE OF OUR CITY.
Horace Dav!s deserves the support of every man who has the welfare of the
city and the State at heart, Irrespective of party. He is a man of exceptional
ability, la thoroughly in accord with the necessities of the municipality and emi-
nently quail to undertake and execute the many public improvements under
contemplation. As a leading member of the charter convention he is thoroughly
versed in the provisions of that instrument, and, therefore, fully able to In-
augurate the new system of government. There is a further reason why every
Republican should remain steadfast to the party principles at this time above all
others. Wen the Democrats to have the naming of the army of appointees un-
der the charter it would intrench them bo firmly that California's position in
the Republican column would be Jeopardized In 1900.. There must be no back-
eliding this year.
Will MakeJJodel Mayor.
I cannot Indorse the candidacy of Horace Davis for Mayor too strongly. His
life has been a model that every young man should strive to follow. With him
directing the destinies of San Francisco the people will be assured of an honest,
clean progressive administration. The nomination of Horace Davis appeals to
cverv Republican with especial force; there will not, must not, be any hesitancy
in rallying to his support. Political exigencies alone, without consideration of
his personal worth, demand his election. Too much is at stake to intrust the
" municipality in the hands of our opponents any longer. By allowing them to put
Into operation the new charter it would make their position in the city and State
Impregnable for years to come. Republicans must work this year as they have
never worked before for the success of their ticket.
'■--■■: .... •■■':_ r .. .T. w , ■ ■ ■ .■
WATER-FRONT VOTERS
CHEER HORACE DAVIS
HORACE DAVIS and his fellow candidates on the Republican ticket never received a heartier reception than that
accorded. them last night at Sailors' Union Hall. East and Market streets. That particular vicinity has long
been regarded as the center of a Democratic stronghold. When James G. Magulre addressed the voters tnere
last year they fairly raised the roof for him. Last night they raised It for Horace Davis and the Republican
party. The particular reason, as voiced by one of the speakers, was that James G. Magulre this year was not mi-
Ing "his voice for the Democracy advocated by the opponents of Mr. Davis and the other Republican candidates.
"Where is James G. Magulre In this campaign? Where is William Broderick and Harry Creswell and others wno
pleaded the cause of the Democrats last year?" were the questions asked. "Are they advocating the election ortne
Phelan ticket?" and the answer came from the large audience, "Not much! 1 ' That is why Mr. Davis and his ienow
candidates were cheered by the men who voted last year for James G. Magulre.
James E. Murphy, one of the many men that have worked for Horace Davis, furnished one of the pleasant Inci
dents of the meeting, when he arose unsolicited to tell of the good deeds done for the poor by Horace Davis.^ Mr.
Murphy Is no orator, but no orator so far in this campaign has made such a telling plea to the working classes ror
"I'm working for Uncle Sam now," he said, "and he's the best man I ever worked for with the exception of Hor
ace Davis."
And the stories he told of Davis 1 generosity to the poor fully bore out the statement.
In opening the meeting Chairman J. J. Donahue paid a splendid tribute to the Republican candidate for Major.
"Horace Davis," he said. "Is the man who fought our battles for us in the halls of Congress when Chinese im
migration threatened our shores. You owe it to yourselves to elect him. If we do not we'll die In his debt.
"Well do it!" "Never fear!" "Rah for Davis!" and no signal was necessary to start the three rousing cheers
that gr««ted the name heading the Republican- ticket. •».•♦
Colonel T. V. Eddy, who was the first of the speakers of the evening, began his remarks with the statement that
In his opinion this was the most important municipal election in the history of San Francisco. Mr. Phelan ana nis
organs were trying, he continued, to make the people believe that there was only one question at issue, and that was
me "Thei"r statements to this effect," he said, "are nothing but fustian and subterfuge, cheap claptraps of dema
gogue politicians. Does Mr. Phelan pretend to say that San Francisco will be deprived of home rule if so be that
the Republican candidates shall be elected? No; he knows better. No; he knows that is false pretense ban t ran-
Cisco has always had home rule, and If at times that rule has been corrupt the blame must rest upon the shoulders
th "What^s the issue In this campaign? It is not home rule-it is the question who shall rule. It is a question
whether or not you will place the administration of this city's affairs in the hands of James D. Phelan and his party, or,
on the other hand, you will trust your affairs In the hands of Horace Davis and the Republican party.
"Horace Davis "is the foremost citizen to-day of San Francisco. He has fought always the battles of the people
without fear or favor. In the halls of Congress he fought for the law against Chinese Immigration, although by doing so
he was threatened with the loss and did lose his trade with the Orient, amounting to no less than $250,000 a year From
the day he voted against Chinese immigration to this he has never sold a pound of flour in the Orient. He Is your
friend; he Is the man I ask you to vote for! Will you do it?"
A chorus of "We wills" swelled Into cheers for the Republican candidate for Mayor in answer to the question.
"You should." replied Colonel Eddy, "and I firmly believe you will."
In conclusion the speaker called attention to the attitude toward the Phelanltes of men formerly high in the councils
of Democracy. , ,«_.».« t™,,
"I want to ask any Democrats that may now be in this hall." he said, "where your leaders are to-night? Will you
tell me where that great, able leader of the Democracy, Hon. James G. Magulre. is to-night? Is he supporting Mr. Phe
lan In this campaign? Not much. Where Is William Broderick and Harry Creswell and other distinguished Democrats,
who were wont to be in the forefront of battle? Why are they not behind Phelan in this fight? I will tell you. It is
because they know that James D. Phelan does not represent Democratic principles in this campaign. It Is because he
represents Phelanlsm. not Democracy." "
Congressman Julius Kahn. who was received with great applausf. spoke only a few moments. He said that while the
Phelanltes decried the raising of national issues, the people of San Francisco could not forget that this city's present
prosperity was due to the policy of McKinley. He asked if the voters of San Francisco were prepared to slap that ad
ministration In the face by failure to return the Republican candidates,
A new speaker appeared in the campaign in the person of James E. Murphy, a painter on the Government trans
ports' who worked eight years for Horace Davis and came voluntarily to testify to the warm heart the Republican can
didate for Mayor had and has for the poor.
"I am a laboring man," he said, "painting transports for I nele Sam— and let me tell you now that Lncle Sam is a
mighty good man to work for. He is the best man I ever worked for with the exception of Horace Davis. I worked for
him Herht years, and I know."
When cheers at the heartfelt utterance had subsided, Mr. Murphy drew more and more with his stories of the good
deeds be had seen performed by Davis, whose hand was ever ready to help the poor. The speaker was nut polished in
his remarks, but his story appealed to his hearers.
"I worked for him eight years." he repeated, "and I take pleasure now in recommending him to every man in San
Francisco. He knows our necessities. He's born a laboring man; he has earned many a dollar with his coat off; he
knows the wages a working man needs to support wife and babies and he's always paid them. He is in touch with us.
He has always been a friend of the poor."
Mr. Davis, John Laekmann, Charles 11. Jackson, A. P. Black, William A. Deane and other candidates addressed the
meeting, which did not adjourn until after 10 o'clock.
men told him that Geary -was a
traitor to his employer and benefac
tor—told him that Geary had be
trayed a trust and offered to sell the
secrets of his benefactor, but Phelan,
the boss programmer, pushed them
aside with the declaration, "We are
doing politics now and must put a
man with shoulder-straps on the
ticket."
The Call submits the proposition
to th€ conscience of every good citi
zen whether Phelan did not in his raw
work of forcing the nomination of
Geary for County Clerk under these
circumstances betray the people cf
the city in order to advance his own
political ambition. Phelan had
knowledge of Geary's bad record, but
he thought he could suppress tha
truth, fool the people and catch the
soldier vote.
Mayor Phelan ran talk in a gracious
?tvl""to a meeting of citizens, but when
it comes to doing practical politics behind
the s=cenes of a convention n<- is the raw
est programmer that ever cracked a whip.
He can crack the whip over cringing
Democrats and line up the weak. l>ut he
makes a mistake when he attempts to
swing the lash over the heads of Repub
licans. The arrogant declaration that he
would if chosen Mayor, exclude from the
municipal commissions under the new
charter all Republicans who introduced
national issues in the campaign, was the
threat of a tyrant. Wbere does Hielan
get the right to tell the 80.000 Republicans
of San Francisco what issue they shall
,i>Mder "On what meat doth this our
Cae«nr feed that he has grown so great?
Ho defines every utterance in favor or up
holding the magnificent administration of
President McKinley as treasonable, and
calls every Republican who fails to march
under the Phelan banner a traitor to the
row charter. He gete this notion of raw
politics from the St. George stables.
It may be well enough for Democrats
who have lost their manliness and inde
pendence to vote for Phelan and a ra-es
taUishment of the Rainey regime, but for
Republicans to countenance or consider
the proposition to vote for the boss-in
fected nominee for Mayor on the 80-Called
Democratic ticket Is worse than folly. San
Francisco business men may contribute
materially to the prolongation of the
city's prosperity in a commercial sense by
voting for Horace Davis. On the con
trary a vote for Phelan will block pros
perity. The election in San Francisco
next 'Tuesday will be accepted throughout
the T'nited States as an index of the po
litical sentiment of California. If th<*
Democrats win the result will be pro
claimed far and wide as a rebuke to the
Republican party from a great city that
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 1. 1899.
REPUBLICANS SHOULD
BE ON THEIR GUARD
The people who are Interested
in the prosperity and development
of San Francisco are rallying to
the standard of Horace Davis.
As the campaign progresses the
prospects of Republican victory
brighten. Tt is the judgment of
impartial spectators of the can
vass that Horace Davis will win
out. The Republican leaders are
confident that Mr. Davis will be
elected by a handsome majority.
The greatest danger in a political
campaign is over-confidence. Ten
days before the election last No
vember Democratic leaders and
speakers were confident that
Judge Maguire would carry San
Francisco by 8000 majority, but he
lost the city by 3000. It is true
that he was the victim of a politi
cal sacrifice. Mayor Phelan ob
tained Republican votes, which
should have been cast for Charles
L. Patton, in return for Demo
cratic votes for Gage, which
should have been, under rules of
party fidelity, cast for James G.
Maguire.
Republicans should be on their
guard against trading In this elec
tion and they should exercise spe
cial vigilance in watching the
count. The truth Is now manifest
that Sam Rainey, the notorious
Democratic boss who was once
cartooned by the Kxamlner as the
chief of taxidermists, on account
of his dexterity In stuffing ballot
boxes, Is now Phelan's confiden
tial political agent. Republican
watchers, therefore, should be or
ganized in every district, so that
every precinct may be watched
during the count.
The people have confidence In
Horace Davis. He is clean, noble
and upright. All of his life is
open to the people and his place
of residence is accurately given In
the Directory.
has derived an exceptional measure of
prosperity from the Republican adminis
tration. The Republican voter who fails
to cast his ballot next Tuesday for Horace
Davis and the Republican ticket will fall
short of his duty to his country, his home
and his party.
Joseph Britton and George K. Fitch
have lined up with R. A. Crothers of the
Bulletin and Sam Rainey of the St.
George stables in support of Phelan. It
may not be amiss to remind the people
who succeeded through the agency of the
Stratton primary law in downing the
bosses that Britton and Fitch went into
court to defeat that law.
ROUSING RECEPTION
IN PRECITA VALLEY
Republican Nominees Assured
01 Handsome Majorities.
Graham's Hall, on Alabama street and
Preclta avenue, was crowded to Its limit
last night with the Republicans of that
portion of the city, who came to extend
to thp Republican nominees a most en
thusiastic welcome. John T. Graham
spared no pains in having his hall hand
somely decorated for the occasion. The
chair was occupied by F. W. Warren, the
president of the regular Republican Club,
and a band of music waa in attendance
to enliven the meeting.
W. A. Deane, the popular nominee for
County Clerk, was the lirst speaker of the
evening. Mr. Deane met with one <pf
t hose warm receptions which was a fore
warning of the number of votes which
the Preclta Valley freemen will deposit
for him on election day. In his short ad
dress he outlined the duties of a County
Clerk and convinced his hearers that he
1h Just the man that knows how to con
duct such an Important office in the inter,
est of the taxpayers.
J. L. Nagle, nominee for Police Judge,
followed In a brief address, which was
well received.
Charles L. King met with a most eordlal
reception. Mr. King is the Republican
nominee for the office of Supervisor, and
from the manner in which he was greeted
by the voters of Bernal Heights and its
vicinity it is but fair to surmise that he
will receive a most flattering vote.
A. P. Black, the Republican nominee
for the Important office of District At
torney, received a warm and enthusiastic
reception.
Dr. E. Torello, one of the first settlers
of the valley under the heights, was quite
at home with his audience. They all
knew him and loved him for the many
acts of kindness extended to them and
their families in times gone by. The peo
ple's votes are sure for Dr. Torello for
the office of Supervisor.
Dr. A. D. McLean, nominee for Coroner,
in his short address assured his hearers
that if elected the remains of the dead
should be respected and their living
friends will not be annoyed and mortified
by having a half dozen undertakers
squabbling over the remains, as has been
done under former Coroners. He was well
received.
On the conclusion of the addresses by
the nominees the meeting was addressed
by Ed W. Close and E. Myron Wolfe.
Dan Sullivan, an old resident of Preclta
Valley, closed the evening's entertainment
by a happy address complimentary to the
Republican party, that did so much for
the whole people's prosperity, not forget
ting his friend and neighbor, Graham,
who was one of the most persistent Re
publican residents of the valley and whose
nail was at all times at the disposal of the
party free of expense.
The meeting dosed with three rousing
cheers for the success of the entire Re
publican ticket.
NORTH BEACH VOTERS
WELCOME MR. DAVIS
Candidate for Mayor Receives
Enthusiastic Reception.
Voters of the Forty-fourth Assembly
District congregated in large numbers in
Washington Square Hall, Stockton and
Union streets, last night and shouted for
Horace L>avis and the other candidates
on the Republican ticket. Dr. C. A.
Glover called the meeting to order and
introduced F. X. Schoonmaker of New
Jersey as the first speaker. The distin
guished visitor aroused a great deal of
enthusiasm by his clear and convincing
discussion of national issues. The men
tion of the President's mime brought
forth loud applause, as did also the re
cital of the good work done during his
administration. Thomas L,. Henderson,
candidate for Supervisor, pledged him
self if elected to look after the interests
of the northern part of the city. Abe
Kuef Introduced Albert Heyer. candidate
for Assessor, and also told of the splendid
services rendered the city by the Super
, visor. Owing to the illness of John Farn
ham, Ralph L. Hathorn dwelt on his !lt-
I ness for the office to which he aspires.
i>ouis Feusler, candidate for Treasurer,
was heartily greeted when introduced.
L,. G. Carpenter, Dr. T. H. Morris and J.
H. Scott were also present and addressed
the meeting. Frank Kingwell spoke for
A. P. Black and Abe Ruef delivered a
stirring speech In behalf of Mr. Davis. In
the midst of his speech the candidate for
Mayor entered and was given a noisy
greeting. He addressed the meeting and
in a sincere and convincing manner told
his listeners what he would do if elected
to the office. He said he was not in favor
of ornamental improvements, but im
provements of a practical nature. If
elected on Tuesday next he would see
that the city had good schoolhouses, good
sewers and other important improve
ments necessary for the health and wel
fare of the citizens of this city. When
tho speaker concluded the audience
cheered him and then dispersed.
HORACE DAVIS' NAME
EVOKES ENTHUSIASM
Mission Republicans Hold a Big
Rally in Thirty Third.
One of the best rallies of the campaign,
both In point of numbers and the enthu
siasm displayed, was that held last night
In Maennerbund Hall, on Potrero avenue,
near Twenty-fourth street. The Repub
licans of the Thirty-third District gath
ered In large numbers to show by their
presence the conscience they have in the
ticket headed by Hon. Horace Davis, the
bare menu <n of whose name during the
evening was suffiek-nt to cause hearty
cheers to resound throughout the large
hall. The audience was composed mainly
of tollers, who have don«- so much for the
upbuilding of the community, and these
listened with liitelliße. t attention to the
forceful remarks of several distinguished
orators.
J. MrXamara acted as chairman of the
meeting and introduced the various
speakers in complimentary terms. Among
the candidates who appeared were: A. P
Black, candidate for District Attorney,
who made an earnest and dignified appeal
for the suffrages of his listeners; William
A. Deane, who pointed to his good record
as County Clerk as a just reason for his
re-election; Dr. A. D. McLean, nominee
for Coroner; John Farnham, represented
by J. D. Kersey, who bespoke for the for
m.er a. proper performance of the duties
of Public Administrator; J. H. Scott,
Republicans Elated
and .Active. /
♦
Multitudes of People
Assemble to Cheer
Their Speeches.
nominee for Tax Collector, represented by
Judge M. Cooney, who, in addition to ex
plaining tjie fitness of Mr. Scott for the
office, also delivered one or" the telling
speeches on the political issues of the day;
J. L. Nagle, nominee for Police Judge,
who promised to give a just and fair ad
ministration of the office and spoke a good
word for his fellow candidates; Charles J.
King, nominee for Supervisor, who pre
dicted a great future for this city if the
municipal government were placed in the
hands of the Republican party, and W. C.
Johnson, candidate for Supervisor.
Among the other speakers were: A. P.
Y;in Duzer, who disproved by statistics
the false claim of Mayor Phelan that he
had been the "watchdog of the treasury";
J. Goldman, a young orator, who clearly
elucidated the issues that affect the pres
ent campaign; C. F. Kimball, president of
the William A. Deane Club of San Bruno
road, who spoke eloquently for Mr. Deane
and honest John Lackmann, whom he
characterized as the next Sheriff of San
Francisco; and E. Myron Wolf, who paid
a glowing tribute to the sterling worth
and character of Horace Davis.
STANCH RICHMOND IS
FOR HORACE DAVIS
Earnest Republicans Heartily
Indorse Their Candidates.
Crowded with enthusiastic men and
wom«ii was Richmond Hall last night,
when Horace Davis addressed the For
tieth District Kepuhlicans. Bands nor
bonfires, though both were there, were
needed to key the audience up to the
cheering point.
Mr. Davis delivered a short, plain, busi
nesslike talk, in the course ot which he
said, remarking on .Mr. Phelan's opinion
that politics were at a discount as com
pared to citizenship in this election:
"It is impossible to separate party spirit
from this campaign. No man who wishes
to be ioyal to the administration which
has done so much for the building up of
this city can avoid voting the Republican
ticket. Not only by our protective policy
have we built up the internal trade of this
country, but this prosperity has followed
the flag to the Philippines and the Orient.
This city more than any other in the
Union has profited by this policy. I ask
you, in conclusion, to keep up a burning
spirit of enthusiasm, and on the day of
election we will roll up a good poll of
votes for good government, McKinley and
protection."
At the conclusion of Mr. Davis' speech
a voice from the packed lobby shouted
"Three cheers for Horace Davis!" and
they were given with a will. Other can
didates on the ticket who spoke were S.
Foster. Cyrus S. Wright. Charles Bliss,
Emmet Barrett and Leon Prescott. Wil
liam Watson made a hit when he called
on the audience to vote for the head of
the ticket. "Never mind the foot— that's
me," he said. "Scratch my name off, but
vote for Horace Davis, our next Mayor."
PHELAN ATTACKS THE
REPUBLICAN ORATORS
Roasted Schoonmaker and Called
the Charter Democratic.
James D. Phelan went before the Demo
cratic voters of the Twenty-ninth District
at Pioneer Hall last night and explained
to them in his peculiar way that the new
charter was essentially a Phelan instru
ment. Ho was ably assisted by Franklin
K. Lane and Assessor Washington Dodge
and "charts."
Every seat In the hall was occupied
when Chairman J. J. Sweeney introduced
the first speaker. There was a good band
.■unl a good quartet, but Mr. Phelan was
the whole show after several candidates
for Police Judge and Supervisorial jobs
had been heard. The Mayor's speech was
purely personal. He roasted everything
in the fight that was not Democratic and
varied his usual style by a vicious at
tack on Hon. F. X. Schoonmaker, the ora
tor who has lately been heard in behalf
of Horace Davis and the Republican
ticket generally.
Assessor Dodge proved to his hp. *-ers
that he had saved them thousands oi dol
lars whether they paid taxes or not, and
brought his well-known maps and charts
to prove his contentions. He held up the
fact that if any one than himself were
elected Assessor John D. Siebe would bo
the power in office and, although he made
no direct charges, he insinuated pointedly
that only disaster and crookedness would
result.
Franklin K. T.ane made an excellent
speech and was followed by Alfred J.
Fritz. Edward Mogan, Georgo Cabaniss
and other aspirants to office.
POTRERO DEMOCRATS
LISTEN TO PHELAN
Fall List of Candidates on
Campaign Subjects.
The Democrats of the Thirty-third Dis
trict met last night at Fourteenth and
Railroad avenues and listened for three
hours to the oratorical efforts of the
spell-binding candidates. John Regan was
chairman of the meeting.
Franklin W. Lane was the first speaker
of the evening and he told the assembled
Opening
Today
All our alterations have been finished ; the
new electric elevator is running smoothly to
take you to the upper floors where are dis-
played our enlarged art, waist and skirt depart-
ments.
Our fall and winter stock of novelties and
fancy goods is complete in every detail — ready
for your inspection.
You are invited to attend our opening today,
tomorrow and Friday.
129 Kenrny St.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEW
TAFFETA
SILKS.
On MONDAY, October 30th, we will
place on sale 250 pieces PLAIN
COLORED TAFFETA SILKS.
m 85c m
The above Silks are all in the newest shades,
are extra heavy duality and are undoubtedly
the best values we have ever offered.
NOTE.
We will also have on sale this week a
Magnificent Assortment of Ladies' Colored
and Black Silk TAFFETA SKIRTS In new
colorings and styles,
SEE OUR DISPLAY OF ABOVE GOODS.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
crowd all about his career and what he
did for the city in the passage of the
charter. J. Deasy, Patrick Boland, R. P.
Doolan and Lewis F. Bylngton followed
with flaming shafts of rhetoric about the
greatness of the Democracy. After this
there was some music and then the next
relay of speakers began their work.
James D. Phelan was the last on the
bill, but before he arrived Dr. Cole, Wash
ington Dodge. George H. Cabaniss, Alfred
Fritz and one or two others had their
political say. Mayor Phelan indulged in
the usual Democratic platitudes and the
band wound up the meeting by playing
the national hymn.
Campaign Incidents.
The Lewis F. Byington Club of the
Forty-second District met last night at
Golden Gate Hall, J. B. Keenan presid
ing. Speeches were made by W. F.
Humphreys, Clitus Barbour and Mr. By
ington.
Friends of Thomas L. Henderson met
last night and organized a club, the pur
pose of which is to further that gentle
man's interest in the coming campaign.
The club will hold nightly meetings at
646 Sacramento street.
The friends of Joseph S. Tobin, Demo
cratic candidate for Supervisor, organized
a club in the Thirty-first District in Col
lins' Hall last evening. The meeting was
largely attended by the people of the dis
trict, who heartily indorsed the candidacy
of Mr. Tobin.
The Independent Peddlers' T'nion held
a meeting last night at Teutonia Hall.
Speeches were made by W. Z. Tiffany,
George H. Cabaniss, Thomas Jennings,
Dennis Geary and Eddie Sweeney.
The William A. Deane Independent Re
publican Club will hold a grand ratifica
tion meeting at its headquarters, 1460 San
Bruno road, near Twenty-fourth • street,
to-night A number of the Republican
candidates will appear and address the
meeting on the issues of the campaign.
"Weary brains.nervousness.headaehep.sleepless
ness quickly cureri. Baldwin's Olery Soda, 10c.
Revolt in a Chinese Province.
SHANGHAI. Oct. 31.— The North China
Daily News has a dispatch from Chun
Klang, dated yesterday, saying that a na
tive revolt has broken out at Jen-Huahuf-
Sien, province of Kul-Chow. A Magis
trate has been murdered and the situation
is considered serious.
P. Boland, candidate for Public Admin
istrator; Democratic nominee. •
Catarrh, Deafness,
■fcfc^ffiN^^ Throat 1
/) t 1 l*i*T^^* • *. *^ J wMlMl\|\||. -
*>—{-!■ — 1 s^»r ■ t LUIIS
Diseases Positively Cured by
DR. COTTINGHAM'S JSZ*
632 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
Marble stair entrance.
Hours, 9-12 a. m. ; 1-3 and 7-8 p. m.
Cut this out. present at once; good for on«
week FREE TREATMENT and medicine at
office, or write for particulars. Do not delay.
ClfgS, Dr. R. L. Walsh,
<w¥L~* >vU4 ''* i JV 815 GEARY ST.. bet
rMM-fn^ntrVT- Hyde and Larkln
ref "■?=gSg|||S} Painless Extraction..
(If •_ M J\^\ Crowns !.*.".".'.".'.'.'52.0(i
xXIII^-^*'^ Flesh-colored Plates.
Continuous Gum Plates (no bad' Joints) our
specialty. Have received TEN first prises for
tills branch of dentistry. No students. It
jimlts" exDerieao«v .
GZ& dtlekestert Eacllsh Diamond Brwe.i. ••-
fEHNYROYAL PILLS
ENNYROYAL PtLLS
H -^^v Original and O»ly oeoatn«. ▲
y*./T*4^ tin, tiwtjw rsllabla. LADICk ul ATV
fUl\ Os^M Drtgglft for'OtteAcKcrt Bngluh Dia-JSW.
■O>JfjffiTi i Ti Brand In K»d and O-AJ «nullio\W7
W\ -O««jbo««. icalod with ac ribbon. Take
T*l S^ H*]bo other. Rtfu*r. iang*-<*.t nitititw ▼
I / ~ (w Horn and imilati. n«. At Drn^fUtj, or icod C«,
I (■» -Jr la atampi for p irtlanlari, t«Umotrtal> uj
IV* 0*• Kcll«f for Ladles," in ittter. \>j rtitwrm
-X If S»ll. 10,000 ~««!aoni»!i. Kobu Paptr.
_ >^— •rOhiphc«f^rOe»lcalCo.,M«4l»o«B<i«»r^
MM ay all Local UruggUta. PHiLA.I>A~ I'M
tIERCES
FAVORITE
SCRIPTION
IJI FORWEAKWOMEIV.
Cgj>j|j^ Q| tlg^a STOPPED FREE
W^B- cI Permanently Cured bj
m m"t% DR. KLINE'S GREAT
i_l I NERVE RESTORER
Ira B fBBB £& STOPPED FREE
H Wp Permanently Cured b»
KLINE'S GREAT
V NERVE RESTORER
JSjJjB Coitultatinn, personal or hT mail; irfatiie and
raT^ 9'i TRIAL BOTTLE FREE
SB to Fit patients who par exprrsfage oblt on dalirerj.
Permanent Cure, not on: j temporary relief, for all Srr-
;t3 roii» DitoTd'Tt, EptlepoT. Spaimi. Pt. Vli««' Dasn.
Wk DebiUtT. Rxhanttion. DR. R. lI.KLIXE. I'd.
sc* 931 Arch Street. Philadelphia, rounded :s:i.
<i3>s*sar INJECTION. S
p A PERMANENT CURE f
1 > of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea 2
l[ and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6 s
I , days ;no other treatment required. 5
I > - ' . Sold by all druggists. c
i^^DEWEY,STRONG&CO.^%
I<o "PAT NTS jlI
' ■ ■ ■■mTTiimS ni Sr Lt i jf
_^*^ r 330 MARKET ST?&r^a«^__
HESS.
NOTARY PD3LIO AND AT-roRNSY-A'i'-LAW,
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claus bpreckels Bid*.
_ Telephone "rown 931.
Residence, 821 California at., below Powell.
Ban Francisco.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THIS
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot, 323 M«-ir««.