VOLUME LXXXVI- O. 28.
A BRITISH SCARE AT THE
CLAN-NA-GAEL
NO PLAN TO FIT OUT PRIVATEERS
The Royal Dragoons is one of the crack regiments of the British army and will probably soon be ordered
to the Transvaal to aid in pacifying the Boers. The regiment was received by Queen Victoria at Aldershot
on Monday.
L'.'Nl" iX, The Si. James'
Gazette, which has been remark
able for its jimi n the sub
• ■ Tra ns\ ;«:i I, capa in- 1
climax to-day by earnestly ap
ng to the British' admiralty to
"take Imi I teps !■> counteract
■ • \es of the
rael from the L'nited SI ites
Prei rla, with a view
ithority to start a fleet
of pi nder the Transvaal flag
■ ' liners."
CHICAGO, June 27.— Chicago [rish
men of Clan na-Oael affinities say th y
have not heard < I th< alii ged plans of
the Clan-na-Gael representatives from
this country, nov ai Pretoria, to start
a fleet of private" rs under the Ti
vaal flag; and loot British commei
This is the first time r have heard i;."
said J"hn F. Finerty, editor of the Citi
"but 1 hope it Is so. 1 want ?
th" commerce of the English damaged
in every way. bui -his scheme is new
to me. England should i«-> struck by
Irishmen in everj possible quarter, and
I wish Onm Paul luck if he fights th»
FRENCH BOAT
IS SEIZED BY
THE BRITISH
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, ISS?, by James Gor
don Bennett.
ST. JOHNS. June 27.— Th» French
fishing smack Nouvelle Ecosse, from
Grand Banks, arrived at <"ape Broyle.
on the southern enact of Newfoundland.
yesterday in <|iiest of herring bait. She
n*u seized by customs officers for vio
lation of the fishery laws.
An officer was given tho custody of
th» ship and crew, but th^ latter at
t::"kod him, got tlv- Bhip to sea, threw
him into a boat and left the coast.
Tho British special service vessel
Columbine was ordered t<. chase and
seiz*=- the Nouvelle Ecosse. which hns no
register, that being in tho hands of the
toms officials.
Serious complications are expected to
result from this affair, and the French
admiral is coming here to undertake an
Investigation. .
Fever Is Checked.
A eeiaJ Cable to The Call and the New York
■ Herald. Copyrighted, 1593. by James Gor
don Bennett.
PANAMA, June 27.— The fever Is di
minishing here. There are a few cases
under treatment In the hospitals, but none
In the city proper. Copious rains are fall-
Ing and it is expected that in a few days
the fever will be completely under control.
IRISH GOLD
TOO SCARCE
There Are Other and
Better Ways to Fight
the English.
r?ei*l Dispatch to The Cs.ll,
GROUP OF ROYAL DRAGOONS.
redcoats."
James W. Murphy did not credit the
story. "The English papers," he said,
•'are always getting up scares like this.
I do not believe the Clan-na-Gael of
United States has any money to buy
privateers nor any rich friends who
are willing to spend their money that
way."
;-". W. c^uinn laughed at thp story be
cause, as he said: "The Irish in this
country can put their money to better
usr-s than buying privateers for British
battleships and cruisers to blow out of
the water. We can't hurt the English
that way. The St. James' Gazette Is a
little hysterical."
A. J. Callum, who Is credited with
being high in the Councils of the Clan
na-Gael in New York, Philadelphia
and Chicago, and whose home is In
New York, said that he would have
heard of the privateer matter had there
been any chanc of it. "It is alto
gethei too costly a plan," he remarked,
"because the English would have the
best of us from the start. Of course I
am in favor of anything that can be
RIOTERS IN
SPAIN ARE
SHOT DOWN
Dispatch to Th" Call.
SARAGOSSA, Spain. .lur.c 27.— Many
people were Injured during the rioting
here yesterday. Th>- troops were
obliged to fire upon the m->b.
Tlit- anti-budget riots were continued
to-day and all the shops were closed
In consequence. Tho troops again
fired on the m>ib In the Plaza de la
Construction, killing one person and
seriously wounding two others.
Martial law hns been declared at
Valencia ami fighting has occurred at
Granada, whore the troops charged
and wounded several people.
Anti-budget demonstrations hare
also occurred at Burgos, Toledo and
Logrono.
THE STATE PROSPEROUS.
Such Is the Report of the Board of
Equalization.
SACRAMENTO. June 27. - Messrs.
Brown, Colgan and Toland, members of
the State Board of Equalization, have re
turned from a tour of the northern coun
ties. They report that end of the State
to be in a very prosperous condition, both
in the agricultural and the timber locali
ties.
At the next meeting of the board the
matter of the assessment of the cars of
Eastern refrigerator lines will be consid
ered.
The San Francisco Call.
I rlone to hurt England, but I would
hardly approve such a plan, as It is
too risky, to say the least."
WASHINGTON, June 27.— At th<>
British Embasy it is stated that no
communications relating to the Trans
vaal have been received, and the pub
lished report that representations ha.l
been made as to the shipment of
American-made arms to the Boers is
characterized as rubbish. In this con
nection it appears that a London press
agency recently had a dispatch from
New York statins that American firms
| were selling arms to the Boers. This
: dispatch came to the attention of
: Colonel Lee, British military attache
j here, and In the course of his inquiries
on military affairs he asked as to the
truth of this dispatch, receiving: but
little information beyond the fact that
■ arms were not likely to be shipped to
th" Transvaal, as it had no ports and
no means of receiving them. Colonel
Lee says this Inquiry was entirely on
his own account, and, so far as ho
, knows, the British Government has
, paid no attention to the matter.
BELGIUM IS
VERGING ON
REVOLUTION
Special Dispatch to Tlip Call.
BRUSSELS. June 27.— Stormy scenes
were witnessed In the Chamber of
Deputies to-dny in connection with de
bate on the electoral law introduced
by the Government. The socialists ac
ensed the questors of bringing lopal
officers of the crown to the chamber
for the purpose of taking notes of the
proceedings. The questors hotly pro
tested, and an inconceivable tumult
ensued. The sitting was eventually
suspended. The socialist deputy,
Furniment, sang snatches of the "Mar
sellaise," and the socialists Joined in
the chorus. Shouts of "Vive la Re
publique" were also raised.
The chamber later voted by 88 to 16
to debate tho franchise bill July 5, and
| the house adjourned amid terrific up
roar.
The committee of the Federation of
j Labor party held a meeting in this
city to-night and decided upon a gen
eral strike of Brussels workmen as a
; protest against the Government elec
: toral bill.
The strike will begin on tho day
i when the debate on the measure opens
I in the Chamber of Deputies.
SAS FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 28, 1899.
SEEKING TO
DRIVE MEN
FROM IDAHO
Citizens Can Gain Freedom
Only by Promising to
Leave the State.
WHITE CZaFoUTDONE
Nothing: Like It Since the Russian
Autocrat Drove the Jsws
From the Pale.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
As the citizens of Idaho con-
tinue to insist upon \heir rights
as Amer/ca r s, notwithstanding
military tyranny, the officers in
con to' of affairs in the Cceur
d'Alenas, and whose control is up
held by United States bayonets,
have concluded that men who wII
not live according to their fashion
shall not live in that region at all.
It is a kind of assisted emigation
new to America, although the
White Czar has tred something
like it in The Pale ar.d finds it se
cures results in ridding Russia of
Polish Jews. The Idaho effort
will be watched with a cons der-
able degree of interest.
WALLACE, Idaho, June 27.—
The State and military au
thorities have at last thrown
aside all subterfuge, and the
pretense that martial law is
! continued in the Cover d'Alenes for the
purpose of suppressing an insurrection
has gone with the others. The Gover
nor induced President McKinley to send
troops here by representing that Sho
j shone County was "in a state of in
surrection and rebellion," and Issued a
proclamation to that effect. Since the
date of that proclamation the authori
ties have insl»iN»<i tbat.'he condition of
anarchy described by - the Governor
still continues, and have sought to jus
tify every outrage perpetrated in the
name of martial law on the ground of
necessity.
When the wife of the editor of the
Mullan Mirror endeavored, through the
courts, to obtain possession of the few
paltry type taken from her by a com
pany of soldiers while her husband was
in the bull pen, an answer under oath
was returned to the process of the
court stating that the type had been
seized by order of the Governor and
"as a necessary means of suppressing
the insurrection now existing in Sho
shone County."
According to residents of this district,
no insurrection ever existed here, and
even the authorities now seem to have
wearied of the absurd pretense. They
have come into the open and the citi
zens of this county now confined in the
bull pen, without any charge whatever
against them, are told they may se
cure their liberty by signing an agree
ment to leave the State and promising
never to return. Yesterday Auditor
Sinclair was asked If he would release
a certain prisoner on bail.
"Why, certainly," he replied; "there
are more than 100 men in my charge
whom I should be glad to get rid of,
but they have become so attached to
their quarters they refuse, to leave. I
cannot drive them out."
This astonishing statement was made
with such positiveness that it bore the
stamp of truth, but investigation has
developed the fact that the reason Sin
clair cannot drive these men out of the
bull pen is because he requires of them
a promise to leave their homes and
families and the State of Idaho as a
condition precedent to their release.
There are many owners of property in
prison at Kellogg. Many of them are
married and are householders. These
man cannot understand why they
should be driven from their homes and
the locality in which they choose to
reside, when they have committed no
wrong. They refuse to be thus coerced
and maintain that they will pass the
rest of their days in the bull pen rather
than purchase their liberty by such
means.
This is why Sinclair cannot "drive
them out," and he will probably not
succeed, even though aided by officers
of the United States army who disgrace
the uniform they are enabled to wear
by the. toll and Industry of just such
men as they are now imprisoning.
Elisor Sutherland left to-day for
Pierce City and the south of Shoshone
County in search of jurors who will try
the cases of the rioters. This will carry
him 250 miles from here through Kob
tenai, Latah and Nez Perce counties,
Idaho, and Whitman, County, Wash
ington. No juror from that end of the
county has been summoned in the Dis
trict Court since the county seat was
moved from Pierce City to Murray, fif
teen years ago.
HELLOING OVER BARBED WIRE.
New Telephone System at Le Grand
STOCKTON. June 27.— E. C. Dickinson
was In \jO Grand on Saturday, nnri while
there trifl the barbed wire fence tele
phono system which is being set up in
that part of the valley. He talked a dis
tance of about four miles over the line
and claims that the sound was carried
better than by the regular system. The
electrician in charge of the work is now
engaged in putting in th° fourth tele
phone box. All residents of the country
about T.e Grand are desirous of having
u-lrphones put in. as the system is prov
ing to be quite a success.
Proves a Success.
DREYFUS A MAN WHO IS
BROKEN DOWN.
SLOWLY HE DRAWS NEAR FRANCE
Prison at Rennes, Where Dreyfus Will Be Lodged.
Special fable to The Tall and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1899, by James Gor
don Hennett.
PARIS. June 27. — Le Matin
has interviewed the mate
of the American steamer
( ionfalonia, which passed the
Sfax at the Cape Verde Islands
on June 19. The mate saw Cap
tain Dreyfus on deck and lie says
he looked broken down and like
a man of sixty.
The captain of the Sfax or
dered them to keep off. Captain
Dreyfus saluted the flags when
the usual salutes were exchanged.
In the Chamber of Deputies to-day
M. Taul Deroulede, founder of the so
called League of Patriots, and mem
ber for the Angouleme division of
Charente, introduced a proposal for
revision of the constitution, with the
view of substituting "a popular for a
parliamentary republic," and demand
ed urgency for his motion.
The Premier, M. Waldeck-Rousseau,
opposed the proposition and asked that
the motion be referred to a committee.
PRESIDENT
NOT COMING
TO THE COAST
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELL
INGTON HOTEL. WASHINGTON,
June 27.— Mrs. MeKinley's ill health
was the sole cause of the return of the
President and his party to Washington
two days before they had planned to
do so. Heretofore the excitement of
travel and receiving visitors has been
of benefit to Mrs. McKinley, and a dis
tinct improvement in her physical con
dition has been noticeable when she
has been away with the President.
Largely for this reason the President
went to New England and arranged
the Western trip which he had expected
to take later. It was found, however,
that instead of the New England trip
being beneficial, it had an opposite ef
fect upon Mrs. McKinley, and the
President and Dr. Rixey decided that
it would be better to bring her back
to Washington without delay.
The state of Mr?. McKinlcy's health
at this time is decidedly worse than it
has usually heen since she has been in
the White House, and the probable re
sult will be that the President will re
main in Washington practically all
summer, and will take very little if
any vacation out of this city.
President McKinley's projected trip
to the Pacific Coast, which had been
looked forward to in anticipation of the
enjoyment for himself and the Improve
ment in Mrs. McKinley's condition, has
been indefinitely abandoned. His pro
posed trip to Minne~ota has also been
abandoned.
The unfavorable turn in Mrs. McKin
ley's condition is attributed partly to a
cold which she contracted just before
leaving Washington. She is never
strong, and this cold seemed to weaken
her to such an extent as to make it
advisable to avoid exertion, which
would have been necessary had she re
mained, away as long as had been In
tended.
M. Deroulede asked permission to \
speak, but the President of the cham
ber, M. Deschanel, refused to allow
him to do so.
M. Lasies, anti-Semite, member for
the Condom division of Gers, accused
the Premier of having recourse to
subterfuges and a violent tumult en
sued. Sveral of the Deputies tried to
speak, but their voices were drowned,
and the President was compelled to j
suspend the session. When it was re
sumed urgency was proposed for M.
Deroulede's motion and was defeated j
by a vote of 397 to 70.
As a result of an altercation in the
chamber between M. Berteaux, Social
ist, and M. Millevoye, Republican-Na- j
tlonalist. these two Deputies will fight
a duel with swords to-morrow.
NEW YORK, June 27.— A Journal ca
ble from Brest says: Dreyfus will ar
rive here on Friday night and will be
taken to Rennes for his court-martial.
The president of the Western Railway
has been notified to make the neces
sary arrangements for a special train
to convey the prisoner at that time.
No explanation is given for the de
lay of the cruiser Sfax, which was ex
pected to arrive several days ago.
Every imaginable supposition and ru
mor are advanced. Government offi
cials refuse to give the slightest infor
mation. I
ALGER WILL
NOT LEAVE
THE CABINET
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, June 27.— Secretary
Alger this afternoon called on the
President and had an extended discus
sion of the situation in Michigan as to
the Senatorship and Governor Pin
gree's alleged utterances. When the
Secretary left the White House and his
attention was called to reports in cer
tain quarters that he intended to re
sign from the Cabinet, he promptly
and emphatically denied their truth.
He added that his resignation had not
been asked for, that he certainly did
not intend to offer it, and that he in
tended to remain in the Cabinet until
the expiration of this administration.
GOSSIP OF A SUCCESSOR.
Despit9 Secretary's Assertions, Otis
Is Said to Be Slated.
LOS ANGELES, June 27.— Brigadier !
General Harrison Gray Otis has heen or
dered to Washington, where, on July I,
ho will be mustered out of the volunteer |
service. This journey O the national j
capital revives the tale that General Otis I
is the probable successor of Secretary of
War Alger. When General Otis suddenly j
left his command in Manila it was then
asserted that, the editor had returned to
America with full knowledge that a po- j
Htlcal emergency was the motive for his
home-coming-. This statement has never
officially boon denied.
That Otis and McKinley are friendly is
shown by the proffer made the Los Angr>- i
les man two years ago of the Assistant !
Secretaryship of War. That the prize j
was not landed by Otis arosn from the j
opposition of Alger. who bitterly fought j
the appointment on the ground that Otis |
had accused Alger of playing, during the |
San Pedro harbor imbroglio. Into the j
hands of Collis P. Huntingdon. It is now
asserted that as Alg^r, owing to political
complications, will leave the Cabinet, the I
time is propitious for Otis to be taken i
Into the official household of the President
and that the home-com'.ng and the jour
ney to Washington will permit Otis to
slip into the berth prepared in advance.
Edwin Markham at Chicago.
CHICAGO. Juno 27.— Edwin Markham of
Oakland. Cal.. -who has become suddenly
known from onp end of the country to the
other as the author of "The Man With the
Hoe," is in Chicago, a guest of Stanley
Waterloo.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
QUIETLY WAITING AT
BREST FOR DREYFUS
The Authorities Will Not Furnish
Any Information as to His
Coming.
France! June 27.— The delay
in the arrival here of the French cruis
er Sfax, which left the waters of French
Guiana on June 10, with Captain Drey
fus on board, increases the interest In
the landing of the famous prisoner. All
sorts of reports and suppositions are
current. For the moment attention is
concentrated on the putting to sea this
afternoon of a ligfcthouse relief
steamer. Such vessels usually start in
the morning and return in the evening,
consequently the departure of the
steamer this afternoon has given rise
to the conjecture that she has gone to
meet the Sfax, and that Dreyfus will
be transferred on board of her.
The authorities continue refusing to
furnish the slightest information re
garding Dreyfus to the regular army
of newspaper men of all nationalities
now gathered here, anxiously seeking
news of the Sfax.
In the meantime the effervescence of
yesterday evening has quite evaporat
ed and this evening the inhabitants are
calmly promenading the principal
square, listening to the marine band.
WHITES AND
NEGROES IN
A BATTLE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala., June Threo
negroes are dead and one is not expected
to live until morning as a result of a riot
between the white and negro miners at
the ore mines near Cardiff, in Jefferson
County. The dead are:
ED ELLIS.
JIM DILL.
ADAM SAMUELS.
The wounded: Rudolph Williams;
George Thomas, mortally.
The two races came to a clash late In
the afternoon in Glasgow Hollow, whero
the negroes had congregated armed with
Winchester rifles. A white man passing
along the road was heldup and roughly
handled. This news soon spread and an
armed body of white miners moved to
ward the Hollow. It is supposed it went
around by a circuitous route in the moun
tains and came upon the negroes unex
pectedly.
Ed Wise, the ringleader, armed with a
Winchester and a Colts revolver, fell at
the first tire. A rifle bullet did the work.
There was another volley and four other
negroes fell. Jim Dill and, Adam Sam
uels died in a few minutes after oeing
removed to a negro's house. George
Thomas was shot through the abdomen
with a Winchester bullet. He is not ex
pected to recover. Rudolph Williams
will live.
The trouble started yesterday when it
was thought that John Shepherd, who on
last Wednesday assaulted Mrs. Monroe
Jones Carcerona, was in that community.
The negroes armed themselves to pre
vent his capture. Both sides were
aroused, and only the timely arrival of a
Sheriff's posse prevented an outbreak.
This morning the negro miners held a
mass meeting and refused to go to work.
They all belong to a secret organization
known as the "Knights of Africa" or the
"Mysterious Men." They keep rifles and
ammunition on hand at all times. It was
in the afternoon that they gathered in
Glasgow Hollow, although with what in
tention is not now known.
Influential citizens say that the ring
leaders are now out of the way and they
hope to manage the other negroes.
Shortly after the riot Sheriff O'Brien
left here with a hundred armed men. He
has the situation in hand for the time
being, although late reports say the- ne
groes are talking of avenging the death
of their leaders.
Sheriff O'Brien, who is now at Bloss
bure:. has received a message from
Adamsville. three miles from that
place, askinp for protection. An armed
body of negroes is gathered in the2
GOEBEL NAMED
FOR GOVERNOR
OF KENTUCKY
HON. WILLIAM GOEBEL.
I.OTTSVILLE, Ky., June 27.— William
Goebel. who with an Iron grasp has ruled
the Democratic State convention since It
assembled nearly a week ago, was to
night nominated for Governor on th ■;
v-slxth ballot after a contest un
paralleled in the State for bitterness anil
determination on the part of the winner
or for skillful manipulation. The end of
the !onp, exhausting fight brought a rea
sonable degree of harmony to the fac
tion?, which throughout the night bat
tled for every Inch of ground. Nearly
■verybody joined heartily in a demon
stration when their candidate appeared
for the first time before the convention
to accept the nomination and return his
thanks.
The Goebel forces held the opposition
closely down to business all day, forcing
continuous balloting, defeating it when
it showed slpns of weakness and Fought
■: = a sine die adjournment, compelling; a vote
■'• ' 'on a proposition to drop the hindmost
man on ea,ch ballot aft'^r the twenty-fifth
■• and came out of the final trial of strength
shortly after 10 o'clock to-night with col
;•' '. -.on" flying. Stone was dropped on the
•. twenty-fifth ballot and Hardin proved un
" able to control enough of the Stone votes
•• to win. The scenes during the last bal
: - . lot were dramatic, though not so exclt
'. ; Ing as many in which the delegates had
;. " participated.
After the nomination the convention en
•' Joyed a few minutes or relaxation and
• ■ reconciliation. Speeches were made by
Congressman Wheeler, Judge Tarvin and
■ other managers for th>- three candidates
and the theme of all was: "Get together
„ and win."
A morning session of the convention was
held, at which six fruitless ballots were
.taken. After a recess -.null 3 o'clock two
.; ■ more ballots were taken with a result al
•' -most exactly like the first taken Saturday
•• night. This made twenty-one ballots In
all, the last one resulting: Stone, 30S;
[ • ' Hardin. 355: Goebel, 888.
;' • Ben L. Hardin, a brother of the candi
•' ' date for Governor, then offered a resolu
mountains, threatening to make a de
pcent upon the mining camp in the val
ley.
A special from Cardiff says: Few
men are asleep here to-night. Each
side is expecting an attack. The trou
ble really started lan night, when a
body <>f white men flr : -d on some negro
shrieks. <me negro w.-<p shot in the leg
and as a result the negroes "were sullen
and refused to go t<"» work to-day.
A private dispatch received in Birm
ingham to-night stat- s that the dead
and wounded negroes Were shot in the
back.
DUEL FOUGHT ON
A CROWDED STREET
One Man Killed, Another Is Dying,
and Two Are Seriously
Injured.
GALVESTON, Tex.. June 27.— A duel
occurred this afternoon at the corner
of Tremont and Market streets, when
the streets were crowded with shop
pers. jam>-s Johnson and William
. Boyd came out at separate doors of a
saloon. Then th<"- shooting began. Po
• lice Officer Rove ran between the men
and made a desperate attempt to stop
them. H<- says while they were shoot
■ ing a man standing in the doorway
. fired two or thre.- shots at Johnson.
Fifteen shots w.-re tired in all. When
the smoke cleared away it was found
. that four men had been shot. Johnson
died on the way to the hospital. Boyd
was shot in the left leg and right arm,
the bones in each being broken.
George Lovey, aged 56, a blacksmith,
and W. H. Gordman, who were on
their way home from the Government
fortifications, where they were em
ployed, were hit by stray bullets.
Lovey was shot through the right kid
ney and is dying. Oordman was shot
over the right lung, though not fatally.
Johnson was a gambler, aged about
29. On February 10, 1898, he shot and
killed a comrade gambler, "Dick"
Springfield, in a saloon, but was
acquitted of the charge of murder a
few months ago. Johnson and Boyd
are said to have had a difficulty about
a week ago.
Harrison's Appointees.
STOCKTON, June 27.— Mayor Harrison
to-night announced his new Police and
Fire Commission, including Jacob Simon,
a Republican, and John T. Doyle and 11.
R. BlcGeble, Democrats. Simon and
Doyle are members of the present Com
mission. A hot fight lias been on for
.iome time for heads «if the police and fire
departments and politicians are demand
ing changes, but it is believed that Chief
Gall will remain at the head of the. po
lice and Chief Kngineer Rolf at the head
of th? lire department. Rolf is an old-time
veteran fireman and his department is
known to be one of the most efficient in
the State. Ex-Suj>erintendent of Streets
Littleton was MMmlnted Harbor Master.
Wooley Dismissed
EUREKA. June 27.— T0-day in the Su
perior Court upon motion of District At
torney Cooper, Judgt Wilson dismissed
the perjury case against John Woole.y, a
tlon providing that the convention ad
journ sine die, and that the State Cen
tral Committee he empowered to take any
action ii ;ssary to place a ticket in the
tii-lil for the campaign of 1899.
The delegates were almost taken oft
their feet at this point by the appearance
on the =t:i?p Bide by side of Captain W. J.
Stone and General P. Wat Hardin. They
di'l nut know just what was to happen.
nm they saw a hope of relief from the
strain tney bad been under for a week.
and pave the candidates a welcome even
more hearty than their personal popular
ity would have called forth.
Stone spoke briefly, followed by Hardin.
Both declared they believed the interests
of the Democratic party would be best
served by the adoption "f the resolution.
The chairman, however, In a short
speech declared the resolution out of or
der and refused to recognize an appeal.
The twenty-second ballot showed the
(ffp.t of the adjournment resolution In
disintegrating the Stone-IT:ml!n forces.
Stone lost about thirty votes.
At this point E. A. Cullion offered a
resolution providing that after the twen
ty-lift h ballot the hindmost candidate be
dropped and not voted for thereafter. The
Stone and Hardin leaders made another
stand, but they could not control their
forces. The resolution was adopted by
a vote of .''72 to '.2^. and at 8 o'clock the
twenty-third ballot was ordered. The re
sult: "Stone 350, Hardin 34(5. Goebel 361.
John Young Brown 10, Judge Hazelrlgg 14.
scattering 10.
Twenty-fourth ballot— Stone 33ft. Hardin
361. Goebel '.03.
T'nder the resolution adopted by the con
vention. Captain W. J. Stone, having re
ceived the smallest number of votes, was
dropped and the next ballot was begun.
It was concluded with difficulty and an- |
nounced as follows: Goebel 560; Hardin 531.
This provoked aa much noise as any
event of the convention, and for the first
time nearly all the delegates joined in it.
Mr. Gtoebel was Introduced and made a
short speech of thanks. When the speerh
mriking was concluded the convention was
adjourned until 10 o'clock to-morrow
morning, when the ticket will be com
pleted.
I prominent resident of Berkeley. Thomnp
I.angford of lCureka was the prosecuting
witness and plaintiff in the case of
Thomas Langford vs. Martha Langford
formerly Mrs. McShane of Berkeley, in
which case Wooley was a witness. The
District Attnrnev held that there was no
testimony of perjury in the case.
A NEW SMELTER
FOR SHASTA COUNTY
George Bayha, Representing a Ger
man Syndicate, Is at the Head
of the Enterprise.
REDDING, Jun.- 27.— There is evidence
that another great smelter is soon t>> be
erected in Shasta County. It will he built
and operated by a German syndicate.
George Bayha, formerly a bicycle manu
facturer in Germany, is the local repre
sentative of a number of German capital
ists. During th" last three years Bayha
has filed locations on twenty-five copper
claims on StlUwater Creek, about twenty
miles from Redding.
Extensive development work has been
done on these claims. Bayha secured
bonds on adjoining claims and has just
made a payment on one bond for $3h.ivhi.
It is proposed to erect a smelter near th.
site of the claims. The syndicate has
:■. cured option? on considerable adjacent
lands. Electricity generated by water
pow^r will be used for motive power and
for other purposes. There seems to be
every evidence that the German syndicate
will shortly begin work of building a
smelter and a railway line eight miles in
length to connect with the Southern Pa
cific. The new smelter will double the
copper output of Shasta County.
MACKAY TO FIGHT
THE BELL TELEPHONE
Millions in the Scheme to Consolidate
All Interests Against the
Monopoly.
CHICAGO, Juno 27.-The Record to
morrow will say: John W. M;ickay ar
rived here to-day. It was given out that
he was the principal factor In the move
ment in the independent telephone man
agers to consolidate local interests for the
purpose of fighting the Bell corporation.
Mr. Hackay passed th.- day In consulta
tion with independent telephone men. He
is said to be the backer of the independent
telephone system, and his company is re
ported to be behind the general scheme of
interstate consolidations.
Sale of Thoroughbred Yearling-s.
NEW YORK. June 27.— A number of
thoroughbred yearlings were sold by auc
tion to-day at Sheepshead Hay includ
ing the following:
I?, f., by Albert-1-.cda, Bromley & Co
$2700. • '
nik. c. by Albert-Entricla. J. Brown.
$3100.
B. c, by Albert-Marie. J. Brown t°W)
Ch. f.. by Albert-Hoodoo, Bromley &
Co.. $2500. "
Ch. c. by Albert-Lady Useful, Bromley
British Cruiser Ashore.
SYDNEY, N. S. \V.. June 27.— The Brit
ish third-clays cruiser Pyladcs is ashore
on the Northwest Reef. An attempt was
made to float her by a local tug but it
was unsuccessful.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., WEDNESDAY, JUNE 28, 1899.
CALIFORNIA AT
THE PARIS FAIR
Golden State to Make a
Fine Showing.
COMPLETING FINAL PLANS
COMMISSIONS INSTRUCTIONS TO
EXHIBITORS.
Attempt Will Be Made to Have
Models of the Cruiser Olympia
and Battleship Oregon
in the Display.
— ♦ —
Specie! Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, June 27.— Major Ben
Truman, one of the commissioners to the
Paris Exposition, has returned from the
north, where the California commission
ers held an important session. Discuss-
Ing the meeting Major Truman said:
"Commissioner Runyon's report was of
s; eri-.i] Interest. lie had just returned
from Chicago, where he was In cunsulta
i'< .1 with Commissioner General Peck. He
had a very satisfactory account to give
of the liberality with which California is
to be treated. The Golden State will be
allowed its full share of space in the
departments of horticulture, agriculture,
viticulture, mining, fishing, forestry, etc.
The State's Interests will be carefully
looked after in a general way by the
T'nited States Commissioners. Director
of Education 11. J. Rogers is expected to
visit California, as ;ir<' two representa
tives of the agricultural, viticulture! and
hortic ultural intf rt sts.
"The United Stat< s will handle the ship
i ping of State exhibits from New York to
I Paris. In the exhibition halls all displays
musf. be uniform. No display can stand
over eleven feet high. TTte exhibits will
■ be collective, each exhibitor, even of a
, sample, will be known by the label and
receive full credit for his display. Wheat
: samples will be shown in the wheat ex
hibit, cotton in the cotton exhibit, etc.
"The United States commission will
construct t lie necessary cases for a col
lective display of exhibits of agricultural
and horticultural food products. These
will be uniform in design. All raw prod
ucts needing preparation, as cereals, cot
ton and wool, will be sent to Washington
to be selected and prepared. All agricul
tural and horticultural exhibits are to be
taken to Washington ami vitlcultural and
mining- exhibits to Chicago.
"An effort will be marie to secure mod
els of the cruiser Olympia and the battle
ship Oregon for the California display.
"The system of refrigeration of fresh
fruit may be exhibited during nearly all
the months of the exposition. This will
■ give California fruit growers a great op
portunity. All exhibits must be in Chi
racn or" Washington by September 30,
thereafter to be cared for by the com
missioner general. "
The Commissioners agreed to hold the
next session on July 10, at which the
necessary appointments will be made and
the details of collecting and arranging
completed. The total appropriation of
the United States for the exhibition is
12,100,000, which accounts for the great
work of supervision and State aid. Cali
-1 forniii !s looked to by the United States
Commissioner for the finest display. The
Southern Pacific Company is planning to
m;ike a $. r >o.ooo display at the exposition,
providing it is not asked to go to Tiols de
I Vincennp.s, located seven miles from the
■ fair grounds proper and useless for expo
sition purposes.
STOCKHOLDERS REFUSE
TO PAY ASSESSMENTS
Affairs of the Union Bank Are
as Badly Tangled as
Ever.
SAN JOSK. June 27.— The $10 per share
assessment levied by the directors of the
Union Savings Bnnk became due yester
day. l*p to that time but one person, H.
J. Wallace, had paid the assessment. A
few days ago he paid $200 In on twenty
shares. This looks rather discouraging
to depositors.
At yesterday's meeting of the directors
it was decided to bring suit against all
the stockholders to collect this assess
ment. The latter have till July IE to pay
up. Attorneys Hatch and Rea were In
structed to prepare papers for suits
against the delinquent stockholders and
to file the suits immediately after that
date.
Yf-strrday's meeting of the directors
broke tip in a wrangle. President Rea
and his colleagues are not working to
• gether. Rea lias adopted a clever way
of trying to rid the board of Directors
Joins. Stock. Calliseh and Katon. The
latter four are incline! to fight the as
sessment. Rea, during a heated discus
sion at the meeting, drew ?20 out of his
i pocket and paid the $10 assessment on the
, share he represents as trustee for a minor
son, and risked that the balance be ap- ;
plied on the JIOO assessment duo on the
ten shares Director Simpson represents
' for h son. Rea also proposes to pay
something on Director I Minion's assess
• mem. The fact that the other four direct
. ors are going to fight the assessment
makes them liable to forfeiture of office,
, and President Rea Is playing a smooth
little game to unseat them.
I; is estimated that not over 20 per cent
, of SlfiO.itfO the $10 per share assessment
- ought to bring in can be collected, and
then only after hard legal battles.
REDWOOD'S TRUSTEES
WILL ISSUE BONDS
Money to Be Used for the Installation
of an Electric Light
Plant.
REDWOOD CITY. June 27.-The Board
of Town Trustees has just passed an or
dinance creating a bonded indebtedness
and providing for the issuance of the
bonds for the electric light plant recently
voted by the citizens of Redwood. Two
propositions were submitted to the elec
tors and hnth were carried. The bonds
for the purpose mentioned above will 1,.
Bold Immediately and the watrrpipe
bonds will be issued as soon as the price
of pipe falls.
As soon as the electric light bonds an
sold, which will be in a few weeks, the
Trustees will commence the work of in
stalling the plant. The work will be
completed as soon as possible. The Trus
tees expect to receive a large revenue
from the proposed Improvement, which in
time will materially lessen the burdens of
the taxpayers. It is thought the plant
will be in working order by the lirst of
October.
ELECTION CONTEST GOES OVER
Nevada's Supreme Court Adjourns
Until Aftsr the Fourth.
(ARSON CITY. June 27.— Governor Sad
ler finished his count this morning in th<>
Kubornatori.il contest, the final county
being Churchill. Little gnin was made by
him in this county and McMillan won no
advantage. In the afternoon McMillan
resumed his case, introducing Ormsby
County. The First Ward developed nine
objections on his part, while Sadler filed
eleven. McMillan will probably pain one
in this ward by actual count. The Second
Ward proved poor ground fur both con
testants.
The counsel for McMillan brought things
to a sudden halt by petitioning the court
for a continuance pending- the arrival of
White Pine County ballots. The court en
tertained the plea, adjourning until July
C. McMillan's attorneys also asked for
the privilege of re-examining the ballots
objected to by Sadler. This was denied
by the court. No decision will be filed un
til the full testimony is in on both sides.
Court adjourned until July 6.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
SAILED,
Tuesday, June ' 27,
Stmr Nnyo, Johnson. Fort Bra#K.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived June 27— Ger
barks Plus and Prompt, from Port Townsend.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed June Schr
Corinthian, for San Francisco.
REDDING ELECTS
THREE SOVEREIGNS
REDDING, June 27.— The popular vot
ing contest to elect three young ladies to
preside over Redding's Fourth of July
celebration is over. The three selected
constitute a happy choice. Miss Ger
trude Lange was elected Goddess of Llb
erty; Miss Laura White, Columbia, and
Miss Edith Ashiield, Justice.
The close of the contest was most ex
citing. During the nine hours ending at
9 o'clock Saturday evening there were
14,513 votes cast. The final count made
at that hour showed that Miss Lange had
forged ahead into first place from sec^
HELDMANN HAS
THE WINNING HAND
The Priest Has a Very
Large Following.
WILL MAKE LORIMER HUSTLE
CONSIDERED THE STBjONGEST
MAN THAT CAN BE PUT UP.
He Is Waiting the Consent of Arch
bishop Feehan, and if This Is
Given Will Enter Boldly
Into the Race.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, June 27.— A special
from Chicago to the Herald says: Re
publican and Democratic leaders are
alike agreed that Father George D.
Heldmann of St. Paul's Roman Catho
lic church, Chicago, whose name has
been mentioned as candidate for the
Democratic nomination for Congress
In the Second District, would be a
strong man to contest the seat with
Representative Lorimer, the present
Republican member. Father Held
mann's statement of the situation is as
follows:
"I can say without vanity that I am
favored not alone by my own parish
ioners, but by the Catholics and Ger
mans of this district. I have always
been a Democrat, and there is no law,
ecclesiastical or civil, which prevents
the election of a Catholic priest to
Congress."
In case Archbishop Feehan gives his
consent to Father Heldmann's becom
ing a candidate, he will undoubtedly
receive the nomination. Republicans
generally admit that Father Heldmann
would be one of the strongest can
didates that could be put forward, and
If he is nominated it is doubtful if the
Republicans will make any nomination
against him. It is said to be doubtful,
however, whether Archbishop Feehan
will consent to the priest accepting the
nomination, as he is known to be op
posed to clergymen mixing up in poli
tics.
Father Heldmann was born in Chi
cago fifty-one years ago, and has lived
here all his Hfe. He is of German ex
traction, and was prominent at the
mass-meeting called by German-
Americans to protest against a Brit
ish-American alliance.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Senator Stewart Pleads With the
President on Behalf of Captain
Neall.
WASHINGTON. June 27.— Senator Wil
liam M. Stewart of Nevada called at th<>
Executive Mansion to-day and held a
conference with the President regarding
the case of Captin John M. Neall, of the
Fourth Cavalry. The sentence of the
court-martial was dismissal, and Sena
tor Stewart is endeavoring to have tho
sentence modified. He became intfrested
in the case through Bonanza King John
W. M.ukay, who visited Washington per
sonally several weeks ago to plead Neall' 3
case. President McKlnley received th=>
record of the case only a few days prior
to his departure for New England and
has not had an opportunity to review i lie
matter. He has intimated that he would
begin the consideration of the case im
mediately.
Adjutant General Corbin said to-day
that it was the intention of the depnri
miTt to have every volunteer regiment
homeward bound by the middle of July.
The Surgeon General has reported that
it would be bad policy to have the vol
unteers reach the United States during
the cool fall months.
Pat-Hie Coast patents were granted to
day as follows:
California— Thomas A. Smith, Azusa,
switch and means of operating same
Francis C. Bates. San Jose, assignor of
one-half to \V. Y. Hawley, postal box
signal; John A. Bilz. Pleasanton, culti
vator; John Brower, San Francisco, wail
for buildings; Wallace A. Dunton, Loa
Angeles, irrigator; John C. Sanies, San
Francisco, tricycle for Invalids; Henry H.
Gorter, San Francisco, assignor to Ai. K.
Gorter. nozzle: Henry S. Grace. San
Francisco, assignor of three-fourths to
S. N. Rucker, San Jose, half hat fasien
er; Louis O. Lieber, Los Angeles, dynamo
electric machine; Charles K. Rosenberg,
San Francisco, temporary binder; Charlos
H. Mullen. San Francisco, bed lounge;
William Wood. Banta. propeller; Hans C.
Behr. San Francisco, hoisting machinery.
Oregon— John A. Fugate, Irving, screen
or riddle.
Washington— John P. Esveldt. Hartford
tube cutter; Sam P. Mackey, Ridgefield
weighing machine; George W. McLeod.
Tacoma, retort for making wood gas;
ond, which she had held from the com
mencement of the contest.
Miss Lange will make an ideal poddess.
She is a very pretty girl of stately mem
and !s one of the most popular young
women In Redding. Miss Lange'e reign
will be well supported with Miss Laura
White and Miss Edith Ashfield In the
other honored places.
The Fourth of July celebration in Red
ding tl'is year pives every promise of be
ing the most successful ever held in the
extreme northern counties. The final
preparations for each of the many fea
tures are proceeding very successfully.
Anthony P. Pritchard, Tacoma, burglar ,
alarm for safes.
Captain Harlow L. Street, formerly of I
Sonora, left Washington to-day for San j
Francisco, where he will report for duty !
in the subsistence department of the :
United States army.
The postofflce at Toolwass, Kern Coun
ty, will be discontinued after July 15. Mail
should be sent to Langdon.
Captain Daniel J. Carr. Volunteer Sig- |
nal Corps, has been ordered from this
City to Angel Island to take command of
the signal company at that point, des
tined for the Philippines.
Captain Robert W. Rose is assigned to
the Twenty-first United States Infantry. j
Ho is relieved from recruiting duty and
will proceed to San Francisco and report
In person to the commanding general, De.
partment of California, for assignment
to temporary duty.
By direction of the Acting Secretary of
War, Lieutenant Colonel Stephen P. Joce
lyn. Twenty-fifth United States Infantry,
is relieved from duty as chief mustering
officer at Camp Meade and will proceed to
San Francisco and report in person to the
commanding general. Department of Cali
fornia, for duty as chief mustering officer
In connection with the muster out of vol
unteer troops returning from the Philip
pine Islands, and upon the completion of
this duty will proceed to join his regi
ment.
Captain Charles 1... Beckurts, Sixteenth
United States Infantry, is relieved from
duty as assistant mustering officer at
Camp Meade and will proceed to San
Francisco and report for duty as assistant
to Lieutenant Colonel Jocelyn.
First Lieutenant Thomas W. Darrah,
Twentieth United States Infantry; First
Lieutenant E. Q. Ovenshine, Sixteenth
Infantry; Captain Edwin It. Chrisman,
Twentieth Infantry; First Lieutenant
John Robertson. Sixth Infantry, and First
Lieutenant Clarence N. Purely, Sixth In
fantry, will report to the commanding
officer. Department of California, for
duty as assistant mustering out officers.
The following named enlisted men, sup
posed to be stationed at the Presidio of
San Francisco, will be discharged from
the service of the United States by the
commanding officer of that post: Private
Robert Hamilton. Fourth Cavalry, unas
signed; Private James M. Grant, Third
Artillery, unasslgned: Private Charles
E. Douglas, Fourth Infantry, on
assigned; Privates Michael J. Han
non and Leo A. Mcßrian, band Four
teenth Infantry; ; Recruits Joseph W.
Harshbarper, James B. Hinkley, John A.
Kennedy. Charles R. Nelson, William E.
Strape, Paul L. Thompson and Henry S.
Vail, general service.
Sergeant Middleton Saddler, Company
D, Twenty-fifth Infantry, Fort Mclntosh,
Texas, is transferred as private to Com
pany X, Twenty-fifth Infantry. He will
be sent to the Presidio of San Francisco,
and upon arrival will report to the com
manding officer for duty.
Pensions for Californlans— Original:
Joseph Bryson, Veterans' Home, Napa, $8;
Matthew J. Anthony, Boulder Creek, $6.
Oregon— lncrease: Charles Fresh, Bak
er City $8 to $10.
Washington — Increase: Special, June
17— Peter Gorman, Soldiers' Home, Pierce.
$4 to $6. Original: Widows, Hanna
Gard, Vancouver, $8. .__
SORROWING THOUSANDS
FOLLOW HIS BIER
The Body of Brave Ensign Monaghan
Taken to Its Last Resting
Place.
SPOKANE. June 27.— Three thousand
people were in the sad procession ihat
followed the late Ensign Robert Mona
ghan from the City Hail to Gonzaga
Chapel, while 26,000 more lined the streets
on th<- line of march.
Former Senator John T. \Vi!son deliv
ered the eulogy at the public gathering,
and Father Jacquet, Monaghan's teacher
In boyhood, also delivered an address. A
soli run requiem mass, all the Catholic
i rliTgymfn in the city participating, w..-;
celebrated at the church, which vraa
i crowded to overflowing by the Immediate
friends and relatives. The United States
i regulars. State militia, fire and police de
partments and secret societies partici
pated in the services. Monaghan was in
terred at Fairmount beside the gra\f of
his mother, who died just before he sailed
i for Samoa on the Philadelphia,
DEATH OF CHARLES COOLEY.
Was One of the Noted Miners of the
Early Days.
CLrOVERDALE, June 27.— Charles 11.
Cooley, a most respected citizen of this
place, died here this morning-.
Mr. Cooley came to California in charge
of a large company of miners in ISSO from
Ohio and settled near the Sacramento
River. Tiring of mining, he came to
Cloverdale in ISSI. and has lived here
since that time on the best and largest
piece of farm land in Northern Sonoma
County. He was a member of the Assem
bly in 1876 and 1878 and was Justice of
the Pea.cc for Cloverdale township for a
number of years.
Mr. Cooley leaves a family of four
children. John B. and Ed. A. Cooley,
Mrs. \Y. I). Sink of Cloverdale and Van
R. Cooley of Oakland. He will be buried
Thursday under the auspices of Curtis
Lodge No. 140, F. and A. M.
Yolo's Big Fruit Crop
WOODLAND, June 27.— Rumsey is a
small town in the extreme western por
tion of Yolo. It is one of the smallest
shipping points In Capay Valley. A spe
cial to the Democrat gives some idea of
the importance of the fruit industry in
Western Yolo. It says: The fruit season
has been a busy one. In some Instances
much fruit has gone to waste for want
of help to care for it in season. Nearly
twenty cars of fruit have been shipped
from this point thus far. The early fruit
season is about at an end. There is quite
a. crop of later fruit, the most of which
will be dried.
FLOODS ALONG
COLUMBIA RIVER
Damage Between Van
couver and Astoria.
THE WATERS ARE RECEDING
SILT LEFT BY OVERFLOW A
COMPENSATING BENEFIT.
The Flood Has Been Twenty Feet
Above Mean Low Water and
Has Caused Considerable
Damage to Crops.
Special Dispatch ;• Tfc
TACOMA, June 27.— Men Jusl re
turned from Portland and the Colum
bia River Valley report that great
damage is being caused by inundations
along the Columbia River between
Vancouver and Astoria. Many thou
j sand acres of farm lands have been
overflowed. Hundreds of ranchers
have moved to high lands, taking their
cattle and farm animals. The inundat
ed district includes a large stretch of
farming lands lying along the Oregon
bank of the Columbia between the
mouth of the Willamette and Goble.
Many farmhouses are filled with water
up to their second story and barns like
wise. Savvies Island is entirely over
flowed and all the inhabitants have
been obliged to flee. This is one of the
most important islands In the Colum
bia River, being the neat of extensive
farming operations.
Savvies Island receives a compensat
ing benefit from these periodical over
flows in that the silt left by overflowing
waters nearly doubles the crops grown
for several successive years. At Ka
| lama the Northern Pacific tracks and
I depot are under water. The single track
{ remaining in use is built up on the bluff
! side and considerably above water. For
many miles northward from Kalama
farms are under water on both sides of
the Northern Pacific.
While the waters lack seven or eight
feet of being as high as during the
great flood of 1894, they are said to be
causing more damage than during any
previous high water, excepting that
one. The waters are believed to have
reached. their highest point and are re
ceding some to-day. Travelers who re
turned from Portland to-night state
that nearly a mile of warehouses along
the Willamette River are flooded. Some
of these warehouses are two or more
stories high and the upper floors are
filled chiefly with grain.
A special from Vancouver, Wash.,
says. The Columbia River has been
nearly at a standstill for twenty-four
hours. The highest point reached was
twenty-four feet ten Inches above
mean low water. The high -water has
caused considerable damage to crops
and property on river bottoms and
along the water fro-nt.
A vast accumulation of driftwood
collided with the solitary bridge pier in
the Columbia in the lower part of the
city, wrecking the wooden framework
at the upper side of the pier. This pier
was built for the Union Pacific Rail
road in 1890 and cost $200,000. The
river, where it covers the Columbia
Slough, on the Oregon side, where it is
crossed by a long trestle supporting the
street-car line, presents an interesting
sight. The water for nearly two mllen
is within five feet of the track and in
several places passes under the trstle
in a swift current, caus'jag passengers
to be nervous when passing over these
places.
SUGAR WAR MAY NOW
BE FINALLY SETTLED
Report Not Confirmed, but General
Anxiety to Make Money
Gives It Strength.
NEW YORK. June 2S.— The Tribune
says: The report that the sugar war has
j been practically settled finds many be
lievers in Wall street, although it has had
no official confirmation. "Wall Street
Topics, discussing the losses incurred in
this contest by the sugar company and
ita competitors, will say in its issue to
; day:
The cost of the war to the sugar trust
! (the American Sugar Refining- Company)
i cannot be far from $10,000,000. The cost to
I Arbuckle Brothers and to Doscher (New
' York Sugar Refining Company) is insig
: nificant compared with the cost to the
sugar trust.
Arbuckle Brothers and Doscher are will
ing to follow the trust in advances, for
they are anxious to make money. They
i will co-operate with the trust should It
make a difference of 90 cents, which was
; the difference prevailing before the sugar
i war began.
WHOLESALE GROCERS
ORGANIZE A TRUST
lowa Business Men Appoint One Man
to Do All of Their
Buying.
DES MOINES. June 27.— 10wa whole- j
sale grocers formed a trust of their own 1
to-day. The plan is to have one man
buy all the goods handled by the leading
jobbers of the State. In a statement
given out by the officers of the combina- |
tion it Is said the products handled shall !
be limited to California canned fruits, I
salmon, cereals, syrups, etc. Parties who
claim to be acquainted with the real ob
jects of the organization say that the ,
"etc." is to cover practically all good*
handled by wholesale grocers in lowa,
although the experiment will first be triea
with California fruits.
One man will do all the buying. F. C.
Letts of Marstaalltown is to be the man.
: It is believed when the organization has
perfected its plans it will expend through
its one buyer in the neighborhood of $20,
--' 000.000 a year.
j The houses joining the organization be
i lieve they will be able to buy goods from
I 5 to 15 per cent cheaper than tindfr the
system of every house buying its own
goods.
Railß for the "Gap
SANTA BARBARA, Juno 27.—Twenty
oars of rail? to be used at this end of the
"pap" between Elwood and Surf arrived
I this evening and will leave for the camp
iin the morning. Eighty carloads are now
at Los Angeles awaiting shipment. The
S Southern Pacific Company will operate a
special work train between here and Surf
! beginning next week.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh street, corner Mission. Salt
water direct from the ocean.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
"Uneasy Lies the Head
That Wears a Crown/
But such are not the only uneasy heads.
Overworked, harrassed, anxious people of
all ages and both sexes are uneasy <with
aches, pains, impure blood, disordered
stomachs, deranged kidneys and liver.
For all such, Hood's Sarsaparilla is the
effective and faultless cure. It infuses
fresh life through purified blood.
4i -ay yy -__ ■■£%'*'
ADVERTISEMENTS.
T
Why Some Men Are Never
i Satisfied With Themselves
or the World at Large.
How to Cure the Chronic "Kick-
ing" Habit.
We seldom enter into conversation with
a man nowadays who does not speak bit-
I terly of his lot. In fact the closing years
of the Nineteenth Century is an age of
pessimism. Some are dissatisfied with
I their business affairs, many complain at
: the manner in which the war on the Phil-
ippine Islands is being conducted, while
others are unhappily married. The great
mass of men, however, young or old, mar-
ried or single, have some bodily ailment.
The latter class can overcome their
troubles more easily than the man who ia
embarrassed financially or annoyed with
family, social matters or affairs of state. i
Men who are suffering with a disease o.J^-
embarrassed by a weakness can be re-
j lieved if they will place their health in the
hands of California's famous specialists.
iDr Meyers & Co. Thousands of men on
i the Pacific Coast are talking about the
I good work accomplished by these physl-
■ cions. Thousands more are talking about
1 their peculiar business methods, but more
dally of their terms of payment.
The fact that the price of a cure may be
I deposited in any bank or with any re-
sponsible business house in San Francisco,
to be paid to Dr. Meyers & Co. only when
: the patient is permanently cured, is a
1 revelation to many. If. however, the suf-
ferer is not prepared to deposit the price
I of a cure at one time, payments may be
1 made in weekly or monthly installments.
The staff of Dr. Meyers & Co. is com-
,' posed of physicians of the highest stand-
ing and the widest ;yid most successful
experience as specialists. Among the ail-
ments they cure are the following: Lost
1 Vigor, Premature Decay, Unnatural
! Losses, Wasting Drains, Nervous Debil-
: ity, Stricture, Rupture, Tumors, \ arico-
cele. Diseases of the Kidney, Bladder,
i Liver, Spleen, Spine, Heart, Blood, Skin,
i Stomach, Eye, Ear, Lungs, Head, Nose
I and Throat.
A man who will go through life weak
• and diseased is very unwise when strength
, and robust health can be had for the ask-
ing. Dr. Meyers & Co. have proved in
: thousands of cases that they can do all
1 they claim. Their long experience, suc-
cessful and increasing practice on the Pa-
cific Coast, Is evidence of their superior
skill, methods and remedies.
Home cures— Dr. Meyers & Co. cure a
' great many patients every year without
seeing them. Those who are interested
i should write for question list, free advice
and full particulars. All correspondence
! •confidential.
Private book free— Dr. Meyers & Co.
! have recently issued a new book. "Private
j Counselor and Marriage Guide," for men
only. This little publication, which is sent
I sealed to all who write, or given to all
j who call at the office, contains a great
deal of valuable information for men,
young or old, sick or well, married or sin-
! gle.
Dr. Meyers & Co. have long been perma-
nently located at 731 Market street. San
i Francisco, where they have the largest
■ and best equipped Medical Institution in
! America. Consultation and advice always
i free. Their office hours are from 8 to 5
i daily, 7 to S evenings, and from 9 to 11 on
: Sundays. Elevator entrance.
f^^^^^a^^,^^^^,.^^^^
A visit DR. JORDAN'S great^
OF ANATOMY^
$ £& IC:iKAE*ZTST.tet.6*S7ti,S.F.C:I. i
" X3f The Largest Anatomical Museum in th» \
1 I "^^Lfc^ World. \^ raknes^es cr 4ny contracted B
jffi~ j^Sfr disease po*ltiv«-Iy«-ur»-d by the i Idesr V
9 Jfg S| il P =clill! - ton the Coast. Est. 36 year' 9
1 $;33f8 OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES d
\ ftfSfiefbQ Consultation free and strictly private. \
i 1 IJ x,y«iy{l OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES i
VtflnM Consultation free and stri-tiy private \
VH if lift Write Cure In every case undertaken. of T
Aft I WSS Wri"! for Honk, PniI.OSUPHY of i
r • I W™ MtDBIAGE, MAILED FREE, (A™
\ ft lli valuable book for tnrn) 1
r DR. <H)RDAXACO., 1051 Market St.. S. F. V
REGISTRATION OF VOTERS
I FOR THE-i-
-! PRIMARY AND MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS.
REGISTRATION FOR THE PRIMARY AND
Municipal Elections Is now open . at tb»
office of the Registrar of Voters, at the City
Hall, McAllister-street entrance. Registration
; for the purposes of the Primary Election (to
I be held on August 8, 1599) WILL, CEASE JULY
I 22, 1899, and for the Municipal Election (to b«
! held on November 7. 1899) will continue to and
j including October 12. 1899, when all registra-
-1 tion w.'l cease. All qualified electors who
! were registered a* the last General Election,
I or who have registered since that time, AND
] WHO V ILL. HAVE CONTINUED TO RESIDES
! WITHI-T THEIR RESPECTIVE ELECTION
PRECINCTS, shall be entitled to vote at said
election** without other or additional registra-
] tion. ALL OTHER PERSONS claiming to bo
1 entitled; to vote at any of the aforesaid elec-
. tions nrist be registered upon the Register of
j the CIV? and County as an elector of and
i within *he election precinct wherein he claims
j to be entitled to vote. Office open from 9 a. m.
to 6 p. m.
By order of the Board of Election Commis-
sioners. •
• J. ETEPPACHER. Registrar of Voters.
PChleheiter** Eaj>U«b Diamond Brand. ''-
ENiBYROYAL PILLS
~<S»"~V 8»?^ IIT1 l Tf l ?.ii On lTe * a " lla *' A
a»re, *!w»yi reliable ladies lit jS\
AJLi^VKI lm-.»dst for CMchisttr t Pn-glUh ZKi./jrVi
lr^WWf>Ka m< Brand In Bed and Gold metdl'ioV^^P
i T-v . ZVrt#2t'o *m. sealed with bins ribbon. Take \Tr
T?3 *^ WfJno other. Refute danj»rvL.t tuhitittr V
1/ ~ fir now and imitations. At Druggist*, or «ea4 4*,
1 *• J[ >n tt»rap» for particulars, testimonials tad
W* Jw '-*Hni '»' T.adlcn," inietur, br retara
! ■^V If Mall. 10,000 TMtimonia!i. Xma.i Paper.
_, > * I- "7 Chl«heaterCSesnlcalCo. < >In4!ft<niSfl«arfw
itU by «11 Local l>ra«riBt«- I*ll ft A F?
fiVJI!I,'7iWW
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
Paris, I. EBPIC ; New York, E. FCDGERA 4' CO. fj
SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS.
&Jr FAVORITE
iRFSfRIPTifIN
RPTTQHi7Q FOR BARBERS. BAK.
DllUOflJuO '". bootblacks, bath-
j houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, flounnillß. foundries, laundries, paper-
hanger*, printers, painters, shoe factories.
(tablemen, tar-rnr.f<>n> tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Man uf act urara. 609 Sacramento Sk
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNEY AND WASHINGTON* STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms 60c to SI 50 day
15 to 18 week; $8 to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; fire grates in every
; room; elevator runs all night.
lA/. T. HESS,
HOTIRY PUBLIC AN ATTO?.NET-ir L&TT,
i Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus SpreckeU Bid*
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. 621 California St.. below PowdU.
San Francisco.
fc ■ -.3%
JV^SU MARKET ST. S.fSb/_
Weeßy Call, $1.00 YearTRAVERSES
THE WILDS
OF SIBERIA
Remarkable Journey of Mrs.
Stevens, an American
Woman.
ACROSS THHTEPPES
Accompanies Her Husband Over the
Route of the Trans-Siberian
Railway.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
.': VICTORIA. June 27.— Among the
passengers who arrived on the Empress
'of China to-day was Mrs. M. M. Ste
:vens ; wife of the manager in Russian
Asia of the Baldwin Locomotive Works
Of Philadelphia, who a short time ago
■completed a journey hitherto une<iualed
fry an American woman. She accom
panied her husband across the great
Siberian wastes and steppes, over the
.•uncompleted trans-Siberian Railway
and by wagon and tarantass from St.
Petersburg to Vladivostok. The long
and arduous Journey of 9577 versta was
accomplished in forty-two days-
It was a race against time. During:
last August, when her husband, who
is now at Vladivostok, was residing in
the Russian capital, he received a tele
gram from the Baldwins telling him
that seventy-seven locomotives were on ;
the way to the Siberian coast and
(would arrive about two months after
the message was received. He imme
diately made arrangements with the
Russians for a special train and they
hurried aJong the rails to Zema, where
the. road then ended. There arrange
•.monts were made whereby a car was
' attached to the construction train and
■ the two Americans journeyed on over
•the unballasted trail and loosely laid
rails to within seven versts of Irkutsk,
■.the Siberian capital. Thence they went
■on •in , peasants' wagons—uncomforta
ble, ■ sprir.gless vehicles which made
/them think comfort was a lost joy.
■ Thus they reached Lake Baikal,
where they caught a steamer in which
they crossed the big inland water. The
comfort of the steamer, such as it was,
•however, soon passed, and again they
journeyed In the jolting but pictu
resque tarantass for days. They ac- ;
complished .1058 versts in the springless
vehicle with but one interruption, when
•they were stopped by a band of exiles
who presumably meant to rob them.
JVhen the gold braid and brass buttons
of the Russian officials who accompa
nied them were seen they decamped.
.After s' . eral days of this tiring
method of travel they reached Strie
tence, which is to be the western
terminus of the line, Mrs. Stevens said,
for the directors have decided to take
the traveler thence to Vladivostok by
steamer, or by the projected railway .
through Manchuria to Xewchwang
and Port Arthur.
From Strietence they took a steamer
trip 300 ver.-us down the Chilka River |
to wh-^re that river and the Agroon form
the source of the Amur, and thence :
down the Amur to Vladivostok.
The Traps-Siberian Railway, Mrs. :
Stevens says, will not be connected for i
several years yet.
•'They say two years, but I think It
will he considerably longer than that
before this is opened," she said.
. It is a fine line and, when completed,
will be remarkable in many ways. It Is
the longest railway In the world. It
has some exceedingly lengthy and
strong bridges, and some other great
works of engineering skill. The loco
motives are all of American make. The
F.eventy-seven sent by the Baldwin peo
ple ire now being fitted up at Port
.Arthur and Vladivostok — forty at Port
Arthur and thirty-seven at Vladivos
tok. The Trans-Siberian is not the only
line on which the American locomotive
building firm is putting engines. Some
are now on the way to the Far East
• for the Imperial Chinese and other lines
•being constructed. Some are also being
sont to Japan.
; The change in the plans of the rail
way whereby it goes thr<->UE:h Northern
China is said to be due to the fact that
Russia has found big swamps in the
i-riginal route projected to Vladivostok.
Xow it wishes to give up this route and
construct a line directly from Kiachta
to Peking, following the old caravan
route. Thence the line would lead via
Mukden to Newchwang and Port Ar
thur, with a branch line to Vladivostok.
•During my stay in Vladivostok,"
says Mrs. Stevens, "I was impressed
■with the way Russians are hurrying
troops to the coast. Some 2000 Cossacks
arrived there from Odessa during my
stay, and 1000 were coming on one ship.
Many are also being rushed to Port
Arthur, but I do not know in what
numbers. All are coming by steamers,
for the railroad line Is not near enough
completed to allow of transportation of
troops."
KOREAN MOB MURDERS
STREETCAR MOTORMEN
Takes Awful Vengeance Because of
the Accidental Killing of
Children.
VICTORIA, B. C, June News was
sbrought by the Empress of China, which
arrived to-day from the Orient, of a big:
-riot at Seoul, the Korean capital, in
which the ten cars owned by the electric
railway recently established there were
smashed and burned and several of the
tramway employes killed. A number of
the Japanese and European motormen
"saved their lives by flight
• The carp, like those in use In many
American cities, are without fenders, and i
•■:?«• v« ral children have been run over and
■killed since the service opened in Seoul.
j.The; killing of another child on May 26
last brought matters to a climax, and a
mob of between 400 and 500 persons
gathered. Two cars wore found together
■ and: these were surrounded by the rioters. '
Who were greatly excited. They killed
those fn charge of the cars, and, after
smashing, the cars; piled the debris In a
heap and destroyed it by fire.
: The mob, which was incensed against
the company not only because of the
death of the children; but also because of
■the drought, the Ignorant class attribut
ing it to the construction of the tramway
(service, then went to where the remaining:
cars-were and destroyed them one after
another. Including the Emperor's car.
This was a car reserved for the exculsive I
use of the Emperor. It was richly up
holstered and the windows were em- !
blazoned with the Korean arms. Large I
platforms at each Bide furnished room
for the accompanying guard.
The road had been opened but two
weeks when the riot occurred. The open
ing was made the occasion of a demon
stration by the Emperor, who himself
pulled the lever of the company's power
house and started the service on May S.
Merced's Marshal Dead
MERCED, June 17.— Thomas F. Car-
A riKan, City Marshal of Merced, died In
* Pan Francisco this morning: of dropsy. He
'. had boon suffering- for some time from
the disease and a few months ago was
. taken to San Francisco for medical treat
" -mem. Carrigan was 45 years of age and
■'" -a native of California. In ISH2 he was
.-elected City Marshal, which office he held
at the time of his death.
WHICH ONE WILL CLING TO THE BEAST ?
NINE NEW REGIMENTS
TO BE SENT OTIS
PRESIDENT READY
TO FURNISH PLENTY
OF FRESH TROOPS
Military Governor of the Philip
pines Has Only to Ask for
What He Wants.
CALL Headquarters, Wel
lington Hotel, Washing
ton, June 27. — While no
decision has yet been reached as
to the number of men to be
i raised for the provisional army,
the President has authorized the
continuation of enlistments be
yond the number required for the
regular army. This means that
the President proposes to have
enough soldiers ready for service
should further consideration
show the necessity of providing
Otis with additional troops.
It seems to be the impression
in army circles that nine regi
ments, sufficient to form three
brigades, a total of 14,130 men,
will be organized and put in con
dition to be sent to the Philip
pines in time to assist in opera
tions in the fall. The question of
raising part of the provisional
army was discussed to-day by the
President with Secretary Alger,
Adjutant General Corbin and
several other members of the
Cabinet who called at the White
House. Some of these insisted
that General Otis was the best
judge of the number of men he
requires, and as he has said that
30,000 were sufficient they were
opposed to sending more. They
finally authorized Secretary Al
gar to continue recruiting so that
it will be possible, should it be so
desired, to form new regiments
from the recruits obtained.
Should it be decided not to or
garyze these then the recruits will
be distributed among the regular
regiments, to take the places of
men who are invalided home or
whose terms of enlistment have
expired. The recruits enlisted
will be sent to Manila as prompt
ly as possible, in order to keep
General Otis' effective fighting
force at 30.000 men. Adjutant
General Corbin said to-day that
under the provisions of the army
reorganization law the President
was compelled to "raise volun
teer regiments" and could not
muster in State organizations, i
Officers, he said, would be ap- !
pointed by the President and 1
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JIXE 28, 1899.
VON DEIDERICHS
GETS A LETTER
FROM DEWEY
VANCOUVER. B. C. June 27.—
Admiral Dowry has contradicted
the story of his reported feelings
and statements at the time against
th«- Germans at Manila.
Admiral yon Deiderlchs received a
letter from Dewey, which explained
briefly that he had not made the
statements that were attributed to
him about blowing the Germans as
well as the Spaniards out of the
water If the former Interfered with
the conduct of affairs in any way.
The North China News says that
It wa.= Informed that as the Ger
man admiral was passing through
Hongkong homeward bound in the
Prince Heinrich he received the let
ter from Admiral Dewey expressing
the latter's regret at the unfounded
statements made as to thoir rela
tions at Manila. The German ad
miral asked for permission to pub
lish the letter and this was readily
granted. A peculiar feature was
that when this announcement was
made from Admiral Dewey on the
German ship the Germans actually
raised hearty cheers for the Amer
icans.
r men recruited from the country
at large.
OTIS' LATEST LIST OF
LOSSES AT MANILA
"WASHINGTON, June 27.— General Otis
has forwarded to the "War Department
the following list of additional casualties:
KILLED.
Fourteenth Infantry— At Guadaloupe
Hill. June 10. Girard Stmmper.
Ninth Infantry— At Zapote, June IS
Company I, Alfred Mohoney.
Twenty-first Infantry— Company F, Cor
?ornl John B. Gorstner; Company I,
oseph Cn>gan.
WOUNDED.
Ninth Infantry— Company C. First Ser
geant Rnmero T. Perry, back, slight.
Twenty-first Infantry — Company I,
Charles Overton. shoulder, slight; James
Curran, ba*'k. moderate.
Fourth Infantry— Near Imus, June 20,
Company I, William A. Mulhey, abdomen!
pevere; Company E, John Noland, head,
moderate; David G. Wadlington, face
slipht.
Seventeenth Infantry— Near Ban Fer
nando, June 22. Company D, Albert R.
Davis, leg, slipht; Company E, Musician
William O. Carroll, forehead, slight.
ALGER SUPPRESSES THE
REPORT OF ANDERSON
NEW YORK. June 27.— A World spe
cial from Washington says: The re
port of Brigadier General T. M. Ander
son, which, army men declare, severely
criticized Major General Otis' conduct
of the campaign in the Philippines,
will not be made public by the War
Department. It is in the possession of
Adjutant General Corbin, who declares
that it is of no public interest. These
ar^ the same tactics as those pursued
•.vith Colonel Roospvelt's report upon
the Santiago campaign.
General Anderson was in command
of the first division of the Eighth Army
Corps under General Otis, but was re
called and is now in command of the
Department of the Lakes at Chicago.
His brother officers say he Is a man
given to frank and vigorous declara
tions of his opinions, and they believe
that in his report he sets forth General
Otis' error in supposing that all the In
surgents were north of Manila, and
that once they were whipped the rebel
lion would be over. General Anderson,
it Is said, insisted that the province of
Cavite was full of Apruinaldo's men,
and that they should not be neglected.
The battles to the south of Manila
having proved the wisdom of his propo
sition the report has been suppressed.
The current Issue of the Army and
Navy says: "Where Is General Ander
son's report? It would appear from
what we can learn that General Ander-
Bon did not agree with General Otir, as
to the proper conduct of operations,
and as he Is accustomed to expressing
his opinions frankly he has no doubt
said so. Still it would Beem to be better
to make the report public."
GROWING DISCONTENT
IN AMERICAN ARMY
VANCOUVER. B. C, June 27. -Louis
La Dow, who recently arrived in Yoko
hama from Manila, Is quoted in late Jap
anese papers as having expressed the
conviction that the end of the war with
the Filipinos was by no means yet in
sight. The official reports of American
s, he said, were not wholly reliable,
as they made n<-> allowance for the num
bers who died in the hospital.
The number of Americans killed in bat
tles or who have died in the hospitals
since the outbreak of hostilities will he
thinks, easily roach 5000. The volunteer
- he regards as the flower of the
army of occupation, for their year's train
ing has made them as efficient as any
regulars in the world. Unfortunately the
more recent dispatches of reinforcements
are not nearly so good as the original
volunteers, who were not actuated by any
prospect of high pay but by patriotism or
love of adventure.
The later arrivals will require a good
deal of "licking Into shape." The original
army of occupation is not in a pleasant
frame of mind. It is, in the firm place
perfectly willing to fight against any
civilized power in ordinary warfare but
it objects to wasting lives and health
upon "niggers." as the soldiers con-
Jly call the Filipinos. The men
indulge In many growls at the necessity
which compels them to be on the '•qtii
vive" day and night in order not to be
caught napping by their cunning enemies.
One feature of the war is that although
so many natives have been killed very
few weapons have been captured. The
moment a Filipino falls there are ten
others ready to snatch up his rifle and
make off with it. Their numerical re
sources are practically inexhaustible,
whereas the Americans can obtain fresh
men only after long delays and at groat
expense. It is a remarkable fact that al
though the American troops have often
remained in the trenches with soaked
'•lothing for days at a time they have
never caught cold.
NIGHT'S DEBAUCH
MAY END IN DEATH
As a Result of a Row, Dan Christy
of Fresno Is Seriously
Wounded.
FRESNO, June 27.— As a result of a
row in the tenderloin district at 4:30
this morning Dan Christy, otherwise
known as Dan Donnelly, will undoubt
edly die from a bullet wound he re
ceived In the abdomen.
Christy had been in the company of
a woman known as "Mac," who, he
claims, robbed him of his money. After
a wordy argument with the woman
Christy Jumped from the window of her
house and. seeing Jack Brooks on the
street, commenced shooting at him.
Brooks stepped into a saloon and, se
curing a revolver, fired a number of
shots at Christy.
Policeman Rice, who had arrived on
the scene, fired at Christy, the bullet
entering the small of Christy's back
and cutting the Intestines In two
places. The wounded man was remov
ed to the county hospital, where Dr.
Davidson removed the bullet. Christy
is about 24 years of age and has a
mother living in Ireland.
A late Investigation of the case
shows that the bullet which wounded
Christy was, in all probability fired by
Jack Brooks and not Officer Rice.
Brooks has been arrested on a charge
of assault to commit murder.
Doherty Brothers Win.
LONDON. June 27.— 1n the championship
round in the lawn tennis games to-day,
the Brothers Doherty, holders of the
championship, beat Clarence Hobart and
Nlsbet, o to love. Miss Hillyard beat Miss
Cooper, holder of the ladies' champion
ship.
ACROSS CHINA
ON A BICYCLE
English Officer's Re
markable Trip.
ASTONISHED THE NATIVES
HIS WHEEL BEGABDED AS AN
INTEBNAL DEVICE.
Finally It Is Seized Upon and De
stroyed and He Completes His
Journey on a Camel's
Back.
Special IMsratoh to The Call.
VANCOUVER. B. C, June 27.—Cap
tain Wingate of the Fourteenth Ben
gal Lancers of the Indian army has
Just completed a remarkable trip
across China, He ■walked, wheeled and
rode on a camel's back for ten months,
making the trip from Shanghai, right
across the Yangtse Valley, through
Hunan and Thibet and as far as Ran
goon. The first part of the Journey
■was by far the most dangerous, as far
as the natives were concerned.
Captain "Wing-ate had great trouble
in conducting his cycling movements
without causing frequent riots among
the natives. On one occasion he en
tered a village and immediately was
surrounded by a big crowd of Chinese,
who thought the wheel was some
magic device that had come among
them. He succeeded in getting away i
: that time by "scorching," trusting to
I the astonishment of the natives as !
| proof against pursuit.
On another occasion he was unlucky
! enough to lose the wheel, for the na
tives in their anger destroyed it. He
was allowed to proceed unmolested and
1 gained a valuable Insight into the lives
jof the Chinese, especially a tribe of
! cave-dwellers, who lived on bats, rats
j and other small animal?.
On reaching the higher district of
! Hunan he found a great change, and he
! will recommend to tho Government
! that arrangements be made for the es
! tablishment of trading posts there.
The natives are large, strong-looking
and intelligent. As a matter of fact.
i they have, during recent years, filled
I almost all the ranks of the army. They
j have many tribal wars, but are always
: victorious over the hybrid nations sur
! rounding them. Their country has Im
mense pasture lands.
While passing through, Captain
Wlngate was unmolested, though the
i country Is reputed to contain the fiero
! est peode of the empire. They have
I frequently murdered missionaries, but
this was principally because the mis
sionaries had molested their arrange
! ments for the worship of their heathen
gods.
Captain "Wingate saw evidences of
cannibalism, particularly the eating of
the old people of th^ various tribes, in
nearly every village ho visited. He had
; great trouble in making the Journey
• across Thibet. Thp natives there were
continually forbidding him to pass and
threatening to seize him. Yet he found
them, to a great extent, honorable peo
ple, and If they agreed to deliver him
provisions they would usually fulfill
their contracts. He bought sevoral now
camels on the trip. He was eight
months and eleven days in crossing
Hunan and Thibet. He thinks that
, there are vast possibilities for trade in
the country.
PHILIPPINE PORTS
OPENED TO TRADE
MANILA, June 2«.— Major General Otis :
has ordered the opening to trade of many ,
important ports which have been closed !
since the outbreak. These Include San |
Fernando, on the west coast of Luzon; !
Aparrl, on the north coast; Curimoa and
all ports In the islands of Samar and :
Leyte.
Many ships used In interlsland com
merce have been tied up in the harbor
here for months and the shippers and
merchants have been urging the Govern
ment to raise the blockade. When the de
cision was made known yesterday the
scene in the custom house was as ani
mated as the floor of an American stock
exchange. It was a busy day. Ship own
ers rushed to get their clearance papers.
There will be a great boom in the hemp
business, which has been at a standstill.
The ships will race to bring the first cargo
before the demand weakens. As there Is .
a heavy export duty on hemp, this will .
greatly increase the revenues. The in
terests of the natives, as well as the mer
chants and traders generally, led General
Otis to take this action. Delegates from
the southern Islands told him that the'
cessation of business was bringing much
suffering to peaceful Inhabitants.
Gunboats will protect the shipping in
some ports, but elsewhere shippers must
risk confiscation by the Insurgents, who
exact heavy tribute for all ships they per- <
mit to sail.
The rumor that Aguinaldo had been as
sassinated was in circulation here for
several days. It was not believed, but its
currency gave it a detinit*' form. Ac
cording to the story. General Pio del Pilar
called upon Aguinaldo on June 19 and ac
cused him of having caused General
I. una to be killed. Aguinaldo denied re
sponsibility, and added that he deeply re
gretted Luna's death. General Pio del I
Pilar, as the story goes, called him a liar
and scoundrel, shot him twice in the head ;
with his revolver and walked away un- \
molested.
The report finds no credence In Manila.
A Filipino general, mounted on a big
horse, with a numerous staff, has since
been seen haranguing the Filipino troops i
around San Fernando, in Panv anga (
Province, and this officer is supposed to be
Aguinaldo.
Yesterday four gnns of Hobbs' Battery ■
and other artillery bombarded the Fili- ,
pir.o blockhouses and trenches about two
miles north of San Fernando. The block- I
houses, which had been used by Filipino
sharpshooters to annoy the American out
posts, were destroyed. The enemy made
no resistance.
Yesterday the Spanish Consul "General,
wearing a brilliant uniform, visited Major
General Otis. He was received in the
latter's office, which is hung with por- .
traits of Spanish royal personages. Ir. the i
course of a graceful speech he said the .
Spaniards In the Philippines would hold !
no resentment because of the past and
would entertain no sentiment but that
of respect toward the new regime.
ALLEGED ELECTION FRAUDS.
Political Factions in Larkspur and
Corte Madera at War.
SAN RAFAEL, June 27.— Several politi- ;
cal factions In the towns of Larkspur and
Corte Madera are engrossed in the pleas
ant pastime of hurling charge? and re- '
criminations at one another. On June 2 a
school election was held at Corte Madera
there being several rival tickets In the
field. The "foreign element." as the old
timers term it. won, and William East
man, Harry de Veuve Jr. and James
Brown were chosen Trustees. J. A. Gard
ner has issued a signed circular declaring
the election to have been a fraud from
start to finish; that the law was openly
violated and that corruption was prac
ticed.
Yesterday District Attorney Mclsaac
waa visited by Gardner and Louis Yes- i
aria, both of whom denounced the work
of the "bosses" and announced their in- ;
tention to employ counsel to assist in |
prosecuting the alleged malefactors. All
the principals to the affair are prominent |
citizens.
Strikers Win Their Points.
CHICAGO, June 27.— The unskilled la
borers at the Stock Vanis have won their
strike and to-day nearly 2WO m en who
have been idle for three or four days re
turned to work at an Increase of 25* cents
a day. This brings the wages of un- i
skilled labor to the standard of 1593.
STEAMER PAWNEE
BURNED AT SEA
Captain Barely Escapes
Death.
PLUNGES INTO THE WATER
PICKED UP WHEN COMPLETELY
EXHAUSTED.
Crew Had Previously Departed in th<3
Small Boats and All Are Taken
Aboard a Passing
Vessel.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WILMINGTON, X. C, June 27.-The
George W. Clyde, Captain Roberts, of the
Xew York-Clyde line, arrived in this port
at 11 o'clock this morning with Captain
A. D. Ingram and crew of the steamer
Pawnee on board. The Clyde had picked
them up from small boats very soon after
they had abandoned the Pawnee, which
was desoroyed by fire off Curricull on
Sunday night. The fire was discovered
at about midnight and had gained such
headway that every effort to check it
was futile. The flames leaped in great
volume from the forward hold of the ves
sel and dense smoke completely en
veloped the deck.
When the alarm was sounded Captain
Ingrram was asleep. No sooner had he
rushed out and taken in the situation
than he saw that if he saved his crew n>^
must act at once. While the crew
was manning the small boats Captain In
gram rushed into his cabin for some
valuables, which he hoped to save. When
he reached the ships side the boat had
drifted out of reach and about that time
the smoke shifted so as to envelop tuat
side of the vessel. The captain ordered
the crew to row the boat to windward.
This the men did. but in the meantime the
wind shifted again, the heat and smoke
forcing the crew to pull away without
their captain. There were made three
vain efforts of this kind, the boat being
rowed to first one side of the vessel and
then the other in attempts to reach the
captain.
Finally Captain Ingram leaped into the
water and swam two hundred feet or
more, finally reaching a boat, completely
exhausted and almost unconscious.
In the meantime the George W. Clyde
had sighted the Pawnee in flames and
picked up the captain and crew within
a few minutes.
Captain Ingram says the Pawnee had a
full cargo, principally lumber. There was
also a quantity of cotton. She cleared
for Brunswick last Friday.
Quadruped With Bullet-Proof Body.
Dr. F. Moreno, the < 'ommissioner of the
Argentine Republic, who is now in this
country in connection with the arbitra
tion over the boundary dispute with Chile,
has brought with hini to London. I h.-..r.
a piece of th° skin of the mysterious
quadruped which is said to exist in the
interior of the territory of Santa Cruz, in
Patagonia. According to the reports of
the Indians it is ;i strango creature, with
limner claws and a terrifying appearance,
impossible to kill because it has a bo ly
impenetrable alike to firearms and miss
iles. The pivce of skin which Dr. Moreno
has here fully confirms this description. I
am told by an expert who hns seen it.
and a close examination and study lead
to the conviction that the animal to which
the skin belonged was about the size of a
cow. This specimen will shortly be sen:
to the British Museum, but it may be
added that hopes are entertained that a
whole skin, with the skeleton, will before
long be obtained for the museum, slnc.j
this is one of the main objects of Harry
• 'avendish's expedition to Patagonia.
London Daily News.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¥ " C
There are a number of light patterns for summer wear
among our all-wool ready-made suits for
$ 8
; Most of the light patterns are gray mixtures, yet some are
light brown.
i The price is low — the suits serviceable and present a good
' appearance — they fill the bill completely for your summer suit.
; We make the suits ourselves and can safely guarantee them.
Money returned if you want it; or
I Suit kept in repair free for one year.
Boys' Reefer Suits.
We want to close out some $3. 50 reefer suits — mostly small
. sizes — as they are what is left of some big lots. They will go for
$2.45 a suit.
teSfct^/ Jl-*-»^J Our Ph "!PPlne exhibit that -xc mentlon-
ed ln Pun day f s and Monday? papers, is
J^3HfHliiQajt#i?\^ now ready— call and see It. It la free:
Jawßaßaifcig----— _--»■• any information desired about the Phll-
ippines will be Riven, as "Freedom." the
_^^ — ' I *^ Manila newspaper, has Its bureau of In-
formation with the exhibit.
|||s.n.woodTco(^
gSJI.WOODaCQffffi
\^HO/ TIB MARKET ST.
Out-of-town orders filled — write us.
GENERAL SURPRISE
AT SAN QUENTIN
Changes Start Every
body a-Wondering.
CAPTAIN BIRLEM IS OUT
COMMISSARY WILKINSON ALSO
GETS HIS WALKING PAPERS.
A Number of Strangers, Friends of
the Governor, Loitering About
and Speculating as to Whose
Jobs They Will Take.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX QUEXTIX. June 27.— Warden
Agulrre has evidently changed his
mind about not making any radical
changes In the personnel of the officials
and guards. Lulled into a sense of se
curity by his oft-repeated statements
that only a few changes would be
made, the announcement to-day that
Captain Birlem and Commissary Wil
kinson had fallen under the political ax
came like a thunderbolt from a clear
sky. Three other appointments will
doubtless be made to-morrow, while, in
the expressive language of an aston
ished guard, "Enough of the Los An
geles push arrived to-day to keep
things humming for a week."
Last Saturday Captain Birlem was
told by Aguirre that no change was to
be made as regards the captaincy of
the g-uarda. To-day James R. Russell.
ex-Chief of Police of San Diego, was
taken to Birlem and introduced as his
successor. Xot only did Aguirre there
by show himself to be a star represen
tative of the method employed by his
political discoverers, but the language
he employed had a distinct Candelar
ian tint, being something like "Pack
up your duds and git." Captain Bir
lem was dumfounded, but accepted the
notification in a dignified and gentle
manly manner.
Commissary Thomas "Wilkinson was
also dismissed and his position filled by
Thomas F<>ley, the father of Gage's
private secretary.
Deputy Sheriffs H. C. McClure and
John Barnhill of Los Angeles are now
here and it is stated on good authority
that both will be given positions to
morrow. Barnhill will succeed Fred
Woods as front gatekeeper and Mc-
Clure will take the place of turnkey to
succeed J. C. Jamleson. It was com
monly expected that Captain of the
Yard Edgar would be succeeded by Mc-
Clure and the fact that Edgar is to re
main at least temporarily comes as a
surprise second only to the upheaval
itself.
Don Jose Aguirre, the "Warden's
brother, is also on hand, and none be
lieve for his health, though what of
ficial he will succeed is not known. It
is said that other residents of the Te
hachapl district will reach here to
morrow and be snugly placed. Even
the guards are alarmed at the south
ernizing process, and the prison this
evening is a scene of restlessness and
anxiety.
Dewey for President.
' NEW YORK. June 27.— A morning pap*r
; prints a story to the effect that William
! C. Whitney, when in Europe, will meet
Dewey and endeavor to Induce him to
be a candidate for President on the Dem
ocratic ticket.
34
THE COLUMBIA
TOO FUST FOR
THE DEFENDER
Second Test of Their
Speed.
NEW YACHT GAINS STEADILY
♦
SPINNAKER SAIL USED FOR THE
FIRST TIME.
— ♦
When the Enormous Canvas Is
Spread the Craft Cuts the
Water at a Lively
Rate.
S;i«»c«»I Dispatch to ThP Call.
IT EWPORT, R. 1., June 27.— 1n a good
NEWPORT, H. 1., June cup In a good j
• . the new cup defender
I \ Columbia n.n'l the ■■ fender, cham- j
•*• * pi on of the 1897 rac<?. had a second j
and more thorough test of their relative j
speed than that in the light air of Sunday, ■
and again the new boat proved that in j
windward work she could both outpoint i
:;nd outfoot tbe older er;»f!. Both boats [
carried main.-mii. forestay sail; Ib and
working top sai'.s, and for an equal length j
of time the .two use.! small jib top sails.
The steady southwest breeze was Just
Btrong enough to heel the boats prettily.
The racors beat to windward in a general
southwesterly direction for almost two j
hours and traveled ten miles toward ,
Hlock island from Blenton's Reef, and :
when she was eased off for the run back
the Columbia was between two and three
minutes in the Lead.
At 12:80 o'clock the Defender jibbed the
loom over to starboard. The wind began j
to die down about this time, and at 1 1
o'clock the helm was put amidshlp and
the Columbia's groat white spinnaker was
sent aloft. When everything was ready
a pull on the tackle broke out a couple of
stops, am' the wind, catching in the can
vas, spread the enormous sail for the first
time.
Despite the fact that the breeze had ;
fallen off considerably, the Columbia took
a jump and traveled along at tea knots an j
hour under the ere.it spread of canvas.
The spinnaker was ised but a few mm- i
utes, when orders werr given to take it j 1
in, and it was down and the boom on deck !
In three- minutes and ten seconds from the
time the %rder was given.
The Defender did not run back to New
port with the Columbia. but remained
outside cruising up and down.
AN ACCHINUM YACHT.
Composition of the Alloy Used on the
Shamrock.
LONDON, June 27.— It is said In au
• circles that the alloy of which
3hamrock is constructed above the
water line is composed of three parts
Inuxn and one part nickel. Her deck
Is also said to be constructed of sheets of
the same metal three-sixteenths of an
i:ich thick, thus effecting a saving of |
two-tenths in the weight of thedeck
■ml stiffening the yacht's hull more
(>!;■ than could be accomplished
i
It Is considered that yesterday's acci
ed the strength of the metal,
irce : the impact was enough
aeht around about four
■ the only damage done to her by
the vessel which collide.) with the Siiam
rock was a dent about a half inch deep,
llgn uf cracking on the surface
of the mi i
mrock's mast was stepped to
ld the fitting of her spars and
standing and rui ning gear Is proceeding
I iie length of her lower mast is
is i(<6 feet; her topmast is said to
leven! Feet and it ir- reported
■on Is 11" feet long. A new plate j
Inserted in the place of the one \
ged yesterday.
cup challenger started for South
iß to-day. Numbers of people vts
the West India docks to s»e the
only those In possession of,
permits were allowed close Inspection of
the yacht, Among -.hose who visited the
ballenger to-day was Lord Dun
raven.
The officers ami crew, numbering in all
rtj men. now have complete
charge of the vessel.
PIRATES BEAT BOSTON.
Tie the Game in the Ninth and Win
_: • in the Tenth.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
. 'lull- W. I, Pet. | Club?— TV. 1,. Pot
Brooklyn ....41 Ji .7:/) New York ..SO 31 .432
Huston SS 21 .644 Cincinnati ..27 30 .473
Philadelphia 35 2 .614 Pitlsbur* ...26 31 .450
Chicago :■•- 24 .CO? Louisville ..11 8? .S6O
Su ' • ill!" 35 « .674 "VVanhi'ijrtor. I l * 43 .235
Baltimore ..J2 IS .561 Cleveland ...10 46 .173
HT. IX>\ IF, Job* 27.— Clean, hard hitting
« n to-day's same for the Perfect o«. Piatt
vras knookeO off th? rubber in the third Inning
«• ] Unrkhardt took his place. The latter
twirled in fine form. Attendance, 2700. Score:
nubs— R. H. E.
?t. v's « 8 i,
Philadelphia 4 11 3
• IJatterlcs— Jooes nn'l Criger; Piatt, Burk
■h.irJt and McFarland. Umpire*— Gaffney and
Mr.nnassau.
~~—^"~
pnTBBTJRG, June 27.— 1n the ninth Innln?.
Ayhen two wcrp out, Ely tied the score with
a home run. and in thi? tenth Tannehlll tallied
on "the throw-in of McCarthy's long By to
'center. Attendance, ITOO. Scora:
Club*- R. H. E.
Pitt-burs 4 8 4
.Honor. 3 11 2
I'atterieg— Tannehill and SChrlver; Willis and
Clarke. Umpires— O* Day and McGarr.
CTjEVELAND, June 27.— The home team
mP'ir! hits enough to win the same, but they
were badly scattered. Attendance, 200. Score:
Clubß— R. H. E.
Cleveland 1 11 2
New York 6 5 ♦
JJatteries— Schmidt and Schrecongrost : Carrlck
and Warner. Umpires- Smith and Andrews.
McCoy Will Fight Ryan.
DENVER. June 27.-Kid McCoy to-day
sent the following reply to a telegram
from the Syracuse (N. V.) Hern Id asking
him whether he would fight Tom Ryan
re the <"olorado Athletic Club:
"DENVER, Colo., Juno 27. -Herald
cusi . N V.: Will meet Ryan July 24,
)o8 pounds, at ringside of Colorado Ath
ociation; ten or twenty rounds;
wlnnei take all. Have deposited $i<kh)
with the ' 'I'lirrjido club t'> Bupporf this.
Ryan must <\n the same, as he shall not
f^t ativ free advertising without paying
for it. KID MoCOY."
Harvard Defeats Yale.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., June . 27.— The
Harvard baseball nine this afternoon defeated
the Tale nine. The game was won in the
first Inning, when Harvard scored three runs.
After the fatal first inning Tale played on the
whole better ball than Harvard, though the
team work of the visitors was dpcid»dly
. better and Tale was lamentably weak at the
bat. To-day's result, ma necessary the third
tram* in Mew York on next Saturday to ile
\ elde the championship. Score:
Club- ?• H. E.
Tale a 9 r,
: Harvard 4 4 i
Datterles — Robertson and Sullivan; Flu and
. neid.
Jeffries a Union Man.
NEW YORK, June 27.— "Jim" Jeffries,
the champion pugilist, is a union boiler
j taker, he paid thr- initiation ff-e of $io to
the president of union No. ni to-day. Jef
fries said he would return from his
Western trip about August i and would
then give a sparring exhibition for the
benefit ot the union.
Bitten by a Rattlesnake.
MARYBVIL.L.E, June 27.— Word was re
: to-day of the death of Charles
Bliss, a] • ii S2. who was bitten by a rattlo
snake last Saturday near hip liome at
Indian Hill. A Comptonville physician
rendered all the ui<i in iiis power, but
could not counteract the poison, de? fI - re
lieving the eufierer on Sunday.
SEN HOLLIDAY
LOSES TO KNIGHT
OF THE GARTER
Outsider in Front at
Sheepshead.
LEADS FROM START TO FINISH
BACKERS GET EIGHTY TO ONE
FOR THEIR MONEY.
May Hempstead and Admiration
Matched for Five Thousand
Dollars a Side, to Race
at a Mile.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, June 27.— The event of the
day at ?heepshead Bay was the defeat of
Hen Holladay. an odds-or. favorite In the j
fourth race at a mile and a half, by |
Knight of the Gnrter, an extreme out- i
sider, who was at all sorts of odds, the j
closing being 30 to 1, although some got as j
good as 70 and SO to 1 for their money. At j
the fall of the flag Knight of the Garter
made the pace. and. try as the others
might, they could not get near him. He
won by three lengths.
In the Surf Stakes, Missionary came in
In a drive and won by a head.
.May Hempstead and Admiration will
race on Saturday for $5000 each, with $5000 j
added by the club, the race to be at a !
mile, carrying 107 pounds each. Results:
Selling, sis furlongs— Gold One won Big Gun
st-cond. Eileen Daly third. Time, 1:15 3-5.
On* mile— little Saint won, MacLeod of I
Dare second. Lackland third. Time, 1:41 1-5. !
Hurt Makes, five and a half furlongs— Mis- '
sionary won, Stuart second, Withers third. '■.
Tlnvs. 1:08 4-5.
Mile and a half — Knight of the Garter won.
La t son second. Hen Holladay third. Time,
!:Sl.
Hurdle, mile and three-quarters— Premier ;
won. Ben Eder second, Foifret third. Time.
3:17.
Selling, six and a half furlongs— Ben Hadad
won, Trillo second, Caesarlon third. Time,
1:19 2-5.
ST. LOUIS, June 27.— feature* of the
day at the fair grounds was the sensa
tional finish between Meadowthorpe and
l^ady Callahan. Meadowthorpe scored by
a half length In a furious drive. Results:
Maiden two-year-old*. live furlongs— Morris
>- . 1m r won, LMnornls second, Canrobert third.
Time, 1:03.
Selling, one mile— Dutch Bard won, Wilson
second,** Lord Neville third. Time. 1:43^4.
Selling, seven furlongs — Imp. Mint Sauce
won, Chemisette second. Colonel Cassidy third.
Time, I:2SV4.
Handicap, mile and a sixteenth—Jleadow
thorpo won. Lady Callahan second, Crocket
third. Time, 1:49.
Two-year-olds. II v* and a half furlongs—
Allr-e Turner won, Gllssando second, Arthur
Beban third. Time. 1:10.
Selling, six furlongs- Miss Bramble won. Sly
second. Bell Punch third. Time. I:l4>£.
CHICAGO. June 27— Weather at Harlem
fair; track fast. Results:
Five furlongs— Huroitfa won, Eola dOr sec
ond. Irene Hayes third. Time, 1:02.
Mile and a sixteenth— Seattle won. King's
Guard second. Sunburst third. Time. IM3H-
Six furlongs— little Singer won. Red Old
second, La Champagne third. Time. 1:154.
One mile and twenty yards— The Devil won.
John Uaker second. Lennep third. Time,
1:42 V.
Six furlongs— George H. Ketchum won. Free
hand second. Idle Hour third. Time. i:i4Vs.
Mile and a sixteenth Mn:y Klnsella won,
Plcolta second, Mareato third. Time, 1'.48H-
FIELD DAY FOR TOD
SLOAN AT NEWMARKET
American Premier. Jockey Pilots Ko
rosko, Edmee and Doric II to
Victory.
LONDON, June 27.— The Newmarket
trial plate was won by Korosko with Tod
Sloan up. Allesby was second and Royal
Balsam third. Eleven horses ran. The
betting was 11 to 8 against Korosko.
Sloan finished first for the Visitors'
plate on Edmee. Richard Crnker's three
year-old brown colt Knickerbocker, rid
den by the lightweight American jockey
J. Reiff. finished second, and E. Bonner'a
chestnut filly Light Comedy third. This
rare is a handicap of 150 sovereigns for
three-year-olds and upward. Nino horses
run. The betting was 9 to 4 against Ed
mee and 20 to 1 against Knickerbocker.
Sloan won the Bottisham plate on
Doric 11. Chubb was second. Brio and
Wardlan ran a dead heat for third. The
betting was 5 to 2 against Doric IT.
A maiden (entry i plate was won by the
Prince of Wales bay colt Muscovado.
Sloan rode Perdlcua and finished third.
Douglas Baird's brown colt Arder was
second. This race is of 100 sovereigns,
added to a sweepstakes of 5 sovereigns
each for starters, for two-year-olds. The
betting was 4 to 1 against Perdicus.
EXONERATE MAHER.
Coney Island Stewards Found No In
tent of Fraud.
NEW YORK, June 27.— The stewards of
the Coney Island Joe-key Club have for
wardpd tho following report to the
stewards of the Jockey Club:
"In the matter of Jockey Daniel Maher's
conduct while riding the horse Banastar
in the Suburban Handicap on Juno 17, 1893,
we, tho stewards of the Coney Island
Jockey Club, would report that we fined
Mahor $200 for abusing the horse and
suspended him for ten racing days for
willfully spoiling starts. In tho matter
<>f intent ol fraud on the part of Maher,
aft'T Investigation we would report that
we wero unable to discover any such in
tent."
VAPOR BATH EXPLODES
WITH FATAL RESULTS
Peculiar Accident Which Befell F. W.
Gardner of York
.. . . town.
SANTA ROSA, June 27.— Particulars
have just been received here of a
frightful accident -which befell F. M.
Gardner, a well-known resident of
Yorktown, Mendoplno County, at his
home a few days ago.
Several weeks since Mr. Gardner pur
chased an appliance to enable him to
take what is known as a "vapor bath."
The affair consists of a cabinet of rub
ber cloth which fastens tightly about
the neck, enveloping the entire body,
but leaving the head exposed.
On the day of the accident Mr. Gard
ner was using turpentine and water,
absorbing the vapor rising from the
heated mixture, when suddenly and
without any warning there was a loud
explosion and his naked body was en
veloped In flames. The heat was so in
tense that although subjected to It for
but a moment the man was horribly
burned about the body and limbs.
In some places great patches of flesh
have fallen away, exposing the bone.
At first it was thought that he could
not possibly recover, but his chances
are now said to be improving. He may
be crippled for life.
■ ♦
Large Crops of Peaches.
MARYBVTLLE, Juno 27.— Two of the
!n :-^r'-:=t crops of freestone peaches grown
in this section this year have been sold to
an Eastern firm through a local agency
The fruit Is from the orchards of Ferd
liause and H. P. Stabler, both of Sutter
County. The crop of Mr. Hauss will
reach twenty-five and that of Stabler fif
teen cars. The work of packing the fruit
will be hurried. The fruit has been -sold
on an f. o. b. basis, and the price Is said
to have been very satisfactory.
Sale of Two Farms.
MAKYSYIU.R. June 27.— The Phipps
place of acres, and the Edward .v.u
tbews I'.irm, of 4'« i acres, both near Brown
Valley, have bten purchased by Charles
Heinzen of Forest HID. The price paid
for both tracts was $5500.
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 28, 1899.
LUCK GIVES THE
VICTORY TO THE
RED AND BLUE
! Four-Mile Race Won
by Pennsylvania.
WISCONSIN'S CREW THE BEST
LOSES THROUGH BAD STEERING
NEAR THE FINISH.
Western Oarsmen Beaten by a Scratch
When They Appear to Have the
Championship in Their
Grasp.
Special Dispatch to The Call
POrOHKEEPSIE. N. T., June 27.-
Twpnty thousand persons to-day saw one
of the most exciting four-mile boat races
over witnessed in the history of college
rowing. Five thousand spectators on the
observation train veiled themselves hoarse
in frantic appeals to th<!r various college
crews to do their best, and. with the
other 15,000. they saw the red and blue
carried over the line a winner by a short
half length from the Wisoonsins, who lost
In the last 200 yards by bad steering. Cor
nell, the victor of former years, came
third, fully four lengths In the rear, and
Columbia, newr in the light after the end
Of the first mile, trailed a good three
lengths In the stern of the Cornell boat.
It whs the kind of a race that makes
the blood tingle and was made so by the
crew that came over a thousand miles to
meet former victors, for without the gal
lant "Wlsconslns In the race it would have
been a doleful procession after the second
mile was entered. To say there was sur
prise on the observation train and amid
ill* great crowd on the banks when th«
Wisconsin shell swept mile after mile of
the course until the last half was reached
with a clear lead over all the crews is
putting It mildly. When the people on
the. bank, unable to place the strange
crew, looked toward the observation train
inquiringly and were told that It was Wis
consin they were almost dumb with
amazement, and when those on the train
saw the gallant struggle mile after mile
they dropped their appeals for their own
crews and yelled In a friendly manner for
the boys from the West.
The alleged ragged stroke, the badly
keeled boat, the too-long reach all wero
forgotten as the fast-moving shell kept
its sharp nose to the fore, and then tnu
people saw the leaders turn, out toward
the short at the finish and lose the race
in the men from Pennsylvania by a short
half ler.Kth.
Well did the Pennsylvanians obey the
injunction of Ellis Ward to not lose their
heads. From the first eighth of a mile
they rowed a hard stern chase, at one
time being astern of both Cornell and
Wisconsin, but their pluck and enduram •
Bent them over the line first In good
time and by such a small margin that
ihe glory is greater.
For Cornell, the winner of many bat
tles, the contest proved to be a race only
in two miles. For those first two miles
she did gallant work, but she was strug
gling against evidently better crews, ami
it was only by exertions of a phenomenal
nature that she managed to keep the nose
of the boat ahead of Pennsylvania, for a
brief time in the second mile. Columbia
was 'outclassed, from the start.
At the start Cornell had the channel
course, where the advantage Is said to
lie, with Columbia next to her, and then
came Pennsylvania, with Wisconsin clos.).
In to the shore. It was rather pitiful to
hear the three Eastern crews get cheer
after cheer and the Western crew not any.
Two false starts were made. The third
was a beautiful one, the four boats' noses
seeming to hang together for the first two
strokes. As they settled in the stroke
taught thorn by the various coaches Wis
consin seemed to be rowing the least
number of strokes per minute of any of
the crews, but her boat was going faster
than any of the others. Wisconsin rowed
32, Pennsylvania 34, Cornell 34 and Colum
bia 33. Before the first eighth of a mile
was finished the Wisconsin boat ha I
shoved its nose, ahead of the. other, crews,
with Cornell second, Pennsylvania hang
ing well on to her and Columbia fourth,
dropping astern. ■ ;.•>',*.'i•;•
\\ hen the first half mile was reached
so fast was the Wisconsin boat going that
it had taken its whole length ahead of the
Pennsylvania boat and was a half-length
ahead of the Cornell boat. On the extreme
east, Columbia was coming with the nose
of her boat just overlapping Pennsyl
vania. Frantically the Pennsylvania
rooters on the train yelled at their crew
and the Quakers seemed to respond, as
In a few minutes they shot their boat up
even with the Cornell boat, but to catch
Wisconsin was not so easy.
On a perfectly even keel, with the
bodies going well back together and tho
heads seeming as if they would swine
off the shoulders, a feature that seemed
to make the critics believe that they
would go to pieces after the first mile,
the Wisconsin crew flew on. When the
mile was reached the. Wisconsin boat had
a lead of a clear length of Pennsyl
vania, while Cornell and Pennsylvania
were see-sawing for second place. The
Wisconsin crew had settled down to a
stroke of 32 to a minute, the boat never
checking between the strokes and the
blades cutting the water as keenly as a
knife. The slow recovery and the slow
stroke had behind It a wonderful power
and the Wisconsin boat never checked or
stopped as It went toward the second
mile.
In the meantime Pennsylvania and Cor
nell were having as pretty a fight for
second place as ever has been seen on the
course. Time and time again the Cornell
crew put a little more back in the stroke
and sent the nose of their boat even with
that of the Quakers, but It was quite ap
parent that there was little chance of
their holding it there.
When the Wisconsin crew had reached
the mile nnd a quarter point it eased off
a trifle In Its stroke, rowing for two or
three minutes at 31. At the same time
Cornell picked up Its stroke and shoved
its boat's nose- slightly ahead of Penn
sylvania and overlapping the stern of the
Wisconsin shell. "Cornell, I yell," came
from thousands of throats on the obser
vation train and the hope arose that the
Cornell crew was going to the front in
its usual style. But with apparent ease
the Wisconsin stroke went back to its
regular 32 and the boat shot ahead again
a good half length. At the some time,
Pennsylvania's boat, which had been lag
ging a half length behind Cornell, shot
up level with Cornell's boat, while Co
lumbia, making a desperate effort, place.l
the nose of their shell near Pennsylva
nia's stern. x
Passing the three and a quarter miles
point Pennsylvania hit the stroke up to
thirty-five and there began one of the
most exciting contests ever seen in boat
racing. Slowly the bowman of the Penn
sylvania boat lined up with the cockswain
in the Wisconsin's "boat, but just' as he
had come up on a line with him the Wis
consin crew responded to the spurt and
drew their boat away.
It was at this point that "Wisconsin was
seen to swerve badly toward the western
shore, and to the surprise of everybody
maintained this course, although It took
the boat inside of a number of small
pleasure boats and fully GOO yards out of
their course at the finish. Naturally, the
Pennsylvania boat gained upon the Wis
consin boat, and as they passed into the
last quarter the noses of the shells were
on a line. The Wisconsin boat, unable to
turn back into its lane, had found dead
water near the shore, and. pull as Wis
consin would and as desperately as it did,
the nose of the Pennsylvania shell came
out inch by inch until It crossed the line
a scant half length ahead of the Badgers'
boat. : -;-.
Official summary: Pennsylvania's time
20:04: Wisconsin's, 20:05^; Cornell's. 20:13;
j Columbia's, 20:20. The record for this
course Is 19:29.
Two Famous Horses Dead.
T^ONDOK, June 27.— The death of two
famous horses occurred to-day. One was
General Ix>rd Roberts' gray Arab charger
Vonolel, which was 29 years old. H« bore
Lord Robert? in Afghan campaigns', and
the Queen conferred medals on the ani
mal for its services. The medals \v-?ro
worn on the martingale wh'ii hf> conspic
uously carried General Robert* in her
Majesty's Jubilee procession. The other
was of the Prince of Wales' brood
mare Perdita TI, which was the dam of
Persimmon and other racers.
EXPECT TO RACE
THEIR DOGS AT
INGLESIDE AGAIN
The Supervisors May
Remove the Ban.
LEASHMEN STILL HAVF FAITH
A WEEK'S DEVELOPMENTS ARE
AWAITED WITH INTEREST.
Oincials of the Park Are Ready to
Resume the Sport as Soon as
Permission Cm Be
Outlined.
The action of the Supervisors In pass
ing to print an amended ordinance repu
lating the sport of coursing within the
limits of this county has given the leash
men renewed hope. For some months it
has been a case of hope deferred, but the
men interested have not lost heart.
The directors of Ingleside Courslnjf
Park expressed the opinion yesterday
that the ordinance granting them the
right to course sixty days in the year
would be finally passed at the next meet
ing of the Supervisors. Should such ac
tion be taken coursing would' be resumed
at Ingleside with as little delay as pos
sible. P. J. Reilly would be in tha saddle,
OS judge, while Harry Murray; would be
slipper. Both men: have been identified
with the sport in " various capacities for
some years.
. Under the ordinance presented by Su
pervisor Collins there could be courting
every Sunday in the year and also on the
principal holidays.
Los Angeles will send the beat It has
to Union Park next Saturday for the big
midsummer meeting. Smith and Day
den's Mountain Belle and Little Fairy
will represent the South, being pitted
against the crack dogs of this district.
Mountain Belle has performed here be
fore, being a starter for the John Grace
cup. She did not run up to her form
and her owner blamed the long journey
on the train. This time he will bring her
up in advance and will have no excuses
to offer on the score of condition.
The customary weekly draw will be
held at Pythian Castle to-night. The
Fourth of July stake will probably bo
drawn at the park Saturday.
Cauerht a Homing Pigeon.
A homing pigeon, presumably owned by
a member of one of the local clubs de
vuted to the development of pigeon rac
ing, has been found up in Humboldt
County. It bears the number 76 on the
Bmall plate attached to Its leg. The bird
is in the possession of E. L. Whlpple.
I'hi'.o. Cal. It Is presumed the bird lost
its way while either hflng trained or
while competing in some long-distance
race.
Inspecting the Fish Hatcheries.
Fish Commissioners Babcock and Keller
have been spending some days at the
State hatcheries In Sissons. Upon their
return they will visit the Tallac and
Tahoe hatcheries. Mr. Keller, whose
home is in the South, was recently ap
pointed a member of the board and is
being given an insight into its workings
by his associate.
■ ♦ ■
Revived Archery of Old.
The bow and arrow competition at the
(Jrutlt Verein picnic at Harbor View last
Sunday resulted as follows: W. Squan
zinl first. .1. Appenzeller second. I-. Hauser
third. M"!er fourth. Ch. Gut fifth, '/..
Meier sixth, Drachsler sevr-nth. Joseph
Fetz Jr. eighth, J. Althaus ninth, Klotz
tenth.
COMFORTABLE HOME FOR
A HERO'S FAMILY
CAPT. RICHTEPv'S WIDOW GIVEN
A HOUSE AND LOT.
Funds Derived From the Benefit Put
to Excellent Use by Thomas
Cluff and Captain
Huber.
The widow of brave Captain Rlchter,
who fell at Manila in the assault upon
the Spanish trenches on the memorable
night ut July 31 need never lack a roof to
shelter herself and children, as the pro
ceeds derived from the benefit tendered
her pome months ago have been devoted
to good use.
A lot on the corner of Third avenue and
Dietz street was purchased by the com
mittee having her welfare in mind and a
comfortable dwelling will be immediately
erected. The contract for the building
will be let to-day by Thomas Cluff and
Captain Huber. members of the commit
tee appointed to attend to the matter.
The house Is expected to cost In the
neighborhood of JifiOfl. Tt 1b said the lot
cost 11000. Three hundred dollars In casli
lias already been turned over to Mrs.
Richter and the committee have hopes of
lieing ablfi to give her one hundred collars
additional.
A BIG SMOKER.
Hall of Golden West Tent, Knights of
the Maccabees, Was Overcrowded.
J>a*t evening was the time set for the
big smoker by Golden West Tent of the
Kniphts of the Maccabees in Its hall In '■
the B'nne P.'rlth building, and after the
Initiation of ten members the doors were
thrown open to those who had been in
vited to enjoy the hospitality of the tent.
However, when it came to finding room
for six hundred persons In a room that
will not accommodate more than two i
hundred It was found necessary to secure
the large assembly hall on the ground I
floor. I'nder the direction of J. M. Er- j
mcrius. deputy supreme commander, j
there was presented for the entertainment ■
of the lar«;e audience a programme made j
up of song?. Instrumental music, recita- i
tlons. a burlesque boxing match and a j
short address by the deputy supreme
commander.
Thoso who contributed to the fun for
the evening were: George Fleming, George
Evans, Professor PenzW, M. Cohnreicli,
Sir Knight Inzer, Sir Knigiits Morgan.
Roberta and Turner and Professor Ura
ber. During the evening pipes and to- ■
bacco were passed around and a collation '
rind lemonade were served.
STABBED HIS MOTHER.
John Murphy, an ex-Fireman, Ar-
rested on a Charge of Assault
to Murder.
John Murphy, an ex-fireman, waa ar
rested yesterday afternoon by Policeman
Regan on a charge of assault to murder
and was booked at the City Prison. On
Sunday morning, May 14, Murphy, who is
a married man, went to the house of his
mother, Mrs. Bridget Murphy. 23 Clara
street, accompanied by a friend. He
compelled his mother to get out of bed
.Mid dem:i Tided money from her with
which to buy liquor. She gave him h
little, but it did not satisfy him. and he
!>lck»'d up a breadknife from the table
and stabbed her in iho abdomen. She was
taken to the Receiving Hospital and later
to tho City and County Hospital, where
she recovered.
Murphy kept out of the way of the
police, who were searching for him, and
it was not until yesterday afternoon that
Policeman Regan saw him on Fourth
street and placed him under arrest.
FOURTH OF JULY HOLIDAYS.
Extra Train Service to Santa Cruz.
To accommodate travel to Santa Cruz
and Intermediate points on the Southern
Pacific Company's narrow-gauge line, the j
1:15 p. m. train leaving Ban Francisco on '■
July 3 and 4 will run through to Santa i
Cruz, returning from that point at 5:33 1
a. m July 4 and 5.
HORSEMEN WILL
DRIVE ON THE
OAKLAND TRACK
First Important Meet
of the Year.
HIGH CLASS HORSES START
PARTICULARLY STRONG ENTRY
IN THE FREE-IORtJLLL.
Meeting of the Golden Gate Park
Driving Association Is Ex
pected Id Attract a Large
Attendance.
The members of Golden Gate Park Driv
ing Association have practically com
pleted the arrangements for their free
| meeting at the California Jockey Club
track, Emeryville. The programme is a
meritorious one, the free-for-all race alone
being worthy of a circuit meeting. The
entries Include: Chris Peterson, 2:l3Hi
Butcher Boy, 2:18 V*; Katlnka, 2:12; Roan
Wilkes, 2:12', 2 ; Piunkett, 2:13 l i, and Prim
rose, 2:13 ! , i.
The officials of the meeting are: Judges,
J. C. Kirkpatrick, T. J. Crowley, A. B.
Patrick ana Mr. Lombard; starter, Budd i
Doble; marshal, Dr. Ira B. Dalzell; as
sistant marshal. Jack Martin; timers,
James Chesley, Fred. Vetter and L. E.
Clawson.
This will be the first important trotting
j mooting of the season and much curiosity
nas been aroused over the meeting of the
! fastest horses, as a number of them will
follow the State circuit. As the rule in
some of the races is "owner to drive."
many of the prominent amateur reinsmen
who drive dally in the park will be seen
seated nn the bicycle sulkies. Among \
these are George Berry, F. G. O'Kane, J.
! Ohlandt, Harry Patrick, A. Josephs and
Dr. Miller.
1 Ab no charge is made at the gate prepa
rations are being made to entertain a
; great crowd of pleasure seekers. To ac
; commodatp those who like to wager a
I trifle on their Judgment Johnny Coleman
! will have form books ready to handle the
coin of the bettors.
These meetings invariably produce great
sport, as there Is keen but friendly rl- j
valry among the owners of fast trotters j
and pacers. There are old scores to set- \
tie of impromptu races on the road, and
this opportunity will be availed of to set
tle them. The racing will commence at
| 1:30 p. m. Tuesday.
ALL TICKET SCALPERS
MUST QUIT BUSINESS
LOCAL PASSENGER AGENTS
MEET AND ORGANIZE.
Will Send a Committee East Next
July to Capture the Epworth
League Convention for
California.
Yesterday morning the San FrancUco i
Passenger Agents' Association held their I
second meeting and formally organized. !
L. H. Countiss uiis elected chairman to ;
preside until next January, when the lirst
regular annual election will be held. jMr.
Countiss will nominate a secretary, who
will be voted upon at the next meeting
of the association. These two officers
will be the only ones the organization
will provide itself with, as all business
not coming under their jurisdiction will
be attended to by committees appointed
as the occasion may arise.
The purposes of the association aro
primarily ihe, conservation and preserva
tion of revenue, the doing away with rate i
cutting, ticket scalping and kindred evils i
and to centralize power so that influence i
enough can bo wielded to make the rail- !
loud power of the coast felt in compe
tition with the East in securing the pro
portion of general travel, excursions and
conventions that rightfully belong to Cal
lfornia.
The association yesterday decided on
an organized effort to do away ' with
ticket scalping. Heretofore it has boon 1
the custom of many of the roads to wink !
at the practice so long as they them
selves were not injured. This resulted in
greatly shaking the confidence of the :
Kastern roads, over which many special !
rate tickets were sold, and had much to
do with their opposition to special ratea ,
proposed with the view of inducing dif- :
fer^nt large organisations to hold their
conventions in this State.
The association also decided to send a '
committee to Indianapolis next July to j
see if the Epworth League convention
cannot be secured for California. If the
committee is successful in its efforts, he
tween fifteen and twenty thousand people !
will come here next summer, bringing
with them all the increase of business :
that usually follows such large numbers '
of excursionists.
CALIFORNIA VOLUNTEERS.
Senator Perkins Receives a Reply to
His Inquiry Addressed to the
President.
Senator Perkins has received the fol
lowing reply to the message which ho
sent to President McKinley, asking why
<;»-tirt!f.l Otis had not sent the First Cali
fornia Regiment home:
WASHINGTON, I). C. .Tune 2R.-Hon Qeorse
C. IWklns. Onklniiil. C.-il : Replying to your
telegram of yesterday to the President bi the
instance of the Secretary of War. I have th»
pleasure to Invite your attention to an «x
--tiiir; from cable just received from General
<>tls in reference to the California regiment
whirl) la a* follows: "Nebraska, Pennsvll
vania and Utah now taking transports and
Sixth Infantry sent to Neprns to relieve Cali
fornia.." h. C. torbin.
Adjutant General.
Hesperian Parlor's Officers.
The following nnrned are the officers
who have been chosen to fill the offices In
Hesperian Parlor, Native Sons of the
Golden West, during the ensuing year: D.
A. Hanley, past president; Charles H. Eh
lert, president; George B. Scott, C. B.
Fenn and Edward F. Slebert. vice presi
dents; James 11. Roxburgh, recording sec
retary; George P. Theller, financial sec
retary; H. T. Shepston, treasurer; W V
Speckman, marshal: Drs. W. B Coffev
H. A. Andrews, T. D. Maher and R T
Lrgge, surgeons; Joseph F. McLaughlin
trustee, and Frnnk W. Ireland, official
photographer. The office of official pho
tographer in thfs parlor Is a new one and
was recently created as nn adjunct for
the liion celebration. He will take plc
turrs of the parlor on the occasion of its
picnic at f'amp Taylor on the Fourth of
July and he will ;ilf=r> take pictures of the
parlor on the occasion of celebrations and
public meetings.
Must Stipport the Father.
Judge Murasky yesterday made an or
i dcr directing Mrs. Catherine M. Shepston
1 and her three sons, John A., Henry T.
i and George G. Shepston, to pay $20 a
month toward the support of John A
; Shepston. Mrs. Catherine Shepston's hus
; band and the father of the other defend
! ants named, on the ground that he is ln
' firm and unable to support himself. The
I ».ld man alleged in his complaint that he
! was forced from his home and that since
that time he has been dependent upon the
• charity of his sister for support. After
i hearing the evidence Judge Murasky de
-1 termined that the wife and sons should
contribute toward his support and made
the order as above stated.
Battered Two Policemen.
John Barry and Joseph Murphy, who
were convicted on Monday by Judge Con
lan in connection -with the assault upon
Policemen Rlordan and Menlhan. ap
peared for sentence yesterday. Barry
was fined $50 or fifty days on each of the
charges of battery and using vulgar lan
guage, and Murphy $50 or fifty days for
battery and $30 or thirty days for using
vulgar language. Edward English, alias
Albert Smith, charged with assault > with
a deadly weapon upon Minehan, had his
case continued until Friday.
WITTMAN WOULD
NOT ALLOW THE
BOXERS TO SPAR
Stopped the Observa
tory Club Boats.
SUPERVISORS GAVE A PERMIT
PREPARING A ROUSING BENE
FIT FOR PETER JACKSON.
All the Athletes That Have Ever
Worn a Glove Apparently Anx
ious to Spar on Friday
Night.
Captain of Police George AVittman sent
Sergeant Anderson and a squad of blue
coats to the Observatory Athletic Club i
last night to stop the boxing bouts'which
I had been arranged. The officials of the ;
club did their best to have the police in- ,
terference withdrawn, but the officers :
were obdurate and the exhibition did not '
take place. The club officials had secured
a permit signed by nine of the Super- \
visors. The organization is incorporate- i
and the programme contained only ;
friend'y bouts. In addition, no admis- '■
! siun was charged, the entertainment be
ing free.
The gymnasium, which is in the cM \
castle on the top of Telegraph Hill, waa
I thronged at S o'clock. Boxers were pres
ent from the Olympic, San Francisco,
Manhattan and other clubs, all being anx- j
ious to assist the new club. The ultima
tum of the police was taken good humor
edly, and those who marched up the steep !
declivities of the hill inarched patiently
down again.
From appearances every boxer in the ;
city is anxious to appear in the ring at
Woodward's Pavilion Friday night. The
occasion will be the benefit to Peter
Jackson, who in his prime wan one of :
I the greatest boxers of the age. Those
having charge of the affair know that
hard hitting please the local followers
of the ring and have arranged some '
I bouts with a view to gratifying that de
j sire. "Doc" I-'lynn of the South BndJ
and "Pete" Magee of the Manhattan;: will
: supply one of these bouts. They m~t in
the Olympic Club some "months sine .
Emil Dnhl. Olympic Club, and "Kid"
Vjckers, Sun Francisco Athletic Club,
will also spar ten rounds.
Jackson, the beneficiary, will box wiili
either Tom Sharkey or Alex. Greggainr'. 1
Joe Kennedy, the rising star among tli»
local heavyweights, will box with Sold!' r
Walker, while Al Neill and his trail • r
will also don the. gloves. It will be one
long, continuous programme of boxing,
| and a large attendance is expected. Jack- ,
-tin may go to either England or Aus- '
tralia shortly.
On Thursday night the boxers who have
no reputations to lose or big purses to
split will mix things in a number of < ighr
rnund bouts in the San Francisco Ath
letic Club. The monthly exhibition ■<(
this club always draws a large attend
ance, as in addition to the amount of '
Fport to be seen, the admission is only
SO cents.
Boxers Kennedy and Stelzner.
From appearance Jack Kennedy will be
the next opponent of Joe. Kennedy. ]Jf>
has covered the deposit made with Harry
<'orl>ett by "Spider" Kelly on Kennedy's
behalf, arid the men may be matched at
any time.
HARBOR COMMISSIONERS
HAVE A QUIET SESSION
NO REFERENCE MADE TO THE
PILE-DRIVING JOB.
President Kilburn Thinks Better of j
His Declared Purpose to Do
Away With the Plant.
The Harbor Commissioners met in reg
ulnr weekly session yesterday nfterni) .n,
but President Kllburns declared Inti n
tlon of moving to do away With th» ¥ pllft
drivitifj plant and having all repair.
l>y contract in the future did m»t mater
ialize. The matter was discussed by t lig
members of the board in secret confer
once on Monday and it was decided iitt J
to attempt to apitate the proposed cbanffQ
at this time.
Chief Engineer Holmes was directed to j
prepare plans and specifications for the
repair of Howard street wharf No. 3. The i
wharf is In a dangerous condition and
will have to tie practically rebuilt.
A communication was received from the !
American-Hawaiian Steamship Company
conveying the information that it was
having- three s<team*t>». each 430 feet in '
length, built to ply between New York,
Honolulu and San Francisco. The first
The first is to be delivered about June 1,
1900. and the company requests that the
Commissioners take steps to furnish in- ;
creased wharf facilities' to the company. I
The secretary reported that the tramp •
steamer Dolna Vista had out to .sea with
out paving her dock fees, amounting to
$117. She is expected to put Into Victoria '
and the sum due can be collected there.
A resolution was adopted providing that
hereafter no tramp 'shall be allowed to
duck until the dock charges are guaran
teed by the consignee.
The request of the California Barrel
Company that shipping tolls on barrels
be reduced from Va cent' each to 5 cents !
per ton was referred to -the Chief Wharf- i
fnzer. ■ * ■' -
Robert McKilllgan was granted per
mission to place a panorama advertising
device In one of the waiting rooms of the
Ferry Building on the payment of $30 a \
month rental.
The secretary reported that the attor- I
ney fo"r the board nad rendered a verbal
opinion that the State must build a sewer
across the water front to connect a city i
eewer with the bay. The opinion has a
direct bearing on the North Point street;
sewer and the board objects to being"
compelled to pay all the cost of building
an outlet for ft. The matter was referred
to the Chief Engineer for further investi- i
(ration. • ■■.:■■■;
Meeting of Holly Park Club.
The Holy Park Improvement Club held
a meeting last nl£ht, at which a reso
lution was passed urginjr the Street Su
perintendent to at once begin the im
provement of Holly Park with the appro
priation made by tho> Sunprvipors for Hint
purpose. In addition to t'l's. the property
owners are desirous of having Cortland
avenue curbed and aldewnlked.
The members of the club are deter
mined to have a hall of their own. In
which public meetings can be held. Near
ly $100 has been subscribed for the erec
tion of the building. As soon an a .«um"
clent sum can be secured the hall will
be erected. It will be located at Cort
land avenue, near Mission street. w
Fourth of July Invitations Issued
Invitations have been issued by the
Fourth of July committee for the 121 d
anniversary celebration of the Declara
tion of Independence to be held In this
city on Tuesday next. The puests are
notified to assemble at the Palace Hotel
at 9 o'clock on the morning of the cele
bration. Many distinguished residents of
this city and surrounding counties have
been asked to participate in the grand
parade. An early reply of acceptance will
he appreciated by the invitation commit
tee, which consists of George \V. Elder,
chairman; Dawaon Mayer, secretary; H.
I. Fisher, B. F. Jclllson and D. F. Crow
ley.
The American Guild.
Ban Francisco Chapter of the American
Guild gave a very enjoyable party last
night in the social hall of the Red Men's
building. There was a short entertain
ment, followed by dancing--
Estates of the Dead.
The will of John J. Donepan. who died
on the 23d inst., was filed for probate yes
terday. The estate is valued at about JlO,.
000 and Is devised to the widow and five
children of the deceased. John Hen
nessy and J. J. Donahue are named as
executors. The will of Edward Mullally,
who died on the 21st hist, was also filed
for probate. Decedent's estate, which is
i valued at about 11000, is devised to James
I llurrv. a friend.
PHILIPPINE EXHIBIT
The Mechanics' Institute Expending
Much Money for This Novel
Feature.
The trustees of the Mechanics 1 Institute
met last nipht and appropriated $2000 to
be. Bent to Manila in addition to other
amounts previously forwarded to pay for
the colonial exhibits from the Philippines
for the Mechanics' Fair next September.
A cablegram was read from W. P. J-noni
as, who Is acting for the institute at M i
nila, statin? that the natives and exhibits
would leave that port on the transport
Leelanaw Saturday. July 1. ;■..--
Henry Raschen. director of the art de
partment, reported that two hundred pic
tures from local artists had been secured
for* he art gallery of the fair. The Me
chanics' Tiistltute library will be closed
Monday, July 3.
Ferry Timetable Changed
!n r.rder to accommodate those living in
Oakland whose business or pleasure
' rings them over to tho city in the even
s' the following change, effective July
.will take place In the ferry time:
Boats will leave this side at 8:05, 9:10,
10:15, 11:15 and 12:C> instead of at 8. 9,
1 o : 0. « , 11:25 and 13:25. the BChadule on which
they are running at present.
Young Ladies' Institute.
Young Ladies' Institute JNo. < has elect
ed the following named as officers for the
ensuing term: Mamie Stein, past presi
dent ■ Nano Maboney, president; Katie
Bncklev and Margaret Roomy, vice presi
dent!; Katie Burke, recording Becretarj-j
Celia Young, financial secretary; Hannah
Fitzpatrlck, treasurer; and Nellie Kurgan,
marshal.
CAKEWALKERS ENTER
FOR THE GRAND CONTEST
WILL WALK FOR "CALIFORNIA
SOLDIER BOYS' FUND."
Hon. Charles L. Patton Heads the
Committee That Has the Enter
tainment in Charge.
There will be cake walkers galore in
this city next month to compete In the
carnival to be held at .the Mechanic's Pa
vilion. There are now over a hundred
entries for the various championship and
exhibition events, and among the novel
rake walks to be given are the electric
and the Chinese cake walks. For the
former four couple will be wired and
carry storage batteries. s?o that scores of
tiny lamps will illuminate their dance.
Miss Pearl Hickman will lead this num
ber.
The annex of the Mechanics' Pavilion
has been rented for the purpose of lold
ing rehearsals for the grand entry and
the hip cakewalks. A. C. C. Barr, vrno
staged the production of the "Romance
of Callopy" at the Ix>s Angeles Theater,
with 350 people on the stage, and who is
one of the best cakewalkera in the coun
try, has been secured to arrange for the
event. Miss Pearl Hickman of Oakland
baa been engaged as drum major to bring
the couples on in the big cakewalks and
also as teacher of the juveniles and some
of the society amateurs. J. Walker Cole,
who claims the world's championship, ha.-*
entered in the contest for the diamond
badge championship for professionals and
is also teaching some of the contestants.
The committee to take charge of the
fund for the "California Soldier Boys" is
as follow*: Hon. C. L. Patton, Hon. J.
A. Filch* Colonel Ernest A. Denicke,
Genera] R. H. YVarfield, 'lon. Tirev L.
Ford, General A. \v. Barrett and Louis
\V. Buckley. They elected at the last
meeting C. L. Patton chairman and J. A.
Filcher secretary and treasurer, and at
the coming meeting they will appoint a
representative to be present at the pa
vilion during the carnival and take charge
of their portion of the funds. Secretary
Filcher was requested . to write to the
Red Cross Society in sea if. they Will co~
operate In disbursing the. money received
from the carnival and other directions. .
It was decided to have Mrs. L. Honn
drill .fifteen couples of- young ladles and
gentlemen in delsarte, Cakewalk and
beauty poses. The office of the carnival
is at room S in the Kohler & Chase build
ing, where entry blanks are ready for
the various events.
The Lady Is Defiant.
Mr?. Barbara Suter was arrested yee
terday afternoon on two charges of vio
lating the fire ordinance by refusing to
erect fire escapes and a standpipe on the
William Ten House. 317 Bush street,
which she owns. Her son Is an attorney,
:i!:i! he told tiie Fire Wardens that he
proposed to fight the case and would take
it to the highest court. The. lady was
released on giving $50 cash bail iri each
case.
The Landsmann Murder.
The case? of George F. Trueworthy,
charged with the murder of John Lands
mann. and James Monaghan and Frank
Jiush r.s accessories, were called in Judge
Conlan's court yesterday morning. The
Judge discharged Monaghan, as he said
there was no evidence to show that he
was an accessory to the murder, and re
served his decision as to Trueworthy and
Busq till thi.s morning.
"Municipal Government."
F. "W. Dnhrmann, president of the Mer
chants' Association, will speak on "Mu
nicipal Government" this evening at 117
Turk street.
MISCELLANEOUS.
&"wPyt"z*
wjfer*at« l| P/{ (\
gfflfc. Mm Wk UwlS)
KBStF ijid :
For they signify a great deal to you. There
are few people who do not at some time during;
their liven require protection or require to be
rescued from MALARIA. It Is not the waste
lands that sive -forth the malarial miasma
(poison), but, instead, vast fertile sections,
where thousands of persons live. Nor ia It
alone the swamp lands that breed malaria, for
! right in our densely populated cities malaria
; abounds.
No person la entirely exempt from malaria. It
is a dread ilisorder. for it affects the entire -
organism. Important symptoms are headaches
(fig. 1), yellow eyes (rift. 2), coated tongue and
offensive breath (fle. 3). pains or aches in
joints (fig. 4. .ii. palpitation of heart (fig. ft)
impaired digestion (fig. 7), inactive (torpid)'
i liver alp. 8). If you note any of the above
I symptoms you may know that you suffer from
malarial poisoning.. Other symptoms are lack
of. energy, tired and worn-out feeling, sallow
complexion.
1 > +. HUDYAN will pre-
I MEN AND vent: HUDYAN will.
I [cTriJTcUi cure malaria. Peopl*
' A^/icVr, who take HUDYAN
I ADVIStD may breathe in the
FREE. ■ malarial poisoning and
I Call or Write. it will not affect
1 + . _^. them. Chills and fey-
HUDYAN. HUDYAN prH are prevented by
Hi DIAN. HUDYAN corrects the stomach and
liver troubles that are caused by malaria, and
HLDiAN* acts gently, yet effectively, upon the
bowels. People who live in malarial countries
should take HUDYAN, for HUDYAN will keep
them in rood health. HUDYAN will promptly
relieve all the above symptoms.
HUDYAN is for sale by druggists— so cente a
package, or six packages for ?2 50.
If your druggist does not keep HUDYAN ;
send direct to the HUDYAN REMEDY CO '
corner Stockton. Ellis and Market streets San
Francisco, California; r
YOU MAY CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOC-
TORS ABOUT YOUR CASE FREE OF
CHARGE. CALL OR WRITE.
Dlirr nfllllll Corner Fourth and
CAFE HS I 1 U I our Special Brew
unl L l U I n L ste6m^ and La « er -
win i_ iiu II I U 0 . Overcoats and
Valises checked fr»»»FRANCES SCOTT'S
PAPER JEERED
Uproar in the Council
of Women.
OPPOSES EQUAL SUFFRAGE
VIEW OF AN AMERICAN k OCIETY
DERIDED.
Archbishop Ireland Delivers an Elo
quent Address in Advocacy
of International Arbi
tration.
!.»1 Dispatch to The CaH.
VDON. Junp 27.— The International
I Women, which assembled yes-
In the convocation ball ->i" Churcli
'.'.■.-•minster. is divided into Hv->
r meetings, which were all
' -day.
n Interest is taken in the political
a, which discussed to-day the "Par
ry Enfranchisement of Wom< n."
■ ■ dent of the council. Mrs.
Wright Bewail of the United States
imp. Bliss Susan B. Anthony, ono
American delegates, detailed the
tgresa ol the movement in America.
The announcement that a paper by Mrs.
Fran - t of Massachusetts would
be road in behalf of an American
woman's society opposing female Cran
■ . was met by a Btorm of hisses! Mrs.
Bewail protested against this "intoler
pointinß out that no one was <•>•
. but that it was their diity
if present I , urteously to all tno
kers. The paper was then read,
punctuated by Ironical cheers and de
risive laughter.
In ti.<- urofess tlon Mme. An
Btirling created some excitement
by declaring with much emotion that uho
thought 1 Lkei ■ too bard on
the : -: ■.!:;!! women only real
■ l when th >
v - • ■ tavia Hates oi
Detroit deplored the fact that the pro
r was not open t.>
■ 'women. Vet women, she pointed our
were the natural coi ■ if their sis
ters.
■ ■ - aker continued,
medicin< and the church were open to I
women: i' 1 .;? public opinion, she claimed.
was lently advanced to favor
women lawyers, though the law colleges
wer< open to both sexes, and many
women, like Miss Helen Gould, who de-
Fir. -.] to manage their own estates, quail- i
I The intelle' tual advantages of a
the speaker asserted, i
more <ha:
The Duchess of Bedford presided nt the:
nd reformatories
where Mrs. Johnson of Washing
ton - f women's re
formatories in :.. setts, advocating
a syst< in of trade .- whereby women might
th« Ir s<
mmense meeting, attended by more
than 2000 persons, was held in Queen's
Hull this evening, the Countess of Aber
idlng. for the discussion of a
■ " y the ] laroness yon
' "•• ■ - upon the In
il Cmncil of Women to do all
if) i'~ ■■ ■ ' the Interests of
irbitration. Letters W( re
■ Cardinal Gibbons of th.-- I'nited
rdinal Vaughan of England and
■ ■■ t»gue oi Ireland, all of whom
: favor of the resolution.
JLady A,bei en introduced Arch
who said:
I come because we Americans know that !
Lady Al^rdeen is devoted to every great an.]
noble work and how unsparing she is of her
self when she can do anything for God and
humanity. I me also because the object of I
the meeting is peace through arbitration.
\ cry glad I am to see this vast gathering of
•women ready to use such a means. It la I
worthy of women to work for such a cause. I
I believe that' in such matters as" this they
Fhotilil he admitted on a footing superior to
iiu'n, because they can and will do more.
Men do not have the time and It may be
•not the tenderness of mind and heart which
would induce them to work with the unsparing
eff'>rt« of women.
I'ublic opinion holds the scepter to-day. This I
Is an ace of publicity, when rich and poor. !
Ftrong and weak, speak out. Let us only work !
on public opinion in all countries and we shall
succeed.
What 1? war before battle but the massing
together of engines to kill men? What is It
during battle but men dealing death blows
while the ground drinks blood and corpses
lie thick as autumn leaves? What Is It after
battle but the sending of grief throughout the
land which nothing can assuage?
fc'hnull not humanity do all in Its power to ',
stop this shame to humanity? Two thousand
years after the angels sang out "Peace on
Karth'" there are wars. Let meetings be held
In every nation beneath the sun and let men
say they are the patriots of patriots, who
seek to save lives of men. Let justice reign
and let It go forth from this great city of
London to-night a message to the world, that
Justice is reigning and that peace universal
will be secured.
The speech was received with great en
thusiasm.
Mrs. Mary Wright Sewall. vice presi
dent of tho council, speaking upon the
resolution, said:
When the war cloud? settled down upon
the United States every one asked what would
become of the National Peace Council. The
press did not suppress Its jeers, but we con
sidered the declaration of war a trumpet call
to us to be up and doing. We felt a greater
need than ever. We never thought war a pos
sibility, and we are surprised at our mistake.
Pr»?sldent MeKlnley accepted our appeal. Our
action was not an impeachment of our Gov
ernment, but an example to help all Govern
ments, an example which can only be obtained
from women.
SPAIN SELLS A WARSHIP.
Venezuelan Government Buys the
Diego Velasquez.
Special <"*ab!e to Thp <~"all and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Hpnnett.
CARACAS, Venezuela, June 27.— The
Government of Venezuela has entered into |
tiations with a representative of the:
Spanish Government at Martinique and j
hafl bought the Kimrdship Diego Velas- ;
quez fur 150,000 francs. The vessel was for
, time under repairs at Fort de
She is of 200 tons burden and is
armed with three quick-firinp puns. Th<'
1• ■ (jo Velasques will leave there shortly
• ■ \.» Guayra.
The Diego Velasquez is a second-class
screw steel gunboat, built in Bffi
■! !-:<".. Her dimensions are as fol-
I.eiißth. 135 feet; beam, 19 feet;
: ■ feet; displacement. 200 tons. The
; speed was 1:1.2.1 knots and her
nt is made up of two three-inch
Nordenfeit rapid-fire pieces and one 1.5 .
g ■ annon. Previous to the war .
Phe was stationed off Cuba.
FOURTH AT ANGELS CAMP.
Extensive Preparations Being Made
for Its Celebration.
ANOELB 'AMP, Jun" 27.— Great prep
fa " being made for the celebra
tion f the Fourth of July at this place.
Tlt- local lodge of Rathbone Sisters has
the affair in hand and it promises to be
on<' of th-- largest <-"l«-hratlons ever seen
An arch is being erected across the
main street and a company of cadets
wfill be a feature of the hip parade. Ex-
Ppeaker F. E. Dunlap of Stockton will
deliver the oration. Single and doublet
handed rock drilling contests are on the
the programme and a tug of war between
ihe mintTs of th" utlca and the Lightner
mines will tak<_- place.
Gilroy Orchardist Dies.
GILROY, June 27.— D. M. Smith, a prom
inent orchardist north of Gilroy, died
• early this morning. On Saturday !;.st,
while )i" was raking hay. th.- machine
■overturned, striking him on the hend He
w.'ts rendered unconscious. Yesterday be
me paralyzed and his sons. Harry
and Holmes, were summoned to his bed
side. Mr. Smith came to Gilroy frum Il
linois above seven years ago and built
a - beautiful home in the Orchards. He
■■'. wja-s about 65 years of age.
jk • . Fire in a Grain Field.
GILROY. June 27.— Sparks from B pass
■ Ing locomotive set a Held of gr? n on fire
a mile south of town to-day. Luckily th<
grain was in shocks, and by prompt and
diligent work the fire was extinguished
• burning over much ground. The
grain belonged to John Craig and was
fully insured.
GRADUATES OF THE COLLEGE OF NOTRE
DAME AT MARYSVILLE.
MARYSYII.LE. Juno 27.— The annual j
commememt'nt pxt-rcis>--s of the Col- .
lepe of Notre Dame were held this |
mtirnlng, commencing at 9 o'clock,
before a large gathering of the parents of
the pupils and friends of the school. The
programme, which consisted chiefly of
musical numbers, was one of the best of
the kind ever hoard in this city. The
numbers were well rendered and reflect
great credit upon tho painstaking pist>rs
in charge of this institution of learning.
This was the fcrty-second commencement
and in the audience were many mothers
of the pupils, who had come to pay horn- .
age to their own alma mater.
The stage was decorate! artistically
with smilax, exergreens and the national
colors, and in the background were six
pianos, which were used in presenting the
musical selections and choruses. Potted
plants and fresh flowers from the flour
ishing gardens that surround the college
completed the decorations.
The several groupings of the elappos,
each member attired in white, made an
impressive scene. The clergy of the dio
cese occupied seats of honor near the
stage.
The graduates who received diplomas
conferring collegiate honors and who were
crowned with wreaths from the hands of
the Rt. Rev. Bishop Grace, were: Miss
Mary Kelly and Miss Ella McGuire. The
first named young lady read an essay en
titled "Respice Finem," and Miss Mc-
Guire also read a paper, her subject being
"Perseverando." Both acquitted them
selves creditably, proving that they fully
deserve the high honors they received to
day. I
Tho programme in full was as follows:
L March (Kleber), Misses L. Garat. L.
Kinch. M. Katzner. N. Goodspeed, C. Weber,
M. King. B. Hofstetter. C. Berg, B. I>emon.
A. Bevan. B. Smith. G. Gerkin, L Brannan.
1. Garat. E, Copeland.
2. Salutatory chorus; two solfeggio classes,
Miss F. Bleber, Miss I!. Smith. Miss J. Weber. !
Miss N. Goodspeed, Miss J. Simcoe, Miss C.
Condon. Miss N. Whalen, Mies L. Kinch. Miss
CUT OFF WITH
FIVE DOLLARS
Frank Wickersham Con-
tests His Father's Will.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, June 27.— The report that
Frank Wlckersham of Fresno, a son of
the late millionaire capitalist of P«ta
luma, Intends to contest his father's will
turns out to he correct. In the holo
graphic will filed here for probate yes
terday young Wickersham was cut off
with five dollars, the devisee explaining;
however, thin his son had already re
ceived over $100,000 from him during his
lifetime.
When the- will was made public hero!
considerable comment wan caused by thel
clause providing that Frank Wioker-1
sham should only receive a nominal
amount from the estate. The property
left by the late banker Is known to ex
ceed one million dollars in value, and but
for the fact that a considerable portion
of it had been deeded away in anticipa
tion of death's approach wouid have ap
proximated twice that. Cash, bonds,
railroad and bank stock, lands and houses
arc represented in the estate in large
quantities.
It is stated and upon the authority of
Frank Wickersham himself that he will
allege that his father at the time of his
death was under tlif undue Influence "f
his other son, Fred A. Wickersham, who
resides in Petaluma. Fred Wickersham
Is well known all over the State and is
prominent socially as well as financially.
He is a director in several banks and a
heavy stockholder in the Donahue Rail
road. The entire affair has caused a
great deal of comment.
No man was better known in this county
than the late I. G. Wickersham. Th- will
tiled here yesterday provides fur the dis
tribution of the largest estate the Pro
bate Courts of this county have ever
been called upon to handle.
A PIONEER GONE.
Patrick Murphy of Castroville Has
Passed Away.
SALINAS, June 27.— Patrick Murphy, an
old resident of this valley ami a pioneer
of the State, died at his homo in (';is
troville this evening after a long ill:, as.
Murphy was born in Ireland in 1535. He
came to America in IS"9. For some time
past he has been a hotel keeper in Cas
iroville and leaves a valuable estate. A
wife and two children survive him.
Chilean Ministry Dies.
SANTIAGO DE CHILE, June 27.— A Lib- I
eral Ministry has been formed in sueces- |
sion to the Conservative Cabinet which re- i
signed June 2. The new Cabinet is eon- j
Btltuted :is follows: Premier and Minister
of the Interior, Silva Cruz; Minister of
Foreign Affairs, Frederico Borne; Minis
ter of Justice. Francisco Herboso; Minis-'
ter of Finance, Frederico Szarra; Minis
ter of War, J. Figueroa; Minister of In- ■
tiustry and Commerce, Rio Seco. |
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 28, 1899.
G Gerkin. Miss M. Martin, Miss B. Hof-
Btetter Mi.-s E. Bethel, Miss P. Flannery. Miss
E. Weber, Miss E. i:-nn"tt. Miss E. dpeland.
Miss H. Lathrop, Miss I. Garat. Miss E. Ply
mire. Miss B. Lemon, Miss M. Terry. Miss M.
Matthews, Miss <;. Finnigan. Miss J. Plymire,
Miss N. l<r:s.-.1l Mi*s L. Finni^'an. Miss E.
Borel, Miss M. Crane. Miss X Nugent. Miss A
Wclf. Miss 1.. Whalen. Miss 1.. Herboth, Miss
M. Walsh M: ? s M. Katrner, Miss E. Gunning.
Miss M. s.-hub. Miss L. Brannan, Miss a.
Gunning. Miss I. Mahle, Miss M. Kin?. Miss
i! Shnf-Vr. M:^s E. Mahle, Mifs L Mattern,
Miss E Smith. Miss M. dmgfclln. Mis? A. Hp
vnn. Miss G. Wolf, Miss I. Drlscoll, Miss C.
Berg. Miss P. MeAllon. Accompanists. Miss 1..
Adams an ' Miss E. Plymlre.
"k Prill ar.'i chorus, Miss M Condon, Miss F.
LanglOtte, Miss M Smith. Miss C. My - -5,
M'ss G "Borel, Miss K. Arsago. Miss B. I'.ami
rez. Miss M. Smith. Miss E. Dlwer. Miss M.
Farrell. Miss C. Weber, Miss X Brown. Miss
X Carstenbrook. Miss L. B«thel. Miss .1
Bethel. Miss M WoII Miss J. Harrington,
Miss E. Gaffney, Mis* B. Jennlncs. Miss M.
Amestnv Miss E. O"Brien. Miss C. Rninnan.
Mtsa <:. Barzoni, Miss N. Dlwer. Miss K.
Rlelly. Miss F. Driscnll. Miss M. Dlwer, Miss
X MrGrath. Miss L, Wolf. Miss F. Hltz, ac
companist Miss A. Murray.
4. Serenade. <: ; cnubert>: piano. Miss A. Wba-
Ica iTKan. Miss A. Murray; first violin. .Viss
G Berg: second violin. Miss A. CoUKhlln: first
mandolins. Miss E. McGulre, Miss A. Berg.
Miss H. Crane; second mandolins. Miss M.
Aldrich, Miss E. Bryden, Miss C. Condon; third
mandolins. Miss M Ryan, Miss M Glanella.
Miss M. King; guitars. Miss M. Kelly, M^ss
X McGulre, Miss J. Condon, Miss C. Criley,
Miss C. Branns. Miss E. Plymlre.
Graduation H'Ti^ts:
5. Homage to Verdi; first pianos Miss A.
Berg. Miss N. McGulre. Miss K. Plymire. Misa
M Aldrich: se<-nnd plan<is. Miss A. Murray,
Mifs M Ryan, Miss G. Berg. Miss A. Whalen.
6. Respire Finem, essay. Miss M. Kelly.
T. Chorus, first vocal class, accompanist Miss
A Aldrirh.
S. Revei! dv Lion (A. de Kontskl). solo. Miss
A Berg; duet. Miss E. McGulre, Miss M.
Kelly.
EXTRA PRI7.ES.
9. Perseverando Essay
Miss E. McGuire.
10. Caprice Hongrois
Miss M. Kelly. Miss E. McGulre.
CEFiTIFICATES OF PROMOTION.
11. Laudate Puerl Domlnum Zangarl
Five part chorus— Soloists, Miss C.
Criley, Miss E. Mc(suire. Miss M. Kelly,
Miss N. McGulre, Miss A. Berg.
FRANK SOMERS
STILL IN HIDING
Believed He Has Taken
to the Hills.
NEVADA CITY, June 27.— Chris Gail
hraith, the victim of Frank Somers'
; bloodthirsty enmity, is having a sorry
time uf it. His face is swollen out of
shape and discolored till his nearest
; friends can hardly pee a familiar look
i about it. One eye is shut and he can
! see but little out of the other. He is
enduring all sorts of pain. His wife
i came down to-day from their home at
j the Central House and will remain here
! for the present.
The wonder to those who claim to be
familiar with the circumstances that
led up to Sunday's fracas is that Gail
braith did not go gunning for the gray
young lothario many months ago in
stead of simply warning him to keep
away from his hearthstone. The offi
cers all agree that it is a scandalous
affair, and intimate that if Somers is
caught and brought to trial there will
come to the surface a rare sensation.
The question to-day is, is the fugitive
still on the Washington Ridge, or has
he followed the example of Murderer
Moore and fled the county? The ridge
is an ideal hiding place for a criminal.
It is three or more miles wide, extend
ing from Deer Creek to the South Yuba
River, and is more than three times as
long. Most of it is heavily timbered
and there are innumerable almost bot
tomless canyons, deserted mining tun
nels and other places where a hunted
man could rest secure from detection.
There are not more than fifty or sev
enty-five people In the entire section,
and they are too busy with their own
affairs, such as mining, wood chopping
and other peaceful pursuits, to bother
their heads much in stalking offenders
against the law. It would be easy for
Somers to elude officers by staying
there.
A report was circulated here to-day
that Somers had sent word through his
brother Tom that he would surrender
if the Sheriff himself went up there
after him, but neither Brother Tom nor
Sheriff Getchell have heard anything
of it. In fact, Tom freely expresses
the opinion that his wayward young
kinsman has already reached the limit
of "indiscretion," and that the best
thing he can do is to give himself up
and face the music.
The Somers boys used to live on
Water street in this city. Their parents
died when they were young and they
were sent to the Orphan Asylum at
Grass Valley, where they remained for
some time.
Chorus— Miss H. Crane, Miss M. Flan
nery Miss E McGinnis, Miss M. Dris
roll. Miss L. Smith, Miss M. Gianella,
Miss A Sehimpf, Miss A. Weber, Miss
J. Condon. Miss M. Weher, Miss M.
Ryan, Miss A. Whalen, Miss M. Kinch,
Miss J Murray, Miss C. Branns, Miss
F. Sieber. Miss M. Aldrich, Miss G.
Berg Miss M. Slmcoe, Miss A. Cough
lln. Misb E. Plymire, Miss N. Good
speed, Miss L. Campbell, Miss L.
Whalen, Miss C. Condon, Miss M. Mc-
Gowan. Miss M. Katzner, Miss B. Hof
stetter. Miss N. Driscoll, Miss C. San
horn, Miss G. Gerkin. Miss E. Copeland,
Miss L. Brannan, Miss M. Matthews,
Miss I_. Mattern, Miss L. Carat. Miss
M. Crane; accompanist. Miss A. Murray.
2. Mandolin Class— Caprice Characterisque.
Miss C. Criley, Mis? E. Hrydon. Miss
A. Weber, Miss H. Forbes, Miss L.
Adnms. .Miss C. Branns. Miss A.
;f. Misa <; Weber, Miss M.
Weber. Miss M. Kinch.
Special prizes were awarded as follows:
Regular attendant Senior 'Irpartment •
Medals, Miss M. Ryan, Miss C. Branns, Miss
: M. Weber.
: Junior department -Medals, Miss C. Crlley
; Miss M. Kinch. Miss Joste Murray, Miss E.
j Copeland, Miss M. Kntzner.
lYf-mium. Miss E. I'iymire.
Elementary department -Medals, Mles M
Klnr. Miss M. Terry.
I Primary department— Medals. Miss B Jen
! ninps. Mlaa C. Weber.
| Sunday school— Prize equally merited by
Miss M. Glanella, Mice a. Web*r Miss E
Cnpeland. Miss M Kinch, Miss J Murray, Miss
J. Weber, Miss M. Terry, Miss M Ryan Miss
C. Branns, Miss M. Weber. Miss E.'AJaffney
Miss M. Matthews.
D [nestle economy— First places vacant din
; tingulshei. Miss .7. Weber, Miss C. Weber.
I China painting-— rilstiriEruishe.l, Miss A
Berg, Miss M. Flannery.
■ Oil paintinß-Premiums Miss M. Kellv Miss
! M. Gianella, Mi.=s Josie Murray, Miss E. Bry
; den.
Exera prizes were awarded as follows:
Drawing— Premium, M. Flannery; distln- '
i gulshfl Miss X Ooodspeed.
Physical Culture— Senior prize, equally mer
; Hed by Miss M. Ryan, Miss C Crilay Miss
N. GoodFpeed: distinguished. Miss M Oianella
: Miss C. Branns. MIM M. Kinch Miss E r"ope
ltm'.. Miss M. Matthews, Miss U. Garat: junior
! prize, equally mer!t».l by Miss C. Weber. Miss
! E. GafTney: distinguished, Miss M MKJnwan
Miss I. Garat. Miss J. Weber. Miss B. Jen
nings. Miss G. Gardner. Miss L. Kinch Miss
t M. Terry.
! Choir slnrinK— Premium, equally merited by :
j Miss E. McGulre. Miss M. Kelly, Mis? C
I Criley. Miss N. McGulre. Miss A. Berfr. Miss
11. Crane. Miss J. Condon Miss A Whalen
Miss A. Murray. Miss M. Aldrlch. Mlsb a]
i Weber, Miss M Weh^r: distlneulshed Miss
O. Weber. Miss M. Kinch, Miss C. Branns
Miss E. McGlnnlae, Miss L. Smith, Miss J.
j Murray.
After the programme Rev. Father Cole
man addressed the assemblage. He com
plimented teachers and pupils on the
progress made during the scholastic year
and congratulated the citizens on having
such ci splendid school.
Studies will be resumed at the college
on Monday, August 2S.
QUESTION OF WAR
TAX RAISED AGAIN
One More Suit Against
Wells, Fargo & Co.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA, June 27.— Thompson, Beard &
Sons, proprietors of a large mercantile
establishment, have undertaken, through
their attorneys. Webber & Rutherford
of this place, the task of compelling the
Wells-Fargo Express Company to pay
the internal revenue tax on the packages
it handles. The plaintiffs ask that a writ
of mandate be issued ordering the defen
dants to receive and deliver a certain
package in question.
The plaintiffs, as a California corpora
tion carrying on business in Napa, allege
that the defendant, being a common car
rier, are In duty bound to receive and
carry packages offered to them, giving
in return for same receipts with internal
revenue stamps affixed; that the plain
tiffs on June 15. IM)9, tendered to defen
dants a package for delivery, whereupon
defendant unlawfully and extortionau-ly
demanded of plaintiffs, in addition to
their regular lawful charge of 25 rents,
1 cent extra to cover cost of a revenue
stamp. That it is not now and never
has neen the duty of plaintiffs to pay
such revenue, and that plaintiffs would
not comply. Thereupon defendant refused
to carry the package to its destination.
That in the course of their business tno
plaintiffs are constant shippers of goods
and that unless they comply with the un
lawful and extortionate demand of the
defendant they will be forced to forego
shipments, to their irreparable detriment,
damage and injury.
Mr. Beard, of Thompson. Beard & Sons,
said in talking to a Call representative
to-day that he objected to paying the
revenue tax when first demanded by the
company more than a year ago, and, be
ing a large shipper, the company had
agreed to pay it. The agreement was
kept up to a month ago, when fche com
pany asked Mr. Beard to pay it. H.»
refused, and hence the suit. Messrs.
"Webber and Rutherford, attorneys for
the plaintiffs, filed the writ of mandate
on June IS in the Superior Court of Napa
County. Judge Ham of that court signed
the alternative writ on June 19 and served
the same on Aaron & Stein, defendant.,
representatives in San Francisco. The
alternative writ was made returnable on
July 3, 1899. and on that date the suit
will begin. Messrs. Webber and Ruther
ford are young lawyers of ability, deter
mined to win, and on behalf of their cli
ents will fight It to the last. A case sim
ilar to this is Fitzgerald vs. Wells-Fargo
Express Company, now pending in the
Superior Court of Snn Francisco, brought
there from the United States Circuit
Court on a question of original Jurisdic
tion, and the final settlement of the ques
tion rests on the decision of these two
cases.
Schindler Recovering.
STOCKTON. June 27.— Division Super
intendent A. C. Schindler of the Valley
road, who was recently operated upon in
San Francisco for appendicitis, is well on
his way to recovery and past all danger.
VAUGHAN PRAISES
THE AMERICANS
Meeting of the Catholic
Union Society.
DUKE OF NORFOLK PRESIDED
ARCHBISHOP IRELAND ON ENG
LISH-AMERICAN RELATIONS.
• —
Thinks the Two Countries Will Come
Closer Together — Thanks for
English Toleration of
Roman Catholics.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, June 27.— The Duke of Nor
folk, Premier Duke, hereditary Marshal
and Chief Butler of England, presided to
day at a special meeting of the Catholic
Union Society of Great Britain, convened
to hear an address by Archbishop
Ireland.
Baron Clifford of Chudleigh, Count of
the Holy Roman Empire, and* all the
Catholic nobility in London were present.
A letter was read from Cardinal Vaughan,
Archbishop of Westminster, expressing
the hope that the Catholic Church in,
England would become more closely al
lied to the Catholics of the United States.
He referred to the generosity of the
American people when he founded the
Catholic mission at Mtllhill, and said that
America first received missionaries from
here to the negro race. The future, in his
judgment, seemed to indicate even a more
intimate friendship between the two na
tions than had existed in the past.
Archbishop Ireland expressed his
pleasure at having an opportunity to ad
dress some of the greatest hereditary
families of England who had distinguished
themselves in science, art and literature.
The liberty granted by England to Rinnan
Catholicism would, he believed, greatly
influence the nations of the world, who
would imitate ht-r action in this question;
and her t-xnmple would thus be the means
of extending the church of Rome through
out the world.
Referring to the cordial relations be
tween Great Kritain and the United
States, the Archbishop said he hoped this
friendship would increase as the years
passed — a sentiment which was received
with hearty cheers.
Bishop Thomas O. Gorman of Sioux
Falls and the Bishop of Emmaus,
Palestine, were among those who listened
to the address.
MRS. LEIBBRANDT DID
ALL THE PROPOSING
Testimony of Jean Sorg in the
Breach of Promise
Suit.
SAN JOSE. June 27.— The taking of tes
timony was completed to-day in the $50,-
I 000 breach of promise suit of Mrs. Bertha
| Leibbrandt, the Santa Cruz widow, who
demands this sum from Jean Sorg, the
Arizona miner, who, she claims, failed to
I keep his promise of marriage.
Mrs. Leibbrandt was cross-examined
this morning. She stuck to her story
that Sorg had proposed marriage and she
accepted. Also that she began to dispose
, of her personal effects in order to carry
out her part of the contract.
Mrs. Elizabeth Wencks testified that
Mrs. Liebbrandt told her Sorg had prom
. ised to marry her. E. L. 'Wencks. Mrs.
"VYencks" husband. gave similar testimony.
■ M. E. Bankley and Mrs. M. McNamafa
gave testimony along the same lints.
Mrs. W. Pieruoques was the first wit
ress called for defense. She knew Mrs.
I,elbbrandt well. The plaintiff had told
her S'jrg had asked her to live with him
as his wife, but she had never heard her
say Sorg proposed to her.
Jean Sorg, the defendant, was the next
witness. He did not use very good En
glish and his funny answers pro% - oked
much merriment. He admitted he had
spt-nt much of his time in Santa Cruz
in Mrs. Iveibbrandt's company, but had
never proposed to the widow. On the
contrary, plaintiff did all the proposing;
in fact, every day she asked him
to marry her. He contradicted Mrs.
T.eibbrandt's statement that there had
been any Improper relations between
them. Witness stated he was married
last October in San Francisco and had a
grown son and daughh .• by a former
wife. He told plaintiff repeatedly that he
did not wish to marry her. but she kept
on proposing and seemed determined to
have him. He pitied the woman and sev
eral times gave her sums of money be
cause she was kind to him. He was go
ing to take up a mortgage for her at one
time, but on investigation found it was
not a safe investment. After he left San
ta Cruz she wrote to him for money, but
hf paid no attention to the letters. She
.ilko came to San Jose and demanded
money from him and threatened to sue
for breach of promise if he refused. This
closed the testimony. The case will go
to the jury to-morrow.
CANADIANS BRING IN
A COUNTER PROPOSAL
This Makes the Boundary Question
Seem as Far From Settlement
as Ever.
WASHINGTON. June 27.— The negotia
tions for a modus vivendi regulating the
Alaskan boundary have fallen into a
state that jeopardizes a successful out
come and causes apprehension among of
ficials. Nothing ,has been heard from
Embassador ('hoate as to the results of
the conference he had to-day with Lord
Salisbury on this subject, but the last
phase of the case was that the Cana
dians had come back with a counter pro
posal in place of accepting the definite
American proposition, which had been
carefully drawn with the sole purpose of
preventing any future controversy over
the points already agreed upon between
Choate and Lord Salisbury.
Instead of following the lines of the
American proposal and confining the
counter proposal to a plain statement of
the points already roughly indicated as
marking the boundary, this last issue pro
posed a radical change in the line on the
Dalton trail and was of a character
wholly unacceptable to the American side,
involving as it did the transfer into Ca
nadian jurisdiction of the fortunes and
claims of many American miners. Un
less there is a decided abatement on one
side or the other of the demands the de
sired modus will be as unlikely of attain
ment as was the permanent agreement on
the boundary question and the chances
for a reassembling of the joint high com
mission will fade away entirely.
AMERICAN IMPERIALISM.
It Will Be Discussed at the Annual
Pacific Grove Gathering.
PACIFIC GROVE, June 27.— The reg
ular annual midsummer reunion of pro
fessional and literary men of the Pa
cific Coast will open at this place July
4, continuing through to the 7th.
The reunion is a yearly gathering of
public m.^n for the purpose of discuss
ing in a semi-formal way vital ques
tions of the day. This year the general
theme will be "American Imperialism,"
subdivided into four special subjects —
"Greater America," "The Hawaiian An
nex," "the Philippine Annex" and "The
Porto Rican Annex" — a day being de
voted to each subject.
George Clifford, president of the Pa
cific Grove Retreat Association, will
preside, and the questions will be dis«
cussed from all standpoints by eminent
Pacific Coast thinkers.
Sloan-Westall Nuptials.
PALO ALTO. June 27.— The wedding of
Miss Alice Westall and James T. Sloan
was celebrated to-day at the home of
the bride by Rev. J. W. Graybill of the
Palo Alto Presbyterian Church. The
bride and groom are among the leaders
of the younger set of Palo Alto. J. T.
Sloan was a member of the Pioneer class
"95 of Stanford University. He is a son
of D. L. Sloan, a town trustee, and is
with his father in the local firm of D. L.
Sloan & Co., seed growers.
X THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
?£*+¥*+**+¥++*¥¥+*¥*¥** ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ «»»♦♦ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥*
* Special Fire- YflflE EliM>AfffcWW B^fi Mail Orders
J works Dep't. lIbE P«™" /; ' c f and
* andP^ell cAUFomiAS.L^ST=AMERMs,CRMDEST.STorx: ihed Z
Ik streets. received.
I '
* fCmm+cmkro%m%§jw** Make selections from the largest
* * " %*ww €## ndf retail stock in California— either
* — in our Toy Department, second
* floor, or in our special Fireworks
J Department across the street in ruins of the Baldwin Hotel.
* TThtOk Dtf*BflS£&G£ Bring the children to see the
» M MMt* W^%MMMMWS9m herd of Shetland Ponies— l 2 in
* all — 9 full grown . and 3 baby
& ponies. A paddock has been
* built for them in the Exhibition Room, second floor, and they are at
* home to their friends daily from 9a.m.t06 p. m. Admission free.
* ..,/■
* Straw Hat Stamped Linen
% Sale TO'SSay. Tray Cloths.
* Men's Plain Braid On Special .Sale Wednesday — 24 dozen
* an-i Sennet Straw /p£C£v^ I= r^ 51 stamped linen Tray Cloths, size 19x32
* Hats, ah popular 1^ M m am J | inches, pretty designs, violet?, roses,
* shapes, re rular ■ /f^Jßg J § MW£ etc ' a nice ' nne quality that would be
* 45c; on Wedne- vl^:-^"."""^ cheap for 15e each, for 8c
jt day only, each... Ni§ i-S^^^ ;X^
» uSZ&SV&t,^ A! of ourrcgu'ar VwhifC GOOuS
•> Sc^iO^^ "i^ $1.50 liaes of &m***f*!ji.B
* -Jjnhjr?^v*-*l*'Sffi-~. M n's Latest Special.
A - Style Straw H its, About £8 piece* Fine White Goods, con '
* Si^ijV7^^^^^^< inSannet Strtw-i, sistng of revere open-work stripes in
* > *^ fine plain braid, raised thread hemstitched finish; also hair-
* snlit straws. rou?h-ar.d-r-ady Pineapple, line dimities and satin check Nainsooks
£ Manila and Panama; on Wednesday only, all first-class, desirab goo is in this sea-
* each....; $i*l2 son's styles, our excellent !2'^c value, and
& today's price until sold, per yard. ,7%0
* Lunch Cloths Bicycle Lamps
I Very Special. Special To-Day.
* The ceabie Turkey Re 1 kind, .__ & This %9 Aootr
J fringed, medallion centers, appropriate /r'-y&t — '^Sf I" T
J for the fruit season because they wash '. M ''^^W(sl\ lin L a m on
Jso well, also for outing and kitchen L 5 ;)!!)') sa^ e a^ " a y
Ik cloths, in three sizes, viz.: U'»^'\owwl'^^s Wednesday at.
I » 6 a x."B inches, 6"c value 48c \K .-;^r^@ £152
*> 72x58 inches, 75c value 5Sc ; *The 'To^v'' head
* 88x58 inches, 90c value 68c ' r~~y light i 8 the small-
jV ■' ji[ '';fL est, most compact,
* Qs&j»M gives most light
{ Crockery Specials JC^. , and is 4 the J llO3l
* m m mm m^__.r»_, _ economical gas bicycle lamp made. Burns
* tOr WVeOneSttay. carbide in loose form; no dust or smoke;
* v^^tl^V,. A iarge lot of absolutel - v safe -
* y^l^^^\ best q ualit y — ;
1 a A large lot of LSCC CurtainS-
best quality! — ■
Breakfasted; Lace Curtains—
i \4\ <S soup ov piate ? , Special To-Day.
t \^ eft ov it from . $3 t ■, rish^ oint L ?. ce Gurtains-3^ yards
Dinner Sets K oj. $3 Insh Point Lace Curtams-3^ yards
* \*3^t&s>/*&¥ on Soecial Sale by 0 inches, eitner ecru or white, an
* >^L!^2=S< tidav oX excellent quahtyof net, choice patterns;
J dainty salmon pink decorations, regular on Wedne3da y onl y reduce! t0..... ........
« price $1.15 dozen; Wednesday only! set per pa *«•*<»
* of 6 for.. 38c
* Semi-Porcelain Mush Bow like pic- £?£)%/ <=' *rVn/«#c
* ture, briar-rose decoration, in pink, blue or ; ****Jr»* WwitMStS
: J sage green, regularly 10c each; to-day 6c SHUtS BIOUSCSp 35 C.
* I 22 dozen Boys' Waists and Blouses, odd
A Grocery anti lotS ' but near ever size represented;
\ 1' ***"*'* *2L 9 "'— m » c can, perfect goods in excellent pat-
J Llt/UOr &peCialS. terns, former prices 50c and 75c; special
* These reduced prices are for Wedne?-^ 0 -^ while quantity lasts 350
j[ day and Thursday on'y. We guarantee!- ' —
? the qualities of all our specials to be Al. - M ShtummSmm
» Butter— -Fancy Creamery, the usual I ,/V^W^^\ *"'**"' ™
* szj squares 33*1 VXvfflOl^^ RUCheS
* Full weight 2-lb squares 430 M;'ii^pl=^v ; «» - .
* Cheese— New Fancy Mild Cream— <^^^^^^ +*PCOI3I
£ per ib //C *Csl> f°l»»«»
? sa«-IQ-lb sacks gcol Kitchen Sat— 7i^>?^'<? # O-Uay.
T '■ regu'arly 8-; for 2days 5c _£
s Farina"— Hecker's— the Mb pk?s, 'J%c^Ql{B^V 45 only— Back
» regularly 10. for 7c '|^%i®iL Liberty Silk Neck
* Crown Flakes- A new package ' 'jra|!"Y Ruches, made up
* Mush, made from selected white corn] MM £ in the latest style,
* — regularly 10c. for 50 M .'J very full and fluffy, accordion
» Tomato es-Gallon cans, re galarly //Ml plaited ends of same material,
2 2-" c each, for the 2 days 200 W/JI iegu : ar value $1.25; on Wed-
T Maple Syrup— Cabin, re<?u- <^> ne3day on i v qj c
J lar v $1.20 gallon, for $1.00 "
* "Grystola"— Kirk's scouring soaD, WiiSSie* n flA |.
IV use i same as sapoiio — regularly 5c WVMaKWG UUGK
i w%,MM*Ato,££l£ Kmee Pants, 39c.
* shell, regularly 20c *, wll he |. Fo b °y 8 , 3 to 1° years-o»/y i 5 d ■««
!#> " 3 lbs for sOc m * lot— good qua'ity white duck,
t Nagieo Brandy -26 rear- old, none I rin me l r w i th ear ,' buttons ', worth nearly
{ better-re ,'ularlv $ .10 bottle.S/.25 double Wednesdays spec.al price; while
% Champion Bourbon-n quarts i lot lasts • 33c
* for BOG _v_ .
* canon for $2.75 Mohair
* Zlnfandel—A good 4-year-old qual- C no A|'*f T"/0.11-J»»# '
* ity, very cheap at 75c gallon, for 2 days &peGiai i O-Uay.
* 55c 35 dozen Mohair Gimps, nearly white
. 5 Pure Fruit Syrups — Raspberry, or cream, good designs, very pretty trim-
-6 Strawberry, Pineapple and Grenadine — mings, a similar lot at a previous sale
A quart bottles — regularly 50c each— for was all gone in two hours, regular prices
Ik 2 days 380 12>^c and lnc yard; Wednesday only.
&0, +44A4*A+++++**>+*>***>+A*+*4A+4.AAA&+4AA*4*44,
TRAGIC DEATH
OF ANDREW MARKS
Killed His Wife and Then
Himself.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C, June 27.— News
was brought by the steamer Empress
of China of the tragic death of Andrew
Marks, a San Francisco man who went
to Manila on one of the transports sail
ing out of the Golden Gate, and the Ma
nila woman who but seven days before
the tragedy he made his wife.
Marks, who was 41 years of age, made
a living as a cook to the army officers,
but in company with a Filipino woman,
to whom he was married, he deserted
them last May and went to Hongkong.
On arriving at Hongkong he estab
lished a restaurant, he being the cook
and his wife, whose maiden name was
Tairade, the waitress. On May 27,
seven days after the wedding, they
quarreled, and the woman left Marks
and took refuge in the house of a coun
tryman of hers. When Marks discov
ered her Might he followed and trace!
her to the house of a Filipino. The
owner of the house was not in, a Chi
nese servant being in charge of the
place. Marks pushed his way past him
and went upstairs.
He found his wife lying on the floor
of one of the rooms, and seizing her by
the hair he yanked her to her feet.
Then drawing a revolver he put a bul
let through her heart and another into
her brain. Then turning the revolver
on himself he placed it behind his ear
and almost blew the top of his head
off. He fell dead across the lifeless
body of his Filipino wife. Letters from
Consul Wildman and the marrlape li
cense were found in Marks' pocket.
Weds a Woodland Miss.
WOODLAND. June 27.— Miss Alice Au
j gustine Mering of Yolo and William Enos
Price of Yreka were married at noon to
day, and left for San Francisco this af
ternoon.
HOITT'S SCHOOL,
MEXLO PARK. SAX MATE*) COUNTY. CAL..
is rebuilding with all modern improvements.
Will be thoroughly equipped and begin Its
ninth year August 15th. Beautiful surround-
ings, home influences. Offers superior advan-
tages for the care and thorough training of
boys. Accredited at the universities.
IRA G. HOITT. Ph. D.. Principal.
ST. MATTHEW'S MILITARY SCHOOL,
SAN MATEO. CAL.— FOUNDED A. D. im.
by the late Rev. Alfred Lee Brewer, D.D.
For catalogue and illustrated circular address
REV. \V. A. BREWER, A. 8.,
Rector and Head Master.
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY.— Grants
diplomas and confers degrees. Rare oppor-
tunity offered in music, art and elocution.
One hour from San Francisco. Write for
catalogue to Mrs. C. T. Mills, President,
Mills College P. 0., Alameda Co., Cal.
Thlrty-tn'rd year. Fall term opens August
2. -1539.
— — — — — — • i -M— y - - . ._ . m
SACRED ART ACADEMY
MENLO PARK.
COXDTTOTED BY THE LADIES OF THE
Sacred Heart. Term opens August 2d. For
particulars apply to the MOTHER SUPERIOR.
56
v 0 $ M 4 - r*? i& 2144
* "**
.-. . ■ ,
WEDNESDAY JUNE 28, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
Publication OFFICE Market and Third st».. S. F
Telephone Main IS6B.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Finsle C< I les, t> cents.
Term « by Mb.il, Including Port***:
pAIT.T CALL (Including Sir.day Call), one year $«.OO
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 6 months 8.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 3 months 1.50
J AILY CALL— By Single Month ysc
BUNDAY CALL On« Year l- 3 °
WEEKLY CALL One Year l - Oii
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscription*.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building,
Chicago.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman House; P. 0 News Co.; Great Northern Hotal;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE.
PERRY LUKENB JR 29 Tribune Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf -A stor Hotel. A. Brentano. 31 Union Square-;
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay.
cpen until 9:30 o'clock; 367 Hayes street, ooen until
6:30 o'clock- 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Lork'n street, open until 9:30 o'clock
-1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, cpen until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, cpen until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock
>
AMUSEMENTS.
C Lady Ursula."
Lily of Klllarney."
it."
I : -Vaudeville every afternoon
1
Olyi - - Mason and Ellis streeti specialties.
1., Market street, near Eighth— Bat-
I ■
•-■ etc.
AGAIN, THE CRITICS.
OUR friendly reader and amicable antagonist re
turns again to the I ing The Call
in imperialism. By his letter, printed else
• Filipino con
y, with the reservation that Dewey's
ictor in the Spanish
• • Dewey was in Manila
I M the natives g
gntj of Panay. It it did, France
. •>• of the U stal use the pr< sence
c-t her land ed the final sur
f Git ■ t Yorktown. Indeed,
forces w< re in the
nflict with Cornwallis and her battle st
; ' mrs.
Our ■ the rule of law. of all
law, international included, that a sale re
■
pi wer i" deliver it. That Spain had nothing to sell in
roved by her failure to deliver. If
her title had been - r hantable we would
have been • . I February to vindicate it.
;- such ;. primary principle that* it > statement
ritics, friendly and un
■
Our correspondent takes the ground that Spain
owned th< I | pie, and hud the right
to sell the latter, not emancipate, but sell them not
enfranchisement and freedom, but sell them out
(■," hi eel ■ ours. This is a position not
heretofore taken by Americans b< I its heresy
.; scheme of g<
We have n the right of monarchies to sell
and of thi to buy the sovereignty and right
• itory, but not to sell civilized
A republic cannot
remain a republic and hold subjects. Therefore, in
i ii r first ■ the purchase of sovereignty and the
eminent domain to territory, we stipulated
. France that her subjects living in Louisiana
should be citizens of the United States. In
buying i Spain, we did the same. At the
■ of the Mexican War and our acquisition of all
Western and Southwestern territory, we stipu
thereon were to be citizens of
I Stati • ise < : Texas, we admitted
I.< r ■ ■•• the Union and made all of her people
cur fellow citizens, after firsi giving them the oppor
tunity to say by ballot whether they wished the
chair.
Thi> explanati n to he often necessary be
■ imperialists persist in analogizing what we are
g to do in the tro] ' i ipines with what we
the spread of our institutions
rritory in the temperate zone.
The ii - do noi propose to admit the Fili
tizei ;hip. Therefore, in the
■.'■:' Paris 5] nd we buy them as sub
■ • Is i cfuse to be delivered.
\V< are asked | ive think should be done with
■ ' of changing in a year in
our ■ ■ ■ year ago we had
. the same knowledge of them that nine tenths of
■ <>ple had.
Since then Dewey, whom our critic so highly re
•-. Ins said: "The Filipinos are much more
capable of self g< ■ ernment than are the Cubans, and
I know both i"
This being true, what would our critic d^ with the
Cubans if the Filipinos are to he held as subjects?
There is a touch of humor in the situation anent
oan kingship that reminds one of the oyster
in the fable. Of that famous bivalve it is related that
red on a sea beach by two wayfarers.
of them stooped and picked it up, but the other
or of the fact thai ho saw ii first
'I he dispute w; j s left to a lawyer who happened to pass
that way He calmly opened the bivalve, swallowed
jui< y morsel inside, rind, parting the shells, crave
••■ to each of the disputants. The island kingship
: - the oyster on the beach, the ownership of which
three Commissioners of the powers have settled
swallowqig, pivinj; Malietoa Tanu and Mataafa a
shell each.
Arthur Twining Hadley, the new president of
Yale, says it is a mistake to think that the army
who :'.re =o hungry for commissions are
. merely curbstone brokers.
.The Peace Congress minht take with profit another
leaf out of the American book. Let it proclaim a
.Thanksgiving day. That ought to scatter the Young
Turkey party.
NEWS FROM VOLUNTEERS.
SIXCPI military operations began in the unde
clared war against the Filipinos the rigid cen
sorship maintained by General Otis has been so
effective that the American people are not in posses
sion of the real facts of that distant situation, except
as given in the letters of volunteers. These letters
reach the general public only through their publica
tion, usually in some country paper. Hence it is that
the real current history of the far war is being pub
lished i:i papers all over lowa, Kansas, Nebraska.
■ Dakota, Minnesota, Idaho. Washington and else
: where in the States which have volunteers in the field.
The collection of these letters to make a connected
story is impossible, but each is complete in its narra
tive and furnishes the truth, which is rigidly excluded
from the official nnd censored news.
Private Smith of the Fifty-first lowa writes under
date of May 7, and we find his letter in the State
■ Press, published in lowa City. The editor takes pains
■ to state that he omitted the must serious parts of it.
so that, after all, what appears has passed a censor.
Private Smith says:
"As the American line advances soldiers mu*t be
left in the r ear to guard, thus weakening the fighting
fi rce as each advance is made. Our boys have to
charge every trench, only to find themselves outrun
and the native army far in advance. Every native
man, woman and child in the islands is a soldier, and
they wage a furious running fight As a rule they
are poor shots, or our army would have been de
stroyed long ago. Should the natives keep up the
1 pace much longer the American army will be in bad
pc, as many of the men are sick from the oppres
sive heat and fever. Whenever a man drops out of
the American army it means an idle rifle, while, on the
: other hand, the enemy always has some one ready to
fill up the gap made by the bullets of our soldiers.
"The volunteers are being pushed to the front, as
are supposed to be coming home soon, and some
of the regulars remain around Manila. When this
island is once under control there are two more that
must be taken in exactly the same manner, and it will
require a hundred thousand troops to hold them.
The United States sized these people up too cheaply,
and. though the military officers said they had them
whipped two months ago. the fact of the matter is
• the enemy is as strong as ever. We are losing
force on the tiring line every day. and the more ter
ritory we take the greater the force required to hold
the ground. After getting beyond reach of the gun
boats on the bay our force is weakened to a great ex
tent in each skirmish. The rainy season is just start
ing and it pours to beat the band, so if more volun
teers come they will like the place! Any place
would be a paradise compared to this hole, and I
i think the United States will get good and sick of this
, expansion business before they get through with it.
It will cost us ten millions to get this one island un- i
(\i control. The natives have better arms than our
: ers. and their Mausers kill twice as far as our
Springfield-. We have to stand their fire until within
charging distance, and then they fall back. I have
-1 1 n men in our army pulling artillery and mules
standing in the shade, the officers being afraid the
mules would be killed. These high officers stay a mil?
in the rear and send an orderly with an order for as
to charge, and then they get all the praise."
Xo comment i- needed. The volunteers are citizens
; and look beyond the day's tight and measure the fu
; ture.
In the Dcs Moines Leader of June 11 is a letter
, from Mrs. Kitty Loper. wife of the colonel of the [
Fifty-first lowa. It is written from the hospital sta
tion on Corregidor Island. The lady says:
"'The prospect now is that we may reach home some
time this fall, possibly sooner. If they do not send
our volunteer regiments home soon there will only be
a handful to go homo, they are so rapidly succumbing
ickness and fighting. You mothers at home may
a- well know that your hoys are in constant danger
and be prepared for the worst if it come. This war :
! in the Philippines is not so flowery as it is pictured to
i you at home. You get only one side of it. the other :
i being concealed by those high in command. The '
i lives of our brave boys are being constantly sacrificed
to add to the laurels of those same high officers. As :
; I heard one of the colonels say the other day, they i
arc killing our volunteers in attempting to accom- !
in a few weeks what will take years to accom
plish."
The last sentence of that letter may well be studied. !
The imperialists have been in such a hurry to get
! in and grasp the profits of conquest and get the
salaried places which will so abound in the civil and ;
military administration required by our subjects that
they have led the Government into a serious piece of i
i business without adequate preparation. It was said j
recently that when the volunteers return they will be i
, missionaries for imperialism, and will insist on hold
ing the beautiful islands they have conquered. But
| the volunteers are not children who wish to play with j
' a venomous snake just because it is pretty. They are
: American citizens of full stature, and have ideas about
; the* military and civil policy of their Government
; which do not run with the imperial dreams of the
i schemers who wish to use an army to repress liberty
abroad and destroy it at home.
THE SPECIAL LEGISLATIVE SESSION-
THE intention of the Huntington monopoly, act
ins through its obedient servitor. Governor
Gage, to have an extraordinary session of the
, Legislature called, in order that its much worn chattel,
: Daniel M. Burns, may be elected to the Federal Sen
; ate. was fully disclosed in The Call of yesterday. The
omplishment. of this nefarious design against the
welfare and the respectability of the State, through
a gubernatorial appointment, has been appar
! ently abandoned. The interesting question now is
whether, under the law. the new scheme can suc
ceed.
Precedents for the election of a Federal Senator for
a full term at a special legislative session, when at a
regular session the joint convention failed to elect,
may exist, but. if so. such examination as The Call
has been enabled to make has failed to discover them.
A reference to applicable constitutional and statu
tory provisions is apparently conclusive against the
existence of the power. The reason for the disability
of the State executive to appoint under article I. sec
tion 3, of the Federal constitution, is because the term
of Stephen }£• White expired March 3, 1809, while
the Legislature was in regular session and actually
engaged in voting for his successor, and, therefore,
there was no vacancy within the meaning of the sec
tion. If -a vacancy for some cause other than the
expiration of a term by limitation had been created
after the Legislature adjourned, then the Governor
could have appointed for the unexpired remainder of
the term, subject to the elective right of the Legis
lature, either in special or regular session, to sup
! plant the temporary appointee. The statutory law on
this subject is quite clear, and it seems equally clear
against the power which Mr. Huntington now desires
to usurp.
A$ Judge Story has observed in his "Commentaries
on the Federal Constitution," that instrument did not
prescribe in what manner Federal Senators should be
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 28, 1899.
j chosen by State Legislatures. The procedure was
j confided to the States, subject to the enactment of a
! controlling law by Congress, under article I, section
; 4. of the Federal constitution, such as was actually
! passed July 25. 1866. This statute does not change
the provisions of our Political Code, which, by section
1332, declares that elections for Senators in Congress
for FULL terms must be held "at the REGULAR
session of the Legislature next preceding the com
mencement of the term to be filled, " and. by section
1332. that VACANCIES shall be filled by election
"at the SESSION of the Legislature next succeeding
the occurrence of such vacancy." The discrimination
here evident is carried out by the Revise-d Statutes of
the United States, which, under title 11, chapter 1,
' provides, as in the Political Co<!e. that the Legisla
ture "chosen" next preceding the expiration of a full
I Senatorial term to be filled shall proceed to elect on
the second Tuesday after its organization, or, when a
vacancy occurs pending the regular session, then on
the second Tuesday after organization and notice. An
independent section, a? in the Political Code, ap
'. plies to other vacancies.
It Follows that the same discrimination between full
nnd unexpired terms and between regular and other
legislative sessions is recognized both by Congress
and by the State, and, therefore, as an original ques
tion at least, that the power of the Legislature at an
extraordinary session to elect at all for a full term,
that is, where no vacancy exists, is extremely doubt
ful. But there is no doubt whatever that the Gov
ernor has no power to convene the Legislature for
t lie purpose of electing a Federal Senator. It has
been frequently held that such an election is not a
legislative act. Our State constitution of 1849, by
article V, section 0. permitted the Governor to con
vene the Legislature by proclamation, and, when as
sembled, to state the purposes of his action. But the
constitution of 1870. article V, section 9. disposed of
this generality and declares that the executive may,
"on extraordinary occasions, convene the Legislature
by proclamation, stating the purposes for which he
has convened it. and. when so convened, it shall have
no power to LEGISLATE on any subjects other
than those specified in the proclamation."
The condition of the Federal Senatorship is ex
actly as the regular session of the Legislature left it.
No "extraordinary" or other "occasion" has since
arisen. And the executive can only convene the Leg
islature for its law-making business. Therefore, if
Governor Gage should attempt to work out the rail
road design to elect Dan Burns by means of a procla
: mation, his act would be void on its face. If he makes
the effort by creating some extraordinary legislative
i occasion, as no "vacancy" e\ist«. it is most doubt
in! whether in that manner the fraud could be legally
consummated.
The contortions of the heavenly twins, under the
high pressure of railroad steam, are agile, but gro
tesque.
THE COMING YACHT RACE.
REPORTS of the two yacht?, the Columbia and
the Shamrock, which have l>een constructed to
contest with one another the possession of the
famous America's cup, afford a striking evidence of
the value of such contests in improving the art of
yacht building. At each successive race the compet
ing yachts have been better and fleeter than those of
. the one which preceded it. The Defender, which won
! the match against the Valkyrie, was supposed to he
very near perfection in the way of a racing yacht, but
the Columbia, just launched, has in a trial trip walked
away from her with comparative ease.
The Shamrock has not yet been tested, but she was
launched on Monday, and the experts who saw her
are sanguine she will prove to be the best racing yacht
ever built in a British shipyard. A great secret has
neen made of her construction, and even her dimen
! *ions have not yet been authoritatively made public.
: Her owner. Sir Thomas Lipton, is a self-made man
: ot vast wealth, who does not count the cost nor hag-
J g!e over expense on any enterprise on which he has set
■ his heart, and we may be sure that whatever British
1 ingenuity could device for making the Shamrock per
fect has been done. Nothing has been spared any
where because of a lack of funds.
It was the intention of the challenger that the
Shamrock should be built in an Irish shipyard, but all
of them were too busy to undertake it. The yacht,
therefore, is Irish in name only. It is said by those
who saw her when she was about to be launched that
never before was such a beautiful, such a perfectly
modeled specimen of a racer constructed in the three
kingdoms, and British experts are reported to be san
guine of winning the trophy for which they have so
often contested in vain. •
Such being the excellencies of the two yachts, it <>
probable we are to have the excitement of the great
est race in the history of the world. Moreover, it
promises to be carried out in a thoroughly sportsman
like way. free from all the wrangles which made the
last contest so unpleasant to all concerned. The
success of the Columbia in beating the Defender on
'. her trial trip encourages the hope that the trophy will
remain with us. If we should lose it, however, the
loss would not be for long. A prompt challenge
would go to the winner, and American skill would set
itself to the task of improving on the Columbia as
much as the Columbia has improved on the Defender.
THE PRESS AND THE FAKER.
NJ OT in San Francisco only, but throughout the
j State, has there been an expression of
popular indignation against the faker who, be
cause his son has been successful in the prize-ring,
has undertaken to profit by the notoriety in the
career of a street preacher.
In commenting upon the subject the Riverside En
terprise says: "We can agree with the San Francisco
Call that the worst faker yet is the reverend father of
Jim Jeffries. He is leading a soul-saving crusade in
San Francisco and advertising the business by the un
savory renown of his jaw-jamming son."
The Placerville Nugget is equally strong in its con
demnation and says: '"It is indeed an extreme case
of the many cranky notions and foolish assertions
which help to offend and antagonize the decent sense
and feeling of many people. Mr. Jeffries Sr. should
take to the hills and find a hole."
These are illustrations of the general sentiment of
the people of all parts of California on the subject,
and furnish proof that the faker will not be successful
in his efforts to "elevate the pulpit" on his lines in
any community of the State. Clearly there is a limit
to the endurance of the public. There are some
things which even the wide toleration of Californians
will not support.
The Due d'Orleans crashed himself into a brick
wall the other day and was severely battered. He cer
tainly ought to be accustomed to the sensation after
so many tilts against the brick wall of French repub
licanism.
A Los Angeles character, who began life as a
sheepherder and won wealth by unremitting energy,
has died in poverty and disgrace. He probably over
looked the road taken by Governor Gage.
BERKELEY WILL ADD HER SHARE
TO THE DEWEY STATUE FOND
Captain William H. Marston, President of the Board of Trustees
Berkeley.
BERKELEY is the latest city to swing Into line for the Dewey mon
ument, and with its well-known reputation for aiding in public
matters it will not be behind its sister cities in promoting the
movement. Captain W. H. Marstnn, president of the Board of
Trustees, the highest municipal officer, has this to pay:
BERKELEY, June 27.— T0 the Editor of The Call— Sir: Per
sonally I approve of the erection of a monument to Dewey most
heartily. It was undoubtedly a wioe move on the part of Mayor
Phelan and the Monument Committee to make this a State
instead of a local affair. It was the appropriate thing to do, and
should meet with a ready response on all sides. I cannot say at
the present moment what stand this city will take. When the
movement for closing saloons was on, a few weeks ago, people
showed an enthusiasm which was quite surprising, and they were
willing and ready to subscribe money even to carry their point.
If the same interest is shown in this, we will be able to do
something substantial. I intend to talk the question over with
several of the leading citizens, and should it seem advisable we
shall call a public meeting in order to bring it before the city.
WILLIAM H. MAFvSTON.
President Board of Trustees.
"FREDERICK,
THE GREAT" AT
THE ALCAZAR
To set a living, breathing Frederick
before a critical public is a task that
might strain the combined ability of half
a dozen good dramatic writers. That vio
lent, egotistical, savage, yet tender and
affectionate old paradox, who galloped
from the field of Mollwitz for very fright
at his first battle and was yet the greatest
commander of his age. owing many a de
feat to his own blunders and many ;i vic
tory to his generals; that military despot,
without confidants, who without scruple
would abandon his allies at the moment
of victory: that lover of poetry, who yet
missed the best literary companionship
because he hated his mother tongue and
knew no other save his idolized French
which he never learned to spell: that
humorist who signed himself "by the
the grace of God, King of Prussia. Elec
tor of Brandenburg and possessor of Vol
taire." whom he "knew to be a scoun
drel." and yet made use of for very need.
By some lie was painted the sensualist
and voluptuary, by others the epitome of
moderation, benevolence, peace; a tena
cious old warhorse who lived beyond his
three score and ten on four hours" sleep
mi t of twenty-four and died possessed of
but one fine dress and so poor in shirts
that his valet de chambre supplied one
for his burial.
George Foster Platt. the author, who
also manages the stage and plays a part
well, has covered with his strong play
three eventful years of Frederick's life.
and he has handled his subject well. He
is such a master at writing good speeches
and inventing clever situations that we
wish he might 'never condescend to a pub
lic taste for broad comedy. 'Tjs the one
false note in a vigorous composition. In
four acts he shows us the King in his
moods of domestic tyranny, his phases of
wit and philosophy, his military greatness
and decision, that counted not the cost;
his tender sympathies for those who
worked and "suffered in the Interests of
his empire. In the play Silesia, for which
he fought so many years, is made the
theme of his life: La Rarbnrina. the Star
of Italy, its variation. The present ver
sion Is not the one featured by Mr. Mor
rison during his coming season, for the
last two acts have been rewritten, greatly
enhancing its value and strength. The
Alcazar stage was found Inadequate to
the scenic needs of the altered work. Mr.
Morrison plays Frederick with unmistak
able pleasure In the part and with the
light and shade that make a most con
vincing picture of the crusty old fire
eater. He "sees" Frederick and trans
lates his vision into his work. In his
generous giving of the best that is in him
he is a quiet sermon to many a slovenly
worker In his chosen field. Would they
might profit by it. In the hands of Miss
Roberts La Barbarina is indeed a Star of
Italy and several other places. Her knack
of appearing In a new gown and fetching
head dress whenever scenes need bright
ening whs appreciated by the audience
and applauded before even a word was
spoken. Her first stormy interview with
Frederick was refreshing as a breeze In
August. T wonder why actors have never
thought of responding to encores and re
peating scenes! If opera singers take that
liberty, why not the mummers? Now.
there's an argument for an enterprising
essayist! The Yon Trenck of Mr. "Whlt
tlppev was excellent — all the more so as
the Amelia of the cast could never inspire
the beautiful, impassioned love speeches
spoken so tenderly and gracefully. Mr.
Scott's Voltaire is yet a little uncertain
as to key. With larger time he will grasp
the character more securely. He cannot
be created in a week. We commend the
handling of the scene where he and Mau
perltus exchange the gentlemanly cour
tesies of pig and fool. Miss Howe's
Countess Swartzfeld w#s somewhat strid
ent and rather fortissimo; Mr. Webster's
General Hulson a very creditable per
formance. Miss Virginia Drew made her
professional debut as the Queen and
seemed fresh from the hands of the elo
cution teacher. She has talent, but must
undo much of her training.
"Frederick the Great" !s educational
and merits the best houses. In these days
of patriotism and firecrackers it is well
to remember that he once sent a sword
of honor to our own Washington with
the generous message. "From the oldest
general In the world to the greatest "
CHARLOTTE THOMPSON
New Quarantine Officer.
J. J. Klnyoun has been appointed by the
Treasury Department as Quarantine" Offi
cer In place of Dr. Brooks, who has been
relieved from duty.
THE CALL CRITIC AGAIN.
To the Editor of The Call— Sir: Would
you kindly grant spare for another letter
—the last on this subject— from "Another
Call Critic," fo called. In answer to the
undersigned, in your issue of the 13th
inst., you Pay in regard to Iloilo, "the
Spanish surrender to the natives made
them by the laws of war the sovereigns
of Panay; thc-y made the conquest, forced
the surrender and ended Spanish jurisdic
tion themselves without help from us."
I claim that Dewey gave great assist
ance in the taking of Iloilo by the na
tives, and he never left Manila Bay,
either. He sank the ships that could
have relieved the town and penned up the
Spanish soldiers in Manila that could
have reinforced the garrison had t h < \
been able to get there. In other words,
he made it possible for the natives tj
take the place, just as much as he pre
vented the American merchant vessels "f
the Pacific Coast from being captured
or destroyed, and he was not here, either.
His guns reached far— good for some, bad
for others.
It pains me to think that Spain sold
something to the United States for $2 >.
-0 that she did not own. Uncle Sam,
thought to be so sharp in business (evon
if he could not fight), failed to find the
cloud on the title. Not even friendly Eng
land or any great power warned poor
uncle, and only one flying diplomat
named Agoncillo noticed the flaw and
protested Poor title and all, I would likv?
to see some foreign power try to buy
Panay from the natives on the strength
of uncle's bogus title! But in all serious
ness, Mr. Editor, what do you think ought
to be done with those islands? You hav°
changed your ideas so much in a year
about those people. In an editorial of
May 12. ISOS. is tht- following: "But when
we did it we destroyed Spain's power to
protect the civilized people of the Philip
pines frnm massacre by the insurgent de
scendants of the Malay headhunter*.
Talk about a republic in those islands
is like talk about a Sioux or an Apache
republic in Dakota or Arizona. Not only
are those £.000.000 mongrels ignorant of
self-government." etc. etc.
Hops an Apache change In a year?
Thanking you in advance. I remain, yours
respectfully. WILLIAM STILL.
127 A Guerrero street. San Francisco.
THE HANDSOME TEACHER OF
ALAMEDA.
To the Editor nf The Call— Sir: In jus
tice to others, permit me pome of your
space. I rrfer to "Handsome Teacher
Wanted" in your Alameda columns of the
24th inst.. and to squibs in other papers
not Po reputable.
I am at the service of reporters at all
times, but it is in writing over my signa
ture; all other statements I disown.
About five months a*o, as Clerk, I re
ceived an application for our school "on
the occurrence of a vacancy." I filed it.
Recently two Trustees were elected. The
new board is organized for business tha
first Saturday in July. Not until then
can a teacher be elected. I, a hold-over,
called the new board together to discuss'
informally, school matters. As I under
stand it. we thought the sentiment of the
district preferred a teacher of experience
up to date in methods; if a lady, unmar
ried, and a stranger to the district; and
I learned our school was promised to rio
one. also that about twenty applications
were looked over.
The writer of this five-months-old ap
plication—was she alive, in reach, did s!ie
still wish the school, who was she, mar
rtea or single? We did not know
After we parted, it occurred to me it :
would be a kind act to let the lady know
there was a vacancy and the testimon
ials needed.
The other Trustees were as ignorant of !
my writing, and what I wrote, as the
good President of the T'nited States. ,
And any statement purporting to rumt
from me that I looked upon anything I [
wrote as a joke, or that the other Irus
tecs did. cr knew of it. or approved of it, I
is as false as false can be. no matter
"here it appears or who may say it.
Did the lady remember having sent this I
old application? To fully refresh her '
memory in the premises ' and save my j
time. I noted on her application and
mailed it in the envelope she had ad
dressed.
"There is a vacancy: will be filled early
in July. Wa wish a teacher of experi
ence, up to date, and unmarried." The I
application and address were silent on
thesethree needs. I did not write "Misa
— " or "Madame." for I did not know
which she was; or age, or looks. "If
good looking that is no objection and
one Trustee is single. I write you be
cause this application is old."
i A teacher of experience would have
said: "Ah. good! I will have the chil
dren of but two Trustees in school."
"Good looking!" Emphasize these two
words. I did not say "handsome." I cio
not wish children for ten months in Ihj
year to face an 111-looking teacher. Of
course, I never saw one. Now, if yaiL
say she is both good looking and h.Vij^P
some or beautiful, that Is an added m--r V
I will ever think so. T
To my dull head, all I wrote is purs
business. I never thought it a joke, or
ever said so or Intimated so. And n;>
one knew a word I had written prior to
the receiver opening it.
I am thus explicit to clear the nth^r
Trustees of my crime. They did not
elect me Clerk; they cannot depose na
and are wholly innocent. They are good
men. and the attempt to drag them into
this is not the act of good men.
Who dragged the applicant before th»
public is not for me to say. \estenlay t
lady purporting to be her married c
with her husband called on me. Sh
stated that her father and sister were | n
Amador County all this time and had
been, and knew nothing of it.
She appeared greatly distressed, "and
my sister Is so modest and retirine
suffering will be awful!"
If the applicant has friends who. i
absence, receive, open and make pi
hT letters and act the fool genera
is a misfortune I trust your paper
make all the amends it can.
We will npfii school with two of t u ,<»
best Trustees (I am so black all that has
been satd touches me noti and the t
snitiost schoolhouse in Alameda Coi
and we want the best equipped tea
in the county.
Said applicant may he that teacher.
and I tried to give her such notice thai
she could make that fact known to -
Trustees. But her friends, ah! h«r
friends! Honl soft gui ma! y pense.
C. H. ALLISON.
Alameda. June 2fi. 1899.
HONOR THE BRAVE.
To the Kditor of The Call— Sir: T hav|
jii = t finished rending the fiery eloquen/^L
of Governor Roosevelt at the grand r»^
union of the famoua Rouph Riders, ar '
! share with him in showering the laurels
I of heroism on the pallnnt survivors of s
I Juan- TIHI. Th" Rouen Riders, as I
country know*, were the pick and
of the dare-devil fighters of th>' W.
a sprinkling of lion-hearten societj
like Roosevelt. Hamilton Fisk and t!
dashing young Capron. l'iif.>rtiinate!v ( r
our country, after displaying such n -
nificent courage and power of executl
the Rough Riders retired from the Held '
! Mars with tlif close of the Cuban
palgn. Anrl this recalls the fact that S
i Francisco has now within her pates. <
their way to the Philip Dines, a remna
the heroic colored soldiers who wer<
le<=<? brave and effective on that r>
day in the storming of San Juan Hi
It will he remembered that the Ninth ai I
Tenth Cavalry of the regular army,
fighting on foot, really led the van
paved the day. These colored troopers
according to every correspondent, foughi
iik<-' devils, and but for them the redi
I able Rough Riders would have bep-i
! massacred and exterminated. In trn
j guage of George M. Hurley of New Yo
', who was wounded four times in
' bloody engagement, "there can he i,
doubt that none of them (the Rough
■ Riders i would have lived to tell the tal*
[ had the arrival of the Ninth and Tenth
for any reason heen retarded." The sec
! ond white man on the hill that day was
Captain John F. Mrßlain of San Fran
: Cisco, where he enlisted as a private over
, twenty years ago. As raptaln of onr> of
the companies of the Ninth Cavalry, Cap
tain Mrßlain led his brave fellows into
; the very jaws of death, and no man fal
; tered. How nobly the Ninth and Tenth
; did their duty has been recognized by .
I Colonel Roosevelt, and is now a matter
of history. In view of the splendid record.
: while glorying in the honors paid to
the Rough Riders, who have now retired,
would It not be well and patriotic for this
great city to pay some attention— get up
; some public demonstration In recognition
! of the heroic colored soldier? now In our
midst, whose splendid courage blazed
I forth on San Juan Hill, and who are still
. in the service and en route for further
fighting? It seems to me there should be
"lor line In natriotlsm. Respect
fully. R. L.
THE JOURNAL AND THE CLARK
BABY.
The New York Journal offered a reward
of 12000 to the person or persons who
should be Instrumental in returning the
Clark baby t" tts mother. When the bahv
was found the Journal announced tha*
$1000 should be given to the woman who
recognized the baby and really put the po
lice on the track of the kidnapers, and
$1000 should be deposited with the Jour
nal's pet trust company, to be paid to th"
baby herself when she reached the age of
twenty-one or should get married. Why
the baby should receive any part of the
money promised to its discoverers is not
apparent. Perhaps it never will. The life
expectation of a twenty-months' baby
gives the Journal a good strong string on
that $1000. And yet it asks the public to
help it make capital out of Admiral
Dewey's popularity by intrusting it with
money to buy him a loving cup which he
doesn't want, nnd probably wouldn't ac
cept from the Journal— New York Life.
"UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE."
Hereafter when a Mayor of San Fran
cisco says he is "unalterably opposed*'
to any proposition or scheme we should
all remember to add "until further no
tice." It is not that we should care
what the Mayor does, but simply for th*
correct construction of his language. A
Mayor of a great city is presumed to be
a man of his word, and therefore there
is the more need for having all his mean-
Ing put into words, that no one may be
misled.— Berkeley World -Gazette.
Another Assessor's Suit.
The Nevada Bank brought suit yester
day in the United States Circuit Court
against Assessor Dodge to restrain him
from collecting taxes on $<53.0f»n worth '
personal properly, consisting of stock, etc
The suit is similar to others recently
brought by other banks.
Cal. glace fruit BOc per lb at Townsend's.*
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
In the Divorce Court.
Genevleve M. P.urnham was granted a
divorce yesterday from E. W. Burnham
on the ground of desertion. Lena Pruhm
asks for a divorce from Charles H. Pruhm
on the ground of failure to provide.
Reduced Kate to Detroit and Return
Over Northern Pacific Railway.
The C. E. convention will be held In Detroit
this year, commencing July fc Tne Northern
Pacific will be official route, as it wnj In 1897.
when the convention was held in San Frr.-icts:-o.
Over 10,000 people returned East over the
Northern Pacific, and they were loud In their
praises over the many beauties seen along ha
line Tou will have a nice, cool, pleasant
journey enjoying the riKWrt luxurious of accom
modations. Btopover allowed at the wonderful
Yellowstone Park. Send 6c In stamps for il
lustrated book to T. K. Stateler. General
Agent 63S Market it. Kan Franoisco.
EXCURSION TO
SBl— Detroit, Mich., and Beturn — $81
Leave San Francisco 8 a. m.. June 29, th<s
Burlington Route will run an excursion to
Detroit in charge of a special manager. Up
holstered tourist Bleeping cars used on this
occasion. Route via Salt Lake and Denver,
passing Colorado scenery by daylight. Arrive
Detroit 6 p. m. July 3. Berths reserved, etc.,
at 32 Montgomery street. San Francisco, or
972 Broadway. Oakland.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup'
H:is Veen used for fifty years by millions oi
mothers for their children while Teething wti i
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bnwels and Is the best remedy ft r
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething oi
other causes. For sale by Druggifts In tvery
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 250 a bottle.
Low Bates to Detroit, Michigan, for
Christian Endeavor Convention.
The SANTA FE ROUTE will make rate o
$81 for the round trip. Tickets on sale Jupj
29th. For full particulars call at ticket off £
628 Market street, this city, or 1118 Broadway,
Oakland.
HOTEL. DEL CORONADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only J6 11 feS
steamship. Including fifteen days 1 board at
hotel; longer stay $2 50 per day. Apply at «
New Montgomery street, San Franciscq. " • HUNTINGTON'S SCHEME
TO "READJUST" OPPOSED
English Stockholders of the Central
Pacific Appeal to the United
States Court.
Bill to Restrain the Manipulators From Merging the
Stock Into the Capacious Maw of the
Southern Pacific Company.
English stockholders of the Central Pacific Railroad Company have ap
pealed to the United States Circuit Court to restrain C. P. Huntington and
Ais associates from absorbing the Central Pacific into the Southern Pacific
Company and to stop the payment of interest on new bonds or mortgages if
jssued or made.
The bill occupies nearly 100 pages of typewritten matter. Like Victor •
Hugo's "History of a Crime," it is "fresh, bleeding with facts." It recites
the history of manipulations by Huntington and his associates by which
manipulations, it is alleged, they have enriched themselves and defrauded'
the stockholder*. The bill traverses the allegation that more than 90 per
cent of the shareholders of the road were committed to the readjustment
schemes of Mr. Huntington.
The bill is a blow at the vitals of the Huntington ring, and it promises
to inaugurate one of the mGst desperate legal battles of a decade.
AT the last annual election by the
stockholders <>f the Central Pacific
Railroad Company it was stated that
ore thai 90 per cent of the share
. holders of the road were committed to
the readjustment scheme conceived by
Mr. Huntingdon, the purpose of which i-s
the absorption of the Central Pacific by
• the Southern Pacific Company. In the
carrying forward of this scheme .Mr.
Huntington's co-workers are the Spcyers,
B stock and bond dealing firm of London
end New York.
The basis of the readjustment pian Is
to increase the bonded debt of the Cen
tral Pacific Company from about $116,000,
--poo to something over $160,000,000; to trans
i- - the various sinking funds of the Can
tral Pacific, amounting to many millions
cf dollars, to the Southern Pacific Com
pany, and to substitute the, stock of the
Kentucky incorporation for that of the
Central, the holders of which stock are
to pay >_' per share for the privilege of
exchanging the stock.
Central Pacific stock, the face value of
"which approximates $10,000,000. is in the
hands of people residing mostly in Eng
land, who object to Mr. Huntington's re
adjustment an and are determined to
test the legality of the proposition. To
this end J. M. Bassett of Qakland, the
local agent and attorney in fact of th-»
contestants, yesterday, through his at
torneys. Galpin & Bolton and Francis
• Pope, filed a bill in equity, in which Mr.
Walter Morshead of London is named as
plaintiff, in the United States Circuit
Court to restrain the Central Paclilc
board of lii cci from taking such
measures as will assist in the consum
mation of the scheme for passing the
Central Pacific Into the maw of the
Southern Pacific of Kentucky and to stop
payment of interest on new bonds or
. mortgages if issued or made.
'It is also mentioned thai Mr. Hunting
ton and the Bpeyers are co-operated with
.by. the Banbury committee of London!
•which is a creature of the parties }u.-<t
. named and which claims to hold the
proxies for a larger number of shares
The plaintiff, waiter Morshead, seta out
that he Is an alien, a resident of London,
and brings his suit against the Central
Pacific Railroad Company on behalf of
himself as owner of 24 shares of stork,
and others who may hereafter join. That
he owned the stock for several years; that
in June. 1861, Collis P. Huntington, Loland
Stanford, Mark Hopkins and Charles
Crocker organized the Central Pacific
Railroad Company with a capital of $8,
--500.000. and then formed a ring within the
corporation to make for their joint and
«qual benefit all possible gains and profits
out of the business and assets of the cor
poration without regard to the other
stockholders; built the road and appro
priated all the stock and bonds to their
• own use; they elected the directors and
had the. control of all the boards of di
rectors down to the Bent time. Having
thi> control they made contracts with
m selves, being joint partners in the
firm of Charles Crocker & Co. This firm
took the contracts to build railroads. To
• .carry this scheme through -they also or
. -feanized the Contract and Finance Com
: pajiy. to which Crocker & Co. turned over
: all their profits on building the railroads,
.and after that the Western Development
• Company, to which the Contract and
Finance Company assigned all the profits,
. the various contracts with different roads
...and in turn the Western Development
'.•Company turned over all its business and
assets to the Pacific Improvement Com
pany. That Stanford, ('rocker. Hopkins
.• find Huntington owned equally In the
Charles Crocker & Co. firm. Contract and
Finance Company. Western Development
ADVERTISEMENTS.
COVERED WITH SCALES
Shed a Tablespoonful at Night.
Hair Full of White Scabs. Offer
SlOOforCure. Friend Suggests
CUTICURA REMEDIES. Tries
Them and is Cured.
Last summer I had company, — a man and hit
wife. The man's hands and face had dry, scaly
« res on them, and his head was covered with
thusatne, his hair being full of those ■white ecales
Or eeabs. His wlfo said, "Some mornings she
would find a tablespoonful or m^re of them in
the bed." I a«k.r! him "hat ailed him, and he
replied "that he did not know." " Why don't
you cure your-elf?" • I would give a hundred
dollars to be cured. I have paid out a lot of
money, trot don't get cured," he snid. Well, I
told him •• I would cure him for lees than that,"
and toid him to get the CcTircriA remedies and
he would be cured. As he was living in Bristol,
Vt., I did not sco him for some time after, and
then he fairly shouted to me: "I am cured.
Ooncmu hn'n done it. The Lord bless you and
OOTICOTU." Mrs. PA RAH E. MINKK.
Feb. 27, 1698. IJncoln, Addison Co., VU
.TETTER CUREDBY CUTICUIU
I had Tetter on my ii.-in<l« for two veurf. My
hands were all crarked to pieces, a"nd bled co
that I could not deeeotljr draat myself, and they
Itched terribly. I tried" everything, but nothing
•ecmed to do me any good. 1 tried the CfTlcußA.
remedies and they no longer bother me nt all.
8 ALLIE E. COPEI.A.NI), Woodland, N. 0.
Sept. 17, 1698.
CUTICURA
Begins with the Blood and Ends with
The Skm and^ Scalp.
That Is to cay, CUTIOUJU Kesoi.vevt, greatest
Of blood purifiers and humor expfllpre, purifies
tho blood and circalatluj.' fluids of Humor Gebxs,
•nd thus removes t:ie caute, while warm baths
with (UTICUBA Soap, and gentle anointings with
Cuticcba (ointment), greatest of emollient skin
cun'B, cli-anee the skin and scalp of crusts and
scales, allay lfhlnjr, burning, and lnfl»mmatlon,
•ootho and heal. Thusareepeedlly.piTmanently,
and economically cured the most torturlnp, <ISr-
flKtirinjr humors of tließkln.noalp. nnd blood, with
loss of hair, when nil other remedies full.
SoM throughout the world. Totter D. ahd C. Cnw.,
lole Propi.Tßoston. "How to Cure All Uumon," free.
CHOC UIIUfIDQ Falling Hsir, and Baby Blem-
rAut nUniUnO ÜbeiCmedbyCincuzASOAr.
I < ompany and Pacific improvement < <'m
p.'iny. Being directors of the Central I'a
• i; ; .i i Railroad Company and contro \
Its boards, thej made contracts with
themselves In such a way that while it
nly $36,000,000 to build the road from
imento Jnt • ■ rtah to join the Union
. Pacific, they received for doing it under
i this contract made with themselves $118,
--760,416 15.
\ gr< at part of this money. It Is alleged,
was paid In bonds of the Central Pacific
Railroad Company, a large part of which
: still belongs to the Pacific Improvement
' Company, that is, to themselves.
bonds are part of the bonds which Hunt
tngton and hi* associates are now seeking ■
to refund Into other bonds. They also
built th< Western Pacific, San Joaquin
valley railroad and the California and:
. n Railroad in the same way, re
ng oi Ihe Western Pacific i oad,
which I ' $4,974,000 In b mds and
$7,900,000 In stock of that road, which I
I afterward consolidated into the Cci
k stock of the i Jentral ;
'■■ Pacific to that amount in payment, to- j
i gether with the bonds. Thai thej
8 . Joaquin Valley Rail- i
road and made the same contracts with i
! themselves to build that road. The cost
was $4,500,000, and they collected for it
$8,080,000, the contract being mad.' with
In regard to the California
and Oregon Railroad, it was built under
similar contracts at a cost not cxc(
$7,275,785, for which they received The
f $19 10.47; 95 Similar details in
regard to other railroads show that the
aggregate cost of all of them did not ex- i
ceed 1fi0.000.000, and there was paid for
them $163,000,000. A great part of this j
moi ey is in bonds which they still hold in
their owti namM. or in the name of the i
Pa Iflc Improvement Company. The com
. plaint also gives details <>f the death of
Hopkins, Stanford and Crocker, and
traces the ownership of the bonds into tne
- who are all heirs and dis
tributees .if those who are dead.
Then come the allegations In the bill In :
relation to the conspiracy and th» doings
of It to accomplish the results, stating thai j
r the Identity of said combination
i -piracy originally formed has been
changed, nor has its continuity been in
terrupted. They extend the conspiracy
originally formed to defraud the Central
Pacific Railroad and its stockholders Lo
ther corporations and to the C( ti
• c Railroad, and have continuously
defrauded all the corporations and their
stockholders up to the present time. They j
controlled and elected all the directors of
corporations and co-operated with
them in defrauding the stockholders. 'i ..e
' bill alleges that Huntington has been a! all
times the a. -ting and leading member
thereof directing and personally conduct-
Ing its most important business transac
tions .md as his associates were suc
vely removed by death, his superior
;• tai cc with its past transactions
and the railroads built or dealt with by
it, his great talents, enlarged experience
and his seniority In years and his control
majority of the stock of the Southern
Pacific Company gained for him a more
commanding position and greater author- I
Itj in said company, so that since thn
death of Mark Hopkins he lihs practically
ruled it ami dire. 'ted its operations.
That Huntington and his associates ex
tended their conspiracy to pian and build
B rival competing railroad to reach from
• San Francisco to New < (rleans, which
they did. and so Boon as that railroad
was completed set on foot a scheme to j
sell out all their stock in the Central
Pacific Railroad, while they retained the
control and management in their own
hands. To that end. it is alleged, they
1 got up a form of certificate ot ownership
j of shares of stock in the Central Pacific
Railroad Company of coupons attached
for dividends, describing the dividends by
; numbers, and caused it to be print',! and
used, and the certificates, instead of being
I made out in their own names, were made ;
out in the names of dummies, divided up
into parcels. Then they took buck prox
ies from the holders to vote on the shares
I and put these st"ck certificates on the
! market, and. still holding the proxies from
their dummies, the original holders were
able for years to vote on this stock. That
the English stockholders, being afraid of
assignment, neglected to register their
I stock; that Huntington and his associates
1 formed a pool, sent stock over to England, I
where it was sold out. with the exception
of Stanford, who retained 33,000 of his
! bonds to his death.
While they were selling out the stock.
. and from that time on. they were building i
\ the Southern Pacific Railroad out of the
; income and assets of the Central Pacific. I
bo that in fact the Central Pacific built:
the Southern Pacific line, which was to
I compete with the Central Pacific They
! then procured a charter from the State of
i Kentucky for the Southern Pacific Com
pany, which has a nominal capital of !
! $150,000,000, but the liability of all the ;
stockholders jointly is $1,000,000. The cap
, ital stock 'if that corporation was paid
i up by the capital stock of other railroad ■
J companies at valuations they had 'ix.-d
among themselves. These other corpora
j tions whose stock constituted the property
j ami capital of the Southern Pacific are
those railroads reaching from Goshen to
New Orleans, which have never paid any
dividends, never can pay any dividends
and are now bonded fur very much more
| than their value, so that they are prac
i tlcally insolvent. These are the assets of!
: the Southern Pacific (.'ompany.
Complaint then alleges the formation of
the Ranbury committee in London, repre
senting the F.nglish stockholders who
united to Investigate the affairs of the |
Central Pacific and ascertain why it was
that from the time the Southern Pacific
I Railroad was finished for about ten years
I they received only 1 per cent dividends on
their stock. That the business of the
Banbury committee was to investigate the :
i fraudulent and dishonest conduct of
Huntington and his associates, but that
they were bribed in various ways to keep
quiet In regard to what they had learned
That over $1')0.0<)0 has been pnld out of
the treasury "f the Central Pacific to this
Banbury committee under various pre- ''
tenses. The complaint speaks of the visit
of Sir Charles Rivers Wilson to this coun
try states what he ascertained in regard
' to these frauds and bo reported to the Han
bury committee; that his feo was $50,000
and the Banbury committee allowed Mr.
Huntington to pay It.
The bill says that the corrupt and cor
rupting relations hetween Huntington and
the Banbury committee have been contin
ued to the pr» cent time: they are now and.
have been corresponding with him and
all his dealings with the corporation".
That the directors elected in April, >..•
were all under the control of Hunting
ton; that they voted over SIOO.QQQ to bo
paid to the Banbury committee.
The bill alleges that Speyer & Co. have
I been the financial agents, confidential j
friends and advisors of Huntington nnd his i
[.associates for many years and that they |
♦THE SA!Sr FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 28. 1899,
NOTED RABBI AND
ZIONIST ARRIVES
♦ Stephen S. Wise, the
Famous Hebrew
Teacher.
RABBI STEPHEN S. WISE, thSM
foremost exponent of ZioniFrn^B
in America, arrived in thls^B
city last night on the Central H
overland. He ■ will make a^|
thorough tour of the coast, studying H
conditions as they exist in the Pacific H
States, and subsequently publish his H
investigations in one of the leading H
journals of New York City. ■!
Rabbi Wise is the occupant of the JJ
pulpit of the Madison-avenue Syna- H
gogiie of New York, one of the big JJ
congregations of Judaism in the me- IJ
tropolis of America. As a Zionist and H
preacher his reputation is national. |JJJJJJ|||||||lH^l^^^^^H^^^B
He is but 27 years of age, and among his clerical brethren is rated as one of
the brightest wearers of the cloth in this country. For several years he
has been identified with American Zionism, holding the highest positions in
conventions, domestic and foreign, for. the furtherance of Zionist principles.
Rabbi Wise traces his lineage through generations of rabbis. As spirit
ual director of the Madison-avenue Synagogue of New York City he succeed
ed his father. Dr. Aaron Wise. At present he is secretary of the American
Federation of Zionists and is the American delegate to the Congress at Basle.
which will meet in August in Switzerland. Besides these clerical honors he
is actively associated with the Hebrew Free School Association of New
York in the capacity of director, is a prominent member of the Jewish Ke
ligious School Union of that city, and holds an exalted position on the ad
visory board of the Jewish Theological Seminary, which is the chief educa
tional center of rabbinical teaching in the metropolis.
Rabbi Wise Is the guest of his brother, Otto Irving Wise, the attorney,
who resides at 1362 Post street. The local rabbis have been laboring sedulously
to induce the New York visitor to give a series of lectures at their eyna
gogues. Rabbi Wise will visit Alaska before his return East.
incorporated and advised with Huntlng
ton In regard to the present scheme to
refund the securities of the Central ia
cific Railroad. It shows that on the —'l
of April. 1899, Speyer ft Co.. through one
of their members, attended the meeting
and cast a vote for 6i>x,Wo shares of stock,
■ ."I shares were voted by Bretnerton,
32000 shares of which, within sixty days,
had been purchased from Jane LtUhrop
Stanford to obviate her opposition to the
i. funding plan and other plans ot said
Huntington and hid associates, were lrv
cluded in the stock voted by Speyer «k
<- a i S o 380,000 shares represented by tne
Banbury committee. And Huntington
voted the 1000 shares on his old prox.es.
That by these votes were elected Isaac
L. Requa, J. C. Kirkpatrick. Charles F.
Hunt. George R. Burdick. George t .
Schwartz. Eugene C. McShane and ,
Charles H. Trolliet. That all these direc
tors were clerks, employes and apents of
Spever & Co. and th.'ir associates in tha
banking business, employed by their
correspondent, the London, Purls and
American Bank, in which they are all
bookkeepers, messengers, etc. That they
: were put in there for the purpose of car
rying- through this Huntlngton-Speyer re
adjustment plan, and they will do so un
less restrained by court.
The bill alleges further that the Cen
i tral Pacific Railroad Company owed in
bonds, giving a list of the mortgages by
which they are secured, $."5,5i2.71."> 4K. due
! the United" States, and $39,485,000 to be re
; funded or paid out. It sets out the. author
ity given to the commissioners appointed
1 by the Government to settle the claim
of the United States and that they Bet
tied the claim by accepting twenty notes
of th.> Central Pacific Railroad Company,
• which is payable every six months,
for $2,940.835 78 each, and that Speyer &
Co advanced the money for the first
four notes. It charges that the whol*
scheme was gotten up prior to the. Ist !
, of February, 1-:^. which was the day the ,
! Government made the settlement, al- i
gh the papers were all dated after-
I ward— one on the Sth day of February :
and the other of February 2S. 1899. Thc*e
papers state the agreement between the :
readjustment managers, as they are i
called, viz.: the foreign bankers, the Cen- j
tral Pacific Railroad Company and the |
I tanl >iry committee.
This plan sets out numerous bonuses
and premiums to be paid on refunding the :
onds" for i«ew ones to l>e issued un
i der a new mortgage to be oxeeu t «'«l for
' $100,000,000 and a second mortgage for
$25,000,000. A great portion of the B*»cond \
mortgage bonds is used up ir. premiums
I for the surrender of the old bonds, s 'in •
1 twenty million dollars of which do not
\ mature and arc not payable for eighteen
j ears to come.
The Central Pacific Railroad Company
• Is t" issue, according to this plan, ac
cumulative preferred stock to the amount
of $20,000,000, to have a 4 per cent dividend
- before any dividend can be declared on
> the common stock, but in the case of
foreclosure and sale the holders of the
accumulative preferred su>'-k, which
would be the Southern Pacific Company,
as they propose to buy it. to se
cure the sum equal to the aggregate
par value of the accumulative pre
i ferred stock, and the Southern Pacific
;to bus 'l |is accumulative preferred
I stock of the Central Pacific Railroad by
paying them In Southern Pacific Company
: bonds t i an equal amount; that all the
shares of the Central Pacirlc Railroad
Company represented by the certificates
of the Banbury committee, amounting to
377,000 shares, are to be paid for in stock
of the Southern Pacific Company share
for share.
The bill claims that this contract is il
legal; that there is no law in California
for the issuance of preferred stock, and
' there is ii" provision in the articles of
: Incorporation of the Central Pacific Rail-
I road Company allowing it, and that such
preferred stock would be Illegal if issued
without the consent of the complainant,
as it would violate the contract between
him and the Central Pacific Railroad
Company when he became a stockholder.
Alleges that the stock of the Southern
Pacific Company is worthless if the com
pany possesses no money, has no prop
erty except stock of the Southern Pacific
of California, of Arizona and New Mex
ico, on none of which have any of these
companies been able to pay any divi
dends and cannot now pay any. The
bonded Indebtedness of the Southern Pa-
I cific Company and of these corporations
,x, as the value of all the property of
the Southern Pacific Company. That the
only security for the payment of Its bonds,
aggregating $20,000,000, is only a collateral
mortgage on the shares of accumulative
preferred stock and on the common stock.
which, may be transferred to the Southern
Pacific Company by the Banbury com
mittee or the holders of Banbury certifi
cates. That this device of exchanging
shares of Southern Pacirlc Company's
Stock for Central Pacific Railroad Com
'■ pany'a stock is to enable the Southern Pa
cific Company to again get control of the
Central Pacific and stop all competition.
Sets out the premium to be given for
I the different classes of bonds ranging
from $29 in cash and $30 in new mortgage
bonds on every $100 of the older securities
to $•"" In cash and $75 in mortgage, bonds,
and in ore case $41 In cash and $W(i in new
| mortgage bonds were to be paid on every
$1000 of bonds of that particular class.
That the value of the amount of bonuses
and premiums paid according to this plan
oul of the second mortgage of $25,000,000
will be $23,486,200 In bonds and $2,500,506 36
in cash, out of the $20,000,000 to be paid to
the Central Pacirlc Railroad Company for
: Its preferred stock $12,000,000 shall be used
to pay the expenses of the readjustment,
and ; >'it of the second mortgage bonds
i $11,305,000 shall be used to provide cash
and money to execute the readjustment
The bill claims that this new indebted
ness of $125,000,000 is illegal and fraudu
lently made up to take up bonds issued in
fraud of the Central Pacific Railroad
Company. That the bonds on which the
bonuses and premiums are to be paid are
jointly held by Huntington and his asso
ciates and the Pacific Improvement Com
pany; that besides the JT25.000.000 of any
Indebtedness under this plan there is $17.
--'.>.> i 000 of bonds now secured on the prop
erty Of the Central Pacific Railroad Com
pany not provided to lx> paid, so that un
der the plan the debt will soon amount to
i $14? 0M 000 while the present debt before
the 'refunding is only $11»;.253.71=. 4S. After
applying the sinking funfis now in hand
to the debt which is now due the real
debt is only about $108,53>.763 13. The com
plainant objects to taking the sinking
fund now pledged to pay the present debt
and turning it over to the trustees of the
new second mortgage.
Alleges the scheme of increasing the
debt pimply provides a corruption funu
i which may be used to persuade the hold
ers of the' Banbury certificates (amount
ing to 377. 'X>0 shares) to transfer them to
' the Southern Pacific Company, to tne
! control of said Huntington and his asso
' dates, that is. to the Southern Pacific
Company, which thus becomes the suc
cessor oj the Central Pacific Railroad and
i destroys the value of that railroad to the
i public as a competing line.
Th 2 prayer of the complaint Is for an^
Injunction to restrain the exchange of
these <-ertincates for preferred stock and
to restrain the increase of the debt of the
Central J'uolnc, the newly planned $100.
--fn 10,000 first refunding mortgage and %**>,
--000,000 second refunding mortgage.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Dr. E. S. O'Brien of Merced Is staying
at the Grand.
George I. Gordan, a Nevada mining
man, Is at the I^ick.
William M. Tims of Sacramento Is a
guest at the Palßce.
Jesse D. Carr, the Salinas capitalist, is
a guest at the Occidental.
W. H. Peamans ami wife are registered
at the Occidental from Sacramento.
Among the late arrivals at the IMke. is
F. A. Hihn. the Santa Cruz capitalist.
W. B. "vVhltehead, D. S. N., was one of
yesterday's arrivals at the Occidental.
Dr. Donald McLean. U. S. A., is at the
Pp.lnce. Up If accompanied hy his wife.
James McCudden, a contractor of Val
lejo, was one of yesterday's arrivals at
the Grand.
C. A. Cogswell of Portland. Or., is a
guest at the I,irk. Mrs. Cogswell accom
panies her husband.
Major H. H. Adams and Captain M. J.
Lanahan, two army officers, are regis
tered at the Occidental.
"U*. N. Parker, the expert of the State
'. Board of Kxaminers. is registered at the
| Grand from I<os Angeles.
M. T.. HefFtlnger is staying at the Pal
ace. He is on his way to Manila, where
he proposes engaging in business.
Minnie Palmer, the actress, and her
husband. Francis Jerrard, were among
yesterday's arrivals at the Palace.
G. G. Burnett, with his wife and daugh
ter, returned to this city on Monday last,
after a sojourn in the principal Atlantic
cities.
The Marquise d'Oycy. one of the Pari
sian grande monde, is on the coast in
search of health and recreation. Her son
is traveling with her.
Dr. C. W. Kellogg, a prominent physi
cian of Lakeport. is at the Grand, where
he will remain during the short stay he
purposes making In the city.
E. O. McCnr
miek of the
Southern Pacific
Company tells the
following good
story of D. W.
Caldwell, who,
during his life,
HIS STANDING
WAS
RECOGNIZED.
was a man of af-
fairs and o"cn
pied the position of president of the Lake
Shore Railway. Mr. Caldwell was a gen
tleman of great amiability of disposition.
but. like most big men, he had a few pet
hobbies of his own, one of which was a
greal aversion to being disturbed or in
terrupted when he wns writing. One
afternoon, as he was sitting at his desk
engaged In the construction of a more
than ordinarily important missive, the
door of his office opened and a young gen
tleman, wearing one of the latest and
most expensive stilts and an air of great
consequence, floated In and introduced
himself ns Mr. Eels, the sou of Dan P.
Eels, one of Milwaukee's most important
business men.
"(Had to see you." said Caldwell.
"Kindly take a chair for a moment; I am
very busy with this letter of mine."
Young Eela took a chair, which was of
the hard scat variety, for which, by the
way. Caldwell'e office was noted.
Caldwell regutned his writing and 7-">ls
pal and gazed into space while the pemnds
merged themselves into minutes that, in
turn, lengthened out into quarter and
half hours. Finally Kcls could stund it
no longer and, taking out his watch, he
glanced at the time. Then, rising, he
stood in front of CaJdwell'a desk and said:
"Sir, I have but little time to spare, and
T wish to bo attended to. I am the son of
Dan P. Eels."
"You are who?" inquired Caldwell with
out raising his eyes from the paper.
"I am the son of Dan P. Eels," repeated
the young man.
"Oh," said Caldwell. "that makes a dif
ference. I did not understand you when
you first came in. Be seated again, 1 beg
of you. Put take two chairs this time."
When Julius Caesar reached the hanks
of the Ruhicon he paused. Even his
mighty soul hesitated at the contempla
tion of that which was before him.
Among his officers was a tribune by the
name of Patriclus Hnsea Farrellus, who,
witnessing the despondency Into which
his chief was thrown, sought to cheer him
up a bit by telling him the above story.
Caesar heard him to the end, and then,
with an awful expression of pain and ap
prehension upon his usually stern and
martial countenance, he cast one look
upon the Jester and with all his harness
on his back plunged headlong into the
tide, never stopping until he stood upon
the further shore. Those of his soldiers
who were near enough to hear the tale
with one aerord followed him. History
has already chronicled the result.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Juno 27.— R. D. McNeOl of
San Frnncisco is at the Fifth Avenue; M.
S. Elmore of San Francisco is at the
Hoffman; Hnn. William Sta.nton and
Miss Stanton of Pasadena are at the
Netherland; Mrs. George W. Bowers, Miss
Alice Hager. J. Downey Harvey, Mrs.
Harvey. Miss Anita Harvey, Miss Gene
vieve Harvey and maid. Miss Olive
Haven. Miss A. D. Smith, Chester Smith,
all of San Francisco, were passengers on
the American line steamer St. Paul, which
left for Southampton to-day.
Come feelings of Joy to my heart, .
Come peace and content unalloy'd,
I've leached the highest in art, • .
- -PS my b&th'l've.iiiaed J'^gucipld."'.
RUSH ORDERS
FOR TROOPS
AT PRESIDIO
The Transports Are
Needed at Manila.
VALENCIA WILL SAIL TODAY
WILL CARRY DETACHMENTS OF
CAVALRY AND INFANTRY.
The Second Oregon Regiment Will
Encamp at the Presidio Before
Going to Portland to Be
Mustered Out.
Rush orders were received at the Pre
sidio at 5 o'clock yesterday morning for
the immediate departure Of Troops B and
M of the Fourth Cavalry with the head
quarters, and two companies of the Twen
ty-fifth Infantry. The orders were en
tirely unexpected, as the two troops were
not slated to sail before July 12. It was
thought that they were to await the ar
rival of Troops D and II from the Yellow
stone Park, and the four troops were to
go on the City of Para. According to the
change of programme, Troops B and M,
with the two companies of the Twenty
fifth, will go aboard the McDowell at the
Presidio wharf at an early hour this
morning and will be taken to the Valen
cia, which is to sail this afternoon. The
BUdden change in the orders as heretofore
issued was the result of orders received
at department headquarters for the im
mediate dispatching of the transports
Valencia and Pennsylvania. This means
that the transports are needed at Manila
for the purpose of bringing back the vol
unteers. The headquarters and one com
pany of the Twenty-fourth Infantry with
two companies of "the Twenty-nftn In
fantry and GOO recruits are to go aboard
the Pennsylvania on Friday. Major
Morton, Fourth Cavalry, will be in com
mand of the troops on the Valencia, and
Colonel Freeman of those sailing on the
Pennsylvania.
Colonel Greenleaf, surgeon in charge of
the erection of the camps which are being
built at the Presidio for the returning
volunteers, will leave in a few days for
Portland, Or., where he goes to super
intend the erection of a camp which will
be used by the Second Oregon Regiment
pending Its being mustered out.
Colonel Greenleaf stated yesterday,
however, that the Oregon regiment would
first come to San Francisco and would
go Into camp here for a short while
before going to Portland. The present
muster out camps that are being built at
the Presidio are the largest that have
ever been erected by the Government.
Those on th<- old cavalry parade rover tho
area between the Lombard-street en
trance and the new general hospital and
will accommodate several thousand men.
All of the teats will be provided with
plank floors and stoves and the men will
have houses in which to cook and eat.
Two camps of a similar nature will be
immediately created upon the slope to tho
left of the Union-street car line where it
enters the Presidio.
The orders of Captain Stephen M.
Foote, Sixth Artillery, have been changed.
He has been ordered to report to the com
manding officer at the Presidio for duty
with the recruits pending transportation
to the Philippines. On Monday he was
under orders to join his battery at Hono
lulu.
Cpfin the recommedation of the, chief
surgeon of the department acting Assist
ant Burgeon James B. Cutter has been re
lieved from duty with the recruits at the
Presidio and ordered to report to the
commanding officer at Alcatraz Island for
duty at that post, relieving Assistant Bur
geon W. F. Dudley. Acting Assistant
Burgeon William Grey Miller has been or
dered to report for duty at the gener-il
hospital at the Presidio. Acting Assist
ant Surgeon James E. Shellenbergor has
also been ordered to r^p^t to the same
place for duty. Acting Assistant Surgeon
John H. Hereford has been similarly as
signed. __
Trunk moved, 25c; furniture, pianos, freight.
Signal Transfer Co.. 530 Jones; tel. Sutter 441.
JONES COMPROMISED.
Paid Two Thousand Dollars Into
Court to Settle With the Gov
ernment.
David W. Jones, a wealthy lumberman
of Siskiyou County, paid into the United
States TMstriet Court yesterday $2000 as
a compromise in the cases pending against
him in that court, the authorities at
Washington having consented to accept
that sum.
Jones was tried before a jury in the
District Court several weeks ago in a suit
brought by the Government to recover
$21 OfK) the alleged value of timber cut by
him on (government land. A verdict was
returned in his favor, but the I'nited
States Attorney gave notice that he would
take an appeal.
A criminal charge against Jones for cut
ting timber on Government land is pend
ing, but thi.s will be dismissed under the
terms of the compromise.
Libeling a Steamer.
Tsaac Odell. Henry Mill&don and Martin
E. Gaus filed a libel in the I'nited States
District Court yesterday against the
st<Tti-wheel steamer San Jose to recover
$312, wages alleged to be due them.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mrs. Col. Richardson
• SAVED BY MRS. PINKHAM. '
[LETTES TO MRS. FINEHAM NO. 72,806]
"You have saved my life, snatched
me from the brink of the grave almost,
and I wish to thank you. About eigh-
teen 1 months ago I was a total wreck,
physically. I had been troubled with
leucorrhoea for some time, but had given
hardly any attention to the trouble.
"At last inflammation of the womb
and ovaries resulted and then I suf-
fered agonies, had to give up my pro-
fession (musician and piano player),
was confined to my bed and life became
a terrible cross. My husband sum-
moned the best physicians, but their
benefit was but temporary at best. I
believe I should have contracted the
morphine habit under their care, if my
common sense had not intervened.
"One day my husband noticed the ad-
vertisement of your remedies and im-
mediately bought me a full trial. Soon
the pain in my ovaries was gone. lam
now well, strong and robust, walk,
ride a wheel, and feel like a girl in her
teens. I would not be without Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound; it
is like water of life to me. I am very
gratefully and sincerely your well-
wisher, and I heartily recommend your
remedies. I hope some poor creature
may be helped to health by reading my
story." — Mrs. Col. E. P. Richabdson,
Rhlnelander, Wis.
o^J^y^ ELECTRIC BEITS.
jJE&^v'WwmsL. lees I from manu-
4jf^7\A v f'M-TIH i^mk f2 °- Largest manu-
Kj|^ y '/iSSI Cacturers In the Unl-
W!HM«»S^^fjßßf*yfW ted States. No Quacks
I MiEfflHp|BflMME|]T connected with this
I 1 rX**lr}iQfr establishment.
STc^. '< X C3 r For particular*
•TtJp 1 call or ■ send ■ 2c ■ in
•jV*» i stamps for "Booklet
.•._•,. No. 2." Address
FIERCE ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market St.
.Opposite Palace Hotel, S. F. 4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
% % % % m •-•-• • • • ♦•••••
We Place on Sale To-day :
25 dozen LADIES' CALICO WRAPPERS, handsomely
trimmed, epaulettes on shoulders, regular price $1.25—
on sale at 75 cents each.
250 LADIES' FANCY UNDERSKIRTS, regular price $1.00
— on sale at 5() cents each.
140 LADIES' FANCY UNDERSKIRTS, regular price $1.50
— on sale at 75 cents each.
85 LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS, well made and lined;
colors navy, gray and green, also black; regular price
$7.50 — on sale at #4.!>0 each.
100 pieces FANCY STRIPED AND OMBRE RTRP.ON, all
silk, 3V2 inches wide, special price -O cents per yard.
1000 yards EMBROIDERY INSERTIONS AT 8 1-tt cents
per yard.
\j[j Murphy Building:, 0
Market and Jones Streets.
FIREWORKS
FOR
HOME DISPLAY
UnXld Case No. 2-SI.OO.
I Dewey salute, 1 Surprise Box. 1 Cracker
Jack, 1 Columbia Bomb, 5 Packages Crackers,
1 Volcano, 1 Package Torpedoes, 1 Triangle
Wheel. 1 Vesuvius, 2 Ruby Lights. 6 2- Ball
1 Candles, 3 3-Ball Candles, 3 4-Ball Candles, 1
i No. 1 Star Mine, 1 No. 2 Star Mine. 1 Whistle
: Bomb. 2 Yellow Jackets, 6 Large Pin Wheels,
! 1 Catherine Wheel, 6 Blue Lights, 6 3-Inch Ser-
i pentF, 1 Flower Pot, 1 Box Red Fire, 1 Cap
Pistol, 12 Boxes Caps, 30 Red Heads, 7 Pieces
Punk.
UnXld Case No. 3— 52.00.
6 3-Ball Candles. 6 4-Ball Candles, 3 6-Ball
Candles, 3 8-Ball Candles, 6 Large Pin Wheel*,
; 2 Whistle Bombs, 2 Catherine Wheels, 2 4-Inch
I Flower Pots, 2 Red Torches, 1 Whistling Devil,
6 Blue Lights, 2 Volcanoes, 1 Mount Vesuvius,
1 No. 1 Star Mine, 1 No. 2 Star Mine. 1 No. 3
I Btar Mine. 1 Triangle Wheel. 5 Packages
; Crackers. 2 Packages Extra Crackers. 1 Pack-
' age Pistol Crackers, 1 Package Colored Fire.
j 1 Surprise Box. 40 Red Heads, 1 Reporting Red
Light, 1 8-Inch Wheel. 20 Pieces Punk.
UnXld Case No. 4-53.00.
« 4-Ball Candles, « 6-Ball Candles, 3 8-Ball
: Candles, 3 10-Ball Candles, 1 Large Cracker
Jack, 1 Mount Vesuvius, 1 No. 2 Star Mine, 1
No. 3 Star Mine. 1 No. 4 Star Mine, 6 Extra
Large Pin Wheels, 2 Catherine Wheels. 3
Whistling Bombs. 1 Whistling Devil 2 Large
Volcanoes, 1 8-Inch Vertical Wheel, 50 Red
Heads, 2 Packages Pistol Crackers, 6 Blue
Lights, 1 Japanese Acrobat, 1 Dewey Battery,
8 Ruby Lights, 1 Surprise Box. 1 Triangle
Wheel. 3 4-Inch Flower Pots. 1 6-Inch Flower
Pot, 1 Electric Flower. 2 Whistling Torches. 5
Packages Extra No. 1. 5 Packages Shoo Fly
Crackers. 1 Box Torpedoes. 1 Can Red Fire,
25 Pieces Punk.
UnXld Case No, 5-55.00.
Exhibition Assortment.
12 Colored Candles. Large. 6-Star: 6 Exhibi-
tion Candles, 8-Star: 3 Exhibition Candles, M-
Star: 3 Colored Star Rockets, 4 oz. : 4 Colored
Star Rockets, 8 oz. : 1 Colored China Flyer,
Large; 1 Colored Vertical Wheel, 8-Inch: 1
" Bengal Light, M-\b.; 1 Colored Triangle Wheel.
VJ-lb.; 1 Colored Triangle Wheel, H-lb. ; 1 Mine
of Colored Stars, No. 4; 1 Mine of Colored
Stars. No. 5: 3 Colored Flower Pots, S-Inch;
1 Colored Rosette. Extra: 2 Colored Geysers.
Fmall; 2 U-lb. Cans Red Fire; 1 i^-lb. Can
Green Fire: 1 >4-lb. Can White Fire; 1 >4-lb.
Can Blue Fire: 1 Electric Flower; 1 Jeweled
Jet: 1 Mount Vesuvius; 1 Japanese Acrobat:
1 Bundle Punk.
GOLD CHOP CRACKERS 2 pkgs. for 5c
SHOO FLY 3 pkgs. for TV
EXTRA LOUD Be per pkg.
I EXTRA, NO. 1 Be
PISTOL CRACKERS 10c
i RED HEADS 35c, 45c and 6. r .c per 100
A Box of Fireworks Given Free With Boys' Suits-
THE UNXLD stores
BRIGDEN, TURNEY * BATEIN. Proprietors,
616 to 620 Kearny St.. Cor. Commercial.
SKIN, SCALP, m±
COMPLEXION. hs^m
Itching, burning, Irritated skin, ia& A/
scaly, crusted scalps, falling hair TOR/ Jr
and dandruff and blemished com- \JSS»^
plexions instantly relieved and restored to a
healthy, natural condition by the daily use of
WOODBURY'S Facial Soap and Facial Cream.
They are strictly antiseptics, healing and purl-
-1 lying. Bold everywhere.
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZARS
EVENINGS AT 8:15.
SATURDAY MATINEE AT 2:15.
LEWIS MORRISON,
Presenting Geo. Foster Plan's Historical
Comedy.
FREDERICK
The GREAT.
Next week— DOUBLE BILL.
MATINEE TUESDAY JULY 4.
DON CAESAR DE BAZAN,
'And the new curtain raiser,
ONLY THE MASTER SHALL BLAME.
ALHAMBRA THEATER.
MARIO LAMJJARDI, Manager.
LAMBARDI GRAND ITALIAN
OPERA COMPANY!
FIVE PERFORMANCES,
BEGINNING JUNE 28th.
Thursday "MIGNON"
Friday .* 'BARBER OF SEVILLE"
Saturday Matinee "IL TROVATORE"
Saturday Night "IONE"
Sunday "MIGNON"
PRICES— SI 50, \\ 00, 50c and 25c.
Reserved seats on sale at Sherman, Clay &
Co.'s and at the Alhambra Theater.
...QLYMPIA,..
Eddy St.. Cor. Mason.
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall.
GREATEST FREE BILL ON THE COAST.
THE KEISINGS,
Society Duettists.
The Big Hit of the Year,
QUERITA VINCENT,
New Songs, Costumes and Dances.
BILLY DODSON,
> The Divine Boprano.
AND AN ALL-STAR BILL.
 ADMISSION FREE. MATINEE SUNDAY.
AMUSEMENTS. • •■'^••-
COLUMBIA^™
"Another success:."— Examiner. " ." -■ '
"Handsomely produced."— .' °
"Makes a decided hit."— Chronicle.- • ' . '= .
"Audience charmed." — Bulletin.
"The acting was perfect."— Post. *■'. .• „
Charles Frohman presents MR. V
HENRY MILLER
i I Bam II 9 1 I QW 1 1 in Om la I B
—AND—
A SPECIAL COMPANY
In Anthony Hope's Romantic Comedy, ' ;
"THE ADVENTURE OF
THE LADY URSULA."
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
3. F. FRIEDLANDER Manager
FAREWELIT TO-NIGHT !
j The Last Opportunity to Hear the Great ' \
LAMBARDI OPERA COMPANY.
TO-NIGHT . ■
BY POPULAR DEMAND
"/VVANON LESCMUT."
, With All the Wonderful Principals in the Cast! ...
', Reserved Seats— Sßc. sOc, 7."»e. *1, $1.50. ..
AND REMEMBER
THURSDAY AFTERNOON AT 2:15
THOSE REAL LIVE BROWNIES !
200 _--OF THEM 100 . ■•
\FW Features. Special tisn. Dances.
nLI " Son&s. Ballet*, Marches. Everything.
' Seats 25c. 50c, 73c. Now- on Sale for
"THE BROWNIES IN FAIRYLAND." .
i JULY 2 "A MIDNIGHT BELL."
MATINEE TO-DAY (Wednesday), JUNE -23.
I Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, lQv:; Chil-
dren. 10c, any part.
THE PASQUALIS,
Late of the Scalchi Concert Company.
Assisted by
SIG. ABRA/rtOFF,
in the Prison Scene From "Faust."
4- O'LEARYS — <*•
European Eccentric Comedians.
B I.LY- f=«RRELL— ILLIE
World's Champion Cake Walkers.
MELVILLE AND STETSON, FRANCESCA
REDDING, TACIANU, FRED NIBLO AND
WILL M. CKESSY AND BLANCH DAYNE.
! TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
TO-NIGHT! LAST TIME OF
Orpheus and Eurydice,
THURSDAY. JUNE 29TH.
POSITIVELY TWO WEEKS ONLY!
THE SOCIETY EVENT
DENIS O'SULLIVAN
In the Romantic Opera.
"SHAMUSO'BRIEN"
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 O'CLOCK. •
PRICES I*sc and 50c •
Telephone 9.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
Telephone Main 532.
THIS EVENING,
Sir Julius Benedict's Beautiful Opera,
THIS
LILY of PIE!.
OUR NEW PRICES— EVENING:
• Orchestra, Reserved, sOc and 35c; Dregl
I Circle, Reserved, 2Bc: Family Circle, Re-
; served, 15o: Gallery, 10c.
MATINEE SATURDAY — Best Reserved
Seat In the House, 25e: Family Circle, Re-
served, 15c; Gallery, 10c.
CONCERTS AND *ESOBT&
CHUTES _AND ZOO.
GREAT BILL IN THE THEATER.
THE FLYING BANVARDS. ADA J. COS-
GROVE and a Host of Novelties!
TO-MORROW (THURSDAY) NIQHT,
AMATEUR MAYPOLE DANCE
PHONE FOR SEATS. STEINER 1851.
RdttlF* """■ ll "'i^
UdlUv GREAT REALISTIC
_ WAR PANORAMA!
flf Prof. W. G. ROLLINS.
the eminent orator.
mm m « lectures half hourly.
XT lOll HO Market rt.. nr. Eighth.
Admleslon, GOo.
Bay! chiidren - **■
6UTRO BATHS.
' OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSION, 10c; CHILDREN. sc.
Bathing, Including admission, 25c; Children 20c
I '
yvvMwwvvwvvwwwvvwwvy
ii|^lM!H|
fO-b'aSß* INJECTION. <
i; A PERMANENT CURE 1 '
j i of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea i '
i 1 and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6 i!
1 [ days ; no other treatment required. C
• i , ; Sold by all druggists. . 5
78
BIG SCANDAL IN
THE FOURTH OF
JULY COMMITTEE
Alleged Attempt to
Extort Money.
J. M. CHRETIEN'S BAD BREAK
PUTS T. P. ROBINSON IN A PECU-
LIAR POSITION.
A. S. Baldwin Says Chretien Asked
Him for Fifty Dollars, on Be
haJf of the Colonel, for
Services Rendered.
Ugly rumors are being circulated con
cerning alleged attempts on the part of
certain members of the Fourth of July
committee to extort money In connection
with the big celebration, and a letter
written by A. B. Baldwin of the Glen.
Pa fie Company to Colonel T. P. Robin
son,' chairman of the fireworks commit
tee,-, yesterday afternoon. In which he di
rectly, accuses that gentle-man of solicit- j
mx : a bribe through the agency of John |
M. Chretien, has created a sensation and
. the matter will be thoroughly invtsli
gated at a. meeting of the executive com
mittee to-nlcht.
|: Mr.. Baldwin was "approached" by Mr.
■ Chretien yesterday with a request that
•'.ihcbJßend' Mr. Robinson his check for *. r . I.
Baldwin refused point blank to do as re
quested and started out with Mr. Chre
:. tien' to .'. find Robinson, Intending to de
man&.-an explanation. They visited the
.: hta.l^raners of the Fourth of Jury com- i
;. mlttee-.-in the Grand Hotel and several
.other, places, but the Colonel could not
■ bje foil rid. Mr. Baldwin then returned to
...his office and indited the letter which has
create.} consternation in the headquar
ters The letter Is as follows: ;
; :. : BAN FRANCISCO, June ".'. 1599.
.'.:; >!r T. P. Robinson, Chairman Commit- I
vt efi ".tin Fireworks, Fourth of July Celebra
tion, Grand Hotel, City— Denr Sir: This
■ afternoon I was called upon by Mr John M
.'■ Chretien and was told In- him that >..u re
■' ijujred anJ demanded of the Glen Park
Company the sum of $50 personally. In con
sideration of the services rendered by you
In urinK a dfsnlay of fireworks ori the
night, of the Fourth of July at Glen Park.
I confess that 1 was somewhat surprised
at this ai ■; arently unwarranted and un- j
usual demand, but Mr. Chretien assured
. me that he was fully authorized by you to
request it of me. I called with Mr Chre
tien at the headquarters of the committee,
In. the Grand Hotel, and also made other
efforts to find you.
My object In writing you is to ii.form
you that I do not Intend to comply with
. this request, and after considering the mat
' ter,' I have concluded to withdraw the per
}. '•• mlision which was Kranted to have any dis
•. •■":• .play of lircworks at Glen Park. My reason
' •; ' for dolner this Is that it seems apparent
• from Mr. Chretien's statement that you and
. other members of the Fourth of July Com
. ■ Mit: will have to be properly compensated
. foe ■.services which I have heretofore consid
ered we're for the benefit of the public arid
. not* for personal profit. Yours truly,
■'.'.•■ . A. S. BALDWIN".
Th' letter was delivered to Colonel
Robinson about >> o'clock last evening, and
he immediately started out to find Mr.
Chretien. He located the latter at his i
house and they then proceeded to Mr.
Bald ■■•■ residence, accompanied by G. i
R Fletcher, chairman of the executive
committee. Colonel Robinson declined to
discuss the affair until he had talked with i
Mr, Baldwin, but Mr. Chretien was less
cautious. He was seen at his residence
before he had been informed of Mr. Bald- ;
win's action in sending the letter and ad
mitted that he had talked with the latter
concerning compensation for Robinson,
although he was careful to deny that any
thing wrong had been Intended.
;;'Thls matter is a great surprise to me," !
he.sdld.- "I hardly know what to make of ■
It, but I certainly do not know anything
.about .any attempt to extort money. I '
saw Mr. Baldwin to-day and we got to
talking about fireworks and the prepara
tions that were being made to celebrate :
the Fourth. I remarked that Robinson
. as chairman of the fireworks committee
.-.had .worked hard to have a display of '•
: . !".)■• work at Glen Park, and he expected
something for his trouble. I did not ask
.'•.for $00 or any other sum. It seems
strange, that Baldwin should write such a
letter when, before the committee decided
that Glen Park should be given a part of
the appropriation, he was ready to do
anything and everything to get the fire
works there. I believe he would have ;
been .glad to have given Mr. Robinson $10)
for his' influence before the distribution!
was made, but now that he has obtained
what he was after I suppose he feels in- '
dependent." ■
Colonel Robinson gave out a statement
after, an Interview with Mr. Baldwin, in
which he branded Chretien as a meddler
and declared he had given the latter no
authority to solicit money on his account
or even to collect subscriptions for the
Fourth, of July fund.
'. : 'I took Chretien with m. to Bee Mr
.Baldwin;" said Robinson, "as I was de
•>jrbU.s of getting at the bottom of the
' matter as quickly as possible He ad
; mitted that he had asked Mr. Baldwin
■ for -.money., but denied that he had acted
..{is? my.-, representative in doing so. He
>?1d : had asked Baldwin to subscribe
. $;.'! ami requested him to Bend a check for
' that .amount to me, 'personally.' He ad- i
. knitted that he bad used the word 'per
sonally,' but could not explain why he
had done so.
• "As a. matter of fact I have had noth
ing to do with the collection of subscrip
tions: and have told everybody from whom
we expected to receive help." Mr. Baldwin
included, not to pay any money to any
body but a member of the finance com
mittee. When the question of selecting !
locations for the fireworks displays came
up it. was proposed that the lot opposite
the Chutes, North Beach and the lot at
the corner of Sixteenth and Folsom be
selected.
"The Mission Improvement clubs refused
to subscribe (or the fund if too Folsrm
street site was selected, as they w.-rf all
In favor of having the display at «jlen
Park. They promised to raise about ?400
and half Of that amount has been sub
scribed. Mr. Baldwin giving $25. Glen Park
was finally selected and we understood
on the authority of Mr. Chretien, who Is
a member of the fireworks committee and
vice president of the executive committee
that Mr. Baldwin would give $50 After
the meeting last Thursday Chretien said
"When shall I go to Baldwin for tha
s3o?" I have no recollection that he was
told to go at any time, and If he did I
• so he went on his own authority.
"I told Mr. Baldwin that I should bring
this matter up at the meeting of the ex
• ecutive committee to-morrow night and
asked him to be present, to which he
agreed. 1 intend to demand a thorough
. investigation of the whole affair."
Colonel Robinson's account of what
transpired at Mr. Baldwin's house puts
Mr. Chretien in a peculiar position. He
made a different statement, according to
the. colonel, at that conference from that
given out by himself earlier in the even
ing. He certainly visited Mr. Baldwin
with a request for money, or at le-ast with
an intimation that Robinson expected
"something," and he Is likely to .have
: some difficulty In explaining what he
meant and who authorized him to act.
The meeting of the executive committee
to-night promises to be Interesting.
- ::■-.■- . • ■
MET POKER SHARPS.
Frank Weiss Lost His Money and
Gained Experience.
Three bad young men were lodged in
the tanks of the Central Police Station
last night for the undoing of Frank Weiss,
a marine engineer. Weiss was un-
Fchooled in the wicked ways of the
"bunko" men on Monday last. To-day he
Is a man of wisdom, the lesson being" ad
ministered at the cost of $25.
Weiss was gazing into the shop windows
tin Market street near Kearny Tuesday
morning, when he was accosted by
"Hatjry" Toner, alias Trainer; Charles
Crawford, John Edmond and "Harry"
Walters, all of whom wanted to assist
him . to an immediate future. For their
kindness to strangers the first three are
In jail, while Walters is still at large with
the police hot on his trncks.
Weiss took the bait offered and thanked
his supposed benefactors for all they
promised . him. which was a $100-a-week
job as the mining engineer of some myth
ical gold mine. They took Weiss to 10S
Grant avenue to talk over the matter. At
t^ia place began a poker game, in which
WELL-KNOWN SAILOR
WINS ADVANCEMENT
Captain William M. Smith, Who Has Bee > Promo ed to a High
Position in the White star5 tar Lire.
INFORMATION' has .lust reached this city thai Captain William M. Smith
has been appointed marine superintendent of the White Star line In New
York. Th.- host of friends he bus made In this city will therefore be
highly pleased to learn of his advancement.
Captain Smith, was for many years In command of the steamers
Arabic and m-eanic. plying between San Francisco and Hongkong. During his
services on this coast he w i th. regard and confidence of all who came in
contact with him. When mmander in the local
steamship company I ■ *« Important post with the White Star
company there was sincei • ' For the past tour years he has com
manded the W! - A.fric on the Atlantic Ocean.
chips were worth %'. Soon aft or the
firs? shuffle Weiss was minus 125-a". h *
had. The game then broke up. the 'our
"bunkoers" promising to m«-o i v w ,» .v
the Palace that evening. jWelMijras tnere.
Meeting a friend, be told him nis storj
with the foregoing result.
A Noted Anarchist Lectures.
Emma Goldman, the W
chist lecturer. deliv< r
course at the Temp'- lasi •
audience on "The I <
She discussed her sul ■
and her views gain.
On Thursday ev< i ng next s ■ will speaK
on "Liberty versus Aui
M'FARLAND'S FATE
AND KIRSCHBAUM'S. ONE
QTJARBZL STARTED THROUGH
A DISCOURTESY.
A Priest Who Visited the Jail Was
Insulted by the Guard— The
Victim Somewhat Improved.
Frank McFarland. the Assistant Super
intendent of Branch County Jail No. 3,
who beat Guard Louis Kirschbaum Into
Insensibility on Sunday night, is now
. lin the City Prison, where he broods
continuously over his act. He will give
no explanation of the assault, neither by
way of extenuation nor excuse. All ques
tions that are asked him receive but the
one reply that his attorney, A. Ruef, has
advised him not to discuss the matter and
he will follow the injunction placed upon
his speech.
At midnight Louis Kirschbaum. still
unconscious on his pallet at the German
Hospital, was resting easily. The physi
cians in attendance said that he was
somewhat Improved, and there was some
ince for his recovery. Kirschbaum has
i • yet been charged on the books, as
the crime will be determined by th" re-
B of the beating which he was sub
]( 'ted to.
Many reports have been circulated as to
the motive of McFarland in his attack
upon the guard. It is rumor' d thai the
111 feeling which existed between the two
had been fanned by an incident which
happened on Sunday.
A priest. Rev. Father Cardelll. con
nected with St. Ignatius Church, called at
the Jail to tender his services to any who
desired them and according to the custom
of the institution was invited to break
fast with the officials. Kirschbaum. on
seeing the reverend gentleman seato.i at
the table, is reported to have immediately
withdrawn, protesting in strong terms
that he would not sit down with any one
of the clergyman's profession.
Capta n Otto L'-mcke on hearing of the
gross discourtesy rebuked Kirschbaum
Beverely, recalling that he had given or
ders that all visitors admitted to th>- jail.
no matter what their profession or de
nomination, should be treated with un
varying :-. .- pect.
The incident excited the keenest sensa
tion and though McFarland is not ac
counted a deeply religious man, it is said
that the gratuitous Insult to a worthy
man deepened his contempt for Kirsch
baum and Indirectly accelerated the
fracas whir-h may result so fatally.
captain I^emcke confirmed this account
of the incident last night and said he had
no doubt but what the facts would be
used to mitigate and explain the action
of McFarland. H<' deeply regretted the
affair which, he repeated, was in direct
contravention of his orders in regard to
courtesy to all visitors to the jail.
In Aid of the Fancy Fair.
The ladies of St. Anthony Booth will
give an entertainment and social in St.
Brendan's Hall this evening, the affair
being for the coming fancy fair. The
preparations for the entertainment are
being supervised by Luke O'Brien, Mrs.
E. Rodgers, Mrs. O'Brien and others. It
promises to be a great success.
Souvenir Mailing f'anls, Rhowing views
around the city, 23c a dozen. For sal<» by all
stationery and th.> publisher, K. 11. Mitchell,
22J Post strppt. Pun Francisco •
French Cabinet Meetings
in ono important respect the functions
of a Kronen President differ from those
of a constitutional monarch, for he pre-
Bides over the meetings of- the Cabinet.
These are always held at the Klysee. in
the Hall of Sovereigns, the usual -hour
being '9:3o or 10 or even earlier. The
I'resident sits at the head of the table,
having the Minister of Justice on his
right and the Minister of Foreign Affairs
on his left. In front of him is placed the
Premier, flanktd by the War and
Finance Ministers. The others have no
particular chairs assigned th< m. The
part taken in lue discussions by the Presi
dent varies with the man. M. Thi'-rs
used to argue every noint and rarely
pave way. sipping a cup of coffee during
the debate. Marshal MacM&hon. who
came escorted by two alda-de-camp, grave
hi? opinions very forcibly and would now
and then hammer the table. M. Grevy
listened placiaiy in an armchair, content
ing himself with summing up the argu
ments at their close. M. Carnoi Beldom
intervened, except by a polite suggestion
M. Felix Faure worked with his Ministers
as though they were colleagues, but sel
dom emitted a personal opinion.— From
the London Chronicle.
Alleged.
City Editor— Mr. Strong has been in to
day, and he had murder in his eye. How
i in time did you come to speak "of Mrs.
; Strong's "alleged husband" in that para
, graph about her accident?
J. Fresh— l did it to steer clear of a
libel suit. You know you told me always
to say "alleged thief," "allege^ murder
I er." and that sort of thiny.— Boston
I Transcript.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 28, 1899.
WHAT'S THE MATTER
WITH MOROSCO'S ?
AsktM Steven > Asks Some Pertinent
Questions as to the Absence
of the Crowd.
NOW that Southwell has gone
and Morosco once again
reigns supreme in Mission
street, it is no more than fit
that tht- bill should be "The
Lily of Killarney," the good old Irish
melodrama that without the music is
known as "The Colleen Bawn." In
three acts only it is, to be sure, but
the scenes are many— eight, in fact—
and the rich essence of southside melo
drama drops from every line. It took
me back to the old days to see this old
piece last night, to the days when Mo
rosco lorded it over everything on the
tropical side of Market street and
boasted the only week-in-and-week-out
clientele in the town. But one ingre
dient of the illusion was missing— the
audience. Acres, it seemed, of empty
red plush burned against the lights.
Row after row of rich upholstery
yawned from the main floor, the gal
leries were dotted by diminutive
groups, and the boxes, all save one,
were spectacularly vacant. The sight
saddened me. Here was the most com
fortable, commodious theater in San
Francisco, an excellent all-round com
pany of comic opera singers, a suffi
cient orchestra, a fair production of a
charming opera, a good seat down
stairs for the ridiculous price of 35
cents— and not enough people in the
house to stuff a pie with. And
the ex-Southwell company just
engaged by Mr. Morosco fur a
season of forty weeks! Well, the
dear music-loving public would better
sit up and take notice of a good
thing before some one else is wearing
the Morosco diamonds and driving the
Morosco ponies— for comic opera com
panies are expensive. The show is
there, the theater is there with an en
vironment clean and comfortable, but
the audience is missing and has been
missing for some time, in spite of sev
eral sumptuous productions. Every
thing that could be done has been done
by the management, which so far has
studied its patrons' economy rather
than its own in every detail, and it will
be long lasting discredit to the town
if an enterprise like this meets with
no better reward than failure.
I do not desire, especially at this
time, to take back any of the many
lin>-s that I have penciled in praise of
this company, but still in truth I can
not say that this performance of "The
Lily of Killarney" is representative of
the organization. Apart from the fact
that the chorus— which is the real star
of the Southwells — has only limited op
portunities; there is a characteristic
something that is lacking, a certain
energy and a picturesnueness that
j have been signal in the earlier suc
cesses. The Irishness of the piece
seems to find but faint appreciation in
the players. Mr. Persse sings excep
tionally well in Myles, and his brogue
is in honest token of his nationality,
but the real Irish spell is not there;
no more than it is in Mr. Wolff's Danny
Mann, which, too, is abundantly sung
and industriously acted, but more sug
gestive of Shylock than the Irish j
Danny. In fact the whole performance
is unlrish and admirable only so far
as the singing is concerned.
The Neanderthal Skeleton.
The famous Neanderthal skeleton was
discovered in 1^57 in a cave in the valley
of a small stream near Dusseldorf on the
same level with bones of the extinct cave
bear. The workmen who cxi avated ft
not knowing its value, only saved the
larger bones and the cap of the skull. The
frontal prominences are enormous, pro
ducing a great overhanging supraorbital
ridge, entirely unlike anything ordinarily
Been in the skulls of to-day, and remind
ing one strikingly of the skulls of the
highi-r apes. It was declared by Huxley
to be by far the most ape-like skull that
had hitherto been discovered. The re
maining bones of the skeleton indicated a
man of unusually powerful frame.
A very forcible attack was made upon
the normal character of this skeleton by
Virchow, who pointed out that there are
in it unmistakable signs of the rheumatic
affection known as thritis deformans, and
that this not infrequently led. when of a
very marked type, to a deformity of the
skull similar to that shown in these re
mains. This statement, made by the great
authority of one of the foremost patho
logical anatomists of the time, has been
sufficient to discredit the skull in the eyes
of many anthropologists.— Frank Baker in
the American Anthropologist.
Dear Mndam: "Pegamoid" says come!
You're welcome, Chronicle building, No. 61.
MYSTERY YET
SHROUDS HIS
UNTIMELY END
Was John Kehlenbeck
Chloroformed ?
WACHENDORF WILL NOT TALK
DEAD MAN'S ARM SHOWS MARKS
OF HYPODERMIC SYRINGE.
Police Believe Money May Have Been
an Incentive for Foul Play.
Wachendorf Once Arrested
for Begging.
i The latest developments in the case of
the death of John Kehlenbeck, who died
at 315' i: Jessie- street on Monday morning
tinder mysterious circumstances, tend to I
still further envelop the case in mystery, j
, Dr. C. C. J. Wachendorf, who roomed with j
the dead man and who had him under !
medical treatment, is held by the police
1 pending the result of the inquest. Dr.
Zabala, the Coroner's physician, held an
autopsy upon the body of Kehlenbeck
yesterday morning. He found in the :
stomach some liquid of a nature unknown
and a strange foreign growth, which may
be cancer. Dr. Crackbon was given the
stomach for analysis, and the foreign
growth will also be carefully examined.
Beyond Baying that the case looked sus- ,
picious, Dr. Zabala refused to say what
might be the cause of death.
The only motive that can be assigned
: for foul play is that' Kehlenbeck at the ;
time of his dtath was supposed to have
several hundred dollars in his possession.
and when the body and room were
searched on Monday n<> money was found, j
Wachendorf. it is known, is practically j
without means, and. in fact, as was dis- ;
cover. .1 by Detective Silvey yesterday, he I
was arrested In this city on November 9,
1898, for begging and was given twenty- (
five days in jail. Wachendorf will not !
make any statement for publication, i
: From the actions, uf the two men while
! they were at 315% Jessie street it appears
] that Dr. Wachendorf had Kehlenbeck
1 under the influence of some drug. The
! dead man showed Terry, the proprietor
of the boarding-house, his arm. and it was
covered with punctures, evidently made
iby a hypodermic syringe. He said that
the kind of medicine the doctor was gtv-
I ir.g him was nice, for it made him feel
l free from pain. From what Terry has ,
: to say. he is of the opinion that Wachen- !
i dorf was a drug fiend and he believes he j
| was using some drug upon Kehlenbeck ;
for the purpose of getting him under his ,
power.
John F. Winter, who has a saloon at the
corner of Filbert street and Montgomery
avenue, knew th.< dead man intimately.
He says that he tirst came to this coun
| try from Germany with his family and
Bettled in b»wa, where ai present he has >
a brother living. Kehlenbeck then came
to California and bought or rented a small
ranch in San Luis Obispo County. Pie
haya married sister living there at pres
ent. Kehlenbeck failed there and left the
county owing several hundred dollars. He
came to San Francisco and secured work
as a teamster. When the Overland
Freight Company bought out Kehlen
beck'a former employer they paid him $450
; back wages. Winter says that he knows
that the dead man had this money in his
possession only a short while before his
death, as he was afraid to bank it for
fear that it would be attached by his.cred
itors In San Luis Obispo County.
Kehlenbeck told Terry's daughter that ;
he had a batik account. The Coroner's
deputies declare that they have found re- I
I ceipts that show that the dead man paid
! out over WOO for having his teeth fixed.
j They also have, a receipt to show that he
| paid Dr. Wachendorf p'><* for medical at
tendance. It was with this money that .
the doctor bought the bicycle that he pos-
Besses.
The police are following the theory i
given them in the fact that a bottle of
chloroform was found in the dead man's
room. They believe that Wachendorf
| called In Dr. Fehlin simply as a blind, and
! that after Dr. Fehlln's last visit, when he
found Kehlenbeck In a comatose condi- ,
; tion, Wachendorf administered chloro
form with fatal results. It has been as
j certained that Kehlenbeck was suffering
from a repulsive disease, and that his con- ,
situation was. as far as can be learned,
thoroughly undermined.
Wachendorf still refuses to discuss the '
case.
KNOWN IN STOCKTON.
Dr. Wachendorf Made Himself
Notorious by His Eccen-
tricities.
STOCKTON, June 27.— Dr C. C. J.
Wachendorf, who Is held by San Fran
cisco police while examination Is being
made into his connection with the fatal
Illness of John Kehlenbeck, is well known
In this city. Wachendorf lived heic about
four years and departed three years ago.
He had an office In the Union Block and
built up quite a practice until eccentrici
ties made people afraid to employ his
professional services. In the doctor's of
fice were displayed diplomas from several
schools— European and American. He is
a Russian by birth and Is by all conceded
to be a man of considerable attainments.
He contributed to several leading medical
journals. When be became habitually ad
dicted to the cocaine habit his wife, who
is a beautiful and accomplished woman,
l.ft him. It was as a hypnotist that
Wachendorf was most commented upon.
He was possess, d of wonderful power in
this science, and frequently drove people
from his office by wild gesticulation in
trying to put them under control whether
they would or not.
Finally the drug seemed to unsettle him
entirely. and on one occasion he
threatened to murder a druggist because
the latter would not furnish him with
cocaine. The erratic man would enter
tain crowds on the streets at night with
talks on socialism, of which system he
was an ardent advocate. Some of his
eccentricities were ludicrous, but finally
he became regarded as dangerous and
was locked up by the police. It was
shown that it was cocaine and not ordi
nary insanity which affected him, and he
was accordingly released. After this he
dosed up his office and went into the
country, living with a farmer and treat-
Ing him for some ailment in return for
his board. Later he went to Santa Cruz
and Fresno. From the former place he
wrote to prominent citizens here asking
letters of recommendation.
Those who remember Wachendorfs
predilection for hypnotic experiments do
not doubt hut that the death of his patient
was due to his exercise of this. When in
a normal state Wachendorf was a pleas
ant and agreeable conversationalist. Al
though not yet 40 he had a vast fund of
information " acquired traveling and in
study, asd there are those here who hard
ly believe he would have done anything
criminal unless Impelled by some insane
impulse.
On the Verge of the "Wond.
Mrs. Van Rensselaer thus describes in
the Juno Century the effect produced by
gazing up stream at tho Niagara rapids
between Goat Island and the Canadian
shore.
At the head of those rapids their rocky
bed is steep and stairlike. Tt forms, in
lac t. long rows of low cascades rather
than a network of rapids; but these cover
so many feet of descent before they
reach the Sisters that, looking up stream.
we see nothing but cascades— no smoother
flood beyond them. An extraordinary ef
fect of force is thus produced, and of
mystery also. We seem to have done
What, as children, we always hoped to
do. We have reached the horizon, the
edge of the world. But we cannot look
over it. Where do these violent waters
come from? What lies beyond the ragged
line they draw against the sky? It may
be anything— or nothing. All we can say
is that, apparently, they are being riven
from the heavy clouds. It is like a per
petuation of the second day of the earth's
existence. Then the Almighty "divided
the waters which are under the firma
ment from the waters which are above
the Ilrmament: and it was so." Except
in this place at Niagara. Here it is not
yet so. The miraculous division is still
going on. 1
READY TO WELCOME
NEW YORK ARIONS
THE members of the Arion Society have. completed all arrangements
for the entertainment of the New York Arions, who are expected
here on Friday, August 11.
At the meeting on Monday evening of the local society it was de
cided that the great concert arranged for August 12 be held at Odd
Fellows' Hall and $250 was voted to be used for decorative purposes.
The visiting Arions will be met on thfir arrival at the ferry by a dele
gation of the local society and escorted to the Palace, where, in the evening,
a grand serenade with a chorus of over 200 voices will be tendered them.
On Saturday the grand concert will be the feature and on Sunday an
excursion on the bay. For the excursion the steamer Piedmont has been
chai tered.
>.o definite programme has been arranged for the balance of the time the
visitors will spend here, but it is more than probable that a visit to Yo
semite and Del Monte will be in order.
President J. F. Placeman of the local society, assisted by all the members,
is exerting himself to make the stay of the New Yorkers an extremely en
joyable one.
FAT DRUMERS GETTING BARE.
Conjuring Has Causec 3 a Revolution
in the Methods of the Trade.
"The business ain't what it used to be,"
sighed the shoe lirtimmcr, who wbs tall
and thin ami solomn looking, arnl might
have been taken fur either ■<* minister or
an undertaker. "It's going to the dogs.
"What's the matter with it?" inquired
his sympathizing friend.
"The matter with it?" echoed the shoe
drummer. "Matter enough. Look at
ITItJ ' '
"I could look at you with better effect
were we to adjourn to the cafe."
"Oh hang it all, man. I'm not joking.
"No m<>re am I. Tills weather does not
admit of Jokes. Spiel on."
"What 1 was going to say. continued
the shoe house drummer, "Is that no one
would take me for the traditional knight
of the gripsack, a representative of the
great commercial interests of this coun
"Possibly not," agreed the sympathiz
ing friend. "But why wouldn't they?"
"I'm too thin." answered the drummer
in a doleful voice.
"Thin?" said the sympathizing friend,
lifting his eyebrows; "what in the name
of the three witches has that got to do
with it?"
"Everything," groaned the shoe house
drummeV. "What's your ideal of a com
mercial traveler?"
"A rubicund, cherry-faced fellow with
an engaging smile, an infectious good
humor, an explosive Joy, a capacity for
various vinous, malt and spiritous liquors,
controlled only by the limits of the ex
pense account, and a fondness for Ra
belaisian anecdote."
"Exactly," commented the drummer;
"do I fill the bill?"
"Well, to be frank, old man,' laughed
the sympathizing friend, "you bear about
as much resemblance to the ideal drum
mer as Don Quixote does to Jack Fal
" "Now that you"re talking," said the
shoe house drummer, lighting a mulatto
stogie "how many of the fellows you
know 'in this business are fat?"
"Not one that 1 know of," answered the
sympathizing friend, after he had re
flected for a few moments.
"Right again." asserted the shoe house
drummer, with a melancholy smile. "Fat
drummers are as rare as flamingoes in
Florida."
"What's the cause of this sudden melt
ing of all too solid flesh?" asked the sym
pathizing friend. ,
"Oh the revolution in tho methods of
the trade is responsible for it. The boys
of the old school aren't in it nowadays.
It used to be that a drummer worth his
salt had to be an alcohol immune. He
had to be able to drink an intending pur
chaser under the table. No wonder he
goi l";it Hut times have changed. A
fellow who makes any money in these de
generate days can't afford to cultivate an
artistic thirst; and what's more, he's got
to l« a blooming parlor entertainer."
"A what?" gasped the sympathizing
friend.
"A parlor entertainer— a prestidigitator—
a conjuring chump. Savvy? "
"I think I do." said the sympathizing
friend, faintly.
"Well that's why the business is going
to the dogs." continued the shoe house
drummer, in a bitter voice. "A fellow
isn't able to sell a bill of goods in the
country now without hypnotizing the
merchant and reeling off a dozen tricks.
! oh I've been at it a year now, and I'm a
1 Ho'udin, Keller and Herrmann all rolled
' into one. I make dollar bills change into
tins; i change a quoen of clubs into an
ace of hearts, and everywhere 1 go I give
gratis exhibitions of my skill."
"I should think that there'd be lots of
fun in it," said the sympathizing friend.
"Oh. yes. there's no end of fun in it,"
1 replied the shoe house drummer, wearily.
"That's what I thought at first. All the
1 boys who were going in for sleight of
hand in order to attract etistomers told
! me that there was more fun in taking hall
! dollars from a man's nose than in taking
that same man out for a high ball. But
I've changed my mind. You don't want
to believe those boys. They are willies
! if they spring that gag on you. I've got
enough prestidigitation in mine."
"How so?"
"I was working the sleight-of-hnnrt
racket up in in Rochester a few we^ks
ago," began the shoe house drummer, but
tb" sympathizing friend interrupted him.
"I thought fou only practiced your arts
in the country?" he said.
"Oh. well, it's the same thing," re
marked the shoe house drummer, with a
shrug of his shoulders. "The only differ
ence between Rochester and other country
towns is that Rochester owns a part of
the Board of Arbitration. But, as I was
saying. I was doing the 'kingpln-of-n»cr>
j mancy' act. and I thought I had the pro
prietor of one of the big shoe houses th-^re
I dead to rights. He was dead easy, and I
.just put the cold clappers on him for good.
i Never saw a man so astonished in all my
; life. T Higgled away cards, coins, hand-
I kerchiefs and pencils as easily as an alli
i gator swallows doughnuts. He just gog
! gled his eyes on me and gasped whenever
I made anything disappear or reappe/ir,
and I had put him down In my little book
for a couple of thousand plunks. But I
didn't rush in and upnercut him and take
chances of being accidentally put out. So,
sir. I fiddled around in good old Jim Jef
fries style and kept him guessing. Finally
T saw my opening and I sailed in. 'Here,'
says I. producing a silver dollar, 'is a gen
uine specimen of the current coin of the
realm, vintage of '92.' and T tossed it on
the counter to prove that it was all wool
and a yard wide. The proprietor looked at
it closely and said it was all right. 'Ri:?ht
you are." says I, and I put It on the tips
of my fingers.
" 'You are certain this is a genuine ppon
dulix?' says I.
" 'T am.' says he; 'do your worst.'
" 'Now watch me close.' says I.
" 'I'm all eyes.' snvs he.
" 'Then put out yr.ur hand.' says I, as
solemn as a man who reads the ~om;c
sunnlements of a yellow journal.
"He held out his paw and T tossed the
j dollar into his palm, and the old follow
i clutched it like a lobster clawing nrrnvpl.
; I smiled like I fancied Kellar would smile
In a similar situation.
"'You've got the dollar in your han.l?'
I asked.
• "'I have,' said he. 'and I never let go
of a dollar one" I get my hand on it.'
" 'Open your list,' I commanded. The old
curmudgeon spread his fingers open
slowly, and, presto! there on his paim
was a twenty-dollar gold piece.
"'A capital trick,' he explained; 'a
capital trick.'
" 'I think so myself,' I said compla
cently.
" 'But what'a become of the dollar he
asked.
" 'Oh,' I answered jauntily, 'that was
transmuted into gold by the power of my
art.' v
" 'So, said he. slipping the gold piece
into his pocket, 'that beats Billy Bryan's
game for making money. It's a sort of 20
to 1 scheme?'
" 'Here, give me hack my money,' I
gasped.
" 'Your money"' he said, with an air of
astonishment. Oh, yes, to he sure, to be
pure.' And the old guy took a silver dol
lar from the til! and handed it to me.
"I laughed like a fellow with the [
cramps, but I thought the (lid fellow was \
playing a little joke on me, so I didn't say
anything. I ht'ng around trying to se'l i
him some goods, but he told me that he
had just stocked up from another con- !
cern. I stayed around, however, but I
never a word* did Mr. Shoeman say. After :
awhile he put on his hat and said: 'Well, I
old man. I must be going home. I en-
Joyed your little entertainment im
mensely. Drop in when you're round this
way again.'
"And blank me," said the shoe house i
drummer, "but I was so complettely
dashed that I couldn't say a word."
"You couldn't say a word?' exelainv-d
the sympahizlng friend.
"Not a word."
The sympathizing friend looked re
proachfully at the shoe house drummer
and sighed.
'•Billy," he sajd. solemnly, "the drinks
are on me."— New York Sun.
Mrs. Keeley and Queen Victoria.
The late Mrs. Keeley used to tell the
following story about the visit she paid
to the Queen at Buckingham Palace on I
the occasion of the jubilee In 18S7. Being :
Incredulous of the genuineness of the in- i
vitation, she was disposed to treat the j
royal command as a joke, and wrote a i
rather sarcastic letter to the official, a j
personal friend, who had addressed it to
her. This he gave to the Queen, anil the
veteran actress was a little disconcerted :
when her Majesty told her she had read
the letter. Mrs." Keeley begged that it
should he restored to her. "No, no, Mrs.
Keeley." answered the Queen; "it is safo- j
ly painted in my autograph book. Yoa'll i
never get it again."
On being presented. Mrs. Seeley ere- j
cused herself from making a low curtsey
by saying, "Your Majesty, I have rheu- !
matism in my knees, and I cannot curt- !
sey." "Mrs. Keeley." replied the Queen. >
"1 can't either." and the veteran actress
was put at her ease by the homeliness
of the remark and its common touch of ;
nature which made the two women kin.
London Chronicle.
AEVEKTISEMENTS.
■ ■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
I
Don't Be a Weak Man !
Don't let your past errors wreck the happiness of
your life. You can be cured. Over 10,000 such men as
you have been cured during the past year by
Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt.
A\ hen your neighbor says it cured him, when you
know that over 10,000 men have been restored by it, you
must have confidence in this wonderful Belt. If you have
failed in other means that is no argument against it, for
nine out of ten of its cures were made after all else had
failed. It pours vitality into the nerves and muscles, re-
storing the wasted power, and it musWcure. It is worth
its weight in gold, for it saturates the weakened body with
new life, new vigor, new vitality.
Call or Send for My Book, "Three Classes of Men."
ii- o .X hi ;L tolls a ' )OUt it and gives hundreds of grateful letters. Tf you are a
?Vfmir t n h r pH ltl ,nt . ree ; sealed - on application. If possible, call and
examine the Belt and test it, free.
ftp M A M/)T OlirvVlliVk TO2 Market St., oor. Keirny. S t.\
JL/A • lU> J\. lUCLiaUfirfllln, Bnrdiok Blosk, cor. Spring and Second
° ' Bts., Los Angeles
Office Hours— 8 a.m. to 6:30 p.m.; Sundays. 10 to L NEVER SOLD IN DRUGSTORES
DAIRYMEN WHO
SHIPPED TO A
MYTHICAL FIRM
Gilroy Victims Part
With Cheese.
BENNETT A SMOOTH TALKER
SAID HE WA3 THE MANAGER OF
A BIG EXCHANGE.
The Elusive Goods Finally Found in
the Basement of the Man's
House on Eighteenth
Street.
A number of dairymen in the vicinity nf
Gilroy have been in this city recently,
looking for one Charles Bennett, also for
several hundred dollars' worth of cheese
purchased by that individual on repi
tations that proved to be misleading In
the latter part of May Bennett visited The
dairymen of Gilroy, announcing hims.-if
as manager of the Western Dairymen's
Exchange of 22^ Clay street, of which "J.
H. Halstead" was president. A dec
business card assisted him in inducing
several of the leading producers of that
section to ship quantities of cheese to the
number and firm named. George Schrep
fer sent $GS worth; Richard Brem for
warded cheese to the value -of $172; R.
Eschenburg sent $80 worth and later Car
len Willson forwarded a goodly lot.
It was Eschenburg who first learned
that there was something wrong. He
telegraphed to this city and inquired re
garding the standing of the Western
Dairymen's Exchange and found that
such" an institution hud no existence; also
that the number. 22* Clay street, is the
business place of L. Dallman & Co.: that
Bennett's only connection with the prem
ises consisted in the fact that he rented
the privilege of having his letters go to
that address; that the name of the ex
change did not appear over the door or
elsewhere, and. further, that the cheese
in question was not sent to the Clay
street establishment.
Mr. Eschenburg came to the city and
engaged M. McCurrie to assist him. At
22S Clay street they were told that Ben
nett, known there only by the name of
Charles Bennett, lived in Oakland. "Hal
stead" was not known at all. After con
siderable trouble they located Bennett's
home at 2124 Eighteenth street. To their
surprise they found that all or nearly all
of the cheese that had been shipped from
Gilroy had been taken from the railroad
and was stored in the basement of the
house. Esohenburp and the detective suc
ceeded after several days in finding Ben
nett. The peculiar cheesemonger waa
"called down" very hard by Eschenburg,
who finally collected the money due him.
By trrts time several other Gilroy cheese
makers put in an appearance and de
manded their pay. They stated that they
did not get the money or'the cheese. In
stead they were told that they would be
paid some time. As a result of their ex
perience it is probable that they will en
deavor to have Bennett arrested for ob
taining goods under false pretense?.
Dallman .& Co. state that when the men
with whom Bennett had been dealing
came to their place of business and told
of the manner in which they had been
deceived they ordered Bennett to leave
their premises and stay away. He picked
up his business cards and promptly com
piled and the present location of the
"Western Dairymen's Exchange" is un
known. However, cheesemakers In other
sections may now have further informa
tion on the "subject.
A Chance to Marry Yum Yum
Hosxiijoshi seeks a husnand. Sht> de
scribes herself thus: "I am a beautiful
flower woman, 'with cloudlike hair, flow
ery face, willow-like waist and crescent
eyebrows.' I have enough -roperty to walk
through life hand in hand, gazing at flow
ers in the day and the moon at night. If
there is a gentleman who is clever,
learned, handsome and of pood taste I
will join with him fur life and share the
pleasure Of being- buried in the same
grave." — Kanazawa Shim bun.
Does the Best He Can.
"Henry, why do you smoke continu
ally from morning; until night?"
"Tt's the only time I f?et. I sleep from
night till mornins."— Tit-Bitp.AUDITOR WELLS
ESTIMATES TAX
LEVY AT $1,16
Says the Dollar Limit
Is Impossible.
♦-
ANNUAL STATEMENT READY
SUPERVISORS WOULD INCUR A
DEFICIENCY.
—
What It Will Cost to Maintain the
Government for Six Months
Under the New
Charter.
Auditor Wells has completed his estl- :
;, rr.nte of the tax levy for the fiscal year
:. : v.r-iIW. placing the rate at $116 onjJIOO.
This ia the lowest estimate made by the ,
;. Auditor for years] and Mr. Wells says
: . he c'toes not see how the Supervisors can 1
/.possibly keep within the dollar limit!
■■■. without piling up another deficiency of \
Jl $100,000 or $150,000. The Auditor has scaled ;
■ the estimates as low as he deemed expo- j
■ "3ipr.t--.in many instances, he says, fnr |
'■. below the amounts asked for by the j
'._■ fcoads of departments— and it is his ojiin- |
• lon that any further reductions wnuhl
■ ■ • impair the efficiency of the local govern
•
• ••.• An interesting feature of the Auditor's
. y reperv Is tlie fact that the first six months '
•••.• are. based the consolidation act,
. '..'while the succeeding six months come un
'.-• der'the operation of the new charter
. Included in the Auditor's figures Is an
'• estimate of the cost of rating tho
•".; Board of Public Works, created by the
■ new charter. This • [mate, however, 1
.":": doc-s not include estimates on a new I
. pewor system, harbor Improvements, etc..
which are contemplated. Below la the
//••statement in detail:
'• ' ESTIMATED : XPENDITURES ON THE
• • GENERAL,, SPECIAL FEE AND
OTHER FUNDS
— , |
-.■.-.' i to~~
;•.;• .;. ■ 7 « %
- X F.f
:.;■ ao -tnt. j5 -*§
"~ 7 -
S 5 a
S x | : m
■ Advertising r\ty an d county
i : i
::."■ Assessor ... 2]c«K> 2CCK)
Regular. deputies 12,450 20.10".'
...
": -Auditor's office :.. e.soo 6 **vt
• ..Asfec=6mein roll . ... 10.000 4,500
• City and County Attorney's
... ■ Office 10,350! 10.950
••Coroner's office 10,010 S M)
County Clerk's office, salaries
.- ■ and expenses 47.00*1] 37,700
District Attorney's office 10. 1KI0 IS.IOO
.Fire, alarm and police tele
. .•• graph ■ 39050
■• .Department of electricity 50.050
■"• .:Flr» Department salaries 204.150: 245.^55
. .-.Apparatus, material, running.
.•;■.• .expenses' 324. 0' V) 83.750 I
■ • r.<-iu--; of disabled firemen 500 500
','■ >-; ! sh : and Game Warden 750;
■• .'Fourth of July and Memorial
.';' "day 3,onf> 500
;'•■.' Gas- Inspector .... 900 SOO
'. ... ; H^oith Department—
■ ■. : >;Vlmpb')Use . 43.000 45.000
: *:BujrlaKcf : inaigent dead 2,000 2,000
[-.:'Gltyr ßeceiving Hospital cal
•: I.':; rvri-es : . •...'= 5.69 3.630
'. ' . City Receiving Hospital ex
■.■.'.•U.pehses' | 1.3101 r 1.310
I ' ,i'lty. arxd- (-"urify r capital.. 45.000 42. C00 !
; : Kri.fl-if.p'ix'. hospital- 2.o<vi 2,000 I
.;• '-'\.<r:ir'A pf Healjth, salaries and
■ I • '. expenses ' , 35,200 35.200 ]
•^Examination of insane 2.300 2.500 j
; . :'.^.t--rn>-nt iof deceased ex
:".; I'n'r.n -soldiers and sailors... 1.250' 1.250 I
■. f^COurt. interpreters 5.750 S.iXO i
;;;;-^uclse« Superior Court, ■ -re-'
.'■':' t"a.ry. sti.-noifra.pher. witness
:. expens-s 15,400 19.000
•' .'JCidgroents; costs and interest] 700
.-. Jury expenses, criminal cases; 1.000 1.000
.'• 'Grand' Jury I l.onn i/'"> !
•'.■ .^JUHtlces' . Court 11.430 10,350
I-i w- library -and law and mo
'• t inn' calendar 3.02 3.290 |
■■ ;. •.License/Collector 19.H5'' 750
V: : Maycr's- office i 4.260 6,900
Mai rii.ena.no c of feeble-minded
•:• children 16.000 10. 000
Maintenance of Insarre pa
:'. tients. and salaries : 2.000 2,000
■•'Maintenance of minors at
- Prfsron and Whlttler
/.••schdori :. 4.000 4,000
'' •Mniapp.anc' of non-sectarian
■-: schools j 1.500 1.500
•.te'Mun'.'clpal reports i ..I 7.000 '
" \ r.}W : Curt? (f0ur)..... i 24.200 9.600 ;
■•'.'•Police r>e f .anme»t .-..■• \ 331.074 887.174 !
' '. Pouh4keeper ■ 450 450
. ■■■Pri.-pn.-r?, FUb?lftence of . . . 18,650 30,056 :
■:",*".Pflniltie ! transcripts on appeal 1.250 1,250
' TVwrcWs office 18.860 16.210 !
ii'-g^-trfili.in 43.200 aw
'■-V-'She.r.Jff'a office 70,206 50,200
: Predial, counsel 2. 500
.' ; stati.;ii»i-y. blanks, books, -'.
'.• . • f-rtntinc. p.-.stae-e. e.tc 11.0W 11,000
' •:S'tenV-cr;apriers. criminal cases; la.ooo ....■.;.,.:
;;:"SUpe'rin't«ndent of 5ch0015....; 4,70n ..;.."
. ; ' S»upcr:r.tendent of Streets and'
.i i-'j deputies «" ' 16,250 16,250
I 'Puparvisors; falari«s and rau
'. :nlbii>a.r: : expenses 78.R41 77,510
, - r ' ■■•;:•:;;
•'• ■Tax 'Collector 29.500 88.650
Treasurer' f,IOO
■ rre»nt npce«sitv . , 15.000 15.000
'/.XVater'. •'.■...:....: 125.000 125,000
POSTUM CEREAL.
COFFEE DID IT.
Would Have Been Fatal if Kept Up.
(fee!! () h. how I did want it after
i'the nervous strain of public work.
thing warm to brace me up wa.=
: reakfasi I craved, but every
: tlme I iivhi.U it I suffered the dying
ition that follows it with heart
•ring and throbbing of the throat
■ .irs.
I had no strength to throw away in
stray, so decided that hot water
must do for me.
One morning I came to breakfast in
thf- home of some friends in Puebla,
Col., just )n time t<> see thf> mother i
ng some rich, deep yellow coffee)
mugs for the two little boys. One
hap had thrust his fingers in the
and was licking them with such
smacks. This opened the
way : Bay, "Are you not afraid
of the of coffee on the little
folks?" The mother explained that it
was Postuj . Pood Coffee made at Bat-
Creek, Michigan, and remarked,
"We think there is nothing like, it."
Then she explained how the new cof-
fee had weaned them away from the
use of the old-fashioned coffee and tea
because "it is bo wholesome."' I
drank it there for the first time, and
was delighted not only with the deli-
rious flavor, but the after satisfaction
it gives. One day I was shaking with i
pur family physician's wife ahout Pos- j
turn, when her daughter remarked:
V-s, mamma, we are nut of Postum,
;in<V I have used coffee for the last two
mornings and it always brings the tired !
feeling and troubles my stomach and i i
bowels, but Poetum makes me feel all |
right." I
In one home they Berved Postum in j
such- a way that It waa tasteless. Ij i
have found that Postum boiled some-
times live minutes, and sometimes ten, h
is nothing more than spoiled water; but
when it la made with two heaping teas-
poqhsful for each cup and boiled fifteen
or. twenty minutes, it becomes a tried
and proven breakfast favorite, and for :
refreshment and wholesome nourish-
ment has no equal. M. M. Yates, \
Goshen, Ihd.
Board of Public Work? I 6,900
Civil ' Service Commission , 3,000
Estimated revenue!
general, special I !
fee, pound fee, '
police contingent, j
etc— ;
Fees of the city and '
county officer* % 150,000
Police Court lines.... 28,000
Superior Court fines 1,000
Licenses,; municipal • [
and county j 400,000!
Subsistence of prls- ■
oners 7.000;
Sundries 22.f.42'
Taxes 2.501,093
! 1
Total $3.109.735!
! |
.Estimated expenditures and
revenue continued —
Library fund (estimated rev
enue $'*1,000) 80.500 30.500
1 Purk Improvement fund (esti
mated revenue f 297.500) 175.000 122.500
School fund, maintenance.... 846,278 ......
i Salaries all employes 517.020
Improvements, etc ■ — ' 83.092
Revenue—
From State It 660.000
Rents j IS.0O0!.
Collateral Inheritance 20,0 0'
Other sources > 6.000:
Taxes 512.357!
T tal i
Street Department fund (rev- .......... ..........
enue J425.120) 220,310 20..510
Street light fund, liKhtlnK
streets (revenue 10,000).... 150.000 IcO.OCO
Board of Public Works. I
S:x Months-
Three commissioners «.wj
Secretary *
Repairs public buildings , I.WO
Repairs police stations «.w«
j Repairs Jails £-; ( J;
Engineer. fireman, etc ' -
i I.i^htl"nK "rubric • building" | 20.00"
I ulldJng . r
j Mchting streets 125000
Water
Street improvements .. 207.81 C
! Not estimated on general
: newer system, harbors and
| wharves.' acquisition of public
'■ utilities and unfinished con-
I Park Improvement bonds of
i 1574-75 ' . DW '.■". i .iO*A
'■ v ' Fund ' -wJ
Park Improvement bonds — 5,200 st2u
Totals 52,507.135i»2.660,?47
AUDITOR RECAPITULATION.
" - a s>
r»O iJQ |J2
\ l M if
ACCOUNT. k j-» : ■>
■■'- «3 ■ a
; ;H. r i '-a
■ =
General, special fee.
pound fee. police
contingent " nap
; pn ; riat« I fee fund,!
i etc -• 109,735 $ 608.642 82,501.093
I library fund ! 61.000. I.ooo] 50.000
! P a rk improvement :
' fund . i 297.500 2,5001 2?5.0OO
! School fund i 1,246,387 734.0001 812.887
i Street Department
fund 128.120 61.000: 367.120
; Street light fund 300.000 .. 300,000
• •
Park Improvement
bonds of 1574-75 15,000 15.000
Sinking Fund—
Park improvement
bonds of 1874-75. 10.400 I.ooo] 9.400
Grand totals i $5.468.142111.408.142184,
TAX LEVY FOR FISCAL YEAR. 1599-1900.
An II
•
General, special, fee. pound fee. police
contingent, unappropriated fee funds.
etc .. 7146
i School fund 1464
' Street Department fund 1043
Street lisht 05",7
Total Current Expenses-
Library r 'l7l
Park improvement fund <>->43
Interest on park improvement bond? 0<43
Sinking fund . -0*27
Tax levy 1600
MEDALS FOR VOLUNTEERS.
His Grace Archbishop Riordan Helps
the Movement Along by a Con
tribution of §25.
ypcterday afternoon there was held in
rivate office o f Mayor Phelan In the
n Mock a meeting of the finance
committee of the California Veteran
Medal Fund. There were present: Mayor
•i. .T<>hn T. Greaney (chairman of the
general committee), Frank B. Ryan isec
ALCOHOL RUINED HIM
AND GAS KILLED HIM
c> rt AVTNO run through two moderate fortunes, having: become divorced
from two wives by reason of his dissipated habits, having been
i I awakened from the dream md the plamor of an aimless existence,
J Frank R. Day, stricken with remorse, ended his life with the hand
of a suicide.
He was discovered dead in bed yesterday morning in the Van
Dyke lodging house at 330 McAllister street. The stopcqpk of the gas jet
was fully turned on and the room was full of the suffocating odor. All the
crevices, including the keyhole, were stopped with bits of cloth tightly
wedged in to prevent the escape of the death-dealing fluid. On the back
of a receipt given him by the Knights of the Maccabees was the follow
ing written with a lead pencil:
"If my body is found, tell my friends at Wells, Fargo & Co. to bury me
Ht Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland. My father, Loth Day. and mother,
Celine Day. are buried there."
His mom was found full of gas lnst Saturday morning and hs was
pulled out of bed In time to save his life. He explained then that it had
been accidentally turned on.
Day was a clever man, of good education, a pleasing address and a fac
ility for making friends. When not uud»»r the influence of liquor he was a
charming companion and numbered unong Mis friends many persons of con
siderable influence. Among these was the brother of Mrs. Leland Stanford,
and among Day's effects was a note from thai lady informing him In r<?
sponse to an inquiry that her brother would be pleased to see him as soon
as his physician should pronounce him sufficiently strong.
Several years ago Day was elected Chief of the Los Angeles Fire
Department. Two years ago bo conducted a saloon In Monterey. Blncs
then he had been in the employment of Wells. Fargo & Co. as clerk in
this city up to the 20th of the present month.
Day's first wife and 18-year-old daughter are residing in Los Angeles, and
hie second wife and child 2*4 years old are living in this city. His flist
wife was divorced from him several years ago, while his second divorce
took place about a year ago.
By the death of his father Day Inherited considerable property. Including
a piece of real estate on the corner of Washington and Eleventh streets in
Oakland, but he ran through It in a short time.
He was too good hearted for his own good.
Day was a social member of San Francisco Tent No. 18, Knights of the
Maccabees. t
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 28, 1899.
CHINESE HIGHBINDER
KILLS HIS ENEMY
Rivalry for the Affections of
a Woman Leads to a De
liberate Mjrder.
cZjyZ CHINESE love affair led to a
II Y^ murder early yesterday morn
/r==\ ln *-
U \^> Shoe Hoon Sein and Ng Tow
Sheong were rivals for the
.t flections of a Chinese belle and Sein
billed Sheong in* order to get him out
of the way.
Sheong was the bookkeeper for the
Chinese firm of Cerro Howart & Co.,
at 227 Clay street and lived on the
premises. Bui is a laborer, and says
it was a case of murder or being mur
dered. About 7 a. m. he went to the
cigar factory and found Ng Vow
Sheong asleep on a cot at the rear of
the cigar factory. "I told him to wake
up and fight, but he wouldn't," said
Shee Hoon Sein, "so I shot him in the
head. He was a heap bad man and
told my girl that he would poison
me."
SI ■ •• Hoon Sein was killed with the
first shot. It made an ugly wound In
his head, and death must have been
instantaneous. After firing the shot
Sein ran away and was captured on
Sacramento street by Sergeant
Brpphy and charged with murder at
the Harbor police station. The Smith
& Wesson pistol with which he did
the shooting- was booked as evidence
against him.
At the Central police station,
whither he was removed early in the.
day. Shee Hoon Sein readily admitted
that he had killed his rival. He said
that the girl's name was Leng Goo,
and that she was the property of Son
retaryi. L. F. Byington. W. B. Harring
ton, C. D Hobson and .1. P. Dockery.
There was presented a communication
from E. Mulligan, secretary to Archbishop
Riordan. inclosing a check for $25 as a
contribution from the Archbishop to the
fund. His Grace presented his respectful
compliments and wished the work every
success.
Ge rg'e H. ROOS, Leon L. Run? and Rob
ert A. "Boos of Roos Bros, sent a check
for $30 being the second donation from
the firm to the fund. L. B. Murray, N.
Trout and the William Lewis Company
each contributed $5.
The contributions up to date amount to
$3237 SO. airman Greaney reported that
it is probable the contributions from those
who are employed In the City Hall will
amount in the aggregate to between $550
and $600.
Congressman Julius Kalin reported that
the number of volunteers from California
(army and navy) entitled to medals will
number in the aggregate about 9000 men.
I.eng To|. a gambler. The dead man,
according to him. had given I.eng Goo
a powder which she had given to him.
It was to make his love stronger, but
it made him very sick and he nearly
died. Ng Vow Sheong next threatened
to kill him, so he got his gun and
killed his enemy.
When seen in the City Prison the
murderer said that Ng Vow Sheong
was a had man and had caused a h» ap
of trouble, leading one of his coun
trymen to commit suicide. He ad
mitted that he had been ordered to
kill him. He said he belonged to the
Sam Tups, and the murdered man to
the Suey Yups.
ANOTHER ENGAGEMENT
WON BY CALIFORNIANS
THE FORCES OF BACCHUS ARE
MET AND VANQUISHED.
Adjutant General Seamans' First Ac
tion Results in a Complete
Success.
Brigadier General W. H. Seamans. the
! new adjutant general of the National
| Guard, was tendered an elepant banquet
( by his brother officers last evening at the
| California Hotel.
Around a circular tablo. beautifully dcc
i orated with a profusion of rare flowers
| and fairly jtroaninß with the finest efforts
' of the Cilifornia'H chef, fourteen gentle
. men seated themselves to do honor to
; their now adjutant general. It was
hardly 7 o'clock when the warriors first
placed their feet un<k-r the mahopany
and gazed with empty stomachs and lonp
i inp eyes at the poodly array of large
' round, cold hott!en that were drawn up in
battalion formation on the adioinlnp side
boards. At an hour considerably past
mitlnig-ht tho battalions had l>^en' fairly
: cut to iiieoes and the reserves that had
! heen hurried forward to meet the on
slaught were faring no better.
Fmiing lulls in the nig:ht - = fighting
toasts were rendered and applauded
speeches were made and listened to:
songs were sung and choruses helped
'(long, and when, at last, the cohorts of
Bacchus had all W-en slaughtered and
; dispersed, the party broke up, vowing
, that never yet hail commander witnessed
i so Kiorimip a victory.
Those of the staff whose valor and
ability greatly contributed to the success
i of the engagement and \^iio are worthy
•it special official mernkn were: Brigadier
General Warfield, Brigadier General W
; H. Seamans, Colonel A. K. Whitter. Polo
r»ei j. i;. Giesting, Colonel Q. F. Hauser
Major r>. s. i>om. Major TT. A. Wegener
Major H. B. Fiosmer, Major J. A. Margo
Major J. H. Hendy, Major C. J. Evans
Captain M. Burnett, c. l. Hewes
I and Captain D. A. Smith. Orderlies Do
Spaar and Crosby also specially distin
guished themselves and are recommend
ed fnr promotion.
A California Volunteer Explains.
The following letter is self-explanatory
IN CAMP, NEAR SAN PEDRO MAC ATE
April 2R. I<W)
Editor Call— Dear Sir: Have to hand Call o
March 25, relating to the death of two mem
bers of C Company and in whlrh connectioi
my name was used.
The Manila Times, which printed tn article
here, has since refuted the statement, but be
ins out in the trenches cannot Fend a copy.
I not being one of the unfortunate party and
having no connection whatever with the case,
would ask that in Justice to myself you would
please deny the statement In your valuable
paper. Thanking you in advance, I remain
yours sincerely, EDWARD DUNCAN,
Company C, First California Volunteers
Manila, P. I.
Celebrate the Fourth with Cali'omia
fireworks. Buy direct from makers. Cali
fornia Fireworks Co.. 219 Front St. •
DIRECTORY
Of RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURERS, MERCHANTS
AND JOBBERS.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
BELTINO.
Ln DFfIFV Manufacturer of Betting nnd
I. UCUCA, Laco Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BO LER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS, ;
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Eblp
ffiJSßt Work.
Office ana Works-113-115 MISSION ST.
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPAM,
342 to 350 Geary Street. Above Powell.
Periodicals. Books mid Stationery.
COAL. COKE AND PIO IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
, WOO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1864.
COPPERSMITH.
JOPEPH FOX. Bupt. H. BLTTH. Mirr.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty. 16 and 18
Washington St Telephone, Main 5641.
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE.
RFMNRTdN ft PR Second and SteTen.
ntUlrlUlUn & UU, BOn Sti, TeL Main 4
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
TIC RfIYFS £ fii Shipping Butcher*. 104 |
JAS- fiVIEj a CU., Clay. Tel. Mala U9i. I
PROPOSED TAX
ON STUDENTS
AT BERKELEY
A Special Meeting of
Regents Is Called.
GAGE IS HEARD FROM
LIBERAL CALIFORNIANS ARE
NOT OFFERING ASSISTANCE.
The Governor Pocketed a Bill to Re
imburse Money Advanced to
Help the Destitute
Farmers.
The Board of Regents at a recent
session voted to impose a registration
tax of $20 on each student attending
the university. This measure was
adopted to cover an anticipated deficit
of $47.<iiio. The professors strenuously
objected to any reduction of their sal
aries and the sense of the hoard was
against the abolition of a single exist
ing department of the institution. The
finance committee failed to find a way
other than that nf imposing a tax on
the students. The proposition was vig
orously resisted by Judge Wallace.
John E. Budd and H. S. Foote. hut the
majority of the regents favored it.
When Governor Gage heard what the
regents proposed to do hp wrote a let
ter expressing his dissent and suggest
ing a special meeting to reconsider the
action of the board. Judge Slack, who
voted in favor of the tax. is of the opin
ion that the regents will cheerfully ac
quiesce if some other plan of providing
for the money can be presented. He
supported the measure to tax the stu
dents because he saw no other way to
overcome the deficit. The committee
in preparing the budget found that a
certain Bum of money was required for
the maintenance of each of the depart
ments of the university, and that the
aggregate sum demanded exceeded the
estimated income by $47,000.
In making estimates of the revenue
which the university will d> rive from
the State on the 2-cent tax, the regents
n'eure that the valuation of taxable
property for this year will not show
an increase as compared with last
year's valuation. The alarm of the re
gents may be premature. If the As
sessors of other counties of the State
shall show as much enterprise in the
work of expanding Ih* assessment roll
as the Assess.^ of San Francisco Is dis
playing the university will have a sur
plus rather than a deficit.
Governor Gage may be able to con
vince the regents that the increased
valuation will render the proposed tax
unnecessary. It is noted that the agi
tation for money to maintain the uni
versity has not induced citizens of
wealth and public spirit to signify a
readiness to advance coin on the credit
of the State. Eastern people hearing
so much about our great university
may regard it as rather remarkable
that so much clamor should be made
Of :i small deficit of $47,000. They must
naturally infer that the millionaires of
California do not manifest much con
cern in higher education when no one
offers to help the university. The East
erners may not be advised of the fact
that California recently contributed a
rare specimen to the gallery of freak
Governors, and therein lies the reason
that public spirited men of means are
not offering to assist th» State.
Our freak Governor holds that money
advanced on the credit and honor of
the commonwealth should not be re
paid. The fact will be recorded in the
annals of California that Governor
Budd on the credit of the State pro
cured (25,000 from a generous citizen to
assist settlers in a drought -stricken dis
trict. The money was disbursed by a
commission appointed by the Governor
and consisting of the Mayor of San
Francisco, the president of the Mer
chants' Association and the president
of the State Agricultural Society. The
accounting showed that every dollar
expended went to the relief of some
destitute farmer. Both houses of the
Legislature without dissent passed the
bill to repay the money so advanced
on the credit of the commonwealth.
When the bill reached Governor Gage
he put it in his porket and denied re
payment of the sum advanced. In view
of the transaction, it is not likely that
there will be a rush of liberally in*
clined citizens to assist the State Uni
versity. When money advanced to help
the settlers is not repaid, there can be
no assurance that an advance to as
sist the students will be recognized as
an honorable obligation.
STRIPED BASS SEIZED.
Vigilant Fish and Game Warden Con-
fiscates a Large Consignment of
Underweight Fish.
Fish and Game Warden James Fallnn
seized 1000 pounds of underweight striped
bass last nlK'it. and to-day various char
itable Institutions will be benefited by hU
vigilance. The fish were expressed "from
Pinole and were consigned to D. Ceregh
ino & Co., E. R Inguglla & Co., Ameri
can T'nion Fish Company and A. IMa
dinl. No nrrestp were made, as no one
stepped forward to claim the bass
Roxes containing 200 pounds of the de
licious-- food will be sent to the Protestant
Orphan Asylum, Mount St. Joseph Asy
lum. Hebrew Orphan Asylum. the
Youths' Directory and the Almshouse.
HARDWARE.
r> A LACE Hardware Co., Importer* and Deal-
* era In hardware. 603 Market; tel. Main 752.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry Morton H Hedi-y. Print.
234 Fremont St. Casting of Every D«.
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1503.
PAPER DEALERS.
WILLAMETTE P^ P AND PAPER CO.
lIILLMHILIIL 722 Montgomery Street
PRINTINa
E- C- HUGHES, 6 n B^o^^et.
THE HICKS- CO-. tSSSFUgS^
STATIONFR ANa PRINTER.
Tel c e phIc PARTRIDGE %*?£
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
Forwarding Agents and public WelKhen. Gen-
eral Storage. Fres and Grain Warehouses. Gen-
eral office. 210 California st. Tel. Main 191*.
WATCHES. ETC.
TI IIMTIY I'— adquarters frr fine Jewelry nnj
• Ll!>i'l is-k. Wedding ninica. 43d st.
WHlTli ASH STEAM COAL.
Mln«d by ttaa
BLACK DIAMOND CUAL MININO CO. at lta
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES.
is tlie Best Coal In the Market.
Pffice aad YarOa— Ma4u Htnvtm
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A PERSONAL MATTER
IF YOU ARE THINKING OF FIXING UP THE HOUSE.
Delightful Patterns— Beauty Spots to Walk
On— at Pleasant Prices.
THE OLD-FASHIONED DAY.ASK INGRAINS, two sides to wear
y. ( ormerly ;o:) 35c
OLD-t-ASH.O.NF.D THREE-PLYS, thick as a board (rorm?rlv ?i.co) 73c
GREAT BIG RUGS, to which the cunning little Japs have given Oriental
colorings and designs, qvis (fonneriy 5i5-oo)..S10.80
OLD DUTCH CARPETS, XXX quality (formerly 4s-) 29c
The Celebrated "FAN TAN" anJ "NAGAYA" MATTINGS
(58.00 quality), a roll, 40 yards $5.98
Out-of-town orders, with dimensions, given special attention.
ART CARPET CO.,
228 POWELL STREET. Near Geary.
I 1 ...COPPER... I !
X Why pay f^vern! per share for copper stork, when you ran buy just as /jj
(•) frnod f.ir n few .■.■nt> per share? Compare our enterprise with those which are of-
■♦- fered in the East at from 12 to {12 a share, and see whirh is best.
d\ THF PARADOX COPPER GOLD MINING COMPANY own* Just as promising
X properties as some of the high-priced stocks offered on the Eastern market and is T
X developing them .tust as fasl as any of them, anil will beat some of them in earn- (•)
V inK dividends T"
X We ar^ asknitr r-nly 15 wntp per share for our treasury sto^k during the month of (•)
® July nur stock is non-assessable and carries no individual liahility. Our company >
4- i« 'in Eood shape financially. [n addition to owning large properties and a lare- (j)
A treasure reserve of stock; we also have a large cash reserve and are pushing develop-
V meni work on four different properties Some of the richest copper ore ever mtn-d -J
A ha.-* been tnken from the veins whlcn we are opening ®
® There Is no large promotion money made out of our jtork. We are orT-»rm<? the +
a stork n you dire. -i Kiving the havers the benefit of insfde retires. Remember our ,-.
% Stock s onlY 115 for each 100 shares, and in 1000 share lots can be r.«u«hr on the ®
%. monthly payment plan of *25 per month on each 1000 shares. Write at once for par- >
® tlculars t0 c B LOWTHER. Mining Exchange, Denver, Colo. %
(•) ®
000000000000000000
% T *? PALACE *-'-"o
'GRAND "°tei,s %
'■ :f SAN FRANCISCO. Q
■ " Connected by a covered passageway. ** :
O 1400 Room?— 900 wi h Bath Attached. **
i O All Under One Management 0
0 NOTE TEE PRICES: O
! 0 European Plan. 9 1.00 per day and upward O
-. American Plan. $3.00 per dayjtnd upward A
I O Correspondence Solicited. W
| 0 JOHN 0. EIBKFATRIOE. Kuagtr. O
000000000000000000
m&£ VITALIS
M^?is^^_. THE NEW
istosv. _*i-^»sl / tl& m CDC II OiI
art* iou. nay. •._ "%ZZ 7? rncnunii
yitalss 90U>Ba * *-. -* Drucnv
rnoprcES thf above sothiviy. It In In
! RESULTS. It quickly 4 surely removes Nervousness, Impottncy,
Nightly Kmissions, Evil Draains Wasting Diseases and all ffecte
of self-abuse or excess and indiscretion. Restores Lett Vitality,
Power and Falling Memory. Wards iff Insanity and Consump-
tion. Cures when all others fall. Insist on having VITAI,IS,
no other. Can be carried in th« vest pocket. By mail $1.00
per package or six for 95.00 with a guarantee to Cure or
refund the Money. Circular Free. Address
♦JAl.l MKT CUR£ CO., 884 Dearborn St., rhjeag*
Bold by Owl Drug Co., 3aldwln Pharmacy.
W. J. Bryan (two stores), Crant Drug Co., In
Oakland by Owl Drug Co.
IMCTOXAIT* A wwicre* vitality
VMM LOST VIGOR.
■■ AND MANHOOD
Cures Impotency Night Emissions and wasting
diseases, all effects of sc li-abuse, or excess and
indiscretion. A nerve/tonic and blood'builder.
Brings the pink glow to pale "heaks and re>
stores the fire of youth. By mail 500 per
boii 6 boxes for $2.50; with a written
guarantee to cure or refund the money
ijcrcifa medic*! Co., CHntcn « Jackson its., Ghl«33.
E. — Baldwin & Co.. Druggists. S Market. S. F.
■ - i«tfflSsßtTL?ij j W B 'S 6ls a non-pomonoas
t^^BV^^^iH remedy for Gonorrhoea.
ygfflpjQ^CCitEb^tfa '■'.■■'■•, SpermatorrhdZ
SSPf la ' to 5 aars.^l Whites, unnatural .ii*.
Jjfifm GaaranteeJ (| charges, or any inflnmmft-
ft«tW not to ntrieiure. tir>n, irritation or ulceril-
- "^Prerenu eont»glon. tion of mucous n>*m-
&JX«THEEvANSCHEMiriino. Cranes. Non-astringent.
li#£i Sold by I>pu k»'«*s
SSk V?- a 3aH or '' I!t ia P la n wrapper.
J^SSmt^ Jj&fQ i' '"■■>'"''■■■'■ Prepaid, fat
'<MMI!K« 0 I 1 .- 0 "- or 8 bottles, 12.74.
m Utr^i ■ Circular tent on imtvSk
KAILKOAD TRAVEL.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAT IN THE TEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
1 FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. M.
DINING ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR.
FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL. SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. 623
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE. Main 1531.
OAKLAND OFFICE, HIS Broadway.
I SACRAMENTO OFFICE, 201 J street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE. 7 W. Santa Clara street.
\ NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
llpsT Vl* ItuaUtt Parry.
Commencing April 2'i, 1839.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO, »8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.
i •1:45, 3:20. 4:00, 5:15, »6:6. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Monday's. Wednesdays, Saturdays
I and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *B:OO. •'.•:■■'>, *10:00, 11:00, 11:30
a. m.; 1:00, *1:45, *2:30. *4:00, 6:i>, 6:43 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Raf'l Sundays
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— C:2S. »6:40. 7:55, 8:40. «10:20
a. m. 12:30, 1:16. *3:40, 4:35; 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO. »8:00, '9:45. "10:45, '11:45
a. m. ; 1:00, 2:20, "3:30. '5:15, *6:00, 7:00. 10.
p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 8:50. 7:55. 8:55, 10:3;
a. m.: 12:35, 2:45. 4:55, 5:20 p. m.
j EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
I and Saturdays, at 7:00. 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:00, 11:10 a. m. : 12:05.
I 1:20 2:40. 3:55, 5:30. S:80, 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'r.s.
3:20 p. m. Sat'.irrlayo— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
6:15 P. m. week days Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Can.idero and. way sta'ni.
; 1:45 p. m. Sundays -Pt. Hpyes ami way ntn'ns.
i THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 18. 1889. trains will run — folUnrw
', " South-bound. I North-bound.
|_Ben- Mixed. Mire*. Pasaei»»
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Daily. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Dally.
rf> — — — — — — — — — -
{:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 8:46 pm 6:00 pm
:10 am 1:05 pm Merced U:« pm 4:13 pro
; 10:40 am 5:35 pm Fresno 8:80 ami 2:42 pro :
I 11:38 am 7:45 pm Hanford T:45 am 1:45 pm
I 1:16 pm 12:30 am B&kersfleld 1: 00 am 11:00 am
1 11:59 am 6:25 pm, VUalla 1:40 am 1:22 pm
tt:ls pm 6:53 pm| Tulare 6:60 am 1:05 pm
"Btoppinir at Intermediate points as required.
Tot particulars of stage and other connection*
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Of Ace, Ml Marks!
*trc*t. Ban Francisco.
MVUAI' 'a'AAlAl*HAl«> &C£Mw KAILVMt
Leave San Francisco, via r.tui>siiiu.'°. Verryj
Commencing SUNDAY, April 23. 1593.
WEEK DAYS,' 9:30 a. m. and 1:43 p. m.
£,xtra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur-
day at 6:15 p. m., Returning Same Even-
ings, Arriving in S. F. at 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS. 8. 9. 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45. 2:30
and 4 .>. m. .
Fare. S. F. to Summit and Return. $1 40.
THOS. COOK & SON, Agts., C2l Market st.
BAILEOAD TRAVEL^
willllKin PACIFIC I'OHPAKT.
(PACIFIC HViSTKM.)
Trains lt>i»*«- mul arc tine to ;ti «■!*«■ MS
MAN Flt.4N*:iN« «>.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
LEAVE — From June 25, 1899. — arri
7:OOa Benioia, .Suiguo »nd Sacramento.... 5:43?
?:UOa Maryaville, Orovilleand Redding via
Woodland 5:43p
7:00 a Klrolra, Vacaville and Rnmsey S:43p
7:30 a Martinez, Sau Ramon, Vallejo. Kapa,
(JaJistcga and Santa Rosa 6: 1 lip
BiOOa Atlantic Express, < ii-u and Kast.. li:|.ti
MiIIOa Sau .lose, Livermore, .Stockton,
lone, Sacramento, Placerville,
Murysvill.-. Chico, KedUlnir 4:15p
H>Boa •Milton, Oakdaleand Honora 4:15p
8:3Oa Yosemlte Valley via Oakdale and
Chinese 4tlsp
0:00 a Haywards, Niks and Way Stations. 1 1:43 a,
9:00 a. Martinez, Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton,
Merced an') Fresno 12:15f
DiOOa Fresno, Uakerstield, -Santa ]l»rl>ara,
Los Angeles, Deming, El Paso,
New Orleans and East 6:45f
10:00 a Vallcjo, Martinez ami Way Stations 7:4."»p
1 1 :OOa Haywardg, NUes and Way Stations. 2: 45p
12:00k Kilts. Llrermore, Stockton, Bacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Visalia.
Porterville 4:15f-
•IiOOp Sacramento lUver Steamers *»:O«p
8:00p Haywards, Niles and Way Stations. 5:437-
-4MMif> Martinez, Sail Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Callatoga, Santa Uosa Vila*
4i««f Bonicia, Vacaville, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing.
Marysvllle, 0r0Ti110. . . ; I 0:4-1 «
4i3op Niles, San Jose and Stockton 7:l»p
4:30p Yosemite Sleeping Car for Raymond 12:15f
a:OOpTbo Owl. Tracy, Fresno. Bakers-
field, Saugus for Santa Barbara.
Los Angeles 0:43 a
B:30r Stockton, Merced, Fresno 12:13?
B:ttOp Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
Mojave and Los Angeles B<4riA
SiSOp Santa Fo Houte, Atlantic Impress
for Mojave and Kast 0:43?
•i«Or Chlca«o-San FrandscoSpeclaLOgtlen
and Kast 8»45p
6:00p Haywards, Niles and San Jose 7:45 a,
•6ioor Vaf lejo 1 2 : 1 3 p
?>OOi> Oregon Kx|>reBs,Hacraineuto, Marys-
% 111--. Reeling, Portlaml. l'ngct
.Sound anil Kast 7:4.1 a
, }»x«Or Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions }lO:*Op
COAST DIVISION (Harrow Chmge).
; ■ (Foot of Market Street.)
J7:43a Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cnu and Principal Way Stations !8:0!iy
BjlsANewark,Centervillp, San Jose, Felton,
Bonlder Creek, Santa Oroz and Way
Stations SiSOr
•SilSf Newark, Centerrille, Ban Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations "10:50*
4:1B> San Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions 9:20 a
Mi Felton, Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
tions / 0:2 a,
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SIS mKCISCO— Toot of Market Street (Slip —
•7:16 9:00 11:00 a.m. 11:00 *3:00 (3:00
•4:CO JB:03 •6:00 p.m.
FromOAIURD— Foot of Broidwaj.— "6:00 8:00 10:00 a. M.
tl2:00 »1:OQ t2:00 *3:03 ti:QO -s:Ggl'.M.
COAST DIVISION (Rroail (Jange).
(Third and Townaetul Stg.)
•6:1Oa Ocean View, South San Francisco.. *0:80p
*7:00 a San Joso ami Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) *8:O0a
; t7:30.\ Sunday Fxcuraion for Santa Cruz,
Pacific Grove and Principal Way
Btations J*:3sp
9iot)A Han .lose, Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz,
Paclllo Grove. Paso Rubles, San
Luis Olilspo, Surf, Lompoc and
Principal Way Stations 4>lOp
lOi4Oa San Jose mid Way -Stations oiB3a
11:3Oa San Jose and Way Stations It3op
•Bi4sp San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Pulo Alto, Santa Clara. San Jose,
Hollieter, Santa Cm*. Salinas,
Monterey mid Pacific Grove *10:36 a,
•Bt3op San Jose. Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove
and Princiral Way Buttons •7:30f
•4 : 1 San Jose ami Principal Way .stations »:43\
•5:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations *S:33a
Si!lOp San.Tnße and Principal Way Stations «9:00 a
fl::iOt> San Jose and Wayfitatimis 5:30p
• f11:43r San Jose and Way Stations t7:3Op
A for Morning. 1* for Afternoon
•Sunday excapted t Sunaay only. t Saturday only.
bSaXordav and Sunday. /Sunday and Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN ET. CO.
HiHiSSEIE]
SAI FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlborem Perry. Foot Market 6t.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN KAFAEU
HVEKK DAT&-7:30. 1:00 U:00 a. m.; 11:3 V
1:80, 6:10, 1:10 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturday*— trip* it IJA
and 11:30 p. m.
•UNDAYS— »^O, 11:00 a. m. I**. (J*.
6:00, 6.30 p. m.
BAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
9TE.KK DAYS— 4.IO, 7:60, 8.20, 11:10 a. m.; U:OL
1:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trip* M
1:68 and 1:36 p. to.
|UNDAT&-I:M. 9:40, UU» a. m. ; 1:40. 1:40, »i«U
6:28 p. m. $
Between San Francisco and Schuetien Park
yam a schedule at above. '
Leave Arrive
Ban yranclaco. In Effect San Francisco*
_ April 16. —
Week Sun- 1&99. Sun- Week
Pays. day*. Destination. days. Days.
T:3O am 8:00 am Nuvato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
|:K0 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:06 pm 10:25 an*
1:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Koea. 7:36 pm 6:20 put
Fulton,
fas am Windsor, ' 10:29 am
Healdsburs.
Lytton.
Oeyßervllle,
1:80 pm 8:00 am Oloverdale, T:«8 ptn «:S) pm
T:80 am Hopland and 10:25 axa
1:80 pm 8:00 am Uklab. 7:83 pm 6:20 pra
_ . _^______ '
1:80 am 10:25 am
8:60 am OuernevlU*. 7:16 pm
1:80 pm 6:20 pm
T:M am 8:60 am Sonoma 10:44 am 8:40 am
and
1:10 pm 5:80 pm Glen Elian. I 6:06 pm 6:20 pm
mi .  j . m
T:SO am 8:00 am Bebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:20 pm 5:00 pm . | 7:33 pm 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Wei)
Bprlngs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skagga
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Spring*.
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for VichJJ
Bprlni?E. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Pomo^
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley'e,
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllla.
Booneville, Phllo. Christine, Soda Springs,,
Navarro, Whltesboro, Albion, Little River,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg,
Westport, Uial. Willltts. Laytonvllle, Cum*
tnlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen'a. Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets a|
reduced rate*. .
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office*. 65« Market St.. Chronicle Mite,
H. C. WHITINO. R. X. RYAN,
'..General Manager. Qeo. Pass. Agent,
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD
FITMMART OF THE MARKETS.
Silver lower.
Wheat and Barley futures advanced.
Other ■•• ale dull.
Hay and Feedstuffa motionless.
■Beans and Heeds unchanged.
Wheat freights firmer.
.Potatoes firm and In demand.
Onion? and Vegetables plentiful.
Two cars of Eastern poultry here.
Butt r and Eggs In liberal supply and Flow.
I-arger arrivals of Apricots and Peaches^
More Evaporated Apples from the East.
Oral . quiet and Lemons lower.
Hams Hill active and firm.
Wool continues to advance.
Hoi 1 * firmly held.
Hides quiet.
Meat market unchanged.
'■'• Canned goods active and Btlft.
' '. Oils unchanged.
*••. {Smaller stocks of Quicksilver.
■••THE MIDSUMMER GRAIN HOLIDAY.
..The Produce Exchange yesterday voted to ad
journ from Saturday, July 1, to Wednesday,
■Jiily'rp, ov.:r the Fourth.
QUICKSILVER SUPPLY.
.- .
' The imports of quicksilver into London for
the. four months ending May 1. 1599, were.
27,052 flasks, while for the same period in IS9S
they were liT.SP.i llasks, indicating a diminution
in the stock on hand lor these lour months of
about 11,003 ;iasks. '
DRIED FRUIT IN NEW YORK.
Mafi advices from New York say:
1:. prunes the interest is limited to the crop
reports and the indications of this year's yield.
Each-one who visits the producing sections has
a different story to tell, but there is substantial .
BK"ee:nont In the statement that the European ]
crop is a virtual failure, anil that the yield of
Washington and Oregon will be greatly re
duced. It remains, therefore, fur California
iin.l Srvia to supply the- bulk of the demand j
'-thrdujjhout the world this year, latest reports '
from. Servian dated s^'ir.e two months ago, are j
; tp "the- effect that the output this year is likely j
to.'be' smaller than last ear, though a fair :
•■ylt:ld .was then expected. The California, crop |
i it said to promise as well as last year, though j
'Hot; ¥i> well as the year before. Prices remain
■ BttJady, but there Is no pressure to sell, even
' though the crop outlook is considered favor-
B-Ue,
. ■: 'Raisins are unchanged. There is little spot
ijetaand, except ere and there seeders ask for
irnali supplies. The trade seems to be well
Supplied for immediate requirements and no
change in the present situation Is expected, j
: Crop reports continue encouraging and dealers |
'anticipate a good yield at favorable prices. ,
There- has been a report in circulation at dif
ferent limes lately to the effect that the asso- I
elation had made prices on the future product,
It Is probably untrue. It will be remembered
Iliac ho opening prices were made Ist season j
until Just before the actual harvest began; and j
that i the association was not then In as pood
condition to control the crop as it is this year.
Most dealers do not expect opening prices for
t-mie weeks yet. .
• •'"'reaches ire unchanged. California will pro
duce more than an average of dried peaches
this year, partly because the crop is larger than
, usual, but more because it will ripen all at the
game time and all methods of preservation will
have to be adopted. There is no spot trading,
but Some inquiry for forward is seen here and
there No opening prices have been made and ]
: Ei<:« one will hint hat they are likely to be.
."The situation In apricots is about the same
f»s at last reports. Opening prices are still to
• be made, and the trade experts them to be
lower than the so-called opening price* made '
by speculative exporters to try the market. j
It Is said that considerable Bales for export \
have been made within the past week at
prices closely ip to the publish*--! opening. No
'further particulars are obtainable."
WEATHER REPORT;
<120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, June 27, 5 p. m.
. The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 60 San Diego .... : •
Prepno 96 Sacramento **
Los Angeles 60 ' independence SO
l(».l Bluff 96 lYuma 100
Ban Luis Obispo .M]
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
74; minimum. :>2: mean, 63.
The pressure has risen slowly over the
northern half of the Pacific Slope. Elsewhere
west of the Rooky Mountains it has remained
nearly stationary. There has been a decided
rise in temperature over nearly all '>: the Pa
cific Slope. Over Central California the tem
pt nature has risen from 12 to 3S degrees.
Conditions are favorable for continued warm
weather In the Interior with fresh northerly
winds, while <>n the coast brisk westerly
winds with fog may be expected.
Forecast made at Kan Francisco for thirty
hMirs ending midnight June 2S, 1599:
Northern California— Fair Wednesday; con
ttnu-M warm weather in the interior, probably
thi 1 beginning of a northern fog with fresh
westerly winds on the coast.
Southern California Fair Wednesday; con
tinued warm weather and northerly winds.
Nevada Fair Wednesday; continued warm
weather.
Utah— Fair Wednesday.
• Arizona — Fair Wednesday.
. San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednesday,
w.ith fog; fresh westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
."• .;' ' Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. June L'7.— The activity of the
buying ot railroad stacks showed some falling
oft. in the. course of to-day after a notably
active opening and early buying movements.
Bat the demand rung up again in the last
half hour of the trading in full force and car
ried, prjcea of the railroads to the highest of
the; day. New York Ontral was again the
center ..{ interest in the market and it was
a llnal spurt of V& points in that stock that
pave thr- market its strong close. The last
sale of Central wan at 140%. the highest of the
day, and 2\ 2 above last night's cli -•• The
late buying of the stock was on a very large
scale, blocks of .i thousand shares and up
ward t-howlng quite frequently on the tape
Manhattan was also rushed un in the final
dealings to 116' ion the announcement of the
closing of contracts, I iking to the chance to
elec-tric motive power. The bull leaders were
evidently In a concerted effort to make final
prices of the day the highest. The separation
of: the trading in the railroads and industrial
ptocks was not quite so sharp as yesterday
Federal steel was conspicuous at the opening
for, an advance of 1% on the dismissal of the
injunction against the payment of the dlvi
n*nd declared on the common stock. Denials
from official sources that any labor trouble
was impending among the etrnet railway em
ployes in Greater .New York also gave an
upward tendency to Hrooklyn Transit and
steel and wire showed some sympathy with
Federal steel, since the directors ot that com
pany had assigned the injunction against the
Federal Steel Company as a reason for not
declaring a dividend on their common stocks
rugar also was disposed to move upward But
the early prices in the steel stocks were the
best of the day and in none of the industrial
stocks were last prices the best. The weak
ness of the specialties and the hardening ten
dency in the money market continued until
the final .upward spurt. The movement in
New \ork Central separated itself more from
other members of the Vanderbllt group than
was the case yesterday and the assertions of
the bull traders that the buying was for ac
count, of insiders was given color by the Dres
ence in the street by W. K. Vanderbllt an
. pvent always made much of by the bulls 'The
Jncreased speculative activity can hardly fail
to add to the already unfavorable bank re-
i u ™ r " r- ? au V diiy - ln ■.■.:.: Bold exports of
17.500.000 already engaged will have to figure
The heavy dividend and interest obligations to
be met on July 1 will also make hfavy"tem
porary demands on the money market.
The bond market showed Increased "activifv
and strength in sympathy with stocks Total
eales par value, $2,327,000 ' XOLa - 1
in'the'bVprice. ** advanced hi and the 3s %
r,7!"\ t0^ :l1 saleß ot stocks to-day amounted to
631,900 shares, including: American Steel 13 -
2'n>; • American Sugar. 30.300: Atchison, ' (400 ■
Atchli preferred, 22. £00; Brooklyn Transit'
Jl.JOO; Burlington. 25.000; Continental Tobacco
J4,10»; Federal i?teel. 14,0 "■; do preferred 3000*
Louisville and Nashville, 10.100; Manhattan'
X.200; Northern Pacific, preferred. 3900- Peo
ple's Gas. 6000; Heading, first preferred. '16 500
ttock Island. .'.3.100; St. Paul, 500; Union Pa
wflc/-. 12,700; Union Pacific, preferred, 19 500
£&£*£? !; re^t Western, 4400; Metropolitan.'
2SP : " M. X & T. preferred. 6100; Missouri Pa
cine. 9400; New York Central, 35.5C0; North
western. 50f>0; Omaha, 3000; Pennsylvania 14 -
B<X>; Tennessee Cool and Iron. 1500.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson 18% St Paul 129
'*■" I 1' I 57V» do pref 173
Bait & Ohio 67 St V& Om !i<)9%
Cnn Par 98% do pref 170
Can Southern 65% Am Smelting 36H
''■■■'■ Pac 52 do pref S4Vi
'-««! & Ohio 25% So Railway 11
Chi-.& Alton 150 do prof .... r,0%
'■ B .v Q 133% Tex & Pac ..'.'.'.'.'.'. 19%
Chi &E 111.. :: : . Union Pao 42%
..do pref 120 do pref 77>4
'"•! ') W 14 : Nor & Wsn pf 88% I
Chi I.nd ft L  9 | Wabash .... i%\
Co "pref 33 I do pref 20' i i
Cfc! & N \V 162% 'Wheel ALE new. 9 i
«O. prof 186 ; do pref L.:" s j
C C : C &St L.... 57% Express companies— j
Ao pref &S Adams Ex Hi)
Bd '& Hudson 120% Amcr Ex 135 .
Dm L <fc W 170 Adams States 110 i
& Hudson 120% Amer Ex 135
I. .\ W 17" Vnlted States 47 [
Den ! A- R O 21% Wells-Fargo 123 '
. ©o pr.ef 77 j Miscellaneous —
«r*».. new 12% Am Cot Oil 36%
■•■.•• to Ist pref 85 ' do pref U2\i
Ft Wayne IS4 Am Spirits 6?,
at. Nor pref 166 do pret .i"'*.
11l .Cent 114 Am Tobacco ai
L .E, & W 16 do pref 139
"do pref 67% Con Osh 188%
!/«'!{» Shore 206 Com Cable C 0. ....173
Ixjuls A.- Nash 68% Colo F & Iron 45
'Manhattan L 116% do pref 107
Met St rty -..227% Gen Electric 118%
Mich Cent 113 Haw Com Co 110 i
Minn & St L 54 j Federal Steel CO
do Ist prer 04 ' do pref 81%
Mi Pac 42% | Internatl Paper ... 47%
Mobile & Ohio .... 39 1 do pret >
Sin X & T 12 ILaclede Gas f'2'i
do pref 34%] Lead 29U
N -F Cent 117' ■ do pref 111%
N V Cent 1411 " [Brooklyn R 1 1154
N V C & St L 14 I Nat Lin Oil 3
d ' Ist pref 71 Pac Mail 47%
do 2d pref 32 People's Gas li:<>,
Northwest 194 Pullman Palace... 159
No Amer Co ir . Silver certs ... CO%
No Pacific 484 Stand R .<• Twine. 7",
do pref 77 : Sugar 1634
Or.t & W ■:>■■'■■ do pref 117%
Or Nay pref 69 TC & Iron 64
Pao Coast 37 IUS Leather 5%
Pac Coast Ist pref 82 ! do pref 6' p '«
' do 2d pref 50 ll' S Rubber h?\
1 Plttsburg 184 ! do pref 117
H-ading 2014 -"West Union 69%
do Ist prof 60% ' Am St & Wire Co fS's
, ROW 33 i do pref M
,»o rref 78 Con Tobacco -" ] \
| Rock Island 114%' do pref 704
! St L & s F 10% Colo Southern .... '•'%
d . pref 70 do let pref 44
i do 2d pref 36%! do 2d pref 18
St L & S W 124 Nat Steel pref 90
do pref 32'ij Anaconda 3%
So Pac Si",
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s reg 100% M X & T 2ds 67%
do 3;; 1084 do 4s 94
do 3s coup 10S% X V Cent Ists ....115%
V s new 4* reg-..1294 X J Cent gen 55...12^ 1 ,i
do coup 1294 X Carolina Cs 127
r s old 4s reg 1124 do 4a 104
do coup 113% INo Pac lots 113
V S 5a reg 112UI do 3s 67
do coup 112% j do 4s 1464
District 3-6r.s IP.) !X V (' & St L .107%
i Ala class pfd m'-MNorf & W con 45.. 95
Ala class R 110 do Ken Cs 134
do class C 100 Or Nay lsts 114
do currency 100 do 4s 105 4
Atchison gen 45....102«6 : Or Short Line 65..182
do adit 4s 84 \ do con 6a 175
Can So 2ds 1114 Reading gen 45.... 91%
1 'h< & Oh! 4>-s.. 93 |R <'> West lsts 101
i do 5a ....116 st L & 1 M con r.5.111
| Chi <£■ NW con 75. 144 St 1. & S F gen Gs 126%
i uo S F deb ;,5. .'..122 1 -. St Paul cons 171
Chi Terminal 45.T.102U St )' C .v Pac lsts. 124
1) & R G lsts ....106 I do 6a 124
do I- 103'iiSo Railway 5s 111%
}: TVa & 'lit lsts.lo6 si R & Twine 65.. M
I Erie gen 4- ;■:■ I Term new Bet os pf 99 .
Ft W& D City Ist S2 Tex & Pac — 114
Gen Electric 55.. ..119 do 2ds 54%
G H & S A Cs 112 iL'ninn Far 45..-. 1084
do 2ds 110 VN'abash lsts 117
H & T C ;.s 112 do 2ds 99%
do 6s 113 West Shore 4s 117
lowa Cent lsts .. ..113U.1 Wls Cent lsts .... 78
KCP &i! lsts... 60 Vn Cent 86
La new cons 4s 103 do deferred 8%
L & Nash unl 4s 98% Colo So 4s 88%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 32 Ontario 7 50
Crown Point 30 Ophlr 133
Con Cal & Va...... 2 50 1 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 3 Quicksilver 1 90
Gould & Curry 35 Do prefd SOO
Hale & Xorcross... 35' Sierra Nevada S5
Homestake 60 OOi Standard 2 00
Iron silver 57 Union Con 45
Mexican 6S| Yellow Jacket 43
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— • Union Land 8%
Call loans 3@4 West End 95
Time loans S@44 Westingh Elec ...494
Stocks— Bonds—
A T & St Fe ISnlAtchlson 4s 101 Vi
Di prefd 57 s s i Mining Shares—
Amer Suirar 1534 Adventure ? v i
Do prefd US " Allouez Mm C 0.... S
Bell Tel 349 Atlantic 31 I*.1 *.
Boston .v Albany. 27S Boston & Mont — 335
Boston I, 110 Unite & Boston .. 76
Boston a.- Maine. ".ls>l& Calumet & lleela..7So
Chi Bur & Q 134 "Centennial 534
Ed Flee II! 200 Franklin 174
Fitchburg, prefd ..117 Osceola 844
Gen Electric IIS Parrott 51
Federal Steel 60 jQuincy 150
Do prefd M '» Santa Fe Copper.. 11
Mich Tel M' 2 Tamarack 205
Old Colony 203 Winona 14
Old Dominion .... 37% Wolverines 44
Rubber 534 Utah 424
Union Pacific 424
LONDON FINANCIAL MARKET.
NEW YORK, June 27.— The Commercial Ad- [
vertiser's London financial cablegram says: !
The markets here were very heavy with the
opening on Mr. Chamberlain's bellicose speech
on the Transvaal, but they rallied later on
second thought that his declarations were
emphatic that President Kruger will have no !
alternative but to surrender. Business was j
Black, but the final tone was fairly good. |
Americans hesitated early, but the country
bought Louisville and Nashville, causing a re
covery, and the dose was at the best on New-
York support. There was more activity in j
this department than there has been lately.
The features were Louisville and Nashville. St. j
Paul and Atchison Issues. Tintos were 44U. I
Anacondas i" T , and money was In good de
mand.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific, 100%: Northern Pacific
preferred, 79 ',; Union Pacific preferred. 79;
Atchlson, I- 1 .. Grand Trunk. 7" d ; Anaconda.
1076. Bar stiver steady, 27 11-16 d per ounce. !
Money, 2®2U per cent.
STOCK MARKET IN BERLIN.
BERLIN, June 27.— Mine shares were quiet i
on the Bourse to-day.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. June 27.— FLOUR— Receipts, ;
18,839 barrels; exports, 15.274. Steadier on the
up turn in wheat.
WHEAT Receipts, 247,275 bushels; exports,
182, G65. Spot firm; No. 2 red, Sic. f. o. b.
afloat; No 2 red, 78% c elevator; No 1 North- |
crn Duluth, 81% c, f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard
Duluth, 55Vic, f. O. b. afloat to arrive. Op
tions opened weak in sympathy with English
cables, but soon developed bullish tendencies,
which resulted later In a strong advance. Buy
ing motives were found in export transactions, I
bullish Russian crop news, predictions of di
minishing receipts, larger clearances and lim
ited offerings. The close was firm at V- net
advance. July, 7v v i!ti7u ic, closed 79% c; Sep
tember. 7^V'~ ; ' 7-16 c. closed 7av;c; December",
79 7 4<&51c, closed !>0?&c.
HOPS— Quiet,
HIDES—
METALS— Trade In metals was dormant to-;
day and price variations were unimportant. In- i
formation from primary points as well as from
the European markets was featureless and !
without influence. At the close the Metal Ex
change called:
PIG IRON— Warrants, entirely nominal at
$13 50.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged at $13 bid and
SIS 50 asked.
! TlN— Barely steady, with $26 bid and $26 10
I asked.
LEAD— Quiet and unchanged, with $4 46 bid
and $4 60 asked. The brokers" price for lead
is $1 25 and for copper $1S 25@U 50.
SPELTER— and nominal at 6.25 c.
BESSEMER PIG IRON is quoted to-day at
! $20 a ton in the Mahonlng Valley and In Pitts- I
| burg the price is $20 75. This is an advance •
jof 100 per cent in six month* and $2 a ton
higher than last week.
COFFEE— Options closed quiet, unchanged
! to five points higher. Sales. 8000 bags. Includ
i ing July, $4 60; August, $4 70; September, $4 80
1 j>4 S5. Spot Coffee — Rio dull, but about steady;
mild, quiet.
SUGAR— Raw steady at decline; fair refin
ing, 4 l-16c: centrifugal, 96 teat, 4 9-16 c; refin
ed, firm and active.
BUTTER— Receipts, 17.659 packages. Steady: I
Western creamery, 15%fnsVic; factory, 12@14c. I
EGGS— Receipts, 12,205 packages. Firm;
Western, 14%515c; Southern, 9@llc.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, June 27.— California dried
fruits steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES-C<g6'4c; prime
wire tray, S'i'SSMiC; choice, BVi<&B%c; fancy,
BS9Vic.
PRUNES-3M'S3VJc.
APRICOTS— Royal, 14c: Moorpark, 14018 c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 10@13c.
EXPORTS OF SPECIE.
NEW YORK, June 27.— steamer St. Paul
sailing for Europe to-morrow will take out
' 375,000 ounces of silver. The National City
Bank shipped to Europe to-day $2,550,000 in
gold.
AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK. June 27.— Special cable and
telesraphlc advices to Bradstreet's indicate
th.- following changes In available supplies
last week:
Wheat— United states ami Canada, east of
the Ko, kles (Liverpool com Trade News), In
crease, 933,000 bushfls.
Afloat for and in Europe, Increase, GOO. COO
bushels; total supply, increase, 1,433.000 bush
elf.
<■< m—U nited States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, Increase, 694,000 bushels.
Oatc United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease, 1.081.000 bushels.
The aggregate stook of wheat held at Port
land, Or., and Tacoma and Seattle, Wash.,
decreased 273.J00 bushels last week.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, June 27.— The action of wheat at
the opening and for a short time after was
anything but encouraging to the bulls. There
was the name story of weal: English and Con
tinental markets, and the same reports of heavy
receipts at primary points that caused wheat
In the past week to break B cents. The open
ing in September was at 7?. l^'Tr73 l V. compared
with yesterday's dosing price of 74'?745c. Th e
liquidation for a time was heavy, holders of
July options being especially prominent In the
.-,. UinC and a lurth<-r decline to 73Hc took place.
This proved to be the bottom, however, and
the stubbornness with which the market re
sisted any further paring of the pric«- gave the
first ray of encouragement to the bulls. Buy
ing against puts stopped the decline and moder
ate covering by shorts resulted in a gradual
advance to 73% c. Before Boon buying was ln
creas<-d by advices from the Northwest that
receipt-- at tli^ two big receiving points will
probably show a material falllnp off next week.
Too much rain was reported in the West and
Northwest. September advanced s-teadlly to
74' i- and was bringing 74^-c at the close.
The market for corn was quiet but firm,
mainly <-n yesterday's large cash business. Sep
tember gained ' t 'it\c.
oats were dull but steady. There wa» a
good demand from the country and from shorts.
September closed He higher.
Provisions were firm, largely on the heavy
TIIE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, AVEDXESDAY, JUNE 28, 1899.
shipping business, and prices ruled a trifle
I higher. Possibility of a spread of the stock
yards strike was a bull factor. At the close
September pork was .V higher, lard 2 1 ,j@5c
higher and ribs 2V"> higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
July 71% 72% 71% 724
September 73% "44 73% 74'j
December 75 "6 74% 76
Corn No 2 —
July 34 34% 3374 34%
September 34 1 ; 34% 34>i 33Ts
December 33» 34 33% 33 7 8
■ Oats No. 2— : '•
July 24% 25 24% 24%
September 214 21% 214 21%
May 23% 23 7 8 23% 23%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
July 8 124 8 224 S 124 8 17%
September 8 32% 840 8 324 8 37%
Lard, per 100 lbs—
July 5 024 505 5 024 5 02%
September 5 12% 520 6 12% 5 17%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
July 4 72% 475 4 72% 4 72%
September 4 &5 4 90 4 S5 4 57%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
ea*y; No. 3 spring wheat, 69@72c; No. 2 red,
7- *"c; No. 2 com, 34% c; No. 2 oats. 26'i@26%c:
No. 2 white. 29% c: No. 3 white, 27@29c: No. 2
rye. 61c; No. 2 barley, 3Sff4oc; No. 1 flaxseed.
$1 02; prime timothy seed, 12 40: mess pork, per
bbl, J7 40@8 20; lard, per 100 lbs, $4 96@0 05;
short ribs sides (loose), $4 53ijrl SO; dry salted
shoulders (boxed), $5@5 25; short clear sides
(boxed), $3(&5 10; whisky, distillers' finished
goods, per gal, $1 26.
Articles — • Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 42.000 11,000
Wheat, bu 214,000 84.000
Corn, bu 828,000 239,000
Oats, bu 371.000 156,000
Rye. bu 7,000
I Barley, bu 23,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was llrm. Creameries, 134@lSc; dairies,
10@12%c. Cheese, firm, 8%@8%c. Eggs, steady:
fresh, 12c.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 5 9% 5 11% C 04
Closing 5 S% 6 11% 6 0%
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— June. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 19 95 20 70
Closing 13 90 20 7i>
Flour—
! Oj.enlnß 42 90 2S 50
Closing 42 75 28 45
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. June 27.— CATTLE— The demand
for cattle was good to-day and sales were at
steady prices. The proportion of choice beeves
1 was rather small. There was an active de
; mand for calves at good prices. Good to fancy
: beeves sold at }"■ 10i@5 65; commoner grades
; bringing .*4 " ■/'• 05; feeding cattle sold at
?3 50!&5; hulls, cows and heifers at $2®5 10. the
latter price for choice heifers. Western steers
1 sold at $4 7 ''(,"■ 50, Texans at ?4@5 10 and calves
! at $4 ."'!>•..■ 7 50.
HOGS— Fear of trouble Rt the stock yards
was reflected in the comparatively small ar
rivals of hogs. The demand was slow early
but Improved later and steady prices prevailed.
Light hogs Bold at $3 60frj3 85; mixed lots at
$3 6003 824. and heavy at $3 4.".'.; 3 824. Pigs
I sold at $3 25@3 75 and culls at $1 50<K"3 40.
SHEEP — There was an active demand for
sheep and lnmbs at prices generally unchanged
from yesterday. Sheep sold at J2 sft§3 50 for
culls up to $5-175 30 for the best flocks. Year
lings brought $5 2."5/6 25, clipper lambs J5 W@
1 6 50 and spring lambs $5@7 25.
Receipts— Cattle, 3000; hogs, IS, 000; sheep,
9000.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, June 27.— wool market shows
Increased strength this week, anil general
prices have been advanced. The Territory
wools, fine medium and fancy wool, are now
quoted at 4.'.(&"45 c, while for Australian good
lots 50c is quoted.
Fleece wools are feeling the effect of .the
strength of the market, and although sales
jet rule moderate the prices have advanced a
little. Australian wools hold t|rm and buyers
are forced tc pay higher prices. Quotations:
Territory wools— Montana and Dakota fine
medium and fine. 14<g)17c; scoured, 46@48c; sta
ple. Me; Utah, Wyoming, fine medium and
fine, 14f?16Vic; scoured. 45@47c; staple, 50c;
Idaho fine medium and fine, 18@16c; scoured,
4r.1l 47c.
Australian wools— Scoured basis: Combing-.
superfine, 76®78c; good, 73@75c; average, 7m.,
72c.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON. June 27.— The fourth series of the
wool sales opened here with a large attendance.
The bidding for crossbreds was brisk, with the
home trade showing an unusually strong desire
for this trade. A small supply of Cape of
Good Hope and Ratals met with a strong de
mand and greasy snow whites improved 5 per
cent. There were no American buyers present.
The series is scheduled to close July 10. The
offerings to-day numbered 12.152 bales.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
CHICAGO, June 27.— California fruit sold to
day
Tragedy Prunes— Average $1 56: Burbank
Plums, average $1 43; Royal Apricots, $1 20®
1 30. average $1 23.
NEW YORK, June 27.— California fruit sold
to-day:
Tragedy Prunes, 7".c<Ssl 60, average $1 20; Si
monl. 65c@$l 40, average 86c; Burbank Plums.
75eig$l 95 average 99c; Alexander Peaches, $Kn
1 25', average $1 16; B. Gifford Pears, crates,
average $1 45; Clyman. 60@95c, average 79c;
Royal Apricots. 50c(g$l 40, average Sic.
PORTLAND' S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or.. June 27.— Clearings, $257,
--497; balances, $55,758.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
I'ORTLAXr, Or., June — WHEAT — Buy-
Ing In the local market was on a limited
scale, and about the best quotation obtainable
was 68c for Walla Walla and 59c for Valley,
with bluestem nominally 61@62c. There were
reports of prices 1 1 ri 1 1 y in excess of these
flcures being paid in the interior, but some of
the exporters expressed themselves as In
different about doing business even at 680 for
Walla "Walla,
WASHINGTON*.
TACOMA. June There was a fall of half
a cent in -wheat to-day with closing prices at
clut), 5Sc; bluestem, 61c.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, June 27.— Consols, 107%; silver,
27 11-16 d; French rentes, lOlf 15c.
Wheat cargoes off coast, buyers withdrawn;
1 cargoes on passage, more offering; English'
country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL, June 27.— Wheat, dull; No. 1
Standard California, 6s l«i 6s 3d; wheat In
Paris, firm; Hour in Paris, firm; French country
markets, quiet; weather in England, cloudy.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 5-16 d.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL. June WHEAT— No. 2 Red
Western, dull, 5s 11 %d; No. 1 Red Northern
Duluth, 'lull. 6s llVfc'i; futures steady, July.
5a B%<i; September, 5s ll^id; December, 6s %d.
CORN— Mixed spot, old, quiet, 3h . r '' 4 d; futures
quiet, July, 3s 4V4d; September, 3s 5»4d.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter dull, Bs.
Receipts of wheat for the past three days,
239,000 centals. Including 99,000 centals Ameri
can.
Receipts of American corn for three days,
109,700 centals. Weather cloudy and dry.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 86%
Sterling Exchange, sight...: — 4 88%
Sterling Cables — • 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight — 121$
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Mexican Dollars — 60:J?50%
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60>4
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are firm and In Im
proving demand at 31s 3d@32s 6d, usual options,
with charters at both llgures. The chartered
wheat fleet In port has a registered tonnage of
23,277, against 29,500 tons on the same date
last year; disengaged. 26,400 tons, against
102. 700; on the way to this port, 209,200 tont
against 227,800.
WHEAT— Heavy receipts ■ and foreign ad
vices depressed the Chicago market at the
opening, and heavy rains in the northwest
comprised the only bull news. The opinion
gained ground, however, that the decline had
been overdone, and as liquidation has been
general It was about time for a turn, especi
ally as the local crowd was short. A steadier
tone ensued, and under better local support the
market rallied, only to weaken again under
free selling of July at the better figures.
The local market was quiet on the spot, but
futures did better.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $108^110; milling-.
Jl 12%<31 15.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December —
2Ol'O ctls, $1 17V
Second Session— December— lo,ooo ctls, $1 17%.
Regular Morning Session — December—
ctls, }1 18%; 16,000. $1 18%.
Afternoon Session— December — 4000 ctls,
ctls. Jl 18%; 16,000, }1 isty.
BARLEY — tone of the market is firmer
all around, and there is quite an Improvement
in futures. A ship has been chartered for
Europe.
Feed, new, 88%@92Hc; Brewing:, 96c; old
Brewing, $l<gl 06 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sale*. '
Second December— 6ooo ctls, 87%; Sel
ler '99, new— 4ooo, 86.
Regular Morning Session— Seller '99, new—
2000 ctls, 85%; 12,000, 85%: 4000, 85%; 4000, So%;
2000, sr.«4 . .7i.
Afternoon Session—No sales.
Receipts are too light to make any
market and quotations are nominal. Quoted
at »1 OB@l 15 per ctl for new and ?1 25@1 40 for
old.
CORN— The market is well supplied and dull
Small round Yellow, Jl 3031 35; Eastern large
Yellow, $1 in<ai 12%; White. $1 10@l 15: mixed,
$1 10 per ctl; California White, $1 17 1 2 ! !' l 22%.
RYE— Quiet and nominal at 97%c{j$l per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
California family extras, $3 6003 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40®3 55: Oregon
and Washington, $3 40@3 50 per bbl for extra,
$3 25@3 40 for bakers' and $2 25<g3 for superfine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra cream Cornmeal, $3 2.V Oatmeal $4 6004 "5;
Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy, S3 25®3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, *4@4 25: Cracked Wheat, $3 75:
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. *3 60; Rolled
Oats (barrels). $6 5506 95; in sacks, $6 3.VJ56 75;
Pearl Barley, $i; Split Peas. 54 DO; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Receipts of Hay are comparatively nothing,
but there Is little demand and prices show no
BRAN— SI 6 SO© 17 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— 19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. 513 50JJ20 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at th- mill. ?27@25; Jobbing,
J2S f.P'fi29; Cocoanut Cake, J205721; Cornmeal,
$23 50@24 50; Cracked Corn. $24025; Mixed Feed.
?l.">(ff'l6; Cottonseed Meal. J24'<T2o per ton.
OLD Wheat. $10@ll for good to choice
and .<S(J^ ft for lower grades: Wheat and Oat,
$809 50; Oat, $7(§9; Barley. $6@S; Alfalfa, nomi
nal.
NEW HAY— Wheat. JB@B 50; Wheat and Oat,
1809; Wild Oat, $6 50@S; Barley. Js@7; Alfalfa,
56<57 60 per ton.
STRAW— 25<g50c per bale.
BEAN'S AND SEEDS.
Dealers are quoting a dull and featureless
market r.ll around.
BEANS— Bayos, 51 6001 70; Small White, tiff
2 15; Large White. $1500165; Pinks.- 51 65®
1 85; Rods. 53 40; Biackeye. 34 10<S4 15: Butters,
nominal; Lima*. 53 90@4; Pea, 51 90@2 25; Red
Kidneys. $2 25 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 2%@3c; Flax, nominal; Canary Seed,
2%c per lb: " Alfalfa, 9094 c; Rape, 3@3%c;
Hemp. 4Vi©4%c:iTimothy, 4%06%c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, 51 25®1 50; Green, 51 50
@2 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes continue to bring fine prices, owing
to moderate crops nnd large Government or
ders for the Philippines. Onions are plentiful.
Arrivals of Vegetables are larger and prices
are lower as a rule.
"OTATOES— New Peerless. 51 75«?2: new
rly Rose. SI 60®2; Burbanks, 51 75&2 15 per
iJti on the wharf.
ONIONS— New, 30«3.->c per sack for red and
75986 c per ctl for Silverskins.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, 6Ocosl, per box j
for No. 2, $1 251? 1 50 for No. 1 and 51 73 for
fancy; Rhubarb, 25075 c per box; Green Peas, :
2fi2%c per lb; String Beans. 2©3 c for Green. ■
3©sc for Refugee and 24034 c for Golden Wax;
Horse Beans. 50c per sack: Cabbage, 60c;
Tomatoes. 50c©?l 25 per box: Egg Plant, 6010 c
per lb; Garlic, 2i&3c: Dried Okra, loc per lb; j
Green Peppers, 15c; Chill Peppers, 20@23c; j
Carrots, 30@40c per sack; Sacramento and j
Marysvllle Cucumbers, 40ff165c per box; Bay ■
Cucumbers. 51 250] 60; Summer Squash. 25@30c j
per box for Vacaville and 50075 c for Bay;
Green Corn, 75c05l 25 per Back for Vacaville
and 15(«20c per dozen for Bay.
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Eastern sold at 12tf?13c for Tur
keys, J3 50 for Ducks, tl for Geese, S6 50ffi7 for
Hens. 56 for old Roosters and 14 for Broilers.
Another car is at hand.
Local stock is dull and prices s..ow little
change.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 117/ 13 c for Gob
lers and ll@l3c for Hens; Geese, p"r pair,
H®l X; Goslings, $V<i\ 25; Ducks. M<gs 50 for
old and $4@5 50 for young; Hens. $4 50@5 50;
young Roosters, (6 50® 7 50; old Roosters, f"'i
Fryers, M<S>s; Broilers, $3@3 50 for large.
$2@2 CO for small: Pigeons, $1 50@2 per dozen
for old and fl 2.", id 70 for Squabs.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Kt:gs are quoted excessively dull and dealers
are shading to effect sales, cheese stands the
same. Butter is In large supply, but dealers
keep their Hours reasonably clear by packing.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, ISSJI9c; sec
onds. Kdli'iC
Dairy— Fancy, 177 i lT'-jc; good to choice, 16@
I6MIC; store. 14@15c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. Sc: old. 7%c;
Young America, 9@loc; Kastern, 13@15c.
EGGS Quoted at 14(g16c for store and 17®
is'.,c per dozen for ranch; Kastern. 16@16Hc
for No. l and lt'/i.'e tor sei inds.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The cannera are paying the Following prices:
Peaches, $20 for frees ri -i<l $30 tor clings; Apri
cots, $35@50 per ton, according to size, quality
and distii.-t; liartlett Pears, $40@50 per ton;
■ Green and Yellow Plums, $20 per ton.
Apricots in bulk are in larger supply. though
they still bring fancy prices. Peaches are
coming In more freely again ami are weaken
ing In consequence. Plums are in moderate
receipt and steady. Hut few Pears are com
ing In at the moment. Figs are also in larger
supply. Cherries are almost gone, and cut no
figure now. Crabapples are scarce. There are
plenty of Apples here.
Berries are in good supply, but clean up well.
i 'ranges are quiet and unchanged. Lemons
are in larger supply and lower. Limes are un
changed.
Cantaloupes from Winters gold at $2 per
box.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 35c@$l per large box; Crabapples, 50®
60c per box.
BERRlES— Blackberries, $3-514 per chest;
Strawberries, ?:■'•/*> per chest for pmall and $2 SO
•■■:'. 50 for larg* berries; Raspberries, $3 50^6 per
chest; Logan berries*. $."<i7 per chest.
Seedless Grapes from Yuma, per crate.
Currants, $4 60® 5 50 per chest.
Cherries, 60@86c per box for all kinds.
'J t •■» ti Pears, 4"r''isi per box, according to
siz.\ and 4"ii.".')c ptr basket; Kartletts, $I@l 50
per bos
Figs, 35c f'»r single and 7.VSisl per box for
d. üble layers ■■( black an.! 50c for white.
Apricots, 40@8Sc per box and 4(K'i6'>c per bas
ket for Royals!
Peaches, Ss@7sc per box and 30«i'50c per bas
ket.
Plums. 35<3Wr per box; Prunes, 65@75c per
crate; Peach Plums, $1 2.'. per crate.
Cherry Plums, 2."i0 per drawer.
CITRUS FRUTTS— NaveI Oranges. $1 60©3 50
per box; Seedlings. $l'.il 50; Mediterranean
Sweets, Jl 2.v<ii 76; Lemons, $ifjl r.o for comm.in
and $L"ii- 50 for good to choice; Mexican I-lmes.
J4; California Limes. 25@60c per Fmall box:
Bananas. $1 50®2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $1®
2 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
Prices for new Peaches and Apricots for July
delivery are maintained and the market is
steady. The second car of Kastern Evaporated
Apples has arrived and is all sold at lie per
lb. The third car is on the way. Domestic
Evaporated Apples are offered at Be, July.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 6i*ic for 40-f.o's. r,c
for f.O-60's, 4c for 60-7O r s, 3'.,4'3%c for 70-SO - s.
:'V".!\c for 80-90's, 2V"2\c for M-lWs and
2@2%c for 100-110*8; Plums, nominal, l'ic for
unpitted and 4 ! -.Cfi lie for flitted.
DRIED FRUITS (New Crop)— Apricots, July
delivery, 9#9%c per lb: Peaches, July delivery,
6Vi@7c; Evaporated Apples, Be.
RAISINS— 3%C for two-crown, 43i0 for three
crown, Wtc for four-crown. C-'niu' for Seedless
Sultanas. 3Ho for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for I»ndon layers; Dried Grapes. 2V<J3<\
NUTS— Chestnuts, 7c per lb; Walnuts, s<gSc
for hardshell, UTi/ilc for noftshell; Almonds, B<y
9c for hardshell, 12fal3c f(.r softshell, 14'.i16c for
paper-shell: Peanuts, B©7c for Eastern and 4»^@
5c for California; Cocoanuts, J4 :<oito.
HONKY— Comb, Il@l2c for bright and lOiTllc
for licht amber; water white extracted, t%&
7c; lisht amber extracted, G^lgC^c; dark, s^)
SViC per lb.
BEESWAX— 2O<^27c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
The activity In Hams continues and prices
are firm. Otherwise there Is nothing new.
CURED MEATS— 8c per lb for heavy,
8%<39c for light medium, 10^@llc for light, 12c
for extra light and 12'i'ol3c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar cured Hams, 12@12'/ic; Califor
nia Hams. UMiSI-c: Mess Beef, $13 per bbi;
extra Mesa Reef. $14: Family Heef, (15015 60;
extra Prime Pork, $12 50: extra clear, $16 50;
mess, 515@15E0; Smoked Beef, 12c per lb.
LARD— quoted at sU@sV£c per lb for
compound and 6V4®7c for pure; half barrels,
pure, 7Uc; 10-lb tins. 7%®Sc:  -lb tins, B®s«ic.
COTTOL.ENE— Tierces, 6%fj6%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb pails, 60 in a case, 9%c;
8-11) pails. 20 in a case, S%c; 5-lb pails, 12 in .a
case, SV£c; 10-lb palls, 6 In a case, B%c; 60-1
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, "Tic wooden buckets. 20
lbs net, BVic; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
The demand for Wool shows no abatement,
and quotations for some descriptions are still
higher. It is a fine Wool market.
Buyers are bidding UOI2HC for new crop
Hops, but growers decline to sell. The feeling
In these goods Is firm.
Hides show no change, and the market Is
without excitement.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, lOiyiOUc; medium. So9%c; light. 9c-
Cowhides, 9c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip. 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound, lfi'-fcc; culls and brands,
14c; dry Kip and Veal, lf.c; dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins. shearlings, 2007 3.1 c each; short
Wool, 3r>ii:>oe each; medium. 6«>f/7r.c; long Wool,
liOi-'ijJl SG each; Horse Hides, salt, $2(5:: 50 for
large and $1 for small; Colts. 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4ii4'T.c per lb; No.
2, Si&S'.iC: refined, ; grease, 2c.
WOOL— Spring Clips— San Joaquin and
Southern. 7 months, SMllc; Foothill and North
ern free, llfiHc: Foothill and Northern defect
ive, 9r^ lie; Nevada, n>Bl4c; San Juaquin Foot
hill free. 10Ca'12c; do defective, Stfi'Jc; Humboidt
and Mendoclno. 19®17Hc; Eastern Oregon, 120
14c for choice and Sf/llVic for fair to good.
HOPS— IB9B crop. 13©17% C per lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Cnlcutta Grain Bags. s^(i»s%c; Wool
Bostf, 2G<72Pc; San Quentin Bafts, %\ 95.
COAL— Wellington. J8 per ton; New Welling
ton, IS; Southfteld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle, $6;
Bryant, $6; Coos Bay. $5; Wallnend, $7 B0;
Scotch, $S; Cumberland, $S 51 In bulk and $9 50
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel, $S 50 per ton: Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14
in sacks. _ ,
CORDAGE— 12c: Sisal. llVic; Bale
Rope, lie; Duplex, 10V4c basis.
CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas, 75<gS5c; As
paragus, $1 60(f}2 85; Tomatoes, So@Ssc.
CANNED FRUITS— market is stiff, and
active. Cherries. $1 75<&2 30 for black and $1 .5
<si 230 for white; Peaches. $1 25@1 65; Pears.
*i 45@1 75; Apricots, $1 20@-l 65; Plums, 90c©
|1 25.
COFFEE— Costa Rica-13V..@15c for prime
washed; 12',4'513c for good washed; llH@l2V4c
for good to prime washed peaberry; lO&llc for
good peaberry; ICSU'c for good to prime; 9™^£
nominal for good current mixed with blacK
beans; S'g'.i'-c for fair: 5 1 »@7c for common to
ordinary. Salvador— for good to prime
washed; Sffi&%c for fair washed; lOVgßuw: for
good to prime washed peaberry; 7%©Be for su
perior unwashed; 7%@i%0 for good green un
washed; SJigSKc for good to prime unwashed
peaberry. Nicaragua— lWdSc nominal lor goua
to superior unwashed; 9®9%c nominal for good
to prime unwashed peaberry. Guatemala and
Mexican- for prime to fancy washed;
10©12 c for good to strictly good, washed; i%«g
We for fair washed; C»i@7%c for medium; B®
6Vic for inferior to ordinary; HO@II%C for good
to prime washed peaberry; 9@9%c for good un
washed peaberry; 7si(&!>c for good to superior
unwashed.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Is quoted as follows:
EO-lb bdls. 4c; 100-lb cases, selected. ;>e; strips,
;,\c for Norway, 7c for Narrow-Gauge ana m.
for Silver King; boneless. 5»4c; blocks. <c for
Seabright; Crown brand Tablets. 8c; Middles,
~c for Golden State and 10c for White beai,
Desiccated Gilt Edge, per dozen, 87% c.
LEATHER— heavy. 25@2Sc per lb; Sole
Leather, medium, 24@25c; Sole Leather, light,
24@25c; rou^h Leather, heavy. 24-ii2oc; rough
Leather, light. 24@26c; Harness Leather heavy.
23@33c; Harness Leather, medium. SOfFSZc; Har
ness Leather, light. 29'g30c; Collar Leather 14
r<U6c per foot; Kip. finished, *o@soc per lb;
Veal, finished. 6O«isc; Calf, finished, rsc©*l;
Bides, finished, 16@17c per foot: Belt Knife
Splits, IK(H6c; Rough Splits, S@loc per lb.
OlL— California Castor Oil. cases. No. 1, <be,
pure, $106; Linseed Oil, In barrels, boiled. oOc;
raw, 48c; cases, 5c more-; I>ard Oil; extra winter
strained, barrels, 54c; No. 1. 46c; oases. 6c
more; China Nut, 45®55c per gallon;^ Pure
Neatsfoot Oil. barrels, 50c; cases, soc: fcperm.
crude, 80c; natural white, 40c; bleached white.
42'-c; Whale Oil. natural white. 37% c; bleached
white. 45c; Pacific Rubber Mixed Paints, white
and house colors, $1 26@1 35 per gallon; wagon
colors. J2@2 25 per gallon. „._„
PETROLEUM GASOLINE AND NAPH
THA—Water White Coal Oil. in bulk, ll'/sc per
gallon; Pearl Oil, in cases. 16'->c: Astral Oil,
l«H-c; Star Oil. 16'ic; Extra Star Oil 20V4C:
Elaine Oil. 21Hc; Eocene Oil, 18% c; Deodorized
Stove Gasoline, in bulk, lCc; in cases. Zlc;
Benzine, in bulk, lSVtcrin cases. 20- /2 c: 86 de
gree Gasoline, In bulk. 21c: in cases. 26c
CANDLES— Light Candles, 6s, 16 oz.
SUe; 6s, 14 oz, 7^c; 6s. 12 OZ. «'-ic; fits, 10 oz.
54c- 12s 12 oz, 7>,ic; Granite (Mining) Candles—
6s. 16 oz. l>'*e; 6s, 14 oz. SVic; 'Is. 12 oz, 7>£c; 6s.
10 oz 6%c. Paraffine Wax Candles— ls. 2a, 4s.
6s white 9Hc; 12s. lOHc; colored, lc higher.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at s»i<36c; Red Lead
and Litharge, s*i&6c per lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases, 61c; in iron barrels,
52c; in wooden barrels, 5Sc. ./*",'
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels, 45c; raw, barrels,
43c; cases. 5c more.
QUICKSILVER— per flask for local use
and $40 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb bags;
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, s^c;
Powdered. ." 4 i ■; Candy Granulated, 6%c; Dry
Granulated, sVie; Confectioners' A, 6%c; Cali
fornia A. r.c; Magnolia A, 4" c; Extra C, 4?; c;
Golden C, 4%c; barrels, l-16c more; half-barrels.
He more; boxes %c more; 50-lb bags, '/he more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent.
LUMBER.
,
I/UMBER— Retail prices are as follows; Pine,
ordinary sizes, |16@17; extra sizes, higher;
Redwood, %r>fn\% for No. 1 and $15@16 for No. 2;
Lath. 4 feet, $2 20«2 30: Pickets. $1S; Shingles,
$1 50@l 75 for common and $2 75 for fancy;
Shakes $11 for split and $12 for sawn; Rustic.
J21(g27. .
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Quotations show no change. There are not
many Hogs coming in, but not many are want
ed. The -other descriptions are in ample sup
ply, but steady as a rule.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF-^7!4@B%C per lb for Steers and 6Vi@7c
tor Cows.
VEAL— 7@9c per lb.
MUTTON- Wethers. 6>4<57c: Ewes, 6c per lb.
KAMI-: Spring, 7%®Bc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 5%@5%c for small, s<sic
for medium and .'.'./."'jc for large; stock
Hogs and Feeders, sc; dressed Hogs. 7®S%c.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Tuesday, June 27.
Flour, qr sks.... 6,133 Hay, tons 159
Wheat ctls 15 Pelts, bdls 593
Barley, ctls 2,960 Hides, No 933
Malt, ctls 440 Eggs, dozen 14,310
Hutter ctls 302 QuicKSllver. risks 16
Cheese Ctls 61 Leather, rolls ... 172
Beans sks 174 Wine, gals 34,050
Potatoes, sks .... 3,045 Sugar, sks 900
Onions, sks 900 Sugar, bbls 17
Hran ctls 2,140 Powder, car 1
Middlings, ctls .. 605!Chickory, sks ... 20
Wool, bales 349
WASHINGTON.
Wheat, ctls 7.0071
EASTERN.
Cornmeal, sks... 400
THE STOCK MARKET.
The only change in securities on the morn
ing session was a decline in Giant Powder to
$70 25.
In the afternoon Hawaiian declined to |99 25
and Market-street Railway to $61. Giant Powder
advanced to $71 2.".
Mining stocks broke sharply on the early
rails, owing to rumors that the ore in the new
find was weakening, and the bears raided the
market vigorously, being assisted by alarmed
h.iM.Ts. The decline will be shown by the list
of sales below. In the afternoon the feeling
was unsettled, and the high figures were not
regained. The telegram from the pump said:
"We shut down No. 1 elevator for one hour and
ten minutes last night, as the water company
was short of water for that time. The water
will be regulated to-day so that we Can run
No. 1 elevator continuously until the water Is
drained below the 1950 level."
The Security Savings Hank has declared a
dividend of 3.60 per annum on term and 3 per
cent on ordinary deposits, payable July 1.
Tne regular 3 per cent semi-annual dividend
of Wells. Fargo & Co. will be paid on July 15.
The Union Trust Company has declared divi
dends of 3 and 3 1-3 per cent per annum re
spectively on ordinary and term deposits, pay
able July 1.
The Pennsylvania Mining Company of Grass
Valley has declared its thirtieth dividend at
the rate of 20 cents per share, amounting to
$10,300 on the 61,600 shares of issued stock.
The Continental Loan and Building Associa
tion has declared for the six months ending
June 30 a dividend of 6 per cent per annum on
ordinary deposits, 7 per cent on one year term
deposits, l'l per cent to class P stock and 14
per cent to class A stock.
The delinquent assessment sale of the Andes
Mining Company will be hold to-day.
The Eureka Consolidated Mining Company
had $12i"i cash in its treasury June 1.
The Bwansea Mining Company of rtah dur
ing th»- fiscal year registered net earnings In
the sum of (94,451, distributed dividends
amounting to $6.1.000, and closed the year with
a cash surplus above all Indebtedness of $27,286
The ore shipments by rail from the mines of
Eureka district. Nevada, for the week ending
June 23 were as follows: Eureka Con mine
10<.t,200 pounds; Eureka Tunnel, 34,820- Jackson'
75,080; Richmond, 47.130; from Hamilton— Mc-
Kllln. 87.450; Rocco (Homestake). 177,150.
'The San Francisco Stuck and Exchange
Board and the Pacific Stock Exchange will ad
journ from Friday, June 30, at 4 p. m., until
Wednesday, July 5.
A letter from Acting Superintendent Ross
was received at the local office of the Con
solidated California and Virginia Mining Com
pany yesterday, stating that the work of ex
tracting and following the ore found in the
upraise above the 1750 level has been suspended
until the openings can be enlarged go as to
secure more room to facilitate operations. Mr
Ross also stated that the appearance of the
ore body was unchanged.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, June 27—2 p. m .
Bid. Ask. j Hid As '
Bonds— Mutual El Co. 14' 4 14%
Is quar c0up. .114 — Oakland Gas.. 47' 48
Is quar reft... — — : Pac Gas 1mp.. 71% 7214
4s quar new. .130 — Pac LCo — ' 43
ts quar coup.. — — 8F Q & 18.... — 7114
. Miscellaneous— I San Fran 3% 3*
Cal-st Cab 55. 114 — Stockton Gas. 12 — *
C C Wat 5s 111 113 I Insurance—
EL & P 69. 130% — Flrem's Fund '20 —
F & Cl Ry 6s. — 122>,£ Bank Stocks—
Geary-st li ss. — 100 iAnglo-Cal .... — «5U
HC & H 5^5. .1074 - Bank of Cal "275 —
LAKy 55. ...106 107 Cal S D & t' — 9*
L A L Co 69.1014 — I First Nattonl.22o —
Do gntd 65.101H - >Lon P & A.. — 111
L A L, Co ss. — 103 Mor Exchange — 16
Market-Rt 6p..129 - ;Nev Nat Bk — —
Do Ist M 65.116i;i16% Savings Banks—
NCN G R 75.109& — Ger S & L..1625 _
&£ y Cal , 6 V- - 1 , 1 , l ' Hum S & L.1050 1160
NR of Cal ss. — 114 Mutual Say. 35 _
NPC R R ««. — - 8 F Say U.. 500 —
NPC R R 58.105 lOSVi 6 & LSo - ««u
N Cal H H ts.lll - Security Sb! — 300
Oak Gas 55... 11 l - Union T Co. -lm
P m & C R v y r,«.i27 i.w Street Railroads—
P&CI Ry 65.107U109 California . in _
P <&■ O6s .....117 - Searv .. "so _
Powell-st ..IIS 122 V. Market-st .'." 6m —
Sac El Ry Kb. — - Oak SL& H — —
SF& N P ss. — 118* Presidio ... - i 4
SF & S JV6«.114%U8 1 Powder— "
ilerraH Cal Ha.li«H ■— California ... — 170
SPof A 88..118H11XH E Dynamite.' •*) -
SPC 6s (1905)112 112% Giant Con Co. 70 71U
SPC 6s (1905)112 — Vigorit .... 3^ _^
B HC 6s (l»12i - — Suear—
PPCIp or ss. 105 107 Hana P Co.. 17« vn
SPBr 6s — — Haw Ci S C t9 100 "
S V Wat ..116 - Hutch S P Co" 32*4 33
S V Wat 48...103t;i04^ Kllauea S Co — —
S V Wis(com).lo1 1 — Onomea S Co. 40y 40y.
Stktn Gas 85..1u2>.-j - Paauhau S P. 39% 40 "
Water Pt»oks- i lUI-ceUaneou*
Contra Costa..' 70% 71 »4 Al Pac .112^113
Mann C" U - Ocr L<l Wks
Spring alley.loo%lol Aler Ex Assn' 90 -
Gas and Kiectrlo— Oceanic S Co. 84% 85%
Capital Gas...— — Pac A A.... 1% —
Central 0 1 C«.. - - ac C Bor C0.132^ —
Cent L &. P.. 6V4 7 ' Par Paint Co.. iZ -
Equtt GL. Co. 5 5<4 \
Morning Session.
Board— „ ]
10 Giant Powder Con '0 50
10 Giant Powder Con i" «%
35 Giant Powder Con ■• J« »
SO Hana Plantation Co. cash 1. 62*4
10 Hawaiian Commercial & fcugar 100 n0
15 Hutchinson S P Co £> ';>
20 Paauhau SP Co »• ™ '■
100 Pacific Gas Imp •••- « ™
10 San Fran Gas & Electric Co. cash.. M
35 San FraneUco Gas & Electric C 0.... ,1 B0
E San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... <1 3.4
$1000 S P of A bonds 113 J--»
Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 Giant Powder Con <l i D
25 Hana Plantation Co, cash « <o
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 99 2.. j
150 Hutchinson S P Co ;™ 00
G5 Market Street Railway »J »-'a
2 Market Street Railway 61 00
$.-000 Market St X R Con 5 per cent bds.llti M
75 Oceanic S S Co « '"'
5 Pacinc Gas Imp '- ""
70 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... il 60
5 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 1 2a
10 Spring Valley Water K1" BT*i
91 Spring Valley Water 100 7o
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Street—
25 Spring Valley Water 10100
50 Hutchlnsnn S P Co 33 "0
100 Vlgorit Powder 3 124
25 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 71 25
10 Giant Powder Con "100
Afternoon Session.
Board—
15 Giant Powder Con 70 50
30 Hutchinson S P Co • •-• 33 00
40 Hana Plantation Co 17 7.'
$2000 S V Water bonds (3d mortgage) 101 73
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Alta 11 100 Mexican 61
500 Alta 10 250 Mexican 60
100 Andes 22 200 Mexican 64
200 Andes 23 300 Mexican 65
600 Belcher 43 200 Occidental 30 I
1100 Best & Belcher 65 SOO Ophlr 1 30 I
JOO Best & Belcher 67 100 Overman 21
13H0 Bullion 10 100 Overman 20
200 Caledonia 82 700 Potrtsi 50
100 Caledonia 80 100 Savage 31
300 Caledonia 79 100 Scorpion 03
500 Choilar 35 600 Seg Belcher 09
150 Con Cal & Va.2 45| 400 Sierra Nevada. 8<?
500 Con Cal & Va.2 501 100 Sierra Nevada. 87
200 Con Cal & Va.2 55 100 St Louis 10
300 Con Cal & Va.2 60! 350 Union Con 48
200 Crown Point... 31 700 Union Con 47
COO Exchequer 03 400 Union Con 46
400 Gould & Curry 35 100 Yellow Jacket. 44
400 Hale & Norcrs 3S 400 Telluw Jacket. 43
100 Justice 17
Afternoon Session.
200 Ophir 110 400 Sierra Nevada. 73
400 Mexican 61 500 Utah 15
100 Gould & Curry 35 100 Bullion 09
1100 Best & Belcher 67 500 Seg Belcher.. 09
13l" Con Cal & Va.2 20 100 Overman IS
200 Chollar 34 600 Justice 16
700 Potosl 60] 600 Union Con 44
300 Crown Point... 29. 100 Caledonia 75
400 Yellow Jacket. 38i 200 Challenge 35
100 Belcher 40 1 950 Andes 19
Following were the sales in the Pacific Btock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
"00 Alta Hi 100 Con Imperial... 01
200 Andes 221 400 Crown Point... 32
200 Andes 19! 400 Crown Point 31
300 Con Cal & V.2 124 \ 750 Gould & Curry 37 '
600 Con Cal &V. 210 600 Gould & Curry 36 !
400 Con Cal & V.2 174 600 Gould & Curry 34
600 Con Cal & V.2 024 coo Hale & Norcrs 39
300 Con Cal & V...2 05i 800 Mexican 66
200 Best & Belcher 71 900 Mexican 65
400 Best & Belcher 69 600 Mexican 64
300 Best & Belcher 68 200 Mexican 63
300 Best & Belcher 67 300 Mexican . . .62
4'V) Best & Belcher 66 sro Mexican 60
300 Best & Belcher 65! f,OO Ophlr .'.135
200 Best & Belcher 61 400 Ophir 1 324
400 Best & Belcher 60 900 Ophlr 1 30
200 Best & Belcher 51 1000 ophlr
200 Bert & Belcher 63 SOO Ophir 1 22; .
200 Best & Belcher 62; 200 Ophlr 1 M
200 Best & Belcher 700 ophlr 1 15
900 Bullion 10 200 ophir 1 10
200 Caledonia 75 300 Ophlr 1 17--,
200 Challenge Con. 3S I 700 Potosi 50
50 Con Cal & V...2 65 400 Potosi 4S
700 Con Cal & V...2. r .O: 300 Savage 30
400 Con Cal & V...2 45 500 Sierra Nevada. 83 I
1500 Con Cal & V...2 40 200 Sierra Nevada. 84
4! Con Cal & V...2 3" 250 Sierra Nevada. £6
300 Con Cal & V.2 52 2i'O Sierra Nevada. S5
250 Con Cal & V...2 60 200 Sierra Neval.i. J3
500 Con Cal & V...2 35 100 Siorra Nevada. (-1 I
300 Con Cal & V.2 32U HO Sierra Nevada. SO
400 Con Cal & V...2 20 450 Sierra Nevada. 78
300 Con Cal & V...2 25 600 Sierra Nevada. 75
1100 Con Cal & V...2 15 2t'O Sierra Nevada. 7ii
100 Confldfnce 1 05, 300 Yellow Jacket.. *3
Afternoon Session.
500 Alpha Con 05 400 Con Cal & V.2 024
600 Andes 18 200 Confidence 100
500 Andes 17 200 Crown Point .. 27
200 Belcher C 9 200 Gould & Curry 32
SOO Host & Belcher 59 400 Gould & Curry 30
160 Bert & Belcher 57 oio Uould & Curry 29
200 lw-st & Belcher 56 2"0 Hale & Norc... 37
600 Best & Belcher 55 400 Justice lfi
.W Best ft Belcher 63 450 Mexican 60
500 Bullion 09 200 Mexican 61
1500 Bullion 08 200 Ophir 1 IS
150 Caledonia 70 400 Ophir 110
3"' Chollar 33 500 Overman 17
500 Chollar 33 500 Potosi 49
950 <'"ii Cal & Va..2 20 200 Savage 29
300 Con Cal & V.2 174 600 Seg Belcher 09
650 Con Cal & V.2 124 600 Sierra Nevada. 73
ISO Con Cal & Va..2 10 300 Union Con 44
600 Con Cal & V.2 074 300 Union Con 42
250 Con Cal & Va..2 03
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, June 27—4 v m.
Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask
Alpha — 07 Justice 15 16
Alta 09 10 Kentuck — 05
Andes 17 IS Lady Wash'ton 01 02
1 Belcher 37 3S Mexican 58 60
i Best ft Belcher 52 53 Occidental 26 28
Bullion 08 09 Ophlr 1 or, l in
Caledonia 71 73 Overman 17 U
Chollar 31 32 Potoul 49 60
Challenge Con. 33 34 Savage 27 2S
c.mtl.ience 1001 05 Scorpion — OS
C C & Va 1952 05 Seg Belcher.... 07 09
Con Imperial ..01 02 Sierra Nevada. 70 71
Crown Point... 29 30 Silver Hill .... — 02
Eureka Con .. — 40 Syndicate — 05
Con New Yor.. — 03 Standard —2 40
Exchequer .... — 03 st Louis 10 16
Gould & Curry. 30 31, Union Con 41 42
Hale & Norc. 37 3S!Utah 14 15
Julia 02 —Yellow Jacket. 37 38
ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Wllhelmlna A. Steele to Peter Forzanf, lot on
N line of Union street, 105:0^ W of Franklin,
W 27:6 by N 137:6; $10.
Hattie M. Pond (Hall) to Mary E. Ragan, lot
on SE corner of Haleht street and Central
avenue, S 95. E 24.05, N along Park road 28.15,
N 67. W 23.12; $10.
German Savings & Loan Society to Isaac An
derson, lot on E line of Pierce street 116 S
of Waller, S 25 by E 91:3, lot 9, block 2,lMarion
Tract (Hospital lot); $10.
Same to Otto F. Orundel, lot on SE cor of
Waller and Pierce, E 30 by S 90, lot 7, block 2
Marion Tract; $10.
Isidore and Jennie Asch to Western Loan As
sociation, lot on \V line of Guerrero st 125 S
of ISth, S 85 by W 100; $6400.
John Mitchell to Otto turn Suden lot on S
line of 24th street, 25 E Harrison, E 25 by S
104; also lot on SW corner of Precita place
• and Gunnlson avenue, W 35 by S 100, PN lot
166: $10. " lul
Mary Creegan to Mary E. Creegan, trustee
lot on SE corner of Sansome street and Broad'
way, S 60 by E 49; also lot on BE corner of
Stevenson, 424:11 SW of 6th, SW 20 by SE 75 •
also lots 41 to 45, block 250, ON. and II tract'
trust deed; gift. ct>
Herman W. and Rosa Newbauer and Leopold
and Rosa Auerbacli to Lawrence McCreery lot
on. S line of Merchant street, 87:6 W Balicrv
W 50 by S 52:3; $10. mattery,
John and Fredka J. Treadwell to same lot
s s3TbyT%7?«Vsfo Uery and chant streets
Henry I. K*walsky to Joseph N Kowatekv
lot on E line of Mason street, 86 N Eddy n:
25 by E CS:<». quitclaim deed; $10 y>
Flora, Henry, Meyer M.. Samuel and RalDh
Marx Adelaide Rnthchild (Marx) and Ami c
de'edf $T lCh (MarX> l ° Same ' Same "
William B. Sharp (by B. P. Oliver commls
sioner) to Hibernla Saving and Loan S™™ y"
i?V°- n K N ?T COrner ot Beach and Jones streets'
E , 2... by „*? 137:6; also lot on S line of Jefferson
greet, MM E of Leavenworth, E 137:6 by S
Alexander Fraser et al to R L Hat horn
lot on jp line of Vermont street, 169 uk™?
Bntte, S 30:6 by E 100; also lot on E line of
iw> vm %m street> 162:4 N of Napa> N 37:8 by «
ii^ le an er^ F r aser> B - Kelsey ' William Rol
lins, A. McCartney, George J. G. Marsllv Car
rie and Robert Miller. S. F. Sinclair and J G.
Klumpke (by R. I. ? lan - Sheriff) to same,
lot on SE corner of Vermont and Mariposn
streets, 8 200 by E 100; also lot on NE corner
of \ ermont and Solano streets, N 100 by E
100 ', 5141 j.
C. Frank and Elizabeth J. Adams to Samuel
C. and Gussie S. Symon. lot on E line or Mis
sissippi Mreet. 125 S of Eighteenth (Solano),
S 25 by E 100: $10.
Emma C. Cloussenlua or Claussenius to W.
F. Heyfron. lot 450, Gift Map 2; $10.
Thomas E. and Etta N. Haven to Henrietta
A. Forbes (wife of Robert), lot en SE line of
Huron street. 160 NE of Farragut. NE SO by
SE 237. lot 4. block IS. West End 2; $10.
William G. Whistler to James Rolph Jr., lot
on W line of Railroad avenue. 100:lV4 S of
Paul, S 25:0%. W 109:3, N 25. E 110:6%, lot 20.
block 1, Garden Tract Homestead; $10.
Alameda County. •
Henry H. Singer to Thomas Brain, lot on
W line of Linden street. 250 N of Thirtieth,
N 37-6 by W 132, being lot 20 and S one-half
i lot 19, block 669." Glaacock Tract, Oakland;
I $500. . ...
Emma A. Terry (wife of P. A.) to John J.
Ormsby, lot 13, block 31, Resubdlvision Smith
Subdivision Matthews' Tract. Berkeley; $60.
Samuel H.gand Harriet M. Linarard to Leona
Z. Chalmers, lot on W line of Louisa street.
360 N of Cedar, N 40 by W 135, being a portion
of lot E. of block 5, Graves and Taylor Trai I
Berkeley: 110.
Agnes and John Black and V. R. and J. A.
Parker to Florence L. Myers, lot on E line of
Third street, 330 N of Jones avenue, N SO by
E 250. block .1. Andrew Jones' Subdivision
Brooklyn Township: $10. '
Catherine Bu!t*?r to Cathertna Moriarty (wif/W
of T.) lot on W line of Castro street. 16."> kw
Of I), S 30 by W 75, Town of Haywards, Eden "
Township: $250.
Roger B. Friend to Marcel Lemer. John B.
Porte and Pascal Bellocq, lot on S line ..f
Isabella street, 445 W of San Pablo avenue.
W 54 hy S 1.19 :2 1 i, being lot 13 and portion !■ t
12. Gunn Tract. Oakland: $10.
R. W. and Ella M. Rupe to same. lot on S
line of Isabella street, 612:4 \V of San I
avenue, S 106, NU" to a portion N ?2:?.. I
to beginnig. being a portion of lot 16,
Oakland; jio.
Bridget O'Brien to Edward F. O"Brien, lota
23 to 37, map of lands at Oakland Point (
landing, portion plat 406, Oakland; gift.
Fred ('arisen to C. J. Stewart, the S3O feel "
lot 40, block I!, lands Oakland View Hoi:
Association, Oakland: $10.
E. J. Stewart t.. Sara A. Livingston («
A.), aarne, Oakland; $10.
Florence L. and R. B. Myers to Marioi
Ostrand, lot on S line of Grant street. 160 W ■
Union. W 50 by S 100, beinc lots 13 ai
block H. new town of Lvnn, East Oaklai
$10.
B. J. McMullen to Oakland Loan and In
vestment Conn-any, undivided half inters; n
lots 1 to 8, block A. lota 7 to 12, block B,
2, 5. G. 9 and 10, block C, Home View
Berkeley; $1.
TIME BALL.
Branrh Hydrographlc Office, V. S. N'
chants' Exchange, San Franri.-
June 26, 1890.
Th*> time ball on the tower of the nm
building was dropped at exactly n
i. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, ur at !
o'clock p. m. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKIN'S,
Lieutenant Commander, U. P. N. harge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
United States Coast and Geodeti —r<»y_
Times and Heights of Hit.'h r^w
Waters at Fort Point, entrant- , n
Francisco Bay. Published by or: a -,_ 1
thortly of the Superintendent. £»-
NOTE— The high and low waters o >t
the city front (Mission-street wharf i about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort :
the height of tide Is the same at both p.i ■
WEKXBSDAT. JUNE 28
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In th» left
hand column and the successive tides of th»
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Th*
second time column gives the second tide ( '
the day, the third time column the third tid.»
and the last or right hand column gives tho
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference I? the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, June 27.
Stmr Monlta. Nlcolsen, 78 hours from New
port (S).
Stmr Newburg, Hansen, 70 hours from Grays
Harbor.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, 27 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Laguna, Erlcssen, 29 hours from Bear
Harbor.
Jap stmr Nippon Mara, Allen, — days from
Hongkong, via Yokohama — days, via Hono
lulu — days.
Ship Hecla, Nelson, 66 days from Newcastle,
N. S. W.
Schr J Eppinger. Colstrup, 16 hours from
Point Arena.
Schr Gotama, Johannsen, 6 days from Colum
bia River.
Schr Lily. Bottger, 5 days from Umpqua,
Schr Alcalde, Weitknaut, 23 days from Ka
hului.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, June VI.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, Seattle.
Stmr Willamette, Hansen, Nanaimo.
Brig J D Spreckels, Christensen, Mahukon*.
Haw schr Honolulu, Thonagel, Tacoma.
SAILED.
Tuesday, June Z.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Alice Blanchard. Hall. Coos Bar.
Stmr Corona, Debney, San Diego.
Stmr Alice Blanchard, Hall. Coos Bay.
Stmr Corona, Pebney, San Diego.
Stmr State of California, Goodall. Astoria.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, Seattle.
Stmr Willamette, Hansen. Nan:!
Stmr Moha, Jorgensen. Albion.
Haw ship John Ena, Madsen. Fort Townsend.
Bark Aureola, Mercer. Willapa Harbor.
Schr W F Jewett, Johnson, Columbia River.
. Schr Nettle Low. Low, Point R«'>es.
Schr Monterey, Beck, Mowens Landing.
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen, •
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. June 27. 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind northwest; velocity 12 miles.
SPOKEN.
Per Hecla-May 21. 7.06 N. US 07 W, Br ship
Bermuda, from Newcastle, N. S. v\., for San
D June 30— 4S N. 14 W. Br ship Blackbrae, from
Shields, for San Francisco. Beni F Packard.
June 4— 31 N. 36 W. ship Benj F Packard,
f^ZJT<n- S rJ£ nC sZ O - F S Camp,.
b « J n^'.V"v G B? 1^. P King Edward.
frr\m Tannma for Que*nstown.
21-46 % "W. Br ship Crown of Scot
land ne fr^m IwanU.J^r^an Francisco.
The Mario is chartered for Barley to Europe.
32s Gd; Marlborough Hill and Wynford. Wheat
to Europe, 31« 3d.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN DlEOO— Sailed June 27 — Br stmr Car!
rttv'for Hongkong.
EUREKA— Arrived June 27-Stmr Weeott.
hence June 25; schr Lizzie Vance, from Pan
Pedro- bktn Eureka, hence June 20.
BAN PEDRO— Sailed June 27— Stmr Columbia,
for San Francisco.
IVEKSENS LANDING— SaiIed June 27-Schr
Ocean Spray, for San Francisco.
OLVMPlA— Arrived June 27— Schr Maggie C
nuss, hence June 9.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived June 27— Stmr West
port, from .
I NEAH Passed June 26— Stmr Macki
naw hence June 23. for Tacoma.
BO WENS LANDlNG— Arrived June 27— Schr
Corinthian, hence June 24. Sailed— Schr Mary
Etta, for San Francisco.
UMPQUA— SaiIed June 23— Schr Lilly, for
San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SYDNEY— Arrived June 27— Br stmr Mlowera,
from Vancouver. " ' "U."
ANTWERP— Arrived June 24— Br ship Queen
Elizabeth, from Oregon; Ger ship H F Glade,
from Oregon. June 25— Br ship Lynton, from
Tacoma. ,
COLON— Sailed June 24-Stmr Advance, for
New York. . _
LIVERPOOL— Arrived June 25— Br ship Eu
rasia, hence January 7. ■• ' : '., ; "': -i, . ._ /
FALMOUTH -Sailed June 24 -Ger ship Sen iff
bek. for Cardiff. June 25— Nor ship Hiawatha.
! for Limerick.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
! NEW YORK-Sailed June 27-Trave. for Bre
! men. via Cherbourg ami Southampton.
SYDNEY— June 27- Miowera. from
I SOUTH AMPTON-Arrlved June "-Kalser
I Friederich. from New York, via Cherbourg,
I for Bremen.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
TRIED THREE
WAYS TO END
HIS EXISTENCE
Lars Neilsen Cut His
Throat.
FOLLOWED JUDAS' EXAMPLE
— »
HAD THESE FAILED HE WAS j
PREPARED TO DROWN.
« -
rkable Suicide of a Despondent
Pane on the Shores of Lake
Merritt— uhastly
Find.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. June 27.
l^ara Neilsen, or Hansen, was so anx
ious to die last night that he eougnt
death In three different ways at the sam^
time,
Early this morning Willie Smltn, a
schoolboy, was walking along the east
erly shore of Lnke Merritt when he saw
a man hanging from a tree at the edgy
of the lake. From the man's neck blood
was flowing. The boy at once hurried
from the ghastly scene and told Dr.
Chamberlain, who was walking near tho
lake. The doctor went to the place and
cut the body down, and. seeing at once
that life was extinct, he communicated
with the Coroner.
• At first glance It was not easy to see
■whether the suicide had died from throat
cutting or hanging. Netlsen or Hansen
had made very determined preparations
to die. He had cut his throat, only lust
missing the jugulur, and had placed tho
bloody razor In his coat pocket. He had
then procured a rope that hau been used
to tether a cow and had turned "■ ani
roai*loose bo that he might <>!' ihe
means to end his Ufa. He then * ii'>ed
on the branch of a tree at the w.i'-.-i's
edge, fastened one end of the cow's rope
around the inch and the other around
his gaping, bleeding throat. He then
rolled off and waa strangled. Had th"
rope broken he would have fallen into
the lake and -what the razor and the
rope could not accomplish the green
waters of Lake Merritt would have done
Quickly.
Some people who had known Xeiisen or
Hansen stated that he was an industrious
man. who worked as a coachman and
fayed his money. Some time ago h? spec
ulated in stocks and it is supposed lie lost
Ills savings and became despondent.
Nearly $-10 In coin was In his pockets.
An Inquest was held to-night and it was
d by the autopsy physician .hat
ised bj strangulation. Th
• i- a Dane, 58 yenrs old.
SMALL BOY DROWNED
IN THE TIDAL CANAL
FELL FROM A FLOATING LOG
AND MET DEATH.
There Were No Eye-Witnesses to the
Accident. Although the Shore
Wai Lined With People.
ALAMEDA. June 27.-Joseph Godfrey.!
an llfyfar-old lad. lost his life at about!
lV:00. o'clock: ■ Us morning in the waters i
[of fh.> tidal canal. No one saw him fall j
.into the water, but the air bubbles and:
ring* that roi»e to the surface marked th.- !
; ir i »< » t ■■■••■■ the boy had disappeared and i
told too plainly his fate.
: He had been playing on a line of logs
that were chained together and strung '
across the mouth of the canal to keep the i
loos;e;-logs from drifting into the estuary.
The. .-nild was walking on this line when
•he disappeared. It is presumed that he
off Into the water and was car
ried under the log jam by the Inflowing
. tide, which was running strong.
People near by on the shore heard no
outcry or splash. Noticing that he had
disappeared they cried out the boy's name
; in th>± hope he might have reached the!
other shore and was hiding, but they re
ceived no answer. The lad parents, Mr.
and Mrs. Dennis Godfrey, who live on
Bank street, near Park, were informed of
the tragedy and were almost prostrated.
Trey are poor and unable to hire any one
to arch for the remains. Friends of the
family and acquaintances of the little fel
i low have been patrolling the banks of the i
canal since the drowning, but up to a j
late hour to-night the body had not been
recovered.
ALAMEDA COUNTY
NEWS BREVITIES
OAKLAND, June 27.— Suits for divorce
were filed to day by Elizabeth E. Green
against Arthur E. Green, and Ella, M.
Barlow against George B. Barlow. Both
plaintiffs allege desertion.
The Stewart Law and Collection Com
pany has filed suit against J. H. Rempe
on an assigned claim of Mrs. M. E. Vol
o,uarsen for $360 for work and labor per
formed by the latter as housekeeper for
■ defendant.
Charles Pugh was to-day appointed a
Deputy County Clerk to succeed T. F.
.Mock. The now appointee will act as
clerk of the Probate Court.
. Th*> divorce suits of Ida Strong against
Dwight Strong and Adele Thomas against
■N. Thomas have been referred to Court
■Commissioner Babcock.
P. B. Preble, publisher of Events, filed
stilt to-day against the members of the
Board of Public Works, restraining them
■from entering into a contract with the
' Enquirer Publishing Company for the ad
. ertlslng and printing of certain notices.
•Judge Ogden to-day annulled the mar
riage of J. B. Richards and Annie B.
KiohardF on the ground that when they
were married In San Francisco In April,
JM>2, the wife had another husband living
from whom she had not been divorced.
The trial of James Gilligan for the mur
. der of Joseph Epplnger at the Emeryville
' rare track several months ago was con
tinued to-day until next Thursday.
• ' Mrs. P. E. Dinsmore of 773 Eleventh
". street and W. Woodward were committed
to the N'apa Insane Asylum to-day by
•Judge Ogden.
A witch engine Jumped the track near
R street station early this morning. Sev
eral railn were torn up and a driving
whf-H was broken.
Clarence Smith. Harry Leonhardt and
Ad Wing were arrested to-day on account
of a three-cornered fight over some
washing at a laundry at Thirtieth street
and Kan Pablo avenue in which several
Chinese were slashed with a knife,
v It- is reared that the Herbert Maufflln
.named In the casualty roll of General
OUs,-.recently published; la moant for Her
bert Hanlfln. son of J. J. Hanifln. ex
chairman of the Board of Supervisors.
• Harry Johnson, formerly of Albert
Brown's undertaking parlors, has received
an appointment as «mhalmer on the
transport Valencia, going to Manila. He
will receive a salary of $ioo per month.
Mrs. Ohlsen the latest smallpox patient.
Is now reported out of danger by her at
tending physician*. It will be some time,
however, before the health authorities
will raise the quarantine from the Ohlsen
house on Magnolia street. '
TUG REDMOND SUNK
IN OAKLAND CREEK
She Keeled Over and Was Filled by
. the Incoming- Tide — No One
Was Aboard.
*/■ OAKLAND. Juno 27 Th«» ttig Redmond, '
".o-wned by the Redmond Company of San
•Francisco, was sunk in the creek near the
ft old- null works at the foot of Market street
. to-night. There was no one. aboard.
When the tide went out this afternoon the
nip keeled over to the low side and the in
. coming tide filled her and she was unable
-, • to rise. ]
WED AT A PRETTY
HOME CEREMONY
OAKLAND, June 27. -One of the
prettiest home weddings of the
season took place to-night ut
ttiH home of Mr. and Mrs. J.
W. Kessler, BV> Twenty-eighth
street, when their daughter. Miss
KEATING'S JOB
HANGS UPON A
POLITICAL DEAL
Was Recommended
by Hart North.
TOM CRAWFORD'S POSITION
ALSO FIGURES IN A LITTLE
COMBINATION.
A Resignation From the Insane War
den Would Simplify Matters
and Save Embarrass
ment.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, June 27.
. It Is a long: way from the insane annex
I of the Receiving Hospital to the office of
• the Immigration Commissioner in San
! Francisco, but the political bridge be
j tween them is short. The attempt to re
j move "William Keating from the position
; of warden of the insane does not depend
: so much on the charges made against him
as on a political deal of the seesaw order
with Keating on one end and Tom Craw
ford on the other.
About a year ago a job was wanted for
Keating:. He had been particularly use
ful to Hart North In the Fourth Ward,
when North was running for the Assem
-1 bly, and naturally North was under obli
! gations to him. The opportunity to repay
this obligation came when North was ap
pointed Immigration Commissioner by
McKinley and had the dispensing of the
! patronage of that Federal office.
I Tom Crawford at that time was also in
a position where he could fill a vacancy
without canceling any engagements and
he had some strong political friends in
i this city to whom Hart North was also
indebted and who were Indebted to him In
a political sense. Crawford was ap
| pointed a deputy in Hart North's office
> and is still there. North's protege, Keat
\ ing, was appointed to an office just cre
i ated at the Receiving Hospital. Now that
' a right has developed to oust Keating
North has intimated that the putting out
. of the Insane warden may result in the
appointment of a successor to Tom Craw
ford This little arrangement is not at
all acceptable and if Keating should be
discharged by the Supervisors it is likely
that he will be taken care of somewhere
! else.
Saturday afternoon Keating will have
a trial before the Supervisors. But it
would not surprise any one should he re
sign before that time. There are many
arguments that might be advanced why
Keating should not have a trial and
should spare certain Supervisors the un
i pleasantness of having to vote to either
i retain or discharge him.
State Typographical Union
OAKLAND. June 27.— The ninth annual
convention of the California State Typo
graphical Union No. 6 will be held in this
city on August 10, 11 and 12. A. J. Read of
the Oakland Enquirer is president; M. A.
Mclnnis, secretary-treasurer; Fred E.
Caler of San Francisco, vice president;
Cyren E. Fisk of Los Angeles, organizer.
The executive committee consists of
Thomas H. Perry, Eureka; William Mi
ner Sacramento; William Hill of San
Francisco. There are. fourteen typo
graphical unions in the State, besides the
Printing Pressmen's. Stereotypes'. Press
Feeders', Bookbinders' and Photo-En
gravers, nearly all of which will send del
egates. Oakland union No. 36 will pro
vide an entertainment, ball, theater party
and banquet for the visitors.
Trying to Down Peterson
OAKLAND. June 27.— Captain of Police
Peterson is looking to r 'he writer of. let
ters signed by a forgery of hie slgna'ure.
Copies of the letter have been sen; to
several respectable young men written on
the Chief's letterhead. The letter says:
OAKLAND, CaL, June 22, 1639.
Sir: Many complaints have reached
this office of .ate concerning you and
several oth«»r young men with whom
you consort, which makes you, as well
as them, amenable to the law under
Section <147 of the Penal Code of the
State of California, to punish as va
grants. Therefore, acting under in
structions, it becomes my painful duty
to notify you that unless you become
encaged In some lawful occupation by
the Ist day of July, 1809, you will be
prosecuted under the section cited
above In this connection I desire to
Inform you that I have totified s.-v
--ero! welf-known characters with whom
you associate to like effect, and diso
bedience to this warning will subject
you anrl them to prosecution an-; pun-
Uhment. Yours, etc..
isnmeiu. ]{ — PETERSON,
Captain of the Police of. the City of
Oakland.
Captain Peterson says that the letter ii
the work of some political enemy and lie
has a slight clew to the writer on which
he Is working.
. . ♦ »
Alameda News Notes
ALAMEDA, June 27.-Dr. C. A. Mc-
Questen of this city left Sunday on the
transport St. Paul as surgeon In care of
300 soldiers in command of Colonel Ray,
who are going north to relieve the men ,
stationed on the Yukon.
Mrs. Sophie Schroeder, grand lnsido sen-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 28, 1899.
Luella Kessler, was made the bride of
Charies Heeseman, a popular young
business man of t-his city. Rev. A. J
Jatho, pastor of St. Marcus German
Evangelical Church, officiated. The
bride was gowned in white creme
satin and carried a bouquet of white
roses. The bridesmaid was Miss
Lula Heeseman. She wore white or
gandie over pink ar.d carried a bou
quet of pinks. Abe Leach acted as
best man. After the ceremony a
sumptuous wedding supper was served
in a large tent on the spacious
grounds.
Mr. and Mrs. Heeseraan have gone
to Los Angeles on their honeymoon
trip, and on their return will reside In
Oakland.
■ tinel of t lie Native Daughters, was ten
dered .t reception last night at fraternal
Hall by Alameda Parlor No. 18, of which
she is a member.
Anna Bouton of 1020 Oak street has filed
lamage suit in the Recorder's court
against her neighbor, Mrs. Margaret Mea
gher. She claims that after a wordy war
\\ i- li Mrs. Meagher the latter rushed into
the Bouton back yard, smashed a wash-
Ing machine, jumped upon n lot of wire
baskets and otherwise upset things. Dam
igea to the amount of $299 are asked.
I . '. C. Easson has been appointed by the
Board of Trustees to expert '.he accounts
<>f the city.
CUT OF ONE MILLION.
County Assessor's Assessments Are
Now Almost Complete.
OAKLAND. June 27.— The County As
sessor Is now preparing the footings of
th< assessment rolls that must be turned
over to ihe Supervisors next Monday.
The total figures on the city of Oakland
are just about complete and show a de
crease in th<* city's valuation of about
$1,000,000 Last year the assessment of
Oakland was over (42,000,000. This year it
will be a iittle over $41,000,000.
The manner in which the reduction has
been brought about was explained in an
interview given to The «'a!l by Mr. Da.lton
some weeks ago. Most of the cutting has
;, .■<-•:; done .-■ iah of Eighth street.
The reduction pf one million In the city's
assessment roll means a big reduction in
the city taxes. The present administra
tion is pledget.l to a dollar lax levy and
the reduction will result In reducing the
< Itj 's Income $10,000.
FOR OAKLAND'S FOURTH.
Celebration Committee Ready for the
Flag-Raising.
OAKLAND. June 27.— The Fourth
; July celebration committee has about
| completed detail? for the flag raising cere
' monies. John A. Britton has been selected
as president of the day, with Auditor A.
H. Breed as alternate. Supervisor John
Mitchell will be master of ceremonies.
: Company A, Veteran Reserves, will nre
the salute for the flag raising. The com
mittee has arranged to erect and decorate
a BUltable speakers' stand and Chief
Deputy District Attorney Harry A. Mel
vin will be the orator of the day. The
Declaration of Independence will "be read
Iby County Superintendent of Schools
Crawford. Chairman G-. A. Blank of the
finance committee reports that the ex
penses of the celebration, not Including
the lire-works, would be nearly $1000.
WHIPPED FOR COURTING.
A Brutal Father Gives His 16- Year-
Old Son a Cruel Beating.
OAKLAND, June 27.— Charles Antontc
: cio, aged 16 years, was brought to the
Receiving Hospital shortly before mid
' night to-night, suffering: from a severe
| beating administered by his father, Jo
s'-ph Antoniccio. The boy says his
: father beat him with a horsewhip be
cause ho found him out walking with a
neighbor's daughter in Frultvale to-night.
The father has been arrested.
Postal Telegraph Protests.
OAKLAND, Juno 27.— Superintendent
Storror of the Postal Telegraph and Cable
Company has sent the following letter to
Assessor I'a Iton :
SAN FRANCISCO, June 24, 1899.
Henry P. Dalton, Assessor, Ala
meda County, Cal.r-Dear Sir: Here
with please find our check for the
amount of taxes due upon the prop
erty of this company in Alameaa
County. Bo good enough to note that
we pay this tax under protest and
that wo will leave no legal measure
undone to set aside an assessment that
shows so utter disregard of the law
and of the duties of your office. Yours
truly, L. W. STORROR.
Superintendent Pacific Postal Tele
graph and Cable Company.
Armour Interests in Alameda.
OAKLAND, June 27.— Philip D. Armour
& Co. filed suit in the Superior Court
this afternoon against Uartin H. Schna
bel, Adolph H. Schnabel, Julia S. Schna
bel (as administratrix of the estate of
August H. Schnabel, deceased), and Wood, j
' Curtis & Co. for the foreclosure of a
mortgage on property on Santa Clara '
avenue near Walnut street, Alameda,
given to secure a promissory note for 110,
--000, dated at Sacramento, March 7, ISOS,
with Interest at 7 per cent p»>r annum.
Oakland Transit Company Sued.
OAKLAND, June 27.— Manuel and An
nir- Vlerra to-day filed suit against the
Oakland Transit Company for $5000 dam
ages for personal injuries to tho wife. The
complaint, prepared by Attorney Carl F.
Wood, alleges that on August 20. 1897, Mrs!
Vlerra wan violently thrown to the
ground by the sudden starting- up of a
car of defendant corporation while she
was alighting at Thirteenth and Wash
ington streets, sustaining a fractured
, wrist and destroying its normal use for
ever.
Granted Teachers' Certificates.
OAKLAND, Juno 27. -The County
Hoard of Education met this moi-ring
and granted certificates to the following
named teachers: Primary grade— Misses
Donna M. Whitaker. Ivy M. Perkins
Ruth Brown, Elizabeth Toohig, Clara
Alexander. KWa O. Jemsen. May Lemon,
Daisy V. Bowen, Mary Madson and Nollle
M. Powers. Grammar grade— Misses
Charlotte A. Deas, Marion L. Hanscotn
Susie Johnson. Jessie T. Doty and Mamie
A. McCuHagh;
The board awarded the contract for I
writing books Nos. 1 to 6 to the American
. Book Company and Nob. 7 and 8 to D. C
Heath & Co.
Reliance Club Withdraws.
OAKLAND, June 27.— At a meeting of
the Reliance Club Wheelmen it was de
! elded to withdraw from the California As
sociated Cycling Clubs. It was the gener
al opinion of the members that there
is grf-.a partiality in the association and
that its usefulness is curbed. Intimation
was given that other clubs will soon fo]
i low the example of the Reliance. L. A.
i Peekham was elected captain to succeed
C. A. Deakin.
MILLER WILL
BE ACCEPTABLE
TO THE MAYOR
Warned Not to Be in
a Hurry.
AN OFF DAY FOR MR. DOW
NEW POLICE CHIEF TO HAVE A
SQUARE DEAL.
. «
There Will Be No Changes in the Fu
ture Unless He Makes a Rec
; ommendation to the
Commissioners.
i .
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, June 27.
The Mayor spoke softly, Mr. Dow
whispered and City Engineer Clement
merely emitted a sound which was not
always clear enough for Secretary Jack
son to record without asking for a re
petition. The meeting of the Board of
, Public Works occupied about twenty
minute?; this morning.
The programme carried out was exactly
as published in Th*> Call a week ago. Mr.
Snow did not vote to re-elect Street Super
i intendent Miller, although he signified
that if he were let alone and not bothered
lie would do so in the future. James
Brannan, special police, officer, was not
j dismissed, and will not be until the new
1 Chief has had an opportunity to report on
! the propriety of such a move. Foreman
'■ John Rohan of the Firo Department was
, not dismissed, the Mayor hinting that he
1 had watched Rohan's work during the
past few weeks ami felt that his retire
, ment would not be for the good of the
■department. Charles Hammerton a-as not
I promoted from patrolman to detective, the
Mayor claiming that there Is no vacancy
among the detective force.
Everything Mr Dow had proposed was
frowned upon by the other two members.
the Mayor very plainly indicating by his
answers that Mr. Dow's resolutions were
for political effect ar.d not for the good
of the departments affected. He also
hinted that it is poor policy fit this time
to manipulate the Police Department in
any direction, as Chief Hodgklns will take
office next Saturday, ann he should be
j left alnne to manage the department and
make roromm<-ivlutlons regarding any
needed changes.
Au attempt was made by Mr. Dow tc
have a man named Beers substituted foi
Mike Hallahan as a member of the de
partment, but Hallahan won out by Lb<
i'otea if Snow and Clement. The attempi
to abolish Hi-- office at clerk to the Chi-i
of Poll c was laid over till the next meet
ing. After the board declined to dismiss
Brannan. Mr. Dow withdrew his resolu
tion appointing Charles Clark to Bran
nan's place..
An Old Landmark to Go
EERK.EI.EY. June 27.— The old womien
I structure standing near the corner of
i Alston way an«l Dana street, which whs
formerly used by the First Presbyterian
Church, is about to be moved. The build-
Ing Is quite a landmark in this city, hav
ing remained at its present location for
ov»>r twenty-five years. The new Friends'
' : <'hurch, recently organized, has purchased
i The building, and It will be placed on a
lot on Haste street between Shattuck
■ avenue and Fulton street.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, June 27.— Dr. Hubert N.
Powell, Health Officer of this city, re
j turned yesterday from a two months' trip
Ito the "East. He will resume his duties
i immediately.
The Board of Trustees Is planning to
I extend Durant avenue from where it now
; terminates in College way through to
; Piedmont way. The extension, if decided
! upon, will necessitate the removal of the
costly Davenport residence at the head of
the avenue.
The World-Gazette, the local evening
newspaper of this city, has been awarded
: the contract for the official printing of
. the town for the coming year.
Recreation Club Mrv Disband.
ALAMEPA, June 27.— The Encinal Rec
reation Club is financially embarrassed
and will most likely disband. The di
rectors have called a general meeting of
the members for next Thursday night to
discuss the situation and decide, upon
their future course. In the meantime the
directors are trying to effect a compro
■ . ■ -. with creditors.
The Recreation Club Is one of the bon
ton organizations of the city, classing
unions Its members some of the leading
society men of AJameda. At present it
is too* much in debt and its expenses are
running higher than the income. Th L >
directors consider the outlook hopeless
and do not desire to shoulder the re
sponsibility further.
FOUGHT A STUFFED OWL.
Did the Cat, and Is Dead as the Re-
suit of the Fracas.
On the showcase of the H. & D. Fol
som Arms Company, where Mr. Selbold
Is general" manager, stood a handsome
owl, stuffed and mounted. The top of his
head was 24 Inches from the glass. Price,
$9. Prowling lazily through the store and
basement, lord of all he surveyed, always
comfortably purring, was an honest tom
cat the pride and mascot of the estab
lishment. He watched the premises at
night and helped to open the door in the
morning Yesterday when Mr. Seibold
arrived for duty he found the floor three
inches deep In feathers, and Mr. Owl was
not in his accustomed place. Tom also
was missing. He did not help open the
door. The police were called In for an
investigation. '■:;.■ ■'. .. ,
In the course of the day the owl was
found behind th« counter in a dark cor
ner Nearly everything was torn out of
him but his eyes, and they were thick
with the dust of conflict. He was liter
ally skinned. Later on the cat was found
In the basement, stone dead. Then the
Coroner was sent for. The Inquest, ac
cording to Mr. Selbold, developed the fol
lowing facts: the cat, attending to his
At midnight the cat. attending to his
prowling, espied the eyes of the owl shin
ning gravely down at him. The reflection
of th« electric light in Broadway was re
sponsible. Cat and bird? Always a fight.
Up on the showcase leaped Tom. and the
savage attack was begun. Clawfuls of
feathers flew. The owl never blinked.
The steady shine of his eyes aggravated
the situation. The cat ripped and tore.
Off came the left wing, then the breast
was lacerated, then the neck was laid
bare Over and over on the showcase the
combatants rolled. Suddenly both fell to
the floor, where the battle was continued.
Under the counter beneath gunracks and
canoes the conflict raged. The noise was
beard in the street.
Poisoning cases are in the air. Imagine
that old cat fighting the silent, dead owl!
Could any situation be funnier? I can
not describe it. But the Coroner decided
that Tom came to his death by swallow
ing 100 grains of arsenic, placed by the
taxidermist In the body of the owl to pre
serve skin and feathers. Mr. Selbold has
set up the wreck in his showcase window
with this tag on it: "This Is the owl that
killed our fighting cat."— New York Press.
When Reed Helped Choate Out.
Mr. (tinate s appointment as fcmbassa
dor to England recalls a story current in
Washington several years ago. Senator
Wn'.cott, Mr. Repd— the famous T. B.—
and Mr. Choate were spending a cozy
evening together at Senator Walcott's
home.
"I have never smoked a cigar, I have
never played a game of poker and I have
never attended a horse race In my life,"
said Mr. Choate In the course of the con
versation. Mr. AValcott looked patheti
cally at the Speaker of the House:
"Twish I could pay that," he remarked.
"Toil can." said Mr. Reed; "Choate
did "—Philadelphia Post.
Accounted For.
She — How the ocean roars this morn
ing.
H« — That's not the ocean you hear. It's
the noise of the loud bathing suits on the
beach. — Philadelphia North American.
SAYS SHE WAS
DEFRAUDED OF
VALUABLE LANDS
Feronica Miller Sues
T. B. Draper.
CHARGES OF FRAUD ARE MADE
GAVE MONTEREY ACRES FOR
LOTS IN ALAMEDA.
She Charges That She Was Prevented
From Searching Title to Land
Mortgaged for Nearly Its
Whole Value.
Oakland Office San Francipco Call,
90S Broadway, June 27.
But yesterday Feronlca Miller was the j
owner In fee simple of 228 acres of land
In Monterey County, being a portion of
the Rancho Bolsa Nueva y Moro Cojo or
Castro grant, worth f-6500 at the lowest
estimate. To-day she filed suit In the
Superior Court of Alameda County
against T. B. Draper, the well-known con
tractor and builder, residing 1 in Alameda,
for the recovers' of the property out of
which she allegi-s she has been bunkoed.
According tv her complaint T. B. Draper ]
recently expressed a desire to exchange ;
his property on Willow street and Eagle :
avenue, Alameda. for the Monterey Coun- i
ty land, which is free from all incura
brances. Draper, she says, represented to I
tier that his Alameda property was worth
$8500, incumbered by a mortgages for $1100 i
and no more. The deal was closed yes
terday afternoon and the respective deeds I
were shortly afterward recorded in both
counties.
Mrs. Miller alleges that Immediately
after the recording of the deed for the
Draper property she discovered that all.
of the defendant's representations and
stati ments concerning the" mortgage upon
his i r perty were false; that In truth and
In f;iri the property is incumh"re.l by
mortgages amounting in the aggregate to
S3100; also that the property instead of be
ing worth JSSOO as represented by Draper
Is of no greater value than $4000. .
Plaintiff avers "that said false and
fraudulent statements and representa
tions were made for the purpose of de
ceiving plaintiff and with fraudulent ln
teni of inducing her to convey to him her
Monterey property."
She charges, too, that she was prevent
ed from examining the title of the Draper
property and from consulting an attorney
in reference to the same, Draper repre
senting this to be unnecessary and that
it would incur great expense.
Mr.-<. Miller is past sixty years of age
and ran neither read nor write the Eng
lish language. She asks, through her at- j
torney, that the derd to her Monterey
land be canceled, "ffering to reebnvey to j
Draper his property.
STOCK TICKERS.
E,un for the Exclusive Us 3of Women
Speculators.
A stock room run exclusively for wo
nifn Is doing a thriving business on the
eighth floor of Exchange Court. 62 Broad
way. Its patrons are all apparently well
to-do women, with a few girls bent on
doubling their allowances.
Tho name on the door is "Fred G.
Smith," and although it does not appear
on the building directory, the presence of
the women's stock room is well known
in the neighborhood.
Within the room, which is plainly fur
nished with a dark blue carpet, are a
woman's desk, a Japanese screen and
many rocking chairs. One waJI )s largely
occupied by a large blackboard for stock
quotations. One corner of the room is
railed off for a couple of men. One slight
and middle aged was called Mr. Smith.
He handled t lie telephone.
A blonde girl mounted on a tall stool
beside the ticker read from the tape.
called out the quotations, sympathized
with losers and braced up faint hearts.
Two women In shirt waists and white
aprons chalked prices on the blackboard.
Both were past the first youth. The little
one was called "Miss Smit.i," and be
tween chalks went behind the Japanese
screen and made iced tea and lemonade
for the customer?.
None of the patrons seemed particularly
lucky. "Miss Cozzens," a plump young
woman In a blue shirt waist, was de
spondent. "B. R. T." in some way had
proved h<*r undoing. Tho twenty-two wo
men one after t'i>- other offered her con
solation. All bill one.
"You ought not to have done that, any
way," said a large woman. "Tou'il lose
every time that way. The only way to
beat , this game down here is to play both
long and short. I'm going to use ray other
name. I've been married twice, you
know, and I'll use one name for 'short'
and the other for 'long.' "
"When will you (md out about sugar,
Mr. Smith?" said the woman Impatiently.
'■When is that dividend?"
A sedate woman murmured to her com
panion, "I'd no more touch sugar than a
red-hot poker."
Just thr-n Mr. Smith suggested to "Mrs.
Townsend" that it was a good time for
her to buy, and "Mrs. Townsend" obedi
ently fillrd out a blank she found on the
table. Soon Mr. Smith told her the price
at Which she had bought.
"Well, I'm even oa the day. anyway,"
said another woman to a friend three
rocking chairs away.
"Here's sugar," cried Mr. Smith, as he
listened to the telephone. "The dividend
will he announced to-morrow."
"Good!" cried the woman, rising from
her rocking chair. "And how much will
it be. Mr. Smith?"
But Mr. Smith raised both hands at the
very idea of his being suspected of hav
ing any such valuable information, and
the rest of the crowd promptly subdued
the woman with a Jeering laugh. The
room settled down to wait for closing
prices while the blonde girl monotonously
repeated ticker prices and "Miss Smith"
covered the blackboard wiui figures.
One woman saJd the room had been
open for some time and that nothing less
than $100 margin would be taken.— New
York World.
ARTIFICIAL SILK.
Discovered Again, and This Time
Cheaper Than the Heal Thing,
To prepare by artificial moans a substi
tute for the silk fiber which should pos
sess the strength and beautiful luster
characterizing: the natural product of the
silkworm has long been the aim of a
great number of technical chemists. Un
til quite recently, however, the competi
tion with nature could hardly be looked
upon as successfu). There has just been
brought to success in Glasgow, however,
a process by which the properties of nat
ural silk which art' of practical value can
be reproduced in a fiber ousting but little
to manufacture.
The Inventor states that the artificial
product, known as "Vanduara silk," can
be manufactured a 6 a cost of only 38 6d
per pound. When It is remembered tbat
the better qualities of natural silk sell at
from 15a to 19s per pound, it is at once
evident that the new process leaves con-
Blderable margin for profit.
The liber Is prepared by ejecting fine
threads of a strong solution of gelatine
from very small orifices on to an endless
band conveying them to bobbins, on
which they are reeled. After leaving the
small orifices, the gelatine solidifies in a
continuous fiber, a thousandth of an inch
in diameter, possessing a luster even
greater than that of natural silk.
The fiber in this state, however, is un
suitable for use, as it is easily spoiled
by water. In order to render it imper
vious, it is water proofed by a special
process, which docs not Interfere in the
least with the silky appearance of the
fiber. In its final state "Vanduara silk"
can be dyed any color, and takes the
dye much more brilliantly than ordinary
silk.
In one point only is the artificial fiber
inferior to the genuine article— viz.. Its
strength. But although "Vanduara silk"
does not w»ar so well as pure silk, it is
claimed that it is equal in Quality to
most silks on the market, which as a
rule have been deteriorated by adulter
ation. Many manufacturers who have
tried it are quite satisfied with its dura
bility.
An attempt was made in France to pro
duce an artificial silk of commercial value
and Dr. Lehner of Zurich turned out a
beautiful fabric, iiut as the cost was
from 9s to 10s per pound the British arti
cle has little danger of suffering from for
eign competition.
There is. too, especial source of grati
fication In the new process, since much
of the dyeinK of silk has ot late years
been taken from the hands of British
firms and transferred to those of Conti
nental dyers, especially those of Ger
many.—London Daily Mail.
"THE SAME OLD STORY"-
A STANFORD ROMANCE
Thomas A. Storey, a University In
structor, Weds Miss Parnie
Olive Hamilton.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, June 27.—
A wedding of considerable interest to col
lege circles was celebrated yesterday.
Miss PHrnie Olive Hamilton and Thomas
A. Storey, instructor in hygiene and or
Kanic training at Stanford University,
were quietly married at the home of the
bride's mother near Wesley, Stanislaua
County. Miss Lillian Kay was ih<' bride's
attendant, while Walter R. Haiti: ton
acted as best man.
The whole bridal party are Stanford
people. Mips Hamilton and Miss Hay
were charter members of the l>elta Gam
ma Society and have been prominent in
university social circles. Mis^s Hamilton
graduated In ISPS. Mr. Storey was a mem
ber of the class of '96, a member of
the Phi Kappa Psi fraternity, and :since
his graduation has been director 3f the
gymnasium.
Mr. and Mrs. Storey leave for j\os An
geles on their honeymoon and will return
to the university in the fall.
. ♦ ■
EFFECT OF THE DEAL
IN THE WINE SYNDICATE
Outsiders Think Growers Are Better
Off Outside the Corporation or
Association.
NEW YORK. Jure 27.— One of the larg
est California wine merchants in this cit?
said to-day that the. relations between
the Wine-makers' Corporation and the
Vv inemakers' Association had not bene
fited the small or modest dealers and i
winegrowers. Continuing he said:
"An arrangement between the two or
ganizations would he al! right if the as- j
sociatlon did not have the first choice of ;
wines controlled by the corporation, but |
what chance is there now for dealers who
are not in the association or for wine
makers to dispose of their product if it
has been rejected by the association
members who have celected the corpora
tion's choicest wines? The maker of good
wine is, to my mind, better off outside- the
corporation because he enn then dispose j
of his goods if he wishes to independent
merchants, or, In other words, lie would
have an open market for his wines."
THE RUSSIAN PROPOSALS
WILL BE REJECTED
That Is the Result of a Protracted
Discussion at The
Hague.
LONDON. June 27.— The correspondent
of the Times at The Hague says: As the
result of a protracted informal discussion
of the committee's report to-day the Rus
sian military disarmament proposals were
declared unacceptable.
SUNSET COMPANY SUED.
Santa Barbara Man Shocked by Elec
tricity While 'Phoning.
SANTA BARBARA, June 27.— George
W. Russell, an insurance man of this
city, has brought action against the Sun
set Telephone and Telegraph Company
for $0000 damages for injuries received
while using one of the company's tele
phones on the 15th of May. While Mr.
Russell was talking through the tele
phone he was cut off and switched onto
another line. He notified the operator of
the fact and In return received an imper
tinent answer, followed by a shock which
threw him across the room, partially par
alyzing and otherwise injuring him to
such an extent as to render it impossible
for him to attend to his duties for two
weeks.
J. F. Egan, manager of the telephone
company, alleges the shock was caused
by a live wire coming into contact with
the line, which gave a shock to both the
operator and Mr. Russell. The complaint
sets forth that the operator connected a
buzzer with a current of electricity which
was of heavy voltage.
THE FORESTRY ASSOCIATION.
Annual Meeting to Be Held in Los
Angeles £ T ext Month.
LOS ANGELES, June 27.— The annual
meeting of the American Forestry Asso
ciation will be held in this city on July
19 and 20. The Forestry and Water Asso
elation of Los Angeles County and the
Forest and Water Society of Southern
California are making elaborate prepara
tions for the event and to-day sent out
circulars to prominent people all over the
United States who are Interested in the
preservation of forests and water sup
plies.
Secretary of Agriculture James Wilson
has written that he will be here to pre- i
side at the meeting unless unforeseen
complications in Cabinet affairs sh»:id
arise in the meantime.
SWELLING THE CENSUS.
Indiana Woman Gives Birth to a
Quartet of Daughters.
LA PORTE. Ind.. June 27.— Mrs. James
Platt of Union Mills, this county, gave
birth to four daughters this evening.
This is the first time a quartet ha -
ushered into ihe world in La Porte Coun
ty and probably the first time in north
ern Indiana. The mother is 16 years old
and weighs lio pounds. The father is a
laborer about 30 years old.
"WABASH. Ind., June 27.— Mr. and Mrs.
A. C. Abbott of Huntington this Tnorn
ing became the parents of triplets, nil
boys. Each -weighs 5V£ pounds and all ara
lusty and will live. Mr. Abbott is a
freight conductor on the Erie road.
Sacramento League of the Cross.
SACRAMENTO, June 27.— Rev. Father
Philip O'Ryan of San Francisco, ln con
junction with Rev. Father Qulnn of Sac
ramento, has organized in this city a
League of the Cross, ln line with "the
leagues in San Francisco and Oakland,
•which number between eight and ten
thousand members. Father O'Ryan has
iust returned from MarysvTlle, where ho
likewise organized a league with a large
membership.
Fire in San Jose.
SAN JOSE. June 2S.— Fire this morning
destroyed the wooden building belonging
to Mrs. Smoot, adjoining the Auaerala
house on Santa Clara street. It was oc
cupied by S. Barland's restaurant, Hul
rich's barber shop and C. Stein's jewelry
store. Their combined loss will aggre
gate $4000; insurance. $1500, The building
was an old one and of little value.
A Needle in His Body.
VISALIA, June 27.— James Hutchins.
•who has been suffering for some time
from poison oak. while in bed to-day ex
perienced a prickling sensation in his
body. He placed his hand on the spot and
felt the point of a needle. He worked
at the nef' 11 *;' and succeeded in extricating
It. Hutchins has no knowledge of how or
when the needle got into his body.
A. M. Ozmun Dead.
I.OS ANGKI.ES. J*une 27.— A. M. Ozmun.
president of the Citizens' Bank, who was
stricken with paralysis on Sunday ni^ht,
died this evening. Mr. Ozmun never re
gained consciousnf-HS after h~ was
stricken.
To Guard the Prison.
SAN DIEGO, June 2.— Former Chief of
Police James Russell of this city has
been appointed captain of the puard at
San Qut'iitln Prison, to take effect July 1. ]
An Interrupted Investigator.
"The New York Tribune says that ',
President Loubet has brains."
"That's all guesswork. But if they'd
let that frisky royalist alone who was |
hamering L/ooby on the head with a can<; !
he'd have found out."— Cleveland Plain I
Dealer.
ADVERTISEMENTS. •
■—— — - ----.. L -.~~ .... ..-»—.-—■■,... .- ■ ■ — - »H»«
42131 if
A SUFFERER FROM
THE HEAT,
who perspires freely, will be 'surprised
when he notes how much longer the
linen done up here keeps fresh and cool
when the thermometer is on the ram-
page, than that they have ever worn
before. Our hot weather laundry work
is "done up" for keeps, and you save
money by having it done here.
"No saw edges."
The United States Laundry, Office
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 4-20.
/^%tK Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
MrjorJps 625 HK4RST ST. Established ••
HrTf"ffiSft in 1 " 5 3 for the treatment of Private
)%i5v,JaW nisenses, Lost Manhood. Debility or
K*t£a2w»e disease wearingon body and mind ana ■'
2ssa3psi2H bkin Diseases, doctor cures when
JJB^Ejßßra<.'.iiLi'sf2.!l. Try him. Charges lo^r"
?*I|aSS3ESs ('nrr«a;nnrantfrd. Call orwrlte.
•Dp. J. I. U9tt>K. Hex J"JS7. Francisco
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THH
great Mexican remedy; give* health and
strength to sexual orsaoa. 'Depot, 823 Market.-.
i "~""*.
OCEAN TBAVEIi.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
1 1
t i'fejv Steamers leave Broadway
' *>33(B«fc^ wharf. Ban Francisco:
'■ I W*&Est&>. f" or -Alaskan ports, 10 a. »..
! ■ ZslPls*X&®k June 15 . M ' K. 30: Jaly 5>
! ' £33 nSS^i change at Seattle.
I 1 fssKv!«S ISJ3 For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
iSlmß^il^^l C), Port Townsend, Seattle.
if^^li|#j\ Taooma. Everett. Anacortes
■*«m^E and New Whatcom (Wash.).
10 a. m., June 15. 20, 25. SO:
July 5. and every fifth day thereafter; change
at Seattle to this company's steamer* for
j Alaska and Q. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P.
! Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. June
IS, 28, 28; July 3, and every fifth day there-
-1 after.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon.
i Cayucos, Port Harford (San liols Obispo).
Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme.
. Pan Pedro, East San Pedro (TvOfl Angeles) and,
> Newport, 9 a. m.. June 17. 21, 25, 29; July 3.
, and every fourth day thereafter.
! For San Die^o, stopping only at Port Har-
i ford fSan Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Anjreles nnd Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m.. June 18. 19. 23, 27; July 1. and every fourth
1 day thereafter.
For Ensertada, Mag-rialena Bay, San Jose del
."aho. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia
; and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to chanfs
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hmiro nf sn'lin?.
TICKET OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
! street (Palace Hotel).
I GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. On. Agtn..
10 Market «♦.. Pan Francisco.
, THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DTPPAT^tt FAPT STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m. .
CADC ?1 2 l-'irst Clas* inclndlnK Barth»
rrtnC 58 Second Cln«i» and Meals.
Columbia sails June 22; July 2, 12, 22.
State of California calls June 17, 27; July T.
' 17. 27.
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butt*.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market street.
OOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Eve"v Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Louis July ."IXew York ...August 2
New York July 12 1 St. Louis August 9
St. Paul July 19 St. Paul August 16
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Kensington July SiA4ria July 2*
Noordland July 121 Pouthwark ...August 2
Frlesland July V.< WestPrnland Aug. 3
EMPiRE LINE.
Seattle, St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full information reprardins freight and pas-.
sage apply, to
i INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
SO Montgomery St., or any of Its agencies.
TOYO RISEN KAISffA,
STEAMERS JVILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
vr nor First aijo Brannan streets, 1 p. m.. for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Illogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
1 connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON MARU Friday, June 30
AMERICA MART" Saturday. July 22
> HONGKONG MART' Thursday, August 17
j Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
1 freight and passage apply at company's office,
i 4"1 Market St.. corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
j ■ ■ — -~-~ ~~~ ~~~~ ~~~ ~~~~~ ~~ ~~~ ~ ~~ "~^
ANCHOR LIINE
United States Mnil Steamship*
Sail from New York Every Saturday fop
Glasgow, via Londonderry.
Saloon Passage. $50 and upward.
Second Cabin
City of Rome. $35. Other Steamers, #30.
Steerage Passage
Rome. $25.50. Furnessla, $24.50. Other
Strs.. $23.50.
For Book of Tours and Information apply t»
HENDERSON BROTHERS.
' General Agents, 7 Bowling Green. New York.
Or J. F. FUGAZJI. E Montgomery St.,
Or Ix F. COCKROFT. 114 Montgomery St.,
Or R. R. RITCHIE. 2 New Montgomery at,.
SAN FRANCISCO.
fHWSt&BHI The s - s - Australia
ll il>BM3roK&* sa Hs * or Honolulu
| H * BJllt *» Monday, July 8, at >
i 5.,^ V^*\ S. S. Marlposa Balls
J *<tP>ni 1< \nin'' vla Honolulu and
" cylCollDlliy^ Auckland for Sydney
(nft\\r\WU-~ Wednesday, July 12,
VVIII^UICep a t io p. m.
; Favorite Line Round the Worlrt, via Hawaii.
! Samoa, New Zealand. Australia, India. Sues.
; England, etc.; $610 first class. ■
' ;. D. SPHECKELS & EROS. CO., Agts., fl4Montoom€n
i Pier 7 : Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St.
i ' T ~~~~ ~~~ ~~~~ "~~~ ~
! COMPAONIc! GENERAL? TRANSATLANTIQCK.
i DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS.
' Sailing every Saturday ftt 10 a. m. <J[jyOi
! from Pier 42 North River, foot of >«*"rare=»
Morton St. LA CHAMPAGNE, July 8; LA
I NORMANDIE. July 15; LA BRETAGNE, July
i "■'■ IA GASCOGNE. July 25: LA TOURAINE.
! Aupust 5. FlrFt-clas? to Havr^e. $65 and up-
i ward 5 per cent reduction on round trip.' S«o-
-j ond-c'laea to Havre. ?!■".; M per cent reduction
on round trip. GENERAL AGENCT FOR
! UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broad-
! way (Hudson building). New York. J. F. FU-
GAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Montgom-
ery are., San Francisco.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
i STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER 'H. J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at is a. m.
dally, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m.
! daily (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
i leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m.
dally (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main 805. , : :-/ : K*.'/;i
i — _______—_— — —^__^_^
FOB 0. S. NAVY-YARD AHD VALLEJOt
L Steamer "Monticello.*"
HON., Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
! a. m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thara. night); Tri-
\ days. 1 p. m. and S:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m., 1
; p. m. Landing and office. Mission street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE M*. !
1112
TOYO KISEN KAISHA'S STEAMER NIPPON MARU IN QUAR
ANTINE AT ANGEL ISLAND.
NIPPON MARU
PASSENGERS ARE
IN QUARANTINE
Developed Bubonic
Plague en Route.
NO ONE LANDED AT HONOLULU
PASSENGERS WENT ABOARD AN
OTHER STEAMER.
The Vessel Will Dock To-Morrow, but
the Cabin and Steerage Unfor
tunates Will Be Held
Seven Days.
The Toyo Risen Kaisha's steamer Nip
pon Maru arrived from Honolulu yester
day ni"rn::-.E and was at once placed in
■ li tine. No one was allowed on board
ami L'nited States Quarantine officer Dr.
J. .7. KJnyoun Issued strict orders against
anything b< Ing sent ashore.
The Nippon Maru sailed from Hongkong
foj H;in Francisco on .Mj\ .4. and two
days later a <': I erage passenger
ikon sick with what wa -
to be bul i •-. Two days bei r<
the' steamer reached Nagasaki the Mongol
died and the Japanese authority a |
the vessel in quarantine. She was not re
basf.d until June 3, and then a start was
made for Honolulu via Yokohama.
On June 14 another Chinese died and
three days later the Nippon Maru reached
Honolulu. The Hawaiian Board of Health
would not accept the report of the phin's
surgeon and the embalmed body of the
Chinese was examined. Dr. Day pro
noum ed it a death from bubonic plague
and Dr. Carmichael agreed with him. A
portion of the body was secured and sub
mitted to Dr. Alvarez, the bacteriologist
for the Hawaiian Board of Health, and
he had no difficulty In discovering the
bacillis of the bubonic plague. That set
tled the Nippon Maru. as far as Hawaii
was concerned. Her passengers were re
fused, a landing even in quarantine and
her. freight was not accepted.
It locked at first as though the steamer
would have to come on to San Francisco
with her Hawaiian freight and passen
gers and take her chances here. Her
agents, however, succeeded in chartering
the steamer City of Columbia and with
the permission of the. Hawaiian authori
ties that vessel was anchored In the
stream and the Nippon Maru transferred
her passengers and cargo. She was
coaled and watered by lighters and on
June 19 Bailed for San Francisco.
The Nippon Maru lias the following
cabin passengers for this port:
C. B. Barff, H. H. Beers, Pierre Bert,
Mrs. Browning, J. 11. Dye. General Wil
liam McR. Dye. C. V. Davis, John F. El
liott, Dr. F. M. Fearn, Mrs. Dr. Fearn
and infant. A. G. Griffin and wife, Dr.
and Mrs. W. L.. Hall and three children,
A. Heunish. Rev. and Mrs. Charles In
wood, Mrs. M. Klrkpatrlck, Misses M. R.,
E: a. and D. A. Kirkpatrick and Miss
Kirkpatrlck, D. W. Kirkland, H. Matsin,
S. T. Scott. T. D. McKay, A. Miwra, D.
Mnlr. G. Muir, George Myer, George A.
N. whall, E. B. Reynolds, H. Sahural, F.
R.-Schwabe and wife, Mrs. Shiralshi and
governess, P. T. Shirk- v. Rev. Dr. D L
Sheffield, J. Strauss, A. W. Stlven, S.
Taus'hi. C. Todson, Earl H. Webb, Dr.
Joseph A. Welsh, Sir James Westland,
Miss Westland, W. E. Weed and Mrs. W.
Winston .and child.
'I'.estdes these she has six second cabin
and 138 Chines.- and Japanese ste<
engers for San Francisco. Quaran
tine Officer Kinyoun paid several visits
to 'thfe steamer, but has not yet decided
whe.ther to hold her in quarantine for
two .days or a week. All the passengers
nre either landed or will be landed at the
Quarantine station and then the Nippon
Maru will go alongside tho ciuarantlne.
hulk to be fumigated. She will bo re
leased and will dock on Thursday, but
the passengers will have to remain in
quarantine until next Tuesday.
Among her cabin passengers is Sir
James Westland, Minister of Finance for
India. He is on his way to London. 1»r
Fearn is a San Francisco physician and
Earl H. Webb Ih the attorney for the
eteamship company. G. 11. N"ewhall is
a. member of the firm of H. M. Newhall
& Co. "Tom" McKay i;i the agent for the
Burlington route in Japan.
Deputy Surveyor of the Port St. John
would not take any chances. He laid the
case before the Collector and with his
sanction did not put am Inspectors
aboard the steamer. He t-ngagi d I
son's launch Amy, however, and kept a
[iatrol around the Nippon Maru all day
tmd night. .
TRANSPORTS FOR MANILA.
Valencia Sails To-Day and the
Pennsylvania Will Probably
Get Away on it .day.
The transport Valencia will depart to
day and the Pennsylvania will leave on !
the SOth for Manila. The headquarters,
band, two troops or the Fourth Cavalry
anil. two comjanits of the Twenty-fifth
Infantry will sail on the Valencia. The j
■headquarters and Company H of the i
Twenty-fourth, two companies of the ;
Twenty-fifth Infantry ami 500 recruits |
will sail on the Pennsylvania. The trans
port Cleveland has been chartered again '
and It Is said that she v.-i!i take down 400
recruits on her next trip, as well as a !
general cargo.
■ Janes Stickeen, or "Siickeen Janes,"
was released from San Quentin yesterday
and was uruund the water front looking
up hi ß' old friend?. Btlckeen at one time i
ran a sheet called the City Front da
zette, but later went to San Diego and j
started a scurrilous paper there. jj c got j
three years- for criminal libel and Tils
term expired yesterday. Stickeen told I
eeveral of his friends <m East Btreet that i
"his friend. Governor Gage." had given
hin: JJO with which to make h frt-:-h start J
In life. Btlckeen showed the gold piece .
to all as a proof of the Governor's gen- j
eroslijV
The ferry steamer Tiburon broke her ;
ehaft last Sunday night and the Uklah j
i" now running In her place. As she was |
entering her slip the- slraft went with a I
snap. Luckily th<-- engines wire stopped
at the time, so no damage was done. The
Tiburon w< I ■ Tiburon with only
one paddle wheel yesterday. She will bo
■ d there.
The American ship Heola arrived from
N> wcastle, N. S. \\\. yesterday after a
smart passage of sixty-six days. She has
beaten four vessels that lefi before her
Into port. Nothing but favorable weather
countered during the voyage.
The officers of the coast survey steam
ers Gedney and McArthur have changed
places. The men of the McArthur will go
north on the Gedney and survey south-;
eastern Alaska, while the men of rhe ;
Odnov will remain with the McArthur
in San Francisco and survey the bay.
HOTEL NYMPHIA AGAIN.
The Obnoxious Scheme Bobs Up Only
to Be Defeated.
The Hotel Nymphia Bcheme camp up
before the Fire Committee of the Board
pervisors in a new guise yeßterday,
and upon its being exposed was definitely
knocked nut. Hannah Bros., contractors,
nought permission to make certain repairs
to the building at 1108 to U24 Stockton
street, which it was represented was in
an exceedingly bad condition. One of the
members of the firm denied that it was
a revival of the Hotel Nymphia scheme
and said it was merely Intended to place
the property in good repair for the pres
ent tenants.
A number of church organizations,
represented by Attorney Barrett, pro
on the ground that the application
whs merely a scheme to carry out the
hotel project by altering the building
piecemeal. Rev. Father Caraher. Rev. Mr.
Urmy and others spoke against granting
rmlt, and the committee denied the
petition.
The bills aggregating over (8000 for cable ;
f.>r the t;r>- alarm and police telegraph
underground circuit, which Supervisor
Perrault laid before the board on Monday
and which were referred to the Fire Com
mittee, were referred back to the Finance
Committee with the recommendation that
they be paid. Superintendent Hewitt
explained the deficiency caused by the |
purchase of cable by saying that he or
dered the cable but it could not be de
livered at the time. Thinking that it I
would not be ready for delivery until
after the beginning of the next fiscal year.
he had spent the balance of the $20.f>00 in '
laying conduits. The cable had arrived :
ahead of time and consequently would
have to be paid for now or not at all.
Fire Chief Sullivan reported adversely
on the petition of certain Chinese firms
to maintain wire screens in front of the ■
windows of the premises occupied by I
them; accordingly the committee reported
adversely to granting the permits.
JURORS' DEMANDS ARE
STILL IN LITIGATION
SUPREME COURT SAYS THEY
ARE NOT URGENT.
The Lower Tribunal Must First Pass
on the Claims and the Matter
Be Determined on Appeal.
The Supreme Court has refused to con
sider the application for a writ of man
date to be directed against the Super
visors to compel the auditing of jurors'
demands as a matter of urgency, and
hence has refused to issue the writ as
prayed for. In consequence proceedings
will now be Instituted In the Superior
to compel the auditing of the de
mands, but owing to the action of City
and County Attorney I,ane In refusing to
Instruct the b^.ard to abide by the de
cision of the Superior Court some time
will be occupied on appeal before the Su
preme Court.
It was understood at the time of the re
jection rif the claims by the Board of Su
pervisors that a decision of the Superior
court upon the question involved would
be sufficient authority for the future ac
tion of the board. In consideration of
this a proceeding was brought by Attor
ney L. P. Board man before Judge Cook
to have the matter decided. On further
consideration the Hoard of Supervisors
and their advisors concluded that if Judg
ment went in favor of the jurors in this
proceeding they would appeal the case
to thfl Supreme Court.
In order to obviate the delay which
would follow from an appeal in the ordi
nary course of proceedings the case in
the Superior Court was dropped and on
Saturday last application was made to
tii« Supreme Court for an original writ
of mandate to compel the Supervisors to
act favorably on the claims. The Supreme
Court will not issue this kind of a writ
where application may also be made to
the Superior Court in the first Instance,
except in cases of extreme emergency,
and It was claimed in this case that un
leES the question involved here should be
determined lief ore the expiration of the
present fiscal year the fund in tho treas
ury of the city which had been formerly
set aside for the payment of these fees
might be transferred and the Jurors left
without any remedy] In denying the ap-
Uon for the writ the Supreme Court
virtually holds that the claims of the
jurors are statutory and not liable to be
paid out of any particular fund, but are
payable out of the general fund If the
city is liable for their payment at all.
The case having been relieved of all
elements of urgency by this considera
tion, proceedings will now be instituted
anew in the Superior Court and the case
appealed without delay and an early de
cision Is expected.
CORPSE AND COFFIN
Thrown From the Wagon and the
Horse Killed.
A team driven by a tenmster for T^otils i
Arata. liveryman. 716 Pacific street, which I
was taking a Chinese corpse to the Chi- I
nese Cemetery, ran away on Pine and '
Dupont streets yesterday afternoon. The
driver held on to the reins as long as h<
couUl but could not restrain the terrified j
animals. The runaways dashed down I
Dupont street to Sutter and along Sutter i
to L'avenworth, where they turned south !
and at the corner of Post street the I
wheels struck a telegraph post and over- |
turned the wagon. A Chinese who was i
Bitting on top of the coffin was thrown !
to the Btreet with the coffin, which was
smashed in pieces und the corpse rolled
out. The wagon was wrecked and one of
the horses killed.
Dr. Lawlor, the new Health Officer, and '<
Officer Hutterworth happened to pass at :
the time, and, acting under the doctor's
Instructions, a new coffin was procured i
and the body conveyed to the cemetery.
THE SAW FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 28, 1899.
THE SEA LIONS
MAY YET BE
THINNED OUT
Eastern Sportsmen
Interested.
A DAY AT THE FARALLONES
THE ROOKERIES INSPECTED BY
I>. C. A. STROTHER,
He Was Greatly Amazed at the Great
Size and Large Numbers of
the Wolves of the
Pacific.
There was an expedition to the Faral
lon Islands yesterday that is likely to
have some bearing upon the question of
killing sea lions, as a means of preserving
the food fish and especially the salmon,
in the near future. A number of gentle
men, whose reports and views on this
subject will have a certain weight at
Federal headquarters, went to the islands
as the guests of Captain U. Sebree. the
'lighthouse inspector of this district.
Principal among them was A. T. Vogel
sang, chairman of the State Fish Com
mission; Deputy A. W. Wilson, and Lan
celot C. A. Strother, a scientific gentle
man and sportsman recently from the
East. '
In order that the importance of the visit
to the home of the seal herds may be un
derstood it must be remembered that a
couple of months ago the State Fish Com
missioners were urged by the river fish
ermen to take steps toward reducing the
sea lions, which are killing thousands of
pounds of food lish, to say nothing of
the loss of nets costing from two to four
hundred dollars. Permission was obtained
from the Federal authorities at Washing
ton to carry out the plan laid down and
a number of expert rifle shots were sent
to the Farallon Islands and to the rook
eries near the bay. It was also decided
not to do much killing until the breeding
se;LS"n opened in June, when the animals
have less I't-ur for the hunters and their
guns.
About the time the real work was to
have commenced the permission by Uie
Federal authorities was suddenly revoked
on account of a few protests sent to the
Treasury Department by a number of
Eastern sentimentalists and the League
of American Sportsmen, who seemed to
have an idea that the thinning out meant
the extermination of the sea lion herds
of the entire coast. Mr. Vogelsang at once
wrote to the people at Washington pro
testing against the latest action and de
nouncing the interference of those who
were not familiar with the situation here.
The force of his argument seemed to have
some weight, for when Mr. Strother head
ed for the West several members of the
league expressed the wish to have tne
views of an enthusiastic sportsman upon
the situation. As it was about the time
for Captain Sebree to make his regular
trip to the islands he. invited the gentle
men to go out with him.
The lighthouse tender Madrona left the
city at 7 o'clock yesterday morning, and
in due time was piloted to the islands by
Master Davies. T'nder the care of Cap
tain W. A. Beeman the party was taken
to the big rookery on what is known as
the Saddle Rock, where the main breed
ing ground is located. At this season of
the '.ear the large males are particularly
savage, and unless a gun is used they pre
vent man from putting foot on the rocks.
As shooting had been prohibited the party
was obliged to view the situation from a
distance. The rock covers an area of
several acres and from the top to the
water's edge every part was occupied by
"king bulls," females and hundreds of
pups.
Mr. Strother was astonished at the
enormous size of the sea lions. Tie stated
that the Impression of the protestants in
the East Ik that these animals are about
the same size as those exhibited in the
zoological gardens, something over four
feet long. Those he saw yesterday run
from eight to fourteen feet in length and
weigh from 1200 to 3000 pounds.
Several of the larger ones measured over
three feet through the. neck six inches
back of the ears. It was estimated that
on the Saddle Rock alone there were
fully 2500 sea lions, to say nothing of the
young, which were very numerous. From
there the steamer took tho party to the
North Farallones, four huge rooks which
are several miles to the north. The same
condition of aTfairs was found to exist
there, only that the sea lions were more
numerous. The rocks were covered with
the fish killers, and more were ooming.
A rough estimate by the members of the
party placed the total number of seals in
sight at over 9000. A short run was mode
to tho rookeries at Point Reyes, but the
rocks were deserted.
Mr. Strother states that the people of
the East have no conception of the situa
tion here. While he did not say what re
port he will make to his friends, it Is safe
to say that if his arguments have any
weight the prohibition to killing will be
raised next season. It is very likely that
the personal observations of Mr. Vogel
sang will be sent to the authorities at
Washington.
Mr. Strother will next visit the rook
eries to the south in a day or so. From
the rookery below Half Moon Bay he ex
pects to secure the head and shoulders of
one of the large bull sea lions to send to
his friends in the East for Inspection.
The specimen will eventually find lodg
ment in one of the institutions of learning
at Toronto, Canada.
WANTS HER SALARY.
Eleanor Giusti Sues Manager South
well for $202.
Mlpb Eleanor Giusti apparently changes
her mind as frequently as she does her
stage costumes. Miss Giusti, who is a
San Francisco girl, returned to her native
city with the Southwell Opera Company,
under contract to fill an engagement of
fifteen weeks at the Grand Opera-house.
Along in May Miss Giusti withdrew from
the company, she Fays because of a se
vere cold, hut the other Fide says because I
of her refusal to submit to the discipline j
of the s=t;ts:e. At any rate. Miss Giusti I
has brought suit In the Justice's Court
against Manager Southwell for $202, which
she claims to be due her. An attempt was
made to levy on Southwell's interests j
here, but it was found he had transferred ,
them all to Walter Morosco and is now on
his way East.
Rumors of the contemplated s\ilt were
afloat some time a^ro, but Miss Giusti I
positively denied that she intended taking
any such step.
MINNIE ADAMS' TRIAL.
Prosecution Still Offering Evidence j
Before Judge Lawlor.
The trial of Mrs. Minnie Adams, chared j
with the murder of her infant son, John
Richard Gray, was continued before
Judge Lawlor yesterday. Mrs. Lena !
Kenny, whose name has been frequently
mentioned in connection with the case,
was the first witness called yesterday.
The witness testified that she was called I
to the house immediately after the child i
had swallowed the poison, and she ad- j
ministered mustard and water and salt
and water in an effort to make the child
throw off the poison. As this brought no
relief, a physician was sent for and he
attended the child until it died. She also
said that the child's face was severely !
: burned by the acid, and then left the ;
I stand.
Dr. H. A. Niemeyer, who attended the !
| child, was next called to the stand. He '
! said that when he reached the dying in- j
1 fant's bedside it was frothing at the j
: mouth and very close to death, He at ,
: once administered an antidote, but with- '
out avail.
L. K. Thrasher, at present United States
storekeeper and ganger at Antioch, but
i who at the time of the crime was a jour
i nalist, testified as to having been shown a
paper permeated with carbolic acid which
was found in the lavatory at the Adams
home, his testimony in a measure cor
roborating the prosecution's theory that
■ Mrs. Adams took the child into the lava- j
i tory and administered the poison to him.
; Dr. Zabala was on the witness stand when
j the case closed for the day. i
THE BASTILE'S FALL.
French Colony Preparing for a Great
Celebration of the Event.
The French colony of San Francisco
is making arrangement p for a proper cele
bration of the 14th of July. The executive
committee, of which A. Legalet is presi
dent, J. S. Brim vice president, .Tuels Go
deau treasurer and A. B. Rlchet secre
tary, held a meeting Monday night in the
rooms of the Cercle Francaise and dis
cussed plans for the celebration. It was
decided that it shrill be held at the
Chutes; that there shall rip a naval battle,
literary exercises in the afternoon, includ
ing an address by Mayor Phelann and the
singing of the "Star-Spangled Banner"
by Mme. Coursen-Roeckel. The other feat
ures have not yet been decided upon. The
festivities will close with fireworks and a
grand ball in the evening.
He Alleges Malpractice.
William L. Brown filed suit yesterday
against the Societe Francalse de liien
faisance Mutuclle to recover $20,000 dam
ages for malpractice. Plaintiff alleges
that r,n November 27, 1597, he suffered a
fracture of the leg. He went to the
fendant hospital for medical treatment
but was bo unskillfully treated that the
fracture failed to unite. Hence the suit.
Still Arguing the Welbum Case.
Gavin McNab and Frank H. Gould ad
dressed the jury yesterday for the de
fense In the "Welhurn case In Judge De
Haven's court. Mr. McNab occupied the
morning session and Mr. Gould began his
argument in the afternoon. Mr. Gould
will conclude this morning and United
States Attorney t'oombs will then close
for the Government.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
W Mead, Alameda T J Quigrley, Manila
'; Saylor, Alameda ,T )i Hooper, Stockton
C, T Williams. Kern W Melle & w. Boston
W D Morton, Kern M E Kstes, Alturas
A Swcnk. Pomona V ,1 Bolger & w St
W Ballson, Nebr Paul
J X Garner. Courtlnd A Smith & w, Oakdle
,\ E Llvlnerston. Ogdn J A Glover, Ijos Ans:
F Smith. Uklah
PALACE HOTEL.
J F Baker. Ogden F Jerrerd. London
3 K»'ini>fion, Holton Mrs .Irrreni. London
II N Smith, N V Mi*s Palmer, London
S L McKeon, Pltt^burp E i> Baker. Yreka
H E Banner. N _ I. Scrutton, l^mdon
H R AY 1, l'hila E c Klauber Chicago
!■■ I. Parker. N V B Thomas, N V
R X IriKalls. N V A J Rosenheler, Pa
W F Kennedy, N V M !/ Rlorden Nev
J F Boyd, 8 Rafael Mrs Riorden Nev
A H McCarty, lowa J T Rlorden, Nev
Mrs McCarty, lowa E Morse, Boston
T T Williams. Marin W Heffleflnger, Manila
E Beylad, S Mateo Mrs d"Oley, Paris
B. Fitzgerald, Oakland V A d'Oley, Paris
A 1^ Levlnsky, Btktn W G Miller, I" S A
D McLean, U B A R lAHfrnnn. Nevada
Mrs M'-!.'-;in. V S A W M P!m.=. Sacto
.1 ii West, N V .1 Armby, Chicago
Mrs A Norton, Boston Mrs M Jam»?, N Mcx
Misa Norton, h I n
GRAND HOTEL.
I) II Jackson. « 'al Miss McCadden, c a i
5 WnMman. l'.-.rtiand .' .-is I' Hull * w, Cal
M Leach, Plymouth Mrs N T Hiddle, Cal
I. Green, Petaluma Mr? li iilciouts CaJ
J H Roberts, Sacto N G Kleketts. Cal
T RUBsel, Cal S3 P Poland, Cal
F C Stettler, Dayton O bllver X Finn, Folsom
J '' Franks. <"'nl U' B Anderson. Napa
B S Oath, Oormany Jas E Shellenberper
T Ross, Germany I" S A
Dr. >" W Kellogßr. Cal!W H Nic^is, Courtld
H Haus#r, Salinas IE W Mitchell & w,
James McDonnell, Cal ; lowa City
Mrs. T P Carrtgan.Cal W E Price & w, Cal
A C Davis. Cal. J M Morley, Michigan
B B Denlnjr & f, Cal .1 H Glide, Bacto
Mrs. M A Fuller, Cal X L Cherer &■ f. 111.
Miss N E Fuller, Cal 0 (JCamphell A W, Cal
Mrs. H C ■tt'rijrnt. < *010 W J Killlp & w. Cal
I P Lyndall, Ix.s An Dr. Whltlnck, Mercpo"
M Droyfu. New TorklDr. E S OBrlpn. Cal
Mildred Eddy, Cn) O G Hay & w, Mo
Jas McCadden, <\il i >r. \V M I.awler, Cal
SAN FRAN CISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Ran Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
urt'.l 12 o'clnck »very nlfcht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
2S7 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
639 McAllister street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Iaarkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.,
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets: open until 9 o'clock.
DIVIDEND IVOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Ravings and Loan So-
ciety, 101 Montgomery St., corner of Suttpr.
The board of directors declared a dividend
for the half year eivlinK June CO, 1599, at tho
rate of three and eighty-four one hundredthe
i:;.M) per cent per annum '>n term deposit!)
ar.d three and twenty hundredtha (3.201 per
cent per annum on ordinary deposits, free o*
tnxes, and payable on and after Saturday.
July 1. 1N99. "Di\ Mends not called for arc
added to and bear the same rate of dlvi-
il'-nd as the principal from and after July 1,
IM*9. CYRTJB W. CARMANY, Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 94 (SO
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable Ht the office of the
company, 327 Market st.. on and after SAT-
URDAY, July 1. IS9».
Transfer books will close on TUESDAY,
June 27, I? s *?, at " (.'clock n. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
I 'l VII >I-:\ I > noticr-.-Thr! <Vntlnental liuildinc
and Loan Association of California, 222 San-
some st.. has declared for the six months
ending June SO. 1599. a dividend of 6 per
cent per annum on ordinary deposits. 7 per
cent on one-year term deposits, 10 per cent
to class "F" stock, and 14 r>er cent to class
"A" stock. WM. CORBIN, Secretary.
HUMBOLDT Savtnps and Loan Society, 18
Geary St.— The directors have declared the
followlns semi-annual dividends; 4 per cent
per annum on term and 3 1-3 per cent per
annum on ordinary deposits, payable on and
after. July 1, IWI.
ERNEST BRAND, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Mutual Savings Bank
of San Francisco, 33 Post st. — For the half
year ending June 30. 1899, a dividend has
been declared at the rate of 3 and six-tenthi
(3.6) p»r cent per annum on all deposits, free
of taxes, payable on and after Saturday
July 1. 1R99 OEOROE A. BTORY, c a <=hier'.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The German Pavings
and Loan Society. f.2fi California st.— For th>>
half year ending: June 50. 189?, a dividend ha«
been declared at the rate of four (4) per
cent per annum on term deposits and three
and one-third (3 1-3) per cent per annum .on
ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable n
and after Saturday July 1. 1899.
GEO. TOURNY. Secretary.
DTVTDEND NOTICE— San Francisco Savings
Union, f.32 California st.. corner Webb— For
the half year endinc with the Kill of June,
1599. a dividend has been declare*? at the rate
per annum of four (4) per cent Oil term de-
posits and three and one-third (8 1-3) per cent
on ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable
on and after Saturday. July 1, 1899.
LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
MEETING NOTICES.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, V. and A. _,
M.— Degree Third THIS «*?£ A
PAY) EVENING, June 28, at 7:3" Xj*
o'clock. By order of the W. M. /V>
H. FORTRIEDE, Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. and A. a
M.— Special meeting THIS (WEDNES- _J_
DAY) EVENING. June 28, at 7:30 «V
o'clock. By order of the W. M. /V 1
THEODORE E. SMITH, Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M.— _~
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) _J^
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Second de- 'X V
gree. By order of the W. M. /Vt
_. H. C. BUNKER. Secretary pro tern.
MORSE Lodge No. 257, I. O. O
F.- Initiation THIS (WEDNES- «§»"!£«£.
DAY) EVENING. June 28. All
members are requested to be y v/li'^ >
present. Visitors cordially invited.
GEORGE BROWN, N. _.
C. BRIND, R. S.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SPECIAL, NOTICES.
SERVIAN-MONTENEGRIN lienevolent
ciety, 10 California St., room 13—1725, 560
1324, 1753, 3SO, 357. 1237. 903, 795, 395, 1740. 192
313, 350. 307, 1711. 1910, 1593, 1713. 1945. IRS
1733. 594, 1949, 927, 781. 119, 952. 1959, 325, 930,
1727, 1507, 534, 1320. 1970, 1902, 1314.
100 AMERICANS wanted to form the nucleus
of a society for the preservation of American
Individuality and manhood. Box 4526, Call.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5520.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; ail kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant 56.
SITUATIONS WANTED — FEMALE.
NEAT young Irish girl desires situation at
houseworok; references. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st."
FIRST-CLASS laundress desires situation; ref.;
city or country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
FIRST-CLASS waitress desires situation; best
ref. , city or country. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS girl desires situation; under-
stands German and American cooking; best
ref.; city or country. MISS CULLEN, 225
Sutter st.
COMPETENT woman with a child desires sit-
uation; ref. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
AN English woman, good cook and house-
worker, $12 to $15. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
NEAT German girl to assist with housework
and children, $15. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sut-
ter st.
SCANDINAVIAN cook, first-class references,
wishes situation. .See J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 316 Butter st. __^
YOUNG woman wants work by the day; waeh-
Ing, Ironing and housecleaning. Address SI
Moss s<t. in rear, between Folsom and How-
ard and Sixth and Seventh; $1 a day; car tare.
COMPETENT Eastern woman; good cook; will
do some washing; short distance in country;
neat and obliging; good reference. 270 Jessie
Ft., near Fourth.
YOUNG colored woman wishes place general
housework; good cook, laundress; her em-
ployer will give best references; Oakland or
city. Call '.;;<! Eighth st., Oakland.
WANTED By a young woman, light house-
work or housekeeping; good home more an ob-
ject than wages. Address Box 4701, Call.
COMPETENT girl as nurse to invalid; under-
stands mental troubles; best reference and
hospital experience; from East. 2813% Bush st.
WANTED— Situation by reliable German girl
to do light housework and assist with cook-
Ing. Call at 217 Second st.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman wishes posi-
tion as working housekeeper in country. S4S !
Third st. i
WOMAN wishes housecleaning, washing, iron-
ing; is first-class worker. Address bos 4Ci's,
Ca 1 K
SITUATION wanted by young woman to do
light housework. Please call at 116 Montgom-
ery aye.
EASTERN woman wants situation in city as
tirst-class cook. California House, Howard
and Fourth sts.
ELDERLY Scotch woman wishes a place on a
ranch; Is a good cook and housekeeper. Ad-
dress 136 Fifth st., ear Howard.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants position as
housekeeper In family of adults. A. B. C,
West Oakland Postoffice.
GERMAN woman wishes work by day; wash-
Ing or house cleaning. 149 Fourth st.
YOUNG girl wishes to do light housework.
3356 Eighteenth Bt., near Capp.
WOMAN wishes sewing by the day at home.
138 A Fourth St., room 4. >
WOMAN would like plain sewing and mend-
Ins to do at home. 821 Mission St., room 1.
WANTED — Work by the day; good references.
706 Larkln st.
GERMAN girl wishes a position as second girl
and sewing. Box 451 8, Call office.
NURSE to child over 4; Eastern hospital train-
Ing; thorough hygiene; good education. L.
D.. 1259 O'Farrell st.
USEFUL companion to elderly sick or nervous
person. T. W., 1259 O'Farrell street. :
YOUNG girl wishes a situation to assist with
■work or second work. Call 1221 Webster.
HEALTHY young wetnurse wishes charge of
infant. Ad"dress DOCTOR, Box 4535, Call
WOMAN wishes work by the day; houseclean-
ing, washing or Ironing; handy with sewing.
224! Mission st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
poFtnge paid.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 41 -V O'Farr^ll St.; tel. East 424.
BARBER— First class; steady; have worked
in top position; wish to work in first-class
downtown or short-hour shop; all such an-
swered; none others. Box 4702. Call office.
WANTED or house cleaning or other
small jobs; have seven hours to spare every
day. HENRY ANDERSEN, 952 Bush st., I
telephone East 963 I
YOUNG man who understands the cigar busl-
ness wishes position as clerk or in factory.
Addrci .box 4.V.1, ''all office.
PRACTICAL gardener, understands his busi-
ness in all branches and good horseman,
wishes a situation. Box 4«96. Call office.
GOOD tailor and bushelman wishes a situation:
best references. I. COHN, 846_ Folsom st.
WATCHMAN or messenger; intelligent colored
man. 28 years of age, recently honorably dis-
charged from Twenty-fourth Infantry with
high rank, strictly temperate, desires posi-
tion as watchman or messenger; best of ref-
erences. Address J. M. D., 2816 Baker st.
POSITION wanted as manager, cashier or
bookkeeper by a first-class man of experience;
very highest references given: thoroughly
posted on Pacific Coast trade; can give cash !
bonds. Address box 4513, Call. t
FIRST-CLASS engineer and machinist would
like a. position; thoroughly understands
dynamo; strictly sober and reliable; furnish
best of reference. Box 4532. Call.
MAN wishes position as Janitor or porter;
■peaks English, French and Spanish; first-
class references. Box 4523, Call office.
STBONG young man wishes a situation; will-
ing to do any kind of work; wages reason-
able. Box 4525, Call office.
ALL around domestic salesman wants posi-
tion in country: at present employed in city.
AddreßS box 4536. Call office.
POSITION in grocery store or butcher shop as
delivery clerk by young man 17 years old.
2328 California st.
JAPANESE will do house cleaning from 5 to
12 a. m.. in office or family. Box 4703, Call.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Cull, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
HELP WANTED— LE.
2 FIRST-CLASS second girls, $20 and. $25, city.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
POUR cooks, city and country, $25 each; 10
housework girls, city and country, $20 and
$25 per month: 6 second girls, $25, $20 and $15;
a number of young girls to assist, $10 to $15.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK for Eureka. $25 per month, fare
paid. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
HOUSEKEEPER, city, $12 per month. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter s*.
WOMAN with a child, housework. $10 per
month, country. MISS CULLEN. 325 butter.
WAITRESS and chambermaid. Port Costa,
$20 and fare paid; waitress, Glen Ellen. $20:
waitress. Trinity County, $15: chambermaid
and wait one meal. $20, Woodland; waitress,
same place, $20; chambermaid and waitress.
San Mateo. $25; 10 waitresses and chamber-
maids, city. $20 and $25. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
TWO housework girls. Belvedere, $25 each; a
■ mother and daughter as cook and second
girl, boarding house, city, $30 and $35. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
I NOTICE— For the accommodation of waitresses
who are . working and who wish to go to
the country this office will be open from
8 to 9 ii m. : see ll»t of positions now open.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., Phone Grant 186.
6 waitresses, water resort $-0
4 waitresses, Santa Cruz 20
3 waitresses, same springs 20
Head waiter, springs • •>''
2 waitress, mountain resort - 1 '
Waitress, Lake Tahoe -''
6 waitresses, resorts near city ZO
Waitress, Tocaloma -•'
2 waitresses, Cazadero -''
Waitress. Napa, mountain resort 20
Head waitress, commercial 'i. . -
-2 waitresses, commercial hotel -- oO
25 waitresses for hotels at Fresno,
Marysville, Oroville, Woodland,
Jamestown, Sonora, Healdsburg,
Stockton, San Mateo and city 20
4 chambermaids to wait, city and coun-
try 20
3 women cooks $23, $30 and So
6 fancy Ironers for San Jose and Yal-
lejo $30 and 40
And for private families, girls, cooks, house-
girls, etc., for city and country, $15 to $-■•■
c. R. HANSEN & CO., lU4 Geary st.
WAITRESS for State of Nevada, $20, fare paid.
C. It. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
.'....*.. " NOTicE !
For the accommodation of waitresses who
are working and who wish to go to the coun-
try, this office will remain open to 9 p. m..
See list of positions below: « \ '
4 waitresses water resort $20
3 waitresses... Santa Cruz $20
3 waitresses same springs $20
waitress Lake Tahoe, fare paid $20
4 'waitresses i !az idero $20
6 waitresses resorts, near city $20
3 waitresses Pacific Grove $20
2 waitresses ...Santa Cruz Mountains $20
. waitresses Paraiso Springs $20
2 waitresses Commercial Hotel $22 nO
20 waitresses for Fresno, Bakersfleld, Stock-
ton, Healdsburg, San Rafael, Reno, Nevada
(many of them free fare) $-"
3 waitresses, city, $20, and 2 chambermaids to
wait, $20; 2 chambermaids, first-class hotel,
country, $20. C. . R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st. *
WOMAN cook for small country hotel, $35 and
fare paid, see party here at 9 a. m. . 2 woma,'n
cooks, $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
6 FANCY ironers. city and country, $25 to $40.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
GERMAN or Swtdish houseglrl, Boulder
Creek, $25, and many cooks and housegirls,
city and country, $15 to $25; 2 nursegirls, $10.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— waitresses, country hotel. $20:
waitress, family, $25; second ironer, second
girl, country, $23; nurse for invalid, $20; Ger-
man cook, $30; 2 neat girls for housework,
short distance in country, $25: 6 neat girls
for general housework, city, $'.O. and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter St.
RANCH cook. $25; housekeeper, short distance,
$20 to $25, see [arty here; young woman to
cook for 4 men, $20; second girl, $23; second
girl, Oakland, $20; houseglrl, 2 in family, $20;
2 housegirls, $25 each; nursegirl, $15. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, country hotel, $20. HOTEL GA-
ZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
I Al PUPILS for select millinery school; trade
I thoroughly taught: satisfaction guaranteed;
j terms easy; evening classes. 506 Leavenworth.
GOOD plain cook and housework woman about
40 years old, Protestant, $12 month; good
home; country. J. R., Station I), Oakland.
YOUNG German girl for general housework.
for country bakery; wages $15; fare paid.
Inquire 337 Turk st.
WANTED— GirI for cooking and general house-
work; no washing; wages $15. Apply 219
Hayes st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher wanted on pants. Ap-
ply at 227 Fifth st.
A YOUNG girl for general housework. Call
I*--.!! Fell St.
___—_
' NEAT girl to assist with housework; German
preferred. 451 Guerrero st.
I WOMAN to assist with children; no cooking.
j Apply Restaurant. 331 Bay St., near Mason.
! WANTED — Waitress for restaurant. 1300
I Turk st.
NEAT young girl, light housework, small fam-
ily; $10. 3723 Twenty-second St., near Castro.
2 FIRST-CLASS ironers. SAN RAFAEL
FRENCH STEAM LAUNDRY.
GIRL wanted; country; references; willing to
learn; $20 or better. Address box 4333, Call.
IN Sausalito — German or Scandinavian girl for
cooking and housework; references required.
2631 California St., bet. 2 and 3.
EXPERIENCED shirt operators; best prices;
steady employment. Eagleson Co., 535 Market.
OPERATORS on overalls. LEVI STRAUSS &
CO., 32V4 Fremont st. ; apply to Mr. Davis.
Al PUPILS for select millinery school; trade
thoroughly taught; satisfaction guaranteed;
terms easy; evening classes. 506 Leavenworth.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages; sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage mid.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
i . NO OFFICE FEE
FOR THE COAST ROAD
ship this morning ship to-morrow morning
free fare free fare
WANTED
100 teamsters 100 laborers
16 tunnel men wages $1 73 to $2 30 a day
C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
'..' 104 Geary st.
TIMBERMAN who can sharpen tools for a
mine, see boss h*re early: *3 50 a day; ranch
blacksmith, $33; blacksmith, country shop, $2
day and found; man and wife, private place,
$30 and found; choreman, $25; choreman, $15;
choreman, $10: 16 farmers, $1 25 a day and
found: 4 farmers, $30; 3 carpenters, $3 a day;
vaquero for a cattle ranch, $35 and found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
FRY cook. $40; baker's helper, $25; both for
Lake Tahoe and free fare: bread baker, hotel,
$45 and found; baker and pastry cook, coun-
try hotel $35; second cook country hotel, $30;
dishwasher, springs, $20; 4 dishwashers, city,
$25.
2 waiters, same country hotel, $30 and found,
free fare; Omnibus, country hotel, $25 and
free fare.
Hanger-up and shaker-out for a summer re-
sort laundry, $25 and free fare; washer, $30.
C. K. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
5 COLORED waiters for a hotel North, fare
advanced; 3 colored extra waiters, country
hotel, free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st. ___^
TALL experienced window cleaner, $40. for an
office building. CV R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
SHAMPOOER and wife for a spring's baths.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
NO OFFICE FEE
FREE FARE
100 MEN WANTED
TO-DAY ONLY
SHIP WEDNESDAY AND THURSDAY
FOR VALLEY RAILROAD
Scraper holder, $2: Shovelers, $1 75.
Teamsters. $25 and found
C R. HANSEN & CO.. Employment Agents,
104 Geary st.
WANTED
machinist, country shop 25c per hour
blacksmith's helper, country shop
20c per hour
blacksmith's helper for ranch. .s3o and found
3 milkers, near city $26 and $30
' farmers $1 10, $1 25, $1 50 and $1 75 per day
ranch teamsters, near city $1 and $125
4 more miners $32
3 laborers for mine $1 75 to $2 50 per day
3 men, handy with carpenter's tools. for
mine, $2 per day; and 101 others: 20 laborers
for railroad tunnel, no experience required
$2 25 to $2 50 per day; 10 laborers for brick
yard. $30 and board and free fare. W D
EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
NOTICE— AII men. young or old, who want
work and mean business, please take notice
that the old reliable employment agents W
I). EWER & CO., have bought out the 'weli
known firm of R. T. WARD & CO.. and have
moved to the latter firm's number, 610 Clay
st. Remember that we guarantee every posi-
tion as advertised and will refund office fee
and fare both ways to any one who does not
find work where we send him; no other em-
ployment office gives this guarantee. W. D
EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
DRIVER for milk route, in city; references
required: $3T. per month and found. W. D
EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
YOUNG man to help in bakery^ and drive
\\ai?on for small country shop, $26 per month
and found
Also ....."."•!!!
cooks for boarding houses', in country $40
and $35. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
TYPEWRITER and stenographer for large
ranch, $50 per month: must be young man
with some business experience and good pen-
man; references required. W. D EWER &
CO., 610 Clay st.
ANDRE'S office. 316 Stockton st.— lt ncr,
laundry. San Mateo County, $35; laundry-
man, $35; 20 laborers, $2'!. fare advanced;
night waiter, country. $30; young man to
Itarn waiting. $20; dishwashers, vegetable-
men, etc.; better call; see our list.
COOK. $40, hotel, country, good place. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN waiter for institution. $15 per month,
country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sinter at.
MAN cook, country. $20 per month; see party
here. MISS CULLEN, 32."> Sutter st.
A QUICK painter wanted. Call bet 7 an.! 7:30
o'clock, 72 Dehon st.
2 WAITERS, $25; 2 pot-washers, $2'i;~ege-
tableman. $25; dishwasher, $20: 5 colored
waiters, $25 for country hotels and springs
HOTEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
HELP WA\TED-Contlnoed,
1 MURRRAY & READ'S PHONE MAIN 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY FROM 7 A. M....
3 brick masons 2 machinists
4 stone masons mill bench hand
: foreman boiler maker 1
$6, $5. $4, $3 50, $3 and $2 50 day on above 1
jobs
IX SAX FRANCISCO
6 2-horse teamsters
$1 75 a day and $30 and found
23 laborers... $2. $1 7." a day and $3ii and found
6 laborers, board home $175 a day
HAY AND HARVEST FIELDS
129 men for every position in fields on harvest-
ers, heading, etc., $2 50 tn $1 2." day and
found for every county in California
•• DAIRIES AND FARMS
36 milkers $30 and $25 and found
19 chore men and boys for ranches. $23, $20,
♦15, $10 and found for all parts of California..
1-7 orchard, farm and vineyard hands, $2*5,
$30, $25, $20 and found
Gardeners — Sack sewers. Kay balers, etc.
• MARRIED
6 men and wives for farms. $45, $40 and $35
i and found
•••••••• ANYBODY" CAN .;.-.-
pick fruit, work in packing drying houses,
etc.. dig small trenches so- water can run
down between vines and trees, etc.. help with
other work, $26 per month and found for a
California bank ...
BLACKSMITHS-CARPENTERS
12 blacksmiths, horspshoers and helpers for
shops and mines, sawmills ranches camps,
etc., $2 50, $2 day. $60, $50, $40 $30 and found..
BIG WAGES
12 laborers, 8 hours' work, tare 50c $ M
14 laborers, 10 hours' work, fare 50c $75
12 teamsters, 4 horses, free fare
(45 and found
974 OTHER LABORERS
for all parts of California, from $75 to $28
and found
DRILLERS-HEADERMEN
22 men for above work {90 month
19 men for street car companies ;...
6 carpenters for mills and buildings S3 day
BUTCHERS-i-STABLEMEN
3 shop and slaughter houso hutrhpr?. 15, $30
and found: 3 stablemen, different jobs, $25,
$30, $40 and found
YOUNG MEN OR STRONG BOYS
3 to drive grocery and bakery wagons, $15
and $20 and found
TO GOLD, SILVER AND OTHER MIXES
73 laborers no experience required, from $fio,
$50, $40. $30 and found and $2 30 and $2 day.... i
3 foremen $30 and found
FREE FKEE
To 9 different railroad lobs for
drillers muckers laborers...
stonemasons teamsters — section hands
etc., wages $3 50, $2 50, $3. $2 day ..
board and lodging —"I
TO-DAY FREE
16 laborers for a sawmill company to do
common work, no experience required. $28
and found •• ■ •
26 crosscut sawyers 27 tree fellers
14 jack screwers 9 bark pee1er5.........
2 head donkey men 9 spool tender*
log fixers shingle jogger screw turners
and other help. $70. $65. $50. $45, $40 and $30
and found ,""'i
hundreds of woodchoppers and tlemaKers....
SECTION RAILROAD HAND 5........
12 laborers for railroad section, free fare,
boss here. •••■••■•; ' £ ■ ready; " ' ->
..'. 634 and 636 Clay St.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ......... BAKERS
37 cooks for different positions, also 4 second
and 3 third cooks for hotels, ranches, camps,
mines, saloonF, restaurants, cafes, etc
160, $50, $40, $35. $30 and found
19 'waiter's.'..' ....$3O and $25 and found.
27 dishwashers $30, $25. $20. $15 and found
5 waiter boys 3 pantrymen 4 porters
4 bakers and 3 assistants •
$40, $35, $30, $25 and found
.-...; LAUNDRY HELP
3 laundrymen for hotels; ironer and polisher..
$35 and found
" MURRAY & READY,
"1........ 634 and 636 Clay Bt.
872
Men and boys wanted for different positions
not advertised for ARIZONA, . .
HAWAIIAN ISLANDS. ...OREGON. ...CALI-
FORNIA. ...WASHINGTON. ...wages from $6
day to $30 and found
COME AND SEE MURRAY & READY.
FREE FARE 634 and 635 Clay st.
i FOREMAN for a gang of laborers, $50 to $60
and found: city Job. MURRAY &. READY.
634 and 636 Clay St.
FOR SPRINGS HOTEL
Chief cook, $60 to $70 •■•
second, $30 to $35 dishwasher $20
fare paid, see boss here 9 a. m. MURRAY
6 READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— quartz miners, $2 50 day, Fee boss
here this morning; blacksmith's helper for
mine $1 50 day; laborers for mine, $2 day;
carpenter for mine, $3 day; wagon maker,
$2 50 day; carriage painter, $2 50; blacksmiths
for camps, $40 and board and $60, and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— buyer for country. $25 to
$30 and found; fruit farmer and wife, $50;
dairyman and wife: 3 milker?, $25; farmers,
$26 and $1 50 day; stableman, $30 and found;
buggy washer, ?30 and found; teamsters and
laborers; woodsmen, and many others for
different kinds of work. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., BiS Sacramento st.
WANTED— Baker, $10; restaurant and board-
ing house cooks. $30, $35 and $10 week; night
waiter $35; elevator boy, $4 week; ranch
cook, and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
623 Sacramento st.
WANTED— A first-class mill man to take
charge of planing mill in San Francisco;
must l>e an energetic young man willing to
work himself; state wages and reference.
Address box 4699, Call Office.
PAINTERS— first-class painter to
paint and decorate cottage as first payment
on a lot. THE MCCARTHY CO., Real Es-
tate and Home Builder, 646 Market st.
WANTED— To-day; a steady man for perma-
nent place: will pay $15 per week with chance-
of Increase; must have $60 cash; experience
not necessary. 1032 Market st., room 4.
M \RKER and distributor wanted fop small
laundry Address or apply to JOS. T. CAV-
ANAUGH. 2212 Folfom, bet. 7 and 9:30 a. m.
BOY with fome experience at dining-room
and chamber work. Boarding-house, 739
Fourth st.
! WANTED— First-class cylinder feeder. Apply
printing department John Partridge, 11 Hal-
leck st.
' GERMAN speaking all around man for portsr
work in wine house; wages $10 per week. Box
4694, Call office.
SMART boy. about 15 years, to work In towel
laundry. Mercantile Towel Co., 251 Jessie.
BARBER wanted at ISSS Mission st. to-day.
GOOD barber; steady employment. Apply 2241
Mission st. ■ '
GOOD barber for Wednesday, Saturday and
Sunday. 329 Fourth st.
BARBER wanted: good extra job. 626 Fourth.
BARBER with 1 year experience at 131 Valen-
cia st.
BARBER wanted; steady work. 229 Hayes st.
WAITER wanted. IS Eddy street.
FIRST-CLASS cook for home cooking. RES- .
• TAURANT, 531 Ellis st, Call early.
PAINTER with two falls, for country. lIS
Ruse street; S to 12. .
WANTED— Distributors. EMPIRE LAUNDRY
CO., 755 Bryant street. __^^____
GRILL maker wanted. 211 Ellis at.
MAN with $225 cash; must be satined with $S
day. Western Investment Co.. 9 Geary st.
YOUNG man or boy for paint!) B some expe-
rience. Call 7 o'clock. 1129 Mission st.
WANTED— shoemaker for repairing and
facing. 830 Broadway, Oakland.
i BOOKKEEPER. and milling business.
Can get good salary
In addition to dividends
By purchasing my Interest. $2750.
By v .HOO-HOO. 5567, Oakland Cal.
i . .
I GOOD tailor on custom made coats. 620 Keamy
«t.. room 1. nrs^ floor-
WANTED An outside salesman for teas and
coffees. 203 Fourth st
WANTED- Man to drive a milk wagon In city,
$33 and found; references required. 610 Clay.
WANTED Teamsters to drive scrapers; wages
$175 and -I 90; board $4 50 per week. Apply -^
E. B. STONE'S camp, near Grant station, on
Valley Road.
BOY from 14 to IS years of age. Apply 246 Sut-
ter st., room 14.
TO go this week soo pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new, from 50c to $1 50; new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission st.,
bet. Ist and 2d Bts. ; open 5 a. m. to 9 p. m.
WANTED— Good barber; steady job. Apply
871 Market st.
BARBERS— 2-chair shop for sale cheap on ac-
count of departure. LURLINE BATHS.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting, 35c to
50c. 562 Mission st. .between Ist and 2d. sts. •
I MEN wanted everywhere to distribute samples •
and advertise California Orange Syrup; $3
per day and expenses paid; cash every week;
particulars for 2-cent stamp. California
Orange Syrup Co.. San Francisco, Cai.
WILSON House. 775 Mission St.. near Fourth—
100 modern rooms with hot, cold water; free •
baths: electric lights; elevator ;2:c to $1 night.
ELLIS, 321 (Rosedale House)— l6o rooms, day.
week or mo.; -ates. 25c to $1 per night: re- 1
duction to permanent roomers; reading room; •
EN — Laborers, drillmen and team- •
sters on railroad work; fare Oakdale to
Sonora free. Apply to BUCKMAN, 302 Mont-
gomery st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1154,. •;;;.:: HELP WANTED— Continued.
. ■ WANTED—^Laborers and mechanics to know
'•;• .that Ed. .Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
. • runs Denver House. 217 Third Bt.; 150 large
•;■ .Toomp; 25c- per nt.crht: Jl to 5: per week.
"j SOLPIERS. sail or heirs desiring pensions
m . tTftVe.l pay. e-tc. Fee L. .M. SHERW< "II i, 812,
¥■ sixth; floor, Examiner building. Ban Francisco.
: SAILORS «rd ordinary teumen for coast ar.d
• ; . .Aus-trallaat HERMAN'S. IS Steuart St.
WANTED^2O- men to occupy room*; 10c per
.flight gfrc'. to SI per w!i. 105 Now Montgomery,
-. WANTED— .IS men to find clean, central, ohean
r-ms.;>sc. 60c night;' hkpg., Jl 25 up. 38 3d st
: WANTKD-Mct can le.im the barber trade tor
! . <". Nt 1542 Market st.
2C"I SINGLE furnished roorr.s. 10c, 15c and 25c
per night L-indell, Sth and Howard; read. m.
■ MEN" ami women to irr. barb»r trade at 3 F
:l-UI BARBER COLLEGE. 138_ Eighth St. ' '
, '-. PENSION S-J. H. SKEPARD &i CO. attor-
y- — — ne-ys. Hearst Jr., Third nr.d Market.
■. : SINGLE rooms. 15c. Me. 25c per riipht: 75c $1
: - 'to $3 M * e '' k - Elcho House. SG3V-J "Market st.
-. TRY Acme House. 957 Market st. below Sixth
' - for a room; 2:<: a night; $1 a week.
;' : : "WANTED— collect wages due laborers and
. ' clerks. Kdox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
.;. WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third sT.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms 25c night; 1 line room: free
• ■' bus and baggage to end from the ferry.
• CHF.APF.ST and best in America— Weekly
Call, 16 razes, sent to nr.-.- address In the
unit* States -- Canada one year fr.r Jl.
r~-."»pe r.n1.1
HOUSES WASTED.,
PARTLY furnished house 10 or 15 rooms
CHAM. 161 New Montgomery st.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED— Board for a party of six at a farm
I Mac from 15 to S5 mil's from city. Address
with terms, etc.. C. P. GIBBONS. S?j San-
■ me st.
1 _ ROOMS ANTED.
. WANTED — or 3 furnished sunny rooms, with
bath, for light housekeeping: must have m>?d-
era Improvements. Address box 4: : Call.
: WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED — Photograph tent and dark room;
trust be cheap for cash. Address Photo, box
' tf% Chlco. Cal.
. . ■WANTED — To hire 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pea.] bars; long job. K. B.
-. STONE, Eirr.hurst.
ROLLER top desk: second-hand; must be tine.
Box 1C«. Call office.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
' $-400— 10-ROOM ccr. flat: worth $1000; nly. S4OC
■ SO rooms; new fur. $250 cash, balance $10. 1000
22 rooms: on Howard st 500
..A ' 10-ROOM HOUSE: NEW FURNITURE..
$100 CASH
..BALANCE $10 PER MONTH: PRICE $450..
Country hotel and bar; 3' rooms 1600
6<-rc«m Cat. near Emporium 250
15-rocm house; worth J5OO 250
;..:••!• H. C. DECKER,
IP2O Market Ft.. 1020 Market st.
WOO— BOADHOUSE, near the city: fine busl-
ness. H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
BOARDING and lodging house.. South
.-' ' Sail Francisco; 14 rooms; fine furniture: 14
steady boarders; clearing JlOO monthly; best
oj reasons for selling. Apply HEALY & CO.,
917 Market st.
J3y— LODGING house. 10 rooms: 'bargain this
day. Mclaughlin & CO., 777^ Market.
room lodging house: central: best In
. city; bargain. COWING & CO.. (95 Market.
14 ROOMS; established 10 years; fullest Inves-
tlgatlon. LARSETN, SIS Bush Ft.
LODGING house. 3S room?, all furnished; price
:J2OO. Apply 1524 Stockton Bt
TEHAMA. 154 — Rooming house of 20 rooms:
: light and sunny; in good condition; rent J35.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
. . TAPESTRY. Brussels carpets. laid and lined,
' .' :50c. Eastern Outfitting Co., 1310 Stockton Ft.
.'. FOR SALE— Bedroom set. Apply 927 Brannaa
.street.
• ■■■ \^- — :.. ; —
.; -4- ROOMS furnished in oak for $4S 50. with No.
'.- 7 rar.g». King Furniture Co.. 1127-USI Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
-. ' JENSEN Furniture Stor*. 73 9th. buys, sells.
»xch. new & sd-han4 fur.. carpets, stoves.
MI SICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for it
cash and $6 p«r month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and aDcrove this method; prices are the
fame as If purcha*>«l tor all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon seme easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
;If per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
■" £ telnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
tts.. Pan Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
tcest of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASES.
. ' !«, 28 and 80 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs and
nil ether musical Instruments of all grades
■ ; and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
■ ' thing possible done to please and satisfy ths
customer. '
HAINES BROS. Baldwin and other standard
• ' . makes; second hand. $100 up; wholesale prices
to all. W. a HAMILTON, 324 Post st.
<L^iSs; UPRIGHT piano In fir.» condition; also
■ ■ the famous Hornur.g Bros. 216 McAllister St.
. CHEAP Stelnway upright: also the famous
. H^mung Bros.' pianos. 216 McAllister st.
" BARGAINS— big lot pianos put on
: . sale cheap. "Wilson's Storage Rooms, 1710 Mitt.
A NEW Chlckerlng and 3 Stelnways. Keeffe's.
■ 1019 Van Nees aye., nr. Geary; tel. Larkln 704.
OUR epecialty Is renting new pianos. $2 50 per
mo. Bcott-Curtax Piano Co., 660 Hayes st.
R. A. DANIELS ii now with BYRON
MAUZY, SOS to 812 Post st.
. A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up; Installments, $8 73 up;
rents, J2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 13S Ellis.
EOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
■ Post st.
W. a BADGER. 41d Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett ft Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ. 16
McAllister St.. next Hlbernla Bank.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
. LER A CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, rlthers. eld and n»w. W.
MULLER, maker, repairer. V Latham place.
EDUCATIONAL.
XMOINEERING School, civil and mlr.
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol.. min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
. ' BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
lI BALD' B BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
. ■ HOLMES College of Oratory— Term opens
August 1: elocution, literature, rhetoric, phv-
.• • «leal culture. Delsart<\ vocal music, piano.
violin. Journalism, practical acting, statre
■' technique; IS Instructors; degrees conferred;
: day and even! classes. Address secretary
• -for" catalogue, roum 4. Odd Fellows' big. S. F.
' ' AYKKs' Business College. 723 Mark«t St.;
' shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
. penmanship, English branches, etc.; life
scholarship, $50; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as. teachers;
Ellis system: sunny rooms; low rates; day,
■ even. Kan Francisco Bus. College, 1226 M«'..
• I School, civil, electrical, mln-
lny, mech survey, assay, archl.; day & eve.;
*M. ISC4 VAN PER NAILLEN. 133 Market.
P ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, stenography, pri-
vate lessons, J5 mo: top flat. 514 Hayes st.
.' MATHEMATICS, history, English; coaching
• .' specialty; during vacation " mo. 220 Eddy.
. LAW Schools. P27 Market. S. F.. and ?■« Broad-
•__way. Oakland: day and night; correspondence.
• PIANO lessons by a competent teacher: ten
years' experience; 50c an hour. 620 Eddy st.
'•EXPANSION"' 7 the order at DURHAM'S Bua-
■ lness ■-.•■. Larkln St.. <■]■;< ■' v Hall.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
. ■ ADVICE free; R. \v. Kins, attorney at law, j
• . sixth rio<ir, Chronicle building : no advance I
.'■ .charts: estates, mi>rt?:iK"s, damages, attach- !
■ mci ' bxnkrijptcy. all cases; wills, contracts, \
etc.. drawn; moderate fees; call or write.
MAOUIRE 4: GALLAGHER— James G. Ma- !
puire (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla- ,
' g-her (ex-City and County Attorney) have j
. moved their law offices i., the Parrott build- !
' ' ing. (525-855 Market Et. ; tel. South 215. I
• ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private:
• •no fee without success; collections. G. W.
: .'''-HOWE, atty at law. 800 Market, cor. Stocktn.
' ADVICE free, no charge unless successful. W.
•■■ ;,V. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.. <pp Mason.
I. S. CLARKE— Emma Spreckels~bullding.~P27 j
■ '. -Market: consultation free; no fees In advance, i
"~ LOST.
; LOBT^Black and white water spaniel; Mind In
: right eye. Return to FRED MEYER, Ni;
'•■'. corner Turk and Fillmore sts.. and receive;
reward. j
"LOST— White fox terrier, black flesh mark on !
■ .Itfft ear. Reward when returned to M. URL
: • ISI9 O'Farrell st '
. ifosT— Purse with valuable papers. Reward
•' ' ;lt Hotel Jefferson, Jefferson and Broderick
■ ! ?tB., .Harbor View. I
'. Person a 1 papers marked JULIAN L I
: WALLER. Return Examiner Office; reward, j
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— 1800; FRUIT, produce and poultry business
In lnrgest market In Oakland; rent ft; estab-
lished many years and splendid paying:
Eiokness of owner only cause of sale. R. (J.
WILKE, 906 Mai el st
A— ALL kind of patents for ale; bring In your
Inventions. R. G. WILKE, *06 Market s=t.
J6ooo— CORNER grocery and bar; very best lo-
cation; few blocks north of Market and Jones
sts.; first-class cash custom; horse and
wapron; owner to make a trip to Europe cau -
j of £a!o. Inquire R. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
A— s2oo; RESTAURANT and chophouse; rent
540; close to Wells-Far&'o Express Co. Call
it. G. WILKE. DOG Maiket^^
A— Si>;,o; CORNER saloon on Sixteenth and Mis-
! slon; 11 vine rooms; rent low; lease; a
i first-class paying place; no better offer for
man ar.d wife. Call R. G. WILKE, 906 Mar-
ket st.
A— ?l-u<>: BAKERY In lively country town;
established years; monthly saies Jli-GO; rent
$2.".; h'iri-e, wEKon, living rooms; a good-pay-
| ir.g business. Cell K. G. WILKF,, Mni Market.
I A— $1000; CORNER grocery and bar: living
, mis. ; one-half block from , leland's Brewery;
daily receipts about SW; cash trade only: ;i
rare chance. Call R. G. WILKE, SO6 Market.
?.~oi>— DELICACY and dairy store; gilt-edged
business. MCLAUGHLIN &■ CO . 777 Market.
J7oi' v -PALO<>N: bargain; ether business cause
of rale. McLAUGHLIN & ■■.:;■; Market
i SALOON for rent; business location; lease to
I responsible parties. McLAUGHLIN & CO.,
■
j $sro— HOTEL, furnished, near the city; good lo-
| ration. McLAUGHLIN A; CO.. 777U Market.
GROCERY store for sale; stock, fixtures.
horse and wagon of grorery at northwest
corner of irk and Fillmore its.'; Inventory
I may be seen at premises ami at Curtln it
Real's, room 24, third floor, Mills building;
sibmit ealed bids to D A. Curtin. Mills
! building, on or before Thursday. .Tune 29, 10
I a. m., accompanied by certified check for 10
per cent of the amount offered, returnable
only in case of rejection; the r!cht re-s-rved
by the eaid D. A. Curtln to reject any and
all bids; terms cash.
ATTENTION BUYERS— BAP.GAINS.
See them. HEALY & CO., »17 Market st.
$325 — Market St.; ilquor f.aloon.
Elegant grocery and bar by inventory.
Partner, mnfg. business; clears J3OO month.
Partner In paying legitimate business; $126.
•1000— rRUIT, fish and oyeter ttor-; best part
city; north of Market st. ; established 15 years:
r-celpts J:0 to J25 dally; actually worth $2'»r,
rea&ons for Mcrlf.ce. M. LKSS A CO.. 7fis Mkt
j SNAP; French restaurant doing fine business,
with 22 mis., all rented. BASILE. 573^ Mkt.
i WANTED— Cheap for cash. 5 to 10 fur. rm. flat;
Market or Kearny: central, l'asile. STaVj Mkt.
I J2l'o— PARTNER wanted In light business; Jl5
j to $2! a week; trial given; no experience re-
! quired. Western Investment Co.. 5 Geary st,
! DELICACY Etore; -...--■ cause of sale.
i sickness. COWING i CO.. So Market ft.
i J2so— ONE-HALF Interest established business,
I paying J4 daily; trial; no competition. Box
j 4700. Call 'office.
i SANDWICH wagon for sale or rent; established
I 5 ears. Box 4593. Call Bee.
| NO. 1 cigar store; day trada. Apply 100 Mont-
j gomery st. ; offer wanted. .
J3500— MILLINERY business, established for
! over 25 years in second city on the coast:
! commands the finest trade; only first -class
| millinery store; location unexcelled; experi-
! er.ced help who have been with the business
1 for 15 years will remain.
The price asked I? about one-half of cost;
j owner must sell; going to Europe with sick
! daughter. Address or Apply Immediately.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
450-462 Kigiith St.. Oakland.
I J3P.OO— FAMILY liquor store; building, lease and
I good will for sale; most prominent stand on
the water front; near the Government dock.
Folsom st.; a good paying business for 2;
van; no agents. Box 4530. Call office.
BARBER wanted to carry on established busi-
ness: tenant leaving; rent $16; pood oppor-
i tunity; Grand aye.. South San Francisco. San
Mateo County. Address box 423, Call office.
Jloo— DELICACY stand in a market. doing
pood trade: no nlsht or Sunday work; owner
another business; make offer. Particulars.
Apply 5S San Pablo aye., Oakland.
{j;OO— TOR one-half interest in two butcher
shops: Includes horses, wagons, book ac-
counts, etc.; in good location; monthly re-
ceipts fl2oo. Address Box 4799, Call.
NEW i\rA second-hand furniture store, doln?
good business; orly one in city; tern rea-
sonable. Address A. C BOWLES, Vaca-
vllle. Cal. _^
GOOD hotel in Sacramento: doing first-class
business: good location; 65 regular boarders;
reason of disposal, parties going to leave. In-
quire Call office.
CIGAR and confectionery ..re, with billiard
room, at transfer point, for Mile. Apply
Call office.
BUTCHER shop, newly fitted up in fim-c!as3
style: cheap rent. NW. corner Eddy and
Buchanan sts.
FOR eale— Branch bakery, candy, notions; 2
living rooms; owner retires; rent Jl4. 605**
Filbert st.
I GOOD country hotel for sale. Inquire €15 San
Pablo aye., Oakland: no agents.
J7s— BAKERY ar.d laundry; rent $14. with nice
living rcoms. 437 Fulton Ft.
i FOR Fale. fine grocery and tar; good location.
Corner Post and Isadero st*
■ FIRST-CLASS grocery and liar. Inquire Wle-
land Brewery, Be nd St., near Folsom.
' COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S.. 415 Sacramento st.
i . . ,
! A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly ■ all.
16 paces. In wrapper, for mailing, Jl per year. :
HORSES.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market,
827 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
ALWAYS en hand; well broken road, business
and work horses. Chase & Mendenhall. suc-
cessors Kll'.ip A Co.: '-i'^ya-l, 1732 Market.
WAGONS AM) CARRIAGES.
ALL kinds of wagons, bugsries, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & Si >N, 2117 Mission ot.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines M-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLFMAN, 195-197 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office
furniture and fixtures; new and second-hand.
J NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth.
BEAUTIFUL horseshoe diamond ecarfpin for
J2.->; original cost $58. UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant aye.
FOR sal» — Fresh cow. Northeast corner
Twenty-second and church ?ts.
2 SMALL fireproof safes and National cash
register: cheap. 42 Main *t.
BOILERS, engines, lathes, planer, band saw, j
wood planer; 2d-hand. J. BURKE, 129 Beale I
SECOND-HAND cooking stove. No. 7. for sale
cheap. Inquire at l r >os Polk st.
BARS, counters. showcases, shelving, mirrors, '
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
CAMERAS and photo supplies— A full line
Belling at Less than cost. 513 Hearst building. I
ICE plant; 2d hand; complete; pipe, engine, I
boiler, ammonia tank. White. 516 Mission.
GASOLINE engines— l h. p. JIM. ! h. p. 5125. 3 |
h p. $150. 4 h. p. $175 Smith Co., 627 Mission. |
DRESS pants, !2 95: fine salts. $S 95. Misfit Cloth- !
Ing Parlors. 513 Montgomery, cor. Commercial.
A— s3 TO DERBY and Fedora hat*. Jl 75. Popu- j
lar Price Hatters, I*o Kearny St., near Pine.
SAFES All sizes new and second-hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento st.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand, all
sizes: half criminal cost. 109-111 Market. 3. F.
SEWING-MACHINES.
j: MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine f:Upplies. 145 Sixth: phone Mint 45. |
ALL kinds bought sold, exchanged, rented; re- j
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth »t.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet Cleaning Works— Cleans, j
movrs, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. -Mgr., !
35 rr.d 40 Eichth ft., telephone South 2CO.
WHK..' You become dlssrusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'B Pioneer Carpet- ;
beating Works. 353-3.'j7 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40. ;
CARPETS cleaned. 3c per yard. H. L. JONES.
SOO McAllister Ft., cor. Larkln; tel. Mint 1501.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 4"2 Futt»r st. ; j
tel. Main 301. OEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.. i
4.')3 Stevenson st. : tel. South 223; lowest rates. I
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c. '
STRATTON S, I Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
3 E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th I
St.; cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74. , j
U. 8. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn., SOS Golden |
Gate: carpets cleaned, 3c yd.; tel. Mint 346. |
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; t.-l. East 12.
I I ■— — — i — — — ■ — — — !— — »————■ — — —» — » j
MINING.
RESPONSIBLE party, controlling valuable i
gold placer mine, wishes assistance of capital j
to operate Fame, or will sell; full particu-
lars and ample Opportunity to Inspect and '
prospect. Address box 4534, Call office. j
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 28, 1899.
PERSONALS.
Information as to whereabouts of
FREDDIE HOWARD. Last teen wore blue
cap, chinchilla Back coat, knee pants; 8
years old. 411 Shotwell St.
LADIES— A big cut in prices; $0 Ypsllanti
union suits. $3; equestrian tights, 25c. OBKK'S.
84 Geary st. •
LEDERER'S Quintonlca. the only hair tonic
that makes hair grow on bald spots, 35c bottle.
O. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
FINE switches at less than half the price any-
where else this week at LEDERER'S; see his
great wind display; halrdresslng. 25c only;
hair rolls. 10c. 123 Stockton st.
MRS DR. E. J. WILLIAMS removed to 32
Turk st.
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:
This Is to certify that we will «=»11 for etor-
ge bill at public auction on WEDNESDAY.
June 2b. ISO!), at 11 a. m.. at the Grand Arcade
Horse .Mark.:. 327 Sixth St.. San Francisco,
one phaeton, the property of E. E. HILL.
S. H. LOMBARD, Sullivan i Doyle, Live-
stock Auctioneers.
M PER week for lady's suit. Jacket or cape,
gentleman's suit ur overcoat. .'.a.stern Out-
fitting Co., 1306 Stockton st . near Broadway.
JOHN L. BOONK, Patent. Trademark
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. 4 cutter st.. Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights In eveiy room; Winchester
Hotel 44 Third Ft., near Market: 70+ rooms;
Xc to Jl 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to ... from the ferry.
Jl '.o— looo BILLHEADS, card noteheads or
statements printed; catalogue printing. MEL
A. BLEY, 622 Sacramento St.; tel. Ma:n 1533.
T. BRILLIANT. SSB-340 Post fit., will sell you
furniture, carpets, clcaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payment!.
DR. CREELY'S Dog Hospital, 109 Kirn aye.;
office, Horse Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye.;
separate ward for contagious diseases.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no injec-
tion;guarantd. Dr. Gcrdin.Sl4 Plne.ab.Keany.
A— ELEGANT ladles' tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. KRAMER. 20 Sansome.
LADIES' tailor-made suits; Jl week. Chicago
Clock Co., 1814 Market st. ; open evenings.
' SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
; der. K. YOS TAXI, 313 Sutter st.
A— Ladies' or ger%"<> clothing, furniture, bought,
fold; tel. Mint 9»7. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom st.
SUITS to oT<*.er on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market el . bet. 7th and Bth.
WANTED— Oki gold for manufacng. O. Nolte,
Jeweler. 2,'S O'Fnrrell. bet. Powell & Mason.
; ' DRESSMAKERS.
SS7 GEARY St.— Dresses made, i", up; dresses
made over: perfect •■• -rzr-. •'<»« and lawns.
SI'IRITIJALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test medium,
life reader: also medical clairvoyant; treats
private, chronic or obscure diseases; send
btamp for circular. Offices 232 Stockton, bet.
Pest and Geary; sittings Jl: diagnosis free.
AT Eberhardfs Temple of Truth; meeting 2:15;
10c. 3250 Twenty-second St., bet. Valencia
and Mieslon.
MEDIUMS' Protective Association to-night, 805
Larkln. Mrs. Seal, Robinson. Griffin, Stltt.
JOHN SLATER, ..... 8:15; sittlng3
dally. 10 to 4. ISO 9 Stockton, nr. Greenwich.
C. V. MILLER'S eth°realiring materializing
trumpet seance, 8 p. nl., 25c. 409 Leavenworth.
MRS HARLAND, trance medium; circle to-
night: prophetic tests: art. read; 10c. 120 6th.
MRS. MEN A FRANCES. independent slate-
wrltlng medium. 118 Halght st.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all: Tue9.-Frl., 2 p. m.;
Mon.. <•: 2':: sittings {'.. 2"" Valencia st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MISS J. B. DWYER, the distinguished clair-
voyant and medium: those in trouble or who
wish to know their future should consult this
gifted medium immediately, either in person
or by letter: Miss Dwyer graduated under the
highest professor In occultism and Is master
of the power by which she can reveal your
entire life; also the lives of those In whom
you are interested: satisfaction guaranteed by
mail, Jl; reduced rates to the poor. 917 Mar-
krt St.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond sight ; diagnoses disease; full life read-
Ing ladies, JOe; gents. $1; sit. $1 ■'■). 12S Turk.
MRS. MANDF.NA, clairvoyant, medium and
paimlst: satisfaction or no pay; test circles
Sun., Tue-s. and Frldav eves.; 10c. 234^ Sixth.
WONDERFUL success; Mme. Clingman, from
New York: scientific palmistry, astrologist;
r-adings 60c and $1. 513 Tenth St.. Oakland.
ARRIVED— Prof. Haley, medium; tells your life
from cradle to grave. 106 Taylor; parlors 3-5.
MME HANSON, card reader and palmist; past,
present and future, 25c. 14S Sixth, room 12.
RESPONSIBLE cardreader tells your future by
cards; satisfaction euar.: 25c. '1322 Mission.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c: Sunday hours.
7 to 10 p. m. 328 Larkin St., room 6.
MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by card*,
palmist and planets. 2S Sixth at., rooms 2-3.
MME. AUGUST, 1150 Mission st.; clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 2:.c up. 6 Fourth St.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. ETTA RALPH, magnetlst and psychom-
etric. Parlors 2 and 3. 995 Market St.
MME SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
PALMISTRY.
NEERGAARD, pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. 616 Geary st., above Jones; tel. Hyde
2621; reading by mall. $1. >
YOUR fate Is in your hand: scientific palmis-
try. MME. GERMAINE, £ 5 Market st., r. 30.
A— MME. BUSHNELL, the famous palmist, 916
Bush St.. bet. Taylor and Jones.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors, 927
Market Bt., rver Cafe Zlnkand; teeth extract-
ed or filled without pain; electricity, gas cr
chloroform administered; the best and most
artistic work at reasonable prices. Pure gold
filling, from $1; other fillings, from 50c;
plates, from J4 TO; flesh colored plates, from
J5: porcelain 1 r gold crown and bridge work
(per tooth), from $3. We guarantee our work.
Open evenings and Sundays.
A DISCOUNT of 20 per cent on all plates and
bridge work until August 1 to Introduce our
new flesh-colored plates: thinner and stronger
than rubber: warranted for 20 years: crown
and bridge work teeth without a plate: fill-
ings, 50c; crowns, $3 50: plates, full set. $5;
all work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS. 24 Sixth St.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. SO9 Mar-
ki»t St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bids., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth i
without plates our specialty; gold crowns, ■
%'.'■ 50 up; plates, extractions free, ?4 B0 up; of- j
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.: Sunday, S to !
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 OTarrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder- !
ful pecret method; crowns. $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. V-: received 8 first
prizes; no students: guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth. $4: fillings. 250 up; gold
crowns. $3: gold bridges. $5 up; painless ex-
traction guaranteed: plates repaired. NEW
YORK DENTISTS, 969 Mission St.. cor. Cth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROOM— Fntnless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 yearn: lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market st.
OHIO Drntal Parlors— EOo up; crowns,
J3 up; open ev'gs. S5O Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. I^4l Polk st. ■
PROPOSALS.
U. S. ENGINEER office, Flood building, San
Francisco. Cal., June 28, 1v.9. — Sealed pro- !
posals for building wing dams in Sacramento '
River, near Sacramento, Cal.. will be re- '
ceived hero until 12 o'clock noon, August 8 '
1R99. Information furnished on application' 1
W. H. HEfER. Major Engineers.
PROPOSALS FOR FURNISHING SUPPLIES—
Notice is hereby given that the Bonrd of Di-
rectors of the Industrial Home for Mechanical
Trades for the Adult Blind of the State of
California. wIU receive and open proposals
and let contracts for supplying the home for
three months, commencing July 1, IS9S and
ending September 30, 1593, with the following
articles:
1. Beef and mutton. I. Groceries and pro-
visions. 3. Butter. 4. Coal. 6. Flour and
mlllstuffs. C. Coffee, tea and chicory.
Bids v.ill be opened Friday. June 30. 1599, at
7:*o p. m.. at the home, corner Thirty-sixth
and Telegraph avenue. Oakland. Cal.
Blank forms with schedules of supplies re-
quired, with conditions, etc., can be had upon
application to the superintendent, Jos. Sand-
ers, at the home.
The board reserves the right to reject any
and all bids.
Preference will be given to goods manu-
factured in California, prices and quality
considered.
All bidders for furnishing supplies are in-
vited to be present at the opening of th» bids.
By order of the Board of Directors.
GEO. S. MEREDITH. Sec-etary.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1021H Market Bt.. bet. 6th and 7th.
HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you- get from BALDWIN & lIOV.ELL. ;
10 Montgomery st. I
MISSION, 1215%, nr, Eighth— House of 14 rms.;
bath, tubs, etc.: suitable for roomers.
MISSION, 2533, nr. 2-d— S rooms, partly frnshd. !
or unfrnshd. to suit tenant; modern built. |
VERY fine house, In perfect condition; 335«
Twentv-flrst St., near Guerrero; 7 rooms; rent ;
very reasonable: see It. E. G. DENNISTON.
3454 Twenty-first st. j
VERY pleasant house. In perfect condition; B:iSG
Twenty-first st., near Guerrero; 7 rooms; rent j
very reasonable; gee It.
FDKXISUBD HOUSES to LET.
LARGE house with modern, improvement*,
nicely furnished, for 3 months at nominal
rent to careful family. Inquire at 17 New j
Montgomery st.
NICELY furnished house of 10 rooms on Pine i
>-t . near Powell; owner going East. Box |
4704, call office. ;
FROM July 1 to November 1, 8 room house; j
Scott st.; marine view. Box 46 a 7, Call offi<-6.
COTTAGES TO LET.
STEVENSON, 417, nr. Fifth— Cottage of 6 |
I rooms. ■
i SUNNY cottage. 4 and 5 rooms; flat. 6 rooms, j
bath, cheap. IB7*i Fifteenth St.. near Dolores.
FLATS TO LET.
EDDY. 314— Sunny upper flat, 9 rooms, bath, >
basement, etc.: rent reasonable.
■ FELL, 492— Elegant sunny bay-window flat; S j
; rooms, bath. 2 kitchens; $25; water free.
FINE sunny flat, 3 large rooms; bath; latest
Improvements. Key at 713 Grove st.
FLAT of 6 rooms; etable for 6 horses and large
wagon sheds; $18; paint shop 24x80. A. M. •
SPECK & CO., 667 Market ; key at 2303 Geary. |
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL. |
10 Montgomery st. __^
NICE flat of 5 rooms; partly frnshd; rent rea- :
\ sonable. Call between 12 and 4p. m., 85 Turk.
■ NORTHEAST corner Nineteenth and Noe rts. ;,
lovely eunny B-room flat; modern Improve- ;
I ments; rent $17: water free. \
POST, 1657— Nice sunny modern flat In fine j
I order: 5 rooms and bath; $20. :
' THIRD 4174—2. front suites; modern Improve- :
I ments'; S rms. ; hot, cold water; bath; eunny. ;
TWENTY-THIRD. 4073, near Castro— Sunny 5- i
j room flat; modern; rent $15; water free.
: 2 NEW Bunny modern flats, 4 and 5 rooms and
I bath each. 1421 Hayes fct. and 25 Birch aye.,
: oft Larkln. bet. Grove and Fulton.
4 ROOMS and bath; large cellar; large flower
: garden. 1219 Laguna, cor. Ellis. Inquire 1221.
$12— FLAT. 4 nice rooms; bath; yard. 3231
Twentieth st. Apply 711 Treat aye.
• $16— LOWER flat, 3 rooms and bath: newly
painted. Apply 22'> Thirteenth, near Howard.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BRYANT, 464, near Third— 2 neatly frnshd.
hkpg. rms.; private; hot, cold wat.; fold. bed. |
EDDY. Sl7— Nicely furnished connecting house-
keeping rooms: splendid location; no children.
ELLIS. 618—3 rooms; 1 unfurnished; sunny; j
rent moderate.
i FOLSOM. 1186— 3 eunny rooms, complete for
housekeeping. ;
I FULTON, 21S, corner Van Ness— Neatly furn.
flat, 4 rooms; gas range; bath; also others. i
GEARY, 731 (rear)— unfurnished, sunny
rooms, lower fiat, yard. j
• GEARY, 1917— Furnished and unfurnished :
flats: each 4 rooms. 2 baths, 2 toilets, 2 eel- j
lars; gas; every convenience; $18. j
I GOLDEN GATE aye.. 404 — 3 neatly furn. sunny
I rms , with closets; hot, cold wat.; gas range.
: HARRISON, 415- nicely furnished rooms and
bath; reasonable. i
HAWTHORNE, 172. near Harrison— 2 sunny de-
• clrable housekpg rooms; use of parlors; reas.
1 HOWARD, 52?, bet. First and Second— Nice
I furnished sunny rcom and also housekeeping. i
HYDE, 129— Furnished rooms; bay-window;
I all conveniences; basement also.
I JONES, 503—3 housekeeping rooms, complete, j
1 $18; also double and singla rooms, cheap.
i MARKET, 102?— Large sunny front room and
j kitchen; frnshd. complete; folding bed; $12.
i MARTHA pi., 2, off Geary nr. Taylor— neatly
• furnished rms; complete for hkp; stove; yard.
MINNA, 43G — Large sunny housekeeping room,
with cookstove, $5: also sunny front room.
MISSION, 2188 — Two sunny connecting rooms
; complete for housekeeping; cheap.
POWELL, — 3 desirable unfurnished rooms
in new corner flat; rent $12.
SIXTH, — Three large sunny, unfurnished :
rooms, cellar, yard; $8
I __ j
SEVENTH, 64SA— $8: 2 furnished housekeeping 1
rooms, with use of kitchen; double parlor.
SOUTH I' ARK, 90—2 large sunny front house- i
keeping rooms; parlor floor; very reasonable.
SOUTH PARK, 184, nr. 3d— large nicely fur-
nished rms.; running water; complete hskpg.
SITTER, 1111. nr. Larkin— Comfortably furn.
single suites; also hskpg.; terms reasonable.
: THIRD, 251, nr. Howard— 4 front Funny rms.; :
connected; suit, for hkpg; single, $1 25 wk. up, .
THIRD, — 2 connecting; rooms for housekeep- ;
ing, with use of bath. j
THIRD, 240— Large sunny room; complete for
housekeeping. $1 25 week.
VAN NESS aye.. 400 — Furnished sunny flat; 3 i
rooms and bath; complete for housekeeping; i
only permanent and responsible parties.
2 OR 3 unfurnished housekeeping rooms; no j
children. S. W. R.. Call office, Alameda.
I =
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
eunny rooms en suite or single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.— .
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath: rooms, 500 to Jl GO day. MRS. J. KING.
AT 525 Kearny— Sunny second parlor, with use
of front parlor, for gentleman or man and
wife; private family. Inquire shoe store. j
AT New Grand. 246 3d— 200 • .-lass sunny rms.,
20c to $1 day; We to $4 wk; also housekeeping. j
AT 33 Turk, cor. — Nicely furnished sunny :
front rooms; also hkpg. rms.; reas.; transient. j
BALBOA, 1049 A Market— Changed hands; Brut- \
class rooming house; elegant sunny outside
rooms; elevator; prices reasonable; transient
solicited. H. H. M COLLIBTER. Prop.
BUSH, 1124— Just the place for home comforts;
suite or single; bath; grounds; $10 up.
CARROLTON, 1200 Market— Sunny corner fur-
nished and unfurnished rooms and offices.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 303, corner Jones— 2 sunny bay-window
corner rooms; double beds; homelike.
FLOOD aye., 142— Sunny side; four sunny
rooms; furnished or unfurnished; $6.
FOURTH. 225— Furnished rooms for light
housekeeping. :
GEARY, 736 2 nicely furnished rooms; one $4;
one $7; bath; gas. ;
GOLDEN GATE, 727— Handsomely furn. sunny !
front rms.; hot, cold wat.; private; reas.
GOLDEN STATE, 106 Eddy— for stu- ;
dents; sunny rooms by day, week or month. ;
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. corner Seventh and i
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms: en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; Jl 50 to $6 per week.
HOTEL Grosvenor, 219 Sutter. near Stockton—
Bunny suites or single rooms; cable cars pass •
door: elevator: free baths.
HOWARD. 616. near New house. 30 rms.:
newly frnshd.; single, double; gas; $5 upward
I
HOWARD, 1210 — Large sunny front room; suit-
able for 2 gentlemen; private family.
IVANHOE, 1002 Polk. cor. New manage- '■ '
ment; fur. hkpg suites (3 to 5 r.),515 up; ref.
IVY aye., 243, between Franklin and Gough sts. '
—Furnished front room for gentleman.
LARKIN. — Sunny single room, neatly fur- '
pished, $4.
MARKET, 783H— Neat newly furnished rooms; i
central location; $1 to $2 50 per week.
MINNA, 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: electric light?; day. wk., mo. i
POWELL. 317, formerly Cosmos Club—
gantly furnished single rooms; sunny.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis Ft.— lncandescent
light: reading room, smoking room and •
ladie«' parlor: rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50;
week, $2 to $S; month, $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot. cold wat.; baths. '
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st, |
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SOPHIE terrace, 2. off Pine, near Stockton— ' 1
Sunny front room; fine view.
SUTTER, 1111— Furnished rooms, single and en ■
suite; also housekeeping, terms reasonable. ;
TAYLOR, 117— Furnished rooms for $1 50 up per .
week; also housekeeping rooms. i
TAYLOR, 1532. nr. Jackaon-St. care— l,arge •
sunny bay-window suite; partly frnshd.; gas; 1 :
bath; bot, cold wat.; tel; suit, for 1 or 3 gent, j
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
THE Oaks, 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
THIRD, 25, nr. Market— Sunniest rooms in San
Francisco; white lights; extra good beds; chp.
YALE, 112 Taylor— Sunny furnished atid un-
furnished suites. to up; single. $1 50 up.
ROOMS AND HOARD.
AT 418 First st.— Nicely furnished rooms, with
board. $5 a week up; Swedish home; parlor.
ATLAS—, 1001 Sinter— New, beautifully fur.
sunny suites, single r.. reas.; board optional.
HOTEL Victoria, 1105 Hyde, cor. California—
Prettily furnished suites, bath; board optional.
LAS ALMAS. 1820 Market— Parlor, 2 bed-
rooms, suitable for 4; private; bath: board op.
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; good
home cocking: "ingle. $25: double, $20.
POWELL. 309 (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union
Sq.— Restaurant, dining rm. ; cen. for lunches.
BUTTER, 112S— Lovely sunny rooms with board;
pretty garden: home cooking.
CHILDREN BOARDBO.
GOOD home for children. MME. BOURDA,
cor. Peabody and Sunnydale aye?.. San Bruno
road, near Six-mile House; reasonable.
CHILD to board; nay not so much object as
company. IS37A Stockton st.
GOOD home for Infants: only $10 per month.
210 Lexington aye., near Nineteenth ft.
RESTAURANTS.
■WESTERFRLD'S Restaurant, coffee and Ice
cream parlor. 1035 Market Ft.: popular prices.
STORES TO LET.
$30— STORE 14x16; two rooms; basement 2Sx7O;
hydraulic elevator; modern. Comer Turk and
Dodge Bts.; apply 431 Turk st.
SIXTH, ;.3S— Store, 3 rooms: large yard; rear
entrance: rent $10: water free.
STORE to lease— First-class location for cigar
stand: corner Market. California and Drumm
sts. MADISON ft BURKE. 626 Market St.
MONEY TO LOAN*.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in 8. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1022 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate, 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market St.; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates: confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bid?., 130 Powell st.
LOANS made to salaried people: real and
chattel mortgages a specialty; any security.
THE REYNOLDS CO., 59 Third st
MONEY loaned to salaried people on note with-
out lndorser. HILL, 44. Merchants' Exchange.
TO borrow money quick. J. J. EVANS. Real
Estate and Loans, Mills bdg; notify; will rail.
REAL estate. 6 per cent: 2d mortg., chattels,
etc. Harper & Kreiger, 312 Examiner building.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission: private. LICK, 118 McAllister.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without lndorser. TOUSLEY. 592 I'arrott bldg.
AT Nevada Loan Office, 214 'Grant aye.— Money
loaned on diamonds. Jewelry and clothing.
STRAIGHT tip: go where you can save inter-
est. Cut Rate Loan Office, 22 Mason st.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money --■■■■ H. MURPHY. CM Market.
EXPERT OPTICIANS
MAYERLE'S eye water; a new discovery for
weak, re, inflamed, itching, burning, pain-
ful and overstrained eyes; strengthens the
{■ye, brain and nerves; by mail 600 per bot-
tle. Germ Optical Institute. 1071% Market
Ft.", Pan Francisco. Genuine can be had only
above add. . excl. territory to reliable acts.
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who rre sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find
In her a true friend; a home for patients,
with every comfort, convenience Of a hospital
and privacy of a home; consultation free and
confidential; home treatment, $5; no Instru-
ments used; satisfaction guaranteed or money
refunded, by MRS. DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy
Ft., bet. Hyde and Larkin; office hours, 10 to
12. 2 to 4 and 7 to 8. Sundays by appointment
only.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever caus-?), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home tha
same day; no Instruments used; cure at office,
(5; home In confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; ail can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post St.. bet.
Hyde and Larkin; hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m. ; Sunday. 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quirk cure guar-
anteed: any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free: confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 1228 Market St.;
pills, $1; very strong. $2.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause: positively no instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office, $5; travelers helped In-
stantly; consultation free and confidential;
home for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Mancet St., between
Mason and Taylor; office hours, 9 to 5 and 7
to S p. m.; Sundays, 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
IMPORTANT— A great progress in medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause: every woman her own physician, no
matter how long standing; trawlers helped
at once: safe; call on a physician with men's
knowledge; cure. $5; restores in 1 day and
prevents disgrace; can be sent: consultation
free; ladies' physician, practice S7 years.
DR. POPPER. SIS Kearn; st.
A — DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated BUCessfully more cases of irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never falls to
cure; consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be us-ed at home; consultation
free; call or write. lOgyj Market St.
DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium. 764-766 Clay st.. Ban Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese \ hsrbs, over 8000 varieties being used;
advice free: hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p m.
ALL female complaints cured In 24 hours: well-
known, rf-liabK safe and sure; maternity
home: no Instruments: consultation free and
confidential: home treatment $5. MRS. AL-
LEN, 228 Van Ness aye.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro," the great-
est boon to them. Richards St Co., 406 Clay
t>t. : $1 60. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co.. 531 X Et., Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure: %2 50;
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
MERITO— Sure, safe preventive; married ladies
try it: price $1. sample box 25c; write for clr-
cular.Merlto Mfg. C0., 227 Leavenworth st.,S.F.
A— DR. and MRS. SILVA. 215% Mason St.—
Private home In confinement; ladles' friend
in trouble: terms reas.; call and be convinced.
REMOVAL of Mrs. Dr. Schwartz to cor. 43d
and Linden, Oakland: home In confinement;
children adopted out. Take Grove-st car.
DR. AND MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.; private home In confinement; babies
adopted into good homes.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife; pleasant sunny home
in confinement. 156 Second st. ; tel. Green 52.
DR. and Mr?. Wise, 1118 Market st.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back; SB up.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 11" Mason st.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
100 ACRES lc-vel land, with valuable spring
water rights; water from branch of same
spring? piped 10 miles to Hotel del Coronado;
can be developed to supply San Diego ana
Intermediate points on mail road to Lower
California, Mexico; It is an ideal location for
a r td house; all rail connection with Santa
Fe system; price, including picnic grounds,
vineyard, - ranee and lemon grove, engine,
tools, mules, etc., only $23,000; also a San
IMeso business corner lot 140x200, with 16-
-room building and 4 cottages; price JSCOO:
make offer for either of above: owner will
exchange for San Francisco or Oakland prop-
erty: send for maps, photos and particulars.
It. 'J. MONTGOMERY, 170 Thirteenth St..
Oak'ard. c a l.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
(22<*0— NEW modern 2-story cottage; large lot:
on electric car line: near broadpraug'e railway
Ftation; for sale on easy terms. Apply 120
Butter st.. room 80. S. F.
STORAGE.
PIERCE RODOLPH Storage and MovinsTco"
Office, 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
L'ALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE & TAYLOR, packing and storage of
furn. & H. H. goods. 735 Mkt., tel. Black 311.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
HAIGHT-ST. FLATS.
$9000 — Two modern flats, 7 and 8 rooms and
bath; lot 25x112.
PANHANDLE NEW FLATS.
I Clayton st., near Fell: 2 elegant new
flats, 5 and 6 rooms and bath; rents ■'■■
CENTRAL- AYE. FLATS.
JC7so— Central aye.. near Fulton st.; 25 feet
improved; two fiats; well built; 5 and
6 rooms and bath; rents $42 s<r, make
offer: lot 50x1*6:3.
STEINER-ST. STORE AND FLAT.
$4Xo— Steiner st., near Turk; store and upper
fiat; what will you give? lot 2-'xS7:6.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENTS.
BANK FORECLOSURE.
$6500— Howard st., near Eighth; old improve-
ments; must be sold by July 7; 'ot 2ix
90; make offer.
INCOME FLATS.
$5000— Rents $60 50; near Sixth and Folsom
£ts. ; 9 tenements; gooes condition.
WELCH-ST. FLATS.
$3900— 6 flats: 3 and 4 rooms; good condition;
rents $47 50.
PERRY ST., NEAR THIRD.
$ISOO— Lot 20xS0; front and rear house; rents
$17.
MISSION HOMES.
SNAP.
; $4000— Reduced to $2750.
$500 cash; mortgage 52250 at 6 per cent can
remain; pay as you plea.'L-; nice cot-
tage of 6 rooms and bath: lately re-
modeled; land alone worth price asked;
15 minutes' ride to Kearny and Market
sts. ; on several car lines.
BEAUTIFUL NEW HOME.
$2600— House 6 rooms and bath; modern In all
details; Mission warm belt.
JIS7S— HOMESEEKERS— SI37S.
$300 cash, balance J2O per month.
INO TAXES— NO INTEREST— IN-
SURANCE.
Modern home (In course of construc-
tion), 5 rooms and bath and high base-
ment; dome ceilings; tile mantels; por-
celain tubs; tine view; close to car
lines.
WESTERN ADDITION INVESTMENT.
Webster St.. near Fulton; to close an
estate; lot 23xS2;>i; 3-story house: good
condition: 10 rooms and bath; easily
remodeled into 3 flats and would pay
12 per cent.
CHEAP BUILDING LOTS.
; $18,000—82:6x137:6 to rear street; Ellis, near
Gough.
$4000—60x80; lots on Folsom-st. boulevard,
near Twelfth st.
$3200—25x62:6; a line comer on Laguna St.,
rear O'Farrell. VinP
$3000— 4«xll4; NE. corner Castro and Fifteenth.
$2500—23x137:6; north side Fell St., near Devis-
adero.
$1900—25x100; FUlmore st., near Union.
$*25— 25x1(5:3; Masonic aye., near McAllister.
25xS7:t>; Seventeenth St., near Serpen-
tine place.
$050— 50x120; Cook St., near Geary.
$250—25x100; 2 lots, Clement St., near Twenty-
seventh aye. ; Sutro car line.
KWe are preparing cur monthly cata-
logue for our July Auction Sale. For
particulars apply to
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market st.
COFFEY, HUGHES & CO.. 19 Montgomery st.
I $6000— near the park; almost new; rent
! $55
I Golden Gate aye.; bargain in flats; rent
I $45.
$lfso— Cheap lot near Mission High School;
27:6 front.
$3500— Rents $:6 50; Probate sale; Mission flats.
$110 per foot— Ness aye.; any size front.
%t 100— Page-st. lot, near park; good lot for
butcher shop.
$1250— Cheap lot near park and Affiliated Col-
leges.
I — Must be sold; flats near Nineteenth and
Valencia ets.
— Another bargain In flats near the park.
$1600— Corner on Bryant, nr. Second; rents $20.
COFFEY, HUGHES & CO.,
IS Montgomery st.
A— 2o ACRES oil land In the oil belt, Fresno
County, for $10: get particulars. J. J. EVANS,
Real Estate, money loaned to and for you,
Mills building; phone 1196; "no stock In a
company."
HAVE a buyer for flats In the Mission; must
be rented now; $15,000 cash to invest J. J.
EVANS Real Estate. Money leaned to and
for you. Mills building.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First avenue^ and you wish to sell
them, call en W. J. GUNN. 110 Montgomery.
COUNTRY KUAL ESTATE.
' 20 ACRES oil land In the oil belt Fresno Co.,
for $10. Get particulars J. J. EVANS, real
estate; money loaned to and fur you; Mills
building; phone 1106; no stock In a company.
NEW rich land near city; small and lars»
tracts; 3150 acres Bold to 120 famllien; 7500
acres 'efc. For particulars of Immense crops
raised In dry season of 1597-9S address THE
! COTATI CO.. 302 California St.. S. F.
FRUIT. Eif.tr and stock farms.
W. D HOLCOM & CO.. 20 Montgomery St.
PROPERTY WASTED.
■ CHEAP lots near car linss anywhere in San
Francisco. J. J. EVANS. Real Estate and
Loans. Mills building.
; OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9O3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
WILLIAI7~X~DPNGEE^
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
A PRETTY HOME
IN OAKLAND IN OAKLAND
ONLY $375.
IT IS WORTH $2510
Ycu may be the one to secure it. Send for
Catalogue.
>. s'") CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS.
Fronting Market. 35th and 30th sts.; surrounded
! by fine homes; close to 3 lines of electric rail-
-1 ways; street work complete.
ONE OF THESE LOTS GOES FOR $150.
TRY FOR IT.
Catalogue mailed on aoollcatlon.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
fO3 Broadway, room No. 16. second floor, Oak-
land. Mills building, San Francisco.
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE.
Paying millinery store. $5000.
Good-paying lodging house, $2000.
J. H. EDSON, 1203 Broadway. Oakland.
24 ACRES; large house; fruit; near Hay-
wards: fine home; deer: will exchange home
clear in city. E. E. BUNCE, 90S Broadway.
NEW sunny cottage, 6 rooms, modern in every
way, right in center of Oakland; might take
some trade and easy payments for balance.
A. .T. SAMUEL 6 CO., 468 '•th St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FIKMTIRE FOR SALE.
j AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
: ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMi:i'A HE AI. ESTATE.
$1500 — LOT 50x165: house S rooms and bath;
Versailles aye.; must be sold.
$1100— Lot 50x150, with modern cottage; San
Antonio aye.. near Chestnut.
$550— Lot 40x125; west side Walnut St.. near
bay shore.
J6oo— Lot on Pacific aye.. near Grand st.
$2700— Large 2-story house, 8 room 3; lot 50x
203; beautiful avenue. E. D. JUDD CO..
1424 Park St.
AI.A.VI.U V KOOMS AND BOAKU.
HOME for ladles In delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Arden Dawson and Lizzie Hart 47 — j
Frank C. Ruppel and Ida N. Papst 20—23 1
Frank Chizzoskl and Barbara Graalfs . . .32— 29 I
Ulrich Traber and Ella Theilig 2.".— 1S i
Gustavus Harris and J. B. Schwarschlld..3s— 2o '
William C. Yates and Katherin M. Helen. 2B—
Albert R. Entelmann and Ida L. Goetjen.2s— ;
Josef Jlnderkum and Marie Tresch 29—24
Rob't L. Owens and S. Elizabeth Willlams2S— 26 j
Chas. H. Hawksworth and Katie Framer.s6— 22
Monroe N. Callender and Anna E. Sulllvan22— 22 j
lister H. Jacobs and Mabel Hall 23— 26
EIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATM
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed j
In at either of the publication offices and be \
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
ANDERSON— In this city, June IS, ISO 9, to the j
wife of Emil Anderson, a son.
ATKINSON— In this city. June 2*5. 1899, to the '
wife of T. E. Atkinson, a daughter.
HAUSELMAN— In this city, June 26, 1599, to
the wife of Andrew Hauselman, a daughter. :
ROSS— In Oakland, June 25. 1599,' to the wife of i
Frank T. Roes of San Francisco, a daughter.
THOMPSON— In this city. June 22, 1539. to the
wife of J. M. Thompson, a son.
"~~ MARRIED.
DOBBIN— MATHEWS— In this city, June 2"5,
1599. at the Church of the Advent, by the rec-
tor of the parish, the Rev. Herbert Parrish.
Leonard Henry, eider son of the late Major
Thomas Fitz Leonard Dobbin of her Majes-
ty's Seventeenth Leicestershire Regiment
'Primal Tigers), and Sophie Christine, sister
of the late Captain Charles Mathews of San
Francisco. .. •
EDWARDS— OHLENDORF— In this city, June
24, 1899, by the Rev. E. G. Mathena, D.D..
Arkwright E. Edwards and Masdalena Ohlen-
dorf. both of this city. _^_^
died! 7^~
Beckwith, William R. Gresty, Albert
Brady. Joseph Hayes. Ida M. .
Butterfleld. Nellie . Jackson, Francis ' .
Cantwell. Stephen A Kelly. Michael F. ■
' Carlie. Lillian A. Mason, George W. .._
Cohn, Isidor McCarthy. Timothy
Cotter, Jeremiah McElroy, Bridget
Creegan, Mary O'Neil, John
Dinkelspiel, Lazarus Reber, Ruth Marl*
rweather, Jas. A. Triest. Julius
Freeland. Barah F. Yaeger, Julius •. .
BECKWITH— this city. June 27. ,iS99, Wil-
liam Raymond, beloved son of William and
Nellie B-eckwith. a native of Pan Francisco,
age.l 2 years an I 7 months.
tu?"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the parent-.-. SS Converse street, off
Bryant, between Eighth and Ninth street?.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery by train 'from,
Thirl an.' Townsend streets at 11:30 o'clock.
j BRADY— In the City and County Hospital, Juno
I 26. 13^)9, Joseph Brady, a native of Massachu-
setts, aged 66 years. -
BT-TTERFIELP— In this city, June 27. 1899,
Mrs. Nellie Butterfield, mother of William.
George and Joseph Butterfield; and Mrs. The-
oiore Hoffman of Honolulu. H. 1., a native
of London. England, aged sf> years.
ETFriemls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend th" funeral ■-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
CANTWBLL— In this city, June 27, 1899, Ste-
phen Andrew. pon of Catherine and the -late
Mlchpel Cantwell, and 'her of John D..
Thomas M.. Katie E. an.l the late Edward.
James, Michael D. and Mary E. Cantwell.- a
native of California, aged 25 years 6 months
and 21 days. fßff^Wß
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late res-
idence, «62 Howard street, thence to St. Pat-
■ rick's Church, where a requiem mass will be
I celebrated for the reuose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
| Cemetery.
! CARLIE— In this city. June 27. 1899, Mrs. Lil-
lian A. Carile, beloved mother of Edwin J.
Carlie, and daughter of Thomas and the late
Ellen Biggins, and sister of the late Frank
J. Higglns. a native of Columbia, Tuolmnne
County, Cal.. aged 43 years and 6 months. A
member of La Estrella Parlor No. S3, N. D.
, G. W.
C-^yrriend? and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock; from Native Daugh-
; ters' Home, 923 i ■ Farrell street.
COHN— In this city. June 26. IS9O, Isidor, be-
loved husband cf Bertha Cohn, and father 'of
Nathan and Lesser Cohn, Mrs. J. Schwartz
and Mrs. I. 11. Herold, a native of Genesen.
Prussia, aged 70 years. (Eastern papers'please
copy. )
Friends and acquaintances members
of Pacific Lodge No. 18, I. O. B. -8..
and Norman Lodge No. 1841 K. of H:.
are respectfully invited to attend the funeral
this day (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from
his late residence, 224 Turk street. Interment
Hills of Eternity Cemetery by train leaving
i Third and Towns«end rtreets at 11:30 o'clock.
COTTER— In this city. June 27, IS?9. Jeremiah
Cotter, a native of Ireland, aged 66 years. •
CREEGAN— In this city, June 26. ISS9. Mary,
relict of the late Peter Creesran, and.' be-
loved mother of Mary E., James F. and Peter
J. Cree^an, a native of County Cavan, Ire-
land. • ' .'•;■■'-
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at S:3O o'clock, from her lata
residence, ' 543 Stevenson street, between
Sixth and Seventh, thence to St. Patrick's
Church, where a mass will be celebrated 'for
the reoose of her 6oul. commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
DINKI-:LSPIEL— In this city, June 25, . 1839,
Lazarus, husband of Pauline Dinkelspiel, and
father of Henry, Samuel, Joseph, Theresa,
Melville and Edgar Dinkelspiel and Frieda
Silverman, a native of Baden. Germany, aged
76 years. (New York papers please copy.)
CTFriends are respectfully invited to at-
| tend the funeral services this day (Wednes-
: day), at 10:15 o'clock, at his late residence,
1202 O'Farrell street. Interment Home" of
| Peace Cemetery by special train leaving Third
I and Townsend streets at 11:40 o'clock. PJ«ase
i omit flowers. . :
: FAIRWEATHER— In Ro!>»burg, Or., June M,
ISh3. James Arthur Fairweather Jr., only son
of J. A. and Laura Fairweather, a native of
San Francisco, aged 17 years and 8 months, :
FREELAND— this city, June 26. 1539, Sarah
Frances Freeland. beloved sister of John P.
and Charles P. Freeland, a native of Eng-
land, aged 29 years 3 months and IS days. „
E^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this; day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resl->;
dence, 16 Cumberland street, off Guerrero, be-
tween Nineteenth and Twentieth. Interment
private. . ". : - •'. .
GRESTY— In this city. Jane IT. 1599, Albert.--
beloved and only son of William and-; Jan*
Gresty, a native of Bolton Le Moors, Lanca-
shire, England, aged 20 years 9 months and.
11 days. . '. :
(E7"Frienda and acquaintances are respect-?
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlor?
Of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. • Inter-'
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by electric car
from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
HAVES— In this city, June 26. 1539. Ida."M.,
beloved daughter of D. E. and Anna Hayes.
Bister of Mrs. A. Brllland and Edward, Ag.-
nes. Celia and the late Lusia Hayes, and
niece of Sister Generose. a native .of San
Francisco, aged 25 years. ■ ".
tC7"Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 1224 Buchanan street, thence
• to St. Mary's Cathedral, : where a solemn
r?qulem high mas* will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at -9:30,
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
JACKSON— Oakland, June 27, 1599, at Union
and Per.ilta streets, Francis Jackson, be-
| loved mother of James A. Jackson and Alvin
IT. Jackson and Mrs. Ida Garner, a native of
England, aged 57 years 3 months and 7 days. .
KELLY— In this city. June 27. 1599. Michael'
Francis, beloved husband of Delia Kelly,
father of Edward, John, Frederick. Dennjs. ,
William, James. August and Grade Kelly,,
and Mrs. A. Stoffer, a native of Ireland, aged-
El years 3 months and 10 days.
MASON— this city, June 27. 1899, George".
Washington, beloved husband of Isabella-
Mason, a native Boston. Mass., aged 78 years.
MCCARTHY— In this city, June 2: v 1899, at tne
residence of his sister, Mrs. J. N. Drisco.ll,
622 Willow avenue, ex-Senator Timothy Mc-
Carthy, father of Timothy and Joseph Mc-
Carthy and Mrs. F. Doran. a native of New
York City, aged 60 years and 9 months.
[CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
I fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
i of hi« sister. Mrs. J. N. Drlscoll, thence to
St Mary's Cathedral, where a mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencins at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
McELROY— In this city, June 23, 1599, Bridget,
beloved wife of George McElroy, and mother
I of John. George and Mary McElroy, Mr?.
i Catherine Burke and the late Mrs. Alice
Baker, a native of County Kild.'.re, Ireland, _
I aged 57 years 6 months and 7 days. . "
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day'
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 49 Bruce place, off Harrison ave-
nue, between Seventh and Eighth, thence. to
St. Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. ."• ,
O'NEIL— In this city, June 26, 1839, John
< > Nell, beloved father of William O'Ne(l and
Mrs. Elizabeth Waterman, a native of Ire-
land, aged 60 years.
(Es*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of the California Unlertaklng Company, 406
Powell street, corner of Post. Interment'
Mount Calvary Cemetery-
RF.BER— In this city, June 27. IS??, at the res-
idence of her parents, 3070 Twenty-fifth street,
Ruth Maria Reber, dearly beloved and young-
est daughter of Johann and Josephine Reber,
and Fteoslster of Anna Welte. a native of
San Francisco, aged 5 months and 21 days. -
TRIEST— In this city, June — . 1839, Julius, be-
loved son of B. .1. and Rachel Triest, and
brother of Joseph, Fred and Sophie Trie*t.
a native of San Francisco. aired 2? years
and 13 days. (Los Angeles and Alameda pa-
pers please copy.)
(n?"Notic9 of funeral hereafter.
YAEGER— In th's city, June 2T. 1899, Julius
Yaeger, a native of Germany, aged 62 years.
OFFICERS and members of the First Hebrew
i Benevolent Society: You are respectfully re-
' quested to attend the funeral of our late
member, L. Dinkelspiel, this (Wednesday)
morning at 10:15 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1292 O'Farrell street. By order of the
president. S. ZEKIN"D. Secretary.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
McAUOY &. CO.. . " I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS, I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS, I
1235 Market St.. between Bth and 9th I
Telephone, South 247. . *ft
THE WEEKLY
$1 per Year.
Enlarged to 16 Pages
1314
DRAGGED IN THE MIRE
OF DAN BURNS' SHAME
Leon Dennery Chosen Secretary of
the Board of Health.
The Mexican's Creatures Obay His Commands to the
a Motley Herd Appointed to Administer
Health Affairs for the City.
EHE Board of Health presented
■ ■ last night :i spectacle of in
decent, official degradation that
I Is perhaps without parallel in
" the history of the city. The
members of the board drank the nau
seating dose of blackguard patronage
presented to them by Dan Burns, and
rined in disgust even at their own
/actions. : They, were forced to sacrifice
their, personal and professional reputa
tions, to dishonor themselves in the
: ?y<?s of their friends and of the public,
.;to cover themselves with humiliating
shame and appoint to public office the
ruffianly crew selected by their political
master. .
The scene was pitiable in a public
place. It seemed an act of gratuitous
maliciousness to force decent men so
to debase themselves at the dictation
<>f a political outlaw. But the mem
bers of ..the board had to submit. If
they had not done so Burns would have
dismissed them from their positions as
contemptuously as he would discard a
shoe which did not fit him. The mem
bers of the Board <>f Health are his
creatures and their only pledge and as
surance of official station is their syco
phancy to him.
So they became last night his official
lackeys. They placed themselves cheek
by Jowl with the unspeakable Dennery,
lifting his disgusting personality Into
their own nest. They brushed shoul
ders In fraternal goodfellowshlp with
the 111-smelling, vile-mouthed, foul
brained denizens of the tenderloin who
become public servants because they
are in the train of Burns. The mem
bers of the board followed their in
structions to the letter. Each was pro
vided with a typewritten list of ap
pointments and each in turn proposed
shamefacedly the name of a favorite of
the Mexican for an allotted position.
There was no deviation, no suggestion
■ of independence of action.
As a spectator marked "It is bad
enough to submit to the indignity of
• another man's lash, but it seems to me
the' limit of endurance is passed when
.'ft man must drag himself through the
mir.e of another man's shame and then
exhibit himself to public scorn." But
the Mexican's command had been given
find it was obeyed. The programme as
foreshadowed in The '"all was carried
out with one exception.
.Long before the meeting was called
tn order the rooms of the board were
crowded by a motley herd, whose pres
ence made it necessary frequent to
open the windows as a measure of
sanitary precaution. At 9 o'clock the
board convened. After the transac
tion of some routine business Dr. Cof
fey arose, and hesitatingly moved to
declare the position of secretary va
cant. There was a buzz of expectancy,
and Secretary Dunne presented a
written protest against removal. It
was ignored, and Secretary Dunne's
officialhoad was decapitated.
Then fo.llowed one of the dramatic :
■incidents of the session. Dr. Coffey
moved that Leon ] '••!■ !.••!■;. be appoint
ed to. fill the vacancy. There was a
murmur of surprise In the room. The
sound- seemed to strike Dr. Coffey like
a ; 'blow. His face flushed until it was
crimson, and some one said pityingly
that the young physician was not yet
altogether lost to shame. He probably
fe.]twhat the name of Dennery typi
,fies,-'and he is not yet ready to accept
. tho-:cnnsequencvs of his own action.
He-is not yet ready to admit thai since
.; he .■■<!!<] not raise Dennery to his own
level, he has sunk to thai of Dennery.
.... Dr. < 'offey sal down and Leon Den
• riery was unanimously elected secre
tary. Mayor Phelan was not there
and did not attend during the evening. |
: .Dr-rihery's friends, us a matter of j
course, are gratified at his appoint- i
merit. They take it as a vindication!
«>f is manner and method of life.
Four reputable physicians have made
him their official equal, arid it is only \
■ an imaginary line that divides the offi
cial .from the Individual. As an equal
of the members of the Board of
Health, it is suggested that Dennery
be dined by I >■■ boa at the home of
John. I. Sabin, th father-in law ■■• Dr.
Payne, ' for . example, in honor of the re
habilitation of '■'■■ tenderloin's most
disgusting representative.
After the. election of Dennery the ap
pointments came quickly. The next in '
Importance was that of Assemblyman
L.. A. Devoto to succeed J. p. Dockery
as .Chief Food Inspector. All thai 1 >■•
VOtO knows about food is to eat it. His
qualification for the position to which
he has been chosen is thai he voted
..for Burns for Senator and will do so
again at the extra session of the Legis
lature. The position of Food Inspector
is the bribe of allegiance to the Mexi
can.
The next head to fall was that of
Ben Davis, the Market Inspector. The
prize went to William Gans, a friend
of Senator Eddy Wolfe. In the ap
pointment of Gans there is a disap
pointment. The place was promised
by Burns to Mike Dunn, bunko man,
ex-saloon keeper and rounder. The
friends of Dunn are justly indignant at
his defeat. They admit with the frank
- ness of their breed that his appoint
ment would have been an outrage upon
the city, but they justly insist that
purih Us a paragon of respectability in
comparison with Dennery, and the
honorable physicians who could place
a Denn.ery in their nest would befoul it
no more by throwing in a Dunn.
But there is compensation In all
games and the disconsolate may find
some balm In the fact that the Board
of ' Health has appointed Long John
Wilkins messenger to the Quarantine
Officer. Long John has been a night
mare to a political generation. He has
haunted with his unwelcome presence
every political gathering for years, and
at last the Mexican has thrown him in
with 'the rest in the political refuse
created by the Board of Health.
' The members of the board demon
strate last night that Burns has a
nice discrimination In the distribution
of his favors. He has taken care of
Ed Niles, late of Los Angeles. Every
body knows Ed Xlles, the blajid, small
seeking attendant of power, living in
the sun of anybody's favor and grasp
ing with feeble grasp on the fringe of
that nondescript class known as men
of the world. Ed has at last got a Job.
He is now Afslstant Dislnterment In
spector, with full authority to dig up
dead Chinese and other things. It
se< ms like trifling with the dead, but
| the Mexican must rind berths for his
retainers.
And so the appointments went last
night down the line. The hospitals and
Almshouse were invaded to find places.
Inspectors, matron?, engineers, pate
keepers, watchmen, gardeners, deck
hands went the slippery road nut of of
fice. Nothing was too small to be over
; looked. But there may be a saving
Be to it all. The raid of the Mexi
can may not be so serious after all.
The Supervisors have pledged them
selves to a dollar limit in taxation.
That will mean that provision will be
made only for the statutory places In
the gift of the Hoard of Heaith. This
will mean an appropriation of (21,000
instead of $70,000. which was granted
last yea,r.
The appointments and removals made
last night by the Board of Health are
In detail as follows:
Secretary — Leon Dennery, vice Jo
seph J. Dunne, removed.
Stenographer — Mrs. Mollie Turner, j
vice herself.
Assistant police surgeon— Dr. Frank |
Robinson, vice Dr. G. \V. Helms, ap
pointment rescinded.
Chief food inspector— L. A. Devoto, '■
vice James I. Dockery. removed.
Assistant food inspectors— G. H. :
; Ryan, J. J. Sullivan and G. F. Murray.
j vice J. Fogarty, J. J. Flanagan and
Frank McGinney, removed.
Health inspectors — J. S. Daler. James I
C. Johnson, H. F. Smith. M. W. Coffey,
W. Edgar and \Y. E. Stewart, vice
Otto Luders, William Finnigan. I. L.
David, A. B. Kinne, Timothy Donovan
and W. H. Durem, removed.
Chief market inspector — William
• Ben Davis, removed.
Assistant market Inspectors— L. W.
Hollingsworth, Daniel Powers, Samuel
Brunswick and Harry Barron, vice \v.
1!. Jordan, .1. J.. Rivers. Thomas McEn- j
roe and A. I>. Turner, removed.
Chief plumbing inspector — G. \V.
Beyruther, vice .1. J. Sullivan, removed.
Assistant plumbing Inspectors — John
D. Nolan and W. I>. Hobro .!:-.. vice P.
;■'. Ward and Thomas McGrath, re
iii' ived.
Garbage inspector -G. Cuneo, vice W.
11. Harrison, removed.
Janitor to Food Department— l. Ber- I
liner, vie< i :. Bevan, removed.
•' ■-!■ tor of Health Department — C. D.
Harris, vice Benjamin Posner, re
moved.
Clerk, City and County Hospital— W.
J. Guilfoyle, vice I*. Eisner, removed.
Steward, City and County Hospital,
J. J. M ran. vice Paul R. Edwards,
: cmi ived.
Gardener, City and County Hospital,
Dennis Coleman, vice T. Sutliffe, re
movi d.
Day gate keeper, City and County
Hospital, I. S. Allen, vice T. F. Dillon,
removed.
Clerk. Almshouse, B. F Warschauer,
vice F. B. McClung, remov< d.
Engineer, Almshouse, Thomas J.
Lenehan, vice .1. J. Ortman, removed.
captain, quarantine launch, Peter
McGowan, vice w. v. Milestone, re
m< ■•> cd.
Deckhand, Charles Mitchell, vice A.
1 '. Johnson, removed.
Messenger, quarantine station. John
S. Wilkins, vice Louis Jones, removed.
Stewards, Receiving Hospital,
Tli. ma s Hess and Xat Cohen, vice C.
Bucher and J. Fogarty, removed.
Matron, It King Hospital, Mrs.
•;■ .• Ka ne, vii c herself.
Matron, Park Hospital. Mrs. Helen
Swett, vice herself.
Matron, Harbor Hospital. Mrs.
Bessie .1. Eddy, vice Mrs. Annie E.
■w . i emoved.
Disinterment Inspector, E. J.
Robinson, vice Dr. A. K. Happers
berger, removed.
Assistant Disintermeni Inspector,
Edward Niles, vie.. J. W. Cameron, re
moved.
A communication was read from
Health Officer Lawler in which he
spoke of the encouraging condition of
the patients suffering f'-oin contagious
diseases now at the Maclean Hospital
and the Pesthouse. He mad.- a request
for six poli< fflcers in Chinatown in
to make a thorough inspection
with a view !o subjecting that locality
to a cleaning-out process.
Dr. Lawler also referred to the re
turn of the troops from the Philippines
and the necessity for slrici quarantine
regulations for the in.-,, mint; trans
ports. He advised thai such precau
tions be taken so thai no friction may
!)■■ engendered between the Federal
and State authoi Ities.
A. J. Zobel, a recent graduate of
Cooper Medical College, was appointed
an interne at the Receiving Hospital.
M. •'. Hassett addressed the board on j
behalf of the Maclean Hospital direct
ors and requested thai th- ten patients!
now confined in the institution he a!- i
lowed to go to their homes, as more i
than fifteen days had elapsed since the i
Brsi serious case of smallpox had made
Its appearance.
The matter was referred to the
Health Officer, with full power to act.
The hoard adjourned to the call of
the chair.
Raisin -Seeding Plant for Woodland.
WOODLAND, June 27.— The Chico ral
sin-seeding plant is to be removed to
Woodland. In order to induce the pro
prietors to take this step, the Woodland
Fruit Exchange deeded a building and
site and guaranteed a further bonus of
1500. The proprietors promise to employ
a large force during the season. The plant
will bo in operation in plenty of time fur
this season's crop.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 28, 1899.
THE PRESIDIO IS
A MONTE CARLO
THE Presidio is a veritable Monte Carlo. Despite the fact that there is
a regulation in the army prohibiting gambling, games of crap and
chuck-a-luck operated upon a large and princely scale are running
under the very nose of the commanding officer. It is not the fault of
Colonel Freeman, for he is about as powerless to put an end to the
evil as the lowest private upon the reservation. This is the case for the rea
son that the soldiers who are running the games have dozens of "lookouts"
on guard, who at the first sight of an officer pass the signal and the game
disappears as completely as If It had been swallowed up by the earth.
Yesterday there were two games of crap and one of chuck-a-luck running
In full blast just In the rear of the quarters of the Twenty-fourth Infantry
below the adjutant's office. There Is no limit to the games and a soldier may
wager an entire month's pay upon one turn of the bones If be so desires.
The men shoot for any amount from 10 cents up, and it can be safely esti
mated that several hundred dollars a day are made by the operators of the
banks. Of course on pay day the games are largely patronized, but a soldier
and his money are soon parted, and as a consequence few of them have a
cent the next day unless they have a run of marvelous luck.
CRUELTY TO A HORSE.
Question of Veracity Between a Po
liceman and Louis Anixter, the
Driver of a Milk Wagon.
Louis Anlxter, the driver of n milk
wagon for his uncle. Harris Anixter,
Devisadero street, appeared before judg*-
Graham yesterday on the charge of
cruelty tn animals. Policeman Rlley tes
tified that about 2 o'clock yesterday morn
ing he saw the defendant on Pierce street,
rear Waller, striking his horse on the
face with his fist, kicking it in the stom
ach and bringing it on the ribs with an
■ mpty milk can. The wheels of the wagon
had g^it stuck In a rut on the roadway.
The officer shied a rock at the horse him
self i" make it go.
He rliri not think much of the treatment
of the horse under the circumstances, but
about twenty minutes later he reached
Scott street and saw the defendant lie
laboring the horse with a board. Ttv-n
he considered be was acting cruelly, as
the wagon wheels were not in a rut. and
he placed him under arrest.
Anixter denied thai there was any truth
in the officer's story, and his uncle took
WILL BE ORDAINED
BY THE ARCHBISHOP
Rev, Patrick T. Collodu, Who Will Enter the Priest
hood To-Morrow Morning,
<y7TP X event of importance in Catholic circles will take place to-morrow
I \\ morning in St. Mary's Cathedral. Rev, P. T. Collopy, a young md
ll —^.\ brilliant candidate, is t" l> ordained to the hob' priesthood by his
[j \^Grace Archbishop Riordan with all the solemn ceremonies attendant
•hi sucli an occasion. Invitations have been issued to the large fol
lowing of friends of the young man. and there is every likelihood that tha
sacred edifice will be crowded. The services will be Inaugurated at 8 o'clock
in the morning and will be participated In by many priests of the diocose.
Mr. Collopy, who is to be ordained, Is .i native son. having been born In
tl is city twenty-eight years ago. He received bis education at Sacred
lU::rt College, and on graduating, finished his studies at St. Mary's Col
lege, Oakland. Having decided to follow the colling of a priest, he went on
to Baltimore and look a five years' course in the famous theological semi
nary of thai city. On the death ol 'iis father in I-Yhruarv last he returned
in tbis |3tate and finished the last three months of his studies at St. Pat
rick's Theological Seminary at Menlo Par.:.
During his attendance at St. Mary's, and in fact at the seminary in
Baltimore, be stood at the head of his class. Many honors have been con
ferred on him for his able work, and his instructors predict a brilliant fu
ture for him. He is said to possess abilities as an orator, having received a
gold medal for his talents In that important art. When St. Mary's College
hi id its exercises at the Midwinter Fair Rev. Mr. Collopy was chosen orator
Of the day. and his discourse was a feature of the celebration.
Ho will celebrate his first mnss on Sunday morning at 11 o'clock in St.
Rose's Church, and in the evening will preach his initial sermon. Rev. Mr.
Collopy is extremely popular, and tlier»- is no doubt that his ordination will
be looked forward to with pleasure by his numerous friends.
the stand nnd expressed his surprise at
such a charge being made. He said he
i had examined the horse and had found no
| marks upon it.
The Judge was puzzled to know what
1 to do with the case, and ordered Anlxter
, to bring the horse to the outside of tho
! City Prison this morning, so that he
: could examine it himself.
. ♦ .
Will Support Phelan
The Thirty-second District Democratic
Club hf\ ( ] a meeting at Third and Bran
' nan streets last night. T. t'arl Spelling,
i .fudge A. D. Lemon and J. Flynn ad
dressed the meeting. The following reso
lution was adopted:
"Resolved, That we. the members of
the Thirty-second District Democratic
Club, do indorse and commend the admin
istration of our present Mayor, and here
by pledge the Hon. James D. Phelan our
earnest support in procuring for him bis
nomination. "
■ ♦ ■
Celebrate the Fourth with California
fireworks. Buy direct from makers. Cali
fornia Fireworks Co., 219 Front st. *
■ ♦ ■
Wrestling is regarded as a violation of
the divine law by Icelanders.
NO HARMONY
IN THE CAMP
OF DEMOCRATS
Heap of Trouble on
Phelan's Mind.
HIGH TREASON IS SUSPECTED
CLUBS EXISTING ONLY IN FANCY
INDORSE THE MAYOR.
Rainey Is Selected as the Outcast
to Suffer for the Sins
of All the Other
Bosses.
The camp of local Democrats 1b
crowded with politicians who are eager
to boss the party in the next municipal
campaign. The vast patronage under
the new charter Is the prize in view.
The high-handed usurpation of author
ity by the so-called Democratic County
Committee has provoked a spirit of
hostility in the ranks that threatens an
open revolt. To-day the moving fac
tions manifest so much bitterness that
party leaders predict disaster to the
Democrats in the next election.
There is a heap of political trouble on
Mayor Phelan's mind. One faction of
the party, that claims the exclusive
privilege of providing a pedestal for
the Mayor and conducting the exercises
of adoration, is assailed by A. M. Law
rence. The story goes that Lawrence
has broken with the Committee of One
Hundred because he cannot manage
the executive committee of twenty
which Jasper McDonald recently ap
pointed. The cause assigned for the
break is the report that the executive
committee has resolved to recognize
certain Assembly clubs as official or
ganizations. Mr. McDonald asserts
that no such recognition is promised,
but Lawrence is apprehensive of dan
ger to his scheme in this direction.
A supporter of the One Hundred re
marks: "For a lightweight in politics
Lawrence is playing a heavy game.
He has taken Into his confidence ex
boodlers and old-time outcasts. He
instructs them to get out and shout for
Phelan, to organize independent clubs
and adopt glowing resolutions of con
fidence in the Mayor's integrity as a
citizen and his speed as a political
runner. The game Is to convince the
Mayor that the people cannot be happy
without him. It is the hope that the
Mayor will be thus lulled to sleep by
the soft music of the praise service,
and that while he sleepeth Lawrence
may get ample time to do politics with
Rainey's men."
The leaders of the Committee of
One Hundred are certainly anxious to
convince the Mayor that they own the
works. They want him to understand
that the fountain of inspiration for the
next municipal campaign is in the
Columbian building. Accordingly they
have given Phelan some pointers to en
lighten him as to Lawrence's duplicity.
In the first place they have given to
Un> Mayor positive proof that one of
the great mass-meetings which in
dorsed him, and which was heralded
by Lawrence as a great outpouring of
independent Democrats, was attended
by only six persons. Proof was given
to the Mayor that many of the clubs
reported as having organized and
adopted Phelan resolutions do not exist
now and were never organized. The
resolutions were simply sent in for
publication 1 by rounders. The repre
sentatives of the Committee of One
undred also told Phelan that Law-
rence was ambitious to become a
"boss," and with the assistance of
Rainey's m<">n hoped to make the ticket
in all respects save that of Mayor.
The story comes that Phelan is get
tins very uneasy. He suspects that
Lawrence Is nut sincere. When it
comes to naming Supervisors it must
be confessed that Lawrence can hardly
l>ick nut a worse lot than Phelan once
selected. There are a great many Dem
ocrats, however, contending that the
convention should nominate the ticket
and that the bosses, hip and little,
should be compelled to stand aside.
It would be very embarrassing for
Lawrence at this time to point out any
dubs for official designation. His In
dependent organizations belong to the
realm of fancy, while the Buckley clubs
and the organization formed under the
auspices of the executive committee
are bands of visible and veritable roar
ing Democrats.
The Democratic municipal campaign,
so far as it relates to the renomina
tion of Mayor Phelan, is to be con
ducted under a pretense of rebuking
the bosses. Some particular boss is to
be selected as the "bogie man" of poli
tics. Rumor goes that Rainey, whose
abdication was heralded a few weeks
ago, is to take the role of had man.
He is to be execrated and driven to
his Ldvermore ranch. The programme
is still elastic and may be warped to
meet new conditions. The political
managers of the Southern Pacific bu
reau may introduce some original
features in the campaign. A boss
other than Rainey may be put up for
public execution. It is a sure thing,
however, that Phelan will be put for
ward as the arch enemy of the boss in
local politics.
PRIMARY OFFICERS.
Election Commissioners Act Upon
Three More Districts.
The Election Commissioners had a busy
day df ii yi sterday. They mcl tirst in the
morning and transacted routine business,
ami again ai night, when a large number
of voters were examined us to their ir-;-il
iflcations to serve us election officers for
tin- primary election on August S.
At the morning session Registrar Step
pacher reported that registration was in
creasing and promised to be satisfactory.
Bids for printing and stationery were
opened and the contract for printing was
awarded to the Commercial Publishing
Company for XlSft. Cunningham, Curtlss
& Welch received the contract for sta
tionery. their bid of $."iO being the luwst.
The board decided to erect election
booths except in precincts where ,1 •■;■
cant .store could be rented ai less tlvin
$17 TiO, the cost of erecting booth*:.
In the evening the board examined
several hundred voters, who had been
summoned in accordance with tho v>ro
visions of the new primary law. Men to
fill the vacancies in the precinct boards of
the Thirtieth District were firs; called.
and more than a sufficient number were
nnss"d temporarily. Then in turn the
Thirty-first. Thirty-third and Thirty
fourth districts were taken up. The plan
proved pntirely satisfactory, in many of
the precincts more than the number re
quired being: found who will be ablo to
serve. These names will be considered
to-day and the selections made. The
Thirty-fifth District was not acted upon,
the board excusing the persons summoned
until Thursday night, to which time the
board adjourned. Besides the Thirty
flfth. the Twentv-eiehth and Twenty
ninth districts wi'l com' 1 up then, as well
as the vacancies now existing In districts
already acted upon.
Forty-fourth District Democrats.
A -well-attended meeting of the Demo
crats of the Forty-fourth District was held
at AVashington Hall lasi night. The meet
inp Mas presided over by James A. De
voto. and after a few short speeches H.
L. Rea introduced a resolution which was
eulogistic of Mayor Phelan's administra
tion.
Bag Time Hayes, the Pianist.
At Kapp & Street, tamale Grotto; rightly. •
ADVERTISEMENTS. ,„__-'-.-. '-
WASH %
t^ r^ t^ i"\ r>
DRESS
FABRICS!
This week we will offer Extraordinary
Bargains in our WASH DRESS GOODS
DEPARTMENT in the following goods :
LAWNS, PRINTED PIQUES, SCOTCH
CHEVIOTS, SCOTCH MADRAS and
PRINTED ORGANDIES. We call particu-
lar attention to the following three lines.
\2f2C Yard. j
5 cases IMPORTED CHEVIOTS, stripes, dots and
figures, in New Blue, Lavender, Pink, Navy
and White grounds, goods 33 inches wide.
Reduced from 250.
lOC Yard.
3 cases 32-inch SCOTCH MADRAS, in Plaids and
Checks, good variety of new colorings.
Reduced from 15c.
75 pieces NEW PRINTED PIQUES, all this sea-
son's importation, at 10c, 15c and 20c
per yard. Former prices 15c, 25c and 40c
yard.
111. 113. 115, 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
THEY WILL OVERHAUL
ELECTION OFFICERS
FIRST MOVE IN THE DEMO
CRATIC CAMPAIGN.
Meeting of the Executive Committee
in the New Headquarters in the
Columbia Building.
Thf executive committee of the Demo
cratic Committee of One Hundred mrt in
Its now quarters in the Columbia build-
Ing last evening. As yet the room* are
! not prepossessing, but they will be bet-
I tered later, and to that end it has been
! decided to let out a. little of the patronage.
There will be an assistant secretary ap
pointed, whose business it will be to sit
in the rooms of the committee and extend
a glad hand and winsome smile to any
of the faithful who may wish to spend
the day in one of the chairs.
The distribution of this bit of patronage
was considered sufficiently momentous
by the executive committee to warrant
the nppointment of a special committee of
three to see that the right man gets it.
So far the only man spoken >>f is that vet
eran place-holder J. H. Zemansky, who
has just emerged from the Registrar' 5 ; of
fice under the turn of affairs political.
The committee on assistant secretary is
composed of Howard Park. George Mc-
I Gilivray and Barna McKenna. The com
mittee "promises to furnish a suitable as
sistant secretary within ;i few days, and
one who will put in all his spare time in
the headquarters.
Most of the time of the committee was
spent in listening to Mr. McCarthy, who
had a few words to say on nearly every
thing brought up. He was responsible
for the idea that something ought to be
done to bring out a big vote on August
S. and he moved that a committee of three
be appointed to prepare an address to the
voters upon the subject. The committee
will be appointed later, 'he chair decid
ing that it would take some time to pick
out the literary geniuses of the organiza
tion.
M H. Hernan of the committee on
registration stirred up a parliamentary
tangle that t"ok tho remaining part of
the session to unravel. It was whether or
not the registration committee could be
charged with the task of supervising the
roll of Democrats who had hern nr would
be appointed to serve as election officers.
It was finally decided that the matter
should be left tn the registration com
mittee, as was suggested in the first
place. The Registrar will be notified that:
tiic members of that committee will offi
cially represent the Democratic party in
tlu> matter of election officers. The mem
bers of the committee are M. H. Hernan,
J. li. Grady. Barna McKenna. P. li Mc-
Carthy and YV. D. Farren. They will call
on the Registrar to-day.
Maxwell, for the finance committee, re
: ported progress and then went on to tell
i what good work the committee had done.
! It seems it will not be necessary to assess
! any of the followers of the Democratic
| prophet if the Committee of One Hun
dred will only come to the front. That it
I will has been promised by several who.
! however, did not at the timp speak for the
: whole committee. This Mr. Maxwell was
j careful to explain, though at the same
' time ho threw out a hope of financial im
munity that was refreshing and reassur
: Inir.
The committee on hall pointed with
! pride to the uncarpeted rocms and an
nounced that the janitor of the building
would keep them clean without extra ex
' pense. One man of discernment. Mr. Far
ren. observed that there were no acoom
! modations for the press, and the hall
i committee was ordered to add the re
i <)tiired furnishing. Maxwell was the first
I to get tired, and he moved to adjourn, a
motion that met with favor, and the com
i mltteemen departed.
There was a short meeting of the regis
tration committee after the executive
committee had adjourned, the result of
! which was that the "press is requested to
j call attention to the fact that unless a
i man registers his removal from his pre
viously registered address by July 8 he
i will forfeit the privilege of voting, for
! July S is the limit of time for the record-
I ing of changes of residence."
Primary Club Organized.
The Forty-second Precinct Primary
Democratic Club of the Thirtieth Assem
bly District was organized last night by
the election of the following officers-
President. Hugh Foote: first vice presi
dent. Thomas Kirley, and secretary, X
G. Schul.
ONE WEEK fZjg =f]
FREE §
Treatment and Medicine g^k§
Catarrh Teaf ness, I lIP
NOISES IN* THE EARS §2 2/%|
AND THROAT DISEASES ■£$&.//&
given to show the superior SjSSV' V^^ ■"
merit of my new Invention Ussy JsSLi
and ANTISEPTIC treatment; iS/ ui^St"
that gives many marvelous |& g£§SMB
cures ami '«n easy a child BJ^.^ jQlislllß •
can use it. In 1200 test cases Kg
all CATARRHAL. patients re- Si KRSflt^
lieved and SO per cent Deaf- f§§*<«ss|iip^SC
ness cured. Best of references IHTViFf'nif^ni
and hundreds of endorsements. But the best Is
to try It and be convinced while you can.
FREE FOR ONE WEEK.
Call at once or write.
DR. COTTINGHAM,
632 Market St., opp. Palaoe Hotel.
Hours— A. M.. 1-3 and 7-8 P. M.
JOE POHEIM, tI&
Makes the Best Fitting Clothes at 25 per
cent less than any other house on the
Pacific Coa»t, And it is the only house
where you get lino clothes. at moderate
prices. an.
JSi CS| r ||"t"C!
PANTS fT SUITS
TO ORDER M^ TO ORDER
$4.50 Emm $10.00
5.00 MmM 13.50
600 % lm 15 50
7.00 Si 17.50
8.00 Iff 20.00
900 ii 2500
10.00 "SS^ 30.00
FULL DRESS SUITS TO ORDER FROM $25 TO $60
The firm of JOE POHEIM it the large* on the Cent.
Rules for self measurement and sample* of cloth lent fret.
If garments are not satisfactory in every respect, money
refunded. 201 an( , ., 03 Montgomery St., and
11 10 and 1112 Market St., S. F.
455 Fourteenth St., Oakland
It" S. Spring: St., Los ingelM
As Independence Day fails
on Tuesday, the store
and factory of
Shreve & Co. Will Be Closed
from Saturday, July Ist. at
5:30 P. M.. until Wednes-
day, July sth, at 8 A. M.
§ PAINLESS DENTISTRY. i
\ V ' /•/ / PLATSB. $400 up j£
5" s^^il^yr^ HLLlN*B...2senj2^ .
"^m -Jl^l^h^Zr CROWNS $3. 50 up .
Open Evenings and Sundays. ■£•'
Open Evenings and Sundays. Wf!t :
VAN V^,OOjVE 5| ,
3" ELECTBO-DENTAIi PARLORS. •&
997 MARKET, COR. SIXTH. 5" '
Weekly Gall, $1.00 jn Year
1 x r . _