VOLUME LXXXVI— NO. Hi).
"THANK GOD, I AM HOME AGAIN!"
DECLARES ADMIRAL GEORGE DEWEY
After an Absence of Twenty-Three Months
the Hero of Manila Bay Fervently
Expresses Pleasure Upon Returning,
Talks About the Philippines and
Seems to Dread the Great Welcome
That Has Been Prepared for Him.
NEW YORK, Sept. 26.— Out of the
mist and fog that hung over the
sea beyond Sandy Hook at peep
o' day this morning emerged
the Olympia, with Admiral
George Dewey on board. The Olympia
■was weather-stained but stanch, after
her long run horne — and ' tWo days
ahead of — and Dewey, hearty,
bronzed, modest, ready to receive the
plaudits of his countrymen, but des
tined before the day ended to be utterly
'dumfounded when ho learned the mag
nitude of the welcome that awaited
him.
His flagship slipped around Sandy
Hook, and it was by the merest chance
that the little garrison at Fort Han
cock got in an admiral's salute of
seventeen guns before the oiympia
came to anchor in the lower bay. The
Olympia had come at a steady pace of
10 knots an hour, using one screw, for
a. blade of the other had been damaged
In coming through the Suez canal, and
she made no stop anywhere. Her voy
age was made in perfect weather, and
the admiral caught the first glimpse
of his native land early on Monday
night. Then the Olympia stood off
shore until daybreak when she came
in, catching almost everybody napping
except the ship news watcher in Sandy
Hook lookout.
Hardly had her anchor struck bottom
before, the word was passed to this
city and hence all over the country
that Admiral Dewey had arrived.
The gray mist of dawn had hardly
been dispelled before pleasure boats
began sailing about the cruiser and
shouts of welcome arose. A storm of
cheers floated over the water from the
fleet of excursion craft when the ad
miral was recognized. At sight of each
new American flag- the admiral lifted
his cap and bowed. Time and again he
turned to some officers of the Olympia
(standing by his side and said. "Thank
God, I am home again."
When her anchor rattled to the bot
tom and the Olympia swung at her
moorings the admiral stepped out on
the quarterdeck. The sun had not
long, been started on its climb up th"
heavens. The admiral bared his head
and took in a long breath, then .he
pi.id: "I am glad to get back."
Not at that moment nor at any time
later in the day when official visits
were showered on him, did he speak of
the emotion he felt at • his changed
position. Here stood the man for whom
all Americans were waiting the one
creat hero of the war. the individual
The San Francisco Call.
toward • whom the whole heart of his
country went out in good-fellowship.
He/had' come home to receive a wel
come the like -of which has never been
tendered to a living American, yet, less
than two years before he had gone
abroad, a commodore, it is true, but
comparatively unknown outside of his
profession of arms, and outside of his
native. State. He has returned to find
his name on everybody's lips and. his
picture. in . everybody's window, and
everybody speculating, some, vaguely
and some with keen desire, whether, it
would not be well to make George
Dewey President.
The admiral had not expected the re
ception committee until to-morrow. He
had telegraphed the Mayor that he
would be at ; Tomkinsville to-morrow.
But the gentlemen who are running the
reception feared that Governor Roose
velt might call before the committee,
so they acted precipitately. These var
ious calls and Interviews gave an in-
Bight at close range into the character
of the country's greatest hero. In the
first place, everybody will be interested
in knowing what Admiral Dewey thinks
of himself as a Presidential candidate.
He merely laughs. He declines to en
tertain the thought of running for po
litical office. . •
When told that his relatives said that
he was a Republican, he said they
knew no more about his politics than
a stick. When a wag informed him
that there was talk of running him for
President, with General Joe Wheeler
for Vice President, he observed that he
and Wheeler would make a pretty mess
of it, "for he would try to run the
country like a ship and Wheeler would
try to run it like a regiment." The ad- |
miral had no criticism of the conduct i
of affairs in the Philippines. His re- j
marks were very guarded, but he reit- :
erated^ his .,. well-known saying. "Fill- ■
pinos are as capable of self-government
as the Cubans," adding that he did not
think the Filipinos were ready for self
government just yet.
Admiral Dewey appears keen, alert,
eager in voice and action, and appar
ently in perfect physical condition. He
said he felt well. He told the commit
tee on reception that he was all right
if he could stand the strain of the re- i
ception awaiting him. Then he ex
plained that at Naples he bad accepted
one dinner invitation, and as a result i
had to accept four others, in conse- |
quence of which he was sick for a week.
His officers do not believe that the
strain he will have to undergo will im
pair his health in the least, and they
ADMIRAL GEORGE DEWEY.
SAN FBANCISCO, WEDSESDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1899.
OLYMPIA AT ANCHOR IN THE LOWER BAY.
think be wH] come out of it as fresh
as he is when he goes in. The admiral
is not guing to sleep ashore until the
heavy part of the reception is over.
When h..- u;ip invited to spend Friday
night at the Waldorf, he said no, he
Would return to his ship, and would be
up in plenty of time to place himself
at the disposal of the committee for
the cup presentation at the City Hall
at 9 o'clock Saturday morning.
It waf not until he talked with naval
callers that the magnitude of the re
ception waiting him began to dawn on
Admiral Dewey. He declared that he
felt immense pride and gratification in
the reception, but it almost confused
him to see what his countrymen were
doing. In all his conversation, in every
tone, every detail of manner, every
movement, the admiral typified the
character which the American people
have given him. All his callers united
in saying that he is modest to a degree
when speaking of his own work. In
deed, he never referred to it by sug
gestion or even by indirection, but he
was enthusiastic and buoyant with
pride when he spoke not only of his
own officers and men, but of the whole
service.
Admiral Dewey is a humorist. He
had to smile when the chairman of the
reception committee, with great unc
tion, detailed how the admiral was to
ride with the Mayor in a carriage
"drawn by four bay horses," and when
he was called upon to explain how he
happened to be two days ahead of time
he remarked that he had made it a
custom in life to be a day or two
ahead rather than an hour behind time,
"because, you see," he said, "I come
from Vermont, and that is a State
where we have to scratch gravel."
The admiral also declared that his
pictures made him look older than he
really was. At the same time he re
marked, "I think I am getting old. The
fact is I started in to be a hero too
late in life. I should have begun
younger."
Admiral Dewey found time yesterday
to receive the newspaper men with
great cordiality. He also found time
to receive a call from Sir Thomas Lip
ton, which he was to return later in the
day. He was scrupulous about doffing
his hat every time one of the Sandy
Hook boats took a cheering crowd of
commuters past. He took everything
in a very matter-of-fact way, and
seemed to be supremely happy to be
back in his native land once more.
DEWEY GLAD
TO GET HOME
Touched by the Splen
did Welcome Pre
pared by Ameri
can People.
NEW YORK. Sept. 26.— Admiral
George Dewey arrived off New York
at dawn, and the Olympia is now
anchored in American waters in the
light cf Sandy Hook.
The first shout of welcome was from
, the pilots a.nd crew of pilot boat No. 7,
j fifteen miles south of the Hook light
: ship. It happened to be Pilot John
Peterson's turn and at 5:50 a. m. he
was put on board the Olympia and
■ brought her around the Hook and into
I the lower bay. The marine observers
j along the coast had sighted the Olym
| pia in the first light of the morning.
I The shore batteries of Fort Hancock,
manned by gunners called from break
fast, let loose seventeen guns. The
flagship replied with twenty-one and
let go her anchors not far from where
the cup challenger Shamrock is moored.
The admiral was in his own country
again, after twenty-three months' ab
sence. He had returned "great with
the arduous greatness of things done,"
and he scarcely seemed to realize it.
The pilot had brought aboard the Sun
day papers and a reporter of the Asso
ciated Press was received by the ad
miral in a cabin littered by the illus
trated Dewey editions, which together
made hundreds of pages in black and
white and in colors, all concerning the
great admiral and the preparations to
receive him.
"It almost saddens me," said he, "to
see what my people are doing for me.
The pride and gratification is immense
and I cannot express the appreciation
I feel. I did not know, I did not really
perceive until this morning the splendid
welcome that my countrymen are giv
ing me. The Governors of many States
are coming to see me and troops from
GREAT JOY IN THE OLD
GREEN MOUNTAIN STATE
NEW YORK. Sept. 26. — In many places throughout the country guns were started booming, bells ringing
and whistles screaming early this morning by the announcement of the safe arrival here of Admiral Dewey. ,
New York City was not the only Joyously noisy place. Other cities far and near celebrated, each in its own j
fashion.
Taken by surprise, the residents of Montpelier, Vt., only worked the harder in preparation for the recep
tion of their most distinguished citizen. The news reached there early, and was greeted with the firing of can
"non, fireworks and unlimited cheering. The citizens term the Olympiads early arrival "another Dewey surprise."
At Norwich University at Northfleld, Vt., where the admiral was once a student, the receipt of the news }
was a signal for a demonstration, in which all the bells and whistles of the town were used, while cannon on >
the university grounds gave the admiral's salute. A meeting will be held at Northfleld to make arrangements j
for receiving the admiral on October 13, when the cornerstone of Dewey Hall is to be laid. 5
In Philadelphia Mayor Ashbridge ordered the ringing of the bell in the tower of historic Independence Hall. J
Seventeen strokes, an admiral's salute, were tolled.
The booming of cannon broke the morning stillness of Princeton, N. J. Whistles, pistols, guns, firecrackers
and other noise-making devices joined, until nothing could be heard but a medley of reverberating sounds. ,
The townspeople turned out in alarm, but the university students told them that Dewey was home. The admiral j
is dear to the hearts of the sons of old Nassau, not only because of his deeds, but because his son is a gradu- j
ate of Princeton and a loyal alumnus. '
The firemen of Belleview, N. J., were scared by the blowing of a whistle in a big factory. They had been
warned that it would be blown when Dewey arrived, but it was so unexpected the flre-fighters hurried out the
apparatus and raced to the factory. When they learned of their mistake the men rushed back and set the
engine-house bell in motion.
Newark, Morrietown. Jersey City and other places throughout New Jersey celebrated with demonstra- ,
tions of most enthusiastic kind.
MAYOR'S OFFICE,
City and County of San Francisco.
To the People of San Francisco:
Thursday, September 28, Admiral
Dewey's arrival will be celebrated in New ;
York. The people of San Francisco de
sire to express their patriotic regard for the
hero of Manila Bay, whose victory saved !
our coast from ravage and opened the
Pacific Ocean to our trade. I therefore ;
call upon all citizens to display the flag \
and to otherwise express their gratification
on this joyous occasion.
JAMES D. PHELAN, Mayor.
Florida, Georgia and other far-away
States are on their way to take part
in receiving me."
The admiral stroked the head of a
tawny-haired dog. the crow dog of a
Chinese breed that appears in the il
lustrated interviews with the admiral.
"Bob. here." he said, "is not well.
He yearns to be ashore. He is sick to
get a little grass and to scamper
around. I feel a good deal that way
myself. I am mighty glad to get home.
It is not good for a man any more than
a dog to live on shipboard for twenty
three months."
Alluding to his arrival two days
ahead of time he said: "I am sorry
that I am ahead of schedule. The
Olympia has been steaming at the uni
form rate of ten knots an hour since'
we left Gibraltar. Several days ago
we knew that we would arrive before
Thursday unless we moderated our
speed or went somewhere out of our
course. Captain Lamberton. Lieuten
ant Brumby and I held a consultation.
The propriety of running into Hampton
Roads or some other port in the South
was spoken of, but we concluded that
we ought not to touch land first any
where except at New York. It was
suggested that we cruise some distance
outside New York harbor until Thurs
day, but we knew that if we did we
would be disco% - ered and reported. The
weather looked a little squally, and it
seemed better to be inside the Hook
than outside. But the consideration
that really decided us to come into
port was to give Captain Lamberton a
chance to clean un the ship before our
PKICE FIVE CENTS.
voyage up the harbor. Captain Lam
berton and I are very proud of the
Olympia and we wanted enough time at
our anchorage to rub her down and to
make her look spick and span."
The Olympia looks as smart now as
a yacht. The anchors were hardly
down before details of the crew were
washing the ship's white sides and
touching up the stains with paint.
The admiral's first business was to
send an officer ashore with telegrams
for the Navy Department, Mayor Van
Wyck and General Butterfleld. announ
cing the arrival. He then spent most
of the morning in looking over news
papers and receiving reporters. He
was just finishing a midday breakfast
when Sir Thomas Lipton called on
him. With Sir Thomas were Dr.
Mackay and other visiting Englishmen.
"I suppose you have come for the
' tea." said Admiral Dewey, referring to
| Sir Thomas' gift of five pounds of tea
to each man on the ship while at Co
lombo.
"No; you're welcome to that if any
body can drink it," replied Sir
Thomas.
The admiral and the owner of the cup
challenger had a fifteen-minute talk.
As Sir Thomas and his friends left th<;
Olympia a half hundred of the ship s
crew forward cheered the Baronet.
"You could not stop "em," cried out
Admiral Dewey, waving his hand at
Sir Thomas Lipton. "They had not
any orders to do that."
Admiral Dewey then had a succes
sion of notable callers. Rear Admiral
Sampson with Captain Chadwick, hisDEWEY -PRAISES HIS SAILORS
AND TALKS OF THE PHILIPPINES
• TV TEW YORK, Sept. 26.— The Evening Post prints the following inter
♦ l\ I view with Admiral Dewey:
I IVI '-They are a splendid lot," the admiral said, speaking of his men,
♦ Li "the very pick, the finest In our navy, and that means the best in the
world ,; • ... | . ..- Manila the Archbishop, with whom I after
♦ ward became very Intimate, said that the American sailors were the se,,-,
I ot  .... | bloodthirsty lot of cutthroats, who would destroy everything
"Later^n, when I did get there," said the admiral with a knowing
Lrchbishop came on board one day while I had a battalion at
battalion that will parade in New York. The Arch
■ , t , vein on the bridge and watched them closely. I knew he was ad
hring them, and 1 iaid to him, 'Weil, what do you think of our Amerftan
Bailors?'
'• 'They are splendid" he said. '! have seen the men of most navies, but
never anything like these. They are magnificent. I cannot understand it—
* sucn splendid young fellows. How does it happen?'
" Weil." said the admiral, 'we look for the best men. We come closer
I to our men. them better than other countries do, and we pay them
* ' "Then I called a man and said to him, ' How .much do you get a month? 1
]]( . ; said, 'Eighty dollars, sir.' The Archbishop was astonished.
* You know $80 would pay a whole shipload of Spaniards. After that the
" y IVrchbishop had a very decent respeel for us and became very friendly.
♦ n ere i '->f General Luna, which was given to me by the Arch
*
»p.
* The admiral then sent an orderly for the picture of the Filipino geiJ
f eral who was "murdered by order of Aguinaldo," as he said. The picture
f was that of I; a s ' jrt °* t:!r y uniform. On the. back was an in
■iption In Spanish to the Archbishop of Manila, Father Bernardino Mesa
chief of staff, and Lieutenant Com
mander WinsloW, his flag lieutenant,
came on the Dolphin. When the dis
patch boat was a mile away it began
firing an admiral's salute and the
Olyinpia replied with a rear admiral's
salute of thirteen gun?. The Dolphin
anchored near the Olympia and Rear
Admiral Sampson and his staff went
übuard. They were received by Admiral
Dewey, Captain Lamberton, Lieutenant
Brumby and the officer of the deck,
the full marine guard and band being
paraded. The officers went to the ad
miral's cabin. Rear Admiral Sampson
paid that he was delighted with the
evident pood health of Admiral Dewey
and he told the admiral that he looked
much younger than most of the port
raits made him out to be. Rear Ad
miral Sampson remained on board for
more than an hour and after returning
to the Dolphin he said:
"Admiral Dewey is delighted, as is
every one aboard, to reach his native
shore a grain. He is much moved by
the great kindness and enthusiasm, of
the people and though shrinking from
public display and ceremony, feels
deeply the regard of which these are
the outcome. In fact he feels and ex
presses him e elf precisely as a man of
his fine and modest temperament may
be expected to do. The country honors
in him these fine qualities as well as
those sterner ones which have given
-
him his fame.
Rear Admiral Sampson had first
learned of Admiral Dewey's arrival at
the Brooklyn navy yard, where he went
about 10 o'clock to see Rear Admiral
Philip. Soon after Rear Admiral Samp
son had gone Rear Admiral Philip
voyaged down the bay in the Narkeeta
and made an official call, attended by
Commander J. D. J. Kelley. The rear
admiral's salute was not fired in this
:ase by request of Rear Admiral Philip.
Admiral Dewey received these official
visits in undress uniform.
Dr. Sanborn of the port physicians'
staff visited the Olympic and look' at
her papers. Eleven of the crew of 375
men have typhoid fever. Some of the
?oses are convalescent and all of them
are of a mild type, according to Dr.
Percy, the ship's surgeon. No one has
3ied of the fever and with this excep
tion the sailors and marines are well.
Dr. Percy is unable to account for the
presence of the fever on the ship. The
cases are not numerous or serious
enough to cause, him alarm and it is
probable that the sick men will be
taken ashore to a hospital to-morrow.
George Bidwell, Collector of the Port,
Postmaster Vancott and several of the
customs' officials visited the admiral
and were personally conducted around
the ship by him.
AJI day tugs, sail boats and excur
sion steamers came up near the Olym
pia and took a look at her. Every
body who asked was* permitted to
come aboard. Rome of the parties of
sightseers on launches and steamers
were invited by the officer of the deck
to come up the gangway. The Olym
pia's anchorage is rather a lonely
place, and rot a great many vessels
make a point of going there. The
North German Lloyd steamer Saale,
outward bound, passed close to the
Olympia. The Saale's passengers
crowded to the rails. Admiral Dewey
responded to waving pocket handker
chiefs by lifting his cap several times.
The Saale's band played the "Star-
Spangled Banner," and the Olympia
dipped her flag. The Cunarder Urania
passed out half an hour afterward.
She fired seventeen signal bombs. Ad
miral Dewey directed the Olympia's
band to play "God Save the Queen."
The admiral about 5 o'clock returned
Sir Thomas Upton's visit. Lieutenant
Brumby and the admiral's son, George
G. Dewey, were with him. Sir Thomas
met the admiral at the starboard gang
way, with his friends, and the entire
party went to the after cabin,' where
the health of the admiral, the Sham
rock and of course the Columbia, was
drunk amid enthusiasm.
The admiral remained on board for
nearly half an hour and then started
for his ship. The Erin's crew began to
cheer, and as his launch drew away the
entire ship's company, guests, officers,
crew, servants, Singalese and all, led
by Sir Thomas, with a "Hip, hip, hip,"
gave three honest cheers, the kind the
admiral heard from the British war
ships in Manila Bay. Admiral Dewey
waved his gold-bound cap like a school
boy as he stood on the rail of his little
white-canopied launch being given a
hearty welcome in his own home
waters by a hundred foreigners.
Admiral Dewey purposes, unless his
plans shall be changed by the reception
committee, to bring the Olympia up the
lower bay and anchor inside the harbor
with the squadron of United States
warships off Tompkinsville, of which
squadron he is now in superior com
mand. <
COMMITTEE
MEETS DEWEY
NEW YORK, Sept. 26.— The unex
pected arrival of the cruiser Olympia
with Admiral George Dewey for a time
completely upset the elaborate plans of
the reception committee. Before pro»
ceedfng further in the arrangements
fur the reception in Dewey's honor it
was decided to consult the great nuval
hero. After a hasty meeting in the
City Hall all the members of the "sub- |
committee of the reception committee
but two, William C. -Whitney and Lev!
P. Morton, this afternoon visited the
warship arid talked over the plans with
the admiral.
When the programme was explained j
to him. Admiral Dowey said it was very '
satisfactory, and that he would re
main aboard the Olympia until Friday ■
morning and would then receive the
official visit of Mayor A an Wyck.
The police boat Patrol took the sub- j
committee and Mayor Van Wyck's re- I
port to the Olympia. St. Clair McKel- !
way was chosen acting chairman. He
was accompanied, by Richard Cr'oker)
Senator Depew, ex-Congressman Wil- '
liam McAdoo, Warren W. Foster and
Howard Carroll. Mayor Van Wyck
was represented by his secretary, Al
fred M. Downs, Among others on the
Patrol were Chief of Police Devery
and President York •■; the Police Board.
Approaching Admiral Dewey's Hag
ship, this message was wigwagged to
the warship:
"We are the police steamboat Patrol,
having on board representatives of the
Mayor of the city of New York. Will
you make gangway starboard or port?"
No answer was made to this message,
but a few minutes later the Olympia's
steam launch was alongside the Patrol
to carry the delegation to the cruiser.
The representatives of the city ascend- i
ed the gangway to the warship's deck,
headed by Mr. Downs. There, on the
after quarter on the starboard side of. l
the cruiser, the visitors were met by
Flag Lieutenant Brumby, who intro
duced them to Admiral Dewey and
Captain Lamberton and the members
of the sub-committee. After a hearty
handshake with the. visitors Admiral j
Dewey invited the city's representa- I
tives into his cabin. After seating his j
callers in a half circle about him. Ad
miral Dewey also took a chair. Secre
tary Caldwell of the Olympia took a
place at the admiral's left hand and
Flag Lieutenant Brumby at his right.
Recognizing ex-Assistant' Secretary
of the Navy McAdoo, Admiral Dewey
remarked, "You remember how it was
in the Navy Department to get things ',
done, but it is better now."
McAdoo was about to reply, when
Acting Chairman McKelway addressed
the admiral, explaining that the pur
pose of the visit was to submit, for the
admiral's approval an outline of the
plans for the celebration. Admiral i
Dewey at once assented to th proposal
that the Mayor call upon him at 11
o'clock Friday morning, saying:
"As I wrote to Genera] Butterfield, !
[ am entirely in the hands of the com
mittee and any arrangements that it
makes will be agreeable to me. Eleven
o'clock Friday I'll be there, but I want
to say that I hope my strength will
hold out through th; celebration. On
my way here I did not accept any
courtesies excepting at Naples. There
I took one dinner, and they persuaded j
me to take four dinners, and I was sick j
for a week."
The admiral agreed to all of the pro
gramme for Friday— the naval parade —
except the last detail, which was that
he should ' spend Friday night at the
Waldorf-Astoria. He said:
"I will stay on board the ship that
night. . Now, I understand that the
committee, has done away with the j
Saturday ' breakfast and you want to
start early on the following morning
you want to start before breakfast."
Mr. Foster here explained that ar- i
rangements had been made for a lunch
eon on board the Mayor's steamer.
"That is very nice, very satisfactory. j
I understand I am expected at the City
Hall at 9 o'clock," said Admiral Dewey. j
"Would It be convenient to come to j
New York In your own launch or one j
of the city's boats?" inquired General j
Carroll. v 1 v.;"
"My launches are slow. It might be j
a bad day and the launch might be j
awash from the craft in the harbor,"
replied the admiral.
"How about the crew of this ship?" j
quickly inquired Admiral Dewey. j
"How will they get ashore? I've got
850 men here and th*y all want to go, \
and how will they get over from where j
we are anchored?"
Mr. McAdoo explained that the city
would supply. boats for the transfer.
"That is all right," said the admiral
with a smile, "that will be very satis- j
factory. The men can go ashore in the j
morning. "I've arrived here a few ;
days in advance of the time," he con- |
tinued, "but I thought it would be
better to be a few days ahead than one |
day behind," soothingly said the ad- j
miral to the committee. "You know the
State I come from. We have to scratch '
gravel in Vermont. I thought it would j
be better to spend two or three days
inside here. If we were one day be
hind it might have upset some of the j
arrangements. I have made it a cus- I
tom in life to try to be two or. three I
days ahead instead of an hour behind." j
A suggestion having been made that ,
the admiral come ashore before the
celebration, he interrupted the speaker,
saying: "I shall remain on board this i
ship until \ Friday morning when the I
Mayor calls." "
The committee, after a brief personal
chat, withdrew and returned to shore.
COMMENT OF THE
LONDON NEWSPAPERS
LONDON, Sept. 27.— Most of the
morning papers comment editorially
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. 1899.
lado. It was signed by Luna. Admiral Dewey then said that Luna was the
best man the Filipinos had.
"It was a plot to assassinate him," he said. "A crack swordsman was
placed as sentry, and when Luna appeared he simply stabbed him. But
these fellows all," said the admiral, "are a queer lot. They were simply
servants and stablemen, and Aguinaldo was a junior clerk in the navy-yard.
He Is a pretty smart fellow. I knew him pretty well. In fact, we were
great friends, and are, for that matter of fact, but he has not the brains.
There are people behind him, some of them lawyers and able fellows, who
make a tool of Aguinaldo. Here, by the way, is a cane which he presented
to me," and the admiral produced a thick black stick, carved, and resem
biing Irish bog oak more than anything else.
"I thought," said the admiral, "that this thing in the Philippines would
be over long before this, as it should have been. I can't imagine how
they have stood out until now. Of Course there was the rainy season and I
suppose little was done. One great trouble out there has been that General
iii- has tried to do too much. I told him so. He wants to be general,
governor, judge and everything else — to have hold of all the irons. No man
ran do that. This is the great trouble. It is enough for a man to do one
thing, to be one thing, but when a man tries to do everything and be every
thing, it is easy to imagine the result.
"The fight in the Philippines should be easily ended. The people ha-vip
been so badly treated for such a length of time by the Spaniards that they
are distrustful. This is the great difficulty in dealing with them. Where
we have met them and they have been in such contact with us as to learn
that we mean to treat them well, where they have seen that we mean what
we say, there is no trouble. They stand by us all the time. All of them will
learn this in time. They will get from under the influence of Aguinaldo,
or rather those people who are behind Aguinaldo, who, as I said before,
is a mere tool.
upon Admiral Dewey's arrival at New
York. The Morning Post says: "We
congratulate the United States on hav
ing at a. time of national awakening to
power and responsibility so worthy an
exponent of the combined ideas of pa
triotism and imperialism to whom to
render homage."
The Daily Chronicle says: "President
M< Kit ley and his friends will possibly
regard the popular welcome extended
to Admiral Dewey with not a little anx
iety, owing to the contrast of Dewey's
:*h the floundering of Otis.
if the D mocrats are wise t hi y will
n >, v their champion. He would
l>e a formidable candidate for the Pres-
General Aiger had to be
v fged from President McKlnley like
>m eyp tooth. Will any dental opera
nduce him to give up the ineffect
. Ot is?"
WASHINGTON
SURPRISED
Naval Officials Lose No
Tim 3 in Extending
a Welcome.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 26.— The Navy
Department, equally with New York,
onsi !' n bly surprised this morn
ing at the arrival of the Olympia. at
Sandy Hook. The first official intima
tion that the Olympia had reached
came in this dispatch from the
admiral :
Sandy Hook. N. J.. Sept. 2<5.
Secretary Navy: Olympia will go to
Tompkinsville to-morrow. . - DEWEY.
To this message Secretary Long re
plied:
Admiral Dewey, Sandy Hook: The de
partment is happy to learn of your safe
arrival, and extends to you and to your
officers and crew a most cordial welcome
home. .. JOHN D, LONG.
Secretary Long said -this afternoon
that no definite decision .= had • been
reached as to the admiral's ' future
duty. He said he desired to discuss the
matter with the admiral and learn his
wishes.
It is understood ■ that immediately
after the > festivities at New York
formal orders will be issued detaching
the admiral from the Olympia, and he
will then be granted indefinite leave,
should he desire it.
There is no important board to which
the admiral could be assigned, and
when Long discusses the matter with
him it would not be surprising if he
should desire him to accept the post
of official adviser to the Secretary.
Upon the detachment of the admiral
the Olympia will proceed to Boston,
where she will be thoroughly repaired.
Before being placed out of commission
a board of survey will inspect her and
submit a report in regard to repairs
needed. Captain Lamberton and the
other officers will be detached and
granted leave, and as most of the crew
are short time men they, will be dis
charged -from the service.
It was reported to-day that Secretary
Long had instructed Admiral Dewey to
■ to Washington immediately, but
this report is denied by officials, as is
j also the report that the department is
displeased with the admiral because of
the arrival of the Oiynlpia before the
>h«j was due.
After conferring with the President
and Secretary Long, Mr. Allen, the As
; Secretary of the Navy, left here
this afternoon for the purpose of seeing
Admiral Dewey and discussing the ar
rangements for the next few days.
During the Cabinet meeting to-day
plans were matured for the official
ceremony at the Capitol, when the
President will present to Admiral
Dewey the sword awarded by Congress.
Mr. Allen will learn the admiral's
wishes in this regard, and will go over
the several other features of the na
tional ceremony to be carried out
when he arrives here, including the de
tails of the dinner the President will
give to the admiral next Tuesday
night.
AN AERIAL SALUTE
TO ADMIRAL DEWEY
NEW YORK, Sept. 26.— William E.
Kddy, according to his own statement,
to-night broke all records in high kite
flying with colored lights attached.
Two kites, forming a tandem, with sev
enteen red, white and blue lights at
tached, we re sent up by Mr. Eddy to a
height of between 2500 and 3000 feet
from a Park Bow building. Mr. Eddy
say.s this is the first time that lights
have been sent up in such numbers on
a kite in New York. The seventeen
lights were intended as a salute to Ad
miral Dewey, but it is doubtful if they
could be seen from where Dewey was.
At half-past 6 o'clock Mr. Eddy sent
up the first kite, and later attached a
second kite, and after his cable had
been sent up a few hundred feet the
lights were attached to it at a distance
of from twenty to thirty feet apart.
They were arranged, first a red light,
then a white one and then a blue one.
until the seventeen had been attached.
Each light consisted of a small lan
tprn having a clear colored globe with
a lighted candle inside. The lanterns
were made of cloth and were each six
feet In diameter. Mr. Eddy said that
the lights were at a height where the"
gale was about forty-five miles an
hour, and in such a breeze they re
mained lighted for several hours.
SALUTE FIRED AT
THE STATE CAPITAL
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 26.— When
news was received at 5 o'clock this
morning of the arrival of Admiral
Dewey in New York harbor the fire
whistle was ordered by the Mayor to be
blown, and within a few minutes scores
of whistles and bells joined in the
chorus. At 10 o'clock the adjutant
general, acting under orders from the
Governor, had fired an admiral's salute
of seventeen guns. Thus Admiral
Dewey Was welcomed both on the part
of the city and the State.
SAX DIEGO, Sept. 26.— 0n the an-
nouncement of the arrival of Admiral
Dewey flags were hoisted on all the
I city schools. The children were
I marched out to salute the nag, and the
principals of each school made patriotic
addresses to their pupils. Flags were
raised on the City Hall, Courthouse
and other buildings throughout the
city.
TURNED TURTLE NOT
FAR FROM THE SHORE
Particulars of the Wreck of the
Steamer Adula, Lost Off the
Coast of Jamaica.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, Sept. Partic- I
ulars regarding the wreck of the Atlas
line steamer Adula, Captain McAuley, !
from Kingston for Baltimore, which foun- j
dered at 3:20 p. m. yesterday off the coast
of Jamaica, have just been obtained. She
left Kingston yesterday for Baltimore via
Port Antonio, where she was to have |
loaded bananas. She took from here a !
deckload of 2000 barrels of oranges. When
off Manchioneal, between this port and j
Port Antonio, she encountered a. heavy
sea from the Windward Passage, and the
steamer turned over, filled and sank In
fifty fathoms of water.. about two .miles i
from the shore. The crew had no oppor- i
I tunity to make. use. at flki boa.t§; and tried '
' to roach shore by swimming- with portions
lof the !,*r"eck. Chief Officer Pere? and
! four seamen were drowned. The others
I succeeded in gaining the shore. Carpen- \
ter Connor died shortly afterward. The j
current aided the survivors. The weather
and sea were nominally calm. -• ''■!
: — *
DROWNS HERSELF AND
HER TWO CHILDREN
Oregon Woman's Terrible Deed in a
Fit of Anger After a Family
Quarrel.
THE DALLES. Sept. 26.— News was
re< eived by the county officials here to
day of a Bhocklng tragedy which oc
curred near the free bridge yesterday
afternoon, when Mrs. \V. T. Gyton
drowned herself and her two children —
a boy of 4 years and a girl of !' L . years
—in the Dcs Chutes River. No par
ticulars are yet Known as to what
caused the terrible dV-:-d excepting a
report that a family jar In the morn
ing led the unfortunate woman to end
her own ami her children's lives. Their
bodies were recovered this morning.
Mr. Gyton formerly owned B farm
near The Dalles, and was married here
five years ago, since which time he has
1>« en a rancher in Pherman County.
The wife was a native of Grass Valley.
SQUATTERS DEFY THE
MARSHAL'S POSSE
Trouble Encountered in Seeking to
Evict Settlers on the Maxwell
Land Grant.
DENVER, Sept. 28.— A special to the
News from Trinidad, Colo., says: A com
mittee of the squatters on the .Maxwell
land grant in Colorado to-day met the
posse of deputy I'nited States Marshals
sent from Denver to evict them from the
lands they have occupied at the mouth
of Stonewall Valley. The officers were
informed that two or three of their num
ber could proceed and aerve the writs of
ejectment, but that the posse must go no
I further. The settlers are organized and
I well armed and apparently mean business.
The deputies have camped where they
were stopped, and are awaiting instruc
tions from the Marshal's office in Den
j ver.
OFFICERS DESERT TO
THE REBELS' CAUSE
' President Alvarez of Barcelona Also
Joins the Uprising Against
Venezuela.
PORT OF SPAIN. Trinidad, Sept. 26.—
j Generals Marcone and Ron. who have
been in command of the Government
forces in the suite of Barcelona. Vene
zuela, have joined the revolutionists with
all their arms. The revolutionists, under
General Matta, attacked the coast guard
at Rio Carite A gunboat was captured
with the loss of four men killed and two
wounded. . „
CARACAS, Venezuela, Sept. 2fi.—Presi
dent Alvarez of the slate of Barcelona
lias Joined the uprising against the Gov
' eminent. General Castro, the insurgent
leader, is on the march toward Puerto
Cabello.
Idaho's State Fair.
BOISE, Idahoe, Sept. 2U.— The second
day of the State Fair -witnessed the
gathering of a large crowd at the
g:-i<r.nds. The exhibits are good and at
tractive. JT»ere is an especially pood
mineral display, while the horticultural
Interests arc- very well represented. A i
feature of to-day's programme was a!
rock-drilling contest. N. Bennett won the
single-handed match, S*4 inches, and he
and J. H. Marcum won with 11% inches
i in the double.
A feature of the races was a ten-mile
cowboy relay race, each man having live
horses. It was won by E. W. Brown,
Frank Pinkham being 300 yards behind.
, m ,
To Cure La Grippe in Two Days
Take Laxative Brorao Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money If It fails to cure.
E. W. Grove's signature is on each box. 25c j
"Do I think the Filipinos are fit for self-government? Well, no, not^
just now. They probably will be in a little time. They are a very queer 4
people— a very queer mixture. Many of them are quite civilized and good^
people, but I do not think they are fit for self-government just yet. But^
when I say that I must add at the same time that it is my candid opinion^
that they are more fitted for it than the Cubans; that they area better^
peuple than the Cubans in every way. I do wish, however, that the whole,*,
business was settled, and I think that after a little the Filipinos will take r
kindly to us." a
It was suggested to the admjral that the Democratic slate had been-'
settled with Admiral Dewey for the Presidency and General Wheeler for the*
Vice Presidency. f
"Well/* said the admiral, "we should make a pretty mess of it. General
Wheeler, of course, has had some training in the political school, but then '
he is a West Pointer. I had forgotten that. He would want to run every- ♦
thing as he would a regiment, and, of course, would make a splendid mess<s>
of it. You cannot run a government as you would a regiment." i
"Well, admiral," suggested the reporter, "it would not be such a change I
from the ship olympia to the ship of state."
- "Yes." said the admiral, "it would be a very great change. lam not T
a politician; I am a sailor. My training has been all that way. I am at^>
home on board my ship. I know my business, or at least should know it,*
and Ido not want to mix up in affairs of government. lam perfectly^
satisfied to live and die a simple sailor, who tries to do his duty. I am not i
a politician. I cannot make a speech even. I wish I could, but I have tot
be content with my lot." • 4"
Some one said just then to the admiral that his son was reported to have ♦
made a statement to the effect that his father was a dyed-in-the-wool <£,
Republican.
The admiral laughed outright, and. turning around, pointed to a piece T
of wood lying on the deck some yards away, at the same time saying: "My*
son knows as much about what my politics are as that piece of wood." ♦
The admiral would not say a word about the alleged interference of the^
German admiral, Diederich, at Manila. |
ANVIL CITY
NOW TO BE
CALLED NOME
Interest Taken in the First
Election of City
Officials.
MINERS VICTORIOUS
Fears That There Will Not Be
Enough Vessels to Aooommodate
People Who Wish to Leave.
BY EUGENE SCOTT.
NOME, Alaska, Sept. 13, via Seattle,
Wash,, Sept. 26.— At a meeting of the
citizens held on September 6 the name
of Anvil City was changed to Nome.
This was done to make the name of the
city correspond with the name of the
Postoffice, which had been Nome from
the time of its establishment.
The greatest event by far that has
taken place at Nome was the election
of city officers yesterday. There were
about 1400 votes cast in the three wards
and excitement ran high all day and
night. Saloons were wide open and in
the Second Ward the polling place was
in a saloon, which made it very handy
for the dry voters, and as a conse
quence fights were quite frequent, but
no one was seriously hurt, which speaks
vtry well for the soldiers and town
officers. The following meu were
elected:
Mayor, T. D. Cashel; Treasurer, J. P.
Kudd; Municipal Judge, A. Kawson;
Chief of Police, W. Eddy; Councilmen,
First Ward, Charles A. Pennington and
A. Lowe; Councilmen, Second Ward,
George A. Wright and T. Robertson;
Couifcilmen, Third Ward, C. P. Dam
and J. B. Miller. The result for Coun
cilmen in the Third Ward is in doubt.
The newly elected officers will receive
their salaries by levying assessments
on the business houses and property
owners. It was freely talked that one
of the tickets up for election was com
posed of the "Soapy Smith" gang of
Skaguay notoriety and they were being
fought very hard by the beachcombers.
The miners' ticket carried throughout.
The Bteamer Alliance leaves to-day
at noon for Seattle with 160 passengers,
among others on board is Mr. Lind
blo in of Undbloom, Lunderberg & Co.,
the owners of the richest mines here.
Lindbloom is going out to lay in sup-
I'li* s for the coining season. They have
taken out a half million dollars already,
according to one of the partner's ac
count. They expect to do much better
next year with the improvements they
will bring in.
There are fully 2000 people now look
ing for passage out and some uneasi
n< ps is felt for fear there will not be
i nough vessels to take them all out.
Coal is also scarce and unless some
is brought in soon ther* will be a gen
eral stampede to get out Lumber is
now worth Sir.o IK >r thousand, and ow
in:r to its price many cannot afford to
build suitable winter quarters. There
will be about 2000 people to winter here.
FOUR HUNDRED MINERS
ARRESTED AT NOME
TACOMA, Sept. 26.-Passengers from
Cape Xome, who arrived to-day on the
steamer Alliance, tell an Interesting Btory
of the arrest of nearly 400 miners along
the beach at Cape Nome last month.
Claim jumping and filing on claims by
power of attorney has caused an almost
endless amount of trouble. These" causes
led the Cape Nome Mining and Develop
ment Company to lay claim to a strip of
beach ground, from which 380 miners were
washing gold. The company made com
plaint, with the result that all of these
miner? were taken Into custody and
marched to Anvil City.
Their claims to the ground in dispute
wore to be heard together. Before action
could be taken, however, the captain of
the revenue cutter Rear heard of the dif
ficulty and came ashore. He sided with
the miners, declaring that the beach from
sixty feet above the tide line to three
miles out at sea belonged to the Govern
ment, and that he had control of it as
the Government's naval representative in
those waters. He held that one man hnd
as much right a? another to wash gold
out of thp bfacli and that no company
could appropriate it. On his orders the
beach miners were accordinuly discharged
44 A Good Name
At Home
Is A Tomer of Strength Abroad." h
Lowell, cMass., 'where Hood's Sarsapa-
rilla is made, it still has a larger sale than
all other blood purifiers. Its fame and
cures and sales hcuve spread abroad, and it
is universally recognized as the best blood
medicine money can buy.
hOWI o<H * s Sarsaparilla 7C^
Drug Co. 1128 Market Street, S. F.
and were soon marching: back to their
claims. The men arrested were those hav
ing claims nearest to Anvil City.
■
SACRAMENTO PRIMARIES.
Regular Bepublican Ticket Wins in
Every Ward.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 26.— At the pflm
ary election here to-day th© regular Re- i
publican caucus ticket was elected in i
every ward, insuring the nomination of ■
Georg-e H. Clark for Mayor. The present I
Mayor, William Land, made a contest in
every ward, but was defeated in all of
them. There was but one Democratic
ticket out and the delegates chosen will
nominate R. D. Stephens for Mayor. The :
new law worked well and everything
passed off quietly.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WHEN
You want something good and at the
right price, with the best of service,
kindly try the people's great store at
the foot of Market street, near the
ferry. Any car line in town will bring
you to the store for a single fare. "We
name a few prices by the way of com-
parison.
SHOES IN THE WINDOW.
Ladies' Fine Kid Sunday Shoes.... .....:$l.OO
Misses' Fine Kid Sunday styles 95c
Child's Fine Kid Sunday wear 80c
Little- folks, sizes 5 to 8 65c'
Most of these are either lace or button and
all are late styles and for long wear. A com-
plete line of Boots and Shoes for everybody.
UNDERWEAR.
For ladles, children or men' our stock Is now
complete.
Good article Children's Underwear 25c
Ladies' extra summer wear ..12V4c
Ladies' Ribbed Goods, long sleeves 25c
Ladies' Combination Suits, silver gray Me
Men's High-Grade Double-Breast Wool .. .11.23
Extra sizes for ladies' wear at He, 65c, and j
Combination Suits in wool goods at 12 up to 50
chest measurement. ■ *
LADIES* DRESSES. I
A Good Morning Gown, own make 75c
Better Rrades of dark wrappers.... Sic and $1.00
Wool Shirt Waists to order $1.50
Girls' Capes, all sizes, dark $1.00 up
We make a specialty of wearing apparel and
will save you money on every it am.
3000 BOOKS.
These embrace a variety of choice titles in
bound books for family or library use: list
price 50c. We close th->m this week at 18c each
or 6 for $1.00. Call and make selection.
NIGHT WEAR.
From Tennis Gowns for the little tots at 2"o
all along the line of sizes and prices to 60c for
ladles' and $1.25 for the finest material and
best made and trimmed goods in the tennis I
; styles. ,You know the best place In town for- 1
groceries and family supplies is at
CASH STORE
25 27 Market St.
Iff Sf^^RPji.tlVEßi^
iB| s«|fpThe best of all. ||
jJLjfl^ for Biliousness, JB
ST Dyspepsia and all j0&
mr Stomach Disorders^^r
CALIFORNIA
STANDARD OIL
COMPANY.
Location of Property and Oil Wells '
■ McKITTRICK, KERN CO., CAL.
OFFICERS: y'
J. M. MERRELL. :■..... President"
WILLIAM J. D1NGEE.. ...... Vice President
DIRECTORS: .
C. H. KING I- JAMES T. HAMILTON,
M. J. LAYMANCE.
"WALTER C. BE ATI ; Treasurer
"'';;-■ -offices.
■ Rooms 15-16, second floor, 460. Eighth st.,
Mills bldg., San FrnnclßCO, . Oakland, Cal.
Oppression; Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
: Paris, :i. ESPIO ; New York, £. FODQERA & CO.
j■L ■ ■ BOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS.
R P IT Q W l7 Q tOR BARBERS, BAR-
DIXU OIIJUO ers, bootblacks, bath-
-. . . ; houses, billiard tables
■ brewers, - bookbinders, candy-makers, canners'
I dye». flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
; iiangers. printers, painters, shoe factories.
| stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHANAN BROS.. -Z:'-'.'-.
! Brush Manufacturers.: 609 faacramento St.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON Sio.— RE-
modeled and renovated. • KING, WARD St
j CO. European' plan. ' Rooms, 60c to $1 80 day
: $5 to $8 week; $8 to $10 month. i Free baths; hot
and cold water every, room; flre grates in «very
| room; elevator runs all night. f \ v : > -. X
H~ ADVERTISEMENTS. ,
I J. O'BRIEN
I & CO., I
I 1146 MARKET ST.,
I Will Offer This
I Day:
H 20 dozen FIGURED AL- <?k
■ PACA SKIRTS at «: O3t
H ■""'■ . 5
I 10 dozen COLORED MO- 7c.
■ REEN SKIRTS at......... *3C
sawsis^Bssfc "*" "" • :
■ I BLACK EMBROIDERED
■ CLOTH CAPES, trimmed with
■ fur, value tor $6.50, c^c aa
■ will be placed on sale at M> »"v
1 . BLACK BRAIDED CAPES, 24
■ inches long, special for $ 10.00,
I will be placed on sale *>j Cf|
II LADIES' PLAID GOLF CAPES,
I value for 57.00, will *>s f\f\
I be placed on sale at... *4>^«vU
II LADIES' PLAIDGOLF CAPES,
I value for 57.50, wiUcc'Ert
I be placed on sale at... *J>v*»>Jl/
I JUST RECEIVED!
I Large assortment FEATHER
I BOAS. I
I Large assortment CHIFFON
I NECKWEAR. ;
m SILK WAISTS. \
I I SILK SKIRTS. I
I I FANCY DRESS PLAIDS.
|j O'BRIEN
I ' • ■■■■■-■■,
B & CO.,
I 1146 MARKET ST.
I UNITED STATES BRANCH.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
ALLIANCE
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF LONDON, ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1898. and for the
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections €10
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL..
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $163,170 87
Loans on Bonds and Mortgagee 10,000 CO
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 657, CO 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge of
Bonds. Stock* and other marketable
securities as collateral
Cash In Company's Office
Cash in Banks ' 45,05175
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 1,750 00
Interest due and accrued on Bonds and
Mortgages  : '
Premiums in due Course of Collection. 32.653 88
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 214 7f|
Rents due and accrued ■ 475 00
Due from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid "
Total Assets . $350,796 IS
LIABILITIES. "
Lowes adjusted and unpaid :.;'.. ..f 670 00
Losses in process of adjustment or In
Suspense ...". 3,075 00
Losses resisted, including expenses
Grass premiums on Fire Risks running
one year or less, $146,277 09; reinsur-
ance 60 per cent ;, -. 73 138 55
Gross permiumß on Fire Risks running
more than one year, 182,999 09; : rein-
surance pro rata  53 846 02
Groi«s premium on Marine and Inland
Navigation Risks, $ ! — ; rein-
surance 100 per cent*....: : . .*..-. . :
Gross premiums on Marine i Time
Ricks. f — r— ; reinsurance 60 per
cent .....•.:.■.... .Vl. '
All other demands against the Com-
pany ................... 7,819 24
Total Liabilities ......$137,648 si
•".';*' 'i V ! INCOME. " ~~^
Net Cash actually received for Fire vC
premiums .' 1300,767 29
Net Cash actually received for Marine
premiums ". >'
Received for Interest on Bonds I and - !
Mortgages .........: .......
Received for Interest and dividends on -
Bonds. Stocks, v Loans and from, all
other sources - '....»... 20,429 45
Received. for Rents 10,102 45
■ Total Income $231,299 19
... .' EXPENDITURES. '. - : • •
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $8102 40, losses of previous
years) ...' :. 91 687 11
Net amount paid lor Marine Losses
* (Including $ , losses of pre-
vious years) ■
Dividends to Stockholders ,
Paid or allowed ■ for Commission or ■
Brokerage 45 655 SI
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers; clerks, etc.... . 14 ISI 53
Paid for State, National and local '
taxes ••••.*.....::..;..■ 2 S£o 07
All other payments and expenditures.. 4i,'554 15
Total Expenditures .......,,,,..,....$196,018 67
Losses ■ Incurred during the year...... $87 152*71
Risks and Premiums, Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount ■of Risks '
written during the ; ; " '
Ne't ear anioum"of-RVsks $22,493,814 $269,579 27
Net amount of Risks
expired during the ■
year. •• ■ • 22,375.632 240.648 46
Net amount in force ■
December 31. 1595..... 17.807.708 229,276 18
SAML. R. WEED of Weed & Kennedy,
Subscribed "and sworn to before me this 24th
day of January, 1899. GEO. H. COREY.
Commissioner for California.
C. F. MULLINS, Manager,
PACIF.C COAST BRANCH,
416-418 California Street
SAN FRANCISCO. CAU i-'WAR MAY BEGIN BEFORE
OCTOBER IS MANY DAYS OLD
A street view In Lady Smith. Xatal, where British and colonial troops are gathering in large force.
LONDON, Sept, The Herald's correspondent learned to
day from a private but well-informed source that her Majesty's
officials have been doing their utmost to bring the Boers to
reason without force, but they have very little hope of doing so
while maintaining their position. It is feared there will be war
before October is many days old.
L( »NDON, Sept 27.— There Is a rumoi
which cannot t>e confirmed that burgh
ers ■:' the Orange Free State fired on
the police patrol at Klmberly to-day.
Tin- Cape Town c rrespondent of the
Daily News says: "The Boers have be
gun looting on the western border of
the Transvaal A hous< a 1 Lichten
burg, belonging to a British subject,
was '. • his absence, everything
p >rti 'ff."
The Transvaal situation presents few
It is increasingly prob
able thai Parliament will meet about
the middle of October and it is again
i al Sir Redvers Bul
ler, who la to have supreme command
of the British forces in South Africa
In the event i f hostilities, will start for
the Cape on October 7. Nothing, how
ever, has been officially made known on
either |
Tlv- Transvaal Government was in
constant telegraphic communication
with Bloemfonteln yesterday on the re
ply to Mr. Chamberlain's dispatch. It
'.:eved that the reply will protest
against the continued dispatch of Brit
ish troops as a menace to the Trans
vaal.
A dispatch to the Daily Mail from
]'.- ■ rmaritzburg says that the colored
muleteers! a t Lady Smith mutinied and
declined to go to the front with the
artillery.
The Pretoria Volkstein. the official or
gan of the Transvaal Government, de
clares that th»' Transvaal executive
ought to give Great Britain at the most
eight hours to reply to the Trans
vaal's demand that no further troops
be laivte* pending the receipt of the
British proposals.
DELAY ADVANTAGEOUS
FOR GREAT BRITAIN
1/ >NDON, Sept. 2<">.— The general feel-
Ing, Including. that of the pro-Boers, as
indicated by articles in the afternoon
ra to-day, is that the published dis
patch of the Secretary of State for the
Colonies,. Mr. Chamberlain, to the Brit
ish Hieh Commissioner in South Africa,
Sir Alfred Milner, clears the way for
. if the Boers desire it. In any
ev< at, it is pointed out, it affords
fun her delay, which, in the case of
Great Rrituir, is certainly advantage
ous, as it s;iv.>s time for th- 3 reinforce
ment of the garrisons at the Cape. The
papers generally, however, express the
hope thai President Kruger will now
bis way to meet Great Britain's
views, and the Westminster <:azette,
.whuh is not an anti-Boer paper, says:
"President Kruger and his advisors
Btill have a chance of securing peace
with independence."
In the meanwhile the dispatch of
troops to South Africa proceeds unin
terrupt< dly. Three lic-ld batteries ar
rival at Birkenhead to-day and will
embark for Durban, Natal.
A cablegram i'r in Cape Town says:
Quantities of stores and ammunition
arc leaving here daily. The movement
of th* 1 troops to N.itnl is merely a pre
cautionary measure to secure the coal
mines, and is in no vise in the nature
of menace. There are no Imperial troops
un the in. border. Rumors of
collisions should b<- received with cau
tion.
A dispatch from Pretoria says that a
|| j c ...
to pars 'into r WF4sJBs^\^M
a state of >^*^> r^| Ji 'AI
valid ism. Sifl^'v 2» Ji£&^£
cause HUD-
TAN averts the danger. HUDYAN builds
up the nerves. HUDYAN brings back the
plow of health.
Symptoms that serve to warn women of
comir.g danger are nervous headaches
(fig. 6). hollow eyes and dark circles under
eyes (fig. 5), coated tongue (fig. 4), weak-
ness and fluttering of heart (fig. 3*. poor
tppti and deranged stomach (fig. 2),
weakness of limbs (tig. ')■ Dizziness, ten-
uVncy to faint, painful or irregular pe-
fio.in. backache these are warning
symptoms. MT.*DyAN cures. Don't wait
for complete nervous prostration to over-
take you. HUDYAN will avert the dan-
' Druggists sell HUPYAN— a. pack-
age, six Packages $250. If your druggist
.1 . . ■■:- not keep it. send direct. Address
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
Cor. Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
BAN FRAXCISCO. CAU
Consult Hudyan Doctors. Men and
Women Advised Free. Call or Write.
On the Transvaal Border.
Mauser rifle, in the hands of a burgher,
who was practicing with it, burst re
cently and nearly killed him, with the
result that a great number of burghers
are gravely concerned at the apparent
ln» urity of the new weapon. They
assert that the cartridges are worthless
and are appealing to the Government to
revert to the Martini or to investigate
and remedy the evil.
GERMANY THINKS
ENGLAND SEEKS DELAY
BERLIN', Sept. 26.— The publication
of Mr. Chamberlain's telegrams to Sir
Alfred Mllner, British High Commis
sioner in S. uth Africa, calls forth but
few comments from the German press.
The optimistic views expressed yester
day have givqn way to a general feeling
in many quarters that war is Inevitable
and that the course of British policy is
merely a ruse to gain time to complete
the military preparations.
The National Zeitung says: "The
statements made in the Transvaal
green book are a flat contradiction of
Mr. Chamberlain's version of the live
years' franchise offer and each Govern
ment taxes the other with perfidy re
garding- the rest."
The Neueste Naohrichten says: "The
turn given to the suzerainty question
is really nothing but a play upon words.
The Transvaal is. of course, not sov
ereign, as England's veto restricts it
as a treaty-making power. Nor has
this ever been denied by the Transvaal,
whose Government only wants a re
striction °f England's interference in
internal affairs."
Other journals consider that Mr.
ACTIVE VOLCANO
ON JAMES ISLAND
Leander's Crew Get a
Good View of It.
Social Dispatch to Thf Call.
VICTORIA, B. C Sept. 26.— When H.
M. S. Leander, which returned to Esqui
malt to-day, was cruising in the waters
of South America her officers were given
a fireworks exhibition by dame nature,
When the warship called at the Gala
pagos Islands, a group of five large and
ten small islands belonging to Ecquador,
n volcano wps found to be going in full
blast, throwing huge fountains. of sparks,
rocks and molten earth high into the air
and sending streams of lava rolling down
the island slopes to explode with a roar
like hundreds of batteries as they joined
the sea. The volcano, which is said to
have become active about three months
ago, is on James Island, which attains
an elevation of about 3000 feet above the
sea level. It is a mass of volcanoes <>f
varied sorts and sizes, most of which
have been extinct for some years.
The Leander went in as close as she
could with safety and those on board
up< nt a day and a night making obser
vations of the pyro technical display and
broad rivers, of lava. There vvas no dam
age, the officers say. There is nothing
there to be damaged, for the island is
uninhabited. Charles, Chatham Tind Al
bemarie, three other islands of the. group,
are used by the Government of Ecuador
as a prison for those who offend politi
cally.
One of the Leander's officers has a col
lection of plants and flowers from Cha
tham Island which he proposes to send
to the British Museum. He is a deep
Btudent of botany, and says the speci
mens of the islands" flora secured by him
can be found nowhere else on the face of
the earth.
When the Meander was going into Cal
lao the British bark Tenesseran was
found stranded off the Kimac River. For
three days the Leander worked at her
before, with the assistance of the steamer
Bakquin. towing ahead, she was saved.
When she left the mud she narrowly es
caped colliding with the warship.
SWALLOWED CARBOLIC
ACID BY MISTAKE
Mrs. R, M. Donne of San Rafael Has
a Narrow Escape From
Death.
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 2*s.— Mrs. R. M.
Donne, the wife of a popular local mer
chant, nearly lost her life to-day at> a re
sult of a mistake in swallowing a mix
ture of carbolic acid and glycerin. She
has been in 111 health and under the care
of a physician for several months past.
At t> o'clock this morning she arose from
bed and took the poison from a bottle on
! Iho mantel instead of the medicine in
t another bottle close to the mixture of
carbolic acid and glycerin, which had
been used in treating a dog with the
mange.
An hour later she was discovered in an
unconscious condition by Mrs. Ennis, the
nurse, who summoned Drs. Keck and
Wickmnn. After three hours' labor. Mrs.
Donne was pronounced out of dancer.
Her husband, who has been spending a
■vacation at Duncans and Vichy Springs,
arrived home just as his wife regained
consciousness.
Donne's troubles have not come singly,
for he returned on crutches as the result
of a bad sprain of the right ankle. As
he ascended the steps of his residence
the dog. whoso affliction was indirectly
responsible for Mrs. Donne's condition,
leaped joyfully upon its master and threw
him off his balance. He fell and severely
sprained the left wrist in addition to
wrenching the injured ankle.
Reserved From Settlement.
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 26.— The Land
Office has been officially advised that the
Santa Ynez forest reserve, comprising
2969.70 acres of land in Santa Barbara
County, has been withdrav/n from settle
ment.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1899.
Chamberlain's telegrams are destined
to afford material for further delays.
BOERS VERY ANXIOUS
TO COMMENCE FIGHTING
LONDON, Sept. 26.— The Times has a
dispatch from Johannesburg; which as
sorts that the delay is creating the
worst possible Impression in the minds
of the burghers, who tauntingly boast
that while Great Britain deprecates de
lay upon the part of the Boers, she in
tentionally and unnecessarily prolongs
the controversy because she is afraid
to follow up her own game of bluff with
the arguments of force.
Reports are heard on all sides of the
eagerness of the Boers to start hostili
ties, and their postponement is said to
be wholly due to the restraining in
fluence of General Joubert. It is added
that it is believed that this influence
cannot be exercised much longer. There
is a circumstantial rumor that General
Joubert has received imperative orders
from the armed burghers that unless
h<> Is prepared to take the Initiative
within a brief period he must relinquish
his command of the army. This is
looked upon as an instructive indica
tion of Boer feeling.
REVOLUTION A FIASCO
Rebels n> Peru Flee From Pursuing
Government Troops.
Special Cnh\e to Thf Call and New York Her
ald, fopyrlphtod, ISA by James Gordon
B nnett.
T.I MA. Peru. Sept. 2fi. — Government
troops are actively pursuing- the dispersed
rd»-ls. The revolution is evidently a com
plete fiasco oiid peace will soon be re
stored.
NORMAL SCHOOL
STRIKE AVERTED
Students Will Take No
Immediate Action.
M'NAUGHTON'S UNPOPULARITY
SAID TO HAVE APPOINTED A
NUMBER OF SPIES.
Through Threats of Expulsion Trus
tees Secure a Copy of the Min
utes of the Students'
Meeting.
i I Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN* JOSE, Sept. 26.— The threatened
] strike among State Normal School stu
i dents has been averted for a time, but
j the student body declare the matter will
come up again. The faculty and local
j trustees were busy late into last night
; and early this morning doing missionary
work among the students, and by threats
\ and bribes succeeded in allaying the
i trouble. The student body l.s not satis
fied with this smoothing over and declare
i that Professor Daily insulted them and
j he must yet apologize. They assert that
| they have always conducted themselves
jas ladles and gentlemen and the. vice
principal had no reason to rebuke them
as he did.
The students declare that Daily is act
ing as "Man Friday" to Principal Mc-
Naughton and is simply carrying out the
orders of his superior. Last night Prln
; eipa.l McNaughton and Chairman Brown
or the trustees called upon the president
of the student body and demanded the
', minutes of. yesterday's meeting, but were
refused them. Miss June Chappell, the
B&cfetary, was then visited, ana through'
threats of expulsion a copy of the pro- I
j oeodings was secured.
At the meeting this afternoon COO stu
, dents wore present. The committee on
resolutions presented the following, which
had been prepared by Daily: "That we,
the student body of the State Normal '
; School, agree to support the authorities
of this school in all methods of discipline
; which they deem best." This caused a
; groan, and about two-thirds of the stu
dents refrained from voting. It passed.
The committee states that through
threats and bribes they were compelled
to present this. There is ill feeling among
the students and trouble is expected at
any time.
Principal McNaughton has appointed a
i couple of dozen spies among the teachers
and students to watch the scholars, and
j this is causing trouble. Threats have also I
; been made that Otto Mouron, the leader
, of yesterday's meeting, will be expelled
i If this Is done fully 600 students will leave i
| the school.
It is reported that Principal Mc
j Naughton realizes that he cannot man
, age the school and has given Vice Prin
j cipal Daily full authority and that he
will remain principal in name only and
draw the salary.
CHEYENNE INDIANS
GREATLY EXCITED
One of the Tribe Murdered by a
Squawman and an Outbreak
May Be the Result.
OMAHA, Sept. 26.— A special to the Bee
from Cheyenne Sioux Agency says there
js great excitement over the murder of
Ivong Haley, a Cheyenne River Sioux, by
Kuddy, a squawman.
At the funeral of Haley, which was con
ducted at the Catholic cemetery, White
Swan, one of the principal chiefs, made
an Inflammatory appeal, bitterly denounc
ing the white man for the treatment of
the Indians. This Ftirred the Indians up
more than ever. Inspector Tinker of the
Indian Bureau and Farmers Lyon and
Comstoek aro on the ground, supported
by a force of Indian police, and are doing
everything possible to quiet the Indians
and maintain order.
TIMBER LANDS
LAID WASTE
BY FLAMES
Forest Fires Raging in San
Diego and El Dorado
Counties.
MIXES THREATENED
Gangs of Men Are WorkiDg N'ght
• and Day to Prevent ihe Spread
of the Destroyer.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO. Sept. 26.— Forest fires
have been raging in the Cuyamaca
Mountains, fifty miles west of here, for
over a week and have done immense
damage to the timber and watersheds.
The flames started about ten days ago
on the north peak of the Cuyamaca
range, known as Kelly's Mountain and
adjoining the Cuyamaca reservoir. How
the fire started no one seems to know.
It has spread in a northerly direction,
I burning over thousands of acres of
timber lands, destroying the sawmill
on the Kelly ranch, and has rendered
the road impassable between Stonewall
j and Julian. The house of James Tally
was only sav-d by heroic efforts as the
fire burned around it.
The fire has been checked toward the
north, but is now burning toward the
southern and main peak of the Cuya
maca range, which is heavily timbered.
It is reported here that the Golden
'• Key mine in the path of the fire was
destroyed so far as buildings and ma
chinery are concerned.
PLACERVILLE, Sept. 26.— A great
forest flre in the mountains twenty-five
miles northeast of this city threatens
1 to destroy the railroad and camps of
the American River Land and Lumber
Company, together with over ten mil
lion feet of logs lying in the woods.
Lack of water in the south fork of
the American River has prevented the
company making any drive to their
mills at Folsom for the past two years.
The fire is a mile and a half in width
and if not subdued within the next
twenty-four hours the great plant of
the lumber company will undoubtedly
be destroyed.
Another fire is raging in the vicinity
of Grizzly Flats near the Mount Pleas
ant mine. A large forcp of men is kept
busy fighting it away from the build
ings of the mine. It is thought that
the fire is incendiary, as James Lyons
discovered pome men sotting fresh fires
the night before last. They ran as soon
as they found they were discovered and
he followed them on horseback for two
miles, but they finally disappeared in
the brush. He could not identify them.
It is thought that they are trying to
destroy the Mount Pleasant property.
A force of six men is kept on guard I
constantly over the mine aijd if the I
guilty parties are caught it will go
hard with them.
HIGH PRICE FOR
RAISIN CROP
Growers Think It Will
Boom the Industry.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, Sept. 2(5.-The directors of the
California Raisin Growers' Association,
who wore in session all day, created a
surprise here this evening by announcing
that they had fixed the price of four
crown raisins at 6V2 cents a pound in the
sweat box. The price is the highest ever
obtained in this county, and if the asso
ciation succeeds in maintaining it the re
sult will be an unprecedented boom in the
rq.isin industry.
One of the reasons for the action taken
by the association is the shortage In the
crop this year. On account of the late
frosts and the lateness of the season the
yield, it Is thought, will be much smaller
than last year. The directors thought the
extraordinary raise in price necessary to
! compensate for the loss to the growers
: by reason of the shortage.
Another reason for making the price so
; high Is the fact that all of last year's
• crop has been disposed of at the prices
j fixed by the association. Not only were
j the rates maintained In every instance,
but the market was cleared in time for
this year's crop. This encouraged the as
sociation to make the price higher this
year.
At to-day's meeting the directors also
fixed the price to he demanded for two
; crown and three-crown goods. They will
j ask s^> cents a pound for the former and
6 cents for the latter. These classes,
however, compose a very small portion of
the crop, most of the raisins being four
crown.
For layers the following prices were
fixed: Two-crown London, $1 50 a box;
: throe-crown London, $2; four-crown fancy
clusters, $2 50; five-crown Dehesa clusters,
j $2 GO; six-crown imperial clusters. $3; seed-
I less Muscatels, 6 cents a pound. The
, above prices are f. o. b. to common ship
i ping points, and on condition that raisins
are paid for before shipment.
M. Theo Kearney, president of the as
sociation, thinks the outlook very prom
ising for the growers, and feels sanguine
that the prices will be maintained, not
withstanding they are higher than those
that prevailed in boom days and three
times as high as those obtained last year.
FEAR IMPENDING"
TROUBLE IN SAMOA
Quiet Prevails But the Actions of
Lieutenant Yon Bulow May-
Cause a Rupture.
AUCKLAND. N. Z., Sept. 26.-Advlees
from Samoa under date of September 20
j received here to-day say quiet prevails
j there, but the feeling among the whites
is that there is trouble ahead. It is added
that Yon Bulow. the former lieutenant
in the German army, who organized the
forces of Matanfn. has been going about
the country interviewing the Mataafa
chiefs. This is objected to by the British
and Americans as likely to accentuate the
hostile feeling. The correspondent of the
Cologne Gazette at Samoa has received
cable instructions to remain at Apia.
CHINESE MOVE NORTH.
Belief That They Will Try to Get
Across the Border!
AUSTIN. Sept. 26.— Advices from Tor
i-eon. Mexico, say that several droves of
Chinese., each numbering from fifty to one
hundred men, have passed through there
on the Mexican International and the
Mexican Central railroads during the past
few days on their way toward the United
States border, and that it is the belief
there that an organized effort is to be
made to smuggle themselves into Texas.
Many of these Chinese were recently
brought to Mexico from China to work oil
the construction of railroads. The United
States customs inspectors on the Rio
Grande border are Keeping a sharp look
out for all violators of the Chinese exclu
sion act.
SHARK DRAGS DOWN
A GERMAN SAILOR
Orje of the Geier's Seamerj Meets
Death When Help Was
Near.
VICTORIA, B. C, Sept. 26.— The sailors of her Majesty's ship Lean- <
der, which arrived this morning from Central America, were witnesses i
of, without being able to avert, the horrible death of a seaman of the \
German warship Geier at Corinto last August. The German with some S
comrades, had left the ship to bathe in the swift running and shark- <
infested waters of Corinto Bay. They were splashing merrily to the <
amusement of a crowd of British sailors who were watching their an- .
tics from the Leander. I
Suddenly there was an outcry and the bathers swam hurriedly \
toward the British war vessel. A dark shadow just below the surface of «
the water and a fin's swish showed the cause of alarm— a shark. <
The Leander's cutter, which according to the British custom is al- *
ways hanging over the quarter, was speedily released from the davits, \
a crew tumbled in and rapidly rowed toward the bathers. One was *
treading water as though fear had rendered his arms useless and when \
the cutter was within twenty feet of him he gave a loud yell and van- \
ished — dragged down by the shark, which wr.s quicker than the would- <
be rescuers. •
SPANIARD TRIED
TO KILL HIS WIFE
Pursued Her With Re
volver and Knife.
Ppaolnl Dispatch to The Call.
HANFORD, Sept. , 26.— Francisco Santa
Maria, a prominent Spaniard at Ivemoore,
attempted to kill his wife last night.
He accused the woman of infidelity a
few days ago and drove her from the
house. Last night she returned to pack
up her clothing, and he again attacked
her. The woman fled from the house, and
her infuriated husband followed her. He
fired at her twice, but neither shot took
effect. The woman stumbled and fell,
and Francisco was about to fire again
when Constable Furnish arrived.
He at once attacked the Spaniard and
attempted to disarm him. Francisco
drew a knife and slashed wildly at his
captor but failed to injure him.
Francisco was taken to the jail and
locked up on a charge of assault with a
deadly weapoA and attempted murder.
He was released on bail to-day.
Tht- preliminary examination will be
held Thursday, and some interesting de
velopments are expected. Mrs. Santa
Maria is a handsome woman and a leader
in Spanish society in Lemoore.
FIRE AT AMADOR.
Ten Buildings in the Heart of the
Town Destroyed.
JACKSON, Sept. 26.— Fire started in
Amador City about 1 o'clock this morn
ing, destroying ten frame buildings in the
business part of the town, including
O'Neil's Hall and the stable underneath,
Culbert's lumber yard, A. Weil's ware
house and dwelling house and several
other dwelling- The fire started in the
stable under O'Xeil's Hall. One horse was
burned to death. The loss is estimated
at about $15,000; partially covered by in
surance.
Santa Fe Appointments.
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 26.-The Santa Fe
officials here have issued a circular ap
pointinp George W. Smith as superin
tendent of machinery and J. H. Kuhns as
Kenernl storekeeper of the San Francisco
and San Joaquin Valley Railway, with of
lires at Albuquerque, and continuing: D.
I Rutherford as master mechanic, with of
! fice at Stockton.
t.4 "Aim to renew the new customer's trade — give him Sj
H That's just the principle we follow. It
":. We give the new customer values every time in our ||
M "Yeargood" clothing, for we want his continual trade. fa
H We also give the regular customer values, for we always ra
Kg wish to keep his trade. M
$5 New customers or one of old acquaintance, you will get ||
B your moneys worth here and a year's protection besides. P
£ Our "Yeargood" clothing is guaranteed against every M
i imperfection — for one year we make all necessary repairs &3
£? At the start we return your money if you say. you want g
H it. We do this to protect you — to make you feel confident M
B of everything you buy of us. a
H "Yeargood" clothing costs from $12.50 to $25. You a
$1 can get it in all the styles and patterns. |
I Boys' Sailor Suits. |
!•; All new — just arrived. Material is all-wool heavy serge i
mof dark blue, neatly trimmed with soutache braid on col- |
H lar, design on shield; trimmings in red, blue or black; price, 1
I $4 a suit. c
I /gjue>+ — — 7iS3\ I
1 (f||) S.N.WOOD &CO 0$) I
|d \+fitfy TIB MARKET 5T " N^iO^ |
£' Out-of-town orders filled— write us. I
OPENING OF THE
M'KENZIE TRIAL
Charged With the Mur
der of Alfred Cook.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RT'TST'N, Sept. 26.-The trial of ex-
I Sheriff McKenzie of Napa for the murder
of Alfred Cook commenced before the
Superior Court here to-day. The prosecu
tion was conducted by District Attorney
Bell of Napa ». ounty, assisted by John A.
Hosme-r of San Francisco and F. H. Dev
', lin of Solano County. The defendant is
: represented by Attorney C. A. Lamont of
Suisun, Grove L. Johnson of Sacramento
and C. J. Beerstecher of Napa.
The following jury was accepted: John
M. Graswelb, D. Stewart. M. R. Dozler,
F. C. Johnson, Perry Glenn, Chris Brady
Peter Cook, John Slerva, M. Powers, J.
Holmes, G. W. Edgecumb, Martin John
son.
District Attorney Bell presented the
case of the prosecution to the jury, and
in the course of his address stated that
he expected to prove the following: That
the killing of Alfred Cook was the cul
mination of a plot and conspiracy of Jess?
Waiters and George S. McKenzie to put
Cook out of the way, which plot began
early in ISPfi. when Cook and Walters
had some trouble over the former's inti
macy with Walters' wife; that Walters
and McKenzie had followed Cook from the
time he had left Napa and had gone to
work at Palo Alto: that McKenzie had
kept track of Cook, and at the insti
gation of Mrs. Walters McKenzie had
changed his name to that of Dorman, a
position in a livery stable in Napa.
On motion of the prosecution the court
ordered that the jurors be taken to Napa
to view the premises.
TRUE ASIATIC PLAGUE.
Sanitary Experts Declare the Scourge
Exists in Asuncion.
Special Cable to The Call and Xpw York Her
ald. Copyrighted, 1899. by James Gordon
Bennett.
BUENOS AYRES, Sept. 26.— The Argen
tine sanitary delegates now in Asuncion.
| Drs. Yoges and Delflno. send word that
> on Friday and Saturday there were two
1 deaths from the plague in Paraguay. The
j local physicians are still in doubt as to
j the character of the disease, but Dr.
i Vog-es insists that it is the true Asiatic
I plague.
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
I Was Fat,
Now ! Am Lean.
Dp. Edison's Obesity Pills and
Obesity Salts— 2o Years' Test.
Best and Safest; Never Injures
the Health. ..'.
Gives Strength and Health. While
Reducing Fiesh.
We Offer $100.00 in Gold to Any
One Who Can Prove That These
Testimonials Are Not Genuine.
Mr. James Rhind, 421 W. 38th St., N. T.
City, lost 21 pounds on. a month's treat-
ment.
Mr. C. B. Brady. 906 E. 6th St.. Austin.
Tex., reduced 72 pounds in 3 months on
Reducing Tablets and Obesity Band. Ab-
domen reduced 6 inches.
Mrs. Emma LeFevre. 108 W. 89th St..
'■ N. Y. City, reduced 20 pounds and 2Vi
inches in waist measure on first month's
treatment.
Sam'l Robinson. Policeman of the Cen-
j tral Detail, stationed Washington and
I State Sts.. Chicago. Reduced 25 pounds
in twenty-six days.
Mrs. G. E. Gregory, Dresden. Kas., re-
duced from 182 to 165 pound* on two bot-
tles of Reducing Tablets and is convinced
that the cure is permanent.
M. Theadon. 481 Grand Aye., Chicago,
took two months' treatment and was re-
duced 40 pounds and cured of rheumatism
and kidney troubles.
Mrs. J. H. White. Park City. Utah. My
testimonial is that I have taken your
combined treatment and have lost 26
pounds in one month. Never felt better
in my life and think it is a great remedy.
F. O. Woodman. 441 38th St., Chicago
(prominent Odd Fellow), Supt. Freedman
Mfg. Co., Stock Yards, Chicago, reduced
61 pounds in weight and 13 inches at waist
line in five weeks by Dr. Edison's treat-
ment.
Mrs. Ellen D. Campbell. 516 E. South
St., Warren, 0.. was reduced from 175 to
| 125 pounds by using one month's treat-
I ment of Pills and Reducing Tablets. Can
walk long distances and feels better In
many other ways.
■■■-__ , '■'"•■ -.'*-*-: if .
Price of Dr. Edison's Obesity Salt, $1.00
a package; Pills. $1.50, or 3 for $4.00. Free
advice about obesity from our New York
Medical Department. Write and describe
your case. We forward goods promptly.
No printing on our envelopes. Our goods
are kept in stock by the leading drug-
gists.
SEND FOR BOOK ON OBESITY.
LORING & CO., Ltd., Dept. 136,
No. 42 W. 22d St.. near 6th Aye.. N. Y.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
COMMERCIAL UNION
ASSURANCE COMPANY, Limited,
OF LONDON. ENGLAND. ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1898, and for tha
1 year ending on that day, as made to the In-
i surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections 610
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up la *...,»'
Cash
ASSETS.
Heal Estate owned by Company $888,145 89
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 265,500 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 1.737,615 00
Amount of T^oans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral - .
Cash in Company's Office 16,026 65
Cash In Banks 459,123 09
Interest due and accrued, on all
Stocks and Loans 26,654 12
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages '. 759 OS
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion • 299,087 S3
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks I.MB 50
Rents due and accrued : 7,414 56
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid.. 3,278 58
Total Assets >....... .-....53.808.135 83
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid — ... $59,071 75
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense - 158,835 09
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 21,875 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,680,194 S3;
re-insurance 50 per cent 840.097 43-
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $1,845.- „,.___ >
110 75: re-insurance pro rata 174,107 7T
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks. $16,064 55;
re-insurance 100 per cent 15,064 58
Gross premiums on Marino Tim»
Risks, $105 00; re-insurance 50 per
ce nt • MM
Amount reclalmable by the Insured
on perpetual flre insurance policies 91,343 28.
All other demands against the Com-
pany 87.478, 99
Total Liabilities ...«~..»~.52.220.034 23 '
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Flre _
premiums .....$2,285,875 Of
Net Cash actually received for Ma- . M-^ r-
rine premiums • 100,270 59
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages • • • • ■ • •■•••••• 6.048 83
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and from
all other sources 78.032 7|
Received for Rents —..... 22.568 67
Total Income ..$2.442.793 89
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding losses of previous year5)... 51,248,172 85 .
Net amount paid for Marine Losses •
(including losses of previous years. 38,091 00
Dividends to Stockholders.....
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage •• ;•••;:■• 439 958 21
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 150,595 01
Paid for State, National and local
taxes . • 71.304 08
All other payments and expenditures 146. 74
Total Expenditures .$2.089.431 37
Fire. Marine.
*£? incurred during the- 78 $48,151 CO
year ..." $1,274,171 78 $48. 191 00
Risks and Premiums . Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year ?. $301,740,830 $2,809,230 88
Net amount of Risks
expired during the 284.181.702 2.893.079 90
ye£r 7 284,181.702 2,893.079 90
Net amount in force
December 31. IS9B 370.706.075 3.525.305 S8
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
ye r ar ten .... . . n f..... $40,675,776 $220.96151
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year •• 43.892.452 261,954 75
Net amount In force
December 31. 1398 | 1.155.475 15,169 55
~~ A. H. WRAT. U. 3. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 23d
day of February, 1899.
* EDWIN F. COREY.
Commissioner for California. .
C. F. MULLINS, Manager,
PACIFIC COAST BRANCH,
416-418 California Street.
SAN FRANCI~CO. CAL.
I A PERMANENT CURE J
| A PERMANENT CURE I
> .of the moat obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea g
I > and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6 C
2 days no other treatment required. ", C
• i .Sold by all druggists. 5
34
METHODIST MINISTERS
WILL CHANGE PULPITS
Southern California Conference Adjourns
After Appointments Are Announced
LOS ANGELES. Sept- -S— Rev. J.
"W. Hamilton, secretory of the Freed
man's Aid Society, enlivened the cios
ing hours of the tvrc-r.ty-fotirth" annual
Llethod:st Episcopal Cor.ference. which
completed its labors to-day at noon.
Tte speaker said that as the poor r.egro
has nothing to give' he has become a
charge upon the church as the nation
liad deserted him. "Our work in rh<*
South will cot.be complete," said the
speaker, "until we have effected a
change in the sentiment among these
people, and life will never be safe until
the negro of Missouri is placed on an
equaMty his white brother. Some
day the black man may solve the race
problem for himself."
The Bishop's report of appointments
was read ar.d few chang-:-s were made.
The treasurer reported that $14,000 had
been, disbursed for conference -work
during the year. Bishop Ninde will
leave to-morrow for Prescott where he
will preside at the meeting of the Ari
zona mission conference. The next con
ference will be held in Los Ar.geles.
The ar-poir.trnrTits are as follows:
Fresno district— Presiding elder. T. C.
Miller Xrrr.vo Grande. W. B. Bed; Bak
trsfieM, J. Ml Rich; Estre:la, r. A. Zeig
ler - Fillmore Stephen Gajcojgne: Fresno,
l*aac Jewell; Goleta, F. ii. Johnson;
Grat:ger\"illt, J. M. Richard; Har^ord. G.
A. Miller; Hneneme, A. M. OgtK>rn:
Ken-.. A. B. Morrison; Kernville, J. C.
IJvi::eston: Lompoc. J. C. BUiOtt; Los
Alamos to b« supplied; Ptaa Rob>.-s, Wil
liam C:aqv.e; Piru, EL W. Wa'.'.z; Porter
\llie J. M. Taylor; Roeiley ar.d Trav^r,
to be? supplied: San Luis Obispo. M- E.
phil-;v'?s:"San"Miguel. William Dinwoodie;
Sar.etr and Eaton. J. R- Ross; Santa
Barbara. B.- C. Crry; Santa Marie and
Yitnpomo, S. 3. .-'^asc!.r santa Pauia,
Frederick Miller; Stiz--a, C. H. Woolly;
Somis. A. N. Fic-Jcs: Spanish Mission, to
bo suppiird; Tebachip:, to be supplied:
Tularc. J. 11. Avtn-; Ventura, R- C.
Wcsierburg; Vis^lia, G. E. Foster; Wau
kenaand Lakeside. G. B. Cliff; West
Satico and- Montttivo, M. S. Mc-Oee. Gen
vral manager of the Sabbaia League of
America, inward Tcoinpson.
Lot Anceies District— Presiding Eider,
G. X L" .yard; Alhainbra, C. L. Libby;
Burfcank acd Lar.kershim. Silas Sprowies;
Coxnpton, A. W. Bunker; D-iwney ' arid
Santa}, Fe Sprir.gr. J. D. ilonrce; Fer
fnando. J. .\. H. "VHson; Fir ri-nce,' A. B.
Wcolp^rt; Ganiena. 2L A. Meyer: L^ Ka
bra; to be supplied; Lamanda Park. E.
W. Pasko; J>3nz Beach. .V. W. Adkin-
'
BIG DEEP HER
FLEET COMES IN
GUT OF THE FOG
»
Vessels Made Good
Average Runs.
• —
There was a rift in the fog yesterday,
and a whole fleet of vessels that ba3 been
outside for a week irot 5.3." -Th? -DuciKiJ
burn made the r<^r. from London in 123
days, and the Beacon Rock.'from the
Earne port, made it in 121 days. The Dims
daJe came from Cardiff in lli days, arid
the GesevieYe Mclines from Swansea in
125. The G'enbreck. aJso from Swansea!
was er.e d^y Jcneer thin the Mclinos in
making the journe~y-
The Glenbreck failed en May 23. and
the French barks Salute Anne, Caa-
Lronne and Genevieve jloimos sailed the
next day. They had an interesting race
arouw the Horn, the Moiincs -winning
handily.
The Sardomene was 173 days coining
from Hamburg. The long voyage was due
to light r.-:nds and calms. Captain Mason
says that for days the vessel was be
r&lmec and made more leeway than head
way. The Beacon Reck had- a- coyple of,
heavy gaSes f> contend with. Otj Juiy 23
ccnafderaMt damaire was .done to her
deck fittings by the l.eavy seas that con
stantly broke over the s3*p. On August
4 a succession of squalls struck the ves
sel and she was tnrown on her beam
ends, but no par-.icjl^r damajse was done.
The'E. C. Alien, "- days from Honolulu,
and the Trcpic Bird, from Tahit!, aJs.o
camft ::i tJ-rL-u^h :h^ rift in the fojr.
The : Duchalbum. from London, came 5n
v>-ith the police flac fiyir.K in the main
r^ginr. - Bunner and Officer
F^re-json c£ the harbor police boarded
her off ile:egs ■wharf.
When the ofScers arrived they ascer
tained that e.i men of the crew had been
placed in irons for broachSng the ship's
cargo. This offense happened some time
Qg-0,- ; 'and the men were recently re
re!eas?4 and allowed to work. They were
not ts.kea.£ih£.r«:.by. the oSictre. . .
The nor.- four-rria=t«J Lark Arthnr Se-x
--al! . c a::e«i from Pfcl!a«le!pri!a on May 19.
and the sanre day the snip E^njamm F.
Packard sailed from Nevr Yoik, •wh'le
two days later the Jahez Howes sailed
from Baltimore, all for San Francisco.
Tile Eastern papers stated that the ves
sels were racing to this port, but Captain
Clapp of the Jabez Howes and Captain
Murphy of the Arthur Sewail say they
wore not. In any ev*-r.t the Howes ar
rived ijere on "the 21st ■ in«t.. while the
Sewail did not cet in until iast Monday,
and the Packard !s still on the a- ay.
There waa a great difference In the way
the two ships came into port, hoirever.
The Howes arrived with four of the men
}n iror.t. charaed with assaulting the
mat«-. '.vh!le the crew of the Sewail
cheered Captain Murphy and sang "For
he's a jolly jrood felicw" when they were
leaving jthe fh:p.
The HaTrallan bark Roderick Dhu will
sa'.l for Kilo on Sunday with the largest
careo she lias ever taken from this port.
There is TOO tons of railroad iron in her
lower hold anJ all kinds of general mer
chandlso ss. piled on top cf it.. On the
main deck sixty-eight h^ad of cattle wiil
be stailet!, whiie in the cold storage
chamber there will he sisty tons of fruit;
vegetables, pamr , fish, oysters and beer.
Over 163 tons of freisrht will be left be
hind, and pasHonsrer!" who always want
to«a!i with Captain Johnson have been
refused fi.rcomrao<iatioE Jor a- week past.
The- steamer Ban I'*-dro started off in
search of the raft Monday evening, and
about 6 o'clock y-este'rday morning she
was followed by the tug Rescue.' .If the
San Pedro finds the bfg derelicC again the
Rescue w;ll be sura of a tow. while if the
t'Jjr i? successful there will be nothing for
trie steamer to do but return to port.
The'Toyo Kisen Kaisha'? steamer Xip
pon Maru and the Oriental Steamship
Company's Gaelic will leave Yokohama
in company to-day. The first vessel to
reach- Honolulu will get- the wharf and
save Jtvrenty-four hours, s-o there is sure
to be a. trial of speed on the run across.
The coal Jn the Nippon Maru's bunkers
has brer, twice on tire and "that- Is what
has delayed that vessel. The Gaelic is
en schedule tim*>.
••drff-Ti i»or> Rfllv"* Moore had an exne.
Pears'
What a luxury
Pears! soap is!
The cheapest soap
in all the world be-
sides.
I son. Los Angeles— Asbury, D. II. Gillan;
Boyle Heights, E. J. In wood; Central, A.
! A- Graves; Central Avenue, Robert Visner;
: Chinese Mission, Chan Hen Fan; Ep worth,
; Thomas Stalker; City Mission; J. P. W1&
; r.ey; First Church, R. S. Can tine; Gar
! vanzai T. S. Dren: Grace. B. E. Newton;
: Harmony, Alex Hardle; Haven. G. A.
j Hough; Newton, T. E. Rabinson, Pico
' Heignts, W. R. Goodwin; Union Avenue,
j C. 11. Lawrence; University, F. M.' Lar-
I kin: University Circuit, to be supplied;
Vincent. W. A. Knigliten; Wesley Chapel;
F. L Donoboe: West lake. E. A, Hea
ley.. Pasadena— First. J. M. Huston; Lin
) coin Avenue, R. L Bruce; North. I. L.
I Spencer; South. H. W. White. Pomona,
G. W. White; Prospect Park. E. H.
Fretz; Rodondo, C. J. Miller; San Pedro,
W. W. Brunk; banta Monica. first, C. T.
Smith; South, to be supplied; Simi, F. M.
Warsingtcn; Tropico, H. J. Crist.
Field secretary- of Southern California
University, E. C. Chase; editor of the Cal
ifornia Advocate, W. S. Matthew; agent
cf the Tract Society for Southern Califor
nia, G. L Cole; district superintendent of
: Children's Home Society of California, A.
1 H. Gunnett; superintendent of Arizona
missions. G. A. Thompson.
Missionaries in Arizona— A. M. Gibbons,
E. O. Mclntire. David Roberts, I. G. Sig
i^r.-H. W. Peek, Alfred Reamy and J. M.
- iilssion'aries- in Nevada-J." H. Rosen
iries - Nevada— J. H.
and W. N. Bostt.
Missionary in China— E. S. Little.
F. G. H. Stevens and George Haffen
were left without appointment to attend
some of the schools.
San Diego District— Presiding elder, Wil
liam Sterling; Anaheim and High Grove,
W. G. Cowan; Artesia, W. F. Wenk;
Azusa. C. M. Coist; Beaumont and Ban
ning. L. D. Lloyd;. Chino. T. C. Knowles;
Cohen. Edward Hoskvn Corona, T. Y.
Burton; Covina. G. H. Enveart; t'uea
monga. T. W. Lincoln; Delrosa. D. F. Mc
j Cany; Elsiaore. John Nicholson; Escon
j dido. H. S. Munger; Fairview, to be sup
j plied; Failbrook, William Piuingf-r; Ful
| lerton, G. W. -Coultas; Garden Grove. I.. S.
! Spring; Glendora. Charles Leach; High
lands. A. W. Jennings; La M*sa, to be
I supplied; Lordsburg, J. C. Cowan; Muri
i etta. IL H. Baker; National City. S. W.
j Cams; Needles. J.-'M. Baxter; Newport
j Beach, to be supplied; Oceanside. W. A.
, Brown; Ontario. W. A. Wright: Granite,
! North. John Pittenger and W. L. Millar;
j Otay and Nestor, I. E. Wright: Fern's,
j F. L. Merrill; Randsburg, to be supplied;
Redlands. J_« M. Hartlev; Rialto. C. M.
I Ross: Riverside. A. C. Williams; San
; Bernardino, Alfred Inwood; San Di<*eo,
Central. Robert Barton: first. J. L. Plt
j ner: San Jacinto. F. D. AsWeigh; Santa
I Ana. J. E. Green; Westminster. J. A. Mc
j Miliar.: Whittier. William Stevenson;
1 Winch-ester and Hem^i. Martin Judv.
J. M. Hajbish and Harry P. Ward were
transferred to the Minnesota conference.
rience on the bay Monday night that five
ladies and two gentlemen will not forget I
in :a hurry. afoot agreed to put them
aboard the transport City of Para, but .
got lost in the fog and landed them on |
the battleship Iowa, As the Iowa's launch
j was going ash the women were put]
aboard '- and the Whitehall vra.« towed
back to Fclsorn street. The ladles and
gentlemen did not again attempt to reach
the Para. :.. . ,t
All the boats Of the battleship Iowa
were out yesterday and the crew was •
I given a sailing drilL Up and down the j
i bay the cutter .- launches and pinnacles :
i sailed and the men were exercised in ail
| kinds of maneuvers.
I_The German bark Theodor is now out ;
I. ( days from London lor San Francisco I
and 10 per cent is offered to reinsure ves- *
sel and cargo. The Cyrus Wak^fieH from !
New York for San Francisco .... j
-into Port Stanley en account of damage 1
received in a heavy storm, in which. also;
Captain Henry was killed. She is how!
out eighty-two days from - Stanley . in ;
charge of Captain Chapman, and 5 per!
j cent reinsurance, is offered en h^r; . j
-
MONTEREY LANDS GO
TO DAVID JACKS
Ownership Case Which Has Been in
Litigation for T/wenty Years
Decided.
MONTEREY, Sept. 25. — Considerable
talk has been occasioned here by the
decirifr: of Superior Judge N. A. Dorn of
Monterey County confirming David
Jack?' ownership at over Sl.<y» acres of
land in ar.d around Monterey. The lands
in -qiif-st'on are part of the original Mon
terey Pueblo grant, confirmed in the
United States District Court in 1556 and
sold about ISSS to satisfy a judgment of
J?3l again.'* the city of. Monterey.
David Jacks -..'i D. P. Ashley bought
!n tee i-o.no for something over $1000, and
Ashley eventually sold h!s portion to
Jacks. For the past twenty years this
land In part or in whole has been in liti
g-atior. ' The city sought to regain pes
■ieffion of it, but up to the pr»^s & nt time
Mr. Jacks has successfully defended his
title. At the beginning of the present eat
the city of Monterey again brought suit
to dispossess Mr. Jacks, the cs-se being
tried in May last in the Superior Court of
this county.' Judge Dora took, the matter
undtr advisement, and rendered a decis
ion to-day. It li said the city win take
the case to the Supreme Court. The pres
ent value of the land is 'estimated at be»
twec-n $600,008 and fTuJ.OOO,
CAUGHT TRYING
TO OPEN A SAFE
Burglar Arrested in the Fresno O£c
of the Sperry Flour
Company. ...
FRESNO, Sept. 26.— T0-night a safe
cracker was discovered at work in the
ofSce of the Sperry Flour Company by
the employes of the electric light com
pany. All the officers in town surrounded
the office. They could hear the pounding
on the vault. They laid siege to the build
ing for an hour and a half, cailing upon
the burglar to come out. Finally the lone
safe cracker emerged, threw up his hands
ar.d wa." handcuffed. • .'.-:'.
He proved to be George Anderson, a
trail-known lineman employed by the elec
tric light company. He stated that he
intended to send his wife and child East
to-morrow, but had lost all his money at
a dice game and concluded to crack a
safe - . •
•
RENEWED RIOTING
IN FERROL SPAIN
Strikers Charged and Dispersed by
the Gendarmes and a Number
of Persons Injured. '
FERROL, Spain. Sept. 35.— There has
been renewed rioting' here. The strikers,
with women and children, attacked the
men at work in the arsenal. Stones were
thrown and revolver shots were fired. The
gendarmes charged and dispersed the
mob. A number of persons were injured.
Including the commander of. the ironclad
Carminal Cisenoris. who was slightly
hurt. Troops are picketed along the lead*
ing streets.
SENTENCED FOR FOEGERY.
President of a Bank Must Serve Tc-ii
Years in Prison.
KANSAS CITY. Sept. X.— Leonard B.
:n. president ■ Bank.
dby the- B •
• eral mor. • ■ Miay
foun mlnaJ Court u'f
.c a draft for fls.sJC«j with which he
. to get a f&ls^ credit fur
and was sentenced to tei :. the
penitentiary. Imbodeo came here from
Texas, where he was pardoned by I ; v-
Hcgg after serving two years for
forgery.
New Wharf at Vallejo.
VALLEJO. Sept. % -The- City Trustees
have engaged the services of Civil-Engi
neer Lawrence Thompson to prepare
plans and specifications for a new wharf
twenty-six feet wide to project from the
foot of Virginia, street, on the north Bide
of the present wharf into the bay, ,
THE SAX FBANCISCO CALL, WED2STBSPAT, SEPTEMBER 27. I^9.
CONGRESS OF
IRRIGATION MEN
Seventeen States Are
Represented.
AN INTERESTING SESSION
SCIPIO CRAIG PLACED ON IM- ,
PORTANT COMMITTEE.
"_L_ —
Reclamation of Alkali Lands Dis
. cussed by Various *< Speakers, as '
Well as the Subject of !
Water Rights.
♦
sr-eo!al Dispatch to The Call.
iIISSOULA. Mont., Sept. Seventeen {
States and Territories are represented at
the meeting of the National Irrigation
Congress, to-day, and the meeting has
been full of interest. The Mlssoula Board
of Trade to-day opened a splendid exhibi- j
tion of Montana farm products that is at- j
tracting much attention.
Dr. S. B. Young of Utah, president, to- J
day named the following committee on j
resolutions: ;
Arizona. C. R. Hakes; California, Scipjo
Craig; Colorado, Henry Mlchelsen; Dis
trict of Columbia, F. H. New Tdaho,
D. W. Ross; Indiana, J. C. McNeely; Min
nesota, F. W. Wiisey; Missouri, P. L. I
Cannon; Montana, James Reid; Nebraska,
J. M. Wiison; New Mexico, F. W. Saund
ers; Nevada. J. E. Stubbs; Oregon. XT. N. :
Jones; Utah, L. W. Shurtleff; Washing
ton, O. R. Holcombe; Wyoming, Fred
Bond; at large, .--'•■ Califor
nia.
Practical problems occupied the atten
tion of the congress at this morning's ses
sion. Dr. Dr-iphagan of Montana, Pro
fessor Whitney or Washington, D. C.
Professor Buftum of Wyoming and others
discuss.*! at length the question of re- |
claiming alkali lands. The principal ad- !
dress at the afternoon session was that of
HonJ E'.wood Mead of Wyoming, whose
subject was, "Water Right Problems." j
The present meeting of the congress is a ;
most successful one. The membership is >
reported of an unusually large number of
States. Indiana on the east and the coast ;
States on the west, Montana on the north i
and New Mexico on the south, represent
the limits covered by the State alesa- j
tions, and they are enthusiastic and sin- •
cere. j
At the opening of the afternoon session j
Bishop Shurtleft of Utah presented a res- \
olutlcn of condolence upon the death of j
National Lecturer Emory of Kansas, who
has died since the last meeting of the
congress. This was unanimously adopted.
Horu Elwood Mead, superintendent of the
Federal Bureau of Irrigation in Wyoming,
read an interesting paper on "Water
Rights Problems." Judge Stilwell of
Arizona continued the discussion of the j
water rights problem, especially in its re
iation to the work of the irrigation con
gress. In closing the Judge referred
pleasantly to the results 01 irrigation that
be has seen since cor.me to Montana. {
Gi^-orge H. Maxwell spoke briefly upon the
solution of all these difficulties. State I
Engineer Bond of Wyoming presented a j
paper on •"Irrigation in Wyoming." He
set forth the method followed in that ;
State. In obtaining water rights the.]
Wyoming law is regarded generally as a j
model, and its explanation was of mucn
interest to the delegates. State Engineer :
Wilson of Nebraska followed with an in- ;
t^restir.g paper on the irrigation laws and
practices of his State. Mr. Wilson is one >
of the leading, advocates of State control ;
of water, ami in his pap^r he gave much ;
credit and high praise to the Wyoming ;
laws and the men who execute them. He j
regretted that Nebraska's constitution j
did not permit the adoption in full of the
Wyoming laws, but said that the State
had gone as fai as possible along these
lir.r-s. The solution of the water right j
problem according to Mr. Wilson, jies in
the creation of an interstate commission,
which will have power to regulate the apt
portionment of water in an equitable and f
just manner.  • ' ,
Following Mr. Wilson. D. K. Ross. State
Engineer of Idaho, read sections of Ida- .
hb'a water laws and commented on them |
in an interesting manner. He said the p^o- ■
pie cf Idaho had pride in tht-ir !aw. and !
he explained it in full. At the conclusion !
of Mr. Ross' remarks the congress ad- .
journed until evening. _' .A -
\t the evening session Hon. 1,. T. Can
non secretary of the St. Louis Manufar- j
tnre'rs' Association: was introduced by Dr.
Young and held the audience for twenty
minutes.
Following Mr. anon. Professor Newell
delivered his lecture on the hydrographic
work of the United States Geological Sur
vey of which ho is at the head. The lec
ture was illustrated with • stereopticun !
views. Tha lecturer closed with a discus- j
sion of the possible causes of failure and j
an explanation of the details of the .con
stroction of dams and tho selection of j
site*. The actual work of the congress
will end to-morrow afternoon.
NOVEL USE OF THE
WIRELESS TELEGRAPH
Will Be Utilized to Locate Several
Islands of the Aleutian.
Group.
SEATTLE. Sept. 26.— Superintendent
Henry S. Pritehett of the United Statt^s
Coast and Geodetic Survey announce*
that he will make a new and somewhat
novel use of wireless telegraphy. Next
season the United States steamer Path
finder v.i'.l be s*nt to Alaskan water? to
survey the islands of the Aleutian group
n--ar "Unimak Pass. The islands Mr.
Pritehett says, have boen incorrectly
located on Government charts ard maps.
The Pathfinder was built a year ago at
Elizabeth and I« equipped with the latest
appliances and instruments, including ap
paratus for the r.ew system of telegraphy.
Several islands of the Aleutian group
lying between nfteeen ar.d twenty miles
apart near Unirnak Pass have been se
lected as a field for the use of the wire
less telegraphy. By means of the differ
ence in latitude the location of the islands
will be determined to a fine point.
HURRICANES IN ALASKA.
Storms of Great Violence Along the
Entire Coast.
PORT TOWNSEND, Sept. 2s.— The
United States cutter Grant. which
reached here this morning from the north,
reports hurricanes and storms of the
greatest violence prevailing along the en
tire Alaska .coast.
The Grant made a' thorough cruise
among the Aleutian Islands in search of
information about the lost steamship
Pelican or survivors, but neither found
nor heard anything. Captain Cushing cf
the Rush reported to Captain' Slamm at
Dutch Harbor that the schooner Lady
Georg-e, Captain Chrlstensen, reported
!ost. is all right. Instead of sailing for
Pupet Sound she made for an isolated
place on the Alaskan coast, where Indians
had reported the existence of gold.
UNION BANK SUES.
Will Endeavor to Collect the Assess
ment Levied. -
SAN JOSE. Sept. 26.— The Union Sav
ings Bank, Insolvent, has brought five
suits against prominent shareholders to
collect the 10 per cent assessment which
was levied iin June. It is said that only
one shareholder ever paid the assessment.
Now the bank !n its corporate capacity
proposes to collect this money.
Those sued and' the number of shares al
leged to Le held, by each are: George T.
Dunlop, 6S: Cyrus Jones. 200;- Amass Eat
on. 300: Louis Cattish. ¥>, and Alfred Bar
ker,' 100. Of these Dunlop. Jones and Cal
!ish are now directors of the bank. All
are perfectly solvent, and the cases will
be in the nature of tests. -:,.■- r
PAN-PRESBYTERIAN COUNCIL.
Delegates From All Over the World
Assembling in New York."
WASHINGTON] Sept. 26.— Presbyterians
from all over the world are arriving here
to attend the Pan-Presbyterian Council,
which opens Its sitting at the New York
avenue Presbyterian Church to-morrow.
Upward , of 400 delegates are eipected to |
be in attendance upon tills, the seventieth
general council. The following foreign
countries will be represented: Austria-
Hungary. 1 Belgium. East Friesland,
France, Germany. Greece. Italy, Russia,
Spain. Switzerland; England. Ireland,
Scotland. Ceylon. China, Japan. Cape of
Good Hope, Orange Free State. South Af
rican Republic. Natal. Canada. Eastern
Australia, Victoria, Queensland. Tasma
nia. New Zealand. Ota^o. Southland, Ja
maica and New Hebrides.
The council is not a legislative bc-dy: it?
work is to discuss church and religious
•tons, and Its suggestions and conclu
sions will be adopted -by individual
churches which are subject only to their
own laws. '•
MARSHAL'S OFFICE AT
SANTA ROSA LOOTED
Thieves Carry Away Everything
That Is .of . Value in the
,V; 7 - - < .-. . - Boom.
I SANTA ROSA, Seprt. I When City
Marshal Charles H. Holmes came down
to cpen his office in the City Hall yester
day he discovered that some time during
the night burglars had broken into the
rcoinr and '.completely ransacked it. A
valuable banjo, several articles of minor
valne ar.d. about ?W. in cash were takeji.
The money- represented the aggregate
sum taken frvm Sunday's grist of ine
briates and deposited in the- Marshal's
office for safe keeping. When released
this morning the men demanded their
money. It was not available, so a hur
ried meeting of the City Council was
called and the sum appropriated from th«
general fund in the city treasury. So far
no clew has been discovered as to the
identity of the burglars.
The robber;,- undoubtedly occurred be
tween the hours of 3 and 5 this morning.
When the night force left the City Hall
on its last round, about 3 o'clock, every
ing was all right, but when the doors
were opened shortly after 4 o'clock the
scene was one of much confusion.
m
EX-SECRETARY OF
COLOMBIA PERISHES
Loses His Life on the Steamer Gen
eral Mcntayo. Which Is De
stroyed by Fire.
Special Cabl» to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyrighted, lii-3, by James Gordon
■ ■
PANAMA. Colombia. Sept. Tele
graphic advices received by way of Buena
Ventura frcm the Herald's correspondent
in Barranfiuilla state that the steamer
General Montayo. belor.srir.g to the Mag
dale:. River Transport Company, took
fire last Saturday evening.
Among those who perished was General
Julio Rcr.jifo. formerly secretary of the
Colombian legation and Colombian charge
d'affaires in Washington.
General Renjifo had recently been ap
pointed Colombian Minister to Ecuador
and was exoected to arrive here shortly
_ kh — ■• ■ •
METHODIST INSTITUTE
AT MUSKOGEE BURNED
All the Students Escaped in Safety
With Their Belong- : - ;
ings.
MUSKOGEE, I. T. Sept. 2G.-Harrell In
stitute, the leading Methodist college of
the Southwest, took fire last night
in the gymua- rooms, and all the
buildings c,onccted with the big educa
tional institution were destroyed.
The building cost about &'•.'•*} and J3<>M
bequeathed by H. B. Spauldir.g. the cattle
king of the Indian Territory, had just
been spent in overhauling it. There were
125 students in attendance arid all e.°
cr.ped with their b'.-longings wfthout In
jury. There was $25,<»'t insurance on the
building. The fire was started by a cig-
ALARMING SPREAD
OF YELLOW FEVER
Health Officer at Mississippi City
Says It Is Beyond His
Control.
JACKSON. Miss:. Sept. -'■— J. J.
Harry, State health (Beer ii charge at
Mississippi City, wires that thirty cases
of yellow fever are under treatment there
and that the disease is beyorsd his con
trol. One easf* has been discovered in the
country fiye miles from Centreville. Jef
ferson County, in the southern portion of
th* 1 State..
NEW ORLEANS, Sept. 25,— The Board
of Health to-day reported two new cases
of yellow fever, but no deaths In the past
twenty-four hours.
MAY LOSE HIS OFFICE.
Charges Agpinst the Chief Executive
of Columbus. Ohio.
CO-.'- ■ ~ Sept 2'"..—Applica
■ ■
rr.bus.
Is ma
which limits the ex]
■ - for election pur. - -
. ■ '• ction last
worn state ment
I
• ; .^ld law
*hen withdrawn, and a cor:
which came within the
: the !aw. T '•■ ' General
■ : to bring >the suit to-morrow.
SHIPWRIGHTS WILL STRIKE.
Trouble Over the Reduction of Wages
at Mare Island.
VAL.IJSJO. Sept. M— lt was reported at
Mare Island to-day that word has been
received by the Shipwrights' Association
of this city that the wages of shipwrights
at Mare Island must stand as reduced at
$4 2S a day instead of ?1 SO, as formerly
It is also reported that the shipwrights
have concluded to strike at the navy
yard if the wages are not restored to the
former schedule by the Ist of October.
» —
GOLD PROM AUSTRALIA.
Consignment Amounting to 51.000,
--000 Coming to This City.
mCW rORK, Sept. 86.— J. and W. Selig
man & Co.. agents for the Anglo-Califor
niar. Bank I Ban Pi • \» announced
to-day a consK r ■ ■ .-..-■
coin will
I in the form of sov
ereigns and is expected to reach San
within a week or ten days. It
red to this city,
adding to the reserve of the banks.
SPEED OF THE KEARSARGE.
Bear Admiral Rogers States the Bat
tleship Made 16.845 Knots.
WASHINGTON, Sept X.— Bear Ad
ihe Kearsarge trial board
it the nc-w battleship
for foul ■ . - hours on her
trial trip was U I The Xav
make arrangements
to put the Kearsarge Into c
and - ■ tempos be attache*! to
the N"i;h Atlantic squadron.
Sheriffs in Session.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 25.— Sheriffs
Frank T. Johnson of Sacramento, R. R.
Veale of. Contra Costa, P.. J. Langford of
Santa Clara, W. F. Slbley of San Joaquin
and Under Sheriff D. C. Martin of San
Francisco, constituting a committee from
the Stale organization of Sheriffs, held a
meeting in this city to-day. Part of the
business transacted was the adoption of a
resolution of respect to the memory of
the late Sheriff H. R. Farley of Monterey
County, who was murdered while in the
discarge of his duties a short time ago.
The committee will consider matters to
be submitted by the Sheriffs of the State
to the next Legislature.
New Baseball Club.
WOODLAND, Sept. 26.— Woodland
baseball club is to be reorganized and an
effort will be made to form a winter
league among Sacramento Valley clubs. .
-»-o »
| SUNDAY'S CALL can be pun- §
« chased from all agents and «
S newsdealers at 5c per cop/. >z
..,.-,-.-,. .«*
CHURCH AFFAIRS
IN PHILIPPINES
Apostolic Delegate Is
Appointed.
*
THE ARCHBISHOP CHAPELLE
— . ♦
HI! WILL ACT IN WASHINGTON
FOR THE VATICAN.
— T*
A Reorganization of the System in
the Islands. Based on the New
Conditions, Is Now
Expected.
♦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 26.— The an
nouncement that Archbishop Chapelle of
New Orleans has been chosen Apostolic
Delegate for the Philippines attracts much
attention in official and clerical circles.
The position has been vacant up to this
time and owing to the large property in
terests of the church in the Philippines,
the official status it occupied under Spain
and the Influence of the clergy over the
natives it has been regarded as an im
portant factor in reconstruction. About
a year aero the Pope named Archbishop
Chapelle aa Apostolic Delegate for Cuba
and Porto Rico, but no appointment was
made for the Philippines and the Arch
bishop cf Manila has continued to exer
cise chief jurisdiction, dealing directly
with Rome.
In view of the hitter's former strong
pro-Spanish views his co-operation with
the United States military authorities at
Manila has been the source of much sat
isfaction to the church authorities h^re.
But it is felt that the presence of a dele
gate in this country, authorised to act for
the Vatican, will permit more direct co
operation on the questions which are
constantly arising. Under Spanish rule
the Archbishop of Manila was a Govern
ment official, reciving $12.0«>0 annually,
while four bishops at the head of four dio
ceses constituting the island received
59>jO. . This status no longer exists and
the church officials are maintained out of
the church resources. It is expected that
Archbishop Chapelle's appointment will
permit a reorganization of the church sys
tem of the islands, based on changed con
ditions.
MEN WHO MANNED
CAPTURED GUNBOAT
WASHINGTON. Sept. 25.— A cablegram
from Admiral Watson says that Naval
Cadet Wilborn c. Wood was killed in the
action In which the gunboat Urdaneta
was lost. The name and rate of the miss
ing Americans who, all of them, were at
tached to the Oregon, follows:
Benjamin James Green, coxswain: "Wil
liam Mitchell, seaman; Edward Burke,
seaman: Samuel Tilden Herbert, ordi
nary seaman: George Daniel Powers, ap
prentice, first class; Arthur William
Drummond. machinist, first' class; John
James Farley, fireman first class;
Thomas Grey, fireman, second class;
Samuel Stone, seaman.
Cadet Welbom C. Wood Is th» son of
H. K. Wood of Jerusalem, Picking
County. Ga., a storekeeper and gauger in
the Internal Revenue Service. The
record? of the Navy Department disclose
the following facts in regard to the en
listed men:
Benjamin James Green, born in San
Francisco; residence not known: next of
S. C. : residence. New York; net of kin,
Antrc-les.
William Mitchell, born In Buckeville.
kin, Benjamin J. Green, father, Los
George Mitchell, father. Buckeville. S. C.
Samuel Tilden Herbert, born In Charles
County. Maryland: residence Baltimore;
next of kin, Richard O. Herbert, brother,
Baltimore.
Edward Burke, born in Boston: resi
dence New York; next of kin, Hannah
Moore, aunt, at Doreh*ster. Mass.
George Daniel Powers, born in Smarts
ville, Vuba County, CaL; next of kin,
Mr.-. M. Betei at mother, at 553
Washington street, Oakland. Cal.
Arthur William Dnumraond. born in
Canada; next of kin, Mrs. R. Davis,
RatheJl, Canada.
John James Farley, born in Newark.
N. J.. and resided there with his mother,
Mrs. P. Farley.
Samuel Grey, born in Buffalo, next of
kin unknown.
Samuel Stone, born in Vilna. Russia;
residence. Fall River. Mass.; next 01 kin,
A. J. Stone, Fall River.
INSURGENTS ROUTED
BY GENERAL SNYDER
WASHINGTON. Sept X.— A dispatch
has been received from Manila by the
War Department stating that General
Snyder attacked the position of the In
surgents five miles west of Cebu and de
stroyed seven forts and quite a number
of smooth-bore cannon. The insurgents
■were utterly routed and Snyder returned
with his force to Cebu. The Tennessee
Regiment was already aboard the trans
port to come home, but disembarked to
take part in the engagement. Following
is the text of General Otis' telegram:
Nil. A. Sept. 25.— Adjutant General.
Washington: On September 22 and 23
Snyder attacked strong insurgent posi
tions about live miles west of Cebu with
205 officers and men. Tennessee Regiment
and 517 officers and men. Nineteenth.
Sixth and Twenty-third Infantry and
Sixth Artillery, driving from works and
capturing seven forts, including smooth
bore cannon mounted therein. and four
teen intrenched and fortified places. Our
loss Private William M. Hauler. A. Sixth
Infantry, killed, and four wounded. The
enemy's loss estimated at forty. Insur
gents retreated to new fortifications far
southwest. Snyder returned to Cebu with
Tennessee troops, who had disembarked
from, transport Indiana to take part in
action. Two companies Nineteenth In
fantry hold important position in moun
tains. OTIS. '
«
FOUR DEPARTMENTS
IN THE PHILIPPINES
WASHINGTON. Sept. 26.— 1t has been
definitely determined to create four de
partments in the Philippines. The latest
plan contemplates two departments in the
1 of L»uzon. one taking in Manila and
its environs and extending north, covering
the territory occupied by General
Arthur. The other department prob
v. ill be in the north of the island,
with headquarters on Lingayen Bay.
Each of these departments in Luzon will
be under a major general. A department
probably will br- established covering the
Visayan group of islands and another the
-;roup. Each of these will be under
the command of a brigadier general. The
plan is not fully arrange-"}, but the latest
proposition embracing these features
meets with approval at the War Depart -
•
GENERAL OTIS' LATEST
LIST OF CASUALTIES
WASHINGTON. Sept. 25.— General Otis
also cables the following casualties:
Drowned— Third Infantry at Bagbag
Rlycr, Baliug. in advance on enemy Aug
ust 14, Max Johnson; Company G, Cor
poral .Peter Larson. • .
Sixteenth Infantry at Meyoa
yuan September 20, Company D, William
Hardy.
Twenty-first Infantry, near
Las Pinas, September IT, Company H, Al
exander H. Hochberg, foot, moderate;
Thirty-seventh Infantry, near Angeles,
22d. Company B, Corporal Charles H.
Lawson," arm, severe.
Another message received from General
Otis to-day announces the arrival of the
transport Puebla, which sailed from San
Fr.incisco August 29, with six officers and
C 59 recruits. There were no casualties
during the voyage.
--' ■■ , J ' ♦
Deckhand Drowned.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 26-Thomas Don-
aghue, a deck hand on the steamer Alviso,
was to-day accidentally lurched overboard
and drowned at a point three miles above
tIM mouth of the Feather River. The
accident occurred while the unfortunate
man was handling- a towline. He leaves
a sister and mother in Stockton,
SEVEN-YEAR-OLD
BOY BREAKS JAIL
Distracted the Sheriff's Atteo
tion aod Slipped Out of the
Open Door.
PAX RAFAEL. Sept. 26.— Little Manuel Morris, the s»ven-year-old <
.'■!• r who vas sentenced to spend ten days in the County Jail for j
trying to wreck freight cars on the narrow-gauere line, and afterward ;
proved himself to be a diminutive "bad man" by breaking the window ,
and furniture of his cell and trying to knock the head off Sheriff Tay
lor with a bed slat, has capped the climax of his misdeeds by escaping ;
from the custody of the authorities and fleeing to parts unknown. Ag^ ■
and inexperience seem to be no handicap in the case of this wee culprit, ;
as the clever method he employed in regaining his freedom and the cool- |
ness displayed in carrying his plan into execution would have done honor j
to a veteran "crook."
The boy has been confined in a cell off a larger one, on the opposite \
side of the large cell being a bathroom. Little Manuel had the freedom ;
of all three apartments. When Deputy Sheriff Lucas took the child nls '
breakfast this morning his attention was attracted to the bathroom by )
the Bound of running water and the wet condition of the floor near the i
bathroom door. He walked over to investigate and the small prisoner, j
who had hidden behind the door opening into the suite of cells, chos '
the opportunity to slip outside, make his escape from the basement an
go into hiding. When Lucas had stopped the water from running h
sought little Manuel and found him not. Realizing then that the water '
had been turned on and thrown over the floor to attract his attention j
he ran outside the building and saw the boy running in the direction of j
the broad-gauge depot. Lucas gave chase, but the little fellow was too '<
fleet of foot and outdistanced his pursuer.
ManueFs parents have promised that when the lad returns they will I
send him to some relatives living <^n a ranch, where he can be kept out 5
of mischief. Otherwise, if captured, the authorities say he will have to |
be sent to a reformatory.
FOUR KILLED IN
A COLLISION
Wreck on Northwestern
System.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
' OSKAT.OOSA. lowa. Sept. 26. -Four men
d in a head-on collision to-day
on the Belle Plains and Muchakinock ex
: N . •••. western road, seven
- .so\ithpast of this city. The trains
I came together as the result of an error in
■Unbound passenger train,
! with fort: - jrere, was met by a
; double-header ma! train of twenty-three
~ ■ passenger engineer saw tht ap-
I proaching c<".al train, applied the brakes
! and had his train almost stopped -when
the crash came. None of the passengers
I we re seriously hurt. Three engines and
• r-n car? were demolished, the wreck
* age being piled forty feet high. Both en
iieers, 1 i ' t the passenger
tra i:. rt-man of the freight tram
' were kilied. The dead:
ENGINEER ORES ALLEN.
ENGINEER DOUGLASS.
FIREMAN PRENTISE.
.-. iXDU-'TOR BUTTERFIELD. all of
I Bti'.e Plali -
men Baxter and Culp were ser:ously
DIED A VICTIM OF
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE
Miss Lorena Krapp of Los Getos
Passes A\ray in the Ap;"W3
Asylum.
BAN JOSE, Sept- 26.— Miss Lorena
Krapp of Los Gates, the young Chris
tian Scientist who was committed to
Agnews asylum less than a week ago,
died at that institution last night. She
was a talented musician, 29 years of
age. Deceased was raised in Minne
sota, and at one time was instructor in
the Young Ladies' Seminary in that
State and in Minneapolis and St. Paul.
Several years ago she removed to Los
Gatos with her mother.
While stopping in Chicago she be
came interested in Christian Science.
She studied the works of Mrs. Eddy
Baker and took a course of lectures
from a healer named Fluno in Oakland.
These people played upon her feelings
and in a short time it weakened her
mind. 11l health overcame her, and
they then advised her to use her
mind force as a cure and abstain from
food and reject all medicines. Under
these conditions her mind gave way
and she became a raving maniac.
When it was too late physicians were
called in. They declared Christian Sci
ence responsible for Miss Krapp's con
dition. She was a firm believer in the
doctrine and would listen to nothing
else.
Mrs. Krapp. the mother of the girl,
charges the Christian Scientists with
wrecking her daughter's mind, and also
holds them responsible for her death.
Miss Christian and Evanerelina Baker,
healers, she characterizes as fiends, and
says they worked with her daughter
until they obtained complete control of
her.
Fire in Tucson.
TUCSON. Ariz.. Sept. 2fi— Fire in a store
building this morning on Congress street
damaged the building to the extent
illllf^lli H
■THE SET
SOAP <o^E"<t
SALVE
.RESOLVENT 4&&** m&
1128 MARKET 5T 5 f-
f-^ g— a—a 53 1 1 lW»wflB ■111 vflft ' ljt» IG^ vwr *i^tt^l 1 1
*v^ BE )IBk 1 ■• -^L ■ *V^B Ml jS ■>■ J* 1 Bv^FpOe^^Bl ' ' " ir^H 111 l^^K
$350 and gutted a sample room, causing a
I - arried by Sam
Feldham. a representative of Murphy,
Grant & Co. of San Francisco.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Pensoins Granted, Patents Issued and
Army Orders.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 26.— Pacific Coast
patents were granted to-day as follows:
California— Charles F. Burr and J. S.
Hendrickson, San Fernando, composition
of matter for closing' punctures in pneu
matic tires; Andrew W. Cor.atser, Comp
ton, tire; "William X. Cowan, Los Ange
les. bicycle gear; E. T. and G. C. Ear!,
Oakland, refrigerator car; William Glea
son, San Francisco, rock drilling machin
ery; John C. Hagerdy, Santa Cruz, bark
cutting and reducing machine; William
J. Krase, San Francisco, water wheel cas
ing; Joseph A. Lowe, San Jose, check
book; G. W. Price. San Francisco, centri
fugal pump; Andrew V. Smith, San Fran
cisco, sail rig for ships; A. C. Stewart,
Santa Paula, motor carriage; George W.
Turner, San Francisco, clotheshook; Z.
Valdez, Los Angeles, toy torpedo.
Oregon— John Chamberlain. Dallas, bu
rial vault; A, Tremblay, Arcadia, rail
joint.
Washington — Thomas Crostan. Ho
quiam, rotary engine; George Da vies. Se
attle, bicycle; John C. Garney, Seattle,
thawing hood; Alfred Given. Ellensburg,
locomotive; George M. Light. Pomeroy,
land scraper; George D. Wilson, Pomeroy,
horsepower.
Army orders: By direction of the As
sistant Secretary of War, Private Melvia
Anderson of Company G, Thirty-third In
fantry, Presidio. San Francisco, 'having
enlisted under false pretenses, will be dis
charged without honor from the service
of the United States. Private George
Graham, Presidio, is detailed as acting
hospital steward. Major Samuel R. Jones,
quartermaster, now at San Francisco,
will proceed at once to Boston, and as
sume -charge of the duties of disbursing
quartermaster to relieve Major John McE»
Hyde, who will proceed to San Francisco.
Major ilfried Turnbull, surgeon, will
proceed from Xew Tork to San Francisco
ana report to the commanding general" a£
the Department of California for assign
ment to duty. Major James F. Case of
the Fortieth Infantry will proceed to San
Francisco for duty with a battalion of
the Fortieth Infantry, row organizing at
that place. Second Class Private Anton
I. Walz. ordnance detachment, Benicia
arsenal, is discharged from the service
of the United States.
Pensions: California— Orieinal— William
M. Gibson. Selma. *•>; Henry H. Fuller,
»C to $10: Joseph Jackson. Veterans* Home.
Napa. J»5 to $10: Martin B. Wilner, Sol
diers" Home. Los Angeles. 15 to JS
Oregon — Widows. Indian wars— Mary
Kline. Portland. SS. ' • J
Washington— Reissue and increase—Ed
ward M. Schrock, Seattle, 5$ to $S.
. — • '
FUNERAL OF SAMUEL STEWART
Hundreds of People Pay Tribute to
the Deceased.
SUISUN. Sr-r-t. *.— ' ral of Sam
uel Stewart, who died Sunday morning ai
hfa r.rirr.t i erton, took place to
day and was one of the largest ever
• ity. Those in attendance cams
from ' as ol Solano County,
and a hiph trlbol ma n they
honored and loved during his lifetime
ces were held at the home
of the dfcf-ased. after which the remains
-
a distance of eight r..
ing the extreme heat a lone line
- moved in the plow funeral t r
sion. and at the grave the impr
buria! s^r-. . Maponic
conducted by the w..rshipful mast-
R. Coglan. assist^ by mar.y brethren of
Suisun Lodge No. 55. F. and" A. iL
Horses Stampede.
>h.ATTL.E, Bept --•—Advices received
here state that while the transport Vic
toria was at Dutch Harbor a band
raefl belonging to the Government, ea
route to Mar.iia. broke away frrrr. I
rs and stampeded. Seventeen were
killed by jumping over a c,:ff.THE BEARDED LADY GETS FIVE "COPPERS" IN TROUBLE
»T HE bearded lady who is one of the
I chirf attractions of the circus now
I In this city may be the innocent
• •*• cause of the undoing of Officers J.
♦ F. Oraekbon, NTeil Riord:in, James Nor
e. ton, Dennis Kearney and Paul Cleu,
against whom charges fl)r neglect of
1 duty have been filed. Their trials will
come up before the Police Commission
* era this evening, and the delinquents
are anxiously awaiting the outcome.
I>ast Sunday evening the five officers
J -were detailed by Captain Giilen of the
♦ Seventeenth-street station for special
BURNS IS OUT OF THE
CONTEST FOR SENATOR
Railroad Programme to Again
Bring Forward De Young.
Retirement of the Crockers From the South
ern Pacific Leaves Huntington Free
to Carry Out Original Agreement
IN the corridors of the State Capitol
and In the recesses of the yellow
building ii is told in whispers that
t!ie Mexican, weary of political strife,
has resolved for the sake of harmony
In the Republican ranks of 1900 to
sacrifice his personal ambition to become
ator of the United States from Cali
fornia. It is more than hinted that the
me of Burns' withdrawal will be the ,
itlon of C. P. Huntlngton's original
programme and the reincarnation in the
railroad temple of M. H. de Young. This
. ■ i tJ].> iu> -r- gossip <>f the nn- '
r.-rlings. It is the whispering of old war
rlors who Ms:-;, to the rustle of leaves in
the political forest.
The Call, Which foreshadowed in ad
vance of executive announcement every
important appointment made by Gover
nor Gaga, predicts uptiii that an extra
e-ssion of the Legislature will be called.
It does not predict, however, that Burns
will withdraw in favor of M. 11. de Young,
but it Is confident nevertheless that the
m will not be in the race at the |
tinish. . ,
The prophets of the second coming Of
ung r»-a.l in the signs a reconcllia
■ Huntington and De Young. They
Kgin with • pted truth that De
■ Huntington's first choice for
■  the fact
was made known that the railroad mag
previously agreed to support I
ung .for the Sei a the < ent of .
Republican success In the election of the,
moreover, that
Huntington would have stood by his con- I
tract with De Toung if Mrs. Stanford and j
• tckers had not protested with great I
-.gainst th- execution of the agree- i
-r,ning along these lines, the
prophets reach the conclusion that trie
the Crockers from the
era Pacific places Huntington in ab
control oi' the political works of |
irporation and leaves the way wide ;
oad indorsement of De j
Young's Candida^
Thf Call has positive proof of the fact
thai De Young was the original choice
of the Huntingtons and Herrln. and fur
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A COMMON TROUBLE.
Thousands Suffer From It Without
Knowing Its Real Character.
No trouble is more common or more
misunderstood than nervous dyspepsia.
People bavins it think that their nerves
are to blame, are surprised that they are
not cured by nerve medicines and spring
remedies; the real seat of mischief is lost
Bi£ht of; the stomach is the organ to be
looked after.
Nervous dyspeptics often do not have any
' pain whatever in the stomach nor perhaps
.• " any of the usual symptoms of stomach
' • ■weakness. Nervous dyspepsia shows itself
..• not in the stomach so much as in nearly
every other organ; In some cases the heart
palpitates and is irregular; in others, the
kidneys are affected; in others, the bow-
els are troubled, wita loss of flesh and
appetite, with the accumulation of gas, 1
■our risings and heartburn.
Mr. A. W. Sharper of No. 61 Prospect St.,
Indianapolis, Ind., writes as follows: "A
' motive of pure gratitude prompts me to !
write these few lines regarding the- new
and valuable medicine, Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets. I have been a sufferer from
- nervous dyspepsia for the last four years;
have used various patent medicines and
other remedies, without any favorable i
■ result. They sometimes gave temporary
rellef until the effects of the • medicine (
twore off. I attributed this to my seden-
tary habits, being a bookkeeper with- lit-
tie physical exercise; but I am glad ; to
" state that the tablets have overcome all |
those obstacles, for I have gained in flesh. i
Fk-ep better and am better in every way.
The above is written not for notoriety, but
(is based on actual facts. Respectfully
ynurs. A. W. Sharper.
"61 Prospect street, Indianapolis, Ind.."
• It Is safe to say that Stuart's Dyspepsia j
Tablets will cure any stomach weakness j
or disease except cancer of the stomach. |
They cure sour stomach gas, loss of -flesh j
and appetite, .sleeplessness, palpitation,
heartburn, j constipation and headaches.;
Send for valuable little book on stomach
diseases by addressing Stuart Co., Mar-
shall, Mich. '
All druggists pell full-sized packages at j
to cents. :' .
T A , - STUART'S i/i
liflVVl Dyapepala Tablet* J|l/"»
e UTri Out-BatTD^«i.t« '* VW
Drug-Co. 1128 Market Street. 8. F.
duty in and around the circus. The spe
cial duty mainly consisted In preventing
the Irrepressible small boy fn>m creep
ing under the tents. Apparently this
become monotonous to the five club
wielders, for when Sergeant Albert Per
rin appeared upon the Bcene at 9 o'clock
be could find no trace of his underlings.
He looked In all directions without suc
cess, and while be was wondering what
had become of them the circus manager
excitedly informed him that at least hxj
buys had made an illegal entrance Into
the show.
ther proof that the railroad support would
have been given to him but for the str> n
uous objection of the Crockers and Mrs.
Stanford. In effect Herrln said in passing
a gold brick to De Young:
"Sou are Mr. Huntingdon's first choice
for United States Senator. Personally I
am jour frined. and you are my lirst
choice. I believe that you are the ablest
man in the State and that you are entitled
to the office, but owing to influences
which Mr. Huntington cannot control the
railroad cannot support you."
Unquestionably De Young- was Hunt
[ngton's first choice, and The Call would
not bf suprrised to learn that the rail
way maycnate had consented 10 overlook
De' Young's recent comment and go back
to the original plan. The Call believes
that De Young is so anxious to go to the
I'nited States Senate that he would wipe
out the past and readily accept the sup
port of the Southern Pacific Company.
Happily for the commonwealth of <"ali
fornia railroad support in a Senatorial
campaign when the Republicans are In
power Is not equivalent to railroad suc
cess. The members of the Legislature in
extra or regular session are answerable
to th<-> prop],, for their conduct. Ther.' is
more than a grain of truth in the story
of Burns' retirement from the contest.
Men whose surroundings enable them to
obtain inside information assert that
Huntington has resolved to withdraw the
support which was extended to Burns at
Sacramento last winter.
When Collis P. Huntington, through
Hr-rrin, passed IV Young one gold brick
he did not exhaust the supply. There
are other glided bricks in the railroad
yard, and another one. more beautiful
than the first, may be presented to Mr.
De Young when the extra session begins.
The sentiment of the people, as cx
presseri in the newspapers throughout tho
State, Is against the election to the Senate
of any corporation candidate. It Is bet
ter that the vacancy exist than to fill it
by the election of a Southern Pacific rep
resentative. From a political point of
view De Young is no better than Burns.
The success of either would wr<vk the
Republican party of the State in 1900.
WANT SIX SUPERVISORS.
Mission District Will Fight for
Full Representation.
The Central Republican League dele
gates from the Thirty-first, Thirty-fourth,
Thirty-fifth, Thirty-sixth and Thirty
seventh Assembly districts met last night
at 325." Mission street to take action
toward presenting a solid front at the
approaching Republican convention. J.
K. C. Hobbs presided.
One of the primary objects the delegates
have in view la to secure the election of at
least six Supervisors from the. Mission
district The following candidates for the
office were indorsed: T. J. Fields, repre
senting the Thirty-seventh District; Jo
seph L* Count, Thirty-first District;
Charles de Pew, Thirty-fifth District;
Martin Jones and George T. Shaw, grand
secretary of the Odd Fellows, Thirty
fourth District; Henry Burfeind, Thirty
sixth District.
A new candidate for Recorder was pre
sented in -the person of William Tiffany,
who T.'as a candidate for License Collector
against Fred Lees. His name was well
received by the delegates, and he will
probably receive their indorsement.
Martin Feusier, formerly Treasurer of
Virginia City, will .receive the Mission
delegation's support for Treasurer. School
Director Ed Head will be backed for the
office of Sheriff, and John L.ukniann will
be placed In the fight for Assessor.
The meeting refused to champion the
cmise of Treasurer I. J. Truman for re
election, the reason advanced being that
he had used his influence to bring about
the selection of Fred Lees as License Col
lector which, It was claimed, threw the
patronage of that office Into the hands
f rrlmmins and Kelly.
At the league caucus to. be held Thnrs
dav night at B'nai B'rith Hall the, Mis
sion delegation will stand as a unit.
rwelft.h Ward Republicans
Fl upper's Hall' on Point- Lobofl and
First avenues was . comfortably filled by
stalwart and enthusiastic ; Republicans
last night. The object of the meeting;
as outlined by George R. Fletcher, who
called the body to order, , was that the
west end of the Twelfth Ward should
have a voice and a say in the selection
of candidates before the coming Republi
can convention. . • .
Having stated the objects of the meet
ing Mr. Fletcher gave , way. to John T.
Williams, who was elected chairman of
the. meeting, with J. J. Cassidy as secre
tary. After a few preliminary remarks
from the young- chairman, D. L. Fitz
gerald introduced, the following resolu
tions. ' .."..... '•'..■. '■
' Whereas. The Twelfth Ward- is the second
largest ward In the city and county of San
Francisco in ■voting .strength and also Interri
tory; and whereas, • under the provisions of
the new charter eighteen Supervisors are. to bo
elected from the city and county at large on
Tuesday, November 7, 1899;. and whereas, this
above-named ;. Twelfth ■ Ward Is rapidly and
surely becoming the residence, portion ;of the
nltv and county of San Francisco, and, as such
requires' a ■ vast amount of attention at . the
hands of the Board of Supervisors,' therefore
Resolved/That w«, the Republican voters of
•he Twelfth Ward, in mass-meeting assembled,
io petition the convention about to assemble
THE SAN FBANCTSCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1899 c
Somewhat mystified, Sergeant Perrin
blew his whistle, but received no an
swer. Finally h<> went inside, and after
a long search came to a tent from which
procet.'ded loud laughter and talking
that sounded strangely familiar. I'pon
entering the tent he burst upon a
charmed circle. There sat the bearded
lady like a queen on her throne, and
around her in various attitudes were
I'rackbon, Riordan. Norton, Kearney
and Cleu. They looked like so many
courtiers dancing attendance upon their
mistress, and their starry breasts were
that they lelect six of the eighteen candidates
for members of the Hoard of Bupervlson tr^m
the Twelfth Ward: and further.
Resolved. 'Ji-.at a copy of this resolution bo
sent to the raid convention.
Following tlie adoption of these. George
1 Magoonis introduced a resolution favor-
I ing two prominent residents of the west
end for the offices of Supervisors. James
i M. Wilklns, the proprietor of the Cliff
i House, and George Sanderson, son of ex-
Mayor Sanderson. The resolutions were:
Whereas, That portion of the Twelfth Ward
■west of Baker street having never been repre
sented in the Board of Supervisors, and
whereas, this district comprises that section of
the ward which needs the most attention re
garding street improvements, such as the open-
Ing, grading and macadamizing of streets, ad
ditional electric lights, sidewalks, etc.. and
whereas, to obtain these most essential Im
provements it Is absolutely neccessary to have
I>rorer representation in the Board of Super
vlsrs, therefore be It
Resolved, that we, the Republican voters
of this section of the Twelfth Ward in mass
meeting assembled, heartily Indorse James M.
"Wilkins and George R. Sanderson, and hereby
recommend these men to the delegates to the
Republican municipal convention for their ap
proval: and further.
Resolved, That a copy of this resolution be
sent to said convention.
Not to be outdone !n his liberality,
George Fletcher recommended Louis Feu
sier of the firm of Martin & Feusier
downtown merchants, for the office of
Treasurer. Mr. Feusier, his sponsor said,
while not a native son of the Golden
West, came to San Francisco when only
3 years of age and grew up with the city
until he became one of its prominent mer
chants. The name was received with
loud cheers.
Among the speakers who addressed the
meeting were George R. Fletcher. L. J.
McMullln, David M. Short, W. P. John
son, Edward Connollev, P. M. McGushin,
D. X Fitzgerald, J." M. Wilkins and
Assemblyman H. W. Miller.
On motion of George R. Fletcher a
vote of thanks was tendered to F. M.
Flugger for the use of his new hall.
The meeting adjourned with three rous
ing cheers "for the success of the Re
publican party.
Considered Candidates.
The Republican delegates of the Forty
second District met last night in the As
' sembly Hall of the Mills building to con
sider the claims of aspiring candidates
; for the coming election. The full delega
; tion was present and A. R. Smith pre-
I sided. Many candidates were present and
! all made brief remarks. In which they
; s»t forth their claims for recognition at
! the hands of the delegation. Among those
i who appeared before the delegation were
Prank Kingwell, ex-Judge Low and Po
lice Judge Thomas Graham, who seek
nominations for Police Judge; Recorder
A. C. Berthier, who desires to be renomi
i nated, and W. G. Dorn, who is a candi
j date for Auditor.
Mochel Is Convicted.
Martin J. Mochr-1, a soldier, who on June
17 last killed Ida Rose Leventhal in the
Campflre Saloon, was convicted by a jury
in Judge Dunre's court yesterday of man
slaughter. An effort was made to prove
that the woman was stabbed by Mochel,
but it sef-ms that she was struck with a
bottle during a drunken row. The convict
will be sentenced Saturday.
rvTtrsmrs ms vmnsinrtnnrs wwins innnnnrs
£ SLSLSULSLASLSLSLSiSJiSJiSiSJiJi JLPJUUUUIOJLSJLS. °<
£3 FEATURES SO far SELECTED FOR is
1 Next ' 1
I Sunday's I
oof mf »o
ocx joo
°3 /* "I si c. a
££ I O1 I £*
rr I i/m 11 H
Eg El INCLUDE! . {-><*> .
| The Hermit of B
a §L Superstition Mountain A „
Read WITH THE NIGHT Read-
?« nd S; s MAIL-COLLECTORS play's
v«»>' a Sunday Call Woman Tries It for a Night. ________
£% The Ebell Exhibition of g3
.Ea " American Colonists' Rats p
|| THE STRANGE HOUSE j||
|| OAKLAND EGOIST. \II
r~^ OC | p* •*
■§ How the War Has p
, .Ea Improved Business S
: in San Francisco, j°°j
i TWO REMARKABLE SHIPWRECKS 1
)OO| ' )oo<
|00l ...FICTION. FASHION... :joc<
P°S ....HOUSEHOLD FACE.... rH
S3 MANY OTHER STRONG FEATURES £3
£ T?nnnr»rirßirflTTsTr6Trfi"s in^nnrsTnrirvnnrs «<
Cfi.iLSJLfIJIAJULaJUUI SLSUL2JUL SLSLSISLSUISLSLSLSLSJIJLSU
heaving with admiring glances which
they cast upon the fringe-faced damsel.
"it is a downright shame to spoil the
pretty picture," thought the sergeant;
but spoil it he did by the incisive order:
"Attention, nun; go back to your
beats."
The amorous quintet, on discovering
their superior, stood not upon the order
of going, but went at once in double
quick time, leaving the maiden with the
point lace curtains on her countenance
disconsolate and alone.
Of course, Sergeant Pertin reported
RAILROAD MAGNATES
MUST COME TO TIME
Driven to Salt Lake by the
" Belated Overland,"
Menaced by Competition in Punctuality the
Southern Pacific Deems It Advisable
to Adjust the Time Schedule.
AN exodus of tho gTeat railroad
managers of the Southern Pacific
Company will deplete the yellow
building this week. Third Vice
President J. C. Stubbs, J. A.
Fillmore, Passenger Ag-ent Good
man and Julius Kruttschnltt left last
night for a journey to Salt Lake City,
where they will meet E. O. McCormick,
the head of the passenger traffic depart
ment of tho Southern Pacific and the of
ficials of the Northwestern and Union Pa
citlc railroads. Thoir mission is one of
the cherished secrets that find lodgment
in the nooks and crannies of the Mont
gomery street building, but to the. rail
road men on the street there is but one
reason for the trip, and that is to ar
range a new schedule for the arrival of
Central overland trains.
The Central overland, dubbed the "be
lated," on account of its eccentricity In
reaching this city, has been the butt of
the traveler's wrath and indignation for
several years. Its scheduled time for ar
rival in this city is 8:45 p. m., but the
odds are prohibitive In a betting game
which plays the scheduled time as the fa
vorite. When the train reaches San
Francisco on time the people who await
it or who are passengers on it expect
some great cataclysmic upheaval. It was
the general belief that formerly the train
was purposely delayed to divert traffic to
the Southern route, which was the sole
property of the Southern Paciiic.
At the end of the year the Santa Fe
will have its terminus at this city, and
then the competition for traffic will be
gin. The Southern Pacific realizes that it
must do something to protect Its own in
terests. For several years the complaints
of the traveling public on account of the
uncertainty of Central Pacific trains have
the case to Captain Gillen, who ordered
him to file written charges against his
subordinates who had manifested a pen
chant for a feminine divinity whose
frontispiece is adorned with a "Van
dyke" of colossal proportions. The "cop
pers" now go about singing in muffled
tones the following refrain:
No more we'll succumb to the charms
Of the dame with the beard of fine lacee;
This result we all view with alarm—
Five cithers may now take our places.
All we want is to set ourselves right.
To the public we make an appeal;
We strolled In the freak tent that nl^ht,
.lust to see if her whiskers were real.
! been unheeded, but the new condition of
1 affairs has forced the Southern Pacific
! into a more gracious mood. That is why
all the big men of the company are con
templating a trip to Salt Lake City the
i meeting ground of the officials of the
; connecting roads.
The Northwestern, with terminal points
at Chicago and Omaha, and the Union Pa
cific, running between Omaha and Ogden,
I give the Southern Pacific Eastern connee
! Uons. No matter how late the Central
i Pacific trains would be, the officers in the
Southern Pacific building would always
shift the burden of responsibility upon
the other railroads. With the Santa Fe
In competition with the exclusive, monop
| olizing Southern Pacific, that line can no
longer assume the air of sole proprietor
The conference in Salt Lake City will very
likely result in better service and a
stricter adherence to the regulations of
| the time-table.
WHY THE ELEPHANT ROCKS.
PRESS AGENT HARRISON DOES
NOT KNOW EVERYTHING.
But Big Liz, the Huge Elephant of
the Main Menagerie, Always
Rocks When She Gets Drunk.
"Harripon, why does that elephant rook
all the time? I have been around here
half an hour, and he hasn't let up a
minute." This from a newspaper man to
Mr. J. D. Harrison, the prince of circus
press agents, with the Walter L. Main
Mammoth Show, who takes care of all
comers connected with the press. "That's
his business," said Harrison, "and you
may say he is onto his job. I have been
keeping tab on him off and on for a num
ber of years, and he doesn't stop for more
than five minutes at a time. Last night
a kid came along, holding his father's
hand. The youngster started in asking
questions when he struck the billboards
outside, and by the time the elephant
corral was reached the old man looked as
though he had been up against the real
thing. First thing the kid pipes out was
that query you made just now: 'Papa.
What makes the elephant rook?' and the
old man took a jerk at his suspenders
and said: 'Oh, he's drunk; run along
now into the circus tent, and don't ask
questions.'
"Of course," continued Harrison, "the
elephant wasn't drunk, but it has hap
pened in my time that the man might
nave been telling the truth. It was when
we were exhibiting in Augusta, Me., last
season, and, owing to the lack of space,
we had to corral the elephants outside
the grounds in a big apple orchard where
a lot of hard cider was stored up in bar
rels in the shade of a big barn. It had
reached that stage when It was pretty
hard for cider and was not quite sour
enough for vinegar: and when Big Liz I
over there got a whiff of it she put her j
foot through the head of a barrel, and in
a jiffy the contents were transferred to
her stomach. Well, say, in about an hour,
when the stuff began to work. Liz was
tied up with a stomach ache and incipient
drunk that was simply paralyzing. She
got out of the tnclosurt) and went tearing |
down Augusta's business streets, spout
ing muddy water through the show win
dows and terrifying everybody. After a
while we caught ber, and it took three !
barrels of strong soda water to sober her
up. I tell you when I first caught sight
of her I felt like throwing up my job.
but, between you and me, that wasn't j
anything to what Big Liz threw up. Go
ask Willie Sells why the elephant rocks.
Ire knows a lot about elephants that he
never tells to anybody."
» ♦ «
Democratic Convention.
It has not been decided by the leaders
of the Democratic convention when the
municipal convention will convene. It was ]
thought that Friday night had been set
tled on. but it will not be definitely known
until to-day whether the convention will
be . called then or next Monday evening.
The committee on platform and resolu
tion of the Democratic Municipal Conven
tion will meet at the County Committee
rooms next Thursday evening. ;•;-
-■'.•: . » ■ '
Banqueted Minnesotans.
T.nst evening Company X of the First
California tendered a banquet to the •
corresponding company of the Thirteenth
Minnesota?. In the. early part of the
evening a committee of Company E of
the First California repaired to the
Presidio, and thence escorted their gal
lant brethren to California Hall, where
the affair took place. There was
quite a contrast between the guests and
hosts, the California boys being attired
in civilian clothing and the sons of
Minnesota in Uncle Sam's best.
. . — ■ ♦ ■
Death of Mrs. Julia Middick.
Mrs. Julia Middick, one of the pioneers
of the State, died last Thursday at her
home in San I^eandro, Alameda County.
She was 90 years and 5 months old. De
ceased came to California in 1850. settling
at the prosperous mining camp of Rough
and Ready. She was a woman of educa
tion and refinement, and was closely iden
tified with the early history of the State.
THE EMPORIUM.
* Ladi/s' Hair- TUEYUIIAMI I Hl'JI "a/f» Orna' ♦
• ssslss! Ilil ti | !rpß|||i|sa-fts- ;
> Hair' P.^OoWefiJtnßeßakXAar. ™ ijr^ 5/ sw/ " *
» dressing CAUFORniAS.iMGEST=ANERias CRAHDEST STORE- m HaTr-clre^n* J
• A&O* ■ -.■ Dept— Main Floor J
J /As. Dry Granulated Sugar To- Day $1.00 %
I Silk Bind Velvet Remnants. %
£ One- Quarter Off* %
* To-day the Big Store offers a choice lot of Silk and J
* Velvet Remnants, consisting of striped, plain and ♦
checked taffetas, plain and figured black silks and satins, ♦
* Foulards, Indias, etc., etc. A large part of these remnants are *
* very desirable lengths for shirt waists and coat linings. A *
.$ special reduction of 25 per cent for this day only. *
fr — ___^_^^______^_ 2J
% $5 and $6 Trousers, $2.90 *
% For the Balance of the Week. %
* We bought the entire stock of William Cregar, who is retiring from £
& • business, at less than cost of making. Fine new worsteds in «
* striped effect?, silk sewn and splendid fitting, you • choice of hundreds of *
•> pairs of $5 and $6 punt? this week for. $2*BO S[
_^ — — — — __ _____ ____ y«
* Special Sale Under muslin Three special %
X Underskirts. Specials. t^SJZ. \
,f> Our special Ladies' Muslin Skirts, with deep ruffl?, *
£, sale to-day • j^ffi^ an<^ e^ e cf deep embroidery with *
4» to close— '-/ tfsZ/W\ under ruffle, special to-day, each B So
* Under- ''mf'f^-''-ltPn Indies' Corset Covers, two styles— one V ♦
#1 ski t3 | '//'•■'. >P nec ' c an( * one rour(^ nec ' £ both lace */
* madras ill! 11 1 1 Ah trimmed. sizes 32 to 4'), regularly 75c -X
* cheviots ■ JJSk^^Ml 6ech> special . to - da - v • sOc 5
A and lawns, _-?Px!s£~PwV Ladies' Cambric Chemise, yoke of lace 'if
£ some a c- pSsStifiiiilfiifi^SS^ edge ard insertion, with baby ribbon, a<*
«V cordion iS^M^rW^W ! Lo ° v '' ue ' Special to " day "- 7Sc *
> r\! j^^Swa Siikolines " I
* flounced, ?Wiil*m%rFvirtmsA*^ for Comforters. I
J some $J*jgS3^si>^ for Comforters*
*> ruffled, ... For this day on.y we offer a case of 3000 2
* some braid-trimmed, var'ous colors, I yards 0: Sc and 10c siikolines — fully 2
* always sold at $?.95, $3.45 an i $4.95, 36 inches wide— in good patterns for *
.J the price to-day, each $I*'}Q Comforters and drrp-ries,"per *
t Shirt Waist s™ »* ba.Millinery Three big price |
1 *-, g3ins for early C necials reductions fir this y
* specials* coj^zr'']***?!***: -- *
lEn ugh of the c Shut Wai t* ti last all A ' OOnt n ° f '^n "^SC b ; aCk and ■ T^* 8 |
* day.but the prettiest ones Igo first. P om P ons 40 « valuss. "P^i^o- *
+ $I.oo.Percale Spirt Waists stripes and L , ; g" '^ 'B^^" Torus' Qu'lT new J
t checks „ vancus c.lors. all s.zes on ? each, Q s P? cial^ |
,■> special sale t -day only #fiC f j ay j
■{ $1.25 and $!.5O Shirt Waists, percale, Hand Painted * 3 fall"an"! 'winter 2
* and gingham,, all colos, in pretty noV3 : I J^ '  to . d r J
2 str pad effects, all si c?, on special sale _,_v J r"^^'» " o_-^. *
{ to-day only . 330 J aCh ' '•'''' ' Tr** 9 S 1
J 1 We are shewing more trtmm'd hats at ™
a ; lowe' prices than ever before in our J
* Hn«SM**r*W Two big Specials *'«<"'->'' an incomparable stock from J
*J. m-< for this day only, which to selec your winter headvear. £
♦ Specials* TStCSeSOUp «
t Boy and TtlCSe SOUp
_. S ir l s ' ~~ Jjpl ■ Strainers, 19c* *
* Fast 'r-w ' /JBraJ i?l ;3 ti • *
* Black /^ if:' 1 I ;^ tra I
I Cotton %ll lf g r c e a ; 7 'tLr-~^£o^^ I
£ ribbed, 'fyk«N3S/7f Strain-^ _ . v"' ' *
* extra IV "T\ "^ ers> 7 :ncie^ wide, with side loop and J
* heavy— /// $11 )l) '^' handle, reguiarly 35c each, a limited *
* ' ma:e quantity on specia sac to-day only <$
J of double-twisted maco yarn, fu 1 at ..lOb *
? double knee, regularly 25c a pair, ■ m «
2 Wednesday on ~ 16c TOliet To-day ony we «
J : ~ «>»«»■• 2 1 2C. Wlll 86 Castile 2
J 9Oap, £\2C* akj'a Castile J
* Latlicf 9 Equestrian Toilet a..d Bath.Soap, large si*e cakes " 2
a, Drawers — A lot of 5 dozen only, that 2 for Sc ig
Xk were very slightly damaged in transit,
» black wool, Swiss ribb'd. our r gular Stationers Tvo *>'g bjrgians *
* $1.25 garment, on Wednesday or >%***'%" rT^ for this B day J.
* perpvr..... BScSpeGtaiS* in ly. *
— — Writing's L3gral Size Typewriting Paper, ♦
* nstninn An excellent, solid, midiura or heavyweight, one-ream box, ♦
t trtfillWW heavy, we 1 - napped SJO sheets, Wednesday cnly 98c *
J rlannCl* Canton Fiarnei, Empress Bo - d Writ Paper — Tne square J
£ bleached, full width, splendid 10c yard shape, 24 sheets of paper ad 25 en- v
A value, on special sale for thi» day velopes, ;n cream, pink, or helioro
s> on iy ...-7 -sC| for Wednesday only ...12c t
TEACHERS ASSURED
THEIR SALARIES
AUDITOR WELLS GUARANTEES
THEM PROTECTION.
Bergerot Must Make Affidavit Each
Month That Their Claims Are
Paid.
Auditor Wells and the Finance Com
mittee of the Board of Education have
taken a firm stand for the school teachers,
and as a result every pedagogue this year
will receive his or her salary.
At the conference between the Auditor
and the committee, which occurred yes
terday morning. Mr. Wells announced to
the Directors that he would comply with
the law of the last Legislature and fix a
teachers 1 salary fund, based upon the sal
ary expenditure of last year. The com
mittee informed Mr. Wells that the de
partment did not need as much by over
$24,000 as was expended for the purpose
in 1898 and requested him to make avail
able for other purposes the ¥2tm surplus
which would accrue each month.
\lr Wells replied that he would agree
to* that olan on one condition, and that
was that President Bergerot should file
an affidavit each month that every teach
er had received his or her salary.
The committee at once saw what pro
tection the Auditor's plan would afford .
the teachers and readily agreed. As a I
result there will be something over $2000
each month to be applied to unpaid claims
or other expense.
CADETS AT THE FAIR.
Reception Committee Greeted Colonel
Sullivan and His Staff.
Last night the friends of the League of
the Cross Cadets were present in fuu
force at the Mechanics' Fair at the Pa
vilion and enjoyed a social reception with
the boys. The reception committee of
the board of directors extended a greet
ing to Colonel Sullivan and staff.
The members of the American Institute
of Mining Engineers were present and ex
amined Mrs. Hearst's university plans
and the various exhibits, and especially
the Filipino village, which has become so
popular since hourly lectures have been
delivered on the habits and customs of
the natives. The programme as arranged
for Olympic Club night to-night is an
elaborate one and embraces fencing, box
ing wrestling, pole vaults, tumbling and
horizontal bar acts. Three acts are to be
put on at once, making it somewhat of a
three-ring circus.
Arrangements are being made for an
international baby show on Cctober 2.
Trustee Healy has also promised to have
THE EMPOBrDM.
a genuine Indian dance on the evening of
the same day. Entries should be made
at once for the baby show. The United
Turners" organization has selected Tues
day, October 3. fur its night. The Odd
Fellows' have selected Monday, October
o
Red Men's Entertainment.
Altahmos Tribe No. 87, Improved Order
of Red Men, of this city, en Thursday
evenlng next, will give a grand entertain
ment in Techau Hall, when some of the
best talent obtainable will take part. One
of the objects of the entertainment is to
draw together the members of the va
rious local tribes to the end that they may
meet and become better acquainted, and
at the same time give such palefaces as
may be present an opportunity of learning
of the benefits and pleasures of Redman
ship. V. F. Northrop, who was the in
structor of the drill team of this tribe,
and who in recognition of his services,
which resulted in the team winning the
trophy offered by the great council, was
presented with a silver tomahawk, is the
chairman of the committee of arrange
ments.
LARGEST
OIL
DEAL
Pacific Coast has ever seen. $1,000,000
paid for the holdings and assets of the
I'nion Consolidated Oil & Transporta-
tion Company. A V>.rtoo,of>o corporation
buying up the valuable oil interests of
California. The rival of the Standard
Oil Company. Refineries to be built,
an<l pipe lines constructed Into San
Francisi-O. Wells down 900 feet. OH
may be struck any moment. 5000 shares
only to be had at $T> per share. Rights
reserved to return all subscriptions re-
ceived after the 5000 shares are taken.
Prospectus free on application.
AMERICAN OIL AND REFINERY
COMPANY,
322-323 PARROTT BUILDING,
SAN' FRANCISCO.
OAKLAND 0FF1CE.... 460 TENTH ST.
56
WEDNESDAY ..SEPTEMBER 27, 1809
JOHN D SFRECKELS. Proprietor. ■
Address Ail Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
ICATIQM OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. 5. F
Telephone Main IS6S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main -:',*.
DELIVERED E" 5 " CARRIERS. '■' CENTS PER WEEK.
■ - H
Terrrf by Mail, Including Postage:
CATLT CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year SO.OO
PAILY CALL. (Including Pur.day Call). € months 3.<>»>
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 3 months .... 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Sinsie Month <*5«
.SUNDAY CALL ■ r.e Year : 1.50
WEEKLY CALL One Year 1-0O
All postmasters are authorize to recelv- subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when .-guested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
.Manager Foreign Adv^rtisinft, .Murquettc Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
PERRY LUKEN6 JR 29 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House; Aucitorium Hotel.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orrheum — Vaudeville.
Columbia— • "Marie Antoinette."
Alcazar— ""The Idler."
Grand Opera-house — "The Drum Major's Daughter."
California Theater— "A Yenuihe Yentleman," Sunday, Oc-
tober 1.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
S evening.
Oiympia, corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
s-u:ro Baths— Swimrainr Races, etc.
Circus — Sixteenth and Folsom streets.
Mechanics" I'avilicr.— Mechanics" Fair and Philippine Ex-
hibit.
Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day.
Excursion— To ganta Cruz. Sunday, October 1.
AUCTION SALES.
By Sullivan & Doyle— This day, at 11 a. m.. Buggies, etc.,
at 527 Sixth street.
By I". J. Barih— This day, at 2 and 7:30 p. m., Japanese Art
Goo'js, at 414 McAllister street.
By Easton. Eldridge & Co.— Tuesday, October 3, at li
Vclock. Heal Estate, at CSS Market street.
<^Si^fc^^& ■
AN ACQUIRED TASTE
Whave referred to the gratifying conservatism
in the Eastern
the imperial is
There are da - that the party is thought
ibject and that its conscience is with
S ator Thurston oi Nebraska says, "I was
:i expansionist," but declares that in arms law is
t, and a civ;', policy for the Philippines must wait
upon the end oi war. Ex Senator Manderson of the
same State goes even further and, after pointing out
that the President is doing his duty now under the
constitution, expressly says that this country can have
no otiier ultimate purpose in the islands short of the
independence and nationality of the people.
Indeed for the strongest expression of the opposite
view one must go to Morgan, Watterson, Scott
Howeil, Denby, Genera! Wheeler, the Democratic
imperialists, and an occasional proselyte, like Senator
Carter.
If the Republican party adopt imperialism it
an acquired taste. The party is mindful of Dewey's
utterances and of General Lawtons latest rep.
expression as to the Filipinos: "It is time for dip
lomacy, time for mutual understanding. These men
are indomitable. All they want is a little justice."
One of the most conspicuous Republican leaders in
the Middle West is Governor Shaw of lowa. A few
months ago he said: "The so-called imperial idea is
one easy to advocate but difficult to defend. You can
go before any audience in the United States and
preach the doctrine of taking all .ye can acquire and
holding all we can get, and meet a ready response.
It i- a very nice sentiment to declare against pulling
down the flag, but it is not, in my opinion, always
the policy to plant the flag wherever chance oppor
tunity is presented." Senator Burrows has shown the
same feeling. Senators Mason, Hale, Wellington and
other Republican leaders have not hesitated to ex
press it, and Senator Hoar is its champion.
The signs multiply daily that the Republican party
does not propose that its position on imperiaJism
shall be dictated by its enemies. In no platform has
it indorsed that policy, and, while some expressions
made in its name are lamentable, tbey are not its ex
pressions. The declaratory resolution of the Senate,
following the ratification of the Paris treaty, is likely
to be the germ of the party's future policy. It will
repudiate the extraconstitutional theories of Denby,
Wheeler and Morgan, and keep in right line with its
history by at once discharging its duty to Republican
principles and observing its responsibility to the
world by nurturing free institutions in the Philippines
and planting there a government which may grow to
be the light of Asia.
It is the duty of good people to strengthen this
party purpose rather than to urge the administration
into a wider departure from it. Christianity cannot
afford the spectacle that would be presented by the
Hawaiians and Filipinos, the only races in the
Pacific Ocean and the Orient that have accepted th?
rule of the Prince of Peace, despoiled of their coun
try and their birthright by those who taught them the
plan of salvation.
If they are to furnish such a melancholy example of
injustice, all Christian missionaries would better be re
called from the far lands where they labor for the
saving of souls, for the difference shown between
Christian precept and Christian practice will be so
great as to make Christianity a hiding and a by
word among the heathen.
If the Christian religion suffer itself to become
merely the forerunner of political conquest, no right
minded man can question the right of civil govern
ment in all unconquered Asiatic countries to rigidly
exclude it as the Western nations exclude anarchy,
nihilism and all cults which come to teach defiance
of the civil authority and deny the right of govern
ment to govern.
From this 6tern and inexorable logic of the situa
tion there is no escape. Emotional appeals to the
impulsive do not answer nor evade it. Recurrence
to the primitive idea of Providence as working its
purposes in the slaughter of the innocent and rob
bery of the unoffending is offensive to common
sense.
Let it be written to be read in the future among
the ruins of a Christianity which weakly identified it
felf with the cruelties of conquest; if these converted
people are defeated in their aspirations born in their
new faith, that faith will not only fade from their
minds, but will lose its influence on the very people
who have used it as a foothold for commercial greed,
territorial spoliation and criminal nergrcs?ion. The
Republican party does not propose to be the agent in
such a downfall.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1899.
HOME EDUCATION AND CULTURE.
ON. Monday. October 16, The Call will begin the publication of a series of papers
designed for the general interest of all readers, but particularly for those who wish
to undertake courses of study either in the privacy of the home circle or in associa
i tion with others. The series will be published every day, except Sunday, and the papers of
: each series will bear such relations as to form an unbroken continuity of instruction from
first to last. The work is to be done under the direction of Seymour Eaton, formerly of the
Drexel Institute of Philadelphia.
The series will include six courses of study. On each Monday and Thursday of the
1 week there will be papers on Shakespeare; on Tuesdays, a succession of articles on the
! world's great artists; on Wednesdays there will be two courses presented— studies
, for girls., and shop and trade studies for boys; on Fridays the papers will deal with great
i American statesmen; and every Saturday there will be a study on some subject of home
( science and household economy.
These courses are not to be hastily arranged for idle reading merely. Each will be
! under charge of men of eminence in criticism and education, and will merit the consider
' ation of the most learned and the most thoughtful. To the Shakespearean studies Ed
ward Dowden of the University of Dublin; William J. Rolfe. editor and commentator of
■■ one of the best of recent editions of Shakespeare's works; Hiram Corson of Cornell Uni
versity; Hamilton Mabie, associate editor of the Outlook, and Isaac Demmon of the Uni
versity of Michigan, will contribute. In addition to the leading studies by the contributors
named there will be a number of special side studies of Shakespeare by other writers and
j professors hardly less eminent.
; The course in American history will review the policies and the services of a list of
' sixteen distinguished statesmen, covering the periods of the nation's development from
i trie times of Samuel Adams and Patrick Henry to those of Charles Sunnier. These pa
! pers will be contributed by well-known historians or professors of history in our best uni
j versities. Among them will be such men as John Bach McMaster, Albert Bushnell Hart
I and others. The great artist series will include biographies and critical studies of four
teen of the most noted painters of the world from Titian to Meissonier.
In the department of household economy studies will be given in the home health
ful and beautiful; the buying, cooking and serving of food; the social life of the home,
! and the care and education of children. The leading contributors to the department 'will
|be Mrs. Helen Campbell, Mrs. Margaret E. Sangster, Mrs. Kate Gannett Wells, Miss !
! Lucy Wheelock and Miss Anna Barrows. The course of desk study for girls will include
I instruction in new words and how to use them; correspondence and handwriting; reading
i courses and a girl's library; personal accounts and money affairs, and writing for publica- 1
I tion. The shop and trade studies for boys will include arithmetic of the workshop, draw
| ing for mechanics, arithmetic of the counter and office, money problems and business
records, and machine drawing and design. Each of these courses ' will be under compe
: tent instructors, and the study will be useful practically to all who earnestly undertake it.
;i; In beginning the publication of such a series of papers The Call is not undertaking
a fad. It is but supplying a legitimate demand of the public upon a progressive news
paper. Popular education in America has resulted in producing a community where thou
; sands of people desire to continue to be students as long as they live, and to widen with
j each succeeding year the horizon of their knowledge. From that desire came the estab
j lishment of reading or scientific circles, then the demand for public libraries, next the
I favor shown to lectures on topics- of an educational value. Out of that same desire came
i the growth of the wide-spread Chautauqua Society and the recent movement known as
; university extension, which is doing so much to bring the public* into touch with the I
centers of learning.
The educational series of The Call will supplement all of these studies. They can be
| followed with interest and instruction by all reading societies, Chautauquans and univer
\ sity extension clubs. They are, moreover, more convenient than any of such clubs, be
cause they can be followed in the home itself. They entail no extra cost. They are for the ■
home and the culture of the home, and as such will be welcome to that class of readers
i which The Call delights to serve.
CALIFORNIA MINES FIND MINERALS.
CALIFORNIA MINKS AND MIXFRALS h
the comprehensive title given to an attractive
volume issued by the California Miners' Asso
ciation, under the direction of Secretary Edward H.
Benjamin, -as a souvenir of the meeting in this city
of the American Institute of Mining Engineers.
The contents of the work are as comprehensive
as the title, and the volume constitutes a true com
pendium oi the mines and the mineral resources of
the State. Many of the articles were written by ex
perts who are established authorities on the subjects
with which they deal. The book is in no sense a
"boom" volume designed to attract attention of the
general public, though it might well serve for that
purpose. On the contrary, it is a careful compilation
of the facts of the mining industry r,f the State. It i-;
a volume which will repay the careful study of mining
engineers and mining investors, and will doubtless
receive it from both.
While a. work of this kind, forming a general sum
mary of the whole mineral industry, giving a treat
ment of the subject by counties as well as by the dif
ferent kinds of minerals produced, could not in the
nature of things go much into detail, yet it is to be
noted the articles are in no sense lacking in specific
statement or in as much of detail as is necessary to an
understanding of the topic reviewed. In short, the
work is a really valuable addition to the industrial
literature of California, and will prove of great value
in many v.
Considerable praise is due to the handsome man
ner in which the volume is made up. It is one of the
best specimens of bookmaking ever devoted to an in
dustrial subject. It is printed in large, clear type on
a fine quality of paper, is beautifully illustrated and at
tractively bound. It constitutes, in fact, a souvenir
number worthy of the Miners' Association of the
richest mineral State in the Union.
The story that Cornelius Vanderbilt inherited
$50,000,000 and left a fortune valued at $125,000,000
is hardly correct. There is probably a good deal of
exaggeration in both figures. Still, the increase is
sufficient to show how rapidly vast accumulations
roll up even when the owner does nothing to ad
vance them, but on the contrary spends millions in
the construction of palaces and in the maintenance
of all sorts of luxurious forms of living.
There was a time, celebrated in Gilbertian opera,
when "Queen Victoria ruled the waves." That time
has passed, as Johnny Bull has found when he en
tered the market to secure ships to carry his troops
to South Africa. He found to his sorrow that Uncle
Sam had cornered the market in transports plying
between San Francisco and the Philippines.
Archaelogists are very much excited over the dis
covery of a lot of ruins near Guadalajara, Mexico. At
first they were supposed to be those of a city of the
Aztecs, but fears are now entertained that something
may be found that will connect them with the his
toric, though ill-fated, Baldwin Hotel.
r
There seems to be reason even for slang. You
have often heard of some person looking like thirty
cents. The coiner of that expression must have had
in mind Assessor Dodge and the thirty cents he has
taken from the pocket of each poor man who has
been compelled to pay poll tax.
The retention of Professor McNaughton as prin
cipal of the State Normal School at San Jose in spite
of the strong protest of the Alumni Association is re
sulting as was expected. The school is in an uproar
and the students, in revolt, declare that they will
strike.
A RAILROAD TO INDIA.
NOT with mighty military armaments and power
] ful navies only are the great nations of Europe
' contending with one another for supremacy.
By granting large subsidies to merchant vessels they
are waging the commercial contest on every sea and
at every port of the globe, and moreover they are
as far as possible constructing railway lines in such
a manner as to be of service to their people in the
industrial competition.
The vast project which Russia is pushing forward
in the establishment of a railway across the northern
part of Asia has stimulated the British to consider
the feasibility of constructing a line to the south
which would bring British India into railway com
munication with the Mediterranean. The franchise
for such a line must of course emanate from the
Turkish Government, as it would have to pass for
a long distance through the "territory of that empire,
and it appears there is now a pretty sharp diplomatic
struggle going on to obtain it.
The objection to the British scheme has come
mainly from the Germans, who for a long time have
been working for industrial and commercial suprem
acy in Turkey and particularly in the Asiatic portion
of that empire. Lately, however, it seems the French
and the Russians have become interested in the mat
ter, and the latter are decidedly antagonistic to both
the Germans and the British, for they are themselves
building a line of railway to the Persian Gulf. The
Vienna correspondent of the. London Times in com
menting upon the situation as presented at the Aus
trian capital says:
"These energetic protests would seem to indicate
that the realization of one of the competing railway
schemes is now looked upon as a not very remote
possibility. Another explanation of the hostility
which finds expression in the Russian press may be
the recognition that in the race to the Persian Gulf
Russia is for the moment seriously handicapped. A
' combination of financial with technical difficulties of
: exceptional gravity will postpone the desired exten
'. sion of the Transcaspian Railway system for a long
time to come. The disinclination of certain foreign
| money markets to make new loans, together with
! the constant and heavy drain upon the Russian
' Treasury for the Siberian Railway, the Far East, and
i the further development of the army and navy, will
necessarily cripple and delay the operations in Per
sia. In ttese circumstances it is quite conceivable
\ that the progress of such powerful and wealthy com
: petitors as Germany and Great-Britain should excite
a little jealousy in St. Petersburg."
It is said the structural difficulties of the road
would be , comparatively slight, and under either
I British or German control it would be easy to ob
tain the money to construct it. It is quite probable,
therefore,. that a new route to India may soon follow
the opening of the Siberian road even if it do not pre
, cede it.
= =
Patrolman Thomas Naylor has fallen heir to a for
tune left by an uncle. When he resigns from the force
in this city he will quit rounding up the Chinese of
San Francisco and take to chasing the "yellow boys"
in Philadelphia.
Admiral Dewey has given his fellow-countrymen
another specimen of the way he has of slipping into a
harbor in the gray dawn to furnish a surprise.
•
The next thing we know the Liquid Air Trust will
be trying to corner the air supply and then the world
will gasp and catch its breath. .-,'.
: The oil men of California are certainly making the
i way smooth for prosperity. Three new companies
j were incorporated yesterday. ;
. .,. . ..... .
OUR NATIONAL DUTY.
The Question of Expansion and Annexation
of the Philippines.
By FrcmK. H Short.
1 WROTE and published at some
length in December, IS9S, my views
upon the question of the propriety,
advantage and expediency of annex
ing the Philippine Islands. At that
time the presumption was that without
force and substantially by their consent
the Philippine Islands and their inhabi
tants could be annexed and become a part
of our country practically by the consent
of the inhabitants, either as a modified
colonial acquisition or in the shape of
Territories having in view that they
might ultimately become an integral part
of the United States. The situation as it
now exists is much less favorably viewed,
either from a consideration of expediency
or right and justice.
While the San Francisco Chronicle oc
cupies the position of advocating that
the islands shall be annexed as Terri
tories and prospective States, no other
great journal and no leading statesman
has taken this position. So this one paper,
being quite alone in its advocacy of state
hood and citizenship for the Philippines,
it is fair to assume that the question is
now one of granting them independence
or annexing them for colonial purposes
in one form or another. . .;
Since my former article an open rupture
has occurred between this country and
the islands and a continued and aggres
sive warfare has been carried on. So the
present situation is one where we have
purchased the islands and their inhabit
ants from Spain and are prosecuting a
war to enforce our dominion and sov
ereignty, so called, over them. This at
tempt is evidently quite as much against
their consent and will as was the attempt
of King George to continue his sov
ereignty over our colonies, and their op
position is apparently more unanimous
than was ours, because there exists in
the Philippines apparently nothing cor
responding to the Tory party in this
country during the Revolution. *
The maintenance of the position form
erly taken upon this question is more em
barrassing tnan at the time of my former
article upon this subject, for the reason
that at this time we are engaged In an
actual and more or less important war in
which it becomes the duty of every citi
zen whatever his view may be of the
real right or wrong of the controversy
to give his support to the Government
and the army and navy of the Lnited
States, though he may believe and does
believe that the controversy and the war
are unnecessary and the ends sought are
unjust. There is a very radical and im
proper disposition to confound such a po
sition and to undertake to hold all per
sons in opposition to the policy upon tne
grounds of morality and expediency as in
apposition to their own Government ana
its army and navy. The further unpleas
ant complication is that by reason of its
responsible position in connection with
the Philippine question the Republican
party is more or less committed in ad
vance to the policy of annexation, the
continued prosecution of the war and the
further policy of continued domination
over the occupation of these islands; this
latter policy or question being the one
obviously material at this time
The position 1 occupy in this contro
versy is one common with many others
much more prominent in the history and
counsel of the Republican party than I
claim to be. It is therefore of sufficiently
general application to be stated that 1
have no political connections, past, pres
ent or prospective, with any party other
than the Republican party. I be\ieve that
its policies and principles as hitherto
maintained and carried out have been for
the continued advancement and pros
perity of the country along constitutional
and fundamental lines. As founded by
Lincoln and his compatriots it was essen
tially a party of equal rights and civil
liberty to all men of all colors and con
ditions; as matured and subsequently
carried on by Blame and his adherents,
the party is one having equal respect
for civil rights and civil liberty;
its first and foremost principle the doc
trine of protection and reciprocity, the ad
vantages of internal development and
trade as compared with foreign trade and
its consequent necessary dependence upon
international peace and foreign support.
To these policies of the Republican party
I have given my most candid and undi
vided allegiance, have always given it and
now give it the presumption of being
right, unless obviously wrong.
We. have always been taught that ex
cessive party spirit and zeal Is dangerous
to civil liberty and the continuance of re
publican institutions. The predominance
of such a spirit is illustrated by the pres
ent situation. Ther<> can be little question
that if Mr. Bryan had been elected, if the
war had been prosecuted and his admin
istration had adhered to the policy of the
present administration in all of its details,
the majority of the Democratic party would
have been carried with it and would have
now been arrayed on the side of expan
sion; while the Republican party would
have been in practically united opposition.
This is more plainly true when we come
to consider that the acquisition of foreign
territory and the furtherance, of foreign
commerce means an ultimate and inevit
able destruction of the doctrine of protec
tion; therefore the Republican party is
naturally the opponent of the policy of
expansion, and if Here could be any nat
ural support of the policy Its support
could come and come alone from the
branch of the Democratic party ultra free
trade and gold standard. So the fortunes
(if war ar.d of politics have placed the
Republican party where nothing but party
enthusiasm and supposed party loyalty
could have placed it. It is the spirit of
party dominating not only the national pol
icy of the country, but actually subvert
ing the fundamental principles of the
party itself.
So that I may not be misunderstood. I
desire to say that while I stand in un
changeable opposition to the policy of ex
pansion or imperialism, whichever it may
be called, I do so wholly within and as a
member of the Republican party, and
with no thought of allegiance or alliance
; with any other party. Every party has
: many principles and it is hardly possible
that a member of independent mind could
' give full support to every varying prin
ciple of his party. In this Instance the
principle Involved Is of such overshad
: owing importance that fealty and loyalty
j to party does not in my Judgment, and
could not, mean silence or acquiescence.
The policy cannot be the policy of the Re
publican party until it. In its representa-
I tive capacity and in convention, has so
| declared. When this event has transpired,
I as It plainly may and probably will, while
I I cannot and do not expect to give any
1 countenance or support to the policy and
' shall labor as far as I can to assist In re
versing it, overthrowingitand defeating it.
I shall nevertheless do so as a member of
and within the Republican party, labor-
Ing not for the destruction of my party,
but for its return, to those- principles that
thus far have proved sufficient in every
trial, not only, sustaining the party but
advancing the prosperity of the country;
fully realizing in the meantime, however,
'■■ that any party usefulness will '.be im
; paired, and that in order to stand by and
! advocate what I conscientiously believe. I
shall be misunderstood by my political
friend?, and that all political preferment.
i if 'ever .thought of, must be abandoned
I and laid aside.
If the question Involved was one of
mere trade; whether, money should be of
i two kinds or on" kind; whether taxation
' should be of one kind or another; whether
a State should have a little more or a lit
tle less rights as against the general
I Government, a" person might be justified
1 in yielding at least silence and aeaules
cenceto a policy with which he did not
agree; but when the question Is one that
involves the fundamental rights of man.
the -fundamental, objects, duties and obli
! gations of a democratic : form of govern
■ ment, there is no honorable ground for a
■ citizen of the country viewing the matter
, in this light, except to oppose such an in
; novation and subversion of principles with
| all his strength and energy. regardless of
i the resuUs to himself or his party. Dis
respect for the rights of the black m.m
or the brown man lend to ultimate disre
spect for the rights of the white man.
It-Is in this spirit that I further present
.my views upon th Is subject. It is proper
in advance to- say that the declaration
made. early in the history of this country
—although Bounding somewhat extreme:
"My country: may she always be right,
but 'always : my country" — Is a true state
j ment of the duties of a citizen of the
United States. Tn proportion to his coun
try's needs It is as much the duty of a
citizen to enlist and serve ;in the" army
and navy of the United States, advance,
protect and defend its fine: at this time,
as at any other time in the history of our
country.^ No policy of rlpht or wrong, no
ouestlon of ; what we should, or should not
do. can be determined by pivinp aid or
i comfort Jto a': foretell : : country - in i time i a
PART I.
war, or in any way contributing to the de
feat of our own armies or to the success
of foreign armies.
I therefore wish to be distinctly under
stood as advocating the support of the i
administration, and so long as the Gov
ernment carries on the war in the Philiu
pines those who enlist are entitled to th«
same recognition and same honor, the I
same loyalsupport irom every citizen, as
would be accorded in any other war. i
While I should vote against every meas
ure looking to a continuance of the pres- i
ent policy, nevertheless so long as the j
war was continued or the policy was en- i
forced I should give every assistance pos- i
sible to the full support of the Govern- j
ment and the full and successful prosecu-
Uon of the war. This much is plain: the
duty of a citizen is always with his coun
try. The further duty is also plain, that
where a citizen does not believo that his
country is on the right side or pursuing
the right policy It is his duty with equal i
vigor to labor for and advocate the return
of his country to fundamental principles ■
and right policy. Take the present situa
tion, for instance, and concede it is the
duty of a citizen to give all the support
outlined to the Government; where the
citizen believes that the continuation and
ultimate establishment of the policy
sought would subvert democratic princi
ples and weaken if not ultimately destroy
his Government, it is then the duty of
the citizen within his country to fight
such a policy with even more determina
tion, if possible, than he would resist »
foreign roe; for, while there i.s no appre
hension that any foreign foe can destroy
this country. It is admittedly True that
such a result lies easily with the citizens
of this country.
T ■ those cheerfully assuming that lib
erty and democratic self-government can
not" be in any danger we reaffirm that the
old and undisputed aphorism that "eter
nal vigilance is the price of liberty" is
always true, and that this free and dem
ocratic people, with as much facility as
the republics of ancient times, may fritter
away and destroy a democratic Govern
ment even more rapidly than such a re
sult was accomplished In former tlmf-s.
It was never the Intention of any people
to destroy a free Government. They
never thought they were doing so un
til the destruction had been accom
plished; and therefore in this regard the
utmost vigilance should be exercised; j
even the appearance of evil in such a i
direction should he avoided. The pres- I
ent high and haughty assumption that
anything a republican form of govern
ment has done or may do is consistent is
to my mind the most dangerous and un
republican doctrine that could be dissemi
nated.
The expansionists now generally concede
that if. as they state it, the fortunes of
war and the requirements of duty had
not forced the Philippines upon us i
it would be best if we were entirely rid
of the whole problem and responsibility.
As to this idea of being in entire control .
of the situation and nevertheless forced
to assume a position or policy contrary :
to the real interest of the American peo- I
pie, such an assumption should be given
no countenance, and for it I have little :
respect. To the world and to mankind
and human liberty the condition and char
acter of the government in the Philip
pines is of little consequence, perhaps not :
in a very great degree to the Filipinos
themselves, but In the preservation of
this government In Its simplicity and j
purity, the whole world and the whole
future of humanity has a deep and abid- i
Ing interest.
While no one would advocate any cruel
or inhuman policy or disregard of na
tional duty, the assumption that national
duty lies along lines hitherto unfollowed
and inconsistent with our principles of i
government and previous declarations is a
most dangerous and destructive assump- <
tion. The whole contention that we are
carrying on a relentless war out of a
sense of duty to a people that we are
in arms against is so sophistical and il
logical and well known by even ourselves '.
to be false, that it is a shame that so j
frank a people should be driven to or
should resort to such a subterfuge.
It was said, I think. In France during
the Revolution" with great truth., "O lib
erty, liberty, how many crimes in thy '
name have been committed!" And to those j
opposed to the present policy one of the j
most objectionable features is that we ar t 
attempting to enforce our jurisdiction and
control upon an unconsenting people in j
the name of liberty.
The poet wished that the gods could
"some good gift give us to see ourselves ,
as others see us." In this instance we
have practically an opportunity to real
ize the poet's dream if we would avail
ourselves of it. For 300 years and over
the Government of Spain, without the
consent of the governed, has extended its !
jurisdiction to the remotest parts of the
earth. During all these years Spain has
pursued her course of greed and conquest
with the most fulsome pretenses of piety
love and desire for the amelioration of
her subjects. As very forcibly put by
Senator Thurston. when he stood in op
position instead of imitation of her un
lovely policy, quoting the substance of
what he said: "Spain has set up more I
crosses in more countries and under it j
has assassinated more human beings i
than all other countries." We have seen !
her always proceeding in the name of
Christ and under the cross; we have seen
her in his name and under the cross ef
face from the map of the world whole
countries and obliterate and destroy the
Peruvians and Aztecs, bringing poverty,
desolation and death to untold millions
of people, all in the name of the Prince
<>!' IVace and the author of human rights.
and democracy, and under the emblem of '
his rule and in solemn, holy and sacri- :
legious pretenses of christianizing and i
ameliorating the condition of the people '
that they robbed, subjugated and de- j
Btroyed. The cross is dear to every
Christian, and the flag to every Ameri
can and every lover of liberty "through- !
out the world. It does not better an un
christian deed that it is done under the |
cross; it does not improve an undemo
cratic proceeding that it is conducted un- i
der the American flag. The cross is the j
emblem of morality and justice, the flag j
of liberty and law. The cross and the i
pretenses carried on under it deceive no
one as to the greedy purposes and em- !
bitious designs of Spain. The use of I
the flag we love so well and the pretenses
of human and democratic purposes, but ■
faintly believed in the beginning, ?nd !
doubtless to be wholly and practicaliy
unrealized in ihe efld, deceive no one and
cannot relieve us, even in the forum ot
our own conscience and much less in tnt !
judgment of the world from having de
parted from the high plane of humanity
that we have hitherto occupied among the '
nations of the world.
It is said that we mean to giv« the peo
ple we subject good and just laws. 1 hope
if this policy prevails that some little of !
this will be realized, but as far <is wo
have gone there seems little to expect r.r
hope for. It is well to remember, exc> pt
from our own point of view, that we are
not much better or worse than others, \
and that in our attempt to solve the race i
problem in the South we have proven
more incompetent to handle and settle it !
than any other question with which we I
have been com'ronted. It is admittedly
true that it is the most perplexing and '
menacing subject with which we are at
tempting to deal, and it would seem an j
unaccountable folly to seek more trouble '
of the same kind existing under more dif- !
ficult conditions.
The expansionists say that we have be
come a world power. If by this it is meant
that we have become a peer of or upon
an equality with the five or six other groat
powers of the world, so called, it is but
the evidence of an alarming retrogression
This country for at least a quarter of a
j century has been the great power of the
world; in the advantages of its position
in its reserved military strength in its'
progress, in its increased financial re
| sources, in the loyalty and intelligence of
its citizens, it has been, and is. inestima
bly in advance of any other power in the
world. To feel elated that this position
of dominancy of one-half at least of the
world, and of great moral influences
throughout the other portion, and of un
questioned loyalty to democratic govern
, ment, has been in a degree, or is to be
substituted for a position of equality
among the imperial powers of the world"
indicates in an alarming degree, if true'
the tendency of the American mind aw.iv
from Americanism and democracy toward
imperial and military power. It is w. 11
to bear in mind that all this argument
has been with ourselves; that we the
beneficiaries, are sitting in this case as
lawyer, judge and jury, and the amount
of argument that we are having with our
selves would indicate that we have a
rather weak case— a case that if w<> had
to present to an impartial judge or an im
partial jury would never be presented at
all.
It is historically true that probably no
country or despotic ruler thereof ever un
dertook to extend his Jurisdiction over an
other country or people without asserting
some claim of night and an additional de
sire to benefit, not only his own country.
hut the country and people subje^tM.
Alexander is reputed to have rather terse.
ly put it: "If I have destroyed cities and
countries. I have founded greater." The
Caesars destroyed civil liberty in Rome
as it had previously existed, and thoueb:
they had more than rtoompensf
Roman people by giving th-m an imperial
army and imperial power and the imperial
city of marble, substituted for th
Roman town of wood. But in the light i f
subsequent history the exchange is not
reputed to have been to the advantage or
the Roman people.
If it could be determined In advance
that our purpose in annexing the Philip
! pines was to acquire them as colonial suo
jects and not as prr - s. un
doubtedly we could not do so under trio
; constitution; but since there is no mean:-
--! of enforcing the admission that we ar^
; assuming jurisdiction over them without
: ever intending to afford them dtlze
i the constitution affords little prot
' because it has been constru/a to coi
I plate the admission of territories and m
-1 habitants without the right of immediate
; citizenship, but with the view of pros
i nective citizenship, and since such right
i of prospective citizenship cannot be Ii -
! nied in advance the provisions of tn<
stitution afford no means of prof
' again=t the procedure contemplated. Bu-.
: obviously, if it could be spread upon the
1 records that we were bringing in colonies
1 and subjects, the constitution would pr*
; sent an 'impassable barrier, and whl
! may be doing this as a matter of fact
I the fact cannot be put upon the r
and therefore avails nothing. In our con
i stitution and schema of government, as
; interpreted by the federalist papers and
: our official procedure land it will be found
I within the whole s^ope thereof), there is
i not one word or line providing for or
I authorizing jurisdiction over subjr
colonies. Citizens and States alon
mplated. But the spirit of the con
i stitution may avail little, for the n
■ that the continuance of the present r
I tions, or the intent that they shall be
tinued. cannot be determined. For I
reasons it has been uninteresting to me
to discuss at length the constitutional
question involved.
POSTAGE ON SUNDAY CALL.
SUNDA V CALL wrapped ready
for mailing — postage 2c to all
points in United States, Canada
and Mexico, and 4c to all for-
eign points.
THE DEWEY BADGE.
MEDAL-TO BE PRESENTED BY THE
UNITED STATES TO THE OFFI
CERS AND MEN WHO SERVED
IN THE SQUADRON UNDER
ADMIRAL DEWEY IN THE VIC
TORY OF MANILA BAY.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
CHENOWETH-CARROLL TRAGEDY
A. C.R., .City. The killing of Richard T.
Carroll by John M. Chenoweth occurred
in the office of the former at 306 Market
street on the 2Sth of August, IS9O. After
killing Carroll Chenoweth killed himself.
THE BLYTHE ESTATE— O. S.,
City. The Blythe estate has been dis
tributed. Whether the lawyers in tho
case have been paid is a private matter
between the lawyers and the parties who
employed them, consequently there is no
record of settlement.
AUTOMOBILE—C. B.i Oakland. Cal.
As has already been announced in the lo
cal department of The Call, a company
has been organized for the construction
! of automobiles, but it has not "yet been
determined whether they are to be built
in this city or in Stockton, but they will
be used in this city.
MINT MARK—W. G., Stockton. Cal.
The letter D on gold coin of the United
States signifies that the coin was minted
•■ at Dahlonega, Ga., which branch mint
I was opened in 1836, and in which opera
tions were suspended In 1851. The letter
appears only on gold coin of that mint.
A $5 gold piece of 1860 with that mint mark
j upon it has a selling price of from $7 to
$S. but is not such a coin as dealers pay a
premium for.
Every traveler arid visitor should see
j Townsend's display of California Glace
i Fruits, Sue tb, lire-etched boxes, 627 Mkt. •
. ♦ .
Special information supplied ' daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
, gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
—•«
'
Eigh Chief Ranger.
G. A. McElfresh of Los Angeles, high
chief ranger of the Independent Order of
Foresters, will arrive in this city on Sat
! urday, ard on the evening of that day
he will be the guest of the local board of
deputies at a well-known restaurant,
where a banquet will be given in his
honor.
. ♦ .
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
i perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
I the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, regu
lates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from- teething or
other' causes. For sale by druggists in • very
■ part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mr».
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup, 25c a bottle.
Northern Pacific Railway.
Upholstered tourist sleeper through to St.
Paul every Tuesday night. No change. This
car is nicely upholstered In feather and is ex
tremely comfortable in every respect. Pullman
sleeping cars of the latest pattern. on every
train. Tickets sold at lowest rates to all points
East. T. K. Stateler, Gen. A^tt.. 63S Market «..
San Francisco. . :
; ■ ♦ ■ "
Rates.
Cheap
September 29 to October 5 Inclusive, the San
ta Fe Route will sell tickets to Chicago at very
low rates. Occasion, corner-stone laying
Government building- and fall festivities. Get
full particulars at 62S Market street.
• " ' — ' »'♦ ■ -
.HOTEL DEL COROX ADO—Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen days' board aC ho
tel: longer "stay, $2 50 per day. 'Apply at 4 New
Montgomery street,' San Francisco.
.—■ ♦ ■
Age tends to kill the hair and turn It gray.
Parker's Hair Balsam renews color and life.
Uindercurns.: the best cure for corns- '5cADVERTISEMENTS.
if 111 w and
Sweet
Is the Skin Scalp Hair and
Hands Preserved Purified
and Beautified by
It removes the cause of disfiguring eruptions, loss o!
hair and baby blemishes, viz. : The clogged, irritated,
inflamed or sluggish condition of the PORES. CUTI-
CURA SOAP combines delicate emollient properties
derived from CUTICURA, the great skin cure, with the
purest of cleansing ingredients and most refreshing of
flower odors. No other medicated soap ever com-
pounded is to be compared with it for preserving, purify-
ing, and beautifying the skin, scalp, hair, and hands. No
other foreign or domestic soap, however expensive, is to
be compared with it for all the uses of the toilet, bath,
and nursery. Thus it combines in ONE SOAP at ONE
PRICE — namely, 25 CENTS — the best skin and
complexion soap, and the best toilet and baby soap in
the world.
Speedy Cure Treatment for Etching, Burning, Scafy Humors.
H' t Bail* iHtB CDTICURA SO.V! 1 to mm :'ao ekin, gcnt> anointinpß with CUTICURA
OINTMKNT t.) h.:il the - . iof OUTICU&a REB< (LVBNT to cool tho blood.
Prirc, THE.-XT, *!.2. r .; . M N" ;RBSOLVBST(hftie4IM),SOe. Bold
throughout ;ho world. POTTER DRUU ft CHEM. CORP., Sole Prop»., Boston. "HowU
Parify and Beautify Baby'n .Skin, Scalp, Hair, and U.inii«, r> free.
T aiiti Cuilcura Remedies /-> — i T Aiirr Cuficura Remedies «vp
hilly I Full Treatment V lC* hII W ! Full Treatment ||l%£
eVTT \J Cut . Rate Druggists ' t '* c" '* Rate Druesists "^
Drug Co. 1128 Market Street, S. P. Drug Co. 1128 Market Street. S. f.
CORONER'S JURY BLAMES
THE STEVEDORES' FOREMAN
FIXING RESPONSIBILITY FOR
THE DEATH OF J. E. BURKE.
Nobody Seemed to Know That the Ex
plosive Formed Part of the
Cargo Handled on the
Sherman.
Coroner Hill yesterday concluded the
inquest Into the cause of the 6<-u-
John ESdmund Burke, the Btevedoro who
was killed last Saturday by the explosion
r(a box of prim*r« that was tx . I
Into the hold of th<» Government trans
port Sherman. Only two witnesses were
examined, William Andrews and E. 11.
Patterson. Andrews I* foreman of the
stevedores, and his testimony was to the
effect that the box of primers was part
of what is known as regimental baggage
and was not a part of the general freight,
a large quantity of which was composed
of smokeless powder rifle cartridges. Hi
did not see the box of primers, nor the
package containing them, an it was blown
to pieces by the explosion, so that he
could not Bay whether 'the explosives had
been parked in a cartridge box or j
whether they were in a box used only for
primers.
Patterson, the receiving clerk, did not
see the fatal box and knew nothing of its
appearance. Both witnesses freed thai
primer* were dangerous things to handle,
but neither they nor any of the- other
witnesses examined on the preceding day
knew that the box of primers was there.
Several questions were asked by mem
bers of the Jury to fix the responsibility,
but none of the witnesses knew anything
about the primers, or that they were
there at all. an the jury came to the
conclusion that the foreman did not
exercise sufficient care in inspecting the
packages that were being handled by the
men under his charge. They rendered
the following verdict of censure:
That the said John E. Burke, aged
35 years, nativity Brooklyn, N. V.,
occupation stevedore, residence corner
..Mission and East streets In the city
■ana county of San Francisco, came to
his death at the Harbor Receiving
Hospital in said city and county' on
the 23d day of September. I&D'J,
through shock following injuries; and
we do further find that the said John
E. Burke came to his death from an
: j "xnloslon caused by a box of Drimers
' : . ' "
being loaded on the united States
transport Sherman. We further find
that there wiis no precaution taken
to distinguish between safe and un
safe cargo for the transport. We
further find that R. K. Dunne, chief
stevedore, was negligent and careless
in not distinguishing between safe and
unsafe cargo. We charge him with
criminal negligence. We also charge
the manufacturers of said primers
with carelessness in not marking the
box so it could be distinguished from
a box of cartridges. I. Asch, (fore
man). Albert Ritter, J. B. Forne, Sig
mund Riddle, De Vlncuzi, Joseph Kil
hotfer.
The verdict was approved by the Coro
ner.
THE WIND-UP OF THE SEASON.
Excursion to Santa Cruz ' Sunday,
October Ist.
Tickets for the last excursion of the
season to Santa Cruz, which takes
place on Sunday next, the Ist prox.,
are now on sale at the Grand Hotel
ticket office, 811 Market street, at the
extremely low rate of $2.
The trains will be in charge of
Colonel William H. Menton, the South
ern Pacific Company's excursion pas
senger agent, who will see to It that
excursionists are well taken care of.
The climate at this season of the
year at Santa Cruz is at its best, and
besides the many natural attractions of
this beautiful city, arrangements have
been made for a fine programme of
music and boat races, which -will take
place on the beach.
The boat leaving the narrow sruaee
ferry, foot of Market street, at 7:45
a. m., will connect with trains at Ala
meda mole, and sufficient accommoda
tions will be in readiness so as to pre
vent any overcrowding.
Five hours will be allowed at the sea
shore, and excursionists will return to
San Francisco at 8:05 p. m.
'— _ — ; « ♦ ■
Ancient Order of Foresters.
The combined courts of this city of the
Ancient Order of Foresters will this even
ing give an entertainment and ball in
Union Square-Hall. A number of artists
In their particular lines, have volunteered
and the programme promises to be an in
teresting and entertaining one. The en
tertainment will be under the direction of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. 1899.
NEWS FROM VOLUNTEER CAMPS
DISCHARGED MEN
AS THE GUESTS
OF GOVERNMENT
They Will Be Paid at
Once.
1
The men who came home from Manila
are out at the Presidio, or at least there
are a good many of them, and they form
one of the queerest camps that the war
has yet established. They are men dis
charged but still under the wing of the
Government; they are not subject to mil
itary discipline, but they are under the
orders of the officers in charge of the re
cruits, and although they have been dis
charged they must conform to the regula
tions of the post and to the orders of the
officers over them. It Is a camp which
the men may live in or leave, as they
choose— a sort of hotel kept by the Gov
ernment, with the discharged men as its
guests.
Not all the men who came in on the
Para are taking advantage of the Gov
ernment's hospitality, however. There are
not more than 400 men there now, but
there will be more before the paymasters
have finished their work. A great many
of the men went at once to their homes
here in the city, and others, who had
some money, sought freedom at once and
did not even Join the parade that passed
up the street or the crowd that made its
way to the ferry building and breakfasted
with the committee of reception and wel
come.
The men came ashore about 8 o'clock,
and the breakfast was not over until after
9. During the meal Mayor Pholan spoke
to the men, the burden of his remarks
being the expression of the hope that they
would make as good citizens, now that
they had been mustered out, as they were
soldiers while in service.
The breakfast being over, the officers
who had come down from the recruit
camp at the Presidio to take charge of
the men formed those who showed a will
ingness to parade into line and marched
them up Market street. There was no
band with the column; two had been
promised and neither had come, so the
men marched in silence except for trie
cheer that now and then would break out
from the people on the sidewalk.
No time was lost by the department in
starting the payment of the men. Four
paymasters were at the Presidio yester
day afternoon and they commenced work
at "once. A pay office was established in
one of the old wooden barracks and the
men were lined up to turn in their papers.
The paymasters are Major George W.
Fishback, Major M. B. Curry, Major S.
Howell and Major G. E. Pickett. Each
paymaster has an office, and each one
uses a certain colored pencil in making
out cards oi identification for the men
whose papers he receives. The papers
of thirty men were received by eacn, pay
master, and these will be figured up before
thia afternoon at 3 o'clock, and then the
men who turned their papers in yester
day will be paid. This morning, however,
a different system will probably be put in
operation. Yesterday the papers or only
thirty men were accepted by each pay
master because thirty men's pay is about (
all a paymaster can figure in a day, par
ticularly when the accounts are so com
plicated as some that the men on the
Para bring home. But to-day the papers
of as many as wish will be accepted, and
these will be figured in order, each man
being told to return for his money at the
time the paymasters expect to have his
account figured, ihe men all have their
papers with them, and they have all been
warned not to lose their descriptive lists
or they cannot be paid. The descriptive
list is a financial statement of the man
whoso name it bears, besides his military
history. It is a transcript of the records
of his" captain in regard to himself, and
it Is the only thing the paymasters have
to go on. If any soldier loses hid descrip
tive list he cannot be paid until he has
secure! a duplicate from his captain,
wherever his captain is. -
The paymasters will be on duty all day
at the Presidio for several days. There
are 924 men to be paid <<!"!. and they ex
pect to be nearly a week at the work-
Each paymaster has bi en allowed J4O,(XW,
but as the men will each draw from $200
to $400 there will have to-be more money
forthcoming before the work is finished.
The Montana regiment expects to be
mustered out on October 17. The papers
of the regiment are in excellent shape,
and it will probably not take that time;
but to avoid the consequences of any de
lays the date will probably be llxed at
the 17th. '
There will be two promotions In the reg
iment, one a battalion adjutant and the
other a captain, there being a vacancy in
Company 11. The appointments are now
being considered by the Governor of Mon
tana, and will be announced In a few
d lt y ls not probable that th« Thirty-first
Regiment will get away from the deten
tion camp cm Angel Island for a week
or ten days yet. There has been a great
,;.ji of sickness in the command aim it
will not be sent away to Manila before
it is considered that the regiment is be
yond the possibility of further- danger.
All the sickness has been traced to the
camp at Fort Thomas, where the regi
ment rendezvoused after being recruited
in Kentucky and the adjoining States.
A board of officers, consisting of Colonol
Charles K. Greenleaf, assistant surgeon
general; Colonel William H. Forwood. as
sistant surgeon general; Major P. F. Har
vey, surgeon; Major Stephen- \\ . Groe -
beck, judge advocate, and Captain Seug
wick Pratt, Third Artillery, has been ap
pointed to examine into the fitness of
Captain Charles M. Wing of the Fortieth
Infantry for the performance of his du
ties. The board will meet to-day.
Major 11. O. Perley, surgeon, V. S. A..
has been ordered to proceed to Manila
on the transport Rio de Janeiro Instead
of upon the Relief, as was the original
order. He is directed to Join the Relief
at Manila. • '
Miss Jane M. Stoker, nurse, has been
relieved from duty at the general hos
pital at the Presidio and has been or
dered to report to Captain William H.
Wilson, assistant surgeon at Angel Isl
and for duty as dietist at tho school ot
Instruction for the hospital corps at that
station.  _ . , -,
Acting Assistant Surgeon John J. Gil
huley who was to have sailed for Ma
nila "on the transport Grant, has been or
dered to report again at the general hos
pital at the Presidio for duty.
A board of officers, consisting of Lieu
tenant Colonel W. F. Randolph, Third Ar
tillery Captain Edward Davis, quarter
master Third Artillery, and Captain
George T. Bartlett, Third Artillery, has
been ordered to meet at Alcatraz Island
next Saturday to examine into the quali
fications of Sergeant Alexander Newman
of Battery N. Third Artillery, and such
other sergeants at that post who may be
desirous of the position of post quarter
master sergeant. .
Second Lieutenant Dupont B. L,yon of
the Sixteenth Infantry. First Lieutenant
Amos H. Martin of tho Nineteenth Infan
try and Second Lieutenant George Curry
of the Eleventh Cavalry have been order
ed to report for duty with the recruits at
the Presidio pending their assignment to
duty in Manila.
A SOLDIER'S FUNERAL.
Military Honors in Memory of
Lieutenant J. B. Morse,
Ninth U. S. Infantry.
Under the grass in the National Ceme
tery' at the Presidio lies the body of J.
B. Morse, lieutenant in the Ninth United
States Infantry, who died of typhoid In
Manila. He was buried yesterday with
military honors.
Morse entered the service from this city
when the war broke out as a first lieu
tenant in the battalion of heavy artillery
that was sent from this State. He went
to Manila with his battery, and after sev
eral months of honorable service he was
made a second lieutenant in the Ninth
Regular Infantry, with a commission in
the regular establishment. The distinc
tion conferred upon him was not for long,
however, for while on duty with his com
mand he took the fever and he died soon
after in the Island hospital.
The funeral services were held yester
day in the little chapel at the Presidio,
a building far too small to hold the friends
who came to do honor to the dead. Rev.
John H. Macomber. post chaplain at the
Presidio, conducted the services. They
consisted of the simple burial service with
a few hymns rendered by a choir com
posed of Mrs. Girard, Mrs. Pedlar, Miss
Marshall and Mr. Lucky, all residents of
the post. The organist was Miss Ma
comber, daughter or the chaplain.
Outside the escort and firing party un
der command of Lieutenant Evans of the
Third Artillery was drawn up with the
band from the Thirty-third Infantry and
a caisson drawn by six black horses.
There were also a number of men from
Battery A of the California "Volunteer Ar
tillery, the dead man's old command, and
six sergeants from the same organiza
tion, who acted as body bearers. They
were Sergeant C. B. Sidener, Sergeant
Harry J. Morton, Sergeant J. J. Fitzpat
rick," Sergeant Frank E. McLaughlin,
Sergeant H. L. Auerbach and Sergeant
L. H. Harmon. The pall bearers were
Major Frank S. Rice, who commanded
the old artillery battalion; Captain Denis
Geary, who commanded liattery A,
Morse's old battery; Second Lieutenant
E. L. Admire, Twenty-second Infantry;
Second Lieutenant A. McC. Wilson. Twen
tieth Infantry; Second Lieutenant Rich
mond Smith, Twelfth Infantry, and Sec
ond Lieutenant Willis P. Coleman, Ninth
Infantry.
The procession made Its way slowly
from the chapel to the grave, and the
cfflsson halted almost und^r the flag
which flew at half mast from the staff
in the middle of the cemetery. Among
those who followed with the mourners
were Captain Herbert Choynski, First
Lieutenant Thomas F. Barry and Second
Lieutenant D. J. Keohane of Battery B
of the old battalion. Abner MeKlnley, un
cle of the dead officer; Judge McKenna,
Judge Morrow and most of the officers
of the two Federal courts In this city.
Chaplain Macomber repeated the last
prayer for the dead while standing at the
head of the grave. Three volleys were
fired by the escort, and then Bugler Dev
lin <>f the old battalion blew taps, the
soldiers' farewell. Then the people with
drew from the place and left the grave
to the sexton and his men.
NOVELTY AND
FRIVOLITY AT
THE ARPHEUM
Those who acquire and keep the vaude
ville habit (a good one) find the sum total
of Orpheum tendency ever onward and
outward. This week's programme is lib
eral and comprehensive, full of novelty
and frivolity. Of the new people, Frank
Cushman, an old friend, gets the most
applause. The party spirit is apparent
immediately ion his entrance, and he
clinches his welcome with a new kind of
yell. He finds the profession a boisterous
one and since every healthy nervous sys
tem thrives on noise, he proves a tonic.
An audience always appreciates any little
savor of personal devotion, and so Jennie
Yeamans lingers in the mind a generous
friend who didn't give each of us a pink
simply because she hadn't enough to go
around. She Is very clever, and could if
she would sing the songs of the cafe
chantant in a most convincing way. It
is not well to put your trust In first im
pressions, especially if got at the close of
a programme to the sound of a traveling
audience, and so I think Seymour and
Dupree need to be about four on the list
to be fairly appreciated. Stenson find
Merton could win applause indefinitely.
Stenson, the most ingenuous fraud, has
the technique of foolishness at his finger
tips, and he could scarce find a better
instrument to play, upon than hi expan
sive partner. Such as they are not nu
merous in proportion to the ready wor
shipers. Terry and Lambert show a mu
sical feeling in their work and the latter
is as good a tough girl as Ada Lewis.
That is meant to convey much. Hallen
and Puller have a new sketch and a go (
one; the boys play new selections and
Bright brothers still exhibit their wonder
ful strength of muscle. Next week a
Hawaiian trio do a lyric novelty and
Felix Morris returns to play "The Vaga
bond." CHARLOTTE THOMPSON.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Free Tickets {
I !2jh£_Orpheum! |
4. A — «
X BUY YOUR
I Lenox Ivory Soap f
If Save Your Wrappers and Get . f
f Free Tickets to the Orpheum. %'{r
X ,' -II
? The Johnsofl=Locke Mercantile Co. |
•c 204 Front Street, San Francisco, T
T X
$ Will Exchange for Lenox and Ivory Soap Wrappers m
t ; FREE TICKETS TO THE ORPHEUM £
1*
'/. UNDER THE FOLLOWING CONDITIONS '.'.
2 If „,, urnnf „ Serjd.. .....25 Wrappers of LENOX SOAP X
fIF You ant a Or ; 12 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP X
X Reserved Seat '.Or else ser>d 15 Wrappers of LENOX SOAP "
I * eservea and 6 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP ••
T if Vo., Want „ S?nd "50 Wrappers of LENOX SOAP f
% 50c • Or ........24 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP t
t Reserved Seat Or else ser;d 25 Wrappers of LENOX SOAP f
T cservea :=>eat a ' Qd 12 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP I
.|. *
9 ,;^.^}^.H..H.-H^H^S-j~H'v^*»K~^H^^^^ ©
4 visit DR JORDAN'S great A
iIVSEUi OF MATOIYiM
A Q) IC:iJLASrE7ST.I»t.6:at?Js,E.P.CiI. r
\ Ci^ The I^arjeit Anatomical Museum In the \
0 *«<dw>ti World. Weaknesses ot any contracted A
V SgSK <!■■•■'■-•« p«"»itl»«-ly e»r«4l>y the oldest T
% fjtf^A\ Speaalibtrn the Coast. EsL 36 years. Q ,
A MS OH. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
I C ftjrWß CoMultatlon frre and strirtly private \
A ft yffi&[n Tr« itment personally or by letter. A A
\ i if TIM fotUva t 1 ""'" every case undertaken. . \ !
AfH \\?& Write for Rink. rniI.ONUPU V A i
♦II II IIB * I * f * l **" » MAILED FKhii. |Af ;
\ R /I, valuable book for mm) ; . \
f Oil ,I«BI)A\*<O, 1061 Market .Ht..S. F. F
BAJ A' CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
Is a Great Restorative, Invlgorator anu Ner-
vine. ,
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the ' Sexual Organs of both aexes.
The Mexican Remedy foe Diseases of the Kld-
aeyi and Bladder. Bells eta Its own Merits.
NABER. ALFS * BRUNE. Agents.
323 Market street. 8. (Send for Circular.)
Oi^i^J^U- ELECTRIC BELTS.
I'rlces from 53 50 to
*Wl^^^V^^3§!a * 25 - Largest manu-
K^^ 'ly " _J3I ' A " turPrs In the Unl-
'«TTfi3sK3riAi^>(K7^rw '' cl States. No Quacks
connected with this
OPs»fi*]L<3^~^ji(\' establishment.
' • IC7" For particulars
vJJ"" 31 call . or -send 2c In
»J\*" stamps for ■ "Booklet
No.. 2." Address .-',
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., : 620 Market St.,
v. Opposite : Palace ' Hotel, S. F. "•_.."."-•
TRANSPORTS ARE
HURRYING OFF TO
THE PHILIPPINES
♦
Two of Them Sailed
Yesterday
■—•
There will be an exodus of transports
this week. The Grant sailed Monday
afternoon, the Relief got away for Ma
nila at noon and the Rio de Janeiro for
Portland early yesterday afternoon. The
Sikh will sail for Portland this morning.
The troops for- the Rio and Sikh await
them on the Columbia River and they will
sail for Manila early next week. The
Centennial with a cargo of horses will
get away to-day sometime, and the Sheri
dan and Glenogle will sail Saturday.
About three regiments will leave on these
vessels.
The Chinese crew on the Rio de Ja
neiro is working under protest. They
struck for white mt-n's pay as soon as
the transport was painted white, and as
the Mail company will not give in, the
vessel will have to go via Hongkong to
land the strikers and get a new lot of
fireman and sailors. Hitherto the Chi
nese have been glad to get from $25 to
$35 a month in Mexican money, but as
soon as the vessel was engaged as a
transport they made a demand for from
$35 to J. r Ai a month, according to the work
they did; and also insisted upon that
amount being paid in gold. A Mexican
dollar is not worth more than 50 cents,
so the Chinese really asked for an in
crease of three times their old pay and
all because the Rio was under charter to
l/ncle Sam.
All the Chinese on the Rio signed for
the round trip from Hongkong, so they
must work the ship back to that point
whether they like it or not. There they
will be discharged if they do not moder
ate their demands and a new crew will
take the transport to Manila.
Of the transports now in port the Sheri
dan will get away about October 1 and
the Zoalandla and Valencia about Octo
ber 5. The work of getting the City of
Para and Charles Nelson ready has just
begun, and they will probably sail about
October 7. The Hancock will go on Hunt
ers Point drydock the latter part of the
week and will be dispatched as quickly
as possible.
The transports expected here are tbe
Solace, which arrived at Yokohama on
September 18 with sailors from the fleet;
the Tartar, which left Hongkong on Sep
tember 14 with the Twentieth Kansas;
the Pennsylvania, which left Yokohama
on September IS with th^ First Washing
tons; the Newport, which is now twenty
days out, witn signal corps; the Cone
maugh, which sailed from Yokohama on
September IS; the Senator, five days out,
with the Fifty-first lowa, and the Wye
field, four days out, with a few passen
gers. Besides these the Westminster is
now out fourteen and the Port Stephen
seven days from Sydney, N. S. W. ; the
Anglo-Australian. Pak Ling and Moynne
are on the way. while the Olympia. Len
ox and Victoria will be taken just as soon
as they reach Sound ports. The Bristol
is now being overhauled on the Sound,
and as many vessels as possible will be
fitted up outside of San Francisco until
the contractors and boilermakers settle
their differences.
The transports a 1 Manila are thp Ohio,
which arrived on the 19th inst. with the
shipwrecked soldiers from the Morgan
City, the Indiana, ship Tacoma City of
Sydney, Garonne, Athenian, St. Paul and
City of Puel
Thf City of Para docked at Folsom
Btreet wharf yesterday morning and the
soldiers were landed. All day a large
force of cust mis inspectors was engaged
passing the nun's baggage.
All the supplies on the Leelanaw have
been transferred to the Sikh, and the
former will go on the drydock as soon as
ble for repairs.
It's a good thing for men that
women's disposition don't depend on
the fit of their shoes.
The ■<£% Hotels
The covered passageway connecting these
two immense structures places under one
management 1400 rooms, more than hall of
which have baths attached.
Those who appreciate exclusive clientele,
perfection in cooking, efficient service, and
close proximity to business and amusement
centers can obtain these requirements here.
European plan, $1.00 up. American plan,
$3.00 up. » John C. KiKKrATRicr,
Manager.
£jSS\ ChJcieater'e EasUnb Diamond Brand. •--
Pennyroyal pills
W /-<E\ Original and Only Sodjldo. A
VrfTrW' •««, »:w»,Tt reliable. LAOIC» Mk Sf\
f> 1 1 »K*Sb liraifgiit for CfticAMtfo £V>oii<.l D.a-JSf\Z,
«"<4yri4AS\mtmd \ Brand Id KcA and Gold iuetalllc\X«r
— rw«sl'oioa, icilod with bine ribboa. Take \Sr
■8) 9^ H l !no other. dnngcm.i rxlttitv- V
I " I — Aft i«M on<J (mifoMi iw. At Drag j:»ti, or •ra4 4a.
[U . J#' la stamp* for nirtlealan, tntlrcociaU and
l«t C I «' Keliof Ibr Lfidlc«.'*<n Utter, by rrtnrq
«JV if MM. 10.000 T^tlmonlal*. Paper.
"*•/ OW»H««ter Cioßtlc»iC»., Mfi<n»oa B<ißar%
»M»7aJllx>cali>nuriiU. PgII.AI>A» f^
HffllSlS^^ STOPPED FREE
™« «^"®3B Pe.-maa3ntiy Cored
B Xl \a Insanity Prc rented by
gjj |M BR. KLINE'S GREAT
(■■mßs^iL RESTORER
h I K*Sl SR. KLINE'S fiREAT
r fi IS W SERVE RESTORER
Bfatmt undSl. Tituf Pane*. .Wlt.orNfrroaiMM
after Onl day '» ate. Treatise and $8 trial bottl»
free <• Fit patlasu, thej rajla«*z;n« cb»rge»ootr
whrn rwln-1. S.-n<l to l>r. KHbb. Ltd. Bellera*
luttitute Medicine. 93l Arch St.. Philadelphia. Pa. '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SPECIAL VALUES
LADIES' WRAPPERS,
LADIES' and CHILDREN'S UNDERWEAR
( lIILDREH'S GRAY S^WERYESTS-Extra heavy,, with
ribbed ends, pantalettes and drawers to match, were 50 cents, selling
at 25 cents each.
BOYS' MIXED A.\» ALL.WOOL YESTSin white and nat-
ural, suitable for winter wear, also drawers to match, from 50 cents
to $1.50 each.
LADIES' KATURAL GRAY AND WHITE JIIXED AND
ALL-WOOL TESTS with drawers to match, in plain and Jersey
ribbed, special values from 50 cents to $2.00 each.
CORSETS ~A large stock of all the latest shapes in Corsets, both
foreign and domestic products, in short, medium and long waists,
suitable for every figure and a perfect fit guaranteed, all colors,
from 50 cents to $7.50 each.
SPECIAL— 2SO LADIES' FLANNELETTE WRAPPERS, yoke and
epaulettes trimmed with braid, waists lined, regular price $1.50, will
be offered at 75 cents each.
(FJjF Murphy Building 1 , /
Cor. Market, Jones and McAllister Sts.
SAN FRANCISCO.
AMUSEMENTS.
IlspFcldbm6hito-mht
AT THE
MECHANICS' FAIR
AT THE PAVILION.
GREAT ATHLETIC GYMNASTIC
FREE SHOW!
i Boxing, fencing, tumbling, horizontal bar,
■ vaulting, etc., on the main stage.
A GREAT SHOW!
In addition a special act from the Filipino
Circus on main stage.
MISS ALICE RAYMOND, Comet Soloist.
1 Bennett's Band Concert.
! HAVE YOU SEEN THE PIGEON EXHIBIT?
Second night Billiard Tournament, 14-inch
ALL, FOlf^NE ADMISSION, PRICE 25C.
, I DO NOT MISS IT.
: Special events all this week and next week.
1 THURSDAY AFTERNOON SOUVENIRS FOR
LADIES.
COLUMBIA. \±i
MODJESKA
Assisted by JOHN E. KELLERD and a Com-
pany of Players Under the Manage-
ment, of John C. Fisher.
I 1 THIS WEEK ONLY— MATINEE SATURDAY.
Clinton Stuart's New Historic Play,
MARIE ANTOINETTE!
NOTE— Curtain will rise at S o'clock sharp.
'■ Next Monday— Second and Last Week of
MODJESKA.
• , Monday Night and Saturday Matinee—
"MUCH ADO ABOUT NOTHING."
I Tuesday, Thursday and Friday Nights—
"MARY STUART."
1 Wednesday | mi Saturday Nights— "MAC-
-1 BETH."
! | SEATS READY TO-MORROW MORNING.
MATINEE TO-DAY (WED.). SEPT. 27.
Parquet, 2fie, any seat; balcony, 10c; children,
10c, any part.
JENNIE YEAMANS.
FRANK CUSHMAN, SEYMOUR & DUPREE. I
! FREDERICK H ALLEN & MOLLIE FULLER,
BRIGHT BROS,, STINSON AND MERTON,
| TERRY AND LAMBERT.
HUNGARIAN BOYS' MILITARY
BAND.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
ANOTHER GREAT TRIUMPH OF
GRAND OPbRA.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
"MARTHA."
Mary Linck, Ada Walker, W. Schuster and
Tom Greene, etc.
"MARTHA" repeated Friday evening and
Saturday matinee.
LAST THREE PERFORMANCES OF
"OTHELLO."
Sung by Avedano, Balaam, Anna Llchter,
Charlotte Beckwlth. etc..
Thursday. Saturday and Sunday Nights.
POPULAR PRICES.... 23 AND 50 CENTS :
Telephone for Seats, Bush 9.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 531
CROWDED AND ENTHUSIASTIC HOUSES
NIGHTLY.
POSITIVELY LAST FIVE NIGHTS
Of Offenbach's Famous Comic Opera,
THE
DRUM MAJOR'S
DAUGHTER.
Hear the Glorious Finale to the Second Act.
See the Beautiful White and Silver March of
Beautiful Girls.
NEXT WEEK— VAN WINKLE
Usual Popular Prices — 10c, Be, 23c, 33c, 50c
Best Reserved Seat at Saturday Matinee, 25c.
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
ALCAZAR™
A TRIUMPHANT SUCCESS.
TO-NIGHT
AND ENTIRE WEEK. INCLUDING SUN-
DAY.
The New York Lyceum Theater Hit.
THE IDLER.
! A Drama of Great Moral Strength Dramatically
t Told.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
NEXT WEEK!
Roland Reed's Laughable Comedy,
♦'INNOCENT AS A LAMB."
OLYMPIA c D £ a: a sow
The Only Free Vaudeville Show in the City.
A Bunch of Hits, and They All Hit Hard.
Special and Limited Engagement of
G. H. DU BELL,
The Swinging Wonder.
Continued Success of
....RUTH NELTA,...
The Comedienne With the Marvelous Voice.
Is Still Making a Big Hit.
ZOA MATTHEWS,
The World's Greatest Exponent of Rag-Time.
And a Host of Other High-Salaried Stars.
ADMISSION FREE.
Matlness Every Sunday .
Amateur Night, Every Friday,
AMUSEMENTS.
WALTER L MAIN'S
3-Ring
Circus.
MENAGERIE!
RACING CARNIVAL!
ROUGH RIDERS!
TO-DAY AT 2. TO-NIGHT AT 8.
• SIXTEENTH AND FOLSOM.
ALSO SUNDAY.
PRICES:
General admission .< 50e
I Children 250
I Reserved seats ~ 75c
, ; Chairs in grand stand JI.OO
Seats In Vienna boxes $1.50
• ' SALE NOW ON AT WILL & FINCK'S.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
THE POPULAR HOUSE.
COMMENCING SUNDAY NIGHT. OCT. L
Y OLLY - BEN
ovlll HENDRICKS
Presenting
"A YENUIRtT" YENTLEMAN!"
PRFAT COMPANY,
UIvL-fV 1 SCENERY.
K2OPULAR "7Sc, SOc, 2So.
M RICES. m. Matinees sOs and 25c
BOX OFFICE OPENS THURSDAY MORNING
AT 9 O'CLOCK.
LAST POPULAR EXCURSION
SANTACRUZ
SUNDAY, OCTOBER I.
Personally Conducted by MR. WM. H. MEN-
TON, Excursion Passenger Agent,
Southern Pacific Company.
ONLY $2 FOR THE ROUND TRIP.
FIVE HOURS AT THE SEASIDE.
MUSIC AND BOATRACES.
Tickets on sale at 613 Market St.. Grand Ho-
tel, Sept. 27, 28, 29 and 30 and at the ferry
landing" on morning of excursion.
i Leave ferry landing, foot of Market St., 7:45
1 a m • Returning, arrive in San Francisco at
S : O5 p.' m. E. O. McCORMICK.
Passenger Traffic Manager.
T. H. GOODMAN. Gen. Pass. Agent.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1899 -CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB—
Winter Meeting, beginning SATURDAY. Sep-
tember 23, 1899.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at IS m. and
12:30. 1, 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with' trains stopping at the entrance tv th»
track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
All trains via Oakland Mole connect with San
Pablo avenue Electric Cars at Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland. Also all trains via Ala-
mod a Mole connect with San Pablo avenu*
cars at Fourteenth and Broadway, Oakland.
These electric cars go direct to the track In fif-
teen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4 -45 p m. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
CONCEPTS AND AESOKTS.
CHUTES ZOO!
- FVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
ADGIE IN HER GEISHA DANCE WITH
HER LIONS.
—HARMON and SEABURY. High Divers.
AND A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
to-morrow— Amateur night
AMATEUR AMAZON MARCH. ,
Phone for Seats. Park 23.
6UTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
BATHINO FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN sc.
Bathing Including Admission, 23c; children, 2oc.
ON AND AFTER SUNDAY. OCTOBER 1.
THE SUTRO BATHS CLOSE AT 6 P.M.
r DRPiERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL . _;>
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
I BLOOD. LIVER.LUNGS;
h Owl Golden Medical Discovery 7Cf»
c" " 1 Cut-Rate Drußsrists ' V
Drug Co, 1128 Market Street. 6. P.
78
lOest
IF SENATOR
WILSON HAD
RUN FASTER
He Might Have Won at Oak
land-Three Choices Cap
tured Purses.
As the stables keep on arriving at Oak
land track the crowds improve and the
usual good things are beginning: to bub
. bie to the surface. In the opening five
furlong scramble Senator Wilson, a
. . 'Washington bred horse, backed from 30
to 15, gave the bookies some cause for
... uneasiness for a while, but he went the
- way of many others. Negligence, the fa
•V vorite, winning easily, and the Senator
ending up In last place. Munsey, practl
■ : cally unbacked at odd* of 7 to 1, and Ex
pedient, once, as good as 15 to 1 In the
.. ring, were the successful outsiders.
'. ' Among the eight contenders In the open
'• Ing dash Spry Lark was the only one
' that pave the favorite Negligence any
: . (semblance of a contest. The erratic mare
led into the stretch, but was beaten out
with ease at the wire. I' F took the
show.
Almost any one of the nine starters In
. the seven-furlong run looked to have a
. chance, and in the closing betting there
was no really pronounced favorite,
though Bomis enjoyed a slight call. Jack
,MoCabe, backed from sixes to 7 to 2, was
the best, and after getting away
jioorly n:a around his ileld. hut was un
to get up In time to beat Munsey
With Jack Ward In the saddle, which won
by half a length. 1/uino took the show.
The Offering bad early speed and will
1 ear watching, it being tho Brutus flliy'B
lirst race this season.
The Chicago turfman, P. Ryan, whose
} nrses raced here so consistently last sea-
Bon, made his first start with Summer
in the selling sprint over the Futurity
rse for two-y» ar-olds. Tho colt had
Thorpe up and starting a 13 to 10 choice
was very conspicuous during the early
stages of the running, but could not lant
Expedient, a son of Flambeau, with
post odds of ]') to 1 u.boul him. raced The
to a ttajulstill, and then beat the
r out half a length. Jones on The
• Buffoon allowed his mount to drop back
ih«. lirst. part of it, finishing third.
r Munsey had carried ninety-eight
to victory in the second event,
j " Shields started Kortis with a like
number of pounds up in the. mile and a
nth run. The brown gelding was
i at his best, winning with little ef
fort at the end from Twinkle Twink, a
1 shot. Thorpe on McFtirlaue was
•• third.
in the final event ht live furlongs Mid
]nve ruled a 1 to 2 chance. Aniasa raced
id with th»- fa.st nlly, but
his 119 pounds finally caused him to
s'ii.-i<k. The last part Bamboulia looked
dangerous, but Mounce was too light to
ii" t"h-' big cult justice, and third was the
ii lie could do.
Track Notes.
;. It I rae that J. F. Schulte and
day of Lexington were appointed
mmittc-o by the American Turf
to confer with Thomas 11. Wil
i a view to arranging the
_ ■tiii. nt in local turf mat
\:. J:!ik Ward piloted two winners yester
: ens up hia present lick thQ
r win be In demand.
Plush of Sold, owned by Owen Bros.,
; "-.. : "was touched up with the firing iron yes-
Phis will throw her out ol train
. '■ inu for a linn.
jockej Beauchamp, recently ruled off
turf at Hawthorne track by Captain
Kees, is In town, li w;is at the "!'i Bay
v bile in the • roploy of At
■'• -kin & Lottridge, that Beauchamp began
• r in the saddle.
:: hi ~ue of the New York Tele
n a ;ui: writer stated that "Skeets"
tin won ins Ilr.st race astride "Dag-
Smith'a -I'l horse Oakland. Tins is
•<tii error. Martin left the maiden Jockey
- bj pii'itinj-' the Julia Martin tilly, a
■ l shot, to the wire in front.
■ bookmakers again cut in y^stej--
At the next drawing Paul Ridley
. hang his slat" up.
;. William .1 Killip. ion or the late .1. N.
I-Clllip, tli-' . uctioneer, and well known to
all frequenters of th* turf, died suddenly
:'."ai his home in Oflkand Monday nlgiit of
apoplexy. Mi. Killip was a very ;
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRACK, Tuesday. September 27, 1899— Third day
of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather fine.
Track g-ood.
Sporting Svents from All Over the World.
young man, and his untimely taking away
will be regretted. by a host of friends.
To-Day's Entries.
First race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward.
... Lou Rey 106 81 Somis 98
69 Black Orphan.... 98 SI Lomo 104
(Sl)Munsey 101 81 The Offering 98
... Jlrd 106) 81 Jack McCabe:.... 98
81 Lona Marie 104: 81 Semper Leon 93
SI The Waif IC4|
Second race— Mile and a sixteenth; ■•lUnp:
four-year-olds and upward.
63 Meadow Lark. .. .101 51 Tenrica 97
"4 Beau Monde 103 76 Scintillate. 59
76 Alvero 101 76 Magnus :.. 89
Cl Colonel Dan 11l
Third. race — Futurity course; purse; two-year
olds.
(64)Falrfax 113 62 Halifax 100
66 Bogus Bill 113! 70 Constellfttor 113
70 The Echo 1101 75 Rlxford 100
... Devereux 1131
Fourth — Seven furlongs, handicap; two
year-olds, and upward.
73 nohenzollern 106 1 73 The Fretter 92
73 Jennie Held •. 9S 71 February 96
(61) Petal »0 !
Fifth race— Seven furlongs; selling; three
year-olds and upward.
... Cyril 109 (52)Alaria 103
... Pat Morrlssey...lo9 79 Mamie 0 109
24 P A Flnnegan...lO9
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Jack McCabe, The Offering:, Black
Orphan.
Second race— Meadow Lark, Tenrlca. Magnus.
■ Third race — Constellator, Bogus Bill, Rlxford.
Fourth — Hohenzollern, Petal, Jennie
Reid.
Fifth race— Cyril, Pat Morrissey, Mamie O.
league of the Cross Football.
The football team of company i
League of the Cross Cadets, has been or
ganised for the season. James E Power
has been elected manager: Cal Kwing.
assistant manager; Daniel Ahem. captain;
.lohn Whaien vice captain. During the
past three seasons the team has made a
creditable showing, it has played the
Stanford University eleven, Kansas vol
unteers and the Snowballs ol Vallejo.
They have gam*-* in prospect with the
Stanfon] freshmen and the Nevada uni
versity team.
Boxing at Sau Francisco Club
Boxing will l>e resumed in tne nymna
shim of the San Francisco Athletic t'lub
to-morrow night. There are four fight
round bouts on the card for decision, the
mala event being between Eadle Toy and
Charles V'lckers. These rank among the
b*»st of the m-n outside the professional
i-lass. and Invariably give a good exhibi
tion. Alec Greggains will be in the ring
be referee, which is a guarantee that the
boxers will do their best.
Woman Charged With Theft
Nellie Bond, nn employe Of the '.Montana
dance hall on Kearney Btreet, near Jack
son was arrested la.«t night on complaint
of 'John Hagermann, a miner, and
charged with grand larceny. Hagermann
claims that while on a spree with the
woman last week she relieved him of *<>
and a watch and chain. The woman has
a family of three small children and
resides at 22 Telegraph place. She denies
any connection with the theft.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. 1899.
SHAMROCK
IS FIT ALOFT,
THINKS FIFE
Challenger Will Have No
More Trials, but Will
Be Docked.
Speolal Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Sept. 26.— The Shamrock
occasioned a surprise to-day as well as
the Olympla. Having arranged to go out
for a final spin, the plan was suddenly
abandoned and in the morning 1 the Sham
rock was towed to Erie Basin and to
morrow will be placed in the dry dock.
This abrupt change of programme was
SHAMROCK SHOWS HER SPEED IN A THIRTY-MILE TRIAL.
THE cup challenger Shamrock was tested over a thirty-mile course last Wednesday and showed she will be no mean
rival to the American yacht She covered for the first time one of the courses of the international races— fifteen miles
to windward and back. The time for the thirty miles, taken officially, was 3 hours 2!< minutes. In one part of the
course she covered nearly thirteen knots in an hour. Save for the using of a smaller club topsail, the Shamrock was in
full racing canvas and was pressed to the limit.
brought about by a recently arrived at
: on the part of Sir Thomas Llpton
and the yacht's designer. "William Fife,
that the Shamrock 1h "lit" aloft for the
.Hiiiing contest and thai other tests of
tail and spar would be superfluous.
At "halt-thif" or about half-past 11
O'clock to-morrow the Shamrock will be
docked. Three hours later the yacht will
u e ••dry," as the ducks pumping engines
are equal to eight f< j et or so an hour.
There may be a surprise when the Sham
i. ck'S form below the water line Is seen.
The keel blocks were laid yesterday, ac
cording to a docking plan furnished by
Mr. Fife. These Mucks show that the
Shamrock's k*-d Is longer than that of the
Columbia and that it has a rocker shape.
The latter is a decided departure from the
usual methods. The Vigilant. Defender
imd Columbia are straight on the bottom
of the keel and early guesses made the
Shamrock The. blocks laid in the dock
at Erie Basin are pretty positive proof
that guessers of last summer regarding
Hi. Shamrock's design were not well in
formed.
The keel of the Shamrock, should any
one be fortunate enough to have the
chance of measuring it, will be found to
be about W feet - Inches from the end of
her lead to the rudder post. Men with
mathematical eyes estimated that the
rocker forward Is about twenty-two
Inches and aft somewhere near three
inches, while, the lowest point of the
r. cker Is about five feet from the rudder
post. From the shane of the boat near
the water the undy body bids fair to be
n series of beautiful curves, such as all
yachtsmen arc familiar with in boats
from the boards of Mr. Fife.
An English yachtsman a month or so
ago. in describing how the Shamrock was
built, said: "There is not wa.t?r enough
:-t Cbiswick Yard to clear the 19 feet 9
inches draught in which the Shamrock
floats, and a yard had to be got further
down the river."
The above iigure<» do not tally wfln the
alleged excessive draught of the chal
lenger, which lias given considerable anx
iety to American yachtsmen, and it is be
lieved that the writer Is a few Inches
shost of the correct figures. If one should
»idd four or five Inches to the 19 fe^t 0
inches given the curiously inclined will
have the draught of the foreign boat.
ACCIDENT OCCURS TO
THE YACHT COLUMBIA
NEW ROCHELLE, X. T.. Sept. 26.—An
other accident befell the Columbia to-day,
making the third which the new cup de
fender has met with while at New Ro
chelle. She started down the Sound for a
short spin this afternoon and was out for
two hours. When returning to her moor
irtt.'H and while sailing at a good speed a
bobstay suddenly broke. All the rigging
and headsalls fell to the deck with a
crash, carrying: away the spreaders off
the bowsprit and weakening the topmast.
Confusion reigned. The crew rushed for
ward and gathered In the wreckage, and
the boat made her moorings under the
mainsail. Captain Barr said the damage
•was not serious, but It will probably pre
vent the Columbia from going- out for sev
eral days.
Sloan's Mount "Unplaced.
LONDON. Sept. 26.— At the Newmarket
first October meeting to-day the Visitors'
plate of 150 sovereigns was won by Funny
Boat. Tod Sloan rode Lord Carnavon's
Ma Jeanette. but was unplaced. Eight
een horses ran the Rous course, five fur
longs. Betting 7 to 1 against Ma Jean
ette.
The Great Foal stakes was won by R.
A. Oswald's Sclntlllant, H. McCalmount's
Houghmont second and J. E. Platt's
Sweet Marjorie, ridden by "Skeets" Mar
tin, was third. Seven horses ran one mile
and two furlongs straight. Betting 6 to B
on Bweet Marjorie.
BATTEN OUT IN FRONT.
Even-Money Favorite Wins Standard
Handicap at Gravesend.
NEW YORK, Sept. 26.— The Standard
handicap for three-year-olds at a mile and
a furlong was the stake attraction at
Gravesend. The field was made up of five
horses of good quality and a good race re
sulted. Batten was made an even-money
favorite, while Cambrian, King Barley
corn and Prince McClurg had some fol
lowing. King Barleycorn made the run
ning around the first turn and up the
backstretch with Cambrian as his nearest
opponent. Spencer rating along with Bat
ten in fourth place. He waited until the
far turn and then made his run. bring
ing Batten through the rail as the field
turned into the stretch. He quickly took
command after a short struggle with Bar
leycorn and Prince McClurg and, coming
on, won cleverly by a length. Prince
McClurg, ridden out, beat King Barley
corn a head for the place. Maher took
the iockey honors of the day. winning
three of the six events. Results:
Five furlongs— Kltmarnock won, Reynolds
second, Modrlne third. Time. 1:011-5.
One and a sixteenth miles— Bangor won,
■Water-house second, Desperado third. Time,
1:411 3-5. • . •,.
The Standard handicap, one and an eighth
miles— Batten won. Prince McClurg second.
Kins Barleycorn third. Time. 1:54 4-5.
About six furlongs, selling— Benhadad won.
David S second. Skyscraper third. Time,
One and an eighth miles— I/indsey won,
Hurricane second, Hardy Pardee third. Time,
1:66 4-5.
Five furlongs, selling— Shoreham won. Bound
lee second, Brwln third. Time, 1:02 2-5.
LOUISVILLE, Sept. 26.— This was fa
vorites' day at the Fair grounds. Three
of the four races went to favorites of the
topheavy kind, and the other event was
captured by a second choice. The weather
was cool and bracing, and the track, after
yesterday's rain and racing, was in per
fect condition for fast work, though a
.stiff breese kept the time from brinp as
fast as it might have been. There were
three .stakes on the card to-day— the Ken
tucky Matron stakes, for three-year-olds,
postponed from yesterday; the Douglas
stake for 2:12 class trotter.s, and the Sel
bach stakes for 2:18 class pacers. The
other race was an $M) 0 purse for 2:17 cla*s
trotters. 1-Soralma, winner of the $7000
Matron stak.-s, is a chestnut gelding by
Boreal out of Bralma, sh" by Karl, lie
was sold last week by Scott Newland of
this city to Dr. J. C. McCoy, banker and
turfman of Kirkwood, Del. His win to
day was vi't-y popular. Results:
Kentucky Matron stakf f.»r three-year-old
trotters, vu.li*- $7"o*> -Moralma won in straight
heats. Time, 2:M, 2:16, 2:13, Kititacy second,
Kisky third, The Bondsman fourth. Klush
Lightning ami Carbine al.su started.
Selbach !-tiike, :':is clasa iiaivrs, value $2000—
Bob Eltxslmmons won in straight heats. Time,
i , X:lo>4. John Agan second, Hiiu.le cjn
third. Edward*, t'armellta. Miss Kdlth and
Maude ESmperor «iso started.
The Douglas stake for 2:12 trotters, value
S."jO<m>- Petnr the Great won in straight heats.
Time. 2:11. 2:10. t'harley Herr s.-con.l. Snr-fxil
third, Dr. I>-ek fourth. C'opeland, Bonnatella
and Samh S also ftarted.
2:17 class, trotting, purse SS'* l Ijucllie won In
straight heats. Time, 2:13. 2:1s 1 -.,. Azmeer S«C
ond. Palm Iypaf third. Guniaulus. Dr. Book,
J. C. Simpson an.l Edwin also started.
j CHICAGO. Sept. 26.— Weather cloudy at
Harlem to-day; track heavy. Results:
Blx furlongs— Florlnel II won. Myrtle Ge
bauer second. Microscope third. Time. 1:25. '•
One mile— Hlttlck won. I.onK Dandy > second,
Sam Lazarus Esq. third, Time. 1:544."
Six furlongs— Thoburn won. Mole sec
ond. Lord Fairfax third. Time, 1:21.
Mile and one-sixteenth— I. la I>edford won,
| Alice Turner second, John Baker third. Time,
2:00%.
Five and one-half furlongs, selling— Brownie
Anderson won. Tlldee second, Maharajah
third. Time, 1:154.
Mile a:;. I one-eighth, gelling— Albert Yule
won. Intriguer second , Geurge Lee third.
Time, 2:0».
TORONTO, Ont., Sept. 26.— The rain
poured down all day. and the Woodbine
track was a sea of mud. The colors of
the jockeys as they flashed by the win
ning post w«re barely recognizable, so
mud-bespattered were they. Results:
Six furlongs— Key Salazar won, Branch see
on.i. Sir Hliiy.e third. Time, I:ISV4.
Mile anil n. half— Donald I>lnnie won, Tattoo
second. Main Spring third. Time. 3:20.
Six furlongp- -Isitmp Clone won. Daily Re
port second, John Haisey third. Time 1:19.
Steeplechase, about n mile and three
quarten — I^ast Fellow won. Prince Mark sec
ond. King Kenn third. Time, 5:02.
Mile— Kin won, I'rospero second. Red Pirate
third. Time, l:47ty.
Six furlongs — Annie Lawretta won, Tonose
second. Sister Alice third. Time, 1:20%.
La Fontise Declared Winner.
DENVER, Sept. 26.— Mose La Fontise
of Montana waa given the decision over
Eugene Bezenah of Cincinnati to-night at
the end of a twi nty-round bout before the
Colorado Athletic Association. The light
■was very evenly contested throughout,
neither man being able to gain the advan
tage, but I-a Fontise did most of the lead-
Ing and showed a decided superiority in
the mix-ups. Bezenah was vsry clever,
but became very tired toward the close of
the fight and fought on the defensive
most of the time after the thirteenth
round.
{ Next SUNDAY'S CALL will be a
$ marvel of beautiful illustrations
* — //* half-tone work being es-
i pecially fine.
KENNEDY
LAID LOW
BY MAHER
California Heavyweight Is
Knocked Out in the
Second Round.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Sept. 26.— Seven thousand
persons saw Peter Maher knock out Joe
Kennedy, the California heavyweight, in
the second round in the Lenox Athletic
Club arena to-night. Before the fight the
betting was 2 to 1 on Maher, but his victory
was even easier than his friends had ex
pected. The knockout blow which Maher
delivered was practically a double left
swing and hook on the jaw, following a
right-hand swing on the opposite side of
the jaw. Kennedy fell as if hit with an
ax, and although he was unable to regain
his feet within the allotted ten seconds he
recovered very quickly and walked out of
his corner to his dressing-room within
two minutes after he was floored.
Round I— Kennedy was the quicker, and
led to the breast. Then Maher led to his
left on the body and was countered on the
neck. Kennedy cut the pace and they
came to close quarters, both landing.
Maher got first blood with a hard left on
the nose. Kennedy clinched, and was cau
tioned for so doing, but immediately stag
gered Maher with a left on the jaw and
repeated the blow. When Kennedy came
to him again Maher let go his left just
before the bell.
Round I 1 — Both were more cautious and
took things easily. Maher landed a left
on the face, and there was no comeback.
Sparring and fiddling followed, with Ken
nedy trying lefts, which Peter blocked,
and' then Maher put his left on the body
and his right on the face. This last blow
staggered Kennedy, and Maher, seeing
his chance, followed quickly, putting his
left on the face, and then swung his
right and lfft to the jaw with all the
force he hud back of his bie shoulder?,
and Kennedy went down and out. Time
of round, 2 minutes 39 seconds.
In the preliminaries Jack Curley of this
city knocked out Tom Burke of Pittsburg
in the fourth round, and "Kid" Ash (col
ored) of (Cincinnati Rot the decision over
Job Dwyer of this city at the end of a
six-round bout.
ST. LOUIS WINS A
ONESIDED GAME
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs- >- W. L. : Pot. Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn -....92 40 .ns7 Chicago TO 67 .611
Philadelphia 87 51 .630 Louisville ...69 70 .497
Boston 83; 63 .010 IMttsburg ...67 72. .482
Ualtimore ...78 55 .SSG New York.... 79 .401
6t;' L0ui5.'... 79 61 .MB Washington 49 87 .360
Cincinnati ..75 64 .MO Cleveland ...20 125 .137
ST.. LOUIS, Sept. 26.— The Perfectos slaugh
tered Knepper's curves and finished first in a
one-sided content. The only feature was the
hard, clean hitting: ot the Tebeaultea. Attend
ance 450. Score:
Clubs— : R. H. E.
St. Louis.. 15 22 6
Cleveland 3 12 2
Batteries — Young and O'Connor; Knepper and
Sugden. Umpires— Connolly and Warner.
CHICAGO. : Sept. 26.— A very small crowd
shivered through the continuous show of sev
enteen innings to-day to see the Pittsburgh
give the Orphans two shut outs. Both' Chicago
pitchers were hit hard and most miserably sup
ported, while Leever and Hotter were at their
lest and were, almost perfectly backed up. The
second game was called at the end of the
eighth Inning on account of darkness. Attend
ance 200. •_; Score, first game:
Clubs— R. H. K.
Chicago 054
Plttsburg ...". 5 10 .. 0
Batteries— Garvin and Chance: Leaver and
Bowemian. Umpires— O' Day and McDonald.
Second game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 0 4 7
Plttsburg 12 11 2
Batteries — Taylor and Donahue: Hoffer and
Schriver. — McDonald and O' Day.
NEW YORK, Sept. 26.— The Brooklyn-Wash
ington baseball game to-day was declared off
on account of wet grounds.
BALTIMORE, Sept.. 26.— The Philadelphia-
Baltimore game was postponed on account of
wet grounds. A double-header will be played
to-morrow.
NEW YORK, Sept. 26.— The Boston-New York
game was postponed on account of wet grounds.
■ ♦ ■
OLYMPIANS NAME THEIR MEN.
Cyclers Who Will Wear the Red and
White in the Twenty-Mile Race.
The Olympic Club Wheelmen held a try
out on Sunday on the track at their out
side grounds for the purpose of selecting
a team of five, men for the twenty-mile
race on October S. Thomas H. White and
H. D. Bean showed the most speed, both
covering five miles, paced, in a fraction
over 11 minutes. With E. F. Russ. J. D.
Bailey and E. O. Kragness they will con
stitute the team which will defend the
Baker & Hamilton trophy, which the club
holds.
The Bay City Wheelmen -will have a
night at the Orpheum next Friday even
ing. Captain F. N. Smith has arranged
for a block of seats and the members and
their lady friends will be present in large
numbers.
The Garden City Wheelmen are making
extensive' preparations for their annual
picnic run to Blackberry farm next &un
*The Academic Athletic League is plan
ning a twenty-five mile relay race o\ er
the San LeanVlro triangle on October 14,
entries to close on the 7th. There will be
teams of five men from each school.
J. P. Drake, manager of Mas»on. Strut ti
ers & Co., the leading hardware house ot
Chrlstchurch. New Zealand, arrived here
last week on the Mariposa, en route to
the East on a mission to purchase his
firm's supply of wheels for next season
E. E. Buekleton. well known In the
trade here arrived last week, after an
absence of two years in Europe.
Robert C. Lennie of the Bay City
Wheelmen now a resident of Ix>s An
geles, is in the city on a short visit.
H. Austin GoddanJ. traveling represen
tative of the Cleveland people, will go
East to-morrow night, after a month s
visit here, during which he has renewed
many old acquaintances.
Local Postal Invention.
Postal Inspector Erwin and D. S. Rich- j
ardson, superintendent of the postofnee, j
will start East next month to present to !
the Postofnee Department at Washington i
the merits of an invention of which Mr. i
Richardson is the patentee. This inven
tlon consists of an appliance which,
placed within an ordinary letter box. in
dicates with certainty the time that the !
next mail will be collected. The advan- ,
tage of this is that the merchant or other
person about to mail a letter will learn \
whether it will reach a certain destination j
in a certain time. The departing mails;
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PERMANENT CURES
A man who is sufferinsr Witn an unnatural weakness, a con-
tracted or any other disease, should see the old reliable special-
ists for all aliments of men, DR. MEYERS & CO.
This Is the sort of guarantee these successful physicians offer:
PAY WHEN CURED. Put the price of a cure in any San Fran-
cisco bank and let it stay there till you are well. Then DR. MEI-
ERS & CO. should have It, but not till then. If you are not cured
within a specified time you get the money back.
DR. MEYERS & CO. have been doing business on this plan fox
eighteen years, and have never lost a dollar.
r<^iS»2iiSi^ DR MFYFRS ■&' fft
lW^-ri IWeitfi 1 ««« I 731, Market St., San Francisco.
IV4 -Jjm I T^SfcL I \jskjf I TAKE ELEVATOR TO THIRD FLOOR
rtk. A-I^&&LJmb*^!!£*Jai HOURS: Evenings, 7 to 8.
DR. MEYERS & CO. can c*ur© you at home. Private book,
question list, etc., free at office or by mail. No charge for consulta-
tion and advice.
DR. MEYERS & CO. have the largest and best equipped insti-
tution and the most extensive practice in America.
DR. MEYERS & CO. never resort to electric belts or other dan-
gerous stimulants, poisonous or injurious drugs, but make perma-
nent cures according to the laws of nature, medical science, com-
mon sense and honesty.
FOR AILING MEN.
LEADING AMERICAN COMPANIES.
STATEMENT
■ ■ OF THE -;#•'-:.:
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
NATIONAL^ FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD. IN THE STATE OP CON-
necticut. on the 31st day 01 December, A.
D. MM, and for the year ending- on tnataaj.
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the .Provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the P°l"lcal <$£•
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner. CAPITAL .
CAPITAL.
Amount of . CaP . ! . Stock, • - Pa - d - • UP $1."00.000_00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company 2?
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.... 810,890 9T
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company 2.835..W.J wi
Amount of . Loans ■ secured by pledge,
of Bonds, Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral
Cash In Company's Office "IS 31
Cash in Banks •• 260,1t0 71
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and L0an5....... •■•
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages ....
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion ...-! 420,680 91
Bills receivable/not matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks
Rents due and accrued... ••••
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid...
Total Assets..... $4,642,499 73
LIABILITIES. /
Losses adjusted and unpaid $95,927 53
Losses* In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense S 7I ?S I 1 I
Losses resisted, Including expenses.. 2b, 067 <6
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $1, £24, 441 08; -"/*■• •* - ■'■■
re-insurance 50 per cent 762,220 54
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,914,-
-945 58; re-insurance pro rata 990,189 68
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks, — ;
re-insurance 100 per cent ■
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks. ; re-insurance 50
per cent • • '• • •
All other demands against the Com-
pany 167,850 58
Total Liabilities ...$2.112.791 98
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums ........ ........: $2,096,839 9«
Net : Cash actually received . for Ma-
rine ' premiums...... '..../
Received for interest on Bonds and '
Mortgages 48,189 32
Received for ■ interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stock?, " Loans and from
all other sources .'...... 141. 64
Received- for Rent 5........ 1.459 91
Profit and Loss— Agent's Balance... 35158
Total Income .'..-;. : Vr.rTZT. .... . $2.233. 260 41
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding $135,429 08. losses of pre-
vious years) .....'........... $1,094,747 59
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(including , losses of pre-
vious years)
Dividends to Stockholders....! 120,000 00
Paid or allowed for ; Commission or
Brokerage ,;... ......'...... 405,478 20
Paid for Salaries. 1 - Fees and ? other
charges for officers, clerks, etc — 180,178 98
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 72,23142 |
All other payments and expendi-
tures 380,563 31 j
Total Expenditures $2,253,189 50
Losses incurred during the year, fire. 51,119,698 78
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks, j Premiums.
Net amount of Risks •
written during the
year ................... $259,856,712 $2,633,806 95
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 224,583.507 2.584.C42 55
Net amount in force
December 31, IS9B • 320.115.172 3,439.386 96
JAMES NICHOLS. President.
E. G. RICHARDS, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 22d
day of January, 1899.
. FRED B. SEYMOUR.
Notary Public,
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT
409 California St., San Francisco, Gal.
GEO. D. DORNIN, V GEO. W. DORNIN,
Manager. Ass't Manager.
CITY AGENCY;
SO© Sansome Street,
Henry C. Ahpel & Co., Agents.
Oast.
x ■ lit ■ ■ I lii i- A
are all indicated in order on a serlea of.
cards. When the letter carriej
box to take out the letters that li hoHs
the card indicating the time of the de
parture of the next mall Is pushr.: into
view. An ingenious arratigemcnt all
rides for keeping track of the S
and Tioliday mails. Automatically I
vice serves as a check upofi the letter car
riers If there is a failure to colle
mail at the proper time the app^
of the card, indicating the proper tli
collection, shows to a certainty that ther«
has been neglect.
Amaranth Entertainment.
A large number of prominent people ac
cepted the invitation of the officeiv
members of Court Crescent of the Ordei
of the Amaranth to be present In
Hall at an entertainment and dance given
last night in celebration of the court*
removal to new quarters Royal Patm:<
F B Ladd and Royal Matron Malgreti
presided and a programme by high-class
talt-nt was offered. The participants wer-
J C Creamer. Miss Trezevant Cleave
land Oscar Frank, MISB Carrie Bright
Mi^' Louise Langley. Mrs. Gray and Miss
Murphy. Miss Schalike. Mis? ElsJe
Tooker Mrs. McClunie. Mrs. Cardie Sav
ajre Miss Hettie M. Corlett and Misß< -
Lottie and Sadie Dorr, me numbers In
eluding instrumental and vocal selections
ballads and recitations. The affair was
under the direction of Mesdamea Mar\
G Dunn, V. Langley, Lambert. Sanborn
Warren and Murphy. George L. Darlin*
was floor manager during tne dance tha
followed and he waa assisted by Dr. A
II Millberrv and Dr. Gassaway.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Springfield lire and Marine
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF SPRINGFIELD. IN THE STATE OF
Massachusetts, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber. A. D. IS9S. and for the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner of
the State of California, pursuant to the provi-
sions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by the
Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash _ .11,500,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $131,000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 752 730 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 3,318,165 00
Amount of Loans secured' by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral 84.275 00
Cash in Company's Office 20173 !>■>
Cash in Banks; 119[26« 3*
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans.. 31,810 93
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages..: , 20.466 45
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion..... 258.571 S3
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks
Rents due and accrued.. 9SB 17
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid... ,7,144 69
Total Assets , .$4.774.658 39
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $23,774 H
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense ;.. 128,6f,6 49
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 12,187 31
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- 1 -- •>■- -v
ning one year or less. $1,195,-
M." 75; re-Insurance 50 per cent 597,772 87
Gross premiums on Fir?" Risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,603,-
-93131; re-Insurance pro rata 551.953 84
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation j Risks; re-insur-
ance 100 per cent
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks; reinsurance 50 per cent
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 87,714 17
Total Liabilities .'.51,678.088 99
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums ..........$1,785,219 1C
Net Cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums......
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 37.134 95
Received for interest and dividends ■
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources.. '. 143,334 75
Received for Rents 4.794 03
Total Income $1,970,502 S3
EXPENDITURES. "~~ 7 ~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses .Vr ■
(Including $132,633 65 losses of pre-
vious year 5..................... $934,870 1C
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(including losses of previous years)
Dividends to Stockholders ; 150,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or '
Brokerage . : 838,928 68
Paid for Salaries, . Fees and other,
charges. for officers, clerks, etc.... 107,894 17
Paid for State, National and local ■ ' -
taxes ....:. 78.867 33
All other payments and expenditures 217,300 74.
Total Expenditures $1,827,661 07
Losses incurred during the year,
"re $951,151 44
Risks and Premiums. IFire Rlsks.~[pr«iauinv&
Net amount of Risks I
written during the .1
year $211,049,878 $2,178,027 3*
Net amount of Risks
expired during the .
year 192.417,221 2,270,881 '7
Net ; amount .In force
December 31. 1893....... 265.026.971 2,799.477 0«
\-r c AW. DAMON. President.
S. J. HALL, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this list
day of January, 1899. p. s. BAILEY.
Notary Public :CALIFORNIA IS
GIVING MUCH TO
MINING SCIENCE
Brief but Busy Day
for Miners.
-. 1 . . I
— — ♦
BUSINESS WITH PLEASURE
— — »
SECOND DAY OF THE ENGIN- I
EERS' GATHERING.
■ ♦_ ■
•v All Quietly Enjoy the City and About !
'*■- a Hundred Have Already Regis
'...'■ tered for the State
;-;;' Tour.
, . The second day of the California meet
• ing of the American Institute of Mining
• Engineers, hoi 1 yesterday, was a quiet
.' one. Illustrating well the method and
spirit of this great organization of lead
ers In the world's industrial progress.
.. The meeting moans much to the mining
Industry of the country, and the world as
well, yet it lasted only two hours In the
forenoon, the afternoon and evening ses
sions being skipped ... order that the
park, the Cliff House, Mount Tamalpais,
-.the State Mining Bureau, the State Unl
•'. versity and the offices and homes of a few
. .; local scientific men might be variously
•. visited.
The average citizen might have called
| ■' .the Tuesday proceedings tame and have
• bmiled at the idea that It was worthy of a
• ' sacrifice ■: time and Hospitality on the
'■" part of rtiians, for the crowd in the
small J neatly decorated hall of the Palace
■ Hotel was not large, and there was no
crowding and cheering lobby. But in
• . spirit and in fact that morning session,
into which the whole day's proceedings
■. were . crowded,, was attended by many
~. thousand brainy men, and the audience
will not adjourn for many a year.
After a few remarks by President
Douglas, the formal presentation of val
uabie gifts to the mining industry quietly
proceeded,' and, be It said to the honor
.'. of California, the first three were present
ed L.y men of tnis State. S. B. Christy,
. ueant'f me- college ot mining of the i tu
:.".versity or California and professor of
mining and metaliurgj tnerem, read a
paper on ' Tni- Ji,ieciromotive Force of
. Aietals in Cyanide Solutions." Now, this
paper presented to the world for the tlrst
nine tin.- compactly arrayed results of
'•'• imee years or experiments at this col
lege 01 mining on the results of electric
101 cc on solutions ot various metals In
comoination with cyanide of potassium.
*A"he cyanide process Ib the latest, and in
a considerable degree the most promising,
of the processes lor the economical sepa
ration ot precious metals from base ores,
. and It is one which will in the future cut
a very great feature in the mining indus
try ot -Northern and Southern California,
wnere the ores are not generally suscep
tible to profitable treatment by the or
dinary milling and concentration pro
cesses, which have produced most of the
gold from California s quartz mines.
' In his paper Professor Christy gave in
detail a series of results in the electric
deposition of various metais In cyanide
solutions of greatly varying strens:tn,,and
as the electric process is at tiie bottom
of tne cyanide process tnis paper, wnlch
was illustrated by many graphic dia
grams thrown on a screen, will De a very
important and widely studied contribution
to tills branch of metallurgical science. A
brief abstract of ' --■ paper would be use
less, it will soon reacii all of the 3W0 x
members of jjrtie -Institute and be read by
tnou sands more "all over the world.
The next two papers were by Califor
nlans ar.a will be soon i ad in pamphlet
lurnv-'itio. nnn tv.i.-, on ■■.-■'!.. features
of tn» Economic Geology of Russia, ' by
Professor A. C. Liawson, the distinguished
geological associate of Joseph Le Conte
fn tne State University. it treated of r.
Held in which the Occidental world has
fcuadeniy acquired a large interest.
A paper on "The New Alaska Treadwell
Golu Mills," by Robert Meln, followed.
The Treadwell mine of Douglass Island,
Alaska, Is the largest gold mine in the
world and the several hundred stamps
dropping there provide by far the biggest
"ola milling proposition and the cheapest
and most eitlcient one the world has
known. The author is the son of the well
known Thomas Mem of San Francisco,
manager of this and several other great
mining propositions on the Pacific coast.
His paper will be found valuable Informa
tion on the working of low-grade gold
. ores, on which California's mining future
to largely depends.
Other papers of the day presented in
print and read by title were: ':,•
"The Peculiar Ore Deposit of the East
Murchison United Gold Mine, Western
Austrulia," by D. P. Mitchell, Palo Alto,
Cal.
"The Occurrence of Tin Ore at San
Alto. Zacateeas," with reference to simi
lar deposits in San Luis Potosi and Du
rango, Mexico, by Edward liaise, Colom
bia, South America.
"The Copper Deposits of Vancouver
Island," by William N. Brewer, Victoria,
B. C.
"Rock Salt in Louisiana," by A. F. Lu
cas, Lafayette, La.
"The Lf-e Long-Wall Mining Machine,"
by H. Foster Bain, Dps Moines. lowa.
t "Natural Coke of the Santa Clara Coal
Field, Sonora; Mexico," by E. T. Dumble,
Houston, Texas.
"Trancontlm ntal Railway Lines," by
James Douglas.
The last-named paper, by the venerable
and honored president of the institute.
Is one of the most valuable of the session
and one which will most readily appeal
to popular understanding and interest. '
California Is at this session making
more notable contributions to mining
knowledge than in any year of its history.
Yesterday's programme embodied four i
papers and the first three essays on to- !
day's programme will give the results of
original work and experiment by Califor
nia :
The rest of the story of the day's doings
by the assembled members of the Insti
tute and their hopts can be briefly told, i
The only local entertainment approach-
Ing a formal one was a pleasant reception :
to the visiting ladies by the California |
Club at its quarters in the Young Men's
POSTTJM CEREAL.
TO SLEEP SOUND
Leave Off the Coffee.
A city solicitor for a grocery in
Americus, Georgia, reports that in call-
ing upon a Mrs. W. F. Marsh, found
her complaining greatly about the loss
"P and nervousness in the family.
iggested that perhaps the trouble
was caused by coffee drinking, and ad-
vised that they use Postum Food Cof-
fee In its place. A box of the new Food
sent down to them, and at a
call i i day Mrs. Marsh stated
that about 3 o'clock in the morning she
was suddenly awakened by her hus-
band Jumping up to dress, stating that
he mufct get off to work. She looked
at the clock and told him it was only
:; i, 'dock, and he must have made a
mistake. Hf Baid he felt there was cer-
tainly something wrong with the clock,
Be bad slept his usual time, was
ctly refreshed and had his night's
real out The good sound sleep con-
tinued night after night after leaving
off the coffee and using in its place the
Postum Cereal k ■ : i 'offee.
The .solicitor further says: "I told,
this experience of Mr. and Mrs. Marsh
: H. I\ Davenport, and after the
first night's trial he told me he had
slept better In years. Mrs. Dav-
enpoft ffSB in the store this afternoon
pronouncing it wonderful.
"gome of the doctors here are strong
advocates of Postum Food Coffee. One
lady, M«* W« H - Howard, buys it by '
the dollar's worth, and is getting all
nests and acquaintances to use it.
The president of one of our banks usos
p,, stum Cereal Pood Coffee to the ex- i
elusion of all other beverages. It meets j
with the approval of some of our best
citizens." — T. W. fallaway of Gate-
wood Grocery, Americus, Ga. |
MARKET STREET RAILWAY IS FREE
OF SOUTHERN PACIFIC INFLUENCE
THE Market Street Railway system is no longer alto
gether controlled by th? power which directs the
affairs of the Southern Pacific Company. The con
trolling influence exercised by the larger corpora
tion largelj vanished when Speyer & Co. effected a
purchase of the Crocker Interests In the Southern
Pacific. Will H. Crocker. George Crocker and the execu
tors of the late Colonel Fred Crocker's estate will not be
... ted from this time forward to follow the suggestions
Southern Pacific management In the administration
of street railway affairs.
The whole number of shares of Market Street Railway
company stock is 186.170. The holdings of C. P. Hunting
ton amount to SS.OOO shares. Mrs. Stanford owned until
hares. A short time ago Bhe sold several
thousand shares, which passed Into the hands of San
Francisco men har.ts. Bearles owns 84,000 shares. The num
ber of shares in the estate of the late C. F. Crocker Is 80,
--000. l \v. ii llrnan, Mrs. Parrott, Alvinaa Hayward,
George Crocker and Will Crocker each »vrn quite a number
of shares. The Southern Pacific Company, counting the
shares of stock owned by Mrs. Stanford and placing tho
number which she Owns at 20,000, controls onlj 69,000 of the
shares. The number of shares controlled by other
owve'rs is 117,170.
The Call ascertained yesterday that George Crocker's
resignation as a director of the Market Street Railway
system had been tendered. It will be accepted at a Bpecial
meeting of the board to-day or to-morrow. No doubt
Henry T. Scott, one of the executors of the estate of C.
F. Crocker, will b< chosen to fill the vacancy. During the
past two years George Crocker has disposed of nearlj ail
of his street railroad securities. Will Crocker was never a
Christian Association ounaing. airs.
Lovell White and other officers and mem
bers provided a pleasant diversion.
The local headquarters would not have
been busy yesterday had not Chairman
Rilston Secretary Benjamin and a few
others kept loyally hustling the present
and future arrangements for the long
season of entertainment in the city and
throughout the State.
The number of members wpo had
voluntarily registered yesterday was
sixty-five. The number of members and
friends who had already registered for
the trips about the State was ninety-eight.
There were probably 100 members of the
institute here yesterday, and doubtless
there will be more than 150 in the party
that will tour the State, beginning to
norrow morning.
The last session will be held this fore
ioon, and at 12:30 p. in., the party will
■ tart on a visit to the State University
md the^Sulhy Smelting Work?, returning
'or the evening banquet tendered by the
nerchants of the city, the arrangements
or which are superintended by A. A.
(Vatkins. Thursday morning the special
train will start for San Jose on its tour
jf the mining regions. . ;,-.
■ ♦ ■
Adelia J. Gadine's Will
["he will of Adelia J. Gading, who die*
Scenes of the Day at the Miners' Convention.
\ugust 30 last, leaving an estate valued
at $10 000. was tiled for probate yesterday.
Decedent bequeaths Mary Frese, Jo
hanna Elobertson, Helena Ready and
Bertha Gading, her sisters, each an undi
vided one-fourth interest in her fifth in
terest In Mount Eden and San Bernardino
real estat* $500 to C. N. Gading, a brother,
and the residue in equal shares to Annlo,
Herman and Hilda Frese and Ethel a.
racobsen. Mrs. Mary Frese Ik named as
executrix, to serve without bonds.
i — ■ • • ■
In the Divorce Court.
Oscar H. Walter was granted a divorce
yesterday from Clara Walter on the
ground of Infidelity. Cora Schoaff has
been granted a divorce from Walter
Schoaff on the ground of failure to pro
vide. Coral Jacques was granted a decree
of divorce from I;. O. Jacques on the
ground of willful neglect.
Suits for divorce have been filed by
Charlotte Hinrichs | against Henry ITin
richs, for failure to provide; Agatha H.
Horn against Noah It. Horn, for intem
perance; Annie L. Reidy against Henry
Hetdy, for desertion, and Mary Cicerone
against Michael Cicerone, for cruelty.
THE SAN FRAJS CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1899.
large owner of Market Street Railway stock. When his
father's estate was settled he elected to take bank stock
In preference to railway securities. The merchants, bank
ers and other business nun of this city have been gradu
ally acquiring the stock of the Market Street Railway
Company, and now they are. in great measure, responsi
ble for t'np management of the system, as they own a ma-
Jority of the capital stock. H. E. Huntington Is president
of the company and \v. F. Herrln is the chief attorney of
the corporation. Ag the latter became Bomewhal notorious
last winter in scandalous efforts to eleel D. M. Burns to
the United States Senate, the stockholders of the road will
probably make an early change in the law department of
the system.
The mileage, capitalization and value per mile of sev
eral street railroads in San Francisco are thus reported:
California Street Railroad— ll% miles:
Stork $1,000 ,000
Bonds 900,000
Valuation per mile 1t>5,000
Geary Street Railroad— S miles:
Stock J1 .000 .000
Bonds 671.000
Valuation per mile 209,000
Market Street Railway— l 79 miles:
Stock 118.617 ,000
Bonds 11,782,000
Valuation per mile 171,000
Presidio Railroad— ll^4 miles:
st ock $r.:,o,ooo
Bonds 171.000
Valuation per mile 62,700
Sutter Street Railroad— ll% miles:
Stock 12.000,000
Bonds -. 900.000
Valuation per mile 252.000
BENSON SEEMED
OUT FOR A BIT
OF EASY MONEY
»
Judgments Against a
' Crazy Man.
— — — ' . ..'" ■
Justice of the Peace Barry uncovered
a case In bis court '-yesterday which places
Attorney P. F. Benson and his Police
Court practices in a peculiar light, to say
the least, If the facts which /are to bi
developed boar out the surface indications
Benson has been guilty of using the ma
chinery of the courts to systematically
rob one Festy O'Donnell of the few hun
dred dollars he hud deposited in the Hi
i ernis Hank.
Benson's system is something unique in j
the line of Police court cYookedneas, it
consisted simply in securing default judg
ment on nil' ged board bills against a man ■
who was mentiflly incompetent to appear
on bis own behalf and whose mental dis
ease made it possible to prevent him em
ploying counseL Thr- default once en
tered. Benson levied attachments on the '
d( fendant'S funds in bank and secured !
possi Ssion of them upon execution.
O'Donnell has been a raving m.ii:i.i
months, but Instead of being .sent to an
asylum wan hidden away in a room of. a .
lodging-house at 803 Natomo street kept ,
by a woman named Winnie McDermoit.
In the lirst suit which was brought
against O'Donnell the McDermott woman"
appeared as plaintiff. Benson, as her at- I
torney, had process served upon O'Don- i
nell In nn action for $So alleged to be due
for four weeks' board and $2 borrowed I
money. The complaint was filed on June
22 of the present year, and was made re- |
turnable before JusticeGroezlnger. O'Don
nell. naturally enough, did not appear,
and on July 31 a default judgment in the
inn amount was entered against him. On
the sam.' day Benson filed papers in an
other action for }V 1 for board from the
IMb to the 31st and fur $12 borrowed
money. The same plaintiff was named.
The rase came before Judge Kerrigan,
who gave judgment by default on August
S. On August 21 another judgment on
still another suit for $o<i was rendered.
On A-Ugust 21 the Sheriff levied on the
funds O Donnell had in thtj Bibernla
t'ar.k. and two sums. $61 35 ana 990%, were
turned over to him by that institution.
'in August 28 he levied again, and re
ceived |77 85. Not satisfied with this
cleanup, Benson appeared in another suit
f<>r one MTTIer upon a claim for jiivi fur
board and $M) for borrowed money, as
signed by Winnie McDermott to plaintiff.
It was in this suit that Benson over
rveacbed himselX. Emboldened by his pre
vious sue* esses, he demanded that de
fault judgtho.nl be at once entered, and
iv ObjUtiiftO wiiiu-.=ses who appeared in a
manner that Justice 1 lurry would not
brook. Becoming suspicious of the ease,
the Judge started an Investigation and
found the :'.. ts an set forth. He at once
refused to enter judgnx nt or to have any
thing further to do with the case until
CP Donnell was represented in court by
either an attorney or guardian. Benson,
when he saw his game was discovered,
set upon the young l>oy from whom Barry
pr>t his information and abused him until
ordered "in by the court.
Whether or not any action will be taken
against Benson ana hla clique cannot be
s.-ti'l. i!s O'DonnelJ is so badly gone that
he cannot lie tnnde to understand any
thing connected with the ca.se. and up to
dat< none of liis friends have presented
themselves.
STORY OF THE MINES.
The Souvenir "California's
Mines nnd Minerals."
"California's Mines and Minerals" was
given by the press yesterday to the min
ing world, arid it will long remain a nota
ble feature of the mining literature of
California.
When the meeting of the American In
stitute of Mining Engineers of the fall of
IS!>9 was secured for California, mainly by
E. H. Benjamin, secretary of the Califor
nia Miners' Association, Mr. Benjamin
conceived the Idea of publishing, in the
name of the association, a book giving an
exposition of the State's mining industry
and mineral resources, to be presented to
PERRAULT AND
PHELAH CONFER
WITH CROCKETT
Another Dark Night
the Result.
GAS MAN MAY RELENT TO-DAY
REFERS WHOLE QUESTION TO
HIS DIRECTORS.
The City Plans Retrenchment That
Will Pay Back Bills But Will
Causs Five Dark
Nights.
Mayor Phelan, J. B. Crockett, president
of the San Francisco Qas and Electric
Company, and Supervisor Perrault, chair
man of the Finance Committee of the
Board of Supervisors, met in the Mayor's
| office yesterday morning for the purpose
of arriving at some agreement which
would throw a little light In the city's
dark corners and make the public high
ways safe to travel upon by night..
Up to a late hour 'last night, however,
they had not adjusted the difficulties, and j
the city was again as dark as a pocket. !
As a result of the conference Mayor Phe- j
lan made public the pleasing intelligence
: that though no absolute agreement had
been entered into with the gas company,
Mr. Crockett had "practically agreed"
, I that the street lights would be aglow !
! again this evening. Mr. Crockett, how- j
| ever, qualified his pledge with "the proviso
i that the directors of the. gas company
• ! should authorize him to carry it out and
i turn on the "glim."
The basis of settlement offered by the
Mayor and Chairman Perrault was set
! forth in a letter to Crockett by Mr. Phe
i lan. Mayor Phelan's plan Is to pay the
back bills, but this will necessitate five
dark nights each month. The letter was
as follows:
Sept. 26, 1899. !
Mr. J. B. Crockett. President San Fran
; cisco Gas and Electric Company— Dear Sir:
Pursuant to the promise mad*' at the con-
I ference this morning, we write you making
I a suggestion as to public lighting. Two, '
hundred and forty thousand dollars has
been appropriated for the lighting of streets ■
! during the fiscal year, which la $20,000 a 4
month, or $60,000 for three months. Your
j July bills are $23,057 7S; August bill, *20,
--■930 38; September bill. Including four more ■
; nights for this month beginning and lnclud
• ing to-morrow night, $17,248 92, making a •
total of fC1.237 03. or $1237 03 in excess of
the $60,000.
We propose that during the next three
months, October, November and December,
1 a sufficient number of lights be cut off tem
porarily to make up the $1237 03, and our
suggestion is that. In conference with the
Gas Inspector, you agree upon the lights
anil the time as to when that amount
shall be made up, which no doubt can be
■ amicably arranged. In that event your
bills for July, August and September, ag
gregating as above $01.237 03, will be ap
proved by the Finance Committee and
I ordered paid. •.:':'
As per compromise agreement It was
understood in the conference held In my
office that you pledged yourselves to bid on
the new contract for gas and electricity
a rate not in excess of that now paid,
which is the compromise rate. We find
that you hare bid 11 cents per lamp per ;
! night for gas Instead of the present rate,
1 which Is the compromise rate, viz, 10 cents
i per lamp per night. At the rate of $1 35
: per one thousand, allowing for main
tenance, we figure that a fas lamp should
j not cost the city more than 8% cents per
' lamp per night, but we. In behalf of the I
city, are willing to stand by the com- i
promise rate and trust that your directors
I • will respect the agreement then made.
There has been $240,000 appropriated for the
lighting of public streets, and that Is all
you can possibly get for the fiscal year and I
it la all we can give. , By carrying out this
• agreement to which we refer, the city will
be ax well supplied with light for the en
suing year as the appropriation will afford,
i ' and In our judgment you will be amply
compensated for your service and we will
nee to It that your bills are promptly paid.
■Jours trul > JAM] , D. PHI.I.AN, Mayor.
K. 1... PERRAULT, Chairman Fin. Com.
■ ©♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
all the members of the institute as a valu
able souvenir of the California meeting of \
the leaders of the industry. President !
Xeft Vice President Ralston and a num- I
I ber of members of the executive commit- \
tee of the association heartily approved
the plan, and the enterprise proceeded
under Secretary Benjamin's direction.
The result is a work of 508 pages, which
is one of the handsomest books produced
by a Pacific Coast publishing house. It
Is appropriately bound, in uniformity with
- the twenty-live volumes of the transac
tions of the American Institute of Mining
! Engineers, with which it is designed to be ;
shelved, and the typographical and other
mechanical features of the work are ad
mirable examples of the best which the
publisher's art produces.
There has been a vast amount of in
formation about every feature of the Cal
ifornia mining field scattered in a great
many State and Government reports, in
: proprietary books and in papers and pe
riodicals, but there has never "before been
given in one book the comprehensive view i
of the California mining industry here
presented by a number of the most cmi- i
Dent mining authorities in the State.
The first fifty-six pages are given to
j "The Mineral Industry of California, by
Charles G. Yale, an article by a widely
recognized authority, covering all the
State's mineral products and accompanied
by a folded statistical table which will
in the future be issued as a bulletin by
the State Mining Bureau. ;
••The Mother Lode of California," by
Ross E. Browne, is the best brief exposi
tion of this great feature of the Cali
fornia mining Held ever published.
"Electric Power on the r Pacific Coast
by A M Hunt and ynn Meredith,
j comes from the most eminent coast au
•■ "Notes' on Dredging for Gold" is by R.
H Postlethwalte, the present leader in
this field in California. „
"Deep Mining at the Utica" by J. H.
Collier Jr., and "The Use of Machine
Drills in Stoning" are two of the technical
papers included out of compliment to the
technical men for whom the book is de
signed, and they are to also appear, in the
transactions of t.he institute. ■
"The Genesis of Asphalt urn and Petro
leum in California," by State Mineralogist
AS Cooper, is the most elaborate expo- ,
aition of this subject yet written ana it
will later appear as a bulletin of the Mate
Mining Bureau.
In further recognition of the new great
ness of the oil industry is an original
article by VV. L. Watts on "Petroleum in |
C Fineness of California Gold " by j
F A Leach, superintendent of the Mint,
provides something new and interest- |
'""The Copper Resources of California",
are at.lv treated by M. M. O'Shuugnessy,
consulting engineer of the Montana Cop
ner Company. President J. H. Neff gives
the history of the California Miners'' As
sociation, Vice President W. c. Ralston
forcibly rents of "California as a Field:
tor Alining Capital," and there are a num
ber of oilier special articles, on various
phases of the industry by similarly emi
nent authorities. papers in the work
Of' the thirty-five papers in the work
thirteen are descriptive of the mines and
mineral resources of. particular mining
counties or groups of countites, largely . .
by the best authorities in. the regions
treated and among the | finely prepared
i towers In the work are three new mining ,
maps of Calaveras, Tuolumne, Amador ;
and El Dorado counties, especially pre- ;
: oared for the work.
The publication Is sumptuously illus- j
trated with 140 pictures •covering the en
tire range of the mining industry, nearly j
all of which are half-tones of views never ,
before published. The work cost over
$5000 and the expense has been borne by:
a few advertisements supplemented by
subscriptions by enterprising members of ;
the association. The first edition is, one
of 3000 copies and one copy is to be sent
free by mail to each of the 2600 members ;
of the institute/thus disseminating
throughout the world a rare exposition of
California":- mining field that will be
treasured by every possessor. It will un
doubtedly prove the most effective single
advertisement the. industry has ever re- .
ceived. The few remaining copies are to
be sold for $5 each and are all spoken for.
At headquarters yesterday the first con
signment created an eager demand and
unbounded compliments for the associa
tion and for Secretary Benjamin. A sec
ond edition is promised to Californians.
ADVERTISEMENTS. V
\\ n the Shop \
? Women, who have' leisure find it hard to '^L
combat the ills to which all women are subject,'
A but the shop-girl must suffer and suffer, and . £
£ keep on working. fp
5 Is it any wonder they break down under jb
the strain?
T* firs. Anthony Sutter, Crestline; • - '; mvt^i 'J0&
6 "It would be hard to explain to MW^\ -/^
J* you my condition before using your m ~ _^y
X Vegetable Compound. I was a great ,&
& sufferer of kidney trouble and head- H>t'F afl^^?r
£ ache. On rising in the morning I £r ■ i^ ~
j^ was always tired and sleepy, and • M jM
never felt like doing my work. Since m . Is
& ■ taking the Compound I feel like a m , Aj?
$ new woman. I sleep well at night, M ' ;Mr
jjL and can work all day without that M JiF-j&g&i^
tired feeling. I have advised M J$T f^Mmb
$ some of my friends to try it, and M 0 /si! '^%
£ we all feel thankful for the M Jar % 'Ws&&
benefit we have derived from M Jj
WP its use. May God bless you m Aj >c^*^VsW
m for the good you are # M J^ofMw^k
J> doing the poor, suffering M M ___^^l§i^oM
- Mrs. Pinkham is / A^hr-r^^^T 0 ' — W0
surely the work- Si:^^—^«===^^^-{
and many thousands Wss-O^W J^ jC I
of them have been >/^4fflK
2 Her address is Lynn, y/
f Mass. Don't put off | |^F^T \
W health is wrecked. Wr jfiffj* fer ? j I
¥[ Ask for her help yf s*&% 5
Vat the first mdi- y^^^P^ § M i
cation of trouble. / f4s*^X P
J iliss Rose Helden, 126 W. I
J Cleveland Aye., Canton, Kw^f^l^^t^^i ¥
Z ." Dear Mrs. Pinkham-^^gfe^fe!Nffl I, J
Four years ago had almost P^-^^b^^^M/\f^? |
given up hope of ever being |^^^Qy>^^fe^O^ -?!
# well again. I was afflicted W^^^^k^^M
& with those dreadful headache p^|»^y^^^: . '
X sometimes last three l^W /^W^^f^^^m
£ had backache, bearing- y \W^?l V*£(j{r fii§|il^i§
rhcea, dizziness, and — MSr -^ — /^/ 7i
& terriblepains at monthly JTV (kfji\7// '
A periods confining- me to "^^-to s//\
£ my bed. After reading* ? / / I
so many testimonials 'r~ — ) // I I^^^
for your medicine, I /^/ A
jA concluded to try it. I — -^ /y/ > I
began to pick up after // J Mfl
yT taking the first bottle, and // / I
in highest terms to all sick / /
Jk Miss C. D. Morris, 3 Louis- Xl y/^Z. %
X burg Square, Boston, Hass,, fefp^ pW\i I . i^"~ jl
$r " Dear. Mrs. Pinkham — I have been using ff^-pl v^
te? Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound LI/ a^ V^ i ~js>
Jfo and it has helped me wonderfully. I was troubled a \
with headache, backache and that weak and tired S \
v' feeling. I cannot say enough in praise of your \I - \ qr
$? medicine for it has done me so much good. 1 shall yi igfc
recommend it to all my friends who suffer." \
& . The lives of working-girls are im- V^^i) &
portant lives. To continue at work i^^Vr? »
£ without proper treatment is heroic but J(l^\^ Jt
J^ it is wrong and results in complete ]a
loss of usefulness. Mrs. Pinkham's help can -j£
*| be had for the asking, and her advice will
jl tell you how to keep well and strong.
"I Am So Glad That i Wrote to You." $
£ . "Dear Mrs. Pinkham l want to thank you for what yon ' Jk
*^f have done for me. When I wrote to you last June, I was XT
0* almost a total wreck from female weakness. I was troubled
& with irregular and painful menstruation, leucorrhcea, bearing- <&
A down pains, soreness, and swelling of abdomen ; pain at right ■\*
and left of womb; headache, backache, nervousness, and
could neither eat or- sleep well, j Since taking Lydia E. Pink- .~'s
A . ham's Vegetable Compound, Liver Pills, and using. your Sana- ]&
tive Wash, Ido not feel like the same person. I am so glad \t,
x' I wrote to you, for you have helped me very much." —
$? Mrs. Carrie Phillips, Anna, 111. 0
# More Than a Million Women Have Been #
<£ Helped by Mrs. Pinkham's Advice r
€ and Medicine. X
f t
j-^.,_^ _ _ _^ _______ _ _ x
T A 4 LYDIA PINKHAM'S-. JT /v .^ LYDIA PINKHAM'S -.:
hOwl COMPOUND nC h flWI COMPOUND 7Cp
e\JTT 1 Cut-Bate Druggists , ' c ■ Cut-Bate Drugrgists ." T^
Drug Co. 1128 Market Street. S. F. Drug Co. 1128 Market Street. S. F.
The Weekly Call, 16 Pages, $1 per Year.
910
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver and Exchange as previously quoted.
Wheat and Wheat freights dull.
Barley and Oats relapsed into stagnation.
No cliange in Corn and Rye.
Beans shady, but dull. Some changes in Seeds.
Hay in licavy receipt and weak. Feedstuff s stand the same.
' Potatoes and Onions easy.
Vegetables continue in good supply and cheap.
Butter and Cheese as before. Eggs higher.
Poultry kept depressed by free receipts from the East.
Came rules high under slender receipts.
Prices established for new Walnuts. Almonds firm.
Dried Fruits as before quoted.
Lemons lower and dull. Limes scarce and firm.
Wine Crapes hold up to the high prices.
Fair demand for Provisions and Beef on Government account.
Hops dull, with growers holding out for more money.
Free fall Wool selling well, but defective dull.
Hides and Leather active and very firm.
Veal higher. Mutton steady and Hogs unchanged.
No furtlter variation in Oils.
Coal fuin. with moderate supplies.
Lumber in good shape everywhere.
Canned Fruits and Vegetables active and firm.
Charters.
Che Colltngrore loads lumber nt Port Blake
ley for Shanghai; George W. Watson, lumber
at Port RLikeley for Honolulu.
The Langdale ids wheat at Tacoma for
Europe, 36s 3d— prior to arrival.
Dried Fruit w New York.
The New York Commercial says:
"The week opened dull so fax as actual trafl
ing was concerned, but there was more Inquiry
in all lines, and the prospect of an early re
sumption of business la encouraging. In me
lines conditions are still uncertain, but the
tendency Is toward improvement, and holders
are confident of increased prices on some, with
great activity in all varieties.
"Prunes are attracting more attention,
though up to the cl< Be yestfTday no Important
deala had been consummated. Sales are llm-
Jted to carlotß, with here and there a buyer
taking two or even three cars. Western buy
ers re reported to be : rating more exten
fcively, principally because they have accepted
what appears to be the Inevitable, and are
paying the prices asked. There will be Prunes
enough to go around, but apparently large and
email sizes will both be short, and there is
some special demand or both of them.
"Peaches are weak and prices are irregular.
No one wants to make an offer "or a large
block, because the chances are strongly in
favor of its acceptance, and it is unsafe to
make any predictions ling the trend of
prices In the future. The lure of packers
to secure cans has caused a much larger quan
tity to be dried, and that has demoralized
the market.
"Apricots are firm, with exporters about the
only buyers. Domestic handlers are not tak
ing'large quantities, and are offering low prices
lor what they do want. Holders are confident
of the future, and refuse to make concessions
even to prospective buyers of round lots."
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 26—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 54. San Diego 68
Fresno . 98 Sacramento 92
Los Angeles 82. Independence 90
Red Bluff 98 Yurna. lob
Pan Luis Obispo 90, .: , ■-
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
70: minimum, 50; mean, 60.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen slowly over the north
ern half of the Pacific Coast. An area of high
pressure la passing rapidly over Oregon and
Washington.
The temperature has remained nearly sta
tionary over the country west of the Rock)
Hour. tains. In the great valleys of California
it continues twelve degrees or more above the
normal, giving favorable weather for raisin
making and fruit drying.
The weatlfr is cloudy along the coast of Cal
ifornia, except in the vicinity of San Fran
cisco.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
liours . ling midnight, September 27, 1899:
For Northern California— Fair Wednesday;
light northerly wind* in the interior, westerly
winds on the coast, with fog.
For Southern California— Cloudy Wednesday,
with fog along the ccast in the morning; light
westerly winds.
For Nevada— Fair Wednesday.
For Utah — Cloudy Wednesday.
For Arizona— Cloudy Wednesday.
For Ran, Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednes
day, with light fog in the morning; fresh west
erly winds. ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. 26. — The stock market
continued dull ami listless in character to-day.
Several favorable Incident! Imparted an under
tone of strength and discouraged operations for
a decline-, but the soaring tendency of the
money rate waged all speculative demand
on the one side and the day closed ■with nearly
all stocks showing a loss. The Incident that
attracted much 'attention was the engagement
in London of $1,000,000 for New York. Prices
rose to the highest on this announcement and
for a number of stocks reached a level above
yesterday's close. Money, however, rose up
ward by quick stages to 20 per cent, and the
heaviness of the market wan renewed. The
gold engagement In the face of firmness of
exchange is obviously based on the expectation
that the money rate will continue high until
the receipt of gold here,' when the profit of
the loaning rate may make good the loss in
volved In the simple importation. The course
of the local money market to-day contradicts
the assertions made yesterday that the higher
rate was due to manipulation. The present
and prospective condition of the money market I
is undeniably tight. Rates advanced not only i
here but at other domestic points' both East j
and West. New York exchange at other points
shows continued pressure on this center. The
announcement that more gold is on the way
from Australia to San Francisco had no effect,
the promised relief being so remote. The fact
of a three days' holiday approaching had its
influence also on the prevailing dullness. Th«»
■weakness on foreign stock markets was an la
fluence here only indirectly and so far as It
•was deterrent to gold Imports. The series of
railroad statements which appeared to-day was
a real and effective prop to the market and
undoubtedly Induced some good buying from
substantial interests, such as are not dependent
on borrowed money. The overnight statement
of st. Paul for the third week in September,
showing an increase of last year's unprece
dented level of 152,000, led the list. Even more
striking was the . statement of the Atchison
system for August, showing an Increase in
the Income from operations of $705,893, a result
in large part due .to the heavy decrease In
operating expenses.: In the cases of Erie and
the Southern Railway, In spite of liberal in
crt-asfs in operating expenses, there . was an
increase In net earnines for the former of
$221,382 and for the latter of $180,375. Business
on all trunk line* was reported on an un
precedented scale. These facts' gave the
undertone of firmness to the ■ market. ' the
Stocks especially affected being those whose
reports were published. The day's net de
clinr-s reached a point In only a few
cases. A number of the industrial special
ties were nt one time 1 to 3% points below last
night's price, but covering by the shorts worked
a partial rally. Brooklyn Transit continued '
very active, though American Tobacco ex
ceeded it and was well sustained after an early
line, rising to a point over yesterday and
closing with a net gain.
The bond market was dull and prices were
lower. Total sales, par value. $1,320,000.- United
States 2s advanced V old 4s (coupon) ; % and
the new 4s % In the bid price.
• NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Ehares Closing
nid. nid.
4,5(00 Atchlson UOy;
27.544 Atchison prefd 61%
1,210 Baltimore and Ohio 49%
■ Canadian Pacific 90%
400 Canada Southern ».... 524
I Central Pacific 57%
700 Chesapeake and Ohio 28%
MX) Chicago Great Western 14 <
16,920 Chicago, Burlington and Quincy 129%
700 Chicago, Ind. and Louisville 114 .
Chicago, Ind. and Louis, prefd 434
100 Chicago and Eastern Illinois PO4
Chicago and Northwestern 1664 ;
9,423 Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific 112%
520 c. C. C. and St. Louis 54%
SlO Colorado Southern 54
215 Colorado Southern Ist prefd 434
. 100 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 154
1,025 Delaware and Hudson '. 122
700 Delaware, Lack, and Western ISB4
- Denver and Rio Grande 214 i
1,000 Denver and Rio Grande prefd 74% j
300 Erie 12
- let prefd M
829 Great Northern prefd 161
I Hocking Coal 17%
Hocking Valley 324
766 Illinois Central 112
800 lowa Central 134
500 lowa Central prefd 664
567 Kansas City. Pittsburg and Gulf... 8
Lake Erie and Western 18 j
Lake Erie and Western prefd 784
: Lake Shore 202
7,050 Louisville and Nashville 774
15.180 Manhattan Elevated 107*.
7.944 Metropolitan Street Railway 1964
• 1,600 Mexican Central 14Vi
; ....... Minneapolis and St. Louis .-71
Minneapolis and St. Louis prefd 93 ;
j 4,650 Missouri Pacific 43%
I Mobile and Ohio 44
! Missouri, Kansas and Texas 124
2,200 Missouri, Kansas and Texas prefd.. 384 :
i I.OCO New Jersey Central 118%,
i 1,925 New York Central 34% I
2.400 Norfolk and Western 23% '
1,600 Norfolk and Western prefd 68
8.060 Northern Pacific 62%
2,337 Northern Pacific preferred 744
1,175 Ontario and Western 24 ;
Oregon Railway and Navigation... 43
Oregon Railway and Nay. prefd 75
3,600 Pennsylvania, 130%
Reading 214
3,450 Reading Ist- prefd 57%
Reading 2d prefd 32
Rio Grande Western 374 :
Rio Grande Western prefd 81%
335 St. Louis and San Francisco 11 '
St. Louis and S. F. Ist prefd 69
,150 St. Louis and S. F. 2d prefd 36% j
St. Louis, Southwestern 14 I
1.440 St. Louis, Southwestern prefd 33 j
14,350 St. Paul 126%
, St. Paul prefd 178
225 St Paul and Omaha 124
25.260 Southern Pacific (8%
1.250 Southern Railway 114 i
2.060 Southern Railway prefd 51% i
W0 Texas and Pacific 19 ;
7,000 Union Pacific 434
3.620 Union Pacific prefd 764
I Wabash 7' , '
810 Wabash pn>fd 214
2.400 Wheeling and Lake Erie 12
1.320 Wheeling and Lake Erie 2d prefd... 31% !
100 Wisconsin Central 164
P. C. C. and St. Louis 74
Express Companies —
Adams 114
• ■■•••• <\Q&JII° •■ ** • ■•• ••• ■• ••••••■•■••••••••■•■ ■•• 114
American 148
United States 50
Wells Fargo 130
Miscellaneous —
SOO American Cotton Oil 434
American Cotton Oil prefd 934
100 American Malting 144
I American Malting prefd. 67
600 American Smelting and Refining... 364
MO American Smelting and R. prefd... 88 :
American Spirits 54
American Spirits prefd 30%
4,050 American Steel Hoop 43"*
'.•00 American Steel Hoop prefd 85
7,025 American Steel and Wire 49%
1,000 American Steel and Wire prefd 85%
1,059 American Tin Plate 57%
American Tin Plate prefd 86
86,510 American Tobacco 117%
American Tobacco prefd 145
i 3.050 Anaconda Mining Co 50%
■ 60,185 Brooklyn Rapid Transit SS4
! 7.620 Colorado Fuel and Iron 564
6,050 Continental Tobacco 41%
1,660 Continental Tobacco prefd 91%
16.520 Federal Steel 53
3,050 Federal Steel preferred 77%
200 General Electric 1204
500 Glucose Sugar 61V*
, Glucose Sugar prefd 1064
' 1.930 International Paper .... ;.. 28
800 International Paper prefd 734
500 Laclede Gas 65%
National Biscuit 45
100 National Biscuit prefd 964
200 National Lead 284
.; National Lead prefd 110%
900 National Steel ..... 51
140 National Steel prefd 95
231 New York Air Brake 165
170 North American 12%
100 Pacific Coast 46
Pacific Coast Ist prefd 80
Pacific Coast I'd prefd 63
600 Pacific Mail 40%
5.670 People's Gas 109%
I.SOO Pressed Steel Car 54%
400 Pressed Steel Car prefd 88
600 Pullman Palace Car 169
Standard Rope- and Twine 64
I 33.985 Sugar 141%
i Sugar prefd 1174
•6.800 Tennessee Coal and Iron 114
11,060 United States leather 13%
I 4,470 United States Leather prefd 78%
700 United States Ruhber :.. 4$
100 United States Rubber prefd 114
1,070 Western Union 87%
300 Republic Iron and Steel.. 27%
1,200 Republic Iron and Steel prefd....... 73
466.600 total shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s reg 100% M X & T 2ds 70
Do 3s reg 10S% Do 4s 93 j
Do coup 108% N V Cent Ist? 1114
Do new 4s .ISO's N J Cent gen 55... 119%
Do coup 1304 No Carolina 6s ISO
Do old 4s reg 111 1 Do 4s 1044
Do coup 11314 No Pacific 15t5. ...113'
Do 6s reg 111%, Do 3s 65% j
Do ■ coup 111%' Do 48 103%
Dlst Colum 3.655. .117 IN V C & St L 45. .1074
Ala class A 109 Sort & w con 4s. 944
Do class B 109 Do gen 6s 135
Do clans C 103 Ore Nay lsts 115
Do currency...... 100 ' Do 48 102%
I Atchison gen 45... 101% Ore Short Line 65. 128
Do' adj -45.: .'.'B7 : Do con 5s 128
Can So 2ds 1074 Rending gen 4s 8614
Ches & Ohio 445. 954 R G & W 15t5. ...100
Do .5s ■ 1184 St.L & I M con 55.H2
C& NW con — 145 St L& S F gen 65.124 Vi
Do S F deb 5b... 120 St Paul con... 173%
Chi Term 4s 974 St P C & P lsts. .121
D & R O lsts 1064 Do 5s 121
Do 4b ............ 9S4|So Railway ss. 10S%
E Term. Va & Ga ' IS Rope & Twine 6s 83
' lsts 103 Term new set 3s. 94
Erie gen 4s 70% Tex & Pacific 15t5. 114%
F W & -D C lsts.. 77 Do 2ds 56
Gen dec 5s 119 Union Pacific 45.. .103%
G H & S A 6s 108 Do D & G lsts... 804
Do 2ds .108 'Wabsj>h lsts 1154
H & T c 5s 110%: Do 2ds ..........100
Do ; con 6s : — 11l West Shore 45... 113
lowa Cent lsts 113 ; Wls Cent Ists. 76
X C P.&.G Ists.. 71% Va centuries 86%
La new con 4s 106 Do deferred ..... 5 I
L & Nash unl os.loo
.- . . MINING STOCKS.
Chollar - 40 Ontario 6,75 1
Crown Point laiOnhlr ] 00
Con Cal & Va 160 Plymouth :... 08
Deadwood .....:... 70 Quicksilver 100
Gould & Curry 22! Do prefd 750
Hale & Js'orcross. 2". Sienrv Nevada 70 !
Homestake ...65 00 1 Standard 3 V) <
Iron Silver ........ 33 Union Con 37 j
Mexican ........... .' 40. Yellow Jacket...... 23
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL V WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. 1399.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Union Land 5Ms
Call loans 4%®6 West End 93' 2
Time loans .....4V4@5% Do prefd 113 Vi
Stocks — Westlnghouse Elec 47
AT& S F 20*, Dp prefd 68
Do prefd 61% Bonds— " : -
American Sugar... iikn Atchlaon 4s 99%
Do prefd 118 Mining Shares-
Bell Telephone ....361 Advet»«are< 7
Boston & Albany. 2so Allouez Alining Co 5
Boston Elevated ..in; 1 -. Atlantic 28
Boston & Maine. ..ios I Boston & Mont.
C B & Q. 129^4 : Butte A Boston... 65
Edison Elec 111. ...205 Calumet & Heela.773
Fitchburg prefd. ..l22 Centennial 32
General 'Electric... l2l Franklin IVV4
Do prefd 141 Humboldt 11.I 1 .-
Federal Steel 52% Osceola Ss*i
Do prefd ' 7714 Parrott 46V4
Mexican Central... 14 Qulncy ...I"-"
Mich Telephone 108 Santa Fe Copper., 12' i
Old Colony 206 Tamarack 222
Old Dominion 32 Utah 39U
Rubber 47^!Winona 8
Union Pacific 43 1 Wolverines 41
Nczv York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. Money on call, strong
at .i?o per cent; last loan, 20 per cent: prime
mercantile paper, B%©fl per cent; sterling ex
change steady, with actual business in bank
ers 1 bills at $4 s."V,7'. 85% for demand and
$4 M-V. p i ?1% for sixty days: posted rates,
M S3(§4 86%; commercial bills, $4 Sl'-T4 SlVi : sil
ver certificates. .'.'.i'.; >'.'<•:• bar silver. 58% c; Mexi
can dollars, 47% c; Government bonds, strong;
State bonds. Inactive; railroad bonds, weak.
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 26.— T0-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $257,8. >f>,631; gold reserve,
1254,024,856. [
Shipment of Silver.
NEW YORK. Sept. 26.— The Steamship St.
Paul, sailing for Europe to-morrow, will take
out 115,000 ounces of silver.
London Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 26.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were idle and heavy to-day
on Mr. Chamberlain's curt and emphatic dis
patch to the Transvaal, which was interpreted
in some quarters as meaning war.
Americans fluctuated narrowly until the aft
ernoon, when they Bagged steadily on Inter
rupted cable service, closing at the worst.
Spanish 4.= were 61; Tintos. KM; Anacondas,
10%: The bank engaged £200,000 for Egypt and
6500 In French coin was bought. Money was
in fair demand but small supply. The bank did
ii fair business In discounts.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Sept. 26.— Canadian Pacific. 94;
Union Pacific preferred, 7814: Grand Trunk" 6 *;
Anaconda, 10%; bar silver, unchanged, 2i>*d;
money, I\4 per cent.
♦ .
New York Grain and Produce. I
NEW YORK. Sept. X.— FLOUR— Receipts,
23.100; exports. 1620. Opened steady but ruled
quiet and closed a shade easier In sympathy
with wheat. Winter extras, $2 4.'..
WHEAT— Receipts, 140,570; spot weak; No. 2
red. 76c f. o. b. afloat spot; No. 1 Northern
Duluth. SO'hC. f. o. b. afloat to arrive; No. 1
hard Duluth, SSc to arrive; No. 1 red, 74c ele
vator. Options opened steady at Vie advance
on cables and further advanced %c on disap
pointing Northwestern receipts; local covering
was a feature of the forenoon. But the mar
ket broke on Bradstreefs statement making
the world's visible supply of wheat 3.345,000
bushels above' the figure of a week ago, which
carried the market 4c off from the best prices
of the morning, with the close weak at a net
decline al %@%c. May, 79%«80%c, closed 79% c;
September, 79.7-16 c; December, 76%®77%c,
closed 76% C.
HOPS—
HIDES—
WOOL— Firm.
METALS— In a quiet way tin continues to
forge steadily upward and to-day closed firm
at the advance. Lead showed a better under
tone and increased activity. Spelter went off
a shade under lack of buyers and selling pres
sure the latter growing out of unfavorable
cables. Lake Copper and Pig Iron were sadly
neglected and featureless. At the close the
Metal Exchange called:
PIG IRON— Warrants dull and nominal at
$18
LAKE COPPER-Dull at $10 50.
Higher, but quiet, with $32 50 bid and
$33 asked. ' * '■•-'
LEAD— Firm at $4 624 bid and $4 674 asked.
SPELTER— Easy, with $5 35 bid and $0 50
asked.
' The brokers" price for lead is $4 40 and for
copper US 50.
COFFEE— Options closed uncharged at five
points net lower. Sales, 5250 bags, including:
September and October, $4 15; December, {4 50;
March, $4 70; May, $4 SO; July. $4 BO; August,
$4 95. Spot— dull, but about steady; mild,
quiet and featureless. •'.-«•-
SUGAR- Raw. irregular and nominal; refined,
dull and barely steady..
BUTTER— Receipts. 9SOO packages; creamery.
17«i23e; June creamery, 19@22c; factor}'. 134®
lßVic
' EGGS— Receipts. 10,875 packages; 'steady;
Western ungraded at mark, 13@18c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
California dried fruits quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common. 74c;
prime wire tray, 74'SS4c; choice, S&iiSc; fancy.
9®9%cJ
PRUNES— 3%®«4c. •—".: :-■■'
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 12®134c; Moorpark, 14®
16c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 7%@9c. •
Chicago Wheat Market.
| CHICAGO, Sept. 26.— Opening prices In Wheat
Showed practically no change from yesterday's
closing figures. Trading was light at first
with the professional element Inclined to sell
on the theory that the recent advance had
about reached its climax, while commission
houses had fair buying orders from the coun
try. Early statistical news was decidedly
■ bullish, and soon after the opening, a marked
falling off In offerings took place, with an in
crease in the demand and a fair advance re
sulted. Some nervousness was shown by Sep
tember shorts and the spread between Septem
ber and December widened at one time to l%c.
Humors were current of a squeeze In 'Decem
ber and an Increase of only 443,000 bushels in
contract stock tended to increase the uneasi
ness of shorts. Nevertheless the professional
i element continued to sell and though offerings
were • well absorbed for some time the short
selling and profit-taking ultimately weighted
down the market and In the afternoon prices
slowly declined. Bradstreets report on the.
1 world's visible made the increase 3,354,000
bushels. This was much larger than looked
for and the market soon after Its announcement
i became heavy, with increased general selling.
Liverpool was strong and '•.'u : higher. This
i had considerable Influence on the early
i strength. December opened a shade lower at
73V't&73%e, advanced irregularly to 73V4c and
later declined to 73c, closing at that price.
September sold between 74c and 75% c and closed
%c lower at 74c.
Corn was quite active. The market early
■was strong, principally in sympathy with
Wheat. ■ There was .plenty of Corn for sale,
holders of December and May especially tak
ing profits. But September was offered liberally
at 3f>c by concerns supposed to be big holders.
Prices gradually declined late In the session
' under liberal selling. December ■ closed %c
! lower at 30c. September closed %c lower at
34% c.
Oats in a general way followed other grain
markets with a good trade. Early an advance
; took place on a good general buying, but later
profit-taking, which started when other mar
-1 kets turned downward, resulted In the loss of
| all the gains.
Provisions in the main were , firm, witn fair
'■ trade. Heavy sales of Lard for export were
reported, which made packers large buyers of
October product and resulted In a steady mar
: ket all around. There was a disposition to
sell January on the small rallies. Liverpool
reported 6d advance on Hams and Bacon. Janu
ary Pork closed unchanged at $9 75: January
Lard 2%<{?nc higher at fa 55ifj5 57%, and Janu
ary Ribs 2%e lower at $5 10.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
September- 74% 75% 74 . 71
December 73% -,?.%. 73 73
May 75% 76 -75% 75%
Corn No. 2—
I September 35 35 34 34%
December 30% 30% 30 30 .
May 30% 30% 3fli4 30%
Oats No. —
September 23 23% 22% 22%
December 22% 23 22Vi 22%
! May 23% 24% 23% 23%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
October 8 17% 8 20' 810 S 17V.
December 820 835 : 8 25% 8 32%
I January '. 9 77% 9SO 975 975
: Lard, per 100 lbs— - • • .-' *
October ....5 32% 5 37% 6 32% 5 37%
| December 5 42% 545 5 42% 5 45"
January 5 52% 5 67% 6 52% 5 57%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— '
October 515 '5 17% 515 515
January 510 5 12% 510 510
[ Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, firm;
No. 3 Spring Wheat, 68H@"lc; No. 2 Red, <3%c;
No. 2 Corn, 34^c; No. 2 Oats, 22»i l Jj23%c; No. 2
White. 25Hc; No. 3 White. 24%®25H«: No - 2
Rye. BSc; No. 2 Barley, 40(fT46c; No. 1 Flaxseed,
Jill; new, Jl 12; Prime Timothy Seed, $2 40,
Mess Pork, per bbl, $7 66©8 20; Lard, per 100
lbs. $5 22V£(p'5 40; Short Ribs sides (loose), Jr. X.'a
D 40; • Dry Salted Shoulders (boxed; • 6<g6Wic;
Short Clear Sides (boxed), $5 50©8 55; Whisky,
distillers' finished goods, per gal, $1 22; Clover,
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrel* IS Win 11.00(1
Wheat, bushels ' 260,000 6,000
Corn, bushels 952,000 637,000
OatS, bushels nlO 000 55R.000
Rye bushel* " 29,000 1,000
Barley, bushels 168.000 78,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; Creamery, 16(fi22Hc: Dairy.
13i5TlSc; Cheese, firm. ll<gll«c; Eggs, firm, fresh
151 ..\
Foreign Futures.
<g — ' — —
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Dec. Mar.
Opening 5 10% 6 *i 6 2%
Closing 5 10% 6% 6 2</s
PARIS.
Wheat— Sept. Jan. -Apr.
Opening 19 35 20 30
Closing 19 30 20 30
Flour —
Opening "... 25 60 26 85
Closing 24 65 26 85
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. Sept. 26.— Special cable and
telegraphic. dispatches to Bradstreets indicate
the following changes in available supplies
last Saturday:
Wheat— United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, increase, 1.4C6.000 bushels; afloat
Cor and in Europe, increase. 1.900.000 bushels;
total supply increase, 3.316, bushels.
Corn — United States and Canada, east of the
! Rocky Mountains Increase. 80.000 bushels.
I Oats— United States and Canada, east of the
: Rockies, decrease. 252.000 bushels.
The aggregate stock of wheat held at Port-
I land. Or., and Tacoma and Seattle increased
46,000 bushels last week.
California Fruit Sales.
NEW YORK, Sept. 26.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany realized the following prices at auction
to-day: Grapes— Malaga. single crates, 65@900,
average 80c. Peaches— Salway, boxes, Weft
$1 15, average SOc. Pears— r.nrtletts. boxes,
$1 4502 SO. average $2 18: halt boxes, 7r,efisl 10,
average $1; Flemish Beauty, .$1 85. Prunes—
Italian, single crates, ;.0cQ»l 10, average 99c.
Unfavorable weather. Ten cars sold to-day.
BOSTON, Sept. 26.— Earl Fruit Company
auctioned California fruit to-day as follows:
Grapes— Tokay, single crate*. 75©86 c. average
81c Peaches— Georges Late, boxes, $1; Levl
Cling $I®l -•"■ average $1 10; October Blush.
$1 25; Salway, $I@l 46, average Si 25. Four cars
sold to-day. • , _ ,
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. -26.— Earl Fruit
Company Bold California fruit to-day at auc
tion as follows: Grapes— single crates,
!tnc?m go, average $1 12. Peaches— Salway,
boxes 92c. Two cars sold to-day.
CHICAGO, Sept. 26.— The Karl Fruit Com
pany realized the following prices at auction
to-day: Grapes—Malaga, sincle crates, race
$1 10 average We Peaches El berta. $1. Pears—
P.artletts. boxes, $1 60«2 66, average $2 08; half
boxes. '■ ■■■■■■ii\ 15, average $1 03. Prunes—
garian, single crates, average $1 10; Hungarian.
9f,c«sl 65. average $1 33; German, 65@90c, aver
age 76c; Italian, average $1 10. Seven cars sold
to-day. Unfavorable hot weather.
« _ : : : — — *
Boston Wool Market.
<^__ — — e>
BOSTON, Sept. 26.— The wool market is
showing a stronger tone and trade Is more
active. The bulk of the business continues to
be confined to territory wools. About 7,000,000
pounds were sold of this description, and some
what higher prices were obtained. For fine
medium and fine territory scoured. 52#53c was
secured, while staple lots reached 56@58c.
Fleece wools are quiet For washed XX and
above Ohio, 31!§32c was obtained, and 29330 c
for x'and above. Michigan and Illinois fleeces
hold steady, but trade 1$ slow. Owing to the
scarcity of Australian wool prices are nominal.
Quotations:
Territory Wools — Montana and Dakota — Fine
medium and fine, 16@18c; scoured. 52(jj53c:
staple 57i@5Sc. Utah and Wyoming— Fine me
dium and fine, 18@19c; scoured, 51Q61c; staple,
... .;..7- Idaho— Fine medium and fine, 17©18 c;
scoured. sH£{s2c; medium, 18@19c; scoured,
43(54Cc.
Australian— Scoured basis, combing, superfine,
80®82c; do. good. 7S©Boc; do. average, 75@77c.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, Sept. 26.— The offerings at the
wool auction sales to-day amounted to 14,042
bales. Including a miscellaneous catalogue of
good scoured merinos. The home trade was
a strong buying one. Half breds realized full
figures, being taken by the Continent and
Yorkshire. Well-grown merinos were keenly
competed for, especially half bred. Lambs
caused active competition, the home trade se
curing the bulk. Fine crossbreds were eagerly
taken by Yorkshire and German buyers. Scotch
manufacturers were especially keen bidders for
scoured. A large selection of medium and
low grades sold in sellers' favor. American
representatives were free buyers of fine Punta
Arenas stock at an advance of Id and others
V : -'.l higher. Several parcels were taken for
American account.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Sept. 26.— CATTLE— The demand
to-day was slow, and while a few choice offer
ings brought full prices most sales were at
slight concessions from former quotations.
Good to choice cattle sold at $5 6fl@s 75, com
moner grades at $4 25(55 56: stockers and feed
ers brought $3&5; bulls, cows and heifers, $1 M
5,r. 25; Texas steers, $3 20@4 20; rangers, $3 25©
5 10: calves, $4©7 60. .
HOGS— Prices were 2'ic higher for high
grades. The demand was good and offerings
were easily disposed of. Heavy hogs sold at ,
$4 15@4 75 ' mixed lots at $4 40©4 SO, light at
$<! :.'.il 85. Pigs brought |4©4 75 and culls $2© \
SHEEP and lambs were in moderate demand
at fairly steady prices. Sheep sold at $2 2SQ4 80
I for Inferior to choice droves. Western rangers
■ selling at $3 I"''/ I 15. Lambs sold at $3 25@5 50
i for inferior to choice, range flocks bringing
I $4 50<g5 18.
Receipts— 7500; hogs, 21,000; sheep, 12,
--000. ■ . . '
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or.. Sept. Clearings, $253,
--526; balances, $61,779.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. Local -buyers are
' not displaying so much anxiety about secur
ing wheat as they were a short time ago and
will not quote much if anything above export
values, which are difficult to determine accu
rately owlnsr to the wide difference in what
> ship owners demand and exporters offer for
shipment. The spot tonnage in port has been
well taken care of and no new engagements
hav'a been made lately. Walla Walla, 5S@5Mc;
valley, 60@61c; blue stem, 62c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Sept. Wheat arrivals are on
the increase. Offerings are more plentiful. No
changes are noted: Club, SS^c; bluestem,
CIV*.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Sept. 26.— Consols, 104 7-16; sliver.
27% d; French rentes, lOOf 54c; wheat ■ cargoes
off coast, buyers indifferent operators; car
goes on passage, rather firmer.
LIVERPOOL, Sept. Wheat, firm; wheat
in Paris, dull: flour In Paris, quiet, French
country markets, quiet; weather in England,
unsettled.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 23-32 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot No. 2 red winter firm, 5s lid ;
No. 1 northern spring, firm, fs 2V£d. Futures-
Firm: September, os 10% d; December, 6s %d;
March. 6s 2V4d.
CORN— Spot American mixed new. firm,
3s 1\<1; old. 3s 1-Tid. Futures— Quiet; Septem
ber, 3s 7%d; October, 3s 7V4J; November, 3s
7%d.
Receipts of wheat during the past three days
445,000 centals, including 298,000 American; do
corn. 112.200 centals.
LOCAL MARKETS.
s Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days — $4 84
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87
Sterling Cables — 4 88
New York Exchange, sight .' — 12^
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Mexican . Dollars 48 487*
Fine Silver, per 0unce......: — 58%
Wheat and Other Grains.
■ . . ■.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Spot chartering Is very
dull and rates are nominal. The chartered
wheat fleet in port has .a : registered | tonnage
of 20,740, against 17,400 tons on the same date
last year: disengaged. 8500 tons, against 40 ,oo
' on the way to this port, 227,000 tons, against
173.000. .
WHEAT— The Bretagne takes for Cork b4&i
ctls, valued at $7176. , ..
Liverpool opened ' 2 d higher, and Broomhall
reported a good spot demand. London closed
strong at an advance of %d. .
The Chicago market was not materially
changed, but light offerings caused strength.
Receipts in the Northwest were light, and there
was more disposition to buy. The demand
was speculative at Chicago, hut a good ex
port demand was reported on the seaboard.
Liverpool sent bearish Russian crop new?.
The local situation was weak, with a shad
ing In futures.
Spot Wheat-Shipping, $1 02Vfefri 05; milling,
$1 O7'/jrC(7l 10.
CALL ROARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — May — 2000
ctls, f\ \*%. ,„,
Second Session— December— 4000 ctls, II 10%.
May 2000, $1 167*. nnn 
Regular Morning Session— December— 40W ctls,
$1 10V 2000 $11<Hh; 22,000, $110. May— Booo,
$1 16V 4 ; 10,000, $1 16Vfe.
Afternoon Session— December— 2ooo ctls. HW
BARLEY— The Bretagne takes for Cork 53,037
ctls, valued at $.'7,510.
The market continued neglected, both on ana
off call, and quotations were not materially
C Feed. 75®82%c; Brewing, 90<5'95c; Chevalier,
$l(gl 12Vs per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session- 9:tß o'clock— No sales.
Second Session -December— 2ooo ctls. S47«c.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— The market lias relapsed into stag
nation. No change in prices Offerings,
though not large, are sufficient for all imme
diate needs. White, $1 0691 20; Red, fl OF.f?
1 12M,: Black, 92u, c <S$l 024.  .
CORN— Dealers are not offering anything, as
the demand is insignificant. Eastern large
Yellow, $1 05; White and mixed, $1 02@l 05 per
RYE- -90ff95c per ctl. Dealers continue to re
port a fair Interior demand.
BUCKWHEAT- Nominal.
* Flour and Millstnffs.
California family extras, $3 60(?3 75,
usual terms: bakers' extras, $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington. $3 40fi3 50 per barrel for ex
tra. $3 25@3 40 for bakers' and $2 25*33 for su
perfine. , ,
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra Cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal. $4 50@4 75;
Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy, .$3 25#r3 60 : Buck
wheat Flour, $4©4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Farina $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), 16 6696 95; In sacks. $6 3596 75;
Pearl Barley, 16; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas.
$5 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Hay Is coming in too freely again, and while
there Is no decline the market is weak and
dull. Feedstuffs remain as previously quoted.
BRAN— SIS 50917 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 60919 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFF?— RoIIed Barley, $17 50@18 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. 127928; jobbing,
$2* 50929; Cocoanut Cake, {20921; Cornmeal,
J23 50924 50; Cracked Corn. $24(§25; Mixed Feed,
(16916 50; Cottonseed Meal, $28 per ton.
Wheat, $798 50 for common to good
and $9(fi9 2.'. for choice; Wheat and Oat. 160
8 60; Oat, $6#B; Barley, 1697; Island Barley,
$595 SO; Alfalfa, $5 50<g,7 per ton; Compressed,
$6 5099.
STRAW— 3O@3Sc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans are steady at previous prices. Some
changes in Seeds and Peas will be observed.
BEANS— $1 8691 75; Small White,
$2 1692 15: Large Whit--. 11600175; Pinks,,
$2 1592 25; Reds, $1; Blackeye, $3®3 25; But
ters, nominal; Limns. $1 0594 15; Pea, $2 10®
2 15; Red Kidneys, $2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, 2^'sJ3c: Yellow
Mustard, 2%94c; Flax, nominal; Canary Seed, '
:.-..■ per 1b for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2»£ ( g3c; Hemp, 4@4'ic;
Timothy, 4@4%C
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 50@l 65; Green, $1 75
■i\ M per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The market for Potatoes and Onions Is dull
and weak:
Vegetables continue cheap and plentiful. To
matoes can be bought for a song. Peas and
Beans are higher.
POTATOES— River Reds. 60@70C; Early Rose. |
iOlcjSZc: Burbanks, 40?T65c per ctl; Salinas Bur
banks. 90c<g'$l 10; Sweet Potatoes, $191 25 for
Rivers and $1 50©l 65 for Merced.
| ONIONS— per ctl; Pickle Onions, 50® j
I 75c per ctl.
! VEGETABLES— Peas. 3',c per lh; j
i String Beans. 2%©2 c; Lima Beans, lV£@2c;
Cabbage, 50<ije0c; River Tomatoes. 10gl5c: Ala- !
meda Tomatoes. 17%i?j25c: Egg Plant. 23@35c;
Green Okra. 85960 c per box; Dried Okra. 12Hc
per lb: Garlic. 2 r fi3c; Green Peppers. 25@35c for
Chili and 23©35 c per box for Bell; Carrots. 30(0'
40c per sack; Bay Cucumbers, 2S@33c; Pickles.
$1 75 per ctl for No. 1 and 75c for No. 2; Sum
: mer Squash, 25(f130c; Marrowfat Squash. $6<ffiS ■
j per ton; Green Corn, 50975 c per sack; 50c@$l
per crate for Alameda and 60975 c for Berke
ley.
Poultry and Game.
The arrival of four cars of Eastern thus far
this week has depressed the market and prices ,
| are generally lower.
High prices still rule for Game upon slender
receipts.
in. TRY— Turkey-!. 15@lGc for Gob
lers and 15916 c for Hens: Young Turkeys. IS© ;
; 19c; Geese, per pair, $1 75<52; Goslings, $1 7592;
Ducks, $4(54 50 for old and $S@6 50 for young:
Hens $4@5; young Roosters, $4@5 50; old ,
Roosters. $43 4 50; Fryers, $3 5094; Broilers.)
$3 25(53 50 for large, $2 7593 for small: Pigeons, j
$1 2591 50 per dozen for old and $1 Vs@2 for j
Squabs. • - '-*,»■'"
GAME— Doves, tWI 25 per dozen: Grouse, $S
09; Sag.» Hens, : Mountain Quail, $4(?T5: I
Hare. $1 25; Rabbits, $1 50; Gray Geese, in bad
condition owing to warm weather. $1 25; Jack
Snipe, per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter shows no change. There is plenty on
the market, though strictly fine creamery is j
i not abundant. Cheese stands as before quoted. [
Eggs are rather higher under moderate
' stocks and a steady demand.
I BUTTER— ■
! Creamery — Fancy Creamery, 25c, with
specials at 26c: seconds, 23<g24c.
Dairy— 22%i&23c; good to choice, 21-g)
j 22c: store, nominal. ~-.~l'. ,
Pickled roll, 21(521%c; firkin, 20; creamery
i ' tub. 21 1 -'?i22 1 per lb. 'V ' : -
Eastern. 17M;C for ladle packed.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, lie: old. 109
1 lO^c; Young America, ll®HV4c; Eastern. 14®
15c
EGGS— Quoted at 21@25c for store and 27%©
31c per dozen for ranch; Eastern. 22@25c for
selected. 21@22c for No. 1 and 17@20c for sec
onds. ,
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Lemons are dull at the decline. Limes are |
very scarce and are being kept for regular cus
tomers. '■'■: i
Wine Grapes are in light receipt and firm
at the high prices. Table Grapes are un
| changed and slow. .
Tree fruits stand about the same, except '
Figs, which are lower and dull, and Apples, '
which are firmer. !
Melons are coming In more freely and the
1 tendency Is downward. i
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— |
Apples. 35(5 60c per box for common and 75c i
@$1 25 for good to choice.
BERRIES — Blackberries, per chest;
! Strawberries, $8 per chest for small and $2@3 50
I for large berries; Raspberries, $3@4 per chest; !
I Huckleberries, s®Bc per lb: Wisconsin Cran- I
I berries, $S per bbl; Cape Cod Cranberries, $8 50 I
! @9 50. -
Grapes, 26986 c per box for Sweetwater, 25@
40c for ' Black, 35@40c for Muscat. 30@50c for '
Tokay, 60965 c for Seedless, 40@50c for Cornl- ,
chon and 35@40c for Isabellas; crates sell 10@15c
higher: Wine Grapes, $20@25 per ton for
Zdnfantlel and $IS@2O for White.
Watermelons, $s<t?2o per 100.
Cantaloupes, 50c(55l 25 per crate; Nutmegs,
20950 c per box.
Pomegranates — 40@50c per box.
Pears, Bartlett. $1 25@1 50 per box; Winter
Pears. 4<X5-75c per box. i
Figs 40&.50 c ocr box for double layers of ;
black. ;•;-••-;.: i
Peaches, 40ffr75c per box. ;
Plums and Prunes, 35@73c per box and crate. ;
Quinces, 35<fi50c per box. ;
CITRUS FRUITS — Lemons. $I@2 for com- !
mon and *3«?4 for good to choice; Mexican •
Limes $7 50(5 5; California Limes, $tffl 25; Ba
nanas,. $1 50@2 50 per hunch; Pineapples, $1@
I 2 50 per dozen. ■ .
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
Prices for new Walnuts have been established
as quoted below. Almonds continue stiff.
Fruits show no further change. ' There Is no
boom In Peaches, but they are very firm and
' active. Pears are in sharp demand and stiff, j
! and Apples and Nectarines are extremely
I scarce. Prunes and Apples are the only weak.
I descriptions on the list, and both are dull.
DRIED FRUITS (New Crop)— Prunes, In
1 sacks, 5%c for 40-50' s, 4c for 50-60' s, B%c for
j 60-70* S, 3<@3Vic for 70-80' 5,.3@3&c for 80-90's and I
I 2V4@2%c-for 90-100's; Apricots, 10@llc for Roy- •
i als. 14<irl5c for Moorparks and 12'c12Uc for Blen- :
1 helms; Peaches, 4Vj (? ''sc for Standards, :,-.,n;
--for choice and 6%97c for fancy; peeled Peaches, :
10@llc; Evaporated Apples, fiifffi'ie; Sun-dried,
: .4@sc per lb; Nectarines, 7^<fTSe per lb for
red and S@9c for white; Pears, s@7c for quar
ters and 7 Vs fff 9c for halves; Black Figs, 3c • '
1 White Figs, 6@-6V4c; Plums, E%@6c for dark and
I 7@7V4c for bleached. •
.: RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown, 5%c for, four-crown, SQIAtc for Seedless
, Sultanas. 6@loc for bleached Thompson's Seed
less and $1 20 for London Layers; Dried Grapes,
2%9*C. .■■■-■ i;:_ .. -■ -.: . . ■ ■ ■ -, |.
1 j ; Walnuts, new crop, 6V*c for standards I
■ I and B%c for softshell; Chile Walnuts, . Il@l2c;. |
; ■ ■ .-.-■.■ ..-.-■
Almonds, 10H@ll%c for paper-shell. B@9c for
soft and 4@sc for hardshell: i-e.ii.uts s*i@6Ve
for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, B%®9c; Filberts. . 11®
llVic; Pecans. 7%08o; Cocoanuts. $4 6006. •
HONEY— Comb, ll%c for bright and lO&e or
light amber; water white extracted. iV"
light amber extracted, SV4@7c; dark, sVic per
lb. i
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb. .• .
Provisions. "
Dealers report a fair demand for barreled
goods on Government account for the Philip
pines. Bacon and Lard are active and firm and
there Is a steady outward movement in Hams.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9c per lb for heavy,
SV-'&iOo for light medium, 11M><" for light. 13c for
extra light and 13' c for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams. 13i,4c: California Hams. 13c;
Mess Beef. $11 per bbl; extra Mess, $12 50; Fam
ily $14; extra Prime- Pork. $12 50; extra clear,
$16 50; mess. {15*115 50; Smoked Beef, 12c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 696% C per lb for
compound and 7%c for pure: halt barrels, pure,
Sc: 10-lb tins. 8%o; 5-lb tins. Be.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%@7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Hops are dull and weak. Growers are hold
ing back their crops as a rule, hoping to ob
tain better prices later on.
Free fall Wools are selling well, but defec
tive grades are dull. The Wool market as a
rule is firm.
Hides remain stiff and in quick demand at
the recent advance. V' ;v
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
steers, lie; medium, 10& c; light, 10c; Cow
hides, 9V-@10c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c; Dry Hides, sound, 17c; culls and brands,
13c; Dry Kip and Veal, 16c; dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins. yearlings, Zo@3oc each; short
Wool. 35©60 c each; medium. 70@90c; long Wool,
90c® $1 10" each; Horse Hides, salt. 12 ft 225 for
large and $1 25$ 1.50 for small: Colts, 25@50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4%@'>c per lb; No.
2, 4!fi4' /£ c; refined, ; grease, 2@2%c.
WOOL— Spring Clips— Valley Oregon, 17<g>18c:
Eastern Oregon. 12@14c for choice and 9@llV6c
for fair to good.
Fall Clip— San Joaquin Lambs, 8@10c; do
plains, 7(i?Sc; San Joaquin and Southern Moun
tain. | S9c; Northern free, _9@llc; do. de
fective, 7V>@loc per.lb.
HOPS— at 10@12c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Local Jobbers report a rood demand for
Beef for the outgoing transports. Veal Is firm
at the high prices. Mutton and Lamb are
steady at the quotations. Supplies of Hogs
are sufficient for all Immediate needs and the
market Is rather weak than otherwise.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7@7%c per lb for Steers and 6V4@7c
for Cows. '
VEAL— per lb. *
MUTTON— 7c; Ewes, 6%c per lb.
LAMB— Spring, B(gß%c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, si£efs%c for small, 5%c
for medium and s^c for large; stock hogs and
Feeders, sVic; dressed Hogs, 7@S%c.
General 'Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7(37%c; Wool
Bags, 26<528c; Fruit Bags. 5Uc, 5Hc and 6c for
: the three grades of white and 7@TV4o for
bleached jute.
BALE ROPE— Manila, 14c; Sisal and
Manila Mixed, 13c; Duplex Sizes, 12c.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southneld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
S6; Bryant. $6; Coos Bay, $6; Wallsend, $7 50:
Scotch, $8; Cumberland. $9 50 in bulk and $10 75
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $12; :
Cannel. $S per ton; Rock Springs and Castle j
Gate, $7 €0; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14 In
sacks.
■ CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas, $I@l 50; As
-1 paragus. ; Tomatoes, 75@S0c.
CANNED FRUlTS— Cherries, $2 15@2 30 for
black an.! $2 15©2 30 for white; Peaches, $1 30©
165; Pears. $1 5001 SO; Apricots, $1 20@l 70;
i Plums. 95c@$l 25.
; COFFEE— Costa Rica— l2Kfil6c for prime
i washed; ll«il2VjC for good washed; 11 15c for
| good to prime washed peaberry; 9911 c for good
! to prime peaberry; 9@llVic for good to prime;
S@9Vic nominal for good current mixed with
black beans; S@9c for fair: s%ft7c for common
to ordinary. Salvador— 9l? ll^c for good to '
i prime washed; B@B%c for fair washed; 2 @llVjC
for good to prime washed peaberry; 7%(gS3ic ■
for good to prime semi-washed; 7V4@B%c tori
superior unwashed: 7 l 2 c for good green un
washed; B%«T9>ic for good to prime unwashed .
peaberry; 5<56»;c for common to ordinary. '
Nicaragua— l4@l6'ic for prime to fancy washed;
B@llc for fair to good washed; 7Vi@7%c nomi- !
I nal for good to superior unwashed; B%@!%c
I nominal for good to prime unwashed peaberry. 1
Guatemala and Mexican— l2Tils»<j<.t for prime to
fancy washed; 9't>';ille for good to -strictly good
! washed; 8*590 for fair washed; 7@7»4c for mc
i dlum; 4'iiti 1 ->c for inferior to ordinary; ld'ffll'ac
■ for good to prime washed peaberry; S%(g9Vic
I for good to prime unwashed peaberry; 7^4®
SVic for good to superior unwashed.
i LEATHER— SoIe, heavy, 25@28c per lb; Sole
Leather, medium. 25<j?26c: Sole Leather, light. ;
25(8 26c: Rough Leather, heavy, 25@26c: Rough j
Leather, light, 2.">?f2fic: Harness Leather, heavy,. ,
32(fi33c: Harness Leather, medium. 30632 c: Har- i
! nei«s Leather, light. 29«?30c; Collar Leather, 13@
! Me per foot; Kip, finished, 40@45c per lb: Veal. ■
| finished, riO<g»c: Calf, finished, 75cg$l 20; Sides,
I finished. 16(??17c per foot; Belt Knife Splits, 14® \
16c; rough Splits, SifflOc per lb.
OlL— California Castor Oil. cases. No. 1. 75c;
pure, $1 10; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled, 56c;
raw," 54c; cases. 5c more: Lard Oil, extra win
ter strained, barrels. 47c: No. 1, 42% c; casej.
5c more: China Nut, 47@5Sc per gallon; pure i
Neatsfoot Oil, barrels. 60c; cases. 65c: Sperm, I
' pure 60c: Whale Oil, natural white, 32Vic; Pa- j
I ciflc Rubber Mixer Paints, white and house
colors, $1 25<ffl 35 per gallon; wagon colors, ?2@ I
$2 25 per gallon.
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE, ETC.— Wnter- |
white Coil Oil. in bulk. 12» s c; Pearl Oil. in
: cases. 18% c; Astral, ISVjc; Star, lM 2 r; Extra
Star Oil. 22% c; Elaine. 23Uc; Eocene. 20% c; De
odorized Gasoline, In bulk, 16c; do, cases. 22c; \
Benzine, in bulk, 15% c; do, cases, 21% c; 86 de- |
! gree Gasoline, In bulk, 21c; do, cases, 27c per
i gallon.
I CANDLES— Light Candles, 6s, 16 oz,
| 9^c; 6s, 14 oz. R%c: 6s. 12 oz. 7"^c: 6s, 10 oz,
i 6V". Granite Mining Candles— 6s, 16 oz, 40s,
| 10c; 6s. 16 oz, 2Cs, 10V*c; 6s, 14 oz. 40s. 9c: 6s. 14 j
I oz. "os. 9'< 4 e; 6s, 12 cz. SVic; 6s, 10 oz. 7%c.
i Paraffin*? Wax Candles— ls, 2s, 4s and 6s,
I white, lie; Is, 2s. 4s and 6s, colored, 12c; 12s,
white. ll^c: 12s. colored, 12% c.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 6>4@7Ue; Red
Lead and Litharge. 6%<fi7Vic per lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases, 69c; in iron bar
rels, 64c: in wooden barrels, 66c.
LUCOL Boiled, barrels, 49c; raw, barrels, I
47c; cases, 5c more.
I QUICKSILVER— S46 per flask for local use
, and $41 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5%c: Pow
dered, 5%c; Candy Granulated, se; Dry Granu
lated. 4 7 « c; Confectioners' A. 4 T £e; California
A, — : Magnolia A, 4V4c; Extra C, 4%c: Golden
C, 4>4c; barrels, l-16c more; half-barrels, %c
more; boxes. '/4c more; 50-lb bags, %c more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent. Dominoes, half-barrels, s?*c; boxes,
6c per lb. ■
Lumber.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows:
Pine, ordinary sizes, $16@17; extra sizes, high
er; Redwood, $17@18 for No. 1 and ?15@16 for
No. 2; Lath, 4 feet, $2 20@2 30; Pickets, $18;
1 Shingles, $1 50@l 75 for common and $2 75 for
; fancy. Shakes, $11 for split and $12 for sawn;
! Rustice, $21@27.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER 26.
j Flour, qr sks 17. Straw, tons 39
Wheat, ct15....... 13.173 Hops, ' hales 203
' Barley, ctls ... 52,976 Wool, bags 273 !
! Oats, ctls.. 3So] Pelts, bdls ISO
Cheese, ctls 126 Hides. No 847
i Butter, ctls 89 Leather, r0115.... 162
| Beans, sks 675 Eggs, doz 7.740
! Potatoes, sks 4,943 Sugar, bbls 2,375
| Onions, sks • 559 Quicksilver, fisks 50
: Bran, sks... 1,000 Wine, gals 80,700
Middlings, sks.... 610 Chicory, bbls 50
' Sugar, sks 620 Raisins, bxs 250
i Hay, tons 838
; OREGON.
j Flour, qr sks Sl6| Oats, ctls 870 '-■
! -■.'.-- .
THE STOCK MARKET.
I Securities sold well on the morning session,
but fluctuations were insignificant. Business
was quiet In the afternoon.
Mining storks were irregular, there being
no general movement either way until the !
afternoon, when prices declined. The telegram !
from the pump said: "At 6:30 this morning '
, the water was "S feet 9 inches below the 1950
--foot level station. We stopped No. 2 elevator
twenty minutes."
The ore shipments from the mines of Eureka
district. Nevada, by rail for the week ending
September 22 were as follows: Hamburg mine,
46,790 pounds; Jackson mine, TO.S-io pounds;
. Richmond mine. 1M.130 pounds. White Pine
County— Rocco — Homestake mine, 63.350 pounds; j
Paul Bros. mine. 35, 150 pounds.
The Pennsylvania Mining Company of Grass
Valley has declared its thirty-third dividend,
at the rate of 20 cents per share.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, Sept. 2fi— 2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Equit O L Oi. t,\ 5
U S Bonds— i Mutual El Co. 16 17
i 4s quar coup..ll2H — Hid. Ask.
'«s quar reg.... — — |O GL & 11... 49 50
I<« quar new... — 131>4!Pac Gas Imp. 65 66
3s quar coup..lOSMjlo9 'Par L r.i 41 4m,
Miscellaneous— : S F G & E... 65\ 66U
Cnl-st Cab 55. 11" 'San Fran 3% 3*.
C C Wat 6s...loß>4lo9M!:Stockton Gas.. U -
Kd L t 1 J t>s..uu — i Insurance —
iF & dRy 65. 114 — Firem"3 Fund. 22s —
'. lieary-st R ss. — 95 Hank Stocks—
IHr fk S n^s. 107^4 — Anelo-Cal .... « —
LA Ry 38....10S — Bank of Ca1...254 —
1. A L Co tis.. Hit — Cat Sl3 .V 1.. - MS
Do gntd fis.. 99 — l^lrst Natlonl.. — 245
I Do gntd 55.. — 100 [ Lon I' & A....125V4 —
!L,A &P R 55. 103 104V4 Mer Exchange — lfi
i Murket-st «5...1i!64 — Nev Nat 8k..U3 100
Do Ist M os.llnVi — Paving* Hunks—
INCNGK 75. 112 — Ger S& L. ..1850 —
I N Rof Cal 63.114 — I Hum S & L..1050 IV
AUCTION SALES.
|Jj SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
fls%^ $P§^
At Grand Arcade Horse Market, Ml Sixth St.
THIS DAY.
WEDNESDAY Sept. 27. at 11 a. m.
We will sell by auction by order of A. W.
St. Clair, a lot of Samples, consisting of
4 Top Buggies, 8 Op°n Buggies, I Phaetons.
1 Surrey, 1 Rubber-Tired Top Buggy, 4 Two-
Seated Wagons, 2 Delivery Wagons. ! Road
Carts, 2 Petaluma Carts, 1 French Cart, cost
$350 in France; also a lot of new Double an i
Single Harness. All this stocK ran be seen
at our warehouse until day of sale. Also a:
same place and time we will sell 30 Horses
fit for all purposes.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE.
Live Stock "uctioneers.
P. J. BARTH, Ancioneer.
GRAND ART AUCTION TO-DAY
At 2 and 7:30 p. m., at 414 McAllister st ; tIO.OOi
stock of European and Japanese Art Goods arid
Curios, without reserve; chairs provided.
N R of Cal r.s.ll.'.'ilir.^lMut Say Bk. — <:%
N P C R R 65. 105 IDS S F Say U.. 500 — '
NPC R R 55.106? i — jfiav & L So. — 82*,
N Cal R R 59.111 — . Sec Say Bk. — 310 "
O G L & H Bs.lOS&llOVi Union T C 0.1400 1440
Oak Trans 65. 11 l — j Street Railroads —
Om CRy 65. ..128 130 California ....120 —
P&CI Ry 65. 106 — Geary 50 —
Pk &O Ry 65. 115 — Market-st .... 63% 63%
Powell-st R65.118 — Oak S L&H. — 50
Sac El G&RSS — — ! Presidio 16 —
SF& N P 55.113%113% Powder—
S F & S JVSs.II6 116 V California ....150 165
SRy of Cal 65.10»H — X Dynamite... SS —
S P of A 65.... — 113 V. Giant Con Co.. 754 76%
S P C 65(1905).110i4 — ' Vigorit 2% 2%.
S P C 65(1906).112'^114V. Sugar—
S P C 6s(1912).121%121& Hana P C 0.... 14% 15*4
HyCls eg ss.l»2Vi — Haw C&SCo 96 —
SPBr 6s 125 — | Hutch S P Co. 30»4 30\
S V Wat 65... 114 — Kilauea S Co.. — 30
S V Wat 4«. .104 — | Makaweli S C. 4SVI 49
SV W 45(3dm)101%103 Onomea S Co. 39% —
Stktn Gas 65.. — — Paauhau S Co. 37y, —
Water Stocks— Miscellaneous—
Contra Costa.. 72% 73 Al Pac Assn..ll7Ullß
Marin County. 60 — Mer Ex Asun.. — 100
Spring Valley.lol%lol% Oceanic 8 Co.. SSVi 89
Gas and Electric— Pac A F A.... 1% —
Central Gas Co — — 1 Pac C Bor Co.. — 142£
Cent L & P... 5^4 B*4: Par Paint Co. 8% —
Morning Session.
Board—
6 Bank of California 255 00
75 Contra Costa Water 73 00
25 Giant Powder Con, s 90 76 50
20 Giant Powder Con 76 50
250 Hutchinson S P Co 30 23
20 Makaweli 48 75
20 Makaweli 48 62VS
30 Market Street Railway 63 25
325 Market Street Railway 63 50
110 Market Street Railway 63 62*4
35 Oceanic S S Co 88 75
5 Paauhau S P Co 37 62&
10 Pacific Gas Imp 65 00
2SO S F Gaslight (cash) 3 50
45 S F Gas & Electric Co 65 75
20 S V Water Ml 37>£
Street—
20 Giant Powder Con 76 75
Afternoon Session.
Board—
Bank of California 285 00
75 Equitable Gas 5 00
45 Giant Powder Con 76 87^4
100 Hutchinson S P Co 30 50
85 Makawelt 4S 75
Market Street Railway 63 50
20 Oceanic S S Co 88 75
120 Onomea Sugar Co 40 00
20 Onomea Sugar Co, b 5 40 00
100 Paauhau S P Co 37 50
$2000 S F & N P Ry Bonds 113 62>J
15 S V Water 101
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board-
SO Equitable Gas 4 75
30 Makaweli Sugar Co 4S 75
40 Paauhau Sugar Co 37 62*4
100 Pac Aux Fire Alarm 1 62>4
10 S V Water 10175
25 S F Gas & Electric 66 25
Afternoon Session.
Board—
25 Contra Costa Water 73 00
20 Giant Powder 76 50
25 Giant Powder 76 75
50 Hutchinson Sugar 30 12VJ
10 Market Street Railway 63 62^
30 S F Gas & Electric 65 f>2i a
20 S F Gas & Electric 65 50
20 S V Water 10150
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock- Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Andes 131 100 Mexican 42
100 Best & Belcher 41 100 Mexican At
800 ("hollar 42 200 Ophir 1 10
SSO Con Cal & Va..l €0 300 Overman 22
100 Hale & Norcrs. 30 600 Overman 21
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 22 200 Mexican 37
200 Best & Belcher 39 100 Mexican 36
300 Bullion 04 100 Ophir 100
50 Caledonia 71 1 300 Overman 22
100 Chollar 41 1 600 Potosi 52
500 Con Cal & Va..l 50 200 Savage 27
100 Crown Point... 17 400 Sierra Nevada. 6S
200 Gould & Curry. 22 500 Union Con 38
1000 Hale & Norcrs. 30 100 Union Con 37
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Andes 13 1 800 Justice OS
600 Best & Belcher 41 300 Mexican 42
300 Best & Belcher 40 200 Ophir 1 05
200 Best & Belcher 39 100 Ophir 1 "T-..
100 Caledonia 71! 600 Potosi 54
500 Con Cal & V.I 62 l i- 100 Potosi 53
850 Con Cal & V...1 60 100 Sierra Nevada. 74
60") Con Cal & V...1 65 400 Sierra Nevada. 73
300 Crown Point... 20 200 Sierra Nevada. 70
300 Gould & Curry 24! 300 Union Con 41
200 Hale & Norcrs. 301 500 Utah 13
Afternoon Session.
500 Alta 03 200 Ophir 105
300 Andes 11; 700 Overman 22
700 Best & Belcher 39 500 Overman 23
200 Best & Belcher 41 900 Overman 24,
500 Bullion 05 400 Potosi 53
300 Challenge Con.. 30 200 Potosi 64
500 Chollar 41 200 Savage 28
400 Con Cat & Va..l 50 400 Sierra Nevada. «9
L ■•>■ Con Cal ft Va..l 55, £00 Sierra Nevada. 70
200 Crown Point... 181 200 Union Con 39
600 Gould & Curry. 22 700 Yellow Jacket.. 2>
300 Hale & Norcrs. 30
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, September — ( p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid.Ask.
Alpha 03 05 Justice 08 09
Alta 03 05 Kentuck 03 —
Andes 11 12 Lady Wash 01 02
Belcher 23 25 Mexican 37 38
Best & Belcher 40 41 Occidental 22 24
Bullion 03 05 Ophir 1001 H>
Caledonia 73 ■ — Overman ....... 23 25
Chollar 41 42 Potosi 54 55
Challenge Con.. 30 32 Savage 2S 30
Confidence 70 74 Scorpion 03 —
Con Cal & Va..l 60 155 Seg Belcher 02 04,
Con Imperial... 01 02 1 Sierra Nevada. 69 70
Crown Point... 18 20 Silver Hill 02 03
Con New York. — 02 Standard 320 —
E Sierra Nev... 02 — Syndicate — 07
Eureka Con — 50 St Louts 07 —
Exchequer 02 03 Union Con 38 40
Gould & Curry. 22 24 Utah 12 13
Hale & Norcrs. 30 31 Yellow Jacket.. 30 31
Julia — 03
ASSESSMENTS PENDING
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of ' High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Saa
g Francisco. Bay. . Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE—The high -and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
■Wednesday, September 27.
Sun rises 6:02
Sun sets 5:59
Moon rises .. 0:00 a. m.
NOTE—In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given :n the left
hand column and the successive tMes Ol tha
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column • gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the ; last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when ere are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
Continued on Page 13.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
SIMONS FILES
A SENSATIONAL
DIVORCE SUIT
Sues Widow of Late
Charles Kramm.
Oakland Offlci San Francisco Call.
90S Broadway, Sept. 26.
. A sensational divorce suit was flled In
the Superior Court to-day by Anthony
Simons, the well-known mining man,
against Augusta Simons, who before mar
rying him was the wealthy widow of the
late Charles Kramm Sr., the brewer.
The grounds stated in the complaint,
•which was prepared by Attorney J. J.
Bcrivi are cruelty and desertion, and
the trial of the suit promises to create
a stir in the local German colony.
Simons was formerly a part owner in
the Anchor Brewery at Temcscal, which
is now owned by Councilman Charles
Kramm Jr., and his three brothers. In
May, 1535. the widow of the brewer
created considerable surprise by announc
ing' her intention of embarking once more
on the sea of matrimony. She had but
shortly previous engaged Slgnor Peano,
a local sculptor, to fashion in bronze and
gold a bust of her late husband, Charles
Kramm. which had been duly installed
in a prominent niche in the parlor of her
home, and during the same month she
married Simons.
Both parties owned considerable prop
erty and their joint Worth was estimated
at over $100,000. Mrs. Krumm-Simons'
eons, ranging in age from 16 to 22 years,
were opposed to the match from the very
beginning, but their protests proved of no
avail.
The season of marital bliss, however,
ran smoothly for about eight month and
then, according to Simons' complaint, the
wife began treating him harshly and in
humanly, and the sons, who are physical
giants, did all in their power to make life
miserable. Simons charges that the sons
had conspired to bring a bout the rupture
between himself and their mother, suc
ceeding finally in turning: her against their
stepfather.
On one occasion, recites the complaint.
Henry Kramm, one of the giant stepsons,
broke into plaintiff's room at the Krtmm
residence. 314 Telegraph avenue, and as
saulted him. June S. 1597, is set down as
the date of another assault with his wife's
approval, and on that occasion plaintiff,
who was suffering from a broken leg, had
Henry arrested, and the latter was fin^d
Jo.
In the following March Simons went to
Alaska in search of more fortune. Wh<^n
he returned eight months later his "wife
slammed the door in his face and told him
to get out, b?cause she wanted no more
of him."
As his second cause of action Simons
alleges that in March, 1898, his wife de
serted him. He asks the court for a de
cree of divorce, and that property, located
on Grove stroot. which he avers he pur
chased subsequently to the marriage, be
deeded to him, and for $500 attorney's
fees and costs.
The summons in the suit was promptly
served on .Mrs. Simons this afternoon by
Deputy Constable Sullivan, and it is whis
pered that sh*> will file a warm answer.
Some of her friends say that she had to
use her own funds to support herself
after marrying Simons, and that the lat
ter refused to spend any of his money,
but had married her solely to get a
whack a: tier fortune.
FROM HEALTH TO DEATH
IN A FEW HOURS
r»s.ki«nd I PYandseo Call,
Broadway, Sept. 26.
William J. Killip, son of the late promi
■ ed at about 10 o'clock
I ■ - I ame, 960 lirush
expiring before medical aid could
r- ach him. An Inquest was held to-night
into the cause.
Mr. Killip, who waa .'i :| years of age,
■ ntly In the best i t beali b
morning, and he went to San
Franc! I -k after his regular busi
• his return last evening
he complaint d of not feeling well, saying
i him. H<- retired, i
his growing more 111, a dorr •
■ r. However, before the physician.
Stratton, had arrived, Mr. Killip had
Way, 'lui'-tly and evidently pain- i
lesaly.
His death was a severe shock to Mrs
■ Lfl to hia sister, Miss Killip.
San Francisco. He waa a
>wning considerable real ■
in both Oakland and San Francisco. At
time he was interested, like his!
'. in racing, though be was never i
- was Mr. Killii;
Sr. , who died two year.- ago.
The funeral will be held to-morrow in
Francisco, the < hapter of the !
Knights of the Universe, to which he be
inducting the services. His ,
will then be taken to Odd Fellows' ;
and cremated.
Mr. Killip was very well known and I
numth g his friends many of the-|
Santa Clara College. !
where he waa educated.
The autopsi proved that death was due j
to valvular disease of the heart.
YOUNG GRAPE-PICKERS
DECLARE A STRIKE
OAKLAND. Sept. 26.— The school chil
dren employed in grape picking at Liver
more have struck for more wages. They
demand an increase of 33 per cent in the
price paid for picking. They have been
paid $1 50 a ton and they demand $2. A
number of the young toilers held a meet
ing and decided to act In harmony. They
notified their employers that they would
not work longer and returned to their
homes.
So long as the picking was good the
children earned fairly good wages, but
now the grapes are so scattered that It
is impossible to earn enough to pay the
children to work. The strike began on
the Mont Range vineyard, owned by
Charles Bon, and It may become general.
LAID TO BEST.
AI.AMKI'A, Sept. 26.— The funeral of
the late Henry Schuler was held from
Masonic Temple at 2 o'clock this after
noon under th<> auspices of .Oak Grove
Chapter No. 215, F. and A. M.
There was a large attendance of friends
Df the deceased from all parts of the city,
particularly from the West End, where
Mr - buler had resided for over twenty
years. The ca.sket was covered with beau
tiful floral pieces, a large number of
which were sent by friends and organiza
tions of which deceased had been a mem
ber.
The pallbearers were: W. H. Walter,
Joseph Ireland, Peter Klein, G. V. Hus
.v, J. W. Powell and F. C. Bishop.
A long funeral cortege followed the
body to its last resting place in Moun
tain View Cemetery.
A Soldier's Vicissitudes.
OAKLAND, Sept. 26.— C. A. Taylor, a
returning soldier of the Idaho regiment,
had a diversity of experiences yesterday.
Having escaped the deadly bullets of the
Filipinos without a scratch he drew his
coin from the quartermaster yesterday,
and after depositing all save ISO with his
colonel he went to the races at Emery
ville, played Anchored, a long shot, and
won MOO. On his homeward journey to
San Francisco he fell off the train at
West Oakland and sustained a severe
trash under his chin, for which he was
treated at the Receiving Hospital.
Expi-nses for President's Reception.
BERKELEY, Sept. 20.— At a meeting of
the executive committf -e of the .
;■ the University of California,
held l*st night. A. J. Clind, chairman of
.'■.,,'. :>.]].i t ii < to receive President and
Mrs Wheeler on th*ir arrival here, asked
for money r " defray the expenses of the
reception. The commitn-< .-.:
$126 for the purpose. It was decided to
lent wheeler's reception in ihe
jgark . :nst!tute of Art, San Fran
cisco.
MISS GALLOWAY AND
HER PRIZE CARTOON
•
. f^i AKLAND, Sept. 86. -If Miss Josie Galloway intends that the aristocrat
. J I ic Fifth Ward Republican Club shall pay the bonus for her prize car
'l II toon she must bring another action. The banker defendant has paid his
share the defendant minister has defaulted and the defendant attorney
* has taken advantage of a legal technicality to fight that balance of $20.
5 Before Judge Quinn to-day the case came on for trial. Attorney Goodsell
• appeared for the plaintiff and Attorney G. Russell Lukens represented himself.
* Mr Goodsell outlined the case. In the heat of the last campaign the Fifth
. Ward Republican Club, which includes many semi and more reputed million
' aires decided to do something noteworthy, It would have a poem, essay and
* cartoon compel The idea was highly approved by the club, and the con
' ditlons of the contest were published.
• D Edward Collins, the banker, Rev. J. W. Ellis and Attorney G. R. Lukens
. were appointed a committee to award the prizes. Many members contended
• that honorary mention was all the prize that any competitor could expect,
° but Mr Lukens said It would bo necessary to give money prizes, as brains
* would not wort for nothing. So prizes were awarded, and Mr. and Mrs. Lou
* don and Mrs Josie M. Galloway were declared the winners. The successful
* cartoon was exhibited all over the city, but after the Republican majority
, was announced those wealthy Fifth Warders forgot to pay the prize win
° ners They forgot to pay for nearly a year, and finally the distinguished
! committee' was haled before an ordinary Justice of the Peace.
* Attorney Go, >< is. 11 said he understood that the facts of the case would be
* admitted and thai the only question to be tried was that of whether the com
* mJtt( or the club was liable, and consequently he had no witnesses present
. to prove the offer and award of prizes.
D Attorney Lukens refused to admit the facts and also refused to consent to
5 a brief postponement to enable the plaintiff to subpena Rev. J. W. Ellis.
* Banker Collins has paid $20, and the case against him was dismissed. Another
' suit will be brought against Lukens.
I to 19 IS *2 '2*2*2 82 '. 82 82 '. *. *. 88 '. S3 *. *. # . '. '• 82 82 82 *. *. ** 82 82 '• '. *. °<
BITTER LEGAL
BATTLE BETWEEN
THE KRYTSERS
Mother and Son Con
test Over Deeds.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. Sept. 26.
The bitter legal contest between Elisa
beth Krytser and her stepson, Charles J.
Krytser, over the $8001 property located
at 'Eighth and Union streets, deeded by
aged John Krytser to his wife Elisabeth
some time ago. began In real earnest be
fore Superior Judge Hall to-day wh- I
petition cf the son for the appointment
of a guardian over th< and estate
of the father came up for lieu;:
Charles J. Krytser had asked at first
that he be appointed, but the prospect of
an overwhelming opposition resulted in
hia withdrawal, and now be asks Blmply
that some suitable person be app
the ultimate object being to prosecute the
suit against Mrs. Krytser tor the can
ion of the deeds which the son
efl were secured by fraud and undue
influence.
on the witness stand to-day < barl< -
Krytser testified that on several oc< asions
his father had got lost in the sti
where he had been picked up in a dazed
condition. Asked by hia attorneys, L. 11.
Sharjx- and C. E. Robinson, a« to why
h« bad applied for letters of guardlai
witness said his mother Lad gone Kast
and left the father in the care of bia
daughter, Mrs. Wi!i had gone
and left the old man alone, ;>r.d the
father's heaith had been tailing, as well
as his memory, ever Since.
Mrs. Krytser, however, recently re
turned, and waa also called and testified
that when il ■ •■ • Bast in 1896 she gave
her busba i I • he had deeded the
rty to her. The family had resided
here for twentj years and outside of jury
duty hfr husband had done no work. She
rented rooms to support herself and hUS
band, "and for five years," continued wit
ness, "I supported Charles Krytser and
his wife."
Witnesses wei next by .Mrs.
Krytser'S attorney, W. F. Williamson, for
the purpose of Impeaching the petition
ing son, and among these were several
prominent (it,z''i;s: a. Koenig, John
is, A. W. Bishop, L. P. Newieler.T.
L. Ayrt -. G. i ; Daniels and others, all of
whom testified tha Charles J. Krytser'a
ation for truth, honesty and integ
rity ii ;> to a few years ago was bad.
i.>. Postmaster Bishop testified thai
young Krytser's reputation was not fa
vorable, and that while the young man
was connected with the Postofflce he bad
fallen short in his accounts, and that he
,i and drank.
L. P. Newleler is a stepbrother of young
ivryiser. a fact he testified be was "sorry
,-■■." "1 am DOt bud] irted I y my
mother, Mrs. Krytser." said witness, "and
1 own property In my own name. !!••
admitted be waa not friendly with young
Krytser. and said he "had reasons tor not
g him as one brother should an
other."
The elder Krytser is over 78 years of
age. and was unable to appear in court
owing to a serious sick spell that Beized
him to-day. He is a pioneer of Tuolunme
County.
At adjournment time Judge Hall ordered
that further hearing be continued until
r.i"'>:t Monday, and In the meantime his
Honor will call at the Krytser home and
personally examine Mr. Krytser a.s to his
mental condition, which all of Mrs. Kryt
ser'a witnesses avowed was perfectly
sound.
Rats and Matches Cause Fire.
OAKLAND, Sept. 26.— A lire In the
building occupied by the Eagle Drug
Company on Seventh and Henry streets
early this morning is supposed to have
been caused by rats gnawing matches.
Though the building was not greatly
damaged, a stock of toilet articles was
ruined. The loss is fully covered by in
surance. . _•. ■ .
■ » ■
Engagement Announced.
ALAMEUA, Sept. 2b.— J he engagement
is announced of L. E. Malnprlce of Oak
land and Miss Rose H'tm of this city.
Mr. Malnpriee 1h the son of wealthy Eng
lish people. About a year ago he came to
Ban Francisco on the ship Olivebank. and
\\ w:is while there that he met Mihp Horsfc
Six months ago he returned to California
to settle hei
. ♦ ■
Doctor Seriously Injured.
OAKLAND. Sept. 2C— Dr. Alfred S. Hill.
I a prominent local dentist residing at 887
THE SAN FEAKCTSCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1899.
Campbell street, was picked up in an un
condition at Eleventh and
■ ingrton streets to-night and taken to
I Ital. l>rs. Porter and
Btratton pronounce the case concussion
of the brain. There is an ugly cut over
, Hills' li fi eye, and it is supposed that he
slipped and fell on the pavement. His
condition Is regarded s-ricus.
Died While Dining.
OAK I. ANC. Sept. 86.— N. A. Blehop. a
r iiviiiK in W't-st Oakland, dropped
I from hi* chair at dinner to-night and ex-
I instantly. About three weeks ag i
p was working at Third and Linden
fell from the roof and was
; hurt, but apparently Quickly recovered
and winked as usual. To-night tie was
■with Ills family, partaking of the even
j ing meal. While in the act of drinking
;> of tea he slipped to the floor — a
j corpse.
Marriage Licenses Issued.
OAKLAND, Sept. US. — Marriage licenses
wore Issued to-duy to Harry A, Cum
mings, a?- • 28, oi Lansing, Mich., and
Sophia E. James, 23 years, of Oakland;
I • •. Jos< ph Shea, Z7 years, and Grace
Eva Petty, 17 years. Sun Francisco;
lea V. Thompson. 29 years, and Grace
May FiUell. 2'A years, Oakland; Charles
Sanderson, 26 years, Coalinga, Fresno
County, and Mary Sanderson, 30 years,
Beaver Hrouk. Nova Sco'ia.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
R. M. Shackelford of Paso Robles is at
the Lick.
Dr. D. E. Stratton of Chinese Camp Is
at the Grand.
J. J. Ifebbron, the cattleman of Salinas,
is at the Grand.
H. P. Swift, a mining man of Klawack,
Alaska, Is at the Lick.
Lady Russell and son of New Zealand
are at the Occidental.
James N. and A. W. Oliver, attorneys
of Merced, are registered at the Lick.
H. H. Withers and John F. Withers,
merchants of Kingman, Ari7 , are at the
Grand.
Robert T. Peel has sailed for Hawaii.
He will put In several weeks sightseeing
in the Islands.
■ Dr. E. K. Johnstone and wife have re
turned from Manila, and are stopping at
the Occidental.
■ J. F. Dougherty, superintendent of the
Harvey dtning-house, Needles, arrived in
this" city a few days ago.
M. Mcardi, an Italian business man of
San Salvador, Is stopping at the Occi
dental. He Is one of the very wealthiest
men In San Salvador, his Income having
been derived chiefly from his extensive
coffee plantations.
Charles C. Derby, superintendent of the
New Almaden mine, is at the Occidental.
Mr. Derby Is a member of the executive
committee of the State Miners' Associa
tion. He will assist in entertaining the
visiting engineers at New Almaden next
Friday.
John H. Means, who for a number of
years has been field assistant of the State
Mining Bureau, will sail on the Coptic
on Friday morning for China. He has
received the appointment of mining en-
ginoer lor the London firm of Morlng &
( 0., one Of the largest mining syndicates
in the world. Mr. Meanfl is a graduate of
the University of Indiana and took a
mining engineer's degree at Stanford in
j 1892.
A Painter's Lucky Fall.
Ed Curley, a painter living at 614 Lin
den avenue, while at. work on the roof of
a house at 933 Hayes street yesterday
missed.his footing and foil a distance of
twenty-Jive feet. He was going headlong
to the ground when another painter
named Ryan had the presence of mind to
push him around and he struck on his
shoulder. dislocating it. He wan taken to
the Receiving Hospital. Ryan had his
hand injured by his meritorious action.
. . ■ ♦ . -..-■
Prominent Printer Dead.
BOISE, Idaho, St-pt. 26.— Edward T.
I'lank. who was president of the Inter
national Typographical Union from 1888
to 1891, died here to-day after a pro
tracted illness.
Send the SUNDAY CALL to \
your friends abroad — wrapped >
ready for mailing, 5c per copy, n
ROLL OF HONOR
OF CALIFORNIA'S
REGULAR TROOPS
Gave Life and Health
for the Flag.
LIST OF DEAD AND WOUNDED
GALLANTRY IN ACTION MARKS
THEIR WAR RECORD.
Infantry, Artillery and Cavalry Alike
Distinguished by Sacrifices
on the Altar of
Patriotism.
The California regulars who arrived on
Monday left ' San Francisco over a year \
ago without the ecestatlc outpouring of
patriotic farewells. Many of them were
boys reared in this city ami in their de- |
sire to serve their country entered the :
regular army. That their record at the i
front is a proud one need not be told !
again. The list of killed and wounded i
below shows how the regiments and bat- I
teries fought in the Philippines:
THIRD U. S. ARTILLERY.
Killed in Action and Died of Wounds
or Disease.
Private J. A. McElrath, Malate, August
1. 1898.
Private Eli Dawson, Malate, August 1,
1898.
AT MANILA.
Sergeant Whittaker, Battery X, Febru
ary 4-6. 1899.
Corporal Dean, Battery G, February 4-6,
I B*9.
Second Lieutenant Robert S. Abernathey,
Battery L, February 4-6, 1899.
Private Branch Hoag, Battery G. Feb
ruary 4-6, 1899.
Private Bruno L. Putzker, Battery L,
February 16, 1899.
Private Eli E. Clampitt, Battery G, '
February 16, 1899.
Private John Tolca, Battery G, March 4, ;
1899.
CALOOCAN TO MALOLOS.
Private William Patton, Battery H, j
March 24-28, 1899.
Private James O'Neil, Battery H. March
24-26. 1899.
Private Hubert Rosa, Battery L, March
24-26, 1899.
Private Thompson C. Watts, Battery K.
March 24-26. L 899.
Sergeant Fogarty, /Battery H, March 24- i
26, 1899.
Lieutenant M. G. Kruyenbuhl. captain
and commissary. U. S. V.. March 27, 1899. I
Sergeant Edwin W. Wall, Battery K.
March 27. 1899.
Private J. J. Whitney. Battery G, March
27, 1899.
Private Charles Johnson, Battery G,
March 27, L 899
Private Joseph J. Molz, Battery K. April
6. 1899.
Sergeant John L. Long, Battery H,
April 13, 1899.
Private A. Seifert, Battery I, April 13,
1899.
Private John Montgomery, Battery X, i
April 21, 1899.
Private James I. Madden, Company L,
June 13. 1899. < .
Private James Allen, Company B, June:
30 1899.
Private John M. Gamble, Battery X,
July 26, 1899.
Wounded.
AT MALATE.
Captain Hobbs, Battery H, August 1,
1899.
Private Charles Wlnfield, Battery H,
August 1, IS9S. - . .
Private Philip Saver, Battery H, Aug- I
ust 1, IS9B.
! Private Harry S. Stockflsher, Battery H,
AugusL 1,
MANILA.
Private Edward Lundstrum, Battery L,
February 4-6, 1899.
Private James Gleason, Battery L. Feb
ruary 1-6, 1899.
Private Bernard Sharp, Battery — , Feb
ruary 4-6, 1899.
Private Orian Ryan, Battery — , Febru
ary 4-6, 1899.
Private Albert J. Corbett, Battery G,
February 4-6. 1899.
Private Mimer N. Clampitt, Battery G,
February 4-6, 1899.
Sergeant William N. McQuaide, Battery
<;. February 4-6. ISM.
Private Roscoe L. Mitchell, Battery G. j
February 4-6, 1899.
Private Andrew Johnson, Battery X,
February 4-6, 1899.
Private George M. Schuhmrie, Battery
K. February 4-6, 1899.
Private David Krider, Battery X, Feb
ruary 4-6, 1899.
Private Holmer E. Hawkins, Battery X,
February 4-6, 1899.
Private Christopher B. Ploeges, Battery
K. February 4-6. 1899.
Private John A. Gray, Battery X, Feb
ruary 4-6, 1899.
Sergeant D. C. Sissenmouth, Battery L,
February 4-6, 1899.
Private Herman Hansen, Battery G,
February 4-6, 1899. .
Private A. D. Phllo, Battery G, Febru
ary 4-6, 1599.
Private John Stadelman, Battery X, !
February 4-6, 1899.
Private Robert Ostrom, Battery G, Feb
ruary 4-6, 1 99.
Private James T. Leahy, Battery L,
February 4-6, 1899.
Private James J. Grentig, Battery X,
February 4-6, 1899.
CALOOCAN.
Private Oscar Portwick, Battery G,
February 10, 1899.
Private Jerry R. Cleveland, Battery H,
February 10, 1899.
Private. Leo Heisler, Battery H, Febru
ary 10, 1599.
Private Bert M. Dorton, Battery K.
February 10. 1899.
Corporal Davis C. McKelvey, Battery X,
February 10, 1899.
Private Jerry Cramer, Battery H, Feb
ruary 10. 1899.
Private James Leonard, Battery K. Feb
ruary 10, 1899.
Private Rufus B. Blume, Battery X,
February 10, 1899.
Private B. L. Putzker, Battery X, Feb
ruary 10. 1899.
Private Joseph C. Engberg, Battery H.
February 15. 1899.
MA LA BON.
Sergeant Jasper A. Lewis, Battery G,
February 22-23, 1899.
Sergeant Charles W. Wheeler, Battery
H February 22-23, 18».
Private John W. Carder, Battery H,
February 24, 1899.
Private Michael J. Crowley, Battery X,
February 24, 1899.
CALOOCAN TO PALO.
Second Lieutenant W. S. Overton, Bat
i, ,■> <; March 24-26, 1899.
Private W. L. Duplesser, Battery G, j
March 24-26, 1899.
Private A. W. Linter, Battery G, March
24-26, 1899. '■'. , '
Private Thomas Lynch, Battery G,
March 24-26. 1899.
Private David G. Sullivan, Battery X,
March 24-26. 1599.
Private Maurice Reynolds, Battery X,
March 24-26, 1899.
Private Patrick Conner, Battery X,
March 24-26, 1899. - ■ .
Private Alfred Harlow, Battery X,
March 24-26, 1899.
Private Jules Kentzer, Battery X,
March 24-26, 1899.
Corporal Timothy Fltzpatrick, Battery
H. March 24-26. 1899. .
Private Chauncey Tush, Battery H,
March 24-26. 1599.
Private Julius Buhlert, Battery H.
March 24-26. 1899.
Private ~ William Patton, Battery H,
March 24-26, 1899.
Sergeant Earl Fisher, Battery X, March
at tya i£_*}
" Sergeant Fred Clark. Battery X, March
24-26 JS9H.
Private Joseph J. Moltz, Battery X,
March 24-26, 1899. . •
Private L. E. Stockton,- Battery X
March 24-26. 1899.
Private Joseph Werner, Battery X,
March 24-26, 1599.
Private Otlie Miller, Battery X, March
24-26 1899.
Private Herbert W. Ogelvle, Battery X,
March 24-26, 1899. _
Private Oscar Gustafson, Battery X,
March 24-26. 1899. .
Private Mason Galloway, Battery L,
March 24-26. 1899. _ .
Sergeant Frank A.. Earnsberger, Bat
tery K. March 24-26, 1899.
Sergeant Herbert A. McKenzie, Battery
X, March 24-26, 1R99.
Corporal Thomas Galvln, Battery X,
March 24-26. 1599.
Private James Barret, Battery K.
March 24-26. 1599.
Private Robert Norfeld, Battery X,
March 24-26. 1899.
Private Patrick O'Brien, Battery X,
March 24-26, 1599.
MIRILAO RIVER.
Second Lieutenant Lloyd England, Bat
tery K. March 27, ISO?.
Sergeant Helll, Battery H, March 27,
1599.
Sergeant William Montgomery, Battery
K. March 27. 1599.
Private Henry J. Rath, Battery H,
March 27. 1899.
Private John McConess. Battery H,
March 27. ISP9.
Private Frank B. Catron. Battery K.
March 27, 1*99.
Private Orlin McKay, Battery K. March
27, ]Sf»9.
Private M. D. Broeckling, Battery X,
March 27, 1899. .
Private John Gilllgan, Battery X,
March 27, 1899.
Private Thomas Culberson, Battery Ij.
March 27, 1899.
Private Alexander Pike. Battery L,
March 27, 1599.
Private Clarence E. Chappell, Battery
1.. March 27. 1599. '
Captain J- C. Road, commissary. March
"7 1599
First Sergeant John C. O'Connor. Bat
tery G. March 27. 1*99.
NEAR MALOLOS.
Lieutenant Conrad H. Lanza, Battery
K. April 12. 1899. 
Private Ralph Golden, Battery K. April
12, 1899. ■■* :; ; r , : '
Private Henry V. T. Jarnell, Battery
: L. April 12, 1809.
Private George C. Samples, Battery L,
! April 12, 1899. •,,_-,
I Private R. J. Virger, Battery L, July 27,
1.599.
Total— B7.
TWENTY-THIRD INFANTRY.
Killed in Action and Died of Wounds
or Disease.
Private Walter Berdine, Company B,
i July 31, 1898.
Private Clements • Lauer, Company F,
August 5, IS9B.
Private August Molten, Company E,
i August 13, 1898.
Private P. D. Lee, Company — , October
, 80, 1898.
Private Joseph D. Wilson, Company L,
! December 29. IS9S. ■ ■
Private Jacob Starr, Company F, Feb
| ruary 17, 1899.
Private Edward Reave, Company G,
I February 23, 1599.
Private Frank A. Martin, Company I,
March 26, 1899.
• Corporal Frank O'Keefe (enlisted as
Frank G. Armstrong), Company C, April
1 1899
'Private William E. House (band), April
' 1899.
Private Nathaniel Prlckett, Company
i G, April 5, 1899.
Private Claude R. White, Company A,
May 10, 1899.
Private George Schultz, Company A,
j May 22 1899.
Private Frank Bohner, Company M,
| June 23, 1599. .
Wounded.
Private Fenton C. Newman, Company
! C, August 13, 1898.
Private Joseph Smith, Company C, Au
i Private 'Richard L: Tuck, Company C,
Private Richard L. Tuck, Company C,
August 13, 189 S. _
Private Henry W. Ballard, Company F,
August 13. 1898.
Private John L. Barker, Company M,
February 23, 1899. ;, _ .
First Sergeant Henry F. Mctadden,
Company E, March 4, 1899.
Musician Hugh Ashley, Company C,
March 81, 1899. • ■ . _ _,
Private Peter Olesen, Company C,
March 31, 1899. . _
Private Harry W. Stephenson, Company ,
C, March 31, 1899.
Corporal Frank G. Armstrong, Com
i pany C, March 31. 1899. _, .
Corporal Wleley Barnes, Company C,
1 March 31. 1899. ■ %
Private William G. Alvey. Company C, !
i March 31, 1899. _ _ i
Private Oliver B. Carson, Company E,
March 31, 1599.
Private Clarence Anderson, Company
E, .March 31. 1599.
Bandman William E. House, Company
— , March 31, 1899. , T
Corporal John L. Jones, Company L,
March 27, 1899. . _ . Vmm ,
Second Lieutenant Monroe C. Kerb,
Company L, April 13. 1899. . |
Private George Schultz, Company A, j
! May 22, 1899. _______
FOURTH U. S. CAVALRY.
Killed in Action or Died of Wounds
or Disease.
Saddler Samuel Jones, Troop E, March
14 1899.
Private Joseph Grabowsky, Troop C,
April 15, 1899. _ •
Private William B. Jackson, Troop I,
April 23, 1899.
Private William D. Skinner, Troop I,
April 23, 1899.
Corporal John Golambekskl, Troop Iv,
April 23, 1899. ■ T , „ ■
Private William Heer, Troop I, April 24,
1899
Sergeant Seth Lcvell, Troop C, June
4 1699
'Sergeant Benjamin Craig, Troop I, June
4 1899
'Private Melvin P. Dailey, Troop G, June
5 1899.
Private Robert E. Miles, Troop C, June
8, 1899.
Private Patrick Brannigan, Troop C,
June 8, 1899.
Private Joseph Walker, Troop M,
August 20, 1899.
Wounded.
Private Ralph D. Winther, Troop X,
February 16, 1899. _, _ ■
Captain Frederick Wheeler, Troop E,
February 16, 1899. \ ,__ _
Private Mitchell Good, Troop E, Feb
ruary 16, 1899. ■
Private Horace S. Smith, Troop E,
I February 16, 1899. t»-.?W"_
Private George Parks, Troop B, Febru
ary 16. 1599.
Private Ernest Wilcox, Troop E, Feb
ruary 16, 1899. ' _.
First Sergeant Alexander B. Davis,
Troop E. March 24-26, 1899.
Sergeant Charles Hyatt, Troop E,
March 24-26. 1899.
Private Leroy Drumhand, ; Troop E,
March 24-26, 1899. '
Private Harry Rowe, Troop E, March
24-26 1899.
Private William Tufts, Troop E, March
24-26, 189 U. ■
Private Charles Rice, Troop E, March
24-26, 1899. ■ ■ -_ v; ' '-•
Farrier Rankln Nebinger, Troop L,
March 24-26, 1599.
Private John Gotter, Troop X, March
21-26, 1599.
Second Lieutenant Leroy Ettlnge, Troop
G, April 10, 1899. ,
Second Lieutenant Joseph Grabowsky.
Troop C, April 10, If o9.
Musician Charles Power, Troop X, April
23. 1599.
Private Ralph D. Winther, Troop X,
April 23. 1899.
Private Edward Quinn, Troop X, April
2^ 1899.
""private John B.- Carey, Troop X, April
23. 1899.
Private Paby O'Connor, Troop K. April
23. 183!).
Private James F. McGreeyy, Troop X,
April 23, 1899. '
Private Charles Coe, Troop I, April 29,
ISM. .
Private Thomas Turner, Troop X, May
22. 1899.
Private Joseph Costelio, Troop X, May
22 1899
Private Hans C. Mathisson, Troop K.
! May 22, 1899.
Private Earl B. Miles, Troop G, June
3, 1899. . ■ . :
Private Patrick Brannigan, Troop C,
June 3, 1899. ■ -» ; -.-;,
Private Melvin P. Dailey, Troop G, June
3 1599. ■. ■
Private Maurice Coffleld, Troop I, J,une
5 1899. '
Private William Reardon, Troop I, June
10. 1899. '
Private James A. Reese, Troop G. June
26. 1890.
Private Edward Oberhauser, Troop C,
July 26. 1899. •
Private John McGregor, Troop C, July
i 26.1890. _
I FOURTEENTH U. S. INFANTRY.
Killed in Action or Died of Wounds
or Disease.
Private Samuel Howell, Company D,
August 13. 1898. .
Private Robert McLaren, Company C.
- August 13, 1893.
Private Thomns W. P. Harney, Com
pany H. October SO, 1593. .. /
Private Robert Davidson, Company G.
. November 23, 1898.
Private Frank C. Hayden, Company D,
December 20," 1898.
Private A. M. Tllden. January 20. 1899.
Lieutenant James Mitchell, February 4
6, 1899. '
Private Ranson Close, Company H, Feb
ruary 4-6. 1899. . : . : :
Private Newton Henry, Company H,
February 4-6, 1899.
Corporal Guy P. Soden. Company E.
February -; .: .
' Corporal Henry F. Thompson, Company
M. February 4-6. 1899.
Private Jesse E. Hale, Company A, Feb- i
ruary 4-6, 1599.
Private Maurice Seaman, Company A, ]
February 4-t!. 1899,
Private Louis V. Dietz, Company D, .
February 4-0. 1899.
Private James Harvey Kr.ight, Company
M. February 4-6. 1898.
Private Charles W. Douglass, Company
M. February 4-G. 1599.
Private Frank H. Essinghausen, Com
pany M. February 4-0. 1899,
Private Alphonse Banner, Company M.
February 4-0. 1899.
Prrvate Charles A. Sutz. Company M.
February 4"-6, 1599.
Private Henry F. Thompson, Company
M. February 4-fi. 1898.
Private Peter A. Storment, Company I.
February 4-6. 1899.
Private Henry K. Saunders, Company F,
February 20, I^X<.
V<:\\ ite J b Bath, Company K.
ruary 22, 1899.
Private Alexander R. Chnpllne. Com
pany M, March ■
Private James W. Pitts. Company G,
April 10. 1599.
Sorgpfuit Michael Ryan, Company A,
April 21. 1599.
Private Frederick Gra-bow, Company F,
drowned Junt 1. 1899.
Sergeant Thomas Laws, company L,
June 13, 1899.
Corporal David Hague, Company A,
June 13, 1899.
Corpora] John Moore, Company L, June
13. 1899.
Private Nelson T. Lamoih, Company I,
June IS. 1899.
Private William D. Somers, Company
D. Juno 13, 1899.
Private Eli Goodren Company D, June
13. 1899.
Private John F. Brannan, Company A,
June 14, 1899.
Private Thomas W. Andrews, Company
I, June 14. 1899.
Private Harvey J. Lowe. Company A,
June '£>. 1899.
Private Glrard Btrumper, Company D,
died of wounds received June 10, 1899, at
Guadalupe Hill.
Wounded.
Private Clinton I.ampert, Company C,
August 13, 1898.
Private Lucius Snow, Company D, Au
gust 13, IS9S.
Private Daniel J. O'Connor, Company D,
August 13. 1898.
Private Robert E. McCann, Company C,
August 13, 1898.
Private Charles M. Morgan. Company
C, August 13. '
Private Robert R. Parker, Company C,
August 13, 1898.
Private Peter Perg, Company H. Au
gust 18, 1898,
Private Harry Rooker, Company C,
August 13. IV'-.
Private Frank A. Groodon, Company A,
February 4-0. 1899.
Private Hans Jensen, Company B, Feb
ruary 4-6, 1899.
Private Elmer D. Haugh, Company D,
February 4-fi. 18P9.
Private Nicholas N. Faulks, Company C,
February 4-6. 1899.
Corpural Manfonl Bcnnlngton, Company
D. February 4-0, 1599.
Private John Brady. Company D, Feb
ruary 4-6, 1899.
Private William S. Kennedy. Company
I. February 4-0, 18-99.
Private Charles A. Clanton. Company I,
February 4-0. 1899.
Corporal Spencer K. Lipscornb, Com
pany C February 4-6, 1R99.
Corporal Howard Middleton, Company
G. February 4-6, 1599.
Private John Carey. Company G. Feb
ruary 4-G, 1599.
Private Patrick Hogan. Company G,
February 4-fi, 1899.
Private Charles Read. Company G, Feb
ruary 4-fi. I<<99.
Private Frederick Goezen-baek, Company
G. February 4-6. 1899.
EAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN EY. CO.
IjE3SSE3Ei
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
' BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00. 11:00 a. m. 12:35.
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — trips at l:i/*
■ and 11:30 p. m.
i SUNDAYS— 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, -3:3\
I 6:00, 6:20 p. m.
! BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
I WEEK DAYS— 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a, m. ; 12:45,
! 1:40,' 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — trips at
: 1:65 and 6:35 p. m.
• SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40. 3:40, 6:05,
I 6:25 p. m. • . :' ' ' : •
! Between San Francisco and Scbuetzen Park
i same schedule as above. 
i Leave ■ Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco,
I . April 16, •
i ■Week Sun- 1599. . Sun- Week
Pays. days. Destination. days. Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novftto, 10:40 am 8:40 am
1:30 pm 9:30 am 1 Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pia
Fulton, •
1:t0 am Windsor, ,10:25 am
Healdsburg;,
Lytton,
Geyserville, ".,'•','
1:10 pm 8:00 am GloverdsJ*. T:B5 pm] C: 2O pra
T:3O am Hopland and 10:25 ana
8:30 pm 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pa
! 1:20 am 10:25 am
8:00 am GuerneTille. 7:35 pm
I 1:30 pm! . 6:20 pm
T:80 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
I 1:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. ! 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
T:3O am 8:00 am Sebastopol. .10:40 am 10:23 am
'' 1:30 pm 5:00 pm I 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
. Stages connect at Santa Ropa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Springs: at Geyserville for Skagga
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Partlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
j Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
I Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's,
Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Heights", Hullvllle,
Boonevllle, Philo, Christine, Soda Springs,
Navarro. Whitesboro, Albion, Little River,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg,
Vfestport, Teal, Willltts, Laytonvllle, Cum«
mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
: Ticket Offices, 650 Market st.. Chronicle bids;,
H. C WHITING. R. X. RYAN,
Genera! Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
> FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 30 P. M.
DINING-ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY I I;
FRED HARVEY. AUD ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL. SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. 623
MARKET ST. . TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
OAKLAND OFFICE. HIS Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE. 201 J Street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE, 7 W. Santa Clara st. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIR
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 28, IS9S, trains will run as follows:
-South-bound. I North-bound, i
Pas-fen-! Mixed. | ' : - V Mixed, t Passen-
ger. | Sunday Stations. Sunday \Rer. ■■■<
Daily. Exc'ptd ■ ■■■ Exc'ptd Daily. ;
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:00 pm
9:10 ami 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am 1:35 pm ■ ■ Fresno | 9:30 am 2:42 pm
ll:SSam 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pm
2-25 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11:00 am
11:50 am 6:25 pm Visalla 6:40 am 1:22 pm
12:15 pm| 6:53 pm Tuiare 5:50 am 1:05 pm
' ■ Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connection*
Inquire at Traffic Department. 321 Market St..
, San Francisco. . ' ;
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave ban Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry. '
Commencing: SUNDAY. April 23, 1899.
WEEK DAYS 9:30 a. m., and 1:45 p. m.
- Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. ■ m.. Returning Same Even-
Ing, arriving In San Francisco at 11:20
SUNDAYS, 8, 9. 10 and 11 a, m., and 1:45. 2:39
■ - and 4 p. m. ■ •„ - . ■
Fare S F. to Summit and Return. »1 40.
THOS. COOK & SON. Agts.. 621 Market st-
Private John Howers, Company X, Feb
ruary 4-6, 1899. • __
Private William Howard, Company X,
February, 4-6,, 1593. .."• -. - _ .
. Private 'James Kane, Company K. eo
ruary 4-6. 1*99.
Private Jerry A. Hukathorn, Company
K. February 4-6, 1899. :■ ■ r
Private James Miller, Company H, Feb
ruary 4-6, 1899.
Private William Bush.. Company — , Feb
ruary 4-6, im.
Private Moses P. Prichard, Company A,
March 26, 1899.
Private Atonzo R. Johnson, Company X,
March 26, 1599. ;>
Private William Somers, Company D,
April 10. 1599.
First Sergeant George Wall, Company
A. April 24. 1899. , «
Private Bertie A. LoWe, Company B,
April 24. ISP9.
Private Allen M. Shellady, Company E,
April £4. 1899
Private Alonzo B. Caster, Company F,
May 29, 1899.
Corporal " Conrad Hallaner. Company D,
June 10, 1898
Private Walter Brogdon, Company F,
June 10, 1599.
First Lieutenant H. G. Learneard, Com>
pany L, June 10-1". 1899.
Private Charles Gerton, Company X,
June 10-18, 1899.
Private Harry E. Emory. Company L,
June 10-13, IS9O.
Private Robert C. Ryan, Company L,
June 10-13, 18P9.
Private Enoch Walgren, Company L,
June 10-13. 1899,
Private Marvin R. McHenry, Company
H. August 14. 1599.
Private Emil Jessiam, Company X,
August 14, 1899;
ATTACKED A WOMAN
Ellen Garcia Found in a Hysterical
Condition on King Street.
A respectable-looking woman, who gave
her name as Ellen Garcia, was found In
a hysterical condition last night by Offi
cer R. H. Beamer on King street, between
Seventh and Eighth. and- removed to the
Receiving Hospital.- On her way to the
hospital the woman told the officer that
she had arrived in this city last Thursday
from Lafayette, Contra Costa County,
with her daughter Maud, aged 17 years,
and had taken rooms in a lodging-house
on Howard street.
She claimed that her daughter had run
away a few nights ago with a marine
engineer and thai last night, while look
ing for her daughter, she was attacked by
two men near the freight sheds on King.
street. The men, she claimed, onticed
her to that vicinity by promising to show
her where the girl was to be found.
Her clothes were in a dilapidated con
dition when she arrived at the hospital.
David Lsderer Divorced.
WOODLAND, Sept. 2fi.— Caroline f^ed
erer was/ granted a divorce on Monday
from David Lederer. This is the man who
hacked his wife with a butcher knife and
left her for dead a few months ago. He
is still in jail awaiting trial.
Death of a Pioneer.
SANTA CRUZ. Sept. 25.-Jorm Doyle, a
Pioneer, dier) this afternoon. I!, hai
a resident of this county since i v -"-. Doyle
Oulrh waa nnmc<l after him. He was a
native of Irplnnrt and 72 years ol
Confederate Chieftain Dead.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 17.— <3«neral Hen
ry Heth, the Confederate chieftain mid
historian, died- at his home in tli'.s city
to-day of Bright"? disease. The end had
been expected hourly for several \\ •
BAILROAD TBAVEL.
i MVTHRRX PACIFIC COBPART.
(pacific arm*.) .
• 7?r»lim <mi< 1 »ml im 1 ' «•«•»• In nrrlve MS
SA> FItAKCI.M«>.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
| __
j leave — From August 2, 1339. — arbivh
i, 7:00 a lienlcia, Suigun and Sacramento.... 5:45p
I 7:OOa Maryßvillo, Orov'.Jeand Uediiiug vi%
Woodland.... B:I5p
7:OOa Elmira, Vacavillo and Rumsey Bi3op
■ 7:U»a Martinez. San Hanson, Valiejo. Nap»,
Oalistoga and San"-a Ilo3a B:is?
I 8:00 a Atlantic lOrpress, «)g.len »nd Hast.: 9:154
N:1IOa Hun .lose, LiTermbro, .Stockton,
lone Sacramcutr, Flacerrille,
MurjßTillo. Ohico, itedUluir 4:13r
8:«0a "Milton, Ookdale »nd Sonera 4:I»p
' 8:30 a Yoa mita Valley via Oakdale and
'Jhinese 4:15p
O:OOa Havirards-Niles and Way Stations. I ! :43a
9:00 a Martinez, Tracy. Latbrop, Stockton,
Merced and Kresno 12tl0p
O:OOa Fresno, <<akt'islield Santa linrlmra,
Lcs Angeles, Deming. V.I Paso.
New Orleans and East 8:4 5
1O:OOa Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations ~:l"»p
1I:OWa Haywarus, Niles ami Way Ktationa. »:43r
12:00 m NUes, IJrermore, Stockton, Sacra- ,
i - xncnto, Mendota. Haiif.rd. Visa'ja,
PcrtervUle... ■ 4:ISf
j •l:OOp Sacramento Itircr Steamers. ........ *S:OOp
, S:OOp Haywtrds. Nik* and We; Stations. »: »3p
4:UOp Martinez, Han lUicoii, Val'ejo,
Napa. t:a!i»*>K». Santa Rosa Sil3a
4>OOf Benicia, Vacavilln, bacramento,
':■.': Woodland, Ku'ebts Lan'Ung.
MaryßTllle. Oro»lli» 1O:4»a
4:1I0p Niles, Sen .Jo^o aud Stockton 7:15p
'l:ttOp Voeemito Sleeping Car for Raymond 18:13p
OsOOpTho Owl. Tracy. Fret.no. Baktrs-
fielil. Saucua tor Santa Carbarn.
Lcs Angeles 9:43\
| S:BOp Btockton. Merced. Fresno 12:15p
3:<tOp Martinez, Tracy, Mendcto. Fresco,
RJniare md Los AiiKelce 8:43 a
StSOp Hauta Fe lloute, Atlantlo Express
for Mojave and l<ast...v.. .' 6:43p
• sOOr Chicago-San Francif.coSpecitl,()((ileii
and Kast StdOp
«!(K)f Hay wards, Nilcssnd San Jose - 7:4»a
»4:00p Vaflejo .• 18:1
) J7:oop "allelo. Port Costa and Way 8t»-
-tlons 1»:33p
Bi«3p Ore^ou Kxpreßs,MacraTncntn. Marys- ■
vilie. Itmldiug, I'ortland. I'nget
i Sound and Kaat »:I3*
COAST VISION (Nnrrotr (laugn).
j (Foot of Market, Street.)
i JTi44la Banta Cruz Excursion for Santa
; ■ Cruz and Principal Wf.y Btatlon» JB:©s?
8:13 a Newark. Cintfrville..San Jose, Felton.
: BoulderCreek.BantaCmzand Way
Stations 8:30p
•Stlßp Newark. Centervillo. Ban Jose, New .
AlmadeD, Feiton, lioulder Creek,
Baxita Cruz and Principal Way
Stations •!«:."»« a
4:10p San .roße, Glenwood aud Way Sta-
tions.... 9:20 a
! M:>3r Felton. Santa Cruz and Way SU-
I tlons /»:20a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
torn SIR ra»HolSCO— foot of Ksrlm Street (Slip 8) —
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. tl:00 *3:00 t3:C3
•4:00 • 18:00 ♦G:ooi'.M.
fr#m OAKLAND— taI of Broad«»r.—-B:00 8:00 10:00 a.m.
! |12:00 *1:00 12:00 ' *3:CO »l:00 -S:OQr.M.
COAST VISION (BrocdUatigr).
(Third and Townscnd Sts.) .
•«:lOa Ocean View, Soutb ban l'ranci?co.. *0:3 Op
*7iooa San Jose and Way Stations (New
Almadcn Wednesdays only) «8:00 a
17:8Oa Sunday Kxcursiou trt Santa Cruz.
PuciUc Grove and I"rincipil Way
Stations 18:33*
9iooa San .Joso, Trss Plnos, Kuuta Cruz,
Pacllic Grove. Paso ICotilc-s. San
Luis ObiB|>o, Surf, Lompoc and
Principal Way button 4:IOp
I»«4O» Sail Jose mid Way Stations..*. G:H3a
, 11:30 a B^q Jose and Way Stations liUOr
*S:4Sr San Alateo, lScdwoo.l. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Kan Jose, . ■•
llolllster. Santa Unix. Silicas.
Monterey and I'Bcilic Gro»e .. *Io:3t>A
*8:3l»p Han .lost. Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove
ami Principal Wny Stations *7:30p
. a 4:l3p San Jose and Principal Way Stations »: l.}\
*3:OOp San Joso and Principal Way Stations *BiBsa
3::tOi- San Joso and Principal Way Stations "»:(«O*
6::{OrBan Just; and Way Stations 3::iop
flll4or San .lrsi-i-.ii.l Wsy Stations {7::tOf
A for Morning I' for Afternoon.
•Sunday excepted 1 Sunday only. t Saturday only.
tSaturday end Sunday /Sucday and Moaday
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via SaoaiUt* Perry.
" CommeiiL-inti ■ i«ieinti«r J. 1539.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL, VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
"WEEK .-AYS— '$:»), 9:30. 11:00 a. m.;
! •1:45. 3:20. 4:00. 5:15, '6:00. 6:30 p. m.
I EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
ttlul MjndVvs. at ■-•(» and 11:30 p. m. .
SUNDAYS— •B:OO. '9:00, »10:0O, • 11:00. 11:30
a. m.: 1:00, 'IMS. '2:30, •4:00. 5:30. 6:45 p. m.
| .11:00 a. m. does not run to San Kail Sundays.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill.Val'y Sundays.
I Trains marked <•) run to San Quentin.
| FROM S.\.\ RAFAKL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-r5:25. *6:40, 7:55. 8:40. *10:2»
: a. m.: 12:30. 2:15. '3:40. 4:35. 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS »n j Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturday! at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
Sundays— 7:00, *8:00, »9:45, '10:45. ni:4.->
a. m.: 1:00. 2:20. '3:30. •SUS. «6:00. 7:00, 10:15
p. m.
Train? marked (•) run to San Quentln. ■
FROM MILL VALLKY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:50, 7:56, 5:55. 10:33
a m.: 12:35. 2.-15. 4:55. 5:20 p. m. .
I EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
i and Saturdays at 7:00, 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:00. 11:10 a. m.: 12:03.
i 1-20 2:40. 3:5.-.. 5:30. 6:30, l"::0 p. m.
THROUGH TRAIN'S.
7:00 a. m. week days— Onzadero abA nut sta'ns.
I 1:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'n*.
J:Oj a. in. Sundays— Cazadero and way rta'na.
, 1:45 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns.
§Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
ti'jn KKAR.W ST. Establish.'*!
in 1834 for treatment of Private
DLseitsi-ft, Lost M.*iihfxid.' Debility or .
disease wearing on bodyand mind and
skin Diseases, 'rhedoctorciireswlicti
otheisfall Try him Churges low
Cnrrninarantrt-il. Cal lor write.
j Dr. J. *'- iilHRO\ Box 1907. 5a0 Fruncbuo.
1112
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE cf The San Francisco
Cr.:i, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until It o'clock every night ha the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street.
crrnrr Ctay; cp-n ur.til 9:30 o'clock.
E'V) Have* street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
C! 9 McAllister street; cpen until 9 .30 o'clock.
■■- Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
]°41 Mission strreK open until 10 o'clock.
T261 Merket street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
IC6 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
10M Valencia street: open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest comer of Twenty and Ken
tucky streets: c.pen until 9 o'clock.
» MEETING NOTICES.
MOUNT, MORI AH Lodge No. 44. F. and •
A. M— Meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY,)
EVENING ;■-' 7:30 o'clock. Second J- J\_X
Kree. TIIUO. FROLICH. Secretary.' /V^
_
CROCKETT Lodge No. 335. F. and A. M. *
Third degree THIS (\VKDNE?DAYt A
EVENING. September '-'. at '■ '■ Xjf
o'clock. By order of th* W. M. <V^
H. FORTRIBPE. Secretary. _
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. and A. M.— m
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY)
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Second •■-•• it JT
gree. C. D. BUNKER, Secretary. /^VJ
EXCELSIOR Lo.!?;e No. I>6, F. and A. ■
M.— Sppcia! rr.c^tins; THIS /WEDNES- 5*
DAY! EVENING. September 27, at Sjf
o'clock. Third degree. ' ~ *
TH] E. SMITH, Secretary.
NOTICE of meeting of btockholders of The Rls-
dor. Iron and Locomotive Works, to take into
consideration i«opcied Increase of capital
ttr>ck.
Notice Is hereby given that pursuant to a
resolution and order of the board of director*
cf The Risdon Iron and Locomotive Works, a
corporation organized and existing under and
by virtue of the laws o! the State of Califor-
nia, ar.d having its office and principal place
of business at the city and county of San
Francisco, in said State, unanimously adopted
fit & regular meeting ot said board held on
the seventh day of August, in the year one
thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine, a
meeting of the stockholders of said corpora-
tion will be held on Wednesday, the Eight-
eenth Day of October, in the year one th o-
#and eight hundred and ninety-nine, at the
hour of two lock in the afternoon of said
day. at th« office of said corporation, which
is at the building situate on the easterly cor-
ner of Be»le and Howard streets, in said city
and county of San Francisco, the same being
the principal place at business of said corpo-
ration, and being the building where the
h-iard of directors of said corporation usually
meets;
That the object of said meeting is to deter-
mine whether or not the capital stock of eaid
corporation shall be increased from cne million
dollars, divided into ten thousand shares of
r.ne hundred dollars each, to a capital stock
of one million ..re hundred thousand dollars,
divided Into eleven thousand shares of one
liundr'd Jollars each;
That the amount to which It Is proposed to
increase the said capital stock Is one million
cne hundred thousand dollars.
By order of the board of I!r»ctor!=.
L. R. MEAD,
Secretary of The Rlsdon Iron and Locomotive
Works.
Dated August I, 1399.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from A. B. Jacks. in the Bailger Hill
mine, near Spanish Ranch. Plumas Cuunty,
to deposit tailings !n Spanish Creek it!
Woods Ravine, and from John O. Smith 't
als.. in the Smiths Blue Gravel mine, near
Ono. Shasta County, to deposit tailings In a
ravine below th» mine, gives notice that a
meeting will be held at room 59. Flood build-
ing, San Francisco. Cal., on October I 1533,
at l:! 0 p. m.
STOCK HOLDER!;' MEETING— Notice is here-
by given that th* annual meeting of the
-■ olders of the Bank of California
will be held at the banking house in this
city, on TUESDAY. October 10, 1599. at 11
o'clock a. m.
ALLEN M. CLAY, secretary.
Pan rVanclsco. September 25. 1599.
ACCOUNTANTS.
S. K. BALLARD, 401 Cal. St.. designs, audits &
adjusts accounts for corporations & firms: ref.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. -
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, £50 Market, cor. Stofktn.
NOAH F. FLOOD. 935 Market St., opp. Mason;
consultation free; moderate fees.
CLARA FOLTZ. attorney at law. Crocker
b'.dg.: tel. Black 71; practices In all courts.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance.
J. H. PARKER. 916 Market sL. room 67; advice
free: charge low; business pushed.
XAGLE & NAG! attorneys at law, Emma
Spreckels building. SJ7 Market st.
ADVICE free: no chary* unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. "■?: Market St.. opp. Mason.
BATH < A HINM'S THERMAL.
THE Robinson 4-panel bath cabinet, folding
like a screen: one panel opening as a door:
call and see It: descriptive booklet free. W.
S. BROWN, general agent. 426 Ell'.s ?t.
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
RAMBLER tandem, $30; perfect order. 417
Post st.
;.!■ UN. REPAIRS.
THOS. H. B. VARNEY. M^~?t~anT~Tl>nt£
RAMBLER AND IDEAL BICYCLES.
REPAIRING A SPECIALTY.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
HOTEL FAlRMOU^T^Tri^ry^lTrTt'cialsTKM
Market st.. P. F.. Cal.; American an.l Euro-
pean plan: elo™ant!y furnished rooms, single
or en suite; board and room. $1 per day up;
suites without boari. $1 per day; single rooms,
50c; special rates by month, also to tourists.
GENTLEMAN can find room and board In pri-
vate family at 232 Haight St.; fine location;
Halght-st. cars pass door; terms moderate.
ELLIS, 6^7— Well-furnished front rooms, with
good board; bath; telephone; gas; piano.
O'FARRELL, 742— Clean, comfortable rooms;
good home cooking; special rates to gents.
VAN NESS aye., 940— Nlrely furnished rooms
and board; all modern conveniences.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
A WIDOW will care for a baby or one or two
children, nice home in the country. MRS.
SHIVER. Antioch, Cal.
WOULD like a nic» child to board; good home,
• 'all 319 Second aye., Richmond district.
books — NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Book Co.. 704 Mission st.. near Third.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— slso— HOME bakery and notion store, with
2 living rooms; rent $20; on Buchanan st.
U. G. WILKt!, $06 Market St.
$350; BAKERY In live country town, 70
miles from city; a first-class paying business;
rail soon; a rare opportunity. R. G. WILKE.
906 Market St.
A— s3oo; SALOON; Market St., close to McAllis-
ter; bargains WILKE, 906 Market st.
A— ':■: DYEING and cleaning -store on Powell
St.; rent $35; first class; paying. Call WILKE,
!-C5 Market st- «
A— SSSO— CORNER grocery and bar, with living
rooms; rent $15; dally receipts $15; best loca-
tion in Mission. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
$600— RESTAURANT and oyster parlors;
choicest location; rent $25; daily receipts $25;
nreals not less than 25c; bargain. R. G.
WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— s6oo; ELEGANTLY fixed up and first-class
paying saloon close to Palace Hotel; rent
$50; lease; disagreement of partners causa
of sale. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— SI2SO— CORNER saloon with 6 rooms ; rent
$60; mercantile lunch; surrounded by whole-
rale houses and Iron foundries;. place clearing
above $150 per month; lease; a splendid offer.
R G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— PROSPEROUS business; established 20
yeare; stock Invoices $400; clears $100- month-
ly: chance for man and wife; make offer.
KREDO A- CO.. 22^ Geary st. ■
A— s3M>; ROAD house near flourishtf.g town:
cheap rent; good business. KRE-DO _ CO.,
224 Geary st^_ :
A-$3OO-~LOCKSMITH and bicycle repairing,
across the bay; $300, manicure and halrdress-
lng and furnished rooms; $250, branch baker}'.
KREDO & CO.. 22H Geary st.
$900— RESTAURANT doing « business average
135 dally; death cause of sale; rare chance.
Mclaughlin & CO.. 777% Market st.
$400— GOOD chance for oyeterman; an estab-
lished oyster business for sale. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO.. 777V4 Market Bt.
A— s2C&o; RESTAURANT; north Market; best
in city; bargain. COWING & CO., 995 Market.
A— CIGAR store, centrally located, at great
sacrifice. COWING _ CO., 995 Market st.
$UoO— French bakery, fine bus.; 4 horses. 3 wag-
ons, 11 f urn, mv. ; low rent. BABILE. 3 Eddy.
FOR One-fourth Interest in the 2000 acres
of leased lands ot the Union Consolidated
Oil and Transportation Company In Merced
County as per their prospectus, for the sum
of $5000. Apply to GEO. L. HOXIE. Fresno.
GENTLEMAN needs small financial assistance
to promote profitable enterprise; splendid
opening for competent draughtsman; security
furnished. Box 2317. Call : _ •
GOOD-PAYING barbershop in country for
■ale. Address box 2367, Call. ■ Hp^^iiiL
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
' $210— PARTNER in saloon business: must be a
good steady man; this is a chance for a man
not afraid of work. Box 6EO. all.
I PARTNER with $250 to pen a produce busi-
; ness, a money maker; no agent. Address
! box 2319, Call. :
j WANTED— Partner in a ranch with Borne
j cash. Address box 1425. CalK^
ESTABLISHED oil business for sale cheap.
KH Noe St.. bet. 1 and 2 p. m.
i AN offer wanted; old-established corner saloon;
side entrance to tamale cafe; fair stock and
' a good business. 632 Market ft., room 6.
ALFA Co., 935 Market St.. will exchange or
sell your property or business quickly.
A. WHITE _ CO.. 937 Market at.— Do you want
a quick sale? List your bargains with v*.
j OLD-ESTABLISHED saloon, with cigar store.
Apriy WICHMAN. LUTGEN a CO., 313 Clay.
ICANDY. ice cream and .soda buVlness; stock
! i;i'd fixtures; gocd location -md trade; big
j bargain if taken at once. Call office.
$SOO— GROCERY. Oakland; good location ond
bus. W. B. Hardy, Sol Broadway. Oakland.
$I£O— TWO-CHAIK barbershop, laundry office
tnd cigar stand. Inquire IC* Ellis et.
FOR rent on downtown corner; large light
basprifnt for saloon und billiard hall: rent
I very low. Inquire WILLIAM HENDRICK-
! SON & CO.. t!4 Call building^
[ FOR sale — A good paying saloon, with six
! llvins rooms upstairs: lons lease; terminus of
j car lice. Box 2313. Call offlce.
1 FOR sale — Fine grocery and bar. Corner Post
I and Devira_ero sts.
j a CHANCE for house painter; old-established
business, tools and stock; low rent, £26
Washington st.
LARK Saloon. 12 Seventh et.. I. O. O. F. build-
' ing, opp. new Postofflce building; make offer.
! RESTAURANT, with every convenience;
| fine location: good trade; sickness. 100S Hyde.
■ FOR sale cheap— Wood. coal, hay, grain and
I feed business. NE. cor. Valley and Dolores.
! FOR honest dealing, buying, selling a business,
trust to Pacific Room Renting Co.. 426 Kearny.
j COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
' W. CASWELL _ CO.'S. 412 Sacramento st.
! GOOD paving inside route for sale; this paper.
Apply Call office.
j FOR eale — Good paying inside route on this
I paper. Apply Call office.
CARRIAGES AND "WAGONS.
FOR sale — One Columbus trap, with shafts, one
cr two seats; in excellent condition; also one
bay gelding horse; weight 950 pounds; suit-
able for boggy; good traveler, sound, kind,
! gentle and in perfect condition. A; ply MI'R-
! RAY'S STABLE, San Rafael, or 3:0 Sansome
j St.. room 15.
! ALL kind.^ of wagons buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EG AN & SON. 2117 Mission St.
I LIGHT spring wagon and harness for sale
cheap. 53S McAllister -•
DELIVERY wagon carrying one ton: top and
road buggy, good as new. SHAW, 1621 Markt.
ICO SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts.
j buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom Bt.
j CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
I beating Works. 253 357 Tehama st.; tel. S 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 35-40 Bth St.; tel. South 250.
1 LAST and best. Sanitary Cleaning Co.. "for
health." 342 McAllister St.; phone South 148.
■ J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson St.; tel South £38; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel Main 354. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st.; tPI. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
1 CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Work", 333 Golden
Gate a y. : tel. East 126. ■
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
I UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
; Compound Paste; a household blessing: a sure
| cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Spear st.
j CLAIRVOYANTS AND,. M IKITUAUSM.
i MRST C. J. MEYER, 31! McAllister; trance de-
veloping circle, Mon. A- Frl., 25c, 2, >i p. in
I meet, Tues, Thurs, 2. Bp. m. 10c; sit. dally.
I MADAME A. CERVANTES, the celebrated
Spanish fortune-teller, newly arrived. 8
Hayes st., room 7, second floor.
I YOUR future told by cards. 25c; daily, 10 a. m.
to 10 p. m. ; Sun.. 7tolo p. m. 105 Larkin st.
AT 117 Larkin to-nirht; Mrs. Brlggs, Captain
j H. H. Brown and others; 10c.
MRS. EVANS, the healer; all chronic cases a
success if taken; rupture a specialty. 627 Bush.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, 10c; card reader:
past, present, future: 25c. 148 Sixth St., r. 12.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 212 1 j Sixth st.
, MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
| reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
GYPSY life reader: satisfaction guarantee-;
25c; reading by mall $1. 5 Seventh st.
C. STEERS, medium; 112H Oak st. ; circles
Tues., I p. m.; Th.. 2 p. m.; 26c; readings, $1.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader, medical clairvoyant. 232 Stockton.
SPIRIT test, business medium: sit. 50c, $1; cir-
cle Tues.. Thurs.. Sat. at ». Me. 510 Valencia.
j
| MME. LANGE. queen of clairvoyants, 1167 Mar-
ket, bet. 7th and Sth: fee 25c up: satisfaction.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
hari'a picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell St.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
'
! GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 527 Market st
COTTAGES TO LET.
MODERN 6-room cottage, $20; keys at 2304 Ful-
ton st., Park House.
SUNNY cottages, I rooms, bath, basement; flat
of 7 rooms, bath, cheap. 1876 Fifteenth St.,
near Dolores.
DENTISTS. .
DR. T. BIGGINS' dental parlors, 927
Market st., over Cafe Zinkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the best and most artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up: other fillings from 50c.
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain: plates that n't
from 54 DO up: flesh colored plates from $3 50
up; teeth without plates a specialty; open
evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anesthetic for Dalnless dentistry,
Synol, on application to the gums, removes
the pain: see our flesh colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
! out a plate; fillings, 10c; crowns. $3 £0; plates,
full set, $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
• have your extractions dene painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns,
! $3 M up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a- m. to 10 p. m.: Sundays. 9 to 2
! p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. P., Manager.
I DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farreil St., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
i derful secret method; crowns, $2: bridges, $4;
rubh«r or flexible plates, J3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
i ity; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
i DR. N. BAR DUE. r. 211 Examiner Bldg.j
j work reasonable: satisfaction guaranteed.
LOWEST prices In S. F. : work warranted 10
y>ars. N. Y. Dentists. 967 Mission, cor. 6th.
' I SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
; YOUNG. iS4i Polk st. -
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
j S. F. Dressmaking School; practical method
taught; suits cut and fit to order; reasonable.
I 104 Ken.my st.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 357 Geary; dresses
made $5 un; dresses made over; perfect fit.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post~st..~~ian
Francisco— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, telegraphy,
English branches, civil and mining engineer-
ing, assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy,
'surveying, etc.; electrical engineering— theory.
practice, design, construction, mechanical
drawing: 25 teachers: Individual Instruction:
200 graduates annually placed In positions;
I students can enter for any course any time;
no entrance examinations; new 80-page cata-
logue free.
A NIGHT School for Men, Y. M. C. A.. Mason
and Ellis sts.— Opens October 2. Business and
industrial Shorthand, typewriting,
bookkeeping. electricity, mechanical and
architectural . drawing, German. Spanish.
English, grammar, mathematics, elocution,
commercial law, physical culture classes, etc.
A membership privilege. , Call or send for
school catalogue. Tuition within reach of all.
M. G. BARRETT, a leading court and general
. reporter <graduate of State Normal), instructs
j In shorthand; pupils by mall. 302 Montgomery.
.. .-•■: : — - .. <■
THE SA>i FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1899,
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.. short-
hand, typewriting, bookkeeping, writing Eng-
lish telegraphy, under qualified teacher; low
' rates: life scholarship, $50; catalogue.
\CCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers:
* Fllii system; sunny rooms; low rates: day.
' even. San Francisco Bus. College. 123t Markt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mtn-
lr-E mech survey, assay. ;day and even.;
esf.' 1564 VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
MATHEMATICS, mechanics, steam, graphics,
etc • circulars and sp«-cimen lesson papers;
evenings. 3040 Sixteenth st.
LADY, experienced high school teacher, Uni-
versity graduate, teaches in families. 9j4
Adeline St.. Oakland.
SINGING, piano; Paris grad. ; French, Spanish,
$2 mo. W0 G. G. aye.. r. 5-7; hours 2 to 8.
LAwl?<-hoo!s. '-' Market. S. V . and 905 Broad -
I way. Oakland: (Jay and night; correspondence.
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory of
I. • -:c; lessens. 75c. 320 Golden Gate aye.
"EXPANSION" the order at.DURHAM'S Bus-
I mess College. 305 Larkin St., opp. City Hall.
1 BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic.grammar, writing;
; day and night; terms low. IBM Mission. nr
! CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
I fall. 16 rag*'?, sent to any address in the
| United States, postpaid, for SI per year.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEI'M Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
i nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
; help. GEO. OAKI. 30 Geary St.: t«l. Grant 16.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS Norwegian girl desires a situ-
ation as cook or houseworker; good ref.
MISS H. CULLINAN, phone Main 651.
NEAT young girl desires a situation as second
I girl or assist housework; $12 to $15. MISS H.
CULLINAN, 323 Sutter St. I
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires a situa-
tion; best city ref. MISS H. CULLINAN.
323 Sutter St. [ !
RESPECTABLE young woman wants position
as housekeeper for widower; wages $10; ref-
erences. Address box 10, Call Branch, 300
Hayes st. ' |
GENERAL housework by young woman; Is
good cook, washer and lroner. 10 Wetmors
St., bet. Powell-Mason and Washington-Clay. ;
I ELDERLY woman wants position to do light
housework; clean and neat; good cook. Call
| at 1231 Market St., room IS.
DRESSMAKER of experience on be« work. ;
perfect fitting; latest styles; costumes remod-
eled; $125 per day. 501 Post St., room 14.
GERMAN woman wants work in boarding-
house or private: good cook with pastry:
wants $20 or $25; city references. *j2 Howard. ,
A RESPECTABLE girl wishes general house-
work; plain cooking: no objection to light t
washing. 161S Webster st.
RELIABLE Eastern girl desires position at
general housework; wages CO to $.i 5. Call at
221 Hickory aye.
WORK by the day by first-class laundress.
Box 2320. Call. i
A NEAT girl wishes a situation In small fam-
ily; housework; $15 a month. 270 Jessie st.
WOMAN wishes work; good plain cook; good
wages expected. 961 Mission st.
YOUNG girl wishes place at upstairs work or
general housework; wages $1S to $20. Call at
4330 Seventeenth st.
YOUNG girl wishes situation as infant's nurse
or to assist with light housework or second i
work; wages $S to $10. Apply at 23S Corbett
aye.. nr. Danvers st.. bet. 17th and lHh.
TWO young ladies wish positions as chamber-
maid's In city or country- 357 Clementina st.
BOOKKEEPER, stenographer; neat young
lady desires position, fully competent to take
charge of office and answer correspondence;
salary $30 per month. Box 2179, Call office.
LETTERS written by an expert; all letters,
personal or business, strictly confidential.
MRS. HOWARD. 20S Eddy St.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes work, ladies'
or misses', In families by the day or at home.
919 A Suttcr St.. telephone 962 Larkin.
COMPETENT lady stenographer and type-
writer wants steady city position; salary $50
per month: five years in last place; best ref-
erences. Box 2336, Call office.
YOUNG lady wishes a place as housekeeper;
city or country. 307 Fourth St.. roogi IS.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms: 25c to fl 50 night: $1 50 to $6
wek: convenient and respectable: free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10S6 Va-
lencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED ALE.
GARDENER, professional, wants situation
where the best possible result Is expected;
trained and experienced in the beet gardens;
thorough knowledge of hothouses, ferneries,
propagating, landscape work; carpet bedding,
etc. ; credentials on application to Gardener,
552 Folsom St.. San Francisco.
OMAN, understands his business thor-
oughly in all branches. No. 1 references, de-
Bires situation as such. Address C. S., 1022
Jackson Bt. j
YOUNG Danish coachman and gardener desires
situation in private place; can milk; handy
with tools; temperate habits: references. Ad-
dress P. LUND. NO Seventh St., Oakland.
MIDDLE-AGED man. German, wishes position
as bartender or assistant: security given If re-
quired. K. HAUB, 787 O'Farrell st.
YOUNG man wishes position in grocery store
or willing to do any kind of work. Apply 617
Bryant st. .
SITUATION as foreman on hop ranch; two ex-
perienced men; good references. Box 3!>S,
Uklah, Cal. _'.
SITUATION wanted by steady man; good driv-
er; acquainted with city. L., box 235». Call. ,
BY sober, Industrious man. a situation as sec- j
ond cake baker. Call or address 1088 Silver hi.
GOOD barber wants a situation; steady. Box
2315, Call. ■ ■• _.
WANTED— A position as salesman In whole-
«a!« fruit house; 15 years in last place. Ad-
dress box 2087, Call office.
WANTED— By a steady, sober man, a place
as watchman; 15 years' experience in last
place; best reference. 655 Pine st.
WANTED— By man of 20 years' experience,
bltuatlon as engineer or machinist. Address
box 2356, Call office.
POSITION wanted by young man of 21, speaks
and writes German, French and English; 2
years' experience in hotel business. Address
box 2088, Call office.
POSITION by an honest, sober, reliable man,
willing to do anything; have had some ex-
perience as a traveling salesman. Address
box 2079. Call Office.
WOULD like Job watching in place of trust;
can give best of reference or security. Ad-
dress G. W. H. , 1238 Bush St.
SITUATION wanted by engineer and steam-
Jitter. Address box 2059. Call office.
WANTED — Work by a young man at window
and housecleaning by the day, or other work.
HENRY ANDERSEN, 952 Bush St.; Tel. East
. 963. . -
THOROUGHLY competent and experienced en-
gineer wishes a position; best of references.
Address box 2301. Call.
AN Italian, recently arrived and wltn best
references, desires employment as sculptor;
Is proficient in drawing, modeling and all
sorts of ornamental work, cornices, etc.;
holds silver medal Academy of Genoa, Italy.
Address L. F. LASTRETO. 318 Front st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090 Va-
lencia st. '
:_" EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
1071^ Market St.. San Francisco: exam, free.
EXCHANGE.
UNIMPROVED ranch property. 200x100. In
Martinez. Cal., value $4000, to exchange for
S. F. real estate. Box 2316. Call office.
FIRMTIRE FOR SALE.
HOUSEHOLD furniture, carpets, pictures,
moves, etc., at a bargain, or » 11l rent cot-
tage furnished. Apply Wednesday, 27th. 9
a. m. to 4 p. m., 3990 Twentieth st.
HEAVY matting. 10c per yard; linen warp, 15c;
tapestry Brussels carpet sewed, laid and lined.
50c per yard. EASTERN OUTFITTING CO..
1310-1312 Stockton St., nr. Broadway.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WASTED.
WANTED— SSOOO carpets, furniture, etc.; high-
eft price paid; postal. H. COLEiIAN, 1125
Mission st.
WANTED— SSOOO carpets. furniture, »tc. ; highest
price paid; postal. M. Sllverstein.ll2l Market.
FLATS TO LET.
ADELAIDE Place, 8, off Taylor, near Post—
rooms; sunny; very central; $12. • •■ -
BRANNAN, 422, ' near Third— Nice . upper ' flat
of 4 rooms, newly cleaned, on sunny side of
street; yard, cellar and water free; rent $10.
BUSH. ■ 2128 — Sunny modern flat;- seven (7)
rooms, large yard and basement; rent reason-
. able. '-•■ ■■ • . - '■■•■.'■'■ . ..'--;'. .-':■ ■■"■-;
ELEGANT flat; 6 sunny : rooms: bath; fine
view; reasonable, 425 Thirteenth m. _•
— .. — I__^ — _., . . _r_ —
FLATS TO LET. _.___ j
; FINE double flat, 8 rooms and bath; yard and
garden; reduced rent. 658 Hayes st. ■
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st. -.'
! FLAT of 4 unfurnished rooms and bath; sun-
ny; rent $12. 1718 Leavenworth st.
HARRIETT. 245, bet. Sixth and Seventh' and
. Harrison — Bay-window; 3 rooms; sunny; $10.
: LEAVENWORTH^ 1519—5 rooms; gas and
bath; modern improvements; rent $15.
MODERN 4-room flat. $16; rear flat. $7 50. 72
i Laskie St.. off Mission, near Ninth. I
I NEAR City Hall; sunny upper flat, six rooms
i and bath. 27 Birch aye., off Larkin St., bet.
i Grove and Fulton.
i NICE flat. 8 sunny rooms, bath, all modern Im- [
! provements; rent $25. 5397 Sacramento St.
O'FARRICLL. 1333 to 1937— New flats Just om-
pleted; rent reasonable. Apply MADISON St
BURKE. ,
I PERRY. 117, off Third— Upper bay-window flat;
6 lanr« sunny rooms; rent $17.
UNION, EM Rear house. 8 rooms, $10; front
sunny flat. 5 rooms, bath. $12. Apply at 7*6^
Montgomery aye.
4 'SUNNY rooms near Mail dock; also flat. «■
rooms; $14 and $10. Key 623 Second it.
I $12— LOWER flat, four clean rooms, yard, eel- j
l lar; sanitary plumbing. 430 S-v-n'.h at.
HRKIKK>, FURS. ETC
! ELECTRIC seal capes, Astrakan yoke*. $10 to
| $30. ROOT. WALLACE. 115 Ktarny. top floor.
H_LP WANTED AGENTS.
WANTED— agents: 'something j
new; $1 to $5 to be made dally. Call. bet. i
8 and 9 a. m. and 4 and 6 p. m., room 53<,
Parrott building. __________
HELP WANTED- FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN _ CO. ..PHONE "GRANT 185"
1 waitresses, Nevada. City, $20 (fare here);
waitress. Auburn. $20 (fare here); waitress,
San Jose, $20; waitress, Modesto, $20; wait-
ress, Oakdale, $20; chambermaid to wait. Pa- j
cific Grove, $20; chambermaid to wait. An- j
tioch, $22 50; waitress, Napa, $20: laundress,
Jamestown, $17 50; 2 ironers. Vallejo, $10 per
week; lroner, San Jose, $25.
FAMILY ORDERS.
Nursery governess, country. $25, and 60 IrlB
for general housework and cooking. $10 to
$25; city and country
C. R. HANSEN - CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— 4 Scandinavian and German cooks
■ $30; 2 cooks for country hotels. $35; second '
i girl and laundress, $25; German second girl
i and care for child 9 years old. $20; 3 second
; girls, $20; 3 waitresses, country hotels and j
restaurants, .$2O and $25; 2 laundresses for in- I
stitution, $20; kitchen helper for institution,
I $20; 100 girls for housework, city and country.
i $20 and $25. J. F. CROSETT -'CO.. 316 Batter.
WANTED— 2 waitresses for small country ho- i
tel, $20; 10 girls to pack fruit by -the box, can j
make $1 50 to $2 a day; Protestant second girl. .
$20; lroner lor laundry, $30 and board. J. P.
CROSETT _ CO., 316 Sutter Bt.
NEAT young girl to assist, $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A— HOUSEWORK, San Rafael. $15; Alameda.
$20; Oakland, $25: Stockton, $25; cook and
second girl, same place. $2i> and $15; 10 j
housework, city. ?25 and $20: 12 young girls
to assist. $10. $12 and $13. city and country.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A COOK, San Jose, $30. Irish preferred; a Ger-
man cook, city, $30. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323
Sutter st.
t HOUSEWORK, San Ra\iel. $20. for 6 weeks:
2 in family: nice plac*. MISS H. CULLI-
NAN, 323 Sutter el.
CHAMBERMAID. $20; waitress, $23. HOTEL
GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery st.
WANTED— Bright an attractive young lady
to act as cashier in cigar store; $7 per week I
and carfare. Call at new barber shop, opp. j
main entrance of Presidio.
YOUNG girl to assist light housework and cara
of two-year-old child; call this forenoon. 615
Post st. I
WILLING person for general housework; short !
distance in country; steady home; $10. Box |
2178. Call. , .
ELDERLY lady to do housework; good home; J
wages $10. '1 ' Sycamore aye., bet Seven-
teenth and Eighteenth st.
EXPERIENCED salesladies and makers for
millinery; steady position; apprentices want-
ed. 130 Sixth st.
SEVERAL ladies for instructors; new business;
profitable. Call at 472 V* Thirteenth st., Oak-
land. | '
GIRL for light housework. 1910 Polk St., near
Jackson st.
WANTED— Tailoress at RAPHAEL'S.
WOMEN and girls to pack fruit; union graded;
steady work. Corner Battery and Union Bts.
WANTED— for housework; wages $12. »52 :
Pine st.
COMPETENT girl for general housework in j
small family; $20. 409 Clayton st., near Oak. I
WANTED— GirI to help on first-class coats. j
206 Minna st.
WANTED — Girl for cooking and downstairs
work. 836 Union at. j
WANTED— Apprentice on custom-made coats;
paid well while learning. 659 Clay, room 7.
FINISHERS on vests and experienced appren-
tice. Room 61. 6 Eddy st.
WANTED— GirI for general housework. 3441
Twentieth »t.. cor. Capp.
GIRL for light housework; German preferred.
Call bet. » and 12, 508 Hyde Ft.
: GIRL for housework at 52 Second st.
I WANTED— German cook In restaurant, 113 i
Turk st ; no other need apply.
WAITRESS, private family; wages $25. MRS.
CATTELL. 525 Eighth St.. Oakland.
GIRL to take care of children. Apply Twenty-
eighth and Alabama sts.
A RELIABLE girl for housework; wages $16.
1&08 Larkin st.
A FIRST-CLASS trimmer wanted by milliner.
Mission Wonder. 2518 Mission st.
FEW operators wanted on overalls, as also on
overshlrt«; we have also a few vacant ma- j
chines for learners; steady work; can earn
from %i to $8 per week when experienced. I
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough
and Grove sts.
girls: girls: girls: girls:
LEV! STRAUSS _ CO.. »24 Fremont et.,
are putting In the very best sewing ma-
I chines and will take in several hundred more i
operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to j
MR. DAVIS.
NURSE for child 3 years old; good references.
Inquire 2 to 4. MRS. KING, Colonial Hotel.
j MILLINERY makers and trimmers wanted. I
North Beach Wonder, 1411 Stockton st.
WANTED— Young German girl to assist In
| housework and children. C6l Geary st. .
WANTED— 3 lady canvassers to sell tea and
coffee In city: good profits. Box 2088, Call.
WANTED— Maid for light dining-room work in i
private family; wages $15. Address P. O. !
box 454. San Rafael.
WANTED— Ten coat finishers and apprentices;
also button-hole makers. 135 Natoma st.
| GIRL for housework and plain cooking; 3 In
I family; $15. 1519 Grove st.
RESTAURANT waitress wanted. 631 Clay St.,
near Kearny.
I WANTED— First-class talloress at SCHIMMEL
, _A STOVER'S, 408 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher custom coats; high
wages, steady work. 651 Folsom St., corner
Hawthorne.
WANTED— First-class hands for dressmaking: |
no other need apply. 14 Grant aye., room 72. I
WANTED— Young girl to mind baby; wages
$5. Apply 1410 Vermont st., near 25th.
McDOWELL Dressmaking' School gives a
thorough, artistic course. 103 Post st.
IRONERS wanted by U. S. LAUNDRY ASSO-
CIATION. Sixteenth st.. near Valencia.
WOMEN and girls wanted to worn on fruit at
' 178 San Jose aye.
I — — . — - — - — _ — —^ • j
| A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and :
• subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va- !
lencla »t -' ~ " y
HELP WASTED MALE.
WANTED— 2 young men to drive wagons and
attend to routes and 2 boys 14 to 15 to clean
glass chimneys. Stolle Inc. Gaslight Co., 722 !
Valencia st. ; apply 7 to 11 a. m.
i WANTED— Boy with some experience in tail-
oring; good wage*; steady worn. 1286 E
Fourteenth St.. bet. Twenty-fifth and Twenty-
slxth ayes., Oakland. : , , . < . ■ .
WANTED— To-day 3 good laborers with their
picks anil shovels on Vlcksburg •'■ st., bet.
Twenty-second and Twenty-third: $2 per da.
WANTED— porter and bootblack;
Spanish preferred. Apply, bet. 8 and 8:30
a. m.. Palace H^tel Barber Shop..
PHOTOGRAPHER wanted for Illustrated Jour-
nal; must be good at snapshot work. ; fiox
2324, Call. . ...-,,- ■-■..■-, _____
WANTED— Good coatmaker to go to country.
Apply Detroer Woolen Company, 11 Pansome.
COATMAKERS and pantsmakers for country.
Apply REISS BROS., 24 gutter st. .. .._
HELP WANTED MALE.
C. R. HANSEN St CO 104 GEARY ST.
EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
....HOTEL AND RESTAURANT DEPT....
Chef, $12- r .; second cook, $60; vegetable cook.
$40; meat and pa.«try cook. $oO; cook and
helper, sahxin lunch house. $60; second baker.
$S5 and found; 3 cooks, boarding house. $40;
night cook. $50: broiler, $9 a week: cake baker.
$10 a week; 3 cooks, boarding house, $40;
waiters, nurth. $U a wwk; 3 waiters, same
country hotel, $25; 2 waiters, same hotel, $25;
3 waiters, hotel, city, J3o; waiter and tend
bar. $25.
10 colored extra waiters, $2 a day and free
fare both ways; colored nurses' hall waiter.
$25; 17 dishwashers, potwashers. kitchen
handß and vegetable men, $20 to $30.
Washer, institution, $30 and found; washer,
hand laundry, $8 a week. C. R. HANSEN
fc CO.. 104 Geary st.
10 CARPENTERS for open flume building for
a company, S3 a day. board $4 10 a week, part
fare advanced, see boss here; 50 c<jal miners
for Utah, I-.-— bjsa here, fare paid; 2 boiler-
makers, country, V. 75 a day: wire nail
makers ; spnug makers; 2 boys to learn spring
making, $l a day. C. R. HANSEN & Co.,
104 Geary st.
FRKE FEE FREE FARE
Teamsters and laborers for the ('oa*t road -
ship Thursday. C. R. HANSEN &. CO. 104
Geary st.
FREE FARE FOIT MARTINEZ
j' -i-h^iae scraper teamst-rs %. J, a day
10 I'-h'.me scraper teamsters $.' iw a day
lv laborers $2 00 a day
SHIP TO-DAY
C. R. HA.NSEN St CO.. 104 Geary F t.
COMPANY WORK FREE FARi
20 laborers, $1 75 a day; board $4 50 a week.
C. R. HANBBN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
10 STONEMASONS, $3 50; 16 helpers $2^ for
railroad work; free fare. C. R HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary gt.
FARE ADVANCED SAWMILL WORK
Cross cutters, $30; barkers, $30; snipers. $35;
Ja-kscrewers, $35: twimpers, $2«; see boss
here. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
WANTED— 4 German miners. $2 50 day; coach-
man. $30; man and wife, private family, $50;
farmer and wife, $35; carpenters. $2 JO to $3
day. city; stableman, $25 to $30; machinist;
teamster tor milkman. $35 and found; scraper
teamsters. $2 a day: pcraper holders. $1 75
day; farmers; farmer and wife. $35; woods-
men at going wagee; 10 laborers about mill,
fare paid, see boss in city, and others. J
F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento Bt.
WANTED— 2 boarding house cooks $35 and $40;
restaurant cooks. 310 and $I.' week; waiters
for hotels and restaurants. $11 week, and S3O;
dishwasher for country hotel. $20; dishwash-
ers for city; pantryman, bellboys and others.
.1 F CROSETT &. CO.. 62s Sacramento st.
WANTED — Grape pickers by contract for
Santa Cruz County. J. F. CROSETT & CO .
62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— IO Italian laborers to handle lum-
ber in Nevada County, Cal., $2 per day. see
boss here.
FARE PAID
W. D EWER & CO ., OS '".ay st.
WANTED— 2O coal miners for Utah, fare paid
and good waives, see bo? 3 here; 4 miners.
$2 2.i ; 6 laborers about mine, $2 per day. no
experience required; 150 men for mills, woods,
brickyards, etc, from $30 and board up;
farnierc; milker?; cooks; waiters: dishwaph-
ers, and 100 others; steward for steamer. W
D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
ANDRE'S Office, 316 Stockton St.— Coachman,
$30; 2 gardener*. $25 and $30; butler, $40; night
cook, $50: dishwasher, no Sunday work;
kitchen hand. $25; night waiter, $35; hotel
waiter. $3f-: man for coal yard. $2 a day; 20
grape pickers, Alameda County; 2 young men
for country hotels, $15 and $20. etc.
BOY wanted about 18 yearß old to work In
store; must be well recommended. Apuly
Twenty-eighth and Alabama sts.
WANTED— Strong boy at 106 Clay st.
WANTED— Errand boy about 15; $2 50 per
week.. 211 Sutter St., room 4.
WANTED— Pastry and short order cook. 131
Ellis St.. the Burlingame.
YOUNG man to drive milk wagon; German
preferred; good wag^s. 1507 Broderick st.
WANTED — Coatmaker and bushelman. B. F.
MILLARD, ;C4 Geary st.
BOY to feed printing press. 4" Bt< a son st.
BUSHELMAN. also a presser, wanted at
RAPHAEL?.
ERRAND boy about 16 in wholesale house.
Apply GRAF BROS., 569 Market st.
WANTED— MiddIe-aged man or smart boy to
assist In dining room. Appfy 532 Third st.
BEDMAKER and a sweeper at the Dewey
House, 32 East st.
DISHWASHER. 313 O'Farrrll st,
WANTED- Piano player for Val!ejo, g $30 per
month and found. 624 Jackson st.
FIRST-CLASS barber wanted; no others need
apply. 1405 Pulk st.
BARBER want-d: steady work. 217 Fourth St.
WANTED — Piano salesman of experience; sal-
ary and commission. Box i.il'3, <"a:i.
ERRAND boy for tailor shop from S a. m. to
7 p. m. 333 Kearny *t., room 11.
WAITER; also boy. Oyster stand. 212 O'Far-
rell st.
TWO good painters this morning. Apply 2SOI
Twenty-fourth Bt., 10 a. m.
WHITENER and painter wanted. 3SI Fifth st.
WAITER wanted at 261 First st. Apply before
10 a. m.
WANTED— Dishwasher. Star Hotel, 1530 Ken-
tucky st.
WANTED— Experienced carriage trimmer. 1049
Mission st.
<;i">l> tailor wanted for busheling. 625 Com-
mercial st.
WAITER wanted at 613 Clay St.
DISHWASHER wanted; must assist cooking.
607 Clay st.
WANTED— A first-class coat maker. 410 Kearny
et., room 35.
BOY of 15 years of age: must be honest and In-
dustrious. Box 2176. Call.
VEGETABLE man. 119 Stockton st.
FIRST-CLASS coatmakers and bushelmen to
work by the day; work Inside. Apply to
P N. WOOD & CO., 713 Market St.
WANTED- Several GOOD DEPUTY ORGAN-
IZERS for ONE of the BEST FRATERNAL
ORDERS in California. Call or addrese DR.
W. M. PARK, 24 Sixth St., room 5; hours.
10 a. m. to 2 p. m.
WANTED — Teamsters to drive scrapers; waires
$1 7f. and $2: board, $4 50 per week. Apply
E. B. STONE'S camp, near San Pablo sta-
tion, on Valley Rn»d.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Seoy. . 630 Market, downstairs.
AN experienced watchmaker and optician;
young man preferred ; must have references.
COHN'S. f'2s Broadway. Oakland.
PARTY well acquainted and controlling busi-
ness can secure position in large fire and
marine Insurance office; salary paid to right
party. Address box 2307. Call.
WANTED-! bushelman and presser. San
Jose Woolen Mills Co., room I, 523 Market
St., bet. 12 and 1 o'clock.
BARBERS— Two-chair shop cheap; good prices;
short hours. 503 Washington st.
WANTED — Two good barbers; steady Job. Ap-
ply 871 Market st.
GOOD cabinet maker wanted at William Bate-
man's, 835 Folsom St. ; good wages.
WANTED— Two good tailor* on custom coats;
call at once. 138 Natoma st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. "62 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2 1 ets.
500 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damager. half
price. 562 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
GOOD bushelman: $1S: steady work year
around. 115-117 Phelan building.
WOODTURNER wanted. GEORGE C. PAPE.
Berkeley, Cal.
THREE-chair shop cheap if sold to-day; trial
given. BTULTZ. 630 Market st.
BUSHELMAN wanted. Apply after 9 a. m. to
CHAS. LYONS. London Tailor. 721 Market st.
LOCKSMITH or toolmaker. 1706 Dwight way,
Berkeley.
WANTED — Three men of energy to canvass;
straight salary. 8 a. m.. SOO Post st.
TO Tailors— Good coatmakers wanted. Apply
at 11 a. m.. at the Sfvenson-st. entrance.
CHAS. LYONS. London Tailor. 721 Market st.
PENSIONS-J. H. SHEPARD St CO.. attor-
neys, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
JEWELERS. 32S Bush St.. third floor, room 4.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
SAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe.
Hawaiian Islands. Manila. Alaska. New York.
W. LANE. Shipping Agent. 604-5"6 Davis st.
FIRST-CLASS furnishing goods salesman and
window dresser. Apply box 2272, Call.
GENTS' fine calf shoes to order, $2 50 up; sole-
Ing, 20c to 35c; heeling. 15c up. 543 Howard st.
TRY our 16c meals; best In city. 40« McAllis-
ter st.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
kBhBAyXrBADT ..J'H"NK MAIX 6S4S j
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
; WANT TO-DAY 7 A. M -•••• ]
Help for Utah, Oregon, Washington. l.a- .
! ■n-aiian Islands. Arizona, British Columbia, all
parti of California -.""_- .""" I
MURRAY & READY. b34 and 636 Clay St.
A 9 GOLD MINES •■•••
4 SILVER MINES
23 OTHER MINES. ...._.....•••-
-25 miners $2 50 a day
184 laborers ("no experience wanted }. »^<
per month, including beard and 10dging5.. .....
25 laborers, fare $150; No. 1 mine $»>
16 laborers, fare $2 50, No. 1 n?ine, $34 and |
found: 27 laborers, large mine ♦»» j
MURRAY A READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— BOILERMAKERS, machinists, blacksmiths j
7 bollermakers. country jobs I" '•> (la >* '
7 blacksmiths and helpers. $60. $■"•". $35 and
found. MURRAY & READY, m and 62a j
Clay st. ' .
A— f .." MARRIED HELP ..•••
5 farmers and wives: 2 waiters and wait-
resses; 2 milkers and wives: 2 chambermaids
and Dorters; 5 cooks and wives for hotels,
etc. ; wife to cook for men, man as choreman
on ranch: $60. $55. (50, $45. $40, $35. S2O and
found. MURRAY & READY. ti34 and 630
Clay st.
READ THIS CAREFULLY
| 2 cooks. Government Institution, $40 and fd...
Blacksmith on wagon ironwork $3 day
3 carpt-nters. Shasta Co i- "••> day
Pantryman, $7 ami fd....14 cooks for ranches
25 single hand drillers $2 50 day :
10 laLorers. a n.?w mine $52 ami found
id cook. »14; niKht cook. $12; 4lh cook. $10.
MURRAY & READY. 654 and 636 Clay St.
STABLEMEN OTHER HELP
27 buggy washers, harness cleaners, doormen.
hostl»r« all round stablemen, for city and
country Jobs. $50. $45. $40. $35, $30 and $25
and found i
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— HOTEL DEPARTMENT BAKERS
.".. C .?s65 8 $55," $50." "545."540,"" 535." $30 and found I
19 waiters $35. $30. $35. $20, $15 and found ,
1 S8 dishwashers 30. $25. $20, $15 and found i
■ 4 first 5 second, 6 third hand bakers; also o i
boys to learn. $45. $40. $35, $30, $25, $20, $15 j
i and found; come and see us
' 15 porters bedmakers, bell and elevator Doys.
pantry men. Janitors, $30, *25, $20, $15 and
found • • • • :
7 laundrymen '. $35. $30, $2o and found
6 cooks and wives •••••
MURRAY A READY. 634 and 638 Clay St.
A-GOOD WAGES GETS GOOD HELP
25 laborers, no experience, fare 50c $60
12 laborers, fare $15") , A'«:"r b0
IS teamsters, fare 75c $-' -'a da.v
25 four-horse teamsters $34 and found <
164 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California; wages $3 50, S3. $2 £0, $2. $1 75 day; j
3 milk wagon drivers, city..?3s. $25 and found j
young man for a grocery More, city ;
* :...$2O and found j
6 railroad section hands, fare 50c $60
CHOREMEN AND BOYS |
83 choremen ant> boys for farms. stores,
shops learn 23 trades, work in factories,
manufacturing concerns, etc.. $40, $30. $25, $20,
515. $10 and found; by the day
MURRAY & READY. <34 and 636 Clay at. _
HARVEST FIELDS FARMS AND
DAIRIES
hoe downs, cleaner tenders, formers. 4 laborers !
to work around thrasher sack sewers straw
bucks, derrick forkers, fireman, $4. $3. $2 o'i,
$2 $175, $1 50 day ••■ ••■ ••• ■ •
20 strong men to bale hay $3 oO day
92 farm hands, steady Jobs
$35, $30. $26 and found
i'mlikers •*• $25 and found
MURRAY "& "READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
...... VERY IMPORTANT
4 nrerren for a mine, fare $2 50 $60 •
2 firemen for • a ranch, fare $1 *££__: »____ I
manto handle powder, near city ....$2 50 day |
9 laborers. tore Hie. steady Job .............. sbo ,
young German around city packing house.. ,
3 laborer's" for "factory, city $150 day
engineer, city Job :••• » day
m*n for a wine cellar, country job
2 tallymen and load cars, lumber company..
_______ $2 50 day
carpenter for Government Civil Service
__ $£0 and found j
coachmen"." gardeners, private family help .... ]
2 grill ironworkers, city $i day
mesßbov. young man. city coal yard
housecleaner, city institution — $20 and found
extra butcher, $2 day; man to carry bread ..
helper for foundry and wineries, city
grapepickers by the ton $1 50 ton
butcher; cafe, near city, steady good job
blacksmith helper for mine $60 1
" wheelwright, country shop. Contra Coeta Co.
stone and concrete masons harness makers j
upholsters slate splitters
woodturners mill bench hands
cabinet makers sash and door makers |
block makers setters saw mills j
machinists on corrugated rolls coopers
wages above jobs, $5, $4. $3 60. $3, $2 50 a day.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— ..S3 50 DAY— COAL MINERS— S3 50 DAY..
TO SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH
Fare paid; boss at our office; come and see
him.
......WE SHIPPED 20 LAST MONDAY
. .SHIPPED 155 YESTERDAY
SHIPPING 175 SATURDAY NEXT
There has not been any labcr troubles
There is not now ....any labor troubles j
There will net be any labor troubles
Great contracts have been made by the rail- !
road company for the coal, which will insure
work for years- to come
REMEMBER
If you are in British Columbia, Oregon,
Washington or other States, or any part of
California, come at once: we will ship you.
Don't write MURRAY & READY....
Come yourself 634 and C 36 Clay st..
A— FRUIT X ;■:."..-•
GRAPE PICKERS
•. 565 MEN AND BOYS
....FARES $125. OFFICE FEE $1 ONLY....
....ANYBODY WILL SUIT: YOU WILL....
SO to 90 days' work. $.10 per month and found.
MURRAY A READY, 634 and 036 Clay st.
A—... WE PAY YOUR FARES
TO SS SAWMILLS. ETC
NO EXPERIENCE WANTED
....197 MEN FOR 50 DIFFERENT J085....
..FROM LABORERS TO RUN MACHINES..
..Wages, $26 to $40 per month and found..
Also lumber pliers, crosscut sawyers....
....Tree fellers, bark peelers, Jackscrewers....
Woodsmen and mill men of every description,
$86, $75, $6.'.. $50, . $45. $40. $30 and found;
woodchoppers, tlemaker*, shingle bolt mak-
ers, picket makers, etc.. by the hundreds.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
A— WE SHIP YOU FREE FREE FARE
To every railroad In California but one: dril-
lers and hammersmen, teamsters, laborers,
stonemasons, etc., from $3 50 a day: board,
lodgings, etc., coat $4 50 a week. ("Remem-
ber, the one we don't ship to Is the Coast
R. R.")
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— FARE PAID OREGON FARE PAID
25 men to work lor a sawmill company
MURRAY & BEADY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
A— IX SAN FRANCISCO
164 laborers, teamsters, $2 50, $2. $1 75 a day.
MURRAY A READY, «34 and 636 Clay st.
A— CARPENTERS CARPENTERS
25 carpenters, 8 hours, free fare. 16 miles from
San Francisco: 9 months' job — ..$3 day
IS carpenters, city and country J0b5.... 53 day
MURRAY * READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
DRIVER delivery wagon, fare $2 50. $25 and
found: driver bakery wagon, fare 10c
coatmakers: 2 boys, city factory, $6: cake
bakers. $I.'. MURRAY & READY, 634 and
636 Clay st. ; •
MEN wanted to learn barbtr trade In eight
weeks: only Institution teaching the tonso-
rial art; constant practice; expert Instruction:
lectures on dermatology: Sat. wages: positions
guaranteed: call or write for illustrated cata-
logue. Mohter's Barber College. 635 Clay st.
! WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
i that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
MEN- and women to learn barber trade at 8.
F. BARBER COLLEGE. 138^ Eighth st.
| 200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. l."c and 25c
j per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard: read. rm.
i SINGLE rooms, 15c. 20c. 25c per night; 7Sc; $1
to $2 60 week. Elcho House, 5634 Market st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 25c night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
irnrin st.
»__________—~- „——————
| HORSES. LIVE STOCK, — For Sal«
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
3-7 Sixth st auction sales every Wednesday,
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL-
»IEL. Veterinary Dentist. 605 Golden Gate ay.
HOUSES— LODGING— FOR SALE,
50-ROOM .......;
CORNER HOUSE
CLEARS $200 .'
.ONLY $1600
SO rooms: corner; rent $55 $750
18 rooms; on Turk, near Market 650
20 rooms: on Eddy St.; must sell 600
26 rooms; corner; apartment house 1600
11-room house; one floor 330
32 rooms: 2 fronts; clears $250 2200
86 rooms; on Market St.; clears $200 . 1450
I H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st., opp. Fifth.
I PARTIES wishing to sell lodging houses see
BASILE. . 3 Eddy. St.. new cash buyer daily.
SNAP; 45 rooms; fine location: all rented;
rent $90 month. BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
$300— BARGAIN; 24 rooms; all rented; near
Market St. ; rent $40 month. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
$325—20 ROOMS: finely furn.; north of Market;
all rented: rent $40 month. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
5900— 50 ROOMS, clearing $100 per month; rent
: $76; $300 : cash, balance easy payments. 105
New Montgomery. • . : .
FOR sale— Lodging-house, ■ 2 blocks from Mar-
ket st. at sacrifice on account of death. Ap-
. ply KELLY. 137 Farrott building-. •
HOUSES LODGING SALE.
S~6so^PhiladeTphia House. 421 Bush st. ; 48 fur-
nished rooms; gas and water In every room.
TO rent— 9-roora lodging-house, with private
entrance in rear; newly painted, papered;
3134 O'Farrell St.. nr. Mason. 15 Grant aye.
LODGING houses— Call before buying and sell-
ing. Pacific Room Renting Co.. 426 Kearny.
" HOUSES TO LET.
A^"RlvfED^nsTPhou«es to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 MARKET ST. ~~
HOUSES • r I—a. la.
1914 Clay; 1" rms »E>JU«i Turk: 8 rms..
BO! Washington^ Vr 50 132 Scott; 6 rms... IS
*SIO McAllister- 9 r. M 707 Stockton; 6 r.. 25
lla Broadway;' S r.. 30 418 Fulton; 3 rms.. 10
A —9lo MCALLISTER st.; fine snnny 9 rooms.
bath" reduced from $45 to $40 to good tenant.
A M. SPECKjfc_CO-. 667 Market st.
NINE rooms, with private entrance: One for
renting rooms. 313U O'Farrell St.. nr. Mason.
HOUSE hunting made eangirttb »• Printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOW ELL.
10 Montgomery st.
$35— B \ Y-WIXDOW house. with furniture;
Pine It. Apply E. ROBIXET. room «.
iim California st. _ _^_____________.
LOST AND FOk.VD.
LOS^G^ia~watclTand chain on or near^Mar-
ket ?t. Please return room 32. Occidental
Hotel, and receive reward. .
LOST-Fox terrier bitch; 1 ear Mack: black
spot on back: lump on hind leg; $10 reward.
1507^ Franklin st. .
FOUND— 3 boats on estuary. Apply 461 Santa
Clara aye.. Alameda.
LOST— Sunday afternoon, gig Mayflower: prop-
erty Triton Boating Club; any Information
suitably rewarded. A. G. HATFIELD. 30.2
California st. ___^
SUNDAY: medallion pin. gold rim. Return to
Remington office and receive reward.
' MASSAGK. _
MAS^^GE" gentlemen treated at residence. D.
SULLIVAN. 215 Kearny St.; hours. 4 to 5 p. m.
" MEDICAL, x
DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor; Chinese tea
and herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay St.. San
Francisco; all diseases cu.-ed exclusively by
Chinese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used:
advice free; hours. 9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p. m.
DRS. GOODWIN, lady's physician, formerly
of 401 Van Ness aye. and 1362 Market St.;
now at US Eddy St.. one block from Market.
MADAM DE GIER'S magic wonder for ladies,
$.-.• safe an.l sure: $.'" reward in case of fa.l-
ure. 127 Murphy building. San Francisco.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies' physician. 1122 Mar-
ket ft.: bet. Mason and Taylor: hours. 9 to 5.
MRS DR. WTETH, ladies' physician; consul-
tation free. 942 Post. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS DR. GWYER. ladles' physician. 510
Eddy st.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. DR. DAVIES. ladles' physician. 122S
Market st.. bet. Taylor and Jones.
MRS. DR. WEGENER, ladles' physician; medi-
cated baths a specialty. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
MRS. ALLEN, ladies' physician. 228 Van Ness
aye., bet. Hayes and Grove; 9 a. m. to )> p. m.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason St..
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the.
United States or Canada one year for SI,
postage paid. _
MINES AND MINING.
W F. ARAM, mining attorney, room 40, Bta
floor. Mills bldg.. S. F. ; tel. Main 844.
COPPHR mine partly developed; accessible:
runs 10 per cent; price $15,000; gold quarts
mine in Oregon. 18-inch vein. $30 ore; price
$5C00: purchaser may deal with owner direct.
W. F. ARAM. Mills building. -
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2-hand machinery- Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion St.. above Sixth.
FOR sale— Lot 25x137:6; south side of Golden
Gate aye., bet. Laguna and Octavia sts.; In-
come $40. Address J. B. FRENCH. NW. cor-
ner of Ellis and Broderick sts.
FOR BALE— 2B cows, 14 heifers, 5 horses, 2
milk wagons, harness, cans, cooler, etc., and
$350 . route; terms cash. Address B. Call
Agency, San Jose. . ' . ' . - - .
FOR — An aluminum bicycle, almost new,
reasonable: leaving city cause of sale. Box
MM, Call office.
FRESH snowballs— "T. Carr" and all brands
English fire brick, fire clay, brick dust. S. R.
CHURCH. 307' Sansome St.. tel. Main 5086.
A VIOLIN box and bow for $7 50, worth In any
music store IX. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant.
FOR sale — English sextant: good order; cheap.
J. H. - CARTER, 732 Valencia St.
BARS, counters, showcases; shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. H. S. White, 616 Mission.
PHOTOGRAPHIC apparatus; bargain list No.
15 now ready for mailing. 109 Montgomery st.
SIX h.p. gasoline engine: also 15 h.p. portable
boiler & engine. Krogh Mfg. Co., Stevenson st.
OLD building for sale. Inquire N. MEYER,
311 Battery st.
A— 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
SAFES New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
specie chests; bullion safes, vaults, etc. Tha
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market St.. S. F.. Cal.
GASOLINE engines, all purposes: new and
second hand; carriage engines. DYNAMIC)
ENGINE CO.. 1309 Mission St.. near Ninth.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
__
BOILERS, engines, lathes, wood planers, 12 and
24 In. ; gas eng. 2d hand. J. Burke, 139 Beale.
DRESS pants, $2 75; fine suit. $10; MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. Mange Cure at all drug-
gists or at the Dog Hospital.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st. ___________________^___
MISCELLANEOUS AVAXTS.
WANTED— made handkerchiefs or hand-
kerchiefs with a history: wanted for loan ev-
hlbitlon. Address box 2177, this office.
WANTED— A Rood outfit for a butcher shop.
Box 2359, Call.
LADIES', children's cast-off clothing bought,
sold: postal. Mrs. Koeter. 916 Mont*' mery ay.
2 DENTAL chairs: must be Al and a bargain.
Ohio Dental Parlors, inc.. 850 Market St.:
open evenings and Sundays, 9 to i.
WANTED— To hire, 100 first-class scraper team*
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
STONE, Elmhurst.
A— Ladies' or gents' clothing, furniture bought.
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
OLD gold, gold dust, platinum and silver
bought. H. Landecker & Co., 118 Montgomery.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security: payable
back in installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase prlca wo will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
■ire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us first-
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly
Call 88-69 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission: no delays J
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission at., abova
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount of 6% per cent on real estate 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought- no da.
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, nn i.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-"
tain liberal advances on diamonds and '-w '
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 848 Market st.: telephone Main 1844.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confident!.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 PoweU s-;
PARTIES desirous of borrowing $50 to $200 en
_^i^ n n 8 of a fl t C e 8 . per cent ' * ddreM Lend "-
A RELIABLE place to borrow money on dia-
monds. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHALT 10 Sixth.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-'
out indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner T ,ld*.
$50 TO $60,000; lowest rate^- i«» and M mongT" 7
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 MintSE-Mry.'
IF your property | S mortgaged and roi need"
_more_money_^^H. MURPHY, jjo^>farke?"t
C Call P S £ and best » '" Amerlca-The Weefcly
United State, « Bei S to , U)r address In tha
Po«t_M B__! ° r Canad * OM >'«** fw «•MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
IS. we are selling good upright pianos for $6
f-0.-h and.Sh per month, we ask you to Investi-
and approve this method; prices are the
>ar.:e as if purchased tor all cash; bargains'
in-good second-hand uprights upon same easy j
payments aTid some good pianos for S3, «1 and '
£' P<r month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
St-inway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutte'r •
sts.'; San Francisco, and Thirteenth, and
m ßroadway, Oakland. '
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
w . es n l . of ehi «»«o Is KOHLER _ CHASE'S,
26, .S and SO O'Fcrrell st.: pianos, organs and
ail other musical Instruments of all grades
anJ rnres: terms easy; prices lowest: every- j
thing potsib!e done to lease and satisfy the :
customer. ;
A FEW GOOD BARGAINS. •
Uord upright .........$ll5
Cornish upright 17
Smith & Barnes 165
♦ new Weber pianos cheap. BENJ. CUR-
TA7. & SON. 16 OFarrell '«•
A— UPRIGHTS. {69 up; installments, $5 75 up;
rents, $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Ellis.
w - G - BADGER, 412 Sacramento'st.. agent for
trancls Bacon nr,.i'Hnll*tt i- Davis planes.
•*■" BARGAIN — Stelnway upright clwap.
_SCHMITZ. H McAllister, next Hibernla Bank.
A , FI - N; new walnut upright for $160 cash at !
__MAUVAIS'._7W Market St.
FINE Steinway 'upright sacrificed for cash.
Room 12. Flood building.
$75— ROSEWOOD piano, fine tune, on $5 install-
meiits. m.'i Poet Ft.
BUY a Decker upright at MAUVAIS', 769 Mar-
ket st.. If you want the best.
GOOD piano In storage on sale cheap for. cash
fc~ILSON;S,s STORAGE, 1710 Market st.
GREAT sale of "Ideal Guitars' ' this week at
Mauvals'. :O Market st. Get prices at ence. j
A— sS3 UPRIGHT piano in fine condition: also
the famo.us Hornung Bros. 215 McAllister st.
CHEAP Stelmray upright: also the famous
Hornung Kros.' pianos. 216 McAllister Ft.
SOIIMER, Byron Manzy and other pianos, "ioi
Pet st.
W.-VNTEIi— 2 Square Pianos and 4 Cabinet Or-
gr.r.s. BYRON MAUZY, SOS Post st.
[KXABE pianos: new scale; new • les. KOH-
I.KR & CHASE. SO OFarrell st. "
SUPERIOR violins. r.HhrrfT^tci and new. IF.
Mv I.LER. maker, ropaircr. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
< nil. Ie png<"=, sent to any address in -the
"i''!(.l Stntps. nns-naM. for t 1 *i"r year.
OFFICES \M> STORES — T«> LET.
FOR rent or for lease. !>53 Howard St.. large
store and itirge concrete basement,
PALMISTRYJ
MME. NEERGAARD. pupil (Count St.
:vm!n. Gl6 Geary «.. above* Jones: classes;
office hours. 1 to S p. m. ; reading by mail. $L
A WEEK'S news for 3 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 ragf*. in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year!
rr,n>o\
A NEW great discover}' for the permanent
removal of superfluous hair and a givat pro-
gress in medical science, which allows both
::ien and women to dispense with the painful
electric needle, which is very often danger-
ous to, use.
Therefore it would be well for any one who
Is afflicted -with iv .. a disfigurement to call
upon me. . '- '
Dr. Popper, specialist for all kinds of d(9- |
f jjurement on the face, cures freckles, moles,
pimples, blackworms. scars. Also a new meth-
od to cure birthmarks, tan, mot, wrinklos.
Also cleans complexion, etc., etc., and every :
case Is guaranteed by the well-known Dr.
Pepper, who' has piaciieetl here in the city for !
the past 37 years. For any of thesaj cases he :
will send treatment to any part of the coun- I
try. DR. V. POPPER, *18 Kearny St., B. F.
EASTERN vocalist, reputation, would have ex-
perienoecl pianist of ability join her high-class :
concerts thmush California, continuing East-
ern and northern States. Box 307, Call. Oakld. I
WORKS of art worth $100,000 on exhibition at
Palace of Art, 16 Post st. Ladies with escorts
admitted from S:3O p. m. to 11:30 p. m. I E.
HAU.UETTE.
MRS L.J. WHEELOCK has removed La Verite
Toilet Parlors to 1140 Market Bt., near Taylor. \
EXPERIENCED woman wishes care of child j
in day tlrne; charges moderate. 777 Market st.
PAINTING and paper-hanging; rooms papered,
. $2 60 up. JENS & BATH, 3uB Sixth st.
INCRUSTATION— New invention for china dec-
orators. See S. R. CHURCH, 307 Sans -me st.
A— MRS. L. J. WHEELOCK has removed La
Verite Toilet Parlors to 1140 Market St., near \
Taylor. .. ■ • . • !
ANNlE— Where did you get your tailor-made !
suit? At the EASTERN OUTFITTING CO.. j
12(6 h'tockton. I paid for same at $1 per week. I
ASSORTMENT of imported and domestic rem- |
nants for suits to order, $10 75; pants. $3 75;
nothing higher. One-Price Tailoring Co., 1644 |
Market st., under St. Nicholas Hotel. I
WANTED— Name and address of persons owing j
mortgages' to Pacific States Building and
Loan Association, who have paid In on stock ;
for 6or 7 years. Address G. B. HOLMBERG,
632 Market st.. 8. F., room 23, I
JOHN L BOONS. Patent Trademark
Attornry et Law, ana Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st.. Laws a Specialty
San Francisco. Cal. ! American and Foreign
Send for clr "i!ar. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel 44 Third it., near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to Jl .'0 per night; $150 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry. I
THE face beautified and hair dressed in the !
very latest style for only 25c; switches. 51 up;
gray hair restored. $1 50 to $5. G. LEDERER. ;
123 Stockton et !
"BALL-HEARING"" sewing machines: no fric- I
tlon. White Sewing Machine Co., 300 Poet st j
MME LOUJSB'B manicure parlor has removed
frcni O"Frfrrell to 132 Eddy Bt 1
FRINGES of alf ads at ETTLXGER'S, 723
Market tt. '
LEDERER'S Quintonlca Hair Tonic gives that !
eoft and gloF«y appearance to the hair; 35c a
bottle. O. LEDERER. 123 Stockton St.
MLLE. CLAIRE BERTRAND. manicure par-
lors. 23S Kearny st., first floor, room* 2-3.
JaMES A. SORENSON. watchmaker and Jew-
tier, removed to 103 Sixth Ft., near Mission.
■LACHMAN & CO., mfrs. of fine furs and seal
garments; also remodeling. 104 Keary st.
RUPTURE, piles cured ■/ exact nation free.
■ Drs. Mansfield I Porterfleld, ■" Market st.
lIIRSL'TINE Co.. hair CDeclallsts. prow hair
cr no Day: hook for stamp. 6 Eddy st. .
IF you wish frill value tor, your cast-off cloth-
ing, call On B. COHEN. 157 Thjird^s^
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no injec- i
il .n ; (.-uaranld. Dr. Gcrdin, Cl 4 Pine. ah. Krny. !
SUITS to order on easy installments. L. ,
LEMOg, 3117 Market ft., bet. 7th and Sth.
WANTED— OId gold for rhanufa'nir. O. Nolte,
Jeweler. 243 O'Farrell. bet. Powell ft Mason.
CHRAFF.BT and host in America Th» Weekly
Call 1(1 pages, sent to any address in the
United Ptntes. pi--«tpnld, for $1 per year.
"~'~ PHYSICIAN .S~A.\I> SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence. . .
1 021 V> Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE — < ITV— SALE.
AUCTION ' SALE OT REAL ESTATE
V
- COFFEY. HUGHES & HERBST.
At Salesroom,
1? MONTGOMERY STREET, ,
WEDNESDAY SEPTEMBER 27. iSm
At 12 O'Clook.
S^, 307, 209 Fourth St., near Folsom: 2 stores
and 8 floors above, containing 36 rooms; lot
4'txs7:C. ' " >".'i
Cottajre, 15S Eureka st.. near Eighteenth; 4
reoms. bath and ba«emf>nt; lot 2ix*3.
Lot south B'.de of Sherwood place (off Third ,
Ft.*.- near Mission), 2jD feet east of Third; size, j
20x'ja ' I
Flats 572 and S7J Clayton St., nr. Frederick: |
4 and 5 rocms awl bath; rent $3!: lot 25x106.3.
225 Perry St.; store and 4 tenements; lut 2£x
£.0: necr Fourth at. •■■'.~" *■' T.*-
Lot houth s»lrlo cf Thirteenth st., nr. Folsom,
47:8x100; suitable for tenements or manufac-
turing puryjses. • ■ '■■ '■■•■* -■"•■
Residence, ?Sl3 Uno St., neat Broderlck: 9
rooms and 'bath; 2."x1.:T:6.
Flat*. 512. and 512 Vi Clipper st.. 'i and 7 rooms
and both; lot 30x114; also lot 41x114 adjoining.
near Castro «t./ bet. Twenty-fifth and Twenty-
Lot, past Fi<lr of Central nve., 125 feet north
of Haye?; 2".xlW; just the place for cheap fiats.
DOS. 510, 510V4 Hermann Bt., bet. Web»ter and
Fillmore ets.. and 5 and. 7 Germania: 2-story
hhuse.B rooms ar.d bath and 4 flats; rent $72 50;
i it 37;Cx120. . ;
or* so Golden Gate aye., NW» corner of Lyon
f.t.: store nnd 2 rooms: lot 32:6x100.
lio n<H forget the date— Wednesday. Septem-
licr 27th. at 12 o'clock.
COFFEY. HTJGHKB & HERBST. Auctioneers,
lfl MONTGOMERY STREET. !
KEW HOMES "•••:■•; j
Five, C. 7, I and 10 room houses, finished
with all modern conveniences, frontline on
Waller, Pierce and Primrose sts., frornr ?3lW i
to $l"C0; terms to suit purchaser. F. NKL-
KON. Builder. I
IF you h«ve lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First aye.. and you wish to sell them,
en! l on _\V. .1 r hi n.n 410 Montgomery st.
$17W— BEST bargain In this city; new house; 9
rooms -and bath: brick foundation. BALD-
IN. 30 Montgomery St. ■ - ' • -
S7fiO AND "P «ill build 4-rootn bay-window cot-
v t:ig<*. house repairing any part- of city. BALS- :
BURY. builder; shop. 1934 Market ft. --•■"■'
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 103G Va- I
lencia fit. - ■ 1
j REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR- SALE.
j - ~, ~"" ~~ '
EASTON ELDRIDOE & CO.
- /
Banks pay, 3 1-S per cent interest, real estate
four times as much. . „
INVESTMENS.
$200— Cash, balance $1300. bank mortgage:
nice cottage of 6 rooms and bath; near
Market and Seventeenth sts.
$1,700— $7CO cash; four, flats; always rented;
rents $324 per annum.
i $l,9Co— Three flats of 4 and 2 rooms; always
rented: I 1 * blocks from new Postofflce;
lut 23x75."
500— Mortgage of $2000 can remain; 2 flats
of four rooms each and 2-story bouse;
large lot. 25x120; double frontage; near
Flllmore and Hermann sts.; both
" streets bltumintzed.
$2,000— Near new Postofflce; cottage of .
rooms; lot 25x75 feet; worth twice price
asked.
FI.A
• $S,ooo— Modern residence; extra well built; on
Page St., near Park panhandle: 11
rooms, bath and laundry; lot 30x137:6.
! $6,soo— Three nice fiats of 1, 6. 6 rooms and
bath; near Webster and Ellis sts.; al-
ways rented; choice neighborhood.
$2,5 CO —Two flats downtown; 3 and -" rooms;
pays i per cent per month; lot 23x60.
RESIDENCES AND COTTAGES.
$7,ooo— Elegant modern corner residence; 2
blocks north of Market Ft.; half lot
Improve improve:* onts cost $l<\CO'j;
mortgage of 54200 .fin remain; lot 55_
120; MUST BE SOLD.
$9,000— On Upward st.; ben block; fine resi-
dence of 10 rooms, bath and basement;
large lot.
$1375— HOMESEEKERS—
NO TAXES NO INTEREST, NO IN-
SURANCE.
$SCO cash, balance $20 per month; modern
hrm:e (!n course of construction). 5
rooms and bath and high basement;
dome ceilings; tile mantels; pcrcelaln
tubs; flee view; close to car lines.
.
1 $2,250- Fuiton St., near Lyon; 25x100.
$2,000-^Ha!ght .-: . near 1 irk panhandle: will
exchange for improved property, pay
difference cash. \ ', "-■
We hold our regular auction sales
every "' v weeks. For further par-
ticulars apply to
EASTON, ELDRIDOE & CO.,
638 Market st.
Hl' VI, ESTATE — COUNTRY — Fop Sale
23 ACRES: fruit ranch: Forestville; cheap.
1' acres; fruit and chicken ranch; Hay-
wards 5000
I 60S acres; stock ranch; it's a snap 3000
GERMAN-AMERICAN; 34 Kearny st.
i FOR sale— 6oo acres of dairying or grazing land
in southern part of Humboldt Co., Cal.: best
I of climate; plenty of wood and water; large
| outside pastures; never failing crops. MAR-
TIN H. JAGER. 110 Taylor St.. S. F.
HOMESTEADS, two claims adjoining, $200;
Sonoma Co.; valuable redwood tanbark tim-
! ber; mineral spring: good soil; abundance of
deer. 531 California Ft., room 1.
ROO.MS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BEFORE bunting housekeeping rooms get list
free. Pacific Room-renting Co.. 426 Kearny.
EDDY, — 8 unfur. or furnished rooms, newly
elegantly papered; private res.; fine location.
! FJDDY, 917— Nicely furnished hou»ekpg rooms;
i splendid location; private res.; no children.
EIGHTH, 348— 2 sunny double front parlors,
; with kitchen and bathroom, furnished for
! housekeeping; near Market st.
1 FIFTH. 3tS— Suite of rooms; furnished com-
! plete for housekeeping; rent cheap.
FOLSOM, 523— Parlor floor: 3 large rooms; well
| furnished for housekeeping; complete; single
I or en suite.
! FOLSOM, S3o— Furnished 'room with stove. $7;
others with use of kitchen, cheap; single, 75c.
FRANKLIN, 515— One large sunny front room,
1 unfurnished: also back room.
FULTON, 21S — 2 furnished flats. 2 and 3 rooms:
running water; coal and gas range.
I GOLDEN GATE AYE.. Corner flat: 4
rooms, elegantly furnished; also single rooms.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 10f,0— Three large sunny
well furnished rooms for light housekeeping;
private family; free telephone.
GOLDEN GATE AYE., 1404—2 sunny front
rooms; reasonable; private family; house-
keeplng. '^-vVv,
HOWARD, 525— Pleasant rooms, furnished com-
plete for housekeeping.
HOWARD, 761W;— Nice sunny furnished suite;
kitchen; man and vife; others; reasonable.
JESSIE, 254— Four large sunny rooms; rent $?.
JULIAN aye., 192, cot. Sixteenth St.— 2 nicely-
furnished, part housekeeping rooms; $10.
LARKIN, 326—2 or 3 sunny housekeeping apart-
ments; furnished complete; gas range; bath.
MCALLISTER, 11S1 — Furnished parlor, bed-
room, dining-room, kitchen; bath: no children.
MINNA. "14—2 furnished rooms, complete for
housekeeping. •
MISSION, 1129— L front room; can do light
housekeeping; also other housekeeping rooms.
MISSION, 1133— Bay-window suite of three con-
necting housekeeping rooms; $16.
I MISSION, 1729V4. near Thirteenth— 2 or 3 sunny
. furnished housekeeping rooms, bath, laundry;
i IS and $11.
NATOMA, 60—2 housekeeping rooms: yard; sun
; all day; no dogs; no children; *?• 75. •
! NOE, l.'S— 'i pleasant front rooms In corner flat;
coal range; bath; yard; $10.
i OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Geary— Sunny bay-win-
dow; mantel, kitchen, gas stove; $13.
PINE 1300 — 2 sunny connecting corner rooms;
gas range; folding bed; rent reasonable.
STOCKTON. 611, near Pine— Three splendid
furnished rooms; 2 unfurnished: large garden.
STOCKTON, 1307— Nicely furnished rooms for
■ housekeeping; rent cheap.
! TURK, £3414— i sunny rooms, nice furniture;
complete for housekeeping; gap, bath.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3726, near Dolores— ]
sunny bay-window flats; complete for house-
keeping^
VAN NESS, 1021— Finely furnished sunny
suites for housekeeping; also single rooms.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lcncja i^t
KTI6"MS TO LET Fnrn. and I nfnrn.
\— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S Sixth — Rooms,
" 25c to $1 per night; $125 to ?5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all nighty
' A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
i subscriptions has been established at 1066 Va-
lencia st.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator:
bath; rooms 50« to I! 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
VT t2 Second st., double rooms for week, $1 50
to $3: single, $1 to $1 60; day. 25c to 50c.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished. j
i CARROLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate j
aye. — Sunny corner; well ram. rms. ft offices.
: CLARENCE. 658 Geary— Nicely furnished sun-
'■ ny rooms; clean; respectable; reasonable.
: EDDY. 123 (United State* Hotel)— Clean, neat
I rooms; $1 E0 week up; elevator day and night.
EDDY. 330— Newly furnished sunny rooms In
■■ it private house; modern conveniences.
ELLIS, 321 (Ropedale House)— Nice rooms. 25c
a night, $1 a week up; ■ ling room.
I ELLIS. DlB— Flno suite and other large rooms,
elegantly furnished. •
I ELLIS 639, cor. Larkln— Sunny bay-window;
j mantel; folding bed for two. I
EXCELSIOR House. S9 Turk. cor. Taylor— New j
mangt.; funny front bay-wind, rms. ; trans' nt.
FIRST floor, 4 rooms, furnished; rent cheap.
3017 Sacramento st.
FRANKLIN, 227— Newly furnished room; gas;
i bath; private family; gentlemen; $7. - ■
GEARY, (OS (The Navarre)— Comfortable furn.
rooms; trawler* accommodated. MRS. HYER.
OEARY, s.'<s— Elegantly furnished parlor suite;
other rms.; piano; phone ;buth; reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN— Southeast cor. Seventh
and Mission BtS.— Sunny rooms, en eulte or
. single; ladles' parlor; reading room; elevator;
1 HA.NCOCK House, 781 Mission— family,
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HARRISON, 784%— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; bath; all conveniences; homelike; $1
week up. . • ■
HOWARD, 713—200 sunny rooms; nicely fur-
nished; ever}' convenience; electric lights.
HOWARD, '■'■■ Furnished rooms from $1 per
week tip; also housekeeping and transient.
n'oWAUD. 1130%— Newly furnished rooms; pri-
vate family; gentlemen preferred.
HOWARD, 1141— Nice sunny suites; running
water; reasonable; permanent patrons desired.
Ut!OHEB HOUSK, 214 Third— Newly renovated;
25c to r,... per night; $150 to $3 per week. >
MAIN.- 311— Nicely furnished sunny rooms for
gentlemen, from }4 tip per month.
MARKET, IS2O (Lbh Palmas)— Suite of 2 or 3
mis. ; private; bath; sin. rum : board optional.
McALLISTER,' 604— Nicely furnished sunny
I bay-window front room; board optional :
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1899.
ROOMS TO LET Para, and I nfnrn.
MCALLISTER. 702V»— Sunny furnished or un-
furnished rooms to rent, en suite or single;
private family. " '
f MINNA, 6*57, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week transient.
"NEWPORT." 21 Franklin, nr. Market—
bay- win. rms. and single, $5 up; also hskpg.
NINTH, 20, near Market— bay-window
suite; housekeeping or not; gas; water; $11.
OAK. Sunny bay-window suit and sin-
gle room; furniture and carpets new; gas and
bath.,
O'FARRELL. Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo.
POST, Pleasant sunny furnished rooms by
the day, week or month.
| POWELL, 317 (formerly Cosmos Club)— Ele-
: gantly furnished sunny rooms; reasonable.'
! ROYAL House, 126 Ellis St.— lncandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and ladies'
parlor; room!, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $S; month, $3 *to $30; elevator on office
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SEVENTH, 262— Nicely furnished rooms: sunny
all day; nice lawn; modern conveniences.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
STOP hunting furnished rooms; get list free.
Pacific Room Renting Co., 426 Kearny st.
TAYLOR Terrace, 2, bet. Union and Filbert—
rooms and 2 rooms; suitable for housekeeping.
THE Heath, 312 Eddy St.— First-class rooms
and board: hot and cold water; telephone;
modern; all conveniences.
THE Oaks, 119 Third— good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
THIRD. 129— Sunny furnished rooms from $1
per week up.
| THIRD. Housekeeping rooms, $2 per week;
also single rooms for men. ,
TURK. S36— Handsomely furnished modern al-
Cove room, overlooking Jefferson Square; sun
all day.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
ROOMS "WANTED.
WANTED— Before October 1, nicely furnished
sunny parlor floor of 3 or 4 rooms In private
family: east of Octavia; reasonable; respon-
sible party. Address E. E. S.. 539 McAllister.
ALL prices furnished and unfur. housekeeping
r " ins wanted: $13 to $40: all parts city.
I Pacific Room Renting Co., 426 Keamy st.
A— FURNISHED and unfur. rooms wanted, all
parts city. Pacific Rm Rent Co., 426 Kearny.
' YOUNY lady desires single furnished room;
! private family; state rent. Box 1 81, Call.
WANTED— Cheap, central room for elderly
. woman. Bookstore. 1203 Market St.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 20;" Fourth Ft.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
AT 335 McAllister st. Dr. Rlnes; others;
Wednesday, 8 p. m.; free: collection; all tests.
NICE private home in confinement; most rea-
sonable price In city. Mrs. M. Pfeiffer, mid-
wife, 2012 Folsom, nr. 16th; phone White 1344.
MRS. DR. HOPKINS, $95 Market St., office 2—
New discovery for rheumatism; also medi-
cated baths for alcoholism and rheumatism.
I BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
! city or country. pacific COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery' St., rooms 9-10; tel. ."-20.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
j GALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop.,
I 722 Mission: goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 23.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
; Office, WI Post, cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
SWAPS-RIG AND LITTLK.
WILL trade first-class sandwich wagon for
furniture; cost $700. Box 2321, Call.
I HAVE a good bicycle: will swap for furnl-
ture or carpets. Box 1278. '"'all.
to LEASE.
UKIAH— I2 rooms and 2 stores; cheap. Call at
514 Montgomery St.
—
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA" HOUSES. : c . : :
TO let — New house, 7 rooms and bath; rent
$16 50. 2103 Clement aye.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladies in delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
,
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR exchange in beautiful Berkeley. 2 whole
blocks of perfectly level land, about 2400 front
feet; street work all done and only 1 block
from railroad station; no mortgage; value
$25,000; will exchange for business property
In San Francisco.
Apply JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate,
Adjoining P. P.. Berkeley.
NEAR the University; 2 houses, well rented;
lot 150x135; street work done; cash value $6000;
mortgage $3800; will take ranch for equity.
Apply JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate,
Adjoining P. P., Berkeley.
A VERY handsome residence, near the Uni-
versity; now rented for $50 monthly; will ex-
change equity (about $4000) for residence
property in San Francisco.
Apply JOS. .1. MASON, Real Estate,
" Adjoining P. P.. Berkeley.
FOR SALE— Fine residence site; corner Vine
and Spruce, bet. Vine and Cedar, North
Berkeley; outlook on bay; very desirable for
home; garden, orchard; any amount. Terms,
owner. HEMENWAY. I.'IS Spruce.
Bl UKI I IV HOI SES TO LET.
FOR rent, in desirable location, house of nine
rooms, bath, laundry and storeroom, with
stable, chicken-house and large yard; con-
venient to trains and university grounds. Ap-
ply to J. R. LITTLE, Berkeley station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— QOS BROADWAY.
OAKLA>D HEAL KSTATE.
EI^EGANT 10-room house, cost $14,000, will
take $4000 country property, $1000 cash, leav- :
Ing mortgage of $5000 at 8 per cent; lot 50x140
fe»t; up-to-date location; low cash offer con- !
eldered. E. E. BUNCE, 908 Broadway, Oak-
land.
SACRIFICED — 4 elegant new houses in eourne
of construction on 33d St., bet. Grove and
West; all modern Improvements- street work,
sidewalks done; small payment down; balanca
monthly if desired. J. H. SIMPSON, 615 Mth.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The "Weekly Call,
16 pag»s. In wrapper, for milling. $1 per yea*
OAKLAND HOITBKB TO LET.
HANDSOME residence, 9 rooms, bath: barn;."S9 |
24th. Inquire R. Frank", K22 Grove; rent low. j
OAKLWO FIHMTIKi; FOR SALE, i
AN IntrodUCtii n \r, you from H. Sehellhaas. the
rurni'ur» .j.uiT l!th and Franklin. Qiikland.
LEGAL AIM KItTISI.IIKVrS.
NOTICE to creditors— Betate of HENRY QIB- i
BON deceased. Notice Is hereby given by the j
undersigned. JOHN A. DRINKHOuSS, ad- !
mlnistrnt.-r of the estate vt HENRY GIB- i
BON, docfased, to the creditors of. arid all |
persons bavins cloims against the said <le- i
t-easeil. to exhibit them with the necessary !
vouchers, within fouri4) months after the first '<
publication .>r this notice, to the said JOHN
A. DRINKHOUSE, admlnistmtor as afore- i
shld, at hit offloea, No. 4^2 Montßom.-ry \
street. In the city and county of San Fran- j
clfco, State of California, the s;ime bfiug liis i
place frr the transaction of the business of |
the said estate In tlie said city and county I
of San Francisco. State of California.
JOHN A. DRIXKHOL'SE. administrator of
the estate of HENRY OIBPON. deceased.
Dated ;it Ran Francisco. Augrust 30, 1599.
A. RI'EF. attornoy for administrator, 40! j
M.'titgrmery ftreet.
niviniovD xotices.
riVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No 97 (50c per
chare) of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COM-
PANY will be payable at the office of th« '
company, 327 Market nt., un and after Mon- ]
day October 2. 1SS"? Transfer books will close i
on Tuesday, September 2fi. 1R99, at 3 o'clock :
P. m. E. H. PHELDOy. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
uT~S. ENGINKi:R <fflce, liaughlln building
Los Angeles, Cal.. August 29, 1899— Sealed i
proi<osals for continuing construction of Jetty |
nt Pan I Hego Hnibur, Cal., will be received
Here until 11 a. m.. September 20, 1899. and i
then publicly opened. Information furnished
on application. JAMES J. MEYLER, Cap-
tain Engineers.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Achille Weis and Jeanne LeGra5.... .......40-22
James A. McKay and -Anna Day... 34-36
William H. Lawson and Agnes M. Kesslng. 2s-24
Carmel B. Secord and Laura R. Wagner. ...30-30
John W. Healey and Nellie McMahon .40-29
i John P. Dempsey ana Mary G. Murphy... '..26-23
I George W. Parker and Mamie E. McGuire..
I George F. Moore and Lillie F. Fleming.... l 9-19
I William E. Mill? and Gertrude Hutchings..??-31
I Noel Larrecon and Catherine M. Schilter.. 3o-38
|F W. La Jeuneese and Susie A. Waters. ..23-1S
; Thomas Walsh and Nellie Murphy 28-22
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
. Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN. ; -•
KLENCK— In this city, September 21. 1599. to
the wife of Fred J. Klenck, a daughter.
MCALLISTER— In this city. September 5, 1899,
I to the wife of William McAllister, a daugh-
i ter.
1 WOODALL— this city, September 25,. 1899, to
j the wife of C. J. Wocdall. a daughter.
RBMFRY— In this city, September 8, : 1599, to
the wife of A. S. Remfry (nee Johnston), a
son. ■ . : ■ ■'•■'-. ■"'■•«'"
____________
"married.
GROTH— BIRKHOLM— this city. September
23 1»99 hy the Rev. O. Groensberg, Soren B.
I Groth and Frederlkke 8. Birkholm. :
LA JEUNESS?:— WATERS— In this city,' Sep-
tember 20. lS99.by the Rev. John A. B. Wil-
son, D.D., Francis. W-llford La Jeunesse and
Susie Ada Waters, both of San ' Francisco.
McKAY— DAY— In this city, September 26, 1599,
by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson, D.D., James
Alfred McKay of Redding; Shasta County.
and Anna- Day of Placervllle, El Dorado
County. . ' ■ .
MADSI2N— GULLANE— In this city, September
19, 1899, by the Rev. O. Groensberg, Mads E.
Madsen and Anna M. Gullane. . .
COUSENS— In Victoria, B. C. Au-
gust 10, 1899, by the Rev. W. Leslie Clay, J.
Edgar Maple of New York and Emily Mayo
Cousens of San Francisco.
PARKER— McGUIRE— In this city, September
26; l.S:<9, by F. H. Kerrigan, ■ Justice of the
Peace, George W. Parker -of Omvllle, Cal.,
and Mamie E. McGulre of San Francisco.
PINNF.I.LA- In this city, September 20,-
-1899, by the Rev. W. M. Bours, at St. Peter's
Episcopal Church, Fabbrtzlo Pinnella and
Elaine B. M. Slmi, both of San Francisco.
SARIAN— CLARK— In this city, September 16,
1599, by the Rev. Dr. Wilson, Louis Sarian
and Fannie Clark, both of San Francisco.
TURNER— BREWER— In East Oakland, Sep-
tember 26. 1899, by the Rev. E. S. Chapman,
D.D., George C. Turner of San Francisco and
Annie Brewer of Kingston, Canada.
V< in;?- LUSE— In this city, September 26.
1899. by the Rev. W. S. Urmy, D.D., Robert
F. Voigt of San Francisco and Lucy A. Lusa
of lone. Cal. • •
WHITE— McELLIGOTT— In this city. Septem-
ber 23, 1899, by the Rev. Father Collins of St.
Joseph's Church, Charles H. White and Molly
McEllleott, both of San Francisco.
WINTERROWD— GRIFFIN— In this city, Sep-
tember 24, 1599. by the Rev. W. 6. Urmy,
D.D.. George W. , Winterrowd and Mary B.
Griffin, both of San Francisco. ,-V; ?"
ZJMMER— In this city, September 24,
1899, by the Rev. Father Cummlngs of St.
Patrick's Church, Arthur G. ZJmmer and
Margaret K. Smith, both of San Francisco.
DIED.
Bender, May Loftis, Irene
Coleman, Sarah A. McCormlck, Michael
Cuoco, Giovanni Siangan, Mary E. R.
E«eberg, Henry Newman, Frederick
Gaubert, Marie Peralta, Elena L.
Harris. Marcus Reynolds, Charles F.
Henke, William Thurston. Annie
Hoffman. Edward S. Upton, John
Hogan, Mrs. ,M. C. Vehr. Catherine
Johansson. Anna M. • Wachter, Wllhelm F.
Kearns, Timothy Wright, Capt. T. A.
Kelly, Martin
BENDER— In this city, September 25. 1899,
May, beloved wife of J. V. Bender, a native
of New Jersey.
(_ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invitfd to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late
residence, 355 Eleventh street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery. . . . ,
COLEMAN— In this city, September 28, 1559,
at the resilience at Edward Coleman, Sarah
Ann, sister of John C. and Edward Coleman.
CUOCO— In this city, September 24, 1899, Gio-
vanni Cuoco, a native of Italy, aged 60 years.
l> riends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the undertak-
ing parlors of G. laccheri, 629 Broadway,
thence to the hall. SOS Montgomery street,
where services will be held under the aus-
pices of the Italian M. B. Society. Interment
New Italian Cemetery, San Mateo County.
EGEBERG -In this city. September 26. 1899,
Henry, dearly beloved husband of Anna Mar-
garethe Egeberg, father of Henry P.. Lena
C, Edward L. and Anna Sophie Egeberg, and
brother of Lawrence" Egeberg of Sacramento,
a ' native of SchleFwlg-Holctein, Germany,
aged 55 years 1 month and 23 days.
GAUBERT— In this city, September 25, 1899.
Maria Gaubert, beloved wife of Joseph Gau-
bert, mother of Mrs. B. Pyat, and grand-
mother of Mrs. H. G. Sylva and Mrs. M. Ro-
sendorn, a native of France, ared 70 years.
(San Jose papers please copy.)
lO'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her granddaughter, 1130 Broadway,
thence to the French Church of Notre Dame
dcs Victoires, where a high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10:30 o'clock.
HARRIS— In this city, September 21. 1899, Mar-
cus Harris, beloved father of Mrs. R. Lleh-
; tenstein of Portland, Or., Mrs. Paulina Krei-
| dell of Ellensburg, Wash., Mrs. Guj Brown
of Seattle. Wash., Mrs. L. Burnheimer of.
Spokane, Wash., Miss Sadie Harris of Spo-
kane, Wash., and Sam. Ike, Heyman. Mich-
ael. Morris and Louis Harris, and brother of
William Harris of Seattle, Wash., a native
of Poland, aged 60 years. (Seattle and Spo-
kane. Wash., papers please copy.)
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the under-
taking 1 parlors of Then. Dlerks, 957 Mission
street, and thence to New Salem Cemetery
for interment by ; train leaving Third and
Townsend streets at 3:30 o'clock.
HENKE— In the. City and County Hospital.
September 26, 1899, William Henke, a native
of Germany, aged 2S years.
HOFFMAN— In this city. September 26, 1899,
Edward 8., beloved son of Mrs. Charlotte 'A.
Hoffman, and brother of Albert J. Hoffman
and Mrs. Annie E.iCanham, a native of New
York City, aged 88 years.
£?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday,) at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
i street, where services will be held. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
! HOFFMAN— In this city, September 25, ISS9,
Edward S., dearly beloved husband of Jo-
sephine Hoffman, a native of New York, aged
3S years 3 months and 5 days.
HOGAN— A solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated- this day (Wednesday), at 9:30
o'clock, at St. Charles Borromeo's Church,
• corner Eighteenth and Shotwell streets, for
the repose of the soul of the late Mrs. Martin
C. Horan. Friends and acquaintances are
respectfully invited to attend.
JOHANSSON— In this city, September 24. 1899,
Anna Maria Johansson, beloved daughter of
Johan Fetter and Anna Bengtsson. a native
| of Hoganas, Sweden, aged IS years 2 months
j and 23 days. (Swedish papers please copy.)
|£7"Frie.nd.s and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of H. P. Maasa. 917 Mission street,
near Fifth. , -
KELLY— In this city, September 23, 1899. Mar-
tin Kelly, beloved father of Matthew Kelly.
Mrs. Thomas McSwegan and Mrs. Fred
■ Melncke, a native of County Roscommon, Ire-
| land, aged 75 years. (Boston, Mass., papers
please copy.)
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
I fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:15 o'clock, from his . late
residence, Mission road, opposite Seven-mile
House, thence to St. Ann's Church. , Colma,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KEARNS— In Oakland, September 26, 1899,
Timothy Kearns.. beloved husband of Brld-
Ket Koarns, and brother of Mrs. Richard BUt-
ler, a native of County Clare, Ireland, aged
* 72 years and 9 months.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:80 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 961 Third street, thence to the Church
of the Immaculate Conception, where a sol-
i emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
j repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
LOFTIS— In this city. September 26, 1599, of.
scarlet fever. Ir>n<\ beloved' daughter of Jo-
seph L. and Mary Loftis. a native of San
Francisco, aged 4 years. '.' . >.
(CTFuneral to-day (Wednesday,) at ' 2
o'clock, from the residence of her parents,
223 Twenty-ninth street. Interment private.
Calvary Cemetery.
McCORMICK— this city, September 26, 1899.
Michael, beloved husband of Eliza McCor-
mlck, and father of John J. . William F. and
Nellie McCormlck, a native of County Tyrone,
Ireland, agfd 66 years. .
HLNRYJ. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERB,
20 Fifth Ft . opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South B<K .'
' N. F. Dethlefsen. ■:■'•' Chas. H. Jacob.
CHAS il JACOB & ■&-£„■ H w
Snook. Funeral Directors and Embalm-'
ers, 318 MaAon street, bet. Geary and
O'Farrell streets. . Telephone Main 6213.
I. AIcAUOY «fc CO., O
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS.
1235 Market St.. between Sth and 9th. .
-Telephone South 247.. ' ■ '• -
MANGAN— In this city, at Ocean View, Sep-
tember 25, 1599. Mary E. R., beloved daughter
of Stephen and Bridget Mangan, and sister
of Joseph, Christopher, Frances, Annie. Ar-
thur, Clarence and Eugenia Mangan, a native
of San Francisco, aped 21 years 10 months
and 1 day. A member of Class 'W. Girls
Ilish School.
IE? The funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday!, at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents, 279 Sadowa street.
Ocean View, thence to St. Michael's Church.
! where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul at 10 o'clock, in-
terment private, in Holy Cross Cemetery.
NEWMAN— In this city, September 25. 189?.
Frederlok W., beloved husband of Lorraine F.
Newman, and father of Rl^onore L. Newman,
a native of Warsaw. Poland, aged 70 years
11 months and 10 .lays.
PERALTA— In Santa Clara, September 26. 1899,
Elena Ludovina, beloved daughter of the late
Gabriel Peralta ami Edelfrida Peralta Ar-
EtteUo, a native of San Leandro, aged 33 years
and 2 days.
CCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock from St. Claire's
Church. Santa Clara, where a solemn re-
quiem high maps will be celebrated for the re-
; se "f her soul.
i REYNOLDS— In this city, September 1". 1839.
Charles F. Reynolds, beloved s..n of Charles
and Catherine Reynolds, and brother of J^>hn
M. Reynolds and Mrs. Mary Hoar, a native
of California, aged 32 year* and 11 months.
ty lnterred private In Odd Fellows' Ceme-
i tory.
! THI'RSTON— In the City and County Hospital,
September 26, 1899, Annie Thurston, a na-
I tlve of Germany, aged 48 years.
j DPTON— In this city. September 26. IS9!>, Jr>hn
tTpton, beloved son of the late John P. and
Mary A. L'mnn, and brother of Edward P..
V«rnon, Thomas B. and Eliza Upton. Mrs.
D. M. Bokee and Mrs. P. P. Hoin, a native
of Salem. Mass., aged 60 years 9 months and
1". days. A member of Lincoln Post No. 1, <l.
A. R.
(CyNotlce of funeral hereafter.
! VEHR— In this city, Catherine, beloved wife
ot the late Wllhelm Vehr (nee Daly), mother
of Gus Vehr, and daughter of the late John
Daly, a native of County Cork, Ireland, aged
I S5 years.
(TJ^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 12 o'clock, from the parlors
i of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O.
O. F." Cemetery.
I WAi'HTER- In this city, September 24, 1899.
I Wllhelm Friedrlch. dearly beloved husband of
Elizabeth Wachter. father of Charles and
Anna Wachter. and son-in-law of Phillip
Bill, a native of Oldenburg. Germany, aged
50 years 10 months and 24 days. A member
of Verein F.intracht, San Francisco Lodge
No 1, O. d. H. S., and San Francisco Lodge
No. 246, V. O. R. M.
(JJTFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), from E.ntracht Hall. Twelfth
Btreet. near Folsom, where services will be
held under the auspices of the Verein Ein-
tracht, commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment
| Laurel Hill Cemetery. Remains at the par-
lors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street,
near Seventh.
WRIGHT— In Berkeley, September 24, 1899.
Captain Thomas Armet, beloved husband of
Olivia C. WrlKht, and father of James R..
Thpmas A. Jr., William Rossell, Helen, Isa-
bella, Louise and Olivia Spain Wright, a na-
tive of Philadelphia. a«ed SI years and 4
months. (Philadelphia and Seattle papers
please copy.)
[CTFuneral from Pt. Mark's Church. Berke-
ley. this day (Wednesday.) at 2 o'clock.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Matilda Eisner (wife of D.), Hannah, Moses,
Abraham, Joseph, Blanche and Rose Abra
hams and Annie Graf to L>anlel and Catherine
T. O'Toole, same; $10.
Rachael Hirzberg iwife of J. A.) and Bertha
Cooper (wife of Charles O.) to Moses Abra
hamp, lot on N line of McAllister street, 67:6
Eof Laguna, E 37 : Cby N 100; $10.
Hiram T. and Leroy T. Hutchinaon, Man' H.
Sibley, Mary K. Miller, John H. Tracy. Char
lotte E. Morgan, Ellen N. Cook and Adelaide
Phelps to Rose Donovan (wife of Cornelius),
lot on S line of Filbert street, 110 E of Pierce,
E 27; 6 by S 120; $925.
Kate G. and E. G. Folger to Louis Fried
lander, lot -on E line of Deviaadero street,
27:8)4 S ot Washington. S 25 by E 110; $10.
Daniel and Anna McPhee to Bank of Cali
fornia, lot on N line of Fell street, 66:3 E of
Clayton, E 25 by N 100: $;.00.
Robert Faessler (by John H. Grady, attor
ney) to Llna Benz (Ptoffel), lot on NE corner
of Clay and Spruce streets. E 137:6 by N 127 :
also lot on SW corner of Day and Diamond
streets, W 50 ; 10 by N 114; also lot on N line of
Day street. 00:10 W of Douglass, W 50:11 by N
114; also lot on N line of Marshall street, I^o
V\" of Craut, W 50 by N 110, lot 13, block 3,
College Homestead; also lot on N line of Mar
shall street, 200 E of Congdon, E 100 by N U.O,
block 12, Fame; also lot on S line of Marshall
street, 2S1:11 E of county road, E SO, S 189:2,
V 30:1, thence 156:6. lot 11, block 14, same;
also lot on I line of Marshall street, 350 E of
Congdon, S 110 by E 50, lot S, block A3, same;
$10.
Annie B. anil "Walter Jennings et al. to Cali
fornia Title Insurance and Trust Company,
lot on SE corner of Thirteenth and Folsom
streets, E to Treat avenue, S to Fourteenth,
W to Folsom, N to beginning; $10.
F.Fthor J. Jennings to same, same, quitclaim
deed; $10.
Jarob, Mary. Samuel, Clara, John and
Simon Frlerllander and Theresa and Morris
■WelssbprKer to Jeanette May, undivided five
eighths of lot on P line of Eighteenth street, oZ
! E of Castvo, E 2" by S 100; $M 2.
Beverlay U H.dehead (guardian of Michael,
Charles and Maurice Friedlander. minors) to
same, undivided three-eighths of same; $4S".
Rnsa Celle to Stefano Ventre, lot on S line
r.f card alley, 65 Wof Stockton street. W 18
by s Cl; $10.
Amelia E. and Allen D. Wilson and Olive E.
Lathr.p (Stevens) to John Hadley, lot on SW
line of Grant alley, 57:6 SE of Folsom street,
HR GO by SW IS; $10.
Charles Shrakkart to Lena L. C. Phrakkart,
lot on NW line of Bryant street. IS3 SW of
Fifth. SW 24 by NW S7:'s: gift.
Estate of Selim Franklin (by William A.
' Hiester, administrator) to J. E. Sharp, lot on
S corner of Berry street and W line of Fifth,
KW ?1:S by SE 275; $l. r .O.
Estate of Lumley Franklin (by same) to
same, same; $180.
Annie and James T. Ambrose to Emella
T'rsin lot on NW line of Natoma street, 125
P\V r.f Eighth, SW 25 by NW 75; $10.
John 8., Annie c. and Thomas J. Greenlaw
j to Mnttle H. Greenlaw, lot on E line of Texas
1 Ftreet. mo N of Eighteenth (Solano), N 25 by
I B 100; $10.
James A. and Olive L. Taggard and Ellen
M Scotrhler to E. W. Tawgard, Potrero Nue\-o
block 2SO, bounded by Solano. Texas. Maripnsa
and Mississippi streets; also Potrero Nuevo
block 269 lin\in.led by Solano, Missouri, Mari
posa an! Texas streets: also Fotrero Nuevo
i block 279. bounded by Marip"sa, Texas. Santa
i Clara and Mississippi streets, quitclaim deed;
Alameda County.
George B M. and Alice M. Gray to M. V>.
Falrchlld, lot on E line of Grove street, 80 N
of Caledonia avenue, N 38. 23 by E 100, being
! portions of lots 40 and 41, Caledonia Homestead.
Myron T. and Marion B. Holcomb to Mary
E Moore, lot on NE line of Monte Vista ave
nue 620 21 NW from North Oakland avenue,
NW BO NE 127 25, SE 60. f>W 128 to beginning,
t.elne 'lot 11, block A, Linda Vista Terrace.
Mat) 2 Oakland: Jl".
A C. and Anna M. Henry to Mary Pedrini,
lot 103, Drexler Tract. Oakland; $ip.
Henry Gould to 11. Gould Company (a corpo
ration) lot on NW corner of Washington and
Fourth streets. N 50, W 7.". S 50, E to begin-
I nlng, being lots 21 and 22. block 44, Oakland;
Henry Z. and Sarah M. Jones to Thomas Me-
Intyre, lot on N line of Oakland avenue or
Seventh street, 100 W of Cedar street. W 25 by
i jj 100 :4H being lot 9, block 43. map of lands
of Oaklarid Point Railroad ferry landing, Oak
land; $10.
George R. Williams to J. F. L. Brandon, lot
! on NE line of East Seventeenth street, 115 NW
of Ninth avenue., NW 35 by NE 125, block 96,
Clinton, East Oakland; $10.
James Wilding to Ellen J. Wilding, lot 3 on
map of subdivided Piedmont Heights. Oakland
Township; also personal property; gift.
I Charles and Ida V. Armstrong to Dv Ray
' Pmlth lots 11 and 12, block 2110, Alden Tract,
at Temescal, subject to deed of trust, Oakland;
$10
H. K. Gage to C. T. McOlaehen, lot 24, block
P, Oolden Gate Tract, warranty deed, Oak
i Some to George E. Davis, lots 19 to 2S, block
B same, warranty deed, Oakland; $1.
Alfred W. Hare to W. A. and Isabella Hun
ter lot on W line of Peralta street. 34:fi S of
Lincoln S 30 by W 100. Mock 712, Oakland: $10.
Michael S and Elizabeth Lehan to Michael
Carroll lot on S line of Fifth street, 1"4:9 W
of Clay. W 26:1 by S 100, block 45. Oakland; $10.
i Alice C. O'Leary (wife of John) and Lazaro
Higuera to Joseph and Juana H. Nevis, be
ginning at a pnlnt In line dividing sections 8
and 8, In township 3 8, range 2 E. 150 S from
point of interesction on said dividing line with
NE boundary line of block 15, thence SE 94.44,
'■ SW S sfl W from NE corner of block 14. thence
SW 39 40 SW 120.47 to line dividing sections 8
; nnd 3, in township S S. range 2 E. thence N to
| beginning, being portion of SW quarter section
9 township 3 S, range 2 E. on Map of Northern
i Addition to Town of Livermore, quitclaim deed,
, Murray Township: $10.
Francisco Medaro to Jose M. Fernandes. *4
! of an ncre beginning at a point on line divid
ing plats 44 and 45 of BemaJ portion of Rancho
Fl Valle de San Jose at SW corner of 6-acre I
; tract of Manuel Amarc by deed of September
I 20 ISRS, thence W .97 chains, NW 10.28 chains.
I NE .07 chains, NE .83 chains to NW corner of
i lands of Costa, thence SE 1A.65 chains to Spin
ning b^lng portion of Bernal portion of Rancho
i El Valle de San Jose. Murray Township: $340.
Charles and Ida V. Armstrong to Edwin P.
I Welle lot on S line of Forty-fourth street. 290
W of Market. W 50 by S 100. being lot 11. block
2097 Alden Tract at Temeseal, Oakland; $10.
Winaford P. Ferris and, Amelia Gavica to
j Hezeklah D. Hougham. parcel of land bounded
! N by N line of Hougham Tract, E by W line of
1 Hannah or Hubbard street, H by N line of
Twenty-eighth, W by E line of Center or
Beach, portion of Hougham Tract, Oakland,
qultolalm deed; 11.
Tom Coward to John J. T. Plunkett. lot on
'■ N line of Coltisa avenue. 150 w of Humboldt
I avenue N 100 by W 50, being lot 14, block X,
' Roberts and Wolfskin Tract. Oakland; $1.
Annie S. Chrlstensen (by Tax Collector) to
i J B. Lanktree, all Interest In lots 1 to 9,
: block 71, of Stratton's Survey of Alameda,
Alameda; $47. ________
Builders' Contract*.
I Christian P. Bennesen. owner, with "William
iW. Rednall, contractor and architect. All work
for a Ht-story eight-room frame cottage on the
E side of Utah street, 207 S of Marlposa, 6 30
by E 100; $2303.
Richard Pahl, owner, with O. A. Craemer,
contractor; architect, C. A. Meussdorffer. All
work for alterations and additions' to a two
story frame building on the W side of Hyde
street. 111:6 N of Post. N 26 by W St>:9: $4WS.
Mrs. Emilie Ursin, owner, with W. R. Kenny,
contractor; plans by owner. All work for a
three-story and basement frame building (thret
nata) on the NW side of Natoma street, 125 W
of Eighth, NW 75 by SW 25; $3385.
■ ♦ ■
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J P Wilson, Portland H J Betz, Pa
E W Canady, Gridley W L Lindsay. Pa
8 Vroman, Manila J V Blackwell. Manila
J F Males, Manila H Hansen. Manila
H Herman. Ohio ' E G Hotchkiss. Manila
Mrs McKelvey, Los A H H Judson, Manila
E. J. Parper. Idaho R W Lewis, Manila
L Sparks, Manila J Eddington, Manila
A P Wilson, Manila P J Scully, Mass
J M Mount, San Jose |j De Lorrne, Mass
J E Main, Fresno J P Goodman. Term
M L Hall, Fresno E Rlchford. Mass
D N Boyle, Los Ang J G Williams. N V
M Dugan. Ohio W H Kolchbeck, N V
W B Hendry, Ohio H Oswald. N V
J M Beeker, Texas R A Dobbs, N V
W W Waters, Pa J E Broughton, Minn
C E. Gunston, Pa H F Nash. Ohio
B Smith, Pa A J Thurman. Manila
H F Llem, Ohio II De Oroot, Idaho
L Bauer, Ohio . J G Hunt. Denver
L J Harlan, Ohio ' G Kimbrel. Illinois
L Carey. Idaho AH Reese, Chicago
J Hamerly, Monterey C H Oghorn, NY
J Keating, Los , Ang J Fredericks, Balto
S Burke, Stockton ■ W Holborn, San Jose
\V J Brown. San Jose Gil Mille, San Jose
J J Varmonski, Stktop T Mclver, Manila
C C Cheney, Chicago E R Ludwig Idaho
W R Cameron, Chicago J Dlttner. Idaho
J Devlin. Pa J Martina, Fresno
J Buchanan, Pa ;■ .-■. ■':"■
GRAND HOTEL.
J A Henderson, Wntrs J McCarty, Stockton
R A Hamilton, Stnfrd G W Hendry. Stockton
W J Hughes, Oakdale W P Thomas, Uklah
B Macdonald, P Alto C A Bovett. Mass '
Miss G Foster, Salinas J J Hubbron, Salinas
H , Howard, Stockton Mrs Robertson, Chicgo
A Mlchelson, Sacto Miss Blanchard, Chcgo
A Medder & w, Honnl H Wilson, Vlsalla
W C Gerdenhere. Btte C Johnston, S Jose
A E Eeadorf. Butte Mrs R C Johnsto.n. S J
J M Singer, Chicago . Miss G Johnston, S J
J Williams, Stanford W R Harris, Davenprt
Dr Stratton, Chinese C A Hall, Plumas
F W Foster, Mont A A Hall. Plumas
C H Gordon. U S V M Mayer, N V
W R Bacon, Cat W Fining, Martinez
E H Qulmby, Kans Cy J' Herrigan, Jackson
J F Brown, Elmlra D A Shaw, Los Ang
H G Brown, Elmira Mrs Monroe, Fresno
W R Hardy & w. S Js;W H Watktne, Kngmn
C E Beckwith. Mont J F Watkins. Kngman
J H Moore, San Jose C Cabon, San Jose
F J Stevens. Benlcla J .1 Pommers, Salinas
M M O' Gorman, L An G A Smith. Courtland
C W Howard. U S V G W Hutton, S Monica
PALACE HOTEL.
Mr Arbenz, Germany lM R Chartrand. Mo
Mr Kemna. Germany F S Lusy, Wyoming
I S McGinnis, Arizona Mrs Lusy, Wyoming
W H Mehrtens. Pa ■ M V Hartrauft. L Ang
H W Bailey. Valley Cy »V A Sharp, Buffalo
C L Vallandigham, Cal I R Marten. L Ang
C R Williams. N V V* B Stewart L Ang
J F Moore, New; York i\' R White. New York
G B Rollins. Chicago J Bryan, New York
T B Comstock, L Ang J N Graves, L Ang
Wrs Comstock, Ls Ang Mrs Graves, L Anf
R She wan, China (Miss E Shankhead. I/A
ACS Mannus. NY PA Davey, Yokohama
Mrs Mannus, NY G W Lane, L Angeles
W A Hyl, Pa L Manhelm, New York
J P Adalr, Chicago iH P Goodman. Napa
A Fraser. New York Mrs Goodman, Napa
Miss X Fraser, NY ( H W Sampson, X V
H Goldsmith, L Ang 13 A Murray, Montana
H C Strong, Alaska W O Huline. U 9 N
F P Mills, Coultervllle
■ ♦ ■
California Fruit Sales.
LONDON. Sept. 26.— Porter Broe. Company's
sales of California fruit: Pears — Bartletts.
tl 32, half box; B«»Urre Hardys. $2 04; Beurre
Clairgeauß, $1 14; Doy dv Cornice, Jl 6S; Cale
basse, Jl 26; De Anjous. SI OS; Onondagos, 96c;
Duohespe, Jl 20: Alexis, $1 82. Prunes— Silver,
$1 20. half crates. Plume— Golden. $1 44, half
crate.
NEW YORK. Sect. 28.— Porter Bro*. Com
pany's sales of California fruit: Peaches—
Palways, 40c55l 15 box. Peara— Seckels, 80@
S»r>c half box. Grapes— Cornlchons", 90c®l 20
half crate: Tokays, 70c@$l 40; Muscats, So®7sc.
Ten cars sold.
CHICAGO, Sept. 26.— Porter Bros. Company's
pales of California fruit: Pears— Bartletts, 95e
rt?s2 M box; Duchesse, $1 55: Easter, Jl 45; Vi
car, $1 25. Grapes — Tokays, 7Ec@sl 10 half
crate. Peaches— Salways, 76c®$l 15 box and
pn<H73c crate; George's Late, 80c box; Mulra,
'Xto. Seven cars gold.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued from Page 10.
when a minus pigm (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number Riven Is Bubtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
September 28, 1899. ■ "; ■>'■■>
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N.. In charge.
Steamer Movements.
TO SAIL.
Shipping Intelligence.
*_ ■— »
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, September 28.
Sttnr Aberdeen, Peterson. 72 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 60 hours.
Stmr Seauoia, Thwine. 16 hours from Fort
Stmr Whttesboro, Olson, 18 hours from
Whitesboro. - ■ - . • ■■
Stmr Bonlta, Buchard, 16 hours from Moes
Br stmr Robert Adamson, Morgan, 1% day»
frcm Xanaimo. : • - •■■..;
Br ship Glenbreck, Burd, 126 days from
Swansea. ..
Br ship Duchalburn, Forbes, 125 days from
London.
Br ship Sardomene, Masson, 181 days . from
Hamburg.
Br ship Beacon Rook, Hughes, 124 days from
London. .
Br f-hip Dlmsdale, Rothery, IIS days from
Cardiff.
Bark S C Allen. Johnson, 20 days from Hono
lulu.
Ff bark Gen«vleve Mollno. Lemaltre," 125 days
from Swansea. •■
Bktn Tropic Bird, Jackson, 44 days from Ta-
Schr Wine and ■Wing. Olsen, 7 days from
Grays Harbor. ■ '
Bohr General Banning, Thomas, 41 days from
Mazatlan.
Bchr Defiance. Blum, 8 days from Tacoma.
" ■ " . • - CLEARED.
•Tuesday, September 26.
Stmr Centennial. Eagles, Honolulu; U S
Government.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, Eureka; Charles Nel
son. ,-
Stmr City of Rio de Janeiro, Ward, Portland;
U 8 Government. ■ ■• ■ . ■ . • •
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Btmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Br ship Arlstomene, Young, Liverpool; Bal
four, Gutbrle & Co. • . . "s. ».*.-.
SAILED.
Tuesday, September 26.
6tmr City of Rio de Janeiro, Ward, Port
land. . •
Stmr Weeott, .Ellis, Eureka.
Stmr Pomona. Shea, Eureka. .
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz. f. :'i
Stmr Ruth. Lundqulst. Coos Bay.
Stmr Arcata, ■ Reed, Coos Bay.
Stmr Noyo, Levinson, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Fulton, Levinson, Trinidad. „
Ptmr Gipsy. Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Alex Duncan, Nopander, .
U S stmr Relief, Harding, Manila.
Fr bark Bretagne. Guillon, Queenstown.
Pchr Kate and Anna, Scott, sea otter hunt
ing. . .
Schr Nettle Low. Low, Point Reyes.
Schr Gem, Nelson, Coos Bay.
Schr Nettie Sundborg. Nelson, in tow of stmr
Weeott. .' • •
Pchr Norma, Peterson, Fort Bragg. • • .■
Schr Ralph J. Long. : lslgkelt. Albion^. In 'tow
of stmr Ruth.
Schr J G Wall, Bjornstrom, Eureka.
Schr Monterey, Kundsen, Coos Bay.
Schr Archie and Fontie. Jansen, . Stewart*
Point. '":-%■ i
Schr Norma, Peterson, Fort Bragg.
Schr Barbara Hernster. Jensen, Fort Bragg.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Sept 26, 10 p WeaJhef
hazy; wind NW- velocity 8 miles.
SPOKEN.
Aug 16, lat 35 S. lon 31 W— Br ship Lamorna,
from London, .for San Diego. .- .-• ■■.;.'. i.
Per Br stmr Robert Adamson— Sept 25. about
30 miles NW by W 4 W of Point Arena, Fr
bark Europe, from Swansea, for Pan Francisco,
Per Ft bark Genevleve Mo'.inos— Aug 27, lat
9 N. lon 121 W, Br ship Blythswood, from Liv
erpool, for Astoria.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS BAY— Arrived Sept : 2S— Stmr Empire,
hence Pent .3.
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept 2S— Stmr Alliance,
from st Michael.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sept 23— Bark
Coloma, for Manila; schr Alice Cooke, for Port
Gamble.. • ". • ■
Arrived Sept 26— Schr Newark, hence Sept 22.
PORT HARFORIJ— Arrived Sept 26— Stmr Al
cazar, from — —. • ■ - .■ - »
US Sailed Sept 26— Stmr Navarro, for San
Francisco. ■ -■....-.■ .- >
TACOM A— Sailed Sept . 26— Schr Meteor, for
San Pedro. Sept 24— Stmr Mackinaw, for San
Francisco.
Arrived Sept 25— Ship Dashing Wave, from.
Honolulu; schr George W Watson, from Tahiti;
Bchr Volunteer, from Victoria. - .-.,.-.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Sept 26-Schr Alice
Cooke, from Port Townsend. - - . ..•"-
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sept ' 26—
Newburg, - f rom Redcndo". : •
Sailed Sept -26— Stmr Newburg, for San Fran
cleco. • • - ■ .
EUREKA— Arrived Sept 26— Stmr Alcatraz.
hence Sept 25. • ¥ .
Sailed Sept P.ktn Monitor, for San "Fran
cisco. ■' '.-•-■■
SAN DlEGO— Palled Sept ' 26-Schr Bertha
Dolbeer, for Eureka.
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed Sept 26— Schr Car
rier Dove, for Haiphong. I • " " '•" ■ •
FOREIGN PORTS.
MAZ4.TLAN— SaiIed Sept 24— Stmr San Bias,
for San Francisco.
SHANGHAI— Arrived Pert 25— Br stmr
Orange, from Portland.
AUCKLAND— Arrived Sept 26— Stmr Ala
meda, hence Sept 7.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Sept 26— Br stmr Em
press of China, from Vancouver.'-
GtTAYMAS — Arrived Sept 25-Schr C A
Thayer, from Grays Harbor. . • ■ .
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived Sept 26 — Stmr
Trave, from New York, for Bremen.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Sept 25— Stmr No
madic, from New York; |tmr Dominion, from
Montreal. ■' ~ " , .
SHANGHAI— Arrived Sept 25— Stmr Orange
Branch, from Portland; Or. etc. .
AUCKLAND— Arrived Sept 23— Stmr Ala
meda. from San Francisco.
BOULOGNE— Arrived Sept 26— Stmr" Maas
dam, from New York, for Rotterdam.
NEW YORK— Sept 26— Stmr Saale, for
Bremen, via Southampton; stmr Auranla, for
Liverpool; stmr Tauric. for Liverpool. ;. . .
Arrived Sent 26 — Stmr Barbaossa, from
Bremen and Southampton. .
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived Sept . 26 — Stmr
Oceanic, from New York, for Liverpool, and
proceeded. . • •■' • -?
MOVlLLE— Arrived Sept 28— Stmr Anchoria,
from New York, for Glasgow.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
jit. Steamers leave Broadway
Wh^ wharf, San Francisco.
STJacWtta. For Alaskan torts, 10 a. in.,
■iff —WlMfc. September 18. 23,* 28, October
ETMmHK^ 8 - change at Seattle.
K»osSy «4l ; For Victoria, Vancouver
IMHKiririlffffli <B. C), Port Townsrnd, Se-
f°**^fc^ MBA ottle, Tacoma. Everett, Ana-
• cortes and New Whatcom
yV;-"<» '■.■■. *?* (Wash.), 10 a. m., September
IS. 23, 28, October S, and
every -fifth day thereafter: change at Seattle
to this company's steamers for Alaska and
G. N. Ry.; at Tacoma to Is. P. Ry.; at Van-
couver to C. P. By. ' . ; . _ ■
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m., Sep-
tember 16. 21, 26, October 1, and every fifth day
thereafter. - „, . _• ■_.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
Gaviota, Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme,
San Pedro East San Pedro (Los Anpeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m., September jr. 21. 25, 29, Oc-
tober 8, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m.; SeDtember 15. 19, 23. 27, October 1, and
every fourth day thereafter. „ ■ "
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Joie del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month. ' ■•■ : •
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to chant©
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of saillnar.
TICKET OFFICE— New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. A*t«.,
.10 Market St., San Francisco. .
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
*r DISPATCH. PAST STEAanCRS TO ". .
!PO:R,TIL,A.2Sr:D
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m. \
FARC 12 Flpst claM Including Bert*
IHIIL $8 Second CloH'i and Heals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Sept. 5, 15, 25: Oct. 5, 15. 23
COLUMBIA sails ..Sept. 10. 20, 30; Oct. 10, 20, 80
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East. ■ •■-;.■
E. C. WARE. General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent*. .
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PARIS,
Stopping at Cherbourg 1 , westbound. '
From New York Every Wednesday, . 10 a. m.
New York Oct. 4|New York Oct.. 25
St. Louis Oct. 11 St. Louis Nov. X
St. Paul Oct. IS I St. Paul Nov. S
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12. noon.
Frlesland .......Oct. 4'Kenslngton Oct.' 25
Southwark Oct. HJNordland ....:. .Nov. 1
Westernland ....Oct. 18 j Frlesland Nov. 8
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle, St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
! INTERNATIONAL- NAVIGATION COMPANY,
I 30 Montgomery st., or any of Its agencies.
| TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe ■ (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at . Hongkong with steamers ■ for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. . .'."..'-
AMERICA-MART' Friday, October 17
HONGKONG-MARU.. Wednesday, November 1
NIPPON-MARU Saturday. November 25
. Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First. ■ ' •:."• "
. W. H. A VERY. General Agent.
. ~ '. ! : ' [ V*~ '.. " : —
fHMDMBHM Wednesday, • October
ICjDnIE vla Honolulu iin.l
irnill* Auckland for Sydney
B Wednesday, October
SlHrnchinJ The S. S. Australia
G)lwll!OIIIL> j B ail s for Honolulu
{RUlFffiPlL. Wednesday, October
VyiiipUl-*T IS, at 2 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa,- New Zealand, Australia, India, Suez.
England, etc.; $610 first class. . - .'
I. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts.. il4 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St
00HPAQNIE GENE RALE TRANS ATL ANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ,&£&» '
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <v3\j£Eiji
from Pier 42, North River, foot of V * S^-'W»
Morton st. LA TOURAINE, Sept. .80; LA..
NORMANDIE, Oct. 7: LA CHAMPAGNE., Oct.
14 LA GASCOGNE, Oct. 21; LA BRETAGNE.
! Oct 28. First-class to Havre, $'>0 and up-
! ward; 5 per cent reduction on round trip.. Sec-
' ond-class to Havre. $43; 10 per cent reduction
en round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 32 Broad-
way (Hudson building). New. York. J. F. FU-
GAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Mont-
gomery aye.. San Francisco.-
BAY- AND RIVER STEAMERS.
"foruTsTnavy-yard and yallejo.
Steamer "Monticello." ; ' '
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thura. and Sat.' at' 9:45
a. m., 3:15, 8:30 p. ni. (ex. : Thurs. night), Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:30. a. m., 8
p. m. Landing and office, Mission-street Dock, .
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1008. . , .- .
FARE .....Mo
'. .. '
1314
DR. TEBBETS MUST NOW
ANSWER HIS ACCUSERS
Formal Charges Are Prepared and Are Ready
for Presentation to the Governor.
The Scandal in the State Board of Dental Examiners Was an
Affair of Common Gossip in the Fraternity in
This City-Efforts to Suppress Facts,
The scandal in the State Board of Dental Examiners has at last reached a climax. Formal
charges agatnst Dr. F. F. Tebbets will be signed this morning by Dr. Louis T. Cranz, and will be mailed
at once to Dr. G. S. Bachman, president of the Board of Drntal Examiners, and to the Governor. These
charges will allege that Dr. F. F. Tebbets has used his official position corruptly to sell examination ques
tions and to grant dental diplomas. No specific instances of alleged corruption will be recited by the ac
cused, but Dr. Cranz, through his attorney, Thomas D. Riordan, will announce himself as ready to pro
duce witnesses and testimony at the investigation which is demanded. The affair has excited the dental
fraternity of the State, and the Governor will be asked to make an immediate inquiry. Dr. Bachman will
not now be in a position to plead that he has no official knowledge of the charges, and as president of the
State board he will be forced to take cognizance of them. As soon as the Governor receives the for
mal charges he will announce his policy.
Dr. G. H. Gazarian, an Accuser of Dr. Tebbets.
DR. CKANZ was not slow yseterday |
in consulting with hla attorney.
-■ of 1 'i. G. H. Ga- '
laims that Dr.
• i of him $800 for a
dental C( ."• : s ,ade furt: •
In the ma lity. L>r. Crahz
hnJ Thomas D. Riordan determined there
fore to lose no further time. The evi
ls at hand, the wltnc ssea are ready,
the persona: and pn fessional honest;, of a
officer have been questioned, and
f.>r the sake of the entire profession an
investigation has beoon salty.
It was found Impossible yesterday to fin- j
lull the charges in their formal way in
time to mail them to the- Governor and
to the pr. Lhe Stati Board of
Dental Examiner*, The documents will
be signed by Dr. Cranz this morning, and ■
will be immediately mailed. It is within
the Governor's power to determine what
character the investigation shall take.
Some members of the Board of Exam- |
iners believe that the board should not
undertake the inquiry. The scandal has ;
assumed such wide proportions that these i
members believe that suspl a been j
cast over their own feputatic noth
ing should be left undone the
matter to the very bottom. . evident
reluctance of Dr. G. S. Bachman to take
any action has excited adverse comment, j
but prominent nn-n in the dental profes- j
Pion insist that it is due to the entire fra
ternity to locate and punish the guilty
persons -and free the others from an un-
Juet suspicion.
There is an evident disposition on the
part of professional friends of Dr. Teb
bets to suppress the facts, but develop
ments have come so quickly that the ef
fort has. proved hopeless. This disposition
has been shown by men who are members
of the State Board of Dental Examiners,
b~ well U seme that are not. That Is one
reason why the suggestion has been made
that the inquiry should be held exclusively
by the State board.
As an evidence that some strange influ
ence is at work to throttle an investiga
tion and prevent the whole truth of the
Dental Board's rottenness from becoming
public, the attitude Of Dr. J. 1... Asay of
the faculty of the College of Physicians
and Surgeons, is Interesting. After depre
cating the crookedness in the board, after
resigning, as be stated, because he found
himself helpless to do what he though".
was right, and after taking an enthusias
tic hiterec' in the impending investigation
and promising to add his testimony to es
tabllsb the guilt of Tebbets, he has sud
denly suffered h must aggravated case of
"cold feet." In attempting to squirm out
Of the position into which he voluntarily
Btepped he has involved himself in a hope
tangle of contradictions and incon
sistencies. In an interview last night Dr.
Asay said:
"] dens that 1 ever paid Dr. Tebbets
any money for securing a certificate for
a young lad;, or any other person. 1 Ob
ject to having my name used In this
■ ■ ctlon, as one of the faculty of Phy
b and Surgeors. It gives out the
ides that we are all ■ lot of boodlers out
there. 1 will not deny that I had a young
lad\ friend who took the examinations.
I will not deny that Tebbets approached
me with the information that certain
members of the board were opposed to
granting certificates to women. I will
not deny that he said he could 'fix* the
matter for me. I have consulted an at
torney and I have nothing .to say on
these points.
"This matter is not going to end here.
Before I get through others will be drawn j
into this thing, and Cranz will be sorry I
that he ever stirred up this mess."
And these statements are made within !
twenty-four hours after Dr. A6ay visited I
Dr. Cranz, assured him of his support !
In exposing corruption in the State ,
itoard of. Dental Examiners, and out- j
lined the testimony he would give at
avestigation as published in yester- ;
day's Call.
While neither willing to deny nor affirm
that he knows Dr. Cranz or that he :
visited iii:- office, Dr. Asay says that if
such a visit was made it wjs fur the j
purpose <jf telling L>r. Cranz a number :
"f uncomplimentary things about him- ;
self and cautioning him not to mix the
Asay name in the Dental Board scandal, j
under penalty of severe punishment po
litical and otherwise.
A representative of The Call was pres
ent in Dr. Cranz's office on the occasion
of Asay'a visit, and at that time there i
were do indications of hostilities.
Dr. Asay sent The Call a signed com
munication last night denying, in an
evasive way, that he had paid money to
Tebbets for a certificate fur his young j
lady it;
Dr. \\. Z. King, who has offices in the
Flood building, is in possession of much \
information to corroborate and strengthen '
the statements made by Dr. G. H. Q-aza
rian, the Armenian of Fresno, wnom
Tebbets be.gst-d to put a plaster on his !
ranch so that he could raise the where- I
with with which to do business with the
Tebb*ts question bureau. Dr. King re- j
members well the circumstance and of!
Dr. Gazarian's statement made to him
upon the very day Tebbets held him up to
grease his Itching palm.
"I remember Gazarian very well," said
Dr. Kin? yesterday. "I took pity on him.
He seemed to be a very decent fellow,
well educated, but laboring under the dis
advantage of not being able to read and !
write the English language very readily.
Sympathizing with him I went to the
pr< -idetit of the State Board of Dental
Kxaminers and secured permission for i
him to take the examination through an !
interpreter.
"\\ iien it was all over he came to me i
very much downcast. He said that he had :
been refused a certificate 1 , although his
examination had been satisfactory, and
then, in the presence of Dr. Metralf of
Sacramento, told the story of attempted
extortion precisely as related In this
morning's Call. ,
"1 never discussed the matter with Teb
bets and the 4 assertion that he admitted
to me that he had 'men doing crooked i
business en the board is not correct."
1 >r. King made no effort to conceal the
impression that his opinions of the ac
cused were not the most favorable:
Dr. George R. Harris is decidedly un
nerved at tha publication in The Call of |
Ids corresponden.ee with Covington rela
tive to the possibility of purchasing from
Tebbets the list of questions to be asked
at the examinations given by the State i
board. He thinks the thing is going too
far and asserts that the whole business j
mystifies him. He insists that he can
explain every statement in his letters to
Cuvington. and yet shows no inclination
to do so. When seen at his home in Oak- :
land, Dr. Harris said:
"This thing Is going altogether too far. \
Those letters contain nothing that cannot;
be easily explained. 1 want to deny at I
the outset that I have ever taken part in
any illegal transaction or that 1 attempt- 1
ed to pass my examination by unfair |
means.
"The Chinese and Armenian I men- '
tloned in my letter were first brought to
my knowledge by Dr. Drucker. I was in !
my laboratory some months ago. talking i
with Dr. Covlngton and others, when Dr. :
Drucker came In and told us he had heard
that a Chinaman had put up $1000 to Teb
bets to be allowed to pass the examina
tion and that ar Armenian had put up
$200. Several times after that I heard the
same thing from different sources and I
concluded that there must be something
in It. Of course. It might have been cir
culated by somebody to hurt Tebbets. I
certainly have never told Dr. Metcalf that j
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, AVEDNKSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, I*H9.
T knew that T was doomed because 1
would not instruct a boy Dr. Morffew
sent to me. About six months ago Dr.
Morffew did ser.d me a boy, and I de
i elined to take him In my laboratory, as I
had neither the time nor the Inclination
to t^ach him. At that time Morffew was
a member of the State Board of Dental
Kxamir.ers. but he was not a member
at the time 1 presented myself for ex
amination. 1 do not believe Morffew
would attempt to queer me because I
; would not t;ike his boy. I did not pass
j my examination, but it was for the rea
-1 son 1 liave stated and not because I did
, not receive questions for which I had
paid. This thing is a mystery to me.
s. mebody Is running very close to the
danp>r line, and when I have satisfied
myself just what it all means I shall do
some talking myself."
Dr. Harris has a wrong interpretation
of th" tffetcalf-Morffew incident. It is
not claimi d that Harris told Metcalf that
he (Harris i was doomed because he had
refused to take in Morffew's client. The
statement is that Dr. Metcalf imparted
this information to Dr. Harris.
STOPPING COOLIE IMPORTERS
F. A. Reeve, acting solicitor of the
treasury, has just handed down a de
cision that will debar from admission to
this country a large number of Chinese
persona who have pained admission
hitherto on the ground that they were
ministers of the gospel, missionaries,
8, lawy •!■-. etc.
The opinion is to the effect that there
is no authority for the rendmtssion of
• 'hir.ese persons who are neither of the
exempt Vlasses— returning merchants or
returning registered laborers.
In the month of May of this year
Collector Jackson of this port admitted
Pong Fang, minister. Fond Ting Yuen,
pr< acher and Wcrig Fang Wan, mission
ary, on the ground that they were former
residents of this country "of the exempt
class, not laborers." on evidence satis
factory to the collector, but not furnished
to the Secretary.
The opinion goes on to say that the
Collector says he admitted them on th*>
ground that they were former residents
ot the exf-mpt class, not laborers, upon
evidence satisfactory as to that fact.
"If he means by this that the evidence
was to his satisfaction that Pong Fang
was a minister, that Fond Ting fuen
was a preacher and Wong Pang Wan wa«
a missionary, still the legal question re
tQalned as to whether, under the Chinese
• xihision act, :nii:isters, preachers and
missionaries were exempt from their pro
visions. 1 am of the opinion that minis
ters, preachers anil missionaries, as well
as lawyers, doctors, etc., are not of the
exempt class, and I am furthrr of the
opinion that if they were admitted with
out lawful authority they could acquire
no ripht to r>'admlssion to this country
when they return from China."
MILLIONAIRE BRADBURY DOES
HIS BIT IN THE COUNTY JAIL
ONCE upon a time— and this is no
fairy tale— Millionaire \V. B.
Bradbury literally spat upon one
of the ordinances duly made and
prov|ded for the government of the
people of San Francisco. He was ar
r. steel Instanter and found guilty of a
misdemeanor, but it was not until
yesterday afternoon — more than two
years after ho had cxhihited his
ability to shoot snllva at a mark that
fie began to serve the sentence im
posed. He will be released from cus
tody at 11 o'clock this morning, duly
chastened, it is hoped.
It is not every day, even in this city,
th.-it one can find a millionaire doing
time, and, naturally enough, any num
ber of people called at the Broadway
jail last night in the hope that they
might be allowed a glimpse of the
iraseiWe capitalist. He had forestalled
their curiosity, however, by giving in
structions to his jailers to inform
visitors that he was not in. He was,
nevertheless, and it was plain he did
not like it.
The act for whloh Bradbury put in
the night in jail was committed early in
May. 1597. The Board of Supervisors
had just taken occasion to pass an
ordinance against expectorating in
public buildings, on sidewalks or
streetcars. On the ill-fated day of his
arrest Bradbury was riding on a cable
car. On the floor of the car a fly was
crawling. The temptation was too
much for the millionaire. He puckered
and missed the fly, but hit the floor.
The conductor saw the expectoration
and remonstrated with his "fare" for
violation of the ordinance. Bradbury
said some cutting things about the
ordinance, the cable company and the
conductor and said he would expec
torate when and wherever he chose.
The conductor warned him not to
repeat the act. This was like throwing
B red rag to a bull. To show his in
dependence of conventions. Bradbury
spat again. The conductor said noth
ing until he sighted n policeman, when
he lodged a complaint against the mil
lionaire. In the Police Court a few
days later Bradbury was found guilty
by Judge Low and sentenced to twen
ty-four hours In- the County Jail. Hl3
attorney appealed from that Judg
ment, basing it on the ground that the
law provided for a fine as an alterna
tive and the Police Judge had not
recognized that provision.
Pending the decision • of the appeal
Bradbury was released on bail and
nothing more of him was heard until
the following September, when he was
arrested for battery. The aged mil
lionaire had so allowed his fiery tem
per to get the better of him that he
had kicked a piano tuner downstairs
in his hotel. A Jury took Just six mm
"HOOT MON" WILL BE THE
NEXT TIVOLI COMEDIAN
> ALF WHEELAN, THE SUCCESSOR Oh EDWIN SThVtNS. J
) rr> HE Tivoll has engaged a new comedian, who is under contract for a -
i year. He Is no other than Alf Wheelan, the "Hoot Mon" of the "Idol's <
> Eye," Frank Daniels' great success. He will fill the place left vacant j
| by Edwin Stevens.
! Wheelan is one of the very best low comedians on the comic opera <
j stage. He wan last Been here with Frank Daniels In both the "Wizard of -
- the Nile" and the "Idol's Eye," making a. decided success in both operas. I
> Little opportunity was Riven him to show his ability in either of these pro
■ ductions, but his work wen the popular favor, and "Hoot Mon" was quite '
> the talk of the town. Wheelan Is a clever character actor as well as low
- comedian and is fitted in every way for the work expected of him at the <
> Tivoli.
On Monday night ho will appear as Ko Ko in "The Mikado," a part \
) that he has played several seasons throughout the East. During the last ten -
- yean Wheelan has been identified with comic opera and his success has been (
) uniform. His engagement by the Tivoli management will be a surprise to •
- most people, as it was whispered about that Ferris Hartman would return to (
* fill his old place. Wheelan's engagement was rather a hastily contrived af- ■
' fair, on Wednesday Manager Leahy of the Tivoli wired him in New York ;
; that he would like to have the Scotchman of the "Idol's Eye" for a year, (
) and the terms were stated. Wheelan packed his trunk and started about
• the same time he wired his acceptance. (
ANDREW MARTIN
WEDS MISS GOAD
Elaborate Noon Ceremony
at the Home of the
Bride.
Yesterday at noon, in the presence of a
large company. Miss Genevfeve (Joad and
Andrew Martin stood before the Rev.
Father Prendergast, and after him pro
nounced the woids that made them man
and wife.
It was an impressive ceremony amid
elaborate surroundings. The elegant
family mansion of the Goads on Washing
ton street was given over completely into
the hands of a famous London florist,
who converted the spacious apartments
and magnificent halls into a fairy-like
floral bower. Variety was the keynote
of the Londoner, and the result was a
series of different though most enchanting
effects.
The hall was beautiful with autumn
leaves and American beauty roses; the
reception room was like an enchanted
spot in which great palms and white
blossoms flourished, and the dining hall
was ablaze with autumn foliage and
hop blossoms. The small tables, at
which the elaborate breakfast was served.
were decorated with prnk and yellow
roses, with the exception of the bride's
table, which was a picture of floral loveli
ness with Its decoration of white orchids {
and violets.
In the drawing-room, where the cere- ,
mony was performed, an Immense bower i
of pink ana white lilies and ferns graced
utes to convict him of the offense,
and this second defeat so chastened
the spirit of the man of millions that
he might never have been heard of
again in police circles had It not been
for that appeal.
Things move slowly In the Superior '
Court, however, and it was not till the
Ist of this month that a trio of the
Judges, sitting In bank, affirmed the
judgment of the Police Court. The
rfmittitur In the case was sent on
Monday to Judge Treadwell, successor
to Judge Low, and on a bench warrant
Issued under it Bradbury was taken
into court. The millionaire was in
formed that he would have to go to
jail. Through his attorney he aaked
that the court change the penalty to a
fine. Judge Treadwell could not see
It In that light.
"This Is not the place for such a
motion." he said. "The matter should
have been attended to In the Superior
Court. I have no power other than to
pass judgment, and I order that you
be imprisoned In the County Jail for
twenty-four hours, and God haye —
the large bay-window, and here the
young couple knelt while the solemn
binding words were spoken.
The wedding was set for noon, and
promptly at the appointed hour the
bridal procession was formed. First came
the ushers, E. M. Greenway, Peter D.
Martin, Frederick McNear and Andrew
Mizi.. r; following the ushers came the
maid of honor, Miss Hattie Belle joad.
who In turn preceded the bride, who was
escorted to the improvised altar by her
brother. Frank Goad. At the floral bower
Andrew Martin and his best man, Walter
-Martin, met the bride.
After the ceremony congratulations
were in order, and then the newly wedded
pair led the way to the dining hall,
where an elaborate bridal breakfast was
served.
The bride looked exquisitely beautiful
in her gown of white satin with yoke
and sleeves of rare old Honlton lace. The
tulle veil was fastened to the coiffure
with three diamond stars, the gift of the
groom, and the gown was fastened with
diamond and pearl pins, the gift of
Walter Martin.
Mis.s Hattie Belle Goad, the maid of
honor, wore a dainty gown of pink silk
shrouded in an overdress of pink illusion.
Her bouquet was of bridesmaids roses.
Mrs. Martin, mother of the groom, wore
a magnificent gray satin gown, trimmed
with flounces of. old Chantilly. The
corsage was ablaze with diamond orna
ments. Mrs. Osßood Hooker, eldest
sister of the bride, wore an exquisite
Mark lace gown, and Mrs. C. K. Mc-
Intr.sh, the other sister of the bride, j
Linked extremely pretty in gray crepe,
with a garniture of pink roses. The j
bridal presents were exceptionally ,
beautiful. The brothers of the groom
were lavish In their gifts of jewels to the I
bride, and among other thing« Walter !
Martin gave a beautiful string of pearls,
and Peter Martin a ring of pearls and un
cut BSpphire. Mrs. Martin's gift was a
magnificent chest of silver and a neck
and the sooner you get there the
sooner you'll get out."
The millionaire and his attorney did
not like the medicine. They asked
that they be given some time to ar
range matters, and In a spirit of ac
commodation Bradbury was taken to
the City Prison and confined in the
office, while his attorney wpnt to the
Supreme Court and applied for a writ
to review the case. He did not return
to his client until nearly 3 o'clock with
the information that the writ had been
denied. Bradbury had been a model
prisoner during the interim, as. not
withstanding the lack of amusement
in the City Prison and the multiplicity
of cracks in the flooring, he managed
so to control himself an to refrain
from squirting at any of them.
In charge of Sergeant of Police Wolf
and a Deputy Sheriff he was taken to
the jail on Broadway and placed in a
cell, in one corner of which was a
cuspidor with a hole in the top so
large that a man of Bradbury's ex
perionce could make a dead center In
the dark.
We have now opened our full
assortment of NEW VENETIANS,
COVERT CLOTHS, BROADCLOTHS,
AMAZON CLOTHS, BEAVERS, LA-
DIES' CLOTHS, TWEEDS, GOLF
CLOAKINGS, BICYCLE SUITINGS
and ENGLISH CORDUROYS.
ENGLISH VENETIANS, In all the New Fall Shades ;
also Blacks. .sl, $1.25, $2, $2.50 and $3 yard
FRENCH BROADCLOTHS, in Light and Medium makes,
all shades and Blacks
$1.50, $1.75. $2, $2.50 and $3 yard
GOLF CLOAKINGS in all the latest styles— a splendid
assortment $1.75, $2 and $3 yard
SPECIAL :
60 pieces 50-lnch GENUINE FRENCH VENETIAN CLOTH,
18 different shades ; also Blacks. . .Price, $2 uard.
SPECIAL :
10 pieces 54-inch BOUCLE CLOAKINGS, assorted color-
ings Price, $1.25 yard
111. 113. 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
lace of diamonds. Downey Harvey also
gave some exquisite silver.
Mr. and Mrs. Martin left last night for
Southern California. Their future home
is to be in Palm City.
LORING CLUB OPENS
ITS WINTER SEASON
The Lot-insr Club inaugurated its third
season at Odd Fellows' Hall last evening
with a concert, the artistic quality of
■ which was upon the same level as all af-
I fairs given under the auspices of this
: organization. . A male chorus well oon
| ducted is always pleasant to hear, and
when it contains vocalists of the caliber
! which constitutes the Loring Club its per
formance must needs be witnessed with
delight. The gentlemen sing well to
gether and are able to obtain a splendid
volume, although now and then one would
like to hear still a little more force. The
bassos are especially good, while some
of the tenors are not quite as sure of
their high notes as they ought to be. Da
vid D. L,oring is an excellent leader, who
knows where the strength of his society
lies. But why does the club select con
stantly such antiquated musk 1 ? Why not
| render a modern selection now and then?
The composers are not all dead yet.
The Minetti quartet made its first ap
pearance on this occasion and proved it
self entitled to the distinguished position
of the leading string qunrtet on the Pa
cific Coast. Its ensemble work was par
ticularly excellent in the Dvorak quartet
in F major, where the individual virtuos
ity of the players oame in the foreground.
The Minetti quartet does clean ami accu
rate work, is attentive to the sentiment
embodied in the various compositions,
and its interpretation is delicate and con
tains character. It is just such a quartet
that is needed on this coast, as it con
tributes toward cleansing the musical at
mosphere. Inasmuch as this quartet will
give a series of concerts this winter there
will be ample opportunity to ventilate its
resources. Frank Coffin snng the solo
parts for the last time before his depart
ure to Europe, and it is quite interesting
to know that on this occasion he sang
the same solo which he rendered at his
first appearance with the Loring Club.
That he sang even better than during that
first occasion is a matter of course. And
now he ought to sing the same part after
his return from abroad.
The songs rendered were: "Rhine Wine
Song" (Liszt); "Aye Maria" (Abt); "After
the Battle" (Llebe); "The Haunted Mill"
(Strong); "Drinking Snng" (Mendelssohn).
The Minetti quartet played: Quartet, F
major, op. % A (Dvorak); largo from
quartet in E minor (B. Smetana); vivacis
simo from quartet No. 3, op. 7<> A (Baz
zini). ALFRED MKTZGER.
ORPHANS' DAY.
They Will Be the Guests at the Circus
To-Morrow.
There was neither a box nor fnur-bit
seat left in the bip tents at Sixteenth and
Folsom streets last night, and the Mains
put up a show that was value received
for every dollar that went Into the ticket
office. The menagerie, the horse fair and
the ringside were thronged until the ex
cellent minstrels, that wound up the per
formance, were finished. Although the
audiences that have greeted Main's show
since its arrival here have been large, that
of last night was unusual.
Every attraction of the big show will be
uncovered to-day and paraded through
the principal streets of the city lor five
hours. The procession will leave the lot
at Sixteenth and .Folsom streets at 9:30
p'Clock sharp.
To-morrow the management will keep
open house to the orphan asylums of the
city. The little folks will be taken
through everything on the grounds, and
it is not to cost any of them a cent; they
will be the guests of the circus people,
and a royal pood time is in store for them.
They will see the menagerie and Dockrill
and his rag-time horse and the sixty-three
big ponies and performing Shetlands all
doing their tricks together in one big ring,
and all the rest of the turns that are
brought on nightly. It is quite likely, too,
that they will be given a chance f> see
just how things are done behind the
scenes, although the management has not
been able yet to figure out how so many
youngsters as will be present can be taken
care of there without impeding the per
formance.
A philosopher says it is much easier
to make a blunder than it is to ac
knowledge it.
■Hvn" "EMBARRASSFFC
TO FIND AN ELEPHANT
* ON YOUR HANDS
' in a badly done up and torn and frayed
1 shirt front or collar when you are going
| to see your best girl or want to look
your best for some social function.
.| Nothing like that will ever happen
when you have your best linen laun-
dered by our up-to-date and perfect
! methods. We send it home without
; fray or tear, and looking fresh as when,
; first bought.
United States Laundry. Offlca
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
Oakland Office. 514- Eleventh St.
A Week FREEf¥~f
. Treatment and Medicine sJol §j
FOR § S
Catarrh, Deafness, a 'isgg
NOISES IN EARS %Mzfjr
AND THROAT DISEASES M^M
i GIVEN to show the superior §Ss§^/' ,/a^ •
] merit of my new INVENTION §§5/ ."SSLi
. and ANTISEPTIC treatment. §3' teliia'
! that gives marvelous cures |& f§S*§B
i even after other treatments ||^^i«§llil :
I fail. So easy a child can usp §1 !^S^gy>.
| it : 2000 test cases, over 95 per Si £™icsSP?i
I cent cured. Hundreds of in- KSWgg|iSPjis?'
j dors«mentB. But the best wn y^^^3S^p»s^: -> )
i is to try it and be convinced while you can
FREE. Write for literature or call at once
for FREE TREATMENT.
DR. COTTINGHAM,
632 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
Hours— a. m.. 1-3 and 7-8 p. m.
Berry Sets.
Great Left Over Sale
i Prices Away Down.
You'll Say So,
, When You See Prices.
! Great American ImpoTtino: Tea Co.
%, Stores Everywhere.
? ioo Stores.
lA/. T. HESS,
.NOTARY FD4LIU AND ATfoRNEY-AT-LAff,
Tenth Floor Koom 1015. Claus Spreckela Bide
Telephone Brown iil.
; Residence, 821 California nt.. below 1 owell.
! San Fianclßco. . " .
GOLDEN WEST BOTTLING WORKS,
Bottlers of—
ANHEUSER-BUSCH BEERS
j Goods delivered to any part or tb« \ clt/.
■ Phone. J*K«le bil