VOLUME LXXXYI-^O. 75.
GREATER GROWS THE
NUMBER OF VICTIMS
Several Thousand Killed by the
Hurricane in Porto Rico — One
Hundred Thousand Homeless,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
rAT.T> HEADQUARTERS, WEL
LINGTON HOTEL. WASHINGTON,
Aug. L3.— Further details received to
day from Governor General Davis re
garding the effects of the hurricane in
Rico show that the situation is
even more appalling than at first re
ported. Here are the estimates Oen
eral Davis pives of the damage
wrought:
One thousand persons killed by
falling walls. This number, he adds.
may be multiplied several times by
later information.
One hundred thousand persons
homeless and destitute.
One-fifth of all dwellings on island
destroyed.
All crops and most of the trees in
jured.
So greatly was Secretary Root Im
pressed with the gravity of the situa
tion that, after receiving Davis' dis
patch, he decided to supplement his
appeals to Mayors of large cities, by
addressing similar communications to
Governors of States, urging them
:t measures for the collection
ntributions. This appeal will be
• orrow.
!: iot said to The Call correspondent:
"The Government cannot do much, but
it will do all in its power to relieve the
ring caused by this terrible dis-
The McPherson will start to
jnorrow, and I shall send other supplies
as ra possible. In this emerg
however, we are forced to rely on
•sity of the American people.
We have no money properly available
for buying- the supplies we are sending,
but until the contributions of the peo
come in I shall continue to send
provisions, no matter from what spe
cial fund the money may have t-> be
derived. I will nut allow the people
t<> starve while 1 have power to help
them. I feel confident that the pa
triotism and generosity of the people
of the United States will no-t be ap
pealed to in vain."
Appended are the dispatches received
by the War Department from General
Davis to-day:
SAN JUAN, Porto !:. Aug. 13 (via
Hayti).— Tl te of affairs
ighout ;he island is not yet known
because of the total destruction of all ;
ctions and great d< -
Noi more than
fourth the towns re yet heard from, j
nough is known to warrant vie
ment that one-fifth of the dw<
Hi thi ire total!;
their owners ir< without any .- ■ ••■
• r any food beyond what has
saved from the debris. Th<
crop and most of the t: ruined,
and thus renance for support la gone.
■ -third of the peopl< subsis
on fruit and in a small degn
rs. All the former is destroyed and
mm-h of the lauer are rotting in the
ground. A greal many thousai
■ ed, and the debris carried
down the rivers is strewn ovei
■ . reck of the storm ai
bodies of animals. The deaths from
falling walls and drowning will number
more than a tl tnd may i
eral times this number. The state of dis
and when the green
■ l from the debris are con
; the suffering will be very groat.
I am relieving- the suffering everywhere
in reach as much as possible. In out of
the v. are many thousands wno
hed for some time. The
rdered sent by the Government
will help much, but will last only for a
few days, while destitution nn;-t con
t. for many weeks or months until the
fegjianas grow up from the ground, for
Whi • • c months at least are required.
: of all kinds is needed, especially
- ; 1 I : r] codfish, which have been
the main support outside <-,f fruit. I
clothing Is also needed, for thon
: naked from their dwellings
_nt when the gaje broke. Medicines
•■ ■ ■ . most pressingly, especial
nine and other simple medicines. I
tl at Ht least 1000 ton? Of food Will
i weekly for several weeks. I
onstituted boards all over the island
a nd a general board
■ met the relief work. While I
have nol yet full data I repeal the esti
• are home
tituti The relief ration pro
posed ■ ■ md of fond per day, com
posed of t -s of beans, seven
■ ■ nd two ounces of codfish.
In addition to th'- food ordered by the M -
Pherson I ask that 2500 tons, above pro
n"s. should be shipped iK-xt wei k.
Before this is consumed I will have full
data respecting future needs, but 1 fear
extensive rovisions will be nec
essary for several months. I shall push
work on the roads and give employment
to as many as possible. I hope the char
itable people of the States will contribute
food, clothes, medicines and money.
Colon 1 "'! H surgeon of th< de
partment, is chairman Of the relief hoard.
and auxiliary boards are organizing in all '
the towns. Five military posts not yet
heard from. DAVIS.
General Davis" Becond dispatch:
SAN JUAN DE PORTO RICO, Aug. 13.—
Further but still incomplete- reports con
firm previous cable reports as conserva
tive. Suggest an appointment of officer
in Xew York to receive relief funds and
supplies, cabling quantities and kinds ;
shipped on each boat. Colonel 1 1 < . f . -r, :
medical department, charge relief work
here. Should be shipper] this week not
less than 25i» tons of food. Best to be
pent, brans, rich and cheap grade cod
fish. Cotton clothing and course cotton
goods in piece, needles and' thread also
needed, Money will be applied in assist
li g to rebuild houses and huts and hire
for help. I recommend that bags for
sugar and coffee, all kinds of rough lum
ber for building and fencing, hooks.
staves and hoops for sugar packing and
galvanized iron and r:ai!s fur roofing pur- I
,,^,-.0 n e placed on the first list. I nave
authorized employment of labor for re
building barracks at Cayeya and
Aibomao. wholly destroyed. DAyfs
RUIN AND DEATH IN
GUADELOUPE ISLANDS
Pr«"-lal Cable to The Call and the N>w York
H>raid. Copyrighted, 1599. by James Gor
<s^n Bennett.
POINTE-A-PITRE, Guadeloupe»Auff.
The San Francisco Call.
13. — The hurricane spread ruin and
death through these islands. In Orand
Terre fifty deaths and 280 injured have
been reported thus far. Th» towns of
Le Monle, Port Louis and St. Francois
are devastated.
Pointe-a-Pitre is greatly damaged,
the estimated loss being $3,000,000. Six
steamers and twenty-two sehcroners
were sunk or damaged beyond repair.
A great number of fishing craft were
lost.
Communcation with the interor is
impossible, but courier reports reveal
frightful damage. The coffee and cocoa
crops .'ire ruined and sugar cane is
practically destroyed.
A daring spectator f>f the storm was
Frances Drake, an American news
paper woman, who was seen for hours
standing on a pier 300 feet out in the
ocean.
The whole of Desirade Island was
devastated. People are starving and
without shelter.
WHERE MANY WERE
KILLED DURING STORM
Special Cable to The Call and the New V rk
Herald. Copyrighted, ISS9, by James Gor
don .Bennett.
SAN JUAN PORTO RICO, Aug. 13.—
Reports of terrible loss by the hurri
'■.■titinue to reach lure. At
I'truado it is now said that there were
200 or 300 killed during th^ storm. Ar
royo is completely destroyed, only four
houses being left standing.
At Guayama three brick houses are
all that are left standing. The church
is without a roof. There were fifteen
casualties there. At Cayenne thirty
one persons were drowned. The town
suffered comparatively iittle.
Conditions at Ponce are no better.
There is a report of a mutiny there.
The commanding officer is doing the
best he can for the relief of the suffer
ers.
Official word comes that there were
several casualties at Patilas. Nobody
has any shelter, all the survivors are
i sleeping in the streets. Families of
some means are without food. Baker
re destroyed and there is no bread
or salt. Th>- Mayoi- fed the destitute
[ for a time with provisions found under .
■ the ruins, hut none Is !"ft.
Barranquitas is a mass of ruina.
Thirteen persons wore killed there.
At Mayaguea the conditions are no
Vessels went aground, but there
was no loss of life.
Governor <leneral Davis has sent out
a thousand soldiers to aid post com
manders in the relief of the suffering.
PEOPLE OF PONCE
BURYING THEIR DEAD
PONCE, Porto Rico. Aug. 13.—Al
though the disasters which followed the
hurricane have not been overesti
mated, the people are hopeful and en
ring to make the best of the situ
ation. Dead bodies are buried where
they are found.
Food suppli-s are b r -ing distributed
and repairs to bridges and roads are
being pushed forward under military
supervision, with payments to work
men daily.
It is gathered from interviews with
merchants and planters, some of whom
owe European houses, that there will
be numerous failures.
The steamer Australia, with cargo.
v is wrecked during the hurricane off
Arroyo on the southeast coast, and tho
Vasco off Arecibo, on the north coast.
HURRICANE SEEMS
TO BE DECREASING
WASHINGTON, Aug. 13.— The West
Tndian hurricane appears to be gradu
ally decreasing in strength, and the
chances are that it will spend itself be
fore making much further progress.
This is the welcome news given out by
the ofiieials of the weather bureau to
night. It is based on the fact that there
has not been any decided fall in the
barometer In the localities that should
feel its effect, and by the presence of
an area of high pressure in the north
ern part of the United States which
tends to keep the storm from continu
ing on its onward march. The move
ment of the hurricane is apparently
very slow, and even at Jacksonville the
velocity of the wind this morning was
but twenty-one miles an hour. The
opinion of the officials is that by the
time Charleston is reached there will be
no more than an ordinary blow. Wil
mington. N. C, and Norfolk have taken
down their hurricane signals. The
storm now appears to he on the east
coast of Florida, and the latest reports
from Jupiter, dated at 4 o'clock this
morning, indicate a pretty severe blow
at that place. It is now south of Jack
sonville, indicating' a slow northward
movement since last night. The bureau
has had no wire reports south of Titus
ville, Fla.. some distance below Jack
sonville, sine.- last night, and nothing
from Nassau, Bahama Islands, since
Friday afternoon.
DROWNED IN A WRECK.
Five Lives Lost by the Sinking of a
French Vessel.
LONDON. Aug. 13.— Tho French schoo
-1 ncr Pauoboto was sunk in collision to-day
off Lofestoff by the Bteam< r Herculqs, and
live persons were drowned. The sti
rescued the remainder of the. crew.
Not Murderer Dunham.
RAN JOSE, Aug. V,.— Sheriff Langford to
day received a dispatch from Thief of De
tectives Sullivan of Louisville, Ky.. say
ing that the identity of C. F. Netterfio'ld
had been established and that he was
well known in Warren, Ohio. This settles
the fact that he is not murderer Dun
ham, as the latter was born and raised
in. this county.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, AUGUST 14, 1899.
MAITRE LABORI OF
DREYFUS COUNSEL
SHOT FROM AMBUSH
jr^ENNES, Aug. 14.— Two
jf\ men ambushed Maitre La
bori, counsel for Dreyfus,
and one shot was fired. Jutting La
bori in the back. M. Labori fell in
the roadway. He is still alive.
Maitre Labori left his house
alone for the court at about 6 o'clock
this morning. His residence is sit
uated in the suburbs of the town,
about a quarter of an hour's walk
from the Lycec, the route being
along a solitary road beside the
river I 'Maine.
He had reached a point half way
on his journey when two men, who
had evidently been lying in wait\
for him, rushed out of a narrow
lane, and one of them tired a single
shot from a revolver. The assas
sins were oidy a couple of yards
\ behind their victim, and the bullet
struck Mai f re Labori in the back.
The wounded man uttered an agon
icing cry and fell Hat on his face.
The assassins immediately fled
through the lane from which they 1
had emerged and both escaped.
At 7:10 o'clock it was announced
, that the bullet had entered the stom
ach; that there zvas no outward
bleeding and that the physicians be- \
licve that M. Labori zvill die from \
: the wound.
Only two or throe laborers coins to
work witnessed the shooting of Maitre
Labori. The Bpot was well chosen, as
the murderers could not be seen by M.
Labori until they rushed out upon their
victim, the entrance to the lane being
hidden by bushes. Moreover, they were
afforded an easy means of escape by
passing back through the lane which
led to the country. One of the laborers.
! named Patoux, who witnessed the ;
shooting 1 , said :
"As I was passing along the road I
I saw a tall man walking quickly in the!
direction of Rennes. He warn >>n the i
towing path qf the Vilaine. He was at
tired in a dark lounge suit and wore
a bowler hat. It was just as he
' reached the bridge crossing a stream
falling into the Vilaine thai two men.
about medium height and wearing dark
: suits and round, soft felt hats, emerged
from a rural path entering the main
1 road, one of them carried a heavy
! stick. They approached M. Labori from
behind. Suddenly one drew a revolver '
and fired point blank at Labori. He i
Three Important Characters Involved in the Dreyfus
Case.
Colonel Schwarzkoppen was in 1894 the German military attache at
Paris, from whose waste basket the famous bordereau was claimed to have
been taken. Count Panizzardi was the Italian military attache, to whom
this "loyal" letter waft said to have been addressed by Schwarzkoppen.
Colonel Maurel was president of th« court-martial which convicted Dreyfua
in 1594 and to whom General Mercier hinded secret documents to be shown
to the members of tha court in private.
MAITRE LABORI, COUNSEL FOR DREYFUS, SHOT AT (
RENNES. >
was so near rh.u it . is crate* imros-
Bible for him to miss.
"A sharp report was heard and M.
Lahori threw up his arms and fell flat
upon his face. I and one or two others
saw the deed, ran up, but the mur
derers had vanished down the lane.
Help was immediately sent for and the
gendarmes quickly arrived, and soon
afterward lime. Labor)."
RENXES, Aug. 13. — To-morrow's ses
sion of the Dreyfus court-martial is
awaited with the greatest anxiety and
I expectation, in view of the confronta
i tion of Mercier by Casimir-Perier, when
the former will virtually be in the pris
oner's dock. A dramatic scene is inev
itable.
It is understood that an even more
thrilling incident than that which
ended yesterday's session was expected
by the counsel of Dreyfus and would
have occurred but for General Mer
cier's prudence. Dreyfus intended and
had actually declared his determination
to slap Mercier's face before the whole
court if he brought up the story of th
relations of Dreyfus with Mme. 8.,
whom some newspapers have asserted
acted as a go-between for Dreyfus and
the attache to whom he is alleged to
have made treasonable revelations.
General -Mercier abstained from ref
erence to the story, but despite this the
people in the court thought for a mo
ment that Dreyfus was about to strike
Mercier, until a captain of gendarmes
took him gently by the arm and pushed
him hack into his seat.
The Petit Journal and some other
papers, including: those published here,
accused the foreign press men present
in the court of being the authors of the
demonstration against Mercier when he
left the court. The accusation is ridic
ulous and was prompted by the obvious
desire of the anti-revisionists to ex
clude foreign newspaper men from
what they maintain is purely a French
matter. It was even stated that meas
ures would be taken against the for
eign correspondents. About sixty of the
latter met this evening to protest
against the charge. During the course
.>f the proceedings, Mme. Severine, the
i famous woman journalist, came on be
half of the committee of the French ju
diciary press, who had just held a
meeting on the subject and communi
cated the fact that no measures against
the foreign press would be taken or
were contemplated and that, should the
press be excluded from the courtroom.
French newspaper men would be treated
exactly the same as foreigners. The
meeting thereupon decided to treat the
Continued on Second Pago.
SAN MATEO IS TAKEN
BY AMERICAN TROOPS
Lively Fighting Within Ten Miles
of Manila, in Which Twenty-
Five Filipinos Are Killed.
, Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANILA, Aug. 13.— A recon
noisance yesterday by troops
of General B. M. Young's bri
gade, with the object of dis
covering the whereabouts of
the enemy near San Mateo, northwest
of the San Juan reservoir, about ten
miles from Manila, resulted in the
occupation of San Mateo.
The American loss was three killed
and thirteen wounded, including a
lieutenant of the Twenty-first Infan
try. Twenty-five of the enemy are
known to have been killed.
The Americans approached S;in Ma
teo in three nilumns. Major Cronin,
with fifteen men of the Twenty-fifth
Infantry, advanced from Novatiches,
five miles west of San Mateo. Cap
tain Rivers, with 100 men of the
Fourth Cavalry, and Captain Parker,
formerly lieutenant colonel of the
Twelfth New York Volunteer Regi
ment, with 2SO men of the Twenty
first and Twenty-fourth Infantry and
the Fourth Cavalry, .approached in
two columns from the south.
Major Cronin experienced many dif
ficulties arising from the condition of
the country and failed to effect a
junction with Captain Rivers, west of
San Mateo. as had been planned.
Captain Rivers, advancing, took an
outpost of the enemy, two miles
BATES YET NEGOTIATES
WITH THE SULU SULTAN
' i Special Cable to The Call and the New York
■ Herald! Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
) don Bennett.
ILOILO. Philippine Islands. Aug. 13.—
J I have just returned to Iloilo after a
' l trip to Jolo, Mindanao and Cebu. Gen-
Meral Bates is still negotiating for a
' treaty with the Sultan of the Sulu
' Islands. The Sultan is as yet unwilling
;; to accept the terms offered by the
" '<■ Americans. He says that the Spaniards
) misrepresented to the world the nature
- ! of the treaty which he made with them,
) ; and he wishes to limit the Americans
to the occupation of the town of Jolo
i alone He claims the island of Siassi
and the town as his own. The Sultan
' '> seems not to have the support of his
-! chiefs, many of whom express friendly
i : sentiments toward the Americans. Yo
- kanine. the most powerful chief in the
- Sulu Islands, said in an Interview that
he was willing to force the Sultan to
i terms if he refused the American pr.op
l ositions. All th* chiefs complain of the
1 bad treatment the Sultan has given
I them. _.
. I The Chinese population oi Siassi,
I which was formerly held by the Span
, iards. but was given over by them to
' the Sultan-s men. are being squeezed
• financially by a duty of 5 per cent on
! exports and imports. In an interview
• the Chiese said it would be a most ex
-1 cellent change if the Americans were
1 substituted for their present rulers. The
1 : Sultan's Hag is now floating over
' Siassi The Sultan recently added
■ ! eighty rifles and a large store of am
' munition to his previous stock of three
hundred rifles.
1 A war between the controlling chiefs
1 ' among the Moros is more likely than is
a war with the Americans, provided we
do not interfere with their religion and
customs.
For the first time in its history white
people can travel about Sulu Island and
! among the Moros safely. 1 crossed the
island without a guard, through a wild
country to interview the Sultan at
; Maibun. He received me with courtecy
and gave me this signed statement:
"This certifies that his Highness Sul
tan Hadgi Mohamad Womolol Kiram.
is like a brother to the nation of Amer
icans and wants to know if they are
the same to him."
General Bates has shown great skill
in conciliating the native chiefs. Moro
chiefs of the island of Mindanao do not
! acknowledge allegiance to the Sultan of
Sulu. Dato, the chief mandi of Min
danao, came to visit Genera! Bates in
Jolo to assure him of his friendliness
toward the Americans.
On my trip to Mindanao T found the
'[ Moros friendly, but the towns of Zam
goango and Mercedes are held by insur
gents. They number 500 men and are
armed with rifles under their leader,
Alvarez, who stated to the commander
of the Castlne that he desired to be
neutral until the difficulty with Agui
naldo in Luzon was settled. If the lat
ter were beaten he would surrender.
In Tebu the insurgents still hold th<Mr
strong positions in th^ mountains. The
majority of the population do not want
to fight, but are hostile in spirit. A
native servant of an American officer
was caught by the insurgents and
! branded on the forehead with the word
"traitor."
In the case of Iloilo the insurgents
are intrenched about the nearby towns
Jaro and Molo. The rainy season pre
vents an active campaign, but consider
able fighting may be expected in the
fall. The rich natives have not returned
to their homes.
The island of Xegros is still unsettled.
General Hughes has sent extra troops
to suppress the uprising. The richer
class of natives are gradually return
ing to their homes.
TRICKY FILIPINOS
WITH FLAG OF TRUCE
MANILA. Aug. 14.— While the Seven
teenth Infantry, during last Tuesdays
battle, was approaching Oalulut along
the road, the troops saw a group of
fifty Filipinos outside the town under a
flag of truce. Some, who were in white.
clothing, held up their hands to signify
that they were unarmed.
Captain Hart, with a detachment, ad
vanced cautiously to a point within 200
yards of them, when the Filipinos
picked up their guns and fired a volley.
The Americans dropped into the bushes
unhurt on the first movement and re
turned the fire. At this the Filipinos
ran off.
Word has been received from Lieu
tenant J. C. Gilmore of the United
States gunboat Yorktown. who, with
fourteen members of the crew of the
PRICE FIY^E CENTS.
southwest of Fan Mateo. He then en
countered strong resistance among
the hills, the enemy firing from excel
lent positions. Having failed to con
nect with Major Cronin and seeing
that the town was already occupied
by rlie- Americans, Captain Rivers
withdrew, covering his withdrawal
by a heavy volley. He lost a sergeant
killed.
Captain Parker, on advancing,
found the enemy strongly intrenched
on the far side of some rice fields,
about a mile wide, and covered with
de< p mud. Pushing forward rapidly,
he routed the Filipinos, after forty
minutes' fighting, and then continued
the march upon San Mateo, which he
entered without serious resistance
;iliout half-past 1 in the afternoon.
.Major Cronin entered the town
about half past 4. The Americans
still occupy the place. The American
troops were exhausted by the heavy
marching.
This is the first action in which
Colonel Burt's colored troops have
participated. They behaved well,
their leadt s having difficulty in hold
ing them back.
< reneral Young accompanied Cap
tain Parker's column and was under
fire throughout the engagement. It
is estimated that the enemy number
ed between SOO and 400 men.
gunboat, was captured by the lnsur«
gents last April near Baler on the east
• of Luzon. The message, which
comes through Spanish prisoners, is to
the effect that the officer and his men
are at Vigan, in the province of South
[locos, on the west coast of Luzon. All
but two arc well. Lieutenant Gilmore.
is allowed a house and a servant and
is fairly treated.
INSURGENTS HAVE
TAKEN THE AGGRESSIVE
MANILA, Aup:. 13.— The insurgents
have taken the apprressive in the neigh
borhood of the railroad. On Saturday
nipht they unsuccessfully attacked San
Luis, on the Rio Grande, near Calum
pit, vhieh is garrisoned by two compa
nies of the Twenty-second Infantry.
The Americans had one man, a ser
geant, killed, and two privates wound
ed. Yesterday morning a similar affair
took place at Gringua, four miles west
of Malolos, where another small garri
son is stationed as a safeguard against
a possible attack upon the railway. A
special train took reinforcements to
Malolos and Guiganto, just north of
Bulacan.
ENSIGN M'FARLAND'S
WORK APPRECIATE
WASHINGTON, Aug. 13.— Following is
the text of Commander Sperry's report,
reciting the expli Its <>f Ensipn H. C. Mc-
Farland in the vicinity of Manila:
V. S. S. YORKTOWN,
[LOILO, P. 1., June 12. ISM.
Sir: The gunboat Samar, Ensign H. O. Mac-
Farland. U. S. X.. commanding, which sailed
from this port on the 3d ins-t., returned on the
9th, requiring coal, for which she appear* to
carry about six days' supply for active cruis
ing, with frequent chasing.
The Saipar passed alons the west coast of
Panay three times, visited Catalog, on the isl
and Tablaa, once, Romblon three, times, the
north coast of Sibuyan once, Caplz on Panay
twice, passed along the north coast of Panay
and returned to lloilo from the north, having
made a complete circuit of Panay close along
shore.
Inclosed herewith is a copy of the command
iner officer's report from the capture of thirteen
vessels, all but raie of which was destroyed.
Tl-.' • ver active the trade may have been on the
west coast of J'anay formerly, I am of the
opinion that the insurgents are mainly occu
pied In throwing troops into Negros and Leyte
from Southwest Luzon and Panay, and General
Hushes is of the «ame opinion.
With tlm Intention of breaking up this traffic
the Bamar has heen sent out with the cruising
orders communicated to you in my cipher tele
gram of the 12th inst.
The manner in which Knsipn MacFarland ex
ercises his command is extremely satisfactory,
if,-, js ready, energetic, and makes ho requests
except for coal and water. His very desirable
the Springfields telegraphed for should be
shipped at once for the Samar's Xordenfeldts.
but in the meantime Ensign MacFarland has
made what he reports as satisfactory tempor
ary arrangements, and he appears to have a
genius for making thincs work.
OTIS' LATEST LIST
OF CASUALTIES
WASHINGTON, Aug. 13.— General Otis
reports the following: additional casual
ties:
Killed— August 3. Thirty-sixth Infantry.
near San Fernando. Corporttis Louis .).
Wagner and Andrew Wilson.
Wounded— Seventeenth infantry. <"om
pany D, Nfchoias Nil an, chest, very Be
vere; John .T. Woods, forearm, moderate;
Celestine Boline, elbow, severe; Company
Q, .Tulm Hamel, arm. severe; Company
11. Edward Woods, thigh, severe: John
Wraymonrt, thigh, slight. Twelfth In
fantry. Company H, Corporal Albert
Beryow. shoulder, Flight.
Fifty-first lowa Infantry, Company C,
Peter J. Hariff, chest, severe.
Thirty-sixth Infantry. Major John
'Hugh Braden, knee, slight: Company D.
Captain Robert B. Obernly, forearm,
slight: Company C, Matthew E. Harm,
arm, severe; Company D, James F. Hiu
gins, thigh, slight; Company M: Michael
McCarthy, knee, slight; John Ray. knee.
slight. Twenty-fourth Infantry at Pe
posito, Company B, Corporal L. B. Price,
font, moderate. Eleventh, Fourth In
fantry, near Novalleta, Company B, Clem
Wonghtel, leg, slight.
AGRARIAN RIOTERS ON
TRIAL IN GUADELOUPE
They Are Charged With Wrecking a
Plantation and Attacking Three
Englishmen.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, Aug. 13.— A dis
patch from the island of Guadeloupe re
ports a trial there of the ringleaders of
an agrarian riot involving " c wrecking of
a plantation and a murderous attack on
three Englishmen by 600 men, in which
the correctional tribunal attributed the
outrage to "the prevailing unwholesome
excitement fomented by socialistic propa
ganda."
Dutch Steamer Wrecked.
CARACAS. Venezuela. Aug. 13.— 1t In re
ported here that the Dutch steamer Prince
AVilhelm V has been wrecked off the coast
of Demerara.2
BRUTALLY BEATEN AND
DRAGGED IN THE RIVER
Henry Henson, Witness in a Water-Right
Case, Set Upon by a Band of
Whitecaps.
9 ANACONDA, Mont, Aug. 13.— News has just been received of a £
'!_ whitecap outrage at Chateau, In Northern Montana, in which George £
X Henscm was taken from his. bed last night, severely beaten and dragged £
$ at the end of a rope in the Milk River. Henson was a witness ,in a &
I water right case which had assumed large proportions in the county X
■I. and involved considerable money. . <•>
v The night before the trial seven men disguised as whitecaps vis- &■
£ ited Henson's home, gagged him and then beat him until he could £
-•; hardly stand. After th.it a rope was tied to his waist and he was <♦■
*? thrown into the river and dragged about until nearly drowned. He V
X was then forced to promise that he would"" leave the country imme- £
~; tely. The officers are investigating the case, and men of considerable ■£
■£ prominence and wealth are aid to be involved in the affair. £,
* . . : . . . c . . <: . . © . a . a . -•:..■:.• .;> -a• a ■ ■:- • •:• ••:••<:•• o ■ <:• •o•o•o■o •c-•«> • ©
MAITRE LABORI OF
DREYFUS' COUNCIL
SHOT FROM AMBUSH
Cuntinut-J from Firs
attack of a certain section of the
French press with silent contempt.
BATTLE OF HOSTILE
FORCES OF FRANCE
Copyrights, ISM, by the Associated Press. !
RENNES, Aug. 13.— The battle has i
begun in earnest. Its political bearings j
nre shown in the arrest of Paul Derou- j
lecie, the Deputy and poet, and twenty- i
three of the numerous Royalists and
Bonapartist allies, who have pooled}
with him against the republic. As In j
the Bou.langist conspiracy, the pool ;
would be of little consequence but for j
the military caste, which has found
representative men in General de Ne
grier and some other generals having
great comma i
It is a strange thing how the fight \
thickened around the shadowy and j
emaciated red-haired Jew, whose uni- i
form of an artillery captain so ill fits J
and befits his figure and physiognomy. j
Last Monday's sitting of the court- |
martial and the subsequent non-public i
sittings were the first skirmishing I
operations, but yesterday was a field j
day in which the hostile forces, into
which France is divided and has been |
since the .revolution, set. themselves, in j
array of battle and drew the first blood, j
Each side stands committed to a cer
tain course and has burned its ships. |
The actual Dreyfus trial is a trial of j
strength. I cannot, see a possibility of j
its ending in a drawn game. It is now
a "neck or nothing" combat, a desper
ate fight in which neither side will give I
in unless utterly routed.
The moral situation of the forces en
gaged reminds one of that of the armies
of the French revolution and those they
had to fight. The Dreyfusites view the
brains, the forward impulse, the dash
and the flexibility. At the same time
they are raw recruits gathered sponta
neously from the four points of the
compass. Hatred of the military caste
and may be the secret hoi of re
wards have made them homogeneous.
The Nationalists have social and
other prestige, numbers and organiza
tion. Their center is composed of the
majority of Frenchmen and French
women; their left wing is formed of 22,
--000 officers and their right wing con
sists of the church. All profess re
spect for legality, but only from the lips j
out. One side is just as unscrupulous
as the other, but the most active and
less numerous side does really fight for
the cause of humanity, justice and ]
truth. The Dreyfusites have, at any |
rate, won belligerent rights and they j
are sure of the friendly neutrality of
the Government.
Their adversaries can no longer make j
use of the rope that hung Pickard, or
the razor that cut Henry's throat. The j
Minister of War could not, if he wanted
to, read a forged document in parlia
ment. It is Impossible now to stuff the
dossier with fables n't for Mother Goose
tales. Rut organization, numbers, pres
tige and wealth mean staying powers.
Doubtless the Dreyfusites are sup
plied with Jewish funds, without ac
cepting M. de Freyclnet'a estimate of j
29,000,000 francs. The ims subscribed
by English and Gorman Jmv§ must be
enormous, but like wealthy ' Gentile?,
the Jews are fund ■■<- the-, pomps and
vanities of life, the titles of aristocratic
society. Many of them are frightened
already at the onward pace of the
3 >reyfusit< General Mercier's deposi
tion was inaudible, unless to the
Judges and shorthand reporters. It fell !
flat, his voice and delivery being bad.
But we have it now in print, it has;
qualities for which we did not give it
credit during delivery. They are easy,
flowing statements, showing plausibil- '
ity and the art of lulling suspicion. As
the deposition appears in full reports i
it will everywhere be read with delight
by those already persuaded that Drey
fus i.- a traitor. They will not gee what i
was Pecksnifflan, what was feline per
fidy, figuratively speaking. The depo
sition, which was really an argument
for the. prosecution, shows Mercier to
be a flautist of the highest order. He
never loses his way in the most intri
cate variations and keeps in view that
Dreyfus is a cool, calculating, well-in
formed traitor. /.
■ The immediate issue of Hie fight is
the freedom of Dreyfus, but yesterday's
incidents and. episodes are the begin
ning of a struggle of a far-reaching
No other soap in
the world is used so
much ; or so little of
it goes so far.
! consequence. I must give the Nation
credit for having, from th-> very
beginning", foreseen what the revision
: would lead to. They in many things
showed blindness. They accepted the
1 madman. Quesnay de Beaurepaire, as
their spokesman. Hut they had a keen
I instinct for the ultimate trend of the
revisionist movement.
Dreyfus is generally unfortunate in
the use of the pen. He lacks artistic
sensibilities and cannot disassociate
: himself from his ego to enter the feel
ings of others. One sees this harsh
egotism in his correspondence with his
wife. lie was never more unfortunate
, than in the letter complaining that M.
Casimir-Perier did not keep a promise
.to him. It ox-asperated Casimir-Perier,
who treated as a foul libel the asser
tion that he. as President of the re
public, entered into a pact with an offi
cer accused (1 f treason. Casimir-Perier
has a habit of thinking morbidly. He
has tak^n deep offense at several asser
tions nf Mercier and will try conclu
sions with him to-morrow. We •
fur to fly — in Casimir-Perier's t case,
ne; In Mercier's, feline.
C Countess Marie yon Mun
s letters in the secret dossier were
to Mile. Lucie Faure. They may 1> •
forgeries. I cannot imagine that she
gave them to the Minister of War as
E that the family of the German
Embaesador took an interest in Drey
fus.
The Schwarzkoppen letter, speaking
of the impetuous Intervention in the;
affair of the German Emperor for rea
unknown even to Hohenlohe, is
believed to be genuine. In this connec- j
tion ii is Bald In military circles that a
lady in whom Emperor William took a
deep interest has fished out for him '.
Dreyfus as a person competent to In
form his Majesty on French military j
questions. This lady, it is said, was a
relative of the late Jacques Saint Cere
of the Figaro, who was condemned to ;
! thirteen months' imprisonment for
blackmailing the late millionaire, Max
!.• baudy. He came to Paris a pictorial ■
artist, as the story goes, and exhibited ■
in the Salon. .There was such a lady. ,
but T would be sorry to declare her the
mistress of "the German .Emperor- and !
the temptress of Dreyfus. What the
rs say about her may be another i
lie, which should be nailed to the coun
ter. Military credulity is boundless.
EMILY CRAWFORD.
GERMANS RIDICULE
MERCER'S STATEMENT
BERLIN, Aug. 13.— The statements of ;
General Mercier before the court-mar
tial at Rennes yesterday regarding the
imminence of war between Germany
and France excites only ridicule here, j
The general opinion is that the former i
War Minister ought now to be judged
from a pathological view-point.
The semi-official newspapers declare
that there never was any idea of war |
and that even had Count yon Minister,
the German Embassador in Paris, been
recalled a Chafge d'Affaires would have
been left to carry on the embassy busi- i
PLANS MADE FOR A
SENSATIONAL ARREST
LONDON, Aug. 13. — The correspond
ent of the Times at Kennes says strict
orders have been given to the local po
lice and special commissary men to
hold themselves in readiness, and on
the slightest provocation effect an ar
which will he more sensational
than any yet chronicled.
DUEL TO THE DEATH
ON A DALLAS STREET
Two Men Fight With Revolvers as
Weapons and Both Receive
Mortal Wounds.
DALLAS, Tex., Aug. 13.— A sensational
duel to the death occurred here to-day
between Policeman A. H. Rawlinga and
Charles A. Daniels. Revolvers were the
weapons, the distance three paces and
both of the principals are dead. Eight or
nine shots were lircd, and plate glass win
dows for blocks around were shattered.
Rawlinga lived ten minutes ami Daniels
iur. The former was shot three times
and the lattar once. Rawlinga was under
. • fluence of liquor at the time, and. a
I was trying to induce him to go
florae when Daniels cro . ■ : the Btreet and
sat down in front of a drug store.
Rawlings pointed his finger at Daniels
and applied an ep'ithel to him. This '.>;:.s
times before Danials got
up from his chair and approached. Not
a half dozen words were spoken before
the shooting began.
Lumber Yard iJumed.
RED- BLUFF, auk. 13. — Telephone re
ports from Lyonsville Xiv« news of the
destruction of th>- lumber yard th<-re this
morning. The fire started near the rear
■ : . Champion mill, and the entire
yard was destroyed. The. mill and huiiii
sa*ve<r. The property belongs
to the Sierra Lumber Company, of which
ii ;. r Dean of San Francisco is president
Superintendent Ransom was absent from
town. There were two or three million
f. tt of lumber in the yard. The sash, door
and liux factory of Red Bluff was largely
supplied from the Champion mill. The lire
will probably cripple local operations.
Swiss to Celebrate.
SAN RAFAEL. Aug. 13.— The Olema
Swiss Club is making extensive prepara
tions for the celebration of the anniver
sary of Switzerland's independence on
September 17. a basket picnic, a pro
gramme of musical and literary exer
cises and a dance at the large pavilion
In Bear Valley will form the principal
features of the day. In the evening a
ball will be given at the Druids' Hall in
<Hi ma The officers of the club are:
President, A. Bulletti; vice president; Jo
seph Martella: treasurer, A. Martlnelli;
secretary, D. Cavilli. The committee on
arrangements Is composed of Messrs.
Gambonr. Complll and Ressili. -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, 31ONDAY, AUGUST 14, 1599.
THE SHERMAN'S COURSE FROM YOKOHAMA TO SAN FRANCISCO.
THE transport Sherman is now beginning to make an impression upon the miles of ocean that separate her from
San Francisco. At noon yesterday (San Francisco time) she had covered about 1365 nautical miles and should,
therefore be in the neighborhood of 3298 knots from this port. .
Cantain Barneson. superintendent of the transport service, said y«iterday that he did not look for the
Sherman before the 25th inst. "She will average about 295 knots each twenty-four hours," said he, '^d reckon
ing that she left Yokohama at noon on the 9th she will not be very far from the Farallones at noon on the 25th mst.
J t' McMillan United States imutlcal expert, figures that at noon yesterday (San Francisco time) the Sherman
was in'latitude 39 degrees 40 minutci north, longitude 166 degrees 50 minutes east, and was, therefore. 3298 nautical
map showing the course of the transport is on exhibition in the window on the Market
street Bide of the business office of The Call. The map is attracting a great deal of attention, and crowds are gath
ered about the window to view it from early morning till late at night.
ANTI-SEMITES
UNDER ARREST
Demonstration Stopped
by Police.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, Aug. 13. — Demonstrations oc
curred this evening outside the offices
of the Anti-Semite League, where Jules
Guerin, president of the league, and-
Max Regis,, the. former Jew-baiting
j Mayor of Algiers, for whom orders of
arrest were issued yesterday on a
charge of conspiring to bring about a
change of " Government, : are still be
sieged by the police.
Fifty anti-Semites took up a position
opposite and M. Guerin harangued
them from a window. Finally the po
i lice closed the thoroughfare to prevent I
the demonstration becoming serious.
In the course of the evening M. God
frey, president of the committee of the
Jeunnesse Royalists, was arrested and
a dispatch from Saint Lee, capital of
the Department of Manche, announces
the arrest of M. Le Meunet, secretary
of the League of Patriots.
It appears that the report of the ar
rest of M. Mariel Habert, member of
{ the Chamber of Deputies for Etam
! bouillet, and a high official of the
I League of Patriots, was incorrect. He
is still at large. Out of thirty-seven
warrants issued, some twenty-five have
been executed.
M. Denys Cochin, monarchist and
: one of the deputies for the Seine de
partment, has written to the Premier,
M. Waldeek-Rousseau, announcing his
intention to interpellate, when Parlia
ment reassembles, regarding its gen
era! policy.
Those already arrested include:
Tonne de Sabran Pontes, Comte Chev
ally M. de Monicourt, secretary of the
Jeunnesse Royalists, • and M. <le ■
I Frechencourt, vice-president of the I
Oeillet Blanc, or white carnation soci- j
ety = ' ■ •' !
(■(.int.- Chevilly was a former friend of
the omte de Paris and is now a fervent
partisan of the Due d'Orleans. The situa
tion is believed to be less dangerous than
is pretended. The arrests serve to turn
attention from the Dreyfus affair, while
the seizure of the papers may enable the
Government to make further examples
j among the superior officers of the army.
A reporter of the Temps, who obtained
admission to the offices of the Anti-
Semite League; found the place a verit
able fortress. The grand hall contained
twenty Winchester repeating rifles and
plenty of ammunition, revolvers and :
• sidearms. __ ______—— —
IOWA DEMOCRATS MAY
CHOOSE H. H. BASHOR
Politicians Are at Sea Regarding
the Ticket and State
Platform.
DKS MOINF.S. Aug. Kl.-Kveryhody is
at sea regarding the ticket and platform
of the Democratic State convention which
hi re on Wednesday. Only the head
of the ticket has been talked of as yet,
and for it three names are mentioned as
candidates. Rev. EL If. Bashor of Wa
terloo is at present the favorite, as lie is
known to be right on the 16 to 1 Bide of
the silver n,uesti(>n. Cato Bella of \ niton,
who will be temporary chairman, is also
being pushed by his friends for Governor,
but he does not want it, and the tone <>f
his speech will have much to do with his
success as a candidate, as no one knows
Just exactly what his views will be.
Judge M. J. Wade of lowa City has
also been brought oui In the last few
days as a gubernatorial candidate, but
apparently has little ichance of su<
as his position on the main issue is
doubtful. For the rest of the ticket ab
ely no names have been mentioned.
believed the Chicago platform and
Brvan will be Indorsed, but not unani
mously, as there will Vie several contest
ing delegations from various counties,
and both aides will make a fight for the
ascendency. The platform will be anti-
Imperialist and anti-trust. There are no
State Issues on which to make a success
ampalgn.
Hon w. J. Bryan will speak hr-re Tues
day evening, when all the delegates are
. \\,< >■;■ d to be in the city.
— ■*-
CALIFORNIAN SLAIN
BY ALASKAN INDIANS
L. W. Martis of Santa Rosa Falls a
Victim to Murderous Kotzebue
Natives.
SEATTLE, Aujr. 13.— The Indians of the
I Kotzebue country; in Alaska, have been
gnilty of several atrocious crimes r.'<-.-nt
l . y according t" Hugh Kennedy, who re
: turned to-day on the schooner Townsend.
1.. W. Martis of Santa. Rosa is supposed
to have been their first victim. Hi- heard
the reports <>f gold on Noatak River, and
w< nt there with one of the two Pickering
b rot in rs from Kentucky.
Pickering returned and said Martis wan
dered off:and probably had been mur
dered by tl>" natives, as he had $1400.
Pickering and an Indian searched for
Martis and found only his pistol and com-
Kennedy Bays that later \n the season
both "f the Pickerings were killed. Two
other murders are credited t<> tin natives,
xh<- victims being "Diamond Dick" and O.
Austenberg.
Charles Booker, said to be from San
Francisco, was found hanging by the neck
:in his cabin on Kobuk River, lie had
i committed suicide.
• Convicts Armed With Knives.
SAN QUENTJN PRISON, Aim. i::.-Th?
rule adopted by the Board of State Prison
Directors consigning every convict found
with a weapon on his person or in his
cell to the incorrigible ward is proving
almost worthless. Yesterday "Jeff"
White, serving an eight-year sentence for
grand larceny committed in San Francis
co, was searched and found to carry a
knife with an eiffhteen-inch blade. It is
said ten such knives are carried by other
prisoners.
Troop X at Seattle.
SEATTLE, Aug. 13.— Troop X, Third
Cavalry, arrived tt)-night under command
of Captain Hunter.
VOLKSRAAD IS
OPPOSED TO WAR
KrugrerHeld Responsible
for the Crisis.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
.LONDON, Aug. 14.— The Johannesburg
correspondent of the Dally Mail says:
I "The Government, is awaiting the ap
; proval of the Orange Free State and the
Cape Colony Ministry before replying to
| the proposal of Mr. Chamberlain to sub
| mit the franchise controversy to a joint
commission of inquiry. I am in a position
to assert, that the first draft of the Trans
vaal's answer was a refusal. The Second
was an acceptance, conditional on the in
dependence of the South African republic
not being impugned.
"This dependence on Bloemfontein and
the Dutch Cabinet at Cape Town is proof
of the chaos reigning in Pretoria. The
leading members of the Raad are opposed
to war and accuse President Kruger of
being responsible for the crisis. More than
this, despite the war preparations, the
Transvaal generally is averse to a con
flict."
The Cape Town correspondent of the
Daily Chronicle says: "I am convinced
that the first shot fired in the Transvaal
would be the signal for a general native
rising. The imperial Government, I can
assert positively, has been warned ac
cordingly and is postponing the enforce
ment of the new Basuto hut tax.
ARRANGEMENTS FOR
TRANSPORTING TROOPS
JOHANNESBURG, Aug. 13.— The Trans
vaal Government, it is reported, has pro
visionally arranged with the Netherlands
South African Railroad Company for
mobilization on the shortest notice if re
quired. -'■ Immense stores of provisions
and war material have been collected at
Pretoria.' It is reported that orders have
been issued to mobilize the artillery re
serve. :■'■■-■
It is alleged from Boer sources that the
Government proposes to introduce a pass
port law aiming to prevent outlandera
from leaving the country without per
mission in the event of war.
AFRIKANERS FAVOR
CHAMBERLAIN'S PROPOSAL
CAPE T«i\VN. Aug. 13.— A meeting of
prominent Afrikaner leaders to-day advo
cated acceptance by the Transvaal Gov
: eminent of Mr. Chamberlain's joint com
mission proposal. According to a dispatch
from Durban, Natal, the Liverpool regi
■ ment, which recently left here, will he
."•■lit to form a camp at Lalngs Neck. The
i Portuguese have detained the Bteamer
R< Ichstag, from Hamburg June 23. at Del
agoa Hay. She has on board 15,000 rifles
j and other war material consigned to the
I Transvaal Government.
ADDITIONAL SOLDIERS
FOR THE TRANSVAAL
LONDON, Auk. 14.— The Times this
1 morning in ;i special article on the Trans
vaal situation says: In the event of war,
in addition to 12,000 troops from India,
30,000 will bo sent from England, making
j the total British force 65,000.
It would be idle to ignore the fact that
should we unwillingly be driven to ob
tain by force that which justice should
| accord, an entirely mw South African
| situation will have been created.
♦
EXCITEMENT OVER THE
COMMANDERING DECISION
LONDON", Auk. 14.— The Johrmncsborg
correspondent <<f the. Time* says: The
Germans and Americana are especially
excited over the new commandering de
cision. Many who had retained a linger
j ing sympathy with the Transvaal
Government are now alienated because
j of this measure.
STRIKE OF SMELTER
EMPLOYES IS ENDED
Defection of American Members of
the Union Causes the Men's
Defeat.
DENVER, Aug. 13.— The strike of the
employes of the American Smelting and
Refining Company's plants in Colorado
was declared off at a meeting of the
■ Smeltermen's Union in this citiy. The
action was taken upon the recommenda
tion of the executive committee of the
strlkei -
The resolutions adopted to-night on the
recommendations made by the executive
committee, make note of the fact that the
decision to call off the strike wan due to
the defection of the American members
of the union, the foreigners having all
along stood out for a continuance of the
lockout. The resolutions also advise all
the men who went out fifty-nine days
ago, when the strike was di dared, to re
turn tn work as soon as they are offered
their old positions.
Jt is thought now that It is but a ques
tion nf a short time until all the plants of
the American Smelting and Refining Com
pany in Colorado will be going at full
blast.
— »
DR. FINCKE DEAD.
Had Charge of a Department in the
Paris Exposition.
CHICAGO, Aug. 13.— Dr. F. H. Fincke of
Baltimore, a member of Commissioner
General Peck's staff, died here to-day of
heart failure. Dr. Kincke had been as
signed to duty as an expert in medicine,
surgery, dentistry and chemistry in the
department of liberal arts and chemical
industries at the Paris Exposition.
Beveridge in Good Health.
BANFF. X. \v. T.. Auk. 13.— The friends
of Senator Beveridgt of Indiana, who is
taking the waters in the Canadian Na
tional Park, are crowding him with dis
patches of. inquiry concerning his health.
To all tha Senator has answered that he
is well. j
CROKER OPPOSED
TO IMPERIALISM
The Tammany Leader's
Change of View.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Aug. X!.— Richard
Croker at the Democratic Club to-night
said:
I was wrong in the statements I made
before I went away concerning the I'ioi
ippine Islands, I based my belief that
we should not prive up a foot of soil our
soldiers have won on information thai- 1
wua not complete. 1 would not give "
cents for a man who, when he had be< p.
wrnnß, would not ai the very firs) chance ■
set himself aright. Such a man would not
be flt for cither politics or private lift-.
Publicly I made tin statement that I
did not believe we should give up the
Philippines, which had cost us bo many
lives. 1 am not ashamed now to c
tlii public that 1 was wrong.
I am not playing a political Rjime
through that interview. No one man was
responsible for my change of mind. While
I was in Europe J talked with some of
the best Informed men there or anywhere
else mi th«- subject of colonial conquest.
1 made Investigation fur myself. I reached
the conclusion thai we have no right at
.'ill to keep the Philippines. \v were
wr<m K in the Brst place to pay $20,0
for them.
On a question like this there should be
no dividing line between Democrats and:
Republicans. Humanity, not politics, is
involved, and 1 am convinced that hu
manlty, as represented by the votes of
American citizens at the next Presidential
el ictlon, will record its horror and execra
tion of the men and the party who are,
for private grain, putting hi ly pages Into
history. Believing these things now, I go
Straight to the public and frankly Bay
that I was wrong.
I said 1 believed William J. Hryan was \
one of the greatest men America has pro
duced. 1 Believe that very thing. But
that does not mean that I shall work for;
the nomination of Mr. Bryan or that I
lliink he i« the only man fitted for the
nomination. He is as good a man' and
leader as could be found.
Km T have no candidate. Tt is for the
convention to name the man, and the con
vention will not meet for at hast ten!
months. It would he a travesty on popu
lar suffrage to pn-k the candidate before
the people's delegates meet, and 1 shall!
have no part in Buch a selection. I shall ',
not even try to Influence the New York
State delegation for anybody.
"Will Tammany make another fight
against free silver as it did at the last
election?" was asked.
"I don't know." said Mr. Croker.
"There's lots of time and every Issue
may change except the ones against
trusts and against imperialism and
slaughter.']
SHERIFF WHITE FEARS
ASSASSIN'S BULLET
Believes the Baker Faction Will Mur
der Him, but He Will
'•Die Game.''
LOUIS VI LLK, Ky., Aug. 13.— John
Feland, a prominent Eastern Kentucky
politician, who has just returned from
Lexington, says while there he met and
had a lung talk with Beverly White.,
Sheriff of Clay County, from whose
house Torn Baker was assassinated
while being guarded by State troops.
"Sheriff White told me," said Feland
to-day, "that he knew his days on
earth were numbered. He fs confident
p>m,. of the Baker crowd will kill him
as soon as a good opportunity is pre
sented. He added, however, he was
prepared for the worst, and touched
his belt, in which he carried two husre
Colt's revolvers and a bowieknife.
White remarked he might leave Clay
County but Cor the fact that all his
relatives and property were located
there."
There are at present, however, no In
dications of another outbreak In Clay
County, though it is not believed the
end of the Howard- Maker feud has
been reached.
CAPE NOME'S FUTURE
NOT A BRIGHT ONE
Good Place for the Poor lv.an to Re
main Away From, Says Cap
tain Harkens.
PORT TOWNSKNI). Aug. 13.— One
thousand dollars' worth of. gold dust from
the Cape Nome mining district was
brought down by Captain Harkens of the
schooner Una, twenty-seven days from
the mouth of Snake River. The gold rep
resents a few days' work on one <>f the
claims owned by Captain Harkens and
partners. Harkens does noi predict a
great future for the country, owing to
the shortness of the mining bi i in,
which will not exceed four months, A
scarcity of wood prevents winter minipg
find will make wintering there very ex
pensive. When he left miners were ex
periencing much difficulty on account of
the frozen grounds. He says it Is a g i
place for a poor man to stay away from,
{is nearly all the country has been staked.
rp t<> th'j time of Harkens' departure
not to exceed $20,000 had been taken out,
but mining operations had just com
menced. There were about 6000 oeople a.t
Anvil City, but many were leaving.
TROUBLE OVER FRANCHISES.
GRASS VALLEY, Aug. 13.— Captain
John Cross "and Major Payne of Los An
geles have been in the county for several
days in the interest of capitalists of
Southern California trying to obtain a
franchise for an electric railway between
t"his city and the county Beat. The
Trustees of each city have signified their
intention to advertise for bids for the
franchise. Hon. John F. Kldder, who now
owns both county road franchises, has
presented to the Grass Valley board a
protest «against the granting of a-fran
chise to include the streets of the west
ern part of th*' city. Mr. Kidder own.-: and
controls the greater portion of the prop
erty on these streets and has Imnroved
them and kept them in repair for years.
He says if his protest is ignored he will
not build the much-needed new theater
nor spend another cent for improvements
jn the city.
HORRIBLY MAIMED IN
THRASHING MACHINE
Peculiar Accident Causes the Death of
Bank Director Henry C, Tollett
of Salinas.
SALINAS, Aug. 13.— Henry <~\ Tollett. director of the First National
Bank of Salinas and of the Alliance Flour Mill r.f San Miguel, ■ ■! ;.;
12:30 o'clock this morning as the result of an accident whicn oc< urred
last night. Tollett left town at 7:36 o'clock and went out to where his
threshing machine was at work on the Foster place, three miles s mth
west of Salinas. It was neatly dark, but the machine was .still running.
Noticing something wrong with the feeder, Toilett threw the mat ri •
into gear, cuisine; a mass of grain on which he was standing to mov< to
ward the cylinder.
Tollett either lost his footing and fell or became entangled so that he
could not extricate himself, and wetit feet first into the cylinder, wn'.ch
tore his flesh into shreds and crushed the bones of both legs to above the
knees.
The machinery was stepped, ;md when physicians arrived on tho spf
Tollett had just been extricated from th.> cylinder, it having been neces
sary to cut away a portion of the framework before h<> could be released.
}!•■ was conscious and suffering terribly. Amputation was decided upon,
but he never rallied from the shock.
Mr. Tollett leaves a widow, one son and one daughter, in comfort
able circumstances. He was a native of Arkansas and 19 years old. He
will be buried under the auspices of the Odd Fellows.
SING PRAISES OF
THE FATHERLAND
German - Americans at
Chicago.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO. Aug. 13.— One hundred
thousand German-American citizens
participated to-day in the celebration
incident i" the opening of the four
teenth annual convention of the Krei- j
gerbund and the twenty-tlfthannual re
union of the Deutcher Kreiber Verein. ,
The former includes veterans of the |
German army and the latter veterans j
of the Franco-Prussian war. The day j
signalized the opening of the conven- j
tions and the paying of tributes by
German-Americans to the men who
made possible the present greatness of
the < ferman empire.
The cordial relations between the
German-Americans and their fellow
countrymen was made manifest in the
enthusiastic cheers that greeted on
every hand the two young women rep- j
resenting Columbia and Germany, and;
in the singing, by a multiutde at Sharp
shooters' Park, of German and Ameri
can national anthems.
The day began with the arrival of
trains bearing delegations from all
parts of the country. As each train
slowed up at the depot committees
stepped forward to welcome the vis
itors. -Many of the arrivals were recog
nized by members of the committee as
former messmates on the battlefield,
and the welcome extended was a
hearty one. Among the visitors were
vereins from St. Louis, Cincinnati,
Cleveland. Elgin, Milwaukee, Dubuque
and many other cities.
To-morrow the business sessions of j
the conventions begin.
REBELS LAY SIEGE
TO MONTE CHRISTI
CAPE HAY"TEN, Aug. 13.— Monte
Christi is now besieged by the insur
gents and the town is without provi
sions. General Pepin, Governor of San
tiago province, has telegraphed to Gen
eral Cordero, Minister of Public Works,
now at Monte Christi, to return to
assist in organizing the defenses of
Santiago de Los Caballeros, as he is
not able to opp< se the revolution. The
village of Jaunnunez, situated between
Macoris and Moca, has risen in favor
of Jiminez.
HAVANA Aug. 13.— General Jiminez,
the aspirant to the Presidency of the
Republic of San Domingo, says he has
received news of numerous recent suc
cesses of his partisans. He declares he
has all the money he needs, as well as
a thousand men under arms. At an
early date he expects to receive newa of
the utter collapse of the present Do
minican Government, when he will go
to San Domingo as soon as his'parti
sans. who. he says, are- a majority of
the population, desire.
PURCHASE OF LAND
FROM CROW INDIANS
EVANSVTLIjE, Tnd.. Ausr. 1.1.— A Jour
nal special from the (.'row Agency, Mont.,
says: Government commissioners have
effected an agreement with the Crow In
dians which will become a treaty when
ratified by Congress. About 1,000,000 acres
of land will be purchased on the nortfiern
end of the Crow reservation from Fort
Custer to Yellowstone River and from
Pryor Creek to the eastern boundary of
the reservation, embracing the lower Big
Horn and other smaller streams.
This leaves ttte Crows acres,
and will make them Independent In time
and furnish homes for thousands of civU-
Ized people. The price to be paid is about
$1 per acre. Par! of the land ia arable,
hut most nf it is excellent for grazing,
with timber on the streams. The North
ern Pacific Railway runs along the north
ern border, and the Burlington diagonally
Igh it from east to west.
HAY TO VISIT McKINLEY.
Will Discuss Questions Arising From
the New Possessions.
PLATTSI'.rRt;. N. V., Aus. 13.— The
President decided at the last moment
not to attend church this morning, but
Instead went for a drive with Mrs. Mc-
Kinley, who has been prevented '>>v the
cuh!, rainy weather from going oirt of
doors for th« last two or three days.
This afternoon the President and Mrs.
Cortelyou took a short walk around the
grounds.
Secretary of State Hay will be here
<>n Tuesday, coming from his summer
home at Newburg, N. H. The greatest
Importance Is attached to the Secre
tary's visit here at this time, as it is
believed he is coming to confer with
President McKinhy regarding tht
many questions of state arising from
America's new pospes-sions. Attorney
General Griggs and family will arrive
Thursday.
Chaplain Mailey Lectures.
STOCKTON, Aug. 18. — Chaplain James
Mailey of the First Nebraska volunteers
spcii?-' on "My Experience on the Firing
J-ine 'n the Philippine Hospitals," at the I
Central M. E. Church to-night The po
litio^ phase <if the Philippine oampalgn
was K>t t severely alone. His tragic, i>h- j
thetlc and humorous word pictures of
the First Nebraska's experiences in the
field were interesting to the 1500 persons j
present.
Artillery for Victori?..
HALIFAX, An-.;. 13.— is stated here
that one of the companies of Royal Ar
tillery at present attached to the Halifax j
garrison will shortly be transferred to
Victoria. B. C, being replaced by a cora
jtnnv now iii the West Indies. ' A'
OKLAHOMA MAN
BUNKOS SWIFT
Chicago Packer Invests
in Scrub Cattle.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PERRY, O. T., Augr. 13.— 1t is reported
here that an Oklahoma cattleman
palmed off a gold brick on George B.
Swift of Chicago in Oklahoma some
-weeks ago. Swift came to the Territory
and inspected, as he thought, 12,000
head of fine cattle on the Klowa,
Apache and Comanche Indian reserva
tions. Later he made a big purchase
and leased a large tract of land >>n
which to graze his 12,000 cattle. He put
a competent territorial man to look
after the purchase, and soon the man
ager, so it is alleged, found that Swift
had purchased only 100 head of first
prrade cattle and the remainder of the
12,000 were nothing but ordinary scrub
stock.
It appears the agent who sold the cat
tle, who is said to \u- a man named
Williams, had the good stock so ar
ranged on the grazing pastures as t<>
deceive Swift, who paid a large price
f"r them. It is said Swift will soon
bring suit to recover several thousand
dollars from the agent who sold him
the cattle.^
HIS SERMON WAS
ON JESUS THE JEW
Rev. E. A. Woods spoke on "Jesus the
Jew" last night. A large congregation
filled the First Baptist Church to listen to
the stirring- address of the pastor. J>r.
Woods spoke in part as follows:
"Many of the great men of ancient and
modern times were Jews. Jesus was a
Jew. Was He something more? In a
sense all great men are the product of
their age and their environment. They
have their national characteristics. Plato
was a product of Greece; Caesar was i
true Roman; Gladstone was essentially an
Englishman, and Washington was tin- era.
Document nf the American spirit.
"But Jesus belongs in character to no
one nation or age. 11.- was manhood in
pi rfectlon. He had nor. the characteris
tics of a Jew. The world has crowned
Him as the idea! p< rfect man."
Two Homeless Children.
Two children, John and Joseph Gere,
I were lodged at the California-street Po
lice Station In a pitiful plight last night.
They had gone to their mother, who
spends her time in a. dive 011 Dupont
street, to pet the key to the woman's
room, at 127 Trenton street. She refused
to givp it to them. The luckless young
sters then searched for their father, find
ing him in a saloon. lie refused to have
anything to do with them. He had plenty
! of money to spend for drink, but none to
shelter his children.
Officers Fleming and Daggett took the
boys to the station. They will be doubt
less taken to some public institution to
day. Gere, who resides at 519 Jackson
street, has quarreled with his wife, and a
suit for divorce is pending between the
two.
. ♦ ■
It's always the man with the short
end of it who advocates equality.
DR. MEYERS & CO. are the most reliable
physicians because they are the most success-
ful. They are the most successful for the
reason that they are the most skilled and ex-
perienced. They have been curing diseases and
weakness of men for more than eighteen years,
and have the largest and best equipped medi-
cal institution and the most extensive practice
in America. They never use injurious remedies.
NO PAY TILL CURED.
Patients can arrange to pay whan they are
well or may pay in monthly installments.
Consultation and private book for men free.
HOME CURES A SPECIALTY.
If you cannot call write for free advice,
question list, terms and other particulars.
Thousands are cured annually without seeing
the doctors. All correspondence confidential
No printinc on envelopes or packages to in-
dicate name of sender. .
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
731 MARKET ST., S. F.
Elevator entrance. Hours, 8 to 5 daily; 7 to
3 evenings; 9 to 11 Sunday.
2 visit DR JORDAN'S great I
(MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
9 Ch 1051 mm st. tat. e:ht;th, s - rc:i ' A
\ CJf The Largest Anatomic»l Museum in the \
O *«=aife-»» World. Weaknesses cr aay contracted 3
Y BC§iS?& disease p«-"»IH»«"lj r «-tir^dr>y the oldest T
9 Iggl ta *"'' ' u the '- 0 " 1 Esc. 36 years- 9
9 jfffif I DR. JORCAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
\ W^kMiPm Consultation frre and strictly private \
U a XjtW H Tr « «">ent personally nr by letter. A /
\ R Vr M If '**•'!»• Cur* tn every ease undertaken. -T
jkH 'I IjA v !i.-: rHII.MiDI'RYrii
r I 'I I"I atßHltl.K, MAILED FKEE. < A ™
9 OK. JORD4\ A 4:0., 1051 Market St., S. F. W
&mrmma* RUPTURE.
W^aT"-'-^ J&Sm USB No MOKE iron
iBSgS&^-S^P Hoops or Steel Pprln?..
H^^i vf&'-sri'--^ Rupture retained with a*.**
B^- f ff£j<y<. and cemfort. and thousands radl-
ffl //SV S ca!lv CURED by UK. PIKROE ■»
«i /£f* MaKnetic Elastic Truss. Q^TCall a:
\&s& elf-.ee or write for N#w I'mspbloc
No. L
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.. ..
10 Market »t,« cPP, palace Hotel, Ban JTnuicißooADMIRAL DEWEY HAS
ARRIVED AT LEGHORN
Leghorn, Italy, Reached by the Cruiser Olympia Yesterday.
LEGHORN, Italy. Aug. 13.— The United States cruiser Olympia arrived here at noon to-day from Naples a
; received with .salutes and a cordial welcome
DESTITUTION ON
ATTOU ISLAND
Natives Without Fuel or
Clothing".
Special Dispatch to Th* Call.
SEATTLE; Aug. 13.— A private letter
from Captain Slamin of the revenue cut
ter Grant, now with the sealing patrol in
Bering Sea. states that the inhabitants
of ?Attou Island were found by him in
straitened circumstances; but in no im- j
mediate danger of starvation. The inhab- j
itants; numbering seventy-three, twenty- |
three men and titty women and children,
were in a pitiable condition. Many 61 the ;
children were practically naked, and their ,
elders were but little better off. All were ■
dependent for bodily warmth upon the !
common practice of * huddling five or six ;
together in their -barabasos," or native i
h The only fuel on the island is a scant j
supply of driftwood. The crew of the
Grant gave the people all their spare j
clothing. The people were also suffering i
from a lack of salt. This resulted In
much sickness, and for a while the physi- i
clan of the Grant was kept busy dispens- j
ii" medicines. The Grant furnished the i
inhabitants rations. They had a very good
FUpplv of iish. roots and berries. I
Attou Island has in times past been
famous as a source of blue fox skins and
fortunes have b«-en made in the traffic. I
but the traders, and not the natives have
made the money. The foxes have all been
killed off and the population is diminish
ing year by year. . I
The remainder are. strange to say quite I
content with their lot. never having
known anything better; and cling fond >
to the bleak, frozen island, which hardl> j
affords them a means of sustenance and ,
which is often the scene of furious earth- j
f !i? Ber,n ß ,a -Grant!
Tel c-ln and the study of ocean currents
inlßer?n#.Sea'and vicinity, for which pur
poselbouies were thrown overboard con
tainlng instructions to the finders to for
v. ird them to Washington. I
Ten sWling vessels were on the ground ,
whon Captain 9 amm wrote, and the ar- ;
rival of about ten more was expected.
HUNDREDS OF CHINESE
GOING TO PHILADELPHIA
Will Be Deported to the Orient at
the Close of the Coming
Exposition.
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 13.— A special
cablegram was received to-day by an
Phmi I.fo from Hongkong, staling that 250
< -him-pe men and women Intefidedlforittie
Chines© village feature of the National
Export Exposition, had sailed from that
port on one of the steamer? of the Nippon
\laru line for San Francisco where it Is
T vtected they will arrive on September 1.
They will leave for Philadelphia as soon
as the United States officials give them
permission, arriving, it is thought, for the
big snow.
Yhe balance of the 450 originally intend
ed for the Chinese village feature will
bo n in a few days on one of the steamers
of the ?ame line from Hongkong. Arrlv
i g in San Franc each member of , the
contingent will be photographed by Gov
ernment officials, a thorough description
taken and a guarantee exacted from the
exnositton agents that each of the Chinese
wiU be returned in duo time to that port.
The bringing over of these celestials Is
allowed by special permission from the
Serretarv of the Treasury, given some
wfnntht ago to the exposition manage -
S which is held responsible for the
return of each member of the party.
BRAZILIANS CHEER FOR
ARGENTINE'S PRESIDENT
Union Bet-ween the Two Governments
Is Favored by the Rio de
Janeiro Populace.
RIO T>E JANEIRO. Aug. 13.— Colonel
es Page Bryan, United States Mm•
-• , Brazil in an important communi-
Argentine and "razUian
that the United States
of South America but
trade and i o kt>,
-1i,,, presenting the laDor
s. - classes a;:', schools, have been passing
ice this evening and
D Salles, the President ot Bra
id his guest, General Roca, Presi
people have been
tor union between the two Gov
■
To-night the President of Brazil gave
.,,,•;, : and Winquet, followed
by a bail. At the banquet, the Argentine
Jdjnis twasti d the
■ :al Union of Argentina and Brazil.
Denies the Interviews.
BANFF, N. W. T.. Aug. 13.— Lieutenant
Commander Percy St. John of H. M. S.
. li is indignant on account of his
■ <1 criticism of General Otis and the
Filipino campaign. American papers to
liand containing^the reported interviews
-it Victoria have inacie the commander
furious. He denies the correctness of his
interviews and has. through his attorneys,
demanded to be set right.
Rural Mail Houte Assured.
STOCKTON. Aug. I".— Special Postal
Annin has written to Postmaster
.;. saying that he will recommend
itabllshment of a rural mail dehv
»tv route ;n this county. The district
will extend along the 'Waterloo road to
place, "it Osborns lane, thence west
to thr Bight-Mile House and from there
back to the city by way of Cherokee
lane. Th<' ageni asks the postmaster to
nominate carriers, the salary to ;je J4OO
a year.
EXPEDITION TO
NOW DISTRICT
Party Searching for an
American Miner.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Aug. 13.— A special to the
Record from Guaymas, Mexico, says:
! Colonel A. H. Moore from New York
j and a mining expert named Johnson
! of San Antonio have gathered a guard
' and gone to the relief of an American
I named Cook, who is in charge of a mine
i at Bonancita, near the Yaqui River. No
! word has been received from him since
' the latter part of July, and it is feared
i he has fallen a victim to the Indians.
I The party started for Bonancita yester
i day over a trail known to be infested
! with Yaquis.
A miner who has reached here says
that the Yaquis are encamped ten miles
j west of Torres, a station on the Sonora
| Railroad, on their way to join the re
i bellious Indians along the river. A
report from Torin says one of
the Yaqui chiefs was killed while j
on his way to the Mayo River to organ- j
ize a branch of the Mayo Indians who |
were to join the Yaquis in their fight j
against the Government.
The steamer Jelico has left Guaymas :
for Mendano with troops for General
Torres.
SUSPICION RESTS ON
PRIVATE LLEWELLYN
He Is Believed to Be the Murderer
of the Two Denver
Policemen.
DENVER, Auk. 13.— The country for
miles around hero to-day swarmed with
detectives and policemen in search of the
poldier who. in the early hours this morn
ing, murdered Police Officers Tom < 'Mt
ford and W. E. Griffith while resisting
arrest. The two recruits who were with
the murderer at the time he shot Clifford
in cold blood, and were arrested shortly
afterward, have steadfastly refused to
give his name, denying any Knowledge ol
him except that he was a member of the
same company as they.
However, the police learned from other
members of the company who saw the
three men together during Saturday night
that the murderer's name is Wellington
C Llewellyn, and that he came from
Globe Ariz., a short time ago to enlist
in the new Thirty-fourth Regiment The
three men were all more or less Intoxi
cated at the time of the murder of < lll
ford and Llewellyn had 1 tl threatening
people with his gun. Clifford started to
arrest him and was killed. Later Llewel
lyn shot (Jrifnth. who was pursuing him.
A. reward has been offered for the body
of Llewellyn, deal or alive. There were
threats of lynching should he be caught,
but they are not very strung to-night.
CANADIAN BOATS
WILL BE RELEASED
Seizure Made So Close to the Line a3
to Leave the Question
Open.
SEATTLE, Aug. 13.— recent seisure
of six Canadian fishing\boats near Point
Roberts by the United States customs
officials will probably be settled in a day
or so by the release of the boats.
The matter ha^i been the subject of
diplomatic discussion and was finally re
ferred to United States District Attorney
Wilson R. Gay by Attorney General
Griggs. Mr. Gay reported that the seizure
was made so close to the line and at a
time when it was possible to be deceived
in location, that It might be advisable to
release the boats. The Attorney General
wired him yesterday to proceed as he
thought best. Mr. Gay immediately
wrote Collector Iluestis, advising him to
let the boats go.
SAYS BRYAN IS
SAFE IN KENTUCKY
Governor Bradley Discredits the Sen
sational Interview With
Berry.
FRANKFORT. Aug. IX — Governor
Bradley, discussing an Interview with
Congressman A. S. 15. Try or Newport in
which the latter declared that Bryan
might be shot if he persisted in coming
to the State in the interest of Goebel,
said:
"I cannot think Mr. Berry made the
statement attributed to him. In any
event. BUch a statement is an insult to
Kentucky and wholly without foundation
or excuse. Mr. Bryan would be in no
more danger in Kentucky than in any
other State in the Union.
Ex-Senator lilaekburn also discredited
the statement.
Steamer Sold at Auction.
STOCKTON, Aug. 13.— The v:> 11-known
river steamer Ellen and the barge Cricket
were knocked down under the hammer at
a receiver's sale yesterday afternoon to
James Giliis for $1040. The Ellen was for
merly owned by < laptain Al Williams and
was given by the courts to his divorced
wife, who later became insolvent. The
courts then appointed Giliis receiver of
the property. Giliis placed the boat in
commission in an effort to have her work
herself out of debt. Before this was ac
complished the Tinted States Inspectors
condemned the vessel and the court then
ordered her sold. When the boat is re
paired it will probably be put into the
service of the Union Transportation Com
pany.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 14, 1899.
RAILWAY FOR THE
REDWOOD COUNTRY
New Line in Mendocino
County.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TIBURON, Aug. IS.— President A. W.
Foster of the California Northwestern
Railway Company dispatched a large
surveying force last week to make a
working location through the redwood
section northeast of T'kiah, in Mendocino
County, with a view to beginning the
extension of the line northward. This
move on the part of the company marks j
the starting point of a new era for
Mendocino and Humboldt counties anil
will be hailed with joy by all the resi
dents of that section of the State.
The pans- is under the direction of Civil
Engineei Harlow, a well-known railroad
surv >yor, and the work will be pushed
with all dispatch. It is hoped everything
will be in shape for the letting of a con
tract toward tin- close of the year.
If the original Intention of the company,
as expressed by Prealde.nl Foster at a
mass-meeting of the citizens at I'kiah five
years ago is adhered to, the road will he
extended as far northward as Eureka, the
•>- seat of Humboiiit County.
Not only will the farmers and he mer
chants of Potter Valley, Round Valley
and the towns and villages of Humboldt
County living close to the proposed line be
greatly benefited, but the extension
means the development of great natural
resources.
A few years ago a ledge of coal was
■ red near Round Valley, which in
vestigation by experts showed to be a
vein extending from a mine of enormous
extent. Analysis of this coal showed that
it was of B superior quality and a syndi
cate t" work the mine was formed. When
ii was found Impracticable to extend the
line of 'he San Francisco and North
Pacific Railway northward at that Lme
an attempt was made to form a company
to build a line from Westport, on the
roast, to the coal fields. This project had
to be abandoned on account of the great.
natural obstacles to be overcome. From
that day to this little has been done, but
interest will revive as soon as the rail
way ( ompany is found to be In earnest.
In addition to the coal fields, the pro
posed line will tap a region of redwood
forests that will furnish a practically In
exhaustible supply of lumber. Much of
this is of the "curly" variety, so valu
able In ornamenting the interior of
houses and in the manufacture of furni
ture. ___^________
A DAY OF RIOTS
IN LONDONDERRY
The Garrison Was Called Out and
Eight Constables Seriously
Injured.
LONDONDERRY, An- 13.— The Pro
testant celebration of the anniversary of
the relief of Denry, l ; . ->,<j by James
Il'a army in 1689, led to riotous scenes
here to-day. An excursion party corn-:
,.., ,j «,f iv.'i members of a 'H8 club arrived
frotn Belfast, but the police refused to
allow tin- excursionists to enter the city.
Tin- appearance of a Nationalist band to
meet the party fau^-il disorders and atone j
throwing. Both mobs attacked the police.
Finally the riot act was read and the
Mayor of Londonderry called out the gar
rison. Eight constables were seriously In
jured.
The rioting was renewed this evening
on the departure of the excursionists in
the vicinity of the railway station. The 1
police made repeated baton charges and
several persons were Injured.
WHALING SEASON A
COMPLETE FAILURE
Vessels Have Given Up in Despair
and Are Turning Their Atten
tion to Trading.
PORT TOWNSEND, Aug. 13.— Advices
from the Arctic whaling fleet brought
here to-day by the schooner J. M. Cole
man, twenty-seven days from Port Law
rence, are not encouraging. The season,
it is stated, has been a complete failure.
Tiii' captains of the whalers Jeanette,
Kariuk ami Alexander report it the worst
during the past twenty years.
'I'll.' Jeanette sue ded in catching one
whale, while the Kariuk and Alexander
fafl< <l to capture any and are devoting
t!.:: attention to trading. Other whalers
Bpoken early in the season report no suc
cesa whatever. The Coleman brought sev
eral tons of whalebone and furs from
I', .rt Clarence, which will be shipped from
here to San Francisco.
OPERATION ON STOKES.
Doctors Obliged to Amputate His
Left Leg.
LENOX, Mass.. Aug. 13.— The condition
of Anson Phelps Stokes, who was serious
ly hurt Saturday by being thrown from
his horse, remains practically unchanged,
air. Stokes' left leg was amputated. Be
fore the operation he knew he was about
to have his limb taken off.
The horse that tin- millionaire was rld
tag was a five-year-old English hunter
and one that had just been broken to the
saddle f'>r. the use of Mr. Stokes. Mr
Stokes was considered an expert rider and
horseman, and the animal must have run
with full force against the tree where the
millionaire was found.
Daylight Burglary at Lincoln.
LINCOLN, Aug. 13.— Michael's meat
market, on one of the principal streets
of the town, was robbed during the noon
hour yesterday. Thieves gained entrant.
through the rear door, broke open the
cash register and got away with about
$40. One man has been arrested on sus
picion.
MUTINY HELPED TO
DELAY THE WARREN
The United States Steamer Left All Her
Firemen in Jail in Manila,
Filipino Coal-Passers— The Transport Was Twice
Caught in Typhoons and Was Anxiously
Looked for by the Centennial's Crew.
THE United States transport War
ren, now out fourteen days from
Yokohama with the First Colo
rado Volunteers aboard, has
been having a lively time of it.
Before she got away from Manila there
was a mutiny in the engine room and
twenty-four of the firemen and coal
passers are now serving sentences of
from thr°e months to a year in Bilibid
jail. After getting away from Manila
with a Filipino crew in the fireroom,
she was twice caught in a typhoon and
was given up for lost at Nagasaki.
The Warren left Manila four days
after the Centennial. The day after
she sailed a typhoon raged far forty
eight hours and the Warren must have
got the full benefit cf it. The day after
rHE TRANSPORT WARREN, BEARiNG COLORADO TROOPS.
the Centennial arrived at Nagasaki an
other typhoon developed and detained
her several days in port. There were
no signs of the "Warren and a British
tramp which reached port could throw
no light on her delay. The tramp and
the Warren sailed from Manila to
gether, and the Britisher was caught in
both typhoons. The captain reported no
sign of the Warren after the first day
out.
Upon sailing from Nagasaki CaptF.ln
Eagles kept a bright lookout for the
Warren, but saw no sign of her, and
I in consequence felt very anxious until
| informed yesterday morning by the
pilot that the Warren sailed from Yo
kohama on August 1 for San Francisco.
The firemen on the Centennial say
that the trouble on the Warren was all
caused by the engineers. They worked
a sick man until he nearly dropped
dead, and then because the rest of the
men objected they were arrested.
"It was just this way," said a fire
man yesterday. "The engineers were
down on the white men because they
wanted Chinese or Filipinos. One of
the men named Edwards was sick and
asked to be excused from work. The
second assistant said he was shamming,
and told him to go on with his work.
Edwards tried to work, but couldn't.
Nevertheless he was forced into the
nreroom. and then the men began to
object. The entire force of firemen and
coal passers went before the chief and
complained of the way Edwards was
being treated. The chief ordered them
back to their work.
"Then there was trouble. Some of
the firemen went ashore and got drunk,
and when thew came back and found
Edwards trying to work in the flreroom
they were crazy. Then when the sick
man fell down in a faint they broke out.
The entire force of coal passers and
o_*. J s>-^.-^-»- < £-»-^ -*-<S>-«-<» -*- <S~»-<3>-*-4
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Rev. J. O. Lincoln of San Mateo is reg
istered at the Occidental.
A. W. Kiddie, a mining man of Quincy,
is a guest at the Occidental.
R. W. Walker, the Santa Rosa capital
ist, is a guest at the Grand.
\V. H. Husband, a wealthy mining man
of Kelsey, is a guest at the Grand.
O. H. Harrison, a big mining man and
planter of Mexico, is at the Palace.
Manard Gilbert, one of the foremost at
torneys of Modesto, is at the California.
Among the arrivals yesterday at the
Lick were J. S. Manley and wife of Fres
no.
Mr. and Mrs. James H. Hart of London
have returned to the city and are at the
Palace.
E. E. Lockard of Washington. D. C,
is a guest at the Occidental. He arrived
last evening.
H. P. Mudd. on» of the mining experts
employed at the Keswick copper mines,
is at the Occidental.
D. C. O'Rielly. a well-known and promi
nent railroad man of Portland, Or., is a
guest at the Palace.
J. T. Williams, a prominent rancher and
fruit grower of Fresno, is at the Grand
with his wife and daughter.
M. Esternaux. the German Consul at
Los Angeles, was among those who ar
rived at the Palace yesterday.
f;. irpe Swanston, one of Sacramento's
leading and most influential citizens, is
among the late arrivals at the Grand.
Major B. C. Lock wood of the Fourth
Cavalry has returned from Manila and is
at the Occidental, accompanied by his
wife and son.
A Kkman, a wealthy mine owner of
Oroville is at the Grand on a short visit
to the city made for the double purpose
of business and pleasure.
Dr John B. Darling and Captain John
W. Harney, two United States army of
ficers returned yesterday from Manila
and registered at the Occidental.
Major Eugene T. Wilson, U. S. A., who
is on his way to Manila to assume the
office of Judge Advocate, is one of the
recent arrivals at the Occidental.
Mr and Mrs. C. F. Dieterich are at the
Palace Hotel from Now York. They
come with a party of friends to make a
pleasure tour of the Pacific Coast.
H W. Warren of Winnemueca and j
Jackson Dennis, a lending merchant of
Sutter Creek, are both registered at the
Grand. With Mr. Dennis are his wife and
daughter.
H. S. Pritchett, superintendent of the
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey,
is a guest at the Palace. He comes on
business connected with his office and will
remain in the city for about two months.
firemen were in open revolt and the
engineers had to fly to their rooms and
lock themselves in. A force of soldiers
was sent out from the shore and twen
ty-four of the men were arrested. They
were all tried on a charge of mutiny.
The ringleaders got a year and the
others lighter sentences. None of them
were sentenced for less than three
months, so the Warren had to take a
Filipino crew in the fireroom when she
was ready to sail. They must have had
lots of fun keeping steam in the boilers
during the two typhoons the Warren,
was out in. I guess the engineers would
have been mighty glad to have had
those poor fellows in Bilibid prison
aboard again when the storm was at
its worst."
The people on the Centennial do not
think the Warren will get here before
next Thursday or Friday. They say
she will not be able to make her best
speed and will in consequence be a day
behind her schedule time.
GERMAN CRUISER HERE.
i
j Fourth-Class Vessel Geier Ar
rives From South and Cen
tral American Waters.
The German fourth-class cruiser Geier
arrived from Acapulco yesterday after
noon after a slow run up the coast from
i that port of over nine days. She has been
. for some time in South American waters
I and will in all probability dock here for
I an overhauling. As phe passed up the bay
the Stars and Stripes were run up at the
fore and a national salute fired. Then the
German flag was run up at Alcatraz and
the compliment returned.
The Geier Is a barkentine rigged cruiser
: of 1700 tons burden and 3000 horsepower.
Her speed is Riven at seventeen and a half
knots, but she averages about twelve
knots. Captain Jacobson is in command
: and she carries a crew of eight officers
and 170 men.
The transport St. Paul will sail for Seat
-1 tie to-day to take aboard a contingent of
I the Fourth Cavalry. The Senator will
j leave for Manila with recruits on Tuesday
and the City of Sydney and Siam on the
■ l'ith inst. The Leelanaw will probably
J sail on the ]Hth also, or as soon as her
cargo of horses arrives. The Centennial
will go back with horses as soon as she
is overhauled. Captain Barneson expects
the Sherman with the California boys to
! arrive on the 2fith inst.
The battleship lowa will not be here
when the California boys reach home.
She is to leave for Monterey next Satur
day for target practice, and will not be
back before the end of the month.
The scow P and R No. 6 broke away
| from her anchorage off section B of the
I seawall yesterday and drifted down on the
I revenue cutter Golden Gate. A couple of
, plates on the steamer's starboard quarter
were dented, but no serious damage was
I done.
He will return to Washington by way of
Seattle and the north.
This evening there will arrive at the Oc
cidental a distinguished party from Colo
rado who are en route to this city to be
present when their State's volunteers re
turn. The party consists of Governor
j Thomas. Adjutant General Overmeyer,
, Major Hooper of the Colorado National
i Guard and some five or six other repre
j sentative citizens of that State.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK". Aug. 13.— L. D. Jennings
of Los Angeles is at the Marlborough: C.
H. Bicknell of Oakland is at the St. Denis;
Charles Brodt Jr. and son of San Fran
cisco are at the Astor.
CONFERENCE NEARS AN END.
Bishop Games Will Depart for the
North To-Morrow.
The general conference of the African
Methodist Episcopal Church will reach
its close to-day. It will convene at 9:30
this morning and the appointments will
then be read by Bishop Games. who
leaves for Portland Tuesday. From Port
land the bishop will go to the Puget
Sound conference at Spokane.
The conference has been one of the most
successful and harmonious ever held on
the Pacific Coast, and its results will be
far reaching in the progress of the church.
Yesterday's services opened in the morn
ing with a sermon by Bishop Games on
the subject of "Sufficiency." The able
speaker talked convincingly on the quali
ties of a Christian minister. At the close
Of his sermon E. T. Hubbard of Mary's
ville, E. G. Lee of Fresno and Robert
Arrington of Redondo were ordained
elders. The services were solemn and im
pressive.
In the afternoon Rev. J. L. Whittier of
Riverside addressed the congregation In
the evening Rev. J. E. Edwards of Los
Angeles delivered an eloquent discourse
to a large congregation on the sub
ject of "The Indwelling Presence."
DEATH OF MRS. SUSAN A. HAM.
Her Illness Resulted From Being
Lost in the Mountains.
Mrs. Susan A. Ham died Saturday even
ing at frier home in .Alameda. after a long
illnpss resulting from a harrowing ordeal
through which she passed while camping
in the Santa Cruz Mountains last July.
Mrs. Hum was a woman of advanced
years. In July she joined her daughter,
Mrs. Abbie J. Forbes, who was spending
the summer near Boulder Creek. On the
morning of July It! Mrs. Ham left the
camp for a stroll through the hills. She
lost her way and remained in the mount
ains until the following Tuesday, when
nho was found by a rescuing party, lying
exhausted and unconscious beneath a
clump of underbrush. She was removed
to her home in Alameda, but never rallied
l'mm the shock until death relieved her
from her earthly sufferings. Deceased
was the widow of the late Charles W.
Ham and mother of Charles H. Ham of
the Polytechnic High School and Mrs.
Abbie J. Forbes. She was 78 years of age.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
• •HI 1 I '!■■!■ 1 1 1 M..H..H"H"H-H"I"M 1111 -i : i-i-i II 1 1 I I"I"I 1 1 I * **-l-:
I EXCELLENT VALUES !
i .- j .
" " A line of manufacturers' samples and odd lots of plain and hem-
II stitched linens, including tablecloths, napkins, towels, doylies, sideboard
scarfs, etc., will be placed on sale at less than cost of importation.
** We offer the following special lines:
• - SO doz. Extra Size Linen Huck Towels,
V Hemstitched, in all white and colored borders, size 23x45 inches, usually
31 sold at $4 per dozen, offered at 25c each.
X 1 case Heavy Crochet Spreads,
•* Full size, hemmed and ready for use, at $1 each.
4*
4- 350 pieces Fine Printed Madras,
i* 31 inches wide, fast colors, in light and dark shades; the 15c quality at
£ 7&c yard.
1 11 .A. Lot of Remnants of Organdies,
4. Lawns, Piques, Percales, etc., in lengths of from three to ten yards,
| •> half price.
•; Ladies' Taffeta Ul/alsts,
. . With fancy tucks and cording in colors and black, at $7 50 each.
II Ladles' Black. Taffeta Waists,
•• Handsomely corded front and back, sleeve finished with flare cuff, ex-
•|* tra value for $5 50.
*• Ladles* Jackets-Ladies' Fly-front Jackets
II In Black and Navy Kersey Cloth, half-lined with silk serge, at $5 each.
II Ladies' Fly-front and Double-breasted
*r* Jackets,
X Half-lined with silk, in Black, Tan and Navy Kersey Cloth, at $7 50
„*„ each.
Ladles' Fly-front Suits,
j. all mack, Navy and Brown Ladies' Cloth, skirts lined with percaltne,
.. cueis lined with silk serge, at $7 50 each.
II Black and Colored Dress Goods.
We would specially invite the attention of our patrons to the under-
V mentioned lines, representing the latest and most desirable styles, and
** which we can fully recommend as extra good value at the prices quoted.
T All-wool Shaded Venetians,
X 45 inches wide, at 50 cents a yard.
II Cheviot Suiting,
" 50 inches wide, all wool, at $1 a yard.
M Storm Serge,
II Warranted pure worsted, 46 inches wide, at 60 cents a yard.
ijl 2>!5 pieces -4-7-inch All Pure Wool English
T Storm Serge,
I? Extra heavy, In two diffvrent Wales, at 60 cents a yard.
II 2O pieces Mohair Crepons,
•I- In a variety of designs, at 75 cents a yard.
•J- 2O pieces 46-inch Pierola Cloths,
M In new designs, at $1 a yard.
II Club Bags.
.3. A very useful article for school children, made of Pressed Leather
4* and closely resembling alligator, with nickel hasps and double locks.
Price from 75c to $1 35 each.
.?. Ostrich Feather Boas.
4* Ladies' real Ostrich Feather Boas, of the finest quality, having the
*** richest luster, in 36. 45 and 54 inches, black, white and French gray and
** natural.- Price, 75c to $25 each.
f Ladies* Belts.
. Ladies' Belts of all kinds, black seal, real Morocco, white kid and
3. Mexican hand carved; also the latest designs of Beaded Elastic Belts.
21 Prices from 25c to $3 each.
*r ™~™""~" ™""" """"^ ~™~ ~~ *~ ~~"" ~~~
•1*
** if if Murphy Building. J
| Marlet anil Jones Streets.
T . . t t.». r.»..t..t..T_t..t..'..'..'..«..'..'..'..'..'..t..t.. ?..»........%.. ........ . . . .
NORMAL SCHOOL
TERM WILL BEGIN
THIS MORNING
Seventy-Five Pupils
Are Accepted.
ONE HUNDRED IS THE LIMIT
THE TEST FOR ADMITTANCE IS
VERY SEVERE.
Model School Will Be Established in
Two Weeks— Parents Are Re
quested to File Applica
tions Immediately.
The San Francisco State Normal School
will open its session for the year 18W-ISUO
this morning at 9 o'clock in the building
formerly occupied by the City Isormal
School on Powell street, between Sacra
mento and Clay.
Dr Frederic Burke, president of the
school, announces that seventy-five pu
pils have been accepted. One hundred in
all will be enrolled, and there are still
over one hundred to be examined. The
test has been made rather severe, and
one of the conditions exacted by Dr.
Burke is that only applicants who have
been recommended by the principal of the
school from which they have graduated
"ill be admitted. It is calculated that
by drawing from those recommended
uroswective teachers of a superior intelli
gencewil be turned out. The enforce
ment of this rule has caused many dis
appointments, but will raise the standard
° The a appH e cants for entrance are largely
from this city. though several come from
Berkeley. Oakland, Alameda, Merced,
Marysvlle and as far south as Fresno.
Three or four young men will take the
course Applicants eligible for admission
without examination are graduates of
Schools accredited by the State Univer
sity who present the credentials i whlcn
admit them to the University. No stu
dert will be admitted after August 21. The
coCrse of instruction will be two years
for graduation. The diploma of gradua
tion entitles the holder to a grammar
grade certilicate in any city or county in
the State of California.
The faculty will for the present consist
of George Leslie, who will preside over
the science department; Miss Agnes
Stoweil. teacher ot English branrnes;
Mi«s Estelle Carpenter, instructress in
music Professors Cubberley and Brown
will deliver lectures on Saturdays.
The Model School will be established m
two or three weeks, and parents are re
quested to file applications immediately.
This school is not preparatory to the
Normal School, but is a distinct branch,
where the corresponding studies in ihe
grades of the public school are taught
for the purpose of practical illustration in
the art of teaching by the pupils of the
Ncrmal School.
It affords a fine opportunity for pupils
who have failed in their school examina
tions to receive the necessary help in or
der to regain their places next year. The
classes will be limited to ten or ilttcun I
pupils, and more time can therefore be
devoted to their education. The tuition
fee has been placed at $2 a month. There
are twelve applications on file, and the
number of pupils will be limited to one
hundred. ___^__^____
FILIPINOS AS ACROBATS.
The Troupe Gives a Private Exhibi
tion at the Mechanics' Pavilion
Which Proves a Success.
"The Filipinos are away behind us in
the art of fighting," said Secretary Cum
ming of the Mechanics' lnstitute yesterday
afternoon, "but as acrobats, jugglers and
ring performers generally they will hold
their own with any nationality on earth."
The remarks of the secretary were
called forth by the results of a private
exhibition given by the Filipinos in the
Mechanics' Pavilion yesterday afternoon
to the directors of the institute and their
friends, which was voted a complete suc
cess. There are about forty performers,
and although they had not been able to
do much exercise since June last they
gave a most creditable exhibition when
they got loosened up in their joints, and
by steady practice they will without doubt
create a sensation. The directors and
friends were delighted with the exhibition,
and think they have struck a gold mine
as an attraction at the coming fair.
The programme yesterday afternoon
was opened by a selection from the Fili
pino band. They don't know a note of
music and play entirely by ear. They are
quick to memorize a tune, however, and
showed it by playing the familiar "Hot
Time in the Old Town" without a hitch.
Then the whole troupe, with the excep
tion of Tlster, who is still suffering from
the effects of carbon-monoxide, filed into
the ring and did some high and lofty
tumbling. "Tod Sloan," a little Filipino,
and another youngster made a hit and
will be a drawing card. A woman did
some clever feats on the wire rope, in
cluding undressing and dressing on the
rope. Then followpd exhibitions (in the
Roman rings, juggling, pole balancing,
pyramids of chairs, horizontal bars ami
concluding with a pantomime, "The Doc
tor and His Patient." introducing the
clown and Columbine. The first public
performance will bo given Friday.
A clock is being constructed for
LiverpoolrStreet station in London.
The interior of its case could allow five
persons to dine comfortably.
HITCHCOCK SCHOOL
(LATE SELBORNE),
SAN RAFAEL.
This school will reopen on August 29. with
handsome new buildings, heated by steam and
lighted by electricity. Every pupil has sepa-
rate room, choice of bedrooms on first and sec-
ond floors. Steam from outside, no furnace, no
stoves no flues in boys' quarters. The nearest
approach to a fireproof school. Arrangements
have been made foi boarding pupils and carry-
ing on the school in the Hotel Rafael until the
buildings are completed. For catalogues, testi-
monials and references apply to the principal,
REV. CHARLES HITCHCOCK. San Rafael.
HOITT'S SCHOOL,
MENLO PARK. SAN MATEO COUNTY. CAlx.
is rebuilding with all modern improvements.
Will be thoroughly equipped and begin 1U
ninth year August 15th. Beautiful surround-
ings, home Influences. Offers superior ad van -
ttfe* (or the care and thorough tralnlni ot
boys. Accredited at the universities.
IRA G. HOITT. Ph. D.. Principal.
ST. MATTHEW'S MILITARY SCHOOL,
SAN MATEO. CAL.— FOUNDED A. D. 136«.
by the late Rev. Alfred Lee Brewer. D.D.
For catalogue and Illustrated circular addre**
REV. W. A. BREWER. A. 8..
Rector and Head Master.
UNIVERSITY ACADEMY,
ALA/VIEDA.
A SELECT SCHOOL FOR BOYS.
Next term begins on TUESDAY. August 8.
W. W. ANDERSON. Principal.
TRINITY SCHOOL.
QQAA WASHINGTON ST. OPENS AUG.
*J*J\J\J 7th. Prepares for college and uni-
versity; twenty-second year; corps of 11 pro-
fessots. Accredited with the University. For
catalogue of Information apply to
DR. E. B. SPALDING. Rector.
Ham in School and Van Ness Seminary,
|QiQ JACKSON. COR. GOUGH ST.. 8. F.
IOt 1 !/ Boarding and day school for girls.
Accredited by the University of California.
Opens AuKUMt 14, 1599 Send for prospectus.
SARAH D. HAJJLIN. Prlacln**-
34
Sf fee (Jail
.
MONDAY : .. .AUGUST 14, 1899
;OHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LLAKE. Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third St»^ S. F
Telephone Main 1861.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to £21 St«v«n»on Street
Telephone Main 18T4.
DBLJVKRED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK. i
Single Copies, 6 cents.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage:
DAILY CALL. (Including Sunday Call), one y**r f6.O<
PAILY CALL (Including Sunday <^11>. « month* COO'
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday C»M). 8 months 1.50
DAILY CALL— n>- Single Month ; <*5e
SUNDAY CALL One Year ; 1.50
WEEKLY CALL One Year 1.00
All postmasters are authorised to receive «nbscrlptlon«.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE - 908 Broadwaj
C. GEORGE KROGNEBB.
MiMt«r Foreign Advertising. Marquette Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT! »
C. C. CARLTON :....: Horald 6<ru«r«
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE
PERRY LUKENS JR 29 Trlbuno Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hot*!!
Fremont Bouse; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf -Astoria. Hctet; A. Brentaao, & Union Sqoa**; ,
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
J. L. ENGLISH. Corretoondent
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Alootgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 300 Hayes street. ODen until
S:3O o'clock 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Lar^ln street, open until 9:30 o'clocK
-184! Mission street, open ui)tll 10 o'clock- £291 MarKet
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh)
street, open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
second and Kcr.tucVv ;:tr"<-ts. open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
California— Ddca Assurance. "
Columbia— "The Adventures of the Lady Ursula."
Orj'keum— Vaudeville.
Orpheum— Our Heroes' Fund Benefit. Thursday afternoon.
Aiiirust 17.
Tivoli— "Fidelia."
AJcazar "Under Two Flags."
Grand Ope:u-house — "Dorothy."
Chutes. Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening. o
Olympia, corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Sutro Baths— Swimming Races, etc.
The Tabernacle, Exposition Building, Oakland— ;
Carnival, Wednesday, Aurust 18.
Alhaxnbru Theater— New York Arion Society's Concert, for
the benefit of the fund to welcome our soldiers, Tuesday even
ing, August 15.
AUCTION SALES.
By A. W. Louderback— This day. at 2:80 o'clock. Turkish
Rugs, at 12.'. Geary street.
By S. Watkins— Monday, August 14, at 11 o'clock. Horses, ;
at 220 Valencia si reel ■
BUSINESS STILL BRISK-
THERE is still no pause in trade worthy of note,
ugh there is a slight hesitation, as indicated i
by the hank clean: gs of the country, which
of 24.3 per cent last week, the smallest
increase for some time. There is, however, but little
g oil in the great cities, the gain at Chicago be
:ent, while all of the most important
- exhibit larger clearances than last year. New ;
York shows the most marked falling off, her gain last j
week being only 18.8 per cent over last year. De
creased trading in Wall street caused this decline, for;
doing very Httle speculation there at I
present, and the market has to depend on the regu
i, r professionals, most of whom are oft at the different
summer resorts.
kage in clearings is a shrinkage
in faili those! r the week being 136, against 196
ime week last ytar. Not for years have
mercial failures been so small and unimportant as
■ few months. This in itself is a signili
: of the remarkable prosperity of the coun
try.
Another very favorable indication is th<i volume of
■ crops, wheat ami corn. The Government
ts a yield of 500.000,000 bushels of win
ter and spring wheat, and a bumper crop of 2.001,
--500.000 bushels of corn, the latter being a record
breakeT. This cereal outlook of course affects the
great railroads, whose earnings during the coming
fail bid fair to show a marked increase. In fact,
1 ars are already becoming scarce in the East and
West, and the transportation companies will be put
to their trumps to move the vast output of the farms
of the West and Northwest.
The prominent staples keep' up their flattering ex
hibit, iron and steel of course leading. Western ad
are of heavy demand, scare* supplies of mate
rials, high price- and increasing volume of business I
i for next year. The production of pigirpn was
the largest ever known, but in spite of this stocks
showed a decrease and current production is easily at
rate of 14.000.000 tons- a year. Wool continues
.-'.rone, though as it is the season between clips the
market is not as active as it was some weeks ago.
Hides, leather, boots and shoes rule very firm, and
the manufacturers "have practically decided to advance
prices for the. litter. The demand for lumber shows
no abatement, and extensive canning operations have
greatly stimulated sugar. As for the canning trade
itself, it never was on a more brilliant footing. Most
of the California canners were sold up to their
capacity months ago, before the contracted fruit was
ripe, but of late a scarcity of cans has vexatiously
-retarded operations.
The local situation was enlivened toward the latter
part of the week by a rise in wheat, which though
fractional and on the very heels of a decline, was wel
come and made the street very cheerful. There is
nothing so stimulating to creneral trade as an advance
i-i wheat, and in an inverse ratio a decline in this
great staple always has a tendency to make merchants
cautious. No marked advance is expected, owing to
the favorable outlook for crops as a rule throughout
the world, but for some time the opinion has pre
vailed that wheat was > rather "lower than conditions
justified.
There is no slackening in the output of California
produce, which promises to be enormous this year.
The canners and driers are putting out immense quan
tities of fruit, which is meeting with an excellent de
mand at fine prices, owing to the shortage in the
and Europe. There is a stiff demand for new
hop?, but the growers will not sell, even at the good
prices bid by buyers. Cattle, sheep and hogs con
tinue high and wanted, provisions are in active de
mand, lumber is lively at the recent advances, a keen
inquiry for fall wool is expected by the trade, the
export trade of the coast was never livelier, and so it
goes all along the line, one unbroken exhibit of
prosperity.
Leon Dennery went to San Quentin on Saturday —
as a visitor.
DASTARDLY ATTACK ON T HE CITY.
T ptiE railroad company does not
want idle, desperate men running
around this city, and the citizens
of San Francisco do not want them.
1 — Extract jiom an address of the managing editor
\of the Examiner in reference to the returning
\ volunteers as reported vesterd.iv in the Examiner.
A writer tor the Examiner pleaded hysterically yes
| terday that somebody in California should do some
j thing "big"- in connection with the home-coming oi
\ the volunteers. The pleader asked for what he be-.
f lieved to be the impossible, something which would
, never be forgotten within the borders of the State
; and which would, in the memory of the nation, mark
California as the premier of States. The caslc of seem
ing impossibility has. in a single sentence, been ac
complished by the managing editor of the Examiner, j
This man has prostituted the patriotism of Americans
to gain a point in a petty quarrel for his employer.
He has outraged the sense of common decency
; which San Franciscans have always displayed. He has
; dishonored the State and has raised it to an evil
dignity of ill-fame because it harbors him and tolerates
the methods he represents. He has insulted the peo
ple of other States, and with a purpose baser than
that of him who barters his honor, has attempted to
brand the returning heroes of the Philippines as idle
I vagabonds, desperate characters, who come unwel
! come to the city and remain as feared and despised
malefactors.
With no other authority than his impudence, and
with no other criterion of decency than his own, he
speaks for the people of San Francisco and says that
; they do not want among them the brave men who
\ left their families and homes, their occupations and
'■ their ambitions to travel to the Southern seas to fight
for the nation's flag. It seems past belief that such
shameless effrontry could be shown even by the Ex
aminer, ready ever to betray a public interest and de
j base a private principle to serve its own selfish end.
but the proof is in the newspaper of which the man
aging editor is the authoritative head, and the motive
I is in the public's possession.
Not long ago the Examiner was deprived of its
; bribe money of $iooo a month by the Southern Pacific
! Company. The newspaper had become useless to de
! fend the corporation and harmless to injure it. The
! proprietor and his employe chafed under a sense of
| double injury. They felt as scoundrels whose scoun
drelism had been "made public. They have since lost
not a single opportunity to make reprisals. In tips
\ quarrel The Call is not concerned except where a pub
| lie interest is involved and where the people of thib
I city and State are to be made the victims of a
! dastardly misrepresentation which will do immeasur
! able harm.
When the managing editor of the Examiner says in
cowardly insinuation that the people of San Francisco
did not welcome the returning soldiers gladly he lies.
Tie speaks for himself and for his employer and in
their eyes is the vanishing glitter of a lost bribe.
When the managing editor of the Examiner declar-s
by blackguard implication that the citizens of this city
contributed their money and paid the tribute of their
praise to the volunteers in deceit he speaks the prin
ciple which has dominated his employer and the Ex
aminer in this community and he speaks for no one
else.
On Friday last the Examiner characterized the re
turning volunteers as worthy heroes. It suited the
Examiner then to call them so because a grudge
against General Shatter was to be satisfied. When a
bitterer spite was to be satisfied, when the double loss
of dishonest dollars and the sting of public shame were
to be revenged, worthy heroes became desperate, dan
gerous men.
But the Examiner has carried its despicable game
too far. It has made itself a public enemy. It has
attempted criminally, but in blind stupidity, to make
the people of the country and their returning heroes
the victims of its shameful scheme. In the face of
such an enemy the people of San Francisco have a
common cause. They are bound in duty to defend
themselves against an attack which would dishonor
their city in the view of all others and rob them of the
simple tribute of having done what their patriotism
dictated at a time when patriotism is the most sacred
virtue of a people who have given their dearest ones
as sacrifices to their nation's honor.
THE COMING AUTOMOBILE.
DISPATCHES from Washington announce that
the Government has been experimenting with
automobiles in the postoffice service and will
probably make extensive use of them in that city and
in Porto Rico. That is a curious combination. The
national capital and an outlying colony with a back
number civilization are to be made the scenes of
postal progress while the country at large is to be
kept waiting.
It would be impertinent, perhaps, to inquire why
the Government has decided to make its experiments
in Washington and a far-off island rather than in
San Francisco and Santa Clara Valley. There are
good reasons for the decision. Some time in the past
an automobile, under the highest patronage and with
the best auspices, started from New \ork for San
Francisco. The President and the Postmaster Gen
eral, as well as the rest of the country, have doubtless
been watching that experiment with close attention
and have learned from it so much that in undertak
ing experiments of their own they have thought it
best to begin operations on the smooth asphalt pave
ments of the capital or to try the country roads in a
remote island "far off amid the melancholy main."
The action of the Government will of course be
widely commended. It is well known the transconti
nental automobile is The Call's automobile, and the
people are always well pleased to see the Government
follow the leadership of The Call and profit by it.
Our automobile entered Ohio just before the
glorious primary elections of this city in which all the
bosses and the yellow journal were swept from' the
political horizon. In the uproar of that great event
the machine was lost sight of, but Ohio remains on
the map, and through the dawn's early light it can
be seen the machine is still there.
As there are women in Ohio with faces that have
been known to stop a freight train, some people may
suppose the automobile was stopped in that way.
Such a supposition would be erroneous. The self
propelling vehicle stopped in its own way. It is not
the first thing that has stuck on Ohio, and people
; shouldn't be too curious in such matters.
i In one respect the undertaking has been successful.
THE SAN FBJLBTCISCO CALL, 31OyMY, AUGUST 14, 1399.
It has verified the predictions of The Call. When the
automobile started The Call said the experiment
would test the mechanism and show where it is de
fective, and the results have been even so. There has
been revealed every defect in the machine from the
cylinders to the nut washers. It was said the trip
would test the country roads, and it has shown that
some roads are rough, some are mudoy and some
have ditches, and that the machine can break on the
rough" places, stick in the muddy places and run into
the ditches with the greatest facility. It was pointed
out that the appearance of the vehicle on rural roads
would prove whether people took an- interest in it and
whether cattle were scared of it, and so it did. It
was an object of more popular interest than a circus;
it was as startling to animals as a yellow journal freak
to humanity, and it once chased a cow for half a mile
and would have caught her if a valve hadn't broken.
• The automobile is coming. It shall be in California
even as in Porto Rico. If the one now waiting for the
election processions in Ohio to pass do not reach
here in time for exhibition as a specimen of successful
mechanism at the Mechanics' Institute Fair, it will
still serve an exposition purpose. It will be hauled to
Chicago and placed. on a monument in front of the
Art Gallery of that city as the bust of the century.
OUR esteemed contemporary the Boston Her- i
aid devoted recently about a page of its space
to what is seemingly a tremendous sensation
in New England. The nature of the sensation was
well expressed in the headline: "Chinese Puzzle — Full j
Grown Celestials Pass as Boys — Find Fathers in Can- j
ada — Coolies Become -Merchants by a New Process —
The Exclusion Act Is Evaded — Revelations at Burl- I
ington, Vermont, During the Trials There."
From the vast array of facts spread forth over |
a page of closely printed matter, it is learned the bland
ainl child-like coolie has matched his unsophisticated ;
( (riental ingenuity against the shrewdness of the
Yankee in the Yankee's own home and has got the
better of him.
From the evidence given, it is clear there can be
no telling how many Chinese have managed to get i
into this country by the back door of New England. :
It is known now that hundreds who had no right to '
enter have not taken the trouble to smuggle them
selves in, but have walked up to the officers of the
Government and cleverly passed themselves off as i
American-born or as persons privileged under the
treaty.
It is noted that the cases most difficult to deal with
by the New England authorities are those of Chinese
claiming to have been born in the United States,
but educated in China. The thing that puzzles^ Boston I
is the fact that these natives have no difficulty in find
ing fathers in New England to vouch for them a-; his
children, pnd sometimes the father does not look
much older than the boy. Moreover, the number <<f
the natives is larger than seems quite right to New
England calculators. ;
The Herald says:
"It is noticed that the most of the boys coming j
in claim to have been born in San Francisco between ;
[875 and 1880. They do this because at that time there
was no adequate registry of births of Chinese in that
city. There could not have been more than 200
Chinese wives in that city during the years specified.
A birth rate of 50 boys a year would have been
abnormally large; yet in Vermont alone, for the five
years preceding this one, from 700 to 1000 alleged
native-born Chinese have been admitted, and the
number in the country is enormous."
The merchant dodge also is worked a way that
fatigues the Boston intellect. It is said:
"In Boston there are about 200 Chinese merchant*. !
and yet during 1897 and 1898 there were filed 3500
names of Chinamen alleged to be in business in Bos
ton. The method is this: A firm files a list of thirty
five partner?, and in the course of two years twenty
five will be admitted as returning partners. Logically
there should now be sixty partners, but as a matte r
of fact there are still thirty-five, but the names are all
new ones. When asked where the old partners have
gone, the reply is that they have sold oat and their
whereabouts is unknown. These new names remain
until they have served the purpose of unlawfully in
ducting some more Chinamen into the country, and
so the endless chain goes on."
Altogether the ingenuity of the little yellow man is
too much for the philanthropists. Even when they
know his tricks they cannot head him off. They
may know him to be lying when he claims to be i
native son of California or a merchant of Boston, but
they cannot catch him at it. He has his witnesses,
his certificate?, and everything else the officers de
mand, and it appears that ere long the New England
schoolteacher will not have to come to San Francisco
to see a Chinatown.
\A OST excellent is tlie suggestion of a cor
/ \ respondent that the programme of the theatri
* cal entertainment to be given for the benefit
of the volunteers' reception fund, be repeated at the
Grand Opera House. The plan has a double attrac
tion inasmuch as it will not only increase the revenue
to be derived from the entertainment, but will enable
persons who are not rich enough to compete in the
bidding for seats at the Orpheum to have a share in
the dramatic festival.
The details of the plan are given in our cor
respondent's letter published elsewhere, and need not
be repeated here. Suffice it to say the project is thor
oughly feasible. Mr. Morosco has offered the use of
the Grand Opera House, so there will be no difficulty
in that direction. For the actors and actresses to pass
from the one place to the other will be easy. Many
of them in the course of their careers have doubtless
made such double plays more than once, and it will
not be too much to ask them to repeat the perform
ance for the patriotic object in view.
It must be borne in mind the reception of the volun
teers is a movement in which all classes of citizens are
interested. Those who cannot afford to pay $50 or
even $5 for a seat at the benefit are just as patriotic
as those who can. State pride, national patriotism,
loyalty to the heroes of war and joy in their return
with victory, are feelings shared by all classes of citi
zens. It is right therefore that all should have a
chance to share in every undertaking set on foot for
the purpose of raising money for the reception.
Our correspondent is to be thanked for his sugges
tion. It is timely, pertinent, patriotic and popular.
It should be at once adopted and acted upon.
Mayor Phelan's position on the new tax levy seems
to be pretty well defined. He will stand sponsor for
all in it that is good and pass the buck to the Super
visors for the rest of it.
The authorities at Washington are now begging for
bread for the people for whom only a short time ago
there was a demand for bullets.
The Dominican insurgents are trying to hire Cuban
soldiers. There are some commodities not worth ac
cepting without cost much less buying.
BOSTON IS PUZZLED.
A GOOD SUGGESTION.
STATE MINING LAW.
MINERAL DISCOVERIES.
The news that because of a blunder in I
■the construction of the repealing act of
March 20, ISSQ; the State mining law of
I 1597 stands unrepealed will give the miners
and prospectors the biggest shaking up i
they .have received in a long time.
That the Legislature did not accom- ,
[•lish the repeal of the act of March 27,
is: 7. was early suspected or believed by
j a number of mining lawyers and mining
men, and several mining attorneys have
advised people to proceed under the State
law in making locations, but the discov
; cry did not become generally discussed or
, known, and miners proceeded according to
, old laws and forms all over the State, and
■ the announcement of the remarkable sit
uation in The Call of Saturday was prac
tically the first notice of their trouble the
, miners received.
After the adjournment of the Legisla
i ture 'the miners were much at sea re
garding the condition of the mining laws,
and the leading authorities appealed to
; ■by hundreds of inquirers kept repeating
j that the situation was simply as it was
j before. the State law was passed, mining
j .locations being governed wholly by the
Federal, law and by district regulations,
where such had been made. Late In May
; last Attorney General Ford wrote an opin
i ion on the . situation' from this standpoint,
! which was published in The Call of May
28', and added the following:
"Note — appears to be a slight er
ror in the wording of the repealing act of
, 1599, the effect of which I have not con- |
i sidered. I have assumed in the foregoing
; that the act of 1897 was effectually re-
I pealed."
This was the first published intimation
that anything was wrong with 'the repeal
ing act, which few took the trouble to look
up, but it went" unheeded and the State
law was disregarded. it was on the as
■ sumption that the repeal had been effect
; ed that the executive committee of the
1 California Miners' Association a few
weeks ago decided to have prepared forms
' of location notices according to the Fed
eral law, for which there was much in
quiry by miners, and it was during the
preparation of these forms by Attorney
: A. H. Ricketts last week that the discov
ery which became effective was made.
After thorough study Mr. Ricketts decided
that there was no question about the
i State law being still in force, and other
eminent attorneys agreed with him. Three
or four days ago E. H. Benjamin, secre
tary of the California Miners' Associa
tion, sent notice of this conclusion to va
rious people, and then The Call made it
generally known.
As stated in The Call on Saturday, the
act appears in the statutes as follows:
Charter CXIII.— An act to repeal "An act
j prescribing the manner of locating mining
' claims upon the public domain of the United
i States, recording notices of local thereof,
amending defective locations and providing for
I the deposit of district records with County Re
i corders, and prescribing the effect to be given
to reoordaxion of notices of location and affi
davits," approved March 27. 18S7.
1 The people of the .State of California, repre
| sented in Senate and Assembly, do enact as
I I'olluws,:
Section I— An act to repeal "An act prescrib
, ing the manner of locating mining claims upon
the public domain of the United States, record
ing notices of location thereof, amending de
fective locations and providing for the deposit
of district records with County Recorders, and
prescribing the effect to be given to recordation
; of notices of location and affidavits," approved
March 27. ls'.-T, is hereby repealed.
Sec. 2— This act mi. til take effect immediately.
The title of the act is all right, but a
; moment's consideration of the construe
! tion of Section l reveals the error. The
trouble can be quickly understood by
omitting the matter in quotation marks
I and reading: "An act to repeal (an act,
etc.), approved March 27, iv<7. is hereby
repealed. This accomplishes nothing. It
! repeals "an act to repeal," and there was
Ino such act to be repealed. If the act
I had read: "An act entitled 'An act, etc.,
♦ • •' is hereby repealed," the end sought
would have been accomplish* d.
Secretary of State Curry has certified
to the Mining and Scientific Press that the
act as published in the statutes is a true
I copy of the original bill. The legal opin
-1 ions of Mr. Kick, and others to the
effect that as Section 1 expresses a precise
and clear meaning in saying "an act to
repeal, etc.", is hereby repealed," a court
cannot assume an intent different from
that so expressed, and cannot substitute
the intent expressed in the title for that
expressed in the act itself. The intent of
the Legislature is not for judicial in
quiry. When there Is no ambiguity the
error cannot be cured by a court, and the
Stale mining law was never repealed.
Attorney General Ford naturally de
clines to commit himself too definitely in
advance of official action, but was will
ing to say: "The repeal of the law of 1897
is extremely doubtful, and I strongly ad
vise miners to strictly observe the State
law."
If the State law has been continuously
In effect since March 27, 1597, no mining
location made since then otherwise than
in accordance with it is a valid one. If |
It is not a valid location legal possession j
cannot be maintained, and the claim is !
subject to relocation by any one. Very
few claims have been located according
to that law since the supposed repeal,
and with claims located less than sixty
days before the attempted repeal but few
holders properly completed the location
by tiling a second notice, an, affidavit of
$50 worth of work, etc.
Hundreds of miners and holders or
claims by bond or purchase will be In sad
predicaments, and there will be a great
amount of trouble and uncertainty for
a long time. There has been more pros
pecting and more claims taken up this
year than ever before. On one day re
cently fifty location notices were Hied
with the recorder of Shasta County.
Prospectors have this year penetrated in
great numbers into every part of the min
eral regions of Northern California and
swarmed along the Sierra Nevadas and
over the southern districts. The copper
boom has resulted in the location of a
large number of copper claims from Fres
no County north through .ill the north
ern counties. A large number of oil
claims help swell the list. Practically
all these claims located during the past
six months will be without legal protec
tion until the State law is complied with.
As under the State law $50 worth of work
is required within sixty days, it will be
impossible for the average holder of a
number of claims to save them all by
promptly relocating them, the tax on his
resources being too great. With the sup
posed disappearance of this requirement
many prospectors proceeded to stake out
claims as fast as they could find anything
to locate, having, they assumed, un
till the end of the year 1900 to do the $100
worth of assessment work required by
the Federal law. With the return of the
$."0 and sixty-day requirement a great
many of these claims will be simply aban
doned. Some miners are far from claims
they have located, and some will not learn
poon that they must hustle if they have
claims they want to save. It is to be re
gretted that the way seems legally open
for claim-jumping and the troubles that
would follow, for a claim cannot be held
unless properly located, and the State
law now discovered to be in force saya:
All locations of quartz or placer formations
or deposits hereafter made which do not con
form to the requirements of this act. in so far
as the same are respectively applicable there
to, shall be void. .
The only thing for claim holders to do
is to promptly relocate according to the
State law and do their assessment wo-k
within two months. The forms of notices
required by it must be again resorted to.
There will be a season of much doubt and
inquiry and a variety of complications
will arise all over the State. '.!.". %
It will be remembered that' the Stato
law requires a preliminary notice, as fol
lows:
Sec. ■ 2 — The discoverer of any vein or lode
shall immediately upon making a discovery
erect at the points of discovery a substantial
monument or mound of rocks and cost thereon
a Drelimlnnry notice which shall contain:
First— The name of the lode or claim.
Second— The name of the locator or locators.
Third— The date at discovery.
Fourth— The number of lineal feet claimed in
lensfth along- the course of the vein each way
from the point of discovery.
Fifth— The width claimed on each side of the
center of the vein. ■ ; T -( '"'■■■ --.=
Sixth— The general course of the vein or
lode as near as may be.
Seventh— That such notice Is a first or pre
liminary notice.
This must be recorded with the County
Recorder within twenty days. Within
sixty days the discoverer must •do $50
worth of development .work, distinctly
mark the boundaries of the claim and
rile with the County Recorder a second
notice of location, which shall contain
the name of the locator, the date of dis
covery and of the posting of the prelimi
nary notice and "a description of the
I claim by boundaries and also by refer«»ncfl
to some natural object or permanent mon
ument-as will identify the claim."
There must be also filed an affidavit
1 that the $50 worth of work has been done.
Placer locations require two similar no- j
tices and $10 worth of work in sixty days. !
This law made a mining district record
made after March 27. 1897, of no legal
value and required the depositing of old
district records with 'the County Re
corder. The effect was a general disor- !
ganization of mining districts. Since the
supposed repeal of the law many mining |
districts have been reorganized and a j
number of district records have been re- I
turned -to districts. Now they must go ;
back to the County Recorder, though the )
recent records of locations in them have
no legal effect. The miners ofTuolumne '
County in convention at Sonora have or
ganized the whole county into a mining
district, adopted rules and regulations,
elected a recorder and prescribed a form i
of location notice, a!i of which, as in .
other districts, is of no effect.
Another discovery •of molybdenite in I
this State has been made, this time in
Ventura County. The following account, j
accompanied by samples of quartz rock
pronounced at the Minings-Bureau quite
rich in molybdenite, has been received by
The Call: ■ .• - -.»
L.EBEC, Kern County, Cal., Auk 7. 1899.
Editor Cad-Sir: Molybdenite has been dis
covered in the Gold Hill country. \entimi ,
County. For two or three years past the nun
ers and prospectors of this section nave been
troubled with a mineral supposed to be graph- j
ite, which does not occur in sufficiently large |
quantities to be of commercial value, ajia ow-
Ing to Its rebellious nature was considered a
nuisance. Investigation, however, has dis- i
closed the fact that the supposed graphite is
molybdenum. James McDonald, a miner who ;
knows mineral when he sees It. recently dis
covered such large . deposits of this metal in a
prospect he was opening up for gold on the
Alamo Mountain that he determined to ascer
tain Its true character and sent samples to a
Los Angeles metallurgist for analysis, with the
result stated. The report also shows a per
centage high enough to warrant a systematic
and thorough development of the ore body.
The mineral occurs in oxide, sulphide and car
bonate forms In a vein of Iron-stained quartz
six feet wide, inclosed between gray granite
walls, and has been traced about three miles j
along the line of strike. V. E. Fi «TS
Molybdenite is the chief ore of molyb
denum which has been classed as one of I
the "rare metals," though its occurrences j
are numerous. It has been found In many
places through the Eastern States and
in the western mineral regions. Including
California. It has been reported several,
times from Fresno and Kern .counties, I
and has been found elsewhere and has i
several times excited the interest and in- ;
quiry of prospectors who thought they i
had made valuable finds. It is found in ;
quartz granite and other rocks, generally j
in thin, irregular layers, and composing
but a very slight percentage of the rock.
It is easily mistaken for graphite, being
similarly soft and producing a similar
mark when rubbed on the lingers, but it i
may be distinguished by its bluish gray
cast, while graphite is black. Malybde- j
num is chiefly used in hardening and
toughening steel, for which purpose it is
substituted for tungsten, and for making i
a blue coloring for porcelain. So small
a quantity is demanded that the world is
practically supplied by one mine in Swe
den at about 90 cents per pound. It Is
best obtained from the ore in an electric
furnace. The supply is abundant -when
ever it is demanded. The Ventura j
County discovery would thus appear |
more interesting than commercially im- ;
portant. In auriferous quartz, malyb
denite interferes with amalgamation and
would hence be troublesome in working
the ore for gold.
California's first talc mine has been
opened in Ventura County by S. S. Simon
and talc is for the first time being pro
duced commercially in this State. Talc
is found abundantly all through the State
but rarely of sufficient whiteness and
purity to be of any commercial value. It
is largely demanded for the manufacture
of paper and for other uses, and It is ex
tensively produced in the East.
' J. O. DENNY.
PACIFIC COAST SURVEY.
Superintendent of the Service
Tells of the Work Done.
The main work of the survey consists
in the preparation of coast charts. At
present charts of California, Oregon and
Washington coasts have been carried to
a good deal of accuracy, but In Alaska
the survey is meeting the most difficult
problem it has yet to face in the 100 years
of its history. In Alaska are 20,00") miles
of uncharted coast. Navigation is still
further hindered by fogs. Until the last
five years but little need had been felt
for accurate charts of this region, but
within that time an enormous commerce
PROFESSOR H. S. PRITCHETT.
has sprung up in Alaskan waters and
every effort is being made to survey the
harbors and bays of the Alaskan coast
line. During the present season the sur
vey has five vessels at work in Alaskan
waters. Three of these are at work in
the neighborhood of the Yukon delta.
Into which stream an entrance from the
ocean Is being sought. Surveys of Cape
Nome and Golovim Bay are also being
made. Another party is at work in
Prince William Sound, and during the
paßt season the territory about the head
of the Lynn Canal, and which Is in
volved in* the boundary dispute, has been
surveyed and the information furnished
to the Department of State. At present
the most pressing need for surveys la
felt in regard to Prince William Sound
and Cooks Inlet and the passes through
the Aleutian Islands.
During the coming winter the survey
of the coast of Hawaii will be begun.
Congress has also authorized the begin
ning of surveys in the Philippines, but
this work will doubtless waft the pacifica
tion and gradual development of the is
lands.
Besides these great general lines of
work which the survey is pushing, the
following pieces of work are of special
interest to San Francisco and California:
1. The erection of a tidal indicator on
Alcatraz Island.
An automatic tidal indicator is in pro
cess of construction which will be erected
on Alcatraz Island within a few months.
This apparatus, by means of a large disk
over which an arm moves, will show to
the shipping in the harbor the exact
height of the tide and also whether it is
rising or falling, information of the
utmost value to the shipping.
2. The erection of an observatory at
T'kinh for determination of the variation
of latitude.
This work is carried on by the Coast
Survey for the International Geodetic As
sociation. This association was formed
a few years ago by about twenty of the
leading nations of the earth for a co
operative study of the size and figure of
the earth and of other geodetic prob
lems. Among these problems, and on»
very recently brought to the attention of
geometers, is the phenomenon known as
the variation of latitude. It is found that
thin variation Is due to th* fact that the
earth's axis instead of being fixed a* the
earth travels through ■pace, has a Flight
wobble bo to apeak. This displacement
may throw the, earth's axis as much a*
fifty feel away from the plane it would
occupy if fixed, and consequently change
the latitude by this amount. In order to
completely determine the amount of thlr
chTnce and Its period the Internationa^
association has established six obserya
rorlea in exactly the same Parallel of
latitude Two of these are in the United
are distributed around the earth on the
El
Jt an," pl&e Sn be predicted for the MM
yon venrs with great accuracy.
3 *The establishment of a magnetic ob
■scrvatorv on the Pacific Coast. , •* .
One of the* most important pieces of
work with which the Coast and Geodetic
Survey is charged Is the magnetic^sur
v v ,. n Y the country and of tne ocean
aria? It is hoped* to complete th s sur
vey within ten years and-£.to^ f, s n ,Jfo?
within that time true meridian In. s, for
2SS«fiiSi I SS2S? thVs
to enable the observers to take account
of the variations and fluctuations m the
earths magnetism, magnetic ob
servatories will oe maintained during
this period, at which continuous
wil] be obtained which will gs
the reduction of all magnetic o£servatlo is
io a common epoch. One of these obs, -
vatories will be located near the city, <>f
Washing" D. C. (it ".cannot be locat^l
In the city on account of the ai&turt.
knee from electric wires), one will bo
established in Hawaii and a third at 'some
point on the Pacific Coast not yetxhosen.
Magnetic observatories are already es
tablished at Toronto. Havana. Mexico
and Manila, which will co-operate with
he three mentioned. This work is one of
the most important as well as one of the
most practical applications of science
both for the surveyor and the navigator.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
Coaling at sea receives much attention,
in foreign navies. The international
squadron at Crete had a competitive test
In which the British came out aw;->
--nhead. The French took in thirty to forty
tone an hour, the Italians twenty tons, the
Germans, Austrians and Russians aver
aged about ten tons, while the British
took in their coal at a little over a hun
dred tons per hour.
At the recent meeting of the Institution
of Naval Architects in London, a paper
was read from Chief Engineer Melvilbi
relating to the triple-screw system and
strongly advocating its extension. In
discussing the paper read Sir White, direc
tor of naval construction in the British
navy, declined to enter into any critical
analysis of the unreliable proposition,
saying that he was anxious to keep an
open mind on all subjects, but that Mr.
Melville's paper contained but a few
facts, a great many opinions, not a few
speculations and some arguments."
The French Ministry of Marine finds it
self in a predicament such as is unparal
leled in any other navy. The sea-groin?
officers are averse to shore duty and its
attendant sedentary occupations, and
prefer to be either unemployed or to go to
.st-a. As a consequence orders have twen
issued that hereafter officers must taka
their turn of shore duty for a certain un
interrupted period, and no excuse will be
accepted to escape office work in the sev
eral departments or at yards. There is no
such objection in our navy against shore
duty, and such officers as have declined
duty at Washington are phenomena.
With the new scale of pay there is. on
the contrary, likely to be a scramble for
shore duty, as the pay in some grades is
now actually less white at tea than on
shore. No such inducement exists In ir.y
other navy to forego sea service and ac
cept the monotony of three years" shore
duty.
The Japanese battleship Hatsuse, re
cently launched at the Elswick yard, is
!of 15,000 tons displacement. 400 feet :n
length. 76 feet 6 inches beam and 27 feet
draught. The belt of Krupp armor Is :•
inches maximum thickness, tapering to I
inches at ends, and the lower deck ?uns
I are in a casement 250 feet in length of
! 8 inches thickness. The battery consists
of four 12-inch wire-wound guns in urn
] ]4-inch barbettes, fourteen 6-inch quick
I lirers of 45 caliber, twenty 12-poumU?rs,
i eight 3-pound, rs, four 2Vt-pounders and
; four submerged torpedo tubes. The pro
l tective deck is 2^ to 4 inches thick, an'l
the 6-inch guns on the main deck are In
| 6-inch casemates with 2-inch protection
at the back. The horsepower will be
14.500. giving a speed of eighteen knots,
and the normal coal carried on twenty
seven feet draught is 700 tons, with a
bunker capacity of 1690 tons.
An interesting table of the weights and
relative efficiency of Scotch boilers and
water-tube boilers in the British navy
I has just been issued by the Admiralty.
The first two groups of battleships of
eight and ten were built in 1890 and iM«~>
I and had «-ight cylindrical or Scotch >> >il
■ ers. The group of six battleships represent
i the Canopus class, recently completed,
I which have twenty Belleville boilers.
MACHINERY AND BOILER DATA OF
BRITISH BATTLESHIPS.
: : : - : 3 :p, :
••••- ; • : ? -.ri;?
Eight Dattiesnips
~
8
»
Ten battleships j
g:
IU.
6,
......
;.. iio.ao:
1.341; i7.i*
....14.371
.A B, ofi.'
1,290 623311.66:
.J16.61:
Six battleships
I i ,
The above averages for each group in
j dicates beyond doubt the advantage of
■ water-tube boilers over the Scotch bcil
i ers in giving Increased power. Their coal
| consumption is also no greater than tha
| old-type boiler.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per Ib at Townsend's. •
"U'edding invitations, visiting cards, fine
stationery and printing at Sanbora &
j Vails. t *
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 M.oni
gorutry street. Telephone Main 1042. •
1 • '
Yang-Tu. China's delegate to the
1 Peace Congress, was educated at Har
vard. _^__________^_
! "Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
! Has been uoc<i for fifty; years by millions at
I mothers for their children while Teething with
■ perfect success. It soothes • the child, softens
! th* gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, regu
] lates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
! other causes. For sale by drug-gist* in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow'B Soothing Syrup, 200 a bottle.
: ■' >■■' .v , « ♦ » .
President McKinley and His Wife
I Will travel over the Northern Pacific Railway
i wh«n they visit the famous Yellowstone Park.
- They intend viewing the new geyser that
spouts a tremendous stream of boiling waler
to the height of the Call building. Ifs a
wonderful sight. Send €c In stamps for book
telling all about it to T. K. STATELER Gen
Agt., 638 Market st. S F
very Low Bates East.
On August 29 and 30. the popular Sante Fa
route will sell tickets to Philadelphia and re
turn at the very low rate of *S8 85. Occa
sion. National Encampment. G. A R Call aft
628 Market st. for full particulars.
HOTEL DEL COROxN'ADO-Take adnnna
of the round rrop tickets. Now only «S0 by
steamship. including .fifteen days" board *
hotel; longer stay. t2 50 per day. Apply M.A
New Moauomery street, San Francisco.HOLY GROSS IS
DEDICATED BY
THE ARCHBISHOP
The Ceremonies atthe
Church.
AN IMMENSE THRONG ATTENDS
AN ABLE SERMON BY BISHOP
MONTGOMERY.
Beautiful Music Rendered by an Aug
mented Choir — Kind Words for
Pastor and Congrega
tion.
His Grace, the Most Rev. Archbishop
TUordan, In the name of God yesterday
received the handsome edifice erected for
the Holy Cross Church from the hands of
the faithful by whose piety and generos
ity it was built, and solemnly dedicated it
to the exclusive purposes of divine wor
ship. Henceforth the structure is with
drawn from profane use and, in the em-
Iphatic- language of the Scriptures. It be
comes a "house of God."
The ceremonies attending the dedication
• ■•: Holy Cross 1 new home were impressive
and beautiful. There was not a person
within the walls of the sacred edifice who
was not awed by the solemnity of the
occasion. The Archbishop, robed In full
canonicals and attended by deacons of
honor, was present, as were also the
bishops of the northern and souther] sec
tions of the State, tog-ether with many
priests from the various parishes in this
City and vicinity. Acolytes attired in red
cassocks to the number of twenty par
ticipated in the services, and their cos
tumes, in contrast with the austere garb
of the priests, had a striking effect.
Had the church been twice its size it
could hardly have held the crowd which
eagerly tried to gain admittance. With
wise forethought the pastor and his as
sistants issued cards of admission to the
members of the parish, and these magic
boards opened the way to a seat.
Those unable to gain admittance content
ed themselves with standing in the vesti
bule for hours.
The services opened promptly at 10:30
a. m. with an organ prelude. The
Archbishop, preceded by the acolytes
bearing lighted candles, officials of the !
mass and the visiting priests, entered the !
chancel and began the ceremony of dedi-
I cation Accompanied by the officiating
clergymen his Grace first proceeded down j
the center aisle to the front of the church, ;
and as those In the procession gathered !
around him he sprinkled holy water on j
the doors and walls, accompanying the
action with appropriate prayers.
On returning to the altar the litany was
chanted, and again the. procession moved ;
with solemn tread through the aisles of !
the church, the Archbishop sprinkling the ,
walls of the church while the deacons of .
honor alternately read prayers from the
service of dedication. On the return to ;
the chancel the celebration of the mass ;
commenced. Rev. E. A. Kelly of Chicago, ,
a classmate of Father John F. McGinty, j
was the celebrant of the mass; Rev. John j
E. Cottle of St. Brigid's, deacon; Rev. ,
John P. Coyle of the Star of the Sea, sub- :
deacon; Rev. P. E. Mulligan, master of i
ceremonies, and Rev. R. Sampson, assist
ant master of ceremonies. Gounod's |
"Grand Messe Solenelle" was rendered by
the choir during the mass. At the con- !
elusion A)f the solemn high mass Father '
McGinty made a few announcements, and
was followed by Rt. Rev. Bishop Mont
gomery, who preached In his usual elo- !
quent style. He spoke in part as follows:
And Jesus told to them, go, therefore,
into th- whole world and teach the gospel
to every creature. He that belleveth and
Is baptized . hall be saved; he that be
lieveth not shall be condemned. Having
piven the text he addressed himself to the
Archbishop, Bishop, reverend gentlemen
and the brethren as follows: '"It Is my
happy privilege to-day to congratulate the
pastor and the people of Holy Cross parish
on the completion of this magnificent
church and Its solemn dedication to the
service of Almighty God. Henceforth it ■
will stand as a monument of the faith, the
zeal and the piety of both pastor and peo
ple. Whilst is a true that the dedication of
a house of worship in an active and grow
ing population la not a matter of rare
occurrence, nevertheless it always brings
to our mind the mission and the work of
the church as an institution. We learn
when very young in our catechisms that the
■work of the church Is to teach, sanctify and
save souls. The work of the church ie ever
the same. Her object Is to teach the truths
of God and apply them to the souls of men
and pave them."
The speaker then told of the obstacles, dif
ficulties, and temptations in the way of such
teaching.
At the offertory "O Cor Amoris" was
rendered by Miss Lilly Roeder and Miss >
Ella V McCloskyn. The Archbishop con
cluded the services by giving the pontifi- i
cal blessing. While standing on his throne
he delivered the following words to the
congregation:
I would like to pay one word before we
leave this beautiful church. I desire to
extend first my congratulations to the rev
erend pastor of the parish and then to his
devoted parishioners my heartfelt congratu
lations on the completion of this great
work begun but a few months ago for the
honor and glory of God, and to-day dedi
cated to divine worship.
It is not an ■ easy matter to build a
church like this. I can speak from ex
perience. The nights of anxiety, the days
of labor, the going about securing aid is
not congenial, and yet your pastor has done
it successfully and quickly, and has done
It because you were impressed with the
need of a church. And to him first of all
congratulation and to you who aided him
my heartfelt congratulations.
The Archbishop was attended by i
fathers Lagan and Frieden as deacons of '
honor. Bishop Montgomery had Fathers
Vlebert and Sardi as deacons of honor, j
and Bishop Grace of Sacramento, Fathers ;
Pius Murphy and D. O. Crowley. Among
the priests in the sanctuary were: Fathers i
Dempsey, Cummlnes. Culligan, Santan- j
•
TRANSPORT CENTENNIAL ON A REEF NEAR POINT ENGANO.
Archbishop Riordan Blessing the Doors of the New Holy Cross Church
drew, I, ally, Augustine. Maximilian. Wall
rath, Hynes, Collopy, and D. Nugent.
In the evening the pretty church was
again crowded to the doors by the devout.
Rev Father Wallrath of Colusa celebrat
ed vespers. Rev. Father Gallagher, S. J..
of Santa Clara was deacon; Rev. Father
Byrne of Novato, sub-deacon, and Rev,
Father Coyle, master of ceremonies. The
celebration of solemn vespers concluded,
Rev. P. E. Mulligan delivered the ser
mon. The services closed with a benedic
tion of the Most Blessed Sacrament. The
musical programme, as in the morning.
was select and well rendered, adding
much to the impressive ceremonies.
SERVICES IN MEMORIAM.
Pastor and Laymen of Simpson Me
morial Church Tell of Good Deeds
of the Late Captain Goodall.
Special services were held at Simpson
: Memorial Church yesterday in memory
of the late Captain Charles Goodall, who
was one of the most prominent members
of the congregation. Addresses were de
; livered by the Rev. John Stephens, the
: pastor; Dr. Nelson J. Bird, I. J. Truman,
William Abbott and others. Dr. Bird,
' who has been associated with Captain
i Goodall in church work for many year: ,
spoke eloquently of the worth and Chrls
■ tianity of decedent. He said in part:
"My intimate relations with Captain
• Goodall fur many years makes his death a
lar sorrow to me; a sorrow it
3, in addition to that which !s
i common to us all in this church; rela
that were not only a social
honor, but were also a formative potency
ay own character, exemplifying the
scriptural truth that 'as iron sharpeneth
iron, so a man sharpeneth the counten
ance of his friends.' W< cannot know
the greatness of the life of this frond man
until we follow the widening diamel
: the inspiration of his character upon the
lives of thousands to the shores of eter
i nal life."
J. F. Spitz Lost His Watch.
F. J. Deford, a dishwasher, was booked
at the City Prison early yesterday morn
ing by Policemen O'Meara and Callahan
on a charge of grand larceny. About 4
o'clock the officers were notified that a
man was "rolling a drunk" on Mission
street, and they saw Deford walking
away from a man who was stretched out
on the sidewalk. They arrested D<
Whfr searched nothing was found in his
pockets. The ••drunk" proved to be J. F.
Spitz, a cigarmaker. living at 638 Minna
street, and he said he had lost his watch
and chain. Spitz was sent to the Receiv
ing Hospital.
Blood Poisoning Causes Death.
M. M. McGregor, a farmer residing
near Modesto, died at the French Hos
pital in this* city Saturday evening from
blood poisoning. McGregor was caught in
a thrashing machine and had his ri; m
hand badly lacerated. He came to this
city a few days ago for medical treat
ment, and the doctors at the hospital
told him that it would be necessary to
amputate the member in order t<> pre
serve his life. To this proposition Mc-
Gregor objected and soon the fatal blood
poisoning set in.
Trunks, valises, traveling rolls, purses.
Best goods, best values, at Sanborn &
Vails. •
THE SAX FRAK CISCO CALL, MONDAY. AUGUST 14, 1899.
THE TRANSPORT
CENTENNIAL IN
GREAT DANCER
Went on a Coral Reef
Near Manila.
CARGO HAD TO BE JETTISONED
FILIPINOS TRIED TO CAPTURE
THE STEAMER.
One of the Centennial's Crew Killed.
Sick and Wounded Soldiers
Came Home on the
Transport.
The Tnited States transport Centennial
arrived from Manila yesterday morning
after a most exciting round trip. S •
I narrowly escaped a couple 6f typhoons,
was ashore on a coral reef and the en
tin crew barelj escaped capture at the
hands of the Filipinos; one of the sailors
siiled by a parting hawser and one
of thf quartermasters was stabbed by a
colored cook. In spite of all these inci
both officers and men are well sat
isfied with their ship, and all of them are
eager to go out on her again when she
sails for the Philippines.
The Centennial left here in May last
with a valuable cargo of supplies for Gen- i
oral Otis. While rounding the north end
of the Island of Luzon she struck on a
Bunken reef off Point Engano and stuck
there hard and fast for fourteen hours.
Filipinos in bancas and canoes put off
from the mainland and hovered around
the steamer. Some of them ranged along- i
side, but Captain Eagles ordered them '
away, and when some of his men ap- '
I armed with rifles the Filipinos
Sheered Off.
Soon after this a hand of mounted rebels
arrived on the beach. They sent word to
Captain Eagles that in the morning they
would bring a thousand men from the In
terior to help to get the vessel off. AH
this time the engines of the Centennial
had been going full speed astern, but they
failed to budge the transport. Captain
Eagles, seeing that if hr- waited for high
water an armed band of Filipinos would
swoop down on him. began to jettison the
cargo. Machinery, saddles and bridles,
canned beef, cases of hardtack, canned
fruit, salmon and other supplies were
dropped overboard. In all, goods valued
at over $13,000 were thrown out. and the
pile was almost out of the water when the
ship floated oft' the ledge.
"We were all badly scared, I can tell
you," said one of the officers yesterday.
"Captain Eaglea told us that if we did
not get the vessel off the Filipinos would
Joot the cargo and every one of us would
be made prisoners or killed. While we
were hoisting the cargo over the side the
Filipinos increased in number and became
more and more venturesome, as they
thought we would be unable to get off.
Tlkti- were Indications of their not wait
ing for the help that was coming from
the interior, and once or twice I made
sure they were going to board us. Finally
Second Assistant Engineer Gottlob and
Third Assistant Carr got a kedge out over
the stern and we managed to warp the
Centennial out Into deep water. We were
none too soon, either, i can tell you, for
just as we got the steamer under way
the 'promised assistance 1 arrived. It con
sisted of about a thousand armed rebels,
and it would have been all day with us
if we had still been on that coral reef."
The Centennial reached Manila without
any mishap after that. On her arrival
divers were Bent down, who reported that
part of the keel was gone but the vessel
was not otherwise damaged. She will pro
on the drydock here for an overhauling,
and before sailing again for the Philip
pines will have new boilers put In.
Charles Jackson, one of the crew of the
Centennial, was brought here in irons.
lie is charged with stabbing Quartermas
ter Herman Brevy. From what the men
on the transport say Brevy was the ag
gressor. He called Jackson names and be
pan to punch him. Jackson then pulled a
I sheath-knife and plunged It into ISrevy's
abdomen. The wounded man was taken
; to St. Bernard's Hospital, at Nagasaki,
where he lay in a precarious condition
when the Centennial sailed. On the ar
rival of the transport Jackson was handed
over to the harbor police, who will turn
him over to the United States Marshal to
i day.
One of the Centennial's crev* was killed
| at Manila by a parting hawser, and a sol
' dier was nearly swept overboard. There
was a terrific strain on the cable as the
' ship was swinging to it. Captain Eagles
warned the soldier and Quartermaster
Hanson to seek a place of safety. Neither
man heeded the warning, and just as the
rope slipped out of the "chock" the mate
grabbed the soldier and saved him. The
sailor was struck by the rope, and his
arms and legs were broken. He also re
ceived internal injuries from which he
died In a couple of hours. The Centennial
] brought up the following passengers:
Lieutenant James P. Harbeson. Twelfth In
fantry; Lieutenant Franklin M. Kemp, United
States engineers; Lieutenant Edwin E. Haw-
I kins South Dakotas; Lieutenant James S.
I Parker, Sixth Cavalry; Mrs. L. M. Fox. Sioux
Falls S D.; Alfred Hubert, "Freedom," Ma
nila;' Lieutenant Yates. Ninth Infantry; Li/u
--tenant W. S. Overton, Third Artillery; Major
.? W Hannay. Thinl Infantry; Mrs. Hannay
(Invalided home). Miss Hannay, Mr. Hannay;
Captain C. F. Spear, Minnesota, left .-hi,i at
•Nagasaki; Captain N. H. Kell. Twenty-.ie<:on'l
Infantry; Mrs. Kell, Mrs. Palm, Red Crwc;
Miss Stowelll, Government nurse; Major B. C.
Lockwood. Twenty-first Infantry, Master
Lock wood Mrs. Lock wood; Mrs. Franklin, wife
of Lieutenant Thomas Franklin, Twenty-third
Infantry; Mrs. Blanchard, wife of Corporal
Blanchard, Seventeenth Infantry band; Dr. J.
U. Darling, in charge of the ship; Captain J.
F. Evans, commissariat: Frank Kenny, pri
vate Second Oregon; James Hope, corporal.
Company B. Fourth Infantry; Michael Black,
private. Company C, Twenty-second Infantry;
Russell Bethel, commissary sergeant. Seven
teenth Infantry; Philip Henderson, sergeant,-
Company M, Seventeenth Infantry; Robert
Lewis, Company I?, Fourth Infantry; Vernon
Btlrea Company M. Colorado; John Zooga, cor
poral. Company B, Seventeenth Infantry; John
15. Havens, private. Company A. Eighteenth
Infantry; John A. Wyatt. Hospital Corps; Al
fred Plant, Company A. Twentieth Kansas;
Then Dangerfleld, sergeant. Company B, Iowa;
Georgia O. Gallagher, private. Company I,
Minnesota; John F. Ferguson, Company A.
Montana; John C. Bullard Company A, Mon
tana; William Holes. Company A. Montana;
John McLeod, Company B, Montana; Charles
Kerr, Company B. Montana: James Cameron.
' Company C Montana; George D. Nickers. Com
pany D, Montana; Richard B. Nickers, Com
pany D. Montana: ■Ktlsha Slpprell, Company
D Montana; Walter Powers, Company E. Mon
! tana; John Jonas. Company F. Montana; Ed
win Bowen, Company F. Montana; Andrew J.
Merton. Company I. Montana: William A. Bon
ham, Company I. Montana: Fred Jones, Com
pany I, Montana; John Clinton, Company X,
Montana; Joseph K. Jette. Company K. Mon
tana; Robert Ormiston, corporal. Company L,
[ Montana: Seifert Johnson, Company L, Mon- I
tana; George Hynes. Company L. Montana;
Carl A. Rtoinmetz, Company M, Montana: I).
M. Blaisdell. Hospital Corps: Harry A. Green.
Hospital Corps; Wlllard A. Clark, corporal.
Company D, Twenty-second Infantry: Frank
L. Dees, corporal. Company F. Twentieth In
fantry; Emory Hayes (discharged without
honor), Company C. Thirteenth Infantry;
Charles Sumner (discharged without honor).
Light Battery G, Sixth Artillery; John D.
Moore (discharged without honor), musician.
Company A. Thirteenth Infantry: August Bo
fiuet (discharged without honor). Hospital
Corps: George Bristol. Wyoming Light Artil- I
lery: Richard Hayes. Thirtenth Infantry; Fr?d
hJk F5 B Eg S^ K BE ■fc - *jfr ff -^ am
This week has brought a larger sub-
scription to Union-Consolidated Oil stock
than expected. .....
No More Will Be Sold at $3,50 Per
Share After August 15th.
All who have investigated believe as we
do, that every dollar Invested now will be
worth at least a hundred the moment we
strike oil. We are right In the wonderful
Panoche belt, and the leading experts de-
clare our land positively oil bearing. Wells
are to be sunk at once and oil is predicted
at 600 feet. A few shares purchased now
may make a fortune that years of hard
work, self-denial and saving could never
accumulate.
Prospectus With Full Particulars Free.
UNION CONSOLIDATED OIL AND
TRANSPORTATION CO.,
322-323 Parrott Building, San Francisco. ,
Nugent (discharged without honor). Hospital
Corps; Will G. Emmett.
Major B. C. Lockwood. Captain Kell and
Lieutenant Hawkins are invalided home.
Lieutenant Parker has been promoted to
a first lieutenancy in the Sixth Cavalry,
and comes home to join his troop. Lieu
tenant J. B. Haberson was wounded in the
leg at Paranaque. Lieutenant A. W .
Yatea received a sunstroke. He is par
alyzed on one side. Lieutenant \\ . »■
Overton is wounded in the leg. Dr. Kemp
has been ordered to Fort Hamilton, New
York.
The Centennial was thirty-two days
coming from Manila, and twenty-one days
from Nagasaki. She sailed from Manila
just after a typhoon had been raging, and
reached Nagasaki immediately before one
broke out. The transport behaved well
throughout the trip, and her officers all
sing her praises. They say that any other
I steamer would have been pounded to
pieces on the coral reef at Point Engano,
while the Centennial escaped with a few
dented plates and the loss of a portion
of her keel. __
RED MEN CHIEFS ARRIVE.
Escorted From the Ferry to Turners
Hall by Local Braves.
The pram! officers and delegates of the
Independent Order of Red Men arrived
from the East at quarter-past 10 o'clock
yesterday morning. The local lodge, fa.
dfic No. 66, turned out 500 strong to
meet them, ar>out fifty of the t cort be
ing mounted and attired in the full war
regalia of the American Indian.
Twenty-five carriages completed the
m ssion. containing, besides the
visitors, sixteen of the officers and ex
presldents of the Daughters of Poca
hontas.
At Turner Hall an ample breakfast
was served, Grand Chief Fowhattan
Ackermann. Grand Chief of California
Landmann, C. H Rode and others making
short ad'lross^p. After the banquet me
grand officers wrere conducted to the
Golden West Hot< !
To-day will be spent in sightseeing, the
Supreme Lodge convening Tuesday
morning. Among the visiting officers are:
Grand Supreme Secretary Gustave AVahle
of Chicago and P. Lenderking, grand
supreme treasurer, of Baltimore.
AT THE PARK AND CLIFF.
Crowds Were Small Owing to the
Threatening Weather.
The threatening weather kept many
people indoors y< sterday, and as a natural
result the crowd- at the park, beach and
other pleasure places were small. No ac
cidents of serious nature occurred, which
was fortunate, as the Park Emergency
Hospital still remains closed. At the
Chutes many people enjoyed the various
: attractions," Interest being divided oe
tween the zoo and the vaudeville perform
| ance in the pavilion. At the Sutro Baths
; the usual aquatic programme entertained
i the crowd, the results being as follows:
Fifty-yard dash, novice, R. Cook first, R.
Irving second; 100-yard dash, juvenile. R.
Dahl first, G. Hanton second; ICHJ-yard
dash, amateur. G. Wallace first. R. i>ahl
second; fifty-yard tub race, F. Haker first,
C. Royal second; trick and fancy spring
board "diving. F. Baker first, C. Augustus
second; diving for plate, K. Bonniiield
first. ('. Augustus. second.
i ADVERT SEMENTS.
Mrs. Morris' Letter to
* EVERV WIFE AND MOTHER.
[I.F.rTF.R TO ÜBS. PINKHAM NO. 14,363]
; ; :"I have taken oi<fht bottles of Lydia
, i E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
: frith gratifying 1 results. I had been
I ; married four years and had two chil-
dren. I was all run down, had falling
' ■ of womb with ail its distressing symp-
; toras. I had doetored with a good
physician, but I derived very little good
from his treatment. After taking a
few bottles of your medicine, I was
able to do my work and nurse my seven-
months'-old babe. I recommend your
medicine to every wife and mother.
i Had I time, I could write much more
1 in its praise. I bid you God's speed in
: your good work." — Mrs. L. A. Mobkis,
Welaka, Putnam Co., Fla.
•' Dkar Mrs. Pinkiiam— When I com-
menced the use of your remedies I was
very bad oft. Every two weeks I was
troubled with flowing-spells which made
me very weak. I had two of the best
doctors, but they did not seem to help
; me.
"They said my trouble was caused
1 from weakness and was nothing to
worry about. I felt tired all the time; had
no ambition. I was growing vorse all
the time until I began the use of Lydia E.
: Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. lain
\ now able to help about the house, and
am much improved in health." — Mils.
A. Walker, Callicoon* Depot, N. Y.
AMUSEMENTS.
:. COLUMBIA THEATER.
FAREWELL WEEK
HENRY MILLER
SEASON.'
to-night and Thursday night.
"The Adventure of the Lady Ursula."
.SPECIAL GREAT DOUBLE BILL.
Borrow. "HEARTSEASE" entire,
TUESDAY. Preceded by the one-act ptey,
IlfTp "FREDERIC LEMAiTRE."
positively. Henry Miller in title role.
Wednesday and Thursday evenings,
Friday and Sat. evenings and *Sat. Mat.
"TH E_J--I f\ R S."
Next Monday— CLAY CLEMENT, in "A
< SOUTHERN GENTLEMAN."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAND OPERA SEASON!
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
Superb production of Beethoven's only opera,
"FIDELIO,"
Presented with a great cast!!
I "Fidelio" repeated Wednesday, Frid_y, Sat-
urday nights.
In response to the demand for
"TROVATORE"
It will be sung on Tuesday. Thursday, Sunday
nights and S. turday matinee.
Reappearance of SIGNORINA PROSNITZ, in
"-her great character of LEONORA.
POPULAR PRICES— and 50c.
Telephone for seats. Bush 9.
MECHANICS' PAVILION
FILIPINO
WONDER SHOW!
THIS WEEK ONLY.
i Commencing Thursday Evening.
ACROBATS, JUGGLERS. WATER BUF-
FALO. TRAINED PONIES. ETC.,
DIRECT FROM MANILA. "
ADMISSION - ■ • • 25 and 51 Cents.
GREAT OAKLAND INTERNATIONAL
CAKEWALK CARNIVAL!
THE TABERNACLE, Exposition Building.
AUGUST 16 to 19.
ATTENTION. CAKE WALKERS!
The first big full-dress rehearsal occurs FRI-
DAY NIGHT. The second Monday and Tues-
day nights of next week. Report promptly to
the stag« director and all assist in the pageant
, and grand entry.
L. W. BUCKLEY. * General Manager.
AMUSEMENTS. '*'
aThambrXt¥eater
JONES AND E DDY STREETS,
GREAT AUCTION SALE OF SEATS
TO-DAY at 12 noon
...FOR THE...
NEW YORK
ARION
SOCIETY'S
CONCERT
FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE FUND -TO
Welcome Our Soldiers
KIe??K!I TO-MORROW, Tuesday, EVENING, Ang. 15th,
Single sale of seats commences TUESDAY, Aug. 15,
9 .->. M., Sherman, Clay &. Co.'s Music-store,
Sutter and Kearny streets.
The San Francfsco Arion. the Teutonla Society, the great lady soprano
who accompanies the Arions, and the Mandolin Club of thirty instruments will
participate.
The following well-known citizens will act as the committee in charge of
the auction sale:
— ■ ■ ' -'
Claus Spreckels, H. Plagemann, R. Capelle, Vice Consul O. S. W. Lohan,
M. Greenblatt, F. Hess, German Consul A. Rosenthal, R. Herold, E. L. Hueter,
E. Rohle, A. Hochstern,/ Aug. Schilling, John D. Siebe, Herman Schussler, F.
W. Dohrmann, Mr. Hansen, Louis Lisser, Joseph Brandenstein, Dr. R. Baum.
O. Muser, Dr. Rosenstirn, Walter Speyer, C. Bertheau, Henry Gundlach, Isidor
Gutte. J. Q. B. Broemmel, B. A. Becker, G. Tourny, Claus Schilling, O. Schoe-
mann. B. C. Priber, L. Westerfeldt. A. H. R. Schmidt, George T. Vollemann.
F. Tillmann Jr., Colonel E. A. Denicke, H. Mangels, Joseph Fredericks, G. Mar-
cus, Colonel Hecht, Charles Bundschu and William Wolff.
OUR HEROES' FUND BENEFIT!
WELCOME TO OUR
....Returning Volunteers....
ONLY 3 DAYS MORE!
A. Few Seats Left.
MONSTER BENEFIT
AT THE
ORPHEUM
THURSDAY AFTERNOON - - - AUGUST 17th.
First Continuous Performance Ever Given on the Pacific Coast,
Beginning at 12:30 P. M. and Ending at 6 o'clock.
PRICES ----- $1.00 and $2.00
ADMISSION SEATS NOW ON SALE.
"Benefit WeeT Programme!
CARDWNIE TROUPE.
CARON AND HERBERT.
MANSFIELD AND WILBUR.
ESMERALDA.
ALEXANDRA DAGMAR.
THE DEONZOS.
ALDEN AND HILL.
LINTON AND McINTYRE.
THE AMERICAN BIOGRAPH.
Reserved seats. 25c: balcony, 10c; opera chairs
and box seats. 50c.
Matinee Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
j ALCAZAR
TO-NIGHT AND ENTIRE WEEK.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
The Charming Actress,
MISS FLORENCE ROBERTS
Assisted by WHITE WHITTLESEY.
In Edward Eisner's dram., .ization If
UNDER TWO FLAGS
Made famous from Ouida's novel.
PRICES 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
luivLD » • • • Ow, -3w, «Jt)t) 3UW.
Phone Main 254.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 832.
COMMENCING THIS EVENlNG— Magnifi-
cent Presentation of Alfred Center's
Pretty Comic Opera.
DOROTHY
Picturesque Scenery; Unexcelled Chorus.
PRICES:
Orchestra ..35c and 50c|Famlly Circle 15c
Dress Circle Gallery 10c
At Saturday Matinee Best Reserved Seat, 25c.
Branch Ticket Office— Main Entrance Em-
porium. <
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
tsUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSION, 10c; CHILDREN. sc.
Bathing. Including Admission 2-'.c. Children 20c.
wily Gt $1.09 per Year
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
IN COSTUMES OF THE PERIOD.
I MAGNIFICENT PRODUCTION TO-NIGHT.
Of Boucicault's splendid play,
LONDON ASSUKANCE
MISS BLANCHE BATES
As LADY GAY SPANKER.
Supported by the FRAWLEY COMPANY.
REPERTOIRE FOR FAREWELL WEEK.
| TO-NIGHT, Tuesday, Wednesday and Thurs-
day nights,
"LONDON ASSURANCE."
Rest of FAREWELL WEEK.
"MS YOU LIKE IT."
Wednesday afternoon, August 16.
FAREWELL TESTIMONIAL TO BLANCHE
BATES.
First time here of Ibsen's
• "HEDDA G«BLER."
SOUVENIR PHOTOGRAPHS Thursday Eve., Aug. 17
" CHUTES ZOO!
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
The MARVELOUS SEYMOURS. Acrobats
Supreme: THE GIRDELLERS. Grotesques:
THE WILLARDS. America's Foremost Musi-
cal Artists; FRANK and CELIA MORRIS.
Strongest Man and Woman on Earth: PAT
KELLY. King of Irish Comedian.": ZOE MAT-
THEWS. Queen of Coon Song Singers, and
NEW MOVING PICTURES. •
Reserve Seats by Phone. Stelner 1851.
THURSDAY, AMATEUR NIGHT,
FAT LADIES' TUG-OF-WAR.
>5 E PT. V-^ To 16 Tt *" *
Choicest Iruits.Vines.Vege-
-tables. gralns & grasses
p- .'•• OF fALIFORNi»VT rf^
A GTOKt S\OC\^ SWWJ.
P^iycj^ Ei\tertair\meT\t.
EXWBITSTRANSPORTED fRSE
Excursion Kates To Visitors.
White for .^ARTICUWRs.
Hterj/shields^.>spregkles
vSECRfcTAfcV. -f RESIDENT
56
I BASEBALL. |
COURSING v
UMPIRE LONG
AND BORCHERS
IN WORDY WAR
San Jose Retires in
the Sixth.
DUDFS LOSE BOTH MATCHES
VERY FINE ORDEB. OF BALL
AT RECREATION PARK.
In the Morning a Pyrotechnic Show
Was Paraded Under the Name
of Baseball When Steffani
: : ..;■ Was "Found.''
San Jose Oakland 2.
"Ho called me something which my
honor could not brook," said Mr. Long,
umpire, "and that is why I ordered him
cut of the game." Borchers, the bad man
in question, went and so did the rest of
the runepickers, but they came back
without him and the game continued
after a delay of a long 10 minutes. Mr.
Borders' defense verbatim Is as follows:
''I simply used the name of a very goou
person with a word or two attached and
that is why he. fired me. That guy can't
tell a strike from a hall when he's awake.
Tho diamond sparkles too much for him
ami breaks his sight. "
All this happened in the sixth inning
in the game between San Jose, and Oak
land at Recreation Park yesterday after
noon. The score was two apiece and the
men playing hard. Mr. Borchers, the
Prunepicker twirler, did not like the de
. cisior.s of Mr. Long and he indulged in
a running soliloquy which was heard, by
Mr. lMng. Hutchinson was at the bat
fur the Dudes. and he hit to ODea, who
threw fast to rst. The umpire gave the
customary hand signal for "you're out"
but soon changed his mind and called
Hutch safe. Then it was that the artist's
■ model, whose pet name is "Which," said
a fow uncomplimentary things about Mr.
Long and the latter retaliated. The
storm that had been brewing in Mr.
Lung's chest broke out with volcanic
force. Lachrymose McGucken began to
weep -.-. Ken his pitcher was ordered off
tthe rield and he i ailed the rest of the team
to the benches.
Fur a ;imf it looked as if the game
. would be ended at once. Doc McGraw re
. lented at last and Hanlon was put in the
' box. Long's decisions were very much
.'like a piece of moth-eaten fringe and
..there were all kinds of unmentionable
tilings said about him. In Borchers' case
he was obdurate and the Czar finally
triumphed* President Moran upholding
him for the determined stand he took.
Thg latter said the dignity of the game
■ must be sustained, anil it was.
'. The game itself was a fine exhibition
t'oti ball— just enough ttir.g to please the
.' cranks and but few errors to call for
jcomparisons with bewhiskered spheroids.
Ip to the ninth inning a tie congested the
..-.•-cure, but at the very last stroke San
•Juse found Mr. Moskiman for a couple
:<if hits and Anderson scored the winning
run. Anderson began the twirling for San
;Jose, but he was discovered early in the
■ game and Borchers was substituted.
■ When the latter was ejected Hanlon was
■•placed in the box and hid pitching was
a feature of the three last innings.
•• In the beginning • the Prunepickers
'.Started the, ball rolling. HcGTicken
• whacked the ball for a single and made
'second by an erorr of judgment on the
.'part Hi" Hutchlnsonl who ridded a hot
|grounder from Graham's bat. Hutchin
son was four feel : rom first, but he
threw to second, with the result that
neither man died. Borchers In a two
tliaggvr streak forced Mcl »ucki over the :
plate and Graham soon followed on a
single by Texas Huston. The third inning :
ta.w the Dudes two runs. A beautiful '
three-bagger by Schmeer followed by a
hit from Donovan's stick sent the former
home. Donovan stole second, and Mr.
Moskiman; who was waiting for some
thing to come his way. rapped out a two
bagger; Donovan gliding over the plate.
vVhen the ninth inning was reached Joe
Stapleton began to sigh, for he feared a
ten-inning game. His fears were dashed
and Joe was made happy. Anderson
swattte'd a two-bagger and, clung tt>
second until Kent hit the ball to center,
when he sprinted like the wind and scored
the winning run of the game. Score:
OAKLAND.
AB. R. nil. SB. I'< I. J. E.
Peeples. 2 b .... 4 0 1 0 2 3 1
HammpYid.-c 4 0 0 0 4 2 0
HiKcfainson, LI) 3 0 1 0 10 0 1
Ha'rdie. r. f 4 0 0 0 110
Dur.leavy, I. f 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Lahge. 3 b 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
S"chm«er, s. 5,..:.... 3 1 1 0 6 3 0
Donovan, c. I ... 4 1112 0 0
Mobkiraan, p 3 0 2 0 0 5 0
Totals 33 2 ~6 1 '26 14 2
•O'JJea it; hit by betted hall.
SAN .JusjK.
AD. R. BH. SB. PO. A. B.
:• . ken, 1. ' 4 l 10 3 0 0
Graham, lb&r. f.. 4 1 0 0 50 0
ODea, s. s.. 3 0 2 0 2 3 0
Borchers, p. & 1 b.. 2 0 1 0 2 0 0
Hub! 3 b 4 0 10 2 4 0
Anderson, 2 b..' 3 110 3 4 1
Hanlon, c.f.; 1 b & p. 3 0 1 0 5 2 0
Kent, c  4 0 2 0 2 0 0
Andrews, p. & r. p. 4 0 0 0 1 0 0
Foley, c. t 2 0 0 0 2 0 0
— — — — — — —
Totals 33 3 9 0 27 13 1
RUNS AM' HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 0 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 o—2
Base hits 0 0 3 0 110 1 Or-6
San Jose 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 I—3
Base hits 30 1 v 0 0 2 1 2—9
SUMMARY.
Kurif? responsible for— Moskiman 1, Andrews
2. Three-base hit— •:.•••:. Two-base hits—
Meekfm'an. Anderson, Borchers. Sacrifice hit—
.Anderson. First bate on Oakland 1, San
Jose 2. First base on culled balls— Oakland 1,
tan Jose 2. l^**ft on bases— Oakland 5, Han Jus?
V. Struck out — By Moskiman 2, by Hani. hi 1.
Hit! by pitcher— ODea: Double play— Peeples
to Schmeer to Hutchinson. Time of game— One
hour and 50 minutes. Umpire— William Long,
official scorer— Jo?. Stapleton.
Oakland s—San5 — San Jose 14.
This is what happened in the morning
game at Freeman's grounds. The game
belonged to the swells at the end of the
sixth Inning. Then Mike Steffani was
unraveled and a fireworks show was the
..results In the seventh inning the ball
i-was ever busy, anil it .was in use a long
time. The Prunepickers simply reveled
in base running and sky scraping, both of
which pastimes were funerals for the
Oakland crowd. Every man on the San
Jose warn had a chance and many of
them a second one in this eventful
iniung. But that is not all, for in the
very next try for- score-building San Jose
nearly repeated the performance, amass
ing five runs before the game was called
ut the end of the eighth.
To learn the character of the game all
that is necessary is to run the eye over
the summary. In the fifth Borchers put
th<- ball over the left field, fence, but the
noxt time he came to the plate SteffanJ
struck him out. When the shower of hits
was falling on the Dudes ODea, for mere
diversion; worked oil another "homer" on
the home team. Three-baggers and
doubles were simply ordinary things and
called for little applause. Mr. L.ang<? re
lieved Steffani in the eighth. The score:
OAKLAND.
Ai'.. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Peeples 2b........... 4 2 20 5 1 ft
Hammond, c 4 0 10 6 0 0
Uiitchinson. U. 4 110 602
HarUie. r f..... 4 0 10 0 0 0
Dunleavy. 1. f 4 0 0 0 10 0
Lnnge, 3b & p 4 12 2 111
Schtneer. * s 4 1 1. 2 3 3' 3
I><-,novan, c. f 3 0 1 1 2 0 n
Stfffanl. p 3 0 1 0 0 1 0
Mosklman. 3b 1 0 0 0 0 0' 0
Totals 33 5 10 5 24 6 6
. . SAN JOSE.
AB. R. BH. SB. TO. A. E.
MrOucken. I. f .. 5 0. 0 0 0 0 n
Huston, 5b.... 4 2 l ; 0-11 0^
SPORTS OF THE DAY
Graham, r. f 5 2 3 1 1 0 0
Borohers, p 4 3 1 0 0 3 0
ODea, b. a 4 2 2 0 3 4 0
Anderson, 2b 5 0 10 3 5 2
. Hanlon, It' 5 2 2 1 12 0 0
Foley, c. t 4 2 2 0 0 0 0
Kent, c 4 10 0 4 0 (I
Totals 41 14 13 1 24 13 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 1 0 0 2 1 0 1 —r»
Base hits 2 112 10 2 I—lo
San Jose 0 10 0 0 0 8 5—14
Base hits 0 10 10 16 4—13
SUMMARY.
Runs -responsible for— Pteffani 4, Borchers 3.
Home runs— Borchers, O'Dea. Three-base hit —
Hardle. Two-base hits— Peeples, I.ahpp. Hus
ton. Hutchinson. Sacrifice Peeples. First
base on Oakland 2. San Jose 5. First
base on called balls— Oakland 1. San Jose 2.
Left- on bases— Oakland 6, San Jose 5. Struck
out— By Steffani 5, by Borchers 3. Double plays
— Hutchinson, unassisted; Anderson to O'Dea.
Wild pitch— Pteffani. Time of game 1:50. Ur
n Long. Official scorer— H. S. Mc-
Farlin.
Doyle Wins for the Senators.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 13. -I>oylo won to
day'.s game for Sacramento in the eighth
j inning, when with twr> men on basi
| :;hot the hall over the left lield fence for a
home run. I'rior to that lucky hit the
score stood 3 to 1 in favor of San Fran
cisco. Harvey was very effective, only
four hits being made off his delivery. I!"
struck out nine men and was given ex
cellent support. • T-o-day's victory places
the locals only twelve points behind the
leaders. Score:
SACRAMENTO.
AM. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Mcl aughltn, 1. t 4 1 o 0 2 0 0
llarve}. p 4 C 3 1 1 3 1
O'Connor, 1 b 3 110 7 2 0
.ss»l 0 0 0 1 i
. c 4 0 (J 0 12 1 0
I • > :.>. r. f 4 1 1 0 0 l> 0
.'an, c. f ♦ 0 n o l o 0 1
Stultz. 2 b (010330
Sheehan, 3 b 4 0 10 1'
Totals 33 4 7 1 27 10 2
CLEVER AMATEUR BOXERS IN THE ARENA
ONE of the boxing bouts preliminary
to the meeting of McConnell and
Franey in the arena of the National
Athletic Club on Wednesday even
ing will have for principals "Jack" Kane
and "Doc" Flynn. These sturdy ama
teurs met in the final for the lightweight
championship at the Olympic. Club recent
ly and Flynn was awarded the Oolrichs
belt in that class. The friend* of the van
quished boxer claim the referee erred in
judgment. Their forthcoming meeting
should end all discussion on this point. '
The regular followers of the ring scent .
the possibilities of a great contest be- '
tween M.cConnell and Franey. Both have t
<
•
t
SAN FRANCISCO. i
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E. i
HUderbrandt, r. f... 3 1 1 0 2 0 0 ]
Muller, 1. f 2 2 0 0 6 0 0 1
Krug. s. s 4010020'
Sullivan, I b 3 0 1 1 7 0 0 c
Riley, 3 b 3 0 0 1 1 4 0 <
Swindells, c 4 0 0 0 3 0 0 i
Pyne, c. f 4 0 10 4 111
«►'Neil. 2 b..... 3 0 0 0 4 2 0 1
Iberg, p 3 0 0 0 0 2 Oh
Totals 29 3 ~4 2 27 11 1 [
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. s
Sacramento : 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 3 o—4
Base hits 1 0 0 0 12 12 o—7 I
San Francisco 2 0 0 0 10 0 0 0-3 <
Base hits 1 1 0 0 1 0 0 1 o—4 •
SUMMARY. V
Runs responsible for Iberg 4. Home run— ' ;
Doyle. Two-base Harvey. Sacrifice hits :
O'Neil, Muller. First base on errors—Sacra- *
mento 1, San Francisco 2. First base on called
balls—Off Harvey 4, off Iberg 2. Left on bases i
— Sacramento 6. San Francisco 5. Struck out— ]
By Harvey 9, by Iberg 2. Double play—Stultz <
to O'Connor to Stanley. Past ball—Stanley, j
Time of same—One hour and 33 minutes. I'm
—O'Conr.ell. Scorer Griffin. c
Watsonville Victorious.
WATSON VI I-LiE, Aug. 13.— 1n the pres
ence of one of the largest crowds at Por
ter's Park this season the Watsonville
baseball club defeated the Santa Cruz
team this afternoon by a score of 8 to 3.
The visiting club was cheered on by a
large delegation of Santa Cruz fans, but
their efforts were futile against the bril
liant pitching of George Harper and the
excellent team work of. the Watsonvillans.
There were times when it locked as if
Santa Cruz would fatten its score, but
the cleverness of Harper and the sharp
work of the fielders cut off the chances
for hit:- and runs. Ed Daubenbis was in
the box for the Beachcombers, and though
he was found often he was ; not entirely
sponsible for the loss of the game. Score:
\v INVILLE.
AH. R. BH. SB. I'D. A. K. :
Broekhoff. 3b 8 1 0 I ' 0- 1 1
McCarthy, b. a 4 1 0 15 1 0-
Courtney, ( f 5 10 0 10 0
Croli rf 5 2 2 110 0
Befna, lb 4 1 1 0 11 0 0
Morrow, c 4 0 2 0 7 2. 1
Billings, 2d 3 12 10 3 0 |
Hayes, If 3 1112 0 0
Harper, p 3 0 3 10 3 1
———— . — — —
Totals 34 8 11 6- 27 10 SJ
SANTA CRUZ.
AH. H. BH. ...ii. PO. A. K. '
Williams. 2b 5 0 0 0 2 5 0;
Devereaux, 3b 4 0 0 0 3 4 0 .
Streib, If 4 1112 0 0.
Pace c 5 0 2 0 4 3 1
Clark, It, 3- 1 0 0 11 0. 0
Drennan. cf 4.. 0 1 0 2 0 l
Dalrymple, rf 3 0 0 1 1 0 0
Kleiber, s. a 3 12 0 2 0 0
DaubenbU, p 3 0 1 0 0 2 l
Totals 34 3 7 2 27 14 3 ;
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Watsonville 0 1400200 I— S
Base. hits. 0 12 112 12 I—ll
Santa Cruz 0 0 1110 0 0 o—3
Base hits 0 0 2.2 1 1 0 0 I—7
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Daubenbis 3. Two- j
base hits— Morrow 1, Pace 1. Sacrifice hits-
McCarthy. Broekhoff, Hayes, Daubenbis. I-^rst i
base on errors— Watsonville 2, Santa Cruz 2.
First base on called balls— Watsonville 3, Santa
Cruz 5. Left on basps— Watsonville 7, Santa
Cruz 10. Struck out— By Harper 5, by Dauben
bts 3. Hit by pitcher— Brockhoft. Selna. Passed
ball— Pace. Time .game— hours. Umpire
— Rube Levy. - • - '■' '• -. : -
TnE SAX FR7L^CISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 14, 1899.
ROYAL FLUSH IS
ADDED TO THE
STAKE WINNERS
Raises Final Flag at
Union Park.
DEFEATS MOUNTAIN BE/UJTY
KID McCOY AND MASTER CLAIR :
RUN FOUR MINUTES.
Two Extra Dogs Were Finally Sent \
to the Assistance of the Cours
ers — Petronius Wins the
Consolation.
P. A. McComb's greyhound Royal Flush.:
by Skyrocket, worked his way through i
the open stake at Union Coursing Park
yesterday, winning the final from Moun
tain Beauty. It was all over quickly,:
Flush leading up and securing the turn
Mountain Beauty killed.
The sensational course of the day was
between Kid McCoy and Master Clalr.
The dogs were running three minutes and :
had long and careful preparation, am
their respective styles of boxing shouk
fifty seconds before the hare was killed
After three minutes a fresh dog was r«
!. and the hare proving too rauc
for him still another was sent in pursu
flier from Merced. Kid McCoy wa
short i nd In the betting ;it l to
and when his owner carried him off th
field the spectators cheered tin- game do
tedly. Master Clalr had all the b< I
ter of the early stages of the course, bu
the Kid never faltered, finally winnin
He was then withdrawn from th
stake.
In the fifth round this gave Ben Bolt
natural bye and Mountain Beauty an at
cidental one. Instead of slipping eac
with a separate dog they ran the bye to
gether. each qual.fyirg for the next rouni
Mountain Beauty scored the most points
They met again in the next round an
tain Beauty won again.
The surprise in the Consolation stake,
for dogs boutcn in the first round, was
provided by Revolver, which defeated
anan at odds of 1 to 6. In the final
round between Prince Hal and Petronlus,
the former led up and showed the most.
speed throughout. The hare favored Pe
tronius. however, and he outpointed Lowe
& Thompson's big dog in a long working
■ ■. The detailed results follow:
Open stake, first round— J. Mooney s Silent
Treasure beat T. .T. Cronin's Arab; Russell,
Allen & Wilson's Lady Emma beat M. Micna- i
lek'a Glenroy; ■ Line A, Daly's Gypsy beat
Handy & Smith's Mona; T. 'Cooney's. Black
Hawk beat M. B. Kavanagh's Hard Lines;
Sobine & Daly's Bhylodt Boy boat George Bur
feind'B Pastime; Handy & Smith's Lady Hugo
beat T. J. Harrington's Lord. Marmlon; Dr. |
Leonard's Master Lawrence beat D. Ford
Bonita; H. A. Deckelman's Rocker beat J.
Keenan's Blacklock; H. A. Deckelman's Glen
chloe "nt H. Lynch' Lexington; J. Keenan s j
Royal Buck beat E. M. Helloes lowa Maid; i
James Byrnes' Nellie beat E. Baumeister s
Winning Ways; J. Kerrigan's Conqueror beat
W. C. Glasson's Terronlte; Connell Bros. Log
Boy eat James' Dickson's Black Bess; Curtis I
■v Son's Cavalier beat D. Shannon's Safeguard;
A. Van den Burg's American Eagle beat T.
A Gaffney's Sir John Axnott; T. J. Cronin s
Thcrnhill beat Handy & Smith's Victor; Handy
& Smith's Twin City Girl beat J. Dennis,
(names) The Devil; D. Shannon's Soubrette
beat J. O'Dowd's Shootover; Murphy &
Toland's Tea Rose beat J. Jones! Galivant;
Curtis & Son's Cash beat 11. A. Deckelman s
Pet Kirby; Kay & Trant's Diana beat Hurley
.v Reilly's Star of Cuba; T. .1. Cronin's Wild
Tralee beat M. B. Kavanagh's Swedish; Con
nell Bros,' Mamie Pleasant beat Hurley &
Reilly's Lucretta Borgia; Joe Thrift's Brutus
beat J. Mannix's Water Witch.
Second round— Silent Treasure beat Glenroy;
Gypsy beat Black Hawk; Shy lock Boy beat Lady
Hugo; Rocker beat Master Lawrence; Royal
Buck beat Glen Chloe; Conqueror beat Nel
lie B; Cavalier beat Log Boy; Thornhill beat
American Eagle; Soubrette beat Twin City
Girl; Tea. Rose beat Cash; Wild .Tralee. beat
Diana- Mamie Pleasant. beat Brutus.
Third round— Silent Treasure beat Gypsy;
Rocker beat Shylock Boy; Royal. Buck, beat
Conqueror; Thornhill beat Cavalier; Tea Rose
beat Pet Kirby, ! substituted for Soubrette,
drawn; Wild Tralee beat Mamie Pleasant.
Fourth round— Rocker beat Silent Treasure;
Thornhill beat Royal Buck; Wild Tralee beat
Tea Rose. ■ ■ ■ ■;■ . ~
Fifth round— Rocker beat Th* rnhill; Wild
Tralee beat Ski, bye.
Sixth round— Wild Tralee drawn in favor of
Rocker.
The first three moneys were $110, $75 and $30;
next three. $35 each; next six, $20 each; next
twelve, $12 50 each; next twenty-four, $5 each.
SOME EXCITING SPORT
AT INGLESIDE PARK
The short end players among the big
crowd at Ingleside Coursiu^ Park laid
away vexy little coin yesterday. The
smart ones were in rare form, picking
the winner on all but nine occasions. The
result of the big forty-eight dog stake
was, however, a mild surprise, H. A.
Deckelman's Rocker capturing the long
end of the prize. Wild Tralee, the much
ly touted one. met with a piece of hard
luck at the last moment. In the fifth
round, haiving drawn a bye, the black dog,
ruling favorite, was pitted against Ski.
The hare slipped was a particularly elu
sive one, and in a long, killing comrse
Tralee m«t defeat. He ws.s "all out" and
later was drawn In favor of Rocker.
The s*port throughout th*> afternoon was
clean and -very exciting. On one or two
occasions tlie decision of the judge was
questioned, but the disgruntled players
sij"U calmed down. Tea Rose made many
friends by her game showing, and with
better luck would have been a factor at
the end. The results follow:
Open stake, first round— Pasbx. Kennels" Rest
Assured beat Curtis & Sons' 3t'cKinley; C. J.
Panarlo's bid Glory beat Russell, Allen &
Wilson's Belle < lair; Ed Neave's. Warship beat
Aeneid Ker-pels' Pretender; K. A. McOomb's
Royal Flush beat W. Letcher':' San dew; J.
Dean's Gladiator beat J. Carroll's Auckland;
Lowe & Thompson's Jessamy beat R. E. de B.
Lopez's Santa B.ita; R. E. lie B. Lopez's Wi
nona beat F. A. McComb's Bonnie Scotland;
Pasha Kennele' Emm Pasha beat Handy &
Smith's Magic; Russell, Allen & Wilson's
Master Claif beat J. , Seggerson's Gold Hill;
A. Johnson's Tod Sloan beat H. A. Deckel
man's Prince Georg-e: Aeneid Kennels' Aihenla
beat D. J. Heuly's Lady Clare; E. M. Kel
\ogg'B Kid McCoy beat J. Kennedy's Night
Time; J. Dean's Mialmo beat Curtis & Sons'
Maud S; Aeneid Kennels' Aeneas beat Taylor
& Maxwell's Lamplighter; Handy & Smith's
Ben Bolt beat I. F. Hatton's Tic Tac; Taylor
& Maxwell's Bounding Belle beat I). J.
Healeyfs Maggie X; D. .7. Healey'a Amorosa
beat D. J. Healey's Candelaria: A. Johnson's
Mountain Beauty btrit Ed Wilson's Magnet.
Second round— Hess. Assured beat Old Glory:
Royal Plush beat Warship; Gladiator beat
Jessamy; Emm I'a -in beat Winona; Master
Clalr beat Tod .an- Kid McCoy beat Athenia;
Mialmo beat Aeneas; Ben Bolt beat Bounding
Hello; Mountain Beauty beat Amorosa.
Third round— Royal Flush beat R'^t AsMEreV:
Gladiator beat Kmi,n Pasha; Kid McCoy bent
A Return Match
Between Jack
Kane and
Flynn.
develop a winner before they go half their
allotted jounvy of twenty rounds.
Master Clair; Ben B >lt beat Mlalmo; Mountain
.Beauty a bye.
Fourth round—Roy;ll Flush beat Gladiator;
Ben Bol< nail a natural bye and Mountain
i te miy an accidental
Fifth 'lu.sh a bye; Mountain
R ■..: Flm ,i keal SI auty.
Consolation staki- Dt untlesa beat Maid of
Erin; Prince Hal V-a.' Moonlight; ii.-. Iver
b«at Statesman; Torme\ii a bye; Day Spring
raldlne; Sleety Mist beat Bryan; Wine
\\ tf t beat Banner Bearer; Petroniuij boat Evc-r
Shore.
Second round — Prince Ival beat Dauntless;
•Revolver beat ....... Sleety Mist beat Day
Spring and Petronius beat Wine West.
! Third round- Prince Hal beat Revolver; Pc-
I tronius beat Sleety Mist.
j Final Petronius Ik at Prince Hal.
Good HandbaL 1 Sport.
There were twelve rattling good sames
of handball played at Phil Ryan's hand
ball court, SSB Howard street, yesterduy
afternoon. I'liil Ryan toak a .sudden no
tion to play one of his fornver hard-hitting
games, in which he attracted the admira
tion of the gallery and kept the opposite
.side hopping about at a lively pace. Ryan
and O'Brien defeated "William? and
Clement after one of the best played
games of the season. Professor RiordQn
was decidedly off on his pliiy arid lift
a good many openings for his adversaries
to make aces, while he lacked steam In
Bending in his favorite low-wall hits. The
scores are as follows:
D. Mahoney and R. Dolan defeated J. Sharp
an.l W. Silvia. Score: 21—19, is 21, 21-16.
M. Maguire and W. Haasell defeated E. Toy
and M. McClure. Score: 21—14, 18—21, 21—19.
J. Hand and Klieber Abbott defeated M. Lee
and 11. Morse. Score: 21—19. 21— '.'O, 14—21.
Ben Chapman (champion of Crockett) and G.
McDonald defeated P. Ryan and D. Rodgers.
Score: 21— IS. 16—21, 21—12.
M. Basch and W. H. K<>dian defeated W. H.
Bieberst and W. Cope. Score: 21—14, 11—21,
21-15.
J. Condon and J. Klrby defeated T. Lydon
and G. Murphy. Score: 21—10, 12—21, — 17.
J. Collins and E. c'urley defeated M. Mc-
Clure and M. Edwards. Score: 21—17, 11—21,
21-13.
T. Serres and A. Whlteman defeated C.
Quinn and E. White. Score! ! 21—15, 19—21,
21—20.
. M. J. Costello (retired champion of Omaha)
defeat* ,1 W. Irwln in a single-handed game.
Score: 21—18, 16-2.1, 21—20.
D. O'Brien and {>. Ryan defeated- W. Wil
liams and Hen Clements. Score: 21—12, 13—21,
21—17.
The event of the day— M. J. Kilgallon and
R. Linehan' defeated J. Riordan and J. White.
Score: 21--I*. I*— 2l. 21—20.
Colonels Beaten by the Pigmies.
NEW" VnKK, Aug. 13.— The New Yorks
and Louisvilles played off a postponed
game at Wei hawken. N. J.. this after
■ noon, the New Yorks winning easily
through heavy and timely hitting. At
tendance 2500. The score:
R. H. E.
New York 9 13 1
Louisville 5 8 1
Batteries— Seymour and Warner; Phi
liiipi. Willnlin and Zimmer. Umpires -
Manassau and McGarr.
Cricket at Santa Cruz.
SAXTA CKTUZ. Aug. 13.— The Pacific
Cricket Club of San Francisco and the
Country Club teams played to-day at
Athletic Park. The score was: Pacifies,
iy4; Country Club. 67. A return game
will be played in San Francisco on Sep
teog&ej 3,
P HOOS^G^
ONE MORE RACE
FOR COLUMBIA
AND DEFENDER
Will Compete for the
Astor Cups.
CONTEST EXCITES INTEREST
NEW YACHT EXPECTED TO WIN
EASILY.
Should It Defeat Its Competitor by
Five or Six Minutes the Ix
perts Will Bs
Satisfied.
Special DWpaten to The Call.
NEWPORT, R. 1., Augr. 13.— 1f it were
■not for the fact that both the Columbia
ami the Defender have entered the race
to-mprrow for the Astor cups the events
would be almost featureless, for to-night
out of a net of over sixty sailing craft—
sl.xjps and schooners— only six- yachts.
three .:f each, have signified their inten
tion to enter the race. Still the race' will
be watched by a great crowd of yachts
men, and will undoubtedly be as interest
ing as those in years gone by. A victory
(or th> Columbia is on the card, and over
a. course of thirty-eight miles a lead of
five or six minutes would satisfy every I
one. The contest called this year for the
second time the Astor cup race, was in
stituted many years ago by Ugden Goelet,
who offered two cv**« one. for schooners
and another {of sloops. John Jacob As
tor came promptly forward two years ago,
after the death of Mr. Goelet, and offfered
cups, thut the race might be perpetuated.
There should certainly be a good race
to-morrow, not only between the two bi^
fliers, b.ut In the schooper class between
the Colonia, Amorlta and Quizetta.
The club has two courses for the race,
depending, at course, on the wind. In
both cases the yachts will start and fin
ish at Krenton's Keef lightship, and each
course is thirty-eight miles long.
The stan will be made at 10:30. the
Bloops betng sent away first, the schooners
following ftve minutes later. The yachts
will sail with time allowance, and there
Is no limit on the race. On Tuesoay the
wind cups will be contested i"'>r. the Co
lumbia and Defender also sailing, and on
Wednesday, after the Owl and Gamecock
colors have been fought f>>r by the crews
of the fleet, the squadron will disband.
CALIFORNIA CRICKETERS WIN.
Their Victory in Yesterday's Match
Places the Brown Pennant Al
most in Their Grasp.
The California Cricket Club added an
other to its list of victories in the matches
for the Brown pennant at Alameda yes
terday. Dickinson won the toss and, be
ing three men short, put Alameda In. J.
J. Mi riarty batted well for 48, F. Croll for
24 and W. G. Fortmann for 15. The in
nings closed for 124 runs. Dickinson took
six wickets for 43 runs, and Roman the
remainder for >;.'> runs, bowling with only
one change throughout the innings.
For the Calif orhlas two good stands
were made by Sloman and Lubbock, the
pair raising the score from 19 to 62, and
by Gunn and Schroeder, who carried it
from 78 to 107. Lubbock is an old Etonian
and plays In excellent form. Being very
tall, he has a great reach. At the eighth
wicket down th« match was won. and the
ninth man raised the score to 134. Crol!
took three wickets for 33. Peel two for 32
and Saunders three for 33. The full scores
follow;
ALAMEDA CRICKET CLUB.
J. H. Saunders b. Dickinson 2
G. Hellman I. b. w.. h Sloman 7
J. J. Moriarty c. L'.ihbock b. Dickinson 4*
J. J. R. Peel c. Willis b. Dickinson 12
V. Seebeck. b. Dickinson o
F. Croll c. Gunn h. Dickinson 24
B. Bird b. Dickinson 2
P. E. McLean st. Lubbock b. Sloman 0
S. H. Head It. Slomati 5
W. G. Fortmann c. Gunn b. Sloman 15
F. Stahl. not out 7
Byes 2
Total 124
Runs at fall of each wicket— One for 3, two
for 33, three for 60, four for CO, five for 8«,
six for '■ i. seven tor 92, eight for 102, nine for
102, ten for 12-!.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.'
Bowler- B. M. R. W.
Dickinsun l r 2 s 4,'. 6
Sloman 158 7 65 4
Schroeder 12 0 12 0
CALIFORNIA CRICKET CLUB.
E. G. Sloman b. Saunders is
A. Dickinson c. Seebeek b. Croll 7
A. B. Lubbock c. McLean b. Saunders 34
(■ J. Thomas, absent q
NY. Reeves c Hellmann b. Saunders 5
E. .i Loughman, run out 6
i. Schroeder c. Bird b. Croll 33
F. M. Gunn c. and b. Trull 5
A. Willis b. Peel 2
J. Brown, not out 2
E. VV. Watts b. Peel 5
Byes, 14; wldes, 3 .' 17
,
Total 134
Runs at fall of each wicket — One for 19. two
for C 2, tnree for 67. four for 68, five for 78,
six for 107, seven tor 115, eight for 125, nine
for 134.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler— B. M. R. W.
Croll 78 4 32 3
Peel 72 1 32 2
Saunders 72 2 33 3
Head 24 1 11 0
Bird 18 2 4 0
McLean 24 0 5 0
Croll bowled one wide and Peel two wldes.
The California team is now "3 up." to
speak in the terminology of golf; that Is,
it is three ahead of its competitors in the
struggle for the pennant for 1899.
■ ♦ ■
BAKE CLAMS AT TIBURON.
Corinthian Yachtsmen Enjoy a Feast
and a Jolly Aftarnoon.
The Corinthians enjoyed a successful
clambake at Tiburon yesterday. Early in
the morning a great pile of clams, ears of
corn and pieces of chicken had been pre
pared in a hollow of the rocks on the
beach, and at 1 o'clock these were spread
before the hungry yachtsmen. Qeorge
Crowell, who supervised the arrange
ments, was complimented on all sides.
After luncheon a reception committee of
lifty or more, with Prank Thompson as
leader and Douglas ErsKine as standard
bearer, marched down to the depot to
welcome the band of Sequoia Parlor, Na
tive Sons of the Golden West.
Among the old-time yachtsmen and hon
orary members who were present were
I'ncie George Bromley and Charles G.
Yale. The former made one of his char
acteristically happy speeches, which was
enthusiastically received. Maurice Cra
mer presided at the piano, and Frank
Thompson. Cathcart and Ryan sang
"Doc" Emmons recited, and others
'"obliged the company."
The entire fleet of the Corinthians lay at
anchor in the cove, augmented by the
schooners Azalene and Bonita, the yawl
Frolic, the sloop AVill-o'-the-Wisp " and
others. Among the guests were G. T. S
White. J. M. Punnett. ex-Commodores J
\V. Pew. T. F. Tracy and A. J. Young.
The whole affair passed off pleasantly
and. this being the second clambake that
the Corinthians have given at the club
house, it may be considered an- annual
event.
During the afternoon the Breitzmanns'
sloop Cupid left her moorings for a trip
up the river.
MINOR BASEBALL.
Hanford Team Beaten in a Game
With Merecd.
MERCED, Aug. 13.— The Hanford base
ball team was defeated by Merced to-day.
Merced introduced Hanrahan, formerly
of; the San Franciscos, in the box, and he
pitched good 1 ball, for the locals. Searing
of Hanford held second, accepting many,
chances, Garibaldi j drew In . several difa
cult fly balls in Merced's center held.
Two home runs and several three baggers
were made by Merced's battters. Score:
Merced— 18 runs, 16 hits. 4 errors; Han
ford—ll runs, 7 hits, 9 errors. Batteries—
Hanrahan and Harrell; Hennessy, Dowst,
Brown and Carter.
STOCKTON. Aug. 13.— The Terminal
City Wheelmen shut out the Will &
Fincks to-day by a score of 7 to 0. Rus
sell pitched for "the visitors and Moremg
for OJfl home team. A large crowd wit
nessed the game.
FRESNO. Aug. 13.— The features of to
day's game were the splendid playing i>f
Broad at first base and Ray Tufts at
short for Fresno. Tufts was especially
speedy on bases. Score: Fresno 5, Bakers
field 3. Batteries— Monroe and Swarts;
HaJl and Phelps.
GRIDLEY. Aug. 13.— Gridley won the
ball game here to-day between the local
team and Mason's laundry team of bac
ramento by a score of 6 to 3.
NEBRASKANS ARE
FINALLY WORSTED
The baseball game yesterday between
1 teams of the Nebraska volunteers and
the Union Iron Works at the Mechanics'
Institute grounds. Sixteenth and Folsom
streets, was won by the latter by a score
of 20 to 9.
The workers in steel and iron proved too
skillful fur the tall Nebraskans. although
the game put up by the soldiers was a
strong one until the sixth inning. A crowd
over 1000 strong was present and enjoyed a
good afternoon's sport, at the same time
contributing their share to the entertain
ment fund for the California boys. The
receipts could not be accurately ascer
tained yesterday, but will amount to more,
than $100.
Private Grayson. the Nebraska volun
teer who fired the first shot of the war
with the Filipinos, did his best to cheer
his comrades on to victory; but Delmas of
the Union Iron Works team received a
mascot in the second inning that did the
work and hoodooed the Nebraskans. The
mascot in question was a large cabbage,
with Which Uelmas was presented by his
admirers amid the plaudits of the crowd.
The score stood 7 to 7 at the close of
the fifth inning, but in the sixth the local j
team forged rapidly ahead, and when the |
last out was made it stood 20 to 9 in their
favor. The pitching of Shuman of the Ne
braska? and the three-base hits by Bulger
and Crawford of the Union Works were
the noticeable features of the game. The
teams lined up as follows:
Nebrapkaa. Positions. Union I. Wks.
Marquetts Catcher Walters ;
Shuman Pitcher Bulger:
Fltchie First base Delmas -
Mcllugh Second base Wanhulse 1
Traver Third base Carroll
Pike Short stop Merrill \
Shelley Left field Sandaman
Smith. Center field Crawford
Shoaf Right field Sralb ;
—•»-. — !
AUTUMN STAKES.
Brooklyn Jockey Club Announces Its
Fa^J Features.
NEW YORK, Aug. 13.— The Brooklyn Jockey j
; Club announces the following stakes for the |
autumn meeting of 1899, all of which close |
August 15, 1899:
For all ages. Oriental handicap, $2500, mile ;
j and a quarter.
j Occidental handicap, $1500, mile and a fur
long
First special. £590, mile and a quarter.
i?oeond special. $2500. mile and a half.
For two-year-olds, Prospect handicap. $2500,
i six furlongs.
■Willow stakes for fillies, $1000, five and a
half furlongs.
Alhemarle stakes, for fillies, $ICOO, five and a
half furlongs.
Algeria stakes. $1000, five furlongs.
Holly handicap, $1000, five and a half fur
longs.
Flat lands stakes. $2700. five furlongs.
For three-year-olds. Standard handicap, $2000,
mile and a furlong. • .•• •
Monarch stakes, &500, mile and a sixteenth.
Ocean handican. fIGOO, mile and a sixteenth, j
Tarkville handicap, $1000, six furlongs.
Sen Breeze stakes, $1500. mile and a six- j
teenth.
i ox three-year-olds and upward. Speculation'
stakes. $1000, mile and a sixteenth.
Bay Shore stakes. JIQCO, six furlongs.
For steeplechasers and hurdlers. Hitchcock ;
steeplechase, $12U), about two and a half miles.
King's Highway hurdle, $SOO, mile and three
quarters.
The Brooklyn Jockey Club also announces ,
$67,500 in nine stakes for 1900 and 1901. All
nine stakes close Tuesday, August 15. They
are as follows:
F..r two-year-olds in 1900. now yearlings. To
be run at the spring meeting of 1900, Great j
American stakes. $12,f>no, five furlongs.
Tremont stakes, $10,000, six furlongs.
Expectation stakes, $5000, four and a half i
furlongs.
Hudson stakes. $3500. five furlongs.
Criterion stakes for fillies, $3500, four and a |
half furlongs.
To be run on the first day of the autumn
meeting of i!«0 v Junior Champion stakes, $15,- I
10, six furlongs.
For three-year-olds in 1901. now yearlings, to ,
be run at the spring meeting of 1901, Brooklyn
I ■ : by, $10, 0r.0. mile and a half.
Carleton stakes, $5000. one mile.
Gazette stakes, for fillies, $3000, mile and a .
sixteenth.
» ♦ ■
Improving a Racetrack.
PLEASANTON; Aug. 13.— The Pleasan
ton racetrack changed hands two weeks
ago, passing into the possession of C B.
Challsworth; an English gentleman.
The new proprietor has just let a con
tract for the building of 250. new stalls
and a fine big clubhouse. The old build
ings now on the property will be torn
down at once to make room for the new
improvemennts.
MANY FEATURES
FOR THE PARADE
The parade rommittce has decided to
make a special feature of a division con
posed ol all honorably discharged soldiers
of the late war. The soldiers will be in
vited to meet at the headquarters tent, in
Union square, at some date to be fixed
by them and select a marshal and two
aids. All who are eligible to participate
in this division are requested to register
at the headquarters so that the commit
tee can reach an early idea of the num
ber that will participate. The soldiers
will he provided with all the necessary
equipments, and those of their number
who are disabled will be furnished with
ciirriaKes.
The Woodmen of the World are very en
thusiastic in the matter or parading, and
will make their first appearance in public
on the day of the reception to the Cali
fornia boys.
Acceptances of the invitation to partici
pate in the big parade are coming in so
rapidly from all quarters that the labor
of arranging the details will require the
closest attention for the next week. Grand
Marshal Pistoles! has issued notice that
all organizations failing to report before
the 20th will be left out of the line or will
have to be content with a position in the
rear.
The Filipino band, which is to fill an en
gagement at the Mechanics' Fair, has been
Invited to head one of the divisions of the
parade, and will undoubtedly accept.
THE GAME POSTPONED.
Utah and Pennsylvania Men
Did Not Play Baseball
Yesterday.
There was to have been a great game
of baseball at the Presidio yesterday, but
j at the last moment the game was called
off by Colonel Barnett of the Pennsyl
i vania Regiment because he did not wish
j to have his men play baseball on Sun
day.
The contest was to have been between
a nine from the Utah Artillery Battalion
and one from the Pennsylvania Regiment.
While in Manila each team won distinc
| tion by defeating all other teams in the
.league to which it was attached, and the.
game between the two nines yesterday
\ , S l ? SPHISJ t£Z decide the champion
ship of the Eighth Army Corps.
There were two leagues formed by
nines from the various regiments doing
service in Manila. In one were nines i
from the Utah Battalion, the Colorado
Regiment, the Twenty-third United
States Infantry, the Astor Battery the
Fourteenth Infantry and the Nebraska
Regiment. In the other were nines from
the Pennsylvania, Montana, South Da
kota, Oregon, Idaho and Minnesota regi
ments. 1 he. tan. men were the cham
pions of the league- to which they be
longed and had won a cup offered by the
Schlitz Company. The Pennsylvanians '
had won in their league and had captured
a trophy offered by the Cyrus Noble
Company. It was arranged that the two
victorious teams should play together but
preparations for coming home delayeO
matters until it was too late. When both
organizations found themselves together
at the .•residlo the desire for a deciding ;
game was manifest, and it was arranged ,
for yesterday, but had to be postponed. I
The Utah men will be mustered out next
Wednesday, and they fear they will not
have the time to- play before, then, and
of course it will be out of the question
after tkey are out of tUs swvit^ tw tf»ey
will start home the following day. Thj
teams were very evenly mat.-hed and tlv%
game would have been a most interesting 1
one. The teams were composed or tnw
following players:
I'tah- Griffiths. Battery A, captain and
pitcher: Margetts. Battery A lafher: Lieu
tenant NaylOT, Battery X first base; Sheßrer.
Battery P. second base: Klenke. Battery B.
shortstop; Roberts, Battery B, third base;
Walqulat. Battery A, left Beld; c.unn. Kattorv
A. center field; Leaver, Battery A, rhrfat field.
Pennsvlvan-a-Hoyle, Company B, captain
and catcher; Kraass, Company K. and Par
rash Company B. pitchers; Blcher, -mpany
r shortstop; BfcKeown, Company H. flrst b •
rurran Company H. secCnd base; Puffy Com
pany H. third base: Jnilifre. Company A. left
field; Gamble, Company H, center field; Huff
man, Company A, right field.
Wheelman Eaton Wins.
NEW YORK. Aug. 13.-Jay Eaton de
feated Walthour. Kimble and McFarland
in the hajf-mile open at Vailsburg. X. J.,
to-day. Downing, McFarland, Kimble.
Walthour. Freeman and Eaton line.! up
in the order named from the pole. At the
bell Eaton went up from the rear, taking
the 'cad from Walthour. Kimble and
MeFarland tried to ci.mc up <>n the DacK
stretch but were unable to catch Kat"!\
who linished a length ahead of Walthour,
with Kimble third and McFarland fourth,
Eaton's last quarter was in :2S 1-6 sec
onds. Time for the half mile, 1:02 .i-o.
cordlngly and is postponing the enforce-
Bicycle Races at Boston.
BOSTON, Auk. 13.— The twentieth an
nual meet of the League of American
Win ehnen will begin in this city to
morrow. The trains arriving h<>re to-day
were filled to overflowing w,..i wheelmen.
Large delegations arrived on Saturday.
It is expected that at least 7000 visitors,
mostly league men. will be here during
the week. The races will be held on
Wednesday and Thursday afternoons.
Friday evening and Saturday afternoon
at Charles River Park.
JUMPED IN THE BAY.
John Johnston, a Teamster, At
tempted to Commit Suicide.
John Johnston, a teamster, while suffer
ing from an overindulgence in liquor,
early yesterday morning attempted to
commit suicide by jumping into th>- bay
at the foot of .Mission street He was
i up by a boatman just as !■■
about to go down for the third time and
Immediately removed to the Receiving
Hospital.
To Dr. McGettigfan Johnston said he hart
been drinking heavily for the past three
weeks, and becoming despondent, prin
cipally due to his failure to gel more
liquor, he determined to end his exist
ence. After having a parting drink with
a stranger whom he met in a saloon,
Johnston walked to the font of Mission
street, and after divesting himself of his
coal threw himself into the bay.
To-day his friends intend to have him
sent to the Home for Inebriates.
« ■» »
KNOCKED DOWN BY A CAR.
Marie Cassina Seriously Injured on
Broadway.
A middle aged woman giving her name
as Marie Cassina was knocked down by
a car at Broadway and Stockton streets
last night anil sustained an ugly scalp
wound and a deep cut over the left eye.
According to the story of the injured
woman she wan crossing Broadway,
intending to visit a friend, when she was
struck by the car and knocked down.
Although bleeding profusely from the
wounds in her head and face, she bravely
walked to her friend's house, to whom
she told the story "f the accident.
A doctor was at once summoned, hut
at his suggestion she was removed to
the Receiving Hospital. Dr. Dray, after
stitching the wounds, had the woman re
tnoved to htr home on Sto.kton street,
between Broadway and Vai
DR. McLAY BURIED.
The Funeral Attended by a Large
Number of Friends.
The funeral of Dr. George B. McLay
took place yesterday afternoon from Mis
sion Masonic Temple under the auspices
of Mission Lodpe No. 169, F. and A. M.. of
which deceased was a member. The
funeral was largely attended by friends
of deceased, the large hall being so ercfwd-
E-d that many were compelled to stand in
the hallway. Many were the expressions
of sorrow and regret and many kind
words w»re said of the dead physician.
The pallbearers were Dr. A. L. Sobey,
John Center. David Kerr. H .1. - cClerte,
V. C. Morgan. Dr. Joseph Bluxome, Dr.
S. M. Minis, r and J. M.-Kinzie.
The r. 'mains were interred in Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
Schoolboys Organize.
BERKELEY. Aug. 13.— The boy pupils
of the Alaten-way Ntnth-grade Grammar
School have organtaecl themselves into a
student body for the purpose ot looking
after theti athletic and debating in:- r
The following officers have been el<
Walter Clark, president; Robert Finn,
vice president; IT. Ambrose, secretary:
Nelson, treasurer; Richard Mc-
Questen, sergi antrat-arnas.
The Photographers.
The half-toaea ot Bdlle. Dagmar in yes
terday's Sunday ''ill magazine section
were made fn-m photographs furnished
by Coover A Raamussen. The credit for
the same was omitted by error.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FREE BOOK FOR MEN !
Men who are weak, despondent, nerv-
ous and failing in vitality. Men with
' pains in the back, Weak Kidneys. Indi-
i eestion Rheumatism, Varicncele. To
I such men my book is worth reading, for
it tells in a common-sense manner how
all these evidences of physical decay
may be cured; how perfect vigor and
: manhood may be restored and your fu-
ture made bright.
Men, let me help you. Read my book
and see how I have cured thousands
with electricity. Call or write for it
i to-day.
Idr, m. a. Mclaughlin,
' 702 Market St.. cor. Kearny. 3. F. ; Burdiclt
I Block, cor. Spring and Second Sts., Los An-
! E< offlce Hours— S a. m. to 8:30 p. m. : Sundays.
110 to 1. NEVER SOLD IX DRUG STORES.
NERVITA BS "j^™
IMcri v i a f* LOST vigor.
~-«wand MANHOOD
; &ftp**^Y Cures Impotency Night Emissions and wasting
rro»^ ft diseases, all effects of scltabusc, or excess and
\KJ , indiscretion. ; A nervctonic and bloodVbuilder.
Cores Impotencv Night Emissions and wasting
cU;e«ses, all effects of seltabusc, or excess and
indiscretion. A nervctonic and blood^butlder.
• 'O* "■ sj&Y Brings the pink glow to pale hecks and re»
h. «B-w J stores the fire of vouth. By mail 500 per
fß^a^ boxt 6 boxes for $2.50; with 0 written
«|P^3j(J_^( guarantee to cure or refund the money.
ikrvtta medico Co., CTnten ft Jscusct! $ts. ghfca?s,
E. L. Baldwin & Co.. Druggists. 8 Market, S.F.
Radway's
ffl y>g '] /nh
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Causa
perle vl digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity.
For the cure or all disorders of tha Stomach.
Liver. Bowels Kidneys. Bladder.. Female l£
regularities. Sick Headache. Biliousness. .Con-
stipation Plies and- all derangements of th»
Internal Viscera. 25c a box. At Drueglst*.
«r to m*U. RAPWAIf » CO.. New Tori.tlameda
THE MUNICIPAL
MACHINE IS ON
THE RAMPAGE
Old Brakes Do Not
Seem to Operate.
. DOLLAR TAX CRY IS BOGUS
VALUE OF OAKLAND A THING
TO CONJURE WITH.
His Honor's Message on the Tax
Levy Will Probably Recommend
a Medium Between the Dif
ferent Estimates.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
903 Broadway, Aug. 13.
It is time to put on the brakes. The
municipal automobile is going altogether
t<io fast and a wreck appears to be cer
tain. One or two great things can be
accomplished in one fiscal year, but not
a dozen. Oakland cannot stand the high
pressure now being put upon her. New
charters, boulevards, parks, crematories,
water works and a host of other necessi
ties are big projects. They re of more
importance than the rejection of a saloon
license or a conflict between Betty and
the poundman over a cow, or even the
painting of the City Hall steps. They can
only be brought about by the exercise of
tact, money, brains and persistency. There
is a limit to each of these In this city,
that cannot bo exceeded. It now becomes
the duty of the Councilmen to determine
that limit and to be bound by it.
The first consideration, very naturally,
js money, and after that expediency. Mon
day evening the Council will hear what
the Auditor has to say about taxes. Mayor
Snow will also send in an accompanying
message. Mr. Breed's figures have been
printed and circulated. The Mayor's ideas
are yet sealed, but. any one who has fol
lowed his course for the last ten years
need not do any guessing. Mr. Snow's
t message will be as diplomatic as his con
duct' has been Cor the past four months.
He has figured that the total estimates
of the various departments will need a
tax- of 15 cents more than the dollar. The
Auditor has cut everything to get it with
in the dollar. The Mayor will go be
tween the two. ' -It will be found tnat he
has added to th Auditor's ligures some
improvements that are in tne depart
mental estimates.
No one knows better than Mr. Snow the
hollowness of the cry of the dollar tax i
levy. Oakland is now assessed for $6,000,-
OKi less than a few ears ago. On a dollar
tax this decrease means a reduction of
J'JO.iHH). In 1891 the city was assessed for
$1,000,000 more than this year, and no sane
man will believe that Oakland is not
worth $10.<>X>,(X»0 more to-day than in IWI.
At the former date the vast system of
street railroads now in operation was in
its infancy, and many of the roads were
not built. None of the larger business
blocks then existed; Clay street was un
heard of as a commercial thoroughfare
and Washington street was only begin
ning to be a rival to Broadway. Had the
assessment roll kept reasonable pate With
the city's growth, and had now been
alx-ut $lO,WJ,OW, a tax of $1 would be tun
pie for maintaining the city government.
Instead, the city and its needs have
grown and the basis of income has de
creased about 14 per cent. To argue in
favor of a permanent tax levy of $1 under
such circumstances is nothing short of
nonsense. This fact is apparent to both
the Mayor and the Council, and although
there niay be a littif- friction at the open- I
ing of the debate, 1 have little duubt that
t!;.- levy, when finally named, will be ac
ceptable to the taxpayers. I would re
ji.^t what 1 said some weeks ago, that
although at times there might be more
wisdom displayed in the Council cham
ber, there could hardly be more sincerity
and honesty, and consequently the people
believe that they. will receive some benefit
lor every dollar of taxes collected. The
remark last week in a Democratic paper
that •"the lower the levy the less the op
portunity for boodling," has no bearing
on the present Council.
There will be one section missing from
the Mayor's message that he was anxious
'.•. urgent to the Council. Mr. Snow has
fjr-at faith that President Kipley of the
Santa Fe will promise tv locate a termi
j.ai somewhere •within the boundaries of
Oakland. The Mayor has been in touch
with the Santa Fe people for months and
has been waiting for President Kipley,
but as that gentleman has only just ar
rived in the State no promise from him
tan Le included in the. message Monday
nighU
Many of those who should have studied
the city charter as a duty have arrived
at the conclusion that the organic law
of the municipality has a great deal in
it that is good. It could probably be
made a fairly good law if it were amend
ed in about half a dozen places. Some
solution must be found for the intricacies
surrounding the Board of Works. Why
the City Engineer should be one of those
ty control the patronage of the Police,
>ire and Street Departments, and the
City Auditor should have no seat In the
board. Is something that has always re
mained unexplained. This is the hardest
problem that will confront a convention
of freeholders charged with the duty of
charter making or amending. The exact
line separating the jurisdiction of the
board and ill-.- City Council must also be
determined. There are some restrictions
regarding contracts that need to be ad
justed so that the city can take advantage
n f current prices the same as any other
purchaser. Incidentally I would add that
the salary of the Street Superintendent
be increased. There is no reason why this
I'fhcer should be paid less than the Chicf 3
of the Police and Fire Departments. His
iinaiK.-ial responsibilities are greater than
either of these '!.■ .rs and he must be a
man with an engineering education,
whereas the other two offices are fre
quently filled from the political ranks.
The Superintendent of the Street Depart
l ment is underpaid at $1500 per year, while
the Chief of Police receives $2100.
Both the City Attorney and the Mayor
believe that the present charter can be
perfected by 'the necessary amendments,
and as the tax levy estimates make no
appropriation for a charter election this
may be the plan adopted.
"A Chinaman always wants to learn;
he may differ from you, even when he
fully agrees with you for the purpose
of drawing out of you your method of
arriving at your conclusion, which may be
better than his method." This remark
was made Friday night before the Board
nf Trade by non. F. .X. Schoonmaker,
perhaps the most convincing speaker that
ever came from the East to lecture in the
West. His remarks reminded me of the
manner in which Mr. Mott's suggestions
i-gar'ding the City Hall have been re
ceived. Of course they provoked a con
troversy, as does everything in Oakland.
>pinions, columns of them, h-ave appeared
in print, some intelligent, some honest,
but more the stereotyped expression of
the knockers who infest our midst and
who are as suspicious as the Chinese, but
not so sincere. M. J. Keller seems to
have hit the nail on the head by his re
r:iark that the plan of Mr. Mott will ac
complish the long desired opening of
Washington street along the lines of least
resistance. This is all right so far as the
plan is concerned, but by the way the
opposition is showing its teeth Mr. Mott
may have an idea of his own regarding
the Una of least resistance before he gets
Through. Altogether the municipal pro
gramme- insures immunity from ennui till
Christmas, at the earliest.
STUART W. BOOTH.
Jacob Field, Wall street's greatest
Plunger, estimates that he has paid out
$75,000 in revenue stamps since the be
ginning of the war with Spain.
\- 2SZL.I
NE PTUNE WELGOMES THE ARIONS
HEPTUNE was the host of the
Arlons, both of San Francisco
and Gotham, yesterday, and
the hoary old sea king proved
a most amiable host. The
steamer Piedmont left the ferry slip at
9 a. m. with 1200 happy, good-natured
and enthusiastic Germans, including
the visitors from the East, as passen
gers, and two policemen as extra bal
last, bound on an excursion around
the bay. The steamer headed for the
Union Iron Work?, and after circling
around the battleship lowa started for
the briny deep. As the vessel crossed
the line, somewhere in the vicinity of
Angel Island, Neptune, in the person
of E. A. Otto, came aboard, armed
with an enormous trident and a fierce
growth of whiskers and attended by a
body-guard that gave every evidence
of a long residence among barnacles
and seaweed. The crew and passengers
were lined up against the bulwarks—
and bar— and the ceremony of initia
tion into the mysteries of the deep was
begun. President Richard Weinacht
of the New York Arions was first in
vested with the rank of admiral and
installed as supreme commander of the
ship as a mark of special favor. Presi
dent J. F. Plagemann of the San Fran
cisco Arions was made vice admiral,
and the jeweled collar was placed
about his neck by the graceful maiden,
Delphine, known among her associates
as George Purlenke.
Delphine forgot to shave before
breakfast and was severely rebuked
by his Majesty for appearing in com
pany with a very large mustache dec
orating her upper lip. Fritz Beringer
was made commodore and Dr. Max
Magnus captain of the fleet, and then
the Sea King took his departure, after
WINS LAURELS
BY HER TALENT
AS A MUSICIAN
Miss Dcs Rochers'
Success.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. Aug. 13.
Nine years ago, with the ink yet wet
on her High School diploma, Miss Maude
dcs Rochers left Oakland and her scores
of friends for New York, bent on com
pleting a musical education that wan
already well advanced. This week, with
New York honors thick upon her, and
skilled through long monfhs and years of
hard study on the piano, she has returned
to her old home.
During her long absence Miss Dcs
Rochers has enjoyed a thorough course
of study, and met with a degree of suc
cess that would have turned the head of
almost any other giri. But modesty is
yet one ol Miss I^-h Rochers 1 chief ohar
acteristics. She can pride herself upon
b< ng ■ of this country's
Kilted pianistes, and one who Is
admitted within the limits of New York
sacred circle, where many a
■ woman more persistent and less
modest has failed utterly to enter. She
: steins, however, while not indifferent to
; her achievement, almost unaware of its
gi •at s-:gr:iii< mice.
Within the last year Miss ] >es Roehers
gay*- of concerts In < '.irnegie
Hall. They were strictlj invitational and
vrere attended by the best people of L^ir;
Eastern metropolis. Among those pres
ent and presumably interested in the en
tetainmonts were the John D. Rocke
fellers, the Dr. Keyes and other proml-
I nent families of musical inclination.
Miss Dcs Roc. prs was .l.^.siHted ;u these
concerts by Erricksson Bushnell, the
great barytone, and by Judson Bushnell,
his brother, together with other fine
artists. Sh.; won pi her dainty
programme and the- most generous
plaudits for her playing, her tone, expres
sion, power and finish being of the high
est quality.
The Rockefellers wf-rf so charmed with
! the talented Californlan girl that they
j engaged her to play at a drawing room.
Next season also Miss Dcs Rochers will
be heard at the Rockefellers, where the
most artistic find talented people of New
York gather.
Miss Dcs Rochers will remain in Oak
land until October. She is now the guest
of Mrs. John L,. Howard on Vernon
Heights. She pays Oakland Is the Boston
of ihe West, and declares that it tia*
musical talent of a high order In in abun
dance. In New York, Oakland Is spoken
of as a city of musical artists.
The Cakewalk Carnival.
OAKLAND, Aug. 13.— The Cakewalk
carnival will open at the exposition next
Wednesday evening, and continue the
rest of the week. Rehearsals for th<s
grand entry and opening pageant will
be held on Monday and Tuesday evenings.
The first night's programme Is as foHows:
Overture by Bennett's band; grand entry.
led by Miss Pearl Hickman and aids,
with 100 couples !n line; Juvenile Cali
fornia State championship contest for
irold and enameled medals, seventeen
couples entered; society amateur cham
njnnship of Alameda County: John and
Slartha Stewart. George Stewart and
Katie Beatle, Major AN liters and Mr*.
Tav lor L Dossier and Kosle Williams, M.
THE SAJS FRANCISCO CAI^, MONDAY, AUGUST 14, 1899.
OAKLAND
Qotham Singers
Er\jovj a Trip
or\ the
Bay.
impressing upon his newly madp Bub
jects that by the laws of his realm
they were prohibited from passing the
bar without taking »a drink, an In
junction that was solemnly observed
during the remainder of the voyage.
Hans Verony as Arion and J. Eich
horn as Undine were the two other
numbers of Neptune's retinue.
The steamer skirted the shore of the
bay. passing within hailing distance
of Sausallto, Tiburon and thence to
Vallejo, where a stop of an hour was
made. Martinez was next visited, and
it was intended to touch at Benicia,
but the New Workers declared they
had already seen more than they could
assimilate, and the prow of the vessel
was turned homeward. After lunch,
which was served in the saloon, the
real fun of the trip commenced and
culminate' 1 , in a cakewalk. in which
Dr. Magnus carrit-d off the honors.
That cakewalk of the doctor's was
something unique and wonderful, and
left an ineffaceable impress on the
memory of all who witnessed it. It
had been announced that a grand
prize would he gfven the Arion who
could drink beer most gracefully from
a glass, but the Judges refused to
decide in favor of ajiy one. as all were
the personification of grace in ex
ecuting this seemingly simple but re
ally exceedingly difficult maneuver.
While Dr. Magnus' cakewalk was
generally voted the strangest and most
extraordinary feature of the day's out
ing, there were many who were In
clined to give the palm to the horn
by Rudolph Mohr. The quality of
music produced by Rudolph could not
I ■• duplicated anywhere, and the owner
of the instrument was .so crestfallen
by the knowledge that he had .been
e-ik^- walkers, in nn exhibition plantation
. loctric cakewalk follows.
CRUELTY TO A CHILD.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 13.— Lizzie Holstein, c
child of eight years, was found wander
ing in the streets at an early hour this
morning, barefooted and hatless, clad
only in a thin night garment. She was
taken to the city prison and was later
placed in charge of the Catholic Ladies'
Aid Society. She claims thai Bhe had
been stopping at the home of Mr. and
Mrs. Oboe Jans, corner of San Antonio
avenue and Oak street, and that beca
they suspected her of stealing $5 they had
driven her out of the house during the
night. The child's mother is dead and
she has been cared for by an uncle. Re
cently he left for the mines and placed
Ijer in charge of the Jans family.
Mrs. Jans learned that the little girl
was at the police station and about noon
appeared with a bundle of clothes for her
and asked to be allowed to take her homo.
<?ai? You Qu<?ss tl?<? Exact Ji/r\e of t^
/Irriual of t^ Qaliforpia
l/olupteers?
IF SO YOU CAN WIN $50 AND ALSO HAVE THE HONOR OF DONATING
$50 TO THE GENERAL FUND OF THE ENTERTAINMENT COMMITTEE.
7^ VERY BODY is on the tiptoe of expectancy as to the date of the arrival of the California vol-
h< unteers Can you guess the exact time, if not how near? To the person who guesses the near-
est to the exact time (day, hour, minute and second) the Sunday Call will give $100, one-half of
which ($5O) goes to the. lucky guesser and the other half ($5O) will be donated in the name of that
person to the general funds of the entertainment committee.
The Merchants' Exchange of this city will furnish the official record of the sighting of the
transport, and from that record the decision will be made.
The terms of the contest are: -
All guesses must be made on a coupon cut from the Daily or Sunday Call
Each person is allowed to fill out as many coupons as desired and they may be mailed each day
or all together, at the pleasure of the guesser.
No coupons will be received or entered into the contest that bear a postmark later than August 20.
Fill out this coupon and mail to Coupon Editor Sunday Call.
THE TRANSPORT SHERMAN WITH THE f
f CALIFORNIA VOLUNTEERS WILL BE SIGHTED BY THE }
\ TIMEKEEPER OF THE MERCHANTS' EXCHANGE AT: \
T A
* 97?onth 7)ato. • . . Jifour 9fy/nuie.. .... Second J
|d Tfamo — • * I
•k
f j{d dress ■ i
, A Jtddress. ■ • • f)
1„, SgL. |
outplayed at his own game that he ten
dered his resignation on the spot to
Bandmaster Bennett, and could not
be li.duced to resume his place in the
band until his courage had been in a
measure restored by liberal doses "f
beer administered through a funnel.
Ir was nearly 6 o'clock when the
Piedmont re-entered her slip and the
excursionists crowded ashore, tind but
happy. Not an unpleasant incident
marred the trip, and the visiting
Arions were enthusiastic over the
views along the shores of the bay. as
well as this further evidence o-f Cali
fornia hospitality. The committee in
charge of the arrangements Bor the
excursion consisted of Ed Behtratenhaus
(chairman), Fritz Gercke, A. Baeh
mann, Captain F. O. Obermayer, Aug.
Jungblut, William Van Kowsky. Fred
Attinger, Paul AVesterfold, Frederick
Zlnkand and R. "Weiniger.
The New York Arion Society will
leave for Monterey on a special train
this morning. They will spend to
night at Del Monte and take* the sevi-n
--teen-mile drive to-morrow, returning
to San Francisco in time to participate
In the concert for the benefit of the
California volunteer fund Tuesday
night.
The Chief refused to let her see ihr> child.
Shi did not deny that she had driven the
girl out of doors during the night, but
claimed that she wae ble and that
she was forced t" do something to repri
mand her. Mr. and Mrs. Jans will likeiy
be prosecuted f<>r their cruelty.
Noted Hotel Man Dies.
OAKLAND. Aug. 13.— George A. Hall, a
well-known and wealthy hotel proprietor
of Denver and Chicago, died at the home
of his brother-in-law, M, Gibson, at
Fruit vale last Thursday night. His death
is attributed to stomach troubles. fo»
which he sought relief in California's
climate some months ago. He was ag*ed
74 years. The remains will be shipped to
Wisconsin, where the deceased leaves a
widow and several children.
Fred 1-1 all, a son of the deceased, who
is the manager of the Harvey eattng
houses connected with the Santa Fe line,
thought to surprise his father by an un
expected visit. It had been impossible to
reach him by telegraph, and he did not
know of his father's death until apprised
of the fact to-night on his arrival.
Berkeley |
NORTON'S DRUNK
SAVES HIM FROM
SUICIDE'S DEATH
Cuts Neck and Wrist
With a Razor.
BLOOD IS CLOGGED BY WHISKY
SLUGGISH CIRCULATION PROVES
A PRICELESS BOON.
Surgeons Sew Up the Gashes and
and the Patient Concludes He
Will Tarry on Earth
Awhile Longer.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Aug. 13.
Crazed with liquor and courting death
because he Imagined he had outlived nU
usefulness and was bereft of friends, \VU
Ham Norton, aged 60 years, cut his throat
i and right wrist with a razor at Decoto
shortly after midnight last night and laid [
down beside a hayrick to calmly wait lor
the end to pome. ,
The razor iaiied to cut an artery, and
i when he- awakened from a stupor at sun
' rise this mornint Norton found him.selr
wallowing in a pool of blood. He con
cluded he did not want to die, and with
the little strength left him he hastened
to town, where a friend, after binding
his injuries with towels, furnished him
with a ticket to Oakland. .
On his arrival at the Receiving Hospital
Norton made known to Warden Pau. hla
condition and then collapsed. Dr. Strat
ton was promptly summoned and an In
vestigatlon Bhowed that Norton had cut
a gash two inches lung on the right r.ide :
of the neck, barely missing the jugular:
on the left side of th>- neck was another |
I gush about an inch and a half in length |
while the incision on the right wrist- had I
severed the tendon of flexor carpi radians,
bo that it necessitated the extension of
the wound two inches in order that Dr.
Stratton might reach the end with his
small forceps to connect the severed ton
don. . , ,
The gashes on the neck each required
i four or live stitches, a,nd the remarkable
vitality of the would-be suicide will carry
him through.
Norton's miraculous escape from death j
' is t'ne subject of wonderment with the
physielaris, who are inclined to the be
! lief that the only accountable reason for
his ir,; bleeding t" < i • ; 1 1 1 1 is the fact that
liis debauch had so seriously affected the
circulation of his blood that it became too
. 6lUggl£ h.
"Yes. whisky caused me to try to put
an end to my life, and whisky also de
feated my very purpose," said Norton this
evening. ""I had been drinking very much
for the past few days and I was ready !
to die. b«t death didn't seem to be reedy
for me. I have no further jntention of j
attempting to commit suicide."
Norton formerly lived at San Diego, but
of late years he has found steady empioy
ni. in with the Spring Valley Water Com
pany. He is unmarried.
FOUL WORD NEARLY
COST HIM HIS LIFE
OAKLAND, Aug. 13.— The utterance of
a vile epithet by Fetix Jacoby of Piert
mont, addressed to C. H. McKinnon,
nearly cost the former his life this morn
ing. Jacoby is a gardener, aged 40 years,
and McKinnon by occupation Is a tailor.
The two men met in a saloon this morn
ing find afterward quarreled in front of
the <;nlindo Hotel on .Eighth street. One
word l<-d to another, and finally Jacoby
called McKinnon a vile name. -vlcKinnon
eel :; by striking £Ke gardener a
blow between the eyes with his list,
which knocked him down. As he fell his
head struck, upon the concrete curb. ren~
(!< ring him unconscious. McKinnon was
arrested and charged with battery.
Jacoby was treated a 1 the Receiving
Hospital f»r a badly lacerated scalp. H.«
was unconscious for several hours, and
though his injury will not prove fatal
from present indications, it is feared that
his I. rain lias been affected. He imagines
that an Kighth-street car struck him,
and in his delirium he declares he will
sue the Oakland Transit Company for
damages.
Services in Oakland Churches.
OAKLAND. Auk. 13.— Rev. Alfred Kum
mer of San Jose occupied the pulpit at the
First M. K. Church to-day. His morning
subiec.t was "The Christian's Calling."
To-nlghi he sp°k> of "JAte as a Voyage."
"A Messianic Nation" was the subject
of Rev. Charles R. Brown's sermon this
morning at the First Congregational
Rev. W. H. Penhallegon, P.D.. preached
j at the First Presbyterian Church again
1 to-nipht, his subject being "Sowing and
1 Reaping."
' At the First Baptist Church Rev. T. G.
: Brownson, president erf California Colleg^i
■ preached the morning sermon, and the
services to-nigh! w< te conducted by Noel
i H. Jacks, secretary of the v. If. C. A.
Rev. Mr. Stone of Wheatland spoke to
night at the Golden Gate Baptist Church.
"Is Life a Blessing?" was the subject
of Rev. .1. T. Sunderland'a sermon to-day
at the First Unitarian Church.
A feature at Asbury Methodist Church
: services to-day was the singing of Mrs.
! Kathryn Boyns, who has just returned
from Europe, whither she has been to
perfect her musical education.
The pulpit of Pilgrim Congregational
Church to-day was occupied by l>r. W.
C. Kautner of Salem, Or. At the morning
service be spoke on t lie snbjed "Like the
Mountains of God." To-night's -
was on "Ships That Pass in the Night."
Rev. Charles Hitchcock of San Rafael
filled the pulpit formerly occupied by Rev.
V. Marshall Law at the Church of the
! Advent.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
I s^. Steamers leave Broadway
' wftrfrnr- wharf. Pan Francisco:
I M_nS_____, Fur Alaskan ports. 10 a. m..
'1 H^_MH_ August 4. 9, 14, 19. 24. 29, Sep-
lim s-fcaiara tember 3. change at Seattle.
I _JK_3_N^_fil For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
i _____________! C) - Port Tnwnsend. Seattle.
j >^BaHB Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.),
10 a. m. August 4, 9. 14. 19,
24 29 September 3. and every fifth day there-
: after-' change at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Ta-
noma to N P. By-: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
I For Eureka (Humboldt .Bay). 2p. m.. August
: I 7 127 17. 22. 27. September 1. and every fifth
j da For s r anta er Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon.
ravuoos Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
i Gavlota." Sania Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme
6an Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angelert and
Newport. 9 a. m.. August 4 8. it. 18. 20 24.
28, September 1. and every fourth day there-
af For" San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Anseles^. 11 a.
£ AuKuit 2, 6. 10. 14, 18. 22. 26. 30. September
8 "and every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Mapdalena Bay, .San Jose del
1 Cabo Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
I and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each |
i m For h further information obtain . folder. 1 ,_ M
The company reserves the right to change
! without nrevious notice steamers, sailing dates
anil hours of mllintr.
an TICKKT° f OFFi n New Montgomery j
6t G e OODALU e pMRKIN S * CO.. Gen A.ts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
Tar 0. R. & N. CO.
ML Ui iii « n. uUi
•' DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
;po:R.Ti-j.A.2sr:D
From ?spear-street Wharf at Id a. m.
C«DC « '2 First Class Including Bert» '
lAnt S8 Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALIKORNIA u saUl .......... 5 ....... :
! S Aug. 6. 16, 26, Sept. 5. j
> COLUMBIA sails.... Aug. 1. 11, 21. 31, Sept. 10.
i Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Bu'te.
! Helena and all points In the Northwest. I
I Through tickets to all points East.
, inr s E C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS Ca.^^^
Supfrlnten'l"n-!«.
___————————— — — — ■
AMERICAN LINE.
■ NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PAEI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul August IFI St. Paul.. September 6 !
' New York. ...August 23 , New York Sept. 13
St. Louis August 30, St. Louis Sept. 20 j
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Kenxlngton ....Aug. ICI Poutbwnrk Sept. 15
Noordland Aug. 23 1 Westernland ...Sept. 13 i
Frlealand Aug. 30 i Kensington ....Sept. 20 j
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For Full information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
30 Montgomery St., or any of Its agencies.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA-
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR- j
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m., for
! YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
! Kobe (H'ogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and :
j connecting at Hongkong with steamers for !
■ India, etc. No cargo received on board en day '
: of sailing.
AMERICA MARU Friday, October 6
HONGKONG MARU Thursday, August 17 '
j NIPPON MART Tuesday. September 12 I (
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For i
: freight and passage apply at company's office i
421 Market St., cor. First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
©HBllinfl T ne B. S. Australia
'SIiMHISC" 1^ for Honolulu !
[ £ fp """""\V.v!nes<lr\y, August 23, | |
M at 2 p. m.
q^/^T^N P. S. Alameda sails I
iSlftim'JnincJ Via Honolulu and \ ;
G)IMIIIJlllL' c -' Auckland for Sydney (
/RfTiP?nU~ Wednes'lav, September i
l^iMXnllter 6 at 10 r . m .
Favorite Line Round the Wnrld, via Hawaii,
Samoa. New Zealand, Australia, India, Suez.
England, etc.; $610 first class.
I. 0. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. 114 Montgomery
i Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St. i
00MPASNIE GENERAL TERAIJBATLANTIQUI.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. „■?-£«»-
-•Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. "-,.T_f^ *> ;
i from Pier 42. North River, foot of - ~ • >
' Morton st LA BRETAGNE. August 19: LA
■ NORMANDIE. August 2«: LA TOURAINE,
f*-pt. 2: LA CHAMPAGNE. Sept. 9; LA GAS-
I COGNE. Sept. 16. First-class to Havre, 465 :
: and upward, 5 per cent reduction on round trip.
' Second class to Havre. $45, 10 per cent reduc- ]
tion on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR :
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broad-
way (Hudson building). New York. J. F. FU- |
GAZI & CO.. Pacific Const Agents, 5 Mont-
gomery avp.. San Francisco.
—— »,— — ~— — "^^»«^ ■—^— — — i — » !
j t :
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
"FORITirHAVMARrAND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON., Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45 j
a. m., 8:16, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night), Frl-
daya, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. m., $
p. m.' Landing and office. Mission-street Dock. ;
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE 60" j
RAILROAD TRAVEI*. '
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago. I
lHt MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
IHL CONTINENT.
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE .
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 6:30 P. -M.
DINING-ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR. ;
FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN j
EVERY DETAIL, SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES.
_____
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
BAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE, 628
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE MAIN 153L
OAKLAND OFFICE. 1118. Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE, 201 J Street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE. 7 W. Santa Clara Street. ;
i THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN !
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 28, 1899, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. I North-bound. I
; Pasaen- Mixed. Mixed. | Passen- *
ger I Sunday Stations. Sunday j ger. '■
Dally. I Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Dally. !
7 - 20 am 110:30 am Stockton | 3:45 pmj 6:00 pm i
' 9:10 am' 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm j
■ 10:40 ami 5:35 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pm j
' 11-38 am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 .pm
i 2*25 pm! 12:30 am Bakersfield 2:00 am 11:00 am i
11:59 am 6:25 pm Vlsalia 6:40 am 1:22 pm ,
I 12:15 pm| 6:53 pm Tulare 5:50 am 1:05 pm j
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
inquire at Traffic Department, 321 Market st.,
San Francisco.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY. April a, 1599.
• WEEK DAYS, 8:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
• Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur-
day at 6:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
Ing, arriving In San Francisco at 11:20
p. -n
SUNDAYS, 8, J. 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45, 2:30 I
and 4. p. m.
Fare S. F. to Summit and Return. $1 40.
i XMO& COOK & W.N. Asia.. 621 Market at. L
AUCTION SALES.
AUCTION SALE.
£k £?_ fe
At Emporium Horse Market, 220 Valencia st.
THIS DAY.
MONDAY, August 14, at 11 o'clock, I will sell
60 head of work and driving horses, suitable
; for .ill purposes; included in this sale are sev-
eral matched teams, also several well-broke
saddle horses. S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SOi:TIIKItH PACIFIC COJIPANT.
(PACIFIC HVSTBH.)
Train* Ifiivr mill i»i«- iluo to »rrl»e nt
S.4> riK.4K«.'lN<'(».
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
leave — From Adoist 2, 1899. — ariiivb
7:00a. Bcnicia, Suisun and Sacramento.... Os4sp
":<>Oa Marysvillo, Orovi'.loand Heading *ia
Woodland 0:45p
7:00.\ nimira, Vaeaville and Kumsey »:50p
7:itUA Martinez, San Hamou.Vullejo, Napa,
I'alUtoga oail Santa Uosa O:lfip
8:OOa Atlantic Impress, Ogden and Baal.. 9:40_
»::su.a Sail .loso, LiTermore, Stockton,
lose Sacramento, riaci-rville,
Miir>'»»illo, Cblco, K.a I'.liiir 4sI.TP
Siao* »Milton. Oakd&lo and .'-•■nora 4:l."ip
H:3Oa Yo9?mitc Valley via Oakdale and
Chinese 4il»p
9:OOv nayvanls, Kilt and Way Stations. 1 1 :43a
U:0Oa Martinez, Tracy, lathrop. Stockton.
Merced end 12513p
»i<m»a Fraaiio, IJakersli«lil Santa llnrliara,
I.oa Angeles. DcmiQg, El Faso,
New Orloanß ami East 6:45p
1O:OOa Vallcjo. Martinez and Way Stations 7: l.">p
1 liOOa Haywards. Nile3 ami Wcy Stations. 8«43p
12:00m NUes, Livermore, Stockton, .Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, V'iaaUa,
PcrterrUle 4:l»p
•l:OOp Sacramento Itlver Bteamen •^^OOp
8:00p Hapvards, NU • and.Way Stations. Osl!>p
4><l»r Martinez, Bau It-tson, Vallejo,
Napa, OttU**ogn., Santa Rosa Bil3a
4iO«r Bcnicia, Vaeaville, Sacramento,
o Woodland, Knlßhta Landing,
MatssTttle, Orovillo IO:4S*
4:80pNIIe?, Han. Stockton 7:ir»p
•l:3Or Yosemito Sleeping Car for Raymond 1B:1»P
s:OOpThe «>v,l. Tracy, Fresno. IJakcrs-
iield, Saugus tor Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles 0:45*.
O:«Op StocktoD, Merced, l'rcsiio 12:15p
s:tiOi> Martinez, Tracy, alsndota, Fresno,
Mojavo cn;l )<os Augelea S:43a
o:<tOi> Santa l'u Itonte, Atlantic Kxpresa .
for Mojnve nail [Cast 6:13p
6:00f Chi&igo-San Francieco Special,
mil K-St S:sOp
6:00p Hayvrarda, Kilesand San Jose 7:-t-iA
i *O:OOi- Vnllejii 13:13p
! J7:OOp Vullejo. Port Costa and Way Hta-
tions Jo»s3p
8:«5i- Oregon press, Haoraruento, Marys-
villc. Ueiltiiiig, l'ortland, I'nget
,S 1m,.l i: st »:I^A
COAST DIVISION (Narrow Gangc).
(Foot of Market Street.)
17>45a Santa Cruz Excursion tor Santa •
Cruz and Principal Way Stations JB:osp
6>lsa Newark, Center vi San Jose,Felton,
BoulderCreek,Banta Cruz and Way
Stations O:.1Op
•Silßp Newark, CenterTlllo, ban Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Iloulder Creek,
Santa Cruz auil Principal Way
Stations •lOiBOa
4:13p Ban Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions 9 :20a
I Mi 1 3p Felton, Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
j tiona /9;2»a.
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtmSAK FIUKCISCO— foot of Market Street (Slip —
•7:16 0:00 11:00a.M. 11:00 *2:00 *3:00
•1:00 tS:0O *6:00p.m.
' rromOf.KUKD— Foot of Broadway.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00a.m.
t!2:00 *l-.00 tS:0O *3:CO t "tjOO '5:00p.m.
COAST VISION (Broad Gauge).
i (Third and Townscml St*.)
•O:1.OA Ocean View, South Han Francisco.. »0:3Op
! <»7;OOa Kan Jobs and Way Stntionu (New
Almaden Weilneailays only) «BiOOa
I J7:3Oa Sunday Excursion fcr Santa Cruz,
Pacitic Grove and Principal Way
Stations }Bi3sp
9iooa Han Joso, Trae Pluoe, HanU Cruz,
Pacific Grove, Paso Itobles, Kan
Luis Obispo, Surf, Lonjpoc and
Principal Wiiy iStatiiiiia 4:lOp
lOiIOi San Jose in. ■! Way Htatioijg 0:85_
11:3Oa San Jose and Way .Stations ltOOr
*U:43p San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San Jose,
- Hollinter, Santa Cruz. Salinas,
Monterey ami Pacilio Grove *10:3foA
•»:»Op San.Tose, Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove
and Principal Way Stnliona »7:aop
•4:13p San .lose ami Priucipal Way (Stations 0:43a
•3:«Op San Jose and Principal Way Stations *S:3r»A
S:3or Sau Jose and Principal Way Stations *9:<>oa
«:!tOp San Jose aud Wayfitatioufl B::;«p
' f11:45i- San Jobb ami Way Stations t":3op
A for Morning. I' for Afternoon.
•Sunday exeepted. J Sunday only. 1 Saturday only.
fcSaturday and Sunday. /.Sunday and Monday.
CALIF OKNIA NORTHWESTERN IT. CO.
UEISSE3EI
SAfl FBANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFI&
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburoa Ferry. Foot oi Market St,
BAN FRANCISCO .TO BAN RAFAEI* I
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, »:00, 11:00 a. m.; 1*:38»
t:SO, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursday a— Extra trl»
at 11:30 p.' m. Saturdays— Eatra trip* at l:fid
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:80. 11:00 a. c_| 1:30, »:«^
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— fi:lO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:0,
! 1:40, 5:16 p. m. (Saturdays — trips at
1:56 and 6:3a p. m.
SUNDAYS— b:Ii). 8:10, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 8:40, 6:05,
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Bchuetz«n Park
i earns schedule as above. ■
Leave • I" Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco. ,
. April 14. L -r- ■■»
! Week Sun- 1»99. I 6«_.- Week
' Days. days. Destination. ' days. Days.
i 7:30 am 8:08 am' Novato, |l0:40 am 8:40 am
8:80 piu, 9:30 ami Petaluma. 8:05 pm, 10:25 am,
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Kusa. ■ 7:35 pm t 6:M pa
) Fulton,
f ISO am Windsor. 10:18 am
Heal da burr,
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
I |:Kpm 8:00 am <21overdale, T:SB pm 6: SO pna
T:tO am I Hopland and 10:25 am
; 1:30 pm 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
! T:3u am 10:25 %m
8:00 am Ouerne-illa. 7:35 pm
• :80 pm 6:20 pn_
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
I and
: 1:10 pm 5:00 pro Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm t:tO pra
! T:80 am 8:00 am Bebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
I 1:30 pm 5:00 pm : I 7:85 pmj 6:20 pra
Stages connect at Santa Roea for Mark West
! Bprlngs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttcn
for Lytton Springs; at Geyaervllle for Bkagga
Springe; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land lor Duncan Spring's, Highland Springs,
Keleeyvllle, Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
I Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno.
I Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's^
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville.
i Boonevllle, Phllo, Christine, Soda Springs.
I Nav».rro, Whltesboro. Albion, Little River.
: Orr's Hot Bprings. Mendoclno City, Fort Brags.
Westpert. Usal, Wlllltts. Laytonvllle, Cum-
' Tiling's, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen'a. Dyer,
Bcotla and Eureka. iqCTH
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rate*.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St.. Chronicle blag*
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent,
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Comment:' April 23, J.599.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO. *8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m. ;
•1:45, 3:20, 4:00. *6:00, 6:30 p. b.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
i Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— '8:00, »9:00 *10:00. 11:00. 11:30 a.
m. ; 1:00. *1:45. *2:30. »4:00. 5:30. 6:45 p. m.
j 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Raf'l Sundays.
i 6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN F.RANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. *6:40. 7:55. 8:40. »10:20
a. m. . 12:30. 2:15. »3:40. 4:35. 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m. •
SUNDAYS— «S:00. "9:45. •10:4o. •11:45
a. m.; 1:00. 2:20, »3:80. *5:15. *6:00, 7:00. 10:15
p. T?alns marked (•) run to San Quentln.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
I FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
- WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:50. 7:55. 8:55. 10:35
la, m.; 12:35. 2:45, 4:55. 5:20 p. ns.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
; and Saturdays, at 7:00. 10:20 p. m.
i SUNDAYS - 8:00. 10:00. 11:10 a. m.; 12:05.
i 1:20. 2:40. 3:55. 5:30. 6:80. 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m week days — Cazadero and way sta ns,
3-20 p. m Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta ns.
5-15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
; 8-00 a m Sundays— Cazadero and way sta ns.
! 1-45 p. m Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way eta ns.
i ______________»—»——»-—»-———— —~~~~;^^^^"**^^^^^^
/^l\ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
flL^J^ 025 KKARXY fit. Established
BQfifsPiiiiSl In 1554 for the treatment ol Private
J Diseases, Manhood. Debility or
fs_?s KEAB3IT HT Kstabllsaed
in ISS4 for the trcatmpnt ol Private
I >iseuseB. Lost Man hood. Debility or
&&Se&s&V9i disease wearing on bodyand mlndand
rv'-^V&ViSI s!.m i.)l_t>__f&7The doctor cures
»«^^^mothei3fill. Try aim. Charges low
CurpkC'/arantrt-d. or write.
jir' J- &' ' iIBE.«S _U>x iBS7. S_S Frßncigoo
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
78
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market, and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:SO o'clock.
SOO Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
ES9 McAlllEter street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
1261 Market street, corner Sixteenth ; open
until 8 o'clock.
100 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
1526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets: open until '• o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Commandery No. 16. ,^-itgt !
K. T., Golden Gate building. 625 Sutter IpST
—Special assembly THIS EN- fC_
ING at k o'clock. The order of the W
Temple will be conferred. All fraters »
ore courteously invited.
J. C. CAMPBELL, Em. Coir:
WM. T. FONDA, Recorder.
*" " ~ m
BAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1, Royal -M\-
Arch Masons— Meets THIS EVENING TT
M. M d-Kreo. . ' ~ '
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. and m
A. M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, _**_
at 7:30 o'clock. 3 D. Master Masons TC2C
cordially invited. By order of ihe*V^
W. M. WALTER G. ANDERSON, See.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of Pa-
cific Undertakers will be held at 777 Mission
st. on WEDNESDAY', August 23, IS."?, at
8:30 p. m., for the election of directors for the
ensuing year and the transaction of such other ■
business as may come before It. Transfer
books will close Friday, Aug. 18. at 4 p. m.
By order of the board of directors.
M. C. GORHAM. Secretary.
ACCOUNTANTS.
B. K. BALLARD, 401 Cal. st., designs, audit* A |
• adjusts accounts for corporations & firms; ref.
~ ASTROLOGY.
PROFESSOR RO.\F Of Boston, astrologer and
occultist; horoscopes, etc. 34 Sixth st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; P.. W. King, attorney at law, !
sixth floor. Chronicle building; no advance
charges; estates, mortgages, damages, attach
. ments. bankruptcy, all cases; wills, contracts,
etc., drawn; moderate fees; call or write.
MAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— James G. Ma-
guire (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices io the Parr ott build- j
ing. 525-555 Market St.; tel. South 215.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W. i
. HOWE, any at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn. |
J. R. PARKER. 916 Market St.. room 67; advice '
free; charge low; business pushed. !
' NAGLE _ -. AGLE, Attorneys-at-Law. Emma !
Spreckels Bulldinc. 927 Market st. '
•L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels building, 927
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance.
,Ar>Yl freo; rto charge unless successful. W. ■
W. DAVIDS* iN. '■:: Mark.--. St., .-!■;■■ Mason.
BOARD VM) ROOMS.
AT~4Ts First st.— Nicely furnished rooms, with
board, ?;. a week up; Swedish home; parlor.
FRUITV.M.K: prlv. board; extensive grounds,
lncl. orchard; Hopkins House, Hopkins and
Fruitvale av.; cars pass. Ad. Diamond P. O. ,
■ HOTEL FA I RMOUNT— Strictly Brst-class; 1714
-• Market st., S. F. Cal.; American and Euro- j
pean plan: elegantly furnished rooms, single I
or en suite; board and room, $1 per day up; j
■suites without board, $1 per day; single rooms,
. 60c; special rates by month, also to tourists.
LAS PALM IS2O Market— Parlor, 2 bed- .
rooms, suitable for 4; private; bath; board op.
O'FARRELL, 742— Clean, comfortable rooms; i
good home cooking; special rates to gents.
POWELL 303 (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union
Eq.— Restaurant, dining rm.; cen. for lunches. ,
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly i
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the ,
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
■ Holmes Rook Cc. 704 Mission Ft., near Third.
M_— _— — — — — —^ ———■———. — — — ■ — — — — — ■^
BUSINESS CHANCES.
X— $1500 — CORNER grocery and bar; transfer
point; rent $40; a good-paying store; establish-
ed ears; full value in sight; all cash trade.
. Call R. G. ILKE, $<<& Market st.
'A— s7so- : -CORNER grocery and bar In Western I
Addition; splendid ness; first-class pay-
' " ins' sickness of owner causes a bargain. ,
WILKE, '.«'-6 .Markot st.
A -PARTNER with $1200 wanted in old-estab-
Ushed country grocer} store and bar; lively ;
manufacturing town: 15 miles from city. R.
G. WILKE 906 Market St. |
• "__s(soo— NEWSPAPER and periodical route; !
'. nfet-class faying; including stock of periodi-
cal? store fixtures and 3 furnished rooms.
. Call R. G. WILKE, 906 Market st.
=A— [OPHOt'SE and coffee saloon in
wholesale district; established many years,
' and doing spler.did busin.-ss; no low prices;
■ . rent cheap. Call R. G. WILKE, 906 Market.
A— ssoo; PAR IN ER wanted in pork and sau- ;
tsage factory; knowledge of business not nee- j
ess-ary; only good lively man wanted to at- j
tend books and outside route. WILKE, 906 |
Market si * j
A— J265O; OLD-ESTABLISHED corner grocery j
and bar on Eddy st; a splendid location and I
first-class paying; stock will invoice the price;
living rooms; horse and was death in fam-
ily only cause of sale. WILKE, 906 Market.
A— sl2oo; SALOON and lunch house, with living i
rooms; surrounded by factories and ware- :
house; rent $15; a money-making place. Call , '
R. G. WILKE, 906 Market St. ' !
A— sl2sl/: . SALOON on Third St., close to Call
build rent $S0; established years and pay-
ing splendidly; Investigate Boon; a rare
chance. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market St.
$325 — BARGAIN: Decker square piano; worth
$1000; almost new. BASILE. 3 Eddy st. j
$350 CORNER saloon: bargain; sickness cause j
of sale. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 : v Market.
A— s2so; locksmith shop for sale; bargain this :
day. McLAL'GHLIN & CO.. 777--. Market st.
CIGAR store at iireat sacrifice; day trade: cen-
trally located. COWING & CO., 995 Market
GOOD- PAYING barber shop; good laundry of-
fice; cheap for cash. Box 2201, Call office.
$100— CIGAR stand: Al location; good chance.
Apply Florist, 9 Eddy St., 10 a. m. to 6 p. m. I
FIN?" furnished saloon; must be sold $500
2 cigar stores; cheap ir,o
Half interest in a hotel : S5O
.Fine bargains in business opportunities. j
•'•Call room 2. 1007% Market St., near Sixth. |
WANTED— Energetic young man to Join me in
-. the purchase of sugar pine lumbering -Want
now In successful operation; 20 per cent guar-
anteed on Investment; $1800 required. Ad-
dress Lumber] lock box 412. Uklah, Cal.
■FOR rent— Rare chance; on account of sick-
ness, fine summer resort doing good business:
■ near railroad station. Alameda County. For
further Information call S. STERN, 34 Fourth
100 SHARES of Alaska Salmon stock at $60 per
share;- you can double your money in 90 days.
. Call at once at CLARK & CO.'S, room 509,
Examiner building.
CALIFORNIAXS are slow; I want an East-
' erner or Klondiker to Join me In an Immense j
. . enterprise; few thousand dollars Is required. I
.• - Box 1062, Call office.
GROCERY and bar doing good business: ter-
minus of car line. Address J. D.. 2526 Mission
! ■ st ; no agents apply.
"LIFE Insurance policies bought, cash. W. Nich-
olson. Atty ■■ Financial Agt.Hackmeier Hotel.
FIRST-RATE butcher shop to let; even-thing
- complete; ■■ good opportunity. 1135 Folsom st. i
..•TO sell or exchange— Business, any kind. Ap- '
• ply W. B. DENNISON. 7K3>4 Market st. j
WANTED— Man with $500 to go to Oregon; fine
chance. Address box 3271. Call office.
MILLINERY store: best part of Mission; full
value In stock. 1034 Valencia st.
FOR sale— Meat market, established 10 years.
2708 Mission.
' NICE fixtures in cigar and stationery store; ex- j
cellent location: low rent. 256 Third St.
PARTNER— Or will sell out wood and coal
' business. Box 1072, Call office.
..'■WANTED — Men for rich Government oil lands: j
best chance ever offered to make money. For
full particulars address S. KLEIN, box 1303. )
FRUIT store; 8 living rooms; large cellar;
-Horse: and wagon; paying business. 20»
• Second st. ; bargain.
BARGAIN— Lark Saloon. 12 Seventh st., I. O.
O F. building, opp. New Postofflce building. '
PARTNER wanted, good house. 50 rooms.
lined, central; single man preferred. Box
1019. Call. j
BECK & CO NOAH F. FLOOD, Attorney.
Kuv sell and exchange real estate and busi-
ness' chances: loans and collections made, 835
• Market st.
53^i"~T-__A good home bakery; for particular*
?nqulre^t 2585 Market St.. near Sixteenth.
J. McELLIGOTT. !
w-ttjct PL.ASS paying butcher, sausage and
packing business for «ale In one of the
. £&__________:
■ tlculars inquire at this office.
- „_„ nd ' tea routes supplied from GEO.
41? Sacramento st.
■tunrtlN- Meat market: $250; splendid lo^
*_Ui?y; cut TbSilneM. Apply owner, 606 Cartro. J
BUSINESS CHANCES—
COUNTRY store, consisting of bakery, confec-
tionery. Ice cream parlors, etc.; clearing $100
monthly; see this chance; price $500. HbALI,
617 Market st
$176— LADIES, attention; branch bakery, candy,
etc.; rooms. HEALY. 917 Market st.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
WANTED— Hcuse painted and rooms papered in
exchange for 2-seated business buggy or sin-
gle bugsy. Apply 3164 Twenty-fourth st.
DOCTOR'S phaeton; good condition; at a sac-
rifice; $40. 3650 Seventeenth St.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
100 SETS eecond-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
J McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson st ; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter it.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned »at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
Ft.; cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLiN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.: tel. Fast IM.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing: a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
Agent. Office and factory, 21 Spear st.
clairvoyants.
MRS. DR. CLARK,
the well-known trance medium and clair-
voyant may be consulted en all affairs of
life. While entranced she will ■ -veal every
hidden mystery; si.e will show you how to
overcome your enemies; remove family trou-
bles- restore lost affections; unites the sep-
arated; recovers lost, stolen or buried prop-
ertv locates treasures and minerals: tells
your entire life. past, present and future,
§ while In a perfect trance: perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; nend "amp for circular
with special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK,
10234 Market at., near Sixth. Always consult
the best
MME LANGE the great clairvoyant, tells past
and' future; never falls; has the greatest
Fgyptlan secret: shows picture of future hus-
band or wife; fee, 2."c and up; satisfaction to
everybody; lucky numbers. : i" Howard st., nr.
Fifth. Mme. Lange will remove to her new
office, 1167 Market St.. Tuesday. August Id.
MME. LANGE, the great clairvoyant tells past
and future; never fails: has the greatest
Egyptian secret; shows picture of future hus- |
band or wife; fee, 26c and up: satisfaction to
everybody: lucky numbers. 910 Howard. nr. sth.
MME PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
sight; diagnoses disease: full life readings:
ladies. 50c; gents, $1: sittings, $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME HANSON c^rd reader and palmist; past.
* present and future. 25c. 148 Sixth st.. room 12.
MISS A L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 28 Sixth st.. rooms 2-3.
YOU R~ future told by cards; 25c. 619% Larkin
st.: Sunday hours from 7 p. m. to 10 p. m.
MEDIUM and healer: clr. Mondays. Thursdays;
v p. m. Mrs. Elirhorn. 1908% Mission St.
MME RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth St.
ARRIVED— Prof. Haley; tells your life from
cradle to grave, BOc, $1 up. 106 Taylor, par.3-5.
GYPSY life reader, returned with renewed"
power in spiritualist reading. 25c up. 5 7th.
Mini MOREAU the best medium and card
reader; 2"c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
MME. AUGUST, 1149 Mission St., clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
MME SYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
hand's picture. gr>: ladles. r 'l4 O'Farrell st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY" Agency: no charge un-
less successful. Room an f 2T Market s'
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE, 9 rooms, bath and laundry; stable
for 5 horses. 8765 Seventeenth at.
COUNTRY PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED — A good farm or fruit ranch in any
of the bay counties, valued at from $10,000 to
$16,000, in exchange for first-class income busi-
ness corner; rents well anil has good future;
I clear of mortgage. WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
I Mills building, S. F. : '■>'<?■ Broadway, Oakland.
DENTISTS.
A^t>R~T?~R HIGGINS' dental parlors, 927
Market St., over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract- :
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the best and most artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold ;
fillings from $1 up; other fillings from 50c; \
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain; plates that fit
from $4 50 up; flesh colored plates from $3 50
up; teeth without plates a_ specialty; open
evenings and Sundays. '
A NEW ANAESTHETIC FOR PAINLESS
DENTISTRY. SYNOL
Removes the pain; an application to the
gums and th? nerves sleep, you remain wide
awake; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; plates, i
full set, $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth St.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st., cor, 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our laity; gold crowns,
$3 60 up: plates, extractions free. $4 SO up; of- i
' fice hours. 9a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9to 2 ;
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D.. Manager.
I'!' GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 3 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. near,
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a i
specialty: all work reasonable; gas given.
1 VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years: lowest prices; 10
operators: no students. 997 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
IUNG, 1841 Polk st.
MEYER. 6 Turk: Deutscher 2.!ahnarzt: crown
and bridge work: open Sundays, 9 to 12 m.
OHIO Dental — Fillings, E-C up; crowns,
$3 up: open evenings. 850 M"-Vet St
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
LATEST patterns Just arrived from New York
at the McDowell Dressmaking School, 103
POEt st.
S. F. DRESSMAKING School: practical meth- j
ods; terms reasonable. 104 Kearny st.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st. San
Francisco ßookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, telegraphy, |
English branches, civil and mining engineer-
ing, assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy,
surveying, etc.; electrical engineering— theory, ,
practice, design, construction, mechanical !
drawing; 25 teachers; individual instruction;
200 graduates annually placed In positions;
students can enter fcr any course any time;
no entrance examinations; new 80-page cata-
log free.
MARK HOPKINS INSTITUTE OF ART,
SCHOOL OF DESIGN.
This school will reopen on Monday, August
7th; drawing, painting and modeling from
life; still life or antique; half-days, $7 per :
month: whole days, $10 per month, or $37 00
per term of 4V4 months; night classes Mon-
days, Wednesdays and Fridays; antique $3 ;
and life $5 per month. For further particulars |
apply tc the Mark Hopkins Institute of Art
or .it the school building, corner of Pine and :
Mason streets. J. R. MARTIN, Secretary.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the universities, law and medical col-
leges, teachers' examinations, etc.; special
courses in all English branches, languages,
mathematics, sciences, etc.; evening classes;
references. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor. Phelan building.
YOUNG lady, German preferred, or one capable j
to instruct German with 2 children of t> and !
3; must assist elder with piano; all afternoon
preferred; state terms, references and hours.
Address, per letter, H. L., 2441 Buchanan st.
RALSTONITES invited; Prof. John D. Hoover
; from the Ralston School of Physical Culture
at Washington, D. C, will open his classes at
Hoover Hall, 1327 Market St., Monday even-
ing. August -1. 1899.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St., short- j
hand, typewriting, bookkeeping, writing. Eng- I
lish, telegraphy, under qualified teacher; low I
rates; life scholarship. $50; catalogue.
A— HOPF'S Singing. Piano School; summer
rates. %; French, Spanish dally. Merc. Li-
brary. 530 Golden Gate, r. 5-6-7; hours. 2 to 8.
AN experienced gentleman, unusually qualified
to instruct youths or adults, will be free for
more pupils by Aug. 15. Address box 1157, Call.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archi.; day and eve.
ett 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 833 Market.
I A LADY teaches piano, mandolin thoroughly;
60c an hour; excellent pianist and accompanist
for entertainments and vocalists. 1209 Octavia,
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College. 1236 Markt.
PIANO, mandolin, guitar lessons, 60c, at
pupil's home. Box 1055, Call office.
MISS Guadalupe Vallejo teaches Spanish and
English; competent; translations. 1512 Cal. at.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 14, 1899.
EDUCATIONAL.
M G. BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal), Instructs
In shorthand; pupils by mail. 302 Montgomery.
•■EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 Larkln st.. opp. City Hall.
ENGLISH literature, classes or privte; special
Shakespeare classes. Mrs. Ehrman, 1234 Bush.
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory In
Lelpslc; lessons. "sc. 320 Golden Gate ave.
LAW Schools. 927 Market, S. F., and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
day an d night; terms low. 1024 Mission nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHETM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary st. ; tel. Grant 36.
EMFLOY.MEJiT WASTED — Female.
NEAT young girl desires situation as nurse,
housework or second girl; city or country.
I'. CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COMPETENT Norwegian girl desires situation
aa cook or housework; beet of local ref.; city
or country. I). CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST CLASS American cook desires situation;
undori-lar.r's her business thoroughly. MISS
I> CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Infants' nurse desires situation;
best of ref.; city or country. MISS D. CtTL-
LEN, 526 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS waitress wants position; city
or country; good ref. MISS H. CULLINAN,
323 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS laundress desires situation ; good
ref.; city or country. MISS H. CULLINAN,
323 Butter st.
COMPETENT girl from the East wants pobl-
tion; good cook and houseworker. MISS
CULLINAN. 323 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS second girl desires situation;
best ref. MISS CULLINAN, 323 Butter st.,
phone Main 661.
A NORWEGIAN housegirl. good cook and
houseworker. Ad. MRS. NORTON, Swedish
and German Employment Buroau, 313 Sutter.
BITUATION wanted by competent woman;
good cook; would not object to housework;
city or country; reference. 16 Willow ave.,
off I-srkin st.
WANTED— Situation by elderly woman; light
housework; city or country. Call 10 Wetmore
place, off Powell St.
SITUATION wanted by a German girl for sec-
ond work or children; wages $20. Box 1439.
Call office.
EXPERT woman cook wishes situation in min-
ing town or on large ranch. 647 Mission st.,
room 2.
I RESPECTABLE young girl wishes situation
to do housework. Please call 245 Clementina
St., off Fourth; no postals.
NEAT young utrl wishes a place to assist In
lig] t housework or care of a child. Call 946 I
Harrison st.
COMPETENT girl —ould like any kind of work
during the day. Address A. R.. box 1069, Call.
A rOUNG lady wishes position as housekeeper.
Please call 71!' Market St., mom 27:
NEAT good woman wishes place to assist In
housework or upstairs work. 946 Harrison.
YOUNG Swedish girl wants place to do general
housework. Call W Eleventh st j
WANTED— A first-class position to do upstairs
work; sewer, waitress; wages $25. Address |
eniia st.
LADY'S nurse, with hospital experience, would
like to care for an Invalid or would do month- I
ly nursing on reasonable terms; references
given. Hox 1051, Call office^
COMPETENT person wants place to cook;
willing to assist or general work In small
family. Apply Monday at 103 Van Ness ave.
YOUNG French woman wishes work by the I
flay washing, ironing or housecleaning. 610
I -oik st.
GERMAN woman wants work by the day
washing or cleaning: neat and clean worker.
Apply at 4:> Ivy ave.; do not send postals.
WANTED— By a young woman a position to
do upstairs work and sewing. Address or call
225 Birch ave.
GERMAN lady wishes a situation as house-
keejier; reference If required. Call or address
1147 Mission St.. near Seventh.
WOMAN with a baby wishes position; good
cook; will do s.mall washing. Apply 944 Mls-
M'.n st.
WANTED— A situation by a first-class cook, or
would do general housework In a small fam-
ily, ("all at Lester House, room 6, Eighth
and Clay sts., Oak<and. j
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar- |
ke#; 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night; $150 to $6!
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bun j
and baggage to and from ferry. i
A WEEKS news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
;__ ' ~~~*~~ > ■*~~~*~~~~~~~'
EMPLOI WENT WASTED — Mnle.
1 CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best Kelp. 414H O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
WANTED By young man. window or house-
cleaning; all kinds of walls and wallpaper]
cleaned or Other work. ANDERSEN, 952 !
Hush .st.. L-1. Last MS.
YOUNG porter, during daytime employed.
would like to clean up saloon or grtH-ery in
morning In exchange for room or small pay.
Box 1379. Call office.
YOUNG man desires p-sitlon with private fam- '
ily; understands the care of horses; can milk
and tend garden; references. Hox 10C0, Call.
GOOD barber wants situation; steady or Wed.,
Sat., Sun. Box. 2203, Call office.
YOUNG man want? work of any kind; prefers
1 office work. Box 1065, Call office.
PAINTER, paper-hanger and tinter, 15 years'
experience, with good helper, will work very !
cheap; 'lay nr contract; city or country. Ad-
dress box 1376, Call, office.
YOUNG man, age 25, wants situation In store, j
office or collector; wages moderate; gatlsfac- .
fory references. Box 1052, Call office. |
SITUATK IN wanted by a waiter and bed- j
maker; city or country. Address A. D., box
1045. <".ill office. j
JAPANESE boy wants situation; general
housework. Address H. K.. 4164 Post st.
INDUSTRIOUS, sober and honest gentleman,
understands care of fine horses, cows, gar-
den work and Is handy with tools, desires |
position. Address box 1598. Call office.
CIVIL engineer, surveyor and draughtsman.
with first-class field and office outfit, would
like an engagement with contractor. Address '
box 1597, Call office. I
I YOUNG Englishman of good appearance and j
average business education, seeks position;
trustworthy and steady. I. WITTV. Hotel j
Robinson, 1049A Market st.
RESPECTABLE man of 40 (German), with a
monthly income, wishes a situation; has a
little experience in grocery, bar. cigar store
! or hotol clerk. Address box 1594, Call office.
WANTED.. Grubstake, about $75. by competent,
practical man. Address box 1595, Call office.
GOOD winemaker, 20 years' experience. Just
I arrived from France, desires a position In a
wine cellar; best references. GUILHEM.
New Europe Hotel, 725 Sansoma st.
YOUNG man wants situation as gardener In
private family; reference. Address J. A.
MacpONALP. 214 Third Bt.
EXCHANGE.
$1700— GREAT bargain; 20 acres, right at sta-
tion Sonoma County; all In fruit; owner go-
lnc to Europe. C. K. KING, 902 Broadway,
i. 'nklnnd.
.',<> .VRES; fine ranch; Sonoma County; 14 acres
fruit: all low land; good improvements; $3800.
C. K. KING, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
I 3 ACRES; Frultvale; house and well; $2000. C.
K. KING, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
i BUSINESS property on Sixth st., near Broad-
way, for sale cheap, $5000, by C. K. KING,
902 Broadway. Oakland.
: -ACRE fnilt ranch. Sonoma: $4SOO. 15-
-acre orßnge orchard. Orovllle; $5500. 2."i-acre
ran'h. Haywnrds; $7000, 26-acre fruit ranch,
Martlnf-z; exchange; property city, over the
bay. GERMAN-AMERICAN, 34 Kearny st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
HIGHEST U. S army, navy and Government
officials are using Mayerle's glasses. GEO.
MAYEKLE, German Expert Optician, char-
ter member American Association of Opti-
cians. 1071>4 Market st.. San Francisco, Cal.;
glasses fitted by mall.
FLATS TO LET.
I A^NORTHWEST cor. Howard and^ErleT^near
Thirteenth— Rarely beautiful sunny 7 rooms.
j $20: water free; key premises, 1722 Howard st.
A LOWKK bay-window fiat; 4. large rooms,
bath, yard. 7M Franklin st., nr. Golden Gate.
CORNER flat. 4 sunny rooms; rent $12. Apply
at 19 Hartford st.
EDDY. 6S5— A strictly first-class lower flat, 7
rooms and bath; rent (with water), $25, no
less; richly worth $30.
FLAT— 4 sunny rooms. 3 Isis St., n*ar Twelfth
and Folsom; rent $13.
FLAT hunting made easy with th« printed
list you get from BALDWIN _ HOWELL,
jo Montgomery st.
FULTON. J46— Good lower flat, 6 rooms, bath;
near City Hall: $16.
HAYES. SE. cor. Laguna— Handsome upper
flat, 8 rooms and bath; sunny; In fine order.
HOWARD. 1133—4 nice sunny rooms; large cel-
lar; cheap. t
PLATS TO LET.
HOWARD, 1418H— 7 rooms, 7 closets, bath;
rent cheap to good tenant.
LEAVENWORTH. 1619— Flat of 6 rooms; gas;
bath; rent $15.
LOWER fiat, 4 rooms and bathtubs; yard. 64
Fair Oaks st., near Twenty-second.
MODERN and cheap: 3H Meacham place, near
Post and Hyde; five convenient rooms.
MODERN bay-w7ndaw~flat of 4 rooms and
bath; rent $15. 245 Ninth st.
NEW flat. 6 rooms, bath: 119 William St.. bet
Taylor and Jones. Apply_at 729 Ellis at.
NICE flat, 8 rooms and bath; modern; rent
cheap. 3397 Sacramento Ft.
THIRD, 417V4— Latest Improved flat; new build-
ing (i double bay-window sunny suites). 14
rooms and 3 kitchens; suitable 3 families.
2 FLATS; upper andTower; rent $7 and $7 50.
244 and 256 Harriet st. bet. Harrlsun and Bry-
.ant. Sixth and Seventh.
$12— UPPER cornersunny flat. Apply grocery,
corner Twenty-fourth and Florida, sts.
FIRMTIRU FOR _ SA J I i E JU~
TAPESTRY Brussels carpet?, laid and lined.
BOc. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310 Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnished TrToaU for S« 60, .with No.
7 mnse. King Furniture Co.. 112.-1131 Market.
HELP WANTED — Female^
A— l GERMAN cooks. $36 and $30; housework.
San Rafael $30. Oakdale $30. Stockton $2^ An-
tloch $25, Oakland $25. San Jose $I.^ Bjjlvj-
dere $20; 10 housework girls, $25 and 880 ; 18
young girls to assist. $10. $12 and *15. MISS
D. CULLEN, 325 Sutter st
A-4 WAITRESSES. $20, $18 and $15; 2 ctu.ni-
bermaids and waitresses, country. $20 each.
I). CTTLLEN, 325 Sutter st :
FRENCH~maId and seamstress, $20 per month;
city. D. CULLEN. Co Butter st.
WOMAN with a child, $12 per month; coun-
try. D. CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. ■
MAN and wTfeTW to T $35; country; < cook and
roundabout work; call early. MISS _>.
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID. Institution, $15 to $20; 5 sec-
ond girls. $25, $20 and $15. city; waitress, pri-
vate family, t3T P. CULLEN. 886 Sottwr rt.
C. R. HANSEN &CO PHONE GRANT 186
Head waitress, $30. and 2 waitresses, $20. for
commercial hotel, fare one way; 2 waitresses,
Madera, fare one way; waitress for commer-
cial dirTing room, country, $22 50; 2 waitresses.
Sonora $20 For the clty we
want head waitress. $25; head waitress. $22 50;
4 waitresses. $20; 3 restaurant waitresses. $6 a
week; fancy ironer, extra work, $1 d0 day and
free . . f . are . .'.' family ' order's"'.:::'.:::::: : ::
Cook and second girl who are accustomed to
working for army officers, $45 to $o0; second
girl, country, $2u, frc-e fare; housegirl, An-
tloch. see lady hen-; housegirl. Santa Clara,
$20 free fare; nursegirl who understands care
of bottle baby, 520. nnd many girls for cook-
ing and housework, city and country, $lo to
?2j C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st
NURSERY governess for 3 children; must be
able to teach German and music; $2a; country;
see party here. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary et.
\ HOUSEWORK, Oakland. $25, see lady here
Mondav morning; Swedish second girl. city,
private" family. MISS CULLINAN. 323 Sutter.
A NEAT young girL light housework. $10 to
$15. MISS CULLINAN. 323 Sutter st.
| A MAID and seamstress, $25. MISS CULLI-
NAN, 323 Sutter St.
Jl WOMAN to cook for men. country, $20.
MISS CULLINAN, 323 Putter St.
I TWO cooks. American style, $30 each; 2 cooks.
$25 each' 2 second girls; laundress, $25; nurse
girl. $25; 8 young girls to assist. $25; house-
girls. $25 and $20; ranch cook, $25. MRS.
N ORTON, 313 Sutter st.
GIRLS GIRLS
I LEVI STRAUSS & CO., at 321-j Fremont Bt.,
are putting in the very best Hewing machines;
will take in several hundred more operators
on overalls; good wagwi. Apply to MR.
DAVIS.
WAITRESSES for springs and hotels: $20; free
fare. HOTEL GAZETTE, -6 Montgomery st.
WOMEN and girls— Apply immediately. Cali-
fornia Canneries Co., Ltd., Brannan st, bet.
Third and Fouith.
EXPERIENCED canners wanted. Apply im-
mediately California Canneries Co.. Ltd.,
Brannan St., between Third and Fourth.
WANTED- 200 WOMEN AND GIRLS to work
on fruit at Fontana & Co.'s Cannery, corner
Francisco and Taylor sts.
WANTED— A first-class tailoress on fine coats;
good wages by lot. 223 Kearny St., room 15;
come early.
WANTED — Middle-aged woman as house-
keeper to go In country: no objection to one
Child. Call bet. 11 and L tli 3,1 st. BROWN.
WANTED— Quickly, to travel, lady, short, pre-
r n«s«=slng, stylish, for vaudeville specialty.
Box 1206, Oill office.
FIRST CLASS sewers for cording skirts, etc..
to take work home. H. FRIEDLANDER, 33S
Fell st.
WANTED — Girl for general housework; refer-
ence. 920 Eddy st.
A YOUNG girl for general housework at 1016
Geary st.
GIRL to do cooking and housework. 204
Halght st :
WANTED— GirI to do light housework. 11120A
Treat ave.
WANTED— In a family of 2 adults, a girl for
general housework: wages $10. 1132 Fulton st.
GIRL to assist in general housework. 737
McAllister st., near Octavia.
GIRL for general housework: assist In cook-
Ing; references. 2013 Pine, near Laguna.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress to work on coats. 431
Hayes st.
tailokkss wanted on coats. 4; r; Examiner
building.
WANTED Experienced apprentice on tailor-
Ing; steady work. K32'4 Folsom rt.
YOUNG slrl for llcht housework; Benicla, Cal.
Particulars at 739 Minna St.
YOUNG woman for light housework and to
mind children. Rl6 Fulton St.
GOOD tailoress for custom coats. 186 Ship-
ley st.
GIRL for housework. Call after 9. 969 Mls-
slon st.
WAITRESS wanted at 183 Seventh St., bet.
Mission nnd Howard; call at once.
FINISHERS on custom coats. Inquire at
Balwln Annex tailor store, 924 Market st.
WANTED -Young girl for general housework
and cooking; wages $20. 1125 O'Farrell st
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring trade; paid
while learning. 449 Minna st.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress on coats. 272 Stevenson
Ht. ; upstairs; steady work.
COMPETENT girl for housework. 1002 Van
Ness ave.; forenoon.
MIDDLE-AGED woman or girl to assist; $10.
1021 Van Ness ave.
WAITRESS wanted; wages $6 a week. 305
O'Farrell Bt,
WANTED Strong young girl for general
housework at 1747 Post st.
GIRL for cooking and housework; no washing;
wages $20. Call at 1605 Laguna st.
WANTED— A girl for general housework
wagos $ln. at 1747 Post St.
TAILORESS on custom coats; steady work.
120 Sutter st, room 75.
NEAT girl for light housework; wages $12.
Apply at 1336 Ellis st.
WANTED— 2 girls as waitresses. 309 Powell
st ; good pay. .
TAILORESSES nnd finishers on custom coats.
2TA Ellis st, corner Taylor.
WANTED— GirI to do second work and wait at
table in family of 4; state age, experience and
salary expected. Address box 3202, Call.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' wrap-
pers and waists. MARKS BROS., 1212 Market.
OPERATORS on shirts; a few apprentices
taken. LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 36^ Fremont
st. ; take elevator
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit;
steady employment. CODE - PORTWOO.D
CANNING CO., Tenth and Bryant sts.
FAT ladles wanted: good compensation. Apply
at the Olympia. Mason and Eddy sts., bet. 1
and 2 to-day.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit at
376 San Jose ave.
GIRL for general housework: references. Call
after 10 a. m., 1326 Grove St.
YOUNG girl for general housework. Call at
2935 Twenty-fourth st.
WANTED — A German or Swedish girl for gen-
eral housework; must be good cook. Apply
1392 Geary st
WANTED— A good German girl for cooking and
general housework: good wages. Call Mon-
, day morning at 3601 Clay si.
HELP WANTED — Female.
WANTED for Monday— A large number of girls
of different nationalities for all kinds of work
such as laundresses, cooks, waitresses, second
girls, nurses, for city and country at wages
running from $15 to $30 per month; too many
orders to particularly advertise; call and se-
cure a place. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
Sutter St.
WANTED— A German girl for general house-
work; reference required. 2096 Mission st.
GIRLS to sew buttons on shirts. LF.VI
_STRAUSS & CO., 36H Fremont st^
WANTED— A young girl to thread needles on
embroidery machine. 224 Bush st.
EXPERIENCED hand on custom coats. 115H
Harriet st.
! GIRL wanted to do general housework and at-
| tend to children. 103 Juniper st.
I WANTED— A woman who is used to nursing.
Apply at 439 Minna st.
EXPERIENCED operators on skirts; power.
A. AARON. 579 Mission st. _____
WANTED— Young girl for white sewing; steady
work; German preferred. Call at 4048 17th
EXPERIENCED operators on gents' custom
shirts; steady employment to good hands. 000
Valencia St.
WANT a neat girl for light housework and
sleep at home. 2539 Bakerst.
FIRST-CLASS trimmer wanted at 1323 Stock-
ton St., New York Millinery.
GOOD makers wanted at 1323 Stockton St., New
York Millinery. .
WANTED— Young girl to assist in housework;
$7 per month; German preferred. 301 Bryant.
GIRL for chamberwork. wait and assist; expe-
rienced. Call 742 O'Farrell st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
I'nited States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
HELP WANTED Male.
WANTED— 4O fruit pickers, $1 day and board,
long Job; 100 hop pickers. SO cents and 90
cents per 100, pood conveniences for living:
cooks, waiters, dishwashers, porters, bakers'
helpers and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
628 Sacramento st. _____
WANTED— 4 more fence builders, fare paid;
man and wife, private family. $30: milker and
wife, $36, and wife board men; driver for
milk wagon. $35; sheep herder, $20; wood
turner, $3 day; man about place. $20; ranch
blacksmith, $36; blacksmith helper, $1 50 day
and board; farmers and vineyard man, $25
to $30; creamery buttermaker; 2 milkers, $25;
boy to learn wine making, $13 and found;
chore boy, $10; lumber crew for Oregon. $1 7.~.
to $3 day; 75 laborers for mines and quarries,
$1 75. $1 90 and $2 day; miners. $40 and
found: wood choppers and others. J. F.
CROSETT-- CO.. 62S Sacramento at.
MI'RRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 684S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
Want to-day, 6493 men and boys, from $125
to $15 per month, board and lodgings, come
and see us; 3G4 laborers and teamsters, for all
part? of California, including San Francisco,
wages $3. $2 50, $2, $1 75 day (no experience re-
quired), $45 and found; 6 men as deck hands
(no experience required), boss at our of 'ice,
$4.> and found
25 laborers for quarry" $42 and found
$3 day 9 drillers and hamrnersmen $3 day
BIG WAGES I'A!l>
At mines 37 mines Good mines
197 men wanted as laborers (no experience re-
quired, anybody tWll suit, you will), wages
$57 per month. Including board and lodgings,
steady Jobs year round, R.R. fare from $123;
6 miners, hard rock, double, $2 50 day.
A — s3 75 day, bollermakera and carpenters; 2
bollermakera for a mine, $375 day
4 carpenters for ranches. i2 50 day and found..
6 carpenters, city jobs, S ! ours, 2 months'
Job, $2 50 day.
A— ...BLACKSMITHS AND MACHINISTS...
15 blacksmiths, horseshoers and helpers. $3,
$2 50, $2 day. $60. $50, $40, $."0 and found
3 machinists, city and country $3 day
ENGINEERS, WAGONMAKERS
Engineer for a sawmill, married $I'mjO year
3 wagonmakers. $7S and $2 50 day. steady jobs
..PAINTERS. SASH AND DOOR MAKERS..
Carriage painter, near city $40 and found
Sash and door makers, country; cabinetmak-
ers
DAIRIES AND FARMS
36 milkers, different dairies. .s3o, $25 aTid found
89 farm, orchard and vineyard ands
$3.", $30, $26, $20 per month and found
$3 50 a day 36 balers $?. 30 a day
HAY AND HARVEST HELP
r,9 men for hay and harvest fields. $2 50, $2,
$1 50, $1 25 a day and found, all big, long Jobs.
CHORE MEN AND BOYS
29 chore men and boys, for all classes of
places, bakeries, privnte residences, stables,
ranches, farms, shop factories, shops, trades,
etc.. $30, $26, $25, $20, $15, $10 per month and
found
9 stable men, city and country jobs. $45. $40. [
$30, $25, $20 per month and found.? bed makers j
672 woodchoppers fare paid tie
makers wanted by the hundreds, $2 50, $2,
$1 75. $1 50, $1 cord, 13c. 12c, 10c each, tools
arid food
IN SAN FRANCISCO
64 laborers and teamsters, city Jobs. $2, $1 75
a day $10 per month and found
PRIVATE RESIDENCE HELP
7 coachmen and gardeners; also men about
private residences, city and country Jobs, $30,
$25, $20
ARK YOU MARRIED?
3 COOkS and wives 2 milkers and wives
4 farmers and wives. .3 waiters and waitresses
2 gardeners and wives
$50. $40. $35 and found.
MURRAY & READY,
, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A CANDYMAKER; country.
MURRAY .t READY, 634-636 Clay st.
/WE SHIP YOU FREE TO
all the railroads but one
(That one wo don't sell to Is toast railroad),
drillers, headermen, splkers. section hands.
muckers, laborers, teamsters, etc. ; wages
from $3 day
MURRAY A READY, 634-036 Clay st.
A— HOTEL DHPA HTM KNT BAKERS
29 c00k5.. ..555, 150, $45. $40, $35, $30. $_, found
4K dishwashers $30, $2.". $20, $13, found.
32 waiters $35. $30, $25, $20. found
6 first hands, S second, 4 third hands; 5 boys
to help In German bakeries, $45. $35, $30, $25,
$''0 $15 per month and found: come and see..
LAUNDRYMEN
9 laundrymen. $35, $30, $25 and found
Porters. Janitors, shoemakers, pantrymen,
elevator boys, boys to learn waiting, etc.
MI'RRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
184 FRUIT PICKERS $30 AND FOUND
Men or boys; anybody will suit; 90 days'
work; office fee $1. MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
WE PAY YOUR FARES
IKS laborers for sawmills and woods (no
perlence required): anybody will suit: wages
$2>i to $40 and found: also planing mill help.
Also 156 men to every position In woods and
mill I
Head donkey men: crosscut sawyers.
tally men. setters for mill, screw turn-
ers." sawyers, wood- turners, mill bench ;
hands tree fellers. Jackscrewers, lum- j
ber pliers, spooltenders, shingle bolt i
makers and others; wages $96, $90. $S5.
$SO. $75, $70. $63. $60. $50, $40, $30 and
found. Come and see
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED
4 miners $3 per day
2 laborers for mine $2 25 per day
4 rough carpenters for mine, $2 psr day;
swampers, woodchoppers, crosscut sawyers,
Jackscrewers and laborers for large lumber
company. $26 to $35 per month and board and
fare advanced
5 milkers, see boss here $30
20 farm hands $1 P<r day
2 elevator boys $10 and found
Fruit pickers and others
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
W A NTED
6 laborers for railroad yard near city, $1 60
per day and board where you like.
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay St.
WAITER, $30- kitchen man. $30; kitchen por-
ter, $20. HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery
street.
SOBER, plain workingman for all-around work
in business; can give steady city references;
married; German speaking preferred; wages
$10 a week; no board. 15 City Hall Square.
"WANTED— Boy 15 or 16 years old to work in
grocery store; no Sunday work: sleep home.
Apply southeast corner Sacramento and I
Leavenworth ste.
FOREMAN, married or single, to take charge
of vineyard of large corporation: several hun-
dred dollars cash security or honds required;
pleasant 1 idependent position. Box 2204
Call offlc ■
A— 2 CARPENTj rtS wanted: $3 day: 4 months'
Job. Call MRS. J. WARTON. 313 Sutter, early.
GOOD tailor w nted. Kearny St., room 1,
upstairs.
LUNCH waiter, saloon. Corner Fourth and
Townsend sts.
ERRAND boy wanted for tailorshop. 13S Russ
street.
ERRAND boy wanted. 2009 Flllmore street.
BOY wanted to stay in plumbing shop. 630
Post st.
KITCHEN man who can cook short orders; $20
per month and room. 28 First st.
PORTER from 11 a. m. to 4 p. m. ; $2 per week.
105 California Restaurant, California Market.
ERRAND bgy; also apprentice. 120 Sutter St.,
room 73.
FIRST-CLASS ladies' tailors; no others need
apply; state where last employed. Bx 2202. Ca11.
WANTED— A dishwasher. Old Washington Ho-
tel. 824 Fourth St.
WANTED— Dishwasher; must be steady, sober
man. Call 10 a. m.. 32 Sixth st.
WANTED — 4 men for light work; steady job.
376 San Jose ave.
A GOOD and sober waiter, cook and dishwash-
er at S Jnckson St.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker to work inside. 411H
Kearny st.. first floor.
BARBERS— Good-paying 3-chalr shop with
baths In prosperous country town. Addlv
[ DECK FJ.M AN BROS.. 106 Ellis st.
HELP WANTED Male.
FREE MB • • FREE FARE
Laborers, teamsters and tunnelmen. $1 '5 to
$2 75 a day. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
10 LABORERS for street work, city: board
where you like; pay once a week; $2 a day:
5 months' job. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st. _
8 LABORERS for the woods. $30 and found. see
boss here. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
10 FRUIT pickers for Butte County. $1 a day
and found; pond men. $30 and found; garden-
er, private place, $25; blacksmith, country
shop. $3 a day; blacksmith, ranch. $40, fare
50c; stableman, $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary St.
8 MEN to help timber a tunnel, $2 a day; 4
scraper dumpers, $2 a day; 6 scraper loaders,
$2 a day. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
2 CAMP waiters, free fare. $25 and found;
camp cook. 20 men, $35. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary St.
FRENCH second cook, country hotel. $60; sec-
ond cook, hotel, city, $60: second cook, hotel.
$50; dishwasher. $7 a week: dishwasher. $30:
potwasher, $7 a week: waiter, $S a week;
hotel, $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
GOOD dishwasher wanted at 106 Second st.
WANTED— Beer tapper and lunchman; German
preferred. 1053 Market st.
GOOD painter t.-.s morning. Apply before 8
o'clock at 206 Rltch st.
WANTED— Steady, reliable man in commis-
sion business; will pay $15 to $18 per week;
must have $100 cash; experience not neces-
sary. 1032 Market St., room 4.
MEN to learn barber trade; $15 weekly made
after 8 weeks' practice; only institution teach-
ing the tonsorlal art; call or write for free
Illustrated catalogue. MOLER'S BARBER
COLLEGE, 635 Clay St., near Kearny.
YOUNG man with some experience at plumb-
Ing; state age and wages expected. Box
1044. Call office.
WANTED— 4 good bridge carpenters. Apply
J. WORTHINGTON, S. F. and S. J. V. R.
R.. Pinole.
EXPERIENCED hands on wicker work on
demijohns, 627 Brannan st.
MEN wanted everywhere to distribute samples
and advertise California Orange Syrup; $2
per day and expenses paid: cash every week;
particulars for 2-cent stamp. California
Orange Syrup c-> . San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— Teamsters to drive scrapers; wages I
$1 75 and $2; board, $4 50 per week. Apply E.
B. .STONE'S camp, near San Pablo station,
on Valley Road. |
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know i
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still |
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED — One hundred and fifty men on grad-
In for railroad bet. Truckee and Lake Ta-
hoe: wages $2. TRUCKEE & LAKE TAHOE
TRANSPORTATION CO. Apply at Truckee.
600 MEN— to-day; get a pair of shoes, some
nearly new, from 50c to $1 50; new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission st.,
bet. Ist and 2d sts. ; open 6 a. m. to 9 p. m.
SAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe,
Hawaiian Islands. Manila. Alaska. New York.
W. LANE, Shipping Agent. 504-506 Davis st.
TAKE care of your shoes or they will not take
care of you; half-soled while waiting, 35c to
60c. 662 Mission at., between Ist and 2d sts.
BOYS from 12 to 16 years old. Apply at Glass
Works, corner of Seventh and Townsend sts.
GENT'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50 up: sole-
Ing. 30c up: heeling. 15c up. 923 Howard st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
TRY our 15c meals; best In city. 406 McAllis-
ter st.
MEN can learn barber trade for $5 at 1542 Mar-
ket st. ; free shaving in students' department.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart St.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 15c and 25c
per night. Lindell. 6th and Howard; read. rm.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE, 13SV4 Eighth st.
PENSIONS— H SHEPARD & CO., attor-
neys, Hearst bidg.. Third and Market.
SINGLE rooms 15c, 20c, 25c per night; 75c, $1
to $2 60 week. Elcho House, 863V. Market st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market st., below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
i HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
j ___^__^_____
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts harness: Grand Arcade Horse 1 .rket,
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE-. Auctioneers.
60 HEAD of horses at auction, 220 Valencia St.,
Monday. A\i_. 14, at 11 o'clock. S. WAT-
KINS. Auctioneer.
200 HEAD fine dairy milch cows for sale. Ap-
ply at 241 Seventh st., S. F.
FIXE Jersey cow for sale cheap. 1024 Fran-
cisco st, near Larkln.
FOR SALE— A fresh young cow and calf. 4150
Seventeenth st.
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL-
ZHEL. veterinary dentist. 605 Golden Gate.
HORSES WANTED.
FARMERS— Wanted 1 or 2 good sound horses
for delivery. 900 to 1050 weight; well chested;
age 3 to 5: price reasonable. Box 1458, Call.
HOUSES — LODGING For Sale.
EL C. DECKER, 1020 MARKET, OPP. FIFTH.
14 rooms on Mission st $375
.22 rooms on Geary St.; cost $4000 2000
30-room house on Second st 750
32 rooms on Market st 1200
8 rooms: new flat; very good 3uO
30-room house: fine corner
PRICE VERY LOW.
17-room house, new furniture 850
12-room house, large yard; downtown — 400
18 rooms; clears $100; only 300
12 rooms; exchange for large house 600
64-room house; clears $300 1600
A— KREDO & CO . ..'.' .__% GEARY ST.
MONEY TO LOAN. LOANS NEGOTIATED.
— 4-room flat: worth $250; rent $15.
6-room flat. Van Ness; rent $20.
$2500—60 rooms. Third St., corner; a bargain.
$5000 — 105 rooms, new, elevator; clears $300 mo.
$1400 — 36 rooms, Market: half cash.
1 $700—27 ROOMS; all rented; Market st. cen-
tral; $400 cash; bal. time. BASILE. 3 Eddv.
PARTIES wishing to sell lodging-houses see
BASILE, 3 Eddy st.; new buyers daily.
$200 SNAP — IS-room house; all rented: near
Market st.: rent $40 month. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
ROOMING house, centrally located: cause of
sale sickness; bargain. COWING & CO.. 990
Market st.
ROOMING-HOUSE for sale in Oakland; clears
$100 month. Apply 503 California ?t.. room 210.
HOISES TO LET.
A?~m7~SF>E<'K & CO., 667 Market St. ~~
2677 Mission; 6 r...52n 519>-Stevenson; 8 r..515
1333 Howard; 6 r... 19 1 820 Jessie; 5 r 14
774 Folsom; 7 r.... IS 229 Minna; 4 r 12
147% Perry; 5 ,-... 16 1136 Howard; 4 r.... 12
255 Clem'tina; 5 r. 15; 537 Jersey; 5 r 11
414 Capp; 5 r 16 267 Natoma; 3 r— 7 50
FIRST-CLASS new roadside house to lease. 22
handsome rooms, large bar ■ and restaurant,
stable, garden, etc.: splendid business cor-
ner; on Ocean boulevard, opposite Life Sav-
ing station. DAVIDSON & LEIGH, agents,
30 Montgomery st.
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 MARKET ST.
18 rooms; rent $40; must sell Monday $250
28 rooms; rent $50; always full 750
47 rooms; cor.; rent $75; snap; see It 1250
FOR quick sale of your lodging house or furni-
ture or to buy lodging houses cheap, call
room 2. 10fl7>i Market St., near Sixth.
: HOUSE hunting made ea»y with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st. .
LAGUNA. 1715-1717—2 nice sunny S-room
houses; bath; newly papered and painted: $30.
MISSION. 2553. nr. 22d— 8 large rooms; modern;
electric, gas lighting; water free.
TO LET— A house of 6 rooms; large cement
and stable. Apply 4.'. Prosper st.
! TO LET— house: 4 rooms. 1310% Larkin
I street.
! TWO fine houses in splendid condition. 3"56 and
3392 Twenty-first Et.. cor. Guerrero; 7 and 12
rooms. ___________»__.
HOUSES TO LET Fnrnislicd.
SUNNY house; choice locality: rent $30; desire
to sell contents; bargain for any one contem-
plating housekeeping. Box 1421. Call.
BIRCH AVE.. 5. off Larktn— rooms and bath;
nicely furnished
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— House of 7 to 9 rooms by respon-
sible party of 4 grown persons; will pay good
rent if modern improvements and house suits.
Address box 3201. Call. _________
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Fox terrier bitch: black stripe on head.
Return to 428 California st. ; »-• reward.
A ST. GEORGE dollar oxydlzed watch-charm;
finder call manager Wlcland Brewery ; reward.
LOST on Market st A cameo locket; suitable
reward. J. R. LINEN. 3 Eddy st.
LOST— Geary St., bet. Hyde and Franklin,
out of a phaeton, one light-colored Kersey
blanket with letter B on one side; also the
cushion. Return to the St. Lawrence stable.
423 Poet St., and receive reward. ,
MEDICAL.
A~TREATMENT that ne^e7'l a7Ts~~7o"~mn£re
instantly all cases of monthly irregularities
from whatever cause; guaranteed cure at of-
fice, $5 positively; no Instrument, used; saf«
and sure; cure at any time when others fail-
absolute success and safety guaranteed; trav-
elers helped at once; can return home same
day; save time and expense by consulting
first the only reliable ladies' physician i,t
long and successful practice; confidential ad-
vice free. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market st.
bet. Mason and Taylor. Office hours 9 a. m!
to sp. m., 7 to Sp. m. ; Sundays 3 to 4.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all fema!»
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and star.,
their case before going elsewhere; they will
find in her a true friend: a home for patient*
with every comfort, convenience of a hospi-
tal and privacy of a home; consultation freo
and confidential; home treatment. $5; no in-
struments used: satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded by MRS. DR. GWYER. 510
Eddy st , bet. Hyde and Larkin: office hours
10 to 12. 2 to 4 and 7 to 8. Sundays by ap-
pointment only.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly ail
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause); safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
same day: no instruments i .ed: cure at of-
fice $5; home In confinement; skillful medical
attention: all can save time and expense by
consulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post -• bet.
Hyde and Larkin: hours, 10 to » and 7 to S
p. m. Sundays, 10 to 1£ and 1 to 4 p. m
THE only place for ladles to consult In all
cases of female complaints; best male expert
physician: we guarantee absolute success at
once; no pain or after effects; we have never
a single failure; we treat by the latest scien-
tific methods; positively no Instruments: self-
cure, $5, guaranteed; nice private home; sep-
arate rooms In confinement; best of care;
kind assistance for the unfortunate: price
reasonable. The Pacific Coast Sanitarium.
office 1206 Market st.
MRS. DR. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate ave.—
Expert in diseases of women; safe, quick
cure for all female complaints; private home
in confinement; every comfort: infants adopt-
ed; best of care and medical attention; In-
stant relief for travelers; all those who are
sick or discouraged should call; they will find
a true friend and adviser: consult free; self.
cure, $5; can be used at home.
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
ro years' practice; safe and culck cure guar-
anteed: any disease or Irregularity: dlsgn.cn
i avoided; kind sympathy and .-lid: sure relleT.
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
I etc., ba' !es adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay: self-cure sent: call or write; free; confi-
I dential. MRS. M. DA VIES. 122S Market St.,
pills, $1; very strong. $2.
IMPORTANT — A great progress in medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause: every woman her own physician; no
matter how long standing; travelers helped
at once; safe; call on a physician with men's
knowledge; cure. $5; restores in one day an.
prevents disgrace; can be sent; consultation
free; ladies' physician, practice 37 years.
DR. POPPER. 313 Kearny st.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly Irregular-
ities, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell
has treated successfully more cases of irreg-
ularities than any other physician; never
fails to cure; consult him first, save time and
money; treatment can be used at home; con-
sultation free; call or write. 1023«4 Market st.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor: Chinese tea
and herb sanitarium. 764-766 Clay St., San
Francisco; all diseases cured exclusively by
Chinese herbs", over 3000 varieties being used;
advice free: hours. 9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 D. m.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with,
female troubles: no danger; safe cure: $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
ALL female complaints cured In 24 hours: well
known, reliable, safe, sure; maternity home;
no instruments; consultation free, confidential;
home treatment. $.". MRS. ALLEN, 223 VanNess.
A— DR. AND MRS. Sll V, -I.'-.. Mason St.—
Private home in confinement; ladies' friend
In trouble; terms r.-as. ; call and be convinced.
NICE private home to confinement at the most
reasonable price in the city; infants adopted.
MRS. M. PFEIFFER, midwife, 2012 Folsom.
PRIVATE home in confinement, by German
midwife; Infants adopted into good homes;
rm. for invalid. 521 Eddy; phone Hyde 2553.
DU PRAE'S Female Regulating Pills; safe and
efficient emmenagegue; $1 per b0... RICH-
ARDS ft CO., druggists. 406 Clay, sole agents.
DR. and Mrs. Wise, 111S Market St.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back;so up.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife: pleasant sunny home-
In confinement. 156 Second st. : tel. Green 52.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MINING AND ASSAYING.
CALL at 137 Beale st.. and see the greatest
placer machine on earth.
; DON'T Bell Central Eureka stock before you
see R. L. CHENEY. 530 California St.
MISCELLANEOUS — For Sale.
BOILERS engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont «t.
ANOTHER fine typewriter cheap; get sample
of work. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Mont-
gomery st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion St., above Sixth.
BARS counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
AN elegant cluster diamond and ruby scarf pin;
"cost at Tiffany's, N. Y., (200; price $125.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
FOR sale— A thoroughbred Jersey cow and
calf. Kansas st., bet. Sixteenth and Seven-
teenth. Potrero.
PURE distilled water ice, $3 50 per ton car-
loads, f. o. b. ; $4 for less: sack packing and
cartage extra. Tel. South 463. Consumer-'
Ice Co.. 420 Eighth St.. S. F.
ENGINES for automobiles: carriages, separate
parts furn. Dynamic Eng. Co., 1309 Mission.
BOILERS, engines lathes, wood planers. 12-24
in. gas 'engine; _ hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
NEW (Acme) 3-plate amalgamating concen-
trator ' cheap. PROSPECT CAMP, Ocean
Beach.
BILLIARD tables; few remodeled, good a*
new; cheap for cash or installments. THE
•BRUNSWICK-BALKE CO.. 655 Market st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
1 3-H P Golden Gate gas engine: perfect ordar;
complete:, must sell. EPSTEIN. 648 Mission.
A— s3 :.O DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st., near Pisa.
FINE suit $9 75; pant3. $2 75. ORIGINAL MIS-
FIT CLOTHING PARLOR. 513 Montgomery.
BOILERS and engines, second hand: also win-
making mach'y. Krogh Mfg. Co.. Stevenson st
2D-HAND engines, boilers, machinery dyna-
mos; bought, sold. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand all
sizes- half original cost. 109-111 Market. 3. F.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— lease Esquimau bitch to breed:
dog same breed. Box ■'. Call office. Oakland.
WANTED— To hire. 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long job. E. B.
STONE. Elmtiurst.
MOM-V TO LOAN.
ANVTmount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval or any other good security; payable
back in Installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
nav it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire- avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
you 'will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-69 Donohoe : : lg.. 1170 Market St. •
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. abov»
Sixth: telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6'. per cent on real estate. 3d
and 2.1 mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate: mortgage- and legacies bought; no de-
lay. t; McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store M6 Market st. • telephone Main IM4.
ANT amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bidg.. 130 Powell st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out Indorser. MORRELL. 808 Examiner _K-
AT Nevada Loan Office, 214 Grant ave Money
loaned on diamonds, Jewelry and clothing.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortga.;
nny proposition. DRY HEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK, lit' McAllister «>.
MONEY loaned salaried people on . their notes
without Indorser. TOUSLET, 592 Pan '- ''g.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MTTRPHY. '" "■■' ■'"* *',
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASES.
M, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs and
all other' musical Instruments or all grades
and prices: terms easy: prices lowest; every-
thing possible do.e to please and satisfy the
customer.
A PRACTICALLY new Steinway Upright sac-
rificed. Room 12; Flood building.
WANTED— 2 Square Pianos and 4 Cabinet Or-
«an«. BYRON MAUZV, 2** Post at.MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
' ASiwe are selling tood upright pianos for $6
cash and $G per month, we ask you to Inveatl-
pate and approve this method; prices are the
■ sar.ie as if purchased for all rash; bargains
in good second-hand upright upon same easy
rnvments and some good pianos for J3. $4 and
$s:"per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway :■■ lera corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. '
BARGAINS! Bargains'.— Go to Wilton's : : ; nit"
-Rooms. 1710 Market Ft., and see (.Mother lot
pood Standard upright*: very che<ip for cash.
\" NUMBER of good second-hand m- rights tor
cale cheap at MAUVAIS' 7f.3 Market ■'■
A DECKER & .SON. th* piano for you to buy:
beautiful new stylo. MAUVAIS'. 7S'.t Market.
A BARGAIN — Stetnway upright cheap.
SCHMITZ 1 . lfi """Allister. next Hibernla ink.
A-^5- UPRIGHT nlano In tine condition; also
, the famous Hording Bros. 216 McA'.list »r st.
CHEAP Steinway upright: also the famous
Horr.unc Bros.' pianos. 216 McAllister st.
A — UPRIGHTS 169 up; Installments, ?•". 7". nv:
rents, S2 up fal o«-.d on sale). Heine. 135 El \-
SOHMERi Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 30S
i-ost St.' *
W. G BADGER 415 Sacramento st.. agent for
- Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
KNVHE ;>ianos: -evv sca:e:-new styles. KOH-
• . I.ER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell St.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, Id and new, H.
•' 51uil.FR. rrmker. r.;airer. 2 Latham place.
.OFFICES AND STORJES — To Let.
EMMA.; SPRECKEL3 BLDG., !>27 Market st.
: .■ . Offices SI! SO to $20.
Light, heat, janitor and teleDhone Included.
. : ' • ASHTON * GARDINER. Room 210.
""•STORE' suitable for drug, dry goods or any
oth<r business; ?30. SW. cor. Pacific and
;• Leavenworth sts. UMBSEN, '- Montgomery.
FO]t rent- - St«r». SSPfc Howard Ft.: Just the
;' place, for barber shop or restaurant. CR] M
• " ■ Sr - CO.. 118 Montgomery Ft.
■ store. 50n Howard: good location for restau-
; rant; rent $16. MADISON .'. BURKE.
•'•HORSrSHOER— Well-PFtablishPd shop, good
... lncatlon: rent low. 1223 ___!__— — —
PALMISTRY.
■IJ>fE~~N~I?E7rG?\A7iD. pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. 610 Gtary st.. above Jones: clasaps:
• . r.-'flr'' hmir* 1 to S n m,': rcafllne hv rrn'i *!■
PERSONALS.
'"WANTED to kr.ow the address of WILLIAM
STEWART who enlisted at Governors
Island in June or July, and who passed
- \ through Cincinnati on his way to ban Fran-
• Cisco between the Sth and I4th of July, 1599.
Important. MARIE STUART, College Hill,
Cincinnati, Ohio. .
•HE FINED elderly] lady desires acquaintance of
eldeH^gcniloman with means willing to loan
$50 for S months on new household iurniture
as security. Box 1043. Call.
LEDERER'S Quintonlca does not dye th» hair.
but freshens and cfeanses it: 33c bottle ; see
displav in window this week. LEDERER s
Foamo Shampoo. 6c packa ge.-g123 Stockton st.
iLEDERER'S artistic luir artists make coif-
fures an art «udy; charges only 2h<*; switches
t'. up; hair rolls reduced. Ledcrer. 123 Stockton.
Jl PER weekjfor lady's suit, jacket or cape,
gentleman's suit or overcoat. Eastern out-
fitting Co.. 13M Stockton Et.. near Broadway.
NEW cure for Rheumatism. MRS. DR. HOP-
KINS. SSS Market st.. office 2^
MAMA. 1 want a sombrero; genuine; 40c up.
Mexican store. 114 Stockton : sl,j
GOOD tailor-made suits at reasonable prices
by F SCHOETTLER. 329^Kearny s^
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. 4 S"utter St.. Laws a Specialty
San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ASSORTMENT of imported and domestic rem-
nant* for suits to ordf-r. $1" 75; pant*. $3 7.) :
ncthlng higher. One-Price Tailoring to., 1644
Market St.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel 44 Third St., near Market; 700 rooms:
2'c to ?1 50 per night: $1 50 to 'f, per week;
free "bus and baggage to ami from the ferry.
T BRILLIANT. 335-340 Post St.. will sell you
furniture/ carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc.. on very easy payments.
A— LADIES' tailor-made suits to order at
wholesale figures. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
AIME LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed
from O'Farrell to 132 Eddy St.
DR CREELYIS JDog Hospital. K'H Elm ave. ;
office at ll<'<?e Hospital, -'l'l Golden Gate.
JAMES A SORENSEN, watchmaker and Jew-
eler, removed to 103 Sixth t., near Mission.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOSHI TAN I. ?.13 tter st.
RUPTURE, stricture cui-pd: nn knife; no injec-
tion: cuarantd. Dr. Grvrdin.r.l4 Pine.ab.Krny.
A_-Ladles" or uenis 1 cl. thing, furniture bought,
Fold: tel. Mint &97. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
SUITS to order on easv installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Mnrlt-t st.. bet. 7th and Sth.
WANTED— OId cold for mannfacng. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 24* O'Farrell. bet: Powell & Mason
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
J~>R. OLIVE" GRUVER, free treatment daily, 10
a. m. and 12 m. 12nC Market st.. room C.
>'R C. C. O'DONNELL. office and residence.
M21% Market st., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — For Sale.
Joi PER lot— ls lota, cor. Thirty-sixth ave. and
M st.. 25x120 each; a rnap. O. D. BALDWIN
dt SON. 22 Montgomery St.
JHOO-^-RENTS S2": 3-story house in good con-
dition, Julian ave. bet. Fourteen and Fif-
: teenth. Valencia and Mission. O. D. BALD-
WIN A- SON. 22 Montgomery Ft.
J"32004-Twenty.-slxth st., near Mission. 43:6x100;
large houst- of 30 rooms; will pay $M per
' month if alterations are made: mortgage of
J2500 can remain at 6 per cent. 0. -D. BALD-
. WIN A.- SON, 22 Montgomery st.
|_<XM-RENTS SlOO per month: Clay, near Brod-
f-riik; new modern flat*. 7 and 10 rooms each.
■ O. D. BALDWIN & SON. 22 Montgomery St.
JSOOO-^SHRADER tfr., near Oftk, few -steps from
• I'.irk entrance: Oak. and Page St. electric
1 . tars: fine residence, 0 rooms and bath; fur-
■, nace, >>tc. O. D. BALDWIN & SON, 22
! Montgomery st.
-■ :|/*-!fiQ_- RENTS $87 50 per month: T. elecant new
■ mi dern Hats on Broderick St.. near >ak: 27m!
xliiO. O. D. BALDWIN _ SON. 22 Montgom-
ery st.
" JS7SO— RENTS |S3 per month: 3 n*w up-to-date
fl.-its en Panhandle; electric cars pass the
d^or. O. D. BALDWIN & SON, 22 Montgom-
ery (=t.
' ONE of the finest residences In the city, the
very best location; ground will be worth
■ "'double the price in two y»»ars: residence al-
■ ■■ imOFt new and all the latest modern appli -
nnc>s; IS rooms, electric lighting and elec-
trie work throughout; fine modern stable for
i horses or more: *»vfiythlne in flrat-clasH
fnrdi-r. 3'. H. GILMORE, 321 Montgomery St.
NEW HOM ES
'• Five. 6, 7, !' ami 10 room houses, finished
: - with a!l modern conveniences, fronting on
' " Waller. Pierce and Primrose sts., from "$3lOO
"to $4500; t'-rrns to lit purchaser. F. NEL-
SON. Builder.
■ J3fiOo (Vp—WORTH fully $.'OOO 00, fnr nn excellent
lot with two story building, situate on north-
west corner of Tur-nty-third and Do] res sts ;
rilace must be sold consequently have reduced
the price accordingly. Address for particulars
to K. J.. Oakland, this paper. ;..
$120 f; <io Oil— AN excellent piece of business prop-
erty one i t the very best '-or ■■ in town,
paytaS ti l^ I'^r tent net on the price asked for
the same. For particulars address K. J., Oak-
lnri'l, this paper.
FINE 60-Vara lot, with big future of Improv-
ing in value; puitable for residences or flats;
will sell reasonable for cash. J. H. GIL-
"MOKK. 321 Montgomery St.
$12.-.n— COTTAGE of 4 rooms: lot 27'.x100. I Ha-
• n;nnd st.. h»twpcn IPth and 20th.
REAL ESTATE — COI \TKV — For Sale
.A' BARGAIN— Must be sold on account of sick-
ness: ranch of 32 acrea. in Sonoma City,
•within ten minutes' walk from station: all
In full b»aiing vines and fruits; tine dwelling
bouse of 'J rooms; large barn and stable; new
•t\ (iiiln.il! and tankhouse; plenty good water;
fanning Implements; everything in good con-
dition- crops go with th«* place. For full par-
ticulara address M. rOOST ft BRO., 6IS
Gough «t., San Francisco.
■ RANCH of 2"»;5 nens for sale; 1200 acres No. 1
■ ■ wheat land; balance ■ good grazing land;
abundance of running • atcr; good house of 6
rooms ami basement; : acres fenced with
rabbit proof wire netting; running water to
irrigate 5 acres; most of the ranch fenced.
AMily to S. A, PEN WELL. West Berkeley.
"restaurants.
WESTFRFELD'S restaurant, coffee and Ice
cream parlor. IPS.', Market st. : popular prices.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
•AT 14A Geary st., nice sunny front -suite for
light housekeeping ; very reasomible^
FOLSOM. 523— Parlor suite. 3 rooms completely
furnished for housekpg.; single or en suite.
FOLSO"M! 113C— 3 r.ice sunny rooms; complete
for housekeeping; r<-nt cheap.
GEARY, 1812%— Three comfortable furnished
rooms for housekeeping; rent $15.
GEARY. 1917—1 nice unfurnished rooms; bath;
" . toilet; gas; yard; basement. , • J
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING^
HARRISON. 731 3 rooms furnished for house-
keeping; large yard; rent $13.
HOWARD, 7C14— Nicely furnished bay-window
suite with kitchen; man -and wife; others;
bath.
IVANHOE, 1002 Polk. cor. Geary— Light, clean.
Funny; fur. hkpg. suites (3 to 5 r.). $15 up: ref.
IVY ave., »23, near Franklin— 2 very pleasant
sunny rooms; stove; sink; closets; sunny
yard; $9; also small single room, $8 20.
MISSION.. 92.V.4— Xicp'iy furnished sunny hskpg.
rms.; beautiful kitchen; exclusive bath porch.
MISSION. 045 — 3 rooms; bedroom and kitchen;
complete for housekeeping.
MISS! 1125' i— Large front room and con-
necting rooms, frnshd; hkpg.; $2 and $3 week.
PERRY, 16G— 2 or 3 furnished rooms for house-
keeping; very convenient.
PINE, 1200—2 front corner furnished house-
keeping rooms; folding bed; gas range; $13.
SECOND. 127— Sunny housekeeping rooms, $1 50;
single room?. $1 per week.
SIXTH. 216M,— Nicely fur. sunny front rooms
for light housekpg., $1 75 per wk. up; ul^et.
SIXTH. 420— Connecting housekeeping rooms;
double and single; bath, etc.
ST. JAMES, Laguna and McAllister— Choicest,
sunniest in city; low rates; furnished or not.
sitter 1111. nr. Larkin— Comfortably turn
single suites: also hskpg. : tiTmw reasonable.
THIRD, 143— Sunny housekeeping rooms com-
plete; first floor, front: hath; gas.
V \LENCIA 844— Nicely furnished sunny
room; closets; bath; gas; housekeeping; rea-
sonable. ______
VAN i NESS I ave.* 400— '■■■-•■■■ sunny upper
' floor; 3 rooms and bath: otlvr rooms.
ROOMS TO LET — Porn, anil I nfurn.
BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth-Rooms.
' ._.•„. to $1 per night; (1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping: open all night.
\HHO'ISi'"OKD (The), cor. Broadway and Polk
(juiet and homelike; rooms bright and sunny.
eingle. suite: cliara^s moderate; cars direct.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house: modern service; elevator;
Lath: rooms. soej_o 31 50 day. MRS. J. KINQ.
AT Sew Grand, 246 3d— 200 lst-class sunny rms.,
16c to $1 day; 90c to $4 wk; also housekeeping.
A— SUTTER. 715-717-S3l— Sunny ; reasonable; ap-
preciated if teen; pk-aae Investigate.
! ATI62 Second— Nice I ::£le, double and light
housekeeping rooms. %\ to (3 per week.
j \T 39 Turk, cor. Taylor— New mangt., renovat-
ed, sunny front bay-window rms.; transient.
! BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
j CARROLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
I ave.— Sunny corner; well furn. rms. & offices.
! CLAY 572, south of Frederick— Modern
sunny Hat; 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
> CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
j EDDY, 614— Small sunny front room nicely fur-
nished; closet, bath, folding-bed; private
family; clean and quiet; SS.
j EIGHTH, 10U, near -Furnished sunny
front room.
' FERN ELL House.47 Pest— New management;
all rms refurnished; suites and single: baths.
I ].-. iLSOM, 776Vi— Large furnished room to rent,
very convenient. ___.
FOURTH. 222'i <Palm • -First-class sun-
ny bay-window rooms: also single, Jl 25 up
GEARY, 402— Newly furnished sunny rooms and
suites: $2 per week up; also housekeeping :
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Comfortable furn.
rooms; travelers accommodated. MRS. Hthh.
i GEARY, 655-Elegantly furnished parlors for
| rent: also single rooms; bath.
1 JEARY, 71", near Leavenworth— 2 neatly fur-
j in shed rooms, $7 and $4 per, month; ! gaB,T bath.-
-! GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor Seventh and
Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or single;
ladies' parlors; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House 7SI Mission— Select Ia:nlly
rooming house; $1 50 to 5 ' per.. week.
HaTTrIET. 3, off Howard, near Sixth— Two
i single bedrooms; separate; one sunny; cheap.
I HARRISON. 7S4'i. near Fourth— Nice furnished
I rooms; bath; all conveniences; homeliKe; Jl
I week up. -
I HAWTHORNE. 34, bet. 2d and 3d, nr. How-
j ard— Newly fur. single, doub. rms.. $1 wk. up.
j HOTEL Grosvenor. 319 Sutter, nr. Stockton-
Sunny suites, single rms.; elev.: free baths.
■ HOWARD. k;S— Furnished rooms from $1 per
week up; also housekeeping and transient^
JESSIE. r.o>— Nice sunny furnished rooms, dou-
ble and single; private; rent reasonable.
j LARKIN 804— Sunny back bedroom and kitch-
en furnished; yard; $9; double room fur.. $7.
j LEWIS. 16 off Taylor— 4 bay-window rooms,
I $15, and two partly furnished rooms. tS.
i MARKET, 1035, and 33 Fifth— New manage-
ment; tine sunny suites and elngle rooms.
! MARKET, 1037H (The Epworth) $5 to $20 per
menth: $1 25 to $5 per week; clean and re-
| speetable.
| MINNA 687. cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room. $1 per v.eek: transient.
MISSION S4fi. near Fifth— S choice large front
sunny bay- window rooms; also single.
j MISSION, 1241— Two connecting front rooms,
i f.,r two only.
OCTAVI'A, 1 103, cor Geary-Large front bay-
-1 window; mantel; closet; gas; tur -. ?S; 1. »6.
j G'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
officer; elevator: electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
! O'FARRELL. f.37— Large room; suitable for one
or two gentlemen.
j poi.K, 717— Nicely furnished rooms, $•'> and $6;
j light* housekeeping. .
! POST 62'— Elegantly furnished sunny suite;
! also single rooms. 'MISS A. CALHOUN.
! 1 ., ,-•; r,27, nr. Mason— Front neatly furnished
room; suitable for 2 gents; also one singly
POWELL GOSA— Finely furnished rooms, suite
or single; bath; private family; gentlemen
only.
ROYAL House, 126 Elils st.— lncandescent
Hpht reading room, smoking room and :
ladies' parlor; rooms, per night, 35c to 11 BO;
week, }2 to $S; month, $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor: rooms with hot. cold wat.: baths.
I SEVENTH, 2COA— 2 newiy furnished rooms; pri-
vate family; new house; SS and $10.
I SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
neat Market— Furnished and unfurnished
', SIXTH, 33. nr. Market; Hlllsdale House— Ele-
gant furnished rooms; elevator; transient.
SIXTH 13G— Rooms for light housekeeping;
also rooms.
STEVENSON, 409. above sth— Nice sunny front
rooms, from $1 up; clean, quiet.
; TAYLOR. 117 — Changed hands; furnished
rooms, single nnd en suite.
| THE Oaks, 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
! THE Oliver 965 Folsom, cor. 6th- Sunny corner 1
| rms., suites and single; gas; bath; new mangt.
' THIRD, 25— Sunny white rooms; white gas
light?; extra good beds; $1 50 to $3 a week.
| THIRD, 106H. near Mission— Seattle— Nice
sunny rooms. $1 25 to $S.
j TWENTY-THIRD. 3726. near Dolores— 3 sunny
bay-window i ms; complete.
I TURK. D43— Clean quiet single room for gen-
I tleman, with bath $1 p p i" week; private fatn.
I VAI. I. '. 1329- Strictly private: 2 nicely fur-
nished rooms for gentlemen; marine view; use
of bath; no children.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, IS pages, gent to any address in th»
United States, i ■■;:)' for $1 per year.
ROOMS WANTED.
3 FURNISHED housekeeping rooms for a fam-
ily of 4 adults; north of Broadway, east of
Leavenworth st. Box 1459, i"all.
AN elderly German widow wishes an unfur-
nished housekeeping room; must be central
in private family. Address box 1070, Call.
' a WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
• 16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
12 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, |1 up;
painting done. II;, ri: Paint Co., 319 3d St.
PILES PETER FREILING'S pile salve, $1
per box; warranted to cure all cases of bleed-
Ing, Itching external, internal or protruding
piles without fail, no matter of how long
standing. 162S Devisadero st., near Butter.
BAD tenants elected for $4; collections made;
'city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5520.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
t 16 pages, in wrapper, for mulling, SI per year.
CHEAPEST and fees'! in America— Weekly
Call 1C pages, sent to any address in the
T T nltrd State?;, postpaid, for SI per year.
SPIRITUALISM,
John" SLATER— CircIe to-night, 8:15; sittings
dally, 30 to 4. 1808 Stockton, nr. Greenwich.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance teat medium,
Hte reader, medical clairvoyant, 232 Stockton.^
THE SAN FBA^CISCO CAT,!., MONDAY, AUGUST 14, 189<>.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES. ;
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop., !
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office 401 Post, cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SNAP— House, 8 rooms and bath; let i>ox j
IT.Q, good location; 5 minutes' walk from sta- !
tion. Apply to W. V. HILT!:. 1612 ''haiiin.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME fir ladles In delicate health; lare«
grounds: private. MRS. DR FUNKE.I4IS ■■■'' :
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAIi ESTATE.
JUST been foreclosed; a fine 7-room house; all
latest improvements; large lot; fruit trees,
figs Olives, plums, etc.; 2 blocks from sta-
tion- 1 block from electric; 7 minutes from |
university. Apply JOSEPH J. MASON, Real
Estate, Berkeley Station.
; IMMEDIATE sale must be made; cheap
at $2601 ■ lot 00x122:6; one block from station
nnd electric cars; line cottage, C room and
bath: large front and back porches; well,
windmill and tank; lawn, shrubbery and
fruit trees; examine this property, 11. D.
IRWIN. Lorin Station, Berkeley.
$1750 LA IT and house cannot be duplicated for
$2000: brand-new 2-story latest-style modern
cottage: 5 rooms and bath: large reception
hall; washroom, etc. . choice location on Im-
proved street; near electric cars and close to ,
station, stores, school, etc.; nothing nicer I
anywhere: sold at a sacrifice, as money must
be had; $151 can remain on mortgage. 11. D.
IRWIN, Lorin Station, Berkeley.
HILLEGASS TRACT.
WITHIN R MINUTES FROM UNIVERSITY.
6 MINUTES FROM STATION.
LOTS 160 FEET IN DEPTH
The cheapest, choicest property in Alameda
County.
Apply to JOSEPH J. MASON.
Real Estate, Berkeley Station.
BERKELEY ROOMS AND BOARD.
UNION 2223 Rooms with board; near Univer-
sity grounds and Telegraph-aye, cars. MRS.
jo'nf.s.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL -aTATE.
I LARGE, level lots, $400; only $25 down; street
work done; sewers, water, gas; fine school
el -.- by; near railroad station and Oakland
electric line: half-hourly trains to city; 5c
fare; glorious climate; build a home to suit
yourself: easy payments: no city taxes. SYN-
DICATE INVESTMENT CO.. Fruitvale sta.
HA YWARDS ADVERTISEMENTS
HA/l W \KI>S REAL ESTATE.
HAYWARDS PROPERTY.
7 acres, some fruit; new modern house. 5
rooms, bath: barn, chicken house, well, wind-
mill and tank: improvements worth asking
price; only $1800.
12 acres; 4 acres in fine fruit; house, barn,
brooder house; price J2*oo.
14 acres, all in fine fruit; best of land; corner
of two roads; fine improvements; beautiful
home: price $10,000.
603 acres; stock ranch; 400 acres can be culti- :
vated; fine improvements: well fenced; plenty
water; near town; only $4.2 50 per acre; little
homes of every description, with prices con-
sistent with the time, "all or write tor full j
particulars to P. WILP.EKT. Havwnrds. ''a!
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. i
j $37r.O — ELEGANT new house of S rooms, laun- j
dry and bath; very finest finish; modern in
every respect; nicely located; tine lawn, etc.;
terms can be arranged.
GEO. B. _. GRAY,
4.-.1 Ninth street.
J24OO— A VERY pretty new 6-room Colonial ,
house; sunny exposure: good location; all lat- !
ett improvements; t'i foot lot; cars handy on
either side.
GEO. B. M. GRAY,
■i.M Ninth street.
$4500 — ELEGANT new house of 8 rooms, laun-
dry and bath; plate-glass windows: every-
thing of the very latest; situated between
Telegraph ave. and Grove St.; lot 50x140; a
very choice home.
GEO. B. M. GRAY,
451 Ninth street.
A BIG snap: 2 acres of land situated In North i
Oakland: party is very desirous of Felling:
former price was $2000 per acre, but now
party will take $IROO cash for both acres if
sold quickly. A Idress 1107 Eighth St., Oak- j
land.
IP-ROOM house 1 good location; rental (36: see
it quick. E. E. BUNCE, 908 Broadway, Oak-
land. I
$10.000— OLD established business. Apply to E. I
E. BUNCE. 908 ('.roadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES.
FURNISHED 6 rooms; modern; gas and coal
ranges; nice garden: $25. Address 14G3 Twen- I
ty-thlrd a_ ■■ . East Oakland.
OAKLAND FUR.. IT! RE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaaa, tha
furniture dealer, nth an<l Franklin. Oakland j
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE Dividend No. 70 (25 cents
per bare) of the Hutchinsi Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be payable at the office of
the company, 327 Market st., on and after
Monday, August 21, ISHS.
Transfer books will close on Tuesday, Au-
gust 15, 18)9, at 3 o'clock p. m.
1 E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS. I
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
i mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the nublication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
CLAYBURGH— In this city. August 5. ISO9, to
the wife of S. P. Clayburgh, a daughter.
DEUSEH In this city, August 12, i»'J'J, to the
wife of Charles Denser, a daughter.
STAIII.-— In this city, August 10, 1889, to the
■■■ i fe of Adolf Stahl, a daughter.
DIED.
Buckelew, Martha McKenna, Mary
Burns, Thomas A. Meyer, Frederick
Cook, Mrs. Hartley Newman, Morris .
Dahl, Mabi 1 M Nevlns, I;--- . A. R.
Ellsworth, Charles K. Reed, George 8.
Ham, Susan A. Sack, Liria
Husson, Francois Klmma, Marie A.
Henntngs, Annie Sexton, Mary A.
Watson. Fannie 11.
BUCKELEW- In San Rafael, August 11, 1899, ;
Martha Buckelew; mother* of Mrs. Cornelia
Gardner and Mrs. Martha Ellison, a native of
Philadelphia; Pa., aged S3 yearn.
(r_>"'Funeral services this day (Monday),
at 1:30 o'clock, at the Darlora of x. Gray »t
Co.. 641 Sacramento street. Interment pri-
ate.
BURNS— In this city, August 12, 1899, Thomas
A., beloved son of Catherine and the late
John Burns of Cincinnati, Ohio, loving
brother of John J. and James Burns, Mrs.
J. C. O'Nell, Mrs. William Hunt of Monte-
rey, Mrs. C. F. Hornung and the late Joseph-
ine Burns, and nephew of Thomas J. Moran,
a native of Montreal, Canada, -ged 60 years
3 months and B days.
C_?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), nt S:3O o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 362 i^>xins,-ton avenue, thence to St.
Jnme.s Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencinng at '.< o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery- Please omit (lowers.
COOK In this city, August 13. 1899, Mrs. Hart-
ley, beloved wife of A. H. Cook, a native of
Baden, Germany.
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at l o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 441Vi Bryant street, thence to St. Boni-
face Church, Golden Gate avenue, for serv-
ices. Interment private, Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
DAHL In this city, August 13, 1898, Mabel M.,
dearly beloved daughter of Henry and Eme-
Ha Dahl, a native of California, aged 3
years 5 months and 25 days.
jTTFriendK and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, IU4 Hampshire street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery-
ELLSWORTH this city, August 12, ISM
Charles !•: , beloved husband of the late Jo-
hanna Ellsworth, and father of Lillian and '
HhNRV J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3,
20 Fifth St., ypposit* Lincoln .jcti-oL
Telephone South' 80.
n aic/wov &. co.,
3 FUNERAL DIRECTORS _ EMUALMERS.
H 1235 Market Bt., between Sth and Sth.
FUNKKAJ. DIRECTORS ft KMI;aL,aIERS. I
123i Murket Et.. between Sth and Sith.
a Telephone, South 247. | j
• Adelaide Ellsworth, a native of Plymouth.
Conn., aeed 59 years.
(CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend th« funeral this day
(Monday), at - o'clock, from his late resi- j
dence, |30J Jackson street. Interment Na- \
tional Cemetery.
HAM-In Alameda. August 12, 1899, Susan A.,
widow of the late Charles W. Ham, and
mother of Mrs. Abbie J. Forbes and Charles
H. Ham of San Francisco, aged 7S years.
try Friends are respectfully ■ Invited to at-
tend the ' funeral this day (Monday), at 1:30
o'clock from her late residence, 1333 Pearl
street, ' Mameda. Take the narrow-gauge
train to Versailles station. Interment private.
HI'SSON— In this city, August 13, 1599, Francois
jtn--..ii a native of France, aged 73 years.
IC?" Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the pnrlors of J. S. ';■!•.. 305 Montgom-
ery avenue.
HENNINGS In Oakland. August 13, ISM, An-
n'ip * beloved infant daughter of Michael and
Minnie HenninKS. a native of Oakland.
MeKENNA— In this city, August 11. 1890, Mary
v Kenna, a native of County Monaghan, Ire-
land, aged r,6 years.
C 'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited '" attend the funeral this day
(Monday) at ■ 30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Caiv.w & English, 41 Van Ness avenue, thence
to St. Man Cathedral, Van Ness avenue,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of nor soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
METER Oakland. Frederick Meyer, a na-
tive of California; aged 13 years.
(ETRemalns at the funeral parlors of Bes-
sie J. Wood Interment private, Mountain
Vii Cemetery.
NEWMAN— In this city, August 13, 1899, Mor-
ris beloved husband of Pauline Newman (nee
Dresner) and brother of Max Newman,
Adoltrtl Newman of Watsonville and Mrs. J.
Rice a native <>f Hungary, aged 31 years.
C^Notice of funeral hereafter.
NEVINS— In New York City. August 13. ISO9,
Rev. A. Russell Nevins of the I'u.ulist Order,
aged 46 years. : ' ,_ ,
ClTHigh mars of requiem ..... or
his soul will be sung in St. Mary's Church,
California street; on Wednesday, August lb.
at ■, o'clock. All are invited.
REEI> -In this city, August 13. 1899, George S.,
beloved son of William A and the late Mar-
guerette' Reed, and brother of Mrs. Otto
Frnst Mrs . Chris Rose of San Pablo, Mrs.
Mary-^Keegan; Mrs. Josephine Hill, the late
Mrs. Laura Coleman and Charles Reed, a na-
tive of San Francis aged 32 years 3 months
and 4 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day August 16, at 10 o'clock, from the par-
lors' of James Hasan, 445 Valencia street. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery .
BACK-ln this city. August 12. 1899, Una be-
loved wife of George Sack, a native of Aix-
la-Chapeile. Germany, a.^ed 2ti ye ir- 10 months
and 3 days. A member or German-American
Circle. J." C. O. F. .
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday) at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Theo IMerks, 957 Mission street, thence
to St. Boniface's Church, Golden Gate ave-
nue where services will be held at I o'clock.
SIMMA-ln this city, August 12, IS!>9 Marie
Antoinette youngest and dearly beloved
daughter of Joseph and Maria S. Simma, a
native of. San Francisco, aged 5 months and
22 i ■
SEXTON in this city. August 14. 1899, Mary
Agnes dearly beloved daughter of Philip and i
the late Catherine Sexton, and niece of Mary i
Kahili, a native of California, aged l year 1 |
month and 13 days.
WATSON— In this city, August 12, 1899. Fan-
nie B beloved daughter of Jennie O. and the
late \V. R. Watson, a native of York, Pa.,
aged 25 years and 10 months.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Mary S. and George W. Haight to Robert
and Mary Kelly, lot on S line of Green street.
149 X of Van Ness avenue, & 115:2%, Nfii il, >
Antonio and Laura A. Gonzalez to Jacob H.
Nell, lot on x line of O'Farrell street, 166 E
of dough E 27 6 I - N Daisy if. Winter, lot on
n j. Smith i Dai j H. Winter, lot on
W line of Buchanan street, 85 S. of Geary, B 29
by \V 137:6, quitclaim deed; $10.
Rachel Smith (wife of William) to William
Smith lot on N line o( Fell street, 160 W of
Scott, U -■ by N 137:6; gift.
Arthur 1 . and Adelaide '.I. Bridge to Joseph
E Art nea lot on v. line of Devisauero
street, ." - of Union. S 25 by ■"> 100; $10.
Sadie '. Aubrey to Josephine Aubrey, lot on
N line of Pine street, 110 W vi Devlsadero, \\
27:6 by -N 137. ti; gift.
Robert Faeesler to Gerhard F. Terschuren, lot
on X line of Clay street, 47:6 E of Spruce, X
30 X 100, I. 30, N 27:8%; W CO, S 127:8%; *10.
Joseph L. and Minna Hess to Merton S.
Price lot on XV.' corner of Buchanan and
Suiter streets. \V 30 by N 137:6; $10. :
Julian ]•:. Carey to Clara Carey, lot: on A\
line of Steiner street, 127:SV* -N at Pacific, -N
27 : Cby W 137 : C; gift. :
Annie Davis to Hibernia Savings and Loan
Society lot on N line of Twenty-seventh street, |
270 VV of Church, \V 25 by X 114; $150.
Hugh and Teresa Keenan to Mary A. C.
Godeus lot on W line of Scott street, 37:6 S of :
Page. 8 25 by W 100; $10.
Matilda A. Gallea to Sylvanus C, Eugene M.
and Emma C. Farnham, undivided on&rseventh
,■ two-thirds 01 same (third description); $10.
Ctilhurina Parente to Saverio Parente, lot on
\v line of Powell street. 50 S of Francisco, S
25 by W *. :6 quitclaim deed; $10.
John, Charles or Charles, John.H., Charles
L. and William F. Herbst and Mary M. Walter
mire (wife of A. F.) to Kerbst Estate Company |
la corporation), lot on W line of Mason street,
42:6 N of Turk. N '-'" by W 75; also lot on W
line of Van Ness avenue, 30 X of Union street,
S 30, W 70, XW 3!, I-: to beginning; also lot on
SW line of Sickels street, 237 N l > of Wyoming,
NW 30 by SW 80, block 7, West End Map 2;
also lot on SW line of Sickels street, 237 NW of
Wyoming. SW 160 by NW 195, thence 165 SB 145,
lots 1 and 2, block 7, same; also property out
tide of county; $ — .
John Kingston to Paul F. John H. and
James E. Kingston, lot on NE corner of Bry
ant and Fifth streets, XE 100 by XW 137:6;
gift.
Hume to same and Samuel J. Kingston, lot
on SK corni-r of Colusa and Louisiana streets,
E 100 by S 60; gift.
Same to same, lot on X line of Maryland
Etret-t, 50 X of Yuba, N 75 by E 100; gift.
Same to same, lot on W line of Maryland
street, 50 X of Marln, X 7.". by W 100; gift.
W. V. and Marie L. Huntington to Joseph
T. and Charlotte F. W. Coone" lot on E line
of Sevententh avenue, 100 S of B street, S 75
by i: 120; $10.
Market and Ptanyan Streets and Golden Gate
Park Land and Improvement Company to Jesse
W. Hamilton, lot on X line of Kivoll street,
125 E of Stanyan, E 26 by N 100, lot 14, block
2 subdivision 2, Clarendon Heights; $10.
Mabel A. McGinn to Grace A. McGinnn, lot
on X line of Sagamore street, 325 E of Capitol,
E 26 by X 125, block D, Railroad Homestead;
$10.
Grace A., Ellen F. and Eugene McGinn to
Bridget M. Dermott, lot on X line of Saga
more street. 325 E of Capitol, E 75 by N 125,
block D, same; $10.
Emma L. Parker to T. C. Coogan, rerecord
43, coy. 142, undivided one-sixth interest of es
tate of George H. Parker; $— .
Same to N. Bowden, rerecord 42. coy. 311,
6ame; $ — .
John Kingston to Paul F. John H. and
James E. Kingston, lot on SW corner of Sec
ond avenue and Q street, NW 532 8, SW 55:9,
XW 2S-.6& sw 1.7 -.-. SE 600. NE 200, entire
block 50. Tide Lando; grift.
Same to John H. and James E. Kingston, lot
on X line 'if Seventh avenue, 123 W of N
street X 100, W to Railroad avenue, s to Sev
enth, E to beginning, lots 25 to 28, block 126,
O'Neill and Haley Tract; gift.
Alameda County.
Harriet A. Lewis to Josiah Lewis, lot on SW
corner of Fallen nnd Sevi tl streets, W 100 by
S 25, being lot 13. block 133, Map of Dillon Prop
erty, Oakland; sift.
Alexander S. and Thomas J. Drals vs. A.
Rhodes as trustee of the estate of Lucinda .'.
Drais, Madison J., Karl 1... Gladys V. Drais
(by James A. Loutltt, guardian, by George E.
Crane, referee) to Alexander S. Drals, all in
terest in lot on NE corner of West and Nine
teenth street?. N 100 by E 4", being portion of
lots l and 2, block Q, Harnes Tract, 'action No.
15, i ■-. Oakland; $23f.t'.
Margaret D. and William Weighel to Harriet
I lake, lot on E line Ell street, 75:3 s of Rus
sell s 50 by E 120, being the N 50 feet of lot 98
block TO, Lands of Regent-street Homestead,
Berkeley; $n>.
John R. Glascock to Annie J. Ward, lots 16
and 17. block ,v North Alameda .Tract, Brook
lyn Township; 10.
Paul M Wenther to Louisa C. Wenther, lots
ii and 15 block I. Amended Map of Mobs
Tract, Brooklyn Township: also lots i and .s,
block 20, Warner Tract, Brooklyn Township;
also lot TO. block I. Amended Man of Moss
Tract Brooklyn Township; gift.
Claude H. Cole to Emily Scott, lot on AY line
of Grove street. 75 S of Brown or Thirty- fourth,
S 4" by W 116.56, subject to a mortgage to Cen
tral Bank. Oakland; $10.
Charles Helmke and Joseph R. Kaolin to Ja
cob W. Sperb, lot on S line of Brown or Thirty
fourth street, 319:6>4 E of Grove, X 50 by S
100 55, being lot 34, Collins Tract. Oakland; also
lot on S line of Brown or Thirty-fourth street,
519 -6H E of Grove, E 50 by S 100.65, being lot
37 Collins Tract. Oakland: $10
Rebecca Wurts to Mary 11. Maxey, lot 8 and
W Vi of lot 9, block 2107, Alden Tract at Temes
ca), Oakland: $10.
F A and Mac G. Losn to Alice B. Pawson
(wife of Arthur), lot on XW corner of Filbert
and Eighth streets, W 125, N 120, E 25, S 30,
i; 100. S 90, to beginning, block 544. Oakland:
also, lot on NE line of Hamilton place, 383.95
NW of Oakland avenue, NW 30 by NE 80, being
lot 14, Hamilton Tract, Oakland; also lot 7,
block A. Man of Adeline Addition of Oakland,
Oakland; also lot W corner of Hopkins street
and Lewis avenue if produced SW, thence NW
55 by SW 130, being lot 12 and portions of lots
11 and 13, block 1. East Oakland Heights. East
Oakland: also lot 27, block 2099 and lots 24 and
25 block 2118, Alden Tract at Temescal, Oak
land; also lota 17 and IS. block B, King Tract,
Brooklyn Township: $10.
Dante] W. and Elizabeth B. Hitchcock to
William 11. Mackinnon, lot 4 on Map of li C.
Dohr's Homestead, , Oakland Township; $4000. I
Rebecca Wurts to George K. Holloway, the
S SO feet of lot 28, block 12, Amende* Man of
the Central Park, Alcatraz and Newbury sta- S
tions, Berkeley; $10.
Mary J. and James G .steele to George W.
Ilinkel, re-record 623 d. 317, lot 16, block C,
Bellevue Tract, Alameda: $10.
George W. llink-l to George W. Macjae, lot
16 block C. Bellevue Tract, Alameda; $10.
Charles and Carrie Gtoos to J. B. Wallace,
lot on B line of st. Charles street, 190 s of San
Antonio avenue, s 60 by B 100. Alimeda: $10,
Chester E. and Caudace A. Powell to Antone
j Bilvelra. lot on SW corner of Clarke and
Harlati streets. AY 200 by B 300, being lots it to
49, 76 to 79, Hemme Tract, San Leandro, Eden
Townships $2200. ■ • " " J.
WILL LEAD ORCHESTRA
AT THE ARION CONCERT
t PROFESSOR HERMANN GENSS.
is~\ NE of the most distinguished participants in the Arion concert to be f
II Riven for the benefit of the California reception fund at the Alhambra w
to-morrow evening is Professor Hermann Genss, who will direct the •
| orchestra. <s>
' Professor Gensa arrived here recently from Germany, where he
* occupied responsible positions and was honored with medals and various hon
"' orary mi mbersnips In prominent academies of mqylc. Ho was recently
♦ elected director of the Harmonle Sinpins Society of this city, which under ♦
«> his direction has been making astonishing progress.
Before leaving Germany Professor Genss was director of the Potsdam 4
Philharmonic Orchestra, which, before his departure, extended him an in- 1
dorsement of Ins capability in the highest terms of praise. T
CHILDREN CONFIRMED
AT ST. BONIFACE CHURCH
BISHOP MONTGOMERY CON
DUCTED THE SERVICES.
Over One Hundred Children and
Twenty Adults Embrace the
Roman Catholic Faith.
Over one hundred children and about
twenty adults were confirmed In the
Roman Catholic faith at the Church of
St. Boniface yesterday afternoon- In the
absence of Archbishop Riordan, Bishop
Montgomery conducted the services. He
was assisted by Father FhiUbert, O. F.
M as deacon, and by a theologian, Mr.
Kaiser of . Los Angeles, as sub-deacon.
Father Maximilian, pastor of St. Boni
face with Father Raphael and Father
Augustine aided in the confirmation ser
vicf a. The following is a list of those con
firmed:
Joseph Weiss, Johann Banachowski,
Henry Joesten. Charles Hofner. Anton Reb
haltz Bernard Windhaus, T.eodore filler
Jacob Berbench, Nicholaus Straub. August
lmmmes Edward Kramer, Neil Kdwara
YfSaSSt Hobert Karp. Benedict Schaub
George Sullivan, Charles Otterstedt, Joseph
Heppinger. Philip Assmann. Johann Longar,
V '-. .'.h Lair, Otto Giovanint, Johann
Denges AlbiA Brun, William Reltermann.
WilhelSi Boumann, Johann Schmittbauer.
Joseph Korn. Emj Meuler Oscar Ing.
Gottlota Brucker, John WUllßes, William
Fowler. Fred Kaiser. Daniel Heger. Rudolf
Gunndig, August Vetter. Johann -Gabwiler.
Robert ReKli Leo Hillenbrand, Albert
Buckner, Henrlch Schreiber Fred Gotte,
Hermann Partmann, Fred O'Herstedt,
Johann Duckgerschel, Heinrich Helbrusn.
Hermann Feldhaus. Joseph Treyermuth.
Maria Alsendorf. Louise Keller Anna
Koenig. Isabella Banachowski, Anna Robin
son. Christine Clasen. Maria Kotzian Maria
AVeller Teresa Berberlck, Helena Covens,
Catherine Duckgerschel Ellse Frischtle.
Anna Wrede, Ida Wedel, Alvina Keller,
Margaret Get?. Catherine Helnwart. Eve
lyn Kane, Cecelia Bittsenbach, Louise
Bruckner, Catherine Becker. Barbara Fro
*ak Olga Regll, Barbara Kramer, Anna
Kotzeau. Agnes Kausche, Gertrude Slats.
Maria Hellenbrand. Maria Leonhardt, Anna
Boyle Elizabeth Muller. Clara Hub?r. Kate
Schmidt, Regina Bchlegel, Julia Ruegg,
Franclsca Husch, Cecelia Lommer.
Maria Joesten, Magdalena A\ empe, Maria
Feldhaus, Agnes WiUbrand, Michaela
Bchoen Anna Pleffer, Emma Webber, Bel
ma Bchnabel, Margaret Drewes, Emma
Fador, Anna Stofan. Rosa Ames, Mar
garet Sehunlt, Anna Schunk, Blanche Rode,
Helena Zlnk, Elise Gabwiler. Theresa Gum
per Adelina Bprenger, Lena Baerne, Maria
Vonah Josephine Schulte, Leona Marke,
Josephine Masa, Maria Boyle, Frederic*
WHearth Dora Steepler. Louise 11. •>!.■,
Caroline Krause, Mathilda Knapp, Anna
tonkins Maria Wengon. Augusta Bockel
niann. Mathilda Mischler. Ma, Nicolai.
Betty Rlchert, Mary Brucker. Louise Feh,
Mary Keller, Josephine BaVart. Cecelia
Yillgarth.
. » ■» ■
THE T OWER OF BABEL"
DR NELANDER'S THEME
Rev. Dr. Nelander delivered an Inter
sermon to his congregation at the
English Lutheran Church last cveu
lng H ;,:-. s was entitled tlie "Tower
of Bab I. ' He said In part:
At the beginninf of our history we for
mulated the Monroe doctrine, it was our
 ; Babel! We declined to lend a
hand In the overthrow of the unspeakable
Turk aii'i the deliverance of a persecuted
.. The Lord then pointed I a peop.e
•it our very doors— the desolated and starv
insr Cubans. It was Of no avail. Throe
weary years went by: then down went the
Maine! And the spray of that dismal wreck
to admonish us. That was (Sod's way
of broadening our theory of national life.
\t thN moment we are dreaming dreams of
American greatness. Why should we Join
,■ . (hat has inarched through
the centuries with trumpets and flying ban
ners to dust and oblivionl Ood has better
things In store for us. Let It be our glory
to «iv" shelter to the persecuted ami ex
t.-nJ the merciful rei^-n of Christ.
GREAT MOTORS
AND NOBLE FATHERS
Dr. Charles Edward I»eke at the
Central Methodist Church last evening
d< live-red the second of his sermons un
the "Home Circle." His subject was
"Great Mothers and Noble Fathers." He
Sa -'-The home is a Scriptural institution.
(■hrist ; anity is intended for the home, for
liaus told one of his converts 'Go home
to thy friends and tell them what tne
lord hath d<m.- fur thee. 1 Piety m the
home aid.s in the forming of true char
at "There is a mother-force in the world;
there are mother-made men. Luther
•iid Wesley, Augustine, Cromwell, Scott,
\Kassiz, Washington, Lincoln and Me-
Klnley are all iUustrations of /the doctrine
H,V hand that rocks the cradle rules the
world.' " t
REV. W. E. DUCAN
SPEAKS ON DREYFUS
\t Stewart Memorial Unitarian Presby
terian Church, Rev. W. E. Dugan spoke
last night on Dreyfus and his trial. The
pastor treated the interesting subject in
an able manner. He said In ''rief:
"Much interest is centered about the
trial < f Dreyfus. For a long time be lias
been banished to Devils island, where he
has been subjected to the must inhuman
treatment Now he la brought back «nd
is having a new trial and will probably
be acquitted. It teaches that God has not
forgotten the Jew. While the Jews are no
longer a nation, God still loves them."
MR. DIBBLE TALKS IT
OVER WITH BURNS
EXTRA SESSION PLANS FUR
THER DISCUSSED.
Committee of One Hundred Delegates
Go Unpledged to the Demo
cratic Convention.
_ .
Assemblyman Henry C. Dibble called
upon Colonel Burns at the Palace last
night, and some further discussion con- j
cerning an extra session of the Legislature j
ensued between them. Phil Crimmins •
made the third party to the powwow,
but for all that nothing more than was
published yesterday was accomplished.
Although Crimmins and Kelly showed
up poorly tn the late primary elect ions
they still control the Senatorial votes of
Assemblyman • - Mike" Barry and Fred
I^undqiiist. and, it is said, can deliver the !
ballots of Assemblyman Crowley an.l Sen
ator Feeney, Democrats, if it cornea to a I
Bhow-down. For this and fur other rea
sons Mr. Crimmins has occupied a prom- '
Inent part in the conferences of the past
few days.
Rather a peculiar aspect of affairs has!
developed among the delegates elected by
the Committee of One Hundred at the pri
maries. Although it has been known that
they were elected by the Phelan push for
Phelan purposes, they have held caucuses
in every district during the past few days
and have decided to go into the conven
tlon pledged to no candidate. In the meet- j
ings that have occurred there have been :
several anti-Phelan harangues of much
force, and the spirit of discord has devel
oped to such an extent that no candidate I
is to be named until thts eve of the con- j
ventlon.
The selection of a county committee at |
tho coming Democratic convention prom- ;
Ises to be a lively affair. In every district
where the Committee of One Hundred is
in power there are candidates paint-" fur
the places, and it will be no easy task to
settle the rivalry in some districts.
Ralney will probably win some in the
Thirty-eighth District, and George Max
well is willing to do the right itiing for ■
the Bush street boss in the Forty-fourth i
District. Outside of these districts Rain, y'■
at present he is not so strong, but he is
working hard to win a few more on the '
list.
Delegates elected to the various conven
tions can receive their certificates of eloc
tion by calling at the registration office I
on Monday after 11 o'clock a. m.
■ ♦ » — '
HOTEL ARRIVALS
GAAXD HOTEL,.
r H Hughes, Ariz C A Rockwell. N V
Mrs L E Boone, Peorla A J Burras, Chicago
Miss Bonne. Peorla Vera Hlckman, H C
C Hogan, Stockton A W Gates, i; g army
c it Constable, Cal W J Overtoil, USA
G J Ellwanger, Cal II W Walker, Cal
C F Maleberry, Ohio A Kikman, Oroville
T N Heffron, Sacto |J S Parker, V a army
F C Case &w. Ogl^n Jl' Harkinsun, US A
\V E Nichols, Los Ang J B Green, X V
G E Dalton. Benicia M L Fox. Sioux Falls
J J Conor, Sallatia E E Hawkins, First
Mrs S i! Soule, Seattle B D Volunteers :•-
C Morrison, Sacto I Mier, N V
I) AY Ravenscroft, Cal Mrs Fitzgerald /i d,
H C Ross, Redwood Ogden
.[ w C HarUon, Cal G .1 Wolff, Wash
I Monheimer&w, Wash C 1 Tuttle, Utah
I, \V Knight, Or 1* 1* X n.|\ ]-> 8 A
H S Holmes, Portland D C Mitchell, Idaho
D McDuffle. Cn\ Mrs T Franklin, l'H A
It Hanna, Berkeley J Welcyer, Los Ant?
L L Swartz, N V Li Krumb, Aiameda
Mrs D Lewis, Oak'*md <', Swanht m, Sacto
Miss L Holmes, Cal Mrs X Tullv ,t a, Mo
F Trestlow, cal L)r E J Beall, w & d,
C Lyons. Oakland Fort Worth
W Tipton, Utah B .T Beall, El Paso
T D Hart, Cal 1' C Sohn, FoUom
A i: Willams. Cal N L Conn, Cal
C w Hajer, Haywarda ■' Dennis, w & d, cni
J J Thanen, Portland Mrs W Trenan, 2 en,
Miss E A Oliver, Or Salinas City
Violet Vaughan, Or Q A Perrlman. S Jose
W H Jack & w. Ca! H Warren, Nev
li J Curry, Martinez J M Peart, Cal
A J Smith, Cal L Watson, Grimes
Mrs Baldwin, Cal W X Husband, Kelcey
D S Jones, Marion E M Carr, Martinez
L c Robe-Is. Seattle "l A GabrieLS Jcse
Captain Cunnir.gnain.lt C Short, Topeka
Shanghai R H Sterling, Napa
I V Wllllams&w, Cal T A Buck, Seattle
Mrs Williams. Fresno Mrs B T Carr. Seatle
C A Clark, Fresno Mrs T A Keables, Vet-
Mrs L Clark. Fresno , erans' Home
N Manasu&w, Cal C A.Foster, Mass
J II Wrlght&w, Mo 1! F Daggett, Aurora
J A Kuntz, Ariz W C Klahr, Fresno
Mra A .1 .Stele. Mo H Newman, S Lake
Mrs Sanborn. 3t Louis J M Smith & v,-, 111
Mrs B T Hedley, Mo 1' Musto, Stockton
! B X Green, Cal 1
PALACE HOTEL.
S W Bowne & w, N riß Newman, Boston
O Morgan, Los Ang IS W Meyerfeld. N V
E D Watts, Montana .1 M Haley, Chicago
M Lehman, Dresden F L Moyer, N V
.1 w Piper, Boston W H Benedict, N T
L C Trent & w, Utah C B Lyon, Minn
Mrs Q S Holmes. Utah W X Oanlgus & w, NY
C E Rommel. Phila . O L Sutherland. X V
G A Lung, V S N C N Smith. Boston
Mrs G H Ingoldsby, II! H S Pitchett, \: 8 N
J B Brayton. Jr. Oakld C F Dietrlchs & w. NY
L R Pechner. Minn I Miss E H Young, X V
Miss V Pechner. Minn I A E Dietrichs, N V
Miss C Pechner. Minn G W Burnham. 11l
D c O'Rielly. Portland' E B Power & w. N«v
J H Hart & w. London H J Trimble & w. N V
II Price. Hongkong | Mrs C, Bo yd, Kansas
G C Vallmer. San Jose Mrs a 1. Smith. Kans
W B Snyder. Newark i Miss W E Dyklns. la
G C Chamblls, Ohio II B Woods, San Jose
O H Harrison. Mexico M Estanaux, Los Ans
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Miss L Cole, Los Ang W Draw, Cal
\v Chlsholm & w, Cal C W Carmore, L Ang
C W Seyde, Sacto J de Martini Cal
A L Cavett, Pinole F Treplin, England
I' A Thorup. NY II C Ohl. Chicago
J Jones, NY ' J S Cannon, Cal
H Baker, Boston C G Crapon, R I
E Jeffrey, Chicago L M Danielson, R I
.1 Mulroy, Los An« J B Freeman,' Ind
F L Blair, Vail, jo A M Freeman, Ind
C A l)ug-an. Sacto
»♦■ • _
A black lioness has lately been added to
the collection of animals in tne Jardin dcs
Planter In Parin. Lions of this color are
found only in th.j Interior of the Sahara,
and arc scarce even there.
IV eat -her Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 13, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures w>re
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka « San Diego 68
Fresno 8S Sacramento SO
Los Angeles 7S Independence SB
Red Bluff Viii;i;i •!«♦
Ban Luis ObUpo — 76 1
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
f4: minimum, 54; mean, 59.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
FORECAST.
In the upper portion of the Sacramento Val
i,. Oregon. Washington and Idaho the weather
i is generally cloudy and threatening. Light rain
has fallen from Cape Mendocino northward
along the coast and over Washington and Ore
" An area of low pressure is central north of
Montana and a trough-like depression extends
southward over the plateau region to Mexico.
The pressure has risen slightly along the coast
and fallen over the interior.
The temperature has fallen decidedly over
Washington. Oregon and Idaho, elsewhere it
has remained nearly stationary.
Conditions are favorable for showers in the
extreme northern portion of California to-night
and In Nevada and Utah Monday.
High win. are reported from Northern Ne
vada, and a thunder storm from Kalis;.--!.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight August 14:
Northern California— Showers in the extreme
northern portion -night; partly cloudy in
north portion; fair in south portion Monday;
fresh northwest wind.
Southern California— Fair Monday; fresh west
wind. '•". '
Nevada- Cloudy, with showers Monday; cool
er in northeast portion.
Ttuh— Cloudy, with showers Monday; cooler.
Arizona— Partly cloudy Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy
Monday: fresh to brisk west wind.
G. H. WILL3ON. Local Forecast ■'■ •■■''■__
c ■ — •
ty —
Sun; Moon and Tide.
<$ — »
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of I ! iirli and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-live minutes later than at Fort Point:
:) •■ height of tide Is the same at both places.
M ONDAY, AUGUST 14.
?un rises - ■-
Sun seta V i■)
Moone sets 11:07 p. m.
3 Time Time| I Time! Time
■ Ft. I ' Kr Ft.
" H \V I. U II W 1. W
14 .. 5:4 a 3.6 I " .7 4.4 5.8 ,
IL. W H W L W H W
15 " Ofl 04 720 3.6 ur: S.fl i
1C .'.. 1:10 0.0 8:36 4.0 12:L'ii 3.0 6
17 . 2:06—0.3
iv .. 2:59
■ 49 8.:
20 ... - ; L-9 W:4J| 6.:
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
I the early mornlnjj tides are given in the ieft
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column Elves the second tide of
I the day, the third time column the third tide
I and the last or right hand column gives the
I lust tide of the day, except when there are but
i three tide?, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— 1 precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
i *
♦ — <>
Steamer Movements.
i <$>
Steamer. I From. | Due.
Albion ......... .ICape Nome Auk. 14
Sunol Grays Harbor Auk. 14
Weeott iHumhoMt [Aug. 14
Aloha Point Arena Vug. 14
Crescent City... ''r-s. ent City Aug. 14
Czarina IPuget Sound Auk. 14
Samoa IHumboMt Aug. 14
Bonlta Newport Auk. 14
Robt. Adamson. Nanalmo Aug. 14
Brunswick Oregon Ports Aug. 15
Queen Seattle Aug. l .
Progreso ITacoma I Aug. 15
Arcata Coos Bay .Aug. 13
China IChina and Japan Auk. 1-
Australia Honolulu Aug. 15
City of Puebla.. (Victoria .t Puget Sound Aug. 13
Pomona (Humboldt Aug. 15
Coquille River. .l Grays Harbor Aug. IS
Santa Rosa San Diego Aug. 18
Willamette ....(Seattle Aug. lfi
A. Blanchard..(Coos Bay Aug. 17
Point Arena ...Point Arena Aug. IS
Columbia (Portland Aug. IS
North Fork jHumboldt Aug. 1?
Poor Bay 'Newport Aug. IS
Wellington ....Departure Bay Aug. It
I^uella iTlllamook Bay Aug. 1'
Peru iPanama Aug. 19
Corona San Diego Aug. 20
Walla Walla. [Victoria & Puget Sound I Aug. 20
From.
Due.
TO SAIL.
Steamer. [ Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Weeott Humboldt lAu«r. 14. 2 pmlPier 13
Umatilla ..|Vlc & Pst Sd.|AuK. 14, 10 amlPier 9
Pt Arena. .iPoint Arena. -lAutf. 14. 2 pm.Pler 2
Corona Ran Diego lAuk.l4. 11 amlPier 11
Aloha [Point Arena.. I Aug. 1.", 3 pm'Pier 2
Brunswick Oregon Ports. (Aug. 16, 2 pmlPler 2">
State Calif. (Portland lAup. 16. in amlPier 24
Bonlta Newport I Aug. 18, 9am Pier 11
Arcata ICoos Sty lAntc. 16, ]o a m!Pier 13
Xewbunr ...IGrays Harbor 1 Aug. 16, spm'
Hgkc China* Japan Ang. 17, 1 PMSS
Samoa |Humbnldt.....|Aujr. 17. 10 amlPier 2
Coquille Rv Oraya Hnrbor 17. 12 mlPi<T 2^
Pomona ....IHumboldt lAusr. 17. 2 Pier 3
A BlanchrdjCoos Bay |AOK-18. 10 amlPler 13
San Jose.... I Panama Aug. 18, 12 m PMSS
Santa RosalPan Diego [Aug. IS. 11 amlPier 11
City Puebla'Vic & Put Sd.lAuer. T*. 10 r.m'Pier 1
Coos 'Newport |Aup.2o. 9 ampler 11
Columbia ..IPortland An; 21. 10 amlPier "I
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
« _ . : — : i'
Shipping Intelligence.
, — — ♦
ARRIVED.
Sunday. August IS.
Stmr Miner.la. David, 86 hours from Nanaimo.
Stmr Centennial. Eagles, 32 days from Manila,
via Nagasaki 21 days.
Stmr Newburg. Hansen, 67 hours from Grays
Stmr 'Tlllamook, Anfindsen, 26 hours from
Fields Landing.
Stmr Empire, Nelson, BO hours fm Coos Bay.
Ger war rtrar Geier, Jacobsen, 10 days from
Acapulcn. " ■'■■.
Schr Mary C, Matsen, S hours from Fort
ROSS< ' SAILED.
Sunday, August 13.
Stmr Navarro, Higgtna. "."■"/,
Stmr North Fork, Bash. Eureka.
Stmr Noyo, Winkel. Fort Brasg.
Br ship Loudon Hin, Cruikshanks, Queens
°Schr Five Brothers. Jensen, Stewarts Point.
Schr Golden Gate, Nlcolson, Mendocino.
Schr Neptune, Estvojd. : .
TELEGRAPHIC
POINT LOBOS— Aug 13. 10 p Weather
foggy; wind S\V; velocity 14 miles.
SPOKEN.
Per stmr Newhurg— Aue 12, S a m. 40 miles
north of Cape Mendocino, shin Aryan. in tow
of tug Relief, hence Aug 10 for Seattle.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Scow schr P and R No 6, while anchored off
section B of the seawall, August 13. carried
away chain and drifted onto stmr Golden Gate.
The former's main boom crashed Into the
Golden Gate, denting one of the plates on star
board quarter In captain's cabin.
MEMORANDUM.
The Ger war stmr Geier is a fourth-class
cruiser, 1700 tons, 3808-horsepower, speed IT'j
knots and carries 8 officers and 170 men.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Arrived Aug Ship Hecla, hence
July •>:,.
ASTORlA— Arrived Aug 13— Ship Standard, In
tow of tug Rescue, hence Aug 8.
PORT TOWNSEND— SaiIed Aubt 12— Schrs W
F Witzeman and Eric, for Honolulu.
REDONDO— Arrived Aug 12— Schr Jennie
Stella, from Grays Harbor.
PORT GAMBLE— Aug 13— Haw ship
Star of Russia, from Seattle.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Aug 13— Stmr Cottage City,
°PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Aug 13— Schr Fred
PORT Lrr>l>->W— Arrived Aug 13— Sehr Fred
E Bander, from Port Townsend; bktn Robert
Sudden, from Port Townsend.
VENTURA— Arrived Aug Stmr Geo Loo
mis, hence Auk 12, and sailed for San Fran
cisco.
TACOMA— Arrived Aug 13— Br stmr Athenian,
from Seattle: stmr Walla Walla, hence Aug 9;
bark Kate Davenport, from Port Blakeley.
POINT ARENA— Arrived Aug 13— Stmr Alca
zar, from Port Los Angeles. .
ASTORlA— Arrived Auk 13— Stmr Columbia.
hence Aug 11. '
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Aug 13— Bktn Adden
da, from Honolulu.
CASPAR— SaiIed Aug 13— Schr Abbie, for San
Pedro" schr Maxim, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Aug 13— Stmr Arcata, for
San Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Aug 13— Stmr Rotter
dam, from Rotterdam and Boulogne; stmr La
Bretagne, from Havre.
HAVRE— Arrived Aug Stmr La Touraine,
from New York.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Aug 13— Stmr Luca
nia, from Liverpool for New Yortt. ;
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Aug Stmr Bar-
( baxossa, from Bremen for New York, ■
910
BENEFIT PROGRAMME MAY BE GIVEN AT TWO THEATERS
AN OVERFLOW MEETING
IS BEING ARRANGED
Another Opportunity to Aid the
Volunteer Fund,
Plan to Duplicate the Orpheum Entertain
ment at the Grand Opera-House for
Those Who Could Not Afford
the High-Priced Seats,
c? T li becoming evident that the Or
i}■. phoum will not be able to hold all who
j are anxious to be at the great volun
ii teers' benefit to be given next Thurs
day afternoon. Already wails are be
. •;rc heard from the. many who had not the
purses to bid at the auction and who now
cannot get any but seats near the door—
and even such seats are not numerous.
■There are hundreds who would gladly pay
premiums for Beats, but who could not
hope to compete with the prices paid at
■ -the' auction last Thursday. As a conse
• quence they havebeen left out in the cold,
and they are lust as anxious to attest
their patriotism and enthusiasm as their
more fortunate neighbors. They are en
titled to some consideration in the mat
ter;' and sn for the benefit of those who
would give what they in. even though
the ■;m might not be large, an overflow
entertainment was suggested;
The suggestion came in the following
tter:
SAN-FBAXCISCO, Auk. 13 1599.
Kdit-r. Ca-ll: I was unable to procure seats
at the Orpheum yesterday tor the benefit next
Thursday in aid of the fund to entertain the
California boys.
"1 here are probably a great many people as
disappointed- aii myself.
As this fs an easy and quick way to raise
moirey. -cannot you "and your influence secure
theC'Orand Opera-house for next Thursday and
Kive tiii" same i>^rforrnance as at the Or
l>h?um? ■
I\->uMless itianv of those who volunteered to
play at the Orpheum would play at the Gfand
ftpera.-hpuso; and a very creditable pei'form
ance c.iuld be riven' at the same time as that
given at tbeOr.iheum:
Hack hire to :ak,» the actor uiid actrcssoa
fr.-r:; the Orrheum to the Grand Hpera-houoe i
\.i uld be a i-.r.a'.i Stem pared with the re
eUt, and many who wen? disappointed In fall
ing to obtain tickets at the Orpheum would lv
' gratified. Your? truly. .SI" P.SCRIBER.
To have an overflow entertainment there
must be another theater, and the theater
is already at hand. Wai:. Morosci came
t<. the rescue last night when town a let
ter to The. Oah from one "i the many
who could not stand the strain 01" the i
auction <'f seats. He was asked if he
v; , ;. .. allow the use of his theater for the
",. *irte : ri:6on of Tkursuay next if it was
: iJiunu possibie to give a second perform
! 'iti-ye for those who could not secure seats i
•' at "iiit- Orpheum: His answer was •harac- j
■ t-erisi-ic aud to the point.
: "Our tneaier .s open tor the use of th?
; ' cohir.»Htt-e snould it be tound that the Or- '
pIK-uiliis not large enough to accommo
: uate all wno wish to aitena the volun
•:• teeis' benerit. \\Y can give the theater for
•" 'ihliisaay afternoon ana we can ommo
.'■ date Koyu people. It would not be proper
••' lor mo. to bring the matter i:p myseif. but
: 1 ;im willing to give the theater whenever
: tiie-ccmmltiee wishes."
i r..:!> was no hesitation in the matter.
■ Mr. Morosco said he was willing to do :
anything: in his power to help swell the
';• lufu!. "Vuu can auction our boxes," he
"~ Maia. "and w<- have sixteen of tnem; or
• y/6-ii can sell them as you please. You can
sell the scats or you can auction them. |
•. and! you- can sell flowers in the lobbies. |
'"inn can cv.-n sell standing room In the j
• hairs, and -on the Hours, and you can sell
■.' floor space right out into the street if you j
"■ please to do so. All 1 ask is that the show
V s-haii be equal to that given at the Or
.-.■•■phleuml It- wtfuld not do to have it said
.!-' .that., the entertainment here was inferior
■ . ;.
. . •\> r.. Morosco was asked if he would
-•'ivrir.K the matter up before the theatrical
.. niana'gers; but this hi- ■lined to do. "II
.'. • would not look well for me to advance
. thy" claims of my own theater," he ob
, "jected. ■• am. willing to help, but I don't
.like- CD put myself in the position of seek
. ing advertisement If the actors will ap
• pear here after appearing at the < >rpheum
andiXhe people will come, the theater is
' ' .the disposal of the committee."
There is 'no doubt about the people
• roming. They will be _ id to find he op
' portunity. There Is more than one house
• ful of patriotism in .San b'rancisco, and
the-man who works with his hands is as
glad to have his son or his friend come
with the boys as he who has money to
■ spend. They .ill want to get into the
• t heaters and to the benefit performances;,
and to cheer every time a flag is shown
or shout every time there is a martial
chorus. Such benefit performances as
. are. coming this week are not all .in the.
stage. They are in the pit and in th*
.boxes; in . the galerles and along the
aisles. They art In the thousands w.io
gather together all for the. same purpose
.—to help along the same end, and it
"would be a poor time for merrymaking If
' any one should be crowded out.
' A liar Is nothing to pay for a seat at
.a volunteers' benefit, hut there are no
more dollar seais at the Orpheum, and
■■ it is the man with a dollar who must ao
the bulk of the welcoming. It is the man
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I 28l "Why Experiment? BBHjff
8 "Why Experiment?
Everybody Knows"
BICyCLES
I $40. I
i THOS. H. B. VARNEY, i
'$ - Market and 10th Sts.. S.F. |
i^ Open Wed. and Sat. Jj
■ Evenings. jjfS
DR. ABORN,
Eye, Ear, Catarrh, Throat,
Asthma and Lung Specialist,
664 Batter St., Bet. Powell and Mason.
Hours— lo to 12 and 2t04;7 to 8 evening
Bonn- FREE CONSULTATION.
with only a dollnr to spare who is the
strength of the regiment, and it will t>e
liis relatives and friends who will line the
streets and t\^ the cheering and shed the
tears over the breaks in the ranks. It i^<
not ul! a question of money, either; . is
a question of every one finding a place
for himself in the throng of welcomi
(!!.;• r<< to help swell the shout of greet
ing; a right to cheer and whoop and
swing his hat and to he is tak
ing a part in this, the greatest of a..
homecomings.
These are the people who cannot pay
high for theater seats, but no celebration
can get along without them. There arc
more of them than would til! the or
pheum and the Grand Opera-hous<
hined. and they should he given a chance
to ad.! their share to the fund, their pres
• > the audiences, and '.end their toil
worn' hands to swell the applause.
T# theatrical managers say the thing
can be done if the actors are able to
stand the strain. The same or very
the same performance can he
at one place, and then the actors
ran he taken to the other th<
.an repeat their scenes or songs or spe-
DESIGNS FOR ILLUMINATION OF TWO GREAT BUILDINGS
cialties. It will be hard work, but then
every one is working hard to make the
reception more than a mere success, and
those v. ho go to • rs in til
ing of next Thursdaj will remember that
all the afternoon the playerfolk hays
lending their art to help the hand
shake awaiting th« boys; and then. ion.
the i . -an Francis* 0 are not un
grateful, and the fa< t that they "1
us out" :.- something for the city to re
mem! ier.
M Lrk Thall. manager of the Alcaz
enthu • ' ion T " '■•'■' | -
tinue the performance in the Grand Opera
house.
"The proposition Is not only feasible."
paid Mr. Thall last 1 venii £, "but It can
. hi about, providing, how
ever, that the artists bill< d for the < >r
j.heu: ■ are willing or able
to do doul le duty. In my npini m tn< re
will not be one tvho will refuse to enter
Into the plan, though, of curse, i! will
work some han: m. Once at
the show the artist will naturally wish to
remain and see 1 ' and then
they may be tired; but for this good cause
I believe all will be willing to make the
sacril cc. If the proposition Is carried out
I would ■- I a bill be prepared
'■ for the < rrand '>p ■■' ih ' ; "
change. Then let the artists who will
appear in the last act at the Orpheum ap
-1 ear in the first at the Grand Opera
house, and po on, in order that the plays
i may commence at the same time and con
! tiniie to the end without long delay.
will see that the matter is discussed at
i the meetii g to-morrow, and if possible I
; am sure that all members of the commit
! tee will enter into the plan."
Manager Morrisey of the Orpheum, llk<»
' Mr. Thai!, is uncertain as to just how the
'artists will take to the idea. "] can read
ily see thi ■ I the plan," he said,
•'and in addition to making it possible for
those not counted among the wealthy to
show their patriotism it would greatly
augment the receipts, as the Grand Opera
house seats several thousand people, and
doubtless it WOUld be crowded. I am
afraid that the actors would rind the
: work too much for them: still I will en
ter into the discussion before the commit
tee, and if the matter can be carried
through I will give all my assistance. I
' will do anything within reason to make
'the coming benefit a success, and this
. matter will be thoroughly looked into at
■ to-morrow's meeting.
1,. A. Morgenstern, who is handling the
sale of seats at the Orphsum for the hen
■ efit. is of the same opinion. "If the artists
I are willing." said Mr. Morgenstern. "thn
I plan is a good one, and doubtless the varl
j ous managers will endeavor and probably
I succeed in finding some way by which the
suggestion can be carried mil."
Manager Friedlander of the California
Theater said:
"I fully agree with The Call that th*»
people should be given an opportunity to
attend the monster benefit performance;
but to my mind it is impossible to give
another performance at another house
on the same afternoon because of the fact
that the stage hands, ruusi<;juus and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 14. 1899.
others necessary for the various acts
from the different theaters have arranged
, 1,.. t the Orpheum next Thursday
aft. '■noon to assist in whatever 'act is put
on by their theater. J am confident, how
ever that another afternoon could be
devoted to the same purpose and made a
success by charging popular prices if
a big vaudeville entertainment should he
: given at the Grand Opera-house, $1000 at
I the least could easily he raised.
"The artists who are to appear at the
Orpheum might consent, however, to
iump into carriages and repeat their act
at the opera-house. So far as I am con
i. I would like to see this done. It
would give many an opportunity to see i
; , g ; performance and the enjoyment
would be greater to those attending, as
they would be aiding a worthy cause. At
our" meeting to-morrow, if this matter is i
brought up, T shall favor it." I
The meeting this morning will decide!
whether or not the plan will he put into
•ion. With the theater ready, the
managers favoring the idea and every
one willing To help and work overtime,
I jt -eems as if the greal overflow benefit
I performance at the Grand Opera-house ■
I was almost assured.
CITY WILL BE IN
A BLAZE OF GLORY
Electric Display Planned
on a Most Gigantic
Scale.
SAN FRANCISCO will literally h» in a
Maze of glory when the current is
sent through the 10,000 Incandescent
electric lights that jro to make up the
great electrical illumination which will be
• Lture of the celebration In honor of
the return of the California volunteers.
Nothing like it has ever been seen in
this city. The citizens who have wa
with interest t>s - ■ stringing of wires
across Market street can form but
a feeble conception of the magnitude of
the vi ale of grandeur
h the display will be made.
Scarcely • I the wires for the
street lights have been put in place.
There ha.s been a vague idea that Market
■ was to be illuminated overhead, but
the plans of the decoration committee are
much more pretentious. There will be a
continuous stream of electric lights from!
the time ball en the tower of the ferry |
depot up Market street to the dome, of the
city Hall.
The committee, consisting of W. J. Mar
tin (chairman). William H. Mills, I. \V.
Hellman Jr., A. Schilling, Charles Hirscta
and H. M. Holbrook, had many proposi
tions under consideration and spent many |
days discussing them before they finally :
decid 'I upon the electrical display mid
awarded the contract to the Pacific [ncan
desi 'I.; Lamp < Jompany.
.The plans call for an Illuminatidn the
equal of which ha never been seen on
the Pacific Coast. It will be on a
nf grandeur never before undertaken in .
this oiiy and of a magnitud •■•> can
appr< ciate from a casual Inspection of the
w«.rk thus far prosecuted.
T.-n thousand in ni lights will be
The stringers which will form, the
canopy of light over Market street will ;
consume In the neighborhood of 216,000 feet <
hi copper wire. En the decorations at the!
ferry depol and the City Hall 26,000 feet
of Insulated wire will be necessary, and
every fool of this hitter will have to be j
handled separately by the workmen in the 1
employ of the contractors. So great has
been the demand for electric material to
complete the display that the local mark!
has been drained. Los Angeles and Sao
ramento have been (ailed upon for ex
tras, and all the available stock in the
two cities has been spoken for. Even
with the supplies from the outside cities
the Pacific Company found itself short
nearly 5000 porcelain sockets for the In
candescent lamps. Tn order that there
might be no delay In completing the work
the company improvised :i Bocket out of
copper wire and yesterday afternoon set a
large force of men at work turning them
out. Eighty men are now employed bj
the company exclusively on the work in
connection with the illumination, and as
soon as they begin to string the wires
on ihr ferry* depot and the City Hall an
additional crew of twenty-five men will
be pressed into service. Their storeroom
on Anna lane Is a scene of unusual activ
ity. Shifts are at work day and night
preparing the material for the men on the !
streets. The work is being prosecuted :
with vigor, and despite the short time j
remaining for its? completion everything
will be ready when the California boys ar
rive.
Beginning at the ferry, the tower of the
building will be outlined by strings of
light extending from the time ball down
to :i ir> big clock. Pour huge electric stars i
about ten feet high will shine from the
four sides of the tower midway between
the pinnacle and the clock. Just above
the hip timepti cc, on the Market-street
side, there will be a set figure about 15x25
feet with the words "All Welcome Home."
T'p Market street to the City Hall lights
will be strung across the street at inter
vals of fifty feet. Each of these strings
will carry twenty-four lights, and every
fifth cluster will be arched with thirty
four lights.
The decorations at the City Hall will be
r.nf of the features of the ilumination.
The building from the base of the globe
on the dome to the foundation will be
brought out in profile. Every outline will
be marked by electric lights. From the
main columns strings of lights will ex
tend to the dome. A huge canopy of
lights with the Lick monument as the
center will be constructed over City Hall
Park,
MOROSCO OFFERS THE
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
7f a
w y^-^TJR theater is open for the use of the committee should it be **
"3 ( I found that the Orpheum is not large enough to accommodate m
'/* V^/ all who wish to attend the volunteers' benefit. We can give ~g
-m the theater for Thursday afternoon and can accommodate three thou- -m
** sand people. It would not be proper for me to bring the matter up "
is myself, but lam willing to give the theater whenever the commit- m
JJ tee wishes. 7
PROGRAMME WILL
BE READY TO-DAY
A Few More Seats May Be
Had lor Thursday's
Benefit.
The theatrical managers have ad
dressed a complimentary letter to Mayor
Phelan stating that a vote of thanks has
been tendered him for his, ardent efforts
in furthering the success of the Cali
fornia Volunteers' theatrical benefit fund.
Th< Mayor has acknowledged th< receipt
Of the letter with thanks.
The theatrical managers will meet in
the Office Of the Columbia Theater this
morning at ll o'clock and arrange furthei
details for the benefit at the Orpheum
next Thursday. The programme will be
F^^^fnißifsajsafßiPaPaisaPsPSi
P, . . *-, » ► ... -, * - - - *
completed and given to the public to
morrow. A number of surprises have
been prepared, and the aggregation of
talent will be the strongest that has ever
appeared on any stage at one time in this
city.
The management desires it to be known
that all unsold tickets will be placed on
sale this morning at the Orpheum box
office at 9 o'clock. Notwithstanding the
enormous sale there are a few seats left.
Bids will also be received by L. A.
Morgenstern for two unsold boxes, one
of which was donated by Edward Mar
shuts, who paid his • premium of $100.
Wendell Easton has consented to sell th«
box at the Produce Exchange or the
Chamber of Commerce, and if he can rind
the time he will do so. However, bids
may be left- at the Orpheum office.
The management also requests all those
having seats at the benefit who may wish
to leave before the end of the extremely
long performance, to deposit their scat
coupons in the box-office and they will he
resold for the benefit of tlie fund. The
performance will last six hours in all,
commencing at 12:30 p. m. sharp. .
The managers will themselves consti
tute the corps of ushers, and will have
twenty assistants from the various
theaters of the city.
RECEPTION NOTES.
AH tho comiriittees rested frnm thoir la
bors yesterday according to the divine
command, but to-day they will renew
their untiririß efforts to make the soldiers'
reception an fmphatir succoss.
At xho rooms of the finance committee,
in tho Chronicle buiMing, Secretary Plppy
GO TO THE AUCTION
AND SWELL THE FUND
PATRIOTISM is rampant
these days, and any one
who wishes to manifest that
very praiseworthy quality will
do well to attend the auction
sale for the choice of seats and
boxes at the Alhambra Thea
ter to-day at noon for the
Arion concert to be given for
the benefit of the volunteer
fund to-morrow night in the
same theater. It will be a not
able affair, and the generous
offer of the German singing
society to help the fund for
the returning volunteers
should meet with substantial
returns.
Strong efforts will be made
by the German Citizens' Com
mittee to equal if not surpass
the extraordinary success of
the Orpheum sale last week. A
big crowd will be in attend
ance and the bidding will be
spirited, from all accounts.
If you want to be strictly in
the swim go to the auction san
to-day and bid.
was busy with his assistant straightening
out some nf the accumulated work.
"Thorp aro a number of men who have
bfen appointed on different committees
to ranvasa th<» districts for funds."
said Mr. Pippy, "who have not a? yel put
iin .-in appearance. In this way there are
some thirty subscription books which thp
committee is anxii us to dispose of. The
ilmr Is short, and an earnest apppal \n
mado to thp Kcntlpnicn of she committees.
: who hay. nol i ailed to do so immpdiatPly.
' if they f.-ii] to do so ihr members of the
• • committee will be obliged to do
thr work for them, and their work is
arduous enough as it is."
The headquarters tent in Union square
ted a busy scene all day yesterday.
Many soldiers registered their names In
the liip book .-1111! were made heartily wel
come, whi ther they came from California,
Mail c or any other State. There was lit- 1
erature of all kinds, and the morning
dailies were there In abundance.
Several ladies of the lied Cross Society
were busy making comfort bags for the
soldiers, and their operations were eager
ly watched by the visiting boys in blue.
Thp joint parade committee of the Na
tive Sons and Daughters will meet this
evening with thp citizens' executive com
mittee at the headquarters at the Cali
fornia Hotel.
BIG INTEREST IN
ARION CONCERT
Thp auction sale for tho Arion concert
to I"- given for the benefit of the Cali
fornia Volunteers' feceptiOH fund at the
Alhambra Theater to-day at noon prom
ises to be a gala affair ami Is exp<
to duplicate the financial success of the
sale at the Orpheum last Thursday.
The citizens' committee of forty promi
nent Germans, appointed by chairman De
SToui g of the finance committee, will take
charge ol the sale and they have all
expressed their Jntention u< gather in a
large amount of money to help the good
cause.
The generous offer of the New York
Ari' is should meet with a hearty re
sponse from the public. Their singing is
a rare treal and once enjoyed will never
be ;'' rgotton. Asidi from this it must by
known thai only the spirit <^' contagious
patriotism which pervades the entire com
mun ty has prompted this noble hand of
Germans to assisi in raising the neces
sary money to fittingly receive the Cali
fornia soldiers who sacrificed so much in
of their country.
The ii'.ni";- was current on the -•
yesterday thai a wealthy German citizen
will emulate the example of Mrs. A. S.
Townsend, who set the pac« for the
Orpheum sale by her substantial bids.
It is said thai tl itizen referred to
will bid considerably above the $l'»'O
mark for the choice of the first box. How
ever true thai may !"■. it is absolutely
certain thai a number of patriotic <;-i
--mans will be at th< sale prepared to dive
deep down in their t kets on this oc
casion. It is expe< ti I thai both the box< -
and seats will iiriim a splendid advance,
and the successful bidders will have the
added advantage "f being present at the
most notable musical affair ever wit
nessed in San Francisco.
Already many requests for seats have
beer, received at the Alhambra box office,
hut these will only be considered after
ili, auction sale is concluded. The doors
of 1 1 >• ■ theater will I pened at 11:30 ami
it is hoped that only ftitending bidders
will take the seats which have been re
served for them at the sale. Wendell
Easton has repeated his generous offer
•,' . induct the auction and will he as
sisted by Colonel .1. 1-. Lyon and the able
corps "f assistants who made the Or
pheum sale the distinctive success that
it was.
'I'lie wealthy visitors who have enntrih
uted their tim< and talents will he on
hand t" spur timid bidders and will prob
ably themselves catch the auctioneer's
eye 'nee in awhile. The Alhambra will
hold two thousand people, and it is cer
tain that every nook and crevice will be
occupied both at the auction sale this
morning and at the concert Tuesday
night.
MEMORIAL SERVICES.
The Red Cross Society is arranging
services in memory of the dead of the
California regiment. Ellinghouse & Mott
have donated the use of the, Alhambra
Theater for tlie purpose, and the date has
been sel for Sunday, September 3. Among
th. speakers will he Dr. Jordan of Stan
ford. President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of
Berkeley, Rev. Robert Mackenzie and Rev.
.1. Cherlngton. The musical features will
bo of an exceptional nature. The Loring
Club has volunteered to fill out several of
the numbers, and it is stated that this
will !»<• the first time that the club has
ever suns ;it any public affair. The ar
rangements are In charge of Mrs. Moore
of the Red Cross Society.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
snl Seventh street. corner Mission. Salt
water direct from the ocean.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Week FREENI §
' Treatment and Medicine --Jo §
Catarrh, Deafness, 1 g^
NOISES IN EARS AND %^s/lr
THROAT DISEASES. Ji^S
NEW INVENTIONS an 1 i^^y^ VctL .•
NEW ANTISEPTIC MEDI- *#y Ji^L."
('INKS that gives marvel- SSS' iMsS
uus cures, even after other §& SaSiiia
treatments fail. Over -" I VN^ .
test cases. So per cent sue- *^
cessfiil. So satisfactory is ||V n9v^-'
the treatment that I make j^j^fe&jaM^y
no charge to try it one -week. fs^i^i^ia^^
rite for literature and symptom blank or
call at once for FREE TREATMENT.
DR. COTTINGHAM,
632 Market St opp. Palace Hotel.
Hours— 9-12 a. m., 1-3 and 7-8 p. m.
Big Presents
Good Tea
Try
Great American Importino: Tea Go's
Big Value Stores.
STORES EVERYWHERE.
100 STORES.
ADVERTISEMENTS. -*~w-
This week we will display our first impor-
tation of NEW SILKS for FALL 1899,. and call
particular attention to the following EXCLU-
SIVE NOVELTIES? PERSIAN. TAFFETAS
with BLACK SATIN CORDED STRIPE, GRE-
CIAN STRIPED EFFECTS in heavy TAFFETA,
PERSIAN STRIPED CORDED TAFFETA,
CORDED TAFFETA, BLACK SATIN STRIPES,
ILLUMINATED STRIPED CORDED TAF-
FETAS, CORDED and PLISSE TAFFETAS in
all the evening shades, NOVELTIES in BLACK
PLISSE CORDED TAFFETAS, BLACK BAYA-
DERE WAVE and STRIPED DUCHESSE,
BLACK MOIRE and FANCY SATIN STRIPES
and PLAIN and FANCY CORDED EFFECTS .
in TAFFETAS.
We will also show this week our new im-
portation of PLAIN COLORED TAFFETAS in
the very LATEST SHADES and in a very
SUPERIOR QUALITY.
WOTl7~~ our special sale of Ladies' and
l\ \J LJU Gents' Fine Linen Hemstitched
Handkerchiefs will he. continued this week.
111. 113. 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
BQWEM
& CO
Secure your lanterns this week as ,
Oiere are not enough in town to supply
the demand which is growing everyday
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Brandy— California gal $3 00
3 bottles 2 00
Don't go without brandy peaches
pears and other fruits when the
ingredients are so reasonable and
good— reg'ly $4 gallon $1 bottle
Holland COCOa— VanHouten SOC
is As and 1 lb cans— pure —
soluble— reg'ly $1 lb
Laundry scfap 7 bars 25c
Home brand— convenient size (
made from pure tallow stock
reg'ly 6 for 25c
Brook trout 20c
Ready for use — serve hot or cold
reg'ly 25c can
Maraschino-ooigactrd $1 10 !
Holland's famous wild cherry after
IF* dinner liqueur— reg'ly $1 60 bottle
Lantern candles carton of 72 65c
Will burn 4 hours 2 dozen 25c
Japanese lanterns
Pretty shapes— each 2c 3c and 4c
Cherries in marasquin 62^
French — serve in cocktails
lemonade or claret punch
reg'ly 70c bottle
Safety matches— 4 pks 25c I
For the household— 1 gross «=v c
no danger or worry vj.ju
Glycerine lotion— OaWry bot3oc
An instant relief for chapped
hands and sunburn
Window screens 33 in. open 20c
The Flyer— 37 in. " -in n
reg'ly 25c and 35c ou< " '
Fiber pails— indurated 30c
Light but durable— can't
possibly leak— reg'ly 40c "
Paraffine wax 2 ibs 25c !
For sealing jelly and jams to
prevent moulding— reg'ly 15c lb
Shoe polish— bottle i2Jc
For ladies' and children's shoes
Whether you live in the city or :
country we have perfect facilities for i
serving you promptly— satisfactorily—
write for our big catalogue
432 Pine 215 Sutler 2 800 California San Francisc* I
1073 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
vine Great RestoratlV2 . Invigorator and Ner-
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
nil 10 l? Ihe Sexual Organs of both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on its own Merits.
,_ « NABER. ALFS & BRUNE Agents.
323 Market street. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
W. T. HESS,
NOTARY PUJLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT-LAW,
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bldg.
Telephone Brown 931.
R Residence, 821 California B t., below Powell,
Ban Franclsoo. — ■-^
TURKISH
A «1IL RUGS
AT
ABSOLUTE AUCTION,
IUBKISH RUG CO.'S ART ROOMS,
125 GEARY ST.
POSITIVELY Three Last Days— Mon., Tue3.
and Thurs., Aug. 14, 15, 17, at 2:30 P.M.
[[^Connoisseurs and Home- and Office Fur-
nishers, are Invited to this Important Sale.
A. W. LOUDERBACK. Auctioneer.
:.
TRUST
Your Oculist
And bring us the order for glasses. They will
be made to suit him and fl; you. With the new
clip, don't slip. tilt, waver or pinch.
Factory on premises; quick repairing. Phona
Main 10.
OPTIC!ANS>p HrT^P* CAPPA * ATu5 -
HOTO-' n SCIENTIFIC
642 Market St. instruments
imam comers Buiowi>
BE a m la asa mk hex bTaJ
Si l H - 3 1 r^B
000000000000000000
g™- A LACE A^%
%CRAND HOT EkP%
jf SAN FRANCISCO. Q
** Connected by a covered passageway.
® 1400 Room*— 9OO wi h Bath Attached. **
. O All Under One Management. • O
O NOTE THE PRICE*: O
O European Plan. B l.OO per day and upward O
_ American Plan. s.'i.OO per day and upward
O Correspondence Solicited. *•*
O JOHN C. EIRKPATBICE. Kantger. O
000000000000000000
fW FAVORITE
SCRIPTION
RWE4KWOMEM.
WEEKLY CALL
$1 per Year.
Enlarged to 16 Pages
i