VOLUME LXXXVI-NO. 146.
PRESIDENT KRUGER IN PERSON
LEADS THE TRANSVAAL FORCE
At the Head of Nine Thousand Men He Is Now
Attacking Glencoe.
Battle Being Waged Over the Ground Where the British
Were Victorious on Friday and
Saturday.
ONDON, Oct. 23.— The Daily News publishes the following dispatch
from Ladysmilh, dated Sunday night:
"A large force under Commandant General Joubert and Com
mander Vogan opened fire on Dundee yesterday. The I iring was con
tinued to-day. The result is not known here."
Daily Telegraph has received the following from Ladysmith,
dated Sunday at 2:10 p. m«:
The Boers, reported to be 9000 strong and under the command of
ommandant General Joubert and President Kruger in person, are again
to-day attacking Glencoe.
General Yule, commanding our troops, has moved his camp back
into a better defensive position."
'ispatch from Ladysmith, Natal, dated 4:15 yesterday afternoon, has just been received.
It is a literal repetition of the Cape Town-Glencoe advices of yesterday and it is regarded as some
mitwus that nothing has since been received respecting the result, especially when viewed in the
light of Lord Jl'olseley's statement that General Yule's force felt it necessary to retire from Dundee to
function.
General Yule evidently is in a tight comer, as he noiv has, or had to face the main Boer army un-
General Joubert. General Sir George Stewart White, the British commander-in-chief in Natal
tndoubtedly detach part of the force which was victorious at Elands Laagte to his assistance.
h a detachment, however, will leave Ladysmith poorly protected against the threatened attack from
eneral Hunter on Saturday wired that the departure of the force to Elands Laagte left
hit only a couple of battalions of regulars, a mountain battery and 500 Natal volunteers to de
fend flu : <wn, which is the British military base in North Natal. Further news, therefore, is anxious
ly <; .
War Office received the following dispatch from General George Stcivart White, com
mander in Natal, dated at Ladysmith Camp, 4:45 p. m. to-day:
ral Yule telegraphed me 'yesterday evening that the wounded at Dundee were doing well"
This greatly relieves the anxiety regarding Glencoe, as the British there had evidently not been
attacked up to last evening.
BELIEF THAT BRITISH
HAVE MET DISASTER
NEW YORK, Oct. 24. The World's Lon
don correspond! I that news of a
Mg disaster in Natal is keenly appre
hended. The corn ipo.ndent adds that offi
cial dispatches were received last rvf-ning
from Generals White and rule, but on
consultation between members of the
Cabinet who were In th< : f'nm
mons. it was decided to withhold them
from the I ! 0 . Per
elstent rumors were afloai that those dis
patches armour rea at
Giencoe.
A Sun cable fri m Paris says: The
Temps' London correspoi > ns to
have inside Information that the war
office has learned that the British were
beaten In the second action at Giencoe.
He says:
The San Francisco Call.
THE SCENE OF ACTION IN NATAL.
"They sustained such losses that the
war office wishes to wait news of another
favorable engagement before announcing
iliom."
The "World's I^ondon correspondent
says: The British Ministers deny knowl
edge of any European coalition against
England. But the organization of a
special squadron and the ordering- of the
channel squadron to Gibraltar are suffi
cient evidence of thcflr intention to be
prepared If Russia and France mean mis
chief.
The difficult situation in Natal will af
ford the- dual alliance opportunity to de
velop plan*, but reliance is placed here on
the apparent friendly fueling of the KalsT
to keep the hostile powers in check.
HOW ELANDS LAAGTE
WAS LOST AND WON
LONDON, Oct. 24.— The Daily Mail pub-
SAN FRAIN CISCO, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1899.
I Ushes the following description of the
battle of Elands Laagte from Its special
war correspondent, G. W. Stevens, filed
at Lady smith:
"The battle was a brilliant, complete
success. The Boers numbered from 1200
to 2000, and probably had about 100 killed
and 150 wounded.
"The fight Itself was like a practical
Illustration of handbook tactics, each arm
represented doing Its proper work to per
fection. The Gordon Highlanders in their
attack advanced in magnificent order
They were Immediately saluted with a
heavy fire, which told from the first
"Thoir major fell with a bullet in his
leg, but as he lay where he fell he lit a
pipe and smoked placidly whllo the ad
vance continued. As man after man
dropped supports were rushed into the
firing line, our men darting from cover
to cover, splendidly led and ever advanc
ing. As ridge after ridge was won the
Highlanders still found a new ridge con
fronting them, and thus they fought
BRITONS AND BOERS WHO
FELL AT ELANDS LAAGTE
LONDON, Oct. 23.— An amend.d
list of the British casualties at the
battle of Elands Laagte places the
number of officers killed at five and
the wounded thirty, and the num
ber of non-commisslonod officers
and men killed at thirty-seven and
wounded at one hundred and seven
ty-five, the total number of casual
ties being two hundred and forty
seven. Ten men are missing. The
following list of casualties among
the Boers In the battle at Elands
Laagte is given:
GENERAL VILJOEN, killed.
GENERAL KOCK, wounded and
captured; since died.
GENERAL KOCK'B SON, killed.
COLONEL SCHIEL (German offi
cer commanding the army), wound
and a prisoner.
COMMANDER PRETORIOUS,
wounded; prisoner.
Several Boer standards captured.
BRITISH CASUALTIES.
The following is an official list of
the British casualties at the battle
of Elands Laagte:
imperialTught horse.
KILLED.
COLONEL SCOTT-CHISHOLM.
WOUNDED.
MAJOR SAMPSON.
CAPTAIN ORR.
CAPTAIN MULLENS.
LIEUTENANT (TRRY,
LIEUTENANT SHORE.
LIEUTENANT BARNES.
LIEUTENANT FORBES.
LIEUTENANT CA M PBELL.
LIEUTENANT NORMANS.
SECOND BATTERY FIELD AR
TILLERY.
WOUNDED.
CAPTAIN CAMPBELL.
LIEUTENANT MANLEY.
STAFF CAPTAIN BROOKE, Sev
enth Hussars^
r|RST DEVONSJIIRE REGIMENT.
WOUNDED.
CAPTAIN LAFONE.
their Weeding way until the final ridge
was neared, with nearly every officer
down.
"Then, slamming every available man
into the firing line, Manchester, Devons
and Light Horse all mixed, with bugles
chanting to advance, bagpipes shrieking
and the battle a confused surge, our men
Continued on Third Page.
NEW CHARTER IS UPHELD
BY STATE SUPREME COURT
The Freeholders' Election Decided to Have Been
Properly and Legally Conducted!
All San Francisco's City and County Officers Must Now Step
Down and Out and New Ones Be Chosen to Fill the
Vacant Places as Soon as Possible.
rHE new charter is no longer a political issue. It is now the laze of this municipality. This
was judicially established yesterday by the decree of the Justices of the Supreme Court in two
decisions in which there was not a dissenting voice. One case that was instituted by Super
intendent of Streets Fragley, in which he attacked the validity of the late election of Freeholders who
framed the new charter and assailed the later election of the charter itself. The other case related
exclusively to the status of county officers. Sheriff Martin, County Clerk Dcane and other county of
ficials brought action to determine that the county officers named were elected for a period of four years.
While neither case was brought directly to determine the validity of the charter, the issues involved
made this point a vital one in the matter and the decision of the Justices covers both questions.
The cases were brought against the Mayor and the Board of Election Commissioners to restrain
them from holding the coming election and to prevent them from appropriating money for that purpose.
In the lower court the plaintiffs lost and the higher court holds that thebondholders election and the char
ter election were legal and valid. Hence the charter stands. This also disposes of the case brought by
the county officers icho sought to retain office until the expiration of the four years for which they were
elected. The higher court decided that all county officers must go out of office and new ones be elected to fill
the places, as provided for under the new laws of the city.
The leading opinion was written by Justice Harrison and concurred in by Chief Justice Beatfy
and Justice Henshaw. Another opinion was written by Justice Garoull? and concurred in by Justices
Van Dyke and McFarland. In both opinions the same conclusions were readied, but by different pro
cesses of reasoning. As for the opinion in the case of the county officers Justice I 'an Dyke has the honor
of being its creator and all of the Justices agreed in the findings. This is one of a very few instances
where the entire court has been unanimous in an important matter. The three opinions are as follows:
HARRISON'S
DECISION ON
THE CHARTER;
In Bank.
Fragley. appellant, vs. Phelan et al., respond
ents.-S. F. No. 2048.
The Hoard of Election Commissioners of San
Fm-vi -<•■> directed that' an election for Free
holders to frame a charter for that city and
county be held December 27. 1897, and a board
of. fifteen Freeholders having been chosen upon
that nay a charter framed by them was sub
mitted to the voter? of the city and county at
an election held therefor under the direction
and control of the Board of Election Commis
sioner*, on the 26th day of May, 1888, and hav
ing received a majority of the votes cast at that;
election was approved by the legislature on
the 28th Of January, A. D. 15?9.. Under a Pro
vision therefor in the charter, this Board of
Election • Commissioners has directed that an
election be held on the 7th day of November,
ISM to fill certain offices named in th- charter
The' plaintiff herein, a taxpayer of the city and
county brought the -present action to enjoin
certain of its officer* from incurring any ex
pense in holding said election and from paying
out or disbursing any of the public moneys for
any expense that may he incurred In holding
the election, upon the ground that the elections
at which the. Freeholders were chosen, and up n
the adoption of the charter framed by them,
were Illegally held, and that for that reason
the charter, never having been legally adopted,
* After the Board of Election Commissioners
had directed an election ror the Freeholders.
it caused the city
■ and county to be
■ redlstricted into
■ special election
■ precincts for the
H purpose of said
I election, and con
■ solldated the 313
I general c 1 ection
I precincts Into
■ which the city
■ had been divided
Districted Into
Special
Election Precincts.
LIEUTENANT GUNNING. <
LIEUTENANT HALEY. (
LIEUTENANT GREEN. <
FIRST MANCHESTER REGIMENT]
WOUNDED. ]
COLONEL CURRAN. <
CAPTAIN MELVILLE. (
CAPTAIN NEWBIGGING. t
CAPTAIN PALER. i
LIEUTENANT DANKS. j
FIRST LEICESTERSHIRE REGI-<
MENT. J
KILLED. , J
LIEUTENANT HANKA. (
GORDON HIGHLANDERS. J
KILLED. J
MAJOR DENNE. :%- !
LIEUTENANT FANTMOSE. )
LIEUTENANT MURRAY. \
LIEUTENANT BRADBURY. <
WOUNDED. J
LIEUTENANT COLONEL DICK I
CONYNGHAM. t
MAJOR WRIGHT. '
CAPTAIN WRIGHT. . <
CAPTAIN HALDANE. , <
CAPTAIN BUCHANAN. <
CAPTAIN MIKELJOHN. ■'. <
LIEUTENANT FINDLAY. »
LIEUTENANT GILL AT.
LIEUTENANT CAMPBELL. '
LIEUTENANT HENNESST. <
The following casualties occurred <
among the rank and file: {
Fifth Lancers— Three troopers \
wounded. .
Imperial Light Horse— Two ser- !
grants and four troopers killed and !
thirty-five non-commissioned officers '
and men wounded. One man miss- i
ing. ;',^: (
Twenty-first Field Battery— Three (
gunners wounded. ,
Forty-second Field Battery— Two ]
gunners and a driver wounded. ,
First Devonshire Regiment— Twen- '
ty-nine non-commissioned officers *
and men wounded. <
First Manchester Regiment— Elev- (
en non-commissioned officers and <
men killed and twenty-six wounded. ,
Gordon Highlanders— Five non- ]
commissioned officers and fifteen '
men killed and fifteen non-com- '
missioned officers and sixteen men <
wounded. (
for the last preceding election Into 94 special
election precincts, and designated one polling
place within each of said special election pre
cinct?, and held the elpotion upon the adoption
of the charter In the same precincts. RrtOr to
the holding of each of said elections th>> Board
of Election Commissioners provided for supple
mental registration at the office of the Regis
trar, at the City Hall, but made no provision
for precinct registration. Prior to the consoli
dation of the precincts, as aforesaid, the hoard
passed a resolution that the special election for
Freeholders should be conducted In accordance
with the act relating to the election of Free
holders and charters, aproved March 31, 1597
(Statutes of 1897. p. 2SS), and that the number
of votes for each special election precinct be
estimated at 750, or as near thereto as possible.
The Superior Court rendered judgment In fa
vor of the defendants, and from this judgment
and an order denying a new trial the plaintiff
has appealed.
The grounds urged '"I
herein are that the h<-i.H
support of the appeal
of 1897 is unconstitu
tional, and that.
-+- Inasmuch as the ]
elections for Free- |
holders and upon i
- the adoption of |
the charter were'
held in conformi
ty with the provi
sions of this act,
instead of under
Grounds Urged
to Support
the Appeal.
"* ' ' + the provision* of
- ■ -. the net entitled
' "An act to regulftte the registration of voters,
and to secure the purity of elections In \he
1 city and county of San Francisco," passed
March 18, I*7*«. they were invalid, and that the
charter adopted thereat was invalid, and con
fers no authority to hold en election for the
offices therein named. The particulars In which
the invalidity of the elections is urged are that
the Board of Election Commissioners had no
authority to consolidate the election precincts,
or to omit precinct registration, and that they
i did not appoint proper election boards for the
| precincts In which the elections were held.
The act of IS7S was a special act relating to
i San Francisco alone, and at the adoption of
; the constitution of is7<> formed a part of the
charter of that city and county. By its pro
, visions the conduct, management and control
i of elections and matters pertaining to elections
j was taken from the Board of Supervisors, which
! under the Political Code, then exercised this
power in other parts of the State, and was con
: l erred upon the Board of Election Commission
ers therein created. Section 6of article Xl. of the
1 constitution of 1579. as originally adopted, after
directing the Legislature to provide by general
laws for the organization of cities and towns,
• declared that "cities or towns heretofore or
hereafter organized, and all charters thereof
framed or adopted by authority of this con
stitution, shall be subject to and controlled by
general laws." In Staude vs. Election Com
missioners, 61 Cal. 321, it was said that the
i effect of this section was that San Francisco
i "shall be subject to and controlled by such
i general laws as the Legislature shall enact,
other than those for the incorporation, organi
zation and classification in proportion to popu
lation of cities and towns." The Political Code
is a general law whose force extends through
out the State, and. in the absence of any
qualifying words, the Legislature must be
deemed to intend that its provision shall have
uniform operation in all parts of the State,
' 1 and it was held in the cas> just cited that an
! amendment to section 4109 of the Political Code
by which the time for the election of all city
I and county officers was made uniform through
; out the State superseded a provision in the
| charter of San Francisco providing a different
time for the election of those officers within
that city and county. In ISS9 the Legislature
amended several sections of this code relating
to elections by extending their provisions to
each of the counties and cities and counties of
the State, and by placing every board having
charge and control of elections In the same
i category with the Board of Supervisors in each
i of the counties of the State, and making the
same provisions for cities and counties as for
■ counties. By so doing it is manifest that it
i was the intention of the Legislature that its
provisions should be operative In San Fran
cisco. The city and county of San Francisco
was the only political subdivision of the State
j in which any board other than the Board of
Supervisors had the control and management
of elections, and as was said in Staude' s case,
we know judicially that it was the only city
and county in the State. To the extent, there
fore, that these amendments are Inconsistent
with or variant from the provisions of the act
of March 18, 1878, the latter is superseded, and
the city and county is subject to and controlled
by the provisions of the Political Code.
By the act of IS7B the Board of Election
Commissioners was required to divide the city
and county into
a A. election precincts
I "as soon after
I each general elec-
I tion as convenl-
I ent, not to exceed
I ninety days." By
I the amendment to
I section 1127 of the
I Political Code the
i^i^i^i^i^i^iSi^i^i^i^i^i^iV i- Mil Is required
to divide the City
and covnty into election precincts "as soon be
fore a general election as is convenient.". Sec
tion 1129 of the Code as originally enacted grave
to the Board of Supervisors in each county au
thority "from time to time to change the boun
daries of, create new or consolidate established
precincts." But there was no provision in
the act of IS7S for charging the boun
daries of the election precincts when once
made, until after another general election. Sec
tion 1129 was, however, amended ■In . ISB9 to
read as follows:
"The Board of Supervisors or other board
having charge and control of elections in each
of • the counties and cities of the State may
from time to time change the boundaries of,
create new. or consolidate ■ established pre
cincts; provided, that there shall always be as
many precincts as shall be sufficient to make
the number of votes polled at any one pre
cinct to be not more than 200 as nearly as can
be ascertained." Under this section, as thus
amended, the authority of the Board of Elec
tion Commissionere of Sun Francisco to con
solidate established precincts prior to the adop
tion of the amendment to section 6 of, article
XI of the constitution, in IS9B. Is without ques
tion, and unless that amendment has taken
from them this authority they must be held
to. have been authorized to consolidate the
precincts for the purposes of the elections
herein considered. >.",.'-■
Elections Under
the old
State Laws.
In 159G the above clause in section 6 of article
XI was amended to read as follows: "Cities
or towns heretofore or hereafter organized, and
all charters thereof framed or adopted by au
thnrlty of this constitution, except In municipal
affairs, shall be subject to and controlled by
general laws." It is contended by the ap
pellants that the elections for Freeholders and
upon the adoption of the charter proposed by
th?m were "municipal affairs." and were,
therefore, not subject to or controlled by gen
eral laws.
Th» construction of the section as thus
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
amended involves a determination of the mean
ins to be Riven te
-4 + the term "mv
nioipal affairs."
as used therein.
The term "af
fair" is a word of.
■wide import. and
has been held to
be more compre
hensive than the
word "business."
Meaning of
the Words
Municipal Affairs.
. .-■ c Mt irrison vs,
Bachert. 112 Fa. St. 322.) Although it may be
difficult to Rive a definition ■ a "mu
nicipal affairs." as used in th4s Bection, which
will be exhaustive of precise, it cannot be
that the effort ot the amendment Is to pre
clude the Legislature from enaotins laws
relating to matters which might, be made the
subject of municipal control, or that all mu
nicipalities from all general law«
which the Legislature may enact. It ha:- been
ntly that it may be said to
have become a maxim in Jurisprudence thaf
a municipal corporation has onl> such |
as are given to it by Its charter, and that it
must find authority in its charter or under
fome general law for every municipal act
which it may perform. The municipal affairs
of any individual municipal corporation are.
therefore, such affairs only as that municipal
lty has the power to engage ;n or perform, and
the municipal affairs of one city may vary
greatly from those ot any other city— and this,
too, whether the charter of the city hi
confemd upon it bj the Legislature, or has
been framed by a Board of Freenoldeni of its
own choice, and afterward adopted by its citi
zens and approved by th>- Legislature. In
either case the municipality -•■ only
tiif powers found in Its charter. If. h ■
the charter of .1 city, whether civ.-!i to it by
the Legislature prior to th< constituti
1579, or frame.! by n B lard of Freeh >1 lers, con
tains no pn.visinn In reference to subjects which
mipht have been Included therein, that city or
Its inhabitants, is not. thereby freed from legis
lative control. The Legislature Is vested with
ihe law-making power ol the state, and th-
Keneral laws passed by it have force in all
parts of thr- Stnt^ unless by virtue of some pro
vision In th" constitution such effect is limited,
or the law-making power has been I
elsewhere.
A city oinnnt claim to he exempt from gen
eral laws relating to municipal affairs r
is no provision relating to such affairs in the
charter under which it is a. tint:, whether such
charter is Ine frame. l by Itself or was given
1 1 it !•■ the ! egislature. It' in framing
charter its Board of Freeholders should mako
no provision for ;i public library, or :
improvement of its streets, ihe peneril laws
upon those sul'jecta would be operative with
in that city. It is not within the constitu
tional power of the Legislature, by approving
a Freeholders" charter which fails to make
provision upon subjects pertaining to munici
pal affairs, to exempt that city from belnß
subject to legislative control in referen
those subjects. n..r can the city secure exemp
tion from such control by omitting to mnke
such provision in its charter. If by adopting
a charter whi< h failed to give to it power
to act upon affair- which are properly munici
pal a city could be freed from any legislative
control in reference to those affairs, eitl
itself or by the Legislature, that city would
become a veritable Alsatla.
Tnder these considerations it must he held
that the exception in the above clause In
tion 6 Of article
" . there
by
mem of I s :"'.. ap-
I . tiiy to such
municipal affairs
as ate within the
ticuiar muntcipal-
lty to perform.
General Laws
Control
Municipalities.
~ ~ and that every
city in the State
is subject to and controlled by general" laws re
lating to municipal affairs, unless by virtue
of some provision of the charter under which
it exists and Is acting such municipal affairs
may be engaged in and performed by it. Th»
clause is to receive a distributive construction,
and is to be read as if its language were:
"Any city or town heretofore or hereafter or
ganized, and every charter thereof framed or
adopted by authority of this constitution, ex
cept in its municipal affairs, shall be subject
to and controlled by general laws."
We have seen that the provisions of the act
of March 18, 1878, relating to the division of
San Francisco into election precincts were
superseded by the amendments to the Political
Code in ISS9. and that from that date these
provisions of the Political Code constituted the
only law upon that subject which was appli
cable to San Francisco. It may be conceded
that each of the elections herein considered.
as well as the creation or consolidation of the
precincts at which the elections were held, la
a "municipal affair," but. as since the amend
ment to the Political Code in 1889 there has
been no provision in the charter of San Fran
cisco relating to the creation or consolida
tion of election precincts, the city was subject
to and controlled by the general laws exist
ing In reference thereto. Section 1139 Of the
Political Code was in force within the city
and county of San Francisco at the dates of
these elections, and under " this section the
consolidation of the election precincts for th«
purpose of these elections was within the
power conferred upon the Board of Election
Commissioners.
Inasmuch as the board had the power to
consolidate the precincts "from time to time."'
as might seem
■ proper, this pow-
H<' r was not dl
■ minish>-il or It
Bcx-TiiP" impair
■ 0.l by the fact
Ht:< it the board
■ purported to ex
■ tee it under
■ the act of 1937.
f it !. i.l author
ity to consolidate the election precincts irre
spective of this statute. it had the right to
adopt its provisions in this respect as the
basis of its consolidation, even though the
Legislature had no authority to enact the
statute. It is unnecessary, therefore, to de
termine whether this statute is obnoxious to
the charge of being special legislation, or
whether it was within the power of the Legis
lature to enact.
The provision in section 1129 that the pre-
4
Authority to
Consolidate
City Precincts.
4 ■ ♦>2
NEW CHARTER UPHELD BY SUPREME COURT.
clnrts shall be sufficient "to make the number
of votes polled at any one precinct to be not
mora than two hundred, as nearly as can be
Hscvrtained," Is not to be regarded as Jurlsdlc
tior.a.l, but Is merely directory. -The concluding
clause, "as nearly as can be. ascertained,
Bhows that much It left to the discretion of
the board; and, In the absence ■•■< any show-
Ins that by reason of a failure to observe this
direction the mesa of the election or the
completeness of the vote was affected, the act
of the board in making the consolidation must
be upheld The finding, of the court that at
leapt one week before either election was held |
n written notification was mailed to each and
every elector In the city and county whose j
name appeared upon the register. Informing
luni specifically of the exact location of the
poll Inj; place In his ppednl election precinct,
and enclosing therewith a sample of the ballot
t.-i he used at said election, takes away all •
claim of any want of notice to voters. it Is
not claimed that the board acted in bad faith,
or that any citizen was deprived of his vote,
the only claim being that by reason of the
registered vote within each of said precincts
being; much greater than two hundred, the
board must be presumed to have abused Its
discretion In consolidating the precincts In the
manner '■ did.
We need not determine whether this pro
vision in section 1129 is to be construed as re
quiring the registered vote to he the criterion
for fixing the extent of the precincts, or
whether the board had the right to fix their
extent upon its estimate of the number of
registered votes which would be polled at the j
election. The wording of the section Is such :
that the board mieht act In (rood faith in mak- j
Ing the number of precincts such as In their j
opinion would make the number if votes which
would be polled at each precinct pot more than
two hundred. It was competent for any citi
zen, If he deemed the boundaries of the pre
cincts to be In violation of this clause In the
section, to seek their correction prior to the
ejection^ He ought not after the election has
taken place to b' 1 allowed to Impeach it upon
this pround alone, unless he can show that by
reason thereof a fair election was prevented.
There Is no express provision In the act Of
to^iH^Bi^iMi^m't".' r, to be had
r special elec-
and a con-
, ■ of th»
act leads
the conclusion
such regls-
Is not au-
■. } Section
1 " of the net re- I
the Boards I
Precinct Reg
tlon to meet |
g five
days h"for<> the flay fixed for this act for the
cessation ct registration of electors In said
city and county, and to sit in open session
from 3 o'clock a. m. of »ach lay until the day
Of such cessation. " and by section 12 they are
required to continue registration of voters
within their respective precincts "until the
time provided by law for registration to
cease," and by section 24 to deliver the pre
cinct reelsters to the Registrar "not later than
three full .lays after the cessation of registra
tion, a* provided by law." Section 2S declares:
"Fifteen days before a general election all
registration or enrollment of voters shall
cease, and the precinct registers as they stand
Fhall be the precinct registers for said ensuing
election and until the next general election."
subject only to chances in certain cases: and
Bt the close of this section It Is provided that
changes and additions to said precinct regis
ters for use at other than general elections
Jiiay be made after the general election, and
prior to any special election, "under the reg
ulations fixed hy the Board of Election Com
missioners."
I'nder a proper construction of these provi
sions registration for a peel a] election is to
be made under regulations fixed by the Board
of Election Commissioners, and need not be
ir.a.ie in the several precincts. The provision
in section 33 that th» additional names shall
be "noted upon the reglsti-r for each special
flection thereafter, or add.d In supplements
thereto, nnd confirmatory so far ap the same
Is nppltcahle to the provisions of the law gov
f-rninz the making of the general election reg
ister." hns reference to the manner of prepar
ing the precinct registers for use at the »p •
cl.il elections, nd not to the mode of registra
tion. The provision in this section that after
the voter has been Wally registered In the
pre.-in<n register he may vote i n such precinct
at any election taking place before the next
general election was for the pun»>se ■I' giving
Mm the right to vote at such election without
renewing his registration, nnd not for the pur
pose of defining the place at which be should
vote. His right to rote in the same precinct
Is- subordinate to the right of the Board of
TTl'Ttlon Commissioners to consolidate that
precinct with others, and Is not Impaired by
Fuch f-r.larKement of its boundaries and fixing
n different polling-place within the boundaries
thus extended.
A consideration of the spirit and object of
ihe act of ISTS leads also to the same conclu
sion. The main purpose of the act. as shown
by Its provisions, was to secure a full leglstra
tlnn of the voters of the city, With as little in
convenience tn them as was practicable. For
this purpose the act provides an extended pe
riod for registration at the "ft •■ of the Regis
trar, within which voters may be enrolled, and
that at the close of this pt-riod those who hare
been unable to avail themselves or this oppor
tunity may resort/to some designated place
within thMr respective prvcincts, and there be
registered. To still further accommodate the
voters, they are not required to present them
selves for precinct registration within th* usual
hours for public offices, but the act provides
that the Boards of Precinct Registration shall
Fit in open session each day of their session
until in o'clock p. m.
It must be assumed that in this mode the reg
lMratlonfor^ajrenera^electlon will contain the
H names of all who
H are qualified to
■ vote, and. as the
■ registers thus pre-
H pared Tor use at
H the general elec-
H ttnn are to be used
■ at all special elec
■ tlons that may be
■ held before an
■ other general eIec
■HHHHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIM tion, with such
additions as may be made thereto, there is no
manifest reason for requiring precinct registra
tion in connection with any special election
and, In the absence of direct provision therefor'
it should be held that It la not required. The
fpw .changes or additions that may be desired
ar» readily to be made at the office of the Reg
istrar under the regulations of the Board of
Election Commissioners..
The omission of the Board of Election Com
missioners to appoint for each precinct as many
officers of election as it was authorized to ap
point (a proposition upon which we pass no
opinion) does not authorize the election to be
erl aside. Such mission was but an irregu
liritv. and it is not shown that It had any
effect upon the election, either in the number
of votes thftt are cast, or In the correctness of
their canvass and return.
• The Judgment and order are affirmed
Harrison, justice.
AVo concur:
BEATTY, Chief Justice.
' -HKVSIHW
■*• — *
For Registration
and
Special Elections.
4 +
♦ , +.
1
No Reason to I
Disturb
The Charter.
4. 1
ANOTHER WAY
TO THE SAME
CONCLUSION
in Mfir.K.
M. V. FragleT, plaintiff and appellant, vs
BIG FLOODS
of orders followed our last week's announcement Apologies extended
those who were delayed. Additional teams and help insure dispatch now
• Goods and prices for this week, as below, merit equal attention. Do
not miss this buying opportunity.
WASHOUTS.
SUGAR — , Extract of Beef. Cudahy's star brand. 2 oz jar
Spreckols' fine dry granulated (limit *2), p..*^ Jar V-' 'V VV. ......"... 35
21 lbs $100 Cocoa - Stollwerck'B best German. 1-lb cans, sr,c;
. Hongkong dry granulated, only in'ieo-'lb s.J'J.. 0 ! 11 ?.""''! VV •••• 30
!. sacks • ' ' 475 Saralnes, 4 tins, imported, for 25
Special Golden Coffee 'sugar! 'sweet '"lbs 106 'S'oj !( j Eastern. choice. guaranteed sound.
oor^n ',g
FLOUR — Prp ' d ln srirne Places as California Ranch.
Any best brand In market, bag 87% c; SOAP —
' O U r b So^on'^r;' b ' a g'7ocrb'arre'i:: $ i 5 B °o "^S^rSf bars brown BOap - „
One bag whole - wheat flour, or Graham. co ; Cream Savon. Jumbo size.' none" finer 05
Our Mothers 50-lb sacks .89 1 Fancy bars, double wrapped, ™:"": 02
RICE — Coffee, our millionaire 40c grade, special this
. Fair. No 3in quality, 8 lbs 25 Tea, our ROc Mara viiia Ceylon' "none finer" Rri°
Fancy Eastern head rice, per lb 6', I clal this week to try .. "
new crop- s To w^i. a K,?"^r:.'™^:.^*ir^! 1Ik 2 !
■ Raisins, In bulk, -lean and good. 4 1b5.... 25 RESERVED
Sunta Clara prunes, per lb 03 »■ u» * .
Walnuts. pap»r-?heli, per lb 20 . Rlßht reserved to limit quantities above to or- !
Almond!!. p3per-thell, per lb 15 ' llnnrv family requirements.
. Citron, I«emon and Orange peel, per lb.. 13 I Free delivery city and three times dally across
berries, few more Cape Cod. gallon.. 25 i tne b * v In any quantity. Ask for price list
French Peas, per tin.. 12U gale of rubber shoes, dress goods hams
Only lot new Baby Tooth Corn In city. sateen*, hosiery and other wearing 'apparel ad
per tin..... 09 vertlsed continues this week. w a "
. New pack, gallon tins, tomatoes 19 tfi fpticivp -mm
. Pure food Jams in large glass jar., our TELEPHONE 1840.
pack 10
New peaches, delicious, whole, per lb 03 '
Pur», fresh, sweet lard, 10-lb tins 85 ; ' L'^ !*JS B 8 B WWW *
Eas-t^rr rolled oats, fr.-sh. 11 lbs 2"i ! t>c''A» BJ^cBI TM&k
Highland fine larpe, 4 Cream, por tin .'. 10 ft S*9|j MH rl Ka Ml ■fe»
XIX • 're-am, per tin 10 tt B B < *iS
10-lb Mirkp whole wheat or graham flour.. 17 Jitf ffi r A Q Hwe \_BF
■ Imported olive oil. gallon tin5. ....... .....tl 65 ' - M^*^ ■• .• ■" ■ ■■ am :^ar
• 5 gallon tins American salad oil 290 /f"^ Ak A 9 ■ '^fxibhi jT%. b««v m*
Gallon tins pie fruit, assorted, dozen.... 235 *- k\ Jfe M Hi EIB B^
Salmon In half-barrels, new, choice 400 j * »^*» «B %& 0 %Jf fT 8.
CRACKERS— 1 THE BIG STORE AT THE PERRY,
• 20 lb sire box. extra sodas... 49 j 9S-97 Mf*t*lsf»i- «i*-
-10 lb size box, extra Pilot bread 50 ■*** ■** * I'lal XCI Oli
James D. Phelan ft al., defendants and re
spondents:. Fan Francisco, No. 8048,
This is an action brought by a taxpayer by
Injunction against the Board of Election Com
missioners and other municipal officers of the
city and county of San Francisco to restrain
the expenditures of certain public moneys for
the conduct and carrying on of an election in
said city and county. The primary and direct
purpose of the litigation Is to test the validity
of the new charter of the city and county of
Pan Francisco, which is to take effect January
1. 1900.
The State Legislature of 1897 placed upon the
statute books an act which may be called "The
Charter Election Act." it is entitled "An act
in relation to elections held under the authority
of section 8 of article XI of the constitution,
to elect Boards of Freeholders or to vote upon
proposed charters or upon amendments to ex
isting- chartcrv" The election to secure a
Board of Freeholders In this city to draft a
charter and the election subsequently held to
ratify the action of that Board of Freeholders,
were" held under the aforesaid act The man
ner of holding and conducting these elections,
while in strict conformity with the act, was
widely at variance with the provisions of the
general law as to the manner and conduct of
holding elections "in the city and county of
Han Francisco; and It Is now claimed that
these elections as held were absolutely void by
reason of the unconstitutinnaltty of the statute
under which they were held, and that the elec
tions |.«lnp void, therefore the new charter 13
a void and barren Instrument.
The parties now attacking the constltutlonal-
Ity of this act of the Legislature rest the entire
results of the litl-
gatlon upon that
H: attack, conceding
I ' in open court that
they have no cms-
j If that statute be
a valid and con-
BtltutlonsJ law.
; They Insist that
H. the act Is uncon
■4- stltutlonal In this
Some Points
of the
Legal Attack.
that It is vlola
tlve of section 6 of article XI of the constitu
tion, of -the State. That part of section 6 arti
cle XI of the constitution here directly In
volved reads: "Cities and towns heretofore or
hereafter organized and all charters thereof
framed and- adopted by authority of this con
stitution, except in municipal affairs, shall be
subject to and controlled by general laws." It
is • now claimed that thes? two elections, to
which reference has already been made were
"municipal affairs" within the meaning of the
constitution, and therefore, not subject to and
controlled by general laws, in this connection
It Is then claimed that said act of 1&97 is a
general law attempting to deal with and con
trol "municipal affairs," and for that reason
vlolatlve of this constitutional prohibition. As
a second contention it is asserted that th!»
statute Is special legislation and also lacking
in uniformity of operation. We at once pass t.i
an examination of these constitutional objec
tions.
The solution of the questions thus presented
largely revolves around the meaning of the
v ■ r«ls "except in
H m v n 1 c I pal a: -
H'.l:> " as these
are used in
h e constitution
H': (he State. The
Hi'hrnse formed by
1 words has a
Hni';u'i!'!>; and a
H:>- st significant
■nnr. This is ap
|l';n'"!U when We
pause a moment to consider that this single
phrase forms the subject-matter of an amend
ment to the constitution of the State. The
relationship existing between a State and it*
municipalities Is bo close that it may be said
every city ordinance and every State statute is
a matter of interest to both State and municipal
ity. It may be said that all State affairs are a
matter of substantial interest to the mu
nicipality, nnri that likewise all municipal af
fairs ire a matter of concern to the State.
Yet those interests are Identical and Indirect,
and the meaning of this phrase necessarily
takes a narrower scope. Indeed, in the very
wording of the constitutional provision itself
we find that all matters of legislation per
taining to and bearing upon municipalities do
no' come within t'«? significance of the words
What Certain
Words
Really Mean.
"municipal affairs. " as used in the constitu
tion. A mere glance at the provision demon
strates this fact. The constitution provides
that cities and towns, "except as to municipal
affairs." shall be subject to ..n 1 controlled by
general ':.■' It Is I ere plainly indicated that
a" vast amount of legislation pertaining to
cities and towns dees not come under the
classification of "municipal affairs."
For the purpose of setting at the true sig
nificance of these words then Is no brighter
light to he shed upon them than I? disclosed
by a consideration of the reasons which moved
the legislature to propose the amendment and
the pei.ple to adopt It. What was the evil to
be remedied? What was the good to be gained
by this amendment? The answer Is common,
everyday history. It was to prevent existing
provisions of charters from being frittered
away by general laws, which would repeal
these provisions by Implication. It was to en
able municipalities to conduct their own busi
ness and control their own affairs to the full«s.t
possible tent in their own way. I; was en
acted upon the principle that the municipality
itstelf knew better what it wanted and needed
than did the State at large, and to give that
municipality the exclusive privilege and right
to enact direct legislation which would carry
out and itisfy its wants and neefs. These
are a few of the reasons wnich give
occasion for this concise but all-significant
amendment to section 8 of article XI of the
constitution of the State. This amendment,
then, was Intended to give municipalities the
sole right to regulate, control and govern their
internal conduct independent of general laws;
and this internal regulation and control by
municipalities form those "municipal affairs"
spoken of in the constitution.
Municipal affairs, as those words are used
in the oraitnic law. refer to the Internal busi
ness affairs of a municipality. It was the in
ternal business affairs of municipalities then ex
isting and those of municipalities to be here
after created that the constitutional amend
ment was framed to meet. There Is absolutely
no sound reason why Freeholders' charters
should not be framed and ratified under gen
eral laws. There Is a multitude of sound rea
sons to be urged why the conduct and pro-
lure of elections for the election of Free
holders and ratification of charters should be
held under general laws. No Bound policy ex
ists demanding special legislation upon such
a subject-matter. As far as there has been
given us light to nee, neither the Legislature
nor the people ever thought of such a thing as
the adoption Of charters when they placed the
words "municipal affairs" in the organic law.
In defining the phrase "county affairs" the
court said In Hawkins vs. Mayor, 84 N. V.. 22.
"County affairs are those relating to the county
in It? organic and corporate capacity and In
cluded' within Its governmental or corporate
powers." Tested by this rule elections held as
preliminary steps toward the creation of a
Freeholders' charter are not municipal af
fairs.
The city and county of San Francisco Is a
municipality. The municipal affairs of this
B^B^B^B^B^B^B^B^B^B^B^B^BJ municipality are
■ a multitude, cor
■ f-rlng its business
■ trans actions.
■ These business
■ matters are the
■ municipal affair?
■ of the present mv
■ nicipality, but th*
■ drafting an 1 rat)
--■ ficatlon of a new
■ charter Is not one
The Will of the
People
Must Prevail.
THE SAN FEA^CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1899.
of Its business .matters. The conduct of the
present municipality's business affairs has
nothing to do with the question of the creation
of a new municipality. The new municipality
will have municipal affairs of its own after it
Is created, and not before. The old munici
pality performs its functions when it ( \rries on
the business intrusted to It. A* a mi (clpallty
It has no voice In saying whether or ot there
shall he a new charter. In that ms .ter It is.
wholly passive. If its inhabitants sny to It,
"Stay with us yet a while," it slays. ; If they
Bay, "Your days are ended; you have outlived
your usefulness; stand aside." it makes no pro
test. The decree of the people Is its will. A
municipal affair pertains to something ..which
may be done by the municipality. The creation
of a new charter is a matter not placed in the
hands of the municipality, but in the hands of
the inhabitants thereof, with the consent of the
State. *
As the Legislature alone has the power to
approve a charter, it Inherently, in . the ab
sence of constitutional prohibition; must have
th. power to prescribe the terms, conditions and
mode upon which it will give its approval; and, !
If an election la made necessary by the consti
tution as a condition precedent to the validity
of the charter, the legislature has -the power
to say what shall be the nature of that elec
tion, and how it shall be conducted. And such
power it gives It the right to • say how* many
voting precincts shall be used upon election day.
and what shall be the manner and time for
registration. ,
Viewing this question from another angle. It
seems that the creation of a charter is not
■JPJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJ • . sontiai'.y a " 1
Hal":'.'- a municipal
■ aiTulr. It is a
■ State affair, and
H that fact Is rec-
Hcpnized in unmls
■ takable terms by
■ the State when
■ the constitution
■ demands that the
Bsi,'.;- Legislature
approve the In
strument by a majority vote; and until such
approval it has no life. Notwithstanding all
the people of the municipality with a single
voice may ask for a new charter, yet the
State, by and through its Legislature, may
deny that request. The Legislature stands as
the representative of the sovereign power of
the State, and has the arbitrary right to grant
or refuse charters to municipalities. A grant ]
of a charter to a municipality is a grant of
no such power. It la a delegation of a certain
amount of power to the municipality
theretofore vested in the State. It la
a parting with a portion of its sover
eignty. It la for this reason that the
State through Its Legislature must breathe into
the charter th% breath of life; and If the State
withhold its breath such action Is beyond all
review. When the constitution vested this om
nipotent power in the Legislature, it would
seem that the frarners of that Instrument
deemed the creation of a municipal corporation
a State affair of the greatest import.
In speaking of the general principle here in
volved Judge Conley says, in People v. Hurlbut.
24 Mich., 14: "There is no doubt of the right
of the State to do any of these things; not by
virtue of any general authority to take to its -if
the management of the local concerns, but be
cause the Inauguration and modification of
local government ran only be provided for
without confusion and Injustice by the aid of
the guiding and assisting hand of the authority
that creates and modifies. The right In the
State is .i right, not to run and operate the
machinery of local government but to provide
for and put it In motion." This seems to be
the very principle recognized by the framers
of the constitution and carried into effect by
the aforesaid amendment to that instrument.
And it may well be said that while general
legislation as to municipal affairs is there pro
hibited, yet. at the same time the very same
Beet ton ot the constitution reserves to the State,
not the right "to run and operate the machin
ery of local government," but the right to pro
vide for and put the machinery Into motion.
In •■ pie vs. City of Oakland, 123 Cal., 604, It
is held that a general law providing for the
manner of annexing adjacent territory to a
municipality did not deal with "municipal af
fairs," and was, therefore, without constitu
tional objection. It would seem that the add
ing of adjacent territory to a municipality and
bringing the Inhabitants of that territory with
in the government of the municipality was a
matter of great moment and interest to the
municipality. Yet it was held not to be such
a municipal affair as contemplated by the con
stitution. Thip court there said: "As the
Legislature alone has the power to authorise
such annexation, it must have the power to
prescribe the terms, conditions and mode of
annexation." This language applies with full
force to Che question under discussion In the
case at bur.
The charter act of 1*97 Is neither special legis
lation, nor does It lack uniformity of operation.
_________________________________ The title of the
H act Itself stamps
■ the law as gen
■ eral legislation.
H The title purports
H upon its face to
H deal with a class
■of municipalities
H created by section
■ s of article XI of
■ the constitution.
ijIJIJIJIJIJIJIJIJIJIJIJ Legislation bear-
Ing upon a constitutional class of municipali
ties Is not special legislation. The authorities
In this State without exception bo declare the
law. Again, the act applies to all municipali
ties that are authorized to adopt freeholder
charters. Such municipalities Intrinsically
constitute a class In themselves and probably
even in the absence of constitutional classifi
cation could be dealt with by general laws,
but In view of the constitutional classification
It cannot be denied for a moment but that
legislation relating to such a class Is both
general and uniform. iMintr.er vs. Schilling, 117
Cal., mi. > .
It Is not a light thing to set aside an act
of the Legislature, and the rule Is elementary
that, unless It is perfectly plain that such act
is vlolatlve of constitutional provisions, a court
will uphold It. With the policy of the legislation
found In the act the court has nothing to do.
This legislation may be wise or unwise. That
Is a matter with which the court has no con
cern. It Is for us alone to deolare the law
void or valid and that declaration must rest
upon the test, namely. Is this act clearly viola
tlve of some constitutional provision? In other
words, the real question here Is. Does it plainly
and clearly appear that these two elections con
stituted "municipal affairs," within the mean-
Ing of these words as used In the constitution?
In view of what has been said, we are not
prepared to make that declaration.
The judgment and order are afllrmed. '
We concur: GAROUTTE, J.
VAX DYKE. J.
McFARLAND, J.
t— : — ♦
The Charter Was
Created
by the State.
■
4 1
4 <•
No Reason to
Disturb
The Enactment.
* i
THE COUNTY
OFFICIALS
MUST ALL GO
In Bank.
Henry S. Martin r-t al., appellants, vs. The
Board of Election Commissioners of the City
and County of Pan Francisco et al., respond
ets. B. F. No. 1974.
This action is in some measure connected
with that of Fragley vs. Phelan, S. F. No. 204,.
involving the validity of the Freeholders' char
ter. Just decided.
In the complaint of the plaintiffs it is stated:
"That this action is not designed or intend
ed to impeach the validity of the said charter
in any respect other than to have it adjudged
herein that the provisions of said charter, con
cerning the county officers of said city and
county of San Francisco, are in open and fla
grant conflict with the constitution of the
State of California, are an invasion of and an
infringement upon the sovereignty of said
State, are a revolutionary usurpation of power,
and are a palpable violation of the law adopted
by the Legislature of said State, in obedience
to the constitution, and entitled. "An act to
establish a uniform system of county and town
ship government,' approved April 1, • 1857."
A demurrer to the complaint was sustained by
the court below, and plaintiffs declining to
amend Judgment was entered In favor of the
defendants, from which Judgment this appeal
Is taken.
The provisions of the Freeholders' charter
concerning the so-called county officers in
whose behalf this action is prosecuted were
Inserted in said charter In pursuance of the
amendment to article XI of the constitution,
concerning counties, cities and towns, and Is
entitled section * : 2 , adopted in 1896. By that
amendment It in declared: "It shall be com
petent, in all charters framed under the au
thority given by section 8 of article XI of
this constitution, to provide. In addition to
those provisions allowable by this constitution
end by the laws of the State, as follows: 4.
• • • "\Vher« a city and county government
has been merged- and consolidated into one
municipal government it shall also be compe
tent in any charter framed under said section
8 of said article XI to provide for the manner
In which, the times at which, and th» terms
for which the several county ofilcers shall be
elected or appointed, for their compensation,
and for the number of deputies that each shall
have, and for the compensation payable to
each of such deputies. •
By the act of the first legislature dividing
the State into counties, passed February 18,
b^b^b^b^b^b^b^b^b^b^b^bb l^A the County
■ of San Francisco
■ was bounded on
■ the north by the
■ San Franelsquito
■ Creek, and from
■ the head of said
■ creek due west
■ to the ocean, an.;
■ three miles there
■ In; and on the
■ northerly end in
cluding all or tne present city and county
counties lying to the south being Santa Clara
and Branclforte; the latter was chanced sub
sequently to the county of Santa Cruz. » *
At the name session of the Legislature an
act was passed, April 15, 1850, to incorporate
the city of San Francisco. The southern boun
dary line of said city, as thus • incorporated t
waß two miles distant from the center of
Portsmouth square, and "parallel to the street
known as Clay street," and the western boun
dary was a line a mile and a half in a west
erly direction from Portsmouth square, "and
parallel to a street known as Kearny. street."
The act provided for a : complete organization
and a full set of officers for the city, inde
pendent of the county officers of the county of
San Francisco. The acts creating the county,
and also the city, were amended at subsequent
t r
How the Counties
Were
First Created.
— _ f
seßsioDS of the Legislature, and, April 19. 1856.
an act was passed "tv repeal the several char
ters of the city of San Francisco, to establish
the boundaries of the city and county of Pun
Francisco and to consolidate the government
thereof." By the first section of said act it
is> provided that "the corporation or body poll
tic and corporate, now existing and known as
the city of San Francisco, shall remain and
continue to be a body politic and corporate In
name and in fact, by the name of the city and
county of San Francisco, and by that name
shall have perpetunl succession, may sue and
defend in all courts and plac.-s, and in all
matters and proceedings whatever, and may
have and may use a, cummon seal; an 1
the same may alter at pleasure, and may pur
chaso, receive, hold and enjoy real and per- |
sonal property, and sell, convoy, mortgage and I
dispose of the same for thS common benefit."
By the second section it is provided that "the
public buildings*, lands and property, all rights
of property and riphts of action, and all
moneys, revenues and Income belungins or
appertaining either to the corporation of the
city of Pan Francisco, or to the county of San
Francisco, are hereby declared to be vested
in, and to appertain to, the .;ald city and coun
ty of San Francisco; and the moneys in the
treaesury of said city, and in the treasury of
said county of San Francisco, and all the reve
nues and Income from whatsoever source aris
ing, including delinquent taxes upon persons
and property appertaining to the t-ald city or
to the said county, shall be handed over, paid
and received Into the treasury of the city and
county of San Francisco as a part of the gen
t-ral fund."
The boundaries of the new municipal corpo
ration designated as the city and county of
S a n Francisco
were fixed as at
present, and there
was formed out of
the southern por
tion of the county
of Sun Francisco
the county Of Ban
Mateo, and the
eighth section of
the act dividing
1 "t
City and County
Made
One Corporation.
| 1
the State into
counties, providing for the formation of the
county of San Francisco, was repealed. It waa
further provided in said act that the existing
provisions of law defining the powers and
duties of county officers, excepting those relat
ing to Supervisors, so far as the mime were
not repealed or altered by Bald act, should be
considered an applicable to the officers of said
city and county of San Francisco, and among
the enumerated officers to be elected for said
new municipal corporation were, In addition to
purely city officers, the officers formally desig
nated as county officers.
From the passage of the consolidation act to
the Constitutional Convention of 1878-9, the
city and county of Sen Francisco had been a
subdivision of the State, and as such, and by
that name and style organized and existing
as a body' politic and corporate. Its charter—
the consolidation act— had been added to and
amended, but the general form and substance
of the municipal government had not been
changed. And sine* the passage of the con
solidation act the county of San Francisco hnd
ceased to exist as a body politic or corporate,
Independently of and separate from the mu
nicipal corporation created by that act, and
known and designated as the city and county
of Pan Francisco.
One of the contentions on the part of the ap
pellants la that although the former city and
county were con
■♦ 4- soltdated t h •■> v
were not "merg
ed" within the
meaning of the
constitution. As
already shown,
the consolidation
act repealed the
various acts ere-
"Merged" as Meant
by the
Constitution.
4. L.
Ing the charter
of the city of Pan Francisco, as well as the pro
visions of the act creating the county of San
Franrisro: anil nil the funds and property of
every kind theretofore belonging either to the
rity or county became vested In and belonged
to the new municipal corporation knowji a* the
city and county of San Francisco. It would
ELATED OVER
THE DECISION
ON THE CHARTER
Great Republican Vote
Now Assured.
There was great rejoining- at Republi
can headquarters ln?t evening over the
newa thai the Supreme Court of the State
had sustained the new charter of San
Francisco. The chairman of the cam
paign committee remarked that the de
< isi<m would add 5i»M) names to the Repub
lican roll of voters.
The decision of the court clears the
political atmosphere. All doubt as to the
validity of the charter has been removed.
Pending the decision a little coterie of
demagogues without known political
principles assumed Borne sort of proprie
torship of the charter, but the court
knocks the last prop from under the pre
tended ownership. The charter now be
longs to the people. It is true that the
Intelligence and patriotism of Republi
cans were Invoked in tin- framing of the
charter; that Republican districts gave
the organic act the largest majorities, and
It is true likewlst that the charter was
ratified by a Republican Legislature.
Nevertheless, it now belongs to the whole
people, bearing in this respect the same
relation to the community that the consti
tution of the United Btates bears to the
whole country.
At th polls on November 7 the people
will-elect officers to administer atfairs of
government under the local constitution.
The party that succeeds at the polls will
1»- held responsible for th«- administration
of the city government The Republicans
have put forward Horace Davis for the
honor f serving .is the tlrst Mayor under
th.- new charter. The Democratic follow
ers of the Committee ol One Hundred
have placed James D. I'hrlan in the fteld
for the Mayoraltj and the People's party
enters the municipal contest under the
leadership of Dr. Cleveland. Democrats
an- divided in their allegiance. Some es
pouse the cause of Phelan and olhers Sup
port Cleveland. The Republicans are
solid for Horace Davis. There was some
wavering before the decision of the co'irt
was handed down, but now all Republi
cans appreciate the importance of the
contest and will lend their energies to
elect Horace Davis and the entire Repub
lican ticket.
The Democrats are divided now, but
trades may be made before election day
which will bring many of the wavering
Into line. Phelan and McNab counted fio
confidently on non-partisan and Repub
lican support that they did not, in mak
ing up the ticket, consult the delegateb
elected to the Democratic convention, but
on the contrary prepared the ticket as
early as September 15. The Call on that
date published the ticket. Before the
convention adjourned Democratic aspir
ants who did not take orders from McXab
knew that they had been duped and be
trayed. Many resolute Democratic voters
and especially those who rally around
the free silver standard of Bryan, believe
now that Democratic defeat in this
municipal contest would be better for the
party In the coming great campaign of
1900 than the success of the McNab-
Phelan dynasty. It Is highly probable,
therefore, that Dr. Cleveland, the nominee
of the People's party, will receive a large.
Democratic vote.
Phelan is already hard at work In his
efforts to conciliate the straight-out Dem
ocrats. Before the primary election he
declined to attend a meeting of the Demo
cratlc Central Club, on the ground that It
was a Buckley Democratic organization.
Since he learned that the Republicans
were everywhere lining up for Horace
Davis he has consented to address the
Central Club.
The Republicans are conducting a vig
orous, united and effective campaign. If
the leaders succeed in bringing out a full
Republican vote. Horace Davis will se
cure a handsome plurality for Mayor on
election day. The attendance at the great
Republican mass meeting at Metropolitan
Temple last Saturday night, and the suc
cess of the district meetings last night,
indicate that the people are alive to the
importance of the struggle.
To-night Horace Davis and other speak
ers will address the people of the Thirty
second Assembly District at the Pntrero
Opera-house. Mr. Davis will surely se
cure a gnat ovation from the working
men of that quarter of the city, as he is
a toiler himself. He has worked his own
way forward in life, unaided by inherited
millions. He is In touch and sympathy
with his fellow workers and deserves the
support of honest tollers.
A joint meeting of the voters of the
Forty-fourth and Forty-fifth Assemhly
Dletricts will be had at Garibaldi Hail
on Broadway to-night. Mr. Davis and
other candidates will address that meet-
Ing.
seem difficult to more effectively merge two
separate bodies into one. Besides, in the Con
stitutional Convention of ]S7S-!i the city and
county of Can Francisco was referred to and
treated as a merged and consolidated mu
nicipal government, and It was then, as now,
the only municipal government of that kind In
he State.
That portion of section 7 of article XI of the
constitution where merged and consolidated
municipal. governments are referred to has not
been changed Blnce It was reported to the
[Convention by the Committee on Municipal Cor
porations, an,d the debates show that the terms
there used referred to a municipal government
like that of the city and county of San Fran
:isco. During the debate on the various amend
merits proposed to that portion of section 7
referring to the two houses of legislation (since
annulled by constitutional amendment), Judge
Hager. the chairman of the committee, in re
plying, said: "I had no idea that this section
was going to create so much difficulty in the
convention or receive so much apparent oppo
sition. The section as drawn was intended to
be for the city of San Francisco." (Debates of
the Constitutional Convention, p. 1058.)
Those remarks of Judge Hager were not ques
tioned by any member, and it is fair, therefore,
a^ a^ a^ a^ a^ a^ a^ a^ a^ a^ a^ a _ to assume that
the convention
understood that
when using the
term "merged
and consolidated
into one munlcl-
pal government"
HI it had reference
at that lime only
v to tie city ami
county of San
Francisco, and also to any .similar consolidated
corporation that might thereafter be created.
When the following section, eight (then sec
tion 9), providing for freeholders' charters was
under debate, Judge Hager remarked: "This
applies strictly and only to the city and county
of San Francisco." (The section originally re
quired a population of more than 100.00 to en
title the inhabitants to such city to frame such
a charter.) He further said: "I cannot see
that any evil will come from it: we have this
peculiar government there, a consolidated city
and county government. I do not agree with
my friend from Sacramento that the tendency
is" to multiply offices. The tendency is to re
duce the number of offices. Instead of having
a set of city officers and a set of county of
ficer? they are consolidated. We have a Sheriff
who is the Sheriff of the county and of the city.
• • • We have a Tax Collector, and we have
an Auditor that acts for both; formerly we had
one for each. The tendency of an consolidated
government is to reduce the offices! from two to
one in every case, and reduce the expense in
every particular, and not, as the gentleman
said, for the purpose of multiplying offices
It is further contended by the appellant that
section 814 of article XI is invalid, for the rea
son that It was submitted to the people under
the general law passed March 7, 1&83, providing
for the submission of constitutional amend
ments, instead of being submitted specially by
the Legislature proposing the amendment.
(Stats. I&S3, 63.)  _.
This contention is entirely untenable. The
amendment to section 6 of the same article, by
Views of the
Late
Judge Hager.
the insertion vi
the words "ex
cept In municipal
affairs," was sub
mitted and adopt
ed at the same
time and in the
game manner as
section 8 1 ,-., now
under considera
tion, and the va
lidity of that
" t
The Contention
Is Not
Well Made.
amendment has been considered and sustained
by this court. Besides, there are many other
amendments that have been in like manner
submitted and adopted since the passage ot the
act of ISS3. There is no constitutional objection
to the passage of such an act. and that bring
the case. It is entirely proper for the Legisla
ture to provide by general, Instead or special,
legislation for submitting constitutional amend
ments to the people.
The causes leading- up to the adoption of con
stitutional amendment section BH are well
known. In the Freeholders' charter of the city
of Los Angeles provision was made for the es
tablishment of a Police Court and the election
of Judges thereof. In People vs. Teal, 85 Cal .
333. it was held by this court that sue* pro
vision of that charter was Invalid, for the rea
son that Inferior courts, Including Police
Courts, could only be established as provided
by article VI, concerning the judicial power of
the State, and that it 18 there provided that the
Legislature may establish Inferior courts in any
incorporated city or town, or city and county;
and this meant that an act must be passed
by the Legislature in the form and manner
prescribed in article IV, legislative department,
and that the. approval of the Freeholders' char
ter by a vote of the two houses of the Leg
islature was not equivalent to the passage of
a Itw as provided in said legislative article.
Hence the new section. Si* of article XI of the
constitution, subdivision 1, confers, in express
terms, the power to provide in Freeholders'
charters "for the constitution, regulation, gov
ernment and jurisdiction of Police Courts, and
for the manner In which,' the times at which
and the terms for which the Judges of such
courts shall be elected or appointed, and for
the compensation of such Judges and their
clerks and attaches." And to remove any
doubt that may have previously existed con
cerning the status of officers of the class prose
cuting this action in merged and consolidated
municipalities It Is further- expressly provided
In the amended section. 8%. that It shall be
competent In a Freeholders' charter of such
consolidated government to provide for the
election of such officers for such municipality.
There Is no room for doubt, therefore, as to the
purpose of the Legislature in proposing said
amended section S>« of article XI, or <•» the
people in voting upon and approving the same.
It Is contended, however, on the part of the
appellants that the provisions of said amended
section *'<>. un-
der consldpratlon,
cannot be carried ;
out, for the rea- i
son that it would
conflict with the
general law of
the State estab
lishing a uniform
system of county I
and township gov-
-► ♦-
No Conflict
With the
General Law.
i — 1
4 •>>
eminent; In other ,
words, that the law (and a Freeholders' char
ter adopted as provided for In th constitution
Is a law of the highest grade) cannot be
passed, although in pursuance of express
power granted by the constitution, because it i
may perhaps Infringe upon some other law.
The rule of construction invoked by appellants
seems to be that a provision in a law or con- I
stitution In reference to a particular matter Is
Inoperative and void if it be inconsistent with
the general provisions of said law or constitu- ;
tion. . The direct opposite is the true con
struction In such cases.
"The more specific provision controls, the gen
eral, without regard to their comparative
dates; the two acts, operating together, and
reither working the repeal of the other."
(Bishop's Written Laws, sections 112-128; Des
mond vs. Dunn." 5."i Cal.. 247; Dwarris on Stat- j
utes. 7CB; ' Cooler's Const. Llm., 63; Common
wealth vs. Council , f Montrose, 52 Perm. St., !
351; Coxe vs. State, I4t X. V., 336; People ex
rel. vs. Keller, 157 X. V.. 9T; State vs. Kelly. '
24 X. J. Law. 75; McOarsh vs. State, etc.. 34 ■■
X. .1. Law, .'O9; State vs. City of Trenton. 38
X. .1. Lew. 64: Crane vs. Reeder, 22 Mich., 323.)
Under this rule of construction it would be
Immaterial whether the general county gov-
• •rnmem act ap
plies to the coun- ■
ty of San Fran
cisco or not; for
although said new i
section B'4. of
article XI. may
conflict with other \
sections of the
same article, pro
viding for a uni
form svatpm nf
County Government
Act Does
Not Apply Here. !
i 1
county and township government. It would still
be valid as to the particular cases for which
It Is intended, for In such case the particular !
and the general both stand together, neither
abrogates the other, the former furnishing the
rule for the Freeholders' charter, the latter
for all other cases.
But the act establishing a uniform system
of county and township government does not !
and never has applied to the county of San
Francisco, in the sense claimed by the appel
lants. The first section provides that the sev
eral counties of this State, as they now exist,
and such others as may be hereafter organized.'
are bodies corporate and politic and as such
have the power specified In said act. Among
those are the power to sup and to be sued, to
purchase and hold land within its limits, to
make contracts, and purchase and hold per- '
sonal property as may be necssary to the exer- '.
cisc of its powers, to manage and dispose of
•its property as the Interests of its, lnhabitants
may require.' to levy and collect such taxes
.as urn authorized by law. Trip county of San
Francisco, as already shown, since the passage
of the consolidation act. has never, as such,
owned or possessed any property or performed
any of the acts of- a corporate body. Further, !
the general law provides that ■ "each county ;
must have a board of supervisors consisting of
five members." The county of San Francisco '
never has had such a board, or any board of
supervisors since, the consolidation act. The
general county government act also provides
for justices of the peace and constables In the ;
several townships of the county, and there are
no justices of the peace or constables in the I
townships of the county of San Francisco, since I
there are no townships In San Francisco. In !
fact. It Is toe obvious for question or argument
that the general law establishing- a uniform
system of county government does not apply to
the city and county of San Francisco. Further,
section 8 of article XI, as it now stands, de
clares that when said charter is approved as !
therein provided, "It shall become the charter i
of such city, ' or if such city he consolidated
with a county, then for such city and county '
and shall become the organic law thereof, arid
supersede any existing charter, and all amend- j
ments thereof, and all laws inconsistent with
such charter." .* A the section originally stood j
it read, "All special laws inconsistent with
such charter." The purpose of the amendment
is In line with other amendments to the other :
section* of the article in question, and would
seem to remove all doubt that such charters are
not subject to existing laws, whether general
or special. Judgment affirmed.
VAN DYKE, J.
We concur:
McFARLAXD, J.,
GAROUTTE. J.,
BEATTY. C. J.,
HARRISON. J.
I concur In the Judgment. . TEMPLE 3
I concur In the judgment solely on the ground I
DR. KILMER'S^SWAMP^ROOT^ -
THOUSANDS HAVE KIDNEY
TROUBLE AND DON'T KNOW IT
'J 5 •' '. r i ■ ' 'ft *\ I J l( offl R ffs^ 535 *"""""^
/; fl ,;{t;i U ' .■ j||j \£v*J . | M|
Swan)p-Rpot, The Great Kjdney F^eroedy.
• , — .
ITS MARVELOUS SUCCESS IN ALL KIDNEY, BLADDER
AND URIC ACID TROUBLES.
To Prove for Yourself tr;e Wonderful Merits of
Ttys New Discovery, Every "Call" Reader
May Have a Sample Bottle Sent Ab-
solutely Free by Mail.
What your kidneys need is a gentle, healing, tonic influence,
that will soothe their irritability and gently regulate them.
The only thing that will do this is Dp. Kilmer's Swamp- Root,
the Great Kidney Remedy.
It used to be considered that only urinary troubles were to be
traced to th; kidneys, but now modern science proves that nearly
'all constitutional diseases have their beginning in the disorder oi
these useful organs*
What more natural?
The Kidneys filter and purify the blood.
"When they don't your whole body tlon, loss of flesh, sallow complexion,
must suffer. If your water, when allowed to re-
If you are sick, doctor your kidneys, I main undisturbed in a glass or bottle
i because as soon as they are well they I for twenty-four hours, forms a sedi-
' will help all the other organs to health, ■ ment or settling or has a cloudy ap-
. The mild and extraordinary effect of pearance, it is evidence that your kid-
! Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the great neys and bladder need immediate at-
kidney remedy, is soon realized. It tention. ...
stands the highest for its wonderful j The famous new discovery, Swamp-
] cures of the most distressing cases and Root, has been tested in so many ways,
! is sold by druggists in fifty-cent and in hospital work, in private practice,
| one-dollar bottles. Make a note of the ! among the helpless too poor to pur-
name, SWAMP-ROOT, Dr. Kilmer's chase relief, and has proved so suc-
| Swamp-Root. I cessful in every case, that a special ar-
You may have a sample bottle of this rangement has been made by which all
famous kidney remedy sent free by j readers of The Call, who have not al-
mail, postpaid, by which you may test j ready tried it, may have a sample bot-
■ its virtues for such disorders as kid- tie sent absolutely free by mail. Also
: ney, bladder and uric acid diseases, and ' a book telling more about Swamp-Root
urinary troubles, obliged to pass water ' and containing some of the thousands
frequently night and day, smarting or j upon thousands of testimonial letters
irritation in passing, brickdust or sed- j received from men and women who owe
i iment in the urine, constant headache, j their good health, in fact, their very
• backache, lame back, dizziness, sleep- lives, to the wonderful curative prop-
lessness, indigestion, nervousness, skin i erties of Swamp-root. Be sure and
trouble, anaemia, Bright's disease, neu- I mention the San Francisco Dally Call
ralgia, rheumatism, bloating, irrita- when sending your address to Dr. Kil-
; bility worn-out feeling, lack of ambi- mer & Co., Binghamton, N. Y.
; that \hc constitutional amendment— section BVfc—
deflnltelj settles the question Involved in favor
! of the contention of respond)
MfFARLAXD, J.
Improved Order of Bed Men.
Greai Chief of Records Bllsa has re- 1
ceived from Past Grout Sachem Burgman
a fine photograph of the representatives
to the Great Council of the United States,
taken before the once residence of George I
Washington ai Mount Vernon.
The great chief of records has issued a ■
handy directory of all the tribes ami
councils. .The booklet also contains a
l/trTl Sfiakiior-madeW
H itl I 1111 '< SS^i "■& *4l iSI*
I H;!H 1 overcoats Jp-
I I■■ i^Snv^^s
B $ X^ I Let us send you samples of B
B . B our $io tailor-made overcoats. |l
■■■■■■■■I They are as distinct values as §§
H our $io suits, and the latter have a good repu- M
|3 tation for being a big moneys worth. g
1 If you are to get an overcoat this winter it B
C is time to buy it so as to get as much good-out B
■ of it as you can.
We will keep the overcoat in repair free for ||
I one year to show that we have confidence in if
I the overcoat even if the price is low. II
I S. N. WOOD & CO., I
1 718 Market Street and l M
I . • Corner Powell and Eddy. fel
great deal of matter of value to the mem
bership.
Great Junior Sagamore Holder and a
number of the members of Aunomas
Tribe have interested themselves in the
matter of organizing a new council of the
Degree of Pocahontas. They have already
secured the names of fifty petitioners for
a charter, and expect to have the council,
which will be called Xakomis, instituted
in a short time.
He — He that courts and runs away will
live to court another day.
She— But he that courts and does no*
wed. may find himself in court instead.BOERS CLAIM THEIR LOSS WAS LIGHT AT DUNDEE
FIRST MESSAGE FROM
THE TRANSVAAL CAPITAL
Says That But Ten Men Were Killed in
the Engagement Fought on
Friday,
PRETORIA, Oct. 21 (delayed in transmission))-
The Transvaal Government received tfys
morning the following dispatch frorr) Com
rr)ander General Piet Joubert :
"Commander Lucas Meier has hjad an en
gagement at Dundee. He made a plan of cam
paign witb Commandant Erasmus by messenger.
Erasrr)us, however, failed to appear.
"It is estimated trjat th;e British lost rjeavily.
Our forces suffered, but owing to the mist it f}as
been impossible to get all the details.
"It is reported that ten of our forces were
Killed and twenty-five wounded."
KRUGER IN
PERSON LEADS
THE BOERS
Continued from First Pace.
Fw->;it yelling forward, and the position
was won.
inwhile squadrons* of Lancers and
lapped around the Boer left
itching the enemy as they re
ler, goring and stamping them
the > ■■immando was not." I
The Daily Telegraph says: "General j
French commenced the action at 6:30 a. I
m. The enemy had only Just finished
coffee when they were surprised and j
prisoners were caught in
the vi( Inity .>f the captured train. The
i railway officials escaped from
and came in to us, to the num- :
f thirty-seven whites, besides many j
nativ< . i olies. Both of the latter
• bed and compelled to
by the Boers, the whites were
Lirly well, though they were
made Lth to remain neutral,
int. a native of < Jape
and came in with
•
Regiment, with the
: I :ritish in-
I ma itraight back at the j
n careless of taking cover,
hissing and spitting
I user bullets. Tommy Atkins
• • What? Hide from Yokels? ■
-
has its drawbacks as well
a? Its advantages, and our Boldiers who
Boer tactics are now
( readjusting the mistakes of th»
"Tho panorama was heightened and col
■ hue of sun flashes and
dong, roaring through the air ■
like tins in a tunnel, bursting'
■i spouting flame, lead and
■ .n in dropped into
Bion were
I t earth and a nimbus ,
mi ke.
: bed about over the rocks
\. tiring heavily at us!
rai y. for the magazine
Mauser rifle is a terrible weapon, although
. wounds. Many of them
"The Boer shells wore mostly porcus
and throw up volcanoes of mud and
about our gurs. It should be noted
■ especially on rocky ground, percus
shells give better results than high
ting shrapnel.
■ .■■: Scott-Chrisholm, of the Ira-
Light Horse, courted disaster by
waving his scarf to give encouragement
to his men, who really needed none. Sud
denly somebody showed a white Hag and
• el Hamilton tried to stop the fight
but the party of Boers ensconsed on.
leal hill and rallying about th<»!r
- took advantage of the lull to
er a heavy fire. Tho Gordon High
rs and the- Manchesters were rend
more savage than ever by this and
: their energy, for the Boers In
.- - wer< d< ..■>•• ring a flanking flre.
Tommies got wonderful quantities
in silk hats and frock coats to
ifflr loin cloths. It was a .sight
to-daj see them loaded with their
though we gave the prisoners the
nround the campflres, many of
: wounded had to He out on tho
dcs, whi re they spent a terrible
cried Tor Gods sake give us
Get a doctor for us. Out here are
B ers." One man fired round
'. from his revolver to attrart
■ to his whereaouts, for the field
■ •-.! miles. The Boers say
•' the Gordon Highlanders
lous targets."
News says: "The approach
uas a great factor in
• ■be light, making the
tl - position at once abso-
By this time the
: the rattle of Maxima
• ... furious. Our men '
well enough.
tposed themselves
• ■ . drive the
• stand, officers, ser- .
BANDITS MAKE THEIR
ESCAPE FROM POSSE
Two Criminals Who, While Barri
cadea. Shot a Policeman, Shake
Off Pursuers.
AT ' ; t. 23.— Ni 'with
fully 600 armed im-n
Burro • , . At.-hlson '.
» nd ' • night, the two
bandits ■ . ;<h: killed one !
man ■ nother at Doniphan j
and duplicated thii crime near here yes-!
led by a posse I
crept through the line ot suarda during'
the night and stealing a team escaped
The body of Policeman Robert Dicker
son, who was killed by the robbers
8 l arricade. wa .: about 3
rrlcadc-this
morning wei : , empty cartridge- I
box and a vest, but nothing to lead to the
identification of
A l ' ' showed that one of the
robbers had been badly wounded. Hun-.
Areas of men are searching for the ban- i
flits to-day. The bandits seem to have '
provided themselves with plenty of am
geants and men fell In the lines, but
nothing checked the fierce onset. Con
spicuous among the Gordon Highlanders
and on the fighting line throughout was
I.>ord Ava, attached especially to the
brigadier's staff.
"The final rush was a sight to see.
With leveled bayonets, cheering as they
went, our men sprang over the bowlders
th-at were strewn at the-ir feet. The
Boers recoiled, fired wildly and then
dashed down the rugged slope to escape
the annihilation which threatened them.
Some, desperately determined on killing,
returned to the neck, in the rear of which
the Highlanders crouched behind sums
bowlders. These men fired on ambulance
men at work among the wounded. I and
others can certify from our own experi
ence to this dastardly act."
SAYS AMERICA MUST
BACK GREAT BRITAIN
WASHINGTON, Oct. 23.— Clifton R.
Brecklnridge, United States Minister to
Russia during the second Cleveland ad
ministration. In an interview to-night
said that In case any nation or com
bination of nations should attempt to
embarrass England in the present war in
South Africa It would be the imperative
duty of the United States to take the
part of Great Britain and sustain her
with our whole moral and material
gth.
"I do not know that any nation or
group of nations contemplates or desires
to take advantage of the present embar
rassment of England for the purpose of
crippling her as a great power, but I do
not hesitate to say as a citizen that if
such purpose should become manifest it
would be required of us by every consid
eration of interest and duty to take the
part of England against any such attacks
and. if necessary, to put forth our whole
strength in her defense.
"Great Britaln"s action in South Africa
is in line with the duty and development
of the Anglo-Saxon race. In her present
struggle she deserves the unanimous bud
port of the American people. In case
other European nations should, through
international Jealousies, attempt to re
tard her in the clear and simple duty she
■ rforming at this time, the condui I
of the United States should be determined
by a consideration mightier than mere po
litical expediency or political precedence.
We should b" enjoined by every
mont of patriotism and every tie of I
kinship to stand shoulder to shoulder with
our brethren across the sea."
BRITONS RECOGNIZF
VALOR OF THE BOERS
LONDON. Oct. 2?,.— The British victories '
in Natal following each other In qoi.-k
Bslon, though accompanied by heavy
B on the side of the victors, bear I
striking testimony to the valor of the
vanquished Boers. They appear to have
fallen victims to the very plan on which
they counted to drive the British to the '
They have been beaten in detail by
counter strokes carefully considered and
brilliantly carried out in the fact of cour
ageous opposition, which has done much
to increase British respect for the burgh
ers, whose splendid valor and determina
tion, it Is universally admitted, reached
the highest level.
Fuller accounts of Saturday's battle at
Elan. ls Laagte emphasized the splendid
gallantry exhibited on both sides, and the
riorlty of the British in a pitched
battle, although the Boers fought with
the greatest tenacity to the last, only
yielding when further fighting was hope
less.
After the battle the Boers dead and
wounded among the rocks, who were
numerous, were attended to as far as
possible In the dark. General French
thanked the troops on the Held, especially
mentioning Colonel lan Hamilton's splen
did handling of the infantry. The British
bivouacked <>n th# captured position
Saturday night. Some estimates place
the Boer losses at 500>, but this is prob
ably exaggerated.
Colonel Scott 'hisholm. the only British
ofi'.cer killed, was formerly attached to
the Ninth Lancers. He served with dis
tinction in the Afghan war and organ
ized the present Imperial Light Horse, a
majority of whom are refugees from the
Rand.
The death of General Vlljo.-n is a se
vere blow to the burghers, and the death
of General Kock and the capture of
eral Pretorius will handicap the further
movements of this column.
According to advices from Durban,
Natal, the Boers have entered Zululand,
a large column advancing toward M •
loth.
The best opinions do not credit the re
ports that the Boers are suing for peace,
<>t that they ar> likely to yield at present.
though they think thej will probably re
treat from ili>i: Mi f defenses to the
mountain passes at Laings Nek and
Drakei rg, whore they have blocked the
passes with great bowlders and masses of
rock blown up on either side and where.
munition, and they are cool and accurate
In th# i:se of their Winchesters.
LBAVBNWORTH, Kana., Oct. 23— The
police have been on thi- watch for the
Doniphan bandits since 10 o'clock last
night. It Is believed fmm the brief de-
Bcrlpltlon that the bandits are Jack Holly
and I*. Priest, two of the three convicts
who escaped from the United States peni
tentiary on August 2. They were sent to
the prison cemetery to dig a grave and
there overpowered a guard and took his
rifle.
MAHER WINS THE FIGHT.
Outpoints Dunkhorst, Who Deliber
ately Fouls and Loses Thereby.
SYRACUSE. N. V.. Oct 2::.— Kd Dunk
horst of Syracuse lost to Peter Maher on
a foul In the seventh round of what was
to have he-en a ten-round go before the
Monarch Athletic Club here To-Night. The
rules under which the men fought stipu
lated that they .should break clean at the
command of the referee. When Dunk
horat saw that he was bound to be
whipped he deliberately broke this rule
and after repeated warning thp referee
rave the decision to Maher. Dunkhorst
never had a chance. He was completely
outpointed by Maher, who gave him a
hie sa:n francisco call, Tuesday, October 24. is 99.
if they bo desire, they will be able to
hold out until the advance of Major Gen
eral Sir Redvers Buller through the Or
ange Free State should compel them to
leave the Natal side to meet in the inva
sion from the south.
The sensational rumors of the designs
if foreign powers inimical to British in
terests meet with scant credence, though
tt is admitted it is difficult to explain the
Immense force "n land which Great Brit
tain is now mobilizing.
In Vienna it is reported that the Brit
ish naval movements are due to a rumor
that Russia, with the assent of France.
Is about to acquire from Spain Ceuta or
come other naval station on the African
coast. Elsewhere it is stated that the
movements of the French Mediterranean
fleet In the neighborhood of the Levant,
where It could easily be joined by the
Russian Black Sea fleet, via the Strails of
the Dardanelles, Is occasioning suspicion.
Lady Randolph Churchill and Mrs. Ar
thur Paget are organizing a fund among
American ladies in England with the in
tention to completely equip a hospital ship
for service on the South African coast at
a cost of £8000. Lady Curzon and Mrs.
Bradley-Martin have been invited to J Au
the committee.
The Australians are much exercised at
the reports that the Imperial Government
has ordered canned meat in America,
though the War Office had promise.! to
conserve Australian interests. Those In
the best positions to judge, however, pre
dict that the packers of the United States
will secure large orders, as the British
colonies are unable to furnish a tithe of
the Quantity required if the campaign
continues long.
What is believed to have been an at
tempt to wreck military trains bound from
Pembroke dock to Southampton was dis
covered yesterday evening. Five chains
were placed on the track near Swansea.
Two trains laden with troops passed soon
after their discovery.
BOERS DETERMINED TO
MAINTAIN INDEPENDENCE
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 23. — Edward
Vandusen Paul, who is delegated to rep
r> 8< it President Krugcr at the Interna
tional < 'ommercial Congress, will not
, take further part in the proceedings. He
' left to-day for Chicago, where he goes to
contract other business for the Transvaal
Government, Mr. Paul Intended to have
! read a paper before the congress, but the
! strife nf affairs in South Africa called
him to other duties. Before leaving for
the West he said, speaking of the war:
"The news thus far received from
South Africa would rather favor the Brit
; ish side of the conflict, but It would be
W( L f or Americans to remember that nine
out of ten dispatches received from the
of war come from Hritlsh sources.
! I do not believe that the Boers have been
repulsed as badly as the press dispatches
have stated. I realize as well as anybody
that Great Britain has a tremendous
! power, and had she to deal with a small
nation like the Transvaal located within
reach of the guns of her ships there
would be ;t speedy ending of the war; but
the Transvaal Is a gigantic fortress In
: itself. The Boers are determined to main
j tain their independence; they are willing
i to sacrifice all, and the fight will be ;i
| bloody one from the very start. England
; has a much more difficult task than her
| war party Is aware of, and the truthful
ness of this statement will be borne out by
; early events. I expect to see most of the
■ ; fighting done In English territory, and I
expect further that the independence,
; complete and everlasting, of the South
African Republic will be acknowledged
I by all the nations of the earth."
SCHIEL ASKED FOR THE
KAISER'S BLESSING
BERLIN, Oct. 23.— Colonel Schiel, the
captured leader of the Boers' German
contingent, wired to Kmperor William
on the outbreak of the war as follows:
"May your Majesty be pleased to note
that we German volunteers, who art'
marching to the frontier, fighting or fall
ing, have sworn to be loyal to our German
kindred stock here. We bim-rly regret
that the <;<>\ernment cannot T-xert its in
fluence in behalf of our interests ami pro
test against the predatory action of Eng
land. May German blood not flow in vain
for freedom and justice and may your
Majesty's blessing attend us German' sol
diers, whose loyalty will preserve the
friendship which your Majesty once
I showed us."
The Queen Is Grieved.
BALMORAL. Oct. 23.— The news of the
important successes at Glencoe and
Elands Laagte has been received with the
greatest satisfaction by the Queen. While
ring the bravery of the troops, her
Majesty is deeply grieved by the heavy
losses to her troops, and especially the
loss of so many valuable lives.
terrible beating. Maher had little dif
culty in reaching Dunkhorst's face and j
chin when ho chose, but could not put
him out. The fight was not very hot un
til the sixth round, when Maher opened I
with a volley of swings and Jabs that !
would have put an end to the light thrn i
and there had his opponent been a more
vulnerable man than Dunkbort Th.-- fat
ter could offer no defense and began
catching Maher'a glove under his arm
after every bi«.w. He refused to stop
when ordered to do so an.d lost the deri
sion.
BATTLE EXPECTED
SHORTLY IN PERU
Leader of the Rebels Has Appeared
With His Forces in the Vicinity
of Sayau.
Special rable tn Thp J'aii and the New York-
Herald. c.pyriKhtc-d, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
LIMA, Oct. 23. — The revolutionary
leader Durand has appeared at Sayau.
near Huacho, and a fight is expected at
any moment.
The Government has accepted the resig
nation of the prefect of Lima. Minor
THE BOER METHOD OF FIGHTING.
From a sketch made during the last war.
FUNDS FOR
CARRYING ON
THE COMBAT
England to Raise Eight
Million Pounds by
Treasury Bills,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON. Eng., Oct. 23.— During
the course of the day's proceedings,
while the House was discussing the
report on the supplementary esti
mates Patrick O'Brien, Parnellite
member for Kilkenney City, de
clared that the hands of the Brit
i- . Secretary of State for the Col
onies, Joseph Chamberlain, were
as much stained with blood as
those of any murderer who ever
mounted the scaffold. The Speaker,
William Court <Ju)ley, called on Mr.
O'Brien to withdraw his remark,
but he refused to do so, whereupon
the House by a vote of 316 to 26 re
solved to suspend him, and he left
the House remarking, "You had
better bring up another army corps
unless you want it somewhere
else."
LONDON, Eng., Oct. 23.— The Parlia- i
meruary Secretary of the War Office, Mr. i
George Wyndham, made a statement in
the House- of Commons to-day, saying:
Lord Wolseley sums up the position In Natal
early this morning as follow*:
In the battle of Elands Lajicte. October 21.
two tuns were captured from the Boers, who
lost heavily.
A large column of the enemy appeared ad
vancing from the northwest on General Yule,
■who consequently had fallen bark fn>m Imn
dee and was concentrating ai Glencoe Junction.
In this operation we gathered in the wounded
and medical attendants left at Dundee.
General White was in position at Ladysmith
and is being reinforced from Pietermaritzburg.
The enemy appears to be in large numerical
superiority.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer. Sir
Michael Hicks-Beach, made a statement
on the question of the expenditures made
by the Transvaal war. He said the ex
penditures for the year had been in
creased by the supplementary vote to a
total of £121.2(6.000. but he added the rev
enue had increased and he expected there
would be an increase of £3,000,000 over his
estimated revenue.
This would be a considerable contribu
tion toward the. unforeseen expenditures
and would leave about £7,000. <Xhi to be pro
vided. He thought there should be
no addition to the llxed debt, but the for
mer should be raised by a temporary
addition to the floating debt. The Chan
cellor of the Exchequer, therefore, asked
for power to raise £8.000,000 by treasury
bills, the whole question of repayment
and the question of fresh taxation" to be
left over to the next financial year.
Sir Michael also pointed out that the
present war differed from previous ones
and that the estimates had been more
carefully drawn up. No one could fore
see uli.it the total would be, but the Brit
ish troops had met with brilliant success
and the colonies were loyal. Although
there might be something !n to-day's
news giving cause for anxiety, vet he saw
no reason to anticipate that the campaign
w«>uld not be brought to a close within
the period for which the estimates were
framed.
As British colonies had been Invaded, he
considered It to be consistent with all the
laws of war if. whin It was brouffht to a
successful termination. the attacker
should at any rate have to bear part of
the cost. The Transvaal, he continued
was wealthy In its gold Qelda. Ther. had
been complaints from th nterested In
the gold fields that there had been exe-s
--;-ixo taxation, bue he believed from the
i). st Information that under j pure nnd
honest Ciovernmrnt it would be perfectly
possible for the Transvaal to bear not
only the ordinary expenses of government
ana of providing for the maintenance of
p.'acr and ord( r within the territory but
also to provide a reasonabli sum toward
the expenses .of thr- war, with a reduction
at the pnmo urn- of the taxation of the
gold fields. •'ontinuing, Sir Ml
Hicks-Beach said:
If these anticipations are not fulfilled and the
chiefs of the revolutionary groups con
tinue to surrender under promise of am
nesty.
-•• —
Ryan and Rea Fight a Draw.
I,OS ANGELES, Oct. 23.— The ten-rnnd
boxing contest of the Southern California
Athletic Club, at Turner Hall to-nighl
between Jim Ryan of Cinclnati and Rea
of San Frai Cisco was declared a draw at
the end of th< contest Ryan appear.-,] to
have the bettei nt it up to the ninth
rour.d. but be ducked Into an uppircut and
was out on th« lip. In the tf-nth he stood
a good deal of punishment.
Torpedo Boat's Trial.
BATH, Maine. Oct. 23.-The new torpedo
boat Dahlgren had part of her official
speed trial to-day. As her engines did not
attain the maximum spe ( v lof 'ft 41; knots
until nearly dark, the final run will be
ma<l«> to-morrow, when the builders are
confident the 30U knots required by the
contract will be reached.
Expects an Extra Session.
SANTA BARBARA. Oct. 23— A letter
received to-day from Assemblyman C W
Merrltt of this district, who is now in
San Francisco, states that an extra ses
sion of the Legislature will be called
sum borrowed proves to bp but part of the
total cost of the war we shall appeal to your
patriotism next April. We believe that those
who have supported us In th>- prnse.-uMon of
this work will not fail us when it comes to
paying the bill. If fresh taxation were Intro
duced to-morrow It mi«ht prolong the debate
an>l produce a division which might be entirely
misunderstood abroad. 1 shall not take any
r'lurse whlrh will promote a division or pre
vent us from presenting a united tront in this
crisis.
Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman, the
leader of the opposition, agreed that this
was not the proper time to discuss the
financial question and that it was not
desirable to show a sign of disunion.
The proposals of Sir Michael Hicks-Beach
were agreed to by a vote of 338 to 2.
The reference of the Chancellor of the
Exchequer to the anxiety as to the latest
news apparently referred to Lord Wolse
ley's announcement .that the, British were
drawing back from Dundee before su
perior forces^
DUTCH IN CAPE
COLONY ARE SULLEN
CAPE TOWN, Oct. 23.— The capture of
General Viljoen is a. cause of great sat
isfaction to the Outlanders. He is the
author of a blasphemous and violent
pamphlet virtually Intended to incite the
Dutch of the colony to rebellion, and it
Is sincerely hoped that he will be brought
to trial and punished as he deserves.
It is difficult to gauge, exactly the
amount of feeling excited among the
Dutch by the recent British victories.
i Their behavior on the whole is excellent,
! considering the great amount of sympathy
they, feel for their kinsmen in the Trans
vaal and Orange Free State. The Brit
ishers receive the news of each success in
i Natal and of the grand stand at Mafe
! king with the wildest enthusiasm, but
the Dutch are silent. Now and then a
few who are more violent than the rest
I express their sorrow openly, but the gen
, eral feeling is one of relief that the Brit
ish success will not compel them to face
the possibility of giving active support
to the enemy.
n, T r*L T€ , por l s °J the klnd treatment ac
i corded to the Boers wounded meet with
; unstinted admiration, bringing Into mark
"' relief the magnanimity of Great Bri
magnanimity the Dutch admit they
had not expected to be displayed toward
A difficult problem is looming, owing to
the increased race feeling aroused by the
war. but Indications are frequent and sub
stantial that the mists of acrimonious dis
cussion are being dispersed by Great Bri
tain s magnanimity and splendid tolerance
tending to make the Dutch in Cape Col
; ony proud of their British citizenship.
RUMOR DESIGNED TO
PLEASE ENGLISHMEN
LONDON, Oct. 23.-A special dispatch
1 :ape Town, dated Sunday, says that
advices received there from PretoVia re
port President Kruger as now being in
lavor .of an unconditional surrender
It is added that it is expected the Exec
utive Council will meet on Monday or
such y t t0 discuss the advisability of
The report, it is stated here, must be
accepted with reserve
OTTAWA, cm.. Oct. 23.— The Governor
General, Lord Minto, has received a cable
gram from South Africa, dated this after
noon, to the effect that President Kruger
has decided to surrender.
American Agent Sent to the War.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 23. -Colonel Sum
ner. Major Storey. Captain Gibson and
Captain Slocum have been detailed to pro
ceed to South Africa and observe and re
port upon military operations in the
Transvaal. Colonel Sumner is a brigadier
general of volunteers, his present station
being that of military attache to the
United State? Embassy at London. Ma
jor Storey is stationed at Governors Isl
and; Captain Gibson is an ordnance offi
cer stationed at Columbus, and Cap
tain Slocum, who was United States mil
itiiry attache at Lisbon, is already on his
way to Cape Town.
Red Cross to Take the Field
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 23.— The Rus
sian Red Cross Society has determined to
offer to h< lp both belligerents iv South
Africa. The Herald, in making the an
noum ement, adds:
"We preserve appearances with this
dual proposal, but we do not conceal our
views."
All the papers have opened subscriptions
for a volunteer corps, which is being well
equipped in private circles.
British Columbia's Regiment.
VANCOUVER, Oct. I?,.— Much enthusi
asm is evinced here at the near approach
of the departure of the British Columbia
without a doubt. He says it will be called
early next month.
Wages of unskilled labor in California
have advanced 25 per cent In the last
ninety days.
Passing of the Horse.
80 soon as nature sees an Improvement there
Is a change. The candle save way to elec
tricity. The spinning wheel to machinery, the
horse to the automobile. The fact that Hostet
ter's Stomach Bitters has been sold for over
halt a century proves its value. There is noth
ing to equal it for stomach or liver trouble.
It Is Nature* own remedy, and the only one
to cure dyspepsia or weak stomach.
/ Don't fall to try
BECuniiilf a HLLS&
when ; suffering . from any bad
condition of the Stomach
or Liver.
1 0 cents nnd 95 cents, nt drag stores.
■ regiment for the Transvaal. The national
anthem is sung in all the city churches,
and this evening citizens are arranging
for a tremendous send-off to the boys,
who leave for Quebec en route to the
Cape in the morning. Over a thousand
ddllars is already subscribed to present
each soldier with a fifty-dollar purse ><n
leaving. Victoria is doing the same. Cotn
radea in arms of the Sixth British Co
lumbia Rifle Volunteers are presenting
representatives from their ranks with $25
each.
CECIL RHODES ASKS
FOR REINFORCEMENTS
LONDON, Oct. 24.— The Daily Mail says
it understands that a message was receiv
ed in London yesterday from Cecil
Rhodes, dated Kimberley, October 19, de
claring in substance that the inhabitants
of Kimberley desired to draw the attention
of the Government to the need of speed
ily sending reinforcements there, as the
town was being surrounded by increasing
numbers of Transvaal and Free State
Boers. The matter, according to the
Daily Mail, has been submitted to the
Cabinet.
The correspondent of the Daily Mail at
Durban, Natal, says: An official of the
Bonanza mine, who had just arrived from
Pretoria, declares that while there he
heard that Colonel Baden-Powell, the
British commander at Mafeklng. had cap
tured General Cronje and thirty Boers and
had killed 500.
American Agents Sent to the War
BRIDGEPORT, Conn., Oct. 23.— The
British Government has placed an im
mense order for ammunition with the
Union Metallic Cartridge Company of this
city for use in the war in South Africa.
It is unofficially declared that part of the
order is for 5,000,000 shot shells, with as
many more ball cartridges. When ques
tioned as to the full extent of the order,
an official of the company replied that it
was against the rules of the concern to
talk in relation to war orders. Prepara
tions for the rush that the fulfillment ol
the order will entail have already been
commenced.
Two Hundred Boer Prisoners.
DURBAN, Natal, Oct. 23 (Delayed in
transmission).— An official dispatch from
Ladysmith says that about 200 Boer pris
oners have been marched into the town,
including General Ben Viljoen, General
Jan Koch and Colonel Schiel.
Reassuring News !From Dundee.
CAPE. TOWN. Oct. 23 (afternoon).— |
News ha's been received here from Dundee j
to the effect that the Boor disaster at '
Elands Laajrte stappered the Boers com- <
pletely, rendering th^ attack upon Dundee
feeble. Therefore there is no cause for ]
anxiety.
The fact that Hawes hats are sold all
over the United States for $$ oo proves their
popularity.
an agency for these famous hats— we have
| the advantage of having the San Francisco 1
t$ agency. |
I Ask to see aHawes hat— you will wear ||
g them always after that. Jm
Derbys Fedoras
W Two shapes Two shapes m
s| Three colors — black Four colors— black W
H walnut and peari, cedar and
cedar walnut
/^ rH '^*T~ ~ '■■■" /^ F^\
| \*W2s? -7| Q MARKET 5T R|
| Out-bf-town orders filled — write us. * BJ
JUBILATION
GIVES WAY TO
APPREHENSION
London Fearful That All
Has Not Gone Well at
the Front.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON", Oct. 21.— N0 news yet re
ceived tends to dispel the apprehension
caused by Lord Wolseley's brief sum
mary of the situation. A Pietermaritzburg
dispatch says that the censor now permits
no message to be sent from the front.
Other dispatches represent the Boers as
boasting that Dundee is absolutely cut oft
and assert that despite the British victo
ries the situation is still uncertain.
The Pretoria dispatch giving the report
of General Joubert to the Government evi
dently refers to the first battle at Glen
coe, and the reasons why Commandant
Erasmus failed to come to the assistance
of Commandant Meyer cannot be fath
omed. Had he done so the British victory
might have been still more dearly bought.
Probably Commandant Meyer, having ar
rived at the rendezvous first, thought to
get all the glory of wiping out the Brit
ishers himself, and opened attack without
waiting for the others. If so the Boers
suffered badly because of his hastiness.
It appears certain, however, that the
brilliant victory at Elands Liaagte was
productive of no effect for the relief of.
Glencoe, and the very reticence and brev
ity of Lord Wolseley*s communication are
only ominous. It seems to be worded to
prepare the public for bad news, and it is
only too likely that General Yule has been
! compelled to abandon the wounded and
! prisoners at Dundee because his force is
1 too weak to hold the four and a half milea
I separating Dundee from Glencoe.
I Probably General Yule believes he can
I better protect Dundee from an enemy ad
i vancing from the northwest by concen
! trating all his available strength at Glen
coe where there now 3.500 men and three
batteries. In the meantime efforts will bo
mads to reopen the railway and to get re
inforcements from Ladysmith.
It is expected that Commandant Eras
mus has by this time joined Commandant
General Joubert. and that their combined
columns amount to some 10,000 or 11.000
men while the Free State Boers now
threatening Ladysmith from the east and
a column reported to be coming through
I Zululand must also be reckoned with.
In short General Sir George Stewart
White has been unable to follow up his
, successes and is obliged to remain at
Ladysmith without being able to restore
I railway communication, which is probably
I broken at other points besides Elands
Laagte.
Thus the enemy, although their original
plan, which was supposed to have been
Colonel Schiel's, failed, may fairly be
credited with having isolated General
Yule's brigade and divided the British
forces in Natal. General Yule may find
- himself in a tight place, needing all his
experience in Indian and Burmese fighting
to extricate himself.
It is quite evident that the v ar Office
has news which has been withheld from
i the public, and if the situation as here
I sketched is confirmed. Boer divisions may
i be expected at other frontier points.
Up to midnight the War Office was be
! sieged with inquiries, the heavy lists of
British losses causing much heartburning.
! Said a workingman who was reading the
' "If this is the price of suzerainty, good
I God, but we are paying in full!"
GOAT LIVES MANY
DAYS WITHOUT FOOD
! Found in the Bottom of a Dry Well
After Having Been Missing
Six Weeks.
TACOMA, Oct. 23.— Six wf?ks ago a goat
foil rlown a well and was supposed to
have been stolen. Yesterday it was taken
out alive, though bo emaciated that it
could not stand. It is gradually growing
stronger on a diet of milk and bread.
Deputy Sheriff Malonoy bought the gnat
for his son last summer and the boy
: domiciled him under the porch. One night
i early in September the goat disappeared
andcould not be found.
Mrs Maloney thought she hoard him
bleating at night, but no clew to his
whereabouts was obtained until yest»r
dav when a neighbor remembered that
a well had been dug under the house in
the early days. An investigation revea.ed
the goat on its dry bottom, nineteen feet
below the surface.
34
CHAPELLE STANDS
BY THE FRIARS IN
THE PHILIPPINES
Replies to the Statements Al=
le£ed to Have Been Made by
General Funston,
WASHINGTON, Oct. 23.— Archbishop
Chapel Ie of Now Orleans, Apostolic dele-.
Kale '•> Cuba, Porto Rico and the Phllip
pin. s. to-day gave out the following state
ment :
"In answer to General I-'unstoifs State
ment made In an address to the
students of Stanford University that 'if
Congress would drive out the friars and
confiscate every inch of church property
the bottom would drop out of the Insur
rection within on« week. The Inhabitants
of Luzon aro completely under the
church." I derm It proper to make the fol
lowing statement:
"Knowing what I do from most reliable
authority of General Punston's broad
mindedness and sense of fairness, I do not
believe that he has been quoted correctly,
lie. may have stated that the insurgents
demand this as a condition of pence, but
that he gave them as his own sentiments
I cannot credit.
"From my own experience, I know how
easy it is to be misquoted. All 1 can Fay
is that if General Funston did make this
statement, he manifested a dense iijnor
a:^ce of tht* work done t..." the religious
orders in ;he archipelago. t>n the very
face of it, how< • it shofcs quite^ plainly
that it did not come from one as well
posted as General Funston should be on
affairs in i.:-/.i:. He is quoted as saying,
"The inhabitants of Luzon are complete-'
ly. under the church.' Now, I would ask
how can this be possible v, ! : ■■ : every
priest (with the exception of a few na
tives) in the island of Luzon, outside of
the walled city of Manila , is a prisoner of
the Insurgents. For the past eignteon
months this state of affairs has existed,
and during all this period more than three
hundred and fifty friars have been under,
going unheard of torture in insurgent
dungeons. 'Phis being- a fact, it is hard
for me to see how the islands can be 'un
der the friars." It looks to me as though
just the opposite ere th( case. Th 1 1 the
insurgents have asked as one of their
terrhs of peace the expulsion of the friars
and the confiscation to the Insurgents of
all the church property is a fact well
known, but we are told by the Govern
ment officials land I know ii to be a fact
from othrr reliable sources) that the in-
Burgents represent only one tribe out of
the eighty-live tribes peopling the archi
pelago, so the sentiments voiced by the
insurgents about the friars and church
property cannot be taken as the senti
ments uf the great body of natives, no
more than they can be taken as the senti
ments of the "natives toward our people
and Government.
"Whatever the natives are or have,
they owe to the friars. By them they
were lift <=»l out of savagery and brought
under the blessed and refining Influences
of Christianity. By thorn they were edu
cated not only In the schools, but In the
llelds and in th.- workshops were taught
by them the very Industries which are
now the source of their prosperity. Mr.
Peyton: the agent of the Episcopal For-:
(igrn Mission Association; tells us that the
natives 'are th»> most moral and religious
on the free of the globe.' Now the men .
who taught tin-in to be so cannot b« such
men as some narrow-minded.' people wouM
try to have us believe. Rev. Di Ambell,
a Scotch Protestant missionary, also tes
tifies that 'nearly the whole population
of the Philippine Archipelago has been
converted to the Catholic faith by the
Spanish monks, and a wonderful Improve
ment In their social condition has been
the result.' Up then goes on to show that
If any one doubts this Improvement; it
can easily be made manifest by compar
ing the Christian native wi'h his southern
neighbor of the same blood, the fanatical
Morro.
"As to the confiscations of the estates,
you might as well talk of confiscating the
estates of the Vanderbilts, the Astora
and other millionaires whose estates have
in the course of years grown so wonder
fully. There would be just as much right
and" justice in one er.se as in the other.
The status of the religious estates has
been acquired in the usual way by pur
chase, and In the course of nearly four
centuries they have naturally grown
large, but if even unbiased Protestant
witnesses arc- to be credited; large as they
are, all are used for the betterment and
uplifting "f the natives.
"A former British Consul Ca Protestant)
writing on this subject says: 'It was by
means of these estates the friars intro
duced agriculture and settled habits of
life among tribes originally nomadic.'
"It was by means of th»se estates thai
they pot them to live in villages and in
troduced among them the arts of civil
ized life.
"It was by this means that they ac
quired the power of inducing them to
labor with a certain amount of regularity
nnd method-tho great safeguard against
a relapse again into their original state
of savagery.
"The natives, h" says, are, with pome
rare excentions; In need of tufflaee. with
out which they would fall back to th»
customs of their ancestors— a tutelage
that no one can exercise better than the
friars. Within the precincts of the mon
asteries are to be found carpenter shops,
forges, brick and tile yards, etc.. to teach
the natives various trades. The villages
formed around them presented a pleasing
picture of happiness and content in start
linn contrast to those who were still pa
gan and uncivilized.
"In a short time I will start for the
Philippines, and l will personally Investi
gate all charges made against religious
orders titles of property, etc. Until I
have completed my work I would ask
the good people of the I'nited States not
to be too ready to allow as facts the
opinions of trer.tlemen whose previous
training and lack of opportunities to get
at the 'real ,ci.-- do not warrant their
statements concerning the Catholic min
isters of religion, the Intellectual capac
ity the moral and social condition of the
people of the archipelago, to be taken as
undisputed facts by sensible and just
minds; nor can they there! i be taken
as an exact presentation of a condition
of things in the Philippines! upon which
the United States Government could pru
dently and equitably base Its policy with
regard to this archipelago. The church
asks only iusiice. and 1 will not counte
nance the retention of -me Inch of prop
erty which is not now legitimately held.
"One word now on another statement.
I oee that it Is said that the object of
mv visit to the White House on Satur
day was to protest against the. looting
and desecrating of the churches in the
Philippines. This was not the case. As
to the looting and rating of these
churches. I am informed by a person
■whose word I cannot doubt thai this loot-
Ing was not done by our American sol
dierF but by the insurgents and the Chi
n'p.V.' ' ' P. 1- CHAPRLLE.
"Archbishop of New Orleans. Delegate
Apostolic." -
POLITICS BACK OF
FUNSTON'S APPOINTMENT
TGPEKA, Oct. 23.— 's generally be
lieved In political circles here thai Gen
eral Frederick Funs! was ordered back
to the Philippines by the War Depart
ment to prevent his becoming a disturb
ing factor In Kansas politics.
Cyrus Iceland, a member of the National
Republican Committee from Kansas and
one of Senator Manna's most efficient
lieutenants In this part of the country,
wa <, In communication with both Senator
llanna tin' 4 Secretary of. War Root from
the time the Twentieth Kansas and Gen
eral Funaton landed in San Francisco un
til the announcement of Kunston's ap
pointment Had the ■ ling Republican
politicians cf Kansas been assured that
General Funston would not enter Kansas
politics it Is-- believed that the general
would not have been sent back to the
Islands. _
There are two faction!* in Kansas Re
publican politics. The faction opposed to
the Btai ■ administration and the State
Central Committee had already, taken up
Funst< n and was booming him for any
and every prominent office in the State.
Among the offices for which he was men
tioned were representative at large, Uni
ted States Senator and Governor.
The State Committee has a favorite in
training for each of these offices, and it
■was feared that the faction booming:
Funston would injure the committee's
plans by putting the general forward.
Funston, it is believed* could have had
any office he would accept, despite the op
position of the State Committee.
PROMOTION FOR TWO
GALLANT KANSANS
KANSAS CITY, Oct. 23.— A special from
Washlng-ti n says: Brigadier General Fred
Funston is to be brevetted major general
and C« lonel Wilder S. Metcalf of the
Twentieth Kansan is to hehrevettedbriga
il by tlx' President shortly, on
int of gallant and meritorious serv
of the two Kansas soldiers in the
Philippines. This announcement is semi
officially mafle at the War Department.
The promotions have been recommended
iiy Major General Arthur Mac Arthur and
i*ed by M;i.k;r Genera] Elwell S. Otis,
commanding the Kighth Army Corps. The
recommendation of General Mac Arthur
as follow?:
"Frederick Funeton, brigadier general,
- United States volunteers, to be major
general, I'nited State,-; volunteers, by
brevet for gallant and meritorious ser
vices throughout '.lie campaign against
•'■ Filipino Insurgents from February 4
t" July I: particularly for daring courage
:at Ih< • of the Rio Grande d< la
Pampanga, May 27. while colonel of the
Twentieth Kansas Volunteers; Wilder S.
Metcalf, colonel Twentieth Kansas Volun
to be brigadier general by brevet
'ffr gallant and meritorious services
throughout the campaign against the Flli-
Insurgents from February 4 to July
1, during which ■ '.. U:IS wo
on tw> lons."
OPENING
OF QUEEN'S
CLUB RACES
Yellow Tail, F. Foster's
Sprinter, Breaks a
Track Record
Il Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23.— The fourteen
days' meeting of the Queens County Jock
ey Club began to-day at Aqueduct and a
large crowd was on hand. Trillo, at 1 to
2, was the only favorite to score, the
other going down in startling succession.
He had only Myth, Free Lance and Miss
Soak to beat. The latter made the run
ning for five furlongs, when Trillo went
by her, and coming on won cleverly by
a length and a half from Myth. The last
race of the day furnished a pretty con
test. Sunoil, the favorite, made the run
ning to the stretch, when there was a
general tossing up. First Whip won by
half a length, with Dissenter, uncle Josh
and Sunoll heads apart in the order
named. Results:
A boflt sevpn furlcngs. spiling — Queen of Song
won, Concord second, Ordeal third. Time, 1:27.
One mile and seventy yards— Walt Not won,
Veracious second, Hare Perfume third Time.
1 :46.
one and a sixteenth miles, soiling— Trillo won.
Myth second; Free Kance third. Time. 1:50.
Five and a half furlong, Belling— Smoke won.
llauvllla second. Prejudice third. Time, 1:OX 2-5.
■ One and a sixteenth miles, selling— Domineer
won. Claroba second. Tlndula third. Time, 1:50.
Five furlongs— First Whip won. Dissenter sec
ond. l'nele Josh third. Time, 1:02 Z"-5.
CINCINNATI. October 23.— May Jane was a
hot favorite at 1 to 2 In the second race nt La
tonia to-day, but she tailed to get any part of
tlio money. shrove Tuesday won the race at 8
to 1. McCleary and .T. J. T. were the only pub
lic choices that won purses. Weather pleasant;
track fast. Results:
One mile, selling— McCleary won. Hill Billy
second. Fresco third. Time, 1:42.
Five furlongs— Shrove Tuesday won, Nina B
I. fecond, Mollle Newman third. Tim", 1:02^-
Seven furlongs, Belling— J. T. won. Glad
Hand second, Parakeet third. Time. I:2s.
One mil" selling— Rosa Mass, won, Ferroll
second, Peyo third. Time, 1:42.
Five furlongs — Kdlnboro won. Commonwealths
Attorney second, Peter Duryea third. Time,
1:03.
CHICAGO, Oct. 23.— Yellow Tail. Fred Fos
ter's speedy sprinter, broke the Harlem track
record to-day, covering the five furlongs In
:59U. The record until to-day was held by
Abuse, now dead, another of Foster's horses.
Outsiders captured the first three events and
the last three were won by favorites. Weather
clear; track fast Results: •
six furlongs — Monteagle won, Mai~ip Marree
second. Fair American third. Time. 1:16%.
Mile and thr-^-PiKhth?- Double I'uinmy won,
Harat' Hfil.iup thlnl. Time. 2:2H S .
Six fnrlons»- Jito Gore II won, H^rmoso r.ec
ond, Ancles third. Time, l:H' 4
Mile and seventy yards- Salvable wan. Found
■ :. Great Rend third. Time. 1:44.
Five furlongs— Yellow Tail won, Nettie Re
p'iii second, Kmma M third. Time, :.~*'4.
( in>' mile— .Tlmp won, Volandieg second, Rota
Anna third. Time, 1:42%.
Nell on Trial.
VISALIA, Oct. 23.— The trial of Charles
NeH, charged with the murder of George
Wachteler, began in the Superior Court
to-day. Some three months ago Nell
struck Wachteler in the face, knocking
him down. Ilis head struck a curbstone
and he died. Nell belongs to a good fam
ily.
BONDS FO R THE SCHOOLS.
A Round Million to Be Provided for
the Department.
At a meeting held yesterdny afternoon
in the Mayor's office it was decided that
$1, 000,000 appropriation would be asked
by the Board of Education for the build
ing of new school houses, and for the re
pairing of old ones. The originlal inten
tion of the board wag to solicit half a
million dollars more, but, in view of the
amount of money which must be ex
pended for sewerage systems and other
slties in the school district, the pro
posed appropriation was cut to one mil
lion.
The meeting held yesterday afternoon
was attended by Superintendent of the
Board of Education Bergerot, Architect
Welsh and Superintendent of Schools
Webster. The gentlemen went over the
plans submitted by the architect and ap
proved them. They then decided upon tne
amount which should be asked of the
Board of Supervisor* to be set aside in
the proposed bond Issue for school
purposes. The sum of $1,000,000 was finally
agreed upon of which 1900,000 will be used
in the construction of new school houses
and the remaining $100 .duo will be expended
in the repairs and additions to old ones.
The new school houses proposed and the
cost Of each is as follows: Madison
Primary, eight classes, $50,000; Monroe
Primary, eight classes, $50,000; Richmond
Grammar, sixteen classes, $90,000; Wash
ington Grammar, eighteen classes, $125,-
CO0; Koe Valley, eight classes, $66,000;
Bergorot Primary. $50,000; Sunnyslde
Primary, six classes, $36,000; Laguna
Honda, eight classes, $50,000; Gartield Pri
mary, eighteen classes, $125,000. and the
Burnett Primary, twelve classes. $75,000.
-In selecting the location of the new
schools a special effort was made to give
to each section in the city on*- new school.
The plans are typical of the modern build
ing, and French, German and American
architects were consulted on plans for
lighting and ventilation. The result of
the meeting will be communicated to the
Board of Kdueatl'in at its next meeting.
with a request that a communication be
cent to .the Board of Supervisors with
reference to the apportionment of the
new bond Issue.'
An Englishwoman ivho has lived
many years, in China says that the
Empress Dowager has Finn-' skill as a
painter. She is fond of wrestlinc. and
frequently indulges in this rather virlie
form of exerrise. Phe is well read, is
fond of European music and has some
skill as a pianist. She is said both by
her friends and enemies to be without
any sense of fear.
THE SA3T FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1899.
LIBERAL POLICY
FOR PHILIPPINES
Form of Self Govern
ment to Be Allowed.
WORK OF THE COMMISSION
MEETING WILL PROBABLY BE
HELD WEDNESDAY.
President Hopes That by Definitely
Making Known the Policy of
This Country Rebellion
May End Quicker.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 23.— With the ar
-1 rival of Professor Worcester to-morrow
night or Wednesday morning all the mem
bers of the Philippine Commission except
General Otis will have assembled in
Washington and a meeting of the com
mission will be held. It is thought some
time Wednesday.
It is the President's desire that the com
miteiOD get to work without further de
lay. He Intends to treat extensively the
Philippine situation in his forthcoming
message to CongTess and he will depend
m a lorge degTee upon the report of the
commission for material.
It is apparent from the renewed activity
in military operations In the Philippines
within the last ten days that General
Otis proposes to strain every effort to
bring thi Insurrection to an early close.
Thus, under the President's direction,
while the soldiers are subduing Aguinaldo
the Philippines commission will be en
gug-ed in formulating suggestions to be
enforced by Congress for the treatment
of the islanders hereafter.
It Is known that the members of the
commission, and Admiral Dewey especial
ly, are Impressed with the ability of
gome of til,- Filipinos for self-govern
ment. In the [Bland of Xegros self-gov
ernment already is in force to a consid
erable degree, and the natives are prac
tically conducting municipal and local
; affairs with little aid from the Americans.
They appreciate, the benefits which
Americana propose to give them and are
anxious even n >\v to assist the Ameri
•" bring the rebellious Tagals to
terms, which will insure peace throughout
the archipelago.
The natives of the islands of Negros.
Cebu ai:d Panay are reported to be pro-
Thej were less directly tinder
the Spanish domination than I,uzon, on
account of thetr isolation, and had more
opportunities for managing their own af
thari were given the Tagals.
There seems to be little doubt the com
mission will recommend that the most
liberal form of •elf-trovermnent possible,
under I .■■:,! policy of this country,
regarding the Philippines shall '[«■ given
the residents of Cebu, Panay and Negros. i
MINISTER TO ARGENTINE
HAS RESIGNED
President Commissions William P.
Lord of Oregon to Fill the
Vacant Position.
WASHINGTON, Oct 23. -William I.
Buchanan has resigned his position as
t'nited States Minister td Argentine, to
take effect at the expiration of his lf-ave
of absence, to accept the position of di
rector genera] of the Pan-American Expo
sition. His resignation was accepted to
il iy ; 1 1 : < 1 William P. Lord of Oregon was
commissioned his successor. In accepting
Mr. Buchanan's resignation, the Secre
tary of State said:
"The President desires to make ac
knowledgment of the sentiments ex
preftsed In your letter and to convey to
you his appreciation for the effectual
manner in which you have discharged
your mission."
HIS NAME STRICKEN
FROM THE REGISTER
J. RICHARD FREUD WILL NOT
VOTE THIS ELECTION.
Deputy Registrars Discover That He
Does Not Live in a Sutter-
Street Hammam Baths.
The name of J. Richard Freud, secretary
of thr- Merchants' Association, charter
framer and prominent politician, has been
stricken from the Kreat repister for false
registration. The discovery was made
yesterday, and last night Mr. Freud's vote
in the next campaign was not worth a
postage stamp.
Fn ud registered from Johnson & I^ind
strom's Hammam baths on Sutter street.
despite the fact that the deputy regis
trars who Investigated the matter report
I that he lives in Fruitvale.
Aa soon as the discovery was made
Deputy Repistrars Park.* and O'Brien
were detailed to make an investigation.
They went to the baths and asked if Mr.
' Freud lived there, or even owned a room
there, and the proprietor stated em
phatically that he did not.
Then the deputy registrars went back
tn the office and reported the matter to
their superior. They telephoned to Mr.
Freud's oflV-e. and the young lady ste
nographer who answered the telephone
stated that Mr. Freud had gone across
the bay to his home in Fruitvale.
,' \ |Sh%'^, In protection of our wholesale trade, no retail mail orders will be filled. mLmJtI ±B«Jli»Jiu
■B: / Jg\ ifiiii In gray and tan Friezes and Cheviots. Also a number made of our famous I
W?M 0 I W OREGON CITY CASSIMERE (middleweight). A special for this week— I
.¥»,' \ Vf ' As manufacturers of cloth and clothing, selling at only one profit and first ' £3
S; 1 l cost, we can sell to the public direct at practically wholesale prices. But even fijg
I I \ Wlißlesale LOOK A
~~~^jgigmjgsg^**^ Clot * "j2l-l236ansomesr.nr.Pine™
Cl °* 121-1236ansome6r.nr.Pine SiGE
OPEN SATURDAY NIGHTS TILL to.
FATHER McCABE
CULLED BY DEATH
Priest Who Freed John
Boyle O'Reilly.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. PATL. Minn., Oct. 23.— A Waseea
[ (Minn.) special says: Rev. M. 1\ McCabe.,
i the well-known Roman Catholic clergy
! man, died on Saturday evening of Brighfs
j disease at St. Mary's, a small mission
near Waseca. His death recalls an ex
! ploit in which he was a conspicuous fac
tor. It was Father McCabe who was In
strumental in liberating the political pris
oner, John Boyle O'Reilly, who afterward
became the noted American poet.
O'Reilly was detected propagating Fe
nlanism in England. He was arrested
and sentenced to penal servitude. It hap
pened that Father McCabe was stationed
lat the Australian prison as chaplain. To
; him O'Reilly confided his intention of
. making his escape. The priest offered to
; aid him. On a dark night in 1569 the two
j met by appointment and the priest and
the prisoner exchanged clothes. In this
disguise O'Reilly departed in an open boat
without food or drink.
After three days of terrible exposure to
the perils of the sea O'Reilly was picked
up by an American whaler and carried
I to T^iverpool. Thence he made his way
i quickly to the T'nited States.
The priest reported to the prison offl
! cials that he had been waylaid by the
! convict, who compelled him to make the
I exchange of clothes. "When the truth
; leaked out later on Father McCabe was
' obliged to make a hasty departure from
Australia. He came to this country and
applied to Bishop Ireland for a charge in
: this diocese about eighteen years ago. He
j has remained in Minnesota ever since.
A Historic Gavel.
MONTEREV, Oct. 23.— A present of
i great historical as well as actual value)
I has just reached here from Manila for
Hose Company No. 2 of the Monte-oy
Volunteer Fire Department, the formal
presentation of which will take place on
: October SI. It is a gavel made from :ne
I wood of Admiral Montijo's flagship, tho
Maria Cristina. destroyed by Admiral
Dewey in the battle of Manila Ray. an 1
is handsomely carved by a skilled Filipino
wood carver. Benito Diaz, a Monterey
boy, who was attached to the start' of
1 General Lawton as interpreter, is the
donor. Diaz was at v onc time a member
, of the Monterey Fire Department.
New Trial Granted.
SANTA (,'RT'Z. Oct. 2."?.— The Supreme
Court granted a new trial in the case of
George F. Plyler and M. Bchoedde, con
victed of mayhem. Ench has bad two
trials. Plyler is under sentence for four
teen and Schoedde ten years. They have
been in Jail for two years and six months.
Charles Harris, on whom the crime was
committed, disappeared a year ni^o and
has never been seen s!ncr. Joseph Har
veston, the Constable found guilty of aid-
Ing Plyler, is now serving a sentei
fourteen yean In San Quentin.
Marblehead at San Diego.
SAX DIEGO, Oct. 23.— Th.^ United States
; cruiser Marblehead arrived here this
morning for coal and sails south Thurs
day for Corlnto.
Colonel Huntington Retired.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 23.— Colonel W. R.
Huntlngton. Marine Corps, has been fe
tired, to take effect January 10 next.
MADELINE AND MABEL
AID VICTOR BOUTON
BETAIN ATTORNEY BOARDMAN
BY TELEGRAPH.
He Visits the Prisoner at the City-
Prison Last Night— Will Ap
peal to the Federal Court.
are that before the Ne-
Ivada authorities succeed in getting Victor
ißouton over their State line they will
lhave a spirited legal battle on • their
I hands, for the young man's sisters, Made
line and Mabel, the famous actresses,
though far away, have been apprised of
! their brother's unfortunate predicament,
and yesterday Attorney Louis P. Board
! man received telegraphic communication
: from them to take the case in hand and
| prevent If possible Bouton's extradition
to Nevada.
Boardman visited Bouton at the City
Prison last night and informed him of
the wishes of his sisters, and this after
noon the attorney will probably appeal
to the Federal court to prevent Deputy
Sheriff Taylor from taking the prisoner
back to \Vinnemucca to be tried for
cattle-stealing.
• Attorney Boardman has known Made-
I line and Mabel Bouton since their girl
i hood days. In fact, they attended the
| same school and made mud pies together,
I so he was not surprised when he received
! messages from them yesterday delegat
ing him to take up Victors case and spare
no expense in fighting it to a successful
issue. At present the beautiful Madeline
is starring with her company in Ger
many and Mabel is playing an engage
i ment in New York.
Rescuing a Boy Soldier.
Alfred Toland of Trinity County obtain
ed a writ of habeas corpus yesterday from
Vnited States District Judge de Haven for
the possession of his 16-year-old son Al
fred who enlisted on the sth of this month
in the Forty-third Infantry Volunteers,
now at the rresldlo waiting to be trans
ported to Manila. J. R. Pringle appears
tor the father. Thf colonel of the regi
rncnt has been ordered to produce the boy
in court this morning.
CONVICTS USE GAS
INSTEAD OF OPIUM
Desperate Chances Taken by Men
Who Are Victims of the
Drug Habit.
SAX QVENTIN PRISON, Oct. 23.— Warden Aguirre's detective work In
preventing the convicts from obtaining opium has l«d to a number of pecuirar
subterfuges on the part of the fiend? to obtain something which would tena
toward satisfying their craving for the drug. The latest practice of the pris
oners addicted to the use of opium is so strange that few who have not Deen
convinced by observation will give the matter any credence.
While Guard Randolph was in the carpenter-shop yesterday he detecte
the smell of -scaping gas. and. thinking the pipes were leaking, started cm
a tour of investigation. Behind a carpenter's table In an obscure corner ms
eyes beheld a sight that astounded the guard, accustomed as he is to wit
nessing things of a startling nature. On the floor lay a life-term convict,
seemingly in an unconscious condition, while by his side sat another pris
oner, inhaling the fumes from a gaspipe through a rubber tube, liotn men
were sent to the dungeon after Dr. Casey had resuscitated the unconscious
man. An investigation showed that the convicts, who were both nashesh
fiends', had made a minute puncture in the gaspipe, and had been inhaling the
poisonous gas through the rubber tube to satisfy in part their craving for a
drug which could not be obtained.
Another disc. .very later in the day added to the amazement produced by
this one. Warden Aguirre was sent for at his residence and taken by Cap
tain Edgar to a cell where a guard stood watching two more convicts. These
two prisoners stood with arms bared and bleeding and confessed that to sat
isfy the cravings of a diseased appetite they had slit holes in the skin of
their arms and injected a weak solution of the chloride of lime used in disin
fecting their cells. They, too, were locked up in the dungeon. A search
showed that after slitting holes In their arms they had used glass fountain
pen-fillers, with a rubber bulb on the tip, to inject the solution of chloride
of lime. Fifteen men formerly fiends have been almost cured of the opium
habit, and these four convicts will be placed under Dr. Casey's care in a
very short time.
COWBOYS ARM
FOR AN ATTACK
Fight With Mexicans Is
Imminent.
Special Dispatch to Th* Call.
EL PASO. Tex., Oct. 23.-A.lvi.-fs from
Blsbee Aria., to-night describe the (situa
tion at Naco as critical. It has been
learned that James Ryan. Wiled » the
Mexicane yesterday, was a British sub
lect and Btepa are being taken by Britlßh
subjects at Naco to have the affair inves
ed by their Government. Joe Rhodes
and George -Man-, captured by the Mexi
cans are still In jail on the Mexican side
c line and are k. pt Incommunicado.
The cowboys on this side of the bonier
learned to-day that the prisoners would be
removed to an Interior town foi 'trial and
they arc determined not to let the re
mova take place, as they fear to trust
"heir friends to the Mexican guards, be
lieving it means certain death.
An effort will be made to rescue the
nrieoners unless they are released. i-mi>
1W cowboys armed with Winchesters are
(►assembled at Naco to-night, and threats
of violence are heard on every side. In-
Mexican garrison has been reinforced
by 200 rural.-?, fifty cordagos and a num
ber of guards. Colonel Kosterliteky and
General Foshio of the Mexican army, in
Sonora, have been ordered from Magda
lena and are on their way to Naco. The
offlcera have been enuatjpci in the con
ni,t againsi the Taqui Indians I olonel
Kostertltsky is known as the Roosevelt
of Mexico ' Serious trouble is impending
a Naco and unless the United States
- prevent it a bloody encounter is
sure to result.
RICH AMERICAN IS
ROBBED OF JEWELRY
Sensational Burglary Reported In
London, the Robbers Securing
Plunder Worth £15.000.
LONDON, Oct 23. Late this evening it
was announced that a sensational burg
lary had taken place yesterday at the
Savoy Hotel, London, where the mom of
Mrs. Stockwell of Now York, widow of
a New York jeweler, was entered and
robbed it is understood, of jewelry vaJ led
at £10,000 and bank and other negotiable
currency to the amount of £
Mrs Stockwell has been staying at the
hotel for somi time with a nephew.
' several detectives fmm Bow street and
Scotland Yard are hard at work on the
pnqe but thus far there is no trace of
the thieves. Mrs. Stockwell declines to
discuss the matter.
Want the Encampment.
MONTEREY, Oct. 23.— Lucius Falrchlld
Post No. ITS*. G. A. R., of Pacific Grove,
which includes Monterey and Del Monte
! in its Jurisdiction, is In the field for secur
in" to 'his locality the annual encamp
ment of th.- State Grand Army in 1901.
Much In the way of canvassing has al
ready been done, the members of this post
believing that by beginning early they
i will have a clear field for carrying oft th-:<
! honor when the decision is mad., at tha
; next State encampment to be hold in ban
I Luis Obispo in April. 1900.
Will Contest Abandoned.
DENVER, Oct. 23.— The Will of the late
i Geor'p-' W. Clayton, who bequeathed
> $1000 000 to the city of Denver for an or
'' nhans' college, was admitted to probate
Ito 'da'v in the County Court. The contest
of the will which was threatened by a
brother and other heirs of the deceased
I has been abandoned.
WILD SCENES
AT A REVIVAL
People Nearly Frenzied
With Religion.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, dot. 23.— Stirred by the words
and strange eloquence of Rev. J. L. Griffin,
evangelist, thousands of colored people
I who crowded every available foot of space
in thp Olivet Bapti9t Church to-night Were
thrown Into a state of religious frenzy
which startled even gray-haired old men
, who had seen many old-fashioned Georgia
camp meetings. Religious enthusiasm
reigned during the hall hour or more the
evangelist devoted to a story of the power
of the Almighty. Men hugged each other,
ran about the hall leaping and shouting
and fell rigid before the altar and In the
aisles. Women threw their hats into the
air, shouted and fought to gain the min
ister's sid<- and at last fell panting for
breath over the seats and on the floor.
When the women reached the altar they
were stopped by a number of young men,
Btationed there to protect the preacher.
But the men had a hard time controlling
some of the frenzied subji
Oi • y< ung woman weighing loss than
lunds threw three heavy men from
her and sprang several feet into the air,
landing in the arms of Rev. Mr. Griffin.
Ten strong arms were required to hold
h<r until she regained her composure.
As the enthusiasm Increased and the
audit nee became a shrieking mass of
humanity the evangelist suddenly threw
back his shoulders and commanded his
hearers to tak>- s.-ats. They obeyed this
command and quiel was restored.
Griffin is a dark-skinned negro of gi
gantic frame. His voice is powerful and
thrilling and he has b pronounced South
ern accent. He claims to preach by spirit
and nut by manuscript.
THROWN INTO JAIL
IN A FOREIGN LAND
Salvation Army Ensign 111-Treated
in Turkey and Not Protected
by the American Consul.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23.— The attorney for !
the Salvation Army has called the atten
tion of Secretary Hay to me indignities
alleged to have been heaped upon Joseph
Garabed, an ensign of the Salvation Army ,
known all over the United States as '"Joe
the Turk," who visited Turkey recently
for the purpose of visiting some of his
relatives. On July 11, 1899, he got a pass
port and necessary papers which he sup
posed would protect him as an American ]
cltisen in Turkey, having been a citizen
of this country for more than eighteen
years. On landing, instead of receiving
protection, he says his passport was con
temptuously rec< ived and he was seized
by the Turkish authorities and thrown
into jail.
By considerable expenditure, Garabed
says, he was able to roach a I'nited j
States Consul. He snvs the Consul not
only refused to protect, but ordered him
to leave the country, as the Turks liad j
directed, on the very nexi steamer, or
else to he incarcerated by the Consul in
the American Jail until the Consul could
place him aboard a steamer to some for
elgn port. Garabed took a Russian steam
ship and left the country.
Major Dibble Dead.
CHICAGO, Oct. 23.— Major Charles A.
Dibble, a prominent member of the Cht
caeo bar, who was well known on ac
count of his connection with the Grand
Army Memorial Association of this city,
died yesterday of pneumonia. Major
Dibble was for years president of the
Sons of New York. He was also presi
dent of the Union Veterans' Association
of Chicago and until a few years agr«
was commander of Grant Post No. 2S.
Major Dibble was well known to th«
many Grand Army pests of Chicago and
took a conspicuous part in all their gath
ering.'?. _
Tampered With Mail.
SANTA CRUZ. Oct. 23.-B. C. Epperson
of Colusa. found guilty of opening Mrs.
Louise Clark's letters to-day, was sen
tenced to pay a fine of $7o or <o days
in jail a motion for a new trial being
denied. The case was appealed to the
Superior Court, the defendant being ad
mitted to (150 bail.
• "?M $& HUDYAN
' i; '*f : SS? 3 nature' 3
m <*SL_.£i2 remedy for
if >??n^ffl^ * all "Weak
t^'* i^Si Nerve Con-
ditions."
Numbers 1. 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6 describe the
weak points when the nervous system is
letting down. Why suffer when HID-
YAN will cure you?
Is your strength ebbing away? Are you
getting pale? Do you tremble? Is your
memory clouded? HUDYAN cures. Is
your appetite poor? Are you thin and
wasted? Is your sleep interrupted by hor-
rid dreams? HUDYAN corrects all such
conditions. Have you headache, back-
ache, dizzy spells, pains over heart or in
limbs, a feeling of languor or lassitude?
Are you gloomy or despondent. Take
HUDTAN if you suffer any of the fore-
going .symptoms.
HUDYAN fills one with energy, vim,
vigor. HUDYAN makes one energetic,
strong, robust, healthy. HUDYAN cures
! all organic weaknesses and makes one
feel that life is worth living.
fiFT HIIHYAN From >* our druggist— soc
1 uli iiuinrtn a package; six packages
■ $2.50. If he does not keep it send direct
to HUDYAN REMEDY CO., cor. Stock-
: ton, Ellis and Market sts., San Francisco,
! Cal.
CONSULT HUDYAN DOCTORS — FREE
OF CHARGE. CALL OR WRITE.
j .
sann $10 to $20 1
, 1 Ip^^^roi v^s MB ° your su!t by i
'• i^^TJSi. JT i' II petting It made at
: r^^^TiAlJi JOB POHEIM'S.
• i^S^Klf^fc lfi§ l make the best
! i£J9\f9l c^ MB suits In the city
! y^H gk Op and charge less
■ itt&^v?'- Ta f£?- than other tailors.
• v^*^l^»'-'- yj\ » ■' : '" : : Perfection In fit :
■ j^H^^:"v<j V*'\ ft '■'<<• and superior work- :
• ja/r^ "'• Vi { •■1 vV;".:: manshlp Is what ;
J ■'■■'-'■'( t^^k'-'A^ry makes my suits so :
•(\ /J**i J |7| Tv popular. !
■ \\f&<Tj£> \vO>^ Let m make !
I U{/v Tl/i}»>r^ your next suit. ;
■ / '3 Jr i"5 Should you be •
: / " r TnJLOR dissatisfied in any :
| : . ; . ■ way with suits I ■
: Will refund your •
• 1110-1112 Market st. money. I make :
: 201-203 Montgomery an excellent all- •
I St.. San Francisco. Wool Suit for!
■ 1011 Washington St., *15.ri0. All-wool ;
: Oakland. rants for 94.50. !
! 143 So. Spring St., Elegant Over- I
• Los Angeles. coats for $20. •
!•••••••• ..._................... ..I
1 » ■■»■■■■»».— ■ HMM
<>O^O<^O^O<s>O^O'S'O<s>O^>O<g>O<s>O^O*O<f»
l¥iS^HY iS HEALTHFUL! I
I ♦ G9 A Natural Mineral Water %
£ fill with medicinal qualities, O
o WMI. or digestion and o
! % 4^p* Stomach Disorders, o
j I $mk So-called VICHY !
• jl^^^S IN SIPHONS I
i^ff LSJST VJCHYf
§ I^^J Get the Genuine %
Immk 1
g A. VIQNIER, Distributing Agent %
1899 -TAXES-1899
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN' THAT THE ■
first installment of Real Estate Taxes and all
unpaid Personal Property Taxes will be delin-
quent and 15 per cent added on MONDAY,
November 27, at 6 o'clock p. m.
NO CHECKS RECEIVED AFTER SATUR-
DAY EVENING, NOVEMBER 18.
OFFICE OPEN FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
EVENINGS, November 24 and 25, from 7 to 9
o'clock. "/
EDWARD I. SHEEHAN,
Tax Collector of the City and County of San
Francisco.
REPUBLICANS OF THE 44th AND
45th ASSEMBLY DISTRICTS.
' GRAND RALLY
TUESDAY EVENING. October 24. 1899. at
GARIBALDI HALL
423 Broadway.
HON. HORACE DAVIS and others will make
addresses on the Issue of municipal affairs
G. M. FERINE. Chairm'a n.
> IPS! DR. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
n Kg Five hundred reward for any
■— ' « case 7"' cannot »re. This secret
AM ml 51 cmcd >' stops all losses In 24
' SEd MX hours, cures Emissions. Impo-
<l'ii3 kill' 1 of 6 ? 1 v arlcocele. Gonorrhoea.
: SBH &m G . lee l' its, Strictures. Lost
■' ■? — lfrft' Manhood and all wasting effects
■ ' — — . ._ of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed, $2 bottle; S bottles, $5; guaranteed to
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
■ STITUTE. 865 Broadway. Oakland. Cal Alio
fcr sale at 107314 Market st., S. F. Ail privat*
diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
! '- ***^— " ~— ~^™" —
BOCA HOTEL.
pjINEST HUNTING AND FISHING UNTHB
■ Truckee River; pleasant sunny rooms, good
boating on lake; boats tree to guests prices
reasonable. IS to *10 per week; special rates for
families.. W. J. McDONA.LD, Manager.ENGLAND MAY FEAR
AN ATTACK BY RUSSIA
Much Speculation Caused by the Sailing oi
the Squadron to Gibraltar.
NEW YORK. Oct. 24.— A dispatch to the
Tribune from London pays: The sailing
of the channel squadron to-day for Gi
braltar is now regarded by the keenest
observers as an Indication that some un
expected attack upon ' British interests
is possible. The magnitude of the prep
arations for war, which are out of
all proportion' to the requirements of the
military situation, can be adequately ex
plained on the theory that the Govern
ment suspected that Borne great power
would be tempted to seize the opportun
ity for striking a sudden blow or carry-
Ing out a deeply cherished policy.
The quarter from which an attack of
this kind may come Is unmistakable. The
Russian press has had license to criticize
the English policy In South Africa in the
most acrid way, and a rumor that Herat
may be occupied Is already in the air.
British commercial Interests In Persia are
bo large that a Russian seizure of the
commanding; position in West Afghan
istan would be a serious stroke, aimed
directly against free trade. That seems
a more likely menace than the forcing of
the Dardanelles by the Russian Black Sea
lleet.
The movement of a powerful French
fleet to tho Levant coincides with the cir
culation of a rumor that the Russian ad
vance may be resumed In Asia while Eng
land is preoccupied at war in South Afri
ca. It also fits in with the explanation
of a secret agreement between England
and Germany, which I have already given
In previous dispatches. This was that
England, in return for a free hand In
South Africa in settling the Transvaal
' question, had agreed not to make any
hostile use of her lleet If the German Em
peror were to decide to follow up his visit
to Jerusalem with a serious attempt to
colonize any portion of Asia Minor and
to bring it under German influence.
A prominent diplomatist whom I con
sulted yesterday remarked that the nature
of tho Anglo-German agreement was the
closest secret in European diplomacy, but
That the foregoing statement was the most
reasonable explanation which he had ever
INSURGENTS
ARE BADLY
WORSTED
Engagement Near Calamba
Results in Heavy Loss
to the Enemy.
?i*oial Dispatch to The Call.
n'II-A, Oct. 2.", 5:50 p. m.— The in-
Lround Calaciba and Angeles
: .ie Americans lately with
their ks, which, like most
ks, consist of shoot
of ammunition Into their op
long range.
: the Thirty
impanies of the
. . ■ . ry, a battery of the
trnlng from <'v ; i >ye the
from their trenches and pursued
3, inlliciing heu\ 5
line American
re wounded in the Twenty-first
itenant Ferguson, with t
: the Thirty-sixth Regiment
. . untered a
[pinos. lie killi .
m itna captured eight, with ten
.
men from tl t Ma rivelos
. re, ■ • .:i!li2s from
: : , : ad the ln-
Illed one of thei
third. Tlie gunboat was
fire for fear of wounding the
B ttalion of the Nineteenth
>mmanding
1 lloiio to-day to reinforce the
RIDICULOUS STATEMENTS
OF FILIPINO PRESS
Eppcta.l Cable to The Call and th* New York
Herald. Copyrighted, l&W, by James Gor
don Bennett.
rBIDRO, via Manila. Oct. 2.l.— Gen-
Lawton Is now giving his pej
on to the ma I
inlng subsistence and ammunition
Rio <iroTi.li-. but they are
four miles away. it is a Berious
• ■in to undertake to supply troops
as the water is too shallow lor
wenty American prisoners are re
been moved n'>rth from
Mays ago. A Filipino new. ■■
the statement that Independence
en to the Islands in December.
i:i will be elected President of
• tatea. The newspaper also
statement that the American
■ : 23,000 since last F< b
• the policy now Is to make
fc'iit.
A Fillpii - who had been cap
■ view said he had no wish
mp, as they wore short of
amir ii n Isidro is to be put under
n civil administration. One hundred men of
rtb are coming to San Isidro
iiits A roconnoissance at Santa
• miles away, revealed a small
■my entrenched. Bridges
• at that point are down.
NOT RECOGNIZED AS
"PRESIDENT" AGUINALDO
WABHINGTON, Oct. 23.— General Otis*
the last Filipino peace over-
MANILA, Oct 22.— October 20 message
rpce\: . under flag of trine
iTr.si.iem Aguin
sion to Manila to ar
rant- inected with delivery
and to discuss mat
laracter. Reply '■*-
lon accredited by any
ither thai. •■ . naldo, gen
eral-in-chief of Insurgents, could not be
recognized or 1 ;co later corre
■ nco.
HOW CAPTAIN HOWARD
MET DEATH IN ARAYAT
WASHINGTON. Oct 23.— The following
telegram confirming tho report of the
death of ' Howard was re
■l at th* War Department from Gen
eral Otis to-day:
MANILA. Oct 23. -Captain Guy Howard as
sistant Quartermaster and quartermaster of
volunteers, was killed yesterday near Ara
v.r while in a launch on tha Rio Grande
Klvor by concealed lnsurpents. His clerk
a civilian employe and native, wal
wounded. Scouting deta<"hnif-rit. Thirty-sixth
Volunteers, encountered Insurgent* southwest
■ atf-rins them, killing six
capturi ■ ten Hflv h . n 0 casualties.
« funeral I . Ban Isldro
Th« forwarding of bui !t po int c^n
tinuf-s attended with some difficulty on account
'■■ h v. i;i be suD
! i\ct\ soon. Inaurg-enti • Luzon at-
I f'alamba. These were driven off No
casualties.
This morning Kline, commanding; at Palam
ba, vigorously attarfced insurgent foroe con
c«ntratlng on nil front, routed them from tne
heard. Denials may be expected, as a
p of course, but I do not hesitate
to repeat on high authority that the
British navy will not be used against
Germany in" the Levant and that this is
the secret understanding which has re
leaei d England from all risk of German
investigation in South Africa.
Certainly, Germany is not the quarter ,
from which England has suspected that!
some sudden attack might be made, and
consequently has ordered preparations
for war on a larger Scale than the cam- I
palgn with the Dutch burghers has jus- j
tlfled.
The channel squadron will not sail to j
the Mediterranean on account of any i
German menace. The relations of Eng
land and Germany are most cordial, and
the Emperor's visit next month is a plain
Indication that for practical reasons he j
onclled to a policy which enables
■'■ ritish Government to reconstruct
its Dutch republics and to bring them
r the authority of the crown.
England and Germany are acting to-»
gether in the Pamoan negotiations, but j
not to the disadvantage of America. In
deed, Germany's policy is now directed :
toward the establishment of the most i
! relations with America as well as
England. General Harrison, who with his
wife dined last night at the House of
Commons with Mr. Balfour to meet the
rs in English public life, would be
d witness for this point, for he was
entertained by the Emperor at Potsdam
and by the Gt-rman chancellor at Berlin.
The "moral effect of the earliest victories
was invaluable. Private as well a- news
ind official dispatches- certify to the
■ ment of the Cape Colony Dutch and
the estrangement from the Boer cause
of those who were hitherto strongly
. to it. Mr. Bchrelner, the colony's
Premier, it is stated, finds himself ln
•igly In sympathy with Sir Alfred
Milner, ihus justifying the firm belief <>f
who best know b<>;h men that only
act was nei bring the
Premier into permanent co-opera
tion with the High Commissioner. Mr.
Hofmeyer, the Bund lender, is believed al
to have dreaded this (■•injunction, i
which must deprive ihe Dutch secret con
:inn of political captains on which
it counted.
trenches and pursued them for three miles. His
casualties are one private killed, one corporal
and three privates wounded. Enemy's loss un
known.
The following cablegram was received
at the War Department to-day:
MANILA, Oct. 23.— Columbia sailed for San
Francisco October 19; Belgian King to-day.
Slam, via Honolulu, October 20.
»
FIGURES SUBMITTED ON
NEW SEWER SYSTEM
THE COMMISSION FILES REPORT
WITH SUPERVISORS.
Provision Made for Construction of
Pumping Stations in Various
Districts — Estimated Cost,
$4,600,000.
The board of engineers appointed to pre- J
pare plans for a complete sewer system i
Ity liled its report with The
. of Supervisors yesterday. The '<
board is composed of C. K. Grunsky,
Marsden Manson and City and County
Surveyor Tllton, with Rudolph liering as |
consulting engin< j
The engineers have performed their I
work thoroughly and their plans embrace j
Mission Fiats, Islais Creek, Bay View,
Sunset and Richmond districts. One main j
outlet sewer is to extend from Mission
Flats eastward along Montgomery street !
and under Telegraph Hill by means of a
tunnel 2500 feet long, continuing well into j
the waters of the bay. The total esti- I
mated cost is $4,t>"t,u\K', and it is believed ;
that the system, if adopted, can be com
pleted in three years. Following is the I
system in detail:
North Point sewer, from [slais Creek to
Eighteenth street, including 45U0 feet of
tunnel, 1139,688.
North Point main sewer, from Eight
eenth street to outfall at North Point,
including tunnel 15W feet long, screen
hou.se and two sixty-inch outfall pipes
$045,150.
North Point main relief outlets and !
special structure manholes, flushing gates
and connections with old sewers, $46, 50u.
Channel-street stormwater extension to
Seventh street; Fifteenth-street storm
water sewer from North Point main to
Channel street; Eleventh-street storm
water sewer from North Point main to
Channel street, $143,900.
North Point district sub-mains and in
tercepting sewers as recommended for i
construction in the sub-districts tributary I
to the North Point main by gravity now |
$930,518.
North Point district, manholes, relief
outlets, repairing old sewers, cutouts and
special structures in .the sub-districts
tributary to the North Point main by
gravity How, $86,199.
Lower Islai3 Creek district sewers as
recommended for construction, $47,409.
Lower Islais Creek district, manholes,
repair of old sewers, cutouts and special
structures, $7120.
Lower [slais Creek district pumping
station, including- 4700 feet of eighteen
inch cast-Iron pipe, but not including real
estate, £65,000. ; •
Mission Flats district, sewers as rec
ommended for construction, not Including
stormwater sewers, $220,364.
Mission Flats district, manholes and <
connections, with house drains, $24,075.
Mission Flats district, Btormwater sew
ers, including the sewers. on Fifth, Sixth
and Seventh streets, below Howard, and '
repairs and reconstruction of old sewers, !
$194,301.
Mission Flats district, pumping 1 station,
Including 4100 feet of eighteen-inch cast
iron pipe, not including real estate, $75,000.
Yerba Buena district, sewers as rec
ommended for construction, not including
stormwater sewers, $169,405.
Yerba Buena district, sewers, manholes
and connections, with house drains, $12,175.
Yerba Buena district, pumping station, I
including 2100 feet of slxteen-lnch cast
iron pipe, not including real estate, $65,000.
Yerba Buena district, stormwater sew
ers, including manholes, repairing old
sewers, cutouts, etc., $58,940.
Hunters Point, main sewer from Boyl
ston street to near H street south, as rec
ommended for construction, $217,569.
Hunters Point district, sub-mains and in
terceptors, not including Bay View dis
trict sewers, $115,373.
Hunters Point district, manholes, relief
outlets and two outfall pipes, not includ
ing manholes, etc., on Bay View district
sowers, $25,460.
Bay View district, sewers for sewage
proper, including manholes, etc., $13,238.
Bay View district, pumping station, two
receivers, Including 1650 feet of eight-Inch
cast-Iron pipe, not Including real estate,
$41,500.
Harbor View district, sewers, Including
thirty-six Inch outfall pipe and screen
chamber, manholes, cutouts, etc.. $146,993. I
Richmond district and Upper Sunset dis
trict sewers, Including sewers for sewage
of Upper Sunset district and tsixteen-inch
' cast-iron pipe across Golden Gate Park,
'■ nlso including manholes and extension of
the outfall pipe of tho Richmond main,
but not Including stormwater sewers,
185,150.
West Richmond district, Lower Sunset
district and Ocean View district, sewers
for sewage proper, including manholes,
trestle, pipe, etc., $120,320.
West Richmond pumping station, two
receivers, including 6650 feet of eight-inch
-iron pipe, not including real estate,
$42,500.
Upper Sunset district and Lower Sunset
district . stormwater sewers, including
manholes, outfall structure, connections
with the West Richmond main, etc.,
$244,406. ■ -
Engineering, contingent and Incidental
expenses, »0,443.
Real estate, rights of way, opening of
new streets and change of grades, $00,000.
Total, $4,600,000.
Uneasy passenger Con an ocean steam
ship)— Doesn't the vessel tip frightfully?
Dignified steward— The vessel, mum, is
tryiry? to set a good example to the pas
sengers.—Exchange.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 24. 1899.
INSURRECTION AGAIN
BREAKS OUT IN COLOMBIA
Revolt Started in the Department of Santan
der and Is Rapidly Gaining
Headway.
• WASHINGTON, Oct. 23.— A cableg ram has been received at the State Department from United States Consul #
♦• Gudger at Panama, stating that an Insurrection has broken out there and that martial law has been declared. +
Mr. Gudger's cablegram was to the effect that the departments of Cundimamarca, Totima and Santander are in °
o insurrection, though the city of Panama proper is as yet unaffected. The State Department has already called upon q
4- the Navy Department for a gunboat to proceed to Panama or some near-by port. The Marblehead is now on the west +
O coast, and if it can be reached it is probable she will be ordered to go at once to Panama. o
♦ On the Gulf side the Detroit is nearest, being at La Guayra, and if the conditions in Venezuela are regarded as +
° warranting het^withdrawal she will be sent across to Colon. O
A dispatch sent to the State Department from United States Minister Hart at Bogota informs the State Depart- "£
+. ment that a Venezuelan force Is coming over to assist the revolutionists. No Magdalena steamers are running. V.
O KINGSTON, Jamaica, Oct. 23.— Advices from Colombia announce the commencement of a revolution there with o
4. the object of restoring the financial equilibrium. The revolt was prematurely started in the department of Santander *
O last week, and is reported to be gaining headway. It is also said that other departments are prepared to support the q
4- movement, although the Government Is endeavoring to prevent combined organization, in the meanwhile suppressing +
O the publication of information by means of martial law and censorship over the news channels. O
*■ COLON, Oct. 23.— That the revolutionary movement in the republic of Colombia Is general Is indicated by disturb- +
? ances which' occurred in the vicinity of Cartagua on the night of October 19.* No serious alarm is felt there yet, but ?
O the department , has been put under martial law. Telegraphic communication with the interior is interrupted on both o
4- Government and private lines. Railway communication beyond the Magdalena River has been interrupted by the +
° burning "f bridges. The bridges are. however, being rebuilt, and It is expected that communication will soon be re- O
■*" stored. From all appearances the movement against the Government is concerted and well organized. +
STATEMENT MADE
BY STEUNENBERG
Assumes Responsibility
for the State.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Oct. 23.— Chalrmrm
l>uk of the Republican State Committee
has received a copy of a letter written
by Governor Steunenberg of Idaho under
• r 10 to Secretary of War
Root, in which the Governor assumes for
I the State full responsibility for all that
has been dune In Shoshone County in con
nection with the Cover d'Alene mining
trouble. The letter was written volun
tarily, it is said, by the Governor, on ac
count of the criticism which has been
made of the Federal Government Gov
ernor Steunenberg says:
"While It is not necessary to inform
you of the relative positions of the State
of Idaho and the general government in
the matter, as this status is clearly de
fined by statute, still it may be proper for
purposes of general information to add
that the Suite of Idaho is responsible for
all that has been done in Shoshone Coun
ty relative to the call for troops, the ar
rest, detention and care of prisoners,
the regulations under which the mines
« an and lave been operated from the time
insurrection up to the present time,
the regulation of all matters con
ng the employment <>f men in these
all of the above matters having !•'• 1
the immediate supervision, control
■ ;' the officers and repre
sentatives of the State of Idaho and not
in any way of the Federal troops. I
further Plate that the State of Idaho as
sumes and acknowledges all responsibility
for the manner In which the affairs are
icted In the Cour d'Alenes so long
rtlal law, as proclaimed, prevails.
"It .-■liould be stated here, however, that
these men (the prisoners) have not been
under or by reason of indictments
upon the part of the State, but because
they were men whom we could not permit
;,, be a! large under the present condi
t affairs in that section. The men
who were held under Indictments found
by the State Grand Jury and whom we
to try, escaped prison a few days
■ the regular term of court, at which
time all preparations had been made to
try them."
TRIA L OF WARDNER STRIKERS.
United States Grand Jury at Moscow,
Idaho, Takes Evidence.
MOSCOW, Idaho, Oct. 23.— The cases of
Kdward Boyle and others and Emll Fos
berg and others were submitted to the
United States Grand Jury here to-day.
The defendants are charged with inter
fering with the running of a United States
mail train and conspiracy at Wardner on
April 27 lust, when tho Hunker Hill coal
mine was blown up with dynamite by a
mob. The indictment is against forty-two
ns whose names are given and four
hundred others whose names are unknown.
It is expected the trials will lie-in Thurs
day before United States District Judge
■ ■ y.
Colonel Patrick Reddy of San Francisco
is attorney f<>r the defense, assisted by
i Breen and Clay McNamed. United
States Attorney Cozier v.-ill conduct the
utlon. Twenty-live Federal prison
ers under the charge are In the stockade
at Wardner and eighteen are confined in
tha jail at Moscow.
CUSTODY OF THE PRISONERS.
Governor Seeks to Hold Federal Gov-
eminent Responsible.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 23. — Governor
I Steumnberg of Idaho had another confer
| ence to-da.v with Secretary Root respect-
Ing the maintenance of Federal custody of
the miners who are now held as prisoners
in Idaho by the troops. The War Depart
ment is anxious to escape the responsibil
ity for th* further care of these prisoners.
On the other hand, Governor Steunenberg
• ai not see his way clear to accept their
custody, because he has not sufficient force
to take care of them. Secretary Root has
| suggested that the Governor issue a call
for a special session of the Legislature to
deal with the question. Meanwhile the
War Department will continue for a short
: time at least to hold the prisoners
Secretary Root on September 2S wrote
Ito Governor Steunenoerg, protesting
I against the further employment of
United States troops to guard the prison
ers, saying:
"I am informed that they are now being
used by the civil authorities of the State
and county as a guard for certain prison
! ers— upward of a hundred in number—
> who have been arrested by the civil au
i thnrities upon warrants issued by the
civil courts, and are held under such
warrants or Indictments found by the
grand Jury of the county; that these
prisoners, or most of them, have been
hold fur a number of months, and that
during the period of their detention the
District Court of Shoshono County, which
is the court having Jurisdiction to try in
dictments found by the grand Jury, has
twice convened and adjourned without
bringing these prisoners to trial; that the
next regular term of court will not be
held until January of next year, and in
YOUTHFUL HIGHWAYMEN
BEHIND PRISON BARS
a / 1 \HREE small boys Implicated in the supposed juvenile highway robbery
+ " I at the corner of East and Merchant streets, about two weeks ago, have
O 1 been landed behind the bars. The lads' names are, Stephen Smario,
+ I aged 10, of S22'i Vallejo street; Joe Govoni, aged 14, of 224 Vallejo street,
O "*• and Peter Grata, aged 10, of 322 Vallejo street. When arrested the boys
▼ all admitted having been present when young Johnson lost his eye and young
? Smario says he wielded the weapon that did the damage. The boys will not
J say that It was a case of attempted highway robbery, but young Johnson per-
slsts that the youngsters now under arrest Injured him while they were
O deliberately holding him up in an attempt to take his money from him.
4 There were eight boys in the crowd. The other five will be arrested as soon
O as the officers can apnrehend th^n. The lads left town immediately after the
♦ affair, fearing arrest, and returned a day or so ago.
? On the afternoon of Sunday, October 9, Sam Johnson, 16 years old, who
♦ arrived from the Klondike with his father two months ago, was passing
along East street, when he was stopped by a gang of boys. Johnson claims
O that one of the boys, who proves to be "Mickey Murphy," residing at 915
+ Preecott place, rode a horse and cornered him in a doorway while the re-
O mainder of the crowd surrounded him. They then demanded money and on
♦ being told that there was none for them to have they set upon the boy and
° beat him with clubs and pieces of gaspipe. : Then young Smario struck John
o son in ; the eye, necessitating its removal later The surgeons declared that
a knife had been used in injuring the eye.
O The boys' story is that Johnson attempted to take the horse from them
> when they beat him. Smario claims that he struck the boy with a piece of an
o iron hoop. The trio were taken to Central Police Station, where their names
♦ were placed on the small book. They were placed in care of the matron and
V . will be booked this morning. '•?■ :' ;;\
#-»-O-*O-#-O-»- 0-*- O-»-O*-O*-O-»- ©-♦-0-*-0-»-0-»-0-»-o>o-*O-*'o -»-o*-o-* o+o-*o-*-o-»-ch
the meantime, unless something is done
to prevent it, these prisoners would re
main in prison under guard of the troops
of the United States.
"I do not wish anyway to make any
suggestion relating to the administration
of justice in your State, or to imply that
the failure" to bring these prisoners to
trial has not been for perfectly good rea
sons in accordance with the law and prac
tice of the courts of Idaho, but I am
much disinclined to have the troops of
the United States continued longer in the
attitude of retaining in custody the citi
zens of a State who have remained so
long without being tried, and I feel bound
to urge that if Tt is not convenient to
bring the prisoners to epeedy trial you
will substitute civil guards as their cus
todians and relieve the troops of the
United States from further performance
of that duty."
Tho reply of Governor Steunenberg, un
der date nf October 10, asserts that the
withdrawal of the troops would surely
result in a great loss of property and the
I loss of life in that vicinity.
"Covert threats," the Governor adds,
"are constantly being made by those who
engaged In the riot of April 29 tha^as
soon as the troops are removed they will
gratify their revenge upon those citizens
who have b'en induced to assist the State
in the attempt to ferret out crime, and the
history of that region convinces me that
these are not idle threats.
"It should be understood that this Is
not a conflict between capital and labor,
nor a question of wages, but it is a con
flict between the State of Idaho and cer
tain criminal organizations which seek to
cloak themselves under the cover of la
bor organizations. We are not in con
flict with organized labor, as such, in any
way whatever.
"At the present time in the Coeur
d'Alene quiet apparently prevails, but it
is solely by reason of the presence of
the Federal troops. A large number of
theso parties who were in the riot of
April 20. it is true, have simply gone
across the line to Butte, Mont., and to
British Columbia, and will return imme
diately upon the removal of the troops.
Upon "their return there will be inevitable
j conflict, which in my judgment will re
'■■ suit In much bloodshed,
"In concluding my answer to this por
tion of your letter, I will say, that in my
judgment the necessity still exists for the
detention of troops in the Coeur d'Alenes,
and 1 ask that they be permitted to re
main to assist us In policing the situa
"As to the guarding of prisoners, I will
| state that on November 1 the State will
i be able to relieve the troops of all such
duties This has been our desire- from tho
beginning and it has been our intention
at all times to perform this service as
soon as we could, and we have done so,
I in so far as it was possible."
SAY THERE IS NO PLAGUE.
Physicians in Santos Deny the Stories
Circulated.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Upralfl. Copyrighted, 18S9, by James Gor
don Hennett.
BUENOS ATRES, Oct. 23.— Advices
from Santos, Brazil, state that the pop
ulation does not believe In the existence
of the plague and has tried to impede the
realization of the sanitary measures un-
dertaken.
The Diario de Comerclo, most important
of Rio Janeiro papers, publishes an article
by a well-known physician asserting
strongly that the disease at Santos is yel
low fever and not plague.
At Asuncion the situation is unchanged.
There are one or two cases reported daily.
Death Ended His Misery.
TUBA CITY, Oct. 23.— W. J. Gray, one
of Sutter County's most esteemed citi
zens, passed away at 3 o'clock this morn
ing, the result of a long sickness and an
attempt made at self-destruction on
Wednesday last. Mr. Gray has suffered
from cancer of the face for some time
and failing to secure relief became dis
couraged and Wednesday last arose from
his bed, took a dose of ether and then
proceeded to the barn and attempted to
sever the Jugular vein with a knife. Al
though discovered before dead. It was
only the means of saving his life for a
time. He was a prominent ranc-»er and
a member of the Odd Fellows.
Halloween Party.
Last evening Lincoln Lodge, Friends of
the Forest, gave a Halloween party In
Prospect Hall of the Odd Fellows' build
ing. The hall, tastefully decorated in red
and white and with pumpkins cut Into
fantastic shapes, illuminated with can
dles, was crowded to its limit. The com
mittee on entertainment, consisting 1 of
Mrs. Tryon, the president of the lodge;
G. Lacßiniui, Miss V. Mayer, Miss (irate
Streeter, Mis« Tillle Sharp, Mrs. A. Black
all, C. Lu riders and Miss May Buress, of
fered for the entertainment of those pres
ent an overture, cakewalk by Ashton
Brandman and Irah Parker; vocal solo.
Miss \>ra Mayer; fancy dance, G. and
E. Lackman; recitation, Miss Grace El
liott, and duet, Mesdames Waldo and
Langtree. All of these numbers were well
received and loudly applauded. There
was dancing until midnight.
Antonio d'Escobar's Estate.
OAKLAND. Oct. 23.— Anna Telles d'Es
cobar filed a petition to-day for letters of
administration on the estate of her
hut-band, Antonio Silveira d'Escobar, who
died intestate October 11, 1899. The
estate includes land in Washington town
ship valued at JfiSOO; live stock, $400;
moneys, $1200; unsold hay. $200, and a note
made by J. J. Sautes, secured by mort
gage, $400. The total value will not ex
coed $10,000. The next of kin are the
widow, two sons and three daughters.
SCOTT DIES OF
HIS INJURIES
Had a Record as Fighter
in Randsburgf.
Special Dlsr>atch to The Call.
RANDSBURG, Oct. 23.-"Big Scott is
dead" is on every one's tongue to-night.
L. A. Scott died this evening shortly De
fore 8 o'clock. On Sunday morning, Oc
tober 15, he had an altercation with Sam
Fleming and Jack Hartigan, miners, at
the Black Hawk. After undergoing much
suffering and many relapses he died this
evening.
Scott had the credit of the first kiiang
In the new camp of Randsburg. After sev
eral trials he was acquitted of the mur
fier of Charles Richards, a saloon man.
vv hen drinking Scott was very venomous.
ISo one could do anything with him. lie
vu 1 -* over tne average size every one feared
him and for that reason he terrorized
many of the residents of the camp. Some
■years ago he was struck with a piece of
gas pipe by a man in San Bernardino.
On his conultion becoming serious it was
decided to send him to the Sisters' Hospi
tal at Los Angeles. Every arrangement
had been made to send him this evening
Shortly before the train arrived he ex
pired.
Young Men's Institute
Une of the results of the visit of Su
preme President Frank J. Kierce to the
East recently was the organization of
what will hereafter be known as .the Bal
timore Jurisdiction, which will include the
eastern part of the State of Maryland
It will be instituted to-morrow night
Councils 6, S, 24 and 31 will hold a' joint
meeting in the hall of Council 24 in Ala
meda on Thursday next.!
NATIVES OF
GUAM HOSTILE
Leary Appeals for Re
inforcements.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 23.— Natives of
Guam, that Interesting Island in Ladrones
which became the property of the United
States by the terms of the Spanish-
American treaty of 189S, are causing
trouble to American authorities there.
Captain Richard P. Leary, U. S. N., Govl
ernor of the island, has sent an urgent
request for reinforcements, and the Navy-
Department and the brigadier general
commanding the marine corps to-day is
sued orders for augmenting the Guam gar
rison by a battalion of marines. Several
sections of this additional force, 350 men
in all, will leave various stations for San
r rancisco as soon as possible. They will
sail thence for Guam on army transports
Information as to the details of the
trouble in Guam are not obtainable. The
natives of the island were credited with
being peaceable. They appeared to be
glad of the change of government, but ac
cording to advices from Governor Leary
they have developed a hostile attitude to
the Americans and are not as peaceable
as was supposed. Their number is not
great enough, however, to excite any ap
prehension in official circles as to the
ability of the United States marines in
the island to maintain order.
This change in sentiment or develop
ment of hidden feeling may be clue to the
Spanish influence that prevailed and per
haps still exists In the island. There was
a small Spanish garrison at San Luis
d'Apra, the principal town, when Captain
Henry Glass, commanding the cruiser
Charleston, which was convoying the
army transports City of Peking, Aus
tralia and City of Sydney, sailed into its
harbor June 20, IS9B, and made the Span
ish Governor and his subordinates prison
ers of war before they wore able to
understand that hostilities had com
menced between the United States and
Spain.
This Spanish force of six officers and
fifty-four enlisted men was taken a way on
United States ships to Manila, but wheth
er any of its members returned to Guam
after peace was declared is not known
hero. Some of the enlisted men had fami
lies In Guam and may have gone back
there to live instead of availing them
selves of the privilege of being trans
ported back to Spr in at the expense of
the United States.
Orders were sent also by the Navy De
partment to-day for the dispatch of an
other battalion of marines to Cavite a
naval station near Manila. These orders
are the outcome of a request from Ad
miral Watson for marines to serve in the
island of Cebu.
«gr^ THE FfI|LUR E physic
<W*' i^SlF 3^ ' «Vh To cure disease is we " known. it fails because it
X^ 1 fm^^'- ! mT'i/ adds no vitalism » £ ives but poor relief, and if such
fc -'* f TO. T\ " i mw!/ h relief ls t0 be kept up the doSin has t0 be continued.
\w '*•'& rq%^iß J) mltti 1 / The use of medicines ls experimental. The man who
\:,|i|P^gf •. ? Jlfev has taken barrels of it has found it so.
xliMlli^^^V^^B^STv ' /■'''/ Medicines and blisters did me no I spent hundreds on doctors and
f "Uiall^.'V\ «' i V^tß^ tLVflmPJl '////// // " nd - Your Plot ' trlc treatment drugs and got no good till I used
.■'lB*^ i\w^4CX'-^Kk. ' Mgfmff'- , cured me - PATRICK T. derby, your Belt CE. ebert,
iV'f^-CXuS^^^V V^m. wS/Jijntlllj 36 Federal street, S. F. 185 N. Daly street. Los Angeles.
'I ' \\l\wC ffiuVWfb. '. r I• ■ X got no rPlipf from doctors and Your electric method has done
* I i\ , 1 X \\\\V**. X*TO\^^ote^^ rVMMWIhi If arups, but was cured only by your me more good than all the medt-
IU -^SKili ' V^^^BU^S^^^KSm//)/ treatment. J. S. LEWIS, clnes I ever used.
M ( "| V o^^^L'^^^^^wil'l El^lnore. L. a Co. W. L. CRAGGS. Grass Valley.
i \ — V.V i, \\ WW WmJiL-'^\^*s (| Your life depends on Electricity. That keeps the organs in
\i i >\ 'i li\ \^' \\ vi^^^ / action. When that force is lowered you suffer pain or feel run
\\^^^sf \ n^B^C^-. l^- MCLAUGHLIN'S NEW BODY BATTERY
vVa -^ — —^?>--_ A \t, >^^mßml^i ''•- Is a crowning point in medical science. It appeals to your rea-
\\\ / fo*—~^K /^*- > son - and by its astonishing cures is arresting the attention
\ i\L- I Hit -O\ A"v3llrmW/ •> of the whole country. The appliances do not burn the skin,
\\ u!vfiTO l : vV-^y'li. *>2^ T3t*' '' and have the improved switch regulator. -. . '
1 'ISkV/i'.-'^^l^r Vk\V^- The current circulates the blood, casts out impurities and
\l v '»>^w^- :: lia^W V ■•■#}k^ n -' carries in a stream of life vigor. This will relieve pain in a
' K '' 1 vSSffs^TOx'ii ' \ - ' \ -^~~^ few. hours, cure in a few days. Send for new book which ex-
w v Uy>Ci|i w \ 7 " :^^~T plains this system, mailed free, or call and judge for your-
» * V^^) >* '~~ — ~ " RR M A Mrl AIIRHI IN 702 MARKET ST.. Cor. Kearny, 8. r,
''>'*'* -. ' *' >-- ' '. i •• \ -^^^^^ j, i v^.' ■ '■*■ ' ' ■"•• HI, Hi itIuLHUUiI LI tn d Bnrdick Block Cor. Spring »nd2d, Los AagtUi
OfHce Hours— B a. m. to 8:30 p. m. ; Sundays, 10 to L NEVER SOLD
IN DRUG STORES.
THE EMPOEIUM- | THE EMPOBTCM.
Xp¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥42!
I. UIUI _^ "»
J Mounts, 2 5 c. P^Ool«f«n&iefi__«aAr-r' C ar/<7r «
» c^raftni4sL4«_3r--idMfw_4'j_fiAfYDE6TSTOftE:. * /o °-
t = — - *
t Art Embroidery Goods. I
* One-Third Off Marked Prices To-Day Only. *
* The cleaning up sale of odd lines of fine art goods, comprising %
J Table Covers, Bulgarian Tapestry Pieces, Art Linens and a variety ♦
of goods, some finished, others commenced pieces. Many of these *
» odd lots have been already priced reduced, but for this day only we *
* offer one-third off the marked prices. *
* *
* Tue^Jav On!y . Hani- Twadav Only *
I $2 Marseilles Bomev Misses' 2
* Spreads $1.58 ?I|m| 51 .25 5
"J seines Spreads, heavy satin finish, very &hnga<sz QQ/i 2
T large size. 81x90 inches, regularly $2, on *'"«'«*=» **J* G ' , , J
* sale this day only at $1.58 r^\\ M^es Don ? ola Lace or Z
.... i y\^v Button Shoes, new J
* To-Dn>On<y f- _2 opera toes, patent {
* d,***.B:J.Z, i— ifT I <.**s& leather tips, me- 2
fr tLiitgißSn jdfi^zM fvl Vxhw dinm heavy Hewed *
* Scarfs _*_#%^'jk V i^*^* > Plliii soles, a comfort- <■
* Off- f_r^^^ft \==*-^^^ l—^s'ab!y fitting and *
* JdCi *sk«r^|l durable • shoe, all *
* 50 dozen Ladies' ""~"r^ 4P sizes from 11^ to 2, that are sold re?u- *
English Scarfs, \<* y^w lady at $1.25 a pair, for this day 0n1y... J
very latest styles, iT yfw QBo 2
wide ends with '^ /^ s ?t^-' >^__ ____________ 2
*. embroidered Fieur J^ jl
* de Li's, made of /JV, To-day Only Selected A'mond Meal, <•
* good quality Su> ah // i AltttOMl an excellent prepara- <•
* silk, black, cardi- // $ \ fLV_«»f If tion jor softening and *
? nal, navy, white, ## IviGcil 11 C cleansing the skin, a *
J c c, the 50c kind, \s" V delightful addition to the bath and *
on sale this day \S toilet, in glas; jar 3 with perforated 5>
+ only at 350 nickel tops, at the very special price for T
#> __________ this day only .* #/© 4*
* To-Day Only We offer a hand- . 4 1
? MoWt*Bfv some Tot of Novelty __, <■
£ o-M to Siiks in choic color- Zm2 av y On spacial sale *
5 OfflifS OOf? inps, satin stripes, i Vwrittnff Tuesday 0n1v.3000 *
£ iD light and medium shades for street TVafa/A^c 7#» Writing Tab ets J
#. and evening wear— Swiss checked Taf- * «**»••?■* «& in note, packet J*
* fetas, in combinations of blue and white and lett ' r 55z23 » an excel'ent quality of i
* and black and white, that will make P a P"— note size 100 sheets to a tab'pt. jp
* pretty shirt waists and children's dress?s, letter sizd 50 > to-day each 7© *>
* r?gu!ar retail values 85c, $1 and $1.10 . «
« per yard, special for this day only at - ♦
J i ...68c Tn - djvOn! - v Children's fine fur *
» Millinery feit hat shapes, this j
* Q#*_k#tt«'«#^r season's styles, col- J
* «=> i£3\ f^ r^-Dj»- O«/v VpCCMatSM ors black, blue. red. J
* H WWW /I r AU ,nf tan ' brown and castor, yesterday's and *
* U~W>Ui f\~s ] M OWeM to-morrow'i . price 95c, sp3cial to-day %
* 1 lyW.^ 7 Brackets fnv 500 *
*• I *
|k XOCm «
* I Substantial 3- Silk, Silk and Velvet and all Velvet *
* jj prong Towel Brackets, like Roses, 3t06 in a bunch, all the new *
J jiy picture, finished in cherry j shades, will make pretty trimmings fjr 2
J l| or oak, brass mounted, on the children's hats, regu'ar 50c per 2
A W  special sale this day only bunch, special to-day only per bunch «
>J ' raW« each 230 2So *
*, "" I
k6ft44444444444444444444444444444444444444444^
EUROPEAN CRISIS
NOW IMPENDING
Powers May Profit by
Transvaal War.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23.— A special to the
Journal from Washington says: The
State Depa-tment a few days ago instruct
ed Its diplomatic and consular officers
throughout the world to send daily re
ports of the international situation as it
develops. The War Department sent sim
ilar word 'to the military attaches in
European countries and the Navy Depart
ment communicated the same instruction
to naval attaches abroad. Reports have
arrived daily since. The State Depart
ment is convinced that a European crisis
Is Impending. The indications are that
not only will an offer of mediation in
the South African war be made by Ger
many, France, Russia, Italy, Austria,
Belgium and Holland, but on rejection of
such an offer an "identical note" of in
terrogation will be sent by these coun
tries to Great Britain asking as to her
ultimate purpose in South Africa, is it,
after the Transvaal and Orange Free
State are conquered, to establish a great
South African-British dominion?
With no satisfactory reply forthcoming
the powers will push Great Britain in
diplomatic channels and make demonstra
tions at various vital points. The indi
vidual purposes are as follows:
Germany— For absolute control of the
Samoan group and an extension of her
Chinese concessions, as at Kiaochau and
Shanghai.
Italy— For Sun Mun Bay, China, and a
foothold in interior China.
Russia — For paramount influence in
Northern China, an outlet in the Arabian
Sea or Persian Gulf and concessions from
Turkey which will make her influence
felt in the Mediterranean.
France— For an extension of possessions
in East Africa with a view to encroach
ments on British possessions there and
regaining some of her lost prestige in
Egypt.
Austria— To share with Russia in con
cession from Turkey.
Great Britain and the United States
have an understanding whereby the
former will secure all her supplies in
this country and the United States will
refuse to participate in an offer for media
tion, or in the interrogation as to Great
Britain's ultimate intentions in South
Africa, or in any subsequent joint action
of the powers, and will agree to preserve
status quo in Samoa; to preserve integrity
in Shanghai concessions and prevent ag
gression in any direction or quarter where
the United States has material interests
at stake.
The State Department Is evidently pre
paring for some official development, for
it was permitted to become known to-day
that the powers prior to the Spanish
war were preparing an identical note of
interrogation as to our ultimate Intentions
in the war.
SUIT AGAINST
A RAILROAD
Water Front Rights of
Eureka Involved.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
EUREKA, Oct. 23.— An important suit
was filed to-day in the Superior Court in
which the city of Eureka is plaintiff and
the Eel River and Eureka Railroad de
fendant. The action is brought to set
aside the franchise granted that corpora
tion by the council that went out of offica
January 1. «
The complaint contains serious charges
against certain members of the old coun
cil. The Eel Kiver road has already laid
tracks along the whole water front, and
if the city is bested in the suit will control
the whole commerce of the bay.
The franchise is asked to be annulled
and the tracks declared a public nuisance
on the grounds of fraud; that the Eel
River road has no right to extend tha
road from Its present terminus at the foot
of A street; insufficiency of publication of;
the franchise, and that the Council did
not comply with the law in granting the
franchise in that it was not put up for
sale.
On the result of the case depends
whether the city will be deprived of the
whole water front, worth many thou
sands of dollars, and whether the Klam
ath railroad shall be allowed to enter tho
city. The case promises to be bitterly
contested.
Kobbe to Be a Brigadier.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 23.-The appoint
ment of Colonel Funston to be brigadier
general of volunteers filled but one of the
vacancies in that rank caused by the or
ganization of the new army. One more
vacancy remains to be tilled, and it wag
said at the War Department to-day that
it will be filled by the promotion of "Major
William A. Kobbe of the Third Artillery.
Major Kobbe is now in the Philippines
and has greatly distinguished himself,
and has been mentioned on more than
one occasion for conspicuous bravery.
When it was determined to raise the first
ten volunteer regiments he was named
by the President as colonel of the Thirty
fifth Volunteers. His promotion to brig
adier general will result in the promotion
of Lieutenant Colonel Edward H. Plum,
mer to a colonelcy.
Not an Incendiary Fire.
OAKLAND, Oct. 23.— The detectives
who were put to work on the Dingee flra
when it was supposed that the place had
been set on fire for the purpose of rob
bery, have practically closed their Investi
gations and have decided that the fire was
not incendiao'- The opinion is general
that the flames originated by the crossing
of electric light wires.
56
TUESDAY OCTOBER 24, 1899
JOHN D. SPR ECKELS, Proprietor. „
Address All Communications to W. S. LfcAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third SU.. S. F
Telephone Main IS6B.
EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 221 St«ven«on Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS, IB CENTS PER WEEK.
P'nßle Coplen, C cent*.
Term* by Mall. Including Postage:
TAHjT CALL (including; Sunday Call), one year...... ..# 6.00
J3AILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), € months 3.00
TAILT CALL (lnrlurtinjf Sunday Call), 3 month* .... 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 03 °
BUNDAY CALL ~in« Y.ar I.HO
WEEKLY CALL One Year 1 -°°
All peM.mr.Bten- are authorized to receJVJ »üb»orlptlon«.
opU copies will be forwarded •when rcqueated.
OAKLAND OFFICE ©08 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Mena£er Foreign Advertising. Marquett* Building,
Chicago. ,
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT!
C. C. CARLTO Herald 6quaM
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE i
*ERRY LUKENB JR 29 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman House; P. 0. >rpw« Co.; Great Xcctk«m ■•**!
fVemi.i:t House; Aualtorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
■Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. BrenUno, XI Unlo« Bquarei
Hurray Hilt Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.I OFFICE Wellinttoa Hotel
J. L- ENGLISH, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S2? A'cntgomery »treet. corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 303 Hayes street. ODen untl'
P:?0 'clock. 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Lcrkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock..
©41 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 220" Market
ftreet, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 1094
Valencia street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
tecond and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock
AMUSEMENTS.
. heum — "Vaudeville."
re a— "A Breach of Promise."
' ■ hite Fia;;. 11
. ••ie. ip
.ree Musketeers."
sj irators."
ter — Vaudeville every afternoon and
•
"iis streets— Specialties.
Steeplechase and perfurmances.
■
AUCTION SALES.
By S. TVatki ns— This day, at 11 o'clock, Horsen, etc., at 1515
This day, at 12 o'clock. Real
■
THE CHARTER SUSTAINED.
AT last I gle over the new charter
is at an end. It has been approved by the
. ratified by the Legislature and con-
Supreme Court. It has been sub-
■ trial known to our laws and
has been upheld at every test. All doubts as to its
:;>ated. The new charter is to
be the organic law of the city and the affairs of the
administered in accord with
• s by the officers who are to be elected
this :
Jh< iurt will be received with gen
eral gratification. Years have passed since the ef
in to obtain a charter com
mensurate with the needs of the city and framed in
c with the popular desire, and thousands
en expended in the various at
tempts to obtain one. It would therefore have been
a serious loss to the community had the Supreme
Court found the new instrument defective in any
particular or invalid upon any ground whatever.
By the decision the atmosphere has been cleared
of the last lingering opposition to the charter. The
avenues of municipal reform, improvement and
progress provided by it are now open and secure.
The one duty that remains to the people is to elect
officers who will wisely administer the powers which
will be theirs when placed in ofrice. That is the issue
of the campaign. The charter is secure and now let
us make good government under it equally secure by
electing men who are to be counted on to apply it
with wisdom, public spirit, economy and civic
patriotism.
For some time past certain Democratic politicians
and papers have claimed the charter as a Democratic
production. The claim has had no foundation in fact
and has never deceived intelligent citizens, who are
aware that when submitted to the vote of the people
the charter was sustained by votes cast in Republican
districts and was ratified by a Republican Legisla
ture. All that, however, is now out of the question.
The decision of the Supreme Court takes the char
ter out oNthe domain of controversy and makes it
the constitution of the municipality, the law of the
whole people. Nothing but demagogy can attempt
to make it a partisan issue and none but the dupes
of demagogues will be misled by such attempt!.
Miss Jane Dwyer, a local medium, has complained
to the police that some person sent her through the
mails a box of chocolate creams loaded with blue
!, with the evident intention of poisoning her. A
chemist, who examined the poisoned candy, says
there was just enough bluestone to make a gooll
emetic, and the police are now of the belief that a
business rival of Miss Dwyer was taking this means
of making her yield up some spook secrets.
The policy of expansion is making an insidious
progress in every direction. Two very estimable
citizens of Sacramento have discovered that the town
is not big enough for both of them and now one pro
poses to carve or club or shoot the other. The pro
posal, at latest reports, had not been accepted.
A dusky but charming representative of deposed
South Sea royalty, who Is among us, says that the
title of Queen or Princess never troubled her. She
neglected to add, however, that it created all sorts ot
a row among other worthy and well-meaning people.
The inconvenience of relatives has again been
strikingly demonstrated. The Emperor of Germany
is afraid to visit England because the world might
think that he is sympathizing with his grandmamma
in her war with the Boers.
lount chief of the Basutos has been get
. into print a great deal of late. That's the way
with those paramount fellows ever since Blount's
time.
THE TRAFFIC ASSOCIATION.
WE have called attention to the organization of
the mercantile interests of this coast in a
Traffic Association, which promises to co
operate with transportation interests in such way as
to protect the coast trade by giving it stability.
The Eastern jobbers have long sought to locate
the distribution of our trade at any point most con
venient to them, east of the mountains, From such
point they desire to reach the retail trade here direct.
To this end they have sought to powerfully impress
transportation, to force such a rate on less than car
lots of merchandise and to secure such changes in
classification as will enable them to add to their posi
tion of wholesalers at home the advantage of being
peddlers here. From its beginning they have sought
to put the Interstate Commerce Commission in a
hypnotized atmosphere, hoping that it would see
nothing but distributing points East, and West noth
ing but a country to be distributed to, clear to the
Pacific Ocean.
It has not been altogether an accident that this
coast has had no representative on that commission.
None of the present members comes from this side of
the Missouri. Mr. Youmans of Sioux City is called
the Western member, and if he represent us he has
almost the world for a parish, and his parishioners
see but little of him.
It should be the aim of the Traffic Association to
co-opetate with the railroads in securing a Commis
on this coast who sees through coast eyes
and interests. We use the word co-operate advisedly
and with deliberation. The interests of commerce
will not be served by the appointment of any man
who sees in railroads the sum of all villainies nor the
sum of all virtue-. He should be a man who ex
pect? to find Western transportation, overland and
local, alive to the fact that it has interests in common
the coast production and distribution.
The railroads want to have the business of mer
chants, not of peddlers. To do this they want all the
advantages of the fourth clause of the interstate com
merce law, which protects the ton per mile rate on
the long haul, for our overland roads have the long
est haul on the continent. These roads are at pres
ent in a position to aid in making Pacific ports the
jobbing points in Asiatic trade. By water we have
an advantage of from 5000 to 7000 miles in that trade
over Xew York. While this advantage subsists there
is no reason why we should not be permitted to add
to that the land mileage of 2500 miles to Chicago, or
3500 to New York, and so carry that trade from
here. Even then we bring its Asiatic source nearer
to New York by combined water and rail than she
. water alone.
So, instead of parting with our distributing trade
to our own population and turning it over to points
East by converting railway trains into peddlers'
wagons, we should control legitimate wholesaling
orce.
It will be observed that the very title of the Traffic
Association combines trade and transportation in a
common interest and a common effort. Transporta
tion is concerned in that increase of population
which comes with a symmetrical development of all
the factors of an American community. Where pro
duction, transmutation and exchange are all in proper
operation, labor of all classes, skilled and unskilled, is
in demand, and business ability, in wholesale, jobbing
and retail lines, and in finance, is profitably employed
and the whole community is built up.
There is no evidence that the overland railways
have any desire to restrict or destroy their present
coast terminals. They need on the Interstate Com
merce Commission a sympathetic mind which can see
the necessity of differentials to the commercial life
of a region that has a long haul on its freight. Again
the Traffic Association, by frank contact with trans
portation interests, has it in its power to protect trade
from that curse and scourge of commerce — railroad
rate wars. Whenever they have raged commerce
has been paralyzed. Rates made by roads in these
struggles are in their very nature unstable and
threatening of change. When they fall below the
cost of the traffic they imply a reaction for recoup
ment of the resulting loss. The unthinking rejoice at
a rate that loses profits to a railroad, while the mer
chant groans in spirit at a condition that he cannot
control, but which threatens his ruin. What com
merce needs is equal service to all at an equal and
fair rate, which is not subject to erratic change.
A Traffic Association which covers the coast from
Puget Sound to San Diego and sits in council at the
terminal points of every overland railroad can exer
cise a powerful influence for stability of rates and the
resulting stability of commercial conditions. Now it
is a supreme necessity that we have from the region
covered by this Traffic Association an Interstate
Commerce Commissioner who knows the character
and conditions of our trade and who notes keenly any
respect in which our mercantile rights and interests
are outlawed, either by the law itself or by the prin
ciples upon which it is administered.
The Governor is waiting, the dispatches say, for
public sentiment of the State to crystallize into a de
mand for an extra session. If there is one thing
in the State which above all others Gage is known
not to represent, it is public sentiment.
A COMMERCIAL MUSEUM.
SO much has been said throughout the East of
the wonderful work which has been accom
plished by the Philadelphia Commercial Mu
seum and the men who maintain it that it seems well
assured such institutions are among the most bene
ficial a commercial community can establish and sup
port. Out of the museum there has come to Phila
delphia a great export exposition and a commercial
congress which was in every respect the most im
pressive nf its kind that ever assembled. That much
has been achieved for one city, but the wider effects
of the museum have been felt in all the larger Eastern
cities and have been everywhere noted and appre
ciated.
In his address at the Commercial Congress ex-
Senator Edmunds described the work of the museum,
he being a trustee of the institution since its organi
zation. In the course of his speech he said:
"It is not a private corporation; it is not a body of
gentlemen associated for gnin, nor a State or na
tional organization, but it is an international
organization, . whose purpose and design and
whose work have been devoted to the increase of in
dustrial commercial intercourse among all nations.
It has gathered in its museums year after year the
products of almost every clime, and the manufactures
of almost every country on the face of the globe, be
ginning with the simplest raw products, in order
that her artisans and producers of manufactured
goods could see where they could obtain the advan
tages and the best means of developing their indus
tries and products through the aid of our brethren in
every other country who are able to produce things
that our climate would not produce. * * * It has,
also, samples of the products, raw and manufactured.
of our own people of every description and kind, that
our brethren of other countries could perceive what
THE SAN ERANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1899.
we could do and make comparison for mutual inter
change of products. It has established besides that
what in a short term is called the Bureau of Informa
tion. Its scope is much larger than that — it is an
encyclopedia of all the commercial relations on the
globe."
Not long ago a movement was started in this city
to establish a commercial museum here, and it was
announced that the officers of the Philadelphia mu
seum would co-operate with the enterprise. It is to
be hoped the undertaking will be pushed while the
success of the great organization in Philadelphia is
still fresh in the public mind. This is a good time
to begin anything that tends to promote commerce
and a commercial museum is certainly of that nature.
The British press had to join in the chorus of
"Hail, Columbia," when the American defender beat
the Shamrock. Pretty soon they'll be adopting
"Yankee Doodle" as the British national hymn.
IN his campaign Mr. Phelan plays on a harp of
many strings,* and is in danger of wearing some of
them out. He continues to accuse the Repub
licans of treason, and of being enemies of the people^
and at the same time begs of them to vote for him
and to bolt their own ticket. The present Board of
Supervisors, with a Republican majority, has not
waited for the new charter, but has instituted some
commendable reforms, and thereby stands in marked
contrast to its predecessor, which was largely com
posed of men of Mr. Phelan's selection. But he
denies that the present board is entitled to any credit
for its reforms. He, Phelan the Mighty, forced it
to be a reform board! He has recently fallen into
torrid praise of Mr. Joseph Britton, his Republican
supporter, and so far the only one publicly known.
Phelan praises his age, calls him "the Grand Old
Man" and other pet names. Age is a merit in men
who support Phelan, but an offense in men who op
pose him.
In his speech in the Twenty-eighth Assembly Dis
trict on the 18th inst. he said: "This is not the days of
'49. Republicans bring out old men from the past.
We are not old men."
It is really to be hoped that Mr. Phelan's intended
reforms do not contemplate disfranchising old men,
or having them knocked in the head. These whom he
calls old men and sneers at so flippantly had the man
hood to marry and rear families bearing their name
and the genius and courage to lay the foundations of
our institutions. Mr. Phelan himself is descended
from their class, unless he intends to go back to the
Greek myth and declare himself self-creative, or like
Topsy insist that he "jes' growed." These old men
at least had the energy to earn their own fortunes
and to create the conditions in which Mr. Phelan,
without any self-exertion, became and remains a mil
lionaire.
It is a wonder that he does not order the Bear flag
torn down, the State seal battered and everybody
older than himself sent to jail for the high crime and
misdemeanor of age and experience.
He is singularly given to the division of the people
into classes. He first divided the people into Demo
crats and traitors, the latter being Republicans who
will not bolt their ticket and support him. Now he
divides them into Democrats and old men, the latter
being those who do not support him and therefore
are denounced as Forty-Niners, who, of course, ought
to die out of Mr. Phelan's way and let him run things
on a strictly anti-'4Q basis.
Mexicans and cowboys along the Arizona and
New Mexico borders seem to be making fairly good
targets of themselves. As long as they confine their
pistol practice to one another there will probably be
no serious objection to the game.
SIR THOMAS LIPTON, who bears his de
feat with an equanimity that commands the re
spect of all, announces that he will challenge the
New York Yacht Club for another contest for the
America's cup in 1901, and will at once set about de
signing a craft to make the race. In the meantime
he has suggested to the New Yorkers the advisability
of taking the Columbia to Europe next year and
assures them if they do the Shamrock will try her
again.
There is nothing in the suggestion that implies dis
content with the circumstances or the terms under
which the races were held off Sandy Hook. It
means no more than that Lipton has carried into
yacht-racing something of the vigor which has
marked him in business, and he doesn't like to stop
while a loser. He evidently believes in his boat, and
while he purposes to build a better one if British
skill can do it, he would like to give the Shamrock
another chance to win while the new boat is being
constructed.
Whether the Columbia will be taken abroad next
year will, of course, depend upon many things. There
may be circumstances which would render such a
course inexpedient. It would be gratifying, however,
to the American public to have her go over and give
the Shamrock a trial in the Shamrock's own waters.
It has been a notable victory to defend the cup at
home, but it would be a greater victory still to meet
the best yachts of Europe over the famous yachting
courses in European waters and bring other cups and
trophies to attest her invincible superiority over
every craft of her kind the Old World can furnish.
The extent to which Lipton is ready to go to win
the America's cup is shown by his statement that the
cost of the Shamrock alone, without including the
expense of her crew or anything else, was about
! $500,000. The new yacht he intends to order will
certainly not cost less. His expenditures therefo-e
will far exceed the million mark and his yachting en
terprises will have to be included among the largest
in which he is engaged.
If the construction of yachts ended with racing
such expenditures would be anything but commend
able. The beneficial effects of the contests, however,
are far reaching. Just as horse racing has led to the
improvement in the breeds of horses, which have
given us the splendid horse of to-day, so the racing
of yachts has led to improvement in the construc
tion of nearly all kinds of sailing craft and has ma
terially stimulated seamanship. The vast sums ex
pended for yachts therefore have not been wasted.
Shipbuilders have learned from the contests some
thing which has been of advantage to commerce and
to industry.
One reason given by Lipton for desiring the Co
lumbia to cross the ocean is that she would teach
Europe a lesson in yacht-building. He is quoted as
Faying: "I sincerely hope she will cross the Atlantic
j if for no other purpose than to show them over there
J what a Yankee yacht is like. You can take my word
for it she would sweep everything before her." Such
appreciation of the merits of our boat shows we have
a foeman worthy of our most generous rivalry, and
it is to be hoped the Columbia will be taken across
i the seas next year to meet her old rival and all other
j yachts that dare to enter a race with her.
THE DAYS OF '49.
LIPTON WILL TRY AGAIN.
IS CREDITABLE TO THE CALL
Principal George A. Merrill Says the Plan
of the "Home Study Circle" Has the
Merits of Some of the Most Popular
Educational Movements of the Day.
THE CALIFORNIA
SCHOOL OF MECHANICAL ARTS. SAN FRANC ISCO ,
(founded by james lick.) October 7 ; 1899.
— —-• Editor San Francisco Call — Dear
Sir. This educational movement
you have inaugurated is creditable
Jjf%» *j$- to The Call. You are quite right
-^^m 1» when you say that it is impossible
fegp to measure its power for good. The
best teacher is not the one who can
jMfjjJHJfc tell his students the most. Real
■•^SS^-MI education is a process of unfold-
ing what is within us. Our facul-
o. a. merrill. ties are developed by exercising
them — just as muscle is made. It is the func-
tion of the teacher to stimulate and direct
the efforts of the student. That seems to
be the idea of your Circle — to prompt people
to undertake a line of profitable study and
to stimulate and direct their efforts in pur-
suing it to an advantageous end.
Your plan has the merits of some of the most
popular educational movements of the day — such
as the University Extension Courses, Corre-
spondence Schools, etc.
The subject matter of your courses has been
wisely selected, and in each group the differ_
ent parts are well co-ordinated. Your list of
contributors is a formidable one. It is not
easy to bring the services of such men and
women within the reach of the people at large.
Yours very truly,
Principal .
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
T. J. Field, a Monterey banker, is a
gnest at the Palace.
Ex-Senator James McCudden came
down from Vallejo yesterday.
Dr. D. O. Lewis, U. S. N., Is among the
arrivals of last night at the Occidental.
Ex-United States Marshal Gard of Los
Angeles is among the recent arrivals at
the Grand.
President David Starr Jordan has come
up from Stanford and 1b registered at the
Occidental.
Mr. and Mr». J. N. Shefton. two promi
nent society people of San Diego, are reg
istered at the Palace.
Judge John F. Davis, a prominent Jurist
of Jackson, is a guest at the Palace,
where he arrived yesterday.
State Senator Thomas Flint Jr. has come
up from his home in San Juan and
l,s registered at the Palace.
Dr. F. Plant, a physician who has spent
some time in Mexico and Central Ameri
ca, is registered at the Grand.
Frank W. Griffin, the wealthy young
mine owner of Oroville, is at the Cali
fornia while on a Bhort pleasure trip to
this city.
Paris Commissioner B. C. Truman has
come up from his home in Los Angeles
and is registered at the Occidental with
his daughter.
D. B. Banning, a Los Angeles capital
ist and owner of Catalina Island, is at
the Ooctdental on a short trip to the city
which combines business and pleasure.
F. R. Leonard, D. B. Blakeslee, E. J.
Fisher and John H. Donnelly, four lucky
miners from Cape Nome, have come back
to civilization and are registered at the
Grand.
J. A. Muir, division superintendent of
the Southern Pacific at Los Angeles, is
in the city for the purpose of visiting a
son who is attending school in San Mateo
County.
H. Z. Osborne. a prominent politician
and journalist of Los Angeles, where he
holds the office of United States Marshal,
is a guest at the Palace, where he will re
main for a few days.
Mrs. J. C. Kirkpatrick left for New Tork
last evening for a six weeks' pleasure
i trip. She will visit several of the East
TRY AGAIN, JOHN.
] em cities and spend much of her time
1 with her friends and relatives.
Judge Felix H. Merzbach, accompanied
by his wife, returned yesterday afternoon
from New York. Mr. and Mrs. Merzbach
have been traveling in the East and Eu
rope during the last six months.
The following members of the Los An
geles Board of Trade have come up to
this city to attend the meeting of the
jobbers of the coast, who are formulating
their plans to combat the assaults of the
Business Men's League of. St. Louis; F.
W. Braun, R. M. Craig, J. O. Keepple, N.
V. Newlin and C. C. Reynolds.
■»■ i —
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23.-H. R. Bush and
J. Hubert Mcc of San Francisco are at
the Fifth Avenue; E. C. Davis of San
Francisco is at the Hoffman; Mr. and
Mrs. Charlos C. Moore of San Francisco
are at the Holland; John N. Green of San
Francisco is at the Gilsey; F. P. Fay of
Los Angeles is at the Imperial; Miss L.
W. Dean and Miss T. G. Dean of San
Francisco are at the Ne-therland; Dr. N.
11. Morrison of Los Angeles is at the
Plaza; Mrs. V. B. Angared, Mrs. E. An
gared and daughter and Marie Portailer
of San Franeisi o are at the Martin.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. Oct. 23.— H. V. More
house and J. R. Patton of San
Jose are at the Shoreham: W. G.
Cooke of Oakland is at the Rigffs House;
W. W. Enyck of San Francisco Is at the
Arlington.
. ♦ ■
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
LENGTH OF TRANSPORTS— J. R..
City. The following arc the lengths of
the United States transports named-
Sherman, 445 feet; Hancock. 450.02; Grant"
445; "Warren, 370.07, and Sheridan, 445.U5. '
NATIVE SONS— H. N. Q., City. There
is in Oregon an association of Native
Sons and one of Native Daughters on
similar lines to the Native Sons and Na
tive Daughters of the Golden West.
AMERICAN MINISTER IN CHINA—
L.., Moss Landlngi Cal. The full nami>
and title of the United States Minister to
China is Edwin H. Conger. Envoy
Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotenti
ary. City of Peking. China.
THE YACHTS-H. D., City. The flg
—The New York World.
ures as to the cost of the yacht Sham
rock have not been made public, but it
is the general belief that the vessel has
cost something like $100,u00. The owner
of the Shamrock has not told any one
what it has cost him to run his yacht
per day since her first competition with
the Columbia.
REAL ESTATE-M. D.. City. An action
for the recovery of real property must be
tried in the county in which the subject
of the action is situated, subject to the
power of the court to change the place
of trial.
ARTISTS— X. C. Mo., City. Warren,
Davenport, Swinnerton and Edgren, the
caricaturists, received instruction in th>»
local schools, but the peculiar faculty
which has made them prominent in their
particular line was latent in them and
was self-developed.
SrZERAIXTY-Subseriber, City. Suz
erainty means paramount authority or
command. It is derived from suzerain,
which is lord paramount or a holder of a
fief when other fief depend. It also means
the supreme or highest lord, but
usage, a superior lord to whom fealty ia
due. According- to the feudal system as
developed in Northern Europe, every
owner of allodial lands was compel]
acknowledge himself the vassal of a suz
erain, and do hnmage to him for his
lands; the term suzerain was applied
to the king- than to his vassals who had
su-vassals holding: of them. By allodial
is meant free of rent, independent.
AX ESTATE— S.. City. If a man adopts
a boy according to law, dies and in the
will it appears that the adopted boy has
been made the sole heir with the proviso
that he cannot inherit until he reaches
the age of twenty; should the adopted
son die before he attains that age and did
not leave a will, the property would so
to his heirs according to the law of suc
cession. If he was taken sick and death
was apparent, he would have the right
to will the property which would come to
him at the age given in the will. If a
legatte dies during the life time of the
testator the testamentary disposition to
him fails.
AVERAGE RAINFALL— W. M.. Santa
Rosa, Cal. An average of "the rainfall
of the State of California since 1850"
would require an immense amount of
compilation and when completed would
not be of any value, for it would not be
anything upon which to base any calcu
lation for the reason that in some parts
of the State at times there is a great
deal of precipitation. v,-hile in others dur
ing the same season there is but Little.
The average in particular localities can
be furnished, as. for instance, in San
Francisco the average of the rain of fifty
seasons is 23.01; the heaviest during any
year was in 1884, when it reached' 38.82,
and the lowest was in 1898, when it was
but 9.31. The rainfall from October 1,
1898, to October 1, 1599, in that city, was
8.32.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by t..a
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mon.
gomery street. Telephone .Main 1043. •
Dr. Slegerfs Angostura Bitters—acknowl
edged the world over as the greatest known
regulator of the stomach and bowels.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell
PERIODICALS. BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
COAL. COlxR AND PIO. IRON.
J C WILSON &CO n? 00 Batt «y Street.
J- V- TJILJUI! a VU-, Telephone Main ISM.
COPPERSMITH. — — ~
JDPEPH FOX. Supt. H. RL.TTH Msrr
C- W- SMITH, fnd p «h. Plu^ bl - Ste.m&M
V IT •JillilU) and Ship Work a Specialty li
end 18 Washington st. Telephone Main 584 L
FRESH AND SALT MEATS
JAS- BOYES&CO-, g.yKi.^as"^ 101
FURS.
J. N. LOFSTAD. " KeB . rny *■ u P stai * u^i
J. 11. VVI JlftU, styles, lowest prices, remodeling
ir:>n FOUNDERS. — ~~
WESTERN FOUNDRY, 8™» a * ™jr.
PAPER DEALERS.
WILLAMETTE *"£ lajjggjS^
THE BMITH PREMIER TYPEWRITER V^twrv
USED EVERYWHERE. t^^Jw
Get Cataloi?ue C^££j=^,
• "We Rent Typewriters. T?l~iS»?ll
L. &U. ALEXANDER & 30., J§^^
110 Montgomery St.
PRINTINQ,
EC HUGHES, tn s,SHgS, F ,
THE HICKS- JDDD CO, fflSa, Fi b^
. STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Te^aphlo PARTRIDGE 306 California
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, K %Jz
SirfJ? LIER L ES ' lB the Best Coal In tUa
Market. Office and Yards— lso Main »tr««t.COAST REPRESENTATIVE
MAY BE W. R. WHEELER
President to Be Asked to Make
Him Successor to Calhoun.
Jobbers and Mamfacturers of Pacific
Coast by Committee Select Him as
Choice of Their Association.
WR. WHEELER of the whole
• ' Mer
rill city
. was named yesterday I
■ ■
Pacific Coast Jobbers' ai tur
»rs' Association as their unani
choice ■ :-" on the Ii
mmission, ■
■
The representatlvi
mento and Mar> r sville
■
tee, the permanent
■
Iff and other matters S ttie
■
Phey • evat
■
Ity secretary; also designating the I
a ■ ; •■ isttory
: iring
on the m aaklng
tlon 1 -it McKlnli
• ■
In the
■ ternoon i ■
by H. D.
as chairman of
Ittee «>f the jol
facturers. A dispatch had been
I from the Portland Chamb<
■ urging the association I
::imls-
Tlie matter had been talked of
In all the other cities rep
-sociatinn. The mem
imittee were ready to act
m Mr. w::
he had »ed the sec
hes to
■ma and other
Ing them to use their influence
representatives
■. .• Mr. Wheeler se
a committee was also elected to
.'. ith the California Con-
IOWANS MARCH
TO THEIR CAMP
AT THE PRESIDIO
Were Warmly Greeted
Along the Streets.
The Inwa men marched out to the Pre-
Bidlo yesterday and were m»-t at the camp
■ Washington men, who had the
mere over to dinner. It was a
famous meal, and the men from across
the water, with appetites keenly whetted
by a month on the transport, did It full
Juetlce.
All alone; tho way from the transport
do^k to th<- Prepid!o crowds gathered to
A Good Investment.
Acquiring stock in this company pre-
sents to the man of small means cr the
largfr capitalist greater opportunities
for making money than acythlnj? before
the public.
Disinterested parties representing
various associations have made ex-
aminations of our Contra Costa prop-
erty an<! report the presence of Oil in
abundance.
OIL STOCK AT $5 PER SHARE.
The low price of stock, larpe area,
oonB«rva.tl « management, close prox-
imity to market and the great demand
for r>«»tr3lc-uni makes this proposition
"g!lt-eclge."
we have bored 600 feet and expect to
strike oil in t»n days. Stock that Is
i-elllng for $0 now will then he worth
ten times that amount. Telephone and
railroad spur is now being built to the
property. .Investigate and you will then
Invest all you can afford.
Heport of the Fuel Committee of the
Manufacturers' and Producers' Asso-.
elation and prospectus sent on request.
You're Invited to call and ask ques-
tions.
American Oil and
Refinery Company
Rooms 322-323 PARROTT BUILD-
ING. SAN FRANCISCO.
Oakland Agents— O'ROUßKE &
JACKSON, 1002 Broadway.
grcssional delegation In advocacy of the
choice
V R Wheeler has long been connected
with Holbrook, Merrill & Stetson as
ratemaker. He has repeatedly appeared
la behalf of Pacific Coast wholesalers
and Jobbers before the representatives of
the transcontinental railroads and also
the Interstate Commerce Commission
concerning rates. In politics lie Is a Re
publican. The Interstate Commerce
Commission is now made up of two Re
publican: and two Democrats. Mr. Cal
houn, the recently retired member. Is a
Republican. It is probable that his Buc
vy'sor will be a Republican.
The nominee of the business men was
notified of the action of the association
md signified his willingness to n present
hem upon the commission if he should
,v named by President McKJnley.
The following members of the executive
■ommlttce were present: Waketield Baker,
A. D. Loveland, I*. Guggenheim, B. S.
Ulenthai; A. G. Towne, i 'harles Hol
irookj I. F. L'ttlpfield. C. F. : lv, B. Ev
;rett and D. E. Pond of San Francisco;
J. S. Goldsmith and C. A. Black of Seat
tle; T. S. Harmon of Tacoma; L. A. Lew
is. Harry Hahn and E. J. de Hart of
H. Cornforth of Marysville;
William Schaw of Sacramento: R. L.
«'raig. F. W. Braun, C. C. Reynolds and
.T. w. Lynch of Los Angeles. These
ers represented over 200 of the larg
est business houses on the coast.
A i.r.minatlng committee to bring in the
names of the sub-committees wls select
ed. Of the sub-committee the most Im
portant will be the committee on traffic
and the chairman of that committee will
to do the leading part in dealing
with freight rates. The committe--s will
all be named to-day, which will probably
be the last day of the session of the com
mittee. Murh of yesterday afternoon was
taken up by F-. S. Pillsbury. who has
elected the attorney to appear for
(■•■ fore the Interstate Com-
Commlsslon to oppose th>_- sait
brought by the St. Louis jobbers to make
! rates from the Atlantic coast to
: St. Louis and also to do away with the
Minis on carloads and less than
i n the \ v f the Pa
cific Coast. Mr. Pillsbury attended upon
! the invitation of the association and a
long discussion of the situation took place.
Mi I'lllsbury made many valuable sugr
; gestions.
pet a sight of the last men from the war.
There were cheers and handshaking and
greetings from every one, stranger or
i friend, for everybody wished to rush out
> into the street and clasp some soldier by
i the hand, regardless of whether or not
; he was an acquaintance. The regiment
: was reviewed at Bush street and Van
i Ness avenue by General Shafter and Gov
; ernor Shaw of lowa, assisted by a crowd
of citizens that blocked the street. The
men were assigned to one of the hill
! camps, that adjoining: the old California
• and Montana camp.
The lowa regiment comes home with a
I full list of officers, all vacancies having
i been filled Just before the men started
from Manila. The lucky ones were Sec
■ ond Lieutenant L. A. Williams of Com
pany E to be first lieutenant of the same
company, First Sergeant F. E. Over
holtzer of Company E to be sec
ond lieutenant, Second Lieutenant
William C. Mensor of Company
I D to be captain and regimental ail
, jutant, Fred P. Woodruff of Company D
j to be second lieutenant. The papers of
I the regiment are in excellent condition
! and there is not much work on the muster
j rolls left to be done.
The funeral of Mrs. Collins, the widow
j of the late Captain Collins of the Twenty
( fourth Infantry, was held yesterday from
the post chapel at the Presidio. She was
■ buried in the National Cemetery. The
pall-bearers were: Major Cowles, Seven
teenth Infantry; Captain W. N. Hughes,
Thirteenth Infantry; Captain H. C.
i Danes, Third Artillery; Captain Hork
miller, Captain Gale, Fourth Cavalry, and
Captain J. D. itch, Twenty-fifth In
fantry.
The body of Lieutenant Colonel Mllev,
which was sent home on the transport
Senator, was laid out in the Presidio
chapel yesterday under a guard of honor.
; The funeral will be held this afternoon
at 3 o'clock. He will be accorded full
military honors for his rank In the regu
lar army which was that of a first lieu
tenant. He will be buried In the National
Cemetery.
Fifteen men from the lowa regiment
were sent to the general hospital Sunday
as Boon as the vessel had been passed by
the quarantine officers. The sick men
! were: Homer W. Read, Harry N. Wood
1 and Corporal Arthur A. White of Com
pany A. Roland Mills of Company B, Ira
! Balrd, William A. McLean and Serjeant
Frank A. Buker of Company E, Joseph
Dewhlrst of Company F, Musician Riley
V Stevens and Alfred H. Lovely of Com-
I pany G, Lorenzo D. Bates of Company H,
Sergeant Walter B. Stevenson of Com
pnnv K. R. L. Dailcy, Edward Wood,
Corporal rHugh Goss and William E.
Hesse of Company L, Samuel J. Tilden,
Harry B. Brusnolts and Edwin J. Stotler
of Company M and Allen O. Garrell, a
musician of the band. All but five aro
convalescent.
Second Lieutenant James W. Lecrome
of the Fortieth Infantry reported for
duty at the Presidio yesterday. He was
a private in the Washington regiment
• ana has but recently received his pro
motion to a commission.
The transport Olympia will leave this
morning for the Sound, from where she
, will take part of tlf3 Thirty-ninth In
fantry to Manila. *The Pennsylvania
was to have left with her, but the recent
; discovery of a suspected case of small
fox on that transport has held her here.
t la not known how long It will be before
she joins the Olympia.
| Company E of the Thirty-first Infantry
THE SAN KRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1899.
WILL SEE PRESIDENT
WHEELER INSTALLED
PROF. D. C. GILMAN OF JOHNS HOPKINS UNIVERSITY.
PRESIDENT DANIEL COIT OILMAN' of Johns Hopkins University ar
rived !n this city last evening from his home in Baltimore, and is now
nt The Palacp. accompanied by his wife. He comes to witness the formal
Installation of Professor Benjamin Ide Wheeler as president of the Uni
versity of California, which ceremony is to take place next Wednesday after
noon on the Berkeley campus.
President Oilman will witness nothing new in the ceremonial, as he him
self was at one time president of the same institute of learning, serving
from 1!>72 to 1875, resigning during the latter year to accept the position at
the head of the great university over which he has ever since ruled.
Upon his arrival President Oilman was met at the Berkeley station by
President Wheeler and at the Oakland mole by Regent Hallidie, and by
both of these gentlemen escorted across the bay and to his hotel. To-day he
•will leave for Berkeley, where he and his wife will remain as the guests of
President and .Mrs. Wheeler as long as they stay In this part of the State.
When seen In his apartments last evening President Oilman proved to
bo a dignified, courtly gentleman, whose chief characteristics were his great
personal magnetism and his pleasant willingness to extend courtesy to his
visitors.
He spoke of a pleasant trip across the continent and of the plans he and
his wife had ma v a short vacation, which embraces a two weeks"
stay in the vicinity of. San Francisco and then a trip to the southern part
of the coast, where they will put In a similar length of time resting and
enjoying themselves. Their subsequent movements have not yet been defi
nitely settled, but they will probably return home via the southern route.
Presidi nt Oilman refused to express his views on the question of annexa
tion, as he said he was reserving them lor his speech next Wednesday, when
they would be fully exploited.
The head of Johns Hopkins University was born at Norwich, Conn., in
lsr.l. He graduated from Vale In 1852, and then spent several years In fur
ther study attending lectures at various seats of learning in this country
and then going to Germany, where he graduated from the Berlin University.
He Has received many honors and has been proffered many public posi
tions, and is at present a member of the Venezuela Boundary Commission.
President Oilman is also an author, and two of his works in particular— his
"Life of President James Monroe" and "Introduction to Democracy in
America"— have succeeded in placing him among the foremost literary men
of this country.
determined to have a good meal of some
thing better than Government straight
before it loaves for Manila, arranged tor
a banquet last Sunday and invited its own
officers and the field officers of the regi
ment to the feast. There was roast beef
and roast pork, and sweet potatoes and
Irish potatoes and fruit, pie and coffee.
Sergeant Melvln W. Myler and Sergeant
Frank 11. Powell were in charge of af
fairs. Music was furnished by Corpora
Archie Braver on the mandolin and Pri
vate McKeen with the guitar. Captain
W H Gillen water of Company B was
made the guest of honor.
Captain James B. Hughes of the
Fourth Cavalry has been failed to act
a« quartermaster and commissary of the
stock transport Centcnnia .
The number of troop to sail on the
transport Manauense has been r
from 270 to 175 First Lieutenant ll. .ward
1 T-eubach Twenty-third Infantry, has
been assigned to the transport Pennsyl
van?a a quartermaster ancf commissary.
A detachment of ITS assigned recruit*
have been ordered to make ready t ;
i the Pennsylvania. lhe> »m "<■■
TSSfuwMnMt Charts E. Marro^
, l ,T£n/hls assignment to Manila.
IOWA BOYS' RECORD
IN THE PHILIPPINES
The Fifty-first lowa, the last except
the First Tennessee of the volunteer reg
lments to return from the Philippines
Ss had an experience that fell to the lot
of none of the others. More than one
third of the whole time since they left
here has been spent on board of a trans
port-ninety-three days on the Pennsyl
vania going out and thirty on the Sen
ator returning. The regiment arrived In
San Francisco on June 9. 1898, and after
being three times disappointed finally
got away for Manila on November 3, ar
riving there December 6.
The Hollo expedition was in expectancy
and the regiment was kept on board the
ship with a view of sending it to thai
place, for which it Bailed on December
V, The men were not disembarked thr>re,
however, but returned to Cavlte on Jan
uary 31 and disembarked on February 5,
having been continuously afloat for three
months and three days, during all of
which time there was not a single death
and but two men sick in the whole regi-
m They went into camp at Cavite and
Colonel Loprr was put in command of the
district. On February 8 they took part
in the capture of San Rogue and in the
sharp fight of the 35th, but lost no men.
On February 18 Major Duggan was
ordered with the first battalion to the
south line below Manila, near Pasay.
There they were on constant duty and
in much sharp lighting until March 28,
when they were withdrawn to Cavite.
On April 16 the entire regiment joined
Mac Arthur's division at Malolos by way
of Malabon, and were assigned to Hale's
brigade. From that time until the end of
the campaign their movements were
Identified with those of the brigade. They
were under fire fifteen times, and the
casualty lists will tell the story of their
battles and losses.
At the capture of San Fernando the
lowans charged across the river in the
face Of a heavy fire, and driving the en
emy before them were the first to enter
the burning insurgent capital. When
withdrawn from the front the regiment
had but 218 men fit for duty out of the
1020 enlisted men and fifty officers. Fifty
one were invalided home, forty dis
charged at Manila and seventy-one men
and two officers revolunteered, leaving 769
men and forty-nine officers to' return.
The regiment never set foot in Manila
until It was ordered home. Altogether It
has had a unique experience.
Of Course
The Cafe Zlnkand is the place to ko after the
theater for a little supper an..l excellent music*
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce have been granted
Emma OUtzsky from Frederick Olitzsky
on the ground of willful neglect and Lillie
Mehler from Max Mehler on the ground
of cruelty. Suits for divorce have been
filed by Herman Bngel against Annie
Engel, for infidelity, and Mary K. Butler
against Benjamin F. Butler for failure
to provide.
Funeton's Fighting Regiment at Me- j
chanlcs' Pavilion to-night. Tickets and
reserved seats at Sherman, ciay&co.'s. «j
COUTH EXPOSED
TO SHAME IN A
DIVORCE COURT
His Wife Secures an
Absolute Decree.
Benjamin A. Curtaz has been divorced,
his Buffering wife being granted an abso
lute decree upon the ground of his shame
less Immorality and infidelity. Superior
Judge Daingerfield, before whom the
wife's suit for divorce was tried, granted
her an absolute divorce, awarded her $125
a month alimony and gave her the cus
tody of the two minor children, Benjamin
F., aged 5 years, and Albert H. Curtaz,
aged 4 years.
The testimony in the c;ise will not bear
repeating. Jt was sufficient to prove every
allegation of the wife and to reveal the
husband as out; false to every vow of
married life and dead to every principle
that men of honor respect.
Witnesses were summoned to the stand
to tell the story of the husband's of
fenses in many places and at many times.
The disagreeable story traced the shame
less husband from house to house, in the
city and out of town and back again into
his very home in his violation of the vows
that decency alone might have made him
respect at his own fireside. Hotel pro
prietors, servants and lackeys told the
story and linked the name of the derelict
hu.sband with that of a woman known as
May Schribner, who figured in the com
plaint aa co-respondent.
This concluded the testimony of the
witnesses summoned to substantiate Mrs.
Curtaz's charges and the plaintiff was
then cailed to the stand. In a gentle tone
of voice she told the court the story of
her sufferings, tmd said that she had al
ways tried to bo a true and devoted wift
and could find no excuse for her hus
band's shameless actions. She said that
nftor her return fram Oakland she was
unaware of her husband's degraded ac
tions until the woman in the case calltd
him up by telephone. "I insulted her,"
bald Mrs. Curtas, "and then my husband
flew into a rage and left the house." At
this point Judge Daingerflold interrupted
the proceedings by asking that the prayer
of Mrs. Curtaz's complaint be read, which
was done, and without delay the court
f ranted Mrs. Curtaz the desired relief.
Irs. Curtaz then spoke up and asked the
( ourt to make an order preventing Mr
Curtaz from ccmlng to the house after
dark to see the children, and also begged
that the court make an order decreeing
that Curtnz was not to take the children
(.lit of the house- unleps accompanied by
one of Mrs. Curtas' a friends. "My reason
for this," said Mrs. Curtaz, "is to pre
vent my husband from taking the chil
dren to that woman's rooms, as 1 know
he has done In the past." The plea was
granted and It went on record that Ben
jamin A. Curtaz, vice president of the
firm of Benjamin Curtaz &, Son, had so
reached the depths of degradation that
Electricity for Weak Men.
.; / - A I \!i/ Them Is nothinc Tike EI/ECTHICIT X to
\y/ *^&iA\li \\T.v»f*f*"A'\ 1) pu4 l " e> vlm an * rl S c *«' Into weak men or
\\ lOf^/^^^iH^^Ll^liji^-^^iA/^/ women. X)ruKa glvo but tamporary relief;
O^MQiißS^O^v^*J^^As?*fe»sSjStlv^^ act saerely as a stimulant, but Blactrlcity
■^^^f^f^^^^^^tvVJ-Tvdto^. KOes t0 «•" weak P arts of th " bod y ln -
<l 3i^<(. i^M^VpmSlS' »tantr.necuely, imrnrtlns nature"? force
A&x%V^^<£r^%»sn \^Ui^B thereto and doing ths required T^ork sure-
JIBL Jwß&P'ffij-'T^'^^^^^TS _ gj^B ly and In * permanent manner. It "run
mgK^SJ^r^^- t VSH' > %''ty >l -*tM?C^«i < !own " In health and strength you had
HH^/'yV' k^'J~ y \xMs\ better try electricity. Use an BUctrlo
Ef?«^?*a&*L_ '^HXh\vZ£v ~i**ift%!Esm Uelt, for th'.s '• the boat method of ap-
WBBBtMi l rv!!!l!!!il ?tHt£yi!'™^?\ f ll'fW'jHlff P'yl* 1 * it, but be »ure you gret a good one
VDMij UJ l^'^^SjßaSPMAf'illiMJß^^ while you are about It; in short, try "Dr.
t^Si'-'cF, ri\ «■• BOSS'S*?? !2?«tiisS«3 E - PlerceV." for it la guaranteed to be the
IS^Ma£ijW1 S^Ma£ijW best Electric Belt on earth.
V^^>^ltS i^^^^S^ ; VY^\^^y^ 1 "Booklet No. J." fre« at ot&ca or
! T^ia/' i\A - _.j<^."\r"'^^-*Tv'jl s - "tS* ty rtatl for a*° et&mi? ' ttUi "^
'' • -^^^i3»4?* PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
620 MARKET STREET,
\ VJ\ .pprMlto Ptl«o« Hot»l, San Fr.nol.eo.
IMPORTANT RULING IN
THE FAIR WILL CASE
Judge Troutt Sustains Mrs,
Nettie Craven's Demurrer.
In Addition to Hastening the Hearing of
Her Petition His Opinion Opens Up
Questions of Probate Law.
THE fighting chances of Mrs. Nettle
R. Craven-Fair for a slice of the
millions of the late Senator Fair
have not only been Increased by a
ruling made yesterday by Superior
Judge Troutt. but, if his opinion is
good law, questions of probate long since
considered settled will undoubtedly arise
to torment heirs and make fat fees for
lawyers.
Judge Troutt's ruling: was made as part j
of the proceeding on "Mrs. Craven-Fair's
petition filed some time ago for a family
allowance of $5000 a month, pending the
determination of her claim to widow
hood." To this petition the Fair children
—Mrs. Herman Oelrichs, Charles Fair and
Mrs. W. K. Vanderbllt Jr.— filed an an
swer, in which they Eet up that Mrs. !
Craven was estopped from claiming heir
ship by the decree of partial distribution
granted In April, 1597, by Superior Judge
Slack, In which the decision was reached
that the next of kin and sole heirs-at
law of the late James G. Fair were the
' three children. To this answer Mrs:
Craven-Fair's attorneys— W. W. Foote,
Pence & Pence, Judge Denson and A.
Rupf— demurred. Arsniroentu on thp dp
murrer by Pence & Pence for the peti
tioner and Charles Heggcrt} and \\ . S.
Wood, for respondents, were concluded
last Friday and the demurrer was bu
tained yesterday by Judge Troutt, who
holds that the question of heirship can
only be finally determined either upon
the granting of a final decree of distribu
tion or by a special proceeding, which
cannot be brought within less than a
year after the issuance of letters of ad
ministration.
"In the first and the second 'separate
answers' set forth in the amended an
swers of the children of decedent to the
petition of Nettie R. Craven-Fair for an
allowance to her as the widow of de
cedent," says Judge Troutt in his opinion,
"they claim that the decree of partial
distribution, made within five months
after the issuance of letters testamen- j
tary on their application, estops her from
claiming to be the surviving wife of de
cedent, for the reason that she knew of j
such application, and that In said decree
there is a recital that said children are I
the sole heirs of decedent.
"The aforesaid contention of decedent's
children is, in my opinion, unsound; for j
I take the view that on the hearing of
the application for a partial distribution
the court had not the power under the
statute to determine who were all of the
persons entitled by law to share In the
final distribution of decedent's estate."
Continuing the court said:
Proceedings for the administration of the
estates of deceased persons and for their
distribution to those who may be entitled
thereto. Including the determination of the
heirs of the decedent, are purely statu
tory. The Superior Court, while sitting a3
a court of probate, has only such powers
as are given It by the statute, and such
Incidental powers as pertain to all courts
for the purpose of enabling them to exer
cise the Jurisdiction which is conferred upon
them. Although It Is a court of general
Jurisdiction, yet In the exercise of these
powers Its Jurisdiction Is limited and spe
cial, and whenever Its acts are shown to
have been In excess of the power conferred
upon It or without the limits of this special
Jurisdiction such acts are nugatory and have
no binding effect, even upon those who
have invoked its authority or submitted to
Its decision. The statute permits the ques
tion of heirship and the rights and Inter
eats Of all persona to be determined only
upon the final distribution of the estate
(sees. 1634 and 1665, C. C. P.) or after the
lapse of one year from the Issuance of
Letters Testamentary. (Sec. 1664, C. C. P.
In re Oxarat, 78 Cal., 109.)
Mrs. Craven and her attorneys were
highly pleased at this quick turn of af
fairs," as it allows them to proceed at
once to trial to establish her claim of
widowhood, without the necessity of go
ing to the Supreme Court, as they would
have been compelled to do had the de
murrer been overruled on this point.
"The effect of Judge Troutt's ruling,"
he would take his babies into the home
of a woman whose actions prove her to
be among the last among women with
whom innocent children should be allowed
to associate.
LITERARY LADIES' SOUVENIRS.
Women's Press Association Holds an
Enjoyable Social.
Yesterday was souvenir day for the i
Pacific Coast Women's Press Associa- ,
tion, and each member who contributed
to the afternoon's entertainment had
something interesting to say or exhibit in
connection with hn?r travels.
Mrs. Alice Kingsbury Cooley opened the
programme with a collection of Philippine
souvenirs, collected by her son. The re
mainder of the programme was made up
of the following:
"Mementos of Hayti." Mrs. Barbara
Knell; "An T r neonscious Hypnotist." Mrs.
Percy Weetas; piano solo, Professor Mar
tinez; "The Necklace of a Cannibal
Chief." Mrs. Mary E. Hart: "A Memory
of 81am," Mine. Guido Spitz; "Alaskan :
Curios," Miss Augusta Friedrich; "A
Sampler," Miss Harriet M. Skulmore;
"Old Thingß.' 1 Mrs. Emellne M. North;
song, "Ninon," Mrs. L,eopo!dine Strffanl.
Refreshments were served after the en
tertainment. Prior to the rendition of the
programme a business meeting was h^ld,
at which it was settled that' a reception
be tendered to Howard Malcolm Tichnor,
M. A., at the Berkshire Hotel, early in
November. The meeting was presided
over by Miss Augusta Friedrich.
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure. One dose will stop
a cough. Never falls. Try it. 23c. All druggists.*
Suicide in Jail.
REDDING, Oct. 23.— A stranger occu
pying a cell in the jail at the town of
Shasta, where he was being held await
ing examination as to hrs sanity, was
found hanging in Jail this morning. The
unfortunate man had applied for admit
tance to the County Hospital about mid
night Sunday. After being taken in he
created such a disturbance that the
Shasta officers were sent for, who placed
him in jail. He was evidently insane.
Brown Is In town.
said W. W. Foote, senior counsel for Mrs.
Craven-Fair, "will be that we will now
proci ed to try our action to determine
the widowhood of our client in the pro
ceeding for family allowance. That is
set, 1 believe, for the l'oli of next month.
If th'- court had ruled against us we could
not have k"Hc- on with that action until
after we bad secured a reversal from the
Supreme Court. That would have taken
a great deal of time. This decision of
Judge Troutt hastens matters wonder
fully."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
|WE HAVE 1
I STRUCK OIL. I
■ Unlike other companies, we first sunk Lgj
> small test wells to determine positively ra
; whether or not our lands were 011-b«ar- la
i Ing befr.re asking the public to invest U
j with the result that we li
| STRUCK OIL If
! In our test wells. "40 acres. In the very II
; heart of the Bakersfleld district, dcs- Kg
' tlned to become one of the greatest oil- fJ
j producing districts in the world. ||
■ WE HAVE A CERTAINTY. I
| It is only necessary to lay a pipe line I
I about two miles and put down a large g
I well when we can commence paying I
' dividends. j|
I TO DO THIS QUICKLY ft
: We are going to Fell 10,000 shares of I
I treasury stock at Xc per share, after I
; which there will be a large advance or 1
J withdrawn from sale entirely. I
I At this low price you have the cer- E
I tainty of realizing from 20 to 50 times R
j the amount of your investment within |
■ ninety days. Application for shares c
! must be made quickly if any of these F
j shares are desired. |
' MAIL ORDERS |
I Will receive prompt attention. For fur- i
ther information and prospectus write i
t Or call j
i PETROLEUM ¥NTER OIL CO,
| 29 KILLS BUILDING, THIRD FLOOR. |
CO"VRiftMT .«»*. r
A MAN WHO IS NOT
FASTIDIOUS
About his laundry work will take It to
"any old place," but those who are
well bred and want their linen to be
faultless in its color and finish will seek
out the United States Laundry In time,
just as water finds its level. Our laun-
dry work is incomparable, and is the
perfection of the laundryman's art.
Try us!
"No saw-edgres."
United States Laundry. Offica
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
Oakland Office. 514 Eleventh St. |
».-<M^M'», !^^viiaaMi>!wy,|i||| < ieii^ft*
I FORTUNES A, i
] in \
! Big Panoche
OIL STOCK \
Prospectus and Maps Free
206 Kearny St. San Francisco
|, I Listed on California Oil Exchange
ALL AILMENTS OF MEN CURED. I
| DR. METERS ft CO. have trie largest prac- E§
i tice and best equipped medical Institution ■
jon the Pacific Coast. Established IT years. H
I PRIVATE BOOK and advice free at otflc* B
:or by mall. All letters confidential. s
■731 Market St., San Francisco. 1
»«»»««•«»» «»»»»»•»»«»•>»•■
I i , Transcontinental tourists and tray- 
| | e'ers from all over the United States (
I show their appreciation of. the excel-
lence of the T
} PALACE a ND ♦
GRAND ||
1 ' by making these hotels their headquar- " ' '
' ters while in San Francisco. Fourteen "
" hundred rooms, 900 with baths — i
I 1 ami finest in the world. i,
i JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK, Manager. «
.» m » . »—-—--- ♦»»»«««».»,»»»««
i£?fa.y la i «o&4«y«.Tia nbite3. unnatural <Jis«
Mpßg OBaran^oi £jj charges, or any lnfla-nma- I
S^M not to «trj«-.nrj. "* tion. irritation or ulcer*.
PnntM oonugion. tion of m oo v a mem- i
fJjSwTKEEvAMSGHEMICuCo. hr »n*B. Non-astringent, j
T^a.CINCINXATI.O •S^il Sold toy l>rns-gTi«t*,
V. 1. a. JStS 2 r s«nt iv plain wrapper,
nHliyji %» e \*r^?£%£<
■ Oircwai mat on "^rwt
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THE
*-* great Mexican remedy; elves health and
strength to fexual organs. Depot. 823 Market, j
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mr. E. A. Earnest of Hassler Mills,.
Ga., writes under date of August 21,
1899:
"I am a merchant, 60 years old, an<s
have had kidney trouble. I took three
bottles of Warner's Safe Cure and it
worked like a charm from the first
dose. I take great pleasure in recom-
mending it. Mrs. C. Isenhower of this
place, who was cured by it ten years
ago, is still hale and hearty, and always
praising Safe Cure to her friends and
neighbors. I think it is the finest prep-
aration in the world for kidney and
bladder troubles."
THE CALIFORNIA COLLESE OF DENTAL
BUBOERT
WILL OPEN for the admission of students
MONDAY. Octobtr 23.
For further particulars address
S. W. DENNIS. M.D., D.D.S., Dean.
416 Parrott building.
GILBERT M. BARRETT. A.M., M.D.. Sec-
retary. 1121 Butter st.
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIATHEATEREsS'
SEE BURT HAVKRLY IN HIS IMITATION 3
OF SOUSA.
IN THE FUNNIEST FARCE THAT EVER
HAPPENED.
I A Breach of Promise
"The audience yelled with laughter."—
ton Stevens (Examiner.)
HIGH-CLASS SPECIALTIES, 810 COM-
PANY. MAGNIFICENT COSTUMES.
NEW SONGS.
Presented by the Original Cast.
POPULAR ! Evening, 76c, 800 and 250.
RICES I Mat. Sat. & Sun., EOo & 250
October — The Extraordinary Farce,
"BROVA/NS UN TOW/N,"
COLUMBIA «£«2
UP TO & INCLUDING SATURDAY NIGHT!
DUNNE AND RYLEY PRESENT
HOITS Most Celebrated Farce.
A Milk White Flag
NOTE. PRICES:
BARGAIN AND Entire Lower Floor.
PROFESSIO N A L BOe.
MATINEE Remainder of house
"WEDNESDAY. 25c.
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT,
MfITHF and BULGER
In "BY THE SAD SEA WAVES."
NEW BILL ENTHUSIASTICALLY RECEIVED.
WRIGHT HUiNTINGTON.
MISS ADELE FRANCIS and GEO. FARREN.
A Hit From the First.
MISS LAURA BURT, SADA, VINIE DE-
WITT. WALTON'S ACROBATIC SIMIANS,
MLLE. BUNA'S TRICK AND MUSICAL
DOGS.
-L-O— T-T— Y—
The Sensation of the Season.
TOM BROWN, THE FLORENZ TROUPE.
THE MONKEYS DO THE HEGELMAN
BROTHERS 1 ACT.
Reserved Seats. 25c; balcony, 10c; opera
chairs and box seats, EOc.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAND AND ENGLISH OPERA SEASON.
TO-NIGHT ! TO-NIGHT ! TO-NIGHT !
Each Evening and Saturday Matinee,
Offenbach's Famous Comic Opera,
"La Belle Helens,"
Presented With an Enlarged Cast, Orchestra
and Chorus.
Moet Gorgeous Costumes, Scenery and Effects!
POPULAR PRICES. 25c and EOc.
Telephone for Seats, Bush 9.
Special!! Meyerbeer's Greatest Opera,
"LAFRICAINE,"
Will be Produced October 30, in which all th*
Italian Grand Opera Singers will appear.
SEATS NOW BEING RESERVED.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
ADVANCE CALIFORNIA.
Genuine and Unanimously Conceded Triumph
of H. J. Stewart's and Clay M. Greene"*
Comic Opera,
THE
CONSPIRATORS !
Which Will Be Presented Every Evening Till
Further Notice.
A FORMIDABLE RIVAL TO
"ROBIN HOOD."
POPULAR PRICES— SOc, 35e. 25c, 15c and 10c.
A Good Reserved Seat at Saturday Matinee 15c.
Branch Ticket Emporium.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
REMARKABLE PRODUCTION.
EVERY NIGHT AT 8.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY AT 2.
THE THREE
MUSKETEERS!
THE TALK OF THE CENTURY!
EXTRAORDINARY SCENERY!
Costumes made especially for this presentation.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1899 -CALIFORNIA JOCKBr CLUB-1900
Winter Meeting, beginning SATURDAY. Sep-
tember 23. 1899.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or .rhino.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1, 1:30. 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to th«
track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
All trains via Oakland Mole connect with San
Pablo avenue Electrle Cars at Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland. Also all trains via Ala-
meda Mole connect with San Pablo avenu»
cars at Fourteenth and Broadway, Oakland.
These electric cars go direct to the track in fif-
teen minutes.
. Returning— leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
CONCERTS AND KESOSTS.
OPEN FROM I UNTIL 12 P. M.
STEEPLECHASE-CENTRAL PARK.
Is now the funniest resort in America, Coney
Island transferred to San Francisco to make
every one laugh; everything new and novel.
Pronounced by thousands to be the real thing:.
PROFESSOR HILL, King- of. the Wire, is a
wonder. •
Admission to all attractions and ride, 10c.
HANDSOME PRESENTS FOR ALL.
Weekly Call $1.00 DerTear8
\l* Jv £r 2)
%est
FAVORITES
DO NOT MEET
WITH SUCCESS
Talent Has an Off Day at
the Los Angeles
Races.
6p«dal IV. ("patch to The Call.
"LOS AXGEL.EB, Oct. 23.— The average
Monday crowd attended the races to-day.
The track was In good .condition and the
■weather was fine. With the exception of
the 2:15 class trot and the mile and a
sixteenth spiling race, the favorites got
tha worst of It. but a." they were almost
prohibitive In the booking-, the talent was
not "hard hit."
The 2:16 clans trot attracted lively In
terest, and Neert-ta, the favorite from
mart to finish, carried off first money.
Dr. "-<\s?=e took the first heat In this race,
but Neereta won the next three heats
without apparent effort.
In the rive-furlong sprint the bunch of
seven got away to a straggling start and
"Windy Jim. with Joe Webor up, captured
lirst money from Tanoka by a short head,
Alas, the favorite, being a close third.
Amafa was a 3 to 10 favorite in the
thrfo-cjuarter mile event and was well
played in the books. He pot the best of
the start by over a length and held the
position into the stretch with Yule a close
second. Jerid then forged ahead and In
a driving: finish won the race, beating
Yule by a neck and Amasa by a short
length. At the three-quarter post Peter
Weber broke a don in his left hind
leg and dropped out of the race.
In the polling- event of a mile and a six
teenth Ping, the favorite, got away in
the lead and maintained th position to
the finish. Results:
Semi-Trrpic colt stake, trotting, three-year
olds. threejn live:
1 l l
))!rectus (Mp.betO 2 2 2
Time— 2:4l. 2:86%. 2:4r,*.
Trottlnc. 1:15 class, three In five, purse $1000:
Xecreta 'Rrooks) ;. ; 111
l>r. Frasse (llunrh) 15 4 4
Our Lucky (Hoi^s) 2 2 3 3
KlWt (Yon nokkcl^n) 4 4 2 2
ihoebf Ohilu>rs (Blue) ? 3 5 5
Time— 2:l2%, 2:13%; 2:l3Vi, 2:13%.
Five furlong*, maiden two-ypar-olde, purse
$:rc— Windy Jim 11S (Joe YPeber); even, won;
Tanoka 105 (FuuntUroy). T to 1 second; Alas
113 (Sullivan). 3 to 2. third: Time, 1 "V
Awonnee, Kor Freedom, Paleface and Cue also
Six furlonps, three-ypar-oMs and upward.
purse $:»>>— Jerid 107 <Knos). 2 tr> 1. won; Yule
109 (Duffy), 2 to 1, second; Aniasa 10'J (Sulli-
CLEVER SHORTSTOP
WHO IS LEFT HANDED
i TT ■■'-'." that winter has come apace, I
\| the California representatives In I
I > the National and Western leagues I
■*■ am hurrying to their native heath I
to escape the rigors of the Eastern I
weather. Among the lot who have a 1 - I
ro-ady arrived in William Hulen. short- I
st"t) ;,n<j captain of the Kansas City I
(hi',.. "Kid" Hulen. as he is better I
known in the ranks of the profession, I
Is on .in annual visit to his parents, I
who reside in Dixon. ring his ab- I
fni-f from his native State he has I
won an enviable record by his superb I
work on the diamond:
Ho play«d his first professional ball I
with the Los Angeles team during the I
seasons of 3. SIC and 1893. His work at I
j-horr. was of such high order that lie I
was signed by the Minneapolis Club of I
the Western League. He played up to I
his usual high standard during the I
seasons of 1594 and 1895. The follow- I
ing year he was drafted to the Na- I
tional League and signed by the Phil- I
adolphia Club. The Columbus nine I
bought his release fur $1500 and he I
played with that team in 1897 and 1898. I
He was ajain drafted to the National I
Lf:". quo this year and flayed for a I
- - me with the Wushirigtons. In
June last, he was transferred to the Kansas City? and finished the season as ♦
captain and shortstop. His high-class work and genial ways won him a host O
of admirers and when the season closed he was begged to return and DC- ♦
cupy the same position during the season of 1900. He has accepted the offer. °
Hulen has the distinction of being one of the very few left-handed short- a
stops in the business. Despite that fact his . work In the infield is lightning A
fast and has earned him a high standing among fielders. o
I>ocal ballplayers may have an opportunity of judging this clever player Iff
the scheme to organize a club of Eastern players is carried out. The plan is O
to have M^rt' ■•*. Donlin, Hughes, Hulan and a few other experts on the team t
and pit them against the winner of the California pennant. J
van). 3 to 10, third. Time, 1:14>,4. Peter Weber |
ran to the quarters, where he broke a.
tendon and was compelled to quit.
Mile and a sixteenth, spiling, three-year
olds, purse $210— Pink' 109 (Stewart), 4 to 6.
won; Stromo 100 (Fauntieroy), even, second;
Rey del Sail Juan (Fuentz), 10 to 1, third.
Time, l:4S%i. Correct also ran.
Six furlongs. thre»-year-olds and upward,
purre $250— Brown Prince 101 (Enos), 2 to 1,
fwon; Jim Urownell 101 (Gilbert), 6 to 1, s?O
--ond; San Augustine 103 (Duffy). 2 to ,1 third.
Time. 1:15. Munsey, Graelas, Deluge, La
Chinopas, Sea Spray and Somis also ran.
, , 1,,
STRIPPING THE SHAMROCK.
Jury Rip Being Substituted for the
Yacht's Racing Outfit.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23— The crew of the
yacht Shamrock began work this morning
ilng the yacht of her racing rigging at
her b*-rtii In Erie basin. Her topmast was
lows ":i deck and then transferred
to her storage lighter, aftor which her
running gear was unrove and all her >«alis
tiikon from the yacht's hold and trans
feror to the lighter. Captain Hogarth
' bat he expected to take the mast
off to-morrow and to have the yacht
under jury rig by the end of the week.
To-morrow night Captain Hugarth, Cap
tain Wringo and the Shamrock's crew
Will meet Captain Barr and the victorious
ijf-er Inland boys from the Columbia In
Prospect Hall, Brooklyn. A feast and
.I entertainment have been pre
for the vanquished and victors by
the Yacht Masters' Engineers' and Yacht
Officer*' Association.
Sir Thomas Upton will go to Chicago
to-morrow. He has already expressed his
intention of challenging for 1901, as he
ure to try to get ready for next
year. He will give way, however, to any
body to challenge before him.
Will Fife, the designer of the Sham
rock, \< still very seriously 111 at the
Fifth-avenue Hotel. Bo much Is he suf
fering from Inflammatory rheumatism
that a frame has had to be built over hts
1 ed to prevent even the bedclothes from
1 !nuf him. It la said that it Is ex
tremely doubtf'.il if he can return to Eng
land with Kir Thomas T,lpton.
CASTRO ENTERS CARACAS.
CARACAS, Venezuela. Oct. 23.— General
(lprinrn> Castro, tlio insurgent com
mander during the recent revolution, hae
entered this city. A warm reception was
led him.
There Was no trouble when Castro ar
rived and no fenr of renewed fighting Is
felt, a? everybody wants peace without
tlon.
Vandals Deface Monuments.
1 Kill. lN", Oct. 23.— Vandals have de
faced the newly erected monuments in the
Bieges-Allee. The noses and hands of
nl of the Emperor's ancestors have
: demolished.
Wales Entertains Harrison.
LONDON, Oct. 23.— The Prince of "Wales
to-day received former President Benja
min Harrison in audience at Marlborough
House. Mr. Harrison visited the House of
Commons, accompanied by A. J. Balfour,
the Government leader In the House, and
ita First Lord of the Treasury.
Sporting Svents from All Over the idorld.
MAY W LEFT
MORRISEY FAR
BEHIND HER
The Calgary Mare Favorite
in the Ring — Three Win-
ning Choices.
The meeting- of May W and Pat Morria
: Bey proved a great drawing card at Oak
i iand yesterday. The largest "week day"
crowd of the. season assembled, so keen
wns ;he interest displayed among rare go
i ers. The track \v;ii- heav>", with a path
that insured success to the one first to
succeed In getting it. The pair of milera
mentioned i the mile purse ev< at,
third .on the card, with no nt her entries.
; The betting was all in favor of ;i:e mare
i at odds of :! to 4. v.ith even money a
| the Burns & v. . horse. The run
ltsrif needs little description.
igi r on Maj W took t tie
lead before the turn was reached. Twice
I did Thorpe astride Morrisse; make a bold
bid for the lead, but each ttm< the Cal-
I gary wonder responded t.> her rider's call,
! anfl at the wire won swinging in 1:46. The
i time marked a slow run rai c, but
first half waa I It can
be seen how the duo became be
■i In the sail hon i ,
Fa voritea we fm d iring
■
the five events <i' ■•
Garnet Fergus >n seems to possess a very
smart colt in Alee, for the youngster re
peated his success of Saturday in me
opening article. A Hve-fui^ong scramble
he closed favorite In the ring With Kulz
up, winning at K-isure from the second
choice, Druide33. Kickumbob, from the
Cambridge stable, made his debut at the
meeting, capturing show honors from
Daniel. Ward on the latter was sound
asleep when the barrier was released;
Faversham; the brunette gentleman
from the Alameda stable; scored a home
run in the mile and a sixteenth run, at
odds of 4 to 1. lie kepi the field at the
post for me minutes with Coburn's aid,
until the favorite Lavator had become a
cranky actor, and then broke away. With
the bases all filled, he kept on running,
reaching the home plate rive lengths in
advance of Wyoming. La-vat or ran sec
ern 1 , to the stretch, where he faded away,
loFinp the show to P. A. Finn. :
J. Ranch, the clever lightweight; again
distinguished himself by landing Castake
winner <>f the fourth event, a six-fur
long selling run, by the narrowest of mar
gins over Major Cook. The first named
horse closed favorite In the betting at
odds of 9 to 3, and coming on from fourth
position at the stretch turn, just man
aged to nose the Major out, after the
latter had ltd from the jump. Montallade
ran third.
Horton by his acrobatic gyrations in
the final jnuni over the Futurity course
showed that he will soon be eligible to
fat men's races at country picnics. Ruiz
rode him with one hand over, and he
was unable to get Inside the money. Im
perious, second choice, made all the run
ning, leading High Hoe out eight lengths
in very ordinary time. I Don't Know fell
into the show.
Track Notes.
Dan Den son arrived at Oakland track
Sunday with the big Daly string from
Montana. > Among the horses are Imp.
Isldor, one of the crack sprinters of the
country, and Sam Lucas, considered a
wonder before he broke down. Jockey
Morgan, who will ride for the stable, Is
on his way from Portland by steamer.
Entries for the Burlin_ame Club cup,
to be decided on Saturday next at Oak
land, close to-day.
To-Day's Entries.
First race— Futurity course; selling; two-year
olds:
172 Corolla 951 123 The Echo 106
1.53 Bamboulla 103; 104 Giro 9S
187 Ella, do Poy So 187 Lorello 36
164 Jolly Briton 851 173 Miss Vera 101
Second race— Seven-eighths of a mile; selling;
th year-old :
(193)Ri0 Chico 1071 147 MomJa 104
189 Lothian 181 ... Flamaway 105
(162)L0u Hey 104!
Third — Mile and a sixteenth; selling;
three-year-olds and upward:
(180)Rain!er 90 193 Deerfoot .. 99
184 Oralbee 90 ... Festoso 90
197 Frank Jaubert..lO3 IS6 Glen Anne 103
IS4 Whalebark N
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
.-"■ '.' ' '('■'■'.''■!'-.-■. '-■" " ' " • "* : '■"•"' i;-.*--''' ■'' *- : ' : ■ -i' " : i"" ■"'
Nursing Mothers
s4 f io&£jslis%^ build up your strength
y^^^^Et^^^^P^^. of your infant by
\ I) P nro t»' 00( l ail< l a
%^lOE_M£^^ system. Nothing
s=l=^ e^ elße contains tho
life-giving, body-building properties of
Duffy's Pure Malt Whiskey
The absolute purity, together with the
medicinal qualities of Duffy's Pure Halt,
has made it the greatest woman-curative
known to science.
Government medicine sump marks the genuine. Druggists
Usually »ell it. If yours does not, we will express a bottle,
,»»i>aid, for %i ; six for $5. Write for interesting book. '-; V ; ,-
DUFFY MALT WHISKEY CO., Rochester, N.T.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., TUESDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1899.
MIDDLE-WEIGHT BOXERS TO MEET
IN THE ROPED ARENA NEXT MONTH
lee Greggains and Jack Root, Who Will Box Before the Western Club.
Jack ROOT, the clever Chicago
middle-weight, who Is to moot Aloe
the Western Ath
letii I lub, la i t pec ted here by Kri
day next. I between
■ ■ of the manly
I on the evening of
r \ o:- '.'. and promises I i be
g. Boi i: men have national
and as defeat means a
step backward in their ring career
effort to win.
earned the praise of East
ern judges of boxing by reason of his
ability to give and withstand r
He has ply all tho
. t mi weights th
on hla record. He
; • mended from the
fistic c i when he steps Into
the ro] he will have the buck
: Dttors Root is con
• of the most graceful men
In the business. He has none of the
earmarks of the fighter. As will be
> liis picture, he looks more like
than a hard-hitting middle
w eight.
Greggains Is confident of giving a
. :■■ ■". ■-.-.■■ -v ■■
Fourth race— Thlrteen-slxfwiths of a mile;
selling all ages:
179 My Gypsy 751 ... Allenna 79
ISI Anchored S3 l ISS The Offering 91
Fifth race— S*>ven-ei£hths of a mile; selling;
throo-year-olds and i] ward:
197 Donator 104: 190 Wllmeter 107
191 Polish 107 185 Lost Girl 1M
191 Mike Rice 104 > 170 Reolla 104
Selections for To-Day.
First race — The Echo, Bamboulla, Miss Vera,
Second race— Lothian, Rio Chlco. Lou Key.
Third race— Rainier, Whaleback, Oraibee.
Fourth race— My Gypsy, Anchored, The Offer
ing.
Fifth race— Reolla. Mike Rice, Lost Girl.
Brakeman Killed.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 28.— The body r.;
C. w. ■ a brakeman eni]>loy«-<l by
tin- Southern Pai Ific Railroad, was found
lying "ii the track at Davisvilla this
morning just after the northbound trail,
pulled out. His head was badly crushed.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRACK, Monday, October 23, 1899 -- T 7 ren^" Sl^
day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather
fine. Track heavy. ___ . ..
■ — " ! TTi I \ " — t R FERGUSON— Starter.
JOS. A, MURPHY- Presiding Judge. __ -•■ f -=-*»*■-'
1C_Q FIRST RACK- Five furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; purse. $300:
________! -j ' j [Betting
index. Horse-Weight. 1st. %m. __ Km. Str. Fin. Jockeys^ Op_Cl.
: 77; , ii 11 16 14 Ruiz 7-5 1
19* Alee 10*2 "' \\^ 22 23 24 Woods 3-5 8-5
1S3 Druidess .. 100 1 ....*» * 4 ,4 D McCarty... 7 13
... Kickumbob 103 5 ... .. J 4 . 1 5 » 42 J. Ward 5 8
(172) Daniel ■• W0 3 ... »i g J, 81 _ 2 Henry 40 60
... Rio Shannon 103 6 ... ■ „■•** 6g Johnson 20 30
... Jennie Riley 97,7 ... 1 J Itanch 5 8
194 Oundara «m * _ **• ... ° ** ___ '— ■ —
Time-% -13'- *(. :39%; % 1:06%. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
WlnATere ZfiZt^'^ofL*1^^^^^ Klckumbob will improve.
Dan^ef was standinTflatfooted when barrier went up. with Ward apparently asleep. Gun-
dara again quit.
Scratched— Calcum 92, Alanette 95. -
lTw__ SECOND RACE— Mile and a sixteenth; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse,
fl<~_C_ SECOND RACE— Mile and a sixteenth; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse,
l«7e7e $300. .'""'■-' '
I""* $30o' ■
. — j — — T- ~— ' Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. %m. 'Am. Km. Str. Fin. Jockeys. °______.
77741 Faversham 3 95 1 12 ... 13 13 15 Coburn 3 13-5
( ' Wyoming 5 104 3 8 8 ... 3 6 3 3 2n Songer 3 2
S pTSteiSJ' * ... J. 4 _h Buchanan.... 12 20
(iw> i^-wuor. 83V/..... »gj 1 am •*» 2* * (Henry .•...4__-«-a
(11___j__?g_S____^j -j_- - 28 21 4 Henry *-6 6-5
■ — Time— 1-16 *07U- 5-16 :31%: 9-16, :57; 13-16. 1:23; mile, 1:45%; 1 1-lCm, 1:52%. Good start.
Won galloping. Second and third driving. Winner. Alameda Stable's blk. c, by Imp. Dun-
COm_r_vereham again showed to be a vastly Improved horse. A tedious delay at post con-
tributed to ruining the favorite's chances. --.;.^ ,:: .
flf\f. THIRD RACE— One mile; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
_ _ _ Betting.
~~ j I Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. V4m. %in. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. %m. %m. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
(149) May W 5 102 2 12 ... 1% 12 1 1% jSonger 3-5 3-4
(185) Pat Morrlssey, 6....109 1 2 ... 2.2 2 [Thorpe I 1 -•
Time— % :24%; %. :50%; 94, 1:17%; mile, 1:46. Good start. Won easily. Winner, D.
Time— 14 -24-14 • V- :50H; 94. 1:17V_; mile. 1:46. Good start. Won easily. Winner, D.
Cameron & Co.'s b. "m.. by imp.. Eagle Plume-Frtola.
Winner set a merry pace and Pat grew groggy. Could not respond to gong last round.
0_"_1 FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $300.
__ ___ . Betting-.
j Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. %m. %m. 14m Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
ISO stake, 4 103 2 ... 4 2 4 2 4 2 Ins Ranch 2 9-5
lit Major Cook, a 103 4 ... II 12 13 -2 2 Devin 5 4
178 Montallade, 6 109 6 ... 6% 6% 52 32 Johnson 3 6
188 Modwena, 3 .104 3 ... 22 24 41 43 J.Ward 3 5
(1GS) Formella, 4 109 5 ... 3% 3 3 2 2 6 2 Ruiz 4 5
169 Tennessee Maid, .103 7 ... 71 62 63.62 Henry 30 80
193 Tourist II, 3 98 8 ... 8 7 1 7 2 7 6 Buchanan .... 5 IS
184 Master Lee, 3 102 1__ ... 64 8 8 8 M. Bergen.... 15 25
~ Time— %, M; %. :51%; 94, 1:19%. Good start. Won first two driving. Third easily.
Winner, W. L. Stanfleld's b. g., by Apache-Lina.
The soggy going was just to Castake's liking. Montallade came from the rear. Modweni
could not secure the path. Ride on Formella not above suspicion. Tourist can do better.
Scratched— Katie Gibbons 104, Rio Chlco 104. ,
, _ j _ ,
■ T ■
q/\q FIFTH RACE— Futurity course; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $300.
~ I „ Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. %m. %m. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. . Op. Cl.
(196) Imperious, 4 107 1 ... 8 8 18 12 1 8 J. Ward 6-5 7-5
166 High Hoe. 4 102 2 ,.. lh 2 1 2% 22 Ranch 4 15
(169) I Don't Know, a,. .107 3 ... 4 2 32 " 31 3 % M. Bergen.... 6 6
176 Horton, 3 105 6 ... 6% f h 5344 Ruiz 7-5 6-5
161 February. 5 10215 ... 51 6465 52 '"..burn 4 8
192 Silver Maid, 6.... 10214 ... 3 b 4% 4% 6 10 Henry 25 100
56 Mafada, a A. ..UP 7 ... 7 7 7 > 7 Golden 15 20
Time— M. :23; to M, :50; short %. 1:16%. Poor start. Won easUyr~iecond and third
driving. Winner, Dr. H. E. Howell's b. g., by Morello-Helen Scratch. »
Imperious away best and perhaps best. High Hoe showed Improvement. Ride of Ruiz on
Horton a fantastic one. February had no speed. If Mafada could not run In going his ride
did not look well. --•■-.■" ••■* ■.;.-'.-■■■■•:,.: ;->•_ :■' ..-•■■*
. Scratched— Sorrow,.-1&7».
good account of himself when ho
meets the Chicago man. He expects
• ; r the ring weighing In the
neighborhood of IT.", pounds and In
Bplendld fettle. Although lie has not
appeared bef< re the public since his
fight with Steve O'Doi i i II In the Me
chanics' Pavilion, he has no! lost his
cunning a 1 the popular game. The
three years' rest from the arduous
duties (if training has had a good ef
fect on him and he is stronger to-day
than he ever was in his experience.
The shoulder which he broke In his
eight-round bout with O'Donnell has
d and is in good working order.
Callfornian has kept himself in
condition by boxing and exer< li I
the San Francii co A thletl I Hub, of
which ho is official referee and in
structor.
•Vie. has been aching to get hack into
the ring ami has kept up light training
to be in readiness for a call t<> arms.
"When Manager I^ong of the Western
Athletic Club matched him to meet
Jack Root Greggalns started In train
ing in earnest. Each iiaj he takes a
long run and in tho afternoon linxt-s
How he met his death is unknown, as no
one witnessed the accident. He resided
in Sacramento and leaves a widow and
one child.
Suisser in Court.
SAUNAS, Oct. 23.— George Suiseer, the
murderer of Sheriff Farley, was in court
this morning. Attorney Lacey, the best
criminal lawyer in the county, who will
defend him, moved for a change of venue
and the matter will be heard Thursday
morning. The trial was Bet for next
Thursday, but in all probability a change
will be- made to Santa Clara County.
Anti-Semitic Riots.
VIENXA. Oct ::•'.— Anti-Semitic riots
hnve broken out at H.-illeschaub Halle,
Oravla. S<-v.-ml Jewish houses were
Btoned, stores pillnged and burned. The
rioters killed three persons and injured
several others. The military finally re
stored order.
Brown is in town.
all comers at the club. He will con
tinuo this work up to a few days
■ the contest, making it heavier
as the date of the bout approaches.
Ho will not train in the suburbs, as he
<i"-s not wish to endanger his condi
tion by outside cooking. His meals
will therefore be prepared and eaten
at his home.
Greggains ha? an enviable record in
Hi" ring. During his career he has
i i • 1 twenty victories, fought four
and suffered defeat but twice.
His most important battles were with
George l^a Blanche ("The Marine"),
he defeated shortly after the
hater's memorable and lamented vic
tory over Dempsey, fu fourteen rounds.
Ight tw> draws with "Buffalo"
lo of fifty and eighty rounds
Dan Creedon bested him after
BeveraJ rounds of hard lighting. Greg
gains fought draws with Sharkey and
Jack Stelzner. The latter bout went
twenty rounds and proved one of the
;;hts seen in this city in years.
That Giegaralns has grit was evidenced
Ik his "gi>" with O'Donnell, when he
fought five rounds with a broken
shoulder.
DICK MOORE
SUCCUMBS TO
CHOYNSKI
St. Paul Pugilist Knocked
Out in the Third
Round.
Special Dispatch to Tiio Call.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 23. -Joe Choynski, the
•well-known California boxer, knocker] out
Dick Moore of St. Paul to-night in the
arena of the St. Louis Athletic Club in the
third round of what was to have been a
twenty-round contest. Choynski was in
-id fettle, and after the first round
imply played with the St Paul boxer
Moore, too, was in good condition, but this
availed him nothing as against the su
perior science of the Californian. Choyn
ski had the advantage in height, reach
and weight, bul Moore was plucky and
took a hard beating like a stoic, in the
first round Moore carried the fight to Joe
at every turn, and forced him about the
ring with rights and left to the body
Choynski used a stiff left jab which
Jarred Dick badly. In the second round
Joe had his man sized up, and after a
rapid exchange, sent Dick twice to the
floor with rights to the jaw. Moore aro=e
and made a vicious effort to retrive his
laurels, "the round closing with both men
exchanging h:trd blows at close quarters
The third round was all In Joe's favor.
He outpointed his opponent at all Htagos
and put him down thn-e times in succes
sion with right-hand punches on the jaw
Moore was game, though groggy, and
managed to regain his feet twice within
the count, but while assaying to do the
tri<k a third time was counted out by the
referee, Tim Hurst.
As a curtain-raiser, Tommy Hogan of
New York and Jack O'Keefe of Memphis
went on for a fifteen-round bout. In the
seventh round Hogan reached a vital spot
and O'Keefo went down and out.
Two novices had played chess In solemn
silence for twenty minutes when Ulunt
said: "Hello! Where's my king?" "Oh
that's all right," was the reply; "I took
it four moves ago."
" I AM GLAD TO SAY THAT YOUR BELT HAS
CURED MY INDIGESTION; SOMETHING THAT MEDI-
CINE WOULD NOT DO."
This is what S. E. Purvine of Salem, Or., has
to say about my Belt. If you are in trouble and snf-
ering from this disease or any other, such as sciatica,
lumbago, rheumatism, or a weak back, and will wear
one of my Belts, in a short time you will be glad to
say the same thing. I use co drugs, for it is an un-
disputed fact that they will not cure, but an appliance,
known as the DR. SANDEN ELECTRIC BELT. There are
many imitations put upon the market by other firms and
sa d to be the same, but every one of my Belts has my
name stamped thereon. If yon will call at my office
you can see them and consult me free of charge, or
send for my little book, Three Classes of Men, which is
sent free upon application. Office hours 9to 6, Sun-
days 10 to 1. DR. T. A. SANDEN, 18' Third street,
San Francisco; 119* So. Spring street, Los Angeles, Cal.
DRAW FOR
MIDWEEK
COURSING
Reserve Stake Will Bring
Good Dogs Together at
Union Park.
The draw for the Wednesday cours
ing at Union Park was held last night at
Pythian Castle. Prizes— s6o, $40, $30, next
three $15 each, next six $8 each, next
twelve $5 each. Train at 10:15 a. m.
The dogs will be run as follows:
J. Xeary's St. Andrew vs. Curtis &
Son's Commodore; Pasha Kennels'
Ready Answer vs. J. Watkin's Still
True: Gmhman & Bettencourfs (nom
inates) Forget Me Not vs. Pasha Ken
nels' Right Arm: W. H. Shear's (nomi
nates) Fury vs. Maher A- Read's Uncle
Fuller; J. Nolto's Rich and Artless vs.
John Chark-ton & Son's Dolly Varden;
F. C. Mack's Delia M vs. YV. H.
Shear's (nominates) Flume; Handy &
Smith's Terrona vs. 1. K. llalton's Tic-
Tac; P. Doyle's Wild Monarch \.-=.
Aeneid Kennels' Aeneas; Handy &
Smith's Victor vs. \Y. J. Browning's
Mountain Bell; Maher & Reid's Pat
Riley vs. W. H. Jones' Lady Mnrion;
W. C. Glasson'a Joy Bella vs. W. EL
Jones' Rustan: Ed Wilson's (nomi
nates) Magnesia vs. J. Mooney's Si
lent Treasure; Curl Is & Son's Vanity
Fair vs. W. 11. Jones' Prime Jerome;
W. C. Glasson's Mis? Manila vs. Sterl
& Knowles' Frosty Morn; \V. C. Glas
son's Terronite. vs. E. Fitzgerald's
Fair Lily; Maher & Reid's Nellie
Bawn vs. F. A. McComb's Motto; J.
H. Ptrrj-igo's Lads- Davenport vs. J.
Near's/ Tou<-hej>as; J. H. Perrigo'3
WayMre'f vs. P. J. McCabe's Bony
] : ">y George Lahnsen's Fireball vs.
Jaijrf« ■:- Deane's Belle of Anderson; J.
11. Perrigo'a Pretty Girl vs Pasha
KeniH-ls' Random Aim: J. H. Smith's
Merced vs. J. Watkin's (nominates)
Eteauty; M. London's Sharkey vs. J.
P. Thrift's Forgive; Pasha Kennel's
Rollicking Airs vs. C. C. Griswold's
(nominates) Wildfire; J. Rowning's
(nominates) Geraldine vs. Curtis &
Son's McKir.loy.
"BILL" LANGE RETIRES
FROM THE DIAMOND
"BUI" L,ange, the debonair and hand
some ball player, is home again, and now
that he is on his native heath he vows
he will never appear on the diamond
us^ln. The news of this solemn pledge
has caused an infinite amount of sorro-w
among the "fans," who' swear by the big
holder. The secret of Lange's reason for
quitting the fascinating and to him re
munerative pastime has long been known;
he is going to be married.
Nothing will shake his determination to
stujj playing. "Pop" Anson tried to keep
him in the game with offers of increased
salary, as aid also a number of other
managers; but "Bill" was obdurate. He
is desirous of adapting his talents to other
pursuits, and unless he proves a failure
he will nevi-r don a baseball suit again.
It was hoped that. he would give his nu
merous friends a last opportunity to see
him perform with some of the other ex
perts when the present California League
season closed, but they are doomed to
disappointment. They will only have a
recollection of a skillful fielder, a daring
base runner and a heavy batter.
Lange was born in San Francisco In 1871
and lived here the best -part of his life.
He first became known as an amateur
ball player of ability in 1890, and soon
after that went to Port Townsend, Wash.,
to visit his brother. He then played with
the Seattle club of the Pacific Coast
League and when that organization broke
up joined the Oaklamis of the California
League. His work attracted the atten
tion of President Hart of the Chicagos,
and in 1893 he joined the Anson colony.
It is not generally known that he is a
collegian, but such is the case, he having
been a student at the University of Cali
fornia. Last spring he coached the Stan
ford University students with great suc
cess. He rejoices in a number of nick
names, among them being "Big Bill,"
"Little Eva" and the "Port Townsend
Boy." II' 1 Is extremely popular, both on
and off the Beta, is unmarried and the re
cipient of more "mash notes" than a
handsome actor. He is a man of careful
habits and should have a long, successful
athletic career.
The whiskey that touches the ri^ht spot Is
Jesse Moore; to tip had from first-class dealers.
DAIRY QUARANTINED.
Inspector Rowland Finds Sanitary-
Conditions Very Bad.
PASADENA, Oct. 23.— Dr. Ward B.
Rowland of this city, the newly appointed
State Dairy Inspector for Southern Cali
fornia, is finding- an astonishing state of
affairs, which makes it seem incredible
that there has been no dairy inspector
hitherto. Though Dr. Rowland declared
some time ago that he would not accept
the appointment, because the territory
and work assigned to him is beyond his !
powers to properly attend to, he has !
nevertheless declared war and is work- i
ing to rid the country of disease-breeding i
conditions which exist In the milk sup
ply. A few days ago he found the I.X.L.
Dairy, near Tropico, several miles west
of here. In an astonishing condition. He
says that from ten to forty head of cattle
had died of Texas fever. The doctor ex
hibits a tick about half an inch long that
he took from one of the cows.
"The proprietor of this dairy." said the
Inspector, "has simply let things get in
a horrible condition. I found carcasses
in the hog corral and back of the barn
in all stages of decomposition. The
Gash
stench is sickening. I saw cattle roaming
about sick with Texas fever." The dairy
has been placed under quarantine.
TEACHERS' INSTITUTE.
Annual Session of the Instructors of
Glenn County.
WIT/LOWS, Oct. 23.— Pursuant to the
call of Superintendent of Schools F. S.
Reager the ninth annual session of the
Glenn County Teachers' Institute con
vened to-day at Willows. Fifty-three
teachers, representing the forty-three dis
tricta of Glenn County, met to discuss
methods, exchange ideas and us fur as
possible solve the problems which
confront them in their daily routine of
schoolroom work. Among those who will
address the teachers are Bernard Moses,
Ph. D., University of California; C. C.
Van Liew, president of Chlco State
Normal; State Superintendent of Public
Instruction T. J. Kirk, and Miss Kate
Am<'S, ex-superintendent of Napa County.
After a three days' session the institute
will adjourn to \KmL Bluff, where it will
meet the teachors of this part of the
Stuto in the fourth annual session of the
Teachers' Association of Northern Cali
fornia, and again, on somewhat brnadf-r
lines, examine questions appertaining to
the profession.
Ex-Governor Osgood Dead.
SYRACUSE, N. V., Oct. 23.— Former
Governor Hugh Henry Osgood of Con
necticut died yesterday at Manlius, aged
78 years.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
An Excellent Combination.
The pleasant method and beneficial
effects of the well known remedy.
Syrup of Figs, manufactured by the
California Fig Syrup Co., illustrate
the value of obtaining the liquid laxa-
tive principles of plants known to be
medicinally laxative and presenting"
them in the form most refreshing 1 to the
taste and acceptable to the system. It
is the one perfect strengthening 1 laxa-
tive, cleansing the system effectually,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
gently yet promptly and enabling 1 one
to overcome habitual constipation per-
manently. Its perfect freedom from
every objectionable quality and sub-
stance, and its acting on the kidneys,
liver and bowels, without weakening
or irritating them, make it the ideal
laxative.
In the process of manufacturing figs
are used, as they are pleasant to the
taste, but the medicinal qualities of the
"remedy are obtained from senna and
other aromatic plants, by a method
known to the California Fig Syrup
Co. only. In order to get its beneficial
-effects and to avoid imitations, please
remember the full name of the Company
printed on the front of every package.
CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP CO.
BAN FRANCISCO, CAIi.
XiOUISVTLIiE. XT. NEW YORK. «T. T.
Por Bale by all Druggists.— Price 50c. per bottla
6 visit DR JORDAN'S great
i MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
i £% 1051 JU2Z2T ST. Bet. 6th&7th, .C:'. A
T qT The Larccst Anatomical Museum in the \
m ii'ari^-iii World. Wcaknr?-.es or any contracted m
' age B9S disease p*»Hl»<-lw by the oldest T-
-9 f BgJBl Specialist en the Coitt. Est. 36 years. Q
A O^^l OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 6
\ Infilß Consultation free and strictly private \
B I J&Wit Tr< "«nent personally or by letter. A B
\fiW Si ■ Pw.tn* Cure in every case undertaken. T
mWII HA Write for Book. PBlLO«Ul-BVcli
V■ II II 1 " H4HRIAI.K, MAILED FREE. lAT
A (J U/ valuable book for tarn) \
f OR. JORDAN <* CO.. 1051 Market St.. 8. F. V
MAKE PERFECT MEN
a»O >OT D PAIR! Do not Suf-
£S Wfc. fer Longer! The Jots and ambitions of
MKr^wl life can be restored to you. The very
■ -__^B. worst cases of Vervoun Debility aid
St absolutely cured by PEKFE(T(I
«£ - J^a TABLETS. Give prompt relief to in-
wk^B""™' 11 failing memory and the wast «
t^^apW and drain or vital powers. Incurred by
* \*-\W&9& indiscretions or excesses of early years.
N " w " Impart vifror ant! potency to every func-
tion. Brace up the system. Give bloom to ths
cheeki and lustre to the eyes of /-4r»\youn«r or old
One Me box renews vital energy. {• 1 lie boxes at
12. 50 a complete guaranteed cufevaßlTor money re
funded. Can be carried in vest r pocket Sold
everywhere, or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt of
price by TUX MB.FECTO CO., C«xto> BM(.. <ile«l£ 111.
Sold by Owl Drue Co.. S. F. and Oakland.
~MOfjtt!~
Taxes Due Upon Assessments
Made by the State Board
of Equalization.
CONTROLLER'S DEPARTMENT
BTATB OF CALIFORNIA.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. XL 1899
In accordance with the provision* or Section
»668 of the Political Code, notice 1. hereb?
given that I have received from the SUt«
Board of Equalization the "Duplicate Record
of Assessments of Railway." and the "Dupli-
cate Record of Apportionment of Railway As-
sessments." containing the assessments upon
the prope-ty of each of the following nam°d
associations or corporations as fixed byaaid
to^wK? ° « uaU2atioa for thryeir 1899,
California Paclfle Railroad Company Cen-
tral Paclflo Railroad Company. Northern Call
fornla Railroad Company. Northern Railway
Company. South Pacific Coast Railroad r^.
pany, Southern Paclfle Railroad ComrTar^
Southern California Motor Road Company*
Ban Francisco and North Pacific Ran way
Company. Southern California Railway Com-
pany Santa Fe Pacific Railroad Compaq
North Pacific Coast Railroad Company Sail
Francisco and San Joaquin Valley Rail wlv
Company. Nevada County Narrow-Cause , rl*'
£» and San Joaquin Railroad Company
Gualala River Railroad Company CalifornTi
and Nevada Railroad Company •Sierra' RaHwa*
Company of California. Sierra Val/e? R a war
S" 1^ 11^ San F^nc'sco and San Mateo * Elec-
tric Railway Company. Randsburg Railway
C TSS Sf;tf n . «- Pullm * n Palace Cm Company'
The State and county taxes on all personal
?SSr t /» ?n OPn0 P ne T half of the State an<Tc?unty
taxes on all real property are now due anil
payable and will K be delinquent on the fart
Monday in November next, at 6 o'clock p. m..
and unless paid % th % State Treasurer & th«
fo aP th?VSS 0r t th ,; ret °-, B ** <*n7 win be Vdded
or hefo?fth nt , th r« f> and UnleM "O P aid 0I »
or before the last Monday In April next, at
L °«i ( 3SS V * "C an l«onal 5 per cent will
t£? £L ? i the amou nt thereof.
t .™ on 11 an 11^ one-half of State and county
I.V.M. ««L »v Property will be due and
£*Tt ifnri inn be rat Monday In January
SnvS*^.^!} 1 be delinquent on the last Mon-
day in April . next, at « o'clock p. m.. and
r2ni?oi P SJ? \1 the Rtate Treasui-er. at tn»
%*&3S5£A h Z2Sot per Cent W ' U be added
*• P» COLOAN. Bute Controller.
/fSTVDEWEY STRONG SCQ.^"^
1^ "PATENTS^ a!
I 330 MARKET ST. S.?.^&fHORACE DAVIS'
GREAT BUTTLE
FOR PRINCIPLE
Loyal to Workingmen
of This City.
HE OPPOSED CHINESE LABOR
METHOD OF REVENGE EMPLOY
ED BY THE MONGOLIANS.
O:;t::Tnl Trade Valued at Half a Mil-
Dollars Annually Was
Taken Away From His
Firm.
A few days r.go a Phelan evening or
ganette sr>ecrlnf, r iy said that Horace Davis
lost his flour tr:>'le in efforts to gain
cheap political capital. Since Horace Da
vis in battling for the workingmen of
San Fra::icseo sustained great pecuniary
losses it is well to bring out the facts
to the shame of the helan subsidized
prep*. "When the true history is told the
workingroen of San Francisco will place
a still higher valuo on the character and
public services of [on. Horace DavK
In 1!*.3 Horace Davis perceived the dan
per of Chinese immigration to California
and In a letter to the New York Tribune
sounded the note of alarm. He was not
an eleventh-hour convert to the cause "f
the workingmen of this coast, but was
one of the first in the field t<> protect his
fellow-workers from the dangers of Asiat
ic Invasion.
In iB6O .Mr. Davis, who then owned the
largest flour mill in th State, opened
the Hour trade of the Orient and in the !
course of sixteen years succeeded In es- |
tablishing a larpp'and profitable business.
The tra«le expanded and he exported an
nually one hundred thousand barrels of
ilour.
In 1576 Horace Davis was elected to rep
resent the San Francisco district In the
Congress of the United States. He wast
fleeted by the votes of the honest work- i
t rs of this city ;:nd in Congress was faith
ful to the cause of the people. There in j
opposition to the advice of New England j
friends he resumed his battle against the ;
introduction of Chinese labor, realizing ',
that white workingmen could not compete ,
with the' low-nald contract labor of Asia. ;
He did nor pause to consider the cost.
!!•■> fought for a principle and that prin
ciple was the protection of American la- j
bor. He was warned that if he did not
withdraw his opposition to unrestricted '
Chinese immigration he would lose his
Oriental trails. Men who battle for the
cause of human betterment are not
swayed or Influenced by motives of per
sona! gain, so Horace Davis, true, then as '
he i* now tn tho worklngme of San !
Francisco; falteied i ot in the discharge i
•>t duty, but continued his active battle j
against the influx of the Chinese.
Finding that threats were of no avail j
the Chinese Six Companies; acting on the i
advice of Consul Rep. took away the flour !
trade which Mr. Davis had developed!
during the preceding sixteen years. It \
was a business estimated at a half million I
dollars; Five hundred thousand dollars is !
it considerable sum of money. Phelan I
never earned one five hundred thousandth i
part of that sum. Mr. Davis did not In- !
h"rit this vast volume of business from ■
his ancestors. He inheritel only the en
< riry. the honesty; the enterprise, the in- '
dustry and the good common-sense to de
velop the business". He won the trade by
honorable commercial achievement and i
sacrificed it rather than falter in his tight i
for his fellow-workir.emen of this city and !
State. Th-^ Phelan .subsidized pr^ss j
ppeak of this sacrifice as a loss sustained j
by Mr. Davis in efforts tn make cheap po- !
i litlcal capital. Phelan ought to be i
. ashamed to address an audience of work:
ingmen.
'.THIRTY-FIFTH DISTRICT.
The hall at 3295 Mission street, where i
the ratification meeting of the Thirty- !
fifth Assembly District was held last j
night, was packed with an enthusiastic ;
and representative audience. Every
available space of the large auditorium
was occupied and many ladies were pres
ent, who entered into the spirit of the
occasion quite as much as the men who
were- present, and were Quick to observe
when any telling point was made by the
various speakers.
Promptly .it the hour of ■ o'clock the j
Hon. Horace Davis appeared upon the j
scene, and as his familiar form came up]
the .-tails lending to the hall he was
greeted with a roar of applause and an I
outburst of cheering that fairly raised the
roof. The me:: and women assembled:
waved their hands as he was escorted to j
the stage by Sheldon Kellogg 1 ; and Chair- <
man F. AY. Warren introduced him by j
I,'L.adles and gentlemen: If straws are.;
an indication as v. which way the wind i
blows 1 am constrained to introduce you i
to the nest Mayor of this municipality;
Hon. Horace Davis."'
Thore was a repetition of the first en
thusiastic reception; which lasted at least
two minutes.
After the noise had subsided Mr. Davis
in an earnest. for< eful manner b'.gan to
discuss the issues of the present cam- j
paign, and it was easy to see from
the unstinted applau.se with which he was j
greeted during ins speech that he quite j
won the confidence of the lar«" audience I
— a confidence he has at all times enjoyed i
in this community.
Mr. Davis expressed himself as in j
hearty accord with the platform adopted
by the Merchants' Association, which
meant so much for the material advance
ment of the city.
"The. Alerchants' Association," said Mr.
Davis; "favors the placing of wires una r- j
ground, continuing the present street- i
cleaning system, better street pavement \
and salt water for sower flushing; in a
word, the beautifying .if our fair city so
that it will rank with the best cities in
tho nation. In addition to all this l would j
put the city in v. sound sanitary condi
tion so that it would ue healthful to live |
here".
"I think the municipality should be run ,
ori pound business principles just a - well
us any other business concern. The pco- !
j'!'- are interested in knowing how the i
money in expended and I believe in letting i
I b. -Sieve in the city owning its own
water supply and would advocate that as
one of the necessary improvements. In
regard to the other public utilities the
people can decide for themselves if they
want them to be controlled by the munici
pal government.
"In all thos-> matters I desire to state i
that I am perfectly independent. I do
not own one 1- share of stock in the gas,
electric or street car companies and i do
not possess a single bond in the Southern
Pacific Company; so you Bee that I am ;
free to act for the good and welfare of
this city; in which 1 have always taken !
a deep interest. If you think that my life j
justiiles your confidence In me then I '
think that I am entitled to your support ;
at the coming election. The Republican
ticket as nominated Is a good, Bound, sub
stantial ticket and deserves your confi
dence. As for th<; Board of Supervisors
I was privileged to aid In the selection
of the candidates and I assure you that ■
they are the best men that were found !
available for the positions. It is the best
ticket that has been placed before you ill
twenty years*.
"i think the current is setting our way
and we will win, because I see determin
ation in your faces. Hut we cannot win
without hard work. We must endeavor to
persuade the men who have gone away
from us to return to the fold where they
belong and once more bo Republicans as
they were of old. All I ask you to do is
to organize and let every man buckle
down to work earnestly, sincerely; stead
ily, patiently, so that when the Bun goes
down on 01-cction day the news will go
throughout this vast country that the Re
publican party is once more on top in
this glorious city of ours."
After the applause had ceased E. Myron
Wolf delivered an eloquent oration, in
which he eulogized in wing terms the
Republican candidate for the Mayoralty.
lie denied that the charter was a Demo
cratic measure, as the members of that
party would have people to believe. In
speaking of Horace Davis Mr. Wolf said:
"I learned to respect Horace Davis when
lie was at the •ad of the university.
Nobody can say aught against his char,
scter. Ho Is an employer of labor and
•very laboring an should cast his ballot
■.■•.■■
COMTE DEMANDS GOLDEN
SALVE FROM GODEAU
PROCEEDINGS In Judsce Dainprer
fleld's court yesterday took on a
decidedly Frenchy flavor. M.
Ostnin Comte, who sells liquors
at 409 Dupont street, was there with
three attorneys to press his claim for
lages against Undertaker
leau, who. he Bwears, brok«
his nosi ' royed the Bight of his
left eye at the last Christmas n ■ • t-
Henri IV. Mai
nderson nnd King ap
' to support the claim of the
man hand d< vin. Maitres Eugene
Bert and PrancoeSir were th< i
ur dcs pompes
ke, as it were,
the case of the undertaker.
During the course of the morning a
j'.iry was empaneled and Mattre Bar
nard explained the claims of his client,
Who sat in the back row a living ex
hibit of th« weight of the under
taker's (Ist. Maitre Bert, whose limit
In French is denned by the edges of a
menu card, took occasion to enlighten
the jur> rs concerning the merits of the
He told how Comte had be< n
anxious to Becure ilve bar and banquet
Ihe lasl Frem n ball ; how
i, who was a iii' mber of the
committee ha\ h . matter in
bad baffled the Duponi
d how, at a ■
•■. under t
■ ing the good of the
order, Comte had assailed the under
taker with a vile epithet.
■■ 'Voo Bonny voo mongtalr,' " he ex
clajmed, "that is what Mister Comte
called my client— isn't thai it, Qodeau,
■ mnj ' "
" '11 dit qtie j'en avais menti," " re
plied • ' - of funeral pomps.
tinny sonny voo mongtay,' " eaid
Impressively. "Yes, gentlemen,
what he called m\
- worse than ."
Maitre Bert's voic< dropped to an In
l whisper. The jury shrank In
ilrs. What ho said must have
■ : ble.
"M\ him and then,"
led Bert, "he sank his teeth into
Mr. Godeau's hand. What else could
He struck him. That is the
. [ved the Injuries
for which he now Becks damages."
M. ( tomte, ■ neof the< annibal
n ed him. took the
upon the i ■ >urt in
His • ■ eye had a
weak and watery appearai and his
bowed the hard usage through
which It had • it 1 memorable
ting. M. Comte's English
us Maitre Bert's
French Official interpreter R. M.
Aguirn was -ailed In to bridg
tic chasm. Through him Comte
B story with many a grimace
■ay,<\ shoulder Bhrug. The
. • room violated With '•
inongs." "d ' I >ngs" and
fay-mongs," the
w.— - — -
for him He has taken a leading part in
lie educational development of this , >}£
and has at all times been identified with
the interests of this community. He earn
ed the respect of that stalwart leader.
James G. Blame., and that alone Is a Buffl
cient recommendation ior Him.
The oth er speakers who addressed the
meeting were Colonel T. V. Eddy. A P.
V-.nDuzer and the following candidates:
For Supervisors, Dr. T. N. Morris. Charles
B?lFS."i:. N. Torello, William Wpcson.
f. „ ' „ t Shaw W. C. Johnson C. J.
Kngf District Attorney A. P. Black;
Sheriff, John Lackmann; County clerk.
William A. Deane; Recorder. \\. Z. Tlf
fanv Tax Collector. Joseph H. bunt.
Coron. i Dr. A. D. McLean; City Attor
eoroner Jac . kson; Police Judges, L. G.
Carpenter Charles A. low and Judge
imsen: Treasurer, L. Feusier.
MISSION REPUBLICANS:
A large and enthusiastic audience greet
ed the many speakers at Teutonia Hall,
on Howard street, last night. The Re
publican voters of the Thirty-first Assem
bly District turned out in full force ana
listened attentively to the speeches of
candidates. Great receptions were ten
dered to Horace Davis, the Republican
candidate for Mayor, and Colonel T. V.
Eddy The many other nominees were
also* 'well received. H. J. McMahon,
president of the district club, presided
and introduced the first speaker of the
evening in the person of Colonel T. V.
Eddy, who said:
The signal gun has been fired and the battle
brgJns in earnest tonight. The ,i decision
h-vs handed down its decision, and that decision
I.' favorable to the new charter. The campaign
« on ushered in »v a battle royal to deride the
mon' important election ever held In San Fran
pi"co-irnportant for one reason, that whatever
tnVreHUlt' 15, it will have a great effect on the
next State and national campaigns.
«•» are told by the opposition that we have
no rtKht to bring in national Issues in this
rami»'7i~n Mr. I'helan says that any one who
do™ , mc out those issues is false and a
traitor I'helan was wise when he argued
a?alMt any party principles. The Republican
nfrtv stands to-day for the expansion of the
RnUed States well Into the Pacific Ocean, an.l if
there 1- a city that ought to be In favor of the
, 'ii'v of the* present administration, that rlty
Is San Francisco. If her commerce continues to
pxn-fnd as it has In the past few years there
will not be enough shipping or railroad facili
ties to handle that commerce. Stick to that
principle that says that Americans shall make
what Americans use. and that the price thereof
Jh»ll be paid to Americans instead ot being
«?nt across the waters. The Democratic party
. Is you to tear down th« protective tariff;
they want to see these extra ships that are
being rapidly sent around the Horn turned
! ,...,,,|. they want to see the shipyards of
.hi. art closed down. The eyes of the enUre
HnltSd'States arc on San Francisco; they want
to know what she Is going to do In this inn
!'Horaclle pavi«. whom Mayor Phelan dc
nrunce'* as a traitor. Is a broadmlnded. level
headed man. He has lived here for over thirty
year' He built up a fortune by hard work,
and In doing so he built up as a monument a
tootle** character, an honest reputation. And
this Is the man I'helan denounces as a traitor.
Democrats say that Republicans are not
friendly to tho charter, and also say put no
one but th" friends of the charter on guard.
Do they Know that the charter Was made DOS
sible by a Republican legislature, signed by a
Republican Governor and carried on election
day by the voters of the Republican party?
The same can be said of the primary law, and
I now declare that if the voters of San Fran
cisco owe any political party any debt for the
same .they owe It to the Republican party.
Gentlemen, remember that it la your duty on
next election day to bo to the polls and vote
the Republican ticket from top to bottom.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1899.
which was that the marchand de yin
- :i:tk>r. v. II b< 'Ut
provocation >>r warning, ass I
him at the league meeting, breaking
■ -. and destroying ti:^ sight of his
left eye.
M. Comte Kot along swimmingly on
direel examination. At th< direction
of his counsel he Bhowed him tell ■
jv.rv. pointed out his scars a
hibited a photograph he had taken two
days after the trouble, showing his
condition at that time. \li> nose,
when i taker had pla i
fist, was concealed in the photo by
strips of court-plaster; his eyes were
d up end he bore a gen< rally dis
reput.-. ble appearance.
On cross- xamination'the woes of M.
Comte began. Maitre Bert's • ■
c inti nd< d to
that ' '"tut-, disappointed a I his
failure to get the bar privilege and
hating taker, had
for the purpose of
. sked the «
if at varii us tim !
he had not Invited numerous persons
■
to make 11 hoi for "cette I lodi au."
"U you know M'sieu Pontac?"
thundered the Sawyer.
•■( >ul, m'si< v," r< pli< ' '.ess.
"Did ' ' M'sieu 1 ie that
you h • au?"
"I dunno," repl I ■■ tn« In ex-
French.
i j ou tell that to M'sieu Grong
... at the h. t( I I.as Pyrennees?"
■•» a' possib," replied I bt \\ ltness.
"And M'sieus Amedee, Arres and
Bergc s ?"
the pronunciation
too thick for M. Comte. His
. tract) s head rested for
a moment on his ele\ ated left si.
his arms described a semicircle; his
palms were extended outward to <x
press bewilderment.
"Ah. you do!" exclaimed Bert. "I
thought as much," ,
So did everybody else, except the tired
William A. Deane, nominee for County
Clerk, received a gratifying reception
when he was Introduced. in a shori
speech he promised to conduct the office,
if elected, on an economical business
basis.
Creat was the cheering when John
. Lackmann, nominee for Sheriff, sti
forward. Mr. Lackmann thanked the
voters for the confidence they placed In
him and said that In return lie had al
ways tried to do his duty. He said that
if the people saw fit on next election day
\i< make him their Sheriff he would guar
antee that they would have no cause to
i egret ;h< Ir actions.
When Horace Davis entered the hall tin.
people gave him an ovation which lasted
f..r some time. When Introduced us the
next Mayor the audience cheered vocifer
ously. Mr. Davis said:
V"ii want to know what Is the keystone of
thf pollc) •! the :.>-u charter? Under the rhar
. ter, if the Supervisors so desire, the) can s=ub
; mit to pic a proposition to bond the
city. What should t!ir> policy ot U.-- new k<>v
ernment te in regard to the issuance of b 'ti'is 0
My policy Is that bonds Bhould be Issued only
as an absolute necessity. I believe In a per
fect sewer lystem. This portion of town south
of Market iti ■ should !>•■ Interested In the
question. CI is here thnt .-■■■.-. -rs are dan
gerous. When the heavy rains come and the
sewers overfl I tion Buffers the moßi
I am in favor of giving t.i San Francisco what
1 I think she la •*: 1 1 i t l^-.i t'\ and flint is as line- a
?">vpr system at any city in the world. No
matter what the cost would be, the perfect
tn la the right Idea in no
i: ■ w irld would Midi a disgrace us ..'ir
Channel-street sewer be tolerated. 1 believe in
new and better school houses, and no money
, spent in that way should be beßTUdged.
Joseph 11. Scott, Charles A. Low, Judgi
Joachimsen, .1. Nagle, Charles J. King.
and William Watson were among tln
other speakers.
REPUBLICANS RALLY.
Crowds of Republican voters cheered the
candidates who Bpotte at Mission Opera
Hall, ><:, Mission street, near Seventeenth,
last night. Bpeakers coming from the
oth^r Republican meetings were tendered
hearty ovations as they stepped upon the
platform.
When Horace Davis entered the hall the
cheering was loud and long. Among other
things he said:
'I am In favor of beautifying thp city.
1 giving it a first-class and perfect sewer
syst' m. second to none In the world, and
makliiK San Francisco a city In keeping
: with Its future position, thai of one of the
greatest commercial ports of the unl
x.-w schools should be buili and the old
ones ho repaired and placed In such condl
llon that our children woul i be safe* The
I sanitary condU [ boo!.-, should be
fully noted, our hospitals should be
.rebuilt and modernized and the pesthouse
should not b, a disgrace to such a fine
city as San Fran< - o." n. urged his
hearers to Work hard, to organize and to
inakf- a house-to-house car
"Don't think." said he, "that we ca«
float Into success, but be mindful ( ,f the
fact that we must fake off our em's and
work unceasingly from now untjl sun
down on i l( el lon day."
Charles A. Low. William A. Deane
I Judge Joachimsen, Major Kyle, Colonel
i Eddy, P J. Curtis, William Watson and
James Nagle were among the other speak
i ers.
PHELAN ON GAGE.
About 2.V) Democrats of the Thirty
second District filled the large dining hall
of the Central Hotel on Third street, near
stenographer, who had nothing on the
point of his pen with which to record
that comprehensive, or meaningless,
whichever way you take It, shrug.
Maitre Bert was proceeding to get out
of it all the satisfaction possible for
his client, when Maitre Barnard asked
leave to withdraw Comte long enough
to get In the testimony of the physi-
lans who had treated him. Permis
sion was granted and Dr. Charles J.
McCarthy took the stand. The doctor
said he examined Comte four days
after the encounter and found him suf
ferine from a fractured nose and con
tused eye. On cross-examination he
said he had examined the eye again
hist Friday and found that the sight
was cone from i;
"Do not the medical books, doctor,"
asked Bert, "give numerous Instances
of cases where people who are i.liud
of one eye do not disci that fact till
the other is injured?"
The doctor replied in the affirmative,
saying also that it was possible that
Comte might have been Win 1 ot his
left eye at the time be was struck by
( '•' au.
Dr. James F. Smith testified in a
similar strain, although he was not so
certain that Comte was blind in the in
jured optic.
< '"mi' was placed on the stand aga:n
a: d Maitre Bert resumed his cross-ex
amination. His questions were put
with a view to eliciting answers from
the plaintiff that the injuries to his eye
and nose had not interfered with his
attention to business. Comte shrugged
and shrugged and exhibited the palms
of bis hands, but. refused to have It
that way. At last he let out a flood
of French.
"For a month," the interpreter said
he said. "1 was so ugly that I was
ashamed to have anybody look at mo."
M. Comte nodded assent at the in
terpreter's translation, and turned his
regained beauty on the jurors as the
court ordered an adjournment till this
morninv.
Brannan, last night and listened to Mayor
Phelan' s speech on the new charter, the
Democratic administration and other in
ter.-sting thoughts from a score of candi
dates who were seeking votes.
The Mayor was In good voice despite
the fact that he had spoken at two other
meetings earlier In the evening. Once
started on his now familiar lines he im
pressed his auditors with his worth as an
and paid beautiful tribute to Mr.
1 Nidge, his ihart and a number of other
I temocra is.
He told of the harmony that existed in
the party at this election and excused
former conflicts by saying that like the
waves of the sea. they an In constant
agitation and thus keep it clear and pure
The Mayor told of the attempt being
made to draw him Into a discussion of
the currencj question, expansion and
other national issues, but said this was
a municipal campaign nnd only local is
sues should be touched on. He raised
his voice to a higher pitch and said;
"Let then wait until next year and
we will give them a light on those lines"
Me then dwelt on the new charter and
told of Its beneficial effects. He in
formed his auditors that under Its pro
tecting folds they had redress by peti
tion to the Heard uf Supervisors Instead
of waiting until their term had expired
lie claimed that the charter did not vesi
the Mayor with autocratic powers, but
simply placed in his charge the responsi
bility of appointing different officials and
if such appointees were not true to their
trust he could remove them at will.
He tailed attention of the transfer of
power from the Governor to the Mayor
and the value thereof. He said the Gov
ernor heretofore had the appointment of
many officers, and if they were distaste
ful the people had to grin and hear it.
As on other occasions he paid his re
spects to the chief executive of the State
declaring that Governor Cage had been
brought from the south and had proven
a monumental failure as an officer, lie
regretted Mi.- fan that MagUire was not
ell I '• d, as he was sure that distinguished
Democrat would have paid more atten
tion to the will of the people.
The Mayor made an earnest appeal for
re-election.
SHADOW OF KORTY-NINE
Mayor Phelan Balk^ at a Re-
gime That Suggests the
Days of Old.
The Democrats of the Forty-fourth As
sembly District assembled last night In
Washington Hall to greet th^ir nominees
and cheer for th< ticket. There was no
lack of enthusiasm even aftor a .store ot
tiresome addresses had echoed through
tli- hall.
Kmiii Pohll was the first speaker of the
evening and gave an assurance that every
man who stands upon a platform of hon
■ -■ government will be elected to positions
«'i trust for two years. \\ ith this startling
deviation from the regulation speech of
the period Mr. Pohll retired amid much
enthusiasm and gave place td Charles
Wesley Reed, who delivered an essay on
the charter In honor of the decision of the
Supremt Court. ).. F. By ing ton v\as alao
charged with charter platitudes and ex
ploded them with frequent Interruptions
of applause. When he had finished Mayor
Phelan was Introduced and received with
applause.
His Honor <licl not even vary the phrase-
Ology of what has now become his stere
otyped speech. He referred to the city as
a preat corporation in which the people
are stockholders. He told how proper
it is for him to meet the stock-
A GOOD BREEZE
BRINGS A FLEET
INTO THE PORT
Vessels Arrive From
the World Over.
SCHOONERS FROM CAPE NOME
TYPHOID FEVEB IS RAGING ON
THE CrOLD FIELD.
Arthur Sewall the Lrrgest Vessel
Ever Placed on the Floating
Drydock — New Boats
Being Built.
A big fleet of vessels made port yester- '
| day. Many of them had been off the Far- |
| allones for days and took advantage of
| the favorable wind and sailed in. The
j sugar fleet was well represented, and
! about the last of the Hawaiian crop la
now ■in port. Several coal ships arrived
from Newcastle, Australia, and Swansea,
and a couple of schooners from the far
north also put In an appearance.
Among the arrivals were the b,arks
Martha Davis, Andrew Welch and Dia-
I mond Head; barkentine V,'. H. Dimond,
J brig Consuelo and ship Falls'of Clyde,
from Hawaii; ship Alex Gibson from Bal
( timore, ship Lord Cairns from Swansea
; and ship Helensburgh from Newcastle,
Australia. .Of the sugar fleet the brig
i Cunsuelo, from Mahukona, made the best
j run, coming up in seventeen days. The
W. H. Dimond made the passage In
eighteen days, while the Falls of Clyde
was nineteen and a half and the Martha
Davis twenty-four days.
The Alex Gibson is commanded by Cap
' tain Holmes, formerly of the Charmer.
I This is his eightieth time of rounding the
' Horn,, and he says that the longest time
:he ever took to get from 60 to 59 was
twenty-one days, and that was due to an
accident to one- of the masts. On this
i occasion Captain Holmes brought the j
! Gibson from 50 in the Atlantic to 50 in
1 the Pacific in eleven days, and says he
never had the topsails in during the en- |
! tire run. Captain Holmes was here last
in the ship ( banner, but when she was
sold to W. IS. Mighell and others for the
I coast trade he went back East and was
appointed to the Alex Gibson.
The British ship Lord Cairns made the
j run from Swansea to San Francisco in
i 131 days. She encountered three storms
during the run, but none of them di I ,
much damage. The Cairns made the run
from 50 to 30 in ten days and, like the '
i Gibson, was detained outside for two days
I by light winds and calms.
Another vessel that got in from Sydney,
i N. S. W., was the British tramp Pathan.
j She comes here with a cargo of coal, and
1 as soon as it is discharged she will be
■ fitted out as a transport. The Pathan
I made the run from New South Wales in
• the good time of twenty-six days. The i
j schooners Luisa D and Louisa J. Kenny
j arrived from the frozen north. The Luisa
< D came from Cape Nome in twenty-seven
clays and brought down forty-three gold
j hunters, while the Kenny had been on the
I Siberian coast on a trading cruise, but
i stopped at ('ape Nome and brought down!
' twenty-nine gold hunters. Among the
! Luisa D crowd is a party of thirteen
, from lowa, who bought and fitted out. the
! schooner last spring. They have done
i fairly well and are going back to Nome
I next spring. During the voyage home
i Charles Hough died from general debility
! and was buried at sea.
j The Louisa J. Kenny was fitted out on
j Puget Sound and has been some time in
: the Arctic. She brings back 7000 pounas
! of whalebone ant! eighteen bear skins. On
I putting in at Cape Nome Captain Everson
' found a lot of miners who wanted to get
I out of the country, so he brought them
I down. The men on the Kenny and those
lon the Luisa D say that typhoid fever
j is prevalent at Cape Nome and that many
' I deaths had occurred. An exodus was on
I and all the steamers will come down with
j crowds.
1 The schooner Jennie Griffen arrived
1 from San Diego yesterday. She used to
j run between here and Point Reyes, but in
1 i June last started on a cruise to Southern
j California. She left San Diego forty days
i ago, but went to the guano islands and
' i brought up twenty-five tons of fertilizer.
; John Hyslop, the Merchant Exchange
! reporter at Point Lobos, did some good
1 I work yesterday. He made out the col
i lier San Mateo when she was thirty miles
; off shore. She was from Nanaimo for
1 Port Los Angeles and has been out Jive
days, being delayed by the heavy weather
that made the Walla Walla late. Hyslop
1 also made out the collier Bristol when
she was twenty-five miles off shore and
a "square-rigger" when she was thirty
-1 live miles away, which afterward turned
out to be the Helensburgh.
The steam schooners Ruth and Luella
! had an interesting race down the coast
■ from Coos Bay. The Luella won the race
, by a comfortable margin. She was bar- :
! bound at Tillamcok for nearly a month
i and had to discharge her cargo in order
■j to get out. The work of getting her
ready for a trip to Eureka will be rushed ■
■ night and day and she will sail to-morrow
• morning. :-"-. -V :■-•'
There is now Hearing completion . in
• Turner's yards. Benieia. a schooner for
; the Tahiti trade, an auxiliary schooner
for the Hawaiian interisland trade, a pas
• senger schooner for the Carolines and a I
: schooner for the French Protestant Mis
sion in the Marquesas and Tahiti.
A new four-masted schooner is being
■ built at Coos Bay for Captain James H. |
. ! Bruce and others. She will be 700 tons
i burden, 190 feet long, 39 feet 8 inches
' broad and 14 feet 6 inches deep. She will j
1 ! be ready for service in June, 1900.
The big four-masted bark Arthur Sewall
i | went on the floating dock at the foot
,Of Spear street yesterday. She is the
largest' vessel that has ever been on the
| dock and attracted a great deal of atten- !
■ tion in consequence. The dock hands had
: not the least trouble in handling the big i
I ship and when, safely on the float she '
only extended over the end about twenty
feet. The Bewail goes on the dock for a
'< general overhauling and painting. In j
about thirteen of the plates some riveting :
will have to be done and then the largest !
American ship afloat will be ready to load i
a general cargo for Europe. ,
_<$ ,«>_<§„ <§> _$> § Q> <$> @> — .§> £ £ £
!
■
■
,
■
.
!
'
■
■
i
i
i
i
■
■
!
'
;
I holders and discuss with them the
policy which shall be enforced for the
I next two years. The ever tiring but never
1 abandoned story of the creation of the
| charter was told for the twentieth time.
! Another fling was taken at the office
i holders who sought to test the legality of
I the new organic law and the Mayor in
sisted that the very men who fought the
; charter are now seeking to obtain office
under its administration as the law.
His Honor says that all his enemies are
enemies of the charter and lie wants the
people to punish them at the ballot boxes.
He says the Republicans want to keep
San Francisco in her swaddling clothes.
These men, he declares, are the men of
the days when the water came up to
Montgomery street. They are Silurians
and dreamers and do not know what a
splendid prospect Dewey's victory opened
;to the city. The Mayor's party is the
party of progress, ready to place the city
in debt to build schoolhouses, make the
city sanitary, construct sewers and erect
■ public buildings. For these reasons and
i for many more, which his Honor deems
very good votes are solicited for the Dem
ocratic ticket.
Just as the Mayor concluded Assessor
Dodge and his charts entered. The band
; must have seen him. for the strains of
"We Won't Get Home Until Morning,"
i blared through the hall. The other speak
ers of the evening had absolutely nothing
j new to suggest and male simply personal
! plea? for votes. They spoke In rapid suc
i cession as follow?: Assessor Dodge, R. p
!I) lan, F. K. Lane. Judge. Mogan, Dr. R.
Beverly Cole. James P. Booth, L. J;
Dwyer, Major Dennis Geary. A. B. Ma-
I guife, George H. Cabanlss, A. J. Fritz.
i Judge Conlan, Jeremiah Dt?asy and Pat
rick Boland.
DEMOCRATS BLEW HORNS
An open meeting of the Central Demo
cratic Club was held last night in Pythian
Castle Hall and the candidates on the
ticket, from Mayor Phelan down, were
invited to address the assemblage. As an
inducement to the audience, large schoon
ers of beer were furnished by a squad of
husky "sergeants-at-arms," and when the
THE CALLS
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
THE WORLD'S GREAT ARTISTS
Copyright, 1899, by Seymour Eaton.
Contributors to this rourse: Dr. John C. Van Dyke. Dr. Russell Sturgis, Dr. A. It.
Frothingham Jr., Arthur Hoeber. Frank Fowlrr and ethers.
11. CORREGGIO.
BY FRANK FOWLER.
It would spera that of few great paint
( the past have so little reliable data
been left regarding their life and work
as of Antonio Altegri, born in Correggio,
It!-!, and known by the name if his birth
place. Were it not for the comparative
ly small number of beautiful and individ
ual creations of which the centuries grant
him undisputed authorship this unique ar
tistic temperament might still be looked
upon as mythical. The parish repisrer
fails us in the outset, for it begins only
In 14!>f>. while this master was born in
1 194 Pellegrino Allegri, Antonio's father,
destined him for one of the learned pro
foanfnns hut. Yielding to a strong predi-
lection for painting
on the part of the
son. he was placed
in the studio of his
uncle. Lorenzo Alle
gri, an inferior
painter. Here ho
studied the first
principles of art find
continued its prac
tice under Glanbat
tista Lombard] of
his native town,
Oorreggio. I/ombardi
was formerly profes
sor of philosophy
and medicine In
Ferrara ar.d Bo
logna. Under nim
Carreggio studied
philosophy,
mathemaths. anato
my and optics. The
question ns to who
was Antonio's actu
al master in paint
ing is as problemati
cal as many other
facts, personal and
artistic, concerning
his career. The Idea
supported by Ri^'i.
and apparently rho
most probable. is
that he studied with
Antonio Eartolotti,
or Bartolozzi, at this
time head of the
school of art in Cor
reggjo. I»r. Meyer
is of the opinion ( ,f
Mengs. that he waa
a pupil of Francesco
Bianchi, called Fer
rari—a painter of
the school of Fran
cia at Modena.
would gladly welcome the fart if
we could find it. of Allegri's contact with
the great art spirits of his day, but thus
far authentic sources of information hai c
failed to tell up of a single great painter
in that great period of art whom he per
sonally knew, and it does not appear that
he ever was in Rome. Away from the
great art centers, then, this heaven-born
painter acquired an all-sufficient knowl
edge of his craft. Tt mattered little what
thome presented itself or what he was
commissioned to do, his ready brush
made sport of it— too much sport, indeed,
at times, for canons of cathedrals and
Benedictine monks. Thf-se monks com
; missioned Correggio to decorate the cu
pola of the Cathedral San Giovanni
Evangelists, a.t Parma. Allegri was of too
joyous a nature to be deeply solemn, ami
in .this vision of St. John in his old age.
"The Ascension of Our Lord." he ]•<;■■-
i sented the apostles in too unconventional
i a manner to give complete satisfaction
to the authorities who commissioned him.
He departed so far from tradition in this
painting as to represent these holy men
nearly destitute of clothing and reposing
on don. ls in most froe and unconstrained
| attitudes. Below them come the even
gelists, each acompanied by a father of
the church. A frieze divided by four win
dows, encircles the dome, and that part
| which is beneath each evangelist con
tains his emblems intermingled with boy
angels and flowers. These boy angels
play an important part in many of Cor
| reggio's frescoes. They rollick in wild
i est gambols over the whole space, and in
the "Coronation of the Virgin," only a
I part of which now exists, their antics are.
! if possible, more audacious than those of
< the dome, rs they are practiced even
j among the robes of the principal figures.
The irresistible gayety of his point of
view did not make of our artist the ideal
religious painter of his day; but. despite
i his lack of the sentiment of dignity and
\ solemnity in work of this character, we
find him in a method of composition cmi
'■ nently fitted for the treatment of re
-1 Ugious themes. For by his practice of
foreshortening from the point of sight
of the spectator he seems to do away
| altogether with the dome, if It be a dome,
! and to open to us, In its place, the blue
' vault of heaven, filled with figures float
ing upward in a sea of radiance, and In
supply was exhausted the candidates re
freshed them with thoughts on the new
charter "good government" and other
things political. The hall in which the
love feast was held was barren of an
American emblem, no room being had for
the stars and stripes, as Mr. i'helan's
flags covered every bit of space. Despite
this omission, many of the candidates
grew patriotic. Horns were furnished the
members early in the evening to blow an
acclaim for the victory of the new charter
when the candidate for Mayor put in an
appearance. , _
The instructions of Chairman Oscar
Hocha were disregarded, however, tor
whenever a popular candidate mounted
the platform or made a point he was
greeted with a blast, so that when Mayor
Phelan did arrive the possessors of horns
had little wind left to voice their enthu
siasm Not so the candidates. Thfy
Beemed to have enough wind to speak for
a month, and they helped swell the noisy
greeting to 'the .Mayor.
When quiet was obtained Mr. Phelan
felicitated on the decision of the Supreme.
Court Ho regretted that that body was
composed of a majority of Republicans,
but added thai he always liked to remove
the thought of politics in that august
body He said the Republicans were tak
ing credit for the charter by reason of the
fac.l that a Republican Legislature had
passed it and the Republican voters of the
city had voted for it. He took some credit
for himself in the matter and also told of
its being a Democratic Instrument, as it
expressed the will of the people. The
Mayor took a fling at Horace Davis for
not answering his letter, in which he had
called "that courteous gentleman" a trai
tor. He Bpoke Of the effort of the Re
publicans to lead him into a trap to dis
cuss national issues in a municipal cam
paign He declined to do this, but dared
them to touch on the lowering of the gas
rate The speaker dwelt on the good done
by the Democrats during the present ad
ministration and appealed to his auditors
to i eturn them to office.
Other candidates addressed the meeting
and were kin.lly received. George Caban
i^s assured his hearers that he did not
think they would ever be brought before
him and then told what he would do if
elected.
■ m ■
Ladles' tallrr-madp suit*, fur capes, cloaks.
Credit. M. Rothschild. 33t Post at. " •
Superior Lodge.
Superior Lodgr of the Ancient Order of
United Workmen gnvp its first jubilee en
tertainment and hall last night At 1605
Polk street, and it was one of the most
enjoyable entertainments that has i>> en
given in the Western Addition this Bea
son. The cozy hall in which it was given
was crowded with members of the order
the very postures In which they would
appear from below. Such powers, serious
ly used, could noi but uplift the mind \t
expended on sacred themes; but Correggio
waa a kind of pagan, rejoicing, exultiiig
in light and life for their own sakes. Ths
very perfection of this method of fore
shortening had also its faults— the Im
pression from below, as It would be in
nature, was sometimes confused. This
appears in the case of the "Assumption
of the Virgin, " with which he filled the
largo dome of the cathedral. Here hun
dreds of figures seen from below, boldly
foreshortened, produce their eflect. In the
hands of this master, mainly by the play
of light and shade on the different groups.
Still, a number of figures ascending
CORREGGIO.
(Pronounced Kor-red-jo.)
would not seem u> must advantage from
beneath, and the feeling of the chapter
of the cathedral and «>f the public re
garding this dome was a 1 first one of dis
nt. Tiiis was the general condition
of public sentiment when, as tradition
tells us, the mason':- boy exclaimed that
the new paintinj sembled
a dish r.f frogs. I' would thus a]
that the general lmpr< ssion of the forma
above their h< similar to that
received from their own favorite dish of
frogs, at which only th.- hind legs were
Berved. This saying became celebrated
perhaps by its giving expression to the
unuttered thought of many others. It was
not, indeed, until Titian passed through
Parma, in the suite of Charles V, ;
that the existence of this beautiful work
was placed beyond jeopardy. The canons
of the church had about concluded to
have it all effaced. Titian, on seeing- the
dome, said: "If you Tilled it with gold
you would not have paid what it is
worth." This saved the painting, but it
did not reinstate the painter in the re
gard of the people, for it is a fact that
for half a century after Correggio's death
his- reputation in Parma failed to receive
full justice.
To secure this truthful effect of fore
shortening he made use of small models
in clay, as of course the living model
could not be expected to retain such atti
tudes. These, it is said, were made for
him by a friend. Religious painting was,
however, not his choice, and tiring of mis
apprehension Allegri gave up the jremain
ing commissions on the cathedral, re
turned to his native town of Corrcegio
and devoted the rest of his short life of
not quite forty years to the production of
subjects from mythology.
Many madonnas bearing the name of
Correggio are in the various collections
scattered over Europe, but many of them
are of doubtful authenticity. The origin
c.f most of il;< Be was a demand, often
: ignorant, for "Corres;K T i f >s." In the eight
eenth century, which demand the dealers
undertook tv supply. But in spite of the
harm this fact lias done his fame, the
strict test to which his works are now
ected is clearing the way more and
more for an unreserved admiration of
this happy genius who peopled cupolas
and canvases with glowing Images and
i left behind him in his brief pilgrimage a
path of light.
and friends of the lodge. The following
was the programme presented: Mandolin
and guitar selections. Mr. and Mrs. J. H.
Willard and 7. Schenck: ballad. P.
Giannini; address, L. M. Konn, master
workman; songs and specialties, Jennie
and Marguerite Honn; autoharp and har
monica solo, Louis F. Klem Jr.; duet,
Miss Rubj d M. H. Shep
ard; descriptive ballad, Frank M. Gian
nini; contralto solo. Miss Mac Corlette,
and selections by the Knlcker Quartet.
This was followed by dancing until mid
night.
The Name BUDWEISER
on a bottle of beer Is a guarantee of superior
merit, wh.-n the Anheuser-Busch trade mark
ami name also .'ipp'-ar 'in the label. Purest,
pular brand ol beer in the world.
PRESIDENT DONNELLY
HONORED BY PRINTERS
FIVE HOURS AROUND THE BAY
ON THE MARKHAM.
A score of members of the San Fran
cisco Typographical Union entertained
Presideni Samuel B. Donnelly f the In
ternational Typographical Union yester
day morning and afternoon by a trip
around the bay on the tug Governor
Marknam. The party left Mission sue.-t
wharf at 10 o'clock send beaded ai once for
the L nion Iron Works. A long-range in
vestigation was held at this jn.int with
out landing. The next place of interest
was the dry docks at Hunters Point
where the party landed and spent a half
hour about the transport Hancock, which
in now tn-ing overhauled.
From Hunters Point the tut; steamed up
the bay and outside the heads. Return
ing, a landing was made a: Saasalito
where lunche rt was in order. The after
noon rid*- was up the bay toward San
•in and a return to the city. The
affair was successful in every particular
and the party a merry one from the time
of starting to the return to luwn
The party comprised the following-
Samuel B. Donnelly, president of the In
ternatlonal Typographical T'nion- H
Gibb. -Mr. and Mm \V. J. White. Mr. and
Mrs. William !'•. Groodi Mr. and M
A. Buchanan. Mr. and Mrs F. <• Van
Bchalck, Mr. and Mrs. Elsworth Bard
Mrs. J. Prentice, Mis. .1. Neely Mrs a'
Camp, Mrs. George P.igl.T. Mr. and Mrs'
w. A. Rosetti, Mr. and Mrs. P. W. Pray"
F. Wandress. J. Collins, T. J. Dir.an G*
1.. Taylor. T. I. Wrikht, C. M. Jones' f"
E. Caler, C. H. Parker, F. Thomas' L.
Michelson.
Brown is in town.
910
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
• and Sterling Exchange lower.
Barley and Oats stronger.
and Rye as previously quoted.
■ quantities of damaged Hay and Starw turning
continue in demand at the high prices.
Nine cars of Sweet Potatoes in from Merced.
and Cheese open the week unchanged.
i f Eastern Poultry arrived. Game quiet
Peaches and Plums about out for the season,
es of ail kinds coming in wet and moldy.
•d Fruit stands the same.
Wet weather cuts down receipts of Berries.
sions unchanged.
Charters.
The Crown of Germany loads wheat at Port
land for Europe, 37a 6d; Niobe. same voyage,
333 Pd. both prior to arrival; Charmer, coal at
Departure Bay for Honolulu; Eva, redwood at
Eureka fcr Honolulu; lnoa, lumber at Port
Hadlock for Melbourne or Adelaide, 51s 9d.
The Sierra Blanca wns chartered prior to ar
rival for wheat to Europe, Sss.
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 23, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka 54 ] Independence 5S
Red Blurt 64jLos Angreles 6*
Sacramento 60 San Diego 64
Fresno 62'Yuma 78
San Luis Obisp.) 64J
•~;:n Francisco datn— Maximum temperature,
£.:>; minimum. 50; mean, 54.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure ha* risen generally over the Pa
cific LSt. It is beginning to fall at Neah Bay,
ami there are som? indications of the approach
of an area of low jiressure. At Fort Canby
rain is tailing, with poutheast wind reaching a
maximum velocity of 3s miles iier hour.
The weather is senerally clear throughout
California.
The, temperature has fallen about 10 degrees
ov.^r Utah. In the gri-at valleys of California
the conditions are not favorable for fruit dry-
Ing, lIX temperatures being from 6 to 13 degrees
below the normal;
Forecast marie at San Francisco for 30 hours
<>n.ling midnight October 24. 1539: r
For Northern California— Fair Tuesday, with
ln.'rva'lne: cloudiness anil *howere in the after
noon on the coast from Cape Mendoelno north
ward: light northwest winds, changing to
southeast, on the coast. ■
F.-r Southern California— Fair Tuesday; light
northerly winds.
For Nevada— Cloudy Tuesday.
For Utah— Fair Tuesday; warmer Tuesday
ni-ht.
For Arizona— Fair Tuesday.
For San Francisco and vicinity— Tues
day Increasing cloudiness and unsettled
weather at nic;ht; westerly changing to light
southerly A 1 .EX AND ER <*. McA I 'I K.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS
AYtv York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 23.— The market gave con
vincing evidence to-day of a substantial growth
of bull sentiment In Wall street. The dealings
took on more appearance of animation than at
any time since the violent downward course
of prices, when the money situation first be-
K an to awaken anxiety. Dealings were very
well distributed in that almost every depart
ment of the security market was represented
In the advance. Handsome grains in prices
were achieved In many prominent stocks and
In a large number of cases the last prices were
the best. In other cases : rout-taking made
notable inroads upon the day's highest prices,
n'ui some effort was obvious in sustaining the
market in the closing dealings. It was a
notable feature of the market also that while
a number of members of a distinctive group
of stocks would show great strength and ac
tivity, other members ol the same group, seem
lnfely dependent on the same intiuences, would
remain quiescent and almost immovable. Thus
while Louisville and the Norfolk' stocks ad
vanced vigorously, other conspicuous Southern
lines of railroads were lite unaffected. Again
while the grangers also as a rule were strong
nud active, Northwestern scarcely moved, and
Pacific stocks, including Southern Pacific, show
ed very slight response to prevailing strength.
The New York, Chicago and St. Louts stocks
were subjected to rather palpable manipula
tion, the first preferred rising an extreme
eight points and the second preferred six
points. New York Central was also vigor
ously bulled to a maximum price of 140. The
high-priced specialties, including sugar, to
bacco and People's Gas, nnd the local traction.
tt!n-kf>. were all quite aggressively strong.
The largest activity was in the leather stocks
and the buying In them continued until the
close, the common crossing 19 and the pre
lt-rred touching SI. This enumeration includes
the most conspicuous instances of strength,
There was at the same time a notable back
ward movement In Pullman, Laclede Gas and
Anacondaj which show net declines respec
tively of J j, C and 2 points. American Malt
ing and one or two of the iron and steel stocks
also reacted and Glucose Sugar preferred drop
ped 3 i-oints In spite of the strength of the
common stock. How far the day's strength
was due to covering hj- the short Interests,
which common credenr-e places at still larger
proportions, it would be difficult to say. The
public h.id little to do with to-day's rise. But
professional operators of a large caliber took a
conspicuous and confident part in the market.
The continued downward course of sterling
exchange affords relief from all apprehension
of good exports. But no prospect Is diseern
able of easier money conditions. Call money
to-day was suffer at 6 and 7 per cent and time
loans for all periods again came back to 6 per
cent. Exchange continued to move In
favor of the interior as against New York.
Recent large expenditures by the Government
hhow a declining tendency and thus threaten
a renewed drain on the New York banks In
taking up the Government surplus. To-day's
movement of Ftocks demonstrates how com
pletely the money outlook was Ignored. There
was very heavy buying of Green Bay income
"B's" at an advance of 2%.
The bond market was moderately .active at
advancing prices. Total sales, par value
|3.5«.000.
United PtHtfP 3s ■■■■■' X and old 4s reg
istered declined Vi :■'■■'■:■! price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Pharos Closing
Soid. Stocks— Bid
4.010 Atchison "1H
£2,;,4r. Atchison prefd '.'.'.'.'.'..'. 65%
413 Baltimore & Ohio 52H
» Canadian Pacific 94U,
."!''"■* Canada Southern 53
1,420 Chesapeake & Ohio 2f'^
1,000 Chicago Great Western ii : - 4
34.40) Chicago Burlington A Qulncy 1334
mo Chicago, Ind fc Louis 11%
200 Chicago Ind & Louiß prefd «2
Chicago and Eastern Illinois 96 14
1.420 Chicago <fe Northwestern .- 171%
18.Mi1 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific... 114*.
1,000 C C C & St I,ou!s S9U
100 Colorado Southern .;; 5'
- Colorado Southern Ist prefd 45Vi
Colorado Southern 2d prefd . 17
ZW Delaware A. Hudson !!l"!l20V>
3,540 Delaware Lackawonna & Western. !l:in}l
. Denver & Rio Grande 21* i
400 Denevr & Uio Grande prefd.. "" 75%
Erie ..." 13
l.O^i Erie Ist prefd 37^
. 1,4:.0 Great Northern prefd 174
230 Hocking Coal IgU
Mil Hacking Valley '.'/ 34
3,010 Illinois Ontral U,-,i^
100 lowa Central ' 13jl.
lowa Central prefd r, r ,,?
100 Kansas City rittshurg & Gulf.. 8 '
Lake Erl* <>i Western ijj
lf'O I--ike Erie & Western prefd.... 7yi^
Lake Shore I9x
50.725 Louisville ,t Nashville S4"Vi
17,080 Manhattan L .' 110 ? -j
B.GW) Metropolitan Street Railway lS7»i
1,02"> Mexican Central ....14
Minn &■ St Louis 71
190 Minn & .St Louis prefd :. a,
12,510 Missouri Pacific 4!ii
-300 Mobile & Ohio." 45
Missouri Kansas & Texas 124
•-J.OOO Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd . 38i4
2.CMJ N«w Jersey Central IJII4
25.55G New York Central 139^;
4,l'X> Norfolk &. Western...' 25-i
2,GfiO Norfolk & Western prefrl 70%
S.tiio Northern Pacific M
Northern T'iiclflc prefd 7;%
■Jt.iOO Ontario & Western 25
Oregon Railway .t Nay 42
Oregon Railway He Nay profd 7CM
i.'ltVj Pennsylvania 133$
100 Reading 21
4.3K) Reading Ist profd :.!»i^
2, W0 Reading 2d ■ ••■■! 32
Rio Grande Western 374
Uio Grande Western prefd 81
100 St Lou!s & San Fran '. 10;t
■
-. St Louis & San Fran let prefd...— TO
500 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 36H
500 St Louis Southwestern 11
4.010 St Louis Southwestern prefd 32 1
17,174 St Paul 126%.
St Paul prefd 171
St Paul & Omaha 122
18.150 Southern Pacific 88%
2,425 Southern Railway 12H
8,252 Southern Railway prefd 58%
350 Texas & Pacific 18
1,590 Union Pacific 4.'\
10,256 Union Pacific prefd 77%
Wabash 7Vi
2.250 Wabash prefd 21%
3,640 Wheeling & L B 114
8,600 Wheeling & L E 2d prefd 80%
1.065 Wisconsin Central 16%
Express Companies —
Adams 115
....... American 148
United States 51
Well-Fargo 130
Miscellaneous—
7.600 American Cotton Oil 44%
American Cotton Oil prefd 95
400 American Malting 124
American Malting prefd 64%
200 American Smelting & Ring 35 T -s
1.066 American Smelting & Rfng prefd... $6%
American Spirits 4
American Spirits prefd 17
5,900 American Steel Hoop ; 43%
1,750 American Steel Hoop prefd 83%
5,020 American Steel & Wire 507s
1,000 American Steel & Wire prefd : 5
1,000 American Tin Plate 36
420 American Tin Plate prefd 834
23,150 American Tobacco 123%
American Tobacco refd 144
3,959 Anaconda Mining Co 44
61. 415 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 86%
1.675 Colorado Fuel & Iron 55%
6,150 Continental Tobacco 43%
1,400 Continental Tobacco prefd 92;*,
14.V50 Federal Steel 55
3,050 Federal Steel prefd 73
1.450 General Electric 121
4,750 Glucose Sugar 50%
535 Glucose Sugar refd :■;■
800 International Paper Ji
International Paper prefd 70
2,500 Lacii'de Gas 74
M 0 National Biscuit 4 - 4
National Biscuit prefd 96
400 National Lead' 2<"4
National Lead prefd 108*4
2.400 National Steel 48V4
150 National Steel prefd 94
New York Air Brake 147
800 North American 12%
2.120 Pacific Coast 50%
2'.<o Pacific Coast Ist prefd 91
950 Pacific Coast 2d prefd 674
3.000 Pacific Mail 401;
1.477 People's Gas 114
Pressed Steel Car 564
665 Pressed Steel Car prefd $94
2,499 Pullman Palace Car 200
Standard Rope & Twine 6*4
73.960 Sugar 151
150 Sugar prefd 117
1,050 Tennessee Coal & Iron list;
121.^5 United States Leather 19
20.250 United States Leather prefd 81
240 United States Rubber 46%
.- United States Rubber prefd 112
64S Western Union 87«
1.210 Republic Iron & Steel 25*4
1.400 Republic Iron A Steel prefd 7..1
- C.C & St Louis. 7;,
691,300 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 4s reg 1004 M X A T 2d» 68H
Do 3s reg 107% Do 4s 934
Do 3s coup 108% N V Cen Ists 112
Do new 4s reg...128% N J Cen gen 5s 119
Do new 4s c0up. .129^ >.- Carolina 6s 127
Do old 4s reg....1i1% Do 4? 104
Do old 4s c0up. .112 No Pac ists 113
Do 5e reg 110% Do is 65%
Do 5s coup 110% Do 4s 102' i
Dis of Col 5.655. ...117 X V C & S 1. 4? 105
Ala class A 110 .X & w ron 4s 92%
Do class B 110 I Do gen 6s 135
Do class C 103 Or Nay lsts . 115
Do Currency , 100 | Do 4s ]..•
Atch gen 4s 99% Or Short Line 85. .127%
Do adj 4s 86% Do con oh 145
Canada So 2di 108 Reading Gen 45.... 87%
CheH & Ohio 445.. 95 KG w 15t5...... ■■; "
Do 5s iis* t S L & I M Con Ss. HOW
C & N Con 7s 145 BLiSF Gen 65.124» 4
Do S F Deb 5b.. 106% St Paul Con.. . 169k
Chic Term 4s 98 S PC & P 15t5.. ..121%
DA R Q Ists 105 Do 5a 120%
Do 4s 99% Bo Railway 55.. 108V4
E T V & G .103% Stand R & T 65.... 80
Erie Gen 43 79% Term new set 35.. 95
F\V & D C ists.. 7S Tex A Pac Ut5....114%
General Elec 55.. .115 , Do 2ds 56
G H & P A 65. ...110 .Union Pac 45.... 104
Do 2ds 101 Wabash lsts 116
H& T Cen 5s 110% Do 2.15.. 10014
Do Con fis 110 "West Shore 45... 112
lowa Cen lsts 11l Wis 1 'en lsts 754
X C P & G ists.... 7 1% Va Centuries 86 "
La new con 4s 106 j Do Deferred . 5
L &. N Unl 45.... 994iC010 A P $5%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 27 Ontario '. 775
Crown Point 12 1 Ophir 70
Con Cal & Va 150 Plymouth 08
Dead wood 78 Quicksilver 50
Gould & Curry ... 25 Do prefd 700
Hale & Norcroaa.. 30 Sierra Nevada .. 55
H •mistake 60 00 Standard 60
Iron Silver 1 60 1 Union Con 27
Mexican •20 Yellow Jacket ...... 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Rubber 46%
Call loans 6 Union Pacific 45%
Time loans Iff) j Union Land 4
Storks— .Vest End 94
Atchlson 21%; do prefd 115
do prefd 66% Mining shares—
Am Sugar 151 Adventure 054
Pell Tel 367 Allouez Mining Co 4%
Boston & Albany.. Atlantic 26
Boston Elevated ..107% «ton & M0nt. ...340
Boston & Maine ..200 Calumet & Hecla 745
(' B & Q.... 133 Centennial 234
|d Elec 111 208 Franklin ]6
Fitchburg prefd ..120 Humboldt 164
Gen Kit- 121 ;Osceola $4
. do prefd 13* Parrot 4 ■.<:
Federal Steel 55Ms Quincy 154
do prefd 79 .Tamarack 211
Mexican Central .. 13%:lVlnona .. 8
Mich phone... 105 i Wolverines ..*""" 40
Old Colony 206 rtah .[ " 35
Did Dominion 2741
London Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 23— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
: The session here to-day was a repetition of
: Saturday afternoon, Africans booming and
other securities being quiet and cheerful, owing
to the Influence of further British victories in
South Africa. Investment securities relapsed
in the afternoon on apprehensions of the effect
of the war budget to 1,,. presented this evening
which it Is understood will call for £10.000 OOO'
The Chancellor of the Exchequer In the House
of Commons made a statement to the effect
that the estimated surplus for the year would
be £3.000,000. If.- accordingly proposed to raise
£3,000,000 by treasury bills, suggesting that
there will be no new taxation at present. This
announcement came late In the afternoon.
Consols touched 104"* and closed at 104.
Americans were firm, about parity, till New
York operations caused a sharp rise. Rapid
fluctuation* followed, but the eloping prices
were near the best of the day. The most ac
tive and the strongest features were Louisville
and Nashville, Union Pacific Issues and Atchl
son preferred. London, however, was not much
Interested, the business In this department be
ing almost entirely confined to arbitrage
j houSCH.
! Spanish 4h were 60%. Copper shares were
weak on the fall In the price of metal, tlntos
i touching 47 : , on Paris selling. Anacondas were
9%; Utah. 7 11-16. and Bostons 5 1-16.
The Bank of England bought £102.000 gold
i in bars and received from the Cape £40,000, be
lieved to be the last driblet of Transvaal bul
\ lion. For an unknown destination £26,000 was
taken. Money was easy.
CLOSING.
I LONDON, Oct. 23. -Canadian Pacific. 67"»4 ■
1 Union Pacific preferred, 79; Northern Pacific
■ preferred. 77%; Atchison. 21%; Grand Trunk
1 7%! Anaconda, 9%. '
Bar ■liver, steady, 26% d per ounce. Money
■. pet cent. .
New York Money Market.
NEW- YORK, Oct. 23.— Money on call steady
at SO7 per cent, last loan .6 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper. 6^5*4 per cent. Sterling .- x .
chanxe, ea*y, with actual business in bank
ers bills at »4 W\(ni S7 for demand and at
$4 52%@4 S3 for sixty days Posted rates
♦4 5404 S4V* and »4 88®4 834- Commercial bills
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1899.
$4 S2. Silver certificates, 58^(^590. Bar silver,
57% c. Mexican dollars, 47c. Government
bonds, irregular. State bonds, inactive. Rall
ruad bonds, strong.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Oct. FLOUR— Receipts, 23,
--470; exports, 2198. Sales, 11,000 packages. Mar
ket ruled firmer In sympathy with wheat and |
on more active demand.
WHEAT— Receipts, 93,175; exports. 89.317. j
Sales, 3,023,000 futures, 2000 spot. Spot firm;
No. 2 red, 76c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern
■ I'uluth. 79c f. o. b. afloat to arrive; No. 2 rtd.
74c elevator. Options opened firm, Me decline
: under a temporary local bear raid, but Im
: mediately turned firmer, following the lead of
Chicago and on a more bullish statistical posi
tion than looked for. especially as to the extent ]
of the visible supply Increase. The market ad- ;
vanced %c from the low point and clo«ed
strong at a net advance of %@%C. March, 7SM:@ \
79iic. closed 79»4c; May, 78 7-16®79%c, closed ■
794 c; December. 744®75?4c, closed 75% c.
HOPS— DuII.
HIDES— Firm.
"WOOL— Steady.
METALS— The local metal market was heavy |
and Inactive much of the day, with final prices j
showing declines in several instances. The fur
eign and Western news averaged up unfavor
i ably; buyers were scarce and sellers apprehen
sive. : "■". '
I At the close the exchange called:
PIG IRON— Warrants dull at ISc nominal.
LAKE COPPER— Easy at ISc.
TlN— Weak and lower at $31 26 nominal.
LEAD— Quiet, with $4 60 bid and $4 65 asked.
SPELTER-Dull, with $6 30 bid and $5 10;
asked. The brokers' price for lead Is «40 and
for copper 18c.
COFFEE- Options closed steady. 10016 points
net higher. Sales. 24,250 bags, including: No- 1
vember, $4 90; December, $5175 05; January.
$5 10ca5 15; February, $." 15: March, $5 2OOT- 25;
1 May. $5 35; July. 15 45; August, $5 50; Septem
ber, $5 55. Spot coffee— Rio firmer and tending |
upward. Mild firmer and advancing.
SUGAR Raw firm, held higher; fair refin
ing. 3 13-1-V; centrifugal. 96 test, 4 5-16 c bid;
molasses. 3 9-16 c bid. Kenned— Steady, demand
increasing.
BUTTER— 8022 packages; steady;
Western creamery, 17<ff24c; factory. 14^4@17c.
EGGS — Receipts, 17,993 packages; tteady;
Western, 14&18&
Dried Fruit in New York.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23.— California dried fruits
steady.
I EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 6t?7c, i
prime wire tray. 7?i(&Sc; choice, SViOSV c; fancy,
PRUNES— 34^S4c.
■ APRICOTS Royal, 13#16c; Moorpark, 15@19c.
I PEACHES— 20(J?22c; unpeeled, 74#10c.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Oct. 23.— heat opened strong '
and active. Complaints of damage by drouth
j in the Southwest and higher Liverpool cables,
notwithstanding the downward tendency of the
i market here for the last week, caused the
j change in sentiment. Buying was heavy from
j the outset, and as offerings were scarce the
market soon got above call figures. Profit
taking and selling by holders of privileges
caused a slight reaction after 4c had been
added to the opening advance, but as corn had
begun to show decided strength shorts became
anxious and ran to cover. Outside buying
hastened the upturn that followed and the
price tended upward the remainder of the sea
sion, the market closing strong at the best
price of the day. A smaller increase in the
visible supply than expected and liberal clear
ances helped to maintain the advance. De
cember opened a shade higher at 69% ( 570c, ad
vanced to 70%<\ sold off to 70Vic and advanced
to 70-'<i^70 T sC at the close.
Corn started strong and kept improving a
little right along until within half an hour
from the close, when profit-taking checked the
advance. Reports of poor yields and a large
decrease in stocks, coupled with the heavy
current requirements of both foreign and do
' mestic consumption, was the basis of the mar
kefs strength. December closed at 31%^314c.
Oats ruled quiet and the advance was due
almost entirely to sympathy with corn. De
cember advanced to 22i 4 (T;22 T iic at the close.
Higher prices for hogs and a good cash de
mand strengthened provisions. The advance
in corn was a further encouragement and a
moderate gain was easily established. Janu
ary pork closed 74'??10c higher, January lard
and ribs 2W higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
October 88% fiS% 684* rs.>\
December .... 70 70% 69% 70%
May 74 74% 73% 74%
Corn No. 2—
October 314 81% 31 31% ;
December 30% 314 30% 314
May 82% 33% 82% 83%
Oats No. 2—
December 22 1 i 22% 22% • 22%
May 24% 24% 24>4 24% I
Mess Pork, per bbl—
December 7 90 7 95 7 90 7 f'2'^
January 940 9 474 940 9 45*
Lard, per 100 lbs—
D^cember 5 174 5 224 6 174 520
January 535 5 374 535 535
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
December 4 724 4 724 4 724 4 724
January 4 924 495 4 92% 4 92%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 2 Spring Wheat, 69'971c: No. 3 1
Spring Wheat, 64®70c; No. 2 Red. 704®714c:
No. 2 Corn. 32T/32>4c: No. 2 Oats, 22%@25%; No.
2 White. 26c; No. 3 White, 25% c; No. 2 Rye. 55c:
No 2 Barley. 394045 c; No. 1 Flax Seed. $1 264;
Prime Timothy Seed, $2 25; Mess Pork, per bbl,
$7 90(fE7 95: Lard, per 1"" lbs, $5 224(f?5 25; Short
rib Sides (loose), $4 7505 76; Dry Salted Shoul
ders (boxed). 6C<I6MiC; Short Clear Sides (boxed).
So 45(35 SS; Whisky, distillers' finished goods,
per gal, $1 23; Sugars, Cut Loaf, 5.70 c; Granu
lated, 5.180^ -_
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels 17,000 18,000
Wheat, bushels 165.000 22,000
Corn, bushels 442.000 737.000
Oats, bushels 817.000 879.000
Rye. bushels 19.000 2.000
Barley, bushels 93.0-0 30,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was dull but steady. Creamery. 15@22c:
dairy, 14^19c. Eggs, steady; fresh, 16V4c
Cheese, strong; creams, 12@12%C.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. Mar. May.
Opening 6 HVi 6 % . 6 %
Closing 5 lift 6% 6 1%
PARIS.
Wheat— Oct. Jan. -Apr.
Opening 18 55 19 35
Closing 18 40 19 25
Flour- 24 50 25 50
Opening 24 50 25 50
Closing .' 24 50 25 50
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Oct. 23.— CATTLE— The prevailing
' features of the cattle market to-day showed very
I little chance from those noted for some time
past. Offerings that were of prime quality sold
satisfactorily, but common grades ruled weak
: and 10c lower. Fancy to good grades brought
I $5 50^5 66; common to medium, $4'!i'4 95; stock
: ers and feeders. $2 75@1 SO; cows and bulls, J2@
2 Co; Texans, $3 55»54 10; calves, $4 Bo(g>s 60.
HOGS— wan an active trade In hogs
early in the day at an advance of 24c In price,
but this was all lost, and the market closed
weak. Fair to prime lots sold at Jt 224<5,4 50;
heavy packers, J3 I =s'@:4 20; mixed, $4 10Q4 424;
butchers. J4 If.'-/ 4 424; light weights, $4 1004 45
--pigs. $3 90(^4 40.
SHEEP — Trade in sheep and lambs was ac
tive at steady prices, Inferior to choice year-
I lings, $2@4 60; Western rangers, J.i'u4; feed
! era, $3 30#3 65; poor to prime lambs, S3 75@
I 7t.
Receipts— Cattle, 19,000; hogs, 30.000; sheep
IS. 000.
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. Oct. 23.— statement of the
] visible supply of grain in store and afloat
on Saturday, October 21, as compiled by the
New York Produce Exchange, Is as follows-
Wheat. 48.656,000 bushels, increase 1,206 000
--oats, 6,724,000 bushels, decrease 327.000; ry<»
I 1.063,000 bushels. Increase 244, 000; barley ' 2 510 -
000 bushels, increase 409.000; corn, 14 099 060
■ bushels, decrease 966.000.
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINOTON, Oct. 23.-To-day's state
ment of the condition of the treasury shows:
Available cash balance, 5292.457.241 ■ gold re
serve, $253,752,760.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Opt. 23— Consols. 104%; silver,
2fi\d; French rente?. 100f 37i»c.
Wheat cargoes off coast, buyers Indifferent
operators; cargoes on passage, easier and ne
glected; cargoes, No. 1 standard California, 31s:
English country markets, part Gd cheaper: im
port Into United Kingdom, wheat. 285.000 sacks;
import into United Kingdom, flour, 193,000 bar
rete; wheat and flour on passage to United
Kingdom, 1.900,000 bushels: wheat nnd flour on
passage to Continent, 1,410,000 bushels.
LIVERPOOL, Oct. 23.— Wheat, easy; wheat
In Paris, quiet: flour in Paris, quiet; French
country markets, steady
COTTON— Uplands. 4d.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL, Oct. 23.— Wheat— Spot, easy;
futures, steady; December, 5s HVid; March, 6s
%d; May. 6s lHd.
Corn— Futures, quiet; December, 8s SVid;
January, os 7V<d.
California Fruit Sales.
The Earl Fruit Company sold California fruit
to-day" at auction, realizing the following
prices:
BOSTON, Oct. 23.— Grapes— Muscat, single
crates $1 Is@i 70. average' $1 21: Cornichon,
$1 30®2 25, average $1 71. double crates $2 60®
$3 05, average $2 96; Tokays, single crates $1®
2 10, average $1 40, double crates $2 30@3 15,
average $2 82. Two cases sold to-day. Wet, un
favorable weather.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 23.— Grapes— Tokays.
single crates $1 20<?jl 65. average $1 40, double
crates $3 26. Two cars sold to-day. Favorable
weather..
NEW YORK, Oct. Grapes— Cornichon,
single crates $1 25^1 75 average $1 36; Tokays,
$1 30®l 70. average $1 55 double crates %1 75<8'4,
average $3 61. Prunes— ltalians, single crates
9f.c(fi'sl 25, average $1 02. Five cars sold to-day.
Favorable weather.
CHICAGO, Oct. 23.— Grapes— Malaga, single
crates 9Oc(jTsl 05, average $1 03: Tokays, $1 10®
1 40. average $1 29; Emperor, $1 15@1 20, aver
age $1 16. Pears— D'AnJou. boxes, $2 64; Keifer.
$1 75. Prunes— ltalian, single crates 75@80c.
average 79c. Eight cars sold to-day. Favor
able weather.
KANSAS CITY, Oct. Grapes— Emperor,
single crates $1 26; assorted. $1 26; Muscat, $1 16;
Tokays. $1 26. Pears— half-boxes, $1 15.
DENVER, Oct. 23.— Apples— Bellflower, boxes,
$1 64.
PITTSBURG, Oct. Grapes— Cornichon,
single crates $1 31, double crates $2 79; Tokaye,
$1 31. double crates $2 79.
OMAHA, Oct. 23.— Howell. boxes, $2 10;
D'Anjou 32: Duchesse, $2; Clairgeau, $2.
Prunes— ltalian, single crates $1.
CHICAGO, Oct. 23.— Porter Bros, sales of j
California fruit: Grapes— Tokay, 80c!<j$l 60 half ',
crate; Muscats, 76c@$l; Rose de Peru. 60'</Soc; j
Veselles. 75c@$l 06; Ferreras, 95c; Cornlchons,
90cf $1 25. Peaches Bilyeans, $130 box; Sal-]
ways, $170. Plums— Late Red, 85c halt
crate. Pears— Nellis, $2 55 box; Howell,
$1 90^2 15: B. Bosc. $2 10; De Anjous, $1 85®
2 20; B. Duels, $1 70. Eight cars fruit sold to
day.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Oct. Clearings, $574,639;
Balances. 8138,251.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON
PORTLAND, Oct. 23.— But a few of the
wheat exporters cared to quote over 57c for
Walls. Walla to-day, although a cent more
was possible where the cereal was needed for
a special purpose. Half a dozen ships under i
previous charter have arrived within the past
forty-eight hours and will assist In relieving
the strain on the crowded docks and ware
houses.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Oct. 23.— WHEAT— 564 c;
bluestem. 5S4c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days — $4 84
Sterling Exchange, sight — (88
Sterling Cables — 4 89
. New York Exchange, sight — 12
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Mexican Dollars 48 48%
Fine Silver, per ounce — 67% :
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Futures were firmer In sympathy
with Chicago, but the spot market was un- j
1 changed, there being very little demand, either
on shipping or milling account.
Chicago was firmer on steady cables, the \
strength In Corn and small offerings. The I
crowd was short and bearish, however, . and
the rally war not expected to hold. The mar- i
ket lacked support, and the timid shorts were
I nil covered. Statistics were too bearish for
; an advance, though the 1.260,000 bushels in- !
] crease In the visible supply was less than ex
< pected. The world's shipments for the week ;
were 8,500,000 bushels. At the close there was
a better tone in all markets. Corn leading.
Spot Shipping, $1 07}4®l 08*; milling. |
$1 10©l 124.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— ctls,
$1 164.
Second Session— No sale?.
Regular Morning Session— May — 4000 ctls,
$117%; 10.000. $1174; 2000, $117%; 4000, $1 17*4. ,
December— l2,ooo, $111U: 28,000, $111%; 10,000, ;
$1 114.
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls,'
Jl IH4 ; 8000, $1 11%.
BARLEY— The market Is firm here, but still
more so in the country, where prices above this
i market are being paid— as high as 95c for choice
feed, according to some reports. The shipping
demand Is excellent, and apparently limitless,
all sorts of grades being bought for export.
Futures made a marked advance.
Fe«>d, - 990 c; Brewing and shipping grades,
92V4C511; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — o'clock— No sales.
Second Session December— ctls, SS^c;
2000, 88 >■ ■ 2000, S9>4c; 2COO, •'■'"•»'"■
Regular Morning Session — December — 1
i ctls, : v: 2000, S9»ic: 2000, ■ >%C.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— Although the demand Is nothing extra 1
the feeling Is very strong and quotations have
again been advanced. Offerings are not large.
1 White, $1074*51274; Red. $1 074@l 17%; Gray,
$1 -.7 '• - ■-/ 1 17%; Black, 974c@$l 074.
CORN— Eastern Large Yellow, $105@1074;
White $1 '•'■ •■■ 1 074: mixed. $1 024@l 05 per ctl.
RYE— '.'scfysl per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstiiffs.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60@3 75.
usual terms; bakers" extras, $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $3 401(3 50 per barrel lor c»
tra, $3 205j3 40 for bakers, and $2 20©3 for su
periine.
MILLSTTTFFP— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 20 ptr 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal. $2 50; ex
tra Cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal. $4 25,
Oat Groats, $4 50; Hominy. $3 25® 3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $4©4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75:
Farina, ti 60; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels). $t -..ijO 45; in sacks, $5 85@(i 25;
Pearl Barley, $0; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peaß,
$5 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
Of the 14R6 tons of Hay that came In yester
day the major part was badly damaged by the
rain, showing th<> immense Injury which must
have been thus caused throughout the State.
This damaged Hay is pretty poor stuff, being
steaming and often rotten, and of course sells
below the quotations. Choice dry Hay is firm
ftt the advance noted at the close of last week.
There Is no change in Feedstuffs, except an
advance in Rolled Barley.
BRAN $17 :■' .1 18 1■ r ton.
MIDDLTNOH .«i'< ..■.■!■ B0 per ton.
BTEEDSTUFFS Rolled Barley, SlB 50<?19 per
ton; "i! Cake Meal at the mill, $26'«27; Jobbing,
?: 7 BO@2S; v'ocoanut Cake. $20@21 ; Cornmeal,
i 823 50024 60; Cracked corn. $24-325: Mixed Feed,
$16 50^17; Cottonseed Meal, $28 per ton.
H vy -Wheat. $S@9 for common to good and
$9 'J.V..KI for choice; Wheat and Oat, $7 B0@9;
i O;it. ?r. SOSSS B0; Parley. $5©7; Island Barley, $5
'• ([id; Alfalfa, j: '. 7 per ton; Compressed, $7@9 per
I ton.
STRAW— 3O(fi 40c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
P.^ans continue firm and In good demand at
the high prlo-s.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 30«i2 40; small white, $2 70
@2 SO: large White, $2 20i}r2 30; Pinks, 12 20®
I 30; Reds, $3 60@8 75; Blackeye. $3 75@4; But
ters, $3; Lima, (4 80®4 90; Pea, $2 7092 SO; Red
Kidneys. $2 50fj2 60 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. 3@34c; Yellow
Mustard, 4'.;l ! L .c; Flax, .nominal; Canary,
34c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 24@3c; Hemp, 4@4<*.c;
Timothy, 4!f?44c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 35-31 50; Green, $1 75
Ql 85 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onio)is and Vegetables.
The arrival from Merced of nlnp cars of
Sweets weakened the market for this descrip
tion. There wrre few other changes in any
thing. Tomatoes continued In excessive sup
ply and slow.
POTATOES— River Reds. 60f?70c, Early Rose.
4O0FOc; liurbanks. 60<g75c per ctl; Salinas Bur
l.ar;ks, '.•■■.; SI 10 Oregon Burbanks. 70OgSc:
Sweet Potatoes, 75c for Rivers and $I@l 15 for
Merced.
I 'NH INS 55@65c per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas. 304 c per lb;
String Beans, 3^4c; Lima Beans, I
Cabbage, 40®50c; Tomatoes, lOfiSOc: Kgg Plant.
( , Dried Okra. 12^c per lb; Garlic, 103 a;
Green Peppers. 4O'i/«0e per box: Carrots. 30©
4<V per sack; Cucumbers. 4'TaT'Oc; Pumm^r
Squash, 50® 60c; Marrowfat Squash. $B@lo per
ton.
Poultry and Game.
Eight cars of Eastern have arrived since
Sunday morning. These are the largest re- j
ceipts in the history of the trade rfrid make ,
the outlook for prices this week poor indeed.
The best quotations for this Eastern stock are
$6 for Hens, $4 50 for young Roosters, $3 for
Broilers and $3"53 50.f0r Fryers.
Game is quiet and featureless at about the
same prices. Considerable stock came in out
of condition.
POULTRY— Live ■ Turkeys, 13@15c for Gob
blers and 13@15c for Hens; Young Turkeys, 15@
17c; Geese, per pair, $1 75@2 25; Goslings, $175
(■i2 25: Mucks. Jvn4 ■■<(< Cor old and $4 60®fi fir
young; Hens, $4 BO@S 50; Young Roosters, $4((?5;
Old Roosters, $4 50-55; Fryers, $3 25Q3 50; Broil
ers, $3 2ft«i3 r,n Mr Inrp.-. J3«x; % iS> tor mall:
Pigeons. $1 25@1 50 per dozen for old and $1 75
rft'l for Squabs.
GAME— Quail $1 60@l 75; Mallard $6@«: Can
vasback. — ; Sprig, $2 50@4; Teal, $2 50@4;
Widgeon. $1 75Ca3; Smnll Duck. $15001 75;
Doves, 75c per dozen: Hare. $1 50: Rabbits.
$1 50 for Cottontails and $1 50 for Small: Gray
Geese, S3<f?3 50; White, $1(^1 23; Brant. $1 500
2 25; English Snipe, $2 50 per dozen; Jack
| Snipe. $1 25@1 50.
/ Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The non-arrival of one steamer and weather
delays to others up north keep supplies of But
ter from accumulating, and the market Is
steady In consequence. Dealers say, however,
that when the northern steamers do get In the
market will probably weaken off.
*Eggs and Cheese are steady at the quota
tions, with not much demand.
;*LTTKK—
Creamery — Fancy Creamery, 30@31c; seconds.
28® 29c.
Dairy— Fancy, 26:527 c; good to choice, 24@25c:
store, nominal.
Pickled roll. 22<g'24c: firkin, 21'3'22Hc; cream
ery tub. 22M.fg24c.
Eastern. 17'-<.c for ladle packed.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, ll'^c; old, lO'^@
lie; Young America, 11 He; Eastern, 14@loc.
EGGS— Quoted at 251g'32%e for store and 38®
42>4c per dozen for ranch; Eastern. 2S©3oc for
selected, 25@27%c for No. 1 and 20@22Hc for
seconds; Oregon, 22%@24c per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Peaches 'and Plums are no longer worth
quoting, and Figs might as well be dropped
out, as the rains have well-night spoiled the
few left.
Grapes, both wine and table, stand about the
i same. The wine Grapes are coming in wet and
| dirty since the rain.
The wet weather has cut down receipts of
| Berries materially and but few are coming in
i now.
Lemons and Limes are about the same.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples. 35*31850 per box for common: 75c@$l
for good to choice and $1 25<gl 50 for fancy.
BERRlES— Blackberries, per chest:
Strawberries, per chest for small and $4©
5 for large berries: Raspberries, $7 per
chest; Huckleberries, . .fi7c per lb; Wisconsin
Cranberries, $6 50<3>7 60 per bbl; Cape Cod Cran
berries. $7 50® 7 75; Coos Bay Cranberries, $6 50
per barrel ana $2<K2 25 per box.
Grapes, 20@40c for Black, 30@40c for Muscat,
30<ff40c for Tokay, 40®50c for Cornlchon: crates
Bell 10@15c higher: "Wine Grapes, $23@26 per ton
for Zlnfaldel. $20023 for other black and JICSIS
for White.
Cantaloupes, 25@75c per crate; Nutmegs, 23@
50c per box.
Pomegranates, 75c<g$l per box.
Winter Pears, 35c@$l 25 per box.
Quinces. r 1 "'. 1 ":" ■■■ Per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Lemons, $1 50^2 50 for
, common, and $3^4 for good to choice: Mexican
; Limes. $4<54 50; California Limes, 75c@$l; Ban
anas, $1 50@2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $I©2 50
per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
There Is nothing new to report.
DRIED FRUITS-Prunes, In sacks, 4%0 for
I 40-rO'b, 4V4c for 50-60's. 3%c for 60-70's, 3Vic for
I ro-80's. 2%c for SO-90's and 2%@2%c for 90-100s;
Apricots, 11013 c for Royals, 12H@16c for
Moorparks and 12@14c for Blenheims: Peaches,
5%@6c for Standards, 6V4@7c for choice and 7' 2
I feSc for fancy; peeled Peaches, ll@13c; Evapo
rated Apples. .''!7 < c; Sun-dried. 4%#5c per lb-
Nectarines. 7%'SSc per lb for red and B@9c for
i white; Pears. 6Vj®Sc for quarters- and SglOe for
I halves: Black Fi^s, 3@4c; White Figs, 6@6%c;
Plums, 6@6%c for pitted and lVtfi2^c for un
rltted.
; RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— per
I lb 10c: choice. 9c; standard, So: prime, 6c: un
j bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, B%c: choice. 7^c; standard. 6V4c;
prime, 6c; unbleached Sultanas, sc; Seedless
1 50-lb boxes, sc; 2-crown loose Muscatels. o^c;
i 3-crown 6Vic; 4-crown. 7c; London Layers, 2
u-own . $150 per box; 3-crown. $160. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 12%®15c; Walnuts. 7V2@S«4c
'. for standards, and 7}»!39c for softsheli; Al
monds, 10VsQ12Vic Cor paper-shell, 9@loc for soft
and 4®sc for hard shell; Peanuts, s\W6%c for
Eastern, and 5c for California; Brazil Xuts 6V,
. @9c; Filberts, US.ll%c; Pecans, «&<§Sc; Cocoa
! nuts. $4 50@5.
; HONEY— Comb, HHc for bright and 10'4c for
light amber; water white extracted, 7Vi@7%c
-I'ght amber extracted, 6&<g7c; dark, s^c per
lb
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9c per lb for heavy,
SVi'S'lOc for light medium, ll%c for light. 13c for
extra light and 13Vsc for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 14c; California Hams, 13^c-
Mess Beef. $11 per bbl; extra Mess, $12 50; Fam
ily, $14; extra Prime Pork, $12 50; extra clear,
$16 50; mess, $15@15 50; Smoked Beef, 12c per lb
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6@6%c per lb for
compound and 7%c for pure; half barrels, pure
Sc- 10-lb tins. B%c; 5-lb tins. 9c
COTTOLENE— B 'S7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow/, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted ■
steers, ll@ll%c; medium. 10^c; light, 10c; Cow
hides. 9V4®loc: Slags. Co: Salted Kip. i*c; Calf.
10c; Dry Hides, sound, 17c; culls and brands.
13c; Dry Kip and Veal. 16c; Dry Calf. 17@18c;
Sheepskins, yearlings, 20ig30c each; short
Wool. 35(g60c each: medium. 70@90c: long Wool.
90c(55l 10 each: Horse Hides, salt, J2#3 for
large and $1 25®1 50 for small; Colts. 25@50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered,, s@sV4c per lb; No.
2, 4@4Vic; refined, ; grease, 3c.
WOOL— Spring Clips— Oregon 17<£TlSc;
Eastern Oregon, 12@14c for choice and 9<&llV4c
for fair to good.
Fall Clip— San Joaquin Lambs. 8@10c; do
plains. 7@Bc; San Joaquin and Southern Moun
tain. 7%<jpc; Northern free, 10@12c; do, defect
ive, ' ''■■■ 1 1' I per lb.
HOPS— 9OJi2c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF— 7@7V4c per lb for Steers and 6Vi®7o
for Cows.
VEAL— per Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%@Bc: Ewes. 7@7%c
per lb.
LAMB— Spring. B@B%c per lb.
PORK— Live Hops, 5V4®5%c for small. 5%c for
medium and s l ,i@i%c for large; stock Hogs and
Feeders, s^i@sV4c; dressed Hogs. 7@S}jc.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7@7Uc; Wool,
Bags, 2S(g3oc; Fruit Bags, 6c;. SUe and fi^c for
the three grades of white and 7'4c for
bleached jute.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. $8; Southfield Wellington, $7 50; Se
attle. $6; Bryant. $6; Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend.
$7 50; Scotch. $S; Cumberland. $9 50 In bulk and
$10 75 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$12; Cannel. $8 per ton; Hock Springs and
Castle Gate. $9 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk
and $14 In sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-16 bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5%c: Pow
dered, b%c: Candy Granulated. sc; Dry Granu
lated. V,*c; Confectioners' A, 4Tfce: California
A,— ; Magnolia A, 4Uc; Extra C. 4%c; Golden
C. 4'/4c: barrels. 1-lfie more: half barrels. V^c
more; boxes, '^c more: 50-lb bags, %c more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent. Dominoes, half-barrels, 5%c; boxes,
57ic per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY, OCTOBER 23.
Flour, qr sks 16,088 Sugar, ska 900
Wheat, ctls 1.370 : Sugar, bbls • 1,820
Barley, ctls B.77s; Quicksilver, flska no
Oats, ctls 3. 57(>; leather, rolls IM
Corn, ctls 67i};Hrandy, sals 5,000
Rye, ctls AVine, gala 49,250
Cheese, ctls 46|EgKs, doz 3,330
Butter, ctls 106 Raisins, bxs 3,100 i
Tallow, ctls 220 Hides, No 455 '
Beans, sks 1/270. Pelts, b<lls I*2
Potatoes, sks 6,058 Mine, bb15..:..... 530
Onions, sks 520 Wool, baps 724
Bran, sks 63". Hops, bales x
Middlings, sks.... 466 1 Hay, tons. 1 456
Shorts, sks 28 1
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks..'... 14. H0G Bran, sks 2 203
Oats, ctls 2.",0 Shorts, sks 'sni
Potatoes, sks . 373
THE STOCK MARKET
There was a good business In securities on
the Bond Exchange, though the only fluctua
tion worthy of remark was an advance in
Contra Co6ta Water to $69. Bank of California
sold up to $400M>.
In the afternoon Bank of California ad
vanced to MQ*tt and liana Plantation to $13U
Oceanic Steamship sold at $86 3 i.
The Alta Mining Company has levied an
assessment of sc.
The Producers' Oil Exchange opened for
business with sales of 91ft shares on the morn-
Ing call, the highest price bein* $45 for E*lue
DOOM. Parkfield and cholame Valley each sold
at $20, and Rt. Lawrence at $13
The Champion Mining Company of Nevada
County has declared a dividend nf 25 cents per
share, amounting to $8000, on the 32,000 snares
of capital stuck.
The April Fool mine of Nevada paid a divi
dend of $5000 on the 20th. —*::".
The Grass Valley Exploration Company paid
a dividend of $7500 on the 20th.
The Parrot mine of Montana paid a divi
dend of $1 50 per share on the 11th.
The American Smelting and Refining Com
pany will pay a dividend of $1 50 per share
on November 1.
The Deer Trail No. 2 < mine of Washington
will pay a dividend of $2500 on the 25th. ..-•
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, Oct. 23—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I 'Hi Aak.
V S Bonds— Mutual El Co. 14>,i —
Is quar coup.. — — OG L & H.... 48 49%
Is quar reg.... — — Fau v»a» Imp.. — 05
Is uuac new... — 13U4|F"'nr Mprht Co. <"!"•. -
3s quar coup.. — >OSX S F G & E.... «H> <il\
Miscellaneous — San Fran — Z~&
Cal-st Hah ."s..ii 7 - Stockton Gas.. 12 —
C C "Wat .107 107% Insurance-
Ed L & 1' 65.1W1 - Firem's Fund. —
F&CI Ry 115 — ! Bank Stocks—
Geary-st R ss. - 95 Amrlo-Cal ..... <"' —
HC & S 2 s. 106 - ißank of Ca1... 401 —
L A Ry 5«....100V4 — Cal S D & T.. 96 100
L A LCo 65.. SJ — jKirst National — -'■!"•
Do gntd 03. 90 — Lon P & A.... — IS3
Do gntd 5a.. — — Mer Exchange— if
1, A & P R 58.10314 — INev Nat Bk...iSl%l!iQ
Market-tit 65.. — 130 ! Savings Banks—
Do Ist M 55..116 — ! Ger S & L...1700 1750
N C N G R 75. 112 .— Hum > & L..1050 116)
NR of Cal 65. 11 l•— put Say Bk. 39 42%
\ R of Cal 5c.112% — F Say U... 500 —
NT'c II R (is. lo", PS a y & L So.. — S2yi
N PC R It a 5.107 10$ gee Say Bk.. — 310
N cal it it ji.IU - Union T C 0.1400 1440
(i (i I, & H ss. — 11 ' Street Railroads—
i Oak Tran 65. .111 111 % California I*l —
Om C Ry 6b.. 125 128 Rears ... SO -
P&CI Ry 65.. 107 — Market-st 61% 62,*
Pk &O Ry 6s. 115 - Oak SL& H. - -
Powell-st R 6s — 122 Presidio 25 oO
Sac El G&R5s. - — | Powder—
S V & N P .-.8.114% — California 155 270
SF & S JV35.1U%115% E Dynamite... SS 'i»
i S Rv of Cal 65.105%110 .Giant Con Co. 82% 82?,
S P"of A 65.... - 113% Vtgorit 2% 2%
S P C 6s(130;). — — I Sugar—
S P C 65f1906).11l — lHana P C 0.... 13 —
S P C 65(1912). — ll'^Haw C & S Co 95% —
SPCIB eg 55104 — Honokaa S Co. 34% 3d
j SPBr 6s 122 123 Hutch S P Co. 19% —
•S V Wat 65.... 113%114 " Kllauea S Co.. 25 30
S V Wat 45. ...103^104 Makaweli S Co 49 49%
8 V W45(3dm)101%101% ! Onomea S Co.. 3S 39
Stktn Gas 65.. — — Paauhau S Co. Sa% 36
Water Stocks— I Miscellaneous -
Contra Costa.. 69 69% :Al Pac Assn. .llß 118%
Marin Coun'y. 60 — M*>r Ex Assn.. - »<«
Spring Valley.lol — Oceanic S Co.. 86% 87
Gas and Electric— Pac A F A.... '?* —
Cent Gas Co.. — - Pac C Bor C 0.145. 145 —
r»nt i, S- P... r% - Par Paint Co. &V, —
Eqult G L Co. s\i, 5%
Morning Session.
Board — '.lL _„
3 Bank of California *™> 50
MB Contra Costa Water 69 00
$1000 Contra Costa Water Bonds 107 25
105 Hana Plantation Co 12 62%
250 Hana Plantation Co 12 <•>
r>o Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar — 96 00
200 Honokaa 34 75
20 Market Street Railway 62 00
$7000 Market St Ry Ist Con 5 per cent.... lib 00
30 Paauhau S P Co 5? 42,;
60 S F Gas & Electric Co 61 3.%
$3000 S F & S J V Bonds 115 50
26 ? F Gaslight 3 50
10 S V Water l r 'l 2o
Street—
$1000 S P Branch Ry 6s 122 50
150 Equitable Gas 5 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
Bank of California 402 50
30 Contra Costa Water 69 00
100 Equitable Gas 5 37%
50 Hana Plantation Co 13 12%
100 Konokaa S Co 3175
15 Hutehinson S P Co 29 25
1 Market Street Railway 62 50
15 Oceanic B S Co 86 75
J IOOOO S F A S J V Bonds 115 50
$4001 S F & N P Ry Bonds 114 50
$10000 S P of C 6s (1912) 113 50
15 S V Water 10125
Street—
40 Alaska Packers' Association 118 25
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
60 Contra Costa Water 6S 50
20 Contra Costa Water 68 37%
75 Contra Costa Water 68 25
20 Hutchinson Sugar 23 12%
25 Oakland Gas 49 00
$2000 Market St Ry Bs 5s 116 00
30 S V Water 10125
150 Vigorit Pcwder 2 87%
Afternoon Session.
50 Equitable Gas 4 57%
10 Hawaiian Commercial 95 75
50 Honokaau Sugar Co 34 SO
50 Paauhau Sugar Co 35 62%
40 S r Gas & E'.ectric 61 50
$2000 Market St Ry Bs 5s 116 00
40 Market St Ry 62 12%
THE CALIFORNIA OIL. EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
200 Tidal Wave 2 70
100 Tidal Wave 2 60
100 San .loaquln O & D Co 1 05
100 Kings County Oil Co 2 00
350 Barker Ranch Oil Co 1 00
200 lentury Oil Co 55
Informal Session.
400 Tidal Wave 2 70
150 Caribou 90
100 Northfleld 75
PRODUCERS' OIL, EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
20 Blue Goose 45 CO
10 Cholame Valley 2u 00
10 Parkfleld 20 00
400 Pennsylvania Consolidated 100
270 San Luis _ 5 00
200 Shamrock " 2 50
Informal Session.
5 St Lawrence 13 00
Afternoon Session.
100 San Luis 5 00
10 Blue Goose 44 00
10 Cholame Valley 20 00
1 Home OH 4; 00
10 Parktield 20 00
2iiO Pennsylvania Consolidated 1 00
150 San Luis , 5 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Belcher 3S, 100 Hale & Norcrs. 34
1300 Belcher 31' $00 Hale & Norcrs. 33
100 Best & Belcher. 50 200 Overman IS
150 Caledonia 59 200 Potosi .'.'."" 42
1"' Challenge 24 500 Savage " 20
160 Con Cal & Va..l 70 500 Sierra Nevada! 68
100 Confidence 67, 300 Union Con 32
200 Gould & Curry. 33
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes 09 1 100 Mexican 25
100 Belcher 32 200 Ophir ........... 77
100 Belcher 31 j 500 Overman ....'." 18
300 Best & Belcher. 51; 300 Overman .. ' 17
290 Best & Belcher. 50 200 Savage ......' 20
200 Caledonia ">!' 500 Seg Belcher 02
500 Chollar 30 100 Sierra Nevada! 57
150 Con Cal & Va..l 70; 100 Sierra Nevada 58
300 Crown Point... 13 100 Union Con. .. 33
100 Gould & Curry. 33 100 Union Con , 32
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday.
Morning Session.
800 Belcher 13 500 Justice .... 01
400 Best & Belcher. 60 200 Mexican . "" 25
200 Best & Belcher. 53! 500 Mexican " ■>«
800 Bullion o<. 400 Ophlr .. to
200 ■ hollar 3.>| 200 Ophlr ... " ' SO
350 Con Cal & V.I 67%) 200 Overman IS
900 Con Cal & V...1 70 700 Seg Belcher.".'.".'! 03
700 Con Cal A V.I 72%! 300 Sierra Nevada. 57
800 Crown Point... 13 i 200 Sierra Nevada 58
500 Gould & Curry- 32; 300 Union Con ', 34
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 33 1 100 Con Cal & V 1 72%
300 Belcher 31 200 Crown Point' 1!
100 Belcher 321 200 Gould & Curry' 33
200 Best & Belcher. 50 j 200 Mexican 20
200 Chollar 31 350 Potosi . *' 41
250 Con Cal & V...1 70 ' 50 Union Con!!!!!'. 32
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. October 23—4 p m V
' - Bid.Ask. 1 Bid. Ask
Alpha 02 06 KTntuck ... — 03
Alta 03 04 Lady Wash . 01 02
Andes 08 10 Mexican 24 '-6
Belcher 31 32 Occidental 16 —
Best & Belcher. 49 51 Ophir ... 77 78
Bullion 03 09 ! Overman ...'.'.'.'. 17 is
Caledonia 58 CO, Potosi 41 42
Chollar 30 31 Savage 19 20
Challenge Con.. 23 25 Scorpion 02 —
Confidence — 73 Seg Belcher.... — 03
Con Cal & v.a..l 65 170 Sierra Nevada. 57 Si
Con Imperial... — 01 Silver Hill — 03
Crown Point... 12 14 Standard —2 95
Exchequer — 02 St Louis — 06
Gould & Curry. 33 34 Syndicate — 06
Hale & Norcrs. 33 34 Union Con 32 33
Julia — 03 Utah 09 10
Justice 03 04 Yellow Jacket.. 22 24
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights nf High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
' NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
TUESDAY, OCTOBER 24.
Sun rises. ." 6:27
Sun sets 5:19
Moon rises 10:03 p. m.
O ITimel |TIme| Timet Time '
a j j Ft. j j Ft. 1 Ft. Ft.
9 H W ,L W H W L W
24 ... 4:34 1.4 8:50 3.2 2:50 5.0 10:04 ~0~">
25 ... 5:30 4.5 10:12 3.2 3:52 4.8! 10:59 OS
26 ... 6:25 4.8 11:31 3.1 5:081 4.2 11*49 n'»
27 ... <:10 4.9! 12:50 2.8 6:20 4.0 ..
L W |H W L WI IH'wi
28... 0:34 1.2 7:43 5.0 1:44! 2.3 7:29 4 I)
29 ... 1:221 1.41 8:151 5.21 2:25 1.8 8:29! 40
30 ... 2:00 1.9 8:45 5.3 3:02 1.4 9:21 4..
L NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
AUCTION SALES
REGULAR WEEKLY AUCTION SALE!
AT ORMONDE^ALE^STABLES.
Between Eleventh am! Twelfth, San Francisco.
THIS DAY.
TUESDAY, AT 11 O'CLOCK,
Of All Classes of Horses direct from the coun-
try We will be pleased to show the above
Stick in Harness any time up to day of sale.
as we handle nothing but Broke Horses.
Persons having use for any kind of Horses
will find it to their best interests to attend
these sales, as we will positively sell to highest
bidder without limit or reserve.
S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
£7 N. B -Sales of Horses direct from the
count ry every Tue°day at 11 a m.
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the flay, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given a--e in addition to the soundings on the
United Starts Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign {— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I From. I Due.
Fulton Portland IOct. 24
Umatilla Victoria & Puget SoundjOct. 24
! Robt. Adamson Nanaimo Oct. 24
, Empire Coos Bay Oct. 24
j Washtenaw .... Tacoma Oct. 24
! Newbury Grays Harbor Oct. 24
Crescent City... Crescent City Oct. 24
> South Portland. ITacoma Oct. 24
Orizaba Newport Oct. 25
Willamette Seattle Oct. 23
Alliance Portland Oct. 25
Mackinaw Tacoma Oct. 25
Point Arena IPoint Arena Oct. 26
Aberdeen 'Portland Oct. 26
Miami Seattle Oct. 28
Columbia (Portland Oct. 27
Santa Rosa San Diego Oct. 27
Wellington [Departure Bay Oct. 27
Wecott Humboldt .Oct. 27
Bertha St. Michael Oct. 28
Curacao Mexico Oct. 28
Portland St Michael Oct. 28
Samoa (Humboldt Oct. 2S
Cocs Bay 'Newport Oct. 29
Pomona Humboldt 'Oct. 29
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound, Oct. 23
Progreso Seattle -. Oct. 29
Acapulco [Panama Oct. 30
Flintshire 'Yokohama Oct. 30
Areata Coos Bay Oct. 30
China China and Japan Oct. 30
Corona San Diego Oct. 31
Homer St. Michael Nov. 1
TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Gaelic ]China_- Japan IOct. 24. 1 pm PMSS
Corona (San Diego Oct. 25, 11 am Pier 11
State of CallPortland Oct. 25, 10 am j Pier 24
Alliance ....[Oregon Ports. Oct. 25, 10 am Pier 20
Areata JCoos Bay Oct. 25, 10 am Pier 13
Luella |Humboldt Oct. 25, 10 am Pier 2
Samoa [Humboldt Oct. 25, 10 am Pier 2
Newburg ...jGrays Harbor Oct. 26, 5 pml
I Pomona [Humboldt Oct. 26, 2 pm Pier 9
Orizaba .... Newport Oct. 27, 9 am Pier 11
Peru ....' Panama.. Oct. 28, 12 mi PMSS
j Umatilla ... Vic & Pgt Sd. Oct. 28, 10 am Pier 9
[ Point Arena Point Arena.. Oct. 28, 2 pm Pier 2
Weeott Humboldt Oct. 28, 2 pm Pier 13
Santa Rosa. San Diego Oct. 29, 11 am Pier 11
Columbia ... Portland Oct. 80, 10 am Pier 24
Coos Bay Newport Oct. 31, SamPier 11
H'k'g Maru. China &Japan Nov. 1, 1 pmlPMSS
M' ana Sydney Nov. 1, 2 Pier 7
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, CaJ.,
October 23, 1899.
The time bail on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c.. at noon of th" 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., in charge.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Monday. October M.
Stmr Navarro, Higgins, 11 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Stmr George Ivoomis. Bridgett, 33 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Scotia. Jacobs. 20 hours from Rockport.
Stmr Greenwood, Faeerlund. IS hours from
Whitesboro.
Stmr "Weentt. Burtis, 27 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Corona, Debney. 62 hours from San
Dieso. etc.
Stmr Xoyo, Johnson, 16 hours from Fort
Bargg.
Stmr Willamette, Hansen, S7 hours from
Seattle.
Stmr Arcata. Reed, 46 hours from Coos Bay.
Stmr Newsboy, Fosen. hours from Tilla
mook, via Usal 21 hours.
Stmr Luella, M'.ller, S days from Tlllamook,
via Coos Bay 4* h ur?.
Stmr Ruth, Lumlquist. 4S hours from Coos
Bay: hound fnuth; put in to land passengers.
Br stmr Bristol, Mdntyre, 4 days from De
parture Bay.
Br stmr Panthan, Butler, 26 days from Syd
ney.
Ger warship Geier. Jacobson, 4 days from
Vancouver.
Ship Louise J Kenny, Everson, days from
Arctic Ocean, via St Michael 31 days, via
I'nemak Pass IS days.
Ship Alex Gibson, Holmes, 141 days from
Baltimore.
Haw ship Falls of Clyde, Matson, 19>4 days
from Hi!o.
Br ship Helensburgh, Jefferson, 70 days from
Newcastle, NSW
Bi ship Lord Cairns, Davies. 131 days from
Swansea.
Park Martha Davis, McAlmon. 24 days from
Honolulu.
Haw hark Diamond Head, Ward, 23 days
from Honolulu.
Haw bark Andrew Welch, Drew, 25 days
from Honolulu.
Bktn W H Dimond, Nilson, IS days from
H innlulu.
Schr Seven Sisters, Rasmussen, 9 days from
Hay.
Schr Jennie Griffin, Martin, 40 days from San
Diego.
Schr Lulsa D, Green, 27 days from Cape
Nome.
Schr J Eppinger, Colstrup, 5 days from Stew
arts Point.
CLEARED.
Monday, October 23.
Etmr Walla Walla. Hall. Victoria and Port
Tounsend: Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Sohr Gen Banning, Thomas, Mazatlan; Wm
Olsen.
SAILED.
Monday. October 23.
Stmr Coos Bay, Kielow, San Pedro.
Stmr 'Walla Walla, Hall, Victoria.
Stmr Del Norte, All^n, Crescent City.
Stmr Rival. Johnson. I'sal.
Stmr Ruth. Luniiquist. .
Stmr Lauiina, Ericson, .
Schr Newark, Reck. .
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON', Oct 23— Br bark Lakemba, from
Antwerp for < >regon, anchored near Dutch
coast damaeed by collision.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Oct 23. 10 p m— Weather
clear; wind NW, velocity 20 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS
PORT ANGELKS-Arrived Oct 22-Shlp Wm
F Macey. hence Oct 12.
GRAYS HARBOR-Sailed Oct 22— Schr Co
lumbia, for Honolulu; schr Ida Schnauer for
San Francisco.
Arrived Oct 22--Schr Ottillie Fjord, from San
Pedro: schr Enterprise, hence Sept 27
COOS BAT— Arrived Oct 22-Schr Monterev,
hence Oct 20. Oct 2?.- Schr Jennie Thelin hence
Sept 2n; schr Western Home, hence Oct li
PORT KADLOCK-Arrived Oct »-Schr Axa
lea, from San ivdro.
SALMON BAY-Arrlved Oct 23-Bark Vo
dette. from Redondo.
PORT LVULOW- Sailed Oct 22— Ba-k
gon, for Melbourne.
TILLAMOOK-Sailerf Oct 23-Schr Anna, for
San Pedro: schr Maggie C Russ for San I
SAN DIEGO-Arrlved Oct 23- US stm:
bleheaa, hence Oct 21
SAX PEDRO— Arrived Oct 21-Stmr Pan
Pedro, from Eureka. Oct 22— Stmr Sun. i
Eureka; ■stmr Sequoia, from Fort Braci;
Jen-.iie Stella, from Redondo, for repairs
Pi >RT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Oct '3-Hr s! >>
Clan Macnhersnn. fur .
El'REKA— Arrived Oct 22— Schr S; •
h?nce Oct 19; schr Jessie Minor, from
lulu: schr Bertha Dolbeer. from San Pies' 1
23— Stmr Alliance, m.m Astoria: BChr
mento, hence Oct 13; schr Halcyon, from
port.
Sailed Oct 22— Stmr South Coast, for San
Francisco: schr Chas E Falk for San
Cisco. Oct 21— Stmr Pasadena, for Pan P(
PORT TOWNBEND— Arrived Oct -
Albert NJeyer. hence Oct 12: Hr ship Ben
from Santa Rosalia; schr Ethel Zone,
Santa Barbara, for Port Qau
In bay Oct 23— Chi! ship Hlndostan, from l s u; "
que. for Puuet Sound.
PORT GAM HLK— Sailed Oct JS—Schr
for San Franclscci: bark Hi
GREENWOOD— Sailed Oct 23 Stmr »
for .
TACOMA— Arrived Oct 23— Ship JabM B
hence Oct 12
NEWPORT (S)- Arrived Oct 23-P.-tir " a "
wora. from Port Halkeley. . , „,,
ASTORlA— Arrived Oct 23-Br ship L
Bros, from San Diego. _ . irv
Sailer] Oct 23-Br ship Drumburton; Br ?f!P
Bermuda, for Queenstown.
Continued on Page Thirteen.SUPERVISORS
PROVIDE FOR
BOND ELECTION
The Call Will Be Made
in Three Weeks.
HOSPITAL MATTERS PUT OVER
♦
PLANS DISCUSSED BUT NONE
SELECTED.
Coffey & Martens and Shea & Shea
the Closest Competitors — Jury
Reports in Favor of the
Former.
About everything: of importance which
came before the Board of Supervisors
yesterday was put over for a week; the |
caning of the bond flection was postponed
three weeks; meanwhile the necessary
declaration of intention will he duly ad- i
vertised for :he two weeks provided for ;
by law. The declarations which were
adopted yesterday provided that the cost j
of. the improvements proposed was too
great to be paid for out of the ordinary
income of the city government. The im
provements proposed were as follows: I
That tho panhandle of the park be ex
tended easterly as far as Van Ness ave
jiue; that Golden Gate Park be extended
northerly between Thirteenth and Four- j
teenth avenues, to connect with thy Pre
sidio reservation; that funds be provided ,
lor the Mission park, blocks 86 and S7; j
that a general sewer system be provided j
tor; also a new City and County Hospital;
Hint $WW,<X)Q be set aside for the erection
<if new school houses and SIiXV.H) for the
r< pairing of old ones. AH of the deolara- j
li'.n.s wore unanimously adopted and
Mayor Phelan announced that it would be i
three weeks before the formal election j
call could be made, us two weeks would j
be required to legally advertise the an- j
tiouneements. The park election will be i
held December 27: Ihe hospital and sewer |
:<eieetlon mi December 29.
The reports of the committee appointed
♦o pass upon the plans submitted for a
new City and County Hospital were
opened ami read. Dr. J. R. Lame and
William Watt Kerr reported in favor of |
the plans drawn by Martens & Coffey.
Dr. < '. N. EUinwood submitted a separate
report, but was In favor of the same
hiiects. He qualified his choice, how
<■'. <-r. by suggesting that one-half of the :
spital buildings be erected on the Alms
)i'iu-e grounds, the other on Rincon Hill.
]>r. KHinwood also spoke highly of the
plans ut" Havens & Toepke and Shea &
tSheo. The Supervisors are at a loss to I
between the plans of Shea & Shea !
and Martens it Coftey. Roth are excel
lent, but the committee reported in favor .
of the latter firm and it is likely that the
award will be given them. On motion of
Supervisor Holland the f election of the
uhs was referred to the Supervisors
sitting as a committee of the whole at
the lv^xt regular meeting.
Thd motion made by Supervisor Black I
to rescind the ord< r prohibiting the dis- I
play of banners «n the public streets was j
finally disposed of by indefinite postpone I
ment. At the last meeting Black moved I
to amend the original order by providing I
that banners might be strung on any j
s-treet excepting Market and Kearny
str.-vis. Holland moved to indefinitely !
postpone, but his motion was lost and ho i
leave notice of reconsideration. His notice '
wr 'f taken up yesterday and the vote !
unanimously reconsidered; the whole mat- !
ter went over to a future date and mean- j
while no banners may be displayed. The j
lighting contracts were barely mentioned ;
and u;>on suggestion of the "Mayor" went
' •••• -r ior another week.
PETITIONS RECEIVED.
The following petitions were received and re
ferr.^ to the Committee:
natrons & HoodJ asalr.st requesting the re
oval ol a sign whirh extends across the side
ws-.k at the southeast corner of Greenwich and :
J.>.-n streets; Merchant?" Association, appeal
ins to the board to BUBpend in its entirety the
ord*r prohibiting the suspension of campaign
banners nTus"? the public streets; Josenh T.
Poheim, for tho paving with bitumen of Locust I
ftr»<rt. between Clay mid Washington; Home j
Supply Company, for pormisHion to project two I
enow windows twelve Inches from the bullying !
line in front •if 2w r.n.l 210 Front street: Isadore
Uchtensteln, for permission to erect an<i main- j
tain an electric Ileht transoerency to project
from windows In front of premises at IS Grant
uvenue: Flinn <st Treacy. for an extension ut
pixty flays' time in which to complete their
private coiitrart for pavine, etc.. Thirteenth
street, between Valencia and Guerrero; A. Da
idson, for per:r.;s.sion to erect and maintain a
liost and clock sign on the outer etfffe of the :
fM-wlk In front of the premises at 120 Stock
t n street: f.'. H. Lili.-nthnl, for permission to
( iver with n ijlass pH>f 2« by 30 feet of the '
mml of the lot at ir,7» Market street.
PROTESTS RECEIVED.
The following protests were received and re- i
fwrr* tn !»:•■ Street Committee:
Remain C. Bloom, nsralnst permitting M. Me-
Carthy to sewt-r a part of Cuvler street hy pri
contract; John Riatow, against the pro- i
■'. w. rk of constructing artificial stone side- j
!k<, pto.. nn the northwesterly corner of :
y street and .San Kruno avenue; property i
iers, aeninst the onnßtructlon of artlflolal ;
sidewalks, on Central avenue between
Oak and Page streets; George L*wlston, against '
construction of artificial atone sidewalks, on •
Nlr.ih Rtreet. between Harrison ■•■:•. Ijryant;
i .-■!> owner*, acainet the paving of Wildey ;
avenue, bet *ei-ii Webster and Fillmore streets. ;
STREET WORK RECOMMENDED.
Th* Superintendent of Streets recommended i
that the following street work be done: ■
Paving with bitumen, roadway of Dolores, at •
the crossing pf T^*-ntleth. Twenty-llrst and :
liberty f>tr««t<'; granite curb, on Pierce street, !
between Vallejo and Green; same, on Pierce ;
rtr.t-t. between Or<-en and Union; granite oruba ;
arid culverts, cesspools, etc.^ on northeasterly
and Boutheasterly corners of the crossing iif
I'Jerce rind Green streets; artificial stone side- |
walks, on Faciflc ftreet, between Hyde and !
Larktn; jwu 1 , on westerly ::•■■• Leavenworth
street, befwe»n Greenwich a «1 Lombard; same, !
en north'-rly line of Clark street, between I
Drumm and Davis; same, on Paciflo avenue, be- ;
uveen Webster and Fillmore streets; same, on
northerly line of Fulton street, between I.ar
kin ami Polk; came, on easterly line of Polk i
street, between Fulton and McAllister: (trading
Nineteenth avenue, r^tween I. and M streetK, !
redwood curbs laid thereon and roadway and i
.siil>walk mai-aiumized: same, on Nlnteenth j
avenue, t^mem M and N, P and Q, Q and i
R and R aiid S streets.
RESOLUTIONS OF INTENTION.
iteF.^utions ot intention to order street work j
performed were adopted a* follows:
Granite curhs on \Vat-rtini<ton atl Mt, between
,l!more and Fteiner, roadway of sama to be
IKVP.I with bitumen; granite curbs at Inter
s.-rtlon of San Jop<- av<-nue. Twenty-eighth and ;
oiierrero streets, roadway of name to be paved
with bitumen; granite <-urb« on Kan Jose ave
nue, between Twenty-sixth and Army streets, !
roadway for sanse i.-.. m Twenty-sixth street for j
a distance of fj;6 southerly, to be paved with
Litumen: ;irtiflrUl stone Sidewalks on l^aKima
street; Detween Broadway an Vullejo street;
prarrtU curbs on Uasqnlc avenue, between Oak
an.l lags streets, roadway to be paved with
bitumen; t'rnnite curbH on Church street, be- ;
tween rwenty-nlnth and Uay streets, roadway !
to be paved with >.!tum<«n; eranlte curbs on ■
Jcs-!e str^t. between Thirteenth and Four- !
t.-enth. roadway to be paved with bitumen.
AWARD OF STREET WORK.
Resolutions were adapted awarding contracts
for the_perfprmance of street work as follows:
Fan ruuiK-isrr, paving Company, bitumen pav
ing and granite curbs, on Twenty-ninth street i
EXCITED AND TRIED TO
SQUARE CASE IN COURT
I /'"VAKLAND, Oct. 23-Charles Baker, the rancher of Seminary avenue,
1 1 who Is being miH by Si rah A. Haker for a divorce because of alleged
PXT| ' v, made a flnai effort In Judge Ogden's court to-day to
itlon, bat without avail. The case came up on motion
for counsel fee .-,•., an^ Bakr-r tried to get her to d^op tho proceed
ings and come and live with him a^aln, but it was useless. "I have stood
• tor twenty yr-ars," replied Mrs. Baker, "and I do not propose
1 to go bark. My husband got to drinking and squandering the money I
should have had to support my children with. He knocked me down and
cmc from my home. I will never return to him again." A week ago
: ad made ;i Similar though perhaps stronger declaration in court and
it was published in The Call ni the time, evidently at the displeasure of
to-day: "That Call newspaper story is all a lie
: The <'al! again. My wife must come and live
with 111 write a pledge In a Bible that I will not take a drink
Jui ' ordered that Baker pay his wife $30 attorney
■ ti.tj as the parties left the courtroom Baker seized his
wife by her arms and Insisted on discussing their troubles. Some display
of force was required to separate the excited man from his terrified wife.
between San Jose avenue and Dolores street,
paving 274 cents per square foot and curbing
•5 cents per lineal foot; Pacific Street Improve
ment Company, bitumen pavement on Zoe
place, from Folsom street to the southeasterly
I termination of Zoe place, at 21 cents per square
foot: J. J. Do-wllng, 14-inch sewer with three
manholes in Tllden street, between Castro and
a point in the center of Tllden street. 291 feet
westerly from Castro, to connect with sewer
I in Castro street, at $6 IS per lineal foot for
; fewer construction and $63 each for manholes
and covers; K. Donnelly, artificial stone side
j walks, at 26 cents per square foot, on the
I northerly side of Filbert street, from Roach
| alley to Jones street. '
RESOLUTIONS ORDERING.
A resolution was adopted ordering the per
formance of the following street work: Eight-
Inch sewer With two manholes and covers in
Worth Street, between Twenty-first and T wen
tj second streets, to connect with sower in
Twenty-second Rtreet.
PRIVATE CONTRACTS AUTHORIZED.
Resolutions were Tossed to print granting
permission for the performance of the follow
ing street work by private contract:
Pacific Paving Company, granite curbs ana
bitumen pavement on Buchanan Ftreet. be
tween Filbert and Greenwich streets; sari Fran
cisco Paving Company, gianite Cants an 1 basalt
block pavement on McAllister street, between
Centra] avenue and Masonic avenue.
WORK FTT.I.Y ACCEPTED. \
Resolutions of full acceptance of street work
were finally adopted as follows:
Front street, between Clay and Washington,
; bitumen pavement. , .
Th£ Superintendent of Streets recommended
, the full acceptance of the following street
work: . ,
Fillmore street, from Haight to Page, basalt
pavement, Flinn & Treacy. private contract;
Pulton street, north side, from Stanyan street
to First avenue, basalt block pavement, Flinn
& Treacy private contract; Pine street, cross
ing of iJKr.ir.a. bitumen pavement, Pacific Pav
ing Company: Alabama street, from Twenty- i
fourth to Twenty-fifth, bitumen pavement. City
Ptreet Improvement Company, private contract;
Potrero avenue, from Sixteenth to Seventeenth,
bitumen pavement. City Street Improvement
Company) private contract.
TIME EXTENSIONS RECOMMENDED.
i The Superintendent of Streets recommended
I thnt extensions of time on contructs for the per- <
formance of street work be granted as follows: '
M J Plres ninety days on contract to con
struct a sewer on Bennington street, crossing
Kllert; M. J. Plres. ninety days on contract to
construct a sewer In Bennington street, cross-
Ing Newman: J. F. Lorenz, ninety days on con
| tract to construct artificial stone sidewalks on
Scott street, between Hayes and Fulton.
MISCELLANEOUS MATTERS.
The Superintendent Of Streets was directed
I to recommend tha construction of an outlet to
the Arlington-street sewer, it Charles street;
also to notify property owners on Haight street,
between Fillmore and Stelner, to replace wood
en sidewalks with artificial stone sidewalks;
nlso to notify owners of property on Ninth
I stroet, between Harrison and Bryant, to lay
artificial stone sidewalks where necessary.
The protest against the construction of arti
ficial stone sidewalks cm Market street, be
tween Fifteenth and Sixteenth, and between
Noe and Sanchez, was overruled.
The hearing of the protest against the con- I
struction of a sewer, etc., In San Bruno ave
nue, between Marlposa and Eighteenth streets,
was set for next Monday afternoon at 3 o'clock.
An order was pasted to print granting to th'>
San Francisco and San Joaquln Valley Rail
road permission to construct tracks across Bry
ant street In the vicinity of Spear street.
PREACHERS OPPOSE
GOLDEN JUBILEE
Positive Action Taken
at San Jose.
Special TMspatch to The Call.
SAX JOSE. Oct. 23.— The Pastors' Union
and the Metbodist Preachers' Association
;.nd Mayor Martin have locked horns over
the Golden Jubilee celebration to be held
here, commencing December -'. and
da^ 's Joint meeting of the ministers' asso
ciations it was decided not to participate
in the celebration as ortanizatioiis. The
hers declined to have anything to do
with the celebration unless they knew be
uffuir and
were also given proportionate representa
tion on committee^.
.-• i ■. : ■ r Bh< rtrldge assured them that
Mayor Martin would eive them a ■
in the mai • of the event, but
when the committee waited upon him he
; ight to mak
an offer. The Mayor has stated the
granted to run the whole affair,
but this tht latter deny und denoun
■atlon as savoring of politics. Great
interest was centered in to-day's meet
ing.
The associations decided that the mln
as they pleased Individ
ually, but it is not likely more than one
no will take part, and the outcome
of the fight between the Mayor und the
churches will be eagerly watched.
D. B. FAKTOR SINGED.
The Well-Known Rifleman Severely
Burned by Gunpowder.
D. B. Faktor, the well-known rifleman.
met with an accident on Saturday that
will confine him to his house for several
days to come. He was the victim of an
explosion of gunpowder which came near
destroying his eyesight, besides burning
liis hands and face severely.
Mr. Faktor attended the public prize
rifle-shooting tournament of the S.
memo Helvetia Rifle Club, and carried a !
lot of powder in his satchel. On the wav
home some of the powder must
i.. en shaken out, for on Saturday he
found half a pound of the explosive
in the bottom. While preparlni
i.v at Shell Mound Park,
Faktor emptied the stuff into a p
which he ' arried to the edg^ of the side
walk on the corner of Stockton and
n'FarnMl streets. He poured the pO"»
into the gutter and the explosive must
have fallen upon the stump of a cigar
or cigarette, for there was .-i Hash and
the furl force of the flame struck Faktor
fairly in the faos, burning his hair, eye- .
brows and hands severely. For a time
thf physician feared for his eyesight, but
the danger point is now passed and tho
rifleman will be around in the course of
three or four days
Alcazar.
ihf xnree Musketeers" was ,i (irawini?
card at th« Alcazar last night, ntid it
drrw the applause and laughter of the
audience. Curtain calls were frequent for
Eugene Ormonde, the d'Artajsrnan of th*
east; Juliet Crosby, th<- Queen, and Ger
■ Foster, the lady villain and spy of
th<> Cardinal Richelieu. The play was
carefully staged and brilliantly dr
find Mr. Ormonde, in the leading role was
h pleasant surprise to his friends. Even
with the rollicking aggressiveness and
on Impetuosity of th>- younger Sal
vlni yet un faded in the memory of
r-poers. Mr. Ormonde made h sue-
T the rolf. Mr. Kins faithfully por
d the subtlety and the cruel craftl
nesa with which thf author painted tne
character of Richelieu, and s. emed to en
joy the detestation exhibited toward him
i>v the audi-
Chutes.
At the Chutes Theater last ni^ht A<ipie
sang "Who's Dat Said Chicken in Dlfl
Crowd" in h'-r caye ot lions, while a
pickßhlnny strolled jmst with a rooster in
his arms. The lions became ev«n more
excited than the audience. Major Mite
sang a coster poti-,', Iln^'h Bmrnett gave a
clever vantriloaula) performance and the
rest of the bill was good.
THE SAN f KAN CISCO CALL. TUESDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1899.
CONSPIRATORS
APPLAUDED BY
MUSIC LOVERS
Society Approves the
New Opera.
"MUSKETEERS" AT ALCAZAR
AIRS OF "LA BELLE HEI/EIiTE"
ARE CATCHY.
A Man of Many Love Affairs Has
Trouble at the California—Ex
cellent Bill at the Or
pheum.
It is seldom that San Francisco theater
h. . rs are regaled with real first-night per
formances, hence when such aai Important
does occur In the annals of local
theater history swelldom and clubdom
! turn out in full force and in full dress.
i for that matter, in order to lend luster
to the tout ensemble. Thus the Grand
Opera-house had all the appearance of a
gala night when H. J. Stewart's and Clay
ai. Greene's comic opera, "The Uonsplra
; tors," had its maiden production. There
; were curtain call 9 galore and encores In
plenty. The author was called before the
i curtain and a speech was insisted upon
which, as usual, contained a bunch of
thanks for everybody In general and the
piayers in particular.
Dr. Stewan struck a fortunate lead
when i;.- chose the light, merry vein of
composition. And, notwithstanding it i?
ear-tl(jkHng tendencies it is o£ very good
iiuality. 'J ne orchestration is very artis
tically worked out and shows the ability
of tht- composer In the direction of har
! mony. Thi action 1 consider the
duct between Juanlto (.soprano) and i>on
Filipo (bass), Bupported, or, rather, aug
i men ted, by a very impressive chorus ef
iVct behind the scenes. Another pretty
selection is a madrigal quintet. Equally
worthy of praise 1b the finale of the first
act, consisting of a catchy waltz song.
whose opening strains resemble somewhat
Gounod's "bluing Song," but which
does not mar its beauty In the least.
In the second act it Ja a Spanish waltz
song and ballad for the tenor which re
i ceive the most applause. As far as the
plot is ooncerned the comedy is rather in
the ensemble than in the individual
work. Miss Bt-ssie Fairbairn as the Queen
| of Spain stems to be the comedian of tne
■ play and receives the most laughter. .Miss
i Edith Mason in the title role assisted
greatly In the success of the play. Sue
looked very handsome, as usual, ».nd
i made quite a dashing Don Juanlto. She
sang with that care and clearness of voice
i which mark all her performances, 'x ne
i other players who created the first roles
were Arthur Wooley, Nace Bonneville,
Thomas H. Persse, William Woolf, in
fred Guff, Hattie Belle Ladd and Georgie
Cuoper.
The costumes were brilliant and the
scenery elegant. The mounting of the
piece was In all respects luxurious and
1 tasteful, which fact reilects creditably on
Charles H. Junes, who must have devoted
much time ai.J labor in the accomplish
ment of such magnificent scenic effects.
The ballets were very chic.
ALFRED MBTZGBR.
Columbia.
"The Milk White Flag" is not a young
farce. It comes to the Columbia well
along in middle years, and it has cast
aside Ihe wild hilarity of youth. It has
settled down Into comfortable, friendly
chuckles that are for the sake of avid
lang syne, but nobody .seems to like it
uny the less because it has ceased to sur
prise.
it seems to be the established precedent
of the New STork farce to bring along one
real rousing hit and depend tor the rest
upon mediocrity which apologises for it-
Self by being metropolitan. The hit last
week was .Bertie Fowler; now it is Littld
Chip.
He is a smack of humanity, with feet
that click and clatter like plantation
bones, and he la not entirely spoiled.
This is part of his secret. Moreover, the
audience does not see quite enough of
him, wherein still more of his secret lies.
.Beyond this, it isn't worth while to in
vestigate the reasons of his funniness.
He probably doesn't know them himself,
and if he aid there would be an end of
it.
The Roll Call of the Ransom Guards
bears few names that will bo recalled
when next they appear on a programme.
John Marble as the undertaker is worth
while, and Robert Germaine in Napoleonic
guise is good-looking enough to be for
given by Napoleon. The rest depend upon
the play to play itself, and the old "Milk
White Flag" rises to the emergency.
As for mo of the ladies of the com
pany — oh, well, charity is cheap enough
for any audience to afford. It is the most
economical virtue in the world, and it
would be a shame indeed if San Francisco
people could not Indulge. Besides, Cora
Morlan's dressmaker has done herself
proud, and Miss Morlan must be as good
to hang gowns upon as any patent model,
except she can't be telescoped.
Mabel Hit does not ask for charity.
Her turn takes care of itself, and the
Lawrence sisters are clever enough acro
bats to make up for being very tedious
singers. But the chorus does not look
well fed, and health has much to do
with beauty, you know.
The flag still flutters, but mildly.
SARAH COMSTOCK.
Tivoli.
"La Belle Helene," a comic opera In
which the characters and scenes, but not
the words, are taken from the mythology
of Homer, was put on at the Tivoli last
night and was quite enthusiastically re
ceived. The production is rather difficult
of analysis because there is really noth
ing that calls for such a delicate opera
tion. The whole scheme is a burlesque
based on the love story of Paris, ' the
handsome son of King Priam of Troy
and Helene, the beautiful wife of Mene
laus, King Of Sparta. The latter is pic
tured as a senile, decrepit monarch, while
Agamemnon, Achilles and the two
Ajaxes, those famous and dignified old
warrior kings, were made about as ridic
ulous as possible. The absurdity reaches
its height at the end of the second act,
when Paris, the handsome but effeminate
prince, drives the whole flock of mytho
logical heroes before him by jabbing at
them with a short Greek broadsword,
■which he wields as a modern duellist
would a rapier.
The humor is largely made up of local
gags, some of which are quite clever. Ada
Walker Palmer as Helens has a good
singing part and Is equal to all demands
made upon her. Julia Cotto as Orestes
has a solo, with which she scored a de
cided hit. Phil Branson as Menelaus di
vided honors with Alf C. Wheelan as
Calchas the Grand Augur, both comedy
parts. Tom Greene as Paris was well re
ceived, but he injured his reputation for
graceful deportment by walking on his
lady love's train in the middle of a very
strong love scene. The chorus is suscepti
ble of improvement.
California.
The musical farce-comedy, "A Breach
of Promise," attracted another large
audience to the California last night and
the laughter was incessant. Joseph Har
rington; Burt Haverly, Hurt Jordan Nel
lie Senneth, Rosa Crouch, Tony 'Pearl
and Memphis Kennedy In their specialties
are quite entertaining. Haverly's imita
tion of Sousa is the hit of the piece.
■ Otpheum.
There was not even standing room at
the Orpheum last night. The programme
warranted the house. It was brim full of
good turns, and every one of them re
ceived its full mead of praise. Wright
HuntinKton. in Brandon Hurst's comedy
"A Stolen Kiss," was particularly good'
The trick and musical canines and the
gymnast monkeys made everybody won
der how animal training could be brought
to such perfection. Bada won three re
calls for her performance on the violin
and the Florenz troupe of acrobats were
quite entertaining. Laura Burt was a
success as a monologue artist, but her
singing of old-fashioned love songs was
what caught the fancy of the house and
won her several recalls.
City miss (in rural bookstore)— Have
you "Wood and Won'?
Clerk (blushing)— Not yet, ma'am; but
I'm keeping steady company with Sally
1 llaceede, an' my prospects are good-
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
MISS HATTIE McLEOD
BURNED TO A CRISP
Horrible Death of a Prominent
Oakland Young Lady,
OAKLAND. Oct. 23.— Miss Hattle M^-
I.cod. aged 25 years, a daughter of
Daniel McLeod, the contractor and
builder, met a horrible death by fire
to-night at her parents' homo, 1024
Seventeenth street. Shortly after 0 o'clock
the young woman was seated at a small
table in her bedroom working on a
muffler. Suddenly she arose, and the
muffler becoming entangled with an ordi
rary glass hand-lamp, upset the latter,
which broke in pieces at her feet. Be
fore she could escape the burning oil had
Ignited her dress, a light wrapper, and
before aid could be summoned her body
was so horribly burned that she died of
her Injuries at 11:10. several hours later.
Her agonizing screams brought her
mother and a cousin to the scene almost
immediately. At the same time George
Muller. a member of Truck 3 of the Fire
Department, and who Is employed by the
Western Union Telegraph Company, was
passing by on his wheel. The flames in
Miss McLeod's bedroom, on the second
floor, attracted his attention, and he in
stantly rushed Into the house and to the
room. The sight he there witnessed was
most horrible to behold. Muller imme
diately grabbed Ihe clothing from the bed
and by rolling the young woman in its
folds Bmothered the flames.
Dr. F. Wilkes was promptly summoned,
NOW A JAILER
CLAIMS SARAH
BYROD'S ESTATE
Bitter Legal Battle in
Open Court.
Oakland Office SaJi Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, •_ ct. 23.
There were several Interesting urprises
sprung to-day In the multiplicity of con
tests over the $6000 estate of Sarah B.
Byrod, deceased, and several exciting
scenes were enacted before Superior Judge
Hall when the matter of the petitions ot 1
Darwin C. de Go lla and George \V. Kelley |
for a distribution of the estate came on
for hearing.
Mrs. Byrod was formerly an Oakland i
school teacher and when she died she left j
her estate to the Home of Truth and |
named Mrs. Mary Hawkins as executrix, i
For some reason under the law the home j
could not enjoy the bequest Mrs. Byrod j
had Ignored Frederick Wilson Byrod In j
her will and he claims to have been her
husband. He was in Jail at Sacramento j
for drunkenness and employed attorneys j
to recover the estate for himself, li ]
December, IS^S, he assigned his Interest j
in the estate to Attorney Darwin C. de j
Golla of this city, the agreement being ,
that the attorney is to retain one-half of
the amount recovered. |
In the meantime Byrod had employed j
Frank B. Ryan, a Sacramento attorney, (
to tight De Oolia afterward and one con- ;
test led to another. Finally George Kel
ley a Sacramento jailer, petitioned toat :
the' estate be distributed, and De Oolia..
on behalf of Byrod, tiled a similar peti
tion When the matter came up in court
to-day there was a considerable array of
legal' talent from the Capital City. At-;
orneys John C. March and W. W. Rhodes ;
wire on hand to protect the interests of
Kelley; Attorney Ryan had come down'
ostensibly to lepresent Byrod, but was
knocked out in the first round. Byrod
taking the stand and declaring Ryan was j
not his attorney; and Darwin C. de Goiia :
represented Byrod.
Suddenly at one stage of the proceed- j
inKS Attorneys Rhodes and March pro
duced an absolute assignment of all in- i
terest *n the estate from Byrod to Jailer |
Kelley dated June 24, 1899, and it now ap
pears as though, should De Goiia succeed
In hie petition for distribution, what is
left over nft^r his fees have been met i
may not go to Byrod, but to Jailer Kel- I
lev as per assignment, which was duly
acknowledged before Notary Grove JL. j
Johnson.
Because an agreement wherein Kelley i
had stipulated to care for Byrod dining
his remaining days had not been brought j
into court, but is concealed in Rhodes' |
safe, Judge Hall continued the matter j
until next Saturday.
At one stage Byrod on the witness stand !
declared that Attorney Rhodes had told |
him that "Ryan had been engaged in se.v- 1
era! shady transactions." To impeach
Byrod Rhodes insisted on being sworn
and testified that he cast no such asper- !
slon upon Ryan, whom he regarded as a
reputable attorney.
The bitterest of feeling and considerable
lack "f courtesy was shown between the
various attorneys and Judge Hall no'.ed
the ! ;i( 'k of confidence.
incidentally, to complicate matters ntlll
further, ExecutrtK Hawkins this after- j
noon also field a petition for diFtributlon.
DRIVER AND TEAM WERE
PLUNGED INTO THE BAY
BERKELEY. Oct. 25.-Through the OOl
lapM of a wharf at West B^keley this
morning a lumber vr&ffon <lriv?n by Jack
Mt-sin was thrown suddenly Into the bay.
The horses were pinned in by tne boards
and perished before help could arrive.
The driver by swimming was able to save
his life.
The accident occurred at 7:15 o'clock
this morning. Megin was driving off the
wharf with a load of damp lumber. When
about fifty feet from the end of the
stringers of the wharf it gave nay and
fully forty feet of the structure collapsed.
Driver, team and lumber were precipitat
ed into the water. It was with difficulty
hat the driver escaped with his life. The
horses could not be freed in time to save
themselves, as the timbers of t c wharf
held them down. The teum belonged to
Fountain Newell of West Berkeley and
was valued at $300.
The wharf Is owned by Samuel Hey
ward and was leased by him to the Tay
lor Lumber Company. No extra lumber
was stored upon the wharf at the time
and the accident Is attributed to the bad
state of repair in which the structure had
been kept.
TOUGH BURGLAR
AND A POOR JAIL
Q A\AKLAND, Oct. 23.— Gustave Seamans, a desperate burglar, who has
I Itwlce served short terms in the State prison, laughs at the bolts and bars Q
a V_/of the jail at Centervllle. About two months ago he escaped by cut- *
V ting his way out through the roof of the jail with a pocket-knife on the 7)
•fc night before his preliminary hearing. Last Friday Seamans was recaptured at [
A San Jose and Constable Vandervoort hastened to bring his prisoner to T
V Centerville's l.asttle. . Q
•¥■ When the Constable went to give the prisoner his breakfast this morning +
A Seamans had flown once again and the bright rays of the sun were streaming A
V down Into the dungeon through the same old hole in the roof, over which
some old boards had been nailed after the first Jail delivery. T
I and later Dr. Pratt was called, but both
• physicians pronounced the case hopeless
: and that denth was Inevitable, notwith
! Ftandlnp the unfortunate victim remained
I conscious up to' within ;m hour of the
I end, und related to her grief-stricken par
ents how the accident occurred. She said
that she was working: on the muffler,
when she thought she heard her mother
call. "I Immediately got up to go down
! stairs to see what ma wanted of me," she
! whispered, "and the muffler caught on the
; lamp and threw it on the floor. It ex
ploded and the fire caught on my dress.
because I was trying to save the muffler.
jlt didn't belong to me." And then her
' strength would give out and she was cau
-1 tioned to compose herself as much as pos
sible.
There was hardly an inch of cuticle on
the unfortunate woman's body that was
not charred and her hands were burned to
a crisp. Her features were almost oblit
erated.
The dead young woman was a comely,
tall brunette, of the kindliest of disposi
tions and enjoyed a large circle of close
| friends. She was a member of the choir
of St. Andrew's Episcopal Church, and
when she realized the end was near she
called for Rev. Dr. Huhne, formerly rec
: tor of the church, who promptly obeyed
j the summons and ministered what spirit-
I nal consolation lay in his power.
TOOK BACK HER
HUSBAND UNTIL
HE GAVE A DEED
Judge Greene Scores
Mrs. Cahill.
Oakland office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, October 23.
A mild sensation developed In the di
vorce suit of Christopher C. Cahlll against
Margaret P. Cahlll, brought on the
grounds of cruelty, which was up before
Judge Greene to-day on motion for coun- |
Bel fees, costs and alimony, and as a re- 1
suit of the discovery of a rase of re- ;
markable duplicity the wife was severely
scored by the court, she being openly
charged with perjuring herself.
The Cahllls, It appears, had about come ;
jto the conclusion to be reconciled, but
! hostilities broke out again yesterday.
' Matters have since become more compli
cated than ever and a warm time 1b an
ticipated.
The wife testified In court to-day that j
her husband had called on her lust Sat
urday, begging to be taken back and de- j
daring he could not stand the notoriety <>f
a divorce trial, so she Immediately con
sulted her attorneys, who drew up a
statement for her husband to sign, in
which all the scandalous remarks he bad
ever uttered against her in his complaint
were retracted. He hud also voluntarily
: deeded to her his interest in the home
stead. And now that hostilities had
broken out yesterday, she declared she
j was afraid of her life, and that the bus
! band had frequently warned her that
i their troubles would yet end in a tragedy. !
Cahill's testimony put a different aspect
ion the case, however. He admitted he
had signed a statement and the deed, but
said Mrs. Cahlll had also signed a state
' merit setting forth her promises, but that
this was In lead pencil, and so he had al
| lowed her to take It away to have the \
I same copied in ink. Afterward she nni
refused to make a new agreement, but
is t i 11 kept pussession of the other docu- :
ments. She had promptly placed the
deed on record.
"I never threatened to kill my wife.' 1
continued Caliill un the witness-stand,
"but she hns t^ice threatened to kill me,
by putting strychnine in my coffee. I was
' willing to go to almost any length to set
-1 tie our differences, but my home has been i
infested with men whom my wife has n
i vited to stop there, and I've been unable j
I to get rid of them. One of them, William
1 Sinkwitz, I had arrested recently for dis
turbing mv peace, but my wife ballad
i him out. T"hen 1 had him arrested a sec
i ond time and he ie now serving thirty
I days. I have always provided for my
i family, but I insist on being master of |
i my own house."
Judge Greene decided that he would not
rule on the motion for alimony until after
Mrs Cahlll has deeded back to her hus
band tl+ Interest in the homestead. "I
believe Cahill's statement." said the
< ourt "He tells a straight story, and
Mrs Cahlll had better deed back to him,
for I think It was got from him by a trick
lon her part. There is no doubt that
; he opened the way and she took advant
age of it. I don't believe Mrs. Cahill's
statement that she was not to abandon
I the divorce suit. Her conduct and her :
| own statement? show that she has not \
i been honest in the matter."
! Judge Greene accordingly continued tne ;
i case until to-morrow morning to allow ,
' : Mrs Cahill time in which to restore to
her husband his interest in the home near
Fruitvale. _
Marriage Licenses Issued.
OA.KLAND, Oct. 23.— Marriage licenses
wero issued to-day to the following
named: Vincent Silvia Marks. 27 years,
and Marie Agnes Fratos. 20 years, both
of Oakland; Frank L. Savage, 28 years,
Hollister, and Lizzie F. Walterbaugh, 2S
years Livermore; Henry Dieckmann, 29
years and Anna Christina Bothsow, 31
years Mt. Eden; Antone Joe Andrada, 22
year? and Rclle Carmo, 21 years, Hay-
Wards; Antonio B. Sequeira, 47 years,
Elmhurst. and Francisca da Luiz Silva,
26 years, Decoto.
Wanted to Sell Too Cheaply.
OAKLAND, Oct. 23.— Milton Barley was
trying to sell a dark brown gelding and
■ black-top piano horse huggy at such a
cut-rate figure that he excited suspicion
to-day. Tfe said he had driven up from
Loa Angeles and had friends In San Fran
cisco. As he could give no references he
was detained by the police, who also took
charge of the rig, which they believe to
have been stolen.
Orchardist's Sudden Death.
OAKLAND. Oct. 23.— Charles Miller, an
orchardist. aged 70 years, died suddenly
at his home near CentPrviHe this morn-
Ing. Death Is attributed to heart trouble.
Deceased was a widower. An inquest will
be held to-morrow morning.
OUTWITTED A
CLEVER TRICK
OF THE RECTOR
Vestry Accepts Dr.
Law's Resignation.
Oakland Office San Frnnolpeo Call,
908 Broadway, Oct. 23.
It Is as interesting as a game of bluff. '
the clever little game thai has been:
played between Rector Marshal] Law and
the vestry of the Church of the Advent, j
The vestry held a special meeting to
night to consider the rector's resignation.
The meeting was called by order of. C. B.
Foot, the junior warden, In the absence j
of J. J. Valentine, senior warden. Dr.
I.aw stated yesterday that he held the
fort, as a meeting of the vestry to accept
nl.s resignation could only be called by I
the junior and BenJor warden, and both |
are out of town. Now comes the little j
surprise to the rector. Unknown to him, j
before Vestryman Pope left Oakland he |
resigned as junior warden and Mr. Foot
was regularly elected to succeed him. This
throws down the latest move oJ the rec
tor.
Dr. Law has stated that there ia no
force to the agreement by which he prom
ised to resign this month if certain things
were carried out, and he has therefore
put io a resignation conditioned upon the
not granting to him of complete power in
the church and additional salary. This
was the resignation which the vestry de
cided to recognize.
The vestry decided to accept this resig
nation, because by so doing they will
score two points at once. They will get
rid of the rector, who is not congenial to !
i them ami they will save money, because
in the original agreement they undertook
to pay the expenses of Mrs. Law and
family East, whereas by the ordinary ac
ceptance of the rector's latest resignation
they are relieved from such responsibility.
The vestry is now composed of J. J.
Valentine, senior warden; C. B. Foot,
junior warden; Richard Burr, Dr. H. I.
Jones, J. Stalder and A. J. Reid. J. J.
Valentino, although he resigned some |
months atro, after a disagreement with the \
rector, is still senior warden, the records j
showing that his resignation was not ac
cepted but was returned to him with the i
request for a reconsideration. As he has j
not made a reo.ues.t that the resignation
be considered final. It Is assumed that he
is morally as well as officially in office.
The full extent of the opposition exist
ing to the rector may be gathered from
the act of the choir in refusing to sing
yesterday, as told in to-day's Pall. There
are about fifty members in the choir, all I
vested, and it was organized by Dr. Law !
and trained by his wife, who acted as nr
panlst and choirmaster. Yesterday all of
these singers were so averse to "singiner
while Dr. Law was present that they re- :
fused to occupy their seats In the chancel. 1
MAUTALEN DIVORCE
SUIT HAS BEEN FILED
OAKLAND, Oct. 23.— Charles Mautalen
has been sued for a divorce by Alice
Mautalen, the wife alleging that he haa
failed to provide for her for over a year.
Mrs. Mautalen is one of several pretty
Bisters who resided in San Francisco and
who have made much social history here
and In I>ondon during the past live years.
One of her sisters married somebody with
a title and another figured as a victim in
a diamond robbery.
Nearly three years ago the Mautalens
were married at Sacramento while he was
an attache of the Legislature. At that
time Mautalen, who had been chairman
of the County Central Republican Com
mittee, was on the crest of his political
power, nnd the wedding was quite an
event, Nearly a year ago the couple sep
arated and the suit fllea to-day was no<
a surprise. The romantic careers of the
Newland Bisters, of whom Mrs. Mautalen
is one. have been very freely exploited in
the newspapers.
Woodmen of the World.
Last week there was an interesting
ceremony in Odd Fellows' Cemetery by
the membership of Golden Gate ('amp
under the leadership of F. T. Phelps, the
consul commander, and other officers. It
was the unveiling of two beautiful monu
ments which had been erected by tha
camp over the graves of the late Charles
P. feohaefer and Jacob Fegersten. The
ceremonies of the order, most impressive,
were carried as laid down in the ritual
the oration being delivered by Neighbor
M. T. Moses.
Frank Trimbell of Golden Gate Camp
and Fred B. Swan of Calumet Camp have
been appointed special organizers for thlsl
city. I
(ahimet Camp recently pave a very en-l
joyable social in the Shiels building.!
There was a good attendance. I
Golden Gatf Camp since the first of thel
month has initiated fourteen candidates. l
Passing Away of W. H. Ayers.
OAKLAND. Oct. 23.— William H. Ayerfl,
Whose flowing white beard made him a
conspicuous fiprtire on thr> streets here for
many years, and who at one time was
quite prosperous, died yesterday at the
("ounty Infirmary, whither he had gone
some time ago, not beinp able to care for
himself any longer. He was over 70 years
of age and had many friends, who will
probably arranee for his funeral.
The Poolroom Cases.
Judge Treadwell is still smarting under
the criticism of his action In disposing of
the forty-three poolroom cases by a fine
of $6, with no .alternative in each case
Yesterday, after a stormy interview with
Chief Lees in which the Chief emphati
■ cally denied that he had agreed to such
disposition of the cases, the Judge deeid
! Ed to put back thirty-nine of the cases on
his calendar for trial, as he claimed that
■ only four cases were on the regular calen
: dar of his court when he rendered his de
cision, the others being on the reserve
calendar. This is denied -by Clerk McQuaid
who alleges that the records will show all
the cases were on the regular calenuar.
Yesterday's Bankrupts.
P. D. Polidnri, Santa Clara, $3123 90;
assets, %%4. Ralph H. Bulkley, Solano
(•.unity, $121S 49; no assets. \V. T. Stew
art, Monterey. $H.V> 11: assets, $475. George
H. Taher, rancher, Oroville, $1307 67; no
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FREE~TO MEN.
The Private Formula of a Noted
Physician Made Known— Quickly
Restores Weakened Mankind to
Strength and Vigor.
L. W. KNAPP. M. D.
A most successful remedy has been found for
sexual weakness, such as lmpotency, shrunken '
organs, nervous debility, lost manhood, night '
emissions, premature discharge and all other
results of self-abuse or excesses. It cures any
case of the difficulty, never falls to restore the
organs to full natural strength and vigor. The
doctor who made this wonderful discovery
wants to let every man know about It He
will, therefore, send the receipt giving the
various ingredients to be used so that all men
at a trifling expense can cure themselves He
sends the receipt free, and all the reader need
do Is to send his name and address to L W
Knapp, M. I)., 1689 Hull Building. Detroit' '
Mich., requesting the free receipt as reported !
in this paper. It is a generous offer, and all '
men ought to be glad to have such an op-
portunity. , j
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SIOK HEADACHE
-Positively cored by these
tittle Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia!
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy tor Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste In the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels, Purely Vegetable.
Small PHI, Small Dose.
Small Price*
I Will Give $1000
-g«g^Eg»^ If I fail to core any
J^^Sjjgfgg^ CANCER or tumor I
ff/BFy}BßJ3§C£if*^i±i. before it scat-
Jk % ■ '$]} Until Cured.
/SsgSSufijiir t-" 28 years' experi-
\ f -v!2j~~9UJk I ence. 1000 cancers
\ 5H3 j/7 now in my offices in
\ /' / alcohol. J.adyattend-
\. .^/-tft' i ant. Any hard
j/ '' sSB^. lump anywhere
iS^tiiii^AVy lump in a
Woman's Breast is Cancer
If large always poisons the glands in armpit,
when cure is almost impossible.
BOOK SENT FREE
With symptoms addresses and testimonials of
thousands cured in California, Write them.
S.R. CHAMLEY, M.D., 25 Third St., S. F.
SEND THIS to some one WITH CANCER.
Dr. K. L. Walsh,
/m*ff£42i»»>i^W 815*1 GEARY ST.. bet.
r/jMf»vr v Mi~naLW g *^ Hyde and La'rkin.
JjVr "^^£§s=-!?/ Painless Extraction..
(!»•_ T*l^7\ Crowns .'.*52.00
M^J. y. li^Jy*' Flesh-colored Plate :
Continuous Gum Plates (no bad Joints) our
specialty. Have received TEN first prizes (or
this branch of dentistry. No students. It
years' experience.
OCEAN TRAVEL
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
k^ Steamers leave Broadway
¥Jg»j_^ wharf, San Francisco.
rftPShk—. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m. •
BBaiaataßg^ Oct. 3. S. 13, lIS. 23, 2i; Sow
CwTkjS^l?^ 2 ' change at Seattle.
MK^aH For Victoria. Vancouver
jftps2^Sf|fll (B. C). Port Townsend, Be-
r^^^EsPwd attle, Tacoma. Everett, Ana-
cortes and New Whatcom
(Wash.), 10 a. m., Oct. 3, 8,
13, 18. 23. 28; Nov. 2. and
every fifth day thereafter; change at Seattle
to this company's steamers for Alaska and O.
N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m., Oct. 6,
11, 18, 26, SI; Nov. 5 and every fifth day there-
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon. Cayu-
cos Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gavlota.
Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro
East San Pedro (1..0F Angeles) and Newport, 9
a. m. Oct. 3, 7, 11. 15, 19, 23. 27, 31; Nov. 4 and
every' fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Los
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a. m.,
Oct 6, 9. 13, 17, 21. 25. 29; Nov. 2 and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Ma*dalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain a folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE—* New ■ Montgomery
6treet (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CAQZ $12 First Class Including Berth
rMiIL $8 Second Class And Meals.
COLUMBIA Oct. 20, 30; Nov. 9, 19, 29.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA
Oct. 25; Nov. 4, 14, 24.
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
620 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON. PASIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St Paul Oct. 19 St. Paul Nov. &
New York Oct. 25! New York Nov. 13
St. Louis Nov. St. Louis Nov. 22
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Westernland ...Oct. IS Frlesland Nov. i
Kensington Oct. 25! Routhwark Nov. U
Nordland Nov. 1 Westernland ...Nov. 23
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY. ■
80 Montgomery St.. or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner of First aDd Brannan streets, 1 p. m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, an.l
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of Hailing.
11ON'(;ki'i\Ti-MARU Wednesday, Nov. I
Nippon-mart' Saturday. Nov. 25
AMERICA-MARU Thursday. Dec. 21
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. A VERY. General Agent.
COMPAQNIE QENERALE TRANBATLANTIQTJE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVP.E-PARIS. Jf-cja*
Sailing every Thursday Instead of «t'Tt t !vt>
Saturday, from November 2. 1899, at •-**"•■' t*:^-
-10 a. m. from Pier 42, North River, foot of
Morton st. - LA OASCOGNE. Oct. 21; LA
nRETAOXF.. Oct. 28: LA TOIIRAINE. Nov.
2: LA CHAMPAGNE. Nov. 0: LA NORMAN-
DIE. Nov. 16. LA GASCOGNE, Nov. 23; LA
TOURAINE. Nov. 30; LA BRETAONE. Dec. 7.
First-class to Havre. SRO and upward: 5 per
rent reduction on round trfn Second-class to
Havre. $45; S per cent reduction on round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA, 22 Broadway (Hudson build-
ing), New York. J. F. FTTGAZI & CO.. Pa-
cific Coast Agents, 6 Montgomery aye.. San
Francisco.
flffflllllil S. S. Moana sails
dBSJiSaIX vi & Honolulu and
•t I***"*"1 ***"*" Auckland for Sydney
M - .. Wednesday. Nov. 1,
ftj/tA at 10 p. m.
CyIuCIIIJIHW sails for Honolulu
fOjnFflfttr- Wednesday. Nov. 15.
« at 2 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia, India, Sues'
England, etc.; $610 first-class.
i. O. SPrttCKELS a. tiftoa. CO., Agts.. .14 Montqomen
P!er 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Oftlcn 3?7 Market St.
BAY AND RIVEB, STEAMEBS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello.''
MON Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9-45
a, m., 3:J5, 8:30 p. in. (ex Thurs. night) ""rl-
days, Ip. m. and 8:80; Sundays. 10:30 a, in 1
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Doric
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE •••■•• ,„, )1%(( a,.
1112
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
tS9 McAllister etreet; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Laikln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
3941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
IWS Valencia »tre<?t : open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky i-treets: open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 6, R. A. M.. ■
will mett THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- I\^
ING. October 2*. at 7:30 o'clock. H. A. >sL_K
degree. By order of the H. P. /V >
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
GOLDEN Gate Lodge No. 30, F. and m
A. M Meeting THIS (TUESDAY)__#\_,
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Second de-TCjf
free. GEO. J. HOBB, Secretary. '▼>
PACIFIC Lodge No. li"6. F. and A. M.. m
121 Eddy Et.. meets THIS EVENINO A
at 7:30 O'clock. First degree. «L3T
GEORGE TENLINGTON, Sea. /^T^
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. m
M. First d^gre* THIS (TUESDAY) __\
EVENING at 7:SO o'clock. - j£__K
A. S. HUHBARD, Secretary. >V'
UNITY Encampment No. 26, I. O. O.*\S*
F— Golden Rule degree TO-NIGHT. A
C. F. BRALEY. C. P. • X
FIDELITY Lodge No. 222, I. O. O. -sSsHfl^.
V. — Brothers are requested to *t- S2JJs33sjj_-
tend the funeral of our late. •^S^S'gSg!-
-• brother. J. C BERNSTEIN, from -^W» w
his late residence TW4 Fulton st., THIS
7 'AT (TUESDAY), 10:30 a m.
<• H. HORNBECK. N. O.
WM. B. CURTIS, Secretary.
SOUTH PARK Improvement Club will meet to-
night at PSO Howard to Indorse the beet men
for . the Interest of th» people. Davis for
Mayor.
ANNUAL meeting— Annual meet of stock-
holders of the KILAUEA SUGAR
PLANTATION COMPANY will be held at
the office of the company, S?7 Market street.
In the city and county of Pan Francisco,
State of California, on WEDNESDAY, th»
?Mh day of October. 1599. at the hour of 11
o'clock a. m., for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year, and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting. Trans-
fer books will close on Saturday, October 14.
1&9?. at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ACCOUNTANTS.
6. K. BALLARD. 401 Cal. St., designs, audits ft
adjusts accounts for corporations & firms: ref.
ASTROLOGY.
ASTROLOGY-- Serrano, recognized brightest ae-
trologer In America; sketch of life an pros-
pects. Send date of birth sex and 12c. PROF.
SERRANO. P. O. 1.-_6238. Boston, Mass.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. KING, sixth floor Chron-
icle building: no advance charges: all cases;
estates, mortgages, damages, collections.
bankruptcy, wills, etc., drawn; moderate
fees; All or write.
ADVICE free; Clvorce law a specialty; private;
no fee Without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
I. S. CLARK. Emms Spreckels building. 927
Market; consultation free: no fees In advance.
NAGLE _: NAOLE, attorneys at law, Emma
Spreckels building, 927 Market St. i
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. P27 Markft st.. 01. p. Mason.
BICYCLE REPAIRS.
TliOS. H. B. VARNEY, Market and Tenth.
RAMBLER AND IDEAL BICYCLES.
REPAIRING A SPECIALTY.
BOARD AND ROOMS. ;
MARKET, IM9A (Hotel Robinson)— UndeT"naw \
and excellent management; MRS. M. C ROB- i
IN SON, formerly Oakland, prop.: sunny '
suites, very desirable for families; flrst-c!as-?
table; quick service; reasonable rates; family .
suites a specialty; American and European i
plan. :
EDDY. 123— United States Hotel; rooms $1 50 i
w*"k up. with board $5 50: suit for two with ,
beard. $12; board, $4 week; meals, 25c; ele- :
vator runs all night.
ONE or two ladles In nice country place near I
HaywariJs; fine private house; excellent i
board; convenient to railroad and electric j
cars. Box 444, Call office, Oakland. j
A NEW family hotel, SO7 California st., occu-
pying corner opposite Grace Church.
"BELGRAVIA. " Polk and Clay— Sunny suites;
b?st hoard: for 2, $45 up; single, $20.
FtRELL, 605, cor. Leavenworth—
sunny rooms with board; beautiful grounds;
rc-a^ enable; references.
O'FARRELL, 742— Clean comfortable rooms; su-
perior table board: bath; piano; reasonable.
PINE. 1222— Handsome family hotel: sunny I
rooms; suit* or single; refs. Miss Hutch:
POWELL. SOT (The Waldorf)— Furnished suites
ann single, with or without board.
BOARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— Board and lodging with a Pres-
byterian family at Pan Mateo. Address J.
W., box 276. Call office.
RESPECTABLE stenographer desires board
and room; central; rent $15; In private fam-
-11;.-. I '■■■;. ■':'.'. Call office.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
ACCOMMODATION for 2 or 3 small children";
mother's care and home comforts. MRS. C
L. DE MONT, 518 East Eleventh St., Oakland. i
want to find a go. d home for thr»e children
from 7 to 12: ref. required. Box 255. Call.
GOOD board for one or two children; excellent
home 3943 Army it.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
6CHOOL BOOKS .-■-..- and exchanged'
Holmes Bork Co.. 704 Mission st. . near Third.
BOOTS AM> SHOES.
LADIES' best rubbers, 25c and 30c; men's
boots, $2; children's chocs, 65c up; ladies'
shoes; $1 up; send for price list.
People's Shoo Store. 1303 Stockton, nr. Brdwy. j
BUSINESS CHANCES. |
. ~
A— s2so; BRANCH bakery and stationery store; I
ion Union st. ; living room; cheap rent; good
buslnehs. Call H. kJ. WILKE, 906 Market Bt.
DAY saloon, established years; dally receipts
a lout $Cv; a long lease; only first-class cus-
in; a chance of a lifetime; Investigate at
once. R. G. WILKE, 906 Market et.
CORNER eaioon, one block from Market
St., close to Odd Fellows' bldg; rent MO;
lease; daily receipts $18; death cause of sale.
R. G. WILKE, 806 Market st.
A— S7SOO— HOTEL of 120 rooms, offices, bar. din-
ing-room, etc.; establ. many years, with large
patronage; centrally located; this first-class
paying property must be sold at once; impor-
tant family affair calls owner to Europe; full-
est Investigation solicited. Call R. O. ;
WILKE. 806 Market St. >.
$1100— CORNER saloon with 6 rooms; rent
$00; mercantile lunch; between wholesale
houses olid Iron foundries; place clearing $100
ppr month; lease. Call WILKE. 906 Market.
A— CHIROPODIST and manicure parlors;
Market and Powell Hts.; only the very best
class of patronage; no rent to pay; a spledld
off>-r. R. O. WILKE, 606 Market st.
A 1360; DYEING and cleaning Btore on Powell :
St.; rent $15; first class; paying. Call WILKE.
S0« Market St.
$1250— GROCERY store (no bar); splendid loca-
tion; best class cash trade; good horse and
wagon, large stock; fine fixtures and safe; :
cash register: sickness. M. LESS, 765 Market.
J375- Restaurant, near car use and 3 car lines;
big regular trade; Saturday and Sundays large
■lent; living rooms. M. LESS. 768 Market.
$4500— RESTAURANT and oyster house; Market
Ht.; magnificently fitted up private rooms;
will easily clear $500 monthly; trial given If
you mean business . M LESS, 765 Market st.
$2:,0--I > AYING branch bakery In th( Mission;
4 living rooms; receipts from $12 to $14 per day;
rent cheap: old estab. M. LESS, 7C5 Market.
$800— GROCERY end bar; fixtures cost $1000;
fresh stock; Invoice 1600: $25 daily; must be
Bold; sickness. KREDO & CO.. 22'^ Geary st.
A—J23oo— BEST restaurant In mining town of
6000 population; receipts $50 dally; 8-room fur-
nished dwelling. KI-EDO & CO.. 22V4 Geary.
A— $350— RESTAURANT and 8 furnished rooms
opp. depot; half hour's ride from city; fine
business; furniture worth price asked.
KREDO & CO., __ Geary st.
$175— CIGAR store; great bargain this day.
COWING *• CO., MS Market st. ,
A— GROCERY; flirt-class corner; good loca-
tion: must sell; sickness. COWING & CO..
P95 Market st. '
A— BUSINESS clearing $75 each per month;
partner needed; this Is a fine opportunity: no
night or Sunday work. HEALV. »17 Market.
yjjfiWBUTCHER shop; doing business $25 to $35
day 100 route customers; 2 horsce; . wagons;
treat. sacrifice. JONES. 866 Market st. .-J
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
$450— BEST saloon In city; cor. Clay St.: value
in sight. MCLAUGHLIN, 777% Market st.
SALOON; bargain this city. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO.. 777H Market st.
MUST sell; old established branch bakery, sta-
tionery, notions; cheap rent; living .rooms;
mo. receipts $350. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Mitt.
PAYING bakery; good location: no reasonable
offer refused. Address box 543. Call.
$1000— CORNER grocery and bar: good corner;
established 12 year*; good trade; stock new:
cause of selling, retiring from business; lease
If desired. Junction Guerrero, San Jose aye.
and Valley st.
FOR — Grocery and bar, wood and coal, hay
and grain, boarding stable, expressing; 11
years In business; owner retiring; long lease.
Call northeast corner Fifteenth and Guerrero.
BRANCH bakery and stationery store; three
living rooms; rent $11; for sale. 1342 Sacra-
mento Bt.
SECOND-HAND furniture and tool store doing
fine business; on account going East. 1070
Howard st.
PARTNER in cheap and useful invention, or
will sell whole or part. Address Ml Eighth.
! RESTAURANT; good location; for sale cheap;
account other business. Box 887, Call office.
JIOOO WILL buy half interest in $4000 ranch.
Write P. O. bos 321, Redding, Cal.
GOOD chance man with small capital;
! city control; new article. Box 883, Call.
! FOR SALE— Grocery and branch bakery; price
$350. 801 Jefferson St., Oakland.
FOR sale at sacrifice; retiring from business;
wholesale and retail store, established S3
years; suitable for wholesale and retail gro-
cery or drug store or hotel; can be rented
j sapurate; long lease if desired. GEO. MON-
i NIER, 11E3 Howard, bet. Seventh and Eighth.
$2500— ONE of the lyst located drug stores in
i the city, clear.!!:; $200 per month; selling on
! account of other business. Address L. 8.,
box 844, Call office.
MODEL Art Store. 5032 Sixteenth St.. below Va-
■ lencia; on account of death; pictures, picture
frames; all kind of art materials; portraits
enlarged.
$300— LODGING-HOUSE. 10 rooms; rent $3;
water free; Income $60. Apply 604 >,t Mission
it., room 4. between It and 3 o'clock.
GOOD paying fruit store; investigate. 48
Seventh st.
FOR rale- Barber shop near Presidio. Inquire
163 Second st.
I FURNITURE and good will of Hotel Bruns-
wick; doing splendid business; must sell on
account of death; $8200; terms, half down, ;
reft on time. Ad. Hotel Brunswick. Oakland. j
BARBER shop; ? chairs. * bath tubs; very
cheap; must sell on account sickness; urood
trade. M. BRIGHT, South San Francisco,
Han Mateo County.
CHICKEN ranch for rent— Half interest in
horse, wagon, furniture, brooders', chicken
'■ > d etc., for sale, or will sell '*hole. Box
576. Call office, Oakland.
FOR SALE— Corner saloon on water front, with
i rooms above for S families and 2 stores below;
all rented; barroom rent free. Apply 724
Front st. Price low.
$900— RESTAURANT; rent $25: dally receipts
$30. Address or Inquire of J. H. LIVER-
MORE, room 719, Emma Spreckols building.
! BUSINESS established six years; requires
more capital: fine opening for right man.
, Confidential, box 876. Call office.
I CIGAR store; very cheap; good location; cheap
rent: owner desires to go to country. Box
I 897, Call.
WANTED— Partner with $300. to take half in-
terest in paying mail-order business; splendid
chance. Address box £883. Call.
HOTEL men attention-!- We have good hotel
propositions. SCHWEINHARD & CO., 1007%
Market St., near Sixth.
$2Sft — OLD •■■•■.-> florist shop; doing pros-
perous business; cheap rent. Apply Call office.
RESTAURANT on Third st. for sale cheap;
am compelled to leave city. Box 71S, Call.
GOOD-PAYING rooming house, for cash; IS
rooms. 133 Hyde st.
$200— PAINT shop; estab. 40 years; good stock;
fine tools. R. WILLIS, SK Washington et.
PRIVATE board Inp-house; 25 boardere; 15
rooms ; all full; north Market. Box 1344 Call.
RARE chance; nicely fitted up saloon; central
location ; for sale cheap. Inquire Call office.
HALF or whole interest grocery store: estab.
12 years. Call 1510 Telegraph aye., Oakland.
RESTAURANT outfits for sale. D. McRAE.
743 Mission st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO. i
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 412 Sacramento st. j
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken- j
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
FINE top buggy, almost new; business buggy,
new: business wagons, new. suitable for dry
goods stores; rockaway. 828 Harrison st.
ALL kinds of wagons, hussies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
100 SETS second-hand harness: wagons, carts. '
buggies, surreys snd horses. 114" Poison) st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
Bend to SPAULDINGS Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama st. : tel. S. 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, m»r., 3S-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228: lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Putter St.;
tel Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth ft.: tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning, 3c per yard; UA. MlEslon 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
, Gate aye.; tel. East 126.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND Si 1 t AIIS.M.
MRS. DR. CLARK,
the well-known trance medium and clair-
voyant, may be consulted on all affairs of
life. While entranced she will reveal every
hidden mystery; she will show you how to
overcome your enemies; remove family trou-
bles; restore lost affections; unite the sepa-
rated; recovers lost, stolen or buried prop-
erty; locates treasures and minerals; tells
your entire life, past, present and future,
while in a perfect trance; perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail; synd stamp for circular
with special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK,
200 Turk st. Home Sundays and evenings.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, the celebrated test
medium, life reader and medical clairvoyant; j
Fittings, SI; diagnosis free; "new method" j
treatment for chronic, private, obscure dis- ]
eases; send stamp for circular. 232 Stockton
MME. MELBOURNE, gifted clairvoyant; never
falls; satisfaction guaranteed; hours, 1:30 to 5
p. m., 7-10 p. in.; L, 2r.0, G.. 800. 612 Vi Eddy.
MADAME A. CERVANTES, the celebrated j
Spanish fortune teller, newly arrived. S
Hayes St., room 7. second floor.
ABBIE HARLAND'S test circle, 2 p. m., 20c;
to-night. lOcj business readings, $1. 34 Sixth. j
JOHN SLATER-Slttlngs dally. 10 to 4. 1809
Stockton Bt., near Greenwich.
C. V. MILLER'S materialising trumpet seance,
8 p. m. : 25c. 409 Leavenworth st.
CIRCLE -Thursday. 2 p. m., 25c; read-
Ings. $1. C. STEERS. 112V4 Oak st.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 212V4 Sixth st.
MME, MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 2Sc up. 73 Fourth Ft. , near Mission.
MRS. WEST, trance medium ond healer. 1206
Market, par. 14; mail with $1 and stamp ana.
MME. HANSON, palmistry. 10c; card reader;
past, present, future, 26c. 148 Sixth St., r. 12.
j EDWARD EARLE. Independent elatewrlter,
J 330 Ellis st. : seance Scottish Hall, Sun. night.
I MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
GYPSY life reader; action guaranteed;
25c; correct answers to all questions. 9 7th st.
MRS. C. J. MEYER. 336 McAllister; sittings
dally: test meetings. 10c; circles. 25c: 2, 8 p.m.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
i ■palmistry. 2fic: truth or no pay. 1143 Mission.
PROF. Gee— Medium; read's. SOc. $l:test circles
Tues.. Thurs,. Frl.. 8 p. m.. 10c. 1035 Market.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS]
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing; a sure
cure for poleon oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
Agent. Office and factory. 21 S---ir st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge"-
i>F> »uccfer,ful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms and bath, with or with-
out stable. 409 Dolores St., near Seventeenth, j
JONES. 2052 — To rent, cottage of 4 rooms and j
bath; hot and cold water; rent $14.
$15— SUNNY cottage. 5 rooms and bath. GEO '
„ W. H. PATTERSON, 1706 Market st. [
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALT,, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1399.
DENTISTS.
DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors. 927
Market Ft., over Cafe Zflnka»d— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the best and most artWtlc
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up; other fillings from dOc;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain: plates that fit
from $4 50 up; flesh colored plates from $3 50
up; teeth without plates a specialty; op*n
evenings and Sundays. ________
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry.
Bynol, on application to the gums, removes
the pain; see our flesh colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years;- crown nnd bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings, BOc; crowns, $3 £0; plates,
full set. $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth Ft.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. SOS Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 CO up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges. $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students: guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH extracted free: the best work; the low-
est prices: all work warranted and painless;
teeth without plates a specialty. Modern
Dental Parlors. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 097 Market st.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.. 8 graduate opera-
tors; open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
I PARIS Dental Parlors, 285 Kearny. cor. Bush;
I full set teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 25c.
MEYER— Deutscher 7Jahnarzt, 6 Turk: lst-class
work; prices reas.; gas; crown & bridge work.
DR. N. BAR DUE, r. 211. Examiner bldg.;
work reasonable; satisfaction guaranteed.
LOWEST prices In S. F. : work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists. 967 Mission, cor, fth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
DRESSES— Cutting and fitting taught at schol-
ar's house, $10. 403 Grant aye., cor. Bush.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladles Tailoring parlors;
French tailoring system tatir^t. 30:" Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 3S? Geary; dresses,
made $5 up: dresses made rver: perfect fit.
EDUCATIONAL.
MR. and MRS. W. F. AYRES have returned
from their vacation and resumed personal su-
pervision over Ayres' Business College; new
and progressive methods in all branches; the
only school in the city having the right to
use the practical Budget system of bookkeep-
ing; life scholarship, $50; send for catalogue.
HEALD'B Business College, 24 Post St.. S. F. ;
practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.; new SO-pige catalogue free.
ENGINEERING Schoc), civil, electrical, min-
ing mech. Burvey.assay.archi. ;day and even.;
em. 1564. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. San Francisco Business
College, 1236 Market st.
LAW Schools, 827 Market, S. F., and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
PROF. MERKI'S mandolin club resumes Nov.
2; new members welcome; ref. lOCS Mission.
FRENCH. Spanish, etc.. Prof. De Filllppe's
Academy of Languages, 320 Post; ablest profs.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory of
Lei] sic; lessons 75c S2O Golden Gate aye.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College. JO5 Larkin St., opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar. writing;
liav ftp.d night: tPrms low. 1024 Mission. nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Information Bureau; Japanese and
Chinese help; housecleaning. 421 Post; tele-
phone Main 1956.
ORPHEUM Employment Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
FIELD'S Employment Agency; help furnished
free. 605 Clay st. ; phone Davis 821.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. OEO. OAKI. 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
SAM KEF., 513 Bush; best Chinese help fur-
nished promptly. Telephone Red 1531.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
A FIRST-CLASS Danish cook and laundress
desires a situation; best of ref.; city or
country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
A NEAT young girl desires situation as nurse
or assist in housework; $10 to $15; ref3. MISS
CULLEN. 825 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires a situation!
understands French and German cooking;
good ref. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook desires a altua- j
tion; good ref. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sut- j
ter st. j
THOROUGHLY competent cook and housework
girl desires a situation; best city references.
MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter St., Phone
Main 651.
FIRST-CLASS meat and pastry cook, $40,
wants place, city or country. Hotel Gazette
Employment Bureau, 26 Montgomery; MRS.
M. E. DAY, Manager.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish second girl desires a
situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter.
A RESPECTABLE person, good cook and
housekeeper, wishes position; good home pre-
ferred; best of references can be given. Call
618 Ellis St., near Larkln.
SWISS c:rl wishes a situation to do general
work with an American family; willing to
work. 516 Pacific st.
A YOUNG experienced wontan wants situation
to do housework: Is a first-class cook; city or
country acceptable; can give best of refer-
ences. Address M. X., 3SOS Seventeenth st.
GOOD German cook wishes situation to do
cooking and plain washing; city or country.
348 Third st.
A COMPETENT woman wants a situation;
light housework; is a good cook and laun-
dress; nest and clean. Call for 2 days 1231
Market st.
YOUNG girl wishes situation to mind baby or
assist In light housework; sleep home. 403
Bryant st.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes a few more
engagements by the day. 905 Market st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman will assist In nice
family; small wages; good references. Ad-
dress box 2587, Call office.
COMPETENT woman wishes place to do gen-
eral housework; good cook: no washing; in
small family; references. 106 Hayes st.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman wishes situa-
tion to do general housework. 1000 Washing-
ton st.
RELIABLE person wishes position at general
housework; is a good cook: no objection to
small wash; wages $15; good references. Box
277. Call.
SITUATION wanted by a middle-aged German
woman for general housework and cooking.
1414 Lyon st., near Sutter.
COMPETENT girl wants housework: good
cook and laundress: city or country. 270
Jessie st, near Fourth.
COLORED woman, good cook, wants place In
private family. 610 Post st.
FRENCH, experienced, good nurse; good ref-
erences; country or city. 624 Taylor St., cor.
Sutter.
WANTED— By young German woman, house-
deTuiing and window-cleaning; $1 and car
fare. Address MRS. W., 6 Shipley St., off 4th.
WANTED by an elderly American woman,
situation to do light housework in small fam-
ily, or for man and wife. A. M. C , 12%
Scott place, bet. Pacific and Broadway.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes position as cook.
17 Howard Ft. .
DRESSMAKER; first-class; fitting and trlm-
ming perfection; costumes remodeled latest
styles; $1 25 per day. Address J. P., 501 Post
St., room 34.
MIDDLE-AGED German lady wishes situation
to do plain cooking or plain washing In small
. family. 302 Fourth st. ■ ~. _
AN elderly woman wishes light -housework;
small family In the city: good home: small
wages. 31 First aye. and Clement st.
WOMAN to assist with housework. Please call
at .', Sycamore aye., bet. 17th and 18th sts.
NEAT girl wishes situation to do upstair-
work and care for children. 311V4 Elm aye.,
bet. Golden Gate aye. and Turk st.
GERMAN cook wishes situation In gentleman's
family; good cook and housework; good refer-
ence. 74S Howard St., bet. Third and Fourth.
WOMAN wishes a position to do chamberwork
and plain washing; wages $15; sleep home. 13
Washington st.
WANTED, by a good reliable woman, a posi-
tion as cook: no objection to short distance In
country; good city reference. 759 Mission Ft.
WOMAN wishes to go out by the day washing
or housecleaning. Please call at 308 Fulton st.
COMPETENT woman -wishes a position to as-
sist In general housework; good references.
. Address 1005 Franklin st.. Oakland.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
YOUNG Swedish lady wishes plain sewing at
home. 425 Bush St., room 11. first floor. -
RESPECTABLE girl wishes to do chamber-
work or housework and plain cooking; sleep
home if preferred. Apply 45C Sixth St. rm. 23.
YOUNG lady having typewriter desires a couple
* hours' work each day. Address box 283. Call.
WANTED — Respectable, experienced woman,
with 6-year-old child, desires situation as
working housekeeper or to do cooking or
light housework In small or ordinary fam-
ily; good plain cook; country preferred; near
school; wages $12 to $15 a month; good refer-
ences. Address box 452, Haywards, Cal.
EXPERIENCED reliable nurse wants some en-
gagements; would receive patients In her
home: good references. Address Nurse, 47 A
Clara st. Third and Fourth. Fulsom and Har-
rison.
DRESSMAKER and designer would like a few
more engagements by the day, $1 50; or win
do work at home for same price; perfect fit
guaranteed. 421 Hyde st.
GERMAN lady wishes position as governess,
lady's maid or seamstress; speaks French,
Italian and a little English. Address box
»99, Call office.
YOUNG lady wishes ' position as second girl
or general housework. Call or address 122
Noe st.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes work In
families or at home (ladies and misses).
919 A Sutter St.; telephone I-arkln 962. :
EXPERIENCED nurse desires position care of
children; good seamstress; good references.
1214 Wood St.. Oakland.
EXPERIENCED saleslady wishes position. 8.
P., box 2898. Call office.
WANTED— by rellned experienced in-
fant's nurse; city reference. Call 1251 Hayes.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 B0 night; $1 60 to $«
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
(subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
A COMPETENT English couple desires situa-
tions on a ranch; best references. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter £t.
COMPETENT couple desire situations; man
first-class carpenter and cabinet-maker and
wife first-claps cook; city or country. Apply
to MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st.
YOUNG man, good business education, wants
situation; willing to invest a few hundred
dollars in legitimate enterprise. Address box
E66. Call office.
MAN of good character wants situation in gen-
eral merchandise or grocery store in country;
will work cheap at first to learn the busi-
ness; good driver; references. Address L. 8.,
727 Bush st.
STEADY, sober young man wishes a position
of any kind: handy with horses. Address E.
C, 400 Capp st
WANTED— By reliable married man, a posi-
tion for collecting accounts, rents, etc., and
looking after property: large experience; ref-
erence and best of security If required. Box
286. Call.
WANTED — By an experienced man, a position
as clerk In a retail grocery store; wages
moderate; references. Box 281, Call.
STRONG married man wishes situation In
wholesale house or any kind of work-.' J. W.,
255 Tehama St.
EXPERIENCED young man wants position
doing general work In mercantile house: am
good bookkeeper: quick, accurate and trust- j
worthy. Box 273, Call. i
WANTED— Work by young man by the day at !
house .md carpet cleaning. HENRY ANDER-
SEN, 962 Bush St.; telephone East 563.
ENGINEER wants situation; city or country;
good references. Address box 237, Call office. j
GOOD barber can be had for evenings, Satur-
day and Sunday. Address box 9SS, Call.
BARBER wants situation; 1 year's experience;
$10 a week. Address box 289, Call office.
WANTED To work for a private family as J
man about place; can do all kinds of work; ■
gardening, horses, cows; willing and oblig-
ing; city or country. J. M. J., 631 Sacramento.
GARDENER, thoroughly understanding car©
or horses, cows, chickens; references; pri-
vate placo. N. D., box 989, Call.
WANTED— Position in private place, care of
horse* or garden, by a sober, steady man;
references. Box 257, Call.
MlNES— Gentleman with good connection
among miners In Nicaragua, Costa Rica and
Colombia desires to represent a flrat-clsss
house, handling portable hand pumps, wash-
ers, winches, etc. Address, with terms, A. G.
CHOVIL, care Cartagena Railway Co., Carta-
gena, Colombia, S. A.
JAPANESE young boy wishes a position In
a small family as a schoolboy; wages no ob-
ject. Box 292, Call.
JAPANESE schoolboy wants position as cook
in small family. K. KAWASAKI, 1329 Pine.
YOUNG Danish man, single, wants situation
in private place; thoroughly understands care
of horses, cows and garden; best of refer-
ences. Address P. LUND, 360 Seventh St.,
Oakland.
GERMAN man and wife want to get work In
a hotel or lodging-house; city or country:
man good porter: wife good chambermaid;
can give good references. Address box 436,
Call Office. *
INDUSTRIOUS German gardener; understands
the care of lawn, flowers, vegetables, horses
and cows; very handy and willing; references;
city or country. Box 809, Call.
EXPERIENCED cellarman wishes situation;
can do cooperage repairing;, references if re-
quired. Address E. MUTIN, 1524 Powell St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner- of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Ft*. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH olKee for Call Advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
_______
EXCHANGE.
20 ACRES fruit and walnuts; good buildings;
near Los Angeles; J5600 clear for property
around bay. J. H. EDSON, 1209 Broadway,
Oakland.
CATALOGUE of choice exchanges free. Ad.
3CHWEINIIART & C0..1007',4 Market. nr.6th.
FLATS TO LET.
A— s2o— lll7 SCOTT St.: 6 sunny rooms with
porcelain bath, washtrays. etc. V.
CLEMENTINA, . 312>4— $14; 6 rooms; In good
order; sunny side.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10
Montgomery St.
GEARY. 1909, opposite Hamilton Square — Two
flats. 5 and 6 rooms each; upper flat reduced
to $12 50; lower to $15.
GEARY, 1917— 516; four nice rooms; bath; toilet,
gas: nice yard; cellar; furnished hall.
HENRY, C 3. bet/ Sanchez and Noe— 4 nice,
ninny rooms; garden; rent low.
LEAVBNWORTH, 1519— Flat 4 rooms; gas;
bath; modern improvements; rent $15.
MCALLISTER. 1129-Upper flat: 7 rooms; with
light and sun: reasonable to good tenant.
MODERN nanny flat; 7 rooms; porcelain bath.
735 Ellis sT.
NEW flat of 4 rooms. Apply at 55*4 Zoe st.,
between Bryant, Brannan, Third and Fourth.
NEW flat. 3239 Sixteenth St.. to let; furnished,
unfurnished or the whole flat.-
SEVENTEENTH, 3570, near Guerrero—
eunny flat; 6 rooms and bath; yard; rent rea-
sonable.
TO let— flats of 4 rooms each. Key at 70
Clementina st.. bet. First and Second.
TWO sunny flats, 4 rooms and bath: $10 up.
$25— Sunny flat; 8 rooms, bath: central.
GEO W. H. PATTERSON & CO., 1706 Market.
7 ROOMS and 2 kitchens: modern: sunny bay
windows: for I families. 417^ Third st.
$B— FLAT of three rooms; large dry cellar. 62
Chesley st., off Harrison, between Seventh
and Eighth. ■
UPPER sunny corner flat: 6 rooms and
bath. Apply grocery, corner Twenty-fourth
and Florida sts.
$17 6-ROOM upper flat, with porcelain bath.
541 Castro «t.. near Nineteenth.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109« Va-
lencia st.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
36 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HATS TO — FURNISHED.
ELLIS. 1312— 'new modern flats; 8 and 10
rooms and bath; front two streets; sun all
day; newly and handsomely furnished. Apply
■ 10 to 12.
TWELFTH. 324— Flat of 3 r ooms: stable if re-
qtllred. .
~~~ FURNITURE FOR SALE. :
HEAVY matting. 10c per yard; linen warp, 15c;
tapestry Brussels carpet sewed, laid and lined,
60c per yard. EASTERN OUTFITTING CO.,
1310-1312 1 Stockton St.. nr. Broadway.
$325 CASH— Furniture of 7-room flat: good as
new: a bargain; rent low. 772 Stevenson,
off Ninth. s-'-;'-.:-\
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $43 50. with No.
' 7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
LARGE and small lots: 200 rooms: country;
must buy this week. Box 764, Call.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays
the highest price for your }d-hand furniture;
WANTED— SSOOO carpets, furniture, etc. ; highest
price paid: postal. M. Silverttein.ll2l Market
FUKRIKRS, FUIIS, KTO
ELECTRIC seal capes, Astrakan yokes. $10 to
?30. ROBT. WALLACE, 115 Kearny, top floor.
HELP WANTED AGENTS
OUR new holiday books include a fine line for
children; four shown in one sample; Illus-
trated books for center table; standard books
for the library; books make desirable presents
for ladies or gentlemen; all the war histo-
ries right up to date. Canvassers send for
circulars to THE J. DEWING CO., Flood
bldg,. San Francisco..
AGENTS everywhere to sell map of the battle-
fields in the Philippines; 4t-x64 Inches In 6
colors, showing all the movements of Eighth
Army Corps. Write for particulars to P. E.
LAMAR. 21 First st.. San Francisco.
HELP WASTED FEMALE.
HOUSEWORK, Chico, $20, see lady here;
Stockton, $25; Siskivou, $2i); Alameda, i'll;
Modesto, $20; .v housework girls, $25 and
J2O; 10 young girls to assist, $12 to $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Butter Bt.
2 WAITRESSES, hotel, city. $20 per month;
Reno, $25; 3 restaurant waitresses, $7 and
$3 per week. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
CLERK for candy store, city, $7 a week to
start; 20 waitresses, country hotels. $25 and
$20 and fare; 2 Scandinavian or German wait-
resses, same hotel, $20 each.
4 hotel waitresses, city, $20.
10 restaurant waitresses, city, $7 and $8 a
week.
40 girls for general housework, city and ooun-
try, $25 and $20.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Three German cook», $30, $35; 8
cooks, German style, $25 and $30; laundress,
private family, $25; ironers for county, $25,
fare paid; 1 German, 1 French, 1 Protestant
and three other Becond girls, $20; parlor maid
and waitress, $25; Protestant nurse, $20; t
cooks, city and country boarding-house, $25,
$30; 2 waitresses, restaurant, $6 week; wait-
resses for city and country hotel, $15 to $25;
a great many girls fur housework, city and
oountry. $20, $25. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 31«
Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child as .housekeeper, country,
$15. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st.
BOARDING-HOUSE cook, country, $30. MISS
H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter st.
"HOTEL GAZETTE" Employment Bureau, 26
Montgomery— Waitresses for Stockton, Napa,
Woodland, Gait, Bakersneld, Martinez and
city, $20; 2 chambermaids to wait, $20. MRS.
M. E. DAY, manager.
BRIGHT young lady to travel and assist
gentleman In his business; moderate salary
and expenses; in answering state age, quall-
fi> ntlons, etc. E. P. TRAYNOR, Call office,
Oakland.
FINISHERS on custom coats wanted. 304
Tehama st.
FINISHERS on pants; steady work. *5S How-
ard st., bet. 4th and sth. over handball court.
EXPERIENCED finishers and apprentices on
custom coats. 940 Foleom st.
APPRENTICE and a good plain sewer for
dressmaking. 2437 Mission Bt., near 21st.
YOUNG girl for housework; sleep home. 457
Fell st.
SCANDINAVIAN servant: general housework
and cooking. 2406 Sutter st.
GIRL; housework. Call at 623 Florida st.
APPRENTICE wanted for La Mode Halr-
dressing Parlors. 9;>7 Market St., rooms 12-13.
YOUNG German girl to assist In general
housework. IIIOA Golden Gate aye.
YOUNG girl for housework and assist with
children; wages small. Apply afternoon, t5T,t
Jessie st.
COMPETENT girl for general housework;
wages $20. Inquire after 9 a. m., "12 Cole
St., near Waller.
NEAT girl f.>r light housework. Call 196
Boyce, south of Point Lobos aye.
GOOD crocheters and finishers on sweaters and
i underwear. Apply J. J. PFISTER KNIT-
TING CO., 41" I'olk st.
PROTESTANT girl wanted; plain cooking;
two in family; wages $16. 1602 Washington.
WANTED— A young girl for light housework in
i-mall family. Inquire between 9 and 12 a. m.
to-day at 732 Tint Bt.
GOOD waist hand wanted. MRS. JOHANSEN,
627 Post st.
BY a lady; young girl who enn sew from 9
a. m. to 5 p. m. 1020 Van Ness.
OPERATORS on custom coats. 927 Market
St., room 624.
GOOD second fitter for suits and Jackets. E.
MESSAGBR'S 'lock Store, 145 Post st.
WANTED— GirI to assist with children and
light housework. 951 McAllister st.
WANTED— A dressmaker. 1318 Larkln st.
WANTED— A nursegirl. 2912 Clay st.
WANTED— A young girl to assist In house-
work. niS l^ Union st.
WANTED— Protestant girl for light house-
work. 1517 Hyde st.
WANTED— A waitress; call early. 2813 Green-
wich Bt.
WANTED— Waitress. 3S Fourth st.
GIRL 14 to 1« to help mind baby. 1562 Post
st., near Laguna.
GERMAN girl to arsist In housework and with
children; wages $20. C6l Geary st.
YOUNG girl to assist and company for child;
J5; good home. 51S Jones St.; two bells.
WANTED— A girl to work in a kitchen! m
Geary st.
WANTED— A lunc* waitress. 7 Taylor st.
GIRL to do housework in email family. 375
Letlr.gtcn aye.
WANTED— A young girl for light housework.
918 Sanchez st., near Twenty-second.
26 HANDS on silk and woolen waists. SAN
FRANCISCO MFG. CO., 409 A Turk St.
GIRL to assist In light housework; wages; $12.
1279 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— GirI for general housework. Apply
3448 Twentieth St., corner Capp.
APPRENTICES for fine millinery and good
makers wanted. 130 Sixth st.
WANTED — Ladles lenrn best system shorthand
and typewriting at home; experienced gent.
Address box 2855. Call.
MEN, women and girls; light employment;
good wages. Rm. 1, 567 Washington, Oakland.
WANTED — Girls to learn tailoring on custom
coats; paid while learning. 40 Ellis, room 52.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter for law of-
fice. Address, giving reference, experience
and wages expected, box 86S, Call office.
WANTED-- A girl to do second work; wages
$15 a month. Apply at 1617 Vallejo st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman; light housework;
small wages. 73 Fourth st., upstairs.
YOUNG German girl, 15 to 18, for light house-
work; $15. 1530 Grove st.
TAILORESS and finisher wanted on fine cus-
tom coats. 533 Natoma st.
YOUNG girl for housework; family of 2. Call
9 to 12. 2128 Sutter st.
GIRLS '. GIRLS ! GIRLS !
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 324 Fremont St..
are putting in the very best sewing ma-
chines and will take In several hundred more
operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
APPRENTICES on shirts and overalls: paid
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory,
Gough and Grove sts.
RESTAURANT waitress wanted. People's
Restaurant, 631 Clay st.
GIRL for housework and cooking. Apply after
9 a. m. 622 Golden Gate aye.
OPERATOR on coats; ono that understands
making linings and plain work preferred;
steady work and good pay. 718 Market st.
YOUNG girl to assist with light housework and
children; good home; wages $S, 1271 Clay St.,
near Jones.
YOUNG girl for light housework. 1749 Sutter
street.
WANTED— 4 ladles who want to make $12 a
week. Call 114 Jones st.
WANTED— GirIs to work at dressmaking; also
apprentices at 234 Post Kt., room 10.
WANTED— Two waist finishers; only first
clasp need apply. 406 Sutter st., room 39.
WANTED — A good cook; reference required.
Call l'o7 Washington St., bet. 2 and 5 p. m.
FIRST-CLASS experienced saleslady for cloaks
and suits. Paris Cloak House, 1114 Market.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds" pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor AMoffatt.
WANTED— Experienced lroners at U S Laun-
dry. Sixteenth and Valencia sts.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School gives a
thorough, artistic course. 108 Post st.
HELP WANTED-MALE.
A— UNDERGROUND car man for mine $60
Men to top beets, $26 and found; camp wait-
ers $25; shingle sawyers, $50; foreman ■wood-
chopper. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636
Clay st. I- '
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Help for Utah, Washington, Oregon, British
Columbia and all parts of California and
Arizona • • • • ' ; '
band sawyer shoemakers.... «late splitters
lather sash and door maker — blockmaker
shingle packer. ..iron "molder...granit« cutter
$3 50, $3. $2 60 day come and 5ee........
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A WE PAY YOUR FARES
to 38 sawmills, etc
no experience wanted
197 men for 60 different jobs
from laborers to run machines
wage* from $26 to $40 and found
also lumber pliers, crosscut sawyers
tree fellers bark peelers. Jackscrewers...
woodsmen and millmen of every description,
$*0 $75, $65, $50, $45, $40, $30 and found; wood-
choppers, tlemakers. shingle bolt makers,
picket makers etc by the _?*_***_*••"-} ....
We D ay MURRAY & READY.
Your fares.. ■■..■■•■. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— BIG WAGES work.V.V.V.VSV ■■••• • • 75 •♦•••
26 laborern, inside work $2 to »-' if> aay
16 laborers, fare 50c *™
12 quarrymen, country ....... ... ;; ou
...............SPECIAL TO-DAY
197 laborers and teamsters for city and coun-
try jobs, $3, $2 TO. $2, $1 75 day; some by the
day, others factories, etc ■■•,••" ••••
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
COOKS. WAITERS. OTHER HELP.
HOTEL, LAUNDRY. BAKERY. ETC.
18 cooks $65, $60. $55, $40, $30 and found
14 waiters $30. $25, $20 and found
19 dishwashers $30. $25, $20, $15 and found
6 porters, bell and elevator b0y5..............
7 laundrymen and pantrymen. .$3O and found
Coatmaker; broilers; second, third and fourth
cooks; two first, four second: third hands and
3 boys to learn baking trade; $40. $35, $2 >, $-0,
$15 and found: five cooks and wives or men
together. $65, $55. $50, $40 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
687 POSITIONS NOT ADVERTISED.
5 farmers and wives; 3 milkers and wives,
$40 and found: see boss here.
Bcxmaker Crockery packers
edgeirnan. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay.
CARPENTERS BLACKSMITHS
7 blacksmiths' helpers, $2 50 day: $35, $40, $30
and found; city and country jobs
22 carpenters for a steady Job for 9 months,
country $3 day
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay at.
A— s GOLD Mines 6 Silver Mines
IS Other Mines
12 miners, machine drills, gold $75
16 miners, single hand drills, sliver.. s6o found
62 laborers, no experience required, $57 per
month. Including board and lodging
23 laborers, you will suit, fare $3 $63
16 laborers, you will suit, fare $2 50 $52 50
27 laborers, you will suit, fare $1 50.. 540 found
Great Crowds MURRAY & READY,
Going Dally 634-636 Clay st.
FARMS Dairies : Stables
26 plow teamsters $30, $26 and found
58 farm, orchard and vineyard hands, good
steady Jobs $30, $26, $25, $20 and found
12 milkers S3O, $25 and found
12 chnremen and boys.. s2o, $15, $10 and found
9 stablemen, buggy-washers, hostlers, har-
ness-cleaners, etc $50, $15, $10, $35, $30, $2.<
and found
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
A— WE ship you free Railroad work
155 teamsters, laborers $2 day
MURRAY & READY, 631-636 Clay st.
HOTEL man who thoroughly understands
rooming and office work; no bookkeeping;
Eastern man not barred; $100 a month and
found. Apply In person to C. R. HANSEN at
C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S^o4 Geary st.
EXPERT butter and egg salesman for whole-
sale house; $100 a month. Apply to C R.
HANSEN at C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S, 104
Geary st.
RESTAURANT cook, $65: meat and pastry
cook, country hotel, $50; third hand on bread,
city, $35 to $40; 2 pantrymen, country hotels, :
$20 and $25; 2 bakers' helpers, city, $25 to $30;
10 dishwashers and kitchen hands, $20. $25 and
$30; upstairs porter, hotel, $25. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
ENGINEER and machinist to take charge of
a hotel plant, $60 and found; teamsters and
laborers for the Valley Road, $2 a day, free
fare; 6 rough caipenters for a ranch, $1 50 a
day and found; harnessmaker, $30 and found;
farmers, $20 and $26; milkers, $25. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FREE FARE.... COAST ROAD.... FREE FEE
Teamsters and laborers; ship Thursday. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Farmer and wife, $45; young Scan-
dinavian; driver fnr milk wagon, $25 found;
farmers, $20 and $25; IS miners, $2 25 and $2 50
day; timbennan for mine, $2 75 day; fire-
man, $1 75 day; laborers for mines and quar-
ries, $2 day; woodsmen, $26 to $50 and board;
boy for country store. $10 and found; buggy-
washer, $50; butcher boy, $15 and found; and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— and wife, country hotel, $30;
second and third cooks, country hotel, $40
and $30; hotel cook, $30 to $CO, fare refunded;
second cook and broiler, first-class restau-
rant, $50; baker, country, $10 week; ranch
cook, Sonoma Co., $20; hotel cook, city, $10
week; restaurant cooks, waiters, dishwashers
and others. J. F. OROSETT & CO., 62S
Sacramento ft.
WANTED— At Goat Island, 15 carpenters, 5 tin-
ners, 5 plumbers' tinners and plumbers' help,
ers, graders; apply with tools and blankets,
ready for work, at Pier 7, tug Vigilant, 7:30,
9:30 and 2. CAMPBELL & PETTUS.
WANTED— Stenographer and typewriter as
office assistant. Americanized German pre-
ferred; American clothing salesman, $10
week and increase. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
2 TEAMSTERS, 3 laborers. Fourteenth aye.
and N st. south; take Kentucky-st. cars.
WANTED— Piano player by the month. O.
WEINHOLD, cor. Lombard and Lyon sts.
YOUNG man to learn saloon business.. South-
east cor. Clay and Davis ets.; references.
AN electrician wanted. Apply before 8 a. m.
or after 6 p. m. at NE cor. Point Lobos and
Fifth ayes.
COLLECTOR for Industrial Insurance route.
G. FLETCHER, 231 Twelfth St.; evenings.
A— YOUNG men to join Ayres' Business Col-
lege; have more positions than we can fill.
GOOD second fitter for suits and Jackets. E.
MESSAGER'S Cloak Store. 145 Post st.
WANTED— cabinetmaker to work on
showcases. 414 Market st. ; upstairs.
CARPENTER wanted. Apply at 900 Stock-
.' ton st.
WANTED— Lunch waiter at 623 Fourth street.
GERMAN clerk for grocery and bar. Geary
and Leavenworth.
YOUNG man for dining-room and chamber-
work. Crystal Hotel, 739 Fourth st.
BOY at 514 Valencia St.; one who can cut meat
and drive wagon.
VEGETABLE man wanted. 631 Clay street.
WANTED— Good coat hand to go to country-
steady work at good prices; must be sober
and reliable. Apply Detmer Woolen Co., 11 I
Sansome st.
ERRAND boy. J. COHN & CO., 775 Market
street.
BUSHELMAN and nresser; steady work At
428 Ninth St.. Oakland. '
GOOD shoemaker wanted; steady situation. S
J. Gray, 115 South Second St., San Jose.
WANTED— Good lunch waiter. 3 Jackson st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting- "> c
to 60c. 562 Mission st.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
BARBERS, attention— have several good
Jobs for 5c barbers, also for graduates and
lady barbers. 1205 Market st.
BARBERS— Neat 2-chair lr.c shop at a sacri-
fice: offer wanted. 503 Washington st.
BARBERS— For sale cheap; your own price.
Address box 252, Call office.
AMATEUR musicians wanted to play brass.
Apply at the Chutes between 10 and 12 a. m.
Tuesday.
COATMAKER wanted to take part of room at
935 Market st., room 16.
STRONG boy for tailor shop. 83 Third st.,
upstairs.
GOOD coatmaker wanted by week. 410 Kearny
St., room 35.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attor-
neys, Hearst bids.. Third and Market.
FIRST-CLASS tinsmith wanted. 555 Mission
street.
TO Tailors— Good coatmakers wanted. Apply
at 11 a. m. at the Stevenson-st. entrance.
CHAS. LYONS. London Tailor. 721 Market st.
WANTED— Dress, fancy, men's furnishing
salesman; also boy. 14 years, who resides
with his parents. Box 865, Call office.
WANTED— Sklrtmaker at SCHIMMEL &
STOVER'S. 408 Sutter St.
NOW open ßarbers' home; free employment
office; a social room connected for Journey-
men; bosses will be furnished free of charge
with first-class help. 1205 Market St., near
Eighth; telephone Main 51.
600 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 662 Mission at., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— A young man with large circle of
acquaintances as salesman in piano house.
Box £29. Call office.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 16c breakfast,
dinner or supper; best in city. 406 McAllister
St., near Polk.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices
, $1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO., 115 Kearny! j
HELP WANTED — MALE.
BARBERS' Protective Union— only legal A
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ, V
Employment Secy.. 630 Market, downstairs.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor,' still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired; constant practice; expert instruction:
lectures on dermatology; Saturday wages;
call or write for free Illustrated catalogue.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
MEN and women wanted to learn barber trad*
in 6 weeks: expert Instructions; Saturday
wages; call or write for catalogue. S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 741 A Howard st.
SAILORS and ordinary sexmen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart St.
BARBERS' Progressive Union: free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 1;,?.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c, 15c and 250
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard: read, rm.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market st., below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket' 700 rooms. 25c night: reading room: free
•bus nnd baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements ana
subscriptions has'been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK, Etc For Sale J
AUCTION — Well broken horses, direct from
the country; Tuesday, 11 o'clock. Ormond*
Stables, 1517 Mission St., S. ATKINS. Auc-
tioneer^^
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
827 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN *- DOYLE. Auctioneers.
60 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621
and 1625 Market st., between Twelfth and
Brady: also come fine matched black teams.
FOR sale— A number of work, road and busi-
ness horses. Tomklnson's Livery Stable, 57
Minna St.. bet. First and Second.
HOUSES LODGING— -FOKSALE.^
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 MARKET ST.
— OVER WONDER MILLINERY STORE —
14 rooms; $400 cash, bal. $10 month $600
23 rooms; will sell at auction about price
asked for house: elegnnt I"W|
31 rooms; facing 3 streets; only 1000
30 rooms; corner; rent $S0 l»-j'J
39 rooms: new sunny corner 13^0
MONEY TO LOAN AT 2 PER CENT
LODGING-HOUSE buyers— For genuine bar-
gains and honest treatment call on
SCHWEINHART & CO.. 1007' b Market. nr.6th.
OWNERS— I have a good fruit ranch to ex-
change for a lodging-house; will pay cash if.
needed. Address box 1347 Call office.
FURNITURE of 7-room and bath flat; house
full. 1036' i Folsom st.
BUSH, 421: furnished house of_ 4S rooms;
gas and water; partner wanted: $225.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. XJMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 MARKET ST.
HOUSES. 1 FLATS.
1914 Clay; 12 R.'. $75 2414 Pine; 7 R....532 50 v
ISI7 Broderlck; 9 R. 45 1525 Pine; 6 R.^. 27 50
1012 Geary; 7 R....32 50 j 1335 Howard; 6 R.... 21
123 Cedar aye.; 5 R 15! 2428 Geary; 6 R 20
$12 50—11 SUNNY rooms, bath: barn: garden;
chicken yard; at West Berkeley; railroad sta-
tion 1 block: 40 minutes from city. Inquire
WM. HENDRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call bldg.
FINE 2-story house; sunny side; 7 rooms.
1088 Union st. ___^
GUERRERO, 1118— Rent $40; modern house of
10 rooms, bath and laundry; large yard; sun
all day. Apply at 1136 Guerrero st.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
LAGUNA. 1717 and 1715 — Two sunny modern
houses, each of 8 rooms; bath; newly papered.
REDUCED to $48; S-room lodging house; 313
.O'Farrell. Apply 15 Grant aye. '
$12— HOUSE of 4 rooms: grand view; to a small
family only. 425 Fremont st., near Harrison.
LOST /AD FOUND.
LOST — From Valencla-st. car, package con-
taining black pocketbook, contracts, etc., and
papers of value only to owner, H. PERRIN.
Liberal reward at J. H. KING'S grocery,
cor. Twenty-second and Valencia sts.
LOST— Black and white Japanese pug; female.
Return to 2700 California St.; reward.
LOST— greyhound bitch. 1152 Oak St.; <
reward.
LOST— In San Rafaef, Sunday evening, &
leather suit case. Finder please leave same
with C. P. WARE and receive reward.
LOST— Gray telescope satchel with paperhang-
ins tools; reward. Address 3405 Twenty-
fourth st.
LOST— Sunday morning, umbrella; initials J.
E. B. Return to 7 Eighth st.; receive reward.
LOST— Ruby ring, bet. 10th and 14th, on Fol-
som. Return 252!) Harrison: reward.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH, ladies' physician; consul^
tation free; home in confinement: guaranteed
treatment at office, $5. 942 Post st, between
Hyde and Larkin; hours, 10 to 5, 7 to 8.
A STRICTLY private confinement home; sunny
rooms; best of care; nice garden. DR. AND
MRS. WEGENER. phone Pine 2751; residence
1312 Golden Gate aye.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies' physician, 1122 Mar-
ket gt., bet. Mason and Taylor; guaranteed
treatment at office, $5; hours a-m. to 5 p.m.
DRS. GOODWIN, formerly of 401 Van Ness aye.
and 1362 Market Bt.. has returned from Eu-
rope and is now at 118 Eddy st.
MRS. DR. GWYER, ladies' physician. 619
Eddy st., bet. Hyde and Larkin.'
HOME in confinement; treatment $5; consulta-
tion free. MRS. ALLEN. 228 Van Ness aye.
DR. POPPER, ladies' practical physician for
37 years. 318 Kearny st.; consultation free. -.
MRS. DR. DA VIES, ladies' physician. 1223
Market St., bet. Taylor and Jones.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MISCELLAXKOIS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, Id-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion st.. above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st!
DOMESTIC sewing machine; good order;
attachments complete. 1915 Mission, nr. l"th!
CHICKENS for sale; white Leghorn chicks-
also laying hens. 757 Railroad aye., Alam/la.
WANT to sell Domestic Sewing Machine;
nearly new; $20. Call 703 Polk st.
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants.
steamers-, residences; portable safety boxes;
specie chests; bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co., 109-111 Market st., S. F., Cal.
FRESH snowballs— "T. Carr" and all brands
English fire brick, fire clay, brick dust. S R
CHURCH, 807 Sansome St., tel. Main 6086.
8 HOISTING engines, 3 steamers, 5 locomotives
110 cars and all machinery used on Eureka
Breakwater. J. B. JARDINE. 220 Fremont.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats $1 75 Pop-
ular Prloe Hatters, 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
DESKS, office and card tables; desks repaired
or exchanged; furn. bought. 244 Stockton st.
DR CRBELY'S C. P. Worm Pills by all drug- -
gists, or Dog Hospital, 510 Golden Gate aye.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-421 Sacramento st.
DRESS oants. $2 75; fine suit - $10 - MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 613 Montgomery St.
BARS, counters, shelving, showcases bought and
sold. EIBEN, 1118 Mission; Tel. Jessie 1163.
2D-HAND doors, lumber, sash, etc, for pale
cheap; old houses bought, rem'd. 8 Valencia.
r>O T £ ou now of tools or machinery for sale?
EPSTEIN, 648 Mission, pays good commission.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
BOILERS, engines, lathes, wood planers. 12 and
■ 24 in.; gas eng.. 2,1 hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
SMALL second-hand lathe in good order: 6 or
*> Barnes preferred; state price. Box 987,
WANTED— Irish setter hunting dog; small pre-
ferred; well trained; state price and where
may be seen. Address box 225, Call office.
WANTED— To hire 100 first-class scraper teams
w 4- t / h^ harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
STONE. Elmhurst.
A— dies' or gents' clothing, furniture bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
LA ,W _ BOOKS bought, sold and exchanged at
mtUBBN'S, 420 Montgomery st., upstairs.
WANTED— Cheap for cash, a light hammerleis i
shotgun. No. 12 or 16 gauge. 1514 Broadway. 9
OLD gold, gold dust, platinum and silver
bought. H. Landecker & Co., lIS Montgomery.MONEY TO LOAN. j
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re- j
nioval, or any other good security; payable :
back in installments or as a whole; if you !
owe a balance on the purchase price wo will |
pay it and carry the loan :<* lon^ as you do- I
ire; avoid ie.l tape and publicity see us first; ]
you will bo waited up. >n quietly and quickly. I
Call CS-69 Donohoe bldg.; 117u Market st.
ANY amount at G per cent: Ist'. 2d and 3d mi rt-
»ra«ep, undivided intore=t.«. ri-n! estate in pro-
haie; nmi-tKaKep and lf>«cacl6B bought: no de-
lay: get my torms before doing business else-
■where. R. MjcCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. S. ]
ANY proprvsltinn: nny amount; 6 per cent: first,
second mortgage!".* estates in probate, interest !
in estates,^ legacies, life insurance: chattel
mo: tjrar.es; confidential; advice free. G. E
OLSKX, rorm 16, lirst llo.ir. Chronicle bldg.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak- !
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without I
removal; no commission: no delays. J. \
NOONANJ lf>l7 to 1013 Mission St., above :
Sixth; telephone South 14. ;
dVOID delays; try all others, then so° me; $30 to
$100,000; G :-r cent: Ist, 2d or chattel mort- i
i-aae>=: estatPln probate, undivided interests in 1
ost ate?, legacies and mortgages bought; advice
nnd money furnished. P. A. Dolan, G36 Markt.
HIGHLY respectable and private lace to oh-
tain lil>eritl advances on diamonds anil jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
St"re, £46 Market st.; telephone Main ]fi.(4;
branch 19 Third ;=t.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no rempval; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.; 130 Powell st.
OX reai estate. Ist or J<l mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal; any amount:
lowest rat.^s. BECKER, 26 Montgomery st.
'ASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out Indorser; also on diamonds, watches and
Jewelry. MORRELL, COS Kxamlner building.
ALL- propositions, small or large: salaries;
rents. KLOTII, 220 California st.. room 7.
LOANS on furniture. planos. : Jewelry, stock: low
_rates. J. H. EDSON. 1209 Broadway. Oakland.
A RELIABLE place to borrow money on dia-
monds, jewelry. W. ,T. HESTHAL. ' 10 Sixth.
(50 TO $50,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any pro pop itlon. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
E commission; private. LICK, lie McAllister st.
MONEY loaned salaried people on tiielr notes
without lndorser. TOUSLEY, 592 Parrott big.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money s"e H. MURPHY. 63" Market st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we asK you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
fame as if purchased for all cash: bargain*
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3 $4 and
So per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Bteinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
ets.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
FORTY years in business here has placed us in
position to serve you better than most others;
a fine assortment of Hazelton and other
j'ianos at lowest prices; a few used pianos at
bargains: a Steinway upright. Hard-
man, Chase Bros., Arion, i iewing Bros.
Fr«clals for this week: ares from $2.'> up.
The J. DEWING CO., 2d floor. Flood build-
ing. Fourth and Market sts.
A FEW bargains for this . ■■•■!?.
Three organs. $.'0 up.
Fteok: nearly new; walnut case.
5 squares, $40 up: J4 per month.
Four new Webers: reasonable offer accepted.
One (''nickering: mahogany cafe.
BENJ. CURTAZ & PON. 16 O'Farrell St.
ABSOLUTELY the lest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S
IG. 2S and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments cf all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tha
customer.
KNABE pianos; new p^al 1 ' 1 : new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. SO O'Farrell sv
DURING this week we offer all kinds of
musical Instruments at greatly reduced prices
to mako room for new stock: get "ur prices
befor buyins. ZEXO MAUVAIS Music Co..
7rt9 Market St.
A DECKER & SON ' — is the one to buy
when a first-class article is desired. For sale
on'y at MAITVAIS'; 76'> Market st.
FINE Steinway upright left by party; sacri-
ficed. Room 12. Flood building.
A— s4s^— UPRIGHT: almost new; $150 cash. Ap-
ply 2330 Folsom Rt.
A— sS5 — UPRIGHT piano in fine condition: also
:!.- famous II irnung Bros. 21<j McAllister st
A— UPRIGHTS. $f>3 up: installments. $5 75 up;
rents, $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 133 mils.
W. O. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
SMALL French uj.rieht pinno for sal? cheap.
2<i 1.a.-=kie Ft., off Mission, bet Eighth * Ninth
LARGE church organ u.ed at Mechanics' Fair;
a bargain. BYRON MAT.'ZY. SOS Post st.
PIANOS: great r-nnralns; $25, $3.\ $."*. $60. $200.
U31 l i Mission st.
BARGAIN— Good upright: cheap. •hmitz, 16
McAllister st., next Hibernia Bank,
S<~>HMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 309
Pom st.
CHEAP Pteinway upright: also he famous
Hornune Bros.' pianos. Hfi McAllister st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES — TO LET.
FOR rent — Large cement-floored basement,
- suitable for wine vault. Address box 714. Call.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD. pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. Gl>3 Geary st., -above Jones; classes;
off! •* hours, 1 ti> >> p. m. : reading by mall. $1.
PERSONALS.
YOUNG widower wishes acquaintance of a neat
young German Catholic lady who understands
dressmaking and plays zither; object matri-
mony. I'k-ase answer In 1 lei man, T. WER-
NKT. 742 Geary St., city.
GO t i LEDERER'SHalrdressing Parlors; latest
styles, 25c; halrdresslng at residence, $1 50;
price dressed, with shampoo, ;.oc: shampooing
hhort hair, 25c; manicuring, 25c. 123 Stockton.
MASSAGE given at your residence; 16 years'
experience; rheumatism successfully treated.
.A.ldreaa C. J. McLAUGHLIN. 507 Jones st.
MLLE. CLAIRE BERTRAND, manicure par-
lors. 23S Kearny St.. first floor, room 2-3.
ELEGANT remnants for suits, $10 75; pants,
iZ 7\ or overcoats, $12 50; made to order:
samples sent to Interior. One Price Tailoring
<'0.. K44 Market st.. St. Nicholas Hotel.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent. Tradmark
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Butter Bt.. Laws a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. ; American and Foreign
Send for circular. I Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st . near Market; 100 rooms;
25c tc. $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus ani baggage to and from the ferry.
WORKS of art worth $100,000 on exhibition at
Pala-V of Art, 10 Post st. Ladies with escorts
admitted from 8:30 p. m. to 11.30 p. m. E.
HAQUETTE.
SLAUGHTER in unredeemed pledges. Jewelry,
clothing, etc.. for amount loaned and inter-
est. CUT RATE LOAN OFFICE, 22 Mason.
MRP. BENNETT, 1165 Mission— Cancer cure 6
days; no knife, no caustics; references.
MRS. FONTAINE'S manicure parlor*: open
from 10 to 12 and 1 to 9 p.m. 326 A Ellis st.
ALL genti wishing to marry wealthy send 10c
for lateFt Hit. MRS. HERTZ*. 705 Ellis st.
HIRSrTINE CO.* hair specialists, grow hair
or no pay; book for stamp. 6 Eddy st.
DR. C. A. McQUESTEN has returned and re-
sumed practice. Office. 317 Powell st.
A KLEIN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools
and old gold; send for him. 109 Sixth st.
FRINGES, braids, beads and Jewels made to i
order. ETTINOER'S. 722 Market st.
ANTIQUE and curiosity shop: goods bought,
sold, exchanged. 825 Dupont St.. nr. Cal.
MKS.L J.WHF.ELOCK has removed La Verlte !
Parlors to 1)40 Market; phone Folsom 446.
PAINTING arid paper hanging: rooms papered, i
J2 10 "p. JENSEN & BATH. 208 Sixth st.
INCRUSTATION— New Invention for china dec- j
orators. Sen p. R. CHURCH. 307 Bansome st. !
"BALL-HF>ARING" sewing machines; no fric- i
tion. White Sewing Machine Co.. 300 Post st. ;
MME. LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed ;
from O'Farroll to 132 E'ldy st.
LACHMAN ft CO.. mfrs. of fine furs and seal :
garments; also remodeling. 104 amy st.
IF you wish Cull value for your cast-off cloth- '
ing, call on 8.1 COHEN, 157 Third st. 1
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no lnjec- '
tlon; guarantd. Dr. Gordln. 514 Pine.ab.
SUITS to o'-der on eaey Installments. L. i
LEMOS, 111" Market St.. bet 7th and Sth.
WANTF.D-Old gold for manufs O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell. net. well «V Mason |
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
FINEST and fullest stock; square deal and
prompt service; country orders our si>"(-ialty;
catalogue free. ' '■•11. Camera Co.. 22 Geary st.
4 ; .- PHYSICIANS AMI SURGEONS.
DR C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
iii2i% Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — SALE.
STORAGE ON RAILROAD TRACKS.
LARGE WAREHOUSE
TO RENT.
KING. BERRY AND SIXTH STS.
Lot 275x275 feet; building Is 275x150 in siie,
and spur double tracks from King st. run into
rear of warehouse; will fix up or alter ware-
house to suit tenant; will rent as a whole or
in sizes to suit.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
Real Estate Agents, 5 Montgomery st.
NEW CORNER FLATS
$4S0O; RENT $540 A YEAR :
$1000 CASH, HAL. MONTHLY
Five and nine rooms each, with all modern
conveniences. F. NELSON, builder. corner
Twentieth and Castro sis.
FOR sale — A 6-room (and bath) rear house; lot
20x61 feet, with 3:8x04 feet entrance; 407 Thir-
tieth Et.. bet. Noe and Sanchez: price $r>so,
$100 cash, $15 a month with interest; a great
bargain. OWNER. 741 Castro st.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First aye., and you wish to sell them,
call on W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery St.
FOR rale— Business property on Howard St.,
near Fourth: renting for $130 per month. See
Bew Drue Company. Alameda.
$ISCO— SI4 per month: 4 room?. 3-foot basement,
barn, stalls for 2 horses; lot 30:3 by 114 feet.
Particulars 109 Thirtieth st.
HOUSE and lots for sale. Apply 919 Bryant.
owner, between Seventh and Eighth.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY Sale
FOR sale 600 acres of grazing or dairying land
in southern part of Humboldt County, Cal.:
large outside pasture; good climate; plenty of
wood and water; long time if desired. MAR-
TIN R. JAGER, 110 Taylor Ft.
TO lease— Contra Costa County, on San Pablo
Creel;, S miles from Berkeley, 1150 acres; well
watered, wooded; 2."0 acres pood grain land;
balance excellent pasture; suitable milk or
stock ranch: railroad facilities. In person
R. E. ROWLAND. Orinda Park.
20 ACRES: produced 9 tons of dried fruit and
30 tons of hay. this season; good house and
other buildings. T. A, BELL, room 612, Ex-
aminer building:.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BARTLETT, 137— Furnished parlors with use
of dining-room and kitchen; applicants re-
ceived 3 days.
BUSH, l2i\ 'V Four furnished rooms for house-
keeping with bath: private entrance.
BUSH. 2f«"i>— 2 nicely furnished sunny front
rooms.; light housekeeping; adults only.
CALIFORNIA, 2323— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms, all modern conveniences, bath, gas,
com] for housekee ping: also sunny rooms
for gentleman; a quiet comfortable home.
CHESTNUT, 2^3—2 or more furnished rooms
for housekeeping; cheap; fine house; cor, bldg.
CLAY. 2421. in rear, near Filitnore — 2 unfur-
nished upper rooms; water; rent $7.
EDDY. 473 — 2 or 3 rooms, with 2 closets, pantry;
furnished complete.
ELLIS 322— Modern housekeeping apartments;
newly furnished; 2, 3 or 4 rooms.
FIFTH. 353— Furnished housekeeping; 3 con-
necting. $13; also single, $3 to $7.
FOURTH, 21i." — Furnished room tor light house-
keeping; nlso single.
FIFTH, 34S— Suite of rooms, furnished for
housekeeping; complete: rent cheap.
FULTON. 218. cor. Van Ness— 2 furnished flats;
2 and 3 rooms; running water; coal and gas
range.
GOLDEN GATE AYE., 1404— Sunny front room
fur housekeeping; reasonable; folding bed.
HOWARD. 728—2 sunny connecting housekeep-
ing rooms; also sunny sleeping room; rea-
sonable.
LARKIN, 326— Clean sunny housekeeping apart-
ments; $16 to {Zl per month: central.
MARTHA place— Two well furnished sunny
rooms; complete for housekeeping; yard.
MCALLISTER. 424— Nice sunny rooms furnished
for hounekeei.inK; resp. family; price $15.
MCALLISTER. 612 — Elegantly furnished sunny
parlor suite; bath; kitchen: desirable loeat'n.
MISSION, 561. near Second— Furnished house-
• keeping rooms; also single; cheap.
NINTH 119 -Beautiful sunny rms. ; nicely fur-
nished: Jl 25, $." week; also •-■k'p: phone.
POLK, 1620 — Two connecting furnished rooms;
housekeeping; also bedroom ; cheap.
POST, 2607 — 3 rooms; furnished for housekeep-
ing; modern Improvements; $12 50.
SHOTWELL, Two sunny connecting rooms.
complete for housekeeping; gas and bath.
STOCKTON. 608- Nice sunny rooms, single or
double, furnished or unfurnished; also house-
keeping.
BUTTER, 191— Sunny bay-window room for
hourekffplng; reasonable.
THIRD, HI (Dolan House)— Sunny front rooms:
complete for housekeeping.
THIRD. 316— Housekeeping rooms. $1 75 and $2
a week.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky i-t a . Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
ROOMS TO LET Furn. and 1 nfani.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at th-j
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky st«. Open till 9 p. m.
AN up-to-date new fire-proof building—'
Antonio": opening Oct. 14; electric elevator;
hot and cold water; radiator and coal grates;
rates reasonable. 21 Taylor st., near Market.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, Ml Sixth— Rooms,
26c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms EOc to $150 day. MRS. J. KING.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu- .
nished rmi., isuites. single; also unfurnished.
CARROLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner; well furn. rms. & offices.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 123 (United States Hotel)— Clean, neat
rooms; $1 50 week up; elevator day and night.
EDDY, 2C9— Newly furnished large sunny front
room; with German family.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Comfortable furn.
rooms: accommodated. MRS. HYER.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1528 — 3 unfurnished
rooms, pantry, bath; $13.
GRAND SOUTHERN— Southeast cor. Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
Single; ladles' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House, 781" Mission— Select family
reoming house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
HARRISON, 784>4, near Fourth— fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; all latest Im-
provements; $1 week up.
HOWARD. 715 — 200 sunny rooms; nicely fur-
nished; every convenience: electric lights.
HUGHES House. 214 Third— Newly renovated;
25c to 50c per night; $1 50 to $3 per week.
JESSIE, 315/4— Nicely furnished rms.; modern
conveniences; must be Been to be appreciated.
KEARNY, 230— Single sunny front suits and
housekeeping rooms; also office*.
MARKET, 10574, "Epworth"— Large front and
email room: also kitchen; ladles' and gents'
parlors; heated; $6 up.
McALUSTBR, 641— Nicely furnished front
rooms; quiet and homelike: gents preferred.
MCALLISTER, 705%— Bunny furnished or un-
furnished rooms; suite or single; private fam.
MINNA. 991, corner Eighth— furnished
bay-window room: $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 1150— Nice, sunny rooms, well fur-
nished, neat, quiet and homelike.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis Kt. Incandescent
light, reading-room, smoking-room and
ladles' parlor, rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50;
week, $2 to $8: month, $S to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot, cold wat.; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 25 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
THE O«ks. 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good, people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
THIRD, Housekeeping rooms. $2 per week;
also single rooms for men, $1 per week.
TURK. S36— Corner alcove room overlooking
Jefferson square; sun all day; private family;
references.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia «t.
""rooms wanted.
LADY wishes sunny unfurnished room In
rooming-house north of Market. A<tdress
box 280, Call office.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 141 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairlng at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post, cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
THE SAN FRAISCISCO CAUL. TUESDAY, OCTOBER 24. 1899.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 520 Lake st. has received the
following orphans and half orphan girls from
1 July 1 to October 1, IS',<9: Frances G. Mc-
I Kewen. aped 9 years; Leila Marlon G. Keyse. 1
aged 10 years; Grace Beaver, aged 7 years;
Doris Eugenia Wright, aged 12 years; Jane
Grace Robinson, aged 12 years.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up;
painting done Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st. !
NICE private home in confinement; most rea-
sonable price In city. Mrs. M. Pfeiffer, mid-
wife. 2012 Folsom, nr. l«th; phone White 1344
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made; j
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION (
CO.. 415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5620.
WATCH REPAIRING.
WATCHES cleaned 75c; guaranteed 2 years.
The Roy Jewelry and Optical Co.. 540 Kearny.
SWAPS-BIG AND LITTLK.
' WANTED— To exchange camera complete for
bicycle: will pay cash to boot or opera glass.
j H. BAIN. .VI Twentieth 6t.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1300— 60x150, with large cottage of 6
rooms and bath: stable, windmill, tank. etc.
$2500— Lot 40xllj; fine 2-story house S rooms
and bath; near station: must be sold at once;
I worth $4000.
$2Soo— Lot 40x160, on Morten st., bet. the rail-
roads, with tine new modern cottage 7 rooms;
; $500 cash, balace $25 per month.
$S3")o— Lot WxloO; Morton st.. near Santa
Clara aye.; elegnnt new house of 8 rooms;
$500 cash, balance $30 per month. Houses to
let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL £ CO.. 1132 Park at
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
HOUSE 6 rooms: bath; rent $15. 2113 Clem-
ent aye.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND HOARD.
HOME for ladles in delicate health: large
grounds; private. MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Sth.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
ONLY $1575— Cottage house of 5 rooms; large
lot: on the sunny side of street; only 5 min-
utes' from university; a bargain. JOS. J.
MASON, Real Estate, adjoining postoffice,
I Berkeley.
A NEW map of beautiful Berkeley, showing
the proposed extension of the university
grounds, can h<» had by sending a 2c stamp to
JOSEPH J. MASON, Real Estate, adjoining
P. P.. Berkeley.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY BOUSES TO LET.
! FOR rent, in desirable location, house of nine
rooms, bath, laundry and storeroom, with
(table, chicken-house and large yard: con-
venient to trains and university grounds. Ap-
ply to J. Jt. LITTLE. Berkeley station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 9O3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
A— s73 CASH, $7 50 monthly; 118x515 feet; grove
of trees: 300 feet new 6-foot high board fenc-
Ing; fronting on 3 streets; single dwelling;
just the thing for a bachelor; site, climate
and soil none better: plenty of good water;
near electric cars; 90-foot wide boulevard; !
schoolhouse; price $600 in all: Aliendale Tract, i
Adjoining East Oakland Call or send for cir-
cular, (65 Seventh St., near cor Broadway.
Oakland; carriage free. HENRY Z. JONES.
Owner.
BARGAINS lots In Fruitvale and San
Loandro Road Tract, near Fruitvale station;
electric cars, schools; homes built; easy
terms; nothing like them. H. B. PINNEY.
Agent, room 9, 905 Broadway, Oakland.
SACRIFICED -4 elegant new houses in course
of construction on ZM st., bet. Grove and
West; all modern Improvements: street work,
sidewalks done: small payment down: balance
monthly if desired houses open for Inspection
10 to 4 Sundays J. H. SIMPSON, 515 20th.
j FOR sale New house of 9 rooms on Fruitvale
ave>.; 10 minutes' walk from station; lot S^x
ISO; horse, surrey and cart and carpets; must
sell. Box 811. Call.
OAKT.AXI) lIOUSKS TO 1.X.1
HANDSOME residence. 9 rooms, bath, barn; 559
j 24th. Inquire R. Franke. 1622 Grove; rent low.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Shellhaas, the
furniture dealer, lltli and Franklin, Oakland.
I —^^— — ■— — —^— I— .
. FRI'ITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL - jTATE.
$200 CASH, $11 20 monthly, will buy a lovely
home; modern house of 9 rooms, bath, pantry,
closets, sanitary plumbing; large lot; best
neighborhood; lovely surroundings; can pass
the door; sewered, street work all done; city
water; climate the best; price, all told, $2000;
let us show you this home; will consider -x-
change. H. Z. JONES, owner. 455 Seventh
St.. ncir cor. Broadway, Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
1 DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 98 (50c per
share) of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COM-
PANY will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market St., on and after
WEDNESDAY, November 1, USB. Transfer
books will close on THURSDAY. October 26,
1599, at 3 o'clock v. m.
■ E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
FRUIT AND VEGETABLE FARM IN SAC-
RAMENTO COUNTY FOR SALE.
REFEREE'S SALE IN PARTITION.
On Wednesday, November 1, ISM, at 11:30
a. m., under a decree of sale of the Superior
Court of Sacramento County, made October 8,
1899, In a partition suit of the heirs of the late
CHRISTOPHER STROTHMANN. in which
CAROLINE STODIEK is plaintiff and
CATHERINE NIEDERQUELLE et al. are
defendants, the following described property
wll! be sold in one parcel at public auction
to the highest bidder for cash, subject to
confirmation by the court:
"All of Swamp Land Survey No. 287 and the
northerly 67.99 acres of Swamp Land Survey
No. 2G9 of the official surveys of swamp and
overflowed lands of Sacramento County, con-
taining 175.02 acres." being the farm of the
said STROTHMANN. Sale will be made on
: raid land.
Immediately after the sale of said land, the
livestock, farming utensils, etc., of said farm
•will be sold.
This farm Is situate on the Sacramento
River, about 9 miles from Sacramento. 4 miles
below Freeport. It has upon it a house and
a good barn, about DO acres upland, the re-
mainder lowland: appraised In the Superior
Court of Sacramento In the matter of the
estate of said Strothmann, deceased, at $26,- j
370. Assessed for IS9S: Land, $10,000; Improve-
ments. $2000. There are 2777 bearing fruit trees
on the farm and 278 non-bearing.
Further information will be firlven at the
: office of McKUNE & GEORGE, attorneys for
referee, Sacramento, and at the office of the
undersigned. LOEWY & GUTSCH.
Attorneys for heirs, 603 California St., San
Francisco.
October 17, 1899.
IN the Superior Court of the city and county
of San Francisco. State of California. In th»
matter of WESTERN BEET SUGAR COM-
PANY, a corporation, upon its application for
a Judgment of dissolution. Notice— Notice Is
hereby given that WESTERN BEET SUGAR
COMPANY, a corporation organized and ex-
isting under and by virtue of the laws of the
i State of California, and having its office and
place of business in the city and county of
San Francisco. State of California, has filed
; a verified application addressed to the Supe-
rior Court of the city and county of San
Francisco. State of California, praying for
a Judgment of dissolution of said corporation,
and that MONDAY, November 13, 1599, at 10
! o'clock a. m.. at the courtroom of said court.
Department No. 2. In the City Hall of the
city and county of San Francisco, have been
; appointed as the day. time and place for the
hearing of raid application.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
. hand and affixed the official seal of said Su-
perior Court this 10th day of October 1893.
WM. A DEANE. Clerk.
By E. M. THOMPSON, Deputy Clerk.
rPenl.l
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
'. Charles H. Hooper and Ellen Klenbarts.. .41-45
Major C. Fredenburs and Myra Keefe 23-19
' Felix Wilson and Charlotte koerner 27-20
Primo A. Gnsparl and Letuna R. Palmlert.. 27-19
, James A. Johnston and Margaret Maloney.. 25-24
John Taggart and Mary O'Neill 34-25
, Charles 6. Fowler and Stacla Breen 31-22
W. F. A. Hood and Elizabeth Klrkpatrlck.. 3l-24
Joseph F. Drennan and Catherine H0gan... 26-22
1 Frank P. < "union and Mary Toohlg 31-21
J. W. Slade and Bertha A. Slack 32-30
i John J. Ferro and Amelia A. Loren*.. 25-22
C. II A. Soper and Emma A. Neugabauer. 29-21
i Daniel O. BJorhoode and A. Wilhelmlna
[ Askerlind 22-22
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN. •
FRIEDMAN— this city. October 19. 1899. to
the wife of M. E. Friedman, a son.
HILBOURN— In Oakland, October 22, 1899, to
the wife of T. O. Hllbourn, a son.
HOFFMANN— In this city, October 9. 1899. to
the wife of C. C. Hoffmann, a son.
PICKERING— In this city, October 11, 1899, to
the wife of E. A. Pickering, a son.
MARRIED.
BJORHOODE— ASKERLIND— In this city, Oo-
tober 22. 1399, by the Rev. F. A. iv,ane, Dan-
iel P.jorlioode of West Berkeley. Cal., and
' Anna Wllhelmino Askerlind of San Francisco.
FRANK-SCHNEIDER— In this city, October
22, 1899, by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto, Mltchel L.
Frank of San Francisco and Flora Schneider
of Marysvllle.
EHRENWERTH— In this city. Oc-
tober 22. 1899, by the Rev. J. G. Mangold,
Anthony Oswald and Adelheld Ehrenwerth.
STANLEY— ENGELKE— In this city, October
IS, 1599, by the Rev. C. V. Anthony. D.D.,
James F. Stanley of Santa Rosa and Alice
Engelke of San Francisco.
WATKINS— WILLIAMS— this city, October
13, 1899. by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Harry
Watklr.s and Essie Williams.
"died!
Bernstein, Julius C. Malley, Thomas J.
Bonestell. Mary S. Marks. Mrs. Johanna
Clark. Mrs. N. S. Mlchaelis, George
(Joss?, German A. Miley, Lieut. Col.
Griffin. Hugh John D.
Haskell, George S. Mueller, Charles
Hessler, John Murphy, Jeremiah
HowHI. Leverett Peggs, John T.
Reegan, Peter Satchwell, John
Leavltt, Mary Staengel, Eberhart
Li- Claire. John Tallant. Nathaniel
Larrsen. Minnie Tasker, Augusta
McCawley, Emma Wyatt, Joseph D.
BERNSTEIN— In this city, October 22, 1899,
Julius ('. Bernstein, beloved father of Slr-
mund, August, Leah and Louis Bernstein, a
native of Germany, ag-ed 59 years 2 months
and 5 days.
MEMBERS and friends of America Council No.
7. O. C. F-. are requested to attend the fu-
neral of our late friend. Julius C. Bernstein,
this day (Tuesday.) at 10:30 o'clock, from his
late residence. 718 Fulton street. Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery.
J. M. MORAIS. Sec.
MEMBERS of Laurel Grove and the Grand
Grove, IT. A. O. D., are requested to attend
the funeral.
BONESTELL— In this city. October 23, 1899,
Mary S.. beloved wife of L. H. Bonestell.
[[^Funeral services private
CLARK— In Uvermore, Cal., Mr-. N. S. Clark,
daughter of Mr. T. Klter of Portland, Or.,
and sister of Mrs. Charles Kaufman of San
Francisco, aged & years.
IlirFup.eral services at Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery this day (Tuesday), at 11:30 o'clock.
Friends are Invited to attend.
GOES— In this city, October 23. 1899, German
Adolfo Qoss, a native of Mexico, aired 40
years 4 months and 14 days.
GRIFFIN— In this city. October 22. 1899, Hugh
Griffin, a native of Moycullen, County Gal-
way. Ireland, aged 6S years and 7 months.
(Washington, D. C, papers please copy.)
C rThe funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 8:15 o'clock, ■ from the parlors
of the United Undertakers, 27 and 2b Fifth
Etreet. thence to St. Peter's Church, Twenty-
fourth and Alabama streets, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul at 9 o'clock. Interment National
Cemetery.
HASKELL— In this city. October 22, 1893,
George S., beloved husband of Mary L. Has-
kfi!. a native of 18 ton, Mass.. aged 07 years.
tC7The funeral will take place tills day
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 310 Scott street. Interment Mount Oli-
vet Cemetery.
HESSLER this city, October 22. 1593, John,
beloved husband of Annie Hessler, and father
of John Henry, Mary Ellen and George Ed-
ward Hessl a native of Stockholm, Sweden,
aged 62 years 5 month? and 20 days.
CTTri'ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday.) at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 2149 Larkin street. Interment National
Cemetery. Presidio.
HOWELL— In this city, October 22. 1899, at the
residence of Mrs. C. a. Fisher. Leverett
II iwell, Past Commander of Lincoln Post No.
1. G. A. R., a native of New Haven, Conn.,
need 71 years 7 months and I day.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday) at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street.
Interment I. O. O. 1". Cemetery.
KEEGAN— In this city. October 22, 1899, Peter,
beloved husband of Maria Keegan, and father
of Mamie Keeitan, a native of County Ar-
magh. Ireland, aged 68 years. .
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday) at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resl-
dence, 4MB Jessie street, between Fifth and
Sixth, thence to St.- Patrick's Church for
services. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
Plea omit flowers.
LEAVITT— In this city, October 21. 1899, Mary.
beloved wife Of the late Charles H. Leavitt,
and mother of Isabella Joslln, Arabella Fow-
ler an.l Samuel H. Leavltt, a native of Ire-
land, aged GO years. (Placer County papers
plense copy.)
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 414 Fulton street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
LE CLAIRE— In the City and County Hospital,
October 23. 1599, John Le Claire, a native of
Pennsylvania, aged 58 years.
LARSSEN— In this city, October 22, 1899. Min-
nie, infant daughter of Charles and Julia
Larrsen, a native of San Francisco.
McCAWLET— In Santa Rosa, October 20, 1899,
Emma, beloved daughter of Mary E. Mc-
Cawley, and Bister of. Mrs. Belle Lee and
Edgar McCawley.
MALLEY— In this city, October 22. 1899,
Thomas J.. beloved son of Thomas and Alice
Malley, and brother of Margaret, J. J., Pat-
rick and C J. Malley, Mrs. E. ODea and
Mrs. J. J. Hughes, a native of County Kil-
dare, Ireland, aged 32 years 9 months and 7
days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & Knell.-h, 41 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness
avenue, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at '.'.'(■■ o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
MARKS— In this city, October 22, 1899, Mrs.
Johanna Marks, a native of Posen, Germany,
aged 74 years and 6 months. (Sacramento pa-
pers please copy.)
Ury Th.-« funeral will take place thin day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of her son, S. M. Marks, 2527 ETUlmore street.
Interment Hills of Eternity Cemetery by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets. By request please omit flowers.
MICHAELIS— In this city. October 21. 1599.
George Michaelis, beloved husband of Helene
Mlchaelis, and father of George E.. Emile
and Tlllie Michaells and Mrs. Richard T.
Kessler. a native of Rauenstein, Germany,
aged 65 years 8 months and 18 days. A mem-
ber of Vercin Eintracht; G"rmania Stamm
No. S3. U. O. K. M , and Yerba Buena Lager
No. 8, U. O. R. M. (New York papers please
copy.
r Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tueeday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 3117 Sacramento street. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
MILEY-In Manila, Philippine Islands, Septem-
ber 19, 1899, Lieutenant Colonel John D.
Mlley. Inspector General, U. S. volunteers, a
native of Illinois.
ICTFrlends are Invited to attend the funeral
from the chapel of the Presidio this day
(Tuesday), at 8 o'clock. Interment National
Cemetery, Presidio.
MUELLER— In this city, October 22, 1899,
Charles Mueller, a native of Hamburg, Ger-
many. aged 47 years 8 months and 24 days.
(CTFrlend*-- and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Theo Dlerks. 957 Mission street, interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MURPHY— In this city, October 23. 1899. Jere-
miah, dearly beloved brother of Nellie Mur-
phy and Mrs. Joseph Murphy, and brother-in-
law of Officer J. F. Murphy, a native of Mr-
Coom, County Cork, Ireland, aged 28 years
and 6 months. (Boston papers please copy )
'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday
October 26, at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his sister, Mrs. Joseph F Murphy
1812 Fillmore street, thence to St. Dominic's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
PEGGS— In Salinas, October 22. 1599. John T.,
beloved son of the late James and' Catherine
Peggs, and brother of James Peggs and Mrs
E. Guenley, a native of San Francisco, aged
27 years 5 months and 19 days.
[E7Notlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the residence of his sister, Mrs. E. Guen-
ley, 1168 Fourteenth street, between Howard
and Folsom.
SATCHWELL— this city, October 52. 1899
John, beloved husband of the late Margaret
Satchwell. a native of England, aged 69 years
1 month and 26 days. A member of Golden
Gate Lodge No. 80, F. and A. M., and Veteran
Volunteer Firemen's Association.
tC7Frlends and acquaintances are r*>sp<»ct-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
: (Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of his sister-in-law; Mrs. Mary McCollough
ft Webster street, between Hermann and
Waller, thence to the Masonic Temple, corner
Poet and Montgomery streets, where services
; will be held, under the auspices of Golden
Gate Lodge No. 30. F. and A. M , commenc-
ing at 2 o'clock. interment Masonic Ceme-
tery.
OFFICERS and members of the Veteran Volun-
teer Firemen's Association will please assem-
ble at headquarters, 24 Fourth street, to-mor-
HfcNRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EIIBALMERS,
tO Filth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 6*
row CWednesday), at 1 o'clock, to attend the
funeral of our late brother. John Saichwell.
By order STEPHEN BTNNKK. Pres.
STAENGKL— In this city. October 22. 1899,
Eberhart Staengcl. dearly beloved husband of
the late Franoisca Staengei, and father of
Anna. Amelia and < uto Staengel. Mrs. G.
Oherß and Mrs. J Steffens. a native of Stutt-
gart, Germany, aged 77 years 3 months and
29 days.
C.T' Friends and acquaintances and Veterans
of the Mexican War are respectfully Invited
to attend the funeral this day (Tuesday), at
2 o'clock, frim his late residence, 1432 Pacific
street. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
TALLANT— In Astoria. Or.. October 21, 1899.
Nathaniel W. Tallant. brother of E. W. Tal-
lant cf Astoria. Or., and Mrs. S. F. Smith
of Sun FYancisco, a native of Nantucket.
Mas:*., aged 67 years ft months and 26 days.
ET' Not ice of funeral In Wednesday morn-
Ing's paDers.
TASKER— In this city, October 23, 1899, Au-
gusta, beloved wife of Dennis Tasker. slßter
of Mrs. C. J. Burceas and Eugene W. Bur-
rls, and aunt of Mrs. Ida Anderson, a native
of San Francisco, aged 44 years.
(CyFTionds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of the California rmWtaklng Company. 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
WYATT— In L.« Alamoe. October 21, 1899. Jo-
seph D.. beloved husband of Eva Wyatt, and
brothfr of John P. Wyntt, a native of Canada,
aged 34 years.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
L Wartenberg, Ls Ang. ll .1 Farrell. Victoria
P P Murtha. San Jose ;R Quartermass, w, i.'al
Mrs Armstrong Pacto W F Hatfleld & w Cal
,T .1 Buchanan. Sacto G H Gler. Hartford
P F Butler, Napa 8 D Craig. Vacaville
W F Cavett, Plnolo ( H Hemsath, Arizona
C,A Brown. Los Ang 'C R Armstrong-, Cal
H Jansen Reno IO A Banmal»l*r. lowa
W H Joy, Oregon M Thairwall ft w, Cal
II F I>epke &w. 11l IC Brown. Cat
PALACE HOTEL.
M H Curley, Boston Mrs Mead. New York
| E P Foster, Vernon F W Teeple, Chicago
Mi? Foster, Vernon II X Gregory, L Angr
i M J Ricker, L Ang H Hahn. Portland
II B Wood. San Jose Mrs II R Beuell.l
1 A Hill. London MiFs I Humphrey, ? D
M B Scott, USX S \v Dorsey, L Ang
\Y E T Miller, L Ang Mis* L Dorsey, L Ang
J Colquhoun. L An.;; E T Miller. Visalia
i G Fletcher, Grass Val W Graham, Spokane
F Searls, »N>vada <"y T Flint. San Juan
W F Enplebright. Cal D T Perkins. Hueneme
, B S Rector, Nevada Cy P L Schumah, Chgo
i G A Legg, Nevada Cy F N Banksdale, Pa
1 Q M Harris, X S Juan J It Phillips. Jackson
II C Bchroeder. Nev 0 W W Hush. USX
B X Mast, L Angeles W C Peyton, S Cruz
I-: W Chapman, Ama'lr W E Brothers. X V
J Butler, Nevada '3 E Vincent, Mich
n P Jenkins. Stanford !O Nileo, Mich
Mrs C m Jenkins. Stnf jS R Plum. New York
' T J Edge. Pa Misses Plum, N V
Mrs T J Edge, Pa D C Oilman, Baltimre
A P Bradford, Oakland I Mrs Gilman. Baltimore
H Loomis. L Angeles .1 \Y Befton, Pan Diego
}: J D E Hart. I'ortlna Mrs Sefton, San Diego
X II Black. Seattle Mrs J \V Sefton Jr, San
H .T Mead. .New York I Diego
GRAND HOTEL.
i J H Tlbbetts. Ariz If P Atha. Cleveland
J C Managhs, Fla \\V V Newlln, L Ang
W M Atkinson, U S N 3 0 Koepple, L Ang
A 35 Eastwood & w.IRL Craig, L Angeles
! Newcastle IF W Brown, I, Ang
V C de la Estvllle. iD II Jones, Blue Lake
Ralston C C Reynolds, I, Ang
T. 7 Nichols. Auburn B F Wrlfht, Monterey
I J C BoggS, Newcastle V F Ward. Tulare
I H s Power, Auburn .1 Beech, Mtddletown
i W li Long, Nevada CylC A Weaver. Cal
! Miss E Morton. Sacto IMiss .1 II Tlbbetts. Cal
D Tlnkell & w, Nev Cy Mrs X Dunbar, Stktn
| .! W Dunlap, Mich Hlff V 3 Harris & w, Cal
. A J Burton, Walnut Cr T 0 Evans. Portland
! J Harking. Grass Val J E Festus. Phoenix
! C II Auger, Spokane H E Rickert. Placervll
J M Peart, w & s. Col- T G Walker. Cal
lege City M Isaacs, lone
J Boedefeld, Colusa R H Stoddard, lone
II Morris, Colusa .1 Frlendrnan. Cal
H Dana. Alameda |F Alkln, Napa
J Kullman. Benicia G Alkin. Napa
F It Leonard, Nome M A Cole, New York
1! Blakeslee. Nome C R Cole. New York
E J Fisher. Nome [M I! St John. 111
I J H Donnelly, Nome 0 V Woodward. N V
J T Johnston. S Barbra Q Alexander, Healdabg
A 0 Sulberg, Everett W E Bunker & w, Cal
P a Dineome, CaJ IF J Bmather, St Louis
Mrs J W Dlnsmore, Sal R M Corwlne, Washgtn
Mrs J MeCann. Cal Dr F Plank, Mexico
Miss Denny. Olema M a Long, I, Ann
A H Denny, Olema C M Taylor, Ariz
<; Goldsmith. L Ang .1 R Owen & w.Newton
! M Clemens, QrantsPase w H Clark, Dalton
Mist V A Swetnam,Cal:Mrs II Knltz. Seattle
II X Brown, Portland JMlfr Knits, Seattle
.1 M Ber^n, St I^ouls ID J Grunnell, Chicago
! W A Bpntley. St lyiulsiw H West, Deming
: C X Tower. HuntinstniF Partridge, Colusa
X Schlesslnger, Chgo 8 J Hebbron. Salinas
i N E Newhouse & w, • J II Morgan & w, Chg
Baker City W B Oarrett, Colusa
;G E Oard, L Angeles Mrs E C Heart, Colusa
Mrs M E McClure. Cal IP Clark. Rio Vista
II Wittenberg. Portlnd!
A MODEL STORE BUILDING.
Goldberg. Bowen & Co. Have Taken
Possession of Their New
Quarters.
The site of the old Vniing Men's Christ
ian Association building has bei a taken
possession of by Goldberg, Bowen & Co.,
which lias moved from Its former loca
tion across Slitter street to the building
the company fitted up for itself on the
old association property at 230 and .'34 Sut
ter street, which it recently purchased.
The building h:\s been fitted up with a
view to the special needs of the com
pany's business, and nothing has !>• en
omitted that would add to its conveni
ent. The first floor is done in maple.
With plate glass counter tops and lighted
by large plate glass windows that take
ill' nearly the entire front of the store.
California marble i? extensively used In
the Interior linings and the fixtures are
all done in artistic iron work. Just in
side the main doorway is the seal of the
house beautifully inlaid in the stone floor.
The stock has been arranged in depart
ments, and the coarser goods have been
relegated to. the basement. Bach depart
ment has its own distinctive decoration,
iind the arrangement is such that the
greatest amount of the stock can be put
on exhibition without encroaching on the
aißli space and crowding the patrons.
The building runs back to Berry street,
where the receiving and delivery wagons
take or leave their loads, leaving the
front of the Store unobstructed by freight
or wagons along the sidewalk.
The basement has been fitted up in the
most convenient manner possible: it is
large and airy and well lighted, and capa
ble of housing an immense stock.
Altogether the store is in every way
one of the most modern and best ap
pointed store buildings In the city. The
decorations throughout are most artistic,
and the effect f the care with which the
general plan of decoration has I n car
ried out Is evident. So far as an example
of the conveniences possible in a modern
store is concerned, the new building is
in every way a model.
LIKE SHYLOCK OF OLD.
Mrs. Mary Leishman Refused to De-
liver a Dead Woman's Clothes
Unless Paid Her Bill.
E. W. Dutcher. who Is employed at the
Tesla coal mines, called at police head
quarters yesterday and informed" Sergeant
Mofntt that his wife had died Saturday in
the house of Mrs. Mary Irishman, a pro
fessional nurse, Burline street, San Bruno
road. The funeral was to take place this
morning, but Mrs. Leishman had refused
to deliver his wife's clothes to be used In
dressing the body for interment, because
he was unable to pay her a board Lull
of $15.
The Sergeant took Dutcher to Judge
Mogan. who iFsu«-d a search warrant for
the recovery of the clothes, and willingly
consented to hold court in the afternoon
in view of the urgency of the case. The
search warrant was given to Detective
R. F. Graham, who took the clothes to
the courtroom.
Dutcher admitted his liability, hut said
he was unable to pay the $15 board bill
Just at present. He agreed to do so as
soon as possible. Mrs. Leishman took the
stand and refused point blank to deliver
the clothes unless she got her money and
also $13 for doctor's fees, for which she
was responsible.
The, Judge told her she was a heartless
woman and had no legal right to hold the
colthes, her proper course being to sue
Dutcher in the Justices' Court, and he
awarded the clothes to the husband. Mrs.
Leishman, who proved to be a voluble <
witness, persisted in talking, and after !
the Judge had several times warned her
to keep quiet, he ordered her into custody ;
for contempt of court, but soon afterward :
released her on her own recognizance.
MAYOR PHELAN AS TRUSTEE.
Bateman Brothers' Claims Will Be
Transferred to Him.
The City Attorney yestordny submitted
i to the Board of Supervisors the draft of a
j resolution transf erring the sum or' $7M,
--: 693.75 from the public buildings fund to !
Mayor Phelan as trustee for the city md
county, Bateman Brothers and the cred
itors of Bateman Brothers, as requested '
] by a resolution recently passed by the
Board.
The resolution states that there is now
In the treasury of the city and county of
San Francisco to the credit of the public
: buildings fund the sum of 58fi.993.75. liable
[ for the payment of the demands arising
under the contract of Bateman Brothers,
for the erection of the Hall of Justice and
Morgue. Certain differences have arisen
between said Bateman Brothers and their
creditors, and they have agreed to the
deduction of $13,800 from the contract
price for the cost of erecting elevators in
the building and to the transfer of $73.-
G93.75 to James D. Phelan, Mayor, as
trustee, who has agreed to execute the
trust. The latter sum will be accepted in
full payment of the claims of Bateman
Brothers and their creditors, and there
fore the amount will now be transferred
from the fund to Mayor Phelan as
trustee.
ADMIRAL WATSON'S
ACTION IS APROVED
Navy Department Issues an Order
Confirming the Removal of
Commander Taussig.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 23.— The incident
that occurred In the Philippines between
Rear Admiral John C. Watson, comman
der In chief of the Asiatic etation, and
Commander F. D. Taussig. in command
of the Bennington, owing to a misunder
standing as to the way In which certain
orders of the admiral "were to be carried
out, as a result of which Commander
Taussig was relieved of his command and
ordered to return to the United States,
has befii closed by the Issuance by the
Navy Department of the following order:
"Admiral Watson's order is held to be
within the discretionary authority vested
In him by article 304. paragraph 3, of the
Navy Reg-ulations. it being Impracticable
to have a court of inquiry, and, owing to
the present importance of the Asiatic sta
tion, indispensable that harmony should
be maintained in his command.
"Commander Taussig is regarded, from
the time of his arrival in the United
States, as having been detached from
duty on a foreign station. He was or
dered home and placed on waiting orders
as in ordinary oases. He has now been
given appropriate shore duty in connec
tion with the Ijighthouse Bureau and,
when practicable, will have command of
another vessel, commensurate with his
rank, to serve elsewhere than on the As
iatic station."
TEMPERANCE WORKERS.
Little Accomplished at Yesterday's
Session of the Convention.
SEATTLE, Oct. 23.— Owing to the fact
that the Woman's Christian Temperance
Union abandoned the morning session to
day, the convention is somewhat delayed
in Its work. The committee on resolu
tions, for whoso report the convention is
anxiously waiting, went over until to
morrow. The committee briefly outlined
the resolutions favoring a flag law, anti
divorce, against seating Congressman
| Roberts of Utah, anti-canteen and hinted
I at several other special resolutions.
The anti-narcotio branch of the union
! addressed the public school pupils,
twenty-two of the schools of the city be
ing visited. Some ten memorial life mem
berships were taken out.
The resolution offered by the National
Fuffrage Association through Mrs. Carrie
Chapman Catt of New York, who is hero,
were voted down upon recommendation of
the executive committee of the Woman's
I Christian Temperance Union, declaring
I that they preferred to handle the woman's
I suffrage question up< n the lines already
j laid down by them.
Telegrams from the Mothers' Assembly
I of New York and various other Eastern
I organizations were received, congratulat
j ing the convention upon the unexpectedly
I large attendance of delegates and the
'■ work done.
In the Sunday-school branch contest,
i Ohio took the first prize banner. Northern
: California second, New Jersey third and
i Illinois fourth, each State, however, be
ing first in the special class of work for
which the banners were offered.
Storm at Angels.
ANGELS CAMP. Oot. 23.— A heavy
storm is in progress and has done con
siderable damage to stockmen who still
have cattle on the ranges. In the moun
tain? much snow has fallen. There is no
feed for the cattl<\ which must perish
unless the snow hardens sufficiently to
allow them to come out. Ahout five
inches of rain have fallen here this sea
son.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued From Page Ten.
AH HIVED.
Monday, October 23.
Stmr Newburg-, Hnnpen, Bl hours from Grays
li:irl»'r.
S;:ur Gipsy, Inland. 36 hours from Moss
Landing and way ports.
SAILED.
Monday. October 23.
Stinr Grace I '"liar, Fosen. Grays Harbor.
TRANS- ATLANTIC STEAMER.
XEV, YORK— Arrived Oct M— Sfmr Spaarn
dam, from H.iitTdam.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ACAPULCO— SaiIed Oct 20— Stmr Acapulco,
for San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE. Sailed Oct Ger ship
Scnwarzenbek, for San Francisco.
PANAMA— Oct 9— Stmr Acapulco, for
San Francisco.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Oct 21— Br ship Sierra
Nevada, hence .tune 7.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior Oct 21— Br stmr
Monmouthshire, from Oregon; schr Wm Bow
den, from Port Blakeley.
MAZATLAN— Arrived Sept 17-Ger bark Wei
wera, from Hamburg. Sept 21— Ger bark Hyon,
from Hamburg. S«>pt 25— G«-r bark Pirat. from
Bordeau. Oct Ger bark Kothtnka. from
Hamburg. „ _ . , _
GUAYMAS— Arrived Sept Ger bark See
stern, from Hamburg, to sail about Oct 26 for
<_>rp(j< >n
MANILA— Sailed Oct 19— Stmr Columbia, for
.San Francisco. Oct 20— Aus stmr Siam. for
Honolulu. Oct 23— stmr Belgian King, for
SHIELDS— SaiIed Oct 21— Br ship Tinto Hill,
for San Francisco.
QUEEXSTOWN— Sailed Oct 22— ship Pyre
nees, for Dublin. -J
NANAIMO— SaiIed Oct Sl— Br stmr Robert
Adamson, for San Francisco.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NKW Vi >HK— Arrtved Ort 2:i— Stmr Georgian,
frvm London; stmr Tatirk 1 . from Liverpool.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Oct 23— Stmr Ems,
Croiß Npw Y^rk, for Naples and Genoa.
Sailed Oci 23 -Stmr Kaiser 'VVilhelm 11. from
etc, for N'-w York.
rHKRROrRO— SaiIed Oct 22. midnight— Stmr
Kaiser Wiihelm der Groaae, from Bremen and
Southampton, for New York.
GLASGOW— Arrived Oct 23— Stmr City of
Rome, from New York.
RAILROAD TBAVEL.
New
Fast
Train.
V!a Rlp Grande Western and Denver
and Rio Grande railways In connection
■with Southern Pacific Company"s limited
train, leaving San Francisco daily at 8
a. m.
Through Double Drawing- Room Sleeper.
Free Reclining-Chair Cars.
Perfect Dining- Car Service.
For Information, rates, etc., apply any
Southern Pacific agent, or No. 14 MontKomery
W. H. SNKDAKER. General Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing October 1. 18S9.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— *7:OO. »9:30, 11:00 a. m.; "IMS.
•S'4o 5:15, 6 00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley <md San Ra-
fael, on Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturdays
at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS-» 8:00, »10:00. Ml:*) a. m.; •i:ii
8:15 *4:45, 6:30, 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-5:25. '6:35. 7:45, «9:40 a. m •
•12:S0. 2:15, »3:40, *S:IR p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. ♦8:00. *10:00. '11:4s a, tn. •
•1:40. '3:15, 4:45, »6:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN TIANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— fi:45. 6:45. 7:55. 9:45 a. m :
12:85. 2:35. 3:45, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OS. 10:05 a. m.; 12:05. 2:15, 1:30,
k:CO, 6:46 p. m
THROUGH TRAINS.
t:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and war stations.
1:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and ■"'ay stations.
1:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomales and way stations.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
I«VTH|-.B\ PACIFIC CO9IPAXT.
j (PACIFIC system.)
Train* leave nrnl are tine to nrrlve ul
NAN Hii\(lM«.
(Main Line, Foot of .Market Street.) \
IXavx — From Octobeb 13, 1899. — abrivs
' •7:OOa Bcnicia, Suisun and Sacramento. . . . *7:-15p
•7:00 a. Mariarllle, Orovillo via Woodland.
Elmira, Vacavllloandßumscy.... "7:45?
♦7:00 a Shasta Eip. ess— Davis. Willowa,
Bed Bluff, Portland »7:45p
•7«30\ Martincr., Ban Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
Calistoga tnd Santa Rosa »0:15p
•SiOOa The Overland Limited—
Omaha, Chicago "3:15*
•RiUOa San .loss. Livennore, Stockton, .' '
love, SacramcDto, PlacerriUe.
Murysville, Chico, UeiU'.luir »4ili»r
•8«80a "Milton, Oakdale and Sonora M:lsp
•0:00 a Hayvraris, Nil. aim. l Way Stations. "I I*4Sa
•0:00 a Atlantic r.xj.reaa-Ogden and East *»:45a
•OxOOa Martinez, Tracy, Laturop. Stockton,
Mooed and Fresno M 2:1
•O:O»a Fresno, liaUersiiclt. .SaiUa Burlinrn,
Loa Angeles. l)etniug, El Paso,
New Orleans and East .V. ... •0:4. > >p
•lO>OOa Vallejo. Martinez and- Way Bt»Uoni *7:l.">p
•1 1 :OOa Haywardß, Niles and Way Stations. *2:43p
•18:00 m Kilca, Llvermore, Stockton, .Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanfnrd, Visalia,
PorterTillo • I: I ."» p
fl:OOp Sacramento Hirer Stminen f J*:o«p
•3:00r Ilaywards, Nilea and Way Stations. # 3t43p
•4i»op Martinez, Him Hanion, Vallejo,
Napa, Callstoga. Sautaßoea *0:13 a
M:00p Beniciu, Vacaville, iSacmmento,
Woodland, Kuiglits Landing,
MarysTllle, Orovillo *l <>: II *
•4:»OpNilos, Joseand Stockton »7:13p
•3:OOpTho Owl Limited— Tracy, Fresno.
BakersQeld. 821121111 for Santa, liar- -
bara, Los Angelas •!«:lfi\
•5:80p Stockton, Merced, Fresno *12:
•5:»Op Murtlmv, Tracy, Muudotu, l'"resuo,
Mojave and l.os Angeles »B«4Sa
•3(30p Santa Fa Koulc— Atluulio Express
for Molavo and Rut *0:15p
•O:OOp Hayward3, Niles and San .lose *7: 43 a
to:3or Vallejo »12:15p
•0 «3« r Oriental Mall— Ogden and East *S:sop
17:00p Vallejo, Tori Costa and Way Sta-
tions :0:53p
•8:«0r Oregon and California l!.xi>r<-tm,Kac-
rnincntii, Marj«-.lll<', Redding.
rm-tliin.l. I'iiiii-t Sniind nud l-:=mfc »^:lsa
COAST DIVISION "(Narrow <J«nge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
*Bil3a Newark, C'entcrville.San.losc.Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations *3:30*
t9il3p Newark, Contcrvillo, Sau Jose, Hew
Almaden, Feltou, Jioulder Creek,
Santa Cruz aud Principal Way >,
Stations flO:3OA
•4«15p Newark, San Jose, Los Gates •0:20 a.
kll:13p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
■ Way Stations }7:80p
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIN FRANCISCO — Foot ef Market Street (Slip 8) —
♦7:15 0:00 11:00 a.m. 1:00 *2:DO 13:00
•1:03 tD:O3 •6:03r.M.
ProoOllUND— Fool «rßroid««T.— -0:00 8:00 10:00 a.m.
tl2:00 «l:03 t2:00 *3:00 11:00 «S:o3pji.
COAST DIVISION (Itroad<>auge).
(Third mid Townsend Stg.) .
♦ 6:10 a Ocean View, South Han Francisco.. |0:30p
•7iOOa San Jo;;o mid Way Station! (New
Almadeu Wednesdays only) •litor
•SiOOa Son Joso, 'I'ics l'ii:os, Santa Cruz,
Vacllic Grove. l'aso Kobles, .San
Luis Oliiaim, Surf, Lompoc and
Principal Way Stations MtlOr
•lOi4Oa San Josunud Way Stations •ni3.l*
•I1:3Oa Sau Jose and Wuy .Stations •S::JOp
fatMrSmn Mateo, Redwood, Mcnlo Park,
l'alo Alto, Santa Clara, Sail Jose,
Ties Finos, Hauta Cruz, Salinas,
Monterey ami l'acific Grove flO:S6.\
♦H:aop. San Jose aud Way SUtions *~:3»v
1:1 5 1- Han Jose and Principal Way Stations •0:43 A
ts:oop San Joso andrrincipal Way Stations t«:O«4
•3:30p Ban Jose and Principal Way Stations *B:S3a
•B:!««l- San Jose au.l Way Stations fH:OOA
Hl?4sr San Jose mid Way .SUUuus *7::tQp
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
•Dally. t Sunday excepted. t Sunday only.
6 Saturday only.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN IV. CO.
T 1 TTj g^g f~^ "PTTT!
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAX KAFAKU
WEEK DATS— 9:00. 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 d. m. Thursdays— Kxtra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:30
and 11:30 d. m.
SUNDAYS— , 9:30, 11:00 a. m. 1:30, 3:30,
5:00. fi:2o p. m.
SAX RAFAEL, TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45,
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 3:40. 5:03,
6:25 d. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen, Park
same schedule. a? above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San, Francisco.
I October 15, 1
Week Sun- ISO 9. Hun- I Week
Days. days. Destination days. ' Days
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
■ 5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 prril 6:22 pm
I '
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, . 10:25 am
■ Healdsburg,
Lytton.
Geyservllle,
3:30 pm S:00 am Cloverdale, j 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am JHopland and
8:00 am 1 Ukiah. j 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am| | 10:25 am
I 8:00 am Guerneville. ?:35 pm
3:30 pm] | ; 6:22 pm
7:30 am! S:ooam Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm; Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:22 pm
, t 1 ,
7:30 am 8:00 ami Bebastopol. 1 10:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pm 5:00 pm | 7:35 pm] 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
' Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs
Springs; at Clcverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyville, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and liartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Hlue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's,
Bucknell's, Banhedrtn Heights, Hullvllle, Orr's
Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
Westport, Usal, Willitts, I,nytonvi!le. Cum-
ming's, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round trio tickets to all ' points
beyond San Rafael at half rstes.
Ticket Offices, 960 Market St., Chronicle bldg.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Feßpnte
W?' O(jbsZHCCLEi» TPHOBfIg
yi^SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO.
-* THE MOST COMFORTABLE WaY
ACROSS THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULL-
MAN PALACE AND PULLMAN UP-
HOLSTERED TOURIST CARS LEAVE
OAKLAND MOLE FOR CHICAGO AND
THE EAST. TAKE MARKET STREET
FERRY AT 530 P M.
DINING ROOMS AND DINING
CARS ARE MANAGED BY MR FRED
HARVEY, AND ARE PERFECT IN
' EVERY DETAIL.
Head ■ Down. VALX.EY ROAD. ReadCp.
' •1:20 am |10:XO am Stockton j t3:40 pm 6:00 pm
, 1:10 am I 2:03 pm M«rced tl2:10 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am } s:li pm Frmmo i t9:00 am 2:43 pin
11:88 am 1 1 7:46 pm Hanford T7:00 am 1:45 pm
t:ZS pm 512:30 am Bakenfleld $1:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 am 16:25 pm VUalla 16:20 am 1:22 pm
12:15 pm 16:53 pm Tulare f 54:25 am 'l:os pm
■ •Daily. tHxcept Sunday. {Except Monday.
Ban Francisco Ticket Office, 623 Market at.:
Tel. Main lUL
Oakland Office. 1119 Broadway. 1 j
Sacramento Office. 201 J st.
' . San Jose Office. 7 West Santa Clara st.
s
. . - .
MOUNT tamalpais scenic RAILWAY
.Leav«» San Francisco via Sausallto terry.
Commencing SUNDAY. October I, ISW.
WEEK DAYS— 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B.OO, 10.00 a. m. and 1:15 p. m.
Faro S. F. to Summit and Return. $1 40.
THUS. COOK & SON, AsU.. £21 Market st.
/^^^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
M^^-^Mk (i'2n UEAB.W si. ICstiblished
881 fj| i: ' 1834 for thp treatment ol Private
sOuJl^'am I )iseitst ' s ' Lost Manhoods Dobllltr or
s^i*S^VK^Va<lisoa.s''Wor.rii;K<>ii •"»!.> i' r.iiinl'ai: j
SS^'S'hlSm Diseases. Tbedoctorcures'.vben
J^^te^m-fij i>tlioisfiiil Try htm Charges low
7^CUBfiai£3 <uie«.|juarj4ul«'*-ii. Call write.
I»r. J. *'- «jiIBHUSi. Box 1957. San Kr:tnclsco
Weekly Call $1.00 Der Year
1314
SAN FRANCISCO WELCOMES WESTERN MINERS
Hon. Jacob H. Neff Addressing the Convention of Western Miners.
MINTN'G men representing the vn-t
territory from the Rockies to the
chores of the Pacific are repre
sented at the annual convention
of the California Miners' Associa-
tion, whioh conve.ned yesterday
at Golden Gate Hall on Sutter street.
During tho three days' session that la
pcheduled matters of the greatest mo
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BH Be Con'f
W Believe It.
;£l dj9A He's blowing with
1»w JHbT a ** bis might and can
$&§] SMI barely stir the record-
mf &s*% * n ? hand from zero.
Wm BBf There's many a . big,
HIF !*■'*!» healthy looking man
l^j £>/ who is weak in the
ts£ J-'-Sgs^lungs. Probably half
««^v or two - thirds of his
l vn X surface barely
knows the contact of oxygen. He's the
kind of man, who, when a cough attacks
him, goes galloping down the road
toward consumption. Many such a man
has found strength and healing for weak
lungs and tissues lacerated by coughing
and drained by hemorrhages, in the use
of Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discov-
ery. Th.- healing power of this medi-
cine in pulmonary diseases seems little
short of marvelous at times, so extreme
are the conditions which it cures. The
"Discovery" contains no alcohol, and
no narcotics.
"When I started to take your 'Golden Med-
ical Discovery, 1 " writes Mr. A. F. Novotny, of
New York. N. V Box 1437. "I had a regular
consumptive cough, of which I was afraid, and
•vervbody cautioned nit and warned me con-
cerning it. 1 was losing weight rapidly, was
very pale and had no appetite, whatever. Now
Diy condition is changed entirely. Ido not
cough at all, have gained eight pounds In
freight, have recoveied my healthy color, and
rr.y appetite is enormous. I can recommend
your medicine to everybody who may be in need
of the same, as it is a sure cure."
i Dr. Pierces Pellet* cure constipation
ment, not only to this State but to the
entire West, will come up for considera
tion. The decisions that will be reached
will have an Important bearing on the
future of tho mining Industries of the
gold-producing section of the nation.
Questions will be considered which will
in a measure determine whether the men
who delve Into the bowels of the earth
for the treasure which has made the
Golden West world-famous shall continue
in their march toward the pinnacle of
success or shall stop and retrace their
Bteps.
The assemblage recalls a great deal
that is of interest to this State. Among
the legates are men who have made
much of California's history. There are
some who with pick and shovel and pan
revealed the possibilities of the State's
importance as the greatest gold-produc
ing territory of the world as far back as
the "days of "49." The delegates who rep
resent the younger generation of miners
are those who followed the pioneers and
assisted in developing the great golden
resources of California and bringing ltd
wealth to the attention of nations.
No previous convention of miners of
California has been called upon to decide
and take action upon as many important
matters as will come before the present
session of the California Miners' Associa
tion. The trend of the discussion of yes
terday makes it plain that the miners of
the West will ■ make a unanimous de
mand upon Congress for the creation of a
Secretary of Mines and Mining. This is
one of the paramount objects for which
the association will contend. A light for
the- Caminetti act will also be inaugur
ated and many other matters for the
protection and advancement of tue min
ing industry will be undertaken. Tho
delegates have determined that these
questions must not be lightly passed over
by the adoption of resolutions. The work
is to be undertaken and the workers are
to be given the support of the associa
tion and the necessary financial backing
to successfully pursue their fight.
Yesterday's proceedings were not in
tended to go much beyond the organiza
tion of the convention, but matters were
so ably handled that ■ the preliminaries
consumed but little time, and an oppor
tunity was given for the president's an
nual report and the statements from some
of the important permanent committees.
President >.'•.• It's address teemed with mat
ters of moment to the miners. There was
not a passage in it that did not have an
Important bearing on the industry or did
not offer some timely suggestion for its
advancement and benefit. The real work
of the session will commence to-day with
the election of a new board of officers,
upon whom will devolve the duty of carry
ing out the plans adopted by the conven
tion.
Golden Gate Hall was 'gay with bunting
and banners when President Neff called the
Miners Association to order yesterday
morning. Without any preliminaries lie
introduced Mayor Phelan who, on behalf
of the city, extended a welcome to the
delegates, He stated that the duty was
a pleasant one and thanked the miners
for all that. they had done for the city
and all that they would do In the future
"when they continued their explorations
beneath the surface and still farther re
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. OCTOBER 24. 1899.
President Jacob H, Neff Calls to Order Annual
Session of California Association.
Men Who Made History for the State Are Confronted With Many
Important Matters Affecting the Mining Industry— Will
Demand Recognition at the Nation's Capital.
veaied me States hidden treasures. 1
President NYff appointed .1 committee on |
ntials, with S. J. Hendy as chair
man, and tbe convention took a r<
■ until the afternoon. I ' jn . n reconvening
committee's report snowing that 672
delegates were qualified to partclpate in
the proceedings was approved. The- prep-
Ident then presented his annual report and
■ duriiiK the reading was frequently iiit.r
rupto.] by prolonged applause. He placed
1 considerable stress upon th<> assertion
i that resolutions accomplished nothing, l>ut
that work and good hard coin did. ills
statement that the fight for the hydraulic
miners should hr renewed struck a key
note among the delegates. President Neff
s;ii(l In pan :
When, In November, 1831, a few pretty well
' discouraged ex-hydraulic miners met at Au
; hum. Placer County, to ■■■>n«ir!'>r som* plan '
by which to call the attention of the
illfornia to the condition of their in
dustry a.nd appeal to thtm for assistance In its
: rehabilitation it was with a sort of "last hope 1 '■
; Fpirlt. They had been, so to speak, the "under j
- Jng" for years. The Government, the State. I
tho counties, "the courts, the people and the |
prt-ss had been against them and the furthpr
prosecution of their work. Millions of dollars
wore tied up Jn the Investments and hundreds ,
' of millions locked up In the untouched <!•■■•:■
rraveis throughout the hydraulic mining coun
! ties.
They had enemies even among themselves—
jmm who were surreptitiously conducting
operations which were under the ban of the
law, and thus Ftlll further aggravating to re
newed opposition theme who felt that their
rights were being Infringed.
Thoßo miners at Auburn were only a few of
I that numerous Viand who had been flchtlng
! their cause for years, with antagonism on nil ,
I Bides, finally to meet disaster and apparently '
Permanent defeat In the courts. Even the sug
gestion of an attempt at renewal of operations ,
was met with a howl of opposition.
But these, miners of Auburn bullded better
; than they knew. They were destined to set I
i the corner-stone and to lay the foundation of '
! an Institution which not only threw its pro
i tectlng aegis over them, but over those on
-1 gaged In all branches of the mining Industry, j
Among Its other work this association has se- !
i cured appropriations from State and Federal i
governments In aid of the mining industry; has
secured the passage of several favorable acts
by the State Legislature; has assisted ma- !
I terlally In several mining exhibitions; worked i
with the Trans-Mlssisslppl and Mining con- j
presses: caused the Lend Department of tho
Government to act more favorably toward the
mining Interests; brought forcibly to the at- i
tentlon of Congress the encroachments of our- j
I pnnuions on the public mineral domain, so
| that this will shortly be stopped; Inaugurated
1 the movement for the conservation of water
I In California, and that looking toward tho
appointment of a Cabinet officer with a Dp- !
partment of Mines and Mining; helped revis*
certain State laws, and, perhaps more than all. '
has created and fostered a public sentiment !
favorable to the mining Industry of California I
and to the miners themselves.
To the press of this city and of the entire
State we are Indebted for many favors. It has
very fairly reported our proceedings at all
times, and has promptly called attention to any !
of our measures before the Legislature and
Congress, generally approving and urging th<»lr
adoption. In fact, ever since the organization
j of this association the press of California has
! taken a lively Interest in the miners' move
j ment, and has done everything it oould to en-
I hnnce and benefit the mining Industry.
Th»re are several matters which tlie members
of this convention must earnestly consider and
by their resolutions. Indicate the course the
miners of the State should pursue. In the first '
place, we should continue to urge before Con
gress the so-called mineral lands bill, upon
, which we have already expended bo much la
bor. It was with difficulty we could at first
obtain even a hearing in Congress on this sub
ject, but finally only a technical point prevented
the passage of the bill. It is highly probable
that this pending measure will pass the next
time it is considered by Congress, but we must
spare no efforts to see that it does. Week by
week, month by month, year by year, sees the
domain of the prospector narrowed, contracted
and lessened in space, throughout the mining
States by the present policy or the great corpo
rations who are claiming and taking what the
law never gave them and never intended to
give.
Kven while the question is pending, thousands
and thousands of acres of mineral lands are
passing by railroad title into hands which com
pel the miner to pay for what the Government
expressly saved tor him to open and develop
without cost.
Then we want that Department of Mines and
Mining and that Secretary of Mines In the Cab
inet ot the nation. Why, last rear the miners
of this country dug out of the ground mineral
products of the value of over seven hundred
millions of dollars and that was over sixty mil
lions more than In the previous year. Why
should not «n Industry with such a growing,
substantial record have some representative in
the councils of the nation? Talk about the
need of protecting our industries'. Here is one
Of great magnitude absolutely unprotected. It
is unprotected, I Bay, from the assaults or' the
great railroad corporations; from the sinister
attacks of officials In the departments, from
the very Ignorance of Congress Itself. What
ever attack may be made .upon It in the shape
of unwise laws and adverse legislation, there
is now no man to say nay. There is no one to
advise the President on the subject and it Is an
Industry which Is scarcely recognized In Gov
ernment councils.
Why should we not have a Secretary of Mines
and Mining to pass upon and adjudicate mat
ters relating to mineral lands. Instead of a
Land Commissioner and Secretary of the In
terior with so much on their hands that, they
scarcely have time to find rut what a mine Is, much
less what the miners need? Why should some
man who Is from an agricultural community,
with his sympathies and experiences all in that
direction. Bit in judgment on the property in
terests of the vast number of hardy men who
are digging their living from the rugged moun
tains of the western side of this continent
We want relief from the present burdensome
system, and we want it badly and quickly. We
must keep constantly agitating this subject,
and our brother miners in all the other States
will back ue ur>.
These are national matters on which I have
thus far spoken. Hut here at home. In our
own fair State, where most of our work lies,
we have important problems to help solve It
was this association which flret suggested that
some genera] plan be urged for the conservation
of water, aside from that in vogue among the
private mining and ditch companies. Their ex
perience baa shown what can be done by Indi
viduals but vastly more can be accomplished
by public assistance and the adoption of a gen
eral system. The experience of the past two
years has shown what a vital necessity this
is for the general welfare of the producing
classes-the miner, farmer and manufacturer
Even In the "dry" years there is plenty of
water In the high mountain regions, could It but
be conserved for use during , the rainless
months. The climatic features peculiar to this
State require that the people unite in carrying
out some thorough system which will enable us
to control the flood waters and not allow them
to pass off as useless when we so badly need
them later on. '
During the past summer and the previous
one. mines and mills have suffered an en
forced Idleness, and hundred? of miners have
been thrown out of work simply because scant
provision had been made to hold back the
waters from the melting snows. And this con
dition of affairs must be frequently repeated
until a remedy Is applied. »-#•«•» »•■«>"
Resolutions will not build dams, but work
and money will. This Is the most Important
problem the miners or this State have yet to
! solve. It Is true some of our mining and ditch
' ''"it panlea have built some of the largest ditch
I find reservoir systems In the world, hut this
work has only commenced, as compared with
what has yet to be done.
And now another tiling, and one of no small
i importance, either. It Is evident that this as
; sociation has got to go back to first principles
i and take up the fight of the hydraulic miners
again. And we have got to take it up vigor
ously, too. The Caminetti law, for which we
: all fought so hard and which has accomplished
much, is In danger, and with it the whole hy
draulic mining industry of California once
more. Our old opponents, who were never
very well satisfied with the debris question be
ing taken out of local hands and placed In
those of the Government, want again to be In
■i position to have something to say in this
i matter. Their old weapon, the Injunction, has
been brought out and put into the hands of
' the men who formerly wielded it bo disas
■ trously and with such. dire effect.
This is the last convention in which I shall
occupy the chair, which I have filled, through
your courtesy, ever since the organization of
the California Miners' Association. Nominally
i I have had the direction of the affairs of the
I association for some years past, but. while I
j have had many excellent advisers, this Is really
1 the first time I have ever been allowed to have
1 my own way. I mean when I am at last per
mitted to retire to the ranks, so that some
i younger and more active man may preside over
. your deliberations.' I am afraid it, would take
' too many words to adequately express to you
i all the kindly sentiments I feel toward you
■ or the thanks I have deep In my heart for the
I consideration and help you . have given me
! during my terms of office. Like most of the
I rest of the members of this association I have
! been connected with the mining Industry for a
; great many years. My feelings and sympathies
i are all for the miners and their work, for I
1 am one of them myself, though my actual work
with the pick and shovel is done.
; The future of this organization is one of hope
. and of usefulness. There is much for us all
1 to do and more will come before us. As far
j as my experience has shown I feel certain that
! the right man will come to the front when we
i need special services. There are plenty of able
i men among our members and they all cheer
fully "stand In" with whatever work is to
j be done.
It but remains for me to again thank you
for all your courtesies to me.
At the conclusion of the president's ad
i dress there was a cry for "three cheers
! for Honest Old Jake Neff." and they were
given with a will that loft no doubt of
j their sincerity. Coming as they did from
1 the men who had worked with him when
I he tolled with the pick and shovel and
: pan, Mr. Neff .was visibly affected by the
i expression of friendship.
A motion , was made and carried to ap
j point a committee to prepare resolutions
expressing the thanks of the association
' to Mr. ; Neff for the services he had per
: formed. Vice President William C. Ral-
I ston named the following delegates on
I the committee: Warren D. Parsons, Judge
| Niles Searls and Charles G. Yale.
B. N. Shoecraft, chairman of the com
• mittee on the mineral exhibit at the Paris
Exposition, presented a report that was
1 in a measure discouraging. The commit
| tee had formulated plans for an exhibit
'. that would have been a credit to the
j State, but a lack of co-operation on the
part of the Legislature forced them to
! abandon the project. The exhibit as in-
I tended by the committee would have been
complete in every detail, giving an ade
quate representation of all the minerals
found in the State, the various forma
tions, plans and methods of working our
mines, models of mills and exhibit* of
Hales. | Halgß^^ -^-~
fall nrfsno onri qiiilq
Idll Wld|Jo dllll oliilo
~\^^ one of our ~l n Cl ° ak department is p'
yngijrt&h S8 hats ! the center of a'tracti o^
>^.J^®f from our own ' — 30 much that is new and
fi*&*" -i "^Vff workrooms. A ( s:asonable. warm, wearable woolens,
F.ISFSBP Ses h of 'purple | bou^ ht «■* and bought right.
V\arw/d?* BbS^-i moline < and vel- ' Oi . ... . , , ...
Ofc?<*3 r*ij vet, cream breasts ! 24 children's cloaks, with large cape
f forming brim, fas- i ed ged with black thibet fur and
tened with two ' braid trimmed, rolling collar; cloak
jT^M, gilt ornaments j lined all through; colors red and blue;
in . ' 'v- /> mo f\r\ excellent value $4 each
*■'*-) ,4 <J>o.UU.
\~< -J 36 children's and misses' golf capes
pattern hats reduced -the few ' in assorted colors, plaid body, with
that are left from our opening are I kersey yoke, stitched; season's latest
selling at one-fourth to one-third less I $5 each
than they were.
London hats— fifteen swell hats .1S ladies> fine tan kersey jackets,
after the styles of London's smart j silk lined throughout, six-button dou-
set. £ ; ble-breasted fronts, notched rolling
trimmed hats— our own collar and slashed back, finely
workroom, $3 to $10. stitched and tailored; regular $16
hosiery by the dozen Jacket: for $12.50 each
A few more cases just received of I u 3O new solt capes J ust received, in
those quick selling misses' and boys' j the new est cuts, with flounces and
stockings; extra heavy weight, cor- . stitched yokes and strappings; the
duroy rib, very elastic, deep glossy newest plaids and plain colors; the
black, extra double knees, heels and correct thing for ladies' wear this
toes; sizes 6to 10; "the-never-wear- season: at prices from 0 ",- s v 0 ••••■„•
out kind"; would be cheap at 20c per ' P " CeS ,7V* " " VVn "»^
Pair Hale's price 14c pair $4 - 50 to * 20 each
2 ra R « r«r. * * +V. .m $1 " 65 , dozen 20 new tailor-made suits just re-
T^ ln b t la t , an , d "^ ehev " >t
of heavy three-thread hard twisted | homes P un : Jacket double breasted,
elastic cotton with six-thread double | tight fitting, silk lined; skirt new,
knees; heavy weight, but fine rib and habit back, lined with best perca-
dressy; sizes 6to %; "Iron Frame's line; suits finely tailored and perfect
the Name" At Hale's 15c pair < fitting; worth $25; price . $20
$1.65 dozen
burnt leather lessons i&JSLJff *ffl m
can stamped leather work in ladles' Mg Z^^f>~r -—^"^
parlor. -^>2|PO/) GOOl>9^»^
bS^^SS^SSt&SUSSt 935 937, 939, 941, 943,945,947
tools and designs. Market Street.
various kinds of machinery used In Pali
fornia mines, with an abundance of maps,
pamphlets and general literature fully
covering the subject— in fact, to make
such an exhibit as would be a source of
pride to the State, reflect credit on the
association and become the means of In
ducting capital to invest, in mining in
this, State.
In concluding the report states that it
is a matter of regret that the recom
mendations and representations of the
association have been ignored and that
the organization will h.iv.^ nothing to do
with the mineral exhibit that is now be
ing collected for exhibition in Paris
Hon. Tirej L. Ford, the m..vii,i,- spirit
of the committee in whose hands had
been placed the matter of promoting the
creation of a Cabinet officer to be desig
nated Secretary of Mines and Mining
prefaced his report by a telling speech on
the importance and absolute necessity of
continuing the work until the object "was
accomplished. He indorsed the sfatMm.-nt
of President Neff that resolutions in
themselves accomplished nothing, and
urged that work be done. He said:
West of the Mississippi River the sentiment
s practically unanimous in favor of the estab
lishment of the desired Executive Depart
ment, and tlm Congressional delegation fmm
that portion of the country, h tie and
House are favorably disposed toward the
needed leglsl.-uion to establish such depart
ment. Kast of th» Mississippi River, however
while there exists no well-defined opposition
there is a prevailing apathy that can only be
removed by active and intelligently directed
missionary work amonp those interested In the
various branches of the mining industry.
Your committee Is of the opinion that, with
proper and united effort ujmn the part of the
fri'-ii'ls of the mining Industry, a Departnu
Mines anil Mining can be established, w\
executive secretary at its head who shall be a
member of the Presidents Cabinet.
F. Chappellet introduced a resolution
that a committee be appointed to pelert
a list of officers to he voted upon to-day,
but the convention would not at;ree. Sec
retary Benjamin read the following tele
gram of greeting:
UNION DEPOT.
KANSAS CITY. October 23. W9.
With fresh and grateful memnries nf the
Oolden State tho members of the Anierii-an In
stitute of Mining Kiit'tneers. returning from
their memorable transrontiTiental trip. Fend
greeting to the California Miners' Association,
from which w»- have received such magi I
hospitality. k. W. RAMON D, Secretary.
Congressman J. C. Needham also ad
dressed a communication t<> the associa
tion, assuring the delegates of his hearty
sympathy anil Kiiarunteeing his co-opera
tlon in their wnrk.
Julian Sonntag stated that it had been
brought to his attention that the Gov
ernor of Colorado was being urged to
call a convention of Western miners to
convene at Denver to impress upon Con
gress the necessity of creating the Secre
taryship Hi' Mines and .Mining. Mr. Sonn
tag suggested that the California Miners'
Association co-operate in the movement
and take the matter up during the pres
ent session. This reminded Judge Searls
of something that had evidently been
overlooked. He said thai some y.-ars ago
ho had been a delegate to a miners' con
vention at Denver and that as soon as he
arrived in that city the reception com
mittee pounced upon him and that in less
time than it took him to tell it he was
made acquainted with nearly every one in
the town.
"Here we have delegates from nearly all
of the Western States," said the Judge,
"and none of us has become acquainted
with them. Now, I want t<> know why in
thunder we haven't. Is this the sort of
reception old California gives? Is this
the way the old miners of forty-nine ex
t»-ixl the glad hand? I favor taking a
recess and rushing at them and giving
them a taste of California's boasted hos
pitality."
After the appointment of the following
committee on resolutions the convention
adjourned until this morning:
J. F. Halloran. Charles G. Yale, San FTan
ciaco; H. '/,. Osborne, Los Angeles; L. T.
Wrtpht fihnsta; r>. MoClure .Tr. . Calaveras;
Judge 'Smith. Sierra: 11. K. Pirkett, El Do
rpfln; Fred Searles, Nevada; W. F. Ensel
brißht. Major J. S. M<-Brnie, A. I. McSorley,
Calaverns; ('. W. Cross, \V. C. Ralston, San
Francisco; Ivan H. Parker, Plarer; A. H.
Rlcketts. Alameda: B. N. Shoecraft, Nevada;
A. Caminettl, Amador; Tlrey L. Ford, San
Francisco; John F. Davis, Amador; John M
Wright. San Francisco; J. M. Gleaves, W. M.
McClintock, Tuoiumne; A. F. Jones, Butte;
Judse M. S. Bnnnifleld. State of Nevada; R.
H. Norton, Washington: A. H. Ankeny, Ore
gon; W. S. Keys. Montana; H. S. Church, New
Mexico; Thomas Tonpe, Colorado.
To-day' session will be taken up with a
discussion of the reports of committees
and the election of officers. Among those
who aspire to succeed Mr. Neff as presi
dent are W. C. "Kalston. Julius Sonntag
and A. Caminettl. In the evening there
will be an illustrated lecture by Marsden
Manson on the subject of the "Distribu
tion and Variation of the Rainfall in Cali
fornia."
The committee on resolutions met last
evening at the Palace Hotel and decided
to recommend the adoption of resolutions
suggested in the president's report and
one to determine the standing of dele
gates. __^__________
New weights in fall and winter under
wear just received at Beamlsh's new
store— goods that are sure to suit, as the
prices are moilernte and the finalities un
| equaled. Our old customers are con
stantly coming back, as they can get bet
ter suited here than elsewhere. If you
have not yet visited us, do so at your
earliest opportunity, and you will not be
disappointed. 809 Montgomery street,
Russ House block. •
LINCOLN MONUMENT.
Bepresentative Committees Appointed
for Each County.
A meeting of the Lincoln Monument
League was hold last night at the offices
of Judge M. Cooney, Phelan building, and
the final preparatory steps were com
pleted.
A circular has been prepared and print
ed which calls the attentton of the public
to the purposes of the organization of the
league. The proposed monument will cost
$150,000, and according to the plans adopt
ed will be subscribed for by the people
of the entire State. Three representative
men from each county were appointed as
working committees, and they in turn
will select six others.
These nine men from each county will
make up the delegates to the conven
tion in this city to be held some time next
month. Much enthusiasm was mani
fested at the meeting last night and the
wnrk will soon be advanced toward a
consummation of the plans and inten
tions of the league.
NO OBJECTION TO
FAIR COMPETITION
But Imitation Is Flattery's Most
Odious Form.
If a person has to descend to the arts
of imitating a successful business man.
It is manifest that the imitator can he-pa
for nothing on his own merits. Chanr-s
Lyons has been before the public in this
city for twenty years, and his methods
of doing business have proved successful
from the start.
He gives the fullest value for the
money. He has all his cloths specially
manufactured for him, and has his own
exclusive patterns. He does an immense
business and carries ns large a stock as
any wholesale clothhouse.
Gentlemen who desire to do business
with Lyons will naturally feel aggriev*!
if they are entrapped by outward ap
pearances into trading with persons th^y
may wish to avoid, and with this end in
view Charles Lyons feels it necessary to
state that he has only one store on
Market street. No. 721. in the Histo-y
Building, carried on under the name and
style of Charles Lyons, th^ London Tailor.
He has nothing whatever to do with any
other store on Market street, but ha 3 a
branch at 122 Kearney street •
Lessees Pay for Fire Escapes,
A communication was sent to the Board
of Education yesterday by City Attorney
Franklin K. Lane regarding the placing
of fire escapes on the Lincoln School prop
erty, at Fifth and Market streets, m
which he holds that the board is not re
sponsible for the expense of erecting the
escapes and that by the terms of its lease
the improvement must be made by tne
corporation which has leased the prop
erty, namely the "Real Estate and Im
provement Company."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Peerless"
oil
COMPANY
A few of the first block of 5000 shares
yet remain unsold. Price, ,
$1 per share.
Capital stock 100.000 share*
Par value $10 00 per share
Only a few days' drilling will reach
the first stratum of oil sand, when the
stock will readily sell at par.
This company's property consist* of 160
acres of patented land 'In the very center
of the famous
Kern River District,
Midway between the ELWOOD WELL
and the TIBBETTS WELL (both pro-
ducers), and it is surrounded by wells
In various stages of development.
A CLOSE INVESTIGATION IS IN-
VITED.
A contract for sinking Is about to be
let and a strike of oil may be expected
at 220 to 250 feet depth.
OFFICE— Room 47, Eighth Floor,
Mills Building.
Oculists'
Eye=Glasses
Are not an experiment. When made by us they
fit. Nor do they tilt or waver with the new
clip. 50 cents.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Quick repairing
Factory on premises. Phone Main 10.
ml Market st. instruments
unoiß CHoaici* miit'iuM.
TfefT r\fy Paln treatment. Per-
LFI I %M V manent cure. Entire time de-
rlir 1 voted to rectal diseases. Ref-
M. a.RJMJkJ erences those cured No sur-
pry. A. J. ATKINS. M.D..
935 gutter st., San Francises;
hours, 1 to 3 p. m.
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
COR THE CURE OF GONORRHOEA.
n-»- Gleets. Strictures and analogous com-
plft.nts of the Organs of Generation.
Price $1 a bottle. For sale by druggists.
SB Into Yeptaule pis
A RE ACKNOWLEDGED BY I'HOUSANDS
v^r« t^f 8011 5,wh0 have used them for fort/
CONSTTPATTnv CK m - GIDDINESS.
ach, Pimples and pur. / the blood.
■