VOLUME LXXXYI-XO 102.
DREYFUS IS CONVICTED
BY THE COURT-MARTIAL
Unjust Verdict Rendered by the
Military Tribunal at Rennes,
Finding the Accused Guilty of
Treason as Charged.
Counsel for the Persecuted Captain Will Appeal
From the Judgment, Claiming That if Al
lowed to Stand It Will Make the Existence
of Hebrews in France Impossible.
7DBNNES,Sept Q.—The ex
-Lv pected lias happened. Drey
fus h-as been condemned, but though
a majority of those in the court
room this afternoon fully expected
the verdict, they were completely j
stupefied when it was given, and the j
ice which prevailed in the room
and the way men turned pale and
caught their breath was more im
pressive than a>iy other manifesta
tion could have been.
Mai! re Demange sank back in
his chair and tears trickled down
Jiis checks, and Maitre Labori
turned white as a sheet, while all
around the court men looked at each
other in silence. Positively the only
sound to be heard was the rustling
of papers from the reporters'
tenches as each press representative
tried to be first to send the news.
As the audience left the court
room fully ten or fifteen men were
crying openly, and the majority of
those present walked quietly down
the street for more than a block
without speaking a word. It was
like a funeral procession.
Meanwhile a tragedy was being
enacted in the little room off the
courtroom, where Dreyfus listetied
to the reading of the verdict. He
had been told by his lawyers and
had wept bitterly, but when in the
presence of the otficials of the
court-martial he listened impas
sively to the sentence.
His wife. who was waiting in tor
ture and suspense at her house,
bore the news bravely, and when
visiting her husband this afternoon
she showed the onlookers who wer t
in the streets no signs of her suf
ferings as she walked from her car
riage to the prison.
'Mathieu Dreyfus was not pres
ent in court this afternoon, but vis
ited his brother after the verdict
had been rendered. He found him
perfectly calm and without any
manifestation of surprise at the
finding of the court. The prisoner
simply shrugged his shoulders, ut
tering an expressive "Bah!" add
in", as he embraced his brother as
tlie' latter was preparing to leave,
"Console my wife."
The general belief is that Drey
fus will be pardoned, but this will
not satisfy his friends, who
vehemently declare that they will\
The San Francisco Call.
refuse to accept the verdict and will '
continue the battle until the judg
ment is reversed. The verdict, they
say, is directed more against tlie
Jews than against Dreyfus, and
if allowed to stand will make their
existence in France impossible.
Maitre Labori and Maitre De- \
mange took the midnight train for
Paris. They drove to the station in
a closed carriage, escorted by four ;
mounted gendarmes. The road was
practically deserted, and no demon- \
stratum occurred on the route or at
the station.
Maitre Demange and Maitre
Labori will to-morrow sign an ap
plication for a revision of the case,
although there is no hope that the
verdict will be reversed. Both men
are much upset, though it can
hardly be said that they are sur
prised.
CLAMOR AT RENNES
CAUSES LIVELY RIOTS
ftENNES, Sept. 9.— Scenes of great
excitement occurred at Rennes to
night. The anti-Dreyfusards broke
loose and started a demonstratlpn
which, but for prompt and rigorous
measures by the police, would un
doubtedly have developed into serious
disorders.
SENTENCE MAY BE SHORTENED
TO A FORTNIGHT.
RENNES, Sept. 9 —It is stated here this evening that as Drey
fus has been condemned to ten years' detention, and as he has al
ready suffered Hve years' solitary imprisonment, which counts as
double the ordinary detention, he will be released at the end of a
fortnight. In the meanwhile, unless the President of the republic
pardons him, which many think certain as being the only solu
tion to the present situation, Dreyfus will have to be degraded here
again within eight days.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY. SEPTEMBER 10, 1899-THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
The first sign of trouble manifested
Itself Immediately after the verdict be
ep, me known. The streets leading to
the Lycee were at that time filled with
crowds of people awaiting news from
tho courtroom. The announcement of
the prisoner's condemnation was atrrfi-
able to a majority of these and cheers
and cries of "Vive l'armee!" were
raised, the gendarmes and troops look
ing on without any attempt at inter-
ferenre.
The terrace in front of the Cafe de la
Paix, the leading cafe in Rennes. was
filled with the people taking their aft.r
noon drinks and aparients. When the
verdict of the court was announced the
customers arose to their feet and de
manded that the .string band which
I lays on the terrace should give the
"Marseillaise. " The band struck up
the air and the crowds, both inside and
outside, joined in the national song.
Colonel Jouaust passed by a little
later <>n foot and in full uniform on
his way from the Lycee to his home.
The crowd, with bared heads, cheered
him, crying:, "Vive l'armee!" Colonel
Jouaust, in reply to their cheers, sa
luted with his hand to his kepi.
Aa diniitr time approached the streets
became empty, but about 8 o'clock the
crowds again gathered at the Cafe de
la Paix and in the square beside it and
the adjacent street.
Just then an incident occurred at the
Hotel Moderne. which is known as the
Dreyfusard center. Two men. notori
ous anti-Dreyfusards, entered the win
ter garden, inside the garden, and sat
down at one of the little marble tables
under the palm tn-cs and ordered eof-
At an adjoining table sat "La
Dame Blanche" with a companion
while at other tables were seated MM.'
Bernard, Lazare and Corzinotti. with
other Dreyfusanls.
The two newcomers at once began to
make offensive remarks about Dreyfus
and Jews generally. One of them,
turning to "La Dame Blanche." said:
"Oh, these dirty Jews! These dirty
Dreyfusards!"
"I,a Dame Blanche" replied, telling
him not to :i<Hr.'Ps her. The men. how
ever, persisted and added personal in
sults, whereupon "La Dame Blanche"
t" came greatly excited and called them
I cads to insult a woman. The men re
torted offensively, and in a moment
"La Dame Blanche" snatched a menu
card In a heavy metal frame and threw
; it at the head of her lnsulter. narrow
: ly missing him.
The other diners, seeing the trouble,
' rose en masse and threatened to throw
I the men out of the garden. In an in
; stant the place became a perfect babel,
> every one shouting at the top of his
! voice, calling the men cowards and
j "canaille." The ladies present hastily
withdrew, Mme. Lazare being carried
i away In a fainting condition.
Just as the threatened free fight was
TEXT OF JUDGMENT
FINDING DREYFUS
GUILTY OF TREASON
+ RENXES, Sept. 9.— The text
i of the judgment of the court- "*"
, martial is as follows: 4- ;
+ To-day, the 9th of Septem- "*"
4 ber, 1899, the court-martial "*"
4. of the Tenth Legion Army
+ Corps deliberating behind "**
4- closed doors, the president put "*"
4 the following question:
4 "Is Alfred Dreyfus, brevet *"
4 captain. Fourteenth Regiment "*"
4 of Artillery, probationer on ♦"
4- the general staff, guilty of ♦
4 having in 1894 entered into *"
4 machinations or held relations *"
+ with a foreign power or one "*"
"*■ of its agents to indues it to "*"
"*■ commit hostility or undertake "*"
■*■ war against France, or procura
"*" it the means therefor by dcliv
"*" ering the notes and documents
* mentioned in the documents
called the bordereau, accord- __,
ing to the decision of the
Court of Cassation of June 3,
* 1899?'"
The votes were taken sepa- »
rately, beginning by the infer-
± ior grade and youngest in the _.
. last grade, the president hay- ±
ing given his opinion last.
The court declares on the +
+ question by a majority of five
votes to two: "Yes, the ac- +
4. cused is guilty.'' 4.
4. The majority agreed that +
> there are extenuating circum- 4.
4 stances, in consequence of 4.
-f which and on the request of >
> the Commissary of the Gov- -f
-♦- ernment. the president put the -♦•
-f question and received again 4
■♦• the votes in the above men- ■+■ \
4- tioned form. As a result the >
>■ court condemns, by a majority -*
4- of five votes to two, Alfred 4- '■
♦ Dreyfus to the punishment of 4
4- ten years' detention. 4
4- 4
+ + 4444444444-444444 1
on the point of breaking out a detach- i
ment of gendarmes arrived, and, after
a Bcene of Intense excitement, put the ■
men who had caused th-j disturbance
into the street. This, however, was
but the beginning. The men proceeded
to the terrace of the Cafe de la Paix,
which was now crammed with anti-
Dreyfusurds, and there grave their own
version of the row, and in a few mo
ments an anti-Dreyfusard demonstra
tion was in full swing. The people sit
ting at the tables rose with shouts of
"Down with the Jews!" and "Vive
l'Armee!" and demanded that the band
play the "Marseillaise." The band was I
obliged to comply with the demand and
the crowd bawled the "Marseillaise"
at the top of their voices, altering the
words to "March on, march on against
the Jews."
Sticks, canes and hats were waved !
and then the crowd chanted "Vive j
l'Armee. vive I'Armee, conspuez les
Juifs." Finally one man waved his hat J
and shouted: "Let us march on the
Hotel Moderne." The crowd showed I
a strong disposition to follow this ad- j
vice, and as the hotel is within 100 I
yards of the cafe the situation began j
to look ugly. Two Englishmen who
were sitting in the cafe were recognized ;
as foreigners and the crowd hustled
them out. At this moment the cry
"Police!" was raised, and an instant )
later a strong body of gendarmes and '
police, headed by detectives, rushed
Into the cafe and cleared every one out,
demonstrators or not. At the same
time several squadrons of mounted gen
darmes and dragoons, with carbines
slung across their backs, galloped up
and threw themselves across the road
leading to the Hotel Moderno. Other
detachments of cavalry cordoned all the
approaches to the cafe and then grad
ually dosed in on the crowd, which was
now large and extremely threatening,
and drove it across the bridge, over I
the river and into the upper part of
the town, which was filled with shouts
of "Vive l'Armee" and "Down with the ;
Jews."
A number of the most noisy of the
demonstrators were arrested, and the
cavalry, at a quick trot, broke up every
group and forced the participants in the
demonstration out of the center of the
town around which was formed a cor
don through which no one was allowed
except he was provided with a pass
from the police authorities.
The demonstration dwindled from
this time until 11:30 o'clock this even
ing, when only a few noisy bands were
left parading the smaller streets, but
running at the first sight of a man in
blue.
Strong repressive measures, however,
alone can prevent serious disturbances.
The cafes in the neighborhood have
been closed, some by the police and
others through panic, and tranquillity
is now practically restored, though to
night's trouble may be only the pre
lude to a bigger demonstration to
morrow.
LEGAL ASPECT OF
THE DREYFUS CASE
PARIS, Sept. 9.— What is the legal
aspect of the case of Captain Dreyfus?
Continued on Second Page.
SCHOOL DIRECTOR GEDGE
ADMITS HE WAS BRIBED
He Was Paid Two Thousand Dollars to Allow a
Stationery Firm to Alter Specifications and
Thus Bar Competition*
His Colleague, J, J. Conlon, He Asserts, Received Eight Hundred
Dollars as His Share for the Qooked Transaction*
THE TWO SCHOOL DIRECTORS WHO ARE ALLEGED TO HAVE ACCEPTED BRIBES.
THERE are members on the San
Francisco School Board who are
not honest. There are men di
recting the educational depart
ment of the city who have ad
mitted that they accepted bribes to
steer contracts in the direction of the
bribe-givers. In one case the specifica
tions unon which bids were invited to
furnish the school supplies were so al
tered at the request of one of the bid
di ra that he could secure the contract
at his own figures. Money was paid to
members of the Board of Education for
that privilege.
Hints, vague assertions and rumors
to this effect have been in the air since
the school supply contracts were
awarded. To-day The Call is in posses
sion of positive proof that all these
rumors are based on absolute facts.
This paper is in a position to prove that
Dr. H. E. Gedge, chairman of the Com
mittee on Supplies, has admitted to at
least one reputable citizen that he re
ceived $2000 from the agent of one of
the bidders for betraying the people
and allowing the firm to Inspect the
specifications and make alterations
that virtually gove it a cinch en secur
ing the contract at its own figures.
More than this. Dr. Gedge has admitted
that $SOO of this amount was paid to J.
J. Conlon, another member of the com
mittee, for his consent to the deal, and
that the third member, William A.
Kemp, it is asserted, allowed the mat
ter to go- through at the request of Phil
Crimmins, but that he failed to get a
slice of the bribe money, and has been
trying to drown his sorrows in copious
draughts of alcoholic beverages ever
since.
When the School Board was handling
the supplies contracts the people kept
a watchful eye on its proceedings. The
lowest bidders did not win out In every
case: in fact, it was apparently a case
of the highest bidder being received
with the most favor. Naturally these
circumstances aroused suspicion. It
was evident that there was something
crooked. Ginn & Co., Payot, Upham &
Co. and Cunningham, Curtis A Welch
were awarded the contracts. Director
Kemp had championed the cause of
Brown & Powers, whose bid to furnish
ink, paper, pencils, etc., was at least 25
per cent lower than the next lowest.
SCHOOL DIRECTOR W. A. KEMP, WHO BEMOANS HIS
HARD LUCK.
At the critical moment Kemp fell down
on his men. He conveniently absented
himself from the meeting when final
action was to be taken. He did this,
it is asserted, at the request of Phil
Crimminp.
The crooked work of the crooked out
fit might have remained a secret had
not Dr. Gedge confided in too many
friends. After the deal had been con
summated and public indignation over
the looting of the school funds had in
a measure cooled off, this man told his
friends the part he had played in the
deal. ITo repeated the story to too
many. The result is that The Call is
able this morning to expose the whole
deal.
When bids were first invited Dr.
Gedge and J. J. Conlon were ap
proached with a proposition to allow
a certain firm to inspect the specifica
tions and insert in them the name of
a particular brand of stationery, for
which this firm was the sole agent and
which could not be procured on the
coast except through it. Gedge and
Conlon agreed to the deal upon the
promise that they would be well paid
for their crookedness. Conlon made
Gedge his agent in arranging the finan
cial details. The specifications were
changed as requested, and after tho
little joker had been inserted they were
recommended for adoption by the com
mittee. Kemp had not been taken 'nto
the arrangement and did not "catch
on" until'long after the contracts were
awarded.
The change enabled the tricky con
tractors to make their figures as high
as they pleased. They were after a fat
contract and they secured it, consid
ering the bribe money small at S2OOO.
Brown & Powers had a much lower
bid, but of course they could not fur
nish the brand of goods called for in
the specifications. Kemp made a great
show of fighting for the best goods at
the cheapest prices and did some, argu
ing for Brown & Powers, but when it
came to the final show-down he let his
men and their bid take care of them
selves and did not attend the meeting.
The reason has been stated. He denies
that he was given a consideration to
stay away, and from the manner in
which he has been bemoaning his fate
for being on the outside when the un
PKICE FIVE CENTS.
equal division of the spoils was matfe
it is more than likely that he is telling
the truth in this instance.
No money was paid to Gedge until
after the contract was awarded. The
agent apparently knew that a man who
would sell himself and betray his con
stituents for such a comparatively
paltry sum could not be trusted to de
liver the goods after he had his fingers
on the bribe. But when the contracts
were signed the representative of the
firm waited on the doctor and handed
him $2000 in $20 gold pieces. Later $SOO
was paid by Gedge to Conlon. The
basis upon which the division was
made is a secret that is said to be
locked in the bosom of Gedge.
Some time after this Kemp heard the
rumors that money had passed without
any of it sticking to his palms. He
went on a still hunt for information
and found enough to make his heart
sick. To use his own language, he "felt
like being kicked." He learned of se
cret committee meetings where he had
not been invited; it dawned on him
suddenly why he had been requested
to remain away from the meeting when
the contracts were awarded. He awoke
to the horrible revelation that he had
been a real good thing for some one
without receiving a single twenty.
Then Mr. Kemp did some talking.
On the highways and byways he com
plained of his treatment at the hands
of the supply committee, of which he
was a member, "*e got real mad at one
time, but it did not do him any good.
Gedge and Conlon had the coin and
they evinced no disposition to part with
any of it. As a solace to his wounded
feelings and his aching pocket .he im
bibed freely; he found some comfort in
the cup that cheers, and in this condi
tion words gurgled from his mouth like
the liquor from tho little brown jug,
and to all who would listen he poured
out his tale of woe.
Mr. Kemp was seen last evening by
a representative of The Call. "When
the $2000 deal was mentioned to him he
feigned surprise, but he could not con
trol his interest in the subject.
"The very tiling that I have been
trying to find out — the very thing," said
he, and then to himself: "Kemp, Kemp,
where have you been? Two thousand
dollars lloating around and you did not
get a cent of it. Why any one to hear
this would think that I came from the
country; wouldn't they?" The reporter
acquiesced. "Why 1 ought to be kicked,
I ought — no, no, I don't exactly mean
it that way. 1 would not take a cent
if it were offered to me — I wouldn't.
But then when a fellow hears about
$20 pieces flying through the air his
mouth waters a little. It is natural —
the most natural thing in the world,
even among us strictly honest people.
No use talking, Kemp deserves kicking.
"Gedge and Conlon might have ar
ranged this matter at secret meetings
where I was not invited. I will not say
that I know of such meetings. I can
not call to mind that I have heard of
any such nor will I say that I have not.
I know Phil Crimmins very well and
frequently talk with him about school
matters in general, just as 1 would talk
with any one else. He might have asketi
me to stay away from the meeting
when the contracts were awarded, but
I don't just remember whether he did
or not.
"1 favored the bid of Brown & Pow
ers because it was the lowest and the
class of goods offered was fully up to
the standard. If any crooked work was
done it was done by the firm that bid
on the same articles that they did.
They bid on the ink, paper and stuff
of that kind. I believe the contract for
that was awarded to Cunningham, Cur
tis & Welch. My men would have got
it had I been at the meeting.^ I would
have raised a howl, you bet."
"Then you admit that you did stay
away?" was asked.
"No, no— l did not mean exactly that
—I was there. Let me think— well, I
really do not know whether I was
there or not."
'•Did you receive any compensation
for staying away?"
"Not a cent," and the look of sadness
on Kemp's countenance spoke louder
than anything he could have said.
"Kemp, where did you come from? You
deserve to be kicked. Twenty dollar
pieces floating about and you did not
get one of them. That in just my
.luck."2
GALLANT SIEGE OF
CASTLE GUERIN
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1899,
by James Gordon Bennett.
Pv.:i~. -:  g The siege >f Castle Guerin in belnK carried on with
i, courtesy on both sides. In any other country this Incident
: have been brought to an end by brute force long ago. Hero
it will apparently last until one or the other of the parties owns its. -if
beat* n In po I
One ol i ■• in ed himself the other day by firing atones from
tapult at hi. M. .Tubs Guerin pulled the man away from the
i\v ;ili ,i made a little si eh ap lionizing to the living target for his fol-
Guerin has got the Idea that ah attempt has been made
by the authorities to Qoison him by (strewing pieces covered with arsenic in
the gutters that convey rain Into the cistern just below the roof, tJpon
this M. Lepl-w> nd his men were outraged at being suspected of such n
broach of i d manners. They have riven their word of honor they wore
i underhand means to vanquish their adversary. A few days ago
d chatting amiably across the street with <>ne of the
,n the ba i house opposite the headquarters of
the Anti-Semite League In the Rue de ChabroL
M. Guerin. 'Alien taking his constitutional upon the roof of the Castle
Guerin, al ites with a benevolent wave of the hand the Commissary
oi Police charged with the duty of keeping him locked up, In his castle or
In the city prison. This show ■ th< truly French spirit all around and proves
that the 'lays ry, when the enemy was Invited to Bre the first shot,
nd< d.
In fact, this was illustrated strikingly this week by an incident in which
. was the principal actress. Liane is a young beauty whose
• is aim st touching. She only recently returned from
■ ■, . ia Paris, but aa oon s net feet had touched the sacred
■ capital she drove off to bear a word of gi id cheer, backed up
, . ,, 1S ham, to the beselged men. who. being anti-Semites, she
t plenty of pork as a sort of, religious
cuity appears to have been raised about transmitting Mane's
th mgh her ham was mercilessly confiscated. Still,
pvon t lew otn a large-hearted, charitably disposed beauty
otly remarked moodily that fem
v v as lacking in the fort
appear to fee the principal occupation of the most
nchmen who are not In the Government at the present time.
n il table arrangements an b Ing made to accommodate pris
i, i in ;. plot whii h th- Senate, sitting as a High Court <>f Jus
el and pass Ju m nt upon.
Luxembourg Palace is In the hands of a troop of carpenters,
nd carpet-layers, all engaged in arranging for the opening sitting
Monday week, it is quite possible that this first session will also be
the last of the present trial that will be held In the Luxembourg, for there
is already some talk of the remalnd i "i" t U" hearing being held at Ver
where better accommodation could be provided for the Senators
ed with an .attempt to overthrow the republic.
DREYFUS IS
CONVICTED BY THE
COURT-MARTIAL
iued from First I .
lle the Judgment rendered by a
irtlal is on the appeal of the
an BUbmitt ->\ to a council
cf revision, the duty of which is to see
il requirements have
irried out in the conduct I th<
[1 mer« ly revises the ca»
nically, passing no judgment on tho
>na ot the court-martial and
no v ltn« Bses, b it simply revls
ease to see if it baa be< n con
dui ted strlctl> according to pr
prescribed by law. But the limits with
in which the Rennes court-martial
Ise its jurisdiction having
been laid down by ih«- Court of Cassa
tion or S ipn me Court, the questli n is
iuncil of revi
Court ot Cassation that will pronounce
upon the pr< sent Judgment.
Th. Figaro has consulted an eminent
lawyer on this matter. He briefly puts
follows: The judgment .*f
irt-martial is Inseparably bound
up with th
musi In consequence remain In har
mony with th<- t.-rnis of the Judfcment
which sent the affair before it. It con-
Btltutes, in fact, an act of Jurisdiction
. .< by the Supreme <""urt, de
ri which alone it has
a righi to exercise Its censorship. In
the oi dlnary P'
is no! followed. It Is by the Court of
Cassation that a court-martial is called
Into exist) nee. it Is from the former
that th< latter derives Its power. There
■■ Cassation ai
tl the mai ncr in which
urt-martial ha I ita
power.
CLOSING SCENES IN
THE DREYFUS TRIAL
RE! • L 9.-1 ' is a
:
trtial:
: a for
■ . ... m. He
:
"When yesterday's sitting was ended I
was about to deal with what Is called the
diroct evidence, namely the technical
value of the bordereau. The prosecution
by taking separately each of the notes
containing information supplied by be
•vvriier of the bordereau deduced tlio opin
ion that Dreyfus alone could have com
xnunlcnted Information <>n tha documents.
If he had at his disposal proof of this ho
fhoiiM have given it. It devolves upon the
public prosecutor to prove 'Dreyfus
possessed tliis information and nobody but
he. Thut la how the <:iicpUo:i must be
put. AYe are before a Court .of ' Justice,'
With which suppositions have no place. In
order to produce proof r-mitst usk and
we must know what was the information
supplied. Consequently wo must have the
nuU-s delivered; otherwise wu have to deal
■with a hypothesis.
"Thai is mj first • to which I
challenge tiw public pros cutor to re-
Counsel, remarking that the hypothesis
accepted in 1V34 could not now be main
tained, proceeded to minutely examine the
theories of the headquarters staff, espe
cially General Rogct'si whose arguments
he refuted seriatim. He similarly ana
lyzed the evidence of General Mercier, re
iterating the arguments as to the utter
improbability of an artilleryman employ
ins tho incorrect terms used in the terms
of the bordereau in connection with artil
lery matters.
Counsel then reviewed the well known
facts in the cafe, showing that Colonel
irskoppen, the Gorman military at
tache at Paris, supplied information for
his Government years before regarding
the "120 short" Held. He said that only
the internal construction of the brake in
this gun remained secret, but Dreyfus
know nothing bout it and asked for no
information frvm the ofHsera knowing it.
Advances made en furniture and pianos, with
or without removal, j. Noonan. 1011 18H MiMfan.
44 The Prudent Man Setteth
His House in Order/
Your human tenement should be given
even more careful attention than the
house you live in. Set it in order by
thoroughly renovating your 'whole system
through blood made pure by taking
Hood's Sars^pArula. Then every organ
'will act promptly and regularly.
I Therefore, counsel contended, Dreyfus
could not have betrayed this secret.
Regnrdins the practical test's or" the gun.
M Drmaiigi? continued. Dreyfus was sim
ilarly Ignorant.
General Mcrdcr'a statement that Drey
fus attended the trials could tje dismissed,
as { t has been proved that the only leak
age resulting from those trials had been
furnished by the spy Grenler. It was thus
apparent Into what error all the witnesses
Plipportirg the prosecution hr.d fallen.
Their opinions had been most Impartially
formed and the judges must be on their
guard against it. honest and sincere as it
doubt less was.
After refuting the Imputations against
Dreyfus based on the firing manual, which
he said were purely hypothetical, M.
Demange continued emphatically: "The
prosecution has no right to rest content
with hypotheses. We are in a court of
Justice. The defense alone has the right :
to say it Is Impossible. It is the duty of
the public prosecutor to produce evidence,
but he has adduced none against Drey
fus."
After showing that the prisoner had
never seen the "120 short" gun. counsel
read letters from Esterhazy proving that
the latter attended the Chalons camp and
probably witnessed the trials.
"But .the prosecution," added M. De
mange, "had not to choose between Drey
fus and Esterhazy. It had only to prove
Dreyfus guilty and could not do so. On '
the contrary, we have shown that Drey
fus did not possess the documents com
municated nor the information contained
in them."
Dealing with the note referring to the
covering of troops, M. Demange pointed
out General Mercier's change of front on '
this subject. In lv*- the general contended
that it was with reference to the com
mand of these troops that the leakage
occurred, while he now asserted that it
was regarding the mobilisation and trans- !
portation of troops.
The 'prosecution has thus advanced two
versions, which must cause the Judges
terrible searching of conscience, especial
ly as no proofs had been furnished. "What
right had the prosecution to advance
statements with out corroboratlon?"
Counsel put it to the conscience of the i
Judges, and he had asked this of General
Mercier himself.
Continuing to plead with great warmth
and eloquence and with closely reasoned
arguments, which were followed with
breathless interest by the entire audience,
M. Di mange declared he did not believe
in the complicity of Henry and Bsterhasy,
for Henry was honorable and loyal. If he ;
had been the accomplice of -hazy,
Henry would have destroyed the bor- i
dereau. Possibly Henry had inadvertent
ly divulged information to Ester hazy, un
| der the impression that he was convers- '
I ing with an honorable, straightforward i
I man like himself, and discovering in ISW
I that he had placed his hands in a traitor's I
he committed a crime upon which counsel
declined to enlarge, since the perpetrator |
had already paid for it with his life.
"What other explanation could be given
of the suicide of this man, with whom the
whole army sympathised, even after the]
discovery of the crime? Henry had spoken !
of scoundrels. Was one of these not Es- i
terhnzy and the other Weyl. th. latter
having unconsciously betrayed Informa
tion? General Saussier had every confi- 1
dence in Henry's loyalty and Esterhazy
might have received infromation from
Henry or Weyl. who were unconscious
informer?. A loyal soldier. General Billot
had moreover said the traitor was not
alone. In his mind he connected the
names of Esterhazy arid Dreyfus." Coun- 1
sel did nor profess to clear up the matter,
but he wished it to be cleared up. It must
be proved that Dreyfus knew Esterbazy i
and WeyL He (M. Demange) did not fear
whatever light could be thrown on the '
case. Three men were in the intelligence
dt-partment— Henry. Bstexhasy and vveyL
Ksurhazy had even placed the others
under- pecuniaary obligations and ail three
were closely bound. together. -• -^
Replying •to the hypothesis deduced In
the note relating to the modification of
: the artillery .-, M Demange • pointed out
that the information could have been
obtained by Esterhazy at . th« Chalons
camp, while, regarding the Madagascar
note. Dreyfus had never .had pos
session of it. though one of his bitter per
secutors. Colonel Dv Paty de Clam, nad
iit in his office. Reverting to the firing
manual, counsel showed bow Esterhazy
secured a copy of it and pointed to the
fact that his Government hnd asked
• Colonel Bchwarskoppen for supplemen
tary information which showed that the
. riginal Intelligence was,. Incomplete and
supplied by an incompetent person, not
an artilleryman. The- memorandum to
Colonel Schwarzkoppen asked for the
llring manual, which must therefore
have been i offered, and for the gradua
tion bar which Esterhazy had obtained
from a friend and kept. Had all these
proofs existed against Dreyfus how
strong would have been the case .or the
prosecution. But the hypothesis was
I not even probable, while the theories of
the defense were all supported by docu
-1 ments colled from the secret dossier.
Dealing with the last line of the bord
erwtu referring to the manuevers, :M.
Demange produced a note written by
• Dreyfus proving that he knew in May.
1594, that he would not attend th& man
i euvers with his regiment.
'< Counsel dwelt upon tho importance of
1 the fact that the probationers absolute
< ly knew they could not attend the ma
neuvers, though certain individuals cher
ished the hope that exceptions might be
i made In their favor. Only one actually
, applied to General do BoisdefTre for per
: i mission, but the latter did not promise
anything.
M. Demange protested against the Gov
ernment Commissioner's assertion that it
had been agreed that the probationers
i should attend the maneuvers as officers
;of the headquarters staff, and said he
wished to know if Major Carriere adhered
, to his statement on the subject.
Major Carriere recalled that General de
■ ! Boisdeffre had declared that he had
! promised to do his best to satisfy the pro
-1 I batloners.
M. Demango — And you call that an
agreement?
i Major — Certainly.
M. Demango— Then we do not agree as
: to the meaning of the word in the French
language.
Continuing, M. Demange exclaimed:
"Hear what the author of the borde
reau writes: lam going to the maneu
vers.' Is that only a belief? Is that not
rather, a certainty? Well, gentlemen, I
have shown you Dreyfus could not have
written that. On the contrary, Ester
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 10. 1899.
DREYFUS SACRIFICED
TO SAVE FRANCE.
« •. \ 88 82 88 % 88 28 S3 85 82 82 .88 SJ 82 83 88 88 83 83 83 88 82 82 88 8? 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 88 82 82 88 82 82 82 82 82 SS
i* **
88 SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Sept, 9.— 1 have read the evidence of- a
£• fered in the trial of Dreyfus only in the most desultory man- §
•; nei\ I have read sufficient, however, to learn the character as
ss of the evidence which has been submitted and accepted by §
c, the court-martial, and if it is upon such that Dreyfus has been a
« convicted the verdict to my mind is remarkable and certainly £
§ unjustifiable. : ; JAMES D. PHELAN. ,«
■«888288KIt588SS5828282825! 88 82 88 82 82 88 88 lltf 82 82 ; 82 82 82 ?2 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 88 8? U 82 »828288828282 82 82 S3
Prominent residents of San Francesco
are of the opinion that- the second con-'
viction of Captain Dreyfus , is' an In
justice, but that the verdict probably
saves France from a revolution. Here
are some interesting expressions on the
subject:
Raphael Welll, a leading representative
of the French .colony in San Francisco: ■.
"1 have not for a moment since the flndrj!
Ing of the Supreme Court of France at
tributing the bordereau in pjain language
to Esteihazy, but leaving the revision of
tin trial of 1534 to its natural judges, the
military court, expected ■ any other ver- '
diet than the one rendered at Renn» s. The'!
matter Is not ended here. Dreyfus per
sonally must disappear, and the- mojn,en- ;
lous time has now arrived whin France
must come to a conclusion whether .the.'
military oligarchy is to reign supreme.,;
If It la to reign. Its dislocation is | not
very far off. i hope the spirit of 17S0 will 1
be revived, and that this court of liars,"
forgers iind perjurers will Ond In a new:
revolution their downfall and the resur
rection •■! a great and liberal France," j
Speaking of further proceedings under
the French system; Mr. Welll said: "This
case will naturally go to a military court
of appeals, where only th«vcold law will
be considered: I have no doubt the court
of appeals will ainrni the Judgment of
the court-martial. The condemned man
cannot bo to a civil court, but it the Min
ister of Justice finds an error upon any
new point or revelation he can have the
Cassation— the .supreme court of France
take the matter under review. The su-«
preme court may order another revision
or dismiss the whole proceeding. Th« en
couraging sign to me— the one ray of
sunshine In ail the darkness— is that two
members of the court-martial had the
courage to vote tor acquittal. In France
the Judges vote viva voce, and the names j
of the junior members of the court are
called first. I have an impression that the
younger officers— those nearest to the
people— voted for acquittal."
Dr Louis Bas*t, 910 Geary street, late
member of the Board of Health: "what
do I think of the verdict? What can I
think In view of the meager information
furnished me through the columns of the
newspapers, and besides from the fact
that the Government has withheld the
secrets of the dossier? At first— that is,
at the time that Dreyfus was on his first <
trial—] believed him guilty. 1 did not
consider that the French Government
would place an Innocent man on trial on
such a serious charge as high treason If
there were not some proof against him.
With this view of it I believed him guilty.
Hut when the court of revision on a care
ful examination of the evidence laid be
fore it overruled the first trial and gave
Dreyfus a new trial, then I changed my
mind and now 1 believe him to be inno
cent. I think, however, that the French
Government will ere long recognize this
fact and restore Dreyfus— if not to actual
active service in the army to at least his
liberty. The public mind is so disturbed
at present that it would be unsafe to
acquit Dreyfus. It would be the means
of creating a revolution, and, to prevent
this which would be a calamity to the
whole nation— had to be convicted.
That is all that there Is to It. There is
one thing very certain, and this Is that
if Dreyfus were tried In the United States
he would not be convicted on the kind of
evidence adduced against him in France. \
The Government should have given the;
contents of the dossier to the public- as
well as th« evidence against the accused,
but this might antagonize foreign Gov
ernments and Embassadors. The end is
"Lipman Sachs of Sachs Brothers, Bush
and Sunsome streets: "I consider the
finding of the court-martial very unjust
in face of the evidence ottered— or, at
lea«t - much of it as has been submitted
to the public. Yet, considering the state
of the public mind of the people of
France, no other verdict could be ren
dered which would save the nation from
a revolution. It was either convict an
innocent man and save the military, or
acquit an innocent man and destroy the
military and bring about a revolution.
\ iin you must bear in mind that there
is an exposition coming off fn Paris next
year, and had the court acquitted Drey
hazy's regiment was at the maneuvers
regarding which information was sup
plied. Was Esterhazy there? 1 do not
know. But what is certain Is that Drey
fus, if he was the author of the bord
ereau could not have written at the end
cf August 'I am going to the maneuvers,
since he knew the probationers were not
going. I think I have shown that when
all the points of. the accusation are exam
ined they vanish. So much for the tech
nical value of the bordereau. 1 have ar
gued foot by foot with my honorable
friends on the other side, and I have
shown the fallacy of the mental process
! whereby they have reached the point that
They were able to affirm on their soul and
conscience that Dreyfus is guilty- ]
might therefore, say with pride that I
hive demolished "the case of the prosecu
! "ion But ) am not entitled to do so. I
merely say to the court, be careful. You
I must he certain, and before you .-an say
Dreyfus Is guilty, you must, on your souls
and consciences, be able to declare that
1 here is no doul « that no one but hfihad :
the documents enumerated in the bord
ereau But you do not know what the
i documents are. That is my last word on
1 this portion of the case.
•1 have now to deal with the material
After ti' 1 c usual brief adjournment of
the court. M. Demange resumed his
«si)pech fur the defense. • ■
He dissected the handwriting evidence
and reminded the court of the groans
wt h which M Scheurer-Kestner was
greeted when he displayed the handwrit
fng of Esterhaay In the tribune of the
!/"ls that all you have?" disdainfully
asked the the prosecution has no more."
'••To-day the prosecution has no more.
M Demange said be does not under
stand M. Bertlllon's conclusion. He pro
duced In court a monumental work
sild the lawyer, "but I am convinced
and hope, to prove that M. Bertilion's
Astern Is false But I must do htm the
Justice of saying that when the Prefect
of Police applied to M. Bertlllon he ap
pealed to a man of genius whom, by
the creation of an anthropometric de
partment, conferred upon society an in
estimable benetlt. Still. I can also say,
'You have fallen Into error, which may
De fatal to an innocent man.' "
Proceeding. M. Demange demolished
M llertlllon's theories, dealing at
length with the different contentions,
admitting that some of them might
content certain scientific minds. Hut.
he added. It must not be forgotten that
genius has a dangerous neighbor. >It
did not do to have too much genius, and
■ . ■ ••• -
AMERICANS TO APPEAL
IN DREYFUS' BEHALF
NEW YORK, Sept. 9.— Upon learning: the verdict of Ihe Dreyfus
oourt-martial. Assistant District Attorney Maurice B. Blumenthal took
steps for the organization of a committee af citizens, irrespective of re
ligious belief, and including clergymen of different denominations, to
hold a mass-meeting to protest against the conviction of Captain
Dreyfus. A representative committee will be appointed to wait upon
President McKinley and petition him to appeal to the President of
France to pardon the unfortunate victim. Mr. Blumenthal asserts that
the sentence imposed is of itself proof that the court-martial returned a
verdict of guilty not as the result of their belief in Dreyfus' jruilt, but
partly as a result of^ first, religious hatred and bigotry, and second to
vindicate the attitude of the army and to save from disgrace and pun
ishment the officials who organized and carried out the awful con
spiracy..
, fus,, there 'would, he no exposition, and
there, would nave been no money to spend
in Franco from foreigners In I'.hk). In
; short. Dreyfus had to be convicted to
I say and her army."
j >• San ford Sachs, merchant, 214 Pine street:
] "Dreyfus had to be convicted to save
i France from a revolution. That is all |
I there it: to that. It was much easier to
| cu'ivict one man than put down a rebel
! lion. The, military arm of the Govern-
J in. in had to be upheld at whatever cost
it might be to Dreyfus, justice and the
I people who sympathized with him and the i
; cause of innocence and fair play. Hut .
i theFt? will be a reckoning in the sweet by
; .Ind-'oy. i expected no other verdict from ;
I the court unoer the prevailing excitement ,
and the manner In -which the evidence
| was presented. to the court. Had the trial
been* 1-eld In either England or the united
State* he most assuredly would not have
been convicted.' A military court-martial
in which the honor of the miiitao was at
stake against- one man was too much to
be overcome. Poor Dreyfus hbul to be
crushed to save the army."
Rev. Jacob Nleto, rabbi of the Congrega
: tion Sin nth Israel: "1 have the utmost
confidence, in .-the 'sense of Justice for
I which the French people are noted, i
don't believe that this attempt to throw
! the t-U-.in of dishonor upon this poor, un
fortunate man by the generals of the |
army in order to shield their guilty selves
from detection will meet with that degree
of success which the perpetrators of this
I outrage anticipated tor their diabolical
I scheme. The opera bouffe and Its Unaie
has been most ludicrous. It Is more the
dignity of France, which has been |
humbled to the dust, and the honor of the
French people that has been stained.
Who ever heard of a man guilty of treason
| with extenuating circumstances that was
, neither insane nor in fear of his lifo at
the time he committed what he supposed
I to be. the treasonable act? I feel conn
! dent that the wrong will bo righted for
the honor of France and that Dreyfus
will yet receive justice at the hands of
I his people."
rsatas W. Hellman, president of the
Nevada National Bank of San Francisco:
"The wrongful conviction of Dreyfus is
the result of the hopeless corruption ex
isting in the French army. Had the man
who had been trlen" for betraying the
trusts of his country been acquitted an
exposure of army methods would have
been the next great sensation in Francs
; Realising this the officials banked all fu
• ture scandal by Bending an innocent man
to prison and prevented an Investigation
; into their own acts. The right-minded
people of France know what nas hap
pened, but all the expressions of the hon
est and the just will not right the injus
i tice which has been done. I do not appro
I hend any revolution In consequence of the
. result of the trial."
Attorney General They L. Ford: "I am
1 not sufficiently acquainted with the judi- ;
■ cial procedure In France, nor have 1 read
i the evidence with that care that would
! entitle mo to express any opinion that
i would carry with it much weight or value.
! However, from what knowledge I have of
the case I atnVuuite certain that the evi
-1 dence against Dreyfus at his recent trial
was not sufficient to convict him in an
< American court. As to the laws of France i
1 know but little except as to those laws {
which have been transplanted in Amer
lea but particularly in the State of Lou- i
isiana: and what I say. therefore, is based
j upon American laws and American proce
j dure and the sufficiency of evidence in an
' American court. Guided by these stand
ards, the conviction of Dreyfus was ab- !
'■ solutely unwarranted by the evidence."
Rabbi M. S. Levy. Congregation Beth- i
Israel: "The result of the trial is a blot i
i on the jurisprudence of the present age. j
' It certainly demonstrates that the army :
at all hazards is to be sustained at the I
; expense of Justice. The boasted equality,
fraternity and liberty of Frenchmen is
henceforth a hollow mockery and a sham. j
I The French people, unstable as water, in
their wild delirium of "Vive I'armee" have i
demonstrated their inability for self- I
government. While it has taken 400 years
to teach Spain that vengeance belongs to j
I the Lord, it will take less time to prove It
' to France. The end Is not yet."
Rabbi Isidore Meyers, Bush-street syna
i gogue: "I consider this trial has termin-
I ated unfortunately for France. The case
: was tried before a much higher tribunal
I than the court at Rennes. The higher tri
If. Bertlllon'B work was liable to land |
the Judges In serious error. The . dec
larations of M. Bertlllon himself showed ,
that the experts had not proved the
guilt of Dreyfus. If the handwriting
of the bordereau was disguised, how could
Dreyfus 1 exclamation: "This handwriting
has a frightful resemblance to mine, be
explained?
Counsel said he was convinced the
bordereau was written In his natural
hand by Esterhazy. The paper on which
It was written also condemned Ester
hazy. :
Then M. Demange examined at length ,
the theory that Esterhazy was a straw
man. and showed that this was ren
dered quite untenable by every action
of Colonel Picquart, who was accused
of trying to effect the substitution. How,
If Esterhazy was a straw man, could he
havo lost his head at the moment of his
arrest to such an extent that he con- i
templated suicide? The lawyer contrast- ;
ed the llvos of Dreyfus and Ssterhasy,
saying there were nothing but Idle tales ;
against the former, while the latter was
always iii search of a 5-franc piece. When
the time arrived for the Judges to say
whether the bordereau was in the hand
writing of Dreyfus, they would have to
remember that all the experts admitted :
that it Was not, while all of them Rd- !
mitted that it showed traces of Ester- I
hazy's handwriting. They would also !
have to compare . th* demeanor of Drey- ;
fus during the past five years with the
demeanor of Esterhasy to-day— on |
Devils [stand, constantly turning his eyes j
toward Franco, and appealing to General
de Boisdeffre against his conviction, de- |
manding only justice; the other full of :
recrimination and bitter abuse, writing
insulting letters to the generals. ......
After reverting : briefly to the charges
In connection with the Robin shell, M. Do- i
mange protested against General Mercier's
refusal to discuss the motives as being
merely a psychological question, while in ',
reality it was a. question of common j
sense.' . . , . ', . ..<--..-■■.. • .
There was an entire lack of motive In j
the case of Dreyfus, while there was ;
every motive upon the part, of Ester- |
haxy. Dreyfus- was rich and happy; he
had two children who were his pride, and
joy. and a. wife of whose devoted courage
all were aware— everything a man could
desire. Why should he have risked all ;
that?  . -
M. Laborl then said he. did not desire
to speak.
Major Carriere, however, claimed the |
right to reply. ! • \ '■' '■.*■'* '-. v .
When ; the. court resumed its session af
ter a brief adjournment, the Government !
bunal was composed rvf enlightened, impar
tial and cultured nun of the whole w^rld.
All who have watched the, proceedings
must reach the conclusion that the ver
dict is another miscarriage of justice.
France has been tried by the civilized
world ami found wanting. A chance was
given to France to redeem herself and
win back the good opinion of other na
tions, hut the enemies of France have
prevented the country from redeeming
its honor. If the result .should remain
unchanged civilized nations should show
their contempt for France, and there will
be a chance next year to st»ow It. France
has outrag'd the best feelings of human
it> at the end of the century."
\V. \V. Foote, member of tho California
Paris Commission: "I have followed the
se< end trial of Dreyfus with great att< n
tion and Interest. la my opinion, based
on the evidence that has been published,
his conviction is an outrage on humanity
and a parody on justice. Nothing pre
sented during the whole course of the
trial warrants such a verdict, and the
findings of the court constitute a farce
which becomes a tragedy when their con
sequene'ea to Dreyfus are considered.
This decision of the French tribunal will
be Car-reaching in its effects. It will not
only touch the very foundations of French
official and political life but it will havo
its influence on the politics of the Tutted
States, and will possibly be very detri
mental to the Republican party in this
country In the Influence it will exert on
the next Presidential election, it wili
show the Hebrews of thin country the
evils of an- Imperial policy in which the
military party is the dominant influence."
Rabbi Jacob Voorsanger: "The verdict
was Just what one would have a right to
< sped from such a court. The court
martial was composed of inferior men
wIh i have more or less the fear of their
chiefs before their eyes and of whom one
could not have expected a verdict accord
ing to the law and the evidence. The
Court of Cassation had pronounced the
bordereau to be a forgery and it was fair
ly to be presumed that the court-martial
would not try the defendant on the issue
of treason as it was before the first court
martial in the shape of the bordereau.
This second court-martial lias simply ig
nored the conclusions of the highest judi
cial court in France and has pronounced
a verdict of guilty against a man who
stands untainted in the eyes of the civi
lised world and who is the victim of a
conspiracy in which the chiefs of the
French army are the leading criminals.
aided and abetted by tho Royalists and
ti,.- ultra-Montaines. Few people expect
ed Dreyfus 1 vindication at the hands .of
the second court-martial. But, despite
his condemnation, which simply proves
that the court-martial could not rise to
the dignity of an unbiased judicial trib
unal, the friends of Dreyfus are encour
aged because they feel the end is not yet.
Dreyfus must be either guilty or inno
cent. He has been declared guilty upon
evidence that would be thrown out of
court in any civilized country outside of
France. He will be declared innocent by
the love of justice that I believe still per
meates»the French nation and the end is
n<>t yet. Meanwhile, those who love re
publican principles, let them stand by and
await the contest between this one un
fortunate and his persecutors who have
their own end to serve and whose final
condemnation and overthrow is simply
a matter of time. If there be a little jus
tice left in this world, the farce of the
second court-martial will simply acceler
ate the final vindication of Captain Drey
fus."
William Sproule, traffic manager South
ern Pacific Company: "At this distance
we cannot fairly judge the verdict. It
must be considered that the methods of
conducting a trial and the manner of tak
ing testimony in France are widely differ
ent from the proceedings in this country.
In the dispatches reporting the trial
some little shade of color may have been
given."
William Alvord, Hank of California: '*]
have great sympathy for Dreyfus, and
think that his punishment has been v. ry
severe, but I do not see how the verdict
of five of the seven Judges can be lightly
passed over."
George H. Wheaton, merchant: "Drey
fus' conviction by the court-martial is an
outrage, but I expected just such a ver
dict as was rendered."
Commissary began his reply. He prom
ised to be brief, and said he desired to
set before the court-martial a simple ob
servation:
"Weigh the Importance of the two cat- I
egories of witnesses— those for and
those against the prisoner. Weigh the !
Importance and judge. In all the inde
pendence of your character and all the
strength of soldiers. Proof Is every
where. The hour of supreme decision has i
sounded. France anxiously awaits your |
judgment. I also await It confidently, i
fully maintaining the conclusion already
announced. I demand the application of
article 76 of the Penal Code and article
267 of the Military Code."
The demand of the Government Com
mlssary caused a great sensation in
court.
M. Demange arose to. reply, and his
voice was hoarse from fatigue. He said:
"The Government Commissioner !n re
minding you of the text of the law has
also reminded us of what we already
know, namely, that you are only an
swerable to your -conscience and God for j
your verdict. This is my last word In i
this case. I feel that as men of honor :
and loyalty, and as military officers,
you will never accept as proof the hy- |
pothesis and presumption advanced here,
consequently my last word is the same I
spoke this morning. I have confidence
in you because you are soldiers."
Colonel Jouaust, president of the court,
asked Dreyfus If he had anything to say
in his behalf.
The prisoner arose and In a voice
choked with emotion declared he had only
one thing to say, but of that he was
perfectly assured. He said, "I affirm be
fore my country and before the army that
I am innocent. My sole act has been to
: save the honor of my name, the name
borne by my children. I have suffered
five years of the most awful torture. But
to-day I feel assured that I am about to
attain my : desire,' through your loyalty
and justice."
Colonel Jouaust— Have you finished,
Dreyfus? • : '■' ;l/i'-.
. Dreyfus— Yes. Mr. President.
The" court then retired to deliberate,
and the prisoner left the hall, never to
return, as, in ..accordance with the law,
the verdict was rendered in his ab
sence.
• The ringing of a bell announced the en-
; try of the -judges, -■* an officer ordered
"Carry arms!" 'and '.'Present arms!" the
rattle of rifles followed, and then Colonel
Jouaust marched In. saluted and laid his
kepi on the table. The other judges did
likewise, the gendarmes shouted silence
and the stillness of death fell on the audi- j
ence, who waited, heart in mouth, for the |
announcement of Dreyfus' fate.
Colonel Jouaust then began reading the
judgment, which opened with the ques
tion referred to the judges by the Court
:of Cassation: . . : : - ■
.-. "Was Dreyfus , guilty of entering . into
! machinations to send secret documents
to a foreign country?"
He then Rave the answer that the court
by a majority of five to two found Drey
fus guilty.- 1 ' " ' . ' v ■ " ■
The silence was immediately broken by
a rushing of the reporters to- drop their
previously prepared telegrams into the
fetter box opening into the street, and a
gendarme received them and gave them to
the- respective messengers for transmis
sion by wire. The nois« called forth a >
Btem-cryof "Silence, silence," and again t
all sound was hushed until Colonel !
Jouaust finished speaking. . . .. -■
He concluded by saying the court would
remain sitting until the room was cleared.
Be asked the audience to go out quietly i
ami not to • raise a shout of any sort.
The gendarmes then closed around the :
audience and pressed them outside. Not I
a word was raised by any one. Every- !
thing passed off with complete calm.
As the people emerged the gendarmes i
kept them moving away from the court. I
The small crowd of people outside cheered j
for the army, but the gendarmes did not |
interfere, and there was not the slightest
disorder.
The judgment was read to Dreyfus in
an adjoining little room by the clerk of
the court, M. Coupers. Dreyfus listened
impassive, did not give the slightest sign
of emotion, did not utter a word and
marched back to prison like an automa
ton.
It is understood Dreyfus will ho sent to
Fort Corte, in the island of Corsica.
A largo crowd, which the police kfpt
moving, waited around the square in
Which the telegraph office and the prin
cipal cafes are situated. When the peo
pk' learned the court had been out an
hour it was argued that this meant a diß
afreemeut in favor of Dreyfus. The first
Indication trt these watchers that a result
had h( en reached was when a soldier on
a bicycle came tearing along as fast as
he could from the L.ycee toward the artil
lery barracks.
The soldiers and gendarmes keeping the
streets free sat up in their saddles and
watched the bicyclist as long as he re
mained in sight. This orderly was dis
patched before the court returned, as an
other live or ten minutes elapsed before
the army of reporters and messengers on
foot and on bicycles came in a wave up
the str"et, and the telegraph offlce was in
a pandemonium.. Tt was literally packed
v.itli m^n and women, all struggling to
ward the two little windows where the
dispatches were filed. Meanwhile the
news of the condemnation of Dreyfus had
filtered out to the crowd, but it produced
no excitement.
HOW THE NEWS WAS
RECEIVED BY PARISIANS
PARIS, Sept 9.— At 5 o'clock this
evening every available cafe seat in
the boulevards was occupied, and
minor scuffles were frequent. At about
5 o'clock the Gaulois exhibited to an
enormous crowd a placard on which
were the words "Vive l'Armee,"
which indicated that the verdict was
anti-Dreyfus. The announcement was
greeted with a deep hum of approval
and joy.
The L-ibre Parole announced that
Dreyfus had been condemned to im
prisonment for life. The editions were
absolutely torn from the hands of the
vendors. Tt was almost impossible to
hear opinions friendly to the prisoner.
The masses were hostile to Dreyfus.
But in private circles the verdict was
condemned in strong terms.
The anti-revisionists continued to is
sue editions suppressing the fact that
Dreyfus was condemned to only ten
years' detention.
In the presence of the extraordinary
sentence it is believed the tribunal rec
ognized the prisoner's innocence, but
waa afraid of the generals and public
opinion, and that as Dreyfus has suf
fered five years' cellular imprisonment,
which in France counts for double, he
will bo immediately released.
As this dispatch is sent the excite
ment was wearing away and the peo
ple were leaving the boulevards.
For More Dreyfus See Page 15
ADVERTISEMENTS.
II Has Happened
More than once that a child has been
carried off by an eagle. When such
a thing does happen the press rings
with the story. There's not a line
given by the press to the babies car-
ried off daily by disease. It isn't the
fact of the child being taken .away
that is startling or interesting, it's
only when the method of taking off
is novel that it excites interest. How
many children die who might have
been saved if the mother who bore
them )«ad been able to give them
strength and vitality. Dr. Pierces
Favorite Prescription makes healthy
mothers and healthy lathers have
healthy children, strong enough to
resist disease if they are attacked.
Mrs. Axel Kjer, of Gordonville, Cape Gir-
ardenu Co.. Mo., writes: "When I look at my
little boy I feel it mv duty to write to you.
This is my fifth child and the only one who
came to maturity; the others having- died
from lack, of nourishment— the doctor
said. This time I just thought I would try
your ' Prescription.' I took nine bottles and
to my surprise it carried me through and
gave us as fine a Httle boy as ever was.
Weighed ten and one-half pounds. He is
now five months old. has never been sick a
day, and is so strong that everybody who
sees him wonders at him.' 1
Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets keep
the bowels healthy and regular.
EYE-GLASSES
WITH THE NEW CLIP.
i Photo Goods— Kodaks,
SCIENTIFIC INSTRUMENTS. ... 
Oculists' prescription."! filled. Quick repairing
factory on premises. Phone Main ,10.
OPTICIANS>p HOT .
642 Market St. instruments
unaiß CHOniCit n<nii«i»h
After using Ely's J^f^^^
Cream Balm six weeks iC£&m£tVg\
I believe myself cured /sj^<s?B co ij \
of catarrh. " X^^xjd&j
JOSEPH STEWART, V W 2^jr
Grand Aye.. tT****'!
Brooklyn, N. Y. Jkssffi\
Cream Balm Is placed into nostrils spreads
over the membrane and Is absorbed. 'Relief is
Immediate and a. cure tallow*. It is not drying
—does not produce sneezing. Large Sl-e 50c-
; at Druggists or by mall; Trial Size. 10c. by
I rr.all. ' ' *
ELY BROTHERS. 56 Warren Street. New York.
A TRAVELING SALESMAN
WANTED 1
One who has had experience In paint and oil
or sash and door business preferred. Address,
stating full particulars, experience, salary, etc.
"Sash & Doors." box 2133. Call office.
INVESTMENT OIL CO.,
Adjoining the famous section 20. Coallnga Dis-
L r v!, Ct> T i? re £ , wells now Producing about 4000
I "bis. aaily: limited amount stock will be start-
ed; S3 snare for developing purposes- parties
: buying now will reap all advances;. For pros-
! pectus write or phone JOE D. BIDDLE Gen- I
eral Agent. SO Montgomery st.. Burks ' ticket
i office, phone Black 3334; also A. HALEY, sec-
' retary, office San Francisco Savings Union
j fifth floor, phone Main **;.■
i 4% ■% ■ I ■ ■ ■ and Morphine Habits
Hi 3 a 1 1 *HI curcJ at h>me - Wr!t *
V I SJI 111 111 l for fuU Particulars
If tr ill IVI INDIAN 0 OPIUM CURE.
ill lIS 111 INDIAN OPIUH CURE
%# I I%# 111 B. D. KIMMIB, SOI Turk
- - St., 3&a Fr»MiM*.
DR. KILMER'S REMEDIES.
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT "
Is Not Recommended for Everything.
But if You Have Kidney or Bladder
Trouble It Will Be Found Just
the Remedy You Need.
Kidney trouble preys upon the mind,
discourages and lessens ambition;
beauty, vigor and cheerfulness soon
disappear when the kidneys are out of
order or diseased.
Kidney trouble has become so preva-
lent that it is not uncommon for a
child to be born afflicted with weak kid-
neys. If the child urinates too often,
if the urine scalds the flesh, or if. when
the child reaches an age when it should
be able to control the passage, and it
is yet afflicted with bed-wetting, de-
pend upon it, the cause of the difficulty
is kidney trouble, and the first step
should be. toward the treatment of these
important organs. This unpleasant
trouble is due to a diseased condition
of the kidneys and bladder and not to
a habit as most people suppose.
So we find that women as well as
men are made miserable with kidney
and bladder trouble and both need the
same remedy. The mild and the im-
mediate effect of Swamp-Root is soon
realized. It is sold by druggists, in
fifty-cent and one dollar sizes. You
may have a sample bottle by mall free,
also pamphlet telling all about It, in-
cluding many of the thousands of tes-
timonial letters received from sufferers
cured. In writing Dr. Kilmer & Co.,
Binghamton, N. V., mention the San
Francisco Sunday Call.
Buswell Paint Co.
Manufacturers
Sent Free /Lw^^mmrTr^ C'f 00
Money Back If mjHflflflteaiißir v "I""
you don't like It Spwt||l PER GAL.
710-716 [ESj^MgEi Market St.
Broadway g Es^...'!T»+r> • San
Oakland Wfeiiiit^ T^.wi^g«* Francisco
If your painter or dealer can not furnish the
BUSWELL PAINTS
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
STJTsT
INSURANCE OFFICE
OF LONDON, ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1898, and for the
year ending on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In \pash
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.;.. *250,000 00
! Loans on Bonds and Mortgages ISS.OOO 00
Cash ■ Market Value of all Stocks
and' Bonds owned by Company — 1,514,260 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge . ~\ .-: •.-.■"
of Bonds. Stocks and other market- ■
able securities a3 .collateral
Cash in Company's Office 472 51
Cash in Banks ♦ 170,952 85
interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 23,137 12
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages I.SoO S3
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 274,564 19
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks
Rents due and accrued 1,429 17
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid..
Total assets ■■», 724,971 67
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $18,996 43
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 177,353 57
Losses resisted. Including expenses 10,400 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year ox less, $961,523 12;
re-insurance 50 per cent 450,76156
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,643,-
-119 27: re-insurance pro rata £33.544 53
Gro?s premiums on Marine and In- .
land Navigation Risks. $ ...;
re-Insurance 100 per cent
Gross Premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $ : re-insurance 50 per
con t •.•■....•....*.*.......■*...■*■•..*•
Due and 1 accrued for- salaries, rent,
etc 1,316 67
All other demands against the Com-
pany ■■ 66,962 "23
Total liabilities ..■ ..$1.641334 93
; . :
INCOME.
Net Cftsh actually received for Fire
premiums .....ji.sl'.zos la
Net Cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums v'"i ■
Received for interest on Bonds and ._„„,,
Mortgages Vy.'WV t.OW 00
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources »^«
Received for rents -• .';.'■■» *>
Total Income -JL^Jgi-i?
EXPENDITURE?.
Net amount raid for Fire Losses
. (including JI4S.4W 25. losses of pre-
viotis years) $.«.-«-*- «
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(including $ losses of pre-
vious yearsi
Dividends to Stockholder?
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage ■■ • »42 >3 94 10
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 96.-44 10
Paid for State. National and local
taxes 41. i«* -*
All other payments and expenditures 121.103 06
Total expenditures $1.506.010 M
. —
Losses Incurred during the year $351.310 99
Risks and Premiums. IFire Risks. [Premiums.
Net amount of Risks I
written during the year $223,051,762 $1.954. 00
Net amount of Risks ex-
pired during the year.. 222. 7' ■! 2,124,513 75
Net amount in force De-
cember 31. 1395.... i 707.331: 2.809.642 33
J. J. GUILE. United States Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 24th
day of January. 1399.
EDWIN F. COREY.
Commissioner for California In New York.
J. B. F. DAVIS & SON,
General Agents Pacific Department,
OFFICE 213-215 SANSOHE STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
Telephone Main 5968.
LESLIE A. WRIGHT,
Assistant General Agent.
' *"M&G*3sb&ri W Bls^ u «* non-poi.«onn«,
»'i!a^^a remedy for Gonorrl-.tM,
i«»JSJr <2CUEb "^SSI <.-leet, 3p»rmatorrhceti,
JSeySy »n ito s d»;s.\gi whites, unnatural li#-
BfKm OtuuiMJ ■ (I charges, or any inflamma-
■ *•■>■ not to scrtetnre. tion. irritation or ulcor*-
; ga— Jg?r«Ttau eoaiajian. tiou of mucous m- m-
K*arHEEVANSCHE«!CuCo. branes. Non-astringent.
«SsjL CINC!mTI,O H9i Sold by DrußriM*,
U. 1. a jPWi °r » at in plain \rrar^r.
■*^fflrerah. i^P'ff '■'? exprca*. ore paid, ial
•gJEBH&MggrSMi *M». or alwtthi; ti.rs.
*»^*iSaagßrV' ■ Circuiar Mat w* ntvxA
€> ?PATENTsf j)
ViS^aSQ MARKET SY. SJv^SrtS^MILES OF YACHTS
WILL GREET DEWEY
Make-Up of the Great Procession Which
Will Escort the Admiral Through
New York Bay.
NEW YORK, S^pt. 9.— Seven miles of
yachts and pleasure craft will follow
In the wake of Admiral Dewey's squad
ron when it sails up North River on
Friday, September 29. That was the
estimate made to-day by General How
landee. Applications for places in
line have been received from owners of
• xcursion steamers in Portland, Bos-
New London, New Haven, Bridge
1' nt. Newburg, Poughkeepsie, Balti
more, Philadelphia and Washington.
General Carroll has appointed to look
th:s section of the parade Lieu
tenant Commander J. C. Fremont of
the United States navy and Frederick
Adams, commodore of the Atlantic
Yacht Club. A circular letter was.pre-
I and sent to the yacht clubs and
ptancee received from the New
York, Eastern, Stamford, In
iii.-in Harbor, Corinthian, Pontaqulth-
Corinthian, Bridgeport, American and
Seawanhaka-Corinthian Yacht clubs.
The parade will be in two divisions,
each under the command of especially
• ■ rs. The yacht squadron di
vision will be headed by the flagship
Corsair of the New Fork Yacht club,
■with Commodore .1. Pierpont Morgan In
command!. Following the Corsair as
I uesi of honor will bo the Erin, with
Sir Thomas Llpton on board.
Pir Thomas Lipton, in accepting the
invitation to be the guest of honor,
v rote:
It was with filings of yon- gr^nt
pride and pleasure that I received your
and read of the honor which your
GOLD FOUND OK
CROOKED CREEK
Good Supply of Pro
visions in Dawson.
Special Pl!=ratoh to The Call.
TACOMA Sept. 9. — The steamship
of Seattle arrived to-day with pas- \
ra who left Dawson on August 27 i
\ new strike Is reported on .
iked Creek, a small tributary of the,
rt River. It is said to show plenty j
d. The stampede to it was wholly
wart Btver and the up country.
Sibyl, the Canadian Development
iiiy's lower river boat. Is reported
ive broken the cable at Five Flngera
r recent trip up, anil to also nave
with an accident on her down trip.
Timers wore transferred to the
t earner Canadian for Dawson.
Immense quantities or" provision* of all
31 ■<1 at Bennett or being: !
down the river by steamers and
rrival of steamers from St. ;
.Michael in August had filled the Daw- '
. and it is claimed that I
■ ■• market will be glutted when the large ,
•■ ks mentioned arrive from up river
avi gone down and snm.-
Dawson has enough provisions to
last t. :
Thomas \\ urbnrton and John Cameron
sold N". -. below on Hunker, for :
spot '/ash to the Dime Gol* Mining
above on the same creek,
company fur (250,000. :
pectore returning fmm the report
; . oi the Big Salmon say the linds
. ■ •'
A letter from Dawson states that "Nlp
pr Jim" Dougherty ;ui.l "Swiftwater
no longer reckoned
Klondike millionaires. It is claimed that
money heavily in some of j
their mining and business ventures.
George Bowman of Bridgeport. Conn.,
arrived to-<lay accompanied by his part
.ViilUuu Johnston. Bowman Is the
who was reported to have be'-n
murdered by Johnston just a year
ear Dawson. The story was brought
a man named Sachs. Both
the story was wholly without
foundation, though it has caused their
East and in Scotlnnd much worry.
them had seen or known Sachs.
Dependable Drugs
Stoves and
Curling
Irons
An alcohol stove will produce heat
instantly.
In cases of sudden sickness It is ex-
ceedingly useful. It's action is im-
mediate — no delay nor trouble.
Besides, it is odorless and quite safe.
A few curling irons at small prices.
Alcohol Stove 25c
Oldest and most useful alcohol
stove ever invented. Circular
asbestos burner sets inside stand-
ing triangle which also holds
cooking dish or pan.
Pocket Stove 40c
Detachable metal base arranged
to regulate height of dish from
flame incloses burner. When
complete it is 3 inches in diameter
and two inches high.
French Stove 50c
Has the appearance of a tin dip-
per with long tin handle. Holds
half a pint of alcohol. Three
wire prongs raise above flame to
uphold dish or pan.
Curling Irons $c
A curling iron eight inches long.
with plain wooden handles and
strong spring.
Six inches long, hard wood
handles, well made with lOC
heavy springs.
Curling Iron Heaters 15c
Small alcohol stove for heating
curling irons; four inches long,
made of tin; detachment to rest
Iron on while heating.
* 1128 MARKET St., 8. F.
(■ TIL. SOUTH 161
1 oth A BROADWAY (TKI-MAm 309' O»KL«WD
committee proposes doing me in con
nection with the reception of Ad
miral Dewev. More particularly do I
esteem thi* kindness, seeing that
have always been a great admirer of your
gallant admiral, and I have watched with
deepest Interest his wonderful success in
the great task which he undertook at
Manila.
It is therefore highly gratifying to me
that my yacht should be granted an op
ji'irtunity" of taking a position, whatever
it may be, and of thus dolne honor to an
admiral of whom the whole world to
day Is justly proud. It will also afford
me great pleasure to make an electric il
lumination of the Krln in the admirai 9
honor on that night.
Among the yachts that have been
given places in the line are the Ad
miral, Aloha, Albert, Aquilo. Barra
couta, Cara, Columbia, Courier, Elsa.
Feliola Gretchen, Hiawatha. Jathaniel.
Kanawaha, Katrina, Mindora, Narada,
Nourmahal, Oriental, Sagamore, Sap
phire, Sultana. Tide. Varuna. Zara,
Stellar, Niagara. Marietta, Nearia.
America, Chetolah, Marguerit* and
Then si.
A i a conference between General Car
roll, Captain Fremont and Mr. Adams
it was decided that a map be prepared
of the bay and North River from the
Narrows to Grant's tomb, giving a dia
gram of the exad route which the pa
rade is i<> take and Indicating the posi
tion which will be assumed by each of
the warships.
Copies of the map will bo Font to all
masters of merchant vessels in the
harbor and to all yacht clubs, with ex
plicit instructions as to the position,
line of parade, time of starting and of
tinning the flagship Olympia.
CHOSE DELEGATES
TO CONFERENCE
Work of Methodists at
Pacific Grove.
St>orl;il r'lsr'atch to The Call.
PACIFIC GROVE, Sept. 9.— The ses
sion of the Methodist conference to-day
■ was given over largely to balloting for
the remaining fou: delegates and three
alternates to the coming General Con
ference. An executive session of the
body was held in the afternoon. Quite
a division among conference members
existed regarding the proper persons to
elect as representatives from this body
;to the general body, and votes were
badly scattered, necessitating the tak
: ing of four ballots to elect the requisite
number of delegates. Considerable
electioneering was noticeable about the
vestibule and ante-rooms of the church
before the conference convened and
often during the session, but on the
whole men elected are very satisfactory
to the conference.
The first ballot was taken at 9:30 !
this morning, 173 votes being cast, mak
ing 87 necessary to elect. Dr. E. Mc-
Cllsh, chancellor of the University of
the Pacific, received 130 votes and Dr.
F. D. Bovard of Santa Rcsa 111. Both
were declared elected. On the second
ballot Dr. E. R. Dille of Oakland was
elected, receiving 11!" votes. The third
ballot resulted in no election. E. i*.
Dennett and J. N. Beard tying, and on
the fourth Dennett received the ma
jority.
This makes the complete list of dele
gates as follows:
J. D. Hammond, Eli McClish, F. D. !
Bovard, E. H. Dille-, E. P. Dennett; al- |
ternates, Robert Bentley, J. N: Beard, j
and E. D. McCrary.
Business was carried on while ballots j
were counted, the presiding elders' re- j
ports being continued from Thursday.
Dr. M. c. Harris reported for the Jap
anese district. Dr. F. J. Masters the
Chinese district, Dr. S. G. Gale th.-
Napa district, and Dr. John Kirby the
Oakland district, all of which app ar
to be in a prosperous and flourishing
condition. During the morning session
a committee from the lay electoral con
ference and the lay association pre- !
sented greetings to the conference, and
Bishop Ninde responded on the part of I
the conference, speaking of the Interde
pendence of the laiety and the ministry j
of Methodism and the fraternal bond j
that connects the laymen with the
clergy of the church.
The committee announced the names I
of the delegates elected to represent
the laiety of this conference in the
General Conference, as follows: Rolla I
V. Watt, George D. Kellogg, and pro
visionally if equal lay and ministerial
r< presentation is allowed in the coming
conference, T. B. Hutchinson, Chauncy
H. Dunn and James A. Johnson.
On motion of the presiding elders,
the body voted to change the relation
of E. A. Wible, J. R. Wolfe, G. G. Wai- i
ters, Esdras Smith and W. F. Warren
from effective to superannuate, and at
his own request to make Dr. John Coyle
of Berkeley supernumerary for one
year. At 2 p. m. an executive session
of the conference was held for the pur
pose of looking into the question of debt
and other matters connected with the
maintenance of the University of the
Pacific. The debt of $58,000 now on the
institution is to be lifted by bonding.
Mix thousand shares were subscribed
for to-day. The question of making
the Institution interdenominational was
also discussed, but no conclusion was
reached.
The evening 1 session was devoted to
a meeting in the interest of the Twen
tieth Century movement. Dr. A. T.
Needham of Oakland presented the
subject with reference to liquidating
church debt and Dr. E. McClish of the
University of the Pacific with reference
to education.
COUNTESS DE RAISME
SWINDLED BY A GYPSY
I Special Cable to The Call and N'tw York Her
ald. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gordon
Bennett.
PARIS, Sept. 9. — That amusing
gypsy, Cernusky Lazarowieh, gave his
impressions, disguised, as evidence in
the Dreyfus trial. Some one of the
same name, Lazarowich, played a minor
part in a little swindle whereby a lady
who has been younger— l am speaking
!of the Comtesse de Raisme — was in
duced to part with 75,000 francs in re
turn for a promise of marriage with a
gypsy violinist of the Higo type, only
more so, that is to say, blacker and
greasier.
His name is Backi. He spoke but lit
tle of any language, so Lazaro witch
translated his tender sp*-e<-hes for the
Comtesse and wrote letters for her
when Backl was absent. When Baoki
had got the 75,000 francs his absence
became permanent, and the Comtesse
brought suit against him.
The only satisfaction she has received
so far is to have her gipsy charmer sen
tenced to three years' imprisonment
and 100 francs fine. It is doubtful, how- ,
ever, when each of these debts to so
ciety can be collected for Backi is in
England. « '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1899.
BOERS HOPE
FOR AMICABLE
SETTLEMENT
Englishmen Excited Over the
Possibility of War in
Transvaal.
DETAIL OF TROOPS.
Chances of a Struggle Disouesedin
Germany and Public Sympathy Is
Mainly With the Boers.
Specla-l Dispatch to The Call.
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
♦ ♦
•f LONDON, Sept. 9.— The troops ♦
♦ going to South Africa, as the re- -f
■f suit of the decision of yester- +
•♦• day's Cabinet council to send 10,- ♦
♦ 000 soldiers, will proceed to Na- -f
-f tal, bringing the total number of +
■f- men in that colony up to 15,000. * ■+■
>■ Reinforcements numbering 5000 -f
♦ men will be drawn from India, ♦
♦ ♦
| LONDON, Sept. 9.— War talk has
| been in everybody's mouth. From the
dignified statesmen to the saucy bar-
E maid, all are eagerly discussing the
chances of another conflict with the
, Transvaal. Nothing else has been
heard In the clubs and hotel corridors.
The jingo fever is at its height. A
declaration of war is looked fur at any
moment.
Yesterday's Cabinet council attracted
great public interest and attention,
more bo than any meeting of the Min
isters since the stormy days of the
Gladstone regime.
A large crowd of well-dressed per- i
son? assembled in Downing street and
. in the Foreign Office quadrangle, many
Americans being noticeable in the
throng. Among the Ministers interest
largely centered upon Mr. Chamberlain
and when he reached the Downing
street entrance of the Colonial Grace
there was a rush to get a close view
. of him. The War Office is very secre- j
tiv.- concerning England's preparations,
. but that department's officials have
been working day and night for weeks.
Tlv greatest activity reigns at Alder
shot and other Important military cen- j
1 ters. It is known that the expedition
■ ary forces to the Transvaal will have
i ' a considerable body of cavalry in ad
, dition to the mounted infantry at
. tat bed.
Military men agree that in the Boers
England will have an adversary the ;
! like of whom the British troops have
■ not faced since the Crimean campaign,
! ! and it is believed an overwhelming
force will have to be put in the field
: to insure success.
As to the cost of the campaign, a
statistician computes it would c< 3t
England £75,000,000, or as part of the
national debt, £2,000,000 a year, which,
of course, would come out of the poor
man's pocket through tobacco, beer or
tea. The Government, however, esti
mates the cost of the expedition at
£5, ),000.
PRETORIA, Sept. 9.— ln the course
of an interview to-day State Attorney
Smuts said that the Transvaal, having
withdrawn its offer of a five-years'
franchise, th-> conditions thereto at
tached, namely, the relinquishment of
suzerainty, also falls to the ground. He
: understands the Transvaal's last dis
i patch as an acceptance of the proposal
! for a joint commission of inquiry.
The Transvaal, he said, is anxious to
terminate the tension existing because
trade is stagnant and the country is
I being ruined. Hence tho Transvaal has
a greater interest than has th>- British
I Government in bringing about a settle- i
! ment. He declared that he fully !>•■■
! lieved the British Government desired |
i a peaceful solution of the difficulty and i
expressed the opinion that the Trans- ]
vaal's last dispatch would further that
! end. ,
BERLIN, Sept. 9.— The probability of \
, war between Great Britain and the
f'rmisvaal is discussed with great in- i
i terest. The press comment is mostly (
i unfavorable to Great Britain. The gen
eral opinion seems to be that the Boers
j were wrong in making the suzerainty |
question the main issue. Still, while ■
! Great Britain has doubtless secured a (
free hand, it is not likely that Germany, ]
| France and Russia will remain impas- j
sivo spectators of all the complications
j which will possibly arise out of the war. ]
If the British are defeated there is a <
splendid chance for Germany in South j '
Africa, while in the case of a British <
victory the Boers will emigrate en
masse to German territory. Then, it is ]
| added, Great Britain will want also to
j oust Germany from South Africa. ■
Watchman Drowned.
STOCKTON. Sept. 9.— \V. Ross, watch
man of the Navigation Company's steam
er Marrin. fell overboard and was
drowned this afternoon as the steamer lay
at anchor near Schultz landing, Hnuldlh
Island. Ross was on the upper deck and
through some unknown cause lost his
balance and was swept undrr the boat.
A search was made for hip body, but at
last accounts it had not been recovered.
COLONEL BADEN POWELL, Who Reviewed the British
Troops in Natal Yesterday.
JAMES B. EUSTIS
CALLED BY DEATH
Former Embassador to France and Ex-
United States Senator From Louisiana
Succumbs to Pneumonia
THE LATE JAMES B. EUSTIS.
NEWPORT, R. L, Sept. 9.— James B. I
Eustis, Embassador to France during
; the .second Cleveland administration
and formerly a Senator from Louisiana,
: died at his summer home in this city
! at 8 o'clock to-night of pneumonia. M^.
Eustis was taken ill on Wednesday,
but the local physician thought the
trouble to be heart failure.
The patient grew worse on Thursday,
developing symptoms of pneumonia,
and ..n Friday there was a consultation
of physicians, who stated that there
was scarcely any hope of recovery. The
end came to-night very peacefully. Mr.
Eustis' son, James B. Eustis Jr., and
his daughter, Miss Celeste Eustis. were
at the bedside.
No arrangements have yet been made
for the funeral, but it is thought the
body will be taken to Louisiana.
Mr. Eustis came to his summer home
on Charming avenue, as was his cus
tom, early in July, intending to re
main until autumn. All the early part
of the Bummer he was in excellent
health, devoting many hours to a crit
ical review of the Dreyfus case, in
which was embodied much valuable
material gathered during his official
residence in France. The extreme heat
prostrated Mr. Eus-tis and at the time
It was attributed in part to overwork.
As he had never been troubled with
his heart, no special anxiety was fell
at the prostration, and later he seem
ingly recovered his strength and vigor.
It was not until the recurrence of the
trouble the past week that his illness
was looked upon in a serious light, and
then it was diagnosed as secondary
pneumonia. Emm the rapidity with
which dissolution came it is evident
that the disease was firmly rooted In
the earlier attack.
James Riddle Eustis, lawyer, soldier
and statesman, came of an old New Or
leans family, than which none stood
higher in Louisiana, socially or finan
cially. Leaving Harvard law school
he went directly to his father's office In
New Orleans and became an immediate
success. Possessed of remarkable in
tellectual powers, his legal learning, to
which he was constantly adding, his
ambitious industry and his wit, elo
quence and delightful manners gave
him an independent position while he
was still very young. With the break
ing out of the Civil War young Eustis
volunteered as aid de cam]) on the staff
of General Magruder and was with him
until the general was relieved after the
slaughter at Malvern JIM.
Mr. Eustis took part in various enter
prises and especially distinguished him
self at the battle of Galveston. Toward
the close of the war he went on the
staff of General Joseph E. Johnston,
remaining with him until he received
his parole, signed by General Schofield.
After the war Mr. Eustis went back
to his professional work. Always a
lover of books, he took his recreation
in his library, among other things
translating Guizot's "History of Civili
zation" into English.
He yielded to an invitation to go into
politics as a member of the Legislature,
and in that capacity was appointed a
member and afterward spokesman of a
committee of three sent to Washington
to try to arrange for the reconstruction
of Louisiana. His varied labors break
ing down his health, Mr. Eustis went to
Paris, and was there during the Fran
co-Prussian War.
Upon returning to this country he
distinguished himself as a professor of
law in the Louisiana State University,
as a practitioner before the higher
courts, and as a United States Senator
for ten years. Senator Eustis stood
up for what he regarded as Democratic
principles with characteristic frankness
and boldness. He was recognized as
one of the most eloquent orators in the
| Senate, the Senators basing their high
estimate of his oratory not so much on
speeches he made in open session as
upon those he made in executive ses
sion.
Curiously, yet naturally enough, the
best speech he ever made, which was
made in executive session during the
Panama Canal discussion, was a
eulogy on France, which stirred the
Senators so that they came from all
parts of the chamber to congratulate
him, the presiding officer sending him
a note saying that he could not wait
ujitil released from the chair to compli
ment him on his speech.
In 1593 President Cleveland, who was
a cordial friend of Senator Eustis. ap
pointed him Minister to France.
EAST-BOUND EXPRESS
HELD UP IN ARIZONA
Four Men Who Were Working as
Hay Cutters Are Sus-
pected.
EL PASO. Tex.. Sept 9.— The eastbound
Southern Pacific train, it is reported, was
held up early this morning at Cochise
near AVilcox. Ariz., by four men who hired
out as haycutters near there several days
ago.
NATIVE SONS AT
THE STATE FAIR
Parade and Reception at
the Grounds.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 9.-The first
week of the -most successful State fair
ever held in this commonwealth closed
in a blaze of glory to-night. The fact
that this was Admission day had con
siderable to do with the exceedingly
large attendance at the pavilion to
night. This was also Native Sons and
Daughters day and they were here in
large numbers from various parts of
the State.
Delegations came from Sorenton,
"Woodland, Dixon, Lodi, Auburn,
Marysville, Gait, Elk Grove and other
localities and they were lavishly en
tertained by the members of the order
of this city. Some of the visiting par
lors brought brass bands with them,
and all day long the sound of music
could be heard in every principal por
tion of the town.
When the train from San Francisco
arrived the depot was jammed with
members of the Native Sons and
Daughters parlors, who were there for
the purpose of receiving a number of
special guests, among whom were Cap
tain W. J. Hanna, Lieutenant John F.
Lucey and Sergeant Major Frank F.
Atkinson of the California Heavy Ar
tillery, which recently arrived from the
With infinite care
Exlra Pale
is brewed into a liquid
food.
Made of the best
of materials; filtered
and aged before bot-
tling; then sterilized —
"Pasteurized" — it
becomes an article fit
for daily use in the
household. Qt«.,»t«.,iMM*«*
Your grocer or telephone West 144.
California Bottling Co.
1407-17 Eddy St.
ADVERTISEMENTS^
...AUTUMN ATTRACTIONS...
Each day brings additional novelties to augment the beauty and strength of our
Fall display in our various departments. ,
„ The LATEST and MOST ELABORATE styles of Silks. Dress Goods. Trimmings.
Neckwear, etc.. In vogue this season, produced by the most renowned European and
American manufacturers, are now on exhibition. ■:-;'.;-■>
Our earnest desire is to have our friends and patrons inspect these exquisite
Novelties which we offer to-morrow at prices guaranteed the lowest
STARTLING VALUES IN NEW FALL SILKS AND DRESS GOODS.
3500 yards plain and changeable A _ A most exceptional purchase- of Black
Taffeta Silks, in all the new Fall LL ft Mohair Crepons, in all the desirable and
shades, an exceptionally good qual- nHli much sought after designs, enables us to
Ity. On sale at, yard WWW make this Grand Offering:
21-inch .Tacquard striped a . «« 73 pieces 42-inch English Plerola A _
Corded Taffeta. in the prettiest f" I fin Crepons, In pretty raised effects; [I n
and most fashionable Fall col- .ft I-I It I worth regularly $150 yard. For it .9l.
orings. On sale at, yard WHMW to-morrow (Monday) only. yard.... WWW
i 24-inch Corded Taffeta, solid color ground. 45 pieces fine Black Blister Crepons, in
in the following new Fall shades: Violet, brilliant mohair and poplin grounds. In all
Cyrano. Bluet Gray. Brown A . A_ | new and raised effects, al- a . _ A
and Purple. This silk cannot PI HCj ready shrunk: can be made Pi El fl
V Sl,,'" less than oIIZU without lining the skirt; well .\ Jj Sj
Jl la. While it lasts, at, yard.. VMfcW worth $2 00. At, yard VllW
aaMOMWMMraanmMMMi Colored Silk and Wool Matlasse Suitings,
Ann _ .1 ! soft and fluffy. in the new Fallout AA
MarVelOUS shades, of Tan. Brown, Green. PI? 1111
Til 1 n>n y-« m i Blue, Reseda and Fuchsia. On All- II i f
Black Silk Offer. | «*»«". suit
__ ,„ , 44-inch French Chiveron Crepons, the
, Vrl p£? On sale (for to - morrow most popular fabric produced A _ _^
only) 2»00 yards 24-inch Black Taffeta this season, In all the newP/ XIIK II
Silk of J a very fine lustrous finish. Fa n shades. Your choice at -5(iOU
a quality most reliable, very suitable su |t VI IwV
rt s; e e^y y^d' worth tTSif and ! „^jnch 'ali:^,' V^Uan ' Suitings, of a
_ __* _«. __ _- brilliant finish, in the most a , A _
ON SALE Q&ZC correct Fall colorings, the Ideal V I HL
AT . .... O **9 YARD cloth for a swell Tailor-made A I ./ It
— — — — — — T^mm* 11 1 Suit. On sale at, yard VllfcW
a d,l?[ l a y of t NEW PLAIDS. "
It Is admitted that we show and sell more Plaids (so popular for skirts)
than any other house in this city. Our plaid prestige rests not alone on our
superior and more extensive showing, but on the extremely low prices which
afford a saving that Is so palpable that all well-posted buyers come to us
for their choosing. On sale to-morrow at
50c, 75c, $1, $1.25, $1.50 to $3 yard.
A SPECIAL A SPECIAL IN
CURTAIN OFFERING. NEW SILK WAISTS.
We have been most fortunate in secur- 85 Ladies' best quality Taffeta Pllk
Ing from one of the loading New York Waists, corded front and back, with
Importers an entire sample line of Not- corded stock collar, in all theaA Aft
tingham Lace Curtains at an enormous new Fall shades, in all sizes: &- 1 1 3 Pi
discount. There are only one or two pairs good value at $S 00. Your cholcejjjfj. II 1 1
of a kind.' hut an endless number of the at, each w**l MV
choicest styles and designs; they meas- ;■■ ■ _,,.. ■.' ;'•;
ure 34 yards long and 50 to 54 A . — _ la dozen new Flannel Waists made of
inches wid* Regular price, Pi Oil an extra good quality Ladies' Cloth, full
$2 2:. $2 50 and $300. To-mor- .It I. [1.1 tr " nt trimmed with two rows of Soutache
row's price, your choice at. pr. MJIIUU Braid and lined throughout In .__
i the following shades: Cardinal. * ' I /I*
TURKISH TOWELS. Brown, Navy and Black, all 51. f 3
1 UnrVlOil IUWLUO. Blzes; reg . price $250. At, each will W
50 dozen Bleached Turkish Tow- . _
els, closely woven, a good absorb- LA Vf\T> Tr>-MnrrnW (Inly
cnt kind; size 21x43; special at, I 511. TUI 1 U-ITIUI IU W \Jlliy .
each IWU. 12 dozen Ladies' Flannelette Night
100 pieces German Eiderdown Flannel, Dresses, made of an extra quality Tennis
the choicest Fall patterns; no jj»i Flannel, in dainty stripes and _ _
Other style is better adapted for I'll ft checks, double plaited yokes, all LLa
Ladles' Wrappers than the one l/ 01. sizes. On sale (Monday only) Bpe- QtJ'l
■we offer on sale. Special at, yd. '«*V| cial at, each WWW
THAT GREAT HEn FOR D ao * Pi Kfs Plnuo
GLOVE EVENT HOC THE DtfOl dliOU blOVc
The unprecedented success of last week's enormous sale of Ladles' Real
French Kid Gloves, notwithstanding the fact that hundreds of buyers were
unable to reach our counters during the busy hours, prompts us to repeat this
extraordinary sale to enable every one to secure the greatest bargain ever
offered in this city.
300 dozen real French Kid Gloves, manufactured for this season by a fore-
most glove maker of Grenoble. France, in laap fasteners, with hand- *« _
some one and three row self and contrasting embroidered backs, in the NL«
new Fall shades, in all sizes; every pair fitted and guaranteed; positively rj»jll
worth $150 at the unapproachable price of, pair W\M
Jt will pay every reader of this advertisement to attend this remarkable
sale and purchase three, six or one dozen pairs at the above astonishing
prices, for such an opportunity will never present itself again.
BEE WINDOW DISPLAY. COUNTRY ORDER 3 RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION.
Philippines. Captain Hanna is a mem
ber of Sacramento Parlor No. 3, the
soldiers were residents of this city
when they joined tho volunteer army,
and mainly on their account did all the
Native Sons and Daughters of the capi
tal city do them honor. They were con
veyed to the hall in a four-in-hand
and in the afternoon they were taken
to the park, where they were given ad
ditional attention.
In the evening they were given a
prominent position in the monster pa
rade. The procession was headed by
the Exposition band, and interspersed
in the pageant was the Native Sons'
band of this city, a drum corps, also
from this city, and the bands from
Dix<>n and other places.
The Pavilion was jammed with peo
ple by the time the parade reached it.
and considerable exertion was required
_ tci | fiFPfIfUIPfIKT
'^<sf!3^|isPpiJ|§||^§^ I LLL ur UUIfiIUIII
VRpp^^&x EJfYIWIuP'A A? /JFJP^sssf/ was not able to do
\w|'^**^^\ MAmmJUt MlfflkßM /ML*B^JH housework, was
\liv^ril^^C*OFllEi%s^£§C^^Js/ ver y nervous and weak
- "/an lam entirely cured and free of
all pain. I can recommend Hudyan to all suffering women who are af-
flicted as I was, and lam sure that it will do all that is claimed for it I
have gain d in weight and strength. MRS. T. J. MERTENS.
.LOS ANGELES, Cal. i \:. PORTLAND Ore
Hudyan Doctors-Dear Sirs: Every My Dear Doctors: Mv trouble was nerr-
woman who suffers should know of your ous prostration and female weakness. I
good medicine I suffered with female was a very sick woman. Began taking
weakness and kidney trouble. Would -have Hudyan three months ago. Within six
pain in the back and over bowels, head- weeks' time I considered myself perfectly
aches, was nervous, could not eat and v.as cured. I felt better from the very iirst
pale and weak I also had leucorrhoea very dose. My appetite Is now good. I am not
bad. I treated for three years with doctors, nervous, hive gained in weight and
but I grew steadily weaker, until I began strength, and beat of all. I suffer no more
taking Hudyan. lam happy to say that pains. i can recommend Hudyan for
your Hudyan relieved me of all these symp- women's weaknesses
turns. MRS. CARRIE WILLIAMS. j MRS. ADDIE BRYANT.
NEW ORLEANS, La.
Dear Doctors: I am feeling so much bet- ■ ESCONDIDO, Cal.
ter that I consider It my duty to write and Dear Doctors: I feel It my duty to ln-
tell about your Hudyan for the benefit of dor^e Hudyan, because it restored me to
other sickly women. For four years 1 was perfect health when all other remedies
a constant sufferer with female disorder, failed. I was run down as a result of those
Doctors operated on me twice, and each i diseases peculiar to my sex. Could scarce-
time It left me in a' worse condition than ly walk, I was so weak. It seemed that
before. 1 suffered with dragging pains and my back would almost kill me. I had no
leucorrhoea.. Had no appetite, and bowels appetite and was wtry pale and emaciated,
were constipated. Hudyan cured me per- As soon as I commenced Hudyan I began,
fectly.. But for the memory, of It I would to improve, and to-day I am restored to
not know that I had ever been 111. Hudyan | perfect health. I owe my recovery solely
Is splendid. MRS. JANE KEMI'ER. |to Hudyan. ■ MRS. K. C. TAFT.
LADIES. OBSERVE HUDYAN PROMPTLY RELIEVES THE
FOLLOWING CONDITIONS I
SORENESS IN LOWER PART OF BOWELS. PAIN AND WEAKNESS IN BACK.
NAUSEA. - DIZZINESS, HEADACHES WEAKNESS. PALENESS. ALL-GONE FEEL-
ING. DRAGGING PAINS, IRREGULAR AND PAINFUL PERIODS, PROFUSE OR
SCANTY MENSES. PALPITATION OF HEART. NERVOUSNESS, INDIGESTION.
DESPONDENCY, POOR APPETITE MENTAL DEPRESSION, LEUCORRHOEA
AND ALL OTHER CONDITIONS THAT ARE DUE TO FEMALE DISORDER. HUD-
YAN BRINGS ARSOLUTE COMFORT. HUDYAN CURES PERMANENTLY.
HUDYAN is for sale by druggists— soc a package or six packages for $2 SO.
If your druggist does not keep HUDYAN. send direct to the Hudyan Remedy Co.,
cor Stockton. ; Ellis and Market sts. San Francisco, Cal.
CONSULT HUDYAN DOCTORS ABOUT YOUR CASE FREE OF CHARGE. CALL
OR WRITE.
on the part of the Native Sons and
Daughters in Joining the circuit of hu
manity that filled the main floor and
galleries.
The grand marshal of the parade waa
C D. Crnwell. He was assisted by the
following: C. Battell and J. W. But
ler of Sacramento Parlor; C. Seevey of
Schaden, and J. Straub of Sunset Par
lor; Miss Katie Haley of California
I'iiil'ir; Miss Maude Woods of Stock
ton Parlor; Mrs. Alice Corcoran; Miss
Kthel Flaherty and Miss Lizzie
Haloran of Sutter Parlor.
During the evening a reception was
piven by the Native Daughters to their
friends. The principal feature of the
evening was the concert by thirty-five
musicians, Native Daughters of the
Golden West. They rendered exquisite
music and were given a grand ovation
by the spectators.
34
The progress of
The
Owl
Drug
Co.
Its success and why
WE have purchased this half-
pns^e to give the general
public an idea of the magni-
and enormity of our re-
tail drug business.
We sell patent medicines,
. ■ I stockings and
t arti< les, fill preacrlp-
: do the largest retail drug
In America west of New York.
This may seem like an exaggerated
t, but it is an absolute fact.
We know it and we want yen; to know
It, and we have bought this half-page
■ y.'ii of it.
The last fiscal year, ending June 1,
the greatest in our history.
is receipts cxc led one-half
lollars, thousands of dollars
than any other retail drug com-
.'. est of New York.
\\ c carry over >■""> good selling patent
During this last year we
of Dr. Tra Raker's
and 18,451 bottles of
kham's < "ompound. We men-
these two because they are in
nty-two men and
■ - res md laboratory
S5 square
■ i Drug Company began
. n rune 11, t892, at 112S
t, San Francisco, it was
■ i on this coast of cut-rate
s. We w->re first to
prices and are the original drug
Cut-rates played havoc with
■ drug business throughout the
.-■ te. But we could not help
that. Our mission was-to supply the
Ine buying public with patent
and prescriptions at reason-
affordable prices— do a big busi-
Prior to the opening of our first store,
■rally known that
we Intended to cut prices on medicines,
[the San Francisco
lon and the < 'alifor-
Druggists' Association called
the wholesale druggists of Srin
Francisco and demanded that they re-
The Owl Drug Company
■wi;h drugs and n or they
would boycott these whole-
-h in unlimited quanti-
ultitude of protests and
threats. I essive and honest
ess methods ■• . :■ enabled to
I "• necessary
to supply a rapidly increasing trade.
l druggists' associations
to carry out th"jr designs
: i They have now
li id several years, Tnuch to the
satisfaction and economy of the drug
me consu San Fran-
ilar and th-- Pacific Coast
■ ral.
By breaking up the high-priced drug-
nbinatlon and cutting prices
saved medicine buyers 10 to 50
ent. We have supplied the poor
. ith the very best goods
tain. By our meth-
ive have • :z<-<1 the retail
from one of narrow-
minded, high-priced policy — a game of
rything in sight— to one of
legitimi <s principles.
Th tion departments <>f our
I a policy unique and
ly charai C 'his company.
"We do noi substitute. vv> mi every
ription just as it is written, with
me ingredients the doc-
•■ ds it shall be filled with when
oui the formula. If we
■ 't the Ing ■ ■ lied f^r we
It; II • ' ■ we tell
ill not fill a prescription writ-
3, nor will we
■ doctors on any
- • "»« »;o' ii ii iv j>i I'scnoea. uur way or ; count. I men uiai we can ana. vur prescnp- | ut-ptii uut-ui. nu«evci, »■» c <.uu=iu" n , unco ."  «.....^ ...- T l^ /*% /^
SEND A POSTAL FOR A NEW ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE, NOW IN PRESS.
INSURGENTS
DEFEATED AT
SANTA RITA
Americans Drive Them Back
Without the Loss of
a Man.
BEBEL CAPTAIN TAKEX
Inhabitants of Santa Barbara on
Panay, Fearing a Bombard
ment, Abandon the Town.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANILA, Sept. 9.— A force of 450
, with one cannon, attacked Santa
Rita early this morning, and simul
taneously Guagua and San Antonio
attacked by bodies of rebels num
bering about sixty men.
All tho insurgents were repulsed
without loss to the Americans. Colonel
Bell and his regiment, while attempt
ing to surprise the rebels in the rear.
met two small patrols and succeeded in
DEUTZ & CELDERMANN.
AY, FRANCE.
DEUTZ & CELDERMANN'S
COLD LACK
la without doutt the finest Dry Champami
Tmported from France. Xo connoisseur
should fall to try It.
CHART.KS MKINECKE & CO..
Be!« Agents Pacific Coast,
XU Sacramento street. 8. F.
The Owl Drug Company
ioth and Broadway,
Oakland.
l «£Jj k Jen |Pi; r 4P O s^^ c^ € sb
business they may send us. Drug-gists
who do this sort of thing cannot com-
' pete with us. They are compelled to
add to their own price the doctor's
share, which th<> customer is unjustly
d. Every drug our clerks put Into
prescriptions is the very best we can
obtain, for that is the only kind I
will make good medicine to do the work
for which it Is prescribed, our way of
capturing a rebel captain, a lieutenant
ami six privates.
A Filipino who has arrived here from
the \ Isaya Islands says that Victoria
Nomapa, a prominent and wealthy
lawyer of Iloilo. being forced by pub
lic opinion to declare his politics, has
joined tho rebels.
The inhabitants of Santa Barbara,
the rebel headquarters in the island of
Panay, have abandoned the town. fear-
Ing a bombardment of thi- place by the
United States battleship Oregon.
MUCH SICKNESS IN
MACARTHUR'S DIVISION
MANILA, Sept. 5, via Hongkong,
Sept. 9.— The censor has refused to al
low the following- dispatch, the accu
racy iif which is unquestioned, to be
telegraphed:
The surgeon's reports in regard to
the condition of General Mao Arthur's
division showed that 36 per cent of the
officers ami 25% per cent of the enlisted
men are sick. This includes the sick In
quarters and those sent home. Eleven
per cent of the enlisted men sick in
quarters are mostly suffering from dys
entery and maiarial fever.
PLAN OF CAMPAIGN
FOR THE DRY SEASON
WASHINGTON, Sept. 9.— General
Otis has been instructed in framing his
plan of campaign for the dry season to
allow for the fullest participation of the
naval forces now in the Philippines,
and as soon as he has been heard from
the necessary orders will go forward
to the naval commanders to co-operate ]
with the army to an extent not before i
contemplated. The naval officers have i
always been willing to do this, but j
they have been restrained in their op- J
erations by an indisposition to interfere
in any quarter with the plans of tho
military commanders. The ships will
undertake to capture any of the ports |
now in insurgent possession that may |
be desired by the army, and also to
hold them Indefinitely, thus making it
possible to open the railroad in Luzon
from the northern extremity, while in i
Cavite province, with the large force |
of marines now on hand, it is believed
that the navy ran undertake to relieve
tho soldiers tsationed there and make a
valuable force for othrr operations.
WILL ORGANIZF TWO
COLORED REGIMENTS
WASHINGTON, Sept. 9.— An order
for the organization of two colored reg
iments was issued from the War De
partment to-day. All the field officers
of these two regiments are white men \
now in the regular army.
All the companies are colored men
who served in the war with Spain in
either the regulars or the volunteers. I
The regiments will be designated the '
Forty-eighth and Forty-ninth Volun- j
teer Infantry. The Forty-eighth will
be organized at Fort Thomas, Ken
tucky, and the Forty-ninth at Jeffer
son barracks, Missouri.
The full complement of officers has
be^n selected, and the following are the
field officers.:
Forty-eighth Regiment — Colonel,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1899.
The seventy-two pen portraits grouped below are of bona-fide mem-
bers and employes of The Owi Drug Company's stores and laboratory.
conducting the prescription depart-
ments is cestainly appreciated, fur dur-
ing the last fiscal year our three stores
ailed 91,253 prescriptions. ►
We pay as little as jioppihle for our
Eroods, that will buy good goods. We
buy staples (medicines and drugs that
.'ill keep) in very large quantities, pay
»pot ' ;..- : h and secure every possible dis-
count. I
William P, Duvall, captain First Artil
lery; lieutenant colonel, Thaddeus W.
Jones, captain Tenth Cavalry; majors,
Sedgwick Rice, lirst lieutenant Seventh
Cavalry: Alexander L. Dade, first lieu
; tenant Third Cavalry. John Howard,
: first lieutenant Nineteenth infantry.
Forty-ninth Regiment- Colonel, Wil
liam H. Beck, captain Tenth Cavalry;
lieutenant colonel, Arthur C. Ducat,
captain Twenty-fourth Infantry; ma
jors, Ernest Hinds, first lieutenant
Second Artillery; George W. Klrkham,
captain Twenty-third Infantry; James
E. Brett, captain Twenty-fourth Infan
t IV.
TEMPERANCE WAVE
STRIKES PASADENA
Effort Being Made to Put the Sani
tary District Act Into
Effect.
PASADENA. Sept. 9.-Tho State Anti
• Saloon League, whose headquarters are
i at Oakland, haa begun a fight against sa
' loons and out-of-town roadhouses In
j Southern California, using as its weapon
| the sanitary district legislative act. C.
Garibaldi, who for years has conducted a
saloon a short distance outside the city
limits on Kast Colorado street, has been
chosen aa an example. The citizens of
i Lamanda Park, which Is the nearest post
office met and chose A. L. Schofleld. J. \V.
Hugus, C, A. Day, W. T. Sibley and \V.
A. Weymouth members of a sanitary
board, the district to be established if the
voters so decide at an election to held on
October 10. A majority of the ballots Is
necessary to elect.
The County Board of Supervisors Is
said to believe that the district Will be
established. If so, the sanitary board will
have power to grant or refuse a liquor li
cense and will close Garibaldi's saloon.
I The proprietor believes that his saloon
I will be dosed and has tried to sell out.
I Failing in this he has begun the erection
j of a winery in the belief that no author
ity hay power to prevent his selling his
Own product, even if the city should ex
tend its limits to include the winery.
The local Anti-Saloon League met re
cently and passed resolutions supporting
I the State League and Lamanda Park
League. The State League agrees to bear
the expense attendant to enforcing the
law and all incidental expenses should op
position be made.
Sivnild the election result in establish
ing the district, work will be begun on
other districts in this part of the Stp.te
which have been mapped out by th<- Anti-
Baloon L-ague. The Lamanda district
will comply pretty closely with the elec
tion precinct.
The citizens of North Pasadena have
acted upon similar lines as have the La
manda Park people. Their petition has
nut yet been act'Ml upon by the County
Board of Supervisors.
THREE PERSONS LOSE
THEIR LIVES BOATING
i Accidentally Run Into at Night by
Government Boat and Their
Craft Overturned.
QUINCY. 111.. Sept. 9.— The Government
| steamer Ramona last midnight struck a
skiff containing six belated merrymakers
1 in Quincy Bay. All were thrown into the
• water and three were drowned. The dead
Ere:
john h. wehkamp.
lulu broy.
Mary McCarthy.
Qeorge Lambur and Thomas Dowd of
Quincy and James Driscoll of St. Louis
were saved by clinging to a beer keg from
thy overturned boat.
ADVERTISEMENTS^^
1128 Market Street, San Francisco.
Drugs and medicines that will not re-
tain their strength and purity beyond
a certain time, like Mellin's Baby
Food, dry drugs and herbs, we buy in :
small quantities that we may quickly
dispose of them while fresh and
active.
We pay ;is much for experienced help
as is necessary to secure the very best J
men that we can find. Our prescrip- j
COMMENT ON
KAISER'S SPEECH
Many Catholics Are
Pleased With It.
Copyrighted, 1899, by the Associated Tress.
BERLIN, Sept. 9.— The Emperor's
Bpeecb at Strasburg is variously com
mented on. The Centrist Cologne Yolks
Zeltung i-ays the Cathollca are thankful
his Majesty tries to avoid every con
flict. The Vossische Zeitung considers
the speech to he evid< ntly a reply to
those m;i <i<- by ;i Bavarian priest in
Efetsse, who ;-a!d the throne and altar
could only be maintained by Catholicism.
The Emperor reverses the proposition.
The Boersen Courier says it remains to
be Been whether the relations between the
Emperor and Catholicism will really be
mutual. The Vorwaerta asserts that it
seems the Emperor returned from Pales
tine with a heightened opinion of the
possible usefulness of the church, adding:
"It is no longer the army and nobility he
asks to follow him. He now regards the
clergy ajso as an equally strong ally."
The Tagt-blatt says the Emperor's doc
trine is that of Charlemagne, "which
means antagonism to Papal power."
An eye-witness Informs the correspond
ent of the Associated Press that the Em
peror's reception at Strasburg and Stutt
gart showed that his popularity has
enormously increased in South Germany.
The applause was mostly genuine and
spontaneous. This was specially notice
able in Alsace.
The absence of the French military at
tache from Strasburg was commented
upon, and it is surmised that he acted on
orders from the French Government, so
as not to seem to recognize German dom
ination of the Reichland. It was re
marked, however, at the Strasburg pa
rade that the presence of French-speak
ing people was unusually large. A large
' number of correspondents of the leading
: French papers were present, and they
! were granted every facility and shown
every courtesy. Many of them will ac-:
company his' Majesty throughout the
whole maneuvers.
The noteworthy features of the man
euvers were the Jaegers (sharpshooters)
battalions of the Fourteenth Corps, who
I were equipped with Maxim guns. The
fourth, Eighth, Tenth and Fourteenth
battalions of the sharpshooters, forming
a brigade with three batteries of Maxims,
ecpecially distinguished themselves. The
.correspondent of the Associated Press
hears the Maxims stood the test so well
that all the Jaeger battalions of the army
will Vie equipped with them.
In order to make the resemblance to
| actual war as close as possible neither
1 the regular telegraph nor telephone lines
I were used within the whole maneuver
t. rritory. Instead special messengers on
1 horseback, pigeons and field telegraphs
were employed. Automobiles were used
in transporting provisions and ammuni
: tion and were found serviceable on paved
; roads in Wurtemberg, even on the steep
est grades. A remarkable achievement
, was the successful passage of the steep
! Kniebis pass, in the Black forest, V.VX)
I feet high, by the bicyclist division. The
i naval maneuvers near Heligoland have
i not been sensational.
Following the example of the United
States in the war with Spain the Govern
ment has ordered the equipment of a
number of repair ships for the navy,
i closely patterned after the Vulcan. These
will lie fireproof and will be used in train
ing firemen.
The Vossiocb* Zeitum* print* a hither
tion and head clerks were gathered
from the largest and most reputable
Stores in San Francisco and Eastern
cities. We engaged them because they
were men of ability, and they came to
us because we were able to pay their
worth. Every clerk in our employ is a
registered pharmacist and thoroughly
capable of conducting any drugstore
department. However, we consider it
to unpublished letter from the late Prince |
Bismarck to Field Marshal yon Manteuf
fel, In which Bismarck was far from com- |
pllmentary to the Prussian Conservatives.
This is one of a number of unpublished
letters bought since the death of the Held
marshal by a syndicate of Liberal politl
, ciana. They an said to contain many
'■highly sensational lettois. Including some
i from *tii. old Emperor to his son, then
Crown Prince, in which there are pass
. ages which refer in .surprising terms to
the present Emperor.
The Berlin courts will be busy Septem
ber -."> with the case of Max SchiemamTk,
a major of United States volunteers "Hir
ing the Spanish war. who is charged with
various frauds by which he obtained sums
oi' money.
A line of electric omnibuses was start
ed in Berlin this week.
The Oldest part of the Royal Castle has
just been renovated at a cost of 4,500,000
■ marks, the ancient architecture being re
| tamed.
AN ENTIRE TOWN IS
DESTROYED BY FIRE
Probably the Worst Conflagration
Ever Known in the Forests of
Northern Wyoming.
DENVER, Sept. 9.— A special to the Re
; publican from Cheyenne, Wyo., says:
i Forest fires are now burning in the
I.aramie Peak timber district, in North
■ crn Albany County, and along Muddy
; Mountain, about twenty-five miles south
' east of Casper. Special Agent Abbott of
| the Interior Department, who went out to
j investigate and put out the fires if pos
| slhle, has a force of men working in the
Laramle Peak district, and hopes to over
come the flames within a few days. Noth
ing can be done towaxd fighting the
Muddy Mountain fire on account of the
dense smoke, and it will be allowed to
burn itself out.
During the fore part of this week the
j worst forest'fires in the history of North
| crn Wyoming raged in the mountains be
i tween the north and south forks of the
'• Tongue River, west of Sheridan. Four
j townships were burned over and the town
;of Rockwood was wiped out. The tie
j camp of McShane & Co., together with a
number of sawmills and a large quantitly
of railroad ties and lumber, was de
stroyed. Many tlecutters narrowly es
caped.
LIFE BOAT EQUIPPED
WITH A GAG ENGINE
First Experiment of the Sort Ever
Tried Kesults in Every Way
Satisfactorily.
MARQUETT^, Mich., Sept. 9.— The first
test of a lifeboat equipped with power was
m.ule here to-day and, judging from the
performance, was in every way satisfac
tory. Lieutenant Charles W. McLellan,
assistant inspector of the Life-Saving
Service, was in charge of the experiment.
An ordinary thirty-tive-foot lifeboat had
been fitted with a twelve horsepower su
perior Ras engine. Under full power the
boat made a good rate of speed. During
the drill of the life-savers the boat was
rolled over and over, and showed that the
presence of the engine in the airtight
chamber in no way affected the ability of
the boat to right itself. The engine kept
running no matter what position the boat
was in. Up to this time lifeboats have
had but sails and oars, and It Is thought
engines of this typo will be of great util
ity. _^
Died From a Kick.
ANGELS CAMP, Sept. 9.— Fred Brunner
died suddenly this morning from the ef
fects of a kick over the heart inflicted
two weeks ago. Deceased was a well
known rancher and miner, bavins lived at
this place since the early mining days.
Several children survive him.
The largest retail
Drug
Company
West of
New York.
$500,000 business
320 S. Spring st.,
Los Angeles.
an unsafe policy to allow store clerks
to fill prescriptions. Prescription clerks
attend strictly to prescription business
and store clerks wait on trade. I'ub-
\ic safety and convenience is assured by
keeping' separate these departments.
We started in 189 with one store in
San Francisco. Now we have three
thriving stores in the three largest
cities in California— each store a leader
QUAKER COLONY
IN THE FAR NORTH
Working Among Alaska
Indians.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PASADENA, Sept. 9.— C. C. Reynolds, a |
prominent business man of this city, has j
returned from a long stay In the country
about Kotzebue Sound, Alaska. Reynolds
and his party— a score of men— were elab
orately equipped and built a steamer In j
Kotzebue, In which they prospected the
Kowak River thoroughly without nnding
gold enough to warrant the staking of a
claim. Tnis steamer, the Helen, was the
only one built in the sound. She is 10 feet
beam and 38 feet over all.
Mr. Reynolds is a leading member of !
the Friends church. While at Kotzebue
he was on very intimate terms with Mr.
and Mrs. Robert Sainms and Miss Anna
Hunnicutt, the three Friends missionaries
who went from Los Angeles and 'WhittJer
two years ago and located at Blossom
Cape for the purpose of instructing the
Indians. Despite the misgivings of friends !
of the missionaries, who feared that the
Indians would not be found to be hos
pitable, those missionaries have enjoyed
great success. They have erected a school
building, where the Indians come In the
Hummer to trade with the natives from
Siberia. The American Indians trade furs
to the Siberian Indians for skins of rein
deer, which are made Into clothes. They
are said to take kindly to instruction. The
methods employed by the missionaries are
similar to those of kindergarten teachers.
The English language is the first thing \
taught. Recently the missionaries, who
are without white companions, have built, i
with the aid of a few Indians who stay ■
there the year round, a steamer, with ,
which they visit the Indian villages on the !
Kowak during the summer, carrying with
them balm for minds and souls.
The missionaries have great hardships
to contend with. Mrs. Samms, who is
only 23 years of age, was forced last win
ter to walk forty-five miles over snow and I
ice while working among the Indians. She I
has often slept out on the ice in a deer- |
skin Bleeping-bag, with the thermometer
30 to 40 degrees below zero.
The Reynolds party left in the schooner
Penelope from San Pedro in May, 189S,
and only Mr. Reynolds has seen clviliza- i
tion since then. The other members of
the party are expected home some time
this fall. They failed to locate any claims
in the Kowak or Kotzebue country, but
have several claims near Cape Nome.
DEATH OF L. S. BUTLER.
Formerly Assistant Adjutant General
of the National Guard.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 9.-L. S. Butler,
a watchman in the office of the State
Treasurer, died in this city this morning
unexpectedly. He marched with the Odd
Fellows Thursday night and was at that
time apparently well.
Butler was formerly a resident of Los
Angeles, and at one time was lieutenant
colonel and assistant adjutant general of
the National Guard of California.
BIG BLAZE AT CHICO.
Beer Warehouses and Ice Works To-
tally Destroyed.
CHICO, Sept. 9.— Fire to-day destroyed
the beer warehouse of the Wieland and
Buffalo brewing companies. A. G. Eames'
bottling works and Icehouse and W. B.
in each city — San Francisco, Los -An-
geles and Oakland.
The Son Francisco store, located at
1128 Market street, runs through the
entire block to Turk street, and occu-
pies !<oso square feet, employing forty-
four men and women. This is an all-
night store, and for five years has n>t
closed its doors once. The mail order
department occupies the rear or Turk
street side, and is under competent
management. The men who attend to
the wants of our country friends are
old-time experienced mail order men,
who know the shortest and quickest
routes and cheapest rates to the va-
rious points on the Pacific Coast. Th?y
understand wrapping and packing bot-
tled rredioines and drug sundries to
withstand the carelessness of postal
and express clerks. Mail orders receive
immediate attention and country cus-
tomers are not obliged to pay one cent
more for their purchases than our city
rustomers, except freight or express
charges, which we prepay on $5 orders
or over to railroad points within 100
miles of our stores.
The Los Angeles store, located at 320
South Spring street, was established in
\K<\ and is by far the handsomest ami
best equipped drugstore in the south-
ern city. It, too, is a cut-rate, depend-
able store, and supplies a majority of
the residents of Southern California,
Arizona, New Mexico and Mexico with
drug sundries. This store occupies 11,-
-2f»o square feet and gives employment
to eighteen men and women.
The Oakland store was purchased
from Kirkland & Trowbridpre in l sr >'>
and turned into a cut-rate store imme-
diately. It is on the corner of Tenth
street and Broadway, right in the cen-
ter of the retail shopping district of
Oakland. Being BO close to San Fran-
cisco we do not encourage mail orders
from that point. This store supplies
and delivers drugs, medicines and toilet
articles to the residents of Oakland.
Berkeley and Alameda. It covers 5625
square feet, and ten employes are nec-
essary to attend the wants of its cus-
tomers.
All of our stores are well provided
for public convenience. Ladies' waiting
and toilet rooms, ice- water tanks, tele-
phones, directories, messenger service,
dictionaries, postage stamps, writing
desks and every other little thing that
so greatly adds to the comfort and
pleasure of shoppers and visitors.
Every well-behaved person is welcome,
and while there, whether they purchase
or not, are our guests, and we want
them to feel that any courtesy or favr.r
desired will be gladly granted, and
their presence not considered in the
way <>r out of place.
We have recently established a labor-
atory in connection with our San Fran-
cisco store. It is located at 1051 Market
street . one block from the store. We
have leased three floors, 22x165 feet,
covering 10,890 square feet. Every de-
tail i; modern and affords the greatest
convenience for operation— that of pre-
paring and making chemicals and ex-
tracts, manufacturing our own medi-
cines staple pills, powders, capsules, lo-
tions and bottling, labeling, packing
and shipping the same. It is equipped
with the very latest machinery and
manufacturing apparatus, and is a
modern laboratory in every respect.
Fifteen men, boys and women are em-
I ployed in the laboratory.
No sentence ever hurt business so
much as the remark by P. T. Barnum,
"that the American people like to be
humbugged.' 1 That an honest policy is
i a good business policy is sufficiently
and amply proven by the enormous and
j satisfactory success of The Owl Drue
i Company.
Griswold's warehouse. Nothing was
saved from any of the buildings.
\ G Eamis' loss is $3500. insurance
12400 ; Wieland Brewing Company's loss is
11200 insurance $700; the Buffalo Brew.r.g
Company's losb Is $700, insurance $500; \\ .
E Griswold's loss is $600. insurance S4CO.
The Southern Pacific Company's largo
water tank and a car loaded with tele
graph poles were badly burned. The fire
started in Wteland's beerhouse. The causa
is unknown.
UNUSUALLY HEAVY
GRAIN CROP HARVESTED
Output of San Joaquin County Valued
at Ten Million Dollars.
STOCKTON, Sept. 9.— Grain dealers are
commencing to estimate the value of this
year's crop?, and the results stated in
the most conservative figures are sur
prising to even the most sanguine. Count y
Assessor Ortman has found that 470.8 >
acres in this county were planted to whe it
this year. At the lowest estimate this
acreage raised 250,000 tons. There were
208.900 acres seeded to harley. 970 acres to
oats and 80,600 acres to hay. At least 150.
--000 tons of barley were produced and 80,000
tons of hay cured.
At the present prices 250.000 tons of
wh<-at am worth J6.ffiO.ooo; lnO.ooo tons of
barley $2 550,000; SO ,OOO tons of hay, $503,750.
and other products $1,79K.2f.0. making in
all a grand total to San Joaquin County
of over $10,000,000.
NO ELECTRIC LINE
FOR MARIN COUNTY
SAN RAFAEL,, Sept. 9.— J. A. MoNear,
the Petaluma capitalist, denied to-day
that he contemplates the building of an
electric railway from this city to Point
San Pedro, to connect with a line of
steamers to San Francisco, which would
compete with the Donahue road. Mr. Mc-
Near asserted that a boulevard should bo
constructed from San Rafael to the point,
and that an electric line would follow as
a natural consequence; but it is entirely
improbable that he will do anything ia
the matter at present.
So far as mere competition is concerned
the Donahue road has Httle to fear from
such a rival, as the distance by water
from Point San Pedro to San Francisco i 3
so great that a 3teamer would lose suffi
cient time to make nothing on a through
trip by the few minutes gained in travel
ing from this city to Point San Pedro.
HAS LOST HIS ALL.
Louis Lapiner, Whose Son Was Kid-
naped. Is Now a Bankrupt.
CHICAGO. Sept. 9.— Louis Lapiner, the
father of little Gerald Lapiner, who was
kidnaped two years ago, filed a petition
in bankruptcy to-day. Liabilities, $24.'«»";
no assets. The indebtedness was con
tracted in Ogden, Utah, in 1891. while Mi.
Lapiner was in the general merchandise
business.
Reception at Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Sept. ».—
The Young Men's and Young Women's
Christian Associations jointly gave the
first serial event of the college year to
night in the Em-inal Hall clubrooms. The
halls and corridors were tastefully deco
rated, and refreshments were served to at
least 500 guests. This reception has be
come college custom and Is intended to
facilitate acquaintance between me
Freshmen and upper classmen.
Fell From a Buggy-
PASADENA, Sept. 9.-Miss Aiecuu, sis
ter of the late Editor Joseph Medill or
Chicago, fell from her buggy this mov
ing. The horse started and the wne_^J
passed over her. Her injuries are not se
rious.IMPORTANT STELLAR DISCOVERY
AT THE LICK OBSERVATORY
Polaris, the North Star, Found to Be Composed
of Three Bodies That Are Con
tinually Revolving.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 9.— A discovery of
great scientific and considerable popular
Interest has just been made by Professor
Campbell with the great telescope of the
Lick Observatory. It is that Polaris, or
the north star, doubtless the b»jst known
star in the whole firmament, is really a
triple system. Two of the bodies in this
system revolve around each other in a
period of four days, and at the same time
move in a much wider sweep around a
third body. In much the same way a3
th<> i arth and moon do around the sun.
The separate bodies which compose the
system cannot be seen with the telescope,
nor is it likely that they ever will be
seen with any instrument. Their exlst
la demonstrated by observations
made with a spectroscope. By a method
which need not be explained here the
ppeed with which a heavenly body is mov
ing toward or away from the earth can
be measured with a spectroscope at
tached to a telescope. The method has
been known for many years, but it is
only recently that the necessary- accu
racy for observations of stars has been
reached by the application of photogra
phy. There are various ways of eh. ck-
Ing the correctness of the results. Thus,
as the sun turns on its axis, one edge
is constantly approaching the earth and
the other is receding from it at the rate
nit l\ miles per second; the spectm
is found to measure this motion
correctly. A grain, the velocity with which
the planets are moving In the line of
fight can be calculated from the known
dimensions of the solar system, and in
this case also the reliability of the sDec
SAN FRANCISCO
RIDS ITSELF OF
A HOODOO
A sernphic s=ml!e Illumined the counte
rance or' your Uncle Henry after the
game yesterday afternoon. The hoodoo
which had hovered over hia aggregation
f-r weeks was dispelled and the happy
manager whispers to his friends that it
was ■ :i the offices of a rabbit's
■ :i horseshoe or a three-leafed clover
me beamed once more on the
local toss rs. He stoutly claims that
hits and good all-round base
the game from Sacramento, and
■ ■ truth.
Pan Francisco defeated the Capital City
r.me I I f s'.ucrcnns the ball at the
ripht • ady playing. To Brock-
Ls due the credit of the first victory
achieved by the nine in some time. It
Brockhofl who made timely hits and
clever p»'k-ups. His playing at short was
a revelation to the "fans." who voiced
their appreciation at every opportunity.
The f"i;r runs and the sMx hits -
; 5 Frisco were, strange to say, made in
ra. In the third the
■ l.;. which they i
till the end of the game. Pyne opened the
by Singling to right and took
: : fa i rror. 1 1 fc out.
iien little Brockhoff batted out a
pretty one to left, and while trying to
ad was nearly caught bf
During the play Pyne scored,
ail being thrown too late to head him
md "Brock" went to third oi
flew to
y" Krug lifted out a
tchoff went home. S i
c i the side with a bunt to
a did rot do anything nn
• inning th
a "whitewash" by scoring a lone raily.
Sheehan led .-ff with a line drive to left,
:. making a desperate ef
. a and
error. Many thought it \\arf
. one and that Sheehan should
redited with a two-bagger.
M< Laughlin went out on a fly to c<
nt a liner to Iherg. and the ball,
after striking the twlrler's hand, went up
BALTIMORE TAKES TWO
FROM THE NEW YORKS
Brooklyn Again Shuts Out Boston,
the Latter Securing But One
Hit Off McJames.
NATIONAL, LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs- W. L. Pet Clubs- W. L. Pet
Brookl>-n ....84 37 .04 Plttsburg ...64 61 .612
Phlladelpha 78 47 .624 Chicago 6.» 62 .512
Boston 74 48 .606 Louisville ...08 66 .459
Baitlmore ...71 49 .6« New York... BJ n .419
Cincinnati ..70 63 .563 Washington 42 79 .M 7
3t- Louis ...70 66 .655 Cleveland ...19 111 .1»
NEW YORK, Sept. The Baltimores won
two games from the crippled New Torks to
day, both games being lost through errors. In
the first game Warner was hit In the face and
badly cut with a ball thrown by Grady. In the
second game Grady tried to score In the first
inning ajid sustained a serious Injury to his
left knee. He was removed In an ambulance.
He cannot possibly play again this season. At
tendance ISOO. Scores:
First game —
Clubs— n H - E
New York 11l
Ealtimore * * i
Batteries— Seymour, Grady and Warner; Mc-
Glnety and Smith* Umpires— Snyder and Mc-
Garr.
Second game —
Clubs- . K .- H E
New York til
Baltimore 7 9/
Batterles-Doheny. Grady and Doyle: Nops
and Crisham. Umpires— Enyder and McGarr.
BROOKLYN, Sept. 9.— McJamea outdid hlm
eelf to-day, shutting out the Bostons with only
one hit. That was made In the ninth Inning
>»O»O1 O^O-^O^O^O 4> o<®>oso«>o<B>o<S>o<s>o<S-o<S>o-s>c4>o <$>O $ O 4-O^O<s-O<s>O<s>'
I H. LIEBES & COMPANY
O (INCORPORATED)
<•> ■
O ' '"
% ANNOUNCE THEIR
I GRAND
I OPENING
% OF ■+
I . FUR
I NO TIES
O NEW AND ORIGINAL EFFECTS IN
I SEALSKIN
I JACKETS
<"•► AND FUR GARMENTS
OF ALL KINDS.
% THE MOST COMPLETE
% FUR STOCK EVER DISPLAYED IN THIS CITY.
% OPEN FOR INSPECTION TO-MORROW.
O | — —^— —^^ **— "^ »-»^—^--
! H. LIEBES & COMPANY
° (INCORPORATED).
I THE LARGEST FUR HOUSE IN THE WORLD,
% 133, 135, 137 POST STREET.
9 Ot>O<s>O<S>O3>6<s> O <S> O <S> 0-s>o'?>O'S'O<S>C4>O-S>O<S'o'3>o<S>o<S>o ♦ O ♦ O ♦ o<t> O^O«>O<J>O
troscopic method has been proved. Ob
servations of ptrys by this method are
now being made at a number of the lead
ing observatories of the world.
According- to the laws of motion a body
once set in m/ition, and left to itself, will
move on foreVer, in a straight line, with
uniform velocity. Any change whatever
in its motion indicates the existence of
a disturbing force. The grreat majority
of the st.-u-s are found to move with un
changing velocity, but in a smnll num
ber of cases the velocity varies, and
these are of great interest to the astron
omer. A star may of course move across
the lire of sight, "as well as In it, but of
the former motion the spectroscope takes
no account.
The existence of a revolving system was
proved by this method in the case of the
famous variable star Algol. It had long
been assumed that the changes in the
light of this star were due to eclipses by
a dark companion, and the correctness
of the hypothesis was proved by Pro
fessnr Yog-el of Germany h.
Quite a number of similar cases are
now known, fourteen of which, including
the brilliant binary star Capella, have
been discovered at the Lick Observatory.
Polaris is now, however, the most inter
esting of these. The velocity changes !n
a period of 3 days 23 hours by about 6
kilometers or nearly fruir milt s per sec
ond. The longer period of change h;is
not yet been determined; it may amount
to several years. It may be some time
before this discovery is verified at other
observatories, as the high degree of ac
curacy necessary to measure with cer
tainty so small a change of motion has
an yet been reached only at Mount Ham
ilton. JAMES E. KEELER.
like a balloon, but when It descended an.
Instant later, "Brock" nailed It. and, with
a quick, hard throw, put the runner out
at first. The play aroused intense enthu
siasm, and earned the San Francisco's
shortstop a great deal of praise. Shee
han took third on the play, and came |
home on O'Connor's single past short.
Eagran retired the side.
Pyne again led oft in the eighth with a
single and took second on a wild pitch.
Iberg struck out for the third time, and
Brockhoft lined one out to deep center,
scoring Pyne. The noise of jubilation had
hardly died out when Krug landed on the
.■•• re. and as it soared to the right field
fence "Brock" romped to the plate. The
next Titan went out. and then two more
tallies were recorded for the local aggre
gation.
i: Lgran put up by far the best game for
Sacramento. He was all over his position,
taking everything in sight. Both pKch
ers were touched up. but their team
mates backed them up superbly. Both
nines arc on their mettle, and today's
game should be a crack-a-jack. Score:
SAX FRANCISCO. „ >.
AB. R. BH. SB. PC. A. E.
Brockhcff. s. 8 4 2 2 1 1 5 1 !
Hilderbrandt. r. f.. 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Krugr. 2 b 4 0 2 0 2 10
Sullivan, lb 4 0 0 0 12 1 0
Courtney, I. f 4 0 0 0 10 1
Swindells, c 4 0 0 0 4 0 0
Illy, 3 b 4 0 0 0 2 5 1
Pjjne c. f 4 2 2 13 0 0
Iberg, p 3 0 0 0 0 2 0
Totals 35 4 6 2 27 14 3 I
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. 811. SB. PO. A. E.
McLaughlln, 1. f.... 4 0 1 0 & 0 0
Harvey, c. f 4 0 0 0 2 0 1
O'Connor. 1 b 4 0 1 0 11 0 0
Eagan, s. s 4 0 2 12 4 1
Stanley, c 4 0 10 6 10
Doyle, p 3 0 10 0 10
Shanghai c. 1 4 0 0 0 0 0 0!
Stulz, 2 b 3 0 0 0 0 2 0 ,
Sheehan, 3 b 3 1 0 J) J. J J ;
Totals S3 1 6 1 27 11 3 j
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
San Francisco 0 02000020-4
Hase hits 0 0 3 0 0 0 0: O-'J
Sacramento 0 0 0 0 0 10 0 o—l
Base hits 0 10101111-6
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible Doyle "3. Two-base hit
— Brockhoft. Sacrifice hit— Doyle. First base
on errors— San Francisco 2, Sacramento 2. Left
on bases- San Francisco 4. Sacramento 6.
Struck out— By Iberg 3, by Doyle 6. Passed ball
—Stanley. Wild pitch— Doyle. Time of game—
1 hour "and 30 minutes. Umpire— O'Connell.
Official scorer— J. W. Stapleton.
with two men out. Meekln was the opposing
pitcher an.l was effective except In the filth
Inning. Both of the teams fielded beautifully.
The two successive shut-outs which gave the
series to Brooklyn by 8 to 6, have made the
Brooklyn public confident that the pennant Is
safe. Attendance 12.60 U. Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Boston 0 1 2
Brooklyn * ' l
Batteries— Meekin and Bergen; McJames and
McGuire. Umpires— Emslle and Dwyer.
PHILADELPHIA, Sep^ 9-Gus Weyhlnu
was an easy mark for the Phillies to-day. He
was hit safely in every Inning, especially In
the seventh, when nine men batted and six of,
them made singles. Donohue had the Wash
inßtonlans at his mercy and they hit him only
when he allowed them to do bo. Attendance
6564. Score:
Clubs— ' R- H. E.
Washington 6 10 6
Philadelphia 13 19 1
Batteries— Weyhlng and Kittrcdce; Donahue
and Douglas. — Swartwood and Hunt.
PITTSBURG. Sept. 9.— Louisville won the
first game through timely hitting, assisted by
dopey playing on the part of the Plttsburgs.
The second was won by the locals with good
pitching and fast work on the bases. Second
game called on account of darkness. Attend
ance 4300. Score:
First game—
Clubs— 11. H. E.
Plttsbur? 10 15 2
Louisville 13 14 7
Batteries— Sparks, Leever and Fox: Woods,
Flaherty and Zlmmer. Umpires — Manassau
and Connolly.
Second game—
Clubs— R. H. E.
Plttsburff 5 7 2
Louisville 16 3
Batteries— HofTer and Schrtver; "Woods and j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1899.
THE EMPORIUM.
I Novelties in
I Fancy Goods
I DepL
J Velvet Ribbon Neck and Hair Bows
* made to order at Ribbon Counter.
& Novelties in Persian Fancy Ribbons for
& Millinery and Neckwear.. .so C to $1
#> Novelties in Fancy Silk and Lice All-
* Overs for yokes and dress fronts — per
* yard $2.50 to $5
* Novelties in Laca Barbes —on wash
* blonde net, appliqued with HonHon
7? lace braid — each $'£*50p
* $1.75, $1.50 and $1.25
£ Novelties in Lice Scarfs —on wash
#> blonde net, with Honiton lace braids—
* each $4.59,
* $3.50, $2.25 and $i.50
* Novelties in L.b:-rty Silk Scarfs— hand-
■? Eomely trimmed ends — in white, cream
.t and black— "ach
J $1.75, $1.25, $1 and 850
+ Novelties in Liberty or Chiffon Stock
* Collars, with cascade jabot front —
•♦ elaborately trimmed — ea^h
* $2.50, $1.75 and $1.25
* Novelties h Veivet or Taffeta Stock
£ Collars made in the new shape -
J $1.25, 85c and SOo
£ Novelties in Persian or English Scarfs—
|^ stripes or solid colorings— each..soc
* Fall '99 Plaids.
'? Here for the prettiest pan pro-
-9 duced. Inimitable
* * 3^^i> variety, quantity
* %l^> 2nd quality. We
$> £ V ' : "V"> are headquarters
* beyond ail dispute
* J&ssj&\ for reversible golf
£ /-■"■■ :> '\ P laid -
A Ml pfe> 64-inch Fancy Pla :
* / Ji?A ' or golf skirts,
T, / J yMQ yard $1.35
/ .t3^C^^ 44-in< h Bou c 1 c
* F t .\ V* ~ISl«.. ' Plaids, for sk:rt3
* ilS^fe^ or dre;seB » five
* fl|r%^pT or dre-ses, five
* ffriyr^^Ai different color
■ * /^"'^aNs combinations, per
* #%f^ >" arj $1.75
Aji T'~#><?\ 52 -inch Z. b i ne
* Mi^</^^ Plains, large pat-
I * fVjs£ / ''"\ terns, tne sha^gv
* jL/*pV v^^^ effects in stylish
> G^-^y""^^ ./^ color combini-
sjk v>^*- v --^? : -' tions, per v d. ...
» $2.00
48-inch Cheviot P:aid--, a new skirt, fa>. i •,
* 7 new co orinsr-. per yard $2.00
c* '.
% Fall "S9 New fabric? from the
£. ir-i <ru most re 'i* D ' makers
* ClOthS. only— style- that are
9, positively correct, selected wi h the
& greatest eire an i goo i tiste. A dis-
Jp ay o' lav : sh proportions.
* 52- n"h Venetian C:oth, for stylish -u ; t*.
% per yard $1.00
* 52 in. Ye -.etian C '<■ th, «-xtra fine weav ,
? proper wei:ht, in 12 leadi ? fall
shades, d r yard $1.50
t 56 inch Amz'n Cloth, high finis;, in
* carciina, tan and new blue. r.*r vari
» $2.00
|<• 52- inch French Sedan C.cth, a n w fabric
* for tailor suit?, will ho d its shap.*,
* giv 1 s.insfp.ctory wear,' in ten of he
£ Tea-Tin? fall shale?, per yard. .s2. so
* •
- *€S£S #3<nßtF Just opened two cases
I /*•* +2<u>aß o . the ceebr ted
J ShtSWlSm makes ani e:<>gant
£ • sty os of Golf S awls from We'ch,
& M ;rg;tson & Co., London, adap:ab c
* tot^averg fiurposes as well as for
* the sty ish capes now so mch used —
•J prices' range from $6. Oto $20
I f^i WeSs-
| L i| bach
I '^d^^ Lights.
2 >2^A6M^<MXSji. Special sale of
5, Ip^l rbout 600 genuine
& i:^> W( Isbach Gaa
* &a£sj Lamp? complete
* 'Miva^ as in '.while
t^ supply lasts, each
% & ::^ 1 84c
* Fsz-il r S9 Tne new Carpets for
? —5 T Fall and Winter at
« %jraß*pG<ts. special prices— price;
& that are low even from an Emporium
y standpoint. M >re than two acres of
& floor space covered with s ;mp'es of the
-> be : t Furniture and Carpets that America
£ produces.
* Extension Tables, Chiffoniers,
* Odd Dressers, "Brass ami Eriam-
* tied Beds, M stresses and Kitchen
£ Furniture all specially pt iced Jor
#. this opening week.
* Fine Grade lap siry Erus-
** sets — Bright, cheerful patterns, bor-
j£ derio match, also ii hall &stairs.ssc
? Other Tapestry j« lo'X as 41c -a d.
? A good heavy Ax.rnir.sier
T Carpet— A great variitv of new
ft p terns, border to match.; 50 rolls of
a Hartford's and Smith's offered at the
& very lowpti'e for this week, yard...
& ....: . t . $3. ®0
* Finest quality woo! tn-
* grains --Nweity patterns, delft
£ Dlues, monotone, Persian and Oriental
£ effects, offered this week, peryar '..
J 65c
•■> MOQUCtto Rugs— 2l inches wide,
A> Smith's m ike : a great value for th s
* week, each • $I»5O
* Japanese Linen' Warp Mat'
f? ting — Inlaid and tile patterns, exce!-
-£ lent quality, at 22*0
J Others as low as 12 1-2:.
» Remnants Matting.
£ About 2000 yards Remnants Linen W rp
' J Mattin?— regularly 25c to f>Oc yard —
X to c ose out this week.../0© and 150
Powers. Umpires— Manassau and Connolly.
CHICAGO, Sept. The Orphans won two
uninteresting games from Cleveland , to-day.
Both Schmidt and Bates proved easy marks,
while Callahan and Garvln were at their best,
the latter with perfect support pitching a shut
out A peculiar feature of the second game was
that neither second baseman had a fielding as
sist Attendance 3000. Scores:
First game-
Clubs— *V **• E.
Chicago lit
Cleveland ••• 2 5 0
Batteries— and Chance: Schmidt and
Duncan. Umpires— O'Day and McDonald.
Second game-
Clubs- R- H. E.
Chicago 11 15 0
Cleveland 0 » 8
Batteries— Garvin and Donahue: Bates and
Sugden. Umpires— and O'Day.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 9.— St. Louis won by time
ly batting. Cross made two timely hits, scor
ing runs. Beckley made a home run In the
fifth, scoring three runs. Attendanoe 7n/Q.
Score:
Clubs- R. H. E.
St. Louis 11 15 1
Cincinnati 6 6-
Batteries— Sudhoft and Criger; Breitensteln.
Phllllpps and Peitz. Umpire—
Trout Planted.
SAN ANDREAS. Sept. 9.— The State
Fish Commission, through C. W. Getehell
of the Calaveras Prospect, has placed
25.000 young trout in the headwaters of
the Mokelumne River. The fry arrived
In perfect condition from the Sisson
hatchery and were successfully planted.
The streams Into which they were placed
are thoroughly protected.
THE EMPORIUM.
The Ar&na for September, in an Article Entitled "The Department Store in
the West," Says Of The Emporium "Patrons find every comfort and convenience, together with a van
accumulation of the things that civilization has turned into desires at (in some instances, at least) lower prices than elsewhere
Here are some of the exclusive features at the service of its patrons : A parlor with papers, periodicals and writing materials,
a children's nursery, an emergency hospital with a trained nurse in attendance, a Postoffice station, a Western Union telegraph
office, a theater-ticket office, a manicuring and hair-dre3sing parlor and a barber-shop, public telephones, a lunch-room, an
information bureau, a.ways. ways some free exhibition in the art-rooms— all of these under one roof and most of them free."
<^ftfjAl>^)r^ft\ ' Opening Day 5......
ZTT, LJJ A «£-^\/ \; \ MONDAY, September 11,
S I 1 ■'(SKI ' ' \ TUESDAY, September 12,
yvV I \ Wd\ '• ' V WEDNESDAY, September 13.
, /§W) Y|\i ; :/K Millinery,
/;m/ //d^w li4A\ Cloaks, Suits,
\£/¥ I £J||m ur Garments,
( f s^^ J^ Sj Dressmaking,
S^^^ P^^^^^^^C^^ Children's Wear,
Dress Goods, Silks, Fancy Goods, Clothing,
FSSill *QQ Extensive assortments
■ »ma and exclusive effect i
«;' Eici€Sm — here • as nowhere
c'?e — a bewidering collection of Fall and
Winter Si'ks at the opening to-morrow.
20-inch Fancy Stripe Taffetas — per yard
75c
0 inch Corded Tatfetas — new solid co:-
-or? 85C
20-inch Satin Stripe Taffetas— 3 >..5l
20-inch Strip2d Corded Taff'tas— a
beautiful new soft weave $ 1 .23
A charming collection of Even-
ing Silks, including tne new
Pompadours, Persians, Satin
Faconne, Printed Warps, Moire
Stripes, etc. — yard. I
$1.75 to $5 j
F&il 9 99 Hats.
new <^fe_n;ui ii|;V>jfcp|i ~^\
styles ==^-~j^'*??r^ *
the
latest Wrf^*"™**
Knox and Dunlap bocks in excellent j
qui'ities 'ha* the big store off 1 --* at
$1,35, $1,85, $2.45
anil $3.45.
A ccmpuie me oi i he famous
John B. Stetson hats at Emporium
prices.
Fall ' 99 Curtains
and Draperies.
The largest and me perfect .*tock
ever shown in the big store. Values
that would be impossible if purchases
had not been made months as >, i ef o
t p manufacturers adv'insei price- .
Tapestry Portieres— Oriental
and Persian design?, very heavy, 50
inches wile, 3 yir ; s long, fringe to ■
and bottom, ncr pair
$2.75, $3.75, $5 and 7.50
Ccuch Covers i* beautiful pit-
trrns. each $3. ri'J,sf a 53 and $5
Brussels Lace Curtain*—
Neat, .i tv n.-iit m-, per p*>ir
$3.25, $5, $8.50, $12. b0
Irish Point Lice Curtains — new
li -c. per pair
$4.50. $5.50, $7.50, $1O
and $15.
Point Do Crisis Lace Curtains—
Per p ir
$<%.s£?, $6, $7.50 and H>lQ
Ba'tGKburtf Lace Curtain'
25, $9.50, $tO, $15 and
$16.50.
Nottingham Curtains— Copies
'of the finest novelties heavy Arabian
and Linen Lac* effects, also B-usse's
and Venetian point eff*ct«. r>er pair....
S3, $3.50, $4, $5 an I $6
Muslin Curtains— White ana
co.o:ed, choice dotted Stnsa with
ruffle and coo-ed ; witn ruffle, r>er
nair $!, $1.50 and $1.75
Yard Goods— Nottingham, Irish
Point, Renaissance, Brussels and Point
de Calais Cu-tain Lice, 18 and 30
inches wide, for front doors, transom?,
• etc., per yard 450
Art Denims — Plain, 13 C — flouted,
256— Art Tickings, 2SO— Art Bur-
lap, pain, 20c — Art Burlap, printe I,
2Gc.
Catai&gua. California's Largest— Americas Grandest Store. Genius,
GUARD ATTACKED BY
A BURLY CONVICT
Desperate Struggle at San Quentin
Prison With a Prisoner De
tected Violating the Rules.
SAN QTENTIN PRISON, Sept. 9.—
Thomas Molloy, a strapping convict serv
ing ten years from San Francisco for bur
glary, was detected In a violation of the
prison rules this morning by Guard Ran
dolph, and when an attempt was made
to remove him to the dungeon he fought
so desperately that Captain Russell and
Turnkey McClure had to be called to the
guard's assistance. Randolph received a
hard blow in the region of the stomach,
and was temporarily incapacitated for the
performance of his duties, but was not
seriously injured.
When Molloy was detected in the mis
demeanor he was in his cell and an at
tempt to remove him to the dungeon led
to a tumult, the other convicts rushing to
the windows of their cells and yelling
encouragement to the prisoner at the top
of th~ir voices. Molloy was finally lodged
in the "solitary," and will be kept there
until the Prison Board acts upon his case
next Saturday. Warden Aguirre states
that this is the first time the prisoner has
given the officials any trouble.
BROUGHT DOWN FORTUNES.
Steamer Cottage City Arrives With
Gold From Alaska.
Gold From Alaska.
VICTORIA. B. C, Sept. 9.— The steam
VICTORIA. B. C, Sept. 9.— The steam
schooner Cottage City arrived to-day
schooner Cottage City arrived to-day
I -- -• ■ -■ ■ ■ . < ■- - . ■?■■'.•:■-? *i
THE EMPORIUM.
Antir.in Entitled "Tho,
Fall '99 Black
Dress Goods,
40-inch . Mohair Crepon, very bright
and lustrous, ten different patterns, per
yard $I.QO
50-inch Cheviot, all wool, very serv.ee-
ab:e, a perfect shade of black, per
yard 750
64 inch Rainproof Serge, warranted not
to shrink or spot, exceptional value,
per yard $£*25
We are showing- all the latest
novelties in black dress fabrics,
particularly the sdk and chenille
effects. See our window display.
Embroidered New assigns
_ _ a in white em-
San. -CSS. j broilered
Flannels, all worked carefully on yard
wide material, charming designs of
embroidery, 3 inches deep, with open i
work, per yard 75c
Fall '99 The lar ? est
mm m and best iight-
Underwsar, edHosis-yand
Hosiery. »™ D n
"^ par'.msnt in
the State f uliy stocked with everything
that is desirable for Fall and Winter
wear.
L"i>?' unshrinVable wool Vests and
Pant* — pink, sky blue, cardinal or
blacn — Vests hign neck and long
sleeve - — Pants ankle length with
French ban: — per garment. ....s7mfs
Ladies' unshrinkable woo! mixed Vests
and Pants, natural, gray or
cream — Ve3t3 high neck and long
Rlepves. Pants ankle length with
French ban?, per garnvnt 7&C \
Ladies' Sanitary Australian lambs wool
Vests and Pants, sizes 28 to
44. eacfl , — 75C
Ladies' natural wool mix-d Union
Suits, guaranteed not to shrink,
button d down front, each $'-OO
Ladies' Pure Cashmere wool Gotnhi-
nation uits, the "Dorotny"
brind, made by tne famous 'Tpsiianti"
Underwear Co., buttoned down front,
colors natural, gray, black or cream,
each $2*50
Lades unshrinkable Merino fast black
Equestrian Tights, knee or
antiie lengths, open or closed, the
"Dorothy" brand, made by the "Tn i-
lanti" Underwear Co., per pair.Sf-i?5
Same style in ext^a heavy pure Austra-
lian wool, per pair $1b75
La ies' silk and wool mixed Coittlsi-
nation Suits, buttoned down
f.ont, cream or blue mixed, the
"Dorothy" brand, made by the ' Yp«i-
lanti" Underwear Co., per suit. £3.
Ladies' imported Cotton Hose,
Hermsdorf black, heavy fleeced lined,
per pair 25g
Lad es' fine Cashmere Worsted
Hose, fast black, Merino heels and
toes, per pair 33}- 3 O
La ies' extra fine quality Gash'
mere Hose, imported fast blac.c,
gray mixed, Merino heels and toes,
double soles, per pair 5Qc
We are sole agents in this city
for the. celebrated " Stuttgar-
ter" Sanitary Underwear —
special catalogue free on applica-
tion.
from Alaska, bringing $300,000 in gold dust
or its equivalent and 250 passengers.
Among those who bring largo sums is
Dick Lowe, a wel-known miner, who is
credited with $60,000. Among the passen
gers are Sir Thomas Taonlrd of England
and Captain Draper of the United States
army.
CAKEWALK AT SAN RAFAEL.
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 9.— A Cakewalk
and dance was given last evening at the
National Guard Armory by the Tamal
pais band under the auspices of the Na
tive Sons, the proceeds of which will be
devoted to the purchase of uniforms. The
affair was attended by a large number of
leading citizens. Frank Bustin and Miss
Agnes Rollin won the cake. The affair
was in charge of the following commit-
Ileception committee— Judge F. M.
Angellottl (chairman). W. F\ Magee T.
J. Fallon. James P. Edgar W. P. Taylor,
W. S. Dreypolcher. E. J. Connell, S. K.
Herzog, W. H. O'Connor. M. F. Coughran.
Floor committee— E. S. Rake chair
man), D. Q. Troy, H. E. Klammar. L.
Smith. H. Thomas, H. J. Mclsaac J. P.
Kenny. W. Tanforan. P. H. Cochrane.
Floor manager— Arthur E. Scott.
VALUABLE RUGS BURNED.
PASADENA, Sept. 9.— The winter man
sion of Andrew McNally, the Chicago mil
lionaire, narrowly escaped total destruc
tion by fire this morning. The family have
gone East, leaving the house In charge of
a caretaker. He was aroused about 7
o'clock by smoke and flames. The fire
had started by spontaneous combustion in
the Turkish room, where many handsome
rugs and valuable bric-a-brac are stored.
THE EMPORIUM
Store in
Fall '39 . stock in the
NOVeltieG tit third section of
Trimmings, %Jgj*
CsCf prov a great
attraction to-morrow and during the
wepk. Paris, London, Berlin and New
York have each contributed their share
of pretty fixings for fashionable ladies.
Elastic Beaded Belts, with new fringe
effects, 3 to 12 iron- deep, prices
from... $2.00 tO $7.50
Black Bead Belt* 35c tO $3.00
Black Spangled Tunics
$9.50 to $25.00
Black Spangled R .b^s
$12.50 to $35.00
Black Spangled At.--<v?rs in a large
variety ; also white and black and
ste«'. prices nnee ncr yard from
$1.75 tO $12.00. Sp-ngled
B> A nfir va-d lOC tO $3.25
awl ■ ' -'ft-n. Veive'. Stock Col-
r^Zi j~^j ' ars — Lined with
r f^f\ft>f\^f\ satin, worked in
IL/^OOr)R)j beads and span-
Yip S 1 es • fringed
WWM\mw lt * -75c to
Skirt Frtti^ a — Graduated pieces, also
silk fringes by th 9 yard
.'. 50c to $2.75
NOW Table Satin- Finished
— j, m Irish Linen Da-
UantaSKSw mask— 72 inches
wide, ciose wear* — will retain its fin-
ish and gloss after laundering — per
yard 9Oc
For service and wear at a medium price
we recommend a Cream or Half-
bleached Damask — a splendid value in
CO-inch wide goods— per yard.. .45 C
Fall "99 Art Goods,
Table Covers f^s
in new Tint- j /x. *W
ed Effects, y^jT^yh-£s
edged with /lifk]
a pretty jft y^\ — A. \
linen fringe ,^^H\\\i|////H
36 inches |\\\~ 'VW
45 inches...s| pT^r
New Black i . .^&?2fc i\\
Silk Renais- t r * *—
RinOfl ATI (1 if' t]*fc_ *^^^^^rfft^bS I_ t
Due hease %^^^ift— ... %^
sr. p .:: T^ I '^!/, l\
sc, 8c (/ 'l)\
ana |oc. * — ""^^^J^
Cushion Squares in a large var.ety of
design?, such as fruits and baskets of
violet i and other flowers — to
match— each.....
75c, 50c, 35c and 25c
Fall "99 a<" iW / s ''^'' assortment
m^ of the best qualities
TSarttS* Yarns at the Big
Store — ail rightly priced — Spanish,
Germantown, Dresden, Saxony?, Cas-
tor Wool for Afghans, etc. — full-
weight zephyrs per lap 5C
Fall '99 The famous and
n AA - M ~» most popular of all.
ratteX nSm Bntterick Patterns
and Publications for October are ready
and now on sale in
Pattern Department ,
Back of Rotunda*
The caretaker gave the alarm and the
employes of H. 1... Story, a neighbor, suc
ceeded in putting out the flames.
The house was damaged to the extent
of about $1500. and elegant furnishings
worth $4000 were destroyed. The loss is
amply covered by insurance. The hand
some collection was totally destroyed.
£■■'••' ■ ««* •
*■ lf A A ELrECiRIC
15 B^ M»> /'•^ r '"-Vii\t In buying an electric belt there are two ways •
•fC ' I- *& ST N^ of Placing yourself on an exact level with the ■
■¥■ ■ " /■ {.' ',• w >« . gentleman whose open countenance is depicted ■
M A «.* / : V. ,' *;- 1 V^'**<f on our ' eft - j,  '
M Ml &ii I VafcaLj The first is to allow yourself to be persuaded :
w /7^?> < > V- TO JsiSp by a quack to part with $30 to $30 in ex- ;
* V '.■'>» *»^jp change for an old-fashioned Belt, actually not ;
I &' "■ *S$ worth more than $.">; and the second method is ,
"* /'»!■<■« >l/v.D to stumble into a drug store and pay from $10 :
'< jtoS&t>9*^4v-ti-'m rtm- to $:n for some so-called Electric Belt that has ;
¥■ iT i : ' $%!B!£k'.i?'W ■ cost the drugKist about $125 at wholesale. ;
M X: 'i ■ '/*?" Vl '*s! Impcsbjj Now. the RIGHT way to do when -you want a
M wt if* '•' '•'>'•<« :^~- ". GOOD Electric Belt is to look up some reliable
.< »: |X . -'V/ : «3 UPON firm that MAKES Belts. Well, we make 'em. ;
• t W''': »-• L^ ivjSS ■ -_ at from $3 50 to $25 each, and have been eetab- •
-r : ''.,,»K-v >= ,!&t (MX* ■«'/ "shed 24 years. Come and Bee us or send 2 :
It ,/K k 'jasS£sEi Jp»£O cents in s ' tamps for " Booklet No - 2 -" AddresB :
I VjOl^ PIERCE ELECTRIC CO. :
t §mm$ i *\W^j : mA 620 MARKET STREET
£ *taK\QT/iV*J.*^lJ,>r'!-»»i^**i (Opposite Palace Hotel. S. F.)
#••••••••••••*•*•••••*•••••••*•••**•****••*(
the EMPoarrjM.
Important |
Monday 1
Sales |
Ribbon Sale 3
Monday Only. 3
To-morrow, all day if quantity lasts, we
offer 450 yards of high-class, stylish .$
Fancy Ribbons — all silk Dresden and 4
fancy checks and stripes — in light "#
colorings — this season* 50c styles 4
s"i inches wide — suitable for neckwear J
and millinery purposes — per yard *
290
Sale of Combs *
Monday Only. J
20 dozen extra heavy Shell an 1 Amber <#
Side Comb. in -^\ 'ft
a variety of HW^^juiJMrß|fill *
shapes and Upi'M^ | ||!lfiwlr ( 1 1 I) 2
styles, that -->jTflliiLi' til'j *'i *•■'** **
are sold r«t- /WflMflilHliiWl «
ularly at 35cfflll2!2^^ 5
and EOc each v?/"-?-'",^ ">* #/i .? /■ V .-Tfl/1 1 fIIUimWWWWiI "#
—special for wiiffllill I|lP' *
to-day only- <lll 'lllllyKl||(||||||lli»'* «
each... .230 ♦
15 dozen lull Pompadour Combs — *
tooth perfectly finished — good heavy J,
make — price 35c and 40c each —
cial for to-morrow only — each.. .23© <'
Boys Suits? $2.45. |
Monday Only. %
Vestee Suits for boys 3 to 8 *
years old — three different styles <*'
of $3 and $3.50 new Fall Suits, J
on special sale to- 4s**% SI PS *
morrow at *
Stylo No. /—All- «
wool gray cheviot, 'S^lJv 2
coat with large '^C^P 5
sailor collar /^§&\ <•
trimmed with silk / )wO&7 \ «§•
soutache braid, vest /y^j-^jiCX
braided to match //I ij€v§J *
and kree pants. (NT Tff3/s?b *
Siyie JVo. 2— l f ftj" *5 %
wool L>lue cheviot, \ U^?V=3S X
new style coat col- \/^\^"^»
lar, handsome re- y ) /A <&
veres, faced with V A f,>\\ It
red and trimmed / 7/ J* t\^
with white braid, JU L JLLyv® *
like cut, vest braid- jLJJ f^ /17 / *
ed to m"tch. «* j// /i 4
Style Nc. 3- " «/4j'4, 5
AH - wool brown fy r~i «t~
mixed cheviot, new / A r^^ "#
style collar, revere if \J & ■•
prettily faced with 3^v^j& / "*
brown, trimmed *»
with 5 rows silk soutache braid, vest *
braided to match. 2,
Special Sale %
Monday Only. |
£— ~-^ 5'J dozen fancy
t^~^fTjr?2'^ z^tts Fna ? e China •#
\^^SMr% Milk Pitchers, *
YM§Mffll\ B several differ- *
WmVm I ent styles of J
\ "^^jlcß^f /— /* colored flower 2
\ '~j£s£gH' decorations,
\ Jr'tr&isirr regularly 4"! c
\^sKh^c/ each, at the <£>
l \£j* V very special <•
/I j ill-Vv price for Mon- ♦
ofeM^\--^P day only *
•• 23©
Fall *99 c new s * ;oc^ r^ two X
.&mg and three clasp Ladies' 5
bIIOVeS. Gloves are in the cor- }
rec 1 : shade* to match the colorings of
the Fall Dress Goods and Silks. <f
Ladies' 2-c!a-p Mocha Gloves, reds, blues, v
greens, grays, black, fitted and <xuar- "#
anteed.. % . $I<GO J
Ladies' 2-clasp Kid Glovas, red*, blues, 2,
greens browns, tans, mode anH black. 2
fitted and guaranteed $1*25
Ladies' 3-c!a?p Kid Gloves, the famous •&
"Premiere," r.orje better made, ail 'tf
fashionable colors and white and black, "#
fitted and guaranteed .*■■s!. SO *
Fa]/ '99 Good Heavy White *
0> -M Marseilles Spreads JJ
bprCatlS. —patterns new— *
many styles' — wear- well kind —
size 76x90 inches— each $I*6o <
Some ' 99 ♦
BSanK&tS. almost pure wool *?
— closely woven — neat borders size <*
62x80 inches — a remarkable value — *
per pair $2*25 ?
High-grade Mission Mill White Blankets 3,
— deep ribbon — made from se-
lect Australian wool— 6 feet wide —
per pair $3*75 ♦
Groceries-Liquors, *
Specials 2 Days. «
These attractive offerings are lor Mon-
d^y and Tuesday only. <gi
Soda Crackers— Portland, while *
supply lasts: i ♦
boxes ~.250 ♦
1- b cartoons, extras... .4© *
Soda Crackers— American Bis- *
cust Company:
}^boxB 400 4
14 box c s, extras 55 3 <f
Japan Rice— Good quality, 12 lbs <•
for 800 *
Salt— Clean and white, 50-lb bags, <J
rgularlv 35?, for 2 days 200 *
CHka Kuntmel— Genuine, reeu- i
larly $1.25, for 3 days ©5© 4
(Only One Bottle to Customer.) ♦
Table Sauterne—^Extra qnality, <£
regularly $1 gallon, for 650 "#
Would you buy a hat anywhere else
than at "Keith's?" Phelan building. •
. ♦ . ; •;; ■
"PQssibly," she answered coldly, "but
It's either that or marry you and wring
the bosoms from your shirts in after
years."
56
SUNDAY ~ SEPTEMBER 10, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts-. S. F
Telephone Main IS6B.
EDITORIAL ROOMS SIT to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS, 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies. 5 cent*.
Terms by Mall, Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year ?«.OO
DAILY CAUL (Including Sunday Call), 6 months .'5.00
JT'AILT CALL (Including Sunday Call), 8 months .... 1.50
DAILY CALL— 8y Single Month <!r>< "
EUNDAY CALL One Year 3 50
WEEKLY CALL One Year llo °
A!l : Nstmasters or« authorised to recelv. subscriptions.
Ba-Kple copies will be forwarded -when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. c
M«na£cr Forelfcn Advertising, Mnrquetto Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT i
C. C CARLTON Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
PERRY LUKENS JR 29 Tribune Buildlnft
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
FTiertnan House: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
•temont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf- A «toria, Hotel; A. Brentaao, II Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
J. L. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 300 Hayes street open until
9:50 o'clock. 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock;.
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 22C" Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 1096
Valencia street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "The Bells." •
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Tlvdl— "Romeo and Juliet."
Alcazar — "Christopher Jr."
Grand Opera-house — "El Capltan."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
•venlng.
Olyuipia. corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Sutru Baths— Swimming Races, etc.
Park— Grand performance to-day.
Recreation Purl;— Uaseblll to-^ay.
Union Coursing Park— Coursing To-day.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Mechanics' Fair and Philippine Ex-
hibit.
Fherman-Ciay Hal!— Ballad Concert, Tuesday evening, Sep-
-1 :■ ', J.
AUCTION SALES.
By A. W. Lru.li»rbaek— To-mr.rrnw. at 2:20 o'clock. Persian
vid Turkish Rugs, at 117 Putter street.
By Kaston. Eldridge & Co.— Tuesday, September 12, at 12
o'clock, K.-al Estate, at 63S Market street.
THE DREYFUS VERDICT.
OX the question, "Was Dreyfus guilty of enter
ing into machinations, to send secret docu
ments to a foreign power?" five members of
t ic court-martial at Rennes voted yes and two voted
no. The accused was therefore pronounced guilty,
but as the majority agreed there were extenuating
circumstance?, another vote was taken as to the pun
ishment to be inflicted, and the official announcement
of the result is "The court condemns by a majority of
five votes to two Alfred Dreyfus to the punishment o;
ten years' detention."
That is the judgment -.vhich the French court pro
nbunces upon the case which for so long a time has
engaged the attention of the civilized world, and
which in France has aroused such antagonisms be
tween the partisan* of Dreyfus and the partisans of
the army as at times to menace the security of the re
"\c itself.
The decision is not a logical conclusion of the trial,
■whatever view be taken of the evidence. If Drcyfu>
■were guilty < ; the treasonable crimes charged against
him he should be executed, for it is not easy to nn
• -and how there can be extenuating circumstances
in a case of treason of that sort. If, on the other
hand, he be innocent, he should have received an
honorable acquittal instead of a conviction and a new
degradation.
To the world at large the verdict will appear as an
ntteir.pt to evade the is«uie that has so disturbed
France. Dreyfus, being pronounced guilty, saves the
credit of the army and of the officers of the general
staff who condemned him in the first place. His re
lease after a short imprisonment, which is said to be
all that is meant by the ten years' sentence, will silence
the clamor of his friends by setting him free from
further punishment. The decision of the court is
fore a decision of expediency rather than of jus
tice. It is even likely that the Government, which i=
known to be desirous of getting rid of the case, may
' 'reyfus and thus summarily dismiss the issue.
Such a conclusion of the trial will satisfy neither
tide. The majority of intelligent men throughout the
civilized world will continue to believe Dreyfus inno
cent and to regard the higher officers of the French
army as guilty of a criminal conspiracy against him.
On the other hand, the enemies of Dreyfus will con
tinue to assert his guilt and insist that his punishment
uld have been death. To the statesmen who rule
France these dissatisfactions will be of little moment.
They have evaded a crisis. The controversy over the
case aher this will be hardly more than an academic
discussion. The incident itself is closed. It remains
t" be seen, however, whether in the end expediency
will have better results than would have followed the
courage to do justice.
The silver mine owners have given notice to the
Democratic National Committee that if the free silver
isM'.e be dropped or subordinated in the coming cam
paign they will contribute nothing to the campaign
nd that probably explains why Bryan feels able
I :e a holiday for a while.
An ingenionsly zealous Chicago attorney has dis
covered in the decision of an American court-martial
a parallel to the Dreyfus case. American generals
have already been subjected to great severity of criti
cism, but this is the first time that they were con
sidered below criticism.
The boundary dispute between Alaska and Canad.i
seems in a fair way to an amicable settlement. Both
sides claim a victory and both admit having granted
concessions. After the fight there is an inevitable
tendency to insist that the other fellow got the worst
of it.
If Philadelphia is as dead a town as its rivals claim,
it takes no clairvoyant to determine the present
whereabouts of the departed. A glance at the record
rr.ade by the thermometer there during the passage of
the recent big parade would satisfy the most skeptical
that Philly has gone to .
SOME BRYAN ISMS.
SAN FRANCISCO has heard Mr. Bryan again,
has heard him by thousands, cheered him, and
gone home, while he took to the road to make
another speech. His effort at Woodward's Pavilion
| was an excellent sample of his assertive style. To-day
I we propose to analyze only a portion of it, saying in
advance that the anti-imperial sentiment of the coun
try cannot be. and will not be, used to elevate Mr.
! Bryan to the Presidency.
In discussing the platform of iooo he said: "Do
you doubt that the demand for arbitration between
labor and capital is stronger to-day than it was in
I 1896? I believe it is stronger, and that the demand for
! arbitration will grow until the arbitration of disputes
between corporate capital and employes of capital
: will be as well systematized and as practicable as is the
court of justice to-day for the settlement of disputes j
' between man and man." Now all that is high sound- I
; ing and implies a great "Grievance" existing some
where, to cure which this Don Quixote appears, with
: a barber's basin for the helmet of Mambrino and a i
I basswood stick for the sword of Mundarra, offering j
: himself, for office, for the healing of the nations. His
talk on arbitration is in apparent ignorance of the fact
1 that it is in constant operation between employers
and employed. The essence of arbitration is that it
iis voluntary. That is the difference between it and j
' court of justice. When an issue goes to a court free |
: will ceases. It is no longer a voluntary matter. The
; plaintiff has stated his case and in his petition has
! demanded his remedy. The defendant must appear at 1
' the bar and give his reasons in avoidance of judgment. !
If these are not good in law, judgment rests upon him
' and is enforced by the court. If the defendant re
j fuse or neglect to appear he is in default, and judg- j
ment is entered against him. In the arbitration of
differences it is for both parties to assent or for either
to refuse. That is the essence of it. the mutual con
sent of the parties to the issue joined. This makes
the difference between arbitration and the courts of
I justice, and the difference is radical. Keeping in mind
i this element of consent, and of a tribunal in which
there is neither plaintiff nor defendant, one may well
ask, What docs Mr. Bryan mean when he speaks of
a "demand for arbitration?" Does he mean that there
jis to be a Federal or State statute compelling one
party to arbitrate when the other desires it? If so, he
will do away with the difference between arbitration
and the courts, for free consent will disappear, plaintiff
and defendant will reappear, and there will arise an
other series cf courts of justice with the same powers
now exercised by those which we have. The Bryan
arbitration by compulsion plan must of course
have power to enforce its judgments, for why compel
an unwilling and unconsenting party to appear un
| less the finding can be enforced?
It will be noticed that he speaks of corporations
and their employes as if no differences ever arise be-
I tween individual capital and the labor it employ:,!
I That is the demagogue way of putting it. and Mr.
Bryan cannot change his habits and methods. Let
us accept his idea of compulsory arbitration, which is
a paradox to juggle with and therefore suits him.
When corporate capital and its labor differ labor will
! have the right to force the corporation to arbitrate,
but that right will be valueless unless the despised
corporation can be compelled to submit to the judg
ment. If labor want' s 2 a day instead of $1.50 the
i corporation must be compelled to take back its em
| {loves and pay them $2. If it cannot be made to do
: this Mr. Bryan's paradox of compulsory arbitration is
to labor a delusion and a snare, and to capital an idle
; and idiotic threat. But, if labor can compel capital to
! arbitrate and to submit to judgment, under the same
compulsory processes capital can compel labor to ar
■ bitrate and submit to judgment If capital can be
forced to take men back into its employ at a wage
j fixed by arbitration, men can be compelled to work
for capital at a wage fixed by arbitration. How will
labor look at that side of Mr. Bryan's paradox?
Many laborers, no doubt, cheered him to the echo,
but how would they like to be driven to work for a
certain employer at a wage fixed by his plan of com
pulsory arbitration? Do they not see that it takes
rights from labor exactly in proportion as it abridges
the rights of capital, and that the only arbitration
must be by consent and cannot be by compulsion?
Mr. Bryan next took up "government by injunc
tion," opposition to which he declared would "in
crease until the people of this nation, acting through
the constitutions and the laws, will make it impossible
to take away from people accused of crime the right
of trial by jury to determine the guilt or innocence."
There is material at hand for testing this high sound
ing sentence. The writ of injunction is used to pro
tect the rights of property. The people of the Feather,
Yuba, Bear, Sacramento and San Joaquin river
valleys have been living under government by injunc
tion since Judge Sawyer's time. Hydraulic mining in
the mountains disturbed the equilibrium of their dirt
and bowlders and washed both into the river beds,
causing floods and covering the valley farms with
slickens. To protect their property the valley people
applied to Judge Sawyer for a permanent injunction
forbidding hydraulic mining anywhere that it imper
| iled the streams. Judge Sawyer granted the injunc-
I tion, and "the valley farmers of Butte, Sutter. Yuba.
Colusa and other counties have since lived under
government by injunction. They have enforced their
rights under that government. The Anti-Debris As
sociation has been watchful, and when the injunction
has been violated in contempt of the court that made
it perpetual the offender has been taken to San Fran
cisco and the court has punished him by fine or in
prisonment for contempt of its judgment. Now, what
I Mr. Bryan demands is that there shall either be no
injunction at all or that the violators of it shall be
tried by a jury drawn from the vicinity of the offense,
as the constitution requires in the case of juries. Do
not the valley farmers see that under such a system
they are deprived of all means of protecting their
perty by law? What chance would the Anti-
Debris Association of Sutter County stand prose
cuting a hydraulic miner before a Nevada County
jury? Yet that is the alternative offered by Mr.
Bryan for the present protection by injunction and
the power to enforce it by punishment for contempt of
court.
His position on arbitration and injunction is illus
trative of his mental attitude toward all public ques
tions. With no profound foresight into the conse
quences and results of the plans he advocates, they
are used, after the methods of demagogy, to catch the
unwary, and if he had the power to enforce them the
disasters that would follow would make the curses
of his victims louder than the cheers of his sup
porters are now.
A backsliding enthusiast of Pasadena is eating the
bread of charity and praying night and day to make
up for lost time. He might try conversion to hard
work and doubly shame the devil.
A Pennsylvanian bought his brother's wife, cow
and house the other day for $200. He probably
placed the wife in the inventory of furniture.
Sir Henry M. Stanley seems to find opportunity
for a sneer in the fact that Oem Paul is an "old"
THE &AN TRA^ CISCO CALL, STJXPAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1899.
man. The President of the South African republic
has proved himself to be the most dangerously ag
gressively young-old man with whom the British have
had to deal in their policy of aggression.
rROM the earnestness with which representative
men of San Mateo County have expressed their
opposition to the gamblers' scheme of getting
Colma incorporated it is evident that if the issue were
to be left to the vote of all the people of the county
there would be no danger whatever. The gamblers
I would be outvoted by a majority so heavy they would
abandon the scheme at once and forever.
Unfortunately the issue will not be determined by
the vote of the whole county. Only the residents of ;
the district it is proposed to incorporate will have a
! vote, and as they are not numerous it will be a com
i paratively easy task for the political bosses like Buck-
Icy and the rest who are associated with the gam
blers to fill the district with voters who will do their
1 bidding at the polls. It is that fact which constitutes
the danger of the situation and arouses the watchful
ness of the people.
The issue is virtually in the hands of the Super
i visors. If that body concede the petition of the gam-
I biers for an election on the question of incorporation,
1 and great care be not taken to prevent the importa
! tion of toughs and touts and others of the gambling
push, it will be a foregone conclusion the gamblers
I will win out, for they have stacked the cards, loaded
: the dice and fixed the game. It will be in their hands,
i and the genuine residents and property-owners of
that pretty suburb will be helpless in the face of the
odds against them.
To the Supervisors, then, the people look for pro
■ tection. The incorporation of Colma by the gang
that is now seeking it means the establishment of a
wide open gambling hell of the worst kind. It will
draw to San Mateo the viler elements of the popu
! lation of San Francisco and blight the county as the
region around Sausalito has been blighted. It will
I be a place to be shunned by decent people, and be
come the resort of knaves and their dupes.
The exposure of the evil effects of the Ingleside
I racetrack gambling in this county has been so re -
I cently made the Supervisors of San Mateo cannot
have forgotten the dreadful record of crimes and
t tragedies that were traced to that source. Moreover,
they must be aware of the disgraceful scenes that have
I been again and again enacted in Sausalito in the strife
of one set of gamblers against another. There may be
many points for the Supervisors to take into consid
eration in dealing with the issue, but surely the de
termining one must be that of protecting the commun
ity from crime.
The Mole St. Nicholas man seems to have changed
his base of operations to Atlanta, Ga. At any rate the
wild and woolly "German spy" story circulated from
I that point by Bentheim bears all the marks of the
handiwork of the man on the»mole.
«
Business men are shy of accepting local Demo
cratic Supervisorial nominations. Those that over
come their diffidence are likely to find the day after
election that a shyness of votes in their pile was ample
justification of their first thoughts.
r^ COMMUNICATIONS from Washington fore
l casting the financial recommendations of the
Government agree that at the coming session
Congress will be asked to revise the war revenue bill
for the purpose of correcting certain defects which
have been found in it, and also for the purpose of in
' creasing the amount of revenue derived from it. Such
revision will be in accord with the popular wish, for
ever since the law has been in operation it has been
evident the ambiguities of the language of the act
have made room for tax-shirking on a large scale by
; great corporations and the consequent shifting of the
tax upon the public.
Among the largest of tlie^e tax-shirkers the ex
press companies have been notorious. The Call has
repeatedly pointed out the many tricks the Wells-
Fargo Express Company has practiced on this coast
in evading the tax. No sooner was the law enacted
than the express company requested The Call to con
nive at a scheme for shirking the tax and promised a
share of the profits. By the scheme suggested the
express company offered to receive from The Call a
whole wagon-load of papers as one package, thus de
; frauding the Government of that much of its just
I revenues. The Call as a matter of course refused to
i be a party to the swindle and promptly exposed the
, proposal. It is quite likely, however, that some other
| largt shippers may have joined in the scheme and that
tiie Government has been defrauded all along in that
w?y.
Recently suit was brought against the company by
a firm of merchants who allege that for a considerable
time the express company took goods from them for
shipment without requiring them to pay the stamp
taxes. That was done for a large shipper, while
smi-ller shippers were compelled to pay the tax. Thus
a discrimination was made which was unfair to the
public and onerous to those upon whom the injustice
'■ fell. From the nature of the proposition made to The
! Call it is fair to assume that when the express com
'■ pany took shipments from large shippers and agreed
to pay the tax it took whole wagon-loads of packages
and lumped them together and put but one stamp
upon the receipt.
Bad as these offenses are, however, they are but r\
minor part of the comprehensive tax-shirking of the
corporations. As a rule express companies have re
-1 quired the public, to pay the taxes which the law im
! poses upon the companies themselves. The issue has
; been taken to the courts time and again in many States
and the decisions have been against the claims of the
corporations, but nevertheless they have continued
to rob the public day after day until the aggregate of
the sums extorted now amounts to millions of dollars.
When Congress undertakes the revision of the law
: care should be taken to put an end to such tax
j shirking as that which has been exposed. The Con
. gressmen from this State will be expected to insist
. upon that point. The people of California are weary
of being robbed by tax-shirkers. The language of
the law should be freed from ambiguities and made
, clear beyond the possibility of a legal quibble. More
, I over, a heavy penalty should be imposed upon the
i j corporation that undertakes to evade the law and
. shirk the tax. The issue will be one of the most im
portant to be dealt with at the coming session, and
, the delegation from California should stand as a unit
; i for the people and the Government against the
I I shirkers.
A Maria County litigant has sued a woman convict
of San Quentin for a sum of money which he loaned
her. He should remember that the lady is State prop
erty and cannot be sued.
It is said that a neglect of British interests has made
England a laughing stock in China. It is ten to one
there is considerable Chin»e» uneasiness in the laugh.
THE DANGER AT COLMA.
THE WAR REVENUE LAW.
EDITORIAL VARIATIONS.
BY JOHN McNfIUGHT.
Maurice Grau is reported to have
stated in a recent interview in London
that he would like to have grand operas
sung in English for the reason that
they would be more thoroughly enjoyed
by American and English audiences;
yet it is impossible to do so.
"It is all right in theory," he said,
"but it is not all right in practice. When
you come to sift the objections you get
down finally to just one, and that is
that the artists, as a rule, don't wish to
sing in English. Some of them, of
course, can't speak English, but that
doesn't matter so much when you come
to consider that Plancon, for instance,
sings an entire opera in admirable Ger
man without being able to speak a sin
gle word of that language in conversa
tion. It isn't the difficulty of acquiring
English, but it seems to be an objection
to the language itself. I dare say that
if we were to ask Mine. Nordica, an
American, born in Maine, to sing grand
opera in English she would object. So,
doubtless, would lime. Eames and all
the other singers whose native tongue
is English. It doesn't appear to be so
much that English is hard to sing as it
is that it is considered beneath an art
ist's dignity to sing grand opera in
English. They seem to feel that it
would be somehow a degradation."
Inasmuch as there are a good many
men and women who are just as nice
folks if not as fine singers as Eames,
Nordlca and the rest, who do sing
grand opera in English without being
degraded, it is evident there is some
thing wrong with the Grau theory.
Grand opera in English brings about 50
cents an orchestra stall, while in any
other language it brings $5 a gallery
seat and becomes a social function.
That may have much to do with the
problem. It doesn't degrade the artists,
but it lowers the prices, and that is
enough to make any high-souled devo
tee to the most spiritual of arts quaver
in the voice and give forth raucous
tones.
• • *
It is quite within the limits of prob
ability that one of the reasons why
gifted singers with heaven-sent voices
scorn to sing grand opera in English is
because there is no fit translation of the
words. I have never studied the Eng
lish libretto of a grand opera, and
therefore cannot speak with certainty
on the subject; but lately I have had
occasion to note the English version of
the German of some of Schubert's
songs, and have found ample cause to
believe that English versions of opera
must be something that could be safely
recommended to kill cats.
In one. of Schubert's songs, "Auf dem
Flusse," the poet addresses a frozen
river whose current is hidden under
thick ice. The translation in Paver's
edition of the songs contains this gem
of a verse:
As still as death you seem;
A hard substantial flooring
Is laid down overhead.
And motionless and dreary
Lies on the sand outspread.
Now, what singer in the wide world
could pour forth his emotions in song
through the medium of such a bill of
specifications as that calling for a
"hard, substantial flooring, laid down
overhead"? I waive the question of
putting the floor overhead where the
ceiling ought to be, and submit the
proposition solely upon its aptness to
incline any rational creature to sing it.
• • *
"Retrospect" is one of Schubert's
songs in which the poetry in the Ger
man is finest and best. It opens with
an outburst of passion in which the
singer declares that his impatience and
his eagerness to hasten away from a
town of misfortune are such that al
though his path is through Ice and snow
yet his feet burn. In the English ver
sion the song begins more like the wall
of a tramp than the rage of a poet:
With broken boots fresh anguish causing
My burning feet press ice and snow.
It is not worth while to pursue the
theme. "When the burning impatience
of a lover's flying feet is turned into
the anguish caused by broken boots it
is time to abandon translation and stick
to the original. It is, indeed, even bet
ter to return to our own native, true,
American minstrelsy and give utterance
in melody to the fervor and beauty of
such words as these:
Baby don't go and leave me,
You know It's gwine to grieve me.
Hold mo tight, I lub you, baby mine.
Don't want a cent of sugar,
Don't want no other nigger.
When you linger by my side
It's honey all the time.
• ♦ •
We must go East to learn what is go
ing on in San Francisco and get a clear
Insight into the motives that cause the
going. The Filipino village at the Me
chanics' Fair affords an illustration of
the dear old truth. In this city we may
believe the Filipinos were brought here
partly to enable us to see what a Fili
pino is like and partly to furnish a
novel attraction for the fair. In the
East they have a far higher wisdom
than that. The Washington corre
spondent of the Philadelphia Public
Ledger informs his paper that the Gov
ernment has been notified that the Fili
pinos were brought here for political
effect. He says they are of a very low
order of Intelligence, extremely careless
in the matter of cleanliness, and adds:
"It is believed that the real object in
bringing these degraded specimens of
humanity to this country is to show
what a maps of ignorance and savagery
the United States has become respons
ible for, and that the result would be
the creation of a sentiment against
keeping the Philippines."
To that statement there is hardly any
repartee possible except to say to
Washington, Philadelphia and the
whole East: "You are another."
• • *
It is not only the Filipino in sight in
this country that disturbs the imperial
ist, for the Filipino out of sight in his
own tropical paradise is about as irri
tating. In fact, there are some Eastern
jinpoes who believe the Filipino is a
kissing bug. A correspondent of the
New York Sun thus pictures the enemy:
"The whole campaign illustrates some
features of the situation in the Philip
pines admirably. W« are fighting a
reckless, irresponsible enemy who can
scatter his men like scared chickens at
will whenever he is pressed too closely.
When we think we have him com
pletely demoralized and ready to give
up he takes advantage of the slightest
lapse of vigilance on our part to gather
his robed-in-the-garments-of-peace sol
diers together again and give us a
whack. By the time we can gather our
selves up to wipe him off the face of the
earth he is back in the garments of
peace again, and we can't find him."
It la to be hoped the Philadelphia
Ledger and the Washington authorities
vfrll give attention to that statement of
the Sun. A race of people whose sol
diers when slaughtered one day on the
field of battle rise next day in the gar
ments of peace and on the third day are
ready to fight again is certainly a race
worth putting on exhibition. In fact,
the sight of a single one of them is
worth the price of admission. This is
the time for Eastern tourists to come
West and see our show.
In these days a new form of political
jobbery is about as hard to invent as
was anew pleasure in the days when |
Sardanapalus offered a province to any
man who would devise one. Neverthe
less a novel job has been forthcoming,
and Pennsylvania is the land of its tri
umph. The State Zoologist of that good
State wrote a small treatise on the dis
eases and enemies of poultry. When
printed it formed a pamphlet of less
than 100 pages. He submitted it to the
Legislature as a work which should be
in every household, and the legislators,
believing him and seeing no harm in a
poultry pamphlet, nor suspecting any
In a zoologist, authorized its publication
by the State "with such alterations and
additions a-s the author should see fit to
make." The author saw fit to make a
good many. His little pamphlet ex
panded to a volume of 749 pages. The
courts were appealed to in vain. The |
act authorizing the book is valid, and
it must be published even though it
rakes the treasury.
In its expanded form the work seems
to be a treatise on universal knowledge,
with special adaptability for use in pub
lic schools. One critic says of it:
"Without doubt the volume is worth
an extended review if only because it is
an example of probably one of the most
barefaced perversions of the plain in
tent of an act ever presented in the his
tory of the State. There are a few col
ored plates illustrating diseases of poul
try, and there are upward of 100 pictur
ing birds, mammals and wild birds'
eggs. There are numerous half-tone
pictures Illustrating picturesque spots
in Pennsylvania and of men dressed in
grass gunning suits. There is a two
page story pathetically describing how
twelve ducklings belonging to a 'cross j
old hen, who scolded' because her fos- !
ter offspring took to the water, disap
peared one by one in the most mysteri
ous manner; how several innocent cats
were suspected and shot; how a faithful
pointer was beaten and tied up for the j
same reason; how a boy was held under
surveillance because of a belief that he ,
was the guilty one, and how a snapping ;
turtle was finally found to be the crim
inal by a 'sturdy son of Vulcan 1 ; how
the dog was released from imprison
ment and signalized his joy by half kill
ing a favorite kitten belonging to "an j
old maid'; how the boy was petted, and j
how, in fact, all were made happy ex- j
cept the poor, slaughtered cats, whose
bodies were used as fertilizers for some
grapevines which needed rich nourish- !
ment. There are other stories scattered j
through the book which may be consid- j
ered very entertaining even though
they have little relation to diseases of
poultry."
One would suppose an official having
such small opportunities as fall to the
lot of a zoologist, who could make a J
coup of that kind, would be at once
placed upon a pedestal as a standing
candidate for higher honors, but such
public favor has not been awarded him.
He has been forced by the clamors of |
an unlearned populace to resign his of
fice, and is now tormented by inquiries
from librarians as to whether his book
should be catalogued under the classifi
cation of agriculture, ornithology,
mammalogy, ichthyology or general
sports.
* • •
From the designs submitted for the
buildings of the University of California
it is evident the competing architects
took our large words literally. We said
we desired the biggest thing on the j
globe, and they prepared their designs j
accordingly. Such superb masses of
architecture have not been seen since
the days of the Caesars. One enrap
tured gazer upon the plans said to an
other: "What do you think?" and the
other responded: "I think I should like
to live to see the last building of either '
set completed."
The vastness of each structure de
vised for carrying out the vaster plan
of the stupendous whole has staggered
the general public. We expected some
thing that would surpass Stanford, and
we have received something into which
all Stanford could be placed and lost to I
sK r lit, remaining not even to memory
dear. If we make a stagger at accom
plishing such a marvelous aggregate
of palaces in our present mood it will
be something like a case of blind stag
gers. For the moment we are "beat,"
and feel much like the peasant to whom
the rajah gave the elephant.
Fortunately for us, the human mind
grows up to the level of whatever it
contemplates with a sincere aspiration.
Magnificent as the plans are, they are
in truth none too magnificent for Cali
fornia. They present to us an Ideal of
architectural beauty, and it is now our
duty to live up to it. Something like a
fortune will be required to construct a
single one of the principal edifices of
either of the designs, and it is not likely
any Legislature will vote a sufficient
appropriation for it. We must rely
upon the munificence of millionaires,
and I, for one, believe the reliance will
not be in vain. At any rate, we have
started out upon a big venture, and
something monumental will come of it
even if it be no more than a bust.
In commenting last week upnn the
fact that the Eastern press in referring
to university education in this State
nearly always speaks of Stanford an>l
Ignores Berkeley as if it were not, I
said unless something be done promptly
to advertise Berkeley the report of the
great architectural designs would be re
garded in the East as the announce
ment of an annex to Stanford's family
monument. That was Intended for ex
aggeration, but there is many a true
word spoken when we do not intend it.
On one of the designs for the new build
ings there is laid out a broad thorough
fare through the grounds, and it is
marked "Stanford avenue."
It is to be hoped the people of
California will grapple in earnest with
the noble task that has been set them
at Berkeley. It is certainly an inspiring
one, for superb architecture more pro
foundly affects the imagination than
any other art. It appeals strongly to
all that is greatest in the human mind,
and accordingly kings and conquerors
and all men of vast ambitions have
been great builders. Nations that have
cherished high Ideals of grandeur,
whether Imperial or republican, have
shared with their aspiring leaders the
delight In magnificent structures. The
turbulent freemen of old Rome yielded
a more willing submission to the rule
of Augustus Caesar because he trans
formed their city of brick into a city
of marble and made it truly majestic.
Napoleon won the people O f artistic
Paris by adorning that city with
new palaces and stately monuments,
and in our own country even so
vulgar a leader as Boss Tweed
long held the favor of the voters
of New York by reason of the elaborate
works he undertook in the way of.
splendid public buildings and park dec
orations.
"Man," said Cicero, "never work 3so
like a god as in the building of a na
tion." Now, the spirit that animates a
people to make a great commonivMiih
can best manifest itself in artistic
forms through the medium of architec
ture. To that art all others except rriu
3ic are accessory and subordinate. A
generous, patriotic woman, through a
happy inspiration, has given us an
impetus toward a genuinely noble
achievement in architecture and has
furnished us with the best designs
for its attainment the skill and the
genius of our age can provide. Ii
remains to be seen how we will respond
to the leadership. California holds a
proud pre-eminence in the Union by
reason of the grandeur of h^r scenery.
Shall we now add to her glory a tri
umph of architecture not unworthy of
the land of Yosemite, of Tahoe and of
Shasta?
POSTAGE ON SUNDAY CALL.
SUN DA V CALL wrapped ready
for mailing — postage 2c to all
points in United States, Canada
and Mexico, and 4c to all for-
eign points.
PRESS COMMENTS
The Call Forging to the Front
\ptoriai
There are several excellent dailies pub
lished in San Francisco, but among them
The Call is surely forging to the front.
Its Sunday's issue is freer from yellowish
literature than its contemporaries al
though It teems with columns of bright
and newsy matter which is rapidly ad
vancing it in public esteem. The Exam
iner, like its sister publication, the Jour
nal of New York, is radically sensational
and impairs its general appearance w;th
a makeup which might well resemble a
resistance to a bombardment by printer s
ink and assorted type loaded and nred at
random. The Call is neat typographiral
lv and under the present admirable, man
agement is sure of boundless success.
Says Gage Slapped Labor
Ukiah Dispatch and Democrat.
The Building Trades Council of San
Francisco have passed strong resolutions
denouncing Governor Gage for appointing
F V Meyers of Stockton Labor Commis
sioner Mr. Gage has again slapped the
laboring people in the face by turning
the only office that could be of aid to
them over to the Southern Pacihc. It is
™g that the workingmen of the State
would expect anything from the ■ Gmer
nm'B office. Herrin demanded the posi-
Son for a corporation friend and of course
his valet, Narrow Gage, had to g.i\e it
to him. .
The People's Burden.
Ukiah Dispatch and Democrat.
"Imperialism" and a large standing
army may be a good thing for trusts and
Syndicates that profit by Government
contracts, but they will be a terrible bur
den for the people to bear.
AROUND TOE
CORRIDORS
Ex-f^n pressman James A. Louttit of
Stockton is at the Lick.
G. F. Trenwith, a Santa Barbara mer
chant, is a guest at the Grand.
I, X Parks, a mining man of Poker
Bar. is registered at the Occidental.
Captain J. Mellon, who operates steam
boats on the Colorado River, is at the
Lick.
Dunning Rideout and W. B. Swain of
Maryeville are among the arrivals at the
Palace.
William T. Brill, who is connected with
the St. Paul Pioneer Press, is staying at
the Palace.
Joseph Perrault, City Surveyor of Boise,
Idaho, and uncle of Supervisor Perrault,
is at the Grand for a brief stay.
R. M. Shackelford, the Paso Robles cap
italist, who has been staying at the Lick
for the past week, left for home yester
day.
T. H. Selvage, an attorney of Eureka,
and C. Pereira, who owns coffee planta
tions in Guatemala, are arrivals at the
Grand.
A. E. Law, division superintendent of
the Northern Pacific for Minnesota, is
registered at the Occidental with his wife
and son. Captain A. A. Law.
Charles P. Hoffman, the well-known
California mining engineer, has returned
frnm South America, where he was en
gaged professionally in the interests of
a British syndicate. He has also been
in Siberia and elsewhere during the past
five years.
M. Q. Hall, superintendent of the North
ern Pacific Express, with headquarters
at Portland, Or., is in the city with his
family. Mr. Hall is also manager of the
Alaska and Pacific Express Company,
which operates a line from Portia:
Seattle to Dawson. He is here on busi
ness and pleasure combined.
JUDGE AND ATTORNEY AT OUTS
Ernest Graves Objects to Paying a
Fine for Contempt.
Ernest Graves, v well-known attorney
In San Luis Obispo County, has locked
horns with the Judge ol the Su
Court of that division, with results un
pleasant to his Honor Judgq Unangst and
unprofitable to Graves. The latter had a
case before the court a week <>r So
and he presented an affidavit in which he
Bel forth that the Judge was biased, and
concluding bs asserting that by reason of
the alleged biafl ins client would not have
a fair and impartial hearing. Graves re
quested or demanded thai the court call
In a Judge from pom*- adjoining county to
hear the case so that his client should not
suffer t>y reason of the bias mentioned.
Judge rnangst considered the affidavit as
uncalled for and he 'lined Attorney GraVeS
$100 for contempt. Yesterday attorneys
representing Graves applied to the Su
preme Court for a writ of certiorar] to re
strain the lower court from executing the
order of commitment. The ground for the
application is that the lower court hail
exceeded its Jurisdiction. A writ was
granted by the Supreme Court, together
with a ptay of proceedings until the mat
ter of the contempt and jurisdiction can
be review* d.
Robbed Railroad Cars.
Charles ICcDevitt, a well known thief,
was booked at the City Prison yesterday
by Detective Ryan and Special Detective
Lewln of the Southern Pacific Company
on the charge of burglary. He la accused
of breaking into passenger cars and steal
ing altogether about 500 pounds of brass,
which he sold to junk dealers.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per Ib at Townsend's.*
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau <AUen's). 510 Mont
gomery etreet. Telephone Main 1042. •MISCELLANEOUS.
j GOODS MARKED IN PLAIN FIGURES-CASH FIGURES 1^
, iK SAMPLE FURNITURE
I \
i ' ~~~" ~" ~~^— —__ _———_— ——
\ Has just arrived. Only one of a style, and every style the
$ latest and best. A Grand Rapids Exposition line of sam-
ples — fresh, new, advanced patterns — bought at a sacrifice.
Elegant Sample Parlor Suits. I
j Beautiful $45 Sample Cherry Frame- Elegant $75 Piano-polished Cherry- I
y Parlor Suits, covered with Silk Tapes- frame Sample Parlor Suits, handsome- <
? try. in the new green and rich d»/jrjly carved, covered with new de- (f^Q '.
J> light and dark combinations. Our Ji/JWigna of rich silk damask. Our >,»fl i
2 Special Sample Bale Price *V" V Special Sample Sale Price ** vyj j
I Magnificent $100 Mahogany-frame <
) Rich, new $90 Sample Parlor Suits, in Sample Parlor Suits, richly carved and <
? Mahogany frame, exquisitely carved, j covered with the very best qua'.lty ;
i covered with finest Silk Damask, In Satin Damask. A novelty In this Suit <
> the new empire designs, large, roomy is a beautiful Reception Chair. Every ;
< seats, tufted edges and backs, < is piece has tufted edges and back, with ,
<s and gimps are pure silk to i A same material covering outside £/A !
v match. Our Special Sample Sale \±fl back as front. Our Special Sam- >||ll ,
> Price V*7l pie Sale prico ** ;uv ;
< -•»••••«»««•»•«••• J
| Sample Chamber Suits. j
J Elegant $25 Sample Chamber Girl $s*o Sample Chamber Suits of £a r ',
X Suits of Richly Polished Golden MJVelegant Birdseye Maple and >&?) !
s Oak *P IV Golden Oak v <
*■ Fine $30 Sample Chamber Suits <f»to $125 Sample Chamber Suits of «j»qa •
X In Handsomely Carved Golden 3||A Rich Mahogany and Polished J)fUi ;
s Oak VlU Wamut VUV ;
i Beautiful $45 Sample Chamber jf^/> $175 Sample Chamber Suits of fl»Ar '
X Suits of Hand-carved Quartered >A/; Rare Circassian Walnut and JU") ;
Golden Oak *P«'*' Mahogany . t * f7V !
Iron Beds. Fancy Rockers, j
$5 Elegant Brass-knob, fine kiln- Our regular $6 Fancy Cobbler-seat ;
baked. White Enameled Beds. rf»/< Solid Oak or Mahogany-fin- fri a a ,
\t any size, go in this sale \fi /JVish Rockers, go in this sal© >4.UU :
.'sj for a t J
i> $7 Pure White Kiln-baked Enameled i The $10 fancy design Leather-seat 2
Iron Bods, with fancy de- #/ Wood Rockers in Polished {7 Aft j
sign bra^s rail and knobs, go \1 Oak or Mahogany. For this \t III) <
in this sale for ... v^<«/sale " vw <
$1° Steel Beds, with very heavy $5 large, roomy, well-made Reed *
v-. brass-trimmed rails, knobs <J»/ mr Rockers with fancy woven d»r (in ,
and supports. For this sale SO /3^cks close-woven reed seats. \JJ t \j\J *
only they go at W' i v special for this sale only at.. W.vw j
-.■*
$ : = ES>f name Sewing Machines.
. . • * j
•; ' .^l^-^7-3 cr-^:r^-i sA A HIGH-GRADE MACHINE for less than the cost 5
s t.i^u \'"*J X** 5 ' A^^v lof a worthless one. It will more than repay you <,
- s LLJLfA'C V^K^li J? to investigate. A 5-drawer drop-head,- high arm 5
\s *" fl ' V M •\^4^ machine— all the most modern Improvements. In- I
>Z \\.'ij\ yVavsW-'i eluding a complete set of the finest steel self-ad- j
si /Mrt< /sX*u\Jk justing attachments, elegantly put up in a velvet- ?
71 /5f W 'Kl\ lined, japanned box. Ball bearings like a bicycle, 2
n> finished, nickel-trimmed. Writ- try- gr\ g? \
■ ■ guarantee for 10 years. Sold by 29k V£% I
« &~&i&i£ii&r* agents for $50 V^^v
g-3-r>^r/^ YOU DON T PAT FOR THE NAME.
| PATTOSIEN'S
\ THEATER BUILDING, 16th and Mission Streets.
SAN JOSt.
<S YOU SAVE MONEY AT PATTOSIEN'S!
ST. ROSES PARISH
ENJOYS AN OUTING
Xarge Attendance of Members and
Friends at the Annual Picnic
Given at Shell Mound.
Tr-* numbers, pupils and friends of St.
KoJe's parish enjoyed a delightful ou.Ung
at Shell Mound Park yesterday. Every
rain from the city took its share o
plksuri^siekers; Athletic sports and
dancing formed the chief attractions of
th" day Many of the races were evenly
contend. The race for California^ olun
teere wa« a source of great interest to the
• Fpoctatofs. Corporal Bucking proved
test runner.
and win
follow ng
Race for boys I »tween 11 and 14. win *| :
"\lM.l(>r- nm» ra^e repeated. Harr> shlan:
came ra^Tepeated. Frank Horrtsan. Race for
Jm» between 11 and 14. Annie McDon
£im" race repeated. Klla Bradley: lame raw
related Kale Barnes. Race for boy, between
7 and 10. Mark McDonough: same m« ,**■
rested Tat McDonou ■.. same race repeated,
EdfMurphy. Race for girls between 7 nr.d in.
Nellie Beard: same race repeated Agnes i-oie^
Fsrr.p race repeat*"!, Helen Lacy. Kane '"
bc&jSnder 7. Ed Murphy; same face! repeated.
• girls unior .. <-•
tted, Irene Beard. Ra"
to be
come good honsekeepers" r P rilia •■•'»■ and Ella
Bradley Raef fr.r Ws between 15 and is Joe
'van lan! Race for married ladles. Mrs. Potter.
in™ for married m«, Charles Johnetone. na
f.-r single youne Indies. May Dlneen. Race for
flnkleirnen; Charles MeFadden. Race for fat
women. Mrs. Lacey. Race Armed thl? year at
Ilanlev. Race for hoys eonflrm«>d this year at
Ft Rr.Fe-8. Frank Hanigan. Race forgirla
.nnflrmed this y^ar at St. Rose's. Annie Ooran.
J-px race, young Ladle*' Sodality or Children
of Mary. Miss Flood. Race for lnrs* altar boys
ff St Rise's Parish. John Din<^n. Race for
email altar boys of St. Rose's Parish Thomas
IMchardson. Raco for plrls of Angels Sodality
f St Rose's Parish. Miss Lackey/* Wanting
match for married and slpklp men. Chris Wat
ers Race for B lrls ■ilint: St. Rose's School;
Josie Collopy. Race for boys attending St. |
"— 1
j TOO Mil I
I DISAPPOINTED. I
i '
5 cy, many having requested us to ■
• hold our stork for them a few days I i
• at $1; we have decided to extend the I |
j! Applications received up to 10 p. H
• m. of Saturday, September 16th; b ;
i v.-ill pet. In at $1 per share. Trice X j
i then advances 40 cents per Bha/e g
n every 10 days thereafter until par, g
5 J5 per share, is reached. This is the 1
j lnst opportunity offered to get In ■
i on the ground floor. 3 j
\ PROSPECTUS FREE. | !
I s g
1 BIG PANOCHE OIL CO., jj j
4:4 ADAMS BDILDINO, g
I 206 KEARNY STREET. §
I £AN PRANCISCa i
i OPEN EVENINGS. j| |
HUH WSf y l^T*tfi¥r? V^wHBHBH**
IA XL w I'M m mi .
k£ ?y EJ iia £* U [£i ■:
RADWAYS'S BBADV KKLHiFhai stood !
unrivaled before the public for 60 years a« i »
Pain Remedy. It instantly relieves and quickly ;
cures all Colds. Sore Throats. Influenza. Bron- I
chltU. Pneumonia, Rheumatism, Neuralt a. j
Headache Toothache and all pains. Internally J
&c Malaria wi Bowel Fain* AUAGurKlaia--
St. Brigid's Picnickers Danced, Dined and Played the Big Brownie Wheel.
Rose's School, W. Hurley. Threo-legged race.
Messrs. Scanlan and MeFadden. Race for f?lrls
of St. Brendan's and St. Vincent's schools.
Gertie Haniill. Race for boys of St. Brendan'*
and St. Vincent's schools. John Heard. Race
for married ladles of St. Rrse's Parish. Mrs.
McGulre. Race for Elrli of St. Joseph's and
Sacred Heart schools, Annie Do ran. Race tot
boyr of St. Joseph's, St. Ignatius and Sacred
ij,, ; i schools. D. Sullivan. Race for married
men of St. Rose's Parish, William Scanlan,
Race for men of the California Regiment, Cor
poral Bucking. Race for boys or the league
of the Cross. J. J. Nolan. Race for little slrls
6 and under. Irene Beard. Race for little boyi
6 and under, F. McDonoußh. Race for mem
bers of Young Men's Institute, Yerke Council,
Mr Cull. Race for professional runners,
Charles MeFadden. Race open to ladies, mar
ried and single, Mrs. Mohr. Best standing
leap, Joe Scanlan.
■ ♦ ■
F. H. Cherry, representing the Vulcan
Iron Works of San Francisco, was a
passenger on the United States trans
port Newport, bound for Manila. Mr.
Cherry goes to Manila to direct the
erection of an ice plant for Thomas
Evans & Co. This will make the third
plant supplied by th'> Vulcan Iron
Works for Manila firms. — Hawaiian
Star.
■ ♦ .
THE REPUBLICANS
Session of the. Convention's Commit
tee on Permanent Organization
and Order of Business.
The committee on permanent organiza
tion and order of business; appointed re
cently by Sheldon O. Kellogg, chairman
of the Republican Local Convent! met
at the Grand Hotel last evening. Colonel
A. .-' Jlubbard. chairman of the com
mittee, called the members together 10
enable them to get acquainted one with
another. Thirteen of the eighteen dele
gates attended. There wan a general talk
on topics connected with the organization
of the convention, hut no business was
transacted. The committee will hold an
other session next Wednesday evening.
•-«>« - -
Seeing it* believing. "Keith's" for hats.*
— — . ♦ ■
Park Music To Day
The Pa-rk Rand will render we following pro-
Kranime to-day:
March, "Bands Rosa" Borrentln i
Overture, "ICUsa et I". tudio" Mercadante
Melodies from the new opera "Barenhouter"
Siegfried Wagner
"Dance of the Haura" Ponchielli
Selection rota "Fatinlt«a" Bupp«
Overture. "Tuttl in Maschera" Pedrotti
Cornet duet, "The Two Gossips"
Performed by William Mahood and E. Keller.
Scenes i,-. m "Pagliacci" Leoncavallo
"Spanish Retreat" Hopkins
"Concert Galop" - Ellenberg
Sidney Cooper, the English artist, who
Is now nearlng his ninety-sixth birth
day had four paintings cm view this
season at Burlington Hou§e, and sold
ail .of ..them- . - — —
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 10. 1899.
PLEASURE AND
MIRTH HELD A
HAPPY CROWD
St. Brigid's Was a
Success.
CHURCH FUND ENLARGED
VERY LARGE ATTENDANCE AT
SCHUETZEN PARK.
Jigs and Reels to the Tune of a Jbively
Fiddle — Valuable Prizes for
Twenty Racing Events
Awarded.
The reunion of St. Brigid's parishioners
at Schuetzen Park yesterday was a suc
anancially as well as socially. The
early boats for Tiburon were crowded,
and even as late as 3 o'clock In the day
new arrivals swelled the number until It
reached nearly 1500. That every one had a
good time was apparent from the happy
t'aoes in all parts of the grounds, and to
Father M. P. Kyan is duo much credit
i for the general enjoyment. J. H. Scanlan
I and Charles McCarthy were also very
much In evidence in the matter of attend
; ing to the wants of the picnickers.
Business to a certain extent was com
i blued with pleasure, for all of the pro
ceeds from the sale of tickets, wheel of
■ fortune, etc., are to be donated to the fund
: for building the new church on Van Ness
avenue, and there was not a stingy hand
i in the crowd.
"While the majority found amusement on
the dancing floor of Captain Schuemann's
1 big pavilion, many others sought recrea
tion among the trees, where they partook
! of their lunches. Others still wooed for
tune at the Brownie wheel, over which
mas Butterworth presided like an old
, hand at the business, and not a few of
■ those who hailed from the old sod shook
! their heels on the dancing platform in
; jig and reel to the tune of a riddle. Ofh
j cer Kreegan was among the latter, and
i none had more fun in this line than he.
i Even the dignity of his uniform did not
• prevent him from "dancing down" many
; a good-looking lady and lass.
The clergy were present and the pleas
, ure of their members was in making all
arouii'l them happy. Prominent were
Key. Father John E. Cottle, the pastor;
Rev. Father M. I. Ryan and Rev. Father
ph Byrne. To their credit be it said
| they objected to the sale of intoxi
cating liquors on the grounds, and their
wishes were observed to the letter, with
3ponding beneficial results. One
• most attractive features of he oc
cation was the races for old and young,
and for the twenty odd events there were
le that number of valuable prizes
Following were the prize winners:
< under 10— First prize, James McCor
mick; second, Frank Durham. Olrls under 10 —
. First. lina; second, Frame? McCar
j thy. Boya between 10 ami 14— First. Jchn
O'Brien; second, Thomas Rlordan. Girls be
ind 14— First. Teresa Malone; second,
■ livrrie Hanna. Boys between 14 and IS -First,
B, Power; se nd Joseph O'Keefe. Girls be
-14 and IS— First, Annie Clarke; second.
I Clara Green. For single m«*n— First. Robert
in; second, Thomas Mahnney. Marrlod
iaa Mahoney; second, M. Pfn
r.iitnn. Married women — First, Mrs. Flynn: ]
I Mr^ M. Sullivan. Fat men— First. George
I, .1. T. Flynn. Fat women— |
nd, Mrs. J. GUI. j
Three-legged rare-First. lHirham brothers;
and George Peterson. Altar j
■ 11— First, W. Clasby; second. F.
St. Aloyslus Sodality— !
Ftm Gerald Malone; second, Tlmraas Rior
dan. Graduates of St. T3rt*!d's Convent— First,
Katie Curley; second, A?ne? Kelly. Members
mlttee First. F. T. Creede; second. Kd
[ Convey. Olrl? nf Pt. nrlgM's (on vent- -First, I
Mnrsraret Haley; second. Allm Harrlcon. Boyi
nvent First. W. Alexander;
second. Joe Durham. Altar boys' rac, 11 and
over- First, V. Durham; second, Ed Guldet.
Dear Mndam: "Pegamoid" pays come;
You're welcome. Chrontrle building, No. EL
TEMPERANCE WORKERS
FIGHT FOR THE CAUSE
PKOHIBITION RALLY IN HOW
ARD-STREET K. E. CHURCH.
Addresses by Rev. J. W. Webb,
Chairman of the State Executive
Committee of the Party,
and Others.
A temperance rally was held in the
Howard - Street Methodist Episcopal
Church yesterday afternoon and evening,
when a determined effort was made to
interest the people in the contest that is
brine: waged between the forces of' the
Prohibition party and the liquor sellers.
L. S. Atv 'i of Stockton presided, and
among th< principal speakers were Rpv.
.]. W. Webb of Fresno, chairman of the
executive committee of tho Stato Pro
hibltion party; B. i. Meads of the Oak
land High School and Miss M. A. Thomp
,-fin. also of Oakland.
Mr. W. bb spoke on tho "Outlook,"
nnd dcliv* r'-'l a lengthy argument in fa
vor '>r prohibition, in the course of which
ho ciro.l many instances of tho evil ef
fects dt the uh of Intoxicating liquors,
and drew a glowing picture of the mani
fold Hefsinga that would result in the
event of a national prohibition law.
.\ir. inok for his subject "The
Pi it billon Press," and spoke at rcmsid
erable length on tho work it is doing tor
md the greater worh thai could
ceomplished if the tempfrance peo
pie if the State would ,ui\'«' it ihelr hearty
support.
Miss Thompson made an eloquent ap
pp;!l mr contributions to cfirry an the
work. Money for this purpose, she de
clared, was absolutely necessary, :md she
Lied to .ill who have the good of the
(Musi- ;it heart to come forward with lib
eral subscriptions.
Temperance club?' are being organized
throughout the State, and the San Fran-
I ■[•• hibttion Club, under the anle
man igcment of <~'hnirmnn Nicholas Mor
com and Secretary G. B. Conant, is rap
idly as?;.'mfnp; eroodly proportions. Appli
cations for membership may be addrepsori
to Secretary Conant at 132 McAllister
street or 800 Jones street.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal,. J. Koonao, 1017-1025 Mission.
MISS CROCKER
HAS ATTAINED
HER MAJORITY
An Entertainment in
Honor of the Event.
MILLIONS IN HER OWN RIGHT
MISS KATE SALISBURY TO
WED ALEXANDER KEYES.
Marriage That Will Unite the
Worthy Representatives of Two
Old and Famous Southern
Families.
On Thursday, September 7, Miss Man."
i Crocker, only daughter of the late Colonel
I Fred Crocker, attained her majority and
| the trustees of her father's estate handed
| over to her the many millions he had
willed her.
The vast fortune that this young girl is
| now mistress of to do with as she pleases
i Is considerably over three millions of dol
! lars, yielding an income of more than one
i hundred thousand a year. This makes
Miss Crocker undoubtedly the wealthiest
unmarried woman in California.
Since Colonel Crocker's death Miss
Crocker has made her home with her
grandmother, Mrs. Easton, in San Mateo,
sharing her guardian's love and affection
with her two brothers. She has been
carefully reared and splendidly educated,
i and is a happy, vivacious girl, fond of all
kinds of outdoor sports. Miss Crocker has
been spending the summer with her aunt,
Mrs. Alexander, at Del Monte.
In honor of their niece's birthday Mr.
and Mrs. Charles Alexander gave an elab
orate dinner on Thursday evening at the
: old Crocker mansion on California street.
Fifty guests were entertained, the ma
jority of whom were the young friends of
Miss Crocker.
Dinner was served at eight email tables,
I and each table boasted or a separate and
' original decoration. After dinner there
''• was music and dancing. On Friday morn
' ing Miss Crocker left with Mr. and Mrs.
i Alexander for Burlingame and was with
' them among the interested visitors at the
open-air horse show.
Another important social event on
Thursday was the announcement to a few
! intimate friends of the engagement of
Miss Kate Thornton Salisbury and Alex
. ander D. Keyed. It was Intended to keep
the affair very quiet, but such is the popu
larity of the young couple that the happy
news spread quickly, and yesterday con
gratulations came pouring in from all
i tides.
Miss Salisbury is without exception the
1 most sought after of all the belles.
Charming, accomplished and talented, a
favorite by reason of her rare intellectual
force as well as her beauty, the young
1 bride-to-be has since her debut three sea
sons ago been a leader in her select set.
Miss Salisbury Is the daughter of Mr.
' and Mrs. Monroe Salisbury. She has in
herited from her mother the wit of a mas
i ter mind. Mrs. Salisbury as Miss Robin
: son was famous for her beauty and bril
liant repair.- She is connected with the
famous Crittenden and Thornton families
of Kentucky, and ever since her marriage
to Monroe Salisbury, who was once oik;
of the wealthiest men of the State, has
been one of the recognized social leader?.
Mr Keyes, the fortunate man. Is a Bal
timorean"by birth, and is about 33 years
of age. He inherited considerable fortune
from his father, General Keyes. who was
one of the wealthy men of the State, hay
: Ing come here in the year 1849. Mr. Keyes ;
Is a bright young attorney at law. and
has been practicing his profession here
1 since 1891.
~*~.
Transforming Power of Love.
The fourth in tho special series of les-
pnns to men only by Rev. 1,. J. Garver
will be pivon at the Young Men's Chris
tian Association Auditorium, Mason and
Kills street, at 2 o'clo.-k this after
*******************
4*
&* This little pocket edition of the Celebrated Electric Medical Treatment is of great value to any one suffering from +£.
f RHEUMATISM, SCIATICA, LUMBAGO, PAIN IN BACK, SLUGGISH |
& ORGANS, KIDNEY, BLADDER OR LIVER COMPLAINT. 3.
«§* i?: "*' tifniir* ELECTRIC Treatment supplies and element in the cure
4* v^ 1 111 *^^^^. =^*' "^ * $Ci °^ these complaints wholly beyond the reach of medicines. ***
I »ipv^l 1 &$* DR ' SANDEN ' ELECTRIC BELTS. |
+* » w /^)y| $ * Were invented more than 30 years ago and have been constantly improved, keeping
■ ' ?Ml*!&*>* -'M^W V^vl^ pace with other great scientific developments in the Electrical world. Thousands of ~
• r^L^V^^P*' l^^ 1 ; ■^•©"^ - bona fide testimonials are on file at my office; each day brings new ones. Read this:
* sJi f^M HIS' NIGHTS WERE MISERABLE. •§►
r r -''- : 5" ' ' <k MT$ I \i 1015 Valencia street. City, August 8. 1599. A
** jEBp&&tS-$K . \ $ . \j&\ T I DR. T. A. SANDEN- Dear Sir: I have suffered for years with nervousness, sleep- #^»
• %Wsk sd?m'o2&s:t% /') * ' T\r/I 'l<? y less nightß and Intense pains in my head and back. My nights were miserable, and in the
Jut 'I '■ 'ffl&ffgp-'* '-Z-- ' : '. <9- ' ' 4 $ - fvj t-^ morning I felt worse than when I retired. I purchased one of your Belts, and by follow- •->&
V. L-^WyW- '■■ x ' r v - . U /■>»-> ing instructions soon felt relief. My sleep became peaceful, my nerves steadier and, £9
+?k f^'Hi^W-^^j&'Wi/^ : i ' *• 'y above all, the pains left my head and back. In three months I was completely cured. I
I* *"*^M^^jo&2r '&s ; ', s^-7 , • $ am convinced that your Belt is a wonder, and will recommend it to my friends. Yours £9
«Si \ ~~~jp%i&?' § ; f* **• very truly, ;'" r : P. EGIDIO A-MBROSIAXJ. %5^
4i ; " >^***'^s^ % J. ■yr' I^ ' None can possibly form any idea of the wonderful currents produced by these body batteries
«£...- :^****~*-*~~~*. k~"^ ' without examining them. If you cannot call at my office and see and test the Belt write for my '
it^ ■tj^^^ FREE EOOK, which will be sent sealed free to any one. Address *£•
t.o m c k ho.,, a.,,0e, m .|.nP nr A SfINnRN 18 Third Street, I
<& Sunday. 11 a. m. to Ip. m. | .. JL-f JPC • 1 • rt. C^ -TTL 1 JL-T A— 1 f SAN FRANCISCO. CAL. Jf
Weltmerism, That Method of Magnetic Healing Which Cures All Dis-
eases Without the Aid of Medicine or the Surgeon's Knife.
Will Stand as an Imperishable Monument to Science Whan All Other
Curative Powers Have Passed Into Oblivion,
A MINISTER OF THE GOSPEL'S MARVELOUS WORK,
i
This Is a scientific age wherein the Goddess of ,
Reason, like a Falcon of Light, showers her !
bright rays of sunshine and happiness into j
places heretofore kept dark by ignorance, de- '
stroylng both superstition and fear. In this !
great progressive age no man has done more j
for the uplifting of humanity than has Prof. I
S. A. Weltmer, of Nevada, Mo., by his Intel- j
lectual Investigations and scientific researches. ;
This eminent scientist has perfected a method
of Masnetic Healing known as Weltmerlsm,
Which has proved beyond the shadow of a doubt
that disease and aftiictions of all kinds can be
cured without the aid of cither drags or the i
surgeon's knife. He has gone further with his
Investigations into the Science of Health than
has any other man known to humanity. It is
hard for us to comprehend that right in our
very midst there is a man who has originated
a method which at once makes itself master
over the domain of disease. This wonderful
man began life in poverty, with nothing but
hiF own intellect to mukr himself a place in
the world. When he had scarcely stepped upon
the threshold of manhood he had already en-
tered the ministry. After preaching the gospel
for a number of years, throuKh hl B scientific
researches he found himself in the most en-
viable position over h«ld by a scientist— that of
being humanity's greatest benefactor. The
method known as the Absent Treatment, which
cures the patient at a distance Just as readily
hs though the patient had traveled to Nevada,
Mo., for treatment, makes it possible for Welt-
nierism to cure all classes of people, in this
way making it the greatest boon that man has
noon. "Pilas Marner; or, Tlie Transform-
Ing Power of Love" is the title of Mr.
Garver'a subject. Youncr men in general
are cordially invited to attend.
ODD FELLOWS' JUBILEE.
Arranging the Details of the Festivi
ties Next October.
During the past week the several com
mittees of the Odd Fellows" jubilee cele
bration of the fiftieth anniversary of the
Institution of Odd Fellowship in Califor
nia, have been busy arranging the many
details that will make up the three day?"
festivities.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ever given to humanity.
By permission of the American School of
Magnetic Healing, we publish a few testi-
monials from grateful people who have been
cured by this great curative power.
Hon. Press In-r.s, Mayor of Nevada, was
afflicted with kidney and bladder troul •
ten years and could find no relief in the usual
remedies. In one week he was completely re-
stored by Prof. Weltmer.
Mr. Juhn S. Small, Colfax. 111., was deaf
in his left ear for seven years; could not hear
a watch tick when placed against his ear.
Was permanently cured in three days by Prof.
Weltmer. Mr. L, W. Rains, a wealthy lumber-
man of Horr.heck. Term., suffered constantly
with kidney trouble . f "r twenty years; a!s...
with constipation and prostatic troubles. Kx-
hausted the Lest medical skill, but no relief.
He fortunately heard of Prof. Weltmer and was
soon restored to perfect health, and now Baj a
this treatment will cure anybody- Mrs. M. F.
HnwkSns, Loulsburg-, Kbf., was afflirtM
twenty years with prolapsus and enlargement
of the womb, indigestion and perpetual head-
ache, tried everything that offered relief and
gave up in despair. Heard of Pro:'. Weltmer,
took his treatment one week and was perma-
nently restored to health.
Mrs. Minnie Porter, Texarkana, Tex., was
afflicted for eighteen months with kidney and
other diseases, and for 12 months unable to
get out of her bed. Was expected to die at any
time. Permanently cured by Prof. Weltmer's
Absent Method and has gained sixty-five
pounds.
A number of lodges, which have had
under consideration taking part in the
grand parade, have signified their inten
tion of joining with those who have al
ready signified that they will turn out.
and the pArade committee is very much
encouraged.
The committee on halls has arrange.! its
plans for the establishment of general
headquarters in the Pavilion for a week.
and has decided upon the loeatiun of
booths in the Pavilion for the various
branches of the order, and at that place
there will be a register for the preserva
tion of the nnmes of tho many Od'i Fal
lows who are expected here from all parts
of the State during celebration week. It
Is expected that at least 10,000 members of
Mrs. Lavl.°sa Dudley. Barry. 111., suffered for
thirty years with neuralgia and stomach trou-
bles." Nothing but morphine would relieve her.
Permanently cured in a few weeks by t«s
Absent Method of Treatment.
Mrs, M. M. Walker. Poca, W. Va., suffered
with eczema, indigestion and female troubles.
its of doctors failed to Rive any relief. She
was permanently restored by Prof. Weltmer's
Absent Method in two months.
Mrs. Jennie L. Linch. Lakeview, Mo., was
f :• two years afflicted with ulceration of the
womb, heart ami stomach troubles and general
•;. ; was reduced te a mere skeleton. After
taking gallons of obnoxious medicines without
she tried the 'vVeltmer Absent Treatment.
In :?ss than thirty days she was entirely re-
lieved and gained fifteen pounds.
Thousands ot people in every section of the
United Ptates and even in foreign countries
1 who werf invalid? and sufferers from various
sea are now well and hasp; through the
power of Prof. Weltmer'a Absent Treatment.
All oar be assured that no matter what their
ailments or at what distance they live they
can cet relief from the Weltm*r Method. Any
one writing to Pr t. S. A. Weltmer, Nevada,
Mo., will receive i c illustrated maga-
zine and a list of testimonials from men and
women -who owe their health anfl happiness to
v, ■ tmerism; also, much information on tills
science of healing.
THE WELTMER METHOD TAUGHT TO OTHER!.
PROF. 5. H. KELLY, on Them t.> assist
him ;:. I .vork. The method ; ■•
n use by this school is so complete In all
the student becomes efficient
in this great art to cure in ten days. This
professi) i is taught either by mail or
personal Instructions. Any one who desires can
■. and any one who learns can practice
it. This Is ... paylnc pro-
of the a •• . as students who have learned
this method through the American School of
: are earning, from ?10 to $50
per day.
By addressing ,T. H. Kelly, Secretary, Ne-
vada, Mo., you will receive full instructions
the order will come to the city to enjoy
the festivities.
The decoration committee has secured
a number of emblematic banners in addi
tion to American flags with which to
decorate buildings and streets.
During the week the grand encamp
ment will hold its annual session in Odd
Fellows' Hall and during one of the even-
Ings there will be an exemplification of
the works of that branch of the order.
« ♦ »
A San Francisco millionaire has the
credit of paying the largest surgeon's fee
on record for a successful operation for
appendicitis. Thirty thousand dollars was
the tidy sum. representing one man's
gratitude to his physician.
78
INSANE TEAMSTER KILLS
AN INNOCENT CO-LABORER
George Elliot a Victim of Robert
Hunt's Bullets.
Saloon-Keeper Knippenberg Possibly hatally
Injured in the Affair, but Did Not
Know He Had Been Shot Until
an Hour Afterward.
GEORGE ELLIOT, a teamster, was
and killed and E. R. Knippen
:. a saloon-keeper at Steuart
Blreets, possibly fatally
snot by Robert L. Hunt yesterday af-
The tragedy was caused by
a revolver In the hands of an insane
man, who imagined he had a grievance
THE MURDEROUS TEAMSTER AND HIS INNOCENT VICTIMS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CURED
, . OF . .
DEAFNESS ANDCATABRH
OF THE NOSE, THROAT
AND STOMACH, WITH
VIOLENT HEAD NOISES.
&m*% -it
fill 1 It™
■j& 'if* Jim
MRS. RASTEDT. 426 FRANCISCO ST..
city, says: "Six or eight years ago I
contracted catarrh of the head, which
caused ulcers to form in my nose aii'. se-
verely affected my throat, also Impairing
my heart There was a continual roar-
ing and hissing noise In my ears like es-
caping steam or falling water, and I began
to fear that my hearing would leave me
entirely. Til condition went on until it
Involved my stomach. I could eat almost
nothing, and what 1 did eat caused me to
■well and bloat so that I was in misery
all the time. I became so weak that I'
could scarcely walk. I was utterly dis-
gusted with doctoring, as 1 had tried ho
many physicians without any benefit. An
acquaintance who had been troubled with
a condition similar to mine, and who hod
been cured at the Fleckenstein Institute,
advised me to begin their treatment, and i
resolved to do so, with but little hope of
receUing any benefit. Now. however, after
a short cour«e of treatment at their Insti-
tute. I am pleased to say that I consider
myself permanently cured. My hearing
has been fully restored and my stomach
gives me no trouble whatever.
(ft (* f\f\ a month Is the total expense
JK »"\ I II 9of treatment for any chronic
\J\J ailment or malady, and in-
cludes a!! medicines and ap-
pliance and our constant care and atten-
tion until cured.
PATIENTS LIVING AT. A DISTANCE
can be successfully treated by the aid of
I, r Fleckenstein's symptom blanks and
• patients' record sheets, Bent free on ap-
plication.
CONSULTATION FREE.
It will cost you nothing to write or call
on us and have a diagnosis made of your
case an honest opinion what can be done
for it. and, if curable, how long it will
take.
THE FLECKEIsTEIN
MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
EMPORIUM BUILDING, <
825 and 855 Market Street.
Rooms 615-516, Fifth Floor. .
Office Hours— From 9a. m. to 12 m. : from
1 tot p. m.; evenings, Tuesdays and Fri-
days; Sundays from 10 a. m. to 12 m.
against Elliot and his brother. The
shooting happened in the Young Amer
ica saloon kept by Knippenberg and
came without any provocation or warn- '
ing. The most remarkable incident at- '
tending it was the fact that the pro
prietor of the house did not know that
he had been shot until nearly an
hour after the bullets ceased to fly and
: whet) he had been taken to his home.
About 5:30 o'clock yesterday after
noon George Elliot, his brother, Fred X.
Elliot, and William Hodgera were
; standing at the bar in Knippenberg's
saloon. Knippenberg and a bartender,
! Herman Deitrich, were serving them
' drinks. Both of the Elliot boys were
employed as teamsters for the Simp
son Lumber Company and Hodgers is
: the secretary of the Thompson Bridge
Company. The trio chatted with the
! proprietor for some time and were
about to leave when Robert L. Hunt,
I an acquaintance, also employed by the
; Simpson Lumber Company, made his
■ appearance at the door. He offered no
i salutation, but immediately pulled a
revolver from his pocket and com
menced shooting while the men's backs
■ were toward him.
Excitement prevailed immediately.
Two bullets came from Hunt's revolver
in quick succession. After the first had
been fired George Elliot was seen to
, stagger and fall. The murderer is sup
jiosr-d to have intended the second for
! Fred Elliot, but it failed to find its in
tended victim. Instead it possibly
fatally wounded E. K. Knippenberg, the
proprietor, who was behind the bar.
When Hunt had discharged two
; chambers of his revolver he backed up
to the door, and. pointing the gun in
the direction of the ceiling, fired again.
He then stepped into the street and
emptied his revolver into the air. When
the last shot had been fired the man
threw out the empty cartridges and
started across the street. Police Officer
Caster of the Harbor Police Station had
'■ been attracted by the shots and ob
served Hunt's movements. He con
cealed himself in a doorway and waited
i for the man with the gun to pass by.
When he approached him the officer
seized him and took away the pistol.
With his prisoner Officer Caster
started back for the scene of the trag-
I edy. He found .that Elliot was dead,
the bullet having entered his back,
passing entirely through , his body.
KnlDPenberg was sitting on a chair
unfastening one of his shoes.
'Are you also shot?" asked the of
ficer.
Knippenberg replied that he was
not, and his bartender also gave the
officer the same assurance. The pro
; prietor says that his leg became numb
Immediately after the shooting and
, that he fell to the floor. He believed
that he had struck his leg on something
and thought little of the matter at
lirst. Finally the pain and numbness
! increased and he called a hack and
: was taken to his home. Upon his ar
-1 rival there he discovered that a bullet
j had entered his body Just below the
' right nipple. Dr. Kearney was called
| and pronounced the wound so serious
; that he advised the saloon-keeper to
make his will.
How Knippenberg received his
i wound, without experiencing any pain
except in his leg. is a perplexing prob
: lem. Every person who was a specta
i tor to thf tragedy was surprised when
he learned that a second person had
been struck, and all agree in the asser
tion that the second bullet fired by
Hunt must have been- the one which
wounded Knippenberg. At a late hour
I last night the wounded man was sink
ing, and from reports given out by the
family it is doubtful whether he will
I recover. At a late hour he was uncort-
I sclous and the bullet had not been lo
cated.
Hunt, who did the shooting, -was
formerly employed by the lumber com
pany. After his arrest he was taken to
the City Prison and displayed every ev
idence of insanity. His father called at
i the Morgue and stated that the de
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALI, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 10. 1899.
merited man had been Injured on the
head by a falling roof about four years
ago, and that since that time he has
not been responsible for his actions.
He shows no contrition for his crime,
and says that if he had the chance he
■would murder a few more people. He
implicates the Elliot brothers in a lone
line of mythical family troubles, and
kept the prisoners around him awake
all night with his ravings. He made
the following statement for publication,
which shows just how eccentric the
fellow is:
"I went to the saloon," he said, "with
a fixed determination to shoot Elliot. I
waited there a short time, when he ap
peared, accompanied by his brother. I
quickly arose, and, drawing my re
volver, shot him in the back. As he
turned he cried 'Oh, Bobby!' I then
fired a second shot, and he fell mor
tally wounded. I waited till the police
officer arrived and was taken into cus
tody. I am glad I killed him, and I
now want to be hanged for my crime.
How pleased I would be to have my
friends sco me on the gallows with a
rope amund my neck. My soul is gone,
and without it I cannot live. About
two years ago I became acquainted
with Elii<>t while I was in tho employ
of Simpson, the well-known lumber
merchant. Ellim knew me well and up
to within a few days aso I had no hard
feelings against him. They thought me
crazy while in the employ of Simpson,
and I was forced to resign my position.
"I wont to Tacoma. and after work
ing there for some time, traveled to
Portland. I tried to join the Salvation
Army at the latter place, but for some
reason they refused to accept my an
llcation. Tired ;md worn out and know
ing that Elliot was my relentless
enemy, I returned to San Francisco two
days ago determined to wreak ven
geance upon him. I have been in the
habit of carrying a revolver, and with
my trusted weapon I started out last
night to kill Elliot. Knowing that he
was in the habit of visiting the saloon
where th^ Bhooting took place, I sat
down and waited his coming. Just as
he and his brother appeared, I waited
until his back was turned and then
fired. I am glad I killed him, but I
am sorry I did not shoot myself. How
ever, I hourly await the time when I
am to expiate my crime on. the gal
lows."
The police are convinced that Hunt
is mentally deranged. To-day he will
be taken before the Commissioners of
Insanity and be examined as to his
mental condition.
Elliot resided at 91" Hampshire street,
had been married for six years and
had three children. He was a man
highly respected by all who knew him
and enjoyed the utmost confidence of
his employers.
NEIGHBORS IN DEATH.
Two Old Residents of DeLong
Avenue Commit Suicide.
Two suicides, both old men, one of them
residing at 110 De Long avenue and the
other living at 111 De Long avenue, were
reported to the Morgue yesterday. It is
I not believed that the suicide of one had
| any connection with the suicide of the
t other, but the fact that the two men aro
favorably known In the locality where
they lived, besides being lifelong friends.
makes a story a little out of the ordinary.
Poverty and despondency were the causes
cf both acts.
At 6 o'clock yesterday morning A. King,
i aged 4S years and residing at 111 De Long
! avenue, left home and went to Golden
I Gate Park. He has been despondent for
some time owing to the fact that he bus
I been out of work, and has complained
much of the circumstances which have
been against him. At 1:45 p. m. he blew
out his brains near the Lincoln monu
ment with a 3S-caliber revolver and died
instantly. Captain Thompson of th^ park
police notified the Coroner and deputies
immediately took charge of the case.
King was married, and just before he
; took his life he scrawled this note:
I am going insane. My head.
Deceased was a member of Friendship
Lodge Nc. 17!», A. O. U. W.
Harry Foley, aged 45 years and residing
. at the first of the two addresses «iven
I above, was found dying of asphyxiation
■ in a bathroom connected with nis honifl
at 5:30 yesterday afternoon. He had
turned the stopper on a gas jet used un
der a cooking stove, and closing all of the
doors and windows prepared for dcaih.
When tbe neighbors entered the house
lie was breathing his last, and the effort*
of Dr. Spencer, who was called, were in
vain. Deceased was employed with the
Schmidt Lithographing Company for many
years, but recently had been out of \vnrk
and had grown despondent. He left a
wife and son. the latter being about 2J
years of ago. He was also a native son
of California.
Death of P. Ross Martin.
The death was announced at the City and
County Hospital yesterday afternoon of
P. Ross Martin, a prominent figure In
socialistic movements in this city in past
years. The Immediate cause of death
was heart trouble. Deceased was a na
tive of Prince Edward Island, 37 years of
a;,'- and had no family or relatives in
this State.
■ ♦ ■
Send the SUNDAY CALL to
your friends abroad — wrapped
ready for mailing, 5c per copy.
SHE LOVED HER
FIRST HUSBAND
BEST OF ALL
Mrs. Smith, Despond
ent, Kills Herself.
Because Mrs. Pauline M. Smith found
marriage to be a failure in her case, and
because she loved her first husband, she
sent a pistol bullet through her brain
early yesterday morning while her second
husband lay sleeping by her side. Her
second husband is T. N. Smith, who, it is
said, has amass) 1 considerable money in
the liquor business.
From the story told by Mr. Smith it
would appear that the dead woman had
fretted over her separation from her di
vorced hubband until she became disgust
ed with life.
Smith married the deceased in Portland,
Or., about eleven months ago, after she
had been divorced from William Hull.
After ncr marriage to Smith she continued
to visit Hull at his ofll<.e, and Smith pro
tested. She explained that Hull was mak
ing collections lor her and attending to
her business affairs, and -Smith replied
That he was competent to manage her af
i lairs and did not like the idea of her go
! ing to see her ex-husband even on busi-
I ness. Mrs. Smith thereupon requested
him to take her away from Portland, as
she thought that If she kept away from
that city the would be able to forget Hull.
In pursuance of her request the couple
paid a visit to this city about three
months ago and made a call upon Mrs.
W. M. Kretz, a niece of Mrs. Smith, liv
ing on Fair Oaks street. Mrs. Smith be
came so favorably impressed with this
city that she prevailed upon her husband
to buy her a little home. He bought a
small place, but she became tired or it,
and he sold it and purchased the furni
ture, of a flat at 9111% Mission street.
Through all these changes the unfor
tunate woman pined for her home in
Portland. It had become endeared to her
because of its associations and the pleas
ant memories connected with the man
trom whom she had been divorced. Her
husband saw that she was not contented
here, and when she expressed a desire to
return to Portland he readily agreed. He
sold the furniture to Simon Schlweck, a
dealer, and on Friday Smith drew all their
money out of the bank, yesterday being a
holiday, so that they might leave for Port
land on the next day.
On Friday night they went to the Olym
pia beer hall and had about four glasses
of beer, returning home and retiring at
half an hour after midnight. Mrs. Smith
was somewhat depressed in spirits, but
did not -say nor do anything to lead him
to suspect that she contemplated self
destruction. . Before retiring she placed
a loaded revolver on a small i;ible at the
head of the bed as a protection against
burglars, all the money and jewelry of
the couple being in the house. Smith said
that he did not carry a revolver and that
the weapon belonged to his wife.
"She was a very daring woman," he
added, when he told his story to Coroner
Hill.
At about a quarter before 6 clock in
the morning Hie husband was awakened
, by a noise that sounded like a pistol shot,
but his slumber was so profound that he
i did not realize what had happened. As
I soon as he awoke he placed his right arm
I FOR MEN WHO HAVE ANY DISEASE OR WEAKNESS.
9
H You may imagine that you are
Q tired, of life, but in all probability
S3 you're only tired of Incompetent
3 doctors, cure-all patent medicines,
'; "free trial treatments" and similar
gj swindles. Or you may be like thou-
-0 sands of others, disgusted with that
jH played-out fad known as electric
gj belts, electric appliances, etc.
gj If you have a weakness' or a dis-
Ei ease which has not been cured by
jj£ any of the above methods, or which
g| you have not yet tried to get rid of,
0 why not go to the well-known,
52 skilled and reliable specialists, DR.
U MEYERS & CO.? These are the
ID physicians who have made so many
ESI wonderful cures during the past
g eighteen years in all parts of the
II United States. DR. MEYERS &
B CO. use remedies, appliances and
3 methods which cure disease and re-
B
gg store weakness when all else fail.
B DR. MEYERS & CO. never resort
IS to poisonous drugs or dangerous
™ stimulants. They remove the trouble
sg and rebuild the shattered constitu-
q tion, restoring the patient to per-
■ manent, robust health:
B DR. MEYERS & CO. cure more
jjj men in one month than all the other
|, combined, so-called doctors, spec-
£ ialists, patent medicines, electric
B belts, etc., cure in a year. DR.
B MEYERS & CO. have the largest
B and best equipped medical Institu-
B tion and the most extensive prac-
B tice in America. Prices reason-
IS able. CONSULTATION FREE.
■
I ELEVATOR ENTRANCE— Hours, 8 to 5 daily : 7 to 8 evenings ; 9 to 11 Sundays.
e lilllSlllBlllBR»BB»HIIIll»'illllEElDHilinn!HD l B BI iii.r M .. n
BRAND NEW SOCIETY
OF AMERICAN WARS
THE Commandery of the State of Cal
ifornia, Society of American Wars
of the United States, was informally
Instituted yesterday. The meeting
of the members was held in the parlors
of the Palace Hotel, among those present
being David Starr Jordan, W. A. Ander
son, H. G. Stevenson, Arthur Crosby, Cap
tain Henry Glass, Commander Charles W.
Rae, Professor Elmer E. Brown, Professor
Charles K. Babcock, Dr. Philip K. Broa-n
and Arthur J. Edwards. The total mem
bership in Caiifornia is about sixty.
The meeting was called to order by
President David Starr Jordan, vice com
mander general of the national society,
who spoke briefly of the aims of the so
ciety and explained that the present meet
ing was preliminary to the formal organ
ization of the commandery, which will
take place about the middle of Oc f nber.
Dr. Jordan explained that the society was
historical an genealogical in its purposes,
that the men who have held positions of
trust during the formation of- the colonies
and of the United States, and who have
taken part in the wars that have been
waged by the United States, were a
picked class of men, and that to their de
scendants this distinction has descended
and their memory should be preserved.
He then spoke further, explaining that
the Society of American Wars was insti
tuted by Edward Junius Edwards Janu
ary 11, 1897, for perpetuating among their
descendants the memory of the men who
were Instrumental in establishing the colo
nies of North America and were founders
of this nation; of the men who achieved
American independence, and of the men
who in military and naval positions of
trust assisted in the preservation of tha
republic in the 15*12, Mexican and Civil
wars; collecting for preservation docu
ments relating to those periods; providing
suitable commemorations of the prominent
events connected with those periods, and
Inspiring in Its companions the fraternal
and patriotic spirit of their forefathers.
After this Introduction the society pro
ceeded to the election of officers. Captain
Henry Glass, U. S. N., was elected com
mander and Arthur Jordan Edwards of
Stanford University was made recorder.
Captain Glass then took the chair, and
the details of the preliminary organization
were completed. It was decided to hold
the formal Institution of the commandery
and the banquet on the evening of Tues
day, October 17, in commemoration of
the surrender of Burcoyne. at Saratoga
during the War of the Revolution. After
a discussion of the details of the banquet
the meeting adjourned.
The Society of American Wars Is a pa
triotic society, formed along the same
general lines as the Society of the Cin
cinnati, the Society of Colonial Wars
and Sons of the Revolution, where the
around her, she being on the outside of
the bed, and his hand touched the re
volver. It was clutched in her right
hand. He found that she had shot her
self through the right temple.
The other inmates were alarmed and
Dr. Margaret Mahoney was summoned,
but medical aid was of no avail, for the
woman had killed herself instantly.
Mrs. Schmidt, who occupies the lower
flat, and Mrs. Kretz. the niece of the dead
woman, informed Coroner Hill yesterday
that Mrs. Smith had frequently declared
that she intended to shoot herself.
An inquest will be held at 9 o'clock to
morrow morning.
Mrs. Smith was born In Germany thirty
nine years ago.
VICTIM OF MORPHINE.
Henry Behrens Gives Up the
Fight to Control an Evil
Habit.
Henry Behrens, residing at 305 Minna
Street, committed suicide by taking an
overdose of morphine yesterday. He has
been a confirmed morphine user for the
past year, and the fact that he has not
been able to rid himself of the habit drove
him to suicide. He left several letters, of
which the following Is the most interest-
Ing:
Anna: No doubt this win surprlce you. Grant
me two wishes— you and Mary. First, do not
weep, do not sorrow for me one second — Mary
the same. Ever since I saw that the end was
my only hope, and If you could see how easy it
Is, you would say, "No wonder he wanted to
go." Second, forgive me. I have struggled
with might and main as lons as there was one
spark of hopp. I swear this. I have no fear
whatever may be hereafter, for I can say I
have done my very best. And to any man who
is on this same road I would gay do not try
to turn back. You will only suffer the most
ungodly torture for nothing. I wish you all
the good I can possibly think of. Good-by to
you all. I have spent my last dollar. I pray
you do not spend one cent on me. Let the city
take care of me. I pray you don't let it bother
you. Do not give my case a second thought.
HENRY.
The suicide was a laborer, aged 40 years
and single. He died at about 6 o'clock
yesterday evening. His body was taken
to the Morgue, where an Inquest will be
held. -
Advanceß made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J.Noonan. 1017-lU*3 Mission.
HEINTZ'S FOOLISH BLUFF.
Threatens to Exclude Reporters From
the Hospital.
Police Surgeon Heintz, who boasts that
he secured the appointment as head of
DR. MEYERS & CO. CURE Lost Vigor, Premature Decay, Unnatural Losses,
Wasting Drains, Nervous Debility, Stricture, Rupture, Tumors. Varicocele. Private
Diseases, Cancer. S/eeplessness. Rheumatism, Kidney and Bladder Diseases. Spine
Diseases, Liver Diseases. Heart Diseases, Blood Diseases, Skin Diseases, Stomach
Diseases, Eye and Ear Diseases, Lung Diseases, Rectal Diseases.
NO PAY TILL PATIENTS ARE CURED-
As a guarantee DR. MEYERS & CO. will let the patient deposit the price
of a cure in any bank in San Francisco, to be paid to DR. MEYERS & CO
after h<? is entirely well. If it is not convenient to do this payments may oe
made in weekly or monthly installments.
HOME CURES— FREE BOOK.
Although it is preferable to see the patients in many instances, it is not
always necessary. If you cannot call write for private book, diaenosis
A^r. ;t/r r o cc . ad fi V H Ce V- r) , rice^ and other Particulars. Correspondence solicited
All letters confidential. No printing on envelopes or packages to indicate
iiiinitj ox sender.
CURES SENT BY EITHER MAIL OR EXPRESS.
are United States officers of the Civil or ,
Snlni "h war and lineal descendants of
s??eric h an\fflcers of the Colonial or Rev- |
JK.I JS^S I'paSrsh^rs 0 ' The
BOCletyte a national one, with companions ;
in all States of the Union. The member-;
sWd Is limited to 100 in each State and
manderies are now being formea in tne
District of Columbia. New York, Massa
chusetts Pennsylvania. Illinois. Virginia
New Jersey, Maryland. Connecticut and ,
Tennesste. officers of the command- !
erv-in-?hief for 1599-1900 are: Commander .
general. Edward Junius . Edwards; vice
Sander generals-Major General Jo
seph Cabell Breckinridge, U. S. V. ; Ad
miral George Dewey, U. S.\.; Lieutenant
General John McAllister Schofleld I . S.
A.; Major General Francis Vinton Greene.
U. S. V.; Brigadier General Andrew Hick
enloope'r U. S. A.; Dr. David Starr Jor
dan. ?V.liard Clark Vanderlip. Recorder :
general. Dr. Kendric Charles Babcock.
Members of the commandery of M the .
State of California Society of American
Wars of the United States are:
William Henry Anderson. Professor Kendric
Char "3 Babcock, George Melville Bowman.
William Augustus Brewer. Professor Elmer
Ellsworth Brown, Hugh Henry Brown, Ljmao
Van Winkle Brown. Dr. Philip Kins Brown.
Professor Frederic Llstor Burk. Professor Ed
ward Bull Clapp. Daniel Cleveland. Arthur
Crosby Professor William Russell Dudley.
Captain Alexander Brydie Dyer. U. S. A.:
Arthur Jordan Edwards. Charles. Parmeje,.
Eells. Dr. John Franklin Fargo. William Fran
cis Fltzeerald; Rri£Hdier General John Giles.
Fonda, U. S. V. ; Captain Henry Gla<=s. U.
S. N'" President Frank Plerrepont Graves;
Colonel Charles Ravenscroft Greenleaf. L. 8. I
A.: Judge Ralph Chandler Harrison: Captain
Calvin L. Hooper. U. S. R. C. S. : Burt Estea
Howard: Lieutenant Colonel James Jackson,
U. S. A.; RlKht Rev. Joseph Horsfall John
son President David Starr Jordan. William
Henry Jordan. James Edward Keeler. ex-Presi
dent "Martin Kellogg. President Joseph Thomas
Klngsbury Charles Griffith Lathrop. Professor
Joseph LeConte. Samuel Franklin Lelb, Charles
Fletcher Lummls, Carroll Mercer; William
Lawrence Merry, United States Minister; Lieu
tenant Colonel Johnson Van I). Middleton. 1
U. S. A.: Professor Walter Miller; Right Rev.
William Hall Moreland; Commander Jefferson
F Moser U. S. N. ; Captain Robert H. Noble.
U. S. A.: Senator George Clement Perkins
Mayor James Duval Phelan. Dr. John Harold
Philip; Commander Charles Whlteslde Rae. L. .
B N • Walter Mallnus Rose. Fernando San- ■
ford Irving Murray Scott, Professor Howard ,
Griffith Stevenson. Professor John Maxson
Ptlllman: Lieutenant Commander George Moss
Stoney, U. 8. N.: Vanderlynn Stow; Frank ,
Jameson Symmes, John Joseph Valentine; Rear
Admiral John C. Watson, U. S. N. ; President |
Benjamin Ide Wheeler. Mountford Samuel
Wilson, Russell Jones Wilson.
the Receiving: Hospital through Dan
Burns, is opposed to reporters and news
paper artists visiting that notorious insti
tution. Last night he caused a bulletin
to be placed near the entrance announcing;
that In the future nobody but the hospital
staff would be admitted to the operating
room.
Like Dan Burns, the man to whom he
owes his position, Heintz, who was for
merly a rancher in Monterey County,
winces under newspaper criticism. He ■
fears the bunplinc work which is being
done in the hospital under his administra
tion will come to the notice of the report
ers, and for this reason he Is anxious to
exclude them.
PET TABBY FEEDS
ON STUFFED BIRDS
ALMA E. KEITH'S CAT DOES
GREAT DAMAGE.
It Gains Access to a Show "Window
and Destroys Several Hundred Dol
lars' Worth of Headgear.
A Maltese cat last nifrht wrought de
struction among the hats in Alma Keith's
millinery establishment at SOS Market
street. The cat is a pet of Mrs. Keith's,
and was never before known to be partial
to stuffed birds. At 10 o'clock last night
Mrs. Ki -it h closed her establishment and
prepared to go home. Shortly after she
departed several citizens who were pass
ing the store discovered the milliner's cat
in a show window, destroying the birds
thru ornamented a number of expensive
hats. They vainly endeavored to chase
the feline away from the window, but it
continued its work of destruction. At
midnight the cat had succeeded in ruin
ing at least a dozen hats. Policeman Tom
Murphy, after rapping on the show win
dow with his club and failing to drive the
cat away, drew his revolver, intending to
shoot the mischievous pet. Just as he
raised his revolver to shoot he thought of
the damage that would result from the
bullet, and he concluded, after replacing
his pistol in his pocket, to summon Mrs.
Keith.
Another officer was hastily dispatched
to her house, and notified her of the de
struction wrought by her cat. She quickly
repaired to the store, and was amazed on
looking into the show window to find a
number of expensive hats destroyed.
Stuffed birds, some with their heads gone
and others with their feathers missing,
wore found scattered about the show win
dow. The vicious cat was found in a
corner of the show window, feasting on a
cockatoo. Mrs. Keith estimates her loss
through the viciousness of the cat at sev
eral hundred dollars.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
hllilo UP!
$5 Per Share
•Si 3 S 5*
THE TALK OF THE TOWN
i 1
1 FROM $3 TO $5 SINCE 1
I AUGUST I. I
! j A record heretofore unprecedented |j
in the annals of industrial stocks. \
We are sure to reach par value, I
$10 per share, by January, and I
when we strike oil, which may be !i
I almost any day after October 1, !
' this stock will jump into the hun- i
i ( dreds. \
] ONLY A DAY OR TWO MORE, §
j All applications received now I
! 1 will be filled at $4. 50 per share. I
i Price goes to $5.00 when the pres- I
d ent 1000 shares are taken up.
I I
A Prospectus free, giving \
I "inside INFORMATION." H
. I
Union Consolidated Oil and Trans- I
portation Co., \
322-323 Parrott Bldg., San Francisco. \
Oakland Offic?, 460 Tent.i st. \
Op n from Bsim,toB p. m. d.nily. g
FyrnitoreiGarpets!
JUST ARRIVED-
A Complete Assortment of Latest Designs In
Carpets, Furniture, Stoves, Etc,
Estimates Given on Complete House Furnishing.
Liberal credit extended to responsible parties.
Inspection of stock cordially invited. Free
• delivery Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley.
T. BRILLIANT,
SUCCESSOR :
ARONSON FURNITURE COMPANY,
338=340 POST ST.,
BETWEEN STOCKTON AND POWELL,
Opposite Union Square.
Telephone Main 1350.
4*^. Dr. R. L. Walsh,
/2&&£,<sZ^iii S^ 815% GEARY ST.. bet.
iN^eotu^es&tißS^ Hyde and Lark in.
ls|? "^^^ggg^L-I^y Pan. it- ss JSxtractton., i
(]>;. „ „ .."fiTT Croirns RJ4.OU
f : Ti I 1 T. ' LiiV Flesh-colored Plates..
- 1 ' »i-Ja* — j*.->.O(»
Continuous Gum Plates (no bad Joints) oar
tpeclalty. Hay« received TEN tlrst prizes for
this braocfc of dentistry. No students. it
years' expertsnos.
rlLxlulAiUH.
TUESDAY.
TUESDAY. ..SEPTEMBER 12, 1599
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON.
At Oar Salesroom, 638 Market Street.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
North side of Pine st. (So. 1S10). 220 feet west
of Gough; 30x137:6; elegant residence of 11
rooms; choice location: convenient to cars.
CLAY-STREET INVESTMENT.
South side (Nos. 1115-ni5U) Clay st. near
Mason: 40x46 feet; pays 16 per cent per annum"
4 tenements; always rented.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT. '
North side Minna st. (No. 24), 200 feet we»t
of First; 25xS0 feet; 3 flats, 4. 4, 3 rooms and
rear house of 6 rooms: rents $14; in the center
of the manufacturing district.
FRANKLIN-STREET FLATS.
West side Franklin st. (Nos. 313-313^). 65
feet south of Grove; 3 flats. 5, 5, 5 rooms and
bath; rents $G9; a few blocks from Market st.
and the City Hall.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
East side of Ashbury st. (No. 1056) near
Seventeenth: 50x95 feet; nice house of 7 'rooms
and bath; marine and Inland view.
MISSION COTTAGE.
v West side of . No ? st - (No. 310 >- somh of Mar-
Jcet; 2oxloa feet; nice cottage of' 5 rooms, bath.
basement and stable; half block off Market st.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS RESIDENCE
South side of Clay st. (No. 3309) 118:9 west
of Central aye. ; 30x127 feet: modern rcsldencs
of 9 rooms and bath; select neighborhood.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDE
South side of. Geary st. (No. 1513), 103 feet
west of Lacuna: 34:4x137:6: 3-story residence
of 14 rooms. 2 baths and stable; Geary-st. cars.
FILBERT-STREET INVESTMENT.
North side of Filbert st. (No. 201S), IS9 feet
west of Buchanan; 27:6x120; 2 cottages, 5. i
rooms; rents $20; double frontage.
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Southeast corner of Mariposa and Florida
sts.; 20x7."> feet; store and 3 rooms and flat of 5
rooms and bath; good corner tor grocery or
saloon.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market Street. Auctioneers.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
■(EARN? AND WASHINGTON Slo.— RE-
** modeled and renovated. KING. WARD &
CO European plan. Rooms, 60c to $150 day:
$5 to $8 week; $S to $30 month. f Free bath«; «««
and cold water every room; nre grates in •very
room; elevator runs all night.GAMBLERS' RAID UPON
COLMA IS CHECKED
Timely Expose Has Forced the
Schemers to Hesitate.
Decent People of San Mateo County Demand Protection
From the Social Scnm of the Poolrooms and
Vice Nests of Thieves and Outcasts.
Died ad- ;
vantage and it is hoped a perma- |
nent victory In the struggle to pre- |
vent the raid of the gamblers and j
their crew of criminal parasites j
upon the little town of Colma. The ex- I
pc«e of The Call was timely. Reputable I
Itizens of San Mateo County came quick- 1
ly to the assistance of the people of Col
ma. An opposition, emphatic and aggres
sive, to the impudent scheme of the book- |
making blacklegs was formed, and last j
night the- gamblers found it expedient not {
to call their announced meeting and pe
tition the Supervisors"of San Mateo to au
thorize a special election on the subject
of incorporation. The publicity given to
their outrageous plan has driven the
schemers temporarily to their holes. That
they will try aeain there is no question.
but for the present they want no special
session of the Supervisors and they have
no petition to present.
They intend to wait until the indigna
tlon and excitement of the people of the
■whole county as well as of Colma has
subsided and then they will try again.
But they will be carefully watched. The
people of San Mateo County do not wish
to stain their official records with storiea i
of crime and dishonor, shame and death.
Theyiwaht no legalized nest of blacklegs
and thieves, depraved men and worse
women. They do not wish to place before
their sons the hazard of dishonor and
before their daughters the temptation
that ends in shame. The reputable ele
ments of the entire county ire behind
the decent citizens of Colma In their en
deavors to prevent the outrage.
The Supervisors are opposed to it and
will exercise their orScial power to pre
vent it. All classes of men, who have
anything of decency at stake, are in vio
lent antagonism to it. Merchants, pro
fessional men, lawyers, clergymen, arti
sans are as one in declaring that the in
corporation of Coima as a town under
the direction and within the control of
thieves, blacklegs and confidence men
would be a blow to the county and an in-
Jury that years of effort could not repair.
The attempt of the gamblers to Incor
porate Colma as a town is. in its impu
dence, without parallel in the history of
California. It means nothing more or
less thafl an effort of blacklegs to seize
a town of the State and to conduct It as
a gambling hell with all its attendant
evils. Against the earnest protest of the
people of the town, against the best in
terests of the county, in opposition to the
rlsrhrs of citizens, a horde of thieves,
gambler? roustabouts and social out
casts purpose to establish a community
cf evil under the protection of the law 3.
There is little wonder that the expose
of The Call fired the decent people with
indignation and made the gamblers hunt
a speedy, retirement. When Bob Thorn
ton'went to Colma. yesterday afternoon i
he received a reception different from
what he had anticipated. The school
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ooosoe©oe©9©©Gooo©oo9
A Grocer's |
Experience S
WITH 9
GRAPE- \
NUTS I
©
SEE BELOW ©
O
•••••••••••••••••••••
A Grocer's Interest Is to Fur-
nish Pure Food.
• tK?r-
tak»s in the a i of 1 »h he
: . !
Some people believe that the grocer '
Is influenced only by the profit he may i
derive, and that his recommendations j
are governed entirely by a mercenary
motive, but this is xuji always true. On
th<? contrary. It is believed that a ma- j
Jority of the tter class of grocers are :
thoroughly honest in their desire to
furnish their patrons with really pure '
and nourishing food.
The following from John Wallsrren. a
prominent grocer of Portland. Oregon.
may be of Interest: "I am on my tenth
case of Grape-Nuts, and my trade is
still increasing. I have been bothered i
■with a weak stomach for flve years. I j
have tried a number of remedies and i
patent medicines without help. I am
eating- Grape-Nuts three times a day.
and after using three packages I must
admit that I am relieved of mv weak
stomach and feel like a new man."
There is a reason for this. A weak
stomach can take Grape-Nuts and di- \
g-est them without difficulty, for Grape-
Nuts are actually pre-dlgested and
ready 5 for immediate transformation
Into rich blood and good strong tissue,
both of muscle and brain. They are
generally admitted to be the most
scientifically made food in the world,
in which the starch of th- cereals Is
transformed Into gTape sugar and this
Is done without the use of any sort of
drug or acid whatsoever. On the con-
trary, all of the processes are purely
mechanical. using simply moisture,
time (in which to grow the diastase)
and heat, but the work of the human
system Is copied almost exactly, with
the result that the food is ready for
Immediate assimilation.
The flavor is exquisite and delicate,
the sweet of gTape sugar can be de- |
tected. The food is absolutely free
from cane or beet sugar, but the fine.
almost microscopic, particles of grape
sugar can be seen glistening on the
surface of the small granules. Grape- ,
Nuts with cream furnishes the most .
delicious breakfast food in existence,
and this food Is in use now by practi-
cally all of the well-to-do families In ;
America. The demand has been so
great that the factory has been running
steadily both night and day for up- I
ward of a year, and the fame of the
American breakfast dish tas spread to
many of the other countries of the
world. '
house had been prepared for the meeting
and the resolutions of petition were
ready, but there was opposition In the
air. The substantial people of the town
and the farmers of the district had seen
that the promised benefits of incorpora
tion were fictitious, and that only a har
vest of evil was to be won by the com
ing: of the gamblers.
They were united, therefore, in oppo
sition, and intended to go to the pro
posed meeting to fight. Thornton, as
the emissary of Chris Buckley and his
allied gamblers, found it best to hes'tate.
The field was anything but promising.
The campaign of deceit had failed of its
purpose, and the people of Colma were
thoroughly informed. Thornton held a
consultation with Assemblyman Henry
Ward Brown, and they decided that it
would be wise to be cautious and post
pone the meeting. Brown has acted
as chairman of the meetings already
held and was perfectly willing to do so
again were it not for the publicity given
to the affair.
So the meeting was not held. A gang
of roustabouts, uninformed on the turn
affairs had taken, had assembled, but
they were sent back to the city. Thorn
ton announced that as the day was a le
gal holiday It would be unwise to draft
a petition. This absurd proposition was
taken for what it was worth, and Thorn
ton will now confer with his superiors as
to what shall be the next move. Mean
while the people of Ban Mateo shall main
tain their vigilance to prevent a raid that
would mean the most serious Injury to
their best interests.
A SMOOTH SCHEME.
Southern Portion of the County
to Be Kept in Ignorance.
MEXLO PARK. Sept. 9.— The publicity
given by The Call to the scheme of the
gamblers who re trying to get a town
which they can control by the trick of
incorporating 1 Colma is bearing good
fruit. It is not until the whole of San
Mateo County has been traveled over in
search of facts that the smoothness of
the gamblers' still hunt can be fully ap
preciated. Hundreds of voters can be
found in the county who had absolutely
no intimation of the threatened danger
until they read The Call. The conditions
were favorable to the gamblers. The
Beard of Supervisors meets at Redwood
City, far from the people most directly
concerned, and it would peneraUy be safe
to predict that no one from CoLma would
go to Redwood City to attend a board
meeting. If the people of the southern
portion of the cotintj* could have been
kept in ignorance of what was going on.
no one from that section would have been
on hand to protest when a. protest would
be effective. But there is no such general
ignorance now. The electric light has
been turned on, and there are now ener
getic and public-spirited men in every
town In the county who are willing and
anxious to do what they can to prevent
the consummation of the proposed infamy
at Colma.
From the foregoing it should not be In
ferred that the danger is over by any
means. Only the first of the necessary
steps have been taken, this being 1 the
giving of notification to -he public. That
this will lead to organized opposition to
the gamblers is probable. But the fact
remains that there la no organized oppo
sition yet— only an awakening-. Still much
appears to have been accomplished in a
short time. The Call's representative haa
found men of high standing 1 in their com
munities who will not shrink from prom
inent opposition to the gambling gang.
The several members of the Board of Su
pervisors may be sure that they will have
to face well-informed and angry constitu
encies if they dare to be recreant to the
public welfare in this matter.
Politicians, business men, clergymen
all are amazed that any one should have
the hardihood to propose to make San
Mateo County the dumping around of the
gamblers and their disreputable follow
ing. The Supervisors will not be able to
say that they did not comprehend what
th» proposed incorporation really means,
for sufficient information will come to
them from many sources to make that
plea futile If they should plead a lack of
knowledge.
In this town Rev. Mr. Parsons, the pas
tor of the Episcopal church, to-day prom
ised to see Supervisor McEvoy and talk
the matter over with him. Mr. Parsons
is very strongly opposed to gambling, and
said that he would exert his influence to
prevent an -.-.--■ at Colma. He did
not know whether a petition to the Su
pervisors would be the best . means to
adopt to prevent the turning of Colma
into a gambling town. R might be just
as well to have influence brought to bear
upon each Supervisor in his own district.
He does not believe that there is any re
putable citizen in Ifenio Park who will
favor having a gambling plant at Colma.
E. C. Weingartner. one of the active
business men of Menlo Park, spoke very
energetically about the Colma scheme:
"To make a dumping-ground of San
Mat<=o County for crooks and cutthroats
would be an outrage which I can hardly
believe the Supervisors will assist any one
to perpetrate. Our county board has
generally been a pretty square lot. If Mc-
Evoy should do anything of the sort I
will be very much surprised. The gam
blers would not be of any advantage to
the county. The Colma raxes would be
heavier than they are now. because a
town tax would be added to the State
and county taxes."
Few of the wealthier dwellers at Menlo
were at home to-day. Doubtless they
all will agree with the position of Tim
othy Hopkins, who said and concisely
that he was opposed to any scheme that
would turn Colma into a gamblers' town.
Supervisor McEvoy was In Santa Cruz
all day. M. F. Duft of the old time con
cern of Duff and Doyle, th« largest busi
ness house In the town, said that he cer
tain: was against the gamblers.
President David Starr Jordan of Stan
ford University was interviewed this
morning. He said:
"I do not know any of the facts con
cerning the reported movement that the
gamblers are making for the incorpora
tion of Colma as a town. If the purpose
is to pave the way for the opening of
gambling games at Colma and the en
couragement of gambling, you can say
that I am most emphatically opposed to
any action upon the part of the consti
tuted authorities that can aid anything
of the sort. The poolrooms- everywhere
are evil. San Francisco seems determined
to drive out the gambling element from
Its borders a3 much as possible, and the
legislation already adopted is apparently
attended with excellent results. San Ma
teo County is the seat of culture and en
lightened social life. In my opinion the
county as a whole cannot wish to encour
age ambling. All moral, educational and
social forces ought to be enlisted In op
position to the gambling evil. Stanford
University is not in San Mateo County,
but 'ome of its professors are citizens of
that county and take a lively interest in
its welfare. If the incorporation of Colma
is intended to promote gambling interests
an other interests should be against It."
Rev Mr. M a the Congregational
clergyman at Redwood City, said last
evening that he thought that a petition
to the Supervisors asking the board not
to give the gamblers the chance they
seek at Colma would be well. The fact Is
that no such petition has yet appeared in
the county. While there is a small army
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1599.
of well-disposed voters, no one has taken >
the initiative, at least no one in this er.d j -
of the county. If the gamblers file the
only paper on the subject to come before
the Supervisors the advantage will be all
with them.
James G. Mason, the agent of vV ells- ;
Fargo at Menlo. said to-day that he ,
strongly objected to having the gambler? j
carry their point at Colma. The county i
has had a good name. It would be dis- j
graceful If the evil should be Inflicted on ■
the Colma people, who would suffer in
many ways.
PROBABLE INTIMIDATION
Suspicious Lack of Interest at
San Mateo.
SAN MATEO. Sept. The nearer
Colma Is approached the stronger are the
evidences of the desperate fight that
Buckley and the poolsellers are putting
up to carry their point. Half a dozen
merchants here were interviewed this
afternoon concerning the Colma incorpor
ation scheme. Not one of them would
express a decided opinion. Not one would
say that he approved the turning of
Coima into a resort for outcasts and for
plundering the young and the unsophis
ticated; still not one of the number men
tioned would commit himself in any way.
Has intimidation at this end of the county
been used as a weapon, while secrecy was
relied upon to keep the other end of the
county conveniently quiet until the
gamblers could hold up the Supervisors
and get all they want?
But there are outspoken men here who
dare to say what they think, many of
them. There is this significant difference
in the attitude of the people far from and
near Colma. The voters of the southern
end of the county make .some of their
responses on the hypothetical basis. Here
every one knows what is intended, and
have no question that the "falling down"
of the Board of Supervisors, if they act
against public good when the time comes
for action, will inflict great and lasting
injury. The history of incorporated towns
shows that disincorporation is almost un
known. If the gamblers once get Colma
incorporated they will never release it
from their deadly grip. Therefore the
proposed injury will be permanent, and
the Supervisors must make up their
minds to that understanding fully.
Rev. Father Callahan of the Catholic
church was interviewed briefly. He left
no room to doubt where he stands. He
said that gambling is such an evil and
is so injurious to the morals of a com
munity that all good citizens must oppose
Rev. Mr. Cowie. pastor of the Episcopal
church, said that the control of Colma
by gamblers would open up new opportu
nities for the depraved and vicious. Any
measure should be adopted that will pre
vent that. He saw the possibility of col
onizing Colma with outsider', so that the
real will of the property owners and citi
zens of the locality could easily be set
a«id»> If a public meeting should be
called he would be willing to address it
if his other engagements will permit, and
would sign a petition addressed to the
Supervisors if it was necessary to petition
the board. The people of his church would,
he was sure, sign any necessary protest
or petition. -.i .. 
Judge R. L. Mattingly said: "Morally
speaking. I have no doubt that the in
crease of gambling is against the best in
terests of the people. If Colma is incor
porated solely to promote gambling it win
be a bad thing. So far as my say goes I
will oppose it." !_■■ , , ,
Rev. George Wallace, an Episcopal cler
gyman, spoke in the same general way as
Rev Mr. Cowie. He is willing to sign a
petition to the Supervisors.
The real fact now is that the gamblers
do not want the people to protest to the
Supervisors. They dread the moral force
of a protest signed by the voters of all
the districts represented by the Supervis
or* For that reason they are circulating
a story that they have nothing to do with
the Colma incorporation job. That story
is too thin for any one to credit who
knows any of the facts, but it may impose
on a few.
SUPERVISORS OPPOSE IT.
McCormick and Debeneciette
Will Not Helpthe Gamblers.
HALFMOON" BAT, Sept. 3.— The Call
representative interviewed the two coast
side Supervisors, Joseph Debenedette and
John McCormick. relative to the proposed
Monte Carlo gambling proposition at
Colma. and they both record themselves
as against calling a special election.
Supervisor John McCormick says: "I do
not favor gambling in any form whatso
ever, and shall use every effort to shut
out the proposed measure."
Joseph Debenedette in a signed state
ment says: -I have always opposed
gambling schemes as a matter of princi
ple and shall not deviate in this case
from my obvious duty. If the matter
comes before the Board of Supervisors of
San Mateo County I will oppose issuing a
call for a special election. The statement
that Bob Thornton and one Harrison
brought a sack to Redwood to corrupt
thf members of our board, and that a
conference was held with us relative to
a poolroom license, is a falsehood. I am
satisfied that in the light of recent events
our board will act as a unit in opposing
thi3 and al! other measures that tend to
foster gambling in San Mateo County.
Lopez Is in Sole Control.
R. E. de B. Lopez denies absolutely that
either Henry Schwartz or Chris Buckley
[g associated with him in the new c.urs
irg park n^ar C"lma. He also asserts
just as positively that his enterprise is a
rourslr.g park simply, and that It is not
connected in any way with the pool-sell
ers Mr Lopea exhibits a lease snowing
that he has control of the coursing park.
CRUEL MOTHER
ABANDONS HER
INFANT CHILD
Left in a Basement to
Starve.
A well-dressed young woman with r
hair and carrying in her hand a :
valise visited the basement of a house
at 5u7 Natoma street last evening. She
remained there only a few minutes and
disappeared as quietly as she came. A
Bhort time afterward a Mrs. Barry.
who lives in the house, was suddenly
startled by the cries of an infant, which.
aDceart-d to come from the basement of
theadjoining building. She hurried to
the place and was surprised to find a
two m- nths 1 old baby vainly struggling
to release itself from a shawl that cov
ered its tiny bod^'. .
Mrs Barry took the waif into her
house' and. after temporarily caring
the policeman on the
beat ' -U his suggestion the infant was
sent" to an institution at 406 Sutler :
St As et «oon as the matter was reported
to* the "police Captain Spillane detailed
two of his men to find the heartless
mother of the abandoned child. Th-»
interviewed a woman who lives on the
opposite side of the street, and from
her obtained a good description of the
woman. She described her as being
about °0 years of age, well dressed.
wearing a sealskin sacriue and having
diamonds in her ears. According to her
star? the woman, after reaching the
bouse where she discarded her off
«p-mg stopped suddenly and gazed up
and down the street, apparently to see
whether or not she was being followed.
After satisfying herself, presumably,
that she was safe from arrest and pos
sible exposure, she entered the haw
meat at the house. She emerged in a
few minutes with an open grip in h»r
hand, and again glancing up and down
th« street quickly disappeared.
Th" discarded child was well nourish
ed clad In expensive under garments :
and was comfortably tucked in a shawl ■
of costly material. The police intend to
day to use every effort to locate the
mother. _______
SUNDAY'S CALL can be pur-
> chased from all agents and
\ newsdealers at 5c per copy.
AJJVESTXKEDCEJKTS.
= a
I /^^%^msr>^~T^^ ' wmpMiiujßl ■ Hji A/«a;a;ys fey CASCAR£TS Candy Cathartic. They are |
E= ■ £^^^^^- c^j J§9^ fT ii guaranteed and positively unequaled. Accept no other, Im- jjS
1 S^^^ rt^^^ ::?^^ts* -^^L (4- itT^— ~ -A itations and substitutes are often offered by dealers 'who ' 'cut 2
1 CT ig^s^^=^^''^|f lP^ |^^ "f iS \ prr ' ces " ar%d hsnd °°' * che *p f^ <when CsscSLrtts zrt c * lUd =
£ %^*^ s^^^^> << <2=2 j p —^ Jj^ J| /or. Satisfaction is bought only 'with Cascarets. If you j=
= - *^ *^ J can' t get the only genuine Cascarets from your dealer, write |
EE 1 "^ ■ ° s'<t9e5 ' <t9e «cw'/7 ma// i>iiem postpaid on receipt of price in stamps* |
I JSr^ wf Wm CATHARTIC I
v— bßo9bßi^& M^^S^ft ff vJM. Fn Jjfc- J * fcjl fir fiSS^^R B^9 — ■
i ANNUAL SALES, 5,000,000 BOXES. *og*(^r i
x— - BBtjsfigyglgjH 6^ luffg^c. J fck^ 4 «5^5A £[ 9S ■ ■F^tß^ Ml l w*sn+m*^B?GSS^S^^tt^^^^ m
I TJ-fF TTArR r FT DRUGGIST §
I CASCASBTS are absolutely harmless, a jwrely vegetable compowi. Ko mercurial or other mineral pill-poison to Cascarets. . t^^^^^^^Ld^S^ =
tE care every disorder of tie Stomach, Liver and Intestines. They not only cure constipation, but correct any and every tona of irregularity of t&e o«t™«Tro CHICAGO or HSW TORX =
E Pleasant, palatable, potent. Taste good, do good. Never sicken, weaken or gripe. WHte for booklet and free sample. Address STBRLI3G RBMBDT CO.. CHICAGO or NZWTOR*. -
NAVAL VETERANS
WANT PROTECTION
AN ORGANIZATION TO REDRESS
WRONGS DONE THEM.
It Will See That They Receive All
That They Are Entitled to
Under the Law.
Last evening thpre was a meeting of a
- of the United
- navy and of the Civil War for the
purpose • usslng the feasibility and
asity for the organisation in this city
- ins 1 naval association such as
: of the cities of the East.
A number expressed their views on the
was the opinion of the
ten that there for such an
organization in order to correct wrongs
■ ■ were -~ ken of. All the speakers
manpr others who did not express
i, including veterans who served
rd, Newark, lowa. BfsLrble
.ind Boston and ot&en who served
in the navy during th» Civil War,
• i:ndation for such an
ization. The first step taken was
the election of temporary officers, and the
OF APPLYING ELECTRICITY. This cures-drugs fail. The habit of dosing is itself a disease. Sensible people are tired of physic, for it
irritates the organs and gives no strength. It is a scourge which has ruined the stom»ch of many a man. Electricity is in harmony with
ood ly magnetism, and as such is a natural remedy. Electricity as a cure does away with physic and gives to the weakened body the vitahty
antmll life The healing current stimulates the action of the blood vessels, the nerves and tissues. In this way it builds up strength, while its
aPpHcat on is as soothing as sun warmth. I have devoted years to perfecting this new method of Electric Treatment, which is now attracting the
attention of the world, and which is working such astounding cures. It is wonderful how this method circulates the bodily fluids, assists the
I andTof the organs/casts out impurities, stops pain and throws in a stream of life vigor. FEED YOU* NEBVES. Have you lost your energy
I ur endurance/ Has pain got a hold of you? Don't grow aged befc-e your time. Be strong and show that after all failure, you can come out
Lead vigorous. Get Electricity into your system and you will feel it tone up your organs, your nerves, your muscles. Imagine the comfort
and relief felt by those men who wrote these words.
A Former Mayor's Evidence. A San Francisco Cure.
SAN JOSE. Cal. s -^' FRANCISCO. Cal.
DR M \ McLAUGHLIN-Dear Sir: I want to add my testimony ' DR. M. A. McLAUGH LIN -Dear Sir: About three months ago I
to your collection of evidence, pointing out th^ value of your El^tric ! purcha sed one of your high- grade Belts, having suffered from p*in
Belt, which I have had for the past ten years. It cured me of rheu- Jn the back an(J genera i debility, as well as loss of appetite, for sev-
matism years ago, and I have since found it a gdod thing for any Jh^ p&ln {n my back waa m j^vere— especially if I sat
s^rt of sickness. If a man has any trouble *^ ut J"* upO n"a chair and suddenly arose-lt felt as If my back was breaking
Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt.
The appliance I use is in the form of a Belt to be worn about the waist, but it has no relation in any respect to the old-style Electric
Belts. It is a scientific appliance, giving a powerful current of Electricity, having a perfect regulator to control it. and chamois-covered elec-
trodes which prevent that" awful burning and blistering known in the old-style Belts. m4 i.» *v:« rn-th^
The wonderful effects are derived from a special method of application— that is my method, known only to myself, ft «by this method
that I have cured 10,000 men in the past five years.
ARE YOU SUFFERING? CALL OR SEND FOR MY BOOK.
Are you sick, weak or in pain from any cause? Come and let me explain it to you. I can save you years of misery and a lot of money In
doctor bills. If you cannot call write for my free book describing my system of cure. It is FBEE.
m/i a a/i w uirui IIVI 702 Market St,, cop. Kearny, San Fraacisco, aid
DR. iVL A. MGLAUuiILJrN, Mm Sprhlg aßd secood, us a^s.
Office houre-4 a. m. to S :3O p.m.; oandays .Uto L NEVER SOLD IN DRUGSTORES.
following were chosen: Martin Murray,
chairman, and Harry Thompson, secre
tary. The other officers will be chosen at
a future meeting-. Chairman Murray cm
taking- the chair stated that an organiza
tion as proposed is essential to the In
terests of the men in the United States j
navy, as there have been heard at vari- |
ous t'inres a number of complaints from
naval veterans, who by themselves as in
dividuals were unable to have certain
wronzs righted. Quite recently, he said,
veterans discharged at this port from the
transports which arrived from Manila
were told that there was no authority to
send them to their respective homes, but
when some persons interceded for them
with the proper authorities at "Washing
ton orders came to have them sent to the
places they desired to reach.
The following was unanimously adopted :
"Whereas. In IBM the Naval Veteran
Legion of California was organized with
a membership of 358 members and became
affiliated with the National Association
of Naval Veterans, and now holding a
charter from that association: and
"Whereas. Since the formation of the
aforesaid organization another war. re
sulting in additional honors being bestowed
on the American navy equal if not sur
passing in valor that of our late Civil
War. ranking our navy of to-day as the
grandest and greatest navy in the work:;
therefore be It
"Resolved, That this organization extend
a cordial invitation to all naval veterans
who served in the Civil War and the i
Spanish-American war, including marines,
and still serving in the American navy, to j
sign the roster of this association.
'•Resolved, That we most respectfully re- ■.
quest veterans now serving in the navy to
furnish a roster of their respective vessels
to the secretary of this association room
4, 405 Montgomery street, corner of Cali
fornia.
"Resolved, That the roster of this as
sociation be open for signatures of charter
members until further orders.''
The chairman stated that the objects of
the association are to protect the interest
of naval veterans who are entitled to
bounty, prize money, back pay, traveling
expenses, ration money and procuring dis
charge papers, and In order to accomplish
this a competent attorney will be en
paged for that purpose.
~ Seventy-five men signed the roll.
• ♦ . — —
CALIFORNIANS BANQUET
THE MINNESOTA BOYS
Company M of the California Regiment ;
entertained Company M of the Minnesota i
Regiment at a luncheon given in the '
Bimiw of Compar : y M y?«terday at ;
Camp Presidio. The management was
under the care of Mrs. Charles Rehn and
Mrs. Florence Lawtr.n. assisted by some
of the relatives of Company M's boys.
The luncheon was thoroughly enjoyed
- newcomers and three hearty- cheer?
and a tiger were given to the ladies and
to Major F. O'Neil, Captain Hogan and
First Lieutenant Wall. The tables wera
handsomely decorated with flowers ana
Private Brown. Company M. Minnesota,
is a popular man with the California boy?,
and he was presented with a hand
some bouquet given by David Taylor.
The bouquet was made of a cabbage,
pinks and ferns. The boys of Company M
California Regiment, gave a vote of
thanks to the ladies for their kind as
sistance in helping the boys of Company
M. California, to entertain.
, — _ ■ ♦ ■
Enchanted Mesa of Acoma
Dr. David Starr Jordan delivered an in
teresting lecture last night at Y. M. C A.
Auditorium on the subject "The Enchant
ed M-sa of Acoma." The lecture was il
lustrated by a number of stereopcicon
view? the pictures for which were taken
by Dr. Jordan and his wife, and a large
audience was agreeably entertained.
Brakeman O'Brien Dies.
WILLOWS, Sept. 0.-Thomas O Bnen.
the young brakeman who was injured at
ihena Station Thursday while sitting on
'the pilot of a locomotive, endeavoring to
make a coupling to a flatcar loaded with
' tradictory nature was Taken, and an ad
, journment to Tuesday was ordered, when
i other witnesses will be heard.
910
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Red JB painful
Rough £|i Finger
Hands ' SB Ends
Itching • Jjf Tan
Burning' Si Sunburn
Palms : |f Stings,efc.
ONE NIGHT TREATMENT
with
Soak the hands on retiring in a strong, hot,
dreamy lather of CUTICURA SOAR Dry,
and anoint freely with CUTICURA, the. great
skin cure and purest of emollients. Wear, during
the night, old, loose kid gloves, with the finger
ends cut off and air holes cut in the palms. For
red, rough, chapped hands, dry, fissured, itching,
feverish palms, with shapeless.nails.and painful
finger ends, this treatment Js simply wonderful.
PURE AND SWEET nu(l free from every blemish is the skin.
l uxv-u ikuu ounni Ma . aud hair cleansed, purified, ana
beautified by CUTTCURA SOAP,. It removes the cause of disflgurir.;*
eruptions, loss of hair, and buby blemishes, viz. : The clogged, irritated,
Inflamed, or sluggish condition of the POKES. CUTIGUKA SOAP com-
bines delicnte emollient properties derived from CUTICURA, the great
ekin cur with the purest of cleansing ingredients and most refreshing of
flower odors. No other medicated soap ever compounded is to be compared
with it for preserving, purifying, and beautifying the skin, scalp, hair, and
hands. No other foreign or domestic ?oap, however expensive, is' to be
compared with it for all the purposes of the toilet, bath, and nursery. Thus
it combines in ONE SOAP nt ONE PRICE — namely, 25 cents — the beat
skin and complexion soap and the best toilet and baby soap in the world.
Speedy Cure Treatment for Itching, Burning, Scaly Humors:
Hot Baths with CUTICURA 6OAF to cieanae the "kin; gentle anointings with CUTICURA
OINTMENT to hcnl the skin; and mild doee» of CUTICUKA RESOLVENT to cool the blood.
Sold throughout the world. Trice, TIIK BET, $1.25; or, SOAP. 25c; OINTMENT, 60c;
KEBOLVKNT (half. size 50e. TOTTER DRUO & CQEM. CORP.. Bole I'ropt., Boston.
" How to Pi www tho Heads, Hair, and Skin," mailed free.
Tlie Weekly Call, 16 Pages, $1 per Year.
THE SA^T FRANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1899.
jCatest Jinny and tfcivi/ vfews.
MINNESOTA AND
SOUTH DAKOTA
HOME TOGETHER
Two Famous Regi
ments Now in Camp.
If it is true that all the world loves a
lover, the place for the world to congre
gate and enjoy Itself yesterday was the
wharf where the big transport Sheriuan
docked and discharged its heroic cargo
of veterans, whom It has brought home
across thousands of miles of ocean from
the far-away land of fever and deau.,
where they have been for the last year
and a half, winning honor for their flag
and covering the two States that sent
them forth with the luster of their
achievements.
When the transport drew Into the dock
the old dusty wharf looked like a fairy
flower garden filled with radiant Ameri
can beauties, so crowded was it with the
fair ones from Minnesota and South Da
kota who had traveled westward to greet
their heroes' return.
As soon as the vessel came within speak
ing distance femininity broke loose and
messages of love and welcome Hew thick
and fast, conveying in their passage the
hearts of the senders to the bronzed and
bearded men who hung over tlie ship's
sides as though they were afraid to lose
one weird of the tender welcome with
which they were fairly showered. It took
but a short time to make the transport
fast to her birth, and then the troops
were landed and formed along East street,
where they patiently awaited the arrival
of the escort that was to show them the
way to the home that had been prepared
for them In the Presidio.
The troops who were to act as escort
began to arrive shortly after the boys bad
ail gut ashore, and at 9 o'clock the pro
cession was ready to ttart on Its way up
Market street, where the public had been
waiting their arrival since early morn
ing. The advance consisted of Batteries
D, A, N and Light Battery O of the
Third United States Artillery. Then came
Troop C of the regular cavalry, which
was followed by the men from South
Dakota, under the command of Colonel
Frost. Behind the last rank of veterans
folluwed a number of carriages contain
ing Congressmen Gamble and Burke, a
number of invalided officers, with their
mothers, wives and sweethearts, and a
number of other carriages filled with rola
tlves, friends arid more mothers, wives
and sweethearts, whose heroes were not
invalided.
The carriages of the Minnesota contln
g< nt followed, a-nd then the Minnesota
regiment Itself, under the command of
i>leutenant-Coionel Frederick, who rodo
in advance with his two Majors, iilau
and Bt-an, on either side of him. The
parade was closed by three eoinnanies of
the .North L>akuta Regiment, headed by
their band. The band tiiat led liic pro
cession was the one belonging to tho
Third Artillery.
All along the line of march the troops
were wildly cheered, and when the soiled,
stained and shot-riddled battle Hags went
past there was great enthusiasm. Women
pelted the troop.s with kisses and flowers
while they alternately laughed and cried
In a .sort uf a happy hysteria. They were
not the only ones who had tears in their
eyes, however. More than one of the
stronger and supposedly sterner sex v. is
seen to surreptitiously put a handker
chief to his eyes under the cover of wip
ing the moisture of excitement from his
fi iren'ead.
The line of march was along East street
to Market, up ihal thoroughfare to Van
Ness avenue and thence to the Presidio.
At the corner of Van Ness avenue and
Bußh street the men from the wars v.. i<>
reviewed by Major Noble, acting fur Ma
jor General Shatter. Upon arriving at
the Presidio the men at once went into
camp, and alter being allowed a few
minutes' rest were pounced upon by their
fellow soldiers and carried off to be
breakfasted. The South Dakotas were
taken rare of and treated to their initial
meal by the North Dakota and Wyoming
regiments, and the Minnesota boys were
Looked after by the lads of our own city.
As soon as their stomachs were ap
peased the men started to work about
camp getting their tents in such order an
they could while welcoming the hosts of
rs who crowded their quarters and
overwhelmed them with Questions and
congratulations.
Though everything scorned pleasant and
happy, there Is in both organizations a
deal of internal trouble and 111 feeling, all
of which has been publi.-hed in the col
umns of this paper. Colonel Frost is at
outs with Lieutenant Colonel Stover and
a number of other officers, and his dis
pleasure has resulted in the placing under
arrest of his next in rank and also Major
Warne, surgeon of ihe regiment, and First
Lieutenant 11. C. Bates. This trouble in
the South Dakota regiment originated In
letters addressed by some of the enlisted
men to Senator Pettigrew, In which they
Bpoke of their colonel in a very uncom
plimentary manner and characterized Ma
jor Howard as a tyrant and an arrant
coward. The officers under arrest are
charged by their commanding ollieer with
having instigated these epistles, or at
least having lent the writers of them their
moral support.
A visit was paid to the prisoners yester
day, but all attempts to induce them to
talk of their trouble proved unavailing.
They claimed that any discussion of tho
affair for publication would be unmilitary
and in very bad taste, and consequently
refused to submit to any interview on this
particular subject. It was easy to see,
however, that they have no love for their
commander, and the only sentiment they
feel toward Howard is one of contempt.
A little trip through the company streets
easily revealed the fact that the men to
a unit are with the arrested officers, and
particularly Is this a fact In the case of
Lieutenant Colonel Stover, whom they
greatly admire.
Tho situation In the Minnesota camp Is
worse, If possible. Colonel Ames went out
to the Presidio yesterday morning and
assumed command of the regiment as
soon as it arrived. That is about all he
did assume as far as his officers were
concerned. They left him severely alone,
and he wandered around the little city of
tents, speaking only to civilians and to
the few officers who were compelled to
address him In the course of the perform
ance of their official duties. Both he and
his officers refused to discuss the trouble
In any way whatever. Not so with the
men and those of the other regiment.
Thrv do not seem to take the same view
of the case as do the officers of the regi
ment. They say that it Is a put-up job
to down Ames, and that there is many a
man who is now throwing mud at him
who had feet cold enough to freeze water
on August 13 when the regiment was or
dered to support the Astor Battery and
whdi the officers almost to a man laid
down.
Wherever the blame may lie, all the
men and officers at the Presidio unite in
condemning the reception accorded Colo
nel Ames when he came aboard the trans
port. They say that whatever the feeling
that may exist between him and his offi
cers. It was both cowardly and unman
nerly for them to exhibit it before his
wife. They should have had enough chiv
alry, say these military critics, to have
Fpa'rod a woman the pain that such a re
ception must have caused the- wife of their
colonel.
The South Dakotas are proud of thoir
record, and particularly of the number
that have been chosen from among them
to wear the shoulder straps in Uncle
Sam's new regiments. Those who have
received the honor and conferred distinc
tion on the regiment are Lieutenant J. Q.
A Braden, who was given a like rank In
the Thirty-sixth Infantry: Captain Hage
man, who was made captain in the same
regiment; Sergeant Mann, given a sec
ond lieutenantcy under Captain Hapeman;
Lieutenant L. C. Foster, made captain in
the Thirty-seventh; Sergeant Russell,
made first lieutenant in the Thirty-sev
enth; Lieutenant Young, who was given
a captaincy In the Eleventh Cavalry, and
Lieutenant S. J. Larsen. who was given
the same rank In the same regiment.
Th<- Sheridan brought home seventy-six
invalided men, who were yesterday taken
to the Presidio hospital. There are four
Flight cases of typhoid among them, but
none are so serious but what with proper
mrdiclne and a little careful nursing they
will bo brought around all right.
Even we can't talk all the time. Come
In and let the hats speak for themselves
Mme. Alma Keith, Phelan building. •
BRAVE SOLDIERS AT
THE BANQUET BOARD
MRS. A. S. TOWNSEND ENTER
TAINS A FEW - EROES.
Flags and Silver and Crystal Flow
ers and Glittering Lights Make
the Table Beautiful.
Mrs. A. S. Townsend, the soldiers' true
friend, gave an elaborate dinner last even
ing al her home on California street. It
was a patriotic dinner, and the glorious
stars and stripes which many of the lady's
guests followed to victory were used with
exquisite effect to beautify the elegant
home and lend effect to the banquet board.
Exquisite crystal and gorgeous silver
glistened on the table, and in the midst of
it all were long-stemmed crimson carna
tions and delicate ferns arranged in deli
cate Venetian and old silver vases. The
mime cards were tiny tents topped with
miniature flags, 2nd tho boutonnicres
placed at the plate of each truest con
sisted of a single crimson carnation and
Bprig 01 maidenhair tied with a narrow
tri-colored ribbon. The 'conservatory open
ing off the dining room looked like a bit
of enchanted ground, with its little fairy
lights twinkling in the midst of the many
palms and rare exotics.
Mrs Townsend received her guests, as
sisted by Mrs. Bessie T. Smith and Miss
N. J. Rattigan. The charming hostess
wore an elegant gown of white brocade.
The jupe was perfectly plain cut, with a
demi-train. and the decollete corsage was
finished off with exquisite duchesse lace.
A magnificent collar of pearls and a dia
mond orcsa were the only ornaments
worn.
Seated at the table were: Colonel C. 11.
Murphy, W. J. Martin, • 'olnnel V. D. Du
boce. Lieutenant 11. E. Curzon, Lieutenant
Commander Allen, Captain J. W. P. Diss.
Colonel J. M. Gassaway, Tl. C. McPike,
Mrs. H. C. McPike, Mrs. Bessie T. Smith,
Miss N. J. RatUgan und Mrs. A. S. Town
send.
Ladles' tailor-made BUlts, fur capes, cloaks.
Credit. M. Rothschild, 231 Post st. •
Father McKinnon to Lecture.
On Tuesday evening, September 19, at
Last Week
of the
Alteration Sale
As this is the last week of our alteration sale
we have cut prices very low in order, to clear
out the following goods before we begin to
display our latest fall novelties:
Jet and colored bead Colored embroidery, re-
trimmings in all widths re- duced from
duced from ioc to 5c a yard
£1.75 to $ 50 a yard 20c to 9 C a yard
2.50 to 75 a yard 25c to 14c a yard
4.00 to 1,00 a yard 40c to 22c a yard. •
5.00 to 1,50 a yard. Heavy handmade torchon
Black mohair and silk lace 4 inches wide reduced
braids from / to 2 inches rom
wide reduced from ■* Is c to 8c a yard
15c to 5c a yard 2OC \° lgc a yard
20c to 7c a yard 2 S C to 12^c a yard.
25c to 9c a yard. Handsome painted gauze
_ .,.... • fans in cream, black and
Fur and braid trimming co , ors> reduced from
mixed reduced from $3 and 2.50 to $1 each
50c to lgc a yard 2 and 1.50 to 75c each.
40c to 6 %c a yard. J , .
/+ ■■■■ J Cream open work scrim-
Mixed furs in brown, gray 40 inches wide, reduced from
and tan reduced from I2 c to 7^c a yard.
$1.75 to 35c a yard. Tambour Swiss, 28 inches
Spanish lace scarfs 2 wide in many different de-
yards long, extra heavy signs, reduced from
quality reduced from 35c to 22}4c a yard
$5.00 to $2 50 each ■ ■ 45 C to 27^c a yard
3.00 to L5O each SOC5 OC to 32#C a yard.
2.00 to 1,00 each Genuine Maine fir bal-
-1.00 to 45 each. Sam pillows 18 inches square
Grass cloth all over em- ready for covering, reduced
broidery yoking, reduced to • 50 c each,
from Figured tapestry soinches
$ 85 to $ 50 a yard wide, in several designs, re-
-1.50 to 75 a yard duced from -♦' •
2.00 to 1,25 a yard. 50 to 35c a yard.
125 to 131 Kearny St.
I^^ViV.VsfVMV.VmgV.V.VeH.V.i'^iffVfV^itVfVf^:
g ' *
our painless method 1
I makes dentistry 1
la pleasure . %
I I
EVENINGS until 9. Sundays *C
5 Subset of Teeth. "VAN VROOM" 1
.J" painless extractions TJrl.ll V I\VVi"l 2 51
v .*» free 94 OO up w^,
Fiinn^/ 0 3 ' 22 - k 25cup " 7 Ma rket St., Corner Sixth. 5g
5 9 ° Ur | GEO W. KLEISER, D.D.S. jg
When
Good Tea
Big Presents
Are 'Wanted
Try
Great American Importing; Tea Co's
Big Value Stores.
BTORES EVERYWHERE.
100 STORES.
Metropolitan Hall. Rev. W. D. McKinnon.
chaplain of the First California Volun
teers^ will deliver an address for the
benefit of the Catholic Truth Society. The
subject of the lecture will be "The Call
fornians in the Philippines." This will be
the only public address delivered by the
reverend chaplain during his stay in Cali
fornia. Tickets may beprocured at the
Monitor office, room 7, Flood building.
■ ♦ «
The Old Government Whisky is a
harmless and wholesome stimulant,
made from carefully selected grain;
pure, old, mellow.
Soldiers Stole Chairs.
Clinton C. Rutherford and Gaylor Craw
ford of the Twenty-second Infantry went
into Daly's salcon, Third and Howard
streets, yesterday and each took a chair
and walked with it to a second-hand store
on Howard street, where they were of
fc , r sale / Dal >' notified the police.
anc l ?t 1 u er ? M cGrayan and Greenan ar
rested the two soldiers and booked them
at the City Prison on a charge of petty
larceny.
JAP STATUE'S last days at Art Saloon.
Going East, then to Paris. •
Possibly Fatally Injured.
A Chinese who was a passenger on the
train from San Jose yesterday afternoon
was standing on the platform of a car
when the train reached the depot. A
sudden lurch of the cars made the Chi
nese fall to the ground. He struck on his
head and was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital in an unconscious condition He
was suffering: from concussion of the
brain, and doubts were expressed of his
recovery.
If you are interested in Spanish visit
Trofcssor Hall's class, just forming at Y.
M. C. A., -1:30 Monday afternoon. •
General Warfield Improving
A dispatch was received from New York
last night stating that General W'arfleld
1? very much improved and was able to
leave the Pennsylvania Hospital and join
his associates of the California delegation
The various delegations have disbanded
their headquarters and are ready to leave.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Koonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
000000000000000000
g™« PALACE A D S
g GRAND
q SAN FRANCISCO. "
"* Connected by a covered passageway. "
l" 1400 Room*— 9oo w. h Bath Attached, ©
jO All Under One Management. O
|O NOTE THE PRICES: O
jQ European Plan. 81.00 per day and upward O
jjk American Plan.s3.OU per day and upward -."•
[*» Correspondence Solicited. O
O JOHN 0. KIRKPATRICK. Huager. O
000000000 OOOOO OQOO
13'DTTCXI17Q FOR BARBERS. BAR-
DXIU OilLO rs bootblacks, bath-
bouses, billiard tables
I brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners]
dyers flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
bangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
■tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers, 609 bacramento St.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
During the cast week we have opened ud
large shipments of TABLE LINENS, TOW-
ELS, NAPKINS, TOWELING, BEDSPREADS,
BLANKETS, COMFORTERS and SHEETS, and
quite a few, special items.
9 cases Fine White CALIFORNIA BLANKETS,
full size and extra weight. Price, $3.25
pair.
5 cases Extra Size WHITE ENGLISH MAR-
SEILLES BEDSPREADS, very handsome
designs. Price, $2.50 each.
One case (300 dozen) GERMAN DAMASK NAP-
KINS, full 26 inches square, extra double
satin damask. Price, $3.50 dozen.
25 pieces Extra Quality BLEACHED SATIN
TABLE DAMASK, full width, in 9 differ-
ent designs. Price, $1.00 yard.
175 dozen Extra Size Full Bleaclrd HEM-
STITCHED HUCK TOWELS, very fine
quality, Price, $3.50 dozen.
We will also have a special sale this week
of 700 pairs very handsome SAXONY and
FISH NET LACE CURTAINS, all new goods,
hoth White and Ecru. Prices, $2.00,
$3.00 and $4.00 per pair.
NOTE.— SHEETINGS and BLANKETS
less than present mill prices.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
Bar Outfits!
We are* selling them for less money than any other concern on the Coast
We manufacture all we sell, thus saving buyers freight anJ other charges.
They are all fitted throughout with nickel trimmings, the counter tops and
rails are made of walnut or oak, whichever matches the rest of tne outfit.
CUR ILLUSTRVriON SHOWS ONE OF OUR $65 BARS.
THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE COMPANY
(INC.),
1017-1023 Mission Street. (Above Sixth.)
Phone. South 14 Op fl n Ev?nin^s.
TWO POINTED FACTS
Are always observable on a critical ex-
amination of our laundry work, and
that is that the color is perfect and the
finish beautiful on all linen done up
here, Shirts, collars and cuffs are
laundered here In a manner that gives
all the beauty and freshness of the
new article.
United States Laundry. Offlca
1004 Market Street.
Telephone South 4-20.
Oakland Office, 514. Eleventh St.
DR. HALL'S REIN VIGOR AIM
yjrrft Five hundred reward lor any
?W •■§■* case we cannot cure. Thla secret
. ™ . X remedy Btopa all losses in 2*
Ri.tS By* hours, cures Emissions. Impo-
SK remedy Varloocele. losses In 24
ESP hours, cures Emissions, Impo-
Ww! tency. Varicocele. Gonorrhoea,
fieM gi-£L' Gleet. Fits. Strictures. Lost
Jgg jj^yi Manhood and all wasting effects
t_-Tt= ! T!. of selt-abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed, W bottle; 3 bottle^ 15; guaranteed to
cur* any case. Address HALLS MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. 866 Broadway, Oakland. Cal. Also
for Ml* It 1073% Market it.. S. F. All prlvaU
jODeMca quickly cured* Send tor tre« book.
MR. LEO BABAYAN,
COLLECTION OF
TURKISH
FINE ANTIQUE
RUGS, CARPETS, Etc.
AUCTION!
Without Limit or Reserve, at
117 SUTTER STREET,
Opposite Nathan, Dohrmann & Co.'b.
POSITIVELY
L/\ ST D AY!
TO-MORROW, MONDAY, Sept. 11.
At 1:30 p. m.
Mr. Babayan Will leave Tuesday. All Roods
unclaimed on which deposits are paid will be
resold to the highest bidder, and also the bal-
ance of the superb stock will be closed out.
A. W. LOUDERBACK, Auctioneer.
B •JO Sag Fw H+ + + + + + + + + + + + ■+ + + + + + + ■+ + ■++-+
I Pages 11 to 20 j
+ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦*"♦♦ + + ♦ +
SANTA CRUZ EXTENDED A CALIFORNIA
WELCOME TO THE STATES NATIVE SONS
A PAGEANT AT THE SEASIDE CITY
THAT WILL GO DOWN INTO HISTORY
OPEN-HEARTED HOSPITALITY
MARKED THE OCCASION
Entertaining Was Done on a Most Elab
orate Scale by Local Parlors of
Sons and Daughters.
S.A N'TA CRUZ, Sept. 9.— Santa Cruz,
; part of it which went to bed
1 last night, has not yet been
able to flerure out Just what It
wakened up to this morning.
With 10.000 Native Sons and a score of
brass bands in town to participate in
the State's big,- birthday party, the
weikin and about everything else with
in reach has been ringing since the
first section of the San Francisco
special got in last night and dumped
2000 enthusiastic metropolitan Natives
loose under the flags, the lights and red
fire on Pacific avenue.
The arrival of the San Jose special
and the second San Francisco section
half an hour later lessened the gen
eral exuberance not one bit. The town
has been agog and aroar ever since,
and if present indications carry it will
be until after the Venetian Carnival,
which will close the celebration on
Monday night.
Santa Cruz has begun by keeping to
the letter the promises it held out to
the Natives of the biggest time they
have had in years, and as State Sena
tor and Past Grand. President Tom
Flint Jr. of San Juan' said to-day in a
little oration to a limited audience:
'Santa Cruz has. uncorked everything
from enthusiasm to condensed milk,
und the boys have succeeded in finding
everything but the milk."
The city has certainly taken no
chance of any blot on its reputation
for great big-hearted hospitality and
the ability to extend it. It is the opinion
uf the veterans of the order, and to It
they are giving free expression, that al
though the crowd is a few shy of the
usual number, never were they better
entertained. In winning out the cele
bration this year Santa Cruz was
doubly honored. Two of the citizens
of the city were elected grand officers
of the order at the last grand parlor-
Frank Mattison, Assessor of the coun
ty, grand president, and Milton Besse,
Sheriff, rand marshal. To both of
these popular Natives is the success of
this ear's celebration of Admission
day largely due.
To-day, although the local parlor of
Native Daughters has been dispensing
lavish hospitality at N. S. G. W. Hall,
the greater part of the celebration has
been on the street, and the two centers
of it all have been the St. George Hotel
and Pacific Ocean House, where nearly
all of ' San Francisco's parlors are
quartered. Bands and parlors and
fractions of parlors have paraded the
streets ever since the opening proces
sion of this morning came to an end.
Every headquarters in town has been
visited. revisited, and at the same time
relieved of its contents. It has been a
rackety time, and to-night, when every
parlor in town is keeping open house
rind the grand ball is on, there is no
abatement of the general festivity.
There are e.nough of them here who
are active in the body politic to go into
a nominating convention for either
party, and Stanford Parlor of San
Francisco would probably have the
casting vote. County Clerk "Billy"
Deane, its president, got in last night,
ns did School Director Ed Head, who
wants to be Sheriff, and Under Sheriff
Dave Martin. Assessor Washington
Dodge arrived on this morning's train,
and with him came Henry Martin.
Bruce Cornwall and Maxwell McNutt
have quit practicing law for the time
being and Joined the rest of the Stan
ford clique at the St. George. Mayor
Phelan arrived this morning in time
for the parade, and has been the guest
of Mayor Lamb of this city through the
day Judge Mogan and Judge Conlan
and Tom Hawkins, who will try to be
Judge at the next election, are also
among the "nollies" who are on deck,
as is Will H. Dick.
Past Grand President Frank L
Coombs and Past Grand Thomas Flint
Jr. are the especial charge of Grand
President Frank Mattison. All the
grand offers of the order are now in
town and they announce that the
crowd here will be augmented to-mor
row and Monday by those for whom
the Venetian Carnival of Monday night
I* the main attraction. Alameda Coun
ty is vociferously represented by Coun
ty Clerk Frank Jordan, Assessor Henry
Dalton, A. W. Fiedler. Treasurer of the
county and grand inside sentinel of the
oi dor. and Major Waters The major
Is the ragtime mascot of Athens Par
lor. Oakland's "baby organization,
and for the greater part of the after
noon has been the whole show so far as
♦y,r. street events are concerned.
Among the crowd from San Jose are
Sheriff G. T. Bellinger. Will Leet.
Kmll and Ernest Leon and Al Hart.
Sam Rucker, Rick Mister and Dave
Bryant are expected to arrive to-mor
row. _ .
IN GORGEOUS ARRAY.
The Great Procession Was
a Glittering Success.
BANTA CRUZ, Sept 9.— Santa Oniz
haa accomplished the biggest hearted
and most gorgeous reception 1n all her
history, and there axe 10,000 Native
and Daughters and their friends
who are here and testifying to that
with all tho windlneM of their well
i mined lunps. This morning's biff pro
cession, which formally opened the ac
( elebration of Admission day, was
leceM from whichever lamppost one
looked at it. There was neither hitch
nor halt In It from the time the last
Bection of the San Francisco special
pulled Into the depot with the last in
dent of Native Sons. Grand Mar
shal Milton Besse and his chief aid,
i •. Martin of San Francisco, had
their forces in line by 10 o'clock. Half
an hour later they escorted the San
Jose parlors from the Union depot to
the head of Pacific avenue, and at 11
o'clock welcomed the San Franciscans,
and the celebration was on.
The procession formed at the corner
N^Gu**? N 2r Jfr
of Mission and Vine streets, and from
there marched down Pacific avenue to
the foot of Mission Beach Hill, where it
countermarched to the head of the
avenue and there disbanded. It w*as as
! hard a matter to push a way along
Santa Cruz's long main street as it
was to break through the crowd that
two weeks ago came out on Market
street to shout itself into hysterics over
\ California's returned volunteers.
There was a squad of those same
volunteers in the parade to-day, and
it goes without saying that Santa Cruz
I uncorked the same brand of enthu
siasm that was turned loose in the
metropolis.
Pacific avenue was a flutter with
: banners and bear flags and hand
painted assurances to the Natives that.
; tht; town was theirs ana a welcome
wherever they wanted to look for it.
Grand Marshal Besse and Chief Aid
Martin led the line. Their aids, who
- followed them, were W. C. Hoffmann,
< h>f of staff: Harry I. Mulcreavy, H.
H. Farley, Walter A. Grattan. H. A.
horn, Max Qlas, Finlay B. Cook,
J. H. Aram, T. H. Ware, C. H. Ollin
ger, W. H. L. Hynes, Jeff Mann and
Carl K. Lindsay.
Santa Cruz followed with the local
parlor's guests of honor, Major Boxton
and tii.- First California Volunteers.
Santa t'ruz, as a body, was the gayest
■ d thing in the parade — white duck
trousers, white silk shirts, white hats
and Bilken sashes of th<- Stat lor —
yellow. The division was marshaled by
George H. Wink!.- of the local parlor
and he was assisted by K. K. Shelby
and District Attorney Ben Knight.
Santa Cruz Native Sons failed to carry
off the honors, however, despite the
lavish silkiiK-ss of their attire. It was
the Daughters who goi the shouting.
The entire local parlor, No. 90, with the
Carnival Queen, Miss May Baldwin,
and her handsome maids of honor were
clustered on a huge float ihat was so
different from the regulation affair of
tawdry tinsel that it detracted not one
whit from the beauty of its occupants.
Right after them came the grand
officers of the order, Grand President
Frank Mattison and Past Grand
Thomas P'lint Jr. of San Juan, and all
the other past gTands who have been
created by successive elections. Henry
Martin, San Francisco's genial SherifC,
occupied the greater portion of a car
riage of his own and was almost en
thusiastically applauded, as was
brother Dave, who was mounted near
by on what the ofllcial programme
terms a "palfrey," with gold trappings |
and a red, white and blue silk sash, i
The rest of the division was made up '•
of the Santa Cruz Naval Battalion, un
der command of Lieutenant Benjamin
Plant, and the Santa Cruz Society of i
Pioneers.
James P. Dockery, who led the night !
parade in San Francisco, led the sec- j
ond division here. His aid was Fred C.
Qerdes. Pacific Parlor No. 2 and Cali- j
fornia No. 1 of San Francisco were j
first in evidence, and La Estrella Par- ;
lor No. 89, N. D. G. "W., and Mission •
Parlor No. 38 followed them with tho
rataplan of Mission Parlor's overgrown
drum corps. San Francisco No. 49.
Watsonville No. 65 and Rincon No. 72 j
wound up the division j
No marshal was needed for the third
section. The entire band of the First
California was in the lead, and was
likewise the whole show.
The parlors came next in the follow
ing order: Golden Gate Parlor No. 29,
SAX FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1899.
Yerba Buena Parlor No. 84, Bay City
Parlor No. 104, Niantlc Parlor No. 103,
drum corps, El Dorado Parlor No. 52
and Alcatraz Parlor No. 145.
The fourth division was composed of the
city band, Stanford Parlor No. 76, Oakland
I Parlor No. 50, Alcalde Parlor No. 154,
j drum corps, National Parlor No. 118,
i South San Francisco Parlor No. 157, drum
corps, Precita Parlor No. IS7. Presidio
Parlor No. 194.
The fifth division was all from San Jose
and one of the most attractive on the line
|of march. G. Y. Bollingrer was the man
:on the horse, and he was assisted by
I W. A. Mead and Martin Murphy. The par
| lors in the section were San Jose No. SI.
Yendome No. 100, N. D. Q. W.; and San
Jose, Observatory and Palo Alto parlors.
i N. S. G. W.
D. "W. "Woody as marshal of the division
from Alameda was assisted by B. F.
Woolner and AF&emblvman Joseph Know
land. The First Regiment band had the
place of honor at the head of the section
and was followed by Piedmont Farlor No.
120; Piedmont Parlor No. 81. N. L>. (.. \\.:
Alameda Parlor No. 47. Halycon Parlor
No 146 ajid Athens Parlor No. lal.
R P Doolan was marshal ana Creorge
Hessebach aid of the seventh and last
division Hesperian Parlor's band had the
front of the line, with Hespt-rian Parlor,
accompanied by Las Lomafl Parlor. N. L>.
G W following. After them came Se
quoia Parlor No. 160, Marshall Parlor
Drum Corps, Marshall Parlor No. 202,
Menlo Parlor No. ISS, Mount Tamalpaia
Parlor No. 64 and Sea Point Parlor
No. 168.
It was after 1 o'clock before the parade
ended and the parlors broke away to
make their headquarters ready for the
big reception of the afternoon.
A FEW OF THE THINGS THAT HAPPENED.
ADDRESS OF THE DAY.
Grand Orator Byington Cre
ates a Profound Im
pression.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 9.— The principal
i feature of the literary exercises at the
'• armory this afternoon was the splendid
speech of Lewis F. Byington, grand or
ator of the order of Native Sons. Bylng
ton's speech is accepted by the hundreds
| who heard it as the ollicial expression of
the political leanings of a majority of tho
! members of the association for whom ha
: spoke— that is, in so far as he eschewed
i history and alluded to the political ques-
I tions of the day.
The First Regiment band opened the
I programme, and Grand President Matti
i son followed with a cordial speech of wel
come to every visiting Son and Daughter,
' He also made it the occasion to speak in
highest praise of Mr. Byington, whom he
i introduced as the orator of the day.
i Byington said in part:
Mr. Chairman and Fellow Citizens: It 1b
• scarcely more than fifty years ago since across
i the peaceful waters of the bay by the side
t of which your homes are clustered the Stars
and Stripes were first raised In the "West to
flash a message of promise throughout the
world that thenceforward and forever th« soil
of California was wedded to the Union and
to the principles of free government for which
that Union stands.
In those flity years how marked has been
the improvement, how wonderful the ad
vancement of this great West. The lone flag
which waved that day In Monterey was per
chance the sole one in all America glided by
the rays of the summer sun as it sank to rest
In the' bosom of the Pacific, and now on each
recurring national holiday a signal may bo
sent from banner to banner from the heat
parched plains of Mexico to the rustling pines
of Victoria and from the wave-kissed sands by
the I'aciiic to where the angry surf of the At
lantic hf-ats round Plymouth Rock; while in the
hundreds of cities and towns which have blos
pomed in the AYest. from every plain and val
ley, rich in their spreading verdure, from the
Bloping. vtne-ihid hills of the Coast Range
to where the majestic outlines of the Sierras
lift to heaven their snow-clad crests, this day
flutters in the breeze from school and hall and
home, from rock and lofty pine, the starry
emblem of our nationality.
As the starry folds of the banner raised by
Commodore Bloat were caught Dp by the breeze
I from the ocean, flashing the promise of a new
era throughout this golden land, California,
dressed In her robes of freedom, advanced to
challenge the admiration of the world. \\ Itli
what pride the patriotic citizen of this State
can look abroad over the fair domain and note
the wraith and beauty gathered there.
Within her broad confines nature with a
lavish hand has scattered the fruits and treas
ures of a thousand favored chines. From
where the lofty dome of Shasta lifts to heaven
Its never-fading cnest of winter to the far
southland perfumed with the fragrance of
myriad orange groves she blossoms an the rose.
Her sloping hills empurpled with the vine and
fruited orchard, her valleys bright with golden
grain her mountains golden seamed. Glorious,
California, Is the heritage bequeathed to thy
children. Glorious should thy future be.
And vet my friends, all the boundless wealth
that sleeps within her hlllß or brightens all
her plains would weigh as naught compared
to her heritage of liberty and the blessings
of free Institutions resting upon a broad foun
dation of noble manhood.
Deep planted in the heart of very patriot
is the sentiment of loyalty to something which
is over and above all the material wealth nnd
grandeur of nations; which weds him to the
woll not en account of the abundance of its
riches or the pleasant appearance of Its land
scapes out because upon that soil the Insti
tutions he loves have found root and over it
all is breathed the spirit of freedom sanctified
by the deeds of its martyrs. It is this senti
ment which carries us back to the trials and
tribulations of our pioneer fathers, which stirs
the heart at the recollection of the achieve
ments of the hardy Continentals, which sancti
fies the memory of those who gave to us the
Immortal declaration of a people" • rights. It
la this sentiment which boots loftily among
tlie rugged peaks and crags of the mountains
us In the flower-bedecked valleys or the busy
marts of trade.
It Is to strengthen this attachment toward
the land of their birth, to venerate the prin
ciples which are there established and to cher
ish the memory of those who have done so
much to advance the cause of our free Institu
tions that the young men under whose auspices
this celebration Is held have associated them
selves together. Not that they claim any spe
cial privilege over the citizen born on another
soil, but that they seek to teach the members
of the fraternity their duty to the State, to im
plant in their hearts a love for Its institutions
and to make of them better men and better
citizens, for It Is upon the Integrity of her
ritizens that our State must df|if>nd to place
ht-r In the vanguard of civilization, to aid her
In carrying the principles of American liberty
and American honor to every nation of the
globe.
Mv friends, upon the 9th day of next Sep
tember the patriotic sons of California will
fittingly celebrate in the city of San Francisco
the fiftieth nnr.lvprsary of her admission Into
the Union; but while it was upon the 9th day
of September, 1850, that the act of admission
t finally received the aprrov.il of the President,
flftv years ago this very month there was gath
ered in Colton Hall, at Monterey, a convention
tl r lirfiad-mlniled and patriotic men upon whom
all eyes were turned and who, in the words of
their' chairman, were to srive proof to the world
I that California had not been settled entirely by
♦ unintelligent and unlettered men. How well
jL they dfd their duty the world knows. It was
r really at this time that the new State was
♦ born and upon the 13th day of October, 1849,
A the first constitution of California solemnly re-
I c-lved the approval of the delegates, and she
♦ stood ready to be welcomed Into the sisterhood
1 of the Union. .
v All honor to the hardy pioneers who laid the
1 foundation of an American commonwealth.
T Wherever the spirit of adventure or the search
<** for fortune may have led them, they yet car-
ried their devotion to the sacred principles of
liberty ami proved their capacity for organ
izing the institutions of self-government. No
braver, nobler, higher types of manhood have
ever existeJ In the history of a nation than the
pioneers who carved out the destinies of the
great West They were the bold spirits who
Biased the way fur American civilization ami
planted the principles of free government and
the Reeds of education in the trackless forests,
and upon the hitherto unexplored shores of the
Pacific. With the march of progress followed
the seminary, the college, the university until
now there has blossomed on every plain and
valley and mountain a seat of learning, mmm
which the American youth may drink at the
fountain of learning and the common scnooi
system has become the defense and the pride
of the republic.
If the reputation of California, in times of
peace has become world-wide for the grandeur
of her mountains, the beauty of her valleys,
the wealth of her material resources and the
high standard of her educational institutions;
In times of war she has not been found want
ing in fidelity to the Union and to the prin
ciples of free government.
The very first company of troops to land upon
the soil of Cuba, in defense of an oppressed
people, was a company of United States regu
lars that marched away from tho Presidio at
San Francisco. And when the call for volun
teers came from the President, full In the
vanguard of those who answered "ready" waa
our own First California. It led the long list
of gallant regiments that went sailing out
through the Golden Gate to win In the far
distant Islands of the Pacific a new glory for
the achievements of American skill and dar
ing, and with swelling hearts we have lately
garlanded the pathway of the returning sol
dier who, responsive to hU country* call, went
Pages 11 to 20
THE GRIZZLY BEARS WAX MhRRY
ON THEIR JOYOLS AIVNIVERSARY
THROUGH CITY STREETS
IN GORGEOUS PARADE
Children of the Golden West Join to Do
Honor to the Natal Day of the
Commonwealth.
forth In California's name to uphold the na
tion's flac.
From the very birth of our Government the
achievements of the American navy have be>-n
the wonder and admiration of the 1 world, but
never haH Its fame shone forth more brightly
than In the late war with Spain, and linked
forever with it will be the name of the Golden
State.
The peerless Olympla, flagship of the Pacific
squadron, which led the Invincible fleet into
Manila Bay. and from whose bridge the daunt
less Dewey directed his line of battle, in the
great naval engagement, which resulted in
such a signal victory to our arms, had he-r
keel first baptized in the waters of San Fran
cisco Hay. It is but a few years since tho poet
sang of that trackless and almost unknown
land "where rolls the Oregon and hears no
sound save its own flashings," and yet the
other day there -went forth from the California
forge and workshop and out through the
Golden Gate an Oregon that has carried the
name of the American navy in undying glory
all round the globe.
Our flag should ever stand as the emblem of
our nationality. Wherever its broad foHs
wave in the breeze it should carry a me?sace
of peace it should bear with it the integrity
of American principles. It should proclaim to
the world the lesson of our devotion to civil
nnd r^liffi^us liberty, our veneration for the
teachings of the father of the republic, our at
tachment to everything that advances human
knowledge or adds to the grent store of human
happiness. May all mankind learn from it
that the people's rights are best guarded by
the purity of the nation's laws nnd the in
tegrity of their administration. Girded round
by the love and faith and hope of a nation of
freemen it finds in them a safer bulwark
than does tyranny with all the bristling bayo
nets of its military strength. L#t us leave
to the monarchies of other lands the
that before their blood-stained banners the
weaker nations bow in fear and trembling
and liberty shrinks back affrighted, but may
the hope of even' American be that wherever
the flag of his country is borne, the freemen
of every land may proudly greet its coming,
the oppressed rise up to bless it, the slave
to kiss its folds.
TALKED OF OLD TIMES.
Pioneers Enjoy a Picnic and
Bay Excursion.
"Hello, old fellow: you don't seem to
grow a day older, and you look just as
young as you did when we met last
year."
That and similar expressions was the
style of the greeting between Pioneer and
Pioneer as they met yesterday at their
annual reunion and celebration of Admis-
sion day. A day of pleasure had been
planned, and the Pioneers and their in
vited guests enjoyed themselves to the
fullest extent. An excursion on the bay
and a picnic at El Campo comprised the
programme. There were no orations, no
poems and no set exercises. Every one
was at liberty to enjoy himself or herself
as fancy directed.
The steamer Ukiah was chartered for
the occasion. It left Tiburon ferry at 10
o'clock in the morning with a party num
bering- close on to 3000. It went down the
bay as far as the Union Iron Works, and
on the return trip toward the picnic
grounds cruised among the shipping and
went as close to the lowa and Marbleheail
as possible to give the excursionists a
good view of the floating fighting ma
chines.
.As soon as the steamer reached El
Campo the Pioneers and their friends set
about without delay to dispose of the con
tents of well-tilled lunch baskets before
they gave time to the other pleasures of
the day.
Judge Nlles Searles entertained the offi
cers of the Pioneers and a few intimate
friends at a banquet served en tu.
grounds. There were a few speeches of
congratulation, but most of the talk was
in the nature of reminiscences of the
days of forty-nine. Among the Judges'
guests were Rev. S. H. Y\ llley, chaplain
of the Pioneers: Chief of Police Lees.ex-
Chlef Justice McKinstry, John H. Jew
ett, John F. Pinkham, S. W. Holladay,
A A. Coffey and Judge Cotton, ex-pres
ldent of the Pioneers.
Following the luncheon Judge Searles
called the picnickers together at the
dancing pavilion. Rev. Mr. Willey in
voked the blessing of the divine spirit on
the Pioneers and the State, after which
the Judge briefly welcomed the guests.
He said:
I enjoy this proud duty of welcoming
you beneath these sylvan shades to join
with us in celebrating the anniversary
of the birth of our glorious State. Fellow
pioneers, your labors and mine are nearly
accomplished. Soon our sons and daugh
ters will take our places, and I have
every reason to believe and hope that
they will conduct the affairs of our so
ciety with as much wisdom and charac
ter as you, my ancient friends. Now, wo
are here to-day to enjoy ourselves, and
my admonition is to go at it as your in
clinations direct."
Dancing followed until late in the after
noon. Blum's orchestra furnished the
music. The committee in charge of the
affair consisted of William Z. Tiffany, B.
T. Kruse, Allen Knight, E. M. Root, E.
B. Vreeland, 11. Bouton and K. R. Rufs.
Roberts Vandercook officiated as floor
manager during the dancing.
OPEN HOUSE FOR ALL,
Elaborate Entertainment Was the
Order of the Day.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 9.— An establish
ed custom at all Admission day celebra
tions is keeping open house afternoon and
evening, at which time all friends ara
guests and are treated in royal manner.
Entertaining was done in just such an
elaborate scale as heretofore, the amount
of cake served and gallons of ice cream
consumed, being hard to measure.
The headquarters of the various parlors
were crowded to the very doors this after
and a. number of parlors and visi
tors spent the entire afternoon making
the rounds of various headquarters.
The Santa Cruz Parlors, Native Sons
and Native .Daughters, gave up their
whole afternoon to entenaining and all
who called at their quarters were greet
ed by an efficient reception committee.
Native Daughters acted as a reception
committee and all were served with.
punch, ice cream and cake by the enter
tainment committee. H. J. Bias, the
chairman, was assisted by Dr. W. R.
Lixuscott, James K. Williamson, George
H. Otto, lialph Thompsun and Bailey
Terrill.
The guests at Santa Cruz headquarters
were more numerous than at any other,
and at times standing room was at a pre
mium. At Pioneer headquarters P. A.
Hihn, president of the society, presided,
assisted by .V. Baldwin, R.-C. Kirby and
>i. V. Bennett, a pioneer of 1842, and Mrs.
F, Le\vi>-, who was Patty Heed, of the
famous i dinner party. They served re
freshments to all who came.
San Jut-e Parlor, Observatory San
Jose and Palo Alto, headed by the Fifth
R( giment bund, marched from one head
quarters to another until all had been
visited. Athens Parlor of Oakland, head
ed by the Oakland band, did the same
thing and ended at the ball game. Stan
ford Parlor of San Francisco hired the
City Band of this city and, forming in
line, went from parlor to parlor. They
had tlie honor of being preceded by
Grand Marshal Besse. At the Pacific
Ocean House El Dorado Parlor, instead
of serving refreshments, entertained
their guests with a very pleasant dance.
California Parlor did the same at Ma
sonic Hall. Alcalde Parlor was at Arion.
Hall. It served solid and liquid refresh
ments. Hesperian Parlor, at the Pease
building, also served refreshments, as did
Golden Gate Parlor at Neary Hall.
Other parlors received guests. Nlantio
No. 105 at the Duncan House; Piedmont
No. 120, Olympus No. IS!> and National
No. 118, at Court House; Precita No. IST,
at Knights of Pythias Hall; Sequoia No.
160, at De La Mater Hall; Marshall No.
2u2 at Dabelich building; Rincon No. 72,
at Y. M. I. Hall.
This evening at Sea Beach three Native
Sons parlors and San Jose and Vendome
parlors, Native Daughters, are entertain
ing their friends at a grand ball.
The center of attraction to-night is at the
armory, where a grand ball is being given
under the auspices of Santa Cruz Parlor,
N. S. G. W. It is free to all natives and
aii immense crowd is present. Never be
fore in the history of Santa Cruz has the
armory presented such a lovely appear
ance. The wails are completely hidden
from view by ferns and evergreens, and
scattered among them are immense sun
flowers and beautiful butterflies of bright
hue. Hanging from the ceiling are numer
! ous baskets of ferns. The centerpiece
was especially striking.
The dancer? were many and the scene
was one long to be remembered. The ball
was given for a good time and every mo
ment was thoroughly enjoyed. Santa
Cruz Parlor No. 2t'\, Native Daughters,
acted as a reception committee, and thesf
handsome young ladies made all who
came welcome and at home. James R.
Williamson acted as floor manager, as
sisted by the following floor committee:
L E. W. Pioda, Harry S. Wanzer, Wil
liam H. Williamson, Dr. W. R. Linscott,
Herbert Llebbrandt, Ralph M. Thompson,
Harry B. Raff, John ('. Doyle. Herbert
J. Bias, Frank J. Hoffman. The dance
was over before midnight.
On Sunday there are to lie band concerts
on the beach in the afternoon and at the
Hotel St. George in the evening.
Excursion to tTkiah.
There will be an excursion to Ukiah
by the California Northwestern Rail
way on Sunday, September 24. The
time of departure from Tiburon ferry
will be 8:30 a. m., on the return leaving
I'kiah at 5 p. m., Riving- nearly five
hours at that point and affording ample
time to visit Vichy Springs, asylum,
fish hatchery and other points of inter
est. The fare for the round trip will be
$2. Every one is guaranteed a seat.
There will be plenty of vehicles at
Ukiah to tarry the visitors to the vari
ous points of interest at low rates.
There is no more delightful time of the
year for a ride through this section
thim the last of September. This year,
owing to the grapes ripening later than
usual, thousands of acres of vines will
he seen loaded down with the luscious
fruit.
_. ♦ ■
Correspondent Going to War.
Among the members of the Twenty
seventh Kegiment, IT. S. V., is Clarence
Werner of Richmond, Va., an old news
paper man. Mr. Werner, who is a pri
vate in Company F, went through me
Cuban campaign as a member of Com
pany H of the Fourth Virginia Regiment,
and while at the front acted as corre
spondent for several newspapers of this
country, among them the Richmond
Times," which paper he has been con
nected with for over nine years.
Keith's exclusive millinery house fot
the finest and best. 808 Market street. •12
SOCIETY
THE first Important event of the so
cial season of '89 will he the wedding
of J. A.th< Folgrer and Mrs. John
Cunningham, to be celebrated on
Tuesday evening at the residence of the
bride's sister, Mrs. Whittell, on Califor
nia and Jones streets.
Rev. Father Prendergast will perform
the ceremony and E. R. Folger is to of
fidate ns best man.
Another September ceremony of great
social importance will be the wedding of
Miss Goad and Andrew Martin, The 26th
is the date set for the marriage, which
will bo .'••..::.■••■< mansion,
on Washington street.
Mr. and Mrs. Walter Scott Hobart are
still at Del Mcmte. hi re Mr. Hobart s
health has much improved.
Mrs Henry K. HuiHlngton and the
Misses Elizabeth and Marion Huntii i
returned last Sunday from their tour of
Canada. Mr. Huntington and Miss Hunt
ington will i • main in the East for some
weeks longer. ,_; Z. ,
Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Cnvode.of New \ork
(formerly Miss Louisa Moulder) are
upending the month of September with
Airs. A. J. Moulder at her residence, 812
Bush street. , rT ,
The Misses Helen and Josephine Hyde
Bailed last week for Japan, where they
purpose spending a year.
Mr. and Mrs. C. M. Dougherty and fam
ily will return next v.eeic to the Hotel
Picnsanton from AUuneda. :
Miss Bee : too] la visiting Mrs. Thomas
L Breeze and her daughters at Del
Monte. , TT
Mr and Mrs. W. A. Klnney of Hono
lulu are registered at the Hotel Pleasan
ton.
Dr. Clark Burnham left for a two
months' visit In the East on 'Wednesday.
He will pass most oi the time in New
York.
Mr. and Mrs. George W. Reynolds are
among the permanent guests of the Hotel
Pleas anton.
Mr. and Mrs. K. J. Devlin of Sacramento
registered at the California Hotel during
Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Dean. Miss Helen
Dean and Walter E. Dean Jr. are passing
a few days at the Hotel Rafael.
William L>. Collier Jr. came down from
Mare Island early in the week and is now
at Del Monte.
Mr. and Mrs. E. J. Bowen and Miss
Mary Bowen were guests at the Hotel
Rafael a few days ago.
They're engaged.
The marriage of Miss Lottie Frier of
Alameda to li. G. Manifold of San Fran
cisco is announced to take place on the
14th icst. at is o'clock at Christ Church,
Aiameda.
Mrs JJertha Constine announces the en
gagement of lier daughter Pauline to Otto
Joel. They wil receive the first Sunday
In November.
Mr. and Mrs. Louis Meyer announce the
engagement of their daughter Flora to
Harry Schnwlz.
The engagement of Miss Kittle Lark
fpur, the writer, and Davis Atkinson, the
well known football player, is announced.
They will receive at the home of Will
Hoss, 306 Folsom street, on Sunday, Sc-p
--tember 17.
Mr. and Mrs. P. .1. Stolz announce the
marriage of ihelr daughter. Miss Lottie,
and Emile Ha Her, on September 12. Owing
to the death of the groom's sister the wed
dlr.K will be a rjuiet affair.
Mrs. Harry Jacotmon and son have re
turned from their two months' visit to
Portia Or.; and will be at home the
lirst Friday of each month at 1227 Golden
Gate avenue.
Mrs. Gußtava Cohen of 1636 Willow
street arrived in Aberdeen^ Scotland, on
Tuesday, the 29th ult.. and was met by
her sister, Mrs. C. Bittiner, at Glasgow.
Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Alexander announce
the engagement of their daughter Beckie
to Louis Gross. They will be pleased to
see their friends on Sunday, September
IT. from 2 to 5 o'clock, at 1322 J?111more
street.
Mr. and Mrs. Walter S. Potter announce
the engagement of their daughter Louise
to Ktison M. Hall.
Wedding Beils.
The Id ing of Miss Annie Gilligan and
Thomas C Towns took place at St. John's
Catholic Church last Wednesday evening.
The bridal party entered as the organist
played the wedding march. The ceremony
was performed by Rev. Father Brady.
Miss Jennie Gilligan. officiated as maid of
honor and John Devlin as best man. The
bride was attired in a charming crea
tion of organdie; lace ad chiffon. The
veil was attached to the hair with a
wreath of orange blossoms, while a spray
of the same cor a ted the corsage, She
carried a bouquet of bride roses tied with
white satin streamers. ' ri •■ gown of the
maid of nor was of white organdie,
trimmed with ribbon) and lace. Her bou
quet was of pink carnations. Aft. the
ceremony the young couple were driven to
their new home In Sunny Dale, where
they received the congratulations and
best wishes of their numerous friends.
They were the recipients of many costly
and appropriate presents. About midnight
an elaborate supper was served, after
which dancing was resumed. Mr. and
Mrs. Towns will reside in Sunny Dale on
their return from their honeymoon.
A pretty but quiet noon wedding took
place at St. Mary's Cathedral last
Wodnewlay*. when Rev. Father Dempsey
united In marriage Miss Kitty I logins and
George V. Uhl. The bride was attired In
a beautiful gray silk poplin, with hat to
match, and was attended by her sister,
Miss Ada Hlgglns. Robert E. Chatham
acted as best man. Following the cere
mony there was a repast at the home of
the bride's sister, Mrs. P. Spadin, 707
Green street, (or the bridal party and
relatives only. Mr. and Mrs. I'hi will
spend a short time in the southern part
of the State, and on their return will re
side at SCO Fell street.
A very pretty family wedding was cele
brated at the Mugner residence, OOC O'Far
rell street, on Thursday evening, August
81. the contracting parties being Miss
Bertha Magner and Julius I lei Insky of
L<is Angelen. The rooms were handsomer
lv decorated with smilux and roses and
the wedding i <■;•:.. ■:.-. was performed by
Key. 1. Meyer. On account of the recent
death of the bride's mother the wedding
was a strictly family affair. Joseph Mag
ner CaVQ th<? bride away and Saul Mugner
acted ;u3 best man. Miss Edna Speyer
acted as ringbearer nsid Miss Mabel Mag
ii'-r was maid of honor. The happy couple
will spend their honeymoon traveling
through the southern portion of the State,
and will return to this city In about two
weeks-
The marriage of Miss Eva Graf ton Lu
kens to Dr. Francis Keber Mu^e; took
place Wednesday evening, August 23, at
the home of the bride's parents, Mr. und
Mrs. Edward Graf ton Lukens; 1302 Jack
son street, Oakland. The Episcopal mar
riage ceremony was performed by Rev.
Dr. John Bake well of Trinity Church,
Oakland. The bride was given away by
her father. Miss Sadie Hale was the
i>.;..<J of honor. The bride's brother,
George Russell Lukens, supported the
groom an l A Fletcher Cornwall, George
.1. Hitter. Raymond J. Rush and Dr. Wil'
Hani H. Porter were the ushers. Dr. and
Mrs. Mucfer will make a tour of th<; East
ern States and on their return will take
up their home at Oakland.
The wedding of Fred Kaiser to Miss
Emilia Wrede took place nt St Boni
face Church August 2! at 9:30 a. m.
The bride was given away by her father.
Julius Wrede.
The church was prettily decorated with
smilax, ferns and sweet peas.
. August Kaiser, brother of the proem
acted as best man, while Miss Josephine
Wrede, sister of the bride, acted as maid
of honor. - ;>:
The hers were Messrs. Joseph Kaiser
Albert Kaiser, Fred Schoettler and
Charles Drussel:
The bridesmaids were Misses Annie
Kaiser. Josie Bouquet] Tlllle Wrede, Paul
ine- Wrede. Annie Wrcdc and Emma
Kaiser.
After. the ceremony a reception was held
at the residence of lit- groom, 909
Btciner street. Only the relatives and
most intimate friends were present.
The wedding of Miss Ella Davis, who
lias spent the past two years in this cfty,
and Professor rank K. Hanscom. took
place at the home of the bride's parents,
Mr. and Mrs. B. H. Davis, at :• i hanic
Falls, Maine, on Tuesday, August 22.
Mr. and Mrs. Hanscom will reside in
Bethel, Mo.. Mr. ' Hanscom being princi
pal of Gould's Academy of that place.
hiome GatfyerjDgs.
Mr. and Mrs. H. *'" "' ln of r) 33 Geary
street gave a pleasant dinner In honor of
one of the returned California volunteers,
A. 13 O'Neill of the engineer corps, on
Saturday evening, September 2. The sup
per room was handsomely decorated in
the. national colors, as was also the table,
and small bouquets of red, white and
liluo flowers were worn by each quest.
After two hours spent at the table the
guests adjourned to the parlors and en
joyed the stories and reminiscences told
by the returned defender of our country.
Seated at table besides the host and bost
• :-~ wire: A. B. O'Neill, Mr. and Mrs.
Charles K. Dittmar, T. J. Johnston, Syl
r McKenna, Captain and Mrs. Tay
lor and Mrs. S. A. Jones.
A very pleasant evening was spent at
the residence of Mrs. Charles Mayer re
in honor of the return of her pun,
. • .1. Mayer, from Manila. The house
was beautifully decorated with the na
tional colors. Among the features of the
ing were a cake walk, and a duett on
the piano by Sergeant H. D. Pohlman and
iral W. A. Jameson. Dancing and
games were kept up until early in the
morning. The supper march was led by
Lieutenant George W. Swan and Miss
Annie Mayer. The table was set in the
hall, downstairs, and was also decorated
with the national colors and lanterns.
Among those present were Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Mayer, Mr. and Mrs. Charles
Mayer Jr., Mr. and Mrs. H. Price. Lieu
tenant Swan, Miss Annie Mayer. Ser
-seant Pohlman, Miss K. Aherne, Corporal
arneson. Miss A. Kelly, Mr. Kushion,
Miss Jennie Aherne. Mr. Brown, Miss 11.
Renner, Berg-pant Davis. Miss Sophie Ren
ner, 1.1. A. Mayer, Miss C. O'Connor. W.
N. Mayer, Miss E. Clunaw, Corporal E.
Aherne. Miss E. Price, P. Mohn, J.
Seyden and J. Schmidt.
The twentieth wedding anniversary of
Mr. and Mrs. H. L. Springer was cele
brated at their residence, 1252 Ellis street,
on Thursday evening, August 31. Nu
merous presents were received, one of
which was a case of silverware from Cali
fornia Lodge, No. 113. Sons of Benjamin,
of which lodge the host is a charter .-mem
ber. Several telegrams were received
from Portland. Or., Oakland and the
East. Among those present were Mr. and
Mrs. H. L. Springer. Mrs. H. Springer,
Mr. I. Springer. Mr. and Mrs. M.
Springer, Mr. and Mrs. A. Springer, Mr.
and Mrs. H. Munter, Mrs. J. Gardner and
son, Mrs. and Mrs. B. Jacobs. Mr. and
Mrs. A. Schwartz. Mr. and Mrs. Joe Ja
cobs, Mr. and Mrs. B. Wacholder, Mr. and
Mrs. S. Robitseher, Mr. and Mrs. A.
Michaels, Mr. and Mrs. A. Mendelsohn,
Mr. and Mrs. A. Sideman, Mr. and Mrs.
L. L. Langley, Mr. and Mrs. K. Davidson.
Mr. and Mrs. 11. Welngarten, Mr. and
Mrs. L. Harris. Mr. and Mrs. E. Schul
man, Mr. and Mrs. A. Mamlock, Mr. and
Mrs. H. Arnheim, Mr. and Mrs. Gronosky,
Mrs. L. Chaskel of Portland, Mrs. E.
Langley, Mrs. L. Blank. Mrs. Conn. Mrs.
Hymes, Mrs. J. Harris, Mrs. N. Franken
berg, Mrs. N. Bernstein, Mrs. Joseph,
Mrs. J. F. Eaton of Aiaroeda, Mrs. J. Ja
cobs, Miss G. Munter, Miss C. Jacobs,
Miss Cohn, Miss R. Sanders, Miss B. San
ders, Miss Schuiman. Miss G. Wacholder,
Miss C. Langley, Miss F. Isaacs, Miss 11.
Chaskel of Portland, Messrs. B. Harris,
D. Harris, I. Baer, A. Meyer, K. New
man. Sol Saunders, 11. Kimball, J. Spring
er, E. SprrViger, A. Springer, S. Goldman,
Harry Langley, IT. Langley. I. Joseph, M.
Chalfen, H. Ochs, C. Werner, F. Levier,
M. Alexander, Dr. A. Nusbarn. L. Jacobs,
M. Lewis of the First Colorado Regiment,
A. Cohn of the First California Regi
ment.
On Tuesday evening, September 5. a
military party was given at the residence
of Mr. and Mrs. O. L. Fest. 1616 Turk
street. The rooms were prettily decorat
ed with Hags and smllax. At 10:30 the
guests repaired to the dining-room, where
refreshments were served. Those present
were: Sergeant Quartermaster R. R. Mc-
Gregor, Corporal Julian Kralmer, Corpo
ral T. Kruße, Alex Meyer. M. R. Kruse,
Company L. Charles D. Lowe, Company
1., First California Volunteers; Corporal
Charles Berryman, Colorado band; Cor
poral Orton T. Weaver, Corporal A. R.
Fischer, Louis Madison. Company B, and
Chester Brinkley, Company M. First Col
orado Volunteers; Mrs. Cook, T. Smith,
Misses Nina Cook. Aggie McGillan. Mar
gie McGlllan. Belle McGillan, Marie Co
ture, Jessie Kramer, Lennie Fcst, Mattie
L. Pest. Mr. and Mrs. O. L. Feat.
On Thursday evening, August 31, a re
ception was tendered to Thomas F. Sulli
van of Company B, First California Vol
unteers, on his returning home from Ma
nila, at the home of Mr. and Mrs. Mur
ray. 1G27 Devisadero street.
A reception was tendered to Mr. and
Mrs William J. Corcoran at their resi
dence, 4220 Twenty-fourth street, last Sat-'
urday evening. The parlors were hand
somely decorated with evergreens and
smllax and presented a picturesque ap
pearance. The evening was spent in sing
ing, dancing and games, after which ail
adjourned to the dining-room, where an
elegant repast was served.
An enjoyable party was given by Mrs.
L Gehrels to her daughter, Miss B.
Gehrels, at their home, '.<:■' Filbert street,
Thursday evening, the 7th inst. Games,
music and cakewalks wer<s indulged in,
greatly to the entertainment of the in
vited guests. The music rendered by
Misses B. Gchrels and L. Gehrels was
specially good, and the Cakewalk by
Messrs. Donovan and McMahon was ar
tistic. Those present wen: E. Frey, A.
Klarnet, B. Beany, A. Caglierl. A. Tiet
gon. L. Tlotgen, 11. Todt, L. Carter, M.
Goedirke. T. Sthlltter, D. Donovan, B.
Gleaiun, R. McMahon, W. Donovan, J.
Klarnet, P. Prouch, E. Abenhelm. C. Cav
agnaro. F. Mayno, W. Wef^s. H. Hlrch
felder, Mr. and Mrs. Silbersteln.
A very pleasant surprise party was giv
en to Mr. and Mrs. h. Boysen. at Shot
well street, near Eighteenth, in honor of
the twenty-fifth anniversary of their wed
ding. Those present were: Fred Boysen,
Miss Josie Boysen. Mr. and Mrs. L. C.
Boysen and son, Mrs. Brockmann, Miss
Brockmann, Mrs. Heltmann, Miss Annie
Heitmann, Mrs. D. Muller, Miss Lizzie
Muller, Miss Dora Muller, Mr. and Mrs.
J. F. Lunsmann, Mr. and Mrs. Charles H.
Lunsmann and children, J. H. Lunsmann,
THE SAN FRAJS CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1899.
|H. A. Lunsmann; Augr N. Lunsmann,
I Adolf Lunsmann, Mrs. M. Duer and chil
dren Mr. Denicke, Hy Dierks, Hermann
Dierks. John Brutt, Fred Mohrmann. Mr.
and Mrs. Glanders, Mrs. Van da Lubbe,
Mrs. Kuhlke, Mrs. Kuhlmann, Miss F.
Kuhlmann', Henry Kuhlmann, Mr. ana
Mrs. Schroder, Miss A. Schneider; John
Hegerhorst, Ana Mayer. Edward Bitter
Miss Johanas, Mrs. Donohue, Mr. and
Mrs. Baumann. Miss Annie Baumann,
Miss Louise and Minnie Baumann, Henry
and Fred Baumann. Mrs. Wanderer and
Miss Clara Wanderer.
An enjoyable surprise party was ten
dered to Mr. and Mrs. Henry Stelling by
their many friends Friday evening, bep
tember 1. Among those present were: i.lrs.
Todt, Mrs. Kommaycr. Mrs. Zecker, Mrs.
Palmer. Miss K. Todt. Miss B. Zecker,
Miss A Zecker^ Miss M. Doerr, Miss 1-.
Doerr Miss Bergfeld, Miss B. Fuendel
ine:. Miss D. Fuendeling, false E. Fuen
deHng, Miss X. Guillaume, Miss M. Gull
laume. Miss L. Kommayer, Miss H.
Kommayer, Miss C. McKinnon. E. Lutely.
E. Larson, L. i- Brinna. H. Schroeder,
G. Marshal. C. Cordes and C. Stelling.
The residence of Victor A.. Hancock, 29
Cajiji street, was stormed on the evening
of September 2 by a host of young visit
ors, who swarmed In without' the formal
ity of an invitation. These were the many
friends of Miss- Marguerite Baker, ..the
sister-in-law of Mr. Hancock, and the
occasion of the guests' visit was to give
the young lady a birthday surprise party.
Miss Baker had Just acquired legal age
; on this day and' the many who came were
I there for a good time, which they had.
After the usual congratulations the as
semblage proceeded to make themselves
at home with song, music and recitation*!.
A Cakewalk which Introduced Miss Marie
Hayden, Miss Mollfe Long and 1 Major T.
L. Pohl, all of whom were especially
dressed for the occasion, amused • the
company. Several select pieces from the
latest musical productions were rendered
by the Misses Marie and Sedrich Hayden.
Those who were present- were: Miss
Marie and Miss Sedrich Hayden, James
11. Scanlon. Mollie Long, J. F. Hancock,
Bertha Fakrenkrug, Miss Marie Dona
hue, Thomas H. Casey, Miss Ada Vera
Long. Thomas J. Moroney, Miss Julia
Donahue. Major T. L. Pohl. Marguerite
Baker, Miss Cora Long. Charles Morgan,
Joseph Garin, Miss Alice Kenney, Thomas
Gardner, J. H. Sheehan. Victor A. Han
cock, Gertrude Balser, Mrs. Mollie Han
cock and Mrs. Joseph Balser.
Last Sunday evening at her residence
on Guerrero street Mrs. Barbara M. Mc-
Carthy tendered a reception to her broth
er, J. J. Galvin, and his sons, Arthur and
Thomas Galvin, returned soldiers from
the Philippines. Patriotic selections fol
lowed a well appointed supper. Those
present were: Michael Torpey, Joseph
Murphy. »Mr. and Mrs. Michael Maguire,
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas W. Rivers. Miss
Helene Galvin. Miss Gertrude Murphy,
Mrs. Mary O'Brien, Miss Nellie McCarthy,
Mrs. Susie Galvin, Leo McCarthy, Miss
Katie Torpey. Victor McCarthy, Miss
Mary Adam, Frank Torpey.
Miss Grade Hammond was the recip
ient of a birthday party last Saturday
at her home, 540 Gough street. Mrs. C.
S. Hammond was assisted in entertain
ing the little folks by Mrs. Burdett and
Mrs. Henney and a very enjoyable after
noon was spent. mose present were*
Alice Bissett, George Bowen, Honey and
Leara Burdett, Amy Fretschl, Grace and
Lewellyn Hammond, Charles and Harri
son Hammond, Battle and Charles Hen
ney, Irene Marl burg, Alfarata Shepston
Hedwig Shoenfelrl. Willie Slaman. Lydia
and Wardie Walkup and Hattie W/>lf.
A most enjoyable party was tendered
William Foley at the residence of the
Misses Dexter. 369 Silver street. Satur
day evening. September 2, in celebration
of his home-coming from the Philippine
Islands, where he served with the Fir**-
California Regiment. Among those pres
ent were: Miss Jennie Dexter, William
Foloy. Miss May Dexter, Daniel Crowley
Joseph Nannery, Miss Lily Stevens Jos
eph Corrlgan, Miss Florence MoGee
Walter Curien. Miss Maggie Smith ' Mr.'
Huddleston, Miss Ida Gibson, Arthur Me'
Gee. Miss Louise Miller, Fred .Siebe M'ss
Pearl Parker. Harry B. Delmas ' Miss
Florence Gibson, Daniel McKell ° and
Ludwig Siebe.
Club Parties.
A reception ami banquet was given on
tho evening of August ."1. by the Elkhorn
Howling Club of this city, to one of us
members, John Koiiemann, sergeant Com
pany D, First Regiment of the just re
turned California Volunteers, at one of
the uptown popular rotl*MHes. Nine
teen of the twenty-five members sat
around the banquet table enjovinjr a
splendid repast with the necessary re
freshnients. Konemann'e answers to the
many questions put to him as to his ex
peri«ncM while at Manila and Negros
Island made it very Interesting. '
Out oF Town Parties.
A delightful bullshsad breakfast was
given at Ignacio, Sunday morning, by
Mr. and Mrs. Pacheco, in honor of
Eugene Don of Santa Clara. Among
those present were: Mr. and Mrs. White,
Mr. and Mrs. E. J. McGlvern, Mrs. Skel
ley. Salvador Pncheco, Mr. and Mrs Tan
foran. Mr. and Mrs. Valencia, Mrs. Boek
en, Mieseß White, Penelope Btandort
Brown. Mercle Pacheco, Gertrude Valen
cia, Messrs. Manell Hector and A. Can
tura, Boeken, Tanforan, Gable, Spencer
and Bretz.
In the Future.
The I.idle 3of the General German La
dies' Benevolent Society will give a grand
ball or. the 2Sth cf October In Odd Fellows'
Hall.
Invltatlonß will be issued shortly by
the members of the N. S. L. K. 10, for
their tenth anniversary reception to take
place, Tuesday evening, September 2t>
at Cotillon Hall.
The members of the Entre Nous Cotil
lon will commence their tenth season
with an assembly and german on Friday
evening, October 23. at the Palace Hotel.
Sailed Away.
Amnng those who galled on the st^am
siiip Alameda for Honolulu, Auckland and
Sydney on Wednesday. September 6th,
wore: Honolulu— P. Is". Beringer. W. M.
Buchanan, M. Campbell, H. J. Carls, A. J.
<'":its. Xi Nino Eddie. Miss M. Egan. Mips
C. Green. Miss Rhoda Green, Miss Emo
gene Hart, A. E. Hughes, G. Kaleikau,
Miss Mabel Lampman. G. A. Loring. Rob
ert Lov.-rie, Judge F. S. Lyman. Wm. M.
Maluku, E. E. Manheim. L. Marcus, Gap
ton Marcus and wife. Captain Matson, J.
T. McCrosson and wife, Miss McCros
son. Miss A. McCrosson, W. X. Norton,
Mrs. B. J. Parker and child, D. M. Ross,
Mrs. J. F. S^ott. J. Bllngerland. Miss E.
E. Stazubury, Mrs. Helen Theillen, Miss
Anna Taemen, D. F. Thrum and wife.
Miss J. Wores, Miss J. N. Wores. Auck
land-Miss Caroline J. Elton. G. E. 3a
bites, H. E. Harrington. H. P. Reed.
Sydney— John T. Arundel. Miss C. M. Bry
den. John Connolly, Mrs. Congar. Miss
r -ii-jr, Louis Conrad. Donald Cormaek,
T. Algernon Elwell and wife, George Gibb,
IX Hamilton. F. A. Holdsworth. S. C.
H.uvi 11 and wife, Henry Marquiset, Miss
Charlotte Me«-alfe, Mrs. W. H. Patton,
Miss Patton, Jos. Porter. David Ross,
J. Sharp and wife, W. J. Trehair, H. M.
York.
Prrsorjals.
Miss Kathryn Ford and Miss Lizzie Mc-
Carthy have returned after a pleasant so
journ with Mrs. E. D. Thompson of Wat
sonville.
Miss Amanda To res i. Mr. and Mrs. V.
Ten-si and Miss Charlotta Tcresi have re
turned to the city after a protracted so
journ at the springs and mountains in
Sonoma County.
Mrs. Jullen Brock hap removed from 1023
Dtvipadero street to 2130- Post street and
will be at home on the second and third
T.hursdayß.
Mrs. I. J. Anatz nf 2527 Howard street
has left with her children on an extended
visit to Biggins' ranch, Sonoma county.
Miss M. tiwitiiei of 832 Sutter street has
left for New York.
Miss Anna Lehnert has returned to her
home. 1135 Bush street, after a very pleas
ant summering in Xew York, Boston and
adjoining cities.
James M. Goewey Jr. recently left for
an extended trip abroad.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Christie, formerly
of 214 Franklin street, have moved into
the new home they recently had built at
777 Cole street. At home second Wednes
day.
Mrs. H. H. Ihnen has gone to Pacific
Grove us a delegate from the Richmond
M. E. Church.
Mrs. Jules Arion of 1227 Geary street
will be at home the second Monday of
every month.
Mr. and Mrs. Nathan Abraham will re
ceive their friends to-day (Sunday) at
their residence, IL'M Eddy street.
Mrs. M. Cohen of Seattle is here and will
be pleased to see her friends at the resi
dence of her sister. Mis. M. A. Livingston,
on Tuesday afternoon, September 12, at
SIS Octavia street.
Mr. and Mrs. Lachman have removed
from :&1 Oak street to 677 McAllister.
Mr. and Mrs. Nathan Abraham (nee Al
tell) will receive their friends on Sunday,
September 10, at their residence, 1254 Eddy
street.
Mrs. I. GunzburKPr of 1617' i Webster
street has removed to ISO 7 Sutter, Dear
Webster, and will be pleased to see her
friends on Mondays.
Mis. A. A. Stafford of Alameda wo J
be pleased to receive her friends at her
new home. 1042 Santa Clara avenue, next
Saturday afternoon, from 2 to 5 o'clock.
Mrs. E. E. Stomls of Los Angeles is vis
iting friends in Haywards.
D. Becker and daughters, Minna and
Emma, ar<> spending a month in Lake
County, visiting the various springs.
Tli" following passengers sailed for
Europe on* the Hamburg American line
steamship Augusta Victoria September 7:
Mrs James A. Robinson. Miss Elena Rob
inson, Miss M. A. Lattaillade. Miss Mary
V. Beans, TVlip.s F. L. Beans. Miss Miller,
Mrs. O. P. yon Rhein. Mrs. G. W. Luce,
Miss Mabel Luce. Master Roy Luce. Mrs.
C. L. Hansen. Mies H. Brown.
On the Hamburg American line steam
ship Pennsylvania the following- sailed:
August Waldenmeier. Mrs. August Wal
denmeier. Miss Bertha Waldpiimeler, Miss
Auguste Waldenmeier. Mrs. A. Nordmann.
Mrs. H. Larsen. H. Larsen and child, Miss
Bertha Pohl. Frederick W. Helms. Miss
M. Braun. ,_• .
Mr. and Mrs. I* Ancker of 381 Oak street
have removed to 677 McAllister.
Mme. Billoni Zifferer has returned from
the country and will reside far the winter
at the Hotel Pleasanton.
Los Angeles.
Now that the hot weather Is practically
over the society folk of Los Angeles are
returning from mountain and sea and so
cial events are becoming more frequent.
The outlook for the winter season is very
bright, and In a few week^ Los Angeles
society will again keep upTts reputation
for brilliant entertainments.
Mr. and Mrs. Sheldon Borden enter
tained at dinner complimentary to their
house guest Captain Edward Winston Of
the Nineteenth Infantry, who will soon
join his regiment in Manila. The other
guests were: Mr. and Mrs. Willoughby
Rodman, Mr. and Mrs. R. H. Hay Chap
man, Mr. and Mrs. Sumner P. Hunt, Mrs.
M. M. Burnett, Miss Emma Graves, Miss
Cahart and W. S. Burnett and Robert
Cahart.
Mesdames Abbot Klnney. W. H. Hay
Chapman and J. Addison Smith were the
hostesses of a fancy dress ball given at
the Doria, Santa Monica, on Wednesday.
The house was very artistically decorated
with geraniums, cannas and potted plant ß ,
and the national colors were gracefully
draped about. The guests, who numbered
about one hundred, were all artistically
dressed, and the whole affair was one or
the most successful of the many which
have been given during the summer sea
eon.
The marriage of Mies Mary E. Apablasa
to Peter Joseph Conley was celebrated at
9 o'clock on Wednesday at the cathedral.
I The ceremony was performed by Bishop
Montgomery in the presence of a large
number of friends and relatives of the
bride and groom. The bride, who is the
daughter of Mrs. I. A. Sepulveda, was
handsomely dressed in duchess satin
trimmed with chiffon, orauge blossoms,
; lace and pearl ornaments. She wore a tule
i veil caught with orange blossoms, and
I carried a bouquet of white carnations tied
with broad satin ribbon. Miss Florence
Canfkld acted as maid of honor and
■ Misses Hazel Shafer, battle Labory. Fay
i Lewis and Conehita Apablasa, a sister of
the bride, acted as bridesmaids. L. E.
I Meyer was best man and Messrs. Salter,
I Edgerton. Williams aaid Adkinson ushers.
Elrte Brinkman was ringbearer, and two
little sisters of the bride, Lita and Lav
! Rita, were flower girls. After the cere
mony an elaborate wedding breakfast was
served at the residence of the bride's
mother in South Grand avenue, where the
entire house was beautifully decorated
in carnations, ferns, roses and ribbons.
Mr. and Mrs. Conley left for an extended
trip to the northern part of the State,
and on their return will make their home
in Lob Angeles.
The Newman Club gave its fourth
monthly dinner in the banquet -room at
Jerry lllich's restaurant on Thursday.
About thirty members and guests were
present.
Mrs. W. H. Brodbock entertained at
luncheon Thursday in honor of her moth
! er, Mrs. W. A. ('hick. All the guests
| were formally residents of Aurora, 111.
! The table was artistically decorated with
I pink carnations, ferns and satin ribbons
lof pink and green. The guests were:
! Mesdames W. J. Boyle. A. J. Cobb, E.
Ropseau, S. C. Heaton, E. R. Orandon, A.
Crtswell. Kate Brodbeck, Blaisdell, Lucy
Curtis and Miss Brodbeck.
Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Washburn enter
! talne.l at dinner Friday in honor of Rev.
! and Mrs. Edwin Hurt Jenks. The table
i was beautifully decorated with ferns and
' red carnations and the lights were shaded
] with rose color. Besides the guests of
i honor there were present: Mr. and Mrs.
J. A. Muir, Mr. and Mrs. Frank Flint,
Mrs. G. A. Danskin and Mrs. William
Washburn.
Ernest Tanner. West Thirty-first street,
i entertained at dinner Friday In honor of
I Edward Off, prior to his departure for
Chicago, where he goes to be married.
The table decorations were of ferns and
pink carnations and ribbons. Covers were
laid for eight.
Mrs. Allan Muir, South Workman
street, entertained with a matinee party
on Friday. She was assisted in receiving
by her sisters, Mrs. w. 11. Roberta and
Miss Grace Boal. The rooms were decor
ated with roses and pott«<l ferns, and
•■ the veranda, where refreshments were
: served, was inclosed with smilax and
i decorated with ferns and carnations. The
guests were: Mesdames J. A. Muir. F. W.
Bteddom, K. 11. Boal, I. A. Jamison, W.
A. Clark. Homer Lapp, W. J. Melntyre,
! Alice Cooley, L. Gates, A. M. Jamison,
William Muir, William Keppenstall, A. A.
Lester, F. Atkinson, H. Aylesworth and
the Miss, s Cole and Boal.
Mayor Fred Eaton has returned from
the north, where he spent his vacation.
Most of the time he was in San Fran
■ cisco, where he assisted in welcoming tne
California troops.
Miss Violet Putton, the Southern Cali
i fornla champion in ladles' singles, is in
' Del Monte, where she will try for the
I championship at the tennis tournament
i to be played there.
Dr. George W. Lasher and Dr. F. W.
I Steddom have returned from Sierra Coun
] ty, where they spent three weeits In flsh
j ing and hunting.
Judge York Is spending a few days at
| Terminal Island.
\V. J. \Vashburn, president of the Bank
of Commerce, and wife are enjoying a
ten days' stay at La Jolla, San Diego
| County.
Mr. and Mrs. R. L. Craig are at Cata
linn for a ten days' outing.
Miss Edna Bragg of Little Rock. Ar-
I knnsas. is visiting Dr. Weeks and family
] of 1324 Newton avenue.
Mr. L. Redpath of the Herald has re
turned from his vacation at Redondo.
C. N. Earl has returned from Ventura
County, where he has been sojourning
for the past two weeks.
Mrs. F W. Steddom and Miss Ida Need
ham of Glendora spent several days last
week at Santa Monica.
Dr. W. W. Beckett and family have re
turned from Catalina, where they had a
most enjoyable outing of a week.
Mrs. H. M. Sale, one of the most ardent
entertainers at Terminal Island during
the summer, has returned to Los Angeles
Mrs. W. W. Hitchcock and daughter.
Miss Mac, have returned from Terminal
Island, where they spent the summer.
Carlos Brausby, teacher of Spanish in
the High School, has returned from Cat
alina Island, where he spent part of his
vacation.
Miss Daisy Bell of South Figusroa
street has returned from Santa Monica,
where she whs the guest of her sister
Mrs. Frank Walsh, who is spending the
summer there.
Little Bessie Buskirk of Los Angeles
the child actress of the Modjeska com
pany, was the guest of Madame Modjes
ka at Hotel del Coronado during the past
week. The niadamo is very fond of h«r
ADVERTISEMENT S.
ANOTHER SPECIAL SALE
. . OP . .
LADIES' KID GLOVES !
On August 19 we placed on sale 100 dozen LADIES' KID
GLOVES at 50 cents per pair. These gloves, which represented
"a manufacturer's job," were marked at 50 per cent below usual
cost and were entirely sold out during the ensuing week. We now
beg to announce to our friends and the public that we have
placed on sale another similar "manufacturer's job," numbering
205 dozen of LADIES' KID GLOVES, all sizes, in brown, gray,
tan and black colors, at 5O cents per pair.
BLACK I>«KSS (iOODS- 60-inch fine all-wool English
serge, extra heavy, suitable for tailor suiting, extra special
at Jp1.25 per yard. French Crepons. in a large variety of
designs, positively a bargain, at $1.25 per yard.
COI^ORa-J* DKIMS tiOOJDS — All-wool Venetians, 36 inches
wide, 5O cents per yard.
ZIBELIN and CAMELS' HAIR PLAID, 36 inches wide, 50
cents per yard.
1O pieces TAJBI-E DAMASK-64 inches wide, pearl white,
all pure linen, heavy and substantial, very special at 50 cents
per yard.
9O doz. 3-J diKKHA.I *' A l»l4l^S— Half bleached, dinner size,
extra heavy and durable, very special at $1.25 per dozen.
!F!F Murphy Building, /
Cor. Market, Jones and McAllister Sts.
youthful protege, who is known among,
the madam's friends as her French doll. .
B A Cecil Stephens, an old-time jour- |
nalist 'of Southern California after an
absence of six years has , rec e ntl > JT
turned here to again engage In the news
paper business. During Mr. Stephens
absence he spent one year in the Klon
dike and when the war broke out he
! formed a company and offered nib ser
vices to the country, but at that time
they liiul sufficient troops and besides
didn't care to take any from the Terri- ,
Miss Cleme Griffin, who has been visit- ,
I ing friends in South Pasadena, has re- j
I turned to her home.
Mr and Mrs. J. R. Hamilton and fam
; ily who have been residing at 110 Downey
avenue, have removed to Newton avenue, i
Dr. W. H. Roberts of Pasadena, for
merly of Los Angeles, has gone to Chi
cago to take a post graduate course in
medicine.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Bond Francisco have j
; returned from the mountains, where they j
spent the summer. Mr. Francisco will
soon open an academy of art in the
Blanchard bulldinp.
Miss Lillian Bell of South Figueroa
street is in Santa Monica visiting her sis
ter. Mrs. Frank Walsh, for the remainder |
of the summer.
One of the most important society !
events of the season will be the double j
wedding which will take place on the 14th ;
inst.. the contracting parties being Miss j
Henrietta Heinzeman and J. O. Oashem
and Miss Agusta Heinzeman and Pro
fessor Edwin H. Clark.
Mrs. J. Toney Connor and Miss Olive
| Percival left Saturday for their second
trip through Mexico.
Mrs. D. Gotthelf has returned from her :
! European trip.
Miss Jette Thorn is in New York City
i visiting friends.
Hen. Stephen M. White, wife and child
i ar>' .it Lake Tahne for a few days.
Mr. and Mrs. T. Frank McGrath left
I Saturday for Chicago, where they will
visit relatives, leaving there for New I
York, where they expect to arrive in I
time for the Dewey celebration and in- i
ternational yacht race. They will return
the latter, part of October.
Dr. and Mrs. W. L. Graves, South Fig- ;
i ueroa street, announced the engagement j
of their daughter. Miss Emma Graves, |
to "William A. Strong of this city.
"L. E. Mosher of the Times and family
| have returned from Santa Monica.
Postoffice Inspector Motley Flint and
I wife have returned from San Francisco.
Mr. and Mrs. Griffith J. Griffith, Bon j
and niece. Miss Mary Mesmer, have re- j
turned from Santa Monica.
General Sherman has returned from i
the north.
Mr. nnd Mrs. Willis A. Bowe of Los '
Aiift'ps have issued invitations to the j
rrmriage of their daughter Maude to
Clyde 11. Abbott. The wedding will take
Sea SSathing and the
Complexion*
33y 97? me. 3fc/geia,
«7 HAPPENED to pass through the
bathing suit department of one of the
I! downtown shops a few days since Just
at the time when a particularly tempt
ing lot of bathing suits were being dis
posed of at really bargain prices. I pledge
you my word the women were clustered
about that counter as thick as flies about
a molasses jug, and chattering like so
many magpies. Believing a riot to be
imminent I gathered up my skirts and
elbowed my way out of the crowd as has
tily as possible, but not before the
thought had occurred to me that a few
words for the special benefit of the maid
en who Is still butterflying away the days
at the seashore would not be amiss in this
column.
There Is no tonic in the world equal to
a salt sea bath. A dip into the briny
deep is not only delightfully refreshing.
but it is invigorating and strengthening
to the body as well, providing the sub
ject be robust. It is particularly benefi
cial to women who are inclined to obe
sity, tut the thin, nervous girl should in
dulge In moderation. An aching head,
fatigue and blue linger nails are the sig
nals that she has been in the water long
enough, and she should at once hast-en
out.
Statements to the contrary notwith
standing, .^ea bathing is destructive to the
complexion and will also play havoc with
silky tresses unless precautions are taken.
To leave salt water on the fare. neck,
arms and hands will certainly prove dis
astrous. Therefore a cold, fresh shower
should always follow the plunge. If this
is not available then have a bowl of fresh
water In your dressing-room and sponge
Oil with it before getting into your clothes.
If a pure cold cream Is rubbed into the
Bkin as soon as possible after this rins
ing tan or sunburn will be less likely to
make 'he skin unsightly.
Another thing. Before entering the wa
ter be careful to wet the hands, face, neck
and chest. If this precaution is neglected
the blood is liable to rush to the head
and disfigurements in the shape of red
blotches may be left on the face.
Sometimes an ugly little crop of erup
tions will appear after a bath in the surf.
When this happens it is a pretty sure in
dication that salt water does not agree
with that person, and the bath should
not be repeated.
Some women have an idea that when
taking a sea bath every day the fr. ?h
water ablutions can be dispensed with.
This is altogether wrong. Cleanliness
like virtue, is its own reward, and in the
bathtub, with a good, firm flesh brush,
plenty of fresh warm water and soap will
be found a rapid transit line to beauty.
When taking your swim in the ocean
do not let the salt water get into your
hair if you wish to keep it fluffy and nice.
You can easily prevent this by wearing
a rubber cap and exercising a little care.
If the hair does get mcflstened despite
precautions, then it must be shampooed
afterward and carefully dried, and no
mischief will be done.
A delightful cream to be used after
coming out of the surf, or, In fact, at any
time, is the following:
CUCUMBER CREAM.
Take two rather ripe cucumbers. Wash
carefully and slice very thin without re
moving the green outer skin. Place be
tween two plates, bo that the juice will
drain from them. Let stand over night
and strain through muslin. Melt twenty
grains of white wax In a porcelain ket
tle, and add to it two ounces of the very
best oil of sweet almonds. Remove from
tha fire and add half an ounce of roae-
?i™K at ,| :3 ° ° c lock on the evening of Sep
tember V* at , th £ First Baptist Church,
corner of Eighth and Elower streets, Los
Angeles. At the conclusion of the cere
mony the happy couple will take the
northbound train for Berkeley, their fu
ture home, whore Mr. Abbott" is en a ed
In business.
fit the Resorts.
GILROY— following quests have re -:«.
tered at Giiroy Hot Springs during the past
week: William Bercovich, T. P. de Barber,
San Jose; Gottlich Relchstetter, Sergeant J T
JJonovan, Judge A. B. Tread well. F. Fopete
Mrs. Charles Lehmann. Miss S. Lehmann,
Miss J. Lehmann, Sergeant John Mooney, D.
cv^' a l>P - J - R >' an - F - w - Bugles, August
Schleicher C. M. Beck, Pan Francisco; Charles
B Pollard, New York; T. O. Kelly and wife,
Colma; Sam Hooper. Ireland; John A Laird,
James E. Kanaely, Marshal White, Giiroy; ,
Mrs. B. F. Strati San Felipe; Frank Bar
rett-and family. Julia S. Barrett, Annie Bar
rett, Palo Alto: Emll E. Farnsworth and son,
f>. J. Smith, Carson City; H. M. Wreden, wife
and daughter.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS- Following are the
arrivals for the past week at Paraiso: Mrs P
Crowley, Miss Josephine Crowley, Theodore
V\ f-hr, Mrs. M. de Forest, J. M. Dwver. Miss
Kate Crowley, P. Crowlev. Master Horace
Amphlett. R. R. Ritchie, Edward Holland, Mi? 3
Amelia Bahrs. Miss Julie Bahrs. Mrs. E W
Holland, San Francisco; Victor Canhape, Ed
ward J. Bennett, John A. Woodward, San Jose-
Mr, and Mrs. George Seltz, Mrs. J. Burke
WatsonvlHe; Ed E. Holbrock, Ira L Ramgdell,
Holllster; B. F. Gould, Mission Soledad; Rev.
P. Farrell, Gonrales; T. J. Field, Monterey;
J. T. Perrault, Guatemala; E. A. C. Long,
Happy Valley.
HIGHLAND . SPRINGS— Recent arrivals at
Highland Springs are: \V. R. Harvey, wife and
child. San Francisco: Dr. H. E. Mailer, wife
and child. .T. H. Dieckmann, Miss Dieckmann,
Oakland; Mrs. A. Hassey, A.. A. Plunkett,
W. V. Hopkins. San Francisco; Mrs. R. A.
Sparks and family, EHxon; Colonel Gain-es
Lawson, Pasadena; Hon. F. M. Angellotti, San
Rafael; J. H. Goldsmith and wife, Robert
White and n-Jfe. San Francisco; W. C. Tiehe,
Madera; M. de Martin, A. J. Bloom, Petaluma;
Mrs. A. S. Klnsey, G. H. Kinsey. San Fran
cisco; H. F. Eber and family, San Leandro:
Miss Viola Piereey, San Francisco; Mrs. L. M.
Hayes, F. A. Braun. Oakland: G. M. Franks
and wife, San Francisco; C. Faust, Haywards;
Mrs. E. Hlrchler, Miss Sachs, Miss Carrie
Sachs, San Francisco; Mrs. Norman Rideout,
Mrs. Kimball. MarysvHle; G«orge Horn, Ma
dera: Miss Laura Meyers. Dixon; Edward S.
Oakley, Thomas Madden, Thomas Murray. Mr«.
T. J. Drury, J. T. Barnes, J. T. Dimbleley. San
Francisco; William Heyer, Oakland ; William
J. Raymon, San Francisco; Miss Mabel Kal
loch. Miss Alice Healy, Los Angeles; Eugene
Korn, San Francisco; Miss S. R. Liebke, Mrs.
R. C. Greer, St. Louis, Mo.; James McCul
lough and wife. Mrs. J. E. Hopkins, F. B.
Cavarly, San Francisco; Warren Green and
wife, Preston; William McClellan, San Fran
cisco.
. ♦ .
Opening over we are down to solid busi
ness. Fair hats for fair women at fair
prices. "Keith's," SOS Market street. *
water and the juice of the cucumbers,
warming these very slightly if the day
happens to be cool. Beat with a silver
spoon or fork, and when a whitish mass
begins to form add two or three drops
of oil of rose. This cream should ba
fluffy and white. It is particularly ni« a
for tan or sunburn.
Arjswcrs to Correspor)der)ts.
HOPELESS SINNER— I really cannot
answer your question in this department.
I am chary of giving advit?e in such mat
ters, anyway, but ir you will send me a
stamped, addressed envelope I will give
you ray opinion on the subject.
MARY SIN'BAD— If you will apply a lit
tle lemon juice to tlmsp brown spots on
your hands, let It dry on and then use a
little cold cream It will whiten them
nicely. The cold cream, formula for which.
Is given in to-<lay's Beauty Talk, will be
found to be a splendid bleach. The fol
lowing process Is said to bo a quick way
of wintering the hands. You might try
it: Rub them well at night for three
nights in succession with airnond o!l and.
then cc^er them with as much tine chalk
as they will take. I expect this would,
be moro effectual if a large pair of gloves
were »irn over nifjht.
OYPSY QUEEN I am Forry. but I
haven't a good formula for liquid pow
der. Massage the hollows in the ne<'lc
with equal parts of lanolin, cocoa butter
and COCOanut oil melu-d together. Or
ange flower skin food Is the best all
round skin food you could possibly find.
The use of the skin food and powder will
not enlarge the pores of the skin, par
ticularly if the face is well scrubbed with
a complexion brush, warm water and cas
tile soap every ni»ht before retiring.
VOI'TH-I wisli, you would try the cu-^
cumber cream, formula for which is given y
in to-day's Beauty Talk. T know you will
find it delightful. Do not attempt to re
move the TUJKf from your face. Those
things are beat left severely alone. Out
of-door exercise Is the best thing to put
into the cheeks. Or it may be that
you need an iron tonic to increase tha
number of red corpuscles in your bloo.l.
I would not advise you to do anything
more to the hair at the back of the neck
than to brush it up persistently.
Madar.ie Neergraard, pupil of St. Genaaln,
scientific palmist; reading:, by mail. $1: otHcm
hours 1 to 8 p. m. 616 Oeary st., above Jones:
cias9«s.
"When . Mrs. Nettie
Harrison's 4-day Hair
ffW Tfl Restorer ■ will bring
■ «■/ Wfim _ _ _ . back: the natural col-
m/u/ El M / or Gray or faded hair
s/'W B I m/ restored permanently
II HB W without inconvenience
I I H-* T and with no disagree-
<a/ able after effects. Not
a dye; is cleanly;
leaves no sediment,
Ba -and'doe3 not make tha
Sj » — ; hair sticky. All drug-
|««f /3 gists sell It at $1.00.
| ■ |Tj Superfluous Hair
"^^/ Removed permanently
by the Electric Needle
as operated by me.
Iff* 5| 17 Mrs, Settle Harrison..
11 I £\ W . DERMATOLOGIST, jj 1
J - 41-42 Sear] St., Sao Francises /ADVEBTISEMENTS. V^
♦ ,t. , ■;■ » .;. ♦ .}■ ♦ .t. , .;. * .;. , .;,  .. > .|,».|. # .|.^.4.^.^.^.^. > , !l> ,|, » x- ♦■!■♦ ■!■♦■!■ -I- ♦•!•♦♦
I GOLDEN &ATE CLOAK & IT HOUSE,
♦ 1230, 1232, 1234 MARKET STREET.
♦ -.-■•■»
S ARRIVAL OF NEW GOODS.
i
i \~% ,J% 1 TAILOR ' MADE SUITS.
X Str' V ' f?ffP Elegant and exclusive styles,
<^^ Jl£,A perfect fitting, high-class tailoring,
i* <"-,r '. ' <^$^L a * ver y ' 0W p nCes
*♦ M^^ ~ Prices> $15 to $60
-?^^lo& FURS FURS
4. ""iffi? -£■' U JLj V Retailed at wholesale prices.
t rJO?k £sStik, SPECIAL THIS WEEK.
♦" > • j&^^k^asi i^f^t^^ Electric Seal Astrakan Yoke
f ;ppgw Collarettes, 85.00, $5.50.
*.L*L_S — -■^gug- 'v^. t ,r^*^- 1 Electric Seal Astrakan Yoke
i • Capesat $10, $12.50 $15.
♦, Red Alaska Seal Collarettes at $10 and $15
I JACKETS. JACKETS,
V
.£ The very newest, made by competent tailors, the pink of perfection,
♦_ at our well known popular prices $5 to $35
I CAPES. CAPES.
♦ The latest styles in GOLF, CLOTH, SILK, VELOUR and PLUSH-
? $5 to $50.
4 MISSES' AND CHILDREN'S CAPES, in great variety
I $2.50 to $10
1 NEW SILK AND WOOL WAISTS at very low prices.
♦
KNIGHTS OF HONOR
ENJOY AN OUTING
SPENDING ADMISSION DAY IN
LOS GATOS GROVE.
The Members of the Order and
Friends Entertained by Citizens
of Santa Clara Valley.
It took fourteen cars of the broad-gauge
line yesterday to convey the Knights of
Honor of San Francisco and Alameda
County and their friends to Los Gatos,
Santa Clara County, where they cele
brated Admission day by a picnic and
barbecue in I»s Gatos grove, one of the
very pretty spots in Santa Clara Valley.
There were nearly 900 persons on the
train, who, after a two hours' ride, were
landed within easy walking distance of
the grove. They were met by the citi
zens of Los Gatos, who bid the visitors
welcome^ and invited them to partake of
delicious steaks iked on an immense
gridiron in the open air, and of sweet
(-■urn.
After lunch there was the distribution
of a number of useful gate prizes, after
which Grand Assistant Dictator Ben
I. Salomon, chairman of the committee
of arrangements, delivered a short ad
diess, thanking the people of Los Gatos
for their kind '"■■;• lon. He was fol
lowed by Grand Dictator Prescott L.
Archibald] who In a few words explained
the work of the Knights of Honor, and
stated that in their twenty-six years of ex
istence they had distributed to t.ie bene
ficiaries of deceased members the cum
of $i~.'X>O.onrt, and (11,000,000 for the relief
of sick members. •
An hour was then devoted to dancing
on the platform under the shade of wide
spreading trees, and then followed the
races, with the following results:
Boys' race— by Syl O'Brien. 1784 Ellis
Street: second. J'.ert Houston, 313 Folsom street.
Girls' race — fVarl Maraales, Los Gatos; Lor
etta Archibald. 429 Turk street
Ynung men's rac«— Ed Stone, Los Gatos;
James Webster, ISI2 Pacific avenue.
Young ladies' race— Lottie Xeale, 2003 San
Uruuo road.
Fat men's raeo— N*. "Weynerosky, 210H Perry
street: C. F. l Iraeber, 6.14 Post street.
Married ladies' race— w P. Archibald.
2*2 Valencia street: Mrs. M. Berran, 2323 Post
street.
Knißhts of Honor race— .T. Denny of Terba
Buena Lodge, 2:.2 Van Ness avenue; M. F.
U;anoh.nr<l of Anchor Lodge. 644 Sanchez street.
Fat ladies' race— Miss G. Weinbers;, 856 Clem
entina •■•: Miss J. E. Kitzpatrick, ISO Perry
etreet.
Standard broad Jump — Thomas Johnston, Ben
I. Salomon of Liberty Lodge.
High Jump— Thomas Johnston, G. W. Gep
pert, 532 Linden street.
The events closed with "cock fight*."
The contestants entered In pairs with
arms folded, and hopping on the right
foot knocked one another with their el
bows until one or the other forced his op
r.'.nfnt to rest his left foot on the ground.
Peter Kromberg of 1614 Turk street was
the winner of this contest.
There was an extra race for boys and
girls, and these were won by Charles
Johnson and Willie Eubanks. of Los
Gatos. and Clara Fex and Lottie Cramer,
of this city.
During the afternoon Miss Clara Fex
nitertained the excursionists with popu
lar Bongs.
E. B. Thayer of Iceland Stanford Lodge
upon arrival at the grove released three
homing pigeons with a message announc
ing tho safe arrival of the excursionists
to A. Rosa on Albion avenue.
At half-past 5 o'clock the band mem
bers. after having played several dance
numbers, gave three cheers for the peo
ple of Los Gatos, three more for Cali
fornia, and returned to the waiting train.
Bible Class Meeting
rh« Bible class which waa organized
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and- Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COIWPAN V
■{42 to 250 Geary Street. Above Powell
PERIODICALS. BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
T COAL. COKK AND PIG IRON.
Jr H'll CAM £. rti 900 Battery Street.
t W ILSU!N 4 tU- > Telephone Main 18M.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. BLYTH, Mgr.
CB CMITH Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
• TT- J.MiIH. and Ship Work a Specialty. 16
and 18 Washington at. Telephone Main (ML
FRESH AND SALT MEATS-
JASJBOYES& CO , $%*&'%&%!"
JAj DUILJUtU , day. Tel. Main 1»4.
FURS.
Ji; I flF^TAll ' 4 X -» r "y •*•• upitsir*. Llt#tt
J. 11. LVrjIHU, styles, lowest price*, remodeling.
IR )N FOUNDERS.
WESTERN FOUNDRY, R^ & o ' n y t
Bt Cas- ngs of Every Description Mad* to
Order. Tel. Black ISOG. ; '
PAPER DEALERS.
H'll I AMFTTP PULP AND PAPER CO.
VULLAIUCIIE 722 Montgomery street
PRINTING.
En HUGHES, m PRINTER, r. •
t nIUnCJ. 611 Sansume st , a. F.
THE HICKS- JUDD CO , 55gjg^» *£%
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
18 PARTRIDGE *" SgSg""
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, NE g LA^
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. r.t Its GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES, is the Beat Coal In the
Market. Ufllco and Yards— i£o Main street.
last spring at the sug-g-estion of D. Tsli
Moody will resume its sessions n<>w that"
the summer vacation is over. The first
meeting of the class will be held next
Tuesday evening at s o'clock at the Young
Men's Christian Association Auditorium.
Rev. -W. H. Bell, D.1)., will again have
charge as lecturer. Tills class is Intended
as a help to all students of the English
Bible., and especially to Blble-teacners.
It is open to both men and women anil
free to the public.
NATIVE SON VOLUNTEERS.
A Banquet to Be Given and One That
Was Given by Local Parlors.
Next Tuesday evening National Parlor
of thf> Native Soup will Rive a banquet
to its soldier members. The following will
be the guests of honor, all members of the
First California, except three: Lieuten
ant-Colonel Charles Bo acton, Major Chas.
Tllden, Captain Otto Huber, Company I:
First Lieutenant Charles E. Thompson,
Company (i; First Lieutenant Herman
Huber,. battery ydjutant; Second Liei
r W. X. Swasey, Company <J: Fust
Sergeant Phil J. Newman, Company «;;
Drum Major John yon Stader, Company
I. Sergeant Frank L. McNally, Company
<i; Private w. L. Eiagerman, Company <i.
First California Volunteers; Private Harry
Harper, Battery A, California Heavy
Artillery: Corporal Nlckolas Madsen,
Company a, Eighth California Volunteer
Regiment; Second Lieutenant Ed Schnut
enhaus Jr., Fourteenth Infantry, U. S. A.
Committee on Banquet John Dispaux I
(chairm&n), P. (i. dv l'y. 11. F. Lilken
day, I>. K. Munl^n, A." K. Vaughn, F.
Glocker, D. F. Nunan, K. Matthenson, R.
L. Raiike.
The members of Presidio Parlor. X. S.
G. W - iast Thursday
nig-ht ;it the Occidental restaurant to the
six members of thfir parlor v.h<> recently
returned with the First Regiment of Cali
fornia Volunteers from the Philippine Isl
ands. Tiny were given a penuini Native
Sons' reception. Speech-making was in
dulge-*] in, the soldiers related tnc.r expe
riences, and other members expressed
th^ir appreciation of the volunteers' cour
age to have- s.t aside their daily pur
suits to go to the front in defense of tho !
country.
LIEUTENANT AND PRIVATE.
Reception Tendered by Social Council
Chosen Friends to Members.
I^ast Friday night th.; banquet hall In
the Native Sons' building was crowded
with rm-ml^rs of Social Council No. 46 of
the Order of Chosen Friends and their
Invited guests-, who had assembled to ten
der a reception to two of tho s • > l r 1 i^- r mem
bers of the council. Lieutenant Charles
E. Goodell and Private Henry P». Hilton
of Company C First California Volun
teers. A special guest was Captain Den
nis Geary of the California Heavy Artil
lery. The programme. und.T the direction
of Mrs. K. A. Adams, chairman of th»
committee of arrangements. Includi <\
words of welcome by W. WL Sullivan,
councilor of Social Council; reply l>v
Lieutenant Goodeil and Private Hilton;
address by Captain Geary; vocal BOloe by
Mrs. H. Sorensen. J. Bloom, Mrs. \". h
Armacost and Hugh N. Callander; reci
tations by Joseph Goodman. Mi.-s Carrie
Purcell and Aubery M. Vat.s. and spe
clalties by Miss Victoria Orr. After that
there was a programme of twelve dances.
Hibernians at Harbor View
Division NO. 2 of the Ancient Order of
Hibernians held a family reunion at Har
bor View yesterday. The attendance was
good and there was no discount on the
programme or on the fun of those who
had the pleasure of participating. There
was dancing in the big pavilion and on
the platform on the outside, where the
good old Irish jigs and sailor hornpipe
music kept the enjoyment moving. Prom
inent among those who aided in making
the event a pleasant feature were Judge
M. Cooney, Vice President M. F. Donleavy
and Secretary T. 1.. Clancy. Assisting
these were the following committees and
the officers of the division:
Bartly Lee. president; M. F. Donleavy, vice
president; M. C. Gorham, treasurer; T. L. I
Clancy, recording secretary; M. Uolan, financial
secretary: John Kenny, chairman social com
mittee; Dr. T. F. Brennan, medical examiner.
Committee of arrangements— M. C. Gorham.
chairman; William P. Harmon, secretary; T.
J. Mellott, treasurer; P. J. Mcehan, James
Smith, M. F. Donleavy, T. L.. Clancy.
Reception committee — Bartly Lee, chairman;
Judge Cooney, John Kenny, Francis Cornyn,
Bartly Keville. J. J. Meehan, Captain Wren,
John McFadden, John Devany, T. J. Norton;
M. Nile*. Bernard Higglns, M. Farrell, San
Jose.
Floor committee— Thomas B. Crowley, floor i
director; assistants, T. J. Mellott, J. J. Mogan, i
Thomas Conroy, John T. Connolly, P. F. Rellly,
John Casey, M. Casey.
Committee on games— Captain Sheehey, chair
man; C. Rodden, John Kllcullen. Hugh Dono
hue, John McFadden. John Marmn. Edward
Mach-ry. Charles Kelly, Charles Dillon.
Committee on Jib and reel dancing— John |
Kenny, chairman; Judge Cooney. Samuel I
Qulnn, John Devany, J. C. Sheehan, Peter |
McArdle. :\ . .
Committee on Cakewalk— Michael Dolan,
chairman; M. C. Gorham, Francis Cornyn,
Luke Tally, M. McOee.
Sherwood Circle.
Sherwood Circle of the Companions of
the Forest had a good attendance last
Thursday .night at Its social dance In
the social hall of the Foresters' building.
There was a good programme of dances
and the young folks enjoyed themselves
hugely Between dances there were sev
eral vocal and Instrumental numbers.
Hereafter the circle will give its socials
on Wednesday night Instead of Thurs
day.
California Hive.
California Hive No. 2 of the Ladies of
the Maccabees has taken quarters In the
Native Sons' building and become auxil
iary to Pacific Tent of the Knights of the
Maccabees. This hive will give* an enter
tainment and dance in the Native Sons'
buildings on the evening of the 29th inst.
Rev. L. J- Garver to Speak.
There will be a mass-meetinjc for men
only at the Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation Auditorium to-day at 3 o'clock.
An address by Rev. L. J. Oarver on "Silas
Marner or the Transforming Power of
Love," will be the feature of tne occasion.
THE SAN THAN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1899.
FRATERNAL NEWS.
The Odd Fellows.
On the 19th Inst. W. H. Barnes, P. G.
1 I M. W., will deliver his annual lecture
. I before Unify Lodge, and that date -will
j be the forty-fourth anniversary of his
• ! initiation as an Odd Fellow and the
j sixty-fifth of his birth.
Last Tuesday a number of the grand
, I officers went to Sacramento to attend the
' i funeral of the late Deputy Grand Master
, J. L. Robinette.
As yet no one has been selected to fill
! the vacancy caused by the death of Dep
uty Grand Master J. L. Robinette. The
, constitution provides that the deputy
I grand master shall fill the unexpired term
, in case of the death of the grand master,
I and that if there is a vacancy in the
, j office of deputy grand master it shall be
filled by the Grand Lodge, if In session,
and if hot In session, then by the stand
ing committee. At present W. W. Wat
son, who at the last session of the Grand
• ! Lodge was elected grand warden, would
1 under the unwritten law of the order be
• come, next year, the deputy grand mas
ter and the following year the grand mas
• t.^r. lie was in the line of promotion,
but In view of the death of the deputy
• grand master in order to be elected to
that office he would have to resign the
• position he now holds. Whether that will
bo the course pursued remains to be
seen.
The general relief committee will en
■ tertain a number of the Odd Fellow sol
■ di< ra from Idaho this morning.
Past Grand Master Karl C. Breuck of
■ ' Stockton and Miss Fannie Benjamin, past
• , president of the California Assembly of
• f \ the Rebekahs, were in this city last week.
Ancient Order Workmen.
| The extension committee held a meet
. ing last week at which there were pres
ent the grand master, deputy grand mas
• ter, grand overseer, grand lecturer and
j ; other grand officers, when there was the
• discussion of a number of plans for the
. advancement of the order in the city and
State. One conclusion reached wa_s to
. devise ways and means to reduce the time
within which claims are paid. It was
. stated at the meeting that there had been
, a great deal of good work by the special
, deputies In the district resigned to the
, grand overseer. Favorable reports were
, presented as to the work that has been
done by Deputies Wells, Saunders and
, I Hargraves.
" j Liberty Lodge at Ocean View will hold
an open m-eting on next Tuesday night,
( ' when there will be an interesting pro
gramme. A number of the grand officers
will l>e present.
i Past Grand Master Barnes will deliver
, an address before the lodge at Hollister
l on the 18th inst.
r 1 There will be a meeting in Haywards
' j on the 10th of October under the auspices
> of the Alameda County extension com-
I mittee.
Native Sons.
i Grand Secretary Lunstedt has notified
I the parlors that the roll of honor of the
■ Volunteer Native Sons has been printed in
shape to frame and place on the walls of
the parlors, and will be forwarded to each
• : parlor as soon as completed.
He also gives information that the
. board of grand officers had under con
dition at the recent meeting of the
parlor of instruction in the ritualistic
' work the various models and designs for
! i the seal of state proposed to be placed
. over the station of the president of a
: parlor. None were deemed a suitable
substitute for the banner seal of state
now in use nnd It was decided to return
■ : the same, but the grand secretary was In
-1 l-structed to have the same more elab
. I orately printed on silk to furnish to new
parlors and to such of the old parlors as
require new ones.
Grar.d organizer Steinba>"h and Grand
Trustee Sabichi have organized a new
parlor at Riverside, and the grand organ
izt r is laying the foundation for a new
parlor at Santa Ana.
Stanford Parlor is making arrangements
■ for a grand vaudeville performance to be
i given in the main hall of the Native Sons'
] building on the night of the "Oth of next
October. It is expected that it will bo the
• grandest entertainment of the kind given
: in that hall, and one of the features of
I the evening will be a cake walk with re
freshing novelties.
Native Daughters.
A new parlor organized at San Andreas
by Miss Annie C. McSorley was institut
ed at that place by Miss Mary Segale,
district deputy for Calaveras County, on
the Ist inst.. sh»- being assisted in the work
by Miss Emma F. Boarman, deputy for
Jackson, Amador County, and members
of Ruby, Princess and Ursula parlors.
"The parlor," writes a correspondent,
! "starts with thirty-four charter members,
; all lovely girls." The officers for the
present term are: Mrs. P. H. Kean, past
president; Mrs. Mattle Hanscom, presi
dent; Mrs. Naomi E. Davis, Mrs. Louise
; Toon and Miss Mayme O'Connell, vice
presidents; Miss Sarah Gallagher, mar
shal; Miss Annie C. McSorley, recording
secretary; Miss Kate Zwings, financial
etary; Miss Chrissie Tormey, treas
urer; Miss May Treat, inside sentinel;
Miss Ella Porter, outside sentinel;
Mrs. Mary Palmer. Miss Carrie Verdier
and Miss Joanna Dower, trustees.
Foresters of America.
On the night of the 25th inst. Junior
Court Pride cf the Golden West will give
a cakewalk and dance in Laurel Hall of
j the Bhiels building.
During the recent session of the Su
preme Court California was honored by
having i'ast Grand Chief Ranger C. P.
Renden of Stockton elected to the posl
tion of sub-supreme chief ranger. Cali
fornia, through the American Forester
Review, the official organ, made a claim
I for recognition in the supreme body on the
■ ground that the jurisdiction of California
! had done, unusually good work for the or
-1 der at large, and the result shows that
the claim was recognized as a just one.
There was considerable legislation dur
i ing the session, but the most Important
waa the adoption of an amendment from
California to the effect that it must ap
pear by the certificate of a competent
physician that the wife of the member
Joining, if he In married, is in sound bod
ily health to enable the member to de
rive any benefits in case of her death.
Th<» statist i'-al reports show that on two.
15th of last August there were 1361 courts
of the order, with an aggregate member
ship of 164,909.
Representatives from California were
represented on five important committees.
The order will no longer be on wheels, for
i It was decided to secure permanent head
quarters, and the matter was left to the
advisory committee. The charter fee for
a new court with not less than thirty-five
I members was fixed at $75. Relief asked for
I by the grand courts of Minnesota, Kansas
and Missouri was allowed.
Fred Severance of Court San Francisco,
who was one of the representatives to the
Supreme Court from this State, returned
a few days since and on last Tuesday
night paid a visit to his court and was
welcomed in a most pleasing manner.
That night the team of this court initiated
for Court Justice fifteen candidates. The
week before the team and a number of
the members of the court paid a visit to
Court Shell Mound In Berkeley and ex
emplified the work by the Initiation of
! two candidates. Court San Francisco has
appointed a committee to arrange for a
banquet to be given at a date to be an
nounced at a later day.
The reception which was to have been
tendered to Sergeant Ben M. Clancy by
1 Court Sutro Heights last Thursday night
1 has been postponed until the 21st, when
1 a first -lass welcome will be extended to
I the court's soldier members.
Companions of the Forest, F. of A.
All of the circles of the jurisdiction
have received official notice that Inde
pendence Circle of this city has been sus
pended for Insubordination. The circle
wanted to have a certain companion
named as deputy and the grand chief
companion claimed that while the circle
had the right to recommend a companion
for the position she had the right not to
indorse the recommendation and to nomi
nate any one she desired for the position
and did so. The circle did not approve of
the action of the head of the order, hence
the trouble which resulted in the sus
pension.
Last Tuesday night Inter Nos Circle
held Its first meeting in its new quarters
In Pythian Castle. The room selected
Is a lar*e and pleasant one, and as it
was "ladies 1 night" and in honor of the
change of meeting place the hall was
tastefully decorated with flowers and
evergreens, and after the meeting there
was an excellent collation that was par
taken of by aIT present. That being dis
posed of a series of games were Inaugu
rated and there was a joyous time until
midnight. During the evening one com
panion was, admitted by card from one
of the local ciFcles. This circle has the
promise of the addition of several new
members at the next meeting.
Robin Hood Circle last Wednesday night -
I had a pleasant meeting. Miss Alice
Ticoulet, recording secretary of the cir
cle, has presented to the membership a
fine silk American flag to place upon the
altar at meetings. This circle will give
a social on the night of the 20th Inst.,
when there will be an enjoyable evening
for all who shall attend.
The National Union.
At the meeting of California Council
last Tuesday night three candidates were
obligated, and after the transaction of
routine business there was a short pro
gramme of entertainment including vocal
selections by the National Union quartet,
an address by James E. Field and the
reading of an original article on patriot
ism by J. J. Scoville, secretary of Golden
Gate Council.
The San Francisco Cabinet will on the
evening of Monday, the lsth Inst., pay
an official visit to Yosemite Council.
On the night of the 3d of October the
San Francisco Cabinet will pay an offi
cial visit to California Council and It is
expected that there will be a large at
tendance of the membership to greet the
visiting officials. The council will make
arrangements for a pleasant evening.
Knights of the Maccabees.
During the past month San Francisco
Tent has through the efforts of Deputy
Supreme Commander J. W. Arbogast had
a large increase in membership.
•This tent has erected on the main floor
of the Mechanics' Fair a Maccabee tent,
which has been decorated with a great
deal of artistic taste and in which is dis
played the costly costumes of the team
and' part of the paraphernalia used in con
ferring the degree work of the ritual. The
tent is known as the headquarters of San
Francisco Tent No. IS of the Knights and
of San Francisco Hive No. 8, Ladies of
the Maccabees. Members of each branch
of the order will be in attendance every
evening to explain the foundation and
work of this progressive fraternal organ
ization.
Independent Foresters.
Court Yerba Buena has completed all
its arrangements for the entertainment to
be given in Laurel Hall bf the Shiels
building to-morrow night to welcome the
rrieml>ers of the court recently returned
from the Philippines. There will be a
programme and a dance.
Knights of Pythias.
On the nl>;ht of last Friday Golden City
Lodge tendered a reception in Pythian
Castle to Its soldier members who re
cei.tly returned from the Philippines.
There was a large attendance of members,
a ftrsi class programme and a good time
generally.
Unity Lodge conferred the, knight rank
in long form on two candidates last week,
and Myrtle Lodge conferred the same
rank on' one.
A new lodge will shortly be Instituted
In Siskiyou.
C. B. Frnsle of Garden Grove, lowa-, Im
perial treasurer of the D. O. K. X., Is
wandering about "the desert" of San
Francisco.
\n effort will be made at the session of
the Supreme Lodge next August to have
Hint body hold its session in this city in
1902.
American Guild.
Deputy Supreme Governor McGarvie
is visiting Corning. Tehama County, in
the Interest of the order.
There Is talk of active measures being
taken to extend the order in various parts j
nf the Slate.
At a meeting of Pan Francisco Chapter
last Wednesday night the secretary was
instructed to communicate with the su
preme secretary in relation to som^
amendments to the laws which should,
in the opinion of the members of the
chapter, be altered.
Ancient Order of Druids.
On the Ist Inst. St. Helena Grove, In
the town of that name, was officially vis
ited by Noble Grand Arch James F. Mar
tinoni and Grand Secretary John M.
Graves, who were welcomed by a large
number of the members. They witnessed
the conferring of the first degree on three
candidates and were well pleased with
the work. Two applications were pre-
B< nted. When tho work of the grove was
closed the doors were opened to admit the
ladies of ulWi Circle «nd their friends.
Bubsequi ntly all took places at the ban
quet taMe. Mr. McCurdy acted us toast
master and the visiting officials and many
of the members responded to toasts pro
posed. One of the toasts was "The
Ladies of Olive Circle," to which several
of the ladles responded. The prand offi
cers feel deeply grateful to tho grove and 1
the ladles of the circle for the very cor
dial reception given them.
On September 2 the grand officers, ac
companied by Henry Lange, deputy noble
grand arch of St. Helena Grove, had a
pleasant drive to Napa, where they vis
ited William Tell Grove, which th.at night
received an application and had work in
the initiatory degree. At that session
there were preseni Past Arches A. Fornl, I
A. Baretta. G. Darerltß, Messrs. J. Cor- 1
hello, L. Metzner. Charles Martinelli, A. '
Slgnorelli and eight of the members of
t )livo Circle of St. Helena, who accom
panied them. All were guests at an ex
cellent supper served at Ballaoti's Hotel,
wh< re a good time was had.
On the following day the grand officers
and a number of the members of William
Tell Grove went to Sonoma to attend the
funeral of T. Ollvieri, secretary of Sono
ma Grove No. 75. In the evening of that
day the grand officers paid an official visit
to the grove and witnessed tho Initiation
of a candidate. Messrs. Jessen and Jllan
chi of Cypress Grove of Petaluma were
present. There were addresses by the
grand officers and many members of the
grove.
Cayueos Grove No. 'M initiated six can
didates in the past eight weeks and still
has six'applic.itlons to act upon.
Last Tuesday evening Galileo Grove re
ceived eight applications and admitted
eighteen Btrangera by initiation.
Jackson Grove of Jackson, Amador
County, during the past eight weeks ad
mitted twenty-two to membership. Dur
ing the same period Cypress Grove of Pet
aluma initiated twenty-five candidates.
Order of Pendo.
Volunteer Council No. 159 will have a
social evening next Wednesday in the
Albion Hall of the Alcazar building. There
will be a large class for obligation that
evening and after the ceremonies there
will be presented a good programme of
entertainment.
Supreme Secretary Ernest Duden has
just returned from an extended visit to
councils south of the Tehachapi, and re
ports them all in good condition.
Eight councils of the order were Insti
tuted during the month of August. These
are located in San Francisco; Roseburg,
Or.: Portland, Or.; Chambersvllle, Tex. : ;
Fremount, Wash.; Houston, Tex.; Bridal
Veil, Or., and Grants Pass, Or.
Order of Americus.
San Francisco Council No. 14 Is prepar
ing a class for Initiation on the night of
October 2.
The team of San Francisco Council will
visit the council in Berkeley on the night
Of the 27th inst. for the purpose of ini
tiating a number of candidates.
Reports from various parts of the State
are favorable to the increase of this
order.
The Juniors.
Historically the last meeting of Abra
ham Lincoln Council of the Junior Order
of American Mechanics was a red-letter
one. Lieutenant Rivers. Private Whitten
and others who returned with the Cali
fornia volunteers were present and gave
their views of the Philippine Inlands, ac- I
counts of the war and told of the people, i !
The speakers were all of the opinion that
the Filipinos are not capable to govern
themselves, but under United States rule
could become highly civilized.
Among the speakers of tho evening was
Past State Councilor Bellinger, who fur*
ther explained the objects of the life in
surance policy lately adopted by the coun- }
ells, which has already received favora- J
hie action, many of the members having
already applied for admission. The con
tracts are from $500 to JoOO>J life insurance,
total or permanent disability and having ■
many of the forms of an accident policy.
The executive committee having in hand
the reception of the California volunteers
has decided to hold the reception and ban
quet on Thursduy evening, the 15th inst.,
In B. B. Hall. The programme includes
patriotic numbers, an original song by a <
chorus and camp reminiscences from the '
boys, and to conclude with a banquet and
ball. d
Three applicants were favorably con
sidered at this meeting. l
This evening the extension committee
of the city councils and the Daughters of •
Liberty have arranged for a patriotic
meeting in Plymouth Congregational
Church. t '
Advances made on furniture ajid pianos, with 1
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission. 1
ADVERTISEMENTS^
GET THIN!
22 LBS^OF FAT
Dr. Edison's Obesity Pills and Reducing
Tablets Rid Mrs. Emma Gordon Grant
of 22 Pounds of Fat in One Month.
Read Her Letter Below. It Should In-
" terest All Fat and Unhealthy Men and
Women.
I WAS GROWING FLESHY RAPIDLY,"
writes Mrs. Grant, Washington street, San
Francisco, "and felt that 1 must have some
relief. I consulted my physician and he told
me nothing but Dr. Edison's Obesity Pills
and Reducing Tablets would cure me safely
and permanently. These remedies took off 22
pounds In a month and cured me of chronic
indigestion, restoring my old rorm."
"Dr. Edison's Obesity Pills and Reducing Tab-
lets are perfectly 'harmless, and strengthen
and Invigorate all who use them. Obesity Re-
ducing Tablets, $2 a box; Obesity Pills. $1 50
a bottle: 3 bottles, $4— enough for one treat-
ment. Dr. Edison's Reducing Tablets and
Pills are sweet, palatable and convenient- to
take.
We send free our new edition of "HOW TO
CUKE OBESITY," 60 portraits and numerous
other Illustrations. The information it con-
tains is invaluable. FAT FOLKS SEND FOR
IT.
Special Remedies for Big. Fat Men,
Free advice about obesity . from our New
York Medical Department. Write and describe
your case. We forward goods promptly. No
printing on our envelopes. Our goods are kept
in stock by the leading druggists.
LORING & CO. (Ltd.), Dept. 31. 42 West 22d
st. New York City.
I Will Gsve $1000
jßtiuy&S&li&h*^■V If I /.::! to CUre any
d£WiSx*&^^^3h>. CANCER or tumor I
i^^P\»^^a: ; ;.-\jiS i treat before it scat-
ftfsjr MajfcfE&ap*^ -^^V ter ? or ects the
1 Jll^ *s*^». JR No ignite
$» f?gi f|| No Pain!
y y4, ft iff]/ Until Cured.
/SggSJitw i i— •''' 28 years' experi-
t 1 -!^"~*<liSi^ fence, 1000 cancers
V '^T^h' '*■ Jj now in my offices in
\ Jrl alcohol. J.adyattend-
.^K. "/'i'^ i ant. A hard
tumor on the Up
cvi a c"r' where is
P*^?!^^^^^P^*^Any lump in a
WOMAN'S BREAST IS CANCER
If large always poisons the glands in armpit,
where cure is almost impossible.
BOOK SENT FREE . ; ;
With symptoms addresses and testimonials of
thousands cured in California. Write them.
S. R. CH AMLEY, M.D., 25 Third St., S.F.
LITTLE PALACE SANITARIUM
SEND THIS to some one WITH CANCER.
Svisit DR. JORDAN'S great!
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
A Ch 10EllfA22:?ST.tet.6:JiS7th,3.r.C:l, A
X Hf The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
A fll&SsJ& ''' -'■<• p«"»ltl»«-l.v«-ur«>.»l contrscted A
C 52 SjO disease p^»ltl»rly cured by the oldest T
® IgSl Specialist en the Coast Hst. 36 y;ars £
0 &'o®k DR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES
1 »(SSESiI , Consultation fr*- nnd stri'tly private. \
U I i&sl M *""" " menl personally nr by letter. A M
\M7 Si > -P" 3 '"'« CWetn every caseumlrrtakcn. ~\
A Fit 110 'frr|.,rll...k.Fmi.Utl)l'MVc!i
IV * I jj 1 " m«IIUIA<.r. MAILED FREE. I .\J
1 jj ||, valuable book for turn) \
7 OR JMKDA.V A CO., 1051 Market St., K. F. V
|E5& Chlo&estCT'e Eoellsh Diamond Brand. "■-
-f ENiWROYAL PILLS
V /«£T\ Original and Only Genuine A.
(^$M Drngi^fo? T C»k»MC^« t£qll?*"a-XnS.
S^\j£>'C^ J^\non,{ Brand in Kcd and ii->ll uietalllcV'KSy
>3y —CYgyKboxM, sealed blue ribbon. TnLoNJiF
T%i ®i «v2 no other. Refine iiizr.germ.i snlif.ru- v
I"/ ~* nr tizns and imilati< ru. At t>ru(t(;iit», oraend A«,
I 4^ , JSf In Rtampi for pirticnlari, testimonials and
V'B* Rs '"Kollof for Ladies." in letter, by return
•X If Mull. 1 0.000 T'stlmcnUls. tinar. Paper,
**rChl«»> u*tcr Clieudcal Co., M I A [ton Ha n»r».
MM br all t-oc-J urufgliu. i*H 1 1.*. i\V
t T fSDEIGJ'9 FOR EITHtEH SEC
DnWWOThiN remedy being in-
— ■j«»«.t«wi directly to th«
/&& ■ mi /?S?h seat of tliono diseases
wP*3 Q 1 a" of the <i<enito-llrinary
|r MM raRCT Organs, requires no
CSJ* %M& |h chance of diet. Core
VgaM - SjW guaranteed in 1 to 3
■ ■ ■ii'iva Small plain pa<*k-
(!PS ?T "HS 1 "Si 3 au<-. ">' mail, 6 1.00.
"y- W Unsold only by
GEORGE DAHLBENDER & CO.. Sole Agts..
214 Kearny St., San Francisco.
fiflfT nO If II Corner Fourth and
UHIL nUIHLfr-overcoa^Tnd
Will U lIVJIIIL. Overcoats and
Valises checked free.
AMUSEMENTS.
alcazar"™
MATINEE TO-DAY, SUNDAY.
TO-NIGHT (SUNDAY), LAST TIME.
"CHRISTOPHER JR."
TO-MORROW NIGHT and entire week.
The Always Welcome Drama.
The Wages of Sin.
: AX INCOMPARABLE PRODUCTION.
PRICES T7lsc, 25c, 35c, 59c.
• * I
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
LAST NIGHT OF
"EL CAPITAN."
TO-MORROW EVENING
Superlatively Beautiful Production of Van
Suppe's Famous Comic Opera,
"FATINITZA."
USUAL POPULAR PRICES:
lOc, me. 2."i0. 35c and sOe.
At Saturday Matinee, Beat Reserved Seat, J£sc\
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
ADGIE AND HER LIONS
AND MOVING PICTURES,
Showing Scenes on the Firing: Line In the
Philippines.
"How'd You Like to Be the Ice Man?"
Souvenirs for the Children TO-DAY t
BEGINNING MONDAY, SEPT. 11,
HARMON AND SEABURY,
Champion High Divers of the World.
Phone for Seats. Park 23.
SUTRO BATHS.
SUNDAY, SEPT. 10, AT 2:30 P. M.
IMMENSE PROGRAMME.
SWIMMING RACES FOR
VALUABLE PRIZES.
, ADMISSION, 10c ; CHILDREN. 5c. "
Bathing, including admission, 25c; children, 20c.
. OPEN NIGHTS.
MR. DEMS O'SULLIVAN'S
BALLAD CONCERT. His last appearance.
TUESDAY. Sept. 12,,&:15 p. m., SHERMAN-
CLAY HALL.- Tickets, 50c and 75c. For sale
Monday, and Tuesday, Sept. 11 and 12, at Sher-
man & Clay's, 139 Kearny st.
AMUSEMENTS.
Week Commencing Sunday Matinee, Septem-
ber 10.
: B— Bright and NeFVariety Stars— B
Refined, Novel and Amusing:.
The Bachelor Club
And throe hours spent in it.
ROBERT POLLARD. GEORGIE BRENGLE.
JOHN CONNELLY and BERGH
i MORRISON.
First Appearance on the Coatt.
WHITE AND HARRIS,
In a New and Up-to-date Burlesque.
Their Initial Bow.
CRAWFORD LISTERS
Character Change Artists.
, Continued Popularity of
HUNGARIAN
Boys' Military Band,
In Entirely New Selections.
IS MAKING A HIT.
MONTRELL,
The Man Who Plays With Fire.
A Lasting Favorite,
CHARLEY CASE,
The Only Original Story Teller.
Last Week of ARNOLD GRAZER and LA
PETITE HAZEL.
Spectacular Mirror Dance.
American Biograph,
New Views and Battle Scenes.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SUNDAY) Sept. 9.
Parquet, 25 cents; Balcony, 10 cents; Chil-
dren. 10 cents, any part. A few front orchestra
rows reserved, 50 cents.
TIYOLI OPERA HOUSE
." ROMEO AND JULIET "TO-NIGHT.
NEXT WEEK
GALA EVENT OF THE
GRAND OPERA SEASON.
i WAGNER'S GREATEST WORK,
Mon /ay, Wednesday, Friday
and Saturday Evenings.
FIRST TIME IN THE WORLD AT POPU-
LAR PRICES of Verdi's Famous Creation,
I Tuesday, Thursday, Sunday Nights
and Saturday Matinee.
SUPERB CAST IN EACH OPERA!
ENLARGED ORCHESTRA AND CHORUS!
ADVANCE SALE BREAKS ALL RECORDS!
POPULAR PRICES--- 25 and 50 Cents
Order by Telephone, Bush 9.
TO-NIGHT^ LAST TIME.
MR. CLAY CLEMENT
In the Psychological Romance.
«THE DEI I C "
lip II jr B
NOTE.— theater will be
closed during the weeks of Sep-
tember 11 and 18. The regular
Sail and winter season will be in-
augurated on September 25 by
MODJ^SKA.
OLYMPIA.
Eddy Street, Corner Mason.'
The only free vaudeville show in the city.
Grotesque and amusing:.
CIRDELIER BROS.
Most darinsr act in the world.
He's a hit and hits hard.
ED INOL/\IN.
The man with the musical brogue.
Popular as ever.
.ZOA ffIATTHEWS,
Has a new ■ rag-time serenade.
THE KEESINGR, DOLLIE MITCHELL and
a whole bunch of hits.
Matinee every Sunday. ADMISSION FREE.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
UNION COURSING PARK.
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY,
Sept. 9th and 10th.
CLASSICAL SWARD EVENTS!
PRODUCE AND OPEN STAKES.
122— NOMINATIONS—
$2100— PRIZS MONEY— S2IOO
BAND OF MUSIC IN ATTENDANCE.
TRAIN SERVICE.
Leaves Third and Townsend sts., Saturday, j
C:l5 a. m. and 12:"."> p. m.- Sunday, 10:15 a. m., i
11 a. m., 12 m. and 1 p. m. Twenty-fifth and I
Valencia five minutes later. Returning after
last course. Extra train from park Sunday,
4:45 p. m. San Mateo electric cars every ten
minutes. .-■•.'• _^_- :
ADMISSION 25 CENTS— FREE.
AND
PHILIPPINE EXHIBIT,
SEE THE SPINNING WHEEL AND THE
ANTIQUE NEW ENGLAND FIRE-PLACE.
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY IN ACTION.
MORRO CASTLE IN MINIATURE.
TUESDAY NIGHT SOLDIERS' NIGHT j
All Soldiers in Uniform Admitted Free on this '.
Occasion.
ALICE RAYMOND, the World's Famous j
Cornet Soloist, plays every afternoon and ]
evening.
DOUBLE SEASON TICKETS $5 00
(To members half price.)
SINGLE ADMISSION 25 cents \
GLEN PARK.
TO-DAY SUNDAY TO-DAY
BICYCLE RACES AND FOOT RACES,
And all kinds of athletic competitions for i
VALUABLE PRIZES.
OPEN TO ALL.
Park Open Saturday Evening. Dancing 1 tn
Pavilion. ■ -:^v tk:vt?
When requested, the resorts mentioned
In this column will send you circulars
giving full information "regarding special
advantages, rates, manner of reaching
them, etc. When writing please mention
The Call.
../ETNA SPRINGS..
Had you not better
take a vacation ? You
will live longer and be
healthier.
Rates, $10 to $14 per week. Round trip, $7.
Apply W. L. MITCHELL, Aetna Springs, Naps
County, or J. H. SIMPSON. v Odd Fellows'
building, S. F. Telephone, Mint 1835.
£* fc :
YOUR SUMMER OUTING.
j Health arc Hotel
and assured del
Pleasure at Coronado
Send for Pamphlets, Terms. Etc.
Reduced Summer Rates now In Effect.
Apply at 4 New Montgomery at., S. F.
SKAGGS'HDTSPRINGS
SONOMA COUNTY: ONLY 4H HOURS
from San Francisco and but C miles' stag-
Ing; water* noted for medicinal virtues; best
natural bath In State: swimming and boating;
grand mountain scenery; good trout streams at
door: photographer's room, telephone, tele-
I graph, dcily mall and express: FIRST-CLAS3
' HOTEL AND STACK SERVICE; morning and
afternoon stages: round trip from San Fran-
cisco only $5 50. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:39
a. m. or 1:30 p. m. Terms, $2 a day or $11 \
week. References, any guest of the past four
years. Patronage constantly Increasing— last
year unprecedented. J. F. MT7LGREW. Prop.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS.
*T T IIK best Deer Hunting. Mineral Waters.
* Baths and accommodations In Lake Coun-
ty can be had at Highland Springs. .'... '■".'■"
Fall terms, $10 to $12 per week. Come while
the hunting Is good. J. CRAIG, Manager. .
SARATOGA SPRINGS, baa*
Up In the mountains, near the
lakes and in the heart of Lake
County's mineral belt. Tak.*
train via Uklarj.
ROUND TRIP. $9.50.
J. MARTENS, Prop.- City Office, 418 Pin« Street
•INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot to Visit This Bummer.
BOATS FREE TO GUESTS. FINE FISH-
lng. Excellent table. Clean beds and care-
ful attention to patrons. Climate perfect. Six-
teen miles from Truckee, In the heart of the
Sierras and surrounded by magnificent trees of
an unbroken forest. The Ideal spot for families
because It Is clean, do poleon oak, no pests. |
And pure air and pure water. Address MK3
H. M. CLEMONS. Independence Lake.
Go to BYRON HOT SPRINGS.
The Hot Mineral Baths will cure your
Rheumatism. Address A. BETTENS. at
springs, or call on LOMBARD & CO..
agents, room 30. 22^4 Geary st.
BOCA HOTEL.
FINEST HUNTING AND FISHING ON' THE
Truckee River; pleasant sunny rooms: good
boating on lake; boats free to guests; prices
reasonable. $8 to $10 per week; special rates for
families. W. J. McDOXALD, Manager.
LAUREL DEL
. 'I '■■'■■ LAKE AND HOTEL.
CLIMATE. SCENERY. ENTERTAINMENT;
Done better In Lake Co. ; gas Indoors and
out. H. WAMBOLD.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
TWO TRAINS DAILY, 7:30 A. M. AND 4 P.
m. ; stage meets train at Napa City. AN-
DREW JACKSON. Napa Soda Springs P. O.
BLUE LAKES MOTEL
WILL BS CONDUCTED IN A QUIET,
homeli):e manner, with one of the best
tables In the county; $10 to $12 per week. Round
trip, $9 60. S. F. and N. P. to Uklah; thence by
etage. Address J. WILSON, Bertha, Laks
County. Cal.
HOTEL SANTA CRUZ, Santa Cruz, Cal.
First-class Family and Commercial Hotel.
This hotel is located on the corner of Locust
and Vine streets, one block from the Court-
house. Rates, $1 to $2 per day. Special rates
to families. CHARLES HENDERSON, 304
Montgomery St.
...DO not...
Be Without
"THE. 'C
During Your Vacation.
Subscribers to "The Call" visiting: th?
country, seaside or springs during the Sum-
mer months can have "The Call" sent to them
for a week or longer by prepaying for san»
it the Business Office or by ordar througii
carrier.
...TERMS...
15 Cents ..per Week
65 Cents pep Month
+OSTAQB PREPAID.
lEEE! CALL
o{ It Publishes the Cream of tU»
News of the Week and
o? MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
cJ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°S IT IS TMB BEST WEEKLY
©/ ' PAPER OiNTHB
Ti PACIFIC COAST
3 The Best N. / Mining
°) Telegraphic \/ News That
°< Service oo />. ** Accurate
©C The Coast ' S \* up to data
ck ■; ■•■■: Not a Line of It Sensational
gj or Faky , and Not a Line of
*J it Dry or Uninteresting
Enlarged to 16 Pages. $1 per Year
1314
TENNIS : Hardy Brothers Defeat Easterners.
YACHTING : /Eolus Wins the Macdonough Cup.
BASEBALL : San Francisco Defeats Sacramento.
CALIFORNIANS
DEFEAT THE
EASTERN MEN
Hardy v Brothers Win the Coast
Tennis Championship by Out
playing Whitman and Wright.
Ati Ii ;■> The Call.
DEL MONTE. Sept. 9.-After an un
bridled arid unbroken course of clouting
Whitman and Wright, the tennis invinc
iblcs from Boston, foil with a sickening
fall yesterday afternoon under the swing
ing racket Hows of Sam and Sumner
Hardy; The many clouts, for such have
thejstinging?de£eats at the hands of the
East been dubbed; are now wiped off the
slate, for this single victory; retains the
doubles championship for the West, and
was as sensational *»a contest as has ever,
been seen on the Pacific I oast. In three
straight, sets the Hardys rang the death
knell of the Easterners; who have been
hailing on oceans of victory erer since last
Tuesday; the inaugural of the Atlantic-
Paciflc tournament.
Game by panic the score advanced until
the boards read five all. The local team
took the aggressive. Sam Hardy was sud
denly metamorphosed into a clout< r.
Whenever the opportunity offered he
Bmaßhed the balls nke another Davis and
it was these strokes combined with skill
ful placing, superb cuts across court and
< areful h< ad work that won the set for
the Hardys. Five all. six all and then two
games in rapid succession gave ■ he match
to the plucky Westerners. Whitman and
Wright were bewildered; it was some
thing novel to their tennis understandings
and they changed courts automatically
lor the beginning of the next set.
llobart wanted to bet .. liittier horses
on the result of the match, but both pick
ed the same team so neither will collect.
All books having lixe.l their slates the
second sot was called. Again the Hardys
won the tirst game, but lost the following
two only to even up the score on the fourth.
They then went ahead again; but again
the score was tied, three all and a palpi
tating grandstand waiting for the end.
Courage and daring eat In the hearts of
the Hardys and for the Irst time in their
lives they played with a reckless bril
liancy Driving and chopping everything
in sight by .Sumner and an outclouting
of the dinners by Sam, saw the end of
this set. which read 6—3 in favor of the
Oakland boys. Alter this there was no
more ruthless betting, except by the ,
youthful enthusiasts on the back benches
'who had cigarettes to burn and gum to
tril'.e with indigestion: In the third set
there was no question ay to the outcome.
Although every point was contested the
Hardys played hard and brilliant tennis '
right 'up to the end. The last point of the
{Tame was the most sensational rally of ■
ihe match and won by Sam Hardy's
tjnash after a. rail v that ..is the cause of ■
three distinct cases of nervous prostra
tion. Volley after volley, with the quickest |
lacket play at the end. all four men in
action; was what the spectators went wild |
over. For a time it looked as if the game
would never end. but Sam Hardy's ter
minal smash did the trick.
•'Unmo, match, set; tournament—
win!" yelled Joe Daily in the scorer's box;
but bi-lore he had finished the victors
leaped over the net and were shaking
hands with the vanquished. There was
rot much joy in the Eastern countenances
Lut the Western beams more than coun
terbalanced. ■
Then the crowd surged in on the Hardys
md to-morrow they will have swelled
hands— not heads.
The ladies' championship singles was
played out to-day between Miss Button of I
Los Angeles and' Miss Bee Hooper of Say
Francisco. This was the sole match 01
the tournament, and now Mi.-s Sutton is
the proud possessor of a very handsome
toilet set, the prize offered by -Mr. Douty.
The first set of the match went to Miss i
Hooper, with the .score 6— i. Miss Sutton
was slightly nervous and not able to reach ;
her regular game. In the second set she
improved, while Miss Hooper showed
weakness her returns losing their char
acteristic 'strength and sureness. The set
was won by Miss Sutton, 6—.'!. The third
set went to' the young lady, but not until I
every game was fought out to a bitter
iinish. The score was o—i,0 — i, and now Miss
Hutton is the champion lady player of the
Pacific Coast, Miss Jones being absent and
neglecting to defend her title.
The consolation doubles played to-day
resulted as follows:
Collier and Stauf won from Jones and
Arguello by default; McFarlan and Stew
art from Braly and Bell by default; John
sun and Argufllo lost to Farlan and
Stewart, o—4, «— 2; Hunt and Seager beat
Fatjo and Warburton. 3—6, 6 — 3, 9—7;
Bliven and Code beat Collier and Stauf,
(• — 4 i_6, ti — Finals: Hunt and Seager,
o—3, 6—l. 6—2.
The week of tennis culminated to-night
in a banquet tendered the Eastern men by
the Pacific Coast Association. Besides
tho four Eastern players, the Whitneys,
the Hardys and George Wright were
present.
ARPALLO DROPS DEAD.
Sensation Created in the Races at the
State Fair at St. Paul.
ST. PAUL, Minn., Sept. 9.— A sensational
f( ature of to-day's races at the State Fair
was the sudden death of Arpallo in the
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
SACRAMENTO RACETRACK— Sixth day of the meeting of the State
Fair Association, Saturday, September 9. Weather fine. Track fast.
Ftartlng Judge— Frank Covey.
•
I IRST RACE— Pacing, 2:25 class; mile heats, best three In five; purse, JIOOO.
H H. Hellman's b. m. Myrtha Whips, by Whlps-Mytha (Hell-
2 3 8 111
W H Lumsden'B b. m Roblet, hy Robin-Eveline (Havey) 7 114 6 2
nla, b !:., by Charles Derby (Hoy) « 4 2 S 2 r. o.
•;a b. m by Alex Button (Blgelow) 6 6 4 2 Br. o.
<-fc g by Brigadier fLafterty) 4 6 8 5 4 r. o.
Wild kutllng, br. h., by "vVlldnut (Donathan) 12 6 8 drawn
';i!f Topsail, eh. h., by Diablo (Smith) distanced
■ h. m., by Happy Prince (Kelly) distanced
Time— 2:l3, 2:12, 2:17%, 2:18H, I:1SH. 2:15«4.
SECOND RACE— Trotting; free for all; mile heats, best two In three; purse, $1600.
: Olark'a br. g. Toggles, by Etrathway-Sly (Clark) 1 l
Klamath, b. g., by Morookus (Judd) 3 2
lie, tir. h., by Stranger (Bunch) 2 5
Neernut, h. h., by Albert W (Brooks) 4 3
Hazel Klnney, b. m., by McKlnney 'Jeffries) 6 4
Prince Gift, br. t., by Good Gift (Kent) i 6
'"lay S, b. h., by Qrover Clay (Rodriguez) dlst
Time— 2:11%, 2:10.
Presiding Judge— J. W. Wilson. Starter— R. Havey.
7j THIRD RACE— One mile; the- Vinctor Stakes; three-year-olds and upward; value, $440.
__ . _ Betting.
I Betting;.
•'lex. Horse. Age. Welght.JSt. 4m. %rn. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. CI.
7.15) Jennie Reid. 3 109! 4 4 4 21 11 11 JDoullier j 3-2 3-2
36 Hobenzollern, 6.. ...122) 3 4 lh 11 2% 2% (Thorpe ....... 2 2
:,i Libertine, a 122 1 11 2n 3 4 3133 (Snider ( 2 2
I.-.2) Nllgar. 3 112; 2 3 1 3 1 4 4 '4' [Ward | 6-5 6-5
Time— 1:414- Perfect start. Won driving. Winner, R. Hughes' b. t., by El Rio Rey-
Fusetta. '
j ty i iTJBTH RACE— Six furlongs; allowances; two-year-olds; purse, 1300.
I g\ FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; allowances; two-year-olds; purse, J300.
<•-£• — t— ' : '.
~ ~ „r , t I 7, I I Betting.
j ! Betting.
ndex. ■/ . Horse. eight. St. l4m. %m. Km. Str. Fin. J Jockeys. Op. CI.
327 Sunello U0 6 ... 61 63 2 4 In 'l.oullier 5-2 2
30 Constellator Ml 3 ... 14 11 114 2 4 Morse ,6'i,J12
The Buffoon 113 1 ... 46 42 8% 32 Jones | 4 9-2
Gold Bullion 110 2 ... 2% 8 4 4 4 4 10 I Duffy I 12 25
•3 Bamboulia 118 4 ••• 3h 2 4 61 66 Thorpe 2-3 8-5
27 San Tomas 100 « ... 62 62 66 64 Butler 5-2 5
37 Britt 11° 5 ... 7 6 74 72 7% Hobart 20 40
... Morelia IPS 7 ... 8 8 8 8 Call 1 12 40
Time— 1 :15%. Fair start. Won driving. Winner, M. Storn's b. g., by Morello-Sunllt.
jO FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; sell ; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $300.
kIcjc. Horse.' Ace. Wight. St. 4m. 4m. %m. . Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. OIL
i S3 * Cromwell, 6 1071 1 . ... 14 11 ... 13 Mackin ) 2-3 4-5
(33)' New Moon, 6 102 4 ... J 1 2n ... 2% Butler 5-2 2
?l Manranllla, 5 107; 7 ... J 4 3 4 ... 3 4 Bennett 6 12
33 Twinkle Twlnk, 6.. 108} 5 ; ... £* <2 ... 4% Jones 5 8
:tl Meadow Dark, a.... 103 6 ... "J5 J 10 ... 66 Morse 3 9-2
... Senator Wilson, 4. .103 3 .... » 1 6 15 ... 6 15 Flynn 20 40
... Fred Gardner, 8....1WI 2 ... 7 7 ... 7 Duffy 20 40
23 Com. Traveler, 4...107] * ... ••• ... Mounce 5 3
•Left -'.•'.'. .:.:-.'.""' ,.;.. '•■-
Tlme-l:2S4. Bad start. Won easily. Winner, Cambridge Stable's ch. h., by St. Blalse-
Flavina. '.'m^gil
BURLINGAME HORSE SHOW ATTRACTS SOCIETY PEOPLE.
The horse show and open-air fete held yesterday on the club grounds was a
signal success. It lias assumed a permanent place in the social life of the little
colony down in the foothills of San Mateo. It is purposed to hold a show in this
city next year, owing to the keen interest shown in horses and appropriate equi
pages.
second heat of the match race between
Allerto and Arpallo for a purse of $1000.
which was postponed from the opening
day of the fair. Allerto had won the first
heat by three lengths in 2:24%. When the
second heat was called, the race being the
best two in three. Allerto broke at the
quarter and Arpallo went ahead about
ten lengths. On the way to the stretch
Allerto caught up and both drivers were
whipping in the finish. Arpallo winning
by an open length. About twenty-five
yards past the wire the horse fell dead.
The weather and track were all that
could be desired for racing and about 6000
persons were in the stand. The opening
race was the fifth heat of the 2:22 pact-,
postponed from Friday. Dan Patchen win
ning the heat and race, and at th" same
time cutting his mark down from 2:ll>>* to
2:lo>i- Results:
■ -.18 trot, mile heats, best three in five, purse
$250 — Barolite won thp first, second and fourth i
heats. Time, 2:l'j ! .4. 2:13%, 17%. Robin
Downs won the third beat in 2:204 and was
second. Melle Clifford third. Loll and Ecstasy
also started.
2:17 pace, mile heats, best three In five, purse
$■)-,(,_ , |ck Turpln won the second, third and
fourth heats. Time, 2:15%; 2:13',, 2:17%. Dell
S won the second heat In 2:l3 : >i and was sec
ond, Prince Stevens third. Ella Range aJso
started.
Match race, mile heats, best two in three,
purse $300 — Norway won the second and third
heats. Time, 2:24%, 2:30. Count Tolstoi won
the first heat in Z:2BMi and was second, Alor'.a
third. , .
Mile dash running: race— Melody won. Sun
burst second. Alma third. Time not Klvfn.
Half-mile running race, best two in three
heats— Marble Rock won in straight heats.
Mill Mason was second in the first heat and
Uncle Dan In the second heat. The time of
the first heat was :51 and the last heat was
made in :50*4.
BUFFALO, Sept. 6.— Dissolute carried 113
pounds In the two-year-old handicap at Fort
Erie this afternoon and won a handy race, per
haps the best performance of the meeting.
Weather clear; track fast. Results:
One mile — Fresco won, Joe Weber second.
Traveler third. Time. 1:42%.
Five furlongs— Left Bower won, Alfred C
second. Daily Report third. Time, 1:01%.
One — Arequebus won. Bellpunch second.
Crystalline third. Time, 1:40%.
Mile and a sixteenth— Allle Belle won. Beau
Ideal second, Red Pirate third. Time. 1:47*.
Five furlongs — Dissolute won, Kin« l)<-!iis
second. Advance Guard third. Time, 1:01%.
Short course steeplechase — Phllae won. La
Colona second, Fred Perkins third. Time, 3:01.
THE SAN lOtANCJSCO CALL. SUNDAY, . SEPTEMBER 10. 1899.
' " -■ *' ' ■ __^ * v' ■ ■ j fc
TOGGLES SETS
A NEW TRACK
RECORD
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Sept o.— Native Sons 1
flay at the truck brought another im
mense tiiroriK of people to Agricultural
I'.itk. The weather was piping hot ai.'l
the grand • a : : .i looked a mass &i pretty
gay colors and swishing fans, whil<
in the betting ring v. ■■ people In the crowd
naturedly crushed and jostled >■.;' li ■
other in an effort to get their coin In on
the mah^ things that were in cir
culation. Stylish turnouts and the old
fashioned blackboard wen also In profu
sion in the Infield. Th< greal free-for-all
I ■ Vinctor stake were
• attractions of the grand card
. dri\ n by * harl<
Clark, settled once tor all who is. entitled
termed the champion of his el
for the little bay gelding downed a high
class field in straight heats and In doing
so set a new track race record of 2:11).
Azot< in 1894 stepped a faster mile, but not
in an actual contest
In the Vinctor stake the esohschnltzia
if Mat Stora were carried to the front I
by Jennie K'-i<i, ridden by young Loulller,
with Hohenzollern, Libertine and Nllgar
finishing m the cloud of dust left behind
by the winner, oi five favorites furnished
oil thr iriL-nu. but two earned brackets.
William Kleldwick had the track in rare
,v i condition, and those who looked for
last time were not disappointed. The
2:20 pace was lirst called, with Wild Nut
ling selling favorite over the field. For
the opening heat (laff Topsail drew the
pole position, but It availed the chestnut
horse nothing. Valeria soon headed the
bunch, with the favorite in close attend
ance. Straightened for home, Donathan
called on \\ il<l Nutllng and at the wire
won easily, with Myrtha Whips second
and Gaff Topsail third.
In the heat following Dick Havey
sprung a surprise with KoMet, going to
the front and beating Nutling out very
handily at the wire. The same man- re
peated the trick in the third heat, Wild
Nntlinp stopping to a walk. Then came
another change. The Myrtha Whips party
backed the odds against the mare from 5
!,, 2 to l to -. and she took the next thred
heats in impressive fashion. In the fourth
heat Wild Nutllng pulled up badly dis
tressed and was drawn. Best time made,
2:12.
When tho free-for-all was called friends
of the past did not forsake the old cam
paigner Klamath, for in the. auction
pools he brought 8 against 10 for Toggles
and 3 for the field, consisting of Clay S,
Hazel Kinney, Boodle. Prince Gift and
Neernut. Boodle, driven by Bunch, had
the pole position in the opening heat, and
to a perfect start showed first until near
ing the bend for home, where Toggles
strode Into first position, winning frc*i
the deposed leader without being pressed
Klamath made a couple of "jimmies"
during the' trip, but managed to finish
third. The next heat was a repetition
almost of the first, only that Toggles led
from the word, passing the judges five
lengths uhead of Klamath. Neernut, of
which great things were expected, was
third in this heat.
Of the four starters for the Vinctor
stake, over a mile, the Sacramento con
tingent sent Nilgai* with Jack Ward up
to the post a slight choice over Jennie
Reid Libertine and Hohenzollern were
both 2 to 1 chances in the betting. Havey
made a perfect start and Libertine and
Hohenzollern at once made for the had,
.lighting it out for nearly six furlongs.
Well into the stretch I>>ullier made his
move with Jennie Reid, disposing of
Hohenzollern at the wire somewhat easily
by a length In 1:41%. The favorite ran
last.
A six-furlong dash for two-year-olds,
which followed, was responsible for the
downfall of Bamboulia, The big colt was
sen! to the post a pronounced choice, hut
Thorpe, who had the mount, was pock
eted the first part and at the end did not
figure among the first three. With the
race well in hand Morse, astride Con-
Btellator, fell asleep during the final
Stages of the game and was beaten out
a neck by Sunello, the Storn entry, which
came fast from the rear. Show honors
went to The Buffoon
Cromwell, a 4 to 5 favorite, with Mack
lin in the saddle, managed to beat the
harrier in the closing seven-furlong event
and was never headed. Isew Moon closed
up a vast amount of lost ground, taking
the place in a drive from Manzanilla.
Western Golf Champion.
CHICAGO, Sept. 9.— David B. Forgan
of the Onwentsia Club Is the first West
ern amateur golf champion- In the final
match played to-day at the Glenvlew Oolt
and Polo Club he defeated his club mat.'
\V K. Egan, by a score of six up and liva
tn play. Forpan's victory was a ponular
one, in that he is one of the pioneers of
the sport in the West. He praetioaily
broke the amateur record for the course
In the afternoon, for, although he to
taled 80, he was twice stymied when so
close to the hole that the puts would
have bren a certainty.
Advance* made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
p
BLUE RIBBONS
FOR CAROLAN
AT BURLINGAME
The open-air horse show and fete of the
Burllngame Country Club has passed into
history, leaving but pleasant memories,
with none of the heartburnings that some
times attend such competitions. The
judging gave general satisfaction, the de
cisions of C. A. Baldwin, Norman Brough
and J. C. Kirkpatrick heing, without ex
ception, commended. The attendance was
the largest ever attracted by a show on
the club grounds, the balcony of the club
house being thronged throughout the day.
The unqualified success of the affair will
undoubtedly result in a show being held
in this city next year. Major Kathbone,
H. J. Crocker. George Newhall, J. B.
Crockett and other members of th<^ Horse
Show a. lation of che Pacific Coast,
all expressed themselves as favoral
thf project. A further indication of the
development of the taste for high-class
sports "f the field on this coast Is the
projected visit of a team <<( Canadian
polo players. They arc expected for the
next I>'-1 Monte season and will bring
their Jinnies.
The most Interesting of the competi
tions yesterday were two in which ladies
drove. Among the skillful "whips" were
.Mis. George Lent, Mrs. 1\ P. Frank. Miss
Hopkins. Mrs. J. S. Tobin, Miss Crockett,
Miss S.ntt and Mrs. H. J. Crocker. Miss
Hopkins, driving one of Mr. Carolan's
horßes. won In the first class, while Mrs.
J. S. Tobin was the victor the second
tint-, driving a pair of her own horses.
All the young women showed skill in the
handling of their spirited animals.
To horsemen the most Important class
was t)i;;t open to all harness horses. It
was w>n by Georjre Pope's bay mare
Sweetheart Bhe won twice at Madison
Squari Garden and again at the horse
show in thla city. John Parrott's entries
flnishi (I si cond and third.
K. J. Carolan wa3 closely pressed for
honors '■ ■■ the various members of the
Tobin family. Richard, Joseph and Oliver
won ei.L'hi blue ribbons- and three of red,
while Mr. Carolan won nine first prizes
and was second twice. His winnings in
clude thr. <■ valuable silver cups, the To
bins Becuring two and George Pope the
other one offered. John Parrott won two
firsts and four seconds: George Pope three
firsts and two seconds; Mrs. P. P. French
one first, and H. J. Crocker two seconds.
The programme included jumping com
petitions and tandem and four-in-hand
Annual Inter-Club Regatta-A Long Chapter of Incidents.
The Emma fouls J. TV. P^w's speedy sloop Truant and puts her out of t the contest almost immediately nfter thstart: the Amlßo is towod homA with *.
broken mast and all her standing rigging wrecked; the Merope drops a man overboard; the Mignon has her mainsail ripped, and the Aeolus fouls the whaxL
driving.
The officers of the club, headed by Ma
jor J. L. Rathbone, and the other officers
especially charged with the handling of
the exhibition, were tireless in the per
formance of their duties. Richard Gra
ham, the ringmaster, did yeoman duty
in an effort to get the equipages into the
ring on time. The detailed results of the
competitions follow:
Harness horses, open, class, over -15 hands 3
inches — Won by John Parrott's Sovereign and
Prime Minister, George A. Pope's Native Son
and Majesty second.
Harness horses, under 15 hands 3 Inches —
by F. J. Carolan's Athlete, John Parrott's All
Baba. second, same owner's Peplta third.
•Sporting tandem team— Won by F. J. Caro
lan. R. M. Tobin second.
Harness horses suitable for brougham — Won
by Sirs. F. P. Frank's Prince; George A. Pope's
Actfjr second and J. I), Grant's Majesty third.
■ Harness horses, best pair, under 15 hands 3
inches— Won by P. ,T. Carolan's Pastime and
Pleasure: John Parrot fa Brimstone and Bung
alow Belle second and Mrs. F. P. Frank's Ro
mulus and Remus third.
Saddle horses, not exceeding IS hands 2 Inches
— Won by F. J. Carolan's Lady Love; Timothy
Hopkins' Peyton second and John Parrott's
Bogle Man third.
Appointment class, best horse not over 15
hands 3 inches, suitable for lady— by F.
J. Cardan's Pleasure, driven by Miss Hopkins;
J. S. Tobin's Shadow second, driven by Mrs.
J. B. Tobln, and Princess Poniatowski's King
third, driven by Mlse Scott.
appointment class, best horse and run-about
—Won by .1. S. Tobln 1 ? Shadow: F. J. Caro
lan'i Athlete second and Mrs. F. P. Frank's
Remus third.
Four-in-hands, best road team— Won by
George A. Pope; Henry J. Crocker second and
George A. Newhall third.
Jumping; class— Won by F. J. Carolan on
Merry Boy. John I^awson on A. B. William
son's Blucher second. '= » .-.-:■■
Pony tandems— Won by R. M. Tobln with
Rostna and Duke. F. J. Carolan second with
Blase Away and Fiddlesticks.
Harness horses, best high stepper in the
show, champion class— won by George A.
Pope's Sweetheart, John Parrott's Peplta sec
ond and same owner's Bravo third.
Best high jumper— Won by F. J. Carolan's
Merry Boy. San Francisco Riding Club's Dead
wood second.
Appointment class, best pair of horses, suit
able for lady, ladies to drive— Won by J. S.
Tobin's Sunshine and Shadow, driven by Mrs.
J. R. Tobin: F. J. Carolan's Pastime and
Pleasure driven by Miss Crockett, second: Miss
Mary Crocker's Attempt and Paquita, driven
by owner, third.
Best pony four-in-hand— Won by F. J. Caro
lan, R. M. Tobln second.
Bestlharnwss tandem— Won by John Parrott's
, All Baba and Pepita, B. I>. Beylard's Lancer
and Tommy Tomklns second and John Par
rott's Bungalow Belle and Brimstone third.
Tandem driving contest— Won by Richard
j Tobln, H. J. Crocker second.
Polo ponies, shown at the bending poles— Won
by J. S Tobin's Peanuts, Pletro D. Martin's
Santa Monica second and F. J. Carolan's Hoo
i doo thitil.
i Polo ball driving contest— Won by Oliver
| Tobln. - - . • -
Four-ln-hand park teams— Won by George A.
I Pope, George A. Newhall second.
HORSE SHOW: Prizes Awarded at Burlingame.
COURSING : Running Qff the Produce Stake.
RACES: Close Finishes, Sacramento Fair.
Pony jumping class-Won by Oliver Tobln
""conflation jumping class-Won by J. Dyer
on Max.
Visiting Cricketers Win.
The eleven of the Santa Cruz Country
Club which is visiting the cricketers of
this city, played its first match yesterday
against the Alameda team on the Alameda
grounds, and won by 27 runs in the first
inning" The Alameda club played two
men *hort and none of the team except
PeJl Bird' and McLean made any stand
aea in«t the bowling of Bowley. who cap
?urVd six wickets for eleven runs. In
ther second innings the Santa Cn« men
"cored 110 runs fnr six wickets, to whn l
BowlO contributed 31 and Ritchie, not
°Ta-dav the visitors will play against an
eleven of the Pacific club at Alameda.
On the Go.f Links.
The «=cmi-flnal and final rounds of the
ladies' cup and council cup competitions
were played off yesterday on the San Ra
fael club's links. The first lady to have
her name inscribed on the ladies' cup will
! he Mrs. R. Oilman Brown, while the first
gentleman whose appellation and
will lie perpetuated on the council cup
is E. J. McCutchen. The ladies' handicap
competition, at nine holes, medal play,
was won by Mrs. Denis Donohoe Jr.. and
the men's handicap, at eighteen holes,
| medal play, by S. H. Boardman.
ANNUAL REGATTA OF THE PACIFIC INTERCLUB YACHT ASSOCIATION.
TWENTY-FIVE FOOT ('LAPP.
I 1 i Time |Starting|Finish'g j Elapsed I Corr" ted
iRacl'gl all'W-1 Time. Time. | Time. I Time.
YACHT. No. le'gth. I Rig. ante. !
I i M S. H. M. S. H. M. S. H. M. S. H. M. S.
Merope 62 J 23.24 ! Sloop I 12:10:00 I 2:58:58 ! 2:48:58 j 2:4S:5S
Phoenicia 71 j 22.34 j Sloop I I ! |
THIRTY-FOOT CLASS.
Aeolus I 2 I 28.28 Sloop j 00:30 [ 12:20:00 3:42:17 I 3:22:17 3:21:47
Amigo 4 1 88.58 Sloop 00:10 j 12:20:00 3:45:06 ' 3:24:46 3:24:36
Misnnn 24 28.40 Sloop 00:20 12:20:00 •
Truant 97 27.66 Sloop 01:31 i 12:20:00 •-
V and 1 98 26.72 Sloop (1.1:18 ! j
Presto 124 j 2S.65 Sloop 00:00 12:20:00 3:56:14 3:36:14 3:36:14
Sans Soucl 125 j 2S.09 Sloop 00:50 12:20:CO •:
THIRTY-SIX-FOOT CLASS.
Edna I 23 34.42 Sloop . 00:00 '12:30:00 I 3:37:43 3:07:43 I 3:07:43
Embla 25 34.37 Sloop 00:00 \ 12:30:00 3:58:52 3:28:52 3:28:52
Emma 29 Sloop '.. j 12:30:00 •
Freda 37 Sloop ....... •/ =
Jessie E [ 126 31.19 Sloop 04:15 | 12:30:00 *
FORTY-FOUR-FOOT CLASS. ,
Speedwell j 89 I 36.32 I Sloop I 02:51 ] 12:40:00 I 3:51:58 I 3:11:58 J 3:09:07
Ella I 26 I 88.90 | Sloop | 00:00 j 12:40:00 j. 3:39:27 | 2:59:27 | 2:59:27
•Did not finish.
BREEZES BLOW
TOO HARD FOR
SMALL YACHTS
/Eolus Outfoots All Competitors
in Her Class and Carries Off
the Fourth Macdonough Cup.
The fourth of th* series of five cups pre
sented annually to the Pacific Inter.-lub
Yacht Association by J. M. Macdonough
I was won yesterday by Carl Westerfeld
■ nnd R. H. Morrow's sloop Aeolus, thl
ing the third Macdonough trophy cai
off by that speedy craft. In the thlrty
■ Bix-foot class B. !•'. Sugar's sloop Edna
d< feated her old rival. K. N. Walter and
M< Loughland brothers' sloop Bmbla. by
1 the handsome margin of 21 mm i •
! onds. corrected tlm.\ In forty-four-foot
class. F. K. Ames' Ella defeated B. Don >-
hop's Spe< Iwell, by 9 minutes and 40
I onds corrected time. Hoth boats carried
1 working sails only, and - dwell
ti wed a small boat throughout the race.
At 9 o'clock yesterday morning
' was a piping breeze on tin bay, so that
; the twenty-footers Kit ti wake, [dlei
i Petrel did not come over to the
\ front. The little sloop Doris sailed over
; from Tiburon, but founi
; stiff that she did not cross the si
j line. Among the twenty-five-footers l.
W. Hurndall's Merope was the only
starter. She covered the- short
and will receive the class pennant. H. ...
Simpkins' Mistral had been enti red in the
twenty-five-foot class too lan for her
name to appear in the list of enti - The
entry, however, was accepted and
put out from Tibtiron. but <!!■!
the starting line. In the thim
there were six starters, but only t
these finished.
The race lost a strong 1 element of inter
est from the fact that J. W. Pew -
ant, the most dangerous rival
Aeolus, was put out of the contest
minutes after crossing the startin-
The Aeolus came up to the line sh<:
before the signal to start was giw
slacked sheets and hovered along It, I
ally crossing It on the port tack
fifteen seconds after the whistle. X
seconds later the Presto and the Amij:
went across, and five minutes after the
whistle Gorter's Sans Soucl crossed. Th:
Truant and Mignon were the last to pass
over the line, about ten minutes late.
The Emma, on the port tack, bore duw:i
upon the Truant on the starboard tack,
and getting her bowsprit entangled in the
Truant's topping-lift, slewed her round s>
that the Truant ran head on toward the
wharf. Fortunately sh« struck Kanf 9
launch, which was moored alongside ths
wharf obliquely, and her peak having
been quickly dropped, did herself litt!. In
jury. She was compelled to retire frcrti
the race.
This was the first of a long- chapter of
accidents. In gibing around Blossom
Rock buoy the Mignon carried away tl^'
traveler from the mast and tore her main
sail also retiring from the race. H .\
Hurndall, brother of P. W. Hurndali.
owner of the Merope, fell overboard ami
was picked up by Frank Stone's Presto.
Just after she had crossed the finishing
line a winner the Aeolus attempted to put
about, but had not enough sea room ami
fouled the wharf. She was soon cleared,
having sustained no damage. A few min
utes later the Amigo. which had also com
pleted the course, was struck by a squall
and carried violently against the Powell
street wharf, under which her bowsprit
passed. The starboard bow struck the
piles with such force that the mast
snapped off at about the middle, bringing
down all the standing rigging. Fortunat?
ly the broken mast hurt no one and as
soon as the sails, spars and running rig
ging had been pulled aboard the tug Aleri
came up and took her in tow.
1 The regatta was full of incident and pro
i vlded plenty of sport to the spectators an !
j a good deal of excitpment to the yachts
i men. Only eight boat* finished, ami of
. these all but the M< at over th-r
middle course, estimated at fourteen nau
ti..;:l miles. A. .7. Young's sloop Clara was
the windward Btakeboat and w. S. <;r<r,-
. :'s yawl Arcturus was the leeward staki -
boat. The Merope salted the short course,
reckoned at ten nautical miles. TI
results are shown in the annexed table:
For More Sports See Page 18.OPENLY DEFY
THEIR EMPEROR
Agrarians Active in
Germany.
BERLIN. Sept. 9.— The situation in
Internal politics has been somewhat in- !
tensified this week. The dismissal of '
several Cabinet members and a number I
of higher Prussian officials is merely a
symptom of this. The Emperor, as
King of Prussia, before starting for the
man- - had lengthy conversations !
•with Prince yon Hohenlohe, the Imper
ial Chancellor and President of the
Prussian Council of Ministers, and Dr. I
Mlquel, Vice President of the Council
and Minister of Finance, In which the
difficulties of the situation were thor- i
oughly discussed. The Emperor hopes '
to see the canal bill pass when it is re- j
Introduced, with modifications, at the '
next session, notwithstanding the op- I
position of the Agrarians. In this he '
will probably be disappointed, Respite I
the methods empldyed In disciplining i
the Agrarians aid the Government of- {
facials serving as delegates to the Diet, i
The Emperor is resolved to go to the '■
length of forcing the resignation of ;
every official, be he high or low. who ;
actively sympathizes with the powerful
Agrarian Society, the Bund der Land- I
■wirthe. This, will strike many.
At a secret meeting of the Agrarian
leaders this week it was resolved to try
to checkmate the Emperor by playing
off the canal bill against the anti-strike
measure and thus render impossible
the immediate dissolution of the Diet,
lor it is argued that the Emperor can
not rely on the Agrarians and Con- !
servatives to father his pet and the
strike bill and at the same time dis
solve the Diet because the same memb
ers do not sanction another of his pet
measures.
The Agrarian leaders will do their
Utmost to impress this upon the Em- ',
peror'a mind. They also count on the \
probability of the dissolution of the 1
Reichstag on the rejection of the anti- !
strike bill, of which there is hardly a |
doubt, as the Center and the Left are j
resolved to bury the measure igno- (
mir.iously. Besides, the Agrarians be- j
lieve that they have a chance of de- j
feating the renewal of the commercial
treaties, especially the one with Rus- |
E'a. or of considerably modifying them, j
co as to render them unacceptable to i
the other governments. They will in- j
cist upon a higher tariff on Russian
cereals, which Russia will not stand.
They also strongly hope that the com- i
merciai treaty with the United States
will not be ready for presentation to
the. Reichstag at its next session and
that the failure of the other treaties
will involve that with the United j
States.
In the meantime it is reported that
the Emperor is furious with the i
Agrarians, -and the Associated Press;
representative here learns that his
Majesty has pronounced in favor of a !
rc-inliche scheindung (clear secaration) '
between the Agrarians and the Govern
■ ment. saying that such a party had no
reason to be in .--..-. where every ■
government for generations has been ;
solicitous for the country's agricultural
interests; and that this class of Doli- ■ :
tics has gone about far enough, He is : ;
particularly wroth at the way in which ;
the ' Agrarian press has handled him : '
and the Cabinet. The leading Agrarian .
journals ad many conservative organs ■ .
have been very outspoken. The ' !
Deutsche Agrar correspondent even ad- ; .
vised putting the members of the Cab- ; <
met submitting to the wishes of the j I
Emperor under parliamentary, public : !
and social ban until his Majesty should ; |
be unable to find mere creatures to do ; .
his will and should then be oblisred to , '
take men for ministers. The official or- ! :
pan of the Conservatives condemns the . '
disciplining of orficials. | j
The Deutsche Zeitung. under the cap- j '
tion "Continued in Our s-\-.' says: | .
"The executions under the present j
Cabinet. have come in sections, like a
s-r;al novel."
The Liberal papers comment various- |
: ly. Herr Eugene Richter. the Radical ■' •
leader, condemns the Government and ! .
announces that his party the Freis- '■ '.
Einige Volkspartei. will introduce some j '
Eensatlonal bills In the Reichstae and ; •
the Diet. ) .
An amusing feature nf the press cam- ; '
palgn asair.st the Emperor and the ; \
Government is that the Conservative?, I ;
■who. v.-hile enjoying the favor of the ; ■
Government, were opposed to the con- : '<
stitutlon and parliamentarism, hare ' *
become great friends of them. One ft:
the main organs of the party says: '.
"This is necessary in order to con- i (
vince the monarch that we are no : 1
!r.i?er Viia vact;a!<i Tr has hwnmo nnc ' <
- -, v " -r '^/^ i I
A . A
* Judge our prices — an d]j
jyou will trade with us. ,
9- Tr 0
a If you care to save money i
>you can do it here. a
Butter. square37ci
. Have your choice
. f Kumbbldt County or Point R»t?s. 0
. Quality gu^rau:e-d <mci y fanc-r.
w Honda-. , Tue«oay and Wednc-^.iy. w
Shrimp .can 10c^
a Packed drv — in?i-ie ol can lined a
V with parchment paper. f
f Extra Soda Crackers Q
t pn'cf SS C . r iolbbox3oc#
m ■ to low. 4
fK. C. Baking Powder. loci
- 15 oz. o-n— regular price jjc ±
UVliite Rose Flour. . 50 lb \
9 Bes fiour that Sp-rry <-<, r V Q(V-
a makes. Mnst -good, SaCK JUCi
Cottolene 5 lb can 40c.)
Healthy Restitute &r lird. '.
0 Made from pure vegetable oil. f
#Kofeko— Health Coffee 0
i Orgnal malted ilbokp-lOci
f cerra'.. A strong llupK^iVLj)
x favorite for • rople „ *' " i^tnA
9 rot usia? coffee. 2 IOCf
: rench Sugar Peas $
A Gem. imported— __- n^ T )c4
V small.sweet and select. 2CanS^OC^
'Ceylon Tea lb 35c^
0 Straight or mired with Oolong— '.his 0
price is for regular «oc customers. \
A Postum Cereal ....large 20c^
V Regular 25c. . 9
(fGhirardelli's Chocolate.... 4
A Regular 5C M l,» O r i
» h or eating or cooking v_«ajvc <j^.
Tjava and Mocha Coffee.... \
6 Straight bend. A trial of this 11, 9ft *
\ will give v.» your c trade. 1 D •>' I. , '•
fUncolored Japan Tea y
V Tea leaves, pure and perfect. 11^ OX^f j
a First import f this year's crop 1 '-' 'J'J^J ;
4 EIGHT SAVING STORES: i
A T3! Market St. 8. F. 1311 Polk St. 8. T. A
V 1060 Wwkißgtea. O»* 6h*track At. B«rk«I«7 f j
f,■ llrh k lnh At. " Tit * VTood. O»k »
of the duties of the Conservatives to
defend the constitution for the good of
the whole nation against those who in
fringe it."
The attitude of the rural population
shows no approval of the Government's
disciplinary measures. One dismissed
official. Herr yon Brockhausen. was
honored by a torchlight procession in
the Dramburg district, in which the
whole local population participated. A
number of officials intend to show their
■ :Uhy with the Agrarians by re-
Bigning. These include President yon
Puttkamer of Pomerania and President
yon Tischowa of Koenigsburg. The
situation as a whole is that of a drawn
bartie between his Majesty and the
"ians. the latter meaning to dem
ote the paramouncy of Prussia,
even when the Emperor, as Kir.g, op
poses them. All we -i persons,
irrespective of party, expect that the
Emperor will be defeated in the end.
A BIG PRESIDIO BLAZE.
Twenty Thousand Dollar Con
flagration That Destroyed
the Old Corral.
A large fire broke out at the Presidio
at 5:"» yesterday morning, completely de
stroying- the two-story frame building- ad
joining the officers' club, which has been
generally known as the "bachelors' cor
ral." The fire, which it Is supposed origi
nated !n the kitchen, was first discovered
by the sentry on guard, who promptly
sounded the alarm. Lieutenant Evans,
Fire Marshal of the post, was promptly
or. hand, lines of hose were laid and soon
sever streams of water were playing
or. the conflagration. Soon after a couple
cf engines arrived from the near-by city
stations and added their efforts to aid the
soldiers. But ail these efforts, owing to
the poverty of the water supply, proved
unavailing, and a little before noon ..A
that remained of the corral" was a heap
of smoldering ruir.s. over which two tall
chimneys stood guard. During the after- ,
noon one of the chimneys tell.
This is the thirteenth time the building
had been or. fire and the third time within
the present year. The ioss is estimated at
about 520.0». including the $5000 which
was expended in repairs after ..he last
blaze.
Those who ■were living in the house at
the time of last night's fire mar.aced to
save most of their property, though it
was considerably damaged by smoke and
water. The*' were Mrs. Nelson, wife of
Lieutenant Neiscn; Mrs. Swift, wife of
Chaplain Swift: the family of Dr. Ped'ar.
Assistant Surgeon at the Post Hospital;
the family of Chaplain Aliens worth; Lieu
tenant Gardner axd Lieutenant Brower.
PLAYER FOLK,
THROUGH THE
CRITIC'S EYE
IN this latitude neither sun nor rain
is vertical in its attacks, and ihe
critical pen seems much affected by
the climate. It starts out ink-full
of the most downright crushing inten
tions, and swerves to windward about
half way to the paper, blown thither by
the wind of justice, or what masquerades
for justice. With the thought In mind
rhat "no one is respectable who is not
just,'' the mask is too often greeted un
writtingly as the face and this should not
be. Especially is this true when high
priced productions are in review. A dol
!ar and a half presupposes a good play.
a first-class company, correct and artis
tic scenery, and :he exhaustive rehearsai
of adequate stage management. When
the foremost theater fails to keep this
faith with the public, empty benches are
and should be the result. Mr. Clement's
is at best a two-man company— himself
and Augustus Cook. Add to this draw
back one poor play and one familiar and
you have the cause of small houses. With
the popu!ar-priced theater offering co
much that is good, patronage wilt follow
only in the wake of full vaiue received.
To surround oneself with a mediocre com
pany is the most unwise thing a young
man can do, for fame will not outlast
success. And now there Is the monotony
of two closed theaters, at a time when
the world is back from the seashore and
eady to be amuse-i. But something too
nuch of this . -■••—- .-. look into
the future is the remedy. Madame Mod
jeska, "The Christian." the Bcstonians.
Nat Goodwin, Mrs. Carter in "Zaza,"
Maude Adams, the Lyceum Theater Stock
Company in "Tre'.nwny." Oiga Nether
so!e and the Kenda's are some of the
figures one .... there. Some far enough
away to appear like shapes at dusk near
the drab ecge of a forest, but with pa
tience they will be reached.
• • m
There is neither shade nor shelter from
amusement at the Gr;>heum this week,
and the audience sits with bared, unpro
tected head, not seeming to mind it in
the least. In fact, it seems to rather en
joy it — especially, if one may judge by ap
plause, the little dancers. Charley Case
and Felix Morris. I should lik*; to know
just what tiny current of agitation nils
the breasts of little Arnold and Hazel
when such big applause answers their
efforts. I wonder if they care for dolls
and ... Charley Case has been finding
out some new things about his father
and means this week to let San Francisco
Into the secrets. The Bachelor Club Quar
tet, four young men who in twenty min
utes reveal four hours of the club life of
fashionable Bohemia are billed as the
chief attraction to-night, and are said to
be clever comedians and singers. The
Crawford sisters, character change art
ists, and White and Harris, comedy
sketch people, are also new. The oil
favorites wfl] freshen their acts with nov
elties promised to please.
• • •
The oftener I listen to opera, comic and
srrand. the more thoroughly am I con
vinced' that most of the sober singers (by
this I m<--an those who are not comedians)
have •■.-.. costume to distinguish
them from the concert artist. Especially
i~ this so in solo work, for each in turn
walks straigh' to the front of the stage
v.-hf-never possible and sings confidentially
to the audience as though they were part
of the company. Could anything be
more thoroughly inartistic and ridic
ulous? ' Gesture seems a matter of time
and beat and phrase, and if there is any
intellectual significance to It, what that
significance is is caviare to the general
publci. Grand opera makes such demands
upon the voice that, save with the very
greatest, dramatic impulse must be kept
in check for the sake of smooth delivery.
Th^re are four artists on the Tlvoii stage
who rise well to the dignity of gTand
opera— Salas?a, Berthald, Avedano and
Prossnitz. Of these Salassa is the only
one who acts, and he often does so most
unwiliir.glv. The bravas of enthusiasm
are all tor the well-sung numbers, for
the import of the score is. under the cir
cumstances, about last in tte thought of
an audience.
• • •
"El Capitan" has drawn very large
houses at the Grand Opera-house and set
the tf>wn again to whistling Sousa. This
week "Fatinitza." bright in dialogue and
merry in music, as I remember it, wi!> be
sung. The stage manager promises some
novel features.
• • -■■» •■: 1 \
The Alcazar commenced its stock season
most auspiciously with "Christopher Jr.."
and follows the play this week with "The
Wages of Sin." The new leading man ha 3
been praised by every critic. This Is so
unusual that I hope It will not be the
means of his undoing. What a happy
family the Alcazarans are! From the '■
orchestra through the company to the
least of the scene shifters they are thor- ;
oughly loyal. This was so pleasantly »x- i
emplined on Miss Roberts' last night! The \
)iay was over and she was sitting quietly
in her dressing room removing stage war :
paint and feathers, when the orchestra \
stole quietly down, stood outside her door j
and played "Good-by, Sweetheart. Good- 1
by " Further up the corridor, in front of '
Mr. Whittlesey's door, they struck up •
"He's a Jolly Good Fellow" and followed
It by "An Lang Syne." There were i
more eyes wet than two.
• • •
What pleasant news, too, one hears of |
Edwin Stevens! Fmhman finds him !
worthy tne leading part in "His Excel- i
lency." Mr. Stevens speaks of it in let- i
ters as a dress suit part— bright i
comedy, and one he will enjoy playing j
He expects somewhat later to be called
back to New York to create a role in a
new play.
rWATJTnTTT TUA\(DOnv
CITY OF SEATTLE BRINGS
IN A CARGO OF GOLD
SEATTI-K. Sept. 9.— The steamer City
if Seattle arrived here from Alaska this
norr.ing with $500,000 In gold, $47 ■■
his being consigned to the Lnited States
v.-say Office by the Bank of British
Corta America.
THE SAM FEA^CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1599.
SKAGUAY SHAKEN
BY A TEMBLOR
The Shock Lasted Fully
Three Minutes.
Special Dispatch to The -Call.
TACOMA, Sept. 9.— Skaguay experi
enced a shock of earthquake Sunday aft
ernoon. It moved south and north, and
lasted over three minutes. Houses were
shaken and pendant articles swayed like
pendulums. The only loss so far reported
was In the Skaguay brewery, where there
are four large tanks kept full of beer to
ferment. Over a barrel of beer was
sloshed out of each tank, and fully five
barrels were lost. The floor was five or
six inches deep with beer.
As to the extent of the area where the
shock was felt, opinions differ. Some
think it was local and did not reach far
in any direction, while one Skaguay citi
zen who has visited the Hawaiian Island 3
has the temerity to prophesy that these
islands have been swallowed up by the
sea. He maintains that heretofore all
earthquakes there have had motion from
east to west, and that it has been claimed
that the Islands are so constructed that
a north to south earthquake would cer
tainly topple them into the sea.
It is known that the volcano of Ma
kushln is in eruption on Unga Island, sev
eral hundred miles to the westward of
Lynn Canal, and many believe there is
connection between these two seismic dis
turbances.
JENSEN SURROUNDED
AND EASILY CAPTURED
One of the Bandits Who Attempted
to Rob a Store in Jordan
Valley.
BOISE, Idaho. Sept. 9.— Deputy Marshal
Joseph Pinkham returned to-night from
Owyhee County with John Jensen in
- :y. The prisoner is one of two dcs
■ men who attacked Blackaby <&:
Park's store at Jordan Valley on the
evening of A - it 23, his partner, Joseph
Lawson, being killed at the time. The
I i-toffice of the town.
tered one of them
. Lt a young man who was doing up
rv.ail. T,h' rought the case
.-ai authority.
I vi Valley is in Oregon and th*» pris
bave to be sent to Portland.
was captured at South Mountain.
mped in a bunch of willow. The
rs lfarned where he was and the
c surrour. He did not
• :'ice. Jensen belongs to a des
ests that region, one
•-Ti named M r-
Icnown as "Calamity Jar.<-." This
Qcerned in the Jordan Val
■
She owed Biackaby & Parks some mon
ey. I - - me cattle I wn she
,Ud her debt of some S4K'
S id pi
rang iw - n and Jensen to raid
- the payment
and take the money an'i any mot£ they
might 1 lan leaked out and
1. who opened tire.
- that Law ki ■ 1-^d
md Jensen had t shot fuil of holes.
PRINCELY PERSON IS
DISMISSED BY THE POPE
Had Been Speculating Recklessly on
the Bourse and Defaulted for
a Large Sum.
ROME, Sept. 9.— Anti -clerical newspa
pers allese the Pope has just dismissed
:rom las personal service a certain prince
y personage who was proved to have been
r'nga^red in reckless specula on the
Bourse.
•He has bt-tn denounced by the Bourse
:omniittee n= a defaulter for I.'Mj.OW lire.
His name for the present is withheld by
>nh the Vatican authorities and the
Bourse commit! •
FRITZ SCHEEL SURE
TO REMAIN EAST NOW
:hosex symphony leader by
philadelphia people.
Ferdinand Stark Will Return This
Month — Bostonians Accept Miss
iloliere's Libretto.
Once more the original statement of a
certain change in musical circles has
proven correct as announced in this col
umn. Ir. The Call of August 13 it was
set forth that Fritz Scheel would remain
In Philadelphia and be the successor to
W. W. Giichrist, who had resigned. This
announcement evoked a storm of protests
amor.- certain musical people, who claim
ed that heel hid written to friends
h'rre that he would arrive on the
2^th day of this month. And now a
telegram to a:. Eastern profess. onal pa
per makes this positive assertion: "Fritz
Scheel, the brilliant musical director,
has been secured by the Symphony
Society of Philadelphia to conduct it&
concerts. A number of ... citi
zens made it possible by large subscrip
tions for the society to engage so capable
an artist. Scheel will now organize a new
orchestra and during the winter gi; - c a
series of concerts." '.■-- cannot be any
question as to the veracity of this tele
gram. A conversation with one of the di
rectors of the local symphony society
brought the supposition that this move of
Scheel'fl will deprive San Francisco of its
symphony concerts, as the Increased rate
of the musicians and a new conductor
would not prove a financial success.
Hence the Philharmonic Orchestra which
is to be reorganized under the direction
of Herman Genss will be the only body
upon which this city must depend for
good orchestral cor.c-
Ferdinand. Stark, who has made himself
so popular while playing at the Zinkand,
and who will scon conclude a successful
engagement at Colorado Springs, will re
turn to this city on September 23 and re
sume his former position on September
3u. He will begin with an enlarged or
chestra, and it is the sense of the manage
ment to have concerts equal in quality of
music to those given in the most promi
nent of Germany's "Rathskeller."
The Bostonians have accepted a libretto
by BIi3S M Here of this city. The libretto
Is intended for a three-act comic opera
and bears the title of "The Kossacks."
It deals with the siege of Moscow and pic
tures the victory over the French in Rus
sia. The music will be composed by Jacob
Minkowsky, who resided in this city for
some time last year and whose opera.
"The Smugglers of Badayez," will be pre
sented in Troy, N. V., on September 18 by
the Bostonians.
The Philharmonic Orchestra, under the
direction of James Hamilton Howe, has
commenced Its rehearsals for this season
and from all appearances It will prove a.
prominent factor In the musical life of
next season.
Harry Campbell, the energetic and pop
ular musical manager, has resumed the
position of treasurer at the Grand Opera-
House. where he will no doubt add to his
reputation as a conscientious and capable
young man.
Of utmost importance to the musical
circles is the unusually large and meaty
bill at the Tivoli next week. Never in
the history of local music were such two
works presented in one week as "Lohen
grin" and "Othello." The fact that the
cast for these operas has been care
fully selected should insure an artistic as
well as financial success. Berthald as Lo
hengrin Mertlns as Telramund and Mary
Linck as Ortrud will make a splendid
combination. The same may be said of
Avedano as Othello and Salassa as Jago.
Miss Prossnltz. whose E!sa received i
many complimentary notices abroad, will
do doubt be approved by the public here.
The musical services at the various syn- :
agogues for the Day of Atonement on :
Thursday next promise to be very elabo- j
rate arrß interesting. E. J. Stark has pre
pared a particularly artistic service for
Temple Emanu-El.
ALFRED METZGER.
'♦ ' " : - • :'.' Wv -■ *
"Car? stop here." this is the sign
The Market-st. Railway wish to define.
Pesainold Aluminum dc-es it for them;
Opposite "Call Bldg." 'tl« a gem.
■» » ■
Sad Death of a Cannery Girl.
OAKLAND, Sept. 9.— The death of little i
Slary Silva, aged 14 years, which occurred \
at her home, corner of Second and Alice
streets, last night, is particularly sad
from the fact that her great desire to help
support a large family was almost directly
the cause of her taking oft". At her own
suggestion she sought and found employ
ment in a local cannery a few weeks ago.
While she was pealing fruit with a knife
the blade supped and she sustained a cut
on her left hand. It did not bother her
much and tittle attention was paid the
wound, but it grew worse, and about a
week ago she had to quit work. Dr. Strat
ton was sumomned and soon diagnosed
her case as lockjaw, from which she died.
DISAPPEARANCE OF A
CONFIDENTIAL CLERK
OAKLAND. Sept. 9.— William Ring, a
confidential clerk in the employ of the
Theodore Gier Company, is missing and
h:s accounts show a shortage of several
hundred dollars. The matter has not been
reported to the police authorities, and the
employers are making an effort to bring
the young man back in crder that he may
be given a chance to redeem himself. It
is whispered that there is some woman in
the case, and Ring's employers say they
have no desire to prosecute him.
ACCIDENTALLY SHOT.
A Boy Wounded While Scuffling
Over a Revolver.
ALAMEDA. Sept.^9.— Harry Wilson, the
li-year-old son of C. L. Wilson, living at
1412 Paru street, had a. narrow escape
from instant death this morning. Young
Wilson and his cousin, Charlea Slater,
aged 13. were scuffling over a revolver
when the weapon was accidentally dis
charged, inflicting a painful though not
serious wound over the heart. The ball,
thirty-two caliber, entered at a point di
rectly over the heart, but striking a rib
glanced off to one side and Imbedded it
self in the flesh. Drs. Pond and Lubbock
attended the child, but as there are
no signs of internal hemorrhage the
physicians do not anticipate any seriou3
consequences.
■ ♦ «
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Pensions Granted and Civil Service
Examinations to Be Held.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 9.— A. H. Hiller
left Washington to-day for San Francisco,
where he •Rill prepare for holding civil
service examinations for positions in the
Census Office. Dr. B. L. Falconer will
prepare the same examinations for Ore
gon and "Washington.
Pensions— California: Original— Charles
W. Shaw. Sander. $G: James H. H
Alta, ** Supplemental— Thomas L.
Schuck, San Francisco. $2.
LAST DAY OF
THE RACES AT
SHEEPSHEAD
Mesmerist, Carrying the Top
Weight, Wins the Great
Eastern Handicap.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Sept. 9.— This was the last
day of the races at Sheepshead Bay, and
a large crowd gathered. The chief even:
was the Great Eastern handicap for two
year-olds, in which Mesmerist was asked
to carry the top weight of 130 pounds,
and nob'.r did he do it. Although Srst
away, he dropped Into second place as
Maribert took up the running. They ran
that way. with Gulden and Red Path
close up. as far as the stretch, wnen
O'Connor turned Mesmerist loose. He
went to the front so easily and main.
tamed his lead so well that there was
nothing- else In the race at the end. M •-.-:
bert held second place to the last fur
long, when Red Path and Gulden passed
him, and they finished in that order.
Ben Holliday was a slight favorite over
Muskadine and Bangle for the Autumn
cup at two miles, in spite of the fact that
I - had not been to the races In a long
time. At the fall of the nag Bangle and
L-atson went to the front, and passing the
stand for the first time they had a length
the best of It. the others being close up.
On the lower turn The Bachelor began to
move up and Bangle to fall back a trine.
When straightened out on the back
stretch Spencer began to urge the favor
ite and he responded grandly, passing his
field one by one on the outside until on
the upper turn he was at the throatiatch
of the leader. Rounding into the stretch
he was a half dozen lengths- in front, and
although Spencer had a steadying kuii
on him he won fighting for his head by
eight lengths, while The Bachelor was a
good bit ahead of Previous, the third
horse. The time was better by two-fifths
of a second than had been made before at
the track, and the same horse held the
record with twelve pounds less on his
back. Results:
Five furlong's, selling— Dangerous Maid "won. 1
Post Haste second. Federalist third. Time.
1:01 3-5.
Seven furlongs— Toluca won. Lady Madge
second. Lady Lindsay third. Time. 1:27 V
Great Eastern. Futurity course — Mesmerist
130 (O'Connor;. 6 to 5 and 1 to 2. won; Red
Path 110 (O'Leary), 13 to 1 and 6 to 1. second;
Gulden 123 (Odom), 10 to 1 and 3 to 1, third
Time. 1:10 2-5. Maribert. Enrin, Elfln Koenig.
Lieutenant Gibson, Toddy, Ten Candles. Rad
ford. Sarmatian. Colonel Roosevelt, David Gar
rick, Plucky and Standing also ran.
Autumn cup, two miles— Ben Holliday 125
(Spencer). 7 to 2 and 7 to 5. won: The Bache
lor US iClawson). 7 to 1 and 5 to 2, second;
Previous 120 (O'Connor), 7 to 1 and 5 to 2,
third. Time, 3:29. Latson. Box. Muskadine,
Thomas Cat. Bangle. Laverock and Knight of
the Garter also ran.
Steeplechase, full course— 'Wood Pigeon won,
Article second, Vanship third. Time, 3:23.
One and a sixteenth miles— Maximo Gomez
won, Dan Rice second, Jefferson third. Time,
1:49.
CHICAGO, Sept. Ten thousand peo
ple saw the races at Hawthorne to-day.
There was a delay of an hour and "five
minutes at the post In the second race,
±nd finally Florizar. Red Gold end Jug
gler were left at the post. Tulla Fonso
and Jolly Roger were the only winning
favorites. Results:
Six furlong*, selling — Hop Scotch won, Rus
kin second, Woodranger third. Time. 1:154. -
Seven turiongs, handicap— Tulla Fonso won, |
Montgomery second. Tar Hill third. Time, I
1:2^;.
Six furlongs. — King's Highway won,
Tenole second, Afamada third. Time, 1:13.
Short course steeplechase, handicap— Three
Forks won. Gypcelver second. Marble third.
Time. 3 •--. i
Or.c mile and seventy yards — Roger wen,
John Baker second, Hard\Knot third. Time,
I :**%.
One mile, eellir.ir— King Bermuda won. Jack
anapes second, Tappan third. Time, 1:42.
ST. AGNES CHURCH FAIR.
A fair will be given by the parishioners
or St. Aggies Church in Pioneer Hall.
Fourth street, near Market, from October
16 to October 2S inclusive. A large num-
I ber of valuable articles have been col
lected by the ladles in charge of the vari
ous booths, and the bazaar promises to be
quite an event in Catholic circles. A re
ception will be given at the residence of
Mrs. P. A. McDonald, Ashbury street,
next Wednesday evening in aid of the fair.
Following is a list of the ladles who have
charge of the various booths:
Table No. I— Presided over by Mrs. "William
Cronan, assisted by Mrs. Spencer, the Misses
R-ley Mrs. and the Misses White. Mrs. QrlCfin,
Mrs Whelm Finn. Mrs. Maxwell.
Table No 2— Presided over by Mrs. Gill and
Mrs. P. A. McDonald. assisted by Miss Mc-
Donald Vrs. and Miss Bulger, Mrs. Kingston,
Mis* Mu.-tha. Mrs. McCarthy. Mrs. Lennen.
Mrs. yd. Mrs. Garrlty. Mrs. Clarice.
Table No. 3— Presided over by Mrs. Harney,
assisted by Mrs. McFadden. Mrs. O'Brien. Mrs.
Curtaz, Mrs. Martin McKlnnon, Mrs. Whelan.
Table No. Presided over by • Mrs. Smith,
assisted, by Mrs. Worthington. Mrs. Mahoney,
Mrs. Ryan. Mrs. Moore. Miss O'Brien, the
Misses Burns. • ■ ■ ■ • - ■ ■
Table No. s— Presided over, by Mrs. Reardan.
assisted by Mrs. Caren, Mrs. Butler. Mrs. Pen
dergast. Mrs. Campbell. Mrs. Bevans, the
Misses Quigley. Schrfcke. Gallegos.
Table No. *— Presided over by Mrs. W. Rnd
dick assisted by Mrs. May, Mrs. McGuire. Mrs.
Lang. Mrs. Harris. Mrs. McEnerney, Mrs. Mc-
Grath, Mr*. English.- Mrs. Spotomo.
Mrs. McEr.emey will edit the Bazaar Journal,
with Miss Burnett as assistant editor.
Table No. .—Presided over by Mm. Berkeley,
assisted by Miss Donovan. Mrs. Holz. Mrs. J.
J. O'Brien. Mrs. Egan. Mrs. McGrovey. Mrs.
Noonan. Mrs. Puckhaber, Mrs. Horgan, the
Misses Doyle.
Table No. s— Presided over by Mrs. Sheehan.
assisted by Mrs. Walsh. Mrs. McGeough. Mrs.
Dvftey. the Misses Devlin.
Candy and Ice cream stand — Presided over by
the Mlsse* McDermott. Bumstead. Harris,
Supple.
Flower booth— Presided over by Mlsa M. Pow
er, Charles Drady. Miss Drady and assistants.
- •■,■•-'./■.■ •'.'■■
IRATE HUSBAND
ORDERED OUT AT
POINT OF PISTOL
Sensation at Charles
CahiiTs Home.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
SOS Broadway, Sept. 9. .-
There was an exciting scene at the resi
dence of Mr. and Mrs. Charles Cahill at
Dlraond, in Upper Fruitvale. last night,
arousing the whole neighborhood, and for
a time it was thought that some one
would be most seriously damaged.
The domestic differences of the Cahills
have taken a new and serious turn, and
what will develop out of last night's
scene would be difficult to speculate upon.
It appears that Mrs. Cahlll had been at
tending a Salvation Army campmeetlng
at San Jose the past week or so and ar
rived home last night. Shortly afterward
Mr. Cahill, returning from the city, was
surprised to find his home and family In
the possesion of William Sinklostz. a Sal
vationist, who he claims has been show
ing considerable attention to his wife of
late, and who had also attended the camp
meeting at San Jose.
Sinkiostz showed no inclination to ac
knowledge the arrival and presence of the
husband, who in a fit of fury ordered him
out of his castle, but not without dire
results, for. according to Cahill, Sinkiostz
promptly rallied from a sound trouncing
given him and, still refusing to leave the
Cahill residence, turned the tables by
whipping out a revolver and at the point
of the weapon ordering Cahill to quit his
own home.
The sadly abused husband ran post
haste to the headquarters of Deputy
Sheriff Quinlan, nearly a mile away, and
briefly and almost breathlessly presented
an outline of his grievances, of Smkiostz's
trespass and his wielding a revolver in a
threatening manner. The officer accom
panied him back to his home and imme
diately placed Sinkicstz under arrest. He
was charged with battery and disturbing
the peace and spent the night in the
County Jail.
What adds to the interest of the merry
row Is the fact that Mrs. Cahill called
at the County Jail to-day and secured the
release of her Salvationist friend by put
ting up $20 bail for him in each 'case.
Sinkiostz has now retaliated by swear
ing to two similar complaints, substitut
ing for his name as accused that of Ca
hill. his erstwhile accuser. Naturally,
some vastly more interesting develop
ments are awaited.
CLIMATE OF SAN FRANCISCO.
Professors McAdie and Willson Pre
paring a Paper on the Subject.
Section Official Alexander McAdie. in
charge of the local weather bureau, and
Forecast Official G. H. Willson are prepar
ing a joint paper on the climate of San
Francisco which will be completed in
about three •weeks. It will prove very val
uable, treating as it does of the tempera
ture, humidity and wind velocity of this
section during the past fifty years.
In discussing the subject yesterday
afternoon Professor McAdie said:
"Since the bureau has been taking ob
servations at the top of Mount Tamal
pais some pertinent results have been ob
tained. For example, in the month of
June of this year there was found to be
a mean daily difference of 11.4 degrees,
or in other words, from the data obtained
by means or" this mountain station,
checked by data from Point Reyes and
Mount Hamilton, the temperature rose
at the rate of 1 degree for every 303 feet
of elevation.
"It was also noticed that periods of
rainy, or cloudy and cold weather, occur
when the surface temperatures are higher
than those of the upper level. Fogs seem
to occur when the temperature of the
2500 feet level is considerably higher than
at sea level.
"In this connection the important con
clusion to be drawn is that the summer
fog's of San Francisco result from the
chilling of the upper warm air over the
ocean by the water, particularly the cold
current close to the shore. The strong
indraft through the gate on summer
afternoons carries with it the fog. The
movement of the lower fog-laden air east
ward and into the valley is compensated
by a westward air movement at higher
levels. The great dlffei of tempera
ture between the valley and the ocean,
often 50 degrees within as many miles, is
probably trie prime factor in controlling
ih«» -,'::'ar:on_"
PRIZES AWARDED FOR
BEST STOCK SHOW
SACRAMENTO. Sen:. 9.— At the conclu
sion of the stock parade a: the track this
morning, which proved -quite a drawing
card, the judges passed 0:1 certain classes,
making the following awards:
The exhibit of sheep was a particularly
fine one, and Thomas Wait: or" Peters,
George Bennett of East Oakland and C.
P. Bailey carried oft premiums for flocks
shown. In the order mentioned.
C. P. and C. E. Bailey of San Jose car
ried off alt prizes in the Angora goat class.
Then came thoroughbred stations and
mares. For t-est four-year-old and over
stallion— Spur. well. John Mackey; second
best Jack Richelieu, T. Boyle.
Best three-year-old— Horton, Mrs. E. F.
Smith: best two-year-old, Artilleryman
T. Boyle.
Best yearling, colt by imp. Artillery, J. F.
Cavanaugh; second be^t, colt by Thorn
hill. Mrs. XV. Murry.
Best colt under one year old — Colt by
imp. Watercress, John Mackey; second
best, colt by imp. Golden Garter, John
Mackey.
Best four-year-old mare with suck
ling colt, Helen Scratch, John Mackey;
second best, Clara L. T. Boyle.
Best three-year-old and over. Torsida,
Mrs. E. F. Smith: second best, Rave
lette, Mrs. T. Boyle.
Best two-year-old. Egrette, Mrs. T.
Boyle: second best, For Freedom, Mrs. E.
F. 'Smith.
Best year-old. MoIHe Connors, T.
Boyle; second best, Lizzie Tuck, T.
Boyle.
Best colt under year old, colt by Jack
Richelieu, T. Boyle.
Stallion class, standard bred trotters:
Best four-year-old and over, Stam £».,"
Tuttle Brothers; second best, Anthorholt,
N. McDonald.
Best three-year-old. The Count, A. C.
Severance.
Best yearling, Diawood Jr., Mrs. E. W.
Callundine; second best, Dick Medium,
Tuttle Brothers.
Best* suckling colt, colt by Zombro. Tut
tie Brothers.
Best gelding. "Warrant, La Siesta ranch;
second best, Abdlne, Mrs. E. W. Callun
dine.
In class for mares, best four-year-old
and over with suckling colt, Belle Me
dium, Tuttie Brothers.
Best four-year-old and over. Wow,
La Siesta ranch; second best, Abbie
Woodnut. Mrs. E. W. Callundine.
Best two-year-old, Wllkesetter, Mrs. E.
XV. Callundine; second best, Rosalind,
Tuttle Bros. .' : *
Best one-year-old, Lady Keating. Mrs.
E. W. Callundine.
In the premiums awarded In the class for
cattle the superb herds of Durhams by
Joe Marzen of Lovelocks, Her., swept the
board, capturing all of the first prizes.
«.
BENEFIT FOR THE
BOYS OF BATTERY D
Boxes in Los Angeles Orpheum Bring
One Hundred and Twenty
Dollars Each.
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 9.— The benefit
that will be given next Friday to raise
funds to return Battery D, Heavy Artil
lery, to this city, the point of enlistment,
promises to be the most successful thea
trical event ever given at the Orpheum.
rhe programme is complete and embraces
:he following features:
Madame Modjeska and company in one
let of "Much Ado About Nothing": the
Frawley company in two acts of the
•Senator"; Felix Morris and his players,
md all the talent of the Orpheum. The
Musicians' Union has consented to the use
if every orchestra from each playhouse,
rhe other feaures will be George . Gard
md Bessie Van Buskirk. 6-year-old ar-
Ists. Boxes are selling at $120 each. All
:he clubs and prominent society people
ire purchasing the boxes.' It Is expected
.hat $3500 will be raised from this benefit.
ADVEBTISEJUENTS.
" Imm 9^JEt I^bhib S ■ ' H^HB fSwflt H| ?H
Prof. Jules Laborde's Wonderful French Preparation of
"CALTHOS" that Restores Lost Manhood.
r~^) FIVE DAYS' TRIALTREATMENT
Y?sv Absolutely Free by Sealed Mail.
j^^^jL^ NO C, 0. D. OR DEPOSIT SCHEME.
/^>-m' l^^"^^P/> > The marvelous French remedy, "CALTHOS,"
P%/ ya^\^<^^l4^^f L -^ I recently introduced in this country by the Voa
F. #^Ystt-tSa^!a£Z*Z. X Moh: Co of Cincinnati, Ohio, one of the largest,
* '■'\''^r-> 1 Bj^^i^S^ ) richest and most responsible business firms in the
fMj jfS r -'£ks'i ''■w^'^^^ r United States, ha? attracted the attention of the
*?}<£ . '■ 1 $r%tSjir^ 1 entire medical profession because of the wonder-
V&f^^^ *?s^Hr ■& ful cures it has eSected. If you suffer from Lost
\VA V^ii^.My^ \^4?§£i Manhood, V'aricocele, Weakness of any nature ia
\\ 6& : S~%)/^ /^^^^\ * le Sexual Organs or Nerves, (no matter how
V-]£\ Y3.'n-/y /'t^* \ caused), or if the parts are undeveloped or have
iN / / f shrunken or wasted away "CALTHO3" will re-
H^} I \I \ / 1 * " CALTHOS" is a French discovery by Prof.
'^SKSSH I \ ?3 Jules Laborde, famed in Paris as France's foremost
&*!§B§£fe 11 *& "CALTHOS" is the only remedy recognised by
-x'^^^^^P « \ iB9 the medical profession as a specific cure for weak
'■-^^ffis!l2^ Jr^-J\ H It has the endorsement of the German and
: -*?~V*&z£gF [ rkT^K? C S French governments, ar.d is largely used in the
*•£&»£«« I mL^ -\h S S standing armies ci' those countries. ••
y^Sffl^Bes 1 Sfc '\2 p • "CALTHOS" is put before you on its merits
<3SaHw9 1 Bft^l pi alone Try it and put it to the test. TRY IT FREE.
-3JgflMasll I gKSffWwSI is There is no security required— no CO. D. scheme.
_£E^E9^BE / ■S^SBS €3 Send us your name and acdrei?, and we will
1 ■!■- 1 I I ' .^- I \JL send you enbnzh "CALTHOS" to last five days.
>> / i^? 1 ! # IT WILL BE SENT IN A SEALED PACKAGE bY
// J JSF* 1 \< /p MAIL. In the quiet of your home you can try it
/3PJ^^^*~ \ V\^ ana see what it does. .......
ftgzp \^Sx All correspondence relating to the "CALTHOS '
*ir^ department of our business is strictly confidential.
We neither publish nor furnish testimonials.
Address applications for trial treatment to
THE YON KOHL COMPANY, 524 B, CincinDati, O.l^^^^^^J^ l^
Continued From Page 2.
DREYFUS DICTIONARY
RIGHT UP TO DATE
THE BORDEREAU— The document
found in bits among- the waste paper at
the German Embassy, pieced together,
and attributed to Dreyfus, though un
doubtedly Esterhazy wrote it. It offers
secret information, and is, of course, un
signed and undated.
THE SECRET DOSSIER— A collection
of more or less private documents bear
ing on the case, only one of which, unless
the War Office has manufactured any
more forgeries, mentions Dreyfus by
name, and this is absolutely common
place and innocent.
THE "DIXI ' ARTlCLE— Written by
Esterhazy in the "Eclair," bitterly at
tacking Picquart on private information
illegally lent him by the War Office.
THE "BLANCHE" AND "SPERAN
ZA" TELEGRAMS — Two telegrams
forged by Dv Paty de Clam and Ester
hazy, .i.nd sent to Picquart with the ob
ject of "bluffing" him into the belief that
a lady who was in the '"plot" had given
away the "secret" that he forged the Es
terhazy "petit bleu." ;. , : '-i'
THE PETIT BLEU— A telegram found
at the German Embassy, written by Col
onel yon Schwarzkoppen, the German
Military Attache, to Esterhax; inviting
him to "call. It It was torn up, the writer
having changed his mind about sending
it This Esterhazy contends is a forgery.
THE WEYLER LETTER— A forged
letter, incriminating Dreyfus, sent to me
War Office. Author, probably, De Clam.
CE CANAILLE DE D . . .—A phrase
in one of the documents of the secret dos
-•■•. Dees not refer to Dreyfus, out to a
subordinate, whose name is said to be
known to the French War Office.
THE "DOCUMENT LIBERATEUR"—
In other words, that beginning "Cc ca
naille de D . . ."—was the famous one
which Esterhazy threatened Felix Faure
he would disclose unless protected against
Picquart. He alleged it had been stolen
by Picquart for a foreign embassy. Ester
hazy eventually returned it to the War
Office, after It had served its purpose.
LIEUTENANT COLONEL PICQUART
—Ex-head of the Intelligence Department,
took up the cause of Dreyfus on the
ground of insufficiency of evidence, ana
also produced the famous petit bleu (tele
gram), alleged to have been written to
Esterhazy by the German Attache. Colo
nel yon Schwartzkoppen,, making an
appointment, but then torn up and the
pieces thrown into the waste paper basket.
whence they were recovered by secret
agents. He was removed from the army
and imprisoned on a charge of forging the
petit bleu himself. Since liberated. The
Bayard of the "Affaire." -• : '
M. ZOLA— The novelist, published his
now famous letter of accusation ("J'Ac
cuse") against the entire French general
staff, accusing them, in point of fact, of
a gigantic conspiracy to convict Dreyfus.
Put on trial, convicted, fined and sen
tenced to imprisonment. He appealed,
and his sentence was quashed. Again
prosecuted, but on a sentence in his arti
cle which barred any reference to the
Dreyfus case. Hence he permitted judg
ment to go by default, and being con
demned, left the country, appealed and
lived in England, returning only recently
to France. His celebrated denunciation
is now proved to have been founded on
absolute truth.
COMMANDANT FORZINETTI—Direc
tor of Cherche Midi Prison, where Drey
fus was first confined. He denied the
prisoner made any confession, and event
ually, for affirming a belief in his inno
cence, fell into disgrace.
If. MATHIEU DREYFUS— brother
of the captain, was one of the pioneers of
the campaign for revision. It was he who
first denounced Esterhazy as the writer
of the bordereau,
COUNT WALSIN-ESTERHAZY— A sol
dier of fortune of the shadiest type, was
one of the chief opponents of Dreyfus. M.
Mathieu Dreyfus having denounced him
as the writer of the bordereau, he was
tried and acquitted, amid an anti-Jewish
manifestation. Subsequently arrested on
a charge of forging the "Speranza" and
"Blanche" telegrams, but liberated on a
technical point. He was, however, ex
pelled from the army, and has since gravi
tated ■ between Holland, London and
Paris, now fully admitting he wrote the
bordereau by desire, and now denying he
ever said so. There is little doubt he
did write it. With Dv Paty de Clam he
stooped to any anti-Dreyfus trick, no
matter how mean, but he played all par
ties equally false.
M. SCHEURER-KESTNER— The Sen
ator. The first public man who promi
nently took up the cause of revision (In
July, 1897). An able champion, who was
not afraid of consequences.
MAITRE FERN AND LABORl—Coun
sel of Zola and Picquart. Also now ap
pearing at Rennes.
MAITRE DEMANGE— Dreyfus' counsel
at the court-martial and during the pres
ent trial.
HAND WRITING EXPERTS— Dreyfus
Trial No. I— M. Gobert,* M. Pelletier.* M.
Charavay,*t M. Teyssonnieret and M. Ber-
•All pro-Dreyfus. M. Charavay was at
first against Dreyfus, then changed his
views. AH the witnesses at the Zola trial
considered that Esterhazy wrote the bor
dereau.
IGave It as their opinion that Dreyfus
wrote the bordereau, the three called at
the Estetazy trial affirming that they be
lieved Dreyfus traced the bordereau from
Esterhazy's handwriting in order to con
ceal his own guilt and incriminate an
other. M. Bertillon lent the comic side
to the affair, drawing up a weird design
of a fortress with defenses to indicate his
views on calligraphic differences. It was
received with shrieks of laughter at the
Zola trial, and utterly discredited his
view. None of the experts favoring
Esterhazy are men of much repute.
tlllon.t Zola trial—Xl. Paul Meyer,* M.
A. Mollnier.* M. E. Molinier,* M Celerier.*
M. L. Franck.* M. Havet,' M. Paul Mori
aud,* M. Giry,* XI. Bournon* and Dr. Heri
court.* Esterhazy trial —M. Couard.f ML
Belhommett and M. Varinard.t
GENERAL MERClEß—Minister of War
(November. 1293—January, 1595) when
Dreyfus was arrested. His bitterest foe,
and" utterly implacable. It was he who
laid secret evidence before the court
martial judges.
M. CAVAIGNAC—Minister of War (Oc
tober, IS9s—April, 1896; June, IS9S—Septem
ber, 198). announced the discovery of
Henry's forgery, but reaffirmed his belief
in the guilt of Dreyfus. He is a cousin
of De Clam.
LIEUTENANT COLONEL HENRY—
Picquart's successor in the Intelligence
Department. To supply non-existent evi
dence, forged a telegram in the secret
dossier. On discovery and arrest, he cut
his throat In Mont Valerien.
LIEUTENANT DU PATY DE CLAM—
The melodramatic villain of the piece, set
a trap to surprise ureyius r>y aictaung
m the text of the bordereau. Warm
supporter of Ea -.cted the part
of the "veiled lady," assisted in forging
telegrams to entrap Picquart, and did the
dirty w rk of the Wur i :Tice. Sine*
owned by all ar. From 1
GENERAL ZURLINDEN, War Minis
ter i January. 1896— October, 1895). Ex-
Military Governor of Paris. C:
orable for his ez] :n the Chamber
of absolute cor :' the gu:.-
Dreyfus. A fine type of the military blus-
M. DELEGORGUE president at the
Zola trial. Mad by his stock
sayir.s In favor of the War Office party:
"The q • ' put."
GENERAL BILLOT. Minister of Wax
g the time
of the Henry forgeries. To him Scheurer-
X- -v up his doubts or, the va
■ of the conviction of Dreyfus. Billot
played him faise and took his stand on
the "authority of the chose juz<=e." Mud
dled the Zola trial and stands convicted of
- - ent underhand practices.
GENERAL CHANOINE, Minister of
War (Septemb-::
A creature of Zurlinden. I i emora
ble for his stagey resignation in the
Chamber.
GENERAL ROGET. the manufacturer
of nearly all th~ War I :" ibout
Dreyfus." the revision of whose trial he
bitterly opposed. He savior of
the general staff in its most illicit mach
inations, and that was why M. Deroulede
to induce him to march on the
Elvsee.
' ; APTAINCUIGNET discovered H---r~ +
ry and was sal '
c documt:.-- I secret ti
which he collected and filed,
mistrusted.
M. HADAMARD. the father-in-'.aw of
Dreyfus. a rich Parisian merchant.
GENERAL BOISDEFFRE, chief of
the General Staff at the time of the Drey
fus p' Resigned becLi
deceived him. Was in touch with ail tne
Esterhazy trickeries. Now ill, and keep
ing in the background.
I OHMANDANT RAVART drew up the
blundering report at the time of the Ls
terhazv court-martial.
COMMANDANT BESSON D'ORME
SCHEVILLE drew up the "act of accu
sation" for the court-martial of ISM. As
sumed allegations of guilt to be gTiilt.
GENERAL GONSE was the immediate
superior of Picquart. against whom he
was. after a moment's hesitation, a con
slstentiy warm supporter of Esterhazy.
Unquestionably had doubts about Drey
fus' guilt till the influence of headquar
ters made him solid with the other
since .when he bitterly opposed re
vision.
SPEBANZA LETTER— Forged letter
to Picquart with the object of in
spiring offi - with the belief that
he was an agent of the Dreyfus .-.
cate.
COURT DE CASSATION. highest
French Court of Appeal. The body which
i the retrial of Dreyfus.
THE DOSSIER, the collection of legal
documents bearing on a case. Properly
speaking, the "er.velope" containing the
documents.
M. LEMERCIER PICARD. War Office
agent and forger of the humbler type.
Laid a trap for the Dreyfus party which
failed. He was imprisoned and hanged
himself.
GENERAL LE PELLIEUX. also on the
. staff. Supported Ester
ind used the Henry forgery in the
Zola trial as an "absolute proof" of the
guiit of Dreyfus.
COLONEL SCHWARZKOPPEN, the
German Military Attache in Paris. I >
whom the bordereau was sent, and who
wrote the petit bleu to Esterhazy.
MAJOR PANNIZARDI. the Italian
Military Attache, supposed erroneously to
have had relations with Dreyfus. Sent
the telegram to his Government on which
based his forgery.
REVISION— The hearing of a case.
COLONEL SANDHERR. member of
the General Staff and a fanatical A
Semite. I
ter the first trial, at which he played a
prominent part.
THE SYNDICATE— A figment of the
imaginatk ■:. Anti-Semites, who
came to the conclusion that a number of
wealthy ; rere financing ar.d
"working" the Dreyfus compalc
M. PALEOLOGUE. Foreign Office ex
: translator of the Pan
nizardi telegram, which H< -?d.
M BERTULUS. the- Magistrate who
made the preliminary examination of the
Esterhazy •
MME. LE BOULANCY. a relation of
Est) rhazy and an acqua ntance of Coio
nel Picquart. Esterhazv tried to drag her
into the conspiracy hatched against Pic
quart by suggesting she wrote certain
letters. It was absolul
M. BETRAND, repi
Government at Zola's second trial, and
• r of the law for the purpose uf
ig Dv Clam, the forg
M. FELIX FAURE. President of the
French Republic, and an unqualified sup
porter of the general staff against Drey
fus.
M CASIMIR-PERIER. President at
the time of the Dreyfus trial. Had the
ge to speak out to the Court of Cas
sation and announce that the prisoner
was convicted on secret evider
MME. DE PAYS, the mistress of E-
terhaxy.
M. GRIBELIN. the keeper of th» ar
and an abettor of Dv Clam.
iAPTAIN LEBRUN-RENAUD. an offi
it was at one time al
leged. Dreyfus made a confession. As a
r of fact, he did nothing of the
kind: only the War Office, by purposely
:ing the captain's report on the c:r
inces. made it appear that be
VEILED LADY was Dv Paty de Ciam,
disguised, who handed the "document
Hberateur" to Esterhazy. near the
de Triomphe. It was suggested that Es
terhazy thought the lady was inspired by
ge on Picquart.
COLONEL JOUAUST. president of the
second court-martial, which concluded its
labors at Rennes yesterday, and again
found Dreyfus guilty of high treason.
Will Reopen Ford Mine
SAN ANDREAS, Sept. Edward T.
Kane, a Utica mine superintendent who
has been In the employ of Aivinza Hay
ward for many years, has been elected
superintendent Of the Ford mine here, the
controlling Interest of which was recently
sold by D. Guttman to New York capi
talists. Work on the property will be
resumed at once, with the understanding
that the sinking shall reach a limit of at
least ISOO feet.
■♦ ■ ■
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Sept. 9.— 8. A. Ellis
and wife of San Francisco are at the St.
James; William Marshall of San Fran
cisco, formerly of the Emporium, la via.
king relatives In Washington; H. A, Lay
ton of Oakland is at the Wellington.
1516
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
Bt'SnCESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Of Market and Third streets, open
.. o'clock even- night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— K7 Montgomery street.
comer Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
ZZO Hayes street: cp«n until tM o'clock.
- treet; open until S:3O o'clock.
mtll S:3O o'clock.
IMI Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
rner Sixteenth; open
treet; open until 9 o clocK.
- until 9 o-clock.
erol Twenty-second and Ken
tucky ' "■ -"' 1 * "■l '~' : -
CHURCH SERVICES.
t at The Strangers' Sabbath Home
I I (643) Howard St. Metl jdlst-^plscppal '
I a Crunch Bet. ad &jd Sts. Seats Free.
f It K,-v. Dr. John A. B. Wilson. Pastor
ill 1 [ tfU Res. by the Church. Tel. Black 9* I -
[iif"*XsAi A III! rteous cre*-'"nfr > Await yO» ;
[?] l>,MAj UUrJial welcome '
«£??■ *si"T** 11 A. M.. sermon by the Rev. Dr. I
iS ! xd 'Ti J. H. Wythe of Eureka. Offer- |
■* Jtiffik' +-* tory. bar: tone solo, "A New .
Lfiiflßflli 1 "' Heaven and a New Earth" ;
•=r,rie- Mr Anson Hilton: anthem, "O, Give |
Thanks Unto the Lord" (Watson). 7:30 p. m., i
Sermon by the Rev. W. P. Grant who Is to
be transferred to an important church East. |
Offertory, contralto solo, "O, Lord Divine 1
(Nevln) Miss Ethel Perkins; anthem. "Im- ,
manuel" rhayer). Young people's rally. j
C:So. Don't fail to hear these up-to-date men. j
CALVARY" Presbyterian Church, corner Powell
tnd Geary its— Rev. John HemphM. D.D..
pastor. Sen-Ices at 11 a m. and 7:45; topic In |
rvulng. "Apparent Defeat: Real Mctory.
Music In morning— Anthem. "Praise the
Lord " S. P. Warren; offertory. " Hear M .
Prayer." Southard; solos and quartet. Music;
In "evening— Anthem, "Jubilate . -• (t-).
Schilling; offertory. "The Soft southern !
Breeze," Barnby: tenor solo. "■■ U. M. Law- ;
renca. AH are most cordially invited. |
FIRST Presbyterian Church, coiner Van Ness :
tv«. and Sacramento St. -The pastor. Rev.
Robert Mackenzie. D.D.. will preach at 11
a m and 7:45 p. m. ; Sunday-school at 12:45
p. m.: Y. P. 8. C. E. at 6:30 p. m.: prayer
meeting Wednesday at 7:45 p. m. All are
welcome to these services.
CENTRAL Mfthodlst Episcopal Church, Mis- •
sion St.. between Sixth and Seventh— Dr. .
Charles Edward Locke, pastor, will preach
morning and evening. This will be Dr. ,
Locke's last Sabbath In this city, as he leaves
this week for his new parish In Buffalo, N. Y. ■
Sunday-school, 1 p. m. , Endeavor, « p. m. |
Peats free. All invited. !
FIRST Unitarian Church, southwest corner of |
Geary and Franklin si Horatio Steb- 1
bins ' D.. minister emeritus. Sunday school
at 10 a. m Morning service at 11 clock. (
Thirty-fifth anniversary of th» installation of .
T> Stehbins. Rev. A. J. Wells and Dr. Steb-
bins will occupy the pulpit. All axe cor- ;
dially invited. Communion service^ j
BEVENTH-DAY Adventlst Church, »14-916 La- j
g-jna st. It. McAllister St. and Golden Gate !
aye -Elder J. O. Corliss, pastor. Services
Sabbath (Saturday); Sabbath-school at 9:4 a
a. m., preaching at 11 a. m. A series of dis-
courses every Sunday evening. Subject to- ;
T'.'Rht, "The Seal of God." Tuesday evening, ,
lecture on "Hydrotherapy." Wednesday
evening, midweek service. Thursday evening,
lecture on "Narcotics" by Dr. F. F. Lamb, 1
free. All cordially invited.
BT PAUL'S CHURCH. California St., neat
Fillmore— Rev. W. Maxwell RelUy, rector;
Rev. A. C. Wilson, assistant. Holy commu-
nion. 7:30 a. m. Sunday-school, 9:45 a. m.
Morning service and sermon by the rector, j
11 a. m. Evening service and sermon, i:3O
p. m. Preacher. . Rev. A. C. Wilson. !
FIRST Congregational Church, cor. Post and ;
Midori sts.— Rev. George C. Adams, D.D..
j.a^tor Preaching and morning service, Rev.
E. S. Chapman. Evening service, Rev. Philip
Coombs.
Fl7isT™<Tiurch of Christ. Scientist, Central
block 2?3 Sutter ?t., bet. Kearny and Grant
aV p. —Christian science Bible lesson fit 11
n: m.; subject. "Matter." Sunday-school for
children at the same hour. Wednesday even-
ins meeting at S o'clock. All are welcome.
NEW Jerusalem Church (Swedenborglan), 1626
O'Farrell si.— The pastor. Rev. D. V. Bowen.
will preach at 1! a. m.; subject, "The Tower
of Babel." Frw library of New-Church books.
No evening service.
WEST SIDE Christian Church. Bush i! . near
Devlsadero— Prei Ing at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p.
ni by Rev". W. B. Berry. - lay-school at j ,
10 a. m. Y. P. S. C. E.. 6:45 p. m. I '
Till" First Divine Science Church M. V. j
Cramer, pastor, piscourse at 11 a. m. . sub- j
irct. "Be Still and Know." Services every i
Sunday In ■ emlti Hall, Native Sons' build-
ing. Mason st., between Geary and Post.
Take elevator.
ASSOCIATION Auditorium, Mason and Kills
sts.— Macs meeting for men only to-day at i
o'clock; address by Rev. L. J. Garver; sub-
ject. •■Silas Marner, or the Transforming
I'.'wer of 1/ove." All young men Invited.
Next Tuesday evening at the Association
Auditorium Bible- class open to everybody, ;
conducted by Rev. H. H. Bell. P.P. I
THE Theosophlcal Society— Public lecture to-
night in Odd • Hows' building, corner Sev-
enth and Market sts.. by Mr. W. L. Ducey.
and Common Sense." Inquirers'
Classes Tuesday at 8 p. m. and Thursday
at 2:30 p. m. Lotus Circle each Sunday at
JJ^a^m.
CHEAPEST and best in America- The Weekly
Call. 16 pnices; sent to any address In th«
I"nlt»ri States or Canada one year for $1.
ppFtajre raid.
MEETINGS — SUNDAY.
a FREE lecture this evnlng at * o'clock on
'The. Wonders of the Hum in Brain," by Dr.
J.lk-pcw Kerg.in (of Drs.K.and X.'s Electric
Sanitarium) at Crystal Hall. Pythian Castle, |
909 Market st.; followed by magnificent views j
of a lour of Pcotlan.l. Those attending this
leoture niiy procure free tickets to the won-
tVrful X-ray exhibition at the Sanitarium on
Tuesday evening next.
6OUL culture meeting to-night 7:30; 11. H.
Brown; 121 Turk, free; class Wed.. 2 p. m. :
Thur.. X p. m.. free; clairvoyant class, i p.m. i
TtK'H., 2."c; class in pa ■■ ■ '■ metry Tues., 3 p.
in ; Thur., 2 p. m., 2.'io; In mental healing. |
Mon., Sat., in a. ni.. free; seances [character
and advice). Mon., 7 to 10; Frl., 2 to 4 and 7
to 10; 10c.
A. O. F. BUILDING • -night, 8 o'clock, 102
O'Farrell St.— Professor Gee, platform test
medium; gives .any convincing tests. Mrs.
Owens, trie famous spirit artist, will be pres-
ent with her line paintings; 10c.
AT Dr. Rines Spiritual Society. 909 Market:
free; 11-U-S: l<*c; will unveil the charter at 8.
Mrs. Seeley, ' gem, Gilllngharn. Davlson; Dr. '
It., 2CI Arlington n.. : lies., 7 ri. . 1 to 5 p. m.
DR. CYRUS RJ TEEDTKoresh) will speak this
evening at 102 O'Farrell St., S p. m.; also
Tuesday evening; admission free.
LARK IN. 117— S p. m. -Church divine spiritual ,
truth. Mrs. Wrenn and others; collection.
LARI< 117— Wednesday, 8 r- m.. Mrs. Briggs
resumes meeting!";; good talent; 10c.
MMi:. YOUNG'S convincing spirit messages
to-night: l.c; come, skeptics. 605 McAllister.
ELECTRO Medical Society will meet at Dr.
Tread well' 8 parlors, 305 Larkln, Sept. 11; 10c.
MRS. HARLAND'S test circle to-night; sealed
k-tters read, 10c: ling! daily. 34 Sixth St.
MISSION. ?i:.R::e room: running water; to
a quiet person only; M . no sign.
A TEST ineptlng Sun. 2 and S p. m.; 10c. 9 A
Gth; Stilt. Bird. V'gars. Arnold, others.
MRS. MENA FRANCIS, independent slate
writing medium. 118 Haight st.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister; test meet- I
Ing by Mrs. C. J. Meyer, others; 8 p. m ; 10c. !
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 paces, sent to any address In the
1 " 11 . •--* States, postpaid, for ti per year.
MEETINGS — i nl-rerasil Brotherhood.
THEO6OPHICAL Society In America, Mar-
ket St.— Lerture to-night, "Occultism and
Spiritual ism. 'i by Dr. Allen Griffiths; Inter- '
national Brotherhood League, Tuenduy night, I
subject, "Punishment, Punitive and Cor- I
rective."
CHEAPEST an.l best in America— The Weekly
Call 1" pares, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and al~~jT~
M.— The ofllcera and members of the^*\^
tibove nameu lodse ;m> hereby noiHW
lo attend the funeral of our late /xr>
brother, AUGUST HENRY WAGNER, In i
Kins Solomon's Hall, Masonic Temple, on !
MONDAY. September 11. IS&9, at 1 o'clock I
p. ni. Master Masons and friends of the de- ;
ceased are Invited. By order of the master.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
I MISSION Lodge No. IC3, F. and A. M. m
OfTlcers and members are hereby notl-^£V
flod to be prerent at tho hall cf tliisTCjf
loi-ijre TO-DAY (Sunday) at 11:30 a. in. / XT >
phnrp, to proceed to Masonic Temple, |
Twelfth street ami Broadway, Oakland (12:3u
boat); nnti there conduct funeral services over
th«* remains of our deoeased brother, PAR-
LAN It. CUNNINGHAM, P. M. By order
of th» W. M. C. D. BUNKER, Sev.
GOLDENiCITY Lodge No. 63, K. of P. it
Members ire requested to attend the n*,
fun'-ral of our late brother, A. H. -J^t-^-"
GIVIN. TO-DAY (Sunday), at Ji£^i
2 o'clock p. in., from Pythian Castle.
GEO. THOMSON. K. R. S.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Dairymen's Union of California will be held
bt th» office of the corporation, 124-126-128
Davis ft. on MONDAY. September 11. 189*.
Nt 1 o'clock p. m.. for the purpose of electing
On-ctor* for the ensuing year and the trans-
action of mcli other business aa may come
brfor* the meeting. S. 11. CH EDA. Sec.
CIIEAPK.ST and bent In America— The Weekly
mil, I? rages, sent to »ny address In th«
Ur.lt»d Stages, postpaid, for Jl per year.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
iIAGUIRE * GALLAGHER— G. Ma-
g-ulre (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
ing. 525-E55 Market St.: tel. South 215.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W. '
HOWE, any at law, £50 Market, cor. Stocktn. j
CLARA FOLT7.'. attorney at law, Crocker
bldg.; tel. Black 71, practices in all courts.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels building, 927
Market: consultation free: no fees In advance. 1
J. R. PARKER. 9:6 Market St., room 67; advice
free; charge low; business pushed.
NAOLE & KAGLE, Attorney «--.;- Law, Emma 1
Spreckels building. 92! Market St.
ADVICE ree: no charge unless successful. W. I
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market Bt.. opp. Mason. j
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call 16 races, sent to any address in the j
United States or Canada one year for $1, I
po°tsire paid. \
ACCOUNTANTS.
S. K. BALLARD. 411 Cal. St., designs, audits & ;
B"]ii:r<- accounts for corporations &- firms: ref.
;_ ~ ;
DOAKI> AND ROOMS.
HOTEL FAlRMOUNT— Btrictly first-class: 1714 |
Market at., S. F. Cal.: American and Euro- 5
pear, plan; elegantly furnished rooms, single
or en suite; board and room. $1 per day up: I
mites without board. $1 per day; sinnle rooms,
COc; special rates by month, also to tourists.
O'FARRELL, 605, cor. Leavenworth— I-ierye
elegant sunny suites, with excellent board; j
beautiful grounds; reasonable; references.
GEARY, £32— The Lon»"vorth: elegantly fur- j
nished front suite, single rooms, excellent :
board. I
EDDY, 60S— Nicely furnished rooms and board; !.
private; gas; bath; running water; hot, cold. j
HAVES, *671— Nicely furnished room, with
board. In private family; terms reasonable j
to a respectable person.
HOTEL WILMOT, 728 Sutter— Handsomely !
furnished sunny suites, with private bath.
O'FARRELL. 742— Clean, comfortable rooms; 1
good home cooking; special rates to gents.
j
ROOM and board cheap 546 Howard st. j
VAN NESS, 944— Elegantly furnished rooms,;
with excellent board; reasonable^ j
CHEAPEST and best in America The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for *1. i
postage paid. _____^___-
HOARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
ROOM and board in private family for lady
and two children, aged 7 and 9; convenient
to primary school; state terms. Address
box 2125. Call office. _^ ____— '
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
WIDOW lady with a nice home wants chil-
dren to board: mother's care. Box 209, Call
office. Oakland. '
WANTED— ChiId to board: best are; no other
children; refs. exchanged; terms $12. Address
one week MRS. BLAKE, box 225, Call.
WOULD like a nice child to board; a good
home. Call at 319 2d aye.. Richmond District.
WANTED— I or 2 children to board at 439 ;
Minna st. ■ j
WANTED— lnfant to board; $10 per month. 210
Lexington aye. ;
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged. '
Holmes Book Co.. 704 Mission St.. near Third. ;
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— sSoo; laundry route, best in city; good for
$600 mo.; good horse and wag will stand In-
vestigation. KREDO & CO.. -- - Geary St.
A— s2»"o; draylng business: best in San Joaquin
Y.-til-' • average profits $300 monthly: old age ,
cause* of sale. KREDO & CO., T'M Geary st.
A— JUO; delicacy and stationery store: $5 dally;
nice living rooms. KREDO & CO., 22V- Geary.
SALOON; best bargain in the city on ac-
count of sickness. McLAUGHLIN & CO..
777,4 Market Bt. 1
$300— WOOD and coal yard; departure cause of j
sale. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777^ Market st.
5500— MANUFACTURING business; cash sales;
large profits. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 777»i
Market et.
$100— RESTAURANT doing good business, full
Investigation given, good for man and wife, ]
jame party ran it for 6 years; good country
hotel, 4" rooms
Corner grocery • ■• :
>.;. branch bakery and notion store. B.ITEL, !
lOO&Vi Market st. '::■■"'•:'■ 1
;300_OCEAN VIEW Addition saloon, snap: also '
ir.Hide saloons, for $200, $300. J4"O. $500. 1600.
$400 $1000. etc.: groceries from i'M to $5000.
GERMAN AMERICAN. 34 Kearny st. |
1225— RESTAURANT doing $20 business, Beats
to, four living rooms, roomers clear rent;
must be sold at once on account of sickness;
Investigate. JONES & CO.. Mi Market st
A GUARANTEE of $50 a day to party with i
means, either male or female, to take an In- i
terest In an established business. For partic-
ulars address box 2034. Call. •
WILL Bell restaurant or take partner; business ;
crowding; receipts $40 day. BECK. 535 Market. !
$750— AN old-established corner saloon; side en ■ 1
trance to tamale cafe; fair Ftock; good busi- .
ness: engaged in other business cause of sale. |
'",32 Market st.. room 6.
FOR SALE— S3OO, bakery, confectionery, notion.
coflee and ice cream parlors; rent $10; doing
$260 per mo.; good reasons for selling. Address
J. A. WOODARD. Frultvale aye., Frultvale. j
CASH grocery, dally receipts, $23; rent $15; sold j
nt a sacrifice, owner having to leave at once. ,
Address box 792. Call office. Oakland, |
$Soo— ESTABLISHED store, near Presidio, for
ensh: fruits, ctgars and confectionery; aver- 1
age sales ?20 daily; big profits. Box 2023, Call.
PHILADELPHIA House, opp. California Thea-
ter, 421 Hush st. cor. of Kearny— 4B rooms;
gas. water in every room; price $800^
A CHANCE for house i>a!nter; old-established
business, tools and stock; low rent. i) 26 Wash-
. ington st.
LADY wants working partner with some cash j
in good paying business; security for cash in-
vested. M., 828 Ist Sacramento.
$ljfyv— <"OUNTßY restaurant; opportunity for
man with family. Box 166, Arcata, Cal.
JEWELRY business for sale; good location; In 1
Oakland. Box 2025. Call offlr-e.
RESTAURANT: good location; cheap rent;
good chance for man and wife. 1941 Market.
I7OO—MILK route; 60 gallons per day; 3 horses,
buggy and wagon. 313 Langton st.
BUTCHER shop; good location: cash business;
sell or rent account sickness. Box 2122, Call. ,
RETAIL and wholesale wine business on Mar-
ket St.; widely known and well advertised; !
steadily growing bar and family trade; own-
er completely retiring from line of business; i
rare chance for active party. Communicate at .
once with D. E. N., box 5203, Call office; no !
agents.
FOR SALE— Fruit and oyster Rtand; very I
cheap. Inquire McCLAIN'S, 1576 Market st. 1
PARTNER in a blucksmithlng and wagon- j
making business. Address box 2127, Call.
$400— RESTAURANT, with every convenience;
fine location; good trade; sickness. 1003 Hyde.
FRUIT and candy store; doing good business; j
good location; proprietor sick; terms reason-
able: trial given. Address box 2225,. Call.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO. !
W. CASWELL & C0.'8\412 Sacramento st.
PRIVATE boarding house: II rooms; all full;
north of Market. Box 1341, Call office.
GOOD paying Inside route for sale; this paper.
Apply (-all office.
FOR sale— Good paying inside route on this
paper. Apply Call office.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for 11 per year.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
A BARGAIN— Family horse, buggy, harness,
robe, whip. 1222 Stelner st., cor. Eddy.
BUGGY wanted: also horse for business; rea-
sonable. SPECK & CO.. 687 Market St.
SORREL mare and bay colt cheap; for buggy.
71 . Mission St.. in hat store. ,.■,
ONE delivery wagon carrying one ton; top and
business road buggy, good as new. W. E.
SHAW. 1621 Market st.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
CARPET HEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 253-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
LAST and best. Sanitary ' Cleaning Co., "for
health." 542 McAllister st. ; phone South 146.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
458 Stevenson st.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. <C 2 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 80 per yard; laid at 30.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth st. ; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning, Sc per yard; tel Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet ting Works. 131 Golden
Gate art.; tel. East 121. ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIj, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1899.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
TTTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household bles^ng; a su«
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL .SEIMUIiM,
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Spear st.
Clairvoyants and siiritualis.m.
MFIS DR <"LARK, medium and clalr-
the' well-known trar.cn medium and clalr-
vovnnt may be consulted on all affairs of
life While entranced she will reveal every
hidden mystery: she will show you how to
overcom m your enemies: remove family trou-
bles; restore lost affections; unites the sep-
arated: recovers lost, stolen or burled prop-
erty; locates treasures and minerals; tells
your' entire life, past present and future
While In a perfect trance; perfect action ,
guaranteed by mail; send stamp for c ircula r,
with special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK,
1C23V4 Market, nr. Oth . Always consult the beat.
MME. PORTER wonderful clairvoyant and
" card reader born with double veil and second ,
Eight- diagnoses disease; full life readings,
ladles. 50c: Eent^Jl^Blttlngs, $1 50. 126 Turk.
C STEERS, "medium, U2M Oak St.: circles
Tues. 8 p. m.; Thurs., 2 p. m.; »2oc; read- I
Ings $1. I
MME. LANGE, queen of clairvoyants.ll67 Mar- 1
' ket, bet. __ and Bth; fee 25c up; satisfaction.
C V MILLER, materializing seance to-night
8 o'clock, 600, 409 Leavenworth St.
KATIE HEUSSMANN'S sittings dally. fl;
cymbol; circlet! Frl. evenings. 25c. 641 Jessie. j
MME AUGUST. 1149 Mission St.. clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay: .oc.
MRS'EHRHORN, clairvoyant and healing by
. faith: meetings Tues. & Thur. cv. 226^ Clara.
MME. LANGE. queen of clairvoyants. 1164 Mar- !
ket, bet. 7th and Sth: fee 25c up; satisfaction. |
MME. HANSON, card reader • and palmist: j
past, present, future; 25c. 148 Sixth at., r. 12.
GYPSY life reader, returned with renewed i
power in spiritualist reading; 25c up. 6 itn.
MRS .1 3 WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life' reader, medical clairvoyant. 232 Stockton.
YOUR future told by cards. 25c: daily, 10 a.
m. to 10 p. m. ; Sun., 7 to 10 p. m. 105 Larkin.
MME MOREAU. the best medium and card]
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission. |
MRS C.J. MEYER. 335 McAllister, tests dally ex-
cept Wed.Sat.;2&Bp.m..loc&2sc;slttlng3 dally.
MME RAVENA reads life' fluently; business
advice; names given: Be up. 5 Fourth st.
MME SYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hue-
band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call. I
16 panes. In wrapper, for mailing. SI per year.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market St.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ALMOST new cottage of 4 rooms. 3272 Fol-
S"m St.; rent $10; key at 350 Precita aye.
COTTAGE; $10; 4 rooms; large yard and base-
ment. 22V6 Rlngold St., bet. Bth and Bth.
LOVELY cottage of 6 rooms; bath; garden:
convenient to 2 lines of cars. 1187 Noe, nr.2sth.
SUNNY cottage, 5, 6 rooms; corner flat, 7 rms.; ]
bath, gns; cheap. 1876 15th St., nr. Dolores.
$11— BAY-WINDOW cottage; 4 rooms. 162*1
Devlsadero St., near Suttci\ |
$10— BAY-WINDOW cottage; 4 rooms; water |
free. 105 Collins St., near Geary. !
COTTAGE 5 rooms and bath; first-class condl- !
tlon: gas: $16; large ynrd. 3524 Nineteenth st.
< OTTAGEB- KIKMSHEI).
COTTAGE 5 rooms; furnished complete for I
housekeeping; piano; $15. 32 Dearborn St.. |
oft Seventeenth, near Valencia.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors. 927
Market St., over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the best and most artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up: other fillings from 60c:
bndly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain: plates that fit
from $4 50 up- flesh colored plates from $3 50
up: teeth without plates a specialty; open
evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry,
Synol, on application to the gums, removes
the pain; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
' and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years: crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings, COc; crowns, $3 50; plates,
full set, $5: all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth St.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can !
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
$3 EO up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DR GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method: crowns. %2; bridges. $4;
rubber or flexible plates, }3: received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric- I
ity; guarantee 10 years: lowest prices; 10
operator!: : no students. 997 Market St. ,
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St., near |
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable: gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G. j
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
MEYER, 6 Turk; Deutscher Zahnarzt; crown j
and bridge work: open Sundays, 9 to 12 m.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent*— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. in wrapper, for mailing, tl per year.
DRJGSSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
LATEST patterns Just arrived from New York I
at McDowell Dressmaking School. 1"3 Post
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., San I
Francisco— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, ' languages. telegraphy,
English branches, civil and mining engineer-
ing, assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy, 1
surveying, etc. electrical engineering— theory,
practice, design, construction, mechanical
drawing; 25 teachers; Individual Instruction;
200 graduates annually placed In positions;
Students can enter for any course any time; j
no entrance examinations; new 80-page cata-
logue free.
A NIGHT School for Men, Y. M. C. A., Mason
and Ellis sts. — Open* October 2. Business and
industrial course— Shorthand, typewriting.
bookkeeping, electricity, mechanical and
architectural drawing, German, Spanish,
English, grammar, mathematics, elocution,
commercial law, physical culture classes, etc.
A membership privilege. Call or send for
school catalogue. Tuition within reach of all.
TRAINING SCHOOL
FOR NURSERY MAIDS.
A course of Instruction covering eight
months Is offered; for particulars apply from
1 to 3 p. m. 1214 Hyde st.
AYRES 1 Business College, 723 Market at., short
hand, typewriting, bookkeeping, writing Eng-
lish telegraphy, under qualified teacher; low
rates; life scholarship, $50; catalogue.
A— THE Lyceum, accredited preparatory school i
for the universities, law and medical colleges;
day and evening courses; references. Pros.
Jordan or any Stanford professor. Phelan big.
M. G. BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal), Instructs
in shorthand; pupils by mall. 302 Montgomery.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates: day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Markt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical,, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archl. :day and even.;
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
. LADY, experienced high school teacher. Uni-
versity graduate, teaches In families. 854
Adeline St.. Oakland.
SHORTHAND in 2 weeks or year's tuition
free; pupils by mall. R. 30, 122 Turk fit., S. F.
SINGING— R. OGILVIE. vocal studio. 1623
Scott st., near Post, for terms; dally.
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory of
Leipalc; lessons, "Re. 220 Golden Gate aye.
j SINGING, piano; Paris grnrl. : French, Spanish,
$2 mo. 630 G. O. aye., r. 5-7; hours 2 to 8.
LAW Schools. 927 Market, S. F.. and 905 Broad-
way. Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
MISS Guadalupe Vallejo teaches Spanish and
English; competent; translations. 1512 Cal. St.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 Larkin St.. opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arlthmetlc.grammar. writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission. nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
I ORPHEUM Employment — Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. OAK], 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant 56.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
' FIRST-CLASS German cook desires a situa-
tion; best reference; city or country. MISS
H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st.
I FIRST-CLASS seamstress and chambermaid
, desires a situation; best reference; city or
country. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter st.
1 FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook desires a situa-
tion; reference. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323
i Sutter st. ; phone Main 651.
FIRST-CLASS chambermaid and waitress de-
sires a situation: city or country; reference.
MISS H, CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st.
AN American woman from the East would. like
a position as working housekeeper in small
family of adults; is a good cook; best refer-
, ences; city or country. Address box 2031, Call.
EMPLOY! ENT WANTED FEMALE.
YOUNG lady from the East, well educated, ex-
perienced housekeeper, wants position as
housekeeper and governess to small . ia.rn.ly
living in country; references. Box 2130, -all.
A YOUNG lady desires position for general of-
fice work; bookkeeping, shorthand and type-
writing; can give good references; small
wages. Address box 2123, Call. -■"■■-■ -
DRESSMAKER; thoroughly competent; perfec-
tion in fitting and trimming; costumes re-
modeled; latest styles; $1 25 per day. Address
box 2029, Call office.
YOUNG lady going to Hawaii wishes position
as companion and maid; free fare for service.
Apply ; 150 Cook St., off Geary.
LADY piano teacher will give lessons for the
us* of pia.no to practice on a part of a few
days In the week. M. M.. box 2017. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED, respectable widow wishes a
situation as housekeeper in small family or
will take care of. invalid; call. MRS. WIL- ,
SON, 1932 Mason st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on vests; also improved
apprentice; steady work. 6 Eddy St.. room 91.
REFINED lady wishes to travel as. companion
or with a family; can give best of references.
Address box 2125, Call office.'
COMPETENT dressmaker wishes engagements
in families; terms $1 25 per day; references.
2fiS Golden Gate aye.
DRESSMAKER; stylish fit guaranteed: even- •
Ing dresses a specialty: $1 50 per day. Ad-
dress box 2012, Call office.
GERMAN woman wants housework, washing
and ironing. 1651 Howard St.
COMPETENT laundress would like to do work ■
in exchange for two partly lurnlshed base-
ment rooms. Apply 234 Van Ness aye.
THOROUGH fitter on tailor suits wishes en-
gagements; terms, $150 per day. 402 Mason.
AN American lady wishes a situation as house- j
keeper or light housework of any kind; city j
or country. Please call or address 263 Thir-
teenth st.
LADY wishes position as housekeeper In wid-
ower's family; would assist children with
school studies and music. Address 1529 How- 1
aid ft. I
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation as \
housekeeper where there are children; Ger- 1
man preferred; wages $14 per month. Apply
2312 Clay st. . '
2 EASTERN girls desire positions as cook and
second girl; best references; country pre-
ferred. Box 2249, Call office.
A YOUNG French lady wishes a situation as
chambermaid In American hotel. Bx 2033. Call.
GERMAN woman wishes plain sewing to do at
home. S2l Mission st., room 1.
WANTED— Position in photograph studio by
young lady to tone, print, develop or mount.
Address BLANCHE SMITH, 629 Jones St.,
Oakland.
YOUNG woman will take curtains to wash at
home, or flannels. Address F., Call branch
office, 300 Hayes st. 1
ELDERLY lady wishes situation as cook: good I
references: no objection to short distance In !
country. 772 Seventh, near West, Oakland.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable: free 'bus |
and baggage to and from ferry. I
i A BRANCH ofrice for Call advertisements and j
subscriptions has been established at 1036 Va- j
lencia st ■_
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. *"1 per year, j
- — i
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414»* O'Farrell st ; tel. East 426.
WANT situation; steward or manager In small
house, with references; wide experience; good :
reputation; great ability; sober and econom- I
leal; capable to (111 any vacancy in the house; ,
will go anywhere. GEO. STALL. New York
Exchange, San Jose. I
SITUATION wanted by a sober, reliable young >
man as. coachman or groom; thoroughly un-
derstands his business; is a fine driver. Ad-
dress box 2027, Call.
YOUNG man, 23. desires position as assistant
bookkeeper or clerk; has 2 years' experience;
salary moderate; good references. Box 201 S.
Call. .
MILKMAN— As milk wagon driver; thoroughly
competent; three years' city experience on
double-team routes; Al driver; 23; references;
object, good home. Box 8118, Call.
YOUNG Danish man wishes situation as coach-
man and gardener; can milk; handy with 1
tools; temperate habits: good references.
Address P. LUND. 360 Seventh St.. Oakland. j
YOUNG man wants situation taking care of
horses, cows, garden; good driver; handy with
tools; references. Box 2117. Call.
MAN and wife want work: man. first-class
milker; wife, good cook. 4427 Mission road.
i A GERMAN. 50 years, single, wishes to work i
around house; understands the care of horses
and cows; is also handy with tools. Box
2245. Call
A MIDDLE aged gentleman from the East de-
sires light, clean, out-door work; no objection
to country. Box 2124. Call.
TRAINED nurse and masseur desires evening
engagements. Box 2120, Call office.
CHINESE first-class cooks and laundrymen
want situations; city or country. CHINESE
COOK, 623 Davis st.
JAPANESE schoolboy wants situation in a
good family. Box 2024, Call.
SITUATION wanted- by first-class coatmaker.
Address SIMON DALALIAN. Fresno. Cal.
WINEMAKER and cellar foreman, with 15 |
years' experience In leading wineries of Cali-
fornia wants like position; best references.
Address room 6, 337 East Fourth St., Los
Angeles.
YOUNG unmarried man wishes position as
/clerk or barkeeper in hotel; years of experi-
ence; best of references; city or country.
Box 2110. Call office.
I A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. ___________
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
107 m Market St.. San Francisco. Exam, free.
EXCHANGE.
FOR exchange— Lot GOxIOO, 2-story building. 6
fiats. 4 rooms each, all In first-class repair,
located In Oakland, street work complete,
exchange for Improved ranch in hay counties;
send full particulars, price and location what
you have to offer, otherwise not noticed. C. |
F. MOORE. 935 Market St.. room 6. !
FLATS TO LET.
A 4-ROOM flat; 128 O'Farrell St., cor. Powell,
nr. the Orpin-urn; $12. Apply 16 Grant aw
A LOWER bay-window flat: 4 large rooms,
bath. yard. 714 Franklin st., nr. Golden Gate.
CLAYTON, 872, south of Frederick— Modern
sunny flat, 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you tet from BALDWIN & HOWELU.
10 Montgomery st.
I FOLSOM. Parlor floor flat. 3 large rooms,
yard, bath, hot water.
FULTON. 2422— Fine 6- room flat; bath; oppo-
I site Golden Gate Park; rent $16.
| MODERN flat of 7 rooms; porcelain bath: new
plumbing and improvements; $35; 817V4 Geary
St. Apply to LANDRY C. BABIN. 413
Kearny st. . ■
MODERN flat with large stable; reasonable. 5
Camp St.. near Guerrero and Sixteenth sts.
JESSIE, 14E4. bet. 13th and 14th— Upper flat, 8
rooms, hall and cellar; no children.
THIRD, 417%— Latest Improved flats: Ist. 8 rms.,
2 kitchens, 2d, 7 rms.. one kitchen; new build-
Ing: both double bay-window sunny suits.
TO let— 4 rooms; furnished or unfurnished; N.
W. corner Post and Hyde sts. Inquire 805V4
Geary st.
TWO flats, 3313 and 3315 Twenty St., near
Valencia; 3 rooms and bath each.
TWENTY-FIRST, 8239. bet. Mission and Va-
lencia—Sunny flat; 6 rooms, bath, garden, cel-
lar; rent $19 50.
$9— UPPER flat. 4 sunny rooms. 377 Sanchez
St., near Seventeenth. "SV.%
UPPER flat of 4 rooms; large yard and stables.
2 Hay ward St., off Harrison.
2 NEW flats, sunny side view, 8 and 9 rooms,
bath, laundry, fine garden. 1014 Thirteenth
St., near Scott.
$16— NICE flat of S rooms, bath; healthy loca-
tion. 3439 Sixteenth St., near Sanchez.
i CHOICE sunny flats; 6 and 7 rooms, bath;
sanitary plumbing. 1336-1340 Fell. nr. Baker.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In tha
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. ; - ,';.:,■:>. • ■,?'■•
FLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
NICELY furnished flat of 4 rooms and bath;
sunny yard. 11l Fell St.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TAPESTRY Brussel carpet sewed, laid and
lined, 25c to 60c; linen warp matting, 15c per
yard this week only. EASTERN OUTFIT-
TING CO., 1810-1312 Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
WANTED— carpets. furniture, etc.: highest
price paid; postal. M. Sllverstein, 1121 Market.
2ND band-Highest cash prloe paid. 869 Mission.
* . . . ■
HELP WANTED — AGENTS.
AGENTS— sell the latest invention for
producing a brilliant and cheap light; the
"best" incandescent vapor gas lamps; thou-
sands being sold; price within reach of all;
largest factory of the kind in the world; ex-
clusive territory given hustlers. The Best
Light Co., Canton, O. __________
AGENTS wanted— Economy harness riveter:
every farmer takes one; with horse and cart
our country agents make $200 per month; Bend
$1 for sample and terms. Foote Economy Co.,
37 Banchet St., Los Angeles, Cal.
MEN & women to travel & appoint agents;
salary $75 mo., expenses; rapid advance-
ment: brilliant opportunity. Address, with
ref., BUTLER & ALGER, New Haven, Conn.
RELIABLE agents wanted. National Mutual
Maturity Co., room 209. Examiner building.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & C 0.... GRANT IS3
2 waitresses, Dunsmulr, see party here, $20;
head waitress, $25, Bakersneld; 2 waitresses,
Bakersfield, $20, fare here; waitress, Vailejo,
$20; waitress, Salinas, $20; waitress. Lathrop,
$20; waitress. Hanford, $20; waitress, $25, city,
room out; 5 waitresses, city hotels, $20; 4
waitresses, city restaurant. $5 to $6; chamber-
maid to wait, Pescadero, $20; chambermaid to
wait, city, $20: laundress, hotel, city, $-5; 1
manners. $20; cashier, restaurant, city, $6 a
week; cook, restaurant, Newman, $30; lunch
waitress, $50. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
C. R. HANSEN & CO.... PHONE GRANT ISS
Protestant girl for cooking and downstairs
work; no windows to wash; small washing
for family of three.
C. R. HANS EX & CO.. 104 Geary St.
40 GIRLS for general housework, city and coun-
try, $10 to $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
HOUSEWORK, Alameda, $20, In family; must
have good reference. MISS H. CULLINAN,
323 Sutter St.
TWO chambermaids and waitresses, San Ma-
teo, $20 each; second girl, sleep home, $18. j
MISS CULLINAN, 823 Sutter St., phone Main
651.
YOUNG girl to assist housework, sleep home,
$12; French nurse girl, $20. MISS H. CULLI-
NAN, 323 Sutter St.
CHAMBERMAID, city hotel, $15. MISS H.
CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK, Menlo Park, $25; Raymond, I
$20, free fare; Alameda. $20: Oakland, $20:
Belvedere, $20; San Rafael, $25, and several
other towns; a number of housework girls, |
city. $25, $20 and $15; 10 young girls to assist,
$10 to $15: 10 waitresses and chambermaids,
city and country, $20 and $25; 4 second girls,
$20 and $25 each. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323
Sutter st.
WANTED— 3 German cooks, $30; cook and
second girl, $40; Protestant cook, $30; 4 sec-
ond girls and nurses, at $20; waitress and
parlor maid, $25: 6 hotel and boarding-house
cooks, $25 and £30; also a number of wait-
resses for the city and country, $20 and $25;
housework, $20 and $25, city and county; also
a number of girls for the city and country
for all kinds of work. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 310 Sutter st.
WAITRESSES registered tree at HOTEL GA-
ZETTE, 26 Montgomery St.. room 12.
WANTED— lady to Join trapeze team;
experience not necessary; weight not over 125.
Call 420 Sixth St.. room 24. bet. 6 and S p. m.
Sunday. MRS. J. CAMPBELL.
EXPERIENCED operators on white goods,
ladles' neckwear; also two tuckers; good
wages; steady work. BAUER BROS. & CO.,
21 Sansome st.
WANTED— pants finishers on cus-
tom pants; steady work. 411 1 ; Kearny St.;
top floor.
YOUNG lady to learn retouching: good pay
when proficient;; Instructions 6 weeks; $10.
Box 2127. Call.
2 ACTIVE girls wanted at St. Nicholas Laun-
dry. Seventeenth and Folsom sts. i
YOUNG girls to sew on buttons in factory- j
NEWBAUER BROS., 18 First st.
WANTED— -•■■-: 1-- sewer for hand and ma-
chine. 1423 Polk st.
GIRL for light housework. $10 to $15, according
to experience; no children; good home. Call
2509 1 ; j: Bush st., near Scott.
WANTED— Neat young girl; housework ; small
family; call to-day; car fare returned. 2060
Green st.
WANTED— Reliable girl, assist house and chil-
dren. Address box 2015, Call office.
WANTED— Young girl apprentice to learn the
hair trade. S. STROZYNSKI, 24 Geary st. j
Al MACHINE hands on neckties; none but
first-class operators wanted. Box 2013, Call.
WANTED— An experienced apprentice on cus-
tom coats. Apply 923^i Folsom st.
WANTED— GirI to care for children; wages $10
to $12. 1."32 O'Farrell st.
FINISHERS and apprentices. 449 Minna st.
WANTED — Waitresses. Fairmount Hotel.
Market and Fell stp.
A GOOD girl for light housework; wages $10.
2777 Twenty-fourth st.
MIDDLE-AGED lady to do light housework;
wages $12. 642 Minna st.
WANTED— A Waitress at 619 Sacramento St.; j
no Sunday work.
WANTED— Neat young girl for housework.
' 2109 Leavenworth st., near Filbert.
— .
OPERATORS, finishers and apprentices on cus- i
tom coats. Bet. 10 and 12 a. m., 40 Ellis, r. 54.
GIRL to learn pants making; paid while learn-
ing. 110 William st., off Geary, nr. Taylor.
$3 TO $6 a day made at home. Call at 47214 j
Thirteenth St., Oakland.
GOOD finishers and operators on coats. 956
Washington st., Oakland. j
EXPERIENCED hand sewers wanted. BUS-
HY GLOVE FACTORY, 207-203 Sacramento.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladies' under-
skirts; a few apprentices. A. AARON, 673
Mission st.
GIRL, German preferred. In family of 3; tend
baby and help In housework. 547 Turk st.
WANTED— GirI for housework; wages $15;
plain cooking. 819 Golden Gate aye.
WOMEN and girls— Apply Immediately. CALI-
FORNIA CANNERIES CO. LTD., Branr.an
St.. between Third and Fourth.
EXPERIENCED canners wanted; apply Im-
mediately. CALIFORNIA CANNERIES CO..
LTD.. Brannan St., bet. Third and Fourth.
! GIRLS'. GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS!
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., S2V4 Fremont St..
are putting In the very best sewing ma-
chines nnd will take in several hundred more
operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
YOUNG girl or young man to wait at lunch
table from 12 to 1 d. m. 150 First st.
PANTS finishers and operators on coats; good
wages. MI Market st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on coats: steady work.
Call to-day 354 Geary st. iHs-vS-i
GOOD woman to do plain cooking In country,
$20. Apply 839 12th. near Harrison.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit at
376 San Jose aye.
TAILORESS as finisher on pants. 6V4 Kearny
St., room 18.
S. F. dressmaking school; practical method:
also fine dresses made to order. 104 Kearny.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
HELP WANTED MALE.
BOXMAKERS; highest wages paid; apply Im-
mediately. California Canneries Co. Ltd., 425
Brannan st.
WANTED— Men out of employment to know
they can make wages cleaning carpets with-
out taking them up. Formula for sale, W.
HOLBROOK. 85 Ninth st., upstairs; call
Monday bet. 10 and 6; see work demonstrated.,
HONEST boy. about 14 years old, to learn gun
and locksmith trade; live home. Box 2003,
Call.
WANTED— A man to deliver and collect;
salary $60 per month; security required:
must be willing to work small towns and
country. Central, 3943 Market, Philadelphia.
SALESMEN wanted— Quick selling legitimate
side line; small samples; liberal commission.
Manufacturer, P. O. box 112, Aurora, 111.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
organised union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ)
Employment Secy., 630 Market, downstairs!
MAN wanted to care for a ' crippled man 11
a day and board. Call before 9 o'clock a. m
9 Hopeton Terrace, off Washington, bet!
Stockton and Powell.
AN apprentice with experience; good pay while
learning. CHICAGO CLOCK CO.. 1814 Markt
WANTED— By a larze wholesale house, an
office boy, about 17 years old; must reside
in this city with parents. Address In own
handwriting. Box 2021. Call office.
WANTED— Two good men. Apply at 22 Post
St., from 7:30 a. m. to 8:30 p. m.," 11th lnst.
HELP WANTED MALE.
MURRAY ALREADY"."" PHONE I MAIN 5548
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT TO-DAY FROM 7 A. M
I". MECHANICAL HELP ............
Harness-makers Upholsterer and clerk
Carriage painters...' Mill bench hands
Wood turners .'...Coopers for winery ,
Setter for sawmill ..'.Band sawyer
Sash and door makers Cabinet makers
Wages for above are $4, $3 60, $3, $2 75 and
52 50 day. 'BLACKSMITHS
BLACKSMITHS
5 blacksmiths and horseshoers and helpers
for shops dredgers, etc., $3 day, $50. $40 and
S-: and round. MURRAY & READY, 634-636
Clay st. _____
CARPENTERS ENGINEERS ETC
12 carpenters, 20 miles from San Francisco, 5
hours' work, it months' job, free fare........
$3 day and tound
I 2 plain carpenters for a ranch, fare $1 50....
{40 and found
2 carpenters, city Job, 8 hours $2 - r 0 day
3 carpenters for a manufacturing company,
fare 60c •• 3 uav
i Night engineer, ranch, fare $1 50 — ..........
* ' , $60 and found
Donkey engineer for woods, fare $2 ••-•••• !
$30 and found
Fireman for a mine $ -
MURRAY & READY. 884-886 Clay St.
..................TO THE MINES
6 more miners, single hand ••••• •••
24 laborers (no experience), fare $l_2o ?w
25 laborers (no experience), fare $2 50..........
$34 and found
20 laborers ' (no experience) $ 63
MURRAY & READY. , 634-636 Clay St.
MACHINISTS . . . . . . ........ . BOILER-MAKERS
' 2 boiler-makers, country, steady jobs ; ._......
2 machinists, country, steady Joba $3 day
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
™* A JJ.°™*f?!xsf>- SHIP • MONDAY
To 38 sawmills and woods in California
189 men for different positions (no experience
required); wages $26. $30,. $35, $40 and found;
I 50 different classes of work; you will suit.
We Pay MURRAY & READY.
Your Fares 684-638 Clay st.
.......TO THE FARMS AND DAIRIES
128 farm hands, steady jobs
$35. $30, $26 and found
6 plow teamsters, fare 25c $30 and found
10 milkers $30 and $25 and found
6 she.»ijh"rder9, fare $150, steady Job
i $25 and found
| "" " "MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
i FREE.. ...WE SHIP YOU FREE FREE
i To every railroad in California (but one) :
Stone masons, concrete masons, laborers, |
teamsters drillers, hammersmen, etc.; wages
from $3 50 day, board and lodging $4 50 week.
(The one we don't ship to is Coast Railroad).
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
..HARVEST, FIELDS AXD HAY BALING..
$3 50 day.. 19 strong men to bale hay.. s3 50 day
Derrick forkers, sack sewers,', hoedowns,
cleaner tenders, fork driver, etc., $2 50, $2.
$1 60 day and found. MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st-
FRUIT AND GRAPE PICKERS— S3O and found
562 men and boys (no experience required) for
all parts of California; fares from 70c; office
fees, $1. 50 strong boys or men to cut beet
tops. $30 and found. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
" 7.T7.T. MARRIED
Blacksmith and wife for a dredger, $70 and
found
3 farmers and wives, $40
4 cooks and wives, $50
2 gardeners, $35 2 milkers and wives, $40
Bartender and wife, $40
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
CHOREMEN AND BOYS
36 choremen and boys for farms, shops, fac-
tories, manufacturing companies, learn 8
different trades, cash and errand boys, $30, i
$26, $25, $20, $15, $10 an.l found and by the |
week. GARDENERS, COACHMEN. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
ERRAND boy; $3 a week, for office of MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
GOOD WAGES GETS GOOD HELP
54 two-horse teamsters, free fare $2 25 day
25 four-horse teamsters, fare $130 $60
35 laborers, fare 60c, manufacturing Co $60
3S laborers, fare 50c. no experience $60
25 drillers and hammersmen, free fare
$3 and $2 75 day
4 laborers, private, fare 2Co $60
12 laborers to go north $63
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
STONEMASONS— STABLEMEN
14 stone and concrete masons, $3 50 day: 9
laborers, same job, no experience, $60; slate
Splitters, block makers; 7 stablemen, city and
country. $30, $25 and found, $40. MURRAY
_ READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
IN SAN FRANCISCO
35 two-horse teamsters, $2 and $1 75 day, $40
and $26 and found
25 laborers $2 and $1 75 day, $30 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
TO SAWMILLS AND WOODS
Shingle joggers, lathers, jack screwers, shin-
gle Jointer, crosscut sawyers, tree fellers and
50 other jobs for mill and woods; wood chop-
pers, tlemakers, shingle bolt makers by the
hundreds — tools and food found, fare paid,
$2 60, $2, $175, $1 cord; 12c each: $SO, $75, $60,
160, $40. $30 and found. MURRAY _. READY,
634 and 636 Clay St.
BARTENDERS .... BAKERS .... LAUNDRY
2 bartenders, city $30 and found
5 laundrymen $35. $30, $2. and found
2 first hands. 7 second. 6 third hand bakers
I and boys to learn trade, $40. $35, $30, $25. $20,
| $15, $10 and found. MURRAY & READY, 634
and 636 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPT READ THESE
34 cooks $55, $50, $45, $35, $30, $25 and found
27 waiters $35, $30, $25, $20 and found
55 dishwashers $30. $25, $20, $15 and found
3 pantrymen and 6 porters, 5 bell and elevator
boys, $30, $25. 520, $15, $10 and found
Broilers, second and third cooks, cooks and '
wives. Above jobs are for hotels, restaurants,
saloons, institutions, mines, camps, ranches,
etc. COME AXD SEE.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
$50— PARTXER wanted; will net $100 a month
each. 149 Third st. G. C. TERRY.
WAXTED— man to make beds and work
around boarding-house. Southwest corner
Bay and Webster sts.
DISHWASHER wanted, $20 a month; night
work. 15 Third st.
DRUG clerk wanted. Address, stating experi-
ence, qualifications and references, box 2014,
Call office.
WAXTED— boy for this office-; $2 50. a
week; also errand boy who can wrap goods
for a store, $4 a week. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 316 Sutter st.
SERVICES of young man % hour a day in ex-
change for business education. Durham's
Business College, Supreme Court building. !
WANTED— A cabinet maker to work In a fur- i
niture store; must understand varnishing and
polishing. Address box 2011, Call.
YOUNG men to Join "The School of Watch- :
makers"; object, to learn trade; terms, $5
per month. 211 Montgomery aye.
EXTRA lunch waiter; used to coffee house
work. 612 Kearny st.
WANTED— Night cook and extra waiter at
125 Seventh st.
TAILOR on custom coats; also apprentice,
paid while learning. 115% Harriett st.
FIRST-CLASS men to work In brickyard.
South San Francisco, San Mateo County.
WANTED— good shingler. Apply to 2203
Pine st.
GOOD coatmaker to work Inside. 2809 Green-
wich st. : ■■:■- .
GOOD dishwasher. 269 O'Farrell St.; call
early.
BOY wanted for grocery store; reference. 730
Bush St., corner Mason.
DISHWASHER. Apply 448 Third St.
WANTED— Shipping clerk; Rive experience,
reference and wages expected. Box 2252, Call.
WANTED— Good coat and vest maker. Apply
Phelan building, room 181.
RANCH hand; must be a good milker. Twin
Peaks Dairy, Corbett road.
GOOD cook; $12 a week; call early. 18 East
street. ■ '■;
BLACKSMITH'S helper on wagon work. 637
Brannan et.
EXPERIENCED driver for bakery wagon. 836
Valencia st.
WAXTED— A potwasher. 907 Kearny st.
WANTED— Young man handy in coffee house.
607 Clny St.
WANTED— cook. Call at 212 Second st.
at 5:30 sharp-
LUNCH man, German preferred. 1053 Market
street.
COOK wanted at the Manhattan House, 825
Battery st.
TO Tailors— coatmakers wanted. Apply
at 11 a. m. at the Stevenson-street entrance,
CHARLES LYONS, London Tailor, 721 Mar-
ket St.
PARTNER wanted by a good banjo and guitar
player. Box 2114, Call.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade In eight
weeks: only Institution teaching the tonso-
rial art; constant practice; expert instruction;
lectures on dermatology; Sat. wages; positions
guaranteed; call or write for Illustrated cata-
logue. Mohler's Barber College, 633 Clay St.
. WANTED— Cook who can handle short orders,
prepare dinner and bake bread for country
. lunch counter. Address box 2243, Call office.
• WANTED An able bicycle repair man; must
! be. unmarried and • furnish rood references.
Address P. O. box 205, , San Mateo.
i FOR pensions, any claim against U. 8.. see
. SHERWOOD, room 612, Examiner building,
i Ban Francisco.'
■ SAILORS and . ship carpenters for Europe,
: Ilawatla.i Islands, Manila. Alaska. New York.
V. LANE, Shipping Agent, 501-506 Davis St.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
OFFICE open Monday 7 a. m. phone Grant
185. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 101 Geary st.
150 GRAPE PICKERS $1 and found
Large, strong boys and men to pick grapes,
no experience required, for Fresno County;
cheap fares •-•
2 to 3 months" work. C. R. HAXSEX & CO..
104 Geary St., Employment Agents.
SOLDIERS wanting work on the railroad as la-
borers, teamsters or tunnelmen, at wages of
$1 75 to 52 75 a day, can secure It from us
free of any expense to the work. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. _
FREE FARE AND FEE FREE
For railroad laborers, teamsters and tunnel-
men wages $1 75 to 52 75, for the Coast Rail-
road. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
30 TEAMSTERS, $2 a day, board $4 50; 8 men
to timber a tunnel. $2 a day: 10 laborers, $1 75
- it av Free Fare
For the' Valley road. C. R. HAXSEX & CO..
104 Geary st.
HARNESSMAKER, $1 25 a day and found; free
fare. C. R. HANSEN & - P.. 104 deary St.
MARKER and distributor, $40 to $50 and found,
country hotel; washer. $30 and found. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WOOD worker. $2 50 a day: blacksmith. 52 50
a day; 2 men for Jr. Mon. hay press. Uc;
buggy washer, $25 and found; 14 almond pick-
ers $1 and found; 4 men for a Bait works, $1
a day; man about place, $30; plow hand,
$30 and found: cabinet maker, $2 o0 a day;
2 carpenters, city, ?2 50 a day.; 5 box nailers,
piece work.
8 laborers for dry work on a reservoir $2
a day board $4 50. C. R. HAXSEX & CO..
104 Geary Bt. •
BUTCHER country shop. $40 and found. C.
R. HAXSEX & CO., 104 Geary at.
NIGHT clerk and tend bar, country hotel;
$20 and found, experienced young man. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., Geary St.
EXPERIENCED hotel porter, curtains, car-
pets furniture and baggage; references; $',0
and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
NEAT boy, about 15, for bellboy: no experi-
ence; $7*50 and found. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
3 WAITERS $9 a week; waiter, $10 a week;
waiter $40; 2 waiters, same country hotf-I.
$20- 2 'waiters, same country hotel, $25, fare
advanced.
Cook $60 and found; cook, restaurant, $*;.-.;
potwas'her, hotel, $27 50; vegetable cook,
hotel $35; cook, country hotel, $10 a week:
silver-man. $20: scrubber, hotel, city, $20;
country hotel. $20 and found.
Bellboy hotel city, $15: 2, $10 and found,
each. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED — A good reliable middle-aged man.
energetic and not afraid of work, for work on
a small dairy, chicken and hay ranch; one
who knows the business. Write to D. H.
HITCHCOCK. HllO, Hawaii.
WANTED— First-class painters to buy lot and
: pay part In work. THE MCCARTHY CO.,
646 Market st.
GOOD sober barber wanted for evenings, Sat-
urdays and Sundays. 529 Fourth St.
500 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
HIGHEST price paid for cast-off shor--. cloth-
ing and tools. S. BERKOWITZ, 524 Pacific.
FOUR good hustlers; good salary to right par-
ties. 200 Poet st.
GET your shoes half-soled while wait 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2nd sts.
JEWELERS— Bush St., room 4. third floor.
GENT'S fine calf shoes to order, s:' 50 up: sole-
ing, 20c to 35c; heeling, 15c up. 923 Howard st.
WANTED— Teamsters to drive scrapers; wage 3
$1 75 and $2: board, $4 50 per week. Apply
E. B. STONE'S camp, near San Pablo station,
on Valley Road.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at 10*0 Va-
lencia st.
TRY our 15c meals; best In city. 406 McAllis-
ter st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 138H: Eighth st. -
PENSIONS— H. SHEPAPD & CO.. attor-
neys, Hearst bldg., Third and Market.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 15c and 25c
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard: read. rm.
SINU-.E rooms. 15c. 20c, 25c i r night; 75c, $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House. S63M. Market st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market ?V. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
BERBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 moms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
HOUSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; a'so wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday,
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL-
ZIEL. Veterinary Dentist. 605 Golden Gate nv.
HOUSES LODGING — FOR SALE.
H_ C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
48 rooms on Market st.; rent $75 $1,800
48-room hotel in Oakland 2,600
SO- room house; clears $300 2,5"0
20 rooms on Eddy St.; must sell 600
26 rooms; corner; apartment house 1,600
11-room house; one floor 350
32 rooms; 2 fronts: clears $250 2.200
60 rooms: elegant corner; clears $500 3,750
7-room flat; $150; 8-room flat 3.".0
110 rooms; fine corner; clears $600 6,500
36 rooms on Market St.; clears $200 1.450
MONEY TO LOAN OX ANY HOUSE
ABSTRACTS SHOWING CLEAR TITLE.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
LIST of lodging houses from 10 to 100 rooms
sold and exchanged; money loaned at l^j per
cent. EITEL. 1008% Market st.
— NEAT lodging house, 14 r. & b. ; nicely
fur.; paying well: X. Mrkt. Box 2032, Call.
$325— LODGING-HOUSE; 16 rooms; always fill-
ed: rent $45. Call 129 Third st. •
HOUSES TO LET.
— HOUSE; 4 rooms', bay-window, basement,
chicken-house, stable. 210 Sunnyside aye.,
close to power-house.
FINE hoube, 6 rooms; bath, basement and
good stable. 1109 Shotwell st.
2-STORY corner house of 6 rooms; bath, large,
well lighted basement; marine view. 2333
Leavenworth St., corner Chestnut.
$40— New modern 10-room house on Waller St.,
between Pierce and Scott sts.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
$11— HOUSE of six rooms and bath. 735 Laurel
Hve.. near Turk and Buchanan sts.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— To rent, with view of purchasing,
a modern, small house on Van Ness aye.. be-
tween Geary st. and Pacific nve. Address
GEORGE DANIELS. San Mateo :
WANTED immediately by private family, flrst-
claEs sunny house; must have eight bedrooms.
Address box 2016. Call office.
HYPNOTISM.
POST graduate hypnotic school-hospital. 325
Ellis; fee with private room, board and
treatment. $15 a week.
LOST AND FOUXD.
LOST— Short-coated St. Bernard. 1916 Val-
lejo St.; receive reward.
LOST— Liver and white pointer dog; sore on
left leg. Return to 233 Franklin St.. reward.
BLACK and white Esquimo dog; reward. 612
Ellis st.
FOUND— A fraternal emblem. Call at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
MEDICAL.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea
and herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay at., San
Francisco: all diseases cured exclusively by
Chinese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used;
advice free; hours, 0:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 d. m.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies physician. 1122 Mar-
ket St., bet. Mason and Taylor; hours, 9 to 5.
MRS. DR. WYETH, ladles' physician; consul-
tation free. 942 Post, bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. GWYER, ladles' physician. 610
Eddy St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. DAVIES. ladles' physician. 1-23
Market St.. between Taylor and Jones.
DR. POPPER, ladles' practical physician for
37 years. 318 Kearny st.
MRS. DR. WEGENER. ladles' ohyslclan: medi-
cated baths a specialty. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
MRS. ALLEN, ladles' physician. 228 Van Stag
aye.. bet. Hayes and Grove; 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
Vn. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of th- human bcdV. 115 Mason st.
A WEEK'S IHV9 for 5 cents— The Weekly Can.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, Jl per }«_fMISCELLANEOUS — FOR. SALE.
UOILERS, engines, 2-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSII i VVOLPMAN. 195-IS7 Fremont st.
LtARS. back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion Et.. above Sixth.
UAIiS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors.
hcught, Kokl and exchanged. I '■' Mission st.
A RARE chance; Just forfeited, 2 14-karat gold
Btemwinding American watches; price $28
cnoh: originally cost $W; money back If not
mm ii-prosent.-.1. UNCLE HARRIS, 16 Grant.
NEW Sohraier piano; owner leaving city; call
.Monday. 130s California .«t.
FOR HALF.— Windmill, tank and pump, or take
a hor.'e In trade. 121S N St. South.
ONE altornatlnK motor; 1 6-h. p.; $8. Ohio
Dental Parlors. SvO Market Et.
$15 -DOMESTIC sewing machine in good order;
complete. IKIS Mission, near Fifteenth.
INVALID chair for sale cheap: only In use 3
weeks. Call nt 715 Elizabeth st.
JULIAN aye., 192. cor. Sixteenth— Lodging
house, 11 rooms; all occupied; $130; rent $16.
FOR sale — Flrst-clnss second-hand cooperage;
Bfi oval oak casks. 6 10,000-gallon tanks, 20
15uO-j;allon tanks, l. r >o puncheons; steamed
f-;ilrit barrel.", 51 80 up. A. PETZOLD. 27
. Iwuy.
STEAM launch; Sx32; must be sold. W. F.
LAUMEISTER, cor. Second and Brannan st«.
SECOND-HAND billiard table in good order;
complete, H35 Folsom st., Wit BATEMAN.
WILL sell new White sewing machine lit a
bargain. E. A. P., 709 - twell st. •
CHOICE canaries for sale; fine singers. 723
Hayes st.
GASOLINE engines, all purpose*; latest de-
signs; new and second hand; carriage en-
gines. Dynamic Engine Co., 1309 Mission St..
near Ninth.
FAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
specie chests: bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market St.. S. F..Cal.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
ST. BERNARD dog. 14 months old; $25. Apply
797 Mission st.
BOILERS, engines, lathes, wood planers, 1! and
24 In. ; gas cng. 2d hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
1 GASOLINE engine; 15 H. P. ; complete and
flrFt e'.asß shape. WHITE, 516 Mission st.
DRESS pants, $2 75: fine suits. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st.
PR. CREELY'S C. P. Mange Cure at all drug-
gists or at the Dog Hospital.
A— s3 TO DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatter*. S3O Kearny st.. near Pine.
DESK office and card tables; desks a changed.
repaired; furniture bought. 244 Stockton st.
BOILERS and engines, second hand; also wine
making mach'y. Krogh Mfg. Co. .Stevenson st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage rnld.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
CASH paid for standard make upright pianos.
Address box 1340, this office.
WANTED— A double circular portable sawmill
and 25 H. P. engine and boiler. Address
Postofflce box 40, Qulncy, Plumas Co., Cal.
OLD gold, gold dust, platinum and silver
bought. H. Landecker ft Co., 118 Montgomery.
WANTED— To hire. 100 first-class scrnperteams
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
ETON E F'.Tihiir°t.
MONEY to LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in Installments or as a whole; If you
ewe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
fire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 6S-63 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
LOANS en furniture or pianos in S. P., Oak-
land or Alameda at. lowest rates, without
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
NAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount of 6V4 per cent en real estate, 3d
nnd 2d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rate?. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 846 Market Bt! telephone Main 1644 ;
AT reduced rates on estates In probate, rents.
chattel mortgages, real estate, country prop-
erty. A. M. SPECK & ("0.. 667 Market st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out inriorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no •val; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
ZMj TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortgs. :
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without Indoreer. TOUSLEY, 692 Parrott bldg.
IF your property la mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
16 .-■■- In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MONEY WANTED.
wXnTED^S4COO: 6 years; gilt-edge security;
Interest paid quarterly. Inquire 655 Sutter st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and J6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
tame as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
}• per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
tteinway dealers, corner Kearny and Butter
gts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
28, 28 and 30 OFarrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
end price*; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer^
CREAT sale of "Ideal Guitars" this week at
MAUVAIS*, 769 Market St. Get prices at
once.
TWO fine walnut nil-hand Decker & Son
Pianos They are bargains you should not
miss, at MAUVAIS', 769 Market *t.
PTEINWAY upright; party must have money;
make offer. Room 12 Flood building.
A BEAUTIFUL Arlnn: $30 cash; call after-
noons. Room 12 Flood building.
W G. IiADGER, ■■ Sacramento et.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett fc Davis pianos.
GOOD piano in storage on sale cheap for cash.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market st.
"^ BARGAIN — Stelnway upright cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank.
A— $86 UPRIGHT piano In fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister at.
cup A.P Stelnway upright: also the famous
Hornung Bros.' pianos. 216 McAllister st.
>— T'PRIGHTS. $69 up: installments, $5 75 up;
i^nts, $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Ellis.
EOHMER, Byron Mauiy and other piano*. $08
post st. _^
WANTED— 2 Square Pianos and 4 Cabinet Or-
Vans BYRON MAUEY. 308 Post st.
KNARE pianos: n;w scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MT'LLKR. maker, repnlrer, I Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best In Amerlca-The eek y
Call 10 pages, sent to any address In the
f 1 tt'M Ptsfes. pr.straM. '''' '1 per ' **"'"
OFFICES AND STOKE f^ T J^'^ l,
RE; Twenty-third and Guerrero; 8 rooms
and concrete liar; good location for bakery,
store Twenty-third, next to corner of Guer-
rero: fixtures; 3 rooms and cellar.
STORE and 3 rooms. Ml Third St.; well lo-
cate.! for French laundry; large yard.
EMMA "SPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.—
Desirable offices. $12 50 to $20.
PALMISTRY.
jJrMT" NEER6Xai€s7'pupll of Count Bt. Ger-
main. HI Geary st., above Jones; classes:
office hours. 1 to 8 p. m.; reading by mall. $1.
PART N I : H S wanted.
■VvXnTED— By lady alone, partner with small
capital to enlarge lodging-house. Cox 2199,
Cull. _
WANTED— SISO partner In chicken business;
fine chanc;; near city. Box 2023, Call.
PROPOSALS.
RAO carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
caruet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
ra tee. GEO. 'MATTHEW, 709 Fifth. Oakland
VAT is fatal to beauty and health; we reduce
quickly and safely. An-T.-Phat Co.. Chicago.
OUR leather Is carved In Mexico: beautiful
bolt* $1; special Mexican art. 114 Stockton st.
I KCRAPPLE—WiII pell receipt and Instruct pur-
chaser !n making the celebrated Philadelphia
Scrapple. Address Scrapple. 64$ Geary St.
EGYPTIAN Enamel, cosmetic.' makes faces
»-»*utlful;soc. Mrs. Butler, r. 350, PheUn bid*.
PERSONALS. 1
ALL -ladies and men use The Star Hair Rcm- (
dy. or should. It appeals to refined tastes;
you get best results; no experimenting; does
all it is advertised to some say more;
manufacturer* claim it restores gray hair to
natural color, cures dandruff, stops falling,
grows new hair; they guarantee it; nt drug-
gists and hairdressers. Further particulars ]
The Star Remedy Co.. 656 Geary St.. B. P. I
TO whom, it may concern— l will not he re- !
sponsible for any debts contracted by my !
wife, Mrs. Maria T. Boothe, after this date, ' i
_Beptember 9. 1599. A: E. BOOTHE.
WOULD like to see the relatives of O. JACOBI- I
SON, who died In Dawson. born in Gotten-
burg, Goteberg, Sweden, regarding his estate.
ED. WIBURG, 1227 Pacific st, San Francisco, .
Cal. j
LEDERER' S Quintonlca Is the only hair tonic
that fills all requirements; clean, glossy hair
results from Its use; 33c bot. 123 Stockton st. ;
LEDERER is not only the leading hairdresser,
but he restores gray hair to its original color
for $1 50 to $5; hairdressing 25c; switches. $1
up. G. LEI BRER, 123 Stockton st. j
DRESSMAKING; party dresses a specialty; :
U. S. tailor system; very reasonable. 116 i
Twelfth St. !
WHAT have you to exchange for course In
Spanish or singing? Box 476, Call office.
MME. FISHER, face and hair specialist; long !
experience; treatment free. HI Powell at.
A QUIET home In confinement; medical care. '■
D. E. MASON, m.d., Frultvale. CaL '
HEALTHY German wetnurse wanted to travel.
DR. FUNKE, 1416 Eighth st.. Alameda.
MARY— I got my handsome cape at the East-
ern Outfitting Co., 1306 Stockton, nr. Broad-
way. There you can get most anything In that
line on easy payments; open evenings.
ASSORTMENT of Imported and domestic rem- :
mints for suits to order, $10 75; pants. $3 75;
nothing higher. One-Price Tailoring Co., 1644
Market St.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Laws a Specialty
Ban Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Eend for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market; 700 rooms;
the to $1 60 per night: $1 £0 to $6 per week;
free 'bur- and baggage to and from the ferry.
MME LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed
from O'Farrell to 132 Eddy st.
RUPTURE, piles cured; examination free.
Drs. 'Mansfield & Porterfleld. 838 Market St.
LADIES' tailor-made suits to order at ,
w' --sale figures. KRAMER. 20 Sansome St.
GOOD tai --made suits at reasonable prices
by F. SCHOETTLER. 329 Kearny st.
JAMES A. SORENSON, watchmaker and Jew-
eler, removed to 103 Sixth Ft., near Mission.
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife; no injec-
tion; guarantd. Dr. Gordln.sl4 Pine. ab.Krny.
i A— Ladies' or gents' clothing, furniture bought.
Bold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Mar'--' St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
WANTED— OId gold for manufacng. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell & Mason.
j A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
) 16 page;' in wrapper, for mailing. pe-- year.
PROPERTY WANTED.
CORNER with or without buildlntr: $5000 to
$tSOO~n. GEO. W. CUMIN, 11 Montgomery.
PHYSICIANS ami SURGEONS.
OLIVE GRUVER, free treatment daily, 10
a. m. and 12 m. 1206 Market St.. room 6.
DR C C. O'DONNELL. office and residence,
1021 Market Ft., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call. '
18 pages. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
! REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
i EASTON, ELDRIDGE & Co.
BANKS PAY 8 1-3 PER CENT INTEREST.
REAL ESTATE FOUR TIMES AS MUCH.
INVESTMENTS.
$35,000— 0n Geary St., near town; large lot,
! 57:6x120; two frontages; fine improvements.
RENTS $324 PER ANNUM. pER ANxrM
PAYS IS PER CENT PER ANNUM.
■ $1700 — $700 cash; four flats; always rented.
RENTS $354 PER ANNUM.
PAYS 13 PER CENT PER ANNUM.
$3000 — Two good houses of six rooms each; Al
i condition; near Howard and Sixth its.
RENTS $204 PER ANNUM.
PAYS 13 PER CENT PER ANNUM.
$1600 — houses, near Third and Harri-
son sts.
RENTS $726 PF.R ANNUM.
PAYS 14 PER CENT PER ANNUM.
$3000 — Nine tenements, near Fifth and Fol-
■ Bom sts.
FLATS.
$3750— Tw0 new flats of five and four rooms on
Bhotwell St., in good condition; large lot, 3"x
122:6; part can be further improved; must bo
, Bold Immediately.
I Business property, bakery and flats;
1 beet part of Western Addition; rent $70; 50 -foot
I frontage.
i $8000— Two modern flats on McAllister St., ten
and six rooms; lot 25x100.
RESIDENCES AND COTTAGES.
$36,000— Elegant modern corner residence, 25
rooms; built regardless of cost; must he soli
on account of departure of owner; lot 60x100.
$2250 — Perry St., near Fourth; house of eight
i rooms and bath, stable; forced sale.
$4500— Elegant modern residence near Park
I Panhandle: seven rooms and bath.
$2800 — Bank foreclosure; nice two-story house
of seven rooms and bath; Shot well St., near
Twenty-
s6soo— St., near Flllmore; elite neighbor-
hood; modern house of eleven rooms and bath;
27x77 ;«.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market Street.
MADISON & BURKE, Real Estate Agents,
626 Market at., opp. Palace Hotel.
Established ISSB.
Brick building— Battery-st. business corner,
near Market St.; In center of wholesale dis-
trict; apply for particulars.
i Cheap— Point Lobos aye., near Central aye. ;
', two-story house and also two large flats; lot
t £1x81:3; $4000.
1 $12,000— Mission St., between First and 8eo-
ond; a nice down-town business property.
$5000— Baker St., near Sacramento: eight
rooms and bath, In perfect order; 23:6x102:6.
$5000— Clementina St.. near Fifth; two houses; [
■ store and flats; rents $55 per month; 25x80.
— Near Golden Gate aye. and Leaven-
| worth St.; rents $45; lot 20x60; Inside property; j
always rented.
! Twenty-seventh St., near Dolores; 11
i rooms, 2 baths; lot 2f>xll4.
I $5500— $55 per month; Bnotwell-Bt. j
I corner; etore and flat*; lot 25x90.
MADISON & BURKE,
626 Market St., opp. Palaoe Hotel.
JOHN PFORR, removed to 403 Pine St., oppo- i
site the Nevada Bank.
$18,600— Kent $150; corner 6 flats of 7 and 8
rooms and bath each; Sacramento and Scott j
pis.; a flrst-rate Investment.
$36,000— Rent $3000 per annum; fine centrally
I located property; stores and flats.
$4000— Maybe en; a two-story bay-window
house of 9 rooms and bath on O'Farrell st., near
Laguna; lot 26x100.
$3000— Good two-story house on Eighteenth st., !
near Castro; lot 25x100.
$4350— Reduced again from $4600; an extraor-
dinary bargain on Fulton St., near Franklin;
only 3 blocks from City Hall and near Market
St.; a two-story house, stable and garden; lot
27:6x137:6; worth $5500, but must be sold.
$7500— Fine residence on Devlsadero st., near '
j Fell: 9 rooms: modern Improvements; 25x112:6.
$5500 Rent $47; a splendid Investment, on :
! Geary Bt. ; three-story house; store and 2 flats, '
! 6 rooms and bath each.
$5600— A nice property on Spear St., between
i Howard and Folsom.
$26,000— Reduced from $34,000; rent $287; Lar-
I kin st., south of Geary; stores and flats; a
■ dead bargain.
$3850— Rent $45: Webster St.. near Washing-
' ton; a fine double flat, 6 rooms and bath each. ,
Several fine properties on McAllister st.
HEALTH resort of San Francisco— Sunset
Beach lots and cottages for sale and for rent; |
near Golden Gate Park and boulevard. ■
■ JACOB HEYMAN. 19 Montgomery at.
j $750—4 ROOMS and bath; cottage; 60x125; Alvln I
Tract, El mhurst, near Oakland: easy terms. |
JACOB HEYMAN, 19 Montgomery st. j
NEW 4-room house; corner Cortland aye. j
and Dakota St.; close to electric cars; Btreet ;
v..red and graded; easy terms. JACOB !
HEYMAN. 19 Montgomery st. I
VERY CHEAP. ]
v.. K-room-and-bath cottage on Douglass :
st near Twenty-third; easy terms. JACOB
HBYMAN, 19 Montgomery st. s I
riNLT $1300 for two lots on Twelfth aye., close ,
to Clement; ready for building; all street :
•work done: 25x120 each; easy terms. W. J. >
GUNN. 410 Montgomery et. _,
IF you have lota north of Golden Gate Park.
w/«t of First aye., and you wish to sell them,
call on W. J. CIUNN. 410 Montgomery el j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1899.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN & C 0.,"" ~~~ r ~~— :
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
14 MONTGOMERY STREET.
BUSINESS.
$40,000— Downtown business property: near
Kearny and Market sts.; 3-story brick build- ,
Ing; store and lodging house; rent $290; 35x •
137:6.
$40,000— Stockton St., near Market St.; im-
provements renting for $2400 per annum; 40x80.
$18.000 — Corner on Davis St.; improvements :
renting for $10S0 per annum; 24x75.
$10,600— Fine corner on Fillmore st.: Improve-
ments substantial in store and several flats;
rent $900 per annum; 27:0xSl:S.
$8500— Fourth-st. business property; to close
an estate; Improvements and lot 25x85; rents
$660 per annum.
FLATS AND INVESTMENTS.
$15,500 Price greatly- reduced; corner on
Howard St.; 2 stores with living rooms and 4
flats of 7 and 5 rooms and bath each; rent $1080
per annum; brick foundation, etc; large lot,'
35x122:6; $10,000 can remain at 6^> per cent per
annum: owner going to Germany to live.
$14,500— Four elegant modern flats; rents $1320
per annum; 50x100; McAllister st. ,
$12,500— Rents $1230 per annum; 3 houses, con-
sisting of 5 rooms and bath each; 2 houses of
6 rooms and bath each; 55x137:6; Western Ad-
dition; good location.
$12,000— A splendid Investment; rents $1260 per
annum; 6 substantial 2-story and basement
houses of 7 rooms and bath each; corner on
Powell et.; 37:6x77:6.
$3000— Western Addition; . rents $372 per an-
num; 8 tenements and lot.
$1500— Rents $216 per annum; a big bargain; ;
house In 3 tenements and lot: near Clay and i
Mason Ets.
$1350— aouthslde Investment; rents $432
per annum; 4 tenements of 4 rooms each; 25
xSO.
RESIDENCES.
$20,000— Elite location; Pacific Heights; unex-
celled marine views; an admirably planned resi-
dence; large sunny rooms; very attractive In-
terior; built by the day; very sunny: never be- i
fore offered for sale; large lot, 75x137:6; south i
front.
$6500— Opposite AHa Plaza square; a real bar- j
gain; an elegant residence of 8 rooms and bath;
modern and In first-class condition; nearly new. |
— To close an estate: Geary St.; substan-
tial house of 8 rooms and bath. etc.; rents $4SO
per annum; 25:10x120; 2 frontages.
$4760— bargain: to close an estate: retits $420
per annum; substantial house of 6 rooms and
bath; Geary st.; 25:11x120; 2 frontages.
COTTAGES.
$1750— very cheap home; nearly new; cozy !
modern bay-window cottage of 4 large rooms, ;
bath, laundry, etc.; brick foundation.
$1260— Mission cottage; will sell on In- I
stallments; part cash; 42x140:6%.
LOTS.
$1250 and upward— Choice building lots; very
cheap; 10 sold; Noe, 14th and Henry sts.: 1
block from Market St.; 25x115 and 25x105 each; I
level, on grade and ready for building; offered
at very low prices and being so nicely located
are selling rapidly.
On very easy terms; we are offering the lots
at Waller and Steiner sts. of the German Sav-
ings and Loan Society; street work done com- j
plete; lots all ready to build on; terms a fourth
cash, balance at 7 per cent; only a few left.
$800 each and upward— lnstallment lots; Rich- j
mond; Tenth aye., C and I' sts.; adjacent to the
Park; 25x120; $50 cash, $10 per month; Interest j
at 7 per cent.
Choice list of building lots In every part of |
the city at prices to suit.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate Rec-
ords," which contains a list of properties for
sale In all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery St.
FOR SALE BY
HAWKS & SKELTON, 321 Montgomery st.
$9000— corner; finest view of bay and
Presidio in the city: NW. Larkin and Chest-
nut; California and Hyde st. cars in one* block;
145:0x139:6, or In subdivisions aa follows:
$3000— For corner, 87:6x139:6.
$1600— Inside lots, 27x139:6; easy terms.
$27oo— corner lot; Fifteenth, near Valencia;
choice for flats; light for every room.
$100— Lots south of Park; buy for your chil-
dren.
$SOoO— Modern house, Gourd St., eight rooms
and finished attic and basement, tiling, etc.
view of bay.
$7300— St., near Union; fine bay view; 8
rooms and attic; new and artistic.
Cottage In warm belt of Mission; five
rooms and bath, high basement; make offer.
$32u&— Flats; Hartford St., near Castro and
Nineteenth; four and five rooms and bath;
rents $330 per annum.
$4250— Howard, near Eighteenth; eight rooms
and bath; can be altered to flats and pay |
good Interest.
$5600— New flats; Frederick, near Clayton and
the Park; rents $630 per annum: easy terms.
HAWKS & SKELTON,
321 Montgomery st.
" .... McAFEE BROTHERS
108 Montgomery st., San Francisco.
MISSION LOT.
Lot on MlFsion st., near Twelfth; 40x137:6; old
Improvements; will be sold cheap; an offer
wanted.
y POST ST., NEAR LARKIN.
Fine lot 25x120 to rear street; residence of 10
rooms; fine for doctors' offices; cars pass; price
$10,000.
$13,000— PACIFIC HEIGHTS.
Fine residence of 12 rooms on Pacific Heights;
marine view; lot 3S: 10x137:6.
RENTS $65. PRICE $6500.
Three good flats on . Laxkin St.; pays 1 per
cent gross; lot 24x100.
$4750.
Three fine flats on Minna st., near Eighth;
rented for $47 monthly; a good safe Income
property.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS.
Five beautiful lots In Pacific Heights, com-
manding marine view; will be sold at a grand
bargain; send for plat.
SOUTH OF MARKET.
Etore and three flats rented for $41); lot 22:11 x
80; price $3760.
NEAR AFFILIATED COLLEGES.
Fine lots with view of the city; $800 to $1100.
McAFEE BROS., McAFEE BROS.,
10S Montgomery St., San Francisco.
SAN FRANCISCO
SNAPS 1 . SNAPS! SNAPS!
THIS WEEK ONLY.
You missed it on some of them we sold last
Don't be behind time this week if any of
these suit you:
$800—110 per month; five rooms, bath; new
and flrtt-class In every respect: at Sunnyslde.
51000— 512 50 per month; same locality and
size, but has basement and larger lot.
$1000 $12 50 per month; live rooms, large lot;
plenty of flowers; San Rafael.
$1350— $1S per month; 7 rooms: close to Hotel
Rafael- excellent locality and large ground*.
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY,
Room 2, 222 Sarsome St., San Francisco; also
Frultvale station.
$9000 FOR 60 feet on Mission St., near 21st; old
houses bringing $60; mortgage $5000.
$1700— Cottage, 5 rooms. In splendid order;
Harrison, near Twenty-third; street bltumln-
Izefl. This is a bargain.
$2200— Cottage, 6 rooms, bath; Clipper, near
Sanchez; 24:6x114.
$2500— Modern cottage, 5 rooms, bath; Twenty-
third, near Harrison; 25x80; part cash.
$4250— Three flats, 4 and 5 rooms and bath
each: Colllngwood, near Nineteenth st. ; 27:« x
310' easy terms; best thing In the district.
$1000— Cheap lot on Second aye., near Point
Lobos: 25x120.
W. H. CRIM & CO., 118 Montgomery st.
CLEARINO-UP SALE
Of the few remaining lots between Douglass,
Hoffman. Twenty-second and Elizabeth sts.
THE HOME CENTER
OF SAN FRANCISCO.
The last lots of this magnificent residential
section are now being sold at special prices.
Such values and terms never obtainable
again.
NO CABH NO CASH !
REQUIRED. REQUIRED.
YOU START RIGHT IN WITH
$5 OR $10 MONTHLY PAYMENTS.
Call or write for book telling all about this
property.
OSCAR HETMAN, 14 Post st.
DO YOU : $15 OR $12 60 MONTHLY.
WANT : Two new modern cottages, each
A : 4 rooms and hath, and having all
HOME? : modern conveniences and only 2
: blocks from electric cars. OSCAR
: HEYMAN, 14 Post st.
FOR SALE.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS. MARINE VIEW.
NEW MODERN RESIDENCES.
Northwest corner of Vallejo and Fillmore sts.
Each house has natural wood finish through-
out, every late Improvement, modern open
plumbing, electric lighting, . furnace, etc.; ma-
rine view that cannot be surpassed or Inter-
rupted; Janitor on premises; open dally; call
and see them.
HOOKER & LENT, 14 Post St.
BUSINESS corner on Point Lobos aye. at a
forced sale; 32:6x100; only $1500: all of the
surrounding blocks graded and the lots now
being built upon; a fine chance to build up
a business; the only corner for sale In the
tract! easy terms; excellent location for store
and flats, and will pay well: a rare chanoe.
W. J. GUNN, 410 Montgomery st.
REAL ESTATE — — FOR SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 MONTGOMERY ST.
DEVISADERO-ST. FLATS.
$7250— Fine fiats, near Page St.; contain all
conveniences; large, lot. 2SxlOO; good business
property; would pay handsomely If building
was raised and store built under It; mortgage |
of $4000 can remain. ,
$8250— Fine business corner on Seventeenth :
st.; new corner building, containing store and j
flat of 5 rooms above; also new building con- i
taining 2 flats of 4 rooms and bath each; rents |
$74, all rented; this property is a fine invest-
ment.
Business corner on O'Farrell St., close
to town; improvements consist of two-story
building: contains store and flat of 6 rooms
and bath; also two-story house on the cross I
street; rents $90.
LEAVENWORTH-ST. i FLATS.
$5500— May be less; 2 bay-window flats; near
California Bt.
DOUGLASS ST.. BET. 20TH AND 21ST.
New house of 9 rooms and bath; lot 25x125;
only Jl7OO.
FORCED SALE.
Diamond. St., near Eighteenth: 7 rooms and
bath; lot 25:6x125; (2800; warm rielt
FORECLOSURE SALE — FINE MODERN
• FLATS.
$4900— Golden Gate aye., near Baker St.;
splendid building; cost over $5000; everything
up to date; a great bargain; rents $45.
$72VJ0— Corner on Clay st., near Mason; three-
story building, store and 20 rooms above; lot
28x70; under lease; a great bargain.
$1700— Hartford St., near Eighteenth; cottage
of 4 rooms, bath, etc.; brick foundation; lot
24:7x125.
AN OFFER WANTED.
$7500 — Very cheap; Jackson st., near Buchan-
an; extra large lot. 50x127, with "L" 25x27,
with cottage of 10 rooms; also stable.
$2130— Fourth aye.. near Lake st. ; one-story
cottage of 6 rooms, bath and basement; lot
25x120.
$8760 Rents $85; thr«-e new flats fronting the
Park Panhandle; lot 25x137:6; all rented; a fine
Investment.
$2000— Harrison *st., near Twenty-fourth; cot-
tage of 4 rooms; lot 25x112:6.
$4660— Golden Gate aye., near Lyon St.; two
flats of 6 and 7 rooms and bath each; rents i
$40; lot 25x100.
AN OFFER WANTED.
$47EO— Jackson St., near Mason; 3 flats; also
a two-story house of 10 rooms; lot has 46 feet
frontage; rents $52.
$10,000 — A good location for a physician's of-
fice and residence; Post St., between Larkln
and Polk; two-story residence of 10 rooms and :
bath; lot 25x120. to rear street.
$2100— Nineteenth St., near Texas; new cot- ]
tage of 4 rooms and bath; price Includes fur-
niture, etc.; lot 25x100.
$12,500— Splendid business corner on two prom-
inent retail business streets In the Mission;
fine substantial Improvements; always rented,
$90: will certainly increase In value.
$4000— An offer wanted; rents $10; two-story
and basement brick building, containing three
flats; on South Park, near Third st.
BALDWIN A HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
CHOICE PARK LOTS
ON EASY TERMS.
THE BLOCK
Facing Golden Gate Park on H St., between
Eighteenth and Nineteenth lives., has Just j
been placed on sale in subdivisions. Already
a number of lots have been sold. Have you I
seen this block? Fifty of the best lots, every
one on grade with streets, which are officially '
graded and macadamized. Plank sidewalks
and water mains laid all ready for building.
Prices ranging from $500 upward. Your own
terms. Interest on deferred payments only 6 j
per cent. As these lots face the park and the !
new Nineteenth avenue boulevard, they will i
surely Increase in valuo. Near the new music !
stand and all principal park attractions. Elec- I
trie cars paps the property. Take Bills or
Halght street cars. If you are wise you will
see them at once and secure your choice.
Branch office, corner of II st. and Ninth aye.
Open daily, Sundays Included.
BALDWIN A HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
$5000— PRICE reduced; elegant cottage on Brod-
erlck St.. near Hush; fine home.
$4000 — Rents $50; new flats on Federal St.. nr.
Second and Bryant; offer wanted; bargain.
$2500 — Very anxious to sell; Point Lobos, near j
Cook: large lot. with building; give us a bid.
Four-room cottage on 20th et., near '
Church: all In good order.
$1000 — A ■--•■at snap: 4-room cottage on Vir-
ginia aye., close to Miseton-St. car house.
IS'X I—Fine1 — Fine lots on Potrero aye., near Twen-
tieth st..: easy terms.
$l r .O — Boulevard lots; low prices: easy terms.
$5 cash; $5 per month; lots south of the Park.
McEWEN BROS., Montgomery st.
NOTICE— We are selling lot on very easy terms i
in the block bet. 19th and 20th ayes.. N and
O sis : on October 1 the price will be ad-
vanced $25 on each lot unsold.
McEWEN BROS., US Montgomery st.
O. F. YON RHELN & CO..
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
80x46:S — NE. corner Post and Stocxton sts.: SO
on Post by 46 :S on Stockton; properly Improved '
will rent for $1500 per month.
33x137:6— Hayes ft., near Fillmore; 3 flats; '
rent $90: $13,500.
61:6x117:6 — Taylor st., near Pine; 16-room
house; rent $50; $10,000.
38:9x137:9— Union St., near Dupont: 2-story
brick building; rents $66 50; $S5OO.
20x68:9 to rear st. — Union St., near Dupont;
3 front and 3 rear flats; rents $64 60; $3000.
2"xSO -Fourth ■ st., near Harrison; store and
flat: $1?00; sale urgent.- -"A
46x30— Greenwich, near Taylor; three 2-story
bouses; rents $.54; $6250.
112:6x37:6x87:6 — Cor. Kearny and Greenwich;
10 2-story houses; rents $S0; $6000.
25x100— Pacific aye., near Polk; 2 flats and
rear house; rents $45; $5000.
22x68:?— Pacific, near Mason; house of eight
rooms and bath; $4500.
24:3x69:9— Green st., near Powell; new mod-
ern bay-window flats; rents $3S; $4500.
25x122:6-Shotwell St., near 24th; 2 flats; $3SOO.
31x122:6 — Howard, nr. 19th: cottage; rents $16.
22:6x120— T0 rear street; Union, near Jones; 2
flats; rents $24; $2500.
25x100— Lyon, near Geary: cottage; $2250.
22:11x65:9— 230 Francisco St.. near Stockton; 3-
story house and large basement; $2000.
Auburn, near Pacific; 3-story house;
rents $24; $1700.
25x64— Post, near Central aye.; cottage; $1500.
UNIMPROVED.
Florida st., north of ISth; adjoining
Union Brewery; offer wanted.
— Scott St., near Washington: $3750.
bOx7l:lO— SE. cor. Polk and Lombard sts.
26x105— Cor. 22d and Noe sts.; $2200.
37:4 I 4 xl37:<>— Greenwich, near Polk; $2000.
25x100— Valencia, bet. 13th and 14th; 4 lots.
260x125— NW. cor. Fountain and 25th.
25x137:6—8. Frederick, west of Cole.
SOL GETZ * BROTHER,
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
New lots, superb locations, lowest prices.
$3«0 to $800— Sunset Heights lots from Sev-
enth to Nineteenth ayes., ready to build
on; $25 down, $10 monthly.
Branch Office. Ninth aye., near H st. Every
day and Sunday.
$400 to $700— Richmond lots, $10 monthly.
$76 to Ocean Boulevard lota, $5 monthly.
$100 to $260— Mission st. and Octan View lots.
$5 monthly.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
BOL QETZ ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
FOR SALE— House of 3 rooms and bath. In-
quire 4410 Twenty-third st., Heyman Tract.
$3100— RENTS $30. 2 Broadway; bay-window 6
and 4 room flats. Inquire 1128 Vallejo st.
$20 000— BUSINESS property; good Income; In-
come $140 per month. Owner, box 2426, Call.
$7850— CHOICEST corner of all; marine and
park view, front and rear; cannot be obstruct-
ed- 10 large Bunny rooms: most expensively
decorated; inlaid floor, mahogany, cherry and
oak mantels; plate-glass windowe; very costly
6-llght gas fixtures; French range, heaters,
conservatory, etc. Apply corner Fulton and
Shrader sts., from 12 to 4 p. m. McAllister
or Hayes st. cars; terms to suit.
$5300— COULD not be duplicated for lens than
$6000- new up-to-date park residence; only 1
left out of 5; 9 sunny rooms; 4 extra fine man-
tels cak doors and staircase; incandescent
electric lighting; marble pteps; large lot. etc.
171 Carl st . near Ftanyan; Ellls-st. cars
within 1 block; Ferries, Park and Ocean care
paFs the door; owner on premises.
C C BEMIS, Real Estate and General Land
Agent. 324 Montgomery st.
Make offer— Northeast corner Twenty-seventh
and Douglass sts.; must be sold; 80x114 feet.
$2800— North line Carl St.. neaT Stanyan; 60x
Residence and lot-North line Pacific aye..
near Webster St.; lot 30x127:8^4 feet.
$S26— LARGE lot. 44:6x103:6. nr. Sunnyslde; 1
block from two car lines; positive bargain:
no humbug. Owner. 21 Powell, rooms 1 and 2.
NEW HOMEB '*9* "and 10 room houses, finished
Five (79 and 10 room housas. finished
with all ' modern conveniences, fronting on
Waller Pierce and Pilmros* sts.. from $3100
to $4600; terms to suit purchaser. F. NEL-
BON. Builder.
$32 WEBSTER, 821. corner McAllister— sunny
corner rooms and 1 baths; a bargain. BHAIN-
WALD, BUCKBEE & CO.. 220 Montgomery st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address In ■ th«
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY— For Sale
$34 000— INVESTMENT; business property In
the county of Santa Crux bringing In an In-
. come of $4000 per annum and leased to a good
tenant- property cost $90,000 and Is well Im-
proved: Insured for $20,000; old age of owner
Is only reason for selling; Income can be In-
creased and property 1c well worth $60,000. For
' further particulars Inquire of J. R. CHACE,
54 N. First St., Ban Jose. Cal.
MENU) PARK— 2* acres up; $110 to $160 per
acre; large oaks; water; rich soil; % cash;
bank sale. W. G. GRIFFITH, room 811.
Hearst building. - -
$20.000— VINEYARD: close to Napa City; 90
acres with winery and all Improvements; this
would make one of the best resorts In Cali-
fornia. Mclaughlin & co., 777*4 Market.
REAL. ESTATE — For Sale
$3500— NEW 7-roomed house, near business cen-
ter, Oakland; new carpets, etc., one-half in
outside property, balance long time.
$40,000—12 flats, north of Market St., city: will
take half in country lands, balance 6V 2 per
sent; fine income; all rented.
$25,000— Elegant San Jose residence; large
grounds; exchange for city property and pay
twenty to fifty thousand cash difference.
$4000—50 acres Santa Cruz Mountains, one-half
bearing orchard, cottage and out buildings;
exchange for dwelling in any of the bay towns.
$1600— Choice San Jose building lot; exchange
for building lot in Berkeley.
W. G. GRIFFITH.
Room 311. Hearst Building.
SWAMP LANDS— » . . .
4612 acres In Solano County, bounded by
Cache Slough on west and south. Prospect
Slough on east; price $2 50 per acre.
MCAFEE BROTHERS,
10S Montgomery st., San Francisco. Cal.
FIXE level land, cleared, at Antelope, Sacra-
mento Co.; will lease for 6 years with privi-
lege of buying, or will lease on easy terms.
McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
HUMBOLDT Dairy farms for sale: red-
wood, grazing lands. Q. H. Burchard, Arcata.
MARIN Co.. 2G miles from S. F.— *40 to *80 per
acre; choice lands In tracts of all sizes; im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay. grain
fruit and vegetable lands: easy terms; rail
and water transit: good schools. HOMt AM)
FARM CO.. rm. 27. Bth floor. Mills bUg., S. F.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 rapes, sent to any address in the
United State", postpaid, for $1 per year.
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
WANT small ranch on shares. Call or address
F. G. R.. 200 Hannah St.. Oakland.
— — — *— ™
— — ■ : ■ * ~
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CLAY, 1610 Rooms for light housekeeping for
man and wife; private house; no otner room- |
ers.
EDDY, 610— and elegantly furnished four.
rooms, parlor floor; also twi. connecting
rooms, sunny side, for housekeeping.
EIGHTH. W«; near Market— Sunny furnished
bedroom and kitchen; reasonable.
ELLIS S2S— Parlor suite; 3 sunny unfurnished
rooms: hot and cold water; housekeeping.
FIFTH, 353— Furnished housekeeping and store
with fixtures, $17; also single room. $5.
FILLMORE, 2208, near Clay— sls; 6 clean sunny
rooms; bath; nice yard and water.
FOLSOM 525— Large sunny furnished room;
light housekeeping; $1 50 weekly.
FULTON, SOS— Furnished 2 or 3 sunny house-
keeping rooms; exclusive kitchen; large yard.
HARRISON, 618— Two sunny unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping; running water and use of
cook Etove; rent $9; private yard.
HOWARD, 923y.— Very large sunny room; two
gentlemen, or convenient for light housekeep- ,
ing; private.
IVAXHOE 1002 Polk, cor. Geary— Light, clean,
tunny; fur. hkpg. suites (3 to jr.). $15 up: ret.
LAGUNA, $24, corner McAllister— James
Apartments. __
LARKIN, 326—2 or 3 sunny housekeeping apart-
ments; furnished complete; gas range; bath.
LEAVEXWORTH, 1503, nr. Jackson— 3 sunny
furnished rooms: bath; housekeeping; $10.
MASON, 1111— Furnished housekeeping rooms.
MINNA, 514— Two furnished rooms; complete
for housekeeping.
MISSION 2035, near Sixteenth— front
room; '$1 75 a week; also other rooms.
NINETEENTH, 5334— Three furnished rooms,
bet. Mission and Howard; $12.
O'FARRELL 12$. corner Powell— Nice front
room. $5. Apply at 15 Grant aye.
O'FARRELL, 750. bet. Hyde and Larkln—
neatly and comfortably furnished rooms,
kitchen connecting: laundry; large sunny
yard; private, quiet; handy to business cen-
ter; also single rooms; rates very reasonable,
PINE, 1427 One or two unfurnished rooms and
bath.
POLK, 522— Unfurnished housekeeping rooms;
•lv reasonable.
KIN' "ON place, 28, oft Harrison, bet. First and
Second— View of bay; sunny room and kitchen
for lady or man and wife; no children.
SEVENTEENTH. 373*— Furnished or unfur-
nished rooms; very reasonable.
SHIPLEY, 259—4 rooms, $6; Natoma, 60, 2
rooms, $5, for hkpg.; no dogs, no children.
SIXTH, 405— Suite of housekeeping rooms, with
gas and bath; $12 per month. ._
SUTTEH, 1111. nr. Larkln— Comfortably furn.
single suites; also hskpg.; terms reasonable.
THIRD 316- Housekeeping rooms; suite and
single; $1 50 to $2 50.
THIRD, 303— Housekeeping rooms; also single
rooms, $1 up. .
TURK, 529 — Sunny bedroom and kitchen; both,
$3 per week; one room, $1 75.
TWENTY-FIRST. 3278, near Valencia— s sunny
furnished housekeeping rooms; renovated;
bath; laundry.
VAN NESS aye., 1021. corner Geary Suite,
two or three nice rooms, gas stove, bath.
WEBSTER. 616—2 or 3 unfurnished sunny cor-
ner front rooms; bay-window; suitable for
light housekeeping: no children. ;•
WEBSTER. 711— Large parlors and kitchen;
unfurnished; modern Improvements ; rent $15.
! A BRANCH office' for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st
ROOMS TO LET Furn. and Infiirn.
ABBOTSFORD (The). cor.Broadway and Polk—
Quiet and homelike; rooms bright and sunny,
single, suite; charges moderate; cars direct.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor «ts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms, 50c to $150 day. MRS. J. KING.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. .
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth - Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night. >
A NICELY furnished front sunny bay-window
room with bath for gentleman; central. Box
2250. Call office.
AT New Grand 246 3d— lst-class sunny rms..
15c to $1 day; 90c to $4 wk; also housekeeping.
PUTTER. 717. 831— Runny; reasonable; ap-
preciated If seen: please Investigate.
BALDWIN Annex Lodgings (930 Market at.)—
Central location; entirely new management;
office suites and single rooms at mod. prices.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1564) -Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gats
a.ye. — Sunny corner; well furn. rms. & offices.
! EDDY. 305— Finely furnished front parlor; also
housekeeping rooms; terms reasonable.
EDDY. 313— Suite find single; nicely furnished;
all modern conveniences.
EDDY. 123 (United States Hotel)— Clean, neat
rooms, from $1 50 a week up. .
EDDY, Furnished rooms, single and en
suite; also for housekeeping: bath; gas.
ELLIS, 114— Fine furnished rooms; permanent
and transient; private; all convenience!!.
ELLIS. 618— Large room for 2 gentlemen; all
conveniences; newly furnished: $18.
EXCELSIOR House. 29 Turk, cor. Taylor— New
mangt.: sunny front wind, rmt.; trans'nt.
! FULTON, 218. cor. Van Ness— Neatly furnished
flat; 3 rooms; gas range, bath; also others.
; GEARY. 14A— Nicely furnished suite of rooms;
also single rooms from $1 up.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Comfortable furn.
rooms; travelers accommodated. MRS. HYER.
GEARY, 658— Elegant sunny parlors, piano,
phone; other rooms; light housekeeping.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission st*. — Sunny rooms, en suite or single;
ladles' parlors: rending room: elevator.
GROVE. -Two nice front sunny rooms, en
suite or single; modern conveniences, gas and
bath: rent reasonable.
GROVE. 208, near Van Ness aye.— A nice fur-
nish' front room, with sun most of the day.
HANCOCK House, 7*l Mission— Select family
rooming house; fl 50 to $6 per week.
HARRISON, 784 I*,1 *, near ' Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny mis.: bath; homelike; $1 wk. up.
HAWTHORNE, 172. bet. Second and Third,
near Harrison— Pleasant sunny rooms; board
optional; reasonable. '
HOWARD, 71.".— tunny rooms; nicely fur-
nished; every convenience: electric lights.
HOWARD S!?— Furnished rooms from $1 per
week un: also housekeeping and transient.
HOWARD. 1144— Nice sunny suites; running
water: reasonable; permanent patrons desired.
HOWARD. 1151 A— Bay-window room; 1 or 2
gentlemen: with bath; board optional.
JESSIE, 478, near Sixth— Nice furnished double
and single rooms.
JEWISH lady taking house, nice locality, near
Market St., would let few furnished rooms.
Address Miipah, box 2119. Call office.
LANGTON, 45— Sunny furnished room, $6 a
month. ■, ■ • .
LARKIN Newly and handsomely fur-
nished sunny parlor suite; also desirable sln-
gle rooms. : ' . ' '« '
LARKIN, 804— Sunny front room, neatly fur-
nished, $8. .
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unforn.
LEAVENWORTH, 1237, ntar Unfur-
nished sunny parlor suite: bay window; mid-
dle flat; fine modern building; excellent loca-
tion; rent reasonable. ■
LEXINGTON, 134. ■' nr. Eighteenth— Three
rooms, $9; also 114 Eleventh, one furnished
room.
MARKET. 1037%— Epworth; clean and re-
spectable; prices low. I
MASON. 406— Nice single furnished room for
gentleman.
MINNA, 5718— sunny front room; IS per
month.
MINNA. 667. cor.Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient.
NATOMA. 207, near Third— Sunny front room
for gentleman.
NATOMA, 245 Furnished room's, $1. $1 25 and
$1 50; housekeeping rooms, $2 50 per week.
"NEWPORT." 21 Franklin, nr. Market— Large
bay-win, rms. and single. $5 up: also hskpg.
O'FARRELL. Changed hands; newly fur-
nished rooms; all conveniences; single or en
suite; transients solicited; 56c up; phone 1299.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator; electric lights: day, wk.. mo.
O'FARRELL, ?27— Single room, neatly fur-
nished; $4 per month.
PERRY. 131—5 rooms to let; rent $12. Call 165
San Carlos nve., bet. Eighteenth and Nine-
teenth sts., Mission.
PINE, 95SA, bet. Mason and Taylor— Sunny
room with privilege of getting own break-
fast, $5.
POWELL. 817 (formerly Cosmos Club)— El-
egantly furnished eunny rooms: reasonable.
POWELL. 609. above Butter— Newly furnished
. rooms, with or without board; home cooking
exclusively.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis St.— lncandescent
light, reading room, emoking room and
ladies' parlor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50;
week, $2 to $S: month, $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor: rooms with hot, cold wat. ; baths.
SEVENTH, 262— Nicely furnished rooms: sun-
ny all day; nice lawn; modern conveniences.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market — 'urnlshed and unfurnished.
SIXTH, 33, nr. Market, Hillsdale House— Ele-
gant furnished rooms; elevator; transient.
SUNNY elegantly furnished front parlor; cen-
tral location: gents preferred: privileges;
1 rent $20. Address box 2116, Call office.
TEHAMA. 217%— Nicely furnished sunny front
room In private family; reasonable.
THE Piedmont (119 A Sixth Sunny bay-
window rooms, double or single; rent low.
THE Heath, 312 Eddy St.— First-class rooms
and board: hot and cold water; telephone;
modern; all conveniences.
THIRD, 129— Sunny furnished rooms from $1
per week up.
TURK, 126— Sunny furnished front room for
man and wife; other rooms for gentlemen.
TURK, 543— Clean quiet single mom for gent;
bath; private family; $1 per week.
VALE N'CTA. 117— Two nicely furnished rooms.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
ROOMS WANTED.
SUNNY bedroom, kitchen, yard, exchange for
assistance or sewing; give particulars; one
adult. MRS. A., 1450 Valencia st.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairlng at lowest rates. 2f)5 Fourth st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ARE YOU B U.I.-
We guarantee to restore faded hair to Its
original color In 3 months, cure dandruff or
falling hair in 2 weeks and guarantee to grow
hair on bald heads In 3 months or no pay
when treated at our office. Send stamp for
book. The Hirsutine Co., rooms 34 to 41. St.
Ann's building. 6 Eddy St., S. F., Cal.
LADlES!— Chichester's English Pennyroyal
Pills are the best: safe, reliable; take no
other: fend 4c stamp? for particulars. "Relief
for Ladies," in letter by return mail; at drug-
gists. Chlcheater Chemical Co.. Philadel., Pa.
BAD tenants eject;- for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery <=t.. rooms 9-10: tel BRiO
STORES WANTED.
WANTED for studio, well-lighted room about
30x40; also smaller room; central location. Box
2030. Call. .
STORAGE AND WA REHOUSES.
! CALA. Storage rehouse, F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed: tel. Clay .5.
• PIEHCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post, cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
TO LEASE.
FOR RENT — Fine place for a chicken ranch;
over 7 acres; fine house, barn, chicken houses,
pigeon yard, large brooder house, Incubators,
garden, fine water, etc.; only 40 miles from
the city; close to nice town; rent cheap to
good tenant. Apply to THOMAS BROWN,
Sonoma, Cal.
| ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOUR elegant new up-to-date 2-story houses
of 7, 8 and 9 rooms and bath each; first-class
neighborhood: near school and stations; street
work all complete; from $3000 to $4000; only
$SCO cash and $25 and $30 per month: great bar-
gains; cheap lots for cash and. houses to let
In all parts of Alameda. 1
$2200— Lot 50x150: $200 cash and] s2o per month;
fine, nearly new cottage: In a good neighbor-
hood: near High School and station.
$2500— Lot 35x115, with elegant residence of 8
rooms; in fine condition; macadamized street;
near station and school; great bargain; worth
$3500; any terms: same as rent.
12600 L0t 40x207:6; fine, new, modern 6-room
cottage; near High School and station; $500
cash and $25 per month.
$1000— Lot 25x125; cottage of 5 rooms: street
work complete; near station; easy terms.
$1600— Let 38:4x108; with a fine modern cottage
of 5 rooms and bath; nice garden; street work
all done; near station and school; $100 cash,
balance $20 per month.
$2850— 5500 cash, balance $25 per month; lot
40x150, with new up-to-date cottage of 7 rooms
and bath between broad and narrow gauge on
Morton st.
$3250— 5500 cash, $25 per month; less than
rent; lot 40x150; elegant new 2-story, 8 rooms
and bath; on Morton st., near Morton-* sta-
tion; best bargain In Alameda: elegant re.l-
dences on Santa Clara aye. and Central aye.
at a bargain.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MORE A L & CO.,
1432 Park St., Alameda.
$900— LOT 40x108; northwest corner; 1 block
from Willow-st station.
$1100 — Lot 60x150; San Antonio aye., near
Chestnut st.
$1200 — 25x125; 6-room cottage; fine location;
"snap."
$lS00— 40x108; 8-room house; Grand-st. station.
$3500—50x160; elegant new 8-room house; Clin-
ton aye., near Chestnut-st. station.
$3500—50x150; elegant 8-room new house; Ala-
meda aye., bet. Lafayette and Union f_s.
All the above are close to schools and cen-
trally located and can be purchased on easy
terms; same as paying rent; Investigate.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
1600 PARK ST., ALAMKDA.
18 POST ST.. S. F.
Office open Sundays and holidays.
FOR sale — Bargain; in Alameda, near Ba] Si
station: house of two flats and all 'nodorn
Improvements. For further particulars in-
quire at 231 Stevenson st., San Francisco.
$300— Lot 25x140: $.'ifi down; $10 per month: street
work done. $250— Lot 25x108: $40; MO per month,
or will build to suit. Call at 1243 Park st.
ABOUT finished, modern 8-room house. choic-
est location; also modern cottage. 6 rooms:
lots 60x150: easy terms. Apply 1518 Mozart
Ft.. Miistlck station, Alameaa,
SNAP — New House. 8 rooms an'! bath; lot 50x
150; good location; 5 minute*' walk from sta-
tion. Apply to W. F. 3CHULTK. 1012 Chapin.
CHEAPEST and be*t In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any nddress in the
United Ptates. postpaid, for $1 per year.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND HOARD.
FURNISHED room*, double or single; hot and
cold water shower baths; steam heat, tele-
phone near (station; breakfast if desired;
every home comfort. 2101 Central aye.
HOME for ladles In delicate health; larre
irr-.unds: private. MRS PR, FI'NKE. Hl»i Sth.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$1300 WILL .buy this cozy four-room modern
cottage, bath, good well., lot 40x122 Im-
provements alone worth the money; one
.'block to railroad station and electric cars:
close to stores, postofflce, schools and church:
street newly macadamized; high ground and
nice view; pleasant surroundings. Easy
I terms will be made. H. D. IRWIN, Lorin
Station. Open Sunday*.
C. C. BEMIS, Real Estate and General Land
' Agent, 324 Montgomery st.
In Berkeley— Corner lot 87x160, with modern
bouse of, 9 rooms.'
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
TcTc_bs_ AN ESTATE.
THIRTY ACRES FOR SALE.
Right in the heart of beautiful Berkeley,
Just fit to cut up, near the university and
railroad; fine view. Apply to JOSEPH J.
MASON, Pcstofllce block. Berkeley, or to
J. J. MORRIS, 630 Market St.. San Francisco.
Jl7CO— HOUSE of 5 rooms and bath; lot 50x1*5:
on the sunny side of street; only 4 block 1 ?
from University grounds and 2 blocks from
railroad. JOS J. MASON,
Real Estate, adjoining P. P., Berkeley.
ONLY $3."00— 2-story house of 7 rooms; lot lS6x
125; near electric railroad; Just the place to
raise chickens. JOS J. MASON,
Real Estate, adjoining P. P.. Berkeley.
BERRYMAN station— Nos. 1423 and 1425 Sprue*
St.; 2-stnry. 7 rooms, modern and new; rental
terms; agent on premifise • lay from 2to 4
P. m. THE HOME BUILDING CO.. room
* 2. 222 Sansome st.
NOW is the time to invest in Berkeley.
CALL AMi SEE OUR BARGAINS.
$3Cso— New modern house; 8 large rooms;
street work done; close to IT. C
— Same size house; large lot; fine view.
— Pretty story and a half house; near
: depot; street work done; fine view.
?450 buys a lot 40x135; $1'" down and $10
a month. Why not own a piece of mother
earth? O. G. MAY CO. ,
2123 Center st., Berkeley. ,
3 LOTS on high ground: short walk of univer-
sity; must be sold; als^ 3 modern houses build-
ing: 2 minutes of main entrance to U. <'. M.
L. WURXS. 17th st. and Broadway. Oakland.
NEW; 6 rooms, bath and pantry; hot and cold
water; folding doors; bay-window: brick
foundation; stationary tubs: city water; also
fine well of good water: high basement; 1
block from station; school, churches, stores
and electric cars; price $1S5O; terms $150 cash,
balance $20 per month: take Berkeley train,
get off at Lorin station, ask for RUDOLPH
& PERKINS. _^
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL - ..TATE.
$25 DOWN and $10 per month for a 6-room
house near station; large lot; this is a snap.
$3600— House of 8 rooms on Frultvale aye.; lot
80x150; large cherry trees and Borne other bear-
I ing fruit; house just same as new; in best
; part of Frultvale.
$4500 — 5-roorn house and barn, windmill and
. tank: chicken house; 4 acres of fine land; 1
' acre In fruit, half acre in alfalfa; this is one
of the best places in the country; everything
Is new and in first-class order; half-mile from
electric cars.
For sale by J. W. ELROD,
The Home Building Office,
Frultvale Station.
Or Perry Wall, 630 Market St., B. F.
I HOUSE of 4 rooms, small barn, 2 chicken
houses, 1 brooder house, l Incubator, good
; well and Force pump; lot 75x150; all fenced
and cross-fenced.
$1000— $110 cash, balance $12 per month, will
i buy a new cottage of 5 rooms and bath, attic,
: fruit trees in bearing; lot 57x130; located In the
. best part of Fruitvale, only two blocks from
/ Frultvale avenue.
I $l.'oo— Cottage of 5 rooms and bath, mantel,
! high basement; lot 35x370; a foreclosure bar-
! gain: $200 cash, balance same as rent.
$1600- Bay-window cottage of 5 rooms and
bath; 8-foot basement, all floored; chicken
bouse, stable, fine well; lot 50x200, fronting two
streets, only 3 blocks from Frultvale Station.
$1800— Three acres of sandy loam, with house
i of 3 rooms, barn, chicken houses, hog pens,
t good well and pump; fine place for raising
chickens. H. A. PLEITN'ER.
Frultvale Station, Cal.
WE have not the whole world for sale, but
we have a few choice and desirable bar-
gains, especially capital seeking paying in-
' vestments. What we advertise we can sub-
| stantiate.
C. B. LOWRY, Frultvale Realty Co.,
White Front, Frultvale .Station.
I A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
I 16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
■OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
Oakland real estate.
! e~eT~bunce,
&c 8 broadway, oakland,
sound and SAFE INVESTMENTS.
ACRE TRACTS.
RANCHES.
J2COO— 20 ecres near Oakland.
Plenty of running water; 6-room
house; cheapest piece of land
In this State.
LARGE LIST FOR EXCHANGE-
i $2000—20 acres near Oakland.
30 page catalogue of ranches
I and city homes; most reliable
land office in the State; before
you buy or loan your money on Califor-
nia real estate get my opinion of
Its value. ,E. E. BUNCE, 908 Broadway,
Oakland.
$ir,o CASH, $7 50 monthly till paid, will build a
3-room rustic cottage on lot 69.72x174.75: trees,
shrubbery, living springs of fine water; a
lovely spot for a home; 9 minutes' walk to
S. P. R. R. ; two blocks from electric cars;
no foe? nor cold winds and near two fine
schoolhouses; soil and climate the very best
In Fruitvale; adjoining Greater Oakland;
price all told, $750; Gallndo Tract, Salisbury
st. and Bray aye. Call or send for circular.
455 Seventh st., near Broadway, Oakland; car-
riage free. 11. 7- JONES, owner.
i $10 CASH, $5 monthly till paid, for a fine
chicken run, 50x256 feet: price all told, $190;
Al soil, grand view, superb climate, plenty
of good water; 3 buildings now going up;
electric cars and grand boulevard near by:
not far from a fine school house; Westall
Tract, Frultvale, adjoining East Oakland.
Call or send for circular, 455 Seventh St., near
i corner Broadway. Oakland; H. Z. Jones,
! owner; carriage free.
$3300— A FURNISHED new Gothic Queen Anne
style house. 6 rooms and basement room and
attic; everything the latest style and finish;
seeing is believing; call early; owner Is retir-
ing from housekeeping; property cheaD at
i $4500. .T. S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call 16 paired, sent to any address In th»
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postngf paid.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR f A.L.E.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 1 (25c per
share) of the Kilauea Sugar Plantation Com-
pany will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market street, on or after Fri-
day, September 15th, 1599. Transfer books
will close on Friday, September Bth, 1899, at
3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 7 (85 cents
per share) of the PAAUHAU SUGAR PLAN-
TATION COMPANY will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market St.. on and
after Monday. September 11. 1599. Transfer
books will close on Tuesday. September 5.
1599, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary
~BIRTfiS—MARBIAGES— DEATHS.-
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will noj; be inserted They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
AXT— In this city. August 80, 1899. to th» wife
nf Herman J. Axt, a daughter.
! BROOKS— I" l h lß ■ !iv. AUgUSt 29, 189?, to the
j wife of J. J. Brooks, a son.
CONLAN— In this city, September 1, 1899, to
the wife p{ Patrick Conlan, a daugh:«r.
i DUNNE In this city, August 27, 1899. to the
wife of S. E. Dunne, a son.
' -HEILMANN— In this city, August 23, ISM. to
wife of John E. Heilmann, a son.
HERBERT— this city, September 7, 1893, to
the wife of William W. C. Herbert, a son
and ■ daughter.
KERRISON— In this city. September 1. 1899, to
the wife of R. F. Kerrison. a daughter.
MORAN— In Ocean View, September 7. 1599, to
the wife of Thomas F. Moran, a daughter.
MURPHY— In this city. August 31, 1899, to the
wife of John J. Murphy, a son.
i MURPHY— In this city. September 2, 1599, to
the wife of J. L. Murphy, a daughter.
OSTER— In this city, August 10. 1899, to the
wife of F. J. Oster, a son.
PAHFLTT— In this city. September 9, 1899, to
the wife of Walter Parlett, a daughter.
• READE— In this city, August 31. 1599. to the
wife of James E. Reade, a daughter.
ROSA— In this city, to the wife of .1. F. Rosa,
a dauehter.
SICOTTE— In Oakland. September 9. 1599, to
the wife of Aim.- A. Sicotte. a daughter.
SOLINSKY— In this city, September 7, 1399, to
the wife of Louis B. Sollnsky. a son.
MARRIED.
FURRER— KAMMANN— In this city, Septem-
ber 6 is.;, by the Roy. J. Fuendeling, Ferdi-
nand' Furrer and Marie Kammann.
HACKS— HILSZ— In this city. September 7,
1899, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Oscar Hacks
ard Anna F. Hllsz.
MAUVAIS- HAMPTON— September 2. 1899, by
the Rev. Robert Mackenzie, D.D., Roy Mau-
vais.and Ida Louise Hampton, both of Oak-
land, Cal.
ROSENWASSER— BILDER— In San Jo»e. De-
cember 31, 1599. by Justice of the Peace John
' T. Wallace, Julius Rosenwasser and Carrie
Cantor W. Bllder, both of San Francisco.
SHARROCKS— AMES— August 17. 1839. by __•
17no_text18
Rev. Robert Mackenele, D.D., Dr. Alfred M.
Sharrocks and Mary S. Am«s.
DIED.
Abom, Dr. Edward S. King. Martin M.
Chase. Almedm Knopf, Jules L.
Cunninghiun, Parian Lenn. n. Sister Mary
De la Fontaine, Rus« Lupi rtnl, Luigt
Delany, Mary Mclntyre, Michael
Dunmore, John E. McKena, Mary
Fallon. Isabella McKenna, Owen
Farman. Anders F. Martin. P. Ross
Gerwin. Henry Mower. Margery
Gesell. Caroline O'Neill. Edward A.
Glvin. A. H. Rees, Mary J.
Gutman. Rachael Reilly. IVtriclc
Hageman. George Richter. Captain R.
Hedge. James A. Schuttler. John W.
Hutchinson. Charles Smith, Ebenezer C.
Huxchlnson, Mrs. S. Truseeau. P. C.
Jewell. Jesse Wagner. Augustus H.
Justh. Maurice Wallace. Elizabeth C.
Klnp. Austin
ABOR.V- In this city, September 8. 1899. Dr.
Edward S.. beloved husband of Alberta
Aborn, a native of Philadelphia, Pa., aged 80
year«.
' B ''Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 3 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, rr.4 Sutler street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
CHASE— In this city, September 9. 1899, Alme-
dla, beloved wife of the late Russell Chase
of Vallejo. Cal., a - native Of Massachusetts,
aged 77 years.
CUNNINGHAM— In Fruitvale. September 7.
1809, Parian R., beloved husband of Louise
Cunningham, a native of Canada, aged 64
years 6 months and 9 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Oakland Ma-
sonic Temple, Twelfth and Washington
streets, Oakland, under th« auspioee of Mis-
sion Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M
DE LA FONTAINE— In this city. September 8,
1599, Rose, beloved wife of John do la Fon-
taine, and daughter of Edward and the late
Mary O'Neill, a native of San Francisco, aged
24 years 8 months and 9 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late, resi-
dence, 1321 Natoma street, thence to. St
Charles Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
DELANY— In this city, September 9, 1599.
Mary, beloved relict of Patrick Delany, and
beloved mother of Mrs. M. McDonald and
Mrs. E. Cash man, a native of Ireland.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 406 Buchanan street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, corner Fell and Fillmore
streets, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 11 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
DUNMORE— KiIIed at Manila. P. 1., August
14. 189 S. John E. Dunmore of Company B. ,
First California Volunteers, beloved son of
Sarah an.l the late William Dunmore, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 'J3 years and 2
months.
I r Friends and acquaintance? are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day |
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy street. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
FALLON— In this city, September 7, 1599, Isa-
bella, dearly beloved wife of Martin Fallon,
and mother of Thomas. James, Peter, Martin
and Ellen Fallon, a native of County Done-
gal. Ireland, aged 67 years.
[CT Friends a>id acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), nt 1.30 o'clock, from h.»r late
residence. 2429 Folsom street, thence to St.
Peter's Church for services at 2 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery-
FARMAN— In Emeryville, Alameda County,
September S, IS'.i3, Anders Fredrik Farman,
dearly beloved husband of Anna Farman. and
father of Charles Edward and Arthur Fred-
rik Farman, a native of Sweden, aced 64
years 10 months and 2S days.
IT7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. "Forty-seventh street, off San Pablo
avenue, Emeryville. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery.
GERWIN— At Point Richmond, Contra Costa
County, Cal.. September 6. 1599, Henry Ger-
win, beloved nephew of Mrs M. A. Weh-
jnollpr, and cousin of Mrs. Llzf.le Miller, a
native of Hanover. Germany, aged 35. years.
CTTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow :
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Theo. lerks, 957 Mission street. In-
terment Masonic Cemetery.
GESELL — In the City and County Hospital, ;
September 9, 1899, Caroline Gesell, a native of i
Norway, aged 39 years.
GIVIN— In this city, September 7. 1599. A. H.
Givin, a native of Massachusetts, aged 56
years.
. friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday,) at 2 o'clock, from Knights of ■
Pythias' Hall, 909 Market street, where the i
ef-rvi.res will be held under the außDices of
Golden City Lodge No. 63. K. of P.; Painters' '
Unl -i No. 73, B. of P. and D. of A., and
Building Trades Council. Cremation at I. O.
0 F. Cemetery. . Remains at the parlors of j
Charles J. B. Metzler. 636 Washington street, i
GUTMAN Friends and acquaintances are re- '
spectfully incited to attend the dedication of
th" monument of the late Raehael Gutman
this •'.(.••■ (Sunday), at 3 o'clock, at New
Salem Cemetery.
HAGEMAN— In this city, September 8, 1599, >
George, 'dearly beloved husband of Emily !
Hageman, and father of Mrs. O. F. Westphal, j
a native of Hanover, Germany, aged 65 years ■
4 n.onths and 4 days.
E^-Fri^nds and acquaintances are respect- !
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday) at 1 o'clock, from . the rooms of j
George' H. Thomas Post No. 2. G. A. R., 320 .
Post strwt. Comrades of the G. A. R. and ;
Companions of the Loyal Legion are respect- :
fully invited to attend. Interment private,
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
HEDGE— In this city, September 8, 1899, James ■
A. Hedge beloved brother of L. M. Hedge, a
native of Missouri, aged 44 years and 11
months.
in?' Friends and acquaintances ara respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
iM'i'nrlay). at 12 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles .1. B. Metzler, 636 Washington street.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
HUTCHINSON— In this city, September 7. 1899. i
Chflrles E-, beloved husband of Margaret j
Ruby Hutchinson, and father of Marguerite
R. Hutchinson, a ratlve of San Francisco,
aged S3 years.
[TjTripnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of i
the , California Undertaking Company, 405
P well street, near Post. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
HUTCHINSON— In this city, September 6, 1899,
Mrs. S. C. Hutcbinson, mother of Jessie F.
Hutchinson and Mrs. c . W. Page of Hono-
lulu. H. 1., a native of Maine, aged 64 years.
JK WELL— this city, September 9, 1899, Jesse
Bracken, beloved son of Jesse I. and Fannie.
Jewel!, a native of Santa Rosa, Cal., aged
4 yenrs and 11 months.
JUSTH— Killed In action at Malate trenches,
August 1. 1898, Maurice Justh. beloved nephew
• of Henry and Johanna Wehser, and cousin
of W. E. and G. Wehser and George Lazar. a
native of Presburg. Austria, aged 25 years.
IC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), p.t 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Interment
National Cemetery, Presidio.
OFFICERS and members of Court Palo Alto
No. r.3, F of A . will meet at their hall
to-morrow (Monday), at 12:30 o'clock sharp,
to attend the funeral of our late brother,
Maurice Justh. By order of the C. R.
LEO KAI'FMANN. Secretary.
KING— In this city, September 9. 1899, Austin,
dearly beloved husband of Delia King, a na-
tive of Ireland.
[T7"Notica of funeral hereafter.
KING — In the City and County Hospital.
September S. I - 1 - Martin M. King, a na-
tive of Connecticut, aged 35 years.
KKOPF— In this city, September S. 1599, Jules
Louis, beloved s"n of Camllle and Odyle
Knopf, and brother of August and Camilla
Knopf, a native of San Francisco, aged 13
years 10 months and 19 days.
r FT' rn and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 11 Scott place, off Broadway.
between Powell and Mason streets. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
LENNON--At the Presentation Convent, Pow-
ell street. September 8, 1599, Sister Mary de
Pazzl Lennon.
(ETA solemn requiem rrwiss at the convent
to-morrow (Monday^ at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LUPORINI— In this city, September 7, 1539.
Lulgl LuiK>rini, a native of Italy, ared 60
years.
McINTTRE— A solemn mass of requiem
(month's mind) will be celebrated for the re-
pose of the soul of the late Michael Mclntyre
at Sacred Heart Church to-morrow (Monday),
at 10 o'clock. Friends and acquaintances are
respectfully Invited to attend.
JIrKENA- A solemn month's mind mass will
be celebrated for the repose of the soul of
Mary McKena to-morrow (Monday), at 8
■ o'clock, at St. Mary's Cathedral.
MrKENNA— In this city, September 8. 1899,
Owen, beloved husband of Sarah McKenna,
and father of Harry P.. John M.. Jennie M..
5 A., Eugene J. and Mary C McKenna, a
native of County Donegal, Ireland, aged 38
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invite. l to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1024 Clay street. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
MARTIN— In the City and County Hospital,
September 9, l '<*. P. Ross Martin, a native of
Prince Edwards Island, aged 37 years.
MOWER— In Bangor, Me., August 6, 1899, Mar-
gery Mower, beloved mother of Charles w.,
May E. and G. H. Mower of Santa Cruz and
Mrs. George Abell of Needham, Mass., a na-
tive' of Banker, Me., aged 60 years.
fry Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday) at 1 o'clock, from the mortuary
Chanel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
nany 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-firm.
thence to Hamilton-square Baptist Church,
Post street near Stelner. where services will
be held at 1:30 o'clock. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
Hi NRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
SO Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. ; ,
O'NEILL— In Manila, August 10. 1W». Edward
A. O'Neill, late of Company H.. First Cali-
fornia Volunteers, a native of Nevada City,
aged 20 years and 27 days.
BORROMEAX Council No. 129. Y. M. I.— Mem-
ber* are hereby notified to assemble at the
undertaking parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co..
767 Mission street, to-morrow (Monday), at
?:S0 o'clock, to attend the funeral of our late
brother, Edward A. O'Neill. Requiem mass
at St. Patrick's Church. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. E. J. COFFEY. Pres.
REES— In this city, September 4, 1599, Mary
Josephine, beloved daughter of Mark and
Nellie Rees. and granddaughter of Henry and
the lnte Margaret Cornfoot. a native of San
Francisco, aged 2 years 6 months and 18 days.
CTFriendß and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10:3' i o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 1023 Montgomery street, between
Broadway and Vallejo street. Interment Holy
I ■? Cemetery.
REILLY— In this city, September 7, 1899. Pat-
rick, beloved husband of the late Catherine
Reilly, and father of Joseph F., Klttie J. and
the late Mary Ann Reilly, a native of County
Cavan, Ireland, ageil 70 years.
|£7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
f3'-nce. i 827 Fifteenth street, thence to Mission
res Church, where a solemn requiem
IMS will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
i RICHTER— At Camp Dewey, P. 1., August 4,
1S?8 Captain Relnh"ld Rlchter of Company I.
First Regiment California. U. S. V. Infantry.
>.;, v<>il husband <>f Louise Richter, and father
Of Emma, Reinhold, Louise and Marguerite
Rlchter, a native of Austria, aged 42 years.
C^TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeraJ to-morrow
'Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street. Inter-
ment National Ctwnetery, Prealdlo.
SCHUTTLKK -In Fitchburg, Alameda County, i
I Cal., September 8, 18»9. John W. Schuttler, .|
I beloved father of Mrs. Simon Petersen. Mrs.
H P. Bruun and Mrs. Frederlcka Dreyer,
a native of SchleFwig-Holsteln, Germany,
aged 69 years 3 months and 16 days.
inrFrlendfi and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Theo. Dlerks, 957 Mission street. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
SMITH— In thle city, September 8, 1899, Eben-
ezer C beloved husband of Isabella Smith,
! a native of Ulster County, New York, aged 65
yf-ars.
a and acquaintances are respoct-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late re»i-
-2114 Powell street. Interment Masonic
| Cemetery.
TRUSSEAU— In this city. September 6, 1599, P.
C., beloved husband of the late Catherine
Trusseau. a native of Bordeaux, France, ;
aged 6>> years.
(T7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fuliy invited to attend the funeral this day .
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mission street, i
thence to Notre Dame dcs Vietoires Church
for services at 1:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
I WAGNER— In this city, September S, 1899, Au-
gustus H., beloved husband of Rose Wagner,
a native of Russia, aged 44 yeurs and 11 I
months. i
t?"Frlend9 und acquaintance* are refpect-
[ fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of California Lodge No. l,
F. and A. M. Interment Laurel Hill Cpme-
tery. Remains at residence, northeast corner
Nineteenth and Nee streets.
WALLACE— In Oakland, September 9, 1S»,
Elisabeth C. beloved wife of Richard Wai- !
lace, and mother of May E. and J. 11. Wal-
lace, aced 40 years and 3 months.
ETFriends an.l acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
lay), at 2 o'clock, from her late resl-
dence, 946 Wood street, thence to St. Patrick's
church for services. Interment St. Marj'sj
Cemetery. Oakland.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
T A Graham, San Jose i Mrs M A Hildreth &
C I'- Head, Minn ; eh, Fargo, N D
A Friant, Son Jose IS G McCurdy, Cal
W I> Brotherton & wf Mrs E E Carpenter.SD
T Alderson, Cal P D Smith, Cal
M L Gallagher, Idaho H Bennett & wf, Sacto
rapt C Cressy, Minn C E Kngleliart. Cal
H J Mowrey, So Dak H C Som*rvllle, Chgo
M Lane. I'al Frank Riardan. Cal
T Park & wf. Oak M E Gladlom Ohio
G W Humphrey, Colo M A Rouse, Minn
T X Henderson, L Ang J Rendan. Cal
.T C Fox, So Dak R X Beardsle, Stckton
i i F Smith, So Dak ] W Taylur & wf/'hgo
E A Morrison. Stanfrd C T Pi-ter-d^rff, Cal
T G Herrin. Cal T B Dougherty, Cal
E Smith. Idaho C R Hea.i. Cal
W R Jones. Sacto C H Hassell, Mo
B T Smith. Sacto IS B Doolet, .Ni'intreal
W H Pair, Chicago H T Shaw. Montreal
T Hopper & wf, SRosa Mark Myers, Sydney
Mlph L Maddoz, BBosa Toe Parmater, Chicago
V\ - \T Ercarbrack, Cal C N Callender, Chgo
W Ak-^-llbery. Cal 3 X Hogaman.' StPaul
W Dwlfht. Cal I C Baker. Seattle
R Gude, Davilville !H E Smith, Chicago
A M McDonald. Cal Miss I, Hart. Seattle
J H Ehy * wf, Tucson A D Thomson, N V
t. B I'ui-ry. Cal W W Patterson, Cal
B F BtOll, Sacto W E Hampton. Los A
W A Stephenson. Sac Mrs E C Stephens. Cal
W F Palmer, Oakland "has Grady, San (juen
E M Freeman, Oak i Mrs Grady, San Quen
P M Anderson, Cal 'Tohn A Garver. SQuen
.; V Trenwith, t.'al W P Hair, CblcagO
\V H Barteary, N V John Thanem, I'ortlnd
M F li. aland. Wash H A Fliekings. S Jose
C E Glafke & wf, ("al B A Town, Sacto
Mrs L C Roblson, Mo J Livingston. Portland
C Perelra. Cal Mrs Livingston, Or
A H Joy, Sacto J Bfllan. St Johns
Jos Perrault, Boise W Knight. Cal
L H Stanley, Mexico Geo I'annian. Cal
W Wrisht, Alaska F M Swagey & wf.r'al
E M Rusk, Alaska H Staler. Santa Rosa
T H Selvage. Eureka Miss W E Pond. Chgo
Mrs O A Wilson, LosA W H Henderson &. wf,
Mrs Florence Dyere, Stockton
DyervlUe W A Mayer
PALACE HOTEL.
0 Carpenter, S D H M liryan, V S N
Mrs *J W Carpenter. SD Vera Afhton. Victoria
J F P<nrrs, Stockton 'M M -re Seattle
B Dowlfag, Btockton 5 Grager, Los Ang
X W Ellis, Stanford Itrs O Grager, Los A
5 Johnson Mi:m I Merriman, Lob Ang
A Barry, 5a Urs C A Shen-lck,Clnn
a C Johnson 9 D ■'• b Haas, Los Ang
ii A Cohen N V - r 3 Trueworthy, L A
\\ W Btewart S D 'vlrs Dr Trueworthy&s,
J R .le Ln.mar, Paris Los Angeles
C H Bourke, S D 15 R Bush. Pa
W R Roberts, Minn Ivltb S R Bush, Pa
C S Huse, Chicago F B Ttush. Pa
C A Sherrick, ''Inn T A Frincal. N Mcx
L A Cornell, N V I Crumpacker, N Mcx
Mrs Cornell, N V Vlrs J Crumparker.NM
J R Hut,h«-11, N Mcx P H Mulr, Mich
W Brill, St Paul 6 Banborn, St Paul
W Swain, Marysville ' M Greaves, Sjpokane
D M Rldeout. Marysvl lß C Roberts, Spokane
Mrs E H Chreas, L A U II Stanley, Mexico
Mis? H C chreas, L A •* N Godfrey. Baker Cy
v s Houston, U S N rl C McClure, S D
F C Hart. U S N jl S Smith. S D
L R Sargent. V S N 2 Downing. Armona
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J J Tenney, Pa |J C Smith. Indiana
F M Hungerford, Cal p Devlne, Portland
E Smith, Idaho H Wagner, Orland
; C I^aurlson, Marlpnsa > A MrPhei-pon. Oakdale
1 !• Lamorile, Marlpoaa T Bquire, Mi'-h
t; McKean San Jose B W Kurie, Mich
Mies McKean, Sn Jose I Stnhelln. Mich
j H Banders. Portland E Franklin, Mich
1 T Chandler, Fresno IE R Martin, Mo
Q Small Stockton A W Fellows, Mich
W M Hoover. Stockton P F Coffey, Chicago
,T Prltrhard. Stockton ") I>ln'l!»y. Indiana
H F Fstelle. Mich A Campbell. Fresno
B W Jon^s. Stockton V L!nfl"rman, Sn Jos«
LJ H Roberts, Bakersfid tV J Burns. Pan .Tnse
I Dnlton. Los Ang J F Wetherbee, Seattle
P Craltt, Chicago 3 Stic, Seattle
C Kennedy NY W Stuart, Alaska
J P Anderson, NY C McKtnny, Skaguay
J J Kennedy. Conn F Janes, Los Ang
| E L Henry. Indiana
POLO CLUB RACES.
Considerable Excitement Over a Four-
Horse Wag-on Event.
SANTA MONICA, Sept. 9.— The second
day of the Southern California Polo Club's
races, in spite of cloudy weather, showed
increased attendance. The betting ran
high and much money changed hands, al
though the winners were favorites in
every race of the day. Results:
Quarter mile and repeat, for ponies,
Ocean Park stakes— Viola, owner R. M.
Schwarz, won both heats. Time, first :24,
second :23 3-5.
Surf stake, six furlongs, for horses —
Hacienda, owner G. L. Waring, won, Flib
bertygibbet, owner P. Webber, second;
Petrarch, owner G. L. Waring, third.
Time, 1:18 1-5.
Saddle horses, one mile — M F, owner A.
M. Wiggins won; Sweetheart second, Val
entine third. Time, 1:52.
Consolation stakes, seven furlongs—Flib
bertygibbet won, Miss Daly second. Time,
1 "33 2-5.
Wagon race, four horses, for a mile — T.
Sansford's team won.
Equals World's Record.
BROCKTON. Mass., Sept. 9.— During j
the bicycle races at the new track fbia !
afternoon John Dubois, in a live-mile un- j
paced pursuit race, rode in world's rec- j
ord time, defeating Claud Hamilton of j
Loweil In four and one-fourth miles, i
Time, 11 ' IS. Dubois continued for a five- I
mile record, lowering the mark of 12:12,
made by H. Clark at Denver, by five sec
onds.
Lucas Mine Sold.
SAN ANDREAS, Sept. 9.-The Lucas I
mine, owned by Congressman Marion de !
Vries, Colonel S. H. Lucas of Mokelumne i
Hill. Sydney Smith of New York and
George Gates of Amador, has been sold
to Posey & Co., rich and experienced Col
orado mining men, for $20,000 cash. The
mine is located at Big Bar, on Mokelumne
River, near Mokelumne Hill, and is con
sidered very promising. The new owners
will Invest large sums of money in de
veloping the property.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1899.
ODD REMINDER OF THE
FIRST ADMISSION DAY
■ ©* -; • • >
Emission of 'California into tl)e Union.
£TPi« fio««\ of em~4*S *^S*£-Zj~x>*^. • m c©«n|uin«j. i> V«^iie>t«^ at a IBA&tL,
to f>e f-it tfvc miUit'\s if "an i'f'tancuxio, on. TUESDAY EVENIN-C. lfv« 29tf» .n.^a»ii. ■'«
( (Fe.W'V»:«oi. ii ifu $i r 3.ui>M»>v. ( ifafifo'Lnia i»ilf> lfv»
84* ►..-.r,,c« On, »1 1840 <,
fifAHA©BIES. .
Hon. John W. UEAIJY
Ckw JOHN WILSON
1)01 TON \ J BOW IV.
C V.OILLKSPI r Fj.^
H AH<»KNTI v »<»
TAKES A. VcDOL'OAL t"t
W.D. M. HOWARD k-.<o
rIIAKK TURK. X. H
INVITATION TO A BALL FIFTY YEARS AGO.
S3 i^"\UIETLY In her modest little room at 606 Folsom street, Mrs. A. 8. Tobln celebrated Admission day yesterday, 8o
j; I living- over again the joys of the past and especially reveling in the remembrance of the ball In honor of the first jj
m M Admission day, at which she was one of the half-dozen ladies present. It is so long ago that Mrs. Tobin does gg
*° not recall the hall at which the ball took place, nor the names of the other ladies who shared with her the '
S* pleasures of that historical event. "I can only remember that there were a great number of men present," the lady *"
83 said yesterday, "and that each lady had at least three partners for each dance. On the floor committee, see," she 8?
JJ continued with a sigh, "are the names of those who made this State's history. All famous men and now all passed §5
of away." gj
Mrs. Tobin arrived in San Francisco on the 2d of September, ISSO, and has ever since continuously made her home „.
• S in this city.
SOME SPEEDY
SAPLINGS IN
PRODUCE STAKE
Recording Angel Develops Won
derful Fleetness and Is Now
Played for Second Choice.
A big crowd went out to Union Cours
ing Park yesterday to witness the llrst
round for the rich Produce stake, in
which fifty-eight young longrtails were
entered, and also the first round In the
open stake, with its sixty-four entries.
The number of spectators established a
new Saturday record for attendance at
the coursing park, a condition due chiefly
to the interest excited in the Produce
stake. A pretty stiff wind was blowing
across the grounds, having a tendency to
make the courses somewhat short, but
the sport was of an exceptionally high
standard, and the splendid work of the
dogs created unbounded enthusiasm.
J. H. Perigo's Bohe, the stake favorite,
was in line form, and disposed of Lucre
tla Borgia in masterly style. He is liable
to have his work cut out for him to-mor
row, however, as there are several unu
sually "good ones" after first money. The
figures on the long odds book are: Bohe
1 to 1, Recording Angel 4 to 1, Whitehead
5 to 1. Daisy Clalr 6 to 1, Master Clair 6
to 1, and the rest ranging from 10 to 40
to 1.
Recording Angel is possessed of won
derful speed, and her performance yes
terday, when she easily disposed of Con
troller, caused her owner, J. H. Rosslter,
to do a cakewalk in front of the grand
stand so great was his delight. Con
troller is a full brother to Bohe, twice as
old as Recording Angel, and is regarded
as a dangerous competitor for the best
of them, but Recording Angel led him to
the hare by six lengths and beat him out
in a manner that seemed to clearly estab
lish her superiority. She opened at 20 to
1 but was played down to 4 to 1. Her
lack of age and experience may tell
against her to-day, but she has the speed
and should prove a crackajack in time,
whatever position she captures in the
stake now being contested.
As a general thing the favorites won
yesterday; few short-enders got the Hag.
in the Produce stake Royal Ann beat
Aeneas at 5 to 2; Torment beat Tallac at
6 to 3; Athena beat Flying Fox at 3 to 1:
Master Workman beat May Hemstead
at 5 to 3; Random Aim beat Rough Rider
at 2 to 1; Maggie N beat Rosie Clair at
5 to 1 and Minnieola beat O'Hara at 2 to 1.
In the open stake Merry Maiden beat
Lowlander at 5 to 8; Mose beat Rollicking
Airs at 5 to 1, and Pet Kirby beat Lottie
M at 3 to 1. Following are the scores:
California Produce Stake, first round— R. E.
del Lopez's Whitehead beat E. Adams' Her
Grace- A Johnson's Bald Eagle beat F. Pas
«oi?a Perseus; J. H. Perigo's Lady Davenport
beat J J Edmond's Whisky Hill; J. H. ltos-
Beter's Recording Angel beat . . H. Per go's
i\ ntroiier- R E de B. Lopez 9 (names) N. P.
Whltlng ? s'sV: Anthony beat P. J. Reilly's Still
True- D. Ersklnc's Lavender beat E. M Kel
logg's Sweet Emma; Curtis & Son's Cash beat
X Baumeister's Warrior; J. H. Rosseter s
Risky Attempt a bye; J. H. Rosseter s Royal
Ann beat it. K. Malcolms Aeneas; Russell.
Allen & Wilson's Daisy Clair beat R. K. Mal
colm's Agamemnon: P. McCabe'S Sky Blue beat
Russell Allen & Wilson's Wild Swede; R. L.
Taylor's (names) Torment beat H. Germain s
Tallac- R K. Malcolm's Athena beat Curtis &
Son's Flying Fox; Curtis & Son's Beacon beat
G M. Abercrombie's Rock Island King; C C.
Grlswold's Master Workman beat J. M. Hal
ton's May in. stead; D. J. Healey's Lady Clare
beat Dally & Sebein's Gypsy; J. H. Rosseter
Random Aim beat Asa K. Ne well's (names)
T Hall's Rough Rider; Russell, Allen & Vv 11
--son's Master Clair beat H. Lynch" s Lexington;
Curtis & Son's Narcissus beat G. M. Aber
crombie's Miss Richmond; D. J. Healey's Mag
gie N beat Russoll. Allen & Wilson's Roaie
Clair ■ Russell, Allen & Wilson's Belle Clair
beat E. M. Kellogg' s lowa Maid; T. Bane's
Wait a Bit beat J. H. Rosseter' s Rapid Addi
tion; P. McCabe's Craig Boy beat J. H. Har
rison's Hot Haste: D. J. Healey's Amarosa
beat R. Strehl's Three Cheers; Curtis & Son's
Vulcan beat F. Passon's Idler; R. E. de B.
Lopez's Wanda beat H. W. Rike's Nancy R; R.
E de B Lopez's (names) N. P. Whiting's Mln
neola beat I"). J. Healey's O'Hara; J. H. Perigo's
Bohe beat Hurley & Riley"s Lucretia Borgia;
R. Prlngle's Honor Bright beat J. H. Rosseter's
Round About. •
Open slake— F. Passon's (names) Merry
Maiden beat A. Johnson's Lowlander; G. J.
Panario's Old Glory, a bye; P. J. Mclnerny's
Tommy Rex beat W. Letcher's (names) Bryan;
George Shannon's (names) Walt a Little beat
M. Ryan's (names) Blue Rock; H. P. Ander
son's Crawford Lad beat P. J. Mclnerney's
Reglna; Handy & Smith's Jennie Wilson beat
W. Letcher's (names) Sandow; H. F. Ander
son's Crawford Braes beat R. L. Taylor's
(names) Bounding Belle; J. Connell's Log Boy
beat F. A. McComb's Flush; J. P. Thrift's
Forget beat H. A. Deckelman's Glen Chloe;
P. J. Rrllly's Ploughboy beat Gun Abercrom
bie's Rock Island Boy; T. J. Harrington's
(names) Beau Peep beat Gus Abercrombie's
Irma; F. A. McComb's Little Joker beat J.
Dennis' (names) The Devil; Pasha Kennels'
Kmin Pasha beat Handy <& Smith's Ida; James
•Sheridan's Forest Queen beat W. Letcher's
(names) Bull Hill; Ernest Adams' St. Gertrude
beat I. F. Halton's Tic-Tac; Gaa Abercrom
bl»'s "Victor King beat Ernest Adams' Traveler ;
Pasha Kennels' Metallic beat T. Hall's Non
pareil; R. L. Taylor' n (names) Mose beat
Pasha Kennels' Rollicking Air; J. Dennis'
(names) October Woodcock beat R. L. Taylor's
(names) Wild Lassie; John Kerrigan's Con
queror beat J. Seggerson's Gold Hill; Lowe A
Thompson's Prince Ha! beat T. Kelly's (names)
Wlldwood; J. O'Shea's Young America beat J.
J. Edmonds' Morning Glory; F. A. McComb's
Bonnie Scotland beat Hurley & Riley's Star of
Cuba; Handy & Smith's Magic beat Aeneld
Kennels' Maid of Erin; H. A. Deckelman's
Pet Kirby beat. H. Lynch' s Lottie M; JP. J.
Reilly's Warship beat Aeneld Kennels' Pre
tender; J. P. Thrift's Brutus beat Hurley &
Riley's O X Capitol; J. Connell's Senorlta
beat E. & R. Scott's Lord Byron; Handy &
Smith's Petronius beat J. Seggerson's Cande
laria; A. Johnson's Mountain Beauty beat
James Sheridan's Forest King: R. E. de B.
Lopez's (names) Rochester beat A. Johnson's
Tod Sloan; Ed Evatt's Hurricane beat W.
Letcher's (names) What-er-Lou.
AT INGLESIDE.
Lively Hares Give the "Hounds
Some Long Runs.
The many spectators at the Ingleslde
Ho* D. <:. BRODKKIfKA
Ho-. IS WKTHF.RKD
Ho-. F.«". BKNNKTT.
Ho-.. I- KV PARSONS.
UH.MOR UKHKDJTH. K-£
H.SI'AHKS. K».«.'
C. T. BOTTS. V**.
I).T lU<»LKY.'K««I~i
WM BUHLINfj, Ew».
M l"l. Mi *LLISTKR,»^
UCNJ 1.. Itv.KKV Cw|
OH El }(>H> VALE £«„
WM H \IT K»4.
IV <•> v O(»l) J . n
LCCICN ii-j»MAvy r«,. >,
» H WITOI. K.. # .
Coursing Park were treated to a good
day's sport yesterday. Two stakes were
run— the Non-winner's stake of ninety-six
dogs and the Champion stake of sixteen
dogs. The hares were an exceptionally
lively lot and in most of the courses gave
the hounds long runs.
The betting was very spirited through
out the day, and although the favorites
won In most courses still some good long
shots upset the talent, the best being the
win of Moran & O' Neil's Irene H from
Mialmo. as good as 7 to L In his run
against Richmond Maid, J. Kane's Crusoe
got cold feet after a few yards' run and
ijuit. The finals in both events will be
run to-day. The day's results follow:
Champion stake— James Deane's Connemara
beat T. J. McHugh's Moss Rose; H^ A. Deck
pdman'B Lawrence beat D. Shannon' a t>ou
brette; Handy & Smith's Twin City Girl beat
T. Melnerny's Johnnie It; T. J. Cronin's Wild
Trale<» beat Curtis & Sons Cavalier; Curtis &.
Son's Luxor bc-ai 11. A. Deckelman's Flyaway;
Kus-.sell, Allen & Wilson's I-ady HerechW beat
Lowe & Thompson's Jessamy; T. J. Cronin's
Thornhill beat T. Mclnerny s Norah; E. U.
Kell.-KK's Kid McCoy beat Kay & Trant's
Hawker.
Nun-winners' stake — J. Jones' Moonlight beat
Kelly it Hanley's Baby King; J. O'Dowd s
ver beat James liyrnes Nellie B; Kay
ft Trams Eclipse beat W. Aiken's Melba; J.
Mooneys Silent Treasure beat Shepper &
Powers' Matchless; J. Farley's Cash Day beat
A. Weber' h Montana; J. ii. Rounlng's Kt-rry
Gow beat R. Attridge's Masterpiece; J. Brad
shaw's Hazpl Dell be;it Key & Trant's Leo
nora; J. Byrnes' Olympus beat A. Van den
Burgh's American Eagle beat Locker & Lyons
beat Moran & Obeli's Nellie H; A. Van den
Burgs' American Eagle bent Locker & L y° n9 '
Dick L; T. Logan's Miss Grizzle beat T. J.
Cronin's Arab; J. C. Flynn's Hicks beat Kay &.
Trantß Carlotta; D. Shannon's Safeguard beat
I>. ("ronln's Swlnnertnn; F. Brown's Sweet
Briar b-at M. Mlchalek's Scot Free; T. Fan
nlnp's Babe Murphy beat James Dlckson's
Black Bpfs; Handy "& Smith's Lady Hugo beat
T. Mom-e's Decency; D. Ford's Anita beat A.
Ohmeyer*e Lady Napoleon; George Burfelnd's
Pfaßtime boat T. Mannlx's Water Witch; T. J.
MeHugh'B Maid of the Mill beat E. M. Kel
logg's Hummer; Locker & Lyons" Molock beat
F. Murphy's Gilt Edge; J. I. O'Brien's States
man beat M. B. Kavanujfh's Hard Lines; E.
M Kellogge Lady Ollmore beat G. H. Liihu
sen's Fireball; Handy & Smith's Victor beat
H. Pinkh&m's Newsboy; A. Ohmeyer's Lord
Scattercaab heat J. Bradbury's Sardonic; A.
s Hadiwist beat Con Grau's Ji^hn D;
3 K"»-nan's Royal liuck beat James McCor
mack's Primrose; P. M. ClarkEon's I'.laclc
Hawk beat J. Kennedy's Ever Shore; Perry
Kerwin'fl l>;i.ly Garnett beat J. Kennedy's Wine
West; M. 'ilynn's Richmond Maid beat J.
Kane's Crusoe; W". C, CKiasson's Border Valen
tine beat T. J, Cronin's Rose of Tralee; J.
Byrnes' Eleven Spot beat T. J. McHugh'B Em-
W, H. Jones' Prince Jerome b<>iv* E.
Baumelster's Winning Ways; I»vre & Thomp-
B q's J'l m McDonald beat J. Kennedy's Night
Time; Handy & Smith's Free and Easy beat
D. !" r • : Juanlta; Corkery &• Hore's Douglas
beat B. Hansen's O\ir Climate; d. Ford's Bn
nita beat Curtis & Bon'fl McKinley; Mun'hy >fe
Tnland's Tea Ri ■ beat Lawler & Watson's
Richmond Lead; loran & O' Nell's Irene H
beat .T. Dean's .Mialmo; W. H. Jones' Lady
Marlon bent Kay >t Trant's Lady Ethel; P.
Reilly's Expense beat P. Heran's Lndy Wash
ington; M. Mlchalek's Glenroy beat S. Han
sen's li. S. Conley; Curtis & Son's Commodore
beat John Kennedy's Lily Wheeler; M. P.. Kav
nnnßh's Swedish beat H. Lynch's Loiterer; J.
Quane'H Marietta beat A. A. Duncan's Royal
Chief; A. Ohmeyer's Occidental beat F. Perry's
Jennie Deane; H. A. Deckelman's Prince
George bent C. Peach's Lady Peach; XV. C.
Glasson's Terronite beat Murphy & Tolands
Ornament.
GUNMEN SMASH
BLUEROCKS AT
ALAMEDA POINT
The brilliant shooting of Clarence C.
Nauman under circumstances that can
not be considered more than ordinarily
favorable was the feature of the Empire
Gun Club holiday match held at Alameda
Point yesterday. During the forenoon
Nauman broke ninety-nine bluerocks out
of 100 thrown from the trap. From early
morning until sunset bluerocks were
smashed by the contesting gunners. Four
(■-vents out of five on the programme were
shot off, and to-day four have >een ar
ranged for the pleasure of the contest
ant?.
The first event was one of fifteen birds;
entrance 75 cents; class shooting; three
moneys. Nauman and B. Sehultz tied
with a clean score in this event and di
vided first money. Rohwer, Webb. Ross
and Olsen divided second money and W.
Murdock and Fred Feudner gathered in
the third division. The entries and "birds
killed" by each contestant in the first
event follow: Paul Bancroft, 12; R. Ros
enberg, 10; Tom Donnelly, 10; J. L. Hazen,
7; M. McDonnell, 10; E. Olsen. 14; D. M.
Baker, 12, 11. Justins, 11; J. Burns, 9; J H.
Durst, 11; John Taylor, 7; "Chestnut," 10;
V. La Motte, y; C. S. Rohwer. 14;
C. C. Paul, 9; C. W. Debenham. 12; W.
MurdDck, 13; O. Feudner, 10; Clarence C.
Nauman. 15; A. J. Webb, 14; E. Schultz,
15; J. Ross. 14; F. Feudner. 13.
In the second event Nauman again got
within the first money, but Webb tied
him without a miss and they divided the
prize, high guns taking the purse. Fol
lowing is the score: O. Feudner 13, Nau
man 15, "Webb 15, Schultz 14, RO6s 10, F.
Feudner 14, "Chestnut" 12, Murdock 10,
Baker 13, V. La Motte 10, Bancroft 13.
The third event was for twenty birds,
Magautrap entrance $1; $5 added; class
shooting, three moneys. Nauman was
crowded out of first money in this event,
Price, Debenham and Jones dividing the
purse. Feudner, Nauman, Webb, Justins
and "Chestnut" came in for a division of
the second money and I^a Motte, Donnelly.
Murdock and McDonald took a fourth
each of fourth money. The score of this
event follows: O. Feudner 17, Nauman 17,
Webb 17, Schultz 15, Ross 12, F. Feudner
15. V. La Motte IG, M. McDonnell 16, Ban
croft 15. Baker 12, "Chestnut" 17, Rohwer
15, Rosenberg 13. Mitchell 13, Paul 10, Olsen
15, Justins 17, Donnelly 16, Murdock 16,
Bruns 15, Durst 15, Tavlor 7, Shaw IS, Deb
enham 18. Alden 11, Foster 13, Andrus 12,
Price 18.
The fourth event occupied the interest
of all the gunners present, as it was the
only prize match on the programme.
Prizes of various values were put up by
the club and local business houses. The
gunners were divided into thirteen classes
and the game for the prizes commenced.
They stood six In a row facing the traps
and for two hours shells exploded with
the even cadence of a machine gun.
The score on the first round of twenty
birds from which the gnnners were
classified follows: V. La Motte 17, Hine
10, Walker 13, Pell 13, H. D. Swales 12,
Cot i f) ST» VTNSOIt
Cou. J I .NAYS.
<T«f-» J.I. KOLXOVL
C»tt K.l>. KKYF-X. . .
en j K.'WAI.VVVHtOin
/OHN \'II>I>I.KTON:k*«.
JOHN MUCtNT. X,».
Hazen 7, O. Feudner 18, Nauman 19, Webb
IS, Schultz 17. Ross 17, F. Feudner 18, Ban
croft 16, Haver \2, William Ireland 11,
Rlcklefson 17, Durst Vj, F. W. Peters 11,
Baker 14, McDonnell 13, Lewis 8, Olsen
14, Justins 15, Dr. Gere 10, Donnelly 11. Dr.
Alden 9, Rohwer 17, Justin Paul 9, Deben
hnm 16, Krug 9, Golcher 15, Price 16, Fos
ter 18, Andrus 15, Bruns 17, Murdock 15, C.
E. Engelhart 17, Taylor !», Tallerson 15,
Mitchell 11. Hyde 14, Haight 17, Green 4,
L. Vosburg-h 16, Peltier 10, Dr. Parent 13,
L. Javet 13, Dr. Cornwall 4. Anderson 15.
After the classification the ties were
shot off and the prizes awarded. Nau
man and Durst divided the first prize of
the fir.it class, J2O. The positions occupied
by the other gunners, the prizes In each
class being awarded according to posi
tion, follow. Secobd class— Webb, first;
F. Feudner, second; Foster, third. Third
class — Ross, first; Rohwer, second;
Schultz, third. Fourth class— Bancroft,
first; Price, second; Debenham, third.
Fifth class— Murdock. first; Anderson,
second; Vosburg, third; Golcher, fourth.
.Sixth class— Baker, first; Olson, second;
Dr. Hyde, third: McDonnell, fourth. Sev
enth class— Walker, first; Dr. Parent, sec
ond; Javete, third. Eighth class— Haver,
first: Swales, second. Nir.'h class—lre
land, first; Peters, second; Mitchell, third;
Donnelly, fourth. Tenth class— Huie, nrsr;
Dr. Gere, second; Peltier, third. Elev
enth class — Dr. Alden, first; King-, second;
Paul, third; Taylor, fourth. Twelfth
class — Lewis, first. Thirteenth class —
Hazen* first.
The day was an ideal one for a shoot,
but owing to the length of the contest
the gunners became tired. Notwithstand
ing: this, the average made by the Bports
men was good, but all, with the usual
excuses for yesterday's performance,
promise to lay all past efforts In the
shade.
SOLDIERS TO PLAY BALL.
The First California^, full of the mar
tial ardor they developed In the Philip
pines and anxious to show their powers
In other fields, will oppose the Oakland
Heesemans in a game of ball at the Pre
sidio athletic grounds on Sunday, Septem
ber 17. A hot contest is expected, as the
soldiers have several crack hall players
in their team, while the Heesemans are
rioted as a splendid combination. Follow
ing are the teams:
Regimentals— Hob Eager, catcher; Gar
rison, pitcher; Prnll, first base; Valento,
second base; Fiske, third base; Wall,
shortstop; Nickolson, left field; Zann, cen
ter field; Ritter, right Hold; Westrand and
Bheeban, substitutes.
Heesemans— Thomas. pitcher; Shea,
catcher; Today, first base: Kane, second
base; Lutgen, third base; Bolk. left field;
Cline, center field; l>hner. right field.
Builders' Contracts.
Albert 'Whit* (owner) with Val Franz (con
tractor), architects Copeland & Pierce — All
v- ! 1< f,>r alterations and additions to a 2-story
frame building on lot on NE corner of Western
Addition block MO 'S\V corner of Lombard and
Baker streets); J3HS.
S. C. Bvmon Inwn-r) with L. G. Ber^ren (con
tractor and architect— Carpenter work, plastfr
ln£, brick and electric work for a 8-Story frame
building (flats) on lot on E lino of Mississippi
Street, 25 S of Eichteenth (Solano). E 100 by
S X: $1455.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
SAILRD.
Saturday, September 9.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Gielow, southern coast.
DOMESTIC PORT.
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept &— Br ship Alice A
LfMgh. from Yokohama.
Sailed Sept 9- Stmr F'ropreso, for San Fran
cisco; stmr KimnoK-p. for Pt Michael.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
'»». Steamers leave Broadway
' rWJTjn wharf. San Francisco.
i t- ; c-:^*?'^ For Alaskan, ports. 10 a. m..
■ |^>fWW I 8&k September S. S. IS. 18. 23. 2S.
' KS\ P.^.r-* IF?\ "October 3. chanpe at Seattle.
' IMSyt^ \"?V-J For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
! jMWfj.J>r^**?t« C). Port Townsend, Seattle.
; f^ k *ts£fi'f/ji\ Taeoma. Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.),
10 a. m. September 3, S. 13, 18,
2S. 2S, October 3. and every fifth day thereafter:
chance at SeattK to this company's steamers
for Alaska and O. N. Ry. : at Taeoma to N.
P. Ry. ■ Nt Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
1-or Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. Sep-
tember 1, 6. 11, 16. 21, 26. October 1, and every
firth day therea er.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey San Simeon.
rayiicoH, Port Harford (Pan Luis OhlsnrO.
Oavlnta. Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme.
San Pedro. East San P°dro (Los AncH<>?> and
Newport. 9 a. m.. September 1. 5, 9. 13. 17. 21.
25.- 2?, October 3, and every fourth day there-
after.
For Pan Pl#ko, stopping only nt Port Har-
ford (Pan Luis ObfsnoV SRit-> Barbara, Port
Los Anppl<>(< and Redondo (I,©* Angeles), 11 a.
m.. September S. 7. 11, 18. 19. 23. 27. October 1.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Ma^dalena Bay, Pan Jose del
Cabo, Mazntlan, Altata, La Pas, Santa Rosalia
rind Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folfl«r.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamer?, rutting dates
arri r^ur« of !.fH!!r,(r.
aT TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Paloce Hotel).
GOODALL. PRTtKTNS * CO.. «*n. Ants..
10 Mark-t St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N, CO.
DI6PATCH FAST 6TEJUMKRB TO
•POBTL J^lsT ID
From Spestr-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
FADE $12 First Class Including Bert*
VMiL $8 Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA Tails
..Sept.  15. 25; Oct. 5. 15. 25
COLUMBIA sails. .Sept. 111. TO. 30; Oct. 10, 20. 30
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
'>/>.:..-■. E. C. WARD, General Agent,
, £30 Market st
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
©S&ftjtf&fMfl The at s 2 Australia
"A"* f °r Honolulu
ITS * Wednesday, Septem-
O ;/•-.": ber 20. at 2 p. m.
QtiTJL'SX B. 8. Maripnsa sails
nMftMSn D<J vla Honolulu and
CyiWMUIIIV Auckland for Sydney
(o!DF)(lR^ Wednesday, October
r- T..'>C- 4 at xo p. tn.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa, New Zealand, 'Australia, India, Suez,
England, etc. : $610 first class.
I. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts., 114 Montgomer)
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Cfflce, 327 Market St
ADVERTISEMENTS.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
British = America
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF TORONTO. CANADA. ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1898. and for the
I year ending on that day as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia pursuant to the provisions of Sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages $10,000 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by C0mpany.......... 338,0.2 75
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral
Cash In Company's office
Cash in Banks •• •• «- 188 60
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans •.••••. »•"* "
i Interest due and accrued on Bonds
! and Mortgages '^"AlnlV
! Premiums in due course of Collec-
.. ZOS.WHI 1*
i Bills" receivable! "not' Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 8 388 **
Total Asset-.... ' ..11.271.481 11
■
LIABILITIES.
! Losses adjusted and unpaid $60,602 05
I Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense Of , OoS w" '
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 9,880 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $035,753 34; re-
Insurance 50 per cent 817,875 57
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $425,35S 65:
reinsurance pro rata 228,098 <Z
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks, $30,459 07;
reinsurance 100 per cent 80,459 07
Gross premiums on ' Marine Time
Risks, $5,765 77; reinsurance 50 per
cent - 2,882 89
All other demands against the Com-
pany 60,754 04
Total Liabilities $768.451 13 j
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums .., $858,633 71
Net Cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums 161, 605 67
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages
Received for interest on Bonds,
Stocks, Loans and from all other
sources 42,776 04
Total Income ..$1.063,065 32
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $ losses of pre-
vious years) $543,078
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(Including $ losses of pre-
vious years) 117,717 90
Dividends to Stockholders
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 198,838 23
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges lor officer?, clerks, etc 49,032 42
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 81.890 87
All other payments and expendi-
tures •*. 76,007 90
Total Expenditures $1,017,625 99
Losses Incurred during the year $676,875 56
Risks and Premiums. ( Fire Risks, j Premiums, j
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $108,120,761 $1,128,965 69
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 94.627.756 1.187.918 70 |
Net amount In force!
December 31, 1898 ; 106,710,300 1,061,14189!
" Mar. Risks. i Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $23,268,603 $208,177 71 [
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 23,503,602 213,835 21
Net amount In force
December 31. IS9B 1.876.154 36,224 84
J. J. KENNY, Vice President.
P. H. SIMS. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to befor* me this 24th
day of January. 1599. H. D. GAMBLE.
Notary Public.
DAVIS & WATSON,
GENERAL AGENTS,
322 PSNE STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m. \
St. Louis Sept. 201 St. Louis Oct. 11
Rt. Paul Sept. 27 St. Paul Oct. IS
New York Oct. 4 New York Oct. 25 ■
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwsrn.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
■, Kensington Sept. 20! South Oct. 11
i Nordland Sept 27 Westernland Oct. 18 i
i Friesland Oct. 4 Kensington Oct. 25 I
EMPIRE LINE.
Septic St. Michael; Dawson Cltv.
For full information regarding freight and I
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY, |
SO Montgomery st.. or any of Its agencies. ,
TOYO KISEN KAISIIA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR- !
ncr First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m., for I
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at '>
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and ;
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for !
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of saillnc.
NIPPON MART 7 Tuesday. September 12
AMERICA MAP.U Friday, October 6 I
HONGKONG MARU Wednesday, Nov. 1
Round-trip ticket? at reduced rates. For
I freiph! and passage apply at company's office
; 421 Market St.. cor. First.
I W. H. AVERT, General A^ent.
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLANTIC^
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.  - '
I Sailing Every Saturday at 10 a. m '^%ffyv\t
1 from Pier 42. North River, foot of '
I Morton st. LA GASCOGNE. Sept. 16; LA
BRETAGNE. Sept. 2S: LA TOURAINE, Sept
SO: LA NORMANDIE, Oct. 7: LA CHAM-
PAGNE, Oct. 14. First-class to Havre, $65 and '
upward, B per cent reduction on round trip I
Second-class to Havre, $45. 10 per cent reduc- '■
tion on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR !
UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 32 Broad- :
i way (Hudson building). New York. J. F. FU- '
; GAZI ft CO.. pacific Coast Agents, 5 Montgom-
-1 cry nve.. San Francisco. -*
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOB I). S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON., Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m., 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night), Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m., 8 '
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE 50 0 I
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERT DAT IN THE YEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED '
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE I
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE !
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. M.
I- :
DINING-ROOMS ARE MANAGED by MR
fred HARVEY. AND ARE perfect IN
every detail. serving MEALS AT
regular hours and reasonable
rates:
no other LINE offers so many IN-
DUCEMENTS AS the SANTA fe route.
ban francisco ticket OFFICE. 623
market st. TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
OAKLAND OFFICE. 1118 Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE. 201 J Street. .
BAN JOSE OFFICE, 7 W. Santa Clara Street
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SOVTITF.ira I* AC* VIC COMPANY*
(PACIFIC SVRTBIO
Train* 'fine unit mt« ilno to nrrlve at
H\y VHAXViSV*>.
(Main Line, Foot of .Mar Street)
lea vi — From Ai-oi-st 2, 1399. — arkivi
7:OOa Benicia, Stiisnn And Sacramento.. .. Ss4Sp
7:OOa MarjEville. OroTuleand Usdding tla
Woodland 5:43r
7:OOa Elmira, VacaTllle and Rurasey 8:30p '
7::tOA Martinez, San Itamon, Vailejo. Xapa,
Calistoaa md Santa Rosa 6:1 Up
8:00 a Atlautio lixpress, Ogilen and East.. 9(494 ■
tiltOA San .lose, Livermore, Ktocktnn,
lone, Sacramcuto, I'laccrfllle,
Mnrysvllle. (hico. lteiVUlnff 4t1.1r
B>3oa •Milton, Oa!;dale and Konor.i 4:15p
8:30 a Yo?;mite Valley via OaJtdale and
Chinese 4sl3p
S:OOa Hayrvards, Niles and Way Stations. I!i43a
O:00a Martinez, Tracy, l.atbrop, Stockton,
Merced and Fresno 12:13p
•iOOa Fresno, .UakeislieM Santa Ijurlmro,
Lea Angeles, Doming. El Paso,
New Orleans and East 8:43r
19:OOa Vollejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:43p
X 1 :OOa Haywarda. t»':les and Way Stations. «:«p
12:00 m Nik-s, LJtrermore. Stockton. Sacra-
mento, Mcndota. Ilanford, Visalia,
Pcrterrille 4:IBp
•ItOOp Sacramento IMverStoimcra •StOOp
8:OOp Haywards. Nile* and Way Stations. , Oi4sp
4>OOr Martinet San lUn:oii, Vailejo,
Napa. (;ati*TjKa, Sauta Rosa OilSa
4iUoj> Benicia, VacaviUe, Sacramento^
Woodland, Knights Landing,
MarysTlllo, Oro?illo 1O:4»*
4iS9pNi!es, Kan Jose and Stockton 7:1 Up
«J:80p Y(ifemit>- Sleeping Car for Raymond 12:13*
««OOpThe Owl. Trac7. Fresno. Bakers-
field, Saugus Cor Santa Barbara,
I Los Angeles Bt43i
SißOp Stockton. Merced, Fresno 18:15p
$i3op Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
Mojare end l.os Angeles Bi43a.
oiBOp Santa Fo Route, Atlautio Kxpreat
(or Mojave ami Host «:43p
•IOOr Chtcago-Sau Franciaco Special, Ogdeu
■ and Uuet Bi3op
•:OOp Haywarda, Niles ard San Jose 7i4i>a.
♦«:OOp Valiejo 12:lBr
|7ioop Vailejo. Port Conta and Way Bta*
tlons t»tBS»
0:OOp Oregon Kxpress, SacnvWento, Marys.
ville, Ui-tl«llii(r, I'ottlan.l. I'iigel
Hnuii(laii') l':iat Mil
COAST DIVISION (Nnrrotr Gauge).
(Foot of Market Street.) -
~tT>4SA Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Crus and Principal Wtiy Stationt JB«o3f
Bit 8 A Newark, CcnttrTilh-.Han Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek.SantaOruz and Way
Stations 8iB«»
•StlOp Newark, Centerville, Ban Jose, New
Almaden, Feiton, lioulder Creok, .
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations •I»«3«a
4>lSp San .lose. Olenwood and Way Sta-
tions »»80A
Mltlßp Felton. Santa Crna and Way Bta-
tions /»i2oa
! , CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Frim SIR /RiNCISCO— Fcot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.M. 11:23 '2:33 }3:C3
•4:00 tS:OO *6:C3p.m.
rrimOAlUHD— foot of Broadwar.— 'o:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
1 12 :CQ »l:00 12:00 *3:00 tl:QO «B:OQf.ii.
COAST l)t VISION (Broad flange). ,
(Third and Townsend Sts.)
•6:1 ©A Ocean View. Soutb «an Frandeco.. *G:3Op
•7iOOa San Jon mid Way Stations (New
Alinadon Wednesdays o-jly) «8:00 a
17:SOa Sunday Excursion for Santa Cruz,
Pucilio Grove and Principal Way
Stations :Sx33»
9iooa San Joae, Traa I'inon, Kanta Cruz.
Pacilic Grove. Paso ICoblcs, Saa
l.vis Oliispo, Surf, Lompoo and
Principal Wny fiiationa 4«l©p
■ •: I«A Sau Jose ami Way Station 6:83 a
lIiSOa San Joso ami Way Stations Ii3O»
•lt>4sp San Matfo. Redwood. Monlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Sun .lose,
• Hollister,' Santa <'rnf. SaUnai.
Monterey ai:d Paclllo Grove •I«:3*A
•Bit{»p San Jose, Santa Cruz, Paciiio Grot*
and Principal Way Stations »7:8 Op
♦4ilsp San Joseaiul Principal Way Stations 9:43 a
•5:()«p Ban Joso and Principal Way Stations *S:3sa
5:30r San Jose ami Principal WayStatious # 0:OOa
BiSOp San Jose ami Wuy Stations 8:30p
t11:45r San Joseaiul Way Stations YHWrtv
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
•Sunday excepteil. t Sunday only. t Saturday only.
h.Satnrday and Sunday • /Suuday and Monday
! CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN fiY. CO.
I_iS3SSEHI
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot oi Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
j WEEK DAYS— 9:CO, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35.
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:s*
and 11:30 p. in,
SUNDAYS— 9:20. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 8:30,
, 6:00, 6:20 p. in.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
: WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,
3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays Extra trips at
1:65 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40, 5:05.
i '::■ p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzea Park
! came schedule as above.
Leave I . Arrive
Ban Francisco- In Effect Sain Francisco.
. April 16, .
Week Sun- 1*99. ' Sun- "Week
Days. days. I Destination, days. Days.
■ 7:30 am S:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pm 6:30 am Petaluma, 6:o' pm 10:25 ara
6:10 pni 5:00 pm Santa Kosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pia
Fulton,
' 730 am Windsor. 10^5 ana
Healdsbur?,
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
t:tO pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:20 pra
7:80 am j Hopland and I 10:25 an*
8:30 pin I 8:00 am Uklah. 1 7:86 pm 6:20 pa
7:30 am/ ] 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:38 pm
11:30 pm 6:20 pra
Ia 1 .
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 ami 8:40 am
and I
1:10 pm 5:00 pra Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm| 6:20 p:a
7:80 am 8:00 am ! Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 ana,
3:80 pm 5:00 pm! I 7:35 pm 6:20 pro)
Stages connect at Santa Roc a for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skagrga
Sprmga; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyville, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's,
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville,
Brvonevllle. Philo, Christine, Soda Springs..
Navarro, Whitesboro, Albion, Little River,
| Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City. Fort Bragg ,
I Weatport. Usal, WUlitts. Laytonville, Cum-,
ning's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,,
I Bcotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
I reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
I beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Of flees. 650 Market St.. Chronicle bid*.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
General Manager. Gen,. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Ssiuwllto Ferry.
Commencing September 1, ISS9.
FROM SAN FRANCIS* 0 TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO, »8:00. 30. 11:00 a. m.;
•1-45. 3:£o, 4:00, 5:15. '6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
! and Sundays, at 000 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *B. -00. •9:00. *10:00, 11:00, 11:30
i a. m.; 1:00. -1:45, '2:30, M:00. 5:30. 6.45 p. m.
i 11:00 a. m does not ran to San Raf '' Sundays.
I 5:30 p. m does not run to Mill Val y Sundays.
! Trains marked (•) run to San O^^?A rar .
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. *6:40, 7:55. 8:40, »10:20
: a. m.; 12:30. 2:15. '3:40, 1:35, 5:15 p. m.
i EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
I and Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO. .3:^s:ir 4 .°6:00*. 10 7^ »11:45
a. m. ; 1:00, 2:20, »3:30, *5:15, '6:00. 7:00, 10:1 d
P Tr!iins marked V) run to San Quenttn.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WKEK DAYS— 6:46, 8:50, 7:35, 5:55, 10:33
a m.- 12:3.".. '-':4r.. 4:55, B:W p. m.
- F\TRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00. 10:20 p. m.
AYS— B:OO. 10:00. 11:10 a. m.; 12:05,
l-'O 2-40, 3:55. 5:30. 6:30, 10:20 p. m.
, i..v, ».w, J THROUGH TRAINS.
7 -00 am. week Cazadero and way sta'ns.
3-20 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
S - 00 a m. — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p.' m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JQAQUiiI
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 28. 1899, trains will run as follow*:
South-bound. I North-bound.
Passen-I Mixed. I Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd Kxc'ptd Dally.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton I 3:45 pm 6:00 pni
9:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pra
10:40 am 6:35 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pm
11:38 am 7:45 Dm Han ford 7:45 am 1:45 pra
1:25 pm 12:30 am B&kersfleld 2 :CO am 11-00 am
11:69 am 6:25 pm Vlsalla 6:40 am 1:22 pra
12:15 pm 6:£3 pm Tulare 5:50 am 1:05 pra
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
inquire at Traffic Department. 821 Marltat at..
San Francisco.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
.i-^e Sun Francisco, via Sau&alito t'errjr.
_Jr" mi " « lc ,l n S SUNDAY. April 23. 1899.
WEB.X DAYS. 9:30 a. m.. and 1:45 p. m.
txtra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur-
day at 6:15 p. m Returning Same Even-
Ing, arriving In San Francisco at li.:t»
p. m. .
BUN DAYS. 8. 9. 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45, l:J>4
_ _ " and 4 p. m.
£*" _ B i. F - to Summit and Return, |1 49.
_ THOS COOK & SON. Agts.. 821 Market st.
Weekly Call, sl.oo per YearCOMMERCIAL WORLD
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 9, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 64 San Diego 70
Fresno 08 Sacramento 98
Los Arigp.es 70 Independence 88
Rod Bluff m Vuma »S
San Luis Ohljpo 76 •
San F.-anclsco data: Maximum temperature.
CO: minimum, 52; mean. D 6.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen slowly over California.
Nevada and Arizona. An area of low pressure
extends from Arizona to •them California.
Unusually warm weath.pr p' eva U .- In the in
terior of California. In the Sacramento Valley
the tPmpernture Is fourteen degrees above the
normal, and in the San Joaquin Valley from
fix to right degrees. Temperatures exceeding
100 dsgroes are reported at several stations.
The coldest station reporting west of the
Rocky Mountains is San Francisco, where the
temperature Is S<> degrees. At Mount Tamatpais
at the same hour was eighty-five degrees,
showing a vertical temperature gradient of one
deerree rise for every eighty feet of eleva
tion.
A tm^e of rain Is reported Et Los Angeles.
Low fog prevails Jong the coast.
Forecast mide at Pan Franclpeo for thirty
hours, ending midnlsht September 10:
For Northern California— Fair Sunday; north
erly winds in the Interior: continued warm
weather inland; fresh westerly winds, with fog
03 the coast.
'•for Pouthern California — Sunday: fresb
n-.rthwest winds with fog on the coast.
For Npvada — Fair Sunday: continued warm.
For Utah— Fair Sunday; continued warm.
For Arizona — Cloudy Sunday.
For Pan Francisco and vicinity — Fair Sun
day, with fop in the moraine and afternoon;
fre?h westerly wind.
ALEXANDER McADIE. Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
JCEW YORK, Sect. J.— Stocks showed some
§ <::s of firmness In the flrst hour of the trad
ing and up to the hours of the publishing of
the back statement. The movement in railroad
stocks wad exceedingly narrow, and lhe pell-
Ing movement, though not very passing, was
ruffleient to bring The genera] level of prices
below those of last nlcht. Tennessee Coal con
founded tne bears by soaring an additional 7
points upward, and after reacting SV4 recov
ered to within 2 points of the top. Colorado
Fuel continued to show close sympathy and
was up over - : •before the late reaction.
Adi to these a continued large demand for
Manhattan and sympathetic strength in Met
ropolitan and Brooklyn Transit and good gains '
la International Paper, Union Bag and Paper !
and Lackawanna, the points of extraordinary
strength In the market are about exhausted. j
The London Exchange was closed for a house
cleaning, and the recent depression from that
erjrce was lacking. Paris was looked to for a ;
reflection of foreizn sentiment, and the view
. there seemed to b«i a cheerful one. In view |
o; the i>essircisti3 forecasts that have been
hiard all week regarding the bank statement ;
th» "■- had a feeling early to the session
that .■ -. poor statement had been more than
discounted and were inclined to cover. Bat
the statement showed a loss in cash c: $2,CW.
--. 000 over the previous' estimates. The comparl
. &:n is. the average total of cash for sixty days
xvjth the average for the preceding six business
. days. AY the- totals" have b^eft en a lessening
■ Ec-ale. : the average, underestimates the actual
•total. The contraction of »6.iJ15,700 In loans re
duced- the reserve requirements by .aV>ut $1,500,
--. jQOO." Otterwise the : surplus above lezal re
" .qutrpmer.ts -would be: be-low ji.OOO.POO. It Is be- I
■ ileved the treasury would consent to leave on <
deposit' isith.X.ew York banks the payment for
taxes for' next" w.eek.. but this would only partly ;
.relieve . the' -drain., as the demand from the
South will .contlnu? and no Increase in cash '
. .-': 'reserves . would resurt from the measure Itself.
It is:, evident, therefore; that the -process of
■ Joan .-coTitruction is to continue lor the lmme
.-. diate' futufv. ■ . • , •:-:•*• •■■':..
: "- Wall street starts the week after Monday's
• • holiday with a disposition apparent to con
• test .the depressing; influences of - the shrink
ages.: of the surplus reserves In New York
■banks and .the gAtHering war cloud in South \
Africa. • . . ' ': ' .
••..■ Bji't the diiAblns of the money rate and the
•' .selling. . of stocks .tor longer account proved
etftcacious arrangements agninst an immediate
• further advance' in r>rU~?s. General prices re
' fus«?d to advance at any time and remained in
different to the wide upward mo'v-ement in lndi- .
". vl4.ua! • stor-ks. whether the Vanderbilts, the
• volatile ,sp*iia;t!es led by Tennessee Coal or by ;
.-.St. paal. The movement of St. Paul was
.' t>as*3 on the publication of the annual report
• and was niot-t ' Influential in its effect on the
■.general 'list! The large increase in nearly
every branch of the exceedingly varied traf
fic of the great system, the extensive im
• menu and the betterments effected dur
• ing the ear and large surplus of earnings
'carries forward, even after the generous allot
ment to the cost of improvements from cur
" rent • earnlncs, : a '.- a most hopeful 6howing
■ of the condition of the transi>ortation lndus
■ try an.3 had an inevitable effect on prices of
ail railroad securities. The conditions in the
market have caused greatest caution during the
.past we»k. The downward course of the cash
■reserve "item of the New York Clearing-house
banks had made little, effect for several weeks
past. . . - ■ ". " " : '
It has been argued that there was plenty
of money available which did not show in the
w»ek!y Clearing-house statement. The many
new trust' companies which have been organ
ized ; and the insurance companies have been
pointed out as sources of supply, which were
not Indicated in the Clearing-hous* statement.
The fact that banks in the Western cities i
which have been bidding far mercantile paper
in the .New Y.^rk market was cited as evidence
that the interior was supplied with money to
move the crops and need not call on New
York. Deposits of Western and Southern banks
Jn New York bonks have been transferred on a
large scale to ether Eastern cities, owing to
the recently enforced rule of New York banks
to charge for collections on outside checks, ana
this was expected to shift whatever demand
misht come from the West and South for
nvney upon other cities. And the conviction
has been general that gold exports were an
available means of relief whenever it was de
sired to call home our foreign credits. There
Is ground for the prevailing belief on all those
points, but nevertheless New York exchange
at Interior points has continued downward
an* the shipments or currency to New Orleans
have commenced this week as usual at this
period of the year. The balance of the cur
rency movement has been largely in favor of
the Interior and the sub-treasury is still mak- ,
ing large inroads on the cash resources of New
York banks on account of payments of taxes.
~ he banks' surplus r'-«rv»?, already low. are
thus tending fast toward trie vanishing point.
The sterling exchange rote showed no dispo
sition to yield until late In the week, in spite
of th" hardness of money here, as the London
market was preparing Itself for the Increasing
probability of war. If gold Imports should be
'A-ced under these circumstances it is certain
that American securities would be sent home
to market on a laree scale. It will be re
membered that the treasury came to the relief
S the money market last September by antici
r«'ing th " redemption of maturing bonds and
acc^ufns interest and by increasing deposits
»t dei>£i*«rv banks. It Is the hope of flnan
c'al St^lm that some such measures of relief
wfli nSw be adopted by the treasury- Other
. .v, i'ir^a«ing demands on the New \ork
tort f wili 'can ':<? a constable contraction
SftK^iSffiES o O nU-°been moderately ;
• rTIVe tvTrirJT the week and prices have not
oMioirfcou^ advanced H. and the fives de
clln-d «* per cent In the bid nee.
NEW YORK BTOCK LIST.
„ Closing
Share* B1(1
Sold. Stocks— 2,^
2.P11 Atchtson .-•••• "J*
11310 Atchison pi* f i h -;; "•
200 Baltimore & Ohio |2£
V Canadian Pacific ?3\
Canada Southern « *
""ioo Central P« —•• "%
• o^3 Chesapeake & Ohio fl»
; ■„.» riilii^o treat Western ls-^
?9» Ch cago -■■•.-, CJuincy U4* .
**M OCh cago Ind & ioutevHle ••■■- 10. :
ChiPSKO Ir.d & Louisville prefd..... 41
r£i» Ch ictlo & Eastern Illinois MH
" n, l( . aeo & North westerr. 163
'■i*M Virago Rock Inland & Pacific I 2&
4il C C C & St I»uis oo*i
100 Coloratlo Southern ■•••••• ;• »
Colorado Southern l«t prefd 46
""iM Colorado Southern Id prefd 16
8«> Delaware ,& Hud li-on ....■■. 123
500 Delaware ' Lack & Western 17W4
COO Denver & Itlo Grande ■; • |}%
$00 r-enver & Rio Grande ' .v.v.v;;:: is£
Krie ls« prefd -• *"' y4
""i:9 GreaP Northern prefd IWV4
839 Hocking Con I £ 4
-0-j Hocking Valley •-• '
<r al ll £* I
7g J?S.?S?isSte* ouif::::::: B?*i
tern la
»
- I ake Shore 201 •■i
"'MM Louisville & Nashville 80
24^3 Manhattan L. -•••• »'• **
3T,4 Metropolitan Street Railway tU%
j'J;^ Mexican Central 15
'+30 Minneapolis ■ St Louis 7S»
. . Minneapolis A St Louis prefd 96
250 Missouri Pacific « i
Mobile & Ohio «
Vi> Missouri Kansas & Texas 13.4
. 2 4(5 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 41-»
COO New Jersey Central IIS !
I 761 New York Central 1-8 I
I.V-0 Norfolk & Western 2*4
'14 Norfolk & Western prefd Wk
2,4:.-. Northern Paclflc ■r - ■**
700 Northern Pacific prefd •«'*
I.SM Ontario & Western..... -0/4 i
Oregon Hallway & Nay.... 44*4
Oregon Railway & Nay prefd <« |
1.000 Pennsylvania "* j
....... Reading ».. I
J.4QO Heading Ist prefd tu >»
100 Reading 24 prefd 83
Rio Grand« Western 384
Rio Grande "Western prefd 82
Et Loot! & San Fran 11
St Louis * San Fran Ist prefd "0 j
St Louis & San Fran 2.1 prefd 3IS'~A ;
300 St Louis Southwestern 15V* !
1.400 St Louis Southwestern prefd SG»i
7,210 St Paul 134 j
St Paul prefd ITS !
St Paul & Omaha US !
6,100 Southern Pacific 3«%
I 2.000 Southern Railway 124 j
1,220 Southern Railway prefd 544
l"0 Texas & Pacific 204
2.430 Union Pacific 46 4 j
! 2,500 Union Pacific prefd 76 I
Wabash "Y
--520 V abash prefd 22' 4
; 1.720 Wheeling & Lake Erie iX%
300 Wheeling & Lake Erie prefd 1114
320 Wisconsin Central ITS :
i P C C -v St Louis 73»i
Express Companies —
| Adame ....I 115
American 150
: United States 50
j Wells-Fargo 135
Miscellaneous —
300 American Cotton Oil 44
American Cotton Oil prefd. ...„ 934
120 American Malting 13 i
I American Malting prefd 664 ,
900 American Smelting & R 40Vi
! American Smelting & R prefd 90%
' American Spirits 504
American Spirit* prefd 28% .
3,400 American Steel Hoop 40\ I
250 American Steel Hoop prefd .. 554
M American Steel & Wire 564 ;
100 American Steel & Wire prefd 99
7GO American Tin Plate ...., 434
150 American Tin Plate prefd S6Vfe
3,200 American Tobacco 127 I
American Tobacco prefd 145
2.500 Anaconda Mining Co 56 ]
7,635 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 104 I
17,556 Colorado Fuel & Iron » 61%
■ 1,420 Continental Tobacco 4-'> i»
I 1.300 Continental Tobacco prefd 954 i
2,745 Federal Steel 60-^
300 Federal Steel prefd si* ,
' General Electric 1224 i
125 Glucose Sugar 64^'
220 Glucose Sugar prefd 104 j
3.553 International Paper 31% ]
400 International Paper prefd 76%
200 Laclede Gas 66^ '.
150 National Biscuit 46 '■
National Biscuit prefd 99 j
200 National Lead 31 |
National Lead prefd 110 i
I 1.000 National Steel 53%;
1,055 National Steel prefd 57V* ;
New York Air Brake 161 !
100 North American 12** ;
650 Pacific Coast 4S&
; Pacific Coast Ist prefd (4 I
j Pacific Coast 2d prel'd 65>« ■
i 3.900 Pacific Mail 42$
I 1,020 People's Gas 115%,
100 Pressed Steel Car 59>4 I
: 1.025 Pressed Steel Car prefd Mfc
350 Pullman Palace Car 153 ,
i Standard Rope & Twine S !
5.590 Sugar 15o*i
| Sugar prefd 119
24.160 Tennessee Coal & Iron US
5,200 United States Leather 10* i
400 United States Leather prefd 754
j 100 United States Rubber -1.-* -*
1 United States Rubber prefd 115%
I 400 Western Union 884
I 5.755 Republic Iron 23i»
£65 Republic Iron prefd 754 '
2J5, 800 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
3 S 2s reg- LOOK M X & T 2ds 71% '
I Do 3s reg IQ* l *! Do 45...'. 94' i
! I- 3s coup m*i|N T C tots 112 !
| Do new 4s reg...130 N J C gen 6a.... 1»)
Do new ii c0up. .130 No Car 6s 12V
I Do old 4s reg....lUV» Do 4s l'"> 44 j
I Do old 4s coup. .. :No Pacific lsts 113 '<
| Do 5s reg 1114 j Do 3s tt% •
Do :- coup 1114! Do 4 9 10S4
i Din of Col 3.655. ..117 iN V C & St L 43..10S
i 6,1 a class A 109*4 N * W con «•.. K54
Do class B 199 i Do gen 6s 135
Do lass C 103 Or Nay ln> 1134
Do currency 100 | Do 4s 103*
I *.teh gen 4b IJ2W >r Short Line «5..12**%
, Do a<lj 4s &SVt; Do con os 116
. Tan So Mi 150 [Reading gen 4s S7?*
Thes .Si Ohio 445.. *5 RG W lsts 18%
! Do is -.liSViSt. L v I M C sf> . . 113 7
! Chi & N con 7*. ...US iSt L&S F G 6s. "1 i
I Do S F deb 55. ..120 !St Paul cons 1744 i
Chi Term 4s KM St P C & P lets... 121
li 4 R G lsts 105 ! Do 5s 121 '
Do la i>K\ ; So Railway Si 109% i
i E T V & G 1ate... 1034 Stand R & T 6*... S7
1 Erie gen 4s 714 Tern new get 85... 95
" F W & D C lets... 7S"* Tex & Fac 15t5... .1154
Gen 2;ec os 116 | Do 2ds 54
G H & S A 6* 10* 'Un Pac 4s lOi^i
Do Ids 108 j Wabash lsts Us
I H & T C .'« 11l , Do 2<3«< 1004
I' Do ccm 6? ill | West Shore 4s 112% ,
! lowa Central 15t5. .116 jWls Cent lets - "- . |
iKCPiO lsts.... 72 (Va Centuries »74 I
jLa new con 43 106 j Do deferred 5
L £ N unl 4a mk C & S SS^i j
MINING STOCKS.
j Chollar 4* Ontario 7 0.) i
| Crown Point SO Opblr 103
Con Cal & Va 1 75 Plymouth 13
I Deadwood - 70 Quicksilver 2 CO |
i Gould & Curry 30! Do prefd S M
j Hale & Norcross.. SOiSiorra Nevada..... 85 j
I Homestake 65 00 Standard M !
j Iron Silver 51 Union Con. 44,
Mexican 49 Yellow Jacket *> I
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— (West End 95
Call loans 4544j Do prefd 113
Time loans 4QX iWestinghs ETlec... 49 j
Stocks — ! Do prefd C 9 |
' Atch T * St F. . 21- W.-s Central 23
' Do prefd, ex dlv. M% Bonds — „-. ••■ .
Amer Sugar 152%, Atehiaon 4? 100
Do preXJ ..11SU' Mining Shares—
| Bel! Tele 3C9 'Adventure 84
f Boston & Albany. 266 jAllouez Mln C 0.... t%
Boston Ele I.- Atlantic 30 ;
j Boston & Maine. ..2oo JBoston & Mont .338 t
Chi B & Q 134%'Butte & Boston CS :
Ed Elec 111 2fb C & Hec. ex d1v.. 805 >
: Fitchburg prefd. ...121 'Centennial 34?;
Gen Electric 121 ' i Franklin 20 i
' Federal Steel f^Humboldt 2»i
I Do prefd SjAiOsoeola M :
: Mexican Cent I*' 1 i '■ Parrot 10
t Mich Tele 100 Quincy U|
i Old Colony 203 St Fe Copper 14
I Old Dominion 32 Tamarack 220
! Rubber 43 iWtnona 104
: U Pacific 45Vii Wolverines 45V* ;
■ Union Land 62 Utah 40
*>_ &
! Associated Banks' Statement.
; 4 . «> !
NEW YORK, Sept. The Financier Bays: J
The surplus reserve of the New York clearing- ;
house banks, to all intents and purposes, was !
j practically wiped out by the operations of the |
I -week ending September 9.
j The city institutions are loaned to the limit
1 and the loss of $10,571,000 cash, which Is an
amount larger than the excess reserve reported
. for the previous week, was made possible only
Iby a heavy contraction In loans. The reduc- j
| tion of over fifteen millions in deposits lessened
i the reserve liability by over three and three- !
! quarter millions, so that despite the tightened j
position In which the banks find themselves j
the situation has been ably met. In many :
ways present monetary conditions are anamo- I
lous. With reserves lower than at any time
since 1593 money here has not exceeded an j
average of 4 per cent, and there seems to be !
'no trouble in securing accommodations. The
' explanation is found in the outside loaning
lat this center. Despite the fall of domestic |
i exchange rates to a point that indicates a \
j continuation of the outward movement New j
York Is being visited regularly by Western j
1 bankers who are Investing their available
I surpluses In giltedged securities or putting '
out idle funds In other directions here. Since
July 1 the New York banks have lost about
i $30 000 000 in cash and they are now facing a
' period when further drains are to be expected.
it stands to reason that the fulfillment of these ;
demands Is impossible unless loans are heavily
i contracted or new supplies are found. The
! logical relief is to be found In gold Imports, j
: which in past seasons have been always looked I
1 forward to. Whether the. same custom will J
I prevail this year cannot be stated, but cir
-1 cumstances certainly favor that prediction. It j
i Is not Impossible that treasury operations may
Ibe adjusted and afford some relief. Looking
! at the situation m a broad light, however. It
is best described as interesting rather than
• critical The country is not suffering from a
■■ lack of funds, even if the New York reserves
do Indicate it. The prosperity of the country
has resulted in a much wider distribution of j
fun's than ever known before and this ex- j
plains In large part New York's exhaustion of
banking surplus to-day.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW TOF.K. Sept. FLOUR-Recefpts, 19.
--059 barrels; exports. 19. 114. Dull and easy;
winter patents. S3 44<?3 75; winter straights.
13 30«?3 40: -winter extras. $2 40@2 80; winter low
grades. *2 25*53 40; Minnesota patents, $3 Kg*;
Minnesota bakers, $2 9033 26.
WHEAT— Receipts, 105,260 bushels; exports,
"6 «• No 2 red. 74 Vic f. o. b. afloat spot; No. 1
northern Duluth. 7s*ie '• °- *•• afloat to arrive;
Vo f red '"■■■ r elevator. Options opened weak
at l^c decline", influenced br bearish cables nnl
hravy Northwest receipts. The approaching
crop report checked epeculators. The market
whs dull and featureless, closing easy at ■n&hio
, t "line May. 79ST9HC. closed T9Vtc; September.
l^lScT closed 73c; December. 76%©76 c,
Cl iioPS—Dtill : State common to choice, 189«
crop <ie: 1897 crop, nominal: 18SS crop, 10@13c;
Pacific Coast. 1890 crop, 4426 c; ISS7 crop, nomi
nal' IS9S crop. ll@l4c.
' HIDES— Steady; California, 21 to 25 pounds,
1 WOOlj— Steady; domestic fleece, 19@24c;
U'6oi->— Steady; domestic fleeoe, 19<^24c;
T METALS— The brokers' price for lead is $4 40
METAIvS-The brokers' price for lead is U 40
and for copper $18 60.
COFFEE— Options closed steady: sales. 8000
bars , including October, »4 SO; November,
14 33- December, $4 50; January. $4 60; March,
$4 6:^4 70; May, $4 "i'S* 80. Spot coffee, Rio,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1399.
dull: No. 7 Rio, 7Uc. No. T Jobbing, 8c; mild,
quiet; Cordova, 6%£114 -
PT'OAR— Raw, easy; fair refining, y%e: cen
trifugal, 96 test. 4»»c; mnlasses sugar. 3 11-lGc:
refined, unsettled; No. 6, 4Hc: No. 7, 4 S-lfc;
Nfo t, <He; No. t, 4 7-lte; No. 10. 4 5-lSc:
No. 11, 4 3-I'V; No. 12, 4»«c: No. 13. 44c;
No. 14. 4U-16c; mold A,'s 9-16 c; standard A,
511-lrtc; confectioners' A. 6 11-I60; cut loaf,
5 11-18 c; crushed, 5 13-16 c; powdered. She: gran
ulated, 5 5-lSc; cub«s, 5 7-16 c.
BUTTER-Receipts, 3579 packages; strong.
rtern creamery, 17U(g2240; June creamery,
■ . •_•-; factory. lS^ll^e.
EGGS— Receipts, 4968 packages: market firm.
Western candled extras at mark, 13@16c.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
California dried fruits, quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 74c;
prin.e wire tray, 8^5"84c; choice, 854©9 c;
fancy, I
rnrTTrn i'l#i<
APRICOTS— RoyaI. ll@14c: Moorpark, 14©16 c.
PEACHEs— Unpeeled, 53114 c.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Sept. Wheat opened weak at
a decline of about %g?»c. Receipts of wheat in
the Northwest were much heavier than a week
ago. and Liverpool was lower. The general
! trend of the market has been downward for
i several days, and this sort of news easily put
the balance of trading on the selling side. The
I selling pressure at noon was quite heavy, but
l the demand was *o light that prices declined
1 steadily, weakness being especially marked in
i deferred futures. The market soon got under
! puts, and at that point became steady under
; fair buying against those privileges, but did
: not show signs of any reaction until late in the
session, when the report of the verdict In the
i Dreyfus case was posted and the excitement
lin Pans caused covering by shorts. Buying,
' however, was only sufficient to bring prices
. back to about yesterday's closing point. The
1 market was affected in a bearish way by the
Increase of 150,000 bushels In the European
visible for August, compared with a decrease
last year of T.W0.000 bushels. The big Russian
I stocks, 8,840,000 bushels, also came as a sur
' prise to traders and was responsible for some
1 IlquMatloa. Toward the close the market was
; practically at a standstill. Bearish statistics
' were expected Monday, and with this belief
! traders were disinclined to do much. Decem
: ber opened *«M4c lower at 71^1'sC It de
! clined to 70\wi70Sc and rallied to 71Vic, where
lit closed. September sold as high as iO?4®»0%o
I and closed unchanged at 7i.' l
' Corn was dull and heavy. The market got
i to both dally and weekly puts and had »omo
support on that account. December closed He
i Oats were fairly active and irregular. The
' close was about steady. December closed un- :
Changed and September lost He. 1" / ■ ' r ■
Provisions still showed the effects of the yel- .
! low fever news and ruled slightly lower all
' around. Liquidation took place In all products,
: but the good cash demand for meats caused
■■ some rally late In the session. At the close
October pork and lard were 2^c lower and ribs
! a shade lower.
The leading future* ranged as follows:
Artie Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 1— 70* 70% ■» „,.
p^ig:: 7W4 70% S3 JBj
n be.- «8 n% 70\ 71J4
Hay 74-, 74^ 73", UH
September...7 ..... 31% 31% 31* 31%
(December 2*4 2*4 »J4 ; ? >
May .29% 29% 29 .4 23*
Oats No. 2— 2Hi 21S 21 «ft
September JHi 21H »
December 204 204 20H 204
; May 22 22V» 21% 22h»
i Mess Pork, per barrel—
October 5074 8 074 8 024 805 :
December 820 . S 224 815 820
! January 9 474 9 £24 9 4.4 9 524
I Lard, per 100 pounds
-1 October 5 274 5 274 525 5 274
December 535 535 5 324 535
January 5 424 645 6 424 a4o
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds—
October 5 274 530 620 523
January 4 974 4 974 495 4 974
Cash quotations were as follows: ;
Flour steady; winter patents, $3 50^3 CO; [
straights »S 10©3 30; spring specials, H 20;
spring patents. $3 40^3 70: straights. J2 80©
j 3 "0- bakers' 12 : •: - 60; No. 3 spring wheat. ,
65«f6Sc; No. 2 red. 72c: No. 2 corn, 31»,4c-; No.
, 2 oats 21*i$2!c: No. 2 white, 23H@234c; No. ,
3 white 22«Siff234c: No. 2 rye. 6«%^57^4c; No.
! 2 barley, 26v.g42c: No. 1 flaxseed, II 11: prime
timothy Feed. $2 2.'t}2 274: mess pork, per bar
: rel $7 25<JjS 05: lard, per 100 pounds, $5 05®5 30;
short ribs sides (loose). $3 25@5 to; dry salted
shoulders (boxed), 15 624'g0 75; short clear
: Fides (boxed), S3 80©5 70; whisky, distillers'
! finished goods, per gallon. »1 22: sugars, cut
! loaf, 5.*5 c; granulated. 6.31 c.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 16.000 10.000
' Wheat bushels 125,000 29.000
Corn, bushels T«.00O 667.0.--}
Oats, bushels 467.000 425,000
I Rye bushels 12.0-10 1,000,
] Barley, bushels 51.0-30 ' 2.00Q
i On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
! market was firm; creamery, 16<g20c; dairy, 13 it
i 17c. Cheese, firm, 10%@114c. Eggs, firm;
fresh, 14@144c.
Exports of Specie.
' NEW YORK. Sept. 9.— The exports of gold
and silver from this port to all countries for
this week aggregates $871. '93 sliver bars and |
coins and *«.'»» gold. -The Imports of specie
j this week were $60,467 gold and $69,313 silver. !
The imports of dry goods, and merchandise at :
j the port of New York for this week were
valued at $>,SM,&G4.
Cash in the Treasury.
; WASHINGTON. Sept. To-day's statement \
: of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
' able cash balance, $251,867.i>42; gold reserve,
; J2i3.900.551.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Sept. 9.— CATTLE— There were
' not enough cattle offered to-day to make a
I market, and prices for all grades were practi-
I cally nominal. The few cattle offered were
disposed of at yesterday's ruling prices.
HOGS — The demand for the light run of hogs !
was brisk, and price* were steady. Heavy
boga 54 20@4 80: mixed lots, $4 35f?4 75: light,
$4 3?.i?i4 75; pigs, $3 SOO4 50: culls. J2-g4 13.
SHEEP — was a fair demand for slfeep !
i and lambs at the recent advances In prices. I
Fheep sold at X*73 for culls up to J4 25@4 50 for !
choice flocks. western rangers selling at $3 500 :
4 25; lambs, $3 15#6 30 for native* and $4 SO®
'. 5 30 for Western rang* flocks.
i Receipts—Cattle, 3«0; hog«, 12,000; sheep,
i 4000.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Sept. 9.— Wheat quiet, the mills
b"!nis about the only buyer* who can operate
at present prices. Walla Walla, s&c; VaP.ey,
60&61 c; Bluestem. Be
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Sept. I.— The close of the week
found wh«at dull and unchanged, local quota
tions ruling at 58c for Club, 61c for Blueetem.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or, Sept. 9. -Clearings, $243,714;
balances, $€5.563.
Forctgn Markets.
LONDON. Sept. 9.— Silver, *7!-l<!d: French
rentes, lOOf 60cgl00f 70c; wheat cargoes off
coast, nominal, unchanged; cargoes on passage,
sellers Indifferent operators; English country
market, nothing doing: Indian shipments of
wheat to United Kingdom. 3000 centals; Indian
shipments of wheat to Continent, 19,000 centals.
LIVERPOOL, Sept. 9.— Wheat dull; No. 1
standard, California, 6s 4dg€s Id; wheat In
Paris, steady; flour in Paris, steady.
CLOSING.
WHEAT-*-Srot, dull: No. 2 red Western win
ter, os 84d; No. 1 northern spring. 6s Id? No.
1 California, to 4<i'gSs Id. Futures— Dull, Sep
tember, &s 9d; December, 6s IVid; March,
68 lf&d.
CORN— Spot, quiet. American mixed, new
and old, Ss sd. Futures Quiet; September, 3s
4^d; October. 3s »*sid ; November. 3s 64d.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, firm, 7s 9d.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time* and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— Tht high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SUNDAY. SEPTEMBER 10.
Sun rises 5:47
Sun sets .....6:25
Moon sets 9.06 p. m.
"" 0 Time Time Time ITlmel
£ ■ Ft. 1 Ft. Ft. I 1 Ft.
• ,H W LW HWLW
10 .. 3:101 4.2! 8:081 2.5 2:20 5.5 9:26 0.3
11 ... 4:24 4.0 8:65 2.9 3:061 6.5 10:30 0.2
12 ... 6:40 4.8 1:59 3.1 4:0« 6.6 11:35 0.2
13 ... 6:59! 4.2; 11:18 8.1 5:18 5.4 .-.
l wl H w L" w| - H W -
14 ... 0:36: 0.0 7:591 4.5 12:35 3.0 6:30 6.4
15 .. 1:36-0.1 8:45 4.8 1:40 2.7 7:40! 5.5
16 .. i:2»l— 8:25 5.1 2:*»l 2.1 -8:46 5.6
17 ... 3:19 0.0 10:03 5.4 3:30 1.5 8:45 5.7
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
end the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but j
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are addition to the soundings on the !
United States Crast Survey charts, except |
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is Subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I From. J Due.
Homer 1st. Michael Sep. 10
San Juan.-. Panama Sep. 10
B. Hern«ter.... Coquille River Sep. 10
Empire Coos Bay Sep. 10
City of Rio J.. China and Japan Sep. 10
Robt. Adamson Nanaimo Sep. 10
Progreso Seattle Sep. 10
Bertha St. Michael Sep. 11
Coos Bay Newport Sep. 11
Crescent City... Crescent City Sep. 11
Washtenaw .... Tacoma Sep. 11
Brunswick Oregon Ports Sep. 12
A. Blanchard...; Coos Bay Sep. 12
State of Cal.... Portland Sep. 12
i Australia Honolulu Sep. 12
! Weeott Humboldt Sep. 12
i Miami .Seattle Sep. 13
Corona San Diego Sep. 13
: Areata Coos Bay Sep. 13
North Fork Humboldt Sep. 14
Queen ..'. Victoria & Puget Sound Sep. 14
] Samoa - Humboldt Sep. 14
Point Arena. .-i Point Arena Sep. 15
Bonlta San Pedro Sep. 15
! Columbia Portland Sep. 17
TO SAIL.
1 Steamer, ! Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
i Columbia ..IPortland...... Sep. 10, 10 am! Pier 24
Samoa 'Humboldt | Sep. 10. 10 am Pier 3
: Pomona. •■•• Humboldt Sep. 11, 2 Pier 9
■ Point Arena Point Arena.. Sep. 11, 2 Pier 2
] Santa Rosa San Diego (Sep. 11, 11 am Pier 11
Nip China& Japan S<*p. 12, 1 pm PMSS
j Homer ,Cape Nome. .'Sep. 12 Pier 16
! A Blanch' d i Oregon Ports. Sep. 13, 10 am Pier 13
Coos Bay... Newport Sep. 13, 9 am Pier 11
' Umatilla ... Vic & Pgt Sd. Sep. 13, 10 am. Pier 0
j Brunswick Oregon Ports. (Sep. 14, 10 am Pier 20
State Cal... Portland Sep. 15, 10 am j Pier 24
| Corona San Diego Sep. 15, 11 am Pier 11
Areata Coos Bay Sep. 15, 4 pm Pier 13
Weeott Humboldt ' Sep. 18, 2 pm Pier 13
San Juan... 'Panama Sep. 18, 12 m PMSS
Queen Vie & Pgt Sd. Sep. IS. 10 am Pier 9
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, September 9.
Star Pomona, Shea, I*4 hours from E-ureka.
Ship America, Harding, 13 days' from Prince
William Sound.
gtmr Whlteeboro, Olsen, 13 hours from Point
Ar Da.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexande, 61 hours -from
San Diego, etc.
S'n.r K;vai, VVaivig-, 46 hours from Coos Bay.
Stmr Cleone, Higgins. 21 hours from Little
River, via Albion 20 hours.
Stmr President, Nelson. 124 days from Bris
tol Buy, via Karluk S days.
Stmr Umatllla, Couslns fc 604 hours from Vic
toria and I'uget Sound ports.
Stmr Greenwood. Fagerlund, 14 hours from
Greenwood, bound to Port Lob Angeles; put in
to land passenrers.
Stmr Empire, Nelson, 504 hours from Coos
Bay.
btmr Alex Duncan, Gielow, 44 hours from
rt.
Ship Oriental, Parker, 25 days from Bristol
Bay. via Unlrr.ak I'ass 15 days.
Schr Western Home, Daerwerlti, 5 days from
Scbr Dewey, Echmalling, 20 hours from Al
bion.
Schr Berwick, Ostlin, 6 days from Coquille
RlV€r - SAILED.
Saturday, September 9.
Stmr Bonita, Ntcolson, San Pedro.
Ptmr North Pork, Bash, Eureka.
Stmr Greenwood. Faeerlund, Port Los An
gelea.
Stmr E>el Ncrte, Allen. .
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
NATIONAL STANDARD
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW !
York, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
1898, and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the j
State of California, pursuant to the provisions ',
! of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code, j
! condensed as per blank furnished by the Com- :
! missioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up la
Cash $200,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company
I Loans on Bonds and Mortgages
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
I and Bonds owned by Company — $546,000 00,
I Amount of Loans secured by pledge
I of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral....
Cash In Company's Office
Cash in Banks 13,908 52
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 3,104 17 !
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
j and Mortgages
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 86.332 03
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
" for Fire and Marine Risks
Rents due and accrued. Internal
Revenue Stamps 20 04
Due from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid
Total assets $595,364 52
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $4.715 00
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 23,066 00
; Losses resisted. Including expenses. 4,330 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $134,0*5 00;
reinsurance 50 per cent 87,033 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $34,631 57;
reinsurance pro rata 24.053 60
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks, $ ;
reinsurance 50 per cent 15.559 55 •
I Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks. $ ; reinsurance 50
per cent 17,786 41
All other demands against the
Company
Total liabilities $156, 58 I
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $167,594 €7
Net Cash actually received for
Marine premiums 6,634 97;
j Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages
I Received for Interest and dividends
i on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
I nil other sources 18.95S 81 i
1 Received for profit on sale of Bonds 639 M ;
Total Income \ $193.655 65
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
: (Including $ . losses of pre-
-1 vious years) $169,557 07
Net amount paid for Marine Losses,
(Including $ . losses of pre-
vious years) 20,301 72
Dividends to Stockholders • 24.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 69,378 06 !
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers clerk», etc.... 3,155 00
Paid for State, National and local
taxes • 8.253 88
I All other payments and expenditures 2,343 23
Total expenditures $256.999 01 i
Losses Incurred during the year $132,773 87
Risks and Premiums. IFire Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of Risks j
written during the
year $34,370.183 00 $306.49143
Net amount of . Risks
' expired during the]
: year | 46.249.031 405.597 10 j
: Net amount In force
December 31. 1898.... 16.526.034 00 163,697 58
Risks and Premiums. [Mar. Risks, j Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year • •- $654.864 00 $25,956 62
' Net amount of Risks •
expired during the
year 1.570.909 00 66.247 19
Net amount in force
December 31. 1595.... 425,830 00 15,559 55
• EC. CONVERSE, Prest. *' :-* ~
R. BLEECKER RATHBONE. Secy.
Subscribed and sworn to before m«, this 25th
day of January. 1899.
GEO. O. RUGER. Notary Public.
WINFIELD S. DAVIS,
GENERAL AGENT,
215SANSOMEST.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
TELEPHONE iY\f\ lN 5968
Stmr Xoyo, Johnson. Fort Bragg-
Nor stmr Titania, Egenes, Nanalmo.
Pchr Maxim. Olsen. .
Schr Amethyst. Zimmerman. Til'.axnooK.
Schr Lizzie Prien. Hansen. Coquille River.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBO6. Sent 9. 10 o m— Weather
thick; wind BW; velocity S miles.
DOMESTIC PORTB.
GRAYS HARBOR— Saiied Sept S— Schr Lette
tia, for San I'edr •>.
Arrived Sem S— Schr Ida Schnauer. from
Santa Rosalia; schr Guide, hence Auj 25; schr
Alcaide, from San Pedro.
NEWPORT fS)— Arrived Sept 9— Stmr Se
quoia, from Fort Bragg.
PORT ROSS— Sailed Sept 9— Schr Mary C. for
San Francisco.
PORT LUDLOW-Sailed Sept 9— Schr Queen,
far San Francisco; schr Defender, for San
Francisco. _
Arrived Sept J-Haw ship Euterpe, from Port
Townsend. _ ,
Port TOWNSEND — Sailed Sept 9— Bark
Northern Lieht, for Newport (S).
Arrived Sept 9— Br ship Alice A Leigh, from
Yokohama.
In port Sept »-Bktn Klikltat. from Port Lud
low. fur Honolulu.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Sept 9— Schr Endea
vor, for Honolulu.
ASTORlA— Arrived Sept »— Btmr Webfoot,
hence Aub 27.
Sailed Sept 9— Stmr Brunswick, for San Fnn
clsco.
VENTT'RA— SaiIed Sept 9— Stmr San Pedro,
for an Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR-Salled Fept &— Stmr Co
quillo River for San Francisco.
BAN I'El'R'")— Arrived Sept S— Stmr Alcazar,
from Port Los Angeles. Sept 9— Schr Alice,
from Eureka; stmr Sunol, from LMtt!e River.
Sailed Bept 9— Stmr Alcazar, for San Fran
elsco; sttrr for San Diego.
RO<'K PoßT— Arrived Sept 9— Stmr Navarro,
hence Sort 8.
O >OS BAY— Sailed Berrt 9— Sttnr Ruth, for
San Francisco.
Arrived Sept 9— Schr Gotama, hence Aug 31:
schr Gem. h^nce Aug 30.
CASPAR— SaiIed Sept 9— Schr Abble. for Re-
EUREKA- Sailed Sopt S— Tug Rescue, for San
Francisco, with two barges In tow.
EASTERN PORTS.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Passed up
Sept B— Shir 1 A J Fuller, from Hilo.
NORFOLK-Saiied Sept S— ShiD Henry B
Hyde, Tor .
FOREIGN PORTS.
SYTJNEY-Arrived prior Sept g— Schr Oceania
Vance, from Eureka.
PANAMA— In port Aug 19— Ger »hlp Alde
baran, for Oregon.
ANTWERP- Sailed Sept 6— Br ship Simoena,
for San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE, NSW-Sailed Sept 7-Br bark
Lynton. for San Francisco.
TP.ANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW York— Arrived Sect 9— Stmr Thlng
valla. from Stettin.
Saiied Pert D— Stmr Palatia, for Hamburg;
stmr Camcania. fur Liverpool; stmr Manitou,
for Lon'l>n; ?tmr I* ChamraKne, for Havre:
stmr Statendam, for Rotterdam, via Boulogne;
sfmr Em.--, tot Naples, etc; stmr City of Rome,
for QIMBOW.
HONGKONG— Arrived previously Sept »—
Stmr Gaelic, from San Francisco.
ANTWKRP-Arrived Sept 9— Stmr Fnesland.
from New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Sept 9— Stmr Taurlc,
from New York.
BOSTON — Arrived Sept 9— Stmr Pavonia.
from Liverpool; stmr Derbyshire, from Liver
r---'i.
Three Thousand Words a Minute.
The rapid system of telegraphy invented
lv i 'rehore and Squire was recently tried
between Fort Myer. Va., and the War De
partmt-iit. Washington. In an hour 120,
--000 w ■ rds were telegraphed, that i? to
Bay, 8000 words a minute. The system has
dorrr S'.ivi words a minute through the
comparatively short cable irom Casno to
New York.
■ ♦ »
Taken at Her Word.
"Mrs. F. J. Gillington-Giggs is awfully
mail at the newspapers; she says they
tr---;up<l her so shabbily.
"Did they? Such a prominent society
woman, too."
"Yes; she tod them they must not say
anything abrjt her reception, and they
didn't."— Philadelphia Bulletin.
STATEMENT
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF AMERICA
OF NEW YORK, IN THE STATE OF
New York, -on the 3!st day of December,
A. D. IS9B, and for the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State ■of California, pursuant to the
provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Politi-
cal Code, condensed as p*r blank furnished
by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash $200.000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company....
Loan 3 on Bonds and Mortgages....
Cash Market Value of all Stock and
Bonds owned by Company $507,000 00
Amount of Loans secure! by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and oth»r mar-
ketable securities as collateral
Cash in Company's Office
Cash in Banks 46,405 82
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 4.20S 33
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 36.552 63
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks, In- :
ternal Revenue Stamps 24 35
Rents due and accrued
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid..
Total assets $594,221 U
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $8,24100
Losses In process of Adjustment or In
Suspense 24,235 00
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 250 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks Run- - : -r."-,y .
ning one year or less. $172,462 90;
reinsurance m) per cent 86,231 45
Gross premiums on Fire Risks Run-
ning more than one year, $43. US 77;
reinsurance pro rata 29,842 5$
Grnss premiums on Marine and In-
land Naviratlon Risks, $6385 76; re-
insurance 100 per cent 6,305 76
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, ; reinsurance 50 p*r
cent
All other demands against the Com-
pany 19,373 23
Total liabilities $172,479 02
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $157,245 84
Net Cash actually • received for
Marine premiums 6,634 PS
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgage
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources 23,112 43
Received for Rents
Total Income ■■ $186,934 23
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $ . losses of pre-
vious years) $134,808 14
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(Including — ; , losses of pre-
vious years) 14.905 27
Dividends to Stockholders 30,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
- Brokerage 62,534 43
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 475 00
Paid for State. National and local
taxes 6.579 SO
All other payments and expenditures 2,961 20
Total expenditures.. $265,563 84
Fire. Marine.
Losses Incurred during
the year $141,024 14 $21.504 27
Risks and Premiums. j Fire Risks. j Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during - the
year $38,833,597 00 $344,312 12
Net amount of Risks ,
expired during the
year -. 60,884,635 00 ! 441.353 38
Net amount In force
December 31. 1595.... 1 21,655.109 00 215.881 «7
Risks and Premiums Mar. Risks. 'Premium!.
Net amount of Risks •
written during the
year $327,117 00 $13,352 88
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year ! 923.79100 53. 125 06
•■Jet amount in force
December 31. 1595.... 143,036 00 6.306 76 "
ROBERT C. RATHBONE. Prest.
R. BLEEKER RATHBONE, Secy.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this
27th day of January. 1599.
GEO. O. RLGER. Notary Public
WINFIELD S. DAVIS,
GENERAL AGENT,
:213 SANSOMEST.,
BAN FRANCISCO.
TELEPHONE MAIN 5968
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
WESTERN |
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF TORONTO. IN THE DOMINION OF
Canada, on the 31st day cf December, A.
D. IS9B, and for the year ending on that day,
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of th« •
State cf California, pursuant to the provisions j
I of Sections 618 and €11 of the Political Code,
! condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner. .
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash
ASSETS.
| Real Estate owned by Company
i Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 820.000 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
i and. Bonds owned by Company 1,263,140 15
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral —
I Cash In Company's Office 113 33
: Cash In Banks 181,299 66
i Interest due and accrued on all
i Stocks and Loans
j Interest due and accrued on Bonds
i and Mortgages — ;...;.". .'....
} Premiums In due Course of Collection 202,958 03
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 47,309 78
Rents due and accrued
Due from other companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid..
Total Assets ..81,684.870 89
LIABILITIES. ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid 882,697 64!
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 68,325 64
Losses resisted. Including expenses... 14,049 16
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- 1
ning one year or less, |5i3.630 00;
reinsurance 50 per cent 474.815 00
{ Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning DON than on year, 8638, S3
reinsurance pro rata .. 342,145 11
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks. 850,877 21;
reinsurance 100 per cent 60,877 21
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $17,296 21; reinsurance 50 per
cent 8,84810
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 30,954 23
Total Liabilities ..31.074.51170
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums : $1,380. 686 51
Net Cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums 280,570 OS
' Received for Interest on Bonds and
Montages 8.11« 23
Received for interest and dividends
| on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
I all other sources 48,598 63
! Received for Rents ." j
Total Income ..31.7Q*.8» 85 i
EXPENDITURES. — ~
', Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding 3 losses of pre-
vious years) 8888,147 55
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
including $ , losses of pre-
vious years i 246.E98 61
Dividends to Stockholders
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 308,257 56 i
; Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, -etc 61,858 00
i Paid for State, National and local
taxes 48.48124
All other payments and expenditures 146,582 86
Total Expenditures .31.685. 905 82 i
Loews incurred during the year, . .8847,378 77 j
Losses incurred during the year, ma-
rine 269,305 14
Risks and Premiums. iFire Risks. J Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
i ■written during the
year 8162,181,141 81.728,599 25
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year , 140.744.979 L 787 .669 50
i Net amount in force!
December 31. IK'S...! 160.065.449 1.591.712 53
i Risks and Premiums. (Mar. Risks. Premiums.
! Net amount of Risks
written during the
year j 835,874,054 8306,57123
• Net amount of Risks;
expired - during the »
year ...„ 86,913,877; 817,524 08
Net amount In force
December 31. 1555..... 4.128,465 , 68.173 48
~™ 3. 3. KENNY. Vlc« President.
C. C. FOSTER. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 24th
day of January. 1599.
V,'. B. RAYMOND. Notary Public
DAVIS & WATSON, |
GEISBRAL AGENTS,
322 PINE STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
MAGDEBURG FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MAGDEBURG, IN THE EMPIRE OF
Germany, on the 31st day of December, A.
D 1898, and for the year ending on that day,
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital stock, paid up In
Cash 8750,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company ,^JJ? "
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 1.211,031 33
' Cash Market Value of all Stocks _n3
Bonds owned by Company 1,1j8,459 II
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
: or Bonds. Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 78.750 00
Cash In Company's Office 1*.»8 H
Cash in Banks 22*«4 79
i Interest due and accrued on all
| Stocks and Loans IT.V"* I.8i« 6«
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
■■ tj on •• •.••• 182.814 «
Due from other companies for rein- *
Burance 607.327 64
Total Assets 85.108.481 43
LIABILITIES
Losses in process of Adjustment or _
In Suspense 539,529 78
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one - ear or less. 8 ; •
reinsurance SO per cent 1.598,239 71
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
■ ning more than one year. $ : _.___.
reinsurance pro rata. 274.555 77
! Cash dividends remaining unpaid.... 2.900 00
All other demands against the Com-
, pany 216.317 75
Total Liabilities 82.631.543 08
INCOME.
i Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums • 8».8«.1J5 72 t
I Received for intend on Bonds and
Mortgages ••••••••■■••;• 47.280 IS
! Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from '
all other sources.. 89.739 54
Received from all other sources 68.385 18
Total Income 84,023.530 60 |
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $Sin.l9o 98. losses of pre-
vious years) 82, 594, 78
: Dividends to Stockholders 312.500 00
'. Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage .". -.■•- '769.774 14
1 Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for of fleers, clerks, etc.... 212.249 6« j
1 Paid for State. National and local
j taxes - 75.13188!
! All other payments and expendi-
! tures 143.905 M
* Total Expenditures 34.108.168 30
Losses Incurred during the year, f1re.82.594.606 78
EMIL F. MIETHKE. Vice President.
RUDOLF BERNDT. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 7th
day of April, 1839.
HENRY M. DIEDERICH. U. S. Consul at
Magdeburg. j '>yyv^
GUTTE & FRANK,
MANAGERS.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT;
303 CALIFORNIA ST.,
BAN FRANCISCO. CAL. j
ADVERTISEMENTS.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
ATE/WENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
| TRANSATLANTIC FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG. GERMANY, ON THE 313T
day of December, A. D. I*9B. and for th«
year ending on that day. as made to the In-
! surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
: nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections 610
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash
- ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.....
Leans on Bonds and Mortgages
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds s owned by company 8627, 05S ft
! Amount of Loans secured by pledge
! of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
i ketable securities as collateral....
j Cash in company's office 1.887 11
Cash in banks U. 787 85
: Certificates of deposits in hands of
United States Trustees 18.412 70
Interest • d-ne and accrued on bonds
and stocks 10.007 it
Premiums in due course of collection.. 74.#13 43
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken .
for Fire and Marine Risks
' Rents due and accrued
Due from other Companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid...
Total assets ...8781.i«l 73
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid 8 1,828 M
Losses in process of adjustment or In
j suspense 18-.421 OJ
I Losses resisted. including expenses.... 6.112 M
Gross premiums on fire risks running
one year or lees, 8877, SIS 99; rein-
1 euranee 50 per cent 138,960 M
! Gross premiums on fire risks running
more than one year, 8212. 319 43; re-
insurance pro rata 155,271 48,
Gross premiums on Marine and la-
land Navigation Risks, — ■ ;
reinsurance 100 per cent.....
Gross premiums on Marine Tim*
Risks, 8 ; reinsurance 50
per cent ■
Total liabilities ...,8»?2,293 «4
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for *>• „__ —
premiums |54*,7t1 a
Net Cash actually received for
Marine premiums
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages •
Received for Interest and dividends oa
I bonds, stocks, loans, and from ail
! other sources tr-?H '5
Received from ail other sources H. 805 45
Total Income .68M,295_71
EXPENDITURE*.
Net amount paid for fire losses (In-
cluding I losses of previous
years) $322,438 «
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(Including 8 , losses of pre-
vious years)
Dividends to Stockholders
Paid or allowed for commisiion or •
brokerage •••- 143.408 ta
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 81,453 18
! Paid for State, national and local
l taxes 9,212 19
■ All otjer payments and expenditures.. 44,389 88
Total expenditures .8550.902 08
! Losses Incurred during the year, fire. .3329.528 49
I Risks an! Premiums. .Fire Risks. ' Prerp'Tima.
j Net amount of risks]
:ear ten .. dUrinK .. the : 866.608,654" *71».04S 77
Net amount of ' risks .
V^mount^forcei "- 2 * 511 ™ ** "
" December 31. 1398 i 80.716.122 590.259 42
ADOLPH LOEB. U. S. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 26U»
day of A^iw-^ FOOTE, Notary PuWlc
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT!
218 SANSOME STREET,
BAN FRANCISCO. CAfc.
V. CAIUS DRIfFIELD, Manager
H. DANKER, Assistant Manager.
STATEMENT
— THE— — ':
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
' OF THE
STANDARD MARINE
INSURANCE COMPANY, LIMITED,
OF LIVERPOOL. ENGLAND, ON THE SIST
day of December. A. D. IS9B, and for tha
year ending on that day, as made. to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia pursuant to the Provisions of Sections 610
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed .as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner: .
CAPITAL. v •'''
Amount of Capital Stock, paM op la
Cash • 8800,000 00
ASSETS. ~~
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and _
Bonds owned by Company ...41.241.C56 00
Amount of Loans secured by pled*»
of Bonds. Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 4.000 M
Cash in Banks.... •- •- 184,724 00
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans.. ■■■■ . 14,106 W
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
Uon 138,335 00
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 7.81J 00
Stamps on hand 1.032 00
Total Assets ...31,»41.1O1 00
LIABILITIES.
Losses In process of Adjustment <«_„.•„
in Suspense .••■- ■•••■-■ 8209.150 M
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks. 8 ;
reinsurance 100 per cent 144,675 M
j All other demands against the Com-
pany •• Z7.062 M
Total Liabilities 8380.777 00
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Ma- •
rine premium? ;:■.;■ 8518,185 °°
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans and from ■<-.■■£. -
all other sources 87,551 00
Total Income • 8555.736 00
EXPENDITURES. •
N>t amount paid for Marine Losses. 8418.726 00.
Dividends" to Stockholders 50.000 09
i Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
I charges for officer*, clerks, etc.... W. 546 90
Paid for State. National ana local ..,_,-
taxes - •• •;• 6,996 10
All other payments and expend!-
tures » zz. on
Total Expenditures 8516.795 00
i . Marine.
Losses Incurred during the year 8462,351 00
Risks ana Premiums. Mar. Risks. j Premiums.
Net amount of 'Risks
Un ....^ a .L. tb . e 879.583.845 8468.102 00
Net amount of Risks ■>./:
I year"^...^""..^; 80.886.195 472.922 »
December 81. 1998. ...| 8.183.615 144.575 00
J. WILLIAMSON. President.
JOHN GICK. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this id
day of February, 1593. W. J. SULI3.
j day of February. 1S». U. B, Vies Consul.
J. D. SPRECKELS BROS. CO.,
GENERAL- AGENTS,
J. B. F. DAVIS & SON, MANAGERS,
215 SANSOME ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
| TELEPHONE MAIN S9QB.
| Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THE!
great Mexican remedy; give* health an 4
I •trengta to ihuiJ organ*. Depot. 838 Market.
1920
HALE BROS.
k B^l^ )%? twice a year our milliner makes a —bringing back with her the best and & a ?'.' |
I™ nKifNFft R7 iFNTHFRir W>^ pilgrimage to New York, where the 'Sf^^Y^L . the latest in Paris pattern hats, trim- BY MARESCOT SOEURSj _^
\&l unmntD D 7 LtriiH ' jfij j designers of the old world and the new : l^Wso^^&&t\ '" if ' mings and novelties, the result of nat- m&M 8 ■ .-* ' C &^mmJBt>_
fe^^^C^^'^l^A^Wij display their fancy's conjuring to meet A^^&\f&^^^^^^ ural taste » skilllul designing and careful ~ -
the decrees of fashion — XiP» {wzZz^^ti^^-^^^, selection is spread before you.
4 4 "~"^^*" + ■ — ■ +
ladies' neckwear
the fancy of French designers has run riot in
the production of fall neckwear; the latest
Paris novelties axe here.
net empire scarfs with pattern lace ends
75c, $1 00, $1 50 and $2 00
net empire scarfs with lace braid ends
$125, $150 and $2 00
black net scarfs with lace braid ends $175
white mull empire scarfs with lace braid ends
$150
raousseline-de-soie scarfs with renaissance
lace ends $125, $150, $2 00 and $2 75
stocks and four-in-hands, with wide ends;
made of chiffon and edged with imitation
duchease lace; tucked silk collar, with lace
jabot in white and light blue eaHi $2 50
liberty Bilk and velvet jabots in purple and
red each $2 50
stocks and bows of silk and lace insertion.. ..
each $2 50
fancy tucked stock and cascade of liberty
silk; trimmed with lace insertion; in white
only each $3 00
stocks and lace cascades with chiffon edging;
white only each $3 00
fancy velvet stocks with fancy Jabot; trim-
med with narrow ribbon; in cerise and
red $3 00
tucked collar with cascade of liberty pilk in
blue and white each $3 00
silk stock and bow, edged with lavi
lUt each $3 00 lace $1 00
description of 4 hats pictured above.
left Fide — Toque of old yellow felt left center — Hat made of white
faced with white maline tulle, ar- pressed felt, stitched with white silk
ranged into small tucks. Trimming of and trimmed with white silk and white
tucked old yellow silk, and white and plumes. The brim is faced with shirred
black feather aigrettes held by a hand- white tulle,
some steel buckle. right center — Evening toque of w r hite
right side — Toquet Henri 11, made of tulle veiled with black chantilly lace;
draped blue velvet; band of gold em- black feather aigrette and bow of rose-
broidery and pale blue plume attached colored moire ribbon at left side of
with a strass ornament. I turned up brim.
new vestings
our buyers spent a good deal of time and we
think' used excellent taste in selection — some
of the prettiest things we have ever im-
ported —
ecru point de Venice all-over vesting in ap-
plique designs yard $5 50
point de Venice all-over vesting in a variety
of patterns yard 90c to $3 50
Imitation black renaissance all-over yoking;
finished with Battenberg rings and silk em-
broidery dots yard $3 00
black applique chiffon; all-over silk embroid-
ery; a beautiful design yard $3 50
white satin, all-over with white silk braid.
gold-stitch a yard $4 00
a silk all-over; appliqued on point
d'esprit net; white, black and white on
black yard $5 00
SHIP ORIENTAL
NEARLY WRECKED
BY A LOG RAFT
Old Glory Served as a
Danger Signal.
DEATH OF CAPTAIN SCHRODER
PASSED AWAY SUDDENLY ON
STEAMER PRESIDENT.
John Goldstone's Hand Shattered by I
an Exploding Cracker — John
Reynolds, an Ex-Soldier,
Wanted.
There is a general Impression on the
water front that the big log raft has been
picked up again by the collier Czarina
and the tug Fearless, and Is on Its way
to port once more. On Friday morning
It was seen adrift in latitude 3S degrees
42 minutes north, longitude 124 degrees 9
minutes west by the ship Oriental. It
was then intact and an American flag was
flying <>n It. At 10 p. m. the same day
the steamer Greenwood passed what the
captain took to be the Czarina with the
raft in tow ten miles southwest of Point
Arena, while at 8 a. m. yesterday the
Pomona, on her way from Eureka, passed
what the captain thought to be the raft
In tow of the Fearless and Czarina. This
was about seven miles northwest of Point
Reyes, but as there was a dense fog at
the time the captain of the Pomona 1h
not certain It was the raft he passed. The
steamer he sighted, however, was blow-
At Studebaker's
Within a year a great change. Ever/ old
vehicle is gone. More New, Up-to-Date
BASKET PHAETONS .....
! PARK WAGONS
If VICTORIAS and CABRIOLETS
Than All Other Stores Combined.
BICYCLE-GEAR RUNABOUTS. Wagons in Many Styles.
New Things in Robes, Whips and Harness.
STUDEBAKER BROS.' MANUFACTURING CO.,
L F- WEAVER, M'gr. Market and Tenth Streets.
Hales.
baby clothes
Hale's outfits for the little tots — good gnods
for the youngest members of the family —
7800 pieces of new styles just in from the
East.
long dresses from 25c to $5.00
new styles at 50c; fine nainsook tucked yoke
with embroidery insertion and lace trimmed
collars and cuffs.
new styles at $1 00; fine nainsook yoke with
fine tucks and embroidery; lace trimmed;
sizes 1 to 3 years.
new styles at Jl 50; fine nainsook yoke of fine
tucks and embroidery and insertion; dainty
raffle at neck aifa sleeves; trimmed with
Valenciennes lace.
short dresses irom 50c to $9.00
three new styles at SI 00: fine nainsook yoke
and fine tucks, wide embroidery ruffle, col-
lar and cuffs of dainty embroidery; ages 1
to ?, years.
infants' cloaks from $1.25 to $15.00
n.w long and short coats at $3 00, made of
Bedford cord with large double collar,
beautifully trimmed with braid and ribbon.
infants' bonnets from 25c to $2.50
infants' cream white silk caps, handsomely
embroidered, lace pompons 50c
baby bonnets of fine white silk, all-over shir-
ring at sides and back, full ruche of
infants' complete outfits
we have several styles at different prices;
style A consists of IS pieces:
2 infants' slips embroidered yoke
'. each 50c, $100
1 whit? silk baby cap, full ruche 25
2 infants' slips, lace at neck, sleeves, 25c. 50
1 pair infants' white- mittens 15
1 fine nainsook slip, embroidered yoke... 100
2 honeycomb bibs, lace edge, 5c 10
1 infants' flannel band 13
1 hand-crocheted sacque 50
2 flannel pinning blankets, 75c 150
1 pair infants' booties 15
1 infants' flannel long skirt 100
2 knit shirts, 25c 50
1 10-yard piece cotton diapering, 24-ln 65
Price of entire outfit $7 43
Ing three whistles every few minutes to I
signify that it had a tow.
The ship Oriental is from Bristol Bay
and she had a narrow escape from the
raft. Had it not been for the American
flag flying from the end of it Captain
Parker is of the opinion that he would
have collided with it and perhaps sunk
his ship. There was nobody aboard the
raft and it was in good condition. The
Oriental was put about as booh as the
derelict was seen and just shaved the
mass of lumber a3 she answered her
helm.
The steamer President, alsg from Bristol |
Bay, picked the Uriental up off the light
ship and towed her in. Both vess< la came
in with their Hags at half-mast, as Cap
tain Schroder of the three-masted schoon
er Prosper died aboard the President at
6:20 a. in. on September 1. The captain
was taken sick at JKushagak, and turning
bis vessel over to the mate to bring down
took passage on the Pr< sident. The Ori
ental, President and Prosper are all of
the Alaska Packers' fleet, so Dr. Robin
son, one of the association's surgeons,
came down on the President to look after
Captain Schroder. Early on the morning
of September 1 he was taken with a
stroke of apoplexy and in Bpite of all the
doctor's care he died in a couple of hours.
The body was brought to San Francisco.
Captain Schroder was well known in San
Francisco and commanded vessels on the
coast for years.
The Oriental brought down 44,893 cases
of salmon frum Bristol Bay and the ship
America, which arrived about the same
time from Prince Williams Sound, brought
In 64,219 cases of salmon.
Some of the volunteer soldiers who came
home on the transport Sheridan are anx
iously lookii^g for a discharged soldier
named John Reynolds. About a half dozen
watches and some jewelry were missed
during the voyage from Manila, and Rey
nolds was suspected. He was placed un
der arrest, and yesterday Sergeant "Tom"
Mahoney of the harbor police was asked
to take him in charge. Mahoney said that
as the robbery occurred on the high seas
it was a ca.se for the United States Mar
shal. The latter could not bo found, as
it was a holiday, so Mahoney was again
sent for and he agreed to hold the pris
i ncr until Monday. However, when the
officers of the ship went to get Reynolds
he was missing, and a diligent search
failed to reveal any trace of him.
John Goldstone, a lumber clerk, lost
two of the fingers on hi.s left hand through
"a joke" played on him by a couple of
"friends" yesterday. The trio were In
Goldstone's room at 40 Spear street and
were examining a huge firecracker that
some one h#d given the lumber clerk.
After their curiosity had been satisfied
they went on talking and Goldstone stood
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1899.
HALE BROS.
fancy feathers, paradise aigrettes, plumes and breasts, combinations of dif-
ferent plumage; creations of French fancy in new soft effects, draped turbines
are very much the vogue.
dress goods and silks
BLACK CREPONS — the genius of French
designers has produced a revelation in black
blisters and bubbles; the swell fabric of to- j
day is a mohair or silk crepon; they come 42
Jn. wide at suit, $18 and $21 j
BLACK DIAGONALS— extra heavy goods, es- \
pecially adapted for swell tailored gowns: !
they meet the most exacting taste; full 50
In. wide; yard $1.50
BLACK CHEVIOTS — fall and winter cos-
tumes will be largely made of those soft-
surfaced, non-shrinkable fabrics; they come;
in two widths; full 50 in. wide yard $1 60
full 56 in. wide yard $2 00
DIAGONALS— the fall shadings are large in J
number and take in all the soft pastel ef- 1
fects and standard colors; an elegant fabric
for tailored gowns suit $7 50:
VENETIAN CLOTH — extremely heavy, of
fine finish, closely woven, in popular colors !
for fall; full 50 in. wide yard $1 50
BROADCLOTH— the art of dyeing has reached
a high point in the colors for fall wear; the'
new shades of mulberry, cyrano, new reds,
new grays, new blues and modes mako this
finely finished fabric a very desirable mate- j
rial; 50 in. wide yard $150;
BLACK PEAU DE SOlE— this is a very pop-
ular silk for autumn wear, for full skirts
and separate skirts; 20 in. wide, $1 25 yard; i
21 in. wide yard $150,
TAFFETA, in plain colors— some 62 shades.
taking in all the new and popular tints, in-
cluding some elegant purples; 19 in. wide.. ..
yard 75c
FANCY SlLKS— Pompadour efforts in end-
less shades of new fall colorings for fancy j
waists; 21 in. wide ....yard $150
COLORED VELVETS — a superior quality,
in nil the new shades of purple, fuchsia, piv-
oine, cerise, eminence and jacqueminot !
yard $100'
935-937-939-941-943-945-947 Market Street.
SERVICES THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES.
<»> First Baptist. Eddy street, near Jones—
's* Rev. E. A. Woodß.
4 .
<•> Emmanuel Baptist, Bartlett street— Rev.
•$> J. George Gibson.
<8> '
<♦> Hamilton Square Baptist, Post street, near
<§> Stelner— Rev. W. C. Jenkins.
<:,
4> St. Mary's (Paulist), Dupont and California
■•> streets— Rev. Father Wyman.
♦
<3> ,
<J> St. Ignatius. Van Neia avenue and Hayes
<•> street — Fathers.
I
<£ !
<•> St. Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue and
<i> O'Karrell street— Rev. Father Prender
<*> gast. V. O.
<S>
<£> Richmond Congregational, corner Seventh
<•> avenue and Clement — Rev. Philip
<|> Coombe.
♦
4, __
•y Olivet Congregational, Seventeenth and Noe
<$> streets— Rev. H. T. Shepard.
*> __^
4> Third Congregational, Fifteenth street, near
4> Mission— Rev. William Rader.
.-i, — — — — — — — — — — — —^_ — _____
<$> St. Luke's, Van Ness avenue and Clay
<«> street— Rev. D. Claybom Garret t, rector.
4> ::V ■
<s> _
<♦> Bethany, Bartlett street, near Twenty-fifth
<i> —Rev. W. C. Pond.
<•>
I •
<§> Trinity, Bush and Goug-h streets— Rev. H.
<•> S. Hanson.
<$> _
A. A. M. E. Zion, SOS Stockton «treet— Rev.
4> T. Brown.
<5> ■
■j> Howard M. E., between Third and Second—
'*> Rev. John A. B. Wilson.
with his hands behind his back holding 1
the bomb. One of the friends went be
hind him and put a lighted match to the
fuse of the cracker, the result being an
explosion that broke the windows in tho
room and shattered Goldstone's hand.
The schooner Anna is on the drydock for
an overhauling. On her last voyage to
the codlish banks she sprung- a leak and
very nearly went down with all hands.
The boiler-makers engaged on the Gov
ernment transports have followed the ex
ample of the carpenters and now refuse
to work more than eight hours a day.
Hitherto they have worked nine hours and
have been paid for ten. Now they will
only work eight hours and demand the
pay for ten hours. There will be no strike,
as the employers will pay the extra money
sooner than delay the work.
The steamer San Juan arrived from
Panama and way ports Friday night. She
was delayed owing to a break-down in
the machinery. The San Juan brought up
seven cabin, six steerage and three Chi
nese passengers.
Court Golden West.
Last Thursday nig-ht Court Golden "West
I of the Foresters of America tendered a
! reception in the social hall of the Shicla
! building to fifteen Forester soldiers.
I There were present about 400 members
I of the order, who were entertained with
I an interesting programme of music, songs,
I recitations and stories of the war. A
1 g-ood collation, refreshments and pipes and
I tobacco were furnished to all who wished.
Rev. Mr. Stebbins' Anniversary.
The First Unitarian Church celebrates
this morning the thirty-fifth anniversary
of the ministry of Rev. Horatio Stebbins.
It is expected that Dr. Stebbins will be
present and take part in the services.
Rev. W. B. Geoghcgan and Rev. A. J.
Wells are also expected to be present.
Foresters' Entertainment.
On the night of Wednesday, the 27th
inst., there will be an entertainment and
ball in Union-square Hall, given under the
auspices of all the local courts of the An
cient Order of Foresters, in aid of th© 1900
jubilee fund.
HALE BROS.
tailored gowns and cloaks
ladies' tailor-made suits of fine imported royal
blue broadcloth; jacket double-breasted;
taffeta silk linr-d and fancy front; habit
back skirt with scalloped tunic effect; taf-
feta silk lined throughout; the cut, finish
and make of this suit will meet the expecta-
tion of the most fastidious $57 50
ladies' tailor-made suits of fine imported black
Venetian cloth; double-breasted jacket; taf-
feta silk lined and trimmed with Persian
lambs' fur; reveres, handsomely braided;
new habit-back skirt; taffeta silk lined
throughout $40
ladies' tailor-made suits of fine brown home-
spun; double-breasted jacket; taffeta silk
lined; coat sleeves; habit-back skirt; taffeta
silk lined throughout each $35 00
ladies' tailor-made Fkirts; separate skirts of
fine imported black broadcloth with fancy
yoke; stitched top and flare bottom; bound
and trimmed; the latest effect each $22 50
ladies' gray, black and navy homespun chev-
iot suits; fly-front jackets, lined with silk;
skirt well lined with percaline each $10 00
ladies' tan kersey cloth capes; triple scalloped
band trimming; high rolling collar; finely
tailored; taffeta silk lined; the season's lat-
est each $27 50
ladies' tan kersey cloth six-button, dip front
jacket; strap Beams and coat sleeves; taffeta
silk lined throughout each $10 00
children's jackets of fine mixed cheviot, with
large cape; trimmed with combination cloth j
in red. brown and green mixed; sizes 4 to 14
each $5 00
ladies' hose
ladies' black cashmere hose, in light or heavy
weight, sizes B',£ to 10; 3 pairs for $10*0
ladies' imported English cashmere hose, extra!
heavy double heels, toes and soles; S l / 2 to 10
pair 50c
Morning— Fiftieth anniversary, with special <?>
services morning and evening. ' •$>
— — 1 <£.
Morning— "The Veil of the Temple." Even- <»
ing— "The Nobleman's* Faith." <«>
— — , <i>
Morning— "lt Might Have Been." Even- <$>
ing— "Narrowness. " &
Morning— Father Wyman will preach at 11 <$•
o'clock mass. Evening— Father McCourt <$•
will preach at the vespers. ■ <$>
— — — <j,
Morning— Rev. Father Culligan will preach <$>
at the 10:30 mass. Evening— Rev. Father <$>
Sasla will deliver the sermon in the even- <*>
Ing after vespers. <$>
Morning— Sermon at 10:30 mass by one of. <•>
the Fathers. — Vespers and sex- ■$>
mon. <|>
— <£
Morning— A young minister of the Mlnne- <$>
eota regiment Is expected to preach. <J>
Evening— Rev. J. R. Knodell will deliver a $
lecture. <J>
— — — — <j>
Morning— "Social Tyrannies." Evening— ■$>
"Justice and National Life." <$>
— — -— —^— — — __^_— — ___
Morning— "The Light of the World." Even- 4>
ing— "The Gospel of Jonah." A
Morning— Holy communion at 8; prayer and: <?>
sermon at 11. Evening— Prayer and ser- <«>
mon. <§>
— — — <$>
Morning— "The Church as the Household of <$>
God and the Home of the Soul." Even- <»>
Ing— Fourth lecture on "Pilgrim's Prog- 4>
ress," "From the Interpreter's House to <•>
the. House Beautiful." • <S>
— — — — _• <s>
Morning— Prayer and sermon at 11. Even- <?>
Ing — Prayer at 4. <$>
— — — — — — <$>
Morning— "Jesus the Light of the World." <$>
Evening— "The Possessing of Canaan." <$>
— — <$>.
Morning— Sermon by Rev. Dr. J. H. Wythe <8>
of Eureka. Evening— Sermon by Rev. W. <$>
P. Grant of Ferndale. <»
MRS. TINGLEY MAKES
ANSWER TO ENEMIES
LEADER OF THE UNIVERSAL
BROTHERHOOD WRITES.
Tho Brilliant Lady Discusses Her
Travels and Dwells on One Who
Hounded Mr. Judge to
Death.
A grarbled extract ot a letter written by-
Mrs. Katherlne A. Tingley appeared re
cently in on© of the morning papers and
put a wrong construction on statements
made by her In a private letter published
in London in the Crusader, and not the
New Century, as stated. It is claimed
that those investigating the statements
referred to have been engaged in an ef
fort to injure the movement of the Uni
versal Brotherhood, of which Mrs. Tingley
is the leader. The following letter writ
ten by Mrs. Tingley and published in the
Crusader shows that the aspersions made
by those people that she was using power
to destroy them is "cruel and false as it
is absurd":
OMAHA, Jun« », 1899.
To the Members of the U. B.:
Dear Comrades — I am sure you will be glad
to hear what a splendid solidarity and devotion
I am discovering among the lodges through
out the country. As I pass from place to place
It becomes more and more evident to me that
the trials and experiences of the past two years
have resulted In a remarkable purifying and
strengthening of our ranks. A more imper
sonal and truly brotherly spirit is especially
manifested by the real workers toward those
who have made mistakes and lost sight of their
duty. It is realized more and more clearly
that harm is done to our sacred cause by sus
taining erring members in their weakness and
folly, instead of maintaining a firm attitude
in defense of our great principles.
So great Is the expansion of our field of
work that I have been compelled again and
again to remodel the Itinerary In order to In
clude places where on« or two have worked
devotedly for years, and have spread the prin
ciple* more, perhaps, than many a prosperous
HALE BROS.
ladies' knit underwear
our improved styles of underwear for fall;
they are right up to the standard of Hale's
good goods.
ladles' union suits, heavy weight, natural grray
color, covered seams, pearl buttons, silk cro-
chet finish across the front and around the
neck, the kind that buttons across the
shoulders:
good heavy fleeced cotton suit 45c
good heavy weight; one-third wool.. suit 75c
good heavy weight; one-half wool.. suit $1.00
equestrienne drawers of black ribbed wool,
heavy weight, fine quality, ankle or knee
lengths, open or closed each $1.00
sanitary underwear; ladles' pure Australian
wool vests and pants in natural gray color,*
heavy, soft and warm, very closely knitted
and nicely finished with flat covered seams,
silk-bound neck and front, pearl buttons,
size 30 to 42 each $1.25
bed furnishings
150 pairs of wool white blankets; double-bed
size; a blanket that sold readily for $4.50 a
pair; but we shall not carry them after
this lot is sold, so we offer them as an ex-
cellent value for hotel and family use
at pair $3.75
all-wool white blankets, with Jacquard bor-
ders in blue, pink and red: in two sizes —
63x81 pair $5 00 | 72x90 pair $6 00
white all-wool blankets of California make;
fine, soft fleeced wool; silk-bound; pink and
blue borders; for single and double beds —
70x80 pair $500 72x84 pair $7 00
70x82 pair $600 74x86 pair $8 00
a better grade of blankets pair $10 and $20
bleached muslin sheets of good quality, with
2-inch hem; ready for use —
single-bed size, 63x90 each 40c
double-bed size, 81x90 each 50c
40 dozen hemstitched pillow cases of fine
quality muslin; hemmed and neatly finished
45x36 each 15c | 50x36 each 17c
54x36 each 19c.
napkins
45 dozen bleached napkins; soft-finish linen
of German manufacture — the kind hotel and
lodging-house keepers should buy; 18x18;
the $135 quality dozen $1 IS
20x20 inch, the $150 quality dozen $135
Trinity Presbyterian, Twenty-third and
Capp streets — Rev. Alexander K. Carson.
Stewart Memorial U. P., Guerrero street,
near Twenty-third— Rev. W. E. Dugan.
Memorial Presbyterian, Eighteenth and
Railroad avenue— Rev. Herbert N. Bevler.
Calvary Presbyterian, Powell and Geary
streets — Rev. John Hemphlll.
Franklin Street Presbyterian, corner Frank
lin and Vallejo streets— Rev. David Jamas.
Westminster Presbyterian, Webster and
Pa*e streets— Rev. E. H. Avery. D.D.,
pulpit supply.
First United Presbyterian, corner Golden
Gate avenue and Polk street— Rev. H. H.
Bell.
First English Lutheran, 1319 Geary street —
Rev. Dr. E. Nelander.
First Unitarian. Geary and Franklin streets
—Rev. Dr. Stebbins, minister emeritus.
First Church of Christ. Scientist, 223 Sutter
street, between Kearny and Grant avenue
—The Bible and Science and Health, with
Key to the Scriptures.
Theosophical Society— Odd Fellows' build
ing.
T. M. C. A., Mason and Ellis streets— H.
J. McCoy, secretary.
New Jerusalem (Swedenborgian). IG2S
O'Farrell street— Rev. D. V. Bowen.
First Divine Science, Yosemlte Hall, Native
Sons' building-. Mason street, between
Geary and Post — M. E. Cramer, pastor.
lodge. In one such case a single member filled
the Courthouse of her city with a highly repre
sentative and Intelligent audience at barely
twenty-four hours' notice, the result being the
Immediate formation of a lodge.
Now you will not be disappointed that but
few particulars of this work appear in the
New Century, for you fully understand how
carefully I have to guard names and localities.
In order to protect the work from the at
tacks of Its enemies.
One very beautiful Instance of a calm, un
swerving trust especially touched me. In a
most promising 1 'Western city, although only six
had left the work, it was represented by cer
tain persons that the lodge was dead; yet
among those who had remained faithful I dis
covered one of the most beautiful souls In our
movement— a saint-like old lady over eighty
years of age, one of the old pioneers who had
for the past fifteen years sustained the work,
helping with all her means the publication of
; the Secret Doctrine and other important work.
I In the absence of sufficient light when troubles
came, she simply said "I trust absolutely in
the great lodge and Its representatives, and I
! am Bure that I shall not be overlooked." Thu»
i it became my happy privilege to meet this
beautiful soul and give her the help she needed.
Since then I have met three people who are
going to that city and will join her and her
comrades in forming a strong lodge. When I
sent Mr. Hanson ahead to engage a hall in
that city nothing was known of her, but the
man with whom he negotiated interviewed him
from the balcony of the very house in which
she lived. Thus the work is guided and cared
for all the time.
Swift and terrible, on the other hand. Is the
action of the law on those who have deserted
and turned against the work. One of them fell
dead in the street at Flushing — the place where
so many vile plots were hatched— and close to
the house where the child of another traitor
was burned alive, onl'- a partition separating
it from the arch traitor, then seated in his
private office. Not far off, at Staten Island,
the son of yet another was arrested on sus
picion of shooting a boy. These things are no
idle chances, but are terribly slgniflcent of the
sacredness and responsibility attaching to the
duties we have undertaken. No more awful
"dweller on the threshold" exists than that of
the renegade Theosophist, and it is time that
this is realized.
But the other side of the picture Is propor
tionately bright and beautiful. The ever
growing unity and trust must be a constant
Inspiration and encouragement to all my true
hearted comrades— our success— our success
— what better proof of it than the way It is
stirring up the enemy to pour forth their vlle«t
calumnies. Witness the case of one who, in
my opinion, helped to persecute Mr. Judge to
HALE BROS. |
what is worn
fur is a feature for turbines; tucks and shirrings are very much used; ma-
lines are also much in evidence; velvet roses in pastel tints are popular; Btrass
buckles are among the popular novelties.
reseda, murier, phedre, argent, beige, castor and oriental blues, with end-
less &otft pastel tints, make up the colorings.
Morning— "A Resume of the Past Two <^
Years of Present Pastorate." Evening— <*>
"Small Sins Dangerous." J>
Morning— "Weedy Hearted Christians." <$•
Evening— "Eternity In the Heart of Man.' <|>
Morning— "Thou Shalt See Greater Things 4
Than These." Evening— "Let Him Who <*>
Loves Me Follow Me." ♦
—— — <S»
Morning— Sermon by pastor and special <♦>
music. Evening— "Apparent Defeat Real <•>
Victory." . <j>
Morning— Thomas Day. D.D., of San %>
Anselmo Seminary will preach. Evening <*►
—Same. ' ♦
— — <$>
Morning— "Darkness and Light." Evening <«>
—"Following the Master." <§>
<$>
«>
•Morning— "The Believer's Photograph." <£
Evening— "Tour Thoughts, Tongue, Time <•>
and Temptations." <£
_ — — «$►
Morning— "The Unbinding of Lazarus." <$>
Evening— "Esther In Shushan." <?>
_ — — <$>
Morning— Thirty-fifth anniversary of Dr. <»>
Stebbins 1 ministry; addresses by Rev. A. <?>
Wille and Rev. W. B. Geoghegan. <$>
_ — &
Morning— "Matter." <?>
<$>
Evening— "Theosophy and Common Sense.," <$>
by W. — '. Ducey. ♦
_ _ <g»
Afternoon— by Rev. L. J. Garver. <J>
Subect, "Silas Marner, or the Transform- <$>
ing Power of Love." <*>
( __ _ __ <£>
I Morning— "The Tower of Babel." Evening <$>
1 —No service. <^
I __ <J>
I Morning— Services at 11; "Be Still and <s>
I Know." ♦
death, and Is now flooding the country with a
rehash of all the old trash and unspeakable
nuh. Their very bitterness shows how doeper
ate they feel at tho resistless growth and suc
cess of the movement, which spells death to
them. Let us take warning from these awful
examples and realize that the unfaithfulness
of a single member may shut out hundreds of
souls who are waiting to partake in this glor
ious work.
There are many, many things that I would
like to say If I had time, but you need not
therefore stand still. Work for the children,
and find the great joy that awaits you in
arousing the Innocent and pure qualities of
their child-like natures. It will illumine all
your Brotherhood work and bring you nearer
to the heart of the movement, which Is the
place of peace and the home of us all. Fra
ternally yours, KATHERINE TINGLEY.
TRYING TO FILCH TRADE.
Wholesalers' league Complains of
Action of Non-Subscribers.
The Manufacturers' and "Wholesalers'
League Is pleased over the success of the
first expedition of merchants and buy
ers from the country-. Inducements were
made to the Pacific Coast buyers to come
to this city to make their purchases of
goods, instead of sending to the East, and
the first lot consisted of about sixty visit
ors. These arrived on Monday on the
Ogden special, and yesterday the whole
lot were registered at the heauquarters
in the city Board of Trade rooms at 202
Market street. The gratifying -eature is
that the wholesalers have been able to
reach so far to the East as Montana,
Colorado and T'tah, and north to Wash
ington and Idaho. From all accounts
the visitors are making liberal purchases
here, and their verdict is that they can
make as good bargains in Snn Francisco
as elsewhere. Besides this they hare the
pleasure of a vacation, railroad fares at
half-rates for themselves and families,
reduced charges for board while here and
amusement in the theaters at half-price.
Since they have been here the officers ,
of the league have been annoyed at at- ]
tempts made by non-members trying to j
secure the trade of the visitors, thus de- |
priylng those who are standing the ex- i
periae of the venture of their legitimate .
L business. Scores of letters to tha people I
HALE BROS.
lace curtains
here is something hotel and lodging-house
keepers cannot afford to overlook; any
housekeeper would profit by an inspection:
580 pairs ecru and white, 3 s s yds long, pair $1 00
210 pairs ecru and white, 3Mi yds long, pair $1 25
289 pairs ecru and white, 3H yds long, pair $1 50
156 pairs ecru and white, 3% yds long, pair $2 (>0
180 pairs ecru and white, S l^ yds long, pair $2 50
108 pairs ecru and white, 3% yds long, pair $3 00
flannels and flannelettes
new wrapper flannels; twilled surface in red,
solid blue, brown and lavender; patterns of
dots and stripes, 34 inches wide. yard 16 2-3 c
new fleecy flannelettes in light and medium
colors; stripes and checks and large variety
of patterns yard 7c
25 cases flannelette of very heavy quality in
pretty, light colors; striped and checked
patterns; well fleeced yard 8 l-3c
chinaware
good tableware at very little prices; Johnson
Brothers' celebrated English semi-porcelain
ware in the well-known Watland pattern:
8-in. dinner plates each 10c
8-in. soup plates each 10c
7-in. breakfast plates each 9c
6-in dessert plates each T'-c
5-in. bread and butter plates each S\ic
4-in. fruit plates each 4c
Watland handled teacups each lie
Watland handled coffee cups each 12^c
6-in. bakers each 15c
7-in. bakers each 20c
8-in. bakers each 35c
9-in. bakers each 40c
platters in the following sizes and prices:
7-in 12c 12-in 45c
8-in 15c 14-in 60c
9-in 17c | 16-in 90c
10-in 25c
covered butterdishes each 50c
sauce boat each 25c
pickle dish each 17c
oyster bowl 3 each 10c
milk jug 15c
7-in. covered vegetable dish 60c
8-in. covered vegetable dish 65c
9-in. soup tureen $162
sugar bowl 35c
teapot 45c
2-qt. water jug 50c
from abroad fmm these interlopers ara
received at headquarters. When their
contents -were made known the office re
fused to receive them and by the time the
letters go through the dead letter office
at Washington the visitors will have
gone. The next excursion starts on the
&th from Albuquerque on the Santa Fe,
and El Paso on the Southern Pacific.
These trains will pick up passengers and
coaches all along the route from nearly
every town and city in the lower part
of the State. It is believed that this ex
cursion will be very large.
| "THE CREDIT HOUSE"
Six Stories High
: Solid Oak Hall Rack.)
Boldly carved, large, bevel :
plate mirror: roomy seat- 1
box; 7 feet high; graceful,
proportions. Would lend!
an air of hospitality to!
yourhaM $750
Hall racks richly carved, up to $110. '
Sofa cushions, creton covered an 1 !
ruffled; variety of patterns. Make<
some comfort and rest in the hardest 1
spot, 50c. ]
Sheets, spreads and shams that will <
please the careful buyer.
If not ready to buy now, will be'
just as ple.ised to show you our house-]
hold necessities and decorations. <
CARPET DEPARTMENT J
I Matting Remnants— 2or to 40c qual- <
1 itv, 10 cents a yard. No need to neglect J
[entry, hall or odd room; bring.measure-*
I ments. 1
[ After selecting a carpet leave the!
[rest to us. Out* Electric Carpet Sew- 1
ling Machine insures quick, good sew!
I ing— better tr»an handwork; 3000 yards 1
1 daily capacity insures prompt delivery. '
j Freedellvery. Oakland. Alaraeda. Berkeley \
M FRIEDMAN & CO.,
I 233 to 237 Post St.
) Open evenings Near StocktonSUNDAY CALL
MAGAZINE SECTION
SEPT 10 TH
SOCIETY
SWELL TO PAUPER
"T X T;TiQ,\(cnl<l believe that in ruch
I (\ I a place, as tha Alameda COUn
« * nifled name for \\\t slke or th«
man whose story 1 am going
mere are lives that read like a
novel, romances that put modern fla
■ o shame.
In this most pathetic and abject
•:' , :■, is a man. who, though 11 v
. . mong the flotsam and jetsam of
humanity, is yet apart from them all —
es much above and distinct from thorn
».i a class as a lone pine is abova the
and chaparral at Its-base.
A gent'eman by birth, education and
environment; he has known and had tha
very best life has to offer. He has not
merely tasted, but drained )if;:'3 most
royal pleasures; now ho drains tha
di ■ •-. The hero and applaudod favor
•■ the hour, the curtain now rings
'• :. on this sad scene, thia pathetio
ending of his life's dreams.
It is almost inrredible; more like a
tale out of the "Arabian Nights" than
anything else, but it is as true as
truth itself, for there arc- letters and
positive vouchers for his history.
I must confess that "pitiful but ur.sn
terestlnsr? wa3 m >' verdict on f.rst
looking around the institution. Like
this generality of us, I saw things as
they seemed, not as they were, until I
followed the advice of the chief in
charge! to chat with So-and-so, or get
old Somebody else's experiences if I
wanted an interesting hour or bo.
I had only to see and speak with this
man a very few moments to believe
his story. You can always tell "da
qu liity," a3 the old Southern negroes
call it, wherever you see it — even in a
county lniirmai j .
Many a Ran Francisco society man
•who considers himself par excellence
could take a lesson from this gentle
mun'B perfect courtesy and charm of
manner.
Thia manner and bearing if his, as
well as a very remarkable likeness to
the Prince of Wales, has given him
this title among his present nssociatos,
and by this name I like best to call
him, although' hi* real name In Walter
--'■ Consrreve.
Twenty years ago there wan no social
function in New York with the crerna
do la crerne that was complete without
this man.
German after german h« has led fur
Mrs. W. K. Vanderbilt and Mrs. Bel
nont and oihcrs of eeclusiv* Gotham.
The fond society mamma was in h^r
■ eventh heaven when her "sweet
child. danced with this favorite of tho
Cay. Long Branch and Newport were
lost without him.
"Your fair sex," he Bald to m* with
a charming little bow and smile that
eornehbw mad» it seem worth while to
be of the female persuasion", "paid me
the flattering compliment of admiring
me. You will pardon my egotism;^ it
in merely by way of reminlscenca."
1 didn't wonder at it in the least.
Hla fascinating manner under full
I way of power must have been—well,
I rather wished I had been a girl twen
ty odd years ago— and he must have
been handsome, for lie In duo looking
now.
According to his own statement he
Junew Long Branch and Newport so
ciety to its cor»— was part of the core,
in fact.
"How many times we would run
€own to the Branch— it v/as a delight
foi miL Saratoga I cared little for, but
Ntwport V7cb charming— charming!
"What wu one to do?" he continued,
"with to many fair one» to admire and
k»r»— bow could one chooM? Th« rm
•alt—l am unmarried."
ii, but that ww a llttl* »orf*o«
s4t*a*Rtry, teiuMi Jar «&• tea*a&y et
this man's eventful life. I could see
behind the fiaaak and read the turmoil
of his soul.
"Boh.-nntansT Ah, yes! Bohemians,
truly, but " tha mile that ac-'
companled the pause did not make It
appear that being a Bohemian had
caused him any anguish.
Two of his companions' In Bohemia
■wore r.one other than the Jim Fisk
aisd Ned Stokea whose little affair was
the sensation of the hour and which is
p'niniy remembered to-day. The
"Prince of Wales" knowing them per
sonally rind Intimately; save me all the
little details of the affair.
"Jim Fisk had done a preat deal for
Etokes both in a commercial and social
way. They were very preat friends,
but he made his fatal mistake when he
presented Stokes to his 'chere amle" —
you understand — Josephine Mans
field.
"Whnt a beautiful -inn F,he was.
probably the most beautiful woman of.
her day. Seeing her picture ir. the
paper the other day recalled it all tfo
vivid
"Well, Flrk became Jealous— very
much bo — and he had no muse to grow
less bo as time passed. Finally he had
his opportunity for revenge. He had
Stokes arrested suddenly one morning
when he could pet no half for some sup
posedly dishonest commercial transac
tion. Three of us, I do not give the
names, but they are leading lights in
commercial and sociaJ New York to
day, were poing Into DeJmonieo's that
morning, when we were accosted with
'Have you heard the news?' The
nephew of the preat restaurateur, by
the way was the one to ask us. 'No, 'we
said, "what is It?' 'Stokes Is in jail!'
'Pome of Flsk's doing* then,' we re
plied.
"Well, that morning w« all went
down to commiserate with poor Stokes
and when we reached there found Jo
seph Mansfield already there. She
was," ha paused and smiled, "Ah. well,
I will not say T* |T Wall, pardon
tee, Bitting on his lap.
"Stofcirq TO&&* the whist* then thsJt
h» trails CM «v«l w*ti» in%i% ar^ *&
he said it pulled a tin box that was on
the table toward him and drew out two
derringers; Miss Mansfield making a re
mark to thu effect that she would help
him. >. V
"He watched his opportunity and it
carr.o as all opportunities will.
"Stokes preceded Fisk to the hotel
and met him at the head of the stair*
as Fisk. was coming up. Fisk saw
him and knew. 'Don't shoot,' he called.
Btokes did not act on his advice but
shot with fatal accuracy. Josephine,
though, was a very pronounced
woman — very.
• "Fisk had a magnificent establish
ment, beautiful. I had th?— well, priv
ilege of saving the life of one of his
ladies at Long Branch. She went be
yond her depth and was not a suffi
ciently expert swimmer to battle with
th;» waves. Being near at the time and
something of a swimmer myself I was
able to j;lvc hrr assistance. Fisk a3
very grateful and said— but we will let
that pass."
It is simply Impossible to give an idea
of this man's charming manner In con
versation. The refined language, the
perfectly turned little French phrases
and expressions, and his gracious and
deferential air of courtesy showing tho
polished gentleman In every word and
gesture.
And such he was and is. The eon of
one of the first families of England ha
was educated at Wesley, In Sheffield,
Yorkshire, and is a fellow of that col
lege.
It was about this time that his father,
an extensive steel manufacturer, con
ferred with Bessemer for the purpose of
giving theories for a new and perfected
method of manufacturing stee.. It is
an absolute but hitherto unknown fact
that the process which made Bessemer
famous was not his own idea, but
bought from another and this other the
father of the man now among the poor
dependents of a charity hospital.
"Bessemer, my father and ' several
noted men were dining together," to
tail it as the "Prince** gar* It. "Mr
te.tb.cr turned to P«a«tmer with the r»
--ma.:-}; that ha (B«»««mer) matt •*
w»S«k±3l, thai tuutt&cv wvntlA mmm for
add something: to the perfection of the
process. Bessemer paid men In general
and inventors in particular the flatter
ing compliment of Baying that no one
could surpass his knowledge of this
subject. To which my father replied
that he v.-ould like to continue the sub
ject with him later in the evening:.
."After dinner Bessemer and he had a
quiet conference; when my father, told
Bessemer there was one great fea
ture which he (Bessemer) had over
looked and which would be the perfect-
Ing point of the process, namely: an
increase of temperature by the means
which he (my father) only knew.
" 'And that?' said Bessemer.
" 'That requires a quid pro qua,' re
plied my fe.ther.
""And what might that quid pro quo
be?' asked Bessemer.
" 'That I shall be sole representative
of the- interest in the States.'
"To this Bessemer agreed as a fore
pone conclusion— and it was then my
father revealed- the process, which has
made steel what it has been and is to
day."
The first steel rails for the New York
Central to the amount of a ••"«! lion < and
more dollars' worth were Bold to the
Vandorbilts by this man's father, and
such men as tha Rothschilds and the
first men of EngUed were his asso
ciates and friends.
With more money than probably wzl*
best fee him the "Prince* finished his
Aoll»fv «are«r and b«gan to "■•« Ufa* m
X 4 is tfett* t&s toas*6y fc^ea— <h& oca
ter of the plot around which the story
of his life is woven. It was the usual
"woman in the case"— a woman- of
highest social standing and /wealth,
young, beautiful but— t#e wife of an
other—a man of title and limitless
wealth, but tottering with age.
Time might have righted ail things
for this woman. and her lover and the
Jatter's story been totally different from
what It is, had the "Prince" not had a
brother Jealous .of the father's love for
this younger scion of the house.
An undercurrent of scandal doubtless
stirred London society while it held its
breath., and awaited developments—
but it was the brother who made it ap
parent to the father that his-, son -had
disgraced the family, that it was due :
their sacred honor to turn him from
house and home.
Four hours were given him to leave—
three of the four were spent with his
"chere amie" and plans successfully
made for a meeting in the States— but
not successfully carried out. The usual
discovery scene and seven days' ex
citement—then it all died out and the
hero of the tale — well, life has a varied
assortment of sides and some must see
them all. .:i<,'»
"With a generous Income from the
home estate, hia reward of merit for
keeping away, and an easy as well as
highly remunerative position : with one
of th« largest houses In the city, .he.be
gan to taste View York life.
Handsome, fascinating, polished, of
tola* blood and lerje Income and a little
ejks* el hlsto^r ** »*** the vfeda m
terestlng, he hadn't the slightest trou
ble in stepping into the innermost ••
elusion of New York's extra-extra.
Bohemian, society leader, good fel
low, there was nothing New "i'ork bud
to offer that he did not enjoy.
It was he who, when the real Princ*
of AVules visited this country, Intro
duced the New York society belles to
him at the preat bni: given In his honor
at the Academy of J 1 ■::ic. Or to give
it as Mr. Congreve told it In his grace
fully reminiscent way — and Mr. Con
greve lingers over his reminiscences
with an air of gentle tenderness and in
terested absorption that is very pleas
ant to watch:
"It was at this magnificent reception
and ball — for it. was truly magnificent,
the greatest beauty and wealth of New
York were there— chanced to be sur
rounded by a pay company of debu
tantes and fair ones— you will pardon
the seeming egotism — I said to them,
'Come, we will be introduced to nion
Prince.' So together we made our way
to where the Prince was standing. Pre
senting myself first to the Duke of
Newcastle, whom I knew and who was
traveling- with the Prince, really his
chaperon, the Prince being very young:
at the time— l said to him by way of
compliment, 'I wish to present to you
some of J '»e fair buds that grow on
American soil.'
. .". 'Ail.' th* . Duke said, including them
all In his admiring glance and bow,
IS'.ich honor la not for me: a greater }■
*a« ouch b*aaty asd l-r-relln««i — w will
fr«M3» tSMkai to tii* TVtao*.'
r
"And tuning to the Prince he said,
I£r. Congreve would prove to yo\i
wnat just Jiusa America, has to be the
moat envied of nations.'
"Ah, but they were as beautiful
women as one could find the world
over. No wonder the Prince Bald to me
us I conversed with him for a few mo
rdents later In the evening that ha had
never seen such charm and loveliness—
and I doubt if ho has seen greater
cince, -with all his breadth of travel,"
and the ghost of a smile Ultted across
Mr. Congreve'a face.
"Mack Kmmett, son of Judge Em.
m — you havo '. card of him? — and I
led a german of a hur-ired couple* at
the jcean House, Newport, when f«r
mans first came in vogue.
"Many a german I led for Mrs. Van
derbilt—but Baa \ aa a good friend—
always called me by mv Christian
name, Walter, and I cam* and went
freely at her homo.
"It was at Mrs. Vanderbilt's I first
met and admired Elizabeth Clark,
Libble Clark as she was more familiar
ly known. She was beautiful, beauti
ful! iianr and many gay times Ml*a
Clark and I had together—
balis, dinners. I became an intimate
at her home and — sweethearts. But
her mother grew ill and finally died.
Afterward I noticed her Badness, that
oecmed something more than her moth
er's death. Finally I questioned her
end asked that I might end her
troubles by »harlaf them— tha* we
should marry.
•''She threw herself into mr arms sob
—how well I remember that day—
every detail, the room, she so beautiful
and lovable— '.Walter,' she «aid, ' I
promised mother on her deathbed I
would marry Air. Bradford and I can
not break my proniae' — and she did
not!"
The ' pause that followed was un
broken—it was like standing by a grave
where words are useless, uncalled for,
for whatever Mr. CongTeve's life may
have had of wrong:, there at least tie
worshiped as at a shrine.
"Mr. Bradford? he was also a preat
friend of the family — old enough to be
her father. Bhe was unhappy, poor
girl. Either Mr. Bradford knew of her
promise to her mother and realized the
real cause of her unhappinesa, or he
comprehended nothing, for many times
after their marriage I was Libbie's es
cort to balls until once ha himself
asked me to escort his wife to a ger
znan. - * :'~.?:
--"' Bradford, 1 I said, 'I will lead the
rerman with your wife, will dance with
her, but don't you think you had better
take her yourself now?'
"He took the hint, I cared enough t«
—but that is en passant.
"Long Branch was gay, Newport de
lightful, but it was at Staten Island
that perhaps wo had the most truly
pleasant time. You have heard of Mm*.
Sonr.ta?, the famous singer — the
Countesse dl Rosi? She was a charming
friend. And sing! ah, but she could
ting! Bhe- had a cottage at Statea
Island. It was a colony of talent—
reski, the leader of grand opera, and
others had cottages there only a short
distance from Commodore Vtnderbllt a
place." m m .
The father and son often met and
were reconciled and the father 1 .- love
and advice often kept him from folly,
but &3 he himself worded it: "I needed
a mother's love— a mother's gentle in
fluence—if I had had that I might not
have been the Bohemian and wanderer
I have been."
But the end of gay New York came
b.* last.
"I was in the cricket field one day, to
gether with Lester Wallack. the actor—
you know the name,— Lord F— and oth
ers when a message came to me to
• come at once to England, my father
was dying. I bearded the first steamer
1 ami reached home Just in time. My
father was paralyzed, unable to speak,
i but he seemed struggling to say come
• thine to me— but he never did."
The father dead, the older son. In
power, the annuity cut off, California
beckoned invitingly as a. new and un
tried field— but little by little com
menced the beginning of the end. With
lons of hope, loss of ambition and self
, respect the curr*ln will ring; down scow
£a T as** till* ilttl* play be ovsr.22
THEY EHJQY
INDEPEHBEHCe.
AFTER Mrs. Burton Harrison
wrote her story of "A Bachelor
Maid." the subject that had
given bo much occasion for talk nnd
newspaper discussion dropped Into
deeuoiud"'. It was Been that the bach
elor woman was not a fad; she really
existed and Intended to exist. Bo the
■world stopped railing: at her. and ac
cepted her as something that had to be.
X<>\v this case in I-ondon of Miss Inez
Broome, the pay and independent
bachelor girl of brains, means and ped
igree, has set the world a-talkinp; again
about the single woman who feels that
she has a right to do as she pleases
and art just as her brothers do.
It Is true that Miss Broome has re
noun< ■■■] her bachelorhood. She has
married a brother of the noble Craven,
who some years back wedded the New
York heiress, Miss Bradley- Martin. But
the bachelor maid who became a bride
hus not renounced her Independence;
Bhe has simply elected to be her hus
band's chum and comrade for life. It
Is not likely that we shall ever hear of
any American bachelor woman going
to such extremes in her assertion of in
dependence as did the gay Miss
Broome. She. perhaps, shocked the
proprieties a trifle too far. Neverthe
less, she served to bring the fascinating
woman bachelor once more into promi
nence.
The popular idea of the bachelor girl
In the minds of those who "do not
know," ho "do not understand," Is a
young woman who laughs at conven
tionality, smokes cigarettes and drinks
cocktails all day, and who is both bold
and coarse. In reality the bachelor girl
Is neither bold nor coarse; for the
former, substitute Independent. In re
gard to the latter, she is certainly not
one of those who mistake prudishness
for modesty, yet she is withal refined.
And she is feminine, fascinating and
sweet.
The feminine bachelor is very much
misunderstood by her married sisters;
also by those of her women relatives
ho are not bachelors. Somebody has
defined the difference between an old
maid and a bachelor maid as lying in
this: The former is still looking out for
a hut-band, while the latter is perfectly
satisfied to live without one. Probably
the distinction is not exactly this, but
j something sufficiently near it. The
bachelor woman would not take "any
>eld thing" as a- husband rather than go
: without. If she marries she wants a
friend, a companion, a man who is her
equal in brain, heart and soul. If Fhe
never meets this ideal she can still be
happy. She Is not always a worker;
she may be a society girl. But what
ever she is, she is an admirable type of
the best in womanhood.
In New York you find no end of these
women bachelors. Sometimes they live
In flats, en duo, en trio, or in quintets
;< or sextets. They go to places of amuse
*ment without male escorts end fear Is
• to them a term unknown. All ranks
of society have representatives among
these bachelors and they represent all
the professions. They do not disdain
men; no, they have plenty of masculine
friends. But they meet on equal
ground. The men respect and like these
women, like them all the better, per
haps, because they know they are not
expected to fall in love with them and
propose matrimony because they hap
pen to express a fondness for their so
ciety.
They do fall in love sometimes, of
course they do. And when the bachelor
girl marries she usually makes the very
best kind of a wife. She appreciates a
good husband, and, because she is not
■willing to be his slave, that does not
make ncr the less dutiful and careful
of his comfort.
Ask the bachelor maid if she ever
thinks of marriage, and she usually
Bays: "Oh, yes; sometimes." But her
single blessedness does not disturb her
tranquillity.
It is a matte*" of Interest to con over
the names of gome ef our local bachelor
women. We can show none of the
Broome order, but many charming
young women who believe that inde
pendence is a pleasant possession, and
who are In no hurry to change the
prefix • Miss' 'to "Mrs."
All over California one can find these
happy bachelor girls, some of them In
public life, but many more "in society."
The latter are usually interested In
clubs of culture, or music, or painting,
but all represent line types of Cali
fornia;) young womanhood.
The school departments of this and
other cities are full of bright bachelors.
Miss Mamie Deane is perhaps as rep
resentative as any of this type. Eliza
D Keith was In journalism before she
entered the School Department.
Two bachelors who have distinguish
ed themselves in the world of art are
Marie Wlthrow and her sister Eva; the
latter paints splendid portraits, while
the former teaches vqcal music. They
are in London now.
Journalism contains the names of
many clever bachelor girls. There is
Mabel Craft, for one, a University and
Hastings Law College graduate, and
the author of a successful book. May
Eleanor Gates, Eleanor Croudace. Gen
evieve Green — these are but a few of
the many bright girl bachelors who
write good newspaper stuff.
Maren M. Froelich Is devoted to art
and has no time to think of much else
thwse days outside of her ord»ra for
Jhe gachelor tfoung is)omen
S> of Calif omia <&
THE SUNDAY CALL.
THEIR
ballet girls in picturesque poses
Blanche Letcher considers art an excel
lent substitute for a domestic life, as
does Emilia Kalisher, the California
girl who has just returned from Paris.
Miss Mabel Ayer finds her pleasure
in the attainment of culture and the
frivolities of society. She is the secre
tary of the Forum Club and has ad
vanced views en women's rights and
privileges.
Miss Beaver is another society girl
who possesses the independent feelings
of a bachelor. She is of the Charming
Auxiliary Directory and goes in for
mental and musical culture. Miss
Beatrice Tobin is a bachelor girl of the
English type, athletic, jolly and happy.
Miss Farquharson, like Miss Beaver, is
Interested In mental culture and is a
member of the < 'banning Auxiliary.
Miss Lottie Gashwiler is an up-to-date
bachelor girl.
In the field of short story writers ap
pear Juliet Wilbur Tompkins, editor of
The Puritan; Geraldine Bonner and
Gwendolen Overtoil. Then there is
Amy I.- Wells, who combines with her
talent as an expert stenographer the
ability to write bright jokes, verse,
sketches and stories. h
Jennie Dunphy and Emilie Hager are
representatives of the woman bachelor
element in our most exclusive circles.
Jennie Flood, by reason of her millions,
is enabled to live a free and pleasurable
existence, almost constantly traveling.
Marie Voorhies has exhibited no incli
nation to forsake her father's home.
Ardella Mills, W. H. Mills' eldest
daughter, is devoted to her home and to
her music. -Mira Burnett is another so
ciety girl ho finds music an Interest
ins study; she is the!! secretary of the
Ensemble Club. Miss Edith Rucking
ham, daughter of Mrs. Thomas K.
Church, Is cultured and musical. Pau
line a: d Grace Merrill, daughters of tlie
late Paul Merrill, are bachelor young
women with independent Ideas, and as
they have plenty of money they are able
to live according to their views. Miss
Jennie McFarland, Judge T. B. McFar
land's daughter, is an up-to-date bach
elor maid, ar. is Susie Russell; who is
one ■•" the ' load sisters' particular
friends. She is a sister of Mrs. William
Clark, Then there are the Misses Tay
and their friend, Miss Danforth, all
fond of society and understanding how
best tn enjoy life.
Miss Alyce Gates and her sister Ger
trude are modern bachelors. The former
sings charmingly and the latter re
cites. Maude Noble, who plays the
trombone in Mr. Howe's amateur or
chestra, is a University graduate and
is now taking a medical course at the
Cooper Medical College. She is in no
hurry to forsake her bachelorhood.
Maude A. Smith, president of the
Chaminade Club, Is an advanced young
bachelor. She is up to date t.-n all sub
jects, but is especially devoted to
music.
In Sacramento Etta Birdsall leads
the van of bachelor maids in society.
She has traveled all over Europe, has
been to Japan, and excels as a conver
sationist. She is a magnificent
dresser and is feminine and charming
in manner. Florence McKune, Judge
McKune's daughter, is as well known in
San Francisco- as in Sacramento so
ciety. She is jolly and very up to date.
Also prominent among the capital's
girl bachelors are Minnie Clarke, Judge
Clarke's daughter, a sis'er of Mrs.
Charles McCreary; Ella Smith, daugh
ter of Edwin F. Smith, but who lives
with Mrs. Downey Harvey's mother,
Mrs. Cutler; Helen Lindiey, a cousin of
Marie Burroughs; Susie Garfleld, Lot
tie Wilsey and many others.
In Oakland the Misses Huff are
prominent for the interest they take in
the Ebell Society. They live in San
Leandro and entertain extensively.
Miss Harrington is also an Oakland
bachelor. She plays the 'cello, sings
and is fond of society.
Alameda has many young women
bachelors, among them: Miss Hunter,
who is one of thj most popular girls in
society, and Miss ("ashman, also a so
ciety girl; Susie Figg. Mrs. Frank Mc-
Cormick's sister, and very musical,
and Ada Ramsdell, a university gradu
ate, who has adopted a teacher's
career.
The Misses Hush of Fruitvale may he
classed among the bachelor girls of 'Ala
meda County. They have traveled widely
in Europe and the East and are accom
plished in music.
Miss Lou Wall is another Oakland
bachelor girl who has made a name in
the world of art. Her figure studies are
more than merely clever, they are full at
soul.
Miss Frances Jolllffe. the fourth' of the
beautiful Jolllffe sisters, is only a society
girl by compulsion. Her desire Is to be
an actress, and ever since she left Vassar
she has had that ambition in view. She
had some stage experience with the Mod-
!-r.;i company.
Miss Anna Miller Wood resides in Bos
ton, but occasionally returns to San
Francisco, her old home, for visits of a
few months. She is contralto of the
First Unitarian Church, Boston, and is
the favorite pupil of Arthur Foot.', trie
composer. , _, . ,
Miss Helen Hyde is one of the Sketch
Club's most active members. She has
made a great hit with her Chinese
sketches. She is independent and de-
VOted to her art. ,
Miss Jennie Blair is a very happy
bachelor girl, She Is pretty and clever
and rich, charitably inclined and fond of
travel and society.
Charlotte Beckwith of the Tivoli, a
beautiful and talented bachelor girl, lives
with her mothei in a very cozy flat. Her
home life is quiet, as much of It is spent
in resting. At 10 in the morning Miss
Beckwith'a busy time begins— rehearsal.
Home in time for dinner and a few mo
ments' rest, back again to the theater,
then home at 11, and the charing dish Is
busy for three-quarters of an hour. A
charming hostess is she, and as good a
cook as she Is charming.PRINCE HENRY OF PRUSSIA TO VISIT SAN FRANCISCO.
OFFICIAL and social circles in
Washington are much interested
In the news that Prince Henry of
Prussia, brother of the German
Emperor and commander of the
German squadron in the Pacific, intends to
visit San Francisco on his flagship, the
D-utschland, after he leaves China, and
that he may thence so by rail to \V ashlng
ton in compliance with an invitation re
cently extended to him by President M ■
Kinley. ■ .
The general opinion among those who
know the Prince Is that he will not lose
this opportunity to become acquainted
with the capital city of America, and the;.
are or this opinion because they know
that the Prince, ,ugh a born seaman
and never so happy as when on board of
his flagship, is also a keen student of men
and manners and has from his earliest
years at sea loved to take inland journeys
whenever his professional duties permit
ted him to do so.
Constant activity, indeed, hi a marked
characteristic of Heinrich the Navigator,
&s his own people love to call him. Born
on August 14, 1562. he entered" the navy
while still a lad, and most of his time
eince then has b^en spent at sea. He rose
rapidly in his profession, and ev>n as tar
back as ten years ago thoughtful Germans
prpdictr-d that he would some day be the
a<imir:il of the German navy.
Not only, as all the m rid knows, is he
a distinguished seaman: he Is al3o a
scholar of no mean repute and a mu
sician of more than average ability. On
questions of state his views are almost
always considered sound, and in all inter
national questions that in any way affect
Germany's welfare no one takes a deeper
Interest than he.
In 1887 Prince Henry went- a- wooing,
and a year later be took home to Berlin
as his wife Princess Irene, third daughter
of the Grand Duke Louis of Hesse and
Princess Alice of England. The Prince
had seen a g-oodly portion of the world
by this time. He knew his own country
well, and during 1883 and 1854 he spent
•ome time in Cuba and Bermuda.
rjurtn* the latter year he aLio visited
London, and while thv-* life very nearly
became the victim of a ■ dynamite plot.
While he was in one of the upper rooms
at Paddington Station a dynamite bomb
exploded in a cloakroom Immediately be
neath the room occupied by him. and the
general opinion was that his escape from
death or serious Injury was little short of
miraculous.
In July. ISSS, he was made a commander
of the navy, and his next few years were
comparatively uneventful. He was almost
constantly at sea— indeed, it is said that ■
of all the naval captains In the German
navy he is the only one who has been con- !
tinuously on board an Ironclad as com- '
mander since ISS2. This statement will be
more clear if we supplement it by saying
that Prince Henry, young- as he !s. has
spent more than twenty years of continu
ous service in the German navy.
During many of these y-ars the public
outside of Germany heard but little of him
or of his work, and it was not until the
winter of 1837 that he really came, to the
front In German .iffMr?. At that time ft
was announced that the Emperor Intend
ed to send his brother to China, with the
object of looking after the German Inter
ests in that country. This action on the
Emperor's part naturally aroused many
comments from the European press,
which was at that time devoting much at
tention to the relations existing between
the various European powers and China.
It is no wonder, therefore, that Prince
Henry's visit to China, was regarded as
an event of unusual significance. He ar
rived at Kiaochau in th- spring of 1593.
»nd thence he went to Peking, where a
brilliant official reception awaited him. .
The attention of Americans was espe
cially attracted toward him about this time
in connection with the so-called Irene In
cident A German vessel of this name
rave "-id to some Spaniards at Subtg Bay.
in the Philippine islands, and as this .
country was at'war with Spain at that ,
time there was an impression that such
action was not quite in accordance witn
the rules of neutrality. **_. ;
Prince Henry, however. In an official
statement, maintained that the Irene went
to Subig Bay to .take off some Spanish
women and children who were in distress
and that at Isla Grande the German war
ship met a vessel belonging- to the Insur
gents which, left without any difficult?. .
A PRINCETON HAM
EXPLORES PATAGONIA
WHILE the nation has been
thrilled for nearly l tvo years
with the heralding of feats of
American arms by land and
by sea, her intrepid scientists fcave
won renown in the field of re
search. The soldier and sailor give up
their lives !n patriotic duty. 1 . too,
the scientist subjects him* If m the
cause of knowledge to the hidden perils
of exploration.
One of these intrepid men of more
I than usual m desty la J bn Bell
I Hatcher, cura- rtebrate p
i tology and assistant professor i t geol
ogy in Princeton University. H
: turned a few days
months of Investigation amid the -
and glaciers of Patagonia, and br
| tone of geological st -
i ethnological articles with him.
' If his treasures will be han :
{he Smithsonian Institution at *■'■
ington and to the Amerl - :m of
Natural History of New fork, b 1 ;-
It the exhibits will enrich the g»
m~] and paieontologieal tre sores
r . .r.ceton University.
f This last was the third trip which
professor Hatcher has made to Pata
gonia. The tb taken i: - ■
tvhen he traveled in Terra del Fuego,
as well as on the mainland. He |
neyed hundreds of miles alone in a
country unknown to- him, except by
what he conid read In books.
The second trip was taker, bet
! November, 183T, and November
1 This was a journey of most baza
\ experience for Professor Hatcher. He
> fortunate in ever being able to re
turn from it alive. For fifty-seven
days he was on his back in the snows
of Patagonia, suffering from a v
attack of inflammatory rheumatism.
i He was under a tent, wrapped m blan
i kets. He had only one companion, Mr.
iA. E. Colburn of Washing: n. D. C.
j There were no persons within many
miles. There were no medical supplies,
j and Mr. Colburn had no medical expe-
I ri»nce.
Professor Hatcher, as the expressive
I saying goes, had "to grin and bear it"
THE SUNDAY CALL.
through those fifty-seven days o-t agony
after which he was able to get on h'n
H- returned to the Ui
th many boxes of geological
and palcontological spHimi-n? — a rich
harvest for the university with which
he is connected. «^n this trip he and his
comj . ; 1500 milts without
- a human being.
: from his rheuroa
: Hatcher set out
- ria on Ev
ber 5 last. H<
with his assistants, Mr. O. A. Per
. irnum Brown of the Ameri
can M Natural History. Pro
• - ttme some
beumatism. He shipped
- ■
draw him and his party • =rt of
the '■ > tended t
The par- I at S Int by
the Strait/ of ! - made
that place their baa - The
d up Patagonia, along
oast, to the Santa Cruz
they went np the n<-rth
fork, ■ Ihico, about 25(J miles. The
•ft the Kio Chico with faces
turned northward for 100 miles. They
r.- Xt jour- Bt l') 0 mil
.ieras — the snow covered Andes,
?e the
level of the sea. They were the
. the Atlantic c miles
Sandy Point, their starting point.
The party had traveled between 1280
and i" - during which time they
had seen only a few human beings,
mostly Tehuelche Indians, along the
Atlantic coast.
At the Cordilleras,. Professor Hatch
er, taking a saddle hcrse and a pack
mule and only a small quantity of rice,
salt and pepper, bade his comrades
goodby for six week?. He Journeyed
entirely alone during that time and vir
tually without any provisions.
"I did not want to- be bothered," said
he, "with provisions. I can kill enough
in a day to last me for a month."
During the lonely Journey he trav
ersed 800 miles and slept in his blanket
with the thermometer 10, 15 and 20 de
grees below xero most of the time, and
with mountain lions arid tiger cats
prowling around. He did not see the
arising. Ha added that the Irene on re- i
turning met outside Manila Bay two I
United States cruisers, which did not ;
speak her. and he said in conclusion that
tne removal of the women and children ;
"was effected from motives of humanity ,
and with a strict observance of the rules '
of neutrality."
Prince Henry recently succeeded Ad
miral yon [richs as commander of the
fleet, a distinction to which he is clearly
entitled in the opinion '.<( those who know
how carefully he has looked after Ger
many's interests in China. That his i
brother, the Emperor, is satisfied with his
work Is evident and it is safe to say that
when he returns to Berlin he will receive
a right royal welcome not only from the
court but also from all classes of the
people.
Meanwhile let him be assured that he
will meet with an equally hearty welcome
if he should see fit to become President ;
McKinley's guest at Washington. America j
has always a hearty welcome for .foreign j
guests and especially for those who are, i
whether officially or not, the representa- |
tives of great and friendly nations. ■
face of man or woman and was prob
ably as contented as if he had been
sitting in the study of his snug home in
Princeton.
He climbed th* Andes for many miles
and went over into Chilean Patagonia.
Some of the glaciers In the Cordilleras,
he says, are 50 miles long. .The scenery
is magnificent.
Ore of the grandest spectacles on the
Pacific Slope" is Lake Puerrydon,
which is surrounded by luxurious vege
tation. it is down deep below the vast
Andes and is only 430 feet above the
sea level.
Xear Lake Puerrydon Professor
Hatcher found a natural amphitheater,
whose slopes were 3000 feet high. Seats
were carved in the rock as if the place
had been intended for some immense
amphitheater.
It is Impossible to cross the Andes
and see the Pacific Ocean, otherwise
Professor Hatcher would have tried it.
Besides, he did not wish to be longer
away from his comrades, who might
fear if he prolonged his journey that
something serious had befallen him.
Professor Hatcher has an affection
for the Tebuelche Indians, who live Id
the southern part, or what is known a/
the Santa Cruz territory of Patagonia.
Most of his explorations have been con
fined to this territory- The Tehuelchr
Indians comprise nearly all the popu
lation of the Santa Cruz section of
Patagonia, which is as large" in area as
New England. There are not more than
a thousand persons in the territory.
They live on the Atlantic coast. The
furthest inland they go is about fifty or
sixty miles. The central part and the
Pacific slope of Patagonia are uninhab
ited.
The Tehuelche Indians are large and
powerful, being about six feet talL
They have splendid dispositions, are
peaceful and fairly industricrus. The
women are more industrious than the
men. The Indians are frank, generous
and hospitable, though they are not un
duly so. For instance, they expect a
reasonable compensation for what th-y
do and for their products.
A quart of whisky will go further
than many dollars. Professor Hatcher
would have been able to save quite a
sum of money if he had taken a good
quantity of whisky with him to Pata
gonia. The Indians are not cpuyrel
aome. They are kind to- one another.
Parents treat their children with great
tenderness.
"I never saw any children whipped,"
said Professor Hatcher. "Parents will
ike anything away from the chii
dfen unless the iatter are perfectly will
part with the articles. It cost me
ne niuney to buy a cradle
from an Indian. I had great difficulty
in obtaining it at that price.
'■If you go to them hungry they will
feed you. They live mostly on the
South American ostrich and the guan
aco, or camel. The camel is their main
stay. The animal gives them food and
raiment. Their cooking is not as clean
as you may desire, but when you are
• here long you get used to it.
"The guanaco is about the size of a
yearling colt, or half again as large as
the Virginia deer. Its tax has a light
brown eolcr, except in the belly and
flanks, where it is beautifully white.
The Tehuelches make capas, or man
tles of the skin a.-d fur of the camel.
Th-y w~ar the mantles with the fur
next the body."
Professor Hatcher and his compan
ions sailed from Port GaHegos, which
is about thirty miles north of the
-3 of Magellan, in the latter part
of May. They went to Buenos Ayres.
Then Pro-fessor Hatcher took a trip up
the Parana River into Paraguay, where
he wished to pursue an investigation.
He went alone. He reached New York
about a week ago and immediately re
joined his family in Princceton.
The sci-rn.inc T /a!ue nf Professor
Hatcher's expedition is said to be great,
but of that he will not say a word. He
admits, however, that the geologtccal
and pala>- I specimens he ob
tained are interesting. Nearly every
genus is represent •! by one or more
skeletons in forms hitherto only kno«wn
tn fragments.
He considers that the ail Important
part of the collection is some teeth
which belonged to mesozolc animaia.
Xo su<. h teeth had ever be^n found be
- nth America.
Doubtless if you saw the man who
made this expedition a success you
wtrnld never take him for a scientist or
a university prof^sssor unless you
talked with him. He is a diamond in
the rough. You might take him for an
intelligent backwoodsman or a typical
rawboned Westerner — a man something
after the style of Daniel Boone. He is
a little above medium height, with a
broad chest, and is slightly bald. His
chin is fairly large, and the frank ex
rr-s*kn of his countenance reveals his
sterling character. His words are few,
snd his modesty approaches shyness.
The chances are that he will feel un
easy it you compliment him, and no
person can scarcely be more averse to
being brouzht into public print than
this "man who in the fhterest of science
was help. - back in the snowy
wastes of Patagonia for nearly two
months without any medical aid and
with only one companion. The world
loves such a man and the modesty
whfch is-«rne of the strongest supports
.-= character makes that affection
real and lasting.
2324
Valuable Tt^ms of Interest to the Practical Housekeeper
- - ■ ;■■}''
fin flrtistic Sideboard.
JUST so long as a sideboard makes a
man thirsty when he looks at It he Is
pleased. But take off the steins, the
punch bowl and tho glasses, the bot
tles with something in them, put en your
Choicest china and cut glass, then he
quietly reminds you that he bought the
sideboard and that he wants it thus and
so. Unless it happens to be a wedding
present there is not much room for argu
ment. It must be then . unless yours is a
temperance household, a thirst-glvingand
a thirst-quenching piece of furniture. Side
boards in "y e g-code olde days" were a
ehowh.g off plaoe for shining pewter, sil
ver candlesticks and perhaps a well
meaning punch bowl. Of • bottles and
their stemmed glasses history makes no
mention. Perhaps they were ther", and
the compiler, thinking— that is if he lived
a long time ago—that si: genera
tions might not profit by the chronicling
of what was put on the - [eft It
out and to us to invent other things. AYe
put on them almost anything and every
thing In the glass line. C • i of cut
glassware look well, and the bottles and
glasses are when. they belong. Place
them where you choose, use what you
have to good advantage and -wish for
more. Sideboards in the accompanying
photographs were arranged by the Em
porium.
Wishes /or breakfast.
One Boon gr.ws tire,! of s;-;aks and
chops for breakfast; then the question
"What shall 1 have?" presents it
cook on whom we can rely for dinner or
luncheon may be and usually is as fond
of sleep as her employer. A hastily pre
pared breakfast of toast and coffee "is the
result. Perhaps you care, perhaps you
don't. But what about the man. He
g-azes at the coffee, then at the I
toast. Shoves the toast aside and
lows the coffee at one gulp; then wonders
why in thunder he has a headache
afternoon.
1 housekeepers always have good
breakfasts. Even if only toast and coffee,
the toast is properly made and the coffee
Is all it should be.
The following receipts are for the meat
course— to take the place of steak and
chops
BROILED OYSTERS— Dry as many
oysters as needed. Place them on a
broiler which has been rubbed with but
ter. Broil over hot coals. When done
The above are from camp scenes at Lark=
spur, where the season has Just closed. The
kitchen and d3nin£=room scenes show a de=
Two-thirds of the scandals that poison 1
the social atmosphere steal out, like pes
tilential fogs, through servants' gossip. \
We discuss "the girl" In our bed cham- j
bers, and, if so much stirred up by her ,
works and ways a.- to forget what is due (
to our ladyhood, compare notes In the i
parior as to these same works and ways. 1
Eeing well-bred women, the traditions of
our caste prevent us from making domes- (
tic grii the staple of drawing room .
I conversation and the marrow of table
i talk. The electroplated vulgarian never i
! calls attention more emphatically to the '
c of the "sterling" ?;r»mp upon her '
r.g than when she chatters habltu
: ally of the virtues and the fault 3 of her j
i household staff. <
On the other hand the most sophisti
cated of us would be amazed and con- '
founded if she knew what a conspicuous
part the generic "she" plays in talk be- .
low stairs and on afternoons and even-
Ings "out,"
The prince of satirists puts it cleverly: ,
"Some people ought to have mutes for
B< rvants in Vanity Fair— mufs who could
not -write. If you are guilty— tremble:
That fellow behind your chair may be a
janissary with a bowstring in his plush
ties pocket. If you are not guilty,
have a care of appearances, which are as
ruinous as guilt."
We should be neither shocked nor con
founded that these things are so. If we
are mildly surprised it argues ignorance
of human nature and of the general like
ness of one human creature to another \
that proves the whole world kin. Wh t n j
mistresses in Parisian toilets, clinking
linst Dresden as they <lp
Bohea in boudoir or drawing room, raise
their eyebrows or laugh musically over
the latest bit of social carrion of "our
set," Jeames or Abigail, who has caught
a whiff at a door ajar or through a key
hole, is the le: - sinner in serving up the
story in the kitch«n cabinet. The domes
tics are in, yet not of, the employer's
world, living for six and a half days of
the week among people with whom they
HOME COMFORTS IN CALIFORNIA CAMP LIFE
place on pieces of buttered toast and
serve with meted butter.
FRIED SMELTS— CIean, dip in beaten
egg and roll in cracker crumbs. Fry in
very hot fat and serve with any sauce
used for fish.
KIDNEY SAUTE— Brown an onion with
a small piece of bmter. Place the slices of
kidney in the pan and allow to cook
Blowly. Season with a pint of red wine,
Bait and pepper and one cube of sugar.
L\iok until tender.
FRIED CHICKEN— Cut fhe chicken In
small pieces, dip in flour and fry in hot
pork fat. When the chicken is done make
a gravy of two cups of miik, a large
tablespconful of flour. Season with salt
and pepper. Lay the pieces of chicken on
toast and pour over all the gravy. Serve
immediately.
TRIPS COOKED WITH OYSTERS-
Cut half a pound' of tripe or as much as
you need int^ small pieces. Place on
stove, cover with water to which a table
spoonful of salt has been added. Cook for
thirty minu'es. TaKe out the pieces of
tripe and add to the liquid, butter, salt
and pepper. Thicken with flour. Put the
tripe buck, adding a dozen or more
oysters, heat oysters through and serve.
REEF HASH— Use meat which has been
left over. Chop fine and add hnlf as much
potatoes and one apple chopped line.
Season with butter, salt, pepper and a
little minced celery. Serve on toast with
a poached or fried egg.
MINCED HAM— Use cold boiled ham.
Mince half a pound. Place In a frying
pan and add butter the size of a hen's
egg. a little water and some paprika.
When hot place on pieces of toast, and if
liked, serve with poached eggs.
BROILED SWEETBREADS — Parboil
the sweetbreads; place la cold water for
a few moments, then dry. Cut in long
thin pieces, dip in rr.'lted butter or olive
oil and broil a light brown. Serve witn
melted butter.
BROILED VENISON— Either leave the.
steaks whole or cut in medium sized
pieces. Broil over a clear fire. When
done place on a hot dish, season with salt.
Confidential Maids
2y Marion Jfarlandr*
have no affinity by nature or education.
Where we would taik nf "things" the
lower classes discuss what they name
"folk?." Their range of thought is piti
fully narrow; the happenings in their so
cial life arc few and tame. What won
ier if they retail what we say and do and j
are. as sayings, doings and characters ap- |
pear to them?
What would bo extraordinary if it were
ttOt so common is the opportunity prauii- ;
tously afforded in — we will say guardedly
—one family nut of three for the collec- :
tion of material for these sensations of ■
the nether story. 1 speak by the card In
asserting that tho influence gained by the
confidential maid over her wel! born, well
mannered. well educated mistress is
greater than thai possessed by any Ci ■ •.■'.
in the (alleged; superior's proper circle of
equals.
Without taxing memory I can tell off
nn my ringers ten gentlewomen In every
other sense of the word whose Intimate
confidantes are hirelings who w^.-re
strangers until they entered the employ '
of their respective mistresses (?). Our;
next door neighbors on both sides ar.d !
the acquaintances across the way axe
in like bondage.
I have In mind one of the best and most
refined women I ever knew, whose in
fatuation for her Incomparable Martha ,
was the laughing- stock of some, the sur
prise and grief of others. Martha dis- •
puted the dear soul's will, oft and again;'
gave more advice than she took, and be- '
hind her back, ridiculed ncr unsparingly—
as many of the mistress' friends were
aware. The dupe would have resigned
the affection and society of one and all of
her compeers sooner than part with Mar
tha.
Another "just could not live without
my Mary." The remote suggestion throws
her into a paroxysm of distress. Her own
husband knows it to be necessary to warn •
her not to tell this and that business or
family secret to Mary, knowing the While,
in his sad soul, the chances to be against
her keeping her promise not to share it
with her factotum.
Ellen is the bosom friend of a third::
Bridget is the right hand, the counselor
and colleague of a fourth. A fifth con
fides to her second rate associates that
her faithful Fanny knows as much of
family histories (and there are histories
in the clan) as she does, and that she—
the miscalled mistress— takes no step of
importance without consulting her.
gree of comfort and convenience excelled
only 3n the best off city homes, while "the
mansion" has all the comforts off home ex=
(food Cooking
Brings
Qood Jiealth.
TTIE SUNDAY CAI^L.
CONDUCTED BY
DEBORAH DEANE
popper and plenty of butter. Place In
oven a few moments and serve.
VEAL CUTLETS FRIED— SaIt and
pepper the cutlet; dip in beaten and
then cracker crumbs. Fry in hot fat, but
fry slowly.
BROILED KIDNEYS— SpIit the kidneys
lengthwise. Broil over a clear fire; baste
with butter while cooking. When done
pour over them melted butter and season
with pepper and salt. To this list may
be added chipped beef, codfish cooked In
cream mid ham and baron. They aro seen
often on a breakfast table, while the pre
ceding dishes are not.
Sood Coffee.
How to make good coffee is one of the
problems Ftldom solved In domestic life.
The coffee belongs to the ehlncona
family. The leaves are light-grren and
about five Inches long-- The flowers are
white, very fragrant and grow In clust
ers. The fruit Is at first green in color
and then when ripening turns from preen
to red. The fruit contains two seeds,
grown tight together. These seeds are
the coffee beans.
Purchase your coffee freshly roasted,
grind it or "have It ground and mixed
with, that is If you like, the proper pro
portion of chicory. Keep the ground cof
fee in air-tight glass lars so that none
of Its flavor Is lost. The addition of
chicory Is merely a matter of taste.
Eight out of ten" people dislike it and
won't drink coffee which contains it.
That Is. If they know it. Pure Java or
Java and Mocha mixed are the best cof
fees.
Now for the coffee pot. To those who
like coffee made without an egg the old
fashioned filter pot Is used. Hut I main
tain and always will that coffee made
without eggs has a different flavor. It
in not so good. It lacks richness. So I
use the plain, every-day coffee pot. For
four people use a good-sized cupful of
coffee. Beat one egg and mix thoroughly
with the coffee. Put In coffee pot add
ing two cups of cold water. Allow to
come to a boil, then fill the pot with boil
ing water, allow to come to a boll once
more, then set on back of stove to set
tle. If It docs not settle readily enough
pour in a little cold water. Have the
coffee cups warm, pour in cold or hot
cream as you like and then the coffee.
Serve.
Just one more word. Be sure that the
water used in making coffee is fresh.
Never use water that has been boiled for
I any length of time. It makes coffee ln
slDid.
— . — — ♦_
ZPeack 'Desserts.
Peaches make delicious desserts if pre
parrd carefully and serveu daintily. The
following receipts are we worth trying,
now that peaches are cheap:
PEACH COBBLER— Line a granite
dripping-pan or other baking-pan with a
rich crust— a crust too rich for biscuit
and not rich enough for pies; pare and
quarter some firm, juicy peaches and
stand them on end in the paste-lined pan,
crowding them closely together and mak
ing a second layer if the pan be deep. To
the parings add water and boi! for ton
minutes; strain, add sugar and boll again
to the consistency of a thin syrup. Pour
this syrup over the fruit, dot with but
ter and bake. Send to the table as baked,
pinning a folded napkin around the sides
of the pan. Serve with rich cream.
PEACH BETTY— MiI three cups of fine
bread crumbs, one-half a cup of granu
lated BUgar. one heaping teaspoonful of
powdered cinnamon and a dash of salt.
Melt two generous tabu-spoonfuls of but
ter and stir in with the crumbs. Sprinkle
a layer «>f these in the bottom of a deep
pudding dish which has be.en well but
tered, then add a layer of peeled and
quartered peaches. Continue thus until
the dish is full, having crumbs on top.
This must be baked about forty minutes,
keeping closely l covered for half that time.
Stive while hot with sweetened cream or
rich milk.
PEACH PUDDING— One dozen ripe
peaches, one pint of cream, one cupful
of bread crumbs, one-half cupful of su
gar, one wlnopiassfu] of white wine and
four eggs. Heat the cream, pour over the
crumbs and soak for two hours. Beat the
yolks of the eggs with the sugar, add
the moistened crumbs and cream, and
beat again; stir in the peaches mashed to
a pulp and the wine, and just before bak
ing add the whites beaten to a stiff fr.nh.
Line the baking pan with pastry if pre
ferred, or bake the pudding without it.
Serve with cream.
BAKED PEACHES— "Wash and wine
nice rip'- peaches, place In a shallow bak
ing dish with just enough water to pre
vent them sticking, sprinkle with sugar,
bits of butter and grated nutmeg. To be
eaten v/arm as a vegetable.
PEACH TRIFLE— Pare, quarter and
cept gas. The term "camping out" usually
suggests all sorts of .discomforts contingent
upon roughing it in the open. These pic
Choice Receipts
Welt
Worth Prying.
sugar the peaches, putting thorn in a serv
ing dish and chilling in the ice box. Be
fore serving heap with whipped cream.
FROZEN PEACHES— Mash twelve or
fourteen peaches to ;i pulp, add one pint
each of sugar and water; mix well and
freeze. All frozen mixtures are better
If allowed to stand three or four hours be
fore using.
PEACH CUSTARD— One tablespoonful
of cornstarch, one and a half pints of
milk, half a cup of sugar, one teaspoonful
of butter, yolks of two eggs.. When cus
tard has cooked thick and creamy set it
aside to cool. Perl half a dozen large
peaches, cut in small pieces and add them
to the cold custard. Beat the whites or
two eggf to a stiff froth, sweeten gener
ously, add two tablesponnfuls of finely
minced peaches, spread over the custard
and serve at once.
PEACH PUDDING— One cup of sugar,
one of milk, three of flour, two eggs, one
half cup of butter, two toaspoonfuls bak
ing powder. This should be spread over
a broad, shallow pan. On top of this bat
ter place peaches, halved, peeled and
seeded. In the hollows put sugar, a bit
of butter and a drop of vanilla. Bake,
and (fit warm with milk.
FRIED PEACH CREAM— PIace one
pint of milk in a double boiler. Beat to
gether two eggs, add a good half cup of
sugar and beat again, then add one table
gpoonful of flour, two table-spoonfuls of
cornstarch, a pinch of salt, all mixed to a
paste v.-Ith a little cold milk. Stir this into
the boiling milk with a lar™ cup of finely
chopped peaches. Let cook about fifteen
minuses and pour in a shallow greased
pan. When cold turn out and cut in
strips, dip in beaten egg and cracker
crumbs, fry in smoking hot fat, drain on
paper and dust with powdered sugar be
fore serding to table.
Sweet iPeekies.
THE PICKLE— Mix one teaspoon ful
each of allspice, green ginger and cinna
mon; half a teaspoonful of nutmeg and
Jke Midday
2y Marion Jtarlandr*
The word comes to us from the Span
ish, and is defined by our English lexi
cographers as "a shcrt midday nap.'' Ihfe
deeper root is in the Latin s^ssum, "to
sit," or sessita-re, "to sit long."
It suits riy present purpose to make n
composite of the definitions that snail
cover what the siesta should mean
and be:
"A pause in the day's occupations"
that shall knit up at least the cuff of the
raveled sleeve of care; a breathing spell
half way up the long hill of daily toil; a
loosening of the tension of the human ma
chine; an interim between forenoon and
afternoon, devoted honestly, openly ar.d
religiously to rest, pure and simple.
To do nothing confessedly and deliber
ately for an hour, or for half that time,
is an Impropriety in the sight of our aver
age housewife, a misdemeanor in the es
timation of her busy husband. He may
! whittle a stick and she twiddle her
; thumbs -while gossiping with a neighbor
for half as long again without offense to
conscience. Not one in five hundred of
either sex has the moral courage to say.
"I make it a rule to get an hour's char
rest after luncheon (or dinner) every day,
and I miss it sadly when I do not
j have it."
A woman upon whom I was urging the
siesta as a work of necessity and mercy
told me that she was "opposed upon prin
ciple to forming any habit the interrup
tion of which would make her uncom
fortable.
"If 1 take a rest at a certain hour every
day I should be sleepy always at that
! hour, and sometimes that would be incon
| venient, you know."
I retorted that the same objection ap
plied to the formation of any habit, such,
for instance, as eating one's luncheon or
taking a daily bath, or a brisk constitu
tional, or combing the hair, or brushing
the teeth.
I remarked, moreover, in my haste,
what I beg leave to repeat here at' my
leisure— that, in my opinion, not one of
the practices I enumerated was more es
sential to my health of mind and body
than the midday rest hour. Were I
a dictator I would enjo-in it by law,
and enforce It by the constabulary.
i
fir) Inviting SWeboard.
It should be a penal offense
to do any work of whatever de
scription between the hours of 2 and 3 In
the afternoon, and each man, woman and
child should rest apart from the other
members of the household. And after this
manner should the sanitary season be
spent.
Dealing with the house mother, as the
one most in need of this type of life pre
server, and the one whose example would
be most surely followed by the rest:
She must retire to her room and let
down her hair, exchange her dress far a
loose wrapper, when she has removed her
stays; don a pair of loose slippers, dis
pose herself as luxuriously as possible
upon bed, lounge or reclining chair, and
think of nothing, so far as in her Ht-s. for
the full number 'of minutes prescribed by
law. If she cannot make a vacuum of her
mini, let her read in moderation the
lightest novel she can lay her hands upon
without exerting herself to look for it.
She should empty her mind of care, turn
ing it upside down to drain out the dregs.
For the next hour she should belong en
tirely to herself, and have no earthly con
cern except to relax physical, mental and
moral muscles. If the light fiction should
interest her to the extent of making her
care "what comes next in the story" it
should be laid by as unfit for the pur
pose she has in hand. Presently she. will
grow drowsy; the book will slide from the
lax fingers, the eyelids close, and sleep
that
blessed thing,
Beloved from pole to pole —
carry on the good work to fulfillment.
Leaving Utopia and theory, I would
observe that the length of tho slumber—
the genuine "nap"— is not so important
as the reality of the loss of conscious
ness. Ten minutes will as surely ioosen
the invisible screw at the base of the
brain as an hour.
The busiest literary woman I know as
cribes the sustained vigor of bodily a-nd
mental powers that enables her to work
at sixty as earnestly and happily as at
forty to the siesta never intermitted, ex
cept under the stress of necessity, for
thirty-five years.
"I seldom really sleep a quarter of an
hour," she says. "Sometimes I only lose
myself for five minutes and awake, made
over. Then I have a rapid bath, dress and
am good for another half day's work."
She has condensed the life giving secret
into two words, "Lose myself."
tores, however, demonstrate that at Lark
spur the "advantages" of outdoor life were
combined with those of- a city home. -•'
cloves: put them in an earthen jar and
pour in one quart of boiling hot vinegar.
Cover and lr-t stand two or three days.
Stir often. After the third day strain,
allow to settle and strain again. Place on
the stove, add four pounds of sugar and
cook until scum ceases to rise. Use to
pickle the following fruits:
PICKLED I'EAKS-Peel the fruit and
steam fifeen minutes. Then boil in the
pickle for a few moments: set away to
cool, and repeat the next day. Fill Jars
with them, seal and put away.
TOMATOES PICKLED— Use medium
sized, tirm tomatoes. Scald and skin
them. Place them in a large Bteamer
and cook twenty minutes; drop them in,
the pickle and cook from ten to twelve
minutes. Pack in earthen jars and cover
wiih tho pickle.
PICKI.ED PEACHES— ScaId and skin
the peaches. Bring the pickle to a boll
and turn in the peaches. Boil six min
ut< b, pour off the pickle and boil it five
minutes, then pack the peaches in a jar
and cover with the pickle, seal and put
away.
PICKLED BLACKBERRIES-Brine
the pickle to a boil, add the berries and
cook slowly for fifteen minutes. Put in
glasses and set away. Blackberries pick
led in this way are very nice to eat with
mutton.
PICKLED APPLES— Crab apples are
best, though the large everyday apples
may be used. If crab apples are used
wash them and boil until they are ten
der. Boil the pickle and pour it over the
apples. Allow to stand a day and then re
peat. After the second boiling of the
pickle place the fruit in jars and seal.
If after a few weeks or months the
pickles be covered with mold, strain off
the juice and boil, adding enough fresh
pickle to cover the fruit. Sometimes the
most carefully put up fruit proves a fail
urt. There la no telling why: it simply
does. As a rule the only remedy is re
cooking and immediate use.
The latest Government census in India
.showed 6,016.759 girls between five and
nine years of ;if_'.- who were already mar
ried, of whom 170,000 had become widows.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
gMBWJBtI Is removed by DR. and MRS.
Mjr«Ljs3 l A. W. TRAVERSE, Donohc*
SjPS^^S?%S building, 1170 Market St., cor.
K^TTiV Taylor, rooms 2S-29, .with tha
Hfc^agS » electric needle, without pain or
fP^JT^y^^Ti scar. Moles, warts, wrinkles,
BES* _^™ blackheads, freckels. blrth-
Y^JRs- 'fil marks, etc., alsc removed. Per-
EHSHWiffi&yS! manoncy guaranteed. Hours, 1
mssassstam to 4 p. m.
LOIE FULLER
Uses the best skin food and tissue builder,
BRAHMAN TOILET CREAM.ACTIVE
SERVICE
Copyrighted.
MARJORY WAINWRIGHT falls in love with Rufus Colrmar.. Sunday editor
of the New York Eclipse. She tella her father, one of the most learned
professors In a great Kaitern college, of h»r Intention to marry Column, and
In spite of the fact that Coleman waa at one- time a favorite pupil the match
Is most bitterly opposed by him. He arranges a trip to Greece hoping to pre
vent the wadding. Coleman calls on Marjory for an answer to his suit. To
try his affection she treats him coolly and announces her trip to Greece. He
misunderstands, and the result Is they say good-'oy In a most matter of tact
manner, but Marjory rushes In tears to her father fully convinced that Cole
man does not love her. -while Coleman roes to the ciub and drowns his rrlef
In drink. The professor arranges to take seme Of hl3 students with his family
to Greece — amors them a young sophomore named Coke, who has distinguished
himself '.a a freshman rush and Is regarded by Coleman in the llffht of a
rival. Coleman rets an appointment as war correspondent of the Eclipse for
the war In iirp«ee and sails via London. On the st-amer ha meets Nora Black,
a celebrated dancer and an old friend, who pays him marked attention.
Coleman rather slights the attentions cf the fair Nora and in turn Is him
self snubbed. He leaves London without tellies her road-by, although she sits
near him a: cupper, and from remarks she makes to her party he know? she
te fond of him. In Greece he learn* that the \Vair.-,v::grt party ire at Niicopolls
and In danger, so ■-.- seta tat for that point at once.
Coleman finds the approach to Nikopo'.is surrounded with difficulties *nd no
traos of the Wainwrtghts. He receives a cables from the Eclipse to as
certain the whereabouts of the party at all haiards, as their position had
already created considerable comment '■" Arrvrica.
He proceed* with a portion of the Greek cavalry toward Nlkopolis. The
Greek* hear of reverses and sudier.ly retreat, leaving Coleman and his drago
man to get back the best way they can. Ntcnt cemes en auJ by a queer
chance the Walawrlghta overtake Coleman on the road. They are unarmed
»nd in a state of trepidation. All are in dancer cf massacre by either Greek or
Turkish hillemen and the burden of taking tbe party to safety falls on Cole
man. The party proceeds on its way to Arta and ir.eets the Greek outpost,
but learns of farther dar.gers ahead. To the sunrise of all they meet Nora
Black with a party on the road.
[Continued.]
Coleman made the mistake of hesitating. For a fraction of a moment
he had acted as if he were embarrassed, and was only going to nod and
sa.y, "How d'do?"
He arose ar.d came forward too late. She was looking at him with a
menacing glance which meant difficulties for him if he was not skillful.*
Keen as an eagle, she swept her glance over the face and figure of Mar
jory. Without further Introduction the girls seemed to understand that
they were enemies.
Despite his feeling of awkwardness Coleman'a mind was mainly occu
pied by pure astonishment. "Nora Black?" he said, as if even then ha
could not believe his senses. "How in the world did you get down here?"
• She was not too amiable evidently over his reception, and she seemed
to know perfectly that it was in her power to make him feel extremely
■unpleasant. "Oh* It's not bo far," she answered. "I don't see where you
come in to ask me what I'm doing here. What are you doing here?" She
lifted her eyes and shot the halt of a glance at Marjory. Into her last
question she had interjected a spirit of ownership in which he saw future
woe. It turned him cowardly. "Why. you know I was sent up here by
the paper to rescue the Wainwright party, and I've got them. I'm taking
them to Arta. But why are you re?"
"I am here," the said, giving him the most defiant of glances, "prin
cipally to look for you."
Even the horse she rode betrayed an intention of abiding upon that
spot forever. She had made her communication with Coleman appear to
the "Wain wright party as a sort of tender reunion.
Coleraan looked at her with a steely eye. "Nora, you can certainiy ba
a devil when you choose."
"Why don't you present me to your friends? Miss Nora Black, special
correspondent of the New York Daylight, if you please. I belong to your
opposition. I am your rival, Rufus. and I draw a bigger salary— ac«?
Funr.y looking gang, that. Who is the old Johnnie in the white wig?"
where you goin'— you can't"— blundered Coleman miserably.
"Aw— the army Is in retreat and you must go back — don't you see?"
"Is it?" she asked. After a pause she added coolly: "Then I shall go
back to Arta with you and your precious Wainwrights."
CHAPTER XVI.
Giving Coleman another glance of subtle menace Nora repeated, "Why
dor.- you present me to your friends?" Coleman had been swiftly search-
Ing the whole world for a way clear of this unhappiness. but he knew at
last thiit he could only die at his guns. "Why, certainly." he said quickly,
"if you wisn :t." He sauntered easily back to the luncheon blanket. "This
Is Miss Black of the New York Daylight, and she says that those people
on the mountain are Greeks" The students were gaping at him, and
Marjory and her father sat in the same silence. But to the relief of Cole
man ami to the high edification of the students, Mrs. Wainwrtght cried out,
"Why is she an American > man: 1 ' 1 And seeing Coleman's nod of assent
ehe rustled to her feet and advanced hastily upon the complacent horse
woraan "I'm delighted to see you. Who would think of seeing an Ameri
can woman way over here? Have you been here long? Are you going on
further? Oh we've had such a dreadful time." C< '.••man remained long
enough to I . -..;• Nora say: "Thank you very much, but I shan't dismount.
I "arrf going to ride back to Arta presently." .  _.
Th*n he heartt Mrs. Wainwright cry: "Oh. you are indeed? Why, we.
too a'-f- going at orce to Arta. We can all go together. Coleman fled
•v e " n Vo" th* bosom of the students, who all looked at him with eyes of
cvr'cal penetration: He cast a glance at Marjory, more than fearing a
K'anc* which denoted an implacable resolution never to -forgive this thing.
On'rh* cortra-y he had never seen her so content and serene. "iou have
allowed your coffee to get chilled," she said considerately. "Won't you
havfl the man warm you some more?"
"Thanks, no." he answered with gratitude.
Nora changing her mind, had dismounted and was coming with Mrs.
Wa 1 -.wright That worthy lady had long had a fund of. information and
anecdote -the sound of which neither her husband nor her daughter would
endure f or a moment. Of course the rascally students were out of the
QusstJon Here en, was really the first ear amiably and cheerfully open
a-.d «he"was talking at what the students called her "thirty-knot gait."
"Lost evervtuiuW. Absolutely everything. Neither of us has even a
brush and mb, or a cake of soap, or enough hairpins to hold up our
hair. I'm going to take Marjory's away from her and let her braid her
hai ; down her back. You can imagine how dreadful it Is—
Colrman broke -what imperiously into this feminine chat. "Well,
we mist be moving, you know," and his voice started the men into actlv-
Ity When the traps were all packed again on the horse Coleman looked
back surprised to see the three women engaged in the most friendly dis
cussion The combined parties now made a very respectable squadron.
Coipm.in rode off it its head without glancing behind at all. He knew
that they wre following from the soft pounding of the horses' hoofs on
the "od and from the mellow hum of human voices.
For a long time he did not think to look Hpon himself as anything but
a nan much injured by circumstances. Among his friends he could count
numbers who had lived long lives without having this peculiar class of mis
fort'jre come to them. In fact, it was so unusual a misfortune that men
of th* world had not found it necessary to pass from mind to mind a per
fect formula for dealing with it. But he soon began to consider himself
an extraordinary person Inasmuch as Nora Black had come upon him with
her saddle ..:s packed with inflammable substances, so to speak, and
there had been as yet only enough fire to boil coffee for luncheon. He
laughed tenderly when he thought of the Innocence of Mrs. Wainwright.
but his face and back flushed with heat when he thought of the canniness
cf the eight American college students.
He heard a horse cantering up on his left side and looking he saw
Nora Black. She was beaming with satisfaction and good nature. "Well,
jtufus." she cried flippantly, "how goes it. with the gallant rescuer?
You've made a bit, my boy. You are The success of the season."
Coleman reflected upon the probable result of a direct appeal to Nora.
He knew of course that such appeals were usually idle, but he did not
consider Nora an ordinary person. His decision was to venture It. He
drew his horse close to hers. "Nora," he said, "do you know that you
are raising the very devil?"
She raised her finely penciled eyebrows and looked at him with the
baby stare. "How?" she fr.oulred. •■ -
•'You know wel! enough." he gritted out wrathfuliy.
"Raising the very devil?" she asked. "How do you mean?" She waa
palpably Interested for his answer. She waited for his reply for an Inter
val, and then she asked him outright, "Rufus Coleman, do you mean that
I am not a respectable woman?"
In reality he had meant nothing of the kind, but this direct throttling
of a great question stupefied him utterly, for he saw now that she would
probably never understand him in the least and that she would at any
rate always pretend not to understand him. and that the more he said the
more harm he manufactured. She studied him over carefully and then
wheeled her horse toward the rear with some parting remarks. "I sup
r n S » you should attend more strictly to your own affairs. Rufus. Instead
of 'raising the devil I am lending hairpins. I have seen you insult people,
but I have never seen you insult any one quite for the whim of the thing.
Go soak your head."
Not considering it advisable to then indulge In such immersion Cole
man rode moodily onward. The hot dust continued to sting the cheeks of
the travelers and in some places great clouds of dead leaves roared in
circles about them. All of the Wainwright party were utterly fagged
Coleman felt his skin crackle and his throat seemed to be coated with the
white dust. He worried his dragoman as to the distance to Arta until the
dragoman lied to the point where he always declared" that Arta was only
off some hundreds of yards.
At their places in the procession Mrs. Wair.wright and Marjory wer»
animatedly talking to Nora and tha old lady on the little pony. They had
at first suffered great amazement at the voluntary presence of the old lady
but she was there really because she knew no better. Her colossal Ignor
ance took the form, mainly, of a most obstreperous patriotism, and Indeed
she always acted in a foreign country as if she were the special commis
sioner of the President, or perhaps as a special commissioner could not act
at all. She was very aggressive, and when any of the traveling arrange
ments in Europe did not suit her Ideas she was wont to shrilly exclaim
"Well • New York is pood enough for me." Nora, morbidly afraid that her
expense bill to the Daylight would not be large enough, had dragged her
bodily off to Greece as her companion, friend and protection. At Arta they -
had heard of the grand success of the Greek army The Turks had no*t
stood for a moment before that gallant and terrible advance: no; they had
scampered howling with fear into the north. Jannina would fall—
Jannina would fall as soon as the Greeks arrived. Th*re was no doubt of
it The correspondent and her friend, deluded and hurried by the light
hearted confidence* of the Greeks in Arta. had hastened out then on a reg
ular tourist's excursion to see Jannina after its capture Nora concealed
from her friend the fact that the editor of the Daylight particularly
wished her to see a battle so that she might write an article on actual
warfare from a woman's point of view. With her name as a queen of
conY opera such an article from her pen would he a burning sensation.
Pni.m 9 ? had been the first to point out to Nora that instead of going
en a Dicnic to Jannina she had better run back to Arta. When the old lady
b" a^ that they had not been entirely safe she was furious with Nora.
"The idea'" she exclaimed to Mrs. Wainwright. "They might have caught
ÜB! ..^el?'" in B l sd t Mrs V e Wai U n^ighC»l verily believe they would hav * caught
us if It "hod not been for Mr. Coleman. "
"I* he the rent eman on the fine norser splendid I confess I waa
•Te" that's him Oh, he haa been sim-p!ee splendid I confess I waa
a little blt-"-«urprlsed. He was In college under my husband. I don't
know that we thought very great things of him. but If ever a man won
' V that° n rnu h st be the Ol Cole°m f a m who is such a great friend of Nora."
n Ye^'" -aid Mrs. Wainwright Insidiously "If he? I didn't know Of
-he k'r-^w- so many people." Her mind had been suddenly illumined
: Kdy and she thoWfit extravagantly of the^arrival °f Nora upon
th-  one c he remained all sweetness to the old lady. Die jou know h«
was h!r£» Did you expect to meet him' It seemed such a delightful coln
cM%c^no"lt«nVt&X"*»*bl' 1 Si!?t e &No» nation It. Of course
.he would 'haVe Told me. You know our coming tc .Greece^. such a
Via % >vv /// ~*
course Nora wouldn't stand it a minute, and then these newspaper people
came alone and asked her to go to Greece for them and she accepted. I
re 1 never expected to find us— aw— fleeing from the Turks or I
shouldn't have come."
Mrs. Uoinwright was gasping. "You don't mean that she fs— she is
Nora Black, the actress?* 1
'•Of cour< ■ said the old lady jubilantly.
"\\ hy. so strange." choked Mrs. Wainwright. Nothing she knew or
Nora could account for her stupefaction and grief. What happened glar
ingly to her was the duplicity of man. Coleman was a ribald deceiver. He
must have known and yet he had pretended throughout that the meeting
was a pure accident She turned with a nervous impulse to sympathize
with her daughter, but despite the lovely tranquility of the girl's face there
- imetning about her which forbade the mother to meddle. Anyhow
Mrs. Wainwright was sorry that she had told nice things of Coleman's
>r, bo she said to the old lady: "Young men of these times get a
false age so quickly. We have always thought it a great pity about Mr.
Cowman."
"Why, how bo?" asked the old lady. • ,
"Oh, really nothing. Only to us he seemed rather er— prematurely
experienced or something of that kind."'
"The ol<l lady .lid not catch the meaning of the phrase. She seemed sur
prised. "Why. I've never seen any full-grown person in this world who
got experience any too quick for his own good."
At the tail of the procession there was talk between the two students
who had in chars.' the little gray horse one to lead and one to flog.
"Billie." said one. "it now becomes necessary to lose this hobby Into the
hands of some of the other fellows. Whereby we will Rain opportunity to
pay homage to the great Nora. Why. you egregious thick head, this is
the chance of a lifetime. I'm d if I'm to tow this beast of burden much
Ur -You wouldn't stand a show," said BHUa pessimistically. "Look at
"That's all right. Do you m«an to Bay that you prefer to continue
towing pack horses In the presence of this queen of Bonn and the dance
just because you think Coleman can throw out his chest a little more than
you? Not so. Think of your bright and sparkling youth. There's Coke
and Pete Tounley near Marjory- we'll calf 'em." whereupon he set up
a cry. "Say, you people, we're not getting a salary for this. Suppoeln'
you try for a time. It'll do you good." When the two addressed had
halted "to await the arrival of the little gray horse they took on glum ex
pressions. "You look like poisoned pups," said the student who led the
horse. "Too strong for light work. Grab onto the halter, now, Peter, and
tow. We are going ahead to talk to Nora Black."
"Good time you'll have, " answered Peter Tounley. "Coleman Is cot
tin' up scandalous. You won't stand a show."
"What do you think of him?" said Coke. "Seems ourions all roml
Do you suppose he knew she would show up? It was nervy to—"
"Nervy to what?" asked Billle.
"Well." said Coke, "seems to me he is playing both ends against the
middle. I don't know anything about Nora Black, Dut—"
The three other students expressed themselves with conviction and in
chorus. "Colrman's all right."
"Well, anyhow," continued Coke. "I don't see my wsvjr free to admir
ing him Introducing Nora Black to the Walnwrights, '
"He didn't." said the others, still In chorus.
"Queer game," said Peter Tounley. "He seems to know her pretty
well."
"Pretty d well." said Billle.
"Anyhow, he's a brick." said Peter Tounley. "We mustn't forget that.
Lo, I begin to feel that our Rufus is a fly guy of many different kinds.
Any play that he Is in commands my respect. He won't be hit by a chim
ney in the daytime, for unto him has come much wisdom. I don't think
I'll worry."
"Is he stuck on Nora Black, do you know?" asked Billie.
"One thing Is p!.ain." replied Coke. "She has got him somehow by the
short hair and she Intends him to holler murder. Anybody can see that."
"Well, he won't holler murder," said one of them with conviction. "I'll
bet you he won't. He'll hammer the warpost and beat the tomtom until he
drops, but he won't holler murder."
"Old Mothnr Wair.wri?;ht will be In his wool presently," quoth Peter
Tounley musingly. "I could see It coming In her eye. Somebody has
given his snap away, or something."
"Aw. he had no snap." said Billle. "Couldn't you see how rattled he
was? He would have given a lac ;f dear Nora hadn't turned up."
"Of course," the others assented, "he was rattled."
"Looks queer. And nasty," said Coke.
"Nora herself had an ax ready for him."
They began to laugh. "If she had had an umbrella she would hare
basted him over the head with It. Oh, my! He was green."
"Nevertheless," said Peter Tounley, "I refuse to worry over our Rufus.
When he can't take care of himself the rest of us want to hunt cover.
He Is a fly guy."
Coleman in the meantime had become aware that the light of Mrs.
Wainwrighfs countenance was turned from him. The party stopped at a
well, and when he offered her a drink from his cup he thought she ac
cepted It with scant thanks. Marjory was still gracious, always gTacious,
but this did not reassure Mm. because he felt there was much unfathom*
able deception In it. When be turned to geek consolation In the manner
THE SUNDAY CALL.
of the professor he found him as before, stunned with surprise, and th«
only idea he had was to be as tractable as a child.
When he returned to the head of the column Nora again cantered for
ward to join him. "Well, me gay Lochlnvar," she cried, 'and has your
disposition improved?"
"You are very fresh," he said. . __ _.
She laughed loud enough to be heard the full length of the caravan. It
was a beautiful laugh, but full of insolence and confidence. He flashed his
eyes malignantly upon her. but then she only laughed more, bhe cou s d
ccc that he wished to strangle her. "What a disposition" she said. \\ hat
a disposition: You are not nearly so nice as your friends. Now they are
charming, but you— Rufus. I wish you would get that temper mended.
Dear Rufus, do it to please me. You know you like to please me. Don t
you. now, dear?" 
He finally laughed. "Confound you, Nora. I would like to kill you
But at his laugh she was all sunshine. It Was as if she had been
trying to taunt him into good humor with her. "Aw, now. Rufus, don t be
angry. I'll be good. Rufus. Really I will. Listen. I want to tell you
something. Do you know what I did? Well, you know I never was cut
out for this business, and back there when you told me about the lurks
being near and all that sort of thing I was frightened almost to <i«atti.
Really I was. So when nobody was looking I sneaked two or three little
drinks out of my flask. Two or three little drinks—"
CHAPTER XVII.
"Good God!" said Coleman. "You don't mean—" --- -,
Nora smiled rosily at him. "Oh. I'm all right," she answered^ Don t
worry about your Aunt Nora, my precious boy. Not for a minute. .__
Coleman was horrified. "But you are not going to— you are not going
to — "
"Not at all, me son. Not at all," she answered "I'm not going to
prance. I'm going to be as nice as pie, and Just ride quietly along here
with dear little Rufus. Only • • you know what I can do »neni *«
started, so you had better be a very good boy. I might take it into my
head to say some things, you know." *_«— *
Bound hand and foot at his stake, he could not even chant his defiant
torture song. It might precipitate— in fact, he was sure it would Precipitate
the grand smash. But to the very core of his soul he for the time hated
Nora Black. He did not dare to remind her that he would revenge him
self; he dared only to dream of this revenge: but it fairly made his
thoughts flame, and deep in his throat he was swearing an innexime per
secution of Nora Black. The old expression of his sex came to him. on
if she were only a man!" If she had been a man he would have fallen upon
her tooth and nail. Her. motives for all this impressed him not at ai is^e
was simply a witch who bound him helpless with the power of herrem
lninity and made him eat cinders. He was so sure that his face D^a-Jed
him that he did not dare let her see it. "Well, what are you going to do
about it?" he asked, over his shoulder. .
"O-o-oh." she drawled, impudently. -'Nothing." He could see that she
was determined not to be confessed. "I may do this or I may do tnai. 11
all depends upon your behavior, my dear Rufus."
As they rode on he deliberated as to the best means of dealing with .this
condition. Suddenly he resolved to go with the whole tale direct to Mar
jory, and to this end he half wheeled his horse. He would reiterate that
he loved her and then explain— explain! He groaned when he came to me
word and ceased formation. _. ... ...„
The cavalcade reached at last the bank of the Aracthus River, with its
lemon groves and lush grass. A battery whe-»ed before them over the
ancient bridge— a flight of short, broad cobbled steps up as far as the cen
ter of the stream and a similar flight down to the other bank. The return
ing aplomb of the travelers was well illustrated by the P rof^ so l' I^n'
upon sighting this bridge, murmured. "Byzantine." This was the first in
dication that he had still within him a power to resume the normal.
The steep and narrow street was crowded with soldiers; the smoky
little coffee shops wore a-babble with people discussing the news from the
front. None seamed to he*"! ♦he remarkable procession that wended its way
to the cable office. Here Coleman resolutely took precedence. He knew V 9
there was no rood In expecting intelligence out of the chaotic clerks but he
mar aged to get upon the wires this message: "Eclipse-, New York: Got
Wainwright party; all well. Coleman." The students had struggled to
Bend messages to their people in America, but they had only succeeded in
deepening the tragic boredom of the clerks.
When Coleman returned to the street he thought that he had seldom
looked upon a more moving spectacle than the Wainwright party presented
at that moment. Most of the student 3 were seated in a row, dejectedly.
upon the curb. The professor and Mrs. Wainwright looked like two old
pictures, which, after an existence in a considerate gloom, had been
brought out in their tawdriness to the clear light. Hot white dust covered
everybody, and from out the grim}' faces the eves blinked, red-fringed
with sleeplessness. Desolation sat upon all save Marjory. She possessed
some marvelous power of looking always fresh. This quality had Indeed im
pressed the old lady on the little pony until she had said to Nora Black,
"That girl would look well anywhere." Nora Black had not been amiable
In her reply.
Coleman called the professor and the dragoman for a durbar. The
drapreman said, "Well, I can get one carriage, and we can go immediate
lee."
"Carriage be blowed!" said Coleman. "What these people need is reit,
sleep. You must find a place at once. These people can't remain in the
street." He spoke in anger, as if he had previously told the dragoman and
the latter had been inattentive. The man immediately departed.
Coleman remarked that there was no course but to remain in the street
until his dragoman had found them a habitation. It was a mournful wait-
Ing. The students sat on the curb. Once they whispered to Coleman,
suggesting a drink, but he told them that he knew only one cafe, the en
trance of which would be in plain sight of the rest of the party. The ladies
talked together in a group of four. Nora Black was bursting with the
fact that her servant had hired rooms in Arta on their outcoming journey,
and she wished Mrs. Walnwright and Marjory to come to them, at least
for a time, but she dared not risk a refusal, and she felt something in Mrs.
Wainwright's manner which led her to be certain that such would be the
answer to her invitation. Coleman and the professor strolled slowly up
and down the walk.
"Well, my work is over, sir." said Coleman. "My paper told me to find
you, and through no virtue of my own I found you. I am very glad of It.
I don't know of anything in my life that has given me greater pleasure."
The professor was himself again in so far as he h.ad lost all manner of
dependence. But still he could not vet be bumptious. "Mr. Coleman." he
said. "I am placed under life-long obligation to you. • • • I am not
thinking of myself so much. • * * My wife and daughter— His grati
tude was so genuine that he could not finish its expression.
"Oh, don't speak of it," said Coleman. "I really didn't do anything
The dragoman finally returned and led them to a house which he .had
rented for gold. In the great bare upper chamber the students dropped
wearily to- the floor, while the woman of the house took the Wainwrights
to a more secluded apartment. As the door closed on them Coleman turned
like a flash "Have a drink?" he said. The students arose around him
like the wave of a flood. "You bet." In the absence of changes of cloth
ing ordinary food, the possihilltv of a bath, and in the presence of great
weariness and dust Coleman's whisky seemed to them a glistening luxury.
Afterward they laid down as if to sleep, but in reality they were too dirty
and too fagged' to sleep. They simDlr lay murmuring. Peter Tounley evea
developed a small fever.
It was at this time that' Coleman suddenly discovered his acute Inter
est In the progressive troubles of his affair of th-" heart had placed the
business of his newspaper in the rear of his mind. The greater part of the
next hour he spent in retting off to New York that dispatch which created
so much excitement for him later. Afterward he was free to reflect mood
ily upon- the ability of Nora Black to distress him. She. with her retinue,
had disappeared toward her own rooms. At dusk he went into the street.
and was edified to see Nora's dragoman dodging along' In his waKe. M»
thought that this was simply another manifestation <*f Nora a interest in
his movements, and so he turned a corner, and there paused, waiting- uptu
the dragoman spun around directly Into his arms. But it seemed that tn«
man had a note to deliver, and I ttly his Oriental way of doing it.
The note read: "Ceme and tlinr with me to-night." It was not a re
quest. It was peremptory. •All right." he said, scowling at the maa.
He did not go at once', for he wished to reflect for a time and find if he
could not evolve some weapons of his ov.n. It seemed to him tnat au me
others were liberally supplied with weapons.
A clear, cold night had come upon the earth when he signified to the
lurking dragoman that he was in readiness to depart with him to >oras
abode. They passed finally Into a dark courtyard, up a winding staircase,
across an embowered balcony, and Coleman entered alone a room where
there were lights.
His feet were scarcely over the threshold before he had concluded that
the tigress was how going to try some velvet purring. He noted that the
arts of the stage had not been thought too cheaply obvious for use. Nora
sat facing the door. A bit of yellow silk had been twisted about the crude
shape of the lamp, and it made the play of light, amberlike, shadowy- anu
yet perfectly clear, the light which women love. She was arrayed in a
puzzling gown of that kind of Grecian silk which is so doc:lr that one can
pull yards of it through a ring. It was the color of new straw. Her chin,
was leaned pensively upon her palm and the light fell or. a pearly roundea
forearm. She was looking at him with a pair of famous eyes, azure, per
haps—certainly purple at times— and it may be black at odd moments— a
pair of eyes that had made many an honest man's heart jump if he thought
they were looking at him. It was a vision, yes. but Ooleman's cynical
knowledge of drama overpowered his sen=e of its beauty. He broke out
brutally in the phrases of the American street. "Your dragoman \a a rub
ber-reck. If he keeps darklng me I will simply have to kick the stuffing
out of him."
She was alone in the room. Her old lady had been instructed to have a
headache and send apologies. She was not disturbed by Coleman's words.
"Sit down, Rufus, and have a cigarette, and don't be cross, because I won t
stand it."
He obeyed her glumly. She had placed hi? chair where not a charm of
her could be lost upon an observant man. Evidently she did not purpose
to allow him to irritate her away from her original plan. Purring was now
her method and none of his Insolence couM achieve a grow! from the
tigress. She arose, savin* softly: "You look tired, almost ill. poor boy.
I will give yn U some brandy. I have almost everything that I could thir.K
to make those Daylight people buy." TViffin a sweep of her hand she indi
cated the astonishing opulence of Ore possessions in different parts or the
room.
As she stood over him with the brandy there came through the smoke
of his cigarette the perfume of orris root and violet.
A servant b*>gan to arrange the little cold dinner on a camp table, and
Coleman saw with an enthusiasm which he could not fully master four
ouart bottles of a notable brand of champagne placed in a rack on the
floor.
At dinner Nora was sisterly. She watched him. waited upon him.
treated him to an affectionate intimacy for which he knew a thousand
men who would have hated him. The champagne was cold.
Slowly he melted. By the time that the boy came with little cups of
Turkish coffee he was at least amiable. Nora talked dreamily. "The
dragoman say? this room used to be part of the harem ions: ago." She
shot him a watchful glance, as if she had expected the fact to affect him.
"Seems curious, doesn't It? A harem. Fancy that." He smoked one cigar
and then discarded tobacco, for the perfume of orris root and violet was
making him meditate.* Nora talked on in a low voice. She knew that
through half-closed lids he was looking at her in steady speculation. She
knew that she was conquering, but no movement of hers betrayed an ela
tion. "With the most exquisite art she aided his contemplation, baring to
him. for Instance, the glories of a statuesque neck, doing it all with tho
manner of a splendid and fabulous virgin who knew not that there was
such a thing as shame. Her stockings were of black silk.
Coleman presently answered her only in monosyllable, making small
distinction between yes and no. He simply sat watching her with eyes in,
which there were two little covetous steel-colored flames.
He was thinking. "To go to the devil— to go to the devil— to go to the
devil with this girl was not a ba* fate— not a bad fate— a bad fate."
CHAPTER XVIII.
"Come out on the balcony." cooed Nora, "There are some funny old!
storks on top of some chimneys near here and they clatter like mad all
day and nieht."
They moved together out to the balcony, but Nora retreated with a
little cry when she felt the coldness of the night. Sh<* said that she would
get a cloak. Coleman was not unlike a man. in a dream H*» walked to
the rail of the balcony, where a great vine climbed toward the roof. He
noted that it was dotted with blossoms, which in the dee of the
Oriental night were colored in strange shadp? of maroftn. This truth pene
trated his abstraction until when Nora -^ame sh<> found him staring- at
them as if their color was a revelation which affceted him vitally. Ph<»
moved to his side without sound, and he first knew of her presence from
the damning fragrance. She spoke just above her breath. "It's a beautiful
evening."
"Yes." he answered. She was at his shoulder. If he moved two inches
he must come in contact. They remained in silence leaning upon the rail.
Finally he began to mutter some commonplaces which meant nothing par
ticularly, but into his tone as he mouthed them was the note of a forlorn
and passionate lover. Then as if by accident he traversed the two inches
and his shoulder was against the soft and yet firm shoulder of Nora
Black. There was something in his throat at this time which changed his
voice into a mere choking noise. She did not move. He could see her eyes
flowing innocently out of the pallor which the darkness gave to her face.
f he was touching her she did not seem to knqw it.
"I am awfully tired," said Coleman thickly. "I think I will go home
and turn in."
"You must be. poor boy." said Nora tenderly. '"Wouldn't you like a
little more of that champagne?"
"Well. I don't mind another glass."
She left him again and his galloping thought pounded to the old re
frain. To go to the dexil— to go to the devil— to go to the devil with this
girl was not a bad fate — not a bad fate — not a ba<l fate. When she returned
he drank his glass of champagne. Then he mumbled: "You must be cold.
Let me put your, cape around you better. It won't do to catch cold here,
you know."
She made a sweet pretense of rendering herself to his care. "Oh,
thanks • • * I am not really cold • • • There, that's better."
Of course all his manipulation of the cloak had been a fervid caress,
and although her acting up to this point had remained in the role of the.
splendid and fabulous virgin she now turned her liquid eyes to his with a
look that expressed knowledge, triumph and delight. She waa sure of her
victory. And she said. "Sweetheart • • • don't you think I am as nice as
Marjory?" The impulse had been airily confident.
It was as if the silken cords had been parted by the sweep of a sword.
Coleman's face had instantly stiffened and he looked like a man suddenly
recalled to the ways of light. It may easily have been that in a moment
he would have lapsed again to his luxurious dreajning. But in his face,
the girl had r«=ad a fatal character to her blunder and her resentment
against him took precedence of any other emotion. She wheeled abruptly
from him and said with great contempt: "Rufus. you had better go home.
You're tired and sleepy and more or less drunk." »
He knew that the grand tumble of all their little embowered incident
could be n-Mfh<--r stayed nor mended. "Tea," he answered sulkily, "I thinV
so, too." They shook hands huffily and he went away.
When he arrived among the students he found that they had appropri
ated everything o{ bis which would conduce to their comfort. He waa
furious over it. But to his bitter speeches they replied in jibes.
"Rufus is himself again. Admire his angelic disposition. See hrm
■mile. Gentle soul."
A "teepy voice said from a corner, "T know what pinches him."
"What?" asked several.
"He's b<=f>n to Bee N 7 '«r:\ and she flung' him out bodily."
"Yes.'' sneered Coleman. "At times I seem to spe in you. Coke, th«
fermentation of some primeval form of sensation as if it were possible
for you to develop a mind in two or three thousand years and then at
other times you appear • • • mucL as you are now."
As soon as they had well measurr-d Cplenuuj'a temper all of the stu
dents save Coke kept their mouths tightly closed. Coke either did not un
derstand or his mood was too vindictive for silence. "Well, I know you
get a throw-down all right." he muttered.
"And how would you know when I got a throw-down? You pimply
milk-fed sophomore."
The others perked up their ears in mirthful appreciation of this lan
guage.
"Of course." continued Coleman. "no one would protest against your
continued existence. Coke, unless you insist on recalling yourself violently
to people's attention in this way. The more fact of your living would not
usually be offensive to people If you weren't eternally turning a Bort of
calcium light on your prehensile attributes."
Coke wa? suddenly angry, angry much like a peasant, and his anger
first evinced itself in a mere sputtering and spluttering. Finany he got out
a rather long speech, full of grumbling noises, but he was understood by
all to declare that his prehensile attributes had not led him to cart a noto
rious woman about the world with him. When they quickly looked at
Coleman they saw that he was livid. "You—"
But of course there immediately arose all sorts of protesting cries from
the seven non-combatants. Coleman. as he took twi strides toward Coke's
corner, looked fully able to break him across his knee, but for this Coke did
not seem to care at all. Pie was on his feet with a challenge in his eye.
Upon each cheek burned a sudden hectic spot. The others were clamoring.
"Oh say this won't do. Quit it. Oh. we mustn't have a fight. He didn t
mean it, Coleman." Peter Tounley pressed Coke to the wall, saying, •'You
d young jackass, be quiet."
They were in the midst of these festivities when a door opened and
disclosed the professor. He might have been coming into the middle of a
row in one of the corridors of the college at home, only this time he car
ried a candle. His speech, however, was a Washurst speech. "Gentle-
Tnen gentlemen what does this mean?" All seemed to expect Coleman to
make the answer. He was suddenly very cool. "Nothing, professor' ha
eaid "only that this— only that Coke has insulted me. I suppose that it
was 'only the irresponsibility of a boy, and I beg that you will not trouble
over it."
"Mr. Coke," said the professor indignantly, "what have you to say to
this?" Evidently he could not clearly see Coke, and he peered around his
candle at where the virtuous Peter Tounley was expostulating with the
young man. The figures of all the excited group moving in the candle
light, caused vast and uncouth shadows to have Titanic conflicts in the end
of the room.
Peter Tounley's task waa not light, and beyond that he had the con
viction that his struggle with Coke was making him also to appear as a
rowdy. This conviction was proved to be true by a sudden thunder from
the old professor. 'Mr. Tounley, desist:"
In wrath he desisted and Coke flung himself forward. He paid less at
tention to the professor than if ih* latter had been a jack rabbit. "You
say I insulted you?" he shouted crazily in Coleman's face. "Well • • •
I meant to, do'you see?"
Coleman was gl.icial and lofty beyond everything. "I am glad to have
you admit the truth of what I have said."
Coke was still suffocating with his peasant ruse, which would not
allow him to meet the clear, calm expressions of Coleman. "Yes • • •
I Insulted you • • • I insulted you because whr,t I said was correct
• • * my prehensile attributes • • • yea • • • but I have never—"
He was interrupted by a chorus from the other students. "Oh, no, that
won't do. Don't say that. Don't repeat that. Coke."
Coleman remembered the weak bewilderment of the litt!» professor !n
hours that had not long passed, and it was with something of an imper
sonal satisfaction that he said to himself, "The old boy's got his war
paint on again." The professor had stepped sharply up to Coke and looked
at him with eyes that seemed to throw out flame ar.rl heat. There was a
moment's pause, and then the old scholar spoke, biting his words as If
they were each a short section of steel wire. "Mr. Coke, your behavior
will end your college career abruptly and in gloom, I promise you. You
have been drinking "
Coke, his head simply floating in a sea of universal defiance at one*
blurted out. Tea, Mr."
"You have been drinking?" cried the professor ferociously. "Retire to
your— retire to your— retire— " And then In a voice of thunder he shouted
"Retire."
Whereupon *even hoodlum students waited a decent moment, then
shrieked with laughter. But the old professor would have none of their
nonsense. He quelled them all with force and finish.
Coleman now spoke a few words. "Professor, I can't tell you how
sorry I am that I should he concerned in any such riot as this, and since
we are doomed to be bound so closely into each other's society I offer my
self without reservation as being willing to repair the damage as well as
may be don.:. 1 don't see how I can forget at once that Coke's conduct
was insolently unwarranted, but • ♦ • if he has anything to say • • •
of a nature that might heal the breach • * • I would be willing to • • •
to ies«t him In th-? openest manner." As he made these remarks Cole
man's dignity was something grand, and. moreover, there was now upon
his face that curious look of temperance and purity which had been noted
in Xew York as a singular physical characteristic. If he was guilty of
anything in this affair at all— in fact, if he had ever at any time been,
guilty of anything— no mark had come to stain that bloom of innocence
The professor nodded in the fullest appreciation and sympathy. "Of course
• • • really there is no other sleeping place * • • I suppose it would
be better—" Then he again attacked Coke. "Young man, you have chosen
an unfortunate moment to fill us with a suspicion that you may not be a
gentleman. For the time there is nothing to be done with you." He ad
dressed the other students. "There Is nothing for me to do. young gentle
men, but to leave Mr. Coke In your care. Good-night, sirs. Good-night,
Coleman." He left the room with his candle.
IContinnod naxt tmIU
2526
wvch w?tt w? n?
RROM the standpoint of absolute
purity, broad disinterestedness,
high motive ami general interest
no other sport or sporting event
J^ can even compare with the Inter*
national yacht races scheduled for
October 3, v. 7, 9 and 11 outside the harbor
of New York. These races pr( sent Ideas
that must appeal even to the most sloth
ful citizen. They mean almost as much
to '.!:•■ man who has never seen, a sailboat
as to the enthusiast who talks yachting
all winter and ilia all summer.
With these races it is not simply a tost
of skill and speed between two different
sized yachts. It Is a battle of the world
against America. Every man woo loves
his country's supremacy will watch th«
contest with the keenest interest, for th.
success or failure of the yacht Columbia
will mean the success or failure of Amer
ican skill over the skill of the world. The
Shamrock, the challenging yacht, comes
not alone as the representative of Great
Britain and Ireland. The trophy she sails
for, the America's cup. is open to the
competition of the whole world. The
German, Russian, French, Dutch and
other yachtsmen arc about as keenly con
cerned in the outer me as are the British,
Evidence of this is furnished by the news
cabled recently from the other side to the
effect that Emperor William of Germany
has detailed the skipper of his racing
yacht! the Meteor, to aid the skipper of
the Shamrock on the occasion of the in
ternational races.
Almost as strong an attraction as the
patriotism that the yacht races embody is
the fact that in these contests there is ab
solutely no taint of commercialism. There
is no idea of gain, no gambling.
The races will cost the promoters over
half a million dollars. For this enormous
outlay thnre is absolutely no return except
the satisfaction of promoting the general
sport. It is all outlay and no Income.
There is no "gate," no purse, no "side
bet," no anything. It is just sport for
sport's sake. On the American side the
cost of the contest is borne principally by
J. Plerpont Morgan, the great banker, and
the commodore of the New York Yacht
Club. Associated with him are C. Oliver
Iselin and William Butler Duncan. Mr.
Iselin is a mcraber of a millionaire family,
and has spent hundreds of thousands of
dollars for yachting. He ranks as the
managing owner of the Columbia, and has
lull charge of her operations. Mr. Duncan
inherited his fortune from the estate of A.
T. Stewart, and haa spent his income lav
ishly in the pursuit of yacht racing hon
ors. He Is the managing owner of the De
fender, which defended the International
cup against the Valkyrie 111. The De
fender has been modernized and fitted to
serve as a pacemaker in the preliminary
trial races arranged to test the Columbia's
speed.
']'■; remodel the Defender, put her in
commission and handle her will cost Mr.
Morgan and Mr. Duncan and the other
gentlemen who are interested in the ven
ture something in the neighborhood of
$50,000, a pretty fair item tor a "trial
boat." As a matter of fact, the Defender
is almost as fast as the !olumb.a herself,
and. according to the record made on the'
other side by the Shamrock, the pace
maker might safely be rusted in l-.o d the
cup on her own account.
The. cost of the Columbia and her main
tenance until after the. last race has been
sailed will, in rour.ti numbers, be about
$150,000, according i.i experts on th«
subject. To begin with; the boat
cost to build about ,000.
She carries a crew of <^«*
thirty men, all
Wch-prlced,
picked experts, from the captain down.
These men must be quartered outside of
the vessel herself, for, like all racers, the
Columbia baa absolutely no accomm ;
tlons below deck. Sin Is simply a huge
shell 130 feet long and about IS feet I >•;>.
Standing on the platform which serves for
her deck, one can Bee through the hatch
way right down to her bottom. Inside
there Is nothing except n series of steel
girders and braces. "When the races are
over, and If her owners choose, the Co
lumbia may be fitted up with cabins. But
oven if this la the case all such cabin
work, flooring, etc., would be ripped out
again as soon ns she was ready to enter
another race.
Unable to find room on the yacht, her
crew are therefore quartered lard a
steam tender which accompanies the Co
lumbia wherever she goes. To maintain
this tender and to feed the crew alone
costs somewhere In the neighborhood of
$25,000. The Defender is likewise equipped
with a tender for her crew, the cost of
which is little less than that of the Co
lumbia herself. All these items must be
Included in making up the cost of the
race. After the race has beet sailed the
Columbia, if .thrown on the market, would
probably not fetch over $10,000 or $15,000,
as she is practically worthless for cruising
a ■ she la practically wi rthless f r cruising
purposes, having been designed entirely
for speed, all idea of comfort being sacri
ficed. Some of the other Items of expense
connected with the American side of the
race will be the cost of maintaining a fleet
of tugs to patrol the course, to serve as
stakeboals, etc. This will foot up well In
the thousands, as the demand for tugs
and all other craft will be enormous.
On the British side the cost will be even
greater, if anything, than it Is on the
American. Sir Thomas Dipton. who built
the Shamrock, must do all that Mr. Mor
gan and his associates have done, besides
standing the expense of sending the chal
lenger across under her own sail.
Some idea of the cost of fitting up the
racers may be obtained from the fact that
one suit of sails cost in the neighborhood
of $2000. These sails axe specially woven
from Egyptian and Sea island cotton,
mixed with silk. They cost SI a yard. In
addition the yachts carry a spinnaker and
other light sails of pure silk which cost
all the way from $2 to $4 per yard.
Measured by the amount of money that
has been spent in the contests for the
America's cup, it Is without exception the
most valuable thing In the world. The
crown of the Czar of Russia, the richest
ornament on earth, with Its marvelous
diamonds and rubies and other priceless
gems, becomes almost a bauble in compar
ison with this battered old silver cup. The
trophy has been fought for ten times: in
1851, 70, 71, 76. 'SI, '86, '86, 'S7, '93 and '95.
In the past, while the cost of preparation
and the money spent for all Its Items has
not been as great as will be the case this
year, the average cost for the ten races^
will easily foot up $500,000 for each, arjtf
total of $5,000,000.
The toi.il sail spread of the Qjifl
lumbia is about 14,000 square f'-e^fl
a foot wide, the
etch nearly HBVBVH
length. HBVBVH
th^^^^^^^^H
S
part of a city block, or about a third of an
acre. It la because of this mass of canvas
that such a large crew Is required on the
yachts. No one without experience can ap
preciate the tremendous task of handling
surely and rapidly a Bail spread such as
the Columbia carries.
An ordinary commercial vessel of three
times The Columbia's size would carry Just
about half her sail spread. To carry
more would bo unprofitable and unsafe
from a business standpoint. A 400-ton
schooner cannot afford to carry over five
or six men and make money. Then, too.
It Is out of the question for any vessel to
carry a spread of sail such as the Colum
bia's except in smooth water and In a
comparatively light wind, a gale corning
upon the Columbia with all sails spread
would strip her clean In a second. Even
with her large crew she could not escape
complete loss It she was suddenly over
taken by a high wind.
The power of such a vessel as the ''<>-
lumbia when she has all her canvas set is
enormous. Her speed as tested in her re
cent trials against the Defender Is about
13 knots an hour. To drive a vessel her
.-:/.• at a similar speed under steam would
require about 300 horsepower. In other
words, 200 horses would be required to do
the work that the sails of the Columbia
do when she is going with the wind. An
engine to drive her at the same speed
would consume about' 7so pounds of coal
per hour. This would be a "long ton" for
three hours' sailing maximum speed, or
eight tons per day of twenty-four hours.
Allowing twelve days for crossing, the
sails of a vessel such us the Columbia
would have given power- equivalent to
about 100 tons of coal.
There are many other interesting feat
ures about these races. Not the least In
teresting is the fact that with all the vast
sums of money spent on perfecting and
fitting them out, there are any number of
boats in New York and elsewhere that
could easily distance them in. a straight
away race before the wind. Both the
Columbia and the Shamrock draw J
about 18 feet of water. This deep /
draught creates a proportionate / J
amount of resistance that must / £&.
be overcome by the sails. A /J-M^
boat drawing only one or two /«S
feet of water has little n^^^^dMMm
no resistance' to over- 1
come. Naturally, there-. I
fore, it could run away
from the fastest vis- J^k
sel of the dce^^^^^^^^J
draught Onlum'oi;j^B
and Shamrock I
class as long
us it was .M
going *rU
with y ■
tha /Jim
THE SUNDAY CALL.
wind. It Is when sailing against the wind
that such vessels as the Columbia become
fliers as compared with the others. It is
then that their lines count, and it Is for
this that the designers and builders have
spent years and years In experimenting,
and the owners have spent millions of
money In building. It is for work of this
class that the vessels are made to draw
so much • water. Sailing against
the wind, or "lacking," involves a pe
culiar principle of mechanics. Here
the wind is pushing- one way. and In
order to overcome this force and to
prevent the vessel from being driven i
backward a proportionately large /
surface must be presented under- /
neath, against which the water must /
push the other way. Under these op» 7 j
posing forces the vessel glides, and / j
it Is here that the fine lines in which / M
yachtsmen delight count. The / m
Oner the lines, the greater the / £i§
speed with which the vessel IMM
glides out from the opposing / Usm
forces. / /tj?."\
To bring out the speed under / j£j
all conditions the c.ursj^^^^^^^^
has been arranged with and I
against the wind under the I
regulations governing the
Internationa] cup. On the
first day the Shamrock
and Columbia will start IMM
from the Sandy Hook /■
lightship, sailing a / 1
straight course for fif- / I
teen miles, returning p^^^^H
the same way. On
the second day the J^P^P^P^P^JH
vessels will Bali a P^P^P^P^P^JH
triangular course. H
The triangle will /■
be laid starting / I
from off the /jH
San (1 y Hook //■
lightship t-a / j PI^P^P^P^PI
miles' on ou^^^^^^it^M
leg, ten milesßJ
on the sec- I
oriel leg and I
ten miles P^P^P^P^P^P^P^P^P^PJ
on th a /■
third /■
1 o tc. / ■Comiwa International Baebt IRaee
THE SUNDAY CALL.
making a full course of thirty miles.
This triangular course will test the
speed of the vessels sailing under every
condition, with the wind and against
the wind.
Hundreds of thousands of visitors will
pour Into New York from the neighbor
ing cities, spending- vast sums for rail
road fares and hotel entertainment.
Hundreds- and perhaps, thousands will
come all the way from Europe. Business
wili be almost suspended. And for
what?
To see two beautiful specimens of the
best things in international Bhlp-
L building battle for am old weather-
L beaten silver cup that isn't even ■
A cup., for it has no bottom. It is
hollow all the way through, a f.icc
th?t was discovered when the jolly
members of the New York Yacht
Club tried to toast the original
champion, the schooner yacht
America, which woa the trophy
l. c sl -in the other side. The
:• that was poured Into th»
at the top ran out at the
Hhiiit-.m, But the fact that the
H^u;> is hollow and wouldn't
■'; {100 in the open market
adds to the zest of the
for its possession.
It Is the embodiment of
3 sport.
So far as it li possible
B;n lin'i out. there la but
• survivor to-day of
" original crew that
across th-- ocein
r< the old yacht Amer-
in 1861 and re-
LbbV turned with the in-
ternations! trophy.
Captain Henry
Hoffman, there;
for>\ Is th..- only
one wh o c.i 11
tell us from
a rtminls-
BBsW coni stand-
foln: about
8888v t>: ' first
those
aces
v.' h !c h
ye
LbbW '
come to be historical. He was the young
est member of the crew, Ing only 15
years old. but a smart Bailor at that, fur
he had run away to sen from his home in
Dantzig. Prussia, four yean previous, and
had his trail before the mast.
At C 3 years > ■: age Captain Hoffman is
a typical old salt. Keen of eye. firm of
chin, broad-shouldered, and so fond of the
wind and weather that his eyes snap when
you ask him if he would not like to help
sail the Columbia in the coming race.
••She was a witch in any breeze," he will
tell you, "and every one of us fell in love
with her the minute we stepped on the
deck. It took a dozen men to handle her.
not counting Captain Brown, our skipper,
and two mates. We were picked from
many a locker, but every man knew how
to sail a boat. Most of us had been to
sea and the others were old hands at
navigating the pilot boats about New
York harbor. Captain Brown himself had
this berth for many years, and he could
sail a yacht with any of these later
cracks. He was a good Yankee, and it
was due to his influence that we hung
together so well. He told us the boat
was built for a syndicate headed by Com
modore Stevens of the New York Yacht
Club, who was a dead game sport, by the
way ' He came on board several times
with George T. Schuyler and Mr.
Steers the builder, and looked us over
vprv carefully. 'Boys, we can clean up
anything that floats. 1 he said and or
dered us some superior rum. This was
after we had beaten a number of sloops
in trial races down the bay, and word
cam- to make ready for an ocean trip.
Th^re was no: a man who did not reel
a little uncertain at this proposition,
fcr crossing in small boats was not : '°
common then as now. and the America
was only 100 feet over all and 23 feet
across the beam. But when the skip
per asked if any one was white-livered
enough to stay behind, not a man sung
We seldom used topsails, for there
X we seldom used topsails, for there
was enough breeze to keep us go-
ing without them; and though we
struck heavy weather twice we
never felt in danger.
"On putting In at Cowes we
were boarded by nearly cv-
cry small boat in the har-
harbor. Captain Brown
had called us all aft
before making port
and cautioned us
against talking.
'You needn't
Bay anything
About our
center-
board,
which win win
nor what we draw.' he said, adding that
Mr. Stevens had offer d to sal anything in
England, and there would be h race. Not
a day passed that me deck did not swarm
with visitors, and part of the crew were
told off to see that they did not pry too
much. In fact, they kept so close that we
lost the first races we were in."
This is a feature of the narrative that
Captain Hoffman cannot be persuaded to
dwell on. '"You know," he said, with a wise
blink of the eye. "that sometimes you
want to pitch a stove overboard when you
are getting a yacht into sailing trim, and
it is rot convenient to have spectators
about. Well, when the day came for the
cup race we had -that boat cleaned from
stem to stern. We did this before the
English recruits came on board. Those
chaps never forgot that race, I'll bet.
You see. twelve men were not enough to
handle the beat in a race and the skip
per had six go ashore and hire six Brit
ishers, who were turned over for us to
watch.
"We didn't like the looks of them very
much and they didn't stem to fancy us.
•We're going to have trouble with these
John Bulls,' reported a big quartermaster
named Connors. 'Not if you know your
business,' replied the captain. One of the
crew suggested that the Englishmen be
divided up so that not more than two
would be together at one station, and this,
was done. They were thus surrounded
and under such vigilance that they could
not do anything crooked.
"The morning of August 22 broke with a
clear sky and soft breeze from -the west,
and before 10 o'clock fifteen boats of all
lengths and sizes had gathered about us.
As the Aurora went by maneuvering her
crew were hoisting the mainsail. When
they got abeam a little cockney started
up "the old song, "A Yankee Ship Sailed
Down the Bay,' and the rest of the crew
came In on the chorus. 'Pull, boys, bully
boys. pull.' 'You'd better save that sheet
for a tow,' called one of our men. but the
Aurora had passed and did not hear it.
" 'I fancy it's us'll need the tow,' said
one .of our English recruits.
" 'Let me give you some advice," said
the second mate, who overheard the re
mark. 'Don't let the skipper hear you
say that.'
•'When the signal was given the breeze
blew very light, and some of the English
beats forged ahead, among them the Au
rora. We crowded on every inch of can
vas, and not a man of us who did not pray
for it to freshen. Word was passed quietly
to see that the Englishmen did not shirk.
Captain Brown stood by the English pilot,
for him also we had to take on, as the
course around the Isle of Wight was
new to us, and we had to rely entirely
on the pilot's guidance. Captain Brown
watched him liKe a hawk, but I want
to say that he acted on the square
§S with us all the way.
"When the breeze got fresh we
simply walked away from every-
in sight. The English
seemed to be stard-
still. As we passed
|^^ie leader ac a
at speed
made
mark
afterward caused trouble. 'Captain
Brown.' he haW, by "-ay of a joke, 'I be
lieve you have a propeller astern."
'"This was taken up and passed along
until the English sailors heard it, and
asked if it was true. They would not
be convinced otherwise, and after the
race spread this report ashore. Then we
were boarded by greater crowds than
ever, and were not cleared of the charge
really until the America was put into dry
dock. No one could understand how the
Aurora was beaten so badly without
some device such as this. She finished
about half an hour behind us, and this
time would have been tripled had not a
strong breeze come up after we had
crossed the line."
Across the street from the Herreshoff
shipyards in Bristol, where the Defender
and the Columbia were built, there stands
an old country house with a generous
New England "stoop." In front of it
there is a row of magnificent trees, and it
looks cut upon the Bay of Bristol. Some
times in pleasant weather a little old
woman in black comes out and sits for a
while with one of her daughters and
watches tile stately yachts come up the
harbor from Newport and Fall River. She
Is the mother of all the Herreshoffs. Last
February she celebrated her eighty-ninth
birthday, and she was yet hale enough to
take pride in the Columbia as she was
building in the shops. She is a descend
ant of the famous family of Lewises of
Boston, merchants and shipmen, and
she brings to the present branch
of the family much of its
skill as ship designers and builders.
Her husband, Charles Frederick Herres
heff. died thirteen years ago. leaving a
family of seven sons and two daughters,
two of whom— James B. and Nat G.— are
the organizers of the famous shipbuilding
company. Never was there a family more
positively touched with genius. John B.
Herreshoff. the president of the company,
who has been blind now for more than
forty years, developed in his early boy
hood a genius for invention. Some of the
older residents of Bristol tell to-day about
the wonderful Herreshoff churn, which
converted the milk on the Herreshoff
farm at Providence Island into butter.
It was the invention of John B. "Captain
Nat," as he is called in Bristol, built boats
from the time he was a mere boy. At
one time he constructed a catamaran with
which he cruised up and down the
harbor. It was an odd-looking, wide
craft, with abnormally large sails, and
when it first appeared he was the butt
of much good-natured raillery. Forth
with he began to issue challenges to race,
and much to the astonishment of every
body, he won all the races. And finally,
to show what he could do, he sailed down
the harbor from Newport, watched for
one of the big sound steamers bound up
from New York and veering into line beat
the steamer into Providence.
Another of the blind Herreshoffs, Lewis,
is an expert swimmer, as well as some
thing of a literary man. I saw him not
many days ago wading out into the bay
with a flock of little girls. Two of them
held to his shoulders and he swam out to
a float anchored twenty yards away, and
there .he taught them to dive. Still an
ot.ier of the blind brothers has become an
accomplished musician and gives lessons
Providence. Two others are experi-
chemists: one lives on the
(fc^oiU homestead of the family
on Papasquasn Point,
across from
2728
YOM KIPPUR-ITS SIGNIFICATION TO THE JEWS.
1 V OM KIPPUTt (Tom, the day; K3j>
/ I pur, pardon), or Day of Atone-
I I ment. will be observed on the 10th
V-O day of Tishri. which corresponds
C^i to the 15th day of September In
the standard calendar, by Jews all over
the world with but few exceptions.
Torn Kippur Is the only fast day or
dained by Moses, and was originally
meant, perhaps, as a temporary day of
expiation for the sin of the worship of the
golden calf, yet It was permanently in
stituted by Moses as a day of atonement
for sin In general.
The later Jews, however. Instituted a
few more fast days in commemoration of
tome disastrous events, •specially, which
occurred at and after the time
of Hie destruction of the two
temp.. but these additional fast
days have now become almost obso
lete. The one ordained by Moses Is still
as generally observed as It was at any
time In the history of the ancient Jew»,
but the ceremonies connected with the
day have been considerably modified.
The ceremonies observed by the ancient
Jews on this great fast day were legion.
Tlie high priest had to prepare himself
In nearly solitary confinement for the ar
duous duties that awaited him and to
avoid all that could disturb his devotions
or render him unclean. The most re
markable ceremony of. th« day was the
entrance of the high priest Into the sanc
tuary where the ark containing the tables
of the law, or the Ten Commandments,
was kept, a thing not allowed on any
other clay of the year.
The high priest entered the sanctuary
fov.r different times. The first time he
was provided with the polrten censer and
a vessel filled with Incense. The vessel
was placed between the two poles of the
tabernacle and the Incense upon the coals.
This done, ho went out backward, so as
not to turn" his back upon the sanctuary.
At b! srcoril entrance he took with him
the blood of a bullock; which he had
sacrificed In expiation of his own sins
and 'hose cf the other priests, placed
himself between the poles of the taber
nacle, dipped his linger In the blood and
Bprinkled it seven times below and once
above •■:•■ seat, or cover of the
ark, on which were placed the cherubim.
The third time he entered with the
blood of a ram, which he had offered for
the sins of the nation: With this he
eprir.::led the veil of the tabernacle eight
time:;, aud having mixed It with the blood
of the bollock he sprinkled :t toward the
bras arid gold covered wooden horns of
the altar ol incense even times and once
above it; toward the east, after which he
poured out. the whole on the floor of the
altai of burnt offerings and again left the
sanctuary; takirfg with him the basins
which had contained the blood. The
Tt Ts a Day oF
REGARDED from Its ritual aspect,
tr»« Day of Atonement has little In
gage m ire than the curiosity
tile. But ; he!»e even
fallen away with the advance
of education and in response to the
den:. 1 s. of later-day culture. The mag
nificent if somewhat barbaric display of
the olden temple la but a tradition in Is
rael to-day. In modern times the day has
bee.::; , to quote Philo, an occasion for
the discipline of self-restraint In regard to
material indulgence, and for bringing
home to the popular mind the truth of the
Bible verse — that man lives not by bread
alone, but by what God is pleased to ap
point. On this day the Jew prays that his
Bins against virtue and conscience may be
forgiven and promises to amend his life
for the future. While, however, he be
lieves that God will pardon the repentant
sinner, he Is conscious that the sense of
being forgiven can only be his after he
has atoned for the wrongs committed
against his neighbor by making full
reparation.
In olden times the Day of Atonement
•was an even more solemn occasion, viewed
from a social standpoint. On that day all
dividing lines were obliterated. All men
Were free. No slave owed allegiance to
any earthly master. At sunset, when the
trumpet announced the end of the fast,
the slave who had served his six years
■was free to return to his home. Every
seventh year "the year of release" was
proclaimed at the expiration of. the day of
atonement. This year of release corre
sponds to the statute of limitation, with
this difference, however, that .the release
•was for all debts contracted at any time
during the previous seven years. This
was subsequently altered making the
period during which debts were collect
ible seven years from the date at trans
action. The jubilee was proclaimed on
the day of atonement, from which day It
dated.
After the announcement of the Jubilee
all slaves returned to the i?n.ioymei;t
of their civil and' political rights and all
real estate reverted to its original owner.
From the foregoing fact one can easily
Imagine how anxiously the ancient Jew
awaited the advent of the great day— that
day that would not only see him free
from sin but liberated from the thrall of
bondage. In ten days in every year there
•wore no slaves. From the first day of the
Beventh month till darknoss ended the
tenth day no slave was expected to serve
his master. Reunited with his family for
that period, he was expected, like his
master, as the father and husband, to set
his own house In order and purify his
flEb*^
■- . ■ . . ■■^^
BLUNT simplicity nnd quaJnt
straight forwardness of dialogue
and description are qualities that
force themselves upon the reader's
notice in ;he eariiest pages o* "Defender
of the Faith," and tenaciously cling to the
romance to the end. Not a superfluous
■word Is used. This Inevitableness and
uniformity of key are quite delightful, and
their charm and Influence linger long after
the book is closed. The tale is historical—
a somewhat personal and domestic narra
tive of the life of Henry the Eighth as
known to Henry Percy, sixth Karl of Nor
thumberland, "who was Wolsey'a pupil,
Anr.e Bullen's lover and the King's
friend." Frank Mathew, who will be re
membered as the author of "A Child In
the Temple," "At the Rising of the
Moon." etc.. has gone directly to histori
cal sources for authority in drawing hie
characters, and thus the romance carries
other than flctlonaJ weight Cavendlsh'i
"Life of Wolsey" and Kingston's •'Memo
rial" are referred to for dialogue. Uha
puys the "State Papers," the "Baga de
Secretes," Strype. Godwin, Constantyne
and the "Cabala" are the other authori
ties quoted. The intimate life of Henry is
pictured from the fall of Woolsey, through
the ascendancy of Cromwell, the disfavor
and execution of Anne, the marriage with
Jane Seymour, the rising of the Pilgrims
of Grace and Lhe entrance upon the scene
of Katherine Howard. The scenes arc
not historical, for Aske is present when
Northumberland arrests Wolsey, Nor
thumberland lives on after the rising of
the Pilgrims of Grace and the King ia
present at the council on the day of Crom
well's arrest. The romance is in three
parts— "The Fall of the Cross," descrip
tive- of Wolsey's fall; "The Queen of
May," devoted to Anne's brief reign, and
"Pflgrims of Grace," the revolt of the
Catholics. Henry is frankly pictured in
all phases of his strength and weakness
ajid without varnish in all his moral hid
eousness. At one part in the narrative he
is thus described:
"Then the King cam«, riding alone. He
wore yellow silk and a short mantle of er
mine, and a round cap of crimson velvet
with a flaunting white plume. As he
loung'-'l. managing a white horse hung
with trappings of clrtth-of-gold, he was
nodding with a lazy good humor. On his
big horse he towered above the worship
ing people. Though he was still glowing
and fortunate, there was a lurking un
easiness in his masterful eyes." Some of
the King's dialogue with Anne reveal his
character and condition. For Instance:
"Vuur eyes are wet, baby," he went on,
as he pulled her to his knee. "You have
been crying again."
"I have been sleepless.
"Why?"
"Thinking of you."
"How could you be better employed?"
he said, fondling her neck. "I'll forgive
that— but no tears, mind you. I chose you
as a companion in happiness. While I
fourth time he entered merely to r«mov»
the censer and vessel of Incense.
Another of the peculiar sacrifices of the
day was the selection of two g-oats, both
to be alike In stature, color and age, ono
of which waa to be sacrificed to Jehovah
and the other to be sent to the desert
burdened with the sins of the people and
set at liberty. Lots were drawn to de
termine which of the goats should be
killed. The scapegoat was called Azazel,
meaning removed or sent-off goat.
The remainder of the day was Bpent In
prayers and other works of penance.
Among the present orthodox Jews, for
the scapegoat of old, chickens are sub
stituted, which they call Chapora. Roost
ers are used for the male member* of the
horsetxold and hern for th« female m«a
own soul and conscience that he might
morally stand the equal of any before his
God.
All Jews were responsible alike for their
own misdeeds and tho=2 ot their wives,
■was young I could be merry in spite or a
woman's peevishness. Wolsey encour
aged me to make the most of my youth,
while he bore the burden of state — disin
terested advice! When I found youth had
passed I saw my life ridden by priests and
frittered in the rejoicings of foots. It was
time to be free and a King. And I am.
A little neck," he muttered, closing his
hand on it.
"You choke me," she gasped. Still he
throttled her. Then he flung her off.
Poor little Anne, in spite of her often
and evident hypocrisy and. sophistication,
wins our sympathies, and the King and
Cromwell become hateful people.
The writer's opinion of Cromwell Is not
an elevated one, for he takes sides against
Froude and others in believing him thor
oughly dishonest in his proression3 of
piety. He says that, on good authority,
it Is known that he had been fervent in
his profession of Roman Catholicism when
that was convenient. However, Borne of
the most Interesting passages in the book
are made so by words of his. Of much
that Is quotable the following is selected:
"We thirst for wine, and the gods lavish
it upon us as soon as the years have
soured it to vinegar."
"All gayety is innocent, as flame must
be pure, though it rises from burning
filth." .
"The ' muddy gardener digs while the
lovers gather the roses. Seeds are planted
In graves. Weeding England, I have not
spared crowned thistles."
"When a man is feeble, his mould Is
effeminate and his stains are enduring."
"Sunset sees rosy windows."
"A guttering candle is still deadly to
moths." •
"Worshipers kneel to themselves. Yet
the vulgar need threats of damnation.
For their sakes I assume convenient re
ligions."
Northumberland, referring to his tute
lage with Machiavelll, says to Crom
well:
"You an Englishman? Soaked in Ital
ian venom!"
One of the most interesting chapters in
the romance is a pastoral, when North
umberland is cared for by a shepherd,
who travels from time to time to the town
and brings back the news of strife and
slaughter, but telling it so simply that
we are given the history and spared the
horror. "The old man recited these
things merrily, contrasting the folly of
great persons and the wisdom of sheep."
The volume is illustrated with three
portraits after Holbein, Henry VIII,
Cromwell and Anne Bullen.
Defender of the Faith, by Prank Math
ew. (John Lane: The Bodley Head, Lon
don and New York..)
CAGLIOSTRO.
The authorship of "Cagliostro" is aa
cribed to tho famous Joseph Balsamo,
Count of Cagllostro. the great fortune
teller of the eighteenth century. It la
one more of the many "books of destiny,' 1
bers. On the eve of Tom K3ppttr they
turn them three times around the head,
each time saying In Hebrew that "the
chicken Is to be sacrificed Instead of mo,"
after which It Is slaughtered and used
for food. The younger members of the
family also "shlog Chapora," as It Is
called. If too young to turn the chicken
around their own heads, the father does
It for them, while they repeat the prayer.
Much excitement and gome fear la felt
If the chicken approaches too near to the
head of the youthful devotee, and the
beak and claws are watched with a
wholesome respect .0 •'■',
Tom Kippur begins at sunset on the
nir.«-' a.v of Tishri and continues until
BUi>s<a.';i the following day. There has
been uq. modification of the length oX the
A Jcene in a San francisco Synagogue.
daughters and sons unrler 13. They there
t •■ would consider themselves weighted
v.ith the burden of the sins of the whole
family. On this account It is very easy
to understand the great concern that.
but rather novel and Ingenious in the
arrangement of Its text. The occult
virtue of the twenty magic clrcl< s is
debatable, > « t even the most skeptical are
surprised at the answer: they give to
questions relating to past and future. The
oracle is sometimes a little startling. AH
questions and answers of undesirable
character have been carefully expurgated
from this edition of Cagliostro s work,
and it may he recommended as a winter
pastime and amusement.
Cagllostro- A Book of Destiny (Laird
& Lee. Chicago. Cloth. 75 cents.)
PATRIOTIC NUGGETS.
This little book is a collection of ex
tracts from the writings of Franklin,
Washington, Jefferson. Webster, Lincoln
and Beecher, whose prophetic sayings are
being yearly confirmed. The extracts se
lected are chiefly those giving their opin
ions of America and American people.
Although the limitations of the book
make the extracts brief, they have been
bo well selected that the march and
strength of American opinion is quite
completely outlined. It will be an excel
lent lesson to compare their patriotic ut
terances spoken from the heart and with
true conviction to the spread-eagle fool
ishness issuing from the lips of many a
preß 3Xrt-day demagogue, working, not as
these men were— for the next generation
hut merely for the next election. Even
Beecher, sometimes spasmodic, spoke gen
erally sound senae. It is an excellent les
son In progress to occasionally look back
ward for light.
"Patriotic Nuggets," edited by John R.
Howard. (Fords, Howard A- Hulbert.
New York. Flexible cloth, gilt top, 40
cents.)
THE STORY OF ERIE.
That there is much of interest and gen
eral importance In the details of the con
ception and building of a railroad will
be proven to any one who reads Edward
Harold Mott's "Story of Erie." There is
more than local Interest in Erie, for It
was projected over seventy years ago,
when railroads were so little known that
but three States boasted such means of
transportation. There, is many an inci
dent in the record of Erie, startling and
dramatic enough to be of interest in fic
tion, and the book will appeal to all
classes' of readers, not merely as the his
tory of a railroad, but as a history of so
cial, financial and commercial struggle
and progress. The work covers the his
tory of Erie from 1779 to 1890, and is, aside
from its human interest, a very valuable
statistical reference book.
"Between the Ocean and the Lakes," by
Edward Harold Mott. (John T. Collins,
253 Broadway, New York.)
Literary Notes.
Elder & Shepherd of San Francisco an
nounc« for immediate publication, in
THE SUNDAY CALL.
fast since the days of Moses. On the eve
of Yom Klppur the last meal for the
coming twenty-four hours Is eaten. This
meal is prepared without salt so as not
to create thirst. After the meal has be*n
eaten services are attended at the syna
gogue. Some of the more devout mem
bers of the congregation remain in earn
est prayer all through the night, and In
fact until the end of the fast. This how
ever, is the exception, not the rule.
Early on the morning of the tenth day
of Tishri the Jews wend their way to the
synagogue, there to remain until the last
note nas been sounded on the shophar or
ram's horn, which is the signal that the
great day of expiation ana humiliation
Ts at an end. The shophar is sounded at
stated intervals during the day and )"•
stirring the hearts of all the members of
a family, welded them, as it were, into
the being with one common sentiment,
with one fervent prayer for forgiveness
welling up from their inmost souls. To
pamphlet form, "A First Glance at the
Birds," by Charles A. Keeler, being a
general introduction to the study of Cali
fornia birds. Later tiny will issue Mr.
Xi iWs complete work, "Bird Notes
Afield," in which this will be included.
These books should prove most instruc
tive and Interesting to CallfoTnlans and
others, for thus far no work of a popular
nature has been Issued describing the
birds of Northern California.
• « *
Mr. Andrew Lang is not far wrong (Is
be ever far wroii^'.'i when he says In an
article in Blackwood, entitled "History
as She Ought to Be Wrote," that apart
from the two essentials, accuracy and
correct reasoning, a historian must have
style. "It is essential. Style is the salt
•f literature, and history is literature."
"Trooper 3So9"*is t^ie title of a striking
new book by Lionel Decle which Charles
Scribner's Sons will publish immediately.
A few words from the preface will in
dicate the purpose of the work.
"The recollections I am now offering to
the reader of the time I served in the
ranks of the French army will show that
Dreyfus, has been a victim, not so much
of individuals as of a faulty system. It
will be seen how, in a regiment, the colo
nel forms his opinion of a private from
the character given to him by his corporal
or sergeant, and how the mere fact of ap
pealing against a punishment is consid
ered as an act of insubordination. It is
always the same principle— le respect de
la chose jugee (the upholding of a judg
ment, without considering upon what
grounds or evidence it has been deliv
ered).
"I wish it to be clearly understood that
this little book has. not been written for
the purpose of attaaking the French army
an represented by its officers. It is in
tended merely as a faithful account of
the hardships I endured when I served
my time in the ranks, hardships which
every Frenchman has still to bear."
• • *
The thirteenth volume of the "Outward
Bound" edition of Kipling is Just ready
from the press of Charlen Scrlbnor's Sons.
This includes the first part of "The Day's
Work," and a Btory "The Son of His
Father," which is not published elsewhere
in America.
• • •
"Everybody's Magazine" made its first
appearance August 22. It is a new 10-cent
illustrated periodical, published with a
desire to furnish interest and amusement
to readers who do not care to read pon
derous essay or acrid argument. The edi
tors mean to endeavor to put the maga
zine high in the list of publications that
have no other motive than to satisfac
torily fill a leisure hour.
• * •
Still another edition of "Richard Car
vel" is announced. It is now running
through its eightieth thousand and the
new edition will be off the press next
week. It is now being called for at the
rate of about 2000 copies each- day.
• * •
"The Choir Invisible" has been drama
tized by Miss France* Hastings. Her
work has received the approval of James
Lane Allen, and the play will be pro
duced In October by the Henry Jewett
Dramatic Company in New Tork.
usually blown by the rabbi's assistant.
The shophar was used by the ancient
Jews for calling the people together for
holy solemnities; In time of war or re
bellion It was also used aa a trumpet for
making signals by watchmen. The word
shophar means bright and clear and ex
actly describes Its clear shrill sound.
Standing in public prayer is the prac
tice of the Jews, but on this day of days
they prostrate themselves several times
In an attitude which expresses devotion,
sorrow and humiliation.
The majority of the men wear a white
gown over their other clothing while in
the synagogue. This same white g° wn ls
used as a shroud at their burial. Thrown
loosely over the shoulders is the Tallus or
praying shawl.
Among the orthodox Jews the women
have a separate portion of the synagogue
reserved for them, usually a gallery run
ning around the sides of the structure.
Occasionally some woman weakened by
her long fast Is overcome and becomes
unconscious. She is quickly cared for hy
tender hands and removed to the vestry
rooms and taken out of doors, where the
fresh air soon revives her. Members of
her family may lnßist upon her going
home to break her fast, but nine times
nit of ten she will decline and will return
d her devotions.
As the drinking of water or any liquid
Is prohibited on Yom Kippur many de
vices are used to stimulate the senses
weakened by fasting. A lemon thickly
studded with cloves from which frequent
Inhalations are taken seems to retain its
popularity as a stimulant. Smelling salts,
ammonia and kindred preparations are
used. The men pass snuff boxes to their
neighbors and frequent pinches of this
compound are Inhaled.
The younger children derive much en
joyment by borrowing the reviving prep
The Day
of
Axemen*
to' Be
the Fifteenth
0&y oF
Septerpke''-
this day in the synagogues of the ortho
dox one may observe the spectacle of a
father in prayer on the Day of Atone
ment, spreading his taleth, or praying
shawl, over his young sons, symbolizing
On the Jrip Across Siberia.
KHABAROVTv, Siberia.— Khabarovk
sits on rolling and thickly wooded
bills on the south side of the Amur
River at a point where the course
of the stream is northeasterly. The
river bank is a bold bluff 75 to 200
feet high and here commands vast views
of the Amur, the green, brushy lowlands
to the north, east and west, the intersect
ing Osuri River and the distant moun
tains. It is a garrison town of large area,
staring brick buildings, one, two and three
stories high and neat and even pretty one
story log houses running to bright-blue
trimmings. Every house, however humble,
has its thriving window-garden of be
gonias, fuchsias, geraniums, abutilons
and palms. Out of doors the hedge roses
were blooming and the hills were bright
with wild flowers. The streets followed
the natural grades of the hills, as in
Vladivostok, are from 100 to 120 feet wide
and from many points of view, where the
broad thoroughfares and tree-shaded
houses and shining water can be seen at
a glance, the city is fair to look upon.
At Vladivostok we were told there were
no hotels at Khabarovk. There are none.
There are two public houses called hotels
and to one of these, a two-story log, the
London, we accompanied our pleasant
Russian traveling companions. There
were fifteen rooms In the London. Mr.
Martzinkavlch took two for his family,
we took one and the landlord took us all
in. To get any room was luck. Every
day people were turned away with their
loads of boxes and bundles. "What became
of them is an unsolved mystery. The dis
appointed men frowned and said things
no family newspaper would print— and
the women, ever patient and passive,
calm'.y accepted the situation. We who
were housed consoled ourselves with our
window views of the disappointment. We
had no other consolation. Our accommo
dations were vile. At two rubles a day
we Wd the use of a room 6x12 feet con
taining a looking-glass 3x5 inches nailed
on the wall, too low for standing use, a
Small metal picher and basin, the former
never filled except by special request, a
single iron bedstead, the worn-out
springs of which had been replaced with
boards, three shaky chairs and a common
wooden table. The bed had a single straw
mattress and one dingy red blanket and
the floor and table were covered with
dirty and dilapidated oilcloth. The room
was papered in bright blue and the single
sash curtain was of dingy cotton. Tacked
along the wall beside the bed, probably
for ornament, was the remnant of an old
felt piano cover. It really afforded a re
arations of their elders and surprising
their youthful friends, whom they have
Induced to "smell It," by the new and
strange odor which brings the unwelcome
tears to their eyes. The unwary ar«
caught and made to weep by suddenly
having a handkerchief saturated with am
monia or some other liquid thrust In their
the proud boast of 18-year-old
Jacob, who has just been barmitavaed
(confirmed) that he is going to fast the
whole day and not even drink any water.
When Jacob meets his friends in the ves
try room he asks with an impressive air
how they are fasting, and If any confess
that they were only able to stand fast
until dinner time, he withers the unfor
tunates with the Information that he
hasn't eaten a thing and that they must
be babies to break tW fast so soon.
And Sarah, 14 years of age, who fasted
only half a day last YonTXlppur. Is re
solved to break her former record and
'"avid 6 , "in* all the accumulated wisdom
of his A years of life, who is away from
the parental roof for the first time work-
Ing In a strange city, concludes that the
fast day is only an old oustom and It
An Ancient Tabernacle.
(Fron) an Old Print.)
his desire to include the faults of his little
ones in the category of his own sins, and
to beseech forgiveness for them and him
self. JACOB NIETO,
Rabbi Congregation Sherlth Israel.
treat for insects too closely pursued by
rebellious guests.
Above the table on a piece of fly-specked
cardboard were scrawled the following
rules:
Price of room one day Two rubles
Extra bed Fifty cents
Tea lor one Twenty-five kopeks
Tea for two Forty kopeks
Dinner (three dishes) One ruble
Dinner (two dishes)... Seventr-flve kopeks
Every person taking a room must pay
for twenty-four hours, no matter how
short his stay.
The person who stays thirty-six hoara
twenty-four must pay for an extra half
day.
The person who stays thirty-six hours
must pay for forty-eight hours.
In the late afternoon we strolled to th»
bank of the Amur, and seeing It flowing
swift and strong, a full *nile wide, could
easily accept its length as 2700 miles. The
water front is an incomplete piled bund
two miles long, at which are moored nar
row, roofed stages, with high arched en
trances that serve as wharves, and to
which steamers and barges tie. There is
an immense amount of traffic on the river
and its tributaries, and in the open sea
son over 100 steamers of the side-wheel
and stern-wheel styles, some screw tugs
and launches and many big barges are in
active service. The floating piers, steam
ers, barges, junks, boats, canoes and rafts,
the teams, carriage and cask water cartSs
the peasants in bright, crude colors, the
Chinese in blue, the Koreans In white,
the soldiers and civil-service men in uni
forms bright in stripes and facings of
different colors, gold and silver, and the
silent, eddying, foam-bearing river are
features of a Khabarovk scene on any
summer day. Two blocks from such a
scene we heard clanking chains, and
around the corner came forty prisoners in
a cordon of soldiers. They were Just from
Russia and on their way to the island of
Saghalien. This was our first sight of Si
berian convicts. Six of them wore leg
shackles, and the others were ironless.
They walked at a brisk pace of their own
setting, looked strong and healthy, and
even the shackled men did not seem leg
weary. A giant in shackles, standing six
feet four inches, and on the sunny side of
30, towered far above his fellows and the
guard, and as the party passed from our
gaze the last rays of the setting sun made
a beacon of. his blond head.
A dozen brtck buildings, one a school for
girls, 100x250 feet, another a Btore about
the same siae. were being built by Chinese
workmen, with hours of from 4 a. m. to I
doean't pay to rive op three square meals
a day for old custom s Bake and to sit In
tho synagogue all day long. Anyway
he can get along without relljrlon.
Hut gradually he returns to the belief In
the old religion. The world's hard
knocks, when he was just beginning to
loubt the existence of God, have led him
to observe, study and investigate, and
he has been convinced that the God of his
fathers has lost none of his sway over the
nations of the earth, and that the laws
af Moses, which were good for the an
cient Jews, are good for their descend
ants. So he observes the Day of Atone
ment and you may see him in the syna
gogue, among strangers It is true, but
still among his own people, united by the
Dond that has held them together for ov»r
WOO years, and which promises to hold
:hem together until the end of time, unlt
»d by love of the God of their fathers.
Th« Day of Atonement has been ob
jerved in all ages and in all countries
ilnce It was Instituted by Moses. Neither
persecution nor prosperity has had power
:o prevent Its observance, and it Is safe
:o say that Torn Klppur will be observed
tor countless centuries to come.
A. WBINSTOCK, Stookton.
tor
IF there Is a day in the life of
Israel's religion more important
than others it is the Day of Atone
ment. It conveys to our minds
first, the proneness of man — his
weakness and the loving kindness of
God, who in nis magnanimity has ap
pointed a day whereon to pardon his
children their follies and foibles.
Then again it suggests that man la
the highest object of creation; the very
image of God, and that he can put him
self in communion with his Creator
whenever he becomes conscious of his
guilt.
The most unworthy can go to this
merciful guardian when he becomes
sincere and earnest without having
as an object a person for his atonement.
God is our father and we are his chil
dren, and just as a father pitieth his
child, so will Gi^d have compassion
upon us when we are sincere and con
trite.
The greatest difficulty in presenting
ourselves before the throne of g^-ace is
the thought that we can commit wrong
after wrong and expect the Day of
Atonement to wash us clean from the
scarlet of our sins. Our sages have told
us that "sins committed against God
the Day of Atonement will pardon, but
sins committed against our neighbor
the Day of Atonement will not pardon
until reparation has been made to tha
injured party." That is divine justice.
God Is as kind and as merciful to one
as he is to the other, and in order to
enjoy the real spiritual atonement we
must plead in deeds as well as in words.
To be cleansed from all our sins we
must not only profess repentance, but
we must be really repentant. Tha
Day of Atonement is intended to recon
cile man to man and man to God. It
is the greatest day in the spiritual life
of any faith, and its conferring upon
man the dignity of making him per
sonally competent to come before God
as a mediator confers divine power
upon each individual. No mediator be
tween God and man is the spiritual
meaning of the Day of Atonement.
M. S. LEVY,
Rabbi Congregation Beth Israel.
p. m., and whose pay is 30, 40 and 50 cents
a day. In a sense the Chinese are build
ing up Eastern Siberia, and the Chinees
are the small traders. They undersell
their rivals, and on the main street hays
booths with fruit, candy, tobacco, cigar
ettes, hard-boiled eg-gs and soft drinks.
They also have general stores. The Khab
arovk stores have no show-windows. Del
icatessen shops are numerous and invit
ing, and bakeries thrive. The Russians
are hearty eaters and use a great quantity
of bread. A characteristic street sight of
Khabarovk at any hour of the day is a
man carrying a big round loaf.
Our letter from Count Casslnl, Russian
Embassador at Washington, to Major
General Grodekoff, Governor of Eastern
Siberia, secured us a Russian welcome-,
and to that courteous officer we ar» in
debted for many kindnesses. Under the
personal escort of Captain Somoylow of
his staff we traversed the city and gath
ered guiding facts. The pride of Kha
barovk Is the park that stretches along
the river bluff and offers a beautiful view
every few feet of path and road. Hera
three times a week, from 6 to 9 p. m., the
military band, composed of the sons of
soldiers, plays Russian and operatic airs.
Imagine our delight as we approached the
park the evening of our arrival at hear
ing our own Sousas "Washington Post"
cutting the soft air. We smiled as we saw
the Russian promenaders unconsciously
fall into step as we all do at home. A
short distance from the square brick
house of the Governor, over which floats
the royal standard of black and gold and
at whose door, day and night, stand two
?£" tries i l 9 tne triumphal arch erected in
1891 in honor of the visiting Czarewitch.
At one end of the park is a brick museum
filled with costumes, armor, implements
of war and peace, and other things Rus
sian and Chinese.
The great attraction for us was the
bronze statue of General Graf Mooravieff
standing on the point of a lofty promon
tory overlooking the river which he prac
tically opened to Russian trade. Nature
and art have contributed to the impres
sive prominence of the ligure and as its
fine outlines are silhouetted against tha
sky your admiration extends from the
statue to the idea that placed it in such
a noble position. A fence of heavy double
chains, posted with cannon, incloses a
mound twelve feet high, which is reached
by broad granite steps. On the mound is
a granite shaft forty feet high on which
stands the statue. The figure is twenty
feet tall and shows the general in his
prime. The pose is easy, graceful and
strong and the face handsome, intellect
ual and resolute. The arms are folded,
in the right hand a field glass and in tha
left a scroll. From the sword belt hangs
a cross.
WILLIAM MITCHELL BUNKER.Ceft \\op\2 ar/d F^l^d 1 j^is IJfe to jfurse a ;Siel( Brother ii? /T\ai?ila.
TRULY HEROIC
act or a
SMALL SAN
TPANCISCO
BOY.
THIS ts the story of a * -
sm« Arthur Pohlmann ran
away from home to go to the
wars.
traveled miles in or-
I and nurse back to health his
■ her.
It is a tale of brotherly love that
Ith the seas, and continents
■ -ssen it.
When Sergeant Pohlmann lay ill
fever on the island of Ne
he cried out in his delirium: "Ar
■
The nurse heard the name through
the long hours of her tired watch,
gently touching the feverish hand,
: . "Poor boy!"
From the island of Negros to the
city by the west sea is a far summons.
■ the ears of love are never sleep
lnc. and so one night little Arthur
:ann had a dream that was not
all a dream.
<aw in his vision the wasted form
1 brother, and in dream
he heard the call of "Arthur."
: - ■_r ■ ame he told his mother
that he was going to Manila, but he
-ell her of his dream. That
rry her, he thought, for moth
uld not go; she must stay at
v • with baby brother. AnoT^
morning thereafter, when leaving
for school, he would say:
"Good-by, mamma; I'm off to Ma
• .-day."
He paid that every morning 1 for we^ks
and weeks, and waited patiently for
hi? chance.
Complaint followed complaint from
leacher at school. Arthur was
restles3 and would not study. He seem-
Colorado 1/bluQteer ai? Jteir to $4,000,000
HIS MASCOT NUMBER HAS ALWAYS BEEN THIR
TEEN AND BROUGHT HIM THE BEST OF
LUCK AND WEALTH.
FOUR million dollars!
This is the heritage that comes
'ike a thunderbolt from a clear sky
Into the hands of a soldier doing
service for Uncle Sam.
It Is the story of the greatest luck
that ever fell to the lot of an American
''T^^ntinents and two centuries have
.-sSt'd in the accumulation and surprise
of a vast fortune to which a Colorado
V °S^s S is h whT Lieutenant Horatio I.
SSSSSSSS happiest man in the Colo
t^a^iSre^^v^tohim
with a prodigal hand.
Wlth'n a year Lieutenant Lawrence has
received two promotions in the army and
r f cei »,tr. thirteen months from the
SS Of enlistment he is informed that he
'"heir to a four million dollar property.
Surely there is a tide In the affairs of
men— who will doubt it?
Not Lieutenant Horatio I. Lawrence, for
h i [« a fatalist and firmly believes that
all of fortune's lavish gifts and every
thing good that Destiny may bestow upon
nim 'n the future will occur in the form
of the hoodoo figure thirteen.
Thirteen is the mascot number to him
which ha 3 paged itself upon the unlooked-
Tor lucky chapters In the history of this
arrbitious American soldier. born on the
Ueutenant Lawrence was born on he
13th of May. 1572. He graduated In the
Clis of '92 at Orchard's Lake. Michigan.
Separator* school of West Point, on
th f , !3 V h rtered c West Point on the 13th
mmmm
Sr'U t" couSl. He" enlisted as a private
. /.^rr y tfc
13th of the same mounth he was made
aSSSSKSSS he^Siged in was the
battle of Manila, which occurred on Au-
B O S VhVmh of June he was informed
that he* was the only direct heir to an
cS O a t %he alU mh a of -the 00 ° following month
he was promoted to commissioned officer.
The number thirteen has no terrors for
Lawrence comes from a mil
itary family— some of whom have writ
ten their names In our military history
dating from the fury of the Revolution
ary War to the War of the Rebellion.
He is a lineal descendent of the famous
"Don't-Give-Up-the-Ship" Lawrence and
from his mother's side of the house in
herits the blood of Admiral Farragtit and
Robert E. Lee.
Lieutenant Lawrence Is the happiest of
ficer In the Colorado camp, and without
doubt he is the most popular.
He Received a Prophetic Warming Through a Dream,
Ed to have something on his mlr.d, an<3
when sent up to the principal he would
walk home Instead. And so on the
morning of May 29 he left home saying:
"Good-by, mamma; this is the last
kiss. I'm off to Manila to find brother
Harry."
Bui he had said that just thirty times
befor*. Yet, strange to say. on that
mcrning of mornings it had a new
meaning, and she cried out: "Arthur,
my b.jy, do you want to drive your
mother crazy?"
Then, as fast as his little feet could
carry him, he started for the water
: turning and throwing kisses at
the mother as he hurried along. And
the last words she heard were: "Take
of yourself, mamma; I'll take
good care of Harry."
He had not a cent in his pocket, hut
he was rich in determination, for l\pon
every transport he scrambled, only to
be ferreted out of his hiding place by
policemen or Red Cross soldiery- Bur.
such fine young courage is sure to win,
and fi.'Ur weeks later he passed through
the Golden Gate bound for Manila.
And his going saved his brother's life.
He went as a stowaway on the trans
port Grant.
For three days and nights he had
r... thing to eat. and he made this sac
rifice for his brother.
Is there a greater love than this?
Little Arthur Pohlmann is back from
the battlefield, and he came on the good
ship Sherman.
I found him at the Presidio camp and
though he is not enlisted in Company D,
California Volunteers, he is certainly
thf most popular member.
•That's the bravest boy in the State,"
said Captain McCreagh.
'The Kid's all right," said a dozen
others.
"Hooray for the Kid!" came from
four lusty throats.
And little Arthur Pohlmann outgen
cv-
Four million dollars!
And v.hat of th* man who receive? it 11
Does the prospect of his brilliant future
dazzle him?
already demand from the world
the adulation which is sur< to be his, by
right of this princely sum.
What manner of man can resist the so
g homage laid at the throne of
SUB?
Let me tell you:
I found the street bordered by Company
H. Colorado Volunteers, mid asked '.he
first crder.v I met "Is Lieutenant Law
r< :.' c In camp?" For answer the orderiy
turned on his heel to a tent near by,
whisked the flapping canvas aside, and
' out in a iamlliar tone. "Sho, a lady
■ ou."
A minute later Lieutenant Lawrence,
tall, d ad with a courtly bearing
that west Point training never fails to
give, invited me to enter.
"We have rather narrow quarters," he
began. Then borne one at the door inter
rupted. "May 1 see y-u a moment?"
A whispered conversation • utside. "Cer
t.iin'iv." responded Lieutenant Lawrence —
a jingling of money— "don't mention it."
Then he resumed conversatl m by re
rrg my question. "How did I feel
when told of my windfall? Quite natur
ally I was elated. Bui strange to cay I
: of it by prophecy three we*ks be
in a most singular way. As you
know, there are In the army a great many
strange personalities. Well, one day after
we fellows were resting under the
■■ of a tree when one of the boj I
jumped up quickly, stood in front of mo
and said:
" 'Gee whiz, Lawrence, I'd like to be In
your boots. Whew' but won't you put
on dog when you g»t all those shiners'."
"I laughed at him ar.d ask^d him to ex
plain, and he at once replied:
" 'In a few weeka you will hear that you
have fallen heir to a fortune.'
"Of course I thoupht the fellow a little
queer, and at th» same tfme there was
just a "little reason in what he said, tor
the estate which has since come into my
j» -session was a 'parent' granted In 1770,
and like all property of that nature,
seemed like the rainbow's pot of gold.
"Well, when th<± news came General Otis
telegraphed up to the barracks for me
to come down to headquarters, and I with
my head and heart all full of the idea of
promotion started for the commander's
quarters. You can imagine my surprise
when told that not promotion but a for
tune awaited me upon my return to the
T'nited States. I then had to go down to
make affidavit that I was the person iden
tified iri the deed, and this I did without
hesitation."
"Sho " called a voice from the street.
"Just a minute, please." and the quarto
mlHionaire again left me to hold conver
satton with a private outside.
Again the money Jingled In his purse,
then as he entered I quoted the open se
same to his pur
"Lieutenant Lawrence, just a moment,
please."
At this he laughed and said with feaj-
praled them all in his unconscious hero
ism.
Tell me how you managed it? I said,
looking into a pair of fearless blue eye^
the color for dauntless courage.
"To get aboard was easy enough — but
to stay 'get,' that was the hardest rub.
I tried mighty hard to go away on the
transport Ohio — but — now — I'm glad I
didn't, berause-^two other kids who
went on that transport were captured
by the Filipinos. You see they got tired
marching and fell behind the soldiers
and were never heard from afterward.
But It wasn't my fault that I failed to
go on the Ohio. Why, I waited hours
and hours to get a chance to climb
over the gates of the Folson strait
wharf— and then when the men were
not looking I climbed over and man
aged to squeeze into an open porthole
and dropped into a bunk to hide.
Ing, "I am glad to oblige them— they are
nv-n of honor. ev< ry one i t them. I
never think of requiring notes; it is not
necessary."
"Rut why <1o they rail you 'Shn'?"
"That is "only the abbreviation of my
nam<- if takes too long for
them to pronounce it in full and I don't
rnir.d."
There ts such modesty in this man of
new found millions, such consideration
for others that it was a delight to see,
and then I ventured :
"Tell me how Horatio kept the bridge?"
"Oh. no; excuse me; that is just one
et I will not talk upon. It would
not be <iuite the thing for me to say any
thing about that: I Just tried to do my
duty, that is all."
"But did you never feol a premonition
of death— or that sort of thing, you
know?"
"Never; but I will say that many times
I have heard soldiers Rive orders for their
letters to be sent home with their belong
ings and they would say good by : and
start for the firing line, assured that they
would never return, and I never heard of
one whose premonition proved wrong.
Would I enlist again? Oh. yes; you see, I
am sort of a military animal— fond of pa
rade and gunpowder. I gruess I inherit
this trait from my ancestors, but I want
v r- =:. now, and this week we are mus
t>>r- d out. It will seem like a luxury to
be able to wear civilian clothes attain."
"And a valet, Lieutenant Lawrence?"
"Indeed ( yes; T am not too fond of
work, but I am not going *ln for society."
Here he unlocked a trunk and drew out
a volume of legal papers. "This Is the
bundle that locates my luck," and I read
over his shoulder the clause stating:
"Article No. I— Beginning at the most
easterly corner of a patent of 94.030 acres
of land, granted in the year 1770, to Henry
Glen, and others, commonly called the
Jersey Field Patent, etc.," and after
wading through much that I didn't un
derstand legally, I came to his attorney's
signature— "T. Almern Griffin, Rensse
laer. New York."
"What are my plan? ror the future? I
shall stop over at Denver for a brief time
and then proceed to New York to settle
up the estate. I haven't really made ex
tensive plans as yet. I am particularly
fond of music and studied the violin for
four years and in all probability som«
day will give it further attention, but
just at present my ambitions are wholly
military."
"And not domestic?"
"Well— no— but do you know I think the
girls of Virginia charming."
"Really; and perhaps you can remem
ber one who Is patlcularly so?"
"No; but I expect to find one some day,
and when I do, I'll lay aside my military
ambitions."
Then this knight of fortune and war
was called to officers' meeting and ever
since I have wondered if all men ac
cepted wealth with Lieutenant Law
rence's quiet philosophy; if the friend
ship for his comrades In battle will last.
THE SUNDAY CALTj.
"T thoueht I could run the bluff of a
sleeping soldier.
"I crawled in between the blankets
and puffed them up into a ridge that
and I find myself answering my las .
question:
I believe It will.
ANNABEL LER.
looked like a tall — then I found a
soldier's cap. pulled it well down over
my face and stretched myself out as
long as I could make myself and looked
like a real soldier.
"After awhile a policeman came along
and I thought he was after me, sure —
but he went right by and then a Red
Cross woman found me and told me if
I would come off the ship she would
make me the finest kind of a suit with
brass buttons and told me to come out
to the Presidio the next day and she
would have my measure taken and get
me a pass on the next transport. Like
a gilley I believed her. The next day
I went out and what do you think she
gave me? A cream puff!
"After that I spent most of my time
after I left school at the water front.
"The day before the Grant left I
went on board with the casuals and
hid in the ventilator. I found that
preity uncomfortable and there was al
ways danger of dropping down, so I
kept wy eye c-pen tor the officers and
lieutenant Jforatio J. Lawrence.
the 'Cop.' and when the c< ast was clear
I made for the bunk and crawled un
der it.
"Gee whiz, but wasn't I tired of my
narrow quarters. The iron wasn't al
together like a feather bed, but— l knew
if I got out before we left the bay that
I was a goner.
"I could hear the people shouting and
talking and I thought they never would
haul up the anchor. Honest, It seemed
a longer time under the bunk than the
whole trip to Manila. I ached all over —
and was seasick, too. and on the third
day out of Frisco I crawled out and wa3
that hungry I didn't care whether I
■was caught or not. I couldn't stand up
at first, I was so cramped.
"Then the captain saw me the first
thing and said:
" 'You young rascal — what are you
doing here?'
"I told him I was too hungry to talk.
He was a first-rate follow, for he took
me right down and gave me a fine lay
out. I ate like one of these boa con
etrictors. My, but I was hungry. Then
tie marched me up to the commanding
officer and he asked me all sorts of
questions: if I had a father and a
mother and what I meant by stowing
away, and if I wasn't sorry that I left
home, and when I said no, he said: "I'll
put you off at Hono-lulu.' I was afraid
of that, so I made all the money I
could on thn way over. I helped in the
saloon, I blacked boots and chored after
the officer's messenger when he wasn't
in sight, and made myself handy in
general — and wasn't sassy — and, by the
time we reached Hono-lulu I had enough
saved to buy me some clothes.
"I was lucky and got aboard all right
at Honolulu. I climbed in one of the
square portholes and got under the
bunk again untiL we got outside of
land.
"When we g-ot to Manila I had $3
saved up and there I found my brother
was away off on the island and there
were no boats and no one know whether
he was sick or not and .so I went with
the soldiers to the 'Walled City.' Then
the next day we started for Malate and
two days later we were on the south
ftring line at Los Pinos.
"That was the lively place and we
WENT AS A
STOWAWAY
THAT HE
MIGHT BE
or aid.
were there one month. I walked tetk
miles the first day with the soldiers and
carried my blanket with my clothes in.
the shape of a horse shoe around my
neck. I was afraid of falling behind.
But the soldiers were awful pood to
me. They traded blankets with me —
mine were heavier on account of my
clothes, and my how it did rain. I was
•wet through and through.
■I did laundry work fur the boys,
cleaned their guns and did everything
they wanted me to, and nover was
'sassy" with them and they always paid
me well, so that I had quite a good
sized wad saved up. when some one
brought word into the camp that my
brother was on board the Sherman—
but sick in the hospital.
"Then I went right back with boitm
men on the trail and got into one of
the Sherman's little boats and went cut
to see my brother.
"Brother Harry was too sick to sit
up and looked like a ghost. He couldn't
say a word when he saw me — I Just
went up and put my arms around his
neck and neither one of us said any
thing for a long while. He looked
awfully bad— and I took my little
'dough' that I had saved and bought
nice things for him to eat and he
wouldn't taste a thing for a long time
until I said to him: "Ain't you ashamed
of yourself: Now you eat these dainties
and get well and go home to mamma —
here a little kid like me comes all the
way to nurse voii and now you won't
eat.' He got so he didn't want me out
of his sight and he did eat everything
I brought him, too. He says I saved
his life. I don't know about that, but—
I'm glad I went and I'd do it over
again. Only I don't like to see people
killed."
And this is the story that the stow
away tells; the young hero of the west
who went to the battlefield all for th«
love of a brother.
29Character Sketch of One of the Most Remarkable Men £iving
l^m^er's Diversified Qfyaraeter: ?ler<^y
map, jterdsffiai?, Ciop-j-lijpter, dei^eral,
Ambassador, pii^a^i^r apd
/^tl^le^, apd a j^ard /T\ai7 to Qo^uer.
S~y TEPHANUS JOHANNES PAULUS
Vq. KRUGER, President of the Trans
y) vaal, Is the most Interesting pub-
L/ lie character to-day to Interview.
A, Upon being introduced you first
conclude that he hae been greatly over
estimated. He seems nothing more than
a shrewd old hunter who. by constant
contact with wild animals and savage
Kafllrs. has developed a wariness that
makes him suspicious of everything and
everybody. He does not have the "pene
trating eye" usually ascribed to great
men. On* th« contrary, a puff of flesh
underneath his eyes, as a rule, permits
one to see but a narrow gleam, giving one
the impression of shiftiness.
His legs are so short and slender that
you wonder how they bear the weight of
a heavy, thick and solid body. His head
Is big. with nose and ears to match, and
his neck concealed by beard, hair and
coat-collar, so that you cannot determine
whether or not he indulges in neckwear.
At home he is usually puffing a short
briar pipe, and as he handles this you no
tice that the thumb of his left hand is
missing. There is a story in connection
■with this that his Honor will tell you be
tween puffs if he 13 in the mood. It gives
an idea of the grit which Is a character
istic of the old Boers.
STORIES OF PHYSICAL, COURAGE.
Kruger when a young man was out
hunting hartebeest one day with a rifle
■which had not been U6ed for a long time.
While he was tinkering with a charge the
gun exploded, tearing his left thumb into
ehred3. Kruger's companions wanted to
give up the hunt and hurry to the nearest
Furgeon, but the intrepid young Boer re
fused. Taking out his hunting-knife, ho
placed the lacerated thumb on the stock
of the rifle and amputated it himself. By
tying about the stump a piece of rawhide
he stopped the flow of blood, and winding
around it his red handkerchief he con
tinued the sport.
Physical robustness and courage have
contributed greatly toward Kruger's suc
cess as the leader of a nation. He is ab
solutely fearless though not reckless, and
Eince boyhood has known how to act
quickly in an emergency. Unlike other
famous men. little has been told of his
personal history. None but the older gen
eration of Boers know much about it, and
they regard it as sort of divine narrative
that is not to be irreverently discussed.
All through his life Kruger has had
narrow escapes from death, and his ca
reer if detailed fully would be thrilling.
When only 14 years old he and a little
Bister strayed away from the laager down
In Cape Colony where the elder Kruger
had settled or. emigrating from Germany,
and while playing were suddenly attacked
by a leopard. Young Kruger's only
weapon was a jackknife, but, shielding
his sister with one arm, he met the vicious
spring of the leopard with the other, and
after a bloody struggle succeeded In stab
bing it to death.
One is hardly warranted, either, in
speaking slightingly of "Oom" Paul's
legs, for they once ran a race that made
him famous all through the native tribes
in South Africa. A Kaffir chief had be
come cek-brated for his running ability,
and had never been beaten until chal
lenged by a number of young Boers, who
chose Kr-jßer to represent them. It was
decided that the two should run for twelve
hours, and the man leading at the end of
that time was to have some sort of a
prize. At the end of eleven hours the
Kaffir dropped In his tracks unconscious,
while Kruger kept on to the finish, and,
according to one of his companions, was
bo fresh then that he took part in a
bunting trip.
It is the upprarance of rough hardihood
and unkempt personal attire that first im
presses one on meeting "Oom" Paul, but A
when the irian begins to talk and un- A
fold gradually his mental power you
forget all else but Kruger, the dip-
lomai and careful statesman, lie
gave the writer a short inter-
view recently for publication j^M
■with the understanding that
the Boer side should be tt^t
represented from his own a4U
view-point, first inquir-
Ir.g i: I were a spy
from Cecil Rhodes.
On being assured to
the contrary by a
number of
V- a ad mem-
tiers who
were pres-
ent, he
followed
it up
by another customary question, turning
on me suddenly and asking: "What Is
your religion?"
These two inquiries give an Insight into
Kruger's life. His first duty, he believes,
Is to God, and his second to Rhodes,
whom he detests like a poisonous reptile.
But for Rhodes, Mr Kruger says, all
would be peace and quietness in the
Transvaal, So long as this man is in
South Africa there is no rest for the
. Boers, and their • secret service agents
may be found on every street In Johan
nesburg, on the lookout for Uitlander
conspiracies.
Prom all outward appearances, Oom
Paul is intensely pious, and though the
English insist that it is all hypocrisy,
there is no proof that Kruger does not
live In strict accordance with his preach
ing. He was confirmed in 1842 by the
Rev. Daniel Lindlay. an American mis
sionary, and from that day to this has
led a severely Christian life after the pre
cepts laid down by John Calvin. He can
quote nearly the whole Bible, and this has
served him well in a secular way. for he
has learned from It to speak In parables,
terse epigrams that are readily Inter
preted by his followers, and have more
force than the most brilliant rhetorical
flights.
Kruger, in addition to his other accom
plishments, is by far the best preacher in
the Transvaal, and the Dutch Reformed
Church boasts of some capable men there.
He occupies the pulpit In a modern brick
edifice across the street from his homo
about once a month, and always talks to
standinging room only. He uses no notes,
but speaks offhand from a text, and does
not hesitate to sprinkle a little humor
in the discourse. In his speeches before
the Road he quotes Scripture generously,
and even more so In conversation.
As for his private life, that seems to be
exemplary. After rising he prays for a
long time in his room, and "talks over
with the Lord" the questions of the day.
When he develops a conviction In this
way he proceeds to act on it. Kruger's
piety once nearly cost him his life. A
good many years ago he suddenly disap
peared, and when he failed to show up a
searching party -was made up to hunt
for him. At the end of three days they
found the future president, who was then
a field cornet, lying face down on the open
veldt. He had been praying three days
and nights steadily, without food or
water, and was nearly dead. When car
ried back and revived, he explained that
he had done it as a chastisement for his
sins.
Two stories the Uitlanders relate to off
set Kruger's pious disposition. One wat
printed in a Natal • aper during my A
sojourn there, and I did not see re- M
futed, though I can not vouch for its
accuracy. The writer accused Oom *^k
Paul of punishing one of his Kaf-
fir boys once by tying him un- m^k
der his wagon, spreading out
legs and arms ami making
them fast to the axles. The m^M
boy was hauled for two
days in this position.de-
clared the writer. On a^M
another occasion
Kruger, when he
was trekking. lust
an ox and could
not find an-
other to take
its place, so _^fl
he hitched _^fl
>' P a
Kaffir
in the team and completed the Journey.
This chap Is still living near Dreikopjes,
in the Orange Free State, at a ripe old
age, so the experience does not seem to
have Injured him. In fact, he seems rath
er proud of the distinction.
When it comes to treatment of th«
blacks, however. Englishmen must remain
immured in glass houses. A native will
take his chances of good 'treatment with
a Boer every time, though his life Is a
mighty unpleasant one at the best.
The first question I put to Oom Paul
was why he did not give the Ultlander
the right to vote, which the English put
forth as their chief cause of complaint.
Mr. Kruger smoked hard for a moment,
then laid down his pipe, and placing his
hands on his knees, said: "A man can
not serve two masters. Either he will
hate the one and cling to the other, or
despise the one and love the other. Now,
the Englishman wants to do this. He de
mands the franchise from me, desires to
become a burgher, and yet when it comes
to trouble he would forsake us In a mo
ment and claim the protection of the
Queen. How can I give such men the
chance to vote? They do not take any
Interest In our country. They have not
come here to settle. They wish us no
good. I want to be fair with every on«
who cornea here to live, and when he ha»
proved that he Is a good citizen and has
come to help us, 1 want him to vote. But
we have a law for bigamy In the Trans
vaal, and It is necessary for a man to
put oft his old love before taking on a
new."
When one has lived In Johannesburg he
recognizes the truth of Mr. Kruger's .
reply. The Rand is a stamping ground A
for a great mass of people from all A^k
over the earth. Very few remain AMmW
there one or two years, and only Aum\
that long, for the most part, .be- Amm\
cause they can not raise the A^k\
money to get away. They amM
are only concerned In mak- A^k
Ing a fortune rapidly, A^k
and returning to a Amm\
pleasant country as amM
quickly as possible. Amm\
You do not. see A^k
persons moving AmM
out on the AmW
veldt and cul- AMU
tlvating the aU
soil; no aMM
one cares aMU
a rap aMU
about AWM
THE SUJSDAI (ALL.
Oorn Paul Jells ftis Own Story &
developing the country. Only the Boers
are tit for that. But this surging mob is
discontented. Nearly every one gambles
in stocks, horse racing or poker, and
when lie loses it is attributed to the
Boer Government. Ninety-nine men out
or a hundred have come there to "take
a flyer," and it is immaterial to them
wno is running: the government.
Not so with Mr. Rhodes and the Eng
lish Colonial Office, however. There is
the stain of Majuba Hill and the Jame
son raid to be wiped out and $100,000,000
to be made from the gold mines, and
England will never be happy, therefore,
until she gets possession of the country,
lock, stock and barrel. The only thing
that stands in her way is that old. sleepy
looking fellow, who is now turning very
gray from constant worry and bowed
with care that gives his face a look of
world weariness.
Mr. Kruger related to me graphically
and briefly the history of the Boers from
the time they settled in Cape Colony,
whence they were driven out by the
English, until they settled in the Trans
vaal. On this great trek they killed 6000
lions, out of which number Kruger him
self killed 250. They fought their way
step by step until they finally reached the
long ridge known as the Witwatersrand,
where they settled, all unconscious of the
hidden wealth. "It seemed so poor," said
Mr. Kruger, "that even the English did
not begrudge it. So we established a
government, developed a constitution and
laid the foundation for a nation. We
built towns, cultivated the soil and were
making great progress and living peace
fully when gold was discovered. ■ Then
new and perplexing questions arose and
England immediately became avaricious,
but we were not willing to give up the
country which we had developed by the
sweat of our brow, and so there was Ma
juba Hill. You know about that?" Here
Mr. Kruger blinked slyly and a laugh
went around among the Boers. "So,
now." continued Oom Paul, taking up
his pipe and dropping into parables, "the
gold fields are. like a beautiful rich young
woman. Everybody wants her and when
they cannot get her they do not want any
one else to possess her."
"Can the English starve you out?" I
then asked Oom Paul.
"If the Lord wills it/ yes," he replied.
If not, the English can build a wall
around us as high as Jericho and we will
live and prosper." By cutting off all sup
plies the English military expects and
hopes to speedily bring the Boers to
terms in event of war. Against this
Kruger has provided by building store
houses and granaries, where meat and
grain are kept in great quantities.
The great drawback to the Transvaal
is that she, lacks a .sea port. The most
convenient one is Delagoa Bay, owned by
the Portuguese. As Portugal Is mort
gaged to England, the latter country con
trols it. I asked Mr. Kruger If he intend
ed taking this port, but he only replied:
"Cursed be he who removes his neighbor's
landmarks."
Towering over Johannesburg lea big
fort, and working in subterranean pas
sages the Boers, it Is said, have under
mined the whole town, «v«n to Commls
sloner street, where the pride of Johan
nesburg's buildings are located. The
Boers can muster 30.000 men, all well
armed and good marksmen. They have
warehouses full of ammunition, and could
undoubtedly, with their present defenses
and power to wreck Johannesburg and
the mines, afford sufficient menace to
Great Britain to make her hesitate.
Mr. Kruger is now 7ti years old, and
has been elected to the Presidency four
times. His salary Is $3.i,000 a year, with
$1500 for coffee. This he drinks Mack, and
so hot that the burghers say it will scald
the hair off a dog. His life has certainly
been a remarkable one. and at different
stapes he has been a farmer. herdAnan,
hunter, soldier, clergyman. Ehnbassador,
triumvir, financier, head or the army, and
is now serving: his fourth term as Presi
dent. In recent years be has bought and
sold land a good deal, and is reputed to
iic very wealthy. His habits and method
of living are so simple, however, that he
could have saved nearly all his salary in
these years, which would give him a tidy
fortune.
As he closed our interview Mr. Kruprei
went across the hall into a low ceiUnged,
whitewashed room and leaned for a ;no
ment over a placid faced, motherly little
woman, who was seated on a rocking
chair, darning stockings. This was Mrs.
Kruger, who. though one never hears of
her, Interested me mightily, because she
&he &nd of the idorld.
Scientists do queer things sometimes.
One .of them attempted to calculate in
cold mathematics how soon we may ex
pect the Judgment Day; and he has pre
pared a paper on the subject which he
expects to .read before the American As
sociation for the Advancement of Science
when it meets next month in Columbus.
Starting with the total amount of energy
stored in the sun and the fact that the orb
of day is continuously distributing energy
equivalent to the work of seven men for
each area of the earth's surface on t'e
size of the human body, our statistician
calculates that it will require 3,375.090.000
years of outpouring before a sensible di
minution of the quantity of energy nven
out can be detected. Up to this distant
period mountains will stand, rivers will
run. plants will grow and animal life W'ill
exist very much as it does to-day..:
r If you realize that solar energy as soon
as used reasserts Itself in some other
form, either as sound, electricity or simple
motion, it is easy to see that this estimate
is too small rather, than too great. 'At
any rate the " world is not . liable to stop
going for a few years yet, according to
his reasoning.
Some idea of the vastnesa of the force
that is meted out to us from the physical
source of earthly life may be gained, be
seemad so utterly oblivious to the tur
moils that are besetting her husband's
nation. She got Mr. Kruger's hat, es
corted him to the door and then went
back to her knitting. It was difficult to
think of her as the first lady of the land.
Yet she has been Mr. Kruger's constant
helpmeet through all the years of nls
public life, and their affection for each
other seems to have grown with each
succeeding year. She is Mr. Kruger's sec
ond wife, and was a Miss Dv Plessis. a
name of prominence in South Africa,
Kruger's first wife was an aunt of Miss
Dv Plessis. and bore him one son. who
died. Sixte< n childn :i were the fruit of
this second marriage, and of those seven
an living. The uirls are comfortably
marrie.l to burghers In and about Preto
ria, and ill' boys take '•'■■'■ active interest
In the army. One ■• i-in-law, Captain
Eloff, nas i i; i • himself famous by build
in;, the most i .• islve :i:. ; : := ; ' >n in South
Africa, il. has a i rued a fortune in real
estate operati ins, and is supposed to be
worth $2,060 . On< of Kruger's sons acts
as hi:- and another is • aptaln of
an Infantry company. Mr. and Mrs. Kru
ger live 'n a little two-story cottage,
painted white and covered In front with
morning glory vines. Their mutual ambi
tion is to *■■>■' their nation independent of
Great Britain, and then spend their iast
days peacefully and quietly in this littU
home.
says, by considering that if the energy
that the sun gives to earth in a single
day could be bottled up and directed
against Niagara Falls it would cause that
great body of water to dash back again
up hill for 1000 years. If turned into a sin
gle Iwst of heat It would cause every liv-
Ing creature Instantaneously to blight and
wither: the Ice around the poles ?ould be
melted in one and three-quarter minutes
anu in another eleven seconds all the
oceans would be turned into steam.
If transmuted into electricity a spark
would flash from the earth as far as the
planet Jupiter. If collected into a single
sound the vibration thereof would not
only break every ear drum in the world
but would uproot the giant trees of the
forest and oven level mountains. If
changed into a momentary flash of light
its hurst would be so blinding as to pen"
trate the walls of the deepest dungeons
and destroy the sisht of every living crea
te •■ in brilliancy this flash would ex
ceedl the brightness of the sun itself over
a million !::
For one man to expend an amount of en
ergy equivalent to that which the earth
receives from the sun in the tenth part or
a second be would have to work hard con
tinuously for 87.000,000 years.
This. calculation is remarkable in that
its result differs by more than 3,37i),000.000
years from the period when scientists gen
erally believe that the world will come .o
an end. Such experts as Darwin and Hux
o^ ™ eyed that lt could not sustain life
2,000,000 years hence-THE LARGEST VINEYARD IN THE WORLD.
/""^ Hon.n the traveler from New
L England, while on his way to San
S'.n drop for from New
■is way to San
■ ■
il days at th»* station of Vina, in Te
~rf' hama county, he would see some
thins that would op -n his eyes and
cause him. upnfi his return home, to look
with disgust on the little Vermont hill-
Bide farm. hn!t :he sizr of a Mer.lo Park
garden, which it had taken his family
several generations to acquire and which
had hercir.fore appealed to him with all
the grar.dour of a principality.
The rer.son -if this change or view wc.uld
have bten found in the visit he had made
to the famous Vina Ranch; the property
of the I-eland Stanford Jr. University and
one of the representative farms of Cali-
The gentleman, whom we will suppose
has beer invited to spend h couple of days
with Man.wr I. H. Ramsay, will '(Radf
himself, upon aliEhtinj? from the tr;itn.
nut by Foreman Houseman, who places
him in a carriage drawn by a pair of
horses that would ornament the stable
of an Arabian prince, and starts him up
the roail at a record-breaking gait that
makes his hair stand on end. The town,
a merp collection of housrs which sur
round a s:;iti"n and its water tank, is al
most immediately left behind and the vis
itor enters upon a road winding through
Do /^9imals J-iave Souls?
•— -N I) animals have souls? That is the
De has That is the
that has I
I theological world for many years,
JIJ and In spite of the fact that the
most learned men have given their
most serious thought to the problem l
1 radically no nearer a solution "- da>
than it was a generation or two ago.
Of late, however, there has bee-, a very
<Widod revival of interest In this sub-
SSylffid the columns of the religious p. en.,
have be. used freely for the presentation
of theories that would never hav- J.«n
the chief difference between man and the
the chief differ.
lower animals was to be found in the .act
,haf the latter possessed ™' hln K ™ r £
than a material body, the end of winch
I"* the gravej whereas the more fortu
nate human being had been given a soul
orjsplritual body that would continue tv
exist after life should cease.
This has been the belief < f the nass of
jeliglous people and there are few chi<
dren who have not been brought to take
this view of the matter. That this .la
Jhe opinion of the entire religious world,
however, has now been shown to have
beeff far from the truth, for not » few
cergvmen have recently come J forward to
advocate their belief in the immortality
of the lower animals: and while th« Ques
tion itself is naturally one that man can
V.pvcr decide there is reason to believe
hat the world may yet change as opinion
upon the subject and that thetmemii
• ., when those who believe
... B - ,ul will b.
rity.
viva) Of
. ■
b"en taken by several cier*>menJ«J ,■„„,
Inencu in the religious world: ills itaUi:.
" tins new school of UhOUßhl ";£[>*
tai(i to be Rev. Forbes Piuuu»»; -i i<-i,..
--mar whose writing under mo nania of
-Athd Fortes." arc known where vr tie
English tongue is read.. A lew '}\™}}\*
feoithla gentleman astonished his congrej
KuUon by openly insisting thai he was of
fheiopinton that animals had Ims and
thl peri i stent manner in which he uasex
pounded his belief has led to tlio wide
spread discussion that has resulted in
■winning many converts to his tlieor>.
Mr Phil does not base his opinion
upon sentimental grounds, but usea argu
roents and Illustrations In support of hla
opinion that must appeal to v : "" :ii , used
to logical methods of reasoning. Ha qi }o tea
Scripture to prove that the writers of the
Bible fever tor a moment believed that
their animals would not enjoy Immortal
ity with them. Job spoke of the spirit of
the man and the spirit of the beu.st. and
other of the prophets made use of ex
pressions that showed Plainly that in. 1 '
was one subject upon which all men ht-ld
the same opinion. But Mr. Phillips Und
one of his strongest arguments in ti;o
origin and definition of the word • para
dise " a word always used to denote the
future life. It is found In all the ancient
languages from the Sanskrit to the Crieek,
and In every instance it Implies the same
thing— a beautiful park or pleasure «.ir
den inhabited by every kind of harmless
beast and bird. Here man may spend
eternity surrounded by those whom he
has known and loved during, his life on
sari li
The opinion is by no means a new one,
although it has not been accepted by ,
modern Christians. In nearly every in
stance the Eastern philosophers agreed
that If man was Immortal and there was
any life beyond the threshold of the shad
ows animals must be destined to enjoy a
similar fate. , . ,
Mr. Phillips does not stop with the re
ligious side of the question, however. He
calls science to his aid and from it draws
arguments that none of his opponents
have yet been able to overcome. On one
occasion he said:
"Sclonca tell* us that the structure
which we call the body i. composed of
atoms In perpetual flux, constantly disin
tegrating, constantly passing away. The
body of childhood Is not the body of early
youth. Once In a dozen years the whole
atomical structure of the body is changed.
But the identity of man remains the game
in spite of all. Memory will, the inner
consciousness, are ail there. We change
the material but man's true self remains.
Death is the final dissolution of partner
ship between spirit and body. If this ar
gument is sound it applies equally to man
and beast.
"Take another view of life as merely a
force. 2s*o form enn be lost in the uni
verse. What Is the relation of animal
consciousness to the mighty life which
pulses through things temporal and eter
nal? Why should It cease or come under
the exceptional law of annihilation?
Again, we believe in a just God. Surely
there Is some compensation for our dumb
friends for what they suffer here, some
reward for their loyalty, their faithful-
ness, their courage and the higher facul
ties they manifest.
'•To the practical mind and to t lie con
templative mind the same thought occurs
and is entertained. This moral convictl in
of a future, which protests against the
extinction of life with the dissolution ■ f
the atoniical embodiment, to the I
mind must also include and pi
against the extinction nf the life of other
animals as well as that of man."
With such arguments Mr. Phillips has
opened a discussion that has extended
Into every denomination of the religious
world, and it is cafe to Bay that there are
thousands ol p»ople to-day who believe In
CALIFORNIA WINES AND BRANDIES
BRING HIGH PRICES IN FRANCE,
WHILE WE ITIPORT THE FRENCH
VINTAGE UNDER THE DELUSION
THAT IT IS A SUPERIOR QUALITY.
the raich property to the cozy littU
embowered cottage which is the hon
Mr. Ramsay.
Hero he Is met by his hosl and taken
at once to his room, where iie removes
the ?tf:r,s of his long journey by rail and
ilesct-'nis to partake of such ;•• m al as
can only he found in a California farm
house, where excellence of cookl i
backed by a larder which is only limited
by the of a contii
After his meal is finished he goes on to
the veranda, and accepting a L'ood cigar,
lights It, and settlii
the spacious armchairs that ;■•
here and there, asks a few questions
while waiting for the team of t! irough
breds which is being hitched up to carr:
him about the place.
The answers ho re eivpe to his
tlons are such as to astonish him. He
thought hi mlng,
but all the rural Industrj of N<
rmt together seems small i i whai t,
hear." of this i ■ i al " rnia farm. He
learns thai the \ Ina Kr. nch covers •
acres, beside which it controls, and prac
tically owns, 100 square miles i t i
utilized for sh op and cattle grazing pur
poses ■ ■ . . •
land aro. fn addition to the natural water
ways which int. sect them, nourish'
over 200 miles of Irrigating ditches.
Tho mar. from Vermont will also lenrn
that the ranch Is devoted to a variety
of agricultural enterprises, each one of ;i
magnitude sufficient to make it an In
nce by its< if up.i rt
from the vineyards, wherein are g
the grapes from which the famous Vina
the immortality of animals who held a
contrary opinion until this English cler
gyman commenced to expouncf his doc
trines so eloquently. That he should have
met with opposition is only natural, but
at the same time he has had no lack of
support, and one of his most emphatic
apostles is Rev. Charles J. Adams of
Stat. n [aland, N. v.
It was only a few years ago that ani
mals were regarded as brutes incapable of
feeling the Joys and sorrows that went to
make up life for that superior animal,
man. Gradually, however, thia opinion
has been changed. It has been found that
animals possess a remarkable memory. It
THE SUNDAY CALL.
brandy is made. <>n further inquiry
he will learn thai there is enough land
planted in peaches, pears and prunes to
produce n ■ op of ovei -•■■ ; tons, for which
a price of $45, delivered ai the cars, was
receh ed thi; i m; I ha) the dairy,
w hich pn iduci ~ : p >unds of butter
month, is supplied by -'^ j.. ur»
blooded Holstein cow;; thai give each
month illons of milk. Tlm- grain
ol the farm hi will b( told
sacks each b< ason; and over 60 I i -
. f wool Is ' I lamed from p that
graze on tin i ange. M i ; i 'his
the fan h*ad
00 l lules and
c\\i( ks, chli k< m
ich numbers as to defy all
computation.
To attend to all ;..•;!.■ i n fi om New
Ei gland will learn thai • ■ ces ol
about SOO men are required and the ex
■ or (10,000 per month.
"Bui this Is the season for harvesting
the grape crop and the team Is now
standing ready to take Mr.. Ramsay and
his visitor to the vineyard, 3800 acres In
extent, where the lons rows of green
vines stretch away and away until their
color seems t« merge and lose itself in
the shadows of the distant horizon.
In this vineyard the visitor will see over
two hundred men busily engaged with
scissors sepa ting the purple clusters
from the stems which droop under their
v:.?;ht and casting them Into boxes
vrl-jh are- lifted into wagons and hauled
to the winery, where they are dumped
Into elevators ■ ratine: on much the
same plan as those in the grain store
has beer: decided that they have the power
of reason, sometimes developed to a con
siderable extent. The> are benevolent or
otherwise, criminal or honest, and these
traits of character are just as fully estab
lish.-d in the animal n* they ever are In
man. The monkey may be a criminal,
with hatred In his soul. To-day, therefore.
the man of practical mind h:is a very dif
ferent opinion of animals than that which
he in Id ara ago, and it is far from
Impossible, h the light of past events,
that the belief in the Immortality of these
animals should vet become the general
opinion of the thinking world.
S. RUSSELL HOOKER, Ph.D.
houses of Chicago, by which the fruit 1>
d icted to ihe crushers situated on the
thin; Boor of the fermenting house. Here
the grapes are crushed, separated from
the stem and conducted by gravity to the
numerous fermi nting tanks on a lower
There they are allowed to come to
the proper stage of fermentation, when
the liquid is drawn off and either pumped
Into the fortifying tanks or the distillery.
The pi inducted to the hydraulic
presses, where any residue of liquid it
retains is extracted and pumped to the
distiller;.. The remaining portion of tho
pumacc is then hauled away and used aa
hog f>-. d.
The visitor will get a pretty fair Idea
us' the immensity of this work when he
is told thai sometimes fioO tons of grapes
X" through this process in one day. It
takes about 200 men to do the picking and
ty-five mule teams to haul what
pile up.
The grape crop 'his season is expected
to amount to ahout 10,000 tons, which will
produce about 1.500,000 gallons of wine,
from which will lie made about 75,000 gal-
Luis of brandy. This wine Is stored in
a wine cellar which has a capacity of
about 1,750,000 gallons.
Th>- brandy goes to a special bonded
warehouse on the place, where It is looked
aftei and guarded by a United States
storekeeper. The rapacity of this store
house is not exactly known, but some
id* a of its size may be obtained from the
fact that over 600,000 gallons of the popu
lar liquor has been stored there at one
time.
All tins the man from the East will
learn as he goes from field to meadow,
from orchard to vineyard and from cellar
to distillery, under the guidance of Mr.
Ramsay, who, though but 29 years of
age, manages this great concern and
whose knowledge of the vine and fig tree
Is so thorough that he has been chosen to
award the medals and prizes for the hor
ticultural and viticultural exhibit at the
Paris Exposition.
When the man from the East has been
shown the workings of this great industry
and driven over mllf-s upon miles of road
way, as he goes from place to place tasting
pears here and grapes there, taking a sip
of wine from this storehouse and a little
brandy from that one, patting the glossy
skin of a racing thoroughbred as a host
ler holds open the door of one of a long
row of box-stalls, or subjecting himself
to th« contemplative scrutiny of a mild
eyed, kind-faced, motherly looking Hol
stein. who seems to regard him with a
kindly Interest aa In; watches her tran
quilly chewing her cud, when the New
Englander has seen all this he will find
that It has consumed so much time, not
withstanding the hurried nature of his
Inspection, that the shadows of night are
beginning to diop down and mingle with
the shadows cist by the foliage of the
magnificent oaks that are dotted over the
entire place.
Then it will be time for an excellent
juipper, which will precede the evening
smoke and cnat in me ranch office— a
two-storied building wherein labor the
dozen or so that constitute the farm's
clerical force.
Here the traveler from the ice-bound
coast of wintry New England will be
told the history of the place-. He will be
told that the central portion of the prop
erty was originally a part of the old
Bosequyo Spanish land grant. The orlg
Secret Leagues
of the Czar
A wild panic seized the court circles at
Bt. Petersburg after Alexander's death,
Bays Prince Krapotkin In the September
Atlantic. Alexander 11, who, notwith
standing his colossal stature and force,
was not an over-courageous man. refused
to move to the Winter Palace and retired
to the palace of his grandfather, Paul I.
at Gatchina. I know that old building,
r>lanned~as a Vauban fortress, surrounded
6y moats and protected by watch towers,
from the tops of which secret staircases
lead to the Emperor's study. 1 have seen
the trapdoors in the study for suddenly
throwing an enemy on the sharp rocks
Into the water underneath, and the secret
staircase leading to underground prisons
and. to an underground passage which
opens on a lake. All the palaces of Paul I
had been built on a similar plan. An un
derground gallery was dug around the
Anichkoft palace of Alexander 111. and
was supplied with automatic electric ap
pliances to protect it from being under
mined by the revolutionists.
A secret league for the protection of the
Czar was started. Officers of all grades
were induced by triple salaries to join It.
and to undertake voluntary spying in all
classes of society. Comical scenes fol
lowed, of course. Two officers, without
knowing that they both belonged to the
league, would entice each other into a dis
loyal conversation during a railway Jour
ney and then proceed to arrest each other,
only to discover at the last moment that
their plans had been labor lost. This
league still exists in a more official shape,
under the name of Okhrana (Protection),
and from time to time frightens the pres
ent Czar with all sorts of concocted dan
gers" in order to maintain Its existence.
A still more secret organization, he
Holy League, was formed at the same
time, under the leadership of the brother
of the Czar. Vladimir, for the purpose of
opposing the revolutionists in different
ways, one of which was to kill off those of
the refugees who were supposed to have
been the leaders of tne late conspiracies.
I was of this number. The Grand DuKe
violently reproached the officers of the
league for their cowardice, regretting that
there were none among tnem who would
undertake to kill such refugees; and an
officer, who had been a page de chambre
at the time I was in the corps of pages,
was appointed by the league to carry out
this particular work. Skobeloff, the hero
of the Turkish war, was asked to Join
this league but hp blankly refused.
« ♦ ■
Perhaps the most extraordinary family
in the world is one now living at Arkan
sas City. The mother has been married
five times, and for each husband she has
had a child. The five children are living:
with her and each bears the name of its
father.
lnal gTant was much larger tnan tne pres
ent ranch. In fact it was of greater ex
tent than the average county. The por
tion which is now the center portion of
the university property wad purchased by
some one who bought it for a mere song
that its amorous owner might bestow a
few jewels on some dark-eyed senorita.
After passing through various hands it
became the property of Joseph S. Cone
of Red Bluff, who "in turn parted with
it to Senator Leland Stanford in May.
1881.
From time to time the Senator added to
it by purchasing adjoining properties un
til, at his death, it had assumed Its ; res
ent magnificent proportions. It was orig
inally intended by the Senator and Mrs.
Stanford as a present for their son l.< -
land. He died and the broken-hi
parents saw their plans shattered a-nd
their hopes broken. Then the L-eland
Stanford Jr. University was built as a
monument to commemorate the memory
of the son who would have inherited all
this vast estate had he lived, and in
cluded in the princely fortune with which
it was endowed was the Vina ranch.
The New Isnglander having been told all
this would then ask as to the market for
the farm's products. He would be sur
prised to learn that while the orchard,
wheat and dairy outputs are disposed of
locally— thai is." within the boundaries
the State— the .vine and brandy is a
all sold in the East, being shipp id In train
load lots, tin.' :ars loading at the irery
doors of the warehouses running on spe
cial tracks that have been built upon the
ranch property for that special purpose.
The reason that the goods are mostly
shipped East is that the people of this
State, through a mistaken idea of excel
lence, patronize French wines and bran
J-lou/ Do<£s f\re
"I wonder who christens all these
dogs," remarked the License Collector's
deputy wearily, as he entered for the
thousandth and odd time the name, ad
dresb and full particulars of a two-dol
lar canine In the register.
There was a long siring of people of all
sorts and conditions waiting to contri
bute {2 to the city treasury, merely to
secure their pet dogs against the pre
datory poundman. Some of them, well
dressed ladles, carried Fido or Jip, or
whatever its name might be, under
their arms, evidently under the impres
sion that it is necessary to produce
your dog in order to register it. The
men, being more practical, for the most
part left their dogs at home, and the
work of registration went merrily on.
A roughly dressed, horsey looking
youth, with a peculiarly stupid face,
blocks the way for ten minutes. He
was sent by his employer the day be
fore to register two dogs, and in some
unaccountable manner gave the names
of two wrong animals.
"Do please alter the papers," he
pleads, with tears in his eyes, "or I'll
lose my job if you don't."
The request is altogether Irregular, it
involves the erasure of several lines on
the neatly kept register; but at last,
out of sheer pity for the distressed
youth the deputies yield, and he de
parts rejoicing, having, it is to be
hoped, saved his job
Then the waiting line surges forward
cue step, and ;i well-dressed business
man, wearing an air of contented pros
perity, iteps to the desk. Just sut ii a
man as one would expect lo be tht
owner of a champion Dane or a St.
Bernard of high lineage. Hut when
asked the breed of his dog. he describee
it as yellow, and as bearing the fiuing
name of Tramp.
"Must be a valuable yellow dog to be
worth a $2 fee," I remarked.
The man smiled indulgently. "Well,
it isn't much of a dog, 1 admit, rather
a bit of a sooner, in fact. But my
little boy's fond of it. You needn't
laugh at me for keeping a yellow dog.
1 had the finest fox terrier in the city,
an., it turned up its toes and died with
out any reason that 1 could discover.
Then I got A beautiful Irish setter, and
it took a walk one morning and never
came back. Now I've got a yellow dog
that you can't kill or lose and I'm
happy."
At first sight it seems rather super
fluous to enter the names of dogs in
the register, because the knowledge is
not of any particular value as a means
of identification.
"We do it to prevent fraud," explains
the deputy. "People who either find or
steal a tag come up here to get dupli
cate certificates, and then we ask them
what the name of their dog is. The
question floors them. Anybody, if they
have their certificate, can get a dupli
cate tag on payment of J5 cents, but it
cannot bo used on another dog."
As a matter of fact, however, it often
is. Lots of people who have two or
more dogs apply for duplicates, pre
tending they have lost the original.
They save $1 75 by this little device.
Another plan is to make one tag do
duty for several dogs by changing the
collar. The Inconvenience of this
method, however, is that you can only
have one dog free at a time. The Li
cense Collector is powerless to check
these evasions, nor can the poundman
help him. If a dog has a tag on it is
exempt from capture, and the pound
dies to the exclusion of all others, wriUa
the real judges of the East and Europe
send thousands of miles to procure from
California those goods, which they say
are superior to anything of the kind pro
duced anywhere else In the world. A
curious phase of affairs Is that a very
lar^r the Vina brandy Is
shippi :■ '. ! 'ii one occasion
a sing] gnmeni to France was the
- it from this country to
any port in the v,
The period of the stranger's visit having
come to a close lv- Is driven to the train
and pui abi ard the cars by his hospitable
tie tag* r Ramsay, who climbs on
the platform to bid him '■ age and
to insist upon him repeating his visit aa
;nnn as an opportunity shall present it-
Thi train draws out of the station.
;md as the traveler sits near the window
- Pullman and looks on the great
: "i vineyard that borders the track
on either side he hears a gentleman in the
n ah ad explaining something to a
ii<~s who are eagerly gazing out
ol the car windows. The sontleman Is
now speaking a little louder, and the trav
eler hears him say: "These great
thai you see are
the Vina vin< • re Ihe largest
• world."
"The Vina vineyards the largest in the
world?' J says the traveler to himself.
"Yes, 1 remember of reading that as a
statistical fact."
T!ir<n the eye of his fancy wanders hack
to Ins Vermont home and the little plat
of land surrounding it. How small and
poor and mean i; now api^nrs to him as
he remembers that the Vina vineyards,
lnrere as they are. are hut a ymall, very
small, section of the California farm he
has just been visiting.
man, of course, cannot ascertain
whether the animal is the rightful li
censee or not.
Still, if entering the names is of no
particular value, it has one unexpected
effect. The register is converted into a
huge comic annual, full of the most ex
traordinary titles ever invented. What
do you think, for instance, of a butch
er who names his coach dog "rihin
bone." still more appropriately minded
is a bootblack who has called his black
dog Shine. A Gordon setter rejoices- in
the extraordinary name of Bangs, and
a cocker spaniel is fittingly entitled
Charcoal.
The deputies, in their own little way,
do their best t" make the register a
humorous document. It seems strange,
but in lots of cases people who are will
ing to pay ?2 for registration do not
know the name or breed of their dog.
Some owners, with cheerful self-abase
ment, enter their animals as mongrels.
The deputies help others out by resort
ing to the time honored legal Doe. Thus
a dog may be of the John Doe breed—
"don't kno\." would have sounded bet
ter. Or an animal, accord'ng to its sex,
may be either John or Jane Doe. One
dog of the John Doe breed Is fittingly
named Muggins.
In view of the popularity of the hero
of Manila Hay one would have natur
ally expect' 3 , a large number of
Di .■••ys. But there are only three on
the list, and on of them, 1 regret to
say, is . mongrel. Certainly this in
sult to our only admiral should not
have beer, permitted. Nor have poli
tics been entirely neglected. Governor
Gage will be lad to learn that he is
repi »se ted by an Irish setter while
Jim Budd has to be contented with a
pup as a ni
The first fortnight of July is natur
ally the busiest period, for on the 15th
of the month the poundman'a wagon
Will acain be seen in the streets, and
no morcy will be shown the unfortu
nate dog without a tag. The two dep
uties engaged in the work. J. J. Crow
ley and J. White, registered between
th'pm l"" 1^ dogs during the first week
of this month. The total will probably
exceed 2800, which means tn the . ity
a nice, easily earned revenue of $6200.
Half of this goes Into ttv treasury, and
half to the police pension fund. "Tt
b< ems tn me," r narked Crowley, "that
the quality of do?? in thi= city is stead
ily Improving. Judging from the regis
ter, more people own good dogs than
in former years."
J. F. ROSE-SOLTSY.
Carefully collected figures sbow that th*
proportion of cavalry to other arms has
been steadily diminishing for a long pe
riod. The artillery has been increased,
the cavalry diminished. Austria. Turkey
and Spain' are the only countries whose
cavalry exceed? the artillery force.
The authorities of Lille, France, have
concluded some exhaustive tests of the
efficacy of ozone for purifying water.
They "find this method applicable on a
scale and mperlor to any hitherto
used All pathogenic or saphrophytlc mi
crobes inhabiting the waters experiment
ed up >n were destroyed. After treatment
the water is weakened in organic matter,
less liable to pollution and more palatable.
The beet sugar industry is assuming
respectable proportions. Last year 33,960
"long" tens were produced in this coun
try. California was by far the larger con
tributor, her nearest rival being Michigan.
It id estimated that these States will dur
ing the coming season manufacture 04,000
and o2,00<; tons respectively, the estimate
for the whole country being 122,000 tons.
The height of the Rock of Gibraltar is
about 1437 feet.
3132
THE SUNDAY OAXZj.