VOT.rME^X^cYII.L>-o. 22.
BOUTELLE OF MAINE
SUDDENLY STRICKEN
Handsomest Man in Congress
Has Congestion of the Brain.
Suddenly Overcome in a Boston Hotel and
His Condition Is Considered
Very Serious.
] - Call.
BOSTON. Dec. 21.— Congressman Charles A. Boutelle of
Maine, long famous as the hands^rne'st man in Congress.
and for many years c of the House Committee on
■I Affairs, was s seized with a violent and peculiar
illness while a guest at Young's Hotel this afternoon. At mid
mght it was foi it it was congestion of the
bran, brought about by acute iroiqestion. but there are excel
lent reasons to liiority that this statement
Sesorrv; I It is officially stated that his
cond.tio- necessarily fatal. It is possible
that the brain trouble is someth -g more than a congestion. The
Congres in the public parlor, and the
attack or ation in the hotel. He was
at once cared for b; ,es and Dr. Johnson. His
condition hat he was not removed to
his room, bt I | directly adjoining the par
se was at once installed to watch him
cons The broiner of the Congressman. E. P. Boutelle.
tfie c ieri was at once sum
moned by telec s evening.
The )3op!e took i precaution to keep the
ual cone Congressman from the pub
!ic B and the physician attendants positively
:cd to even adm f the distinguished patient
until late in the then they maintained great se
crecy and rel nation to be given out ex
cept by the C her. Shortly after Mr. Boutelle
was Strieker to the floor unconscious, and it was some
time be' this he was delirious and gave
every pwd: nee cf sq.tic temporary or permanent mental afflic
tion.
CONGRESSMAN CHARLES A. BOUTELLE. ♦
RECEIVER APPOINTED
FOR THE GLOBE BANK
Examiner Winp to Have Charg-e of
the Affairs of the Suspended
Institution.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 21.— Comptroller
T»aw*-n tnis evening appointed Special Kx
aminer Dar.lH «;. Wine leniporary re
ceiver of the Globe National of Bos
ton. Jla^. In connection with his action
the Comptroller *;iiil:
-
of th<
"In vlc* - of the fact that tv allow the*
hank to remain open longer will ri-Milt in
injustice to u.-iM-cured creditor.", now that
trie condition of Insolvency iv found to
«xlst, !t Ui'omrs my duty under the iaw
to appoint a receiver. A cor.flc'cralile
cajh dividend can b« paid to creditors at
one*.
"The condition of the bank was discov
ered by Special Kxaminer Wine in time
to M>cure such action on the part of the
director* an will probably prevent the
tkllurc from Inflicting heavy losses .upon
• ♦ ♦
i r - * Jl Cl £' ltnrs - but th directors and
stockholders will lo«*» heavily "
Tho l.ank. It is understood." wag involved
!n t. K .e Squire failure and In mining stocks
POSSIBLE SUCCESSOR
TO GENERAL LAWTON
Brigadiers General Bates. Youngr and
Wheaton Amen* Those Men
tioned for the Place.
WASHINGTON. Der. 2l._r t J, MM at
the War Department that th* vacancy in
the list of major generals of volunteer*
caused by th« death of General Lawton
will not be filled until after th« funeral
service* over the remains at Manila
prior to their transportation to the
l>lted States It is Fa <d amon*
woll-lnformed officers of the army in
th>s city that thf appointment will go
« Ul li r w° O' nrrMl Jn £n <'• Rates. General
8. M. B. roun»» or General Lloyd Whea
lon. These onicers- hold tho rank of brig
:i.ll«r si-neral of volunteers and each has
«lis;lr»rui.«hed liimsrlf in active military
>T,!.e in the Philippine Inlands. X
It Is also understood that Brleadler
General A. R. Chaffce. who has been
Chief of staff to General Brooke com
manding the division of Cuba. Is likely
to t>e relieved of duty In that division In
a Fhort time and given an Important com
mand In the army In the Philippines
General - Lawton held the Sice of In
spector general with tin- rank of colonel
in th<» regular army. His death makes
the following promotions in that depart
ment:"
Lieutenant Colonel Peter A. Vroom to
be colonel: Major Charles H. Hell, to be
lieutenant colonel.
A vacancy In thus created in the Hat
of majors and Inspectors general which
probably will be filled by transfer from
the line.
The San Francisco Call
BRITONS WORRY OVER THE
KIMBERLEY RELIEF COLUMN
It Is Feared Methuen's Army Is Cut Off by the
Boers and That There Is Now a
"Second Ladysmith."
WAR SPIRIT IN GREAT BRITAIN.
• The purtrai'- ... ;n South Africi. In th^ c ,. ntor picture are a
shown the Ri-serv^ n.- .- . mental depot.
NEW Y< )RK. Dec. 21. — A Tribune special, elated London. Dec. 22, 6a. m.. say**: General
• of non-commissioned officers and men reported wounded and missing after the I
"' ' » issued by the War Office last night. Including all ranks, the Briti>h casualties in
last Friday's engagement were 144 killed. 743 wounded and 221 missing; total. 1 108.
Further stirring details of the battle are published to-day. "So terrible." one corre
spondent, "was at times the n>c from the Roer rifles that it seemed inconceivable that mortal man
could continue to advance in the face of it." Many deed? of heroism arc reported. Men returned
to the fire to bring: out wounded comrades and in one case a corporal succeeded in dressing the
injuries of two men under a murderous fusillade.
LONDON. Dec. 22.— There Is much
deep anxiety her*' as to the situa
tion In South Africa, and the pain--
ful nervous tension grows more
acute as the ominous silence con
tinues In regard to Generals Buller and
Methuen. .
Below all the enthusiasm evoked hr the
magnificent response to the call for volun
teer* Is a strong undercurrent of appre
hension, especially as to the condition of
the Klmbcrley relief column. It Is none
the less perc:~tible from efforts made, to
smother it by suggestions in which hope is
father to the thought that the War Office
ha." news from General Methuen which It
is concealing for mrategic reasons until
hi* supposed withdrawal to the Orange
River has been successfully completed.
This morning a well-authenticated re
port was received that news from General
White had rome through to the effect that
he was fully provided with ammunition
and food and able to hold out for some,
weeks more. This would greatly affect the
situation and render all haste on Bullcr's
part unnecessary.
The news that General Methuen has re
ceived a discourteous reply from General
Cronje has some Indirect value., as show-,
ing that his line of communication was
open on Saturday last, but the danirer of
his column being cut off has by no means
vanished. It certainly appears probable
that he will have to retreat. He is faced
by a superior force of Boers and is un
able to advance, while the Boers have al
ways in this war. sooner or later, operated
against the communication of the British
columns.
Should General Methuen be nit off by
the Boor force seizing his old positions
nt Gras Pan and Helm-nt, the British
might have another Ladysmlth on their
hands. Even the most sanguine enthusi
asts admit that with one Ladysmlth the
situation is critical enough.
If General Methuen falls back he will
be able to wait with perfect security for
the arrival of th.c sixth division, when
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1899.
the forward movement can b*> resumed.
and In view of the strength of the Boer
position a frontal attack does not prom
ise much, unless combined with a turn-
Ing movement, which means heavy rein
forcement*.
The silence maintained at the War Of
fice as to General. M«*thuen's movements
mlsrht be with the Idea of keeping such
a backward step secret until completed.
Liord Roberts' letter to the American
and Canadian people received the fullest
Indorsement here.
The Dally Telegraph says: "Ther*» Is
nothing like adversity to test the value
of our friends, and we have already made
many significant discoveries in our re
cent mishaps. Perhaps we knew before
that we were not greatly loved on the
Continent, although the bitterness of
feeling aroused by our splendid isolation
is even greater than we thought, but in
all stronger contrast to this cold, carp
ing envy stands out the sympathy of
America and .magnificent devotion of
those distant lands which form proud
links in our chain of empire. It' Is well
that the general who has been called to
uphold the traditions of our army in
South Africa should call our. attention to
these lncontestible proofs that Great Brit
ain is never less alone than when she
seems to be isolated from Continental
friendships."
In default of any Important news of
Generals Buller and Methuen. public at
tention is directed to the question of the
possibility of the Bo«rs Importing food,
munitions of war and recruits by way of
the Portuguese port of Loure/izo Marques.
Many statements, some of them bearing
evidence it accuracy, have appeared In
the newspapers apparently confirmatory
of these reports. The passage of foreign
officers and- men into the Transvaal, how
ever, is most difficult to prove., and be
fore it car. be assured that quantities of
ammunition and food stuffs are passlnr
into the Transvaal f rom - Lourenzo Mar
o.iiez th» facts must be absolutely sure.
England at present Is directing a \ery
keen and critical eye upon Delagoa Bay—
more so than Is generally thought. I
found out to-day by meeting a Delagoa
Bay merchant many sidelights which bear
directly upon the present war. and ex
plain how well the Boers, having no lack
of money, are able to continue their in
sistent and ever increasing resistance. He
said: "The Portuguese officials of Delagoa
port— and I know them well— are the most
corrupt lot In the world. When the war
commenced the Portuguese in Delagoa
Bay. like everybody else In the world,
considered victory a dead certainty for
the British, and therefore they at first
put a certain curb upon the Boer importa
tion of arms, recruits, etc. But since the
English reverses all that lias beer,
changed. They have turned around and
are entirely against us. Instead of help-
Ing the English in l>elagr. a Bay they have
made that port a base of supplies for the
Boers."
•'But." I asked, "how can they manage
that? Don't English warships patrol the
coast and stop contraband of war?"
"Yes," he said, "but what js a con
trol exercised outside of the three-mWo
limit? That does not make any differ
ence. Food munitions and recruits are
brought in aim openly. The arms are
concealed in the lowest part of the tl:ip
and covered with tor.9 of stuff. Examine
such ships out at sea? Why. it would take
three weeks to examine them properly.
As for recruits, they come in the same
-hips as passengers, waiters or sailors
it does not matter how. They are lan led
and received with ovations. and enthusi
asm. After this open-armed reception
they are espedlttOVSly forwarded to Pre
toria, arms and all. They come as -ivij.
tans, they leave as soldiers.' All Europe
is a recruiting ground for — «ier
many. Belgium, Russia, Sweden. Holland
and Ireland all contributing."
"Who recrutta them?" 1 inquired.
"Who?" was the reply. "Who but Dr.
BLUFF AT SUICIDE THE
CLIMAX OF CONSPIRACY
Scheme to Seize William Hicks'
Fortune,
Tortoni Affair the End of a Plan to Marry
Him to a Creature of the
Tenderloin.
THE attempt a w
mmlt an
a< i'l at an early I
mornlni " Tortonl i
proves to be the" climax of a w»r.
planned plot of a few conspirators to g*t
possession of that portion of the Hajr-r
estate which has passed into the hands
of William: Hicks, stepson of Mrs. John
Hager.
The woman who attempted to end her
existence Is Lizzie Sullivan, the mistress
of Billy Akers. the pugilist, who keeps* a
saloon with Billy Shannon, also a pugiiHt.
at 20 Turk street, and It was through
Jealousy of the woman who was to have
been usod as the mrans of fleecing Hicks
that she made the ..luff to swallow the
fatal dose.
For some timf Hicks has been a "goon
thing" on the Tenderloin. Shannon and
Akers have been cultivating his acquaint
ance for many weeks. He flashed hand
fuls of shining tw*>:iti«"s in their place, and
as hi.-* pursf appeared to have no bottom
th*y looked upon him as one of th« best
things that ever appeared along the line.
■
■
■
wealth. All the plans ha<.
wh»-n h<- r- 1. h-<1 th< B
•
■
Ited f'-r him on
was sent out to the coachman to hunt up
a Justice of the Peace nnd prepare r he
latter to ;i«:rform a marriajr*- ceremony
ClOU!'
Leyds. He Is Just a." clever as can he.
Give Lot all the <Tedlt h» deserve*.
It is L\v If with almost unlimited secret
money, who Is engineering all this It is
he who injured and hribed the Frer.rh
j press. Old Kruger gives money and mis.
lof It. Of those recruits Leyd* Is not cel
ling the worst In the land, as has oeen
»tated. but the vf ry best, let me tell you.
[Every Ml dodgy which can throw >l\a>t
j In the ryes of the English Is re3or/ed
; to and helped by the Portuguese i: Drla
j poa Bay. Bear this very much :a rmid.
: for It Is .1 vitally Important point. u'ere
Delapoa Bay to-day to be a Boer posses
sion it wo'ild be Infinitely better for tne
British Government, because we would
then know what to do. but to-day we .in*
powerless to search vessels properly or to
prevent recruits from arriving.
'•In the light of what we know there
Is nothlnn to do but for England to re
member thai sh«vhns-a fleet' and to om« It
to occupy Loun Marquez. If England
acts thus with regard to Delsgoa Bay the
war will bo over in three months. i*
she leaves" things as they are now the war
will last for at least a year."
"You have read in the papers." I said,
"that Germany would not brook Eng
land's touching Delagoa Bay. and that
the Kaiser Rave that to be understood
In hi- recent visit?"
My Informant napped at the Idea. say-
Ing: "I look upon that report as one of
those originating from Dr. Leyds* news
bureau. If England takes Delagoa Bay
she will have thins to fear. France will
not mere with' • Russia, and If Russia
moved she would have Japan on top of
her. Germany has been paid."
"What do you mean by that?" I ask*d.
"I don't mt-an exactly In cash, but In
promises of a quid pro quo In Africa. In
a short time you will find a convention
between England and Germany come to
light. The crux of the present question
for England In South Africa Is. briefly,
that if England wants to finish this war
she has got to buy or occupy Delagoa
Bay. and remember, she has got a pre
emption In the matter of purchase."
The Dally Mall in discussing th« matter
says that "European complications might
possibly follow Intervention on our part
with regard to Portuguese breaches of
neutrality. It Is a subject which must be
carefully considered, but It should not be I
forgotten by the Lisbon poodle that Oreat
Britain has been slow to assert her rights
at times when she has been much more
severely harassed than at present."
CRONJE SENT A RUDE
REPLY TO METHUEN
LONDON. Dec. 21 —The War Offlc- h»«
COLONEL G. M. BULLOCK, Second Devonshires, Cap
tured at the Tugela.
PKICK FIVE CENT&
-
non
■
him in m.ir • •
■•■
■
-
The party then adjourned to Tortonl'*.
Akrrs' mistress. Lizzie Sullivan, who a!»->
appears to have had an eye on th*> Hi.k«
purse, berame exir*>m»ly Jealous of tno
attentions Akers was lavls'hlnit on thw
wr>man whom Shannon and Akers art
said to have selected for Hicks* bride.
• harr
-
with hrr rival.
th<» Bulllvai
It ..
■
• ■ ■
at ai ! h»r
life, i
down
-
By
The name of the woman who was put
forward to Hicks Is a dark se
cret only jJr.own to those who were on
the Inside of the conspiracy. They refu*4
to discuss the matter.
Hicks has retired temporarily from tho
Tenderloin.
received the following from General For
estler-Walker. the British commander at
Cape Town:
"CAPE TOWN. Wednesday. Dec. TV—
Methuen wires that he has received a
rude reply from General CronJ* respect-
Inr his representations ,i - to Lieut-nan:
Chandos-Pol-Gel. saying that thts offlrer
t» regarded as a npy. General Cronje also
states he will hold no further communica
tion with Methuen."
On December r> the British War OftV«
received the following, dated Sunday. De
cember 17. from General Forestl^r-
Walker: "Methuen reports thnt Lieuten
ant Chandos-Pol-Gel was taken prlioner
last Thursday evening meeting a flag of
truce. He waved a handkerchief in re
sponse and was unarmed."
ZOLA SPEAKS OF THE
SYMPATHY FOR BOERS
LONDON. Per. 21.-The Paris rorre
spor.dfnt of the Morning Pout telegraph*
the substance of an interview with Emi!/»
Zola, explaining why French opinion f*
on the side of the Uoers. M. Zola. wh»!<»
expr^julns sentiments friendly to Great
Britain, said:
"The great mass of the French people
are unacquainted with the details of th«»
more or less complicated dispute whirh
culminated In war. In the eyes of th<»
unreasoning nob a powerful nation is as
sailing a small. w#-ak people. The Im
pulses of the mob. although unreasoning.
are frequently generous. Herein Is th«»
explanation of public optnion In France,
Germany and Russia. I am sorry to say
that imperialism exists even in ths
United States."
FRENCH CANADIANS
OPENLY FAVOR THE DUTCH
NEW YORK. Per. a— A special to th«i
WorM from Ottawa says: The outspoke^
sympathy among French-Canadians fn
the Dutch people of South Afrtr.i Jn their
i present struggle for liberty and Independ
ence is not confined to the leading men
In the Liberal party of Quebec.
1 Of the prominent French Conservatives
I known to be Boer sympathizers the most
I recent to publicly declare himself is th»
famous orator and politician. Charter
Thebault of Waterloo, Quebec. Speaking
last night at a Joint poltlcal meeting in
Sherbrooke County he said:
"The war against the Boers Is a crim
inal war. and I warn Canadians against
giving any support to Great Britain. I
j blame Laurler strongly for supporting
1 England in this unjust war against a.2
FOUR HUNDRED FARMERS
ON HISTORIC WAR VESSELS
Landlubbers Enlisted bg the Navu and
Assigned to the Hartford and
Dixie.
NEW YORK. Pec. 21.— Four hundred farmer*, most of whom t^aw a warship
and Fait water for the first time only a few days npo. arrived at the
navy yard on the converted cruiser Dixie to-day. Uncle Sam Is polriß to
do his best to make Bailors for his navy out of men who know all about
a plow and nothing about a Fhip. The farmers came from the Missis
sippi Valley and were taken into the employ of the Government on
th*» f>Ußce^tion of Hear Admiral Crowninshield. chief of the Bureau of Naviga
tion of the Navy Department. He believes th.M good bailors can be made out
of pood farmers.
The men were garbed In sailor uniform when they arrived to-day and at
f.m glance minht hay* been mistaken for real sailors.
It is the intention to haw tli.se men taught all the mysteries of a ship.
Cnmman<l«T Charles Hf-lkimp «n*' his officers on the Dixie will be the Instruc
tors. With the Hartford, whit 2: vni « >o have a number of farmer recruits
aboard, the Dixie will on April IS nest rart on a voyage to circumnavigate the
g!« )><*. There will be enough experirrci >: ..'cm on each vessel to manage it of
couroei The plan of taking recruits from !...• country districts is due to the
difficulty the navy has experienced In getting a sutriclcnt number of able sea
nr n.
■
■
■
h.im
-
: I bu-
■
;tn to
inada.
The French Jourr.nl I-a Patrie of Mon
treal, tho personal oritnn of the Minister
of Public Works. Tarte. and owned by
his sons, in Its issue of yesterday thus
)■•:'.• Britain up to ridicule:
"Tho Imperial Government has e«
jir«-ss«<l to the Governor General of Oan
od.i it* wish to obtain a new continpent
to b<- Mildid to the volunteer* of this coun
try aJnady en the battlefield in Africa-
How many nun and how much time .\.A
Kngland need* to s*ttle with tho two hmall
republics with whicn *he is at war? We
do not ijrnore that many well thinking
jTrmns thiiik it 1p the duty of colonies to
aid England under the circumstances and
discuss . later the new bituation. created
for us. However this may be. it is a
vinkjue fj>ectacle in history to Pee a small
people, such as the Boer nation, check
for even a few day* the empire on which
"the suu never sets.' "
VICTORIA DOES NOT WEEP.
i und
train fr..m
■ ■
<
ttly win^
■ ........
A
■
that :t haie
■ ■
ROBERTS AND KITCHENER.
LONDON. Dec. 21.— T0-day General
Roberta bade farewell to the Prince of
Wales nt the Marlbnrough House. The
ftaff <>f the British commander in chief
In South Africa includes Major General
I'ntiymnn and Viscount Downe, besides
h's p*"«**ent t-"taflf.
ALEXANDRIA, Dec. 21.— Lord Kitchen
er arrived this evening from Cairo and
lecood-daaa
: • Malta.
SOME NOTED VOLUNTEERS
The I 'uke of Mnrl-
wh<> hiiH ■
ith Africa, will
.tako with him fifteen raen nn«l horses of
'■ h!s troc>p. He will pcrbonally furnish the
o«3ull>nv r.t of Jlfs- m«-n. The Knrl of
Warwlrk. the Earl of Dudley, the Earl
of L<':.s,'.nU- end Viscount Galwar are
aiaonK: the other mfmhera of the aris
tocracy who have volunteered for i«T\ico
••In the campaign .••.t-ain.-t the Boers.
SITUATION AT LADYSMITH.
2L— The Dally Mall
' ■ ■ - has ar-
rived from General White to the effect
th*t I.rjflysmlth is well supplied with foot!
and ammunition and can hold out much
longer than ha? been estimate^ The
troops are described aa In good spirits
and anxious to fight."
DISTRESS IN FREE STATE.
• d in trans-
In tho
trcfty
■
ruR:;iTURE goes up.
Eastern Dealers Agree to Raise Their
Prices Ten Per Cent.
PHILADELPHIA. Dec. 21.— The East
ern Furniture Manufacturers* Association,
composed of many manufacturer* east of
Vlttsbur*. mot here to-day and .advanced
j»rlce.» of cort-iin Urns of furniture JT» per
cent. The advance will go Into effect on
January 1. The association. held a meet
ing at "WilllamFport. Pa., a short time ago
and put up prices 10 per cent, but it was
subsequently found that another advance
;was necessary because of the Increase of
the price of lumber at.d other materials.
Colliery Men Strike.
BCRANTON. Pa.. Dec. 21. -A strike be
#*.n -day at the Hyde Park and Oxford
cilleries of the D L. and W. 00. Th*»
drivers went out after making a demand
lor an Increase of 10 cents per day, mak
ing, a ware scale of 1147 p«r day. Th«ro
If a possibility or the strike spreading to
jtbe other coUerles operated by .that com
pany.' Committees have been appointed to
wait upon the superintendent '■-.. coal
Pears'
Pretty boxes and odors
arc u«cd to sell such
soaps as no ofte would
touch if he saw them un-
disguised. Beware of a
soap that depends on
something outside of it.
Pears', the finest soap
in the world is scented or
.is you wish; and the
money is in the merchan-
. not in the box.
All sorts of stores sell it, especially
druggists; all sorts of people are
using it.
unent, i» Urn bope of effecting
FOREFATHERS' DAY
IS DULY CELEBRATED
• Various Societies Hold Appropriate
Exercises and Meet at the Ban
quet Table.
DETROIT. Dec. a.— The New England
j Society of Detroit celebrated Forefathers'
: day with an elaborate banquet at the Ho
. Tel Cadillac to-clght Hon. James Hoyt
of Cleveland delivered the address of the
I evening on "From Plymouth Rock to
! Manila.* He advocated the retention of
, the Philippines on the broad ground of the
j survival of the fittest. Mr. Hoyt also.
during his address, complimented ex-
S.-en-tary of War Alger on* his conduct
<->f the Spanish war. General Alger. wl o
was present, was called upon for a
| speech, and responded with a eulogy or
j General Lawton, after which the entire
I assembly arose and drur.k a toast to !ij 3
! mexpery.
•^fT. I .'" 01 / 11 * 8 ' Peo-,P eO - , a -- Tht ' New England
; Society of ht. Louis gave its fifteenth an
' n , ua J l>a »T Ut --t at the Mercantile Club to
: night. The principal speaker «.f the even
, ing was General Curtis Guild of Huston
: the owner and editor of the Commercial
Advertiser. His toast. "Forefathers'
■ Day. was treated in the most huppv
I manner and the guests listened with ah
: Interest deep and genuine.
; NEW YORK. Dec. n.-The New Eng
land Society of Brooklyn held its twen
tieth annual dinner at the Puch mansion
lin Hronklyn to-night. There were about
j two hundred present. At the guests 1
| table were seat, v Frederick Adams.
Judge of the Court of Kir.. is and Ap-
P7' New Jersey : Rev. Dr. Newell
; IJwipht Hillis. nastor of Plymouth
thurch: Thomas Nelson Page and Rev.
in \\ . H. P. 1-aunee, president of Drown
I niversity. j
The t<>a?t. "Forefathers* Day.** was re-
Bponded to by l>r. Hillis; "The Art of
Landing, by Judpe Adams; "The Debt
fcach Part of the Country Owes to the
other, by Mr. Page.
TRAFFIC DELAYED BY
HEAVY SNOWSTORMS
Weather Is Very Cold and Snowfalls
Are the Most Severe Known
In Many Years.
SAN ANTONIO, Texas, Doc. 21.— News
fr.im Fort Davis is to the effect tha< a
severe snowstorm prevailed there Mon
day and Tuesday and it was still snow
ing when the report was sent out. Tho
snow was then about six inches deep on
tbe level and in some places banked to
a depth of two or three feet. It ie the
heaviest fall that haa visited that place
In a great many years. If the storm con
tinues miirh damage will be done
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 21.-Heavy traf
fic Is delayed on the westbound trains on
both the railroads by snow. The weather
Is very ?old and heavy snowstorms are
prevailing through parts of Arizona and
N«'W Mexico.
BRADY SPEAKS* OF THE
PLAN OF D. J. TOBIN
Says the Syndicate as Yet Has No
Option to Bring Off the Jeffries-
Corbett Fight.
NEW YORK. Dec. EL— William A.
Brady, manager of James J. Jeffries, said
to a Call correspondent to-night:
"The San Francisco syndicate has no
option on the Jcffrles-Corbett fight ,- yet
When the match was tlrst arranged Tobln
said that he would offer a big purse, but
that Is the last heard from him until now
", he , d< P° s| t *d.ouo in cosh the fight
will be brought off at any place he may
name.
After •ting the money we will K \\
him sixty days in which to make arrange
"YiPV to . ld tho rf »ntpst, and Jeffries
will be ready to meet Corbet either in
one or two weeks afterward "
Oceanic Reaches Port.
LIVERPOOL. Dec. 22.-The White Star
lines steamer Oceanic, from New York
December 13, arrived here at 2 o'clock this
The Oceanic, which was reported over
due, was only about sixteen hours behind
her nest record. The anxiety for her prob
ably arose from the big liner not havln X
called at <jueenstown. as usual The
Oceanic did not stop. at Queenstown on
account of a dense fog which prevailed
when Daunts Rock was reached
Sharkey at Hot Springs.
HOT SPRINGS. Ark . Dee, 21 -Pnnnist
T'.m Sharkey and his Fparrlng parttur
Bob Armiitrong. arrived here this after
noon a.nd will rpmaln ppveral weeks The
management of «ie Hot SprliiKS Athtltic
will endeavor t? make a
niHtdi between Shaxkey and some r>u«lli B t
<-f note some time in January. Sharkev
has a K reM to referee the Stelzner-Dunk
hont contest. wMch takes place to-mor-
Spike Sullivan Wina Aealn.
TROT, N. Y. Dee IL-Bptte Sullivan
knocked out Martin Flaherty in the twen
tleth round of their n K ht here to-nl>?ht
l l> \u the nftf^nth round matters w. r*>
much pun
■"»■ Sullh repeatedly on
My ' s rlbi • Ini blows
■ ned in th.'
' - : ■■'■ I'• ■•! • rt) went out in the
taj roejad. Time. | atlaatea and 40 s*c-
Choynski to Meet McConuick.
MILWAUKEE. Win. Dee 21.-Joe
( hoynskl and Jack Mciormick have
fler.ed a contract to moot in a Blx-round
bout I Milwaukee Athletic Club
on Jar,uar\ »-•«•«
Clothing Dealers Assign.
TORONTO. Dec 21.-The R. Greene
Manufacturing Company of London, On
tario, wholesale dealers in clothing has
assigned. Direct liabilities JllO.Ouo; indi
rect liabilities 1100.000. assets $75 000.
Evans Knocked Out.
PORTLAND, Her. 21. -Dudley Evans of
Portland was knocked out in the seven
teenth round by < 'harks Jost of thin dtT
to-night at the Pastime Athletic <lub.
Wins in Second Round.
TACOMA. Dec. 21.-Tom Costello beat
George. Reed to-night In the second round
of what was to have been a llfteen-round
content.
Foupht a Draw.
URAPKORD, Pa.. rVr. 21-At the Cen.
tral Athletic ciuh to-night Bngene \u?
»<nnh of ("lnclnn.-ul and Kddie Hums of
Detroit fought ■ twenty-round draw
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Tak? Laxative Ilromo .Quinine Tablets. All
<3rucKi*U refund the money If It falls to cur*.
£. W. Grsyc'a al*n»turo la on e&cb box. fie.
THE SAN FHAKCTSCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 2'-\ 1899.
HORRORS OF THE WARFARE
WAGED IN SOUTH AFRICA
Correspondents Tell of the Terrible Slaughter
and Bravery Among the British Troops at
Nicholsens Nek and Elangslaagte.
LONDON. Dec. Letters from
British officers and soldiers light
ing in the Transvaal and lengthy
descriptions from war correspond
ents that (liter into print through
the mails teem with thrilling and pa
thetic incidents. Writing. to his mother
a young ottlcer of the Manchesters,
wounded In one of the first engagements,
related that while he lay at night on the
hillside expecting to die. bleeding from a
wound in his thigh and shivering with
cold, there stumbled over him a "Tommy
of my company named Rogers." This
"Tommy" quickly whipped off his own
overcoat, placed it around the boy ofllcer
and laying do • n put his arms around
him and for the rest of that long, cold
night kept him "beautifully warm."
The Times correspondent gives a
graphic account and explanation of the
British disaster at Nicholson's Nek.
where Carleton's column, consisting of
six companies of the Royal Irish Fusi
liers, four and a half companies of the
Gloucestershire Regiment and No. 10
Mountain Battery, surrendered.
••Two hours before daybreak," says this
correspondent, "while the column was in
an enclosed country, either a shot was
lirod or a bowlder rolled Into the battery.
The mules stampeded and easily broke
away from their half-asleep drivers. They
came back on the Gloucestershire Regi
ment, the advance party of whom tlrc<l
into the mass, believing in the darkness
that It was an attack. This added to the
chaos, the ranks were broken by the
frenzied animals and they dashed through
the ranks of the rear guard, carrying the
lirst und second serve ammunition ani
mals with them. It became a hopeless
piinlc The animals, wild with the shout
ing and the turmoil, tore down the Nullah
into the darkness and the last that ami
heard of them was the sound of am«
munition boxes and punters as they were
splintered against the bowlders. The hub
bub of these few momenta was sufficient
to have alarmed the enemy. By a strenu
ous effort the officers Bucceedwd in gutting
the men again under control, and when
daylight came they *elzed the tlrst posi
tion which presented itself and which was
about two miles short of the original goal.
They were forced to take advantage of
tht lirst kopje, as Boer scouts Were ail
urounu them and the day was ushered in
with desultory Uring. It was a sorry po
sition which they had chosen and the
men were in a sorry plight. All their
reserve ammunition was gone and though
they had saved pieces of the screw guns
they were not able with these pieces to
VMich up a tingle mounting.
•'From «.irli. .•! daybreak Boer scouts
were reconnoitering and about • o'clock
mounted Boer* could be seen galloping in
small groups to the cover or me bill west.
Strong parties of mounted men took posi
tions on the tar side of the two bills, com
manding me Kopje from them. About 9
0 clock iheso two parties had crowned tho
hills and opened a heavy :ir at short
range right down upon tno plateau, Our
men made a plucky attempt to return
this lire, but It was Impossible. They
were under a cross lire From two direc
tion*, dank and rear. The two companies
of Gloucestershires, holding the self-con
tained ridge, were driven from their shel
ter, and as they crossed the open on the
low plateau were terribly mauled, the men
falling In groups. The Boers on the west
bad not yet declared themselves, but
about SOOO marksmen climbed to the posi
tion which the two companies of the
Gloucestershire!* had Just vacated. These
men absolutely raked the plateau and it
was then that the men were order to tuko
cover on the steep reverse of the kopje.
As soon as th«« enemy realised this move,
the men on the western hill teemed onto
the summit and opened upon our men as
they lay on the slope. They wore abso
lutely hemmed in, and what hud com
menced as a skirmish seemed about to be
come a butchery. The grim order was
passed around, 'Oh, faugh-a-ballaghs, as
your bayonets and die like men.' There
was the clatter of steel, the moment of
suspense, and then the 'cease lira' bound
ed. Again and again It sounded, but the
Irish Fusiliers were loath to accept the
call and continued firing for many min
utes. Then It was unconditional surren
der and the men laid down their arms.
The correspondent at Ladysmlth of the
same paper, describing the battlefield of
Elandslaagte realistically details the
horrors of war. He writes:
"The battlefield, as it stood on Sun
day, conveyed sufficient proof of the se
verity of the tire. The wounded had been
removed by daylight, but the burial par
ties had not arrived to perform the last
duties to toe dead. The men lay there
as they had fallen, a sad. pathetic tribute
to the courage of the British soldier. Wo
followed this . tragic trail— Highlanders,
Manchester* and mounted volunteers lay
indiscriminately grouped. Then solitary
Hgures under the stones showed how lit
tle the cover had availed them. There
were places where wire fences had Imped
ed the advance. Hero, the carnage had
been great and one bravo fellow, stooped
in death, was cut off as he strove to
wrench a post from its foundations. 'In
the skyline of the tableland the dead lay
thickest, there belnjr the main spot where
the attack had been checked, but the
white flag was already there and strings
of coolies wore dltrglng the trench which
so often Is the soldier*! resting place.
"We rode back to the Boer position— the
little kopje upon which Srhlel and Sis
twenty-thr*? men had made their last
stand.' The bodies of the fifteen that had
fallen of this little band wore grouped as
death had taken them. Some lay with
heads sunken on their rifle stocks, fight
ing to the end. Another had placed his
hat upon a prominent stone 'five yards
away and died with his fingers pressing
a charge into his magazine. What re
mained of the. laager was the litter of
shell fire. Tents wore torn and burned,
wagons splintered and overturned, food
stuffs, dead horses and explosives lay in
wrecked piofiislon. There remained no
doubt that our shell fire had laved upon
the position with full effect, and cne
could only marvel that the Boers had
stood to their Rims so long. But, as one
of the wounded prisoners told me later
In the day. there was no room to retreat
the extended flies of the Manchester regi
ment, overlapping the reverse of the
kopje, sweeping the northern footpath
while the rain of shrapnel destroyed
every living thing on the western slopes.
And the scene at the farm house, nest
ling at tho foot Of the ridge, on the far
Bide, bore out this statement. It was here
that the Boers had brought their horses
for cover Hi.d carcasses lay piled on every
side. The slaughter among tho horr.es
must have been almost as heavy as that
of the men."
Bennett Burlelgh, the Dally, Telegraph's,
Correspondence of the Associated Press-
Living and Dead Officers Mentioned in the Dispatches
From the Seat of War.
war correspondent, supplies a full account
of th- annihilation of the armored train
contingent .'t < !u. '.•:.;., when Winston
Churchill vat. captured. The train. it ap
pears, with the exception of the engine.
lender an ) two trucks, was badly wrecked
by the removal of fishplates, and th ■ . ■v
enty-two icea of the Dublin Fustlecrs
and the ninety-five men of the Durban
Light Infantry, to say nothing of live
bluejackets from the Tartar, wire thrown
out. Captain Haldune of the Gordon
Highlanders, who commanded the rarty.
rallied his bruised and shaken men : nd.
amid a hail of bullets from the Boers be
gan to clear the line, while >thera were
pouring deadly volleys Into the alnost
unseen Boers, hidden behind the rocks
about WOO yards -off, Th« bluejackets,
bravely commanded /by their petty .>m
cer, who was the Incarnation or coolneis.
Rot their erven-pounder into action. They
Bent in two. if not three, well-aimed shells
at the Boers, several hundred of whom
lined the bills. But Just then a phot from
the enemy's three-pounder or Held feun
hit the Birall naval seven-pounder.
knocked (run and carriage on to the veldt
and woun-lod several of the seamen. But
the men were not a whit beaten.
The Pall Mall Gazette's correspondent
describes Winston Churchill's conduct on
this occasion as follows:
"A party volunteers, consisting princi
pally of plate layers, etc., led by Winston i
Churchill, who behaved throughout with
most heroic courage, succeeded In placing
the rails. • Mr. Churchill had previously
assisted in carrying In no less than twenty
men under a terrible fire. Some idea of
the accuracy of the enemy's fire and i f
Mr. Churchill's courage may be obtained
by narrating the fact that' a Boer sh«-il
burst in front of Mr. Churchill, killing
two men on each side of him. Our wound
ed were dotting the veldt on each side.
The continued rifle fire and the weird
Bound of the quick-firers added to the hor
rors of the situation. At last the line was
clear and the engine, with one carriage
of the armored train, was enabled to re
turn to Frere, leaving Captain Haldane
and party fiercely engaged. The Boers
gave it a passing salvo of shells, hitting
the tender and nearly derailing the train
a second time." ■ — -•-
The Daily Graphic's correspondent, de
scribing a visit to the hulk of the Penel
ope at Somers Bay, where the Boer pris
oners are confined, undertaken In the
company of Colonel Stowe. the United
States Consul General, writes:
"The majority of the prisoners are
sleek, contented and Indifferent. They
told me they thought the war would be a
picnic; that they would rash Natal before
tho imperial troops would arrive; that
England would be involved In foreign
complications, and that they would be
able to dictate terms from Pietermarltt
burg and Durban. They thought to view
the Cape peninsula as conquerors, not
from a prison ship. Colonel pchlel steps
with difficulty. His wound in the thigh Is
nearly healed, but he still requires the use
of a stick. Bchiel is a typical soldier of
fortune— grizzly-grey hair, cropped close,
aggressive military mustache, shrewd
blue eyes, a thick neck, a figure still un
mistakably active, but tending to stout
ness. As to bearing, he is a genial man
of the world. He Introduced us to somo
of his brother officers, including Captain
Van Lcggelo, a benevolent, good-looking
cosmopolitan of kindly expression and
modest meln. who told us that he was
born In Holland, educated In Germany
and had a sister In St. Louis."
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
President States That He Will Be
Present at the Launching of
the Ohio Here.
WASHINGTON, ■ Dec. 21.-Senator Per
kins to-day introduced A. T. Vogelsang
and wife of San Francisco to President
McKlnlcy. In the course of the. conver
sation the President remarked that the
weather was very fin*-, and both Senator
Perkins and Mr. Vogelsang replied that
It was typical California weather. The
President laughingly replied:
"That is the usual reply of Californ
ians."
Mr. Vogelsang then asked the President
why he did not accept the Invitation of
California to visit the State and verify
these statements. The President replied
that he would have a chance to make
comment on their statements when the
battleship Ohio was launched at San
Francisco, as he would be one of the
party present at that time.
The members of the. Committee on Ter
ritories of both houses of Congress leave
to-night for an extended trip through
Arizona, New Mexico and California.
Senator Perkins was invited to accom
pany them, but on account of pressing
business was unable to go.
Senator Perkins and Representative
■Waters to-day called. on the Agricultural
Department and on behalf of the citizens
of I."* Angeles asked the Government to
accept Griffith Park In that city and to
establish an agricultural experimental
station there. They both have received
letters from the Mayor of Los Angeles
asking them to urge the department to
accept the park. This will require a
special act of Congress and they desired
the department to recommend It. The
Secretary will talk the matter over with
them in the morning, Both are confident
(hat the proposiuoa will be accepted. 1
I Senator Perkins had a conference with
1 Commissioner of Internal Revenue Wil
i son to-day and was Informed that th.
I department had received reports from
| special agents relative to both revenue
offices in California and was convinced
that they were In as good If not better
condition than any other offices in the
United States.
Mary E. MacCauley was to-day ap
pointed postmistress at Walker. Bisklyou
County, vice •.-, Bender, resigned
Thomas P. peering of San Francisco
has been appointed assistant Inspector of
il'i'jf at San Francisco at a salary of
Dr. M. R. Peck has been appointed pen
j sion examining surgeon at Coiville. Wash.
LIVESTOCK ASSOCIATION
SOON TO CONVENE
May Petition Congress to Reopen
the Forest Reserves to the
Sheepmen for Grazing
FORT WORTH. Tex., Dm. 21 -Four
days of warm debate Is promised during
the annual convention of tha \-iti,>nal
Livestock Association, which ooovenM
hero on the i6th of next month. The Ob
jects which will cause these discussions
Th«» reopening of forest reserves to
Phecp men; terminal charges at the Chi
cago market; feeding In transit ra?«Ton
livestock shipments, and the lea»infc of
public lands It Is said that the lirst is
Of so great Importance to sheep men that
the leaders of this industry In the north
and northwest are sending out circuitrs
to evory association In that country re
questing them to join the National Aa2l
riatlr.n at once and tend full delecatio^
to the Fort Worth meeting The £im£
sltion is that they will aikThe conv^mß? "
to memorialize Congress t, reopen these
reservations. vr " mese
!Si What to m,
j.S give men ■Mm//
c 3 * ▼ lllvll jfl 1 ™V' /
Here's the question answered in a few words — %\II
mere references to what we carry, in furnish- ' X/ /
rf&ji ings; every article is reliable and will be ex- ft
L^^jl changed after Christmas it desired. //*wk
j Smoking Jackets; elegant line $5. $6, $7.50. $10 3fiffl 1
J§Y& j Si'k Webbed Suspenders; plain, but neat $1.00 rJiSj
/SS/j^j Silk and Satin Embroidered Suspenders; very pretty. If' 1 a
PMm Silk Suspenders, with sterling silver buckles.... $2 a!so f . ji
«aCV^J Silk Mufflers, plain shades, fancy brocades. . . $1 to $1 V S&
\l^l &l& lk v Reefers, worthy gifts. $i. 50 , $2.00. $3.00 /^ >
mv>l ht Robes and Pajamas in muslin, sateen flan- ///I/
n2fif „ cl - fla cl f«e. various styles $1.00 to $400 vi\
r!Sk osier of all kinds 25c and sOc a ajr A/ \
*$$Zk C.loves; big assortment $1. $1.50, Dent's best $1.85 \i ,i^\
'V W Dress Shirts; all styles and sizes $! 00' C 1.50 I "**■ V
4\58 Suit Cases; sole leather: steel frames: linen or ' ! «t^ I
ArT q;il rT ned - --- T - -'3. $6. $7.50. $8.50 up to $,o.cx, A^y
fr^V -f. Silk umbrellas, goo.l makes t^ $, «- s^ Xl
\J^ Neckwear; elegant, fashionable line: assortment of
>J\\ all colors and combinations: English squares /
\M')t ' puffs ICCkI, imperials, four-in-hands, club ties' gJi •
\jyj I and b0w5..../ SOC M^l
(V /MV Out-of-town orders filled- wri'e M for our new illustrated I p\l
ns* Catalogue No. 2. f V I
ZJ §§MmM*a>M) 1 1
1&*1 &* f N <2 l^/ r 7 la MARKET ST ■ V^^ { R
DEATH OF A MAN ONCE
GUILTY OF TREASON
L P, Milllgan. Who, During the Civil War,
Was Sentenced to be Hanged but
Reprieved, Passes A wag.
HUNTINGTON, W. Va.. Dee. tl.— Hon. I. P. Mllllgan died to-day. H« was
87 years of age, and his name is familiar in national history- I" M ha
was arrested on the charge of treason and placed in a military prison at
Indianapolis. A military commission found him guilty and he was sen
tenced to be hanged on May 19, 1563.
Th«« gallows were erected, but before the execution the sentence was com
muted to life Imprisonment. Later the case was presented to the Supreme CCourtt t
and Jamei A. Garfield made on* >>( th. argument* In Colonel Mlll'sran/s behalf
and the prisoner was released. He returned to Huntlngton and rcsomed th©
practice of law, in which he continued until V&l, when he withdrew from the bar
because of defective hearing and other Infirmities.
PROTEST OF
THE DEMOCRATS
Dissatisfied With the
Kentuc y Results.
Special Dispatch to The « 'all.
" FRANKFORT. Ky.. Dec. 21.— The ad-
I dress to the Democracy of tho State, In
dorsing the contest Instituted by Go«b«l ]
and other candidates of the defeated j
Democratic tickit, and giving the reasons
therefor, was* issued to-nlglx. It la signed
by former Senator Blackburn, chairman
t«f the State Campaign Committee; Chair- j
man Young of the State Central and Ex- j
ccutivo committees and all of the members j
of these committees. It .■-.!:. i in part:
The State Hoard of Election Commissioners, j
at its recent session. U?u*<l certificate* of elec- ,
• tlon to all of the Republican candidates f»r
: State offices, tut the board «xpres*ly declared
In the opinion that It p-ndenxi. that it acted .
. simply us a canvassing hoard without power
I or authority, a* It construed the law, to in
| quire Into the legality or validity of any con
• trFtcd VOt*. The board expirssed the opinion |
ttmt if clothed with the authority to bo b-htnd
th- returns and d-termine thy matters In con
tention. th» rert'ficatfii of election would not
i have b^n issued to the parties who received
We' feel that in th- liKht of the action of this
i ord, the Uemocratic party cannot M le*s
I than to carry its contention to the tribunals
i<r«-at»d by law for Its determination. m«
grounds upon which this conte«t i!> l>ai«ed run-
M*t of the protest asalnxt the use of tissue
1..-il!i t» in n.any of the overwhelmingly He
publtcun counties of the State. The DM M
; tht-s<> ballot* Is not only in violation of the
I iKter of the law. but Ik In utter and open
! defiance of th« spirit of the law. and the use
■ of the*e ballots furnishes not only piima facie,
but also conclusive evidence -A printed fraud.
Another ground of contest is because of the
I plain violation and defiance of law by the late
' Id-publican Governor of the State, who while
actively engaged In the making Of rtump
speeches, an-1 the prosecution of a partisan
I>olltlcal canvass., ordered out the mllltla.
I or.d, in violation of both law and precedent.
assumed personal command ( i troops In the
rretrnpolls of the State, parading the streets
of Louisville on the day of the election with
his lien and K«itlln«; runs, Inva/llnic the ,
votlnK l>ooths and forclnjt lntf them, asalnut
the protest of the lawfully appointed election
officials pretended Inspectors and challengers,
who the hlßhe« court of th* Slat- ban de- ]
cided, had no lawful right to be present.
] The Issuance of the certificates of election
to the Republican candidates is contested upon
the further (round thru a FeJeral and also a i
State Ju.ltfe. without warrant of law and In ,
dtfiance of every prompting of fair dealing and
decency Interfered with the holding of the
State election; the one by meruicln* charges to
■ Grand Jury end by the employment of ■
deputy United States Marshals, and the other
by Issuing every mandamus and injunction
i asked for by the Republican [arty, which lat
ter Judicial acts have been declared by th« i
supreme Judicial tribunal of th.- State to have
, been unlawful.
Another ground Is the us« In the Interest
i 0/ the Republican party of an Immense cor
■ ruption fund, contributed by the most power
! ful railroad corporation of the commonwealth.
'■ • hereby many thourands of i '■■■ were boupht
aicalnst the Democratic party and its candi
dates, because that party, In the platform I
adepted In its State convention, darod to ad- ,
vocate measures of relief d-manded by the
people of the commonwealth.
AUTOMOBILE CLUB.
CHICAGO. Dec. 21— The Automobile
Club of Chicago has been organised and
articles of incorporation tiled at Spring
field The incorporators are J. OKd«»n Ar
mour. E. Walter Herrick, Samuel Insull.
F X Pulslfer and Andrew R. Sheriff.
The new club has for Its objects the pro
motion of the automobile and social rela
tions amonj? users of the horseless vehicle
and from the large and rapidly increasing
number of automobiles In use here the
club Is expected to be a great success. !
Among other things It Is proposed by the
club to arrange races and tours by means j
of automobiles.
Sentenced for Colonizing.
NEW TORK. Dec. 21.— Samuel Goldbcr
ger. the aaloon-keeper and Tammany alao
tlon dlstri '
I >t th. KiKhl
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TOYS!
You will be surprised at th- pries
and value of our offerings in thi3
line — many things cut in price to se-
cure immense sale for two days. Come
and see what you can save on
Books. Tree Ornaments,
Games, Christmas Cards,
Dolls. Stationery,
Wagons, School Supplies,
Buggies, Doll Furniture,
Purses, Tool Chests,
Animals, Blackboards.
Blocks, Mechanical Toys,
Trunks, Musical Instruments,
Arks, Pocket Cutlery.
Everything to amuse, instruct or
gladden the heart of the young.
Special prices to those who buy to
use along helpful lines for others.
TURKEYS
Will be ready for delivery early on Fri-
day. All things else now In store for th*
CHRISTMAS DINNER
Our home-made mince meat has a rep-
utation wherever a cultivated American
taste exists.
WE MAKE GUTS
In drygoods. notions, wearing apparel—
everything from .-.liar to sixth floor to
clear up stock and get ready for the closa
of the year. »'. , - early if you ran. If
not come anyhow. Open evenings this
week.
SMITHS
CASH STORE
The original reliable and largest mall or-
der house. Ask for Catalogues, free.
25-27 MARKET ST., Bear the Ferry.
Dr. Meyers & Co. |
Men only. Pay when well. No In-
curable cases toKen fldvice, and pri-
vate booK free, offies or mall. Home
cures. Letters confidential. 731 Market
St.. S. F ToK* elevator to third floor.
EUGENE FIELD'S POEMS,
A $7.00 BOOK.
The Book of the Century. Handsomely
Illustrated by thirty-two of the World's
Greatest Arttsta.
GIVEN FREE
to each person Interested In subsrthtaa
to the Eugene Field Monument Souvenir
Fund. Subscribe any amount dcslr-M.
Subscriptions as low as tl will entitle
donor to this daintily artistic volume
"FIELD FLOW i.H'S"
\ th bound. Mil). ax a certificate of sub-
scription to fund. Book contains n •■•:•>•-
tlon of FleM's best an<l most representa-
tive, works and Is res for delivery.
But (or the nobl« contribution of th«
world's Kreatest artists this book cnuM r. t
have been manufacture for less than $7.
The Fund created Is divided equally be-
tween the family of th« late Eugene FkM
and the Fund for the ball ling of a monu-
ment to th* memory of the beloved pott
of childhood. Address
EDQENS FIELD MONUMENT SOCVE IBFCSJ
180 Monroe St.. Chicago.
(Also it Book Stores.)
If you also wish >. send postage, eaclQa*
10 onts.
■ >
Mention this Journal, a* Adv. Is Inserted as cur
Contribution.
B>3 mMSCS S* iSvmCIS Kf SJB>fe SiX
PI th H 9*3 srjji ff»* F3l I H I OmQ
f^IERCES
|b^ FAVORITE
pSCRIPTION
ML IFOR WEAK WOMEN.
REYNOLD'S
fiflllT Specific
WBal waw vhssV '«* penons cce<l
mw ■ bo confined by
Gout or Rheumatism, If on the first approach
of the paroxysm they have recourse to this rexa-
«-dy ; then, a tingle dote Is often somcteaC
v i:it\ « co.. so.so .\. wiiium* m..%. * .
lA/. T. HESS,
KOTA3T rCaLU IKD ATrOBNBY-AT-UW
Tenth Floor. Room lOii. Clsus Bpt»ck«U IJld*.
' » I Telephone Brown 831RAILROAD MEN CONSIDER
PRESENT RATES TOO LOW
Argue Before the Commerce Commis
sion That the Proposed Increase
Is Justifiable.
l«££ I J GTON - D^- =1.-A hearing was
SS^V the Interstate Commerce
fiSS ° n "* the matter ot changes !n
lrO ( Kht classification and advances in
rates by carriers using the tlassl
»4cation.
Many complaints have been filed with
the commf«flon alleging that discriminat
ing cJiasjr's !n freight classification have
t>e»-n agT*^-d L]x,n to take effect on Janu
&P lf ISML To d^rmir.e this qu« Mlo.-i
tne hearing of to-day was held. Mau> of
t..e rr.^st prominent railway official* uf
'k^ * astern P**t of t-e country attended
th* hearing, and representatives of large
shipping interests of the same section
were also present.
At the evening of the hearing C. E. Gill
of New York, chairman of the omc.al
U*«i:ricauon Committee, said the rait
roacs were without knowledge of the per
sons who had requested the hearing and
asked that they be called on to »tate
wherein the proposed changes were un
just.
Mr. Gill maintained that the proposed
advances in freight rates were due to the
:r.ci^ased cobt or railroad plant* and
maintenance, and the advances had been
applied to classes of lieignts that could
pay teem.
Air. UUfa contention that the shippers
It.- r.rst Inttrrogatvu was ovtrru.ej ana tie
nim*ejf was put on the stand.
iie eaia mat all protests would be con
siccred by tne classincution committee.
but the committee was sati*tif»i me pro
poseo. aavaiic«r* were necessary on ae
coui.t or tne tncrt-ase»l cost oi railway
• •peratlozi*. He intimated that Xwr tne
»-ame reason st:ll :urtn«-r advances proo
abiy wcuia have to »« made, l pon many
articles Mr. GUI maintained that existing
rate* of ireigtn wt-rr "unjustifiably io*».
In the ccutse 01 a long vxamir.ation t.y
W . A. L»:i> . attorn*)' for the comm!:t<T,
iir. <iUI gate no reasons for the propox.-a
advances upon r^t-cial articles or Ciiii'-es
ot freight «-xcept the general reasons
wntrh *;>;ilif«i to all frdgnt. He main
l • : tj-.at the proposed nt.w classm</a
::•■:.-. ceneraliy fpt-aklng. wire restora
tions ;•! fr< :»;:.: rates un:ch prevalU-d in
t:n»i^ ia.*t. wiji:: commercial and trade
cenditions wer»- ?'.m:.ar to wnat they now
are. H;s r»-;>i:*s to a loi.g lenu v^'quei
tn>ns indicated that hi* own belief apd
that of his colleagues on the classirtoatloa
committee was that the r*-ce::t markea
advmnc-e In the price of railway t-quip
mont and operating— in steel ra::s and all
Terras of »teel a::a iron, etc.— rendered it
rt^ce.-vsary for the railroads in a d-grit;
proportionately to advance freight rate«k
He hiiid frtlgr.t rat»-s had been a grad
ually dcscenalns scale tor twenty >tars.
l>ut he was unable to *-a.y whether the
proposed new ratos would Ik? hither or
;>'UtT than th« rates which prevailed la
In a statement to the commission Attor
r«y l»ay said a t-ompArison of the pro
;•• >"d rates on certain speeirte articles
showed that the n«-w rat»s would be high
er thar. *-v«?r had existed sine«« the com
mission was created.
Judge C. A. Pr«»uty. a member of the
comffilfulon. tnctitut^d a lm* of inquiry.
the questions and aosiv^n? indicating that
in ;^»7 tht? ra.l2rt»aiis paid mure for steel
rail* and other articles of equipment than
they have to pay now. In view of these
:;ti'.* !ie desired to know why th«- classi
l!<-atl>>n committee deemed it nec>*s>ary
to Increase the rates.
Mr. Gill replied, as h* h^»l previously
dnno. that in the rates on articles which
had adxanfvd they could well stand th«=m
*nd th* railroads n«^ded th* a.«!dltional
r«»v*nu* whtrh th*' advances would give
thTJ. H* inaioated by his «n«ft>rs that
the prevent prii<»s -of artlclef and the
prices !n !^«7 had Itttie if anything to do
wMh tht action of the commltt*««. except
.that. In a general way. th<« c->mmittee felt
th<> arr!<~l»»>= < n which Increase* had b^en
mail** rouM afford to pay them. While
rTftMstji aeain«t the pr«>pos»»<l rat^s had
t<~f-n recclvt-d frnn fhipp^rs th*; shipper*
!;ad not lw»<-n afford**! an opportunity to
be h«ard by the committee, as it was not
th» prartic- «jf th* committee to accord
such hearing*. Ak chairman, he heard
tho protests and communicated their sub
ftanre to th«» committee. Profits against
th«» Proposed classification had not been
considered by the coramltu-e and would
not be until after the classification had
pon*» lr.to effect.
At th» openlnsj nf ihe affrr.oon session
XVUIIam R- Oorwln^. representing tho
Merchants' Association of New York, sug
g<»ted that if a pr>«tr»<>n*m«»nt. of the hear
ing could be had he b^li^ved the shippers
:t».l the carriers might cm* t«. a reason
able agrvm^nt ui»"n the propo«*»d classl
tlratlon which w«iuld prove satisfactory to
all concerned.
N. R. K«-llv. «f>crctar>- «f th" Trad<»
League of Philadelphia, said what th*»
shippers wanted wa* that th<» n«'-w clas-
Mflcatlons should g<» into effect April 1
•r.^teAd of January 1. 15"^. if the railroads
wnuM con«*nt to this proposition he an
ticlpate«l ni trouble. As no representa
tive- of the railrcarts present had authority
to accept Mr. Kellv's prr>r»os!ti«in it went
by drfault. Mr. Gill, who was on the
stand during trie rnnmlr.g session, did not
approve of Mr. Kelly's proposition that
the classlflc.iTinns should not to into ef
ftrt until April 1. as that would deprive
the railroads of added revenues for three
months. He risked for a thirty minutes*
recess of The hearing In order that he
might consult the railroad men pr«s».-nt
B* to the action they should take.
F. S. Monnett. Attorney General of
fthio. questioned Mr. Gill as to the cost
of shipping petroleum, evidently endeav
oring to elicit from him some statements
to the effect that the Standard Oil Com
pany wa_« favored by the railroads at the
expense of the small shippers. Mr. Mon
nett said that in lew than carload lots
of petroleum the proposed classification
Jncreas«-d the rate J£» per cent, depending
en the d!»tance. This, he said, was a dis
crimination whicu would break up the
small sh!w*-r. Mr. Gill explained that his
cr>mm'.tteA had nothlrg to do with the car
Read This Book Free.
A book whlr*i mill renvwe th» cloud from your
future which will »how you how you can ele-
vate yourself mentally and phynlrally. It tel!»
of twenty year» fpent tn the enthusiastic «udy
of \-Jtal nerve force, finding what It cotne«
rrnjj, and. »h^n lort. how tn replace Jt. We all
like to !■» at our b^rt. and from what I have
learned I am In a position to help you.
Study My Method.
Out «T all my experience I have built a
method of lr.?u»ln« the «»tem with %Ita!U!nit
#-l»«-trirlty. «h!ch . • the ba*U of all animal <hu-
m»c» vitality. My book t* ll * h *f I know of
thin, and )'ou can hive It free lf you will call
or write to-<lay.
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin,
TfC Market ft., cor. Kearcy. S. F.: Burdick
Block, cor. Spring and Second nt».. Lo* Ang>-le».
'%'■> •...■
Jvisrf OR- JORDAN'S cheat i
Museum OF ftKfITOBYJ
" Jr TV LicrM V>: ami Min«a in tie \
A . *Tl tTorid »*«»»»«-•-«» at any cocrractrd M
» fi?^ c v*-t prulllrlmrtJ ir» \t*. >4teU »
0 fC-^j :;tt»i:iiiHMCi«a. *>=»-• 0
a /^gl 08. JCKCAN-FKIYATE DISEASES 4
* B<CV^S C«»«c»t»t»oB fr'» md ftri t'y r"'»ar \
I'fS/ji Tnroew i'ru«'v m I>- Irttfr A J
II ff "• IJ /*« in* Cwrtiaettry cate tcxScrukca. T
a«1 lln «,, r •-h c piii«»uraiHi
#I ■/ 'IV ■tnaiti.r. *«:u» «•»!£. 'Ar
i i 11 **■" i " jlc book °"' r ' ; i
f DC JonDi^ A «0.. >»: Mark*tsi..ft. F. f |
it th«
-- than
■
A-- -
.- i the
■
-
-
tly In
tnpany wa*
-
■ paid tot
-■
" ■
•■ ■ -
-
- com
-
- - • ••■.
- n and
RAILROADS GRANTED
AN EXTENSION OF TIME
■
-
• \ -
RESCUED FROM
LIGHTNER MINE
Three of the Four Men
Taken Out Alive.
F?ecl*l D!»p*trh to Th» Call.
STOCKTON. Dec. 21.— The latest partic
ulars of the disaster in the Llchtnermlne
at Angels Camp are to the effect that all
the imprisoned miners, with the excep- i
tion of Fisher, have been taken out aJlve. j
Whltton. who was taken out last night, i
is still suffering from a badly crushed arm j
and numerous bruises, but will recover,
and his arm will bo saved. John Me- I
Kewin was more fortunate. He was lib- i
crated early this morning. Though he I
was found all doubled up he, was not in- '
jured beyond a few bruises, and is all
tfght to-day. F. E. McNair is the worst
Injured of the living. One of his arras ,
was caught between a large rock and '
some of the timbering, with the result
that It was crushed off between the wrist
and the eibow, and amputation was found
to be necessary. The operation was per
formed this morning.
The. bedy of Klsher has not yet been re
covered, but Foreman Sechell declares
that he knows just where the body is. He
expresses the fear, however that there is
little hope of finding Fisher alive. The I
rescuing party is still at work removing
the obstructions.
Fisher was about &"> years cf ax* and
leaves a widow and thr«?e married daugh
ters.
It is believed that the cause of the cave
wns the recent heavy rains, which so
moistened the ground that the eight feet
beyond the timbering, being unsupported,
caved in. There were nine men at work
near the point at the time, and It is re
garded as miraculous mat only one was
killed. The five men working 'under the
timbers, with tht? exception of one who
was ?»ruck by a rock, escaped without a
scratch.
STREET RAILWAYS OF
HAVANA CONSOLIDATED
Agreement Reached Whereby Litiga
tion That Had Lonp Been Waged
Is Ended.
NEW YORK Dec. 21.— A1l the Ftr^Pt
railway Interests in the city of Havana
were consolidated to-day at a meeting in
the office of the treasurer of the Havana
Electric Railway Company, thus endlnp
a contest bej?un more than a y*>ar apo.
In December. M, a (frnup of capitalists,
comprising the International Kank of
Paris. Hanson Brothers of Monm-al and
G. B. M. Harvey and F. S. P.-arsnn of this
city, known as the Harvey syndicate ac
quired all of the existlnc railway prop
erties. There was In existence "at the
time one other concession known as the
Torro Plaza concession, covering about
twelve miles of streets, the title to which
was claimed by th«» American Indies Com
rany, comprising Thomas F. Hyan P V
n. \\Wcn»r. K. A. r. Smith. Sir William
\an Horn.». William MrKenzle and oth
ers. The Harvey syndicate alsr. claimed
to own the tru*- title to this oonre«sion.
Litication was begun by the two parties
and has been continued through the year
without promi** of adjustment for s"ome
time to come. In view of this stat* of
affair* Mr. Harvey, on behalf of his com
pany. b»san negotiations to brlnp about
a s»ttlem.-nt. which was finally effected
by compete consolidation to-day.
I'nder the terms of the arrangement the
Havana Klectrlc Railway Company ac
quires all tho rights and shares of "stock
of the Havana Traction Company, to
which the American Indies Company's
claims have been asslfjned. and the own
ers. Havana Traction Company, become
part of the Havana Electric Railway
Company.
COURT WITNESSES
SUFFER HARDSHIPS
Thre* Hundred Farmers in Texas
Without Funds and in Danger
of Staivation.
PALESTINE. Ttx.. Dec. :i.-The wit
nesses, who are here in attendance on
trial of the alleged Humphreys lynchers.
are In a bad plight. The trial of Cain,
charged as an accomplice, will be con
ducted to-morrow night, but the cases
against the seven m»-n charged at princi
pals will not be taken up until next Wed
nesday, each of th»-m being given a sep
arate trial. Between S^i and +■■ farmer?
are here from Kaufman. Navarro and
Henderson counties without means of sub
sistence. It has been raining now for
three days and the nights are bitterly
cold- Some 300 of thf witnesses are in
camp and there is much sickness among
them, caused. by the exposure. They are
among strangers, in straitened circum
stances, rill*- about them are prepara
tions for the holidays, which adds to their
misery. The greatest hardship is on those
summoned as character witnesses, who
receive no pay whatever and are com
pelled to attend under heavy penalties.
Ex-Senator Bradbury Very 111.
AUGUSTA. Me.. Dec. 21.— Ex-United
States Senator James \V. Bradbury is
dangerously ill. lit Is in his ninety-eighth
year and Is not expected to recover.
THE FAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 22. 1899.
PIONEERS AND NATIVE SONS
IN A GORGEOUS PAGEANT
Stages of the State's Development Fittingly Illus
trated at the Semi-Centennial Celebration
in San Jose.
Mt. Hamilton Float, One of the Features of the Parade at San Jose
9 ♦*♦•♦.-♦.♦.♦.♦.;♦.♦ j
SAN JOSE. Dec 21.-Californias flf - I
tltrth birthday was celebrated in a
regal way here to-day by the old
pioneers and their sons and daugh
ters. :.nd this city, the birth
piace of State government, was erowdr
ed with thousands of visitors. People i
from all over the State came to I
pay homage to Miss California. There i
are men present who were here be- !
fore the discovery of cold, those who i
came to fight the Mexicans and others i
who cam-? with the rush for the precious ■
metal, and these all joined hands to-day i
to celebrate the ha!f-cer.tury mark In the '
great State's history. They were ably as- !
slsted by the Native Sons and Daughters,
to whose, shoulders must soon fall the re- \
sponsibility cf honoring State events. Alt \
these fortes met in a. grand reunion to
day.
The early morning trains from San
Francisco, Oakland and other parts of ■.
Central California brought thousands of \
visitors. The entire county also turned '
out. and when the great street pageant
started there were fully ten thousand vis- >
liors on the streets. With the exception j
of the rose carnival. It is the largest
crowd that ever gathered here.
A reign of cheer and hospitality pre
valla throughout the city and San Joseana ,
an- doing everything possible to make me :
visitors happy. Business has bevn virtu- !
ally suspendt-d and time given over to the
celebration. To cap these delightful con- i
dltions It was a sunny California winter '
day ai:d thero was no need of wraps.
fully one thousand pioneers are pres- j
ent at the festivities liiis is undoubtedly
the greatest gathering of them ever h«ld
and the like will never occur again. They j
were entertained at Sleeper Hall to-day .
by the Santa Clara County Pioneer Soci
ety. Four hundred bat down to an elab
orate banquet. A general reunion fol- i
lowed, at which the pioneers were com- I
ing and going all day. General Bldwell I
was a conspicuous itgure there.
A: Native Sons" Hall op*n house was '
also kept, and Native Sons and Daughters
did the receiving.
The ladies' reception committee at th«
Courthouse entertained lavishly. a
s-tring orchestra discoursed music during
the day and evening and there was a
merry crowd present most of the time.
A great many of the visitors are being ;
entertained at private homes. Different
societies are- also looking alter their fel
low members, and never before has the
Garden City so lavishly entertained. The
Nevada State band and Third Artillery- !
men are not being overlooked.
Among the piont-ers are many who have
not seen one another for years, and these
little meetings have added an additional
interest to the celebration. *
A steady stream poured In and out of <
the Capitol building to-day. The repre- !
wntation of the original State House Is !
an attractive feature. Inside a number ;
of curios are represented. J. \V. Ganong
exhibits what purports to be the key to i
the original Capitol, and Mrs. Emilia
Spring Houphton shows a melodeon that :
was brought across the plains in 1547. A
wood-en wheel of an old ox cart made for '
Domingo Aguilar In 7■« and a chair used
In the Aguflar family long before state- \
h»od was established are also Interesting '
curios. The s-»-«juoia gigantea planted yes
terday to commemorate the Golden Jubi
lee al«o attracted crowds, and many relic
banters hay* carried away twigs of the
trc^ a< souvenirs.
To-days festivities made the jubilee a
success, and th*> celebration will end to- '
morrow night with a grand ball at the I
Courthouse.
It has proved a harvest for fakers and '
sure-thing Ramblers. On nil }=ld*»s there i
ar«» eatch-pen:iy devices. Sure-thing cum- •
hlers secured locations r.n North First •
street, and this mornlnir their jrames nc- '
cupird ore siile of a street for ne.irlv a I
blork. until that section had the aDp<>ar- \
ance of a '45 mrning camp. They jieeo-d I
a number of the unwary before Actlns 1
ChW of Police Monroe cculd clear them i
away.
The event of the day was a grand ?tre*>t '
paride. It was nv«r a mile In lencth and 1
one of the b-?«t pageants ever seen here, i
It Is rf-rtain ti" more historic proces^i•)n :
ever threaded the streets of a California I
city. Ail Its p.Tts represented a com
ponent part of our prreat State. Th*« M*-x- !
Iran Veteran-* and Pioneers marked th*» j
r-arly period, the Native Sons th<» makinsr t
of the State and the school children th»
present. There wore fine floats, also sym- j
bolic of California life. To the old itc- i
INTRIGUES IN
BERLIN BREWING
Ministers Use the Press
to Reply.
■
BERLIN. Dec. 21.— Th* sharp attacks
made of late upon Imperial ami Prussian
Ministers soem to be bringing about a
change in political customs, as the Minis
ters* are replying through the newspapers
to their assailant?. Only a few days ago
Dr. yon Mlquel answered over his own
signature the charge that he was the
Prussion Minister responsible for the dis
missal of the landrath who had voted
against the canal bill. To-day's sensa
tion is Prince Hohenlohe's reply to his
critics through a semi-official article In
the Norde Deutsche Allegemeine :tun*r.
All this is Interpreted as showing that
very dark Intrigues are brewing behind
the scenes If such extraordinary steps are
necessary.
The Imperial Chancellor's article has
not satisfied the press in the main. The
Agrarian organs are especially dissatis
fied, declaring that the writer has not ren
dered a service to Prince Hohenlohe. The
Kreuz Zeltung commends the < aim tone of
the article, but declines to comment fur
ther. Even the Berliner Post refuses to
•»-^»~»-» ♦♦♦»♦♦■» »-♦ »♦♦♦♦♦ «
neer th» scene was reminiscent and to the r
young educating, as it portrayed what i
civilization and government will do.
The day's c.lebratlon was ushered in by !
a salute of twenty-one guns, fir- by Ba:- I
fry C. Third Artillery. People began to
flock in early, and when the parade start
ed the street* were lined with dense
crowds. The procession was formed on
North Third street. The line of mar.-h
included the principal streets and the pa
rade disbanded at the Capitol building.
A police squad headed the procession.
Then came Grand Marshal S. W. Boring,
with R. J. Langford. chief of staff. n»id
\V. G. Alexander, chief aid. and John W. '
Rylar.d. W. B. Hobson. D. R. Pen«W. H.
O. Zeiro. C. J. Lightston. Ed Younger, A. ;
C. Rosencranz. H. F. Spencer, C C. Reed j
and F. M. Qutvey.
The first division wad mar.*hal»d by |
Colonel A. K. \\ hitton. with C. C Derb. : . ■
Lieutenant Jesse Adel and T. J. Me- I
Gcogh«-«rar. a* aids. Following the Fifth j
I»egim»*nt band came two guns and thirty |
men of Battery C. Third United Stales
Artillery, under command of Lieutenant '
R. P. Brower. The members of Companies '
B an-! M. Eighth California Infantry, im
der commard of Captain 11. I*. Partr .
was next. Mayor Martin, with Adjutant
General Seamans and Colonel Beck, occu- i
pird a carriage. Miss Alma M. Cutter of
San Francisco, representing California,
followed In an open carriage, and was the I
recipient of great attention from the j
throng. In her wake came her maid" of
honor and a delegation from the Native !
Daughters. Her matds of honor were:
Oertrud- Mills. Natalia Haraszthy. Miss
Bailhache. B.lle ■■■?■■■ Miss English. •
Harriet Burnett.. Anita Emparan. Dorothy ;
Boweu. T^nie Gedge. Dulce Petterson. El- •
vira Abr^go. Ruby Howell. Grnce Bagloy.
Phoebe Wolf. Elsie Maxwell. Bessie Har
vey. Mabel Benjamin. Mlsa Hannicrnii.
Pearl I-add an;l Edna Montgomery. The ,
City Council. Board of Education. Police
Commission and other city ofllclals. Conn- ,
ty Supervisor* and members of the Jubl- !
lee committees filled about a dozen car- j
iin ires.
The second division was In chares of '
J. F. Plnkham. marshal, aided by Vor- '
gan Miles. W. L. Coombs and J. S. Scl- i
by. The Marine band headed the Society j
rf California Pioneer*. In carriages. Then '
came the Mexican veterans and the San- !
ta Clara County Pioneers. in all a couple j
cf hundred members of these three, soci- .
fties. An eld stage coach from Hacienda
and New Almaden was loaded down tvlrh
pioneer miners from the quicksilver fee- ■
; tlon. They were dressM In the garb of '
th» early pioneers and carried guns.
bowie knives and picks. Behind, a s»nl
.... plodded along with pick and
, gold pan. A long line of pioneers on foot '■
\ and In carriages preceded a float repre- !
| sentlng mining. It showed a cabin on i
: th« bank of a stream. On a fire beneath ;
1 a treo a pot was boiling.' while a typical
miner was using a roekor In washing out
gold. A cavalcade of horsemen followed. ■
W. G. Cooper was marshal <>f the third j
division. Hfa aids were E. W. Conant. !
j James F. Reed and H. W. McCotcaa, ;
'. The New York Social Union headed the !
list of States, represented oy charae'ers '
lon horseback. Miss Eleanor Caton. i
: dressed in blue and white, on a white !
! horse. ippresented the Empire Stitc. j
Phil Sheridan Post and other G. A. R. !
' societies were represented.
The marshal of the fourth division was i
: T. W. Hobscn, and Walter Mead. John ;
Trimble and L. V. Slavish wrre aids. The I
Nevada State band, with Senator Sh^rt- j
; ridge as leader, was ah**ad of the Uni- i
■ formed Odd Fallows. Observatory". Palo '
Alto and Sxn Jose parlors of Native Sons •
, followed and acted as escort to th«>lr !
; float. This represented the seal of Call- !
! fornia. In front of an Immense sunset of j
! red nd Who ribbons was Minerva, rep'e- |
! sented by Mrs. Irene XlcLeod. Four N'a- |
1 tive Sons acted as guard of honor nnd i
; among >»ome rorks knelt an old miner i
; with ■ large nugget he had just discov- j
' fT"<\ in his hand. Six members of the j
Slavonian Society • • -<> in line
; The fifth division was undoubtedly the. ■
i best. Major E. A. Sherman was the non
: orary marshal and It was in charge of
.Aids Louis Bruch. E. H. Baker and Joe !
; Ha^erraai Santa Clara College band !
! was in the lead. Then came a float rep- !
! resenting 'he old mission of Santa Clara !
] It was one of the best floats ever s<-eri ;
• here. The wigwam of the native Indian '
j was in the foreground and back of It was :
o representation of the old mission of !
| Santa Clara. A padre was seated in front
! of it wit ha number of native California
i boys. Behind was an old Mexican ox
i cart and white mule driven by a Mexican
About "i" hundred students of the col
', lege were in line.
I A caval-ade of boys represented the
be soothed concerning the repeal of the
prohibition against he union of political
•societies. The Liberals are vex*d because
the Chancellor has minimized his Liberal
ism In order to appease the Conservatives
All sl^ns Indicate a sharp fieht In the
Prussian Diet, which will assemble Jan
uary •«. against Prince Hohenlohe. whom
" - Conservative* are determined to oust.
Count ■ nih.il. a member r.f the Prus
sian House of «rd», write? to the Kreuz
/Muir.z indicatinj; the intention of the
Conservatives to ring up the question
of the constitutionality of disciplining
Government otiicials who voted arain«t
the eannl bill.
The Centrist organs charge the Con
wvat lyes with hypocrisy in attacking
Prince Hohenlohe. Inasmuch a* they know
that the disciplining— so th* Centrist or
cans a-sert-was Emperor William's per
sonal act.
The Agrarians are becoming more out
spoken than ever against the Government
in demandinK Inspection for agricultural
products. An Agrarian organ serves for
mal notice to-day upon the manufactur
ers in the following terms: "We shall not
l*t Industry march over our dead bodies
If the Aprarlan duties are not to be In
creased, then we shall demand free trade
in manufactured articles."
CLARK HOWELL AT ATLANTA.
Guest of Honor at the Dinner of the
Independent Club.
BUFFALO, NY.! tTI.-Clark How
ell of Atlanta, who. with several friends
from that city, arrived here last evening
a.- the truest of the Independent Club to
day visited the site of the exhibition 'and
Inspected the service building which has
just been completed and the other work
In procress. ■■
To-nlsht Mr. Unwell was the nuest of
honor at the monthly dinner of the Inde
pendent Club and delivered an address on'
"The Man With His Hat In His Hand "
*-♦— •♦•♦•♦•♦.♦. -♦-•■-♦-; -*-^
public schools of this city. They hcd a
float entitled '"Education." It contained
a repr*-st-ntation of Mount Hamilton and
Lick Observatory. Students representing
all periods of schooling, from primary to
the University, were s.a:ed about theba»e
of the mountain. Pupils of Lincoln.
Longfellow and Lowell schools wearing
bright yellow sashes marched behind it.
The student! had several drum corps in
line. The division end-d with a srore of
large Mh-j^l boys attired as miners.
After the parade the ex-members of
Company U and '•'• Eighth California In
fantry, wore escorted up in front of the
Courthouse by the Native Sons. Frank
Mattison, the president of the Native
Sons, made a happy speech, during wnich
medals were presented to the veteran* of
the Spani«h-Amerlcan war. Pretty Na
tive Daughters pinned the emblems on the
boys' coats.
An Immense crowd filled the Auditorium
this evening to witness the Jubilee enter
tainment. Judge Nile? Snarls, represent
ing the Pioneer.-, turned over the keys of
th*» State to Grand President rani Mat
tison ot the Native Sons. Five-minute
speech** were made by Dr. EH MeCltsh
and Adjutant General Seamanß. Th-?r-->
was a high-class musical and literary
programme. Tableaux were given, show
ing dance hall scenes In the "Luck of
Roaring Camp." and others characterls
tltc of pioneer days. A Spanish fandango
was danced by Miss Daisy Fox and A.
Bendeleben. The closing scene was a
revel of flowers represented by young
girls.
The festivities will come to a close to
morrow. In the afternoon there will be
rough riding by cowboys ami early Cali
fornia games and sports at Agricultural
Park. A grand ball will be given in the
evening at the headquarters in ... Court
house. The general Jubilee, committee
was congratulated f>n all sides to-night
for the success scorrd In to-day's enter
tatlnment. Mayor Martin Is chairman of
the committee and A. P. Murgotten sec
retary.
blue serge
suits JplU* '^^Wk&y^'^ 1
UI L V4J i\J • - /^^H«v jd I
These suits are double-breasted blue v< .J! ' : \jA I
serges, well made by ourselves; they |«KL_"~ ~^*^^ i
are carefully cut, neatly and stylishly l^^^EjL , ™nJrA
made and the assortment is varied I^^SffllH^""*^^! ■
enough to warrant a fit for about K^Si . ''-^118^3
every one. ""Tjp^
The bare description of the suits §f^S| *&^ ;
must impress you with their quiet, &£^Bi V
simple elegance.
The suits must be all you can ;"■ HBi V 8
reasonably expect and must please *-'^^« <ifi l^lf^l
you entirely — else we want them {8&£ r *~Q
returned. i
Christmas Clothes for Boys, fig /i " ; «
We have suits for boys that will V 4^^g :
please them at prices that will please b9Hw m
the parents. Stock includes about v tJ^^^JiL j : "-;''
every style in suits and overcoats. iS^^^^/K^/ 1 *
From how until Christmas we give free with every suit F3^3^*s?&: f\p?i
or overcoat in our Children's Department any of these toys: a^^feMß^^S??^^^Sr§«i^^l
/>a// and bat, wagon, tool chest, popgun or humming top. v t l^^'^^K>*^"'
All children visiting this department accompanied by par- m&a&2L2*Sl^~!aM^^EO£ESl
■ .-„ *
cuts zvill receive a box of candy free.
Out-of-town orders filled; write us for illustrated catalogue So. 2.
S.N.Wood&GQ.
TlB 7V\ark.et Street.
HOUSEBREAKER KILLED
BY A PLUCKY WOMAN
Miss Lizzie Morse Shot an Ex-Soldier.
He Had Felled Her With a Cro
quet Mallet.
NATICK Mass.', D^c. 21.~Lewta Perry. \
aged 33. a Sparf«h war veteran, wa^ s-hut '
and killed to-day by Mi?* ■?..'■ Mors^ ttt
her home In West Natlck. Four s<hoi>
were red. two of them taking effect] one
In the h*>art. Mln Mur^ who »an placed I
under arrest, says that th»* circumstances
justified her in >hootlng P-rry. The
Mors«e family |y nt\e of the wealthiest ami
best known in town.
Mlaa Morse uml the mrml^rs of h^r
family, claim that IVrry and mold Stap
pen. on bicycles, rode up to the Murs*
house. demanded admittance without
stating their business, and upon btin^ re
fused smashed several windows. MUa ,
REBEL FORCES
MEET DEFEAT
Leader of Venezuela's
Malcont:nts Flees.
♦
Special Tab!* to Tl» Tall an.l «h^ N»w York
H»rul<l Cvtpyright. ISV*. b> Jam.-» •:■:::.
IJennett.
PANAMA. Colombia. Dec. a.— The H-r
aids correspondent at Colon report.* that
official advices have been r>-ieiveo. fr«m
Venezuela that the Government troops in
that republic completely defeated ih*>
rebel forje-> under (Jer.erMl Hernandez «>n
December 14. General H«-ri..«.id«.z Bed. It I*
believed that many prtsone'J weiv taken
and that a larse Quantity of ammunition
was seized. The port of Maracalbo has
be«-n oflUlally df-i lured open to conim"ne>
and th« revolution Is consid
ered at .in end. It is expected that <J»;n
eral Heirnujdei wJU b»- captured soon.
Ft»Hl' ■' SPAIN
;
■ ■
-
-
■
■
Val*»r
Uovfr:
REVOLUTION ENDED.
Insurgents of Guatemala Defeated
and Fighting; Closes.
WABHINOTI >N D<
an enrl according I
■•nvr.t from M
■
■
Colonel Boardman Dead.
FOND Dl" LAC \Vl*.. Dec. 21.— Colonel
Napoleon Boardman died at hi« residence
this afternoon. He was 75 years old and
a resident of this ritv since IK>2. !!•• is
'survived by a son. Adjutant General i°. R.
Boardman of O.»hko«»h. and a daughter,
Mr? Georse Van-: of Seattle. Wash.
Uorse went to the bureau drawer and
luMiied a 3;-cailbrr revolver. 3he clatm»
th.it th»- mm »>nt around to the front of
the house, where iVrry finished -r-. i ■•;.::*
:h" gla«.>* In orif «>f thf window? and
climbed la In ««pit»- 6t h»r remon.-trance*.
Af!»-r isjininjr an »-n:ranr»- he grabbed
MS-s Kleetra .M<.r>»- and wrenched from
her v ir«).;u»-t mall-t with which »he trle<i
t<» .I-;-!.. i h^r>flf. Uxxlr rushed tr> her
and Infurmtd Perry
that she WbQld »hoot him If he did not
leav. th« 1;....?!, lit- ga\> h» r a terrific
blew with th«- rn..l!^t and f^llrd her to th»«
tiuor. Sli»- managed to grt up. and told
F»-rry to ft I out "if th»- hou.«e. when h«
dar»-d her to i«ho«jt. She th»-n fired four
shots at Perry, who managed to climb
through th»- wirsduw and then fell dead.
GENERAL WOOD
NOW IN CHARGE
Takes Off cc sCovernor
General of Cuba.
■•
i
■
- • ha«t
■
■
<
■
ATTORNEY MURDERS
OPPOSING COUNSEL
■
-
-
-
34
DR. EDWARD H. WILLIAMS
SUDDENLY PASSES AWAY
Deceased Was Connected With the Bald
win Locomotive Works and
Pennsylvania Railroad.
SANTA BARBARA, Dec. 21.— Dr. Edward 11. Williams died in his room at the
Arlington Hotel this morning. Dr. Bates ar.d his nurse were with him
when death rame. Dr. William!! awoke about 2 o'clock this morning with a
pressing sensation about tho heart aj:d called his nuree. He sank rapidly
until death.
Dr. Williams was the vice president of the Baldwin Locomotive Works of
Philadelphia. having l»e<n its president for many yeare. but resigned several
montht ;iK" «n necount of UuYiv.r, health. He was also general manager if the
Benaajrlratda Itnllroud for many years. He leave* a very valuable estate. He
La* made Santa Barbara Ms winter home for several years, and only arrived
Irom the Mast about three week* ago. He had expected that hiß career was
about to close. He requested that his body be pat In a vault in the Montecito
Cemetery, near this place, and in the sprit.g moved to Philadelphia, where his
wife Is buried.
Dr. Winiams wes very charitable during his life and has founded many public
libraries throughout the East, the greatest of which is the one given to Burling
ton. Vt.. where he formerly resided.
He leaves a son and daughter. Professor Edward F. Williams of Lehlgh Uni
\ertlty and Mrs. William F. Dreer. who now resides lp this city. He was 73
yesre of age. having been born In Woodstock. V;.. in !*:'4 Dr. Williams wa« a
tchotilmate of Admiral George Dewvy. aud while practicing medicine In Vermont
was tho Dewey family physician. Early in the season it wab expected that
Dtncy ..... 1 the winter here as Dr. Williams* guest
HOLIDAY WEDDING
AT NEW MONTEREY
Mitt Vivia Swetnam and Adam H.
Mowat cf Fresno United in
Marriage.
■
l'ur
■ ' ; U aiid
1
The wt-J'lir.jf whh quiet, only relatives
and lnlima.tr frlt-nds bclnp present, but
uaK Hoesitit in every detail. At the up-
Vi>lntod hour the bridal party ont«?r«il the
<Jruwltiß room t>» tht» strains of the "Ivj
licr.Krlii' w<JJliit march, played t>y Mrs.
It. H. Wllloy of l'HciMr Gruve. The
l>nJ« Rtuoni ati<i liln lx..«t man. Mr. Parma-
Jet-, c-ntf-rM by orn* d<K>r. v\hil«» through
;■:. <'jipnnlti» door came tho l»rld»- ami her
maid of honor. Ilin loaephtae Swctnnm.
jir«(fdoj by th«« lirtd«»> parent i>. Taking
itx-ir pla>r**« Jx-nt-ath Karland* of t-'milax
and flow«-ri» tho two vi»-r'» rniidc <m« by
lli-v. I>r. W. «*. <"!ray. pastor of the M« th
r.di^t Epii'oopal ciiurch "f I'aclrtc Grove.
Th<' brlii' 1 wore a irav<*Unß Rown of jrray
«-l<>th. tallor-ma<!o. and ca.rri»-d a l>ounuft
of narrissus and mnldcnhaJr ft-rn. The.
maid of honor wotv llt;ht hjuc and car
ried violet.". An elaborate woddlnir br»ak
f.«st was prrved. after which th«* bridal
l>arty and many of the rih.-^s startc-d for
Give
Good
Gifts
When you give a Christmas gift, give a
good gift — something of value and usefulness.
Something your friends always desire hut feel
they cannot afford.
For instance:
Mexican Hand-carved Novelties
Leather Goods Many different forms of
Mexican hand-carved Christmas novelties, orna-
leather goods in all varieties, ment ? tor the mantle, dresser
shapes, styles and sizes, and the center table.
shipped to us direct from Bisc rose— beautiful imitation of
11 11 j natural roses in colors ornaments
the maker, we are enabled , -  1
* for the dresser, containing per-
to sell at the lowest possible ; jrnerv holder, 52 down to 50c
P ncc * Vienna lace figures, 50c to $ 1.2
Women's combination pocket /^ 11 1 • 1 •->
books, coin and card cases $1 Celluloid Cases
Chatelaine bags with hook Collar and cuff boxes, high as
to hang to belt 2.50 £; ] \v as $1
Gnch buckle belts, $1 Combination toilet case and mani-
cure set ; all the necessary '■
Letter cases, $2.25 fiuings $3
Cigar cases, $2 Fancy satin trimmed toilet
case, comb, brush and mirror v *
1 erf 111 Cry Similar cascs,better equipped
In selecting a present for and more ***** finished 50
1 lady, perfumery is always c cllulold " s "' fa " cy J , box " for
.' • . ,- . -• gloves, neckacs, handker-
appropriate— providing it is chicfs> three diffcrcm styles 25c
good pcrtumery. Our per- Celluloid hoxes for collars and
turner)' case IS filled with cuffs, many sizes and beautiful
every grade and quality of designs • $1
the finest imported and Shaving set in celluloid. Fancy
domestic perfumes. ewe, containing razor, brush
__ _ mug and pair of scissors $2
Rcynal's perfumes; all odors 75c
Reynal's\-iolet water— true, last- Leather Goods
ing odor of natural violets ; Men's traveling cases; soft leather,
•ma size CnJC about 7 inches square; contains
Roger &G»l!ei'« perfumes; military brush, comb and
all odors; $1.25 down to -75C mirror *$
,  . c c . Cigar cases; hold from 6to 8
Lundborg s perfumes of various .  I . , en.
• 1 I ■ c - cigars; high as $5, low as o\JC
odors; packed in fancy ooxes; sets 6 . 6 p>
of one, two or three bottles. Put Genuine alligator pocket
up especially fcr gifrs; small- book and card caBC :>UC
est sire 25c Genuine alligator leather card case
D .  /• . . . and coin purse combined,
Pjnaud s perfumes in all , 1 - • . j <C^
, * r j 7c,, elegantly nnished ■ $O
odors; $1.10 down to /OC _ & / «^~
. ' Women's card case and pocket
Lesley domestic perfumes; bookf plain black Icathcr>
all odors; ',-oun^ size mcul corners 25c
Lcsley'i toilet water in two sizes, Imitation alligator pocket
4 and 8 ounce, 40c and 7 5 cents. books and card case* 75c
Free delivery to railroad points within
100 miles on orders of $5.00 or up
tThe Owl Drug Co 111
11 2S Market St., San Francisco tiijfßJ^
Broadway & 10th St. Oakland Jtjßßjh
the Swetnam ranch, eighteen miles south
of Monterey. Mr. and -Mr:- Mowat will
remain at the ranch until after Now
Yiur'f, when they will go to Ban Fran
cisco and thence for an extended journey
through England and Scotland and to
point* on the continent of Europe, return
ing to California in the eprlng of the com*
Ins year.
Mr. Mowat is a prominent member of
the Fresno llaisln Packer?" Association,
and is extensively Interested in raisin
growing In the San Joaquin Valley.
Though born In Hand, he has lived in
America much of his life, and for the past
few years hu.s been a resident of Fresno.
The bride, who is the second daughter or
Mr. and Mrs. Swetnam. is highly cul
tured and accomplished, and a great fa
vorite In social circles in both San Fran
cisco and Fresno, where she has spent
much time during the past two years. Mr.
and Mrs. Mowat will ui>"n their return
from abroad make their home In Fresno.
Dies in a Saloon.
J. T. T^cary, residing at Castro and
Twenty-third streets, died suddenly in
Leland's ?alor>n. Grant avenue and Betry
street, at 2 o'clock this morning. He had
been drinking and sat down in a chair,
where he tell asleep. A few minutes inter
he was -load, presumably from heart fail
ure. The body was removed to fie
Morgue.
Faxnous Musician Dead.
PARIS. I'•1 '• -i Jean Vamoraasac, the
rated musical director, iii.«l to-day
0 <iit\ ■' :;:::■ bo. He Inti
■h an-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, DECEMBER 22. 1899.
GRATITUDE HOSTAGE
FOR LAWTON'S HOME
Payment Made Certain by the
Quick Response for Funds.
Arrangements Made to Accord All Military
Honors to the Late Hero
General.
Special Dispatch to The OalL
_. was notified yesterday by General Corbin that I had been
1 placed on a committee to raise funds for Mrs. Lawton. I propose
I to put the matter personally to my friends and to the people of
*this coast through the public press, feeling confident of their
hearty co-operation in this deserving charity. A bank in San Fran
. Cisco will be asked to become custodian of the funds. I anticipate
from the patriotic and generous people of this coast the liberal re
response they always make when appealed to in a worthy cause.
| WILLIAM R. BH AFTER.
> Bakersfleld, December 21. 1809.
From the War Department comes the news that a fund will be
[ raided to pay of? the mortgage on the farm in Sao Bernardino County,
where General Lawton hoped to end his days. Already appointments
have been made to form a committee to collect the necessary amount,
t and General Shafter, commanding this department of the army, has been
- made the committeeman from this coast.
The farm is a little oranpe prove of twelve acres lying at the foot of
> Mount San Bernardino, purchased in the name of Mrs. Lawton in 1804.
'' The price was $8500, which is the amount of the mortgage, but since
its purchase it has been improved and cultivated, until now it is worth
> $17,000 The improvements have been paid for. however, hut the purchase
price still remains as a lien upon the property, and it is this that a grate
ful people wishes to remove. It is not intended that the mortgage shall
> be paid v a matter of charity. No one would have resented such an
attitude quicker than Lawton himself, but it is fitting that the home
• the gallant soldier loved m> well should be secured to his widow when
> h<- has K°ne. There is little else the people can do, for the Government
will pension Mr<. Lawton, so she can occupy a position in keeping with
j the fame of her gallant husband, and nothing remains but sympathy and
> condolences and just such a delicate attention as is implied iii the paying
oil of the mortgage on the hero's home and complete for him one of
> the aims of his life— a peaceful sp^t tor his wife and himself to end their
> days. That he cannot now look out for it himself makes it possible for
• the people to <io it for him. for his death in the sen-ice of the flag
> leaves the fortunes of his family m the hands of the people as his own
> memory 1- in 'heir hearts.
There i« everything in the way it is done, however. There is a dif
ference between honoring a hero"? memory and ostentatiously parading
■ tact; between aiding the expression of a people's gratitude and let
• t in^ (very one know just who is doing it; between honest assistance
' and self advertisement It must be a spontaneous gift — one that comes
[ from t! well as the hand and takrs its greatest value not from
■ the gift itsdi but from the meaning of it
The only reward for heroism such as the gallant Lawton showed
, lies in the gratitude of thr nation and the sense of a duty well done. Fear
•ras fon irton's life. He braved death a hundred times, not
alone in the island wars, but among the Indians, and when thi> was over
he had promised himself a re«.t. He did want to go to South Africa, for
wherever there w.i- a tight there Lawton wished to be. but. yielding to
«pf his wife, he promised that the present war would end it.
and then he would go back to the little farm they had bought and'
he would spend the remainder of h\< days in peace. In carrying out the
lier's plan for his (amity the people can show no truer proof of their
appreciation of the noble sacrifice of his life.
SALUTES AT ALL POSTS
AND MOURNING ORDERED
WASHINGTON*. Dec 21.— The following
general order announcing to the army
the death of General I.:iwt<>n was Issued
from the War Department to-day:
WAR DEPARTMENT.
Washington, 1' C. Dec 21. 1899.
With deep regret the Secretary of War an
nounces the death on the 11-id of battle of
Henry W. Lawton, major general of volunteers
; and colonel and Inspector general of the regu
lar army.
On April 16. ISSI. three days after President
Lincoln's first call for volunteers In the war
for the Union, at the ap«- of 18 he enlisted as a
private In the Ninth Indiana Volunteers. He
served with his regiment In the field In the
Army '• the Tennessee throughout the war.
and at its dose wan mustered out at the age
of 22, a» lieutenant ool< nel. after being brevet
ted colonel, fur gallani md meritorious service,
and awarded a medal o.' honor for distinguished
gallantry, He was commissioned second lieuten
ant In the regular army July 25. 1566. and served
in the infantry until US), then In the cavalry
until ISS\ and thereafter ns Inspector general
at the commencement of the war with Spain.
! He was repeatedly commended In general or
ders "lor vigilance and zeal, rapidity and per
sistence of pursuit. " "for great skill, persever
ance-and gallantry." In service on the frontier
against hostile Indians.
Upon the declaration of the -war with Spain
he was made ». readier general, and on July 8
tollowlrg. major general of volunteer*. His
nomination for brigadier general of the regular
army was determined upon, and wan ready to
bt sent to the Semite upon the day of his
death. He commanded the Second Division of
the Fifth Army Corps In the Cuban campaign,
rendering dlrtlngulnhed service in the battles
N:ft>re Santiago, and subsequently commanded
the Department of Santiago and the Fourth
Army Corns. On \Mnrch 18, 189&, he assumed
) command of the First Division of the Eighth
Army Corps in the Philippine Islands, and re
i mained in command of this division in practi
, cally continuous and movt eventful service In
the Held until he fell, en December IS. 1599,
pierced by an Insurgent bullet while leading
his traopa near San Mateo on the Island of
Luion. The swift and resistless movement of
his column up the nio Qrande and across the
northern boundary of the plain of Central Lu
zon, which had Just been completed, was the
chief factor In the destruction of the Insurgent
power, and was the crowning achievement of
his arduous life. He fell in the fullness of his
powers, in the joy of conflict. In the conscious
ness of assured victory. He leaves to his com
rades and his country the memory and the ex
ample of dauntless courage, of unsparing devo
tion to duty, of manly character and of high
qualities of command, which Inspired his troops
with his own Indomitable spirit.
The flag will be placed at half-staff and thir
teen minute guns will be fired at every military
post and nation on the day after the receipt
of this order, and the usual badges of mournlnr
will be worn for thirty days.
EUHU ROOT.
 , x Secretary of War.
By command of Major General Mllon.
H. a COKBIN.
Adjutant General.
PROMPT RESPONSE TO
THE APPEAL FOR FUNDS
WASHINGTON, Dec 21.- Adjutant Gen
eral Corbfn. the head of th.- committee
charged with the collection of funds for
th.' benefit of the family of the late Gen
eral Lawton, Is in receipt of expressions
of sympathy and of willingness to co
operate from all quarters of the country.
Some of these are accompanied by con
tributions of money, and altogether there
is promise of ■ generous response to the
committee's appeal, issued yesterday
General Charles King telegraphed from
Milwaukee that the committee might
count on a proper response from that ciiy
to the appeal.
The brokerage firm of Worden & Co. of
New York has voluntarily undertaken to
collect funds on the Stock Exchange. The
committee alms to collect at least $25 OX)
. The first contribution In Washington
came from a clerk In the War Depart
ment, who contributed J2 from hl« salary
to start the list of contributors.
General Corbln received a telegram
from General General R. A. Algrer sayint
"l send $100 for the Lawton fund."
Major. General Shafter at San Francis
co telegraphed that he will do every
in his power to help Mrs. Lawton. '
A telegram was received from C. H.
Hamilton of Milwaukee Faying that th*
citizens of that city authorized him to of
fer $10p0 as a nucleus of a fund for the
widow and family of General Lawton.
General Corbln received a telegram
from a gentleman in Pennsylvania, who
does not wish his name made public, con
tributing $1000 to the Lawton fund.
Other contributions received this morn
iug are a* follows: Secretary John Hay,
MO; Assistant Secretary 11. C Taylor
gOO; Mrs. Artllson Porter. »100; Mc<-loskey
Hrutt of New York. $l"0
The RigKs National Hank of this city
hai< been designated as the depository of
the Lawton fund.
Lieutenant Colonel Clarence Edward?
who was temporarily acting as General
Lawton's chief of staff, has fleen instruct
ed by the Secretary of War to superintend
the transportation of General Lawton-s
remains and accompany them to this
PLANS FOR FUNERAL
OF GENERAL LAWTON
MANILA. Dor 21 —General Uwtnn'n
body will be removed from his late resi
dence to the cemetery to-morrow, in a.-
cordance with Mrs. Lawton'a wish then
will be no ceremony, only a prayer. The
late general's staff :md Lieutenant BteW
art's troop of the Fourth Cavalry, whlefa
accompanied General Lawton through the
campaign, will compose the escort. The
actual ceremony will take place In about
ten days, when the transport sails, under
the direction of General Sen wan and with
military honors. The civil organizations.
Including the Supreme Court, will partici
pate, and Senor Calderon will lead th.
Filipinos who were ■mwlatod with Gen
eral Lawton in the organization of the
municipalities. Senor CalderOO said It
was "the saddest day to the Filipino na
tion to see lost not only tho foremost ad*
voeate of peace, but their best friend."
Mrs. Lawton bears her grief bravely
President ftfcKlnlejr's and Secr.tnr>
Roots message to Major General Otis
have been posted at the Palace, where the
flags are half-masted.
Interest In the in. .lh :il mission in for
eign lanes Is c.iiistantly Increasing. Na
tives in the n..rth of Africa come lonw
distances for treatment, and wild Bedouin
characters, eacourajred by the Sultan and
living In lawless Independence, who treat
ed their own women as cattle, are sluku
larly amenable to the woman mission
fi r 1 c*fi ■
The directors of th * Great Northern, of
Kngland have Issued ■ circular letter to
!h 'V' "? "X^ '**'"11"8" 11 " 8 that In future
the standard he| ht for porters in th.<
passenger department shall be 5 feet 6
inches, and In th goods department 5 feet
4 inches. This is a considerable reduc
tion, forced by a scarcity of taller men..
A woman named An " Wilmington was
it' he ?.~ Ju V y ;V at N «rthwltch She died
at the *,f", f " of 44 years, and had been the
mother of twenty-live children, of whom
it was stated that three are living. ag<3
20 IS and is *£***' so that twenty-two of
this number have died. She was married
at 21 years and had twins throe times
SEE
and critically examine
OUR
"•'w stock of attractive styles In
PIANOS
and more* attractive prices ; from the
incomparable K.INMOL- to the low-
priced Boudoir.
EVERYTHING NEW,
no old stock to work off on you.
Lowest prices for Standard Pianos
KOHLER & CHASE, 0 Si 3 s°,
OPEN EVENINGS.
SWORE VENGEANCE WOULD
BE METED TO SLAYER
Bad Man From Texas Killed in a Duel
With Six-Shooters After a Debauch
in Wuoming.
OMAHA, Nefar., Dor. 21.— A special to the B. c from GilltHt. Wjr©., v^- A
Berc« dud with tlx-ibooten t.M.k place ban lnst night with bitaJ results
The participants w.-re .It ss I), an of Amarillo. Tex., and lUnry .Sp"-lm ftri
of this place. Dean playfd the role of a l/.id man an.l start. -1 the trou
ble in a rpstaurant Just after rapper. Both men pulled their r- volvers
and emptied them at each other. Dean receiving wounds that catMtd hid
death a few hour later. He died swearing vengeance on his slayer. Whisky wud
the cause of the trouble. No arrest wan made.
NO TROUBLE IN
SAMOAN ISLES
Sensational Reports Not
Corroborated.
•
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 21 — The following
statement Is 'made by the German otQ
cJala here:
A press telegram of the Uth Inst. from Apia,
via Auckland, reports that the German Consul
In Apia had solemnly proclaimed the pending
annexation of Upolu and Sav&lt by Germany
to a number of Hamoan officials on board the
German man-of-war, and that on the same da)'
of the announcement he hoisted the German
flag on the Supreme Court building.
This does not cover the reports received
In LSerlin from the German Consul In
Apia. and. according to the Instructions which
he has received from Berlin, It seems absolutely
untrue.
The German Consul likewise wired on. the
13th ln«t., but he pimply states that certain
Tunu chiefs have refused to pay the head tax
Imposed by the three Consuls; hence they had
been ordered to leave the districts by the thir
teen chiefs. The three Consuls have Instructed
the thirteen chiefs to send the aggressors to
Apia for trial. This has been agreed upon.
The State Department has had no mos
sage from our Consul at Apia to confirm
the reports of fresh trouble In Samoa and
this fact is regarded as sutllclent to show !
that any slight disturbance that may have
occurred has been much exaggerated in
the report.
The officials are confident that whatever
trouble may occur will not be charg<*abl*
to the German officials, as the German
Government Is aulte as anxious as our
own that the pending treaty providing
for a permanent settlement of the whole
Samoan question shall not be endangered
at this critical stage.
BANKERS PREDICT
BIG GOLD SHIPMENTS
Certain Firms Assert That the Con
ditions Indicate That $5,000,000
Will Be Taken.
NEW YORK. Dec. 21.— Sterling bankers
predicted to-day numerous gold engage
ments for Saturday, but* all said It was
Impossible to estimate with accuracy how
much the shipments would amount to.
One firm report 1 that It might ship from
$500,000 to $1,000,000, as to-morrow's require
ments suggested, and In other quarters
it was believed that at least $0,0u0,000 alto
gether would go out. At present rates the
margin of profit on gold exports would
be small, it was paid, but the demand for
the metal abroad was sufficient to make
"special transactions" profitable at this
time. It was said to-day that Heidelberg,
Elchelhelmer & Co. and Mull.r. Schall A
Co. might each ship $500,000.
A well-known marine underwriter said
Insurance would be obtainable to-morrow
for as much gold as local bankers cared
to send by the Etruria. Although $5,000.
000 might be a large sum to risk on any
one steamer, twice that liability would
probably be assumed by Insurance com
panies if banking Interests demanded It.
GOLD MINE FOUND NEAR
CITY OF SAN DIEGO
Assays at aDepth of Forty-Nine Feet
Show Gold Quartz Running
$247 to the Ton.
JAmeSTOWN, N. D.. Dec. 21.— Mayor
T. Butler, laf .ashler of the EdgW y
Hank, has struck v gold mine near San
CaL, whlcb has created great ex
dtemeni as t"-lng a wonder in Its way.
sat a depth of forty-nine feet show
gold quartz running $247 to the ton. It
is n<nr the great Dewey mln<\ which wa.s
tly capitalized at f1.000.000. An offer
of JL 1 ") :»»< his been made tor the claim
by Illinois parties, am-ni^ whom Uutler
once resided.
CUBTER, P I»-. Dec. 21.— The Vipllante
Mining Company has struck a vein of
copper ore in Its mine that exceeds any
thinsr In value that has over been found
In the Hlnck Hills. The mine is about
five miles from Custer. The rich ore ts
found in the .inn-foot level. The width
of the vein at this time Is ten feet. Su
perintendent Hush has gone to New York
with samples.
LOSE THEIR LIVES
IN FACTORY FIRE
Plant of the Lanyon Zinc Company
at lola, Kansas, Is Almost Com
pletely Destroyed.
IOLA. Kans., Dec. 21.— At Le Harp, fivrt
miles east of lola, to-day, fire destroyed
two-thirds of the Lanyon Zinc Company's
plant, causing a loss estimated at $50,000.
fully insured.
Two workmen, Jcsso Matthews and J.
.1. Schaub. both married, were Crusl
death by a falling sm<>k. Mnck. The town
In almost entirely without water supply.
The plant, which Is one of the most * in
tensive of its kind in the world, will b«j
rebuilt at once.
On the authority of the greatest manu
facturer of dental supplies in the country
then *re OV< r IOjOM ounces of pure gold
worked up annually for dentists" use for
mrttrrlal In HlllnK teeth, in plates and
■olden, the value of this gold approxi
mating $1.0u0.000.
It is his wllllnKness to pay a Kond rental
that jrives his H:itnnlcnl majesty the
choice of apartments in some mfinst.ms.
CHRISTMAS WEEK
AT WHITE HOUSE
Congressmen Call on the
President.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 21.— Many Sena
tors and Representatives called upon the
President to-day to pay their respects and
extend their Christmas greetings before
leaving for their homes to spend the holi
day season. Among them was Represen
tative Richardson of Tennessee, the Dem
ocratic leader of the House, who was ac
companied by Representative McClellan
of New York and Representative Stalling**
of Alabama. The President Is very cor
dial in responses to these evidences of
goodwill. Ho appears to be enjoying ex
ceptionally good health. No extensive
preparations are being made for the
Christmas celebration at the Executive
Mansion this year, owing to the State of
Mrs. McKinley's health, and the day prob
ably will be a very quiet one.
Miss Grace McKinley and Miss Sarah
Duncan, nieces of the President, will be
guests at the Whit.- House during the
holidays. Abner McKinley and his wife
also will be here. Tim White House stew
ard long ago ceased to glvo himself any
concern about the Christmas turkey. For
man? years the fattest. Juiciest bird in
Rhode Island has arrived with th*> com
pliments of the season. Many boxes havn
already reached the White House con
taining gifts for the President and Mr*
McKinley and a considerable number of
presents are already on their way to their
destination from th«« White House.
Most of Mrs. McKinley's gifts are ex
quisite products of her own handiwork.
I^ast year Mrs. sfcKtnlejr went to New
York before the holidays and purchased
many little things for th* servants and
White House attaches, but this year her
illness prevented her from making the
trip. It Is the custom to remember every
married employe of the White House with
a big. fat turkey and every unmarried
attache with a suitable present.
STORIES OF THE DUKE OF YORK
A Brace of Them Picked Up in Lon-
don Last Summer.
"I heard some rather good stories about
the present Duke of York when I was In
I/Ondon this summer." paid 11. R. West
cott of Plttsburg to a New York Tribune
reporter. "At family luncheon at Windsor
one day Prince George of Wales, then a
small boy, misbehaved, and his grand
mother put him under the table In punish
ment. No complaint was made by the
youthful offender, and after a certain time
had elapsed the Queen asked: 'Will you
be a good boy now, Georgle?' 'Not yet.
grandma,' came the reply. After th« lapse
of another period of time the same query
and reply were asaln made, but at the
third Inquiry the response came: 'Yes. 11l
be a good boy now. grandma.' and per
mission to come from under the table be
ing accorded him, out marched England's
future King; but. sad to relate, as naked
as the day he was born, he having
stripped himself during his enforced se
clusion beneath the family board.
"At another time, when they were
grown older, Prince George and the late
Duke of Clarence, who was familiarly
known as "Collars and Cuffs,' were In the
navy and at some Brazilian port. There
they met some English people, and Prince
George was somewhat pronounced In his
attentions to one of the young women
This the Duke of Clarence thought was
not as it should be. and that the difference
in position made such attentions on the
part of Prince George wrong. lie accord
ingly remonstrated with his younger
brother, who stood it passively for a time
but finally turned to him with. 'Oh. you
go whistle "God Save Your Grand
mother' and leave me to attend to my
own affairs." " . .*
Ho woman can look Intelligent ami talk
to I laly simultaneously.
Ninety Cents.
Presumably our 90-cent hats are too low priced
to be suitable for Christmas presents.
Maybe they are what you want when buying for
yourself, especially if your allowance is rather dimin-
ished after Christmas buying.
But likely they would make good presents after
all, if you wish to give something worth $1 $0, for
that is the value of the hats.
Derbys, Fedoras and Violets in all the popular
sh&pes and colors.
Out-of-town orders filled; write us for illustrated catalogue Mo. 2.
718 Market Street.
MAINE VICTIMS
ABE DISINTERRED
Three Bodies May Be
Missing.
DISCREPANCY IN THE LIST
LESS RECOVERED THAN THE
NUMBER IN THE ROSTER.
Chaplain Chidwick Believes That
Merely a Clerical Error Wai
Committed and No Bodies
Lost.
Special Dl-patcr: •
HAVANA. Doc. 21.— The removal of the
dead of the Maine was not accompanic 1
by any ceremonies over the bodies ns,
newly coffined, they were placed in l!.»
mortuary chapel of the cemetery until r. ;
was completed. At 10 o'clock last night
ten wagons formed ■ procession carrying
151 coffins to the Machlna wharf, passing
through unfrequented streets. The bodies
reached th© wharf at 11:20 under a stronc
guard from the battleship Texas. were
placed aboard two steam lighters before
daylight and wen taken to the warship
at 6 a. in., which left here at 10 a. to.
All the remains were thoroughly disin
fected.
A difference was found between the
number Of coffins interred on Chaplain
Chldwick'B list, which was 154, and the
actual number of cofllns exhumed. Search
was made through all twenty-two grav.vj
In which the coAns were buried, but the
missing three coffins were not found.
Father Chid wick said the difference coul.l
be explained by a clerical error at the
time of interring, as he was very busy at
the wharf giving instructions and Identi
fying the bodies, and could not superin
tend every detail. It was also quit- pos
sible that after ordering portions of two
different bodies to be placed In different
cofllns they had carelessly been ; 'it In
one coffin. It was also Impossible for
Father Chldwlck to superintend the actu.il
placing of all the coffin* in th.- graves,
owing to the haste necessitated by the de
composition of the bodies. He adds that
the list gives two bodies as unaccounted
for. The superintendent of the cemetery,
who burled the bodies, says that owing to
all the remains not being burled the sam«
day It is quite possible that a mistake
was made in the counting. He was cer
tain no bodies were lost. Captain Orten
also says he docs not believe any bodies
went astray.
Persons who were desirous of photo
graphing the proceedings at the cemetery
were not allowed to do so. The work w*s
conducted quietly and decorously under
the direction of Father Id wick. The old
coffins were carried away and burned.
BANK. OFFICIALS ARE
SENT TO PRISON
Prepared and Bent to the Govern-
ment of Canada False Financial
Statements.
MONTREAL,. Dec. 21.— Ferdinand Lem
ieux, local mnafT'T of the defunct Villa
Marie Bank, Ml to-day found guilty of
preparing and sending to the Government
false statements a* to the bank's condi
tion, and was sentenced to three years In
the penitentiary. The president of the
bank Is In lall. and two of the directors
are still to be tried.
COALED AT SEA.
Experiments Conducted by the Nary
Entirely Successful.
NEW YORK, Dec. 21.— After a continu
ous trial to-day of four hours of the Mil
ler conveyor for coaling ships at sea the
battleship Massachusetts and the collier
Marcellus, which left the cuvy-yard on
Wednesday morning, anchored to-night la
Sandy Hook Hay. The trial wus very »'ic
cessful, 400 bags— about M tons—of roal
being transferred In four houru without
any accident to the apparatus. Inere was
a light ground swell during the forenoon
making the ships pitch lightly, but there
was hardly any wind during the day. The
trials will >."■ on to-morrow, the Nary De
partment requiring that there shall be two
trials of four hours each, one to bo in a
fairly heavy sea.
Anti-Gambling Ordinance.
\ ALLEJO. Dtc 21.— The war against
the gambling fraternity In Va'lejo result
•d In the passing of an ordinance by the
City Trustee* against all forms of nm
bllng. Including nlckel-in-the-slot ma
rhlnen. It is the opinion of many citi
zens that the ordinance has been made *o
strong that it will not be practical.
Lipton Now Commodore.
F.ONDON. Dec. 21— Sir Thomas Upton
•lanimously },pen elected rear com
modore of th.- Royal Ulster Yacht Club.SHIPYARDS NOW
BUSIER THAN IN
A DOZEN YEARS
Many Vessels Could
Not Be Built Here.
ORDERS WENT TO ENGLAND
CAJTATS 2tcLEOD TO BRLSTO OUT
A BASKESTI3STL
-I. frrta s.
rr^^^ro ta Pu^t Sound have e=cu*h
* - • i_- : • .-- : - . . . .
£l * contract to build a veasel b*
*~ Septemb-r -next. aad ta rnTMrmtUL.
—*-T cwner* have beea forced to ca to
£^«iand to Uv, their ship, tuilt. Lr.
eral tft-k, aaj barkentinea ar» cow be
tr* «=^«^=cte«l on the Clyde f-r Son
*raz=l»co firms, tad »^ C ' ties: wa b«
ban ar i ready 'zr z .i.z *«3« 3 next year.
Ocs of the vessels wflj t« a. rte*: fsur
=**ted bcrkesuse. nrred like the Wm
•^ C*f»3s.«'ii =h »v launched frcn 3ea
dix»«a^ yiri, a . gQ^ a :ew =c etr s
«*"». captain W. J. Md>sod. Ttj has
m*4« sacfe a. =*=*« Scr himself 1= tha br.*
i-urline. v to ccnruij the -«w v«Mei.
and he leaves fsr Glasgow to-mcrrow to
R9«astc&d her mrnrrnctlon. Th«
e r u , **,*• *««■ cue cf the
hiirius If.'ar.ds. She v^ be £.< *<*t j
._ ** :"- r «-;--•- -. :-— ■ vr. u_.; ;:
r !-i tj l1 —**,* 1 **'- fci: * w *~ carrr 12n>
i"*^ 6 **; *=* v w ** b;=i:t according to
~cyd • W«« ciii». eater a s?*c:a: V--
b« tuilt cr ur*«oa ptce. Her dcnkey bcU
rrr= t*« to E^U=i rcr th* v*»«l
*i« tirkezune tsttoib« re^y ta it^y
t«t »r-l »h« wji icaj a p;r«-r»i easzc a:
Gjjjow for Koaotzlu. Bbm v t«tr.« :•;' -
ty ArctiSald Mciti^A.- A 'Scrj cr DuT=l
bsrcoa. Scotiir.l. r:r Hini. Ed-* t Co.
c: ;Mi c::y. z.-r*ryihiT.x :a tnd fcbcut tie
ve*s*i ts to b« cr ti.- v«ry fc«at. *=.d w!>«
cc=pl«te4 it* wtU be aa in« a v«m<i 3 r
t«r cUm c - ti*re ts ancAt.
Jz-ttz^g rroa the su=t*r cf vessels :cw
cr Urn «-*>» la ta« rartocs cc**t yizls
*pd th« «te*! T«»eU b«t=x bsUx :z t-«
E*«t aid Erslaad for S*n Franc:«co pa--
t:e». ta« cc*st £*<t sicu^i t< :-cr*aj*ti ty
at l<a*t t«o dcx«a i=e Urff. vessel ,iur
i2£.ti« r«xt »tx noctts.
The niah to Ncrae a=d th« Klcad^e Is
€xp«c:ed to to ver> cre*t La the sprtsj.
«.^i all the trartporta-tlca cc=p4juea are
t«-.t^:<r ready. lLrr:y rcsaels ar-- b<^:?
charter-^, and the stashed- wd probacly
b* as rr«t as dsr.sjr the first cf the
Kl-isdlke exr.t*=«:t. The J. S. K^nba.l
Cos:paj:y w^i b# early in the Held. It is
ta rui six ttes.=:«r» to Nac», Cipe Tori.
P.rt Clarer.ce asd Safety Hart).3r. ra it
MJchAel. The vessel ire the Aicha. S—
-. . i. Ncyo. Albtoa. Bessie X asd the r*.-.e
t«w cceia itearrer John S. KteitalL The
letter :* aow seanr* cocipleuca and will
rut* h#r naiden voyaxe to the fold
S>ids. She «m carry Su> pas*»aj-»rs »n<i
::«•) tens of frelrat. and will saU April C 5.
The oth*r vessels will fellow every »et%
cr tea days.
The Pacl£c Steam U"hal^jf Cccpa^y.
the Alaska Cosuaerctal Coispcjij-. the Pa
c:ic Coast Seanship Cecspaaj and the
Alaska Sxploratlca Cospasy are sZ?o :
*ettir^r ready for the rcsa. and dtiri=r the
irrr? there will be a dearta cf vessels la I
the coastia* trad* la oj:ise<;"seace.
Tsere are oaly three traaspcrts la p-"rt.
ar.d la cocsetraeaee the of2ctal§ on F«>l- i
•era street wharf are not rushed as niuca
as they were a f*w we^ks axo. The Azi-*z
if at Howard whari No. 3 eoaHrj. tfce
Is-^^r-daa Jj at Fols.^3 street g-»ttin^
r»ady to ro to Seattle to Zcad aad the
Xl'estsiaster Is at Harrtsca street load
!nc hay aad fraln preparatory to tak:=c
— : - oc'sal &z. aw z vi srales. ~ The ]
S:ka *sd Rio d» Ja=«£ro. which arrirrd
trosa SXa.-..:jl a few days «^o. win be
•urzed over to tbetr ew-ers th;* w«fc
Tae traa-«>jrt Newport is aow oct tf
teta ar.d the Tartar thlrt-^er: day* froa
Nixasakl for this port. whi> the Va.:*=..;a.
H now dae. All three vessels win b« re
ferred to their owners as sec a as they
The cext transport that wi:i gall far
Manila will carry an ice plant fcr the cse
k -f rhe »cld!#rs. It will t>^ a very larar» a*
falr and will prove a treat tlessmx to
IZTTZ3. CAiLRTEBS' DANCE.
: : — zr«s» fcr & Gri- i
Ti.» arrircerseats for th« a^air wUI
t« larg-elv la th.c har.ds or the fotlowtajf
cScer* c* th» assoctatica. who have fc*«a
»Icct«4 to ?*rv* for th-? ea»ci=^ rear:
Pr»*i^*t:t. XT. J. Phe:ir; vice president.
Charles S**"fcrrrt; s*cocd - - -.1 president.
In Next Sunday's Call,
Why I Came to San Francisco.
By HESS MOST, the ri=cu» Afisrd&t
0(7/77 /te(// and General Joubert as
I Knew Them.
By SANME KEUGEE.
By Which Gate Did Jesus Enter
Jerusalem ?
rThe Love Story of Julia Marlowe and
Robert Taber.
A San Francisco Girl Who Sang for
the King of Siam.
How to Set the Christmas Table.
By C EANHOFEH. Chief Chef at Del^
! nucscc't. New Ycrk
DECEMBER 24, 1399....
J. C McAslirre: third vice president.
Charles d« la Fontaine; recording secre
tary. Fre.i "W. Fahrenholx: i«-^^^^t se c
v.**"l^. Frani TyrreUi treasurer. R. S.
Cuaalajhaai
HAD HIS FOSTUJTE TOLD
Yccng 2laa Ft : - Gii^i Was Tricksd
is & Dine 2lus«;2ri.
ilaaael Santo Is a native of Gdana aad \
steward cf the whaler Bowhead. He Is
an unsophisticated ycuth. but Is gradual
ly teccmin* accustonied to the wiles tl.at
beset the x ath cf th« ycuny ta a bis city.
Abe.- •■» weeks a«-o. as he was strcll
'" • mlczg Keamy street, he dropp«ed Into
a dime aBMUU near Caliromia street. Tie
was introduced to the rcrtune-teiliny Uiy
ar.d rot «0 tewildered with the rood
things that she predicted rer him that In
a very few minutes he had parted with
C 3. Ke paid C3O for having his fortune
tcld: C fcr a bocus lottery ucket: C 50
♦cr sending a messenger to buy a ticket
with the winning number; S3 to ret a
«'..n-.ps- at his future wife la a looking
f.ass: X for mrcrcaticn as to the value
cf tis future wife's estates, and thai Is
all that he cculi recollect.
>vhea the drawing tcck place ■• wtat
w.th his lottery ticket to receive his f jr
t^=e. b->t was told It was a ticket for tn*
previous drawing and *v valueless. He
wcrr.ed nver his loss (or seme days aad
yesterday he secured warrants for the ar
rest cf "John Do*T! and -Jane Doe 7*7 * ca
the chary* cf p-etty larceny by tr.ck and
device.
PRISONER REFUSES
TO VACATE FOLSOM
J. BUIGLIZXXO DECLDTES TO
PAY A TWO DOLUL3 FI2TE.
His Sentence Ex?ir-s bat He Prefers
chasing Lib-rty at Azt
Price.
.Abcut two years a*2 J. BuL?Heano» an
Italian, was convicted In the United
States District Court of having counter
feiting t>y.s in his possession 3_~ 1 was
sentenced by Jcdz* de Haven to serve a
term cf two years tn Fclsom penitentiary
and to pay a nominal nne cf $2.
on. N v«Bbtrl' cf this year 8..f.'.
sentence, or rather the time portion, of it.
h*vui»T expired, the prisoner waj nctiied
:h*.t he W3uid b* g--~en his liberty upon
the payment cf th* C inc. This Bulrlienao
r-r-^se'i to par. and when Prisca warden
U ilkinscn requested him to take :n«
p»sper*« cath the Italian absolutely £•
c^r.^l to «»«:, except in expressions and
words unit ior pcbttoitlon. The Wardea
wxs at a loss for a solution o-f the prob
lem, ani forthwith sought tha advice .>f
tb« Prison Dbeetors, who ta turn passed
t"e t»c* to Lnited states District At*cr
nej Cccmba.
The United States District Attorney's
cpiz::n »ii i ci*ar ari concise sta.:*m»nt
cf the law m suca cases, mide and pri->
vtded. but enly a-ide-I further ccmpL-ca
tioas. The su«?esuca cf the pauper oath
had teea settled by the prisoners refusal
to subscribe to iv and the same stub
bornness aj>sert»d Itself en the proposition
to deduct th* me from the S allowed a
prlMacr en his release frcm the p-enlten
uary. Buiglieano decllnliur to accept less
than that am.xint and refusing to- leave
ti» prison until it was pai.L
The la%- plainly states that in such cases
until the nne ia paid there can be no- re
>A^f*. an i unless^ Warden Wllkinsoa cr
some- other food Samarltaa advances the
:".r.«» (or the stubborn prisoner the pubic
will be compeiled. to support tts unwel
come rsest until death cancels th- oblira-
.7..
CATS£D A SV*T.T RIOT.
A Cruel I>river's Xarrc-s- Zscap*
Frcia as Inicriated Cro'cd.
There wn & smaU-«ijM riot yesterday
en Turk ar.d J:r.-^s struts. causM ty the
brutal conduct of Con "^"ll^ams. the- driver
cf a coal w«ca. With a sharp whip he
bad cut the sides cf a poor, thin mul* un
t-.: th- b*art'» hide was cr.» ma*s cf welts.
Uiiiram drfrei a t-?im for Felix Gross, a
coal dealer on Ninth street, who has him
*^ix been arrested more thin cue* tar cru
-Ity to fci» animals. Gross started
rut tr. the tsomirj?- w:t.l a miserable team
cf four. The «m: was loaded heavi'y
and Williams b*ea.r. to piy the buckst-cta
as sc<n as be left the wharf. A!cn? Mar
ket street he continued his abuse, and
dcs<?r.s r* -.a..-}'* T-.-sd cut for him tc stop
bet to no purpc««.
The crewe >:-av followed him cut Turk
street attracted the attention of Ned Fos
ter, who is one cf the special cfacers of
the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Animal*. Foster at cr.ee- arrested
Williams, and the cr*iwd attempted to
tike the cruel driver from the cccer for
the purpose cf the fellow some of
the sam» treatment he had ffivea the lead
mule. Had it not been for two ether cf
£c*r» cf rhe society Williams would have
bgen rcu«nly handled before th« patrol
waffca arrived.
N*- m - n ?...!- at Bay Virw.
John Garibaldi, a hoc raiser ax Bay '
View, and his mother-in-law. Mrs. Ca«i- ;
milll. were charged In Judre Graham's i
court yesterday with battery upca Mrs. f
E'ietx. a neighbor, wh? raises ducks and
chickens for a livinx. It was alleged that
La«t Tuesday, because some of Garibaldi's j
milk cans were found in Mrs. Diets'*
yard. Garibaldi, his mcther-in-law and •
Teresa Garibaldi, his sister, mad* a com
bined attack upon Mrs. B>tz and knocked
her down with a club. The testimony of t
the defendants was that Mrs. Diecz u«e-i !
the- club on them first. The Jad?» con- !
vlcted Garibaldi, but dismissed the- ca»* i
aninst his mother-in-law. Garibaldi will j
b<* sentenced to-morrow.
THE S.\y FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 22. 1«99.
NEW BARKEMINE BUILDING IN ENGLAND FOR THE ISLAND TRADE.
STONE DOCK FOR
MARE ISLAND IS
ALMOST CERTAIN
Cheering News From
Washington.
PENNSYLVANIA IN THE FIGHT
JOIN'S WITH CALITOBNTA FOH
CHANGE OF PLAN'S.
Cheering c««i has been received from
Washington In private letters concerning'
tiie outlook for the inbatltaUon of a >*oac
drydock at Mar* Island fcr the timber
structure which !t was attglßMXtf planned
to build there for naval us*. Two bills
hive already been Introduced In refer
ence to the matter, on* la the Senate
and one in the Hoese The Senate bill,
cf which mention has been made in the
special dispatches to The Call frcm
Washington, was introduced by Senator
Perkins. The House bill, which Is ident
ical in terms, was introduce b7 Coa
rressman Butler. The text cf the Per
kins till provides that the provisions of
the act making appropriations for the na
val service for the nscai year ending June
X. % . !£». relating to the construction of
drydocks. etc., be further modified so that
the Secr»»tary of the Navy may. in his
discretion, contract for the construction
cf the drydocks at League Island, fa..
and at ilare Island. CaL. tn addition to
tbea* at Boston. M \ as. . and Pwrsmouta.
N. H.. to be built cf concrete and stcr.e.
and in such cases the limit of the coat
of docJt3 for Mar*? Island and League
Island Is so far modined that the total in
creased ccst for the two drydacka afore
said shall not exceed JTOO.Om).
The Perkins bill was referred to the
Senate Committee en Naval Affairs, of
which both Senator Perkins and Senator
Penrcse cf Pennsylvania are members.
It has been previously mentioned that
the Pennsylvania Congressional delega
tion was supporting the proposition to
construct only stone drydocks. having la
view the work at League Island. Hav
ing two Senators en the committee, who
are known to fc-e favorable to th-? meas
ure, locks well for a favorable report. The
conditions that are applicable at one
na.vy-yard are also applicable at another
In the cmttCT of the material for dry
docks. The coupling cf L^a^ue Island
and Mart Island in the bL.I Is considered
to be a jrood t-injr. for It secures tne
united support of Pennsylvania and Cali
fornia. In the Kcuse Committee on Na
val Affairs, wnich will consider the mat
ter, are Metcaif cf California and Butier
of Pennsylvania. Tht« insures two
votes tn the House Committee far a fa
vorable report.
The demand for itone drydocks at all
the navy -yards where there are drydocks
to construct has been seconded by tne
leading engineering journals of the East
ern States. The Engineering News and
American Railway Journal, published at
New York, has declared that "the ma
sonry dock is in every way better adapted
to its purpese than the timber dc<k." and
also makes the statement of fact, not
cemmeniy understood, that a rreat dan
ger to 3. drydock is the upward pressure
cf the soil water. Against this pressure
th« stone dock is superior to the timber
dock ca account cf Its weizht. This
weight !s alone «uf2cient to hold down
the stone dock, but the timber !:■:'.<. V;--i<
to be ptnned down by piles.
The resolutions adopted by the San
Francisco Board -' Trade, the Sa.i Fran
cisco Chamber of Commerce and the
Manufacturers" and Producers' Associa
tion have been presented to the Senate
by Senator Perkins. They ail stronyly
--f that the Mare Island drydock ihail
-• -•
2fISSTS"G DEPOSITORS.
Ad zr. i r. i stratlca Letters Granted ca
3£02«7s la Bank.
Public Administrator Driakhous* has
beea jraated letters cf adasialstratlon
vpon tie estates cJ rr.any depositors ta
the Klb*mia Bar* the d-positcrs haviaj
failed ta call Jor their deposits for orer
tea years. The various suias on deposit
a* greyate about CO.GOQ. The raissia? de
positors upon whose estates the Public
Adsiiaiatratsr has &e*a exacted letters
are:
Till J':-fc.-..v.=. P»ter K#oexi. Jobs Cote
bu. Marrarrt L*-».j. Pm:- Lyaeti WU
liasa <mC Jcta Marram, Asa •3f «fil.
ilorr J. Plrrs*. Boa* tmwu. TlswtSr
S=:::Tia. Matt T*s«. 1. J. TTa<>irin«i.
Cat&erts* Tttrtq. E>= Tr*cr. J^ae Tris»
fcle. Jtefea Cl»Sey. O^rJea Dertsit. IT iry
PUVn. P*t«- IMm Axs*« C- Z'.~ CXo
tliie A. lets. J*=»a W. Fc«t-r. WtH!aa
-€*j3es,- fcta -Godd. Cllt jUu — Bum, —
-i.-.-j H«Uia«y. vsa* H«ary Jofea A. Hy
lar<l. ■.:--■- ili: :-••■;,. TT^itnaa Xirtoo.
«- « 0 5---- it it-, a CCccsar. 'V *—.
Taylcr. C. She-has. ICcfca-l B»rs.cida.
-i— . *s Gnharr. Airi!> D-.t-ts. gi;:;i-i
r>uiTy. D*ti4 R Gi2ar^» xri •><-.-, Ha«£*s.
CStfßftfaa MurnLT. Euz-a« ♦vr«u:t. Nellie
P««n. "WOiimm Bishop. Pkrrtck BciMm.
yixrr Btjtice. P»r- SaiaTaa. Cata
criat Murray. Eu««K C Ft-., y. N«tll«
' ■»•- « WtUtas Buhop. Mary Brines.
Jerry r '"'{ fc " TUUxq Clacitsca, C*ta«r
!=• Carroll. X«Qe Clcse. Mk-kMt Coe-
Maria Caly. Mary D«;herty. Patrick EtofK-
I*3. Carr.e Errtery. Jaises FTaai^aa. Jcta
Flyaa. Ja=es H^Jiea, Ji=« Ejlaftaa. J*-
"•Cerr. B«?r=ar4 JCiersaa. E.i-«-ard Lraca- j
P. J. M:DccaM. CoUa MrPtail. Joha
SCabea, H«:ry W. MUT^r. Peter NTUscn.
Jc»*pt CTNeia. M.iry O'Neill. Ellat*ti
CRirtST. VTEia WlUUssa. Edward Tra^y.
Hi-j N. Tttflimtn. Aatoel-v P. Scares.
Peiiro A. SU-ra. EUea bia*-n. Otta Puca
ter. Peter Raierry. Wllilass Potter.
A Systematic Wife Beater.
■n B*rt>mf± Fallon. S3ZB Sixth - -
[ secured a warrant from Judge ilocanyes
| terday for the arrest of her husband.
; Thomas r alien, on charrw of battery
and thnsts msMXnmt life. "Wednesday
I nfett fc<! ir-»ct tone drenk and. aj caual.
j wtea In that condition, he cnoked h*r
I and struck her. -Mo« op by thrcatrn
| tn^ to kill her. Her -?: husband, was &
- ---- of Thomas and irhen he died she
gzz no>» Insurance money. Since her
rrtas* '.a Thomas be has declared ttat
he wtll not -work tiU the TJ») Is expended.
J aid -t has kept to his, dedara^cs.
TO REORGANIZE
STEEPLECHASE
MANAGER S. P MUPPHY.
r> YXVESTER P. iIUHPHT, who
ST. who
-
vJ a^^m*rnt o* tne wt<?ep»6chxse.
Central Park, tj one cf ~ the
best known am-isement promoters
[a the United States. For over
Sfteen years h» wa3 aa active pro
moter of rr.anr of the leading en
terprties at Coney Lsland. New
York. Mr. ilurphy contemplates
many alteraU:n* and improve
ment at Central Park ta the near
future and his energetic business
methods, combined with hi 3 wide
exp-erience. will doubtless make
"... - well-Vtsown resort one of the
most popular pleasure grounds la
the city.
GOLF COTILLON
IS THE THING
Many Entertainments to
close the Old Year
With.
The larja r.\iml>er cf en:ertainment3 ar- j
ranged J«r the next w«k will cause the
Old year to g-j out In a great blase of so- j
cial glory Most prominent or all the '
afTairs is the golf cotillon, to fc«e held to- !
morrow, Saturday, at Cotillon Hall. Mr. !
Greeaway, who ia to lead, has arranged ■
a number cf new fig-urea for the affair. ;
The g».-naa wfU fceg~.n promptly at 3 !
ociocsfc. Refreshmeata win be served a: [
5 and dar.cmg will thea be contiaued until j
7. The afT-ur is to be replete with sur- I
prices- The young ladies who are to be j
la the first set ire: Misa Edith Preston.
Misa Thcrese Morgan, the Miaaea Flor
ence and Mary Jco-seiyru His* Adelaide
Murphy, MUi B^a^ie A=e3, Mia3 Olive
Hoibrock, Misa Ruth McNutt, Misa Isabel
Kittle and M:a.s Ethel Hi^er. The pairoa
esses cf the golf ccillcs. are: Mrs. Pel- |
ham Amea, Mrs. E. J. Preston. Mxv W. i
?. Morgan. Mrs. Charles Josaelyn. Mr*, t
S. G. Murphy. Mr 3. =a=u-il Kzishz. Mrs.
W. F. Mc.N'utt. Mrs. John Kittle, Mrs. E. '
J. McCutcheca and il.-i Emily Hajer.
Mrs W. J. Irwia gave a dinner ca »Ved- I
ceaday evening, complimentary to- Muj '
Etnel Ha^er and Mi^a Mary Scott, <ie- !
butantea of uns season. .Vmon? tho^se !
asked to meet tee juesu ct --■*».-- :
Miss Bess .- Ames. Mas Prestca. M.*i i
Tterea* Morgan. Hiss Helea Hopittas, !
il-* * Edna. Hopiuas. Miss Georgiaaa Hop- !
kins. Miss Caro Crockett. Mio^ Gertrufie !
CarroU. Mi<3 Geaevieve Carolaa. M-3<s j
Carrie Taylor, the Masses atubba. the '
M.r-^i Locjhicrouyh. the Misses Smith, i
Miss Ives. M 133 Leila Voorhies. Misa a.. '
Hajer. Misa Leada Cadwalader. M -j :
Everett Bee. E. M. Greenway. Horace •'
Platt. E K. Sheldoa. Allen at. J. Bowie. ;
Sana Be rtimaa. Nat WtJsoa. Fraak Kin^.
Bert Cauwala ier. Robert Hooker. Worth- |
injtoa Ames, Clarence Foliis. Nerru Da- ;
vis. George Hall. Gus Taylor. William ;
Taylor. Harry Stetsoa, Fred McXear and !
Dick Tohtn.
<>a Tuesday evening Ml? - E<lith Mcß^aa !
save a theater party at tee California j
Theater, complimentary to Misa Georyl- I
ana. Hopkiaa. After the theater a. supper '
at the University Clui> waa la order, j
Among 1 Miss Mc3*an's suest3 were: Ml3s i
G»>:rgvLC3. Hopklas. Miss Helen Hopkins. :
Misa Edna Hopkias. Miss Mary Scott, i
Miss Sarah Collier. M 153 Gerevleve Caro- !
laa. M 133 Caro Crockett. Mia? Thereae I
Mor^aa. Gizs Taylor. Fred McXear. Harry
Stetson. G*orre Cadwalader. Lawrence
Scctt and E. J. Prlnzle.
Cm Saturday evening. December 30. Mrs. >:
S. G. Murphy aad Miss Adelaide Murphy
si if* a ''calico b*K" ac their horn* on
Pacinc avenue. Each season Mrs. Mur- i
phy has been the hostess at sotae a^ai- ;
that had amocs it 3 many merits that of !
novelty, and this years" entertaiam<»at j
promises to f^-zzl la charm aad novelty
tts many ---'■■---■-- £?■ •
On Wednesday eveainr next, the Misses
Hopkins will jive a diar.er la honor of 1
Miss Claire Hamiltca aad her uaace.
Geory; Martin.
Another dinner on Wednesday next win
be the one g-.-.-a by the Misses Stnbbs
complimentary to Miss Genevieve Klay
Mr. iri Mrs. Homer Kin? will five a
dinner this evening ia hoaor of Mlss'Geae- f
vieve Kia?. After the dir.rer host. hoste-»3
Bad ruests will go to the Friday Fort- !
nizhtly Cotillon.
Mr. aad Mrs. E. J. Preston -■-ill Ht« a
house party c; New Tears day at their
lovely home at FM ■■ HalL
Mrs. I^ourhbortnzch »ad the Misses
Lou^hborouarn have sent oat Invitations
for a tea oa New Tear's day.
Mrs. Alexander D. Keyes < formerly Miss
Kate Salisbury* gave a charmlaf Dttl* (
tea on We«inesday at her home on Dcvi
adero street, ccmplimeatary to the -yams '
ladies who ofSctated as bridesmaids at her
wedding:
Miss AraTea, Keyes rave a -•----..
terday at the University Cltib, compltmea
tary to Miss Gladys MerrtlL Those asked
to meet the grest of honor were all her
schoolmates — yocaar misses who will be
formally presented next year to society's
maaic circle. Covers were laid for twen
ty-focr and Mrs. Monroe Salisbury chap
eroned the party. 7
*The tzg*s<izztzt cf iCsa Al!ca T^^n.
-. i- - rMr ! Mrs. Frmak ]
I- err Will Go
w. H. Gilbert, the fugitive banfcTipt
hardware merchant frca Winston. N. C.
appeared with his counsel. Eug-ena I>»u
prey. yesterday art-moon before ' United
States Commissioner Heacock and stated
that he would no lon?»r resist the Ie?a!
effort to send him to North Carolina for
trial on the indirtment char?ir.ff him
with havtr.gr concealed i pan of his
assets with the intent to defraud hu
cre<litors. Gilbert will b* taki»n b*for»
United Starts District Judre >i-» Haven
this corr.ls;. who will maks the neces
sary crder.
■ ♦ ■
Jcdgsiest ::r a Dm&
A Jury in J_«i?» Hunt's co*_rt has
a~-ard#.l Haztle B- D<?la:cnr ♦•.drrie-.t for
FjXG a^ainsr the fim of Ale_a_{«_er Mac
kay __ Son fcr the d-ath of her 3cr.. Ar
thur J. Deia:our. who as killed by ■.
falllrtg tix La the rear c. defendant's
store. The jury found that the Lad's
death was <t~* to the carelessness of de
fendant* er_pLor.«j.
Us«:".. Christnaa Presents.
-
■
-■- - - .
-
Ch:cke~a Cczdenred.
■■ ■ .
B- - -
Remarkable
Bargains...
for— i
Friday and
Saturday...
■
MISSES* GOLF CAFES, vain* for K. «■ be placed on sale at
*4.00
'_
LADIES* GOLF CAFES, raise for *3; win be placed M sale at
-If* 'A
LADIES* GOLF CAFES, latest des!?_; raise for n_.SO; «■ be
placed on sa>e at *•»..-,«>
LADIES* GRAY DRESS SKIRTS, value for M: win be placed '
oa sale at 53. 75
LADIES' PLAID DRESS SKIRTS, raise for $5; win be i
placed or. sale at 53.00
• ___ i
LADIES* BLACK AND BLUE KERSET JACK-,".'*., raise ,
for I" 50: win be placed on sale at 95. 00
_________ i
LADIES' BLACK CLOTH TAILOR-MADE SLIT-, raise for
J10; win be placed on sale at "...'....: #5.00
————— (
LADIES' BLACK AND BLUE TAILOR-MADE SUITS.
i_ade of line Cheviot. Satis finish lining; ralue for Jl3; -rtu
be placed on sale at $10.00 <
LADIES* STOCK COLLARS, In all shades wm be p-iced
. oa sale at l.'i ,
Ladies' 2=Clasp Kid Gloves ' j
will be placed os sale at 60c pair <
OUR ENTIRE STOCK OF BLACK AND COLORED '
FEATHER BOAS MARKED DOWN. \
"We r»s--= ■' l_vt:e an exaal-atlos of the above Uses. J
as we feel confident they are the
» <
Greatest Bargains Ever Offered.
—————————————————— i
J.O'BRIEN&CO.
1146 Market Street, ;
Bet Taylor and Mason.
NEW STORE.
■ - -
POLICE HUNTING
FOR A CLEW TO
A DARING THIEF
Drove Off With a
Grocery Rig.
»
WAGON LOADED WITH GOODS
«
SACK COSTAJNTS'O GOLD WAS
LEFT EN' AS OTZBCOA7.
«
The Em?? 7 Wages and Horse Focnd j
Several Hours Later in An
other Part cf tha
City.
♦
A darizy ro£b«ry via cotrr- yes- '
terdar nomir:? In c=e d the busiest best- j
n«»i district! or the cry. and the polic«
an without a clew as :o th« l<i<»c.-. oc
the rebfcer cr robbers.
Bert McCoy. oT the nr= oi R. MrCoy &
Son. grocers. Hi N.n:h street. I«J: the
store yeatenlay nicm:n? In a deiiTery
wra^-oa to cake 3C=» purchases la the
wholesale district fcr the Christmas
trade. He took with hi=i JTM Is sold.
which he was ta deposit in tank. He
placed the sack containis* the sold In
the pecket cr his overcoat, whica he kept
on the seat beside him. He made some
purchases, inciudiry a crate ci chickens.
ive flve-falioa cans of honey, two boxes
d apples, a tarrel of cronaerries. and
atcut U o'clock poOed up in front of a
stcre at California and Davis streets.
where- he intended mik:::* additional
purchases. ■- •', '
He was In the 3t3re enly a few min
utes, but when he retumeu his horse and
waj^oa had disappeared. He hunted
around for some minutes in a vain search
fcr the risr, and then he notined the po
lice, siviis- a de^rr.ptics cf the horse and
»i^n and costent-s. What troubled him
moat was that the overcoat ccr.to:n:ns
the sack with the fT.G had been left in the
wajroa.
Detective. Di:i:n i-1 Cmck'tt were
detailed on the case by Capto:n Bohea.
bu; cocld find no one who saw the hers«
and wagoa b*rtny driven away. Net even
the expressman on the corner could give
th-m the slightest information, and they
had to report back that they had utterly
foiled in getting a c>w.
A few minutes later word reached po
lice headquarters that the horse and
waysn tad been found by a poUeemon
at the corner of Vailejo ar.d Jones streets.
but the contents. Inciidms the overcoat
with the rco. were mLfsiny..
• ♦ ■
Gccd Times for the Little Ones.
The Uttle on*s cf the Central Methodist
Church are to have a Jine time en cext
Saturday afternoon. Miss Susie F. Abbott
U the teacher of what is known as the
kinderjarten department of the Sunday
school cf that church, and ajsl»t*d by
ethers she has prepared a royal treat for
her youthful charges- There is to t«e a
hup» Christmas tree leaded with toys,
candies and other ircod things that mike
piad the hearts of the little folks. Be
sld-is the distribution of sifts by Santa
Claus there win be music, sinjfin? and
other entertainment. Misj Abbott's cia&s
cf little ones numbers about 12). and not
one will be absent unless ca account cf
sickness.
DB. KILItEB-3 SWA2IP BOOT.
Perhaps Your Trouble
Is Chronic
Kidney Disease.
Ofta D-3si: to D«ter=fi* tri Uistj to
Dtetrrt tia Bin PltjcriTi.
It Is always b*at to t* en th« safe
aide.
Th-re ar- many d!ffereat ways !a
which kidney trouble will show ttMUL
Some ci its most common symptoms
are often mistaken fcr other diseases.
Some cf them ARE ether diseases.
bet b*ins brcmcht aboat by kidney de-
rangement, the ONLY way to cor*
them Is to first jet rid cf th« kidney
The ind-flnit- symptcms which r>
with kidney derangement an a sens*
cf general lassitude and Indisposition,
weakness, sickness and . >ri— inn,
Headache, tackache and pains in th«
joints and limbs. Irregular heart: stem-
, ach derangement, vomiting, nervous-
ness, restlessness, s.ceplessness. t an
also Indications of diseased kidney pc!-
scn la the blood.
Whenever yoo f?el "xizider the weath-
er" it is a rood plan to take a f*w doses)
of Swamp Rcct, the great kidney r«na-
[ edy
When any cf the symptoms des*rrtb*Nl
abov* show that your kidneys are slc'x
and year sysiem needs bractn?. s-»amp
; Rcct will afford crompt relief and curs
, the most chronic and • rr. :.. i*. ■ : cases.
Swamp Root is H3*<l tn the leading
> hospitals: recommendM by skillful
physicians In their prlvat* practic*:
j and Is taken by doctors themselves who
; have kidney ailments, because they r«c-
: ceniz* ia it the greatest and rr.csz su:-
1 cewfnl remedy for kidney and bladder
! troubles.
To prove what S-aran-.p Root win £9
! for YOU. every r-ad-r cf the ~Call-
| who wCI send their name and address
j to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Binshamtan. N.
T.. wi!! b* •■•nt Immediately, fre* by
I mail, a samplw bottle of Swamp Root
j and a beck ccntainfn? some cf tfc-s
thousands upon thousan<ls cf trstimo-
i nial letters received from sufferers
, cured. B« sire ani mention readln?
this srenerous effer In the San Francisco
I Daily Call.
The regular fifty -<r«nt and ■- • dotlar
sir* bottles of Swamp Rcct are fcr sal*
at all dra% stores.
I REDUCED roar j
I HOLIDAYS... I
i TAILOR • MADE v^..
GARMENTS. ||pi
j ?l.i Silts «IV".<> *fJK^I- %\ \
: 7—--x 5;:;» SS^O t)*3 1 \
I Prise* Ali^r: -.-.<-> ►V; ♦*;—«; — « t {
F^U Dm* Bate*.. -»OJ» y^ ' *^- 1 •
•:-— *•» 20.00 M CI r* :
JOEPOHEI^i-rii
JOEPOHEIM,|i{
• :ci ii-^-OS. iF*g ft &H I
vC9flNß.fl
i ...-. . II ~'z — •— r st . .CSaKlBaiJ: .
• 2A3 c * I -*-♦"' y-^ A *4 A i*'*^* •
Ii ZXZ. VTxi> -g--:n at.. Kf(f^~^ S
I °^^- I
UNITED STATES BRANCH
STATEA\ENT
• — THS— —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
HELVETIA SWISS
FIRE 9UAKI COMPANY
Or st. gaix. t-'AirmHL.vjro. ozt ths
Zlsz iXT cf P— ■■ "T. A. D. IKK. a=il f-r
ti» r«or «=<!ls« co tiit I*/, mm =r*J« ta tf
l2scrxru.-« Cccs=it»tcs*r ci t5« Seat* «? C*ii-
f — : i. puji^-aat v ti* prrr-.s'css of wetSoes
CJ a»i *li cf ta« PoUUcal Cc*i«. ecsd*sje4 ..
v
■--. €« »-!
Boada iwnil fey •*."";*£ 7 . ...JC3.2C V
~i*~. 13 Cc=ts*a^» ■: r. .-. C 3 3
C&tb 12 rUrit.i .J Ml U
lsi»r«»t <J-« «^d *rcrje>l ca I.'. -'•■■€»
*=»i Lc»=a iw r
?.— -.-«-:.- Ccctm cT :...■■:-:-_ *' •• 15
Ad AiNti . Ja» *«' a
LUBIUfm
L.-mmm a iiohm oC a:. _j - --.: or
•.3 Sc»?eaj* CS.H2 ti
L ill i ■ iwTif. taeits.'. *x;«=je« . I.^. ..;
i- •«» pr*c:J"i=sa cs i -- ■ 4,- -.--
nine «m yw cr I<m. m^: n r«-
m— i't.-i' 1 * » per «•-• ■ ■ «3
... sr-=is=J ca Ftr* Ri^kt r:n-
1 -- t - — •- i- — -»_- t■- »:■) s;;
r*-ia«rmac« pro Ml 0.12 a
Do* aad »icr:-l tor «-t_i.- r«t.
•«• £ ru 3
Ail etiier tocudi «x^nr: t^« ccca-
P*=T SS.**4 V
Tacal LJaMHt>« «. ts* at I*
D»9oiß ~
yrrrr'.-rr* - _, n . — O
ca 3- rjl». M S *.*. ■ 1 Croa
»--•-•< n.ta ••
Tsui T*'* I*"**1 *"** r ■ ■ "1 1 1 - ■ ■■ 1 ■ !■■ I ' iii . 2 L '** *<
N«t »=cc=t p»ld tsr Ftr» Lcsa«« rta-
tisrtftc C?.«T C. leini cr prrrtsoj
r**«» X3S.M9 a
p»^l cr 4. -•■•~i r-r Cc=i«Ua ■
Brckrr*** KJO {4
p»M fsr SaUr*.**, T»««. »3i2 cti»r
c^*rr?« f« '-- — ' e:«rt». »^c ISO TJ
PUd far Scxtc. Ni::rx. *ad local
* i ••• a.ft» rt
AC i— *r parsesss jj^l «Z7*a£:t^rs*.. l^ct *:
Total >m— trin i Vn-SK v
V—m femnm* *vlbc tto jw tTTVIH 3
Risks sad Pr«ssr^=Ji I Fir* Risk*. I Pr«at»B*.
>'♦< »■""■*< if r.:t<«
y«»r "* "* t ai.*'J jaait
?I«t *.---.-- cf SMBT
*t " ■** i . . ** * f t.-. *
y»»r ( # GZ.X2 C4.3T3 *»
N»t isaaoat ta flwaW
DieiMbir a. a»....! nan rrM»»
!.OC R. atISD.
cT W«-tf * K*3s-rfr. Mi-xr-.rt.
Ss£»er!Vd «3d •-» - — : - z-'. r- -.-. — ! ■ a
d»j -'- Ja-t-jry. ■■
axMm I*. XMD
SITZ <& CO.,
GENERAL AGENTS.
301 California Street.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
1. . ...
_ - i= t Ma _ _
TS« 2=e« wcsArrsJ *sfa-3«2«t»e «34 S^uxl
Tccic fir mm --Li* -<*«-• cf — «cst«.
Tb« Hei.Cii Re=#<t)' £^r DtJ«a*r» Cf ti* XLI-
■ ■'■ . fcsd BtiJ.i«r. S*'U ca ttJ ;-«a sa«r.t«.
SABER. ALJS * nilV^S. ««• I
C 3 Mxrfcft »trt<t. S. T.—<%*a.l tzr dmixr^
COKE! COKE!
p. a. Ksro-ALn.
Wicte»*> Dn>r as 4 Si!;c«r eT Cntfc
C7HCS a TGLSQU «X.
56
FKIDAY ....DECEMBER 22, 1899
JOHN D SFRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager
PI HI.ICATIO.\ OFFICE ... Haricot and Third. 9. F.
Irlrphonr Main IMS,
EDITORIAL ROOm 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Slain 1874.
Delivered »»■» Carrlera, 15 Cent* Per Week.
Mnirle « <>iiir». ■*• Cent*.
Term* b"> Mull. Including I'uMncri
IMII.Y CALL (Including Sunday), one yt-nr . . ?il.on
DAILY < MI (Inelndlnir Sitiuln? >. <! months. . 3.00
DAILY (ALL (including >inday t. 3 xnoutha. . 1.50 I
IIAILV CALL, 1«» Miicli- Muuiu •>•"►••
M M)AY CALL One Year »•<*•»
WEEKLY CALL One Year LOO
All poatznastera are anthorlsed to receive
anbiterlptlona.
Miuplr copies « 111 be forwarded wbrn reaneated
OAKLAND OFFICE BOS Droadwar
c. cnonnn Kiioc\nss.
Maiagrr Foreign A«l v«-rtl»lnt:. Marqaette Datld-
Init. Chicago.
M \\ voHK connnsro.MiKXTt
C. C. CAULTOX Herald Square
M m VOHK nEPIIBSEKTATIVEi
I'EnnY llhi:\s .lit 2t> Tribune Building
CIIICAGO SKEWS ITAIMi
hirm«n Iluuaet I*. O. >r«« Co. I Great North
ern Hotel; Fremont Ilonnet iodllurlnm Hotel.
m \n YORK SEWS STAXDSi
Waldorf- \ «T..rin Hotels A. llrentano, 31 In lon
Squnret Murrn> Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON <i» C.) id ill .Welllnnrton notel
J. F. ENGLISH, (orrenpondent.
DItANTH OFFICES S2T Mnnlßomrrv utreet. cor
ner Clajr* open until :i::tM o'clock. :t»»o lln>«"«
■ tr. ■ : open until li::i<> o'clock. MS) McAllister ;
• fir. i, open until :•:.'{<» < .1...-L. Mir, Larkln '
• 1i..(. open until :•::!<> o'clock. 1941 >II«.«i«i:i
»lrrrt, open until lit o'clock. BMI Market |
atrcet. corner M\teenth. open until i» o'clock. |
Ki'Mt Valencia ntrcet. open until U o'clock. ■
]•••. I I. ii nib ntreet. open until 1» o'clock.
V\\ . corner Twcnt)-Bccnnd and Kentucky
► trrrin, open until :i o'clock.
■ i
AMUSEMENTS.
Orrh e«ai— Vau a r\-l 1 1 c.
Columbia— "Romeo and Juliet."
Ca.ll?om!a— "The Hottr»t Coon In Dixie."
AJhambra— "Black Pattl Truub*4our»."
Tlvoll— "Tar and Tartar."
Grand Opera-house — "Dl« Fledfnnauß."
Alrarar— "Dr. BKl."
Chutea, Zoo ar.a Tbeatcr— VaudavUla every afternoon and
♦ver.inc.
Olyrapla. corner Ma*nn and El lit atreeA— 6pecUJt!ea.
Ontral Park— 6tecj>^chafi« and Coney Island.
Panorama Battle of Manila Bay. Market street, near
nict.tn.
Oakland Rae* Track— Racea.
AUCTION SALES.
By E. B. Fp<?ftr & Cn.~ Tht» flay, at 10 o'clock, Trunks. Va-
l!»en. etc., at 21 Sutter »trMt.
THE: LfIWTON FUND
01 : rents which have been started to
jnor.urnents swords of honor
pnlar heroes of the
: .is been more deserving of
. the public than that which
I to provide for the family of
IC recent death has cast a
las c eason.
It . ■ note that responses to the appeal
c almost as soon as the
• • they have come a/id are com
the Union. Reports from
■ m are to the effect that Adjutant General
• 'he head of the committee having
■nent, has already received large
and from the principal cities of the
. :ven ample assurances of more.
. a fund of this kind which will derive
ron the patriotism of the whole
I be in the worst possible taste for any
r to nr.ke an ostentatious parade of
c movement. This is not an
• the public will pardon any attempt
< of exceptional zeal in
The one object to be kept
I of General Lawton's family, and
c occasion is to go to the mem-
the army and in the navy wn:i
: icuous deeds of daring and
IT with Spain, but -.vhrn the
time are past and the history of
i the more lasting honors will be
the true hero of the war and
. the page of history has
. the blood of his martyrdom on
•en whom we are proud
. of American manhood. He was
rdowed by nature with the
• ip and command, but deprived by
- of a military education,
he ( ::.teer army of the republic as a
: War and by distinguished
merit known. It was no ordinary
amid the mighty armies of the Union dis
jrh fitness for military
I within I n he won promotion step
came a brevet colonel at the age of
is one of I eat exemplars of Ameri
>:ship, and he achieved the honort
of the people by the arduous
•■■» to his country he made no
■ therefore doubly im
portant th cnerous and loyal con
tributions shot:' I 1 the fund required to clear
lebt on hi? ■ It is certain that all cities
on will be prompt in responding to the ap
:nade for the fund. San Francisco must be
g the forer: oit and the most liberal.
-Ibomuph de to the front and fight
gainst the Boers and has
O horsemen at his own expense.
!y the Vanderbilt millions will help a little.
<r " the I .age to win at least a skir
midl ft the war in the Transvaal
will 1 monotonous the public will cea -
■r the news be censored or not
Not the least of the many reasons for satisfaction
in the Christmas season is the fact that Confess ad
journs and gives the country a rest until after New
Year's day. ■ ; .
DIVISION IN CANADA.
r\ QUITE remarkable development of the Boer
/ A w.ir is the appearance of divided sentiment in
* *■ ( nnada. The liberal French Canadians are
quite free in their expressions of antagonism, and
are not without allies among their fellow citizens of
English blood. Professor Goldwin Smith has de
clared h-ni^i: to friends in England as an active
opponent of the South African aggression, and to a
friend in California has written: "The end of the
British empire seems to me certain. It will be that of
c empires before it, notably of that Spanish em
pire of which we have just seen the final collapse."
The ancient empires were in decay unobserved by
their people. When the measures regarded as tending
to permanence of their existence were taken history
finds in the means used the inoculation with fatal dis
ease, which finally destroyed that which they were
intended to preserve.
In these days, therefore, guided by past examples,
the philosopher is able to diagnose the case of em
pire better than in other times.
The spread of empire requires the acquisition of
unwilling people, of alien and diverse races, and
where climatic conditions give to these physical per
sistence and deny it to their conquerors a poison is
taken into the imperial body which finally destroys it.
A year ago the idea prevailed that other races being
moribund, and other nations in decay, the two great
branches of the Anglo-Saxon race owed to humanity
the duty of possessing at once the estates of the
feeble, and there were high dreams of a division of
the world between England and the United States,
inst this iridescent reverie the best thought of
r.d has now taken up arms. Englishmen in the
temperate zone, who value their relation to the eni
rehensive of its speedy fall through an
unwieldy expansion which secures the enmity of the
world and weakens imperial power of resistance. The
doctrine that the weak have no rights to be respected
by the Itrong is now clearly seen by thinkers to lead
to the weakening of the strong, and to the ultimate
overthrow of all that strength has guarded that is
beneficial to mankind. No wonder that Goldwin
Smith, Herbert Spencer and the guild of British
thinkers are sounding the note of alarm.
In the Uniteji States a selfish and imperial policy,
transformed from the altruism of our Spanish war,
has been notably opposed by the scholars and phil
osophers. Against them stand the politicians, who
consider not the past nor the future. In their brief
day they reach for profits, power and glory, and are
careless of the distressing difficulties they are creating
for the generations to come.
Here there is a cheerful prospect of a reaction, in
which the still, small voice of reason as it is uttered
by the wise will be heard above the bugles and the
roar of guns. But in England the imperial habit is
fixed. It is an appetite that grows with what it
on, and an instinct which reaches out continually for
new victims of its greed. The somber forebodings of
Goldwin Smith may be realized b< fore this generation
pass< nd the British empire may fall, carry
ing with it the vast benefits to mankind which have
ited with the English race. If the land of the
world were unpeopled and all parts of the planet
were equally adapted to the perpetuation of the
Anglo-Saxon race from generation to generation the
universal empire of that race might be more substan
tial than a dream. But no political policy can over
come the resistance of nature. It is quite likely that
the Bri'ish empire, by violation of the everlasting
principle laid down by Mr. Blame that forcible an
:on, carrying with it an indignant and hostile
people, is wrong, is in danger of disintegration.
Senator Hoar, although he ranks as one of the
' foremost authorities in the Senate, was not appointed
on either of the committees organized to deal with
our "colonial possessions." Fortunately the Senator's
influence is uot of the kind confined to a committee
room, and when the time comes to settle the :
growing out of our occupation of Cuba and the Phil
ippines he will be heard by the whole country.
CtiflMßEßLfllN'S NEW SONG.
WHEN he was urging his aggressive demands
upon the Boers Mr. Chamberlain, for the pur
pose of winning over the British public to sup
port him in his jingoism, spoke contemptuously of
the strength of the Transvaal and scouted nil sug
gestions that the "handful of farmers" would dare to
resist with arms the power of the British empire.
Kven after the war began he continued to hold forth
jauntily upon the subject and gave encouragement to
the popular belief that Buller would make something
like a holiday march across the country, and after
dictating peace to the conquered rebels would enjoy
his Christmas dinner at Pretoria.
It was not long, however, before the southward
•sweep of the Boers put an end to his jauntiness. He
taw the British troops in South Africa shut up in the
intrenchments at Maftking, Kimberley and Lady
smith, and the victorious "farmers," as he called them,
making 'a successful invasion of Natal and Cape
Colony. He perceived that it is impossible to keep
the truth from the British public even by the most
rigid censorship, and, being too astute a politician not
to know how to adapt himself and his speeches to a
change in the situation, he has altered the tone of his
orator)' and is now trying to rouse the war spirit of
the country by describing the contest as one which
wiil demand the exercise of all the patriotism of the
people.
In his recent speech at Leicester he is reported to
have said: "But this is a great war upon which we
have entered. It is not a small task that this country
lias, not for the first time in its glorious history, un
dertaken. We are told that the Transvaal is a weak
power. Weakness in war depends upon many con
siderations. It is not merely a question of numbers
or of wealth. It is a question of local circumstance,
of position, of methods of warfare. At the time of an
unwarranted and extraordinary and insolent aggres
sion of attack upon her Majesty's territories, the
Transvaal state was by far the greatest military power
in South Africa. For years it has been preparing, as
we now know, for this contingency, and when the
war broke out, in numbers of men. in its resources, in
its armament, it altogether outnumbered and out
v.ri«hed anything that this country could possib'7 do
for many weeks to come. You must bear in mind
that in this war we are 6000 miles and more from the
country in which we have to operate, and when our
troops land in that country th»*y are 1500 miles by lani
from their ultimate objective."
Since that speech was made the situation has be
come even more gloomy for the British. Gttacre,
Methuen and Buller have been successively defeated.
So far from being able to relieve the beleaguered
I'.ritMi garrisons the forces of these generals are
themselves in danger. The scene of the conflicts is
far away from the frontier of the Transvaal, and th«
battles are being fought upon British soil. In Nan!
the Boers have pushed their march half way to the
coast, and they have done nearly as well in Cape
Colony. All ideas of an easy movement through the
Tranbvaal have been abandoned, and General Buller
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1899.
who went to the front with a plan of a straight march
forward, has been superseded in command by Gen
eral Roberts.
The one satisfactory feature of the war to the Brit
ish is that the jingo Government has at last realized
the difficulty of the war and has taken steps to put
forth the full strength of the empire. The best gen
erals in the British service are to have command, and
every soldier she can bring forward from her wide
extended empire will be sent to serve under them.
The Boers will have to meet on the field of battle
men from even- quarter of the globe. They will be
gathered not only from the British Islands, but from
Canada, from Australia and from India. Mr. Cham
berlain no longer underrates his enemy, and the only
question is whether he has recovered his reason too
late.
The fund for the benefit of the family of General
Lawton ought to be provided without urging. Why
should any citizen of means need argument to prove
that it is a privilege to be able to contribute to such a
fund?
IT is evident that if Mr. Bryan have his way the
next Democratic platform will indorse all the
economic vagaries that can be gathered together.
The great opposition to railroads in this country
is based upon the belief that they unduly interfere in
politics, and this belief is justified by certain aggra
vated instances of such interference. Whereupon, in
stead of instituting measures to prevent the offensive
nee in politics of tho-e artificial persons called
corporations, the pseudo reformer? plan a campaign
based upon a prophecy of important economic effects
which are to follow Government ownership and oper
ation of railroads. The operation feature is some
times modified, as it was in this State by Judge Ma
guire, in the proposition that the Government shall
own the roads but permit their use on the livery
stable plan, by letting any one use them who has or
hires a locomotive and some cars. But this is so ob
viously impractical that the concrete proposition of
public ownership and operation stands as representa
tive of the scheme of the state communists.
They advocate this because in other countries it is
in operation. The nation that has gone farthest on
this line of state railways is Germany. There they
are owned and operated by the Government. Germany
is the best bureaucratic government in existence. Its
organization is the most intensified, and its directing
hand is felt in more ways in the life of the people
thin has ever been known before.
Recently the managing director of the leading Ger
man steel plant made a tour of observation in the
United States to study our capacities in his line of
business. He publishes the results in a Berlin paper.
In the metal trades he finds our conspicuous advan
tage to be in the use of machinery. "In America," he
"we find what seems to us an astonishing sub
stitution of machinery for manual labor. Only in the
n) ost details is hand labor employed. Sin h
t and skillful application of machinery offers es
pecial advantages in a time like this, when manual
labor is costly and difficult to obtain." An equal ele
ment in cheap production here he finds in the sur
prisingly low railway rates. He says: "The American
railway system far surpasses in cheapness and effi
ciency of service anything known in Europe. Freight
cars of all classes far surpass in size and carrying
capacity those of the German railways, and the cost
ol frciqht per ton per mile in the United States is
only 27 per cent of what it is in Germany."
Putting these two elements of cost in production
together, he concludes that when the demand for iron
and steel in the United States slackens there will be
a surplus for export to Germany at prices which Ger
man manufacturers will be unable to meet, especially
in heavy plates, structural metal and rails.
We do not suppose that any observations and con
clusions, or facts themselves, will make any difference
with the political fanatics who hope to win by an
tagonizing everything that is. But these reports of
foreign observers who visit us to study the conditions
of our production and distribution will not be with
out influence upon the men who choose to think.
With distribution by rail 73 per cent cheaper on
American roads than on the state roads of Germany
the productive power of this country has such an ad
vantage as to obsolete all arguments for state owner
ship here, based on comparative rates of transporta
tion. Therefore the plan for Government ownership
in this country will end, if adopted, in magnifying the
real evil of political interference without any economic
benefit to offset it.
Under our system, by a seeming necessity, every
business operation of the Government becomes a
factor in party politics. In war and peace, wher
ever the Government appears as a producer, a car
rier, an operator in any form of business, the party
that happens to be in power stands as a partisan
beneficiary. Give into the hands of the Government
the ownership and operation of our stupendous rail
way system, and very soon, instead of the people
owning the Government, the Government will own
the people, and the political evils now laid at the
doors of railway management will appear as trifles
compared to those which would follow.
The path of progress for this city lies along the
proposed panhandle extension, and if that be not pro
vided progress will be balked.
OF all the election contests that have arisen in
this country to perplex judges the oddest is
one which now frets legal brains or lack of
brains in Maryland. The decision of the case involves
a determination of the exact point in the complex
proceedings of the Australian ballot system at which
the voter can be said to have voted.
The issue arose in this way: J. B. Burnett of Tal
bot County went into a booth on election day and
prepared his ballot. Just after he had marked it and
had it ready to deport he dropped dead The ballot
that he had prepared was afterward carried to the box
and put in, though it was protested at the time by the
Republican election officials. Mr. Carrington. the
Democratic candidate for State's Attorney, has an
official majority of one over Mr. Mulliken.the Repub
lican candidate, and it is claimed that this one is the
ballot cast for Burnett by the election officer.
It is maintained by one side that a man has not
voted until his ballet has boon deposited in the ballot
box. It is claimed by the other that a man votes
when he makes out his ticket, and that having con
formed to the law in making it out it then becomes
the duty of the election officials to put it in the box.
It is further argued that the election officers have no
right to refuse to place the ballot of a properly ac
credited voter into the box after it has been made out,
so long as it is in legal form.
It is ■ pretty question, and. whi'e a similar ca-=e j s
n<.t likely to occur, other ca?r* may arise the deter
mination of which will depend upon the decision a*
to the point at which the act of voting is com;.
and for that reason the decision of the Maryland case
.will be noted with interest
PUBLIC OWNERSHIP.
(\ MARYLAND ISSUE.
FIRST PHOTOGRAPH EVER TAKEN.
The first photographic portrait from life ever made was of Mrs. Dorothy C.
Draper of Hastings, N. V.. who posed for the picture In 1539. Her brother. Dr.
John W. Draper, who had been greaOy interested in the experiments Of Daguerre
and Nlepee. took the likeness, which has since become famous. It Is now In me
collection of Sir John Herschel. It is a long time— half a century now— since Map
Draper, in the quaint bonnet and gown of the period, sat for her picture, which
is still In an admirable state of preservation. As i faithful and beautiful likeness
It has never been surpassed by modern photography. As a curiosity It is one of
Sir John Herschel's dearest treasures.
It is a long step from the daguerreotype of fifty years ago to the wondeiful
photographs of 1899. Prom the tlrr.o of the discoveries of Wedgewood
in ISO 2to the successful completion of the daguerreotype process by Daguerre in
1533 the only pictures taken were or still life. Evna when the daguerreotype was
in its perfection long exposures were required, varying from three to thirty min
utes. V.'ith a strong sunlight five minutes was considered by many photogra
phers the requisite length of time to take a portrait. " '
The method of obtaining daguerreotypes was complicated. First, a brightly
polished rliver plate was cleaned with pumice, olive oil and nitric acid and aft
erward brilliantly polished with a sort buff. The plate was then placed, face
downward, resting on supports, over a saucer on which had been scattered frag
ments of lodine, covered with gauze. The vapor from the lodine formed upon
the plain a surface of silver lodide, which Is the sensitive compound. The stago
of maximum sensitiveness was reached when it -*-aa of a golden orange color. In
this state the plate was Inserted In the dark slide of the camera, ready for expos
ure. The pictures were beautiful, bu copies could not be made. Not until Dr.
Draper's successful venture was the idea of using the daguerreotype as the
means of perpetuating the likeness of individuals considered feasible. He opened
a new and fascinating realm to the photographer.— York World.
JOHNNY REIFF, THE MIDGET JOCKEY,
WILL STUDY IN AN ENGLISH SCHOOL
JOHNNY RF.IFF. the peer of the mld-
Jget Jockeys of the world, has set a
new standard for the boys who ride
the bangtails. Little Johnny, who has
made a larger fortune before he Is 15
'if uku than many men accumulate
in a lifetime. Is going to educate himself.
He wants to be not only a smart Jockey
but a smart man, and in this shows a dis
position which dots not characterize the
majority of boys who make money
by riding on tho racetrack.
li.in* haj l>-«.-ii riding on the English
tr;i<ks tor •'!.- linn of Duke & Wlshard
at a stipulated s.i!ary of |15.""0 a roar.
Jlis success during the season Just closed
arkable that he aehi< v.-d great
popularity and became as conspicuous in
England v Tod Bloan <iM when l.
■1 tiim >n his career across tho water.
Attentions from royalty did not turn tho
little la : ■ bead, and last week he entered
an English school. With a chance of re
turnlng to America and making pU-iity
'■f money on the winter tracks, h<- has
done, more than othvr jockeys in prefer
ring to cultivate his mind. When he left
his home In Wichita, Kan., two yearn ago,
against h.s own wishes and with
out having bad th.- advantages of more
than ii few winters In the public school.
he was as iKiinriint of tho ways and tricks
of jockeys as he was lacking in education.
He wont because his brother. Lester
lt<-iff. whn bad already won fame and for
tune on the racetrack, wanted him to
make the same attempt. Being a born
Jockey, he soon became the equal of his
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
A. Hopel, a traveler from Parla. Is at
the Palace.
E. S. Churchill, the Napa banker, Is at
the Palace with his wife.
O. K. Williams, a popular hotel man of
Ukiah, Is a guest at the Grand.
Edgar R. Smoot is registered at the Oc
cidental from Washington. D. C.
Edward W. Runyon of New York Is In
the city on his annual flying trip to the
coast.
G. C. Davis, well known in the business
world of Medford, Ore., is a guest at the
Grand.
Colonel John T. Harrington came down
from Colusa yesterday, and is a guest at
the Grand.
J. T. Grlbblo. a wealthy mining man of
Nevada City, Is one of the late arrivals
at the Lick.
Paris Commissioner E. W. Runyon cam*
down from Red Bluff yesterday and Is
now at tho lace.
H. W. Monnast*?. one of the leading
business men of Portland, is among the
recent arrivals at the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. Drury IfelOM are at the
Palace from their homo in Oak Knoll.
They came to tho city to do somo Christ
mas shopping.
William 11. Averv, general agent of the
Japanese steamship line, has left for New
York on a month's vacation. Mrs. Avery
accompanies her husband on his trip.
Mr. and Mrs. D. Kuif< r. two prominent
•society people of Cincinnati, Ohio, arrived
in the city yesterday and went to th"
Palace. They are making a pleasure trip
to the coa.*t.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, IVc. tl.— Mr. and Mrs. W.
H. ChlekerlntT. Miss Emily Chickerlnß,
Harry t'hlck^rlng. Allen H. Chlckcrinß.
James Rossater of San Francisco are a!
Urn Empire. Allen Keith, Mrs. A. M.
Simpson of Kan Francisco. J. C. Kittle of
CaL, are at tho Holland. R. B.
Hockstadter of Ban Francisco is at th<>
H.iffmiin. M. Wiener and wife of S.in
Franelsco a-re at the Keth-rland. D. J.
Ifajrbury of Pan Prandsco is at the Plasm.
CALIFORNIAN3 IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, D«C. "1.- Mr. and Mr-
Anson L. Blake ami Miss Btanfbrd of San
Praadiea and W. N. Armstrong <>f San
tn at the Rhor< ham; William
orousrb of Ban Francisco Is at the
Arlington.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
THH ROTHSCHILD? If., Bishop. In\v>
County. CaL Tho parent or principal bunk
of tho Rothschilds is located la Frankxoii
. -.Main. Germany.
THH MAN WITH THE HOE-S. L. P..
:. If*. The celebrated picture "Th<»
Mail With tho HO6 M was purchased by
Will H Crocker of San Francisco for a
sum a little in excess of $4000.
TRUfTBBfI OF S<-HOOLB— George,
CKjr. The trustf-ps of tho Preston B
B M. I'r.pton. Varney W. i ;
iiml f'iiarii-H U. DtmtOtL Tho trust
tin' wiutti'T Si boo] are: <\ Prater, Wal
ter I.lndlry and Jamrn Hark.
TACK ON THE CALL-C. C. 8.,
ad, CaL Tho postage on the Sun
11, r.nuliir edition. Is 2 cents. A
Copy <>f tbfl Sunday Issue upon which a
'-•-cent utamp has been placed will cer
tainly M forwarded to ita destination
without <1< lay.
APPRENTICE IN THE NAVY— H.,
Glen Ellen, Oil. To apprentice a boy in
the United States nayy 'on this coast ad
dress the commander of tho Tensacola
brother. He weighs sixty-five pounds,
and can ride a horse that many a stronger
buy wuuld be unablo to handle.
Nine-tenths of the boys who ride race
homes have no schooling. Their career
begins usually when they are tots around
ible. They learn to exercise h
and later to ride them in races, [f
are in the least successful it means money
Dou to them and their parents, and
atay until ruled off the track or become
Incapacitated.
Although money Is the attraction whkh
keeps Jockeys In the business, few of
tli>in. unless they are In almost direct
Can Of th.-lr parents or because they ma
■ irly In llfo. save money from" their
lam incomes. Often parents v. ■
of the world's wealth is small see a
chance t<> llvo comfortably on the Income
;i in. re boy can make on the turf and
they encourage sons to rMo. Th- H-\fT
»...vs soem to be blessed with a different
influence. I,estf> r educated himself In
New \..rk while resting winters when
boys were riding on southern
tracks. He is now the owner of some
oil wells In Pennsylvania, and has an ln
t.r.st In some of the Duke & Wlohard
thoroughbreds.— Chicago Tlmes-HeraJd.
• • •
TOLEDO. Ohio, Dec. 21. -Lester Relff
and his brother John, whose performances
on the KngH.sh turf last summer attracted
the attention of the racing world, have
returned to their home at Cygnet, an nil
town south of h»re. The entire town
turned out to welcome them. The Reiff
home Is a humble cottage. The Jookeys
will build a more pretentious residence
boforo they return to England.
Yerba Buena Island, San Franctico Cal
and you will receive a circular of informa
tion.
JOHANNESBURG - Subscribe. City.
Johannesburg la a part of the South
African republic.
TRANSPORT HANCOCK— C. W. C.
Alameda. Cal. The United States trans
port Hancock, formerly the Arizona, went
Into the dork at the Union Iron Works
for repairs on August 5. 1599.
NOT PREMIUM COIN-L. A. C. City.
There Is no premium offered for a $5 piece
Of K'l nor for a dime of 1543 nor one of
1803. The selling price of the first named
Is from J7 60 to $8 50, and the dimes de
scribed from 40 cents to $1.
SCHOOL, DEPARTMENT-L. A. C
City. AJI teachers and employes of the
School Department under the new char
ter will be appointed by the Board of Ed
ucation. As the board has not yet been
appointed It Is impossible to know
course will be taken In regard to Janitors
In the public schools. From a reading of
the charter It does not appear that the
employes of the School Department will
come under the provisions of the civil ser
vice rules.
STAMPS— R. M.. Santa Rosa. Cal. The
Egyptian stump described In letter of In
uulry Is nne of the issue of IWW. It Is *o
common that it can bo purchased from
dealers for 1 cent if can . ntd If
un< an<eled. As to the Cape of
Hope stump asked about, the question
c:itini>t be answered without a know
of Ita : hrtjie. color and kind of ya;
which printed. There have b«vn moro
than a dozen Issues of the denomination
of 1 penny.
MANUFACTURE OF PINS— T. K. U..
La Mirada, Cal. Under the old system
of making pins It required fourteen pro
cesses to make one. The head was put
on separately. Now. by the use of ma
chines. 200 pins are turned out a minute,
ready to be tinned and put on paper. The
pins are put on by machinery. The ma
chine crimps the paper and holds it. while
the pins are brought up in long row*, a
whole row being stuck on by one push of
a lever. In the United States pins are all
made by the new process. In a few places
in Europe the old plan Is still followed.
ORDER OF INCARNATE WORD— A. I
N., San Jose. Cal. Th* Order of the In- 1
carnate Word and Blessed Sacrament was
formed by Venerable Jane Chezard de
Matcl at Lyons, France, In 1625. In 1792-93,
during the terror of the Revolution, its
members were expelled from France, but
wero re-established there again in 1827.
The rale is that of St. Augutslne and Is
subject to the local Bishop. The houses
are independent of each other. In \<>Z
the first American foundation was made
at Brownsville. Tex. To-day the sisters
of that order have convents at Victoria
Corpus Christ!, Houston and H.illetvllle
On the first of the current year there were
12b sisters, five academies and 315 pupils.
The. Sisters of Charity of the Incarnate
ord have tho mother-house at San Anto-
PioP i - J£- T nls congregation was founded
in 1S&? by the Rev. Mother M. Angelifiue.
superioress of the Monastery of the In-
T? n i2h l } n Wo 1 at Lyons, Prance, and the
Right Rev. C. M. Dubols. then Bishop of
Texas. .Their rulos and regulations wore
£ivon thorn by , that monastery's religion.
The first foundation was made at Galves
ton. Tex. In ISO the house at San An
tonio was opened. There are now two dl«
tlnct centers, one nt Oalveston and the
otnrr at San Antonio. Th»» first general
Chapter of the San Antonio community
wan held In August. 1597. The perpetual
professed number 112. professed novice*
£l novices 50. candidates II; total. 259
The sisters conduct houses in the diocese
of ban Antonio. Dallas. Galveston and tho
v carat e of Brownsville, also In the arch
dioceso of Linares and th- diocese of Sal
letio, MEXICO.
MORGANATIC MARRIAGES-J. I,
Colgate. CaJ. A morganatic marriage h
fiometlmes called a left-handed marriage
Among tho feudatories of th. Lombards
and other branches of the Teutonic race
the name was applied to the endowment
SriA wif Vr n \ he mo , rnln X after murriaKe
with a limited portion of her husband
fortune; subsequently it was applied tc a
marriage between a man of exalted rank
and a woman of inferior position, she b" -
Ing. however, only entitled to th m*r
gengabe (morning gift) without partak
ing of his rank or transmitting nny
rights In the Inheritance of the hu'bnml
to her children. In present use th« word
designates a lower sort of matrimonial
union, which, an a civil engagement. • »
completely binding, but fall* to conf«r on
th.- wife the title or estate of the hu*bnnd
And on the children th»» full Rtatna of le
gitimacy or right of Buccr^lon. T.'io
members of tr.' German princely hous/s*
have for centuries been In the practice r.f
entering Into marriages of this kind with
their Inferiors In rank. Out of this OMtsa
has gradually sprung a code of mntri
nionial law by which the union of prlncn
with person* of lower rank In other thnn
morganatic form Involves st-rlous conso
quence3, especially to the lady. Mcr
ganatlc marriages are recognized not
only among the princely families but
among the higher aristocracy of the •■m
plre. and In Prussia even the * f NI* > tJ»-r
Adel" may contract unions of this kind.
The royal marriage act 12. George 111.
chapter 2, reduces to a position somewhat
like that of morganatic marriage cvtrv
union In the royal family of Great Britain
not previously approved by the. sovereign
under the great seal, providing the prtu<»
entering Into It la under 25 years of a<B
and every such marriage of a prince over
25 which Is disapproved by Parliament.
LIGHT BATTERY— O. X.. City. After
Light Battery A of the National Guard
went out of existence the guns were left
In the Armory on Pacific avenue, near
Polk street, and no one wishing to tak-»
charge of them or pay for storage, th>»
owner of the armory being told that h»
could do what he pleased with them,
hauled the guns to a vacant lot fronting
on Polk street, between Uroadway an<l
Vallejo street, and there they rrnialn-'.i
for a long time, becoming corroded ancl
useless. The brigade commander In IV*.
Mild that they were unsafe, and that h<»
would not allow a man of his command
to tiro one. The guns have dlsapp«.*tre<l
from the lot and have probably gone t >
the Junk shop.
A DOLLAR OF lWt-M. B. 8.. Oak
land, Cal. This department has M sev
eral occasions explained that by ;i
typographical error In a lengthy article
In a Sunday supplement It had been mad«
to appear that there was a premium of
IKXK) for a dollar of 1534. when It shouM
have been for a dollar of I*o4.
COMIC OPERA IN
PANTS IS POOR
HAT mysterious person who presMea
I over Th" destinies of comic opera or-
I ganizations of to-day, and ■ : -.-•
title, whatever It may be. Is harrtly
as impressive as "Impresario," w ■■;. t
as certainly reject "Dlo Fledermauj"
were it submitted to htm as the editor of
the Century Magazine would reject "John
Gilpln." This Is not a pro that Strauss'
opera and Cowpcr's poem are without
merit. Each has Its place among tho
lesser classics; but neither fits in with re
cent taste nor can either retrain It* 'cst
popularity. The plot of "Die Fledtr
mam," which is merely the elaboration
of a practical Joke, has In It only that
dubious kind of humor which Is amusing
to its perpetrator and to nobody else. It
may have a certain amount of social
satire th it amuses on its native strafe,
but we who are not of Vienna and not
moved to laughter by it tfnd it on tho
whole rather dull and stupid.
Moreover, comic opera In "pants" Is
a misfit. The triad garments of modern
civilization destroy all our cherished Illu
sions, cultivated by long contemplation
of the pock and buskin.
The Morosco company has excelled here
tofore In light German opera, but "Pl»
Fledermaus" requires a most energetic
performance to make it fro. If tho action
Is not swift It drags, and the music v. < ■■: ;
dash to make It Interesting A casual
performance Is fatal and it Is a casual
performance that Is being given at the
Grand. No one In the cast beems 4ble
to sustain the pitch for two consecutive
measures and all sing recklessly. In th«
central ensemble of the second art which
In point of fact Is quire difficult, the prin
cipals flounder so desperately that the ef
fect is about the same as on« might «-x
pect at a rehearsal of amateurs. ThT"
are several additions to the company t^at
I am sure would not be there If Mr. Hy
monson were rtlll in. control and the ef
forts of the dependable Mr. Wolff and
Miss Mason are futile against the crim
inal cacophony of these new-comers. It
Is only fair to Mis* I^adrt to say that *h«
has been overworked. Her voice shows
clearly, or perhaps I should s.i harshly,
that she is In need of a rest.
PORTER GARNETT.
Cal. glace fruit y>c per ib at Townsends •
Selling depot for Waterman fountain and
other gold pens. Sanborn. Vail A Co. •
Special information supplied dally M
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 610 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 104Z •
The Su-Ela Tyson Murder.
Dr. Samuel Newman, charged with th»
murder of Su-Ela Tyson by a criminal
operation, was yesterday held to answer
before the Superior Court by Judge Mo-
Kan on a charge of murder in the
decree, and his bonds were fix
The Judge will to-day renter his decision
in the case of Stephen V <
lover, who is also chanred with murder
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Sjrnp"
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
th» gums, allays pain, cures Wind Colic, regu
lates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by druggists in every
part of the world. Do sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. Xc a bottle
Personally Conducted Excursions
In Improved wlde-vestlbuled Pullman tourist
sleeping cars via Santa F* Route. Expertenee.l
excursion conductors accompany these excur
sions to look after th» welfare of passcartrs.
To Chlcaeo and Kansas City every Sunday.
Wednesday and Friday. To Doston, Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St. Louis
•very Sunday. To fit. Faul every Sunday ana
Friday. Ticket office. RS Market street.
HOTEL DEL CORONA DO— Take advantajra
of tbA round-trip ticket*. Now only JBO by
steamship. Including fifteen days' board at ho.
Tel: longer stay, 13 CO per day. Apply at « New
Montgomery street. San Francisco.
The Fastest Train Across the Conti
nent.
The California Limited. Santa Fe Route.
Connecting train leave* 6 p. m . Monday.
Wednesday, Frl lay an.l Saturday. Finest
equlppe-l train and best track of any Us* to th«
East. Ticket office. C 3 Market *t.
A Pilfering Clerk.
W. J. Lawson, who has been a clerk for
a week with the Columbia Cloak and Suit
House. Market street, was arrested yes
terday by Detectives Dlnan and Reynolds
and booked at the City Prison on the
charge of petty larceny. He was suspect
ed of stealing, and when the detective*
nearched him a mink boa w.i found in
hi 3 pockets.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Fuel for Force
Your body must have
force, nervous force, mus-
cular force, digestive force.
Fat is the fuel used to
supply this force. If you
arc weak in any of these
forces, use more fuel.
The cod-liver oil inScott'i
Emulsion is the best fuel
for this work. Your nerves
grow stronger, your muscu-
lar power increases, and
your digestion improves.
. Joe. and ft ao, ill tfraggist*.
\ SCOTT & SOWNE, ChcroUtt, New Ytch.STORIES OF INTEREST TO OUR CITY TAXPAYERS
BURNS PLANS A BLOW
AT THE NEW CHARTER
Health Board Will Contest on
Constitutional Grounds.
Barbat. Keeney and Payne Lined Up by
Health Officer Lawlor and Ordered to
Get Into the Fight.
MARSHALED by Dar.lel •; Bums
ar.d led by his creature, the San
Fmncisco Beard of Health, the
forces are gathering for a fierce
tsd combined attack upon the
r-trter. For Mtno wc^ks past It has been
v matter of general knowledge that the
c.ty was not to have the ordering of
things In Its new household without a
legal battle. One section or another of
the new civic law has been questioned by
different heads of departments, and It ha*
(•e*n all tut cfndally announced that two
tf them. If nc more, would at the ; roper
time bring to a test In the courts the
legality cf Its civil service provisions.
Now. however. th« constitutionality lt
tclf of the charter Is to be made the point
cf attack, ar.d with the sole object that
Colonel Cures may keep within his dis
position the valuable patronage of that
quasl-raur.iclpal institution, the Board of
Health. Rumors cf the antagonism of
that body to the charter have been la the
air ever tince — Supreme Court handed
down its decision In th« suit of Martin
Fragley. but they have been denied by
tneabers of the board at every oppor
tunity. Every one connected by the
grace of Burns with the Health OfSce.
fr^m the messenger to Health Officer
Law'.cr. has protested upon every occa
sion his fealty to the city's new law.
They would rather Join Senator "Jack"
Hcxr en the resigned list than even
drear of a contest.
Nevertheless it has transpired during
the last week that these virtuous protests
have served merely as a cloak to conceal
the well-laid plan that has been formulat
ed ar.d put Into operation by Burns and
hi* axents. The < "all is «Lh!« m «••»• >•-,-,-,
ADVEBTISEaiEXTS.
RUNNINGSORE
Solid Sore from Knee to Instep.
Thought have to be Amputated.
Walked with Crutch. Almost
Wild with Pain.
Physician Said " Never could be
Cured." Tries CUTICURA.
Steep after First Application.
Cured in Eight Weeks.
I was aStrted with a terrible sere lef, eaaaed
bT a ret. . • became so Ipflam-ai that tl was
t>»«gbt It wccld bar* to t<e ampctaiad. Uj
physician aald that "It cos id aever be cored,
ilat tt weald resaia, a ruoalac »-"o oa acecact
of th« ;..».» Mi cf isy blood." Wbes I
(rot oct d bad I ccoid hard ttasd the paia, aod
had to ret alcsg Vftfc a crutch. I tried all k!Bda
of blood aad -•.<■." ißiHrtaua saccess, my
i' i fusf worse oaf. U became a ooHd sore
:• -a rar ksee la lsa^p. Utterly Hscccracsd
aad a!ao«t w ...: --6 p«ia. Innup tn deepelr,
:•-.-. cy cUad .... death 1— be a sweet
relief. Casoa:.y ptcklsg up aa c i paper, I
Bctleed th« c-f.f./s of a man who ltd teea
cired tyCmctu remedies. aCtcted like my-
—'■t. I l=aedisi«:y procured the Ccricrß* Be-
•oltiht, Cctiotb* tf~»r. and Crncru (olaw
crct). Tbe.4»«f arp/ifa^ono/CLTicvaufotst-
c*st),aflcr carefaSr washing try ♦•» w;it warm
waicr aai pesty cf the Cniccu 6<ur, gar*
r*f to ratcA rr/i*/ M«* / t»i« c * > ta tltrp ortr
%aU of t\t «<„-*!, aad aft«r the third ♦5 I rested
well etrry eight. I west go ixrroTltif . and la
ctartly et^ht weeks frota ta« vise : beyaa ta*
cse cfCrricriu rersisJlea I waa ab'.e to ratura
to By trade ' carpeat«Tii»-). «■ aad soaad.
T. C. KRISOOE,
Acf . I J. ISSS. liitT.Hcn^T AUasta, -a.
CUTICURA
Begins with the Blood and Ends with
The Skin and Scalp.
That is to esy It r=n2»s u»e b'ood aed circa-
latln- Calls ot 11- . n Ozax*. aa<i ■ irtaom
tie mum. wtli« warni tstia w!U»CPTtcr«» SeiT.
ail c'-f arolr Ur.«t w'.ta Crnerii (cJcrcect).
irr?t.:est cf esclilert %k'.n care*. c!eas«e tbf »kta
aad •*■»:? <^f rrc«t» and »c«l»«. a'.lsr Itcfclr.r.barn-
!.-.«••-. 1 .-;■.».=■.-»:>-.. ».-.<.'h« »..- . i .i'»: Thntare
tpttZily. permaoPMly. aM ecoar«ic»ry ecred
tao dmi tortarti^. tfisfc^irir.f hsaors of tae
»k!a, se«'.p ant M'-od. w'.ta :..«■ of h»tr, when the
be*t ptyaidaij aad >.l other r^aediea fail.
RoMthroc»*inctti«»-»Ll. P>iTtnO.««3C.Cai»,
t.jlT ,-«,lw. i "Hf«coii-f i.nfjlii.c«r."(«fc
BABrS SKIN tsr*"
DONATION DAYS
— or the —
CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL
December Zist. 22d and 23d.
DO NOT FORGET THE
SICK CHILDREN.
Desaticse cf r.cr.ey. rr-«c»rlrs. «-lctt!Tn. .
llr.ru. fuel, drjira. »tc.. WItX. BH SENT FOR (
»•. *Ny time <Jen!cr.a?el cr w?'.l t* rratefaUy !
r*«*Hrrl ty the Ikonatlc.n Day Committee at
CO'CLTER P.IiOS.. in Sutler st.
j77 ..
• ——.♦♦•*— — • •
• |-* .uurr. cctafen. ooovenlesoaa. «
i c->.r.r Ms) ■ strata charr** care I
, t iifa tba I
| PALACE and I
grand:!
« • '
# hctels a rew> that :• kacwa »h«r. ♦
, ever the Encllsh Usraac* Is <«»n. *
, Ccrrected t-j • ret. -•'I passaexway— . .
a 1436 recess— •s" with taths. # I
I JOHN C. KIKKPATRICJC. V«-.»r— . I
Pill I 1 1 11 1 1 ******* «»'* J or nj i
RUPTURE
11l I I 1 1 1 I mansfieuu & ron- 1
lIUI I U • •■- rVAIFIELV. Ul Mar-
kit St.. I en ■ r.ctsoo.
DR. GROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
FOR THK CURB 25 ' N" r R»<HOKA.
Glaata. Strtcturea and asa.c«oua «.uc«.
T • ts a* taw < 'r«an» of C aeration.
1 price n a bottle For M".» ty drecrlsta.
Wriftifs Mian Vegetable Pills
» r.t ACKNOWLnucED ur .iiocsands
A cf rrnooi who have used them for forty i
ZsmT •« eJMwnCK HEADACHE. OIDDUoSsJ !
CxSVnPATION. Tcrpld Liver. 'Weak Stcs*
-- X PUZ£lea «Dd VK'.4 **v Ws* 4 - - i
i authority end without fear of contraven-
I tlon that three members of the Board of
I Health and Dr. William P. Law Health
Orticer. and also Mr. Burns' agent on the
board, will contest the appointment by
Mayor Phelan of their successors under
the provisions of the charter.
Those of the board who have agreed to
take Burns" bidding In the matter are.
Dr. William B. F. Ba.rbc.l, Dr. Redmond
W. Payne and Dr. J. W. Kteney. They
nave not only taken Mr. Burns' orders, but
; have entered with enthusiasm upon their
enterprise, and are so conrident of success
that they have boasted to the extent that
I the friends of the charter are Informed of
every point they will be called upon to
The Burns clique will rely solely upon
the constitution of the State In their tight
to hold oSlce. Section SM of article 11 of
that document gives to municipalities
power to create and jurlsd'.cton over
Beards of Election. Fire Commissioners.
Police Commissioners and other bodies
necessary to a city's economy, but It does
not confer the power to create a Board
of Health. It gives that authority solely
to the State Legislature, and the lawyers
I who have been consulted by Mr. Burns
hold that the Legislature cannot delegate
the fame authority to a municipality In
the face of the express provisions of the
t^i«titutlon. The Burns people further
c;jJm that when the San Francisco Board
: of Health waa created It was not Intended
to be purely a local Institution, but wan
riven Jurisdiction over the health condt
| lions and affairs of Sausallto and other
suburban territory beyond the limits of
the city and county. That it Is now noth
ing more than a local body exercising au
thority over none but local affairs, they
claim, is due solely to the past manage
] nur.t of the office and not to the provi
sions of the law which created It.
All of these facts or fictions are of Mr.
Bums* discovery- His attorneys, and not
thr>^o cf the Board of Health, were set to
work finding flaws In the charter. Burns
communicated them to the board through
Health Officer William Lawlor. when he
made known, by the same agent, his de
sire that the charter be contested In every
c!au*e which had reference to the Board
of Health. Mr. Burns did not call the
members of the board In for a general
conference; he does not do his work that
way. as wa? amply demonstrated during
the recent session of the Legislature. In
stead he Intrusted the whole matter to Dr.
Lawlor. and since early In November that
official has beer. working up the plan with
the members of the board. Dr. Barbat
favored the scheme from the start. As
Burns' private physician and political con
fidant he was ready for any order that
might come down to him fmra his chief,
so long as It should not Jeopardize his pro
fessional standing r.or hi* reputation for
honesty and Integrity.
Dr. Barbat does not consider that an at
tack upon the charter damages either.
Dr. K*er>ey came next, and then Dr. Law
lor began wooing the Immaculate Dr.
Payne Payne was Just a bit coy for a
time, but the plausible Lawlor arguments.
In which good citizenship and Its rewards
were set forth from an essential Burns
standpoint, finally prevailed, and at a lit
tle heart-to-heart talk ween the three
and Dr. Lawlor at the Zlnkand. on
Wednesday night, the whole thing was
settled, and Colonel Burns has been duly
Informed of Lawlor's glittering success.
Dr. Coffey was approached on the
scheme. It Is sail, but positively refused
to have any conn»*ctlon with It. When
seen last night he said that he had heard
M th*> plan, but that it had not been dis
cussed with him.
"I would not go in on It If I were askel."
Fald he. "My private practice and my
position with the railroad company re
quire all of tny time and I am better out
of politics than In It. Besides I think the
charter expresses the will of the people of
this city. It certainly expresses mine;
and I have no desire to feat any of the
reforms or changes It Is Intended - ac
complish."
LANDINGS FOR
SAUSALITO AND
TIBURON BOATS
•
Everybody Is Satisfied
at Last.
c
COMMITTEE AND COMMISSION!
.
A comtr.itt«e appointed by the residents :
! of Maxin County met the Harbor Com
missioners yesterday and aired their i
grievances. The people who travel by th« |
I Saucaiito rr.d Tlburon ferry st»>amer« did i
i not want their landing 1 places changed in j
| order to make room for the Santa Fe. At
, a recent conference of the railroad people j
j and the Commissioners the Santa Fe ad j
waa given the Tiburon *lip. the Tlburon i
', road took Ihs) Sausallto slip and the Sau- ;
j f>alito road was then compelled to take i
: a Blip that la outside the new ferry depot. J
I This latter part of the programme tvsui I
i what caused all the trouble, as the tray- I
I clem by the narrow-frauge most decH*d- J
; Ijp objected to belr.g left out in the cold.
The meeting yesterday lasted for near- t
ljr two nours and after Commissioners
Kliburn, Harney and Ilerold had cx
plalnt^J the situation and shown the dele
gation uhat they proposed dolr.jr evr-ry
! body waa *«tisf.ed and the committee will
■ co and rer-crt to the people of Mnrln.
I \Vhen the rreetlne was callwi to order
' yesterday there were present Judee f.
I Jd. Angdlotti. Joseph H. Wlikins. Ger.tial
I John 11. Dickinson. J. \V. Athcrton. Cum
i modore Harrison. P. Williams. H. A.
' Gorley. E. B. Martinelli. G. B. Hutlcr
j I^jvell White. J. B. Stetson. A. W. Fo»
! ter. Harbor Ccmmissionern Kilburn. Har
| r.ejr and Hero!<J nnd Chief En^infer
I ll.i'.m'S. The speakers for the people of
! Marin werr Mc*fcrs. Gorley, Butler. At h -
! erton. Angellotti. Harrison. Dickinson,
| Williamn. fctetson and Foster.
The buriea of their thtme wr.s that over I
I two millions of people are carried y«-ar- j
: ly by the Tjburon and SausaJitn frrries.
, while at the most the travel by the Santa
I Fe will not exceed two hundred thousand.
It was therefore neither fair nor logical
to squeeze the two old established roads
out 10 make room for a newcomer. Scma
of the speakers drew attention to the fact
that the Sausalito passengers would faavo
to land In the rain and mud. while the
other people would enter the Ccrry depot
dryshod.
At considerable length the Commission
ers exr>lAi nert what was proposed to be
done. The SauMlito and Tlburon wait
ing-rooms will be In the new ferry di-pot
just the same as at present, only In a
different location. The pascenKers will
have a few more feet to walk, but It will
be under a covered way and mere will
Ibe no puch thins as rain or mud. The
members of the board then took the m
! miture downstairs and showed wha k it
was proposed to do. The Marln people
] were tnta satisfied. .
TIIE SA^ FKA^CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 22. IS'Mf.
LAWYERS FIND
WEAK PLACES
IN THE CHARTER
Faults Must Be En
dured Three Years.
TIME LIMIT OF AMENDMENT
Method of Levying Assessment on
Private Property Contrary to the
Provisions of the Federal
Constitution.
The r<»w charter will go Into effect on
January S. two weeks from •:• xt Monlay.
Several lawyers of ability assert that It
will on that day place an embargo on
■treet and sewer Improvements at the ex
pense of private property such as has
rot been seen la this city since the con
stitution of 1573 demanded that street as
sessments should be levied in advance
cf the award of contract— a provision thai
had to be repealed almost Immediately
after Its adoption
Doubtless this news will spread Jubila
tion among the Silurians and make glad
the hearts nf the curmudgeons: but what
of the anticipated era of "progress" which
was to appear on Christmas. 1599. as a
sort of fin de selcle present to the people
of San Francisco? Instead of progress be
ing ushered In by the new charter three
years of 3tangnatlon In street and sewer
Improvements may result. Following Is
the text of the argument advanced by
lawyers *:. predict a period of stagna
tion:
The eecoad chapter of article VI of th«
new charter en:r»-»'r« the Board of Public
Works to recommend, and the Supervisors
to ».-..■. -:;- ■.:. performance of street work
at the exr*r.s« of adjacent property. But
the method provided for levying assess
ments and creating Hens upon tha lots thus
benefited is unconstitutional and void.
la the case of Norwood vi. Baker (ITI U.
6. Rep.. JO' the- United States Supreme
Court— of whose reasoning all the subordi
nate tribunals of the country stand la iv«
ar.d trembling— that any method of
levying assessments for public Improvements
a*, private espena* which does rut establish
as equitable apportionment of cost according
to benefit Is In conflict with that clause of
the Federal constitution which forbids a
State to deprive a person of his property
without due process of law. The new char
ter provides that assessments for street and
sewer work shall be levied by the Trent foot
and district methois without reference to
the benefits conferred on the property owners
BJMsaed.
Judge Burnett cf the Fupertcr Court of So
nera*. County. In the MS cf Slncley vs. the
Hetaiuma Pavln* Company, en May 14 last.
applied the doctrine of Norwood vs. Baker to
California, declaring the assessment system
of the Vrooman act. which Is subetantlally
reproduced in the new charter, unconstitu
tional. This rase has been appealed and
will be decided by the l^cal Supreme Court
In a f»w months, or perhapi weeks. There
Is not the 'lightest doubt that the ruling of
the Federal tribunal will be followed, not-
w:*h«:.-ir. iir.r th* front-foot methtxl ha* been
upheld by cur Supreme Court on seven dif
ferent occasions. In the far* i.' seven differ
ent presentations of the constitutional ques
tion, beginning In l««5 and ending in ISM.
The new charter must, therefore. N»
amended cr all street work un<ler It will
come to an t-nS the moment the Supreme
Court hands down Its decision in the .-ir,c>y
case. It will come to an end because con
tractors will not perform contracts un<ier a
law which derives them of their lien, and
becaa*e property owner* will not pay unless
th* ll«n for work performed can b« enforeM.
But how shail chapter J if article VI of the
new charter be amended? "Aye." as Ham
let said, "there's the rub."
Fifteen per cent of the voters may peti
tion th* Supervisors to submit to vote of
the peor'.e an amendment. rrcvSfleJ they set
forth what they want: but nj such peti
tion can be considered nnttl January 8.
:• : The State constitution (section i. ar
ticle XI) «;-ak!r.g of freeholder charters,
says
"The charter to ratified rrcy be amended
at Intervals of net less than two years by
proposals tfcerefor. submitted by the legis
lative authority or the city, to th* quali
fied electors thtreof, at a general or special
election, held at !east forty 'lays alter the
publication of such pmposals for twenty
da>c in a dally newspaper of general circu
lation tr. such city, and ratified by at least
three-firths of the qua! ' elector* voting
thereat and apprcved by the Legislature,
as herein provided for the approval of the
charter."
If an amendment M chapter ? of article
VI b» »übTiltt»d and adopted promptly in
January. DCS. a year must still elapse' be
fore it could he ratified by the Lrj-Ifiature.
The first I-*ul«lature after I9M meets in
January. !V1 Thus three >ear« of stagna
tion In street improvements are certain to
rreva'.l in this city after the decision In
th» Slngley cafe l« handed down.
The rullnn of th» United States Supreme
Cmsrt tr. Ncrwrcd vs. U*lc«r was made en
Pe'-.-.inber IS, 1?9«. nearly teVcn months
after the adoption of the new charter, but
more than a month pn«r to Its ratification
by the I>"«t»'.ature. The case was anried
and «übmltted. however, a year before It
was derided, and It was pending- when the
freeho!!"rs framed the plan of assessment
r.ow found In the charter. Evidently some
body has blur.-Vrrd. but tt Is Immaterial
now who the person la.
GITN PLANT FOR BENICIA.
The possibilities of the establishment of
a cun-assembllng plant at Benicia appear
brighter now than for a long time pas-t.
Shortly before the breaking out of the
war with Spain the officers of the Manu
facturers' and Producers* Association un
dertook to create an Interest la the pro
ject, and without any trouble obtained the
co-operation of alt of the commercial bod
ies In promoting the scheme at Washing
ton. The opening of hostilities put a stop
to further efforts, and the matter was
allowed to lie quietly until recently, when
the manufacturers again took It up. Let
ters were sent to all of th» Congressmen
and Senators calling attention to the pros
pective benefit, not only to the West, but
to the nation. In having a plant here
where the different parts of guns for the
army and navy could be put together and
moved to any desired point. In fact, the
largest of our warships could be ntted
cut while lying at the wharf of the Pa
cific's Inland sea.
This advantage was called to the atten
tion of the Secretary of War. who sraa
advised to peruse a favorable report made
long ago by a Congressional commission
appointed to look into the project. Yes
terday the Manufacturers' and Producers"
Association received a letter from Secre
tary Hoot, In which he say« that he ha 4
presented the matter to the Committee on
Military Affairs of th» House, which
means that he has approved of the pro
posed plant. Senator Perkins has also
written that he is working on the matter,
with every hope of success.
■ ♦ .
Calendars for 1900.
"California Violets." "California Wild
Flowers'" ar.d "Golden Popple!" ' are the
most popular calendars for 1900; price L- :
each. Catalogues and price list of all
kinds of calendars furnished on applica
tion. Sanborn. Vail & Co.. 711 Market. •
■ ♦ ■
No Fear When Death Draws Nigh.
"I have seen thousands of persons die
under all sorts of circumstances and never
yet have 1 seen one display the slightest
rear of death." TVs remarkable state
ment was made the other day by a phy
sician who has practiced many years in
Philadelphia and who has seen a great
deal of hospital service.
"It is a popular fallacy." he Trent on,
"to imagine that a deathbed scene is ever
terrible, other than as a parting between
loved ones. The fear of the unknown is
never present at the last. Even amid ig
norance end vice I have never experienced
such scenes as a novelist, who strives
after realism, will sometimes picture.
"When a patient is told that he cannot
recover and the end Is near he Invariably
seems resigned to his fate, and his only
thought seems to be of those who are to
be left behind. This is true alike of men
and women.
"Those who become hysterical and de
clare they are not fit to die are the ones
who are not as» ill as they think they are
They always get well.
"A r >'chological reason? . Oh. I don't
know. that there li any. It's just a human
trait.' 11 — Philadelphia Record.
FIRING FINAL SHOTS
IN BOND CAMPAIGN
North Beach Children Present a
Wreath to the Mayor.
Canvass Is So Complete That No Voter
Can Plead Ignorance of the Needs
of "New San Francisco."
A but three days aside from the
holidays are left In which to close
up th«» campaign for Improvements
the Central Club Is arranging to
employ the brief time to the nest
advantage. Six meetings were held yes
terday along the water front and
In the center of the city and this evening
there Is to be a big rally at Metropolitan
Temple. Th« work In the outlying dis
tricts has been very thoroughly prosecut
ed and the leaders of the organizations
favoring the bonds express themselves a3
being thoroughly satisfied regarding the
results of their labor.
Before the close of the week every
voter In the city will receive a copy of
the New San Francisco, which has b*en
Issued under the editorship of J. Richard
Freud and by authorization of the Pub
lic Improvements Central Club. The Illus
trated paper Is devoted entirely to tne
bond Question and Is intended to be a
guide and n means of Information to vot
ers. The N«»w San Francisco says:
Never In the history of B&n Francisco ha*
a grander opportunity presented Itself to the
»Me«-.Tker9 of this city than the proposed
bond •«»ues for permanent public lmprove
merts. The lsnr»r part of the expenditures
must necessarily go for labor. In truth, it I*
almost a question of work from the beginning
to the end. It. th» construction 'of .'.• Im
pr red sewer system, the new school building*
and the modern hospital. as well as ;n th->
preparation of the newly acquired land for
park purposes, the employment of labor will
be the first and continuing factor. How. there
fore, any workingman or artisan of any de
scription could possibly object to these con
templated Improvements passes the bounds of
reasonable credulity.
North rsca--h Solid for Pro^res>.
Dear May r: Th«» children of Ital
ian-American parentage 'if N'.r.h
:. an'l \-lclnity beg to present
• ken of their esteem
and gratitude for supplying them
with fine schools] and In beautify
ing and improving the city <>f their
birth With their little hearts they
plncerely wi=h you success In all
your laudable undertakings.
A band of pretty little children marched
upon the stage at Washington Hall last
evening and presented Mayor Phelan with
a large laurel wreath, while Miss Claudlna
Ghibaudlnl delivered the remarks quoted.
The meeting was under the ausplees of
thp Vnrth R»ar-h PrnrrAii ( "lnh nnii Ihm
DIRECTOR STOW
SEEKS TO BLOCK
KEMP'S SCHEME
Moves to Hold Specia^
Sessions Only.
ATTEMPT FAILS TO SUCCEED
An effort was made by Director Stow at
the special meeting of the. Board of Edu
cation yesterday afternoon to frustrate
any possible attempt by Director Kemp
to elect a batch of new teachers. Stow
moved that the rules be suspended and
that the board adjourn to meet only
at the call of the chair. In speaking to
his motion, which would do away with
the regular meeting next Wednesday,
Mr. Stow said:
"I believe that this board can transact
all the necessary business at a special
meeting called by the chair. I desire to
avoid any unpleasant scenes such as this
board has experienced at Its last two reg
ular meetings."
President Bergerot stated that there
would be no quorum at the next meeting
as several of the directors would be in at
tendance at the Teachers' Convention In
Sacramento. Director Heed said that he
was opposed to any such special meeting,
as only the named business In the call
could be transacted. The motion to sus
pend the rules was then put and lost.
Head and Kemp voting against it. Kemp
then is at liberty to attempt to put
through any scheme which he may have
In view on next Wednesday night.
Chairman Holbr of me Finance
Committee suggested that a* there are
sufficient funds on hand demands
amounting to 16000. Incurred In good faith
by the board in June of the last fiscal
year, be ordered paid. These demands
are miscellaneous In character and were
held up because of the deficit In the last
llscal year. It was decided that the Ft
nance Committee should confer with th*
Auditor and get his views on the matter
The board also passed th* warrant-" of
the school teachers for December and
they will be ready on Saturday morning
for payment. Treasurer Truman still per
sists In his contention that he will not pay
them, but the pedagogues will have the
warrants at any rate. Demands amount-
Ing to $>m". recommended by the Build
ing and Grounds Committee, were also
allowed.
LONG-LIVED PIANOS
WFRPP Are Standard Pianos
vvtvi T ~ the Weber is one *
J\.ri.i-<l^J^ ! Wehav; them in Baby Grands and Uprights—
And 5 Other makes' Cash or Installments.
01 a moo " y° u buy a poor piano with a useless guarantee It
PIANUb. Is not our fault.
C. F. MARTIN SHEET MUSIC 13 OFF T0 EVERYBODY.
mandolins ena ' ne Stradivarios and Amati Violin.
A nc j GREAT BARGAIN.
Clark Wise & Co.,
OPEN EVENINGS. Cor. Geary St and Grant Aye.,
large hall was filled. The Mayor pleas
antly acknowledged the honor and said
that if the parents of children are as 1:.
terested In their city as the little one.* are
there could >>»• no doubt about th« result
of the elections nc-xt week. The Mayor
continued his speech ana congratulated
the poople of North Beach on the Interest
they are showing In measures from which
tbmy will certainly derive a great benefit.
A. Sbarboro said:
"I conscientiously believe that the is
suance of bonds will enhance the value of
property from North Reach to the county
line and from the ocean to the bay.
"The people who wt lk. receive the money
for their property on the panhandle will
purchase land In all parts of the city. The
laborers, mechanics and artisans who
work at the extension of the park and to
build new houses wilt come from all parts
of the city, and consequently the shop
keepers an<l merchants generally will de
rive their benefits in all parts of the city.
"North Beach will be materially bene
fited by the improvements, as you will
have the following schools: Lafayette
Primary, corner of Kearny and Filbert
streets, an eight-class room new building
of stone and brick to cost J30.0P0; Broad
way Grammar, Broadway, between Pow
ell and Mason streets, four additional
rooms, to cost WO.000; Garfield Primary
School, Union street, between Kearny and
Montgomery, a new elghteen-class room
building of stone and brick of modern
architecture, to cost HO ■•• Washington
Grammar School, corner of Washington
and Mason streets, an entirely new eight
een-class room modern brick and stone
building, to cost $150 .000— thus making a
total of SSIO.OCO. which will be spent right
here in North Beach for the benefit of
your children of the present and those of
future generations.
"I also believe that In the near future
we will have a boulevard from the foot
of Market street to Powell, to Van Nes»
and along the water front to the Cliff
House, connecting with the beautiful
drive along the beach to Lake Merced and
thence into Ben If al County .which will
make one of the most beautiful scenic
and Interesting drives on the face of th»
globe."
Speeches were also made by L. A. Rra.
chairman of the club: Charles W. Reed.
N. B. Greensfelder, Major Lewis and
Charles A. Swelgert.
The following resolution wa3 unani
mously passed:
Whereas, On the JTth and »th of De-em
ber. I*3o. elections will be held to vote for
or against the l«»u«''<-» of bonds for the
permanent lmprovem»nt of the city of .-an
Francisco: and. wher»as. the money so to
be expended for said improvements will
' ■• circulated amonjc the r*°r> of this city,
thus benefiting our manufacturers, trades
men and the people generally: therefore be
It
Resolved. That the Nnrth Peach Progress
Club hereby Indorse and approve the t«i>u-
In* of the «a:i bond* and recommend the
erectors of San Francisco to vote In favor
of the same.
Enthusiasm *outh of Market
A largely attended mass-meeting for
the discussion of bond Issues was hold
last night at the hall of the San Fran
cisco Athletic Club. Sixth and Shlo'-y
streets. After several speakers had ad
dressed the meeting Chairman Jeremiah
Deasy adjourned it. thinking that Mayor
Phelan vrould not appear. The crowd le
ean to file out of th" hall, when the
Mayor entered and every man went back
to his seat to hear the Mayor's spoe<-h.
He spoke of the benefits that would ac
crue to the laboring man If the propostd
public Improvements were carried out.
"It will benefit every sect'on of the
city to build the panhandle." said the
Mayor, "and every resident will be Ml
the" better In health and mind by giving
him an opportunity to enjoy rest, recre
ation and an occasional glimpse of na
ture. It will open the various channels
of trade and Baa Francisco will awaken
to the <!awn of a new era when the pro
jected Improvements have been complet
ed."
Among the oth<«r speakers were P. N.
Wellln. E. A. Denlcke. Gustav Schnee
and A. S. Llllle.
Parks Necessities, Not LuxuHe*.
Supervisor Sanderson presided at a
meeting of the Forty-Qrst Assembly Dis
trict Improvement Club In Tiltor. Hall
last evening Charles Swelg^rt. Silas A.
White. W. I. Moloney. Dr. Cross. C. P.
Troy. Charles Alpers. Dr. Saifleld and
Ju:igf> Cooney spoke In favor of th sev
eral bond Issues, devoting especial atten
tion to the subject of the park extension.
The lonr'st speech of the evening was
made by Mr Sweitcert. He said that all
the great cities ot Europe and of the
United States had spent larg«« sums of
money in Improvements for the purpose
of beautlflcatton and health, and tho In
vestment had been profitable to them.
San Francisco had stood still and had
been afraid to Issue bonds to do th«»
work that needed to be done. If It was
said that the park panhandle extension
was a luxury, then it must also be said
that Golden Gate Park was a luxury on a
larger scale. But r.-a5 there too much of
the park" Would any on* In San Fran
cisco consent to the cuttlnc up of the
park? The panhandle extension would be
the means of putting millions of ,I., liars
Into the pockets of labor, and It would In
crease the realty values 1 In all parts of the
city.
Mr. Troy furnished a dozen excellent
reasons for the panhandle. A new point
that he made was that It would constitute
ft valuable firebreak In case a great con
flagration should ever originate In the
Wf«tfrn section of the city.
Silas A. White said he had been made
a convert to the panhandle during
the day. and had rrached the conclusion
that the panhandle was necessary by
traveling all over the line of the proposed
extension on foot.
VUsion Merchants in t inc.
The Mission Business Men's Association,
which comprises the storekeepers on the
Continued on Thirteenth Page
ADVERTISEMENT!.
,^__
I%!s Open Evenings This Week. *J Jj
It' Mothers! ;1
- Your boy's Christmas suit—
||i . let it be a good one— first class fs\M
S^^ in every respect. vM s Jm
Mx I You can afford it if you buy *^^
W&Q\ "from loom to wearer direct "
IK^fi and save the middleman's profit. <J£fiS
[j^ •*; 50 to 5; 50 at ordinary stores m;ans 35 -'(^
)A.\ V here. (For boys 3to 15 years.) '^'^Kj
ESfitjSs $ l 3 to $15 at ordinary stores m^ans 810 V'*^§J
K^v.y4 here - (For boys 10 to 20 years.) ' J• i i
■■> v V A wholesale assortment. We hive v. 7^-Q
'jr-w cheaper suits— ani better ones. AJA J
KfV .» No retail orders fi led outside of city an ! 1 *im
gsiN^S s ' Jb 'J rbs - ' \V-'i»'i
tjy?<*r' Wholesale Manufacturers of Clothing, ?J^'^9
g( 121-123 Sarsome Street. J^M^ 4l
A Suitable
Holiday Present
FOB MAN,
WOMAN OR CHILD.
Largest assortment of Gents' SilK
Drrss, D;rbirs and Soft Hats in all
shades and very latest Micks
Ladies' Walking and Outing Hats.
Children's Hats snd Caps of every
description.
LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICES.
San>Vtanci3ecf
a*
PDTTCIJT7C FOR nARBEj'.s. oak
DilUullLd * r< - bootblacks, bath-
? houstes. billiard tables,
brewers, bucktlntler*. cmsdy-maker*. canners.
dyer*, flour mill*, foundries, laundries. pap«r- j
har.gers, printers, painter*, shoe factorlts.
stablemen, tar-roofer*, lacner*. tallsrs, etc.
KUCHA* V i BROS..
Brush Manufacturer*, feu* Sacramento St
AMUSEMENTS.
LA SYLPHE.
The Moat Sensational Dancer in the World.
HARRIGAN,
The Fuar.lest Juggler of Them All.
MR. AND MKS. MILTON ROYLE AND CO.
In •'CAPTAIN IMPUDENCE."
GEORGE FTLLER GOLDEN.
Faller of Funny Str.rles Than Tver. •
Also GEnTRL'DE RfTLEDOE. MARION
and CLARA LLETWELLVN TUB AVERTS \
HAMILTON HILL a.-.d the RtOGRAPH.
R^serv'd seats. TZ<<~. balcony, lCc; opera I
chairs and box seats, 5Ac.
Special Matinee Christmas Day.
TICKETS NOW ' n S'LE
Next Week. EUGENIE FOUOERE, the Fa-
mod* French Chanteus<*.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
—
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
ERNEST HASTINGS,
The Funaiest Comedy en Record.
"DR. BILL!"
NEXT VVF.EKllßc£inn:nA with
Christmas Matinee,
CHIV^MIE FADDEN.
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
THE PEOPLE'S POPULAR PLAY HOUSE.
Uif »si Jots 6ti. P3o.f £ 80UTH 770.
: Our advance tales prove rnn- *:
: cluslrely that the "Troubadors"' :
: have won popular favor. :
TWO WEEKS.
BUT ONE VERDICT.
The- Greate«t Colored Show on Earth
BLACK PATH Traubadours
Everything New and Up-to-Date.
MATINEE TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
XTKA MATIN XMAS
POPULAR PRICES
Evening ISe. lie. Jlc. «0« and 7Sc.
Matinee Mr. :*.<-. TV- and Me.
Next-"FTNNIGAN*S BALL."
STEEPLECHASE !
CFHTr'AI PA -If lth * Market sta.-Opea
vCnln.ALrA'h jfiaUy rrwn 1 to v:*> d. m.
The Magnificent PUT of
HOLIDAY ATTRACTIONS
Includes
PROFESSOR HILL.
Th* Fearles* High Wire Artist.
THE KAZ2LE-DAZ2Ut.
The Jolllest Invention of the Century.
THE BICYCLE CIRCUS.
A Delightful Merry-Go-Round.
THE GREAT ROMAN CARROUEEL.
A Novel Hippodrome of WUd Beasts.
THE SHOOTINO GALLERY.
The Only D«r.ctn« Glass Ball Targets on the
Ccast and
ALL CONEY ISLAND IN FULL BLAST.
Christmas presents and toys to the winner* of
the races. Admission, 10c, Includes ride on the
horses.
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA THEATER ar-
CHRISTMAS OR NO CHRISTHJLS,
STANDING ROOM LAST NIGHT, AID
••DAT AINT NO Lit."
"THE HOTTEST CION IN DIXIE."
And the Beat Colored Shiw en : irth.
FAREWELL TO THE FAMOUS ORIGINAL
•CLuKINDV ' CHORUS.
SEATS NOW ON FALE FOR
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY.
Next SUNDAY NIGHT. P*c. 2*.
Presenting the CSreat. P>:«; Bceni«- Productloa et
the Wonderful Eastern Sucvess.
"CUMBERLA -l» »61 "
REMEMKER THF: CHRISTMAS MATINKE.
REMEMBER OUR POPULAR PRICE.-*.
Ever. . He. :oc. ZU. Matl-.ef. ;can I ZU.
SPECIAL.
Tues-lay. Thursday an.l TrMaT -kmmm.
December Kth. Bth an.J E>tt». at Ili
o'clock, the Only App*»rar.cm «: th«
Renowned Russian Pianist.
vLADLviR PACHiMAMV,
RESERVED SEATS-f?. JI 10. W.
On sale at ■''■••rrT^r. Clay ■ Co.> Jijsic Stcf*.
STELN'WAY PIANO (••'ED.
TIVOL! OPERA-HOUSE.
LAST TIME TO-NIGHT OF
TAR AND TARTAR.
NO MATINEE TO-MORROW.
Owing to th* Big Production
TO-MORROW EVENING
Of the Gorg'ous Extraraganxa.
'LITTLE 80-PEEP"
Played by » Gr»at Cast. Includlns
FERRIS HMRT/V\rtlN.
E*ery Evening. Matinee* Xrr.»9. New Tear**,
Katurtays.
POPULAR PRK.-E.o-Sr and Me.
Seata on Sal* ONE WEEK AHEAD.
Teiefhore Bus!) >.
COLUMBIA^:
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
• Tat Distinguished Actor.
» FREDERICK WARDE
Tccether with MR. in! MP.3. CLARENCE U.
PRUNE and an Excellent Oarasaiw
To-NlcM "ROMEO AND JTT.IET*
Pat. Mat.... -TUT: MERCHANT OF VENICE"
Saturday Nfjrht "VIRGINII'S"
Sunday "THE LIOJTI MOUTH"
Beg. NE-VFtONDjIV,
THE CHRISTIAN
Seats on Sale for First F*rm Performance*.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TKLETirONE MAIN tZS.
LAST THRKS NIGHTS —
Strau<«a' Dellsbtful Vt!u Opera.
DieFledermaus
miE bat> *
IN ENOLI9H
Oir.rSTMAf* DAT MATINKE-Mas^'Scea:
PrndJcllon of f>*vt<i MT.!»r«- n •
"SINBAD,"
PRICES-:**. Jsc. rte. We. We.
Good reserved Mat »t Hoturday mattn«e, Se.
Uranch T- • k. t O'Sct— Etuportum.
RACING! RACING' RACING!
1899-CALIFORSIA JOCKEY CLUB-1900
Winter Mt«l . DeretrbeT IS to Dec. tt, la«
clu»lve>.
OAKLAND RAPE TR*CK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday. \Ve4a-silajr. Thars-
<iv. Friday and Saturday. Rain ■ r iUm.
K'vi. oi r-.'.re races each day.
Races »trrt at 2:H p. m. «h.irp
Ferry-buats leave dan Kracctsco at it n. as 1
U »). I. l> 1. ; •> and 1 p. ay. e»ea«ctiac
with trains stopping at the entraiM>e f> ih«
track. Last two cars on train r«««nred tor La-
dle* and their escnrts: bo smoking. Day y ■:-
(rrry ticket* to Shell klnund. All tratika v i
Ctak)an<f mole connect with San PafcTu arenu*
electric cars at Seventh and Oroa.lway. (m'a-
land. Also alt train* via Atam^d-i mot* r-r.-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteeoih
and Broadway, Oakland These <••--•-*: cars
go direct t-> the track In fifteen rslaates
Rcturnlnip—Traina leave the track at 4.M anj
4:ii p m .ir.t Imrne^iatoly after 'M Last rac*.
THOMAS H. WILLIAM 3 .«n.. Prr*JJ«nt-
R. V. Mil TJOT. Secretary.
COJJCEBTS AND RESORTS.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
KVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
MAJOR MITE ....MAJOR MITE
The Smallest Actw on Earth.
In Hl* Gr*at Imitation of CORT.ILLE.
ETHEL ni'RT Cca«tlng the Chute*.
AND A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
SPECIAL TO-MORROW «. J itur !»:••) night.
The !!■:•?•! -i~ '. liveliest round* of the for
bett-Fltx»iramons and Jeffries- Fitsaiiamona
nghti. Pbon? for Seats-Park a.
78
NO RECOMPENSE
FOR SACRIFICE
TO PATRIOTISM
Government Roasted
by General McCook.
Staying at the Palace Hotel, where be
arrived last evening from Colorado, js a
gentleman who ha» done moro than a
little In making American history. ilia
name la Oeneral K. M. McCook. and his
present visit to this city, bo he pays. Is
taken with the Intention of finding out If
his rheumatism, from which disease he Is
r constant sufferer, will to benefited by
the climate of the coast.
General McOook Is now a very old man.
He himself gives his age us SC. and dur
ing a life that has been full of participa
tion In great events he has witnessed
many thrilling occurrence* that make
him, when he Is in the vein, a raconteur
well worth listening to.
l>orn on a frontier farm In Indiana, he
received his first education in a little 1"C
FChoolhouso. attending its sessions off and
en as his duties on the farm would per
mit. Aft soon as he bad acquired a fair
knowledge of the rule of three he left the
ptretttal roof and started out to make his
<>«n way in thw world and to pick up the
balance cf his knowledge as he wont
ulocg.
Since then he has been soldier, state«
mnn. diplomat. nn<! business magnate, and
fen* even addi'd Journalism to his many
other calling?. Now. in his old age, he
rest* content with the simple title of mil
llonnlre, traveling from place to place, an
his fancy <!lct:it«-s and enjoying the so
ciety of his friend*, among whom ate
numbered every distinguished living man
cf thin country and Europe.
He hns b*>en the Intimate of such men
ns Grant, Lincoln. Seward. Cutter. Fre
mont and the elder Vanderbllt. and his
reminiscences of these '.-. ■■ is persons are
replete with humor and Interest.
erlr.it the civil war as a KUbordlnato
oflictT In an Indiana regiment, he camu
out of the struggle with Utn rank of a
brigadier general of volunteers, and was
npjKilnted to a communion In the regular
army. He resigned almost mmedlataly
to undertake a mission from President
Johnron to the Hawaiian Islands that had
for its object the purchase of the terri
tory that has lately become ours by an
nexation. His mission was not accom
plished owing to the opposition it encoun
tered both from our own Senate and the
Islanders, but it resulted In the famous
trf-ity of reciprocity, from which this
country reaped so much ad vantage. After
that he was twice Governor of the Terri- ,
tory of Colorado and wa* twice offered
Cabinet positions under different adminis- i
trations, which he refused.
<r»ncral McCook was a warm personal
friend and strong admirer of the Jate
General Lawton. who had served under
him In the Civil War. He speaks In the
highest terms of the bravery and per
sonal qualities of the dead leader, and Is
very outer on the attitude that the
I.'nlted State* maintains toward the fnml
ll*s of those of h«r soldiers and sailors
who are slain in battle.
"It Is on outrage." said General Mr-
Cook last evening, "that the widows and
orphan* of the men who Five up their
lives for their country should be placed
Jn the position of mendicants, dependent
on private charity for the means to live.
No man in cither the army or navy can
araaw oven a subsistence to leave his
family unless hf Is a rascal or It comes
t" him by Inheritance. Dewey comes
home and Is made th« object of public
bounty, and when he uses the roods given
him as ho «*« fit he In vilified by the
«ntlro country. General Lawton. than
vhom no finer soldier ever lived, dies
In discharge of his duty and his family
have to be taken rare of by private sub
*crlptlon. No other country on earth
treats the families of Its herora •. this
manner, and it Is & shame and an out
rac«? that a government as powerful and
w< althy as this one cannot make some
decent provision for the men who die to
maintain it."
TIMEPIECE STOLEN
WHILE HE WORKED
Eobert Byenhart Loses a Valuable
Watch and Asks the Police to
Aid Him Recover It.
Ttnbert Ryenhart, a blacksmith em
ployed at i£s Spear street, visited pollco
headquarters lost night and reported the
lors of a valuable match and chain. He
fald the tlmrpiero waa taken from his
vest, which -.as hanging on the wall. He
*ald he Jld not like to oaat KUFpiclon on
h\f fellow-workmen, but he could not un
t!<T!»tand how an outsider could coma In.
-i3il take it while he was at work.
Mr. Hyonhart cavo the otrtcers In
dmrpe the r.umber on tho watch and a
description of th« article. He prized it
hlphly. because it was presented 10 him
ty a dear relative. Tho police will la
v«-stlpate 'he robbery.
BANKS OF THE STATE.
Reports Show That California's
Standing Is Excellent,
The reports of the forty-four Interior
B&Vf&s* K-Lr.ks, phowiriK the condition, of
business at the close of business hours on
the I_M day of November, have • •■'ii re
rrlvrfl by the State Bank Commissioners.
Tnt- footings show that the standinc of
all is th«- very best, aa seen by the fol
lowing totals:
RESOURCES.
Bank premises 031.W15
Ites.| Mill taken for debt :.uk2.«3i (»»
Mlpr»llaneou» bonds and Ftocks 6 7u'k<U>
Loans <in r^al estat* 7-i'tio 12
},>hii% on ttocks. bonds and w«r
, r " n '« •• C 55.954 47
Loans en other eecurltlrs (grain
_••«<•> 2ttCS5 70
I/«n» on ,'«-n>onal security and
merdralts 1 076 043 S3
Money on hand LMl.ni t>4
Kue ->m banks sr>d hankers  4 # o«. 074 06
Other — «► _____!_"
Total — X.-^-^^. ....»•» 245 303 75
n^^^nd 11 .^::::::::::::;:::::" tt.C44.OUOt
Uue depositors j4j 4 317" j;; j.
I>ue banks and bankers 'X, 69
Other U-bUUlca K>8.9«7 1*
Total liabilities .|40.:i5,ru3 75
Oriev«d Herself to Death.
Anna Maria Manny, aged 77. a native of
Switzerland, grieved herself to death yes
terday in thJs city over the death of her
hunb&nd. Simon Manny, aged 77 years
and 3 months. He waa also a nativu of
Switzerland. Over fifty years they had
Journeyed through life as man and wife
topether. They had no children and were
all tho world to each other.
When Mr*. Manny knew that her bus
band was dead she cried incessantly, lie
fore hi» demise she was in good health
and there w»-re>. H»'«-mingly. a few years
«f life left for h*r to pass alone. " The
physician who attended her. when her
grieving had made her very weak and
who was with her when Fhe died, said
that undoubtedly her heart had been sud
denly affected by her trouble. So the
fitori<s of the romancers were verified
Her faithful old heart broke. On Satur
day the aged husband and his true-heart
ed wife will be burled from (36 Washing
ton street and prayer* will be caid for
them both. Together they will make their
lost Journey out to Laurel Hill Cemetery
Golden Btate3's Christmas Tree.
Golden State Parlor NO. 50. Native
Daughters of the Golden West, held Its
Christmas festival last night In the ban
quet hall of the Native Sons' building.
Their Christmas tree at one end of the
hall, made bright with many lights, was
loaded down with numberless toys and
goodies for the little ones who were
formed In line to advance one by one so
as to receive from "good Mr. .Santa
Olaun." who for the occasion was pcr
f- mated by Miss M. Tletjen, what was In
tended for them. The children, to the
number of more than 100. were thus made
happy. Then the children of older growth
had their Christmas In the line of danc
ing, which was kept up until midnight.
The committee In charge of the festivi
ties wa* composed of Miss Rosa Day.
Miss L.lUle Uhllg. Miss Louise Meyer.
Miss Freda Van Staden, Miss Gussie
Srhade, Miss Annie Ackmann and -lisa
Lulu Hay ease©
So// 'Do foots TJhorne in ZJwo {Rounds.
2/ottow 7Jaii in Sroat Speed.
YELLOW TAIL
RAN LIKE A
WILD HORSE
Covered Six Furlongs in Fast
Time at Oakland — Some
Great Racing.
1..D Father Time
nibbed his eyes In
astonishment at the
electrifying bursts
of speed displayed
by the different
money getters at
Oakland yesterday.
The track was light
ning fast and one or
two records had a
close call. Probably
the most meritorious
X>erformance of the
afternoon was that
of Yellow Tall, the ten thousand dollar
beauty, in the free handicap for two-year
olds at six furlongs. Foster & Hacketl's
giant colt picked up 120 pounds and step
ping off the first half in :4?Va came home
as he pleased in 1:12 flat. He was ridden
by Eddie Jones and ruled a strong favor
ite in the ring. Southern i Girl made a
game but Ineffectual effort to catch him.
Erwin, a M to 1 shot, finished well the last
furlong, nosing out Flamora for the place.
Tappan. from the stable of Frank Doss,
was the only other winning favorite. The
disappointments were Fine Shot, Frank
Bell, Rosormonde and Sloe rite;.
In the last dash on the card Afamada
' defeated a half dozen of fast ones, at the
earns time equaling the California record
, for six furlongs of 1:12*3. The brown mare
hud' Jenkins on her back and was quoted
| asjrood as 6to 1. Leading from the Jump.
sHe galloped In two lengths ahead of Mo
corlto, the favorite, Sly was third, less
than a length farther away.
Barney Schrelber furnished the first fa
vortte in Fine Shot. The colt showed
speed but backed up, running unplaced.
May Gertrude, the well backed second
choice, won cleverly from The Echo.
The much-talked-about Frank Bell
started In the second event at five and a
half furlongs, with Eddie Jones up. The
Easterner ruled a stanch favorite until
tho coin went In on Midlove, when it m
hto 5 and take your pick. The pair named
fought it out from the start, tiring badly
as tho wire was r.eared. Searing this
stage Vittltoe brought the 15 to 1 shot.
; Sister Alice, up with a rush, winning by
half a length. Bell got the place by a
I head.
A stirring finish marked the close of the
mile and a sixteenth Felling run. Tappan,
the favorite, with Thorpe In the saddle,
getting the decision from Wyoming by a
nose. Spencer rode the last named horse
and made ail the running. Meadowthorpe
ran a fair third. The time. 1:4*4, marked
a fast run race, the mile being reeled off
In l:40&
To the weak ride of Jenkins rather than
the lack of speed shown by Hosormonde
could be attributed the victory of Ventoro
in the mile handicap. The Ormonde mare
had first call in the betting, carrying top
weight, 110 pounds. Jenkins allowed
Walsh, on the lightweight, to steal away
In tho lead, getting in in time to lose by
half a length In l:3i»\. Sybaris ran into
the enow.
Track Notes.
The Baldwin stable and Jockey Eddie
Ross have been exonerated from blame
for the poor showing made by El Es;ro
In a race OB Tuesday. It developed that
the mare struck herself during the prog
ress of the race, which accounted for her
stopping ;-o badly.
Owner "Bill" Murray is still Fore over
the loss of Tar Hill, claimed out of a sell
ing race at Tnnforan by Frank Doss. Al
ter Tappan had won Murray bid the
brown gelding up J.VW over ncr entered
selling price. Trainer Doss bid the u>uui
(5.
After the last event Spencer, who rode
Mocorito, was cautioned by the Judges
and told to try and Infuse more life and
vigor Into his riding.
To-Day's Entries.
First race— Futurity course; maiden two
year-olds; jurte:
473 Goldflnder 1071 44« I^ipzig 107
... Free Pa*s..-. 115 490 Corolla 107
482 Billy Moore 110 4«0 Saul of Tarsus. .lo7
•M Artilleryman ...HCI ... Glocoso 113
... Hyponax US 430 Red Cherry 107
400 Fllle d"Or 107 466 Slsquoc ..107
452 Caesar Young. ..llo ... Dona 107
<:•<"' Vantlne 115 244 Royal 8enga1. ...110
492 Uppercrust .10: 478 Limerick 107
4tS Tom Sharkey....lO7 455 J. V. Hayes 110
Second race— Flva furlong*: two-year-olds;
■tiling:
4r.4 Devereaux 113 404 Aborigine 115
4CO Tancka 10C W>2 Fine-Shot 105
... Galcne 115 402 Condara 115
430 Hllloulftte 11" Ml Fairfax 118
47S F. W. lirode 113 ... Slnuoso 115
4tii Giro llbl
Third race— Seven furlongs; three- year-olds
and upward; selling:
(4Sl)lnverary II 119 425 Meadowlark ....11:
♦il Delecta 107 496 Hamlet 114
...The Wooer 107 600 lie Happy 112
47« lndra 115 4?o crukt-r 107
4»6 via 107 252 Tirade no
401 Lady Britannlc.ll2 4-'iM.-n<la 114
498 Irady 122 497 Stuttgart 114
4«. Alaska 119 4SS Mainstay ill
Fourth race— mile; all ages; purse:
Ml Allenna M 495 Faunette 107
44; Constellator .... 87 601 Kickumbob . 87
431 lyucia 107 219 Rlxford 84
440 Tempo 110 478 Bogus Bill 87
IMP. A. Finnegan.lo7 1 406 Hattle Fox 84
412 My Gypsy 84|
Fifth Futurity course; three-year-olds
and upward, selling:
;4S6Uln|fle .Tingle 104 467 Rosa 1 bra 10«
4fe2 Aluminum I"'< 470 .Sallle Goodwin. .106
HI Sly 113 406 J«el 109
455 Pan-mint 1"» ... Letter 106
4»>: Montallade 109 130 Clarando <>s
489 Ttburon 101 497 Fa very ham 101
Ml AmiM 111, 4K St. ApoUlnaris..i&4
452 Beu Lcdl 110
Sixth race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward; selling:
<4S«)Casdale M too Ln«t,Glrl 103
486 Tom Cromwell. .lo9 <4i<.'.)o»culatlon 109
470 Mlk« Rice, 109 250 Monrovia 109
484 Horton 104 ... Benamela .. 103
479 Silver Tone.. Iw4 499 Stromo sig
4M Gauntlet 108 ; 463 Merry Boy 109
4» Imp Mistral 11. .112 ... Nilgar 107
Selections for To-Day.
First race — Saul of Tarsus, Eisquoc. Limerick,
Second race — Giro. Fine Shot, Galene.
Third rac«— eynla, Indra, Monda.
Fourth race— My Gypsy, Kickumbob, Faun
ette.
Fifth race— Ben Ledl. Tlburon.
Sixth race- Sliver Tone. Gauntlet. Osculation,
TRILLO AND LOMOND WIN.
Favorites at New Orleans Come Un-
der the Wire First.
NEW ORLEANS. Dec, 21.— Tnllo and
Lomond were the winning favorites to
day over a heavy track. Results:
Six furlongs, Trillo won. Prince of v©
ronla second, Moroni third. Time, 1:17.
Selling, six furlongs, Lomond won, Sor
rel BOM second, El Caney third. Time
1:18« A.
Tllr.p. one and a quarter miles. Pan
Charm won, Jimp second, Monongan
third. Time, MTV*.
Handicap. 'one 'and 11 sixteenth miles
Compensation won. Strangest secouj
Forbush third. Time. I:a4>i.
One mile, Chlcopee won. Samivel second
Moncreith third. Time. IMS.
EB.NE TO MEET O'BRIEN.
Articles of Agreement Calling for a
Twenty-Fife Round Bout.
NEW YORK. Dec 21.— Articles of
agreement were signed to-day for a twen
ty-flve-round bout between Frank Erne
champion lightweight pugilist of Buffalo'
and Jack O'Brien of this city, to take
place at the new Broadway Athletic Club
in this city on January 19. A guaranteed
purse of $5000 or 60 per cent of the gate
receipts is the incentive, of which 75 per
cent will go to the winner and 25 per cent
to the loser.
You have no doubt observed that It Is
only after you have made a mistake that
people begin to tell how It could have
j»«ta avoided, -_^^
THE SAN FRAS CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 22. 1899.
SPORTING NEWS
FAMOUS INDIAN FOOTBALL MEN
HAVE ARRIVED FROM THE EAST
Hello! Hcllc! Who Arc We? Hello! Hellc I Who Are We? Hello! Hcllc ! Who Aro We?
WITH the full power of their lung»
and throats nineteen husky.
etaJwart Indiars let loose upon
the peaceful town of Henlcla
last nißht when the Central
overland rolled on to the big boat. Again
and again they pave their school yell with
as much noise aa Apaches on the war
path. Hut there is no savagery In this
band of aborigines from the Carlisle
School. Pennsylvania. They are simply
football players, and their record marks
them as one of the foremost gridiron
teams in America to-day. Two hours
later the Indians arrived at the Palace
without the war-whoop.
The great Carlisle team that will play
California Christmas day is headed by
W, (» Thompson, the athletic director of
the iJovernment school, and Glenn 8.
Warner, coach. Carlos Montezuma, an
Apoc-he, is with the party, and he pre
acribefl for their physical welfare. He is
:i graduate physician of one of the big
Eastern medical colleges, having taken
up the profusion when finished with his
schooling at Carlisle. The regular team
and the substitutes complete the party.
From Pennsylvania to the Pacitlc the
THORNE IS
DEFEATED IN
TWO ROUNDS
Englishman Is No Match for
Goff, the Young California
Fighter.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
NEW YORK. Dec. 21-Charley Goff of
California defeated the English middle
weight boxer. Geoffrey Thorno, In less
than two rounds, before the Hercules'
Athletic Club In Brooklyn to-nlpht. The
men met at catch welphts, but there was
very little difference between them. To
ward the end of the extremely tierce first
round Thome weut down from a ri^'ht
hand cross on the Jaw. He took three
seconds of the count and rose as agpres
- ov«t. giving Goff several facers be
fore the bell.
The MOOOd round w.is ns hot as It was
brief. Qoff went at his man in smashing
style and with scarcely a come back
forced ih" pace in hurricane order, finally
sending Thorne down and out with a left
swinging smajih on the jaw. Tim© of
rouna fifty seconds.
AMATEUR BOXERS IN
EIGHT-ROUND BOUTS
Columbia Athletic Club Offers an
Attractive Programme for Fol
lowers of the Ring.
The recently organized Columbia Athletic
Club will promote a boxing exhibition In
its gymnasium. l> Golden Gate avenue,
to-night. Forty-two rounds of boxing are
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(Copyright. ISM. by H. n. Frbert.)
OAKLAND RACETRACK, Thursday, December 21, 1899.—Fifty
second day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club.
Weather fine. . Track fast.
JOS. A, MURPHY— Presiding Judge. J. B. FERGUSON— Starter.
ErfiQ FIRST RACE— Futurity course; selllnc; two-year-olds; purse, $400.
_ ___ _ _ Betting.
Index. lion*. Weight. St. Mm. 4m. %m. Etr. Fin. Jockey*. Op. Cl.
... May Gertrude 105 6 ... 6H 3 4 12 12 Vlttltoe 4 3
4*5 The Echo 105 4 ... 44 !h 62 21 T. Walsh 8 12
106 For Freedom 103 1 ... 6h 4h 4h 3h Jenkins < M
455 Fine 81) I 107 3 ... II lh 2h 4h Thorpe 3-2 9-5
4M Gravtt-v 110 2 ... 2h 6 h 3 h 6 h T. Hums 3 4
<■ Bummer 103 8 ... 9 72 71 65 C. Wilson 10 15
402 Fairfax 110 « ... 8 1 I 4 «h 7 4 Ruiz 10 25
472 El Arte . . . 107 9 ... 7 '-4 S3 83 S3 Hennessey .... 20 60
490 Frank Kuhry 103 7 ... 8 H 3 » 9 1. Powell 7 30
Till K. -'**: to ft :4S\_: last *i. l:02«-i: short »i. l:l2^i. Good iitart. Won cleverly.
Second ar.d thirl driving. Winner. J. C. N>alon A Co.'s rh. f.. by El Rio Roy-Sylvia.
May Gertrude is a very fair sprinter; she always lookM the winner. • For Freedom rid
den the short way around. Fine Shot stopped. Fairfax had speed.
Scratched— 100. Herculean 110. El Re?oso 105.
f— /-|f> SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlongs: all ages; purse, $300.
~~ j Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. «im. Hm. Km. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
403 Sister Alice. 4 106 1 ... «H 31 81 11 Vlttttoo 10 15
... Frank Bell. 3 107 3 ... 2'» 2 3 2 3 2 h E. Jones 1 S-5
(142) Ml<llove 3 107 4 ... 14 I' 4 14 31 Thorpe ! 8-5
375 Novla, 4 1"« 5 ... 64 51 63 41 jj. Martin II 25
... Storm King. 5 114 6 ... 5 4 41 •4h 61 Jenkins 8 8
... Formero. 3 10»( 1 ... 7 7 7 610 Ruiz « 10
«S3 Lady Helots*. 5 107 2 ... 33 61 111 7 Hennessey .... » 60
Time— 3-16. :1S; 7-16. :41ft; 5V4f. 1:07. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner. J.
P. Meehan's eh. m.. by Imp Midlothian-Half Sinter.
All' won after Frank Bell an.i Mldlove had tired under the withering pace set. Novla,
none too lucky finished well up. Storm King not ready. r mero showed little form.
Scratched— Sunejlo t>6. Shellac 106, Mission 94. February 106.
CZf\A THIRD RACE— and a sixteenth; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse,
OxJ^r* $400.
Retting.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. %m. ftm. %m. Btr. Fin. J Jockeys. Op. Cl!
47» Tappan. 6 108 4 61 81 81 18 m Thorp* 7-6 3-1
479 Wyoming. 6 107 5 18 28 11 lft II Spencer 8 8-2
451 Meadowthorp*. 6.. ..105 2 3ft 3h 61 4ft 8 4 T. Burns 6 8
489 Whltromb. 5 102 7 14 U th 8h 41 Vlttltoe 8 10
407 Marplot. 4 103,1 th 61 7 .61 61 J. Woods 8 60
3SS Gotobed. 4 105 3 7 7 4h 6 4 62 Jenkins 8 6-2
493 Billy McCloeky. 6..100 « 41 4 h 65 7 7 Henry .„.( 80 80
Time— l-16. :07: 3-18. :31; t-lf. :65H: 13-16. 1:214; mile. 1:404: 1 l-16m. 1:464. Good start.
Won first three driving. Winner. F. W. Dobs & Co.'s br. g.. by Powhattan-Flnlcal.
Tappan stood a long drive gamely. Wyoming was galloping Into the stretch. Whit
comb -.mild not last. Gotobed had not worked well, but made a fair showing.
Scratched— Inverary II 102.
(-/\e FOURTH RACE— furlongs; free handicap; two-year-olds; purs*. $500.
Index. Horse. Weight. St. Km. Mm. %m. Btr. Fin. Jockeys. Op. <£
(463) Yellow Tall 120 I ••• *• 13 13 11 E. Jones 113-10
... Erwln l»| 4 ... 4 1 4ft I! 2ni C. Wilson 10 10
487 Flamora I<M I 5 ... 6 6 6 I h T. Walsh 6 6
(4SB) Southern Girl 110 2 ... 24 26 aft 46 Thorpe 6-2 4
471 Dunblane ... .■ LLL . _ ;; . . 107 1 3 ... Bft 3 1 4ft 6 Spencer 4 18-6
" Time— U. 24. ft. *74: V. 1:13. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner Foster * Haekett's eh. c. by Imp. Watercress-imp. Paloma.
Winner had speed to burn. Southern Girl grew groggy chasing him. Flamora should have
been second. Dunblane seems a false alarm.
Scratched— Princess Zelka 109.
r" fi(\ FIFTH RACE— One mile; free handicap; all ages; purse, $500.
—^ — ______
Ind*»x. How. Age. Weight. St. %m. ftm. %m. Str. . Fin. Jockeys. Op."' CL
487 Ventoro. 3 91 3 12 11' 1\ 11 -lft T. Walsh « 7
4vi Rosormonde. 4 110 2 2h 2h 21 23 26 Jenkins 8-5 7-5
(4*2) s>i..rl«. 4 100 7 7 7 6 666 31 Vlttltoe 10. 15
452 King Carnival. 5....104 5 6 3 8 2 34 34 41 J.Martin 3 6
441 Defiance. 8 80 6 610 65 42 41 65 Ranch 10 100
MO Grand Sachem. 4... 91 4 4h 4h 5 2 6 10, IS 4 H Stuart 15 v
457 Mortnga. 4 S3 1 3ft6h 7 7 7 T. Burns... 3 3
Time-*. :r4Vi; ft «V H. 1:14; mile. 1:39*. Bad Mart. Won first three driving. Win
ner. W. B. Jennings br. g., by Imp. Golden Garter-Ventura.
Rosormonde should have won; Jenkins put up a weak ride. King Carnival reaulres
strong riding. Moringa must have found the track too hard. " r-«_u«-i
Scratched— Casdale 9S. Advance Guard 94.
FT r\*7 SIXTH RACE— 6Ix furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse. $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight St. %m. - ftm. Km. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op."'"*!
429 Afamada, 4 105 I ... 11 1 lft 1 1 12 Jenkins ~~l s
(423) Mocorito. 4 109 2 ... 2 4 3 4 84 I« Spencer 6-5 7-5
(411) Kly. 6 107 3 ... 61 . 4 2 4h 3 6 T^orpT .. '.'" 4 7-1
409 Jerld. 3 103 6 ...» 6 < 4 . C Wilson 10 8
489 Peace. 3 102 4 ... 4 3 2 2 2* 6 5 Vlttltoe 6 t
qaguagjila &t:S •} i* '.! *.. £ ! HF ::: \ I
n er.^.^'ll 2^re. : : B br % m 1: 12 b y D^oflftnt^L£a V^* »* *«*™*l*£
Winner displayed rare form. Spencer on Mocorlto took matters too coolly Jerid cracked
one of his heels. Peace tired. Maud Ferguson badly cut off on far turn cracked
Scratched-ranamlnt 107, Theory 101 - Monrovia 103, Rio CJUco 100. Aluminum 102. Mala-
Indians, C-a-r- l-i-s-l-c t
red men traveled In a special car. with all
the comforts possible on a railroad trip.
Fearing that the players would suffer aa
to physical condition if they went with
out any exercise. Director Thompson kept
his men on the Jump whenever an oppor
tunity offered. At one point along the
road, where the wait was long, the In
dians run to the next station and boarded
the tr.iln there. Stationary running, as it
is call<d. was also a means of physical di
version on the trip. This consists of a
Jumping up and down, and it Is figured
the Indiajis covered daily some fifteen
miles of atmosphere in this work.
The trip was a mere diversion to the
red men. From Benicla to Oakland they
were up to all sorts of tricks and pranks.
Clog dances, sentimental and religious
songs in the same breath and particularly
the coon variety made the Indian special
an Impromptu vaudeville stage. They
have songs of their own. with which they
expect to terrify the Californlans. One
sung to the refrain of a "Hot Old Time"
ends: "When we hit their line, there'll
be no line at all, but there'll be a hot
time in our town to-night."
When the Palace was reached the red-
Bhirted footballers trudped in with dress
pult cases and all descriptions of luggage.
They were happy to get away from the
scheduled, but owing to the hurricane
style affected by Rome of the athletes in
these bouts, they will hardly go the limit.
The persons who have a taste for fighting
prefer these affairs in minor clubs, com
i petitors are so earnest and are not spar
| ring to preserve ring reputations.
The boxers to-night include: Toby Ir
1 win an.l Billy Lawlor. Charles Thurston
' and Henry Shelling. James Hlgglns and
Joe Bell. Mike McClure and Dan Regan.
The principal bout is between Get rm
Baker and William Martin. They boxed
an eleven-round draw before the Ban
Francisco Athletic Club some weeks nnee
j and are still undecided as to which is the
better man.
THE "SMELLING CUHE."
Odors of Various Herbs Found to De-
stroy Many Microbes.
Intere<?tlnp experiments with the odors
of herbs have from time to time been
mnde, and it has been found that many
species of microbes are easily destroyed
by various smells. The odor of cloves has
' been known to destroy microbes in 35
minutes; cinnamon will kill some species
In IS minutes; thyme In K. In 45 minutes
common wild verbena is found effective,
! while the odor of mint has destroyed vari
ous forms of microbes in 55 minutes, and
it is reoorded aa the mose effective of all
as an antiseptic. It la now believed
that herbs which have been found in
Egyptian mummies were placed on the
bodies more for their antiseptic properties
than as mere ornaments or objects of sen
, tlment
NEEDLE - THREADING
An Ingenious lady has suggested an Im
provement in the method of holding a
j...-<lle for the purpose of threading It.
It la to l»e held between tho third and lit
the fingers of the left hand instead of by
the thumb and forofing'-r. palm upptr
moit Th- advantage of this Is that che
thumb and nrst finger ran be used to grip
the smallest end of the thread as soon
us it protrudea from th«> eye, a method
preferable to that of letting go the thread
and endeavoring to get hold of the end
with the ripht hand. This prevents the
weight of the cotton from dragging the
end out of tho eye again.
roll of the train and as soon aa they
leave their beds this morning they will
be found tramping around the town. Di
rector Thompson says they know no such
thing as fatigue and they look every
Inch of that physical characterisation.
Redwater, left guard. Is the giant of the
band. They »ay he weighs less than 200
net. but he looks capable of moving a
hotel. Little Hudson, famous throughout
the country. Is with them and he bears
his honors with modesty and diffidence of
manner. They are by far the strongest
lot of football m**n this coast has ever
seen and any team that meets them will
know that something Is before them.
The complete party that arrived last
night is as follows:
W. G. Thompson, athletic director: Ol*»n
S. Warner, coach; Carlos Montezuma,
M. I> ; Edward Rogers, left end: Hawley
Pierce, left tackle; Thaddeus Redwaur.
left guard; Edwin Smith, center; John
Warren, right guard; Martin Wheflotk.
right tackle and captain; Joseph Behol
der, right end; Frank Hudson, quarter
back; Isaac Senaca. left half; Artl- M.l
ler. right half; Jonas Metoxen. full hm-k.
Substitutes. Frank Rcott. John Allen.
Nelson Hare. James Johnson. Caleb
Siekel. Solomon Serog and Charles Rob
erts.
COCHRAN
INJURED IN
PRACTICE
California's Coach Had Two
Ribs Fractured in a
Scrimmage.
Larry Cochran. the famous coach of
California's victorious football team for
two years, veteran of four trying sea
sons of gridiron war. Is among the foot
ball Injured of '99. In the practice of yes
terday afternon preparatory to meeting
tho Carlisle Indians the master of p<K
skln science, while playing on the scrub
team against the Berkeley 'varsity, was
jambed to the ground under heavy Inter
ference, that caused the breaking of two
ribs. The injury is a severe one and has
confined him to his bed. He will not be
i able to further coach the Berkeley eleven.
! and it is doubtful if he will be permitted
to attend the Carlisle-California game.
The injury was the result of over-en
thusiasm on the part of the coach. East
ern coaches on Western gridirons have
seldom donned their football togs in
t< a- hing the men the fine points of play,
lerliaps the snappy December weather
s {»rred the blood of Cochran to attempt
old-time deeds and to demonstrate that he
could put into practice that which for two
; years he has preached with such good
1 effect. At any rate on Monday afternoon
l- or . t P. e , tlrst tilne since tne memorable
l ale-Princeton game of '97, when Old Nas
nau s Bplendld but crippled team, which
cochran captained, was beaten by a 6-0
I Bc °re. he Jumped into actual play and
i tackled and ran down on punts as In
i other years. Four days of solid work has
oiled the Berkeley 'varsity machinery, and
yesterday the action was like that of
rnanksgivlng day. It was smash and
bang HKainst the second eleven, with
Hall, Smith and Ka.irsberg under way
like pistol shuts. Cochran was out at end
on the scrub, and on tlrst eleven's st>le
Of attack wasn't getting enough work to
even remind him of the old Princeton
days, when Yale backs "failed to gain a
yard around him." Perhaps the fact that
It was Cochran out there caused the
quarter to form the play on other points.
At any rate the mighty end chafed unu>r
Inaction and dared the backs to send the
play his way.
"Give me something to do out here." he
shouted. "Take a chance at an old 'h;<s
b«en' and Bee how it feels." There was
a quick signal, three lightning bucks at
the pride of Princeton ana Berkeley.
Smith, with the ball, made his distance,
while Cochran went out of the play. Percy
Hall's muscular effort, with 1&5 pounds
back of It, had placed th.> great coach
hors de combat at the bottom of a pile,
and Incidentally smashed two ribs—per
haps, if fate would have it. the similar
pair to those of Captain Chet Murphy,
that suffered the 6ame injury before
Thanksgiving day. Cochran was imme
diately observed to be In a bad plight and
Wai taken from the field.
The Injury, at any event. Is particularly
nard luck for Cochran personally, com
ing as it does long after his active grid-
Iron days are passed, and to the Berk-l-y
team is equally unfortunate, as the su
perb pklll and coaching spirit of ihe
Princeton man was counted upon ns a big
element In the. w»rk of preparing the first
California eleven to meet a team typi< .il
ly Eastern ami up-to-date in Its strengtn
and style of play.
HOTEL MAN HOVERING
NEAR DEATH'S DOOR
M. M. HARTMAN IS A VICTIM OF
OPIUM POISONING.
Believed to Have Attempted to End
His Life Because of Recent
Financial Trouble.
OAKLAND. Dec. 21.-M. M. Hartman.
proprietor of the Crellln Hotel, died to
night, presumably from opium poisoning,
and It is rumored that ho committed sui
cide.
Hartman was found thin afternoon Buf
fering from morphine or laudanum pois
oning In his room in the hotel. Dr. Frank
L. Adams and Dr. Todd wore called and
worked over him until midnight, when he
died. Members of the family declare his
death was due to accidentally taking an
over-dose of medicine.
Hartman's affairs have become en
tangled In the last few months. He Is
said to have been playing the races, but
It Is certain that he has been borrowing
money wherever he could and his hotel
lease finally became involved. He secured
a considerable amount of money from J.
It. Watson, a mining man. and about four
woeks ago Hartman incorporated his In
terest in the Crellin Hotel In a company
and practically resigned its management.
J. It. Watson took a lot of stock In the
company for the money loaned Hartman,
and Hartman turned the rest of his stock
.over to his two daughters, and these
daughters assumed the active manage
ment of the hotel. Watson and his daugh
ters were in harmony as to the manage
ment of the hotel, but Hartman. who was
over 60 years of age, seemed to feel his
reverses very keenly. There was not the
slightest effort upon the part of either the
daughters or "Watson to do otherwise than
help save what was left of the old man's
fortune. He remained in the hotel and
even nominally retained the title of man
ager.
There was some difficulty between the
new management and Mrs. Archer, a
woman who owns Don Gara and several
other horses. They demanded that Mrs
Archer rhould pay her board or leave the
house. She produced a receipt for three
months' rent in advance from Hartman
but the new hotel management declared
that there was something irregular about
it. Mrs. Archer employed ex-Judge A L
Frick to protect her Interests, and much
trouble ensued. It is said that these
troubles, together with his financial re
verses, prey-ed upon the old man's mind
until he determined to end his life.
Xruger-Victors Wedding.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 21.—The wedding of
Miss Mary Adella Kruger and Dr. Albert
Victors was solemnized at 8:30 o'clock this
evening at the Kruger residence, 1533
Grand street. Rev. J. T. Gassman offici
ated. A reception was held at 9 o'clock
The bride is the daughter of Mrs. \V II
Kxuger_and well known in society cir
cles. Tho groom Is a prosperous youne
physician o£ Grass .Valley, >«««««
<
Carlisle Indians J^rrive. \
Coe/iran Sn/ured in J-ootbai/. •-.
REVOLUTION
AVERTED BY
HOUND MEN
Ingleside Club Vote Against
a Strong Resolution — This
Week's Stake.
At a special meeting of Ingleslde Cours
ing Club members in Pythian Castle last
night a series of resolutions were pre
sented which, if adopted, would have
tended to upset the amicable relations ex
isting between the associations promoting
the sport in and about, this city. Accord
ing to some of the speakers it would have
made of the adherents of one park out
lays In the eyes of the American Cours
ing Board, the governing body in thi*
country. The trouble, developed over the
reorganization of the California Coursing
committee, effected at tho annual meet
ing of the American Coursing Beard at
rcSohftlo^"" '" October - by the following
roc I ut ion '•
rSZ* o }?'*' L That th California Coursing
Com ml ! tee have full control of all matter,
pertaining to coursing and registration In
California, subject to appeal to the Ameri
can CourMng Board; and that all reifl^ra
tlona from California must be remitted to
il!^rjf e cp * r . of the >tUII book through th«
■eoretary of the California Coursing Com
mit u-e. . It h.lng understood that the
three ciub ! .-lnt.-r*tate. Ingleslde and San
llttteo Coursing Club-have a right to an
«juai number of delegates to the California
coursing Committee. and Sacramento,
htockton and x in Jose clubs, be entitled to
I*°.?; due" Ca ° h ' ° n puy:nent of P^por
f tln^ rt^«i on li ? la the *ecretary of the Cali
rornia Coursing Committee addressed a
communication to th- Ingieslde Coursing
Club in part as follows:
By order of this committee I take great
Fi 1 S Tf '" lnvltln the numbers of the
Ingleslde Coursing Club to co-operate with
the California Coursing Committee, and to
•lect lw de ' e ate ? at the convenience of
your club According to the resolution ap
pro^ and adopted by the American . -ours-
Ing Hoard. your club will be entitled to five
representatives, giving you an equal number
mlttee *as the Interstate Coursing Com-
The Ingleslde Club named as Its
delegates H. A. De'ckelman. W. K. Tnomp
i? n V T hi' -> lclluB r v.' D - Dillon and Captain
ihJ m .r kaon i ' n "'- se delegates attended
the meeting of th e coursln« committee,
and to their surprise were balloted upon,
resulting in four being seated and one re
jected. The meeting last night was to
fho^M aß , aln , st thli action on the ground
that the Ingleslde Club had the naming
~«ii?tr pre3enlatlves - The Inflammatory
rt-solutions presented contained the threat
that unless the delegates as elected bo
admitted as the representatives of th*
dab it would recall its delegates and
would ask them to refuse to participate
In any * manner in the deliberations and
work of the California Coursing Commit
tee. This meant In effect the cutting away
from all authority. Wiser counsels pre-
V ( a d '.£ nd after a lons de bate it was de
cided that the four delegates seated on
the coursing committee present the case
to the other delegates and ask that the
ingiesiae coursing Club delegation as ao
pointed by the club be accepted.
This week's stake attracted a high class
lot of greyhounds. The draw resulted as
follows:
Open «take, 80 dogs— J. Carroll's Auckland
vs ■ Connetl Brothers' St. Helen: J. o'8h«?«
Golden Gate vs. J. p. Thrifts Foneet- H A
lm £. n '" OM SIOJ2S IOJ 2 V- OoiumU Brothers*
Mamie Pleasant; T. K. lagan's Leah vs T
F. Logan's Ml-, Grizzle; J. p. Thrift's Forgive
vs. Murphy & Tolands Pleasant Girl- XV J
Browning's Mountain Belle vs. E M KeMoce's
lowa Maid: J. Byrnes' Olympus vs. H ' \vi«-
Kin's The Prlr.ce; It. K. de H. Lopez's Sara vi
J. L Rosa' J L R; J. O'Dowds Shoot .ver vs'
\\ Joiner's Cuckoo; K. E. de B. Lopez's Santa
Rita vs. J. Byrnes* Battleship; T. J Me-
HuKh - " £?M,? M , Rose \s. Handy A Smith's Jennie
ils.»n. T. J. Cronln's Depend on Me vs J
Secsenon'. Gold Hill. 1> Ford's Bonlta ' va'
M. Mtehallk'., J,.ker; H. Lynch-., Loiterer v""
Itondr & Smith's IVtrontus; J. Se«er»on's
Candelarla vs. J. Kerrigan's Llghtfoot: R. E
de B. Lopez's Peplta vs. Kelly & Hartley's
Baby Kins: J. O'Dowd's Clifton Law \i j
Dean's Gladiator; Bartels Brothers* Mac's Mel
ody vs. A. Van den Bunch's Kitty V T J
Cror.ln's Ro^ of Tral»e vs. A. Van den Burgh's
Naughty Girl; C. I^avey's Wild Game "s
George Pint..', Mischief; J. Dean's Connemara
vs. J. O Shea's Young America: R. l. Taylor's
Mose vs. Larkey & Rock's Minerva; Connell
Brothers' Dunmore vs. W. C. Glasson's Ter
ronltA. J. H. Perlso's Belle Seward vs. H A
Deckelman's Lawrence; J. Dean's Gallant vs*
11. Lynch's Lottie M: Russell, All. A WIN
roil s Miss Penman vs. Lowe & Thomosons
Prince. Hal; J. Martinet's Bernal Chief vs. J
P. Thrift's St. Michael; D. Ford's Juanlta' v.
J. Byrnes' Eleven Spot; T. .1. Fulton's Sani
Soucl vs. J. J. Edmond's Go On; T. J. Cronln 1 ,
Maid of Ball vs. K. L. Taylor's Beauty Spot-
W. C. Glaseon's Sleigh Bells vs. Kay Broth-r» ;
Dudley Diamond; R. E. de U. Lopez's Carmen
rlta vs. Corkery & Hocan's High Dire- J
('Shea's Golden Rule vs. Russell, Allen A-
Wilsons Julius Caesar: H. Lynch' Lexington
vs. E. M. Kellorrg's Hummer: 11. Lynch's Mys
tic Maid vs. H. A. Deckelman's Rocker- J
Anthony', Patriot vs. M. Mlchallk's Glen Roy'
H. A. Deckelman's Glen Chi. vs. J. Shea's
Young; Flrenzl; H. A. Deckelman'a Snapshot
vs. J. P. Thrift's Grasshopper; Murphy &
Toland's Twilight Jr. vs. J. Byrnes* Nellie B-
E. M. KelloKg* s lowa Boy vs. Handy & Smith's
Victor Queen.
Do People Live on Mars?
Some new light Is now thrown on the
planet Mars by Profersor Ernst F?a- <kcl
a genuine philosopher. In the new book'
"World Problems." He says: '
"If we assume that Mars i.« inhabited
we must assume that the men and women
whose borne is on the planet are not ouch
as we. but of a far higher type. They
may resemble us exteriorly, but they are
free from our physical defects and excel
us In strength and gracefulness. It is -,n
the Intellectual sphere, however, that tt<clr
superiority Is most cleary shown" If
there- are human beings on this planet it
Is extremely probable that they far cur
pass ordinary men and women in Intel
ligence."
Another question often asked Is: "Will
we ever be able to communicate with the
inhabitants of distant planets?" Professor
Haeckel's reply Is that there Is very l«t
tle probability of any direct commun'ea
tlon ever being established. His reasons
because the earth Is such a great dis
tance from Mars and other planets and
because, the condition of the. air between
the earth and these planets is such as to
render direct communication by any oos
means at present known to us impossible.
With all his inventive genius and perfect
machinery man can move in a train at an
outside speed of sixty miles an hour, an 1
that he cannot keep up for great' dis-
S an ??m Yet the swallow files eighty, the
lOsfthe^sw^ftYsO. 7 CfOW (WhCn m '* ra tln 6>6 >
©♦©♦©♦©♦©♦©♦o^o^o^o-^o^o-^ o^o^o^o> o^o -*o+ o+o ©♦o^o^^
I He's Run Down ]
° AND NEEDS REPAIRING. HE j£s^r~~"*N °
°XI wants something to put new ■ w^^c A °
o life and energy into him. If /^/*\ —^k. W* °
o your back is weak or your limbs -W*f // jfag^^S^lf o
* are drawn with rheumatism noth- v_^y^F^O^J<l^ *
♦ ing will brace you up like one v&ltfzr^^ o
I Dr. Sanden // y^Lffkjr/
? Electric Belts. ' V' v£=^Xi ?
? 2
o It shoots a delightful current of electricity into your body °
o without burning you, and in a short time you are a well man °
o Send for my book, "THREE CLASSES OF MEN" 0
© which tells all about the belts. Consultation and advice free o
5 Office hours 9 to 6; Sundays 10 to 1. ♦
I DR. T. A. SANDEN m THIRD STREET ♦
© MM 8«U 8 ,l», ****. L.. An,.!.,. M . Ru,., BRU4lif P.rU^d. Or. O
.•♦©♦©♦.©♦©♦-©♦.©♦©♦©♦©♦©♦©♦©♦©♦o^o^^^^. -t
RATE WAR MAY
BE COMMENCED
Transcontinental Lines
in a Quarrel.
Special Dispatch to Th« Can.
CHICAGO. Dec. a.— Hopes for an ami
cable settlement of the differences which
have arisen from the old differentia!
squabble In the East are dimmer now
than ever before. The situation ha* tak
en another turn for the worse and It is
not Impossible that the second-closs rate
from this city to San Francisco soon will
be shaved. If not actually slashed. Local
passenger men have discovered Boston-
San Francisco tickets In the Chicago mar
kets which are being offered nt rates low
er than the regular Chicago-San Francis
co rate. The Vanderbllts and their West
ern connections have openly expressed
their determination to secure the urns
rate from New Kngland points to Paciflo
Coast points as that offered by the differ
ential linen.
At a meeting held by representatives of
transcontinental linen here to-day a com
mittee, composed of K. K. McCorralck ana
Edward Hawley of the Southern Pacific.
George T. Nicholson of the Santa re. I*.
S. Kustis of the Hurllngton. \V. B. Knit
kern of the Northwestern, John Sebastian
of the Hock Island. George 11. Heafford
of the St. Paul, Robert K-rr of the Cana
dian Pacific. F. M Lord of the Great
Western and Frank I. Whitney of th«
Great Northern, was appointed to meet
with representatives of the New England
lines January 4 In Boston, and to report
the result of the meeting to the transcon
tinental men in this city nve days later.
The chief objective of tho Boston meeting;
is to determine the strength of those who
want to settle the trouble amicably.
In to-day's meeting the Burlington, the
Rock Island, the St. Paul and the North
western lines that are boycotted by
tho Boston and Maine and the Fltchbur*
roads— give all other roads to understand
thai they would stand by the Boston and
Albany if the Santa F«\ the Alton and the
Missouri Pacific continued to give their
support west of Chicago to the Boston
and Maine.
BACTERIA
Communicated by Kissing May
Cause Teeth to Decay.
Physicians started an antl-klsslni? cru
sade several years apo. telling fearsoma
stories of the transfer of bacteria from up
to lip, but whatever of truth and of dan
ger there was in the warnings of the med
ical men was overwhelmed by the deluga
of fun poured out all over the country by
the men who make their living by wntlntc
funny things. In the meantime kissing
lost none of Its fascination, and every
body, including the bacteria, continued to
be nappy.
Now comes In the dentist with moro
fearsome tales, and It seems only right to
let him have his innings.
"Decay of the teeth, or, as we call It.
caries of the teeth." fays a New York
dentist, "Is due to the presence of bacte
ria. Bacteria can be conveyed from mouth
to mouth by klsslnfr. Therefore, no mat
ter how tine a set of teeth you may have.
if you kiss a person who has decayed
teeth you will soon need my services. A
young woman whom I know, and who by
Inheritance possessed a marvelously per
fect set of teeth, and was robust and of
extremely cleanly habits, used to come to
me and have her teeth cleaned when only
the closest scrutiny could detect the
{■tains which she wished removed. Up to
the age of 19 she never needed a fllllnir.
About that time she brought to my offlco
a young man whom she introduced as her
fiance. He wished ray professional serv
ices, and I gave him an appointment. An
examination disclosed a nlthy mouth. It
was necessary to use corrective agents
before I could tolerate him.
"Had It not been that he was engaged
to marry a girl whom I knew to be
ideally hygienic. I should not have given
to the cleansing of his teeth the amount
of attention which I did, because I recog
nized in him a man careless of his teeth
and breath, who would be un.ippreclatlv*
of my efforts. It required thr.« sittings
to get his teeth Into a semblance of clean
liness, and then he refused to have th*
gaping carious caverns filled. I remon
strated. I »poke of the perfect teeth of
his Intended. He laughed carelessely and
asked what difference it made to her. I
explained. I could do no mor>. They
were married, and before a year elapsed
I was obliged to insert seven or eight fill
ings in her teeth. She now has a full set
of artificial teeth.
"I knew a young man who had his teeth
ruined by keeping company with a girl
who had unclean teeth. She was good
looking, but he did not marry her—some
thing prevented. Ills teeth have not de
cayed since."
» ♦ ■
BELL RUNG ON THE PREACHEH
A Serious Duty Imposed on Church
Members in a Michigan Town.
"You remember the chestnut bell of
course?" MM the man who had got out of
Chicago with only the loss of ore of hi
shoe heels. '.'Well, I was greatly taken
with It at ore time, and when I set out
to visit my old home in Michigan I bought
a dozen bells to take along. Nobody In
the town had heard of them, but I hadn't
worn one over a day when the people
caught on and I was fairly besieged.
When Sunday came 1 prepared to attend
church like, a dutiful son and at th*
proper time mother and I -vere seated in
her pew. Just what ihe text was I can't
remember, but the minister had scarct-ly
announced It when six of my chestnut
bells sounded among the congregation.
"The good man didn't mind them In ths
least, but went ahead with his work. He.
was rung up on his hymn, and he was
rung up every minute or two on his ser
mon; and though there was something
amusing about it I was also half-scared
out of my boots. As I had brought the
bells to town I didn't knew but what he'd
hold me responsible and open out on me.
About the middle of his sermon he said
something about Jonah, and eleven of
those bells went 't-l-n-g" on him In suc
cession. He stopped and looked around
and then calmly said:
" 'Will those people who are Ilnglln*
keys kindly Jingle a little softer?''
"I was thankful to get out of that
church without a calamity. continued th»
bell man. "and I didn't do any laughing
till the next day. Then It was because I
learned that every blessed man who had
rang up the minister was seriously in
earnest about It and felt It a sort of duty
and because that minister himself called*
at the house and accepted my own bell
and rung It up on mother within five, ml n
utes!"
No Whales There,
Whales are never found la th« Quit
Stream.Carols.
. ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ + >t
npHE re^ldcrts of this rlty have >
T- ■ have a
-dtmu
1 llwl ™«« in the churches of
i irmutm in the
■ riT^c^T :ninatlon have
\i ••*ce.l*nt musical rrogrammo^
be ladles M d g-ntlemen who compo^
• various choir, have been pr?«lo?nJ
■
"y ?f a «Si b !! rted •**"**«* yesterday
-•> OZ tho pn.trrarr.mei which will be
• • '-with
;:c.ea..s ar. a«idlUrvnaJ Mst:
baptist.
FIRST BAPTIST—
f-rvices win be conducted by V.,: E A.
A-^Sfc D - D v * >a ' to , r «* tne First Baptist
•^VhH V?* au « ltorllini <* Young
Chri * ll » n Association building on
y pr?g7aSme? 4 «*"***■ *>«"*««
..^. oml f? : Pax*****: Invocation: anthem
• £^ a - ' Jl B * rab >'>: ««ripcur« readier'
<>ion« : rrtyr and rn>pon*<«; offertorr
O> " Xn ' r ', I<A^a«>;1 <A^a«>; hymn: sermon!
Good N*w, frr All 1 ; hrmn; bene-Ucf.on
Cit-ar* (Sullivan); »cripture re«d
in«: h>-ran. ccnjrreotlcn: rraj^- atsl j
»poa»#: oe^rtoi-/. a^vprmna «c 4» ••Chr!«t
ur*«t Holiday"; anthem. "The Mar.ger
Cr^aw ■•<'■:: :r. k^ r > hyma: benediction.
Tie cfcorui ■» cctnporM of Mirs Far.nl*
l>«aar. »orraao; Ml>« Tlcmc* Napel coa
w».lto: Herbert U'tll'.asi*. tenor- Matthew
wornlHi *»*»•: H. K. Mitcnell orKantm.
Cptscopai.
I CHURCH OF THE ADVENT—
Servlc** will be conducted at the Church
rf the Advent. Eleventh street, near Mar
lust, &s follows:
•''>:-.»» «v*. 7:4 l o'clock — Solemn even
totlg: processional ar.ij ••tTe Deua" ; "M&c-
Dlfleat" and "Nunc Pimittls" !s E fiat, by
Hall Kins
'»•. 11
''c'.i/ck; mass in G. by J. H. Maunder; cr
trtorj'. **O. Zton, Ttiat Brinc**t Oood Tld
!ar»." by 6!r John StaJnsr; choir of men
and bey» ■..:■"•: <l:r*-ctlon of H&piey tioy.
The Yen. P»*rcy C. Webber. Archdeacon
ff Mi!waukee. will hold a mission it the
< "r-.rrch of the Advent, beginning Decem
\*>r 31 and lastlr.e at least ten days. He
wll] hold a retreat for women In prepara
t!oa for the Cfcrletmaa communion on
WANTED HIS
PICTURE PRINTED
A Man Shoots His Wife
and Himself.
Spec'.il r:«r»tch to Th* CaJl.
■
v ;» plc
■
■
I
at thti
■
MT. MORLAH S NEW OFFICERS
With Masonic Ceremonies They Are
-..ducted to Their Respective
Stations.
1-;h-t evening King Solomon Hall in the
|lla»onle Temple was crowded with inter
. *t< <1 Maoris «'h'> wore present to wit
ncsM the induction Into oßice of the new
i.flleers of Mount Moriah Lodge. F. and
A. M.. who are to M»rve fcr the current
v»>ar. They are: John C. Kimball. w«>r
t-;-.:j'ful m.i<t.r; William C. Haeke. senior
warden: Kn-d Craumec. Junior warden;
John D. Richard*. treasurtr; Theo Fro
llrh. 6<.-r. tary: David M. Richard*, chap
lain; Thoman C. Conmy, senior deacon:
(rronre S. Grant. Junior deacon; John W.
< . Htattie. marshal; J"hn J. Sweeney and
• '.:.•* Dcr.dcro. fte wards; John D'Arty.
I .• r.
i;i*: Ma»<T Adolf.h nfvrhnrt was the
Installing officer arid Past Master Wil
liam E. B'A«.r tvas marshal of ceremo
•-. Thr- installation wus* followed by
the presentation by J. L. Crlttenden, on
1 . half of the lodge, of a handsome Jewel
to Mr. El*?rhart. ih» retiring maMer. as
a t-ken of brotherly love and affection
*nd of appreciation of the conscientious
manner in which he discharged hie du
ties during the y<ar. Then follr>w*Hi a
dainty supper In tr* banquet hall, with
music, son*:* and "peaches lasting until
Fraternal Elections.
I California Council of the National Union
has elected the following named IS its
< f!leers for the ensuing term: A. J. Spar
row. j>re*i«J«'nt; F. B. Gibson, vice pres!
'l'-nt; Thomas S. Mo'.loy. Fp*-akor; H. A.
Graves, e-x-pivsidont; Charles J. King. !pc
i^ary: P> Hehumaohor. financial s*»cre
isry; H. L. Tkkner. treasurer: K. Vln
»-«-n"t. chaplain: F. W. AMx.tt. Ferg^ant at
urmti; J. 11. M^OufflcV. ush'r: A. A. f'.irx.
un.rkeeper: E. C. Boyeen. P. A Poene
and \V. A. F. Nicholson. trufie"t; EC \ m
<»nt. F. I\ t.ibpcn. A. J. Sparrow. K. C
Ur.y.«cn. Thomas S. Molloy and J. R. Mr-
Oi/fjck. delegates to the cabinet.- The In
stallation will l>e on the 2d of January.
Oolden State Parlor. Native Daughters
«>f the <^olden Wot. has elected the fol
lowing named n.a Its ci!le*r* for th- en
suing term: Mlbs G. Bchade. president:
Mir* T. iMicker. M!*s I* Wed*l and Mrs.
:«. Radebold. vice prudent*: Mlfs Jo
hanna Meyer, recording secretary: Miss
$y' l— Worth of Comfort?
%• J Yes, twice $6.75
%fp - worth in these easy
=z chairs.
OPEN EVENINQ3.
Get on« of these Chairs and . /SiaiitfjilJ^ ■ /lr^\
you are comfortable and satisfied T?Tpr«*iS' \ V )
for the rest of your life. /'•L<£* 4*^s^Wt '«*-** **L
We know of nothing that will y^tf*' *"' '4' } V 1
be more acceptable to a man. c -|?Ty^-> *% &*&*-*£
if Yr-. J^*— "Vi'7. ?/■)# "Alt' j
It's one cf our famous South- irv"^ /r\ V r
of -Market-Street values. Any- V > ff^~-\{' l rf{ $'
Trhere else the price would be JjJtfW UV^ \1 \|
CARPETS. TOO.
INDIANAPOLIS FURNITURE CO.
_ 750 MISSION STREET, S. F. ■
Christmas Music in the Churches.
Saturday. December 21. at the same
church under th« auspices of the Daugh
ters of the King. Father Webber is well
Known throughout the country as a
preacher of great eloquence.
■»
Congregational.
FOURTH CONGREGATIONAL—
A Christmas praise service mill be held
In the Fourth Congregational Church.
Green street, near Stockton. on Sunday
evening. Following Is the programme:
Hymn, "Oh Come. A.". Ye Faithful";
"Christmas Eve" (Adams), by Miss Jen
kin*; Watching In the Meadows." Mrs.
Blackburn; "Noel." Miss M. J. Slocombe.
Organist. Miss E. Wehrll.
PLYMOUTH CONGREGATIONAL—
The following services will be held at
the Plymouth Congregational Church.
Post street, between Buchanan and Web
ster, on Sunday morning and evening.
Rev. F. B. Cherlngton. D.D.. will conduct
the service*. The programme la as fol
lows :
Mornlnr— Orjran prelude: anthem, "T«
IVum In D" <Tour«): Invocation; dcxol^sy;
reFponmve reading: anthem, "The Coming of
the Kins" (Dudley Ducki ; Scripture read-
Jnit: anthem. "There Wer« Shepherds"
(Dudley Buck): r«"*yer: offertory: alto solo.
"A Dream of Bethlehem" (Rodney); hymn
No. 2*J. sermon; pray«?r; hymn No. 2*4;
benedlrtlcn.
Evening— • »ntan prelude: anthem, "Rene
fllctus (Jut Vt-mit" (Tourt); Invocation;
hymn No. M; anthem. It Came Upon th«
Mldn'.jrht Clear" iH M. Dow), male quar
tet: Scripture reading; anthem, "Bethle
hem" (Bartlett): prayer; offertory. "For
Unto Us a Child Is Bora" (Roberts), male
quartet, »ermon; anthem. "81ng 0 Hear
*n«" (Tours); hymn No. 23:: benediction.
The choir is composed of: F. Dellepiane.
musical director and organist; G. Reid
and C. O. Henley: soprano, Miss Dorothy
Ooodsell; tenor. \V. E. Smithy alto. Miss
Xena Roberts; bass. \V. R. Basford.
FIRST CONGREGATIONAL—
The following profframme will be ren
Rosa Day. financial secretary: Miss L.
Uhlig, treasurer; Miss M. Ducker. mar
?haJ. Miss M Tyson. Inside sentinel: Mrs.
B. Denahay. outside sentinel; Miss M.
Tdtjen. Miss M. Ma?u!r<» and Miss M. F.
yon Staden. trustees; Miss L. Fahrenk
rug. organist, and Mi E. 8. Merritt.
j>hys!clan. Miss A. Ackman will become
junior past president.
JtASONIC INSTALLATIONS.
The Officials of King Solomon and of
Hermann Lodges Inducted
Into Office.
The elected and appointed officers of
King Solomon Lodge. Free and Accepted
Masons, were Installed with ail the im
presslvcness and ceremonies of tho order
In the lodge room In Franklin Hall on
Flllmore street on Monday in the presence
of about 200 Masons, including the grand
master and many of the most prominent
member* of the craft. The Installing
officer *...- G. M. PerrtiM past master of
Pacific Lodge, ufsisted by A. M. Blad*.
who acted as marshal. The elected
oßlcers are: Camaln George \V. Witi
man, worshipful master; Samuel Me-
Kelvey. senior warden; Roland K. Hart
ley, Junior warden; Benjamin F. Jellison,
treasurer, and Harry Haehr. secretary.
The appointed officers are: William I*.
Fllmer. senior deacon: J. H. Richards,
Junior deacon: D. J. A. o'Keefe, marshal;
H. C Vandewater and George \V. Lake,
stewards; A. A. Calkin, organist, and
George C Dawson, tyler.
After the ceremonies there was an ad
journment to the main hall, where an ex
cellent supper was served, covers being
set for 2"X».
The new master of the Icdee presided,
and after there had been full Justice done
to the goo.l things that were on the
table and fragrant Havanas had been dis
tributed, there were vocal selections by
the King Solomon quartet, their selec
tions being encored time and again. In
r^ponse to calls by the toaM-nri-t.-r
there were appropriate sentiments offered
by Grand Master Charles L. Patton. As
*l*tant Grand Lecturer of the State G. M.
Perrine. Rev. Jacob Nleto. S. McKelvey,
J. A. Hosmer, Rev W. E. Smith. John
Tonnlngsen, S. H. R.tnkln. J. I' Brandon
and other*. The affair was one of the
most brilliant of its kind that has ever
been glvrn by this lodge, and a more
jolly set of Masons never assembled In
«ither lodge room or banquet hall.
Herman Lodge. Free and Accepted
Masons, had tho following officers for th.->
current Masonic year Installed on Monday
In the li.isonlc Temple by Past Master
; ul' Muiler. assisted by John Fischer as
marshal: Richard Sternitzky, worshipful
master; Fritz Hagemann Jr., senior
warden; Rudolph Carl Blum, junior
warden; George Heinrich Blucner, treas
urer; Ludwig Schumacher, secretary
«tw.»nty-fifth yean: F. Gerke. senior
deacon; S. Joseph Theisen. junior
deacon; I^ouis Zeiss. marshal: A. Gail and
Johann Wilshuser. stewards: Herman
Sehoene, tyler. After the ceremony the
members present accompanied the new
officers to a cafe, where there was an in
formal collation at which the master pre
sided.
■ • ■
Mariners Will Rejoice.
Th«re is every probability that in the
vory near future this coast will have a re
llef lightship. The need of such a vessel
was made apparent a few months ago.
wh*»n It became necessary to take the one
now off the bar In for an overhauling.
The repairs took over a month, and dur
ing that time the lighthouse tender Ma
drone was put on the bar. but not being
f-qulpped for.?uch service it was but little
Letter than no ship at all. A short time
ajro the lightship anchored oft the Co
lumbia River bur got adrift In a storm
and went ashore, leaving that dangerous
point without anything to warn marineis.
The local chamber of Commerce sent to
the Pacific Coast delegation asking that
n relief rhlp be sen: to this coast, and
recent letters from Senator Perkins and
others lea<!s to the belief that the desired
vessel will be provided before long. In
fact. Senator Perkins now has a bill be
fore Congress appropriating funds for this
fcurpoi-e. :
■ ♦ ■
Marriage broken are responsible for
many a broken heart.
TnE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1899.
derM at the First Congregational Church,
Post and Mason streets, on Sunday morn
ing and evening:
Mornln?— Oryan prelude: lntrolt, "Hark
the Herald Angeli Slnr" (Mendelssohn);
carol. "All Or. a Christmas Day" (New
combe); anthem. "Sing. O Heavens"
iTi.ur*): orr.an tolo. "■Andar4te Pastorale"
(Gaul); contral'o aolo. "In Cradle Lowly"
(Douglas); oCertorj'. "Noer" (A'lam); ban*
•010. "Naxarcth" (O«>«nod): orcan postlude.
E\"enlng. Christmas toag «er\ - ice — Orjran
prelude; lntrt»lt. "Ther* Were Shepherds"
• Holder.); trio for female voices, "Holy
Christina* Nlcht" (lessen); baas solo.
"CV.ristnias" (Kbelley); choir. "Sleep. Holy
Bab«" (Knox): offertory. i'Hynin of the
Nat:rtty" < Dr. 11. 6 Stewart): choir.
"Hark. What Mean Tbo«e Holy Voice*?"
(Oouncd); orean postlude.
Choir— Ml»» Grace I. Davle soprano; Mrs.
A. E. Btory. r >ntrult:>; J. F. Fleming. ba?ia;
Samuel D. Mayer, organist, tenor and choir
xnaMtr. . .
jCut/ieran.
ST. MARKTJS—
Rev. J. Fuendllng. pastor of St. Markup
Lutheran Church, on O'Faxrell street, be
tween Franklin and Gough. will conduct
services in his church on Sunday evening
and on Christmas morning. The pro
gramme will be as follows:
Sermon by the pastor. The choir, under
the direction of the organ!.-!. Professor E.
Werner, will render tee 'following: "Unto
You Th'.s Day Is Born a Savior":
anthem by '.ard; "This Is a Faithful
Baj.:.» and Worthy of Acceptlon." com
posed by E. Werner; "Th« Shepherd of
Israel." hymn by Bornlatkowsky; "Noel"
(soprano solo). "Glory He to God"; anthem
by Rlnck.
The Christmas festival of the Sunday
school will take place en Tuesday. December
I'", at 7 o'clock p. m.. In the church.
wPrcsdyterian.
MEMORIAL PRESBYTERIAN—
H- rbsri I'.'-'.!or of the Memorial
Presbyterian Church. Eighteenth avenue
RHOADS' BODY
BORNE TO REST
Hundreds of Friends
Follow the Bier.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 21.-One of the
largest funeral processions ever witnessed
fn this city was that which followed the
body of A. J. (Frank> Rhouda to the
tomb to-day. Hundreds attended the ser
vices as a testimonial to their friend
ship which they felt for a man who. as
a Republican politician, had been so
prominent, not only in local annals, but
in the history of the State. Many from
San Francisco were present, including
Supreme Justice J. B. McFarland and
ex-Surveyor General Robert Murray.
Several prominent State officials also at
tended.
The office of Secretary of State Curry,
where Mr. Rhoads had lately been em
ployed tie keeper of archives, was closed
in honor of his memory and the attaches
attended me funeral in a body. The Ex
empt Firemen's Association, of which de
ceased was a member, also attended in
full number. There were many beautiful
floral pieces from personal friends aud
from the raid Fire Department and city
and county otFicials. The State otn"c!r.!s
and Capitol employes also sent floral de
signs of rare beauty.
Key. C. L. Miel of St. Paul's Episcopal
Church conducted the simple funeral ««er
vice and the pall-bearers were a. J.
Johnston. J. T. Stafford. M. A Howard.
C. K. McClatchy, James H. Carroll and
Frank A. Daroux. During the funeral the
fire bell .vas tolled.
STALLARD CREATES A FUND
FOR PRIZE ESSAYS
Selects as the Subject the Political
and Economic Questions of
the Day.
BTANFORD I'NIVERSrrT, Dec. 21 —
The late Dr. J. H. Btallard of Menlo Park
Mt atiile a su::; be <ffered
./..-s to the students of Stanford an<i
the I'niv. •:■ ■ Jlfornla. The money
is to be awarded to the best two essays.
to be chosen by three judges, two of
whom are to be selected by Presidents
;»!..! Wh.-eltr and the third by Mrs.
:1. The essays axe to be delivered
rotary of either university by
•
In submitting the subject for discus
sion Dr. Stallard makes the following in
troductory remarks: "As many writers on
matters of Ft»ei<-ty and politics, both in
Europe and America, are at the present
time inclined to discredit certain propo
sitions stated In the Declaration of Inde
pendence, and to regard them as the mere
dreams of French philosophers, beyond
the scope of practical politics. It seems
to be a fitting moment to invite a re
examination of the question whether or
not these propositions are correct and
presently attainable and practicable, and
If so. toy what means they are to be at
tained."
Dr. Stallard then quotes the celebrated
"equal rights" clause from the Declara
tion of Independence and lays down the
following points for discussion:
"First— what meaning should be attach
ed to the term "right of man?' If this
phrase Is metaphorical, what should be
Its literal statement?
"Second— Are all men created equal with
respect to the rights therein declared to
be inalienable?
"Third— What are the economic condi
tions upon which the enioyment of these
inalienable rights depends?
"Fourth— ls it the function of govern
ments to securo these economic conditions
equally for all men?
"Fifth— What legislation is required to
attain these ends?"
The best two prizes will respectively
$100 and $50. _
Union of Growers and Packers.
! FRESNO. Dtc. 21.— At thp meeting this
afternoon of the directors of the Ralsin
i flowers' Association It was declared as
the sense to recommend a combine or af
eoclatlon of the ralsln-packers and to call
a masss-me«tlng of packers and growers
to be held In the future. The Idea was
favored that the growers be permitted, to
take f«tock in the proposed Packers' As
sociation. 60 that a mutuality of interests
may ie established.
-♦
Smith May Compromise.
LOB AMiKI.F.S. !•«•.. 21— <'olonel E. R
Smith of l*-nver. a well-known mining
man and capitalist. Is in the city, pre
pumalily f" < ffe<-t a compromise !n the
matter 'of the ectnte of the late N. CL
c. Colonel Smith and other." ar*>
lants In a suit to recover from thf
rjr* amount of mining property
said to have been secured by them ille
gally.
Bauer Suit Begins.
LO6 ANGELES, Dec 21.— The suit of
the woman calling hersHf the wife of
Theodore B*uer for support as such was
b.'gun h*re this afternoon. The woman
cornea from N«w York and claims to have
bttn married to Bauer, who was once the
and Latonla street, will conduct services
on Sunday morning appropriate to the
season. He will deliver a sermon on "Im
manu*»l.' and the choir will render suit
able rm^ic. On Tuesday evening. Der*»tn
the church and Sabbath-school will
?li;K carols. \VH.i:i:i) Btockl will slnff the
"Cantlque <> Noel" and a male chorus,
. I. J. Wl'.klns. H.
Br wn. \!fred Ayhnea and H N }{^vif>r
r '•Tin- Heavens Are Telling."
by Beethoven, nnri "Menu ■ ■ ;:lee,"
by H. It. I'alnior. The organist. Mrf. T.
C. Leary, will open the exercises with a
volur, • lied by Richard Spencer,
violinist There will be a Christmas tree
at the close.
yioman Cathoii'c.
' ST. BRIGID'S—
Services will be conducted In St. Brig
la's Church. Van Ness avenue and Broad
way, as follows:
Solemn high mass at U o'clock. Cele
brant. R«v. M. P. Ryan; deacon. Rev. J.
E. Cottl«: subdeacon. Rev. J. A. McAullffe.
The sermon will be preached by the pastor.
Rev. J, E. Ccttle. An augmented choir
with organ and orchestral accompaniment,
under the baton of Mme. Ellen Coursen-
Roeckel. will render the following, composi
tions: lf Kyrle" and "Gloria" from twelfth
MM (Mozart); "Credo," from mass In
G (Weber): "Panetus" from "Generall,"
niass In .. "Eenedletus" (Maseagnl): "Ag
nus Del" (Gloria): Ncvello's " Adept «•" will
be suns at the "Introlt": "Noel." (Adam),
by Ch. Pechln. at the offertory: Mme. and
Mile. Roeckel win alng Handel's celebrated
"Laudate." with full chorus and orchestra
at the exit. The different solos of the mas*
will be given by Mme. Roeckel. soprano:
Senorlta Andrea Mojlca. contralto; Ed
1,->tz, tenor, and Ch. Peohin; organist, Jo
seph Roeckel.
ST. FRANCIS—
The following musical programme will
be rendered at St. Francis Church. Vallejo
street and Montgomery avenue, which is
presided over by Rev. Terence Caraher:
At the * o'clock mas* the Youn* Ladles'
Choral will render in English hymns ap-
I propriate to the festival.
champion wrestler and Is now a large
land -owner here.
NARROW ESCAPE OF
BRAKEMAN THOMAS GREEN
During a Wreck a Piece of Flying
Cordwood Pnss?d Dangerously
Nenr His Head.
SAN RAFAEL. Dec. 21.— Thomas Green,
a brakemnn in the employ of the Califor
nia Northwestern Railway Company, had
one of the narrowest escapes from death
ever recorded to-night in a collision be
tween freight cars at the depot east of
town. Several drawheads were smashed,
air x>ipes torn asunder, a steam pipe In
the engine broken and one car thrown on
top of another as the result of the
smash-up.
The owl freight left Petaluma to-night
at 6 o'clock, with Conductor Michael
Clancy in charge and Engineer James
Donahue at the throttle. Before coming
over the hill north of town the train of
thirty cars was divided into two sections.
As the first section came down the hill a
link connecting a rta'car. loaded with
cordwood. to a boxcar, .filled with chick
ens, broke. The cars stayed together un
til the depot was reached, when they
separated In the dark, unknown to the
trainmen.
Green stood on the flatcar next the
broken link and stepped off to turn the
switch just as the crash came. The box
car wan thrown upon the tiatcar with a
noise that brought a hundred citizens to
the scene in less than five minutes. A sec
ond sooner and Green would have been
crushed to a pulp. As it was a piece of
cordwood hurtled through the air and
came within an ace of knocking his head
off. The freight was two hours late in
reaching Tiburon in consequence of the
collision. A short while ago a number of
cars were derailed In a collision at Igna
cio, and several accidents of a minor na
ture have also occurred.
WILL CARE FOR OLD MEN.
St. Joseph's Home at Stockton Is
Formally Opened.
STOCKTON. Dec 21-St. Joseph's
>'.-\ M- a was opened for the re
ception of inmates to-day. The home Is
■ttuated Just outside this city on North
tree] nd was built by and
Is under the control of the Catholics of
this city. It is one of the best situated
institutions of the kind on the coast and
bids fair to have Its full quota of tnm.it- s
within a few months. Th<-> <>p.-ning was
im.-t informal. Father O'Connor Installed
It Allen r\s resident physician ami IfiM
M<-I,ane as head nurse. The larder and
the medicine chests were BUed and ail
• iaced in readiness for the tirst pa
tient. Lawrence Gallagher and J. Cowler
are to have the honor of being the tirst
d at the home as wards of the in
stitution. They will arrive on this even
ing's train.
There are many applications In for ad
mittance to the home. They are passed
on by tho board of directors, of which
Father O'Connor. Major J. D. Poters and
Mlsb Julia Weber of this rity are a ma
■■.r.ty. and will net ft* the board in consid
ering the applications.
New Cannery.
STOCKTON. I^c. 21. -A deed was re
corded to-day by which the California
Fruit Canners' Association secured ground
for a large cannery to be built here at
once. The ground Is a Mock *V) fe«t
square and the price was 18000, The plant
will cost *30.0V>.
Securing Rights of Way.
STOCKTON, Dec. 21-Pre?ident John
Cross of the Stockton and Sacramento
Railroad passed through Stockton to-day
on his way to Lo» Angeles. He has been
over the proposed route securing agree
ment? In a few cases left to him by the
right Of way agent. Good progress Is be
ing made in securing grant* of roadway
and the projectors say the road will be
built.
Wnrehouse Burned.
LOR ANf.KI.KS. Dec. n.-The Biker
llead iraitihonea. on Seventh and Ala
rm-da str«" ts. containing several thousand
tons of hay and straw, burned this morn
ing. The loss Is estimated at $28,00,. cov
ered by Insurance. The origin of the nre
is unknown. A sm.ill COttam owned and
occupied by :i family named x^'rowel near
tho warehouse was also burned.
Orange Shipments.
LOS ANCtKLKS Dec -T— Orange ship
ments for th.j past twenty-four Ivurs.
ending at noon. ar»- as follows. Boston
I ears; ChU-ugo, ) oars: Cleveland, l car'
Cincinnati, 1 car; Fort Worth, l car; Kan
-ii- City, 1 car; New York. 1 car; New
Bedford, 1 car; Provldnce, l c*r; St
Louis. 1 car; total. 12 cars.
Stanford Strike Settled.
STANFORD 1 MVLKSITY. Dec. 21.—
The <;iee and Mandolin clubs settled their
differences with the student executive
committee and left this morning for San
Luis Oblspo. where they show to-night
Punishment for Li Hung Chang.
PKKING. Dee. 21.— L1 Hung Chang has
been appointed Acting Viceroy of Canton.
It is believed this is preparatory to his
degradation in compliance with the
French demands.
Minister Strattss Coming Horn*.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Dec. 21. -Oscar 8.
Strauss, the United Stat»P Minister to
Turkey, left Constantinople to-day for th«
United Slates on leave of absence.
♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦>■♦>■♦♦ + ♦ +
: f\i)fyen\s. :
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
At 11 o'clock solemn hlzh mass will be
*ung. Th» choir will sing Yon Weber's
mass In E flat. Soloists— Mrs. B. F. Sides.
Miss Collins. Miss Flautln. Mr Walsh and
Mr. Woodbridge. At the offertory the "Na
tivity" by H. J. Stewart will be given;
a!*o "Adeste Fldeles" by Navello. Or
ganist. Mrs. A. B. Collins.
NOTRE DAME—
On Christmas morning services will be
conducted at the Church of Notre Dame
dcs Vlctolres at 525 Bush street by the
Marist Fathers. The first mass will be
said at 6 o'clock. At the S o'clock mass a
special musical programme will be ren
dered by members of the Young Ladles'
Sodality, accompanied by a string orches
tra. They will render the following music:
"Kyrle." "Sanctus" and "AKnus Dei" of
Lah*.ehe'i mass. Achilla Artlgues will pre
side At the organ. The "Noel" of Adorn.
"Choeur d«>a Anges" and "Ad I Fideles"
will also be rendered.
Solemn high maw will be celebrated at
11 o'clock. Rev. F. A. Hamet will preach
the sermon. An augmented choir Will ren
der the ma.«s in F of Glorza, the "Noel"
of Adam, and after the mass "Sit Nomea
Domini Benedletus" of Cagllero. The sinn
ers wilt be Miss J. Oarrissere. Miss a.
Hlgtfns. Mlm O. Codenaaso. Miss Harden
. Hlckey, Mr Stantlnl. Mr. Drake. O. Fogar
ty and B. Flynn. Solemn benediction will
take place In the evening at 7:30 o'clock.
Unitarian.
FIRST UNITARIAN—
Christmas services will b« conducted at
the First I'nttaxlaji Church, corner of
Franklin and Geary street^ on Sunday
morning. The order of programme Is as
follows:
Organ prslnde, Christmas Sonata. Op. S3
CDlenel): anthem. "The Nativity" (William
E. Ha«s<:he). bass and soprano solos and
chorus; scripture reading. Old Testament.
Isaiah. zlll:l 4, New Testament. Luke. 11:40.
£1; andante, concerto D minor <Popp«r),
violoncello and organ: responsive reading;
"Glory to God" (Dudley '■ . k); anthem.
"Nazareth* 1 (Gounod), bass and alto soloe.
trio and chorus, 'cello obllgato; prayer; an
dante. Op 11 (T»ohalk"wsky), v!
and organ: hymn 3 a h" lajranned
by L. Muon): offertory. "It Came Upon the
Midnight <1«-ar" (Lansing), sopr-i
by Miss f). <?ohn; sermon; anthem. "Halle
lujah." Mount of Olives < Beethoven) ; hymn
160. "Christmas" (Han.leU: ben^ilctlon; or
jcan P"Stlude. "Hmbm" iWacbi).
The choir Is composed of the following
singers:
Miss Daiiy Cohn. soprano; Mme. Louise
Barr.ardl. soprano: Mi.«s Florence D
. .no; Miss Adeline E. Birchler, alto;
Qrace Ewlng. alt-. W. G. Wot :
ten >r; Carl Thrower, tenor; J. C. Hughes,
bass; Frederick T. Kn<-w!n*. bass: Arthur
Violoncellist: H. Bretherlck, ors&n-
Ist and chotr director.
DEPUTY SHERIFF'S
NARROW ESCAPE
Bullet in the Neck of
Frank Wilson.
BpecUl Pltpatch to The Call.
STOCKTON. Dec. 21 —Frank Wilson, a
deputy Rheriff of Walnut Grove, Sacra
mento County, lies at his room in the
Whit-- House with a bullet wound in his
neck, after a very narrow *scape from
death. Several stories have been given as
to how he received the wound. Wilson has
ill In his power to hush the matter
up. although he says that there is nothing
m\st-- it of the way in the mut
ter. The Sacramento officer has be*n con
fined to his room since last Thursday
night, when tht. a^oid* :it occurred. Wil
son came from Sacramento here, bringing
a patient for tlie Ssute Hospital.
Thursday nipht, It li claimed, he went
to his room. As he wo? about to retire
he dropped his pistol to the floor. The of
ficer made a grab to catch it. so the story
goes, and th»- butt sirvi'.k the floor just
as he was bending over it. The- bullet
smirk WHaon in th* neck, plowing around
it and ermrjrinK t>ai r. -.oulder. It
: i the windpipe and spinal
column.
Another story ■ayi that Wilson tried to
commit suicide. It is known that he did
not have a doctor until the following day.
shortly before noon, having laid bl
all night. Or. It Is «:tld that
the incident was not so much of an acci
dent a.- report< d.
Another st'TV waa that Wilson had been
shot by another, but be maintain? that it
was accidental, d. spite th to the
contrary.
MISSION MASONIC LODGE.
Installation of Officers and Presenta-
tion to the Retiring Master
and Wife.
One hundred and seventy members of
Mission Lodge, Free and Accepted Ma
sons, and seventy visitors were present
In the beautiful hall of Mission Masonic
Lodge last night to witness the Instal
lation of the following: named officers of
the lodge for the current year: Charles
A. Day, worshipful master; Charles F.
Llbby, senior warden: William C. Ordway,
Junior warden; George D. Flack treasurer:
Charles D. Bunker, secretary; Edwin W.
Tucker, senior deacon; F. A. Summers.
Junior deacon; C. E. Benedict anil George
\v. i.unt, stewards; Robert B. Burness.
organist, and James E. Parmalee, tyler.
by the retiring master. P. H. Gibson, as
sisted by Past Master \V. H. Cobb as mar
shal. Grand Master Patton was present
during the ceremonies. At the conclusion
of the Installation the grand master deliv
ered a spirited address, after which Past
Master James A. Wilson, on behalf of the
lodge, presented to retiring Master Gib
son an evidence of Its appreciation of ser
vices in the shape at a case of silver
spoons, forks and knives, and this was fol
lowed by the presentation by members of
the lodge of a line silver service to the
wife of the retiring master.
Then there was a banquet In the upper
hall, music by Mission Lodge Quartet and
responses to a number of toasts suggested
by the new master, who presided at the
head of the table.
COURT NOTES.
The case of M. H. Shepard. clerk for H.
G. Prince, agent for the Workmen's Guar
antee Fund Association, charged with em
bezzling $610 M. was dismissed by Judge
Conlan yesterday on motion of Prosecut
ing Attorney Low. as the complaint was
defective in alleging that Shepard em
bezzled the funds of the association
Instead of the funds of his employer.
Fred Miller, a well-known petty lar
ceny thief. was yesterday sent to the
County Jail for three months by Judge
Graham for stealing three pairs of trous
ers from Charles Harris, 62i Pacific street.
Fritz Bwanson, ■ big, Surly sailor, went
into Mrs. Matilda Wilson's house, 10' Clara
street, on Wednesday with two bottles of
whisky, and because she refused to par
take or the liquor he struck her on the
face, for which he will be sentenced by
Judge Graham to-day.
M. I. Hunt, who ran amuck with a
knife on Paclnc and Stockton streets on
Tuesday and threatened to kill a -whole
family, was yesterday sentenced by Judge
Conlan to pay a fine of $50. with the alter
native of fifty days In Jail, on the charge
of exhibiting a deadly weapon.
An order to show cause why the tem
porary restraining order heretofore issued
In the case of the Stuparich Manufactur
ing Company against Sheriff Martin, an
action which grew out of the case of
Maginls against Stuparich, should not be
dissolved, was argued and submitted In
Judge Murasky's court yesterday.
The Buits Instituted by Lillian Dale and
the Twinkling Star Improvement Com
pany to prevent the Board of Health from
closing the notorious Hotel Nymphla
were dismissed yesterday, and the board
will now proceed in accordance with the
resolution condemning the place.
Ellas Muscat, a sailor, was placed on
trial before Judge Lawlor yesterday for
the murder of S«-bai«tlna Otigoza de San
chez, whom he shot on the night of July
2 last In a lodging house on Broadway
and Kearny. streets. Jealousy is said to
have caused Muscat to kill the woman.
THE CALL`S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
A GREAT MASTER OF JUDICIAL ANALYSIS.
Copyright, 1899, by Seymour Eaton.
GREAT AMERICAN STATESMEN
C BMbat r< •• thi» 00OTM Profl— Of Al.A 1 . • .-t Ft '•►« - !hn Bsrh M
; •y.jLr'.ts H. Smith. Dr. Kr- I
I.aughltn and other*.
X.— JOHN MARSHALL.
For thirty-five years John Marshall was
the head of the United States Supreme
Court. He was our greatest Chief Juh- j
tlce and one of the world's greatest m <-- '
ters of Judicial analysis. Indeed, so jnvcit |
was the fame he acquired that he seenr» i
to have been destined by nature .to b>-'j
come a great Jurist. Nor were ht- Judi
cial services the only ones he rendered
his country. Long before he- becamv a
member of the Supreme Court he had
won an enviable fame as soldier, legis
lator and statesman.
Mr. Marshall was a native of Virginia,
find was born In Fauquler County tn 1~5.
He had excellent educational opportuni
ties tn his youth, but was denied the ad
vantages of collegiate training. In place
of college he entered the rough school of
war. Here he studied men Instead of
booksi he strengthened the manliness of
his character and learned to be self-re
liant. He was a soldier for nearly six
JOHN MARSHAtL.
years and fought in the memorable bat
tles of Brandyw!nf. O» rmantown and
Monmouth. Wh»n his military s< I
wf re ended he studied law and wa« soon
admitted to practice. He served his Slate
for two years in the House of Burgesses
and wa? a member of the State Executive
Council for a like period.
Mr. Marshall was not a member of the (
convention that framed the national con
stitution ; he was. however, a member of !
the Virginia ratifying convention. In this }
body there was a most pronounced orpo- j
ultlon to ratification, led by Patrick Hen- I
ry, George Mason and William Grayaon,
all of whom were able and eloquent men.
The debates took a wide range. But It
was not often that Marshall participated
in them; when he did his speeches were
devoted to only the most Important is
sues, and nearly always were replies to
Patrick Henry. He spoke with great ef- }
fectiveness; his logic was unanswerable, j
and probably to him more than to any
one else Is due the turning of the scale |
In favor of the constitution. When the j
constitution was ratified Marshall deter- j
mined to retire from public life and to I
devote himself to the law. His wish In \
this matter was not to be gratified. There j
was still a large minority hostile to the ■
constitution. Some were willing to go so |
far in s their opposition as to defeat. If
possible, the new Government. Marshall |
believed the new ord<--r should have a fair i
trial and that all the provisions of the
constitution should be enforced, and when
the opposition set out to secure the anti
federnl ascendency In the Legislature he
listened to the earnest appeals ol his
neighbors and accepted an election In that
body. He served two terms and brought
his great powers to the defense of the
federal cause and Washington adminis
tration. He was again in the Legislature
In 1795 and 175<5. At this time the country
was excited over Jay's treaty with Eng
land. In the Virginia Legislature the con
stitutionality of the treaty was assailed
on the ground that It Interfered with ttie
power of Congress to regulate commerce;
bat Marshall demonstrated the fallacy of
this argument so convincingly that the
opposition contented itself with passing a
resolution merely declaring the treaty In
expedient.
In these years Marshall had succeeded
at the law. His rise had been rapid and
he soon rtood at the head of the Virginia
bar with a large and, for that time, lucra
tive practice. He had diligently and pro
foundly studied both international and
public law and so thoroughly had mas
tered them that he had no superior in the ,
entire count! and It is very doubtful
whether he had an equal. His great U-gal
ability and the fact that he had been at
all times a powerful defender of the ad
ministration caused President Washing
ton In 1735 to Invite him to become his
Attorney General. Marshall declined this
appointment and also one the rex- year
to succeed James Monroe to France.
When he declined the latter appointment
President Washington named General
Charles Cotesworth Plnckney In his place;
but the French directory refused to re
ceive Pinckney and ordered him to leave
the country. Then no other appointment
to France was made during this adminis
tration. In June following his Inaugura
tion President Adams, hoping to re-estab
lish diplomatic relations, appointed Plnck
my, Marshall and Elbrldge •■• — as Joint
envoys; but the experiment was a failure.' *
The envoys had not been in Paris long
before secret agents of the Minister ap
proached them, demanding money. These
demands were indignantly repelled. Mar
shall drew up an elaborate paper In which,
while expressing an earnest desire for
maintaining friendly relations with
France, be set forth w.th great precision
the requirements of the United Stairs.
This availed nothing and Plnckney and (
Marshall, who were Federalists, and as
such were supposed to sympathize with ■
England and against France, were or
dered to leave French territory: Gerry,
however, who was a republican, was per
mitted to remain In Paris. Marshall Im- ;
mediately returned to the United States
and was everywhere received with demon
strations of approval. Patrick Henry
wrote a friend, saying: "Tell Marshall I
love him because he felt and acted an a
republican, as an American." Almost Im
mediately after Mr. Marshall's return.
President Adams offered him a seat on '
the Supreme bench that had been made
vacant by the death of Judge James Wil
son. This Marshall declined and then the
appointment was given to his friend,
Buahrod Washington.
As the time for the Congressional elec
tions of 179S approached. Marshall was
strongly urged to become a candidate.
Much against hid Inclination he consented
and was elected He served but one «e»
slon. During this session the republicans
made a bitter and determined attack up
on the administration. This was because
of the action of the administration In the i
case of Thomas Nash, a British subject,
charged with the crimes of mutiny and
murder. Satisfactory evidence of his
criminality being furnished, he was deliv
ered to the British authorities*. Then he
was tried by court-martial, found guilty
and sentenced to death. The fact that he
had falsely claimed to be an American
citizen led the republicans to introduce
resolutions Into the House of Representa
tives censuring the President and Judge
Bee, the Federal Judge who presided at
the habeas corpus proceedings. Marshall
hxiokc acalnst the resolutions, and com- i
pletely refuted the assumptions of law
on which they were base*!. This was th«
r9 4i. C i aJe l P the Lnit. States of the ex
tradition of an- alleged crlmln.il that arose
under International law. ami was recog
nized and enforced by a tn-atv. Mar
shal s speech Is still resided as an au
thoritative exposition of international law
°" th J* "übj^ct; It settled the principle
that have since guided the Initnl States
Government In similar cases. Thin ses
sion of Conrreßs continued till May II
beven days before Its expiration Marshall
waa nominated as Secretary of War to
succeed James Mcllenry. who had re
signed. Before his nomination wg.. con
tirmed. however, he was appointed Secre
tary of Btate In place of Timothy Picker
ing, -who, because of differences with
I resident Adams over our difficulties with
France, had been dismissed from offke.
Marshal administered this office with
peat ability. His state papers were clear
logical and unanswerable. This is true
especially of the instructions ho wrote
Rufu* kin*, our Minister to England
relative to our difficulties with that coun
try as to the right at search
In November of MOO Chief Justice Ells
worth resigned. President Adams offerM
the place to John
Jay. who declined it:
then he appointed.
Secretary MarshfiM.
who was unanimous
ly connrmed. Mar
shall was now &
years old. and till
now had never held
a judicial appoint
ment. The task con
fronting him was a
most difficult one.
There were no pre
cedents and he could
receive but little as
sistance- from books,
but with a profound
mind, a patient .ml
untiring industry
and that strong com
mon sense which Is
ever the ba*ls of
greatness, ho l.tii
the foundation and
reared "a vast e<*.l
t\<-» by wholly new
rules, under entirely
novel exigencies and
for ends and pur
en»iit and pur
poses never before,
nought." From tho
first ho WJK not on'r
th.- nominal but the
real head of th«
court. He himself
pronounced the mo*t
important decision*
of the court, tils de
cisions are found in some thirty vol
umes of the reports, and these are his
monument. They are characterized by
clearness cf thought and soundness of
lopis- they are, too. the standard and au
thority on all constitutional questions
they treat.
After Marshall went on the bench th«
incidents of his life of public Importance.
are few. In 1907. with Judge Cyrus Grlf
nn. he presided at the great state trial
of Aaron Burr. Burr waa charged with
treason md the trial, with some inter
ruptions, lasted six months. Distinguished
counsel was employed on. both sides. Wil
liam Wlrt representing the prosecution
and Luther Martin the defense. President
Jefferson was very anxious for Burr's
conviction and did what he could to se
cure It. Marshall, however, was not to
be Influenced by this. He preserved "the
most rigid impartiality and exact Justice
throughout the trial, acquitting himself,
as always. to the public satisfaction."
In I<£T> \ lrginia called a convention to re
vise her State constitution. Marshall was
a member of this body, an were also eT-
Presldents Madison and Monroe, both t>f
whom were much enfeebled by age. Mar
chall. too, had grown old, but there was
no impairment of his wonderful mental
powers. His chief interest was In the In
dependence of the Judiciary, and to s«
cure this for Virginia he gave his best
energies. He did not speak often: when
he did It was with the same great ef
fect as In earlier life. He remained on
the bench fix years longer. In the spring
of 1533. his health being Impaired, he
went to Philadelphia for medical advice;
he received little benefit, and died there
on the «th of July.
In person Marshall was tall: h* dressed
plainly and Is said to have been "some
what awkward In appearance." His pri
vate life was without a blemish and wa<«
characterized by "unassuming piety aJkf
amiability of temper." In l>3 he had mar
ried Miss Mary Willis Ambler, the daugh
ter of the State Treasurer of Virginia,
and lived with her for nearly fifty years.
His home was. the constant object of his
affections, and from all its Inmate* he
had the warmest love and the deepest
veneration. America has produced few
statesmen combining so many Intellectual
and moral qualities as Chief Justice John
Marshall.
Adelt^rt College of Western R*s«rve CnU
verslty.
COURSES OF INSTRUCTION.
Autumn-Winter Term, 1890-1900.
MONDAYS and THURSDAYS:
Popular Studies in Shakespeare.
TUESDAYS: The World's Great
Artists.
WEDNESDAYS: Defk Studies tor
Girls and Shop and Trade Studies for
Boys.
FRIDAYS: Great American States
men.
SATURDAYS: Home Science and
Household Economy.
These courses will continue until
February 15, 1900.
Examinations will be held at their
close as a basis for the granting of
certificates.
CHRISTMAS DONATION PARTY.
A Christmas" donation party was given
on Tuesday at Loyola Hall. Market and
Tenth street*, by Catholic Ladles' Aid
Society No. 10. Admission was obtained
by a package of provisions, and a larjro
quantity was received, which will be dis
tributed to the deserving poor of St.
Joseph's parish on Christmas eve. Dur
ing the afternoon articles were received
from downtown merchants, and the ladle*
of the society desire to publicly thank the
generous donors.
A musical programme was rendered by
Mlta Julia H-ff.rn.tn. William Heffer
nan. Mr*. A. Smith and M. Keef«\ after
v.hlch the floor was cleared for dancing.
An address was delivered by Mrs. Mar
«ar't Deane, grand president of the so
ciety.
The following officers of th* society ar
ranged the affair: Mrs. M Eayruether.
president: Mrs. Sam McFaddcn. Junior
vice president: Mrs. Mary Atkinson, sen
ior vice president: Miss 8. McCloskey.
treasurer; Mrs. Edward Curtis, financial
secretary : Mrs. J. M. Sullivan, recording
secretary: Mr« M Burns, marshal, and
Mrs. A. Morrissey. pu.ird.
Great bargains. "'losing out children's
books, gam«-s and doll*, cheap fc'ar.born.
Vail. & Co.. 741 Market street. • •
Daughters of St. George.
Mrs. U. Meadows, recently appointed
district deputy worthy Krand president of
the order of Daughters of St. George,
nan Installed the following naired as
the officers for the current term of Brit
annia Lodge No. 7of that order: Mrs.
8. E. Johnson, worthy past president:
Mrs. Pheb* Williams. president: Mm. S.
Clack, vice president: Mrs. Helen Wil
liams, .financial secretary: Mrs. A. E.
Creba.>ireasurer: Mrs. R. Meadows, re
cording secretary; Mrs. E. ';■»<•. chip
lain, Mr». A. Price, first conductor; Mrs.
K. Hewitt, second conductor; Mrs. E.
Wassman. Inside ruard, and Mrs. M. Jew*
Ht. outside guard.
910
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS.
\RY OF THF MARKETS.
Shipment of $421,258 to China.
Silver and Exchange as previously quoted.
Wheat and Barley quiet featureless.
Other cereals dull and unchanged.
Hay and Bran weak and dull.
Nothing doing in Beans and Seeds.
S:reet Potatoes lower. Vegetables firm,
Butter. Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Turkeys in light supply and much higher.
Game about as before quoted.
Fresh and Dried Fruits about the same.
Provisions dull at the old prices.
Meat market unchanged.
Stocks active, but unsettled and irregular.
Charters.
The «cho«e«r Era loads redwood at Eureka
tor HSlo.
Treasure Shipment.
The America Mara took out a trearare list I
cf $421,215. consisting of tiu.n: in Mexican '
<V.Uar*. I:::.:":. in gold coin and $75<,000 In sll- '
Vf-r bullion.
Exports of Produce.
Exports cf produc« from this port by »»a :
/".urlng the f.rct eleven months of the year I
• mounted to J54.C4.500. against J33.113.200 for \
the mnie time in IK'S, the leading destinations J
»»-:ng as follow*: Atlantic ports, J3.159.500; 1
<;re h t Britain. r.971.0<«; China. $2.S9S.(X>O: '
Japan. JJ.ROO.OftO; Australia. J1.72'1.700; Brltihh !
Columbia. ll.(>4C.Sf>f'; Mexico. JI.M".iOO; fentral I
America, Jl.2Sf.vXo; liawnlltn I»!ands, Jt.iSO.- ■
SOU.
Copper Trade.
The correr mines In this country produced
n.2'.f> tons In November, or 7CJ tone lens than j
for October, which was the highest monthly ;
pry-duct ever rel>on«-d. Kxports from this dun- i
try last month were lO.S'H tons, axaltmt 14.741 !
tor.s :.■ »• year. The product and exports fur j
«!even months compare as follows:
Product. Export. J
W&-Tons 215.79> * 131.59* ,
im-Tons 235.41S 1KJ.093 1
The Salmon Pack.
M. S. Lov-enthal has Issued Ms annual state
meat of th» Pacific Coast aaimon pack for
ISM, as follows:
Columbia River— spring »4.7CS |
Columbia River-fall 45.417 ;
Sacramento River — sprlcg l».feM 1
t^acramento River— fall 13.550 J
Ilc>(rue Rlvor-sprlng 4.000 '
R"inie Klver-fall l.'M >
I'UKft Sound -■• wkeyen 497.700 ;
I'ucet Sound— spring and C«"hoe« r ■•.••■ •■ j
I'tigrt Sovin.l-lall 2C3.200 j
British Coltn.iMi-Frascr River A&.m> ;
Ilrltl*h <-oluml)la — northern rivers 21'!. < XW ■
Pntlsh t'olumblH— Fra»"T River Cohf»*s
nn>l fall .' S2.WV) ,
>Uf>ka-HrrlveJ at San FranrlscA PK..523 ;
Js ';,.-..:i -.:■:■ ■■ ■'. at a 'rthern j>olnts ;
Total <- ai ws 5.1J«.f140
Tack of IKS 4 1.M>4.211 i
Tack cf ISSS 2.ft34.5i77 I
l>ark cf IS*» 2.3W.4C2 j
Ta.k of HS7 3.121.11; 1
I'ack of IW»R 2.4V4.0>X> 1
The *htr»nent« hy •. 1 from San Francls-o '•
nrnl nnrttiTn p/in* 1n is?j were 1,(j»0.»xi5 cases. '
against 959.218 In I<CV
ll 'cat her Report.
(12f>th Meridian- Pacific Tlm#.»
SAN PfIASCXSOO, Dee. 21— I p. -.
The fn^lowing are the seasonal rainfalls to
('■•'-. as ■-.;■..:-! wnh :'.*»• of same date !a»t
■jeaaan, and ralnfais In last twenty-four hours:
Last This I^ast {
STattons— 34 hours, season, season.
Eurrka C.lt 35.11 10. 02
ReJ Bluff 0.00 9.75 3.M
hscramrnto 0.00 *.» 3.H
Fun I : Yanriscj 0.00 ».f7 I.M j
Fresno 0.00 4.41 1.92
Independence 0.00 1.C6 0 61
Fan Luis Obispo O.M ».J0 131
Ixs Angeles J.M 2 14 0.81
Fan Dlero O.CO 1.»4 I.OS
Yu:na 0.00 O.DB 1.32 ;
Par. FVanrtsoo data: Maximum urcperatur*. I
tti minimum. 27; mean, 44. j
wf,a;i CONDITIONS AND ■ rrRAL. 1
FORE«rAST.
Th» pressure b.aa rU.en rapidly on the North
Pacific Coast.
It ha* tallen ger.era»ly o\*er Southern Cali
fornia, Ne\aJa an 1 ! the Rocky Mountain re
frlon.
The ar»a rif high pressure, over Utah and I
("■•lnrailo will probably move ►lowly eastward.
The t»n-.n*rature ha# risen over the Patlf.c
Oast. In tde great valleys of California the
1"n-.iieratiireii aj» fr>m « to 15 degrees below the
DortnaL
There haj> h»^n a raplfl increase In linree
€i\rr Northern < allfomla.
The following maximum wind veioriti«a are I
reported: Sun Lul» OMspo. 22 mllen ;>«'r hour '
from the ri'«rth; lndependenr*. 2* mile* north- j
west; Portland, 2*> »nuthe«u.t; Spokane, 26 south- •
W«Mit.
Torei-ajit mii)» at Sail Francisco for thirty
hours ending ml<lr.!ght, December 22. ISI'9:
Northern Oalif'>rnl»— Cloudy. unwtt>3 weather I
FVttajr. with s»i"w»rn In northrm portion; i
varmer In the int<-r«or; fresh southerly winds. I
S«uth«Tn Callfnri'.a— tTlotidy FliJay; manner
Jn the interior: ire>!i nr»rth»"«ste»ly winds.
Nevada— Omtdy, warmer FViday.
Utah — Ooudy, warmer Friday.
Arliona^-Fulr. warmer Friday.
Fan Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy, warmer I
Frnla> ; northerly, changing to freiU south- 1
tiuterlj-. wind*. 1
ALEXANDER •. MeADIE, J
Forecast Official, j
EASTERN MARKETS.
k Market.
NTTV YORK. Dec 21.— T» • stock market
fc»4 tc carry another hravy load <>f liquidation
to-day. Tradlrg was on a smaller scale than
<.n any previous: day tills w«-ek. but the tone
was feverish and un«e'.tlH<l throuiehout and
fluctuation* were conntanl. The prlsicipal sell-
Ins; preasure cam» from Ixindrn. where the
moner dlfflOJlty *a» aitßravateJ by renewed
appreher.sl< n of the aafety «ncr the Rrltish
rolumnr. In S«iuth Afrit* and the advance of
the discount rate of the Bank of France.
Muih lmj<cnanc» Mfi.ned to »«• Htta<hed to the
latter* action as an cbftacle to the acquire
ment of gold by the Rar.k of E&slantL I>m
don*« r"*""^^ open Parta was reflected In a
jump of 4 centime* In the sterling exchange
rate at Paris. Forced liquidation on the Lon
don exc)iai;.i" wm on a larse i>cale and over
flowed to the New York market. Th* Inter
nationally listed stocks were acutely depressed
tit th« f>r»nltvit an<l m-ere notable to rmke any
•;t iinnvni headway all day. In the lan hour
lljere was renewal nelllnß <>f thla group, which
forced down prices all through the railroad
ttat from 1W to i j>olnts. the . v r . ■:: •• decline
l»lng In Kwill westeiU. The lea.llng i;..-i :»lti'-s
were hlho ut the low point of the day In the
ItM hour. Tli«- t..-nr« »erf Hctlve in the late
rtrlve and *lrculaie«l storlen of a punlc ■i l#<>n
don «>n «<T»>unt <.f a lr»-Mi disaster to the Hrlt
•-!, atrr.a In South Africa. Buying tv i^over
»hf>rt nintracta ■ m-- -i »-. me M ■.; [■ i.iij.i-. but
thfy wrr« Dot w«-ll held and Urn cloming waa
• ut ■ ( .<ii? *■•!> ur.M tiled at rulistantlal lonves com
pare 4 with last olctit'a dose. A notable feut
urr of the weaktH^*. v* wan the raw yef-ter
«tny. w*n the <aty rate ruling at the time for
rail money. After lending at 7 l»er cent In the
Itinininc !■ ;.•»■ were lielng made at .'• to 3 i-er
rent at the tlnie *hen prices wore dropping
most rapidly. The weakness wa« not to much
confined t" th» »tv>rulatlve induKtrlaln ax was
the 1 us'- yt-cterday and 1f llguldatton wui be
liUf forf^d by «Jl«crlmltiatlon us to collateral*
the atandard railroad stocks were thrown uvrr
to obtain fundt for Ui* protection of holdings
of indunttiuls. Priccn in a numlwr of |m
portanl Kto» k« BBaresx ).■ •! or fell 1.. i,,w the
low point of Monday and thi« ract peemt<l to
Incline holder" to rent-wed pelllne. Brooklyn
Transit wan by no means to nOMplcuOM aa
yeiiterday. but the dealing wore very large
snd the fluctuations very wide. It was vigor
su*ly Mjpportrd in the early dealings, but ap
l>aretitly only for the pure • of mnklntr a
market for further liquidation. Supp.»it was
forthcoming from time to time during the Jay
which t hecked the downward tendency. Sugar
wim very erratic at a level heliw last night
and Ml to within >.4. 4 of Monday's low UveJ.
Metropolitan and Manhattan were acutely de
pressed, the former falling S points. The New
York gas stocks were strong during the early
dealings on rumors of a settlement of the '
gas war, but they weakened before the close.
Exoept for the continued strict discrimination
against some classes of stocks as collateral
easy conditions were maintained In the money
market. A alight decline In the sterling ex
char.ge rate might be due to engagements of
gold for shipment on Saturday, which it is
BOW taken for granted will be large. Interest
begins to center upon what th» effect of the 1
week's events in Wall street will be on the j
Saturday bunk statement.
Bonds were weak in sympathy with stocks.
Total sales, par value, J2.C4O.OiAt. i
United States 3s and the old 4s advanced >, j
In the bid prices.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing '
Sold. Uld. I
U',700 Atchlson 17
SS.ISi Atchlson prefd 664
7,7€7 Baltimore .v Ohio 4»
?0i Canadian Pacific 57U
3"0 Canada Southern 454 '
10.MS CheF.apeake & Ohio 2s' , !
3.H3 Chicago Oreat Western 11' 4 ,
lo. •>:■■ Chicago Burlington & Qulncy ... 117*»
200 Chicago lIIJ A. .11--. Ills 14
!• • Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd . 42
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 95
l,2:o Chicago ek. Northwestern IMS
IL»S Chicago Hock Island & Pacific 103** I
LOOO C C C & St I^ouls £74 '
2,0*0 Colorado Southern 6 j
ll«0 Colorado Southern Ist prefd 374
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 13*
L37S Delaware & Hudson 112
1.528 Delaware l.a< Kawar.na & Western l7o t
4ii» Denver A Rio Grandu l«»i 1
LOO Denver <fc Rio Grande prefd 64V» |
—1 line lft's
1.&4 Krle lit rrefd 2»*»
2.445 Great Northern prefd 162 |
Hocking Coal 13
Hocking Valley 30
10.773 Illinois Central iti'K
100 lowa Central 11» % I
Ll'* lowa Central j,rvfd 47
573 !;«!»;■> City l'ittsburg & Gulf 74
itW Lako Erie & Western 20
I/Sik<» Erl>- 4 Western prefd 78
I^ake Shore 210 |
10.455 LouUviile & Nashville 74V» j
17.721 Manhattan Elevated tB% '
1K~:. Metr.'j olitan Street Railway — ir.3 '
I.OJO M.xhan t>i:tral *»«, |
Minneapolis & 8t Lluls 55
2Vt» Mitineai>oliF & St Louis prefd 00
S.OJ MlsMmrt Pacific r.ti'i
Mobile A Ohio 3S
M!«:ourl Kansas & Texas 10
1,200 Mihtnuri Kar.sa!" & Tovas prefd.... 2^*i
1.2 M New Jer.'ry <"entral 112
IC.TTO New York Central 127*;
6.€W Norfolk & Western 2U t
2,wn» N(.rfcik ft Western pr«fd «ii .
14.1i0 Northern Pn.-lfic 49» 4
4, .'1S Northern pH<-!flc profd 7"4
5.71U Ontario & Western JO\
On>Kon Railway & -IV 
«>r*-Ron Hallway & Nay prefd 76
11 2s<> Pt-iinsylxania 1K»;
2.44.S Hending 16\
l.^O Reading Ist jrefd 46»»
1,770 H.adlr.K 2«1 lnfd 24
Rio Grande Western 41
Rio Grande Western prefd t3
230 Pt Louis & Han Fran »•»
Bt Louis & San Fran let prefd fi9
L«0 St I.ouis & San Fran 2<2 prefd 2? l i
1.10" B( Louis Southwestern 10')
2.110 St Louis Southwestern prefd 21* 4 ■
25.71-5 St Paul 114-% I
Ft Paul prefd I<U
€00 Pt Paul & Omaha 11l ;
US. CO Southern Pacific 33'>,
3.4^1 Southern Railway 10T,
S.fc2l Southern .allwsy prefd f-04
l.€f>o Texas *• Pacific 13 »
50.i.0 l.'nlon J'a, he 4m
13,770 T'nlon Pacific prefd 70'»
20") Wabarh " v i
MOO Wabash i>r.-f.'. Wit
7.0T0 Wheeling & Lake F/rie .... 7T»
COCO Wheeling & I^ake Brie M prefd.... 23 1
1.433 Wisconsin Central 15' i \
Exrrcss Comi«Lnles—
Adams 11l
American 137
I i •■■•1 States 41
Wells Fargo IIS
Miscellaneous—
?2? Ann-rlcan totton Oil 31>;
American Cotton Oil prefd 92
12.1 American Malting 7H
2.110 American Malting prefd 2«» i
1.200 Am Smelting & Refining 3"> 4
l."00 Am SmeltinK A- Refining prefd II
American Ht>!rlts 2
American Spirits prefd 17
2W Ainerlcaii St<«>l H»»ip *S
.--i.-.-i!. Steel U<»ip prefd 7<
26.«;yt American St^l & Wire 404
t4« Americaji Steel A- Wire prefd ST
1.C50 American Tin Plate 2r.<i |
Anieticßii Tin Plate i.ref ( 76 J
24.W American To»>a<-r, fc7'4
3im American 'i'oNacco prefd 130 j
4.247 An:i'-<>n«ia Mining <\> 334
lOv.m Rrnnklyn Rapid Transit C«S
1.72H Colormdo Fart & Iron ?'
J.S<75 tvmtlti'-ntal Tofincco 27' i
I.OCO •.Mental Tbhaooo prefd 7»>i
r,.«r.:. FMeml Steel 44«*
2.94'» Federal Steel prefd 70
2.2 M) Genera! Electric 117*4
1.2.".7 Gluoorfe Sugar S<t* t
<;iuci»se Sugar prefd X
1.400 International Paper ..... 13
4(0 International Paper prefd 64
I^sirlede Gh* 75
214 National IJlscult J34
150 National Biscuit prefd 90
7CO National I-^ad 23» 4
mo National l^ead preM 103
V<) National Steel 31;
1M National Steel refd £7U
22>> N.-w Y. rk Air Brake us
S.filO North American 13 » I
Pacific <v.«.«t 45
Pacific Crmut Ist" prefd SO
;. Par-inV «.Via»t 2d ppefd t5
4.4r5 Pacific Mall 3714 I
15.375 I'^ople's Gas 92*1
300 pr*. F ,^,i steel Car .',;', I
*■>■■ Prcfc;w<l Steel <*ar prefd Xl
W0 Pullman Palare Car Hi
«3<\ Stnndard Ho;* & Twin" 9
M.OM !K«r in Vi
2 f » igai rrefd 1114 ;
S.l^O Tennessee Coal A Iron 7514
4.420 Vnlte<l States leather j;jx
\.<XA Unlte.l State* l,.;i".rr prefd.... CS
600 United States RuhLer J3»i
214 United States Rubber prefd 101
a/.™ Western Unli>n rji/
MS Rej.uMlc Iron A Steel " m
22.*. Rej/üblic Iron & Steel prefd f2
PCC« St 1 Mi. 6S T i
721. 1P0 Shares *o\4.
CLOSING BONDS.
C S 2s reg IK Hi <1» *« .... 8U
do 2* 110* 4 N V Con lrm H2» 4
<Jo I1«H NJ On K .»n 65...115« i
do new 4r reg 113>j No Carolina 6? ...127
do irup 1M\» ; do 4. 107
do old *- reg lUU.No Pac ists .. no
do mup 1I1V»' do 2s C3u
do S» reg 11l ; do is j(.»
<1o «"f>up US KTC& St L 45.".104' i
Dls nt rol 3.6.15. ..11« Norf * TV con 4s g»
Ala 1 lass A IWi d.. «tn €s 'us
do II 11l .Or Nay Ute 10s
do C lftl I do IS mi
dn currency 100 Or I Line is.. r>7
Atchlson gen 45... W> ( do r.in En \f\*
Ai *''J •■ 77 'Reading gen 4s ..'. K3",
fan Bo Ms 1<« 'R G W Ist. . 9",t/. '
Che* * Ohio V\t.. •.<SVj St L A I M «-on 5s 107^.
<*■> f'« 11l Pt L& S F pen 6*. 120
C & N W con 75. .N0 St Paul cons . i«j
do B F deli En. ...114 !iM 1» C & Pac lffts.im;
«"hl Term 4s •'-' ( do '- hb
D & H G iKts 10144 So Railway f« '"107
do 4s 97U S Ro;>e & T c..;;: 79
V. T Va & Ga lsts.!<« ,Term new set 3» 90
Erie en 4« «7H,Tex & Pac 15m. ...n0
Ft W & D C IMS.. 67 j do 2ds ||
General Elec fs in jl.'nlon Pac 4s - *Mget
G H A S A C5....U0 1 Wabash lst» v : t\
fio 2d< .., IQS I do 2d» »m 2
II*& T Cen Ss....loi*«i;West Shore 4« ....ill
do con C* no ;W|s Cen Ist" RS't
lowa I'm l«ts 107 !\"a cei.r S4
X C P A <; Ist*.. ■<•- da deferred f.»:
La n«v.- con 4» Iv 7 0010 A.- Sou 4s .... SOU
1. A: Nash, ml M V»'4 Sou Par 4s 77
MX & T 24» .... M I
MINING STOCKS.
I Chollar 10 Ontario' 700
Crown Point 11 Opblr 65
Con (?al & Va 1 M Plymouth s
Deadwood 50 Quicksilver 1 »
Gould & Curry 10; 1> prefd 700
Hale & Norcross... 25 Sierra Nevada 40
Hnmevtake 65 00 Standard : 1 .)
! Iron Silver M Union Cnn t%
I Mexican Yellow Jacket. j>
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 22. 1899.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— (West End 91
Pal! loan.- I*l Do prefd 112
Time l'>ans atpl.vVls Central IS*
Stocks— ;Domlnion Coal 41V 4
Atch T& St Fe.... IT*, Ik. prefd 113
Do prefd mv, Bonds—
American Sugar . .1214'Atchison 4* 96
Do prefd ll': : -. Mining Shares—
Bell Telephone 344 Adventure 8
Boston & Albany. 141 Allouer Mln C 0.... 8
Boston Elevated.... M Atlantic L'lU
Boston & Maine. ..l 93 {Boston & Mont 261
Chi B & Q 117\<Kutte a.- Boston... 41
Ed Klec 111 20S Calumet & Hecla..7:o
Kitchtnirg prefd. 1!" ICentennlal 16
Gen Electric 117 *;! Franklin 13%;
Do prefd IE Hun, l, ildt 1
Federal Steel 4O 4 r>h,-..,,ia 67
Do prefd ■ ... Parrot H
Mexican Central... t^j Qulncy 133
Mich Telephone 100 St re Copper .'.V*
Old Colony 200 Tamarack 175
Old Dominion Winona 5
Rubber 33«« ! Wolverine 384
Union Pacific 41>, Utah Mining 23 •
Cnlon Land 2\i
Nezv York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. Money on call, steady
at 257 per cent; la*; loan, 4; ruling rate. 6: ,
prime mercantile paper. »4if<> per cent; ster
ling exchange easier, with actual business In
bankers' bills at ** S74@* f>7>i for demand and
f4 SO*4&4 f>r\ for sixty days: potted rates,
»4 *IVj?4 &2 and 14 68H: commercial bills 14 (■■'>»
64 SC- 3 *; silver certificates. f.s» 4 'St9'i»«: bar sil
ver, 69c; Mexican dollars, 474.-; Government
bonds, strong; State bond*, weak; railroad
bonds, weak.
London Market.
NEW YORK. Dec 21.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's I<ondon financial cablegram says:
The markets here began rather harder to- I
day, and prices were marked up early on small
dealings, the main Influence If Ing the failure
of the Bank of England directors to advance !
the minimum discount rate. Later there wa*
forced liquidation In American and African
mines, a big firm of brokers who are still In i
deep water throwing ever their stock. Fur
ther depression was caused by the action at
th» French bank in advancing Its discount
rate Ito 4 ; * per cent. The close, was at the
worst.
The markets pre looking a bit ugly In view
of the heavy settlement. Consols sold down
to 9S.
Paris sold freely, especially Africans and
Copper "hares on the rise In the discount rate.
Spanish 4- were f3 l ». Ttntos. in which there •
is a big Frvnoh bull account, were - 14.l 4 . Ana- ,
condas were 61 3-16. Other copper shares were
neglected.
Americans opened fractionally above parity,
but the fresh liquidation broke the market, ;
which closed nervous at the bottom. Th
bank bought £12,000 gold In bars and £::,000
in French coin.
Money was easy, but there was a growing '
pressure for fixtures Into January at 3H??6 per
cent. Bills were easier In the morning, but I
hardened later on the news from Paris. The
bank did a small business in Mils and mad* '
no loans. The market thinks the bank will
avoid a rise in the rate desulte the action in
France. The Austro-Hunganan bank decided
to make no further change in Its discount nit-
The Dank of Bombay raised its rate from 6
to 1 per cent.
CLOSING
LONDON, Dec. 21.— Canadian Pacific. 5cr.. ;
Union Pacific preferred. 72* i: Northern Pacific I
preferred. 72: Atchlson. 1S\»: Grand Trunk. '
C\; Anaconda, CC 1*;1 *; bar silver, quiet, 27 l-16d
per ounce.
New York Gram and Produce.
NEW YORK. Dee. 21.— Flour— Receipts, ML
MS bbls; exports. OH. The market was again
very slow, but steady, closing firmer for
Wheat; winter extras. |2 r.*.-y 2 93.
WHEAT— Receipts. 45.900 bushels;! exports,
119,f1S bushels. Spot, steady; No. 2 red. 74c
f. •• b. afloat; No. l Northern Duluth, TS'ic
f. o. b. afloat, nominal; No. 1 hard Duluth.
SO'ie f. O. b. afloat; No. 2 red. 72% c elevator.
options opened steady and unchanged on bet
ter cables than expected, but soon developed
weakness under small clearance* and short sell-
Ing. In the afternoon, however, Chicago bull*
started a scare on war rumors and reports of
lower consols, but promoted a sharp advance.
with active covering. The market closed firm
at net advance. March. 74*iiJ75*»e,
closed 74 7 Cc: May, 74> < aT3\ 4 c. closed 76c; July
closed at 75Hc; December, 72HS^24c, closed
72« T c. "
HOPS— Quiet.
HlDES— Steady.
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEB Futures clcsed steady. 5 points
lower to v points net higher. Total pales 20,500
bags, Including January, J5 83: March, !•>;
April. 16 OS; May, 10; July. 16 20; September.
t«3n: November. V> 40. Spot— Rio quiet. Mild.
steady.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; refined, steady.
BUTTER Receipts. 347« packages. Market
Heady; Western creamery. 23f1270; June cream
ery. 23»i?2:.uc.'i factory. 15H620C.
EGGS — Receipts. 6132 packages. Market
steady; Western ungraded at mark. IC32IHc;
Western. 21'024c, loss off.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. Dec. 21.— Evaporated Apples
ruled moderately active and steady, with no
radical change la prices. Country advices con
tinue unfavorable.
California Fruits held firm.
STATIC EVAPORATED A PPLES— Common.
6ij6%c; prime. f\ -7 . chole-e. <:•■-.•. fancy,
f>',fj&c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNBB— per
pound as to sire nd quality.
APRICOTS- Royal, 13'<?15c; Moorpark. U^lSc.
PEACHES— PeeIed. 20ff22c; unpe^i-ri. "V»@loc.
.Vac York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Dec 21.— The market In general
was very quiet and devoid of pronounced
change In prices. Tin and lead continued fairly
steady on moderate demand and absence of
selling pressure, while pig Iron warrants were
neglected and tending downward. The cable
and other news wan about a." expected. At the
close the Metal Exchange called:
PIG [RON Warrants lower for futures.
LAKE COPPER Very quiet; $16 50.
TIN - st. ady at PH>] 25.
LEAD— Steady, at J4 70«14 75.
SPELTER— DuII, at |4 l^* 65.
The brokers' price for lead Is $4 45 and for
copper $16 U)@l6 75.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Dec. 21. -At the beginning of the
pension the wheat market derived a tone of
| steadiness from the fact that Liverpool was but
! little depressed In the face of the decline of \c
hire yesterday. Dometstlc receipts, too, were
conspicluously Hunt. The market was very
dull, dealers exerting themselves In order to
even (lii in preparation for the holidays. May
opened *^c over yesterday at l :..ii»i f «*»o. The
' Price Current estimate of the exportable surplus
1 for January 1 of 12,&>Q.000 caused some loosen
ing. May dropping to 69>;c. Until the receipt of
1 the news that the Hrltinh Government had char
tered several ocean greyhounds for trnn«|M.rt
purposes tmde was light and fluctuations rather
narrow. This Information, despite the fact that
It had been known that Kngland would have to
take some such meahure to transport her volun
teers, permed to mike ehorts as an indication
of the serious condition of things and they pro
ceeded to cover. May advanced to T'JijTC'nr, and
eai<e.l off on selling aiciinet calls, closing «»c un
at C?^©«9\c.
Corn was firm with local bulls buying under
the Influence of wheat, and shorts covering.
May closed •> v <- over yesterday at 3'V-.
Oats were dull. but toward the close felt the
■ strengthening Influence of wheat, which put a
; lilt of ll'e In the trade. May closed \'i\,~ over
yesterday at Me.
Provisions were firmer than they have been
recently steadied early by better prices at the
! yards and no- .1 Fhlpplng demand toward the end
j by the advance In wheat, which caused some
covering by ■aorta. The market was fairly act
ive. May pork closed a shade higher at $10 ■
©10 27>*. May lard 10c higher at |5 « and Ma
ribs s«7'ic up at *5 4214,9* 4.'.. y
The leading futures ranged as follow*:
Article*- Open. High. Low. Close.
V heat No. 2—
1 "':-.:::::::::: CSH » S »
May 63H 70V4 esu m
Ju c^-xo:-2--- 70 "» » »
K^.:::::::::: so>4 joh Kg 3os
i Januan- 304 30', s»\ 30V
May N ;;.^ "■ "* 22$ 33
Oats No. 2—
December 22 22' i 22 5214
May cm 24' i 23»i M '
Uoa Pork, per barrel- "" " 4
January !> W) 10 00 8 87V4 995
Mai • ........10 2714 10 30 10 124 10 274
l^rd. per 100 pounds— "' "
January 632 545 6 32 4 645
May IB C 65 5 65 i 63
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds—
' January It 5 27H 520 5 27U
May 640 645 6 37H 545
<-'ash quotations were as follows: FTourT
steady; No. 3 Fprlng wheat. «4'«i«S<-; No. 2 red'
£922£ : Nrt - : corn - SMttfMTic: No. 2 oats!
I 22ViS22»;c; No. 2 white. 2als,S2iKc; No. 3 white,
24^S-25Hc: No. 2 rye. 61c; No. 2 barley. 35045 c:
No. 1 flaxseed. $1 4*4; prime timothy seed,
12 35; mess pork, per barrel. $8 70©10; lard, per
100 pounds, » lO©s 40; short ribs sides (loose).
|5 15455 45: dry salted shoulders (boxed). ISQ
s*4c: short clear sides (boxed). Jo 40©5 60;
whisky, distillers' finished goods, basis high
wines, per gallon, Jl 234; sugars, cut loaf.
5- 70 c; granulated. 6.18 c.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 36.000 39,000
Wheat, bushels .122.000 3,000
Corn, bushels , IRI.OOO 103,000
Oats, bushels 164.000. Us.M
Rye. bushels 8,000 3.000
Barley, bushels 29.000 11.000
On the Produce. Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creamery. 16325 c: dairy,
16{i22c. Cheese, tlrm; l» 4 ©l3c. Eggs, firm;
fresh, 20c.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. IK-r. May.
Opening 6 I<H, I 104
Closing 6 10S 6 10*»
PARIS.
Wheat— Dec. Mar. -June.
Opening is 70 IS 45
• Cloning IS 70 IS 15
Flour—
Opening :4 40 25 45
Closing jm 25 25
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Dec. —CATTLE— Good to
choice beef steers 5c higher; light and Inferior
kinds, slow; Texans, firm, 10315 c higher;
cows and canners" stronger; stockers and feed
ers, steady. Good to choice, 15 50«?6 75; poor
to m«dlum. $4 25©5 30; mixed stockers. $3«j3 75;
selected feeders. 14 20®4 60; good to choice
. cows. 13 60©4 60; heifers. $3 lido; canners. $2
j @3: bulls, J2 50©4 35; calves. J4®7; fed Texas
| beeves, $4 35@5 30.
HOGS— Heavy opened stronger, closed weak.
Light shade lower; mixed and butchers'. $3 90
<B4 l"Vi; good to choice heavy. $4©4 15: rough
heavy. S3 toy 3 95; lights. 13 $034 10; bulk of
sales. J4 0534 1214.
SHEEP— Market strong and active; good
lambs. 10£ Mc higher, common grades, steady
to strong. Native wethers. $3 90@4 SO; lambs,
J433 75; Western wethers. J4g-4 60; Western
lambs. 14 75£j.*i 60.
Receipts— Cattle, €900: hogs, 32.000; sheep.
9t»JO.
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Dec. -To-day's statement
of'the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $a:'.l&6,310"; gold reserve,
J241.423.427.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Dec. 21— Clearing. $259,391; bal
ances, 133,332.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON. .
PORTLAND. Dec. 21.— The wheat market has
taken on a holiday character, slightly In ad
vance of the holidays, and there is nothing do
ing except on a very moderate scale. Consider
able off jrrade wheat. is offering at low prices,
and some of it Is being taken up for shipment
to San Francisco for mixing purposes. No. 1
Walla Walla Is quoted at 52c and perhaps a
shade more Valley Is easy at 51652 c; Blue
Stem, nominally, Be.
Foreign wheat shipments from Portland for
the week ending to-day were 435.63S bushels.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Dec. 21.— N0 change In wheat.
Club. 51c. Blue Stem. 53c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Dec. 21.-Consols. 9S«i; silver, 27
1-16.1; wheat cargoes off coast, buyers and sell
ers apart; cargoes on passage, rather easier;
No. 1 standard California, 29s 9d; English coun
try markets, Quiet.
LIVERPOOL, Dec. WHEAT — Steady:
wheat In Paris, dull; flour In Paris, dull;
French country markets, firm.
COTTON— Uplands. 4 5-16 d.
CLOSING.
OORN — Spot American mined, quiet, 3« M.
Futures, ijul^t; 1 ••cemher. 3s 6d ; January. 3s
■ « Pebroary, 3s t.\(\
WHKAT Si^.t No ! red Western winter.
dull, it 9'} d. No. 1 N irtliem spring, flrni, >Is
llSd. Futures, dull; March and May, 6s 10>Sd
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty day*.... — M «»H
Sterling Exchange. sight — 4 8»H
Sterling Cable* — 4 884
New York Exchange, sight — 124
Htm York Exchange, telegraphies — 16
Fine Silver, per ounce — 19
Mexican Dollars — 484
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT-The Kelat take* for Cork 11,100 ctl«.
valued at JC1.711.
Futures were somewhat stronger In sympathy
with Chicago. Spot prices were unchanged.
There was little news from Chicago. The
market was dull and easy. with operators bear
ish and short. Scalpers were oversold and ner
\. as on account of the decline In consols. The
Price Current gave the condition of growing
wheat as good. The Interior movement wad
light. Liverpool was vi lower.
Spot Shipping. ?7Va?»*c; milling. $1
Ql 024.
CAM- BOARD SALES.
Informal S«>sslon-9:15 o'clock— May— l4,ooo
ctl*. $1 06: MM, Jl to'».
Second Session— May- MN etls. $106.
Regular Morning Session— May— 4ooo ctls,
$105,'.. December. 1900-4900. $11014.
Afternoon Session-May— MM ctls. $1 05 V
BARLEY The Helrnsburgh takes for Cork
16.02: ■is. valued at MMN, Including 2S.SOS ctls
Chevalier at 131.300.
The market continues dull and easy at the de
cline already noted.
Feed. 7n«?77Uc for No. 1 and (o^T2%e for off
grades; Brewing and shipping grades. B(KgS74c;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL. BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second BCMIoO- No sale*.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session— May— COW oils. 74*ic
OATS— The market is dull and unchunged.
White, $1 Wtl 30; Red. $1 07461 20; Gray.
Jl 07H81 174: niack. 974c«Jl 074.
CORN— Eastern White Is quoted at $1024®
1 or. par rtl. and Eastern yellow at $1 0601 15.
11VK $10 1 05 per ell.
IH( KM 11KAT-Quote<l at $1 9002 16 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUn— California tamlly extras. $3 80©3 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras, JS 40©3 60; Oregon
and Washington. $3 40@3 60 per bbl for extra,
$3 js©3 40 for bakers' and $2 2593 for superfine.
M I LLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks an» as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. 13 25 per 100 lbs;. Rye Flour. $2 76. Rye
Meal. $2 60; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal, $2 50;
Oat Groats. $4 CO; Hominy. IS 2503 50; Buck
wheat Flour. $404 25: Cracked Wheat. 13 75:
Farina, $4 60: Whole Wheat Flour. 13 60; Rolled
n.-it.H (barrels). J6©7 26; In sacks. *i 75©7;
Pearl Barley. $5; Bplit Peas. $5; Gre«n Peas.
$5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Bran Is very weak and dull. There Is no
change In Hay. the market remaining soft and
dull.
BRAN— til .'.0*13 60 per ton.
MII)DLINGB-J17e20 per ton.
FEEDSTrFFS-Rolled Barley. $18 60^17 60
per ton; Ollrnke Meal at the mill. J26ff27; Job
bing. $27 WS2S; Cocoanut Cake. JI0S21; Corn
meal. J23 sOii|24 JO. Cracked Corn. $244r2Ti; Mixed
Feed, $1« K«Sl"; Cottonseed Meal, |28 per ton.
HAY— Wheat. $7 60g8 60 for common to good
and ISQ9 60 for choice; Wheat and Oat. $74j9-
Oat. »6 t.f>li«; Barley. $506 60; Alfalfa. $561 p«r
ton; Compressed. J7&10 per ton.
STRAW-36i800c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
There is nothing new to report In this mar
ket
BEANS— Bayos. $3 25«3 60: small White. $2 90
03: large White. $2 40^2 60; Pinks. $2 6off2 75;
Reds. $3 25^3 60; Blackeye. $4 60«4 75; Butters
nominal: Lima. $4 90®5; Pea, $301 25; Red Kid
neys. t3 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. 3«?3He; Yellow 1
Mustard. 4Q4H; Flax. $2 12U; Canary, 3>4c per
lb lor California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa. :
7sßc; Rape, 24®3c; Hemp. *nv. c; Timothy.
4U44C.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 50« l 90; Green. $1 75 '
62 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes and Onions are quiet. Vegetables
are firm, with moderate supplies. Sweet Pota
toes are weaker. •■: S
I"1 Aims Karly Rose. 90095 c; River Reds.
G0&70c; Mnrbanks. 6O«b6c per sack; Salinas Bur
banks. Jitji*;; Oregon Burbanks. 4i»rfi'sl 10:
Sweet Potatoes. for River and 11 25©1 M
for M erred.
ONIONH-75ce$l 25 per ctl for all kinds.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. sffsc per Ib;
String Brans, 6gSe: Cabbape. WftiAc; Los An
geles Tomatoes. $1 50^2: E«g Plant from I*os
Angeles, lie; Cucumbers, $1, Dried Okra, 124 c
per lb; Garlic. StiSVtc; Green Peppers from Los
Angeles. 3fj-4c; Dried Peppers, B©lo c; Carrots,
30®40c per sack: Los Angeles Summer Squash.
|1 25 per box; Marrowfat Squash, $20 per ton;
Mushrooms, nominal.
Poultry and Game.
Dressed Turkeys are the feature at th« mo
ment. They are In light supply and higher,
with a quick demand. Eight cars have been
received from the East during the week, and
are about all sold. Still higher price* were ex
pected by dealers. Other Poultry remains
about the same.
Game Is quiet and steady.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 15317 c for Gob
biers and l.'.'iMTi- for Hens; Dressed Turkeys H
•M-.-. Geese, per pair. $1 ::.,,:. -..:: .--." $175
62; Duck*, $4&4 60 for cl.l and <> M'.tj 50 for
young; Hens. $3 50<j4 DO; Young Hoo3ten> $4<iJ
4 50; Old Roosters, 13 60^4; Fryers. $3 SOCg4-
Broiler*, 13 MO4 for large and $3'»3 so for
small; Pigeons, $1 per dozen for old and SIMM
tot Squab*.
GAME— Quail. Jl 75; Mallard. $3^4; Canvas
back. $4'«6; Sprits $2142 50; Teal. U1563; Wid
geon. $1 75: Small Duck. $1 50; Doves He
per dozen; Hare. $150; Rabbits. $1 T.a'J Gray
Geese. $3 60©4; White. II 50; Brant, $1 lift! io-
Honkers, $.',; English Snipe, $2 Coii3 per dozen'
Juck Snipe, $1 60.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Supplies of all kind* are about equal to the
demand, and quotations show no change
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 24c; seconds, 21«
23c. "
Dairy— Fancy. 21c; good to choice, 17H®2Oc;
common, 13Q16c.
Eastern-17'tflSc.for ladle oacked.
; CHEESE— Choice mild new. 12^c: old HHc;
i Young America. 12H(*13c; Eastern. tfU^Uc:
Western. 13%©i5c per lb.
EGGS— at 22Va25c for store and 303
3. ,c per dozen for ranch. Eastern— stor
age lseiSc for firsts and 15c for seconds;
fresh. 21623 c per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
There are a few Grapes on the market for
Christmas, but they are very slow at 50t?75e per
crate.
There is no change in Apples and Citrus
Fruits.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples— 3s©6sc per box for common. 75cSJl
for good, »i 2S@l 50 for choice and $1 78^2 few
fancy i-pitzenbers*.
Strawberries. Jl 6C83 for large:
Cape Cod Cranberries. $7 109* '0; Coos Bay
I Cranberries. $150 i-r.box.
Persimmons. HSSe per box.
A"l™* r Pean "- Eoces2 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS-Navel Oranges. $1 6Otf2 23
per box; Seedlings, ll'/fi 50: Japanese Manda-
r J n ". $1 50« l 75; Pomelos. $1 50#2 60; Lemons. $1
VI 50 for common and 3j'-i3 j '-i 4 for good to choice;
Mexican I'lm<>BI ' lm<>B - *«*?* M: California Limes. 25t*
.., : A Bananas - $1 So'a3 P er bunch : Pineapples.
13 oO©4 Per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUITS-Prunes. in sacks. 4Uc for
40-50>. 4©4Uc for 50-60's. 3'-4c for 60-70>. ■?>,.•
for 70-80's, Sc for SO-Ws and t%e for 90-100's.
Apricots. 11S13C for Royals. 12Ufli«c for Moor
parks and 12^140 for Blenheims; Peaches. 5©
5Hc for Standards. Ctf«u c for choice and 7e for
fancy; peeled Peaches. 12V»S15c: Evaporated
Apples, 7©7*ic; Sun-dried. 5t?5«4e per lb: Nec
tarines, vi,,, . per lb for red; ant ji.,, for
quarters and S'glOc for halve*; Black Figs. *9
3Hc: White Figs. tQtc; Hleached Plums. B®9c:
Unbleached Plums, Tv: 1 -- for pitted and IV
for unfitted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb. 10c; choice, |c; standard. 8c; prime. «c: un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. S4c; choice. ;y ; standard. 6He;
prime. sc; unbleached Sultanas. sc; tieedless.
50-lb boxes. 6c; 2-crown loose Muscatels. 5Hc;
3-crown. a\r: 4-crown. 7c; London Layers.
l-crown. $160 per box; 3-crown. SI 60. Fancy
Clusters. J2; Dehesa. $2 60; Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California.
NUTS — Chestnuts, BfMoc: Walnuts. S©9c
for standards and 9fjloc for softshell: Al
mond*. n<ifil2c for paper-shell. HJlOc for soft
an 1 4SGc lor hardshell; Peanuts. s»i©«%c for
Eastern and Be for California; Brazil Nuts.
7H'Ssc; Filberts. 1!©124c; Pecans. Il'al3c;
Cocoanut*. $-1 M'ffa.
HONEY— Comb. HH'ffllc for bright and lOH'W
lie for light amber: w*t»r white extracted. 74
'(/>«.; light amber extracted. 6\jr7c. dark, sVjc
per lb.
BEESWAX-:4g:Ce per lb.
Provisions.
Trade is dull and of a holiday character.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. *%C per lb for
heavy. »W for light medium. 10V4c for light.
l!Hc for extra light and 13e for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12©12V4c: California
Hams, nominal; Mess l)eef, $12 per bbl; extra
Mess. $11: Family. $14: extra Prime Pork. $14 CO;
extra clear. $17 60; Mess, $18 50; Smoked Beef,
14tfl4Hc per lb.
LARD — TI«ro»» quoted at 6'i<* per lb for
compound and 74c for pure; half-barrels, pure
8c: 10-lb tins. B%c: 6-lb tins. S*;c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. T%(fl%e per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDEB AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy raited
steers. 12c: medium, lie; light. lO4<\ Cowhides.
Mining Candles— Sixes. 16 as, 40 sots. HVjc per
set: sixes. 1* ox. 30 sets, ll*;c; sixes. 14 oz, 40
•ets. 10v,c; sixes. 14 o*. 20 sets. 10*« c; sixes. 12
oz, 20 sets. 9\c; sixes. 10 oz. 20 sets. 9c;
twelves. 12 ox, 40 sets, hotel. lC^c Parafflne
Wax Candles. White— Ones. 14 oz. 25 sets. 1214 c
per set; twos, 14 or, IS sets. 12lic: fours. 14 nz,
3*i nets. 12Uc; sixes. 14 oz, 36 set*. 121,.-: twelves
14 ox. ii sets. i:\c; Colored, lc higher.
TALIX>W— No. 1 rendered. 6c per lb; No. 5.
4c; refined. 6V4c; grease. 2Vic
WOOI^
Fall clip. San Joaquln plains, OfflOc; South
ern, 8610 c; Middle County. Ilffl3<:. Humboidt
and Mendoclno, l*!^l7c; Eastern Oregon. l-'ul '■■.
Valley Oregon. 17£18 c: Northern Mountain.
free. 11914 c; Northern Mountain, defective lOtt
lie Der lb.
HOPS— 6^9c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF— 7S7Hc per lb for Steers and Sft27c
for Cows.
VEAL— SeiOc per lb.
MUTTON— Wether*. 7c; ewes, lUi- pe r lb
LAMB-SfSSiJc per lh.
PORK— Live Hogs. s«;c for small. 5«4c for
medium and r.fjs«;«' for large; stock Hogs and
feeders. s>%©s^c; dressed Hogs. 78SHc.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 7fi7>ic; Wool
Bans. 25630 c; Fruit Bags, 6c. 6\;c and H| for
the three grade* of white and 7V»c for bleached
Jute.
Wellington. $S per ton; New Wel
lington. $3; Southfield Wellington. $7 10;
Seattle. $7; Bryant. $7; Coos Bay. J3 60; Walls
end, $8; Co-operative Wallsend. JS; Scotch. ;
Cumberland. $10 In bulk and $11 50 In sacks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $13. Cannel. \3 50
per ton; Coke. $15 per ton In bulk and $17 in
sacks.
SUGAR— Th» Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quote* terms net cash. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. s*»c:
Powdered. s*4c: Candy Granulated, -. Dry
Granulated. 4 T tc; Confectioners' A. |%c: Cali
fornia A, ; Magnolia A. 4Vjc; Extra C. 4Sc:
Golden C. 4>4c; barrels. l-lt'.o more: half-bar
rels. Vie more; boxes. 4.- more: 60-lb bags.
He more. No order taken for lean than 75 bar
rels or Its equivalent. Dominoes, half-barrels.
6Hc; boxes. sTto i>er lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY. DEC. 21.
Flour, qr sks 12.?00[Sugar. bbls 12
Wheat, ctls 123.4W I Powder, car 1
Barley, ctls 4.120 'Brandy, gallons.. 25.200
Corn, Ea>t. ctls.. CAo|Wlne. khll.hi.x. ss,f-00
fn»ee»e, ctls 137 Wool, bags 1f,7
Batter, ctls 2(2 Hops, bag* 66
Tallow, ctls Ml Straw, tons a
Hvfins. sks 123 Hay, tons 41 _■
Potatoes, ska 913 IVlts. bdla 1?;
Middlings, sks,... 250 Hides. No \~,-<
Bran, sks I<«| Eggs, doren 5.500
Sugar, sks b:*t leather, r0115....' 21
OREGON.
Flour, qr ski «M Potatoes, sks 1,92?
Oats, ctls M Onion*. sk« 39
THE STOCK MARKET
While business was active on the Bond Ex
change this morning there were few fluctua
tions worthy of note. Some of the sugar stocks
were v..-ak, Onomea selling down to 01 50 and
Hawaiian to $88. I'aauhau was active at
O#M i:'». Alaska Packers* sold up to $116 50
and Hunk of California down to $400.
The market continued active In the afternoon
and the feellni? was Irregular. The sjear
stocks showed more strength and Makaweli
Wild up to $« 12V4. Paauhau to W! 23. declining
to $2« 73. and Jlonokaa to pa Onomea wa*
lower at $27. Gas & Electric was weak at
tIZ 00©02 25. Hana continued flrm at Is °3 and
Oceanic advanced to $33 W>. na
The oil stocks were . inlet and easy with
lower quotations for several.
The Oceanic Steamship Company has de
clared a dividend Of M cents per share nay
able on January 2. 'a.-*.
The California Powder Company paid a dlvi
dend of $1 per share to-day.
The Central Light and Power Company paid
a dividend of .'. cents per share to-day.
The Mutual Savin** Bank has declared a
dividend of 3 per cent per annum on all de
l>oslts, parable January 2.
The usual quarterly dividend of 25 cents per
: share by the ParafSne Paint Company was
paid on the 20th.
The Homestake Mining Company has de
clared Its regular monthly dividend of 25 cents
per share and an extra dividend of 25 cents,
both payable December 26.
The American Beet Sugar Company has de
clared a quarterly dividend of 14 per cent on
Its preferred stock, payable January 3.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. Dec. 21-2 p. m.
Bld.Ask. | Bid. Ask
U S Bonds— Eqult G L. Co. 4'» 64
Is quar coup.. — — Mutual El Co. 13 , 14
Is quar reg.... — — it <; I, A H.... *. 44
«s quar new... — — p ac Gag Imp.. — W
Id quar coup... — — lp ac Light Co.— 41
Miscellaneous— B FO & E 62V; 62**
Cal-st Cab 55. .1174 — San Francisco. 3 s i 4
C C Wat 58....1(i'»\ — Stockton Gas.. 12 —
ICd L & I' 65.. 130 — | insurance—
t &Cl Ry 6k..U5 — iFlrenVs Fund. 22s 230
Geary-st R 5«. - 95 Baa* stock*-
Uc k s „■.,*.. 112 - ! Anic i,,.cai Ltd. C 5 -
.do '** 1«6% — JBank of Ca1...333 —
LA. Hy^s ... - 105% CalS P & T.. - -
LA 1. Co 5.«... »9 _ : First NatK>nl..24s _
do gnt. «5... 9i - ;L(On j. A a. ...121 1324
do nidi, - 1M Merchants 1 Ex - 1(
m\ V "• •'• ~ lv -"' N«* K»» Iv - lso
Market-st 65... - 130 | s» aV |i,ics Banks—
yd"v d " i'W « 1.. — ,, li; Ger 5 & L...1750 —
v°>N ,V' '."] r l4 ~ "urn 8 * L...10.-.0 USO
v- J» °/ !. v r 9llj ,"~ Mut Pv 8k... Z-J 45
NII of Cal :>K. — 114 g y paYp aY f... JCO —
N!•C R R J..IWH - | a {, & a L So" - i*
v ',- « 5
r- ?*} *},''?• J2-. -no n T CO.V.MOO 1440
dA? & I 1I 1 uSlo '^- Street Uallroads—
Oak \\ Co C 9..108 — CaUfornla 119 —
Oak >\ Co 6a..10S — I -»,»,... «t 50 —
Ocean S S Ss^lw^lTOUl.,*,^ "r v " £S»i —
Om C lit: 1264 ssl I w - 8
P&CI Ry «... - 110 piL'di* "•• Z $>
Pk&OKy6s.lls _ p'ifa" 'stocks- "
Powell-st R Cs. - 122 California - -
spas jvsV 1 - ir,u ?.!; n rit Con Co> s^ —
IF * S JViV 1 - 11& a.}*nt t C'on Co. I
i Ry cf Cal 6s.l«*; - ,* A gorlt "* -
BPof A ..-111 LL 8"*8 "*, 11^"^ . ...
8P C 68(1905). - - ana f, Cg ■•;• nu IV »
SP C £.• iuo«» 111 — Haw Ctß Co M' 4 —
IpcS wclioi I "l)no{!'?S?'214"" l)no {!'?S?'2 14 "
BPCIs ci Si. — — i Hutch 8 P Co. 24 —
SPBr «s '. — i244'KUau«a ? C";- _ —
5 V Wat 63.... - 1144 Maki, BCo 42 -
3 V Wat 4s — — Onomea a Co. 26 27
B V W4s(3dm>!lOO% — Paauhau 8 Co. 2«H 27
Stkton Gas <s. — — Muc-llar.
Water Stocks— Al Pack Aesn..ll7 —
Contra Costa.. 73H 74^ Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Marln County. SO — ! Oceanic S Co.. 93 —
Spring VaJley. - 94*' Pac A F A . . IS -
Gas> * Electric— jPac C Bor Co. US 1424
Cent Gas C 0... 734 744 Par Paint Co.. 94 —
Cent 1. i P.... OV4 6»i,
Morning Session.
Board— , •
10 Alaska Parkers Assn H« 50
i Hunk of California 400 00
25 liana Plantation Co *2
60 Hawaiian ••■.ml * Sugar ■ «0
100 Honokaa w M
112 lint, bin 8 P Co !• <">
100 Hutohinson S P Co « «'*■»
5 Hutchlnpon S P Co. cash 24 00
JO Makaweli «1 »
M) Market Street Itatlway »J ••»
25 Onomea Sugar Co 27 50
lv«» Paauhau S P Co. s 9") 2i <*>
CO faauhau B C Co 25 37 ! i
f.n I'nauhuu S V Co 25 2.".
T-0 PaAuhnu H V Co 25 !■>)
M Paauhau S P Co 2S «4
15 Paauhau 8 P Co 25 75
2r. Paauhau S P Co M i*>
5 Paauhau S P Co 26 124
4K5 S F illgbt 3 75
15 E V Water 5* 25
Afternoon Se»slon.
Board—
15 Giant Powder Con *> 00
23.-J Harm I'lantatlon Co » 25
110 Hnnokaa S Co Si) 00
2TJ Hutchtnsnn S P Co 24 00
50 Hutrhlnwon H P Co. cash 24 no
!»5 HutchlnKon S P Co n X 74
M Hutchlniuin S P Co. s 90 Tt t>T4
50 lluichln.-on S P Co, - V) 2t 00
100 Makaweli . 4^' Ji4
60 Market Str^t Railway M 75
10 Oceanic 8 B Co . . 93 M
10 tmomea Sugar Co 27 (<0
V" Paauhau 8 1* Co 27 25
150 Paauhau S P Co 27 fci
K"> Paauhau H P Co •><; 75
M) S F Gas & Electric Co 12 75
to P F Gas A Klectrlc Co 62 50
50 S F <;as & Electric Co . 52 .174
60 S F Gas * Electric Co f.2 25
3S V Water 9175
55 S V Water 9» 374
IS-jO U - 3s 110 CO
SAN FRANCISCO ST<>"K AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Bnnrd—
|:nm California Street Cable Es 117 75
Urt Equitable Gas 5 oil
30 Giant Ponrder Coo M 00
10 (Slant Powder Con f>7 75
4i» S V Water 94 (24
Afternoon Se?»!on.
Bnnrd—
100 Equitable Ga* (M
M llnna Plantation Co R f «■)
40 Makaweli Su»rar Co 42 ©0
10 Makaweli Suj.nr Co 42 124
2."> Pntiuh.au S P Co +n 1
35 r.i.n:!;-«ii S I* Co ;t 124
20 S V Watrr 94 50
l>» Vlgorlt Powder 2 §74
PRODUCERS' Oil. EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
TOO Dominion 49
$00 Dominion 43
Two-tents Home Oil at $ti» per share.
Afternoon Session.
Board—
"■'■' I>omlnton «i
7'" > Dominion 45
iw San I-u!« 6 374 j
100 San Luis I ;,, !
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
3"0 Tl<lal wave ; v>
200 Barker Ranch 1 is
too Century oil Co 110
V* Anaconda < 'il Co 1 10
1«> Ana.-onda Oil Co 1 05
25 Yukon Croda Oil Co 1 c
Afternoon Session.
Board—
200 Tllal Wave I OT.
1"O Tidal Wave 2 11
3"0 Anaconda Oil Co lOC I
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the Fates In the Fan Franclico
Ftock and Exchange Board yesterday: ,
Morning Session.
V* And»!« It 1 TOO Mrxlran 10
lf.rt Belrher 11'IPf.n oplilr 70
l;,n B.!«t A- Belcher. Ti\ I<*) n r hlr .... 71
1W Caledonia 411 K« I'ulon Con .. 2*
jx<o Con Cal A- Vn..l M, COO Yellow Jacket.. C 3
310 Crown Point.... 12!
Afternoon Session.
2nn I liar 18 100 Male & Norc... M
li>«» dm Cal A Va..l .'«] ;.>i .hlr 72
mo Cro\»n Point 11 V*) Potoul 24
200 Gould & Curry. 11l ttt Union Con >
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Frsslon.
400 An.lo* 11 300 Mexican 10
9^ •hor 13 700 Ophlr 70
I*™ Jlelcher 15 200 i >|.hir 71
6fiO Belcher lo 200 Pot on 1 II
4>v> Br.«t * Belcher. 28 100 Potosl 17
2M> Best & Belcher. 29, 700 Potosl IS ',
SCO Bullion M! 200 Potosl ;ii
100 Caledonia ... 4Hi 700 Potosl 21
2W . ll.tr 14 300 Savage 10
4M Chollnr 17 150 Sierra Nevada.. ♦:.
ATM c.. cc n l A. Va..l fin 200 Sierra Nevada.. 4.'. I
210 CC A Va. . . . 1524 m Yellow Jarket.. 00 i
3^o Crown Point 11 3i»i Carter O M Co. 38
200 Gould & Curry. 10 MM Carter O M Co. X* I
Afternoon IwaiosV
yt> Alpha Con... 051 2M Justice C 4
UA Best & Belcher, 29 210 Occidental 12
\*.(A Chollar lsl . ■«• Ophlr 71
MX) Chollar M !*>•> f>,,hir 73
200 Chollar 211 300 Potosl 14
300 C C & Va 1 f.24 1 500 Potoul IS
2">o Con Cal Si Va..l os 2CO Sierra Nevada 46 '
IS Con Cat A Vh 1 W 200 Yellow Jacket.. «
200 Crown Point.... 1 4) ■ 500 Yellow Jacket.. 11
200 Gould & Curry. 12 1
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. Dec. 21-4 p. m.
Bid. Ask., Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 04;Kentuck 01 02
Alta 03 05|Lady Washgtn. 02 — '
An.los 12 13 Mrxlran 31 33 '
Belcher T! 17 Orclilental 12 13
l'.«<i * Belcher. 29 31 i Mr 72 73
Bullion 04 05 Overman II 12
Caledonia T2 — jPotmil 25 26
Chollar -•> 21 Savage 10 ii
Challenge Con.. 13 14 - rr.i.in C 2 —
Confidence M 7n'Seg Belcher ... Cr. 04
Con Cal & Va..l 50 1 55;Slerra Nevada.. 43 45
Con Imperial .. -* 02iSllver Hill — 07
Con New York. — 01 1 St Louis OR —
Trown Point.... 14 l.'> Standard —2M
Exchequer — M Syndicate — 05
Gould & Curry. 12 13 > Union Con 26 27
Male A Nope... 35 37iUtah C 405
Julia — "-• Yellow Jacket.. 10 11
Justice 04- 06'
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrcirraphie Office. D. S. If., Her
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal ,
December :i. li».
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building van dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. <>.. at noon of the ll"th meridian, or at 3
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. B. N . in charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United State* Count «nd Geodetic Survey-
Time* and Height* of Mich and Low
Water* at. Fort I'nint. entrance to Ban
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— hlch and low waters occur at
the city front (Mlsjlon-itreet wharf) About
AUCTION SALES
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO.,
AUCTIONEERS.
31 and 33 SV HER STREET.
Telephone Mai;. 51U.
CASH Mid for Furniture, Carpets. Desks ar»4
Merchandise to parties not wishing to wait for
auction returns.
NOTICE OF SALE OF BAGGAGE BY HOTEL
PROPRIETORS.
THIS DAY.
FRIDAY. Dec. 22. IW.
At 10 o'clock a. m.. we will sell In our sales-
rooms, by order of King. Ward A Co.. Proprie-
tors of the International and New Western H<*.
tfl«. HA) THINK.- 7i> VALISES. BOXES etc.
EDWARD S. HPEAR A CO.. Auctioneers.
21 and 32 Sutter St.
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide Is the sam« at both places.
n .
GC EMBER 22.
Sun rln*3
.7:3
Hun act*
Moon : is*-*
.
. 09.
rime;
» BWI I
y. [-.
v v
Ft
"
H ... 1:45 S.I I II
23 ... 4:21 5.1 1)1'.
M ... 4:54 5.2 tl H
tt ... 6:23 6.2 12:11
?« ... •:« 6.3 1:01
H ... 6:41 6.S 1:51
U W II Ul
■ ... o:u, s.»t ;::v
2.1 2:42 4.2 S:C<(
2.5 1:49 3.1 »:4J'
2.1 4:43 3.4 10:2t;
1.7 <:03 3.3 11:CH.
1.2| 7:34 3.3 11:51
OS S:M >.5 .
It W |H Wl
5.7 2:40 0.1 >:S<
J
: >
J T
NOTE—In th« above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In th« left
hand olumn and the successive tide* of th«
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
kecond time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tld*
and the last or right hand column give* that
last tide of the day. except when there a-- but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
riven are In addition to the soundings on it •»
United States Coast Purvey charts, except
when a minus sign — ) precedes the belch',
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane nf
reference Is th» mean of the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
♦ «>
TO ARRIVF.
•n*r.
m.
m
Santa Id « «
r>o. \V. Klder.
I mafll'a
Orttaba
Samoa
i'omona,
i Ma Hay
Nf-rth Fork
Wa»ht»-n*w ...
Alliance
Aloha
TMlus
iA .* |-1«'-
■
• •
..'Orescent City rv<r
Ar. itta
I'ulumblt
rortn*
Aicoa
Miami
A. Illanchard...
.;Coo« Bay |D«c
. I '• r '.U i. I ij» c
 Pan r>l»«o m»r
. <hlrm and Japan 'I>c
.. F*att!#> |n*c
. toon (to) Dec
:-5
:■:
H
i*urncao ,
Kobt. Adamson.
llonlta
AlMon
tju^n
Point Afn.i . . .
■
i. Nanatmn
N'» i- rt
Tlllan. .
.- •
I i
.
< and Japan II 1 '
i I
TO SAIL.
r !'••-(:• ■
Hall* | i' --
_ I I
Walla Wall! Vie A P*t M. DM.
Ab*nl»»n ..Port laid 'D#c.
NVwburx ...lOray» Harbor! Vrr.
lionka |.N>wp. rt \V*c.
OoqnUla ItvjUray* ihrt»r !»•■•.
it. Arena..! Point Ac-nit . \ir .
Tants Wnt Coast. ..|D«c.
Stata of lal Portlarvl . I >«-
Mint* l'.t>.i San I>!»in D*c.
Hamn* 'Humholdt f)*c.
Kan I>dro..|llumbol(]t [D*c.
i"oo» Hay Newport live.
r>rlzab« ....'Humbotdt !•*■•.
I'matlllA ..'Vic 4 I'rt Sd.'n*c.
North Korkllumhnldt IVc.
Arrata 'Coo« I!«jr iDpc.
Martp>>sa ..'Hydn»jr |l)»c.
I'nr-ina ,San 1>I»ko live.
Peru . [Panama \l)*c,
Columbia .. Portland 'Ivr.
Alcoa jChlnaA Japan D»e.
Albion .... live.
. 22. l)«rr. I'-r
. 22. 7 pmPl»r I
. 22, & pro
. XX »am.Pirr i
. O, i pmlPler 3
■ £3. : pm,Plrr
. 23. I] m pi» f
. :«. l»am.Pi«rl
. 24. II amiPtrr 1
. 24. 1 > «m PIT ■
. 24. ipm;Pl«r 1
. 2*. >imPtfr I
. 2*. 2 pm'PW
. 27. I) am Pt*r
. 27. »am Pl<-
. 27. l«>amlPt«r 1
. .:. S pm'Pirr
. T*. 11 am Plt 1
\ 12 nyPMS?
. 29. HamlPlfr :
. T>. 1 pra'PM*
'. .10. 1 pta PJ»r
f : — f
Shipping Intelligence.
4— »
ARIUVED.
Thursday. December 21.
Ptmr Westport. Peterson. 40 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Scotia. Jacobs. 1* hour* from Athlon.
Stmr Glpey. I>-!ari-l. IS hour» from Monte
rey.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen. 14 hour* from
Mendoclno.
Schr Barbara Hernster. Anflr..!i»n. 13 hour*
fr*'m KM llracg
S.(:r Dora iiluhm. Smith. » days from Fan
Pulro.
S^-hr Del None. Jaeobsen. Tfc day* from
Rogue Rlvar.
CLEARED.
Thursday. December 21
Rtmr Brmlta, Nlcolton. San Pedro: Good*2l
Perkins it Co.
S'mr Walla Walla. <;««*. Victoria and Port
T.-wn»end; Gondall. Perkins & Co.
Jap »»nir America M.mi. <V>inr. Hongkcnt;,
Yokohama anil Honolulu; wil A very.
Mr Mmr Bristol. Mclntyre. N anal mo. rt
Dtmsmutr Rons Co.
Br »hID Sierra Blan«-a. Spencer. Uv»-
P.«lfmir. Outhrl^ *" Co.
Hr hark East Indian. Oath. Que«nstown:
Hal four Oiithrl** A Co.
i;er nrhr F.bon. »<•»» wart ln». Tain!' Wllllama.
DitnonU i Co.
S^hr Mary I>Mi». <>l»*n. liana, »la !lono>
lulu: M 8 Gtinnaum.
SAir-FP
Thur»flay. n#remN>r tU
Ptmr National City. I>ttmer». Grays Harbor. _
Stmr I^iella. Miller. . • ♦
Stmr Kllhu Th<»mm«en. Whitney. -^—.
Stmr Tlllamook. Anflndnen. Albion.
Stmr West port. Peterson. >
Stmr Newsboy. Walrlc. T- ia i
Stmr Mai kinivr. L.|ttl»n>l<l. -;,-•.
Stmr rhaa Nelson. Anderson. Eureka.
U S ■ mr Grant. Ruforri. Manila, via 11-r.-w
lulu.
Jap >tmr America Mara. Goinr. Honckonc
and Yokohama, via Honolulu.
Pr ship H»l^n»hiir«-h. Jefferson. Queenstcmn.
Mr shir Kelat. liner Que»nstown.
Schr Mn:>ah, Plersen. Am«[«lt.
Srhr William Renton. Johnaon. T aroma,
Schr Mayflower. < »l«*n. PoqullU Rlvtr
S-hr Mary Dodce. «>l«»n. Hana. via Hono
lulu.
Schr Albion. Goodmanson. Coqa!U# Rl¥»r
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT iy>ROB. Dec Jl. 10 p ta-Weathrr
hazy; wind NT. velocity M miles.
SPOKEN.
Pert 51. lat 'A 8. lon (4 W— Br ship Btronsa.
from Antwerp, for San Frwn-'
Nov §. lat aMß.in At W— Br bark T>onn»
FrancUoi. from Rio de Janeiro, for Orecon
Dec «. '.at 43 N. lon 11 W— Rr bark rhelrni
ford, from Newcastle, for Santa Rosalia.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT ni/AKELEY— Arrived Dec 2»-nktn
John Smith, hence Dec IJ.
CASPAR— An-:-.-'. Dm a— Stmr Cinn* bmta
[>rr ?'.
FORT BRAGG-Salled Dec Jl-Stmr Ruth for
San Fn»nc!»cr>.
Arrived Dee ll— Stmr Noyo. henca Pee *9
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Dec H-sThe
Corinthian, hence I>ec 19. "•■■
Sailed D*c 1 Stmr Navarro. for Pan Pedro
TILLAMOOK-Sallert Dec 1«-Schr Sacral
mento. for San Francisco.
snATTLE-Palled Dec n-Stmr City of To
peka. for Fkaruay.
Arrived Dei n-Jap itmr Idzuma Mam. from a j
YnKon.ima.
NKW WHATCOM-Salled Dec 21-Pchr Ma
weema. for San I'xrirn.
If )RT GAMULE— Arrived Dee 21-Bktn Ski-
Sit, from Honolulu.
POUT TOWNSEND-Arrlved Dec «-«»rhf.
A M Baiter, from Ban Pedro.
SAN PEDRO_BnU»d D»c 21-Ptmr Pasadena
for Eureka; stmr San Pedro, for San Franl
cisco; schr Marie X Pmlth. for Port Gamb'e
brlr Tanner, for '")Ivnir>la. *
he^re RDR De CAC A Arrived Dec 21- Stmr Pnmona.
■ ■
Sailed D*^ 21— Ptmr Homer, far Portland
Or; "tmr Brunswick, for San Francisco; it mr
Samoa, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA-Arrlved Dm 21-Ptmr Columbia,
hence De,- 1»; Ocr ship Maritretha. from An£
weru: mnir Hl^nal. from Coos Bar
ALBION-Salled Dec 21-Schr Newark tar
San Francisco. ' r
PORT t.«'S ANGELES-Arrlved Dec H-Ptmr
hence ISJTI3 frOm Xan * !mo: *, hr Antelop..
••c 13 k •
EASTERN PORT?
PHILADELPHIA -Cleared D#c 20-BhlD
Jam-;. Drummond. for Port Lo« Arnt'lV.
froln :X Co^ RK - ArrtVeJ °~ *>- 9tm - Ad van-,
Sailed DM 20-Stmr Alllanca. for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
PRAWLE POINT— Pajsed Dee hark
01 ". F ? rt ,B, B ' ak "'y. 'or Hamburc
MAMLA-Arrtve.l I>ec 21-Stmr Senator hn«
eS5&m. M " lsr b ° rk Ancen "' '«» J**s?
QIEENHTOWN Arrive Dec M-Pr bark
Amlral. hence Au» t3; short of food
conm riVCd DD * C S> ~ Br Ma Puritan, fmm T a- N I
Continued on Page 13.NEWS
OF THE
BAY CITIES
LOCAL TRAIN
WRECKED AND
TRAVEL TIED UP
Switch on the Mole
Fails to Work.
ENGINEER STICKS TO HIS CAB
AMBROSE'S ACTION PREVENTS
SERIOUS DAMAGE.
. •
Hi« Prompt Move Saves Oars From
Being Demolished and Possible
Injury to the Passengers
on the Train.
♦
Oakland Office Ban Francisco Call.
!<>S Broadway. Dec. 21.
The Tallvro of a switch on the Oakland
raole to close properly derailed the 1
• clock westbound local train to-day at
i.if "ntrar.ro to — depot aTia-Tlgfl— Op
travel over the mole for nearly an hour.
*>nly the engine was derailed, and beyond
a never© shaking up the passengers cb
«aped Injury. Emrim-cr Ambrose stuck to
lUs r»«>st and caved bis train from a
serious wreck.
The cold weather loosened a bolt on one
rt th« fishplates, and when the towerman
la Tower No. 1 throw the lever, the
fwltch failed to rti«;>ond and did not close.
The signals were all set for a clear track.
but the loose bolt prevented the tongue*
of. the switch from coming together.
Engineer Ambrose thought everything
clear before him and went ahead with his
train. Suddenly ho found his engine
bumping «,ver the ties. Jn danger every
moment of cutting Into the soft earth at
tr>«» side and toppling over. Inst.-.td of
Jumping Ambrose stuck to his engine and
ravened, throwing all the st«am into the
reversal. This brought the train to a
standstill before any noriou* damage wan
done, and before anything had left the
track but the engine lt«*elf.
The engine had both pilots smashed and
haU to be h<?nt to the roundhouse for re
pairs when it was Ilnally got on the track.
The cars behind it wt-re nut injured,
owing to the prompt action of the engi
neer. Traffic was delayed for nearly an
hour before the derailed engine could be
replaced <-n the track, and the rails, which
were torn up. could be reset.
Superintendent Agler uttaches no blame
to imy uixv.
DAMAGE SUIT RESULTS
FROM A CAT CONCERT
OAKLAND, Dec 21.— A Frultval© cat. !
a brickbat and a broken window are the !
basic ■ i ..-. - that culminated In a fIV>tO
damage suit brought by Mrs. Christina
Tobler against Charles Kuhn. whos« trial
commenced before Superior Judge Ogdcn
in!* afternoon.
The Kuhns and the Toblers were next
door nHFhtxirF and the cat belonged to
thf neiphJ>..rhood. One night last Aug
ust the feline* excruciating voice broke
the *i!!!n<-.--!« anil Immediately afterward
a brickbat broke !vuh;i'n window. Ho
i-!a!nvd >:rs. Tobler hurled the brick, and !
hn<i hvr a «•■*■«= t-»-d. but *he wan acquitted •
ln-nce the damage isuit for mallcluus pros
ecution.
Mrs. Tobler declared on the siand that !
phe waa not present at the feline con
cert n<>r had she seen or heard the brick !
and broken window. She Mid her arr»st
had broken down her health. While t-ho
was testifying her Bray avenue neighbors
sat listening and once ehe broke down 1
crying: "Those people arc- making faces
at me. I can't stand it. I am all broken I
il««wn with nervous prostration. "
A wordy war followed between the op- I
iMislng attorneys and hostilltief* were nar- i
rowly averted amonp the nitncsaea, not- j
uiihKtandinff Mrs. Tobler claims "there's
IM-f-n jwacf among the n«.lght>ors since I
Kuhn moved."
The trial will tv resumed next Wedne»- j
day, wtu-n the defense yn»pus< s to Intro
duce wltncK»e* who claim they witne>.«fd
the brick throwing by Mrs. Tobler. Th«
defense alto proposes to show that Mr.
Tobler, after asking Kuhn not to pro«e
<■■ ite hl» wife, had pleaded guilty i. her
•read and paid a line of }-.
>
A PRETTY YULETIDE WEDDING
OAKLAND. Dec 21. — A very
pretty wedding was celebrated
et the Dalziel residence this
evening at 8 o'clock, when Mis*
Marparet Dalziel. daughter of
Robert DaJzlcl of the firm of Dalziel &
Molltr. became the bride of Harry O.
Williams. Hey. Itobert Coyle of the
First rrcsbj-tcrlan Church officiated.
The Dalziel borne was beautifully
decorated for the event with holly and
evergreen, presenting a holiday picture
that made a delightful background for
the wadding party.
The brMe. who Is on© of Oakland's prettiest young ladles, was sowned in
white orßandlc over white silk and carried roses. She wore a veil. Her
bridesmaid. Un» Florence Smith of Bacramcnto, wore pink organdie over
pink silk and carried bridesmaid's ropes. The groom wu» attended by A.
Dalziel. a brother of the bride.
After the ceremony and congratulations a wedding supper was served.
Later the brldf. and groom left for a short wedding trip. On their return they
will take up their residence at 464 Twenty-third street.
Mr. and Mrs. Williams are very popular young people and have a host of
friends. They are both natives of California and have spent the major part
of their lives here. The groom is a well known young business man, a mem
ber of th* firm of Davle & Williams, wholesale and retail coal and grain
dealers. He is a ton of K. H. Williams, who was long a resident of Sacra
mento.
(§toHA£!O)
HIS NOCTURNAL
ABSENCE LED TO
A DIVORCE SUIT
♦
Judge Ogden's Rule
Not Followed.
»—» —
MUNRO STAYED OUT NIGHTS
DISCOVERIES MADE BY HIS IN
QUISITIVE WIFE.
.
She Found He Made Appointments
With Laura E. Gray and Also
Received Letters From An
other Young Woman.
♦
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Hroadway, Dec. 2L
Judge Ocdcn and his "last boat" dcci-
Flon "cut do ice" with Mrs. Matilda Mun
ro. That his Honor absolved Alameda
-Cuum> husbaiids from saying anything
about It when they are making breakfast
table explanations next morning is a
fuct which she to-day utterly ignored
while filing a complaint for divorce from
her husbandj James Munro, on the ground
of inrldclity. Mrs. Munro"s investigations
were coiug on before Judge Ogden had
begun figuring on his opinion, and, now
that the Judge has come to the front, she
is determined that his vote-getting views
on "How to Live In Oakland Though
Married" are not to upset a work that
has consumed three years of her time.
In her complaint Mrs. Muni does not
make late hours and sparse explanations
her sole charge against her better half.
She alleges that she was married to Mun
ro. who is an engineer, thirty years ago.
and lived happily wjth him until three
years ago. when ho became addicted to
the late-hour habit. According to Mrs
Munro. it grew on him like a bunch of
San Leandro alfalfa until his absences
rrom the home roof became unbearable.
At one time, tho complaint alleges,
Munro left her and went to Fresno but a
reconciliation was effected subsequently
Then Munro was taken sick and went to a
hospital, and while there, his spouse al
lrges, she opened a letter addressed to
him by a young woman, which wus- of a
sensationally compromising character
After his release from the hospital Mrs
Munro further alleges, her husband was
much In the company of a woman named
Ivaura E. Gray, and she 1p named in her
complaint as co-respondent. The name
of a Miss Curley is also mentioned in con
nection with the case, and in the evidence
which was brought out to-day it was dis
covered that Mrs. Munro had become to
incensed at her husband that she had not
maintained marital relation! with him for
three years past. Upon this showing the
defendant's attorney asked a continuance
until Monday, in order that he might «*o
amend the defendant's answer as to in
clude a charge of desertion. The court
granted the continuance.
GRAND JURY INDICTS
SERVERRA FOR PERJURY
OAKLAND, Dec. 21.— John Serverr.x.
proprietor of the Universal restaurant,
who on several occasion? escaped convic
tion on charges of selling liquors without
a lie- was to-day Indicted by the
Grand Jury for perjury. According to the
Indictment Serverra while on trial in the
Police Court on December ' falsely testi
fi« d under oath that he did not on October
24 last Fell to Henry Maloon any intoxi
cating liquors In violation of the city or
dinance requiring a liquor license. The
jury on that occasion stood six to six,
and therefore Maloon. who is License In
spector, called the attention of the Grand
Jury to the cape. The inquisitorial body
has been Investigating the matter for
marly a week, with the result that the
indictment was llled to-day. Later Dep
uty Sheriff Holland arrested Sen '-rra.
He will probably be released on bonds.
« ♦ «
Putnam Griswold to Go to London
LAND, Dec. 21.— Putnam Grlswold.
who has been one of the leaders in the
musical world of Oakland, leaves shortly
after Christmas for London to take a
musical course in that city.
tup: san FBAKCISCO CALL., FRIDAY, December 22. 1899.
£ -™^^~ . "^ — '.—. — ■ ■ t
WAS ROBBERY OR UNREQUITED
LOVE THE CAUSE OF ASSAULT?
Lost Memory, a Wounded Head and a Torn Dress Are the Only
Clews to the Attack Upon Miss Lennie Green,
VVHfcRE AND HOW THE GIRL WAS FOUND.
Miss Lennle Green poa»d for a Call artist with the same hat and dre*«
worn upon the night of the attack upon her, showing how she was found by
her brother on Monday evening.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
MS Broadway, Dec. 21.
TirE mystery of the assault upon
Miss Lennle Green at the corner
of Eighteenth and Linden streets
on Monday evening Is to-day
more a mystery than ever. The police
are completely at fault. The young
lady's? memory is still uncertain owing
to the seevre blow phe received on, the
head, od there is nothing but theories
as to her assailant.
The police i- l ill hold to the Jilted
lover theory, and the members of the
family are very mdi.--- r thi*.
They are Inclined to the robbery the
ory. S"m<- ■unrest that the young lady
might have fainted and struck her
head on the sidewalk, but the charac
ter of the wound disposed "f U*.
billty. Everything points to an
l>y some mysterious person, but as to
who that person Is there is not the
slightest clew.
'It is ridiculous that any one Bhould
say that there was any Jilted lover
about this at lack," said Miss Green
this afternoon. "In the tlrst place
nothing has occurred that would make
such a thing poesible. I know but few
JEFFRIES' TRAINER
BACK FROM THE EAST
BILLY DELANEY TALKS OF THE
CHAMPIONS PROSPECTS.
Will Use His Influence to Have the
Coining Big Fight Pulled Off
in San Francisco.
OAKLAND. Dec. 21. — Billy Delaney. who
trained Jim Jeffries for his victory over
Sharkey, arrived at his Oakland, home to
day from New York. He was accompa
nied by his wife and they wire met at the
Sixteenth-street station by Eugene Van
Court and Charles Koerner of Oakland.
Delaney looks better than at the time he
left here with Jeffries some months ago.
He expects to remain here at least a
month, though ho Intimated that matters
he has on hand in the East may call him
hack sooner than he expects at present.
hpeakiiiß of his recent dlmculti' a with
Jeffries. Mr. Delaney .-»;•;
•'The rumpus between Jeffries and my
self was all over a new system of train
ing that l didn't approve of. It is not
necessary for me to go into details, but I
will simply say that his system of diet
and violent working did not agree with
nay ideas. It was merely a disagreement
over his training, which he carried out
contrary to my wishes. There's no bitter
icelin£. only we stand now Just as we
Mood when 1 picked him up a few years
uyo. when he was In his..Jntancy In pugil
. in
-Jeffries' prospects, I can predict, are of
the brightest hue. He had youth, health
and everything in his favor. Na
ture has been kinder to him than any
other individual who graces the rinK, and
knowing as I do the care he is taking of
himsolt at present l will venture to say
that there 1b nobody In my estimation, who
can stop his progress. Jeffries is popular.
ilr is not getting the swelled head be
cause of hi:.- recently won laurels, and, as
he told -me shortly before I left him.
when he comes back to California he will
tind supreme pleasure in acknowledging
the kindnesses shown him in his infancy
at th»j Reliance Club, where he made his
maiden effort.
"As to the prospects of another meeting
between Jeffries and Bbarkey, the chances
are very remote. You must ■ remember
J«-ft is now matched to meet Corbett, and
it is not professional to run Sharkey in at
this time. As to th-s Jeffries-Corbett mill.
I would merely say that Brady is the
manager and I am in tho dark, but on
general principles I think Jeffries ought to
and will win. I believe also that the fight
will draw as big a crowd In San Fran
cisco as any place on the globe, and I
shall exert every effort to secure the
match for this coast.
"I have not given the future much
thought, but notwithstanding the reports
of the differences between Jeffries and
myself these matters have been harmon
ized and I propose to let the future de
velop what will bo the future."
Left Money in Eastern Bank.
OAKLANO Dec. 21.— J. J. Connolly to
day !K>tltlon«»d th«» Superior Court for let
ten n( administration on th*» estate of
tils brother-in-law, Patrick Flynn, who
gentlemen, and I have never accepted
attentions tram any one. I have never
been out with one gentleman more
than two or three times, and have
never given any one occasion to be
jealous.
"As to having fallen upon the side
walk and ftruck my head. I don't
think that is possible. I am not Riven
to fainting spells and don't think I
ever fainted in my life. In the second
place, I had my hair up in a knot on
the back of my head that day. and had
I fallen my hair and my hat would
have prevented injury to my head.
Dr. Pratt had to take three stitches in
a cut in my scalp, and every hairpin
in the hack of my head was broken.
You know that i wear rubber hair
pins. I drat thought that the cut
might have been caused by the hair
pins cutting Into my head, but the doc
tor does not think that rubber hair
pins would have made such a cut as
he found.
"1 can't talk much about how I got
hurt, for I don't remember. I have no
recollection of even being struck.
When I recovered consciousness and
found the doctor here 1 asked what he
died intestate here on the 15th instant,
leaving $2JuO on deposit in a bank in Penn
sylvania. The helri are a sister. Mary
Connolly. John Klynn. a brother, and
Patrick Gannon, a nephew.
Their Graduating Party.
ALAMKDA. Dec 21.— The graduating
party of the December '&:» class of the Ala.
meda High School took place at Armory
Hall this evening. The hall was taste
fully decorated with greens and bunting
for the occasion.
There was a large and fashionable at
tendance of th.- younger set of the city,
including many of the Alumni of the High
School. Laurence Rank was floor man
ager.
Testing Roberts' Wells.
OAKLAND, Dec O.— The plans for the
I f Roberts' wells at San Lorenzo
in the interest of the dt~ have been made
There are i"<ir wells. Bach well is to be
I for twenty-four hours by Itself
and then the four wells are to be pumped
er for the came period of time
rater punned is to bo measured and
tti<-y should yield MOO gallons per min
im- in order to come up to the standard
set.
Christmas Festival.
BERKELEY. Dec. 21 -The children of
St. Joseph'! Church Sunday-school on Ad
dlson street gave a very successful Christ
mas tree to-night in St. Joseph"s Hall
The room was tastefully decorated and
everything done to Insure the children a
good lime. During the course of the
evening Rev. Father Riorda.n delivered
ARMY BUTTON CAUSES
A FIRM'S DISSOLUTION
OAKLAND. Dec. 21.— The well-known law firm of McKlroy & McElrath
will shortly dissolve, ami all on account of a O. A. R. button that (or
years has filled a buttonhole on* Colonel McElrny coat lapel. The
colonel was an officer In the Grand Army of the Republic during "the
late unpleasantness," and Major McElrath wat likewise offlciully p-om-
Inont in the Confederate army, and the firm was familiarly known among the
local Justinian? as "the blue and the pray." Occasionally the two attorney!!
would swap reminircenees, and it Is understood that during the exploitation
of one of these recently the major of the South said to the colonel of the
North:
"If I were you Id not wear that button In my coat lapel on all occa
sions."
The colonel registered a vigorous exception, and. hearing no sustaining
voice, vows now that he will no longer fight In the legal arena with the South
ern major as his ally.
"The major is a good attorney." said Colonel McElroy to-day. "but he
kicked on my G. A. R. button, and it's all off. I don't propose to stand any
more kicking about that button that I hold so dearly as a reminder of the up
holding of the Union. Yes, I propose that the firm be dissolved. The big li
brary Is mine. and. though I am well along In years. I will get on very well
without a partner."
So. too. does Major McElrath nay:
"The colonel Is a good lawyer, but we were really never partners. We
simply worked together on certain cases. Oh. there's been no trouble, and
we are as good friends as ever clasped hands between the North and
South." * .■'". •■" .--.. • •
was doing and was told that he had
come to attend dm That surprised
me. for I did not know that I had been
hurt. I have had no feeling except a
headache from the blow."
The way In which Miss Green was
found by her brother Walter is most
important In considering the way In
which the assault might have been
made When found she was leaning
against the stone coping that sur
rounds the vacant lot. This coping Is
about three feet high— sufficiently high
to have supported her were she to
have leaned against it. Bhe was erect
at the time when found, and though
she spoke to her brother and called
him by name she has no recollection
of having seen him. Her recognition
of her brother under these circum
stances Is the more remarkable from
the fact that Walter Green says that
It was bo dark that he did not recog
nize his sister until she spoke to him.
Thfl assault must have occurrrd
within a very few moments before she
•was Bound, for Mrs. Qreen says that
•ichfiT was only thn-*- or four
minutes late in gt-ttinc home.
There waa a great tear found in tho
front of Miss Oreen'l <lr*>ss when she
got home. The police tried to explain
this tear by saying that thf> young
lady fainted, and that In trying to g*»t
up she put her knee or foot on her
dress and tore It. This is not likely,
for the dross is torn from the outside.
while the lining on the Inside Is whole.
This torn drasj gives some evidence
of a struggle, but if any there was it
followed the blow upon the head thnt
destroyed Miss Oreea't memory, for
Fhe says that she is pure that then
was no assault before she lost con-
FciousneHs fr.m th<- Mow.
Dr. A. H. Pratt, who attended the
young lady, says that the Mow was
delivered by som<> blunt Instrument,
and not by a knif«- or an ax. The hair
is not cut. but the scalp Is. and had
a sharp Instrument be«-n used the hair
would have been severed.
The <ireen family bears the highest
reputation foj honesty and Integrity
Th.- futher died s.mio time ago. an.i
all tho children who are old enough
work at the Pacific Prr-sn. This alone
N a guarantee of tli«»lr ChanM ter. f.>r
it la a chun-h Institution whose mem
bers are all Advontist*. and most strict
upon character and morals.
an address. Th.- nffalr was under the
chnrge of a commltt-e composed of Miss
Alice Tain. Mrs Term Meridian and Dr.
Martin A. (Yntner.
CANNOT REGISTER IN
TIME FOR ELECTIONS
OAKLAND. Dee. 21-Alameda 1b gnlng
to have trouble with Its fret-holder elec
tion and Oakland with Its bond election
should one be called very soon owing to
the changes In the election laws which
go Into effect on January 1. On that
date the Smith registration law goen Into
effect and the very first provision of the
law Is that all existing rf-glßters shall at
once be canceled by oik ration of law. It
will be almost Impossible to reregister
Uip voters of Alnrmda In time for the
■ ' >lders' election unleM a force of 100
deputies are j.ut at work, and this force
County Clerk Jordan has not at hla dis
posal
"I shall beam reregistering on the first
of the year. 1 ' .said County <"!<rk Jordan
"but It will be Imp' Mibl« to get the
Alameda city register ready In time for
tli" freeholders' election, and unlese they
can vote on the old njrlster 1 do n
h<>w we can get ready for thfm. It would
take 2<X> deputies to prepare th»- new
register In time for that election."
Wheelwomen on tour, who i.Ttnrallv
wish to present a* neat an appearance
.-is possible, win welcome the um.ntlon • f
solid alcohol. It cornea i 111 |i in a tin
case, which enn be set on ft bureau and
Imrns like a eandk when llKhiod
■ffiircraniuiy
JOAQUIN ESLABE
MUST NOW HANG
FOR HIS CRIME
Death Sentence Has
Been Sustained.
SUPREME COURT SO RULED
THE ATROCIOUS MURDER OF
CHARLES GATES RECALLED.
Condemned Man Declares Now He
Did Not Have a Fair Trial and
Threatens Suicide to
Cheat the Gallows.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Hroadway. Dec 2L
Joaquln Eslahe must now expiate the
atrocious murder of Charles E. Gates.
''•jmnltitd on March 27. I*6*. and for
which he was convicted on June 13 of the
MOM year by a Jury in Judge Ogdcn's
court. The Supreme Court to-day sus
tained the Judgment and sentence of
death pa— upon him by Judge Ugden,
and the condemned man was this after
noon removed to a cell which he will oc
cupy until he Is transferred to th.; scene
of execution. A guard has also been
placed over him, for he has repeatedly
vowed that he would commit suicide
when all hope of escape from the gallows
should leave him.
Thomas Downing, a "trusty" nerving «Ix
months for assault with a deadly w»-apr n.
will guard him during the day. and Tim
Holland will k~o[< watt li during tbfl night.
Th« .ur.'i loua murdi r of 'Jates was com
mitted on a Sunday night in the latter*
tamale parlors, then located at the
of Thirteenth street nnd Hmndway. Th->
object was robbery, the testimony show-
Ing that Eslabc took BE from tn
man's pur . and 11 T*> from t ;•■
till. Gate* was ■ cripple, and the w<
used was a piece of | Mala be had
been befriend- d by the tamale man, to
whom he owed a small loan. He wait. -I
until late at night, when he found date*
alone, and tying a cord about hi*
to stifle any outcry he smashed his vlc
tini'H skull with the piece of pipe.
The next morning Kslabe was arrested
at the Oakland mole while h<- was
to board the flrst boat from this Hid. 11, i
trial resulted In a verdict of guilty of
murder In the first degree, and In Novem
ber of last year the case was appealed to
the Supreme Court. Eslabe's attorney*
were ex-Judge A. L. Frlck and William
White.
"My lawyers didn't represent my case
as they should have." said Eslabe this
afternoon, "and that* why I lost. I have
in iw encaged T. J. Crswley, who win see
that I get Justice. I have not had a f-ir
trial. When I was half drunk I
by Deputy District Attorney MHvln to
confess the murder. I said. '1 did It if
• V io. 1 Melvin went 00 the stand
and so testified to the confession. My law
yers let the confession go before the
jury."
Eslabe Is 33 years of age. He has a
wife and a daughter, who blnce the mur
der have disclaimed him.
CATHOLICS STUDENTS
ORGANIZE A CLUB
BERKELEY. Dec. 21.- With the open-
Ing of the next semester of the University
of California In January there will be
la existence a society composed of the
Catholic students In. college. The object
of the organization I* to brine: all the
Catholic students In the university to
gether. The club will be named the New
man Club, after the late Cardinal New
man. Officers have been elected an fol
lows: President. Dr. Martin A. Center;
first vice president. Miss Mary Gallagher;
second vice president. Miss Lunny; sec
retary. John Morlurlty; treasurer. Miss
Nagle. ===^^^
IS TREMBLING ON THE BRINK.
Imperial Disaster Confronts Eng
land, Says Rev. William Bader.
God of our father*, known of old—
Lord of our far-flung tattle line —
Beneath whose awful hand we hold
Dominion over palm and pine —
Lord God of Hosts, be with us yet.
Lett we fonr*t— le#t we for*et!
"England is trembling on the brink of
imperial disaster," said Rev. William Ra
der at the Congregational Club banquet
last evening, "and It will topple into the
brink beyond unless the spirit of John
Milton, of Cromwell or of Gladstone rises
to again fill the hearts of the people with
righteousness— with the spirit of Puritan
ism."
A banquet In commemoration of our
forefathers, a feast in memory of those
who laid the path for religious freedom,
held In the California Hotel, called to
gether over eighty of tho most prominent
rrfembcrs of the church to discuss and
hear discussed the results of the labor of
the Puritans In behalf of their religion
and the good that has resulted from the
spirit of righteousness and freedom they
implanted in the hearts of the American
people. Rev. William Rader president of
the club, officiated at the banquet, Rev.
8. D. Hutslnplllar of the Central Meth
odist Church being the guest of honor
The members of the club and their
guests were seated at the banquet board
at 6 o'clock and It was late In the even
ing before the responses to th« various
toasts were made. In the absence of
Howard M. Ticknor of Boston. Rev. F
B. Cherington  responded to . the toast
"The Puritan Spirit In New England Let
ters." Senator Frederick S. Stratton, who
was to give hi* views of the "Puritan
Spirit In Civic Life." and John P. Irish
who was to address the gathering on the
"Puritan Spirit and Conquest" of the
World" were absent. Mrs. Susie Hert-
Mark rendered a vornl solo and was fol
lowed by Rev. S. D. Hutslnplllar. who re
sponded to the toast, "The Pilgrim and
Wesleyan— Their Mutual Obligations."
After classifying Puritanism as "repre
senting the progress of the spirit of re
sistance to tyranny." Rev. Mr. Hutsln
plllar continued for some minutes, con
cluding his address with a blessing upon
the assembled nests.
At the conclusion of this toast Dr.
Rader called upon Rev C R. Brown of
Oakland to lend the gathering in prayer
after which the guests returned to their
homes, happy after the prayers and de
votion to the memory of the Puritan fore
fathers.
STREETCAR BLOWN
UP BY STRIKERS
Third Offense of the Sort Committed
in Springfield Since the Pres
ent Trouble.
SPRINGFIELD. Dec. 21.— For the third
time since the strike was declared against
the Sprlngflold Consolidated Railway, No
vembor It, a tree L car was dynamited at
11:30 o'clock to-night. The car was blown
off the track and completely wrecked No
passengers were aboard and the motor
man and conductor were not Injured The
explosion happened in the heart of the
city at Eighth street and Capitol avenue
and caused great excitement,
claims have been assigned, and the own-
R«tired Officer Dead.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 21.-Surgeon Gen
eral Sternberg received a telegram to-day
raying that Lieutenant Colonel Davis L.
Huntingdon, a retired officer of the medi
cal department, died at Rome yesterday.
/fnem\\
[ f OT THE
BRAVE HOWARD
AVERY ILL FROM
NERVOUS SHOCK
News of His Mother's
Death the Cause.
HIS FRIENDS DECEIVED HIM
DID NOT KNOW BHE WAS DAN-
GEROUSLY SICK.
Sad Condition of a Brilliant Berkeley
Graduate Who Won Promotion
and Distinction in the
Philippines.
OAKLAND. Dec. 21.-Lieutenant How
ard Avery, the University of California
student who went to the Philippines as an
enlisted private In the Fourteenth United
States ir&uiars and cam*» bacK as I lieu
tenant in the regular service, with a rec
ommendation to Congress from his com
manders that be be given a medal for un
usual bravery, is critically HI at his horn*
in Sausallto. caused by the shock of his
mother's death.
Mrs. Avery was stricken with apoplexy
on Saturday last, and Lieutenant Avery.
who was up In the mining district was
summoned by telegraph to return homf.
The telegram said only that she was very
sick and did not give him the idea that
her illness was very serious. lie respond
ed at once and vim on his way homo on
Tuesday when his ■othet died. He knew
nothing of her death until he got on the
boat to Sausallto, when a friend ap
proached to extend to the young soldier
his sympathy at the death of bis mother.
The shock was so great that it brought
on an attack of nervous paralysis and he
was taken home In a very bad condition.
This attack of nervous paralysis wu
largely due to the bad physical condition
of the young soldier, who had been
wounded In the Philippines and was homo
on sick leave. He was shot in the fumou.-j
charge at Zapota bridge, when Clenerui
I.awtun made his attack upon the Insur
gents south of Manila. Lieutenant Awry
was hit in the thigh, and malarial fever
set In, making his condition so be that
he secured a leave of absence and re
turned to his California home. ThU sick
leave had almost expired, and he was
making efforts to have it renewed when
this attack came.
Howard Avery was one of the most pop
ular students In the State University.
When the war with Spain broke out he
enlisted in the Fourteenth United State*
regulars as a private, and before h*
reached Manila he was made a corporal.
Though a university graduate, he did nut
hesitate to serve his country as a cummnn
soldier. In Manila he displayed the great
est bravery. He was one of the smalt
party that, under Captain Miles, captures
Block 11. . i. 14 In a charge that will go
down In history*- The party was nearly
all killed, but Avery reached the block
house with ■ few others. For this he wa*
recommended for promotion to a lieuten
ancy. While In the trenches and on thra
tiring line he studied for his examination
and was finally passed and secured hla
commission.
Before his departure for the Philippine
Is Lieutenant Avery I <age(|
to Mlsb Caroline Cott of 0,,
date has t«>««n ser for the w.-ddlrtK. but It
might have occurred before hit
the Philippine* had It not r thl*
unusual and unhappy turn that •
have taken
IN OFFICE FOR A YEAR.
Public Installation of the Chosen
Ones of King Solomon's Chapter.
In the beautifully decorated chapter
room of King Solomon Chapter, Order of
tho Eastern Star. In Franklin Hall, on
Ftllmore Htre^t. last night, there w.r.j
many members of the order to witness
th. installation of the elected an ■: np
pointed officers of the chapter for the cur
rent year. The installing officer was
Grand Patron George Louis Darling. who
wan assisted by Mr- Sarah Isabella Hub
bard, ex-grand treasurer, who was actinic
grand marshal. The elected officers who
were placed in their several stations with
the very Impressive ceremonies of the or
der arc: Martha Elizabeth Blad<», worthy
matron; Arthur Macdonald Blade, worthy
patron: N. Annette Wood, associate mat
ron; Alma Elizabeth Bottom secre
tary; Louise Metzler. treasurer; l.ln«\i
Lincoln Baehr, conductress; Sophie Ath
earn, associate conductress.
The appointed officers are: Harry Baehr.
chaplain; Jane Dawson, marshal; Vir
ginia Isabella Bottomley, warder; George
Charles Denlson. sentinel. Martha Lucille
Wrenn, Adah; Charlotte Gladys Morrl>.
Ruth; Villa Abrahams, Esther; Mao
Frank OKeefe, Martha: Fannie M.
Franklin. Electa; Anna Estelle Hutchln
son, organist. The Work of the grand
patron was. as usual, grand, and nnr :\ 'i •
won much prat*e and many congratula
tions for the pcrfectness of her portion vt
the ceremony wan the acting grand mar
shal. A feature of the ceremonies wu
the singing. Mrs. George L. Durllng san>f
"Just us My God Leads Me" and "Ood"*
Acre"; E. C. Bo>*sei rendered "Hills of
God" and "The Postilion"; Miss Florence
Perkins sang "Noel": Mrs. Henry Owen*
gave "A Dream of ParadUe" and "Oh
.ord Remember Me," and Master N«>il
Blade of St. Lukes choir, son of th.>
worthy matron and patron, sang with flnn
effect "Home Blessed," after his father
had been conducted to his station. At the
conclusion of the Installation there w. r «
short addressee by th* grand patron.
Orand Secretary Mrs. Wlllats. Florin 1..
Jones. John H. Gray and others, after
which there was a general reception to
the new officers.
Assignments of Army Officers.
Captain Alfred BJornstad. Forty--
Infantry, reported for duty at the Pre
sidio yesterday. He was assigned to the
casual detachment pending his assign
ment to Manila.
The contract of Acting Assistant Hur
geon Gilbert L. Pray has been annul,'- I
and he has been ordered to proceed to nj
home. W-bst^r City, lowa.
Acting Assistant Surgeon F A. Titus
has been assigned to duty ,it the gt-nerul
hospital .it the Presidio He will event
ually be arslgned to duty at Manila.
Acting Assistant Surgeon Pearl, who
was with the detachment of the Thlni
Artillery at Sequoia Park, has been ns
signed to temporary duty at the general
hospital
Fire at San Jose.
SAN JOSE. Dec. 21.— The residence of
T. W. Bat stow, the well-known horseman,
on the xlameda. near rac«» street. » it
destroyed by fire this evening. The loss l«
$4000. with $2-» Insurance. There was no
one at home at the time of the fir--, and
the blaze Is believed to have been set by
some Jubilee celebrator. The place wn*
formerly the home of Senator Shortrtdge.
General Lewis Passes Away.
ST. LOUIS. Dec. 21.-Oen#ral James
Low!.*, a well-known attorney, ex-vlc.j
president of the Board of Police Com
missioners and former Adjutant General
of the State of Missouri, died at h!.< homo
In this city to-night of peritonitis. ag<><!
41 years. General Lewis had been 111 only
a few dayp.
Lineman Killed.
SEATTLE, Dec. 21j— Theodore Meyers, a
lineman In the employ of the Grant-street
Electric Railway Company, met death
this afternoon from the combined effect*
of an electric shock and a twenty-foot fait
from a pole, the fall being caused by tho
shock. lie was formerly ■ resident of Los
Angeles.
1112
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
fUFIVKPS OFFICE cf •♦• Pan Francisco
C»:i. corner <-♦ Market an.l Third streets. Open
cr.til 12 o'ck>ck . •.— night •- the year.
BRANCH OFFICKP-«?7. Montgomery street.
corner Clay: open until 9:50 p. tn.
n!> Hajes street; .pen until 9:30 p. n.
CS» McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
fJS Larkln itrret: open until 9:20 p. m.
I*4: Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
rm Market rtreet. corner Sixteenth; op*«
cnttl • p. m.
106 rieventh rtreet: pssj until •p. m.
JPW Valencia .re- pa* until 9p. m.
3C23 Polk rtre»t: cr*n until « p. m.
Northwest corner cf Twenty-second ana Kea-
Urkv »tr*ets: open until ' p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. _ -f.
T No R Post M— Regular assembly flkj—
THIS EVEXINO. Order of th« temple. |cj
A.l frnters cordially invited. Wp
61R JOHN TONNINGBEN. Cora. w
YrnßA BCEXA Lo<ir» of Perfection "W*
No. 1-Meellr.g THIS (FRIDAY) A
EVENING ct * o'clr>ck. IV fc. Jff^.
GEO. J. HOBD. Secy. •aMv
VETERAN OtJiJ Fellowa— Attend j^BSSSSBSBm.
• : -r V teran H AHRIS 4>>>^^i
WOOi' •' ■ atlfnmln I^'s- No. 1
at 001 Fellowm" Hall FRIDAY. yr
1 •(•€. 22. r.t 2 o'clock p. m.
WM. 11. BARNES, Sec
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. L I. O. vgj*S2j>.
0 r.-MemNts will meet tn^gS3si=
Memorial Hall at 1:33 r. m. TO.
T>AY. to attenfl funeral of Bra ' -"'"> %N
HARRIS WOOD. 11. L. TODD. N. O.
ANNUAL meeting— Th» regular annual meet-
:ng of the stockholders '•'■•• Wittram Pro-
peller Company will be held at their office,
sr: Market *t.. Fan Francisco. California, on
MONDAY, the eighth day of January. 1900.
Bt the hour of 3 p. tn.. for the purpose of
electing a board ct rectors to serve for the
enKutng year, and the transaction of such
other builness as may come before the meet-
Ir.c. CHARLES A. HUG. Sec.
Office. 327 Market St.. Ban Francisco, Cali-
fornia^
THE sr.r.uel wrtlni of the stockholders of
Tt* Nerada National Bank of Pan -.claro.
Cal.. will be held at Its banking house. 201
Montgomery »t.. Pan Francisco. Cal.. on
TUESDAY. Jimcery >. 1900. at 3:15 o'clock p.
m.. for the election of directors to serve for
t>>e enrulr.c year, anil th» transaction of such
r>ther bu*tne*s li may come before the meet-
inc. OHO. GRANT. Secretary.
c«- r-.-^'.™ ' -
ATTORNEYS vi LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. KINO, flxth floor. Chron-
Ic'e building: nn ndva.noe rharges; all cases;
•states, mortr**cs. damages, 'lions.
bankruptcy: wills, etc.. drawn; moderate fees.
call or write.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty: private;
no fe» w'.thrmt ... collections. O. W.
HOWE, attr at law. E.V) ..... cor. Stocktn.
AT>VICE fr»e: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON*. «7 Market st.. opp. Mason.
F. 11. MER7.RACH. attorney at law. ha* re-
mimed practice at I^3 Cal. St.. Ounle bldg.
L~P. CLARK. Emma Spreckels hlSg.. 977 Mar-
krt St.; crrniiultation free; no fees In advance.
niCVCLE REPAIRING.
THOS. H. B. VARNEY. Market and Tenth.
RAMBLKR AND IDKAL BICYCLES.
repairing a specialty.
Hoard" and rooms.
nPDY. 123— Vntttvi States Hotel; rooms $1 50
week up. wi'h b-">ard $5 s*»: suite for two with
board. $12: t«oarl. $4 week; meals, £sc; ele-
vator runs all nlght !
HOTEL FAIRMOUXT. 1714 Market — Elegant
now furniture; flrst-elasa In every respect;
tsMc unrurra»i«r(l; hot an.l cold water: ele-
vator: suit'-s. with board for 2, K0 month up.
NI'W famTly hotel: first-class In all appolnt-
m<r.t»: exrelirnt table, f-nt California «t., oc-
cupying romer opposite Grace Churrh.
BOARD and roirn for two. 2NB Valencia st.
••PHLGRAVIA HOTEL." Polk and Clay-Sun-
ny suites: beat board; for 2. $45 up; single. $30.
LAP PALMAS.U2O Market st.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private; bath; tin. rms; board optional.
IXKCGCTORTK, f.82 Oesry— Large suites, bath.
f cr 3or 4 gentlemen ; excellent table board.
O'FARnnLL. 742— Oan. ormfortable rooms:
pnod tnMe tyvard; tcrron to holiday transients.
VAN NEPS aye.. M4— Suites or single rooms
with bard: furnished or unfurnished.
•inn.finn T<~>lr>er. on diamonds,. watrhe*. silver.seal-
»klns. pianos, guns. Uncle Harris. IT. Grant ay.
BOARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
Tory? married couple desire room anil board
In private family; north of McAllister and
wrst rf Jones rt. Address bex tT-3. CaJI.
riRFT-^LAt-'S room and board wanted: no ob-
jection If part or the whole In exchange for
vocal and piano l»n«.:ns. by leading singing
lenrher r>f P. F.. whose o'floe ts in central lo-
c»M n H"X ITT>. Call office.
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
WANTKD— 2 children to board: beat cf bom*
and care. 221 Natoma ft.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
PCHOOL r.OOKi3 KTchT~and~*exchanged'
H"l!r;e-s r.0.-k P.. Tf-4 Mlsslra ft., near Third.
HOOTS AND SHOES.
EPECIAL'. « SPECIAL?! FPECIALV.
LOG t>alra Infants' patent leather shoes, size*
1 to 6. 35c pair; mall orders filled. People's
Khoe*tr.re. 1333 Ff-ckton st.. near Broadway.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A-tSOO; GROCERY In Oakland. wlTh 'horse 'and
■>•■■•.. rent $19: a good paying business; all
fresh »tock. Call R. G. WILKE. -■ Market.
A — Ji<o» - RESTAURANT, oyster and chop
bcus*-. *nh dally receipts of $30: only first-
class jjrtres; rent $4S: the best location In this
City, k Call It. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— CORNER saloon with 7 years' lease in
wholesale district; place established years.
clrsnng from MOO to »4'jO per month: no better
offer in market, n. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
A-MM— DELICACY rtore and branch baker}'.
en Larkln st.; r«-nt $15; good paying business;
fire plar-e for I ladies or man and wife. Call
It. O. WILKE. ? « Market St.
A-I4MV— CANIjY store and factory, with living
room*, in choice location on Polk st.: rent
$£:; clears $35 per week; elegantly fitted; a
rate chance. R. Q. WILKE. 906 Market ft.
A-S«O"O— CORNER grocery and Mr. choicest
location; rent 140; doing a large store and bar
trafle; rtr-rk all fr**h; a rare opportunity.
i -Ml U. a. WILKE. 9t« Market ••
A-rCO- PORK and dellraoy stcre. doing a
large and flrft-clasa paying buMneta; rent
*ro; the very best location; owner must aacri-
flte on account of other lnvertments- a great
bargain. Call n. Q. ■' ILK B, 906 Mar, r\.
X20.%-PARTNnR wanted in good business.; can
rkar $75 month. COWING &. CO.. »i Market.
BRANCH Lakery. candy, notions store, with
_ rooms; bargain. COWING & CO.. 995 Market.
PARTNER wanted In saloon; money no object-
:nuM have help; will clear ITS per month to
♦•ach; Jr*M> of r. j-etira; experience not necea-
«ary. Paclflcj:xchange. 10:6 Market st.
I7M-LODGING house; 1$ ..... of Man-
n t iV-Uiit r . 1 ? 1^' JS2 •^ r «unt •( departure.
_McLALGHLIN A C q^ -~^ Market st.
TO TRADn-S-roora house and lots rented for
naloon or lodging hr,u«e. BASILE. S Eddy nt.
FinPT-CLAFS fruit More for sale; southeast
corner rourth and Minna •'s . good trade;
a rare chance. '
r ?. U ". lr "i*» I V. f ii fru:t noTf "- with 3 IJvln * mi -
c.d established; rent $12; price $75. 130 Eighth.
n^.';' r , i: , fh l'??7. a Cair Kar ' tOr * ' "■ '••'■■•• Price
cc w T cPp\\Tir** t £?» T 's ■?!?*»•* rrosa OSO.
CAPWKLL A CO.'S. 412 Sacramento st.
PLUMBING rhop- atock anTahop tools; tn a
good location. Box mi. c«Ji office.
VERY cheap: fine dairy and delicacy business-
owner compelled to leave city. Box i«S. Call!
• ry and utatlonery
UAUIiER shop and cigar store for sale- crice
ta». Bqk 1737. Call. * PrlCe
PARTNER wanted with wnall capital to take
rhare in trading rxpedltlon toSouthern Isl-
ands with or without service*. Address X
Call branch. ICM Valencia si "^
fiHOP for painter, plumber, carpenter rent
and more tn wcrk. WM. HENDKICKSOV
& CO.. Cl 4 Call building. <
$£O&— CORNER grocery and bar; 2 re*r room*-
rent low; value In sight; cause, other busil
ners. Call at IK2 Folsom •' . cor. Twelfth
GOOD opportunity to secure a well-established
furniture business; account of sickness (39
Broadway. Oakland. Pioneer Furniture Store.
WANTED— A paying route on a morning paper'
about 400 to 630 subscribers; state price, Ad-
drew box '44. Call office.
PAPER route for sale; $1900. Apply box Utt.
Can.
GOOD-PAYING route en Examiner. T5O papers.
Apnly 424 Filbert rt.
LOCKSMITH business for sale: II rears In th*
ISM 1 lace. 94: McAllister st . residence $12
Webster st.
$2000— PARTNER "war-ted In old established
fcustaeea. Box 1714. C«ll office.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Contt»«#>«l.
$350— 8ALOON and cigar stand: prominent cor.:
2 blocks from Kearny St.; good value in sight;
clubr.-on.il attached; owner leaving State
cause of -ale. STENBERG CO.. 264 Kearny.
A-J275-PALOON: J blocks of Market: .' newly
furnished rooms; handsome bar and back bar;
value in sight: owner sick; must sell. STKN-
BKKii CO.. 264 Kearny St.
A-JI2OO— STEAM laundry In busiest country
town In California; lot 60x100: brick building;
one block from depot; remarkable chance for
active man. machinery, wagons, everything
In tip-top shape, half amount of purchase
taken out In work: see to-day. BTENBERG
CO.. 2«4 Kearny st.
A NEW LEASE SECURED.
FRED SCHUEMANN. the proprietor for the
part ten years of th» California Schuetxen
Park, near San Rafael, has secured a new
lea c for these famous picnic grounds, and Is
now prepared to meet committees for picnic
excursion arrangements for the season of 1)00
at his office, 123 Sutter St.. Tuesdays and Fri-
days, frcm 11 a. m. to 3 p. m.
BARBER shop and rooms complete; rent low.
11C3 Howard "st.. near Seventh.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Futiscrlptlons has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
»übsrrl;>tlons has be<>n I.shed at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky rts. ; open until 9 p. m.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
BAKERY, also laundry wagon: fine top buggy,
almost new; bus. buggy, new; bus. wagons,
new. suitable dry goods stores. 823 Harrison.
1 HEAVY express rig and stand, cheap: corner
Eighth and Market. Apply 1199 Market tt.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. ;AN A BON. 2117 Mission St.
190 BETS second-hand harness: wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
j Alt PET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
i send to SPAULDINGS Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st.; tel. 6. 40.
CITT Steam Carpet Beating Works. O. H.
STEVENS. rocr.. 38-40 Bth St.; tel. South 250.
J. MeQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228: lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 3&4. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CARP] cleaned at 3e per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. i Eighth st.; te; Jessie 944.
J. i: MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 149 14th
ft.; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 133 Golden
Gate aye.; telephone East 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing: a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Spear st.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. CLARK.
th« well-known trance medium, may be con-
sulted on all affairs of life. While entranced
she reveals every hidden mystery; she will
thow you how to overcome your enemies: re-
move family troubles; restore lost affections:
unite the separated; recovers lost or stolen
property; locates minerals, tells your entire
life, while in a perfect trance; satisfaction
guaranteed by mail, send stamp for circular
with special tenr.s. MRS. DR. F. CLARK,
*05 Turk st , nr. Jones. Home Sun. and eves.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; best advice in difficult mat-
ters, t Hayes St.. room 7, second floor.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. 1104 Market St.. trance,
test medium; life reader and medical clair-
voyant; treats all diseases; sittings $L
MRS. HARLAND'S circle •, night, articles,
sealed letters read; 10c; sitting. 50c. 31. 34 6th.
C. V. MILLER, materializing trumpet seance,
j Ip. m . 25c. 409 Leavenworth st.
MME. HANSON, palmistry. 10c; card reader;
past, present, future, go. 14S Sixth St.. r. 12.
MRS RANKIN. card reader and palmist. 953
Mission st., near Sixth.
MME MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
EDWARD EARLE, Independent slate writer.
j 230 Ellis st.; circle Sun. and Wed. evenings.
YOUR future told bTcards. 25c 1024 SlxtbTst^
M a. m. bo S p. m.
MME. 2EREDA of S Seventh st. ts the original
I gypsy life reader; readings. 25c.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 9214 Mlssion.op Mint.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry, 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
I sittings dally. 2124 Sixth Ft.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 2Sc up. 6 Fourth ••
MM!: SYBILLE — Cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charg* un-
less successful. Room 319, 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$10— BAY-WINDOW cottage: 4 rooms; water
free. 103 Collins St.. near Geary.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. B. HIGGINS' dental parlors. 927
Market St., over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of .electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the rums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fllllnes
from $1 up: other fillings from 50c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plate* that fit from
•• L 0 up; open evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anaesthetic for painless dentistry—
Synol, on application to the gums, removes
the pain; see our flesh-colored plates; thinner
and stronger than rubber; warranted lor M
}e«.rs; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate.; fillings. &•.*■; crowns, $3 50; plates,
full set. 15; all w rk painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
AT the' ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 803 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crown;,
$3 60 up: plats, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. . Sundays, 9 to 3
p. m. O. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O"F«rr*>ll st ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges, $4;
1 rubber or flexible plates, U. receive^ 8 first
prizes: no students; guaranteed 12 years.
' DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh— Crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity: guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10 oper-
ators; no students. V 97 Market st.
LOWEST prices In S. F. : work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists, 963 Mission, cor. «th.
Guaranteed dentistry. $1 per week; refer to 6000
city patlenta. Esmond Dental Parlors. 43 (th.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 26c.
1 SET at teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNO. 1441 Polk at.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.: $ graduate opera-
tors: open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In th*
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage raid.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking School; leading sys-
tem; easy payments; evg. classes. 103 Post.
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring Parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 306 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. SS7 Geary: dresses
made, $6 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post. overO*Connor&Moffatt.
______
KIJI CATION AL]
IHAI.D'S Business College, 24 Post St., S. F. ;
practical, courses In bookkeeping, shorthand.
typing. languages. telegraphy, English,
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc ; lew bO-page catalogue free.
ATRES' Buslnese College. 721 Market St., con-
ducted personally by Mr. and Mrs Ayres;
life scholarship $50, includes all branches.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical, mining,
I mech . survey, assay, arch!. ; day and even ;
est. MM. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
MIPS M. O. BARRETT Is unable to fill all de-
mands for her shorthand graduates: lessons
- nslly end by mail. 302 Montgomery st
ONE-FIFTH of those admitted at the recent
Supreme Court examinations were prepared
at the Kent College of Law. 927 Market st.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin: reasonable terms;
thorough Instruction. Studio. 405 Geary, r. 17.
E. L. APPLEBT. banJnUt and teacher; hours,
1 to 6 and » to 9 p. m. 220 Eddy st.
THE Hitchcock School. San Rafael, for young
den and boys, Easter term begins Jan. 7.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., FRIDAT, DECEMBER 22. 1899.
EDUCATIONAL.
1 ALL official reporters of this city advise stu-
dents to go to Gallagher's Shorthand Insti-
, tute. Parrott building; be wise; follow their
advice; be thorough; life scholarship $50.
SECURE an experienced teacher. PROF.
, MERKI. 100$ Mission; violin, mandolin, gui-
| tar: reasonable.
ACTING and vaudeville people put on stage.
Hallett. Lyceum Theater. 110 O'FarreU st.
••EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College. 206 Larkln St.. cpp. City Hall.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught,
prlv.or class. Barker's Academy. 927 Mission.
LAW schools. 927 Market. 8. F.. and 906 Broad-
ray. Oakland; day and night; correspondence..
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic. grammar. writing;
! day and night; terms low. IM4 Mtss|on.nr.6th.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
, United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office-Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
FIELD'S Employment Agency— Help furnished
free. 655 Clay st. phone Davis 821.
JAPANESE Information bureau: Japanese and
Chinese help. 421 Post; phone Main 19!>«.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office:
best help. 414 1 , «•' Fan-ell St.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency: alt kinds
help. GEO. OAKI. 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant 36. .
EMPLOYMENT WAATED— FEMALE.
NEAT woman, fine cook and housekeeper; kind
to children; willing to work In city or coun-
try: wages $12 to $15. Call at 110 Fourth st.,
room 11. _J
YOUNG lady wishes position as accompanist on
the piano with one or more. Instruments. Ap-
ply b2lV> Howard st.
WOMAN wishes a situation to work la
kitchen: wages $13. 256 Stevenson St.
REFINED German, can cook and keep bouse,
would like to bave position. Address 337)4
Tenth at.
YOUNG lady wishes a position as accompanist
on the piano with one or more Instruments.
Address MARY SCHMIDT. Oakland.
EXPERIENCED stenographer wishes position;
salary $5 a week to start. Box IMP. Call.
RELIABLE woman wlshs situation; la a good
cook: will do light housework In small fam-
ily for low wages and good home; obliging
• and willing. 10 Stockton place, off Stockton
st., near Sutter.
YOUNG refined English woman wishes a po-
sition as nurse and companion to an invalid.
Box 1555. Call.
i $100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches.ellver.seal-
sklns. pianos, guns. Uncle irrts, 15 Grant ay.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 26c to $1 60 night; $1 60 to $1
week; convenient and respectable; free *bu»
and baggage to and from ferry.
i CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
I A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open till 9 p. m.
I A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions haa been established at 11/96 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st, ; open until 9 p. m.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
EXPERIENCED manager iiT~a~ family
liquor store or saloon: first-class barkeeper;
in the city or country; speak English and
French fluently: also first-class driver. Ad-
drers box 1555. Call office.
ENGINEER, first class, familiar with electric
and Ice machinery and heating, wants posi-
tion ; good reference. Box 15E6. Call office.
MAN would like a position as dishwasher or
anything else, lit Fourth st.
MIDDLE-AGED man not afraid of work, welt
I acquainted In city, give good reference, speaks
English, French. Italian fluently, desires posi-
tion In any store. Apply 23 Hunt St., near
Howard and Mission.
MIDDLE-AGED man. strictly trustworthy.
good references, desire* position as Janitor,
watchman or porter, or to drive delivery wa-
gon; 20 years a resident of this city. Address
K. S.. 3332 Army st.
INDUSTRIOUS, sober and honest German, un-
derstands the care of horses, cows, garden
work, has porter experience and Is handy
with tools, desires position. Box ; .■•«, Cal..
WANTED— By an experienced salesman, situ-
; ation In a general merchandise store; best of
: references: have been over 7 years with
present employers. R.. box 535, Call office.
STEADY man wants employment; good black-
smith: willing to take any kind of work. Box
BSO. Call office. Oakland.
POSITIONS wanted by experienced man and
wife on ranch. Address box IM2. Call office.
£00 TO loan on diamonds. watches. sllver.seal-
skins, pianos, guns. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fltlmor* ts.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions his been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; o;.en till 9 p. m.
EXCHANGE. ~~~
I WILL exchange a valuable patent for a
grain, stock or fruit ranch: this article Is In
use every day. Address FRANK YOUNG.
Woodland, Yolo. County. Cal.
FIRPT-CLAPS business for an Alameda house
and lot. Address box 1553. Call office.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
INFLAMED eyes, or continuous eye trouble
can at once be overcome with Mayerle's Ger-
man eye water, by mall. &oc. GEORGE MAY-
ERLE, German Expert Optician. 10714 Mar-
ket ft.. San Francisco; telephone Mint 257.
FLATS TO LET.
ELEGANT new flat; 6 rooms and bath; large
basement. 713 Grove st.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed list
you get from BALDWIN * HOWELL, 19
Montgomery st.
FLAT of 7 rooms. $15: one of 4 rooms. $10;
modern. Apply 4499 Seventeenth st.
LOWER flat. 4 rooms. 2233 Geary st.; rent
cheap. MADISON * BURKE.
SUNNY bay-window flats. 7 rooms and 2 kitch-
ens each; first and second floors. 4174 Third.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches.silver. seal-
skins pianos, guns. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
TURK. MO- Sunny flat. 4 rooms, bath and
basement, yard; rent $13: no children.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call,
18 paces. in wrapper, for mulling. » per year.
FLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
I NICELY furnished flat. 7 large rooms and bath;
modern conveniences. Apply 1445 McAllister.
FREE TO ALL.
BEAUTIFULLY Illustrated book, by sending
address to lock box 643. Los Angeles. Cal.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all sizes. $2 90;
heavy matting. 10c per yard: 30x60 inch ruga.
$1. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310-1313 Stockton
St.. near Broadway: open evening.
i 4 ROOMS furnished In oak for 144 60. with No.
T range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 767 Mission;. tel. Red 3353.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays
the highest price for your Id-hand furniture.
, WANTED— $5000 carpets furniture, etc; htgheat
price paid: postal. M. Pllv«r»tein 1121 Market.
HELP — AGENTS.
I BIG commission, percentage Increase, share In
i stock, salary: men, women to sell Investment-
savings bonds: better than bank or building
and loan stock. Call room 608, Parrott bldg..
12 to 4 dally.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
WANTED Two bright young ladies (from 18 to
22) of refinement, respectability and good ad-
dress, to accompany gentleman and wife In
business to Northern and Eastern cities; em-
ployment very profitable and thoroughly re-
spectable; expenses advanced; references re-
quired. Box 15£2. Call.
LADY to travel with phonograph; age. between
30 and 40. Address Box 1557, Call.
WOMAN cook wanted. 136 Second St.
"WANTED— GirI for cooking and housework
wages $20. Apply mornings. 2930 Sacramento.
; GIRL for country; assist In cooking; wages $15.
Inquire of B. F. MILLARP. 664 Geary st.
1 YOUNG woman wanted for artist's model. Ap-
ply 2311 Jackson at.. 10 to 12 a. m.
; WANTED— Lady assistant In traveling show.
Address A. MIX. Call branch, 1096 Valencia.
NURSE for 2 small children. Call I to 13 any
I morals*. 109 Lyoo st.
*■ 4
HELP ■WANTED— FEMALE.
WAXTED— Cook, plain wash, $30; 2 Protestant
cooks. $26; German or Scandinavian laundress,
$30; second girl and seamstress. $25; 2 cooks.
German style, $25. $20; 2 hotel waitresses, $20.
city; 2 hotel waitresses and chambermaids,
$15, $20, country: chambermaid and . waitress,
$16. city; 7 restaurant waitresses. $4, $5, $6 a
week, hotel cook, $30; Scandinavian, German
and neat Irish girls for housework. $20, $25.
city and country. J. F. CROSETT A CO., 316 j
Butter st.
C R. HAXSEN A CO 104 GEARY ST.
Waitresses wonted to-day for Bakersfleld,
Keswick. GolL Holllster Lathrop, Nevada.
Napa. $20 and fare; chambermaid to wait.
Germantown. $22 (will take woman with a
child; 2 waitresses, restaurant. $7 60 week;
lunch waitress; 6 waitresses flrst-claes hotels,
city. $20. $18; chambermaid. Oakland. CUi
cook, small country hotel. $25 and fare. C. R.
HANSEN A CO., 104 Geary at.
GIRL for general housework: no washing;
wages $20. 2640 Howard st.
WANTED— 3 neat young girls, one for down-
stairs work, must be a good cook: also one for
second work; wages $25 and $18; references
required. 11S0 O'Farrell st.
DOMESTICATED Christian gentlewoman can
find a good home for her services by address-
lng M. E.. Call office. Oakland.
LADIES to learn barlx r trade: only requires
eight weeks to learn this wry profitable busi-
ness; halrdresslng taught In four weeks. Call
or write for free Illustrated cntalogue. MO-
LER'S BARBER COLLEGE. €35 Clay «t.
GIRL or woman to assist and help mind baby;
$6. 14 Cedar aye., cor. Larkln st.
WANTED— 3 competent dressmakers Wednes-
day; wages $1 60 to $2 50. 1269 Broadway.
YOUNG girl, light housework: no washing:
must have references. 1419 Golden Gate aye.
WANTED— A finisher on pants: also an ap-
prentice girl; pay while learning. Room 32.
410 Kearny at.
APPRENTICES on shirts and overalls; paid
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory, cor-
ner Gough and Grove ate.
LADIES' cloaks, suits. $1 per week. Eastern '
Outfitting Co.. 1306 Stockton, near Broadway. ,
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds. watches.sllver.seal-
sklns. pianos, guns. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2800 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10M Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 12?3 Polk St.; open until » p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.; open until 9 p. m.
HELP WANTED MALE.
MURRAY A READY PHONE MAIN 5848
Leading EmDloyment and Labor Agents.
10 woodchopDers. Sonoma Co.. see boss here: !
laborers, city work $30 and board
Coremakers. mine company $3 60 day j
Boy to drive butcher wag0n. ...515 and found >
Ranch teamsters, pruners. etc.. s26 and found !
German cabinetmaker: choremen. MURRAY
& READY. 624 and 636 Clay st.
CAMP cook, near city. $40 and found; man and
wife, small country hotel near city, man tend
bar. etc.. wife for upstairs work, etc., $30 and •
found: cooks, hotel and restaurants. $35 and
$40 and $9 week: waiters, city and country.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
COOK and wife for mine, near city; $55 and
found; see boss here. MURRAY A READY.
634 and 63« Clay »t.
C R. HAXSEN & CO 104 GEARY ST.
- Teamsters for the Coast Road, free fore, ship
Sunday and Monday; teamsters and laborers
for the Los Angeles Branch S. P. Co.. free
fare, ship to-day; rockmen for a quarry, $2 60
a day, part fare advanced: ranch blacksmith.
$30; pruner. $26; farmer. Sonoma Co.. $20.
Head iaundryman and assistant, hand laun-
dry, country hotel, $35 and $30; cook and wife,
country hotel, $50: second C(X>k. country hotel,
$35. C. R. AX SEX & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WAXTED MINERS
3 miners. $8 per day. steady work; farm
hands, milkers, woodchnpers, cooks, waiters
and dishwashers. W. D. EWER A CO.. 610
Ciay st.
WAXTED— Driver for milk route In city; $35 I
and found: single man with references. W. !
P. EWER A CO.. 610 Clay st. j
WAXTED— MiIk wagon drivers. $25 to $30 and j
found; driver for baker's wagon, $30 and j
found; man and wife, private family. $.15;
errand boy; cake baker. $45; boy to learn !
baker's trade: cooks, waiters and others, i
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62$ Sacramento st.
BARBERS' home. 1205 Market St.. corner '
Eighth— legally authorized employment '
office on the Pacific Coast: barbers bosses
supplied with first-class help; charges reason-
able; country employers must pay transpor-
tation of men; send Stamp for reply; barber
shops for sale. WM. HABERECHT. Mgr.
BARBER'S Protective Union— The only legal j
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEIN'X.,
Employment Secy.. 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free Employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec.. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 152. ;
WANTED— A thoroughly experienced salesman
and buyer for clothing, furnishing goods and
hats. Address letters to box 1554, Call office,
stating references, giving houses where for-
merly employed, age and salary expected.
WANTED— palefman and furnishing goods
salesman Apply 8. N. WOOD A CO.. 71i
Market st.
WANTED— A first-class carnage blacksmith. '
Apply to A. MEISTER A SONS. Secramento, |
Cal.. stating references.
BOY about 18 years old for office work: must
write good hand and have had some ex- *
perience. Address box 1551. Call office.
WANTED— Reliable spice miller and coffee
roaster: ncne other need apply; references.
I'ox 16J9. Call.
BEAMEN, green hands and ordinary seamen,
at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart St. ,
BOY wanted to feed Gordon presses. Apply
723 Montgomery st.
WANTED— Tailors. ROOS BROS.. 26 to 37
Kearny st.
TWO barbers wanted for Saturday. 797 Mission
street.
WANTED good gralner this morning at 713
Harrison st.
WANTED— Bushelman. Apply Golden Eagle
Clothing Store. 104 Kearny at.
WANTED— Painters. Corner Polk and Green-
wich sts.
BOY to distribute circulars. 1008 Mission St..
I Friday morning.
GOOD man to work behind lunch counter:
wages $25. Golden Bell. 1077 Market St.
WANTED— Good bartender; German preferred.
Address box" 1738. Call.
HANDY laborer for whitewashing machine
work. 1411 Jackson «t.
OFFICE boy wanted. Call Winchester Hotel.
44 Third st.
MAN and wife wanted; no children; rent free.
1232 Valencia St.; call after 6 p. m.
FIRST-CLASS tailor on custom coats. 121
Montgomery at., room 1. second floor.
PARTNER wanted with small capital. Call be-
tween 10 and 12 a. m.. 2 to 4 p. m.. to-day, 123 i
_to 129 Eddy st., room 12.
GET your ahces half-soled while waiting; 250 to
60c. 662 Mission St., bet Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— Boy about the age of 15 to learn
the different branches of painting. Address
box 15*3. Call office.
WANTED— Lead glaciers and cutters. 10$
Mission st.
BARBER shop, flrst class, short hours, 1:30 to
7:30. for sale. 603 Washington st.
MEX and women to learn barber trade: day
and evening classes. Expert Instruction at 8.
F. Barber School, 741 A Howard st.
$IN>.W) TO loan on diamonds, watches. sllver.seal-
sklns. pianos. guns. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant nv.
MEX wanted to learn barber trade: only eight
weeks required; constant practice; expert In- i
struction; lectures and everything necessary '
to teach the tonsorial art thoroughly; special j
Inducements this month: call or write for free i
Illustrated catalogue. MOLER'B BARBER >
COLLEGE. OS Clay st. The only Institution
of the kind ever authorized by the State to
teach the art.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— 100 men to try our 15e breakfast.
dinner or supper; best In city. 406 McAllister.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices.
11 week. N. Y. TAILORIXO CO.. 115 Kearny.
600 PAIRB men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. Ett Mission at., bet. Ist and 2d ata.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attor-
— neys. Hearst bldg. Third and Market.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 15c and 25c
per night. Linden. «th and Howard; read. rm.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 4« Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room: free
bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. .
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.l open until 6 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Kcn-
k tucky st».; open until 8 p. m.
HOUSES LODGING— SALE.
11 ROOMS, full, clears $35 «25
20 rooms, rent $75. clears $100 $1250
41 rooms, corner 2 floors, clears $200 $3700
Money to loan. M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market st.
FOR Well-paying 12-room house; must
sell by the Ist. Box 1558. Call.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK. Etc For Sale)
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
X:~ Elxth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
60 HEAD fine draught and driving horses at 1611
and 1625 Market at., bet. Twelfth and Brady;
al«o some tine matched black teams.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
1661Octavla; 16 r.5150 I 671 O'Farrell: 7 $37 60
731 13th: 6 r 20 IN:, Howard: 6 r.. 13 00
637 Jersey 5 r.... 12 1024 Geary; 7 r 30 00
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN * HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st. '
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches. silver, seal-
skins, pianos, guns. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Dec. 20. in the vicinity of Fourteenth
nnd Jefferson sts., a small purse containing '
Jive diamond rln«3 and two diamond pins.
Couple seen to pick up same will please re-
turn to J. F. CONNERS, 1209 Jefferson St..
and receive liberal reward.
LARGE reward— liost— Diamond frog pin; ruby
eyes; between Tlvoll Cafe and Columbia The- j
ater. Return to box office of Columbia The-
ater and receive reward; no questions asked.
$10 REWARD— For return of umbrella; horses'
heads on handle: lest Saturday. JAMES
MARKLAND. 7 Butter St.
LOST— Keys on ring, No. 112. and police whistle.
Return to Southern Police Station; reward.
LOST— Pug dog: Third and Stevenson; liberal
reward. HOFFMANN. 13 Third st.
BLACK and white setter bitch. December 11.
Return to 2210 Stelner st. reward.
LOST— Ladles* gold watch: Initials "H. O. to
J. H.": reward. Inquire at 1200 Howard st.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of JOHN S. DAVIS. No. 231-1011. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Yorkshire terrier puppy; color gray.
tipped with black hair. Return 210 Turk st.:
reward. _^_
LOST— Check on Bank British North Amer-
ica. Liberal reward to finder returning to
owner at 1039 Mission St.
LADY'S pur*«. name Inside; reward. Return
to MRS. MASON. IMS Fllb«rt st.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable ladles' physician
and specialists; home for patients In confine-
ment or with chronic diseases: best cAre;
• guaranteed treatment at office. $5; consulta-
tion free. 542 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Lar-
kln; hours 10 to 8. 7 to 8. ;
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned j
ladles' specialist: safe and reliable; has prac- ,
tical In S. F. for years; treated thousands |
of cases successfully; treatment can be used I
at home; consultation free; success guaran- :
teed. Write or call at 10234 Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialist,
formerly of 401 Van Ness aye.. 1362 Market,
has returned from Europe with Improved
methods and advanced knowledge; cure at
office. $5; warranted; IS years' successful prac-
tice In S. F. Office. 118 Eddy St., near Mason.
PRIVATE confinement home: sunny rooms:
best of care; nice garden: medicated steam
baths for ladles. DR. and MRS. WEGENER.
phone Pine 2781: res.. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. POPPER, ladles' physician for 37 years; j
call on a physician with man's knowledge;
ears $5; consultation free. 31S Kearny st.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 122S Market ladles' !
physician; chronic diseases treated; late scien-
tific methods: cure guaranteed; treatment $6.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' physician. 1122 Mar-
ket ft., bet. Mason and Taylor; guaranteed
treatment at office, $5; hours 9 a, m. to 5 p. m.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 103", Market st. ; hours 10
a. m. to sp. m. ; at residence. 228 Van Ness
aye.. 6 to 9 p. m.; guaranteed treatment, $5.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 610 Eddy st.. bet. Hyde
and Larkln; hours. 10 to 12, 2 to 4 and 7 to S.
DR. GREY, the eminent female specialist. i
1 Fifth st. Home or office treatment. $3.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. HIS Market
st ; every case guaranteed; $0 up.
DR. WONG HIM herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason at.
MINES AND MINING.
CARTERS Gold Mine shares; fortune makers; '
dividend payers; quoted on Pacific Stock Ex-
change; 35 cents per share or monthly Install- i
ments: send for prospectus. CARTERS GOLD ,
MINING CO.. 220 California St.. rooms 6-7.
W. F. ARAM, mining attorney, room 40. Bth
floor. Mills building. S. F : tel. Main 844.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOII.ERS. engines. M-hand machinery. Me-
IXTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st. j
BARS, hack bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAX. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
St.. above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1"C:; Mission at.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora bats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St.. nr. Pine.
DRESS pants. $2 75; fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 613 Montgomery st.
DIAMOND collar buttons; suitable for holiday
gifts; at half store prices. UNCLE HARRIS.
15 Grant aye.
SACRIFICE: family surrey: handmade: very
handsome: cost $350; sell cheap. : -. Valencia.
FOR saie — Two fire extinguishers; new. Apply
564 Geary st.
ONE H. B. Smith 4-slded sticker: 1 Goodell &
Waters planer and matcher. 24x6; 1 air com- '
pressor; 1 band saw; 5 locomotives; 3 steam- I
ers. 220 Fremont st.
SAFES— Xew and second for banks, merchants.
Steamers, residences; portable safety boxes; ]
specie chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market St.. S. F. Cal.
FRESH snowballs— Caw" and all brands
English fire brlrk. fire clay, brlckdust. S. K.
CHURCH, 307 Bane me St.: let Main 6056.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100: concert records. $2 M. BACIGALUPI,
$33 Market St.. San Francisco.
ELEGANT fawn beaver cape; lined silk; latest
model; great bargain; $50. Call between 2 and
I, 1358 Market st.
CASH register and fireproof safe for sale cheap.
42 Main st.
ANOTHER fine Intent style sealskin ticket,
worth $200. for $110. UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant aye.
ITALIAN model mandolin, high grade. $10: cost
$35. PLAZA LOAN OFFICE. 702 Kearny st.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planers.lathes.
Iron & wood; 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 139 Beale.
NEW style Singer sewing machine; 5 drawers;
oak; complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
MAGIC lanterns; new and second-hand: acety-
lene generators. Bullard & Breck, 131 Post St.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM, 813 Kearny st.
CLOSING out of 300 new and 2d-hand heaters
and ranges: from $1 up. 213 Fourth st.
FOR Christmas presents call on SOREXSEX.
reliable Jeweler. 103 Sixth St.. below Mission.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies.
boilers and engines. H. S. White, 516 Mission.
BUYS, sells, rents gear machinery, boilers,
water pipe; new, 2d-hand. Whltelaw.2l6 Spear.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
GOLD quartz rock for Jewelry: $22 per ounce
fiT cold in it. 328 Bush st. 3d floor, room 4.
LOT of old windows and tank closets; must be
cheap. Address box 1354. Call office.
MONEY TO LOAN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
st.; tel. Main 1644: Branch 19 Third st.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; flrst.
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, life Insurance; chattel
mortgages; confidential: advice free. G. E.
OLSEN. room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
LOANS on furniture, or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without re-
moval: no commission: no delays. J. NOON-
AX. 1017 to 1023 Mission at., above Sixth;
telephone South 14.
AVOID delays: try all others, then see me* $50
to $100,000: 6 per cent; Ist, 2d or chattel mort-
gages, estates In probate, undivided interests in
estates, legacies and mortgages bought: advice
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. 636 Market.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
. lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLOAX, 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndoraer. MuRRELL, (09 Examiner bldg.
MONEY TO LOAN.
MOST reliable olace to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest prices for old cold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
planes; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bids;. 130 Powell st.
ON furniture and pianos without removal, quick
service; money direct; lowest interest. Room*
6S and 63. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
AT 126 Kearny, rm. 9. respectable private place
to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rites; take elevator; tel. Davis 955.
ON real estate, Ist or 2d mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 26 Montgomery st.
WE have more money on hand than we care to
carry; chattel mortgages, rents, estates, coun-
try lands. A. M. SPECK A CO.. 667 Market.
PRIVATE party loans on furniture at 3 per
cent; no commission. BROWN, r. 81. 6 Eddy.
ISOOO TO loan on furniture and pianos at 2 per
cent. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market st.
TO salaried men; without collateral or Indorser.
S. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan building.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs.;
ary proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
IK your property Is mortgage.! and you Deed
more monpy see H. MURPHY. 630 Market at. i
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AGAIN we remind you that you should pur-
chase your medium and low-priced pianos
where they can be exchanged for a Stelnway
within three years and have full purchase
price allowed. We are selling new upright :
pianos for $6 per month, and some good
llanos for $3. $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY * CO.. Stelnway Dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco;
corner Thirteenth and Broadway. OaklanO.
SAVE enough money purchasing your piano to |
buy your other Xmas gifts; you can do it at
our store; a few used pianos at bargains;
Ftelnway. Hardman. Chase Bros., Decker,
etc.. beautiful new planoa at prices lowest in
the city, quality considered: easy terms;
Wednesday to Saturday special sale days;
don't miss them. J. DEWING CO., ware-
rooms 2U floor Flood bldg.. 4th and Market.
"BABY" Decker uprights are "all the rage"
now. See them at MAUVAIS'. Ml Market st.
PACKARD organs are the best of all organs
for churches, send for prices. MAUVAIS,
769 Market st.
THE choicest kind of a Christmas present Is an
Olympla music box. Call at MAUVAIS', 789
Market st. and hear them.
IF you don't want to pay all cash you can have
easy payments for any piano at MAUVAIS',
7C!> Market st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER * CHASE'S.
2«. 23 and 30 O'Farrell at.; pianos, organs and I
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; price* lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the '
customer.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE, 30 o'FarreU st.
ALL makes for a short time rnly.
U.I U. $4. $4. $4. $4 p»r month.
2 Chlckerings. 2 Stelnways. 1 Vose ft Sons and
to other slightly used high and medium grade
pianos; special discounts for cash.
HEINE PIANO MFG. CO.. 136 Ellis st.
GREAT slaughter eAle of pianos on storage:
closing out lot of uprights $•>» up: open even-
Ings. WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos; prices reduced to Insure prompt sales.
W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post at.
ELEOANT upright, stool and cover: cost
$350; for sale on 85 Installments. 1115 Post.
OUR pianos have arrived; rented $3 per month.
Scott-Curtaz Piano Co.. £60 Hayes st.
WANTED— Upright piano for cash] H. L.
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market st.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos, 305
Post St.; open evenings.
FINE Stelnway: the best bargain In the city. ,
Room 12. Flood building.
WANTED— I square pianos. BYRON MAUZT.
308 Post st.
FINE Fischer A. Stelnway upright: sacrificed.
KKEFE'S. 101» Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary st. j
W. B. BADGER. 412 Sacramento ■■ . agent for
Francis Bacon and Hall»tt & Davis pianos.
GOOD upright piano, nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNQ'B. 216 McAllister at.
BARGAIN— Good upright: cheap. RCHMITZ^, 16
McAllister at., next Hlberma Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place. •
OFFICES AND stores — to LET.
AFIITON^Store. 4:* Turk, nr.Larkln, Jl«; do ,
479 Valencia at., nr. Sixteen:' $20.
HALF of nice offlce (furnlahed); first floor.
Ronir 14. 1104 Market st.
Pfc*U!»U.NALS.
WIDOWER would like the acquaintance of a
widow; object matrimony; Protestant: no
trlflers; no agents. Address box 84. Call of- !
flee, Oakland.
M. J. B. Personal— Arrived. Rochester. Dallas, I
Willis, Guthrie. No money to follow Long
Beach; Remember B.
GOLDEN Gate Oyster and Chop House: oysters
any style. DAMITRES BAROSIS. 27 Ninth.
MME. FOULSHAM. from England: facial treat-
ment & bust developm't. specialty. 331 Farr'l
THAT hair you admire so much Is made beau-
tiful with Lederer** Qulntnnica. 3.V: bot. ; j
Lederer's Foamo Shampoo. 5c pk;?. 123 Stktn. '
LEDERER is the hairdresser who exercises '
particular care of the dressing of your hair
to suit you, 25c only: switches $1 up; fine
$2 50. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
6000 CHRISTMAS trees: delivered. California
Christmas Tree Co.. COB Sacramento St.. tel.
Main 12*0. and 325 Twelfth at.. Oakland. Ex-
position building.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
Ing call on B. COHEN. 157 Third st.
COLEMAN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools
carpets, old gold: send for him. V* Kearny.
JOHN L. UOONE. Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Law* a Specialty.
fan Francisco. CaL American and Foreign
Send for circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 100 rooms
XSc to M 50 per night; II 54 to M per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LEADING theatrical and masquerade cos-
turners; make-up and wigs: country orders so-
licited. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Market st.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. ■L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market, bet. 7th and Sth.
DOLL wigs made of human hair at La Verite
parlors. 1140 Market at.: telephone Folsom 411
BEST price for cast-ofT clothing and brlc-a-
brae. H. MARKS. V» Third St.: send postal.
PAINTING and paperhHnulnT; rooms papered
12 M up. JENSK.. ft HATH 3.M Sixth st
HIRSUTINE CO.. hair sneclaltlsts. grow hair
or no pay; book for stamp. 6 Eddy st.
INCRUSTATION— New invention lor .-ninn .lec-
orators. See S. R. CHURCH. 307 Bansotne st.
WANTEI>-Old *old for manuf'g O. NOLTE
jeweler. 24«. O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
STAMMERING corrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
HOnN. A. M.. Ph r> i-i- T.lpd... n v--i
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES. ~
POLYCHROME, our own new platinum 'paper-
superior to nil and lower In price; sample
doi. 25c. mailed. Cal. Camera Co.. 22 Geary
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
FOR sale— Cheap, new 2-story houses; 7 rooms''
latest Improvements; Noe and Hill sts • near
Castro-et. cars; patent sidewalk.
NEW cottages, houses and flats for sale on
Pierce and Waller ata.. near Halght: over 30
&"fe»5r?J"J!Sa! ' Term * t0 suit by
I- NKTaSOS, builder.
RKAL ESTATE COUNTRY For Sale)
IF interested ln the Russian River valley* of
Sonoma County, eend 10c for the New Year
» ;Ue of the Healdsburg .Tribune; profusely
Illustrated with half-tone engravings, out
F h/.^/ eSId ' pr !? '' rt r ln I '°" G » to »-room
nouse. i with , modern convenience; splendil
v.'rTeVv lol^ 100 .' Cho!ce collection of flowers,
variety of bearing tr^es and vines; ten tnln-
\v V. £ roi d . epot: Price $2500. Inquire of
"-', SI C »">P»*l'. Lo« Gal0 "' or Frank Mason.
3373 Twenty-third street. San Francisco.
CH * E ,. P S ST and b *" t ln Amerlca-The Weekly
i'«iV~. c. pa| "* M> •* nt to * n * addres* In the
United State*, postpaid, for II per year.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
C *jS**!!!'*4?^ .*■ »!■■*• taastly; ' aan *
parlor* for light hkpg; reas.; refs. exchanged.
CHESTNUT. -Fine- furnished room for
housekeeping: quiet neighborhood: fine view
and sun; cheap.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmor. st
EDDY 473— Two' or three room*, furnished
complete; two closets; large pantry; yard
FIFTH. 353—3 connecting furnished houseke^nT
ing rooms. $13: also single rms . IS. t« and tr
FOLSOM. 834-Sunny housekeeping room do,:
ets. stove, bath; modern house; private; $160
ROOMS Oil -|vi .i\r. t.t i.i».
HAIGHT. Newly furnished sunny room*.
HOWARD 10«4— 1 sunny front room and kltcaea
for housekeeping furnished; reasonable.
HTDsI 410— Sunny front parlor suite, complete
for housekeeping; also basement front suite.
LEWIS. 1«. off -aylor. nr. Post— Newly fur-
nished bedroom and kitchen: $12; stove.
POST. 603— Nicely furnished sunny room* with
or without light housekeeping: reasonable.
PINE. 800— A large sunny room for housekeep-
Ing; also others; rent cheap. ■
tIOO.OOO TO loan on diamonds, watches.sllver.seal-
•klns. pianos, guns. Uncle Harris. 1j Grant ay.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
nu»>«criptiona has been established at 10M \ a-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscription* ha* been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until » p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions nan been established at the
northwest comer of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sta.: open till 9 p. m.
ROOMS TO LET— Knrn sail lifori>.
A — BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 11l Sixth— Room*
?Sc to $1 per night ; $1 25 to $3 per week, and
light bouiekeeptng: open all night.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor *ts.—
Homelike house: modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms tec to $1 SO day. MR3. J. KINO.
BURNETT. 1428 Market st. <old No. U*4>— Fur-
nlshed rms.. suite*, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLTON. 120* Market, cor. Golden Oat*
aye. corner; well furn; rms. * office*.
CLASSIFIED *dvertlsement* and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 F1 " a>Or * **•
ELEGANT suite, bay window, on Van Ness;
suitable for doctor or dentist. Box HI. Call.
ELLIS. Large sunny room; suitable for 1
gentlemen; everything new.
FULTON, lift— Sunny rooms, furnished; ao
children. _______^___
GEARY. 406 (The Navarre>-Elegantly f£rnl»!»-
ed room*, en suite or single. MRS. H. HTER.
CIKARD House. 192 Seventh— furnished
rooms: day or week; reasonable.
ORAND SOUTHERN. Southeast cor. Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor: reading room: elevator.
GRANT aye.. 217. opp. Samuels' lacs lull —
suite or single: very reasonable.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $* per week.
HARRISON. 754V4. nr. 4th— Finely furn. sunny
rms.; bath; convenient, homelike; $1 wk. up.
HOWARD 715—200 sunny rooms: nicely fur-
nished: every convenience: electric lights.
MCALLISTER. Large furnished room;
large closet: gas: hot and cold water: rent 14.
MINNA. 322—2 or 1 housekeeping rooms, com-
plete; also sunny double room.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient.
NSW Arlington. 1015 Market-Nicely furnished.
Xc day up: $2 week up; transient.
NINTH. Furnished rooms from 11 75 to $3 10
per week. .
OAK 116— Newly furnished sunny bay-window
suite; gas; bath: also single; gentlemen pre-
ferred. ____________^^______
OFARBELL. Sunny furnished rooms and
office*; elevator: electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
PINE. 2333 — Front and back parlor; unfur-
nished. * • -■ . - -
ROYAL House. 128 Ellis st.— lncandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 CO; week. $3 to
fS; month, $* to $30; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot. cold water: baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. » Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
THE Oaks. 11» Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
A BRANCH offlc* for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky eta. Open till » p. m,
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions ha« been opened
at 12a Polk st.: open till » p. m.
A BRANCH of rice for Call advertisements and
eubscriptlons has been established at 10341 Va-
lencia st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and Horn*
Society hereby give notice that they have ad-
mitted Into th» orphanage from July 1. inf.
to December 3". H33. the following orphan*
and half-orphans, boys and girls: Abe Blalne
5 yrs. 4 mm j Earl' Marks. '< yr*. 3 mo*.:
Roaa Cohen. 9 yr*. 7 mo*.; Dora Cohen. 13
yrs. 4 mos.: Joseph Cohen. 11 yr*. 9 mo*.;
Marcus Bernstein. 9 ym. « mo*.: Jacob Bern-
stein. 7 yrs. 2 rnos. ; Ruth Lowen»teln. 3 yr*.
9 mo*.; Charles Hlrsch. 9 yr*. 10 mo*.; Albert
Hlrach. i yrs. 3 mos.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 313 Third.
MRS. DR. HOPKINS new dUeovery for rheu-
matism; also medicated bath* for alcoholism
and rheumatism. 1C35 Mkl. effice 7: l-i. 7-lt.
BAD tenant* ejected for 14; collection*, made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
41" M"ntr"rrerv >*.. r^cm- *-19: tel. K29.
SEWING MACHINES A^D SUPPLIF*.
$3 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold:
machine supplies. 143 Sixth; phone Mint 46.
ALL kinds bought. «r> I. exchanged, rented; re.
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions ha* been established at 1034 Va-
lencia st.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Ox
Offlce 401 Post «t.. t Pdw»l|' te|. Main sxjj
WATCH REPAIRING. ~
WATCHES cleaned 73c: guaranteed 3 years.
The Roy Jewelrr »■ ♦ <w»i»«; Cn *<l) gg W m ? .
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1450— LOT 26x123; cottage 5 rooms and bath:
street work done; easy terms.
t2200— 10x145*. fine cottage; 8 large rooms
and bath: worth tSSOO; only $100 cash balance
120 per month; great snap.
$3Coo— Lot 40xlM; Morton st.. between rail-
roads; near station and school; handsome, new
cottage of 7 rooms and bath; $*0O and 8:3 per
month. ' '/"'
$2250— Lot 35x150; 1-story house of • rooms and
bath: Alameda are., near Morton-st. station;
ea«y terms.
$3500— Lot 40*150: fine new t-ttory house, I
rooms and bath: Morton st . near stations and
schools; $500 cash, balance $30 per month
t3€oo— Lot 75x1.*.0: on main avenue; cottar*
I room* and bath: great bargain, houses to let
In all parts of Alarr.eda.
H. P. MOREAL A CO.
1433 Park St.. Alameda. Cal.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
TWO flats— lo rooms: modern: near station: I
minutes to University: price t2ROO: eaay terms.
FRFKSK & CODDINOTON. Berkeley Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
WILL sell quick for $42OoT~flne corner
residence: lot 45x175; 9 rooms; up to date.
E. E. BUNCE. 90$ Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR 9ALB.
AN Introduction to you from 11. Hhellhaaa. the
furniture dealer. 11th an<l FranVlln. Oakland.
DIVIDESND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Mutual" Savings Bank of
San Francisco. 33 Post st.— the half r*mr
ending December 31. 1839. a dividend has been
declared at the rate of three iJ> per cent per
annum on all deposits free of taxes, payable
on and after TUESDAY, January X, 1300.
• GEORGE A STORY. Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice-Dividend No. 100 (SOc per
share) of the Oceanic Steamship Company
will be payable at the office of the company.
No. -. Market st.. on and* after Tuesday
xt n H m IL 2 ' Transfer book, will close on
Wednesday, December 27, 1839. at 3 o'clock
P «• E. H. SHELDON. Secretary?^
SAN Francisco Savings Union. (33 California
st, corner Webb-Dlvldend Notlce-For the
ImS? r*f .t, ndl ?i wlth th- n « ot Member.
1S». a dividend has been declared at the rate
per annum of three and three-fourths «*4>
iTrhTs nt « 1", "™ •"■•»»••••> •n'l three and one-
eighth (3S.> per cent on ordinary deposit*
free of taxes, payable on and after Tuesday
January t, HO LOVBLI* WHITE. Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice— The German Pavings and
Loan Society. SM California st.-For the half
year ' nd i n ><c b * r 11. " M - a dividend ha.
been declared at the rate of four (4) per cent
Xi .X^ m , V" '* rrn «l'Poslts and three ani
one-third (3 1-3) per cent per annum on ordi-
nary deposits, free og tax^s. payable °° -a A
after Tuesday, January 2 1900 M
geo. T6URNT. SecretaryJLGGAL AIU LK|| M ; M |;ms.
i -n Hi
• l »7. a j
. jud«-
»
I
•■ ad-
■». atitl i
rt. i>«-
4 Ha : f
the b« art r. B ff raid ar P :icaVl?n PUc * fcr
pc %:; .urt. .hi. ftg»«giasja;
I'ltor - VI V " —
TNI.VKHSITY 1
• sssa
: .ni.i'.-» Vr!^ " <*ri*rnlcal
-
1 Maa-.:: «in . j>» n Kranctooo.
An<l notice is her. by further ctven that the
.',' • ' ■»*rt»«tl«ui of said bull"ln« have
»»en made «r.d adorted and are placed n the
jace of Curlrtt a.- McCaw, an hi ten ; rh,
Ir.n MUldin,. Ban Francl.^. wh^ 'the J.^;
?r^n mSS t nA '"^'"^ aurlnic eaoh day
rr^n ,S,°^ <> ' k *' m ' unul « "clock p. m.
■• oai« asrai tu* ... ; tecent-
the°Jn?« ZTZ T P*^" 1 * *■«» considered unless
!• a h"n«i ■°"' tnt * nl ' sl b >' • certlflea cherk
iurVti^T .."/ hl ." I : -.n«iß*l. *ith runcient
nt Is .r 1 :"" 3'3 '' I''"^1 ''"^ that if Kald bid or pro-
<3u?v en.Vr •^P»*J the party proposing will
♦.r* .. tw * n l" a «' r "J > ' r contract U> faithfully
*'C'J :" l "' l » "uty and ..bllcattrns In ao-ordan.-a
ri£» 2 frij|»#al and p!an and »;-ctnratlons.
Vb.rJ- f hall be and are herehy required to b«
rrjeot
i-j, *nd all bids is hereby rchtrv«-d.
•IAzT "? tlc * v lrtvrn pur»uajit to an act en-
1 An ' ct tr> am<:ni S an act entitled an
»ct to create and cruanlr.e th» T'niven>!tr of
« illfom'.a. approved March 2S. NH, and" an
*ct tm. ndatory of »e^tlon 2i thereof, approved
Wmr-h Si. ir-2. r.- ..:',■. t» the oonstructioa of
biM.ulac*. ax-pixn-ml March I. 3S?T.
Hjr order of the committee on grounds and
t'-.i'C'nrs of the Board of Hecenta.
Dated December 11. 1599.
C A. DRXICK& Chairman.
W. A. MrKOWrN. Actlnc R.-cretary.
III>S war.trd — Notice is hereby riven that
Haiefl rrcpocals will be received by the Board
cr Mtwiori cf the Veterans' Hcme of Call-
fTnia. ot Its office, room 11 220 - .ivime st..
Pah FrancUco. Cal.. up to :0:SO o'clock a. m .
£ ATVrtDAT. December TZ. HS9. and openea
Immediately thereafter In the presence of bid-
e'er*, for furn'.fhlnc and dellverinc cuarter-
n.«»ter ani comnils»ar>- suprlles for the Vet- !
<••■■■ Home. ;.a;>a f Bt) cal. (ral'road sta-
tion Tountx-llle). frr six months commenclnr
January 1. l<*Po. and ending June 20. 1900.
F'-r-e'lule* with information and instructions
f<r 'fubmitilr.* tilds will I* fumt«he,i up.»n
• T>Tl!c«tl«n ty the ur.dersirned. nidders will 1
«-.ri fully fr^ipw the conditions of the nched-
t!ei>. and tin Hd will be considered" unless it
5» 1n arcor>Sanc# w!t*i such schedules. Ea?h
f'C.r.rr n-.ust accempany h'.s Md with a certj-
fe-1 rheck upon »rm» Trell-Wnown «nd re-
1 ■'-.••'.:. barklnr hnure fcr at least 10 per
*-«-rU «-f the amount of his Md. payable to C. i
*'«*nn Kinr.e. treasurer, ccndltloned that th*
ti'dder will er.Jer Into a rood and valid con-
tract v:« r -'•■.-» r.t acceptance as required I
l.y law. The tmnrd rererv-ej the rieht to
T'-jert a«y cr all hldn and to order any ■uan-
t!tv nver or n«»<W rb* ntneimt Fperlfled
Addren J. 3 pr-ovil.T^K. Fecrotary hoard
«■' I'ir^ctors r.t th» Veterars* Hcme of Call-
f rr.la. mom ;S. 2?" 9irrni« ««.. Fan Fran-
e'Feo. Cbl. Hv rrf« r,t ♦».. n~«r4 of TMrec-
trr*. .t T crrtvTT T,<r <s^ rr *tßrT.
mai»k;aoe LICENSES.
Varriare Ileenw^ have \>r^r> Imrued n« fnlloxm-
Tr^.k Flr.hr rrA Myrtle Morrow 3-r»
W. A. E^clar.d and Mar>" H. fkellenc^r... 2T-22
A:a W. tiray and France* H. I>roejre 2fi-K
rivard J. Uoyd aa>l IVra ritsnipie 23-27
)?h-^v O. Hfllnni er.<l Meta F'-hrc»eder 2J-S2
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATBST~
rtrlb muTlnco nni '.-tv «"t'r« pent by
rra'l will nn» »># Inserted They mu»t b» handed '
In 1 at either of the tuhtlcatlon offices and be
indTwel with the nam* anJ rerlJenct» r,f r*r-
•jts authortr«-.j to have th» same j>ubllehed.
BORN.
rtACTCr-In th!s elty, l)w»ml»r t\ IR?3. to the
•ife of F. L. Unrke. a dirurhter.
BENSON— In thl» city. I>«r»nilN-r 7. 18i9. to the
*lf« of Anton F. Ues»on. a daurnter.
noypON— ln this ilty. December 21. lWfl. to the
nlfe cf <reor*e M. B>">}>on. a son.
IOHEItTT— Jn this c'.ty. Dearrr.ber 2«». ISM. to
the wife af John Doberty. a daujrfcter.
JH'IHES— In this city. !•-..:.. ;.. r 21. IW3. to
tS« wire of J. P. Hughes, a son.
KCLl.lKrt— ln Fan Rafael. IV-rerr.Srr 20. IK3I. to
the wifr of Henry C. Kelllng. a daughter.
LARKIN— In tMs city. L»ecember 21, 1f.4. to
the ulfe of William 11. I»iik!n. k .lnucht-r.
f~i "IV\ !>'l<l- In thin cltr. IVTemhc-r 12. W.\ to
Itie wU».- of Albert Sfhvv»lg. a Eon.
MARRIED.
nenDON-HAlli;— ln Oakland. Cal.. December
f\ IK*, by the Rev. llcrlxrt N". Hevler of i*an
lYacicnu-i'. <3*orfe A. Oord'W «>f Hanford,
''il.. *n4 Cnmi Klla Hare of Oakland.
I^IXVTD-riT^NnGLK—In th!^ city. Derrmber
21. nn. by the Itev. Dr. E. Nelander. Ed-
t-axJ J.. l^loyd cf San Franrisco and Dora
i'ittn-ifc-le of Wa».hinrt'»n. D. C.
BTORSTT— triIXOCK— Ia thi's city. : ember
;■ ■. ;>■.>. by the lt»v. F. A. I>.«ine. James H.
Honey and ilwa E. Wlllork. Urth of San
Franrisco.
DIED.
/pipw, n^hfrt Hasmusaon. John
<»s<r.a, lU'.j.h Rebcr. Jacob
< fTec. lii>lx-rt Klchmann. Henry
< •! ?r:t)»t. J»-:tnnette Uo«s. Annl*
Hurtrrsvo. Ilt-nry Suchontynski, Francis
Hatmca. Mary A. Fulllvan. : - Disk
IL.ue. Marcarvt Torron. Ole M
Kldd, Catherine Tlldrn. Evilly A.
i:iau>le. Adam Wall. Edward
Mai njr. Anr.a M. WUcoz. Silas
Jtm.i.y, h'ianon Woods, Hirrla
C t'..: Michael
AfIVETV— IfI this city. I»er»-mber 21. Ul>>. Rob-
ert A^-rieu. l>elovrd husljind of MarKaret As- ;
:■«. rtT.d father nt Inward. lU«bert. Wllllnm.
i' !!» aii-3 n^rt-nce Atlifw. Mrs. O. Cavers
«n4 Mrs. 11. Muore. a native of I*ortferrle,
<' r : • 1 1 y D.neral. Ireland, ac^d 71 years 11
n.ofitht at.a 27 Ja>s.
C7"Notlce v€ funt-ral hereafter.
Ci:si;NA— In South Saa l-Yandrco. December
V.. VC\ Ilalph Crsena. dearly beloved son of
Mlc»««-1 and Brudy Ccsena. and bruther of
'. i.h«-:. Edwurd. Freda. Liaura and George
'-•mm, a native cf Saa Fraaclsoo. aged & j
n.onths und S days.
C rKrienl* ar-d actual : ■•■• ■■ are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
cf his r>arentn. ttO Sixteenth avenue south.
'-•■.•!. San Francisco. Interment Holy Crocs
O»met*ry-
COFFEE— In F.tockton. December 20. 1599. Mr.
Ribert Coffee, a native of Massachusetts.
aced 78 years.
C7The funeral will take place this day
• Friday), at t o'clock, on arrival of Stockton
bo*t. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
COLOMBAT— In this city. December . .. i»».
Jetnnette Mar. only and beloved daughter of
Henry and Charlotte Colnmbat, a native of
Sun Francisco. e»«-S 1 year II months and t
dsjs.
C^Notlce of funeral hereafter.
HAI'.GRAVE— In this city. December 1». 1893. '
Henry Harjrrare father of Mrs. J. Bernlisrd ;
•nd Harr>' 8., Edmund J.. Albert E.. Ella 1
and the late W. J. Harrrav*. a nat: of .
England, ■red « years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect- ,
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
<Frtfifcy). at 10 o'clock, from S Twenty-
elgbth etrett. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme- ]
t»-rj*. o>' electric funeral car from Twenty- [
eithth and Guerrero rtreets. The remains 1
enn fc» ***n at the chapel of the Golden Out* I
T.'ndertnklng Cntnpany. 242S Mtui^n street, un- <
t'l Tbt:rrday (pveninir. December 21.
HOLMES— In this city. December 21. 1839. Mary ,
A. Holmes, a native of New Hampshire, ar«^l j
hi jears.
t^Frienfls and acquaintances are respect- I
fully invited to attend the funeral this day :
(IVlday). at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of |
the Golden Gate L'ndrrtaklr.ff Company. MM !
Ml*- »tr»-et. near Twenty-first.
HOWI>-ln this city. December M. ISM. Mar- I
garet, beloved v.-lfe of John Howe, and be-
lo\t««l nether of Mrs. G. Mclrancs end Oliver. I
Thotr.au. John. Nrrah. Marcart-t, Frank and 1
HfcNRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
<F.ucorr»or» M riarnajran A OslKfiir-).
rVKIIHAL DIIiECTORS AND EMUALMEO3.
Si Tint »t.. cpposlte L nc^la nthuol.
Ta4ef>bone Boa HO.
N. F. Dethlefsen. Chaa. H. Jacob.
) CIIAS. 11. JACOB & CO..
Fureral IHrectors and Embalniers. til
;.::.!• ii •tr^-et, between Oean' and o'Far-
rdl streits. Telephone. Main ITIX.
AIcMVOV at CO.. I
FUNEKAL DIRECIXJRB A. EMBALMERS. I
U3i Market «t.. between Bth and »th. >
Telephone Poulh .*'_ ...^^^^.f
i^r^? c Ho r^'- a native of County Donegal,
S n % ,"Ff d E7 ycan> * ninths and 2 days.
(!*ru!ndelr.hla varn-rti please copy.)
C^Frit-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(S-alurday). Nt »>:« o'clock, from her late
residence, U27 Church street, thence to St.
1 aui t church, where' a solemn r.-oul.-m high
mu.ps will be cc-lebrated for the repose of her
foul, commerjclns at I o'clock. Interment
Holy crofs Cemetery.
KIDD-ln this city. December 20. 1599. Cath-
erine, beloved wife of James A. K'dd. daugh-
ter of Catherine and the late Michael Culll-
*; an - »M sister of Un T. Pizrottl. Mrs. C.
A. Hi In. •• am and James. Michael. V: F. and
. '^''Cm. a native of San Francisco.
■*£i 5 yeari.. (Stockton papers please copy.)
TT <1 * and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
OrMay). ct 2 O'clock, from the parlors of
Mc<tlnn Hrr,6.. 31 Eddy street. Interment
I. A. O. F. Cemetery.
KLAVDE— In this city. December H 1599.
A.lum K'.au.Jr. a native of Germany, ared 7S
;e«r».
CrHemalna at the parlors of C^iarlea J. B.
M-txler & Co.. 636 Washington street.
MANNY— In this city. December 20. 1599, Anna
Maria Manny, beloved wife of the late Pinion
Munny, a native of Nufenen. Canton Grau-
bur.dcn. Switzerland, aced 77 years and t
months.
C . v lY'.en.l» and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 11 :M o'clock, from the parlors
r>f Charles J. B. Metzler. 635 Washlneton
•treet. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MANNY— In this city. December 20. 1809. Flmon
Manny, beloved husband of Anna Maria
I Manny, a native of Inter Fcrrera, Canton
Oraubunden. Switzerland, ared 77 years and
2 months.
£7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 11:50 o'clock, from the parlors
Of Charle* J. li. Metiler. 624 Washington
Mreet. Interment laurel Hill Cemetery.
J O'HI'LUVAN— In this city. December 21. IMS.
Mlchnil n. O' Sullivan, a native of Ireland,
ared f.6 years.
JT7"Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767
MisMcn Ftreet.
Ri;i:i:n-ln th!« city. December 19. IS??. Jacob
r.rber. beloved htuband of Mary Reber. and
father of Arthur. Charles. Franklin ami
«-*".>rße W. -Reber. a native of Indiana, aged
M years 7 months and 7 days. A member of
Liberty Post No. 133. G. A. R.. an . Seven
Pir.ro Clrcl- No. S. Lorties of the O. A. ft
CX Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral thin day
(Kriday). at 2 o'clrnk. from the funeral par-
lors o( Torter * White. 122 Eddy etreet. In-
terment National Cemetery-
I RAHMI'HSON- In thin city. December 20. IS3S,
Jihn. beloved husband of Emilia RaarauM «,
father cf Emilia and Rose Rasmusson. and
tiojihew cf Peter Itacmus^n of Panta Clara.
Cal.. a native of Norway, aced 41 years.
ITT" Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from his late rest-
d-nre, *£• Hnrri«nn j-treet. near Sixth. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery-
RICHMANN-In Santa Cruz. December IR. 1«99.
Hrnry. dearly belowd son of Henry and
Pertha Rtchmann. a native of Cincinnati.
Ohio, nred 24 years S months and in days.
KC'SS— In this city. December 21. ISS9. Annie,
beloved wife of James P. Roes, mother of
James. John and Gearce Ross, and elster of
Man' Macklln. a native of Dublin. Ireland.
C^FrlenJs ar.d acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Puturday). at !> 30 o'clock, fivm her late
residence. ICOS Turk street, thence to Holy
Cross Church, Kddy street, near Scott, where
a »•'.■■ requiem mas<" will be celebrated for
the rei-osc of her eoul. commcnclns at 10
o'clrxk. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SfCHOnZYNSKI-In this city. December M
IW. Francis, beloved husband of aeiajca
Huchoriynskl, a native of lrussia, aged 70
years.
I Et'LLIVAN— In this city. December 21. 1*99.
Jeremiah, husband of Nellie 1 1 van. a na-
tive of Callstoica. Cal.. u*e<l ;s y.>ars.
CTFrt< nds and acquaint ance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at fc:3>> o'clock, - m his late
re-ldence. l«lfi Vermont ptre«>t. thenc- to St.
Peter's ». hurch. where a requiem mut* will
l>e celebrated for the T(-%«jt-e tit his soul, at
f o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery.
CtHkland.
TILI<i:N— In »hi* city. December 21, IS??. Emily
A., beloved wife or 11. N. TlMen. and mother
of Heber C TUden. a native of . rthneld..
Vt., ared ESt years 8 months an" 6 days.
iNorthiield and Montiicller. VI.. pap-crs please
copy.)
' C -7" Notice of funeral hereafter.
TORSOX— In this city. December 19. 1*99. Ole
M. Tor^on. youngest s««n of O. C. and M. J.
Torson. a native of California, aced 21 years
and 5 months. (Nevada Oity papers please
ccpy.)
ITFriends and acqualntannes are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'cl<x-k, rrqm his Ute resi-
dence. 2H2 Santa flhra avenue. Alameda. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery.
WALI^— A folemn rt>qulem hitch mass for Kd-
wnrd Wall at the Church of the Immaculate
Conception. Oakland, this day (Friday), at
S o'clock.
WILOiX— In this city. Deoember 21. 1599. Silas
Wilcc.x. beloved husband of Eilzabeth Wll-
cox. and father r»f Emma, Katie. Lizzie.
Mary. Silas H. and 111 lam D. Wlloox. a
native of Colu:ul>us. Ohio, aged 75 years.
ITTNotiee r.t funeral hereafter.
WOODS— In this cttr. December 20, 1553, Harris
Wimxlb. beloved father of E>ther Levy. Mrs
Farah llji.t>. Mrs. L>eah Oleson. Gabriel.
l>njim!n and Henry W.mmls and Mrs. Gussle
Stewart, a native of Poland, aged »0 years
ar.d 9 months. A member of California l/«lse
Nn. 1, I. O. O. F.. and the Veteran Odd Fel-
lows.
[ TFr.rr.li and acquaintances are respect-
fully ln\tted to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from I. O. O. F. Hall.
Seventh and Market streets, under the aus-
pices of California Lodge No. 1. I. O. O. F.
Interment Home of : -v ' Cemetery', by 3:30
o'cl«>.-k train from Third and Townecnd
rtreets.
I ™ ~ ** — "* .■
A. Handsome Holiday Display
Water Sets, Liquor Sets, Claret Set*
Tea and Chocolate Sets, Salad Sets.
COME JUST TO LOOK
Great American Importing lea Co*
CHINAWARF- PALACES.
210-212 GRANT AYE..
Bet. butter and Post Sts.
861 MARKET, opp. Powell.
Branch Stores Everywhere.
HOTEL AURIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
R rv*ner * w Colu*a II Mutter, Qulncy
It D Bpencer. Chicago 'B H Cooper. i "hicago
W E <"lark. Amalla Mrs J It I^onmls Cal
E A Moody. Gold RunG L Davis. Medford
<l F Martin &w, Cal II (J Williams &w. Cul
J Seal** & w, Cal W Camtibell, Ls Ant
I Weaver *w iVI O II Stewart Stanford
D A I^e->nard. 1»a l'aloa .; W Kino, Cal
E E .jinn. Six.kiuie \V \V Wilson & w. Cal
A Cordiner, Arizona H A Blair. Cal
J Roach A we. Marion R Mlllc, Hanford
C L Weiss. Mare I- 1 O T Atwood. Stockton
A O Burnett. 8 Rosa jj W Caldwell .v w, Cal
CX M< Kenxie. Cal jR Ellnt Jr &. w Cal
W I Berry. Lindsay W Heyburjr. Cal
I. Ulackmcre it w, Pa 'A R Hopkins, Fresno
J I) Enright. !*ta Crui-TO Patton, Plaeervllle
J Morrison, Cal T E E&Mland. Denver
JI W Monnaitls Or C H Lausen. Chicago
W Flfher. Portland E J Hackett. N T
R C Hart. Portland D Hajii-.li, New Tork
H L Idleman. Portland ] M , m . N T
A M Williams Auburn! W \V Casey A w. Cal
D A Conoly. Keswlck c M Wardall. Stanford
W S Cole. Keswlck L Winhart. Stanford
B Soul*. Cal L M Hancock, Nev Cty
A G May. Portland H Heln. New Tork
0 E Williams. Uklah G H Golden A sn.Napa
O W Reynolds. Cal J c Clark. Fresno
A J Walsh. C)r> villa
PALACE HOTEL.
R W Anderson. Honc'.u T Wilson, Plttaburg
J E Kennane. Bay ("It. Miss Wilson. 't-iburg
II H Doeg. Stanford .(.' B Knapp. Pa
C M Pancin. Seattle .Mrs C B Knapp, Pa
Vde I'achmann, N V R DII Vroom. N T
P C Flßher Jr. N V I) Klcfer. ClnclnnaU
C X Oarey. Portland Mn» It Klefer. Cincinat
II S Johnson. N O 'Mrs L Strauss. Clncln
T T Lune. Redwood Major A W Jonea. Vie
Mrs T T Lane. Rodwrt Mrs A W Jones. Victor
J D Eherwood, Hpokan API! Hudson. Tacom
E W Runyan. R Bluff Mrs Dickson. Facto
,«!•• M Rowland. L A Sl'.rs C. -ma. L Ang
Miss (Julrado. L Ann II Mn?htma. Japan
|irK M .Lundborr. i'al C MeQuiston. lowa
C C Mclver. 8 Jose A Garcia. N V
A H May. Portland Mrs E F Simmon. Boat
\V I. Klrlch. Stanford Miss 1" M 81mmon. Boa
P A Alexander. NT II D Flagg. Boston
A A Alexander. NY 'C 8 Shamn. Oakland
D Malone. Oak Knoll IF F Combs, Sedalla
Mrs D MaJ-ne, Cal Mr- J A Lindsay. Cal
F E Keating, Pleosntn'J 8 T bin. 8 Mateo
R E Volfht. Cal i Mrs -T S Tobln. Cal
Mrs .T B Flrher. Vailei 8 Churchill. Napa
A asel, Paris Mrs E S Churchill. Cal
L Jouvand. N T I Miss Churchill. Napa
M Elsaaser. Mexico M Lang. X V
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
p L Fisher. AJameda H Vivien. Chicago
I) Carrera, San Jose F Adams A vr. f"ai
C Kohlcr Stockton A R Puds & fin. C»l
G Smith ;, , Anreles A P I^lncoln A w Ohio
F Charles, Gllroy J Martin. Walla Walla
M Rom Gilroy A C Orecla, Han Jose
A W Bowman. Oakdale J Rodman. Baltimore
A J Williams, Fresno E A Brown. Angela
II Molloy. Los Ang ' B Stein. San Dieao
A TelegTam Card.
T>* Austrian postofflce Is to try a "t«le-
Krarn card." on which a person writes a
mt-ERago and posts In the usual way, but
the pontofflce telecraphs the contents,
which are delivered -to the addrc&s by the
postman The plan Is a combination of
post and telegraph, and seems u»cful as
iiavir.K a cost and »peed Intermediate be
tween post and telegraph.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.. FRIDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1899.
FIRING FINAL SHOTS
IN BOND CAMPAIGN
Continued from Seventh Page.
line of Valencia and the cross streets, are
in hearty co-operation with the panhandle
proposition. At a meeting of the associa
tion last night President Fred L. Walbel.
who is one of the vice presidents of the
mass meeting held In Turn Verein Hall
on Wednesday evening, stated that as
progressive business men who were agi
tating the pavement of Valencia street,
they could not well afford to remain silent
on the bond is?ue.
The opening up of the Golden Gate pan
handle to Van Xtf.s avenue and the ex
tension of the two wings leading north
: and couth was a move in the direction
of progress, and the Mission Association
of Merchants, who favored tin: repave
ment of Valencia street from Market to
nty-eixih. could not well afford to op
pose it.
Eugene McCoy, one of the most active
. members of the association, coincided
with the views of the president, and stat
ed on behalf of the Mission Business
Men's Association that all the members
had plt-dgtd their united support for all
th>- bond lasaea. Secretary Harrison's
, views wcrt In full accord with those of
the speakers, as by the issuing of bonds
, for improvements Valencia and the other
streetE in the Mission were bound to he
taken notice of. The position which Va
lencia street occupied on the map of San
Francisco, together with Its Importance
as the only leading outlet from the prin
cipal center of the city into San Mateo
County, would of itself force the im
provement so much sought for by the
nu-rchants and property owners, not to
mention the thousands of persons who
monthly travel over that thoroughfare.
Other members of the association spoke
i of the justice, of giving to the Mission
I the two cemetery lots asked for as a park
for the people residing In that portion of
the city. The Dolores boulevard, as pro
posed, was a necessity in itself for the
accommodation of the people who owned
■ buggies and bicycles, as It would lead
directly Into the greater park by toe pro
posed panhandle.
It was ftnally decided to support the
bond issues for all that is contained In
the call for the two elections as measures
of progress and improvements.
Listened Whi c They Ate.
Hundreds of workingmen on the water
i front with lunches in hand gathered
around the impromptu platform from
i which Mayor Phelan spoke during the
I noon hour yesterday. His first speech was
delivered from a case of goods at the Hall
1 dock; his second from a lumber pile on
the transport dock. A band wagon en
livened the proceedings and proved a
great success la attracting crowds at both
places.
The Mayor said that to the workingmen
there can be but one view taken of tho
bond question.
"Surely by this time," said he, "It must
be clear to all that there is no Jobbery
about this attempt to improve our city.
fc'ome ill-ad\ised talkers have said that
i we are playing a confidence game by cay
! ing that these . ■ mi.- will give work to the
laboring in.tf-.~ea. and they dt-ny our
claims that the- expenditure of Jll.'XW.ooO
will be a direct and lasting benefit to the
individual and to the community. Now.
If this be so, where Is the money going
that will be raised by bonds! Is the new
charter such a piece of folly that it will
permit our new city government to steal
and waste tho people's money, as in the
time that has passed? Then what? Every
dollar will stay right here and go into
j your pockets. Twelve of the fifteen men
who made your new charter declare that
the proper thing for us to do at this time
ls to vote to Issue air the bonds. The «if
i fair is all open and above board; there is
Ino secrecy about it. You can all Investi
gate it. and from what I have seen during
| my experience of public life I can truly
] Fay that the rkingmen of this city as a
rule vote with more discrimination than
any other class. I could seek easier tasks
! than to try to emm a fallacy down the
FOUND NO SEPULCHER.
Body of a Dead Woman Neglected by
Her Husband.
OAKMNIi. Dec. 21.— A1l day lonj? the
body Of a woman hue remained In a cotlln
nn a truck at Slx'eenth-street station.
Oakland, and no effort upon the part of
the Coroner has availed In locatlnK l- P.
Fifcher. the man who shipped the body,
but who has fuilc-d to make proper ar
rangements for its disposition upon Its
arrival at Oakland. The body is that of
Mrs. Ella P. Fisher, th. wife of the man
who shipped the body. Fi«h«r arrived on
the Ortuon overland this morning with
the body of his «rtf« shipped as baggage
and checks Just as he would have
checked a trunk.
When Fisher arrived at the station he
gave the check lor the coffin to the Peo
ple's Express Company of Oakland, with
instructions to take the article called for
by the check to Mountain View Cemetery.
The express company thought that it iras
an ordinary trunk, coming as baggage,
and they took the check, while Fisher
went to Oakland. When the express com
pany found that there was a- body in the
oiilin they refused to handle it at all and
left it with the^station master. Ho also
refused to handle it. and left It on the
truck on the station platform. There it
remained all day and into the night. Cor
oner Mehrmann was notllk-d, but he re
fubed to do anything until to-morrow
morning. Efforts were made to find j
Fisher, but these were unavailing, and
the station agent at Sixteenth street is
afraid that he will have to face ghosts
during the night.
At Mountain View Cemetery a grave,
had been prepared for the reception of a
body to-day, but the necessary permits
had not been secured, and the cemetery
auihoritles n-fu.sed to give any further in
formation. Meanwhile the body is still at
the ruilroud station.
'tor William A. <"l;irk of Montana
Ijuil to borrow monej rts;ht and left t<>
bu: t he ground for bis first copper mine
and everybody predicted tatter failure,
most experts Baying the place w.is worth
less. .\fr. tiaik w<-nt anead and in the
first two years turned out - - >un<lH
of copper, • id iuid the
foundation of I iHrtune.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
City and County of San Francisco to Rich-
I arU F. Flaherty, lot on S line of McAllister
street. 119 E of Polk. ■ M by 8 110; .
Isaac A. Goldman to Henry F. Hlanchet Jr.,
! lot on S line of Chestnut street, 64:9 E of Polk.
E CS:9 by 6 137 110.
Margaret A. Me« to Herbert C. Moffltt, lot on
' N line of Broadway, 137:8 E of Octavia, E 45
by N 1S3:«: *10.
Estate of Mary A. Smith (by executor) to
Ernest A. Buchse. lot on N line of Geary street,
159:5 ■ of Lagunu, E 61 :S by N 120; t')000.
Laura B. Ho« to. Harry W. Goodall lot on N
line of Washington street, 150 \\ of Locust, W
26 by n -: ■ .. 110.
Charles R. and Marie J. Gogan to same,
sain*-. $10.
City and County of Ban Francisco to Joseph
A. Oliver, lot on S line of Dorland street, 225
E of Sanchez, E 141, S 115:1 to Ban kCUual
Rancho. W to land of Agnes Whelan, N Ml;
Same to Georg* W. Mitchell (administrator of
the estate of Richard W. Mitchell), lot on W
line of Alabama, street. 165 8 of Twenty-sec
ond. S 22 by W 100: .
Patrick Flood to John Burns, same; $10.
Ellen Kearney to Annie I* Knowles, lot on
N line of Clipper street. 203:7 W of Sanches,
\v 25:11 by N 114: also lot on W line of Ohio
street. VJ) S of Marln, S 10 by W 100; also lot
on W line of Chenery street, 104 S of Randall,
W 13?. S 10. E 123. NE C 3, block 19, Falrmount;
j 110.
j Jam's and Hannah Griffiths to Nathaniel
Griffiths, lot en 8 line of liver street. 210
SW of Third.- SW ii, bySE 80; gift. • . ■ •
London and San Francisco Bank (Limited)
! to Albert Knlerr. lot on SW line of First ave
nue IN SE of P street. SE 50 by SW 200. block
2S, Tide Lands; $10.
Roman Catholic Archbishop of Son Fran
cisco (a corporation sole) (by John J. Preader
gast. attorney) to E. L. Hays, lot on NX line
of Francis street, 423 XW of Mission. NW 00
by XE 100. block 6. Academy Tract; »gw.
J. D. and Mary V. H<-*k,'3 to J. A. Burden, lot
commencing 200 E from Otage and Eleventh
avenues, W 125 by 8 100, bleu* 231, South San
Francisco Homestead and Railroad Associa
: tion; $200.
Edward Baker. Fred E. and Ida Wallace to
Joseph G&illard, lot on E line of Ellsworth
i street, 75 N of Powhattan. N CO. E 140, & 2s.
; w 70, & 25. W 70. lots &;s to s7B,<Girt Map J:
no. . . •
i Joseph Galllard and Edward Baker to Fred
' E. Wallace, lot on NE corner of Powhattan
and Ellsworth streets. N 75 by E 75, lota 880.
bo] and ($4. same; $10.
Joseph Galllard. Fred E. an] Ida Wallace to
Edward Baker, lot on W line of Gates (Selgel)
street, 25 N of Powhattan. N 76 by W 70. lot*
87). ESI and SSB, same; $10.
I John W. (or Johannes \V., or Johannei> and
throats of the audience that I am now
facing:. ...
"The difficulty of the opponents of this
measure is that they will not take the
trouble to investigate the facts,. but de
clare that what was good enough for the
last generation is good enough for this,
and you cannot drive anything more rea-»
sonable Into their heads. The same men
would prefer a stage road to a Pullman,
a barn to a comfortable bouse, bare walls
to pictures-, rags to decent clothes and so
on. :-r.il tin V. where would labor go and
what prospect would there he for a work
tiifrman to earn decent wages and have
what is his right— a happy home. Sllurl
anlsm Is of the time when education and
comfort were for the rich alone, and when
the man of toll was contemptuously re
ferred to as a poor man. We di not live
In those times, thank God, but we live In
an age of progress, and one of the re
sponsibilities that comes with this privi
lege i* to beautify and make healthful
our homes and to make our children inde
pendent by giving them propoi- education.
To do this is the only reason why you
should vote for all the bonds."
At the conclusion of his speeches the
Mayor was loudly cheered
♦
Theatrical Men's Enterprise.
The following correspondence Is aelf-
explanatory:
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 20. 1898.
Rolla V. Watt. Chairman Executive Com
mittee of Public Improvement Central
Clubs— Dear Mr. Watt: Desiring to con
tribute in some way and to nsslut in the*
cami«;«lgn of education In be-half of the
bond electlcns to be held on the 27th and
tttb inst. for the acquisition of lands for
the Park Panhandle, and also for the con
struction of public school buildings, sewers
and a new City and County Hospital, we
take pleasure in Informing you that we have
arranged for a series of atereoptlcon views,
which will be presented at the California
Theater on the evening of Tuesday, De
cember 26. at the performance of "Cum
berland "61," by the Ifrawley Company, and
we herewith tender your association the tree
use of all the private boxes and loKes in
the theater lor that night. Very truly,
S. H. FRIEDLANDER & CO.
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 21. 1999.
Messrs: S. H. rriedlaader & C 0... Califor
nia Theater. City— Gentlemen: Your com
munication of the 20th InFt. indicating your
Interest In the success of the bond elections
to be held on th» nth and 2»th of this
month, an notifying this committee of
your intention to give a series of Meroptl
con views Illustrating the proposed improve
ments at your theater on the evening of
Tuesday. December 26. and offering this
committee the free use of all the private
boxes and loges la the theater for that
night, ha? been dnly received. I am di
rected by the executive committee to thank
you for your kind proposal anil to say that
they greatly appreciate your Interest in
the matter In hand and approve your plan
for Illustrating the Improvements by ■r.
pptlcon views. The committee will utilize,
the boxes and lo«es kindly tendered by you
for the entertainment of the outgoing and
Incoming I 1I 1 iris of Supervisors, for his
Honor the Mayor, and 'for such other of
the old and new city officials as can be
accommodated. The several improvement
clubs of the city will be Immediately noti
fied of your plans. Again thanking you
for this evidence of your good will, we are,
very truly yours.
EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE.
Public Improvements. Central Club.
ROLLA V. WATT. Chairman.
OUST A V SEHNEE. Secretary.
I*uit<!irii> Tr.idcs Indorse Bonds.
The RiiiMinpr Trades Council passed the
following resolution last nlpht:
Whereas, The Building Trades Council
and the members of (he unions, affiliated
with it. have expressed their approval of,
and have signified their Intention to support
the bund issues at the elections to be held
on Decemb«r 27 and 29; and. whereas. It
ls necessary that those who are engaged in
the various trades upon tbe said auction
days should have reasonable time In which
to cast their votes; therefore be It
Resolved. Ti<t the contractors and build
era and all other employers of labor be
and they are hereby respectfully requested
to grant to their employes an opportunity
to cast their votes In (avor of the »ald Is
sues. P. 11. MCCARTHY, President.
W. M. PAGE, Secretary.
I Louisa E. Mau to Hermann Foesten, lot on
NE corner of Railroad and Thirty-second aye
! nues. N 25:115. E 94:1! i, S 15. \V 87:1, block
110. Bay Park Homestead; $10.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to John
J. Taylor, lot J. plats U and 20. Garden Plat
lion; $200.
EraMt A. and Ella Buchse to Alma M. Reek
eart (wife of F. C). lot on N line of Geary
street. 150:5 E of Lcjcuna, E 25:10 by N 110; $10.
Same to Katliarina Nicolat. lot on N line of
Geary strett. 206:3 X of Laguna, X 2S:10 by N
120: sl<».
Johann and Ellce C. Broeske. C. B. Ftone.
Isaac Levlngton or Livingston (by S. M. Sam
t*r. commissioner) to Itlchard H. Morrison.
George Costello and Charles O. Gebhardt (exec
utors estate of Jonathan L. White), lot on B
i line of McAllister street. M E of BUlncr, B M
by 9 112:6: $9fl^o.
Theresa E. N>lson to Angelica Ralston, lot on
W line of Pierce street. 45:6 X of Pin*. N 23 by
"W 87:6: $10.
Ely I. and Helen J. Hutchlnson to Joseph M.
FurrT. lot on t'-'-'. corner of Thirteenth and Jes
sie «-tr»-Pts. E S»:i by S «*:4: $10.
William E. and Km ma Nelson to John Peter*.
lot ».n NW corner of Castro and Fifteenth
street*. N C 5 by W ISO; $1".
Simon Manny to Anna M. Manny, lot on W
line of Vurennes street, 127:'". N of Union. N M
by W CO; gift.
John H. Durst to George Asmussen. lot on W
! line of Powell street. 75 8 of tatter, S 10:10 by
\V 100; $350.
Hose Hunter to James H. Pooler, lot on X
line of Illbert «treat. 42:6 E of Jones, E 20 by
N 120; th.
' Joseph Jost to Ruth A. JoFt. lot on 8 line of
Clement str«^t. 32:6 W of Twenty-fourth ave
1 nue, W "U by - 100; (rift.
j John A. «'ralg to Lloyd S. ' "utta, lot en W line
! of Walnut street. 325 S of Central. S 20 by W
100. lot 42, Mock is, City I^and Aaaoctattan; $60.
; Solomon and Dora Getx to Louise E. Proll,
lot on 8 line of Minerva street. 125 E of Capi
tol. E 25 by 3 125, block P. Railroad Home
et*3ad; $10.
Alameda County.
Mutual Investment Union (corporation) of
Pnn Francisco to Realty Syndicate (corporation)
of Sun Francisco. j>lnt D, Ton-.pklns Terrace;
also lot on NE corner of Broadway and Mather
street. NE 437:8. SE 207:9. S\V 320:11 to Mather
street, thence SW 125 anil (in a curve to the
right of 14f. fwl radius 102:11, and on a curve to
the right of 250 feet radius 177:3. and NW 81:7
to beginning being plp-t r. .' napkin* Terrace;,
aluo lot BE corner Broadway and Mather. SE
fcl:7 and on a curve to the left of 310 f<-et ra
dius 220, and on a curve to the left of 205 feet
radius 145:6, and NE 135, thence on a curve to
the right of 92:8 radius. 184:1 to a point on W
line of Gilbert street, thence SW 6T.0. NW MO.
NW M:6, SW 457 l'» to N line of Frederick
I street, thence on a curve to the right of 257 feet
i radius 78:8%. and NW 122:6 to Broadway, thence
NE 7C9-.7H to beginning, being plats O. H and
J, Tompklns Terrace; also lot on KB corner of
Broadway and Booth street, NE 600 to B line of
i Frederick street, 8E 122:6, and on a curve to
J the left of 317 feet radius 3«9:1«, thence on a
curve to the right of 25 feet radius 72:8 to a
' point on W line of Gilbert street, thenoe SW ,
70G:4«» to N line of Booth street, thence NW
406:2 to beginning, being plats X and L.
Tompklns Terrace; also plat I. same; also plat I
E. same; also excepting lot on NW corner of I
Gilbert and Frederick streets. NE 313.80. NW j
! 200. SW 614.10 to N line of Frederick street, '
thence following Frederick street In an easterly
direction on or along following curves: First.
on a curve to the left, the radius of which Is
2i5.12 feet, a distance of 170.44 feet, thence on a
curve to the right, the radius of which is 160.06
: feet, a distance of 123.05 feet, and thence on a
curve to the left, the radius of which Is 75.28
feet, a distance of 76.90 feet to beginning, being
portion of plats I and O, -Tompklns Terrace; j
1 ali«o excepting lot on X lln* of New Broadway,
NE 217 SO distant from N line of Booth street,
I thence NE 283.20 feet to 8 line of Frederick
street, thence SE 122. thence on a curve to
• the left, the radius of which Is 818.12 feet, a
j distance of 85.61 feet, thence SW 233.90 to be
: ginning, containing 1.344 acres, and being por
; tion of plats X and L. Tompktns Terrace; also
excepting lot on NW corner of Booth and Gil
bert streets, N 152:6, W 112:6. S 160. E 100 to be
ginning, being portion of plat X, same; also ex- 1
cepting . that portion of plat K. conveyed to
people of State of California. March 6, 18*6. and
recorded In 290 d. 465, subject to mortgage
Oakland: $10.
Wlllamlna and Alanson C. Vanhouse to Jane !
' Brown, lot' on N line of Thirty-sixth street
I 213.N> I of West. E 26, M 174.40. W 25 »S.
8 171. to beginning, being lot 23. block A,
Major Given Tract. Oakland; $10.
Orln B. and Bertha Frisble (by C. E. Frisbie
attorney) to Fred A. Whlttier, lots D and 10*
block G. Knowlet and Potter Subdivision, Ken
nedy Tract. Van Ol Mandj $10.
Frances M. Hebrr.an to John 8. Lound lot 49 '
Map of White House Plat. Oakland; $10 '
Charles L Agler and Henry T. Atkinson to
Robert P. Toons, undivided one-third interest In
lot on SW corner of Fourth and" Wnehlncton
streets. W 76 by S 100, being lots 15 to 18 block
29. Oakland; $10. - .< '
Union Pavings Bank (corporation) to Realty
Syndicate (corporation), lot 15 and N 20 feet lot
14. block A. Stanford Tract, quitclaim deed
Oakland; $10. i . • • - . . ' .
Inge C. and H. V. Monwen to Nettle C AbeS '■
nethy, lot on 6 line of Walton or Thirty-fifth
street, Wl:ll E of San Pablo avenue F £«•« «»
141.-OH. W M:8, N 140:10 to beginning, •being'
lot 16 and 2:8 feet adjacent E to lot 16. Cotter
Tract. Oakland; JlO. . cotter ,
C. L. Whitney to R. E. Ragland.' lota I and 1
block 466. Gibbons Subdivision, quitclaim deed'
Oakland; $10.
Herman & Ella Murphy to Mary B. Smith j
(wife of Lewis A.), lot on W line of Louise
street. 275 N of B. N 26 by TV IX3. being rabdl
vision I). In lot 10. block 799. Wain Tract Map
2. Oakland; $1".
Any and F. S. Sanford to R. W. Klnriey. lot
64. Alvin Tract. Brooklyn Township: HO.
R. TV. and Jennie L. Klnney to James Ran
kln-and- Henry Mohr, came, Brooklyn Town
ship; no.
Joseph and Juana H. Nevlg to Manuel S
Abera, lot on \V line of Harrison avenue. 900
S of Angela street, thence from point of be
jrlnninc W 160 by 8 5". brtng lot 63. Nevis Tract.
Murray Township; $10.
Frank B. Costa to Manuel B. Costa, all Inter
est In estate of Jose B. Costa, deceased; $500.
Sarah C. Vagg to William S. ICC. all inter
est In lot* 1 and 4. block A-274. Oakland Point
Homestead, Oakland! also all interest in lot.-*
18 anil 19, block G. Crawford Tract. Oakland:
also all Interest In lot 33. block C. Parson"
Golden Gate Tract. Oakland; %\.
Sophia Williams to Mary E. Tuck (wife of
John W.), lot on 8 line of Seventeenth »tre»t.
90 E of W>«t street, S 103:9 by E 25, quitclaim
deed, Oakland: P.
: Margaret Mutgrave to same. Fame; gift.
Frank E. Crew to Ob B. Stnrtevant. all inter
est In 2.21 acres purchased from one O'Connell
in the year ISS7, Oakland (quitclaim deed); 15.
Ellen QuiKiey to Catherine M. Qulgley. lot on
E line of Filbert street, 219 S of West Third.
S 25. E 9T.r. E Zs:i'i. W 101:5 to beginning,
being lot 17, block 441. us per Kurvey No. fcs2
made by J. J. Arnold. Oakland; $10.
Christian Mich- to Mary K. Michel, lot on
NE line of East Eighth street. 100 SE of Eighth
avenue, SE 25 by N\V 150, being lot 6. block IC7
Clinton. East Oakland: Rift.
William and Josephine Joerndt to Sarah Mr
Thrasher, rerecord 655 d. 471. lot on X line of
Folsom street or Virginia. IS6 W of Chestnut. TV
50 by S ISS. being portion of block 10, Curtis
Tract. Berkeley; |10.
* Mamie A. Grimm to Louis Titus, lot on E
line of Park street. 307:8 N of Biin Jose ave
nue, N 100 by E 126:10 H. being lots C and D,
block 11, Alamc2a Park Homestead, Alameda;
I4COO.
Cosmopolitan Mutual Building and Loan
Association to James L. Hoover, lot on NX
line of Putnam street, 100* NW of Tevis. NW
25 by KB IK, being the BE 2- . feet of lot 8.
block 770, Levy, Lane & Sather Tract, Brook
lyn Township: 310.
Nathaniel Johnson to Sophia Coates, lot be
ginning at center of private road or right-of
way referred to in Report of Commissioner on
map in action for partition in suit of I. .7.
Havalson vs. M. A. Renwlck et at., distant
37.42 chains on a course NIC from NE line of
main county road, Oakland to San Leandro.
thence NE 1.83 chains, Si: 10.12% chain*. SW
I.W chain*. NW 10.124 r-hnlns to beginning,
Brooklyn Township; also lot 15, block IS, Fitch
burg Homestead, being a rerubdlvislon of
townslte of Fltchburc. Brooklyn Township;
also lot 7, Portland Park, t..lnc; a subdivision
of lot it, Klngsland Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship: 110.
Sophia Coatei to Charles Seltz, lot beginning
at center of private road or rlght-of-w^y
referred to in Report of Commissioner on map
In action for partition In suit of L. J. Havalsun
vs. M. A. Renwlck et al.. distant 37.42 chains
on a course NE from NE line main county
road. Oakland to San Leaner", thence NE I.M
chains. si: 10.13 chains. . \v 1.83 chalnn. NW
10.13 chains to point of beginning. Brooklyn
Township; $10.
C. W. Tyler and Abble L. C. Tyler (wife of
Wnrren Tyler) to Frederick Ham matin. lot on
8 line of Railroad arena*. 250 TV. of Walnut
street. TV 103 by S 207:8. Alaroeda; $10.
Florence T. and Theodore Pavnpe to W. F.
Rudolph, lot on N line of Ninth street, former
ly Taylor. 130 TV of Campbell, W 60 by N 1 v,
block 700. Oakland: 13000.
B4car B. and Eliza Clark to N. Gertrude
Brown, lot on NE corner of Hartposa and
Mii'all streets, X H lv X 116:6. being lot 26.
block A, Hrumaglm Tract, Oakland; $10.
West Oakland Mutual Loan Association to
Ruth A. Boyd. lpt on N line of Loiter avenue.
543.4? W of Newton, X 164:2. W .«, B I* I *:*. E
M, to point of beginning, belnc lot 4, block E;
Peralta HeU-hts. Fast Oakland; 110.
Mercy T. Klrohall to William J. Robinson. lot
on W lino • f Ellin street. M * 8 of Falrvlew. S
100:« by W !-•'■. t^-irnr lot M and X 2V3 feet of lot
17 Repent-street Homestead. Berkeley; Rift.
H«-nry and Angelica Ralston to Therese E.
Nelson "lot on s line of Wool»ey street. 200 E of
CalaU. E 50 by S li".. belnc lot 17. block K.
Harmon Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Mary •-• I'ullen to Max Bbrnfeldt. re-rpcord
71S d. 643. lot on NW lln* of Jarkson avenue,
IS SW from BW line of county road from Oak
land to San Lean'lro. PW 57. W. NW 111, NE
25.:.4. E 119.47 to twElnnin*. bo.lnK lot 6. !■:- h
■" Huntlnrton Tract, Brooklyn Township: |10.
Clarence D. anJ <iraoe L. Vincent to Mary
Trirr. lot on X line of TMmond avenue. 67& N
of Horkinn street. N EO by E lift, belns lot 33.
block H, Dimond Tract. Brooklyn Township;
tlO.
Bernard Schmaltz to same, lot on E line of
Dlmoni street. 723 N of Hopkins. N SO by E HI,
betnp lot 32. block B,' Dimond Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
l)elos and Harriet A. Pratt to Thomas R.
Dunn, lot 5. block 1. Revl»ed Map Eden Park,
Brooklyn Ti>wn*hlr: JlO.
Joseph and ll»rrt«t W>«tall to Qeorce E.
•Whltaker. lets 21 to 24. block B. Westall Tract,
Brooklyn Township: V -
K. B. Pond and 11. C. Campbell (tnistoes for
Frank L. Hathom) to San Francisco SavlnßS
ITnlon, COS d. 313 lot on W line of Mlnturn
ftr^ct, 123 S of Bas^e avenue. S 50 by W 10$;
lots 14 and 15, block 51. on Map of Rrsuhdivl
tloi. of blo<ik IC . and i>ortlon of block 'l Town
of Eir-inal. Alnme«!a (tniffcs 1 fleod>: SiriOO.
E. B. E»ond and H. C. Campbell (tn:«te*-s for
Bernhard .1. Tried I to s.inio, 556 d. 113. lot on
S line of Rallror.d aven»i<». 100 E of Seventh
street rrlor to widening, thence E 915:10 by S
200, portion of Aughtnbauch 223-acre tract, Ala
meda (trustees" dr<vi); $isco.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued From Page 10.
ARRIVED.
Thursday. December 21.
Rchr Nettle Low, I<»w. C hours from Point
R«yes.
BAILED.
Thursday. December 21.
Ptmr Grace Dollar, Fosen. Grays Harbor.
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Dec 19— Hr etmr Em
press of China, from Vancouver.
Palled Nov 29 — JaD stmr Nanyo Maru. for
Oregon. Dec — Jap ftmr Ron(kon|| Maru, for
San Francisco, via Honolulu.
HONGKONG— Balled Doc 20— Br stmr Bm
preFß of Japan, for Vancouver.
MANlLA— Arrived Dec 21— Br rtmr Benmohr.
hence Nov 16: stmr Senator, hence Nov 16.
Dec 20— Br bark Anccnls. from Newcastle. Aba,
MAZATLAN— In port Dec IS— G«?r bark Wei
var. and Ocr bark Callao, the first loading and
the latter irglng.
SANTA ROSALlA— Arrived N v 18— Br shir
Isle of Arran. from Hnmburg; will probably
\# discharged about Jnn 1. l*>oO. Dec 7— Br ship
Thornllebank, from Cardiff.
In nort Dec 16— Bark I D Peters, chartered
to make two trips to Guayman and return; ship
Sen-la.
GUAYMAS— In mrt Dec 17— Pchr Dauntless,
from Grays Harbor. . .
OCEAN PTEAMERS.
AMSTERDAM-Palled Dec 21— Stmr Werken
dam. for New York. ■ , •
HONGKONG— SaiIed Dec 20— Stmr Empress
of Japan, for Vancouver.
QITEENPTOWV-Paalled Dec Btmr Ger
manic, for Ntm Yorlt.
NEW YORK— Sailed D*>e 21— Ptmr L'Aqul
talne. for Havre; Btmr State of Nebraska, for
O!n»grow.
GENOA— Arrlve.l Dec 21— Stmr Autruste Vlc
torln. from New York, via Naples.
BOSTON— Arrived Deo 21— Stmr Utonla. from
Liverpool.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
FTW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LON'DO.I. PARI\
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
Frcm New York Every Wednesday. 19 a. m.
St. Paul Dec. 27' St. Paul Jan. 17
New York. Jan. 3 New York Jan. 24
St. Louis Jan. 10 St. Louis Jan. 31
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, II noon.
Routhwark Dec 20 Nnordland Jan. 10
Westernland ...Dec. 27 Aragonla. Jan. 17
Kensington .....Jan. SlFrlesland .......Jan. 24
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael, Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
SO Montgomery St., or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
C ncr of First and Brannan streets. 1 p. in.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of calling.
AMERICA MARU Thursday. D«->. 21
HONGKONG MARU..... Tuesday. Jan. \i
NIPPON MARU Friday. Feb. 9
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at ■ reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, comer First.
W. H. A VERY. General Agent.
f9£C> 301 S. 8. Maripess, sails
tV \ Wdlfinll v 1» Honolulu and
I i*« I Auckland for Sydney
m^TZsWtl —^ ■ Wednesday, Dec. 27.
GiSV A '«t 8 p. m. . •
nVriTRShID'-' Tn ' 6 - 8 - ■ Au»tralla
SgKdF Cyij^l •'J'"K ■ tails for Honolulu
—^ — VYiMf^uitq 1900. at 2 p. m.
Favorite Lln» Round the World via Hawaii
Samoa, New Zealand. Australia. India. Suet
England, etc.; $510 ' first class.
1. D. Sf jKtCKtLS at dftOa.CO., mq'.s.. Jl«Montqontcn
Pter 7, Foot Pacific St Freight 0tf1c;.327 Market St
KOBMOS LINE
S. S. TANIS, 5000 TONS.
Saturday, December 23.
For Valparaiso and Hamburg, calling at
Mexican. . Central and South American ports
etc.. carry fln"t-claes and steerage passen-
gers. J. D. BPRECKEI.S & BROS CO..
Agents, 114 Montgomery street. ■
Pier 7 Foot Pacific street. Freight Office.
, 127 Market street. . .'
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
— of. THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
FIREMAN'S FUND
INSURANCE COMPANY .
Or BAN FRANCISCO. IN THE STATE OF
California, on the 31st day of December. .
A. D. HM, and for th- year ending on that
day, aa made to the Insurance Commissioner
cf the Btate or California, pursuant to the
provisions of Bectlunn (10 and 611 of the Po-
litical Code, condensed a* per blank furnished
by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cksh ...* .31.000.000 00
ABSETS. '
Real Estate owned by Company.... 1431.700 00
Loans on Ltondn and Mortgages 423.727 07
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company 2.071.405 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Blocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral.... 251. 2*7 M
Cash in Company's Office 12.374 10
Cash In Ranks 210.726
Interest due and . accrued on Col-
lateral Leaaa 833 73
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 7,701 It
Prcmluma In due Course of Colleo-
tlon 822.51? It
Warrants - 8,630 93
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already, paid... 2.173 M
Total Assets ..11.90f..24< 4}
LIABILITIES ■
Losses adjusted ><:..: unpaid 838,807 »1
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 119.087 »
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. a, US 00
Gro«* premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, 3332.110 87;
re-Insurance M per cent 4M.056 43
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning moro than one year. $1,328,-
42S 50; re-insurance pro rata 723,804 65
GrofA premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $ ; re- Insurance 60
per cent 99.927 47
Total Liabilities A... t1.44«.307 U
INCOME. ~ ~~~
Net Cash actually received for Flr«
premiums J1.453.642 39
Net Cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums 411.903 43
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages ....' 17.745 27
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Btocks, Loans, and from
all other sources .' 112.M1 It
Received for Rents 24.715 33
Total Income ..82.067.5W S3
EXPENDITURES. • '
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $ losses of pre-
vious yean) : 1319,0:8 93
Net amount paid for Marine losses
(Including $ losses of pre-
vious years) ; M7.32S 29 -
Dividends to Bl tckholdera 110.000 00
l'ald or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 213,731 08
Paid for Salaries,' Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 211 9U 37
Paid for Etate. National, and local
taxes , 43 ir.« 20
All other payments and expenditures 1*1.104 72
Total Expenditures .J|1.907..-.M 63
Fire. ~~ Marine
Lorses Incurred during
the year 83ZU03 S3 1279.175 48
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums
Net amount of Risks
written during the
..yar •• t1M.035,313 $1.102. 91
Net amount of Rt»kit
expired during the
>«"■ ;•••• 155.089.909 M 44.812
Net amount In force
December 81. W9«i... 1M.533.232 2.2W.557 37
Marine '
R!»ks and Premiums. Risks. Premiums. ;
Net amount of Rinks
written during the
year J103.J24.578 JSIS.SIS S3
Net (.mount of Risks
expired during the
rm* 100.423.454 725.94* 9*
Net •mint In force
Deceir.bor 31. I">S 6.944.MS T"".?sa 4B
__, D. J. STAPLES. President.
BERNARD FAYMONVILLE. Secretary.
Subscribed and nworn to before me. this 14th
day of January. 1533. M. If. 'III':.
1 '■■;' it v Insurance Commissioner.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
S», - Pteamera leave Broadway I
' fcv«^**w wharf, Han Francisco:
' U. •''?3l! I*^1 *^ For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m^
IHPur^Nka Iv ' 17. 22. 27. Jan. L change
• .. D*siWfi t° company's steamers at
I KV*SH Vjfl Seattle.
I aVaflaVfllaflLil Kor Victoria. Vnncouvor
r^^^^i/sil (B. C). Port Town»end. Pc-
attle. Tacoma, Everett. Ana- |
cortts and New 'Whatctim
(Wash.). M a. m.. Dec. 17.
22. 17, Jan. 1. and every fifth day thereafter;
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska an.l O. N. R'y.: at T.i- 1 ma to N. P.
R'y.; at Vancouver to C. P. Railway.
Kor Eureka (Uumboldt Bay). - p. m.. Dec. 15,
2n. 26. SO. Jun. 4. ami every fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayu-
oos. Port Harfonl (San Luis Oblspo). Gaviota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. Pan Pedro.
East Bun I'«dro (L^s Angeles) and Newport. »
a. m.. Dee. 14. IK, 22. 2«5, 30, Jan. 3. and every j
fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, Ftopplnp only at Port Har-
ford (Pan Lul» Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 n.
m.. Dw. 1«. 20, 24. .-. Jan. 1. and every fourth
day thereafter.
Tor Ensenada, Maudalena Bay, Ban Jose del
Caho. Mnzatlan. Altata, LnPaz. Santa Rosalia
and Ouaymas (Mcx.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
For further Information obtain company's
foMer.
The company reserves the. right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates [
m.l hours of snllinir.
TI CKKT OFHI4JK-4 New Montgomery
btreel il'alace Hotel).
GOODALU PERKINS ■'.- CO.. On. Art(i..
10 Market St., Pan Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. Co.
' DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From Fpeftr-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
FARP * 12 Plr< t Cl *"« Including Bert*
IrtUC $8 Second Ci»»e and Meals.
Btate of California.... Sails Dee. 4. 14. 24. Jan. 3
Colombia Sails Dec. 9. l!#, 23. Jan. I
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butt*.
Helena, and to all points In the Northwest.
Through tick.- to all r>>tnts East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
63} Market it.
GOOD ALL. PERKINS * CO..
Superintendents.
COMPiONIE OENEItALE TRAIfSATLAIfTIQTTK.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ffv>(
saillt>K every Thursday Instead of <£*_\£*\
Saturday, from November 2. 1->j'. at <J*amf»
10 a. m.. from Pier 42, North Hirer, foot of
Morton st. LA BRETAGNE. Dec. 28; LA
NORMAN DIE. Jan. 4; LA CHAMPAGNE.
Jan. 11; LA AQUITAINE, Jan. IS. First class
to Havre, $60 and upward: 5 per cent reduction
on round trip.' Second class to Havre. J45; 5
per cent reduction on round trip. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson- building). New
York. J. F. FI'OAZI *. CO.. Pacific Coast 1
Airer.tS. 5 Mnntrom»ry aye.. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS. •
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJB.
Steamer "Monticello,"
MON\. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45 !
a. m.. 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night). Fri-
days. 1 p. m, and 8:30; Sundays. 10.30 a. m.. 1
p. in. Landing and office. Mlsslon-strest Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1503.
FARE ...tfto :
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
KOSfH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via law— Haa Perry.
- ■ Commencing October 1. lMj
vrom SAN francisco TO mill VAaUT '
and san Rafael. vam '«t
WEEK DATS— »3:30. U:C» a. m. • n-«a
•3:40. 5:15, «W, 6:20 p. m. ' • m> '
E::TRA TRIPS-For Mill Vall«y and San R«_
far!, en Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturdays:
at ?:C0 and 11:33 p. m. ™eya,
SUNDA7S— •»:«. •10:00.< *11 :M a. tn. • «l-im
•:IS. "4:46, 6:80, 9:60 p. m. ' *^
Trains" marked (•) run to San Ouentln.
FROM BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK i>ATS-5:«. »t:35. 7:46. »8[« aTnC«
•11:30. 2 18. '3:40, •8:18 p. m. •■"».,
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednaadava *t,a
6aturday« at 6:40 and 10:15 p m. °°^ B '».*ad
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. •««). •l»:O0, *11:45 ' 1 " «•''<
•1:40. # 3:IS. 4:43. •« 30 p. m. / - ••■»•.
Trains marked (•) start from Han Quentln
TROW MILL VALLEY TO BAN l^ANviaco
WEEK DAYB-B:<s. 6:43. 7:91. t:4« a £?
12:25, 1:33. 3:45. 8:W p. m. ' ** m -
EXTRA TRIP 3 on Mondays, Wednesdays and
EtotupJays at 7:CO ar.d 10:20 p. m •
••«£^« A p 8 rn B:<l6 ' W:OC *■ m - : " : ** «* ***-
HVQ, f.4a p. m •
.«« THROUGH TRAINS. ' ~J7" ' "?
I??'- m. week days— Cazadero and way statlona.
8:40 p. m. Pa-urdHjr»-Tor".ales and rray stations.
• •y&Jßt.fiuj^ftJ-a-Iyftftiti aa4 WM fifcUVfia. 1
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
lamtßN rAtirir CAnriXTt
(r«ciric siaiiaaL)
Trail its !•«««• •%■<• ari< «!»tr. • M rrl«* «•
NAM IlliM
I (Main LI.-.c, Foot of ilarko; Stract)
lsavc — From Dktzudcii 13, 1339. — *i»mr»
•7xOO\ Bcnicla. Bulran. Ehalra. Vacant*.
RnageyandHaer-icerto... ; *7 : 4 r
•7:«4».iHh.ta lijr.ar- 1— WlUrrws,
Ke.l Bluff, Pcrtiiid . *7i43r
•7:*«* Martinez. Sin i' *". ;■. V.;!!i ».». Xapa,
Ca'iairraatKlßanU Rnaa «Siiar
•1:30* The OTwhn.l Lt>r.i:ed— Ogden. ban.
.... »«r. Oaah* Cldeaei ~..^..... •»il3»
•■•»•» Ban .!,»., Llferaore. Ntocktnn.
lone, Haeramcnto. Plaeerrllle,
MarynlUc. CLleo. Itwl U1u1T....... *lil»r
•Jliltcn.Oakdaieaol Honcra . »i:ia r
•D:0O» TUywaHa, NlUsard rlltaibM.Hl*W«
••:110a DiT'A W«KXllar.d. Kr.l.hU Landing,
Mirj-vii p. tirr.u.; •. *7il3r
•0:00* AUacUo Impress— O^leu and X *" •»=«*
••:00a MarUnex. Tncy, l^tfirop, Stockton,
. tlere-d and Fresno. *l3ii.ir
•»>•<•' Pert Costa. I'risno. M>j»»« an.l Io«
Anxtlcs ••:!.>
•l»'»«» Vallcjo. MarMnei ami Way Ktatlooa 'a:!*?
•I I:OO.\ Harwords. NilfS ao.J Way Rtatloos. *2: I*l
•ia:Oon Nl ■. LJTertaore, Stockton. Hacra.
tanio, Mfndota. UacfcrJ. Vlialla.
... - Pcrtcrrllle *«:i3 p
tl«4»«p Sacraaaeuto lElterHtenmen .. t«:i)Or
•3toor Haywarda. Mlea and Way Station*. «as 13 r
•liOOf> Martinez, a!l R» n .,,., Vallc«i\
Napa, fallntog*. fianta Ron •vi|a«
•<i«or Il.iioli. Vacatille, Haetaiaento,
Woodland. IC'.'.'.n Ltodlof.
MaryiTillc, Orotli:* mo 41 4
•ii3»»i> Nllea, Man.|M«nnii 1.-^r <-\t-.n *7ilSr
•3iO«rTbo Oal I.laltsJ— Tracr. rresno.
ttakrnfield. r!angna f. r hanta I v-
" ' Vlra, 1/ s A ■•;-:• \. 'loil.la
oa:OOr£ursct Llnitcd-tl Paso, New Or-
iaaaaantl List cieiiii
■3i3or Stockton, M<-reeil, Prrano *l2:t.'lr
*3130r riaatte. Dakeatj : 1. ij^uU I: if • ar *.
I.i 3 A..C ■\cl>, I'- i.:l:i*. £1 l'».o.
N»W Orloaus and Km •>! »1 4
•SißOr 8 a vt * \'n ):onle— Atl.mtla .,.«
f.ir iMii.Ufn i Bill l\i<>. *O:I,-Jr
*8:00r Haywuib, Mltntl.-.n [c *7ilit*
t«J:n<ir Vallcjo ...•laiinr
•4»:3». •■ M»il— Ogam an<l Tail •*i.l4*r
t"iU«r Vail. J. 1, I'utt 4JoaU a... 1 Way bta-
Ucns. :»..V»r
••■eSr Oreftoaasd Calif- r-.U i'.\\ ■< »r '-•■■•
rnniento. Morjstllle. KriMliik,
r. ■.':»■■ '!•■•■- 1 »■■■! »<«; »«ii*
COAST DITISIOa .N.rrnn Ou»L
(Foot cfM.uktt Street.)
'SiiaAtieffark.CViiUiiillr.HioJ.MO.FrltnD,
UoulderCi'celc.HantaC'rusarHl W.iy
HUUuna , •ataay
tSilSr Newark Contcr:!!!... Haa Jrse, New
AUnacen, V> I: -. IkmMer Creek.
HanU Cruz sad l'llcdpal Way
HtaUoo* lIMIt
Milßp Newark. Han Jff*», Lem Oatoa. *9i2oa
tllil3r Ilnntcn' lUcunUn. Ban Jcao and
WttyHtq > lora j7i3or-
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Frta SU 1 Ki:.CUC3-f.ol tf Vtrkit S.n.t i 3::» »)-
mS 000 ii.oovm. ti 3o *3 :j IJiC3
•4 C 3 J! i 3 1.- •
fr»aiOilU!tJ- fijl «'BiMd«iT. — *fl:C0 8.00 lOOOim.
xvizz '1:03 i2:C3 ♦3:C3 t»:: •s^:r.».
COAST PliptlO!! (Bread 4Jan e).
< ___ (Third .ii, ■! Townrci.il ?it'.) '
ia)il«A.Ocr» 1 View, rijuta !^ju Kr»nci.«-u.. t«:3«r
*7:O4>A Hstx .1. • i ami Way htatl^M (New
Almailer. WetlnenUjmuly) •i:«ep
r ••:•©» Ha Jrne. Tres Yluon. ManU Cnix,
1 Pacillo Crota. l\i- . ttt i.i. 1. tan
j I.ni-t Olilino, f.-itf, Loopoo aud
TtJiiclpal v.'.ir -is <.■: m *4ii«r
•l«i««i Raa.loiemi.l ttaySUMona ; ••:&3 A
•UtJO* Ban .J «,„ an.l Way Btattoim . *3>3or
43f83rBan Ma'ro. ltcdaood. Mrnlo I'afk,
Pal Alto, rianta Clara, Mjii.lm*,
Tres Pico*, Ranta Crux. Btllaaa.
Moo- an.l l'irllic C.rofi ... tl*iMt
fiiiep Pan . Tote ami Way Station* *7i3Op
4:1 Pan Jo*ean.l Principal Wjy Stallnos # »:-l3*
p ; r,.i. HaaJnuAao'l frindpal Way Muttons M»:ii<«»
•I:UUr .4»,,.! Ha 1 Principal Way Htatious *^:33a
•«:^Or Pan Jcso anl W«yfltatlr>cs fJliOO*
111i43r Sau Joag «n 1 Way Statl.ipa *?;«Or
A for MoroiDf ~ 1* (ur Afternoon
• Dally. f Hun.lay eirep'-ed. . : .-?u: day coly.
I Saturday only.
aLXusadan and FsldAja ■■ Tborsdays and Bandars.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN ET. CO.
T-jH3SSE3ID
SAM FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburoa Perry. Foot of Market St.
. BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:IO. 1:00. 11:00 a. m. . UM.
1 .10 5:1», (to p. m. Thursdays— EUtra trip
at 11:80 p. m. Saturdays— trlpa at 1 M
and UM p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 1:89. 11:00 a. m.l V.K. » H.
00, 0:20 p. m.
BAN RAFAEb TO BAN FRANCI3CO.
WEEK DATS— lit, T.BO. t.». 11:10 a. m. : ll.la,
8:40, 6:10 p. m. Baturday»- Extra trips at
If s and C:B5 p. m.
6T.T.VD AYS— 8:10. 1:40, U:li) a. m. : 1:40. I:4*. It*.
■ i' d. m.
lletween Ban Francisco and Bchuetsen Para
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrtre
Fan Francisco. In r.Tect Bon rranctioat.
■ October 13. ■■
Week Sun- 1*99. Sun- Weed
j Days. days. Destination days. Days.
7:30 am 1:00 am Novatn. 10:44 am 1:« mm
1 8:30 pm f:M am Petaluma, 4 .vu pm It) ii <ci
1:10 pm 00 pm Banta Rosa. 14 pin 1:21 cm
Fulton,
7:10 am Windsor. 10:25 1.1
Hraldiburr.
Lyttcn.
• Oey«ervll|e,
8:10 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:13 pm 1:13 pta
1:80 am Bcpland and
8:00 am Uktah. 7:83 pm •» pot
1:80 am ~ 10:2* an
8:00 am Ouernerille. 7:33 pm
1:30 pm 1:13 pra
1:30 am 3:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:44 aa
and
1:10 pm B:00 pm Glen Ellen. fOB cm 1:21 pra
1:30 am 8:00 am 6eta*topol. 14 40 am M: ant
8:30 pm 6:00 pm 7:S3pm 1:22 pm
Ptacei connect at Fanta Rota for Mark West
Eprinics and White Sulph-ir Sprlnjrs; at I 17" 1
for Lyttcn Spring*; at Oeyserrtlle for Ska«a«
Erring*: at Cl venial* for the Oeysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Sprlnjre, Hls;blaad 9prtn«s.
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Fprinxs. «<-<Ja Bay. Lak*-
port and Bartlett hprinirs; at Ukiah for Vichy
ErrlOKs. Earatoica P:>rlrn«. Plus Lakes. I*'iret
Dell Lake. Witter Spcinva. Upper Lake. Porno.
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Ll*rl«y'a,
Itucknell'v. Sar.r^drln H-I<ht». Hullvtlle. Orr*a
Hot Spring". Mer.doctno City. Fort Brace.
Westport. Usal. Wtllltts. Laytonvlll*. Cua-
mln«r ». Bell's flprio«-s. Harris. O!a«n's. Dyer.
Bcctta and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
I beyond San Rafael at half rate*.
Ticket Offices. 6M Market St.. Chronicle bids.
B. C WHITTNO, R. X RYA.hT^
General Manager. Ocn. Pasa, A«tat.
CALIFORNIA LIMITED
S nta Fe Route. ...
The fastest train, running over the beat raff*
road, with th* highest cla«a aocomtm^aticr^i,
CoQn*cUn< train laavaa Baa Franeiaoo a 4
S:CO p. m.
MOHDA/. WTDMFBDVT. fBICAT. BATUBDAT.
Anivlns: In Chicago at 2:l* p. m.
I»IDAT. SnSD'Y. TUSSDAT. WE3.VS3D.VT.
OVERLAND EXPRESS
Every day in th- year. Pullman Pa.ace anil
Upholstered Tourist Cars leave C«kiaa4 Mala)
for Denver. Kansas City. Chicago and th« Mast
6.30 p. in.
VALLEY ROAD
Between Btocktcr;. Fresno. Punfonl, Vi** 1
Tulare and RakersSeU, furclshaj good uioaj
train service.
Ban Francisco office. (21 Market at.. telep^jae
Mar 153 L
OakUrid office, 111» Broadway.
Pacramento office, 101 J streot.
Ban Jcse offlo*. 7 Waet Santa Clara street.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Franrlsco via Sausallto Ferry.
f ' Week Days— 9:30 a. m. and 1.43 p. m.
Sundays. .B:oo. 10 0) a. m. and l:li p. m. •
Steam-heated, closed car on all trains.
Fare.. San Fraaeisco to Summit and Return.
81 40.
y^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
X* % fta* 1 ". 1 " 5*5 * '"'the treatment of Prlvat*
iJL.^V^'i Dr.riibhonV Dispensary,
J«L'."»K»:Aaj(Y»T. Establ(sh«l
a ls ' l ' : ' " ■ ' '•■i»ati»
M lila.-n.ies. U m Mmiti.H-l
Krafta'da dbeait«*Tearlnc «»u txxj y»nd ralmltuid
%XWV4UM 81 " a ixataani. I tiPd'jctitrrur.- ■ ae«
iJ^*vX*Pl oo ' * r "' ' Fry him. Chnrg.-. low.
*yJMdt,ii*' aw * ■•"•"•a;uari»B)i«-»«l. Cailorwrtte,
Ur. J. W. o»Bll»»>. M*»x Itft.hl Pranclat
THE WEEKLY CALL,
61 per Year.
1314
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SWEET, CUTE
HOLIDAY JUVENILE
FINERY at
BARGAIN PRICES! ]
Sounds- odd to talk bargain-prices before Christ-
inas, but you're not. going to get bargain-prices after
Christmas, because good? are advancing too rapidly
in price to permit it.
So, now, while some of our Holiday Fashions are
somewhat broken in sizes, we're going to make a
special price sale right to-day.
1 *& [
i
\ ______^^_ '
Those, pretty Suits you tee pictured above, the little Sailor
and that sweet, manly little Suit, which we have called "The
Frisco Lad," which h-as taken the town by storm, with its manly
little vest, these comp'-rf? one. put of the specials.
The Sailor is a b-autiful conception in blue, almost square
collar, and inlaid collar of cadet gray, beautifully soutached..
It's a Suit thai you would 'be willing at any time to pay $5 or
$6 for; ages Sto 10 years. It's now
— $2.95—
Of course, the little follow gets his toys with these
That manly little Suit. "Th" Frisco Lad." a - retty little
uit. also in blue, with its pretty little vest, like papa's, for
chaps between the „*,■ of 3 and 8; a ri-ch conception; you'd
eagerly pay at any time $0 for such a Suit. To-day it will be
— $2.95—
Of course, the ch<ip gets his toys with this.
tSomc remarlcihly swell Suits f***VJ
for bigger hoys, between the ago* *-*
San 1 15; wearing knee 'runs- J&ZZ?>^
i re, made in double-breasted f^/^j&\
fashion, a? you, see pictured— a I r%J \
Suit that you would be willing I- > o c= \ 1
at any timi to pay $5 for; strict- £i^* (I
ly all long fiber merino wool; H* *%J /
ha nd-som? colorings — ill winter L.J
colorings — all winter - weight VtHt
goods; stylish, snappy styles, \ j\\ j^
These suits to-day will be \j_j/ \\t{\
<U9 qc: . ilf
jSges Bto 15 Of course, the chap gets hU A* es ato 10
Years. toys with these. Years
*£\ Reefer Suits for little chapi be-
JF~^\ ween the ages of Jf.and 10 years;
4~\ *■■*>} t? 10 san M goods, same fabrics,
>O\S^y a all good Scotches— Suits that
/ry^\&+<S ' /Oft u ' ouJ(i> hr willing at any
}r\\f^^ SJWDi iiTn " j to pay * 5 f° r - The ta i oji
VA^J \s ft? r '¥ll| x * them to-day will read—
jf 1) $^.95.
Of course, the little chap gets
his toys with these.
0 *<>*&'<&*-<>s&*■&'<&&*&s&&*&&.& ..; .; .; 0 = o^^.o^=o
O '' v ' a
This is a sale of magnitude, and by a house which .'-.
t stands accredited among tive people as doing exactly £
Z. as it advertises. Now, then, be early. * X,
RAPHAEL'S; "><=■•
THE FRISCO BOYS.
COR. KEARNY ST. AND UNION SQUARE AYE.
KLXG-PIXS FOR OVERCOATS.
THE PAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1899.
RIPPEY SAID SHE WAS
JAMES FAIR'S CHILD
LITTLE Charlotte B. Gergory
ceased drawing pictures of the
bailiff and listened with breath
less interest yesterday morning
when Attorney Robert Ash took
' the- Bland in Judge Troutt's court and
j paid that Wesley C. Rippey told him
' that he could prove that James G.
i Fair Jr. was the lather of the llttlo
• girl. This evidence occasioned the first
• surprise during the trial of the contest
■ Instituted by Robert Ash of the will of
• the Ir.te Mrs. Catherine E. Gregory,
', who died recently, leaving an estate
, valued at 120.000. Mr*. Gregory was
| little Charlotte's foster mother, and by
. the terms of a will executed Decem
i ber 10. 1595. she devised her entire
• estate to the child, subject, however.
• to a life estate vested In Mrs.
'y Martha Munson. proponent of the will. in whose care the deceasM placed
, the child Just prior to her death. This will, being of later date, defeated the
> purpose of a testament made by Mrs. Gregory March 22, ISM, in which she
• devised one-haJf of her estate to Ash. the contestant.
I Ash testified that the later will was written by Wesley C. Rlppey. the
• old man who shot John W. Mackay In I.lck alley Borne years ago, and was
\ not signed by Mrs. Gregory. Ash .said that Rippey was a warm friend of
'y Mrs. Munpon and often told Mrs. Gregory that If the will was made to suit
. him matters would be all right as he could prove that the child was the
I daughter of young Jim Fair and that the latter"* father had promised to
pay 1100,000 to keep the matter a secret and to protect the memory of his
! son.
• Notwithstanding the statement alleged to have been made by Rippey. who
Is now dead, the parentage of the child will forever remain a secret. If Rip
pey had proofs they died with him. as did Mrs. Gregory's knowledge of little
Charlotte's kin. The child In evidently fond of Mrs. Mun» n and uncon
cerned over the prominent place she occupies In the litigation.
After Ash had retired from the stand Mrs. Munson was called by the
defense. She acknowledged that Rippey wrote the will, as alleged by the
defense, but said that It was at Mrs. Gregory*! suggestion.
"Mrs. Gregory did not want Ash to know that she had made another
will," said Mrs. Munson. "but she felt that she bad done considerable for
him during her life, having purchased him several suits of clothes and as
sisted him in many other ways. She was anxious that her child should have
the entire estate and knew that I would care for her. bo she got Rippey to
write the Will, which was not published until after her death. The hearing
of the case will go on next Monday.
BIG OIL LAND
STEAL PLANNED
Prompt Steps Taken to
Prevent It.
Filial Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON, Dec. 21.—
Representative • :ham. when asked to
day by a Call correspondent why ho had
asked the Land Office to suspend entry
upon land In the oil district in Cali
fornia, stated that he had done so because
it had been represented to him by a large
number of his constituents that there was
about to be attempted a gigantic steal
of these land?, engineered by certain well
known land ■harks in California.
It was represented to Mr. Needham that
theso gentlemen had got hold of a large
body of forest reserve script and were
about to use it to obtain title to oil lands,
in violation of the spirit if not the letter
of the law. In order to obtain title to the
land with forest reserve script the locator
must swear that the land located is agri
cultural. The oil land in California is clas
sified in the Land Office as agricultural,
but a* a matter of fact almost all of it
has lain unoccupied since the admission
of California. very few settlers wanted
to pre-empt or homestead it, because it is
utterly unlit for farming or grazing pur
poses.
To stop this fraudulent attempt of script
men to gain title to these valuable oil
lands Mr. Needham has been before Com
missioner Hermann a number of times.
The Land Office has put the brakes on
and understands the situation, It has is
sued an order that the locator of land
with forest reserve script must publish
notice of his location in the nearest news
paper and must affirmatively prove that
the land thus located is agricultural in
character. Commissioner Hermann In
formed Mr. Worxlhsm that, this order
would be held retroactive. .
Mr. Needham has made request that all
land In the oil region be withdrawn from
entry with a view to re-examination and
reelassltlcatlon, but the department holds
this cannot be done, as reclassiflcatlon Is
only to be had of railroad land grants.
However, order of publication and proof
as above aH forth will practically operate
as a reclacsiflcation.
A Diamond Palace.
Diamonds are still being sold by Colonel
Andrews of the Diamond Palace, 221
Montgomery street, at the lowest prices
for choice gems, regardless of the advance
of 80 per cent. Open evenings. •
In the Divorce Court.
T.dll!e Shepardson has been granted a
divorce from William G. Shepardson on
the ground of willful neglect. Judge
Hunt yesterday denied the application of
Charles Grabber for a divorce from Louise
Graeber.
Dr. Parker's Cnujh Cur*. One <Jo*e will »top i
a cough. Never falls. Try It. All druggists.
Dr. Voorsanger Will Preach.
Divine B«rvices will be hel«l this evening
at the Temple Emanii-El, commencing at
s o'clock. I»r. Voorsanger win lecture on
"A Mirror of the Seventeenth Century."
The public If Invited to attend.
Beet place to R«>t your clove orders Is at the
Factory, 111 Grant aye. Panlcheff an«l Kedora. •
WAGNER CAR COMPANY
OFFICER ENDS HIS LIFE
WASHINGTON. Dec. 21.-Jame P Dunne
Taylor, one of the Important officers in
New York City of the Wagner Palace Car
Company and a son-in-law of the founder
of thf company, committed raJdde to-daj
tihortly after noon at the eirafton Hotel
In this city by cutting his throat with a
razor. Mr. Taylor was suffering from
some nervous affection caused by Illness
and the fatal act was committed appar
ently <n the impulse of the moment. The
mU-ide was £1 yean "f -ahi\ Re 'i:<<l been
Ml for pome time and was brought here
under charge of a physician to see If a
chance of scene would not prove bene
ficial to him. Some one was constantly
with him. but to-day he was left alon< lii
the room for a moment and In that time
he ended his life.
Fire Department Changes.
At the meeting of the Fire Commission
ers yesterday afternoon Joseph Dunn re
signed as truckman of truck 2; J. Harries
was appointed truckman of truck 1; John
Relnfleld truckman of truck 2 and Au
gustus I..oftu» hoseman of engine 20. A
resolution was passed requesting all cred
itors of the department to send In th«lr
claims to the secretary on or before De
cember 20, as thr- present hoard wants to
retire from office with ■ clean sheot.
ACTOR STOCKWELL FAILS.
He States His Liabilities at Ten
Thousand Dollars. Mostly for
Royalties.
L. R. Stockwell, comedian and Jovial fel
low on the stage, essayed a tragic role
yesterday— that of a "busted Thespian"—
when he filed in the United States Dis
trict Court a petition in bankruptcy stat
ing his liabilities at $10,635 and his assets
at $100 worth of household goods, which
are exempt.
Stockweirs principal creditors are as
follows: Frank Sanger, for royalty on
Plays. $3000; Edwin Price, ditto and prom
issory notes $2400: Hoyt & McKce. roy
alty. J1500; J J. Raver Judgment and
claims^ 1940; Francis & Valentine, print
ing, Jkov Goldstein, Cohn & Co.. costumes,
$.'»<); Sidney Rosnequest, borrowed money.
$300. and Charles Kent, actor, for salary!
Stockwell has company in his misery as
well as misery in his company, for peti
tions were Hied also by Frederick Bovd
baggageman, Sacramento. $517 15. no as
rid A. G. Rose, farmer, Santa Cruz -
W«o 42. assets S ■
A. D. T. Boys
Will deliver Christmas presents In the city
or across the. bay at reasonable rates. •
—■♦ . _
BOY SMUGGLER DETAINED.
Attempted Escape of Ma Su, Saloon
Boy on the MRru.
Ma Pu. a saloon boy of the America
i Maru, was taken off the steamer yester
j day Just before she sailed for Japan hy
United States Marshal Shine on a war
WENT TO THE GRAVE WITH
SECRET OF HER DOWNFALL
MISS EDITH HOWLAND of V*
Munich street, a prepossessing
young woman of twenty-two
summers, died yesterday after
noon at St. Luke's Hospital, carrying
with her to the grave a secret that
the authorities have endeavored to
unravel. Three weeks ago Miss How
land went K. Mrs. Wolf, an acquaint
ance, residing at 22 Maple street, and
told her that she was seriously ill.
AVhen she finished her story *h«
fainted in the arms of her friend. Dr.
B. N. TorrcUo was called to attend
her, and after admlni.sterin{r_stimu
lant? and revlvinß her attempted to
get from her the caOM Of her illness.
She stubhornly refused to tell her
f=tory and v her condition was critical
the doctor had her removed to St.
Lukes Hospital.
While she was there she was visited
frequently by* Albert Villlere. who
Ka-ve his residence as 17M Market
street. It was apparent to all of the
attendant* that the young man was
the sweetheart «>f the deceased. He
visited her yesterday afternoon and
at that time she had so far recovered
that she was in a condition to sit on
the porch of the hospital and expected
to leave it In a few days.
The couple had a long and earnest
conversation. After the young man
l<*ft the place the patient told the at
tendant that Villiere was going to
leave for Los Angeles on the steamer
in the afternoon and that she never
expected to see him again. She ap
peared to be very much dejected after
the Interview. After she was put to
Hales. I Hole's^ | ■ .??L c I BJ.8 J.
* our Christmas gift <<^TU \ *
4& rood Roods and lowest prices, you will never \ \" I A^T A \
•• be ashamed of any it — that you send from _ . -°- t \ V/7^- \ \ \'* \ \ »•
Jsi Hales. you know the quality of the goods.. iiii . ..Ci fii,, ju! - —^ \ V/y "A V V/^.V. \ ♦?►
•? and as for the i.rir.- we will only say that \\l 111 ll[ L_ _— I— —-^^ 1 \ X /XS*
*you will find them as low all over the store F~ , ___ _ „ ,^, *^m \ \ «V^^^\ Jr^ X**^ £tm
as these few that we show you here. /-^T^~-^ i \ (^ /^ \ .^^ "-*
? \','ilil '7 wash tubs — ~" — " - . :}
* VH 77 nlne -»nch brass-bound steam boat box kites *S"
t M\ Iff] wooden w M h tubs for OLWcHTI UUdl UUA KILCO
I Ullfl/ >^^ ehc ho U.U .e k eeper. : HF" '"" „ _ ,„. & ' '"" ~" *
T? surprise boxes •!•««■ *• J
* •om«hln en ewln 3 ack-ln-the-boxe ;»few PP 5 = -^ s== I telegraph boy 4"
*7" »~ "~l* ■ < ■ a ram* that will hnM Its Interest far .•»
, _^^^^^^^^ . . -. | • i - *r, _!!;;^^^' j T hours at a time; larr* and »'- -* 73T
JK y^^A^^WUfe^Dt '\ ' ' — ~o 1 /I^. •"'1 handsomely lithographed, until ~*
* doll furniture . . . A d&^^ '** *
i,. wooden Dutch doll furniture In a neat doll chiffoniers bab y SWinfiß II i— - •^*___ A
. box. five pieces prettily lithographed; strong. well-made •■»»— «""^ ~
JT^ sornethlnß new and novel; per set only Pretty pieces of fur- swings, with bar to .£»
• lUc • ? ltur for youn« prevent baby from Manila Klrk^Lrc
jk housekeepers. II inch- falling out; a very iTI/Hllia DIOCKS -
C _ —- — _ _ c*e * high. 6 drawers, useful and acceptable a picture ruxxle fame of th« Phil- +*■
»-. >^> •>. /^TI nicely finished In i m - gift. with ropes for Ippine Islands; every child on the «I
"J* \\ rf' I Jfatlon maple: while hanging complete. I'aclfic Coast should have one. a few +f+
•• \ \ /^~>| 7/ I they last. .'We. only is c . can get them here at SOc. "•
I WoW o v V B *
_£. S==^™<^ WlT^' larK * bralul lrnmho "" the not^
"JT > v^.—^^ N<i>/ marked on the slide; any one can play It i imi ifl"^ nEJT 1-^1 -^ ■# ij,
*arter a few moments" practice; complete w jt
automobiles w * *"* music and instructor only -lOc. W nnd M Wtrh M «t. *
_ automobiles wnnf | Pn i-jtrhon c^c *
rubber Urea; when wound up will Open evenings till XmaH. WUUUCII KIICIICII SetS j*
« fs°.rf 5°. r B ° me " me: new W-" frea tessons very naming. » h^»^%™fe E&Sp^ A
t- >?»>>. only 10c.
\* /^vT^S^^**\\ UP# wrtn^ rT - /J!f//iw!+Z~!^^^- yK^~^\j2£i=. Ure^reverttblelh/ndU £•
-. B -L* — ■*** % tub. wa*hboaril. /£&/ A'" ' *^**~~" — "^^ bars.' movable saddle, %3T
V* # I clothes rack and j# ■/ *g£i &®fl ♦> (hn{)t>f>^^ rubber mounted r>»daU. JL
£ // n ( - tw c>ey»t>x^^<^ . tool tn X an .i tools, im- tt
r i' 'or a little girl; 935-947 Market street. ball-bearinr all over; a **•
only 2.1 c. yOO-y47 Market Street. very few at 9 13. ±
4* 4* 4* 4* 4* 4* 4* 4^^^^^ $*&& &§& 4* 4* 4* 4* 4*4*4*4* **$"&*****"*#
rant Issued by United States District
Judge De Haven. Su was arrested several
days ago by customs Inspectors as he was
coming down the gangplank with a large
quantity of of embroidered silk wound
around his body. He gave bonds in the
sum of $250 to appear for trial next March
for smuggling. A few days later he asked
Judge De Haven for permission to return
to Japan on the Ma.ru In pursuance of his
duties as saloon boy, with the intention of
coming back on the return trip In time
for his trial. Judge De Haven denied his
request and the Jap attempted to go any
how.
Acting Customs Surveyor St. John
learned of the Jap's Intentions and report
ed the matter to United States District
Attorney Coombs, who went before Judge
i ••■ Haven and procured the warrant for
the arrest of the boy, Judgo De Haven
having raised the amount of the bonds
from $250 to $500. The steamer sailed and
left Su ashore. His former bondsmen,
who are Japanese, filed new bonds and he
was released.
LITTLE GIRL KILLED
BY IMITATION COGNAC
one swallow sent her
INTO CONVULSIONS.
Plod After Two Hours of Horrible
Agony in Spite of All a Doc
tor's Efforts.
One swnllc-w of cheap Imitation of
copnac Killed 3-year-old Rosina Fazzia.
■ arny Itreet, in two hours' time '.i.-^t
Wednesday evening.
Roslna sat nt the dinner table with the
family and within her reach was a quart
bottle nearly full of cheap brandy used
by the family to burn In the black coffee.
Mrs. Fazzla left the table for a few mo
ments and when she returned the child
had just put the bottle back on the table.
She Immediately went into convulsions.
Dr. Artlguez was sent for and adminis
tered the usual remedies, but despite his
efforts th# child died two nours after
drinking the vile stuff. The body was re
moved to the Morgue and an inquest will
be held to-morrow morning.
The father of the dead child visited the
Morgue yesterday afternoon and made a
statement of the case In accordance with
the foregoing facts. He added that the
cognac is sold at retail at 70 cents a quart.
bod in th* evening she refused to talk
to any one and became rapidly worse.
The nurses reported her condition to
the. physician in charge, but as she
had been improving rapidly little at
tention was Riven to the apparent
change for the worse. A few hours
later the attendant reported that Miss
Rowland had died.
During her stay in the hospital she
had confessed to the nurses that she
had h*en operated upon by two doc
tors, whoso names she steadfastly re
fused to divulge. She also declined
to Rive th. name of the man who
was responsible for her downfall.
VUllcre will arrive at Los Angeles to
day, and the authorities have, been
Instructed to interview him and get
his version of his connection with the
case.
INDICTMENT OF
PRUTTON WILL
NOW BE ASKED
• ♦
Peculiar Sequel to a
Damage Suit.
RAILROAD GIVEN JUDGMENT
In obedience to an order made by Judge
Cook. Assistant District Attorney Solo
man will go before the Grand Jury and
place before It a verified complaint, by
which John Prutton sought to recover
$10,000 damages from the Market Street
Railway Company for personal Injuries,
the object being to secure an Indictment
against Prutton for perjury alleged to
have been committed when he verified the
complaint in question. Mr. Prutton, who
has been laboring near Sunol for some
time past. Is now in the city, having ar
rived last evening, and Instead of prepar
ing himself to resist the proposed criminal
proceedings will Immediately make a mo
tion for a new trial of his case, which
was decided against him by a Jury in
Judge Cook's court yesterday.
The facts of the case are peculiar. Prut
ton was found unconscious near the Mis
sion street tracks, between Fourth and
Fifth streets, on the night of February 2
last. He admitted being intoxicated on
the night in qtestlon. and said that a-i
he was crossing the street he saw a c.ir
appear In front of him, and he remem
bered nothing more. Subsequent! two
witnesses to the accident. William Cava
naugh and John Hogan. were discovered,
and after the injured man had placed his
case in the hands of Attorney Louis P.
Boardman they came forward and made
statements regarding the cause of the ac
cident, which the attorney now holds.
Cavanaugh. who Is a marine fireman and
resides at 84-JA Mission street, said:
On the night of the M of February at
about 11 4... I was with Mr. lln«ran on the
south side of Mission street, between Third
and Fourth, on my way home, when I saw
a green car of the Mission-street line strike
the man, whose name I do not know. The
car was going about ten miles per hour,
the man was drunk and in plain sight in
the middle of the street, and had the motor
man been looking out he need not have
struck the man. Mr. Hogan called "mop
the car, you have run over I man." They
paid no attention and r-nnttmjprt on their
way. Two officers came up the street and
rang for the patrol. They did not see the
accident, but we told them that he was
struck by a green car. A third party came
up and the officer drove him off. He did
not stay until the patrol came up, but went
home.
In his statement Hogan testified as fol
lows:
On the night of the 2d of February ISM
at exactly 11:45 o'clock. I was on Mission
street, on the south side, when John Prutton
was struck by a Mlsulon-street car. The
car was a green car. and was going west
at the rate of ten miles per hour or m IT*.
The street waa perfectly clear, no wagons
or anything In sight. 1 saw the man (John
Prutton) when he left the sidewalk. The
car was then some forty feet or more from
the place where the accident occurred.
The grlpman or motorman could have seen
the man In plenty of time to avoid the
accident had he been looking. lie rang no
bell, and the man did not see the car until
It was on him. The man was crossing from
north to south, and when the car struck
htm It knocked him toward the sidewalk.
The motorman made no effort to stop th»
car until too late, and then continued on
his way without stopping. Mr. Cavanaugh
who was with me. called to the motorman
to stop and help take care of the man he
had run down, but he made no answer. The
conductor looked around and saw what had
happened, but paid no attention to It. The
man lay In the street in plain sight two
or three feet from the rail. I could tell
when the man left the sidewalk that h*
was drunk, and the motorman could have
seen. too, were he attending to his business
The man staggered plainly. I stood there
until a policeman rang in for the patrol
The man. I think, was Mr. GtilynnT who
came up on the car behind. I rave th»
officer my name and address and then
went home.
Both statements were witnessed by un
interested parties, hut when the case wai
ready for trial neither witness material
ized. Wednesday. however. Attorney
Boardman says, when the case was called
both were in court, and on being ad
dressed said that they had been <*nr>i e
naed by the railroad and had been pold
their witness fees. Shortly after this the
case was called, and Mr Boardman asked
for a continuance on the ground that h«
could not find the plaintiff, and this wns j
granted in view of the fact that he con
sented to draw a Jury and let the cast go
to trial yesterday morning. Pratt on, not !
having received his notification, failed to
show up yesterday morning, but Judge
Cook refused to entertain a motion for «i
continuance, and the. case went to trial.
Hognn and Cavanaugh being absent, the
defendant put on several street car oper
ators, all of whom testified that they did
not ceo the plaintiff ruck by a car. und
Officer Glynn testified that he found the
plaintiff beside the railway, an Iron bar
about a foot long near his prostrate body.
Although the plaintiff 's DOSS was frac
tured and bleeding and his head cut. no
blood was on the bar, which the defend
ant endeavored to connect with his in-
Jury. •
After the officer left the stand Mr.
Boardman requested the court to allot*
his witnesses to testify. They were nut
in court, and even In the face of the fact
that they had stated that they were sub- j
penaed by the company Mr. Boardman |
asked for a continuance that they might j
he found. Judge Cook denied tn* motion,
instructed the jury and a verdict ma*
found in favor of the defendant. A mo
tion for a new trial will he mad", how
•Ver, and Interesting developments are
expected.
EXPERT GIVES TESTIMONY.
Developments in the Molineux Mur-
der Trial in New York.
NEW YORK. Dec. 21-John F. T
aWwaukss expert on handwriting.
waa on the stand nearly all day In th*
trial of Itoland B. MotrJMVX, charg'
the murder of Mrs. Katharine J. Adann.
The testimony of Mr. Tyrrell «
tlrely technical an.' .i»-alt in op.-ratiotM
-nlng the "j.on habit" and "mental
conception" nntic-d in the admitted hand
writings of the defendant and In tha ad
dress on the poison package.
Tyrrell was asked if he considered the
continuous break throughout all the wrlt
ingß before the oval letters an Important
point. He said he did. and that It waa. tn
his opinion, one of the most Important
points In establishing the identity of th*
writer of the poison package address and
the disputed Barru't-Cornlsh letters.
Tyrr To-n-exam!n*d by Mr
Weeks, counsel for the defense who tn- d
hard to break the testimony of the wit
ness but seemed unable to do so. Aft»r
a long series of arguments on techrlcul'
fle« Mr. We. ks brought his croM-exam
lnatlon to a close and the court adjourned
until to-mornu-.
ADVEBTISEMENT&
HOLIDAY SPECIAL !
BEST TURKEYS
AT THE LOWEST PRICES.
22 lbs Granulated Sut;ar ft m
BO lbs Park Best Flour, any kind fit
3 lbs Currant*.. •»$
.' lbs < it r. .ri or Mix Peel 2S
3 11.- Home Made Mince Meat ;;
4 Iba New Ratrlns ■>•
3 lbs Best Dried Peaches 2.-,
i !b Fancy Mix Cakes ;; \i\
4 lbs Fancy Dried Apple* jr.
5 lbs Fancy Dried Flus gj
7 lbs Oood Dried Peaches z%
1 dor Bent Ranch Hints «
1 «quar<» Best Butter <;
2 Act kins: Ejrirs Vi
1 squarr> Conking Butter »..„ »;
1 can B*st Table Peachej ... . j,-,
3 cans. Best fillced Table Peaches 25
2 cans Tomatoes or Peas . IS
English Walnuts, per Ib , 1>
3 lbs Seedless Raisins »■;
Currants and Raisins, per park '. 19
Best Mix Nuts, per Ih 15
Cranberries, per quart 08 and 10
CHRISTMAS LIQUORS.
Best O. P. S. Whiskey, g years old. bottled ex-
pressly for O'Connor Bros., per bottle. 8e:
per gallon f: ••>
Best Old Crow Whiskey. ■ year» old. bottled ex-
pressly for family use, per bottle. TJc: per
Itallon $2 CO
Good Old Bourbon Whiskey. « years old
SOc per bottl«
Fln# (-year-old Port or Sherry Wine, per rat.
lon. 90c; par bottle Bo
122-124 NINTH STREET.
TELEPHONE SOUTH «M
111 VI.MR THE STORE.
Come Just to Look
(Newest
Cblnaware
Crot'krri
Glassware
Lamp*
Ornament*
JV'OTCItIC»
Clock*
LOWEST PRICES
Come Just to Look.
Great American Iraporlinir Tea Cb.
Centra! 210-212 Grant avc,
Stores : Bet. Sutter and Post nt*.
861 Market St.. opp. Powell.
52 Market St., foot California.
Branch Stores Everywhere.
»"' '-'" I
m^iC-MATZOS
We offer the Finest Matin eTer baked In Cali-
fornia at about 60 per cent less than ever •old
before. MAT7.ri. Me PER POUND
New Ekh Matzo. new Matzo Flour. Macron«a
10 cts. per pound; Coooanut Macrones. »0 eta* '
per pound. Orders Taken Until January Ut at
1740 KOLSOM ST.: tel. Mint ISO *
PAN FRANCISCO MATZO COMPANT
Factory and Main Office. 1130 Howard at,