volvmi; l.wwiM-n, 7.
BOERS CONTINUE TO BOMBARD LADYSMITH, DEFEAT
THE BRITISH AT KIMBERLEY AND PREVENT THE
ADVANCE OF RELIEF FORCES.
LADYSMITH, Saturday. Dec. 2. j
—The hottest bombardment of j
the siege toekplacs lastThurs- '
day. The Boers pot a new big pin I
in position on Lombard's Kop. com- '
pl?teJy commanding the Mini, and '
•A Boer shell bum under a. llmbe r of th« Twenty-first Feld Battery."
thelled the British camp that day
nnd yesterday, planting shells -with
preat accuracy in the camp of the
Gordon Highlanders and the Man
-hester Regiment, -where there were
many narrow escapes. To-day the
snemy resumed the bombardment,
3oing some very effective shooting.
Several of the British guns have been
shattered by the Boer big guns.
QUEENSTOWN. Cape Colony, Sat
urday, Dec. 2. — The Boers have be
come very active in the country
iround Storraburg Junction, to which
Beneral Gatacre was to make his next
move. The telegraph lines have been
rut in various places and communi
cation with Steynsburg, Dordrecht
md Maraisburg has been severed. It
Is believed here that th? Boers have
Decupled Steynsburg. Firing has been
beard in the direction of Stormburg,
probably between General Gatacre's
vanguard and the Boer commando.
LONDON. Dr<\ -—L one dispatches
«r< r*- rrrr iv« d at the War Office from Gen
eral Duller yesterday, but the only items
made public wore a list of casualties in a
sortie from Klmherlry on November
and a statement from the commander in
rhlef as to Boer losses. Th^re is little
doubt that Sir Redvers rof«-rrod to for
ward movements, now perhaps in oncra
GENERAL SCHALKBERGER,
\\ho Takes Chief Command of the Boer Forces in
General Joubert's Absence.
The San Francisco Call
tlon. but tho War Office makes no s;cn
welL
■ming
\\ • '.. while (";.
I
-
■
the- in
■nbanimf nt. was hal<s. .
■
■
ims fall
■
■ oturnlng I
. • • that
rumors t hat rr>
- of Hritish Invasloi
• ■ • aba ftdon
....
and has gone M.'k
■ i •
i in the B
■
In the de
1 the pre«
• y from !
\.ith the .
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 7, 18!)f).
"CHARGE OF TUP: FIFTH I.ANVERS."
INCIDENTS OF IHt BATTLE OF ELANDS LAAGTH.
fltn B D.iily Graphic, fr<. tn sketches by sp.cial artists)
conveying some Important massage to tho
Boer leaders from headquarters.
Of all theso rumors thorn Is just enough
substance to some of them to cause a be
lief that the Boers are much worried by
the British preparations for an advance.
The report of General Joubert being suc
ceeded by Schalkburger might mean a
more vigorous campaign on the part of
' the Boers, who have blamed Joubert for
his caution. It lend* color to the report
that Ladysmith Is to ho assaulted. It
may be taken for granted, however, that
'. so lons as the Frere campaign remains
quiescent It is tolerably certain that La
dysmith is not in very great straits. While
there Is communication between Frere
and Ladysmlth by searchlights and run
ner.--, any advance for the relief of the
latter place would mean very hard fight
ing, as it Is known that the Boers have
strongly fortified the hills between Lady
smith and Colenso.
Most contradictory reports are in circu
lation as to the, movements of the Boers
around Ladysmth. Dispatches so late as
i Monday report large numbers of them to
be retiring. It is said a column four miles
' long has been seen departing. Another
message on the same date places Boers in
great strength along the line of the Tu
gela.
Any withdrawal from I.adysmlth would
have two effects. It would weaken the
confidence . of the Boers and enable the
British armies in Natal to unite in one
Imposing whole.
If one strong force of Boers Is moving
off from Joubert'i eoirmond to Drakens
herg passes into the Free State. General
Mothuen will have to face eastward and
meet it. He has about MM men with him
and another 10.000 on his line of communi
cations, but this latter force Is very weak
In cavalry ! and artillery and la spread
out along the railway from De Aar to
Modder River. The fact. that tho Boers
i are not weakening in front of Kimberley is
very important an showing their strength.
Definite news of General Methuen's ad
vance has arrived. The Boers have been
located by the Lancers six miles to the
north in strong position. It is feared that
Methuen will once more have to deliver
a frontal attack. There are indications
that the Boers In that quarter have been
reinforced,
Great efforts are being made to reduce
Maf eking. An additional force with heavy
guns has started to co-operate In the
Biege. There is little hope of relief going
to Colonel Baden-Powell from the south,
which just now \ looks impracticable.
There Is a report of four armored trains
running down from Bulu'wayo.
General Butler's report regarding Boer
losses is very interesting. He takes three
instances to prove. that the enemy do not
i admit one-tenth of the losses they have
incurred. . A'" ■■'■■
j WOUNDED SOLDIERS RETURN.
LONDON, Dec «.— The first batch of
wounded soldiers, numbering vi m en. ar
rlTed In the Thames to-day on the Hrit
l-h transport Sumatra. which left Table
Bay abuut Nov< tnber 15.
BOMBARDMEI\If OF
LADYSMITH KEPT UP
Sr-rl.il Cab!» to the New York M»ml.| Copy
rl*M., 101 by James Oordon Hennett I>
publication of this dispatch la prohibits.
All HKhtR reserved in the United State* and
• treat Britain ]
LONDON*.. Dec. 7 -The Dally Mai! pub
lishes the following- advices from Its cor
respondent. .O. \V. . Stevens, who Is with
Sir George White's, forces: . . .
LADYBMITH. Dee 1 (via Camp.
Monday. Dec. 4 -An Inspection of shells
fired from the Boers" big sun* on Lom
bard's Kop shows that this is a now gun
and not the original "Long Tom." This
confirms the story told to-day by two de
serters that a shell from our 4 7 naval
gun wrecked the "Long Tom" on Pep
worth's farm. An exploded charge blew
out the breech block and killed five men
The deserters also state that a field gun
was destroyed by the sailors' fir* and that
many of the Boers had been killed and
■rounded lately. ■
It Is partly confirmed by the growing
shyness of the enemy. One of our
battery commanders, wishing to empty
and clean his guns, Hr C <l on a group of
Boers the round of an automatic gun'
The shell fell 150 yards fhort, but the en
emy scuttled, deserting their guns
Yesterday a fifty-second shell ' landed
near tho hospital, whose walls windows
and roof now hang in rags. A shrapnel
shell pierced the roof and flung Its bul
lets among the 111 and wounded orderlies
It killed one und wounded seven others
SATURDAY Dec. 2.-Clear. good bom
barding weather. The Boers are taking
advantage of this and are especially
peppering the Gordons and Manchester^
and dropping a few shells in the town
Though every street is now pitted with
holes, It is astonishing the escapes that
are daily reported. A soldier escaped un
hurt although a shell passed so near him
that Its blast tore his shirt to ribbons
HEAVY BRITISH LOSS
IN SORTIE AT KIMBERLEY
[Special Cable to the New York Herald Codt
rlpfit. ISM. by James Cordon Bennett . Re
publication of . thta dispatch Is prohibited '
All rights reserved In the United States and
Oreat Britain.] •
LONDON. Dec. 7. -The special, corre
spondent of the Dally Telegraph sends
this dispatch: v . i ,
MODDSR RIVER. Saturday. Dec. 2.—
Colonel Scott-Turner made a sortie from
Kimberley on Tuesday. November 28. In
the direction of Carter's form. He beat
the Boers back and rushed their laager.
"The last defender. When the
Gordons and the Imperial Light
Horse finally reached the Boer bat
tery they found only one wounded
gunner waiting to receive them."
While leading the final attack Colonel
Scott-Turner was killed. Our total loss
was heavy, twenty-two being killed and
about twenty-eight wounded. No anxiety
is felt here for the safety -of Kimberley.
The Boers are occupying: kopjes be
tween here and Kimberley. They have
received reinforcements from the east. It
is reported that these men have come
from Natal. Kimberley la all right. We
are communicating with the town by
searchlight every night. There are Boer
spies about the camp. Some of them came
in an ambulance wagon with coffins yes
terday. The spies were arrested.
Our engineers are building a new tem
porary bridge over the river, the other
having been destroyed. Some naval guns
with lyddite shells are expected here
presently. Lieutenant Crispin of the
Northumberland h^usileers and one man
have been wound»d on patrol duty.
MAJOR SCOTT-TURNER
IS AMONG THE KiLL€D
LONDON, Dec. 6.— The War Office has
received the list of casualties during the
sortie from Kimberley November 2S, an
follows:
Killed— Major Scott-Tumor of the Black
Watcn; Lieutenant C. W. 'V right of the
Kimberley Light Horse, and twenty non
commissioned officers and men.
Wounded— Captain Waldeck, Lieuten
ants Clifford and Watson and twenty
eight non-commissioned officers and run.
SCHALKBERGER NOW IN
COMMAND OF THE BOERS
rKKTORIA. Saturday, Deo. 2 (via
Lourehso SCarques, ' Dec. •).— >
General Jouheii Is Indisposed and has .ir
rlved at Voterust, across the Trai
border, for medical treatment. A dispatch
from the n< ii>l laager, where <;
Bchalkberser is In command
during the absence of Qeneraj Joubert,
■anouncea that s council ol war was held
December * with reference to assa
Ladysmlth. The state attorney has -ir
rived at the <-amp to advise the B ten
MAJOR SCOTT-lURNHR
Of the Black Wntch. Killed
in a Sortie From Kimber
ley iNovember 28
commanders. Everything is quiet at
smith. Dispatches from the west
report that there was heavy artillery fire
during the afternoon of December 2. All
is quiet at Klmbcrley.
Comfortable houses hnve been erected
at Waterfall, ■ f*»w mtlee from Pretoria,
for the rank and file of the British prln.~n
erF. fount Devillp le Bios, a colonel In
the French army, has joined th«> Trans
vaal forces ;ia an authorized military at
tache.
BULLER SAYS BOER
LOSSES WERE HEAVY
LONDON, Dec. 6.— The "War Office ha»
received the following from General Bul
lcr::; *■ • • ": .
> "I'IETERMARITZBURC. Tuesday,
Dec. s.— lt is very difficult to make any
statement in regard to the enemy's Joss
For instance, at Belmont eighty-one of
their dead wore accounted for. The
enemy • gave. fifteen .as the number of
killed. There Is every reason to believe
that. the enemy's loss In the fight at
Lady smith. ' November 9. was over $00
killed and wounded. Information from a
GOVERNOR GAGE WILL
CALL AN EXTRA SESSION
Waiting for Sixty-Four Names
to Caucus Agreement.
Burns Touts in the Field With Their Old-
Time Boasts and Claims for the
Mexican's Chances.
WE. the undersigned, in case the Governor calls
an extra session of the Legislature, agree to go
into a caucus of not less than sixty-one and to abide by
the decision of said caucus.
We further apree to adjourn at such a time as the
Governor may designate.
When sixty-four signatures are append
ed tO the- foregoing agreement Governor
Gage will issue the proclamation calling
an extra session of the legislature. At-
semblyman 11. W. Miller of San Francisco
is handling the paper. Speaking to a fel
low-member whose signature he ■ought,
Miller said:
•I speak by authority when I »ay that
an extra session will be called. .Others
have said something of this kind, but I
come from the Governor direct and I
know that sixty-one names had been
signed up to last Saturday night. The
Governor wants sixty-four signatures."
Assemblyman Miller further stated that
the session would be called to legislate on
harbor improvements and street assess
ments. The Governor Is quoted by Miller
as saying: "I will not take snap judgment
on any of the candidates for United States
Senator, but In the. rail for th- extra ses
sion will give all the candidates plenty of
time to organise their forces."
Intense but subdued excitement prevails
among extra-session adherents. The be
lief that the matter la settled so. far as the
calling of the extra ■■—Inn Is concerned
Is so generally entertained that steps
have already been taken by interested
parties to engage accommodations at
Sacramento.
D M. Burns is an active advocate of tho
extra session plan. He told several of his
friends recently that he did not care to
be appointed United States Senator. Ha
knows that the Legislature which con
venes In regular session In January, 1901.
wlli be called upon to elect a Senator if
an extra session be not convened and a
Senator elected prior to that time. The
appoint nent under the most favorable
auspices cannot give title to the office for
a longer time than one year. Again.
Burns Is fully apprised of the fact that
ho could not secure a dozen supporters in
the Legislature if he were an avowed can
didate for United States Senator before
the pcoplo of California.'" Reasons why
the colonel is not necking appointment are
obvious to the dullest minded politician.
His only hope of securing Senatorial hon
ors, for a term of five years rest In an ex
tra session of the existing Legislature.
The touts who are now boasting in
whispers that the Colonel will win out
expect that success will be gained by
wholesale bribery, corruption and reckless
promises of patronage. They suspect that
the people— the great moral forces of the
State— will be aught ofT their guard, but
they will find before the extra session is
a day old that th» purpose of the honest
people of this State to shield the common
wealth from disgrace has grown stronger
every hour since th.- last session ad
journed.
The .statements freely circulated that
Burns has secured ■ sufficient number of
votes to control the proposed Republican
caucus are not warranted by th« facts.
it is extremely doubtful If be baa added
one vote to the strength of his column
since the Legislature adjourned. it is
said that Assemblyman Merrill has been
importuned frequently to promise his vote
for Burns. The story comes to The Call
that Burns Importuned in person, where
upon Merrill rejoined: "The people In my
district are opposed to your election."
Burns replied: "You don't have to live In
your district all the time, Jo you?"
Since Representative A. S. Crowder re
moved from San Diego ' to Spokane,
Wash., the Burns touts have been indus
triously circulating the report that ho no
longer cared for the opinion of th« San
Diego people, and at the extra session
would be found In the Burns camp. The
following dispatch from Spokane effect
ually settles all doubts as to Mr. Crow
d«-r's position He will be on hand and
will stand as true to his colon as when
he was a resident of the southern city.
SPOKANE. Dec. 6.— "1 shall certainly
attend an extra session of the California
Legislature if one is called." said A. 8.
Crowder. representative from San Diego,
who Is now In business In this city. "Will
I vote for Burns Well, during the last
session I led the tight for U. S. Grant Jr..
and know no reason why a change should
be made In my choice BOW."
Mr. Crowder has been here since Octo
ber J. He is at the head of ■ large com
pany handling California fruits on com
mission on ■ a large scale, and Is also
interested in real estate. A pool Including
U. S. Grant Jr. and other California] has
through Mr. Crowder Invested about 1100,
000 in Spokane real estate recently.
Assemblyman, Huber of Los Angeles Is
claimed by the tout- as a Burns rein
forcement by reason of Grant's retire
men I from the Held. There la some
ground for the Huber claim, as the As
semblyman stated that if hl- vote were
; needed to elect Burns he might throw It
to the colonel, but be did not ay that
Burns would be his choice In caucus.
Positive assurance has been given that
U. S. Grant Jr. Is out of the tig:, and
will stay out. Milton Green, who was
one of Grant's managers, says; "Mr.
Grant's name may go before the caucus
for a complimentary vote If an extra ses
sion hi called, but he has retired from
the content." Mr. Green's help in the
cause of Burns was recently solicited, but
it was not promised. Green has a score
to settle with the touts. It is fresh In his
mind that he was tortured and racked by
the . followers of . Burns, and It Is not
likely that he will permit his persecutors
to escape unpunished. The extra session
its bound to reveal some of the secret in
iquities of the session last winter. The
Call has taken advantage of the era of
peace to lay In a good supply of new am
munition.
It is definitely known that several Re
publican Senators and Assemblymen who
have refused to sign the caucus agree
ment will go Into the caucus to oppose-
trustworthy Boer source shows that at
Hlldyard's fight. November 23.' the enemy
lost thirty killed and 100 wounded. It Is
Impossible to say how far these numbers
are correct, but it is evident th. enemy
does not admit a t< nth of th.. losses suf
fered. Intercepted dispatches to Joubcrt
from a commander show that even the
official dispatches contain decldedlv inac
curate Information lii this respect.'*
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Burns or any other unworthy candidate,
provided an extra session Is called.
Men who have canvassed the field care
| fully m.-l- that Burns is weaker now
I than he was when the Legislature ad
: Journed. Several of his old-time support-
I ers have grown lukewarm and Indifferent.
They did not receive the recognition in
| the parceling out of State nutronaga
, which they had a right to expect. Mora
than one cold hrlck was passed to th«
Burns crowd, and the eh* of the corral
will surely find missing links of sympathy.
If- the extra session Is railed the anti
boss forces of the Republican par- from
all sections of the State will assenMo
at Sacramento to assist In the electMn
of ■ clean rran of character and intelli
gence to the- United States Senate. T.l©
anti-Burns forces will unite 'n some rep
utable m.m and the man of their choice
will be tlectcd. The election of D. 11.
Burns would mean the overthrow of th*
Republican party of California in the r«xt
Presidential campaign. Leaders of the re
form forces appreciate tho fact that the
Senatorshlp should be eliminated from
the Presidential contest and they nro
ready to «uj>tain In extra session the Mgh
mlnded members of the Legislature, who
saved the Ftat* from disgrace last win
ter. Th- may be others of tho JUson
Wright and Simpson <■• imp. but the crop
Is too small to help th. cause of bostUra
and boodle.
The touts E re boasting that Assembly
man Muenter of San Joaquln is ready to
enter the Burns corral. Tho rail Is as
sured by Mr. Mn.-nt.-r hlmselt that th*
people if Fan Joaquln County are op
posed to ! 'urns' election.
Senator Taylor Is also claimed by th«>
touts as a Burns recruit*. The Idea of tho
Alam- Senator betraying his constitu
ents Is preposterous. He values the re
spect and confidence of his friends uni
neighbors, and will ever be found on the
Hide of morality and derrney.
There will bo a mass-rne«t n * of the
reform forces In Oakland before the fight
is finished, and Senator Leavltt may bo
invited to attend.
Th« corruptlonists. by turtles of o>.
bauchery an.! bribery known to th»
bosses, may secure thirty-two votes for
Burns in the caucus, it may be necepted
as an assured fact that eljrhty-flvr Re
publicans will attend the caucus, and th«
bosses must got forty-three to obtain con
trol. The Judgment of the clearest mind
ed politicians of the State Is that Burns
can never get th. required number
The latest Intelligence * r ,,m New York
is that C. P. Hunting-ton Is resolved to
continue his support of the Mexican \p
peals were recently made to him In behalf
or M. 11. do Young, but he refused to en
tertain th. overtures, although Mr. .]♦»
Young was on the ground to meet him
with an olive branch la hl~ as a flag pole.
Mr. -i. room was at Mr. HuntlngMn's
house la New York from the middle of
the afternoon until nearly midnight. An
he wa» about to take hln leave Mr. Hunt-
Ington said to him: "I know that jrpu aro
a good man. Mr de Young. 1 have al
ways known that. Yoti are good enough
for United States Sen.itor. but not tha
right man for this trip."
Before leaving this city for N«>w York
Mr. de Young made known his porpoia
to visit Bpejrer & Co.. the organizers of
the big syndicate which recently pur
chased Southern Pacific strck. He laid
his plans In advance to Interview jh.>
Sptyers on the Senatorial contest In this
State and arranged In the event of suc
cess in reaching for Southern Pacific In
fluence through the syndicate to npprlso
a prominent man hen by telegraph. The
"prominent man" has not yet received iho
! telegram, but privnte litters have been
received which ray that <\ P. Iluntlngtnn
would not consent to the proposed politi
cal deal.
Perhaps Mr. Huntlngton. through the
channels of the law department, may con
tinue to give Burns the moral support of
the Southern Pacific. To this the good
people of California will not demur. All
1 that this State asks In the name of fair
dealing is that the corporation shall with
hold Its Immoral support. If Hunttngr m
knew how the touts cursed him last win
ter for not coming to Burns' aid with
plenty of coin he would understand th«
situation In the Burns corral much better
than Herrtn ever understood it.
GAGE IS TALKING.
Says That He Has Heard From
National Leaders of the
Republican Party.
LOS AJfOKLKf De* •? With the re
turn • ige to his bosae here
Interest In potttlcal circlet haa received *
sudden impuis.
the extra session talk. «otitr.ir> to his
former custom • i .
fr. c.l .in t « i,.
biiiti' . . : -i n extra si
commit himself for publ
will he admit thai
be < ■ - r he confesses that he in
being Importun.d hv th- national leaders
of the Republican ;>arty to assist lv filling
the senatorial vacancy.
Those Wl as to current
events are gleeful, as they take this as sn
admission that suAdeni power win b«
bromghi to bear utK>n the ex<
th.it i will follow th« par
ti- r- • . Llndley, an old-time boa
nlsht [efl for Baei I
he would t>e in Ba< ! . r : > * at ■ Buraa
during the e» !
will i !•■! Wh> n such a session
d It simply will be :i ra\
Kur:
TO DETEND PRETORIA.
LISBON, Dee. «. — Two Russian
I colon v French central and a French
colonel, who have been ensajted by Dr.
!.»■>.! to assist In the defense of Pre
toria, left to-day for I^iurenxo Marques.
They were escorted to the steamer by the
secretary of the French legation her*.2
PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE
CARRIES JOY TO CUBANS
Exuberant Delight of the Islanders
Over the Promise of Inde
pendence.
■
■
: .
.
-
■
not a
■
■
■
re
■
FRENCH PRESS FINDS
MUCH TO APPROVE
■
■
■
In
■
na
■
Tho T.ibfrte Ffivs: "We cannot but con
gratuial** OUnelVea on "the srooi feeling
Mown toward us by President McKlnley.
Frnnce is nlwnys ready to promote com
ra<Tco nnd industry between the two're-
Jlul'llCK."
Th*» Journal de* Debats nr>tes that
Pr«>*l<l»»nt McKlnley relteraf-s that the
traditional policy of the T'nite.i States
Is to avoid alliances ar.d places •'! the
powers on the same footing. The pnpor
<Vflims that. If nnything; ho selects
France and Germany for th<» kindllost
refcrrrioes. C<">nt!r.-.i!ng the Journal de«»
Debate r.ays: "Wo en mot but be. touched !
DT President McKlnley's allusion to the
Viiforfc 11^-s betwv«n France and the
T'r.ltO'! Ptatr«. which hnvo never beon In
tcrrur-'ed. H!« were not m»-re words of
courtly, but r«-al truth. Th^re never ex-
Irted the ullrhtest <\> «!ro f.ir hopillHio?
wh.it«»v«r may hive been f.iH during the
Fpanlsh-AiTirriran war. which were mere
ly pf-*» criticisms occn*!nnallv carried
too frir. Tn order to un<ler«t«nd one an
oiher th« tWi-i n:it|ons ought to have much
mutual InOulrcnco and good will. Tho
opportunity f^r the oxorcls^ r>T the last
namM Is at tho prment tnoment In the
Fubmittal of tho Franco-American con
ventloii in both phrllamentp. We m.iv
have hope that the protectionists at
WnsMrurton -*111 not srlvn It a bad r«-cep
tlun find that our Deputies and Senators
v.ill Tmt prevent by their blindness the
conclusion r 'f an agreement pn precious to
our .-itnlcable relations with the United
Ptatc« "
GERMAN GOVERNMENT
AND PEOPLE PLEASED
....
■
<
■
wcr»'
:..• nil>ers of
i^tlon.
Emperor William. It Is reliably reported,
had v long consultation this afternoon
■with Count, von Bulow. the Foreign Min
ister, and hf expressed ' hlmfclf as very
much pleased with president McKlnley's
attitude toward (J( rniany. It Is reported
that his Majesty discussed the beet node
of giving ofllclal volc'e to the feelings of
the crown ar.d the «invcrnment. In any
event, on December 1". the day ftxed for
the ftr.^t reading of the budget. Count yon
liulow will oplze thr opportunity of Know
ing (icrmany'H high appreciation of the
friendly tone of the mtb-sige. Late this
nftcinonn Count vnn Uulc.w -authorized
the Associated Press correspondent In
lterlin to Ktnd to the United Slates the
following as his impression of the mes
sage:
"Count yon Hulow reßardn tho message
as an enunciation, memorable In the de
vlopnu'tit of German-American friend
ship. The warm tone in which the Presi
dent ;,. ..!-.••■ of r, vr mutual relations has
cxatru hi re the lie*t Imprwslon and one
may he Btirf that thy sympathies exhibited
DT the PrcrldYnt for Germany are here
sincerely redprooued. Politically; every
thing Utween the two countries "is aerene
and th< re is nothing that disturbs the en
tente cordiale. Economically considered
the contents .ir.fl torn.- «■: th<- ni<i*- t f:t}
strengthen the hope- that the I'nltod.
Stnte», with ilulr increa^inc export* to
Germany, will givf« fair cQnces&ons to
German trade and that iho reciprocity ne«
pntlations will be funb< r conducted in a
friendly spirit tn a pood end.' 1 .-
The prefH particularly 1 r<\Mkvs nt th*
• nnouixtnnem refcnrdlnK nlllances. dcsptle
xrinny previous uuMjveratlons to, the same'
effect- The penjl-<.fllclaJ Hcrliner lv»si
says: "PrfFldent McKlnley haa put a eton
to Fuch rumors und enei<ses and has
placed- tn -lieu nf fiction the solid fact that
th«* relations betw«-en the United States
and the German empire are nt iho most
cordial character. Ills messaKiv will not
fnll to produce by Its pacific tone the
best effects everywhere, and not least tn
Germany. Formerly we were accustomed
to meet everywhere a broad. Inimical at
titude toward our colonltlnff effort*, but
President McKlnley'n words Indicate that
Jie know* and appreciates Germany's cul
tural mission and li« ready to nwtßt."
The Voßsisehe Zeltunjr says; ."JSxparlenee
has taujrht us. nlthuuch we Krateiullv ac
knowledge the present warm ton«: ai Pres
ident McKmUy. that I nele Kam Is as
Quick to hnt« as to love, and t<»<> />ften in
the past he has allowed himself • to-be
prejudiced npalnst us by his cuusln Oil
till* Bide of the Atlantic."
Discussing the meat problem, the Vos
slschoZo'tuncwelcomes the proposed com
mission of experts. Inferring that this will
be In the Interest of cheaper meal and
food here, and welcomes Uso the con
tinuance, of friendly relations with the
United States.
Tlie IVrliner Tageblatt, which dlrcusses
the message eonlldcntly In Its ecor. MticaJ
aspects, concludes as follows: "We heart*
ily Join in the wish that this fair spirit
may dominate In the treatment of all con
troversial joints, which will show that
a genuine eifort Is being made to regulate
German -American relations."
The Boerven Courier says: "It Is sig
nificant that a President's message, prob
ably for the first time, should devote so
jiiiich space to foreign affairs. The Im
provement In German-American relations
Is largely attributable to the skill of
fount vu>] Bulow."
The Word l>eutsche Allgemelne Zeltung
ana th<» KoLnlsche /.• [tuns briefly record!
their satU faction with the message. The
Kreuz Zcitung. the Deutsche Tare* Zel
tunc and the Staatsburger /• Itung cx
i press Joy that the alleged alliance does
not exist.
The Hoersen ZMtung says: "We can
unrestraii.c-dly declare our satisfaction,
hoping that times will not return when
American policy will plide Into paths that
lead into unnatural discord between the
two nations."
The Tost expresses great satisfaction
that President McKinley "openly showed
his anpioclation cf Germany's efforts at
co.onization and recognized the strength
of her cninnizing influence, adding:
"President McKiniey's kindly words llnd
a Joyful echo In Germany."
Herr Rnnh in the Nation says: "The
most important thing in the message for
the economic interests of th<? world Is th.i
proposition to put the United Slates more
Muarely on the gold standard. It Is the
last kick of bimetallism."
The National Z.'itung says: "President
McKinley s words In referring to Ger
many plainly shows favorable revulsion
of sentiment toward us. In Germany the
friendly words of the American President
will b^ appreciated at their full value.
Germany also earnestly desires to main
tain tne best relations with the United
States and the full loyalty and friend
ship in economically competing."
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Treasury Department Officials Accept
the Stevens Site for the Oak
land Building.
WASHINGTON. Dec 6.— Continual de
lay In the selection of the site for the
Oakland public building caused Senator
Perkins and Representative Metcalf to
call upon the Treasury ■'•::••:.■ offi
cials to-day and urge them to reach an
agreement at once. The treasury officials
after a consultation decided on the Stev
ens site. They liked the Bacon property,
but decided against II on the ground that
it was not on ■ business thoroughfare.
"I am glad the matter is determined
without further delay," said Representa
tive Metcalf to-night, "and propose to do
all I possibly can to have the department
ativc-rtis* for bids at once."
Suiator Perkins and Representative
Metcalf will insist that the best possible
material be used in the construction of
this building and that Oakland men will
get the contracts is hoped by both.
Representative Kahn to-day called on
the Supervising Architect of the Treas
ury relative to the sewer connection be
tween Odd Fellows' Hall and the new city
PostolHce in San Francisco. He says the
Treasury Department officials are very
friendly toward the proposition asked,
that the sewer now running through Sev
enth street be allowed to empty into the
Government main. All that the directors
of the Odd Fellows 1 Hall will have to do
Is to make formal application to the
Tr.-a.sury Department. This will save a
great expense to the Odd Fellows of San
Francisco.
The California delegation probably will
reomm-'iid to one ot the officers of the
House for a position tin re H. }'. Mitcnell
of Fresno, now minute clerk cf the Cali
fornia Legislature. Mr. NV-edham. who is
especially interested in this tight, is mak
ing every eflort in his behalf.
J Relnhold was to-day appointed Post
master at Point Reyes, Mann County,
vice <J. C. Skinner, resigned; also John
R. Thurmond at Serena, Santa Barbara
County, vice Frank Smith, resigned.
Frajik P. Flint of California was to-3ay
admitted to practice belor« the Supreme
Court.
John J. Hughes has been appointed let
t< r-carritr at San Francisco, vice A . H.
Mullery. detailed to the military postal
service; F. \V. Clark, letter-carrier at Bull
FraJiti.NOo. baa been transferred to bajita.
Uusa. and F. IV. Link from Santa I- j.-u.
to San Francisco.
Victor Peiuaon has been appointed surf
miin at the Golden Gate Pane life-saving
■tatlon.
Army orders— By direction of the As
sittant Secretary of War Post Quarter
muster Sergeant Albert Kalb, now sup
posed to be In the general hospital at the
Presidio. San Francisco, from the Philip
pine Islands, will report to the command
11.c officer of the Presidio for duty. Act
ing Assistant Surgeon Frank J. O'Hara Is
relieved from further duty at Fort Myer
and will procwd to San Francisco. First
Lieutenant Harry 11. Stout, ordnance de
partment, now on duty us assistant at
iicnlcla, Cal.. will proceed to and take
Ftation at • the works of the California
, Powder Company. Santa Cruz, and enter
upon duty as Inspector of powder and to
i supervise the manufacture of gun cotton
required ihenefor at the high explosive
works of (he same company at Pinole,
Cal. Private Herman P. M. yon Mliler.
hospital corps, now at th»* Presidio, is
transferred to Buttery O. Third Artillery.
Captain Henry H. Stiles, assistant, sur
geon. Is relieved "from further duty at
Bc-nieln Barracks, and will proceed .to
Madison Barracks. Post Quartermaster
Berguant James R. GHlespie. Havana, will
lx» sent to the Presidio. San Francisco.
Pensions for Callfornlans— Original—
Henry E. Carson. Veterans* Home, Napa.
$6; Hugh Vance, Isleton, $10; John Gallo
way. Downey, $S; John W. Hooper, Co
lusa. JG; Peter Lambert, Shingle, W.
Original widows', etc.— Bertha Jahn, San
Francisco. 112; Mary Wallace. Santa Rosa,
$<!. Mexican war survivors— Setn. B. R.
Tubbft. Pasadena, $8. : . .
Oregon— Original— Wilson Rlttenhouse.
Oregon City., tS. " .' ' "•
Washington— lncreases-Benjamin F. Ne
servey. Centralla. $(> to "SB. ■ •
YOUNG WOMAN ADMITS
SHE STOLE HORSES
Sentenced to One Year and Her Male
Companion to Two Years
in Prison.
Dec « -Pora Cole, a
yoUBK woman. tn-<if!v pleaded guilty to
• ritonred to one
penitentiary William Ter
■kiii!-. hi-T companion, wan sentenced to
;. . :irs T<>r th»» «amo offence.
HIGHBINDER BULLETS FLY.
Attempt Made to Kill Ah You in San
Jose.
RAN JOSE. Dec. 6.— Another, shooting
occurred In Sixth street, Chinatown, to
: nlKht. the Intended victim being Ah You.
li member of .the Hip StnK Tonß. ; it is
supposed thai' the'shootlnjj'was- done by
Tin ml ■ r« -the AVonsr family, hut they
escaped from the scene before there waa
any chance, to >, i them, bo there Is lit.—
tle hope of arrestlnc or Identifying them.
Ah You escaped unhurt, although at
least ten shots were fired at him. The
fhootlng caused much alarm and excite
ment among the Chinese;
PRIMA DONNA WEDS A TITLE.
Marriage of Baron de Bush and
i • Pauline Joram. .
LONDON, Dec, C— Baron de Bush and
Pauline : Joram. the American prima
donna;: were married to-day at St. Mar
garefs Church. Westminster. ,\ -^
L«4l*«' taJinr-mad* «utt». fur eapea, cloaks.
Cr*d.'t. M. RoUißchlia, m Port at. • "
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1899.
ANGLOMANIA LEADS
TO CHURCH STRIFE
Sausalito Congregation Engaged
in a Genuine Terr)pest in a
Teapot Warfare.
SAt'SAMTO. Doc. 6.— The members of Christ Episcopal dwell, which
has enrolled among Its communicants a goodly number of persons belonp
inc to the ultra-fashionable set, lave evidently forgotten the admonition of
th.-ir divine leader to found their faith upon the rock of peace and are en
•(1 n the throes of civil war— a genuine tempest-in-a-toapot upheaval—
which threatens to necessitate tnc services of Bishop Nichols as arbitrator.
Anglomania Is the cause of the strife, so a majority of the members declare
nnd such Is the antipathy felt by them toward what they roeard as a
mild foim of snobbery that they hr.ye "done politics" in the effort to defeat
the alleged Anglomaniacs.
This wire-pulling m successful— only too successful for the sake of har
mony—nnd the fashionable set have aired tholr grievances by a proclamation
that they intend to draw the afToir to the attention of Bishop Nichols on ac
cour.t of political methods which 'hey think would have done honor to the
late Bora Buckley.
It is the old story of the "hill tribe" arrayed against the "water front"
In a new form. Instead of politics and poolrooms this time It Is a religion
difficulty In which politics has already played an Important* factor. The
eW-ment, represented by Town Trustee Crumpton. Constable John
X Creed. K. D. Sparrow and others, assort that the aristocratic contingent
desired an English choir, an English organist and last, but not least, an
English paster. The question of a pastor proved tho bete noire of their dif
ferences. Rev. William Hamilton, the present pastor, was good enough for
tho "pl»»bs " and they worked hard to retain l:im.
At the annual election held last evening at the church rival tickets for
new directors were placed in the field. The "hill tribe" had an entire new
llHt of proposed directors, and their opponents the same old "solid nine." The
"water front" division "won out" by a fair majority. Mrs Sperry, wife of the
flmir magnate, then set up the claim that the list of eligible voters had been
swelled by the addition of a number of children— that the "p!«bs" had stuffed
the great regiptor of the churrh. Pastor Hamilton stated that only three
children had voted and that their votes would be withdrawn. Mrs. Sperry
was still dissatisfied and announced her Intention of asking Bishop Nichols
to take due copnizance of the situation.
As mutter.-; now stand the ol<* board Is declared regularly elected and -will
see to it tl Hamilton \h>- old choir and the present organist are
retained. It Is asserted by nna at the members that the reason for the at
tempt to accomplish a eh ing* of pastors Is due to the fact that the eldest
daughter of John E. Shoobert of the Shoobert-Beale Company is soon to
marry a young English minister, and the desire of the ultra-fashionables
was to see him installed as the head of the church.
CEREMONIES OF
GOLDEN JUBILEE
Programme of Events
Now Completed.
PLANTING OF MEMORIAL TREE
WILL STAND NEAR THE OLD
STATE CAPITOL SITE.
Representation of the Inauguration
of the First Governor Will Be
One of the Most Inter
esting Features.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 6.-The Golden Jubilee
rations have assumed such shape a«
to guarantee a royal time for the thou
who will attend. The closing of
fifty years of Statehood will be a historic
event. For lour duys beginning Decem
tlie festivities will continue Pio
neer*, forty-niners and Native Sons from
all ovt the State will be present. An
excursion train will bring the New Eng
land Society of California Pioneers to this
city on December 19. From all over the
a special low railroad rate has been
secured, and the committee estimates
will be at least 8,000 visitors in the
city during the celebration.
Mayor ilartin Is chairman of the. cen
eral committee and Alex P. Murgotten
ir%. The K'-nt-ral celebration pro
gramme is In charge of Major E. A. Sher
man of Oakland, and the local entertain
ments will be under the direct supervision
f Mrs. E. O. Smith of this city.
On December 20 the anniversary of the
semi-centennial of the inauguration of
Statehood, the jubilee festivities open by
the planting of a gigantea sequoia as a
memorial tree in the City Hall Park
within a few feet of where the first State
Capitol stood. Mayor Martin will preside
at the exercises, which will be attended
by city and county officials and prominent
pioneers and Mexican war veterans from
all over the State. Professor C. H. Allen
will read a poem on that occasion.
In the afternoon there will be exercises
.at the Auditorium enacting the scenes
attendant upon the inauguration of the
first Governor. Peter H. Burnett, and the
opening of the first State Legislature.
California will be represented by Miss
Alma M. Cutler of San Francisco, grand
daughter of General Mariano Guadeloupe
Valk-jo. Her maids of honor will be Miss
Anita Emparan. Miss I.ola Haraszthy.
Miss Kathalls llarazthy of Sonoma Coun
ty, Miss Francises \ allejo of Solano
County and Miss Julia Leese of Monterey
County.
The proceedings of the first Legislature
will follow. The blessing will be offered
by Rev. S. H. Willey. who was chaplain
of the first constitutional convention.
Hon. E. H. Tharp. who was the first
clerk of the Assembly of the State, will
assume the rart he had at that proceed
ing. Major Sherman will read the procla
mations and the urns of the first Slate
election, held November 13, IM9. Hon. J.
F. Howe, the first clerk of the State
Senate, will have that jmrt in the pcei.e.
Judge J. L% Rhodes will represent JudKe
K. 8. Dlmmlck. who administered the
oaths to the first Senators and Assembly
men. Hon. Dwight J. Burnett will take
the place of his father, Hon. Peter H.
Burnett, In the Inaugural. A bust of the
first Governor will be unveiled by his
grandson. Peter H. Burnett, and his
granddaughter. Miss Harriet Burnett, and
the grandchildren of General Vallejo will
offer tributes of laurel and flowers to this
memorial and one of General Vallejo. Tn«
STt D^o U ! TS ,![ 3 '° 9 years) ' BLOUSE SUITS ( 4 t0 10 y ears )' SINGLE and D BLE BREASTED (VEST) ■—
than cfiVn° * earS) ' Nothing like them can possibly be bought in the usual retail way for less K4££j§W
man $6.50 to $7.50. First-class,' purely all-wool goods; this season's best styles and colorings. IfZ^l^
WSXX'SJS*^ OFOIVnRPQS
out of your way-down IV^o ""* w!LJt m^emi^s^oi^ «§>JP
' 's net. M a dj. .W "I I I^IW — "Direct from Mill to Man." Xjft^ Jfia&
121-123 SANSOME~^REET '<|F- Near Plne-at the Blue Signs.
Inaugural address of Governor Burnett
will be read by his son, 1 "wight J. Bur
nett.
Hon. K. W. McKinstry will be the ora
tor of the day. General Thomas C. Ket
urn. one of the three last surviving on
cers of Colonel J. D. Stevenson '■ regiment
or volunteers, will recount his last inter
view- with Secretary of War W. L. Mar
cy before leaving for the West. There
wll ' be a Presentation of medals to tie
California volunteers of the Spanlsn-
m £ rlc > a n and Filipino wars by veterans
of the Mexican War, assisted by San Jose
\V, r i" r> Native Daughters of the Golden
Acting Governor Dwight J. Burnett will
then announce the appointment of Henry
*■ . uilllams as Secretary of State, who
will represent Hon. William Van Voor
hies, and John W. Ryland as private sec
retary to :< present his father, Hon. C. T
Kyland.
The following first State officers will bo
represented by the following prominent
pioneers: William A. January, State
Treasurer representing Hon. William Ro
man: John I. Spear, State Controller
c, e nV r^ ei \V n ,?,i lon - John S. Houston; Bam
uel^\ Holliday. Attorney General, as X
J. C. Kewen: General Thomas C. Ketch
um. Adjutant General, ns O. T. R Per
Lee: Colonel A. W. yon Schmidt, Survey
or General, as Charles J. Whitney: Alas
P. Murgotten, State Printer, as H H
Robinson; Aylett R. Cotton, Chief Jus
tice of the Supreme Court, as S. c Hast
ings; Lawrence Archer. Associate Jus
tice, as Henry A. Lyons; A. J. Bucki.s.
Associate Justice, as Nathaniel S. Ben
nett.
On December 21 there will be a grand
street parade with floats representing
pioneer times, and the following day will
be devoted to early California games and
sports.
Saturday visitors will be afforded a trip
to Mount Hamilton and other points about
in** cou my.
ARGUING KENTUCKY'S
ELECTION CONTEST
Republican and Democratic Oratory
Hurled at the State
Commission.
FRANKFORT. Ky.. Dee. 6.-The flood-
Kates of oratory were opened promptly
when the Election Commissioners took
their seats to-day, and it rolled on for
hours, with a brief intermission at noon
The Republican speeches were longer and
more elaborate than those of the Demo
crats, who apparently are saving as much
as possible of their time for Judge Harris
Of Louisville, who to-morrow makes the
great argument for Goebel.
D. W. F. Fairleigh of Louisville made
the opening statement for the Republi
cans. R F. Peak of Shelbyville perform
ing: c a similar office for th Democrats.
A. E. Wilson of Louisville spoke next for
the Republicans. Louis McQuowen of Shel
by vine replying for the Democrats II if
Humphreys of Louisville was put down
for the close of Republican arguments
and a general summing up of the case
Judge Harris doses to-morrow. The ar
guments were carried on during the day
in the greatest possible harmony.
The Senate chamber was jammed to suf
focation by an Interested throng of lis
teners. There was not a policeman any
where around the building, nor was there
the slightest need of one.
DR. ANDREWS INSANE.
Malady the Result of a Nervous
Collapse.
PA^TFTr QROVB. Her. 6— Rev. Dr. An
drews, formerly of Pan .Toce. hut of late
;<n Inmate >>f the Tennant Old People's
Hqm< • tins plarr>. h.-came suddenly in
sane yesterday morning. an<l leaving the
home attempted tv go to San PYandsco
An attendant followed him and succeeded
in getting him to return to the home
where he was placed under surveillance'
He will be removed to San Jose this week
for treatment.
The mental trouble Is said by the phy-
Biclans to be the culmination "of a nerv
oub collapse which began several months
ago with a slight paralytic stroke, and
* JP elleved to be only temporary. Dr.
Andrews was for a number of years as
«";t*iated in pastoral work in Ban Jose
with Rev. Mr. Dlnsmore.
FILIPINOS ARE FAR
FROM BEING CONQUERED
American Army Practically Consists
of 111 -Fed Men Waging a
Guerrilla Warfare.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by
James Qordon Bennett.
MANILA, Dec. 6— The hope of ending
the Insurrection and halting military
operations in the Philippines, which
seemed bo bright a few days ago, has
again faded into an uncertain futuro.
Much has been accomplished. During
the last few weeks the campaigning has
been almost phenomenal.
In dreadful weather, through a devas
tated country, across swollen rivers,
along roads that wero impassible for
wagons, artillery, and in some cases for
cavalry, the advance of troops has been
so rapid and In so many directions that
thf\v have often been beyond military
telegraph lines, and operations have ne
cessarily been independently conducted by
the fleid commanders. The army Is right
fully j^roud.
The Insurgents have had a series of
routs and disasters. The slaughter has
been great. They have lost a large quan
tity of supplies and munitions of war and
more than one thousand of their
armed mm have surrendered or been cap
tured during their retreats in the
few weeks. Their government has been
scattered or captured. What of it is at
liberty is in Jli«lu. A portion of Aguin
aidos family is in our lines. Agulnaldo
himself is a fugitive.
Notwithstanding all these things there
Is no reason for an extreme optimistic
view of the situation. Notning more is
heard of having the rebellion stamped out
in the course of a few days. That sort
of talk only lasted while the insurgent
leaders were slipping away last week.
Field commanders now think that the end
is still af.ir.
It Is admitted that little is definitely
known or' the present strength or
whereabout! of the insurgents. Akujii
aldo'a entire army ia estimated at mmi
twenty to thirty thousand arrm-.i men.
scattered through the islands. 1 hire are
Ain.-ricm BOldlen DOW in the Philip
pines, 35,000 lining in Luzon. Thet
already so greatly scattered by recent op
eratlom, with the exception of those in
Maniln. where 12,000 are cuncentrated,
that they Mem like a mere handful. Still
we hold less than one-third of the area of
Luzon. l>ut what we have la not desir
able territory.
Indications are that Agiiinaldo escaped
to the north with a much !arg<r bod;, .f
troopa than was at first Mipposed This
force, reported at from 20u0 to 3UOO men,
was originally recruited in the northern
provinces, and the men are reputed to be
& 1 lightera.
Not one of our columns is in direct con
tact with the enemy. It is a game of hi«io
and peek and a weary game It la. Here
is a statement of the movements of the
various field commanders:
General Young, with his small force of
1 1 rt-< 1 int>n and animals, 1? slowly follow
ing the Insurgents Into the mountains to
ward Banguetl and has not been heard
from for a wrk.
<;i!tain James. B Erwin, with the
Fourth Cavalry, Is supposed to be holding
Bayombong in Nueva Vizcaya. There U
no information as to what insurgents are
In the northern valley
Oneral Lawton is coming south toward
San Isidore, whence he will push his col
umn directly south on San Miguel and
Norzagong to meet the American column
GAGE'S FAVORITE
PLANS ADOPTED
Successfully Crowded
Out Competition.
♦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 6.— has Just de
veloped that the State Capitol Commis
sioners, composed oft Governor Gage,
Treasurer Reeves and Secretary of State
Curry, have' decided upon plans for the
Governor's mansion authorized by the
last Legislature to be built in the rear
of the State Capitol, at a cost of $40,000.
It will be recalled that after the bill be
came a law Governor Gage, without ad
vertising for plans as the law directed.
and without offering a premium for com
petitive designs as provided for in the
act. consulted a linn of architects in his
home town of Los Angeles, and with the
aid of his wife decided upon the kind of
a house he desired to have himself and
which all the future Governors of the
State must live In.
No doubt the Governor, whose will dom
inates the Capitol commission, would
bare had this house built without more
ado but for the opposition of State Con
troller <"oigan. who maintained that he
could not <ir.'iw warrants for the work
unless plans were advertised for as con
templated by law. In this contention he
was sustained by the Attorney General.
The Governor, finding that he could not
proceed contrary to law, after much de
lay called a meeting of the Commission
ers, it was decided to advertise for bids.
Inn as no premiums were offered, none
Ol iln first-la-:- architects of the State
considered it worth while to expend sev
eral hundred dollars in the preparation
of drawings. Among local architects,
n<me of whom bestirred themselves In the
matter, it was common talk that the only
plans to be submitted would be those
first made at the instance of Gage. These
predictions were not far astray, for the
only plans submitted were those first ob
tained by the Governor and those of an
other I^os Angeles firm of architects.
The Capitol Commissioners met and
adopted the original Gage plans, and bids
have been advertised for the construction
of the residence on those lines. Consider
able complaint has been made because of
moving eastward from Bocad. It Is his
intention to drive the rebel general. Pllar.
Into the region north of the lake.
General Wheaton is in Tayug. Most of
his troops in the vicinity are garrisoning
nearby towns.
General Mac Arthur 13 on the railroad at
Bayombonjc.
Colonel Bell Is following westward Into
the mountains the remnants of General
Alejandrlno's troops, estimated at 2SOO
men.
Hurt Is moving with a small command
from O'Donnell westward over the moun
tains to Iba on the coast.
General Grant Is moving from Florida
Blanca southward to B:ilanga. Bataan
Province. Cavito Province will be the
seat of an active campaign when enough
troops arrive to shut oft all avenues of
escape, unless an unexpected surrender
occurs.
All the 65.000 American troops will be
easily absorbed In active campaigning
and garrisoning.
The army cannot continue Its present
exertions another month with the poor
food found In the country without much
illness. It is the general opinion that the
live known Insurgent organizations, of
more than 2000 men each, will at the pres
ent rate be disintegrated Into guerrilla
bands within thirty days.
It la the Impression of the military
authorities that 20,000 men will be suffi
cient to garrison Luzon a few months
heni;e.
Field officers and others Insist, however,
that unless the natives surrender their
arms Luzon must be garrisoned town by
town, while protection must be guaran
teed to the natives now "on the fence"
until a reaction In favor of the Americans
begins.
WASHINGTON. Dec. -General Otis
to-day cabled the War Department that
he has had no word from General Younir
for a week. This is taken to Indicate that
Young is continuing his hot pursuit of
Aguinaldo and probably la In a country
where he regards it as unsafe to use
couriers. General Otis' dispatch, which
follows, also gives an official account of,
Lieutenant Colonel Parker's engagement
at Vigan:
"MANILA, Dec. 6.— General Young, with
thirteen companies of infantry and nine
troops of cavalry, not heard from since
29th ult. He was then about twenty miles
south of Vigan. and most of the troops
were marching to his support, but he then
had with him three troops of cavalry. A
battalion of the Thirty-third Infantry was
sent by boat to Vigan to reinforce the
navy there.
"Lieutenant Colonel Parker of the
Forty-tlfth reports from Vigan on the
6th inst. that he has not heard from
Young for a week. The Insurgents. 800
strong, made an attack on Parker's force
consisting of n Company and 1."*3 sick and
footsore men of the Thirty-third Infantry.
at 4 o'clock on the morning of the 4th.
entering the city in the darkness. Severe
street fighting ensued and continued for
four hour«. when the enemy was driven
out. leaving behind forty dead, thirty-two
prisoners. including many officer- and
eighty-four rifles. They are now on the
outskirts entrenching. Parker says he
can hold out indefinitely, having plenty of
rations and ammunition His loss was
eight enlisted men- killed and three
wounded. One hundred and sixty men are
now being transported from San Fabian
to his relief. Young must be In the vicin
ity with a large force."
the refusal of the Governor to permit a
full and free competition with prizes for
the best plans. Th- State Capitol is a
magnificent structure, built upon classic
principles, and. much as Saeramentans
desire to have the mansion, they would
doubtless prefer to have none at ail than
to have one which would be out of har
mony with the main building, to which
It is to be so close.
It 'nay he that the Los Angeles plans
will drove satisfactory, but It is anrued
that In a matter of the kind the Governor
Should not have been provincial but
should have encouraged the best archi
tects in San Francisco and elsewhere to
submit designs for a structure that Is ex
pected to prove a lastinp ornament to the
beautiful park In which it Is to occupy
next to the Capitol the most prominent
place.
HITCHCOCK MAY BE
HAYWARD'S SUCCESSOR
Governor Poynter Refuses to Discuss
the Matter Until Alter the
Funeral.
OMAHA. Dec. 6.— Ever since the late
Senator Hayward was taken sick and It
wn« known that the chances were against
his recovery there has been considerable
talk as to whom Governor Poynter would
appoint to the vacancy. The only ones
prominently mentioned are ex-Senator
Allen and G. M. Hitchcock, editor of the
Omaha World-Herald. The Democrats
are urging the appointment of the latter
on the ground that they have not re
ceived their proportion of the offices under
the fusion deals of the past few ypar.i
They also urge that the next Legislature
which must permanently fill the vacancy
will have two Senators to select, the Hay
wards successor and one to succeed Sena
tor Thurston. whose term expires one year
from next March. The Populists insist
upon the naming of ex-Senator Allen It
was reported that Allen had stated that
he did not desire the appointment, but a
telegram from him denies this. The
Populist members of Congress from
Nebraska hay*» wired Governor Poynter
urging Mr. Allen's appointment and this
has been supplemented by telegrams from
thp Populist and free silver Senators from
other states and some of the Congress
men.
Governor Poynter refuses to publicly
discuss the matter until after the funeral
of Senator Hayward. The funeral of the
late Senator will be held at Nebraska
City to-morrow afternoon.
POPE LEO ILL.
ROME. Dec. 6-The Pope Is confined to
his bed by a serious cold. All receptions
have been indefinitely postponed.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
How's This ?
jgo!S^\ Better than
> i <> W« mA medicines
g4Mfi^gKri2fjflat-C>l »_•
V^MaV / com " me^»
\^^JwV*3 306 4th Arcnne.
xSj^S^ New York City.
Aug. 27, \iy>
DtTFT Malt Whiskey Co.:
Dear£irs: Ha ring '..- A yonr Malt \Mnikryfot
the last three months. I consider (in my case) It
entitled ,to the merit which it claim.*, and accord-
ingly recommend It to my friendi. and shall en::
tlnue to. It just fills the place of all medlcin.-
heretofore taten collectively, and hence chcai«-
without dancer to the system, which persistent
use of medicines necessarily inTolvts. But m;
object In writing you U that you will kindly icri.
to the above address your "Book of Information."
so as to improve its use in regard to disease, and
you will greatly oblige yours already benefited.
C. Davis.
Corernnent stamp mark* the £•"'•■»•. Druftrtsts u«u«!!y
i-'.: it. If yotiM dor* not. a bottle will be tent you. prepatJ,
for }i i tix far 55. Write for i t-t- ,t:r < book.
Duffy If alt Whiskey Co., Rochester, K. T.
Gifts for _
if ts for
Christmas!
The assortment of goods we have on
exhibition suitable for Christmas n «
comprise every desirable article that
years of experience could suggest.
An Inspection of the different depart-
ments will aid your Christmas buying
and at the fame time prove of Interest.
We Invite your attention to the following:
Cut-glass Jardiniere*
Art Novelties Dinner Seta
Clocks Glassware
Bric-a-brac Cabinets
Ornaments Statuary
Lamps Mirrors
" French and-Encllsh China.
. In the Picture Department we offer
some particularly choice and appropriate
suggestions — carbons, water colors, en-
gravings, etchings and oil paintings. All
the latest styles in framing— from the
most expensive to the simplest and
cheapest.
We Invite you to make your selection
now for Christmas delivery.
S. &G. GUMP CO., .
113-115 deary Street.
(^ HOLIDAY
v £ GIFTS
i CTT>X't- USEFUL AND
a A^^^^^»V ORNAMENTAL.
I /i^uV Ca sh PRICES
1 i * f !ON Easy terms -
IA I ( CHICAGO j
)~..A CLOCK CO., o
B V * \l 1814 Market St
I • y /^^*> Op Evenings.
♦O^O ♦O-e- O-e-O -e-O ♦ O ♦ O ♦ O ♦O ♦O*-O-»
jVHSHY \
,T ,-^-.^. —- —l —— ■—« -»W—- »r4L
■♦ ■ Natural Mineral Water •
f /^/s\\ kn«wn for centuries and •>
Q iSS^L Imported 0
I /gl ONLY IN BOTTLES. ♦
♦ Jw^^^ 'or D:sord«fd Stomach ♦
jßif and Indigestion
9 ff^^^^Blts Talus hi* been tes'U Q
♦ r^ss£slg3 fled to by thousands. ♦
I VICHY So-c«Ued Vichy la Sy. ?
V phons *
I ?-&&]*, IS NOT VICHY. ♦
♦ il^^^ii Get the Genuine. J
9 JtlSi/"-— -i<2£s Tour r t ">'»!f* t »ri O
;£*§ t■ pi tail It- ♦
? gywMjgg a - TIOITIIt. Di«tri«»Ua| Agtst J
-» O-^O ♦ O ♦ o*O ♦ O ♦ O ♦ O* O ♦ O + O ♦ O*
NEARING HIS FINISH.
Airulnaldo is rljrht now. He has trot
enough! There are many people in this
town that know when they have had
enough of poor laundry work on their
I linen, and they turn to us for relief. It is
a pleasure to a man to see the exquisite
color and finish that we have put on his
shirt, collars and cuffs when sent home
from this laundry. "No saw-edges."
United State* Laundry. Office
1004. Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
Oakland Office. 514- Eleventh St.
MAKE PERFECT MEN
a DO HOT 111 HP 11 k ! Do not So*
fer Lonfert Tfie Joy. ana ambitions ol
life cad b» restored to jroti. Tfc* T«ri
wonteiinolXertou. l»rht|ltTar«
absolutely eare<l by l'Ullr'r'OTO
T * It I.XT*. Ol»e prompt relief to m
•omnta r«ilin* memory and the watt*
anrl drain of vitai powers. Incurred >>«
ladlscretlons cm —*, of early years
Impart rigor an I potency to every fane
lion. Brace vp '. in- system. Ui»< -^r>. bloom to tki
cheeks and lu«tre to th* eye* of > .>unif or nil*
One Me box renews »ital energy. r*llla buica a)
93.10 1 complete iruarauterti cure- YISSVor monar i«
fund"! Can b« <*»rri«id In Test >l «»» porn-? Soli
e.7erywbere.or malle<l in plain wrapper on resist •
price by TUX rittf tCIO Co.; :■«,., C.i..,^ &
Bold by Owl Drug Co.. S. F. and Oakland.
£mw^ CtUKH^pi v':T £ - -«p«rin«torrhoia:
BfiilHSiiuV "lui«i. goDiuu l n2
mWm 0cm»»*1 V '^*ri<^ , r any ii.flM-^r
iJfc| DMMWtmn. Won. i/rtUUon rutcm.
eo-MHoa. tion of Jaacouo ££«!
KSl'-^E»a*jCm&m '•v Cm »>«ne«. "is ssHlsaißS.
*g|6Sk CtNONUTI.O ■tS&ft Kold b » toTUgfimtM,
v v^ B OiGuur Mas vm»u^i'
&Co.^*%, '
O.DEWEXSTRONG&CQ ***%,' '
patents! J)
Weekly Call,sl.oo per YearROBERTS MUST
NOW PROVE HIS
OWN INNOCENCE
1 HKfcH WIVES OF BRIGHAM H. ROBERTS.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON. Dec. 6.-
The special committee to investigate Ilob
011» meets to-morrow. In spite of th<» pro
trst of Roberts against being required to
prove his Innocence, this is exactly the
requirement thai will be made cf him.
Fome of tho best lawyers In Confrrcs*,
ti-moiiK them members of «th« minority
who are opposed to RolnTtS being denied
his light to take the oath, hold that the
it l< cations ar&inst Roberts being of the
character they are. It Is Incumbent upon
2 :.i to disprove them. This apparent re
versal of the theory of law that a man ac
riibvd is innocent until convicted Is l>;u»ed
i:;».jn a principle of law that where, by
the nature ol the charges, knowledge of
the '■■-.:- must vl necest-ity rest only with
tie accusrd, the accused may be made «.
witness aK.iimt hln^«'lf. The. fact to be
ascertained by the committee Is v. simple
one of wrhether Kobcrts has maintained
h> polyKanK'US rt iatlons. and ho will be
1 expected *.o answer as to thin fact under
• .»:!j. If he denies It. the committee will
Lav«> t" tho inquiry co iu> to ascer
taln the truili— nr falflty of the denial.
11 ):«.• adults tne fact, however, he may
(tempt to Justify M. and it Is expected
; J.at the committee will lind it unnecessary
g ■ lurtlur lr.to the inv<»tlfratlon and
v. .:; i.i.ik** iip r« |»nrt to the House adverse
':.:.- being pritieU.
ir dobrrts i«Xusea to testify under oath.
• ■ committee will regard this as equlva
• •: under the circumstances of the case
■ confession, u-iid as sufficient basis for
. report adverse to his admission us a
■ • ::;!••! of the House.
■ :- i-.i;.! tt.ut r.nl..rts. If deprived of his
trlthout a form of expulsion, will car
•!..• case to thf courts and attempt to
Judicial d«-c!slon on the ground that
constitutional rlßhts were abridged In
i lie v.iv» not inrmlttod to take the
' M.
. ; r.--:;t.i!ive Taylor of Ohio, chalr
: aof the special committee to lnve«tl
, • )!.• .; i; -..' ..f Hol»-ns of Utah, has
illed .i meeting of the committee for 11
In k to-morrow. Taylor says this lni
. rtli :; will l>e to determine upon a
. : '• . : action. He could not &ay how soon
'-^Tnmltte<> u-<>uld be able to report.
v. ■ :h«- chairman would not speak for
"•. ' •i:nni;t«-«'. h»- s.-ii.l that h<- hnd nr»
I .'. • :h.tt ltob«'HH would be allowed to
l • ; :a with counsel if he dt-sired. and
i Im affurditl the usual facilities to
!. . ■ bis r iil«- presented. There nre a
number of w!tncs.«f»s in Wnshlnpton and
Fome in I'l.ili. l>ut it is probaiile that tho
committee will n->t leave Wnshinjrton.
\ klor Fnid be had *onn* doubt as to
v>.->.r tho t:.-arlnes. particularly such
• ■•• as involved family matters, should
I . crnon to the public.
i:. I ir:s wits übcut the Hous*» during:
II • ('. .v. Tli< % r«» was r.o 5o««lon nnd he was
■ • in 1 -.! most of th« time in chatting with
; • •;■ s of number* and visitors, who
trod a friendly disposition toward him.
' ■ i ltd he had no comment to make on
course «f the House. He will prob
' lv looV after h'.s Interests In person on
ti - f"fiiniitt«"-<» on Inquiry.
AJDVESTISEMENT3»
Weakness,
Sufferings,
Paleness.
HUDYAN RELIEVES.
HtTVTAN 18 A
fneod to «l<-k-
flr. auCerlßf wo-
•' ■„ fif : mm. for irUD-
i.-,»r > tV ■. an <juJckly alle-
, *. I? •' 'I^HMM viatea all those
Bf rw -|rts)t .^^W mlberlea that are
WT jKy'<SSYy/ tH women
Lss— t "*Tnl " n ** 1 " > ■•*'-
Bk nS^sa
MS^^^Af flV^B chronic uterine or
; » t^H <>-. ui:an
Pj/^i , - -YSfl "f*- nearly alwa.ya
wfit.y^-i A. , <ga n»-r\tAi». mil
HLl,*«'-^-., t*/5| wifuk-nerx-^ condj-
g«V V 5 1 "" '""
sW sV. - t, ' flB dlfMlon and iun-
Ra'"Stv. V*x'(^3 HUD°YAN nx-et!
H WL v^wa
gSTA MSM ■ all t: --
svA V
■
wsi
.', i atumlly up-
' ■■•J bow-
ga^BßSsV ' " "■■ *
ln< constipation.
gSßßßßWjfig^^^
y t„, ■ ■ ant In «-fJ>ct. Per-
•sW'\^-' v ,i \\ ."* w.tli unuxu-
'Tf"*j''l/-/'*' ally weak atom-
Ex n arha find Imme-
—.M A <llate relief In
V — «^. HUDYAN.
Not* the nnm-
b<r« — ttvv indi-
cate rr.lr.t* of •»rpakne*a that HUDYAN ure».
KCOYAN c\:rr% j.ain In bark, pain over «b-
dtimTi. <Sra«j;lnK palnr. ben rln» -down palna.
HUDYAN rur»* mucnua dlncharre. and all
chronic inflarr.matltns and uloratlona. , •
\ ULI JILUI A.\ ;i ,k.. k -. six packax»a 12 CO.
If he Got-* n<i keep It. pend direct to HUD VAN
UKMHDY CO . cor. Htockton. Ellla and Market
ata.. San l'Vancli>co. Cal.
Advisory Department for Wo-
men — Free.
OOXSULT HUDYAN DOCTOna. Calx OH
visit OR JORDAN'S cR a T i
MUSEUM Of ANATOMY^
i CJ icniu£m2T.t*t.i*i?u.:.r:u.i
Cf The 1 -* r^ <** Antriirtl Mmm in ti. r T
W '|-^T~ , Wnnd. V. n I or> let or *iy rmitractrd A
KOOw «)i*e»vf pr«iu»»if fr««byihtc.l4ea r
O l^al tpeo»iuil ( a ibe Cuil itLjij-jr. Q
ip<isl OR. JORLAN-PRiYATE DISEASES 4
r'T'i'^Nn Cwiwlmw trrr and itri'tlr private V
• C irQl S * Imcnt i*'*""* 11 * <* l>y Utter, A A
Ijf ll / v« fii C*r* la every civ uadertAkca. W
VI tilt W r.'c In. »-*«. riSII •••«•■«»* i
* a ■,]■' i>niiM<.i:. MAiLao ra&o. ia t
U Q wiublr buok lev ami \
r t»H J<itll)t> a ( U . 10U Market St..H. F f
»'^- J^^fc^»a>-«sr-'»s>-^''*V < '«s>'^>'^^sa>p
•fe--"3Bi RUPTURE.
vly- >uL' >^^>» i'he no moke iron
wWgfJ^^C/y Hoopa or Eteel Spring
ff"j!^ ■*C\~^ Iluptur» .•••t*infd with pin
1 a^^Ju^t^K * T "' enmfort and thooaan4a r«<i|.
4- m //?« c * !1 > r Ct;RED by DR. PIERCE' 3
Ifc A£J % ■•]i4rn«tl« Eiaatlo Truaa ClTCall «
'!.<«• or writ* for New P*a:ptii«i
No. L
■aonetic ELASTIC truss CO..
(BO Market au, opp. Palac* HoUt. Eaa franclaoo.
Whether the pay of Roberts Is stopped
as a result of the action of the House In
refusing him a scat has not been passed
upon by the House officials and will not
directly arise until the January pay cer
tificates are lFsutd by Speaker Hender
son, by which time It is expected that the
case will be permanently settled. Rob
erts drew his pay up to December 3. the
day bfforc Congress assembled, on ih<»
certificate of Clerk McDowell that he was
a m«*mber-elect.
QUAY'S CHANCE
OF BEING SEATED
NOW VERY SLIM
WASHINGTON. Dee. 6.—Notwithstand
ing an alleged poll of the Senate giving
Quay a majority of six The Call corre
spondent uas told by leading Senators (
that ho could hardly be seated now that
Senator Harris of Kansas had been se
lected to fill the vacancy on the Senate
Committee on Privileges and Elections
caused by the retirement of Allen of Ne
brai>ka. ar.d It Is expected that ho will
be appointed In time to pit with the com
mittee to-morrow. The lining of this va- !
f£ n 5 y P Jai T s lhop e opposed to the theory
that the Covernor of a Suite can under
all clrcumst.-vncps appoint to the Senate
£,»?'" ' 1 * a ture fails to elect in the
majority, and the majority of the Repub- ,
i! can l of the co ™mlttee will consequently
be adverse to seating Quay.
rißA^Jin 1 f'^'^Pa-teJ what action on the
case will be taken to-morrow. This ih
f. .i™-, m v, C^ c , to b * considered nor is
it the moot difficult to deal with. A n;oss
of evidence will be before the committee
ihr t^n lhe "^"J 1 - 1 " °f proceeding with
the** will occupy the attention of the com
mittee, together with the Quay oa*eto-
<f! * es ?»ve charges are made
b» .»?,? lS f volumes of testimony may
rrachi-d ° a conclusll >n «"* oe
Ex-Senator Edmunds will I a (riven a
hearing by r the committee to protest
against an interpretation being put upon
the constitution which would admit of a
JTf^fni?" ° n b >\ wh .! rh lhe appointment
or Senators might become part of the
patronage of the Governors of States.
Til?, m R ,° r of st « b »shlng such a prece
2«™ ■ 111 be stfor.Kly presented before the
committee and also on the lloor of the
benate when the caso comes up for ac
| tion there.
Senator Burrow* will make a powerful i
argument In opposition to the seating of
Quay, and will make such presentat'on
or the C V° , as y lll . mako t " e Senators
think seriously of the matter before de
ciding to go back on the precedents of
the Senate. Th<* poll of the Senate claim.
Ing forty-six Senators favorable, to the
seating of Quay is pronounced absolutely
worthless, and the fact Is that until the
committee's report has bern made ard
carefully considered several Senators will
probably remain in doubt. Those who
are convinced that it Is their duty to op
pose the seating of Quay, though they
might for personal reasons be glad had
he been elected, are confident that the
Senate can never be brought to revers*- a
precedent upon which they think the "in
tegrity of the Senate as a constitutional
body depends.
HOUSE FINANCIAL
BILL APPROVED
fijw-lal Dlspitrh to Th.
WASHINGTON*. Dec. 6.— Tlio Repub
lican members of the House of Represent
atives gave their unanimous approval to
day to the House financial bill, recently
Introduced, and recommended Its imme
diate consideration by the House and pas
sage after reasonable debate. Overstrect
of Indiana, who introduced and who is In
Rencral charge of th«? hill, to-morrow will
brail a resolution asking that a special
rule be reported for the immediate con
sideration of this measure. The terms
of this special rule are practically agreed
upon and provide that the debate shall
l^gin next Monday with i final vote at
the close of the week
The harmonious approval given to the
bill came after two hours of discussion,
and the adoption of tWO amendments ap
proved by the framers of the bill. Whtn
the meeting began Cannon of Illinois sur
rendered the chair to Hepburn of lowa,
In order to present his views on Bomo
modifications li. thought desirable. These
related to the national banking features
of the Dill, and Cannon gave it as his
opinion that this branch of the subject
might better bo modified or omitted. He
distinctly stated, however, that he sup
ported the bill as a whole and would vote
for It. and this wai further shown wh<n
he voted for the resolution of approval
Cannon's suggestions did not take the
form of amendments, however, and were
not pressed.
The main amendment was proposed by
the tranters of the bill to , lear up some
ambiguity of the present law. It is to be
a new section numbered •». and is as fol
lows:
Section 9. That f>cctton 10 of an art approved
July 1. 18fC. entitled -An art to enable national
banking association!! to f-xtt-nd tli-lr <*orporate
existence." be and the came Is amended so as
to read aa follow*:
"Ewtlon 10. TJiat upon a deposit of bonds as
dracrlbed in wotionn r.lHt nnd 51C0 of the rte
vlne.l fitatut»-«. the association tnaklnir the same
shall be entitled to receive from the Comptroller
of the Currency circulating notes of different
denominations in blank, roistered and coun
teralßned a» provided by law, not exceeding
the par value of the United States bonds
tran«!»rr«<l and delivered- and at no time shall
the total amount of turn notes Issued to any
cuch association exceed the amount at auch
time paid In of its capital Mock: and the pro
vl.'lons of cectlonfl tlTl and 51TC of the Revised
Statute* are hereby repeaJed."
Another amenament is to section 4 of
the bill. Inserting th.- word "redemption"
before "fund." to make more plain where
rt-deemed notes and certillcates are to be
held.
Warner of Illinois offered an amend
ment relating to that feature known as
the Impounding of the greenbacks, but he
was Kbtisfled from explanations given
that the amendment was not essential
and It was withdrawn. There were some
other suggestions and tentative amend
ments, but none of them were pressed,
and a resolution of approval was then
unanimously adopted. Ovcrstreet and his
associates who framed the bill were
warmly congratulated on having been
able to command such complete unan
imity and approval. which is regarded as
giving assurance that the bin will be
passed before ihe Christmas recess.
Evans' Ale
Full of Ufe-aa you Ilk* 1C ■ •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1809.
NEGRO MURDERER BURNED
AT THE STAKE BY A MOB
Horrible Punishment Meted Out by Kentucky
Citizens to a Wretch Who Outraged and
Murdered a Farmer's Wife.
MAYPVIT.I.E. Ky.. Dec. 6-Rlch
ard Coleman. colored, th© con
f murdorer of Mrs. James
Lashbrook. wife of his employer,
expiated his crime In daylight to-
day at the hands of a mob, con
sisting of thousands of citizens, by burn
ing at the stake after suffering torture
and fright beyond description.
The dreadful spectacle occurred on the
peaceful cricket grounds of this, one of
the oldest and among the proudest cities
of Kentucky. The barbarities Inflicted
upon the young negro by citizens of one
of the most highly civilized cities of the
State are mostly beyond belief and can
only be accounted for by the horror creat
ed by long consideration of the atrocious
crime of which full confession had been
made by Col< man.
Just two months ago Richard Coleman.
i»..- trusted employe pf Farmer James
rook, in a moment of depravity and
ry, murdered in who had
factor. Cotetnaa waa not
only employed on the farm, but had been
Installed an a house servant and was
trusted Implicitly by both Mr. I^ashbrook
and his wife.
<>n the day of the murder. Mr. Ijitsh
brouk was at work soma distance away
from the house. Coleman was left In
charge of the house Mrs. Lashbrook had
driven to Ifaysrllle und returned, when
Coleman asked her to enter the cabin to
look at soir.o wi.rk at which he bad been
engaged. The negro locked the door on
the inside. Mrs. 1-nxhbrook became
frightened and screamed. Coleraan struck
her on the h»ad. knocking her down, but
not stopping her cries. He then seized a
razor and cut her throat. He picked up
the bleeding body and placed It on the
bed. He then left the room. but. return-
Ing, heard her still groaning and with an
ax he struck her repeatedly on tho bead
until he was sure she was dead.
Without any show of alarm or remorsp
for hi the ne(,To caJmly trashed
the blood from his hands and clothing
and w. Nt to where Mr. Lashbrook w;m at
work In the fleld and told him that h- had
better come to tho hous<\ as some one bad
killed his wife. Mr. lashbrook did not
take tin' matter seriously until Colemaa
1 that his wife was dead. Even then
at wai the confidence of Mr. Lash
brook In Coleman that no thought oc
'. that In* was th.-> murderer.
it was not until after officers arrived
ispldon was directed ag;dnst Cole
man. BiOOd SPOtl hud been found on his
i. thins;, but he accounted f<,r them by
Baying that he had been killing chickens.
night, however, ai Maysvule, a par*
tlal confession was obtained, and, know
ing the result if that fact should become
known, the ofßcers quietly took him to
Covlngton, Ky.. for safe-keeping. 11<- wis
r the murder Bhortly after his
• ration ;it Covlngton li^ made :i
complete and horrible confession of his
< rim.' to the Jailer. The story of his re
volting crime, including worse than mur
told without any api>earance of
g by the prisoner.
'Phis confession. becoming public,
<\ a feeling of indignation against
the prisoner among the relatives and
friends of the victim which made It mor
ally certain that the oncers <>t the law
would bo powerless to prevent summary
LIVES LOST BY
FAULTY COUPLERS
Figures Given to Com
merce Commission.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 6.— The Interstate
Commerce Commission to-day gave a
hearing to the representatives of tho sev
eral companies asking for a further exten
sion of time allowed the railroads to
equip their lines with safety appliances.
Two years ago the commission granted an
extension until January 1. 1?JO. The far
ther extension asked for at the present
time Is one year. The representatives of
various labor organizations were also
present to offer their side of the case.
Representatives of about a hundred roads
were In attendance.
John K. Cowen, president of the Balti
more and Ohio, representing M chairman
eighty-eight other roads having SO.'**)
miles of line, made the opening aigument.
He said that Juno 1. UN, CU.2CB freight
cars out of 2,265,000 engaged In interstate
commerce were not equipped with safety
appliances. Slice that time the numter
had been reduced to between 160.000 and
17.-1,000. The argument of tho railroads
axked for an extension, based upon tie
showing made by the roads since the last
application. The showing demonstrated
that the railroads had done as well as
could be expected and could ask no fur
ther extension. Wayne fcfacVeagtl, repre
senting the Pennsylvania and affiliating
lines. Joined in asking for tho extension.
Th- had equipped 140,000 out of 160.000.
President Ki.ajip of, the commission
stated for the benefit of those present
that of the roads petitioning for an exten
sion over M per cent were fully equipped.
He said there was some misapprehension
as to the meaning of the law. which pro
vided that not all the roads should equip
their cars, but that after a certain date
no unequipped cars should participate in
interstate commerce. Fully equipped
roads could not therefore haul unequipped
cars after the expiration of the limit.
At this juncture President Knapp an
nounced ihat the President had sent word
that he would be glad to receive the rep
resentatives of the railroads and labor
organizations present at the White House
at 1 o'clock. The invitation was accepted
and a recess taken.
After the recess Mr. MaeVoagh again
addressed the commission, dwelling upon
the enormous progress already made by
the railroads, which he said had ■pent
5100.000.000 to comply with the law. If the
extension were not granted, he .said, the
withdrawal of 175,000 cars from Interstate
commerce would Inflict a serious Injury
upon the business Interests of the World.
Mr. Ely of Die motive department of
the Pennsylvania road gave it as his view
that It would be entirely practicable for
one road to equip all the foreign cars on
its line.
President Knapp at this point stated
that a traveling Inspector of the commis
sion who had been examining the equip
ment of roads for some time had found
an almost ideal state of affairs so far as
handholds and standard height of draw*
bars, but that he had found a surprising
mat* of affairs so far as some of the.al
leged automatic couples Were concerned.
It was discreditable, he said. Tho ap
pliances for operating the couplers, espe
cially the unlocking mechanism, was
found out of order In 25 per cent of the
couplers. Tho couplers could not be work
ed except by going between the, curs and
were more dangerous than the old links
and pins.
Mr. Ramsay of the Wabash protested
against the statement that 2.". per cent of
the couplers were out " of order He
thought 1 or 2 per cent would cover the
couplers out of order. • Th. secretary of
the commission said that four lodges ot
the railroad conductors, eight of locomo
tive engineers and one or firemen had
vengeance at the first opportunity. Still
the ofllcers at Maysville did not act upon
that basis. There was no call upon the
Governor for troops to protect the pris
oner.
Sheriff Perrin yesterday received orders
from Judge Harbeson and. with four as
sistants, went to Covlnßton, expecting to
return with Coleman yesterday; but after
reaching Covlngton the Jailers at Mays
vllle advised him not to attempt to bring
the prisoner Into Mays vllle last night.
The trial was set for to-day. Sheriff Per
rln determined to leave Covlngton by the
train on the Chesapeake and Ohio, which
started at 7:30 o'clock this morning
from Covlngton. Coleman had been
apprised last night to prepare to re
turn to the scene of his crime. Ho was
Instantly stricken with fear and begged
plteously to be permitted to remain in
Covlngton until after his trial. He said
he expected to die. but he dreaded the
vengeance of a mob.
When he was handcuffed on leaving the
Jail at Covington he was almost paralyzed
and had to be assisted to the patrol
wagon. The crowd about the Jail there
and at the Covington depot added to his
fear. On entering the train he seemed un
able to Bit down until one of the guards
forced him Into a seat. It developed that
in the crowd at Covlncton. and even on
the train, there were some of the relatives
of Mrs. Lashbrook, ready to convey infor
mation of any attempt to secrete the pris
oner. Messages were sent here.
Coleman arrived at Mayuvllle at 10:30
this morning under a special guard swcrn
in by the Sheriff, including Detective Fitz
gerald. Constable Dawson, Chief of Police
Donovan, all the police force and two
Deputy Sheriffs. When they arrived at
the Courthouse they were met by a mob
of 1000 persons, headed by James L.a.*>h
brook. the husband of the murdered wom
an, and all went immediately up Second
street, through the central portion of the
city, to the hill, followed by a crowd which
had grown to 5000 persons. AH was done
that was possible by the Sheriff and guard
to prevent a lynching, but in the face of
such numbers. Irrespective of color, it was
useless to attempt to do anything. The
mob grabbed Coleman, threw a roue over
his head and took him up above the city.
Coleman could be heard above the cries
of the avengers pleading for his life.
The mob carried Coleman to a small hol
low near the railroad, where they bound
him tightly to ■ young sapling. The place
of execution had been selected weeks ago
In accordance with all the other arranged
details of the programme mapped out by
the leaders of the mob. The prisoner was
dragged to the sapling and strapped
against the tree, lacing the husband of
the victim. Large quantities of dry brush
and large I its of wood were piled around
him while he was praying for speedy
death. James Lashbrook. the husband or
the murdered woman, applied the first
match to the brushwood. A brother of
the woman struck the second match.
Some one with 8 knife was viclousiy
slashing at the prisoner* chest.
By a sort of cruel occurrence of action
on the part of the mob not a shot <a.is
tired. The purpose seemed to be to give
the wretch the greatest possible amount
and duration of torture. A fatal shot
would have been merciful, but there was
not mercy in the crowd surrounding Cole
man. *
As \ lie flames arose his horrors ln-
He made vain efforts to with
draw liis limbs from the encroaching
fire; t rolled In a frenzy of suffer
ing I'lie r<'i>*»; securing him to the tret?
■were burned and his body finally fell for
Petitioned in favor of extension, and that
lodges '>f railway trainmen, ten of
railway conductor*, three of firemen ami
tlir. i- era had petitioned against.
.on.
E E. <!.irk. president of the Order of
Railway Conductors, taM he had i>.> de
j-ir.- to embarrass the commission or the
railroads. The employes wanted to be
:. iiile. Th.- defect in the law. he
was that Its enforcement would pun
ish ti well ss the guilty.
In W*. said li.', 19,'S railroad employes
were kiil.-d ami :u.76l had been injured. Of
over tiOo had been kiiN-d and over
led in coupling cars. If the
law had been obeyed and had accom
pllshed the object, not one of those OM n
would have been killed or Injured. \.^
regards the cost, of which the railroads
had complained, he said it was hard to
strike a balance between dollars and cents
and lost lives and Injuries. Railroad or-
Kanizations during the past two weeks
paid out over J1.u00.000 In deaths and sick
i< neflts. As men crippled In the service
were debarred from further employment
r>y railroads, those organizations wanted
as few men crippled an possible. Speak-
Inic of the number of couplers In bad or
der, to which attention has been caJled,
he declared that until the law became act
ually operative it would be impossible to
compel the roads to keep their couplers
In good order. He called attention to the
fact that many roads which were now
completely equipped wore before the com
mlsslon two years contending that it
WOUld be absolutely Impossible for their
roads to equip their cars In less than tlv«
Be said that few private car
lines (owners of refrigerator cars, etc )
showed a disposition to en.up» their cars
He thought sooner or later all roads
would be obliged to equip the foreign cars
on their lines.
While unwilling to take the position
that the law should be made operative
December 31. he said tiie railroad em
ployes ;t.«ko<l that th.'lr Interests be con
Bldered. Two years ago the railroads
asked five years. Th< y got two- now they
wanted one. Upon behalf of the employes
be H«k.-d that the time should not be ex
tended more than a few months four to
six months and that the commission
make It plain once for all that If exten
sion is granted It Is the host.
It seems probable a-» ■ result of the
hearing that the commission will grant
the railroads ■ further extension of six
months within which to comply with the
safety appliance set.
CUT IN THE RAILWAY
RATES TO CALIFORNIA
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe Will
Endeavor to Check the Reduc
tions Being Made.
CHICAGO. IM-r. «.— The Southern Pa
cific and the Santa Fe railroads have
agreed to call a meeting of p.-iFsenger of-
I.- ids of jill transcontinental lines to con
sider the California rate. It will be held
In Chicago, as soon after December 15
as Is inii-sible.
A ji.iriy i.f threp persons procured tick
ets fr<>m Ctalcasrp to California to-day at
a net ratt- of $4>t fur se< ond i la«s which
is $12 50 below tarlfr. A ra| ( - of jn u rB t
(lass from St. Paul to New York Is hrinjr
mads by the Kioiix Cily and Northern
nnd Canadian Pacific. This probably will
be met by the Chicago and <;r<at Western
and Qrand Trunk, which will take otlx-r
lines into the trouble.
Non-Sinkablc Boats.
The latest Invention for Bivlntr ||fi> comi>s
from London, and Is a' non-alnkable boat. If
people would pay as much attention to the
preservation of life In other ways, there would
be a great Improvement. Hosteller's Stomach
Bitters Is a life preserver, discovered fifty
yearn agro. It cures dyspepsia. Indigestion and
all forms of stomach trouble. It Is an ex
cellent tonic for the whole system and may
be had from any drufcirlst.
fBEEGHAMS!
>Si S i i O Improre the J?
f rll ft pcncral health. J
jU Iklilr iocent a *2sceots. A
ward on the burning pile. Even then,
although it was not certain whether he
was living or dead, the vengeful purpose
of the crowd led them to une rails and
long poles to push his body back into
the flames. It is not certain how long
life lasted. During the process, while
his voice could be heard, he begged tint a
ttrink of water, his tongue protruding and
his eyeballs fuirly starting from his
head.
At the end of three hours the body was
practically cremated. During all that
time members of the family of Mrs.
La.shbrouk ha<l remained to keep up the
fire, and to keen the body In position
where It could continue to burn. After
three hours a nephew of Mrs. I>a<hbrook
was still pushing the body on the burning
embers, while a curious crowd of several
thousand persona lingered on the seem*.
It Is said that on the march through the
city th* prisoner's eyes had been burned
out by add thrown In an eggshell.
In all the thousands who constituted
the mob there was not a .-ingle effort to
disguise <>r conceal identity. No man
wore a mask. All the leaders of the
mob are well known, and there are hun
dred.-, of witnesses who can testify to
their part in the tragedy. They Include
leading dtiaena In all lines of bu«dnes.s,
and many are members of the church.
County Judge Harbe»on will Impanel a
special Qrand Jury at once to make a
speedy investigation and return Indict
mt nis against the leaders of the mob.
The Statement from Frankfort that the
Governor proposes to offer a reward for
th* apprehension of members of the
mob does not excite muwh fear that the
reward will be claimed. While there is
a wide difference of opinion among resi
dents of the city who were not connected
w!th the mob. yet there is a strong fuel
ing that no punishment will result from
this- tragedy.
The Coroner held an inquest on the
charred remains of Richard Coleman and
rendered the simple verdict:
"I>eath at the hands of a mob."
The body was left lying In the ashes and
coals, and' at the present writing has not
been removed. Relic hunters took away
the teeth and bones and tle.sh and every
fragment of the body that they could lay
hands on. All afternoon children— some
of them not more than 6 yean old— kept
up the fires on the blackened body by
throwing grass, kindling wo. id, brush,
bits of boards and everything combustible
that they could gather.
This they kept up until dark. It is re
lated that <~'nleman. before committing
his crime, threw pepper Into his victim's
eyes from a pepper box. One of the mem
bers usf-,1 that same pepper box tO-day to
throw pepper into Coleman'S eyes as soon
as he was lashed to the stake. To make
sure of B good Job he held open one eye
lid after the other and peppered them
Successively, then drew the eyelids.
In this city the action of the mob Is
generally approved— even t nthusiastically
by women, who think that hereafter
they will be safer in conseQuence. Some
men deprecate mob law. but say this case
was an exception to all rules.
The latesl report to-night Is that Pole
man's mother Is on the w.iv here to take,
charge of the ashes of her son.
Late t.i-nlKlit all that was left of the
body of f'olemrin was raked out of the
embers and buried In the potter's field,
Tt was only n skull and two or three
charred bones. All the rest of the body
was ghastly fragments wldelv distributed
among relic connoisseurs. Perfect quiet
reigns in the city to-night.
DEPUTY SHERIFF
KILLS A GAMBLER
Wounded Man Makes a
Desperate Fight.
Special nispatcli to The Call.
REPUBLIC, Wash . Dee. I— Joe Wil
liams was ihoi this morning by Deputy
Sheriff \V. T. Swan. Williams had charge
of the gambling games in the Butte
saloon. He had !i»t»n drinking heavily
and was quarrelsome.
He went Into another saloon and was
flourishing a pistol. Swan wrested It
from his hand, when Williams, who was
a powerful man. threw the officer ten
feet. Swan then fired Williams' pistol
and th<* ball passed through the body
near the heart. The wounded man
grappled with the officer, wrested the
pistol from him and was about to fire
when his strength left him and he fell
back and expired.
A Coroners jury exonerated the officer.
Russian Dentists' Congress asked the
Government to assign a dentist to every
school In the empire.
\1 I fc£fij32fr^ E ">. 9mm *%*Mk
vUOIo / 'r^J |
There's "snap" to these $10 'JCSM I — jfl I c==
suits and overcoats — it's in the i^^Hl^V ' I i— .
making, the finish and the cloth. I4v iywj) \
It's the same kind of "snap" \^^B^ V&^
you find in mostall $15 clothes. l^Hsß^ l" I I
Get our samples — they are P^^E9 V
Our policy: Your moneys |J\l 111 I|!;ji will
worth or your money returned; Mjd A I Ol!
or a year's repairing free. F if ■ii
S. N. WOOD CO, V^ I i
718 Market Street and ; W
Corner Powell and Eddy.
EIGHT HUNDRED
BILLS INTRODUCED
IN THE SENATE
Mason Advances a Resolution of
Sympathy With the Boer
Republics.
WASHINGTON*. Dec. 6.-Nearly eight
hundred bills and Joint resolutions, sev
eral important concurrent resolutions,
and petitions numbering hundreds, were
presented to the Senate to-day. A ma
jority of the bills were old stagers. A
few were of national Interest and import
ance.
Aldrich had the honor of Introducing
the first measure in the Senate. It wan
the financial bill drawn by the Senate
Committee on Finance, of which Aldrich
is chairman, and probably was thr meat
important measure introduced during the
day.
Resolutions were offered providing for
an investigation by the Judiciary <\mi
mlttte of all phases of polygamy recently
presented In connection with what Is
known as the Roberts case; expressing
the sympathy of the Senate for the Boers
in their war with Great Britain, and de
claring that Benator N. B. Scott of Wr-st
Virginia Is not entitled to <t .«.«Mt in the
Senate.
Harris (Pop.) of Kansas was appointed
a temporary member of the Commit
Privileges and Election* The appoint
ment Is important and slgnltlcunt, !>• i
rmnittr.- has under consideration
the Quay, Clark and Scott contests.
At the opening of the Mission the an
nual reports of tliH Secretary of the
iry. the Attoroe) Qeneral, the
Comptroller of the Currency and other
official! wen presented.
A concurrent resolution, adopted by the
Legislature of Michigan, was presented
by McMillan of Michigan. It pr. .t»-ste.i
against the policy ( .f the Russian Qorern
ment toward Finland, ami was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
it expresses "profound and neartfeir
sympathy for the downtrodden people
of Finland in their pr« sent hour of dark
est trouble." uml urgea President Me-
Kmi-y {•, express t.> the Oovernment of
the tzar the wrlous concern «>f the Gov
ernment of the I'nited States becautt*? of
the abrogation of the assurance of Alex
and« r I. the abolition of the Finnish con
stitution and the consequent destruction
of Finnish autonomy.
Spooner of Wisconsin presented resolu
tions of th«- Legislature of Wisconsin urg
ing Congress to take action looking to the
advancement uf American shipping inter
ests.
Kyle of South Dakota and Wolcott of
Colorado presented a number of petition*
against polygamy.
Aldrich introduced the Senate financial
meusure. which is to "afllrm the existing
Standard of value of all forms of money,
to refund the public debt, and for other
purpose."." It was referred to the Com
mittee on Finance.
Among the other bills Introduced were
the following:
By Cullori of Illinois— To provide a form
of povcrnmfnt for Hawaii: to pension war
veterans over 70 years of age.
By PettOS of Alabama— To repeal the
war stamp act.
By Chandler of New Hampshire— To
prohibit Senators ami Representatives
from performing the functions of the ex
ecutive.
I,<>ciKe of Massachusetts offered and so
cured the adoption of a resolution re
questing the President, if not incompat
ible with public interests, to Inform the
Senate as to the proposed sale of tro
Galapagos Islands by Ecuador to <«r at
Britain and to communicate any such In
formation concerning the proposed .il>*
as might be in possession of the Govern
ment.
Chandler proposed and had adopted a
concurrent resolution providing for th«
appolntmo.it of thr«'«- Senators anil two
Representatives of th«- House on .1 com
mittee to make arrangements tor the un
veilinK of '!.»■ statue to L>ani«-i Webster :n
this city on the lSih of Jaunary next.
Jones of Arkansas oftVrod a resolution
setting forth that Senator N. B B
Wesi Virginia Is not .rititled to a seat In
the Senate. The resolution, together with
a memorial of John T. McOraw on the
subject, was referred to the Cumrnrt-e
on Privileges and Elections.
tins of Utah off.-r.-d the following:
resolution, already r«-f>-rred to briefly, and
a.^k.il th.it It be considered lmm*dfat>'lv:
That the rommltte« on Jmlirlary In berswjr
lnstrui-ted to in<|iilr* Into ajaS report
Si-n;it»-:
First— To what extent polygamy Is practiced
or polygamous marriage* entered Into In the
fnltetl State*, or In places over which they
have Jurisdiction.
Second— Have polygamlsts, or persons reputed
to have more than one wife, bern elected to
office by the people of Utah, and If so. has
such election been for the purpose of encour
aging polygamy or in violation of any compact
between said State and the United States.
Third— Have polygamlsts. or persons reputed
to have more than one wife, been appointed to
office by the President, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, or In cases where
the concurrence of t-e Senate is not required,
and If no, have such appointments been mail.-
In aid of polygamy or in violation of the com
pact between the United States and the State
of Utah with reference to the subject?
Fourth— What. If any, steps should be taken
or measures enacted for the prevention of po
lygamy In the United States and places over
which they have Jurisdiction?
Wolcott ohjectted to immediate consider
ation and the resolution was referred to
the Judiciary Committee.
Mason of Illinois asked that his Hot
resolution be allowed to lie on the table
until he should call it up. It is as fol
lows:
Whereas. From the hour of achieving their
own Independence, the people of the United
States have regarded with sympathy the strug
gles of other peoples la free themselves from
European domination: therefore be it
Resolved by the Senate of the United State*
That we watch with deep and abiding Inter
est the heroic battle of the South African re
public a«raln»t cruelty and oppruwlon an 4 that
our b*»t hop*« R o out for th* full s occ«M of tIM
dfWmlned contest for liberty.
The Senate at 2:25 p m. went Into exec
utive session and at 2» p. m. adjourned.
PACIFIC CABLE BILL
INTRODUCED IN SENATE
WASHINGTON. Dec 8 -Beverml bill*
sad tolnt resolutions were Introduced In
Bali to-day. Many of them related
to local and personal Interests and many
Id bills coming from the last ses
sion. The most important WWt!
By Bale, for the construction of a Pa
citlc cul)le by the Navy IH- partmrnt. to tw»
operated by tb« PwJtasSfli I»epartment.
and appropriating $11,000,000 for thl.s pwr
; - It Is to run from San Francisco to
Manila via Honolulu, the Midway Islands.
Guam and Hollo.
By Kyle, for the establishment of postal
raving* banks and a Government tele
graph system; for the restriction of Im
migration and a Joint resolution for a
constitutional amendment for the regula
tion of marriage and divorce.
By Harris, Joint resolutions for consti
tutional amendments authorizing the Im
position of an Income tax and for the elec
tion os Senators by the people.
By Warren. for the cession by th* Gen
eral Government of 6.000.0J0 acres of arid
lands to each of the arid land States,
being the same as favorably reported last
session, and for the Indemnltlcation of the
public land States for school lands prov
ing to be coal lands.
By Chandler, to prohibit Senators and
Representatives In Congress from receiv
ing free railroad passes.
By McEnerr. for a deep-water way
through Southwest Pa.«*.
By Perkins, extending the Irrigation
laws for the United States to Hawaii.
By Carter, making further provision for
the civil government of Alaska; to provide
for uniform divorce laws.
By Nelson, to subject national ba»ka to
the usury laws of the States In which
they may be located.
By Prye, several measures for the reg
ulation of shipping and the revenue ser
vice. in addition to his substitute for th«»
Hanna-Payne shipping bill and the bill
for the establishment of a Government
department of commerce and Industry.
By Pettlgrew, for the free coinage of
silver.
To Pension Mrs. Grid ley.
WASIIINCTttN. Dec. 6.— A bill was In
troduced by Mr Penrose of Pennsylvania
to-day to pension Mr*. Ortdley. widow «*f
the late Captain Orldley of the Olympic.
at |lUU per month.
Highbinder Battle Stopped.
MAKYBVII.LK. Dec. -Timely Inter
ference of officers prevented another en
gagement between the warring- Hop
Sings and Suey %ngs In this city to-day
at noon. The two factions lined up for
battle, but the arrival of two police of
ficers on the scene caused a postpone,
rn.-rit. It is given out that six mum die.
before the trouble will be at an end. Tho
police confiscated several revolvers to
day.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PEERLESS
OIL COMPANY
OFFERS EXCELLENT INDUCEMENTS TO
INVESTORS OF SMALL MEANS.
Our property Is the S. E. \ of See. Jl. Tp. M
8.. R. 28 E. (160 ACRES PATENTED), In
HEltn RIVER DISTRICT.
Four miles north from Rakersfleld.
ALREADY THERE ARE
FOURTEEn IMrORTAnT WELLS
In our Immediate vicinity, and there are
no DRY MOLES in THE DISTRICT.
Peerless Well No. i
IS DOWn 170 FEET.
And without doubt we will strike the oil bo-
fore reaching the depth of 3SO feet.
We have not yet advanced our price above)
ONE DOLLAR PER SHARE.
CALL FOR PROSPECTI'S. MAP AND RE-
PORTS.
• ——
DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS:
JOHN M. WRIGHT. President.
Hon. JACOB 11. NEFF. Vice President.
H. C. PARK. Secretary.
Hon. JAMES C. MAOUIRE. Director.
R. W. HART. Director.
OFFICE. ROOM 47. EIGHTH FLOOR. MILLS
BUILDING. SAN FRANCISCO.
Furniture Buyers
Call and examine my price* on furniture.
earp«ts, stove*, etc.. before purchasing elae>
where. Too can save fully 20 per cent by buy-
Ing here. Liberal credit extended to all; $*)
worth of furniture for $1 per week.
Estimates given on complete bouse furnish-
ing from cellar to garret.
T. BRILLIANT,
338-340 POST ST.,
Bet. Stockton and Powell.
Opp. Union Square.
Free delivery Oakland. Alameda and Berke-
ley. Open evenings.
♦ The luxury, comfort, convenience*. 4
i> cuisine and mcMlerata charges nave I
ii given the T
: PALACE and
GRAND J
♦ 4
hotels a reputation that la known wh»r- 4
1 ever the English language Is spoken. _
< Connected by a covered passageway— i
1 1400 rooms— 9oo with baths.
JOHN C. KIRK PATRICK. Manager. []
• ••••••••••••••■+ ♦••••»»»»
mi -* -ALL >«rrMi tH»*m»»» Taillag Mesa.
M 3 m err. Bl«a«t«Maeaa. etc.. cauaett bt e««fw
W *Sl work and lad iterations. Thru •waaMtf
\ J*s *•"* *■*••*■» nator* Last Vit*llt» la all
>Jt or yevag. aad *« a at ma far atoJr.tait-
nasa or plaaaar*. I repeat laaaaU7_aarl
OonsanpUan If Ukmi la tiaa. Tttelr
a*» shew* imadlalja lnprovaaiamt aad aSacta CUHJi
•?«• »Uother* fail laaiat -ipoo k«»iQ4 th.g.nalo.
AJax Tablets. They hat cvrad thomaada an 1 vlll
core yoa. We rl»e a aoaitire writtea goaraataa to at.
tact a core la aa«h ease or rafaad the aaoaer. Files
Mliite P" pack«<«. ar all packages (fall U«e«.
wwwie> ma at I for SB 6O b*s>ail.ia plaia writer.
■pea receipt otpriee. nrealarefree.
AJAX REMEDY CO., 79 n ?Z£ or ?*'
For sale In S. F. by Lelpnlts A Co^ No Per-
centage Drug Co.. Owl Drug Co.. 8. F.. Oak; d.
WINTER RESORTS.
PASO ROBLES
HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
The greatest of health resorts. Cures all 111*
when others fall. Intending visitor* may pro-
cure special round-trip tickets, entitling them to
rebate of |2 40. For particular* apply to
F. W. ELT. City Agent.
CM Market St., Baa Franclaos.
34
EAST
TOPMAST
BEANKEN BY
GAME FORTE
; :'s Horse
Stake Feature
Tanloran Park.
Tho raiin^ at Tanforan Park ynScnlay
v..- rcplote with FurjT.s'-s. some very
xv;itm choices beir.g toppled over. ZisKu.
Mike Klcc. Ben Lvdi. Imp. Mistral o.na
K< rio v.l! past tho wlrer li^st
at enticing odds,' while Mocorlto was:. t"«>
loi.<- favorite to win a jiurso.
The frk-nds of Barney Schrelber flre
prophetyins that the SU Louis penc.Ver
Is fc,oir:tf to enjoy a. visitation of hi? OKI
run of t'ouJ lud; and euch Is likely to
prove the case. HU horse Forte. \Mth
BuUznan up. took the Hay View stake,
ever v:.a iiulv ar.d a Quarter, in a hajd
crive from the favorite. Topmast, with
o-rtair,:y tn element of luck thrown in.
To must trpecUtors the favorite looked
best, lut l.c Lad a siormj 1 postage and
va.s beaten hail a length in 2:tf**- Afier
lvMcn.y :or over half a mllo Ostler Joe
fciivu vta> to tuo winner, o. a. iiorris re
vived LO^t.uuablu bupport, but nover
*ot>ked uuugcruus.
2Uska, in LH« opening scramble tor maid
<:. :vvo-> c^j-t'ics, run uvvuy irum a iJig
Held of touru-ttu, bea-tlnj; out is:&4uoc in
;. .--. Tae winner cosed at 7 lo 1 and
wu nictsiy handied t>y Henry iShields.
ouid J.liiUtr iud Cutsar Young out lor ihe
snow.
Allowed to drift back la the betting to
T to L ilika Hice. riddca by Thorpe, pol
l.^Li-U oil Lls company In the eix-lurloiig
lun following, boon bhuwuiK in front ot
Aluminum the old ■printer cjwnod Varu
tia <t length at the blond. Maud Fergu
fcoa run third. Lcaicu but a iic-ud.
While i.:«. vn-viuus run had not been a
Jlutivrliig out* the crowd insisted on sciid
: c Ruuualnt to tho post favorite for the
third number. He showi-d sj»oed, but
could r.ot flay It out. licinson rushed
l>cn Led! uwuy in the lead and the Mon
tana QU7 woii ly two lengths from Ra
clvan. al3 to 1 shot. Revanna was third.
■
rise, A!a
nor«.
Track Notes.
Frank Doss has entered a protest with
th^ Judges at Tanforan against the pay
ment "f Uie pursue won by Dunblalne. on
Tuesday. Tho basis for the eotco Is that
J. It. ....■.-•:. Is owner of the colt and not
Walter Jciiul:y;s. Mr. J callings raced all
l.u-i ■ammer In tho Hast, ad well us In
Conner :■...•:.:« without having any yro
tu.-;s ma.de ii^ainst his hf/aes.
/.lska, tlie tweedy nllv which won tho
opening event, U .» daughter of The Judge
and «.;.- tired at Napa stuck I-'arra. The
yearlings from this establishment will bo
■old on ins evening of Docomber 14 and
i;.<- sole Is Miir*cimg much atte:ijjou
axnong horsemen.
liarn<>y t?Lhreibor purchased Forto for
&*j from l\u Dunne, with a proviso that
;>> more be paid when the bOTM haJ
w "ji twu racis. Ho lias turned out a very
i!ii-aj» purchase and at present looks to
J..i\c a .-.:•... ..., uu the foux-mile Thorn
i>:i Btaka to be uocWed In the future at
Oakland.
IV. l^irraJcrc r-iJd J-^^ for Afamada
:n.\ Sifvor Tuno, and from the form both
h;.v«' displayed since P. Kyau let thorn go
Wtte •u«U sold."
UuUman and Thorp© each piloted two
Kinnvni vest< rday.
Bom* «!.i>s ;i«o Dan McCarty made a
fl'v bet with a Crlend tl'.at tbo first time
Jilh tuo-j*ar-«iM Sam iJannenbaum start
t-d hf> w<julil l<»-at mure horses In tho race
than Xmmu l.mi. started In the open
li.k' dasb vMrrday, dnlshlnc tixth. Nine
Dnishod behind him and Dan won his
tt'acer.
\\ !:• n thf* black horso Oetlcr Joo pulled
up tifur hip race l:e was very lame and
will probably not start apaln for 6omc
tillir-.
Uettlns has b^cn co Flack at Tanforan
that it la j-nld two or three bocks will not
iiit la to-day.
Hen l.fdi, the Montana filly, was a?&ln
}>lay<-d for a pood thinu and ntr backers
cahli<d. Fho won ridden out. but the field
behind her bhowed Flpns of grogglness.
At v eaJe of Marcus Daly stock held In
llutte In ICKS1 C KS tho fast miss waa knocked
down by th« tuctioTjeer for something
Ufa than a hun<sr<d dollars.
Spencer, who rode <J. H. Morris, lodged
b claim of foul npalntt Uullman aft«;r the
linith In the t-takc race, claiming to have
been Interfered with at the first turn, It
looked us If all the humping could be
credited vo J. \Vu!bh. the rider of Jennie
JUld, who tri<^l a "flying wedgo" In an
endeavor to e*rjt>eze through next the
!
To-Day"s Entries.
ar-nll maid
:
■
■
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1111 Positive
s« Wiaan.
A wotnau h.is a rigfal to be positive on
r ' ' " >f p r<onal
ex]>erien. • wom-
an who Las used Dr. Piexce's Favorite
ses of the womanly
-a to its wonderful
curative value, and confidently recotn-
uiTerers.
Women who suffer from inflammation,
xilccration, female weakness, or nervous
diseases caused by disease of the wom-
anly organ* will find a complete cure by
the use of ■ Favorite Prescription."
"Several veers arc** X suffered aeTertly from
{>■■■ •;.;.- v^.,r :.i>,, pro'.apias, aud tsenorth^gia,
cind «red Dr. I*ierce'« I^avorite Pre»crir.tion^th
',■ effert," writes Tannie Snelton, of
\VwC:in;fton, lowa. n Clad I bat>e not needed it
for a few TUX* past, but if . should hare any
reiura of the old trouble would «urely try ' Fa-
vorite Prtxcriplica.' X a&vc recomntendoid it to
a naabtr of ray lady frienda. X always tell
them to trj' a b&tlc; and if they are net bene-
fited by.it I will pay for the medicine. In
cvpry case ihey have 'spoken in praise of it."
MAULS WEAK WOMEN STRONG
AKD StCK VVQM^W WELL,
SPORTING NEWS OF TRACK AND FIELD.
Second race — Five furlongs; four-y«ar-olds
■rd up; wiling:
41» Ucsalbra Ul ... Maxello 109
... Uncle True 10.* 401 R. del B'ndldos.lo9
... VjiJenclenne ....109 SCS Rleardo 109
ICI Hirirando io? <i 9 Lucid 109
... Cr-<lo if>9 S« St. Cuthbert ...111
... Tom Smith K>9 3CS Mainstay 112
S€l £pry Lark 109:
Third race— One and one-sixteenth miles;
reHinr: three- year-olds and up.
MS SlUner State ....107 (4:C)E*ploaa«» 100
413 ra-Ktake in; <4lS)Kothl&n 100
4('< Tom «"alvrrt ...107, BS4 Grady 110
4i: I>ar«- II no 4C-S Billy McCToskeyllO
... :ium _.ICS'
Fourth race— Seven furlong: all arts:
ur.MMJke Rice us' & Flamora n
•24^°g, :• " •■• T. m Cromwell. .m
!S 2?* EEh 0^ h0 .••;••• H uritNapair.ax 114
4:3 King Carnival ..ui
Fifth race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
H? T r - JC * mb «la ...107,' m Romany m
UFan \cna-lo ....1!?| 421 True Blue ... 103
h' y ? X Cup IW< I 4:i v *ntoro 104
... Hard Knot ICtI ... Geyser 109
Klxth race— wile handicap; two-year-elds
,J£LP r - mb »la.. ..US 'a»l).Vapamax U5
Mo." Mcdli n»9....i05: 420 Montanus Pi
iw n rmaster 9 » 4M Allenna 90
*\* 1 * 97 157 Hohenxollern ... N
41S Walleneteln .... so Ml Mrrry Boy 9S
Selections for To-Day.
Plr«t Hindoo Prlncee*. Urchin. J. V.
Haver. ,
Second race— Credo, Eeplracda. Mainstay.
Third race— Lothian. Espionage. «iake.
Fourth race— Napamax, Kln» Carnival. Fla
mora.
Fifth race— Dr. Narcbula, Lovinr Cur. San
Vcr.ado.
61xth race— lioa Medanes. P^tente, J! heniol-
Icra.
BASEBALL NOTES.
All-Californias Will Meet the San
Franciseos.
Although the loague baseball nS nn Is
finished, the public are etlll warmed up to
the pport promised by tho schedule of
pnrn<-? between tho All-California team
xmd tho various r.lnos of the league
On Saturday and Sunday tho All-Call
fornlas will play San Fmnclscn. Pitxpat
rick will nltoh for tho looal nine on Sat
urday and Ibf-re on Sunday, miuiv bring
<>f the opinion that lberg's Blow Uvery
will prove problematic to the cmck ball
Players. Hughes win twirl on Sunday.
I »ue to the game last Sunday between
Sacramento nnd the All-Calffornias a
!5T Re . cro 7 rr * 1 Js ■ ■ nt SundaVa game
Ik* locals will piny their best men and
tr\ to establish v gool a rocord ns tho
league champions, their rivals throughout
a long season.
ATTORNEY WRIGHT IS
GRANTED A DIVORCE
His Recreant Wife Made No I>efense
and Judgment Was Entered
by Default.
SAN JOSE. Dec. 6.— Charles D. Wright,
a prominent attorney, was to-day grant
ed a divorce from his wife, Mollle A.
Wright, on the ground of Infidelity. Jud>rl
ment was Becured by default. U. J Ord
way. a banjo playt-r of Honolulu', v l
named as co-respondent.
Mrs. Wright Is now in Honolulu. Ther«
was no community ... or chlldrc-n
to squabble over. It Is understood Wright
made snm.» kind of tt settlement with his
wife. The Wrights were prominent so
ciety people.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
mcm, w«. br h. h. K«-r*rt.)
TANFORAN PARK. Wednesday. December 6. 1899.— Sixteenth
day of the Winter Meeting of the Western Turf Association. Weather
fine. Track fast.
J. J. 1
BURKE— Presldlnc Judf*.
J. F. CAJUPWI I 111 1 WHlfr.
424.
..
11
f*'llnir;
; maiden twa-year-olds; purse. J4OO.
Hore«. Weight. Jst. '
V
lß»ttlns.
a.m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
400 Zisk
4M Sl*q
3*4 Gol<3
3Ts Ca*-
4i« Lrf-il
2!'4 Fam
212 Kt.
:.;■» Mis;
I."-0 Lort
:;« Red
871 Han
3T« Will
116 Com
... Boh:
822 Tan<
a 11-i 2
une 110' 3
t Kinder ll'V 6
sar Young lofi'll
zlc lIV 4
• '-r.baum. . 1 ■'•■ 8
AitnH« 110*10
■ Morrell 10? 15
■110 110 7
Cherry HO 1 5
:!«• Fox 103! 8
Fay... 10f,I I
In* Event 10314
irdlne 110 13
r>ka 11012
1 2
3 h
2 2
5 3
4 2
10 2
11
6 h
9 h
6 h
12
: h
15
13
14
1 h ... : 1 IH. Shields 6 T
3 8 ... 24 jTullett 6 4
2 2 ... 3-l Thr-rpe 4 »-2
4 1 ... 4 2 Conley 6 7
6 2 ... r 2 Bullman 5 7
10 2 ... <■ n I. Powell If 60
I 1 ... 7 1 ]Vittltoe I 6 7
fl ... I I 'Henry ' 20 40
11 ... I 4 Hen. son 25 100
I 4 ... 10 4 B. Rom ' 8 10
12 ... 11 ) J. Walsh 10 60
7h ... 12 v Ijoe Weber.... 8 12
IS ... 13 1) (Ranch 20 40
14 ... 14 2 . Glover 15 100
15 15 B Jones 8 7
Time
Purf»r's
—M.. :2«; *». :3€; S. 1:01V-
ch. f.. by The Judpe-Bo
01
-
■
d.
:. Won first three driving-. Winner. E. W.
A r •
rwl »end-o!T aided winner,
outfooted.
Bli
.
M ran gi
rarcely. Cae«ar T^ung showed lmprovament.
•42^ ' ••rep-year-olds and upward; purse, J4OO.
Inflex. Horse. Ace. Weight 'St. tin. 4m. %m. Ptr. Fin. Jockeys. Op. CL
4U Mike Rice, a 119 1 ... 5 2 lh 11 11 Thorpe 4 7
S«4 Yaniba. 3 110! S ... 3 h 4 4 3h 2h H. Shields I ft
3'.J Mnud F<rpu*on. 3.. SSj « ... 6 1 II 4h 3 m H.-nry 3 t
(#•:'> Flamawwy. 3 101 1 R ... 51 81. 2 h 4:1 Powell .. ' 1 15
2K> Earl Islington. 3....105] 2 ... 4 4 7 h 6 4 EH Conley 5 p
414 Mamie O, « US 10 ... 9 h IM 7 1 Kin Jones . 4 6
407 Aluminum. 4 107 '■ ... 1 h 2> v 54 7 2 Bullman (i 7
SSS Ftmnroll. « 104 j 7 ... II «h II B'4 M Bergen.... 10 JO
343 Einstein. 4 M3l « ... 7 1 10 3 « 1 9 1 Vlttltoe 8 15
215 Mfsdoiv Ijirk. ft... .101 •1 ... 10 11 10 10 K. Komi 15 80
... Grand Sachem. 4... .1111 9 ... 11 0 1 11 11 J. Walsh 18 SO
Tlraiv-'i, :24: 4. :4"i: *;, 1:11 V». Good start. Won cleverly. Frond and third driving
Winner. T. F. Mclaughlin'* b. «r.. by J. H. Fentnn-Mrs. McAllister.
Winner probably be?t. Maud Ferpusnn phould have been second. Pace too hot for others.
Scratched— Rainier M. Tom Calvert Ml, Mn;nuii 103.
4 Oft THirm RAr*K-«lx furlonrx; selling; thr*>e-year-olds and upward; purse. »400.
Iniier. ■ rat Ai» Weipht. Ft. Km. Hm. Sim. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. CL
C*:.) Ben U.I lOofi ... 14 13 13 1 2 Helnson I « 4
422 Rnrlvan. 1 1041 2 ... Cl 6 1 3 2 in M. Bermo ...I I 15
(3J«) Ravenna. 3 101 1 « ... 42 42 2h 3h Vlttltoe 5-2 •,
in Montallade. c 1031 ... 83 61 4h 43 Johnson 6 13
SIS Alaria. S SSi 4 ... 5 h 7 h 6 4 6 2 Fmuntteroy ... 5 9
3M Paruimlnt. « 10»! 1 ... 3h 2h 6 4 6h Thorpe 4 11-5
414 Pyharis. 4 1"' 1 I ... 2 1 2h 7 2 7 2 E. Jones 6 9
414 Alaska. 4 107! 9... I 83 8 2 85 Conley 8 1?
»11 Yule. 4 107! 7 ... 7 h > 9 » I .1..,- Weber 8 15
Time— U. :2^: '±. :43; K. 1:14 H. Good *tart. Won all out. Second and third driving
Winner. K. Konnoily'e oh. f.. by Imp. Triv. r r..H«-T'
Uen lydl had a world of speed. Uarlvan will do. Alarla had no BP**d. Panamlnt tossed
It tit,; no did ' mis. Track too hard for Alaska.
Hcr-\tchPd— O>rll S7. Ixvlestar 107.
Al)"7 PtMJHIS rtACE— MI!e and a sixteenth; all ares; purse. 1400.
Index. Horn*. Are. Welpht.St. Hm. Mm. Mm. Str. Fin. Jockeys. lop. CL
3?9 Imp. Mistral 11. C.liojl Th 2h J2 114 1»i Thorpe 8 7
(411) Ad.nnce Guard. 2... 7.i' 2 •' * 41 4 « 415 22 J Martin s-5 t-5
417 Anchored. 3 l-« II 11 11 1 h It 13. Jones '.'. 20 10
Wo> El Edtro. S nils 2 4 » ! th 84 415 Jo* Weber.... 5 7
m Jiidce Wofforf. 1...107 5 4; , lU C2O 810 111 nullman .... 4 9
871 Jolly Kriton. 2 721 «l 6 « 6 6 6 [J. Walsh 15 to
Time— 1-lfi. .07; l-K. :S2: 9-K. 7: 13-18. 1:22; mile. 1:41: 1 1-lCm. IMS. Good start Won
flm thn-e driving. Winner. Earntshaw nrothers" eh. h., by Florentine-Imp. Close the. Door
AdvuT"* Guard should have won; was badly ridden. Anchored ran a swell race Fstrn
quit Judce Wofford »ulked. ' lro
Scratched — Sennra Ceenar 98. »
4*?Q KIKTH X MM" and a quarter; three-year-olds and upward; Bay View Stakes-
Index. Home. A»e. W«-lcht. Pt. Hm. \4m. Km. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op tU cl!
(J47) Forte. 4 IMS II th lh 11 1 4 nullman 1 l«-5
410 T-.-« 1<» 2 El 44 32 lh 22 Thorpe . 2 t.5
413 OgtWJoe. « 112 4 14 12 21 82 34 VUtltoe ' " 8 80
CM7) G. n. Morris, a IW 1 4 4 64 41 42 42 Spencer 5-2 13-5
4'i<i i-thorp*. 5....111 1 I 6 6 55 58Ii Jones... I 1?
«3Ci> Jennie Reid. 3 lOOJ < It » 1 84 C 6 Walsh '.! « 12
Time-4. :-4: '-t. :MU: «4. 1:17; tnlle 1:42U: l^m. 2:07%. Oood start. Won first three
driving. Winner, B. Bchrelber's h. ir.. by Imp Fori!sslmo-Overtur»\
Winner displajred hiamtofu. Topmast Interfered with; should have won Jennie
Held oway badly. Opti'-r Joe. pulled up In bad shape.
Scratched— Salt-able 111
429 6IXTn RACE- Six furlongs; handicap; all ages; purse. J4W.
Index. Horse. Aye. Weight. St. Hm. Hm. \m. Sir. Fin. Jockeys. Op"'?*.'
*!)? M . ocor "°- «• M» I ... 1 4 11 12 14 nullman *. 7 .
414 Af«ma<la. 4 100 2 ... 22 83 83 23J Walsh. is « -
319 Rt. C««lmlr. 2 -.4 ... 3 1 2 U 2 1 Sh J Martin *1 «
jglggSgv, IMI - 4 2 4S 4 5 4 5 Thorpe ll . n .v.:::: ! "
1!; s'°v- n!^—; W S "• « 6 r. 1 b& Johnson 10 12
I^9 V. \\. nrode. 2 93 5 ... 6C 6 5 6 « * Weache, ....... 10 15
JttUXV&ftt ul ■ ; : Wasatd. "wan Blly - ■•ooai had
third rtnv inx Winner, O. IV Rnmlrh'a oh. in., by Amlio-Ranta M«n|.-a
M.x-.rito won at ltlsure. • aaiiuir Is fut for a piece. Morinßa welrhted out of It.
d nui away threr- furlon/fn. Hrrnie nn **•
-. . 60. VaX. Morrtesey 119, Southern Girl »7. Flamora 85. mS^S
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1599.
OLYMPICS
ENTERTAIN
THE LADIES
Indoor Baseball and Swim
ming Races Make Up Ir
teres ing Programme.
The ladles who visited the Olympic
Club last evening looked upon a rare lot
of athletes cavorting In several kinds of
pport. Indoor baseball, swimming races,
water polo and exhibition bicycle riding
made up a programme that did not allow
of a moment's lag in Interest.
The indoor baseball game was the first
event of the evening. It was a contest be
tween the Republicans and the Populists
and the former buried the latter under an
avalancho of popular sentiment, although
the score was close enough to indicate a
hot race for honors. Trie Republicans
Bcored fourteen times to the Populists
eleven and by bo doing won not only the
great applause of the ladies, but promises
of many funny stories from Bob Mltchfll.
But one feature marked the game— the
dropping of a pop fly by Populist Glea
son. The teams lined up as follows:
Republicans. Position Populists.
James Pitcher Cartwrlght
Leonard Catcher Fuller
Monohaa First Base J. Follansbee
Tat urn Second Base. Haley
Harrison Third Base Gleason
< ' hb Right Short Wand
Cunningham Left Short ;...Pray
Durham Right Field R. Pray
Taylor Left Field L. Ehrman
After the baseball game the spectators
filed out of the gymnasium and found the
best possible position* obtainable around
the swimming tank. Sid Cavil gave an ex
hibition of fancy and trick swimming and
then a relay race of three teams was run
off. George ' rose's team won out af
ter a most exciting race. The participants
were: Dolphins— Melrose, Tape. Connolly.
Cooper ana Boslo: Sharks— Taylor. Duran.
Cavil. Carroll and Harrison: Plain Fish—
Hinkel, Burnett, Wilder, Hartman and
Swim :
The final number on the programme
was a water polo match between the
Whites and the Reds or Crabs and Lob
sters. The Crabs crawled all over tna
Lobsters, scoring four goals to one. For
the Crabs Cooper placed one. Taylor two
and Cavil one goal. Pape scored the goal
for tho Lobsters. The mil were:
Whites* Reds.
Taylor James
McKllloD Hinkel
Cooper Melrose
Cavil Pape
Carroll 1 «, Bozio
well Glllett
Duran Burnett
Conr.ollj' Hartmann
Indoor baseball promises to be as pep
ular this winter as It was last year. A
league has been formed between tho
Stockton Athletic Club, teams from the
Young Men's Christian Association of this
tity and Oakland, the Reliance and the
Olympic clubs. a handsome silver cup
will be the prize for which they will play.
Died on a Train.
KESWICK. Dec. 6.— Parker Kennedy of
Eugene City, Oregon, died In the tourist
sleeper of the southbound passenger this
morning. Just above this place. He was a
consumptive and was traveling from Eu
gene City to Kalamazoo Michigan. The
body and the dead man s baggage were
removed from tho train at Redding, the
Coroner taking charge of same.
OAKLAND'S POULTRY SHOW A SUCCESS
OAKLAND. Dec. 6.— The poultry
and bench show under the aus
pices of the Oakland Poultry As
sociation ar.d the f'ailfornla Col
*»e Club, which opened at the Exposi
tion building to-day. Is proving every
thing that has been promised by the
directors, and i' 'idance an 1
manifest Interest during this after
noon and evening is a criterion, tha
show this season will nnt alone be tho
most comprehensive but the largest
attended as well.
It Is quite evident that the breeding
of fancy poult ry has developed so
rapidly during the last few years that
it has now become one of the Impor
tant industries of the State, and the
result is clearly ahown by th© excep
tionally fine exhibits this year. F. W.
Breed, editor of the Western Poultry
Journal and a chicken judge of con
siderable fame, who has attended the
finest poultry shows throughout the
East, declared to-day that as com
pared with the stock exhibited at
Madison square. New York and at
Chicago, the stock at the Oakland
exhibition could easily win. For In
stance, there is one white Plymouth
Rock pullet, exhibited by £. G. Hinds,
secretary of the association, that
could go to any of Urn Eastern shown
and get Into the money.
Cutter Service Discontinued.
PORT TOWNSENTS. Dec. 6.-Spedal
advices from Washington state that the
United States revenue launch service, es
tablished h*»re four years a^o to prevent
tmuitgllng from Krltlsh Columbia Into
A Cure for Rheumatism
A Cure for Back Pains;
jyj^ A Cure for Weak Kidneys.
j^^^^f ure or tomac^ an< * Liver Complaints, for all pains and aches and for all
f ss*^^^~-^i troubles resulting from the want of sufficient energy to keep the body healthy.
igggl jQ Dr. McLaughlin's
Electric Belt,
' dSjwHSmF gH^^MflMfrfSHyjtfV The modorn cure, the grandest remedy of tho age. Worn while
U&W%M K^Etß^M yOU sloe P» il fills tho l) 0(1 >' with electrical vitality, which pive3
|||||g| P*^^SW|f^™^ strength to every organ, makes the blood circulate more vigor-
Ks£sKr7|! V^/^F^/^^S^^Sr ously, warms the stomach and liver, overcomes all pain and re-
V 'JIJ m3s&£k 'tH&fl&ftß&F stores vigorous strength to every part. It is unlike every other
\ 'I Wfwsy&B&H&SEaEr electrical body belt on the market to-day. It is new, has im-
/fpT>+^ \\ i provements contained in no other; i* stronger than any other;
<^^^',"*x» I -I r> B^Mmffi^^^P^J warranted for one year. You can feel its soothing glow, but it
f^e-A^rS^'.l 'm'ivf. nsliisfHLllran never burns nor blisters, having tho Dr. McLaughlin special
f •;>/•:' ••','-Vc;\ Vif."^ g^ga^aKJßSw cushion electro and regulator.
;;i^j^v y I)] Si'- W&sMWsffl&i % 10 000 f!TIRIi!SI Hverv town and hamlet in the country sings its
' - 7/1 % 1 1U ' UUU UUnilj^ praises; every town has a cure by the D Me-
] / I ** E^^wßraffißW ifl Laughlin Beit. It does not matter what has failed to cure you, if you
I [ih*<?>* %^ rUSkS Infillfi 1 are sicl< you w '" fintl il a ? lorioiJS relief from your troubles. Try it
'^^'MpSUII ' ■ FREE TEST. FREE BOOK.
jiyiti! i n •llllllf llXSSßmlltll 'Sffinr^ l To rove its owcr caM at my office and test lt free - See how different
*ss^^-tjffflr-\ MMmr^^Mlm 88l SIIFTS. it is from all others— how powerful, how neat anJ how thorough in
W s>r^V i il|^|pff |/|ffl|Hf||/t|^ x every detail. You can consult me free. I will gladly ttll you whether
- • I can help you or not. Those who cannot call should send at once for
THESE ARE LATE CURES: mv 80-page beautifully illustrated book. 1 send it by mail free with
_ Joy Belt cured my rheuraatlim of M years' standlns-H. A. Martin. Grizzly Symptom blank's.
* 'at, Col., Nov. 18th. * ■
cai Af Nov U "i3t? your BcU « I am relleved ° f *" paln * n my back - J - p - Jone «- R * Uef - Tin M A M/>T Qiirvlilin TO2 Mlrtlt «•• "' Ki.my. 8r •
Merchants" Exchange. 8. F.. Dec. at. Office hour»-S a. m. to 8:10 p. m.; Sundays. 1) to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUOSTORES.
F. E. Mason, president of the
Poultry .' Latlon, has on exhibition
n pair of light Brahmas. the finest
ever brought out to the West and
which the judges have given a score
of S9 l-lf, which Is considered remark
ably high. This pen a!.-o bids fair to
win the sweepstake prize of the show.
1.. M. I'^bl.-dtck, euprlnter.dent of thd
show, has the best Barred Plymouth
Rock cockerel ever exhibited on the
coast and which has been award<>i
first prize.
Judges Henry Berrar and CharJes
R. Harker have been busily engage!
all day, and up to this evening have
announced the following awards:
Barred Plymouth Rocks: Pen»— First, O.
A. 6ealy, San Jos?; second. F. Forbes,
Napa: chJrd. W. EL Arps, Oakland: fourth.
F F< rbes, Kara: fifth. L. N. Cobbledlck.
Oakland. Cocks— First, W. H. Arp, Oak
land: second. O. J. Albee. Lawrence: third.
F. Forbes. Napa: fourth. Willow Poultry
farrr, Frultvale; fifth. John Howe. Oakland.
Cockerels— First, second and fourth. I* N.
Cobbledlck. Oakland; third, W. H. Arps.
Oakland: fifth. Ossood & Eons. Oakland.
Hens— First. W. H. Arps. Oakland: second.
F Forbes. Napa; third. W. H. Aits. Oak
land: fourth. Georg» Sherman, Berkeley;
fifth. O. J. Albee. Lawrence. Pullets— First.
W. H Arp*. Oakland; second. F. Forbes,
Napa: thlrfi. W. 11. Arp«. Oakland; fourth,
J Allies Nalsniith, Oakland; fifth, F. Forbes,
Napa.
the United States, will be discontinueil.
The two launches Guard and Scout will
be attached to the United States cutt-r
Grant and Lieutenant Balllnger and Lieu
tenant Cutter have been ordered to re
port to Captain Tozler of the Grant.
Lieutenant West had been ordered to the
White Plymouth Hocks: Pens— First and
second. C. G. Hinds. Alameda: third. H.
W. Kelley, Oakland Cock*— First. C. O.
Hinds, Alamrda; second, O«orga Sherman,
Berkeley; third, 11. W. Kelley. Oakland.
Cockerels— Georjre Sherman, Berkeley;
second. E. M. Eastman. Slssons; third. F.
H. Hunter. Alameda; fourth. C. O. Hlnda.
Alameda: fifth. H. W. Keltey. Oakland.
Hens— First, second and fifth. C. O. Hinds,
Alameda; thirl. H. W. Kelley. Oakland;
fourth, Mrs F. B. Van N'ostrand. Alameda.
Pullets— First, second, fourth and fifth. C.
G. Hinds. Alameda; third. J. 11. Edson.
Oakland.
Light I'.rahmaj: Pens— First. F. E. Mason.
Alnmeda; second. Miss T. D. c. Hleleken.
Call;- --a; third and fourth. F. Forbes!
Napa. Cocks— First, second and fourth. F.
Forbes. Napa: third and fifth. F. E. Mason.
Alameda. Cockerels— First and third. F. E.
Mason. Alamrd.i; second. F. Forbes, Napa;
fourth. Georce Giblln Jr.. Melrose; fifth.
William Roberts, San Lorenzo. Hens—
First, pecond. third and fourth. F. E. Mason,
Alameda; fifth, F. Forbes. NaDa.
Houdana: Pens, cocks— First. F. A. Row-
Bell, San Leandro; second, George A Seeley,
San Jose. Cockerels— First. F. A. Rowsell.
Pan Leandro. Hens— First and third, F. A.
Rowsell. San Leandro; second, George A.
Scaly, San Jose. Pullets— First, second,
fourth and fifth, F. A. Rowsell. San Lean
dro; third, George A. Scaly, San Jose.
On Friday evening the association
will elvo a banquet to the visiting
poultrymen.
Perry. Chief Engineer Barrows has bcci
ordered to New York.
■• .
Appointed Bishop of Santiago.
ROME. Doc 6 -Mgr. Sbarettl has been
appointed Bishop of Santiago do Cuba.
WEST
GREYHOUNDS
SHOW SPORT
ON THE FIELD
Matchless Wins the Mid
week Stake at Union
Park.
J. Collins* Matchless won th* midweek
Reserve stake- at Union Conning Park
yesterday, with Frank MrComb's Mls.i
Skyrocket as runner-up. The lutter wu
unfortunate In her course with Julius
Caesar Just before the final. She waa
compelled to do all the work after a
strong hare, running up a score of 23 to
0 before sho won. Matchless, the ulti
mate winner, put out Sky Bluo, Irxna,
Vanity Fair, Shootovtr and May Queen.
The score In the latter course was 4 to
3. showing: now cleverly matched were
the brace of greyhounds.
The comedy element of the day's sport
was supplied by Gallagher and Lily of
the Valley. They ran across the field
once to the escapes, when th* hare circled
back Into the field. Gallagher waited at
the escapes for his opponent to drive tho
hare back to him. Ihls she did. but an
the hare approached he Jumped over It.
The hare started down the Held again ami
the dogs abandoned pursuit. The hare
finally escaped, and the score being even
the dogs were sent back to the slips. Lily
of the Valley won the second time out.
lieforo the "no go" the betting was 5 to
1. Gallagher favorite, while the second
time Lily of the Valley was favorite at
odds of 2 to 1. The actions of the dog.*
amused the spectators.
The hares were a strong lot, a num
ber escaping, whllo tho relief dog was
used In several courses. The results of
the day's sporty with the ofllciai scores,
follow:
J. Col«maa'a Good-by beat B. p*aa"« Tt*»
Silver Boy. 6-3: Curtis & S^n's Commo«Sori» beat
M. London's Magneto. ;'. ;. Connell bra*.' Lfs
Uov beat J. II l'erlgo'a Cuntroller. 7-5; Erwin
tz Lyons' May Queen beat J. CL>ow<l'a Cltftnn
Lass, S-0: Curtis & Son's M X ::■.:••>• beat d
Geary's Bonnie Pasha, \%-l, J. 11. Ivrtfoa
I-ndy Davenport bout T. J. Cronln's D«"p«nJ on
Me. 7-5: J. McCormark'M IIar« Eraln !• it
Pasha Kennel*' Reannox. 14-10; AenetJ K>-n
neln' Aenea« beat <;•- i »■■ Buebn'a Aloha. 13-4;
Jeff Martt-net's Bill Foster beat Fleming Bros '
Flame. 7-0; Curtl* tk Son's Vanity Fair beat
J. McCormack'a Hlark Ihilry. 10-&; J. Colllna'
Matchless beat P. McCatw'a Sky Blue. 1-0;
<Jus Abercromble's Irma I -.it F. C. Mark's
Ivlla M. 4-2; P. Rellly's Rxpense beat Con
nell Bros.' Clover. 10-3: J. O'Dowd'a Shootorer
beat J. 11. PerlKO'a Pretty Girt. 7-5; Ed Wll
;• n'» Magnet beat Samuel Moore's Rox. (-4:
Aeneld Kennels' Pretender teat M. B. Kav
unaugh'a Hi Unes. 8-0: T. J. Cronln"s Iron
Ijukn b^at E4 Wllson'ft M.icnesla. 8-4: F. A.
McComb's illrs Skyrocket beat Conneil Broa.'
(»re»n Isle. 1-3; W. J. Brownlne*a Mountain
Belle beat F. A. McComb'a One Hpot. 3-1: Stert
& Knowles' Frosty Morn beat Flerntna; Bros."
Fury. IS-7: J*a!«ha Kennels' Royal Anne b-it
Aeneld Kennels' Asamemnon. 9-2; St*rl A.
Knowles* (CHara beat Jeff Martenet'a Bernal
Boy. 20-1: S. E. Portal's Laurelwood beat M.
B. Kavanaugh's Swedish. 5-0; W. McCarthy*
Lily of the Valley beat S. E. Portal's Oallanher.
6-1; T. Lotraii'n Mln Grizzle beat P. Rellly'a
Master Mat. 3-0; Russell. Allen ft Wilson's
Julius Caesar b*at Ilanly & Smith's Ida. 5-3:
Curtis £ Sin's Flyln* Fox beat P. E. Portal*
Sophl<», 11-3; F. A. McComh'a Little Joker b^at
H.mdy £ Smith* Victor Queen. 4-1.
Second round— Commodore b^at Onofl-by. B-3;
May Queen beat Los Hoy. 13-3; MeKln'.^y beat
Lady Davenport. *-3: Har* Brain beat Ast Mm*
12-10; Vanity Fair twat mil Foster. 11-«: Match
less teat Irma. 7-3; Shootover b*at Expense
K-4: M.icnet b«t Prefnder. 7-«: Miss Bky
rocket beat Marnesla. 5-0: Frosty Mom b»*t
Mountain Bell*. 15-S; Royal Anne b»at O"Hara.
8-0: Laurelwoo<l beat Lily of the Valley 1-4-
Julius Ca»". b*at Miss Grizzle, 10-1, Flyln*
Fox beat Little Joker, 27-li.
Third round— May Queen beat Commodore. 12
10: McKlnlcy a by*. Hare Brain drawn: Match
less heat Vanity Fair. «-l: Shootov»>r beat Mar
n»t. 18-12: Miss Fkyrorket b*at Frosty Morn
C-0; Royal Anne beat Laurel wood 14-S; Julius
Oesar a bye.
Fourth round— Mar Q-i»«n beat MeKlnler >.
I: Matchlena b«at Shootover. 10-4; Mlis ~Fky
rocket beat Royul Anne, 4-2; Julius Caesar a
bye.
Fifth round— Matchless beat May Q i«*n 4-3-
Mli>» Skyrocket beat Julius Caesar. M-0
Final— Matchless b*at Miss Skyrocket. 1-2.
AS THE DOGS WILL RUN.
The) stake at Union Cmirplnj? Park th!n
week •■♦limlt^fi to ctchty-eJght doffs, al
though over one hundred were offered nt
the draw last nlßht. The total prize
money Is $SO3. divided an follows: To th«
winner, $110: runner-up, $70; third. $50;
three at $30 each; five at $2?: eleven at 1!.".'
and twenty-two at $li). The. trains wlli
leave on Paturday at ll:"0 a. m. and 12:J»
p. m.. whilo the first train will leave on
Sunday at 11 a. m. The draw resulted as
follows:
Open •/-. eighty-eight do»»— 8. ifcCul
lough's Flashlnc Lass vs. J. Ke«naa'» Royal
linck; E. Casserly*a Silence vs. a. Van der
White 1 Master Gordon: J. Dean'i Coanemara
Continued on Eleventh Page.JOE DE LAVEAGA
HEIR TO A VAST
LANDED ESTATE
Judge Coffey Finds in
His Favor.
END OF A LONG LEGAL BATTLE
»
Two Aunts and an Uncle, Who Con
tested the Successful Litigant's
Claims. Will Inherit the
Residue.
+
The controversy over the millions of the
lat« Josp Vicente de I^avoaj?a. hs far as
tho Superior Court is concerned, was
ended yesterday by Ju.lpe «-onVy. A de
cision \\m han.ie.l down l«y the court In
th* mailer" of the distribution of the es
tate, nnd Anselmo Jose Maria de Lave*
aen. popularly known as J<ie «1«' Laveaira!
thi« lllecltlmate ron ot Mlruol A. do La
venpa and Barilla Banchcx. i 3 declare.!
therein as the heir ontitl«»d to one-fourth
f-f th«* entire estate. Two «=lsters and a
brother of the deceased will divide tho
residue and im-sco will prevail ;■■.;: tt:i
ovrr th« domain of tho D^ Lavoapas.
■ the
I
I
■ •
ADVERTISEMEXTS.
Free to the
Ruptured
Dr. W. S K •> o. the Well-known Au-
thority, Sends a Trial of His
Famous Method Free to All.
Any One Can Now Cure Themselves
at Home Without Pain, Danger,
Operation or an Hour's Loss
of Time From Work.
To the th->UMnds up->n thousands of rup-
tx:re*S people who are torturir.R themselves with
trusken and in tr.iwntary danger of d<"ath
from ftra!.£Tila:lnn I>r. W. S. Ulc*-. 41SE Main
f.rcrt. Adan-.w, N. V., will »end free to all a
trial of bia famous method that has tav.»d co
many Mve» and mad* m many men, women and
children v*-ll and s>tr^nK and permanently
rured rt old and difficult ructnre*. Do not be
!■•.. knnrl afxiut writing for the free trial. It
will cost you nothing and will enable you to
»»♦ how easily y<ju can cure yourself in a very
?h rt time without k*lnij an hour fmm work.
Vr. Hire Is determined that every *uff<-rliiff
maa or woman know the wonderful truth
that rupture can t>e cured and be therefore k»«!i-
eroUFly Kfnds, prepaid t«y mall, his methM.
atwo)ut«>lr fre*. «r..l j^t>u can make a fr»»e trial
<.r It. V'rit" in-lay without fail, an y.vj fan- ,
n't afT^rd to miss this fr*«» and generous offer.
Mr. r >. Nilarn. r-f S-»*n. Minn., had two very
j'i : at* U) nurtures. »>.^h ot which he cured
X"-rt:anpr;ily at hin Jiome. without FUfferinr any
■" ~-^^ r«!n or losing any
tlrne from work.
/JK*S?€&r^@\\ naa% Kl<-e meth'.>l
I X&-i "This wor.drrfui
/ FJi^tl — . t' r T' T A \ r>r "« cure !. ,«
I KBtl^^^^S^l r r " v<vn tn «!1
IjPy*'- -. i *XTH( ' "'"" '" ' : ' : ' X " '■'"
\Vjra('i'* > "^tT^KSriW J | - !r< * ( '- I »fn fully
\ *>' ~r\ •--•■ — ' ; j"-»*i^fcj|^ / cured of two bad
\\fK 1? ■ <S?Jfjy*r I *crotal njptures
'Li^k «\_ ; 7\i.km3/ an<s am v er> - prate-
tf*<^l*ta' v J )?^" l f"^'ft9?' f" 1 t0 £*• Wee 'or
s " ■l? I J.«-rV9xfs laving Invented
\^.-\i^l^^ nirh a Godrend. I j
am. «t. who rupturM
will u>e it." Perd yoijr name ami address to !
Dr. W". P. R!rf. tISB Main st.. Adams. N. V.. j
atA ht will gladly send you a free trial with
full Instructions tut to how you can quickly
•nd easily cur»» youraeK at home. Write to- I
day. I>n't wait. If yr.u b»>gin now you Will '
b* <-ur*-d f-nund as a dollar long before spring
» -rk b^^i.-.v.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallei j
on Application.
EO3KS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY, j
1«? to 511) Ofary I L:eet. Abov» Pnwoii
PF.niODICALS. HOOKS AND BTATIOKERT. :
COAL. COKR AND PIO IRON.
J C WILSON & CO- t ,»«> «»«*nr Str-t.
J V- TT ILJUiI tt W-! Telephone Main ISS4.
FRHSH AND SALT MEATs!
.US WYES 4 CO, Uu-.chers. 104
FURS.
IW. LOF^T4n , v i Mi te<v^ p . (eM> , efnod#iipc
.i. . lvi ji mm%
IRIN FOUNDERS.
n [ .MI.U H'L.mtil. Props., m Fremont
t>t_ Canines of Every Inscription Mad* to
Or««-r. Trl. Black ISO.
PAPER DRALHR*.
WILLA.ULI 1C 7 :i Montcomrry it
PRINTIN3.
F f ftl'fiHF^ I'niNTER.
C- W- lilUllCj. e7le 71 Ransome el.. R. F.
STATIONLV ANU PRINTER.
?'%£** PAfiTRIDGE Q> »^"
inn ASH STEAM COAL?SSK%i^S
P1A11OXI) COAX MINING CO.. at Us GItKKN
RIVEK COLLIERIES. Ii the Hest Coal in ifca
B-.mnt. «. 'tr.cn and Y<.nJ»— <^o Main «trccU
FOB SATeT
?:«« »ere« cf choice rra'n land In Colana
County, Tlve miles ea«t ot Arhuckle. The land
U all reclaimed and absolutely protected by
lnde;>er.<l*nt 2eve«?B Jrora flood waters. The
?•)•■]« tor the past aeason was ever 13 «acks of
wheat per KTt.
Imprrvem»nti> ccr.slst cf a fne two-story
dwelling *'l'h hot • R( l r <>ld water throughout.
ILr^e larre «<arnn and w»!N.
Thf lend If awsiMssed fr.r ! 1 '"I Th« Improve.
Ts«nts an- Insured for i:r.."'-\
Tor further loformation apply to
J. \I.Z IL BROWN, Manner,
CAUIKOItNIA SAFK Pni'OSlT AND TRUST
COMPANY,
aiont^omerr and CaJlfornla «!s.. Sun Pranclsco.
jjglSliDß. HALL'S HEIXYIGORATOR
irJlrV 1:s " hundred r.ujrl i.. r any
yr"™ '^W cr.!".* we cannot cure. This secret
M - • y !frr.<-<!y rtopa all i- ->.-■, m d»
rjES Lour*, currm Kmlanlnnn. Impo-
jTJJI rTnTi ' rr 'cy. Varicoeelt\ Gonorrhoea.
■ R"i» r^V! '•>»t. Fits. Htrlctures. I^on
&M—£ki, Manhood and wastlrjr effects
*"• -- ■ - » n( t.r>Jf-nni!fe or exressen. Kent
eeal^d. 12 bottle; t. Unties, fj; Ruaranteed tv
cure, any case. Address HAM MEDICAL. IN-
STITUTE. K& Uroadway. Oakland. fat Al»o
for sale at 10T3H Market St., 8. F. All private
i..l IW( cured. Scad for fret I .».. • I
BOHEMIAN CLUB OPENS ITS ART
EXHIBITION IN FORMAL STYLE
Fi • and ■■:■.■ men rath
ereii at tho Bohemian Club yesterday
afternoon In flocks and droves to yaze
•with critical eye upon the many : il!'t
lnp*> that stud the walls of the new jinks
room. Water colors and oils held sway
nnd the local artists were there to call
attention to the best their brushes have
produced. It was an exhibition and .1 sale
as well as a formal opening and now thai
the f=tamp of approval ha_s boon put upon,
th«> ?how hy the ladies who flocked to the
club In treat numbers success for this
exhibition «3 certain.
Hhlp
:v and
mother being: Jiasni.l Sanchez, but not
withManilinc his Illegitimacy he was
acknowledged by his father as a natural
Fon. and after Mis mother's death La
rcaga took him Into his custody and
lived with him in this .-•■•■ for some
time. afterward placing: him in the cus
tody of Dr. Wilhelin Uohrmanii, all of ho
time paying for Ills education and sup
port. After Jose Maria de Kaveaya died
Ills will was produced and In It he
acknowledged himself to be the father
of the boy and bequeathed him his entire
estate. The sisters made answer to the
young man's petition in which they de
nied its essential averments.
In his opinion Judge Coffey ,'ns at
the time when tho boy's grandfather,
Don Jose Vicente de Laveaga, came
with his family to Snn Francisco in April
of ]SG7. his household consisting of him
self, his wife, three daughters and his
son Jose Maria, father of the claimant,
and two servants, Hasilla Snnchez and
Jopefa Ivopez; how subsequently Jose
Maria fell in love with th.' servant
Basilla, with the result that the claim
ant was born and acknowledged by Jo«e
Maria as his son. Jose Maria, however,
was anxious that his father and mother
should remain In Ignorance of the condi
tion of the servant Basilla; and he ar
ranged to send her to Mexico. She went,
but a short time afterward a letter v - IS
received from Mexico telling of tin* true
condition of the girl. Nacha. Jose Maria's
sister, began to rate him for the decep
tion, whereupon he struck her and I' ■'
the house, lie found work dusting pov.s
at St. Francis Church on Vallejo street.
and when his family went to the house
of worship he would wait to see them go
In and thon tell his friend. Torrontequl.
that he was satisfied with the sight of
his parents and could sleep with pleasure
having seen them. I luring all of the time
J<-,«./-. Mar:< . .I'it-ii loyal to his child
and the girl who gave him birth.
From all of the proofs the court find*.
that it can fairly and logically be Inferred
from all of the"facts that Jose Maria de
Laveapa acknowledged th« claimant an
his own son and that his prayer for par
tial distribution of the estate to him
should be granted. In conclusion Judge
Coffey grants the prayer of the claimant.
Ansoimo Jose Maria de I^aveaga. rind
the young man by his own right comes
Into possession of on<--fourth of the entire
estate of his deceased uncle, Jose Vln
cent<» de T*TVcapa. which is valued In
total at $W.71fl V*. Th.> sisters and broth
ers of the deceased will inherit the bal
ance in equal shares.
Timothy J. Lyons and Oarret "W. Mr-
Enerney appeared as counsel for the
flstci?.* Anselmo Jose de ■•■•.■ i was
represented by J. J. Dwyer, Thomas F.
Harry and John barber, and Daniel
Kng« rs represented the executors.
Dolores de Rivera, claiming to be Do
lores Apalonia de Laveaga; daughter of
Jose Maria de Laveaga and heir thereby
to Jose Vicente de Laveago^ met defeat
In her effort to break in and establish
h<irshfp. She claimed to l.r- the daughter
of Jose Maria de Laveaga and Jesus Bus
tillos. The court, however, finds that her
claims were without basis, and her case
fails upon each and every call of the
code. sh<- was represented by William
Craves, Graves Ac Oraves. W. L. Pierce
and \V. S. Wood.
— — _
Services at St. Ignatius
■■ ptlon
• . piatlus
■
• will be i
Th« m rmon in
I
m* •*- A Fift >- C ent piece by itpelf Is vague, but when It Is
I*^. I I attached to a *hare of cur otock It then has a value
rill ' * h!ch '■ rui ' I r OK MKANIN<;. This you will read-
Ily "' 1r ' •' If you will Investlffate our offer. Our land Is
X^j i I'ATKNTKI), and In the most promising portion of
£ 1 /^x *VS% 4* ***' th< * Famou « Kern River Oil District, with OIL WEIXS
I jßlll S *!>•!«> I MN«. not mile. away. The confidence of
VvJll \JKJ thls company In Us holdings la proven by the fact that all
___,_ eto^ k "' !h " Incorporators in held In escrow, not to be
TTJ I^^ -^ -A, released until such time as the company I. on a dlvl-
I rl 51 T dCn<3 raylnK baM "- Only Treasury stock Is offered for
JL XJLLOv W lal1 al . r# ° n(J a limited amount will bo sold at «O OK.NTS
I>l-:K S1IAIIF: Don't buy stock until you have
▼ ▼ looked carefully Into what we have to offer. All Infor-
ImJ £\ O matlon cheerfully given and valuable prospectuses and
R B maps for the asking
XaI^KJ
a | STERLING OIL AND DEVELOPMENTCO.
wy 1 • 85-30 Crocker Building, Third Floor.
\# Q I HO! DIRECTORS: W. S. Oace. Pre..; J. A. Buntln*.
¥ -fXA ijLw* ' vlc< rr * »- ; J - C.Hampton. X. K. Maaten. H. H.
■ *•%/-•. "*^ Blood.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALX, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1899.
Bo prolific has been the production of t*ie
local artists and some of the visiting con
tributors that •:•)..- Ims were necessary
for the exhibition of their palntinprs. in
the green room, red room and dining
room some of the perns of this exhibition
have lN»«>n hung. The halls are adorned
with late, pictures and everywhere the
visitor strayed something: new greeted the
eye.
Many a ■woman who attended the exhibi
tion yesterday ■■. in the counter
part In "il and this afforded much
pation for (i visitor in Identify
ing subjects. ••That is she," t\. v s beard
Ita. In all Instances th>- artist
• loose in U
COAST TRADE THREATENED.
RAILROADS WILL
ENTER PROTEST
AT WASHINGTON
•
Business Injured by a
New Ruling.
The Treasury Department at ■yTnshing
ton has just made a ruling that has
caused Kreat perturbation in railroad cir-
l. -. ns the effect of the ruling will bo to
deprive th« transcontinental lines of a
lar^c quantity of freight business, which
will be transferred by reason of the ruling
to the Canadian Padflc Victoria and
Vancouver and the Panama route by
water.
The following letter from Assistant Sec
retary O. L. Spaulding to Collector Jack
son will explain the matter fully. Tho
Southern Pacific Company and the Pacific
Mall Steamship Company Intend to pro
test to the Treasury Department against
the ruling:
The Department Is In receipt from the Col
lector of Customs at Fan Francisco of a tel«-
Kram urdT date if the 3d Instant, requesting
to be Informed whether the decision of Novem
ber 13. U99, prohibits the shipment of mer
chandise In transit through th« United Ptates
for exportation from Europe to Asia or adja
cent islands and vice versa, under the act of
June 10. lsV), or In limited to shipments to
Canada or to Mexico. iii view of the fart that
"Kocils ntlnue to nrrlve from New York un
der immediate transportation entries for export
to Honolulu. Asia, etc."
in th n I !iav.- to Inform ymi that
O." decision of Norember IX ISM (T. D
prohiblti generally the ihlpmenl ••! merchan
dise tiir«>uj?h the tTnlted Statei In tr.m^n under
the Act of .Jun.' l". ISM.
Whenever merchandise arriving In the United
Ftates is shown by the manifest. Invoice or bill
of lading to be Intended for exportation other
wise than Canada or to Mexico undei Section
30t»5. Revised Statutes, or to and from Canada
! under the provisions of the treaty of Washing
ton it may be entered for warehouse and trans
(Hirtatton to the port of exit, .it.,! there entered
for rewarehoiiF* 1 and exportation, or it may h
entered for consumption, but It can not be.
entered for Immediate transportation and ex
portation In bond, there being no provision of
law therefor, nt r ("hipped under the Act of June
Id. IVO. an that Act in no way relates to th»
yhipment of merchandise In transit through
the United States for exportation.
The Art referred to contemplates only the
trarispottatlon of mi. merchandise as "6hall
appear by the Invoice or bill of lading an«l
manifest of the Imi'^rtlnK vessel to be con
signed to and destined for either of the ports
specified In the seventh section" of the Act.
and th? same examination and* appraisement of
such merchandise "shall be required and had
at the port of destination, as srould huv« been
required at th* port of Brsl arrival. If such
merchandise bad been entered for consumption
or warehouse at such j«'rt." . ..•.-,
The entry for warehouse and transportation
of the merchandise above referred to Involve*
appraisement and the ■ production of a duly
certlfled Invoice. You will be governed accord
ingly.
tion of the counterfeit presentments was
found with the fair subject of his pen and
brush.
The sale shows the Interest taken in the
exhibit. Although the exhibition will not
be concluded until the. lGth of this month
many paintings have already been ■i -
posed of. The prices have been catalogued
and the public buyers came to the display
prepared for the offering. The opening
was announced as formal, but was really
Informal in character. Music by a string
orchestra, hidden by palms and Qoral
decorations, acted as an Incentive to the
artistic '.onginßs of the club's Ruests. At
no time during the afternoon was the
club uncrowded.
One of tli. paintings whioh rmractprl t.lO
most attention was a portrait of Miss ricy
denfeldi by John Wiiianl Clawson. It Is
hung •f h wall of the lmlv
in a very prominent placo. Joullln. Cnris
• ■::. Pranda McComas, j'thn Btan
ton and <;. <'a<lonns.-s.. have contri
many noteworthy pictures, orrin r
■a Bavarian Garden." bung in the green
mom. received the greatest attention of
the connoisseurs. Altogether the cxl 'i<i
tl"ii tins \.;ir has been In excess of any
that ■ led, 1.-.th in number .1. d
th«- quality of |>irtur»»s proili..-
TEA IMPORTING
TRADE OFTHIS
COAST MENACED
New York Now Hop-
ing to Grab It.
The tra importing trado of the Parino
Is threatened. Bach Is the Interpre
tation of certain recent indications that
prominent tea Importers of Ban Francisco
entertain, it is a large business. Ladt
year tho importation through the port of
San Francisco amounted to •.«
pounds. A great volume of tnd
poured in through the port of Tacoma
which If the other ton importing point of
the J'acitic Coast when there is .
• nminer. In the first nine months of tho
present year the importations of tea t.,
the port of San Francisco amounted to
; i ounds. These JiKures sufficiently
Illustrate the extent of the tea import
trail.- locally and its vaJue to Importers,
and ills., to transportation companies that
nii.ve the freights ovi-r the Pacific and
th<- continent.
Tin- danger that mr-naces Ban Francisco
In this regard Is the greed : x,. w y,, Ik
Thi >i.>r> i>, a long one. it begins with an
order two months .i«.. to ti<- Collector ol
tin Port ot Sin Francisco and also the
Collectors of ;iii other n-.i Importing ports
In the United States with the exception
oi New \>-rk. to >.. ;i<i to the tea examiner
..i the united Stat.s at New York for th.»
period of six months from the date of the
order "four-ounc< samplet of :iii im.
teas, whethi r admitted t., entn or
not. lor the purposes of comparison "
i nis order was made known soon to tho
Importers. What action has been taken
by tbe Importers elsewhere is not known
here. I h.- Ban Francisco Importers moved
as soon as possible to miiki- a protest
That protest was made upon the ground
that to sens tin- samples to the examiner
at New York would have the .-nv.-t of
placing that official in the position of
supervising examiner, an otit<-.- not recog
nised in the t<-a law; also that M would
He within his reach to injure the com
merce oi t<a importing ports Other than
New York.
The protest made a prent stir at Wash
ington. Assistai. t Secretary <». 1.. Spauld
i\\K <>f the Treasury Department took up
ih<> hint that the power t" control the tea
trade of the country mlgbi !..■ kk.-ii to
the tea examiner at New York i.v the car
rying out of thr- original order. Mr 1
Spauldtng wrote ■ letter, in fact, In which '
!.•■ s;Md >- lt havtni been shown that it '
whs int the Intention of the Instructions
to clothe tin tea examiner at New Y.iik
with power in supervise the findings of
other tea examiners it is rim deemed ne
ry to reply to that p<>rii..ii (( f ([,,»
letter expressing the apprehension that it
would li«- within his reach t<> Injure the
i commerce "f other t<=-a Importing ports
further than to State thai it is th<- belief
nf this department, based upon reports
received as t" the official conduct of such
examiner, that his examination of teas i-<
wholly impartial and uninfluenced l>y geo
graphical considerations."
At the tint tiin-- Information was re
ceived here that the order was issued at
the Instance of the chairman c.f th<'
Hoard of Tea Experts, which sits at New
York, and that the Idea had been enter
tained at Washington that the wishes of
the chairman represented equally w.il the
desires of the other members of the
Board •<( Experts.
Til.- duties <<f th^ Hoard of Experts has
been supposed t<> be only the establish
ing of tea standards one- »\, vy v ,.,, r f or j
the Kuldanc- «.f the trade, and alpo th»-
Bye tea examiners, respectively nt New
York. San Francisco, St. Paid, Chicago
and Tacoma. There was seemingly s sug
gestion that the Hoard oi Kxperts miKht
bo used aa an appeal board, which was
something entirely new. The tea exam
iners. It may he explained, act Independ
ently of one another, being selected by
civil service examinations.
The representation that thn order would
have only the effect of hriiiKint? about
uniform tea examinations did not qaiet
the apprehensions' of the San Francis.-o
tea Importer." in the least. They still see
the danger in this innovation and are
a waiting anxiously advices from Wash
inttoa which may arrive In a few dai't
COMMISSIONERS
OF POLICE TOOK
SUMMARY ACTION
Retired and Appointed
Officers.
CHIEF LEES UNDISTURBED
He Will Hold Office Until His Succes
sor Is Appointed Under the
Conditions of the
New Charter.
The I Polio*, rommisslon^r!" m<"t
last night and after listening to evidence
In the cast - Deer < !oj i
tiring four men. appointing five new of
ficers and ftnlng Policeman William Har
rison $0o for being off his beat, adjourned
Bed with its efforts for
one ni^ht.
Commissioners Tobin. Alvord and I
went int. i session at 7..',»7 ..',» o'clock.
! hi the i oundl ta
ble, while Captains Bpfllane ami Qllleo
in attendance, ready to lend their
aid. The first case called \\as that of
Special Officer Coyne, who wa.» accused
by Behrend Joust with having assaulted
him. Evidence was offered by both
and %fu-r a Dumber of witnesses were
examined the Commissioners disi;
th< charges.
Officer William Harrison, one of the
most popular men on th»- force, was lined
half his Utoi iry for !>• in« uflf his
Harrison was caught coming!
out (it ;i restaurant ai a time i
when he should have been <<n his rounds. :
The unlucky policeman Informed the '
Commissioners that ).■ rell cold and lmd
dropped in the cafe to »-■• t a cup ol
He afterward stit.o. thai had h»
nut waited to munch some doughnuts be
would not have 1 n caught. He thinks
his midnight meal was rather expensive.
President Tobin stated in open -•
that Chief Lees would hold office until
his successor was appointed i>y the ln
oimlriK board. Although the Chiefs term
bad already expired, th< | minis
■loners refrained from taking action out
of courtesy to th< ir bucc< -
Sergeant T. D. Barnstead. Patrick Mun
han, Amos Williams and Thomas J. Imik
pan were retired <,n account of .ik>< and
illlty; and Phillip Reilly, Harry V.
Bralg. Robert Watt Kentsel, a son 01 tlif»
late Captain Kentsel; William U. Proll
and ''■'■ ru. Casnel were appointed to the
fi'p-e. The latter was made ■ policeman
ai the request of <"hi'i Lees, who has
tak<n a friendly Interest in Cashel
the day h<> pulled the late Lieuti
Hnrko out of the reach of the deadly tire
poured Into the officers by Tucker
Haynes, the cci entrlt •
serving a lif-.- sentence for klllii
brave officer.
The case of nmcor Filhon, who was
bn>uKhi up before the board f->r
i ing the proprietor of a Chinese laundry
g a r.ui- :!• • • wa ntii
■ tWO We. ks.
At present they ilci not know just how
t h»-ir business will be affected
Charles B. Piati of th< Rrm of .1 A
■ & Co. ol this citj is a m<
of th>- Board of Tea Experts. He «;• -
dined to be Interviewed yesterday. C.
Toohy is • ■ . imlner i I
eminent at this port. The !<>.■. ( i t.-a tm
portera ;\r.' confident that Mr. Plan will
not t:ik<- any action t<> th.ir detriment
Appraiser John T. Dan
ddence in the accuracy <>f the examina-
No ■ omplaint has
rk by th"' '!
ury Department "Thia la .1 matt
proat importance to the coast," ?n\<\ Mr.
I»arp. "t haw no knowledge of a
action .-it Washington. I am Inti ■
In th.-' success <<f the merchants "f <'.iii
fornla, ;in<l I h(.pf> thi y will I
with the
r« is ■ probability that th«« v
n m i f n-r at Tacoma may hereafter exam
ine the t.;i samples for Portland and Se
attle. Hitherto the San Francisco •
Iner has made the Inspectlona for all
the Northwesi and ai>'> foi Lof Angelea
and San IHi ITO.
POISONED THE DOG AND
THEN ROBBED THE HOUSE
Thomas Magee's Vacant House Strip
ped of Its Fixtures — Capitalist
Kavanagh's Terrier Killed.
The polif-o are searching for a «ang of
burglars who entered a vacant house at
the corner of Vaji Ness avenue and Eddy
street on Tuesday night and stripped it
of pas fixtures, lead pipe and other valu
able articles.
Thomas Kavannsh. tho well-known cap
italist, whose residence adjoins th<
cant house, visited police h- ad. , ua rt . rs
last nipht and reported the crime H-
stated that the house was owned by
Thomas Uagee, the real estate agent, and
that the latter knew nothing '■: the rob
bery, lie is extremely angry because the
desperadoes poisoned his valuabli
terrier and he would like t,, them
caughi and punished.
h — rdlng to his story be h^rd the nnv;
barking about midnight, but paid do .h
tentlon to it because It was a nightly oc
currenoe. He is now sorrj that he did
not rise and Investigate a> the faithful
creature was trying to warn his mastei ■■;
the presence of the burglars. The next
morning the dog was found lying stiff in
the back yard and beside n a pl< ■
meal which had been evidently thrown
to the canine i>> the criminals. The dog
was highly valued by Mr Kavanagh as
it was given to him by Architect 11
The police have their ■■>■ i on a crowd
ol hard characters who hang around In
the vicinity of r..lk street. Mr M •
loss will amount to nearlj 800, while Mr.
Kavanagh's loss Is irreparable.
TELEPHONE ORDINANCES.
License Committee. After Listening
to Protests. Defers Action.
Representatives of ih>- Pacific Telegraph
:i nti Telephone Companj appeared jrester
ii:.\ before the i ■ immlttee <d" the
Board <>i Supervisors '■■ argue on the pro
test against the passage of an ordinance
Imposing a ;.'\ of H a quarter on nlckel-
In-the-slot attachments to telephone I
providing a penaltj In cases when
number Is nor given after th<- nickel h.i^
been dropped. Attorney K. S. Pill
addressed the committee and claimed that
the board was not empowered to Impose
a license of the kind Intended. H<
that if th»- ordinance was would
!>«■ taken t.. th- which be confi
dently believed would decide against it.
Secretary T. w. Eaton of the company
followed a".>l *-.\U\ that the ordl
would Involve an expense of 80.000 a
New contracts would have to i><- mail ■
tailing a lo>- of :;•! per cent of the sub
scribers. The companj already paid a
• ■ of J'.'ii a quarter and a revenue of
$:u»'.<»«t. which was largely In excess of Im
real Income !!•• urged thai the nickel
%•.. re simply a rec.rd of the number
of rwltches used, which record was here
tofore kept in the ortii •■ and occasioned
much dissatisfaction. Tho nlot i>..x.v; had
been Introduced with a \i--w to reducing
the cost oi the telephones to the public.
in r'-".it<l to the other ordinance covering
failure of the company to raise the de
sired number, Baton stated that the com
pany stood ready \>> pay back the money
wrongfully exacted and that errors and
omissions were <in!t.- likely to occu
tho mechanism was not perfect. Superin
tendent l-o!:!s Glass sitd that th.
paii.v hail been able to reduce the rates
only by the use of th<- nlckel-in-the-slot
attachments.
Supervisor Algeltlnger was In favor <>f
acting on the ordinances Immediau
ter Hie argument w;i~ finished, i>ut Super
visor Black's motion t<> defer consl
tion until next Monday morning prevailed,
when some recommendation will be ■
to t)ie hoard at it^ meeting In the after
noon.
. ♦ ■
In the Divorce Court.
Bophle If. Mum has been grafted a di
vorce from Ifyrtls Blum on tt>' ground of
willful neglect. Lydia Bteinei was grant
ed i divorce yesterday from David E.
Steiner on the ground f failure to nro
viilf. Suits for divorce have been Ulea by-
Manuel B. Costa acainst Theresa a. B.
Costs tot desertion, George Manning
apainst (Irart- Hanninp for desertion and
Barbara Markel against William Marktl
for desertion.
THE EMPORIUM.
To-day and Friday only Choice CREAMERY
BUTTER, the regular 50c squares, Jffjf*
Open Evenings.
Concert To-Night at 7:30 by The Emporium Orchestra.
Santa Claus To-day, 10 to 12 a.m. and 1:30 to 3:30 p. m.
Box of candy for every child accompanied by parents or guardian.
The Emporium In Miniature This remarkable holiday
spectacle, made entirely of handkerchiefs, is the talk of the city.
Fifty feet long, seven stories high, it shows every detail of the
exterior of The Emporium building from sidewalk to flagstaff.
Now on exhibition in the east show windows. Do not fail to see it.
Hawaiian Quintet and Glee Club The famous musical
organization whose charming folk-songs and national music cre-
ated such a furor at the Midwinter Fair in this city will sing and
play at The Emporium to-morrow (Friday) evening.
Pretty Celluloid Goods
...for...
W% Holiday Gifts,
r£j7> \ 51 m m%PMmfsM€mJf %Jlmm%^m
JBya ttjiui Photograph Album s— Celluloi J cover*, with
\ < TT;*-Ha^«fS* beautiiul floral design.* in natural colors, heavy gilt
l Cr* "srs/ ill ed^e photo leaves, ac:ommodatiag 24 cabinet picture*
'' 7 -4¥*^r--^ ~ each suao
\,3~.f vV'Ui \r^&'/t Photograph Albums, more elaborate!/ finished,
y^<cs^¥j>/?> st - 50 to sw -
W4ffi7 'Wlfcy Autograph Albums Ii gilt letter
dS^^Wh/Tr C0T0 " 5 »
r~3** !^6»^Opr 1 Larger an 1 prettier Alounn....loc, 'S>- t» $1.2",
a ** — i, i,^| " Toilet Sets Mirrar, I rush anl comb in
-^-^ handsomi celluloid cast — each $1,00
Toilet and Manicure Fittings— A complete set, in elegant celluloid
" B ?' for $2.50
Collar and Cuff Box Very meful present for gentlem?n, a l-ujja
variety of style*, in all size* — prices range upwarl from- 500
Glove and Handkerchief Set -Hind* m celluloid
boxes with embossed woiding and flower* in variom colors. y?gj^
that i rice* upward from $t.OO -^2& H
Work Boxes and Baskets— Completely fitted __^^|M§jl^ji
with scissors and other zewin» implements sOc f^-jRr-wC 2 ***-:^***
Toilet Mirrors— With very handsom? hand-painted { '^m^^f^f\
porcelain backs, French plate, round glass ring handle jXfkt&i" y A I. '»
- ta<h $1.50 . . -^«v
Comb and Brush Sots— Brush hand- 1
painted, porcelain back, with rhue<i Bilv»r- . . •■*3^F r &
plated frame, fine bristles, tortoise shell comb /^J^X^S^r
with chased 8 lver-plated back, put u;> in neat Iv-^T^Ly^^
box $2,25 >s~i^^-'
Scrap Books- large siz?, with girt mi!
lithograph covers 15c
/ $9 Golf Capes $5. 75
&%( T^ 11 ' 3 new all-wool Golf Gape, in brown and blue, or
£%s&* black and white, finished with cloth strap and four
cL" uL^. row* of stitching, p!ail back* and hood, t^.;iihr' ID
3^^^^ each— on special -a - whi'e the lot last.* $5,9
1 cy> l\\ Golf Capo— Extra tong. doub!e faced (36 inches
.)/ F \\\\ long . ■did color it-id--, mv . browi and blic!»% with
/ m \ \ 'j\ re^ P'a-J back, hood, flcunco and facing, rt»<?nlarlv
/ M \\ ' \ ? 13 - 5C ~~ special while the lot hats at $8.45
J'l jjiSm. \ • -J New solid fanc7 color Sateen Underskirt, finest
Vj*t^g J>-^\ quality, lined all through, deep tlounce. corded, color*
t//"'/'i f '*/.// purple, cerise, red, gre?n ant blue, reguar!" $r?—
* ' special while the lot lasts $1.98
Special Sale of iv<\\
Trimmed Millinery I ;
To-day an! Friday only we offer three lots of Fine Mi- |^^^^>^V.\y
linery, splendidly trimmed in our best manner and mid cf first- jfe^i^^>^ii^>
clas> materias, at a little more than half their roiuhr values: *, Wt&y^T* fiT
?8. $9 and $10 Hat<— choice for- $5.00 fc&'l* J**A
$11, $12 and $13.50 Hats— choke for $7,00 C^V> *
$15 and $13 Hats— choice for $tO.OO
2» s THF CMPORIIIH^
Packed Mm& •«*■ "ITI Comes
In tin boxes for ™ • Ookknßllk Bazaar. or transfer* to
shipment. California iAMEST-A*in»iCA-5 oban.-.lst store. tnis , tOfe
BARBER-SHOP BUYER
CHARGED WITH FRAUD
GILBERT BOUGHT OX CREDIT.
DISPOSED TOR CASH.
Winston, N. C. Scene of the Sale and
San Francisco's Tenderloin the
Wind-Up of Pleasure.
\v. it. Gilbert, a r» fnk'< f from
from Winston. N. C, «■■
terday morning i>\ l>.-put\ United B
Marshal Henrj fcfoflltt on ;i warrant is
sued bj United E
. : I!• i
On October 12 of tliis your Gilbert, who
was a hardware merchant, was adjudi
cated a bankrupt by the United States
District Court for the western district <•(
North Carolina. After be had Bled his
■tatetnent It was charged by his creditor*
that be bad concealed and appropriated
jyjou in rash with Intent to defraud them.
A warrant was thereupon i«*ued for his
arr. -i by the United States District Court
Commissioner of the western district of
that Slate on December -. and the Federal
authorities here were notified to be on the
lookout for him. Detective Curtln and
police Detectives Cody and olb*on traced
Gilbert to his room at '■'■V- Mason street,
and !>•• was cniißht by Deputy MotMtt on
Kills street. near Powell, Just after he had
left hIK room.
Two weeks ago Gilbert walked Into .i
barber-^hop at •" Kills sstr»-et and asked
the proprietor what price he. would sell
his shop for. Gilbert was under the Influ
ence of liquor, but be evidently infant
business, and when the proprietor named
fjMO as the price Gilbert drew COH from
his pocket and handed it to the barber a.i
a deposit. He went away and returned lit
about an hour with HMO. the remainder
Of the purchase money, and the tonsorial
establishment became his. It i- believed
by the detectives that Gilbert succeeded
iii transferring the property to a third
party before his arrest. This person Is
.1 X. Wllllard, Gilbert's bosom friend,
who cam* out to this State with him.
It Is alleged that Gilbert went to Mew
York where he Is well known, and bought
on credit $15,000 worth of hardware, and
on his return to Winston sold the goods
for 0000 a "drive" unparalleled In that
town He at once came to 'his city and
left a roseate trail behind him In the ten
derloin. The maximum penalty for his
offense is Imprisonment In the peniten
tiary for two years.
Alcalde's Winter Social.
Alcalde Parlor of the Native Sons of the
Golden West s*ave the tlrst of it- winter
socials In Shasta Hull of the Native Sons*
building last night. The parlor proposes
to give "-'• of these on the first Wednes
day of each month to Its lady and gentle
man friends who are not members of the
order of Native Daughter* or Native Sons.
Th« one last night was In point of num
bers In attendance and Interesting fea
tures for the entertainment of .ill a de
elded success. The committee, consisting
of L. J. Hurley. K. Lastredo A. Rah
wyl'T. John Desmond and H. R. Davis,
presented an antedp.nce programme mad*
up of a vocal solo by Miss Morton; Span
ish dance. Miss Hozel Wolf; specialties.
M. Scunlon; buck and v:lng dancing. Mr.
Humphreys; vocal solo, Miss Kuvunaugh;
violin solo. C. A. Krone, and recitation.
E. Lastredo. The committee served Ice
cream, cakes and lemonade, after which
THE EMPORIUM.
th.-r»- was 'lanrinp fur an I i half.
'l he affali
soun •■ of enjoj mfnt tn n
or more w t... m i re in ihe hall
Sherwood's Winter Hop
The first of a series of hopa to he given
during th.- winter months by Sh'-rwo.nl
Circle of th.- Companions of the Korest
was Kiverj last evening in the social hall
of the Foresters' building. There was >i
Kood attendance and the programme. «>f
dances was will arranged, as they nlway-i
are ben this Hrcle gives a social func
tion. It was conducted under the direc
tion of the committee on management, of
which J. Goodman Is chairman. The tlo<.r
manager was Airs. S. I Till.
DOCTOR 1
MEYERS & CO.
GIVE MEN
LASTING VIGOR
And Cure the Following Ailments : (i
Kidney Diseases |Lost Minhooi j
Bladder Diseases Sleeplessi t
Liver Diseases [Despondency f-
Heart Diseases Nervous D.-bility I
Spine Diseases >Jen?ral Debility ft
Stomach Diseases Los* of Memory f-j
Private Diseases j Blood Poison ♦
PAY WHEN CURED
PM V !>KPOSIT TUT. U
■ price of a rurr • • any >>an r*ranol!».-r» fl
Irttnk to ».e pui.l only aft»r they ar«? w»-l!.
..r »n«y pay In monthly Installments.
I'rlern Kawnablea
-a.U!«an.l» f m m ar«- rtirr.| «t hom#
evrry yi-ar. If y.,»i Uo not llv* In s«an
Krinclwo writ- for fry- private Jm^k. «.l-
vt<^. question list. rti-. Ai» »crrr»pond-
encc c«>nn.lrntlal.
Ml MKYKHS *CO T.l Xf>rk»-t «r« r X
San Kr.in- is. .. llotim. - to '. (iully. ' to I I
rvenlnicK. 9 to 11 Sundays. R
ELEVATOR KNTRAXCE. f|
Ay rJOTHINC SO COOO! m
Furh*r:n>s*arTv.i»Tn»r.t JjSy
V2y for our boy*, our (Iris 4EI-''vU
■nd ever>iv»J> of nil ■<"• h* t fi4'B*'(i*\v£t;%
the II AKM 1.1 »<* Rl B Cm??a*:-jil>l
BKR-Tiri'f l» «IF'^»"^ liulKSstKm
PISTOL. Try your atm atfllS vfa^VßPtßx,]
Market it FREE. Wl iJiJWBtirV I
kI.ASTIC TIP CO.. Pa.t»n- * r - ln « * r »l""**'
t«es anil H«^-.'i.. j.~m i.
56
THURSDAY . .... DECEMBER 7, 1899
■ JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICES... Mnrltet and Third. S. F.
Tclrphonr Main ISCS.
llHliillUl. ROOM* 217 to 221 steVeaaon St.
' Telephone Main I*7l.
Delivered by Cnrrler«. If. Cents Per W>elt.
Stnilr I nplPd, .". C<*u(m.
Term* by Mali, liioln.lln— PoMnsret
1)1111 « %1.1. . ln< I inline 4iiri>la> t. one » t-nr. . !*o.On
DAILY < Ml (ini'l.ullnc Snnilnyi, «l mouth-.. . .".ml
DAILY CALL itiirlu.ilnc Snnitn) I, I month*. . UN
DAILY CALL— Ily Mnulr Month •••
St KOAI CALL One Venr 1- r '"
\\ » I Ivl 1 « 4.1.1. One Venr 1 " M>
All |n»l!ii«Mir« fire ntitborUcd to receive
nnbMcrlptlona.
Sample eople« 111 be fiirtrardrd rrheu reaneated
OAKLAND OFFICK 90S Ilrondway
P. OBSORGI X !'<•». M SS,
y Manacr I'om-Iru \d %t n i «.Ihk. Mnninette llnlld
liik. « lit<-n«<<.
BJI voniv connESPOSfDESTi
C. C CAItLTOX .Ilernld Sonnrf
\i \\ OIK "i »'<• "I «TATn Bl
rCnilY I.IKKNS .ill SO Tribune llalldlnc
Chicago m:\vs stakdsi
■Sherman llou«e| P. O. R«OT« Co.« (Jr.nt Xorth
rr« Iloteli Fremont lloitoe; Aadltoriuni Hotel.
xn\V YORK m \\ - STANDS I
Wnldorf-Aatorln Mot.l: A. llrrnlano, 31 Union
Squares Morrmjr Mill Iloiel.
■SJKASCSJ SffiCM — •»-" Montaomerr «treet. eor
■rr «"!«?. open until ■ ■•" o'rlork. :t(K> llnye«
• treet. open sin ii 1 DCM o'oloeU. SMS) MeAllUter
»ilrt-»-«. open until DtSO o'clock. 010 I.nrkln
■ ir.rl. nprn until S>nW o'clock. Mill >!!«.• lon
»ir..l open nnill lt> o'clock. 22*11 .Miirkct
dtreet, corner Mxlecnth, open until I) o'clock.
lotKJ Valrnrln mrrrl, open until 1* o'clock.
XXI i:ie«enth »treet, open until !• o'clock.
N\\ . corner ? <-i« t > -»<-€- . nd mill Kentucky
► treet •. open until ■ o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orjihrum— Vaudeville.
Orphrurn— !n ■.. 1 of the Ch«.rlr>- PunJ of the A»*3c!ated
Theatrical Munng-er*. Thurpfiay afternorn. December li.
Columbia— "Sher.andoah."
raltforn!a— "An Emmy to the Kin*."
Tlvoll— "Tar *nd Tartar" Paturday evenlnc.
Grand Or»m Huuae— "H:» Majesty."
Alrarar — "Mother Kanh"
Alhaml.ra— "Mr. I'lactcr of Part* "
Chute*. Zoo and Theater— Vaud« rtlla every afternoon and
cvcnlrc.
Olympla. corner Matin »nd Elllf itreetn— PpeclaJttet.
Central Park— F»erple<-hai«e and Coney Inland.
Panorama Uattle of Manila Kay. Markit ttreet. near
Elffhth.
"Western Turf Af«iv-Utlnn. Pun Mateo County— Race*.
AJCTION SALES.
■ • ' ' ■ -...-• ■ • r Van
r 12. at i:
THE IRRIGATION INQUIRY.
Toi the Soctel
a in Cali
c active co
ir, making the
which r.i-
Mr Elwood Mead. Chief r,{ the Irrigation Bureau
• inment.
<-ervers in this State
■:hirctf.
mourn :■.••: ii • i itream.
!>■ of water in the different irriga
■
Third — The claims upon the water collected by
stre;r
rtb— The water right t : *-
■•.-.s upon the water.
:h— The lands now irrigated and susceptible of
Hrth— TTh ■ -r . : w.->ter for use by
tern.
Nt to which the irrigable area can
■ thodl of distribution and
Tot re would add a ninth inquiry into the
ICtS of irrigation to
the i •■ I!.-.- v ;; <!rve!op the
■ .
bare a peculiar value contributed
: "hard* and vineyar
Call! :c will run back to the cost of se
ter We desire in this respect to dif
■ ■ :\ from the high plateaus, where.
element climate and a short sea
son, in ' • will not pay as well as here.
Mr Mr;i.| <!- eight streams in this St.v.
Kings, Salinas. ].■ -
•a Ana and Sweetwater rivers and
thin the area served by the-c
r the whole subject of
thereto, and
••bethel i ato the land or are personal.
The ■ gents will al«o carry indepen
- B the present
therwise, in the methods of appro-
•) and use So a v:!', l, c s,- r n that
* cor ' ... . ; r ,, v ,. r t v, r
• water, including the de
. betweeu the
watf " | the price at which
■
the all-important
nre the flood
■ c S( ite or
■ ne the rights to S ;ich stored
entitled to them.
Th - the whole subject
'•< night in which it has been
| When the inquiry is
•iade the organization which
• ! resnber 14 will bars
»hkh t< .intime its par
aid otherwise, in the investigation
I t-c lacking. One of its
iuties will be . al. inasmuch as. a
hoold induce Dfitical parties
in '' ' •«" r "tiven!ioii to withdraw thr-r oppo
to State arti.m in writer Moragr in order that
BC hand may be left to the State as to the Federal
•nment.
In the late convention the attitude of the two par .
tics on that subject was felt to be an unnecessary re
striction and limitation. The State can do nothing
anyway, without Roinß to the people for authority,'
and surely neither party should object to this if it be
finally decided that the State may usefully do some
thing to save the waste of the water which it owns.
The Rev. C. R. Brown is trying to make people be
lieve that the fall of man is nothing more than a myth.
He will have to prove conclusively that there were no
banana-peels in Eden before he succeeds with con
servative men.
ABOUT TRUSTS.
THE President's prolonged reference to trusts in
his : . condition of stirring
anxiety on his part in regard to that issue.
trhki ting such proportions in our domestic
■ c. He ■ the existing law, and joins
Mr. Cleveland in asserting the necessity for co-
Federal and State statutes on the
The common law, unaided by any statute, covers
ill method! in commerce that are in restraint of trade.
I ;- believed that there are features in the work
ing of some trusts that are not obnoxious to that
h\v. If such there be, their
must be by statute. If they are not
• • 1 by prohibition they are otherwise irre
-tramablc. While the President suggests that the ex
•lg made by the Industrial Com
• ! by the last Congress will throw some
•. he makes no tpecific recomtnen
bnt shifts the matter to the
I
int at which the operation of trusts is per
by the country is not touched
There may be a large number of factories em
1 in the same line oi production scattered all
the country. These combine under a common
. to represent their
if it The trustees close halt
:" the plants and confine production to
remainder. The that the labor employed
Its, labor skilled in that form of
luction, is cast "in of employment The economics
thereby effected may be an important profit to the
trust. Rivalry and competition are abolished. Ad
vertising of the art ; I luoed and the pushing
by traveling drummers are made unneces
ind the cost of I iremen and administration is
. all effect . -• saving that goes in dm
i to the trust process may n< •
mpanied by any rise in price to the consumer.
Indeed there r be a cheapening to the con
• Hut the workmen of the dead plants, many
perhaps owning their homes, are thrown into idle
slesmen are discharged,
thai was distributed to the community as
wage- into dividends to the stock
plants have furnished a
local r raw material. If the article be glu
cose or high wines, oatmeal or other cereal foods, it
Drill be found that culture near the plan's
• I itself to supply the raw material The ob
•' the plants injures the producer of the raw
It it rem irket once
• marketing hi< crop
consumption more distant WhiU I
griculture is no gain to the trust
i, r. is keenly felt b)
farmer.
These are the points at which the trust inflicts a
community harm without any visible compensation.
A careful analysis of the local opinion^ as expressed
by the local press in communities where trust com
bination has silenced oatmeal and cereal food mills,
glucose factories, high wines distilleries, linseed oil
mills and similar manufactures, demonstrates that
these are the elements in the system that cause the
most friction and complaint They are the elements
cf portent in the existing industrial conditions. I".
the aggregate the country is prosperdus, with a vast
and rapidly increasing commerce, but the prevalence
of these combinations, which no doubt have wonder
fully economized production, has distributed the
profits to fewer people.
To shV>w the difficulty of dealing with such a ntb
• it is necessary only to refer to the conditions
which the increase in our foreign trade may he
largely attributed. An inspection of the stal
• .* that increase has not been attended by a
1:1 prices. Throwing out the metals, which
have risen all over the world equally, so that
our metal production enjoys no advantage in
respect of prices, our vastly incr- : 'lume
of exports has been at lower prices than were
• tied on a !r-~ volume. This means that we have
the world by underselling the world. In
searching for the reason that has enabled us to do
this there can be no doubt that it is mainly found in
the economy of production due to the trust organi
7ation of scores of our leading industries. So we
have on the one hand gratifying increase in our ex
port trade, and on the other a painful ob«oleting of
tabor at home. Reconcilement of the two conditions
requires a long period of readjustment, resembling
that which had to follow the general introduction of
• aiding machinery.
No more difficult question has engaged the atten
tion of modern civilization than this, and Congress
will prove itself the wisest Parliament that ever met
if it adjust it satisfactorily.
The Parisian theatrical censor has prohibited the
production of "Charlotte Cordiv" until after the con
clusion of the present state trials. Had he been al
as vigilant such atrocities as "Mile. Fifi" and
"The Turtle" might never have come to America.
A WOR OF ARTILLERY
DESPITE the scantiness of the reports concern
ing the nature of the battles in Sooth Africa
enough has heen disclosed to show that up to
this time it has hern mainly a war of artillery. It a
true that in the first conflicts both sides displayed an
eagerness to come to close quarters, but lately a more
prudent policy has been pursued and the battles have
been at long range. There come after each conflict
reports of terrible slaughter, but when the dead are
ted they are not found to be numerous. Even
it the battle of Moddcr River, where the fighting
r.iKed for ten hours and thousands were engaged on
each side, the number of kiiled was hardly equal to
that of a sharp skirmish in former wars.
The artillery service of the Boers has been some
thing of a surprise to the British. It was expected
the Transvaal forces would be formidable with the
rifle, for they were known to be equipped with
weapons of the finest pattern and to have in their
armies some of the best marksmen in the world, but
it was not known they were so well supplied with
heavy guns and are so capable of making effective
use of them.
It will be remembered that when the attack upon
Ladysmith began General White iras surprised by
the MCge guns which the Boers brought Bgatnstj him.
He made one or two efforts to capture the guns by
rigorotu BOrties, but failed after losing a consider
able portion of his force. In the nick of time for hi:-i
there came to his relief a naval brigade with several
heavy guns from a British warship. With these he
hat naaaged to hold his own and has not found it
necessary to attempt any more of those attacks on
the Boer lines which cost him the Dublin Fusiliers
and the Gloucester Regiment in the early days of the
siege.
It i< =aid by some authorities that the contest is
practically a test of the comparative merits of British
and French guns, as the artillery of the Boers is
mainly of French manufacture. Something is also
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, DECEMBER 7. 1899.
said to be due to the difference in the quality of the
ammunition used. A British military expert is
quoted as having stated: The difference between the
shell fire of the English and that of the Boers is not
due to the demerits of the melinite used by our an
tagonists or to the virtues of the lyddite used by the
English. Between lyddite and melinite there is no
\cry marked difference. The feature in our artillery
service which has done more to estabH-h the pre
dominance of the British guns is the military time
fuse in the shell. The construction of this fuse is a
secret. It is accurate and can be relied on to explode
the shell in the manner and at the time required. The
fuse of the Boers is a failure, and it is said that not
one shell in a dozen explodes in the manner intended.
It is nicknamed in the army the 'refuse/ '
Whatever may be the comparative merits of the
arms and ammunition of the oppo-ing sides the sig
nificant fact is that war has reached the point where
artiliory has become the dominant arm of the service.
The famous Boer riflemen have thus far cut but a
small figure in the fight. When once the British
have silenced the big guns of the Boers the riflemen
do not remain long to defend the position assailed,
but fall back to another.
By authority of the United States Supreme Court
that facile but lon^abused expression, a "pipe
dream." has been clothed with the respectability of
good English. The combination of pipe manufac
turers has been placed under the ban as a trust.
SOMETHING OF AN INCUBUS.
SENATOR MORGAN has been a stanch silver
•man for many years, and was a strenuous up
holder of the Chicago platform, yet he has
found it necessary to remind his constituents that
Democracy is bigger than Bryan, and that even silver
men may have to choose between being Democrats
ami being Bryanites. The Senator's statement is in
line with a sentiment that is growing in the South,
a sentiment that forebodes a strong Southern opposi
tion to the renominatton of the Nebraska man next
WJiile a considerable part of the antagonism of the
South to Bryan i- due to the Democratic imperialists
of tl . still there is much ol it that has a
better foundation. The Richmond Times, for ex
ample, said recently: "We cannot believe just yet
that the solid South as a whole intends to much
■ r permit itself to he chained to free silverisni
and Populism. With all the evidences of prosperity
that surround us how can we longer ding to thu
dead body? 1- it M"t time that we were severing the
bains that bind us to it? Men of the South,
<my ii upon us; it is all around us. We have
only to rc;ich out our hand!; and pluck its fruit; the
game is on and we cannot afford not to be in it
Shall we nger i .Her ourselves to be chained to a
body that would hold us to despair and poverty?
For humanity's sake break the chain and let's reap
the benefit- before us."
In the meantime the silver leaders insist that
Democracy shall accept Bryan and the silver plank
or lose all the votes which they and the Populists
can swing. At the conference in Chicago it was de
cided to arrange, if possible, for a so-called Silver
Republican convention and a Populist convention to
meet at the same time and place with the Democratic
National Convention, so as to more readily effect a
fusion. Such a programme means, of course, an im
mense Bryanite mob to howl around the Democratic
convention and to stampede it if the conservative
delegates should show enough strength to seriously
endanger Bryan's chances of a nomination.
While this preparation for pulling and hauling m
being made by Southern imperialists and Northern
silver men Bryan himself has mapped out a pro
gramrae of activity for the winter which promises to
add much to the gayeties of the season. He has de
termined to stump New England from one end to
<he other and to organize Democratic clubs of the
silver stripe all over that section.
The New Englanders as a rule are not averse to
anything which promises to act as a counter irritant
to the blizzards of their winters, or to warm up the
atmosphere, but still they are not cheerful over the
outlook. They do net like to see a man waste his
time, even if he be one whose time i? worth little,
and the more thrifty among them have been advising
the orator to turn his energies to a more promising
field. They remind him that even if he should con
vert a hundred voters at every speech and make a
speech every night he would not cut down the Rc
s>ul»!iran majorities of that section even if he worked
until far into the spring. It would take 500 nights
at that rate to get ri.i of the Republican majority in
Massachusetts alone, and before that many night-;
have passed thr Presidential election will have come
and gone and been forgotten.
Taking the whole situation into view, about all
that can be said is that Bryan is an incubus and is
likely to remain so. He has just about brains enough
to keep his hold on the neck of Democracy, and
Democracy has not brains enough to throw him off.
His New England campaign will keep him in the eyes
of the public until the time comes to elect delegates
to thr national convention, and for the rest he trust?
to the manipulation of the silver leaders and the
natural capacity of Democrat* for blundering.
A wealthy Parisian has offered a prize of 100,000
francs to be awarded tricnnially for the most re
markable discovery in the fields of medicine or sur
gery. The operation by which Adjutant General Sea
mans hides his massive brain in a six and five-eighths
hat ought to pull down the money.
Professor Rosa of Stanford, recently comparing
English and Americans, said that we had less respect
for conventions than our cousins across the sea.
Professor Ross evidently has never seen Chicago
reaching out for the big political gatherings in
Presidential years.
Captain Whipple of the Berkeley football team is
assured by the members of the faculty that they fe-1
great pam in the necessity of punishing him. He
probably feels like the youngster whose irate father
insisted that he was more hurt by the whip than bii
youthful offspring.
Chaplain Shields says that his liboralitv has brought
down upon him the persecution of narrow minds.
Ihe accused gentleman has neglected to indicate
what particular kind of liberality he means
The Boers who are bombarding Ladysmith have
begged medicines, it is said, from the besieged Brit
ish. The soldiers might in justice ask for a few bul
let- in exchange for the courtesy.
A syndicate of capitalists lias got together at New
York in an effort to regulate the production of pies.
Their combination will probably be known as the
great crust trust.
Parisians must he suffering from a fleeting spasm
of sense. They have vehemently protested against a
prize fight between Corlxtt and Jeffries in their
midst.
NEWS OF CAMP AND TRANSPORT.
SHIELDS WALKED
AND TALKED AS
IF INTOXICATED
Evidence of Alcatraz
Officers.
The rnse against Chaplain David H.
Shields. lh< . , :.iin of Alcatraz
[aland, Iras opened before a court-martial
yesterday morning;. The trial lasted il
day and before adjournment Major Urces
beck, Judge advocate, announced that t'i>»
prosecution would take up a gooU part
of another day.
One of the lines of defense was suggest
ed In a request from Lieutenant Kiting* 1 ,
counsel for the accused, when be asUed
for permission to send to Fort Wlngate,
where the accused was formerly Btatiotied,
for depositions as to his previous good
character, and also to send to Washing
ton to secure copies of the recommenda
tions upon which the President appointed
him to the service about two years ago.
The court considered the request and
then directed Lieutenant Eltinge to make
out his Interrogatories with the assistance
of the judge advocate and the court would
then consider them further.. The reason
the request was not granted at once Is
that there are several officers on the court
who may be ordered to Munlla at any
time and it may be a matter of olttlcuity
to keep the court together for any length
of time. Besides, the previous good char
acter of the accused may not be a matter
of Issue, and when the Interrogatories are
all made cut It may be that the prosecu
tion will admit all the defense bopet to
prove by m. r : .
The trial opened with the reading of the
charges and specifications against the
chaplain. It was charged that he absent
ed himself from his posi without leave
from November 20 to November 22 and
that he returned from this unduly pro
longed leave in an intoxicated condition.
Captain George P. Bartlett, Third Artil
lery, commander of the post at Alcatraz,
was the linn witness called He testified
that on November 20 lust Chaplain
Shields came over to the island and •••■
ported for duty, saying ho bad been as
signed to that post. He dined with tne
captain and then asked permission to re
turn to 'he city for some ol his effects.
He asked, too. If it would make any dif
ference it he did not return on the next
boat and Captain Bartlett said It would
not, expecting, as he explained after**
in his testimony, that If the chaplain
missed the next boat he would come on
the succeeding one. He also testified thai
he had no authority to grant leave tor
more than twenty-four hours to any one
and he expected the chaplain to know
that, although he admitted that there had
been no definite time set for the return
of the chaplain and that perhaps the chap
lain did not know that be had to retain
within the twenty-four hours. All this
was brought out In the cross-examina
tion.
The next time Captain Bartlett saw the
accused was on the Clay-street wharf.
They were both about to go on board the
Sea Queen, which was then doing pail of
the duty of the quartermaster's steamer
McDowell. Bartlett noticed nothing
strange about the chaplain at the time,
and he went on board the boat, but on the
way over he noticed the clergyman on the
upper deck of the tug. There was no
railing on the deck, and he saw the chap
lain walking unsteadily and In apparent
danger of falling over the side.
when th« Sea Queen came up to the
wharf at Alcatraz Captain Bartlett or
dered Lieutenant Spalding to help the
chaplain to his quarters. He also ordered
Dr. Williams, the post surgeon, to attend
Shields. Captain Bartlett believed Shields
was drunk.
Dr. Williams was the next witness
called. He said he went to attend the
chaplain In his room, and round him lying
on the bed. fully dressed and in a condi
tion that strongly suggested that he had
boon drinking heavily. He took off the
man's blouse and his shoes and made him
as comfortable as he could. The next
day the chaplain came to him and he pro
scribed some cough medicine for him. The
chaplain suggested that he be given some
stimulant, and the doctor prescribed some
for him.
Lieutenant Oliver L. Spalding. Third Ar
tillery, on duty at Alcatraz. was the next
witness called. He was th.> officer who
helped the chaplain from the wharf to his
Quarters. Lieutenant Bpaldlng testified
that the chaplain seemed very unsteady
and very weak, and several times as he
helped him up the lon* flight of steps to
the quarters he had to stop and let the.
man rest. The physical and nervous
weakness the chaplain showed Lieutenant
Bpaldlng believed to be very much like
what would follow excessive drinking. On
cross-examination ho admitted that he
knew no more about the effects of exces
sive drinking than any one not an expert,
but he thought the chaplain had been
drinking heavily, and he had seen no rea-
Ron to change nis opinion since then, al
though facts which might account for the
chaplain's weakness had been brought to
his attention.
Continuing, Lieutenant SpaMing s.tid
that wh.-n they reached the chaplain's
room the chaplain threw himself upon
the bed, Jusl :is ho was. and he was soon
In a heavy Lieutenant Spaldinu
also testified that the chaplain scorned
unable to converse Intelligently.
it was also brought out by the prosocu
tlon that when the Bea Q leen rame to
thr wharf nearly the wlin]o «arri«on vnt
looking down from the porch of the cita
del on to the wharf, and while he would
not say that the men had seen th<- chap
lain. Mill they could have done so and
probably did This was to support the
charge that the chaplain had been drunk
in the presence of th.- enlisted men.
The pros.'cution will continue to-day and
will probably finish this afternoon
PANHANDLE
EXTENSION
(The Call does not hold Itself responsible for
the opinions published in this column, but pre
sents them for whatever value they may have
as communications of genera! Interest.)
Editor The Call— Dear Sir: How can
you recommend the panhandle extension
after having published in your paper of
last Saturday the list of grades at each
cross street; also the fact that at Steiner
street there will be a cut of 100 feet?
Such a rut will ruin property as badly
as the Second street cut did. if you take
a view from the top of your beautiful
building of Second street at the bridge
you will realize what chaos is.
I am in favor of improvements, and
there are many sections of this city which
need it more than does the panhandle
section.
Most strangers reach this city at the
ferry, and they carry away with them the
memory of that dilapidated section with
the "gore lots" jutting, out Into East
street like a used-up saw. And even after
seeing the beauties of our parka City
Hall, etc., they cannot forget the view
which they first had of our city.
Some years ago some one proposed to
straighten the western side of East street
and build a bridge for pedestrians to the
second story of the ferry building.
Market street is our finest business
street, and why not improve that section
around the ferry and then continue the
street from Seventeenth and Castro
streets through to the ocean?. That will
be the finest driveway In the world (and
I have Been many of them), for on the
highest point the bay can be seen from
one side and the Pacific Ocean from the
other. The grades over the hills will not
be greater than over Oak street. This
extension of Market street' would join
Dcwey boulevard- A boulevard can be
opened from this extension of Market
street to connect it with Buena Vista, and
Golden Gate parks. . . . . <*.
The Champs Elysees begins at the Place
de la Concours and the view ends with
the "Arch of Triumph." The view from
the front of the ferry building would pass
between rows of beautiful business build
ings, ending in the Twin Peaks, thus af
fording a i combined view of nature's
buildings as well as of those of man. •
There are other Improvements which
could be made. One would be the clear
la* out at Chinatown and laiinir out wide
streets, as was done In Paris.
truly. c. r, MINIFIE.
ABSURD STATUE
OF QUEEN VICTORIA
QUEEN RF.FTSES TO LET IT Bl- UN
VEILED.
There is one part of England with
which Qu*en Victoria and all other mem
bers of royalty are disgusted. That place
Is Guernsey, where the Inhabitants are
under the ban of extreme '1. favor: bo
much bo. In fact, that a statue '
•Juten which has been awaltli...' unveiling
for months promise* never to be exposed
to view uwlng to the Queen's reft:
permit -
Tl ■• statue of her Majesty. veiled In
waterproof and bound with wires, stands
on Its pedestal, an object of rldlrul<\
derisfon and nmaz-mnit to fill \
strangers. For monthi this status
('••< n an object of ludicrous hldeou
No royalty will j?o to unveil it. A tour
ist was recently overheard explaining to
his little boy that her Majesty was so
ashamed r.t h»r Oven •.•lo in con
f the mllltla mutiny and he
i >f the money for a new State
that she declined to lot them see
her face, even In effigy.— Chit ago News.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Till: TRANPVAALr-S. T.. City. The
area of the Transvaal Is UIJM square
miles.
ADMIRAL N . city. An admiral in the
United BtatOS navy Is not retired for a«e,
other officers. His office la for life.
SHARKEY AND JEFFRIES— C. R..
City. Tom Sharkey was born In Ireland
In ISTI and Jim Jeffries was born in Ohio
In 1575.
WHO WROTE IT?-Can any of the
readers of this department Inform a cor
respondent who wrote a sketch called
"The Parson of Jackman's Gulch"?
THE SHERIDAN— II. E. V.. City. The
transport Sheridan left Manila for San
Francisco November 9, via Nagasaki,
which port she left November 17. Trans
ports make the run from Manila to San
Francisco In about thirty days.
ADOPTION— F. J. M . City. Persons
who are responsible and can (rive assur
ance that a child will be well brought up,
educated and properly taken care of can
obtain such for adoption by application at
orphan asylums and at other places
where homeless children are placed; also
at the foundlings' home.
NOT OF THE PREMIUM KIND— J. N.
H.. Salinas, and P. D. C, Linden. Cat No
premium is offered for any of the follow
ing coins: Five-dollar pieces of IM2
and 1871; half-dollar* of 14.".9, and half
dollars of 1^7.".. No premium Is olTrrt.l for
a copper model ..r a h»«!f sovereign •
pfennig of ls.-.^; inited States cent of
r one of IS<SB.
THE CENSUS— B., Sacramento, a l. w.
R. Merriam of Minnesota has been ap
pointed Census Director for the Twelfth
Census of the United States; F. 11. "Worles
of Illinois Is the assistant. The Presi
dent will have to name 200 Census Super
visors, who will have to be confirmed by
the Senate. None of these have yet been
named. It will require about 40,000 enum
erators to complete the work of collect-
Ing the desired Information.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per Ib at Towmend's.*
■ • ■
Thanksgiving extra mince pie. 905 Larkln it.*
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses .- nd public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 10-12. •
• * *
Leather Goods.
Mexican cttv.-.I leather, grained leather.
seal and allißator pocket book?, cljrar
bill booka, rar.l c.-is.-x, r-hntclalno
\nd vnllse?. All lrttrre.i without
chnrgro. Sanborn. Vail &Co 7U Market •
A SAN FRANCISCO GIRL WHO WILL LIVE
AT THE PALACE OF THE MIKADO.
HOW TWO BUDDHIST PRIESTS WOULD
CONVERT SAN FRANCISCO.
WHAT OUR RICHEST GIRLS WOULD DO
IF THEY HAD TO EARN THEIR OWN
LIVING.
CURIOUS ANIMALS OF THE ENGLISH
ARMY.
| Jn Next | |
|| Sunday s \ j
!| Call. I
••••••••••••••••••• •••••••«•*
NORMAL SCHOOL GIRLS AS OARS-
WOMEN.
GENEViEVE GREEN TELLS OF HER VISIT
TO THE FORTY IMMORTALS.
THE WOMAN GOLD-HUNTER OF CALI-
FORNIA.
FICTION. DOMESTIC SCIENCE. FASHIONS.
ALL BEAUTIFULLY ILLUSTRATED.
OUR GREAT CHRISTMAS NUMBER NEXT
SUNDAY, DECEMBERS 7.
EXCITING SCENE
AT THE SAILING
OF THE SHERMAN
>
Woman Refuses to
Leave Her Lover.
The transport Olenogle arrived yester
day morning from and the transport Sher*
man sailed for Manila yesterday after
noon. The former brought no passengers
and made the run via Nagasaki In twen
ty-seven days. As soon as she has been
Inspected and the damages assessed aha
will be released and will then go Into the
trade with the Orient, running between
Portland and Hongkong. On November
29 Captain R. D Jones died and the trurn
port came In with her flag at half-ma.".
When the vessel left Nagasaki the cap
tain had a severe cold. It developed In:
pneumonia, and In spite of all the doctor*
could do for him he died. The body was
embalmed and brought to San Francisco.
Captain Jones was 55 years of age and
a native of Liverpool. England.
There was quite a number of the Cath
olic clergy down to see the Sherman
away. Among the passengers were his
Orace Archbishop Cnapelle. his prtvato
i secretary, the Rev. Father Stenmars, iind
his physician, Dr. W. S. Makenson. The
Rev. rather McKlnnon also accompanied
the Archbishop, and fully 600 people were
down to bid the reverend genii- good
by.
There were several changes In the deck
department before the Sherman got
away. At the last moment Chief Offlcer
Roberts received a telegram from New*
York stating that his wife was danger
ously ill. lie at once asked permission ti
go home, and It was granted. Second Ofil-
Mr Walton was th. made chief officer
and the third mate was promoted. Then
th" fourth officer quit, and the vessel wnj
delayed nearly an hour getting a man to
take his place. It was feared that Chief
Engineer Klngsland would be unable to
go nut on the vessel owing to Illness, but
he would not stay at home and the Sher
man's engine-room is still In his chart?'*.
There was one very bitter parting txv.
fore the Sherman left the wharf. Plenty
of colored belles were there and shed
tears when they saw their heroes go up
tho gangplank for the last time, but Mi
mlo simply refused to be parted from her
Joe, and it took a corporal's guard to pet
the young lady's arms from around her
lover's heck. Joe Hums was a hospital
steward at the Presidio and he is bound
for Manila to Join the Hospital Corp*
there. lie wooed and won Mamie Hart
during his Idle moments and promised to
wed her before the Sherman sailed. Jo<*
failed to keep his promise and Mamie hied
herself to the transport wharf. She caught
her faithless lover an he was going up
the gangway and refused to be parted
from him again. Joe mado all kinds of
promises and swore everhtsttng fidelity
on all he held sacred, but hi* sweetheart
refused to b« comforted.
"I won't leave you. Joe. I won't leavo
you." she cried again and again, and what
could poor Joe do but grin and bear It? At
one time it looked as If Joseph would '.'■-•>
his boat. as the jjnngway was about to >■••
hauled In and Mamie h»-l<l on with a moat
tenacious clutch. Finally the corporuta
guard went to his assistance and Jo«
was marched aboard the transport wniln
Mamie walked up the wharf sobbing a*
though her heart would break.
The Harbor Commissioners held quit*
a lengthy session yesterday. The contract
for repairing ferry slip No. 7 was awarded
to P. F. Dundon for JJ47*. the next lowest
bidder being Darby Laydon— l2*7B. Tho
contract for getting Main street wharf
ready for the Santa Fe was !et to Darny
Laydon for 121 • the next lowest btJJer
being James McMahon— s23s2.
Ed J. Skully. bartender In the *■ *
saloon on California and Market street*.
met with a painful accident yesterdny.
He was pinning up one of nls sleeves and
while getting the sleeve ready held t»v»
pin In his mouth. While doing so ho at
tempted to speak to a customer and swal
lowed the pin. It stuck crosswise !n hi*
throat and for a few minutes It looked
as if he would choke to death. He was
hurried to the Harbor Hospital, where Dr
Morrison removed the pin after consider
able trouble. Ed Is now suffering from
a badly lacerated throat, but Is able tv "o
about.
Three disabled vessels put back to tort
yesterday. The steamer Laguna. which
left here December 5. broke her chart oft
Fish Rock and came back for repair*.
The schooner Reliance, which left her©
November 17. carried away her cen'er
board November M off Point Arena and
put back for repairs. The gasoline
schooner Monterey disabled her machin
ery and *he also put back for repairs.
The C. F. Sargent, from Comox, and th«
Leri O. Burgess, from Tiroma. were the
only two of the coasting fleet to get in.
The Sargent was caught In a gale De
cember 2 and carried away the crosslactc
yard and lest a number of sails.Scmington
Standard Typewriters are used
New Models Nos. 6, 7, and 8 (^^ ctrrKp).
WYCKOFP, SEAMANS & BENEDICT
Portland San Franclaco Lot Angtlcs
AMUSEMENTS. ]
COLUMBIA^
| LAST 4 NIGHTS [
Jaoob Lit > revival of Broa»on Howard's
War Play.
ISHENANDOAH
-tM» PEOPLE HO HORSES.
A STUPENDOUS BATTLE SCENE.
PRlCES— Evening Zt>c to Jl
MATINEE SATURDAY — 25c to 75c.
EXTRA-NIZXT MONDAY.
FREDERICK WARDE,
Together mlth MR. nnd MRS. CLARENCE M.
imrxE.
Even* l>'erflng Incept Thursday.
"THE LION'S MOVTII."
Thursday Evenltia and Stiturday Matinee.
"nnunrt AND JULIET.*!
HEATS NOW HEADY.
CALIFORNIA '§?■
THE PEOPLE WILL «'.()
TO A PLAY WHORE THEY KNOW
Till! PERFORMANCE IS GOOD
AND Till PRICES ARE LOW.
\ CONTINVED SUCCESS OF
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY,
In Thtir EWendld Production of
IN ENEMY TO THE KING.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
POPULAR ':) Evenlnp Tic. f^r. ir.e.
RICKS |:1 Matinee We. 25c.
SEATS ON PALE TO-DAY FOR
"Til: FATAL CARD."
A VERY GRKAT HTA«E PRODUCTION
NEXT SUNDAY.
TWO FAMOUS STARS.
CAMILLE D ARVILLE
The Q'aeea of Comic Opera,
AND
GEORGE FULLER GOLDEN,
The King of Monologlcta.
With a strong collection of high class Vaude- !
ville CeltbrlttW.
Reserves Pen's, :sc: Balcony. 10c; Opera
n.:ilr« and Ti^x Soatfi. f>oo.
Mitlr.e.'«s— W»>dn«sday. Saturday and Sunday.
Next Wrek-MR. AND MRS. EDWIN MIL-
TON ROVLE COM PANT. •
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
CLOSED FOR DECORATION AND REPAIRS.
Box Offlre open as utual for rale of seats.
GRAND GALA REOPENING
NEXT SATURDAY NIGHT
For the Coral r Opera Season.
Gonreous X'roOuctlon of
TAR and TARTAR
Rearpearar.re- of the popular comedian
FuRRIS HARTMAN.
Return rt the Charmlns: Soubrette,
ANME MEYERS.
I1!ir I>ouMe Ccmjiany of Favorites! !
Ur.j>urpai>wd Chorus and Orchestra! '.
All Previous Prenentitlon* Eclipsed! !
POPULAR PRICES-21 and 10 cenU.
Telephone for seats. Hush t.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
TO-NIGHT!
AN ACKNOWLEDGED lirT.
Francis Powers' Mexican Tracedy,
"MOTHER EARTH"
INCREASED ORCHESTRA.
Mualc by EMILE nRUGUIERE. Preceded by
the Humorous Farce,
"UP TO WATKINS."
SEATS rise, 25c, 35c, 50c.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
STEEPLECHASE !
fUTUiI It 4D L" * tn « n(1 Market Mr—
tU.MiI.HL r^nH I»nily from 1 to 11:30 p. m. :
IT'S TEE PLACE WITH THE TVSHY STAIRS.
PROI-ESBOR HILL,
Tl.e F'*rl»-.«» ngulllbrlst In His Hazardous
Hj>e<lnJty.
THE GRHAT ROMAN CARROUSEL
A Non 1 lII] ;... if •!!..• of Wlli neasts.
1 ill WAZZLC-DAZZLE
Glv«-n a isrand New 6cnsatlon. Try It.
THE MECHANICAL BANDS.
Imported Direct from Germany. !
BICTCLG CIRCUS. AERIAL. SLIDE. HU-
MAN CAGE. EARTHQUAKE FLOOR and
Scores of Other Funny Things.
THE ENTIRE BILL
DIRECT FROM CONEY ISLAND.
ACmlKKlon l*)c. lnrlu.l»it a ride on the horses.
Handsome PreM-ntu tn the Winner*.
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION
TANFORAN PARK.
FECOND MEETING. l>ee. 4-16. UHL IncluslT«. \
Six hlch-clasn runninK races even' ■ .-day. !
rain or thine, beginning at I M p. m.
The Ideal winter racetrack of America. Pa-
trcss step directly .^rora the railroad cam Into
a rup«rl» srnuid rtand, Rlai>s-«-n'-!umsd,. when?
oonifortably housed li« bad weather they caa
enjuy on unol»KtnjcTed view of the races.
Trains leave Third and Townnend Mre«U at
l:W). 10:40 and 11:30 a, m.. and I2:1J, U':J5. li:lo
and liS i: m.. retuminc Immediately ' after
]ait race and at 4:4S p. tn. Itrar cars reserved
for v urn and their «-i«corts. No smoklnic.
Valencia str»*et 10 minutes later.
San Jof.e and way stations. Arrive at San
Hruno at J2.4.'. p. m. Lt-ave -an liruno at 4:00
and 4:4* i p. in.
Rates: San Francisco to Tanfcran and re-
turn, lacludlnf ndmlßMon to track. $1 2S.
W. J. MARTIN. President.
F. 11. GRKEN. Pocretary and Mnnnwr.
THE WEEKLY CALL
Enlarged to 16 Pages
gl per Year*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
THE DATE IS
Thursday Afternoon,
December 14.
AT THE Orpheum.
MONSTER CONTINUOUS PERFORMANCE
IN AID OF THE
CHARITY FUND
OF THE
Associated Theatr'cal Managers
of San Francisco.
THE GREATEST, BILL EVER OFFERED.
FREDERICK WARDE and Company, from
the Columbia.
The FRAWLEY COMPANY, from the Cali-
fornia.
An act of "THE CHIMES OF NORMANDY."
from the (irand Opera House.
An art of "Mother Earth" from the Alcazar.
CAMILLE I »' ARVILLE GEORGE FULLER
GOLDEN and the Cream of Vaudeville, from
the Orr-heum.
FERRIS HAKTMAN and an Operatic Sur-
prise, from the Tlvoll.
ORIGINAL GEORGIA MINSTRELS, from
the Albamhra.
MAJOR MITE and B\g Thlncs. from the
Chutes.
CAD WILSON and Vaudeville Lirhta. from
the Olymrla.
CURTAIN RISES AT ONE O'CLOCK SHARP.
CARRIAGES AT 5:30.
The Mnna&era and Adorn have helped
every known charity. JNow help them.
Enou&h said.
RESERVED SEATS— Emir* Ground Floor.
Si: Balcony, 25c and 60c: Box Seats. $160.
SALE OF SEATS WILL BEGIN AT THE
ORPHEUM BOX OFFICE MONDAY MORN-
ING. DECEMBER 11. AT 9 O'CLOCK.
(THE PEOPLE'S PLAYHOUSE.)
Eddy and Jones Sts. Phone SOUTH 770.
WE ARE KEEPING OUR PROMISE BY GIV- '
-ING THE FUNNIEST SHOW IN TOWN.
DO YOU WANT TO ENJOY A HEARTY I
LAUGH? THEN COME AND SEE
"M. PLASTER OF PARIS"
ONE WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
SPECIAL PRICES:
Eventnps Be, 25c. 25c, and 600
Matinee 15c. He and Ssc
NEXT SUNDAY MGHT-
OEIGIN.4L GEORGIA MINSTRELS.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
. TELEPHONE MAIN CO.
ANOTHER CALIFORNIA!* TRIUMPH-
ALL THIS WEEK.
11. J. Stewart anil Peter Robertson's Brilliant
Comic Opera.
HIS MAJESTY.
All previous productions totally eclipsed.
A DELIGHTFUL ENTERTAINMENT.
NEXT WEEK.
BY GENERAL REQUEST.
"THE CHIMES_O£ NORMANDY."
USUAL PRICES— We. 35c, v.c. I.V-, 10c.
Good Reserved Seat at Saturday Matinee, 25a
Branch ticket office. Emporium.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
FRANK HALL
Subduing "Wallace," the Monster Lion.
MAJOR MITE.
In His Great Imitation of CORNILLE.
ADGIE AND HER LIONS,
High Diver and a Great Show.
Try to Die In the "CABARET DE LA MORT."
THURSDAY,
AMATEUR PINAFORE
MINSTRELS.
Phone for Seats— Park a.
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
Panorama SPfcclAL NOTICEI
1 UIIUIUIIIU The Panorllma if op^ n
nf f fip dally fr ° m 10 A. M. to 5
of the • M
"I Hlw A correct representation
n . , « of the greatest victory ever i
n/ltllP Hi achieved en land or sea,
Ufllllw Ul turpsMing anything ever
__ exhibited in artistic merit
Manila Hai? Interest Don't fall to
Manila Da? J' wt "-Market street.
J near Eighth.
POULTRY
1000 Chickens COO Pigeons, M Dofrs. valued
at over 1100.000. en exhibition. Incubators
hatching chickens even* day and night. Th»
DOG
Mpirest show you ever saw. Doors open from
10 a. m. to 10 p. m.. Exposition Building Oak-
land. Dec. 6. 7, S and 9. Admission ISo; Chil-
dren l.'c.
SHOW
Imitation
Eye=Glasses.
THE GOOD FOLKS WHO TRY TO COPY
our clip have failed because they don't know
our method of fitting them. They're th» only
nrm and easy grip ever made— becoming and
accurate; m cents.
Oculists* prescriptions filled. Quick repairing-.
Factory on pnmises. Phone, Main 10.
MnliMi/iMe)
OPTICIANS^^^'W.
642 Market St. ""strumnts
MHKMMCII MUMt
AIPP nnill I Corner Fourth and
I'll; I 111 I I Market. 6. F. Try
111 r m 1 1 1 11 1 our Sped* l Brew
llHl L rill 111 L- :, c Overcoat* and
Ulll L llUlnUia. Overcoats and
.ValUct checked In*. }
i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1899.
FRENNA SAYS HE
SHOT TURNER TO
SAVE HIS LIFE
He Claims His Victim
Made Threats.
TRAGEDY VIVIDLY DESCRIBED
DEFENDANT SAYS HIS ENEMY
MADE A MOTION TO DEAW.
♦
Treatment He Received at the Hands
of the Dead Man Turned Him
Gray and Bobbed Him
of Sleep.
Joseph P. Frenna's recital of how ho
was trlrked. bamboozled and robbed by
James F. Turner until In a moment of
frenzy he turned on the author of his
woes and slew him Is finished. How
much of the barber'B tale will be given
credence, or whether. If credited, the
facts as related by him will be consid
ered by a Jury to have furnished suffi
cient provocation for shooting Turner
down from behind, will only bo known
when a verdict Is rendered that may
Bend Frenna to the gallowa or give him
his liberty.
The climax of the defendant's testl
An Excellent Combination.
« The pleasant method and beneficial
effects of the well known remedy,
Strut of Figs, manufactured by the
California Fig Syrup Co., illustrate
the value of obtaining- the liquid 1 ixa-
tive principles of plants known to be
medicinally laxative and presenting
(hem in the form most refreshing to the
fast" and acceptable to the system. It
Is the one perfect strengthening laxa-
tive, cleansing the system effectually,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
gently yet promptly and enabling one
to overcome habitual constipation per-
manently. Its perfect freedom from
every objectionable quality and sub-
stance, and its acting on the kidfleys,
liver and bowels, without weakening
or irritating them, make it the ideal
laxative.
In the process of manufacturing figs
are used, as they are pleasant to the
taste, but the medicinal qualities of the
remedy are obtained from senna end
other aromatic plants, by a method
known to tl^e California Fig Syrup
Co. only. In order to get its beneficial
effects and to avoid imitations, please
remember the full name of the Company
printed on the front of every package.
CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP CO.
BAN FRANCISCO, CAU
LOUTBVTLLE. XT. NEW YORK, V. T.
Boc sale by all Druggists.— Price 50c. per bottle
Elegant Holiday Display
7%ch Cut Glassware: Famous
tt>ood Ware, Artistic Lamps, Pretty Clocks,
Cameo Ware-
COME JUST TO LOOK
Great American Importing Tea Co.
CHINAVVARE PALACES.
210-212 GRANT AYE.,
Bet. Suttor and Post Sts.
861 MARKET, op. Powell.
Branch Stores Everywhere.
[I! LOOK AT
S |RJ YOUR SUIT !
How do«« It com-
pare with suits worn
MM >\| by the average well-
Are you, thoroughly
mfSß^c 1 satisfied with its cen-
eral appearance?
& CBSB 1 If you had It marie
mkomX l at JOE POHEIM'S
you would be more
than jileaso.l.
All ""I" made at
i POHEIM-S (tlv.. entire
jUm^H satisfaction. The fit
Zdfl^n^^^ and workmanship an?
CS lflA Guaranteed to 1- first-
4C warn nl claxg In every respect.
~ B ■ JOE POHEIM makes
/"S the. ben suits for 2.'.
per cent less money
yy>^ ■ HB than other tailors.
1110 1112 Market 1011 Washington
street. Bt., Oakland
201.20rt Montgomery 143 South Sprlnr •
Bt. Ban Francisco. Bt.. Lo« Angeles. ;
DOCTORS
. . AND ;-. ,
DENTISTS!
ATTENTION
Is called to a NEW OFFICE
BIHLDING, corner Ellis and
Glasgow streets, adjoining Powell.
All light sunny offices. All mod-
ern conveniences and latest im-
provements.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS,
5 Montgomery St.
mimnnAr**"' Harniess
DM DTlsn Sii^u, Efficient
il " v JJf ¥ .. Toilet Requisite.
TOR Tnl ■
rfIMDKPYIfIN Removes at skin
WUnrUkAIUn eruptions and takes the
TWO TINTS P ' aCe ° f P owders>
FLESH^WHITE. Sold t \ a " arugjr.sts.
P %M?ACAI P aid ' Pi ce 50 eeßtt -
, -i _y_ \,, I Send for j(re« 6imp!e.
mony was reached yesterday when he
described the killing of Turner. A mo
ment before he had testified that as a
result of the constant worry brought
about by the latter's swindling practices
of which he had been the victim his hair
had turned gray and he had been un
able to get a night's sleep for months.
Then on the eve of the fatal meeting In
the Crocker building he had received a
letter containing still further evidence
of his undoing. He did not know when
he entered the Crocker building, intend
ing to go to C. D. Gregory's office, that
Turner was anywhere in the neighbor
hood.
"I stepped Into the north elevator, the
one nearest Post street," said Frenna,
while the spectators in the courtroom
held their breath in expectancy, "and
went UP to the third floor. As I got out
of the elevator I saw Turner directly in
front of me 1 said:
" "Turner, what did you do with my
land?'
" 'Frenna, you — — , I'll show
yon.' he on ill. _j ~ ■
"As he said that he stepped back and
put his hand behind him. and then I
pulled my gun and kept firing until every
shot was gone "
Frenna said he did not remember any
thing after Turner made the fatal* move
except tiring as fast as he could, until
Mr. Paul spoke to him and took him into
room 27. where he remained until the ar
rival of an officer. He testified that he
had heard from a number of sources
that Turner bad threatened to kill him.
Frenna complained of a plight headache
when he resumed his testimony in the
morning, and this temporary indisposi
tion was very likely accountable for much
of the nervousness he at times displayed
during the 'day. Several times his an
swers to the questions put by Mr. Hosmer
were more explicit and extended than his
attorneys wished to hear, and he was
sharply rebuked for going beyond Instruc
tions. Ho took up his story where it was
dropped the day before, but nothing of
particular interest was extracted from
him until he came to the account of how
Turner had robbed him of a ranch In
Sonoma County by writing in the de
scription of the property In the blank
space on a deed he had previously given
Turner to some Santa Clara property. He
discovered this new evidence or Turner's
perfidy upon sending for an abstract to
the Sonoma property. Intending to ex
change it for an orchard near San Jose.
He received the abstract In C. D. Greg
ory's office in the Crocker building, and
when he saw the statement that his prop
erty had been, according to the official
record, transferred by him to Turner and
by the latter to J. J. Bauer through a
third party, he jumped to his feet and
exclaimed. "Turner- has robbed me
again!" He then proceeded to relate the
events Immediately following his latest
discovery. H- visited George D. Collins,
Turner's attorney, and explained the sit
uation, soliciting his aid in having the.
matter straightened out.
"Mr. Collins told us." said Frenna,
"that Turner was a very lucky man.
that he had escaped going to the peni
tentiary, and' "if he keeps on he will wind
up in San Quentin or somebody will kill
him. 1 "
Then followed an account of his visits
to Rauer'B office and conversations with
Itauer in regard to the deed.
"Did you at any time in the presence
of Mr. Bauer, or in his office in the pres
ence of any of his clerks, threaten to
kill Turner?" asked Attorney Hosmer.
"No. I never did." was the reply. Then,
as an afterthought, the witness con
tinued:
"That would be the last thing I would
do, would be to commit myself in a place
like Raver's office."
This unguarded answer brought Hos
mer to his feet before it was half ut
tered, crying "That will do. that will
do." It was a bad break, but Frenna ap
parently did not look upon It that way.
Then followed the detailed statement of
Frcnna's doings on the morning of the
tragedy until he surrendered himself to
Officer Ross an. handed over to him the
weapon with which he had destroyed his
enemy. This ended the direct examina
tion of the witness, and as it was then
3 p. m. and District Attorney Murphy
was unavoidably absent the case was
continued until this morning at 10
o'clock. It is expected the cross-examina
tion of the accused will be extremely rigid
and will hardly be concluded before night,
so Frenna has a hard day ahead of him.
MORE BOLD SMUGGLING
ON THE CURACAO
INSPECTOR NICHOLSON SHOT AT
A SAILOR.
Five Hundred Cigars Dumped Over
board. When the Watchfulness
of Customs Officers Pre
vented the Attempt.
The coast steamer Curacao added an
other sensational chapter to her smug
gling history yesterday morning at 2
o'clock. The Incidentals were a bag con
taining 550 Mexican cigars, a revolver
shot from the weapon of Customs In
spictor Nicholson and an escaped mem
ber of the CfW.
At the hour mentioned the steamer's
watchman was seen holding a whispered
conversation on deck with an unknown
member of the crew. When the two sep
arated the watchman went down the
gangplank and engaged In conversation
with Mr. Chamberlain, the gangway of
ficer. At the same time the unknown man
stepped off the stem of the steamer. Ho
was Intercepted by Customs Inspector
Nicholson, who commanded him to halt.
The fellow immediately threw a gunny
sack into the bay and broke Into a run.
Mr. Nicholson fired a shot after him. in
flicting a s< rious wound 'on the atmos
phere, and the fellow got away with what
ever other booty he might have had upon
him. The sack containing the cigars was
recovered.
Whon the affair was reported to Acting
Customs Surveyor Chauneey St. John the
guard around the steamer was doubled
and a thorough search of the vessel was
ordered. The Curacao piles regularly be
tween San Francisco and Mexican ports
and brings smuggled cigars to this port
on almost every trip. Quartermaster John
Hcnßoln of the steamer was caught last
Friday by the customs officers while ho
wat» trying to leave the vessel with 200
cigars tied around his legs under hia
clothing. Through an oversight the cus
toms officers allowed him to return to the
vessel, and when a deputy United States
Marshal visited the Curacao with a war
rant for Benson's arrest for smuggling
n»-nfon was not to be found. He is still
at large.
. ♦ .
CHARGED WITH MURDER.
Dr. Newman and John Vaccari Booked
for the Death of Miss Su-Ela
Tyson.
.The inquest into the cause of the death
of Su-Ela Tyson was concluded yesterday
morning by Coroner Hill, and the Jury
returned a verdict to the effect:
That the said Su-Ela Tyson, age 21. nativity
California, occupation nun.-. residence 6MA
Powell street. In the city and county of San
Francisco, came to her death at her said resi
dence in said city and county on the Ist day of
December. 1893. through peritonitis, and we do
further find: That her death was due to an
operation performed upon her. the said Su-Ela
Tyson, by Dr. S. Newman of 412 Post street.
San Francisco. California; and we further find
that said Dr. a Newman should be held to
an«wer before the criminal court for man
slaughter, i
Coroner Hill declined either to approve
or disapprove of the verdict until he had
an opportunity of consulting with his at
tirn*\v as to his rißht to amend a verdict
after it had been handed In by the jury
The Coroner wanted young vaccari also
charged with manslaughter. After con
sulting th« man of law over the telephone
the Coroner approved the verdict without
change. „ , .
Dr. Newman and John \ accarl were af
terward placed under arrest for murder
on complaint of Warren J. Tyson a
brother of the dead girl.
Whipple and Murphy.
Says Jim Whlpple to Chester Murphy. "Com
up to Zlnkand'a and talk It over.". He wont
and felt better. •
In Favor of Bond Issue.
The following resolutions were unani
mously adopted last evening by the New
Charter Democratic Club of the Forty
fourth Assembly District at its regular
weekly meeting at Its headquarters, Pow
ell and Union streets:
Whereas, Inasmuch as this municipality Is
on the eve of the dawn of a new era, owing to
the adoption of the new charter and of the
election of Its ardent supporters, who are to
be Its first officers: and
■ Whereas, The Improvement of the city Is In
the line of the policy of that Instrument; there
fore be It
Keiiolvod, That the New Charter Democratic
Club of the Forty-fourth Assembly District
Indorse all the proposed Issuance of bonds for
public Improvement and beautifying of the
munlcUmllU'.
WILSON, COLORED,
FRENZIED WITH
WILSON, WHITE
Attorney's Story of
Straw Bonds.
FLATLY CONTRADICTS REILLY
SAYS THE LATTER GAVE HIM
THE INSTRUMENTS.
Prisoner Works Himself Into a Fren
zy and the Bailiff Asks for Per
mission to Remove Him
From the Dock.
♦
It is the consensus of opinion that there
will be trouble In the future between Wil
son, colored, and "Wilson, white. J. N. B.
Wilson, the attorney whose name was
mixed up in the scandal following the ex
posure of the release of Harry Wilson,
the gentleman of color, on straw bonds
alleged to have been forged by ex-Police
Court Clerk Thomas A. Kelly, was on the
stand yesterday In the trial of the ac
cused before Judge Lawlor. Attorney
Wilson's story is bound to create trouble
for some one. He said that on the night
Wilson was released on three charges of
petty larceny he was telephoned to by
some woman whose name, address or ap
pearance he doesn't know. She asked him
to meet bondsmen who would qualify for
the release of the prisoner. He made an
engagement and met none other than C --
grove or some one giving that name and
Edward A. Reilly.
Notwithstanding the fact that Reilly
denied positively on the stand that he had
signed the document or that he had met
Kelly or was aware that his mime was on
the bond, Wilson testified point blank
that Reilly had told an untruth and that
It was none other than he who handed
him the bonds. After meeting the bonds
men Wilson said that all of them went to
a saloon on Mason street, near Post, and
there met Kelly. Kelly refused to accept
the bonds in the saloon, but they went
together to his rooms up on Geary street.
When they were in front of the house
Cosgrove said that he was In a hurry,
and he and Reilly were sworn. Wilson
then took the bonds, secured the prison
er's release and started with him down
town. The prisoner testified during the
case that ho went with Wilson to the Cali
fornia State House on Howard street and
there paid him $300, after which they met
a man of Kelly's appearance. Wilson
then told him to go and the prisoner left
Attorney Wilson swore yesterday that
he never received one cent from hi* client
and that he did not go to Howard street,
but as Wilson (colored) was afraid to go
along Market street, having a fear thai
he would be arrested for a st rangier, they
went up Taylor street and then zigzagged
down to Montgomery. On reaching the
corner of California and Montgomery
streets Wilson (colored) pretended to be
ill. and they took a drink, and later, when
the witness was trying to tind the watch
man to get the key for his office building,
his client took flight and made his escape.
When the witness reached this portion
of his statement Wilson, whose release
caused the present trouble, raised himself
from his seat in the dock, from which he
was viewing the proceedings. For a col
ored man he was pale as death and the
foam trickled from the corners of hfci
mouth. The bailiff asked for permission
to remove him from the dock, but Judgo
I^awlor Instructed the detectives to keep
a close guard on him. He was frenzied
at th« attorney on the stand and his man
ner plainly meant trouble for the witness
when the opportunity presented itself.
The court took an adjournment at this
point, as Assistant District Attorney
Black wanted an opportunity to prepare
for the cross-examination.
During the morning session yesterday
Karl Elsenschlmel, the handwriting ex
pert, testiiled that In his opinion the sig
nature on the bond was In Kelly's hand
writing and was not that of Reilly, who,
Wilson says, presented him with the docu
ments.
A REMARKABLE
CHRISTMAS WINDOW
A Display of Which the Whole City
Is Talking.
A most wonderful piece of work Is now
being shown in three of the large windows
of the Emporium, which easily eclipses
any holiday window display hitherto
ma.de in San Francisco. It Is a reproduc
tion In miniature of every detail of the
front and a hlrdseye view of the interior
of the big store, constructed entirely of
handkerchiefs.
The miniature building is about 50 feet
long and 20 feet high, showing the entire
seven floors. Not a detail has been over
looked. The electric light fixtures are all
reproduced, and when lighted add to the
brilliancy of the scene. On the sidewalk
in front of the handkerchief structure a
constantly moving throng of pedestrians
(dolls of all descriptions) pass and repays
the beautifully decorated windows. These
tiny show windows contain miniature dls-
Clm.vs of dry goods, cloaks and suits,
ooks, furniture, crockery, clothing,
shoes, etc.
Looking into the main entrance, in
which are reproduced the elaborate chan
deliers, bronzed doors, showcases, etc.,
one sees the band stand with its musi
cians; the crowded balcony; the show
cases and counters, and another moving
multitude of dolls representing custom
ers. Two colored doorkeepers are In
charge of the doors of the little store,
just like the well known guardians of the
doors of the big one.
On the windows of the upper floors of
this handkerchief palace the names of the
doctors, lawyers and other occupants of
the offices are printed In gold' upon the
glass windows, Just as they are seen
every day by the thousands who pass the
big granite building. The fronts and sides
of the three windows occupied by the
miniature building are filled with a vast
array of beautiful holiday goods.
The work is the design of Frank L.
Carr, who won the llrst prize and gold
medal In the famous window dressing con
test at the World's Fair In Chicago, and
who Is now employed as head window
dresser In the big store.
WILL SEARCH FOR THE WILL.
Maria T. Elliott Makes Grave Charges
Against William Fennell.
The premises of William F«-nnell, 441
Fair Oaks street, will be searched to-day
by Mrs. Maria T. Elliott and Deputy
Sheriff Charles Fancher for the purpose
of discovering, if possible, a will all' «• 1U)
have been tnad.> by Mrs. Winifred Fennell,
who died November 28. In an affidavit,
filed by Mrs. Elliott yesterday she al
leges that ."be was a friend of Mrs. I>n
n.ll who a few days prior to her death
mid her that she had made a will and
■howed her the document, which be
aueathed her estate, which Is valu.M at
115.000 i" Mis Delia R. Hrooks. daughter
Ol Mr.- Elliott, Miss Winifred iirooka,
William Fennell, her husband, and the
afliant. Mrs Elliott
Mrs. Elliott allege* that the day after
Mr*. F< nil. li died ihe was forbidden to
enter her late home by her husband, who
■aid thai 1" kn.w thore wus a will but
thai he would breali it wh.-n found. Hi -
ElHott says that unless r-st rained by the
court Fennell will destroy tin- win. The
cuiirt made the order and the result of the
search will be reported to the court to
day.
Helping a Comrade.
Saturday evening, December 9, a bene
fit will !"• given In Mission Opera Mall.
Mission stn<-t. between Seventeenth nnd
Eighteenth, f<>r I.ynian \V. Wentworth,
formerly of Company M of the First Cali
fornia volunteer Regiment, who was in
jured In- Manila. Tin benefit is belnp
given by 1 1 1 • • ni'-mli'-rs of his old com
pany. Yv.ntworth in now in the general
hospital at tin- I'nsidlo.
Picture Frames.
We have all the newest novelties in
shapes, woods and finish's In picture
frames. Old Flemish. Dutch. English and
Krav oaks, mat Kilts and bronzes with
mat boards in colors to match. Any pic
ture can be appropriately and reasonably
fitted In our frame department, Banborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
A STUDY OF SHAKESPEARE'S FOOLS.
Copyright, 1899, by Seymour Eaton.
POPULAR STUDIES IIN SHAKESPEARE.
Contributors to this course: Dr. Kdward Dnwdrn. I>r William T T!nif» r»» — - -— ,„
VII. THE FOOLS OF SHAKES
PEARE.
BY PROFESSOR J. V. PENNET.
It Is common among readers of Shakes
peare to speak of scenes of Intensity and
Hcenes of relief and to regard the latter :
as less essential than the former to the j
plays in which they are found. The I
speeches of the clowns and tool es
pecially, are often considered as mere
waggery devised by the dramatist as a
temporary relief from the strain of close (
i attention to the main course of the plot. j
j The fool seems to be. is this view, an
extra character, thrust In from time to
I time solely for amusement— to tickle the ,
ears of the groundlings with his droll
eries. Ills bolt is soon shot, the passing
fun soon over and the play proper re- ,
sumed in earnest. This conception of the
fool and fool scenes, true as far as It
goes, fails of anything like complete Jus
tice to the fool and his Important office.
The fool is co often the wise man of the
play, and the wise men are so often fool
ish, that justice would sometimes seem to
require an even exchange of title roles.
Indeed, that is practically what is pro
posed, ironically of course, in
Lear" (art I. scene 4» when the fool
tpaches I^ear the dlffpronrp between "a
bitter fool and a sweet fool."
(The exemplification In part of the fin* that was levied wh*n
Shakespeare purchased the estate of New Place from Underbill ln ISJ7.)
Fool— That lord that counselled thee
To give away thy lan
Come place him here by me.
Do thou for him stand.
The sweet and bitter fool
Will presently appear; %
The one In motley here.
The other found out there.
I.ear— Dost thou call me fool, boy?
Fool— thy other titles thou hast Rives away;
that thou was born with.
The wearer of the motley Is not often
the real fool of the play after all. M.-.1
vollo, Olivia's steward. In "Twelfth
Night," so gravel y superior In his treat
ment of the bibulous Sir Toby and Sir
Andrew; co contemptuous of Feste and
tho servants; who has read books, and !s
too lofty In his self-conceit to coun
tenance folly in any form— how does
Shakespeare leave him In our esteem as
compared with Forte? And, equally de
void with Malvollo of a saving sense of
humor, Polonlus, the sly old politician in
"Hamlet," so wise In his schemes for his
children's advancement— how does he
fare under the dramatist's hand? What
a fool Hamlet makes of him: Shakes
peare makes Viola say of the fool Feste
("Twelfth Night," act 111, scene 1):
This fellow Is wise enough to play th« fool;
And to do that well erares a kind of wit:
He must observe their mood on whom he Jests.
The quality of persons and the time.
Not. like the haggard. check at every feather
That comes before his eye. This is a practice
As full of labor as a wise man's art:
For folly that he wisely shows Is fit:
But wife men's folly, shown, quite taints their
wit.
And OHa In "As You Like It" (act 1.
scene 2), after Touchstone has declare 1 it
a pity "'that foolH may not speak wisely
what wise men do foolishly, 1 " replies In
the same vein: "By my troth, thou savant
true; for since the little wit that fools
have was silenced, the little foolery that
wise men have makes a great show." The
fool in "Lear" also. when, immediately
after the sharp taunt quoted above. Kent
remarks to the King: "This is not alto
gether fool, my lord." nt once rejoins:
••No faith, lords and great men will not
let me: if I had a monopoly out they
would have part on 't; and ladles, too.
they will not let mo have all fool to my
self; they'll be snatching."
In these and similar passages Shakes
peare not only intimates the frequent su
periority of the fool over the world? wise
among the characters, but by unmistak
able eigns possesses us of the uncomfort
able suspicion that perhaps some of the
biggest fools of all are not on the stage,
but fronting it. unconsciously furnishing
the laughter at their own expense.
Lorenzo in the "Merchant of Venice ' (act
111 scene I) says of Launcelot, the
clown:
Oh. dear discretion, how hi* word» are fulled"
The tOOI hath planted In his memory ;•>•_,
An army of pood words; and I do know
A many fools, that stand In better place.
Oarnlthed like him. that fur a tricksy word
Defy the matter.
"Lord, what fools these mortals be."
cries Puck, as If to dispel any lingering
doubt that for a complete list of Shakes
peare's fools the great poet would send
us outside of the personao of the drama*,
off the stage, through the audience and
into the world, where each man "in nls
time Plays many parts." "Art »nou | wise?"
asks Touchstone of Poor Will In As You
Like It." (Act V. scene 1.) "Ay. sir: i
have a pretty wit," answers Will.
"Why " says Touchstone, "thou sayost
well Ido now remember a saying. 'The
fool doth think he is wise, but the wise
man knows himself to be a fool. ' In
their wise moments fools off the stage
learn what their follies are from the wise
fools and toolish wise men whom the dra
matist puts on the stage for their in
struction and enjoyment. And this Is
doubtless one of the principal reasons tor
the existence in Shakespeare ■: so many
varieties of fools and clowns.
They like the children mentioned in the
adage, are privileged to speak the truth,
opportunely and Inopportunely, uncon
sciously and without fear, to astonish us
with It when we are off our guard, to
please us with it as Jacques was pleased
when he found Touchstone "bo deep con
templative." or to startle us with it as
Lear was startled when the fool's words
darted an unwelcome truth home. "I can
tell why a snail has a house." says tne
fool. "Why?" asks Lear. "Why. to put
his head in." answers the fool, bluntly;
"not to give it away to his daughters."
Imogen spoke very wisely and in a double
sense when she said ("Cymbelln*." act 11.
scene 3) that "fools are not mad folkp."
We cannot doubt that Shakespeare looked
with smiling complacency upon the stage
fools of his own creation and with com
plete serenity upon their brethren in flip
world reflected In the plays. On softie of
them he has bestowed almost more than
their ohare of aphoristic wit and philos
ophy. He does not allow us to feel con
tempt for pny of them; he protects them
from our ridicule and often turns the
laugh away from them and upon some
humorless wiseacre, some non-laugh. or
laughter-hater, like Malvolio. We laugh
for the most part with the fool and not
at him; and when we do laugh at him it
is usually because of his own unmlstak
ablo invitation. It is the laughable In
common human nature and In social situ
ation that Shakespeare makes us recog;
nizi*. and the laughter In without hitter
■
Shakespeare appear to be that he IS
thought by si.m.- t o hilVo humored tho
common belief of hi nu- that fools and
simpletons xpok*. at timo* l.y divine «!1-
TSSFS: »*fi*. ln .' lo( .' 1 ***#** idiot./*
and that th.lr Irrelevant laylngi w#r«
tntrefore to be attended to an<l
\?™ r l' r ,'i tCd as , rnrr >»nff perhaps a
prophetic or fatrful mranlnr. Or
talii It ;is , that he sometlnua glvc«
to hi* » simple c ' own 9 a Penetration and
under«tandlnjy thai Is denied to their »v-
PTlor.H Jn lp««!teetj Speed and Launce.
fnrtl rals" In mind are allowed to sco
rarthfr than their masters. Latino* 1*
first to understand the trickery of Pro-
X Ji n S,t . pce 'i ta flrst to discover the
L?A«r ft llvl t *£** aollrlt * rtty and con
7,r«i a » |O5O 5 10 / 1 he calls hlm»Hf "the nat
ural food of '"'tune" (act IV. sceno 6),
and thorp Is an Instructive bit of dlaloßUo
Touchstone mat n " ract 1 - scene *>. where
Touchstone makes his flrst appearance:
- Ccl1 *- Jr* 10 "*" nature ha« riven ua wit ta
?™i . rr ' Tt "' hath not Fortun « at la thU
fool to cut off from the. argument?
Ro»i\Und. Indeed th ' re '■ fortune too hard
ror Nature, when Fortune make* Nature* nat
ural the cutter-off of Nature", wit.
work « n£ rr * CIV £ atar r thl " v not Fortune*
work, neither but Nature I*,1 *, who pereelvrth
•ur natural wit, ton i u n ,9, 9 r^, n <*■«»> «■«*
«£n," f ? th " Dt thN natu r»» '°r our wh*t-
°< * b « '"I U
>% en SfCT ln "All's WVll That En.1.1
(act I, tccne 3). wh^n cailrd by tho
countrjiji "n foul
mouthpil nnd calum
nious knave." enters
a prompt disclaimer,
"A prophet I, ma
dam; and I speak
the truth the next
way." thus claiming
for himself (though
perhaps Ironically)
pome s«prclnl Rift pe
culiar to his class.
The clowns will
prcm to have morn
of understan ding
than they ought to
have as mrre sim
pletons, unless ac
count ho taken of
the superstition of
Shak are's age.
Of course it would
bo easy to overrato
the Importance of
the fools and clown ;
in tho plays and
foolish to expect tn>
find meaning in nil
of their nonsena**.
A dramatic reason
is not to be aoucht
every time th<y
come on the stage.
The repartee of tho
clowns, especially la
the early comedies.
Is superficial and
.me •My verbal,
crowded with puns
and forced conceits.
The fun flies fast
und furious; tho
:ombat of wits Is
proton tf « d until
sometimes It be-
c o mes wearisome:
the quality of the humor do- not
seem to matter so much as the ability
to keep the war merrily going. Tho
clowns are sometimes put, as it were, on
their professional honor to maintain a,
rapid cross-fire of nonsense and folly.
even though the Joke« be not wort. very
much as Jokes.
Hut making due allowance for all of
this, there ls.the other danger, to which
modern readers of Shakespeare are pecu
liarly liable, of regarding all of the clown
utterances as of little Importance and of
underrating their part in the advance
ment of the main business of the plays.
It is significant that Shakespeare civ. »
most of them some dramatic work to do,
and sometimes it Is Important work.
Costard, the clown In "Love's Labor*
Lost." Is a silly country booby: he Is al
most "a natural"; he belongs to the low
est order of Shakespeare's fool-folk; ho
is unconscious of the droll figure he cuts
and Incapable of Intentional wit; llttlo
Importance can be attached to any of his
sayings, yet Costard's part In the de
velopment of the theme could not easily
be dispensed with. His prompt violation
of the king's decree makes that solemn
Instrument laughable af once. Costard
succumbs to a higher or lower but at any
rate a more natural law than the king's,
as his betters also do. In the end. Includ
ing the king himself. Shakespeare keeps
this poor clown In close, though uncon
scious, complicity with the main plot at
every point. The Costard element In tho
play affords a humorous comment on th.)
king's folly and affectation In disregard-
Ing natural human Instincts.
Launco and Speed, the clowns In tho
* Two Gentlemen of Verona." and Lnun
celot of the "Merchant of Venice" 'eloni?
to the snmo low order as Costard. Th« /
are unwitting or natural fools. Launce I*,
however, capable of a vulgar kind of cun
ning. He manages to get Speed a whip
ping as a penalty for reading his letter
and prying Into his love affair. The stago
work laid out for Launce seems unimport
ant until It Is noted that he Is employed
at l»-MFt three times to hold up In * cleur
light the Innate vulgarity of hi* master,
Proteus. When Launce enters with hi.*
dog (act 11. scenr 3) Proteus, not y*>t
known to the audience in his true char
acter of flirt, has Just parted from Julia
and left her In tears, though Proteus him
self, In spite of his tine sentiments, has
not shed a drop. Proteus Is soon to provo
untrue to Julia. In preparation for this,
Launce vulgarize*, the scene by df-scriblnj*
his own parting from his family, all nt
whom have "this very fault" of tears, ex
cept the satirical Crab. "I think Crab,
my dog. be the sourest-natured dog that
lives; my mother weeping, my f.ith-r
walling, my sister crying, our maid howl-
Ing, our cat wringing her hand* and nil
our house In great perplexity, yet did not
this cruel-hearted cur shed one tear; ho
Is a stone, a very pebble-stone, and has
no more pity in him th i a dog." Wo
remember this last against Proteus when
be forgets Julia. Launce's Instinctive ob
scenity (act IV) In re-counting Crab's mis
demeanors also reflects upon Proteus,
whotu* moral offenses against love am
parodied by Crab's conduct. I-iunro 1
lovft affair (act 111, scene 1) is about as
serious and sincere In reality as the lov©
affairs of Proteus. Launcelot. In the
"Merchant or Venice," performs a dra
matic function similar to that of Launr*.
Shakespeare has made him serviceable
to the theme of the play. Launcelot run*
away (before Jessica does) from the rich
Shylock to enter the service of the poor
but generous Hassanlo. because Bassnnla
has "the grace of God, sir." while Shy
lock only "has enough." UN reflection*
on the right and wrong of running away
(act 11, seen© 2», leading him through ii
struggle between conscience and the n>nd.
and resulting In his decision to follow th 4
advice of the fiend as being more nearly
right, furnish a comment on Jessica's
flight the right and wrong of which I*
equally hard to determine. The see «
with his father, which brings out th««ir
fondness for each other, reminds us by
contrast of the fueling existing between
Jessica and her father.
Note— This study by Professor Denary
of Ohio Btato University will be concluded
on Monday next.
NEVADA IS COMING.
California Songbird to Be Welcomed
Along With the New Tear.
Emma Nevada Is coming. The Califor
nia prima donna hi to te noro during th >
second week In January, and already her
many friends are making ready to wel
come her. European triumphs hav-a not
turned the head of the talented songbird,
and her letters to her old friend and
teacher, Mrs. C. T. Mills, tell of her do
light In coming to California once again.
It Is some fourteen years since Nevada
last visited America and her recent re
appearance In New York was the signal
for renewed triumphs. In her visit to
this const Madam Nevada will be accom
panied by her husband and daughter Mljj
non. The little girl, wno Is but 15 years
old. Is said to possess a remarkable voice,
which It is believed will startle the mu
sic loving world even more thai; that of
her talented mother, ._ -• ;\V/."'
78
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS.
THI MARKETS.
• er unchanged,
ey neglect
initial.
■
.
" weak.
a tut the sa i
" ' suppty.
Charters.
Tbe Dcra Bluhtn lsaii merchindise far Hono-
Tb« Hear>- Wilson lcais lumber at Omars
Harbor for Honolulu; H. C. Wrigßt, redwood
*t JMreka for lillj; lolacl. coaJ at Naaalaio
?->r Honolulu. ,
Th- Hutton H»U loads wheat at Portland
frr Europe. 4>s; Piir.clpallty. Mine voyaj and
r*t»: Scottish leles, wn« voyage. 42s 6d:
Wandst>eJL ur.e vofigK, 3is; ICtlat, wheat at
I'ort Ai-jclcs lor Europe, owners' account.
Weather Report.
n:nh Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, l>ec. €.. 5 p. n.
The foilcwlr.g are the jeasonal rainfalls to 1
date, as ccrcpared with those of same date last j
f&v'n. and rainfall In the last twenty-four j
La?t This Last
Ptatlcos— "* Hours. Season. Season.
r:r."n4 »« 2«. MWI
);..■ i::afT <' »t 7.32 2.12
.-v,.-mnvTit.i 0.01 7.20 l.«
Baa Frandsoo 0.« 7.7« 2.3S
F „ 1.1.3 3 >6 l.«»
!: -;.'i-n.i-n. » «'••' »'>! O.a
Kaa Luts Oblspa (< "< f« W P «7
- J..0.1 24* CIS
- .-. Dleco "<>» ' 12'- "^
fttlf ttl , 0.00 0 r.s o.ls
- .. . Franctoon data: Uaxlmozn temperature,
:-. :: ■:. mum, . mean. M.
WXATIiCn CONDITIONS AND GHNnHAL
K< lIICCAST.
~* • trearure lih* risen raridly over Utah.
Nr\*da and Southern Oilltornt.i. It Is be
j-r-.nln* to Tall rapidly al> <r\g the Opeir>->n toaj«t.
aril a ni'»l«-ratp .lisiu'-luince wll' jm>babl>* de
■.. ; by ThurMay moraine* The influence of
:!,•■ j-i.'iir. Kill probably extend southward a*
far as thr forHetto !>arallel. The atva nf high
gut \ir N'-AU'la and T'tali will probably
rheck temporarily any southerly extension of
tie !"W.
Pr -^is ar»» r»Tvirted this morninp penemlly
«.■■••.' n irtbera California anl may t>e caEpected
"'!:ur-!:iy r» rnlng thr. uph.«ut the State xouth
1 ! 5...-r 1 • • ;.i .
~ !,.■ •;:«,•. ~ riavlmurn wind velocities are !
M 1 ••• !: Astoria, rs miles l-er l:our. from the
ran: Yi:-r.n. «• miles, from the north.
Forecast r;-.».1e «t San Francisco for thirty
Jj 'i;r» radtnc tnlfJr.lk.-bt. IVrcmli'T J. IS??:
Nnttni m « al!f>mla- F«ir In H-»uthenj r'Ttion. |
r\. .•,.:>• in nortbtrn ponton: in>i»»biy :.iin in 1
exin-tne r>"t-!h»-ni pi'^-tlon: llcht s»iutheasterly
v • ■■ '• ru In ibe mnrnliur.
HouUwm California— F:iir Tliursday. frost lti
i»« mnrnlns uoater. licht northrrly winds. . vl
Nevada Pair Iti t«iuthern i*>rtjon Thursday. 1
rVu'>- In northern p'-nton.
I'n.VFsir Thnmday.
Artr.ona- Pair Thursday.
Ran FraneJiwo an.i rtdnlty— -Fair Thur«.lnv.
befomtns cloudy in the afternoon: llcht north
< rljr. ibancinjr to t-^utheasterly winds; jirobubly
fro»-t In t*-.e tTiornlic
ALKXANPEH O. Mr A HIE.
F-<re<~a«t OfflriAl.
EASTERN MARKETS.
AY:c York Stock "Market.
SETT TORK. T*r. « —The tnne of the market I
for iTidut-tiliJ t^eruritieg showed a decided cr>n- j
traM to-day to that foir railroad securities. The j
trr/ai; In prices of the Industrials approached j
d'-norallzatlon by the middle pericd of the
al '-rnr>nn. Meartine the rallrr*d storks al-
B ist Without ekceptton held tenaci.vasly to their j
price* Lat»T In :lie nftemoon the l^ars b»>:an I
to 1 over and wthuitlii some **cry marked re- j
cowrie* in tlw» Industrial list. At the same :
time the railn>ods. which bad !>een almost I
M»gnar.t. displayed some signs of- animation ;
:».::.! r*se grTjerally ot>ove yesterday's level. Net 1
K&in* in a few railroads reached a point. The !
\k\<- r^oover>' in stocks \vu coincident with j
»in casing m the rail money rate to 3 per cent.
n!tiT ruling at 7 to * i<t cent earlier In the j
day. Tho banks »»-re calling loans and the j
j:. vrmir.t 1,1 the indu>trlals suggested that j
they were in disfavor, not only with the ypecu
!j.Mv.' j'Ui.iu- tint *!ih the money lender*. In
<lU!-tnal «r.!lat. ral n|ipar«-ntly t»"ing displaced!
to a greater extent than other classes. The
t^arn were very active anil made lw>l.l onslaught i
on the Industrial list, uncovering rtop-los* or- I
cV-r* on & l»rge i«caJe. The easing Of the money [
rate nrouse.l the surpofltioa that the (tanks j
had stri'nrthened tbelr pf«ltlon to a satlsfac- |
tory extent, rromlhing tome relief from the t
t-alllns t£ loan*. As It was evident that tlie 1
fliort ir.t»^> Ft Lsd t>ecn largely extended the
1 - m traders turned to the bull side, on tlie
I B>ral theory that the three days" decline In j
jritf-s l;a<1 reaCßed far enough. They had Home |
racoems In torelnsj tlie sbortsi tn c.->vr and the 1
«I>-Tnan<l from that source t.ec a:ne rather urgent. 1
tjulte a number of th«* industrials showe<l de. j
cllnes of r,'« in 7 points and the eubse<4U«»nt j
r^ily brr-ucht tlirm up from 14 to S Lolnts.
Sugar »«» decidedly «rratlc. owing to the then
Kitting if the director* to act fin the dividend.
After mm early inivar.oe there was <Wlded we:ik- !
rt'ss and only a momentary check to the fall j
when 'he recular dUJnends were announced. |
It Ml off afterward to 14'.'S. anil after rallying I
over 3 K>ir.t!« rased «-.fT hiinin, <lo«lng with a I
n<"t eatn or a rmall frai-tli n. The Increase In
the Olvldend rate on Ati'hlson preferred, though
Tit ••r.tirely un«-xr«vn».l. l;ad a Ktrengtbenlr.g
lr,r.uer.- * "„ the railr-^nl li^t. Some strcn-th
«at« Imiiarted tn International Mocks by the
mj.port accorded In the American department I
<•• i!.» I^ondnn market. I
Continued ln.rge rhlpmrntit of purr»n'y to the j
S .nth and a lof» at over a million dollars by
the h'lnkn to the sub-tiN'asury' on yesterday's
fub- treasury 'ignitions are re^irted.
Sterling «\rhjinEe oontlnue<l tirm ti»-day.
■.. r iirr»> sras little doing la railroad bonds and
prices b»-!d nU.ut hteajjy. Total ■ale*, par
ralwe. H.««.ooft.
I'ti'tod States new «'s ar.d old 4's advanced H
In the bid rrlce.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
8!*-<r.-s QMinr
PMd. F?ork»— Rid.
S.KS Atrhlson J2'i
?<>,»•:•• Atchlson prefd f.4v»
i'.l^r, Haltlniore & Oliln ;*
:-< Canadian l'arlflc M
4:"» Canada Southern a. M
I.«T-» < 'het<ap«ake A Ohio S"H
S.'"t •'hlcaco Gr»at V.Vntern 14 "
U.v:" Cbtcajro Burtlnctan Ac. Qulncy 1334
v«» oucago |nd A Ijanlsvtnc is
i;r. '•tiir-aru Itni & l«>ulsvlll* prefd .. 4$
y» Chlcaico & Eastern Illinois *.iS4
139 «"!iiia«r> & Northwestern 1«7
!«•«• Cbicago lioek Ulatid &. I 'ad fie 132« i
X «■!■• C <• C A Bt Loul» C! 4
!,.,(¥• <-h.ra«U Southern 5t %
rr7 Colorado Kouth'-rn 3»t prefd 47
l<v> ««iorad'» Southrm M prefd 17U
1.43 d Delawara & Hudson U9\
2.«i^ iw-lnw-Mre I jk k & W<-»tern ivr,
S.Cirt IVTjver A- Itin Grande....^ 2<>4
I»'-n\«r & Rio Grande prefd 734
Erie • i;t.
r.v» Krle tut prefd 27
I.or ( i> <;r«-il Northern ;>refd 17fi r i
llorUnn «v.iU ■" 17 s* i
lf«> H'K-klnK Vnlley 2j j
LOU Illinois Or.tral U4
, I'iwa <VntnU j-pi I
:'iv» |awa Central prefd " j,ju J
4K» Km^as City PUtsbarg & Gulf '. >2
;« l^nke Erie A: WeKtern I^^*
Ijake I'rle * Wevtt m prefd *.()
!. ;■ Shore « r ,j
r.OIO I^ulsvllle Ar Nashville ' m M
r:.<:'. Manhattan L : HilL
?..1.".O M<-trojK>lltan Htreet Railway ij»;i, .
?.:<> Mexican Central '
tuO Minneapolis A St I^ouls C<; '
V ■■.:.•'■« X i*l \* ::'..- prefd 'tf,4 |
f.'.m Missouri Preiflc 471- i
Mobile & Ohio « j
Mlsnsuri Kant-im & Texsn Ijv I
r.,vo Mlhsouri Kansas U Trxas prefd *vu [
I.4'it New Jersey Central lli»* 4
4 r^s Nt-w Turk Crntral 13iv
4.12« Norfolk St Western -jr.Ki
i'Sft Norfolk & Western prefd TOU I
T->»» Northern Pariflr Lj\; i
J.O Northern Pacific prt-ld 7SK.
4,14» 'ir;i»rn> & Wrstrrn 23 * t
Orfgon Hallway A- Nay <j 1
On-run Railway & Nay prrfd 76 |
S.iM Peansrlvanla I!<4
l.'*'* ilead'.ng lys.
J.f.'Vi iUmdlns Vt prefd tSU
1.4U i:«ndlng2d prefd ........ (s
2'vi Rio Grange Western 424
l'"t Rio Gmnde Western refd jtS
T/it) Pt IxiuJs A: Sun Fran 10^4
5^ Ht I»uJ« d S.in Fran l?t prefd 71 |
*» Pt Ixwls & Kan Fraa 21 prefd 251 i
•••.••. It Lew Southwestern u\ I
2.010 St Louie Southwestern rrefd S** 1 *
t.200 Bl Paul . ■ 1234
St Paul prerd 173
109 Si Paul A; Omaha 11"H
SJ.frTS Southern Pacific 414
C.700 Southern Railway I-' 1 *
5.2» Southern Hallway prefd £74
1.600 Texa* & Pacific !"'•
3>.530 Union Pacltlc 49<-»
J. 431 Union Pacific prefd "i\i
l'W Wabash 6
i>jo wabash prefd 22*;
I.BW Wheeling & Lake Erie 104
4.£*o Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 2* 1 *
HO Wisconsin Central li"i
Express Companies —
140 Adams 112
l"0 American 145
:;o United States 48
Well! Fargn l. 1 ;
Miscellaneous —
WO An:crlran Cotton Oil 34*;
SCO American Cotton Oil j>refd S5
fC9 American Malting !<**
TiO American Malting prefd 434
2,<Al American Smelting & Refining 2s s *
1.03U American Smelting & Ref prefd.... bSU
American Spirits 4
American Splrltb prefd 17
€.210 American Steel Hoop 434
3u<> American steel Hoop rrefd I^4
21,7!«0 American Steel & Win? 4S>«
2.1 M American Steel & Wire prefd 94
6.78S American Tin Plate 2i<4
3.4T0 American Tin Plate refd 79
24.CV) American Tobacco 113 T 4
American Tobacco prefd 143
2.f-<M Anaconda Mining Co 4RK,
77.2<".: Urnoklyn Riipi.l Transit J3*»
3.1T-1 Colorado Fuel & Irvn C 37»3 7»
J2.370 Continental Tobacco 3>\
L«00 Continental Tobacco freM 91
5.22>) Federal Steel KO**
3.;'00 Federal Steel prefd SO4
3.2.V> General Electric 125
700 <;:u< ..-.. Sugar KOVj
133 <i!tirrs<» Suitar prefd 9>i
3'K> International Paper 214
4€.* i International Paper prefd CS
I.WO La<*led<» lias )>24
i.030 National lit»=cuit 39
National Riscuit prefd !<3
CY> National Lead 254
National l>»ad prrfd lu5»~
K.^2 National Steel « "
$•94 NHtt-nul Bteel prvfd S3
New Y.-rk Air Urake H4U
2.ofti North American 13*,
4M> Pacific Coast 50
l."'i P.-icirtc ('nan Ist prefd S7
Pacific Coast 2d prefd €r.
4.C. Pacific Mall '. 47.
3,5."-n People's <:«!» m\
IIS Pressed Steel Car 36
141 Prvs><vl steel «"ar prefd K» a i
T'll Pullman Palare Car 1a24
cr. standard Rope & Twine 11
i'4.ic> Sutht v;
V"0 Suirar pref.l \]\
2.4.v> T«r.n**see Coal A Iron IT. I *,
3:. 725 I'nlte.i State* I.»uther 12'
2.%<i rnlte.l Stnte* leather prefd 7^'
1.010 United States Rubber 4.'."
United State* Rubber prefd 103
I.2SS Wfit-rn ln!>n S7»;
2.C* Republic Iron &• Steel 23*«
24S Republic Iron & Steel prefd OU
V C. C & Pi Louis 73
C 64.500 Total pies.
CLOSING BONDS.
UP 2b r*K in: MX* Tls ?m;
U S 2s r*-K lft-.'^i N V Central lntn..ll2V
D S2» ioup 110 n 1 Oent nun Ea...121
a » n"w 4i> t*k IJ.IS N Carolina 6s 117
l S new 4* r.iup..in\ N Carolina 4- Vi
V S c>M Is re(..:.112S N Pariflc iftß no
D S old 4j< COUP...U3H N PaoinY 3s f.:,\
V S .'.« res mi, N Pacific 4s ICC*
1" X f.s coup nit, VI a- 8 L 4s...ini».
J)is of Col 3.C^i* IIS N A- W con 45... ?"',
Alal'JJna class A..llfrU N & W Ben €s 13%
Alabama class II. 11l Or Nay lsts I<S
Alabama <ia?!« C..1 n l iOr -Vav 4i« lftl
Alabama «"urrency.loo Or Short Line fis..l3t>
Atcbli«.>n sen 45... <<S4 Or S Line con - .1141,
Atchlnon adj 45... H't : Heading C.en 45... Vf.U
Canada So 2<\* if.; nii W lsts 97 "
•'be* & Ohio 4..5.. X>\ S L A- I M .-on r.n..10!<»4
Chen A: Ohio 6« U6>i, SLAS XOn fiR U«U
C & NW con 7k. ..143 St Paul Consols... 171U
c & nw sKdebSs.ie: ,s p t; .t p ists....i;i
<"hl<-a«o Term in... SO !S P«■ & V r.s. ... lIOH
I» & It «» l?ts m\ So lUllwny 5s 10SU
J> Jt UO 4s M Staml It & T Cb... S|
X TcnnVAr.a lsts.lOSS T'-nn new net 1a..; B*l
Erie (Jeneral 4s 71 jTex & Pac lsts W l i
F W A- I> C lfts... 71 ,Tpx & Pac 2d5.... r,4
c.on i;ie<trlc r.« — 113 ifnlon Pacific (5.:.10)%
<; H & SA Cs 110 Wahanh lsts 1144
<; HA-HA 2d5....ia-. iWabash 2ds V>\.
If & T O .'.I ll*«j \\>st Shore 4v . IPV
h&T <: Con Cs...U'! Wls <Vnt lsts :-24
lowa Cent lsts 11.*. Va ♦'Vnturies . . «.'.U
X «: P A- O l«ts... 72 ,Vr Inferred 6
Ia new onus 48....1U9 Colo & So 4s 15
I. A N Tnl 4s 100«;!ro Tar 4s St;
M X * T 24s C3UI
MIN INC PTCM7KS.
Chollar 2> >phlr SO
Cr-rorn Point 20 Plymouth 10
«>>n Cal & Va 1 «•■! ','uirk«ilv.»r 2 00
l^adwojd 6ft quicksilver pre' . 770
O.juld A Ourr>* 17 Sierra Nevada M
Hale A- Norcross... 3S 1 Standard :to
ll..me«take 63 00 i nl< ■ Con 34
Iron Sliver tt».Y<-l!un- Jacket 1:.
M-xlcan W» .
Ontario S IS
BOSTON STOCKS AND BOND*
Money— I.'nlon Land ... I
Call loan* .'"i-^7 West Knd prvfd li".
Time loans 3 fi6 'Dominion Coal 49
St<K-ks— , Uo profd 118
Atch T A- Rt Fe... 22^i! Rond»-
I>o prefd «»'« AtclilM.n 4k Sg
American Sugar.. I&Z : MinlnK Shares-
Do prefd lia i Adventure r,
Hell Telephone 34« Alloues Mln Co .. 3
Boston A Albany. ..2.V» lAtlnntlc .. 2«
Ho s ton Elevated... 102 i|i«»iton & M0nt....30S
Host on & Maine.. .2ol Putte A- 805t0n. ... €8
Chi n & Q 13:'*» CA- H»cla, ex d1v. 7.174
IM El«^- 111 r>S «>ntennlal 20\
ntchburtf pr»'fd....l2'> I>anklln UVi
Ceneral V:ie C tric....l2r,\i Ilumboldt 14
Do prr-fd ::, «>«ceo!a 75
Federal St«-el 64' i Parrot S9 l ;
l>o pr«'fd 81 .Qulncy i;o'
Mexican <'.ntral... 12'sSt Fe Copper C 4
Old Colonr 237 (Tamarack 209
Old Dominion X Wlnona 7
KuMier 4r, !Wolverlne s 354
irnlun Padflc.:^.. 4:«4 Utah 34
Nctv York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Dae. 6.— Money nn call. firm,
bat closed mthrr easier nt 35S i»er cent; last
loin, 3 i«t cent: rulimr rate. S ficr cent: prime
mercantile papei • •-• cent. Sterling ex
char.jre firm, with actual business In hankers"
bills at J4 KCHJj4 >C\ for deman.l and at 54 M 4
fJ4 M»« for CO days: jK.ste.i rates, $4 *24 and
14 K74: cr>mmerciul bills, $4 W4; silver certifi
cates. . r A4a;»4c: bar silver. 59c: Mexican dol
lars. 474". 4 c. Government bonds strung; State
bonds Inactive; railroad bonds vtrady.
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Dec «.-Tii-day*i« statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able rash balance, $255,223,540;2 5 5,223,540; gold reserve
I2ns,ocs.r.ss.
London Market.
NEW YOrtK. Pec. The Commercial Ad
vertiser's I>ondon financial cablegram pays;
The markets here wen- rather busier to-day,
mainly in mines, ami the. tone was more cheer
ful, arsiisu-d by an unconfirmed rumor of a de
cisive • ■ lavment at the Tugela. It was said
thut .the STS had retreated on 'Ladysmlth.
It was also fancied. that the announcement of
(•eneral Joulyrt'a lltaess »•« to pave the way
for an admission that lie wan killed In action
some time ago. as reported. .
Americans op»-u*d well above parity. London
recanl!n»:»ho|.eiully President M X :.-.'■■. men
tion i.f the currency at all lti his message and
reganilnit the trust paragraph as merely tak
lr.r the wind out of the IVmcx-rats 1 Kalis They
remained flnn and cloeed at the best. Spanish
4s wera C 7*»; Tlntos. 4C14; Anacondas ». Money
wa M «-afler. Few bills were offered. The bank
boiißht i;i4.000 gold In French coin. The week"s
influx was J144.0W. It Is rumored now that
Kuula may (supply gold.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Dec. tna/llan Pacific. 96?;-
Northern IViclflc preferred, 7SV4; Union Paclflc
prtfetre,!. 78»4 ; Atchlson. 23H: »i.d Trunk
.«»; Annronda. 9. liar Kilver, dull, 27 3-lCd t>er
ounce. Money, 4 per cent.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Dec. C. -CATTLE -Good to choice
cattle steady, poor to medium, shade lower;
cow market and caoners, strong, active; stock*
TIIESAN FRTiXCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1599.
*™c k" fe *" lers ahout steady: good to choice.
»•• 60,;r. :;: p,->or to medium. $4 Mgj 40: mixed
stockers. $3' L tZ 75: selected feeders. $4ff4 BS: good
to choice cows. J3 CO&4 76; hflfers. J3S3: enn
ners. j:;f3; bulls. ?„' 30: calves, Uif! "•:
*»t^f h "* v **. 1455 75; grass Texas stet-rs.
HOGS— Active and 5c to lik- higher; closed
£'«£•. - !r <-" !p arance; mixed md butchers.
Ni S.-/14 1.v.; g.x^j to choice heavy. $4&4 15:
SHEEP— Steady to vreak: lambi about stead y
I native wethers. J3 S»&4 15: Un.bs. Wat, :i:
j wethers. $4^4 40; Western lan y.<U
j 2o l cw c " pts ~Cattl~ Cattle * 14>000: ho^* s ' 34i000: b)^p-
A'ew York Grain and Produce.
NEW YOIIX. Dec. 6. -FLOUR— Receipts. 26.
€2S barrels: exports, 2.".. IST. The market opened
firm.- with an Upward tendency, but finally
eased off with the break in wheat, closing
rather weak. Minnesota patents $3 SOS 4; win
ter patents, J3 1 » ; .? SO: winter atralghts, J3 Ss@
I 45; winter extra*, $2 Co<23.
WHEAT-Hecelpts. M.W bushels; exports,
234.M0 - '■'•" Spot, steady; No. 2 red. 73\c
f. o. b. afloat: No. 1 Northern Duluth. 7!>Uc
f. o. b. afloat to arrive; No. 1 hard Duluth,
IJV f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, »%c elevator.
Options opened firm at Vie advance on cables
n^n w «•" buying. After moving upi;c more
on IlKht > -.-tern receipts, new buying failing to
appear, the bears successfully attacked prices.
being aided by favorable Argentine crop news
and room traders unloading freely O n the break
caused continued heaviness, the close bolne
weak at He net lower. March. 7W4O7stte. closed
May. 74V,f75Hc. closed 74> 4 ci July 745«
.o»,c. closed 74Hc; December. 72ii'S72»i(; doSS
<2Sc
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Steady.
METALS— Spelter I --played leading strength
in the market for metals and advanced slightly
on pood demand, firm cables and light offerlngg
Scarcity r.f tpot article caused continued firm
ness in lead. Tin. on the ether hand, was weak
and neelected. At the close the Metal Ex
change called:
PIOIRON Warrants neclected.
LAKE COPPER— DuII and nominal at H7fj
TlN— Weak at $27 'a 27 2.">.
LEAD— Firm for spot, unchanged for futures
at $t 7*V!f4 80. The brokers' price for lead Is
J4 40 and for copper J17517 25
SPELTER-Flrmer nt 14 K74<74 724.
COFFEE— Ootions closeil e««y at a net de
cline of 1052) points. Total sales SO. OOO baxs
Including: December. $5 MfiG: January 166
6 W: February. $'*' 03: March. $GfiC 10- May JS 10
W0 20: June. $C 20; July. Sl'.S I . 2»'<i6 2.': Sepu-mber
H Cr.g« 33; 0.-tober. J6 4>>; November. JC «(Kj> I
« 4... Spot ceffee. easy; No. 7 Invoice, 6-^c; No.
. Jobbing. 7\c: mild, quiet: Cordova, 6 s ;@lH4c
SUGAR— Raw, quiet and steady; refined
steady.
HlTTEß— Receipts. 6044 packages. Firm-
W extern creamery. 23fJ27c; June creamery 22ff
2.c; factory. 134<fj2V.
EGGS— Receipts. CC29 packages. Firm. West
ern uncrnded at mark. lCfi2lUo.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
California dried fruits dull but steady. Evapo
rated apple s slow, as country advices favor
neither buyers nor sellers. No changes were :
not«l in prices, but outside figures are ex
treme.
EVAPORATED APPLES -Common, 6fi*7c;
prim*-. .^7"»o: choice, SU«jS4r; fancy, R»i{J9c
PRUNES— 34'SS4c per pound, as to size and
quality.
APRICOTS— TtnyaI. UfflSc; Moorpark. 15^-lSc. I
PEACHES— PeeIed. I'')'fj22c; unpeeled. 7'iS'lOc.
Chicago Grain Market.
'HI « — The decrease in the rto
• i a bull comfort at the opening
<«f the wheat market, and f .
in r. i . llngly
■
Thai nnrV • •
. i>roflt
s hen Bra l
it the pr.- .
I th<- errurs oi history, aver
d Increase of
a hum " : 0 un .
■
■ Ml Ogth of the
wheat : • light red
•■ ■ .
off with \\).
-
1 rovlslons early were strong, but the weak
ness of grain and the active profit taking
turned the tide and the close was ca»y at
prices under yesterday's closr.
May pork closed 24c under yesterday. May
lard 24c lower and May ribs 24c down.
The leading futures ranged .is follows:
Articles open. High. Low. Clos.
W heat No. 2—2 —
December e.-.^i 66U kh 634
MCoVn-No/2M CoVn-No/2- " ?i 7 °* ** »Z
December 30*; ftu 29* i 30
January 301, ;>, jnii 3(> i;
*% ••;-• 32»* 32% 32* 32H
<lats No. 2— •
December an 224 22»i 22V;
Mess Pork, per barrel-
December ■ 624 |65 |53 855
J;»»"ary 9 714 5 724 860 9 624
May aOO 9s» 9 524 9 S'u
I-ard, per 100 pounds-
December .... 5 i".
January S 324 5 3.1 f'2'7'4 5 274
Mar 3 r.24 IC 24 5 47 1 - C 474
Short Ribs, per l^o pounds— * "
December ... r l\-
January 815 S2O lIW BIS
May 533 533 C 2*4 C 274
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, firm: No. 3 spring wheat. C34«fit4e-
No. 2 red. C7'Q67t2C; No. 2 corn. 30'S30U<"'No 2
cats. r'J\-.;L'3<-. No. 2 white. 234 c: No. 3 white,
244tf2r.4<-; No. ■ rye. r.3c: No. 2 barley. 3Sf:4lc-
No. 1 Jinx seed. SI 33; prime timothy soed $' 4V
mess pork, per bbl.. «- 21 ,•• V,; lard per irvi
lbs. Jl 9Sfi:. 274: short ribs rides (loose). W(s
5 SO; dry suited shoulders (boxM), &H@u%C
short clear sides (l>oxed). S3 20^3 40; high wines.'
per gallon. $1 234-
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 3C.0n0 1400.)
heat, bu 232.0(0 20 OVI
Corn, 1 'i 317,00) 23600U
Oats, bu 37U.000 24!t'fio.)
Rye. bu 3,00rt 4 00^)
liarley. bu 66.000 17^000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was strong; creamery. lCft2Sc; dairy,
l«i"22c. Cheese, easy, ll«i®l24c. Eggs, firm,
fresh. 20fi20 t .ic.
Foreign Futures.
I LIVERPOOL.
1 Wheat— Dec. Mar. May
Opening 5 71; 5 94 5 94
I Closing C 74 5 9»i 5 97»9 7 »
! PARIS.
Wheat— Dec. Mar -June.
Opening 1790 IS S3
Closing is 10 19 05
Flour-
Opening 23 70 24 70
Closing 24 00 23 05
; Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. Dec. I -Special cable and tele
graphic advices to Dradstreet's show the fol
! lowing changes in available supplies from the
last account:
Wheat— l'nlt'ed States and Canada, east of the
: Rockies, increase. 1.250,000 bushels.
Liverpool corn trade news — Afloat for and In
, Europe, increase, 100.000 bushels.
Total supply, wheat— Increase, 1.330.000.
Corn— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, Increase, ci.ooo.
— United States and Canada, cast of the
Rockies, Increase. 101.000.
Amontr the more important increases reported
to l:r.u!street - not given In the official visible
supply statement, are thos« of 727.000 bushel:) at
Northwestern Interior elevators, COO.OOO at Mar.
: Itolia storage points. 192.000 bushels at Coteau
Quelieo. 105.000 at Chester and 30.000 bushels
! at Minneapolis private elevators.
j Th.- principal decreases were those of 135.000
bushels at I^jutKVille. 79.0'K) bushels at Mil
waukee private elevators and 73.000 at I 'alias
Boston Wool Market.
• TON. Dec. «.— TTio American Wool and
Cctton Reporter will say to-morrow: There
I htui been a very considerable lull In business
during the rant week, the volume of transac
tion* being less than one-half of that reported
during the preceding week. This quiet condi
tion of affairs Is not unwelcome to the trade,
as It rives them a chance to catch up on de
liveries. The strength of the, situation Is In
no wise weakened, owing to the continued
firmness and hardening tendency of values
abroad, which enable wool to be exported at a
rrpflt In case it Is not wanted here. The mar
ket Is In a very irregular condition and quo
tations on several grades are largely nominal.
Holders' idens as to the 'values of wool vary
and some lots are held far above the market.
The sales of the week In Boston amounted to
6.4. -.200 pounds domestic and 24P.000 pounds
foreign, making a total cf fiJ21,230 pounds.
against a total of 13 913 000 for the previous
week ard a total of 3.C3T.000 for the correspond
ing week last year.
Sales since January- 1 IS* 0 , amount to 334.
503.77G pounds, against 125 4W.610 laet year at
this time.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, Dec 6— There was the usual at
tendance at the wool auction sales to-day
The offerings, Which consisted of 10.322 bales,
included a fine lot of Geelong. Queensland and
New South Wales new clip merinos ':'!•■
American buyers and continental representa
tives- secured the bulk of the merinos at 20
per cent above the last series, excepting medi
um fleece, which realised an advance of 13
P-?r c«nt. Flr.e paired greasy were taken by
American bii>«*r» at 2j per cent advance over
the lost s?erie«.
Northern Wheat Market.
ORBQOM.
PORTI.AVI\ Or. Dec 6 -Wheat - Walla
Walla. Oc; Valley. Ue; Rliie«tem, S3c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Dec. C— Wheat was i-low and
prices stdtlonarj'. No. 1 Club HHc; liluestem.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or.. Dec. 6— Clearings. 1402.
9 SB; balances, 103.685.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Dec. 6 —Consols. 102 9-16; allver.
27 3-16 J: French rentes. lOOf 75c; wheat cargoes
oft coa£t, easier and neglected; cargoes on pas-
Rage, firmer tendency; English country mar
kets, generally «d cheaper
LIVERPOOL, Dec. 6.- Wheat, flrm: wheat In
ParlF. firm; flour in I'arls, strung; French
country markets, firm
COTTON- li land... 4 9-32 d.
CLtoeisQ.
CORN— Spot— American mixed new and old.
Futures— Quiet; l>ecember, 3s 5V»d;
January, -=•
WHBAT— BpoI No. : red Western winter.
« ml - ' I; No. 1 Northern spring, firm, la
lid Futures-Firm. December, 6s 7"^d: March,
Sa S\<l; May. Cs 9%4
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — }« «2
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 «7
Sterling Cables — 4 574
New York Exchange, sight — 5'
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Mexican dollars — 484
Fine Silver, per ounce — 13
Wheat and Other Grains.
'WHEAT— Liverpool and Paris futures were
higher. Cargoes on passage for Liverpool were
firm, with a good Inquiry, but oft coast cargoes
were easy and neglected.
Chicago opened firmer on hotter foreign ad
vices, and there was a good shipping and spec
ulative demand. Continental bids were 3c
higher, and there was a good Continental de
mand for Whent, Corn and Rye. Receipts were
light, those at primary points being 755,0«J0
bushels, only half .if last year. The interior
movement was light. Later on In the session
news from the Argentine checked trading and
the markft fell back.
Th- 1 local market followed Chicago up and
down. Spot price* were firm. The demand for
shipment was fair and Improving.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. 97H&9SXC; milling.
Ji.il 024.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:l3 o"clock— May— lJ.oM
Ctls. Jl 07: 2000, SI 06 T i; 10.000. SI 06%; 6*1.30,
$1 <Y,\,: Decembor-SOCO ctls, |i 10U; 12,000,
Jl ]u?k: 2W'O. SI ii"...
Serond Sef?tun-May— :ooo ctle. 11 06»i; 8000,
fl 06 V
Regular Morning Session— May— 4ooo rtls,
SI 06; I6.<xv>. $1 064; 14/00. SI 06J4; December.
i-kk>— sooo ctls. si 104: ttoo. $1 10.
Afternoon Session— May— 2ooo ctts, SI OC-V
23,000. SI W*: 52.0 TH). SI *'.4.
BARLEY— The Kalian- takes for Cork 67.15S
ctls. valued at j:.i.47.>
The market is neglected and featureless.
Exports In November were 611.470 ctls. valued
at 5352.730, making total exports thus. far this
crop year of 2.40y.!?0 ctls. valued at 1.'.4»:2.«0n.
Feed. SOc for No. 1 and 60©75 c for oft grades;
Brewing and shipping grades, K><g9uc; Cheva
lier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales,
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— December— £ooo ctl«, S3c;
January— SOW ctls. sic.
OATS— Offerings are ample and the demand is
" poor. Prices unchanged.
White. S110fil30; Red. II 074^1 20; Gray,
Jl C"4<&l 174: Black. 974c® SI 074-
CORN— Eastern White is quoted at 11-g 1 OS
per ctl. All other kinds' are nominal.
RYE— Sift 1 OS PPr ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— at 11 So@2 15 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
The China steamer took out 12.765 bbls. Flour.
California family extras. S3 Co@3 75,
usual terms: bakers* extras. 13 40<33 CO; Oregon
and Washington. JS 40Q3 CO per bbl for extra.
J3 23T?3 40 for bakers' and 12 21^3 for superfine.
MiI.I-.-Ti : Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, uyual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 23 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal 12 '■". Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal, $2 50;
Oat Groats. 14 CO; Hominy. $3 2Cfj3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, M4>4 25: Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Farina. $4 60: Whole Wheat Flour. $3 CO: Rolled
Oats (barrels). Kill 25; In sacks, |3 7" -i 7.
Pearl Barley, }■". Spilt Peas, $5; Green Pea*.
$3 CO per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuifs.
All deiK-riptlon^ un.ier this head remain un
r ot than are weak. Hay
cont!nu«'< depressed.
BRAN— SI4GIS per ton.
MIDDLINGS— 11761* CO per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. Sl6 50917 50
p.>r ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. |2«#27; Job
bing. t37Sofi3B; Coroanut Cake, t2o"ff2l; Corn
meal, J23&0f124C0: Cracked Corn. $24623; Mixed
FeM. $16C*ml7; Cottonseed Meal. $2S per ton.
HAY— Wheat, $7 GO<SS for common to good and
}t) 50 for choice; Wheat nnd Oat. $7'(jy; Oat,
J(i--.(J)>; Barley. jr. ■<•) 50; Alfalfa, $sfiS per ton;
Compressed S7ijill> per ton.
STRAW— 23^ We jkt bale.
Beans and Seeds.
There is nothing new in Reans except a de
cline In Red. The demand Is slow,
BEANS— Bayos, i:i .:.'ii:i 50; small White. 1290
fj3; large. White. $2 40#2 30; Pinks, $2 «SJJ2 75;
Reds. SSr-O; Hlackey*. U «^4 73; Butters,
numlnal; Lima. U'A'ii; Tea. $3tj3 25; Red Kid
neys. S3 M i.« ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. 3®3<-ir: Yellow Mus
tard, 4U4Uc: Flax. 1J 12%: Canary, SHe per 1b
/or California and 4c for Eastern: Alfalfa. 7<r
8c; Rape. 2<i'&3c; Hemp. 4g44c; Timothy.
4.i 44c
DRIED PEAS— Nllea, SI 35£ i 1 CO; Green, »1 75
Ql Si per ctl. _____
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Vegetables remain about as before. Potatoes
and Onions unchanged.
POTATOES— River Reds. €o®6sc: Burbankj.
40^6T>c per ctl, Salinas Burbanks, Hi/1 Z>; Ore
gon llurbanks, r.dc'/t tl 10: Sweet Potatoes, ~H&
Sac for Rivers and $i,ii 10 for Merced.
ONIONS— TScGfI per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green peas. 7<?Jloc per 1b:
String Means. 44j7c; Cabbage. MOBOc; Los An
geles Tomatoes, n ■;»] 23; En Plant from Los
Angeles. 10c; Dried Okra. 124-: per Ib; Garlic.
394 c; Green Peppers from Los Angeles. lij7c:
Dried Peppers. $S?il0c; Carrots. 30fi40c per
sack; Los Angeles Summer Squash, .'.'». $1 per
box: Marrowfat Sauash, 112^15 per ton; Mush
rooms, 10$t 13c per 11..
Poultry and Game.
Heavy stocks of Eastern keep the market
depressed. Turkeys alone arc firm, being In
light receipt.
Game continues quiet and In sufficient sup
ply ply.
POULTRY— I . •.-.- Turkeys. 12014 c for Gob
blers and lii'.iHi- for Hens: Dre*»ed Turkeys,
17*6 1 -.- . Geese. i>er pair. SI 73ijf2: Goslings, $1 75
63; Ducks. M :.i",-i i ."" for old and l< 504j5 M for
toung; Hens. )3 :.■ n. .<>. Young Roosters, J3 CO
:i4. Old Roonterw. J3 5O04; Fryers, t: :<>it*.
Brollere, : :: 2&OI for large and 13"g3 60 for small;
Pigeons, {1 p«r dozen for old und II 7Sy. for
tiquabs.
GAME— Quail, %■>: Mallard. JSofl: Canva»
back. Js®6; Sprig. $; CO<S3: Teal, J2iS2 25; Wid
geon. II 7552; Small Duck, II 50; Doves, *&<•s
$1 i«-r ilozen: Hare. 11236110; Rabbits, 1175;
Gray Geese. 13-113 60; Whlto, II 25*31 M: Brant.
tl "o©2 CO; Honkers. ; English Snipe. 12
per tea; Jack Snipe. SI 250150.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Errs Rn» excessively weak. Dealer* have re
duced their aektna; prices, but this does not
tempt buyer*, who hoi.i off and stocks are
accumulating, A continuous decline Is now
looked for. !
Uutter, too, la weak, and dealers are disposed
t I MIL There Is plenty on th,e market.. Cheese
i.- unrhanped.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 25c: second!,
:ie:4c.
Dairy— Fancy. 2C»ic; good to choice, :i©22c;
common. 20c.
Pickle.! roll. 21222' Ac; firkin. Italic; creamery
tub. :■:
Eastern— l7fil?e for ladle packed.
CHEESE ml new. <124 c; old
"''•i c \,. Voan X" An >«rtca. I3*t(ffl3c; Ea6tern.~K«ff
16.'; Western. 1 " 16c per |b.
EGOS— Quoted ■■• 2i><B2oc for common and Ktf
■>Sc per dozen for ranch. Eaetern— Cold stor
ii K £'~}'** l9c for flrsts and 15c for seconds; fresh.
21t)23c ; at dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
There is nothing new to repcrt. Apples an.i
Oranges are in ample supply and weak at the
decline already noted. Graphs are neglected
DECIDUOUS KRKITS—
, Apples— ;3<ii6Cc p*r box for .- mm in. "Cuil
l? T .K° L> £ ana Jl -'- *°r choice; Lady Apple*.
II ...u- 23 per box.
Btrawbcrrlas. — per rhe*t *nr
small und $4 for larKf berries: Itaspberri.s.
>6 per chest: Blackberries. ■ i\iu e ,- o d
Cmnberrtnr. BO»; Coo. Hay Cranberries. Ji W
ill ... per box.
Herslmm JiSSOc per box.
Orap-s. UifiiOc per box; craten. KaTie
inter Pc in, Mi ris- 7:, p»r box
■iTiiis rm.'ITS-Navel Orangey tIEOOSM
per box; Seedlings. Ji-yi t; : Japanese Manda
rins Ji wu\ Vk l'om..i,, f , |jj,o Lemoni 41a
It f ur toll>mon ar "l WaZZQ tor good to choice-
Mexican Limes. !4fH CO; Bananas $1 ZO'id per
bunch; Pineapples. $lfi2 ;« per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
DRIED FRUITS-Prunes. In sacks. 414 c for
40-50' s. 4#4'«c for SO-CO's. 34c for ti'MO'g, 3'iC
for 70-80' 3c for SO-M's and ;»ic for 60-lCirs.
Apricots, 11,. ■.:- for Royals, 12'iSlSc for Moor
parks and 12314 c for Blenhc Peaches. W
s«ic for Standards, Cfis\ic for choice and :■ for
fancy; p-eled Peaches. 124915 c; Evaporated
Apples. 7©7\c; Sun-dried. b'aiu*s per lb- Nec
tarines. S^ft'-tc per lb for red; Pears. GUftSc for
quarters and B©loc for halves: Hlack Figs. 3»
B^c; White FiX". * 9Cc: "leached Mums. g#9c^
Unbleached Plums. 7Q7Vic for pitted and me
for unpltted. ™
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
!b. 10c; choice, 9c; standard. 8c; prime. 8c; un
bleached Thompsons. per lb. 60. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, BV»c. choice. 7'-,c; standard 6Ho*
prime. 60: unbleached Sultanas. Cc: Seedless
60-ib boxes. Ie; 2-crown loose Muscatels, 54c;
S-crown. 6*-ic; 4-crown, 7.-; London Layers,
2-crown. 11 M per box: 3-crown. 11 60. Fancy
Clusters. S3: Dehesa, 12 .V); Imperial. |3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping pclnta
In California.
NUTS— Chestnuts, S'3l2'»c: Walnuts, SffSc
for standard* and 9' - al"c for softshell; Al
monds. ii». ; 'ii 12.' for paper-shell. HflOc for soft
and tOSc for hardshell: Peanuts, o\>a<S%c for
Eastern and 5c for California: Brazil Nuts,
TVtftSc; Filberts. HU^i2c. Pecans. lO^lic;
■ .inuts. $4 50^5.
HONEY— Comb. llH©l2c for brißht and 10»i®
lie for linht amber; water v. hit- extracted 7%
gSc; light amber extracted. 6*^B7c; dark # 6Uc
X>cr lb. '
BEESWAX— per lb.
Provisions.
The only change Is a decline In Cottolene.
CURED MEATS — llacon. 9>;c per lb for
heavy. 9»4c for light medium. lOVje for light,
UHc for extra lluht and 13c for supar-cured':
Eastern suj;ar-cured Hams. 12'.4c; California
Hams, nominal: Aless Beef. >'.' per bbl; extra
M.hm. $13; Fan.lly. $14: extra Prim* Pork. $14 50;
extra clear. $17 M); Mcbh, $16 SO; Smoked Beef'
146144 c per Ib.
I.AKI> — Tierces quoted nt 6Uc par lb for
compound and 7c for pure; half-barrels, pure
T';,.-. I" It. tlni". Sc: 5-lb tins, MJe
OOTTOLENE— 7)4#7%0 per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Hops continue excessively weak and dull.
HIDES AND SKINK-Culls and brands sell
about la under quotations, Heavy salted steers.
llttc; medium. in 1?'':1 ?'': llKht. 10c; Cowhides, io@
104 c; StaES. 7c; Halted Kip, Me) Calf, 10c:
Dry Hides, sound. 1T...- cull* and brands
14c; Dry Kip and Veal. 16c; Dry Calf, lsft)
Vjc; fheeji-klns. yearllnKS. 2O}ir.c each; s>hort
Wool, SJ'&SOc each; medium, 70'y < .toe; long Wool,
$14>1 2'> each: Horse Hld»*!>, palt. $; 00 for largo
and $l't:! BO for email: Colts, iOc.
TALL/AY— No. 1 rendered, .'<_• i>er Ib: No. 2.
4'ic: refined. 61,4 c;6 1 ,4 c; grcuse, 2'je.
WOOI^-
Kall clip. Pan Joaquin plains. SfjlOc; Booth
ern, "■..•!'•■■: Middle County. 11-513 . Humholdt
and Mcndoclno, lfifjKc: Eastern Oregon. I2^ljc;
Valley Oreßon. 17f/lSc: Northern Mountain,
free. ll'SjMc; Northern Mountain, defective, 10'j
lie j*t It
HOl'S— 6^9o r«r lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF— 7e7Vie per lb for Steer* and 6Ug: c
for Cows.
VEAI>-SSlOc cer lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7c; ewes. 6Uc per lb
I,AMB-S©S»sc per lb.
PORK- Hogs. 6H*?s»ic for small. SS»
D*ic for meillum and .'.*;",'•«■ for large; stock
Hogs and feeders, B'.jc; dressed Hogs, 7ijSHc.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags. 7<B7Vie; Wool
Bags, HOMe: Fruit Bags. 6c. S%e and 6*ic for
the three grades of white and 7<ic for bleached
Jute.
COAL— Wellington. $S per ton; New Welling
ton. $*. BonthfleM Wellington. $7 59; Seattle. $7;
Bryant, *6; Coos Bay. $5; WalUend, $S; Scotch.
; Cumberland, $3 73 In bulk and $11 23 in
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $13; Can
nel. $1 00 per ton: Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $11 25; Coke. $13 per ton In bulk and $13
In sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 1 00- 1 b bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. !>\c: Pow
dered, iiSc; Candy Granulated. Be; Pry Granu
lated. 474 c;4 7 4c; Confectioners' A. 4?ic; California A.
; Magnolia A. 44c: Extra C, 4Sc: Golden
C, 4^»c: barrels. l-16c more; half-barrels, Me
more; boxes, Uc more; .'.()- bags. '».• more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent. Dominoes, half-barrels. i*»*-"i
boxes, 55 T »c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY. PF.CKMPFn 6.
Flour, qr Fks — 10,001 Btraw, t>n-< 15
Wheat, ctln 10.257 Hopa, Imlos 6S
Ftarley, ctls 7..4 4. Wool, bat-.* US
Beans, sks 2 . >-■ >c 1 r. If^. bdu 210
Potatoes, sk* 1.421 Hldea, .%'■• 4 I
Onions, sks 1.040 Sugar, bhis 31s
Itrin, sks... 1.104 Lime bbli : »•".
Mld"l!!n*i». sks... LMO Uaislns. bxs :I 1
Corn, CUS IV Egg*, d.<z 17.73 D
nutter, ctls a$ Leather, rolls. .. 53
«he.»s^. rtls I"! Quicksilver, flsks 110
Tali<>»-, ctln IM. Wine, gals 49.sn<)
Hay, tons IM Brandy, gals 6.595
OREGON.
Flour, qr ska.... 15.056 Onions, ska go
Wheat, ctls 720 Bran, sks 5.150
Oats, ■Ms 00 Shorts, ska 1.575
Potatoes, iks 2..M
THE STOCK MARKET.
Busings In securities was better on the
morning session and the tone was firmer.
Hawaiian Commercial sold up to $:<•-' M, Contra
Costa Water to $75 73 and Bank of California
to $402 '.«.
In the afternoon Contra Costa Water sold
up to $76 10. Oceanic to $:«3 and Spring Valley
Water to |M W.
Business In oil stocks continued light.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNKSDAY, Di ■. «— 2 p. m.
Bld.Aik. Bld.Ask.
U S Bonds— Eqult O L Co. 6% 6%
4a quar coup.. — — Mutual El Co. — ' i.,i,
4b cjuar reg v .. — — JO <; I. &II ... 43 48
4s quar new... — — ,Pac Gas Imp.. — Li
8a quar coup... — 1097*1 I'ac Light Co. 40^ —
Miscellaneous— BFOI E.. 56 56S
Cal-st Cab 85..U7% — San Francisco. ZM —
c C Wat as.. ..aw - Stockton Gas.. U -
Ed L 4 P 65. 130 - Insurance—
F&CI Ry 68.115 — Flrems Fund.222U —
Oeary-st It to. — 95 -- Bank Stocks—
(1 C& S s«*s.U2 — Anglo-Cal «5 —
"L.ARy 6s — 106 Hank of Gal . 405 —
LAI, Co ii.. 99 — Cal SD A T.. - 95
Do gntd fin. 99 — First Xatlonl..;.. • 250
Do gntd 5e.. — 102 I»n I" & A 131 IT»U
L, A& P R 55.104 - Merchnts 1 Ex. — 16 "
Market-st c.-...i:s*«i::' [Nev Nat Bk.. 190 —
Do Ist M iH.ll'"\in i ;; Savings Banks—
NCN a X "a.113 — Ger S A L....1740 —
NR of Cal 65.11S — Hum B.* I^-.-lW^ 11W
N X of Cal Ss.U3£U4V4 Mm Say 8k... 39 "4;
NPC Rlt 65.10J — s F Say U... goo _
NPC It R 55.10S — ; Say &I. So — vj
N Cal R It sslC9 - Sec Say Uk _ 310
001- t 11 1474 — Union T C 0. ..1490 1440
Oak Tran Cs.. — 113 Btreet Railroads-
Oak WCo 6b. .108 - California lw 12J
Ocean B 8 6s..lf*SV4llo Q«ary 30 —
Dm CRy tm...)M%\n Market-st ... 6°>i C"S4
P&CI Ky 65.. 108 - Oak 81.4% ii - fZ
Pk &O Ry *«.U5 — Presidio _ t)
Powell-Bt R 6s — 123 Powder-
Sac El <~i *Rss — — California . 165 _
SF& N P Cs.US - E Dynamite., «s _
BFt a.iv :-.iru — Giant Con Co. 91U 93
SRy of Cal ta.Mtfc _ Vl* rlt 3.: zK
Sl'of A la.. 113 113S Sugar— fjT.
8 P c 68<iw:.>. — 111 : liana I- Co 91; ou,
8P C 1306) 111 -- I Haw CiS Co 9»t _
SP C 63(1912).118Vi - Honokaa S Co. 3ZK 33
HVC.Is eg 6s. — — Hutch s P Co. it* "(Pi
SPHr 6e 1235125U Kllau 8 Co.. — _
S V Wat 65... .114!; — Makawell BCo — 45
8 V Wat ...Ml — lOnomea 8 Co. 34 _
8 V W4sCMm).loO*ilol IPaauhau 8 Co. 32 —
Sthton lias 6s. — — MISOVItatMOOa—
Water Stocks— AI Puck Assn.H7HUB
Contra Costa.. .6 76' i Mer Xx Aasn.. — jno
Mann County.. 50 — lOceanlc 8 Co.. 94>4 96
Spring Valley. 93 KM Pac A ¥ A.... IU —
Gas and Electric— j Pac C llnr C 0 .133* —
Cent Gas C 0... — par Paint Co.. »U —
Cent L & P... Hi 6».;l .•,.-.
'\.' -.'■■ Morning Session.
Board—
15 Alarka Packers' Association 117 75
10 Contra Costa Water 75 50
10 Contra Coeta Water. cash 73 50
IS Contra Costa Water, cash 7". 75
2< Hana Plantation Co I M
2tK) Hana Plantation Co 9 37U
13 Hawaiian Com'l & Suicar 02 CO
Co Hawaiian Com'l &■ Sugar 93 50
10 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar . . 9i 2">
10 Hawaiian Com'! &. Sugar 92 374
2W) Honokaa S Co X." 7i
Sr-000 Market Street Railway con 5s 117 00
200 Ononu-a Sugar Cn . . . -^v 3t CO
40 Paauhau S I' Co b : 32 00
1W Paauhau S P Co. - 93 3.' 00
ICO Paauhau - " Co ... 32 (1)
si> S P Gu & Electric Co 800
; SO.S>\ Water . ?.*• 00
100 Makaweli «-, oo
I2COO S V 4» i3a m0rtg). ....'.'.'.'.'.'.'.. !'."!'.!100 73
Street—
:« Rank ci California 402 ."0
40 l. p & a Bank . ia u>
19 Oceanic s s i*o s>4 io
!"• S V Water 9.'. W
HI.) j; s 2s ;....;.;.:;.; 110 urt
i-'CoOO i; 1 4« <rrR» 13-.- ;.(,
Afternoon Se.«.«ion.
Board—
30 Alaska Packers' Association l! 77J
:'•.• Ala-It* Parkers' A.-sovlution lij CO
10 Hank of California *c io
20 Contra Coata Water ~.t zj
.'..'. «'<>rtra Co»ta Water Tti f.O
4i'i liana Plantation Co » S7<4
ICO Hana Plantation Co. » 3) 9 IS
100 II .-.-. .;;-,:. Cora'! & Sugar 92 :-•
123 ll.inokua xi ','■
2>-» Hutchliuon s p Co ;ti >:•
io Hutcbliwon s p Co :•; ;.*.
10 Oceanic S s Co «r. i«>
J0 Paiuiliau S 1' Co 32 00
t.O S F das & IClettrlc Co . . 13 25
L'O S F Gas & Klectrlc Co l« 00
5 S F Ga? & Klectrlc Co S6 12'.
5S r G;*« i- Electric Co M 2i"
10 S V Water KM
$KOO S V 6a jj4 M
HAN FRANCISCO BTOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
_ Mornlnc Session.
Fkard—
10 Contra Costa Water 7; 00
15 Contra Costa Water 73 IJU
1-0 Equitable Oa3 5 60
10 Giant Powder ... 94 oi)
10 Giant Powder .... "" [*]""-* StTU
15 Giant Powder '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. 93 75
25 Onomea Supar Co .........! 34 oo
2o°« n r^ LL r KarCo gg*
15 8 V Water '.....l. «i jru,
30 S V Water . I*'-,
ICO \ igurlt Powder 3 37 "4
Afternoon Session.
Hoard—
30 Central I.isht & Power «M
20 Ol "•
' ■ ::::::::::::::::::V^
to Hutfhlnson Su«ar .. «7 00
30 Paauhau Sugar Co .....'.Y.'.Y.Y/.W.'.W Z- C)
10 Oceanic S S Co li)-'
33 a F Gas & Electric iCj!MMiI-"::KM " W
PRODUCERS* \jOU^ EXCHANGE.
_ Morning Session.
Board—
SOO Dominion M
100 Petroleum Center '■■'■'■'.'■'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'." -3
mmm _ Afternoon Session.
300 Dominion <0
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Hoard—
1W) Tidal Wav» •«
100 Tidal Wave .'.'.'!.'.'!.'.'! ?,0
2"O San Joaquln O. *D. Co .......... 06
573 Harker llnneh Oil Co " "1 15
400 Century Oil Co '" « M
TiV) Centurj- Oil Co .......
2W> Anacnn.la Oh Co ..,^**.**| C 3
1W Anaronda on I -,! .......I" 10
f0 Yukon Crude O|| Co .........'. .'."2 05
liO Yukon Crude Oil Co .. "s 10
100 Yukon Crude Oil Co .ii.'.'.t 13
Street—
100 Shamrock . .. .» 2 GO
Afternoon Session.
Board—
400 Tidal Wtn : 05
2'M Anaoonda Oil Co 1 r.i
I<V) Yukon Crude Oil Co ; 03
10 Yukon Crude Oil Co. h 90 ; 19
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the Pan Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornlnsr ••km.
1M Alpha Con W W) Mexican 4?
:"0 Holcher 30 50-1 Ophlr 97
M 0 nost & Belcher «'. 100 Oj.hlr »S
TOO Con Cal & Va..l 90 .WO Sierra Nevada. 57
100 Gould & Curry. 16 300 Union Con 2*
200 Mexican M <M Union Con ■
Afternoon Session.
V* Be!eher .... 3»| VA Gould & Curry. 17
?fO Best & Belcher 4S ICO Mexican SO
100 Host & Helcher 47. 200 Mexican l\
1«» «-a!ednnia «l 100 Occidental 1*
3M Con Cal A Vs. .1 5.'. 300 Ophlr 100
40.1 Con Cal & Va..l >- 100 Sierra Nevada^,S9
100 Gould I Curry. U Ml Yellow Jacket. 20
The following were the sales In th« Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Mornlnjr Session.
1200 Belcher V 12M Mexican M
f.no Belcher 31 200 Mexican 43
1600 Belcher 33 200 Mexican Bl
700 Best & Belcher 47 3^ •• hir 1 02*%
4r,0 Best .-. Belcher 4fi 300 Ophlr . 100
*no lVnt & Belcher 4". *"■" Ophlr M
3fK) Challenge Con. 23 1100 Ophlr 97
200 Con Cal*Va..l P2'i 2f'O Overman 1«
IKA Con Tnl & v.i I 93 !»»> Overman 17
7."0 Con Cal&Va..l 92' i 300 Potosl :■;
2.V) Con Cal & Va..l 90 200 S:erra N'erada. M
SOO Con Cal&Va..l 12' Sierra Nevada. f»
700 Crown Point... 2lt M 0 Sierra N.-vada. 37
COO Crown Point... 23 300 Silver mil... 05
800 Gould I Curry. 17 1100 Union Con a.
200 isould & Curry. IS TOO Yellow "Jacket. 17
COO Hale & N0r.... 4J 10C0 Carter's <; M C :o
Afternoon Sesslpn.
TOO Andes 13 COO r hir 9%
P3O Belcher 33 6TA Sierra Nevada, r.3
f.oo Belcher 32 900 Sierra Nevada. M
250 Caledonia 61 SOB Union Con M
fiOO Con Cal A Va..l !>o 700 Union Con 37
230 Con Cal &. Va..l S3 f/W ITnlon Con... 37',
200 Occidental 13; 600 Carter's G M C 20
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Dec. 6— « p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid.Ask.
Alpha 04 05 Kentuck 01 03
Alta (»( >> 07 Lady Wash.... — '-'.
Andes 13 15 Mexican 50 51
Belcher 31 12 Occidental ]» 19
Beat * Belcher 46 4S!Ophlr 100 105
Bullion 05 '•''.•' 'verman 17 IS
Caledonia €1 C Potoal 25 M
Choltar II 23' Savage 13 17
Challenge Con. 22 IS Scorpion 02 —
Confidence S.i RS'Seg Belcher.... C 5 M
Cnn Cal & V.i. .1 >i 1 35' Sierra Nevada. 53 «0
Con Imperial.. 01 02, Silver Hill 03 —
Crown Point... 22 -',>• Louis — hi
Exchequer — fQ Standard :75 —
Gould & Curry. 17 IS Hyundlcate .. — 08
Hale & N0r.... 33 40 Union Con 37 M I
Julia — (2 Utah C% 03
Justice OS '■.«' Yellow Jacket. 11 13
THK TAI.I. rAI.ENTVAR.
December. 153?
Su. Slo Tu. W>Tb. Ft. S«. -
"""7" 7T ~~~ ~~ ~~~~ ~~T" " "■ /fly New Moon,
1 t V*/ D«"cnnb«r S.
I 4 6 • T 8 • -TkFtrnt Quarter
— — W Dfwrab«r %.
10 11 ; 12 13 14 li 16
/C2\ >"nll Moon.
IT It llt JO 71 2? U C December If
E Z Z ZE i 3ft^»
Time Bail.
Brunch Hydrographlc Office, D ■ N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, lil
December fi. ISO 3.
Th- tlm«* ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. a., at noon m the 110 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CAMCINS.
Lieutenant Commander. V. S. N.. In charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Cciuit and Geodetic Survey - ■
Tin,.-* and Heights of limn and I*nw
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Sai: |
Frunoisco nay. Published by official au
thority of the :.i.-inient.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at j
the city front tMi.vslon-street wharf) about i
twenty-live minutes later than at Fort Potnt;
the height of tide is the same at both placer
THURSDAY. DECEMHER 7.
Bun rives 7:13
Hun sets 4:80
Munti sets 10:0b v. m.
D l • m. Tim? nine lime
1 Ft. Ft. - Ft. it
> ii W L, v ii \V i. m
7 ... 3:31 1.4 B:3S 2.S S:2l s.<| 9:'K< — 0.3
8 ... 4.1S &.& 9:4jJ :.i 3:31 4.9 10:(MJ 0/.'
3 ... &:W 5.61 11:<W; 1.9 4:4 i 4.5 J):57 W.T
10 ... SMS| 5. Sj 12:0jj 1.1 6:06 4.1 1I:«| 1.2
11 ... «:31 6.M l:fi 0.7 7:2< 4.!
L. W H W L, W ii W *
12 ... 0.33 —1.7 7:15 6.1 M£ 0.1 8:40—4.2
13 ... I:2S 2.2 7:S< t.4 Z.iS -0.5 9:461 4.3
NOTE— In th« above exposition of the tides
the. early morning tides nre given in the left
hand column and the successive tide* of the
day la the order •■: occurrence as to time. The
second time column Klves the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
nnd th» last Or right hand column elves the
lust tide of the day. except when there are but
threa tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
Slven are in addition to the soundings on the
United States Coust Survey charts, except
when a 'minus sign (— ) precedes the- height.
and then th« number given I* subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low water*.
AUCTION SALES
THIRD ANNUAL SALE
ft*
Ah THOROUGHBRED
4U YEARLINGS
(Without Reserve) From th«
NAPA STOCK FARM,
A. B. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
ConsWtlnc of th» nn<st looklnp and t>est brrij
»nn» an<l Uauehten of Eolo. CrlEhton. Gen.
Mile*. M:i!!um. Pnrycaf I) and The Judjte. out
<f ih- Uam« of iiamboulta. Canac*. ZJskj.
<'lia;xipion Kc^e. \Vat(>»a. PUalla. Aluminum.
• -.1.1.1-. I■. ■. -r.uv. Pumplno. Moana. Seven*.
Grotto. Alexl-. Zi::r .r l-l. Uttle T O. Tub«-
ro.ie. >\w ....;. etc. The crandest bred rac«
nuirrs In California ar»- rrprej"-nted In this,
the l.ir-j.- 1 salt* of yearltnt* ever held on th*
Pactric t'oatt. All are thoroughly broken but
pualtlveljr untrlt-il.
SAM: T.\KES PLACE
riIURSDAY KVKMXG DECEMBER Htb
At Mi. m Pavilion. Electric Lisht.
wCIDENTAL H'JKSfc eXCHANGE
Til HOWARD ST.. near Third.
Horses -' Exrhanjre Monday. Cataloruei
ready. wji «;. LAYNG. Proprietor.
U. W. COVKY will ofrk-tate as auctioneer.
i?»-ats reserved.
te* £a Jfe*
Eleven head of well broken
TROTTERS, ROADSTERS and
pairs of ROADSTERS, sired by
Silver Bow, i»:10**, bred and con-
signed by Ceo. Fox, 1 sq.. Clemen
Also three fine pair* of CARRIAGE HOHSE3
and 20 head of RAFT HOUSES, welghlr.c
from 14C0 to ISOO. consigned by various owners.
Horjes can b~ seen at salesyard. corner Van
Nesl aye. und Market St.
CHASE * MENDENHALL
(Successors to Kllllp A Co.).
Live Stock Auctioneer*.
Steamer Movements.
T<
■mer. *■ r
Point Arena ;Polnt Arena live.
I'rtscent Clty...;Cre»cent City |Dec.
l)v[ Norte [Crescent Oty |L»ec.
I'matllU Victoria * l*uget Sound, LXc.
t'oos Bay | Newport |Dec.
Pomona jHumboldl I >. j.
Kmplrw |Coos Hay I •■■ .
Homer (Coos Pay . ... [pec.
A nil Coos Itay l>»c.
A. r.:.vn fur. !...■■—■• Hay |Dee.
Orizaba [Vancouver Dec
Matteawan jTaroma Dec.
San Jose {Panama I >•■>••.
Aloha ITlllamook ; Dee.
Albion .|Tillamook (Uec. 1
LYron* |San Dlpko Dec. 1
BUM of Cal Portland Ivc. 1
Alliance lOreifon Port* iDec. !
America Maru.. 'China anil Japan {Dec. 1
Konlta Newport |Dec. 1
Pmitreso ITacoma .Dec. 1
Tellus fDepnrture Hay fD«c. 1
Queen Victoria *: i'uget Sound Dec. 1
Ncrth Fork jHumboldt Dec. 1
Santa Hosa rSan Dlcko Dec. 1
Columbia {Portland |D*c. I
T
■
7
■♦
i>
0
9
•»
1>
11
i:
IJ
1]
12
12
13
14
It
14
TO SAII,
bteamer. Destination. | Wmtm.
Walla Wall! Vic Put Sd. Dec. 7. I<> am Pier 9
Curacao ....(Mexico Dec. 7. 10 amjpler 11
Brunswick jllumboldt Dec. 7, W am, Pier M
Aberdeen ..iPortland Dec. J. 6pm
Santa Itosa £an Dlrgo [Dec. «. 11 iml'lrr U
Sun il.i«....'l'un.im.i |Dee. 8. 12 mPMS.S
CVxißle ItV;Grays Harbor, Dec. I, spm
Columbia .. I"' ril.ir.l {Dec. 9, li> am'l'ler 21
Pt. Arena..; Point Arena.. Dec. ». 2 pm. Pier 3
ivin Pedro.. SHumboMt Dec. 9, 4pm,Pler 2
North Kork Humboldt Dec. J. »am'PJ«r 3
Coos Bay... Nrwport Dec. 19. 9am;Plerll
Poionna .... Humboldt Dec. 10, 2 pmlPier 9
Hamoa HumN>ldt Dec. 10. 10 am Pl rr 3
Arcata )Coo» Bay Dec. 10. l»am Pier 13
Homer Oregon Ports. Dec. 10. n«m;PlerS>
UmatiUa IVlc& Ptrt Sd. D«c. 12. 10am[pler »
Corona jSan Diego D«e. \2. 11 am;Pler 11
Albion Tlllamoolc Dec. 12. 3 pm.Pler 3
Coptic Chlna& Jap .i D«c. 13. 1 pm PMS3
Australia ..jHonolulu | Dec. 13. W ami Pier 7
Ptate of Cal Portland 'Dec. 14. 19 am! PIT •*
Itonlta iNewport iDec. 14. JamlPlerlt
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Wednesdar. December •.
Stmr Columbia, Doran. 574 hour« from r. rt
lan 1. via Astoria 4.1*« hours.
Btmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. U hour- frora
San Dieco. etc.
Stmr Del Ncrte, Allen, 33 hour* from CM*>
cent City.
Stmr Coqullle River. Thoißpa«n, It hours
from Grays Harbor.
BUnt Geo Loomts. Brtdgett. S3 hours from
Ventura.
Mr «tmr Wellington, Salmon!. 14 hours from
Departure Hay.
lir stmr Glenocle. Hutcheon, Tl days from
Manila, via Nagasaki 1) days.
Ship C r I »-nt. Haskell, 11 days from
Comox.
Vlkinr. Petersen, ttM dayi from Oraya
Harbor.
Levl O Burgess. Tounnren, 14 daya
Tacotna.
■ear Wir. Renton. Johnson, 14 days from Ta-
CLEARED.
Wednesday. DeeemStr «
Stmr Wall* Walla. G io\ Vi'jarla and Port
Townsend: Ooodall. Perkins I \o.
Stmr Jeanle. Masnn. Nanaimo and Vancou*
ver: Ooo<Jall. Perkins A Co.
Wh.iltns; bark Chaa W Morran. Scullen.
wluiiiriif; J & W R Wine.
Whaltnir bark California. Smith, whallas:
Wm Lewis.
SAILED.
Wednesday. December I.
Stmr Centennial. Eagle*. Manila and Hon»
lulu.
S:mr South Portland. Halt. Eureka.
Stmr li •■mm. Nlcolson. San l'e<lro.
Btmi Sequoia. Timing, Fort Hri.cs.
Stmr (Moon. HIITStIM, .
Htmr Willamette. Hanson. Seattle.
I' S strur Sheridan. Grant. Manila, via Hi->
lulu.
Hr stmr Bristol. M'-Intyro. Nanalmo.
Schr Mary C. Martsen. Fort U. .•».
Shr Monterey. Knudnon. — .
Bchr Newark. Hck. Albion.
RSTURNCD.
S'mr liOiruna. KrirKnon, h'nce Pec 4. on •«•
rnunt of breaking aba 1 1 Nov 5 at 5.39 am. off
MKh Kock
Schr Kellance. Fklpper. henre Nov 17. for
Fish Rook, on account ■ f rarryln^ away cen
ter-board Nov ZZ. fiff Point Arena.
'. ' • : :g d!t-
TKL.I
m-Wfathrr
hazy, wind i
•
No date. lat 36 N. lon 2i W— Hr »hip Dattl*
Abbey, frr-m Hamburg, for Seattle.
Oct SO. lat 7 S. lon J3 XV— Hr ship Datgon.ir.
friTi Tncom.T for Queenstown.
Xnv C. lat s N. lon 24 W-Br bark Inver
cly«le. from Hamburg fi>r. T*ci>ma.
I>fv 3. no position -Hr ship lx>udon Rill, hnc
Auk I. 1 . for yueeni«town.
Nov 19. lat <% 02 N". lon KS W— Bark Coluna.
from Kahulut fur l>eparture Bay. with sora*
-.ii! • -.-•ing.
MEMORANDUM.
IVr ship C V Sarsent— rvc I. durlns; ... -.
SB rale, carried ■m ay crossjack yard and blew
•way several sails.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS RAY— liar bound Dec »-Stmrs Km
plr<>. Arcata and Homer, for San Franclxco
I'ORT TOWNSENI>-Arrlved Dec «— Mr baric
Ravenscourt. from Panama; Chll bark Suli
t••!•:• i. from Iqulnue.
Sailed Pec fr-Schr Endeavor, for San redrw
»!EATTI^>-Arrlved Dec s— Stmr Dor». fro'ta
Alaska.
TACOMA— Arrived Drc 3— Schr O M K»llr>cc
fruin Honolulu. Dec 4— Itktn Mary Wlnketl
man. from Kahulul: bark Near, from llono>
lulu I '••• S— S:mr Queen, henoe D>c J.
Sall«l Dec t-Hr ship Drumlanrlg. for I.lver
pool: Mr ship Clan Macphersnn. for Cape Town
itmr Mattcawan. for San Francisco
ORATB HAUnOR-Sailed Dec *-Stmr Grace
Dollar, fcr Santa Ilarbeni.
TIM^AaiOOK-Arrlve-1 Dec 4— Rear Sacra
mTito. hence Nov 17.
ELTltF.KA— Arrived Detf »-Stmr Pomona.
honce D»-c 5. *
Hailed I>cc *-Stmrs North Fork and I,uel!a
for San Kram-isro. ' '
SAN PEDRO-Saltrd Dec (-9tmr Alcazar
for San Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived Dec «— Stmr Cenr*« X?
Elder, hence Dec 4; stmr State of California
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Dec (— Stmr San Pedro.
fur San Francisco. *
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— ArrivaI Dec S-rir stmr Mon
mouthabirr. from Oregon. Dec «— IJr stmr r>nr
lc. hence Nov 17. «-^r-
FL.EETWOOD— Arrived Dec 6— Br shin Af n «
Alaw. hence July VS. nip Afcn
KIVERl«OOlr-Arrlved Dec S-Br ship Bler-i
Nevada, hence June 7. v "^
SYDNEY - Arrived prior to Dec S-B*rk
Haydn llrown. from Eureka. «*r*
FM.'SHINO— Anchtftrd In roads Dec 4— n f
shli> Balmoral, from Antwerp, for San Fr»n«
NAGASAKI-Salled Dec *-Br .tmr Tartar
for San Francisco. **"•'•
Continued on Page 11.THEY MAY YET
APPOINT MORE
SCHOOL MARMS
— «—« —
Directors Still Plot a
Clean-Up.
ORIGINAL PLAN TO BE WORKED
BERGEROT SAID TO HAVE MADE
A BAD MISTAKE.
School Director Kemp and those other
sncmlxrs of the Hoard of Education who.
at the last meeting, "stood in" with him
••» rescind certain rules In order to make
room for more t< achcrs in the department,
have r.ot given up hope for the success of
liiiir plan, notwithstanding that they
were thrown down by President Bergerot.
They claim that Bergcrot overlooked one
Important point In parliamentary law
whi n, in his eagerness to make capital
with Major Phelan and a grandstand play
to the gallery, he ruled Kemp's resolution
out of order. Instead of being out of or
der Kemp's resolution was regular and he
and his cohorts intend to insist upon its
<*on£idcraiio:i at the next regular nieet-
Jng. Despite the fact that they have lost
Jtirgt rot's vote they claim to huve enough
io curry their game through, with the
votes of two members of the so-called
dub Five, whott names they refuse to
divulge.
Although they are confident that they
wjll work their game through Kemp and
his crowd are well-nigh desperate. They
have several times i>laumd tor an end-ot
the-year clean-up, but each time their
.-oh*mes have been balked and they now
have but a month to put things through.
In addition to Kemp's original plan they
have another which is said to have been
pointed out to them by Superintendent
Webster. Ah was stated in The Call a
r hort time ugo Webster Intends to appoint
W. D. Klngsbury. Clarence Walker and
• 'harles G. Murphy as his deputies under
the charter. All of these men are en
}>loycd In the School Department at the
present time- and will be itgularly ap
pointed by Webster at tho tirst of the
year, leaving their positions to be filled by
the Incoming Hoard of Education. Kemp
and his crowd are now li^urlng on an
ticipating Sui>erintendent Webster's ac
tion by withdrawing the thr<e depulles-to
be from the department and putting them
«>n the unasslgned list to wait Webster's
action. In th:s way they would bo able
to appoint their successors in the depart
ment and .....;•_• the credit of having
placed three fat salaries.
Another possibility Kemp and the crowd
are figuring on is that J. B. Clark, now a
frachtr of math*matlcs in the Polytechnic
litph School, will be appcinted on the
«'l\il Sen ice Commission. Clark has a
Strong petition before the Mayor, and If
he gets the job tho push will at once put
him on tho unassign<-d list with Kings
bury and the rest and hand his Job in the
department out to tome one or other of
their deserving favorites.
Klngsbury's appointment to a deputy
*hip Is being questioned by many mem
|rf-r«* of the department and oy those post
al In school affairs. The charter provides
that Superintendent Webster's appointees
shall have had at least five years of suc
<<»-s-ful service In the School Department.
t->ut it Is known that charges of inccm
petency have hern twice preferred against
Ktngsborjr within the last five years—
once by Albert Lyser, principal of the
.l"hn Swctt Grammar School, and a eee
• 'T.d time by Mrs. Manning of the Everett.
His eligibility to ofilce is questioned bo
cause of this fact, and it Is possible that
because of it "the push" may lose one of
the fat places they confidently expect to
pull out before the end of the year. Unless
publicity Fends the pang to cover they will
cork their complicated scheme through
:it the next meeting of the board.
SALE OF SAUSAGES
GREATLY DECREASED
SAD ADMISSION OF A MANU-
IACTUKER IN COURT.
Haag Convicted and Charles
ter and Louis Laubscher
Fined by Judge Conlan.
The last of the Fausago manufacturers
fcrrostcd for using horseflesh instead of
bed in their products was on trial before
Judge Conlan yesterday, and he sadly told
the Judge that frlz:ce tho exposure in the
}■!<£» the raJe of bolognas and frankfur
ters had materially de-creased.
The defendant wa* Charles Haag. eau
»agc manufacturer, 114 Valencia .street,
and he was re-presented by Attorney
I'lr.kelsplel. who made some motions for
ii dismissal on the same grounds us his
j redecessors, but they were denied.
Dr*. O'Kourke and Bothe of the Board
ft Health testified to the fact of horse-
I'.CKh t-elng found in the sausages taken
from Haas's factory, which was Indubita
bly proved by a. chemical analysis.
The defendant took the stand and de
r.led positively that any horseflesh had
«Acr been used in his factory. He knew
the difference between horseflesh and
l«ef, ss he had been In the habit of feed
ing his hogs with horseflesh In San Luis
Obispo. He admitted he had made large
pales of pausages in this city, but in an
fwr to the question if he Etlll did *o h^>
hadlv replied "Not now," which raised a
laufrn Jn court.
Two of his employes ■ -re callM and
they testified th<>y had never seen horse
llefh on the premise*.
Tho Judge wild he preferred to accept
the testimony of the officers of the Board
<f Health, as they were dislnteropted p«»r
f-ons. and he would find the defendant
pullty. Sentence was reserved till Satur
day at the request of the defendant's at
torney.
<'h»rle* Wncntrr. pau?air« manufacturer
U7 Third ureit. und hi* brother-in-law*
Ix'Ulr LaubschT. proprietor of a dellca
u-fsen Mnro at ICI Ninth Mroot. who were
convicted Monday: npp* and for sentence
yofierday. Th<* Judge after denying a
motion for a new trial and nrrcyt of Judg
ment fined each of tho defendants $.'io
with the alternative of fifty day* In th«»
founty J«11. Their attorney intimated
ihat the cape would bo appealed.
■ ♦ ■
CONTINENTAL LEAGUE
OPPOSES THE PANHANDLE
A Strongly Worded Resolution De
nouncing the Proposed Park
Extension.
At a meeting of tho Contln*ntaJ League
latit night at Saratoga Hall, 814 Geary
Mrcrt. the members discussed the pan
handle propi-ifltlon In nil Its phases and
by producing facts and figures from the
Assessor's books maJe a plum-ing to the
rfTect that the property. r«al and Its Im
r>rovcmentn, were valued at Jl.&>X>.oort. As
suming that the real market value would
».<• U;~^.' v '> the appraised valuation hits
twm sft down at s<>m, thine like J4 nOftoou
Thr- following resolution wag adopted":
Whrwa*. The quf'i.on an to whether the
l^xpajorß of Pnn Fr»nc|»ro are to be forred
to **i<ume th* rerr«>n*!bUlty for iJie construe
ttrm of ft $;.OK).000 to f10.1W0.000 driveway to the
Onld«-n Gate Park for the benefit of ml!ltcn.iir*a
If to he derided at the polls on the 27th ln*t
•j1 I «'iv>fore l>* tt
ttOMIVKd, That tnaicnurh a- the taxpayer* of
Ulla «-lt >• are expected to provide for the ex
;«r,dtture «if several millions of dollars for * I
IhQftMttl fwrr fyrtem, for the rer-nnstructlnr I
<f tie ;■.!..■■ school l.ulMM.f of the rlty f,,r I
tlie rn-rtion r.f a puitnble <"lty and County Ho*-
J'ltnl nnil Mveritl other nettled Improvf-Ripntu I
ye r«i, n ,,, i, u x f t-.-ir-i the promoter! of th!« !
I>»»ihar.«lle scheme ax f^ufillc rnemles whoaa
»'•!•• *lin I* to unload lartr* hloclc^ of rriu estate '
an the taxpayers of the city at flcurrs fr^m !
t« to m t-r cent hlcher than the ruid rr-nrrtv i
«-ould J-rinc >n opra market, and 5-i \l™*,
tn t».» ta« : .«>,rf .if thin city to turn out on '
UM day of the election and squelch this mo«t
Having disposed of the park panhandle
tho executive committee, to which was
delegated the duty of preparing rrsolu
tlnns In memory of tho late H \ ■ \. !
I)emlnK. who was a member of the leacue' !
presented Its report, which was ordered '
Spread <m the minutes and a cony «ent
to th«- memlxTS of the deceased's family '
In view of the approaching nationai I
campaign In I** the leasrue discussed the
advisability of securing more central
headquarters downtown. The matter was
referred to the executive committee with
power to act.
— — » ♦ ■
MYSTERIOUS PERKIER DEAD.
The Police Think That His Injuries
Resulted From a Fall.
The death of John Terrier at the City
and County Hospital last night without
Ills having regained consciousness leaves
the mystery of tho man's Identity and
also the real cause of his death In the
same condition as It was when ho entered
St. Mary's Hospital. Terrier la the man
who was .with a fracture of the
skull on November 23. when hff was ad
mitted to St. Mary's Hospital for treat
ment and afterward removed t.i the City
ami County Hospital, where ho .lie.) At
th«j timo of his admission to St. .Miry a
Hospital he plated that ho was a sheep
herder and that he had been pet upon by
highwaymen and robbed. This statement
he afterward contradicted somewhat and
said that he was from Fresno, where he
had a wife residing.
Inquiry at th«* latter place failed to ver
ify this statement, and the Police Depart
ment was put on the case, with the par
tial result that Detectives Crockett and
Cody came to the conclusion that the In
juries to his head were produced by a fall
while the man was under the Influence of
liquor. A diagnosis of his Injuries by the
physicians at the County Hospital bore
out this conclusion. Now that the man is
dead nothing further can be ascertained
In this direction, and It is doubtful
whether any further light will be ':. .1 on
the man's identity or the real cause of his
injuries.
■ ♦ ■
BECAUSE OF ILLNESS
HE HANGED HIMSELF
Heni ■■ in residing at
-vi. ill.
- ■ ■ ■ ■ •
■
\ . -
h.-r return
l her husband fr..m
1 . in which >< \ eral
• ■.i and r>»
.
. child
■
MADE HEX BOW
TO SOCIETY
Music, calcium lights, rare blossoms and
a wealth of palms and cool green ferns
were among the many delightful aeces
' sorles that made the debut ball of Miss
! Azalea Keyes at Native Sons' Hall last
1 evening an event that will be handed
j down in the social history of the State.
Native Sons' Hall has been the scene of
many a noted social gathering, but
never before did it put on po artistic a
dress to do honor to a festive occasion.
. Dainty coloring.*, pale pink, tender green
, and snowy white wore blended harmo
niously in the decorations of the hall. Tho
plain, bare walls, were hidden behind a
rcreening of delicate green bunting, stud
ded with silver stars. The stage, banked
with palms and ferns, resembled a tntnia
. ture forest, while in the balconies th«;
i tropical effect was enhanced by many
growing orange trees, laden with the
: golden fruit. From the center of the ceil
i ing pink and white streamers radiated to
; the oalcony rails and at irregular Inter
' vals umbrellas fashioned of holiday greens
i and lanterns tilled with ferns were hung.
! The whole scene was heightened by the
; electrical effects and the multi-colored
i calcium lights which shed their brilliant
i rays upon the merry dancing throng.
At 'J o'clock the guests, 4VU in number,
i began to arrive. The fair young debut-
I ante greeted them, in which pleasant duty
duty she was assisted by Mrs Alexander)
D. K. yen, formerly Miss Kate Salisbury.
At midnight an elaborate supper was <
; Fcrved, alter which dancing v..is again
resumed and continued till early morning.
The debutante in whose honor the elab- .
orate affair was given is the only daugh
ter of Wlnfleld Scott Keyes. She is tall.
svelte and a beauty — one that will attract
quite as much by her intellect and wit as
by the regularity of her features and her
aristocratic bearing. Miss Keyes wore a
very hand.«om<* guwn of w;hite satin,
shrouded in white tulle and trimmed with ;
npple blossoms. Mrs. Keyes. who ap- '
pea red for the first time in her role of
matron and chaperone. wore her wedding ;
gown of heavy white satin, trimmea with ',
Old lace and trailing grasses. Diamonds j
glistened in the corsage of her gown and
In her dark hair.
Last evening's entertainment is but the
first of a number of elegant affairs Mr. !
Keyes will give in honor of his daughter, j
CLERGYMAN AND WIFE
SHOT BY A BURGLAR
RACINE, Wls.. Dor. C— Rev. David B.
Cheney of the First Baptist Church and
his wife were shot by a burglar at Vi
o'clock to-day at their home on Lake ave
nue. Mrs. Cheney was shot in the breast.
The ball g'.ar.ced downward and is be
lieved to to have lodged in her left lung.
Mr. Cheney was shot In the abdomen ar.d
In the cer.tcr of the breast. Both are in a
critical condition.
The burglar escaped. A large posse of
police oflkers and private citizens are
searching the country for him. The ciiy
is all excitement. If he Is caught It is
believed ti;« law will be powerless to pre
vent his being lynched.
Rev. David B. Cheney is one of the best
known Baptist preachers in the State. He
has occupied jiulpits at La Cros6o and
Superior ar.u for several years was preti
aent of tho American Protective Associa
tion of th»? State. A reward of %3j>_> is of
fered for the capture of the burglar deud
or alive.
At a late hour to-night physicians re
ported that the Re,v. Mr. Cheney and wife
would recover.
PRESIDENT SUBMITS A
LIST OF NOMINEES
WASHINGTON. Dec. 6.— The President
to-day sent the following nominations to
tho Senate: ; >» v
State— lloaton W. Harris of Ohio, to bo
Consul at Mannheim, Germany.
War— Brigadier General Leonard Wood.
U. 8. V., to be xnajur general of volun
teers.
Colonels to be briga/lier generals— Edgar
11. Kellogg. Sixth U. S. I.; Gilberts. Car
j»nur. Kighteenth l\ B. I.; William 1.
JVm l^,?'- I "^''' 11 ™ 1 U s - v-=v -= j - Franklin
Bell, Thirty-sixth U. S. V.
In addition to the new army and con
sular appointment* font to the Senate to
day there wen- also a largo number of
those made during th- recess tiled.
Among the more important were those of
Klihu Root of New York, to be Secretary
of War; Joseph W. Fifor of Illinois, to be
Interstate Commerce CommiEFloncr: Bel
lamy Storrer of Ohio, to be Minister to
Spain; l^awrcnce Townsend of Pennsyl
vania, to be Minister to Belgium- .!. N.
In ?' ln ™?. f ii. lowa f. l ° l * Mlnlp^r to Portu
gal; William F. Lord of Oregon, to be
MlnlFtcr to the Argentine Republic: A, S.
Hardy of Sew Hampshire, to be Minister
to Greece. Roumanla and rvia
The Senate spent half an hour In execu
tive session to-day, but beyond the very
prompt confirmation of Secretary Root's
nomination and the reference to commit
tee of other nominations transacted no
business.
WEDDED AT DEL MONTE.
MONTEREY. Dee. 6.-One of the most
notable weddings of the year at thin place
was solemnized at the. homo of Mr. and
Mrs. Charles Morton In Del Monte Grove
this morning, the principals being Miss
Martha AUport, a sister of Mrs. Morton
and a social favorite hereabouts and
Councilman Frank Merry of this cltv
The handsom« home of Mr. Morton whs
ma<lo especially beautiful with <iuantlties
of flowers and potted plants, and a largo
number of gu»-Ms were present to wit
ness the ceremony and partake of the
elaborate wedding breakfast that fol
lowed.
Promptly at 10 o'clock the bridegroom
and bride and their attendant*. H. Fried
man of San Francisco and Miss Ada Mor
ton of Pacific Grove, entered the parlor.
where Rev. Dr. Samuel Conn pastor of
the First Presbyterian Church of this
city, performed the marriage service. The
bride wore an rlr-gant traveling sown of
blue with hat en ralte, and the maid of
honor was attired In pray. Mr. and Mr.-.
Kerry took the 11:50 train for San Fran
clsco, whence they will go to Southern
California for an extended trip.
licsldes being a prominent member of
the Hoard of City Trustees of Monterey.
Mr. Merry has for many yean had charge
of the Interests of the Southern Pacific
Company In this city.
THE SAN 1 KAS CISCO CALL, TIIIKSDAY, DECEMBER 7. IS 9.
SUPERVISORS
ISSUE CULL FOR
BOND ELECTIONS
Gas Contracts Again
Postponed.
QUIET MEETING OF THE BOARD
♦
LEASE OF THE HARBOR POLICE
STATION RENEWED.
♦
The Supervisors at their meeting yes
terday afternoon adopted resolutions, pre
pared by the City Attorney and presented
by Supervisor Byington, ordering the
Election Commissioners to call two spe
cial elections for bond purposes on De
cember 27 and 29. Byington explained the
purport of the resolutions, arid they were
favorably acted upon without the formal
ity of being read.
An ordinance regulating the electric
wiring <f building! and U
tririu wm- pn -• r ; t . .1 by Su(>< rvisnr Heycr
and r. ferred t" tin Fire Department Com
mltt< • .
Bids for carpeting the floors of the Hall
of Justice building were opened and re
ferred to tho proper committee.
The City Attorney was instructed to
file a disclaimer fn the suit of tho people
••f San PranclSCO against Daniel < 'alia
»;l:;tn. provided no expense Is entailed on
the city. This action involves the title
to what is generally known as the Mis
sion Plaza property, an irregular piece of
land I) Inn between Mission and West
Mission streets. The City Attorney stated
that it would be a waste of city money
to prosecute the case further.
The matter of the resolutions covering
gas contracts went over for one week to
hear a report from Mayor Pbelan, who
was not present at yesterday's meeting
mi account •■! hi.- mother's Illness.
T • bid for tile floors in the Mall of
.JiiMi.. building was award, d to W. W.
ftfontai ■ pi intin^ of :
of the charter waa awarded to thi
■
W M. Hinton Jr . who hns the contract
lishhif; the Municipal Reports for
■ i;.-t. <l to Include all \<> r
■ edlng
I ii the volume devoted to the As-
Bu| • ilins presented a resolu
g the y\u000d->r to pay John
A M G( IZ7O from the urgent in-. • ■ I
fund for Bcrvleea > menaenger t.> th.'
.lust:.-.- <!..k .luriiiL.- October, N
• :■• ■ mi- ! . Th( resolution w.is
• .1.
An order was passed to srint amend
ing the ordinance prohibiting the driving
:: a street
ifying the outer rai!. The
-.a driving on the In-
Th< ice of certain
work. Including that on Hurhanan B1
between Filbert and Union; <'!ay -
, Oak
1!• :,ry Btreei
• 'lay: | Hayes t.. \~.\\. was ;
■•\ • r ;he M I n recomrn
of the Str< It devel
< !■• ■! thai li--- < ;'.v.- on 3!ii> banan -
on account of whiel r bad \.
:.on. had I | . .1 tv
rion.
!h and Police* Committee was
new the lease f <( the Har-
Btatlon on Sacramento street.
The resolution providing that calcium
carbide be stored In the district bounded
by Kentucky street, San Bruno road, Is
lais Creek and the waters of the bay v. li
passed to print.
The District Council of the Carpenters
and Joiners of America met last night at
K. R. B. Hall, 1123 Mission street. Reso
lutions were adopted favoring the issu
ing of bonds for schools and sewers and
th« panhandle.
About sixty ladles met at Sunnysldo
Hall last night and formed the Sunny
side Ladles' Club. Resolutions favoring
the bond issue were adopted and arrange
ment" were completed for the reception
of Mayor Phelan. who has promised to
address the club on the 14th lust.
PETITIONg XK'KIVEI).
Th* following; petitions were received and
referred to th» proper committees:
California Paving Company, for an extension
of ninety days' tlm« on contracts for sewering,
grading and macadamizing Sanchez street, be
tween Twentieth and Liberty, and the crossing
of Liberty an l Sanchez streets; James
Krhwartt. for permission to extend two bay
windows two and one-half feet over the side
walk at the southwest corner of I" i ■]>■ and
Franklin t-treets; Charles H. Krkln, for i«r
mlsslon to erect an office building two by six
feet on the .dewalk on the east aide of First
street, seventy-five feet north of Mission; J. 1..
Moody, for permission to repair the plank aide
walk In front of his property on Harrison
street, between Fourth and Fifth streets; But
man Brothers, for an extension of sixty daya on
IS NOW A FOOTBALL
MISSIONARY IN CHINA
OAKLAND, l»ec. — Roscoe A Goodceli. a State University graduate
of the class of '59. who went to Shanghai, China as an educational
missionary, has, aside from his success as teacher In an English
school there, acquired the novel rule of football missionary as well.
In a letter Just received hero from Mr. Goodcell he tells of his expe
rience In introducing "the pigskin game among the plg-talled Celestials."
Goodcell, In company with the well-known Lyman of Stanford '96, visited the
Nan I m University and was cordially welcomed by Professor Ferguson.
"While there, Mr. Goodcell writes, he initiated some of the Chinese students
Into playing American primes.
"Lyman and 1 lined them up. 11 writes Goodcell. "and fairly started what
promised to be a good game of football for novices, when suddenly some
liny spectators pitched Into the game. Tho Chinese would kick as lively as
possible, but they would never pass the ball. They throw a ball Just like a
girl, and after an hour's practice they managed to catch about one out of
five throws, the rest landing on their stomachs."
Mr. QoodceU says, however, that the Chinese "went perfectly wild over
the beanbag game."
Incidentally the young missionary writes that, owing to the large num
ber of British subjects residing In China. England appears to hare Chinese
sympathy in the Transvaal war. lie declares, too, that the opinion pre
vails there that the scheme of China's division will be accomplished, but that
Shanghai will bo simply a spectator to this division and will not bo dis
turbed. Mr. Ooodoall was lately elected chaplain of the Masonic lodge at
Shanghai. He is a son of Hoscoe Goodcell, the well-known local attorney.
contract for erection of Hall of Justice; Daniel
O'Day for permission to grade by private con
tract ' Eighteenth street, between Utah street
and r'otrero avenue; Herbert Estate Company,
for permission to construct' fire escapes on the
bulldlnif on th* west aide of Mason street, fifty
feet north of Turk; property owners, for the
jrmdlnft maeadamltlnir, etc.. of N etreet. be
twetn Ninth and Thirteenth avenues; American
Cream Tartar Company, for permission to la>
• spur track (three rails) from the Helt Itn.ll
road ali-tiR North Point street to Its premises
on DuDont and North Point streets; treasurer
of the Franklin Street Presbyterian church, for
the removal of a street lamp from th« north
east corner of Vallejn and Franklin streets to
the front of the church on the southwest corner
of those street*: property owners, for the plac
ing of a street lamp on Dodge street, off Turk.
between I^arktn and Hayes, also for the restor
ation cf the lamp discontinued at the corner of
Turk and Podge streets or placing the same,
toward the center of Dodge street.
TK< iTKSTS RBCETVBD.
The. following protests were referred to the
proper commit teen:
C'ltlfn*. BRalnFt permlttlnc the Rqultiihlo
Can 1-tKht Company to deposit coal tar In the
waters of the bay: property owners, ana!r.»t the
t.avifc. etc., of Church Ftreet. between Twen
ty-ninth and Day utreets; citizens, against the
final passage of the onler which demands the
placing of brick and terra cotta flues for (as
grates; property owners, appealing from the
assessment for the cost of contracting a sewer
In the Intersection of Joost and Circular ave
nues and Diamond street.
RESOLUTIONS OF INTENTION.
Resolutions declaring Intention to order the
performance of the following street work were
adopted:
Turk street, letween naker and I.y.in. to be
graded ond eight-Inch Mw«r constructed
therein with manhole and cover; California
Ftreet. between Nineteenth and Twentieth ave
nues, to be graded, redwood curbs constructed
and roadway thereof to be macadamlied
STREET WORK RECOMMENDED.
The Superintendent of Streets recommended
that the following street work be pnsned to ics
olution, ordering:
That the roadway of Union street, from a
point on the southerly line of Union street 130 I
feet westerly from Franklin street, and run
ning thenre westerly for 144:1 feet, tie paved
with bitumen; that the roadway of D«-hon
streeet. to the center line thereof, commencing
at appoint on the westerly line of mid street
ICS feet northerly from Seventeenth street and
running thence northerly along the westerly
lino of Dehon street 136 feet, be paved with
bitumen.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
ANOTHER VICTIM AT OAKLAND'S DEATH CURVE.
Scene of the Accident
OAKLAND, Dec * Death curve at West Oakland claimed another victim
shortly aft^r noontime to-day, when Mrs. Mary Bousa, a woman 53
>..ir.- ..f po. wns killed »>y tbe Berkeley local train.
- Nlr - B • '! .'t ÜB> Division Street, which la ;i.-rnss df-ath curve.
She was returning from market when she met her death, and had her mar
with groceries on her arm. With her wus her daughter Jo
Bephlne, and had the wnrnlng of the daughter been u.U- n the old woman
would not* have !>«•.■!! killed.
•i outward bound was pai-sln* when Mrs. Sousa reached the
ites that bar the w:i> aCTOtt the t r •. k mtu D a trnln is pass-
Ing wen- down, but the Old woman «as impatient. It w»- fifteen minutes
after noontime and dinner must be ready for the family. She was already a
little late and was anxious to recch her home quickly. Hefore the freight
train had f . • ■ ire the gates had been raised she cruwled un
- rtns and stood by the track waiting for the freight to pass. She
was warned by her daughter to wait, »>ut she was too anxious to reach home.
The moment the freight train hid passed fche rushed across the track
and waa caught by the Berkeley local train, which was headed for the pier.
The l.ufTir at the side of the pilot struck her. killing her Instantly and whlrl
under the cars. Death was instantaneous.
Bh< usband, Charles Bousa, who Is employed at the Judson Iron
Works-, and four children.
SAYS SHE LOST $20,000
FROM HER COAT LINING
OAKLAND. I>r<\ 6.-Allce McMurray,
also known as Leonard, reported to tho
Police to-day that she had lost her coat.
in tho lining of which were concealed
bills to the amount of $20,000.
According to the woman's statement,
she came to Oakland this afternoon from
San Francisco to visit come friends, and
was accompanied by her colored maid.
Her coat, she claimed, was stolen from
her by the maid, who disappeared and
could not be found. An ofttcer was de
tailed on the case, and after a search
found the woman's coat in a saloon al
Seventh and Washington streets, but the
seen ted Mil* were not in evidence.
Tho woman showed signs of an overin
dulgence In liquor and she was locked up
On a charge of drunk. While in the cell
she stabbed herself several times with a
hatpin. The hatpin was taken fr-m her.
but as soon as the cell d""r was closed
she attempted to commit sulcido by bit
ing her wrist, trying to sever an artery,
and Mic eedeo In tearing a large piece of
;:• -h from her wrist before she could be
stopped. A strict watch was then placed
on ner.
The woman says that she recently ar
rlvod from the Klondike, where she made
a fortune of $s<U«.in. and met Frank How
ard of Oakland, whom she was visiting
yesterday.
The police discredit the loss of the
money, though when searched at the
prison a considerable amount was found
on the woman's person.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
W. A. Velth and A. Q Elsen, two vlne
yardlsts of Fresno, are at the Grand.
Frank Barrett, the Palo Alto banker
and capitalist, is a guest at the Lick.
< ' II McHenry, a prominent land owner
Of Modesto, Is at the Occidental with his
wif.
Judge O. F. Buck has come down from
his home in Stockton and la staying at
the Lick.
William Shaw and J. H. Batcher, two of
BttcraOMnto'a leading business men, are
at the Lick.
A. B. Stanley Macquesten, a traveler
from GlaJffOW, Scotland, arrived last
night ut the Palace.
Charles Teague. a wealthy land owner
and oil man of Fresno, Is registered for
a short stay at the Grand.
E. Maxwell, a fortunate speculator In
the oil lands of Fresno, is among the ar
rivals of yesterday at the Lick.
J. A Oilman. ■ wealthy bußine** m an
and planter of Honolulu, is at the Occi
dental, accompanied by his wife.
W. W. Bedford, a leading merchant of
Anderson. Is at the Grand while making
a short business (rip to thin city. *
tUn W. A. Brewer has come up from
Pan Ifateo and Is at the Palace. Mrs
Brewer accompanies her husband.
E. S. Churchill. ■ wealthy banker of
N;il>n. la regtetarad at the Palace, where
he arrived yesterday, accompanied by his
wife.
Mr. and Mrs. T^e L. Gray, two promi
nent society people of Portland, Or.. ar»
registered at the Occideuuu while on a
short vlalt to thia city.
NO DISSENSION IN
THE TOWN AND GOWN
Berkeley's Exclusive Club Loyal to
the Wife of the University's
President.
BERKELEY. Dec. 6.— A canard circu
lated here to-day regarding Berkeley's
exclusive and prosperous Town and Gown
Club has created more amusement than
Indignation. The club some time ago con
sidered means of suitably honoring Itself
and the new official head or Berkeley so
ciety, Mrs. Benjamin Ide Wheeler, by of
fering her some special status in Its mem
bership. It was concluded, however, that
as an honorary member Mrs. Wheeler
would not have that Intimate relation to
the organization that Its members hoped
she would feel willing to sustain, and
hence she was voted In as an active mem
ber by special election and at once wrote
a gracious letter of acceptance.
It is thus absurd ns well us untrue that
Mrs. Wheeler could have been "black
balled" at the recent election of members.
Moreover, the story that only ladies re
hiding above Dana street were chosen is
false, and aa to the number rejected only
the members of the secret admission com
mittee know who were considered besides
the nucceusful applicants.
Mrae. I'aget. founder of the club, said
to-night: "It is shameful that such an
attack should gain circulation as that
printed by an afternoon paper. It Is false
from beginning to end. I am only grieved
for Mrs. Wheeler, but it will not trouble
her. She is above it. As for the Town
and Gown. Club, it is and has from th«
first been united and never more co than
now. The story Is absurd."
» ♦ ■
VICTIM OF TYPHOID
CONTRACTED AT NOME
OAKLAND. Dec. 6.— George Patterson
died at his home, 659 Sycamore street,
this morning, a victim of typhoid revtr,
which he is believed to have con
iracted at Cape Nome. He was a well
known mining man, a nativo of Nova
Scotia, aged 66 years, and came to this
coast thirty-four years ago, first engaging
In mining in Sierra County. He owned an
interest In the Bald Mountain mine and
other rich properties. When the Klondike
excitement broke out ho visited the new
gold ti< ids. leaving In April of last year
and remaining until last summer. There
he took up Borne rich claims left in charge
of Judge J. H. Fairchild of this city.
Deceased was a prominent Mai,on and
Knight Templar, as well as an C.ld Fel
low. He leaves a widow, one son. Herbert
F. Patterson, librarian of the County Law
Library, and a daughter, Miss Clara Pat
terson.
About 2WW suicides are annually regis
tered in Russia.
"It Beats the Dutch."
"" --^ Fully as soluble, concentrated and palatable as the finest Im-
ported Dutch Cocoas— and having the additional advantage
of FRESHNESS. Costs a trifle over half as much ; S-lb., 30c;
1 lb., 60c Your grocer should have It.
Made here — by the manufacturers of
GHIRARDELLI'S BREAKFAST COCOA.
L— I L
OAKLAND POST
OFFICE SITE IS
FINALLY CHOSEN
The Stevens Property
Is Selected.
Oakland Offlre San FYar.risro ("all,
908 Uroadwav, !>.•• •
The ulte for the new Oakland postottlce
has been selected by the Treasury Depart
ment and the erection of the building will
bejrln at once. Tcleßrams were received
In Oakland to-day from Congressman Vic
tor H. Metcalf and Senator Georcc -•
Perkins rtatlng that the Stevens property
on the southeast corner of Broadway a:nl
Seventeenth street had been selected aui>-
Ject only to the delivery of a perfect title.
This property la ISO feet on Ilroadwp.y
by 150 feet on Seventeenth street nnd is
at present vacant. It belongs to the Ste
vens estate, the heirs being Mrs. A. D.
Wilson and Mr«. 11. D. L«throp, the
widow Of the Rev. H. D. Lathrop. The
property was originally offered at J72.UW,
but wh"n th«. Treasury Department an
nounced that no property offered at nvre
it. in $sf),vW be considered tbu ppcn *c
upon this piece was reduced o the re
quired figure and the offer was accepted.
There Is a little side light on this nal*
that Is of Eomo interest, because of the
contest between two rival streets. It w.is
partly a contest between Broadway and
Washington street and Broadway wyn
out. The property owners and merchants
of Broadway wanted the site selected
somewhere on the east side of Broadway
In order that It might act as a check to
the. movement of the commercial center
to Washington street. This movement his
been quite decided in the last twelve
months and the Broadway property own
erg were very anxious that the new Gov
ernment building should go where It would
help them and not their rivals. On the
other hand the Washington street own
ers were anxious that it should go west
of Washington street or out San Pablo
avenue. The Broadway advocates have
won their light and this will stay any fur
ther movement westward.
This settlement of the question Is of
great benefit to Oakland. They have had
a 1250.000 postofflce appropriation for ■
considerable time, but they were umble
to have a site selected and the contest
became nearly as bitter as that for ;ne
library site. Congressman Metcalf *n
nounced that his principal object In Wash
ington this winter would be to secure the
Immediate erection of the postofllce build
ing and it is very evident that hia efturts
have had an immediate effect, l'lana have
already been completed in Washington for
the building and the people expect to see
the Structure under way before next year
Is very old.
WANTS NO TRIAL
BY ALAMEDA JURY
Oakland Office San Frankly
908 Broadway, Dec. C.
C C. Sullivan, the accused burglar,
who was captured on the night of Oc
tober 8 last, when his pal. Wilbert Will
more, was shot by the Alamrda police,
has filed a sensational affidavit on which
his attorney. T. J. Crowley. will base a
motion for a change of venue when the
trial comes up before Judge Hal] next
Friday.
Sullivan claims that It will he impossi
ble for him to have a fair and Impartial
trial by reason of the bias and prejudice
Of tl'.e citizens of Al.ini- <U County
againet him, and asks that he be tried In
another county. His affidavit
minutely relates "the hue and cry set up
by the multitude In Alam»d.i" on the
night of the burglary at O. Gott'p |i
store; how on that occasion a large num
ber of citizens with pistols, shntgu: :
other weapons t..nk pan In v. ..
cultlng In the killing ..f young \\
and th< <aptur« of the deponent. ll*
cites that th» axcftcmani
the. multltuda reached tosuchli I
on that numorshln occasion that there
were dwuoustraUona of personal \ ;
against him; tl.at som.- < ri^d out "Lynch
him: Kill him! Sh..,t him: S^nd "him
along with his partners!"; that deponent
verily believes that hut for the Interven
tion of the police aerloua bodily Injury if
ni>t d^ath would hay.> r« "de
fendant at thit time. Sullivan also com
plains bitterly of tli«> notorlely given the
i-;tse by the newspapers-
Sullivan pcrtlcularly objects that the
play of Tlic Burajiar' Is to be presented
on the same day tlxod by trie Superior
Court for his trla.l— next Friday.
I'istrlct Attorney Allen, when ques
tioned, would not state whether an In
junction will be Issued to prevent the
AUm-'da performance. In any event, the
motion for change of venue will probably
be disposed of by Judge Hall Friday
morning, and It Is not unlikely that Judge
Hall may place his disapproval in an In
junction upon the play of "The Burglar."
The Bride Paid the lee.
OAKLAND, Dec. 6.— The fact that the
law allows a Justice of the Peace 13 for
performing the marriage ceremony was
most forcibly Impressed upon Ole Edward
Nelson, a Norwegian, aged 32 years, who
suddenly summoned Justice Quinn this
afternoon to oßlclate at the matrimonial
event of his life. The bride was Miss
Lena Mnquln. and tho thirty summers
she has passed beneath the California
sun came well in hand. At the conclusion
nf the ceremony performed In County
Clerk Jordan's private office the groom
(shelled out two shining sliver dollars in
payment of the Justice's fee. He was
courteously advised that the law has fixed
the fee at $3. The abashed groom, after
fumbling for the extra dollar, inquired
of the bride for t c balance. She pro
fessed poverty: nor did the witnesses
Nettie Tomiinson and Frank Browning.
p<fem to he equal to the emergtney. Sud
denly th* bride struck an idea and rush
ing behind a screen quickly emerged,
flashing a shining $5 gold piece, and M
•he Justice, amidst profusion of blushes,
got hi fee.
Death From Heart Clot.
ALAMEDA. Pec. Coroner Mehrmnnn
held an ln<|ucst on the body of Mrs. Susan
Bljscra. who died Sunday night at her
home. 4 Arlington court, Dr. Keys; who
wax called In shortly before the woman's
death. diagnosed the case as heart clot
and so certified in a death certificate
signed by him later on. The health of
ficer refused to Issue a burial permit on
that diagnosis, giving as his opinion that
heart clot could he determined only by ai.
autopsy. Dr. C. G. Hull and f>r. l\ I*
Tlsdale performed the autopsy, which
bore out the correctness of l>r. K"«v»'
diagnosis. The Coroner's Jury rendered a
verdict accordingly.
SERIOUS CONDITION
OF COUNT TOLSTOI
Was Unconscious for Two Days, but
Is Now Slightly Im
proved.
LONDON*. Dec. 7.— A special dlnpatrh
from Berlin says that Count Tolstnt hi*
been seriously ill. For two days he wnrt
unconscious, but he is now slightly let
ter, although treat anxiety Is still mani
fested In Motsci-w regarding htm.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
jJcARTfKS
tfiHf i? ITTLE
SICK HEADACHE
I'ositively cared by Uieso
.Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspeygfa.
Indigestion and Too Heartr Eating. A pep.
feet remedy tor Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste to the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain In the Side, TORPID LTVER. They
Regulate the Uowcli. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pin. Small Dose.
. Smafi Price*
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
w Steamers tears Broadway
Y3*^_^ wharf. Pan Francisco:
MJr^7vh»v Fur Alankan potts. 19 a.m..
OPuSVbsbl X """ 27. 12. 17. 22. 27. '*" 1.
I |-<X. Wftr¥VM fkinre to fe.mp^ny'a »t-atn-
\ BBBBVfIH^BaI * r * 4t t " '
MfffflaVTiill For Victoria. Vancouver
■ r^^^^^^&i (I '- C L ** ort Townsend. ««-
attic Tacoma. E»er»tt. Ana-
enrtes and New Whatrom
(Wash.). M a. m.. Dec. J. 7.
I „ „ - r t»n 1 <r "' * vr O' f' :
ift.J' \?»,»n««. at tsmttU t- Ibis • mpany-4
* th a H l Cru». Monterey. San Simeon. Cam-
: co«. Port Hnrf-r-1 'Sn-
! Santa e -L'-r.."r.* watt* teR
an.l every fourth day thereafter.
For Fan Die*", stopping only «t Port "•«"
ford (Pan Luis Cblnpo). Banta BarMra. Port
I^3« Auretes and Redonda (l«s An«eles). 11
Ia? m Si < * 9. U. 1«. W. M, 21. Jan. 1. anJ
e*ery 'fourth day thereafter. _
For Knienada. Mairfalens nay. P<tn Jo»» «!•!
' rabo Maiatlan. Altnta. iJi Pax. Pr»nU Itosa-
tin and Ouaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., 7th of each
For further Information obtain company's
foM»r.
Th» eomrany renenres th» rt«ht tn rhan«»
without pi ■ I hi— notice steamer*, ■ailing dates
»•..< v <.i«— -fin* • • i'n*
TIUKKT OFKIOK-4 New Usntrnaery
street < Palace lintel).
GOODAL.L. PFRKINS * CO . Oen. A*t«..
10 Marktt st.. San FrnncUco.
THE 0. R. & R. GO.
' DIBPATCII FAST BTEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
F""m Bpear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC ? '2 Plr^t C1a«« Incladlns; B«rtk
rflnL $h Second CUm and Meal*.
Flat* of California. ..Falls Pee. 4. 14. 21. Jan. I
Columbia Sails T»c. ». 19. r>. Jan. •
Short l.ln» to Walla Walla. Ppokane. Dutto.
Helena and all points In th« Northwest.
Throurh tickets to all points Fast.
B. C. WARD. General A vent.
TO Market it.
OOODALI* PERKINS * CO..
Bup«rtntendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
FEW TOM. SOCTHAMPTO!!. LOSDOH. PAEW.
Ptopplnir at Cherbourg. tin.) ad
From New Tork Every Wednesday. 10 a. in.
; fit. Paul Not. njfit. Louis Dec. II
Pt. Louis Nov. JJ.Pt. Paul Dec 17
St. Paul Dec. • New Tork Jan. I
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New Tork. Every Wednesday. 11 noon.
Frlenland Nov. »] Kenslnrton ....Nov. a
Pouthwark Nov. 1' | Noordland D*o. 4
Wcstemiand ...Nov. 23 rrtesland L*c 13
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information reirardlna; freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT.
10 Montgomery «t.. or any of its agencies.
Rates and sailings for 1900 now ready.
TOYO KISEN KAISIIA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Drannan itreeta. 1 p. m.,
fcr YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, ca!lln« at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers far
India, etc. No cargo received on board ca day
of nailing.
AMERICA MARU Thursday. Dee. It
HONGKONG MARU Tuesday. Jan. It
NIPPON MARU Friday. Feb. I
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
frrtirht and passage apply at company's etSc*.
421 Market ptr«et. comer First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
Th * 9 B Auitralla
a^^lJßjß'lgr sail* for »■
WjtH lK^ We.lne»day. I -
k| y£ ji- TS5d -** - """^^ *^ • -
HLH3T S Oi/^ I* A "• 8 Mir!r"«a tan*
«SjCLß^r Auckland for PyJn*/
*¥£^ (OTl^^fiy* Wednesday. Dec. IT.
Favorite Lln« Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia. India. Buei.
England, etc.: SSIO first class.
I. D. $P KECKELS k BROS. CO.. Aats.. 114 Uontaamefi
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. Frt<ghtOllce.32? Market St
COKPIQIfIK 05NE1ALI TKA"9ATtAKTIQ7I
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. qb»
Falling every Thursday inttea-l of <J*J^Tr\
Faturd ,y. frcro November 1. lt». at »>"*"*»■
10 a. vi.. from Pier 41 North River, foot of
Morton *t. LA NORMANPIB. Nov. Is; LA
OASCOGNE. Nov. 23; LA TOLTIAINE. Nov.
*); LA RRETAONE. Dec. 7. Flmt-class to
Havre. IV) an! upwsrd: 5 per rent rtdnrtlnn on
round 'tip. Second-class ta Havre. SO; S per
cent reduction on rnunl trip. GENERAL
AOENCT FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA. 13 Uroadwav dlu'-vin bulUln«). New
Tork. J. F. FUGACT * CO.. Pacific Coast
Ar'ntn. I Mont#omerv it».. Pun Fran-ftro.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello.'*
HON. Tun. Wed. Thun »n-l Sat. at $ m
a. m.. 1:15. lltp m. (ex. Thurs. night). Fri-
days. 1 p. m nnl I.J": Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. ■
p. m. Landing and office. Ml«loa-itr*«t Dns,
P.tr No. 3. ' Talcpocs* Main UCS.
7ARB Mima uiuiuiim uiiuuu Bs]
910
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE cf the Ban Francisco
Tall, corner Of Market and Third streets, open
tintll 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— C 27 Montgomery street.
eeretr Clay; open until *:30 p. m.
800 Hayes street; open until 1:80 p. m.
('• M Alii-tiT f.r.-.t; open until 9 30 p. ra.
i.: Larktn street; open until » »0 p. m.
IXI X.:*.: r, street: vj-n until 10 p. m.
:: r : Market rtreet. corner Sixteenth; opes
tr.t'.l 9 p. m.
|M> Eleventh street: cpen until » p. m.
; -r Valencia street: open until • p. m.
1.*23 I'c'.k (•.!■• rt ; open until i p. m.
Northwest errner of Twenty-neoond and Ken-
ttirky streets; open until • p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
MISSION Chapter No, 7*. ■. A. M.— ~-~~
Stawd meeting THIS (THURSDAY) ii
EVENING. 7: j .» o'clock. Mission Ma- Jc2T
ionic Temjtle, TCCS Minion st. Buatw**'^^'
and R«j>*ll Atvh Ituicr***. By ordi>r of th«
H. P. JNO R. JIILLMAN. S.vntary.
r.,l.ireßNlA~LoJge Na 1. F. and A. m
M. »11l inert THIS <THURSI»AY)_JV.
EVENING I ■.•■:.!-:■:. :it 7JO o'cio. k.
t-ttied nje»tiu? unU annual election of/ V 1
i tSoera. Hy order of the Master.
KRANKLIN 11. DAY. Secretary.
PACIFIC Ludue No. 136. F. and A. M., •
121 Eddy tt.. meots THIS «TIIURS- _am_
m EVENING. .:<J u\:.»-k. r:r?t X_X
Ivrree. /TT »
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Socn-tary.
BOCTH KAN FRANCISCO L<->djre No. _
21*. F. and A. M.— Annual btatiM m«et-
ing THIS (THUIUSDAT) EVENING. Vjf
at 7:30 o'clock. Election or officers. /V>
E. C HARE. S«-retxry.
JiORIC I/.iJ«e No. 2!fi. F. and A. M.- «
Annual stated nwetirip THIS (TMIHS- A
PAYI EVENINO. 7 3,1 o'clock. By jZjt
order of the W. >!. /V\
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
trtLDBT Encampment No. £3. I. O. O. ft j*
F.— Golden Rule IVgnrTHISjTHUKS-^y*
DAY) EVENINQ, / \
T. It. MORSE. Scribe. / \
YERNA I'.UENA Ix-dge No. 15. 1. g^&XZP-'
<». *">. F.— Election of oraocre Tl>-
CIIAS. WII^ON. N. G. "*^iw^"
W. II DttOTT, Recording Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge~Nn. 153. I. 070. ~-<»JR£2-,
V , will initiate THIS EVENING. y f >y:
Jh-.-.m?.er 7. l«'i>. Election Of oifl-
cers. Visitors cordially Invited. "*/i^
F. L. TI'RPIN. Nobl« Grand.
FRANK P. ASHWORTH. Itec. Sec.
JR. O. U. A. M.— Abraham Lincoln Council N<\
: rr.efts In B. B Hall. 221 Ed.ly St.. every
THURSDAT BVENIXO. To-ni»rht Dr. Gco.
L Kit>-h will deliver bis celebrated lecture
entitled, "Why I Am an Israelite." All
t:»::;l*.rs c,f t!;e rrJrr invited.
T. TORPI. Councilor.
ANNUAL Meeting— Regular annual meeting of
tt.» stockholders of U".e Paauhau Sugar I'lsn-
tallnn Company will be held at tile office
<■! til- 1 company. 527 Market t-t.. In the city
and eoastf of San Francisco, on SATUR-
I 'AY. the 2d day of I>ecemb«r. IS«S. at tho
h. ur of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of
electing a board of directors to serve for the
• : Milng year end the transaction of such
otber business us may come before the meet-
ir.S. Transfer booV:s will close en Wednes-
day, November IS??, at S o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
Tti» abrve a<l\ertlsr(l rnMlr.it of the Paati-
h.HU Ft*.»r Plant.Ttion Company is postponed
until Tin'nSDAY. l^cembor 21. ISJS. at 11
.■Vlnrit w . m X H. SHKLDnx. Socrctary.
I rt>R\Bl " AT LAW.
AItVICT free; It. wTITING. hlxthfloor Chron-
:< ie t'Uil<linK: r.o a-ivance charges; all rases;
rstatifW, mcrruragvs, damages, collections.
Iknkrurtcy; wills, etc* drawn; moderate fees;
< kil or write.
ADVICE free; dlvof-e law a specialty; private;
nr» fee without success; cnli-ciions. O. W.
HOWE, atty at law. SJO Markt-t, cor. St»»cktn.
NOAH F. FLOOD. US Market «.. cpp. Mason;
<-onsultiitlnn free; moderate fees.
F. H. MEItznACH. attorney ot law. has re-
sumed iitaitlce nt IC3 Cal. St.. Clunle bUg.
L. F. O^Aniv. Emma Fpreckels building. 527
Market; consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE r-re; •% charr^ unless successful. \V.
'.V. I>A V] ; i\ 'c.'7 Market rt.. <rp. Mason.
niCVCLE nEPAIRING.
THOS. H. n. VARKET. Market and Tenth!
itAMm.rn and ideal bicycles.
REPAIRING A SPECIALTY.
UOAIID AND ROOMS.
El>l>Y. IC3— United States iTotTH roorniTTrHo
«erk up. with b'tard >J M: mite for two with
»«.»rd. 112; hoard. 14 week; meals.. 2ic; ele-
Mt r runs a.l night.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT. 1714 Market-Elegant
n<*\v furniture; firiit-c!a!"s In every r»-si>ect;
I:i|jle unsuriiasM-d; ln.t and oold water; ele-
vator; Ku:t« ?. wjth board for 2, 150 month up.
KEW family hotel; Unit -class in all appoint-
ments; «'xcr'!ent table. 807 i'allfornla n.. oc-
cupying corner cj>r>r*!te Grace Church.
••BELGRAVIA HOTET*" l*?Ik and Clay^SurT
r.y suites; t>e-rt tnard: for 2. 145 up: single. i 2%
LAS PALM AS. I^o Market et. -Suite cf 2 or J
nna.; private; bath; «!n. rms.; board cj>tl"nal.
LONOWORTH. £32 Oeary— Large suites, bath"
for 3 it 4 rentlerrien; excellent taMe Kiard.
OTARRELL, 742— I^arre sunny front rooms;
c h>l hoca» cooking: hlw single ri»imi>: $20 up.
HOARDING roil CHILDREN.
I.ATiY would like cne or I children to care for:
l.ef-t rif care :. .',.:. fn per month. Apply 141
I'.-ure Ft.
WIDOW, bns a r.lc* home, wants a small child
ti lionrd; c n 'A h"me; bent rare. 36S Fell st.
HOOKS — NEW AXDOLD.
tCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Hi.lmes n-K'k Co.. 7^4 Mission ft., near Third.
HOOTS AND SHOES.
LADIES' lace *h<^s. SI: boys' shoes. 75c.
M< ns <sr*s*y shurs. tl 3; men's boot*. SI 76.
*'rlf»- llfct sent free. PEOPLE'S SHOE
STt'RK. ISC3 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
HOOTS nnd i hoes made to order from if sat
material. :• to M: repairing cheap. H. SAL-
NlM:n. 441 Bu«h H.. formerly with McNulty.
111 MM CHANCES.
A-I45O; CANDY ■tare and factory, with living
rr">ms. In < holes location on Polk st. ; rent
$32: clears !*' per we<>k; «-lecanily fitted; a
_rare chance. R. O. WILKE. iXjt Murkft st.
A-Snr.o; RF.STAURANT In mining town of 4000
— InhnMtiintu; ilully rtfMplm tV);- r*-at $25 - a
bargain. It. G. WILKE, SOS Market *t.
A-H0O0; CORNER grocery and bar; cnoicest
lo ( .itlon; r».nt $40; dolne a large store and bar
trade; >tnck all frefh; a rare opportunity.
<•■!! H. O. WILKE. WC Market et.
A-I1300; RESTAURANT rlose~ro~Market and
Jiiihon sts. ; doing a rushing bus'.neKs; place
t'l't.-antly fitt<-d up; worth double the money
atk.d. Call It. <J. WILKE. X*6 Market st.
A-ISW; I«ORK and delicacy store, doing a
l*rge arid firn-class paying liusiness; rent
Siu; the vrry best Iwatuii; owner must sarrl-
rlr» on account nf «ither lnvrvtments: a irr«-at
tarraln. Call R. <J. WILKE. M< Market.
A- J.VO- SALOON: OFarrrll and Stockton sts~;
!•■«»•••. it. G. WILKE. SwC Mark-t «.
A— PAHTNEH wanted, restaurant, to attriiid
cash ccum«T onl help in general: $7S j»t
montta cuarar.t'-eii; prctt*r partner l«i Mrrd
_hi. PTEXBEKQ PP.. 5H'» Kearny st."
A-J27.T: SAI>«\V; 2 Morku of Market: * B*wly
fum:rlicil rtvim»; ha:<dsonie bar and back bar.
»«.lue m stgnt; owner »lck: must tell. PTEN-
ir H!TL <> LL'_: c^L XK ' arn^ " l -
A-xtSO: iioiiHi:?nf>i:iNG shop: bm locate n
In r«ty; •■■■-.. io y«-ars; clearn over mo
a m»t.th; full value in mock; owner owns
the building. STKNBERQ CO.. 2«4 Kearuy.
I7CP -G ROOKRY and~bar: easily worth 11000 l
flr.e stock: r «* location: I nice living rooms:
rrnt C 7; bargain. JONES CO., SCS Market st.
CAKDT rtore; living rms.; rh»ap rent- furnl-
iurv; skimrss. OOWIN<S & **> y& Matk.t.
ALFA «•-). will ex change. buy~7.r~»7n your
buainess or property quick. «3 Market st.
ACTIVE miß to take rtUrtdg panaer*a plmosT:
«r.sll rjipltal; olflce buslnrss; no night or
Sunday work; experience unnecesnar}-. sa
Murkrt st.. room A.
ItI^TAI'KANT and chophous*; newly~TJrnlsh-
«^; doing good bUflm-nB. Apply I j» o lk Et.
A DIG thing for a raarhlnlut in a patented In-
vention. Apply 70CA Larkln st.
jlrtft— FßUlT and grocery «tnre: pood loritlorv
roomii; rent Sl2. 4.2 Folmtn nt.
JCICH little tius'.ness: tlvir.g ruemi: stationery
randy, notions: north Market. Box J74S. Cu\\.
roil sale— Restaurant In one of tx>tt busings
parts of rity; tine opportunity for rt»;ht party;
no agents wanted. For further particulars
address <:. n.. box 1222. Call office.
J7TO— CORNER .eery and bar: good location;
all frt-Kh sttjck; 4 nice living rooms; rent 120
Call McLEOD St. HATJE. CIS Market st.
13t0 — FOR sale; a first-class randy and Ice-
cream parlors: vrry cheap. 2C3 Second st.
$11<»— FnuiT and vegetable store. 135 Oak et.;
a bargain. . .. . .>
::"ST.M.'It ANT— Good place for roan and wife;
_<Istlv receipts tl2 to »18. Hi Mason st.
KALOON doing good business; bargain If taken
at once. 431 Bueh H
FA LOON for sale: on East St., near Market.
Apply Jackson Brewery.
111 ».|\i:-»s CllANCKS— Continued.
KiO— CORNER saloon; 2 blocks from Market:
low rent; estab. place; good business: worth
MuO; Investigation allowed. M. LESS. 765 Mkt.
1150— GROCERY and bar. with 1 living rooms;
rood location; rent only $13 per month: rare
bargain. M. LESS. 765 Market ft.
SIOO— PARTNER In manufacturing business to
drive wagon; plant worth $1000: old estab.;
pref. partner to hired help. M. LESS. 765 Mkt.
SJOO— OOKNER grocery and bar; best part of
Western Addition; value in right; cash cus-
tom; rushing tar trade. M LESS. 765 Mrket.
EHOP for painter, plumber, carpenter: rent
and more In work. WM. HENDRICKSON
A CO.. €14. Call building.
CIGAR store and fixtures with Call agency for
pale; reasonable; good location; rent cheap.
Box U74. Salinas. Cal.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL A. COS. 412 Sacramento st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
• ut'S- i ij'tl'ij.g has b«*en established .it the
northwest corner of Twenty-e*-cond and Ken-
tucky sti>. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office Tor Call advertisements and
KVbicrliHion* has been rstabllshed at 1096 Va-
lencla st. *
CARRIAGES ami WAGONS.
i BAKERY, also laundry wagon; fine top buggy,
almost new; bus. buggy, now. bus. wngons.
new. suitable dry go, • stores. •:- Harrison.
I ALL kinds of wacons. bußKies. carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN «c SON. 2117 Mission st.
IC* 1 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, mrreya and horses. 1140 Folsom St.
CARPET BEATING AND CLI2ANINO.
WHEN you become di.sgusted with poor work
i^-r.d to SPAI'LDINGS Pioneer Carpct-
beatlng Work*. 353-357 Tehama st.; tel. S. 40.
SANITARY Cleaning Co. for health and >vjuare
dealing. 342 McAllister St.; tel. S'Uth 146.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-40 kth St.; tel. South 250.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carj*t Cleaning Co..
4 Stt-vensun St.; tel. South 225; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 3M. GHO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
jTe. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. Ml 14th
st.: cleaning. 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLINS Oarpft-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ay«». : telephone East 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
) UTICA cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing: a sure
cure fcr poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
Acer.t. Office and factory. 21 Spear st.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. CLARK.
the well-known trance medium, may be con-
sulted on all affairs of life. While entranced
t-he reveals every hidden mystery: she will
► how you how to overcome your enemies; re-
move family troubles; retore lost affections;
unite the t>e|>arate«l; recovers lost or stolen
property; locales minerals; tells your entire
life, while In a perfect trance; satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; nd stamp for circular
wlih hpeclal terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
105 Turk St.. near Junes. Home Sun. and eves.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. 1104 Market St.. trance,
test medium; lite reader and medical clair-
voyant: treats nil diseases; sittings $1.
MMX A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; best advice In dllflcult mat-
ters. R Hayes St.. room 7. second floor.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night. 605 McAllister et.; 10c; come skeptics.
iIMK. 7.EKEDA of R Seventh st. Is the origi-
nal rypty life reader; readings, 25c.
ARNOLD & IMCKSON. tests to all to-nlsht.
10c; sittings, W»c; card reading. 25c up. 14S 6th.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; ir.e up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader: German spoken. ?214 Mission. op Mint.
EDWARD EARLE. lnde[«>ndent slate writer.
S3O Elis St.; circle Sun. and Wed. evenings.
M!!S. DRESOOL, card reader, palmist. Room
1. 10S Sixth rt.
MMH. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c: truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
I MME SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 212H Sixth st.
MMH. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. I Fourth st.
tfOUR future told by cards. 25c. IC2H Sixth Bt..
10 a. m. to S d. m.
MME. SYr.lLLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
han<T> victim-. T"..-: ladles. '.'H O'Farren st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. ICHLLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less successful. Room 319. S-27 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
jS_COTTAGE of 3 rooms; yard and basement.
IZt Ivy aye
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors. 927
Market St.. over Cafe Zhnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without r»in by the use of electricity, gas
cr chloroform; al3o by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the best and most artistic
cental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from tl up; other fillings from 50c;
bndly decayed teeth carefully treat and
«U«ml or crowned without pal plates that tit
from {4 50 up: flesh colored plates !rom $3 6«)
up: teeth without plates a specialty; open
evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anaesthetic for painless dentistry—
Fynol. en application to the gums. removes
the pain; »»e <iur flesh colored plates; thinner
and stronger than rubber: warranted for 2J
years; cruwn and bridge work; te^th with-
out a p'.ate; fillings. 50c; crowns, $3 50; platek,
full Hi. j: . all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st . cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done palnlt-tttily; teeth
without plates cur specialty; gold crowns,
$3 W up; Hates, extractions free, ;« 50 up; of-
fice hours, 'j a. m. to 10 p. m. Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
trncts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges, J4;
rull*r or flexible plates, $3: received I first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
VAN VROOM— PainJets extraction by electric-
ity: iViarantee 10 yearn: lowest 1 rices; 10 op-
rmtors; no students. 997 Market Ft.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. MS Market st.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
laity; nil work reasonable; gas given.
PARIS I>ental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush!
full set of ttfth. *4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
SET r.f teeth without plate. DR. 11 li
YOUNG. 1S«1 Polk st.
OHIO Dental Parlors. Inc.; 8 graduate opera-
tors;op<-n evenlntrs and Sundays. K.O Market.
LOWEST prices In S. F. ; work warranted 10
Si rears. N. Y. Dentists. 967 Mission, cor. Cth.
CHF.APEST and best In America— The Week v
Call, 16 gee, seal to any address In the
United Ftntes or Canada one year for |1.
I'^tar* t'»M.
■ ,
DHEsSMAKi:nS AND SEAMSTRESSES
5. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring Parlors;
_^ rrrncn '^"ortng system taught. 305 Van Ness.
MeDOWELL Dressmaking School gives a prac-
»cal course; pat, cut; positions free. 103 Post.
PARISIAN* Ortssroaklng. :-: Gcarr; dressei
ronde. $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
Aprop.DJMN pleating factory: all kinds pl< at-
Ir-K. |.ink;-.c. J2l Prst. ever O'Connor A Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College.' 24~Post sti^BT F. 7
practical c-uracs In bookkeeping, shorthand.
'I'l'lr.g. languages telegraphy. En^lii>h
branches, civil, electrical ar.d mining engi-
__ noting, etc.; new SO-page catalogue free.
ALL <.fnc!al reporters o? this city advise rtu-
U«-tith to go to Gallagher's Shorthand Inatl-
t-Jte. Parrott building; be wise; follow their
advice; ba thorough; life scholarship 150.
AYRKS* Business College. 723 Market at., con-
ducted j»em-n«dly by Mr. and Mrs. Ayres;
_llfe_rcholarshlp $50, Includes all branches.
ALL rtudents but two taking full course
this year £ot positions. SAN FRANCISCO
•• BUBIKEBB COLLEGE. 123 C Market st.
ENGINEERING school.clvll.electrlcal. mining.
m«-ch.. survey, assay, arrhi.; day and even.;
<•>!. 2>C4. VAN iil: NAILLEN. 933 Market.
MISS Jl. G. RARRRTT Is unable to 1111 nil <ie-
roands fnr her shorthand graduates; lessons
i<i-t>o:ially and by mall. 3f* Montgomery st.
THE Hitchcock School. San Rafael, for young
men and boys; Easter term begins Jan. 7.
ACTING and vaudeville people put on stage.
Hallett Lyceum Theater. 310 O'Farrell st,
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College. 305 Larkln St.. opp. City Hall.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught;
priv.cr class. Barker's Aeademy.tn Mission it.
PRIVATK lessons by expert bookkeeper; most
_p r j»ctl<-a: tv.f^cA. J2S4 Bush st.
LAW sc!uv,;«. 927 Market, S. F.. and COS Broad-
vay.Oak'mid: ««ay and night: correspondence.
START right and the end In In sight. PROF.
MLRKI. violin, mand. guitar. 1001 Mission.
j BOOKKEEPlNG.arithmetlc, grammar. writing;
j cay snd night; terms low. 1014 Mission. nr.ltA.
THE SAN FK AH CISCO CALL,, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 7. 1899.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
FIELD'S Employment Agency— Help furnished
free. 6£5 Clay st.; phone Davis JflL
JAPANESE Information bureau; Japanese and
Chinese help. 421 Post; phone Main 1986.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414 V& OTarrell St.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. QEO. OAKI, 30 Geary at.: tel. Grant 3*
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — FEMALE.
A SWEDISH girl, excellent cook, years ref-
erence. Address or telephone MRS. NOR-
TON. 313 Sutter st.
A YOUNO girl wishes place to assist house-
work; $15; good references. MRS. NORTON.
313 Sutter st.
GERMAN houeeglrl desires a situation in Ger-
man family. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sui-
ter ft.
A YOUNG woman wants situation at general
housework; good cook and laundress: good
references. IS Wetmore place, off Clay St.,
between Powell and Mason; no postals.
AN elderly woman would like to do chamber
work or take care of children. 1410 Church
Et., near Twenty-sixth.
HONEST thorough woman, any kind of work;
Wednesday or Friday; city reference. 1200
Larkln M. ___^_^___^
• SITUATION wanted by trained nurse. Ger-
man; care of baby; best of doctors' refer-
ences. Apply Nurse, Call Branch. 300 Hayes.
COMPETENT dressmaker. $1 50; cuts by tailor
system; drensea made over; quick worker.
Address I- . 2526 Mission st.
COMPETENT woman desires to be employed
half days at washing or housework; terms
Me. Address box 1747. Call office.
YOUNG girl wants light housework. Call or
address l(<37's Market M.
FIRST-CLASS seamstress will exchange work
for room and board. Box 401, Call office.
WANTED— By American woman, a position as
companion to lady physically or otherwise un-
fitted to m<*et her social obligations; Is of re-
fined bearing, contralto singer and educated;
city or country. Address box 1466. Call.
AN old lady— A Protestant Old lady, trust-
worthy and reliable, wishes a position for any
kind of light work. In a small nice family.
Address by letter to MRS. c . 431 l'reclta aye.
WANTED By .woman, unencumbered, position
«s housekeeper to one or more gentlemen of
Handing; city or distance. Address box 1467,
Call office.
REFINED young girl (15) wishes position to
assist with iiKht work in exchange for good
borne; no children. Box 1472. Call office.
RESPONSIBLE woman would like evening's
work taking care 'if children, sewing, etc
MRS. X . 2657 Mission St.
GERMAN middle-aged woman, lately arrived:
is a pood cook and housekeeper. 2031 Flll-
more et.
WANTED— Position by neat respectable lady as
chambermaid: state wages. Address to MRS.
W. It. 8., general postoffice. San Francisco.
ALL-AROUND cook and help: can take chef's
place or full charge of kitchen: English,
French and German cook; first-class pastry;
Brst-daaa hotel references. 242 Natoma st.
RESPECTABLE American woman, no lncum-
brance. desires position as housekeeper, com-
panion or any position of trust; capable, dllt-
rent and faithful worker; city or country-
Address J. A. S.. box 14«. Call ..'flee.
GOOD dressmaker wishes to go out by the day;
terms T3 per day. Call or write, 1414 Market
St., room 7.
LADY wishes plain sewing and mending to do
at home. 150 Fourth st., room 7.
DRESSMAKER from New York will make any
style trimmed suit for $4: high-grade work
and perfect fit. 520 Eddy st.
STYLISH dresses made for «♦; also children's
dresses; reasonable; all work guaranteed; will
go out nt 51 25 a day. Call or address 53$
Fourth st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; rr.c to !: 50 right: $1 50 to $«
week: convenient and respectable; fre- bus
and baggage to and from terry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch 1 Mice, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner Of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky fts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at l'/.'fi Va-
lencia «t.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.: open until '.' p. m.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED —
ELDKRLY colored man wishes situation In
private family to do general housework and
make himself useful; fully competent in all
affair* connected with kitchen. Call or ad-
dr.-. 1 --- SB Meyers place, off Sacramento.
WANTED— Situation as cook or dishwasher in
city or country by a middle-aged, sober,
Ft«-ady, respectable man of experience, speak-
ing English and German. Box 17*6. Coll.
MIDDLE-AGED man, position as car. taker
or anything connected with machinery; flrst-
clrks reference is to nobriety and honesty.
Address box 1730, Call office.
COACHMAN wants situation to care for nice
horses, carriages and harness: can milk cow,
care for garden; city and Oakland references.
Addnpßß J. X.. box 1729. Call olfice.
COACHMAN* and general man wants employ-
ment; will do any kind of work; go anywhere:
bost reference*. Address box 1755, Call.
YOUNG man wishes to learn bricklaying: has
had some experlenoe; or will take any kind
of work. Address box 1751, Call office.
WANTED— By sober young man. a position as
rk-vator attendant: »>est of reference. Ad-
dpeas F. C M LAUOHLIN. 20 Howard court.
GARDENER, also understands the care of fine
horses, wishes to take care -of private place;
first-class references Box 1758. Call office.
YOUNG ma 23 years old. desire a i«osltlon
of any kind: »■• st of reference; anything for
a living. Address 1.,* 1732. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by »<oy of IS; strong and
willing; would like to learn trade. Address
D "I' :.. 1 Stevenson st.
GOOD Book and bartender: steady, middle-aged
man wishes employment in saloon. Box 1704.
Call office.
BARKEEPER first-class man. desires employ-
ment; beat city reference*. 1,, 209 Valencia.
ITALIAN or French cook, employed for many
years In Florence, Rome and New York,
wants position In private family or boarding
house; pest reference. CAVALLINI. 6198
Montgomery aye.
GARDENER, practical In all its branches,
good reference, withe* a position with pri-
vate family. Address J. W.. 1029 Willow St..
Oakland.
YOUNG man wishes situation as barber: 10
months' experience; work reasonable. Box
_J470. Call office.
GARDENER and coachman wants position;
first class at both; good hand at carpenters
tools and gas engines. TWITCHIN, 44 Third.
GENTLEMAN who haa made several tripe to
Europe would like to attend Invalid on sim-
ilar trip. Address box 901, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS hotel or restaurant cook wants
work; sober and quick. Box 1465, Call.
ENGINEER, machinist and stcamfitter wants
a situation In a mill or mine. Box 1465, Call.
CARPENTER, also cabinetmaker, wants Mt u .
at Ion; town or country. Box 1469. Call office.
WANTED Position by a first-class engineer
and amalgamator who understands concen-
trating machinery, etc.; references given.
Address box 1456. Call office.
POSITION as clerk, salesman or collector; ref-
srence, security and experience. A. Call
office, Alameda.
STEWARD or chef, thoroughly understanding
his department, with wide experience; good
reputation; f>r.Jvr and economical. GEO.
STALL, Hubs House.
SITUATION wanted by a man as gardener,
hoetler-or to do general work around place;
city or country; reference. Box 1352. Call.
WANTED— A situation as fireman on station-
ary boilers. Address box 1445. Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 22C0 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky us. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.: open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla -'
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician.
1071H Market St.. San Francisco: exam, free.
FLATS TO LET.
ELEGANT fiat; 6 rooms and bath; all latest
Improvements. 713 Grove st.
FLATS 1 and 5 rooms each: rent reasonable.
8 and *H Dearborn St.. off Seventeenth, near
Valencia.
; FLAT hunting made easy with the printed list
you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10
Montgomery st. •
LOVELY new corner flat, • Richmond District.
Eighth aye. and Clement St., 6 rooms; bath.
FLATS TO LET. o" '"
MCALLISTER. Upper flat. 7 rooms, with
light and sun; reasonable to good tenant.
MODERN flats; Just finished: 6 and 7 rooms:
bath; basemt.; yard. 1929-1937 O'Farrell; reas.
BUNNY bay window flats, 7 rooms and 2 kitch-
ens each; first and second floors. 4174 Third.
SUNNY lower flat. 6 rooms, bath; yard; water
free. 1744 Folsom st. ; rent $13.
TURK. 520 C —Lower flat. 4 rooms, bath; yard;
basement: rent $13; no children.
UPPER and lower flat of 4 and 5 large rooms.
baths, yard; $18 and $15. 925 Greenwich st.
FLATS TO FURNISHED.
BEAUTIFUL sunny upper flat, furnished. 6
rooms, bath; cheap. 2514^ Sutter: call 11 to 2.
FREE TO ALL.
BEAUTIFULLY Illustrated book, by sending
address to lock box 643. Los Angeles, Cal.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all sizes. $2 90;
heavy matting. 10c per yard; 30x60 Inch rugs.
11. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310-1312 Stockton
st. near Broadway; open evening.
TWO handsome bookcases and a wardrobe; very
cheap. Room 93. Chronicle building.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4S 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call.
16 pnre». In ■w-rwnner. for mnlllnrr. $1 per year.
FURNITURE WANTED.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry i Co") ""buby b
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays
the highest price for your 2d-hand furniture.
WANTED— $3000 carpets furniture, etc; highest
price paid: postal. M. Sllverateln. 1121 Market.
FURRIERS, FURS, ETC.
I ELECTRIC seal capes. Aftraknn yokes, $10 to
$20. ROUT. WALLACE. 115 Kearny. top floor.
HELP WANTED AGENTS.
JUST out— New Peerless Gasoline Lamp: easl-
ctt lighted; mest satisfactory; knocks all
competition; agents coining money. Peerless
Lamp Co.. 218 Railway Ex. bldg.. St. Louis.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CoTTT. ! » ':i:.\RY ST.
10 waitresses, hotels and restaurants, city and
country, $20-S2S; chambermaid to wait; laun-
dress, hotel. 120; polisher and ironer. short
distance In country, $30: 20 German and Swed-
ish girls, housework, $20 to $23; 20 other good
places, housework, $10 to $25. C. It. HAN-
BEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
WOMAN to do cooking and plain washing In
family of two. Apply C. It. HANSEN * CO..
104 Geary et.
WANTED— Protestant cook, $33, no wash: cook,
s In family, $30; Protestant cook, short dis-
tance, $30; second girl. $23. same place; 8
cooks. German style, $23. $30; German or
French nursery governess, $25, country; sec-
ond girl and seamstress, $23; Protestant sec-
ond girl. $20, country; 2 hotel cooks, $25— 530;
restaurant ...ok. $10 week; chambermaid and
waitress. $20. city and country; 4 restaurant
waitresses, $."> and $6 week; Protestant nurse
girl. $20; housework. $20 and $25. city and
country. J. F. CROBBTT CO., 316 Sutler st.
A— BOARDING house cook. $25. country, fare
paid; a woman to assist In kitchen. $20. In-
stitution: 2 plain laundresses. $20. country ho-
tel, fare paid. MISS CULLEN. 325 Butter st.
HOUSEWORK, country. »35: first class place;
Me party here. MISS CULLEN. 325 Slitter st.
HOUSEKEEPER short distance, two In fam-
ily, $20. see party here 10 o'clock; two cooks,
i. each; 6 house Kin.*, $25 and $20. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter et.
A QUICK, energetic stenographer wanted; a
girl who will Interest herself in business and
becomo capable of earning good salary. Ad-
dress Box. 1787, Call office.
LADIES to learn barber trade; only requires
eight weeks to learn this very profitable busi-
ness; halrdreFsing taught in four weeks. Call
or write for free illustrated catalogue. MO-
LER'S BARBER COLLEGE, C 33 Clay st.
WANTED— An experienced tailoress on coats
nnd vests; apply Immediately. 1713 Ocean
nve.. Ingleslde.
WANTED A respectable young girl for light
housework; s'wp home; good wages. Apply
| at 3373 Army St.
YOUNG girl for general housework. In Ameri-
can family; wages. $20. inquire after 9a. m.
712 Cole St., near Waller.
WANTED— on custom coats; steady
work. D. ABRAMB. 40 Ellis St., room 52.
FIRST-CLASS saleslady for fancy goods; must
have experience. Box 1731. Call office.
GIRL for general housework: kind American
family. 1202 Buchanan St.. near Turk.
RESTAURANT waitress wanted. Apply 631
Clay st.
WANTED— for housework In a family of
two, at 2512 California st.
YOUNG girl for light housekeeping and assist
In caring fcr baby; wages. $10. 904 McAllister.
WANTED— a young lady to assist in exhibiting
goods at store. 51S Market st.
WANTED At once, lady or gentleman for In-
side work. 472' i Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
GOOD waitress wanted at 607 Clay st.
WANTED German girl for housework and
plain cooking. 394 Hayes St., cor. Gough.
WANTED— Young girl to mind baby. 120 Olive
aye.. near Polk st.
WANTED— Protestant woman for light house-
work. Apply before noon, 579 Harrison st.
<;il:I< wanted for cooking and general house-
work: 3 In family. 2414 Washington st.
WANTED Good restaurant waitress; $6 per
weak. 7 Taylor st.
GIRL for general housework In family of four;
$15. 1212 Fell st.
EXPERIENCED girl to work In candy store.
44 Fourth st.
A GIRL to wait on table; must be experienced.
1221 Market st.
GOOD waitress. 704 Larkln st.
GIRL for general housework. Address H.. box
25. Call office.
NEAT girl for housework: plain cooking. Ap-
ply 9 Glen Park aye.. oft 12th st., nr. Mission.
GIRL, general housework, small family. IS2S
Fell St.
I WANTED— Experienced girl for second work In
Alameda: references required. Address box
CO. Call. __^_^^
WANTED— First-class saleslady for cloaks and
suits; good salary. Box 1750. Call.
YOUNG girl to assist In light housekeeping.
Call 511 Cole St.
TWO good experienced vestmakers. 1303 Web-
ster St.. cor. Ellis.
GIRL to copy addresses; must be rapid pen-
man. Address in own handwriting to box
1462. Call office.
YOUNG girl wanted to help mind baby. M
Post St.. near I^iguna.
WANTED—* good coat finishers and 2 but-
tonhole makers and apprentices. Apply 135
Natoma st.
LADIES' cloaks, suits. $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co., 13C6 Stockton, nr. Broadway.
CLASSIFED advertisements and subcrlptlons
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. ; open until » p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rups'-riptlons has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Bts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call R.ivertlsements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia St. '--'■ ■
'.-. HELP WANTED — MALE.
TAILORS — First-class operator wanted for
country on ladles' tailor cults; must be rapid,
accurate, understand pressing; good wages.
Apply to STEIN. SIMON & CO.. comer of
Frcond and Market sts.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House 217 Third St.; 160 Urge
rooms; 2.v per night; $1 to $2 per week.
BARBERS— 3-chalr hotel barber shop in the
center of this City; reason, death of proprie-
tor; must be sold; rent $23. For particulars
call on 11. BCHEUNERT. '.'27 Market st.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired; constant practice; expert Instruction;
lectures on dermatology: Saturday wages;
call or write for free Illustrated catalogue.
MOLER'3 BARBER COLLEGE. 633 Clay st.
WANTED— Two first-class barbers at Barbers'
Home. 1206 Market st.
BOYS from 10 to 14 having large acquaintance
and wishing to make money after school hours
address at once box 1229. Call.
COATMAKER or vestmaker can have nice seat
room. 104 Kearny st.
COO PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 662 Mission Ft., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
SEAMEN, green hands and ordinary seamen,
at HERMANS, 26 Steuart st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD A CO.. attor-
1 . neya. Hearst bid*. Third and Market.
HELP WASTED — MALE.
r. rrrrrr. . .^ .....EMPLOYERS TT.i.T.7.
OF ILELP :
UWANTA
••• '....COOK. WAITER
Dishwasher. Porter. Baker, Butcher. Clerk.
Farmer. Pruner, Dairyman. Blacksmith,
Miner, Laborer, Teamster or help
OF ANY KIND
PHONE MAIN SS4S
MURRAY & READY
EMPLOYMENT AGENTS
634 AND 636 CLAY ST
MURRAY « READY PHONE MAIN 5848
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT TO-DAY. 7 a. m
22 farm hands $26. $20 and found
2 laborers for a mine $30 and found
12 pruners. trees and vines $26 and found
cnoremen. boys for ranches, shops, stores,
bakeries, learn trades, drive milk and butcher
wagons, |26. $20, $15. $10 and found
• CARPENTERS AND DRILLERS
2 carpenters for an institution
5 carpenters, 8 hours, free fare $3 day
7 drillers. tingle and double, city $60
MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
IRON molder, country $350 day
MURRAY & READY. 634 and Clay st.
6 COOKS $40. $33. $30r$2?i and found
Walters $35, $:■;,, $20 and found
Man for delicacy store $40 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
C. R HANBEN *CO . . ~ . . . .'....104 Geary st.
Wanted— Teamsters and laborers for coast
railroad; free fare. C. R. HANBEN A CO.,
104 Geary st.
MEAT and pastry cook, country hotel, $75-
fry cook. $G0; second cook. $.10: second cook
country restaurant. $12 a week; 2 cooks $'«
and $10 a week. C. It. HANSEN A CO . 104
Geary st
GARDENER, with good references, private
place. $tO. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
WANTED— Butter-maker. $30 and found-
milker. $25; engineer for a mine. $3 a day
blacksmith for mine. $3 day; 2 farmers $23-
solicitors, on salary or commission; Scandina-
vian farmer and wife. $3. r .. see boss in city;
quartz miners. $2 DO day; tlmbcrman for mine
*- •■• daj cooks, waiters and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 623 Sacramento st.
GOOD strong man to work on ranch. $30: see
party here. 9. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
MAN and wife as cook and ranch work $50-
_ see party here. 9. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutler.
BARBERS' Protective Union— Th« only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J HEINZ
Employment Secy.. 630 Market, downstairs!
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free Employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th tel. Jessie 151.
WANTED— experienced salesman In our
laundered shirt department. Address, stat-
ing qualifications. NEUBTADTER BROS
BW. cor. Pine and Sansome sts.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
we*ks required: constant practice: expert in-
struction: lectures and everything necessary
to tench the tonaorlal art thoroughly; special
Inducements this month: call or write for free
Illustrated catalogue. MOLER'S BARBER
001-I-EOE^ 633 Clay rt. The only Institution
of the kind ever authorized by the State to
teach the art.
WANTED— Steady man to care for horses and
cow and work around place: must be a good
driver and come well recommended Ad-
dre.°s. with references, box 1732. Call office.
WANTED—Rellable man for a permanent
place In light genteel cash business: will pay
176 per month; muFt have $130 cash. Apply
1016 Market St.. room 10.
WANTED— Young man to assist In home bak-
er >'- Jl 11 Valencia St., between Twenty-third
and Twenty-fourth.
FIRST-CLASS barber for country: wages $15
Apply H. BERNARD. 104 Seventh st.
TWO experienced solicitors for furniture and
carpets. 1312 Polk st.
BOY to learn printing, with some experience
preferred. Answer box IT'".:'. Call office.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c to
00. . ;C2 Mission st., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— A barber: young man preferred. 21
Thirtieth st.
WANTED— good shoemaker at 533 Commer-
cial st.
VEST presser at once, at £41 Market st.
ERRAND boy in printing office; one who can
feed Job press. 415 Market st.
PLASTERERS wanted— O'Farrell stTi near
Powell; union or non-union men.
WANTED— A first-class wood carver. 1363 Cas-
tro st., Oakland.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at 3.
F. BARBER COLLEGE. 741 A Howard St.
ELDERLY man to do chores around bakery.
1133 Folsom st.
SMART Industrial Insurance man: good con-
tract: 12 to Ip. m. R. RALPH. 511 Montgom-
ery st.
WANTED— IOO men to try our l".c breakfast,
dinner or supper; best in city. 406 McAllister
m . near Polk.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices,
$1 Task. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c. lEe and 23c
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard; read. rm.
TRY Acme House. ?37 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 23c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third *t.. near Mar-
kot: 700 rooms, 25c night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillm re st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.: open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second an 1 Ken-
tucky sts. : open until I p. m
A BRANCH office ftir Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1091 Va-
lencia st.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc — lor Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagon, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st.: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
10 HEAD fine draft and driving horses st 1(21
and 1625 Market st . between Twelfth and
Brady; also some fine matched black teams.
4-CAN milk wagon. $25: road cart. $12: busi-
ness mare. $25: surry pole. $3. 19 City Hall
aye., opposite lieavenworth st.
FOR sale- 5-year-old horse of 1150 lbs., at 2335
Mission st.
HOUSES LODGIXG — FOR SALE. '
MONEY to loan. 1 Insurance cut 25 pet.
$200; Taylor, nr Eddy. $:..'). Mission and 4th.
$1030; 20 r.. nr Chron- 11600; to r.. near Mason,
tele. JJCOO; downtown cor.
$2700; clean and pay-
ing.
A. M SPECK A CO.. 667 Market it.
TO buy or sell your furnished houses, see
BABILE. I Eddy: -'" bargains. 8 to 100 rooms;
best location; guarantee; money on furniture.
A— 32 ROOMS; sunny comer; price $900. H.
C DECKER. 1020 Market -i
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses {o let; send for clr-
culsr. G. H. UMBSEN * CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
HOUSES. I FLATS.
IR4I Taylor $30 OOJ9A Sixth. C r $32 SO
3324 Twentieth 1t 0911*17 Howard, C r.. 19 00
1716 Mason 20 00 [CIS Guerrero. ( r... 18 00
ALABAMA. 1C64. neat 27th— House. 5 rooms;
nice yard; rent $7 &0; cozy. Owner 916 Bush.
HOUSE hunting made rosy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN Si HOWELL.
10 Montgomery «t.
JESSIE. 333. near Fifth— House of I rooms and
bath, all in good order. $15.
LOST / »l» FOUND.
ON Larkln. bet. Post and Bush, purse contain-
ing $15; reward. Return to MRS. In >!.■
Lurllne Baths.
LOST Pension certificate No. 14.112. on Decem-
ber 4. Return to HENDRICK STEERS, 503
ermont st.
LOST— Small bale belt on way to R. R. depot
Return to C. A. WORTH. 31< Market; reward!
L nY*B gold watch; Initials K. O. L. on case;
Thursday afternoon, Nov. 30. 1 o'clock, wait-
Ing-room. ferry; reward. Return to Call.
LOST— Round gold watch fob: valuable In con-
nectlons to owner; $3 reward. 2914 Lnguna.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to. any address in the
• United States, postpaid. for $1 per year.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WTETH. reliable ladles' physician
and specialist: home for patients in confine-
ment or with chronic diseases: best care-
guaranteed treatment at office. $:, consulta-
tion free. 942 Post st.. bet. Hyde and *—
kln; hours 10 to 6. 7 to 8.
**?A. a : W ' ?"^>Nm:i.i. the world-renowned
ladles specialist: safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in San Francisco for years* treated
thousands of cases successfully; treatment at
home or In office; consultation free; success
guaixntd: hours 10 to 5. 7 to S. 10234 Market.
DRB. GOODWIN, well-known ladies' .pectailst"
formerly of 401 Van Ness aye. 1362 Market
has returned from Europe with improved
methods and advanced knowledge: cure at
office. $s; warranted: 15 years' successful prac-
tice In S. F. Office, 118 Eddy St., near Mason.
MEDICAL.
PRIVATE home for patients In confinement or
chronic diseases, with best possible care
MRS. DR. GWYER, HO Eddy St.. bet. Hyde
and Larkln. Office hours— 10 to 12. 2to 4 and
7 tO 8. *.>.;,
PRIVATE confinement home; sunny rooms-
best of care; nice garden; medicated steam
baths for ladles. DR. and MRS. WEGENER.
phone Pine 1781: res.. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. POPPER, ladles' physician for 37 years;
call on a physician with man's knowledge;
cure $5: consultation free. 31S Kearny st.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 122* Market; ladles 7
physician; chronic diseases treated: late sclen.
tlflc methods: cure guaranteed; treatment $3.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' physician. 1122 Mar-
ket St., bet. Mason and Taylor; guaranteed
treatment at offlce. $5: hours » a. m. to 5 p. m.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. IC?S Market St.; hours. 10
a. m. to 6 p. m ; at residence. 22S Van Ness
nve.. 6 to 9 p. m. : guaranteed treatment. $5.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. IUS Market
St.; every case guaranteed: $5 up.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MINES AND MINING.
W. F. ARAM, mining attorney, room 40. >tn
floor. Mills building. S. F. : teL Main (44.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engine*. M-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back ban. mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1013-1021-1023 Mission
ft., above Sixth.
AT less ttjitn cost: uncalled-for suits and
trousers to be bold at Charles Lyons', the
London Tailor, 721 Market st.
Caution— Be sure you no to the right store.
721 Market Bt.. In the History building.
Charles Lyons ha* nothing to do with any
other store In th* block, his name being In
full over the store (CHARLES LYONS).
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors.
bought, sold and exchanged IQM Mission st.
BOILERS, engine*, drill presses, planers. lathes,
Iron I wood; 2,1 han.l. J. BURKE. 139 B^ale.
AN OLD mast violin, worth $50, to be sold
now for $12 50. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
ALMOST new cash register for sale cheap. 31
Ninth st.
FOR Hale-New National cash register; latest
Improvements. 122-' Howard st.
A-WITHERBY wood lathe complete, almost
new; great bargain. EPSTEIN, 643 Mission.
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences: portable safety boxes;
specie chests, bullion safes, vaults etc. The
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market St.. S. F.. Cal.
FRESH snowballs— "T. Carr" and all brands
English fire brick, fire clay, brlckdust. S. It.
CHURCH. 207 Sansome St.; tel Main 5056.
I HOISTING engines, 3 steamers. I locomotives.
110 cars and all machinery used on Eureka
Breakwater. J. B. JARDINE. 220 Fremont.
EDISON Concert Phonograph, price reduced to
$100: concert records. $2 60. BACIGALUPI.
:>l3 Market St., San Francisco.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and told W. C BENTHAM. 111 Kearny st.
A-$3 CO DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. nr. Pine.
CLOSING out of 300 new and M hand heaters
and ranges; from $1 up. 213 Fourth st.
DRESS pants. $2 75; fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st.
FOR Christmas presents call on SORENSEN.
reliable jeweler. 103 Sixth St.. below Mission.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
BUYS, sells, rents gear machinery, boilers,
water pipe; new.2d-hnnd. Whttelaw.2l6 Spear.
DR. CREEL C. P. Worm Pills: by all drug-
gl?ts. or Dog Hospital. M 0 Golden Gate aye.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
BARS. counters.shelvlng.showcases bought and
■old KITtKN. 11!" M •- on- t»1. .le-. 1113.
3IISCELLANEOUS AVANTS.
WANTED— A water power milk shake ma-
chine. A. HROMADA. 224 Battery st.
WANTED— GoId quartz rock fit for Jewelry:
$22 per ounce for gold In it. 323 Bush st.. 3d
floor, room 4.
WANTED— To hire 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
STONE. Elmhurst.
LADIES' and children's cast-off dresses bought
and sold. J. Ellverman. 994 Folsnm. nr. 6th.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak- I
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without re-
moval: no commission; no delays. J. NOON-
AM, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above Sixth;
telephone South 14.
AVOID delays; try all others, then see me; $50 I
to $100,000: 6 per cent; Ist, 2d or chattel mort-
gages, estates In probate, undivided Interests In I
estates, legacies and mortgages bought; advice
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan, €36 Markt.
ANY proposition, any amount; C per cent; first, ]
i<eccnd mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, life Insurance; chattel
mortgages, -confidential: advice free. O. E.
OLSEN. room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
ANY amount at 6 per c.-nt; Ist, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages ami legacies bougnt; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. It. McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
Ft ; tel. Main 1644; Branch 19 Third st.
ON real estate. Ist or 2d mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 26 Montgomery st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HK.STHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price* for old gold, silver, diamonds.
-ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
On furniture and pianos without removal, quick '
servlc*; money direct: lowest Interest. Rooms :
68 and C 9. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
AT 126 Kearny. room J. respectable private place i
to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest !
rates; take elevator; tel. Davis 995.
$1000 TO loan on furniture and pianos at 2 per !
cent. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser MORRELL. 809 Examiner bldg.
TO salaried men; without collateral or Indorser
B. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs ■
any proposition. DRYDEN, 113 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need '
more money *,-■■ H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AGAIN we remind you that you should pur-
chase your medium and low-prim] pianos
where they can be exchanged for a Steinway
within three years and have full purchase
price allowed. We are selling new upright
pianos for $» per month, and some good
i'hiS* for $3. /4/ 4 and $5 per month SHER-
MAN, CLAY A CO.. Steinway Dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco-
corner Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
ARfOLUTELY the old ■ and largest house
«"« " JCJ C . h J c A K0 '" KOHLER A CHASE'S.
26 2S and $0 O'Farrell st. ; planoa. organs and
all ether musical Instruments of all grades ,
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy th«
customer.
K ;*£, BE L ?2 a , nnoo oL nn * w " cale : new «t>ie». koh-
LER A CHASE. 30 O'Furrell st.
ALL make* for a short time only
$4. »4. $4. $4. $4. $4 per month.
2 Chl.'kerlrf. - Stein ways. 1 Vose & Sons and
fifty other slightly used high and medium
grade pianos. ; special discounts for cash.
HEINE PIANO MFG. CO.. 133 Kills st.
ALL makes for a short time only.
t4 J4 14. U - »4. U per i.i, nth.
. < hlckerlngs, 2 Ftelnways. l Vose A Sons and
fifty ethers slightly used high and medium
erade pianos; store open evenings.
HEINE PIANO MFG. CO.. 136 Ellis st.
ANOTHER carload of the Decker baby up-
rights Just received: they are beauties and
have a tone that captivates everybody. MAU-
A IS. 7C9 Market st.
DECKER. Packard and Boothe pianos sold on
most reasonable terms at MAUVAIS". 769
Market st.
GOOD nd-hand pianos for sale and to rent
at MAUVAIS". 769 Market st.
AN elegant Btelnway, Hardman. Chase Bros,
and IV-. ker. excellent pianos: great bargains.
Room 12. Flood building. Fourth and Market.
GREAT ftlauchler sale of pianos on storage;
closing out lot of uprights SCO up: open even-
Ings. WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos; pilces reduced to insure prompt sales.
W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
OUR pianos have arrived; rented $3 per month.
Scott-Curtaz Piano Co.. SCO Hayes st.
UPRIGHT: almcst new: must sell: call be-
tWM-n 6 and 8 o'clock p. m. 2519 Sixteenth st.
WANTED Upright piano for cash. 11. L
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market st.
SOIIMER. Myron Mauzy and other pianos. 303
Post st.; open evenings.
CHEAP Decker uptight piano. In fine condi-
tion. 1012 Polk st. - .
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
WANTED-! square" "piano.. BYRON MAUZY.
308 Post st.
BEST bargain In th. city; ""j- 0 '"" " prlght:
very cheap. Call at 1131 McAllister at.
FINE Fischer A Steinway upright: sacrlfl'cd.
KIKFFE S. 1015 Van Nes« »™-. Pr - Geary st.
W. a BADGER. 412 Hacramentost. . ajtenl tfor
Francis Bacon and Hallett A Davis pianos.
GOOD upright piano, nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG'S. 211 McAllister st.
BARGAIN— Good upright; cheap. H<HMITZ, It
McAllister St.. next Hlbernla Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new 11.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 La tnam place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
18 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
KICKS AMI STORES —TO LET.
N\V. corner Baker and" Fulton; flne large stor*
with fixtures costing V*«. •'•' exceptional
opening for right party. G. 11. I'MUSKM A
CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
ELEGANT large store: 4 flne rooms In rear;
large dry basement; suitable for any business.
W3 Valencia «t.. und?r Hotel Dennlston. cor-
ner Twenty-flist: business center ■' Mission.
PALMISTRY.
HAVE your life read without a question or
mistake at your own home: engagements by
phone. Howard !C3. MRS. L.
••KUi»O.\A\3.
MANILA battlefields— Large, correct, beautiful
map; your soldier boy wants It lor Xmas:
don't t>e stingy! Sent everywhere on receipt
of $1. Pacific Publishing Co., r. 6CS. 927»Mar-
ket St.. S. F.. Cal.; agents wanted everywhere.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-»ove rugs, nllk portieres: dealer in
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
ratos. GEO. MATTHEWS. 703 Fifth, OaklanO.
LEDERER'S ilntonlra gave the beautiful
gloss to that head nf hair you admired so
much: 35c bottle. G. LEDERER. 12J Ktockton.
LEDERER does the hulrdrt-sslng of the town;
good work; small price. Sac; rwltches $1 up;
manicuring 25c: Foamo Shampoo 5c package:
try It. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
JOHN L. BOONE. I'atent Trademark
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St.. Laws a Specialty,
fnn Francisco, cal. American and Foreign
Send for circular. Patents Hcllclted.
FREE SITTINGS FOIt BUST CABINET
PHOTOS; no deposit: every Tuesday,
Wednesday and Thursday of this month at
M.vLKLLAND'S. 46 O'Farrell it
ELECTRIC i:.-iit In every room: Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market; 100 room*;
25c to II W per night; $1 M to $8 pa* week;
fit* "bus and bngg;ig- to and from the ferry.
50(/> CHRISTMAS trees: sizes and prices to suit
all: delivered; onler early. California Christ-
mas Tree Co.. s'J* Sacramento; tel. Main 1230.
PERSONS desiring to Invest In Nome mining
properties or lots should address box 1473.
Call offlce.
DOLL wigs made of human hair at La. Verlt*
parlors. 1140 Market St.; telephone Folsom 444.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market. bet. 7th and $th.
LEADING theatrical and masquerade cos-
turners; make-up and wigs; country orders »>>-
llclted. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Market st.
ARTISTIC halrdresslng. 2S<- shampooing. T.c;
halrdresslng and manicuring taught. Up-to-
I>at» Parlors. 1026 Market st.. over Wonder.
STAMMERING corrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN. A. M.. Ph.D.. mi Linden. Oakland.
A KLEIN boys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools and
old cold: send for htm. I" Sixth st.
ONLY store th: buys old gold. Jewelry an.l
cast-off clothing. COLEMAN'S. SC« Kearny.
BEST price for cast-off clothing and brlc-a-
brac. H. MARKS. 200 Third st.: send postnl.
PAINTING and paperhanglnr; rooms papereil.
$2 50 up. JEXSh.- «c BATH. 303 Sixth st.
HIRSUTINE CO., hair specialties, grow hair
or no [ay; book for stamp. 6 Kddy st.
INCRUSTATION— New Invention for china Arc.
orators. Se e S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansome st.
LACHMAN &. CO., mfrs. of flne furs and seal
jtarmei.t.-*: also remodeling. 104 Kearny st.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
In* rail on B. COHEN". 157 Third St.
WANTED- Old go!d for manuf-g. O. VOLTE,
Jeweler. 24< OFarrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any adilress In th*
United States or Canada one year for 11.
posmge ■■■■I
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
I FINEST and fullest stock; square steal and
rrompt service; country orders our specialty;
C 3 1 31 (* .."le fre» r I. r*rn"i •'•> . 73 H.-ini •t .
PHYSICIANS AM) BURGEONS.
DR. TOM KINS, formerly of 1244 Folsom st..
has lately returned from New York, where he.
graduated from the Lying-in Hospital, alao
liellevue Hospital, and now has his office
anil residence at 15.12H ward -•
HEAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
A. M. SPECK A CO.,
«•" MAIIKF.T ST.. OPP. KEARNT.
$120,000.
Downtown business corner, 13?:<xl37:(; stores)
and lodging houses above; rents $SUVO annually.
$100,000.
Ellis- st. corner; lOxU7; stores and 70 rooms;
will pay 7 per cent net.
$22,500.
Stores and Cats: modern: rents about $IVX)
yearly; lot MxMO feet. 2 frontages; cost $60,000.
$27,500.
Near Eddy and Jones sts.; store and M rooms
above; modern; pays 7 per cent net.
$35.00« L
Geary st., near Taylor; COxSO feet; no better
buy downtown.
$21,000.
Mission St.. near Third; lot 40x93; best bar-
gain on Mission it. to-day.
$12. 7)0.
Close to Market and Taylor sts. ; stores and
; fiats; CO feet front; rents about $100.
$3200.
Corner near Market St.: rents $1150 yearly;
1 store and flats; nearly new.
$75U).
Three new flats; vicinity Powell and Busk
. sts. ; rents $73.
$6CCO.
Post St.; 3 good flats; rents $«0: lot RUM feet.
$5500.
Lot 100x100 feet and cozy modern residence;
flne stable; warm belt Mission.
$1500.
Near Powell and Clay sts.: 3 flats: rents til.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. C«7 Market st.
SOL GETZ A BROTH
ROOM "A." « -ROCKER BUILDINO.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
The bond Issue Is sure to be elected. Buy a
Park lot before values go up.
We boucht our properties at low prices for
I cash. Profit by our Judgment and secure bar-
gains.
Sunset Heights lots, choicest and cheapest of
all. from $200 op. Call <■*! us before buying.
Easiest Installments.
$300 to $800— Richmond lots lower than ever.
$75 to $150— On Mlssion-st. car line and Oceaa
View lots. $5 monthly.
A few nice cottages and lots on Installments.
Branch office. Ninth avenue, near II st
open dally. Sunday Included. Call for macs
and diagrams.
SOL CETZ A BROTHER.
ROOM "A." CROCKER BUILDINO.
SOUTHEAST cor. Broadway and Jones: 47x80-
flne sheltered corner; magnificent view of
bay: must be sold on account of owner's,
death; brick foundation goes with lot- rcn-
venlent to cars; price $4ino. THOMAS MAGL'E
A SONS. 5 Montgomery st.
$10 REWARD for the arrest and conviction of
any person caught tearing ciwn our real es-
tate signs. GEORGE W. 11. PATTERSON
A. CO.. 170 C Market st. WJi
$23,000— FINK business property: good Income 7
Hats and stores. Owner, box 1228. Call.
FOR sale cheap— 3 2-story houses. In good cm-
dltlon; on 26th st.. near Howard. Mlts.
POHLKER. -»«o-
FOR sale— Cheap, new 2-story houses; 7 rooms-
latest improvement:;: Noe and Hill sts . near
Castro-st. cars: patent sidewalk.
$850 CITY poultry farm: go.-! cottage. 4 roomi
and lot: geese, chicken and duck housed
cement floors; nicely arranged; banks win
loan $750: a fortuna and home for t,j "l
month. Apply to P. A. DOLAN. 638 Market
$*40fr-MODEKN fc-room cottag* on bltumlni«rf
street; lot 25x130; also a large 7-room hous«
en Pierce st.. near Halght; bouses built to
»ult purchaser: easy terms Inquire on n-e»
l»et F NELSON builder P m '
IV you have lots north or Uolden Oate TariT
west on First aye . and you wish to sell th.»
rail on W J^OITNN. 410 Montgomery si^
CHEAPEST and best In America-The W M vT.
all. 18 pages, sent to any addre_i In Ml
United States, postpaid, for II per jstr ***nEAL. ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
AUCTION OF INVESTMENT, RESIDENCE
... „ A , Nri I'N'IMPROVED PROPERTY.
A. SALr.SROOM 14 MONTGOMERY BT.
MONDAY. DECEMBER 1L ISJ9.
At 12 o'clock Noon.
A. LAYER ESTATE
ADMINISTRATORS SALE.
. r arl J aye - sn - " n<> . 1~ * '«"*» Wt City Rail
court. • ~* 10 °: »übj»-ct to confirmation by the
ELLEN McNAMARA ESTATE.
BXGCOTOR'a SALE.
Nc. tor. Green an.l Montgomery sts.: old
«" rrovemrnu; lot CS:?xCS:9; tubject to coanr-
tnation by the court.
MARGARHT HHIXIPAT ESTATE.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
No. 1.
yJSSi, ror - H»lEht an.l Ptelner rts.; S-story
ri-..<11n» corner contains store, with concrete
r..5.-ment anl 2 ur>j>er flsom of g rooms, bath;
f • lmn •■ f ' ir >' buy-window houws adjoining,
lot E£ r *°^»*' l>alJl> e * cll J rents 1120 per month;
!Co. 2.
D Fifth »t.. SW. Ur.e. bet. Howard and F01-
... '• "I 0*""*0 *""* and flat of 5 ruoras and bath; rent*
*»»> p*r month; lot £sxBo.
No. 3.
ITSI Mnrket «.. SE. line, adjacent tn Junction
<"T Market and Valencia sts.; 2 mores and flat
1 . roonm«. with 2 houses tn rear of 2 and 6
rooms each; lit S»:ll'4xi:;. running through to
»"'ar etrrrt.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
ICS. H*7. US? and 1441 McAllister ft., near
Bern; 4 bay-window flats of 6 and 7 rooms and
Kith «ach: nnts 1110 per month; brick founda-
j'^ n ' Cttn '' llt *>'*Jk. and street accepted; lot SOx
IVHPTERN ADDITION FLATS.
25 Lloyd st., rear Waller and Devtsadero: S
buy-window flats of 0 rooms and bath each;
nnts Ijo tfr month; brick foundation, etc.;
rtreet accepted: let isxitw.
MISSION RESIDENCE.
7T« Gvrn-ro n., W. side, near Twer.tletU;
my- window house of 10 rooms and bath, newl*
rinovaieii; »tr«-«-t accepted: lot r.9xlCs.
REFEREE J-ALE IN PARTITION.
Tf 5*5 * » following properties, by crder cf J. C.
Cu*i:n. Martin Stevens and John S. Rolhi. rr-f-
?rr r 5- , ( Jl*urtce L. Ather. attorney for referees,
tCJ Calif oala «.;
. FTV - «■<■"■. Sansnme and Greenwich sts.: Ml
mijTovements; rent tin per month; lot 65:9x117:6.
No. :.
US. £29 and 2T2 Lexington aye. (Stevenson *t);
<■ houses of 6 rooms and bath each: rents |il
r*-r month; itrwt accepted; let r*x7\
No. I.
w l^" Pi . l \ :o - "• 4L «*• «• 47 •«« "» «n
r-<vk 4 of Garden Tract Homestead Assocla-
tlsa; lets 2x120 each.
No. 4.
t, l>J« :. : - x. 4 - 8 - «• : «- :5 - "«• " : > X- ». B. S3-
M £6. M S.. 3S. t». 4 r >. 41. -42. 45. 46. 47 and 4$
• lr. block 5 rf Garden Tract Homestead Associa-
tion; lets 25x120 each.
No. 5.
. I> " u lto v - both Inclusive, la block «of Gar
<3<a Tract Homestead Association.
No. «.
Lett 1 to 34, both Inclusive, also that portion
cf block en H. cor. cf Sun Bruno and Paul
ayes fE. lL2:fcS. SW. 75. NW. M:11V N. 31. 6>,.
Jr. block 7. Garden Tract Homestead Associa-
i' i..
No. '..
LctJa the town cf CaSpella, Mendaeino Coun-
• s '-i »„• c '" r Jark *^ »«d Second sts.. In block
1; lot COOxJDO; s frontages.
No. S.
ALAMEDA COUNTT.
IISI Park aye .. bet. San Jose and San Lnto-
r.:o avrs.. Alarr.eda; house of " rooms and bath-
rr.t Xl s*r month; lot DC>xli6:4.
No. 8.
All of Sectlca :. ia Township C South. lUnge '
I* Last. Mount Diablo ba*e and meridian. 0 n-
t.-;.r..n« 60 arrea. more rlas* all situate partly
In the county or Madera aad partly ta the
county rf Fresno.
Xtr r , fu H h '', r .»l',^ rtlra! » r * 'rrlr at cur cfflce.
G. H. UMHSEN & CO., Auctioneers.
14 Montgomery st.
A WEEKS news for 5 cenu-The Weekly CalL
m It z*.K**. In wrapper, for mailing, II per year!
HKAJ ESTATE— CUI.> TRY — For >ale
FOn IT.O (S ca»a) 10 acres In wheat -""lwTor
|MO; Urn at $5; -» to 2000 In wheat at 112 u
M. CKIFFIN. ?I> Market, near rl* tunaing!
Hot. Ms I ..It HOI »l hl.i;n\i,.
A BRANCH ofn. * for the reception or adrar-
tiMsr.rnu and subscriptions has been opaoad
at u:i Pclk st.; cpen until 9 p. m.
ASH aye.. EE r j— Large ur.furslshed room, with
uk rf furnished kitchen; »6.
4»'LAY. :42L near Flllaore— 2 large uafuraUhed
root yard; water; rear; rest (7.
CI.EMKNTINA. 707—2 tunny frcnt rooms for
houK keeplnj; laundry and bath.
iXLIs. ICS<4— Larr* froat room, furnished; rea-
ror.aLle.
FIFTH. 2. 4— a COST' rumlshod houeekeep-
ir.g n >tr«. t'.i: «J»o single ros, IS. tl and {7. i
you rer.t — Partly furnlshM housekeeping
rooSM; also ether rooms. 2C Hyde st.
GEARY. 154 — Bunny front room furnished. 110-
with kitchen. |:«; co children.
tiUERRCRO. iT4— FuraUhed housekeeping ,
rocsi*.
IIATUS. 13«. ccr. Van Ness — Front sunny un- '
furnlthed rocm. >S; al»o single furnished. |6.
Ji'.tkir.. 476—2 ■unny front rooms; neatly fur-
r.ikhcj for housekeeping;.
!
NATOMA. C2— Two furnished rooms for house- ■
keeping; H.
J'OLK. 717— Two furnished housekeeping rooms
«:ih bath.
—^.^_^_ I
)tr»-"S. US— 2 or 3 hou»eke»;)lnjr rooms, com-
pl»t«M>- furalfched: sunny »lde the street; reat
r»»crAb:«: parties without children.
THIIAMA. 44—2 front housekeeping rooms.
TfHAMA, £31— Two sunny rooms furnished for
hfUM k*.-;.ir.g; stationarj' tubs and bath.
TURK. 143- Large font room complete for
housfkeeplnc; g«s and bath; $2 60 per week. ;
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subsrrtptlons
r»eeiv«a «t Call branch o'flc*. 22 • Fl'.lmir* su
A r.RANCH Bee for Call advertisements and
rut*crtptlor.s has been established at th«
tiCrthwt-st corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tuiky nrxets. Open until » p. m.
nOOJIS TO ii — Inrn. and 1 Bfnrs,
A — BUUNFWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth- Rooms
IV to II i-t r.lßfct: »1 25 to tl per week, and I
light huut.kee;<ing; open all right.
A DItANCH office for the reception of advert
UK"rti«ni» and subscriptions i.»-- been opened
at lil'J Polk »t.; open until » p. m.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Hrmelike house: modem »eriice; elevator;
t*th; rooms tOe to tl tM day. MRS. J. KINO.
BtTRNETX 142« Market Told~Na 1254)-Fur~
r.:»r:»-! rrr.» . m!ti-«, rlr.c>; also unfurnished.
CAHROLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate '
ave.— J-unny comer; well •n: ran. & offices.
CLASSIFIED advrrttnements and subscriptions
recened at Call branch office. 2loy nilmore st.
l:i<!'Y. 471-I-arte »-rtKht ►unny room; well
• furnished; two dorets; chear.
1.1.1. ;> US— Large Funny room; rultabl* for 1
gentlemen ; everything new.
FIFTH 121— Front rooms, from II to '• 50 per
week; cl^an, respectable; all sunny.
riLLMOKE, IM6. cor. lah Large front cor.
room: furn. or vinfurn. ; pun. gas. grate, bath.
FOURTH. r22i»— Nicely furnished ruany bay-
window and single rooms; reasonable; quiet.
I'l J-.N !.-Mi.: • rooms from II a week up by a
tingle wrnian. 17 Verona st.
<;i:ai«y KC^— Furnished room for working per-
rob; reat 14
GIRARD 11 ••••■-■..: Seventh— Sunny furnished
rooms; day or werk; reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN -Southeast cor. Seventh
and Mls»lon *ts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading room; elevator.
GRANT aye.. 217, cpp. Samuels' lace house— En 1
suite or fftncle; very reasonable.
JIANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— Select family
rooming house; 11 60 to II per week.
HOWARD. 715—200 sunny rooms: nicely fur-
tilthcd; every convenience; electric light*.
JIOWARD. O— Clean, respectable. Be to 11 par
. night: from fl per wrek to U. Howard car
to the door. -■
LEAVEN WORTH. 40S. near Ellis— Fine eunny
rKimtolrt.
MARKET. 1122— Two light front rooms suitable
for living or office.
MASON, til— I^arge runny front room, rrat*.
pas; aIM single; private family.
McAIXISTER, IM4- Large furnished room:
large cloi«et; gas: hot. cold water; rent IS.
MINNA. «C 7. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay- window room, II per week; transient.
OFARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and '
offices; elevator: electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
It'^nnALE. 221 Ellis, nr. Taylor— loo rogmsi
::.c a nlKlit; II a week; transient.
li'iY.M. II iuse, 121 Ellis n.— lnran.Jesc«-nt light,
r<*ding-room rmoklng-room and ladles' par-
lor; moms, per night. 85c to II 50; week. 12 to
I- •:•!). |s to ISO; elevator on of flea floor;
rooms with hot. cold water; baths.
CHERMAN At'urUneat House. 2S Eighth »v.
_near Market -Furnished and anfurnlshed.
TATL< iR. 601—2 elegantly furnished rooms; sin-
gle and double; gents only: 11! and 16.
THE Oaks. JU Thlrd-A good roomiag-house
for Kood pet'Ple. R. HUGHEa. Proprietor.
t, S. 4 rfICELY furnished ■ ms; rent to suit
tenant. Ai»ply 2C6 Kixteenth st.
A BRANCH 1 ■:::.-« for Call advertisements and
■•!-iiut* tas been astaUlabad at 1094 Va-
lencia »L *-^J
ROOMS WASTED.
WANTED- By young man. single room; cen-
tral; Protestant family; full particulars and
price. Address box 1414. Call office^
WANTED- By young man. single room; cen-
tral. Protestant family; full particulars and
Irioe. Addr«» box 1414. Call office.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADIES-C^lTh^sTe^e^ngTlsjrPennjToyal Pills
»re the best; safe, reliable} take no other;
•end 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladli-s." in letter by return r.jall; at drug-
KlMs. Chlchester Chemical Co.. i I iladel.. Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for 14: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
<]' Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10: tel. 10.
M vmm, MACIIIXE9 AIVD SUPPLIED
*2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 14S Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, soi «. exchanged, rented: re.
pairing at lowest rMe«. 20. Fourth St.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office 4fll Post St.. cor. Powell: tel. Main S7lB.
WATCH REPAIKI.NG.
\VATOHES cleaned 75c: guaranteed - years.
The Ttoy Jewelry and <"Vr>t!<-«1 Co.. MO Kearny.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA ROOMS.
FURNISHED housekeeping rooms; JS and 110
per month; neat and sunny; also furnished
flat. 1111 Santa Clara aye.
ALAMEDA ROOMI AXD BOARD.
HOME for ladies In delicate health; large
grounds: rrivate. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 141* Sth.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
LOt"4?xl32:S ft. en Carltnn st . bet. McGee aye.
and Calais St.; ureet sewered; lot surveyed;
small cabin; cuth, ■:.
: ELEGANT »-room colonial homes adjacent
University 0/ Cal.; Just completed; porcelain
bath, finished In natural wood: all modern
conveniences: sunny frontage; terms if de-
»lred. M. L. v-I'RTS. 17th & B'way, Oakland.
TW(» flats— ]f> rooms: modern; near station: S
minutes to University: price 12500; easy terms.
FREESE & ! 'IN"C,T< iN. Berkeley Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
»:•© CASH. $S DO monthly till paid for; chicken
run 150x?T6 feet; tandy loam soil; plenty of
good water; level land; site, climate and soil
the best; no foes nor cold winds; 3 buildings
now completed; Westall Tract, adjoining East
Oakland; close to electric car line. 90-foot
boulevard and f.ne school; price, all told, $390.
Call or s^nd for circular. 455 Seventh St.. near
ever. Broadway. Oakland; carriage free.
HENRY 7a JONES, owner.
4 ELEGANT houses In course of construction
en Sid ad bet. Grove and West; 2 completed;
all modern Improvements; street work, side-
walks done; small payment down; balance
me.nthly If desired: houses open for Inspection
1« to 4 Sundays. J. H. SIMPSON. 515 10th st.
FOR sale— lol feet on Market. 11« on Twentieth.
FM Forty-fifth st . Oakland.
OAKLAND lIHMTIRK FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Shellhaas, the
' furniture dealer. nth and Franklin. Oakland.
I»l\ll»"-M> XOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE.— Dividend No. 10 (16c per
share) of the PAAUHAC SUGAR PLANTA-
TION COMPANY will be payable at the office
of the company. 327 Market street, on and j
after Monday. P/ec«-mber 11, MM. Transfer
books will close on Tuesday. December B. 1899. ;
at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. RTTELDOX. Secretary.
LEGAL. ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of San Francisco. State of California.— ln the
matter of Occidental Beet Sugar Company, a .
corporation, upon Its application for a Judg-
ment of dissolution.— Notice No. 70.422.
ties Is hereby given that OCCIDENTAL
BEET SUGAR COMPANY, a corporation or- '
ganized i nd existing under and by virtue of
the laws if the State of California, and hav-
ing Its ofUce and place of business In the city
and county of San Francisco. State of Cali- I
fornia, his filed a verified application ad- '
dressed to the Superior Court of the city and
county of San Francisco, State of California,
which application Is signed by a majority of
the Board of Directors, praying for a Judg- i
ment of dissolution of said corporation, and |
that Friday. December 22nd. IS»9, at 10 o'clock
a. m.. at the courtroom of said court, De-
partment Number Two. In the City Hall of ■
the City and County of San Francisco, have
been appointed as the day. time and place for
the hearing of eald application.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed the official seal of said Su-
perior Court, this 20th day of November. 1891. '.
IFeall WM. A. DEANE. Clerk.
By JOSEPH RIORDAN. Deputy Clerk.
Endorsed: Filed November 20. 1891. WM. '
A. I 'FANE. Cleik. By JOSEPH RIORDAN,
Deputy Clerk.
MARRIAGE LICENSES. ~
Marriage licenses hare been Issued as follows:
Mokes P. Martignoll and Antolnetta Corda.26-lS
Herbert E. Legge and Gertrude Atthowe.. 26-22 |
I George C. Baldwin and Alice G. L.lb . 31-27 !
Jes;wr Jensen an ' Johanna Korutved . 41-26
Frank Arteche and Amalla Znvala ls-20
<J«rhanl Jannsen and Dorothea Kanii S2-24 k
Johr.Fon O. Newson and Mary A. Gleeson.. 33-24 ;
J.i:i.- - A. Craven and HUStI M. Jensen. .l'7-27
Joseph B. . ■•. I and Freda 9. Sylvei-ter.:..33-27
' BIRTHS — MARRIAGES—
Birth, marrige and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at em.. 1- of the t'Ubllcatlon offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
! sons authorized to have the came published.
BORN.
HAYDEN— In this city. December 6.-1599, to
the wife of Joseph D. Hnyden. a daughter.
MARRIED.
ADOLPHPON— OLSON— In this city. December
I, 1K:<». by the Rev. F. A. I>oane. Gustav A.
Adolphson and Hilda Olson, both of San
Franrlsco.
BINDHH-PAULSEN— In thla city. December
8. Ui*. by the Rev. J. M. Buehler. Charles
Binder and Anna Paulsen
GEROME— FARRELL— In Sacramento. Cal.,
November 20. IW9. by the Rev. R. J. John-
ston. Harold Gerume and Mrs. Emma Farrell,
both of San Francisco.
MILLER— ENGEL-In this city. December 5.
lt>tt>. by the Rev. F. W. Fischer. Louis Miller
and LouUa C. Engel. both of San Francisco.
RAB4>-FIEX— In this city, December 5. 1899,
by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Charles Rate and
Mary Flex.
eCHUYLEIt-MeKENZIE— In this city, Decem-
ber «. US"9. by the Rev. F. A. Doane, Eugene
Pchuylcr of Lompoc. Santa Barbara County
i cal. and Annie McKenrle of Han Francisco.
DIED —
Bateman (Infant) McMann. John E.
B<>gan. CaM James Maloney. James J.
Bradley, Maggie MHninger. Fannie '
I»p Sal»s*t. Ernest P. Mltchel. Mrs. E
Edmonton. Jonathan Perkins. Esther
Oantei «"harles A. Poland. Kate M
Granger. Farley B. Roberts. Emma L.
llfw. Edwin L. Roebeti. Anna C.
Hunt, Jetinle A. Pohcr, Joseph L.
Jones, Capt. R. B. Soura, Mary
Lynch. Daniel F. Spring, Anna
McGreevy. Anaetas!) Sullivan. Jeremiah
HA I K.MAN In this city. December 6. 1K39 ln-
l.int daughter of Dr. F. L. and Marie Bate-
niiin. agt-d 1 month.
ITTFuneral and Interment private.
BOOAN-At sea, November 27, :-..j, Captain
James )i<.«an, beloved husband of Wlnefred I
Bogan. and brother-in-law of Mrs. Eliza I
, erald. a native of Coun y W»iford. Ire- I
land, aged 4» years. A member of Occidental
lxMige No. «. A. O. U. W.. of Oakland i
C7"Fr)en<ls and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<Friday\ at 10 o'clock, from his late real. ,
dence. K5O Filbert street, thence to St. Fran- '
cis Church for services at 10:30 o'clock In- I
terment Holy Croos Cemetery.
'ROHDE-ln this city. December 6. UM Hans
Johann. beloved husband of Margarethe
Rohde, and father of Peter, F. Reinhoid.
Hans W. and Ernest Rohde. Mrs. W n eM '
Mrs. Christine Warnke.Mrs. H. v Mlchaclls
Mrs. George Hanerken. Mrs. Oscar Dittmer
and Mrs. Henry Muller. a native of Schulp.
Holsteln. Germany, aged TS years 4 months
an.l 2 days.
ICTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
BRADLEY— In this city. December 5. 1593
Mangle, beloved daughter of Michael and
Maggie Bradley, a native of San Francisco,
aged 4 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of the i.an-nts, 420 Hrannan street, between
Third and Fourth. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flannagsn * Gall%che-).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMOALMER3,
Hi Fifth St.. opposite L ncjln bcbool.
Telephone Sou-U SO. •'-•_ -^.
IHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 7. 1899.
DE SAISSET— In San Jose. Cal.. December 4.
1599, Ernest Pierre, son of Mr. and Mrs.
Pedro de Salsset, a native of San Jose, Cal.,
aged 35 years.
1T ,7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
♦Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence. 243 South Market street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church at 9:30 o'clock, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul. Interment at Santa Clara.
EDMONSON— In this city, December 6, 1899.
Jonathan E. Edmonson. a native of Massa-
chusetts, aged 67 yearc.
CTNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of a. W. Martin & Co.. lIS
Geary street.
QANTER-In this city. December 4. 1899.
Charles a. Gamer, beloved husband of Julia
A. Ganter, a native of New York, aged 39
years and 2 months. (New York paper*
plea copy.)
CXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. B Godeau. 305 Montgomery avenue. In-
terment National Cemetery.
GRANDER— In Alvarado. December J. 1899.
Farley B. Granger, father of Mrs. E. E.
Chase and Farley B. Jr. and Clarence A.
Granger, a native of New York, aged 70 years
and IS d::-
ETFuneral this day (Thursday), at 10
o'clock, from his late residence, the River-
side Hotel.
HESS— In this city. December 4. 1599. Edwin
Lee, beloved husband of Frances HeEs, a na-
tive of New York, aged 69 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 321 Eureka street, between Twentieth
and Twenty-first. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. ,• • ■
HUNT— In Monterey. December 3. 1599. Jennie
A . beloved wife of William Hunt, a native
of Cincinnati. Ohio, aged 39 years and 9
months.
JONES— At sea, on board the British steamer
Glenogle. November 23, 1&99, Captain R. B.
Jones, late master of the steamer Glenogle,
a native of Liverpool, aged 55 years.
LYNCH-In this city. December 5. 1899, Daniel
■ F , beloved husband of Lizzie Lynch, son of
John and Ellen Lynch, and brother of Charles
Lynch. Mrs. A. Boto and the late Michael
Lynch, a native of Boston, Mass., aged 37
years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. M Sycamore avenue, off Valencia
street, between Seventeenth and Eighteenth,
thence to sUsateß Dolores Church, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrr.ted for
the repose of his soul, commencing at i
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McGREEVY— In this city. December 5. 1999.
Anastasla Agnes, dearly beloved wife of
Charles V. McGreevy. daughter of Michael
Wall, sister of Delia and Thomas Wall, and
niece of Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Brown and
Patrick Wall, a native of Ireland, aged 23
years 11 months and 10 days. (New York pa-
pers please copy.)
Z. Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 3SS3 Twenty-sixth street, thence to
St. Paul's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 5 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
MeMANN— In this city. November 25. 1599, John
Edward, dearly beloved son of Mrs. Mary
and the late John, and brother of Mary
MMann and the late Mrs. Henry Goetz. a
native of San Francisco, aged 37 years 2
months and 9 days.
C7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Valente. Marinl * Co.. 1524 Stockton street,
near Union. Interment Holy Cross cemetery.
MALONEY-In the French Hospital. December
8, 1599. James J. Maloney. . beloved son of
David and Dolla Maloney. and brother of
Thomas F., Patrick H.. Michael W., John D.
and Hill* Maloney and Mrs. John Scannell.
a native of County Clare, Ireland, aged 4S
years and 2 months.
C Funeral to-morrow (Friday), from St.
John's Church. Napa, where a high requiem
mass will be said for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment private,
Tulocay Cemetery. Napa. Remains at the
parlors of J. S. Godeau.
MEININGER— In New York. November 25. 1599.
Fannie, beloved wife of B. L. Meinlnger. a
native of San Francisco, aged 27 years 2
months and 25 days.
E7"Frlends an* respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Friday), at 10
o'clock, from the funeral parlors of Porter &
WhUe. 122 Eddy street.
MIT'-HKI. In this city. December 4, 1E99. Mrs.
Elizabeth Mltchel. a native of Plctou. Nova
Scotia, aged 50 years.
t/ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her cousin, S. P. Fraser, 2031 Lacuna
!-!rl«t.
PERKINS— In Alameda. December .6. ISM.
Esther, beloved daughter of Charles C. and
Mary Perkins, and sister of Maud, Charlie
<; Eva and Llllte Perkins, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 23 years and 12 days.
POLAND— In this city, December 6. 1559. at
her residence. Sl9 Shotwell street, Kate M..
beloved wife of Frank S. Poland, and daugh-
ter of Mrs. Rose Ila&sen, a native of East
Cambridge, Mass . aged 47 years.
CTNntlce of funeral hereafter.
ROBERTS— In this city. December B. IS9».
Emma L., heloved wife of B. F. Roberta,
and mother of William and Martin Boradorlc.
a native of Pennsylvania, aged 40 years 11
months and 27 dgvx
C ?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1411 Kansas street. Interment Cypress
I«i»n Cemetery by carriage.
ROEBEN— In Alameda. Cal . December 6. ISM.
Ann* Catherine Roeben. widow of the late
George D. Roeben. and beloved mother of
Henry O. Roeben, Mrs. Annie C. Sap:: Mre.
Hugo Fugel. Mrs. J. A. Norton, Mr*. Louis
W. Schroeder. Mrs. Henry Paul and George
A. and Lena Roeben, a native of Rlngstedt,
Hanover, Germany, aged 77 years and 10
days.
C7" Friends and acquaintances arc respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 11:30 o'clock, from the. residence
of her daughter, Mrs. Loata W. Schroeder, 640
Central avenue (Webster-street station). Ala-
meda, Cal. Interment Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery. San Francisco. •
SOHER— In this city. December 5. 1899. Joseph
L Boher, beloved son of the late Dr. Lewis
and Celia O. Soher, and brother of Caroline
Iversen, Louisa Hunt, Miriam Paturel and
Adolph, Emlle, Harry and Augusta Soher, a
native of San Francisco, aged 21 years 4
months and 9 days.
6OUZJV— In Oakland, December 6. 1599, Mary,
beloved wife of Charles Souza, and mother of
Charles. Frank. Mary and Annie Souza, a
native of Azores Islands, aged £2 years.
SPRING— In this city. December E. 1599, Anna
Spring, dearly beloved wife of John Spring.
and mother of Minna Spring, a native of
Switzerland, aged 49 years.
C rFt lands and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 7:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Com-
pany, * and 10 City Hall «quare, thence to
St. Boniface's Church. Golden Gate avenue,
near Jones street, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repoee
of her soul, commencing at 8 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery by carriage.
SULLIVAN— In this city, December 4, 1599.
Jeremiah H , beloved husband of Annie Sul-
livan, and father of Frank and Leo Sulli-
van, a native of County Cork. Ireland.
C 7" Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 243 Jessie street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the reposo of his soul,
at 9 o'clock.. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
THE monthly requiem high mass for the de-
ceased members of St. Dominic's Church
Building Association, and for the parents and
relatives of living members, will be sung In
St. Dominic's Church this day (Thursday).
at 9 o'clock
GREYHOUNDS SHOW
SPORT ON THE FIELD
Continued on Fourth Prure
vs. J. L. Roes' .1 L R; J. Dean's Gallant vs.
Sterl it Knowles' Sleety Mist; T. J. Cronln's
Thornhlll vs. Geotve Burfelnd's Pastime; J. v.
Cardlnall's Thornhlll Comet vs. Connell Bros.'
Clover: Curtis & Son's McKlnley vs. Connell
Bros.' Log Boy; F. L. Nichols' Anna raj. Curtis
& Son's Commodore; Hartals Bros.' Beer
Brewer vs. F. A. McComb's Royal Flush;
Maher & Reid's T'nrle Fuller vs. J. J. Ed
monds' Morning Glory; Maher & He-id's Pat
Retlly vs. D. Winder's Random Aim: Connell
Bros.' Good Bye »* Maher &. Reid's Bad Boy;
F. L. Nichols' White vs. J. Charlton's Dolly
Vard«-n. F. Moran's False Flatterer vs. J. 11
I'«rtjr"'s Controller; T. J. Cronln's Wild Tralee
vs. Curtis it Ron's Vanity Fair; J. Hurley's 0
K. Capitol vs. J. Dean's Gladiator; J. I.
Thrift's Grasshopper vs. A. J. Kemp's Signal;
Dr. Leonard's Master Lawrence vs. I). Chella's
Golden Russet; Connell Bros.' Senorlta vs. R.
L. Taylor's Beauty Spot; J. H. Harrison's Hot
Haste vs. J. H. PerlKo'B Laay i>avenport; Cur
tis & Son's Vulcan vs. Handy & Smith's Ida;
Curtis & Bon's Luxor vn. F. H. Nlchol's Lear
Kins: E. * R. Scott's Lord Byron vs.. M. Lon
don's Bharkey; M London's Magneto vs. J.
Cone's Red Glen; Krwln A Lyon's Sliver Wines
vs. Panha Kennels' Re-Annex; (Jus Abercrom
ble's Victor King vs. J. Kerrlßan's Conqueror:
Handy & Smith's Jennie Wilson vs. Hall &
Newell's Rough Rider. R. K. de B. Lopet's
Wanda vs. Erwln & Lynn'* May Queen; Gus
Abercromble's Rock Island King vs. F. A. Mc-
Comb's Motto; George Hharman's Wait a Lit
tle vs. F. C. Mack's Delia M; Panha Kenneis'
Emln Pasha vs. W. Cramer's Jesse Moore; P.
Doyle's Wild Monarch vs. J. Dennis' October
Woodcock; R. E. dc B. Lopez's Whltehead vs
R. E. de B. L"i"-ii Sara; J. Perry's Commo
dore Nash vs. 11. F. Anderson's Crawford
Braes; D. Winder's Risky Attempt vs. Gub
Abercromble's Irma; J. P. Thrift's Brutus vs.
F. L. Nichols Net; F. A. McComb's One
Spot vs. Gus Abercromble's Rock Island Boy-;
I>. McLauchlln's Admiral Dewey vs. Sterl &
KnowletT Frosty Morn; I). J. Healey's Maori
Land vs. Curtis & Son's Narcissus: Curtis &
Son's Cash vs. R. L. Taylor's ItOMi Pasha
Kennels' .Royal Anne v«. Curtis & Son's Cava
lier: J. Coleman's Norman vs. Sterl & Know lea'
O'Hara; Hall & NeweM's Pundits vs. J. I>ick
*on's Black Bess; J. M Halton's Lavender vs.
H. .Van der White' Cyrano. • • ;
NEW TREATIES TO
INCREASE TRADE
France Secures Reduc
tions in Duties.
SpeclaJ Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 6.— The reciprocity
treaties negotiated during the congres
sional recess were transmitted to the Sen
ate to-day and in the executive session
weie ordered printed and referred to the
< '..mmlttee on Foreignßelations. The most
important of these treaties is that he
on the detinue book. A short time aft
n dpRM al reductions of tariff rates. The
terms of this and the other treaties are
not yet officially pub.Me, either by the
Staii Department or U.e Senate, but It Is
understood the French treaty Items are
substantially as follows:
Reductions allowed France— Alcoholic per
fumery, toilet water, etc.. 10 per cent; coal tar
dyes or colors, 20 per cent; glue, 10 per cent;
glycerin, 10 per cent: olive oil, 15 per cent;
paints, colors and varnishes, 10 per cent; pot
ash In various forms, 10 per cent; medical prep
arations, 10 per cent: cosmetics, etc., without
alcohol, 10 per cent; soap. 10 per cent; soda and
compounds, 10 per cent; bricks, tiles, etc., 10
per cent, cement, 10 per cent; glass bottles, 15
per cent; cut glass bottles, decanters, etc., 5
per cent; window glass, 10 per cent; spectacle*.
eyeglasses, etc., 10 per cent; opera glasses,
magnifying glasses, 10. per cent; cutlery. 10 per
cent; nails, spikes, tacks, needles, li per cent;
tinsel braids, galloons, etc.. 5 per cent; metallic
pins, not gold, 10 per cent: penholders. 10 per
cent; watch and clock movements. 15 per cent;
other metal articles not otherwise speclrted. 10
per cent; wooden furniture, 10 per cent: maca
roni, vermicelli, etc.. 10 per cent; vegetables,
prepared or preserved, 10 per cent; plants,
6eeds, etc., 10 per cent; preserved fruits. If per
cent; prunes, 10 per cent; nut.-«, 20 per cent;
chicory, roasted or ground, D per cent; liquors,
10 per cent; mineral waters, 20 par cent; cotton
goods, mixed with silk. 5 per cent; cotton cloth.
5 per cent; plash and cotton velvet, 50 par cent;
cotton stockings, 5 per cent; cotton suspenders,
5 per cent; shirts, liars and cuffs, 10 per cent;
cotton lace. I per cent: linen lace, 10 per cent;
linen handkerchiefs. 10 per cant; linen weav
ing*. 10 per cent; woolen hats. 10 per cent; silk
goods under schedule L. 5 per cent; copying,
blotting, sensitive papers, etc.. 10 per cent; en
velopes, 10 per cent: blank books. 10 per cent;
albums, 10 pel cent; imitation Jewelry. 10 per
cent: draw braid for hats. 10 per cent, brushes.
10 per cent; buckles, 10 per rent; buttons. 5 per
cent; toys, 20 per cent; fans, 10 per cent; Jew
elry. i 0 per cent: gloves, except gloves called
Dschen." 10 per <vnt; amber articles. 15
per cent; articles of -bone. 15 per nt; articles
of Ivory or mother of pearl. IS per cent; musical
Instruments, It per cent; plr.es and smoker*'
materials, 15 per cent. Sparkling wines receive
the i-.t:;..- benefits accorded to other European
countries.
The reductions allowed the • United
States are understood to comprise all the
articles of the French minimum tariff list,
with ho following exceptions: Horses,
stallions, mares and colts, eggs, cheese,
butter, honey, clover seed and luzerne,
sugar, chicory root, feed, type porcelain
cardboard, tanned hides, leather solos,
boot and shoe uppers, boots and shoes,
belting, dynamo electric machinery, ma
chinery tools, parts of dynamos and elec
tric machines^
The reciprocity treaties negotiated with
Great Britain are four in number, for Ja
maica, Guayara. Barbados* and Bermuda,
the Trinidad treaty having been with
drawn. In the main the concessions to
the colonies are on food products, while
reductions on manufactures, flour, etc..
are understood to be the chief advantages
given to the United States.
MILLER AND
WALLER YET
IN THE LEAD
Six-Day Bicycle Race Re
solves Itself Into a Succes
sion of Sprints. •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. Miller, the six
day champion, with his teammate, Wal
ler, was still one lap in the load at Madl- i
son Square garden at midnight to-night.
going at a twenty-mile-an-hour gait. Tho
Canadian team, Maya-McEachern, was
s> cmd ln the race, one lap ahead of Glmm
and Fierce. At that hour Miller and
Waller had 1416 miles and plrlu laps to
their credit and were 141 miles ahead of
the rrcord, though not quite up to what
had hf-en expected. Eight teamc were
then riding out of the nineteen teams
that had started, and Walthour, the
p. .nfh-rn champion, and Aronson. the
9\v«.de, wore in the contest, riding out for
Individual honors.
At 6 o'clock to-night Pierce moved into
first place in individual scores, owing to
the absence of Walthour from the track.
He did not hold the place long, for Wal
thour easily regained his position when
be i\irri» back.
Walthour was setting the paco at 8
o'clock and it was very. fast. Tiring of
this, he decided to drop back, and per
mit the others to pass, riding high up on
the bank. Several of the leaders. Instead
of going ahead, followed Walthour up
the incline and a spill was the inevita
ble result. Waller, Glnun and Stinson hav
ing bad falls. IfcEachern, ever alert,
piloted himself through the crowd and
with tcrriflc speed whirled around the
oval, making a full lap gain. H. kept on
his rapid pace and was half-way around
again with two laps gained on Gimm and
Fierce, placing him one lap ahead of thorn
before the others were able to tack on
and hold him from further gains. Wal
ler made a brave effort to make up the
lost ground, but was unable to do so.
llabcock then came on to relieve Stln
sin. his teammate, and, fresh from his
rest, he shot out ahead of the others,
gaining a lap. His riding was superb and
tlu- crowd cheered wildly.
Mill, was the next man to come on
fresh. He relieved Waller and then there
was more fast riding. He failed, how
ever, In his effort to get back the lap
gained by the Canadians. From this time
on change after change was made, and
one fresh man was almost constantly in
the race, keeping the speed to its* ut
most and furnishing excitement for the
spectators.
The score at midnight follows:
Miles, Laps.
Miller-Waller 1416 g
Maya-McEachern un 7
Gimm— Pierce 1416 |
Fischer-Chevalier 1416 3
Rtevens-Turvllle 141$ 1
Rabcock-Stlnson UK
Bchlm-er-Forster 1412 6 '
The-Paßtatre 943- 8
Waltboor (Individual) 739
Aronson (Individual) 697 i
NEW YORK. Dec. 7.— The score at 2
o'clock was:
Miles. Laps.
Miller-Waller 1453 1
Maya-McEnchcrn 1 1 r.3 0
Glmm-PiercA 14;* 9
Fischer-Chevalier 1452 %
Ftevens-Turvllle 14.',; 4
Uabcock-Stlnscn '. 1452 3
Hchlneer-Forater 144s 9
The-I'astalre 96} - 9
Walthour (individual) 733 5
Aronson (Individual) 700 . 0
CHEESEMITE THE WINNER.
Earns Brackets in the First Steeple
chase at New Orleans.
NBW ORUBANB, Dec. 6.— The first
event to ba decided over the new st.-» pi. -
chase cours<- was won this afternoon by
Houston, who I id the mount on Cheese
mite. The race was run over the short
course, about a mile and flvt'-oijrhths and
proved the best drawlnjr. event on' the
curd. The filly Trladitza. was the only
winning favorite. The weather was fine
ami the tr.»ck fast. Results: c
Selling, wven furlongs— Debrlde won. Tobe
Paine second, Jim Gore II third. Time' l''7»
Six furlongs— Triadltxa won. Prince of Verona
second. Dissolute third. Time. 1:13>4.
Handicap Bteeplechiise, short course—Cheese
mite won. Kre<l Perkins second, Il an»>rir..«
third. . Time. 3:061*. , ' **""*"«»
Handicap, one and one-eighth miles—Pace
maker won, Manllus second. Lackawa third
Time. i:M. ».mira.
Selling, one mile— Koenlsr won, Walkenshaw
second. Colonel Casnldy thlni. Time, 1:41.
Charged With Burglary.
Eugene Morrisey. a boy 11 years old.
was charged last night with burglary by
Detectives Ryan and O'Dea. He Is ac
cused of having entered the store of
Dallon Brothers, on Davis street, and
earning off a lot of valuable things,
when captured by the officers a number
of the missing articles were found In hl»
possession. Some telephone slugs were
also found on him ana as a number of
telephone boxes In the vicinity of the
burglarized store were found broken open
the detectives think that Morrlsey is the
culprit. His companions In crime have
escaped, but will shortly be apprehended.
FARO GAMBLING CASES.
Judge Conlan Denies a Motion for
IHsmissal on the Ground of De
fective Complaints.
The motion of the attorneys In the ca*es
of Asa Hamilton and others, charged with
visiting Joe Harvey's resort at 143 Mason
street for the purpose of playing faro, on
the ground that the complaints were de
fective was dismissed by Judge Conlan
yesterday and they were continued till
Saturday, to be set. The Judge said he
had his own opinion as a lawyer on the
question, but he declined to accept the re
sponsibility of declaring the ordinance In
valid. He would leave that to the Supe
rior Court.
Attorney Heggerty remarked that if the
complaints were defective there could be
no conviction, and he thought it was
within the Judge's power to dismiss the
cases.
The Judge admitted there was no sucb
officer as "Acting Police Judge," and sec
tion 33 of ordinance 1587. under which thf
complaints were drawn, was defective in
asmuch as it prohibited a person from
visiting a house for the "practice" of
gambling instead of for the "purpose" of
gambling, but he would prefer that th«
Superior Court dealt with the question
He was glad to see that the Hoard of Su
pervisors proposed taking steps to revise
all the ordinances, as a great many of
them had been picked to pieces by deci
sions of the higher courts.
HOW BULLION ROLLS IN.
The Year Is Breaking the Record at
the San Francisco Mint.
The San Francisco Mint received $7,500.
000 worth of gold in November, and aa
there were no Australian shipments of
Hr;tl«»h coin the whole amount Is new
gold fresh from the veins and gravels of
the Pacific region from Alaska to Mexico.
Superintendent I^each says that 1899 will
break th>- record of the receipts of bullion,
though the total receipts may not be aa
lnrpt- as in Rome years when receipts of
foreign coin were, heavier. It shows, how
evt r, the rapid increase in gold produc
tion.
Of course the Klondike Is largely
thanked for tb« year's receipts. Mr. Leach
estimates the year's output coming from
Dawson at $16,000.00) or a little over. A
little of this romi'S from the American
»lde In that region, having been sold in
Dawson. Nearly all of the Klondike gold
reachea the San Francisco Mint. The
Cape Nome gold which has come down
this season h.us about all reached the
Mint. too. Its fineness Is found to be
higher than the Klondike gold, averaging
about 117 to about $15 or $1j 60 for the gold
from the Klondike.
GRAND ARMY WILL
NEXT MEET IN CHICAGO
McKinley and the Democratic Presi-
dential Nominee Will Be Invited
to Attend the Sessions.
CHICAGO. Dec. The National Coun
cil of the Grand Army of the Republic,
meeting hero to-day with the local gen
eral committee, agreed on August 2S to
September 1 us the date of the next an
nual encampment, which will be held In
Chicago.
In the general discussion of the council
It was agreed that the encampment
should be held at some time during the
public school vacation so that the public
schools might be used as sleeping quar
ters for members. It was said by mem
bers of the committee that there were
many veterans who might wish to attend
the encampment who could not stand the
financial burden of paying hills at crowd
ed hotels. At other encampments tents
have been used, but the committee deems
it more advisable to use the school build
ings.
The members of the committee called on
Mayor Harrison at the close of the morn-
Ing session. Mayor Harrison urged that
the encampment be made non-partisan in
every detail, and suggested that Inasmuch
as President McKlnley would be present
the Democratic Presidential nominee be
also Invited. Thl? "will be done.
"The President is ■ member of the
Grand Army of the Republic and always
attends the encampments in his capacity
as .i member," said Commander In Chief
Shaw after the conference. "There Is
nothing political In the invitation we
have extended him. The Mayor's request,
however, Is a Just one and will be com
piled with."
The meeting closed to-night with a din
ner and reception to the visitors given by
the Department of Illinois, Grand Army
of the Republic.
MANUFACTURERS RAISE
THEIR EMPLOYES' WAGES
Numerous Concerns in Massachusetts
Announce Substantial In
creases.
BOSTON, Dee. 6.— The announcement
was made this afternoon that the Amos
kego Corporation of Manchester, the larg
est cotton manufacturing concern In the
country, will adviince the wuges of its
WOO operatives 10 per cent on December 13.
A similar advance will be mad* at the
cotton mills of the Amny & Stark Manu
facturing Company of Manchester on Sat
urday. The Stark mills employ nearly
2000, the Amoy about 2500. The China.
"Wasslter and Pembroke mills of Suncook,
N. H., will raise wages 10 per cent. The
Suncook mills employ about 1500.
Among other places where notices of an
advance wero posted to-day were Taun
ton, Mass.; at the Corr Manufacturing
Company mills, Pawtucket, It. I.; the
United States Cotton Company, Law
rence. Mass.; Atlantic, Pa.; Arlington,
Everett and Pemberton mills. The new
rate at these points affects about 14,000
men.
GUATEMALAN TROOPS
DEFEAT REVOLUTIONISTS
WASHINGTON, Dec. 6— The Secretary
of State has recshred a telegram from
Mr Hunter, Minister to Guatemala, say
ins that he has been informed by that
Government that on the Id last, General
Toledo, with about 200 followers, princi
pally forelcnen, raised a revolution near
the b'trder of Salvador, at a place called
Juliapa. They were attacked by Govern
ment troops and driven across the border
with heavy loss.
VALLEY ASSOCIATION.
MA-DERA. Dec. 6.— Tbls place has been
selected as the plore of meeting for the
executive committee of the San Joaquin
Valley Commercial Association next Sat
urday. The Chamber of Commerce and
tin citizens are all hard at work prepar
ing fur the entertainment of the visitors
ami ii'ithlng will be left undone to make
their visit an enjoyable one. The execu
tiv. committee of the chamber of Com
nu roe li.i* appointed the following com
mittees to make arrangements for the oc
casion: Finance — Hon. John M. Griffin.
Return Roberts, George A. Clark. W. A.
Moore E. E. Vincent: reception— Jud^e
W. M. Conlejr, C. J. Bubanlu, J. W.
Rnßesdale, N. Rosenthal. G. G. Parsons,
J tunes E. Nugent, J. E. Stevens and C.
Curtln.
Po far as the programme has been ar
tmngti there will be a luncheon served at
the Yi'semite Hotel and after th'- paect
lnK a drive to the different points nf in
terest In the vicinity. Including the smel
ter, lust about to begin operations, and
the Italian-Swiss winery— the largest in
the San Joaquin Valley.
It Is expected that the executive com
mittee at this meeting will submit a plan
for the immediate advancement of the
Interests of the valley and that a sys
tematic course of advertising of the re
sources of the valley will be Inaugurated.
Strike May Be Ended.
VANCOUVER. B. C. Dec. 6-Throu^h
mutual concessions on the part of the
nilni'-uwners and workers, the Slocan
t«tr!ke may be ended soon. Both are
tin c! of the six months' Idleness. Union
wares will be paid and the strikers de
iniin.l recognition of the union. The mln*
owners are also to enter Into a compact
with the strikers. The owners have not
yet accepted these conditions*.
Infected Fruit.
VANCOUVER, B. G.. Dec. 6— The lord
fruit Inspector to-day ordered the de
struction of 300 barrel* of Ontario apples
badly infected with codlin tooth.
GAGE SUGGESTS
MODIFICATIONS
Present Banking Laws
Too Strict.
. q P*clal Dispatch to Th« Oall.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 6.— The annual
report of Lyman J. Gage. Secretary of
the Treasury, was tiled here to-day. After
dealing with the financial condition of the
country, expenses of government, etc..
Mr. Gage makes the following recom
mendations:
1. As to conditions of capitalisation. Th*
law requires a minimum capital of $60,000 as a
precedent to organization under the national
bank act. While thU would se«m to be a fair
and moderate limit. It is undoubtedly too large
for the resources, of small communities, where
banking facilities are much needed, and It Is
suggested that for places of a population of 1000
or leas the minimum be reduced to 125.000.
.-• Th « national bank act clearly recognizes
the note-issuing function as a proper one, but
It Is plain that the original conditions and lim
itations Imposed have, under changing condi
tions, become substantially prohibitive In their
terms. This ought to be n?studled. and as
lame a liberty given as may be consistent with
" , !&.'" th * *ercl*e of that useful function,
.i . ? law Prescribes percentages which na
tional banks shall carry In cash against their '
deposits and limits the amount of risk which '
,a f n - " haU uke ln loans to » n > " " lndl ' I
vtdual. firm, or corporation. The percentage of
cash reserves seem to have Justified In practice
the provision of the law. but the limitations on
loans have been found" to work with great in
equality. The recommendations of the Comp
troller of the Currency on thin point, to be found
in his report to Congress last year, merit care
ful consideration.
4. While limitations and restrictions exist In
several directions, no limitation has ever been
given as to the ultimate liability a bank may
carry upon a given amount of capital. Upon
this point the bank with $20,000 capital Hands
legally as free as does the bank with $5,000,000 |
capital. Cash reserves are a defensible subject
of legislation, because they affect the Imme- ,
diate solvency of the bank. The limitation of
liability compared with capital Is equally so.
since the percentage of capital and accumulated
surplus affects the ability of the bank to bear
Its own losses. Capital, loans and deposits
bear . healthful and proper relations to each
other. Everything els« being equal, the meas
ure of risk Is determined by the extent of the
loans; and for the ultimate solvency of the j
bank as to Its deposits, the capital of the bank ,
I' the proper guaranty. The capital should, I
therefore, be relative and fairly adequate to the ;
rinks Involved.
It Is mainly In the lack of 'adequacy to public !
needs that our national system Is at fault. I
The repressive effect upon note issue* destroys, ]
or Injuriously limits, one of Its very Important ■
functions. How ln certain particulars this In-
Jury results I have tried truthfully to show.
In view of the weakness and limitations which
time and experience have brought under notice.
efforts have been made to modify the national
banking act. In the House of Representatives .
of the last Congress, certain bills were pro- |
posed embodying measures which I believe I
would be effective toward needed reform. I
These measures" In their general principles are I
approved by the Informed Judgment of th ■• most
thoughtful of our people. It is to be. expected ,
that they will be again offered for the consid- :
eration of the present Congress. Without In- '
dulging In specific recommendations at this ,
time, which If made could be but repetitions
of previous recommendations. I commend the
subject to the thoughtful attention of the legis- '
lative body.
TO PREVENT DESECRATION
OF THE AMERICAN FLAG
Prominent Men Sign an Appeal to
Congress for the Enactment
of a Law.
CHICAGO. Dec. I fTITIM Klnjmbury
Miller, chairman of the flaK committee of
the Sons of the American involution and
• • • .- • In Illinois
an<i executive member <>f the Anv-rioan
Flup Association In New York. h;u« f'ir
warilfl to every repr<
atoc ;ii Washington a document appealing
for the enactment of a law f"»r tin- m
Uoa of the fl;iK and t<> prohibit its use
'-■v iivi rtiFinK or commercial i-ur^
petition, whirh is* beaded D<
1 Urn American Flau Our National
Dlagraee," is accompanied by imiorse
menta from hundreds of public men.
Airi'inß the communications an- lncludod
OroTer Cleveland, Hf-njamln Harrison,
Lev! P. Morton, Artlai B. Ettevenson. San
f-.rd P. Dole, President of Hawaii; 8
tan,' of Btat< Hay, Becretarr of Wsf
neral Smith. P. Crt -
tary of th»- Treasury Oasre, >'• • i
RoosevHt. Ambassador Choate, Whit. law
H' ill. Archbishop Ireland, Admiral l>
Real Admiral Schley. Rear Admiral
Bampaon, Oeneral sllies, <;»'nf-rai Fitz
hugh I.o^. I*r» sid^nt Eliot of Harvard and
Booker T. Washington.
POST-INTITLLIGENCEB SOLD.
E. C. Hughes and Maurice McMiken
Probably the Purchasers.
SEATTLE. Wash.. Dec. 6.— The Poat-
Jntelllgencer formally changed hands to
day and the new management will be in
control to-morrow. Announcement of the
sale will be mode In to-morrow's Issue.
The names of the new purchasers are not
given, but it la understood that they are .
i: C. Hughes and Maurice McMiken, lead
ing Republicans and members of the law
firm of Strive. Allen. Hughes & McMiken. i
K. B. 1 Piper, the editorial head of th« I
paper, and George U. I'lper, the business
manager, announce their retirement, but
state that they will remain in the State of
Washington. S. P. Weston was to-day
made business manager.
The puYchase price is understood to be
f350.00n. the bulk of which was paid In
cash to-day.
Died of Paralysis.
STOCKTON. ' Dec. 6.— James Lewis. a
well-known pioneer fanner of this county,
died at his home near Waterloo at noon
to-day of paralysis. lie was about ! 70
yenrs of age.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued From Page 8.
SAii.rn.
Witlnegday, December i.
Stmr Pcotia, Jamrw. .
DOMESTIC PORT.
PORT BLAKELEY-Salled Dec S— Bark Prus
sia, for San Francisco.
FORE PORTS.
DEPARTURE BAT— Arrived Dec (-Bark
Chas B Kenney, from Honolulu.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Arrived Nov »-Br
bark Caithness-shlre. to load for San Fran
cisco.
Sailed Dec S— Bktn Jane L Stanford, for
Honolulu.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
YOKOHAMA - Arrived Dec 6-Stmr Mon
mouthshire, from Portland, Or.
NEW YORK— Sailed Dec »— Stmr St Paul, for
Southampton; »tmr Nordland, for Antwerp;
itmr Ocrmanla, for Liverpool.
LONDON— Arrived Dec «-Stmr Meonmlnee,
from New York.
ROTTERDAM-'-Arrlved Dec *—Etmr Ma*a
dam. from New York.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Dec »-Rtmr Pennland.
for Philadelphia.
BATXBOAJ) TBAVKL.
lORTH PACIFIC COAS? RAILROAD,
via I— ,m. Parry.
Commencing October 1. USf.
PROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VAIOJO*
AND SAN RAFAEL. *
WEEK DAYS-*? 00. ««;80. U:00 a. m.; »I:4X.
fJMO. »:15. 00, »:SQ p. m.
' EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill ' aJl«y and San R*.
Ca«l, on Mondays, \vednesd»-»« and Saturday*.
ft 1:00 and U.Jo p. in. ">?
rBUNDAYS-»8:».r BUNDAYS-»8:». •10:00, ni:3o a, in.: «IOJL
|?X5, »4:4«. •:««. ».0b p. m. "^
Trains marked (•) run to San Quectln
PROM BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCMOOL.
WEEK DAYB-«:». »«:S6. 7:«. •»:« a. raj
•11:30, 15. •!:«. -6«li p. m. • '
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays aA4
Saturday ■ at 6 40 and 19:15 p. m. -^
• BVNDAYS-«:JC. ••:*». •10:00, ni:« a, m.i
KM, *l:18, 4:48, ««:80 p. ra. '
Trains marked (*) start from Ban Quentln.
rP.^'M MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISOX
w WEEIf I>ATS-«:4J. 6:45. 7:16. 1.46 a. m^j
■A }:«5. l«. S:I9 p. m *• m-J
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays a&4
■cturdaya at 7:00 and 10:20 p. ra.
BVNDAYB— «:O6. 10:05 a. m.; It:CJ, J:U,. i M,
THROUGH TRAINS.
• :00 a. ra. week days— Cazadero and way stations.
1:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and r»ay stations.
|.M a. m. Sunday a— Tomalea and way station*.
y^^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
at UFuffl <>-»*> MKAu> v ST »übl|ahM)
Bnf jHft '" I"** furth»-(rpnttnrnuif Sp^nnl
Wit I X a» IllM-kMf*, l *'" 1 Nfrroun U.tiillty or
I^S^^Mitl ili"-H'-WfurtngoiihiHlyaridrntiulnml
ODBMISn skin I>i«catt*"« Tbo<lrx;tnrcure<«>Th>-ii
JH QmI 1 ll:"<^f ;l n. Try him. rhnr*»H low.
Callorvvrlti'.
I Dr. J. *'. «>llHi<*>, Box 1937,Saa Francisco.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
MrTMMBI r*« IKKX^HMST.
(FACtnC ■vaajßjat.l
Train leaf* ■»»•! itrr •»* I*) nrrl at
MAM rit IN4 «».
(Main Una, Foot of Market Street)
UIAVI — rROU KOTZMBES li 1431 — ABUTS
•7iOO» Ikn'.cii. gatrasi and flaeraraaato.... *7>43p
F.L-»lra. Vaoarftle and Ramsey.... *7i43r
•7«o**ehuu Eicrn*- Darts. Wliiowi.
Ha<l Bluff. Portland ... •: Up
•7iSc4 ."u>lUrDoa.Vall«^Maaa.
<all.t.«»ar.l H»nta Rosa . •«il3p
•••••* The Orerland LI Ugdsn, Dsß-
tar. Oiuana> Chlcac? *•• I•»
•Bis** Hau Joaa. Utcraaore. Atoektnn.
locs. Itflsitltt PlacrrrlU**
ll»rj»»ni«. Chlco. I:«l Bluff .... Mil**
•»i»O» »Mii t«n. OakdA'.eaad f*onora •iil3f
•Vioo* Howards. Nlletand Way MUti.^na •lIIS4
•«O«»« AtlaoUa Kicr*aa-O?Jeu and Baa* *I>i43a
•».<mi» ftlartloes. Tr icy. LaUirop. Utockloa.
Mrreedaod Krrsno Mails*
•»'•'>» Port Cost*. Vrcuio. Uoja?* and !*•
Au - elra _ ... •«.•«■*
•lOi4M>a Vallrjo. Martinez ami Way .SlaUoaa *«<43r
•1 I:OOa II .j irarla, Mies and Way Sutler 'tiUr
•IHiOUm Mita, Utermore. H toe k ton. *.:fa-
mento. Mendota. liaofjrd, VUalla.
Purterflllo Mils*
tl:O*r .s«cnu»i«tiU> lllfir Ste«m«rs •« ssr
•»:»Oi Maywardi. Mleaaod Way S'.atl ■». *3it3r
•4iuor Uartiuex. Haa lUukhi. ValUJo.
N»i *. CalUtoc*. NwU Kcs. tillt
•*n»or lirulcli. Vaeanll«. *aci«iti«nl<\
Wuo.ilaiul. KulgbU Lattdlot'.
Marf itUle. Oroi lII* •!•!«»
•4i««ii> Ni. . sail.) >«•. .Ihtiektoa *?il«r
•3:<HirTbe Owl I la-i*-!- Fresno.
Bakers field, Hasjgna for h int» l!ar-
bara. Los Ai «-l. •< •»:«•»
•a:««r Stockton, Mrreetl, Fresno 'ISilSr
•3iUUr riciiio. rsakrrslJei'l. Hauta lUitiara.
I«a Ang. Im, Iteming, El Paso.
Now Orleans and Katt *Si*sa
•3i3«r HauU F« Itonte— At!anUo Es*Mas
for MoUi« and I.* ■• *«i43p
•SiOOp HaTwards, Nile* aod Nan J *• *7i«»a
MsiMr v»: - *isiiap
••■»». •oriL-utalalail-Oflenand KaiS "li.Hf
t?iUOr Vallejo. Pott Costa »i..l Way Bu-
MM lt:Mr
•»iO3r Orrguit and California Kiprasa.Mao-
raiueiit.i. Marinllle. Itediilnv,
IV.rtlai..). l'i.c-t h,nit,.t »' 1 1..t *s:l»4
COAST DITKIOS Oarrort Qaags).
(Foot of Market Htfaet.)
' *»:I.la Newark. ODtertlllv,f:aaJua*.Ktltoa.
Doakler Cn«k. Ha nta Uruz and Way
HUtiooa •3I»3 I »* V
|lil.lr Newark r.ntcrtill-. Ban Jose, !<-»
AlmaUen. Helton. linaKler Creek.
6aaU Craa and I'duet;*! Way
HUtloaa fl«iA«a
•«il.lr Newark. Han Joeo, Los Uatos. **i4»4
■ II:I3i Hunters' Bsoiusion. tteu Jus* aod
Wayßutlooa . . I7»«f
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
»r«aSli f»tICI3CO— f.«i if atriM Jtri.KSili l>—
•7 15 boo liwu. |I:C3 *2Q9 11.31
•i^!3 tS:CO •e:C3r.M.
fn« 0ilUI»-r««l •' !(..!. it— •« 00 8:00 10.00 A.*,
113 -CO *I:C3 HOP «S.:O IiJQO 'ZZ'.rM.
COAST UITISIOa i Caaga).
(Third ami Townnn.il .sta.)
t«tlo* Oceau View. Bontb nan lr'iand«n>.. lliitt
*7iWUa Ban J..»« ami Way Htallotis 1 New
Alui».lf^i \V«ili.a>HU|« 1 ..... •!•■•*
•••••4 Han Jue*. Trra Ituaa. Mania C'rns,
PadUo (Iroto. Paso llnblra. Hao
l.uli oliljimi. M Lompoo and
Prludpal War fitatinna *lil«r
*I«i«Oa Bau Joia ami Way Mtatlons **iS3a
•11:31*4 San Joso aod Way Stations •St«4rs
t*i43p Ban Matro. Kedwood. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, cant* Clara, Han Joe*,
Traa Pin. • HauU Cmz. Sallnaa,
Monterey and l'aelßo 'irnv* tlOrSO*
tlinopSaa Joaeaod Way st«'i..,.s *7iBop
Sau J. . Man. I Principal Way Stations Hi
43i00p Ban Joaa and Principal Way ht»Uona H»:0o»
*.%i3*r Joie an<l Principal Way Htatlooa *»:33a.
•«:Mrt>ii,j.i-inlu,,r 4 ,■■■ t*<**a
Hl:-I5r Sao Joaaaud Way Hutlona *7i3op
A for Morning P for Afteroooo.
* Daily t Sunday tc»pt~l 1 bund*/ only.
6 Batarday only.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN IT. COL
LESSEH
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbaroa Ferry. Foot of .Market Bt.
__ BAN-TTtAN-CISCOTtraAJJ XUVJLEXi
VTBBK DAYB-I:». t:0O, 4:00 a. wiTilJa;
• ;J0 5:10. 8:iO p. m. Thursday*— extra trljs
* . W JP- m " Saturdays— Extra trip* aA ljf
and 11 :*p d. m.
■UNL>AYB-«.CO, 1.10. U^O a, ny: IM. iOK
• :CO. «:30 d. m.
SAW RAFAEL TO BAif CISCO.
wrinpc days— « T.eo. li». 11:1» a. m.l ism,
l:«. t.U p. m. Aatordaym— Uztra trips si
It! and S.lt p. m.
»UNDATJr-«:10. »:«0. 11:10 a. m. ; I:*X »-.••, I M,
• »5 d. an.
Between San Francisco and Bchaetzen Park
•am* scbadul* as ar>ova,
Lear* ' I Arrlr*
Ban Frar.elsco. In Eflfact Baa Fr *nc!sc^.
— Ootobor IS. — [ m
"Week Bun- im. Hun- Waati
Days. oars. ' Destination aajra, Days.
T:W am 1:00 am Norato. 10:0 am li4o asa
I pn>i »:» am PetaJuma. (:C9 pm 1016 asa
Ml pm 1 I pa Santa luta. tM ps tax pax —
Fulton,
Id) aa Windsor. UUia
Heitldsburr,
laTMwaV
G#y»>»nrllle»
jOb pm •:•» am doverdal*. TiM ptn liO yas,
1 itO mm Hopland and
1:00 am Uklaa. |TUpm • M pt»
IMin ) aftaf as*
(400 am Gasrnerlll*. 7:13 pen
•*•*> linpc*
140 am 100 am Sonoma 10:40 am 1:49 aca
and
l;10pm SifiOpm Olwn Elian. tif4pm 1:13 pas
f :t0 am i:« am O*bastopol. ''/ «amlo if aa*
1:30 pro 6:60 pm 1 T:la pm( f 21 pea
Bta«*es connect at Santa Ho*a for Mark Wm|
prints and Whit* Bulphnr Sprlnva; at Lyttoa
or Lytton Bsrlnga; at Oe>a»rvillo for Ba>«M
prlnca; at CWardala for the Oeya«rs; at H>
land for Dnacan 9prtnn, Hijrhlan4 Suringt,
K*ls*jrv!!le. Carlsbad BpriofS. floda Hajr. ti%\t-
ort and liartlstt Springs; at t'klan for VUh»
prlnHS. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laam
Mi Laka. Witter Springs. Upp«r Laks, Poms,
Potter Valley. John Day's. Rl»ersl<J?. Lisrtsjra,
Bucknell's, Bar.hadrtn J!«lcht«. llullTtlle. Orr 1 !
Hot Bptina-a, Vfendoclno City Fort lirm«r.
r-satpoFV^aal. WllUtts, Laytonrllls, $u»I
■pinx i. Bell's Springs. Harris, OUao'a, Dran
Scotia and Euraka.
Saturday to Monday rosad trip tickets as r*-
4aced rate*.
On Sunday round trio tickets to all potato
kvyond San Rafa*! at half rates.
Ticket £«<•»•, «M Market St.. ChronlcJa bM«.
PL C. WKITiyO. R. X RTAJfT^
General Manacer C«n. Pass, It—^ '
CALIFORNIA LIMITED
Santa Fe Route.
Tha fastest train, running orer tb* bast ra9-
pad. with th* hlfhast class aeoommodatlooA.
Connecting train leaves Ban Francisco aft
lac p. m. WBDSEBDIT, FBISAT. BATTJBDIT,
■O!fDAT. WBDIUoDAT. faIBAT BATTTIDAT.
Arriving la Chicago at 1:13 P. m.
raiDAT, lOHDAT, TCCBOAT VIOStSSAT.
OVERLAND EXPRESS
Every Cay In th* year. Pullman Palao* ani
Upholstered Tourist Cars leave Oakland M Am
for Denver. Kansas City, Chicago and the Bast
st» p. m.
VALLEY ROAD
Between Stockton. Ft««no. Hanford. - TUalla.
Tolar* and Uakersfleld. furnishes good In ami
train- serrlc*.
Ban Francisco office. CS Market St., Ulvphoaa
Main ISII.
Oakland office. in* Broadway.
acramsnto offlc«, JjCl J street.
Bao Jos* offlc*. 7 west Santa Clara strsoi.
NORTHERN PACIFIC
RAILWAY.
Tickets at the Lowest Rates to
SPOKANE. ROSSLAND.
BUTTE. HELENA. ST. PAUL.
CHICAGO. NEW YORK.
XllE oklt LINE OPFRATIWO A;/
* through tourist car from 8. F. to St. Paul.
This car Is nicety upholstered In leather and
has every convenience of a Erst-class Pallmaa.
Call on or address
T. K. STATELER. Gen. Act . US Market at.
San Francisco.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS .^CENIC RAILWAY.
Leave Ban Francisco via Sausallto retry.
Week Days— S:SO a. m. ar..l 1.4 1. a.
Sundays— l:oo, 10:00 a. m. aad l:li p. m
■tamo- beared, closed ca 00 all trains.
Far*— Fi todaco to BummU a&4 tutor*.
Haf ---
1112
ACTOR ELLIOTT
BEATEN BY AN
ANGRY HUSBAND
Ralph Knapp Soundly
Thrashes Him.
INSULTED HIS PRETTY WIFE
THE TROUBLE OCCURS IN A
SALOON.
Rnbm EUlfttt. line man in the She
r.andnah company. is nursing a sore head.
:he result ol comlnc In contact with a
h^avy cane wkldcd by RaJph Knapp. an
indlKr.suat husband. Last Tuesday atter-
The Husband Hushed at the Actor and Struck Him With a Cane
•o.
• r.i on
■
■ ■
■
■ hlM
SAID HE WAS "KEEPING A DATE"
WHEN ARRESTED FOR BURGLARY
CON O'CONNOR, who claims to be
n longshoreman. !s either a
houw br»nkcr or the victim of n
mo«M rrmnrkabl* c.-i««»> f ,r circum
stantial evidence. He was before Po
lice Judgi* Mocan yesterday a<*cused
of burglary. Two policemen lostHW
that they took him ndhanded as h«
and a companion wrre breaking Into
the tailor shop of Frank Kudrna. w>i
Sansome street. O'Connor swore just
us Moutly that he was enlaced in a
love affair— "k«eplng a dat«\ ft as he
put It— when the bobble* ran hJm In.
Spr;H:tl Officer F. K. Warren was th«*
man that foiled the burglary or Inter
rupted the »ove affair, which- It
was. or l»oth. He was patrolling his
beat on Sansome street about S o'clock
on the night before Thanksgiving,
when he he.ard a noise like that which
would be made by the breaking In of
a glass door. He walked in the direc
tion from which the pound had pr
ceeded, and Just as he got opposite
Kudrna's place, saw O'Connor walk
out on the sidewalk. "Burglary."
thought "Warren at once. By straining
his ears he imagined he could hear
sosae one moving inside the tailor
head with the cane. Elliott was standing
at the bur at the time witn his back
toward Knapp. After delivering the. blow !
Knapp turned to the crowd that was pres
ent and excitedly declared that Elliott
had not or.iy deceived his wife but was
desperately trying to win her affections.
M he nds»d his cane to again strike him
the manager of the Shenar.doah company,
: who ha been drinking at the bar with the
«ctor. menacingly placed his hand in Ms
hip pocket and declared that he would
kill anynody who further Interfered with ,
Ills leading man. Several of Knapi* s
friends at this juncture rushed him out of
the saloon -and attempted to pacify him.
After considerable persuasion he was
tlnallv taken awuy. In explanation of the
attack Knapp said that lie had considered
Elliott one of his warmest friends and
had frequently advanced 'him van-jus
sums of money.
"We met him nt Salt T.ake a short time
ago." he remarked, "and 1 frequently no
ticed that he would cast admiring glances
at my write. Several times she was forced
to Insult him. l>ut h*. continued his nd
vanccs. on the train hn pave her
one of ills pictures, which she promptly
tore to pieces. 1 was even more surprised
than my wife when she told me that ihe
villain had telephoned to her. inning
h. r th.it I was ill ajid inducing her to visit
his trysting place. I am not through with
him yet. M he does not discontinue Ills
insulting attempts at famillurity I will
giv<- him a beating which will confine nim
to his hed lor sum* time."
K'.lioU denies that he t-ver Insulted Mrs.
Knapp. Vie says that he met her in the
restaurant by accident and they had a
short conversation, after which she re
turnr-d to her homo.
shop. "This fellow here," thought the
special." Is th«» lookout. I'll play foxy.
Kft-a policeman ami Cabbage both of
them." \So Warren, without appear-
Ing to noil" 1 O'Connor, continued up
Ransome to Broadway, where he
found Offlc.-r Robert ■■.to whom
he described what ho. had seen.
From where th«-y stood the officers
could see O'Connor pacing . up and
down the sidewalk. They began walk-
Ins In his direction .and hail nearly
rtachrd him when. out of the tailor
shop came another tigure on the run.
turning in 'the direction of Telegraph
Mill
That was enough for Barry. He
started fill! tilt after the fugitive.
leaving Warren to eat with O'Con
nor. That Individual made no move
ment t<> run and Warren laid hold of
him.. .Meanwhile Harry, who If not a
chamois, wan being rapidly distanced
by his quarry, who was sealing the
hill In record time. In the vain hono
of stopping him. the. policeman tired
one shot, which had no other effect
than to accelerate the fugitive's .••■.!
until- h<« .faded from Harry's view.
An examination of trie door of
Kudrna'i shop disclosed the fact that
It had "h«»en "opened by smashing the
glass and. (freaking the lock. The po
licemen awak«ned the tailor, who was
peacefully, sleeping In the rear room,
entirely Ignorant of burglarious de
igns. Efforts of Officer Barry to in
duce his prisoner to yield the name of
the fugitive were useless. O'Connor
Raid he did not know the fellow and
strenuously denied that he had been
engaged in breaking Into the tailor
fhop when arrested.
H. looked like .1 strong case against
him until he took the stand In his
own defense. He was not the man to
be picked out as ■ lover, especially
after his ten days* experience in
prison and his two weeks growth of
beard, but his story was punctuated
with genuine heart beats,
j "I had a. date with a lady, yer
onner." he said, "to meet her on San
some street, between Pacific and
Broadway, at 8 o'clock that evening,
'was walking up and down on th«
sidewalk, stopping now and then In a
hallway, when this officer came along
and arrested me. I'm not a burglar,
and I saw no burglar except tho fel
low running away from Barry."
The lady with whom O'Connor
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THUESDAT, DECEMBER 7. 1899.
DETECTIVE WHS
NEARLY KILLED
BY HOTEL THIEF
Harper's Life Was In
Danger.
ATTACKED BY A BOLD CROOK
ROBBER AND HIS WIFE LANDED
IN JAIL.
By the rrTPSt of Willinm Marvin and
his wife th • believe that they hnve
two of t:. -• hotel thieves thai
jM-r.it, ii in thla dty for some time.
'i !■• ■ wer captured on Montgomery
i;u*t evening; bj I >et« ti H
bui not without a desperate Btrua*al<
gnistnc th. pair a- they wen w.iik
inp along the street. Harper accosted
them and exhibiting li i^ star v>!i! them
that they were under arrest Marvin ln-
Ftaatly reached for hla pistol, Intending
tn shoot thr detective, wii- n the latter
KraM>ed his arm. Then followed
r.L • Marvin f^iurht to frc
himself from Harper's grasp, Bui th»> lat
ter rlung tn lum with tr.i tenacity of ■
bulldog. Thf woman took a hand in th«>
,i to force
• ■ ■ Is hold on her
inn.
At this I'jnctun? B. B. Roberts, who rep
resents the Johnson-Locke Mercantile
Company, recognizing Harper, promptly
went to his assistance. Realizing that he
could not cope with the two men Marvin
finally surrendered. He nd his wife were
then escorted to the California street sta
tion. where their names were registered
on th^ detinue book. A short time aft
erward thfy were removed to the central
btntion and locked up in the tanks.
When arrested Marvin carried in his
hand a Michel which, when opened, was
found to contain a quantity of stolen jew
elry.
According to the police Marvin and his
wife are well known in the East, where
they operated with considerable success.
They arrived in this city about two weeks
rco and at once timed their thieving
operations.
It is said that they succeeded In petting
Into a number of rooms in various hotels
and securing Jewelry and other articles
valued at several thousand dollars.
Mrs. Marvin Is an attractive younsr
woman, stylishly dressed and a brilliant
conversationist. Her husband dresses in
the latest fashion and would be taken for
anything but a professional crook. He
claims he Is well connected in the East.
MRS. PHELANS CONDITION.
The Attending Physicians Still Say
There Is No Hope.
The condition of Mr?. James Phelan, the
Mayor's mother, remains about the same
as yesterday, and the end. which must
come soon. 11 momentarily expected.
During the .lay a noticeable change for
the hotter occurred and the watchers at
the bedside took hop*-, once more, but the.
doctors in attendance gravely shook their
head? and offered the anxious relatives
no cheer, saying that the rally was tern,
norary and that the end was a matter of
but .1 few hours.
Debauge Held for Murder.
When the case of Paul Dehauge,
charged with the murder of Delia Rey
nolds, alias Tracey. at 14 Turk street. No
vember 7. was railed in Judge Mogan's
court yesterday 1 Attorney J. N. K. Wilson,
for the defendant, said he had no evidence
to offer. The Judge thereupon held the.
defendant to answer before the Superior
Court on the charge of murder, without
baiL
■ ♦ ■
Self respect is on good terms with the
Old Government Whisky. •
rlaimed to have had the "date" was
called to the stand. She is Mrs. Mar
garet Flynn. ■ widow, who lr.s
climbed no less than thirty-five of the.
rungs In the ladder of life. She re
sides at 126 Green street with her
father, who, she testified, prevented
her from meeting O'Connor that
night.
"Had she been on time," said O'Con
nor. "I wouldn't be here now."
Officer Barry, who is dubbed "the
prophet" among his fellows by reason
of his general knowlngness. smiled
"Nabockllsh" he appeared to bo say-
Ing to himself.
The court was plainly purzled. Thp
story of the prisoner and Mrs. Flynn
dovetailed so nicely that he was In
clined to believe O'Connor was the
victim of an untoward fate. He In
quired carefully Into tho antecedents
of the defendant and was told that ho
had worked for years for a steve
dore named Chase.
"Will Chase testify to your good
character?" he asked the prisoner.
"I think so," was the reply.
"Mr. Clerk," ordered Judge Mogran
"Issue a subpena for, Mr. Chase. I'll
hear to-morrow what he has to say."
And court adjourned, O'Connor go-
Ing back to prison, an injured man or
a burglar with the Imagination of a
novelist. "Which?, It's up to Judge
Mogan to decide.
CAREER OF "SCONCHIN"
MALONEY HAS CLOSED.
JAMES J. MALONEY, Whose Strange Life Has Ended.
SCONCHIN MALONEY Is dead. There are few people in San Francisco
who did not know "Sconchln" and, with all hi.- eccentricities* and ag
gressiveness. there are few t!>at do not have for him a thought of kind
ness and. for his passing, a feeling of regret. As the final summons wan
about to be made for him he raid that he was leaving the world without
bitterness and without protest., "There are few ties left for me," he said,
"and 1 am not sorry to go. I have lived perhaps a thousand lives and I
have never intcm.onally wronged a man In mv hfe."
He was one of the peculiar characters of San Franclsin life. Without
education, influence or assistance he forced himself Into circles that a major
ity of Men find exclusive. If not accepted as an associate he was more than
tolerated by men of affairs. Ho wan not an unwelcome companion for law
yers. Judges, artors, politicians and public characters. His figure was a m
mlliar cue for years at conventions. .Legislatures and places where men con
gregate. He was known to thos^ who controlled the political parties of the
State and his services In more than one capacity were considered worthy of
employment. He was not considered too boisterous to be employed in matter*
of confidence by such men as Fred Crocker, Creed Haymond and A. N.
Towne.
Beneath hi* rough and ready exterior and behind hi? noisy, aggressive, In
sistent personality there was a shrewdness ihat made him something very
different from what he seemed. Now he was an extra man in the local Flro
Department, living a haphazard, reckless, improvident life, ready always for
a brawl or a tilt of tongues, in which his ready and none too refined wit
made him an antagonist to be feared. Again he was a follower of Brady
and Mannlx and Bill Hlgglns In the old time political camps of primary poll
tics, where success was more readily won by smashing heads than casting
ballots.
As time passed the peculiar value of "Sconchin" In certain fields became
known beyond the mountains and during the second campaign of Preslde-.t
Harrison he was called East to work among the saloons and cafes and the
tenderloin of New York. It was not wise to oppose him. for If ho failed in
the weapons that made the fishwives of Billingsgate famous he had his ready
fists and would fight anything that walked. But his New York experience
was his undoing. A life, without rare or future was telling upon him. He
had done much for others and nothing for himself. Occasional employ
ment in the offices of city. State and Federal friends had given htm no op
portunity to provide for future necessities and when consumption seized htm
he came home to die.
James J. Ifalonejr was born in Ireland in October, ISSI. He left his birth
place when he was 14 years of age for New York and his family soon followed
him. The entire family then migrated to this State, settling at Napa. where
a rfln^h was purchased. "Sconchin" was apprenticed to a blacksmith, but
disliking the work he came to this city and secured a position as extramun
in the Fire Department. It was there that he received hi* sobriquet of
"Sconchin." The Modoc war was in progress at that time and "Sconchin."
the chief of the tribe, was extremely warlike. As Malor.ey showed traits dis
agreeably similar to the chief he was dubbed "Sconchin," much to his dis
gust.
It was not long before he was a well-known character throughout trie
city. His volubility, eccentricity, Impulsiveness and remarkable knowledgt
of Shakespearean lines made him a character unique if not altogether pleas
ant. And so he lived until consumption took him away from the scenes of
political life, from hotel corridors and lobbies, from the streets and theaters.
As l).- grew weaker he went to hi* brothers at Napa, where he was kindly
cared for. but where, after his lite of excitement, he found no rest. Then he
went to his mother in Oakland, nut again the longing for change oppressed
him. Then through the provision of his brothers he went to St. Mary's Hos
pital and finally to the French Hospital, whoro on Tuesday night he died.
His body was taken yesterday to Napa, where, in obedience to his wish, he
will be buried among scenes that, tailed out remembrance of his early life.
CROOKS RAID A
CAR BY A NEW
CLEVER DEVICE
Sham Fight the Cover
for Robbery.
PASSENGERS LOSE DIAMONDS
NIPPERS AT WORK IN THE
EXCITEMENT.
Three desperate crooks made a clever
haul on a Powell street car shortly before
midnight last night. After boarding the
car the men engaged In a fake light.
Seated in the car at the time
were Joseph M. Rothchlld, the well
known attorney, and about a dozen
other passengers. While two of the
crooks wore pretending to be engaged
In a real fight their companion, with the
aid of a pair of nippers, was deftly re
moving the diamonds that adorned the
Shirt fronts of the excited crowd that
occupied the car. The screams of the
women passengers attracted, the atten
tion of policemen Fennell and Sylvester,
and as they started to board the car the
daring crooks quickly alighted and ran
along Powell street. One of the. men was
captured after ■ short chase and taken
to police headquarters. To Captain
Witt man he said his name was Joe
Mack and that ho had recently arrived
from New York. • • .•
He emphatically denied that he knew
the men who "worked" the passengers,
and that be had anything to do with the
bold crime. He was locked, up .in . the
tanks pending further Investigation.
Mr. Rothchlld was robbed of a valuable
diamond stud while looking at the pre
arranged scrap, while another, man.
; whose name was not ascertained, lost a
gold watch. Several women were relieved
of diamond pins and other articles of
Jewelry.
As soon as the daring crime was re
ported to Captain Wlttman he detailed
all his available men in citizens' clothes
to round up the desperate crooks. They
visited the various haunts of criminals
in the tenderloin district, but without get
ting a trace of them.
The police believe that the. men arc
Eastern thieves, and every effort will be
made to run them down.
At a late hour the police captured
George Reed, an ex-messenger boy, who
recently served time, as connected with
the bold crime.
THE CLASH AVERTED.
The anticipated c\ns*h between the rivil
and military authorities over the arrest
Of Captain Hlount of Company X, Forty
ninth Infantry, for interfering with a
witness In the case of Andrew Jackson,
the colored soldier Of Company K. did not
materialise, ;m no warrant was Issued for
the captain's arrest. No one could be
found tn swear 10 the rnmnlaint.
Yesterday Attorney Curtis asked Judge
Conlan to reopen Jackaon'n case, as he
wanted to take the evidence of Major G.
W. Kirkmnn. hut the Judge replied that
i: w:is not in his p .vert.<r t.< do «... even if
he f. It so Inclined, but he pointed out
that the defense bad arnpi.- time to bring
the major into court before the closing
of th<' case.
The major was anxious to got Jackson
released to tnk<> him to Manila with thn
regiment, and tailing In that, he tried to
blai ken the characters of the two police
men. Stanton and Alexander, at whom
Jackson tired thr.-e shots on Thanksgiv
ing ni^ht. His attack was in the f'-rm
of an affidavit which the major, while ab
seni In Manila, thought would be sub
mitted to the Jury trying the .1
in th.' affidavit the main- praised
Jackson and denounced the soldiers who
testified ni-'alnsf him. The two policemen
were ■ •■ ■ i of »•• ing under the Influ
ence of liquor on the night In question —
m particularly so— and did not know
what they were aolnir. Btanton, under
oath at the time of the preliminary ex*
, amlnatlon, denied that he was under the
Influence of liquor, and the Question was
not asked Alexander, who Is one of the
steaditst men on th»- force.
EXPECTORATED WHEN
POLICE WERE PRESENT
Policeman J. H. Colen was swinging
along in his usual jaunty fashion on
Grant avenue yesterday as the shades of
evening were falling. Suddenly he heard a
barking noiuc and his detective instincts
taught him to peel his weather eye and
look diagonally across the street to the
northeast corner of Grant avenue and
Butter streets. There was a man In the
very act of breaking the city ordinance
concerning expectoration upon the 'city's
pavements. Colen traveled fast and laid
the heavy hand of law upon the man's
arm and nut him under arrest. Then he
rang up for the patrol wagon from the
box.
A crowd gathered and people discussed
the case and the ordinance while they
waited for the wagon. A stout individual
saw the crowd and came across the street
vigorously pulling at a cigarette.
"Hello, there." said he, taking a puff
at his cigarette and then clearing his
throat and spitting vigorously on the
pave, "I say, what are you arresting that
man for?"
Policeman Snowball was close at hand.
"He's being arrested for the same thing
that you are." said Snowball , "for viola
tion of the expectoration ordinance."
That was a surprise party Indeed. The
new comer had to go into the California
street station when the police patrol wag
on came. He was as mad as a wot hen
The police last night took hold of the
enforcement of the expectoration ordi
nances more vigorously than they did the
night before and made many more ar
rests. Before 9 o'clock the following were
under arrest: Charles Bush, Frank Col
lins. John Patton. George Cole It A
Weeks. I/ouis Frlger, John Swnrts' v"
Malatesta. Joseph Burke, Peter Blacken
Albert Melnsrth and B. Fischer. It is siid
posed that they will all be let go after
they have been warned this morning by
the court. Arrests will be made for some
time.
Fred Mullls, an Ironmolder, arrested
Tuesday night for expectorating on the
sidewalk in front of 765 Market street
where he lives, by Policemen P c'
Murphy and J. C. Lawes, appeared before
Judge Graham yesterday and was con
victed, admonished and told not to do It
again. J. L, Ramsner, who was arrested
by the same officers, pleaded before Judge
Treadwell that he was a stranger In the
city and did not know there was such an
ordinance in existence. The Judge told
him that Ignorance was no excuse, but
dismissed the case. !
Dr. Parker » Cough Cure.. On* doss will stop
* cough. Never folia. Try It. All druggist*. *
Hales.
OPEN EVENINGS UNTIL CHRISTMAS.
burnt
leather materials
reduced!
the popular art novelty o' the year— an opportunity to save which
you cannot well Hford to pas*.
a regular $3.50 leather burning set. complete in wooden box.
I reduced to .' $3.75
first quality sheepskin, worth $1.00; reduced to 70c each
Second quality sheepskin, worth 73c; reduced to 50c each
burnt sheepskin sofa cushions, laced and fringed, exquis-
itely designed $3.30 each
burnt calfskin sofa cushions, heavily fringed $7.30 each
(sheepskin hats — the newest fad — now on exh on.)
unusual jacket pricelets.
end-of-the-season cut*— I snao for fo^'xs who want th»m.
350 flannelette wrappers on sale I -day— the regular $1.00
kind— in light and medium shades: braid trimmed yoke, back
and front; sizes 32 to 38; a snap for those whom the size fits,
each at tec
"7 children's Jackets, a miscellaneous lot; Me.ton cloth of
blue, brown and dark red; prettily trimmed with braid; slzo*
6 to 14 years 11.45
12S ladies' black Ja ckets— these are last fall's styles and
are being Bold at reduced prices because not strictly up-to-
date; th ■>• are finely tailored and exceptionally well made: to
be closed out at $2.43
!
perfumery for Christmas.
hints from the section of toilet articles.
beginning to-day until sold a prettily decorated glass ato-
mizer will be Riled with two ounces of delicate violet extract
and sold complete with extract for ' 20c
Hudnut'a famous toilet water, a bottle 50c
Hudnut's extract for handkerchiefs in all the popular per-
j fumes, an ounce J>Oc
Colgate's assorted extracts an ounce ". 23c
Kirk's Juvenile pe»-fumery and soap — a pretty little com-
bination In a box ' ft c !
opal powder box, fancy decorations 2<>c
/^rt\ Arnold knit wear: Mrs. Reynold of
C JVr \ N. Y. Is elvin; Interesting talks on twentieth
C^y-"4"~'O^y century ideas of baby dresslnz and health
■^» \r underwear. Shi is a graduate nurse andean
five many valuable hints to her hearers.
'JkeGtTUrfd* Mothers especially invited.
SANTA AT POINT LOBOS TO-DAY .
Santa Glaus Route, Thursday, December 7, 1899
10 a. m.— Stor« to Mason, to Qtmrr, to Point Lob©«. la Mm
avenue, to Clement, to Twelfth avenue, to Point IvJbos, to
Central avenue, to Post, to >tor»
1 p. m.— Store to Oak. to Ortavla. to MrAlUster. to Fllimor*.
.to Broadway, to Larkln, to Market, to store.
r ¥
935-937-939-941-943-945-947 Market Street.
STANFORD STOCK
HELD IN ESCROW
Will So Remain Until
Paid For in Full.
NEW YORK. Dee 6 -The Herald says:
Seml-offivial confirmations of the story
that th>' HuntJngton-Spcjrer interests have
acquired 140,000 shares of Ilopklnn bold-
Ings of Southern P .
mined In Wall street to-day. Th« prin
cipals in th" transaction, however, refused
y anything regarding the matt- r
It v ihat the purchase of th»
Hopkins holdings was arranged for
th>- time tbe syndicate purchase of the
Stanford sto<k was completed and that
the ontlro amount h .: n obtained
Furt hi'rnmre. It Is said hy the 'inside"
interests that th<» Stanford stock hn !
placed In escrow, where It will r
until the last of fivo semi-annual pay
ments on it have b»cn mad*
D. O. Mills may go Into th« Southern
ParlfV directorate ar the time John \V.
Mackuy becomei ■ director.
Orphans in Luck.
By the will of E. I. Upham. deceased,
one-third of his estate was left In trust
for the Good Templars' Home for Or
phans at Vallejo. There w.is n ontf^l
In the matter, raised by J. M. ■■• •: L. M.
Upham. and an appeal was taken from
the order made by Judge Bu< kit a of So
lano County, sustaining the benuost to
the home, to the Supreme Court, which
has affirmed the order of the court be
low. This decision Rives the Home tor
Orphans something over $75,000 nd the
children of the contestants about Jyi.O'X/.
To Dine the Poor.
The Salvation Army ••• preparing for
Its annual Christmas dinner, which Will
be Riven this year in Odd Fellows' Hail.
It Is expected that at least li>j<) rcopl.*
will avail themselves of the opportunity.
Staff Captain H. Connett has full chargre
of the arrangements, and the chief so
licitor for donations Is Captain Sarah Fry.
Donations of money or provisions should
be sent to 1139 Market street, and all com
munications should be addressed tJ Col
onel W. Evans, the Pacific Coast com
mander.
If you want a healthy drink try Je*s» Moor*
"AA" whl*k*>y
Catarrh, Deafness,
X *' in tars,
* - - - - y**f ' LU N b
Diseases Positively Cured by
DR. GQTTINGHAM'S «££*
632 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
Marble stair entrance.
Hours — 3-12 a. m. ; 1-3 and 7-3 p. m.
Cut this out. pr<»f>»nt at once; good for one
w*ek FItEE TITATMKNT and medicine at
ottlce. or write car particulars. Do not delay.
Limoges Chinawarc
Bargains.
It*9 Worth Vonr
Coming: Just to See.
Great Americas Importing Tea Go.
Central 210-212 Grant avc. •' :'-
Stores : Bet. Suttcr and Post sts.
861 Market St.. op. Powell.
52 Market St., foot California.
Branch Stores Everywhere.
Hale'a,
3-Day Specials I
I prroat assortment of holiday
Groceries and Wines.
It Is satisfaction and money
saved to buy hero.
So don't forget It—
And you'll not regret It.
WALNUTS, 2 lbs 25c
Choice new crop
Engllnh walnuts.
Regularly 15c a Ib.
ITALIAN PRUNES, Ib 10c
JuKt --<-»ir»J. a fresh
•hlpment of thl* delicious
fruit. 30 prunes to the lb.
H^fiilarly lie.
YELLOWSTONE WHISKY,
Full qt. hot. SI. OO, gallon $4
Regularly SI ?'. and S3 00.
ENGLISH MUSTARD, tin 10c
K^en'n I/indon.
rnrqualM in quality.
Regularly 15c.
SWEET CIDER, gal 400
Mntt'a celebrated New York
Arple Cider. '
Regularly 10c.
TOOTHPICKS, pkg 20c
■\Vorld'« Fair brand,
made from nrance wood.
llec^ilarly Me.
.MAIL ORDERS SOLICITED.
NEW CATALOGUE FREE.
39 STOCKTON ST, 3253 FILLMORE ST,
Old nuirbtf 21 Stockton Corner Lombard.
St. n««fM. TiUabta* fN | lit
T«U»h*M Mtla JIM.
CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME.
IT IS WONDERFUL
That 75 cents wiii buy this
handsome oak stand — but then
we are aUays ofenng tome
startling value.
THE J. NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
1017-lOJ* m/ss/ow armser.
flbova Slxtr).
cokei~cokeT
P. A. McDonald.
Weak Men and Women