VOLUME LXXXVI-NO. 9.
AGUINALDO
DECLARES A
DICTATORSHIP
If He Gains Supreme Power
It Is Thought He Will
Make Peace Terms.
LAWTON'SMEN READY
Troops Prepared to Depart at Short
Notice in Any Direction
Desired.
Sp«><-ia.l Dispatch x>-> Th<» Call.
LONDON, June 8.- The I^>n
don Filipino junta asserts the
Pope has foi o Wash
ington the protesi against the
Bses of Americans In the
Philippines, which his
received from the religious or
ders in Manila.
LONDON. June B.— A special dis
patch from Manila to-day says it
is reported to-day that. Ag'uinaldo has
dissolved the Filipino Congress and
has proclaimed himself dictator.
WASHINGTON, June S. — Officials
here are in doubt as to whether Aguln
ald". in. declaring his dictatorship, is
animated by a desire to rid himself of
hi? refractory generals, Pilar and Luna,
or whether he aims to consolidate in hi.*
own hands the power to make terms oT
peace. It is known from "the reports
of President Bchurman of the American
Philippine Commission ifcat these two
generals owe only faint allegiance to
•'aid". and their attitude toward
the peace negotiations has made these
negotiations ineffectual, the civilian
members of the Filipino side of the
joint commission being 1 completely
overawed and dominated by the
military element controlled by these
generals. It is believed here if Aguin
aldo can bend these men to his will and
assume supreme control he will at
once make terms for peace, being able
to secure better terms for himself than
he would otherwise.
MANILA. June 8, 7:4 , p. — General j
Lawtop's troops are in readiness to de- i
part within half an hour in any direc
tion. ia^SSSJ .'- *,'.i: wii-
The Second Oregon Infantry is pre
paring to sail for home, but departure
will probably be delayed until Tuesday.
The rumor that Aguinaldo has estab- j
lished a dictatorship and is placing un- ;
der arrest those who are known to be
in favor of an autonomous form of
government is credited by leading Fili
pinos her-.
Members of the family of Senor Bu
encamino. one of the Filipino commis
sioners who were recently captured by
General Luna while on their way to
Malolos to join other native commis- ■
sioners and detained by that leader,
have been interviewed at Sulipan. They
Fay that Major Buoncamino, son of the
captured commissioner, has challenged
Luna to fight a duel on account of the
Insult to his father, whom Luna is al
leged to have struck.
The United States cruiser Boston,
Captain Whiting, has sailed for San
Francisco by way of Nagasaki, Japan,
a-ith long service ■ fficers and men from
the various American warships.
The battleship Oregon will soon be
stationed .off Dagupan, in the Gulf of !
Lingayen. on blockade duty. A United
States gunboat commanded by Ensign
W. H. Standley has captured three sail-
Ing vessels and one steamer off the
Island of Negros.
Favorable reports are still being re
reived from the party of fifteen Ameri
cans belonging to the gunboat York
town, headed by Lieutenant J. C. Gill
more of that vessel, captured on April
12 by the Filipinos not far from Baler.
The prisoners are all well and are re
ceiving fair treatment.
,
FIGHTING TO CONTINUE
DURING THE WET SEASON
NEW YORK. June 8. The Herald's
Washington correspondent sends th"
following: Secretary Hay has received
from civilian members of the Philip
pine Commission their individual views
reeardlng the war Bituation. In the
main these are encouraging, showing,
according to an official with whom J
talked, that the Insurgent force j s rp _
Buced to 10.000 men: thai Aguinaldb is
hesitating as lo what his future line of
conduct will he, and that most () f the
natives owning property in the archi
pelago favor the enforcement By the
United States of sovereignty over the
.slands. The oonfmlssii • inited
Dn the following propositions, instruc
tions in accordance with which were
lent to General Otis and President
Schurman several days ago:
First— That the .natives appreciate
the military superiority of the Ameri
can troops, and that it is desirable to
rontinue to use it In such manner dur
ing the rainy season as to keep alive
the fear which the operations of Otis'
command have created.
Second— That it is desired in the in
terest of the early establishment of
peace that no opportunity should be
oat to educate the natives, as the com
mission has done in the past, in order
that they may understand the benefi
cent intentions of this Government.
While the commission is to continue
its negotiations with the insurgents,
recent advices show that it will not be
very active in this direction for some
time.
General Otis will continue his opera
tions and continued success on the part
it the American troops during the
rainy season will, the officials believe,
have the effect of making the insur
gents too tired and apprehensive to
withstand the vigorous assaults which
will be made when the dry season be-
Kin*
The San Francisco Call.
DREYFUS TO LEAVE DEVILS
ISLAND TO-DAY.
CRUISER SFAX UPON WHfChT DREYFUS IS RETURNING TO FRANCE.
F^ORT DE FRANCE. Martinique*^viaj6agrti>, -June 8. — The French cruiser Sfax, which is to take
jp^W^nptain Dreyfus back to Frnnc^'JfcHKfed to arrive off Devils Island this afternoon. The dis
patch boat Goeland left Civenrta. ti\3L |M|this morning in order to arrange for the embarking
of theArisoner. The Goeland saue<l*ceyei^^WvP^pftad of the time- originally fixed on account of the
great •pepp'le who* mm ted' tg*go to Devils* Island to see in order embark. Governor embarking
er. The Goeland sa\lerl*«seve'i^^^mJ^Mfcad of the time originally fixed on account of the
-erf "jepple who. wanted' to^ go to Devils* Island to see Dreyfus embark. Governor Mouttet re
fused paSflWJMpft to all. While 'Drey/us is making his final preparations for the voyage home, the cifax will
take on fl9Bply of coal, orders for which were given yesterday. The cruiser will probably sail for Brest
to-morr^^Tnorning.
PARIS, June B:— Slight riots nc
ning I" ■ ■
revisionists and anti-revisionist
after a meeting addressed by M
Francois de Press* nze of tin
Temps. In the Clichy district of Paris
There were several fights between riot
and police, who charged the popu
lace. Finally the revisionists made 1
• th>' residence of M. Zoli
wiih the object of demonstrating, bu
■t< rfered. Several revolvei
shots were fired during the disturbance
and twenty persons were placed undei
arrest.
In the lobbies of the Chamber of Dep
day there was much talk of th«
possibility "f the overthrow of the Du
ouy Cabinet n».\t week. <;ossip ?<a.vf
DISHONESTY
OF STANDARD
OIL TRUST
Eight Grades Taken From
Two Tanks, the Faucet
Being Neatly Juggled.
COMPETIIION KILLED
All Kinds of Prices Charged and
Mean Practices to Force Out
Its Rivals.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, June B.— The Indus
trial Commission resumed it:' Investi
gation ol trusts, the Standard oil Com
pany receiving especial attention. W.
H. Clark of Ohio, who until last Febru
ary was employed by the Standard Oil
Company in various towns In that
State, but was then suspended, testified
that while employed at Marietta, the
Standard had ousted other companies
from the business by competition and
then put up the price of oil.
•Mark said that eight nominal grades
of oil were sold nut of only two tanks,
the faucet being turned in different di
rections for different grades. This was
he said, under instructions from
the managers of the Standard Com
pany, Messrs. Matthews and Hollings
worth. <Mnrk also said that tho com
pany bought :ind sold turpentine, but
before selling it would put six <<r seven
gallons of gasoline in each barrel of
turpentine.
At Columbus Clark was the cashier of
ih<* Standard Oil Company. At that
poim he said much oil was adulterated.
For instance, miners' nil was made by
mixing in a little cottonseed oil. Here
the Standard Company started with
what is called the Shoemaker Oil Com
pany. This was a purely Standard es
tablishment, he testified, its men being
paid by the Standard Company, but it
was mnrif to appear to be an indepen
dent concern and was used as a blind.
At Springfield Clark said he was a
wagon salesman, and the instructions
there were to get trade regardless of
the price. Some refined oil was sold as
low as 4 cents, and here also as many
as four nominal grades of oil were
taken from one tank. Rebates were
made when necessary. When he had
spoken to the management of the dis
honesty of these practices he had been
told that it was not for him to say
about such matters, but to do what he
was told.
At T'rbana, he said, he was manager
for the standard Company. Here a
competitor was driven out by a threat
to force the price down to 1 cent a gal
lon. The competitor afterward went to
th> Poorhouse. Witness for a time wafe
manager in Newark. Here th« work
was very hard because of the great
range of prices. There wen twenty
five different figures used there. One
man would gel oil for 7 cents, while
his next-d ■ neighbor would p.-.y 0 5 £
cents. Rebates also were given lo es
pecially favored patrons. These won?
SAN FRANCISCO. FRIDAY, JUNE 9, 1899.
LONDON. June P. — The Rome
correspondent of the Daily Mail
"The Puke of Orleans, who
left Palermo yesterday, is now on
rd his yacht, tin- Maroussla,
at <i''!i"a. and expresses his Inten
tion to go to Paris soon."
hat President Lou bet is not too well
•leased at the failure of the Govern
ment to take greater precautions to
►reven't the Auteuil demonstration and
vould not be averse to ,-: change of
Ministers in any event. Probable lists
if members of a new Cabinet are pass
-115 from hand to hand. Much depends
ipon the outcome of the treatened dem
onstrations at- th« ffrjrn<r 7Mx ■~r?£~".
made under thr instructions of R a.
Matthews, as were all changes in price
or terms.
The witness testified that at Newark
the company bought a building from
over a Laser's head, who was dump a
competitive business, and Clark, with
other men. went into the buildinp In
the absence of the competitor, loaded
the building on carts and carried it
away. For this he ( Clark > was com
plimented and was to have been re
warded with a two weeks' vacation,
while the competitor was so frightened
that he went out of th° business. This
was not accomplished, however, until
all his customers had been located by
a boy hired to follow his wagon on a
bicycle. At Newark a customer wanted
Oil from Cleveland. He was satisfied
by supplying him out of a barrel
painted red and marked as if front
Cleveland. He received the same oil,
however, that other people pot.
The witness said laborers for the
Standard Company were generally paid
':> cents a day and that they worked on
[an averape f twelve hours" a day.
There was, he said, often a difference
of 2 cents a gallon in the price of oil
in places where there was competition
i and places where there was none.
SACRAMENTO AND YOLO
COUNTIES MAY BATTLE
Good Prospect of a Merry War Unless
a Peace Conference Is Called
to Fix Matters.
SACRAMENTO. June B.— There is a
prospect for a war between th>- counties
of Volo and Sacramento unless ,-i peace
conference is called to patch up existing
differences. Yolb and Sacramento have
not dwelt in very close brotherhood fir
some time, owing- to the habit of the
Sacramentaiis to build l<?vees a little hJtrli
er th;,n their Yolo neighbors across tlie
river, thereby offering to the dwellers !n
the tule belt g surer prospect of being
drowned out a* regular Intervals.
Since the erection of the Elkhorn ease.
ment conslueraahle of this aggravation
has been removed, but the Yolo residents
along the river have a new hone of con
tention. There is a ferry at Frcepor-,
r-ljrht miles down the river, connecting
FOIO with Sacramento County. The ferry
is Downed by John Soto. Every t'me. a
farmer living on the Yolo side deslr.d to
cross over to the Sacramento shore n»- bad
to pay the ferryman's tribute. Finally,
after this ruftnm had been followed for
years, the farmers on the Yolo ski" and
several on the Sacramento side, reinforced
by Sacramento merchants, petitioned the
Supervisors of this county for a fr.^e ferry
at Free port Meanwhile Soto applied to
the Supervisors for a renewal of the
franchise, and the petitioners employed
counsel and fought against it. However
the Hoard of Supervisors yesterday form
ally renewed the franchise held by flito.
and in effect reminded the Yolo residents
that if they wanted to come to Sacramen
to they should make their Supervisors
build them good roads that would take
them to this city by way of the Volo
bridge. The resident's of the locality in
terested in the ferry, however, have not
taken kindly to this friendly advice, but
instead have started a petition addressed
to the Roard of Supervisors of Yolo Coun
ty nsking it to impose a license of $50 per
month upon every grocer, butcher, baiter
and other supply dealer who drives nvt-r
from Sacramento County to transact busi
ness In Yolo County.
AFTER STREET CONTRACTORS.
Laborers at Los Angeles Claim to Be
Unjustly Treated.
LOS ANOKLKS. June fc.— The Labor
Union Council will in all probability seek
to enforce against street sprinkling- con
tractors by legal proceedings the eight -
hour flay nnd the $2 wage statute. At a
mooting- of tho council evidence was sub
mit u'fl thnt demonstrated employes In
that department received tw cent? in rash
per 'my and paid 50 cents a day for board
to bosses for the poorest class of food.
The Labor Council asserts that the con
tracto'ra have plven a bond and signed
contracts that call for monthly wagps and
no <!'i< (cage Employes assert that when
needing money they had earned they are
shaved 10 per cent on advances before
pay da v.
M. Dupuy presided at the Cabinet
council to-day when the measured to be
taken were considered.
It is announced that the Government
has decided not to allow any of the
generals who art- mixed up in the Drey
fus affair to take part in the review at
Lor.gchamps on July 14.
The refusal of the Government to al
low M. Joseph Lasers, anti-Semite and
anti-revisionist Deputy for Cora, to In
terpellate on the Dreyfus affair, led to
a renewal of violent scenes in the
Chamber to-day. His motion was final
ly shelved by an overwhelming major-
There are increasing Indications that
there will be violent scenes at Auteuil
on Sunday, as various parties are ex
pressing a determination 10 demon
strate. •■....
CUBANS NOW
PLAN TO PLY
THE TORCH
Plot to Fire the Island if
Independence Is Not
Granted.
TO WAIT TWO YEARS
Then if the United States Does
Not Turn Over the Government
Incendiarism Will Follow.
Spprlal Dispatrh to Th* Call.
NEW york, June B.— ln a private
letter received by the Herald to-day
from a distinguished Cuban, now resi
dent of the T'nitPii Stairs, is ;i most
sensational statement about the plans
of thr> irreconcilable Cubatl leaders
The writer Is conservative, and is in
a position to know what is groins on at
present in Cuba. The information is
as follows:
"The latest story from Cuba, whirh
I have every reason to bplleve, having
b.>en told me by a prominent Cuban
whoso intimacy with the leaders in Ha
vana lends authority to the statement,
is that the former revolutionary ele
ment has decided to make a virtue of
necessity and gracefully, to outward
appearances, accept American inter
vention.
"At the end of two years, however,
if Cuban independence is not acknowl
edged and the government transferred
to the Cubans, the torch is to be ap
plied from one end .of the island to the
other, by which means all foreign in
vestments will lie destroyed.
"When it is considered that the
wealth of Cuba Is dependent on its
agricultural development, chiefly cane
and tobacco, and that a firebrand
maliciously applied in a dry cane field
would cause the destruction of thou
sands of dollars of valuo in a single
night, the enormity of the plot becomes
apparent."
OTIS CABLES WHEN THE
VOLUNTEERS WILL LEAVE
WASHINGTON, June ,B.— General
Otis cables as follows regarding the re
turn of volunteers:
MANILA, June B.— Adjutant General
Washington: Oregon request to defer
time of departure, until 12th; will leave
for Portland in transports Ohio and New
port. Sixth Infantry upon arrival will re
lieve Californians at Negros. Hancock
sails in a few days with Nebraska - and
other troops. .
-■•.■■- ' -■•— — — ■ •.-.._
HURRYING ENLISTMENT
FOR THE PHILIPPINES
CHICAGO. June B.— A AVashington
special to the Tribune says-: An urgent
order was sent to all recruiting officers
to hurry enlistments for the Philip
pine service. Otis needs men badly.
NEW EVIDENCE
AGAINST DIER
IS UNEARTHED
Chain of Circumstances
Tighten About Suspected
Slayer of Lorraine.
THEY HAD QUARRELS
Marin County Officials Believe That
the Missing Wojdchoppsr's Body
Will Soon Be Found.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
The authorities of Marin Coun
ty unraveling the mystery of the
disappearance of Peter Lorraine,
have made visible progress in that j
they have discovered a motive for
the possible killing of Lorraine by
Dier, the suspect now in jail. It
is true the motive is puerile. A
quarrel, nevertheless, over the most
trivial matter has more than once
led to homicide.
SAN RAFAEL; June B.— Evidence of
a startling nature, tending to in
crease the suspicions of the au
thorities against Suspect James
Dier. was unearthed to-day at
. Carson Canyon by Sheriff Taylor and
| Detective Ed Gibson. Both officials are
I now absolutely convinced that Peter
Lorraine, the aged woodehopper of
Marin County's "Black Hole*" has been
! ruthlessly murdered by a bloodthirsty
assassin, and they have secured evi
dence that they believe will be suffi
: cient to send the ' prisoner, who lan
i guishes here in the County Jail, to the
1 gallows if the missing woodchopper's
body is found hidden in the tangled
: underbrush close to his lone hut.
Runyon Sabrinus. an aged inhabit
i ant of Carson Canyon, who had been
' the missing woodchopper's boon com
panion, and his brother, Charley Sa
' brinus, an employe or John Enos' lum-
I her camp, made revelations to Sheriff
Taylor and Detective Gibson this after
j noon which tightened- th" tins of
guilt which the. authorities are leaving
no stone- unturned to forge about their
prisoner. Runyon Sabrinus has sup
plied the only tangible information
which furnishes a motive for the al-
I leged murder.
A day or so before Lorraine disap
j peared he became Involved in a heated
; quarrel with Dier over the killing of
one of the former's pet cats. According
: to the story which Sabrinus related in
detail to Sheriff Taylor and Detective
I Gibson to-day, Lorraine accused Dier
! of having killed, the cat, and while the
■ two woodchoppers were angrily dis
i cussing the matter he was passing the
i cabin, and, fearing that Dier, who was
] much younger and stronger than Lor
raine, would attempt violence. Sabrinus
remained within hearing distance. They
did not come to blows, but Sabrinus
claims. that .Dier was acutely agitated,
j and from his threatening attitude he
I judges in the light of subsequent events
that the quarrel was serious enough to
end in bloodshed!
Detective Gibson and Sheriff Taylor
agree with Sabrinus in this opinion, and
they had little hesitancy in stating to
night, after having a lengthy interview
with the suspect, that If "Pete" Lor
raine has been murdered they have the
right man in custody. Charley Sabrinus
volunteered statements to-day which
increased the suspicions of the officials
against their prisoner.
The day after Lorraine mysteriously
dropped out of sight Dier was so vis
ibly perturbed that he could not work.
Sabrinus, who was chopping wood with
a fellow workman, on the side of the
cnnyon, says he saw Dier pacing rest
lessly up and down the road with his
ax on his shoulder. Later in the day
Sabrinus came face to face with Dier
on the road. In telling his story to De
tective Gibson to-day Sabrinus stated
that Dier was so unusually excited
when they met on that day on the road
that he feared Dier would attempt to
strike him with the ax. Sabrinus' rela
tions with the prisoner had always been
extremely friendly, but he stated that
Dier's actions on that day were so pe
culiar that he feared the prisoner might
do him violence.
Another suspicious circumstance was
revealed, which Dier and his fellow
woodchoppers failed to mention when
he was placed under arrest. A few
days after Lorraine's disappearance
Dier left the camp, so- Sabrinus states,
and did not return for several days. He
said before leaving, as he told one
woodchopper, that he was going to San
Francisco, and another that he was
only going down the road a short dis
tance. .
Sheriff Taylor and District Attorney
Mclsaac left here early this morning in
a double team and drove to Carson
Canyon. They were joined later by De
tective Gibson, whom Chief Lees had
detailed to assist the authorities of
Marin in unraveling the mystery. Gib
son surveyed the situation carefully and
I was not long In forming the opinion
that the body of "French Pete" lies
hidden close to his lonely abode. They
beat the underbrush close to the cabin
for a short time, but as both Gibson
and Taylor were particularly anxious
to secure whatever evidence they might
| be able to find against the suspect, the
search for the body was quickly aban
doned. '••-.' -
The officers will leave here early to
morrow morning, and when they arrive
at the lumber camp they will commence
a systematic search for Lorraine's
body. In the hunt for the missing wood
chopper's body they will be assisted by
SILVER DICK
BLAND DYING
Members of the Family Are
Summoned to His
Bedside.
ST. LOUIS. Juno 8. — A dispatch from Lebanon. Mo., says: Congressman
Richard P. Bland at 4 o"clock this afternoon was growing steadily worse.
He was unconscious and his death might be looked for at almost any
moment.
LEBANON. Mo., June 8. — At 10 p. m. Mr. Bland appeared somewhat
brighter, .and will probably live through the night. He has been speeehlest
for twenty-four hours.
The physicians regard the case as hopeless and have so informed the
family. All of his family are at the dying man's bedside tn-night except his
brother. Judge C. C. Bland of the St. Louis Court of Appeals, who has been
telegraphed for.
every woodchopper in the camp. Sheriff
Taylor ami District Attorney Mclsaac
have offered a reward of $50* for the re
covery of the body.
(in returning from Carson Canyon
this evening Detective Gibson and
Sheriff Taylor closeted themselves with
Dter in his roll for over two hour?. He
sti!! protested his innocence, but when
Gibson cross-questioned him he made
Several contradictory statements. When
told of the important evidence which
they had amassed Dier almost broke
down, lie was extremely nervous and
shifted from one end of his cot to the
other. His replies were spasmodic, and
when pressed for .in answer which
might incriminate him Dier reminded
his inquisitors that he was not com
pelled to make any statement before
his preliminary examination. He in
quired particularly as to the attitude
of the public toward him. and when
told that the entire country was in
tensely excited over Lorraine's disap-
pearance he said:
"Well. I guess the whole world is
against me now." When Gibson and
Taylor left the prisoner he was on the
verge of collapse. The following signed
statement of Sheriff Taylor is self
explanatory:
1 am convinced that if Lorraine has
been murdered we have the right man. ;
The evidence against him is pretty strong!
nnd his demeanor is that of wp who re- |
alizes his position tn be pretty bar). De
tective Gibson is of the same opinion. The :
most absurd thing in connection, with the
whole affair is the slush printed about
Miss Bertha Stedman. in which she is i
represented as a female Gahoriau or.
Sherlock Holmes. To the best of my |
knowledge the girl never was in ("arson
Canyon until to-day. She did not no- |
tify me of the circumstances at all; and
her letter was sent to the Marin Journal I
three days after John F.nos told me of j
Lorraine's disappearance.
\V. P. TAYLOR.
Sheriff Marih County.
SHOT BY A BURGLAR
WHOM HE CAPTURED
Special Police Officer Carroll of Sac
ramento Receives a Serious
Wound.
SACRAMENTO, June 8.-W. A. Carroll,
a special police officer, who patrols a beat
in the southeastern part of the city, was
shot l>y a burglar about 2 o'clock this
morning and seriously wounded. The bul
let entered the officer's neck. Carroll h:xd
seen a man enter the yard of 1.. Meblus,
who resides at Eleventh and N streets,
and at once followed him In, finding the
fellow Industriously at work trying to
open a window. As soon as he seiw tho
officer ho ran, with Carroll in hot pur
suit. The burglar was caught before he
had gone a block, and the officer escorted
him to a grocery at Twelfth and O
streets, where he went in to telephouc t<>
the police station for the natrol waggon.
The officer had searched the man. but
could not find a weapon upon him. While
Carrol] was telephoning the burglar
supped a pistol out of his boot and shot
him. After Hie officer had fallen tho
burglar snapped his revolver at htm sev
eral times, but th<> cartridges would not
explode. The officer managed to get lo
his feet and gave chase to the would-be
assassin, firing at him as he ran. But tho
officer was then so weak from the loss of
blood that he could not get the man. The
officers have a good description of the
burglar and expect to capture him soon.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
KRUGER MAY
NOW GET AN
ULTIMATUM
Utter Failure of the Recent
Conlerence Between Mil
ner and Oom Paul.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOXDOX, June B.— The advices re
ceived here to-day from South Africa,
emai.ating from British sources, show
more completely the utter failure, of the
recent conference at Bloemfontein be
tween President Kruger and the Brit
ish High Commissioner. Sir Alfred Mil
ner.
A- dispatch from Matjesfonceio. sn:s
Sir Alfred Milner's proposals included
granting the I'itlanders additional
s.ars in the Rand district, and that
President Kruger, under pressure,
linally offered three additional seats.
The British High Commissioner there
upon pointed out the inadequacy of the
President's proposal, adding that he
had come to the conference in the hope
of being able to inform her Majesty's
Government that the President of the
Transvaal Government was able to af
ford such liberal measures of reform
as would enable the T'itlaiiders to help
themselves and relieve the Government
of the obligations to intervene in order
to redress particular grievances.
Throughout, it is added. President
Kruger sought to use the franchise pro
posals as the means of obtaining a
promise to settle the differences under
the convention hy arbitration, but the
British Commissioner refused to treat
the two subjects as interdependent,
taking the ground that international
reform in the Transvaal was necessary
in any case in order to preserve the in
dependence of the republic and as re
gards arbitration there were certain
questions upon which it cou4d not he
admitted, while on other questions ar
bitration was possibly admissible pro
vided a suitable tribunal was suggested
not involving the introduction of a for
eign povjer, which the governments
would never allow.
The morning: papers are beginning to
talk seriously nf the possibility of war
in South Africa. Mr. Chamberlain, Sec
retary of State for the Colonies, in his
speech in the House of Commons yes
terday, announced that his reply to the
petition of I'itlanders, which had been
held back pending 1 the result of the con
ference at Bloemfontein, wouTd now be
presented to the Transvaal.
This reply is semi-officially described
as "explicit but conciliatory," but it ia
believed to be in the nature of a prac
tical ultimatum. The resources of di
plomacy are regarded as exhausted
with the failure of the conference.2
HANNA PAYS HIS
RESPECTS TO THOSE
WHO OPPOSE HIM
No Earthly Power Could Keep
the Anti=Trust Plank Out
of Ohio Platform.
NEW/YORK, June B.— A staff corre
spondent of th- Brooklyn Eagle Inter
viewed Senator Hanna In Cleveland to
day on Ohio politics. Hanna denied
th.' story afloat in Cincinnati to the
• ihnt while he was In the Neil
House at Columbus, as the Hamilton
County anti-Cox delegation passed, he
irked, upon being told who they
were, that they wen- a lot of blankety
blanks.
testioi G Men Rule Jones
of Toledo making any headway with his
ideas in the State?" the Senator an
"< >h. no: he does not amount to any
thing. Hi- is simply a crank, but he is
a moral crank, and that makes things
wi rse, for he believes iirhat he says. Be
is a disappointed candidate toi G >ver
nor. 1 took care to mak- 1 swine inquiries
as to what there really was in this
:ment in which he - - - ■'■ '
sent some of my labor lieutenants down
to Toledo to Bee who was behind Jones.
They found that the real workingmen
were not with him; thai he was backed
by the riff-raff Hows you find
ry city. All the liquor d<
bums were for him. alone with Demo-
S, and that is how he cam- to be
ed Mayor. When I learned that he
iiis fellows were • for
lelegates to th iventlon 1 told
■ of our timid people down that
ike a fight against
him. They did and beat him. and hi
not get a single delegate."
•Then you think," said the reporter,
th.it there is no strength to the Jones
movement?"
To this th.> Senator replied: "No
are only a lot of '-ranks
mms and idlers behind Jones. He
a what he says, but he- is a m iral
To the question. "How did you come
! the anti-trust plank Into the
Nothing is left, it is felt, but a recourse ]
The Daily Mail says it learn? that it
was President Kruger himself who sug
conference, and it claims to
reliable authority for declaring ;
that Sir Ufred Milner. the British High
Commissioner, has his back to the wall
and ted to the utmost by the
Cabinet.
imenting editorially, on the situa
tion the Daily Mail says: "if we know
Kruger aright, he will back down;
. why—."
The Daily Chroni . pates Mr.
Chamberlain's warlike attitude, but
not deny the gravity of the situa
ls the Boers to
grant reasonable reforms, "as the only
preserving their Independence
against the plots of the Sto k Exchange
and the violence of Downing street."
The Standard, which reminds the
Transvaal that its independence is not
but is contingent on a faith
icecution of the agreement Btipu
i equal rights for .ill white in
habitants, says: "We now demand that
all Englishmen resident in the Trans
vaal shall be treated with justice; and
may rest assured
that the whole countrj will Bupport the
Government In any measures required
to make this demand effective. Let
Mr. Kruger grant the Uitlanders full
citizenship and the whole question is
[, ,\t present he only offers a j
of hand for a ridiculous sum. pay
many years hence, In return for
our Immediate abandonment of all the
Jegal rights we now possess for en
forcing the payment of debts long over
due."
The rape Town correspondent of the
Times says: "At the close <>f the con
ference Mr. Kruger declared that he
was pleased at the friendly way in
which matters" had been discussed and
I they would understand each
other' better in the future."
TEMPORARY BOUNDARY LINES.
But They May Become Permanent
and Settle Alaskan Dispute.
WASHINGTON, June B When the
State Departmei for the day it
with the expectation on the part of
the officials that the modus Vivendi, which
las !"•• n under negotiation in London.
would be completed and Signed to-mor
r rw. This signature will probably take
place In London, a? bet-ween Embassador
id Lord Salisbury . unless the
: overnight.
Assuming that th" ngreement is on the
• ■• Instructions ser.t, th»
modus will fix the -provisional boundary
line between Alaska and Canada at three
points near th«- head of Lynn canal. These
will be sufficient, it Is • xpecud, to pre
y. Nt any further conflicts. These points
follows:
On the White Pass, at the "Id Canadian
m-house in th>- pass; on the Chilkoot
Pass likewise at the Canadian custom
which has existed for the past
eighteen months; on the Dal ton trail, just
the Indian village of Kluekwan.
The first two points were eas."ly fixed:
the hitch of moment has b^*>n over the
location of the individual point on the
m trail. The point named Is at the
head Of canoe navigation and fifteen miles
above tidewdter, which the Canadians
sought so strenuously to reach. The mo
du* provides only for a temporary dellm-
Itation, but there is great reason to be
li. vi- that thr- llms it will establish in
; d will he accepted by both parties
ac the best position of the vexed boundary
TRUE CHRISTIAN CHARITY.
Progress on Buildings for Stockton's
Old Men's Home.
STOCKTON, June B.— The Beveral build-
Ings comprising the Old M.-n's Home,
which arc hiinp erected through the ef
forts of Rev. Father \V. B. O'Connor and
the assistance of his parishioners, are rap
idly mnmmlng form. The buildings repre
sent much larger and more substantial
structures than the published pictures
outline. Thf- brick work on the main
building is about finished and the frame
work nf the other buildings is up. The
work has moved steadily forward since
the inying of the cornerstone /ten weeks
id the first at the year will probably
witness the opening of the noble institu
tion. Father O'Connor is taking a per
sonal Interest in every part of the work,
and the Institution will when completed
stand as a monument to his active work
in behalf of Christian charity.
ALL EMPLOYERS RESPONSIBLE
Judge Budd Renders an Interesting
Decision at Stockton.
STOCKTON. June B.— An important de
cision was rendered by Judge Budd to-day
in the cast- of P. Maggiori against Ernest
Rifi. on appeal from Justice Parker's
court. The case was one in which the
plaintiff, who had been hired by six men,
the defendant one of them, had brought
Buit «painst Rifl for his wages. Justice
Parker decided that the defendant was
not liable, and the plaintiff's attorneys
aL-oeuled the case. The upper court re
platform?" the Senator answered: "You
could not have prevented it any more
than you. could dam up Niagara."
When asked If the sentiment of the
convention was directed against any
paiticular trust, as, for instance, the
Standard Oil Company, Mr. Hanna
said:
"No, the Standard Oil Company has
done more for the State of Ohio than
any other corporation doing business
within its borders."
"When asked what was the secret of
ex-Mayor McKisson's opposition to
him the Senator said slowly and. sav
agely: "He is a d d, cold-blooded
scoundrel. He is ambitious for office.
I had to fiaht in this State men like
him, be well as the Democrats. The
people of th State know what kind of
man I am. They know I have spent
my time and money freely; that I have
sacrificed more for the party than any
other man in it, and that's why they
stood by me in these campaigns. Mc-
Kisson and his kind are double-dyed
scoundrels."
TOLEDO. Ohio. June B.— Referring to
the Hanna Interview published in the
Brooklyn Eagle "to-day, Mayor Jones
to-night said: "I never deal in per
sonalities. Hannaism, Plattism, Crok
■ rism and bossism are all the same.
it we could believe bossism would per
ish when the individuals who represent
it are dead our hope might be quick
ened, but Mr. Hanna, like all others of
his class, is simply the product of a
vicious social system, that only pro
vides a plan for the few to live.
"If Mr. Hanna is correctly reported,
his ignorance and amazing effrontery
are simply appalling. That he should
sink to the extent, of parading his ven
ality in the public press, Baying 'I sent
some of my labor lieutenants down to
Toledo, etc.. is a slight indication of
the kind of men we may look for in
our billionaire barons,' as they are
soon to be- known in this country un-
ps there is a radical change in the
social order."
versea the decision of the Justice's Court
on the ground that when one man was
lure, by a number of men. any one of the
number whs liable for the employe's
wages, and that the only recourse of the
one sued was to have the other employers
-■!u in as. codetendants. The decision
is one of considerable moment to work
men and to employers as well.
PROFESSOR ELSTON MAY
BE CALLED TO WOODLAND
Likely to Be Tendered the Position of
Principal of the High
School.
VtTOODLAND, Jane 8.-There is consid
ta!k. and It finds much favor to
effect that It ifess ir a. M. Elston of
Berkeley maybe tendered the position of
principal of the Woodi md High School
il satisfactorily rilled the p isition at Hes
perian College in this city for many
y v r .
CORRUPTION IN GOTHAM.
Additional Testimony ' Before the
Mazet Committee,
NEW YORK, June 8.-The session of the
Mazet legislative Investigation committee
to-day was the dullest that has been held
and the oppressive heat endured through
out the day made the testimony lag un
usually. The session opened with an at
tempt by Mr. Moss to refute the charges
?wf e A R ptaln Pr: that Charles A.
Monat had been railroaded to prison Mr
Mobs produced records showing that liof
t*L had . been convicted of putting his es
tate to improper use.
After this the main portion of the morn-
Ing session ,' vaF devoted to an effort to
by°TamminJ e Hlfl ter dePanment ' was run
<h^'™ nZ t 0 B. Gear, a discharged foreman in
the water works department, testified that
the payrolls were padded and that men
were given false positions when there was
no need for them. Gear told of being per
position and ultimatel >' forced out of hts
1 Testimony was also introduced in an at
tempt to show that the reason for the in
troduction of meters throughout thebuild
n,gs under the control of the water de
partment was the fact that the son of the
first assistant engineer was interested in
m for r WhlCh the de P artment had in
THROWN FROM A HORSE.
Miss Lillian Fitzgerald Is Seriously
Injured. "■ :>
ifttZl L £ 0 ' June — Miss Ulllan
Fitzgerald, the IS-year-old daughter of ex-
Attorney General Fitzgerald, was thrown
from a runaway horse last evening and
seriously Injured. A physician has been
in constant attendance at the young ladv 1 -?
bedside since, the accident,, though she
was somewhat improved to-day Misl
Fitzgerald was riding a spirited animal
along , the road leading from here to San
Rafael when it became frightened at a
train approaching from the Fear and took
the bit m its teeth and be an to run In
its mad career the horse narrowly avoid
ed a collision with two light vehicles
Near the railway station at this place the
stirrup came off. and the efforts of he
coo-headed girl to get astride the steed
failing, she was thrown heavily and ren
dered unconscious. rca
IWore the witnesses of the accident
reached the scene Miss Fitzgerald recov
ered her senses and was able to walk
home. Her head and face were badlr cut
and she sustained a number of severe
bruises. The chief anxiety of her parents
is caused by a fear that the "hock to hVr"
system may produce grave results as
time not enjoyed good health for tome
AN ENGAGEMENT BROKEN.
Difference of Religion Separates
Prince and Grand Duchess.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
BERLIN. June 8.-I am creditably in
formed that the engagement between
Prince Maximilian of Baden and Grand
Duchess Helcne, daughter of Grand Duke
Madimlr. has been definitely broken off
reU fo a n USe alleßed being a 'difference of
Prince Maximilian of Baden is the
nephew of Grand Duke Frederick of
Baden. He was born in 1867 and holds the
rank of captain in a Prussian cavalry
regiment His engagement to the Grand
Duchess Helene was announced last fall
Vote of Thanks to Kitchener.
LONDON, Juno h.— Both the House of
Lords and the House of Commons to-day
passed votc-s of thanks to General Lord
Kitchener of Khartoum and the other of
ficers and men engaged in the Soudan
campaign.
Michael Davitt, Irish National member
for South Mayo, protested and challen.vd
a division, with the result that there were
317 votes In favor of the motion and 20
against It.
A. J. Halfour, the Government leader
remarked that Mr. Davttt attended the
House "as an avowed enemy of our coun
try," adding that he understood that a
British reverse would not break his heart.
Idaho Grand Jurors.
WALLACE. Idaho. June B.— This after
i noon Judge Stewart issued an order for
| twenty grand jurors. The venire is re
, turnable Monday, and the Acting Sheriff
', is instructed to select men in parts of the
: county where least knowledge of the re
cent riots is likely to exist, and also to
| select men of stability with regard to
j their opinions.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUHE 9, 1899.
RACING BEGINS
AT MARYSVILLE
Spring Meeting of the
Jockey Club.
GOOD SPORT ON FAST TRACK
DORA DO THE WINNER OF THE
2:30 TROT.
Harris' Tip Tomores Captures the
Special Earners Event in Straight
Heats — Running Dashes
Won in Good Time.
Special Dispatch to The Calf. ■
MARYSVILLE. June B.— The spring
race meeting of the Marysville Jockey
Club, which is to continue tllree . .lays,
opened at Agricultural Park this after
noon under favorable conditions. The at
tendance was un to all first days at a
Marysville meeting-. The track is de
clared by horsemen a fast one and the
weather is all thai can be desired.
The judges were \V. P. Hark.-y. John
Seward and S. U. Bradley. The following
acted as time keepers: "Daggy" Smith
of Sacramento and 11. E. Whitman of San
Francisco. .
For the 2:30 trot, which was for a purse
of $80, two in three, the following horses
were entered: Walter McAlpine's Dora
Do J. J. McGrath s Kallony and D. E.
Knight's Dos Minutos. Suel Harris' Lin
riele did not come' to the scratch. Dos
Minutos sold favorite in the pools at jr.,
with $6 for the Held.
In the first heat the horses scored six
times before they got away. On leaving
the wire the favorite broke and fell buck
to third place, Dora Do taking the lead.
\t the quarter the mare was six lengths
ahead, with Fallony second by four I
lengths. Nearing tiie turn uos .Imuios j
maae a splendid spurt for second place !
and on reaching the turn was giving Dora
Do a great race. Down the stretch ne j
closed the gap to three lengths. Dora Do
won. Dos Minutos second; Time, 2:2i 1,2.'l ,2.'
In the second heat Dora Do again
forged ahead, the favorite taking third
place until the stretch was reached. Dora.
Do was live lengths ahead at the quar
ter, three lengths at the half and two
lengths ahead of Dos Minutos coming un- |
der the wire. Time. 2:25.
Dora Do won the heat, race and first
money, Dos Minutes won second monoy
and ballony third money.
The second race of tin- day was n apt
cial trot", two In three, purse $100. Ihe
entries were William Leech's Director H.
S. Harris' Tip Tomores. L. Paddillu'd i
Hazel B. W. Gavin's Shannon. Tip sold
favorite at $5. against $4 tor the field.
In the lirst heat the favorite took the ,
lead and made the mile .without a skip, j
Hazel B was second. Shannon third and j
Director H fourth. Time, 2:32.
The second heat was a repetition of the
first heat, except that Shannon took sec- '
ond place from Hazel B. The time- was •
2:29%. «^
Shannon- and Hazel B divided second
money.
The first running race, live-eighths of a 1
mile dash, was for a purse of $100. The i
entries were P. W. McCune's Redwood, ]
Dan Morgan's Lou L, T. W. Morton's i
Rometta and French's Jessie O. The last i
named sold favorite and won in 1:04. 1. >;: |
L was second, Redwood third and Ro- j
metta fourth.
The last race on the programme was a i
throe-quarters of a mile dash, with the j
following entries: John Foley's Major
Cook, A. M. Kinnel's Sir Urian. H. E.
Whitman's Chihuahua. C. I. Thacker's
Somls, F. M. Starkey'e Jim Bozeman. The
last named sold favorite. Jim Bozeman
was first. Major Cook second and Chihua
hua third. Time. 1:15. ",
SUMMARY. •
First race, 2:30 trot, purse $80, two in 1
three:
Dora Do 1 1
Dos Minutos 2 2
Fallony 3 3
Time". 2:21".,. 2:25.
' . y
Second race, special trot, purse $100, two
in three:
Tip Tomores ..1 1,
Haze! B 2 3
Shannon 3 2
Director H 4 4
Time. 2:32. 2:29*4-
Third race, five-eighths of a mile, run
ning, purse $100— Jessie O won. Lou L sec
ond. Redwood third, Rometta fourth.
Time, 1:04.
Fourth race, three-fourths of a mile,
running, purse $100— Jim Bozeman won,
Major Cook second. Chihuahua third, Sir
Urlan fourth. Somis fifth. Time, 1:15.
— i — _ .
TULLA FONSO WINS
GOLDEN ROD STAKE
ST. LOUIS, Mo.. June B.— At the fair
| grounds to-day the track was very sloppy
; and the time was slow. The principal
event on the card was the Golden Roil
I stake, wqrth $1500. for three-year-olds
I who never won a larger stake. Tulla
Fonso, a good second choice, not consid
ered a mud horse, got off In front and
| kept the lead throughout, winning easily
jby two lengths. Lee Bruno was second,
i a nose in front of Banish. Chancery
saved her money. Results:.
Five furlonce— El Derim won. May Forbes
second, Little Will third. Time, 1:06.
Six furlongs, selling— Trombone won, W. B.
I Gates Second, Pat Morrlssey third. Time, 1:17.
Mile and a sixtoenth— Applejack won, Rush
ti-i is Second, Llvadla third. Time, UWii.
Golden Rod stake?, for three-year-olds, worth
SISOO, Roven furlongs, sellii. ?— Tulla Fonno won,
Le<? Bruno second, »anii»h third. Time, 1:31 Vi.
\ Five furlongs— Woodtri<-> 1 w..n. Ifortta Voimer
I second. Sihr.ncy third. Time, l:ftsVi.
i One mile— Found won. Forget Not second,
I Branch third. Time. l:4B&
CINCINNATI. June B.— The Star of
Bethlehem surprised the crowd at La
! tonla to-day by winning an easy victory
' over Rush. The Lady In Blue and other
i high class horses In the handicap at six
: furlongs. The Star of Bethlehem was 8
! to 1 in the betting. Lady Curzon was the
only favorite that won. Jockey Coley
; Thompson, who was suspended for one
; year for foul riding at Newport, has been
granted permission to ride for his era
; plover. W. J. SVjele, by the Latoni i
, judges. Weather cloudy; track good, ile-
I suits:
Six furlong*— Quaver won, Tillie W second,
Fair Deceiver third. Time, 1:15.
Five lurlongs — Lady Curzon won. Fair Dell
second. Isabinda third. Time, 1:O1V4.
One mle, celling— Trimmer won, King Elk
wood serond, Richardson third. Time, 1:43.
Handicap, fii* furlongs— The Star of Bethle
hem won, Souchon second, George Kratz third.
Time, 1:16.
Five furlongs— lda Ledford won. Lady Elite
second, Bahia third. Time, 1:03.
One mile. oWling— Kunja won, Dutch Come
• iifin second, Salvarse third. Time, 1:43.
NEW YORK, June B.— There was a lot
1 of good racing at Gravesend to-day and
the attendance was good in spite of the
. heat. In the Manhasset stakes Mark
Check was a slight favorite over >!<•-
Meekin, but Trumpet went to the front a
furlong from the start and won ea3lly.
In the May stakes Toluca and Fly-by-
Night made all the running until A N B
came from the rear and In a hot drive
beat Fly-by-Night by a neck. Results:
Five furlongs— St. Finnan won. The Corinth
ian second, Mr. Jersey third. Time, 1:03.
One mile and a sixteenth— lmp won, Chute
second, Azucena third. Tim?. 1:19.
Manhaswet, four and a half furlongs— Trum
pet won. McMeekni second, Mark Cheek third.
Time :&6. . -.-■..• . :
One mile and a sixteenth— Uaitv cJ: burn won,
Strathconan second, Kirkwood third. Time,
1:47%. ■ • ■ '
The May stakes, selling, six furlongs— A. N.
B. won, Fly-by-Night second, Toluca third.
Time, 1:15V4- "• .
One mile and a sixteenth, Belling: -I3»n'icck
won. Dan Rice, second. Merry Prince third
Time, 1:48*. .• ■^■•\V-:
CHICAGO, June B.— Results at Harlem
to-day. Weather clear; track fast:
One mile, selling— Phidias won, Gopsallver
second, Myosotis third. Time. 1:43,2*.
Four furlongs, two-year-olds— raw
won, Lanza second, Fanny Wynn third. Time
:484. .-■-•-.• ;■•*,. , ,/„
Seven furlongs— Brigade won. ' Harry Nutter
second, Hobart third. Time, 1:28V4.
One mile and 100 yards— Pointer won
Rifle second. Tenby third. Time. 1:48. -■:
Five ■ furlongs, two-year-olds— lndian ' won
Mttten second, Ravenswood third. Time, 1:1)2', i!
One mile, selling— King Bermuda won, Lo
cust Blossom second, Banquo II third. T»ia e
1:42%. "v-'.-x'-;^
MINISTER STORER
HAS BEEN FOUND
NEW YORK, June B.— Washington special to the Hei*fi4|*«j^:, Bel
lamy Storer, Minister of the United States to Spain, su\.ri*dß+iMm a % Se
bastian to-day for Madrid. Mr. Storer will reach MadfidJUß KiP'rug
was expected there. It was the original intention tliatPP^Wjiuuuw'be. :\'
ceived by the Queen Regent about the same time that theHlHic d'Arcos yras
received by President McKinley, and the general date fixed was this week.
The Duke arrived in Washington, however, last week, and the President
and Secretary Hay decided there was no reason why they should wait for
the arrival of Mr. Storer in Madrid. This is the explanation of Mr. Storer's
apparent disappearance, nothing being heard from him since he left Paris,
and it was not known until to-day that he was at San Sebastian.
WASHINGTON, June S.— The State Department having located Bellamy
Storer, our Minister to Madrid now wants it to appear that 'the officials
have known of his whereabouts all along. They claim he was on leave, but
the truth is that yesterday they did not know where he was. A telegram
received says the tardy Minister is at San Sebastian, a summer resort on
the southern coast of Spain, patronized by the Spanish court and the fash
ionable world generally during the warm season. It was also learned that
the Queen Regent of Spain has been there for several days. Word has
been received here that the Queen and her suite, as well as Minister Storer,
nre about to go to Madrid, and it is a fair inference that the trip is made
principally for the purpose of receiving the new United States Minister at
court. It is therefore more than likely that the presentation of Mr. Storer
will take place within a day or two, thus completing the last formality in the
formal resumption of negotiations between Spain and the United States.
HUGHES, THE INVINCIBLE,
SHUTS OUT CINCINNATI
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs - W. L.vPct.i Clubs- W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ...3.=. 11 1.761 Cincinnati' . -20 23 .463
Bofton .30 14 .6*2 New York. -.20 24 .454
St Louis 27 IS \6i/0 Pittsburg ...17 26 .4"»
Baltimore ...26 19 .573 Washington 17 29 .470
Philadelphia 25 10 .s*B Louisville ...14 20 .818
Chicago 26 20 .56". Cleveland ... S 33 .l&.->
NEW* YORK, June B.— Hughes was invincible
to-day, and. with the aid of faultless support,
Bhul out the Cincinnati in Brooklyn with ease.
Hawley was wild In th" first inning, when two i
bases on balls, a balk, two hits and two errors j
let five Brooklyn players cross the plate. He
settled down after that and pitched good ball.
Attendance, 2&00. Score:
flubs— R- H . X -
Cincinnati ? *• •*
Brooklyn • 5 a v
Batteries— Hawley and Woods; Hughes and |
Grim. Umpires— Emslie and McDonald.
BALTIMORE, June Howell pitched and
won his first full game for the Orioles to-day.
Payne was hatted out of the box in the first
Inning and Gardner was almost as easy. The
contest was a walk-over. Attendance, 1022.
Score:
Clubs- *' H. E.
Pittsburg 8 H 3
Baltimore ...,- " '•• 2
Batteries— Payne, Gardner' and Schrlver:
Howell and Robinson. Urn pi res-Swart wood
and Warner.
PHILADELPHIA. June B.— Rain stopped to
day's game at the end of the sixth Inning. In
the fifth Inning the Phillies had a lead of one |
run and In the sixth St. Louis, with two sin
gles a double and a triple, secured one run
to the Ennd It was raining briskly at this"
time and Captain Cooley wanted Umpire Burns
to call the game. He was ridiculed by Tebfau
and O'Connor and called a quitter. Thomas
and Delehanty went out in order and Child*
rapped out a single, five hits followed, one or
them a three-bagger, and the Phillies scored
five runs When the third man wan out Umpire
Burns stopped the game. Tebeau went under
the grand stand on the Phillies' side and began
abusing Burn*, who finally called ft. policeman.
Tebeau pleaded not to he put In the street In
his uniform, and on promising: to "be goon.
was allowed to take his seat on, the bench.
The rain continuing, the game was called. At
tendance. 1958. Score:
. Clubs- . •*• "-. E A
St. Louis I if i
Philadelphia •. s . " 1
Batteries— Sudhoff and O'Connor: Fifield and
McFarland. Umpires— Burns and Smith.
WASHINGTON. June .B.— Senators won
a very evenly balanced game in the tenth to
day when Single knocked out a three-bagger,
which was followed by a single by Barry.
Ryan's fielding was eensatlonal. Attendance,
2000. Score:
Clubs--- *• .«• E
Washington a . a A
Chicago 4 » 4
Batteries— Mercer and MeGulre; Taylor and
Nichols. Umpires— Lynch and Connolly.
NEW YORK, June New York scored an
other easy victory over the Cleveland* to-day.
The Cleveland team was outclassed and will
win few games' in its present condition. At
tendance, 300. Score:
clubs- ;-Vv; ti\o R - H- E.
Cleveland • 5 13 3
New York 14 16 2
Batteries— Hill. Stlvetts and Zlmmer: Sey- j
mour and Grady. Umpires— Day and McGarr. I
BOSTON, June B.— lt took twelve Innings for
the Champions to beat Louisville to-day. Lewis
was hit hard all through the game and the
home team's fielding was considerably below
par. Young Wills, Louisville's new first base
man played a swift game and is considered a
valuable find. Attendance, 1800. Score:
Clubs— "^"-.-''L R- H. E.
Boston I 1* i
Louisville - .....5 12 2
Batteries- Lewis and Clarke; Dowllng and
Powers. Umpires— GafTney and Andrews. :■'.
■ ■ _^ -♦- • . , .
Apostolic Legation in Canada.
ROME, June B.— ln consequence of an
agreement with Cardinal Vaughan. the
Pope will shortly publish a brief institut
ing an apostolic legation in Canada.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, June 8.
Schr Nettle Low, Low, 5 hours from Point
DOMESTIC PORT.
TACOMA— Arrived June S— Stmr Tacoma, Ira
Hongkong.
Sailed June B— Stmr Elihu Thomson.
•TRANSATLANTIC STEAMER.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed June 8— Stmr Penn
land. from Liverpool, for Philadelphia.
YOSEMITE COMMISSION
MEETS IN THE PARK
W. G. Henshaw of Oakland Elected
Vice President and J. J.
Lermen Secretary.
YOSEMITE. June S.-The Hoard of Yo
seipite Commissioners was called to order
last evening by Governor (Inge The
usual concessions were allowed, including
a tent permit to the LJpplqcott Photo
graphic Art Company of Loa Angeles Ju
lius Starke of Santa Barbara has applied
| for a permit to make curios hero W H
Chaffee has an application to make the
san,,. In the Marlposa Rig Tree grove; and
I. C. Nimmis has one to do photographic
work in the latter place. All these will
be acted on later.
The only excitement of the evening was
: when th.- application of J. T. Boysen to do
greneral photographic w,.rk was under
consideration. The usual rental is $20 a
"1 move to mak.' this $40," said Commis
sioner Metson. "for this man has cost me
at least |30G worry and loss of time dur
ing the past year investigating a com
plaint filed against him for attempting to
whip an opponent here In the same line
I of business.
Mr. Boysen being called before the
board in the matter, W. W. Foote said-
Mr. Boysen, if yon promise to be good
from now on I will vote to reduce that to
The promise was made.
\V. G. Henshaw of Oakland was elected
vice president and J. j. Lermen secretary
The election of guardian will soon take
! place.
TWELVE ITALIAN CARDINALS
Will Be Created by the Pope at a
Secret Consistory.
ROME. Jiirif s.-it is officially an
nounced that the Pope at a secret con
sistory on June 10 will create twelve Ital
ian cardinals, including: the nuncio at
Madrid, the Archbishop of Gorltz The
Archbishop of Toulouse, the Latin' Patri
archs or Constantinople and Antfoch and
others.
A public consistory will he held on June
22. when a number of Italian and foreign
Bishops will be preconized.
Fast Time on the Valley Road.
\ ISALIA. June 8. -The Valley Road at
this point is making records for fast
time. It is just twelve miles between
Visalia and Tulare. and the country is
nearly as level as a floor. It is a com
mon occurrence for passenger trains to
cover this distance at the rate of a mile
a minute. Everybody is talking about
the fast time yesterday, when a 'freight
train tied the record made by passen
ger trains, having dashed over'the tr.iek
fmm here to Tulare in just twelve
minutes.
The Paris as a Lightship.
Sppcla! Cable to Th* c n il and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PARTS. June s.— The European edition
of the Herald publishes a letter suggesting
that instead of breaking up the steamship
| Paris the underwriters would confer a
I benefit on navigation by making her a
! lightship, as there is no light on the
I Manacles.
Burglars at Booth's House.
NEW YORK, June B.— General Balling
ton Booth, who has just returned from a
trip on the Pacific Coast with his wife,
reported to the police at Montclair]
N. J., to-day that his house had been en
tered by burglars In his absence. The
thieves were evidently looking for money
and valuable silverware. They got neither
and did not take much of the other prop
erty in the house.
Reward for Buchanan.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
BUENOS AYRES. June B.— The 1 Min
ister of Foreign Affairs has intimated to
his Chilean colleague the appropriate
ness of en offer to William I. Buchanan,
the American Minister, of an adequate
reward, for his intervention in the Punta
de Atacama question.
State Tennis Tournament.
WOODLAND, June B.— A State tennis
tournament Is talked of as one of the
probable features of the Fourth of July
celebration.
CONVICTS WANT
A TRIP TO TOWN
Refused to Make Sworn
Depositions.
THEY PREFER A JUNKET
#
J^PBISONERS MUST BE TAKEN
(PP TO COURT.
— •
Trial of George Puttman for the
Murder of John Showers at
Fol jin Will Cause Offi
cers Much Worry.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. June B.— The convicts
who witnessed the killing of John Show
ers by George Puttman at Folaom a few
weks ago arc not going to let a chance
go by to enjoy a junket outside the prison
walls, and at the same time probably es
cape from their captors. With the excep
tion of one, the witnesses for the defense
who were called up.on fur depositions de
clined to furnish them, stating that they
would nut testify units;; allowed to come
to Sacramento for the purpose. When
Oppenheimer was tried in Sacramento
some months ago for the murder of a fel
low-convict a number of fellow-prisoner?
were brought down from Folsom to testify
in the case. From the moment they left
the prison until aft< r the usual delays
they were returned thereto the convrcts
were ;: constant source of worry to those
who were resporslhle for their custody.
The opinion has been publicly expressed
here that the convicts at the prisons in
somf manner received tips as to the time
of the occurrence of a murder in order
that they- might be around to witness it
and have an opportunity for a trip to
town.
Be this as it may. when Puttman's case
came up in the Superior Court Jud£e
Hughes appointed' "Warren E. Doan. offi
cial court stenographer, a commissioner
to go to Folsom with the attorneys and
obtain the depositions of the convict wit
nesses. Doan and the attorneys reported
to the court to-day that the prisoners
called upon, with the exception of one, de
clined to furnish depositions. Among the
prisoners who said they would not tes
tify unless brought before the court at
Sacramento were Fred Bernard, Fred
Wilson and Alexander BeaudAy.
One of the prisoners brought before the
commissioner . was John •Yilson, alias
"Shy Red." sent to solitary* confinement
for a period of thirty-six y<krs for hav
ing been found with a conciSled weapon
oaLliis person. lie refusedjpb be sworn
arm could not iw^iced tmgive a word
of testimony. *J^ «MMikjjEF none of his
business and I)" nY X be dragged
into It. Another witUHßio refused to
be sworn, was Harry vWßws. one of the
Baden murderers, awaiting execution. It
is expected that the Puttman trial will
begin to-morrow, and that the attorneys
for the defense will ask the court to is
sue an order for the presence of the wit
nesses in court, so that Puttman, the de
fendant, may face all his accusers.
Many Buildings Blown Up.
NEW YORK. June B.— Thirty-six build
ings, comprising almost the entir* plant
of the Nordllnger-Charlton Fireworks
Company at Graniteyille, Richmond Bor
ough, were blown up this afternoon and
I the entire fireworks plant practically
1 wiped out of existence. Although the
: tires which followed the explosion lasted
' for several hours, the wreck was com
! pleto within a few minutes. No lives were
lost and tut three persons were injured.
; two of them Beriously. The property loss
: will not exceed $35,000.
Robbers Swim a River.
CHEYENNE. Wyo . Jun.- S._ A ronrier
iust e;ime in from the Union Pacific rob
bers' chase and brings the report that
the robbers were still at large in the
j morning and the posse was in close pur
| suit. The robbers swam Powder River.
! The stream is a raging torrent and how
the outlaws escaped death is a mystery,
owing to this dnrlng feat the bandits
gained Several hours on their pursuers.
Reinforcements have reached the posse
; and the capture of the robbers seems cer
tain.
An Electric Franchise.
SANTA ROSA, June S.— This afternoon
the Board of Supervisors granted a fran
chise for fifty y.-grs to the Clear Lake
Electric Power Company to maintain a
system of poles and wires in Sonoma
County for the purpose of furnishing
power and light.
Rigo, the Gypsy, Not Dead.
NEW YORK, June B.— A London dis
patch printed here to-day says: Princess
Chimay. formerly Clara Ward of Detroit,
telegraphs from Cairo that Jancsi Rigo,
the gypsy, with whom she eloped and
later married, is not dead, but is quite
well in Cairo.
Benefited by the Rain.
WOODLAND, June S.— The season is
sufficiently advanced to warrant the pre
diction that the beneficial effects of the
late showers outweigh the damages
Winter sown grain is filling out splen
didly.
Professor of Hygiene at Harvard.
Harvard College has lately received a
novel and interesting endowment, estab
lishing what is to be called a professor
ship of hygiene. ihe name, however
does not perfectly express the real ob
jects of the anonymous benefactor. The
professor i.s to he the medical friend of
the students, a skillful and" experienced
physician, whose advice and sympathy
the students may seek at any time He
must, therefore, be a learned, active and
judicious man, interested in the students
and capable of entering quickly and cor
dially into their feelings. His tempera
ment ought to be genial and sympathetic
and his attainments those of a thorough
medical scientist and practitioner. The
endowment is large enough to provide
ultimately, a salary- higher than is now
paid to any professor in the university
but the entire Income of the endowment
is not vet at the disposal of the corpora
tion—Harvard Crimson.
■♦ ■ —
Paderewski's affection has been
wholly centered on his son since the
death of his wife. The young fellow is
17 and a confirmed invalid.
_____ .-;... ._:_.*__'. i ADVBBTISEMENTS. -
ALL AILMENTS OF MEN
QUICKLY AND PERMANENTLY CURED.
DR. MEYERS & CO. have long been recognized
As the leading specialists of the "W v est. They treat
- — — =r.-=* _ ■=__la___— -— ■« '^ " nothing but diseases and weakness
lfro>C§sfe=^ ances time-tried and successful.
Aj[\\tSTAßOf//fl^^^ PAY when cured.
: £?SSS^\ rtrMcA/cnr >^^^^. Patients may arrange to pay after
Jg||«F U- PlLitnO K§§2|i=s r they are welL Consultation and ad-
._^rfiSjW c f 3^ v i ce free; home cures a specialty.
q Vi? fsHP?^ DR. MEYERS & CO. have cured
.^frtW. mSß_y| thousands of men whom they have
ZJJ^Hfiji iSE^^^ never seen. Sufferers who cannot
'^$$4 lBS£>£§i fall should write for private book,
iPlr^i!^—^ question list and advice, prices.
— ~ — * — "~**= rJ " :^=^a- No printing on envelopes or pack-
ages to indicate name of sender.
All letters confidential. Call or address, DR. MEY-
ERS & CO.,
731 Market Street, San Francisco.
ELEVATOR ENTRANCE.
} HOURS-8 to 5. 7 to 8. Sundays 9 to 11.
IMPLICATES THE
CHICAGO POLICE.
Most Sensational Case
Now on Trial.
THE STORY OF STOLEN BONDS
'•RED CHRIS" STREEK POSES AS
A SCAPEGOAT.
"Sleepy" Burke, the Once Famous
Safe-Blower, Who Turned
State's Evidence, on the
Witness Stand.
Special Dispatch to Thf> Call.
CHICAGO. June B.— What promises to
be one of the must sensational cases
in the criminal annals of Cook County
was resumed in Judge Gary's court
room to-day, "Red Chris" Streek be
ing on trial charged with complicity
in the Schrage bond robbery of three
years ago. For a long time the per
petrators eluded capture and it was
openly charged that prominent police
officials were implicated in hushing tb*
affair up and assisting the criminals!
to escape.
In his opening address to the jury.
Attorney James T. Brady, for the de
fense, asserted that sensational evi
dence would be offered by Streek, that
his client was the scapegoat of th>
police to suffer the penalty that b< -
longed elsewhere, and that "Sleepy"
Burke was the ringleader of the hand
of robbers, and that when he saw th
doors of the penitentiary opening to
receive him, he conceived the idea of
turning State's evidence and laying th
charge upon an innocent man, to which,
in order to shield themselves, the police
readily assented.
"Sleepy" Burke was the first witness
called b->- the State, and the famous ex
safe blower took the stand. He told o£
going to Schrage's house with "Red
Chris," Gordon, Baker, Hunt and James
Muldoon.
Burke said that after the old man
was bound and gagged the bonds and
money, aggregating $45,500, were taken
and divided among the band. The
bonds, he said, were subsequently
turned over to "Red Chris," who said
that all that was necessary to receive
dollar for dollar for the bonds whs a
little patient waiting.
"Sleepy" Burke, the former burglar,
who now lives in New York, presented
a strange- spectacle on the witness
stand. Hp was well dressed and pros
perous looking, but his testimony was
given in a halting manner. He is
afflicted with St. Vitus' dance, and his
features became strongly contorted and
often he was unable to continue, during
which time the proceedings had to be
stopped.
Ex-Chief of Police Badenoch was on
hand to testify, as were numerous other
witnesses.
The stolen bonds were presented in
evidence by the State, many of them
being dirty and greasy from their long
hiding in ash cans and under the coun
ters of saloons.
DROWNED MEN
With Good Boots on Not Found
Every Day.
"Good strong pair of boots you've got
there," remarked the longshoreman to
the ferry hand, as they stood half-way
up to their knees in slush.
"Yep," assented the other, looking com
placently down at his feet. "You're right;
they're good boots. Best I ever had. Got
'em" off a drowned man that I picked up
last summer."
His friend expressed no surprise, mere
ly observing that it was "lucky they were
a" fit."
"Oh, as far as that goes." said the ferry
hand in a spirit of cheerful economy,
"anything that I don't have to pay for is
a good fit for me."
"Well. I've had bad luck with boots.
said the longshoreman, gloomily. "Last
pair I had got so poor lookin' in a little
while that I had ter sell 'em to a blind
man up on Broadway. Wish I could
come across a pair like yours. "
"Well, drowned men with good rubber
boots of> ain't found every day," said the
ferry hand, grinniner: "but ef I see any
more comin" my way I'll save 'em for
yer Jack. So long." and in response to
the starter's whistle he slammed the
gate merrily in front of two trucks, to the
eloquent wVath of their drivers.— New
York Sun.
Pus y in a Mirror Maze.
A strange cat strayed into the Crys
tal Maze last night. Walking around
between the mirrors she saw her own
! reflection on all sides. She was not
| pleased. Her tail started to swell and
I she rushed at the nearest cat, which ad
-1 vanced to meet her at the same rate of
i speed. With a shriek of defiance thpy
j met, and the ugly tempered feline fell
back from a fearful bump against a
mirror.
Up she jumped and looked around,
i only to see an army of abused cats
staring at her. When she moved 125
others moved also. With a mighty
howl of disgust she turned and fled.
! Groups of cats greeted her everywhere
| as she dashed into mirrors and tried
to climb the slippery surface of the
i glasses. In the course of a few min
i utes the animal ran through the exit of
! the Crystal Maze as if shot from a
I catapult. With two Jumps she rushed
| to the street and disappeared in one of
i the adjacent houses, a very badly "rat
tled" cat. — Jacksonville Times, Union
and Citizen.
In a certain village It is said that the
church offertory is collected in a bag
at the end of a pole, with a bell at
tached for the purpose of arousing
sleepers.FITZ WILL ENTER THE RING A BIG FAVORITE.
THE POLICE
NOT LIKELY
TO INTERFERE
Chief Devery Has a Change
of Heart at the Last
Moment.
Dispatch t . The i\v.i.
NEW YORK, June There is now
little doubt that Fttzslmmons and Jef
fries will light to a finish to-morrow
right at the Coney Island Athletic Club,
and that lovers of sport will see the
great heavyweight battle. The marked
(change in the attitude of Chief of Police
Devery, which was foreshadowed in to
day's Call, became more apparent this
afternoon and It is now most probable
that the police will be able to watch
,V c bout at Coney Island with the same
"y. ijuanimity which marked their view of
the several heavyweight finish fights
fit the Lenox and Broadway Athletic
ciubs quite recently.
And, barring the police, evidence mul
tiplies that the fight will be a fair en
counter from all standpoints. Outside
of the purse being divided, as it may
be in one proposition or another, Fitz
simmons has a reputation to hold or to
lose, and thai reputation is his for
tune. The Californian. too. has a for
tune to win if he beats Fitzsimmons
and. more than that, Julian and Brady
must keep faith with the public, which
has bought nearly $30,000 worth of seats
lin advance, or all. ii looks promising
Thus, all in all. it looks promising
from the standpoint of the ring patron.
From early morning a more confident
tone was noticeable among sporting
men generally. The uncertainty fol
lowing Devery's stiff announcement of
his intention to stop the fight if there
was a knockdown or a hard blow waned
hour by hour until • -night the men
who will thmng the ringside expressed
The utmost confidence in the managers'
ability to pull oft" the bout without
trouble. The worst that they feared was
that the Chief of Police would attempt
to make gocd his threat, not by stop
ping the contest in the first or one of
the early rounds, but perhaps after one
of the contestants had become groggy
and without wail for an absolute
. knockout. But Chief Devery himself,
discussing the matter to-day, acknowl
edged that a knockout was probable
and vhat it might occur before inter
ference was possible. And. any way. it
is clear that if one of the big fellows
has the other gome the swing of a list
rr.ay finish it all before the police can
move hand or foot.
Betting showed a marked Impetus to
day, and the arrival of sporting' men
from the South and West lent an air
of great activity to the resorts in
Broadway. If thing, Fitzsimmons
went back somewhat in the betting,
but while some professional experts
■were quick to say that they thought
2 to 1 a false price, the shman
was clearly the favorite and will go
into the ring quoted at about that fig
ure.
Referee Siler. Jeffries. Fitzsimmons.
Brady and Julian will meet at the
Coney Island Cl'ih to-morrow after
noon and go over the rules in detail.
In Order to avoid all possible misunder
standing when the men begin mixing it
up. As th.- referee's talk with the prin- !
clpals on Wednesday showed, there was
no important point of difference In their
interpretation of the conditions agreed
upon, and it is probable the conference
will be marked by smooth sailing.
There was great confidence in both
camps to-day, such confidence as one
used to hear of in the days just before
some opponent of the great Sullivan
went into the ring weighted down with
a fortune in backing and lost, like his
* predecessors. Men talked in one
I.reath to-day of Fitzsimmons' age and
Jfffries' youth and strength, and in the
next of 'Fitzsimmons' skill as a ring
general and hitter and of Jeffries' in
experience. Thf-se were the principal
things they talked about in arguing
over the fighters' chances.
The change in the attitude of the
Police Department was generally cred
ited to the interference of Hugh Me
-1 aughlin Brooklyn's boss, in behalf of
the Coney Island Club. It was gossip
that he had been appealed to. and that
he in turn, had used his influence with
high Manhattan Democrats to call off
the proposed interference, as was done
before when the Coney Island Club
sought a license. This explanation of
the case was denied most emphatically
by-Chief Devery. and in denying it he
-aid some curious things, which tended
to show that a change had come over
thp spirit of his dream.
■I have nothing more to say about
the matter," he said, when asked if his
I attitude was the same as it was on
Wednesday.
When asked about the report that
Mcl aughlin's influence had caused an
alteration of his plans he said: "I will
gay Mr. McLaughlin has not interfered
in "this matter In any way."
'• \nd his friends have not.
"His friends have done nothing. 1
"Then the situation is just the same
as it was on Wednesday?"
"About the same."
"About the same?"
"Yes." . - „,
"There will be no slugging, then?
"No slugging; certainly not."
"You will not allow a knockout?
w The Chief smiled wearily. "You can't
.* always prevent a knockout," he said.
"You see, a man might go out from
cheer weakness. In this hot weather a
man might be overcome and might fall
from a light blow or while making a
side step to get out of the way. The
heat might finish him."
"But these men are trained to the
hour."
"Yes but In such weather as this a
man might easily be overcome after
great exertion."
"Then it is just as you left it yes
terday?"
"Well, that's all I have to say about
it The law will be observed."
I Betting was lively in "Jim" Corbett's
place to-night and there was a big
.sporting "push" on hand. Corbett had
some interesting things to say when
asked about the fighters on the eve of
J "Where does Fitzsimmons come in to
have the betting two to one in his
favor?" he asked. "I call that a false
price Mind you. he is an aggressive
I lighter and can take punishment and
wait his chances, but this Jeffries is
very big and he's aggressive, too. it
wouldn't surprise me a great deal if
mmons won in a round, but then,
why shouldn't the other fellow do the
name? Of course Fitzsimmons has an
advantage in his experience. He will
go coolly to work. The other man may
have a bit of a stage fright at first.
but if he stays a few rounds he will
b" more at ease and then he may jus
tify nil that has been said of him.
VVitzsimmons is not the crafty man they
Aiay he is. I hit him more easily than
I hit several other men I've fought.
He tan take punishment and that's a
lot. Why, one night when I was on the
road and my sparring partner did not
show up, we got a truck driver up to
box with me. He was afraid, although
A TUROWDOWN
IF JEFFRIES
BEATS FITZ
Houseman Says the Cornish
man Cannot Lose the
Fight on Form.
• ■weh^J.o The Call.
CHICAGO, June S. — Louis M. House
man, sporting editor of the Inter Ocean,
wh'> wi>l hold the watch for Fitzsim
- In t' -morrow night"s battle, be
fore leaving for New York to-day made
the following signed "analysis" of the
it app< are to him:
J.irn.^s J. Jeffries will to-morrow night
sition of his lifetime, and
his glov< • with the eham-
Bob Fitzslmmons. he is returned
winner all known reversals of form will
■
The writer may be wrong; he has erred
before in his prognostications] yet he does
not accord the Los Angeles boiler maker
so much as a look in at Coney Island.
This deduction has no basic prejudiced
The conclusion thai Fitzsimm ms cannot
lose and i hat Jeffries cannot win is born
of as strong a "form" line as ever in
duced a handicapper in the assignment of
weights. This, too after due allowance
is made for weight, height, age and other
natural advantages.
Fiizsimmons may have gone back: Jef
fries possibly has come forward. There
is no possible ratio, however, by which
one could have overcome the other. In
other words, Fitzsimmons cannot possi
bly have gone back far enough to meet
the oncoming strides of Jeffries. The
writer will be frank enough to admit he :
has seen the boiler maker in action but i
once. Then it was in a friendly combat
with his sparring partner, but it sufficed
to demonstrate that the Los Angeles man
is both shoulder and muscle bound Fair
ly ileet of foot for one of his weight, he
was. nevertheless, painfully slow with his
arms and practically bereft of a straight
hitting left. A man who swishes his right
and left bout in windmill fashion has
little or no chance against a lignter of the
Fitzsimmi school. Fitzsimmons never
gets far enough away from his man to
permit of the effective landing of a swing
ing blow. It would take an adept at the
short-range game to encompass tne down
fall of the red-headed man from Cornwall. :
A few of Jeffries' rights, which Indicate
how futile his ehiJKri *to championship is,
are here apjH-i^gf.
Knocked out (P"v.r> Baker, nine round?
I 'raw with ■;■!> Ruhlii twenty rounds.
Draw with Joe Choynski, twenty rounds
\\ on from Tom .Sharkey. twenty rounds.
Won from Bob Armstrong, ten rounds.
Of these five contests four of them
make Fitzsimmons what should be a sure
winner. A fighter who in the prime of his
pugilistic career allows poor, asthmatic
Henry Baker to remain on his pins twen
ty-seven minutes cannot lick Tommy
Kyan. tor the welterweight champion dis
posed of the same job in two rounds,
while Dick Moore, who recently lost in
two rounds to Jack Root, won from Baker
on a knockout in seven rounds.
Take the twenty-round draw with Gus !
Ruhlin. for example, as a line. Poor, de
crepit Yank Kenney I eat Ruhlin in six
teen rounds. Yet nobody will argue that
Kenney has a ghost of a chance with
Fitzsimmons. Again, Bob Armstrong
whipped Kenney. Armstrong was twice
whipped by Childs, a cheap third-rater
and Byers, a mediocre middleweight, beat
Childs to pulp. Once again it was all Ruh
lin could do to win over Steve O'Donnell
in twenty rounds (mind you, Ruhlin
fought a draw with Jeffries). and every
body knows that on two occasions Peter
Maher disposed of Steve O'Donnell. prac
tically In as many punches. Fitzsimmons
licked Maher once in twelve rounds and
again in a minute and twenty-five sec
onds.
Jeffries drew with Joe Choynski In
twenty rounds about eighteen months ago.
This after Joe had begun his descent of
the pugilistic ladder, without referring to
the engagement between Fitzslmmons and
Choynski. which was interfered with by
the police in the fifth round for the good
and sufficient reason that the Californian
was in danger of being killed at the hands
of Fitzsimmons. and which performance
is therefore a bit clouded. For form pur
poses take Choynski's fight with Peter
Maher. The Irishman knocked the He
brew out in six rounds.
Is It necessary to revert again to
Manor's two disastrous engagements with
Immons?
In a hairbreadth finish Jim Jeffries
gained a decision over Tom Sharkey in
twenty rounds of milling. No matter
what the records say nor yet what in
duced Wyatt Earp to render a contrary
decision, Tom Sharkey was completely,
decisively and cleverly whipped by Fitz
simmons in eight rounds.
Jeffries' last performance in the ring
(hi.- light with Bob Armstrong) is another
black spot in his record. There is nothing
in this to entitle Jeffrie? to any serious
consideration. He engaged to knock Arm
strong out in ten rounds and failed. Ex
perts who saw this contest contend if
there was such a thing as a "shade"
either way it was in favor of the big
black.
There is nothing to Indicate that the
battle of to-morrow night will not be an
honest one. If a coup was in view the
returns would come most heavily on the
defeat of Fitzsimmons. With George Siler
In the ring Fitzsimmons would have to be
a party to the "throw-down." This is im
probable. It Is not Impossible, however.
Fitzsimmons' self-confessed fake with Jim
Hall will ever stand out as a menace to
speculators who fancy his chances but are
fearful of his honesty.
l for one shall ever esteem the integrity
of to-morrow night's battle as assailable
should Jeffries win.
M. L. HOUSEMAN.
The only direct wire com
ing to any newspaper on
the Pacific Coast will run
from the ringside of the
Coney Island Club to the
business office of The Call.
The story will be told by
the graphic pen of the best
fistic expert in the country.
I assured him I wouldn't hurt him.
We I, I guve him an opening after
awhile and h«- pave me a thump on the
jaw which dazed me. I didn't let him
know it. I was shifty until I felt all
right again. That's where experience
comes in, and that's when- Fitzsim
mons has an advantage over Jeffries.
But Jeffries is a giant, and I can't see
how two to one is a right price.
"Most of the men who've been in my
place believe Fitz will win, but for that
matter most of th>-m say so simply ;*s
a man who doesn't know horsea will
back a favorite at the track. The
knowledge which is admirable Is that
i f picking the horse other than the fa
vorite because of your own Judgment,
and I say Jeffries' chance is better than
1 t" 1 makes it appear. I never said
tlies.- men would divide the purse.
There was talk of that, and I simply
argued that even if tne purse were di
vided before the fight the contest would
nevertheless be "on the level,' because
the winner would get the big end of it
and both men must fight honestly In
order to save their reputations and in
sure their future prosperity if pos
sibie."
Sporting men from all parts of thf>
country are beginning to arrive for thf>
big battle. Yesterday fully 600 loveri
of pugilism arrived. They come from
Denver, Kansas <"ity. St. I/<>uis, Chi
cago, San Francisco and other Western
points. Th«- California delegation num.
b.-i'-l 100. They all appeared to like
J.-ff ri> s, but wanted oddfl 'if 2to 1. As
th^re was very little betting: at that
price few wage*"s were recorded.
THE SAX rHANOISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 9, 1899.
JEFFRIES AND HIS TRAINERS.
I— Jim Paly. 2— Tommy Ryan. 3— Billy Delaney. 4— The Boilermaker. s— Jack Jeffries.
' Fitz Feints to Draw Opponent °
i Out. o
I Copyrighted by Klein & Guttensteln. q
FITZ HIE
FIGHTING
MACHINE
Special r'isrntrJi to The Call.
NEW YORK, June 8. — Charley White,
one of the most capable and popular
referees that ever stepped ii.to a ring,
and who has been identified with pugil
ism for many years, having trained and
handled such m«n as Bob Fitzsimmons,
Jim Ccrbett, Kid McCoy and Tommy
Ryan, had this to say to-day regarding
the abilities of Fitzsimmons and Jef
fries:
In tnv opinion Fitzsimmons is one of
the marvels of the fighting world and has
no pe<*r as an athlete in that particular
line. He has an advantage which no other
fighter possesses, :hat of having his
weight above the hips. He carries his
driving power directly behind his shoul
(iet blades, wl Ich la the Becrel of his great
bitting. He has, with his great length of
reach, a remarkable fur. -arm. two of the
! . .-: hands ever givan to a fighter and an
extraordinary knowledge of how to use
them. He can deliver a blow from any
1,1 sitlton of his. body. He has a variety
oi blows which, delivered from any posi
tic n. are knock-out o:i< s if landed. He is
the most tricky man .vith his feet and his
\>y>. which arc small. Fitz is also a cool,
calculating lighter and has an active
brain. He can see advantages quicker
than most men can. arid he has. the knack
of trying In one round what he Intends to
dv a few rounds later, such as some little
feint or sidestep, which is only a "feeler 1
for a heavy fusillade of blows later on.
Ho never becomes disheartened, never
takes his eyes oil '-.is opponent while In
the ring, and is alw.t. weaving in and out
looking for an opportunity to get in a
knock-out Mow.
Jeffries is an unknown quality in the
pugilistic world to-day. The critics are all
at sea as to his abilities. He is just the
man to have a great chance to become the
n< xt champion. (>n account Of his im
mense bulk of weight, people would natur
ally think he was slow. On the contrary.
Ik- is a remarkably fast man for one of
bin build and physiaue. He is really no
i'<.vice. and he has had considerable ex
perience, having se i>red victories over
Joe Goddard and Peter Jackson. Any man
that can tight Tom Sharkey for twenty
rounds must be a gr-tt fighter. He is ten
\ • ars younger than liif champion, has an
advantage of forty pounds in weight and
i< longer in the reach and taller. These
advantages to any man would be of bi«
).. cefli to him if they can be used prop
erly. He is thoroughly game, and should
i.. able to stand a great amount of pun
ishment.
Jeffries' showing at the Lenox Athletic
Club with Bob Armstrong should not be
taken a? a criterion of his form. I have
r. en him work better while helping to
train Corbett at Carson City. He has an
immense amount of strength, which will
bt- a great help to him in this fight. If he
has improved any it will make him a very
dangerous opponent, but he must have
speed. He has been carefully coached and
trained and can be depended on to go into
the ring In the best possible condition.
Jeffries in order to win will have to use
ell the advantages ne has at his com
niand.
The Call will be the only
paper on the Pacific Coast
which will have a direct
wire from the ringside at
the big fight this evening,.
BOTH MEN
ARE SOUND
PHYSICALLY
NEW YORK. June B.— l made a
. ; examination of Robei I
Fitzsimmons (his afternoon and
found his condition perfect. His
r, his pulse registered
74. the beating of his heart was
normal and his respiration was IS
i rmal).
His cl
?,T-j Incbi - Inches,
- waist n : inch* .--..
muscles in his arms, shoul
ders and lt^- are in prime work
moderately hard.
■\Vhen • • ■ very hard, like
those of a blacksmith, one ts sure
to be muscli -bound. I found Fitz
simmons physically ready to en
gitiz- In a long and hard contest.
JOHN A. V< lORHEES, M. D.
AfM'.l'RY PARh JM. J. Jun« 8 —
l have to-day exnmfhed and strand
ed Jatnes Jeffries at Loch Axb r,
at his training quarters. I firnl
him physically perfect Hi.
muscles, when contracted, are as
hard as iron; when normal or com
posed as pliant as whipcord. Hit
. muscular development is some
thing wonderful, and In my opin-
Ipn he la a very dangerous man in
the ring, as his strength is incon
testable. C. K. WEBB, M. D.
Fitz Feints After Opponent
Has Delivered Blow.
Copyrighted by Klein & Guttenstein.
FITZSIMMONS'
WIFE TO SEE
THE BATTLE
Special T>iFr >f it' n h to The Call.
NEW YORK. June S.— Mrs. Robert
Fftzstmmone is building her hopes upon
seeing her husband tight Jeffries from a
secluded balcony. The woman who sat
by the ringside at Carson and cheered
her husband on to the world* champion
ship has determined to see him defend his
title. Though women are excluded from
the fight on Friday night, a woman's ac
umen will in all probability set at naught
the well laid plans of the managers of
the fight.
Fitzsimmons is so confident of carrying
off the honors that he does not mind his
wife's presence in the least, but Billy
Brady doesn't think it the proper thing.
However, the champion has something to
say in the matter, and Mrs. Fitzsimmons
may, after all, witness the great con
test.
At Carson City women were admitted to
seats near the arena, and several of the
fair sex were among the spectators. Mrs.
Fitzsimmons does not see any harm In
watching her husband in battle. She does
not wish to bo at the ringside to advise
him, as has been reported. It has been
suggested that a balcony be erected in a
secluded purt of the building, where she
jean look on without attraction attention^
Back Position When Fitz Is
Drawing Opponent Out
Copyrighted by Klein <fc Guttenstein.
JEFFRIES
CONFIDENT
OF SUCCESS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ASBX'RY PARK. N. J.. June S.— His last
day before the fight found Jeffries on a
keen edge, as his trainers expressed it,
and they said they had no apprehension
as to the outcome of itie battle. Over and
over again to-day, in answer to ques
tlcns, "Billy" Delaney said: "How can
he lose when he has youth, strength and
science? With these elements he will
win."
It was us hot as ever to-day, and the
effects of the weather were felt keenly at
Jeffries' camp. The big boiler-maker was
satisfied with an hour's -work this morn
ing At 3 o'clock in the afternoon he took
a sea bath, and on returning to his train
ing quarters lay down in a hammock and
siept for an hour or more. He woke up
feeling much refreshed. When r> o'clock
came. Jeffries, his brother Jack and Koss
O'Neill went out for some road exercise.
The sky was partly clouded and the heat
was not as severe as it had been earlier
i-i the day.
"J< ft" jogged almost four miles. Re
turning home he indulged in several
sprints, and O'Neill and brother "Jack"
Jeffries on their bicycles were obliged to
pedal hard to keep even with him. After
a rub-down Jeff ate a hearty supper and
was ready for bed at 9 o'clock.
George Siler. who will referee the con
test, was a visitor at Jeffries' camp this
afternoon anrl remained until 4 o'clock.
Siler was accompanied by his wife. De
laney and Siler talked over old tim<s. and
comparatively little was said about to
morrow's light. Siler had visited Fiu-
Bimmonß, and he said he thought he ought
to call on J> ffritH. Mrs. Siler is a firm
believer in Jeffries' ability to whip Fitz
simmons, and she has bet a pair of gloveu
on the result. When word was received
from N>w York this afternoon that nearly
all the seats had been sold there was con
siderable joy in Jeffries' camp. It has
been settled that the party will leave As
bury Park to-morrow morning at ten
minutes past 9 o'clock. At Jersey City
they will be met by Rrady and will go
immediately to Coney Island. Many
w.uild think that on the eve of such ah
important fight Jeffries would be more or
!<-hs nervous and >-xeited. He is calm and
self-possessed. He will say little about the
fight, although It is clear that he is do
ing a lot of thinking.
The Call's bulletin board
will tell the story of the
fight between Fitzsimmons
and Jeffries. The only
direct wire from the ring
side and the best expert
writer on pugilism will give
the news ahead of and
better than any competi
tor.
"I think." said Mrs. Fitzsimmons to
day, "that my husband will win in a
few rounds, and that there, will be no
brutality displayed in the contest. I have
often seen more brutal exhibitions in the
street that have ever taken place in the
ring. Women attend boxing exhibitions
given by our athletic clubs, and I can see
no difference in exhibitions held else
where when they are decided under the
,satug rule*." ,
KID McCOY
SAYS FITZ
IS A WINNER
Sees the Champion Work
and Note 3No Reversal
in Form.
BY KID McGOY.
NEW YORK, June B.— On reaching
"Bob" Fitzslmmons' home this afternoon
I found the champion reclining- quietly in
bed. with apparently not the least thought
of the great battle so close at hand. There
was no trace of fear or worry in his
countenance, and to my hurried glance \
he looked the picture of health and confi- j
dence.
"Fitz," I said, "you seem to be worried
to death."
"Yes, I am," he replied, with a negative
smile.
"How are you feeling?" I queried, after
an exchange of greetings.
"I could not wish to be more contented
and never felt better in my life." ■
Then in came Mrs. Fitzsimmons, all
smiles and as pleasant as though Bob
had the long end of the purse already in
his pocket. Continuing. Bob said:
"This is to be my last fight if I win. I
have not thought of losing. Should that
be the case it will, of course, make a
difference; but I have truly never given
the idea of defeat a thought. I do not see
how I can miss Jeffries, he is so big. I
do not think his weight will have time to
tell in this battle."
Fitz said that he weighed 157 pounds.
"What are your intentions in case you
win?" I asked.
"I think I will go to Australia and see
my dear mother. Father died recently,
and she certainly feels lonely. I will not
remain away from the United States long.
as 1 must get back and earn some money.
You know that 1 am under big expenses
and cannot afford to remain idle very
long. 1 am getting along in years and
want to quit the ring without being de
feated. I have fought and defeated everj .
man they have put against me. and I have
conceded weight to tnem all.
Warming, the champion vouchsafed the
following advice: "Now, Kid, take my
advice and get a clear title to the mid
ale-weight championship hrst, and then
when you get stronger you can tackle
lh "YeL Bob?'that is my plan." 1 replied.
"I have just deposited $lU«J with George
Siler as a forfeit in support of ,my chal
lenge to fight you for the middle-weight
title apart from the result of the battle
W "Welf," was the reply. "I may give you
the chance when I return from Australia.
I do not like to leave the ring when there
are such big purses In sight.
"The Colorado Athletic Association has
offered a purse of $25,000 for you and me,
the tight to take place in Denver inside of
six months," 1 suggested. ..
Mrs Fitzsimmons here said: 'I would
not like to see you get beaten. Mr. Me- ;
Coy, but that is what Bob would have to
do if you fought him. You lived with us:
when you were a little boy. and I always
thought so much of you. but, oh: how
you have grown. Just look, you are al-
Tsafd Hwo a ulKk'e to meet Bob before
he is too old, and that it was only a mat
ter of business with me. 1 added that I
was surprised to «c Bob i*>uvai»g ■-■' »prj
and young, and that he looked as thou^n
he was destined to be a young fellow tor
ten years vet. The hostler then put in
an appearance and announced that the
"Skrun 8 Julian took the ribbons, whilo
"Hod 1 and i aid the gentleman act in our
drive- to the Brooklyn boulevard and
down to the Coney Island Club house
the scene of the impending battle. 1- it/,
is a popular hero. A large crowd was in
our wake the whole journey, but only the
champion and his party were admitted to
the clubhouse. Proceeding to the dress
ing room Bob prepared for a bout with
his partner, "Yank" Kenney. Bob
wanted to test the ring and his footing.
The pair put on the gloves, while Julian
held the watch, and they went at it.
Whoever labors under the impression
that Fitz has lost . any of his old-time
dash and cleverness is wrong. "Bob held
himself and boxed with all his old-time
form, as 1 so well remember it, and
which has brought the money home in all
his contests. Three lively rounds ana
Kenney was done, while Bob had hardly
got up a sweat. He went to the dressing
room, where Jack Everhardt and Dan
Hickey gave him the usual rub, and then
a bucket of cold water and another brisk
rub. We walked to a hotel a short dis
tance from the club, where a crowd gave
the champion a great reception, which he
acknowledged by raising his hat. As we
drove away the crowd had increased to
Bee the greatest fistic hero of the day,
and cheered as though he had just won.
1 made a careful study of Bob Fitzsim
mons the whole time I was with him, and
in all sincerity I hold the opinion that he
will win to-morrow night, with all due
regard for the capabilities of Jim Jeffries.
After calling on Fitz to-day I was in
troduced to Jim Jeffries, but I could not
have much talk with him by reason of
the many visitors at bis quarters.
The most prominent was George Siler.
Who will referee the light. I paid special
attention to Jeffries' manners, and I must
admit a favorable impression at first
sight. He is a tine, strapping, lively
locking fellow and is in the best possible
condition, in my opinion. He is particu
larly confident, too, as are all in his camp.
He refrained from any work while I was
present, and I am inclined to think that
he has finished all preparations and is
now waiting his meeting with Fitzsim
mons, with an inborn confidence of being
returned a sure winner.
For a man of his size he is remarkably
quick and active, and apart from the out
come of his battle with Fitzsimmons, I am
certain that the sturdy and ambitious
CaHfornian* will cut mite a figure in the
pugilistic world in the time to come. I
am reluctant to give my opinion about
Jeffries' chances, but am induced to be
sincere with the public and say that 1
think he will suffer defeat at the hands
of Fitz to-night.
HEAVY WAGERING HERE.
Nearly One Hundred Thousand Dol
lars Will Change Hands on the
Outcome of the Fight.
The meeting of Fitzsimmons and Jef
fries in the Coney Island Athletic
Club ring for the championship of
the world seemed the sole topic of oon
venatioa on the street last night. Not
withstanding all the discussion, the sup
porters of each man remain steadfast in
their opinions and refuse to have tluir
faith shaken. This is reflected in the
betting, the odds remaining unchanged
throughout the day.
The small bettors pin their faith to the
Californian. the bulk of the wagering on
Jeffries being in small amounts. Fitz
simmons, on the other hand. Is being
backed chiefly by the men who buy thrir
tickets in bunches, few of the Individual
bets being under $100. It does not follow
that all the big bettors favor the Cor
nishman. Johnny Coleman. the book
maker, bet $700 against $1000, taking tiie
Jeffries end.
The betting was steady at Corbett's all
the evening. In the parts mutuels a total
of 2234 dollar tickets had been sold.
Fitzsimmons was favorite on all but two
lines. On one of these Jeffries found one
more supporter than Fitzsimmons did.
The following shows the way in which
the money was placed:
FITZSIMMONS. JEFFRIES.
Tickets, Tickets
Rounds — Sold. Rounds— Sold.
1 to 6 279 1 to 6 IGS
7 to 11 351 7 to 11 230
12 to 16 302 12 to 16 247
17 to 21 149 17 to 21 154
22 or over 17S 22 or over 179
Total 1.259 1 Total 975
Story of the richest clergyman in
the world, in next Sunday's Call,
BOTH MEN
ARE TRAINED
TO THE HOUR
There Will Not Be Such a
Vast Disparity in Weight
Either.
Sr^cia! Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. June 8. — To-morrow
night, between 9 and 10 o'clock. Robert
Fitzsimmons, champion pugilist of the
world, and James Jeffries, the gigantic
Californian, will meet in the ring of
the Coney Island Sporting: Club and set
tle their differences according to Mar
quis of Queensberry rules.
In spite of the taik that the battle
will be stopped by Chief of Police Dev
ery, it was confidently asserted to-day
by some of the big guns In Brooklyn
political matters that Referee Siler
would be the only official to put a stop
to it. As the Brooklynites all say:
"We do not interfere with Tim Sulli
van's boxing clubs in New York, con
sequently we demand similar rights
and privileges. If ( 'hief Devery lets
rights proceed unmolested at the Lenox
and Broadway dubs, there is no good
reason why he should not follow the
same policy toward the Coney Island
Club, which has complied with the re
quirements of the law and is in just as
good standing as any other boxing club
in the State."
With confidence expressed that there
will be no interference with the mill,
the army of sporting men naturally
have turned their attention to the prin
cipals, who have trained well and faith
fully. To most men it looks like a vic
tory for Fitzsimmons, chiefly because
of his wonderful record in the*ring, and
especially since coming to this country
from the Antipodes.
The fact that Fitz has won most of
his fights, too, with one terrilic punch
landed on a vital spot is not overlooked.
The champion is much older than Jef
fries, and will enter the ring at least
thirty-five pounds lighter. Jeffries will
tip the sca^ at about pounds, which
is the lowest he has trained to in his
career.
In spite of the talk that Fitzsimmons
will be over 158 pounds, it is learned
from a must trustworthy source that
when the champion got upon the scales
on Wednesday he weighed 170% pounds.
He has been building himself up in
training, and yet he is not the posses
sor of surplus fat. In fact, there is
not an ounce of flesh in his magnificent
physique which is superfluous, for
he has made himself as hard as nails,
and at the same- Tim- has retained the
speed and hitting power which have
made him the conqueror he is. In con
dition, therefore, Fitzsimmons is rug
ged, powerful, fast and capable of
standing any roughing he may receive
from his ponderous antagonist. He is
confident he will win quickly, and by
no fluke. Fitzsimmons d >es not say
h'-"- hv inf-ii-i.- to right jenxies, despite
statements to the contrary, nut he has
done no end of experimenting with big
Kenney, his sparring partner, who is
almost as weighty as Jeffries.
Fitzsimmons has no equal as a ring
general and schemer. He is quick
witted, -shrewd and full of tricks. For
this reason, Jeffries will have to fight
him warily until he believes he has the
Cornishman's measure. Fitzsimmons
has never faced a man of Jeffries' build
and makeup. He has in the past had
th- advantage with his phenomenal
reach, but in this instance he is out
classed. Jeffries has such a tremend
ous reach it .will not be at all surpris
ing to see him fight Fitzsimmons with
left hand Jabs from the start, reserv
ing right hand swings until later on.
The boilermaker has been practicing
defensive tactics more than attack, and
believes he can keep Fitzsimmons off.
The latter is expected to force the
fighting from the start. In such an
event it is believed Jeffries wili stand
away and try to "jab his block off."
as the talent puts it. If successful in
this method for half a dozen rounds or
80, it is thought in the Jeffries camp
he will have a fine chance to win, as
his strength and stamina are expected
to assist him wonderfully.
If, on the other hand. Jeffries should
decide to rush at once and mix it. it
is the impression among critics that
Fitzsimmons will get a chance to land
one of his deadly hooks, all of which,
in recent fights, have been delivered at
short range. Jeffries not only stood
the very aggressive Shnrkey off in
twenty rounds, but also beat him on
points. This achievement is the basis
ADVERTISEMENTS.
£3^ Know for
yr self
\^M^fc \-\ Own
_ j|r J Condi*
Z~V^iJ tion.
■ 7,'f H OW MANY
/y/ KS '111 ■■ people there
Hi /■! are wno suffer
( II if from disorders of
1 I I If the nutritive sys-
i• ¥ II tern, that is. dis-
-4 |i ]| orders of diges-
■ # 11 *m . tion, and yet they
go on about their duties day after day. little
dreaming that at any moment complications
may arise that would snap the thread of life.
Functional heart disease is very, very often
a complication of stomach disorder. Again,
ulceratlon of the stomach, cancer of the
stomach, chronic inflammation of the liver or
Inflammation of the bowels often follow simple
indigestion.
Do you observe any of the .ollowing symp-
toms? Headache (Fig. 1). Coated Tongue (Fig.
2), Palpitation of the Heart (Fig. 3), Soreness
or Heaviness in Stomach (Fig. 4), Pain in
Right Side over region of Liver (Fig. 5). Again,
we may have dizzy sensations, belching, lack
of energy, sleeplessness, loss of appetite and
emaciation. All these are symptoms of di-
gestive disorder.
If you do, then be warned. HUDYAN Is the
remedy indicated, for HUDYAN will cause the
digestive organs to resume their normal activ-
ity and regularity. HUDYAX speedily over-
comes any weakness of these organs and stim-
ulates the glands to increased activity in order
that the digestive juices may be supplied in
proper amount to insure perfect digestion of
the food that passes into the stomach. HUD-
YAN not only relieves the above distressful
conditions, but it cures permanently.
, Constipation and Biliousness are readily re-
lieved by HUDYAN. HUDYAX acts naturally
and does not produce nausea like many other
remedies. Remember, HUDYAX cures are per-
manent.
HUDYAX is for sale by druggists— a pack-
age or six packages for $2 50.
If your druggist does not keep HUDYAN
send direct to the HUDYAX REMEDY CO.,
corner Stockton. Ellis and Market streets, San
Francisco, Cal.
You may consult the Hudyan Doctors about
jy/ur case Free o£ Coarse. Call or writ*,
34
for the belief that Fitzsimmons will
find it rather a'dlfflcult matter to over
power the boilermaker by main
iUh, but at the same time it is
ted out the champion is a different
sort of pugilist from enarkey and will
probably employ tactics that will cause
Jeffries mu<-h more trouble than when
he met the sailor.
N< ither man is a showy boxer, yet
both arc clever. Fitzsinnnons has the
ntage In this respect, and also has
had wider and longer experience In the
ring. Both are hard hitters, but unless
Jen: its springs, a surprise Fitzsimmons
will probably demonstrate the oft re
peated statement that he is the great
est puncher in the world. In leg work,
shiftiness and speed Fitzsimmons is
superior to the Californian, which
counts for a great dial, but then one
must not - thai Jeffries has
weight, ! ■■ b, youth, wonderful
physical strength and a stout heart.
Manj ring followers have expressed
the opini ■ boilermaker may
Mb. stage night as soon
as he gets ii 1 C the champion
■ s what he is up against. But
Jeffi • t talk in a strain that
would warrant any such belief. He
he will show the big crowd what
cool : s mi *ns, a mi he will al3 i
put up a flghi that will either beat
■ make plenty i I trouble
for him before he wins. Jeffries be
lieves of his lifetime
to v. Ii i tune, and he is not
to throw
"I know what I am undertaking," he
said the other day, "and I appreciate
the fact thai Fitz .-an drop me with a
h on the jaw if it lands right. But
when [ i • ::. the ring ['11 do my best
t> !<• ••!• away from such a i
at the same time to land a few hoi
f. < >ther fighi - hit Fitz
had him groggy. Corbetl had him
In Ihe Bixth round al < 'arson. 1
. I can put him out : * 1 get in a
\\ allop and pul it on rig ht. I>e
D it. there'll be a i il hoi
fight, ii' matter who wins."
Fitz's pi
!!•• will get up at 7
I thi papers and bast in t he
sunshine for nn hour. He regards this
as a fine tonic ,and says M h,->s a ten
.t 1 en ( he I n the
noon he will take a drive and nap
the dub house
Jeffries'
follows: l\ ' rning he will punch
the bag" and In 1 - tvim
miriEr. Aboul pack up
his effects and start for the city, and at
once po to Coney Island and put i
Martin Dowlln on ill-- bi
yard. He will stay then until it is time
iter the ring.
Stuart Backs Fitz.
DALLAS, June B.— Dan Stuart is still
placing his money on Fltzslmmons and
does not hesitate as to odds. ]lo made
several bets to-day, giving better odds
than ■wo to one. He wagered $1000 against
#400 with Harry nines of Cheyenne and
Salt Lake City. Hines backing Jeffries.
■ m ■
The best fistic expert in
the country will report the
big fight this evening by
rounds over a direct wire
from the ringside to the
business office of The Call.
Watch the bulletin board.
. ♦ ■
REDWOOD CITY'S FOURTH
Arrangements Being Made for an
Elaborate Celebration.
REDWOOD CITY, June S. Th» citizens
of this place are making groat prepara
tions for celebrating the Fourth of July.
The coming Fourth bids fair to eclipse
all prior ones i:: Redwood City, and a
large crowd from the surrounding towns
and country is expected to be in attend
ance. Already more than $1000 has beer
.uWorlbod W tl.o business jnon cnrl . H.ch
day adds to the amount. Committees
have, been appointed to take charge ol
the various features of the celebration.
The programme will include a parade
in the morning, to be followed by literary
exercises in the Alhambra. In the after
noon there will be a firemen's tourna
ment, in which the Santa Clara, San Jose,
Palo Alto. San Mateo, Menlo Park, Red
wood City and possibly other departments
will compete for prizes. The tournament
will be followed by a parade of "horri
bles." In the evening there will be a dis
play of fireworks on the waters of Red
wood (.'reek, alter which a ball will be
held in the large hall situated on the
island. The following committees have
been appointed:
Reception— ijeorpe H. Buck, J. H. Mansfleld,
J. J. Bullock, George Barker, H. XV. Walker,
A. Klncald.
Parade— M. H. Thompson, Frank M. Granger,
Robert Chatham.
Exorcises— Gf.orKe H. Rice, George C. Ross,
Edward F. Fitzpatrirk, I). E. O'Ke
Tournament— J'^ej.h X. Winter, E. B. Fox,
R. Plglon, Claude Fox, J. I>kkey.
Caricaturt?— L>an Mullen, J. V. Swift, Ed
■wp.nl M. Hanson, Ora BuUerfield, A. J. Stal
ler. Genrpe BotßCn.
Ball— i> R. Stafford. Henry Mourot, L. Geno
chlo. Will Havey. H. Steinberger
Ways and Means — P. 1". Chamberlain, L. p.
.:
MARRIED -IN NEW YORK
Miss Felice K. Kochenrath the Bride
of Thomas C. Mitchell.
NEW YORK. June S.— The wedding of
Miss Felice Klngsford Kochenrath, only
daughter of Albert F. Kochenrath of San
Francisco, Cal., to Thomas Cantor
Mitchell, son of former Excise Commis
sioner William P. Mitch* 11, was celebrated
at half past l o'clock yesterday in
the Church of St. Thomas the ApostU-.
The bride wore a rich gown of white
satin trimmed with point lace and a v».>ll
of tulle, caught up with a sunburst pi:
of diamonds, a present from the bride
groom. She was given away by Colonel
Thomas M. Cantor. Her only attendant
was -Miss Julie Mitchell, Bister of the
hridegroom. The best man was the bride
groom's brother. George Mitchell. The
ushers were Francis Milner Cox Robert
A. Brown and Edward J. Donloy.
Immediately after the ceremony there
was a reception at the hnmo of the bride
groom's pan tits, 221 West One Hundred
and Twelfth street. Mr. and Mrs. Mitchell
will spend their honeymoon in Canada.
— . ♦ m- .
Principal Point.
. "DM y- ad the story of the
■ • ndus
■
"Yeß," answered the leisurely fri i
"I >id you take th n to heart?"
"1 did. I have a!v, ■ ... ,; Tnat it
■
a n:n;i goes co lonj ke< pc awake "—
Washington star.
Pears'
Pretty boxes and odors
are used to sell such
soaps as no one would
touch if he saw them un-
disguised. Beware of a
soap that depends on
something outside of it.
Pears', the finest soap
in the world is scented or
not, as you wish; and the
money is in the merchan-
dise, not in the box.
All sorts of stores sell it, especially
druggists; all sorts of people are
using it.
TEXAS TOWNS ARE
LAID WASTE BY
SWIRLING WATERS
Cloudburst Causes Loss of Over
a Score of Lives and Great
Damage to Property.
AUSTIN. Tex., June B.— The cloud
burst i i' yesterday which swelled the
rivers of this portion of the State out
of their banks and caused a great loss
of property was much worse than re
ported last night. Many people are re
ported to have perished, meager reports
to-night placing: the number at twenty
five.
To-day reports came from San Saba
and Manardville, small towns, ninety
miles north of here, in the mountains,
saying that both towns had been swept
by the raging floods and were badly
•■■■:. In San Saba eight people
were drowned and the entire town Is
repoi r water to-night. The
river at that point Is one mile wide and
running like a millrace.
At Manardville thirteen houses were
swept away, and this morning several
gave in to tho swirling torrent
and started on their voyage down the
si ream.
The river is reported as rising at
other places and grave fears are enter
• i that the entire country in that
: iorh< od will be laid to waste. San
Saba is located in a valley and vast
CONVENTION OF
INDIAN TEACHERS
Will Be Held During the
National Rally.
THE PROGRAMME ARRANGED
INSTRUCTION OF YOUNG RED
SKINS TO BE CONSIDERED.
During the Meeting of the Union's
Educators at Los Angeles No
Branch of the Work Is
to Be Neglected.
The Call.
LOS ANGELES, June B.— Miss Estelle
Reel, superintendent of Indian schools,
week ■ pit paring for the na
tional conv< ntion of Indian teai
This convention will be attended bj I
teachi of the convention is
July 10 to -'.". Miss Reel has furnished tne
g programme:
opens July 10, the address
: by Thi in. is J.
Kirk, Supei I of Public [nstruc
i-; • .1 Ea '"•.., Mayi r of I- 1 is Ang
George \Y. White, president of th< a
L" nl venrfty; J A . Foshay, BljpertntOi
of I. Is, and Dr. Irwin
Shepard will also deliver addresses. '.:■ -
-■- will be made by W. A. Tower,
nissioner of Indian Affairs; It. 11.
Pratt, superintendent of the Carlisle
s. M. McGowan, superintendent
aid Miss Esti ll< Reel.
On Monday evening, July 17. A. E. VVin-
Bhip, editor of the journal of Education,
r an addr< - • ■ sday cvi ;i-
I Jew . profi .-.- ir
... In 1 Normal School,
will d< liver an address.
The following dailj i ime will be
observed except Sal irdays, Sundays
..t the National Educational
Convention: Number and form work.
conductor Miss Flora E. Harvey of
■ B ol; kindergarten,
conductor Miss Lizzie M. LJampson,
Santa Fe; lang : literatun . coa
.l. Sherman, Hampton
(Va.) Normal; ictor Miss
Frances E. Ransom, New York training
school; writing, conductor Miss Georgia
McMannis, Colorado Springs; history and
geography, i mductor Mrs. Jessie W.
E :
The afternoon session opens with round
tabli ; . Superinti ndenta ol
will be in charge of Chairman S. M.
McGowan of the Indian School at Phoe
nix. The matrons' section will be in
chairman Mrs. Fannie D. Hall
of p. rri- school. The sloyrl manu:i
Industrial sections will be In charge of
Chairman William J. Oliver, of Albu
querque 3ch "''.. The physicians' confer
will be In charge of Chairman Dr.
C. C. Walnwright, San Jacinto. Classes
In rimking are to be conducted by Mrs.
Kmily L. Johnson of Haskel (Lawrence.
Kans.) Institute. Classes In sewing and
lework will be conducted by Mrs.
Bertha Canfleld of Phoenix. The tailoring
irt-ssmakinK systems will be demon
strated, and lessons in nursing will l>o
conducted by Mrs. C. H. Paul of the Vic
tor Training S< hi wl.
All delegates must be here by July 14
• ci rtificates for allowance of com
pensation during attendance at tne con
vention.
Woman's First Statue to a Man
Th- ral F. K. Splnnei . who as
Treasurer of thi States for many
years, under appointment of Abraham
In, appended to the greenbacks the
mosi weird signature ever written by man
invented letters, and who
was the lirst to give women employment
in th. service of the Federal Government,
Is to have a statue erected to his m.-m,
ory. The cost of this tribute is borne
. by women, who in this way b ek
to Bhow in some degree their gratitude
to him for courageously Ignoring custom
and precedent and op.-ning to women new
ways for their aspirations and occupation.
Th.- matter has been In charge of the
■■•• M< mnrial Association
composed entirely of women. The statue
will b< of bronze— or, rather, is, for II has
been cast and of heroic size. The ped< s
.. ! to be completed. A bill is pend
ing before Congress, having been favor
reported, authorizing the erection of
the statue in some suitable place In
Washington other than the Capitol or li
brary grounds. It will probably be the
first statue ever erected by women to the
memory and honor of a man.—Washing
ton Letter to the Chicago Post
How to Fill a Lamp.
An excellent point in connection with
the refilling of an oil lamp is furnished
py a lamp salesman. Practically all the
kerosene lamps on the market to-day
have •packed" reservoirs, that I?, oil re
ceptacles packed with cotton! When fill
ing a lamp it is best to turn the wick up
so that nearly all of it is above the
burner and not turn it down again until
arter tne wick and burner section have
been screwed Into the body of the lamp
The reason for this is that if the longer
part of the wick is shoved into the reser
voir so as to come into contact with the
cotton filling, and then the burner top is
screwed down into place, the cotton is a;>t
to become twisted about the wick, so that
it is ineffectual, because of the cotton ac
crued in the cours.. of the wick's turning
Minutes and Seconds.
At least twenty-five centuries B C the
Babylonians used a sexagesimal system
of notation, consisting of sari and sossi
of which we have vestiges when we
reckon sixty minutes to the hour and
Bixty second* to the minute, or 3000 sec
onds—that is, a saros of sossi — to the
hour. That we count twelve pence to the
shillings and twenty shillings to the
pound, twelve inches to the foot, twenty
: four hours to the clay, 30) degrees of lon
! gitude around the equator, ninety degrees
! of latitude from the equator to the poles,
and sixty mtnas to the talent. All these
traced to the same duodecimal Babylo
nian system of numeration, which origi
nally reckoned sixty shekels to the mina
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 9, 189T».
tracts of wheat fields are under water.
These crops will prove a total loss.
Many persons, according to reports re
ceived here to-day, had difficulty in
getting- to high land before the rise
came.
The situation at Manardville is even
more serious. A small town located to
the right of and in the bend of the
rivet in the valley, it proved an easy
prey to the rasing torrents. Seventeen
p< ople are known to have been drowned
there and there may be others. Of |
those drowned, two were young white i
girls, Lydia and Ama Wells by name. |
The ( thers were all negroes, who were j
living in cabins close to the river front
and were caught in the Hood before
they could make their way to safety,
owing- to th«- darkness of the night.
The town has been laid waste by Lhe
Hoods and aii the surrounding country
is inundated.
r l his additional flood has not yet
;-. acbed Austin, but it is expected hsrs
Bi n i time during the night. A forty
flve-fool rise is expected. The big
dam and powerhouse at this point has
b( i n under a heavy strain since yes
terday, owing to the terrific force of th>>
Hood. The farming lands below the
< Ity are under water
and sixtq ininas to the talent. All these {
numbers arv- factors or multiples of the
saros or sixty. Our measures of time,
money, or linear and angular space, are
all derived from the Greeks, who obtained i
tin in from the Babylonians,' probably
through the Phoenicians.— Notes and!
Q . ri< s.
TROUBLES OF THE RICH
Extremes to Which the Swells Are
Driven for Novelty.
Tho power to possess that which any
one else has nr may have is not satisfy
ing even to the multi-millionaire, who has
but to sign his name to a check and call
thi treasures of the world at his com
mand. After the tirst expert* nee of new
ly acquired wealth there comes satiety—
' • which attacks with subtle under
force the castle of contentment
and makes novelty appear a more desir
able prize than the accumulated Indlca
money's power, as exemplified in
his art treasures, his g irgeous raiment
uid his rare entertainments.
Otl ts ar< able to secure the gold just
as much as he possesses, for what money
, has bought money may buy. but the vein
riginallty, the peculiar out-of-the-or
; dinary quality is what it cannot achieve
iul the aid of mental force directed
in new lines of thought. Thus the mil-
Ire, having run the gamut of gorge
ness and exclusiveness, Bighs for some
thing absolutely novel, and In his desire
for such goes to extremes that make tho
hoi pollol gasp and the average mortal
have doubts of his sanity.
Th( latest ebullition prompted by this
cr LYing Is tho society Cakewalk. Years
the fantastic steps, the physical py
ratlons and the conscious smirk were
oevi r s< en beyond the environment of the
plantation. Dusky belles and tin ir part
ners walked for th.- cake in the true"st
spirit 'if competition and little dreamed
that later on the stage would give their
diversion Its recognition which to-day
ty encores and in which it partici
pates.
: The fair-skinned damesls of the four
Ired have nrou.iint their superior in
■ ipon this form of en
tertainment and the steps taken in a
Louis Quatorze ballroom are much more
Intricate and graceful than those that
were wonl to win applause In a lo^- cabin
in the "quarters." The vaudeville show
brought Into the homes of the wealthy is
also an Indication of this zest for the'un
;. while to eai beefsteak in one's fin
grimy dungeon pleases society's
for the momr-nt far more than to 'sit
down i" the most daintily appointed ta
ble. "Novelty, novelty, give us novelty."
Is the cry, and whether in securing it the
votaries of excitement are called upon to
le the slums or wrest the honors
from the cheapest song and dance artists
matters not, so long as the new not is
struck, without which the harmonies of a
! millionaire's life are- to him dull and tune
( less.
Blankets on the Outer Wall.
Probably in no other civilized city of
the world do people air their bedding and
table linen out of the front windows as
| they do in Chicago. Not so much is this
barbarous custom practiced in the resl
•!. nee part of the city as It is down town,
I and the nearer to the center of the city
i one gets the more bedding he sees hanging
\ from the windows. Along Wabash avenue,
: beginning at Harrison street, blankets,
sheets, bed quilts, pillows and even the
■ mattresses are hung out, held securely to
the window sill by having {he sash pulled
down hard on top of them.
Along Washington street the blankets
and other bedding wave Jauntily, to the
I brpf-ze, and on the day of the great jubl
lee parade an extra quantity seemed to
! have been put forth. Sometimes a sheet
or blanket will fall to the street below,
enveloping some pedestrian in its folds
and furnishing amusement for the crowds
I of people who are always on the street,
and they .stand about and laugh until the
, owner of the piece of bedding comes
| laughingly forward and rescues It from
the person in whose hands it has fallen.
Tobacco Exports to Japan.
"In the part of North Carolina I live
in," remarked a man from that State re
cently, "the thirst bright tobacco In the
United Staffs Is produced. A large per
ge of It is snipped to Japan, China,
England and some to Australia. The
Japanese only began buying of us within
the last year or two. They raise a native
tobacco over thorp which has no more
flavor than oak leaves, and is ho immeas
urably Inferior "to ours that once they got
hold of the American product they voted
i' i good thing and have heen importing it
In Increasingly large quantities every
year i>> th" neglect of the home article.
They use it for smoking, the most of It
pcinjj into cigarettes. Smart little people,
these Japs; they have caught on In
great Btyle to the cigarette business, ns-
Ing American machines and imitating our
boxes and ever the names of our popular
brands. Tobacco growing In our section
as a profitable industry heats cotton
planting all hollow, and many of our
farmers not only make a good living out
Of the fragrant weed, hut acquire com
fortable bank accounts."— Kansas City
Journal.
■ m ■
Wanted Heavier Revolvers.
After the capture of Suakim it was al
leged In the House of Commons that the
lances served out were totally unfit for
use, bending directly they were put to
the trial. And now, as the result of the
experience of the recent campaign, the
Mauser revolver is being severely criti
cized. Other declare that in many cases
the revolver was absolutely useless, and
rather than lean on a broken reed they
preferred to discard the pistol altogether,
for it is a serious affair to discover that
you have been relying upon a weapon
which is useless for its purpose. The same
verdict comes from the northwest fron
tier of India. What seems to be wanted
is an effective "man-stopping" revolver
which will stand the test of a campaign.
It Is suggested that too much has been
sacrificed for the sake of lightness. Of
course weight is an important considera
tion, but officers would not mind a little
heavier pistol, provided it was additional
ly reliable.— Naval and Military Record.
■ ■«■ ■ .
One That He Didn't Miss.
"Brownling Is a fellow who has missed
many a fine opportunity, according to his
own statements."
"Yes, but I remember a time when he
rose to an occasion."
"When was that?"
"It was Beven or eight years ago when
he and I were working in the oil regions
He thawed out a stick of dynamite. As
luck would have it, he managed to catca
hold of a corner of the derrick as he was
going up, so ho saved himself."
AT UNIVERSITY
OF THE PACIFIC
Forty - Seventh Annual
Commencement.
AND REUNION OF THE ALUMNI
GRADUATES AND THE DEGREES
THEY RECEIVE.
Many Noted Men Participate in the
Exercises of the Day and Night
and Good Words Spoken
for Higher Education.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, June B.— This was a gala
day at the University of the Pacific. Be
sides the forty-seventh annual com
mencement exercises being held. It was
the annual reunion of the Alumni Asso
ciation. The graduates and old students
fairly swarmed the grounds. The great
est cheer prevailed, and the handshakes
and greetings showed the fellowship that
still exists among its alumni. Prominent
clergymen, professional and business men
from all over the State were present, and
when the evening closed these old class
mates had feasted and enjoyed them
selves to their hearts' content.
The day opened with the commence
ment exercises. The chapel was crowd
ed, and the young ladies and gentlemen
graduates presented a fine appearance
and showed the careful training they had
received at the institution. A fine musi
cal programme was rendered. President
J. E. Stubbs of the University of Nevada
delivered the graduating address. His
subject was "The College of To-day." He
pointed out the benefits that accrued from
college education, and said that in this
country the college is the criterion of ed
ucational thought.
President Eli McClish in a few well
chosen words conferred degrees upon the
following graduates:
Bachelor of Arts— Ernest Grigg, Dean Rich
mond Swift, John Henry Williams.
Bachelor of Science— Mary L. Glide, Clarke
Luring McClish.
Bachelor of Letter?— Man" Elizabeth Crothers.
Bachelor of Muelc— Nettle Evans Bernhard I
tplano). Grace E. Freeman (violin), Jessie May ;
Kellogg (vocal musio, Louis Herman Lei be
(violin), Clarke I>>rinK McClish (vocal musio,
Henrietta -Mar;.; Miller (piano), Guesle Ter
wllliger (piano), Minnie Alice Turk (piano),
Edith Grace Van Anna 'piano), Edwin Henry
Williams (violin), Mr.». Ethel Hecker (violin).
Master of Arts— Alfred John Case "f the class i
John Sherman Meracle of the class of i
•91.
The following honorary degrees were award- '
el <m recommendation of the trustees: Doctor
Of Divinity— Rev. Frank S. Borton, Rev. John
Alexander O'Meara, Rev. W. s. I'nny.
The following instructors were made
professors by the faculty and trustees:
Wilbur McColl, piano department; Miss
Ella Booth, art department; Miss Nella ■
R i rs, vocal department; Miss Lulu j
Mayne, literary department; Professor j
Kroeck, department of biology.
There were numerous and beautiful flo- '■
r?il pieces. A general reception by stu
dents and parents followed. At noon a
dinner was served by the ladies of the
College Park church in Maple grove. Af- I
ter the repast the time was wbiled away
under the trees on the grounds, where an
ecdotes and family reunions held sway.
The Alumni Association met in annual
meeting in the conservatory parlor at
3:30. i
The alumni elected the following officers
for the ensuing year: President, A. J. :
Hanson; vice president, 1,. L. Dennett;
secretary, H. D. Hunt: treasurer, Can- -
line M. Pitkin; executive committee — Ml&d I
Annie Mayne, Mary Crothers, Frederick >
Hall, Professor H. M. Bland. Cecil Mark, i
J. A. Feirchlld, G. D. Gilman.
„ C. NT. Kirki.Hrlr introduced a resolution '■
for an ex-students' alumni fund, which
was unanimously passed by the aasocia- ;
tlon. The plan is to raise a" fund of $50,000
and have different subscriptions collected
to bear interest until the whole fun 1 Is
gathered In, and then turn the entire
amount over to the university. A. J. Han
son, W. S. Clayton. J. R. Zuek C \
Shurtliff VV. D. Klngsbury, 1.. L. Dennett
and L. N. Kirkbride were appointed trus
tees to handle the fund.
The trustees of the university at a meet
ing to-day adopted a plan for the Issuance
of $100,000 bonds. All legal steps had been
taken, so all that remained was to order
the issu.. through the trustees. This waa
done and the paper will now be floated
The anniversary exercises of the Al
umni Association filled the chapel to over
flowing this evening. An especially tine
literary and musical programme was ren
dered. The programme was as follows:
Overture. "Klopement." from Serail (Mozart)
I> - Al>l:ilng orchestra of thirty pieces* • vo.-ai
solo,, "Elizabeth's Prayer." from Tannhauser
Mrs. Lena Hillman-Pmith, '91
Attorney J. R. Welch of the clap? of '87 irave
an historical sketch of the alumni.
A vocal solo. "Rolling: and Foaming- Billows"
(Haydn), was rendered by Richard It Coyle
•98; piano solo, "Sonata E minor 11 (Grieg)!
Miss Ella Brady. '96.
O ngressman j. Carson Needham of the class
of '86 delivered an address. College life and
Its attendant benefits to after life were pone
Miss Laura Llnville, '94, rendered the solo
•Delight." The exercises closed with s.msa'H
march. "The Stars and Stripes Forever" by
the IVAhlalng orchestra.
The alumni banquet followed. About 100
members and friends were present. V fine
menu was interspersed with happy speeches
and thoughts. President A. J. Hanson of the
Alumni Association was toat-tmaster Tie wel
oomed the member* m the festal hnnr.i and
spoke of the class of '99. The broad educa
tion the ciiiepe afforded was Hpoken of and
he predicted that the *raduatinp class would
add luster to the name of the university Fr
nest OrIKK Of the class of '99 responded The
rest of the toaFts were: "Our Alma Mater"
President McClish; "Our Methodist Itinerants'"
Rev. William Anjfwln; "The Alumni Endow
ment Scheme," C. X. Kirkbride, - S7- "The
Man TVith the Book," Professor I. C. Hatch
Napa, '92; "The Men Whom Oncp u> Feared
But Now Admlre-the T'niversity Trustees"
T. C. HaoChesney; "Our Alumni' Preachers!"
Rev. Hugh Baker. 'SK; "The Greatest I'.ipii
lar Educator— the Press," C M Wooster of
San Jose Mercury; "The Garden City Alumni "
J. A. Fairchlld. >i.
LOS ANGELES TO VOTE
ON WATER QUESTION
Proposed Issuance of Two Million
Dollars in Bonds to Be Decided
at the Polls.
LOS ANGELES, June B.— UniWi present
plans miscarry, the people of Los Arfgelea
will have an opportunity to vote for bonds
for a municipal water plant some time
during the second week in August City
Attorney Walter F. Haas to-day said the
special corps In the City Engineer's office
that had been for some time at work upon
the matter would have the plans ;m d
specifications for the proposed bonds com
pleted in about three weeks The pre
limlnary ordinances will then he adopted
by the Council and the election will be
called. The Issue will be submitted to the
people within thirty days thereafter the
law compelling the election to be called
within that time. The total amount of
the bond issue will be within $2,000,000
that having been definitely determined'
The bond issue is contemplated In the
fare of the recent decision of the Supreme
Court and Is in keeping with the pledges
made by the political party now in power
The water works muddle will, it Is said
be further complicated hy an appeal to
the United States Supreme Court of the
points involved in the head works case
This feature of the Imbroglio will be taken
up as soon as Senator White, who is chief
of counsel for the water company, is re
leased from duty in the Alford murder
trial.
Tlie Fourth at Stockton.
STOCKTON. June for
the Fourth of July celebration are g-oing
forward and the people of the city expect j
one of the best celebrations in years A
special feature upon which the committee
If now at work Is the securing of the
presence of several divisions of the Uni
form Rank. Knigrhts of Pythias, for the
parade. Four divisions of San Francisco !
and Oakland have already signified their I
willingness to attend, and there will be '<
no trouble in getting the Fresno ana i
Angels Camp companies to attend. The !
local Exempt Fire Company is inviting
similar organizations to join in the cele
bration. Wheelmen to the number of sev
eral hundred will ba In line. I
DEFENDANT LEE
TELLS HIS STORY
Says He Did Not Slay
the Fountains.
HIS OWN LIFE THREATENED
MOB VIOLENCE ADVOCATED AND
SHOTS FIRED AT HIM.
The Accused Calmly Narrates the Pur
suit of Officers and Admits
That He Killed One of
Them, Kearney.
Fr>eelal Dlaratch to The Call.
HTLLSBORO, N. Mex.. June B.— The de
fens* in the Fountain murder trial
strengthened the alibi this morning, when
Albert Blevin, a Texas and Pacific fire
man, who worked near Dog Canyon, testi
fied that he was with Lee and' Gi'lliland
at Lee's ranch, sixty miles from the mur
der scene, during the very time Colonel
Fountain and his son are said to have
been killed. Blevin arrived there ai 1'
p. m. on Saturday. February 1, and re
mained until Monday. Maxwell was also
there. The latter had said the defendants
were not there. The witness also said
the cattle the prosecution claimed to have
been used to obliterate the trails were
under contract to be delivered and that
I>ee was with him the day he met the
herd. He refuted the statements of sus
picious actions in the presence of the
searchers.
The prosecution held the witness nearly
three hours, vainly trying to confuse him.
The defense has discharged half its wit
nesses, as they are not considered neces
sary.
Mrs. Lee, the widowed mother of the
defendant Lee, told a straightforward
story of the presence of her son at the
home at the time Colonel Fountain and
his son are supposed to have been mur
dered.
Oliver Lee repeated the defense's story
of his whereabout* at that time and said
that he ilrst heard he was Buspected sev
eral days later. He than went to Las
Cruces and found a warrant had been
Issued. He offered to surrender and stand
trial then but was refused. An extra
issue of a Las Cruces paper suggested
mob law and openly accused him of the
Fountain murder. He learned that a posse
was searching for him and that among
its members was Ben Williams, who was
said to have a mania -jfor murder, and
others known to X- his jflien^ifs. Then he
returned to his ranclv ,/'
The prosecution objected to the intro
duction of the newspaper as evidence. In
the argument Attorney Fall said he could
print to the man who wrote the article,
and he was not the editor. The prosecu
tion contended that newspaper editorials
ere simply statements of editors and not
public opinion. The court admitted the
comments, but no statements of alleged
facts.
Continuing, the witness said that, fear
ing the officers would kill him. with a
warrant as an excuse, he hurried home,
but visited Las Cruces several times
afterward and learned the warrant had
been withdrawn. The matter was espe
cially rife at election lime. When the last
warrant was issued he did not surrender
b< cause of mob talk and of information
that certain persons had said they would
do him violence if he fame in. Subse
quently he agreed with Judge Parker, who
is now trying the case, to surrender on
condition that he be not committed to
jail, and did so. Regarding the killing of
Deputy Kearney last July, he saiij he
slept on the roof because he feared he
would be killed by threatening parties.
"I was fired upon when asleep." said the
witness. "Kearney fired twice and <iar
rett also fired before I fired, r heard no
command of hands up, but Oarrett was
talking while shooting. I killed Kearney.
ADVERTISEMENTS. . .
From All Parts of California Come Grateful Letters
Telling of Cures by Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt.
\\\ t\£*~^/ • ISI EfVDll* RBI V
■■- '^-^ll^T 1 , - *v- f" ■?• : '<*\ 1111
IT HAS OVER 10,000 CURES!
When your neighbor says it cured him, when you know that over 10,000 men have
been restored by it, you must have confidence in this wonderful Belt, If you have failed
in other means that is no argument against it, for nine out of ten of its cures were made
after all else had failed. It pours vitality into the nerves and muscles, restoring the
wasted power, and it must cure.
READ THESE REMARKABLE CURES
. M SAN FRANCISCO CURE.
DR. M. A. McLAUGHLIN-Dear Sir: Haying: suffered with rheumatism for over two yefr^conVlu^t^'tr^Tour Brtl some
few months a o It having been recommended to me hy a brother engineer, who had been cured by it. After wearing the Belt
faithfully am pleased to ( say that it has driven every sign of the trouble from my body, and am completely relieved of all
pains. I was troubled with Sciatic Rheumatism also. Will cheerfully recommend the Belt. Yours very truly ' tlltv^ "* a"
JAMES PARKER, 723 Green st.
A/ARIGOGELE AND WEAKNESS CURED.
DR. M. A. MCLAUGHLIN: I have been a sufferer for ten years with Varicocele and Weakness. After wearing your Belt for
about ten weeks I am Pleased to say that the weakness has entirely disappeared and that the Varicose Veins have been reduced to
their natural size. I will always recommend your Belt, and words cannot express mv gratefulness to you for the benefit 1 have
received. Wishing you all the success that I possibly can, I remain, yours very truly, LOUIS FOSCALINA.
CURED PARALYSIS AND WEAKNESS.
DR. M. A. McLAUGHLIN-Dear Sir: It is with pleasure I make known the great benefit I have recelved^frwLyoui^Belt For
years before starting the use of the Belt r had suffered with Paralysis, poor circulation and poor eyesight as well as nervousneaS'
in fact, was almost a wreck I doctored and drugged till I was discouraged. The last four years I was in a terrible condlt on i
commenced the use of your Belt two months ago, having; but little confidence in its doing what you promised hut after i ivine If
a faithful trial find myself in better health to-day than I ever expected to be. I have gained in strength and every =icn of mv
troubles has disi=a:»eared. I seemed to gain from the first application of the Belt. The paralysis has gone arid the circuTaUon is
T y^-\^^^^%ii^% r \^£^M€h^k for what the i^ii^^uilrl^?
STOP DRUGGING AND TRY IT. l nd T 8 & S5& a^?&% II IfissiEwH !X *$LZ W^MiM
ne^nd'kinS ailment" 6 ™* brlnffBthe nerves ™ to a vigorous standard. It Positively cCs'aUw'eaknesfof'me'n.^^oui-
A FREE BOOK— -"THREE CLASSES OF W"-]R^-^ff^^ tt W^
dr. m, a. Mclaughlin 7o^^^^ opF -=^zr^
Mill Ifll ni lIIUUnWUIIL.III Cer. Spring .ud B.cond, Loa Ang 9 le . NEVER SOLD IN DRUGSTORES.
EXCAVATORS BURIED
BY BIG LANDSLIDE.
Twenty-Eight Railroad Laborers
filled in ar> Arkansas
Disaster.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., June B.— It is reported here to-night that a
landslide occurred at Ross Hollow and engulfed twenty-eight men, all of
whom are supposed to have been killed. Ross Hollow is a pass between
two small mountain ranges, about twenty-eight miles west of Little
Rock, on the line of the Choctaw and Memphis Railway, now undor con
struction from Little Rock to Howtit. A large force cf graders has been
engaged in grading the road through the pass, and. according to the re
port, it was a part of this force of men that were caught under the fall
ing earth.
The report cannot be confirmed to-night. None of the officials of the
road nor any of the contractors who are at present in this city have re
ceived news of the accident. The report was brought in by farmers
traveling from the locality. The scene of the accident is twenty-eight
miles from here, over a rough stretch of country, and it is impossible to
get news from there to-night. According to the farmers bringing the
news a large force of men were engaged in excavating in a deep cut,
when the earth above, which had been loosened by heavy rain, suddenly
came down upon them, burying twenty-eight men in tons of earth.
"We took care of him and made him as
rcmfortable as possible while dying. I
made Garrett's party ride away, but
agreed to surrender on condition that he
would tell the truth. T was waiting for a
new Sheriff in Dona Ana County before
surrendering. We were at Dog- Canyon al
most every day after Fountain's disap
pearance, and no one sought us there."
Lee was still on the stand when a recess
v:as taken until evening.
NO DANGER OF THE PLAGUE.
The Disease Cannot Thrive in the
United States.
WASHINGTON, June R.— The spread of
the. bubonic plague throughout the far
East and the fact that it is attacking Ku
rcpe, has caused considerable comment in
medical circles here. Surgeon General
W. K. Van Reypen of the navy is an au
thority on this disease. In discussing the
probability of its reaching San Francisco,
he said:
"The climatic conditions of the United
States preclude the possibility of the
plague ever getting within this country.
It Is •■: disease peculiar to the Orient, and
seldom, if ever, attacks Europeans. The
bubonic plague with reference to the
United States Is like- beri beri. A Japa
nese vetasel once brought a number of
cases of this disease to New York. Those
afflicted were Isolated and soon recover* d.
M here is absolutely no danger of the
plague ever getting here."
The acting surgeon general of the army,
Colonel Charles H. Alden, said: '-The
Oi arantine service is <=<j^^ficie:it that the
bubonic plague could siof^fcobtain a foot
hold in the United States, even though the
conditions wore favorable. I don't know
of a single case of plague in the United
States. It is a disease which flourish! >
only where there is dirt and filth."
MUST WAIT FOR THE BADGER.
California Naval Militia Cannot
Cruise at Present.
WASHINGTON, June B.— Unless the
auxiliary cruiser Badger returns from Sa
moa within a short time, the practice
cruise of the California Naval Militia may
bo indefinitely delayed this year. Lieu
tenant W. H. 11. Southerland. in charge
of the naval militia of the various
States, said to-day that at the present
time there was no vessel on the Pacific
Coast which could be utitlized for tin's
cruise. No requests have been received
from the California Naval Militia to be
permitted to take their annual cruise, and
until the Hanger returns no action will
be taken by the Navy Department.
Lieutenant Southerland stated that he
was hopeful that the work of the Sa
moan Joint Hi.uti Commission would be
concluded ai an early date, and that Im
mediately upon the I the Badger
sh,- would i" available for this service.i
It would be Impossible, he stated, t<
another vessel from the Atlantic station
to the Pacific for the purpose of sending
the naval militia to sea.
LARGER THAN MAMMOTH
CAVE OF KENTUCKY
Burial Cavern of the Maoris Found
by a Scientist In New
Zealand.
VICTORIA, ,Jun.> B.— The Mammoth)
Cave of Kentucky, which has held tha
record heretofore as the world's greatest
cav<rn, must hereafter give precedence
greater cave of New Zealand, dis
covered on the 27th of April by Horace
Johnstone near Port Waikato and but
ten or twelve miles from the city "f
Wellington. The cave is in limestone and
is supposed to be the gTeat burial cave of
the Maoris, described in all the legends of
that race. Johnstone's description of his
find upon his return to Wellington to re
plenish his stock of candles and guidance
< ord is very Interesting. He says:
"I had laid aside my scientific investi
gations for the nonce and taking my
gun, determined upon a day of unaJ
amusement, and I had just shot a j
which had fallen into a gully. i
lowed it and on the side of the hill 1 saw
a large opening some twenty feet wide by
about fifteen In height. The roof, E
should judge, is from 100 I ibove
the irregular floor. Procuring candles and
guidance cord to insure myself ag
being lost. 1 followed the main chamber
for a distance of two miles, at which
point it appeared to open rather than
contract. The roof there I could not see
it was lost in the shadows of my poor
candles. Midway between that point atvl
the entrance were numerous cvi
openings. I approached one. and. looking
in, saw amid the darkness white shining
columns, which glistened and shone as I
moved, whilst 1 could hear the drip, drip
of water in the distance.
"Oniighting wax matches and exploring
as far as my limited supply of light
would permit, I found innumerable col
umns of stalactiti s and stalagmites,show
ing every shade of color. The main cav
ern is undoubtedly miles in length. From
its burial urns and other evidenci
sepulture, I believe ir Is the great Maori
burial cave at last revealed."
A large exploration party has been or
ganized under Mr. Johnstone's direction
and was to have started for the cave on
May 11.STREET RAILWAY
FRANCHISES WILL
BE CONSIDERED
The Street Committee
Takes Action.
BOARD MEETING ON MONDAY
PROTESTANTS WILL BE GIVEN
A HEARING.
Notices Will Be Sent to All Interested
Persons— Final Action Not
Yet Decided
Upon.
Mayor Phelan's indecision as to whether
or not he will rail a meeting of the Board
if Supervisors for next Monday afternoon
3oes not concern those majority members
of the. board who have to be called the
"Solid Seven." They will hold a meet
ing on Monday, no matter what the
Mayor may or may not do. and they will
take v.p consideration of the obnoxious
street railway franchises So much was
decided upon yesterday at the meeting of
the Street Committee. Whether any
attempt will be made to take final action
on the granting of the franchises is a
question thai has not been ■ mined.
Among other thlnps thai engaged the
attention of the Street Committee yester
day were a number of protests thai have
been made during the past two weeks
against the granting if the proposed fran
chise, particularly the franchises for
the Geary-street road and the so-called
corkscrew road. After some little discus
sion it was agreed to instruct the clerk
of the Board of Supervisors to notify all
interested parties, ■ eluding the various
improvement clubs and the representa
tives of the Market-street Railway Com
pany, to appear before the board at 4
o clock on Monday moon, at which
time all ■' '■ "■•> care to make an appeal for
• r aerainst the proposed franchises will be
given an opportunity to be heard.
This afternoon at 12:30 o'clock the mem
bers of the North Centra! Improvement
,;iul> will meet in the office of Mayor Phe
an for the purpose of presenting argii
ments why permission for the building
if the proposed corkscrew road should be
granted. Mayor Phelan has already ex
i'r«ssed himself as being in favor of the
-oad. provided it is built on the same con
ditions as would be Imposed under the
new charter, and the additional condi
ions that it run down Post street instead
;>!' Geary street, and that an underground
•ystem of electric power is used.
DOMINATING CONVENTION
Committee of Seven Appointed to
Recommend a Scheme of Ap
pointments for Precincts.
'■ McDoi ' airmai of the
Democratic County I'runmittof- of One
the folll
■ ie precin< I
municipal nominating
L. F. Byington, chairman;
ilty. William T. Hpss Emli
f of the general commlt
- 9' Hall Wednesday
!
■ecinct
with the
THE SANTIAGO CAMPAIGN
Miss Anna Benjamin's Lecture for
First Unitarian Sunday School.
Miss Anna Benjamin lectured in the
First T nitarian Church last evening for
tho benefit of the Sunday school she
took for her subject h*r experiences with
the army in the ramnsim h0t,,,.. 0.._
TARANTULA AND SCORPION
FIGHT TO THE DEATH
WHILE sporting critics and special commissioner? were grinding out
columns about a fight that is to take place three thousand miles from
Kan Francisco a er-nuine fipht to the finish, with an eat-your-opponent
terminus, was taking placo right in the heart of the city. i n this case
neither of I : era had a special commissioner watching mm train.
er were not In armor rla-d nor did they even wear jriovo.i. The only thing
modern about the fight was that It took place in a Baloon. The opponents
'■• th of th< middle-weight class, or. in other words, a medium-sized
• •■ Tiittt-d against a medium-Hired scorpion In Sam Mount's popu
( Ode house on Montgomory street. There were Beveral old-time
around who had witnessed fiascos between being« which considered
elves above th> level of the beast, and heists consider themselves
f reptiles, so these gei^tlem^n naturally expected the "bum
kind of a bum exhibition." But they wf>r< agreeably disappointed. A
-y of the right as told by one of them between drinks 1= as follows:
'"Time was called at 3 Vclock. There were no preliminaries and the oppo
■ . ■ .-. ■ • r urn< -1 into a glass bowl wltl: a paper tied over the top, so nr-ith.-r
of them could nit any of the audience by mistake. .1. , T . Lyons waa made
timekeeper by acclamation. There was no referee, as It waa understood that
fyes, make min<- «-hisky straight) it was understood tnat they were to lisai
Marqulet or Channel -street rules. Well, both of them grot
the i could just see Scorp put rni> of his thumbs against his
ifid twaddle i dozen or so of his feelers at th^ t.mtnr. The tarani
picked up Charley Mitchell's tactics, turned up his nose and began backing
around the globe. He didn't haw far v bark. Old Scorp stood his ground
with his tall in. ihc :tir like a bantam rcoster, and when th.- tarant backed up
against him he !et ihe Bpider have it in the kidneys.
"For h minute th< Bpider'e paunch looked like a balloon just after it has
punctured, L>ul he was game. H« Just ran around about nine times and
a littli Mitchell did when Sullivan was aff-r him. and stopped
in tin* ' one in the solar plexus. This stopped him short, and he
made h left h0..;; with four of his fist:- at onre and caugnt Scorp under what
ought to be the right ear. Scorp rolled over. In a minute they started at n
again, looking a trifle groggy. Tarani had throe bIR punctures in bis paunch
orp hn'l lost a couple of fins and looked more like Lue lobster lie w.is
than ever. They backed to different parta of the ring-" and b< can to spit poison
■ another. Pa rant got some in one of his eyes. His race actually flushed
and he made for the Bcorp,
"Scorp was standing Btill v.ith his hind tin in the air and the stinp stirk
i.-ic out like a ne> die in a Sunday-school teacher's chair before ho sits down.
plder didn't ;<r" a leg and Just sailed in and clinched. When they g-ot
out of the sawdust Scbrp's tail umi Bting were pone. Th • spider, had lost
both eara and half of one of his feelers. Scorp couldn't fipht much mo,-,
with his sting ffor..\ but he m;i<l. a bold try at It. anyway, and picked a
'hunk out of the spider's front. Bpider frot real mad th^n. He made one hip
jump and grabbed Scorp with all his arms at once. 1 felt .1 little sick. When
! looked again they were stii: cllncned, but the srorpV head was in the
Bpid< r'a mouth, i said foul.' but no one wanted to put his hand in and sep,-).
rate thrm. so Lyons called time ;it three-quarters of an hour. That lobster of
a scorpion looked dead, and I guess he Is."
The last time the two reptiles wen. seen the tarantula had eaten aver
half the body of hip opponent.
WILD STRAWBERRIES
LURED HENRY WAHNIG
DROWNED IN STOW LAKE.
i
HENRY WAHNIG i 19-year-old hoy. was rirnwnfd yesterday aftprnoon
In Stow Lake * rvoir, Golden Gate Park, while attf-mptinp to gathei
wild strawberries on the sloping bank of the reservoir.
Wahn - was i laborer, whose duty it was to attend to the feeding
of the ducks. p.-« se. swans and other fowl on th<^ lakp. At the noon intermis
sion the boy sat on the bank to eat his lunch, and while so engaged he saw
some .wild Btrawberries down the slope leading into the reservoir. In reach
ing tor the berries he caught hold of a picket on the fence to keep himself
from falling, and the top of the picket broke off, letting him fall into nin>>
feet f>f water Being unable to swim he immediately sank to the bottom and
was drowned.
Thr accident was witnessed by B. W. Haulbrech of 701 Clayton street. T.
Hannan of. 232 Valley street and J nines Smith of 306 Ninth street, park la
borers, but they, too, being unaou to swim, could do nothing except call for
help. The park police and other employes succeeded in recovering the body.
Messenger Flannigan and Deputy Coroner Sullivan took the body in the
Morgue wagon to the residence of the boy's parents at 2M>; Golden iJate
avenue. An Inauest will be held.
tiago She was correspondent for Les
lie"s Weekly and the New York Church
man, and her duties led her to follow the
army from Tampa across to Ouba and on
to Santiago. She was with General Shaf
ter's headquarters most of the time and
had unusual opportunities to observe
what was going 1 on.
The lecture was plentifully illustrated
with stereoptiro views. They Included
pictures of the commanding: officers, of the
battlefields and <■• Santiago and numer
ous scenes from the camp life of the sol
diers.
Want Phelan Renominated
At .•' meeting nf th- Democrats of th<
Forty-fourth Assembly District a ruotior
for permanent organization w;is made h\
O. Kupcr. after which the following wen
elected officers: I>r. Guido E. <"aelieri
Not an artist nor
a cartoonist came
near to art or
. cartoon, yet both
got In training
and when time
was called they
entered the ring
• without falter
ing:. And. strange
to ' say, they
t trained in a legit
imate manner
diet and j> exercise
—with never a
typewrit*
The fight came
oft and it was
fought to a pood
uld-fashioned fin
ish, even as the
gladiators in the
good old days
fought to a fin
ish. These mod
ern gladiators
who spurned tin
typewriter, cam
era fiend, pool
seller and special
commission-
THE SAN FKAXCTSCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 9, 1899.
chairman; O. Kuper. first vice president;
E. Boen, second vice president; J. L. Mar
kel. secretary; T. v. Riley. recording sec
retary, and P. Caslagneto, treasurer.
About 300 citizens signed the charter roll.
Resolutions were immediately passed in
dorsing the actions of Mayor Phelan in
his opposition to the corporations and mo
nopolies, and especially in his efforts to
compel the c.is company to make a re
duction of the rate to consumers. The
club further declared itself in favor of
the renomination of James D. Phelan for
Mayor. __^_^___^^^__
OLIVE BRANCH CHAPTER
PROVES ITS GRATITUDE
RECOGNITION OF THE EFFORTS
OF KIND FRIENDb.
An At Home to Many Members of the
Order of the Eastern Star.
A Presentation.
Olive Branch chapter. Order of the
Eastern Star, which whs Instituted about
i three month? ago, gave an "at home" last
night hi the parlors of Mrs.* John H. Cro
shaw at 807 California Btreet for the pur
pose of showing its gratitude to thus.'
members of th* order who assisted in
placing the chapter on the solid hasis of
fraternity. Those who were specially
honored were Mrs. Durend, Mrs. Duncan,
Mrs. Brown, Miss x. Brown, Mrs. Hickey,
Mrs. Ayrs. Mrs. Sanborn, Mrs. Lewis,
Mrs. Nye, Mrs. Beckerdorf and Dr. Mill
berry. There were present upon invitation
a larp^ number of ladies and gentlemen
■who belong to the Eastern Star and sev
eral who ;ire not members.
• Mrs. C. 1.. P. Marals, the matron, and
C. L. P. Marais. the patron of the chap
ter, acted as hostess and host, and aft«T
; receiving the guests there was an hour
of entertainment in the nature of hlgh
class vocal ami instrumental music and
recitations, after which all wore escorted
to a very tastefully decorated room, in
which there was a choicr- collation. Aft<T
the various dainties had been discussed,
Mr. Marala in a neat speech expressed
the gratitude of the chapter to the guests
of honor for their kind assistance, and
then to Mrs. Sanhorn. who temporarily
Riled th> office of secretary for the chap
ter, he presented a handsome pin com
posed of olive leaves anil the fruit in the
Bhape of pearls. This was followed hy a
pleasant ..response by the recipient and a
short address or the rise and work ol
< the chapter by Dr. A. Miles Taylor. The
assemblage then returned to the parlors
and there was a programme of dances.
Among the number present aside from
thos'' already named were:
Associate Grand Patron 1 George L.
Darling and Mrs. Nellie A. Darling Dr.
Serviss. Mr. and Mrs. Jost. Mrs. Reed
Mrs. Pistoles! , Mrs. Bertha Mcßeth, Mr.
and .Mrs Berry, Mr. and Mrs. Val
Schmidt, Miss Kisen. Mrs. Hosmer, Mrs.
C R. Richardson of Ivy CMapter, Mi-.
E. C. Warner, Mr. and Mrs. Marcus Gefz,
Mrs. Kitchen, Mrs. .Jam^s Foung, Rev.
■ it. W. E. Smith. Miss Teresa Fredericks.
Mrs. Ada M. .lone-:. Miss Mellisa Q. Mc
idi-Vey. Miss Anna L. Arper, Mrs. P. L.
Ciprico, Miss Ciprlco, Mrs. Rohrbacher
Miss Rohrbacher, Dr. D<-witt. Mrs Wag
ner, Mrs. Weeks, Dr. <;. Bushnetl, Mrs.
Vanderboss, Mr. Nye. Mr. and Mrs. B. B.
Duncan, il^irgp Owens. Mrs. A. H. Mill
; berry, Mr. and Mrs. C. 1.. Pierce, Mrs.
Gates, Mrs. I>> -r. Miss Dyer, Mrs. Koch,
I George McConkey, Mr. *nd Mro. Hickey.
J. I*. White. H. W. (Jettinp. Mrs. Carter,
Miss Carter and Miss Emma Dodge.
Those who contributed to the entertain
ment of the evening were Mrs. Langstra.fi,
Miss Frederick, Miss Marie Pernan, Mr.
Weeks, Miss Coney and Mrs. E. S. Cip
rlco.
LOTTERY SHARP CAUGHT.
George Upton, Bogus Ticket Man,
Behind the Bars.
'Jenrge Upton, alias "Joseph Johnson."
was arrested yesterday evening by Police
men Esola and Tyrrell of the California
street station and charged with aiding
and abetting a lottery. Upton i.s an old
offender. He was arrested about a year
i.t:n for printing and selling bogus 1 lottery
tickets and convicted. He paid a tine of
$2"0 an'i agreed to leave the city at once.
Instead of doing 80, !><• changed his name
U> Johnson and resumed business at his
old stand, room 26, 131 Montgomery street.
Yesterday K^ola and Tyrrell sent a stool
pigeon to Upton's place to purchase a
batch of Ucketl at "wholesale." The
scheme worked beautifully, the bogus
tickets being furnished at 5 cents each.
I^ast night I'ptor. was removed to the
City Prison.
Convicted of Counterfeiting.
Joseph Hay was convicted by a jury I
yesterday in the I'nited States District '
f'ourt of having had In his possession
three counterfeit half-dollars with Intent
to defraud. He will be sentenced next
Saturday.
BUNKER HILL
MINE SOLO
AT AUCTION
i Amador Syndicate the
Highest Bidder.
1
THE PROPERTY FAMOUS
HOW A PHILADELPHIA BANK
BECAME INTERESTED.
i
I Comptroller of the Currency Refused
to Confirm the First Sale of the
Property— A Very Low
Figure.
The Bunker Hill and Mayflower gold
mines in Amador County were sold at
, auction yesterday morning in front of the
I Appraiser's building by order of the ref
eree. The bidding started at $20,000 ami
the property was knocked down for $30,
--500 to c. R. Downs, representing a min
ing syndicate of Sutter Creek, Amador
County.
There is an interesting story connected
with the sale of this mining property.
The Bunker Hill is a famous mine, with
a record of producing $1,000,000. It was
; discovered In ISSO. In the process of mm]
] Ing developments all over this State, one
Bet of managers having control of the
! Hunker Hill, fancied that it would be a
■ good plan to permit Philadelphia capi
| talists to join in the work of bringing
I the treasure of the earth to the surface.
■ The suggestion was favorably received in
j the Quaker City and money to the amount
of $300,000 was advanced by the Spring
Garden National Bank of Philadelphia.
' The .Bunker Hill and Mayflower mines
| were taken by the bank to secure th
money loaned.
I Some years ago the Spring Garden Rank
suspended payment and the Comptroller
I of the Currency took charge of the institu
tion. A receiver was appointed and mea
sures were taken to convert the assets
, of the bank into cash to pay the deposi
. tors.
The receiver held undisputed possession
1 of the mining property tor six years. A
short time ago the property was sold for
i $20,000, but one of the depositors Mr.
Cheney, objected to the confirmation of
the sale on the ground that the mine was
1 worth more than that sum of money, and
the Comptroller refused to confirm the
i | transaction.
j The second sale was advertised in New
i i York. Boston.* Chicago, St. Louis Den
ver and San Francisco. "William A: Lam
t son of the Treasury Department was as-
M signed to the duty of conducting the pro
ceedings. To remove all doubts as to
i title the Treasury Department wired Mr.
Lamson as follows:
' . WASHINGTON, D. C, June 6. ISM.
William A. I^int-nn. San Francisco: The sale
i of the Hunker Hill and Mayflower mines, an
asset of the Spring Garden National, waj not
f confirmed by the court because creditors? of
1 Bald bank urged the objection that the price
I was Inadequate. The title In the receiver, and
i ! which he will convey by quitclaim deed, has
■ never been attacked or even uueßtloned either
; directly or collaterally. It is believed th« re
-1 ceiver has a perfectly valid title li every par
i ticular ' which he will convey under order of
court to the purchaser.
• ." LAWRENCE O. MURRAY,
•„' , Deputy and Acting Comptroller.
The sale, according to advertisement
took ;■'•!. •■ yesterday. K. S. Pillsbury
represented the . receiver and Judge
DEATH CAME WHILE
HE WAS SLEEPING
James Scouler, Pioneer and One of
the Founders of St. Andrew's
Society, Is No More.
JAMBS SCOULER. a '49er and one of the founders of the Pi. Andrew's
Bociety, passed away at his home, 830 Vallejo strop), yesterday aftcr
nnnn. For a man of his years he had passed th< three score and ten
limit- in- enjoyed remarkably good health, ami yesterday morning went
'■•lit for his usual walk. He returned home aboul noontime and sat
down on tin- lounge and picked mi a paper i" read. When on- 1 of the
sons called at the hdiis>- to pay his customary Thursday visit to his father
ho found tho o!<1 gentleman with th> paper still in his hands, his glasses
in position on his nose, apparently asleep, (t was the sleep that knows no
waking. Without a struggle he had passed away.
James Scouler was born in Glasgow, Scotland, in 1824. and when 23 ypars
oi<i went to South America to seek his fortune. When gold was discovered
in California he was in Valparaiso, and from that place ho came to San
Francisco in the ship Cornelius Grinnell, arriving here in January, 1849. In
stead of going to the mines he wont to work for tho Pacific Mail <"ompany
anr] built the first offices tist d by that concern. After finishing that job he
went ;■■ the mines, but was one of the many who failed to find a fortune in
delving for gold. He came back to San Francisco and. in company with a
number of other disgusted miners, set up bachelor quarters on what is now
the corner of Stockton and Jackson streets.
In the summer of 1856 he went hack to Scotland, and on his return his
sister, now Mrs. A. Walcott, accompanied him. In September, 1%«, he. was
married to Miss .Lyiiia A. Wolfe, who survives him. He leaves four sons
and four daughters. Of the sons, James K. (Ralph) and Edwin are with
HirscJl & Kaiser; Benjamin is. with the Williams-Marvin Company and
Robert is with Pattosien & Co.
When the St. Andrew's Society was formed in San Francisco Mr. Scouler
became one of the charter members. He had been a regular attendant at the
Monday night meetings ever since, and in forty years he had not missed half
that number of regular sessions. lie will be buried next Sunday under the
auspices of the society.
! Llndley was there as counsel for the sue
, cessful bidder. Shalnwald <fc Buckbe*
1 managpd the transaction. The depositor
, who objected to the ronrirmatinn of the
■ sale for $20,000 was one of the bidders.
and his final offer for the property was
, $30,460. C. R. Downs, however, offered
$30,500. Here was a long pause, but no
other offers were made.
Mr. Downs, the successful bidder, was
the representative of several well-known
i mining men, among them ex-Senator E.
C. Voorheia and W. F. Detert.
The Bunker Hill mine is near Slitter
Creek, Amador County. The syndicate
purchasing the property is largely In
terested-in the Gwln and Lincoln' mines.
COURTS DEATH AGAIN.
Sing Lee Quong, a Murderous Chi
nese. Makes Another Attempt
at Suicide in His Cell.
Sing Lee Quong. a Chinaman confined
1 in the Broadway jail on a charge of as
sault to commit murder, attempted sui
j cide last night by hanging himself in his
; cell.
A few weeks ago Sing was arrested for
assaulting with a knife two Chinese un
dertakers who had given him a bed for
: the night in their office. Although the
' men were badly cut. both have recovered
, from the wounds inflicted by their mur
derous countryman.
The morning Sing was to appear In
' court two Chinese asked permission to
visit him. It was granted, and while the
| guard's bead was turned for a moment
I a small packet of "yen she," or opium
ashes, was passed to Sing. He swal
lowed about two ounces of the deadly
drug and was soon after hurried from
I the Police Court to the Receiving Hos
pital. After he had fully recovered from
the effects of the dose he stood his trial
and was sentenced to a term in the State
Prison. While awaiting transportation he
has been of a moody temperament, re
fusing to talk and feigning Bleep when
guard or visitors appeared.
. Last night the guard of the corridor in
' which he was held was aroused by a pro
longed tapping on the iron door of cell 3S.
He hurried to investigate, and found Sing
Lee Quong's crippled cellmate standing
I with his face pressed close against the
shutters. On being asked what was the
[ matter he said: "Sing been standing long
time in one place. Think sometings
i s'tnaFla." The door was immediately
opened, and it was found that Sing Lee
Quong had made a rope of his cardigan
jacket and a towel and hanged himself
from the top of the cell. Jailer Phillips
jat once cut him down. There was no
pulse noticeable and but a faint fluttering
of the heart. .Artificial respiration was
employed and Sing was soon found to be
out of danger.
The Chinese are known to be fatalists,
and in Chinatown it has often been said
that Sing would die by his own hand be
fore he would serve out his. term.
■ ♦ ■
Letter Carriers' Picnii
The annual picnic of the letter carriers >
of San Fran< ism will be held in Schuetzen I
I'ark (')i July 2, and the committee of ar
rangements Is determined to makp tho
affair the most enjdyable ever undertaken
by ihp organization. Professor Louis yon
der Mehden's military band has been en
prappd for the occasion, and over 300 valu
able prize? will be distributed to the con
testants in the games, which will be a
promlneni feature of rh<~- programme. A
postal grulde, just out. containing twenty
Pi'.t"-< of valuable Information, will also
l>o distributed free to the aublic. The
•is of the picnic will go to the letter
carri< rs' sick and death benefit fund.
Tried to Kill the Boatswain
Francisco Matione, a sailor on thr> Ar
g. ntlne warship Presidente Sarmiento. ap
peared before Judge Treadwell yesterday
on a charge of attempting to stall the
boatswain, Jose Cordo, th< previous day.
i -..told the Judge that he gave Matione
an order, but he objected to carry it out
and was reprimanded. Matione got drunk
and attempted to stab the boatswain with
a knife. At the request of the boatswain,
the Judge gave an order that Matione hi?
transferred tn the authorities on the war
ship, where he will be tried and properly
punished.
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
%&¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥+¥+¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥v£X
J Jw : ■ , •
* THF EMPOBIIIEfI
» cert at i:-, •: $W Ifl, ■*■▼■■ IHH .--.'s " 71/ »'" I
* ■ / '" ; ' '°' A - CAUFQRniASLAQGZST-AMERICA-S CRAHDEST STORE. '"'' ra '- c -'- *
* /^^ *
* /7 c ALL-DAY *y4-^ «
* // >sp£C/AL Sales —■ 7/ «
J 6/ V ■ *
* * : ■ ■ — * J
* The great success which has attended our (Mid-week Special *
4, Stf&s is due to our ironclad policy of doing exictlv as we adver- *
* iise. hio transaction is considered by us complete until the cm- *
* lemer is thoroughly satisfied. "#
* *_ 1 <#
• «
& ■ 2!
J Bargain Friday Sbecial. Bargain Friday Special Sale. *
* Children's B*Sn<c*£* Boys' Blouses and <#
J Fast Black HOSe. ykf a =-4~ <%=- *
* Children's extra heavy guaranteed fast WW mmm^m^jf »*<a^*#*
i#i black Cotton Hose— double knees, double A large lot ♦
♦ heaJs and double soles. They are the ■ / SN. . n __j rn t <#
•s - iiT _. 1M . , - • - i / c s^v \ oi r>o\ s o'Ji- jfct
m famous Iron Clad brand, and we nave / ><®iAfA „, ~
J never before sold them for leas than 25c A &*"^S j ° r Blouses J
- per pair — for to-day only. , &5? ''M* and Waists; *
» /6» a C the pair, / -ffc prices ranging «
* 3 pairs tor oOc. '!'*. -^fad^s. from 50c to *
* — : — ■ /i//( fxSlM^^i 75c; several 5
* Bargain Friday Sbecial Sale W^SF fl'.^TA broken lines of *
* __ M _ /{'■ I'r^rr' ' ; l' '\ ver - v desirable ♦
% New Sonus* M ■Qp ; ,^ v];A g^ s » sizes ;
» m /c • 7 < f; from 6t014 «
* Three new songs all of them charming. rW g , 7J^ yearS will be S
T are placed on sale for to-day only at [</ >i\\\ : ,-; IV<Jj" n„  ♦
J less than cn:-half regular prices. ' /V |7jranTn Cj 'B ° I ' rlda afc 5
* "On the Day That . Dewey Comes Home".. ! P^/iiiAu \V L^A the Very Spe " *
> • p %7C \ '^ | " ti\ * . '• J r*-^ cial price, each 41
* "Rosie Carey," Lee Johnson's beautiful \ j\ I 35c "*
* ballad '. 17c *
J "Remember She'd M? Sister," Lee J ''ti- ]J
* son's 'atest song 17g Another Attractive Friday Offering *
** Bal- Materials for Stylish <«
! week oi 'Groceries Neckwear. *
♦ These reduced prices hold good Un- 23.0 yards only — Accordion-plaited ♦
f /// dosing t, me Saturday night. Brilliant Liberty Silk, 19 inches wide, *
* makes charming millinery and dres3 *
* Soap— Emporium Savon, 1-lb bars, reg- trimming and neckwear— pink, blue, car- ♦
J ularlv 4c each— for 2 days ;dina', heliotrope, Nile and other good J
& ••■•••• *» lor 25c colors — a splendid 50c yard value — *pc- ~»
J Mushrooms-F. he Court's Is, c a l to-day only .'. 33c I
• . r eu!ar;y 2or tin— for 17c J
? Catsup— Golden Rule Brand, pints, 1 , 2,
» regularly 20c — for 15c ,-  ...... „ ... , . ,*
X Candles -10-oz— while lasts.. Friday, While Qiunhtv Lasts, J
♦ • 12 for We odd ***-*•-.*. ♦
♦ Coffee— Emporium Mocha and Java, £Q f r M&GZGb®m ♦
♦ there is none better, regularly 3?c lb . -. ♦
♦ f0r..., " ; ....30c We have 25 Icecream Freezers of well- ♦
♦ Sapo'iio—' ihe'6\'ihe\iab]&-''.'.'. i known makes— Peerless, White Mountain, ♦
J 4L for 25c Z^ro, Arctic and Lightning — in various *
% Table Apricots, Pears and sizes;— an odd lot wh eh we offer to-day *
T Plums Per can .'. jUg at a liberal reduction in price to close out.
» Assorted Cocktails— Quart hot- Ten 2-quart $1.60 Freezers at. ..$1.33 *
* ties, regularly Sl.2s— for ©ffc One 4-quart $2.60 Freezsr at.... 52. 20 «
* Beer— Pabst Export, bottled at the Two 6-quart $2.45 Freezers at... 51.95 *
* Brewery— . One 6-quarr $2.50 Freezer at... .52.00 *
* Quarts, regularly $2.45— f0r... 52.1 5 One 6-quart $3.50 Freezer at.. ..52.50 J
? Pint*, regu $1.55— f0r. ...sl*4O Five 6-quart $3.50 Freezers at...52.85 +
I Whiskey— Old Crow, fu 1 quarts. Two 8-quart $4.25 Freezers at... 53.75 +
% regularly $1.35— f0r $1.00 One 10-quart $5.50 Freezer at... 54.55 *¥
** • A
WAS WEARY OF THE
BURDEN OF LIFE
MRS. ALMA LINDO SWALLOWS
"ROUGH ON RATS."
Deserted by Her Husband, the Un
fortunate Woman Strives Hard
to End Her Existence.
Mrs. Alma Undo was taken from a
lodging house at Til Stockton Btreet yes
terday afternoon by Officer I. A. Peshi n
and sent to the Receiving Hospital to be
treated for poisoning:, "the woman had
while in a despondent state brought
about by the desertion of her hu«sl md
Bwallowed a quantity of "rough on rats "
Fortunately the landlady, Mrs. Mary
Kelly, was present when she attempted
to end her existence and grabbed the l><>.<
of poison away from her. Fearing that
Mrs. Lindo might die she notified the of
ticer and he hurriedly sent the woman to
the hospital. After her sufferings had
been relieved the unfortunate woman and
her two-year-old baby were taken in
charge by the matron, who did every
thing in her power- to soothe the patient.
It was learned that Mrs. Lindo is the
wife of Lawrence Lindo, who is employed
at the Popular restaurant. The couple
had been living together for th>' n,i~;
three years, and as a result a child was
bom in the hospital in which she had
hoped to die. About a month ap<> •..••
were united and immediately atter the
marriage ceremony uindo lett her. The
desertion of her husband preyed on ber
.mind, and when she discovered letters
that disclosed her husband's infidelity sti«
decided to end her life. Finding: a" box
of poison in the house she prepar i to
die. tier actions aroused the suspicion of
Mrs. Kelly and she carefully watched her,
with the result that sht saved the
woman's life
Secretary McMurray of the SociPty fir
the Prevention of Cruelty to Children v ill
be notified to-day of the woman's condi- '
tion. and it is probable he will arrest Hie '
unkind husband for his cruel desertion.
Th^ mother, 'who is a neat and comely
looking woman, aroused the eympathj of
the hospital attendants when they heard
her sml story.
Mrs. I.indo says her husband earns a
good salary, and th<\v lived in compara
tive happiness until hi became acquainted
with a Mis. Tilmas, with whom, sht- says,
he is now living at 117 Leavenwqrth str>-<t
Since Lindo deserted hi* wife for Mrs.
Tilmas he has contributed only $;i ;| month
toward the support of his family.
The poor woman's excited the ,ive
ly sympathy of Matron Rose Kan. and
she sent a frtf-nd to interview Lindo The
latter w,ns found at the restaurant where
he is employed, and when remonstrate d
with for his heartless neglect f his wil !
and baby he terminated the interview
with a gruff "Go to — — . I know OIV busi
ness."
Mrs. Lindo sppnt the night at the Kf
ceiying Hospital, and to-day measured
will he taken to compel Lindo to make
adequate provision for his wife and child ;
Teamster Goes Insane.
C. A. Askins. a teamster, was arrested
at the St. Davld'.a House, on Howard
street, last night by Officers Reach and
Chase of the Southern station for threat
| enir.g to kill his wife. He was violently
insane, and it took four men to hold him
; until the officers arrived. Askins has
been acting queerly for some time, and
Wednesday he was taken into custody by
Officer MrNamara at the request of his
: wif«\ A night in the cell in th<» Insane
ward of the Receiving Hospital had a
! quitting effect on him and yesterday he
| was discharged, but soon developed more
violent symptoms than ever. He will
i probably he examined by the Insanity
; Commissioners to-day.
— • ♦ •
K. of R. B.s Annual Picnic
Delegates from Menlo Park, Sacramen
to, Oakland and other cities are expected
to attend the annual outing of the Knights
of the Red Branch Rifles, which is to be
held in San Jose on the ISth of thi* month.
The affair promises to be one of the finest
celebrations given by the well-known or
ganization in years. Tt is in honor of the
anniversary of Wolfe tone's birth, and
Irish nationalists will attend In large num
bers. An excellent hand has been en
gaged for the occasion. Nearly a dozen
special prizes will lie offered by the com
mittee for jig and reel dancing. The fol
lowing gentlemen have the outing in
charge: Captain T. J. Melllott, chairman;
Sergeant David Russell, secretary; Lieu
tenant M. Gaul. Sergeant James Smith.
T. P. Crowley. M. Casey, W. P. Hannon,
Thomas McDonough. B. J. Nolan. John
McCann, J. F. McArdle and John Murphy.
MDNYON'S INHALER
Is a Positive Cure for Catarrh
Asthma, Hay Fever and All
Throat and Lung Diseases.
CI/iI'P? OF aw in- ->.-^kjfer
t~.\\-\ \;ip'T ari> in
haled throuph the •$& _
mouth and emitted ■£$ *9 *-* We
from the nostrils, hay- "^&. tfi&i W
i ing cleansed and va- i^#^3^w».
- porized all the diseased ■ -TKst!?Vj(^
parts. A sense of re- 'Sw'@>4fL L\
lief la felt at once A ' /! •' IvT- J 'j\
•cure is certain. Doctors ', •.' fpd. '^t -A/*.
indorse it \ 41^ IPS**' ■ V^^
At all druggists' nr .-' 4± '^ rfK- 1 "^-^ '^"^
mailer} to any address. '•£ y.
Price $1. with every- — ~^ — "^5
thintf comf'Sete.
Write Prof. Munyon, 1506 Arch street. Phila-
delphia. Pa., for tree medical ' advice on any
disease. ■■ • ~
OOOOOOOOOOOC 0.0
% T *? palace: *■*'?%
°GRAI\!D» S °
Q SAN FHANCISCO. "
*T Connected by a cover°d' passaysway. **
O 1400 Poorn— 900 » ■. h =s;ith Afached. O
O All Under One biuiiagemeni. O
O. NOTE 7F.5 PRICES: . O
0 European Plan.*l.<H> per d«y and upward Q
0 American P;an.slJ.*H> per day .and upward ._
Correspondence Solicited. O
0 JOHN 0. KIBKFATBIOK. Kasagir. Q
OOOOGOOOOOOOOCOOOO
gI^'VITAUS
W /CSfek TH C NEW
htD.r. oian^a& *l 9 T6S rnrMny
tr-Br ioth y . «c-^ JQfa % rtlCnvlim
VITALIS ? > X. * QCSflcnv
FRIiUI I THEABOTt 30th Day. 3lk!!l UU ISI
; BESCI.TS. ItqiiidtlyininilyreninTe.lTervoanwK ImpoUner
, Nirhlly EmiMion*, Evil Dream. Wastinf Pi,«-« t!i »nd all efff c«
. of elf-ahu» or rxcm and indiscr-tion. Restore* I/-' ri ta ]j. r
j Power and Failini; Memory. Ward, .fl 1,,.,r.rv andCon.-.mpl
tiin. Cures whi-n all oth.ru fail. Insist on having. VIT\LIiS,
Ino ether. an he carried in the nil peckos. By mail *1 fl»
per pncVac. or six for «t5.00 wth a (tuar.ntee to Care or
I Kctiind the Money. Circular Fr.e Ad'ire's
CAM SIFT HUE CO., C 34 Dearborn St., Chlcn^o
Sold by Owl Dnis Co.. Baldwin Pharmacy,
W. J. Bryan (two stores). '"rant Drug Co., In
Oakland by Owl Drug Co.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
If a powerful aphrodislne and specific tonio
' for the sexual and urinary organs of both
eexes. and a great remedy for diseases of t!ii»
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative,
Invlgorator and Nervine. Sells on its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary'
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
322 Market Bti«et. 6. P.— (Send for Circular.*
t FAVOR
SCRIPTION
Sl for WEAK WOMEN.
J^SIISSk RUPTURE.
®£v\X/V^ JfiflQr L * ? K so MORE IRON"
mßßaßfej^Mr Hoops or Steel Springs.
H->sjH»yNC^S9^ Rupture retained with ease
■^»^TBv?<. :: - ! comfort, and thousands radl-
■ //HV cally CURED by DR. PIERCE' 3
%/S Magnetic Elastic Truss. Cl7C.'all at
> %f£y r office or write for New Pamphlet
• No 1.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
620 Market Ft.. oPP. Palace Hotel, San £'rancisco
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
For the cure of Gonorrhoea, Gleets. Stricture*
and analogous complaints of the Organs of
Generation. ■ ■<- .'-
Price $1 a bottle. For rale by rtrupsrists.
Wriilt's Indian Vegetable Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons
! who have used them for forty years to cur-*
SICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS. CONSTI-
PATION, Torpid Liver. Weak Stomach, Fit*.
pie* and purify too blood.
-
56
FRIDAY JUNE 9, 1809
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts., S. F
Telephone Main IS6B.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED PY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER "WEEK.
Slnffle Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mi.ll. Including Posta*e:
DAILY CALL (Including S>nday Call), one year H«.OO
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL ( Including Sunday Call). 3 months IJSO
DAILY CALL— By Single Mouth B."C
SUNDAY CALL One Year 1.50
WEEKLY CALL, One Year 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Rocm 188. World Building
C. CEO KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
NEW YORK NEWS STAND 3.
W.TJdorf-Aptor Hotel: A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Murray Kill Hotel. ■
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
CHICAGO NEWS STAND&
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay,
cpen until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
930 o'clock- 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
"olumbla- A X'-w Comedy.
Brand Opera House — "The Pirates of Pemance" and "I'Pag-
llaccl."
I Tr.heum— Vaudeville.
car — "Hamlet."
n Merry War." *
r.ia — "Cavalleria Rustioana" and ' TPagliacQl."
Z>x> and Free Theater— Vaudeville every after-
ir>d °ven:rg.
• a-Corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
. Mark-'t street, near Eighth— Bat
Manila Hay.
Sutro Baths— Swimming Races, etc
AUCTION SAXES.
By W W Butterfleld— Tall Day, at 11 o'el.x-k, Furniture,
• ■ v n street.
By Well*, Russell & Co —Thursday, June 29, at 10 v m.
. 1- : Fremoni streets,^".aning Mill Machinery.
AGRICULTURAL SCIENTISTS.
ONE i the events of the summer for which we
must make due and ample preparation is the
convention of representatives of American
lieges and experiment stations, which
mble in this city on July 5. The meeting
will bring to California many of the most eminent
agricultural scientists in the country, and their study
le rural industries of our State cannot fail to be
of great value not only to themselves but to us.
The days when agriculture consisted wholly in the
applicatioi •to the soil have long gone by. At
the present tin ther occupation of man engages
luch scientific research and experiment. Every
thing connected with rural industry has become more
or less a subject of keenest investigation. The soil
submitted to chemical analysis, and the na
ture lant is analyzed to determine what kind
iil ;- best adapted to it ai . ■•'..• fertilizers are
.red in particular localities to enable it to thrive.
From the ground up. therefore, to the highest accom
■nent in the cultivation cf trees and vines, the
whole scheme of agriculture has been revised and
reordered in the light of scie-
The member- of the Association of American Agri
cultural Colleges represent the highest skill the world
yet attained in the study of science as applied to
the cultivation of the soil. Much in the way of ex
tent and investigation has of course been carried
on in European countries, and great results have been
ned there, but in no other land has so much study
and such extensive experiment been made as in the
United State-. With us not only has every State its
ultural college and experimental farm, but our
farming population is more intelligent, more progres
than that of any other nation, and as a conse-
is now far in advance of the
re<t of the world.
The rural industries of California have been built
• y men from all States in the Union and from
nearly all nation?. We have learned something not
, the science of Germany and France, but
the patient toil of China and Japan. N'everthe
nains much to learn, and from the ob
servation- and criticisms of trained experts from all
the Union we may derive lessons which will
be of vast benefil to us, if we rightly heed them and
make use of them.
It is gratifying to learn that it is the intention of
iving in charge the reception of the coining
tors to show them something at least of all the
different sections of the State. They are to be enabled
to see how widely varied are the resources and rural
tries of California, and to have opportunities to
study our fruit districts, vine districts, wheat dis
tricts, suprar beet districts and grazing districts. To
. ';. prepare for such extensive visits it will
be to provide ample funds, and all
of the State where visits arc to be made
of course be expected to assist in providing
them. To raise the required fund is now the imme
diate duty of all who are interested in our rural in
dustry and in our reputation for hospitality, and the
duty should be responded to with promptness and
with liberality.
After all the Democratic feasts and powwows not a
single idea has been put forward to point out how
harmony can be arranged between the warring fac
tions. There has been wind enough and to spare at
every meeting, but not a straw to show the way it
b'.ows.
The small boy with the toy pistol is the evangel of
the newspaper announcement. "Didn't Know ft Was
Loaded." Twenty-six of him have been disarmed re
cently by the police of this city, and a nervous public
breathes once more.
The death of Supervisor Aver makes a big vacancy
in the government of Santa Clara County, but it is
«afe to say that in appointing a successor Governor
( iHRe can be relied upon to make a blunder big
enough to fill it.
Paris should consult some authority on nerves.
With its Dreyfus, Marchand and a dozen other nerve
t xcitcrs the great city seems to be bearing the burden
of a serious siege of national hysteria.
The Chinese and the Germans, the Japanese and
the Russians, have clashed in deadly conflict. The
time is opportune for the Czar to suggest a few more
ideas for his peace conference.
CORPORATE AGGRESSIONS CHECKED.
IN The Call of May 26. 1899, attention was directed
to the decision of the Supreme Court of the United
States in the case of the San Diego Land and
Town Company vs. National City and others, in
which a decree of Judge Ross in the Circuit Court of
the United States at Los Angeles had been affirmed.
It was then pointed out that both in the lower
and in the higher courts the rights of municipalities
as against corporations that furnished water or
other public utilities had been trenchantly enforced,
and that the rule established by the decision covered
the pretension of the railroad in the grain rate case
!to the effect that practically the Federal tr'rbunal
I would usurp the functions of the Railroad Commis-
I sion and determine what reasonable and just freight
and passenger charges ought to be.
Feeling the pinching effect of the latest expression
from the highest source on this important question,
railroad organs have industriously sought to misrep
resent the opinion, written by Mr. Justice Harlan, in
the case to which we have referred, as in other re
! spects they have dishonestly endeavored to attribute
jtc Judge Morrow opinions which, if he entertains
them, he has never expressed. It is a common rail
road trick to pretend that in some respect the law has
been declared in conformity with its aggressive at
tacks upon the public or to minimize the influence of
a hostile ruling by assuming that it is merely the ex
| pression of some doctrine from which there has been
no dissent. For example, even the railroad would
concede, as an abstract proposition, that the limit of
: judicial interference with rates established by State
I authority is to ascertain whether they are reasonable
; and just. But, in the practical application of the
I proposition its constant effort for years has been to
: induce the Federal courts to hold and to assume that
i they had held, not that they would look into a record
I merely to see whether a Railroad Commission had
■ exercised some intelligent discretion and had not ar-
I bitrarily formulated rates that were obviously unfair,
i but that, in the performance of this duty, they would
i virtually base their conclusions upon their own judg- i
1 ment of the facts.
The full text of the opinion of the Supreme Court
of the United States is more drastic than the tele
graphic synopsis had indicated. It is unusually full,
concise and explicit. It reviews and clarifies former de
; cisions in respect to freights and fares that had been
misinterpreted, and, citing the case of Spring Valley
Water Works vs. San Francisco ($2 California
Reports, 286-315), holds that no State constitu
tion or State law which requires the exercise
1 of discretion and judgment in fixing water or railroad
; rates can be impugned as violating the Federal con
stitution, and that before action of this character can
be successfully assailed, in the language of our own
Supreme Court: "There must be actual fraud in fix
ing the rates or they must be so palpably and grossly
unreasonable and unjust as to amount to the same
thing." In other words, whether the judgment of a
board in establishing rates for corporations exercis
ing franchises derived from the public be regarded as
judicial, legislative or administrative, or as a mixture
of the three classes of powers, it can only be ques
tioned when its'effect is confiscation. '"Judicial inter
ference should never occur unless the case presents,
clearly and beyond all doubt, such a flagrant attack
upon the rights of property under the guise of regu
lations as to compel the courts to say that the rates
prescribed will necessarily have the effect to deny !
just compensation for private property taken for the
public use." And. in words that are exceptionally
pertinent and important in this State and in this
municipality, the court adds: "But the rights of the
public would be ignored if rates for the transportation
of persons or property on a railroad are exacted with
out reference to the FAIR value of the property
used for the public or the FAIR value of the ser
vices rendered, but in order simply that the corporation
may meet operating expenses, pay the interest o.n its
obligations and declare a dividend to stockholders.
IF A RAILROAD CORPORATION HAS
I BONDED ITS PROPERTY FOR AN AMOUNT
THAT EXCEEDS ITS FAIR VALUE, OR IF ITS
CAPITALIZATION IS LARGELY FICTITIOUS,
IT MAY NOT IMPOSE UPON THE PUBLIC
THE BURDEN OF SUCH INCREASED RATES
AS MAY BE REQUIRED FOR THE PURPOSE
OF REALIZING PROFITS UPON SUCH EX
CESSIVE VALUATION OR FICTITIOUS CAP
ITALIZATION." These propositions are em-,
phasized and summarized in the declaration: "What
the company is entitled to demand 1 in order that it
have just compensation is a FAIR return upon
the reasonable value of the property AT THE TIME
IT IS BEING USED FOR THE PUBLIC." ■
These extracts, sustained by the most irrefragable
argument and by numerous authorities, practically
settle the main issues between the railroad and the
State and between the municipality and the water and
gas monopolies. If the temporarily suppressed ques
tions in the grain rate case are revived, as they un
questionably will be when Railroad Commissioners
Blackstock and Laumeister are superseded by repre
sentatives of the people, Mr. Huntington will ascer
tain that his grip upon productive industry has been
relaxed.
A WAIL FROM PORTO RICO.
OUR colonial responsibilities are like misfor
tunes in one respect at least; they have hot
come singly. While our attention is mainly
directed to the righting Filipinos we are now and then
called upon to give some heed to the discontents in
Cuba, the demand of Hawaii for a permanent form
of government and cry of the people of Porto Rico
for what they call justice.
The Filipino and the Cuban desire independence.
The one is fighting for it and the other is waiting
patiently for us to give it to him. The Hawaiian
desires to have the immigration question settled so
that he may know whether to import more coolies or
to set about the task of deluding white men to come
to his plantation. The Porto Rican asks neither for
independence nor a solution of a labor problem. He
asks only to be recognized as an American citizen.
In a recent statement of the situation in the island
the Porto Rican commissioners at Washington said:
"The people are rot governed by the laws of the
United States, but are under the sword of a military
governor, whose dictum is absolute and without ap
peal. The islanders are denied the rights of citizen
ship, and having broken with Spain and not yet being
recognized as citizens of the United States are a peo
ple without a country. Even the Spaniards on the
island have more rights and privileges. They can take
out papers and become American citizens, a privilege
not accorded to the Porto Ricans. Instead of abso
lute free trade between the United States and Porto
Rico, as on interstate and interterritorial principles, a
high tariff is kept up, unlawfully and without mercy,
impoverishing the island, for when the customs are
paid all the profit? are gone."
The imperialist who holds the most despotic view
of our right to govern our subjects as we please can
hardly deny the justice of the Porto Rican claim.
Military rule is objectionable even to the people of
I the old world, and why should we impose it upon a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 9, 1899.
people of this hemisphere? The Porto Ricans have
done us no wrong. They have shown themselves
willing to accept our government loyally and are
eager to be identified with us. They ask of us nothing
except fair trade and a government less arbitrary
than that of a barrack yard. We cannot deny such
claims without denying the principles of the consti
tution and of the Declaration of Independence, and
it is certainly not worth our while to deny so much
for the sake of imposing a tyranny upon a friendly
island.
The evil is likely to become even greater than at
present. As the commissioners have asserted, the
people of the island hailed the advent of their deliv
erers from the Spanish yoke with joy and gratitude,
but they now feel deeply aggrieved and enraged at the
manner in which the Government has abused their
rights and privileges, and are ready to adopt any
means whatsoever for self-protection and the ame
lioration of their condition, even to a claim for abso
lute independence.
Such is the situation. We can overrun and conquer
the Porto Ricans, of course, but such conquest would
entail upon Us another petty war with guerrillas, in
which we would be forced to carry fire and the sword
where we ought to carry the plow, the schoolbook
and the Bible. Already we have learned that impe
rialism has its dark side, and now we see it has a
tendency to go from bad to worse.
CONDITIONAL IMPERIALISM.
THERE are a few conditions under which The
Call, which has always stood by the navy, the j
army and the flag, would abandon its loyalty to j
< the American Government, cease to be Republican j
| and convert itself into a vigorous advocate of for- j
! cible expansion wherever our national power could j
; reach.
These conditions are definite and intelligible.
Some imperialistic lawyer must discover consti
| tutional objections to the Declaration of Indepen- j
; dence and secure a favorable decision by an American j
; court of the highest jurisdiction. He must also ob- ;
: tain a judicial determination that sedition consists of j
rigid adherence to American institutions. Some !
i authoritative teacher of the moral code must collate '
the scriptural texts, especially in the New Testament. ;
! that enforce upon civilized nations the duty of pound- ■
I ing the principles of fraternity into unwilling and re- ,
; sisting barbarians. Some astute statesman must ;
demonstrate the necessity of establishing the suprem- j
acy of military power both at home and abroad and j
of coercing rebellious "subjects" of alien races, who;
i assert their own individuality and decline to acknowl
' edge the fact that the Almighty denied them the per- !
; rp.anent occupancy of their native soil and the right of ;
• self-government but granted them a temporary pos
session for a few thousand years until a republic had '
been specially erected to purchase and enforce their
; allegiance. Some accredited historian must recon- j
; struct the history of Rome and prove that the Roman '
! republic was perpetuated by imperial colonization.
Some invincible philosopher must demonstrate the
j absurdity of governmental systems that accept man as >
J a political entity or treat him as an individualized in- !
| teger in civilization. Some learned apologist must j
j successfully explain to Great Britain our deep regret
i that our predecessors denied her authority or claimed
, that taxation and representation were correlative or
' that the thirteen colonies had any rights, provisional
'■■ or inalienable, that the House of Brunswick was
bound to respect. Some modern biographer must
rewrite the lives of Washington, Jefferson, Adams, ;
, Madison and /Other deluded founders and expositors \
I of. our institutions and clarify the mystery of their
failure to realize their own imbecility. Some com
prehensive jurist must show that our Civil War had
no connection with the constitution and the Federal
Union, but was an anticipatory development of a
policy of subjugation. Some original Republican j
j must correct our political records by conclusive proof
that, before, during and after the Civil War, Repub- !
lican platforms were shams, that the constitutional j
| amendment abolishing slavery was a series of typo- j
j graphical errors and that the later amendments were
i spurious interpolations. Some preserved filibuster i
| must justify the attempted invasions of Nicaragua
and of Cuba by official authorization from the Gov- ;
; ernment archives. Every strictly American expres-
I sion in favor of liberty and independence, under con- :
j stitutional safeguards, must be expurgated from the
I works of Webster, Clay, Calhoun, Benton, Douglas
j-and the host of Federal Senators who led down to
i Dan Burns. Every decision of American tribunals, ;
I every declaration of the law, fundamental or derived, ■
, by institutional or constitutional writers, n,ot based
! upon an imperialistic precedent or direction, must be
j eliminated. The messages and other state papers of
! our Presidents, from Washington to McKinley, the i
I opinions of our Attorney Generals, the diplomatic i
j utterances of the Department of State and of our
! representatives in foreign parts, must be destroyed, as
any attempt to harmonize any part of them with the
doctrines of the expansionists would be futile. The
American common school system and all American ;
| textbooks of a historical impression, together with the
I entire mass of colonial and national annals, must be
obliterated. Our national anniversary, with all its
memories and all its associations, must finally be dis
carded. Columbia must assume the costume' and wear
the tiara of an Empress and Uncle Sam must be ar- i
rayed in the uniform of a Czar.
When all these transformations have been effected, |
our associated commonwealths and our national
Union recast in the moid of British imperialism, and
the metamorphosis accepted by seventy millions of
Americans, with their own sovereignty yielded and i
with their own training, their own character and their j
own ideals revolutionized; when the American eagle
has made a new eyrie on the peaks of other and dis- j
tant lands; when the Atlantic and the Pacific beat j
J a perpetual dirge on the shores of a flead continental
j republic and the genius of humanity vainly searches
for its lost inheritance — then, but not before then,
The Call will join the ranks of the intolerant ex
pansionists and confess that the American experiment
is ended.
When that concatenation of events is perfected Mr. j
Iluntington will be apotheosized as a statesman, a
patriot and a philanthropist, and Governor Gage and
Dan Burns will have herded the American people into i
the paradise over which these heavenly twins affec
tionately preside.
It is* announced that a recent trip to Los Angeles |
had the startling effect of changing the opinions of ;
Governor Gage on the political situation. There may
be some consolation in the fact that his Excellency's ;
j opinions could not change for the worse.
There is such a thing as an "Ohio Valley Bimetal- !
lip League," and since it has recently acted as if it
were the whole people of the United States, there
can be no doubt that it really represents a portion at
least of Ohio sentiment.
Recent events show that Paris can no longer wag
France as it could in former times. The republic has
become bigger than the capital, and the boulevards
can no longer cause a revolution without consulting
. the provinces.
SURGEON GENERAL
STERNBERG WILL
VISIT THIS CITY
Colonel Forwood Pre
paring for Him.
MEDICAL OFFICERS EXCITED
— _^ —
MAJOR GIRARD FOR THE NEW
HOSPITAL.
♦
The First California Will Arrive by
the Ist pf August and Probably
Sooner — Second Oregon
Starts Monday.
— •♦ —
The approaching arrival of Brigadier
General George M. Sternberg. surgeon
general of the army, has caused a flurry
of excitement and anticipation among the
medical officers of this department. Col
or el William H. Fo'rwood, chief surg i
of the department, has begun to issue or
ders right and left and the surgeons and
assistant surgeons are kept on the jump
getting everything in ship-shape order
for the arrival of the surgeon general.
Colonel Forwood is determined that his
superior shall find the affairs of his de
partment up to date.
General Sternberg. with his wife, is ex
pected here two weeks from next Sunday.
He is combining business and pleasure
upon his trip and will be here some little
time. The medical affairs of this depart
ment have assumed such magnitude that
General Sternberg. who is noted for the
persona] care he gives to all matters per
taining to his department of the army,
has decided to come here in order to have
a look at things for Himself.
The new general hospital at the Presidio
is to be turned over to the medical depart
ment on July i, and General Sternberg will
be here and make an inspection of the
buildings before the medical officers take
charge. Major Alfred C. Girard has been
selected to have charge of the new hospi
tal. He is an officer of long experience i
and has a brilliant record as a surgeon.
During the recent war he was a lieutenant
colonel of volunteers, and was the chief
surgeon in charge of Camps Alger and
Meade. Major Matthews, who has been!
ir. command of the general hospital at the •
Presidio, will no doubt be under Major
Girard at the new hospital. General Stern
berg will make an inspection of the post
hospital at the Presidio and also the old .
general hosppital, and he will in all prob- i
ability visit the other posts in the depart
ment for .the purpose oi inspecting the va
rious hospitals. General Sternberg left I
Washington last Monday, and it is hi 3 in
tention to stop over at a number of the
army posts before arriving here.
Major Matthews, who was summoned |
Kast on Monday to appear as a witness in :
f. case, is expected back in a week. Dur
ing his absence Captain Shaw, assistant
surgeon, is in command of the general
hospital at the Presidio.
The instructions received by Thomas J.
Ford, superintendent of mails at the main
office in this city, from the Postmaster
General that airmail for the California.,
Oregon and Nebraska regiments, be held
here has again started speculation as to
when the First will reach San Francisco.
The officers at department headquarters
know nothing beyond the dispatches re
ceived from Waship.von, but it is now !
certain that the California will not be the ■
first rf-giment to leave the Philippines, al- i
though it was promised that the regi
ments were to be returned in the order in
which they left. The Second Oregon will
sail for Portland on Monday and will be
followed by the First Nebraska, which
regiment did not leav3 Camp Merritt until
the First California had landed at Manila.
This, ii is said, is not a broach of faith
v.pon the part of the War Department, but
by force of circumstances it is impossible I
tot the California boys to be the first to
leave. The Californians are at Negros.
and they cannot relinquish that post until j
they are relieved by the Sixteenth Infan- !
try some time next week. Judging from I
this, the First should get away from Ma
tfla certainly by the last of this month,
which will bring thr-m home by the rirst
of August. Some of the officers are in
clined to think that the First California
may arrive here by the middle of July
but hardly before that. If they should
get away by that time it will take a
month for the voyage, so that at the !
earliest calculation tlie men of the regi
ment can not be mustered out before the
middle of September, and it may be the
last of that month before they again don
the garb of citizens.
Major General Shafter, who has been at
Bakersfield for the past few days, will be
at department headquarters again to-day.
He is expected to reach the city at "9
o'clock this morning.
Leave of absence for one month, with
permission to go beyond the limits of this
department and to apply for an. extension
of one month, has been granted Fir;;
Lieutenant John C. F..x, First South Da
kota Volunteer Infantry.
Private Otto S. Erlebach, Company G
First California, and Private George
Gourlay. Company I, First Colorado, who
are at the general hospital at the Presidio,
have been ordered sent to their respective
homes to await the rinal disposition of
their cases by the War Department.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
THE PRESIDENCY-Old Subscriber,
| City. A man born in the United States of
Irifh parents Js. when he attains the
proper age, eligible for the office of Pres
ident of the United States.
IN THE DEPARTMENT— B. R. V,'.,
San Jose, Cal. As your letter of inquiry
does not state In what department you ]
desire to seek a position, this department i
is unable to direct you.
CENSUS MARSHALS— G. A. 8., Oak
', land. Cal. The instructions to Census
j Marshals for ISOO have not yet been is
sued. When they are they "will appear
in the news columns of The Call.
POSTOFFICE EXAMINATION— & M.
W., Oakland. Cal. The time for the next
; postofflce examination has not yet been
announced. Due notice of the time and
place will be given to all who have filed
; applications.
A HALF-DOLLAR— A. S. City. The
I selling price of a half-dollar of the coin
-1 age of 1532 is 75 cents to $1 for one with
■ small letters in the legend and from $2 50
; to $3 50 for one with large letters in the
I legend. Dealers do n.ot purchase such
I coins.
LEATHER HOUSES— A Subscriber.
i City. As this department does not ad
! vertise any business firms it cannot tell
; you the names of firms that buy leather.
You should have accompanied your letter
of inquiry with a self-addressed and
stamped envelope.
CREDENTIALS'— Subscriber, City. The
credentials of applicants for the position
of quartermaster rigger that were filed
! at the Mare Island Navy-yard can be oh- !
tamed by application at the office of the
recorder of the board of labor employ
ment on the inland.
CHICKEN RANCH— W. R. S.. Oakland;
Cal. To ascertain where in California
there is unclaimed United States land
suitable for a chicken ranch, you should
communicate with the several land offices
i of the State and each will inform you
where there is unclaimed land. You
1 would probably have to visit the different
Bites to ascertain for yourself if such
would suit your purpose.
I. H. S.-M. V. C, Chico, Cal. IHS
was originally a combination of the first
two and the last Greek letters of the
Greek word Jesus, but its origin was lost
sight of and the Latin letter S was sub
stituted for the Greek final and became
I. H. S.. and a Latin word was found for
I each letter. Hence lesus Hominum Sal
' vator, Jesus the Saviour of Men. For*
merly It was customary to put the ab
breviation mark over the three letters
This mark wa3 afterward altered into
a cross over the middle letter, the foot
resting on the bar of that letter as it
, now appears in Catholic publications and
on altar cloths. In this' form it forms
i the In hac salis, meaning In this (cross)
| saivation.
SEAMEN SCORE
VICTORY OVER
SHIPMASTERS
Captain Nelson Takes
Union Men.
THEY WILL MAN ALL HIS SHIPS
A HARD BLOW FOR THE SHIP
OWNERS' ASSOCIATION.
Twenty-Seven Sailing Vessels and
Five Steamers Fly the House
Flag of the Wealthy
Lumber Dealers.
The Seamen's Union of the Pacific has
won a great victory over the Shipowners'
Association. It has brought over to its
side one of the association's vice presi
dents and strongest supporters and there
is in consequence jubilation in the union
camp. This latest addition to the em
ployers of union labor owns twenty->> v< a
sidling- vessels and five steamers, so there
ia good cause for the joy felt by the mem
bers of the Seamen's Union.
The schooner Metha Nelson sailed for
Tacoma last Wednesday. She went into
commission in 1896, and last Wednesday
was the first time in her history that she
sailed with a full union crew. At dif
) ferent times union men have formed part
of her crew, but on this occasion the
men were secured 'in a body from the
| union shipping office. The owner of the
! Metha Nelson is Captain Charles Nelson,
i the well-known shipowner and lumber
dealer. He owns the steamers Centen
nial, Charles Nelson, Cleveland, Laknn>
and North Fork and about twenty-live
sailing vessels, among which are the
barks Colusa, John C. Potter and Edward
May and schooners Olga, Ottillie Fjord,
Mary Buhne and Mary Dodge. Ail "if
i these vessels will now, according to the
: union, be manned with sailors supplied
■ from its shipping office.
When the Coast Seamen's Union was at
I the height of. its power on the coast it
made a demand for an increase in wages
> that made the shipowners fight back, the
rt-sult being the Shipowners' Association.
1 This was composed of nearly all the big
; employers of seamen on the coast— A. M.
t Simpson. Charles Nelson and "W . B.
i Mighell being at its head. This combina- '
I tion struck a blow at the Sailors' Union '
from which it has never recovered. The
shipowners from that day regulated 1
j wages and the sailor had to take what j
\ was offered. The owners were invaria- '
; bly fair in the matter, advancing wages*
I in the spring and summer when busi
\ ness was good and cutting them down i
i when business dropped off and freights
| were low.
I About two months ago another fight be
gan. At that time The Call gave exelu
| sively both sides of the case. The ship
owners made an advance in wages which
the union did not think was fair and
equitable. Men were scarce and frietrhis
were advancing every day, and the saii
ors demanded $5 a month more than the
| shipowners were willing to pay. From
: That time on there has been more or less
: friction and not one of the Shipowners'
Association vessels have got away on
time. Some of them have been held two
I days and some a week In the stream
1 awaiting a crew and the expense v.
i consequence very heavy.
The fight has been a very bitter one
! and at times it looked as though the un
; ion would surely be beaten again. Si
i times its members resorted to violence
• and a number of arrests were madt-, but
the great body of the men stuck to the
; preventing of association vessels from
getting crews, und in this they were in
a measure successful.
The trouble with the Shipowners' As
j soeiation is that it cannot secure sailors.
i So far it has been able to man all the
I vessels belonging to its members, but in
| order to do so valuable ttme has
I wasted, and then half the men were
i "green hands" who had never been to
; sea before. It is no wonder, then that
! one of the owners has decided to kick
! over the traces and take Onion men.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
E. P. Colgan. Controller of the Star.-.
is down from Sacramento.
W. R. Caruthers. a prominent merchant
of Santa Rosa, is pending a few days in
this city.
i Colonel Jeff Doolittle returned last even- i
' ing- after a trip to his mining properties
at Dutch Flat.
P.R.Schmidt, a well-known wine-grower
of Calistoga, was among yesterday's ar
| rivals at the Lick.
Colonel J. C. Kirkpatrick. manager of
the Sharon estate, returned to the Palace
last evening after a month's trip through
the East.
J. D. Johnson and wife of Fresno are
registered at the Lick. Mr. Johnson is :
one of the foremost attorneys of the raisin
town and is a frequent visitor to this city.
Dr. and Mrs. J. P. "Waterhouse, Miss
Alice and Miss H. S. Waterhouse of Cm- i
cinnati, Ohio, arrived on the overland
I last evening and are guests at the Cali
fornia.
Dr. Taggert, a well-known physician of
Bakersneld. returned yesterday after a
trip through Alaska, He la resting at the
' Grand for a few days before resuming his
' journey south.
Mrs. Charles R. Ford and son Mortimer
! leave this morning for Salt Lake City. Mr.
: Ford recently left the service of the South
ern Pacific Company to act as accountant
for the Highland Boy Gold Mining Com
pany at Salt Lake City.
W. H. Veith. a Fresno vineyardist, is
registered at the Grand. Mr. Veith says
\ that Fresno raisins were not greatly hurt
i by the recent showers, but that they have
I suffered in some sections by a heavy frost
that swept the valley a few days ago.
j Among yesterday's arrivals at the Lick
] were C. W. Boss and wife aaid Miss Mi
j randa Boss of Cincinnati, Ohio. Mr. Boss,
i who is a wealthy brewer, is touring the
! West and will take in the Toscmite and
I Del Monte before returning home.
Ex-State Senator Voorheis of Sutter
! Creek is stopping at the Palace. Mr. Voor
i heis is now the owner of some of the most
promising mines in Amador County, and
' is said to be one of the syndicate which
, yesterday purchased at auction the Bun
ker Hill and Mayflower mines, in Amador
I County, for $30,500.
E. S. Birdsall and wife of Sacramento
are at the Palace. Mr. and Mrs. Birdsall
i were married in Sacramento on Wednes
day and the wedding was one of the
i swellest social functions the capital has
seen this season. They will leave to-day
for Coronado, where the honeymoon will
be spent-
Oakes Ames and wife of Easton, Mass.,
and H. L. Chatman and wife of Beverly,
Mass., arrived last evening and are regls-
J tered at the Palace. Mr. Ames is a mii
j lionaire manufacturer of farming imple
| ments and one of the largest owners in
| the Union Pacific Railroad. The party
I will tour the State extensively before re
j turning East.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, June S.— S. E. Bel
fridge of San Francisco is at the EbMtt
House; G. D. Clark of San Francisco Is at
the Normandie; Walter C. Kerling of Los
Angeles is at the Willards. V :
. ♦ ■
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, June B.— Walter J. Barnell
and family of San Francisco are at the
Imperial; Edward Campbell of San Jose
is at the Manhattan.
vJertrude Atiierton's new story,
"Cupid the Golden," will be in next
Sunday's Call.
A NEW LICENSE
COLLECTOR WILL
BE NOMINATED
Fred Lees Slated for
the Place.
MEETING CALLED FOR TO-DAY
MANY ASPIRANTS FOR THIS
POSITION.
AuditGr Wells and Treasurer Truman
Are Agreed — The Patronage
of the Office Will Be
Divided.
At neon to-day Mayor Phelan, Auditor
Wells and Treasurer Truman will meet
and nominate Frederick W. Lees for the
position of License Collector, to succeed
Theodore F. Bonnet, the incumbent,
whose term has expired. Lees will receive
the votes of Wells and Truman, the Re
publican members of the commission.
Mayor Phelan will vote for Bonnet.
There are many candidates for the posi
tion, the list including the names of Lees,
James, W. Easton, P. Tiffany, Oscar
Tolie, John Martin and Mr. Doane, late
of the firm of Doane & Henshelwood. All
have brought more or less pressure to
bear on the Republican members of the
commission, and some have even received
assurances that their names would be fa
vorably considered. Lees, however, has
the indorsement of the Republican organ
ization and yesterday was given to under
stand that he would receive the votes nec
essary to secure the nomination. He in
return has given a pledge that he will not
levy tribute upon any of the attaches of
the office in the event that his nomination
is confirmed by the Board of Supervisors.
It is said that Lees has received assur
ances from ten members of the board that
his nomination will be Confirmed. In re
turn for this each member is to be given
one place in the License Collector's of
fice. The balance of the patronage, which
consists of twenty-six places, will be di
vided between Auditor Wells. Treasurer
Truman and the Republican organization.
Wells and Truman will get four places
each, leaving eight places to be filled by
those who direct the local affairs of the
party.
COMPANIONS OF THE
FOREST OF AMERICA
Labors of the Grand Circle Come to
a Close — Grahd Body Will Not
Disband — New Officers.
The labors of the Grand Circle of the
: Companions of the Forest of America
; were brought to a close last evening.
During the forenoon the time of the
delegates was taken up until rectss by the
" discussion of a proposition to disband the
Grand Circle and place the membership
; under the jurisdiction of the Supreme Cir
, cle, and when the vote was taken there
: was only one in the affirmative and the
1 balance of the delegation was in the neg
: ative.
A number of minor amendments were
adopted, and then a special resolution
thanking the San Francisco Call for publi
. cation of the news ■: the order and of the
Grand Circle was adopted by a unanimous
i vote.
In the afternoon the following were
| elected grand officers and subsequently
installed by Past Grand Chief Companion
Mrs. Emma Harrington, assisted by
I Chief Mrs. M. A. Duke:" Mr.--.
Flora Jacobs of San Francisco, grand
: chief companion; Mrs. C. \V. Agg
Merced, sub-chief companion; Miss Alice
Tlcoulet of San Francisco, treasurer; A.
M. Martin of Watsonvllle, marshal; Miss
Agnes D. Bremer of Alameda, financial
secretary; Mrs. Lizzie Atwood, recording
secretary; Miss Mac Bailey of San Fran
cisco, right guide; Miss Josephine Aust of
San Dit_-fro. left guide: Mis.* Jennie Wor
kura of Santa Barbara, inside guard; Mrs.
M. Melehan of Petaluma, outside guard;
Mrs. Donallen of San Francisco, Organ
ist; Mrs. J. W. Shaffer of Kern City, Mrs.
R. Kemp Van Eec of San Francisco and
Mrs. A. Davis of Oakland, trustees.
Oakland was chosen as the next place
of meeting.
On behalf of the memheTS of the con
vention of ISP9 Mrs. L. Atwood, the presi
dent thereof, was, by John J. Cordy. grand
secretary of the F' ulsters of America,
presented a gold chain as a token of their
• her services in thai posi
tion for three consecutive years.
In the evening then' was a banquet in a
town dining hall, where all the new
officers, past officers of the Grand Circle
and the delegates were present. A good
menu was served, and upon the call of
John J. Cordy, the toastmaster. there were
to the following toasts: "Cali
. the Birthplace of the Companions
of the Forest." H. c>hn: "S. S. a:
'•■tto of the Order." Ira \Y. Coburn;
"The Workers of the Order," Mrs. 1.. At
wood; "The Press." J. Label of the For
ester Review; "The ■ f '99."
Mrs. M. A. Duke; "The Grand Circle."
Mrs. Flora Jacobs, grand chief compan
ion: "Our New '",*■.: ■ " Miss A.
D. Bremer; '"The Gentlemen Companions."
Mrs. E. A. Carah.
Desecrated a Grave.
Judge Seawell entered judgment yester
day morning in favor of Justin Dauvil
liers, who was sued by E. Bianchi for
damages for injured feelings and reputa
tion. Bianchj was Dauvilliers' creditor,
and one day the latter stuck a card over
the grave of the parents of Bianchi ask
insr him to pay his bill and oblige the
writer. In giving Judgment for the de
fendant Judge SeaweU said that he sym
pathized heartily with the plaintiff, but
as there was no law to sustain the prayer
of plaintiff's complaint judgment must" be
entered for the defendant.
Substitute Letter Carriers.
The following: named persons have been
appointed ' additional letter-carriers by
Posmaster Montague: George Schnepple,
George F. Code, John E. Lower and Clay
B. Ammerman.
■ ♦ ■
Cal. glace fruit 50c per Ib at Townsend's. #
» m ■
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (.Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telepuone Main 1042. •
Whipped His Mother
Alfred c.unw . a young colored man liv
ing on BroacLwaj and Hyde Btreet, was
asked by his mother Wednesday for a
portion of his wages, and he had the
audacity to whip her. Her oldt ;
Richard came upon the scene and would
have demolished Alfred If a policeman
had not interfered. Yesterday Richard
procured a warrant for the arrest or' hia
brother for battery upon his mother.
•Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup
Has been usea lor nny years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect ' success-. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For eale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup, 25c a bottle. -
• ♦ .
Rock xsiand Route Excursions.
Leave San Francisco every Wednesday, via
Rio Grande and Rock Island railways. Through
tourist sleeping cars to Chicago and Boston.
Manager and. porter accompany these excur
sions through to Boston. For tickets, sleeping
car accommodations and further information
address CLINTON JONES, General Agent
Rock Island Railway. «21 Market St.. S. F.
■ ♦ ■
The Rio Grande \Vestern Railway
Take pleasure in announcing the inauguration
; June 1, 1599, of a complete dining-car service
i between Ogden and Denver on all transconti
j nental trains. Service a la carte. General o*
■ lice, 14 Montgomery st.
~m~
HOTEL DEL COKO.N ADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, . including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay, 52 50 per day.. Apply at 4
New Montgomery street, San Fra.ne;s.ct<.BEN BOLT WINS
FROM OLYMPUS
AT UNION PARK
Successful Midweek
Coursing.
NO LONGER AN EXPERIMENT
HIGH CLASS SPORT SHOWN
THROUGHOUT THE DAY.
Dogs Run True to Form, the Fav
orites Winning With But Tew
Exceptions — A One to
Four Shot.
♦
Like a pair of gray ghosts Ben Bolt and ;
Olympus seemed to fly over the field at
Union Coursing Park last evening in the
final of the experimental reserve stake.
Ben Bolt, which won, was an almost pro- i
hlbltive favorite throughout at odds of 4
to 1. The covirse was a punishing one, the j
hare twisting and turning until it finally ;
reached the escape which meant another
y tso of .fe.
4 For one brief moment during the run
' :;ing of the final the hopes of the short- i
< nders were raised as they saw the fa- !
vorite snap at the hare and, missing, roll j
over and over. He shook himself together
and was soon In the running again, se
curing the flag finally by a saie margin.
The coursing yesterday was an experi- I
mrnt and proved a marked success. The j
attendance was large and the betting >
steady throughout the day. The favorites i
ran true to form, there Ing compara- i
lively few upsets. Among i hose that lost
were: Mission Tip to White Chief, 2 to 1;
Miss Skyrocket to nummer, 4 to 1. This j
was the iirst time Hummer ever showed i
well and indicates she is rounding into I
form. Ski. a 2 to 1 favorite, lost to Lamp- I
lighter; White Tip, 5 to 3, lost to Cam- ;
pania: Wheel of Fortune. 2 to 1, lost to
One Spot. Sweet Lips won a splendid
course from Mountain Beauty, the 2 to 1 j
favorite. The detailed results follow:
Experimental reserve stake— F. A. McComb's !
One Spot beat J. H. Smith's Merced; F. A
McComb's Little Juker beat E. Bauerrneister's |
Winning Ways; George Lahusen's Wheel of j
Fortune beat George H. Burfelnd's Pastime: F.
Priced Madge Wildfire beat A. F. Moore's
Ijecency; J. Jones' Galivant beat Kay & .
Tram's Kil'.arney Lass; Hurley & Rile: Ex- j
peuse beat J. McCormtck's White Lily; Court- ,
r.ey & Here's Douglas beat Lord ft Herbsts !
Kerry Gow; J. Byrne' ■ Olympus beat J.
Flynn'B Hicks: Milo Kennels' Irma beat Aeneld
Kennels' Van Doric; V «emiU Kennels' Mose
' beat Pasha Kennels' Rod of Ash; Aeneld Ken
nels' Maid of Erin beat Kay & Trant's Eclipse;
Hurley <Sr Riley's Richmond Queen beat Yose
mite Kernels' Bounding Belle: T. A Gaffney't,
Sir John Arnott beat E. Bauermeister's War
Cloud; Fred Herr!nc's St. Elmo beat F. J. |
Kline's Mystic: Handy & Smith's Terrona beat j
!J Mahnney's Chief of the Hill; Milo Kennels' j
Victor King beat J. Murnane's Flashlight: W.
Perry's Campania beat J. McCormick's- White I
Tip; Handy & Smith's Ben Bolt beat John
Kerrigan's Conqueror; Dennis & Porter's The
Devil beat J. Byrne's Seminole: Yosemlte Ken
nels' Lamplighter beat Rlncon Kennels' Ski;
P. J. Rellly's Warship beat H. W. Rlke's |
Nancy R: E. X. Kello.Kfi's Kid McCoy beat J. I
Seggerson's Gold Hill; F. A pan' a Bit of Fash- \
Un beat Pas!ia Kennels'. Fleeting Fancy; W. |
H. Jones' Rustan beat Hurley & Riley's Master j
Mat: J. J. Warrt-n's Sweet. Lips beat R. E. do
B. Lopez's MacDoufall; F. Johnson's Moun- !
tain Beauty beat F. Moran's Flying Faster:
I- rd & Herhst's Revolver beat W. H. Jones' ■
l'rlno Jerome: Russell, Allen & Wilson's Mas
ter Claire beat J. Mooney's Silent Treasure: J i
Seggerson's White Chief beat .'. O'Dow Mi«- '
slrn Tip; E M Kelloge's Hummer beat F. A.
McComb's Miss Skyrocket: C. & H. Kennels' j
IV-mpsey Lass beat J. M^Cormick's Woodbyne; I
Lowe & Thompson's High Born Lady beat E.
M. KelloereV lowa Maid.
Socond round— One .Spot beat Wheel of For- ■
tune: Little Joker beat Madge Wildfire; Ex
panse beat Galivant; Olympus beat Douglas:
Mose beat Inna. Maid of Erin beat Richmond)
Oueen: >'ir John Arnott beat St. Elmo; Victor
Kin? beat Terrona: Ben Bolt beat Campania; '
Tie Devil beat Lamplighter; Kid McCoy beat
Warship: Ru.=:an beat Bit of Fashion; Sweet ;
Lips beat Mountain Beauty: Master Claire beat I
Revolver: Hummer beat White Chief: High j
!'. "rr. Lady beat Dempsey Lass.
Third round— Expense beat One Spot; Olym- I
pus beat Little Joker; Mose beat Maid of Erin! |
V:i trr King beat Sir John Arnott; Ben Bolt ,
brat The D^vi!; Kid McCoy beat Rustan; Sweet !
Lips beat Master Claire:' Hummer beat High I
Born Lady.
Fourth round— Olympus beat Expense: Mose j
b»at Victor King 8.-n Bolt beat Kid McCoy;
Hummer b"at Sweet Lips.
Kifth round— Olympus beat Mose; Ben Bolt
Final— Ben Bolt beat Olympus.
CLERGYMAN BECOMES
A CUSTOMS INSPECTOR
REV. MR. GOSS OF COLORADO
APPOINTED.
Leaves an Episcopal Pastorate to
Catch Smugglers of Opium and
Cigars on the Water Front.
J. N. T. G - ■ Epls
! church, was appointed Customs In
ector J
f ■•.,r found Mr. Goss' name first
on '. - he having passed an
■ >• examination, rat
ing at 100 per ci - raphy and arith
metic.
Mr. Goss was recently r hurch
in Ouray. Colo., and came to California in
to ,-i call for his health, lie
stands five feet t« n inches in his stoek
feet and weighs 180 pounds. Tl
id gentleman has had no exp.
in catching opium and cigar smugglers.
It is significant 'hat Surveyor Sp^nr
had the i Bfl ■ nted a pure
white. The Surveyor, however, denies
he knew that Mr. Goss was to be
□ted.
RETURN OF VOLUNTEERS
Postal Authorities Holding Mail
Awaiting That Time.
■ ■ tal authorities ai this point re
phic instructions yesterday
■•>n to hold all mail for the
. N< braska volunteers now
• Philippini s and to Bend all mail
for • • • • rs to Portland.
These instructions are taken to mdii
i foreshadowed In the
' - the Intention of the War
move the volunteer organ
izi.it: n v . their homes an quickly
as polfeibli !• ilso thought that the
i ■ ntioned In the Post-
Dei ■ eni dispatches will have
the first of August.
Usury on a Wedding Ring.
Mrs. Margaret McAvery, a poor widow.
■ i to Judgi Graham yesterday for
a warrant fur the ar- | | i H.ringhi,
pawnbroker, on a
charge of usury. Over two .• mn ago she
ed her wedding ring with him for
Lgreeing 1 htm 36 cents p»t
' v, hich up to date has
amounted t" J675. *!"• wants her ring
paying any more interest.'
d his warrant clerk
to ask the pawnbrokei to call upon him
. to explain.
Gertrude Atherton's new story,
"Cupid the Golden,' 1 will be in next
Sunday's Call.
Will Petition for Open Streets.
Residents and property owiifers on the
M.rthern slope of College Hill will petition
•■• Board of Supervisor! for an opening
• Easi Park street ami Richmond avenue
Ti accomplish this
inent it will !■■ necessary to lir.-t
a i appropriation ><f JI6OO. The
; venuea ■•■■' ■■■■ ■ ■'•■• r > are clus
ibo I Holly J'-uk sitr- and in their
Qdltion are useless in so far hs
ling means of egress ami ingress to
•Ins portion of the Mission district.
• tit meeting of the Holly Park
ment Oub Thomas O'Neil, H. B.
<-■ : ; [ck Botftman were ap
iommittee to wait on the Super
the appropriation.
In the line o.f Improvement It is pro-
B hall in which all public
meetings may be held. The r> quired funds
will be raise] by subscription. Several
prominent residents have promised sub
stantial aid.
WHOLESALERS' ANNUAL
FROLIC AT EL CAMPO
An Odd Programme of Games Has
Been Arranged for the
Picnic.
The annual frolic of the wholesale trade
of the city at El Campo on Saturday
promises to be jollier than ever before. A
list of games has been prepared odd
enough to interest Ihe most staid of mor
tals, and the programme will include
something for every one who attends.
The wholesale merchant will be expect
ed to lay aside his dignity and. with the
brokers and retail merchants who may be
there, join in a game of throwing hoops,
in which the men with steadiest nerve and
surest eye will win. The commercial trav
elers, bookkeepers and desk clerks will be
boys again, and their prizes will go to the
most skillful in a game of marbles.
Obstruction races have been planned for
boys, in which the prizes will not neces
sarily go to the speediest sprinters. For
the little girls there will be an odd race,
in which cakes of fancy toilet soap will
be placed at Intervals "about the track,
and the prizes will be given to the girls
picking up the most cakes of soap. The
best of this race will be that each little
girl will keep all the soap she picks up.
There will also be four boat races, one
for girls under 15, another for ladies over
that age. a third for boys under 16 and a
fourth for men. An attempt will be made
to confine the entries in these races to
persons connected with trade in Sin Fran
cisco.
The fat men and fat women will be re
membered. The babies will have their
sport in a candy distribution, in which
each will get a bag of sweeties. Then
those who like to dance will have Blanch
ard's band to entertain them, and the en
tire picnic will have a chance at the 300
presents which the wholesale merchants
have contributed as pate prizes.-
Many wholesale houses have put up the
sign. "This store closes on Saturday, June
10. for the merchants' picnic." For those
who can spend the day at El Camno there
Is a boat that leaves the Tiburon ferry at
9:30 o'clock. There will be another boat
at 1 o'clock for those who have only a half
day to spare.
As the tickets for the round trip are 50
cents, and there is absolutely no expense
to the picnic management for prizes,
there will undoubtedly be a large surplus
for the Children's Hospital, which is to
receive whatever is left over of the picnic
funds after the expenses are paid.
.■ ♦ ■
Escaped From the Hospita
wimarn Anaerpon. a ci^rK living- m \n<
California street, was arrested on Masoi
ir.ly yesterday morning by Police
man Ring on a charge of disturbing th<
CAUGHT IN A HURRICANE.
p-p,HE British bark Wynford had a hard time of it coming here from Hnm-
I burp via Antwerp. During the storm two of the sailors were, washed into
I the scuppers and seriously injured. On another occasion the captain
X was washed off the I. ridge aiul the entire starboard watch nearly went
werboard with him. Both captain and crew were glad when the Gulden
Jate was reached.
peace. He grot into trouble with his Bis
ter's lover and the lover fjot the better
of the fight. Shortly after being locked
up in the prison. Anderson «as seized
with an attack of hemorrhage of the
lungs and was sent to the Receiving Hos
pital. As he was only accused <<r" a mis
demeanor an officer was not sent to look
him. and about 5 o'clock in the
morning he climbed through the window
in th> male ward and made his escape.
The polk.- are now searching for him.
ROBBED THEIR EMPLOYER.
Charles Rochette and Thomas Mu
lane Arrested for Stealing Shoes.
Detectives Ryan and ODea yesterday
afternoon arrested Charles Rochette, the
ex-prize fighter, and Thomas Mulane,
both of whom were employed as portors
in Lucke's shoe store at 830 Market street,
and booked them at the City Prison on
charges of petty larceny. For several
months past Mr. I,ii'k«- has been missing
. xpensive .-hoes from his stock, and about
two weeks ago reported the matter to
Captain Spillane of the Southern station.
The latter detailed Detectives. Ryan and
ODea on the case and they suc< ded In
recovering a dozen pair of fine patent
leather shoe? which the two culprits had
disposed of. The stolen footwear had not
been sold to second-hand dealers or
pawned, l>ut were given outright tn
friends of the thieves or sold to a< qi aint
ances for a song. Armed with this evi
dence the two officers yesterday wen* t >
the store and placed the voting m«'n under
arrest. They at once confessed and ad
mitted that they had been systematically
robbing their employer for two months.
They rould not say how many shoes they
had taken in that time, but they appro
priated only the most expensive makes,
those selling f.rom $7 per pair upward.
Mulane, who Is 23 years old and unmar
ried, had been in the employ of Mr. Lucke
for seven years. Rochette was taken by
Mr. Lucke about three months ago as ah
act of charity. He Is mnrried. his wi f e,
who is an estimable young woman, resid
ing at 217 Eighth street.
Firemen Incorporated.
Articles of incorporation of the Veteran
Firemen's Association of San Francisco,
Cal., were filed yesterday, the objects of
the corporation being to advance socia
bility among its memhers and to assist
them in time of illness and death. The
directors are A. B. Truman. Samuel Mc-
Dowell, John J. Mahoney. Maurice M.
Baker James Grady and James M. Kent
sell.
V. M. C. A. excursion. Del Monte, Pa
cific Grove, next Thursday. Round trip
$3 50; five days. *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., FRIDAY, JUNE H, IS9J>.
HURRICANES AND
STORMS FOR THE
BARK WYNFORD
Captain and Starboard
Watch Nearly Lost.
WASHED INTO THE SCUPPERS
— ♦ -
VESSEL AND CREW HAD A VERY
HARD TIME OF IT.
•
G. H. Torrence of Oakland and Mrs.
A. Purdy of San Francisco Mar
ried at Sea on the Steamer
Humboldt.
The British bark Wynford. Which ar
rived from Hamburg via Antwerp yes
terday, had a very rough passage. She
was caught in storms In the- Atlantic,
rode out a hurricane In the Pacific, the
captain and all of the starboard watch
were nearly washed overboard and then,
when right off port, she ran into a north
wester that Lasted two days.
In his report Captain Cutler said: "We
had more than our share of light and
variable winds the first part of the voy
age. On one occasion we were becalmed
for fourteen days. We rounded Cape
Horn on March 29, and then our troubles
began. We had a succession of gales,
which culminated in a hurricane on April
12 in latitude 53 degrees 23 minutes south,
longitude ''I degrees west. There was a
very high cross sea and the waves broke
clear over the vessel] filling the decks to
the rail. It was impossible to move about
and two of the crew who made the at
tempt to go forward were thrown against
the bulwarks and severely injun I
"That storm had no sooner died down
than another came up. On April 20, in
latitude 37 degrees south, longitude '.'7 de
grees 26 minutes west, we had a gale from
the southwest. There was a heavy head
sea running, and as 1 it broke aboard it
ewept the ship fore and aft. A wave that
broke aboard over the stern carried me
nfr the bridge into the waist of the ves
sel and I and the starboard watch were '
■ nearly swept overboard. From that time
up to June B we had the usual weather, '
but in latitude 36 degrees north, longitude '
127 degrees west, on the date mentioned,
we ran into a northwester that lasted two
days. That was the last of our bad luck
and we made port without any more mis
hups."
The Wynford brings a large cargo of '<
general merchandise. She was IS4 days
making the run from Hamburg and 145
days from Antwerp.
The fast steamer Humholdt, which used i
to run betwt-f.n San Francisco and Eu- j
reka, liar- been mnking a record for her- I
self on Puget Sound. On her last trip
from Seattle to Skaguay she made the
round voyage in Beveri days six hours.
The Humboldt has thus set 'a record that
the other vessels in the trade can shoot
at for some time to come.
During the voyage to Skaguay the mo
y of betting *n each day's run was
broken by a marriage. It was an im
promptu affair, as neither of the parties j
to the wedding had ever met before they
boarded the boat. The first day nut from
Seattle Captain Bonniiield made G. H. j
Torrence <>f Oakland and Mis. Purdy of i
i his city acquainted with each other' It
was a case of love at first sight and a
few hours later they went to the skipper
and asked him v. marry them. This Cap
tain Bonnifield proceeded to do and soon
made them man and wife. Purser J. j. j
Carroll and First Assistant Engineer J. S.
Hughes of the steamer wore groomsmen
fur Torrence and a Mrs. Brooks, yne of
the passengers, was bridesmaid for Mrs.
Purdy. The groom is said to own valua
ble mining property in the Klondike, and
on the arrival of the steamer at Skaguay
he and his bride started at once for L>aw
son.
Captain Dedrich of the schooner De
fender starts for Eureka to-fnorrow to
superintend ihe outfitting of Hind, Rolph
(V- <'o.'s new schooner James Rolph. He
will take a crew with him for the same
firm's new four-masted barKentine Wil
liam Carson. Captain John r'llts will be'
the master of the William Carson.
ChJ ■!' of Police I. W. Lees spent nearly
all of yesterday on the steamer Alameda.
11,' Questioned all the officers and crew
and went carefully over the ground cov
ered by his men in their search for the
missing box of 5000 sovereigns ($25,000).
Whati ver conclusions the Chief arrived
at h.' is keeping religiously to himself and
is going to make another inspection of
the vessel to-day. So far not the slightest
tra< c of the money can be found, nor can
any satisfactory explanation of how it
was spirited away be given.
The Santa Pc Railroad Company has let
a contract for the construction of a tug
boat to the Fulton Engineering and Iron
Works. She will be about the size of the
tug Active and will be %-cry powerful. She
will be used in towing the company's
freight barges from Poi»t Richmond to |
CHOSEN TO PRESIDE AT
THEIR ANNUAL MEETING
REV. EDWARD PAYSON
HART, senior general super
intendent of the Free Method
ist church, who Is to preside at
the coming session of the Cali
fornia Conference to be held at Beulah
Park. Enst Oakland, commencing June
15. is a native of Vermont.
"Dr. Hart chose law as a vocation in
life, but hefore finishing his studies he
experienced conversion, which event
led him to enter the ministry. He was
successful from the beginning and
filled some of the most important
charges in Illinois and Michigan,
being elected a delegate to the General
Conference repeatedly. In October.
1874. he was elected one of the general
superintendents of the Free Methodist
church, and has been re-elected to
that position six times. He is an
eloquent preacher and an excellent
presiding officer. Mr. Hurt haw al
ready presided over four conferences
on the Pacific Coast, and after presid
ing over the California Conference in
Oakland will Lave for the East, his
Itinerary taking in Colorado. Kansas.
Missouri, Illinois, Indiana and Ken
tucky.
The California Conference embraces
all of the State north of San Luis
Obispo and Fresno counties. It is to
be held tn connection with a camp
meeting, at which a large attendance
is expected.
San Francisco. She will be fitted with
one of the Wittram propellers and is ex
pected to be speedy.
The Alaska Commercial Company a
steamer Bertha will sail for St. Michael,
Golovin Bay and Capo Nome via Un
alaska to-day. At St. Michael she will
connect with the company's steamers Cor
Dawson. After landing her passengers at
St. Michael the Bertha will either go on
to Golovin Bay and Cape Nome or she
will transfer ' her passengers to the
steamer Sadie and return to San Fran
cisco. Nearly 100 (cold hunters have laKen
passage on the Bertha.
OLD CLUB IN NEW QUARTERS
Richmond's Representative Citizens
Entertain Their Friends With a
House- Wanning.
President George R. Fletcher of the
Point Loboa Improvement Club never felt
better than he did las,t Tuesday evening
when presiding over the club which he
organised seventeen years ago, when the
Richmond district was a howling wilder
ness. The cause of his good feeling was
the fact that the club had moved Into Its
new quarters in Richmond Hall, on Clem
ent street and Fourth avenue, and in ad
dition to the change of quarters it was the
eighteenth anniversary of the club's ex
istence. The two facts brought together
a large representation of the 'very t.«y t
solid citizens of the Eavored Richmond.
A resume of the club's active work for
the betterment of the district could nut
be more tersely expressed than in the
words of J. M. Wilkins of the Cliff House,
who is chairman of the executive com
mittee of the Point LobOß Improvement
Club, when he said, in addressing the
club on the night of its anniversary; "At
the time I moved out to the Cliff House
seventeen years ago the Richmond district
had three houses and one roadway— Point
Loboa aveflue. Since then, through the
exertions of the club, one of the very best
systems of sewerage in the city has been
perfected, streets have been opened.
paved and put in proper condition: and,
still better, the place ihat was the home
of gophers and jackrabbits has become
the favored habitation of happy, thrift;.
and Industrious" families. .Mure money
has been spent by the property owners In
improvements In Richmond during the
past twelve years than in any other por
tion of the eitv of equal area.
"These are the reasons why I come In
from the cliff House every night that the
club meets. I recognize that it If through
th. work of this club and its president,
George R. Fletcher, that so much has
been accomplished for the extreme west
en, portion of San Francisco."
Other speakers followed in a similar
strain, all attesting to the great good
work done by the club and its officers,
principally President Fletcher, who has
Deen the mainstay of the club ever since
Its Mrih.
Among other questions brought before
the meeting was the Geary-street fran
chise. President Fletcher. In speaking on
the subject, gave It as his opinion that
there was (jttle use in spreading resolu
tions on the book for the mere effect of
gi Ing or. record In opposition to a ques
tion that is practically dead.
In order that the attitude of the club
and its president might not be misunder
stood by the public, Secretary W. i' •'■ hn
son Introduced b series of resolutions
drawing attention to the fact that the
club's president. George K. Fletcher. wa.«
the first person, years back, to call at
tention to the Intended steal of the Geary
street franchise and that due credit be
given to him. It was moved and unani
mously carried that the resolution be
placed" In the hands of the executive com
mittee consisting of James M. Wilkins
and John J. Cassidy. secretary, with
power to act. It was further brought to
the attention of the club that in 1897 it
was Mayor Phelan. A. B. Magulre and
President Fletcher who put their hands
in their pockets to meet the expense of
fighting the matter in the city courts.
The club expressed its indignation at the
reception its delegatfs had received at the
hands of the. Board of Education whet:
they presented themselves before that
body to request it to petition that a suit
able amount be provided in the tax levy
for a school building for the Point Lobos
district It was represented that the com
mittee of which the president wjw chair
man was kept waiting for three hours to
be called before the board. It was then
allowed five minutes to present its plea
and then curtly informed that the board
had too many demands to meet to rive
attention to the Richmnrfd district. The
sense of the club was taken, and at the
suggestion of C. Hansen it was consid
ered advisable that all interested in the
proposed school, both men and women,
ne present on Friday at 3:30 p. m. to call
the matter to the attention of the Board
of Supervisors.
\fter the business meeting an adjourn
ment was had to the banquet-room, where
ill" were made better acquainted and the
nrosperity of the Richmond d. strict and
the welfare of the club were toasted.
Dear Madam: "Pegamoid says comet
You're welcome. Chrrrlcle tnitldinir. No. SI.
TALK TO MOTHERS.
Interesting Programme at the Silver
Star Kindergarten.
Mr?. Elisabeth H. Walnwright, princi
pal of th<- Silver State Kindergarten. In
augurated a pretty exercise— "Mothers 1
day"— yesterday afternoon, in which she
was ably assisted 1 by her teachers and the
135 little ones under her direct charge.
After a programme by the pupils, in
which they save an excellent exhibition
of their kindergarten snnps and games,
the mothers were entertained with mu?io
and recitations. The concluding number
of the programme was "A Talk to Moth
ers " The talk was an excellent paper,
written by Dr. Charles T. Abbott, and
read in Italian by Mrs. Kmily Tojetti. The
mothers present listened attentively to
the paper, in which sanitary laws were
given special attention and stress laid
upon \rn?ilatlun. nourishment afld the im
portance "f el> anlimss.
Among those who contributed to the
programme were Miss Venchiaruttl. Mme.
Tojetti Dr. Abbott and Mrs. Ida Lee
Davis. _
— "The American Porter"— is made especially
to supply an American need, by the Anheuser-
Busch Brewing Agg'n. No other American
brew is like it.
■ m •
Claims to Have Been Robbed.
William Huttmi, a machinist living at
43" Eleventh street, was found in a semi
conscious condition on the marsh near the
Seventh street dumps yesterday morning.
He alleged that he had been given knock
out drops in a saloon on Howard street,
near Fourth, and had been robbed of
$58 90. The police are Investigating the
case.
PALACE HOTEL WILL
HAVE ITS THEATER
MANAGER KIRKPATRICX HAS
ASKED FOR ESTIMATES.
He Returned Last Evening After
Having Inspected the Big Play
Houses of the East.
The Palace. Hotel theater is to be a
thing of the Immediate future. So pays
Colonel John <_'. Kfrkpatrick, manager C
the Sharon estate, who returned last
evening after a month spe:it In visiting
the big hotels and theaters of the Eastern
States. *
"From the way matters look at pres
ent," said he, "I think I may say the
theater will bo built and it will be one of
the finest in the land. While in the Ka.-t
I called unon several prominent archi
tects and they became mon- enthusiastic
than I myself after I had described the
hotel and its possibilities from an archi
tectural standpoint.
I requested two of these architects-
one in Chicago and one in New York— to
prepare estimates for me as booh as they
possibly could, and I expect them out here
within six weeks," continued Mr. Kirk
patrick. "We will have '■• — o T
measurements for them out here ajid this
we will do at once.
"The theater will be built in the Jessie
street end of the hotel and will require
all that end of the building. There will
tie an entrance from Jessie street, another
from New Montgomery and one through
the hotel from the court. We have every
thing here to make one of the finest th' -
a ■ rs in this country and at much less
expense than I at first thought. 1 confess
1 have come back metre enthusiastic than
when I left."
Colonel Klrkpatrick could not say how
soon work would be begun, hut thought
not long after the receipt bere of the
estimates he has requested.
' ■♦ .
ELECTION OF OFFICERS.
Those Who Have Been Selected to
Serve for the Ensuing Term
in Various Societies.
Sequoia Parlor, Native Sons of the Golden
West, has elected the following as its officers
for the ensuing term: H. Scheper. president;
J. C. T^-son. first vice president; Dr. F. Cranz, j
second vice president; J. Drumbell. third vice
president; George Stock witz, marshal; K. D.
Barton, recording secretary; C. E. Tower, j
financial secretary; Dr. Donnelly, surgeon; J. ,
Lyons, trustee. Henry T. Sengstacken becomes
junior or past president.
Aurora Lodge, Knights and Ladies of Honor,
has elected as its officers for the ensuing term-
W. C. Hearn. protector; Mrs. Annie Thomp- '
son, vice protector; Mrs Lillie B Holcomb re
cording secretary; Mrs L. A. Happ, financial '
secretary; Dr. A. S. Cook, treasurer; Mrs.
Sarah Davidson, chaplain: Mrs. Frances Wil
liams, guide: Mrs. Helena Hearn, guardian;
Mrs. Bell Leo. sentinel, and Mi&s Edith Proc
tor, captain of the guard.
Loyal Rebekah Lodge. I O. O. F., has elect
ed Miss Ruby A. Jewell as noble grand: Miss
Margery Jennings, vice grand. and Emma
Braver secretary.
California Hebekah Lodge, I. O. O. F., has
elected Miss Pauline Harris noble grand; Mrs.
M. Heed, vice grand: Miss Minnie Homeyer,
recording secretary; Mrs M. A. Hawley, finan
cial secretary; Mrs. M. Lewis, treasurer; Mrs.
Max, tfustetf
Mission Rebekah Lodge, I. O. O. F., hag elect- j
ed Mrs W. W. Barnes, N. G.: Miss Parthenia
Burkhardt. vice grand, and Mrs. W. W. Wat,
son. secretary.
The following have been elected officers for
the ensuing term by Templar Rebekah Lodge,
I. O. O. F. : Mrs M. Plath. noble grand; Dell
Warford, vice grand; Mrs. Tessie Hopkins, re
cording secretary; Mrs. Josephine Brown,
financial secretary, and Delilta Spinner, treas
urer.
San Francisco Tent No. IS of the Knights
of the Maccabees has- elected as its officers for
the ensuing term the following: M. B. Bohofleld,
commander; K. H. Stephens, lieutenant com
mander; Dr. J. I. Manson. physician; A. N.
Bowen, sergeant; Th - ■< Frolich, record keeper;
H. H. Castle, finance keeper: Edward Savery,
Chaplain: F. L. Hilmer, master at arms; A.
E. Martinelll, first master of the guarii;
Thompson White, second master of the guards;
John Sampson, sentinel; W. B. Greenberg,
picket: J. H. whltesides, armorer, and. George
V. Lerol scribe.
. Presidio Parlor. N. B. O. W., has elected the
following named as its officers for the next
term: F. T. Finch, president; William Kaiser,
William Dolan and William Taylor, vice presi
dents: George Brown, marshal; E. Kann
glesser, secretary: E. E. Fischer, treasurer; J.
H. Schmidt, financial secretary, and J. Hol
land, trustee.
Lincoln Lodce, Friends of the' Forest, hag
fleeted the following named as its officers for
the approaching term: Mrs. S. Try.->n, presi
dent; Mrs. Maude Mack, vice president: Mrs.
E. J. Lake, chaplain; Mrs. flattie Bryant,
treasurer: Miss Ella. Waldo, financial secre
tary; Mlks Carrie Mayers, recording secretary:
Miss Jennie Connell, marshal; Miss Annie
Sharp, warden; Miss Burrows, inner guard;
Will King, outer guard, ..and Mrs. Hicks, or
ganist.
Verbs Buena Parlor of the Native Sons of
the Golden West ha* chosen the following
officers for the ensuing term: Charles E. Fred
ericks. pa«t president; Laurance F. Walsh,
president; Frank C. Kenny. M. J. Sheehan and
Daniel Suter. vice presidents; W. F. Soule, re
cording secretary; C. B. Hobson. financial sec
retary; L. J. Aub«-rt, treasurer; Henry Larsen,
marshal: Frederick W. Lees, W. 8. O'Brien
.and Carl A. Henry, trustees; Dr. A. A. Drossel,
surgeon.
Oriental Robekah Lodge. I. O. O. F.. has
JOIN HANDS TO AID
THE DEWEY MONUMENT
W' HEN the Dewey monument committee meets to-day the various sub
committees -will have some highly important reports to make regard
ing the progress of the movement. The most important matter just at
present is the raising of funds, and the amount of subscriptions received
up to date promises to surprise even the individual members them
( selves. Some handsome, subscriptions have been turned in to Treasurer Pond
I during the -week, but the members of the committee have carefully guanleil
the result of their individual canvtss for funds, preferring to make it pub
lic at to-day's meeting of the general body.
• President Phelan and Secretary Fletcher have finished sending out circu
) lar letters to the Mayors of all the important Cities and towns in the State
> setting forth the object of the movement and requesting them to enlist thu
aid of their townspeople and arrange for the thorough canvass of their re
-1 spective municipalities. These letters are expected to have the most benen
) cial results. Every Mayor addressed will at once appoint a general com
i mittee to take charge of the work and collect funds.
[ Letters continue to pour in upon the local committee from all quarters.
' Many of them contain subscriptions to the fund, and all testify to the immensa
> popularity of the movement. Everybody feels that the interest throughout the
I East in the California plan to honor Admiral Dewey and his men has pl-iced
. the people of the Golden State upon their mettle and there must be no lag
ging until the great shaft has been finally dedicated.
> The discussion over the location continues with unabated interest, and
) many arid original are the suggestions offered to the committee. At the
> meeting to-day everything that has been done so far will be made public,
and it is expected the committee will outline plans for the immediate tuture.
elected as - its officers for. the ensuing term:
Miss Amy Webb, noble grand; Mrs. Margaret
Derby, vice grand; El mira Parker, secretary.
LAMBARDI SINGERS
IN BELLINI'S "NORMA"
The largest crowd of the Lambardi sea
son turned out last night to hear "Nor
ma," an old and old-lashioned opera that
is seldom heard in this generation. The
title role introduced a new soprano a
stout lady by the name of Rossi, whose
voice wobbled like a weather-cock. Sh^
Is a strenuous but unmagnetic singer
Little Miss Sostigni was the Adalgisa,
and a charming one. Avedano came t<>
the good again in the tenor part, and
Travaglina was an excellent Orovescd.
The orchestra was notably out of time.
The double bill of "PagHacci" and "Cav
al'eria" will be repeated to-night.
ST. PETER'S SCHOOL.
Literary Exercises and an Operetta
jrendeved by the Pupils.
An Interesting entertainment was given
i last night by the pupils of St. Peter's
| School In the large liall on Florida street,
, near Tw< nty-fifth.
The programme consisted of two parts,
the first being devoted <o literary exer
cises as follows:
Opening march, orchestra; salutatory. Eu-
F*ne P. Gleason: "Welcome To-nrght" (White).
chotr: "Disci very of Pan Francisco Bay"
(White). Michael E Tobln; vocal nlo, "The
i Organ Grinder" iHarris), Robert J. O'Connor;
j dialogue. "Belt-Interest ur Where There's a
! Will There's a Way." Jarm-s F. O'Rourke.
i William F. Flynn. William J. Foley; violin
| solo, "Blue Bolls of Scotland" < Farmer), H
I .1 McFee. accompanist W. A. Dunne: "Didn't
Know What Spoke." Charles S Campbell;
■ "Anvil Chorus" (Verdi), choir; "Independence
; Bell." Michael P. Harron; "How He Answered
' an Inquiry. " Chester A. Plnkham. Ray R.
Mitchell; duet. "Come. Silver Moon" (Whit. i.
J"hn I. Ashe, R. .T. O'Connor; concert r°a.ilnt'.
; "Bells of Shannon," seventh grade; military
drill by St. Peter's School Cadets, M. P. Har
, ron captain; medley of Irish airs, orchestra.
An operetta entitled "The Sons of Lib
erty" whs the last number and evoked
tniich applause for ihe olever way in
which the participants acquitted them
selves. The military drill by St. Peter's
S<honl Oadet.s. Captain M. P. Harron
commanding, was also an interesting
feature.
The operetta had the following cast of
characters:
General Putnam. Colorel Slocum. of the Con
tinental Guards. Thomas G. Maeulre. George
T. Welch; Major Snltfln of His Majesty's
• Guards. Joseph H. Doyle; Joe Mason. Nat Hale.
Hiram Tuoktr. Piles Story. James Dwyer. the
hoys of '78, Frank J. Sullivan. Jan-.es F.
O'Rourke, Wiil'mn A. Dunne, William F.
Flynn, William .!. Foley: Simple Pet» r. a sup
pi sed dolt. Arthur E. Curtis: Tom Pavson. a
Continental Guard. Arthur A. Swan; Han-<
eider, a young Hessian soldier. Harry 3.
Plnkham: M T Stomach, Rllly Brakebeam.
Harry Hash & Co . professional tramps. James
i O'Donnell, William D. Huirhes. John May;
'illasre boys. Continental and Hessian soldiers,
guards, etc.
The exercises will be repeated to-night
; at the -same place.
CONFERENCE OF CHARITIES.
Co-operative Woodyards to Be Estab
lished Here.
The Cnnfprfnrf of Charities was heir]
Wednesday In thr> cast oarlor of Gold< n
Gate Hall, which had been penerously do
rater] for the purpose. Eighteen charit
able organizations woro represented, pre
sided over by Harold Wheeler.
The principal business transacted was
the proposition to establish a central co
operative woody ard, where deserving men
could obtain work. If found necessary.
two or three more will be operated under
t he one management. The plan was r< -
garded a* a solution of the tramp prob
lem, and on this sub.if-ct Professor F. A.
Fetter of Stanford University addressed
the meeting.
Dr. Dorothea Mnnrf advised < o-opera
tlon with the railroads in the endi
to rid the country of the objectionanlc
fraternity, and cited Pennsylvania aa
having accomplished pood results with
the aid of the railroads. A committee
will be appointed by the president to take
the matter of woodyards in hand.
It was also decided to establish a cen
tral medical bureau where the district
nurses and physicians may co-operate.
The district nurse system of the confer
ence has been uniformly successful and
it may be extended. There are now fort) -
seven cases being cared for by the asso
ciation, eighteen of which are new.
The financial report for May showed
S4S4 15 on hand May 1; subscriptions. $128;
total, $612 15. Expenditures— Dru^s, $21;
district nurses. $."7 50; solicitors' fees.
$450; total. $73 SO. Balance on hand
June 1. $538 35.
HEALTH OFFICIALS WILL ACT.
City Will Provide Nurses for Small
pox Patients at the Maclean
Hospital.
The physician? who have charge of the
Maclean Hospital made application to
; Mayor Phelan. Auditor Wells, Supervisor '
i Holland and the members of the Board of
i Health yesterday for financial assistance
in lighting the smallpox disease that has j
broken out in the hospital. At present
there are seven persons suffering from the
disease in the institution. Inasmuch as
the hospital Is under strict quarantine and- :
no one is permitted to enter or leave the
place, the hospital physicians insist that
i the city provide immune nurses and take
i such other steps as will aid in the reeov- !
cry of the patients already infected and at
the same time assist in stamping out the
disease
The petitioners were given every assur
ance that their wishes will be complied
with, and the officials of the Health De
partment were instructed to take such
steps as to them seem necessary in thr>
premises. The new Pr-sthouse will be ■
| ready for occupancy by Saturday night ,
! and will be utilized for the receptio-n of '
I smallpox cases should any new cases be
reported.
Forthcoming Merchants' Picnic
The surplus re<'t'ipts of the Merchants
picnic, to be given at El Campo next Sat
urday afternoon, will be donated to the
Children's Hospital. The affair will be
the chief trade outlag of the season and
will be patronized by merchants in all the
nutris of trade, together with thHr em
ployes, customers and families. Since the
only diesire ia to make every one happy.
Pc limit is to be put on the funds employ
c(i in entertaining toe picnickers. The
atr.our.t already expended exceeds the ex
penditures of past years by several hun
dred dollars, and as none of the managers
undertake the affair to make money, the
surplus always goea to some deserving
charity.
Charged With Insanity.
F. K. Callaj:h.r. a well-known stenog
rapher, was locked up in the insane ward
In the Receiving Hospital yesterday.
Wednesday h* caused a panic in the- home
of his parents, 1572 Howard street, by
threatening to exterminate the family
with an ax.
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
S. H. Friedlander, Manager.
' The Lamtardi Grand Italian Opera Company.
Tour Under the Direction of Messrs. Wood &
Wyatt.
Every Lover of Good, True Music Should Hear
This Wonderful Organization.
i i i NIGHT.
THE GREAT BARYTONE.
SIGJNOR SALASSA
"CAVALLERIA~Sf7TICANA" and
"I PAGLIACCI."
Saturday Matinee.: "LA TRAVIATA"
] Saturday ..' "RIOOLETTO"
Reserved Seats, 'I6c, BOc, Too. $1.
INOTE
This great organization will commence their
second week engagement at the
LHAMBRA THEATER
On SUNDAY EVENING. Presenting on an
Elaborate Sca!e. "AIDA."
Next AUraotion-
"THE TURTLE!"
: Fantastic and furiously funny French farcical
. frivolity.
I'm not so Flow.
I'm French, you know.
We come creeping In on Sunday night.
The season's sensational success. -:
You dare not miss it. • -'
Seats now on sale at the box office.
| COLUMBIA. 'fa
KELCEY-SHANNON CO
TO-NIGHT AND SAT. NIGHT— Request.
! ••THE MOTH NO iI.E FLAME,"
SAT. MAT.— THE NEW COMEDY.
EXTRA— THE GREAT EVENT.
j NEXT MONDAY NIGHT
Mr. Charles Frohman Presents
MR. HENRY MILLER
AND A SPECIAL COMPANY.
In Henry Arthur Jones' Comedy,
"THE LIARS!"
SEATS NOW SELLING.
[ALCAZAR™
Curtain Rises Promptly at S.
LAST THREE NIGHTS!
LAST MATINEE TO-MORROW AT 2!
LEWIS MORRISON,
IN HIS GREAT CREATION.
HAMLET.
PRICES Be 25c, 35c, 53c.
JEFFRIES - FITZSIMMONS contest an-
nounced to-night from the stage.
Next Week— LEWIS MORRISON In "THB
MASTER OF CEREMONIES."
JOHNSTONS! • BENNETT'S VAUDEVILLE
CELEBRITIES IN CONJUNCTION
WITH ORPHEUM STARS.
JOHNSTON BENNETT,
Assisted by ANTONIO WILLIAMS. In "A
QUIET EVENING AT HOME."
The Mysterious: The Mystifying!
* HOUDINI,
And MLLE. BEATRICE HOUDINI.
McAVOY AND MAY. Cyclonic Comedians.
CASWELL AND ARNOLD, Comedy Acrobats.
CLIFFORD AND HI'TH HENRI FRENCH,
MOUNG TOON MONTGOMERY
ANP STONE.
Reserved Peats. 25c: Balcony, 10c; Opera
Onirs n^n Box Seats,. 50c.
TO-NIGHT— ReDorts from Fltzsimmons— Jef-
fries contest read from the stage.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
Telephone Main 532.
ALL THIS WEEK AND
SATURDAY MATIN
GRAND DOUBLE BILL.
GRAND DOUBLE SUCCESS.
THE PIRATES ofJ>ENZANCE
I PAGLIACCI.
In English.
NEXT WEEK!
By Universal Demand,
"EL CAPITAN!"
Reserved seats. 25 and 50 cents; gallery. VS
cent?
Branch Box just Inside main entrance Em-
porium.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
LAST THREE NIGHTS OF
Johann Strauss'- Masterpiece.
The Merry War
An Immense Ovation to Everybody's Favorite
GRACIE PLAISTED.
SUPERB CAST! SPLENDID SCENERY!
CORRECT COSTUMES!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 O'CLOCK,
NEXT MONDAY— "LA FILLE DE MA-
DAME ANGOT."
PRICES .' 25 Cents and 60 Cents
Telephone. Bush 9.
CONCEPTS AND KESOHTS.
Rattle ™^ ■■■■■
LVUIIIV GREAT REAXIBTIO
q, ■ \ * WAR PANORAMA!
OT Prot - W - °- ROLUNBw
v^ . the eminent orator,
mm • m lectures naif hourly.
31*1 113 ««rket St.. nr. Eighth.
Admission Mo.
Bay! Children «c
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS. ' '- w
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M, TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSION, 10c; CHILDREN. sc.
Bathlne. Including Admission. 25c; Children. 20c.
FASCINATING 'WM
COMPLEXIONS^f
That soft, smooth, rose-tinted *V*!swt/ -_&^
complexion so much desired can x iin~
be obtained by the use of WOODBURJTS Facial
Boap and Facial Cream. They possess marvel-
ous power I >r brightenir.fr the color. Itlvinsj
eew life and tone to the skin; beautifying ans
preserving the complexion.
DDTTCUI7C FOR barbers, BAK-
D tl II L^rlilkD rs.. bootblacka. bath-
VUUWlluw , billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders candy-makers, canners.
dyers, flourmllls. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
(tablemen. tnr-rnnfpr» tanner*, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN .BROS..
Brush Manufacture!?. 609 Sacraments Si
"dr.mcnultyT
MIIS WELL-KNOWN AM) RELIABLE OLD
JL Specialist cures Private, Nervous, and Blood Div
eases o; Men only. Book on I'rivaie Diseases and
Weaknesses of Met:, free. Over -0 y'rs' experience.
Patients Homo. Tprrasrea^oiiaNc. Hours 9
to3daliy;S.3otoB:3o Shihlhvs. 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call.oraddrees
P/KOSCOE MrSiILTY, M.D.
26Vi Kearny St., San Francisco.. Cal.
lA/. X. HESS.
ITOTAET PUBLIO AND ATTORNEY- AT LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, CUui Spreckela Bids'.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, 821 California St.. below Powsil.
Pan Francisco.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver unchanged. '
Grain markets dull.
Hay arrived more freely Bn-iin
Bran and Middlings firm.
Beans and Seeds dull.
Coffee depressed.
Hams higher.
Veal doing better Other Meats unchanged.
Dried Fruits nominaj.
Fresh Fruits In good supply-
Poultry In moderate supply.
Butter an.i Egga firm.
Good demand for Cheese.
Another decline in Potatoes.
Onions unchanged.
WEATHER REPORT.
rj2oth Meridian— Tim».)
SAN FRANCISCO, June S. 6 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
sported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka 5S San Diego 64
Fresno  .. 9S Sacramento ... SS
J,.>s Angeles 6S Independence ... S8
Red Bluff -""i Yup.,a 100
Han Luis Oblspo .'"
San FranclscoAMaxlmum temperature. B8;
minimum. BO; mean, M
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather is clear west of the Rocky
M".intains. except In Northern Washington,
where it is partly cloudy.
The temperature lias risen ylight'.y over the
Pacific Sloj.p, except along the central coast
of California, where It fell or remained sta
tionary.
The pressure Is highest off the Washington
coa^ and lowest In Southern Arizona. These
conditions arc favorable for fair and waxn'i
weather In the South Pacific Coast region.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight June 9:
Northern California— Fair Friday; continued
warm in the Interior: light northerly wind.
Southern California— Fair Friday; fresh west
wind.
Nevada— Fair Friday.
I'tah— Fair Friday.
Arizona— Fair Friday; continued warm.
Snn Francisco and vicinity— Fair Friday;
light northwest wind.
G. H. WIL.L.SON, Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. June B.— The market took on
the appearance of vitality and strength which
are associated .with a bull market at one period
dining the lay. but the Inevitable professional
realizing seemed to take the snaj out of the
market, and when the bears perceived that the
buying was not r?ne\M»d with any eagerness,
even after the realizing offerings had ceased,
they attacked the market In the last half hour
and worked some very material recessions In
prices. Sugar. Metropolitan and Brooklyn
Transit close*! more than - points below the
high l»vel. though retaining still good net ad
vances in price. A number ■•'. the specialties
and prominent railroads also had a poll or
over taken lrom ton prices. The pi ntng of
the market was surprisingly tranquil consid
ering the amount of business that was being
aone. A long list of important stock opened
at unchanged prices and no sux-k In the list
showed a change of as much as a point in the
early transactions. It was evident that there
was a large bear part) in Sugar still uncon
vinced by yesterday's dividend declarations.
anJ they undertook to force down the price of
that very uncertain security. By the time 11
had fallen 2 points, however, the decline met
resistance of a kind which it was not in the
power of the bears to overcome. The experi
ence during the remainder of the day was not
an agreeable one and the heavy blocks ab
sorbed ai the hish level was convincing evi
dence of tt'.eir distres?. The advance In price
ct refined sugars, which was acquiesced In by
all Interests in the trade, seemed to bring home
to the bears that the competition could not be
of a v.-ry destructive character and mat the
opposing interests might be fairly regarded as
in.stille.i lr. the rositlon of insiders regarding
stock market maneuvers. The very buoyant
ton- of Brooklyn Transit, Metropolitan Street
Railway and Manhattan added to the discom
fiture of the bears. Later In the day tlie To
bacco stcck* took up the advance, yesterday's
dividend declaration on Atchlson preferred had
a very s-tnnulaUns effect on that stock, as well
iis on all the gram-carrying roads. The West
ern and Southwestern Mocks nearly all rose
over 0 point and pretty much the wholi rail
road list responded In sympathy, the only lag
gards t.eing a tew Southern roads which were
affected by selling for London account. Th.
announcement of a further shipment of 51,00(T.
--000 gold on Saturday, making a total of 13.500,
--000 <»n the movement, was without Influence In
th» market. This outward movement of gold is
now generally understood to be due to special
Inducements offered by the Bank of England to
f-ecure a replenishment of Its reserve. There
are Intimations of similar pressure from Rus
sia and other Continental points, though no au
thoritative Information .an be secured on the
■
The iron and steel stocks were conspicuously
heavy ill day, with .-no or two exceptions
though they did not suffer materially in the
later decline. Large gains were shown by a
number of railroad stocks seldom traded in,
including lowa Central preferred, Minneapolis'
St. Paul and Sault Ste. Marie common and
preferred. Hocking Valley. "Evansvllle and
rerre Haute and Dcs Molnes and Fort Dodge
preferred. The tone at the close was decidedly
weak. J
The market for bonds showed improved
strength • and ar. increased volume of dealings
as the day progressed. Total sales $2,520.000
par value. United States 2's advanced v. in
the hid price.
. r , T! c IP . tntal salep of stocks to-day amounted to
'«.w0 shares including: American Steel and
1- Ire, ">.O00; American Sugar, 84,000; American
rotacco, 30,500; Anaconda, 7500; Atchison, 3200
--00 preferred, 42,* v .; Burlington. 33,800; Conti
nental Tobacco, 14.100; do preferred MOO Fed
™r- Pf™ 1 ' 2L000 ? rto preferred, 4200; Manhattan,
—.film; Metropolitan Street Railway, 8100; Mex
ican Central, '6loo; v - r. Pacific. 13 800 New
\ork Central, lo.roo; Northern Pacific 7800
do Preferred. MOO; People's lias, 13.100; Rock
Island 17.7C0; St. Paul, 35,70y; Union Pacific,
5..00; do preferred. 4000; Rubber. 3200; Western
L ni-n. 3,00. :r ■ -
.CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison isi 8 5, Louis & S W... 13
Do preM 56% Do prefd au .
Baltimor & Ohio. 55 5t Paul I"SV
Canada Pacific: nt9BVi Do pre'f'd! '.'.'.'.'.[ .'!.l72V4
i.anada Southern.. 534 St P & Om 172 !
'entral Pacific... 51% Do prefd "^""'no * !
Uies * Ohio 25 go Pacific 31U I
chi & Alton 160 Bo Railway Hi*
B 4 Q; 1:-:;-, Do prefd ' 50&
Lhl & t. 11l "i Texas & Pacific.... 19 '
P^fd 124 L'nion Pacific 41
■nt? } V 13% Do nn , -
hi Ind ■& L •, «-ahaah -\
Do prefd 41 ; 4 Do prefd :: ■ 2u%
Chi &N W. ex-d..154 W& L E (new) t£
r^r^%'T a - v ilv' Do 2-1 prefd.. »?
C C &St L... . 53% Express Companle;.- 1
,Do prefd 96V4 Adams Ex .....no
R •' * " ud ? on il7' 2 American Ex US
R el h * W l«5*J United States 4.',
I '• & Rio G 22y t \ V ell Fargo 125
''■ prefd 77', , Miscellaneous-
Erie (new) 12% a Cot Oil 36.%
Do Ist prefd 34=; Do prefd.... 91 I
Ft Wayne ......IS4 Am Spirits .ML '
Gt Nor prefd 1634 Do prefd ' 3r, I
National Steel 48 Am Tobacco <»,
prefd 90 ' Dr. prefd 140
Illinois Central 113% Cons Gas . 167
Lake Erie A W.... 14» g rv, m Cable ,- '179
Do prefd „>"■* Col F & 1r0n...;;!'. 44-.; !
Lnke Shore. 205 Do prefd 108>A
Louis & Nash 87 Gen Electric us
Manhattan L UOyJ Haw Com Co HO
MfttSt Ry 218 Federal -Steel..:!: ! 60^
Michigan Central. . 113 I j»,, prefd s-m"
Minn & St L :r , Intl fH^r..'.'.'. 43U
Do 2d prefd M Do prefd tqu
mo Pacific 42% [.aclede li^:;::- 52
Mobile at Ohio .... 3S. Lead !!.. »i
mo X & T m* iv, prefd::::::::::no* j
vDo J? 1 ™", ??* Brooklyn R T... IU4
v- J Central ; lU> Nat Lin OH 3%
N V Central 13] 'Pacific Mall 47'!
NY C A.- St L .... 13 Peoples Gas lig£
S° •' pre "".'"- 63 , Pullman Pal!!;;: 156 !
Do 2d prefd Zk\i Silver Certificates ni
Nor West 20% Standard R & T... 7%
No Amer Co in, sugar m ff
No Pacific 47U 1,,-, prefd 117
Do prefd ,", T ,• c. T rnn M i/ ,
Ontario * w .... 24.!; s father.::-;.:: S8
Or R■■ N ■>■■'■'■• 70% Do prefd...::.:::: 7 0%
Pacific Coast 39% D 8 Rubber 524
Do Ist prefd Xi j Do pr^ fd U5 ,7
Do 2d prefd 35 Western Union.... <w'
rittsburis IS4 ,Am S &■ W C 0.... 59*;
Reading 20 . no prefd 95? :
Do Ist prefd 57% Colo Southern '. '5-4
'< '» *•■• 33 , Do Ist prefd 434
Do prefd 79 I no M prefd 17U
Rock Island 1124 Nor & W prefd.... 69 3
=t Louis & F.... 10* Cont Tobacco 474
D 1 Vd rpf P r e Vd:::::: 71 i r>o prefd - M«
Do 2d prefd ..... 38 I
CLOSING BONDS.
US 2», reg mo^ M X & T 2ds 66%
D" 3s 105* i do 4s <ml
Do coup 1O»* n V Cent 15t5...'..n5 \
US new 4s reg....130»* N J Cent gen I'm
TDo coup 130% North Carolina 127
Tj S old 4s, reg.... 112* I Do 4s ..:.... 1f, 4
JDo foup 113VN i- lsts ....113
V 6 5a reg 112 V Do 3s h™
Do ■■'"iv .........H2\! Do 4s ::::.iof,i*
strict 3.66s 119 'N V C & 8 L to 1072
Ala cla«s A 1104 Nor & w con 4s &
Df) « HO Do gen 6s- .... 132
Do C 100 Or Nay lsts 113
Do Currency ..100 Do 4s ; ■>?
Atch gen 4s 103 OS Line . .'.'." 132
Do adjt 4s 84 Do con 5s . 114
Canada So 2ds 11l Reading Gen 4s" vn
C & O (Ms M*R O W IMS . .."10l "
Do os ...110'i St L& I M Con 11H4
C&■ N Con 78.. ....144 SL& B F Gen «* 126
Do deb as 122 St I' Con .... IB^ii
Chicago Term 45..102? iSt P C & p lsts v, 4
D& KG lsts ....1064 Do 5s ... ' " m-«
Do 4s 1034 So Ry os .... '." ' 110-V
F. T V-, & Ga lsts. 105* Standard R & T fi's S3
Erie Gen 4s 73 Term new set 3s %
Ft W & D C IPtP. S3 Tex & Pa/- lsts. 1144
Gen Elec 5s 11« Do 2ds . --•■I
OH A S A 6s !13>. 4 I' P 4s . . 10$
Do 2ds 1114 Wabash lsts m
H ft T C Si 113 ' Do 2dß 994
Do Con 6s 111% West Shore 4s ....114%
lowa Cent Ist? .113 Wls Cent lsts... . 75
X C P & G lsts.. 66 Va Centuries ..... RS%
La new con 45....110\4 Do deferred .... g
X. & X Uni 45;.... 98* Colo So 45.......... «7*
MINING STOCKS
Choiiar *8 Ontario ". 8 00
Crown Point 24 Opbir 1 00
Con Cal & Va 1 53 Plymouth, 10
Dendwood no I Quicksilver 2 00
Gould & Curry 2S Do prefd 7.10
Hale & Norcrosg.. 33 Sierra Nevada..... 70
Homestake 60 00 Standard 2 !■■
Iron 'Sliver 55 I'nlon Con 38
Mexican 40 Yellow Jacket "-' ;
BOSTON STOCKS AMi BONDS.
Money West End ...' 94
Call loans S <3i I Do prefd 116
Time loans B\4#4\4 Westlngh Elec 50
Stocks— I Do prefd 85
A T ■£• st Fe IS Brooklyn R T 113^
Do prefd 56% Ronds—
Amer Sugar 150^, ;Atchlßon 4s 102.
Do prefd .T~.-~.137H Wls Cent In UK
Cell Tel 333 ! Mining Shares—
Boston & Albany. .2s6 Adventure I 1"1" 11 *
Boston L : .r. 10814 Allnu»z M!n C 0.... 7£
Boston & Maine... 'Atlantic 30Vi
Chi Bur & Q......131H Boston A M0nt. ..341
Ed Elec 111 200 Butt" £ 805t0n.... 72
Fitchburg prefd ..U7Vi Calumet & Hec1a..785
Gen Electric US', Centennial 34 I
Fed Steel 6"i 4 Franklin l-\
Do iirefd 12 HumbokU 1*«
Mexican Cent /li% Osceola *2\ ■
Mich Tel 91 Parrott 4'.'Vz .
X V & N Eng pfd.loo Qulncy ISG
Old Colony 204 Santa F"e Copper.. 121-3
IHd Dominion .... 3s Tamarnck 215
Rubber 52 Winona 14 . i
I'nlon Pacific 41 Wolverines 42^
Union I^ind 7 Utah 39
'
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. June B.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram Bays:
The markets here were quiet but heavy to
day on th' 1 - Transvaal deadlock and vague ru
mors of Mr. Chamberlain's resignation, as well !
as the bad failure of the Japanese loan offer- -
ings, the underwriters getting sfi per cent A
Paris canard that the French Premier hn's re
signed had currency for some time. Consols
were down 3-16. Americans Idle but firm, clos
ing cheerful. Spanish 4's were 64'«. Tintos.
45Vs l ?r45 ! !s; Anacondas, 10%. Silver was slightly
harder.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific. 101; Northern Pacific pre
ferred. 78: St. Paul. 127 7 *; Union Pacific pre
ferred; 76%; Grajvl Trunk. S', s ; Anaconda, 10**;
bar sliver quiet, 27V 1 . per ounce; money, I©l%
itpr rent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. .Tune 8 — FLOUR:- Receipts, 21,
--000 barrels: exports. 14.6Q0 barrels. Dull and
barely steady. Winter low grades. $2 15@2 35.
WHEAT— Receipts. 49.000 . bushels; exports.
4V:''V> bushels Sales 2.975,000 bushels futures i
and 422,000 bushels spot. Spot— Quiet: No. 2 red, !
S2%c spot and m arrive, f. o. b. afloat: No. 2 '
red. ■ >«.• elevator; No. l Northern Duluth. j
S2 T «c, f. o. b. afloat to arrive. Options opened
weak and lower, following unsatisfactory ca
bles. They experienced one or two subsequent
rallies on covering-, but were generally weak
all day under local liquidation. North and South
wept Belling orders. Inspired home crop news
end big spring wheat receipts. Closed weak
*< to V net decline. Sales Include,! No 2 red
July. 7:<"*'a\. V. closed SO^c; September 73 11-16
@ 80 Vie, closed SOc; December, 81c.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES Steady.
WOOL, Steady.
METALS— local metal market continues
In a lifeless condition with prices quite nom
inal. To-day buyers in many instances refused
! to rename former bids, while dealers refused
I to grant concessions. News from the English '
\ market and domestic primary points was not i
I radically different from expectations. At the
; close the Metal Exchange called:
PIGI RON— Warrants, quiet, at $18 50.
LAKE COPPER— DuII and nominal, at Jit 50.
i TIN Dull, at $25 45 bid and 125 55 asked.
j LEAD- Pull, with $4 45" bid and J4 50 asked. I
i SPELTER Dull and nominal, at $« 75
The brokers" price for lead is J4 25 and for ;
copper IIS SoQIS 60.
COFFEE— Options closed steady at 5 points |
lower. Sales. 12.260 bass, including: June,
•'< 75; July, }t 75; August J4 Sr"Bf4 S5: September.
t4 90; November, $5; December, $5 25; March,
$;> «5.
! Spot coffee— dull and easy. No. 7 In
| voice, 6%c; No. 8, <■•"■,■ Mild, inactive, about
I steady. Cordova, steady.
j SUGAR Strong, tending upward. Fair refin- '
ing. 4 3-l«c: centrifugal. 96 test, 4 11-16 c; molas
| ses sugar, 4 1-I<V. Refined, strong and active.
BUTTER — Receipts, MRS packages; firm. i
Western Creamery,. 15@18%c; factory, 11%@13V4c
EGGS- Receipts, 10.100 packages: firm. West-
I crn, 141J15c.
DRIED KRT'ITS.
NEW YORK. June X.— California dried fruits, i
I dull.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common. 7@Sc;
prime wire tray, BK@S%c; choice. S* t S9c; fancy,
. ■■•2.
APRICOTS- *Royal. 14514'4p; Moo'rpark, 14'r?
AfRICOTS Royal, '.rMr. . M rpark
1 Ivr -
PEACHES— Unpeeled, SUifnic.
! CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, July S.— Only for a Bhort time
j following the opening in wheat was that mar
j ket governed by the influences usually con- !
| trolling The opening was rather weak. Juiy i
; starting at 7.'.V' ■" i<\ compared with yester- !
I day's closing price of 75U,'f/75*,,c. Traders cvi- ,
, dently had in mind the greatly improved tone |
of domestic crop advices, especially as regards ;
j spring wheat, and considerable long wh»at was !
; thrown on the market during the first few i
! mn lutes' trading. This depressed July to 74* c, '■
: where a strong react resulted from tree ;
I covering by shorts and some investment buy- I
■ ing. following the posting of some European !
i crop reports, showing the condition in Rou
j mania and Ruse to be fully as serious as '
previously claimed. Before 11 o'clock the mar- j
ket had advanced to 7.V i/754e, the high point !
of the day. The beef was quite general that i
the forthcoming Government crop report would |
lie decidedly bearish. As the session wore on, I
this gradually overshadowed everything else,
longs were unwilling to hold wheat pending I
i the report, but found a great deal of difficulty j
! In disposing of the holdings, and the market !
! during the afternoon was a decidedly weak '
! one. July sold as low as 74 : -v and closed
at - ;7>.
Corn was rather slow, but steady, though I
not holding the best prices. July closed with i
a gain of •-' V«c. '
Oats were slow and barely steady, July !
closing '«■' lower.
: Provisions were dull and declined slightly all I
I around In consequence of lack of support. Hog i
j prices were lower and packers offer. moderate-
I ly. hut the demand was almost entirely lack
| Ing. At tue close July perk was 7V> cents !
lower, lard 2% cents lower arid ribs a shade
lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
•I"'!- 7:.' 4 754 74% 75 !
September 7'i'n 76<-« 7:. •,, "5%
December 76 7 i, 7K". 76' 4 764
Corn No. 2— -•
I July 33* 34 33:, 337,,
1 September 34 .Tt% 33 7 g 344
! December 83% 33^ 334 :.:\ !
'< Oats No. 2—
I July 234 23% 23% 23V,
September 20» 21 iii'tt 20%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
! July 820 S2O 8 174 8 17%
! September - 374 S 3714 *, 35 i 35
Lard, per 100 pounds
! July 5 02% 6 024 5 02% 6 024
September 515 5 174 •> 15 " 515
Short Ribs, per 160 pounds
July 465 4 674 465 4 f.7' 2
September 480 4SO 4 774 4 774
, cash quotations were as follows:
Flour. quiet; n.i 3 spring wheat, 7 ' '7, : ;&«r;
No. 2 red 7fi<3:77Vic: No. 2 corn. 33%f?>3»c; No- 2
! oats,- 2"'«2.Vv ■; 'No. 2 white, 2'.Ujc; No. 3 white,
j 27'i<J?29c; No. 2 rye, nominal. 56 : No. 2 barley,
36'q374c: No. 1 flax seed. $1 02; new winter.
$1 04; prime timothy seed, $2 30; mesa pork,
I per barrel. $7 25®8 20; lard, per 100 pounds,
j $4 874^5: short ribs sides (loose), $4 45<§4 75;
! dry Raited shoulders. 4V'-*V ; short clear sides
(boxed). $4 90«?5; whisky, distillers' finished
' goods, per gallon, }1 26
j Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 9,000 12.000
Wheat, bushels 10r,00fl 3.000
Corn, bushels 428,000 357,000
Oats. bushels 284. 000 401.000 :
Rye. bushels 4,000 700
Barley, bushels 9.000 4,000
i On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market w&« firm. Creameries, 134WlSc; Dai
ries. Ifygifir. Cheese, easy, 7-V';V 2 -. Eggs,
steady; fresh. 12c.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.'
Wheat— • . July. Sept
Opening 5 11 ' 4 6 s
Closing rill 1 * . 6s]
. PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— June. Sept.-Dee.
I Opening 20 30 20 75
I Closing 20 3.1 20 75
Flour
, Opening 43 60 28 20
• Closing 43 60 2S 30
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
j BOSTON, June B.— The. Earl Fruit Company's
sales of California fruit at auction to-day were
as follows: Peaches— Alexander, average $1 79.
Plums— flyman, average $1 57; St. Catherine,
average 51 54. Car grossed $1634.
NEW YORK, June B.— Apricots— Royal $1 55
(52 40, average $2 2<>. Plums— Clyman. 95c®
$1 70. average $1 22: Royal Hative. $I@l 15, |
averagft $1 10. Peaches— Alexander, 75c@~$l 60.
average $1 27; Briggs" May, $1 25. Cherries-
Royal Anne, $1 35<ai 85, average Si 47; Black
Oregon, 90c<S$l 65. average $1 32.
1 CHICAGO. June B.— Apricots— Royal. $1 srV@ i
I 2 05, average $1 92. Peachei" — Alexander, crates '
average $1.28; boxes, .'"ir'rfji 10, average {1 06. !
Clyman, 86cq)$1 45, average $1 17. Car
grossed $1350.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. June B.— CATTLE— There was no
Improvement to-day In the demand and prices
were no better during the morning. Later,
however, they stiffened up somewhat. Choice
grades of cattle sold at $5 iBQi 60. common to
medium grades. $4 35®5 05, and Tod Westerns
at U 60S* 80. Bulls, cows and heifers brought
THE SAN FTJANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. JI7NE 9, 1899.
| $2(??5 10 and calves $4 25Q 1 6 50. A few Texas
' steers were disposed of at $3 65@0 06. .:
HOGS— There was a fairly good demand, but
receipts were liberal and sales were mostly at
yesterday's late low figures. Heavy hogs sold
at $3 80@-a 90, mixed at 13 70fa8 90 and light
■ weights at $3 70<S3 90. Pigs brought $3 30@3 70
and culls $1 r.i>Q 3 60. Bulk of sa.lee were at
$3 80@3 87%.
; SHEEP— Greatly reduced receipts to-day im
! proved the tone of the market, and with a
fairly active demand prices were a little better.
Choice sheep sold at $4 6004 75, culls bringing
$2 50*i'3, rams ?3<g3 SO and ewes $3 20!?J3 75.
; Spring lambs brought J5 75@6. 60, Colorado
' wooled ■ lambs J5 7505 85 and clipped lambs
$3 50@5 50.
Receipts— Cattle, 7000; hogs, 30,000; sheep,
6000.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, June Clearings, $316,521; bal
ances, $67,978. .-: : ' : '
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. June S.— The' local market
shows but little change. Walla Walla can
Ft 111 be worked at fiXW.Wtjf and Valley at 59c,
but Bluestem Is not wanted at much or any
, thing over 60@61c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. June — It was a quiet day to-day
jln local wheat circles. Receipts were light
! and prices unchanged at 680 for (Tub, file for
; Bluestem.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. June- B.— Consols, 10SV4; silver,
27 U-16d; French rentes. 102f 10c; wheat cargoes
( off coa3t, nothing doing; cargoes on passage,
quiet and steady; English country markets,
quiet.
LIVERPOOL, June B.— WHEAT— Easy; wheat
in Part?, steady: flour In Paris, steady: French
'. country markets weak.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 7-16 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot No. 2 red Western winter,
Steady, 6s; No. 1 red Northern Duluth, steady,
6s 4%d. Futures, quiet; July, 6s ll'^d, Septem
ber, Gs.
CORN— Spot American mixed new, steady,
3s sd; old, 3s l\t\. Futures, steady; June, 3s
5V4d; July, 3s Mid; September, 3s 6d.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS, June B.— COTTON— Quiet
j and steady; middling. l\c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 B«V4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 SSVi
Sterling Cables — 490
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Mexican Dollars — 49143-50
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60Vi
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT News was less bullish yesterday.
The weather was reported seasonable for grow
ing crops." Winter Wheat maintained Its con
dition and the spring outlook was more assur
ing. The condition of Indiana was placed at
50, with an estimated crop of 19,400,000 bushels.
Though there was not much Wheat pressing
Bt Chicago the crowd was bearish. Liverpool
and the Continent accepted offers of the day
before and bid for more. Later In the day
Cudahy and Dobson became large sellers, which
caused a break. The expected Government re
port made holders liquidate. The French crop
was reported only moderate, and the Russian
crop outlook was said to be disheartening.
I^oca] futures fell back, but afterward re
covered. Spot prices were unchanged
Spot Shipping, $1 07^@l 10; milling.
; $1 12H@1 13->*.
CALL HOARD SALES.
Informal Session —9:15 o'clock — December—
; 22.000 rtls, (1 IS: 12,000, $1 17%.
Second Session — ember- IS.OOO ctls. $117
10.000. ,«1 17%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2ooo ctls
$1 1-. 6000, $1 18V6.
Afternoon Session — December — 16.000 ctls
$1 1&%.
BARLEY— New Feed Is bringing $l<gl 02-.
Old sells up to $1 06',;. The market Is quiet
Feed, $l(fflf«Vi: Brewing, $1 O7H'SI 10 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No rales.
Second Session No, sales
Regular Morning Session— Seller '99 new— 2ooo
ctls. f>6c; 2000 86Hc; WO, 86% c.
Afternoon Session— December— 2ooo; ctls, S9%c.
OATS Stocks are so light that business Is of
a peddling character. Prices are unchanged.
Fancy Feed, II 47^i$(l 50 per ctl: good to
choice. $1 -t^V'il »7V4; common. $1 32H01 40;
Surprise, Jl 50&1 55: ''-ray. $1 350145; Milling.
51 45'< xl £.0 per ctl; Red. $1 S5«?l 40; Black. SI M
<gl '(24.
CORN—
Small round Yellow. $1 30®l : 1 : 1 -. Eastern
large Yellow. $1 IS*: White. $1 15®] 174;
mixed, SI lo per tl; California White, nominal
RYE— 97V4c<ffsl "24 p« r 1 tl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR California family extras, $2 6<vq3 75,
usi:al terms bakers' extras. $3 4Cff3 50; Oregon
and Washington. $3 40@3 45 per barrel for extra,
53 2J&3 40 for bakers' and ?:' 20<y2 50 for super
line.
MILLSTT'FFS— Prices in eacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per ICO lbs: Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. f2 50; Rice "lour, $7; Cornmeal, <2 50; ex
tra cream Cornmeal, J.i 25: Oatmeal, $4 5004 75;
Oat Groats, M 75: Hominy, $3 2503 50: Buck
wheat Flour, $4/4 2i: Cracked Wheat, $3-75;
Farina, 54 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 BO; Rolled
Oats (barrels), JO 5396 95; In Backs, $6 354}6 75
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas
$5 per UK) lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Receipts of Hay were heavier again, being
513 tons. The market was quiet and unchanged.
Bran arid Middlings continued firm at the old
quotations.
BRAN— «I6 60®17 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— *!>-ii2o per ton
FEEDSTUFFS Rolled Barley, J23©24 p<-r
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. 12:.®2« 50; job
bing. $27 50; Cocoanut Cake, $21@22; Cornmeal
$23 50<§24 50; Cracked Corn, $24@25: Mixed
Feed, 'r pl 6; Cottonseed Meal. J24'&26 per ton.
OLD HAY— Wheat, $1001150 for good to
choice and $B@9 50 for lower grades; Wheat and
Oat, $R<fii'iso: Oat, J7@9 50; Barley. ?S^S; Al
falfa, ?5(57.
NEW Wheat. $7 .'.OSS 50; Wild Oat, $6
mi; Alfalfa, $4 60(^6 50 per ton.
STRAW— K©£oc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
There is nothing new to report.
BEANS Bayos, $1 40@l 60; Small White. $2
92 15; Large White, $1 65©1 65; Pinks. $1 SO®
1 90; Reds. $2 35; Blackeye, $4@415; Butters
nominal; Lima?. $3 90@4; Peas, $2'a2 35; Red
Kidneys. ?2 6092 70 -per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 2»4ig3c: Flax, nominal; Canary Seed,
2*ic per lb; Alfalfa. SH'SS^c; Rape, 3@3Hc:
Hemp •)■., -U4'.,.': Timothy. 4* 4 S'5Uc.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 50@l 90; Green, $1 75
@2 25 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
There was a further decline in Potatoes, ow-
Inp to larger receipts. Onions were unchaiißed.
Lower prices prevailed for String; Beans.
Otherwise the Vegetable market stood about
the same.
' POTATOES— New Early Rose, in boxes, $1 25
(a 150; Burbanks, $1 6091 75 per <-tl on th«
wharf.
ONIONS— New, 25@35c per sack for red.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus. 75c®$l 60 per box
for No. 2. $1 75i!T2 25 for No. 1 and $2 50 for
fan"}; Rhubarb. fisc<ffsl 2". per box: Green Peas.
lH©2V4c per lb; String Beans. I'iffnc for Green
and 3Tise for Golden Wax; Horse Benns. 50c
per sack: Cabbage, Va\ 15; Tomatoes. {l 50®
L' 2"' per box; Mexican Tomatoes. ; Eps:
Plant, per lb; Garlic. 4^sc for new; Dried
Okra, '■"•■ per lb; Dried Peppers, 10c; Green
Peppers, 10®15c; Carrots, 30@40c per pack: Sac
ramento and Mnrysvllle Cucumbers. $1 7552 per
box; Summer Squash. 40075 c per box for Vaca
ville and $1 2?@l 50 for Bay; Green Corn, 25Q
40c per dozen.
POULTRY AND GAME.
As no more Eastern Is expected this week,
the market is rather firmer, except for young
stock, which continues comparatively cheap.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys. 14<gl0c- for Gob
blers and 14(ffl6c for Hens; ynung Turkeys, 18c;
Geese, per pair. U 25@1 60: Goslines. $1 25fpl Mi-
Ducks, |4@5 for old and $4 50*37 for young;'
Hens, $*?!?. young Roosters. $7^S; old Roost
ers. $3 50@6; Fryers, Js(fj6; Broilers, $3 50
'd\ 60 for large. $293 for small; Pigeons, $1 so
(fi2 per dozen for old and $1 50@2 for Squabs.
GAME Nominal.
BUTTER. CHEESE aND EGGS. •
While sellers are getting the Improved quota
tions for Butter, the market Is amply supplied
for all current needs and lacks snap. Dealers
are of the opinion that a reaction will be seen
in a few days.
Kegs are steady at the advance already noted.
There is no further decline in Cheese and the
demand is pretty good.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 18^@19c: seconds.
17H®lSc-
Dairy— Fancy. 17*?17'*>e: good to choice, 153
16^c: store. 13@14c per. lb.
•CHEESE— mild new. 8«?RUc: old. 7^.0:
Young America. 9^?10c; Eastern, 13@15c.
EGGS— Quoted at 17®lSc for store and 19@20c
per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 16@18c.
DECIDUOUS AND- CITRUS FRUITS.
The canners are actively canvassing the State
for Bartlett Pears and are paying as high as
$45 per ton for choice fruit.
Peaches, Apples, Pears and Plums are com
ing in freely, but a good demand keeps prices
fairly maintained. ■ Supplies of Apricots are not
very heavy, but poor stock is dragging some,
what.
Berries continue to sell well. -' Gooseberries
are scarce and higher. Another advance in
Lemons Is noted. Otherwise there is no change
In Citrus Fruits.
Cantaloupes have come in from Yuma.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
New Apples, 25©50 c per small and 75c@$l 25
per. large box and 30®40c per basket.
BERRlES— Gooseberries, 40$' per drawer
and Vgbe per lh in. bulk; Blackberries, $10 per
chest; from Fresno. $1^125 per crate: from
Newcastle. $l<£il 25; Strawberries, $f>@B per chest
for small and $3(tfs for large berries and $9@lo
for second crop Long worths; Raspberries, $6
©9 per chest; Newcastle Raspberries, $1 23 per
crate; Logan Berries, $6(57 per chest.
Currants, J3t.i4.75 per chest.
Cherries, 50c®$l per box for black; Royal i
Anne, 7.".c051; black, in bulk, 7@Bc; white. $4@6c
! per lb; Royal Anne, S(s9c; cracked Cherries.
2H@sc
Green Pears. 2. r .@600 per box and 256 35c per
basket.
Figs, $2 per box for black «nd 25@50c for
white.
Apricots, 60c^$l per box and 40(S'75c per basket
for Royals.
Peaches, 36(ff!>Oc per box and 35@60<! per bas
ket
Plums. 35e(g$l per box.
Cherry Plums 25!?f40c per drawer.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $2 50@4
per box; Seedlings, $1 25<J?2 25; Mediterranean
Sweets. $2<§3; Lemons. $I@l 60 for common
and «2'ff: : i for good to choice; Mexican Limes, $4
iff 4 50; California Limes. per small box;
Grape Fruit, 50cig$l: Bananas, $1 f>oi7 2 50 per
bunch; Pinenpplep, $2(53 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
Buyers are slow In talking about new Peaches
and Apricots, though the drying time is close
at hand. Nothing Is heard about Prunes.
DRIED FRUITS— Prunes, 7c for 40-50' s, 5®
s',£c for 50-60' s, 4Q.4«4C for 60-70' B, 3V«3\c for
70-80' s, :\ ... for 80-90' 2H@2%c tor 90-100's
and 2@'2>«c (or 100-110's; Peaches, sVnDVic for
good to choice, lOiglOVic for fancy and 14*5 15 c
for peeled: Apricots, 12V2!jil3c for Royals -and
14@15c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 9,2©
10c; sun dried, out; Black Figs, out; Plums,
nominal, IV-c for unpitted and 4\a«/6c for pitted;
Pears, 3@9c, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— S^c for two-crown. 4%c for three- j
Crown, s^c for four-crown, 4Vi'36o for Seedless !
Sultanas, 3Vic for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London layers; Dried Grapes, 2»i(S:3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 7c per Ib; Walnuts. s@Sc
for hardshell. 10®llC for softshell; Almonds, 8@
. 9c for hardshell. 12@13c for softshell, 14@16c for
paperehell; Peanuts, 6®7c for Eastern and 4>,i®
6c for California; CocoanutS, $4 5005.
HONEY— Comb, 10@llC for bright and B@9c
for lower grades; water white extracted, 7i;@
7V4c; light amber extracted, "c; dark, s@s*4c
i per lb.
I BEESWAX— 2S@27c per IT).
PROVISIONS.
Some dealers are quoting an advance for
Hams, which are still active and firm.
. CURED MEATS — Bacon, 8c per n> for heavy.
hVc.'c for light medium, 10%<gllc for light, 12c
for extra light and 12 1 /4®l3c for sugar c^red;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, llife@l2c; California '
Hams. lo^c: Mess Beef, $13 per bbl; extra
Mess Beef, 114; Family Beef, $15015 50; extra
prime Pork, fl2 BO; extra clear, {16 50; mess,
*154j 15 50; Smoked Beef. 12c per Ib.
LA RD— Tierces quoted at 5%@5%c per Ib for
compound and 7Vfi7Vic for pure; half barrels,
pure, I%c; 10-th tins, B' c; 5-tt) tins, s-., .
COTTOLENE — Tierces, 6%®6%c; packages,
less than 3uO lbs, 1-lti pails, 60 in a case. 9V2C;
3 I. pails, 20 In a case, $%c; 5-Ib palls, 12 In a
case, BHc; l '-n> palls, 6 in a case, *- :I v, 50-tlj
tins I or 2 in a case, 7"sc: wooden buckets, 20
lbs net. ■■.<•: fancy tubs. SO lbs net, "'/fee; Ualf
barreK about 110 lbs, 7%C.
HIDES. TALLOW. WOOL, AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about li 1 under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, lie; medium. 10c; light, 9Hc; Cowhides,
:<»•...-. Stags, *■>'-.•'■; Salted Kip, 9%c; Calf, 10c;
dry Hides, Bound, 17c; culls and brands, .13c;
dry Ki:i and Veal. 16® 15 We; dry Calf, I.e.
Sheepskins. shearlings. 20@35c each; short
Wool, 30@50c each; medium. 75c; long Wool,
90c@$l 2! each; Horse Elides, salt, i 2r (i- 50 for
large and $1 for small; Colts, 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4 ii'. 4 c per !t>; No.
2, S'gS^c; refined, ; grease, 2c.
WOOL — .Spring Clips — San Joanuln and
Southerns, 7 months. l'u'-<<~. Foothill and North
ern free, ll@l3V4c; Foothill and Northern de
fective, 9@llc; Nevada, 10@13c; San Joaquin
Foothill free. 9©llc; do defective, 7@9c; Hum
boldt and M«ndocino, I 7.''. IK<-; Eastern Oregon,
IKSI.V for choice and Of/ lie for fair to good.
HOPS 1898 crop. lOSllc per It* for ordinary,
12@12%c for good and 13Q15C for choice to
■ fancy from • first hands.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain ■ Bags, 6%1@J6%c for
June and July; Wool Bags, 2C'g2Bc; San" Quentin
Bags, »4 95.
COAL— Wellington, $5 per ton: New Welling
ton, $S: Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle, $6;
Bryant. 16; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, J7 50; \
Scctch. $8; Cumberland, $8 50 In bulk and $9 50 ;
in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Kgg, in.
Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
, Gate, J7 «0; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14
in sacks.
Sl'GAß— The Western' Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms.net cash, in 100-lb bogs:
[ Cubes, A Crushed and Fin* Crushed, u^r.;
Powdered; .'j^c; Candy Granulated, 5%c; Dry
Granulated, sVic; Confectioners' A. s>.«c; Cali
fornia A, sc; Magnolia A, 4%c; Extra C, 4\c;
Golden C, 4%c; barrels, l-16c more; half barrels,
Vie more; boxes, '•fee more; 50-lb bags, He more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent.
COFFEE circular of c. E. Bickford
gives the receipts at this port thus far this
year at 133,7)39 bags, against 99,235 during the
same tlmp last year. The sales from first hands
weie 75,579 bags, against 68,220. The stock in
first hands June l was 58.546 bags, again I 32,
--149 last year. The world's visible supply June
1 was 6,261,1 : bags, against 5, 475,022. The cir
cular says: "The extraordinarily heavy ar
rivals', 44,707 bags .since May 13, have naturally
had a depressing effect, and prices are lower
for all Coffees. The decline has not been an
: even one. In unwashed Salvador and the cheap
est qualities of other kinds, the drop hat been
fractional only — say from '^'iV. In fair to good
washed from Vi^l'". while higher grades have
sold so sparingly, and the sales show so much !
irregularity, comparing price with quality, that
It is impossible to furnish accurate quotations
It is sal ■ to say. however, the decline in these
will prove relatively greater, possibly from l@2c
per pound In all. Recent large deliveries of
unwashed Salvador, sold in advance of arrival
as noted In the appended list, have completely
supplied the temporary requirements of Jobber?
and quotations are nominally steady at "Vi .
7%c, but without business. Taking Into con
sideration the deliveries on contracts made 'to.
arrive." business has been of full proportions
during the month, and dealers still seprn will
ing to buy freely of the lowest priced sorts,
often in advance of legitimate needs. Brazil
Coffees in New York have again turned easier,
being 140% C lower than on May 7. To-day's
first hand stock consists of 10.152 bags Costa
Rica. 161 Nicaragua. 21,536 Salvador. 20.358
Guatemala and 1337 Mexican, In all 56,604 bags,
.as against 26,944 on May 7 last and 36,408 bags
June 7. IS9S."
We quote: Costa Rica— l3%@lsc for prime
washed; 12V for good washed; 11',.;, ic...
for good to prime washed peaberry; 10@llc for
good peaberry; 10®12c for good to prime; 9tf>9',»>e
nominal for good current mixed with black
beans; Ri^Ho for fair; .".'■-.-HTc for common to
ordinary- Salvador— !"'<7l2c for good to prime
washed; B®9%c for fair washed; 10'4(ffllijc for
good to prime washed peabprry: 7%^fßc for su
perior unwashed; 7%@7ttc for good green un
was)iefl; 9@9V4c|for good to prime unwashed
pen berry. Nicaragua— 7W@Bc nominal for good
to superior unwashed; 9®9Vic nominal for good
to prime, unwashed peabprry. Guatemala and
Mexican— l4<!s l6c for primp to fancy washed;
I*i 12c for good to strictly good washed; 7\ ■
10c for fair washed; 6 : >;:37 l <>c for medium; 6©
6V4c for inferior to ordinary: 10(filli^c for good
to prime washed peaberry; 9!?(9'4c for good un
washed peaberry; 7%ii?Sc for good to superior
unwashed.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs continue steady. Veal shows some im
provement again. No other changes.
Wholesale rates from- slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7>4<JiSc per lh for Steers and 6&@-7c
for rows.
VEAL— per lb.
MUTTON -Wethers. 7/f?7^c: Ewes, 7c per lb
LAMB— Spring. 7V4@Bc per lb
PORK— Live Hogs. KUf?s%c for small. «\irt
r.TiP for medium and s<@6V&c for lnrge; stock
Hogs and Feeders. 4%ff2T,c; dressed Hogs, 7-S-d^c.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Thursday, June S.
Flour, qr sks 14. 1 1 Shorts, ska 277
Wheat, ctls 60.R5.-i Hay, tons ?"•
Barley, ctls 205 raw. tons I
Corn, ctls 15 Wool, bales 3.,
Butter, ctls • 224 Pelts, bdls 3,331
Cheese, ctls 207 Hides, No. 744
Tallow, ctls 221 Eggs, doz 14.340
s Potatoes, sks 2,890 Quicksilver, flks. 155
Onions, sks ; 480 Leather, rolls 195
Bran, Fks 400 Wine, gals - 30,650
Middlings, sks... 1.25S
OREGON.
Wool, bales ' 2
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 600 ',;. ';.*'
THE STOCK MARKET.
About the only changes In securities on \.he
morning session were an advance in Hawaiian
Commercial to $100 and In Market Street Rail
way to $«l.
On the afternoon call Kilauea Plantation ad
vanced to $30 75 ' and Giant Powder to. $75 50.
Business was not over brisk.
.There was no particular change in mining
stocks, though there was a weaker feeling
owing to the demand of the Miners" Union that
the electricians working underground on the
Comstock become members of the union. The
Pumping Association has invited a committee
of the union to meet It in. this city and discuss
the matter. The telegram from the pump said:
"We shut down the elevator for three hours
last night and found that' the Water rose very
'rapidly. Started the elevator again and it is
now running continuously. The water I.* 25
feet below the 1950-foot level. A large stream
of water Is still running from the 1950-foot
level Into the shaft."
The Reddlk Gravel Mining Company of Ne
vada County has levied an assessment of 5 i
cents per share, delinquent June 13.
The letter from the Justice mine says: On
the 370-foot level the upraise from the old west
crosscut is advanced 14 feet, following the ore
mentioned in the last weekly report. This
streak continues of the same width and assay
value as at the date of that- report. West
crosscut No. 1, from the station, was advanced
j 13 feet,- making its total distance 171 feet from
i the station. The face is In porphyry. During
I the week we milled 13] tons and 1850 pounds of
ore. The average car sample assay of the ore
I sent to the mill was: Gold, $12 2S; silver, 5.5
ounces: total. $15 57 per ton.
Further mining dividends for June are as fol
lows: Charleston, S. C, $20,000. June 1; Osceola
Copper of Michigan, $279,000, June 15: Republic
of Washington. $31,250, June 15; Tamarack Cop
per of Michigan, $240,000, June 27. The Golden
Star mine of Ontario, Canada, will pay a divi
j dend of $11,000 on July 1, making $41,000 to that
date, all for this year.
.Mining dividends' paid in May were as fol
lows:
Mme — Amount.
Anaconda Copper $1,300,000
Argonaut 20,000
Boston and Montana '. 900,(«~i0
1?ullion-Beck and Champion 10,000
Centennlal-Eureka 15.000
central Lead 6,000
Deer Trail No. 2 2,600
Doe Hun... 2,500
Dp Umar 48,000
Empire 50.000
Empire State .\ 20,000
Garneld 12,000
Gold Coin 10,000
Golden Cycle i 5.000
Gold King 201000
Gwin 6,000
Grand central 87.500
Highland 20,000
Homestake 62,500
i Ltllle 12,500
Modoc 10.000
Montana Ore Purchasing Company 80,000
Morning Star 6,000
Mount Shasta Limited 6,000
New York and Honduras Rosarlo 15,000
Parrot Copper 345,000
Pennsylvania 2,575
Portland 150,000
Quicksilver, Almaden 21,500
Silver King 50,000
Standard 17,001
Swansea 5/00
Tomboy ;,... 000
War Eagle 26,250
Yellow Aster 10,000
Total $5,411,325
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. June B—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid Ask:
Bonds— . Mutual El Co. 14% —
If quar c0up.. 114 — Oakland Gas.. 4.v 48
is quar reg... — — p ac Gas Imp.. 624 —
4s quar new..l2S'/il3o • Pan LCo — 45
5s quar coup. .loß — SF G & E.... 62V; —
Miscellaneous— San Fran 3}» 3«i
Cal-st Cab ss. 117 - Stockton Gas. 12 —
? C Wat a 5...." — U*% | Insurance—
E L & P 6g..13l 132 Firem's Fund.22o —
F & Cl Ry 65.115H — Bank. Stocks—
Geary-st R ss. 90 93 'AngJo-Cal .... — 65U
HC & S 5>45..102'/r - Bank of Ca1..264 —
L A Ry 55....10T 103 1 Cal S D & T. — 99
L, A LCo 65.. 101 4 - 'First Natior.l 220 —
Do gntd 68.101',^ — Lon P & A.... — 132
LAI- Co 55... 100 — Mer Exchange— IS
Market-et At* -- Nev Nat Bk. — 190
Do Ist M 58.117 117% Savings Banks—
rs CX O H 7s. 106 — Ger S & L..1600 1650
X K> Cal 65.. 116 117 Hum S & L.1050 1160
NR of Cal 55.113 Vi - • Mutual Say. 35 41%
Nl*c R X 6s. — 10» S F Say U.. 500 —
NPC It R 58.106 — 8 & \j So.. — SS
•- Cal It R 55. 11 l — Security SB— 300
Oak Gas ..11l — Union X Co. — 1465
Om C Ry 6*.. 127 130 Street Railroads—
!1' & Cl Ry 65.107 103 California ....US —
I' (i- O6s 117 — Geary 50 —
Powell-st 6a... — 122 Vi 'Market 6O',i 60%
Sac El Ry ss. — — |Oak S L 4 H — —
5F & X P 55. 116 116.* Presidio — 16
5 F * s JVSs.lH'^llo .' Powder—
Herraß Cal 65.108H — ; California .... — 175
B P of A «5..11.r-i — k Dynamite... 87% — ■
SPC Sb (UOr.) - 113 4 Giant Con Co. 75 7,".'±
5P C 'Is (1906) — — Vigorit 3% 3V4
3PC 6s (1912; — — Sugar—
SPC la < -,- ss. 1"4 4 - liana P C 0.... 17', 17% '
S P Hr 6s 124 — Haw c&SC. 99 104V4
S V Wat 6s...liti -> Hutch S P Co. 33 —
1 3 V Wat 4s...lO4'ilO4*iiKilauea S Co. 30% 31^ ■
S V W45(3dm).101%102 jOnomea S Co. 3:<\ 40*,
Stktn Gas 65..102 Vi — Paauhau S P. 333* 4U
Water Stocks- Miscellaneous—
Contra Costa.. 69% 70 Al Pac Assn. .ll2 —
Mann Co .. .. Mi - o.er Ld \Vks..2su —
Spring Valley. lO]-^ — Mer Ex Assn. SO _
lias and Electric— Oceanic S Co. S3>4 BSI2
Capital Gas... — — j-ac A F A.... 2,, ihk
Central G Co.. — — Pac C Bor C 0.125. 125 —
Cent L & P.. — 7 Par Paint Co.. ty, —
Equtt G L Co. :.i, 4 5V4
■ Morning Session.
Board—
10 Alaska Packers' Assri 11175
2.*» Alaska Packers' Assn 112 CO
50 Contra Ccsta Water d:> S7V£
10 Giant Powder Con 71 50
40 Giant Powder Con ■ 717'
; 11.') liana Plantation Co 17 50
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 100 00
N Hutch lnson S 1' Co .; 33 00
10 Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co 29 00
35 Market Street Railway 61 00
$3000 Market St Ry Con 5 per cent 1id5. .117 00
100 Mutual Electric Light 15 00
10 Oceanic 5 S Co 84 25
10 Oceanic 8 s Co S4 03
50 Onomea Sugar Co 33 g7U
50 Paauhau S P Co 39 75
1 80 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 62 25
Streft—
! V*l Fireman's Fund Ins -..222 SO
'■' fiana Plantation Co. b 15 17:.
$10,000 Market St R R Con 5 per ct bds.ll7 00
Afternoon Session
Board—
10 Alaska Packers' Asfn, s 5 112 CC
! 350 Equitable Gas 1 550
50 Equitable Gas : 5 25
10 Giant Powder Con 75 25
5 Giant Powder Con To 50
40 Giant Powder Con, s 90. 75 2;,
5 Hutchinson S P Co ". • 33 (i!S
25 Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co 23 00
35 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 23 50
15 Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co 30 00
15 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 30 75
$1000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent bonds 107 25
31 Market Street Railway 6100
10 Mutual Electric Light 1475
125 Oceanic B S Co S3 50
! 200 Paauhau S P Co 39 7:,
10 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 62 50
10 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 62 25
1" Spring Valley Water IB] 3714
10 Spring Valley Water 101 50
Street—
$5000 Market St Ry Ist Con 5 per ct bds.ll7 00 ;
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board— .
rr> Mutual Electric Light 14 S7'4
50 Harm Plantation Co 1750 j
25 Hutchinson S P Co 33 on
$500 IT 8 3 per cent bonds JOS 50
50 Paauhau s P Co .: 33 73
Afternoon Session.
Board—
25 Market Street Railway 61 00
M).HutchlnFon S I' Co 3:; 00
20 Spring Valley Water 10150
200 Vigorit Powder 325
20 Contra Costa Water 69 75
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
50 Alaska Packers' Arsn 112 3714
20 Contra Costa Water 70 I2'*j
50 Equitable Gas S'B7Vi
25 Equitable (ins 6 nil
2."> Hutehlnson S P Co , 33 00
too Vigprit Powder — : 325
Afternoon Session.
Board-
So liana Plantation Co 17 50
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar .....100 00
40 Hut'hinson S P Co 33 00
20 Market Street Railway 60 25
45 Market Street Railway 60 12V^
13 Oakland Gas 4:, 00
20 Oceanic S S Co 84 00
MINING. STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
. Morning Session.
son Belcher 39 inn Sierra Nevada. 70
300 Con Cal & Va.l 70 200 Sierra Nevada. 71
100 Crown Point... 29 l | l» Union Con 42
50 Mexican 54! 500 Yellow Jacket. 41
100 Overman if. ■
Afternoon Session.
300 Alta Ob 300 Overman 21
50 Caledonia S3 100 Overman 22
200 Challenge 4<> 400 Potosi 4.1
100 Crown Point... 30 200 Savage .: 23
100 Crown Point... 23 200 Seg Belcher 09
IOC Gould ft Curry 28 200 Yellow Jacket. 43
100 ( 'phlr 1 10
I Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
i Board yesterday:
.•;..■-. Morning Session. '
i 200 Caledonia 75 200 Overman : 20
I 500 Con Cal <<• V...1 70 200 Potosi 42
200 Con Cal & V.I 72V!. 200 Potosi 43
500 Con New York. 02 200 Sierra Nevada. 70
500 Crown Point... 30 150 Sierra Nevada. 71
150 Hale & Norcrs 37" 200 Utah 16
300 Mexican 52. 200 Yellow Jacket. 41
200 Ophir 1 12 ; 4nn Yellow Jacket. 42
Afternoon Session.
300 Belcher  40 100 Ophir 1 12-4
200 Caledonia M 400 Overman ... oj)
8(10 Chollar 31 300 Overman .. •>•>
i 400 Con Cal & Va.l 70 lono Seg Belcher " 09
700 Crown Point... 301 250 Sierra Nevada 70
200 Crown Point... 2.) 1 300 Utah 16
500 Justice IS 1 600 Yellow Jacket 42
200 Mexican 54' 500 Yellow Jacket. 43
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY; June S— ♦ p. m
• BUI. Ask. Bid. Ask
Alpha OS 06 Kentuck 06 OR
j Alta ;. 05 07 Lady Wash .... 01 02
Andes 13 H Mexican 53 55
; Belcher 39 40 Occidental 30 '-1
j Best & Belcher 49 51 Ophir 1101 15
I Bullion 07 OS Overman 22 '3
Caledonia S4 85 Potosi '. 40 40
Chollar 30 31 Savage 24 26
Challenge Con. 39 40 Scorpion _ 03
Confidence ...:.l 05 115 Belcher .... OS 09
Con Cal & Va.l 65 170 Sierra Nevada. 70 72
Con Imperial... 01 .02 Silver Hill .... 02 03
Crown Point... 2!) 30 Syndicate ...... — 05
Con New York. — 02 Standard ..■ 240
Exchequer 02 03 5 1 Louis ■. .. 12
Gould & Curry 27 29 Union Con 42 43
Hale & Norcrs 36 37 Utah 15 17
Julia 02 — fellow Jacket.. 41 42
Justice *19 20
-
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Frederick G. and Frank L. Blinn to Faustina
H. Paulln, lot on N line of Ellis street, Ui2:fi
W of Franklin, W 52:6 by N 137:6, quitclaim
deed; $f,.
Adam and Margaret Gauch to Nicholas
Prost, lot on W line of Buchanan street, 112:6
N of Fulton, N 25 by W S7:fi; $;..
Edward R. and Judith <". Stettinius to Ed
ward and Bertha Ehrhorn, lot on N line of
Lombard street, lift E of Fillmore, E 27:6 by N
112:6; $10.
Thomas F. and Hannah H. Northey to Min
nie N. ■\Yellbanks and I^ena N. Northon, lot .>n
S line of Eddy street. 30 E of Devisadero. E
30 by S 137:6; «rant.
Patrick Kinp to Kate King, lot on N line of
Ellis street. 30 YV of Scott, W 30 by N 75;
gift.
Anna and Gottfried Raisch to David Reidler,
lot on N line of Grove street, 150 \V of Rrod
erick. W SO by N 137:6; $10.
• "harles H. Amey to Joseph Friedlander, lot
on X line of Stanyan street, 25 S of Beulah. S
2~< by E 106:3; $10.
Florence K. Frisbee to Nels S. Nelson and
Louis Stevenson, lot on E line of Noe street,
27:0 N of Henry, N 2.". by E 105; $10.
Sophie Meyer (widow) to Charles and Bertha
Oberfeld, lot on N\V corner of Twenty-ninth
and Noe streets. N 26:6 by W 106; $t".
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Sarah Lan
san lot on E line of Vermont street. SO N ot
Twenty-fifth (Yolo), N 25 by E 100; 110.
Antoine and Grade Porel to Martin Kelly,
lot on E line of Twelfth avenue, 200 N of Cali
fornia. N 25 by E 120; $10.
Wlllard V and Marie 1,. HuntinKton to
Thomas A. Mdntyre. lot on W line of Ninth
avenue 150 S of B street, S 25 by W 120; $10.
Kiiza J. Coombs to Henry Northrup, lot (.n
W line ot Twenty-aeventh avenue, 150 N of M
; street. N 75 by W 120; $10.
Samuel Weilheimer to Alfred Wellheimer, lot
258, Gift Map 1: gift.
Builders' Contracts.
Jennie E. Strauss (owner) with W\ R. Kenny
(contractor), architect A. J. Rarnett— All w..rk
for a l-story frame building on SE corner of
Eighteenth ami Stanyan streets, E 108:8, S 2.".,
. YV 108:7, N 25:1; $1600.
William Rotrosky i owner) with Philip Rive
! dontractor and architect)— All work, owner to
| furnish mantels, tilinß, marble in vestibule, pas
; fixtures, shades, r'Aintinß, plasterinK, fflass and
electric wiring for a 2-story, basement and
attic frame building: (two flats) on S line of
Turk street, 110 E of Webster, S 137:6 by 27:6;
$4231.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the I'nited States Hydrographlo
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, ,■
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
j'ree of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for uomparlson and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
cf Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street. Is hol6ted
nb(sot ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the I'nited States Naval
Observatory. Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error. If any. Is published
In the morning papers the following day.
C. G. CALKINS,
T,'eutennnt Commander, V S. N.. In charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front ( Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
'hp height of tld* is the same at both places.
FRIDAY, JUNE 9.
Sun rises. 4:47
Sun sets 7:31
Moon sets 8:56 p." m.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
Inst tide of the day. except when there are hut
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus p|Rn(— ) precedes the height,
nnd then the number sriven Is subtracted from
the depth glv«-n by the charts. The plane of
referenc» is th<> m°nn of th» lnwor low waters.
TIME SALT.
Branch. Hydroeraphlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
■ '•hunt"" Fxchanfte, San Francisco, Cal.,
June R. 189?.
The time ball on the tower of. the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. c.. at noon of the 12"th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
T.'pufenxnt Comp->nniler. TI. P. X.. In rha r?e.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARTUVEP
Thursday; Juno R.
Ptmr Gipsy, I>land, IS hours from Monte
rey, etc.
Stmr Navarro, Hipgins. 36 hours from Ven
tura.
B Btmr Noyn< Jnhnf!On ' ]R hours from Fort
Stmr South Coaat, Zaddart. 38 hours fmm
San Pedro.
Stmr Aleatraz. Carlson, 43 hours from New
port (I). ■ ■-.-. --..-'
Stmr Columbia. Green, .45 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 39 hours
Br bark Wynford. Cutler. 184 days from Ham
burp, via Antwerp 145 days.
S?hr Ida Schnauer, Sorenson. 9 days from
\\ ha com.
Schr Otillie Fjord. Segrelhorst. 23 days from
Honolulu.
CLEARED.
_ „ ' Thursday, June 8.
Ptmr North Fork, Bash, Eureka; Chas Nel
son.
Stmr Czarina. Seaman, Seattle; E T Kruse
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, Eureka: GoodaH.
Perkins & Co.
T, Ptmr City eof Sydney. Pillshurv. Panama;
Pacific Mail Steamship Co. '
Stmr Cdos Bay, Hall. San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co . .
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond. Nanaimo; R
Dunsmuir Sons' Co. ';'.■
Br hark Ztnita. lyawton, Queenstoivn; Glrvin
& Eyre.
Bktn S G Wilder, Jackson. Honolulu; Wil
liams, nimond & To.
SAILED.
Thursday, June S.
Ptmr rieone, Hlffjtins. Caspar.
Ptmr George Loomis, BridKett,
Stmr City of Sydney. Plllshurj-. Panama and
way sorta.
Stmr North Fork. Bash. Eureka.
Stmr Navarro. HigKlns. .
Ptmr Aloha. .lorpenson. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Sootia, I,undquist, .
Ptmr Bequola. Thwtng. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Si.uth <'oa;=t. Zaddart.- — .
Stmr Pomona. Parsons. Eureka.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund. — — .
Stmr Washtenaw. Crosrup. Tacoma.
T S stmr Hugh MrCulloch. Coulson. .
Jap war stmr Hlyei. Nakayama. San Diego.
Ge r stmr Tai Fu. Schuldt, Portland.
Nor stmr Tltania. Egenes, Nanaimo.
Ship C F Sargent, Haskell. Seattle.
Bktn p G Wilder. Jaskson. Honolulu.
S^hr Five Brothers. Jensen. — — •.
Schr Mary C, Matsen, Fort Ross.
Schr North Bend. Palmgxen, Wlllapa Harbor.
Schr Berwick. Ostltn.' .
Schr Archie and Fontie. Johannsen, Stewarts
Point.
Schr Ocean Spray. Nyman. Iversens Landing.
Schr .1 G Wall, rnstrom, Eureka,
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, June 8, 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind SW; velocity 12 miles. *
CHARTERS. M
The Annie Johnson loads mdse for Hilo. *
The Centesima is chartered tor wheat to Eu
rope. 2Sa 3d; -if for new crop loading 30s.
The Prompt loads lumber at Port Gamble for
Hamburg.
• . SPOKEN.
April i:.. lat 5 S. long 29 W— Br ship Claver
don, from Swansea, for Kan Francisco.
May 16, lat 15 N. loijg 28 W— Fr bark Bour
baki. from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRAYS HARBOR— June 4-Srhr Vo
lant, hence May 24.
REDONDO— Arrived June S-Stmr Rival fm
Fort Bragg.
CRESCENT Passed out June S— Schr Vxr P t
Bior, from Port Blftkeley, for Newport
SAN PEDRO— Arrived June B— Stmr Rival
from Redondo. ' •
Bailed June S— Schra Lucy and Sad for
i mpqua; schr Maweema. for Seattle
Ma? 0 -! BAT— Arrived June - Schi Ivy, hence.
* PORT GAMBLE-Sailed June S-Kehr W P
Jewett, for San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELEY-Sailed June 8 Schr Ex
, celsior, for Newport.
. PORT TOWNSEND-Arrived .1 me 7 ■;■■
: hark Prompt, from Guaymas. June B— Stmr
Queen, hence June 5.
TACOMA— Arrived Juhp S-Bark Gatherer
NKHALEM-SaiWl June 7-Schr Albion, for
fean franclsco.
PORT LOS ANGELES-Artved June 8-Ship
Dashlns: A\ aye, frnm Tacoma.
Sailed June B— Stmr Lamina for
BOWENS LAXDING-Salled June" g_ chr
Bender Bros, for Pan Francisco
NEAH BAT-Passed out June . Stmr Pro
greso..from Seattle, for San Francisco: schr
Excelsior, from Port TUakPiev fnr Vewnort
PORT LUDLOW-Salled June Msch^Mana
E Smith, for San Pedro. aaarl *
FOREIGN PORTS
HONGKONG-Salled June 7-Br rtmr Em .
press of China, for Vancouver
MANILA-Sailed June 8-U g Et mr Boston,
for San Francisco, via Na»?a«nXl
DEPARTURE BAY— Sailed June S- ShY"
Charmer, for San Francisco. T
SYDNEY— SaiIed June B— Stmr Mariposa, for
San Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
ROTTERDAM— SaiIed June S— Stmr Maas
dam, for New York, via Boulogne.
BREMEN— Arrived June S— Stmr Trave. from
New York, via Southampton.
NAPLES— Arrived June 8 Stmr Aller. from
New York.
. SLDNEY. NSW— June B— Stmr Mart
posa. for San Francisco.
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived June 8 — Stmr
Fuerst Bismarck, from New York, via Cher
bourg, for Hamburg.
NEW YORK— Sailed June B— Stmr Bremen,
for Bremen. - ' ;■'•:
: OCEAN TRAVEL.
fSMfMaßßng| B. S. Alameda sails
r2ils3rS&iC via Honolulu an,l
rfc™ 111 * Auckland for: Sydney
If .. —^ Wednesday, June 14.
faii/^ I • at 10 p. m.
iSjWmSnin^ The S* S. Australia
G^taillJlllU Fatls for Honolulu
(OfnRSrZiK Friday, June 30. at *
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
j Samoa, New Zealand, Australia, India, Suez,
j England, etc.: $810 first class.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
j 1^ • Steamers leave Broadway
; Batai^ wharf, San Francisco:
tSSfSSS^ For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m..
I |ofwtl^ June B> 1O - 15 > 20 - 25 ' 30; Jn!y *•
i LttivCl change at Seattl*.
• '. JcJiia3^j2Hl For Victoria. Vancouver 'B.
fIB^^MMBM C.); Port nsend, S<»attl».
r^^CBS^B Tacoma. Kverett, Anacorte«
and New Whatcom ("Wash.).
10 a. m.. June 6. 10, 15. 20. 2S.
1 SO: .Tnly 6, and every fifth day thereafter:
> change at Seattle to this company' ■ steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N.
P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C P. Ry.
l For Eureka (Humboldt Ba<-V ! p. m., Jnna
I S. g. IS. 18, 23. 28; July S. and every fifth day
1 thereafter.
? For Santa Crnx. Monterey. San Simeon.
■ Cayucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
i Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hnenem*.
: i Pan Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) aM
■ ' Newport, 9 a. m.. June 1. 5. 8. IS. 17. 21. 25. »;
! j July 3. and every fourth day thereafter.
' i For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
! ! ford (San Luis OblPDo). Santa Barbara. Port
! Los Angeles and Redondo fLos Angeles). 11 a.
: m.. June S. 7. 11. IK. 19, 13. 27: July 1. and every
i fourth day thereafter.
i | For Ensennda. Magdalena Ray. San Jone del
: I Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. T,a Paz. Santa Rosalia
| and Guaymas CMex.), 10 a, m.. 7th of each
i | month.
I For further Information " v *aln folder.
The company reserves the right to cbunri
1 without previous notice steamers. Falling dates
and hour* of y^llng
TICKET OITIOE —4 New Montgomery
street (Palac* Hotel).
GOODALL. PFRKTNS A CO.. Gen. Agt»..
10 Mark»t St.. San Francisco.
TRF 0. R. fc, 01. m.
DISJ>ATCH FAST STEAMER? TO
PORTIjA.ND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
tADC *l a Urst Cla«< iiicindtn? Kerth»
iMnC '5^ Second Cla-«» and Meal*.
Columbia sails June 12. 22: July 2. 12, 22
Stat" of California sails June 7, 17. 27; July
7 17, 27.
Short lino to Walla Walla. Spokane. Rutte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to nil points Beast.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent.
AMERICAN LINE.
FT^ rORK. SOOTHAMPTOT LONDON. PARI\
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul June 7 St. Paul June 2S
St. Louis. .......June 14 St. Louis July 5
New York June 21 New York July 12
RED ♦> TA I 'Nh.
*• — '•--•- -- ' 'ntw -.
From New York Kverv Wednesday. 12 noon.
Noordland June 7[ Westernland ...June 28
Friesiand June 14 ; Kensington July 5
Southwark June 21 Noordland July" 12
EAIPIH^ LINE.
K«.«tH». St. MlshiMt. Unwoi, Ot.,
For full Information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St.. I r any of its agencies.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA,
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, Ip. m for
YOKOHAMA flnd HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting .at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. *
NIPPON MART" Tuesday. June 27
AMERICA MARU ...Saturday, July 22
HONGKONG MART" Thursday. August 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply nt company's office,
421 Market st . corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
ANCHOR LINE
United States M»il Steamshios v
Sail from New York Ev;ry Saturday for
Glasgow, via Londonderry.
Saloon Pas«Bij-. SSO nnd upward.
Second Cabin
City of Rome. 935 Other Steamers. J?.1O.
Steerage Passage
Rome. $2."».r><). Jrurnessla, f24.50. Other
Btrs., JfliS. O.
For Book of Tours and information apply to
HENDERSON BROTHERS.
i General Agents. 7 Bowling Green New York.
Or .T. F. FUGA7.I. 5 Montgomery St..
Or L. F. COCKROFT. 114 Montgomery St..
Or R. R. RITCHIE. 2 New Montgomery »t..
SAN FRANCISCO.
_. . j. . ■ .. i
COMPAONIE GENERALS TRANSATLANTIQP3.
| DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS, "■£--,
i Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <^SGS!Ii
i from Pier 42, North River, foot of '«> !i ****s"'
Morton St. LA BRETAGNE, June 17: LA,
! TOURAINE. June 24; LA GASCOGNE. July 1;
LA NORMANDIE, July S: LA CHAMPAGNE.
July 15. First-class to Havre, $65 and upward,
5 per cent reduction on round trip. SeconJ-cla?s
to Havre. $45; 10 per cent reduction on round
trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED
STATES AND CANADA, 3 Bowling Green.
j New York. J. F. FT'GAZ'I & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, .' Montgomery aye.. San Francisco.
BAY AND BJVEB STEAMERS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN.
Will leave Washington street wharf at 8 a. m.
daily, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m.
daily (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
leave Washington street wharf at 6 p. m.
daily (excepting- Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main 80S.
FOB U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO. i
Steamer "Monticello."
MON.. Tues.; Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9-45
a. m., 3:15, S:3O p. m. lex. Thurs. night)- Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m. 8
p. m. Landing and office. Mission street Dock
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 150 S.
, FARE : MeALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
SUPERVISORS
PLACE KEATING
ON THE RACK
Hospital Scandal Be
ing Investigated.
WARDEN NOW DENIES ALL
KEEPER OF THE INSANE MAY
BE REMOVED.
--■ ♦ —
Sensational Story of Kissing Tolls
Related by a Girl Who At
tended Her Dyinp Mother
at the Hospital.
Oakland Office San Francisco Ca!',
!»>'* Broadway, Jui
B( .in! of fi - held a S]
:" Im
•ncerning William J.
Keating, warden of tl
i elving Hos
r< sid
■
■
a t thi inten lew
with the ward - rding the I
■ ounti r that resulted
and St< w
■ i d, i" the
■
Supervisor Roeth called for an imme
diate investigation; and during the noon
hour the testimony of Keating?; Steward
Borchard- Matron McDonald and Dr. K.
T. Stratton was taken. The accused war
den; when placed on the ruck, finally ad
mitted that he and Barnett had come to
blows, but he strongly protested his in
noti-nee so far as his conduct toward
Miss Barnett was concerned.
Matron McDonald told what she had
witnessed from the kitchen window, reit
erating IK-r story as published in to-day's
Call. Dr. Stratton testified in Keating' s
favor, and said that while the matter
had been reported to him he had not re
garded it worthy of Investigation:
Due notice .had not been given Mr. Bar
nett to be present; and he could not be
located, hence the board adjourned until
Saturday morning in order to hear his
While 'before the Supervisors Keating
is said to have made a fairly favorable
impression; but every hour brings new
accusations to light. This afternoon Miss
Katy Welch of Alameda made a start
ling statement. She said that while she
was attending her dying mother at the
Receiving Hospital recently Keating
placed h^s arms about her waist while
she was arranging her mother's pillow,
and that subsequently the warden refused
to allow her to leave the room unless she
kissed him. "Instead." pays Miss Welch,
'•1 slapped his face." Miss Welch will
also probably be called to testify Satur-
• ■
th in
■
md myself
-
i • ncour
.'ik'-d,
u..,,,l girl.
my
- that the
■. Isors was
rd< : X
but that Supervisor Roeth wanted to
make it a condition that certain other
changes be made, to which the other
members would not consent. One of these
other changes fostered by Mr. Roeth Is
presumably the removal of Matron Mc-
Donald, for Mr. Roeth has on two occa
sions introduced a resolution for her re
moval, but each time the majority of the
hoard declined to entertain the proposi
tion.
It was rumored to-night that the three
Supervisors, Church, Wells and Roeth,
had decided on a programme for the Re
ceiving Hospital. The son of Wells is to
succeed Keating as warden of the insane;
Miss Nlckerson, a protege of Roeth, is
to succeed Miss Mac Donald as matron,
and Dr. Porter is to succeed Dr. Stratton
as physician to the Receiving Hospital.
it remains to be seen whether Supervisors
Talcott and Mitchell, when they return
from their vacation, will stand for these
changes.
FORDERER MAY RESIGN.
Uncongenial Associates and Poor
Health, Prompt His Action.
AL'AMEDA; June B.— Joseph Forderer,
for some years president of the Board of
City Trustees and who was re-elected a
member of that body at the last election,
will retire temporarily from active par
ticipation in public affairs and may resign
his office.
The strain of the last campaign— of
the most heated in Alameda's history—
and the worry over municipal matters
have completely undermined Mi Forder
er's health. Two weeks ago he was
stricken with congestion of th- brain and
for a time his condition was critical.
Upon his recovery ..is physician advised
him that he would have to withdraw from
public life if he expected to retain his
health.
Mr. Ford« r has not been in harmony
with all the new members of the board
and his position was not the most con
genial. This fact, in connection with his
failing health, determined him to resign
his position.
Several of the city officials heard of Mr.
Fordtrer's intention and prevailed upon
him to reconsider his idea of resigning-.
He has decided, however, to ask for an
indefinite leave of absence. He will go
into the country for a rest, and if at the
expiration of several months he feels able
to resume his duties as a public official
lie will do so; otherwl.se he will present
hif> resignation.
. ■» .
Atkins-Meserole Wedding.
ALAMEDA. June B.— George Washing- :
ton Atkins and Mi«a Bessie Mcserole were
married last night at the home of the
bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. George F.
Mpscrn].>, 14u4 Pacific avenue. Rev. W.
W. Scudder Jr. officiated: Miss dura At
kins was bridesmaid and the .best man
was Richard Meserole. Mr. and Mrs. At
kins will jyx-nd their honeymoon at Ben
Lomond, after which they will make their
home in Alameda,
Native Sons Elect Officers.
ALAMEDA, June Halcyon Parlor
No. 146, N. 8. G. W., has elected the fol
lowing etllcers: W. B. Hlnchman, presi
dent: W. B. Kallmyer, first vice presi
dent; A. L. Behneman. second vice presi- ■
dent; \V. A. Gunn; third vice president;
Benjamin Elliott, marshal; Harry Tenney,
recording secretary; F. C. Sunder, finan
cial secretary; J. C. Bates Jr., treasurer;
J. R. Knowland, trustee; Dr. H. M. Pond,
surgeon.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, June S.— The class of June,
'S.), Alameda High School, Rave its gradu
ating party to-night at Armory Hall.
Columbia Lodge No. 40, I. O. O. I-'., has
elected the following officers: James Mun
ro, past grand; George M. swell, noble
grand; John Goldstone. vice grand.
Mrs. Lou Wehle, wife; of Conrad Wehle,
died this morning at the family residence,
3617 Encinal avenue, after a long illness.
She was a native of Illinois, aged 38 years.
The remains were taken to Santa Clara
for interment.
Whidden Hose Company of the Alameda
Fire Department will enter a team In the
hose tournament at the Fourth of July
celebration at Haywards.
The Unitarian Club adjourned last night
for the summer vocation. The next meet
ing will be held August 9.
George A. Morss of 2124 Alameda avenue
Is suffering from paresis and was taken
to the Oakland Receiving Hospital this
morning. He will be examined by the In
panjty. Commissioners to-morrow morning.
MAYOR WOULD
NOT CONSENT
TO BE FORCED
Will Consider All of
Mr. Dow's Men.
NO HOPE FOR MURDOCK
♦
McCLOUD WAS ONCE ON THE
SLATE FOR CHIEF.
Criticisms Have Been Made to the
Mayor About the Manner of
Conducting the Street
Department.
Oakland Office Pan Fr:ind?m Call,
Broadway, June 8.
The trace? were jumped at yesterday's
ting of the Polici Commission, ac
•■z to the reports <-.f those who should
know what is going on beneath the sur-
Prior to the meeting Mr. Dow and
M tyor had a lir- but it
■ sh( rt and the Mayor left a memo
im for Mr. Dow stating that he
would vot( only for those men whom they
had discussed previously. Tin:- related
solely to Detective Hodgkins, Sergeani
Peterson and Detective Scanlan. Mr. Dow
evidently did not either understand or
would not agrei I the Mayor's Intima
■
As soon a? three members mot in the
board room Mr. Dow said thai the Board
of Works would meet first. This is very
unusual, and no on< knew th< cause of It
Mr. Dow Introduced his resolution
naming Mr. Miller f >r Superintendent of
' her term. Then the pur
was \ . ry appan l.t he wished to
the Mayor on record. The Mayor
Intimated that he was ready to vote no,
but was prevented from doing ho by Mr.
i■■ w having the res
thi m< • ting which fol
of the Police Ci mmission the Mayor
stuck t<> his agreement to vote i i
man, Hodgklns, for Dow'a man. Peterson,
to remove Scanlan, on which they
were both agreed. Further than that
. and ail Mr. liuw'j reso
- fell flat. It is well known that the
Mayor will vote In the afflrmativi
many of thrm after he has had timi
Investigate the reasons thai led Mr. Dow
ting is cer
■ ■ Fred
Murdock fur Fire Chief and he has inti
mated that the Fire Department, with a
few minor changes, is being efficiently
i lloud, it Is now conft
p ilitlcians
■ ■ [fort was mad<
rce him on the Mayor, but Mr. Snow
: not list* n to it ■ II hough as
sured that Mr. Dow would vote with him
mote McC
It i> now probable that McCloud may
■ stripes.
Surprisi was expressed to-day when it
iwn at the < 'ity Hall that ■ • r
tain criticisms had b« en sent to the Mayor
manner in which the pat-
Street I '■■•.'-: rtment was con-
Led. N l< arn< d of the
: iplaints. The Mayor
■ Ing to give "-it
r. Hi hints t hat In due
- : : If that the
1•• pan n fficient, he may
r Mr. Miller.
Captain Peterson assumed his new dv
i Morrison
■nidnight went on duty as patrolman
Iway. Ex-
Bcanlan has taken off his c
and n ; ort( d t r patrol duty to-rlay. I
changes In th» Police Department will be
In abeyance until after July 1. when
• H". ; .t,'kins will be consulted r<
ing them.
PUPILS DULL OR
TEACHERS UNFIT
PRINCIPAL FISHER DEFENDS
THE COUNTY BOARD.
School Examinations Were Not at All
Satisfactory When Conducted
by Teachers.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
■ ! troadw ly, Jum
V. M. Fisher, principal of the Central
School, makr-s public a statement that
• from county school teachers
hed in The rail two days ago is
without merit and that its criticisms of
1 c county Board of Kducatlon are unde
served.
"The results last year," said Mr. Fisher,
"were far from satisfactory. There was
ierable criticism of the methods of
onductlng the examinations. It is true
that most of this criticism came from
rival teachers, who did not approve of
th<> methods of the others.
"This year ti decided to take
charge of the examinations. The
results are quite apparent. It shows a
rrmny of the pupils supposed to be
ready to enter the high schools to be
poorly prepared.
"The questions given were not more
than ordinarily difficult. The board has
always prepared the questions, but Tiaa
left the teachers to conduct the examina
tions. This year we had personal super
vision of the examinations. The result is
that while there were some very bright
s there were a great number who
; to come up to the mark. It either
means that the students were exception
ally dull or that the teachers were in
capable, it seems to me to cast serious
reflections upon the teachers whose class
. failed.
•'Take lrvington. for instance. Before
• xamlnatlon the teacher of that
school was shown the questions to be
f_'iv'n. He pronounced them much easier
than he had expected they would be. A.l
xamination all of hla pupils but one
failed. The result speaks for itself.
mad i a good showing, and there
were a number of bright pupils from the
v. n- on the
. however, is not satisfactory."
BLIND PUPILS TO PERFORM.
Annual Concert at the State Institute
for the Deaf and Dumb and
the Blind.
BERKELEY. June B.— The blind pupils
of the State Institute f/>r the Deaf and
Dumb and the Blind will give a concert
to-morrow evening in the large assembly
i all of the institution. The concert is usu
ally given each year previous to the com
mencement exercises. It will begin at 8
o'clock and is open to the public, A pro
gramme under the direction of Otto
Flelssner has been arranged as follows:
Chorus. KJerulf's "The Bridal of Hardan
per"; piano solo, Goddard'a "Ballet <Ipk Pa
plllons," Miss Elizabeth Whaley; organ polo,
Volkmar's "Festival Prelude," Eben Gray:
piano solo, Chopin's "Nocturne," Op. 9, No. 2,
Charles Caceres: soprano solo, (a) "I'm Wear-
In' Awa* to the Land ■•' the Leal," (b) "Should
He Upbraid," Miss Gussle Mast: orgtui solo,
Stephens' "Adagio Non Troppo," Miss Helen
Mesow; piano quartet, Flelssner-Behr's "Cadet
March." Miss Hazel Piper. Miss Susie Davis,
Miss TUHe Allison and Miss Berna Halght;
piano solo. Ebon Gray; organ solo, Clark's
"Meditation," Miss Elizabeth Whaley; piano
solo. Mlas Helen Mwiw; organ solo. Miss Gus
sie Mast; chorus, Plnsutl's "The Watchword."
, ■ ■» ■
SHOT BY HIS OWN GUN.
Frank Morrill of Piedmont the Vic
tim of a Fatal Accident.
OAKLAND. June S'.— Frank Morrill,
who resides at Piedmont, was accident
ally Shot with his own gun at the Crow
ranch, near Lafayette, this morning. Mor
rill was driving a mowing machine. He
had his pun with him to shoot at any
same that mlpht come near. It Is sup
posed that the gun exploded while h.e was
THE SAST FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 9, 1899.
driving, with the barrel pointing upward.
The charge of shot struck Merrill's head
and death was instantaneous. Coroner
Curry of Contra Costa County took
charge of the remains. Morrlll leaves a
widow and one child. He was 23 years of
age.
ALAMEDA COUNTY
NEWS BREVITIES
OAKLAND, June B.— George S. Ames,
ex-Library Trustee of Alameda, who is
charged with bigamy, to-day tiled a gen
eral demurrer to his wife's divorce com
plaint.
Henry Abel to-day filed suit against
Paula and Lorenzo Higucra and Emil
Gouvi to recover $4500 on a promissory
note secured by property near Warm
Springs.
Miss Prlscllla Waters and Hiram
Blanchard, both well known here, were
quietly, married at San Rafael last Thurs
day.
H. B. Kotz, the junk dealer, charged
with burglary in being implicated in the
looting of the boxcars at the railroad
yards in West Oakland, was acquitted to
day under instructions from Judge Hall.
The contract for the construction of a
parish residence for the Ban Leandro
Catholic church at a cost of $3500, let to
Phil Sheridan of Berkeley, was recorded
to-day.
The marriage of Miss Lucy Olsen and
Victor Boell, which took place nearly six
months ago, has only just been an
nounced. Parental objection was the cause
of the concealment.
The case of Frank Mott, charged with
assault with a deadly weapon preferred
by Miss Eliza Schonberg, was dismissed
this afternoon and a complaint charging
simple assault will be issued. Mott
pleaded guilty to the charge of carrying
a concealed weapon and was lined $50 by
Police Judge Smith.
The will of Kmma P. Flint, deceased,
was" filed for probate to-day by Helen P.
Lyman. her daughter. The' estate is val
ued at more than $10,000. the amount stat
ed by petitioner, and is given In trust to
]•:. H. Hunt and Cary Howard during the
life of the husband, E. P. Flint, on whose
death it is to go to the six children.
RANDLETT'S ACCUSER
STABBED BY A WOMAN
ANOTHER SCENE AT THE NO
TORIOUS CHALIA.
J. Mullen. Prosecuting Witn?ss. Came
to Court Bleeding Trom Knife
Wounds.
OAKLAND, June s.— The notorious Tha
lia saloon, on the county road, wa
scene of another disgraceful stabbing af
fair shortly after noon to-day. As a re
sult .1. Mullen has sworn to a complaint
In Justice Larue's court charging Mamie
Barricks with assault with a deadly weap-
The row Is the th< recent
am st of ( "oney Ftandlett on a chart
grand larceny, preferred by J. Mullen,
who accused him of having stolen a I
and buggy which is said I to the
woman.
Randlett's preliminary hearing was to
hay." taken place before Justl< c Larue this
' Bsea being pr< si nt, the
matter went over until this afternoon
when, no witm sses appearing I■■
District Attorn^- Harris had a
Shortly aft- rward M
came Into court, hi i flowing c iplously
from two ugly wounds on hla :
To the court Mullen stated that he had
fallen off a car. but the truth came out
later, when II was learned that he had
been the victim of a murderous assault at
the hands of Mamie Barricks, who at
tacked him at the Thalia with a knife.
• ding bo profusely that the
was continued until n \-t Friday,
and In the meantime the injured man
swore to a complaint against the Bar
ricks woman. It is supposed that the
n'e wrath was aroused by the fact
that Mullen had charged her friend
: ■ : :. with grand larci ny.
ey Randlett was formerly a bar
• at the Thalia, and about two
months ago was snot in a drunken brawl
at the notorious inn. At th< Receiving
Hospital a bullet was removed from his
skull and for Beveral days his recovery
was very doubtful, It lias never been
learned who iir.-«l the shot.
OAKLAND'S SMALLPOX SCARE
Ma*ny Were Exposed to the Disease
by Visiting Miss Olsen.
OAKLAND, June B.— Health Officer
Todd has taken vigorous measures to
: prevent any spread of smallpox. Consid
\ erable alarm is felt over the case of Miss
Lillie Olsen of 1913 Magnolia street, par
ticularly from the fact that as soon as
, she was removed from the Maclean Hos
-1 pital to her horn* in this city many of her
friends visited her and became exposed.
The health authorities therefore expect
that other cases of smallpox may be re
ported from almost any section of the
city.
"Fortunately the danger of contagion
in the early stages of the disease," said
Dr. Todd to-day, "is not so great as in the
j later stages. If the people who visited
I Miss Olsen will get vaccinated at once it
| will be well for all concerned. By vac
cination they can In a large measure pre
vent the spread of the disease, and even
should they take it, the disease would be
much milder. In the meantime, we are
using every precaution. The case of Miss
I Olsen is quarantined."
Legally Dead but Really' Alive.
OAKLAND, June B.— Mrs. Mary F. Wel
lock, declared legally dead long ago, has
expressed her desire to be resurrected.
Her case Is identical in circumstances
•with that of A. Abraham of Coultervllle.
Some years ago Mrs. Wollock departed
for parts unknown, leaving an estate con
sisting of $4*o on deposit in a local bank.
The estate was afterward probated and
distributed according to law. Now Mrs.
Wellock, having returned, will take steps
to have the order of distribution revoked
and claim her money.
Money Found in a Vacant House.
ALAMEDA, June S. — A small amount of
coin was found in a vacant house at 2323
Clement avenue this morning. The place
i was formerly occupied by Maurice Kellar,
who was taken suddenly 111 a short time
■ ago and was removed to the home of his
j son in San Francisco, where he4died. It is
supposed that the money that was found
Is the old man's savings. He told his son
before lie died that ho had some money
hidden in his Alameda house. A little
over $100 was found.
The Fourth at Oakland.
OAKLAND, June B.— The Fourth of July
committee met to-night and decided to
have a flag-raising in the City, Hall Park
: on the morning of the Fourth and pa
| triotic exercises in the evening at the
same place. The proposed pole Is to be ISO
} feet high and the flag will be 22 by 47 feet.
The exercises throughout will be similar
to those held In Alameda three years ago.
There will be no parade.
Will Not Go to Stanford.
OAKLAND, Juno B.— Rev. C. R. Brown
has announced that he will not accept the
offer of the chaplaincy of Stanford Uni
versity. He says there are many reasons
why he should go, but all the reasons why
he should remain are summed up in one
word— duty.
Stricken "With Paralysis.
OAKLAND, June B.— Rev. Father J. B.
McNallv is recovering j.rom a stroke of
paralysis experienced last Tuesday even
ing, when his tongue and right arm were
temporarily paralyzed. His condition to
night is much improved and his perma
nent recovery is anticipated.
Death of Manly D. Bird.
OAKLAND, June Manly D. Bird, a
bright young man of this city, died sud
denly at Sissons this afternoon from hem
orrhage. Deceased was prominently iden
tified with the Boys' Brigade movement
and held several offices In that organiza
tion.
Six Months for Wife-Beating.
UKRKELEY, Juno $.— Judge Edgar to
i'.iv sentenced George Weldinger of West
Berkeley to six mmiths' imprisonment in
the County Jail for beating his wife.
A Sailor Smuggler.
R. "U'illiamf!. a salkir on the transport
Zealnndia, was detected by Customs In-
Bpectors yesterday morning while at
tf-mpting "to smuggle 250 cigars ashore.
The cigars were confiscated, but Williams
was not arrested for the attempted smug
gling because he was already under ar
rest by the military authorities for theft.
ASSESSMENTS
MAY BE VERY
LARGELY CUT
Dalton Is Using His
Hatchet.
COUNCIL IS IN DESPAIR
MAY BE FORCED TO MAKE A
BIG TAX LEVY.
It Is Feared That Five Millions May
Be Taken From the Values of
the Assessor Made Last
Year.
Oakland Office Pan Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, June 8.
Much consternation has been caused
amnng the City Counoilmen by the fear
that tin- assessment of the city of Oak
land will be reduced about $5,000.0tK) when
Assessor Dal ton has figured up his total.-..
Should tlsi reduction prove as« great as
is anticipated, It will \v>rk havoc with all
the cherished plans <>f the new city gov
ernment, and will make it absolutely im
possible to restrict the tax levy to $1,
whiih was promised during the cam
paign.
Tho city's assessment fs about $46,000,
--000, and should it be reduced to $41. ' """
it will mean a reduction In tho taxes re
ceived of just $50,01)1 provided the tax is
fixed at $1. it will bo Impossible to run
the city along the lino contemplated with
any such reduction, even if all the salaries
which were rec< ntly cut for tho purpose
of staving off bankruptcy should be kept
after June 30 at their present figures.
The largest reductions have heen made
on improvements, although realty has
been cut to some extent. The assessment
of the whole county will probably be
nearly the sam< as last year, but the city
kland will be materially reduced.
Assessor Dalton said to-day that he run
not tell exactly what will be the total of
the assessment, but he is making heavy
reductions In property in the renter of
Ity. He has reduced Franklin street
from Fourteenth to the water front,
Broadway from Eleventh street and
Washington from Eighth. "It is very ap
parent t" everybody," he said, "that
property In these localities is not worth
what it was two years ago, and there is
no use in assessing it higher than is legit
imate. In some other places reductions
have been made, but taking; the whole
. the fig ires will probably be very
nearly those of last year."
The figures "f the County Assessor are
always used by the City of Oakland, sub
■ course to changes in individual as
si nts where such changes are made
by the Council sitting as a Board <>f
liza'tion. I Miring the recent cam
paign It was presumed that the assess
ment of the city would remain about the
same, and the candidates promised to run
thi city on $1. Should Mr. Dalton d
that the city has decreased In value to
such an exteni as the Council fears, it
will necessitate the reorganization of all
the financial plans already laid out at the
City Hall. '
COURSING AS VIEWED BY
SAN FRANCISCO WOMEN
THEIR VERDICT IS THAT IT IS A
CRUEL SPORT.
Boycott Will Be Employed to Compel
Tradespeople to Be Kind to
Domestic Animals.
According to the reports of the ladies
who iire organizing the bands of m< rcy
in this city the number of the bands and
the members of same arc Increasing rap
idly. The promoters of thin w.>rk are the
lady members of the Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Animals, and at
their regular meeting yesterday the at
tendance was larger than usual. Mrs.
M. E. Holbruok presided.
At the previous gathering a committee
was appointed to investigate the charges !
<>f cruelty to animals made against those
! who are in charge of the coursing parks.
Mrs. Whiting stated that she had wit
nessed the coursing recently and had
; come to the conclusion that the hounds
nre more cruelly treated than the hares,
although the very manner of Wiling rab
bits by running to death and in shipping '
them to this city from great distances
are cruel acts.
The lady told with some feeling of see
ing hares tern to pieces by the hounds,
but she could not say but what the bun
!<.i< s were killed instantly. During, her j
investigation she was told that "the ■
trainers of the hounds stimulate the
ilugs by using Strychnine and cocaine,
from which drugs the animals suffer great
pain as soon as the excitement of the
chase is over." The verdict of the ladies
; of the committee was that "coursing is I
1 a wantonly cruel amusement and none I
: but the most degraded find any pleasure
in it. Furthermore, they were anything
but pleased with the appearance of the
frequenters of the coursing park.
Mrs. Clara Foltz delivered an interest-
Ing discourse upon the work of educating i
the children to be merciful to dumb ani
mals, and pointed out that the efforts of
the ladies in t. aching humanity in the i
public schools were Beed sown in a fertile ■
soil. A general discussion took place as
to an effective way of compelling a large
: number of ix-'iple to be kind to their mp
' mals. One lady stated that for a long
time she has dismissed her grocers, coal i
; dealers, butchers, laundrymen and other
; tradespeople whose drivers were guilty of
unnecessary severity in the handling of
the delivery horses. As a result more
than one cruel driver had been discharged
; and a more humane one engaged in his
stead by tradesmen who wished to hold
her patronage.
The ladiep thought it was a good plan, ]
and henceforth the boycott will be exer
cise.] in the interests Of mercy. At future
meetings notes will be compared and all
! tradespeople whose livestock Is not treat
jed properly will go upon tho society's
black list until such time as they ure
brought to their senses by the loss of
custom.
Hurt in San Jose.
F. E. Mascherini, who conducts a retail
grocery at the northeast corner of Green
wich street and Montgomery avenue, has
been notified by friends in San Jose thai
his wife was severely injured in an acci
dent in that city. Mrs. Mascherini was
driving with Mrs. Sol Bertucel of this city,
when in crossing the street car track a
car collided with the vehicle. Both women
were thrown to the ground and Mrs.
Mascherini was so severely stunned and
bruited that she lias been unable to leave
her bed since. Fortunately no bones wore
broken, ami Mrs. Mascherini will soon be
able t<> return to San Francisco. Mrs. Ber
tucci escaped without injury.
Another Pioneer Dead.
In the death of Harry W. Taylor, who
died at his residence, 401 Goettingen street,
yesterday the Society of California Pio
neers lost another member. The deceased
was for a number of years identified with
the real estate business of this city, and
was at "nc time a director of the Pioneer
organization. He was born in Maine in
Ivl'4 and with a band of pioneers from that
State came to California in '4!>. Mr. Tay
lor la survived by a widow and three chil
dren—James K. Taylor, a publisher; Har
iv ii. Taylor, who is employed by the
Southern Pacific, and Mrs. Fannie L,
March.
Held for Smuggling.
Andrew Rose was held to answer by
United States Court Commissioner Hea
cock yesterday for smuggling 103 cigars
off a Government transport.
POSED FOR HER
PICTURE ON THE
MINER'S KNEE
Arlington Adds to a
Romantic Tale.
THE LADY NOT A WIDOW
MORE DUPES OF A SMOOTH
SWINDLER APPEAR.
One Victim Refuses to Swear Out
a Warrant, but Begs Him to
Return Her Mother's
Ring.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, June 8.
A little English woman called at the
County J;ill to-day to see Arthur Arling
ton, the man of many aliases, whose spe
cialty is playing- confidence games mi wo
men. She told a very earnest story, but
j would pive the jailer neither name nor
; address. She also is a victim of Arling
ton's wiles. Sl.'o says she has no desire
to prosecute him. but she is very anxious
to recover a ring which he took from her.
This ring w:is given her by her mother
and she holds it to be priceless. While
Arlington w;is preying upon her confi
dence, he became possessed of the ring
and she has never been able to re
j cover It.
He will give her no satisfaction as to
j whether he has it in his possession or
j whether he has pawned it. although she
i has made several visits to try to induce
him tn aid her in recovering the heirloom.
Arlington is a practiced schemer. He
evidently studies nut his plan to tne end
before he embarks upon it. One of his
victims, Mrs. Minnie Smith, told her story
yesterday. To-day Arlington continued
' the narrative where Mrs. Smith left off.
, Tne lady cut her story off abruptly at
I Piedmont Springs when the "wealthy
i miner ' who had engaged her as his
housekeeper snatched her purse contain
ing $214 85 and refused to return it.
Arlington says that his account is as
necessary to a compli te understanding of
the situation as that of Mrs. Smith. After
taking her purse he saya that he and the
lady remained in friendly conversation
1 and actually went to a photographer's
and were photographed in a rn.>st loving
attitude. ]n the picture Mrs. Smith sits
on the kn t the aged, wealthy miner
and their arms are locked around each
other's waists. This picture will foim
part of the case for the defense. Ac
| cording to Arlington, the pair then went
! to San Francisco, enjoyed a luxurious
1 dinner, took a hack ride and returned to
I Oakland, Arlington paying the joint <>x
pi uses out of the money he found in the
' lady's purse. He says that he only took
SI" at the springs and that Mrs. Smith
gave him $3«> in gti i tracks in San Fran
cis, -.i to be used for their joint amuse
ment.
Mrs. Smith, it is said, confided to Ar
lingUjn that she is not a widow, as *is
generally supposed, but has a husband
i in tho East from whom she is separate,!.
\ and that she is now living here with a
little daughter a sufficient length of time
to acquire a residence, so that she may
legally sue for a divorce. The friends of
the victim are not inclined to believe Ar
lington's story.
INFECTIOUS DISEASES.
Board of Health Recommends Pre
cautions to Prevent Their Spread.
The following communication has been
1 sent to this paper by Dr. John M. Will
iamson, chairman of the Board of Health,
and Dr. A. P. O'Brien, Health Officer, re
garding the precautions that should be
taken by residents of this city to prevent
the entrance and spread of infectious dis
eases. It is not intended to alarm the
community, but simply as a few words of
advice to lessen the possible danger. The
! letter is as follows:
sax FRANCISCO, June 8, 1599.
To The Call: Kindly call to the attention of
the public the following facts:
The recently increased Influx of passpneers
\ from Asiatic port*, particularly soldiers return
ing from the Philippines, renders the city
liable to the entrance and spread of infectious
diseases, as is evidenced by the appearance of
i several cases of smallpox within the past few
i weeks. We therefore feel it Incumbent upon
1 us to sound a note of warning to the residents
of this city In order that all necessary pre
cautions against an epidemic may be instituted.
Particular attention should be paid by house
holders and others to cleanliness of premises.
All garbage and refuse should be burned or
I speedily carted away, and chloride of lime and
whitewash used in liberal quantities. Persons
! who have not been Taccinated within a year I
; should, for' their own safety, attend to this
precaution at once.
Within the next few days the Health Depart
! ment will Institute a house to house inspection,
with the aid and co-operation of the Police De
partment, and cleanliness of yards, basements
j and outbuildings will he rigidly insisted upon.
This communication is not Intended as an
' alarmist measure, but merely as a few words
I of advice, which, If followed, will do much
; toward lessening the danger of a future epi
demic. JOHN M. WILLIAMSON, M. D.,
Chairman Board of Health.
; A. P. O'BRIEN, M. D.. Health Officer.
GRACE GORDAN'S DEATH.
Bits of Hair Found in Her Stomach
May Have Been the Cause.
An examination of the body of Grace
Gordon was made yesterday afternoon by
: Autopsy Surgeon Zabala, who found that
death had been caused by peritonitis,
superinduced by inflammation of the
stomach.
Miss Gordon nte dinner with her mother
last Wednesday evening In a cheap
i French restaurant on Stockton street and
partook heartily of boiled mussels. After
reaching home she complained of severe
pains in the abdomen. The pains In
creased in Intensity and frequency, and
Dr. Herrlngton was called in, but he was
unable to give any relief and the young
woman died. The physician diagnosed
j the case a? one of ptomaine poisoning
caused by some irritant, probably a de
cayed mussel, in the stomach of the de
ceased, He maintained this position after
the autopsy.
Dr. Zabala found seeds, bits of what he
believed to be human hair and other in
digestible substances in the intestines of
the dead woman. He gave, the opinion
that the inflammation had been caused
by some Irritating substance. He found
the young woman to have been In a very
weak condition and anaemic, so that an
exciting cause that would have no effect
upon a healthy and strong person would
be fatal to her.
It is probable that the deceased swal
lowed some of the mussel beards or pieces
of broken shell.
A. O. H. OFFICERS CHOSEN.
Division No. 2 Holds Its Annual
Election — Interesting Outings
Planned.
The thirty-first annual election of offi
cers of Division No. 2, A. O. H., was held
on Tuesday evening In Hibernia Hall. Al
though three tickets were in the field
there was no friction. The officers elected
were: President, Hartley Lee; vice presi
dent, M. P. Donleavy; recording secre
tary, T. L. Clancy: tinaneial secretary,
Michael Dolan; treasurer, M. C. Graham;
sergeant at arms, Patrick McOrath; phy
sician and surgeon. Dr. Thomas F. Breh
nnn; chairman of standing committees,
John Kenny.
The report of the treasurer showed the
division was in good financial condition,
and one of the strongest numerically this
side of the Rocky Mountains. It was de
cided by the society to participate as a
body in the picnic of the Knights of the
Red" Rranch Rifles, to be held at San
Jose on the 11th tnst. The general excur
sion of the order will be held at Sehuet
zen Park on the Fourth of July. The
thirty-first annual picnic of the division
will be given at Harbor View Park on
Admission day. September 9.
SOME DIGGINGS
ARE EXHAUSTED
Discouraging Reports
From Pintada.
MAY STOP PRESENT RUSH
MEN ON THE GROUND MAKE
VERY POOR WAGES.
From Fifty Cents to Two Dollars a
Day the Average Earnings of
Men at the New Gold
Fields.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO, June B.— The steamer St.
Denis, which arriveu at Ensenada to-day
from San Rn<|ue, the landing of the Si
err;i Pintada placers, brings a very dis
couraging report, calculated to put a
stop to the rush of men to that section,
though several practical miners said the
reports would not deter them from mak
ing the trip to the diggings, where they
will prospect not for placer gold but for
rich quartz ledges which are believed to
exist near the placers. A special dis
patch received to-night by the Union
from its correspondent, who is returning
from a week's stay in the diggings, con
tains the following details:
Kxperienced American miners (not (tender
feet), who carefully prospected many miles of
the Sierra Pintada placers, aeree that there Is
nothing there worth while for Americans — not
even wages. Th«> dally earnings per man is
I>!a''Cd at from 50 cents to $2 .'•0 American
money. The placers are extensive, gold ex
isting in small quantities In hundreds of
gulches, but it Is quickly worked out. The
present dlpßinps are comparatively exhausted.
nn.i no claims have been located or considered
worth locating by Americans or Mexicans, po
far as oould be learned. The camp Is well sup
plied with Mexican dry washers, which (io the
best work. Nearly all miners have some gold
carrier! In cartridge shells, averaping from 50
cents to $2 i»er man. Any ri.ch strikes made
have not been heard of In camp. Kmiliano
Ibarra stated to me positively that this Is no
Klondike; there is no bonanza at the Sierra
Pintada placers. Any American who has come
down here expecting to get rich by (ilsKins
Kold had better go home at once. Ibarra said
a liberal estimate of the earnings of the camp
would be- from $4 to $T> In Mexican money per
man dally. Franciscn Salorio, the customs In
spector, denieil to me that he said Mexicans
were getting gold by throwing dirt on blankets.
He saya he only said that Mexicans had told
him that they were making 1 what were to them
satisfactory wages. I am reliably informed that
Salorlo's report, as sent out from here, was
obtained hy him from a one night's visit to the
Water hole, eighteen miles from the placers.
Andres Strickroth of lbs & <'0., merchants
at Ensenada, returned on the Pt. Denis with
me and others. He went there expecting to
open a store, but quickly decided that the Meld
is not a good one and that the excitement will
so in subside. He said he was advised that the
total clean up of the camp for the past three
months was not more than $*>i>V), which is enn-
I a liberal allowance, and no considerable
amount of gold has been shipped from the dig
gings to Mazatlan or any other point. Some of
the passengers en route to the placers on the
schooners Negus, Acme, Alta and others
changed their minis here upon hearing the
news from the St. Denis, ami are returning on
the steamer to-night to Pan IM^gn.
Many miners are left at the placers.
and a telegram received late to-night
from Ensenada states that there is prounrl
for many of the previous reports °ent
out. There is gr>lr] in the digging's, but
many of the men returning on the St.
penis have found it "mixed with dirt"
and were discouraged. More favorable
reports than those received to-night are
expected later.
Inventor Hoe's great story, "How I
Built the First Printing Press," in
next Sunday's Call.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAT IN THE YEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. M.
DINING ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR. j
FRED HARVEY, AND ARK PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL, SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. 628
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE, Main 1531.
OAKLAND OFFICE. HIS Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE. 201 J street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE, 7 W. Santa Clara street.
I A Superb Train
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR
£S7^^!!k^>^^^j VIA i lit*
IPpUnion Pacific.
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUT CHANGE.
BOTFET SMOKING and library cars
WITH BARBER SHOP.
DOUBLE DRAWING ROOM SLEEPER*
FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS.
PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS.
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE).
ONLY SH DAYS TO CHICAGO.
LMtTes San Francisco dally at I p. no.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Genera] Agent.
Ho. 1 Montgomery street, San Francisco.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
: Vis Bauaalita Parry.
\ Commencing April -23. 1899.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO, '8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m. ;
•1-45 3:20, 4:00, 5:15, '6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »B:OO. »9:00. •lthOO. 11:00, 11:30
a. m.: 1:00, *1:45, »2:30, »4:00, 5:30, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Raf'l Sundays.
5:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Train's marked (*) run to San Quentin.
FROM BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— *6:40. 7:55, 8:40, »10:20
a. m.: 12:30. 2:15, »3:40, 4:36, 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO. '8:00, »9:45, »WAS, »11:45
a. m. 1:00. 2:20, *3:30, »5:15, •6:0'), 7:00, 10:15
p. m.
Trains marked (') run to San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:43. 6:50, 7:55, 8:55. 10:35
a, m.: 12:35, 2:45, 4:55. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on . Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00, 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:00. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:05,
1:20 2:40, 3:55. 5:30. 6:30. 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS. .
7:00 a. m. week days — Caradero and way sta'ns.
3:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays exoepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p.m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAy
Leave San Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY, April 23, 1599.
WEEK DAYS, 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
ings, Arriving in S. F. at 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS, 8, 9, 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45, 2:30
and 4 p. m. "
Fare S. F. to Summit and Return, $1 40.
THOS. COOK & SON, Agets., 621 Market at.
AUCTION SALES.
ELEGANT FURNITURE.
THIS DAY (FRIDAY), AT 11 A. M.,
1734 LARKIN STREET, CORNER JACKSON.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD. <•-■■: Market st.
\ \ /Ifipffjjl^gj^ TUMORS CURED
t*& No Pay until
%ram~~ " Any lum p in a
fi^^^^^'^L woman's breast is
JbH ■r^'% cancer; they al-
-Aays poison the
B. l/^-^'WL in armpit.
S When ihc cancer
'.a armpit gets large cure vis impossible.
Pace and lip also very common places.
90 PAGE BOOK SENT FREE
With testimonials of thousands I hays Cured
S. R. CHAMLEY, M. D., 25 Third St., S. F.
SEND to SOME ONE with CANCER
KAILROAD TRAVEL.
■ KOITTIIKKW PACIFIC (OJIP4ST.
(PACIFIC SISTESI.)
Trains lruv« ami »r«t «lv« to nrrlre at
NAN I'ltANt'l.SCO.
• - , (Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
liave — From June 1, 1599. — arriv»
7:00 a Cenicia, fiuigun and Sacramento. . . . 0:45p
7:OOa Maryßvillo, OroTiiloand Redding via
Woodland Ss4.lf
7:00 a Elmira, Vacavillo and Rumsey 8:45p
7:30 a Martinez, Han Ramon, Vallejo. Napa,
Oalistoga and Santft Rosa 6:15?
8:00 a Atlantic Express, Ogden and East.. 8:45p
Mi'.lUa San .lose, Livermore, Htockkou,
lone, Bacramento, Placerville,
Marysrille. Cti-100, UedUlufl <:!»»
B:Boa 'Milton, OakdaU' and Honora 4:1R»
O:OOa Haywards. Nilea and Way Stations. I 1:45 a.
U:O<U Martinez. Tracy. Latbrop, Stockton,
Merc d and Fresno 12:159
UiO»a Fresno, UakcnQeld, Sauta Barbara.
Lou Angeles, Ucmiiig, £1 I'aso,
New Orleans and East 6:43?
1O:OOa Vallojo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:45?
1 1 :OOa Haywards. N'iU-B and Way Stations. 2:*sp
12:00 m Niies, Livermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, MecJota, Hanford, Visalia,
Portervillo 4:1B#
•l:OOp Sacramento IMrerStenmers *8:00p
3:00p Ilayivarfls, Niles and Way Stations. 8:45*
4:(M»i> Martinez, Ran Ramon, Vallejo,
1 Napa, Oallstoßa, Hanta IJosa D 1134
4iOOi- Benicia, Vacaville, Hacraiiio.ito,
Wood and. Knight* Landing,
MaryßVille, Oroville 10:434
4iBopNUes, Han Josoaud Stockton 7:13 l»
4:30p Yosemite Sleeping Car for Raymond 12:13*
O:OOpTho Owl. Tracy, Fresno, Bakers-
field, (Jaugua for Santa Barbara,
Lor Angeles 9:45
B:30p Stockton, Merced, Fresno 12»13#
si3op Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
Mojavo and Lou Angeles 8:40*
0:30r Santa I'D Route, Atlantic Kxpress
for Mojavo and East 6:45?
O:OOp European Moil, Ogden and Hast 9:4.1*
GiOOp Ilayirards, Nilea and Kan Jobo 7: 15.1.
•6:OOp Vullejo 12:1
7i«Oi> Oregon Hxprenfl,Bacratiiento, Marys-
ville. Beddtng, Portland, Tnget
Sound mill ICast 7i4»A
t»i*«p Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
-4 Mom tiO'^Of
COAST DIVISION (Narrow (isinite).
(Foot of Market Street.)
{7:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa ?
Cruz and Principal Way Stations t*s® s '
8:1 3 a Newark, C'enterville.San Jose, Fdton,
• ■'■': BoulderCreek.SantaOruzandWay
Stations 3jso#
2il3p Newark, Contcrvillo, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations «10:30*
4:13p San Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions 9:24*
64: 1 5p Felton, Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
tions / 9:204
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIS mSCISCO— Foot cf Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.M. 1:00 *2:00 t3:of
•1:00 tB:OO *6:00 p.M.
FromOiUlHD— Fool orßrosdwaj.— "o:oo 8:00 I0:00a.M.
■ tl2-00 *l:00 t3:00 *3:03 t i;CO *6:OQp.M 1
COAST DIVISION (I) road Onuge).
(Third and Townsciid St 3.)
•6:1Oa Ocean View. South ban Francirco.. *0:30?
; •7:OOa San Joso mid Wny Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) 1:30*
}7:30 a Sunday Excursion for .San Jose,
Santi I'm/, Piicino Grove and
■ Principal Way Stations £8:339
UiOOa San .lose, Trea PiuOfl, Kmit:i Orin,
Pacillc Grove, Paao Itoblcs, .San
Luis OUlspo, Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way .Stations 4:I0p
10:10 a Sau .lose and Wny Stations «S:OO*
11:30 a San Jose and Way .Stations 5:30»
1 i *2:43pSon Mateo, Redwood, Mcnlo Park,
Palo Alto. .Sapta Clara, San .loße,
Giiroy, Hollister, Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and I'acitic
Grove •10:30*
•3:30p Sau .lose and Way Stat ions j *O:OI) *
i •4:15p San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 9:43*
•3:00p San Joso and Principal Way Stations O:S3*
5:30p Sau Jose and Principal Way Stations "8:33 A
| 0:30p San Jose and Way Stations 7:30?
t11:45p San Jose and Way Stations 7:30p
A for Morning. I' for Afternoon.
• Sunday eicepted. J Sunday only. » Saturday only.
bSaturday and Sunday /.Sunday and Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BY. CO,
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COAI> ANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
IrVEEK DAYS— 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35»
1:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:a*
and 11:30 p. m.
BUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:3*,
t:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12 : U.
8:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — trips at
1:06 and 3:35 p. m.
\ SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40, 5:051,
6:25 p. m. j
Between San Francisco and Scbuetzen Park
| lime schedule as above.
Leave ' ' Arrive
i San Francisco. In - Effect San Francisco.
— . . April 1«. ! ■■■
Week Sun- 1599. Sun- Week
Pays. days. Destination. days. Days.
7:30 am 6:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
1:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. ! 8:05 pm 10:25 an*
1:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton,
t:S9am Windsor, 10:25 am
HeaMsburg*.
Lytton,
Geyserville.
1:80 pm 8:00 am Oloverdale, 7:36 pm 6:20 pm
| T:3Q am Hopiand and 10:25 am
i 1:30 pm 8:00 am l.'kiah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:20 am . 10:25 as*
8:00 am auernevllle. 7:35 pm
1:30 pm 6:20 pm
7:80 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 an*
and
1:10 pm 5:60 pro Glen Ellen. ! 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. .10:40 am 10:25 an
8:30 pm| 5:00 pm I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pra
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skapgt
1 Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
' land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
i Kelaeyvllle, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vich*
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, La rep
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Forney,
! Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's.
Ducknell's, Sanhedrln Heights, Hum-tile,
Booneville, Philo, Christine, Soda Springs.
Navarm, Whltesboro, Albion, Little River,
Orr's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg-. .
Westport. Unal. Wlllltts, Laytonville, Cum«
mtng's, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point<
beyond Sai* Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bldg.
H C WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUI3
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 28. 1899. trains will run as follows*
South-bound. - North-bound.
_ . 4
Puaen- I Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger. <
Dally. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Dally. •;'
, T:tO am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:00 pm
1 1:10 am 2:06 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am 8:85 pra Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pra
11:38 am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am', 1:45 pra
f :85 pro 12:30 am Bakerafleld 1:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 am « :25 pm VlsaHa 8:40 am 1:22 pra
If :1B pm 6:51 pm] Tulare 5:50 am 1:05 pm
Stopping at Intermediate points aa required.
For particulars of stage and other connection*
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 821 Marks*
, Xtr— t- Ban Francisco.
•*~*|k Dr.. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Jrirrurl *»- >: » KEAii.VY NT. Establisned
Wirm In 183 1 for the treatment of Private
» lk,W lilseiLS<*B, Lost Manhood. Debility or
HHHbHA disease wearing on bodyund mind ar.a
OftBNJsk*J!>/i -Skill Diseases, rhedociorcureswh
. ah.': s fall. Try him. Charges low.
<nrp»cuaranli'p(l. Cailorwrito. '
2>r. 4. 1". *ikiiii\t Ji, Box 1337, Sac FranclacQh
910
THE SWEET GIRL
GRADUATE AND
HER DIPLOMA
Exercises at the High
School.
GOODBY TO SCHOOL DAYS
THE MANY ADVANTAGES OF A
HIGHER EDUCATION.
Flowers and Pretty Speeches for the
Seventy-Nine Misses Who
Now Can Close Their
Books.
nty-nine young misses arrayed in ,
and cl >s< ly hug
their sides big bunches of fragrant
i from Superintendent j
Webster last i much-coveted dip- I ■
!■ ma. ' ' the huii- j
obi gradual I
auditorium of the Girls' High |
crowdi -.'. with an audience |
i and friends thai as-
I to witness che Impressive com
nent exercises. Flowers and palms
: • bi autiful, bul
handsomest blossoms paled into Inslgnifi
. eside the assembled loveliness oi
the fair young misses whose school days
aro now "over.
The programme was a more than usual
ly good one. Tho graduates furnished the
niuslcal end and President P. A. Bergerot
of. the Board of Education, Mayor Phe
lan; Superintendent Webster and Princi
pal Brooks lent their oratory for the liter
ary features*.
President Berber it's address was a
happy mingling of sage advice and a
tribute to the higher txiucation as pre- |
eented by the" fair young graduates. Ihe
speaker said in part:
This Is Indeed ft happy day, a blissful event
for you all. Ji will form an epoch In ycur
young lives worthy to be singled out "with a ;
white stone." To some of you it will mean j
the termination of your career as students and j
the signal for you to make your debut on the
stage of life. To others thes.* commencement I
exercises and your graduation from this school |
■nil! serve but aa a prelude for your admission
Into some higher institution of learning:, where
you may prosecute your studies in order to at
tain some definite purpose or goal. To all of
you it represents a period of three years which
jour instructors have faithfully devoted to
cultivating jour minds and hearts for the re- I
ceptlon of stores of useful knowledge and !
ennobling principles.
It is a trite saying, young ladies, that knowl
edge Is power. A liberal education, as far as
It; goes, is also power. The mental training
and discipline which it gives enable a person
to take a practical hold of life or to enter into :
almost any avocation or occupation not re
quiring special preparation. It transforms the
uneducated laborer or artisan from the auto
maton or machine that he often is into a :
rational, thinking. Intelligent Individual!* It
makes a better citizen of a man by broadening
his views of life and thincs and men. It. en
larges his sympathies and qualifies him for
moral or Intellectual leadership among his fel
lows. It (fives its possessor confidence in his j
own abilities. Educated men and women gen- ;
erally know what to do in any emergency,
when to do it and how to do it right.
It is not true, young lies, as announced
a few weeks afro in a p<«n-prandlal speech by I
one of the greatest capitalists, that there is I
prevalent in this country a tendency to over- ;
educate the masses. Such a statement, in the I
first place, implies a contradiction in terms.
There can he no turn a thing as over-education, j
It is universally conceded by liberal minds that ;
education is nn excellent thins, and. if It be j
an excellent thine for the wealthy class of our i
people, all the m«>re is it an excellent boon for j
our less favored fellow, citizens. To say that
the Increase of higher education among the
people is a fact to be deplored is to admit
that education is a curse and not a blessing.
It is a libel upon human nature to utter such |
sentiments on the eve of the twentieth cen- !
tury. It is nothing more or less than a plea for |
the return of the dark ages, when learning |
was the privilege of the few. and when the
masses were In a stat«' of abject serfdom by j
reason of their abject ignorance and benighted i
condition.
No form of honest labor or work is degrading
to prince or pauper. Dr. Jordan tells us that
a boy fir girl can have no nobler ancestors than
those who have worked for a living. This |
truth may be extended by saying that the best
way to honor or venerate the memory of such
ancestors is to imitate their good example.
Labor If elevating. It is man's noblest orna
ment. Every form of excellence in the me
chanical, commercial, moral or intellectual
world arises from and Is traceable to labor. ■
Genius Is labor and labor is g«xlllness.
young In.:. you are now ab vi to go out
into the world to accomplish your destinies in
your chosen spheres of action.
Life and existence and the world appear to !
you to-day as things of sweetness and loveli- j
ness. Your dreams 'I lans and air castles
are suffused with a roseate tinge that Is sooth
ing to the mental eye and which fills your
hearts with hope and inspiration. I, tor one,
on such an occasion as this, would not utter a
single thought that might mar your happy dis
position to look on the brightest side of things.
After all, your Ideals are not altogether an
Illusion. The searchlight of reality, as you
elbow your fellow creatures in the walks of
life, may perchance dispel some of the glamour
which now surrounds you: but, if you are prop- ,
erly constituted, II you have properly assimi
lated the learning which your teachers have
sought to instill into your minds, your ideals
Fhould survive and resist all attacks upon the
outer world.
Like everything that is mortal, you will re
ceive your proportionate share of those neees
fnr>' concomitants of the purest Joys and pleas
ures Incident to existence But you should
never suffer any ills or reverses to depress
your hearts or to weaken your fixity of pur
pose. You will find that the most menacing,
foreboding clouds, in stormy weather, In the
moral as well as in the physical world, have a
silver lining.
Continue, therefore, in your Innocent, guile
less ways, to be buoyant, cheerful, hopeful, as
you emerge to-night from these fond scenes of
your school days to face the sterner realties
and struggles of life. Armed, as you are, with
"the will to do and the soul to dare," we ex
pect much of you, and we know that our hop-«
i- you are not misplaced.
Mayor I'll. -lan started his address with
a witty bit of Marsh-ill Wilder: "Said a
nan to a wise friend, 'I am going down
to address the graduates of a seminary i
j'n'l what to talk about I don't know.'
'Talk about two minutes.' said wise
friend." and in his pithy talk the Mayor
took the advice of the man of wisdom
In tho course of his remarks tho Mayor
complimented Mr. Bergerot, but deplored
the fact that he found necessity to es
qouse the cause of higher education
"Higher education." said Mr Phelan
"tends to satisfy people with better and
higher things than wealth. Aim high and
' Btrlve for that distinction which other fair :
daughters of California have already
won."
The programme in full was as follows:
March, "California Girl," composed by Miss
Bertha Roberts, class of '99: addresa President
P. a. nergerot: chorus, "Twilight Star" (Barn
by); vocal solo, "Nymphs and Fauns" (Bem
berg), Miss Grace I. Davis, class of '95; ad
dress. Hon. James D. Phelan, Mayor; chorus
and solo. "Aye Maria" (AM), solo Miss Grace
I. Davis, class of '9. >; vocal solo, "Klsa's
Dream" (Wagner), Miss Maude Fay, class of
"■•'■: presentation of Hie class of 1899, Principal
Ellsha Brooks: vocal solo. "Summer" (Cham
•■nade). Miss Florence Doane, class of '94; pre
sentation of diplomas. Superintendent R. H.
Webster; chorus, "Wanderer's Evening Song"
(Rubinstein).
The list of graduates is as follows:
Mabel C. A. Ahrens, Aurora Evangeline Artl-
Fue . Mary Swift Bally, Ethel Banks, Corlnne
Barry. Ernestine Dorothy Basch, Esther Baum,
Florence Relknap, Hazel Bertz, Fanny Caro
line Romalne de Boom, Maude Gertrude Bond.
Clara Simmons Brown, Frances Virginia Buf
ford, Shirley Sidney Hurt. Ethel Browning
'Mark, Mathilde Elaine Contents, Ina Estelle
Collins. Jessie Marian Davis, Mabel Donald
son, Alicia Lane Dufflcy, May Gaffney, Louise
Geary'. Jennie Claire Glynn, Emma Catharine
Hardy, Elsa Harris. Marion Agnes Hennessy,
Elsie Hess, Helena J. Hlnz, Emily Leona Ho
bro, Josephine Llpplncott Hofmann. Rose Ja
cnbson, Grace Kane. Ethel Camllle Krauss, '
Therese Krohn. Bchone Kurlandzik, Blanche
Bena Latz, Elsie Leale, Eva A. Levy, Juliette
Wlnnifred Levy, Evelyn Dorothy Lewison, Jen- !
nic Ltchtig. Helen Clare Lillls. Nellie Maude
Lincoln, Alice Lyser, Florence Manor, Lena '
Christina Mausshardt, Gertrude Mayers, Ger
trude McGeehan. Rosamond Mary Meherln,
Lyle Merritt, Maude St. Lawrence Mulier. i
Vintie Munson, Anna Nlcolson. Mary Zita I
O'Connell, May Eleanor O'Donnell, Mary Jose
phine O'Keefe, Ida Helen Onyon, Lilian Viola
Onyon, Mary Parks, Etta Parsons, Bessie Edna '
Pennington, Elsie Inez Preston, Bertha Elder
kin Roberts, Maude Schendel, Vllhllmlna
Schrelner, Mary Shannessy, Charlotte Shoen- ',
berg, Adriana Spadonl, Gay Spencer, Caroline ;
Louisa Stevenson. Anita Sullivan, Etta Her- !
mine Tessmer. Bertha WaldrafT. Edna Mary
Wemple. Ella Albertlne Wenzelburger, Flora i
Beatrice Wepfer, Ella Westerfeld, Imelda Ea
telle White, Augusta Lucretla Wolfsohn.
The Lodi Hisrh School.
The Legislature of 1895 passed a law by
which high school districts could be es
tablished in localities of 1000 inhabitants,
and the population of Ixidl, San Joaquin
County, has the required number of in
habitants. Accordingly a high school dis
trict was formed and" a schoolhouse was
built. Reuben Pixley, n. taxpayer there,
; resisted the improvement, and by leave
: of the Attorney General brought action
against the district school trustees to pre
vent them from exercising the functions
as such. He claimed that his property
was being confiscated without due pro
cess of law in this: That the Superin
tendent of Schools made the estimate for
the improvement and the lavy was made
by the Board of Supervisors. His con
! tention was that the County Auditor, if
any one, should have made the estimate;
and further, that the law under which
the officials operated was a special law.
The case went to the Supreme Court on
appeal and the Justices decided that the
Legislature had the right to make the
law, ;us a high school is a preparatory in
stitution of learning and not like a col
!•!-'<; also that the law is in no way spe
cial.
John W. Taylor to Lecture.
At the request of majiy prominent clti- I
zf ns John W. Taylor, former Superintend
ent of Schools of the city, who has just !
returned from the Philippine Islands, will
deliver a lecture, with Btereopticon illus- j
tratlons, next Tuesday evening at Sher
man, Clay & Co.'a Hall. The discourse
will be unusually Interesting and will be j
delivered by a brilliant speaker, well in- I
formed on the history and events of the ;
Pacific possessions. At the solicitation of i
the following gentlemen Mr. Taylor has
consented to give the public his views on
the land of the "Far Bast":
Lloyd Tevis, George Crocker, Charles
Webb Howard, Vanderlynn Stow. E. B.
Pond Th imas Brown. William Alvord, >'>.
\V. Beaver, Horatio Stebbins, George C.
Perkins, John Taylor. J. S. Bunm-11, I>. J.
Staples, Wilfrid B. Chapman, l. M. Scott.
James B. Stetson, C. E. Green, 11. c,.
Platt, Horace Wilson, A. F. Morrison. W.
H. Mills, Horace Davis, W. P. Redington,
Pelham W. Amos and William H. Sher- ■
wood.
DISCUSS PLANS FOR A
FOURTH OF JULY PARADE
ESTIMATED THAT TEN THOU
SAND WILL MARCH.
Grand Marshal Costello Selects A. A.
Borlini Jr. to Act as His Chief
of Staff.
Preparations for the big 4th of July
-ltion arc progressing rapidly, and
the members of thn various committees
are more than satisfied with the outlook.
A meeting of the parade committee, pre
sided over by A. A. Borllnl, was held lnst
evening and the details of thp parade
were discussed. It is estimated thero
will be fully K>.floo people in line on the
morning: of the 4th. The -Kxv> recruits at
the Presidio have been invited to partici
pate, as well as the Twenty-fourth col
ored Infantry, and it Is thought both in
vitations will be accepted. Tho recently
reorganized Fjfth California will also be
in line, and the regiment of Nebraska
volunteers, now en route to this port from
the Philippines, will also be here and will
be invited to march.
A sub-committee, consisting of Grand
Marshal S. V. Costello, Benjamin Davis
and I. Schwartz, was appointed to Inter
view the Western Meat Company and the
Butchers' Board of Trade to induce them
free to the closing of all meat mar
to ts on the 4th. Other storekeepers will
also be asked to close. A committee con
sisting of T. H. Robinson and Benjamin
]">avis was also appointed to consult mer
chant captains and naval officers of the
United States vessels in port on the sub
ject of decorating the ships on that day.
The regatta committee also met, and
■or Henderson was detailed to ar
range for *he decoration of all the ships
in the harbor. It Is also proposed to have
a yai ht race for the schooner class on the
afternoon of the 4th.
Grand Marshal Costello has appointed
A. A. Borlini. who was grand marshal of
last year's parade, as his chief of staff.
The other members will probably b
locted from among thj? officers now in the
city who served In the Philippines and in
Cuba during the late war.
DALY'S BODY WILL
BE BROUGHT ACROSS
Mourning in London Over the Un
timely Demise of the Greafc
Manager.
LONDON. Juno V-Th.' flags on Daly's
Theater were half-masted to-day on ac
count of the death of Augustin Daly, and
among the large colony of American act
ors and actresses here his demise Is the :
subject of groat regret.
Charles Frohman said: "I regard Sir
Henry Irving arid Mr. Daly as having
done more for the elevation of the Btage
in their respective countries than
managers of the time, ami America's loss
in this respect is Irreparable."
Mr. Daly left London on Saturday, hav
ing apparently fully regained his health.
and insisted on a little outing in Paris.
He expressed the fullest confidence in the
st;e<<ss of the suit against George Ed-.
wards (growing out of a dispute as to the
division of profits of Daly's Theater. Lon
<!mt!. of which Edwards is the owner ami
Daly the- lessee), which was to be called
on June 20, when Mr. Daly expected to
regain control of the theater. The Hon.
Mrs. Eric Harrington, a great friend of
the. late Mr. Daly, and Ada Kehan went
to Paris to-day with some friends in or- j
dor to console Mrs. Daly in her bereave
ment.
Mr. Daly's body will bo taken to the
United States for interment.
EXTENSION OXNARD
BRANCH OF RAILROAD
Work Will Be Completed in Sixty-
Days in Order to Handle the
Sugar Beet Crop.
OXNABD, Juno 8. — A party of surveyors
has boon at work for several weeks under
the direction of Construction Engineer
George E. Boschke on the linn of the
extension of the Oxnard branch of the
Southern Pacific, to Chatsworth Park,
where it will connect with the short line
running out from Burbank mi tho main
line lessening the distance to Los Angeles
about twenty miles. The total distance
fmm here to Chatsworth Park is thirty
four miles. This will ultimately form "a
par; of tho coast line from Los Angeles to
Ban Kranoisco. as tho distance j s shorter
and tho grades and curves easier than on
tho present route via Saugus.
James Cassian of Grant Brothers, who
are building the branch, arrived yesterday
with seventy-five men, ten cars of mate
rial and l 1 horses to commence work on
tho first eighteen miles to Somis, and
ground was. brokon just oast of
this place at 10 a. m. to-day. This
section of tho road is to bo completed
within sixty days, in accordance with the
agreement with the American Beet Sugar
Company to have the road in operation
as far as Somis in time to handle the beet
crop for the com Ins season.
PADEREWSKI'S MARRIAGE.
It Seems That Miss Helen Rosen Is
His Bride.
Rperl.il Cfeble to The Call and the Now York
Horal-1. Copyrighted, ISM. by James Gor
don Bennett.
PARIS, June R.— The Warsaw Condor
1 announces that M. I^naee Paderewskl and
Miss Helen Rosen wore married at the
! Polish Church of the Holy Ghost on
Wednesday, May 3. The pianist came to
; Warsaw incognito. No friends were in
vited to the ceremony and the newly mar
I ried couple left on Sunday for M. Pad
' erewnki's estate at Rozpisza, to go thence
i to Lausanne.
NKW YORK, June B— On May 31 a spe
cial cable dispatch to the Herald from
Paris denied the rumor that Paderewski
had married Mme. Gerskl last December,
who, it was explained, was in reality his
own sister and had been the wife of Lad
islas Gerski. the violinist. It now seems
■ that there was truth in the rumor of the
marriage itself of M. Paderewski. The
pianist was unfortunate in his first mar
riage as he was left a widower at an
early 'age, with the care devolving on him
; of an invalid child.
Gertrude Atherton's new story,
"Cupid the Golden," will be In next
Sunday's Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAT.L,, FRIDAY, JXJ^TE 9, 1899.
SHOT HIMSELF
WHILE CRAZED
THROUGH DRINK
Attempted Suicide of
Guy H. Borland.
BULLET IN THE ABDOMEN
WALKED THE STREETS HOURS,
THOUGH WOUNDED.
The Unfortunate Youth Well Known
About Town and Is the Son of
a Prominent Businear
Man.
Temporarily crazed by liquor, young
Guy H. .Borland, one of the best known
of the very young set who tread the
primrose path, sent a bullet into his body
last Tuesday afternoon and is now lying
in the Waldeck Hospital. The would-be
suicide is a son of James 11. Borland,
general agent of the National Surety
i ompany, with offices at 308 and 309 Claus
Spreckels building. Besides being a no
tary public, young Borland has been
clerking for his father, and it was in the
private office of the company that the
desperate youth lired the bullet that
narrowly missed a fatal course.
The elder Borland is at present in the
East and Guy has been traveling ihe
downward path for some time. Although
only a year or two pa^t his majority, he
has been a familiar ligure in the tender
loin for many months.
For the past two or three weeks, how
ever, his friends say he has been drink
ing to an unusual extent, and had de
veioped an appetite for absinthe, which he
consumed in large quantities.
The Inevitable woman in i lie case ap
pears in the person of a commanding
blonde, who has been an almost daily
Visitor at young Borland's office of late.
A tVw days ago the young man intro
duced her to an acquaintance as his wife.
The friend was surprised, as the woman
appeared to be Borland's senior by sev
eral years. To other friends Borland
spoke of her a-s his wife, and said he had
married her only a few days ago.
Tuesday afternoon Borland entered the
outer oltice, where two young lady sten
ographers were at work. He appeared to
nsiderably under the Influence of
liquor, but aside from that there was
nothing unusual in his appearance. Bor
land passed into the private office, locking
the door behind him. It was then about
3:30 o'clock.
The two stenographers thought nothing
of this and continued with their work,
when they were startled by the report ii
a pistol coming from the private office.
They summoned assistance from some ol
the adjacent offices, but it was impossible
to effect an entrance, as the door opening
into the hall was bolted a~ well as
other one. The janitor was sent for, and
|usi as he was about to force an entrance
the door opening Into the hall swung open
and young Borland walked out.
"Jt s all right," he exclaimed. No
body's hurt," and he entered the elevator
and went up Into the cafe. He was ii.ih-r
than usual and his vest was considerably
burned by powder, but he walked erect
bowed no sign of being woun< I.
■\ft.r a time Borland wern down stairs,
accompanied by the colored office boy. He
stopped In thi lobby of the building and
spoke to the janitor, who advised urn lo
ome fresh air and he would feel bet-
In the meantime, after Borland opened
the office door and went up to th.
the room was searched and an ola-rasn-
Loned derringer, carrying an unusually
bullet, was found. This was the
weapon the desperate youth had turned
on himself.
After passing into the street nothing
more was Been of Borland until about 3
o'clock that night, when he went to the
Wai. leek, and summoning the attending
physician opened bis vest and exposed a
wound In the abdomen.
"Can you fix that up?" hr- asked the
doctor without manifesting the least con-
Borland was taken in charge and an at
tempi was mad- to extract the bullet,
hut without success, as it was though! to
have lodged in the back. There had been
.-ome internal hemorrhage, and the doctor
was amazed at Borland's strength and
vitality in walking about for so long a
tune after receiving such a wound.
Yesterday the patient was placed under
an X ray. and it is hoped the bullet can
ated by that means. The attending
physician says that Borland's Strength
is simply marvelous. But he is in no Im
mediate danger and will entirely recover
if be takes proper care of himself.
His immediate relatives only are. al
lowed to Bee the patient and they will
make no statement whatever. In fact,
every effort was made to hush up the af
fair entirely, with the result that It did
not leak out for twenty-four hours after
the shooting. The colored office boy, who
left the building with Borland, has dis
appeared; the two stenographers will not
admit that they even heard the shot, and
those who were called in had nothing
whatever to say about it. .
Shortly after the shooting tho blonde
lady called at the office, and on being In
formed of the shooting hurried away and
has not since been seen.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Chaplains Potter and Fre^land Or
dered From California to
t the Philippines.
i WASHINGT* >N, June B.— By direction of
the Acting Secretary of War the follow
ing chaplains of tho army, upon com
pletion of such duty as may bo assigned
| them by the commanding general of the
Department of California, will proceed to
Manila and report in person to the com
manding- general of the Department of
the Pacific for assignment to duty, re
spectively, as chaplain of one of the regu
, lar regiments serving in his command:
Chaplain Joseph A. Potter and. Chaplain
Charles W. Freeland.
Acting Assistant Surgeon Donald Mac-
Lean Jr. is relieved from further duty at
the general hospital at Savannah, Ga.,
and will itroceed to San Francisco and
report in person to the commanding gen
eral of tlie Department of California for
assignment to duty in that department.
The following enlisted men now at sta-
I tlon.s designated after their respective
names will be discharged from the ser
i vice of the United States by the com
manding officers of their respective sta
tions: Private Arthur C. Smith, Battery
; A. Third United States Artillery, Circle
City, Alaska; Private Charles B. Burgee,
Company K. Fourteenth Infantry, Ma
nila. The following enlisted men now at
, the stations designated after their respec
tive names are transferred as privates
te the Hospital Corps and assigned to
duty at their prosen.t stations: Private
' Jackson C. McMurray, Twenty-fourth
I United States Infantry, Presidio of San
■ Francisco; Walter M. Allen, Company C,
Seventeenth United Status Infantry, Ma
' nila.
Pensions: California— Original— Walter
i Berk, San Francisco, $0; Samuel Bretz,
! Alameda. $G; Charles Fletcher, Quincy, $t>.
■ Restoration and reissue — Jesse Scott,
Downey, P.O. Increase — Lewis A. Wait,
Ventura, $8 to $10. Original widows, etc.—
Bailie A. Scott. Downey, $12; Annie C.
Walter, San Francisco, $8.
Washington— Original— Charles J. Love
joy. Clover, Pi; Samuel A. Woods, Wil
bur, $C.
( "regon— Original— John T. Smith, La
tourell Falls, $C. Increase (Special, May
31)— Miles Rowen, Oregon City, $8 to $12.
CRIPPLED IN BAD WEATHER.
Tempestuous Voyage of the Lumber-
Laden Bark Hesper.
PORT TOIVNSEND. Wash., June B.—
According 1 to advices brought by the
steamship Tacoma from the Orient, the
bark Hesper, which sailed from this port
March 9, lumber laden, for Kiaochau.
came near being numbered among the
missing. On April 28, when in the neigh
borhood of the Ladrones, a hurricane
was encountered causing her deckload to
shift and throwing the vessel on her beam
ends.
The main rail stanchions and bulwarks
were carried away, and the vessel became
waterlogged with four feet of water all
over the deck and with a list' of fully
eight points to port. In that condition
the vessel sailed nearly 1000 miles. One
hundred and twenty miles from Nagasaki
she was spoken by the United States
transport Pennsylvania, and an offer was
made to take her captain and crew on
board or to tow her into port. Both offers
were refused. The Pennsylvania sent a
quantity of provisions to the waterlogged
vessel and proceeded to Nagasaki. Cap
tain Sodergren, who was accompanied hy
his wife, had his quarters in a tent onilie
higher portion of the deck. She reached
her destination May 27.
MRS. FRANCES BROOME
AGAIN UNDER ARREST
Attempts to Build a Board Fence
Whex« the Obstructive Hedge
Was Removed.
SANTA BARBARA. Juno B.— Mrs. Fran
ces Broome, the woman who some time j
ago caused considerable disturbance when
the City Marshal attempted to remove a
hedge which was on the street in front of
her property In Michel torena street, whose
arrest caused much comment, was again
arrested this morning. Her trial is now
pending in the Superior Court and has
be.-n s.-t for August 1. This morning she
instructed workmen to build a board fence
where the hedge had stood and she her
seif superintended its construction. The
city authorities ascertained this and ; # n
mediately, by the advice of City Attorney
McNulta and Mayor Burke, the Marshal
s-et several men to work tearing down thy,
fence.
Mrs. Broomo attempted to interfere, but
was Immediately pui under arrest. She I
was taken before Police Judge Price and \
pleaded not guilty. Her trial was set for ]
the 20th inst.
Mrs. Broome promised not to attempt to (
put up another fence or to obstruct the
street In front of her property until after
her trial. Mrs. Broome returned from San
Francisco several days ago, where she had
gone to secure counsel to defend her in
her case before the Superior Court, in
which shf> was charged with resisting an '
officer. She stated that she feared that \
all the Santa Barbara attorney* were
prejudiced against her and so had to go to
San Francisco for counsel.
BANK REFUSES TO
GIVE INFORMATION
Obstacles Placed in the Way of As-
Bessor Ortman <9£ San Joaquin
County.
STOCKTON. June B.— County Assessor
Ortman has met temporary defeat in his
initial effort to enforce the provisions of
the law passed by the last Legislature
providing for the assessment of national
bank Stocks. The Assessor cited H. H.
Hewlett, president of the First National
Bank, to appear before him for an ex
amination touching the value of the stock
in the institution he represented. Mr.
Ortman wanted a statement of thp as
sets of the bank in order to get at the true
value of the stock. Mr. Hewlett readily
gave the list of stockholders and their
holdings, but on the advice of Attorney
J. D. Nicol, by whom he was accom
panied, he declined to give any informa
tion concerning the assets of the bank,
the Stock's actual value, bills receivable
or loans.
The position taken by" the banker is that
under the Federal laws he is not required
to furnish any statement and that the
State law under which the Assessor
.'aims to be acting did not g<> Into effect
until after the first Monday of last March,
the day on which all property is made
assessable for State and county purposi s.
Assessor Ortman is a fighter, and the
matter probably will be taken by him into
court for a decision.
NEVADA'S GUBERNATORIAL
CONTEST IN PROGRESS
Ballots of a Precinct Produced by a
County Clerk Who Demanded
Mileage Fees.
CARSON, New, Juno s.— The Supremo
Court continued consideration to-day of
the Governorship contest. This morning
the ballots from Austin Precinct No. 2
wi re under consideration. There was con
siderable controvery over their seal being
broken. They were finally introduced as
testimony for the relator amid objections
On tile part of Sadler's attorneys. J. A.
Hoee.h. County clerk of Eureka County,
was placed on the stand. He demanded
mileage fees before testifying, which were
paid by McMillan, and this was followed
bj .i demand for money expended in the
transmission of the ballots. He was com
pelled to testify without tins being paid.
His testimony consisted of the mode of
transmission 'of the ballots which were
offered in evidence. Eureka Precinct
gave Sa.li.r a handsome majority, and
McMillan's attorney placed objections on
fifty-three ballots, while Sadler tiled ob
jections to twenty-two. One precinct in
Lincoln County pave McMillan one vote,
and was not objected to by Sadler's coun
sel. McMillan's evidence will occupy the
remainder of the week. Sadler's evidence
will follow immediately at the close of the
iel a tor's case.
STRUCK BY THE CARS
AND CRUSHED TO DEATH
Frightful Death of a Lad at San Jose
While Being Driven Ove.
Railroad Tracks.
SAN JOSK. June 8. — Edward T'ayson
Taylor Jr.. aged 14, son of an Oakland
bookseller, met a frightful death at 4:?,0
o'clock this afternoon. He cam.- to San
Jose last Saturday to visit his uncle, ]•'.
A. Taylor, the newspaper agent, and this
afternoon went out in a cart with Taylor.
On Lenzen avenue, where then- are three
tracks they attempted to cross while :l
swit<-h'engino was making a flying switch.
They saw the engine pass and not observ
ing the cars approaching on account of a
house obstructing the view supposed the
track was clear. The result was that a
boxcar struck the cart and young Taylor
was thrown under the wheels and his
head nearly severed from his body. Ills
companion escaped unhurt.
♦
TEXAS TAKES NO CHANCES.
Health Officers Go to New Orleans to
Investigate the Fever.
AUSTIN, Tex., June B.— State Health
Officer W. F. Blunt left last night for
N< W Orleans to make a persona] investi
gation of the yellow fever situation there,
numerous unofficial reports having
reached him of other yellow fever cases
in that city, and he determined to satisfy
himself fully on that point before raisins:
the quarantine. Before leaving h^ wired
the health authorities <>f New Orleans of
fering t'> allow freight from that city to
enter Texas after it has been first fumi
gated. The proposition was refused by
the New Orleans health officials on the
ground that there was no necessity for
such fumigation.
AGAINST MRS. STORKE.
Evidence in Connection With Anony
mous Letters Is Established.
SANTA BARBARA, June B.— sensa
tion was sprung by the prosecution in the
Yda Addis Storke case to-day. Mrs. Mat
tie Goss, an old friend of the defendant,
testified that Mrs. Storke asked her to
copy an anonymous letter, Baying that
she could not disguise her handwriting.
The defendant also declared to the wit
ness that she Intended giving several peo
ple a bad scare and hoped to live long
enough to accomplish the ruin of Dr.
Winchester and drive him from town.
The evidence was not shaken by cross
examination.
•
To Swell the Medal Fund.
STOCKTON, June B.— Stockton Parlor
No. 7 of Native Sons will do its full share
in raißlng the medal fund for California
volunteers. It has been decided to give
a patriotic concert and military reception
at the Agricultural Pavilion on the 35th
tost. f"r the benefit of the cause. The
best musical talent in the city has already
been tendered, and with no expense at
tached to the affair a considerable sum
will be realized.
A Former President Jailed.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 189!). by James (ior
don Bennett.
LiIMA, Peru, June B.— Former President
Baptlsta has been arrested for complicity
In the plot to assassinate General Pando.
It is reported that Colonel Adams, who
attracted attention by taking arms
against Peru with the Bolivian rebels,
Will take Saturday's steamer to Iquitos
via Panama for New York on a mission.
LESSONS FROM
MOSAIC CODE
Dr. Sanderson's Lecture
on Health.
CLEANLINESS IS A REQUISITE
SECRET OF THE SIMPLE LIFE OF
CHILDREN OF ISRAEL.
Modern D 5 leases Due to an Exhaus
tion of Vitality and a Failure
to Live as the Lord
Prescribed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, June B.— At the Adventist
gathering this morning Dr. A. J. Sander
son of St. Helena spoke of the conditions
of health as he Bald were revealed in the
Mosaic sanitary code. Special attention
was devoted to the principles which un
derlie those requirements by which the
children of Israel were distinguished from
all other nations. The principle of hav
ing fresh food, he said, is one that lies
at the foundation of perfect health, and
it is one of the principles by which the
children of Israel maintained their life
and health. Their food was only kept
over night on the sixth day— the food
prepared for the Sabbath. They cooked
their food sufficiently, the proper time,
and kept it in the proper condition. The
only meat that was allowed to be e*aten !
in the camp was that prepared by the ]
priests, eat<-n on the first day it was !
killed, or might possibly be eaten on the j
second day, but on the third day what- ■
ever remained was to be burned. The j
principle of cleanliness was also very
marked, fhose who ministered in the
sanctuary were obliged tp bathe daily
very frequently. They we*e obliged to
keep their clothes perfectly clean. When- !
ever the children of Israel were assem
bled before the Lord on special occasions
one of the first requirements was that
they should wash their clothes and be ;
perfectly clean. Their free, open life in
the wilderness;* their camp life with the
tents in perfect order and the system
which characterized all of the details of
their encampment, were all designed to i
educate them in the habits of careful-;
ii< ss and thoroughness.
Moses, qoI being able to enter the prom- ;
Ised land itself, and viewing the situation. :
unpleasant as it was, set himself about
to tiring out and to teach the people the
sanitary code, that was the best thing
that could be given them under the con
ditions that would surround them. He
saw that leproßy would come in because
of their departing from the simple life
which they would forsake and the warm
climate of that region. The classes of dis
ease which he gave directions concerning
were comprehended under the heading of
leprosy and of what were called "issues."
Under his classification all diseases from
which any discharge resulted were placed
under that head and regulations made
accordingly. The priest was to be the
physician of the people. For the curing
of disease they depended entirely upon
the simple life which they were instructed
in live. If the disease was contagious
they were to be kept by themselves.
There would be no ground for the fear
of contagious diseases which we now
have if the ordinary sanitary precautions
which were required at that time were
in general use. The only method of puri
fication under the sanitary code of Mosea
was simply washing with pure water and
exposing to the sunlight for a sufficient
length of time, or exposure to the open
air. Whatever of itself was found to be
unclean was destroyed by Ore without
the camp. These fires were continually
burning.
"As a people," he continued, "we are
not here Buffering from the terrible epi
demics which are sweeping over the so
called heathen nations, but we are as a
people suffering from nervous disorders ,
which arc assuming alarming proportions.
Look at the thousands of nervous wrecks I
all around you; look at the thousands of
people who are coining down with con
sumption—not because the germs of con
sumption arc so prevalent in all the coun- j
try, iiut simply because the health of the!
people, the resistance of the people has
been undermined and destroyed by the or
dinary methods of living. The use ofi»to
bacco, the free use of tea and coffee, of
imat. the lack of confidence in God, lack
of rest fulness in the people, the lack of
trust in the power of God are all factors
in weakening our constitutions so that j
under certain climatic conditions and sur- I
roundings w< suffer 1 from the colds and
diseases which affect others. What is
true In being able to resist these light
epidemics and all other things from which
people suffer is also true of nervous pros
tration and to lack of •vitality and all
those things which weaken us as a people
and weaken every individual. The Lord i
wants his people to have perfect health. !
not because he gives them a miraculous |
store of health, but because they are so
wise iii understanding that they live in
accordance with the simple- rules of !
health, and as a result do not suffer from
disease. Common sense should be exer
cised in everything in life, whether in eat
ing or drinking, in working or sleeping or
r< sting. If we frdlow in those ways we !
are at liberty, as were the children of
Israel, to enter into covenant relation
ship with God, and there shall not be a
feeble one in our midst."
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL,.
C Burray, S Rafael Miss Jones, Cal
C Solomon, Cal J McCudden&w, Valljo
It E Kent, Siii-to Miss X Devoe, Cal
It A Rogers, Cal I! Graham Jr. Cal
c H luinn A w, Cal Mrs X M Ham. L An?
C H Reed, Cal Master Ham, L Am?
W Kelly A s, Antiooh S Hlrnt. Vallejo
Wl' McFaul, S Rosa H H Bell .^ w. Cal
J H Titcomb, Millwke L> Davidson & w. Cal
N Conner, Cal A A Vanvoorhels, Sac.
C Brinder, Mill Valley X H Vanvoorhets, Sac
C H Cleveland, Cal .T I> Simpson, L Ariß
I>r T E Taggart, Cal S N Laughlin. Cal
■\v A Veith, Fresno D Hallett A w, Boston
H II Hurlow, Cal T Johnston & w, Cal
F Sharpies, Hanford Mrs M S Morel&nd. Cal
BE Jones & w. L Ang J L Depanta. Kern
\Y Farrier & w. Or G H Bodden. Yisalla
3 W Prater & w, Or J M Strioninp. S Rosa
<; \V Klnoaiii. Cal A B Eastward. Cul
\V A R Loose. Bodie Mrs Stephens, Woodld
C Shattuck. Fresno :Mlsp Stephens, Woodld
.1 W Cate, Fresno Miss Gray. Missouri
I? B Baker, La G W Cedar. I. Anu
W B ShefHeld. NT A Shephard X- w, Napa
L Parsons A w, L Ang V Mltchler, Murphys
J W Bell, Montreal G H Burron, Murphys
X Bchirmer, Cal C Harrington. Murphys
I. Kvrdins &w. Cal N l.eete. Mexioo
It C Kaiser. Chicago I, T dr> Tourniel. Cal
.1 s Robertson, HanfrtJ N Nelson, Denver
Mrs M Davidson, Cal A II Pratt, Arizona
PALACE] HOTEL.
Miss M Taylor. Cal F H Bock & w. Cal
T Williamson, N V N .1 Ruacnbaum, N V
R E Wilshcr. N V Or Wandelt, Berlin
H A iSsvy, Msuss Miss E Ebellng-. Berlin
A M IngersoU, S Dlegro Miss Elsenberg, Berlin
H S Endsley A W, I'a Miss E Wolf, Berlin
W .! Oalbralth, Omaha J C Anjuga, Arg-ntlna
\V\V Al»ll, Baltimore P Cavol, ArKentlna
H Wilson, Chicago F Guenlco, Art?ontina
w t: Morrison A w. M Moreno, Argentina
Boston 3 M Sedn. Argentina
H S Wheeler, Japan Mr & Mrs Cunning-
W Cunningham. Mass , ham, Vallejo
C M Hunter A W, Cal ,E L Colomber, Arptna
S Sprout, Jnmostnwn IA R Constant©, Arsnt
Trigar, Jamestown F Stlmson & w, Seattle
0 P Jenkins, Stanford CAB Groser, Germny
1 I i Netteon Jr. Chicag B W Zelmer, N V
E S Blrdsall .t- w, Sac F Rontjunel, N V
1 M .1 Byrne. Los Ang H dp Silva, N V
M H Greenbaum, Ky G E Goodman Jr, Napa
H W Aldis. N V
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
G H Wathrop, Denver ij R Lachman <Sr w, O
C J Cunnlnßhnm, Cal -H Hall. New Mexico
C M Irfmnra, Portland M Pardin. Redding
f; Nr McKay, Portland|E Olsen. Vallejo
F AY Shore A -. M.-rcer 1 . ;H R Jordan. Chicago
t Campbell, Sn Ramon ;w r Harper, N V
W F Fine, Llvermore J Reidy, Merced
J Mulroy, Inpl.-slde J A Bush, Santa Rosa
J Kingman, Cal C A Hoag, Santa Rosa
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every ni*rht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
257 Hayes street: open until 9:10 o'clock.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
fiir. Ijßrktn'ntreet; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2f>26 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K.
T. t Masonic Temple, Post and Mont- 4 jHH
gomery sts.— Regular assembly THIS [fij
(FRIDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. «*
I Order of the Temple. All raters are V
1 cordially Invited.
SIR JOHN TONNINGPEN. Em. Com.
SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES, Recorder.
YERBA BI'ENA Lodge of Perfection *©*
No. I.— Regular meeting THIS (FRI- A
DAY) EVENING, at 8 o'clock. D. 5. JMk
GEO. J. HOBE, Secretary. <£££?
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. and A. _
M.— THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING. 7:30 R
o'clock; 1 Degree. By order of the W. 7v3\
M. WALTER G. ANDERSON, Sec. f^w >
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE— Abandoned children in the Roman
Catholic Orphan Asylum since January, 1898:
Henrietta Barraco, aged 9 years; Anna Bar-
raco, 8; Gertrude Barns, 11; Anna Barns, 9;
Lillian Horgan, 9; Maud Edsberg, 9; Irene
Edsberg. 7; Kath. Sullivan, 6; Mary Oliver.
10.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; teL £520.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND No. 4 (30 cents per share) of the
Paauhau Sugar Plantation Company will be
payable at the office of the company, 327
Market St., on and after Saturday, June 10,
1899. Transfer books will close on Saturday,
June 3, 1899. at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
EMPLOY OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel, Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese help; established 20
years; tel. Main 1997. Bradley & Co.. 640 Clay.
: SITUATIONS WANTED — FEMALE.
TWO first-class Swedish girls from New York
want places together in private family or
hotel. C. R. HANSEN & CO., lu4 Geary St.,
phone Grant 15-5.
TWO Danish girls desire situations as cook
and second girl. J. F. CROSETT, & CO., 316
Sutter st.
NEAT vouiik girl desires situation as nurse or
i to assist in housework; $10 to $15. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
YOUNG Irish lady, just arrived, of refinement
and education, wishes position as lady's maid
or companion; unexceptional references; Ger-
man; music. Box 1606, Call.
YOUNG woman wishes position tn refined
family as children's seamstress in exchange
for eood home; would go to country. Call
i 645 Folsom St.
i SITUATION wanted by German girl to do gen-
, eral housework in German Protestant fam-
; ily or American. 125.* O'Farrell pt.
SWlililsil girl, first-class seamstress, wishes
situation at chamber work. 238 Kissling St.,
between Howard and Folsom.
GERMAN girl wishes situation to do general
housework in good family. Address il'Jli Xa-
; toma st.
, LADY wishes a position as working house-
I keeper; city or country. Call 126 Fourth st..
room 15.
\ SITUATION wanted to do dressmaking; fine
sewing; also infants' outfits. Box 1639, Call.
ELDERLY woman to take care of lady In con-
finement and care of children. 2902 16th st.
■ YOUNG girl for light housework; city or coun-
try; wages $15. 700 Natoma st.
AMERICAN woman wishes situation to do
light house, chamber or general work In Oak-
land: American family preferred; wages mod-
erate; goixi home the object. Address 213 San
Pablo aye., Oakland.
WANTED— PIace as cook In country; will work
for $5 per month where I can keep 2 children
6 and 4 ye.irs; reference given; Santa Clara
or south of San Jose preferred. Address M.
M. X.. Golden Eagle Hotel.
YOUNG German woman wishes situation to
do housework or chamberwork from '.' a. m.
to 4 p. m. by the month. Address 1047 V* Fol-
som st.
RESPECTABLE woman wants situation for
housework, cook, wash and iron; moderate
wages; no objection to short distance in the
country. Call . r .51' 2 Howard st.
GOOD washer wishes towels, flannels or plain
washing. 105 Prospect place, top floor, off
Sacramento st., near Powell.
WANTED- Position as working housekeeper or
take charge <>f rooming house. Address MRS.
J. I.KVKNS, 501 Post st.
YOUNG girl wishes to do general housework or
second work; city or country; good refer-
ences. 123 Olive aye.
I RELIABLE woman wants situation; good cook;
city or country. Box 58S, Call office.
LADY wishes sewing and mending to do at
home. 15^ Fourth St., room 12. first floor.
I WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night, $1 50 to W
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
SITI'ATIOXS WANTED — MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414H OFarrell St.; tel. East 424.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
' help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary st. : tel. Grant i.6.
YOUNQ man, respectable an.l of sober and i
industrious habits, wishes P"sition as watch-
man, night porter or janitor: disengaged
about 20th June: 12 months present place;
first-class references. Box 1620, Call.
STEADY reliable man, 50 (American); str.ng
and able; work Of most any kind; used to
horses, city, driving light wagon, generally
useful In many ways; small remuneration;
references, etc. Address box 1604. Call.
YOUNG man wants position as driver for de-
livery, bakery or laundry wagon; thoroughly
acquainted with the city: can furnish bonds
If desired. Address 621 California Bt.
SITUATION :is engineer; ls= a Orst-class ma-
chinist; understands dynamos: strictly s..f.er
and reliable: can furnish best of reference
Box ISIS. Call office.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper (German) wishes
Office work or clerking afternoons or even-
ings, ilex 1617, Call office.
SOBER, steady middle-aged man wants work
by the month; orchard or vineyard; consider-
able experience. Address box 1637. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS French, Italian and American
cook: special In short orders: can make
genuine ravioli; wants position in restaurant
JIIH Polk st.
FIRST-CLASS gardener, who thoroughly un-
derstands flowers, hothouse and vegetables,
desires a situation; references. Box 1601, Call.
YOUNG man, German, wants situation on
steamer for China, Japan or Australia. Ad-
dress box 595, Call office.
JAPANESE, good honest cook, wants position
in city or country. Address KAYA, room 23,
409 Stevenson st.
WANTED- By student, situation as salesman
for Saturdays. Apply G. A., 742 OFarrell »t.
WANTED— Situations in a camp hotel for man
aTid wife: wife as cook; man can do anything
about hotel, wait on table, attend bar or
care for horses. Box 554, Call.
JAPANESE waiter and cook, good experience,
wants to work for a camping party. Address
box 589. Call.
I FIRST-CLASS general blacksmith and horee-
shoer; 21 years' experience. Address Me-
chanic, box 126, Call office. Oakland.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
"C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant ISS"
10 waitresses for first-class resorts and coun-
try hotels, $20; waitress and chambermaid to
wait for first-class commercial hotel $20
each; 4 waitresses, city. $20; chambermaid to
wait, $20; pantry girl, $20 a month to begin;
woman eouk, $H0
FAMILY ORDERS ....'.'.'.'.'."
Cook, Berkeley. $25; ranch cook, fine place. $20,
fare paid: 25 young competent housegirls ' can
have places to-ds^- at $15 to $25. C R H \N-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— German or Scandinavian cook 2 In
family, $2"; farmer and wife, $45, see parly
this forenoon: German cook, $30; laundress
$30; cook and second girl, $32; 3 waitresses'
country hotels, $20; waitress for nice house
in city, $20; waitress for springs, $20; Swedish
second girl, $20; Protestant second girl $
German second girl, San Rafael $25 Ironers ;
for laundry, $10 a week; 2 cooks, boarding
houses. $35 to $30. and a number of girls for
housework, city and country, $2" and $'5
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter.
NURSE Jor a child R months ohT $25 per
month; nurse. $10 per month, sleep home,
MISS CI'LLEN. 325 Sutter st.
RESTAURANT waitress, $6 per week; wait-
ress. Santa Rosa, hotel, $20 per month. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter Bt.
HOUSEKEEPER, country, $12 per month; fare
paid. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
2 HOUSEWORK girls for Alatne.lu. )2S per
month each; must understand German cook-
Ing. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
Al PUPILS for select miUinery school; trade
thoroughly taught; plenty work; satisfaction
guaranteed; terms easy; evening classes. 506
Leavenworth st.
WANTED — A refined German girl to care for
grown children, to do sewing and to travel.
Apply at 1814 Washington st., bet 8 and 10.
NKAT girl for housework; must understand
plain cooking; wages $12. Inquire at 104
Devlsadero st.
WANTED— A girl to assist In light housework
ISO 6 Ellis st. I
HELP WANTED— Continued.
rFIRST^CLASS waitresses for Oakland, wages
$25. see party at 11 p. m. : also a gOOd_
liable boarding house cook across bay. MISS
DILLON, 315 Sutter st., phone main W4.
WOMAN to assist; - in family. Call after 8
at 709 Davis St.. near Broadway.
GIRL for housework and assist at sewing; 2
In family. 2311 Larkin st.
EXPERIENCED driving glove makers; steady
work. Carson Glove Co., 35 Market st.
i YOUNG girl for light housework; small fam-
__ily. 1451 Buchanan st.
GOOD home for girl about 17; light work;
small family. J. MULLER, W. Berkeley P.O.
WANTED— Managing housekeeper. 30 to 40
years old; American: moderate wages; fond
of children: references. Box 1602, Call office.
GERMAN girl for general housework. 1321
_ Mason st., bakery.
»2Hri£? Blrl or elderly woman for light house-
_^rkjjvages $S - 2C ' 5 Flllmore St. __
EXPERIENCED shirt operators; best prices;
. Bieaay employment. Eagleson Co., 535 Market.
L n D . IES H Vat "''' ! everywhere to distribute sam-
ples and advertise California Orange Syrup.
»r_.if ay , an(l expenses paid, cash every
7n^ n Partlcu 'a« for 2-cent stamp. Cali-
fornla Orange Syrup Co.. San Francisco. Cal.
HELP WANTED —
WANTED ~^~ ■ ~~»
Blacksmith helper who' can tack on "shoes'."^
per^day y " ' n country - steadj job at $2
10 laborers about mine, "good steady' job.' 75
paid and $1 r *' r da> ' anti boar ' 1 "' half fafe
• FREE* ARE ". '. '. '.'.*."
10 farm hands for good ranches, near city
...... . .'...{26 and $30
Haying hands * ■■ .. per day
Man about private place, in country, $2n and
found
. Milkers !s2s'*and "$3O
Swamper, near city $35 and board
Laborers, near city... .a 25 per day and board
Cobbler for Institution, near city, $20 and
found; cook for hotel, near city. $40 and
others. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5548
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
Want to-day from 7 a. m '.
3564 men and boys :".
Wages from $150 to $15 and found
76 farm, orchard and vineyard hands, differ-
ent places, $26, $25 and $30 and found; steady
Jobs
27 hay and harvest hands
$1 25 and $1 50 day and found
19 choremen and boys for ranches, $20, $15
and $10 and found; 26 milkers and butter-
makers, $30 and $25 and found
..TO-DAY WE ARE SENDING HELP TO..
British Columbia Arizona Oregon
Washington Hawaiian Islands and
all parts of California
FARE : PAID
TO SAWMILLS AND WOODS
45 laborers for yards, mills and woods; 2 set-
ters. Steam's blocks; 10 jackscrewers, 19 tree
fellers; log fixer; shingle jogger, head don-
keyman: IS crosscut sawyers: 5 spool tend-
ers; 4 redwood peelers: head chopper; mill
bench hand: 4 carpenters; foreman, woods-
man; 298 woodchi tools found and fare
paid, $2 to $1 cord; 150 tiemakers, tools found
and fare paid, 8c to 12c each; wages on
above Jobs are $75, $65. $45, $30 and $26 and
found
BIG WAGES
10 laborers, 10 hours' work, fare 50c
$12 and found
23 laborers, 8 hours' work, fare 90c $60
15 laborers, 10 hours' work, fare 70c $73
6 laborers, 10 hours, Santa Clara County,
fare 55c .■ $60
7 laborers Government work steady
TO 9 DIFFERENT MINES
33 laborers, no experience required
.■s.■'.:! and found
16 laborers, no experience required
$55 and found
26 laborers, no experience required..^ $"0
. . .GRANITE CUTTERS— BLACKSMITHS...
3 granite cutters. $3 day screw turner
6 blockmakers, $2 50 day: machinist. $2 50 day;
14 blacksmiths for mills, shops, camps,
ranches, etc., $2 50 day, $50, $45, $40, $30 anil
found
IN SAN FRANCISCO
9 two-horse teamsters. $1 75 day, $30 and
found
6 laborers, board yourselves home $1 75 day
4 stablemen, city, $40, $35, $25 and found;
4 boys to learn trades, $3 and $4 week
MURRAY & READY,
; • 634 and 636 Clay st.
i FREE TO • FREE
SEVEN GREAT RAILROADS
DRILLERS
HEADERMEN
! LABORERS
Two horse teamsters: also four horses
STONEMASONS
' OFFBEARERS
Wages, $3, $2 50, $2 25, $2 and $1 75 day
Board, lodging, etc $4 50 week
We Ship Dally
MURRAY & READY.
•■■■ .634-636 Cl ay st.
COOKS WAITERS DISHWASHERS
14 cooks, first, second and third hands, $50
$40, $35, $30, $25 and found, tor hotels, mines
and restaurants
9 waiters for hotels, mines, etc
• • $30 and $25 and found
2 young Germans to pour out tea and coffee
$20 and found
2S dishwashers, potwashers. kitchen hands,
etc., for mines, hotels, ranches, etc. $25, $20
and $15 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
BUTCHERS LAUNDRY GROCERY
3 assistant bakers and 1 firsthand
2 porters
4 hotel laundrymen or women
grocery clerk, country store $40
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st
! WORKING foreman, boilermaker: write full
particulars, stating wages. MURRAY if
READY. 631-636 Clay st.
j COAST ROAD FREE FARE
Laborers, teamsters, strikers, drillers, ham-
mersmen, $1 75 to $2 50 a day free fare
MISCELLANEOUS
Blacksmith, country hotel, $60 and found
and free fare both ways; helper, $1 a day and
found: 2 blacksmiths for ranches, $40 and
found and $1 50 a day and found: milker. $25;
2 laborers for a mine. $26 and found: 12 farm-
ers. $1 a day and found; driver, express com-
pany, $35 and room.
HOTELS AND RESTAURANTS
Driver for a bakery wagon, $40 and board,
call early.
Head cook, hotel, $75; second, $50; seco_i
cook, $65: baker and pastry cook, springs ho-
tel, $45; vegetable cook, summer resort, $40
and free fare both ways; cook for Nevada, $50.
i Head laundryman, for a country hotel, the
1 year round, $60 and found: 2 shakersouts for
hotel laundries, $25 and found.
Waiter for springs, $30; night waiter, coun-
try restaurant, $30 and found: waiter, country
hotel, $25; 2 bell boys, $10 and $12: scrubber,
hotel. $25 and found; porter, restaurant. $6 a
week: dishwashers, kitchen hands, etc., $25
and $20.
.... FOR A LARGE MINING COMPANY....
50 laborers for a mine, work above ground,
no experience required, good wages and board,
reduced, fare, particulars at office
FOR SAWMILLS AND WOODS
Timber fellers, see boss here, $40 and board:
6 German or Scandinavian laborers for irk
in the woods, $30 and board; 12 lumber pliers,
$26 and found, see boss here: 1" cr isscutters
$35 and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary, st.
WANTED— S men and wives, $35 and $45; 2
swampers. $40 and board; 8 farmers, $1 25;
foreman for stable. $12 50 week and increase;
milker, $30 to $35; laborers to handle fruit.
$35 and board, call early; laboring men. $1
day and board to $2 per clay; vegetable gard-
ener, $35 and found; laundryman for springs;
tiemakers. woodsmen and others; 2 sandstone
quarrymen. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sac-
ramento st. ;; ■.-." .
WANTED— Second cook, country hotel, $40:
cook, small springs hotel, $40; cook, chop
house, $10: cook, small restaurant, $10 week;
cook, small hotel, country, $30 and increase;
waiter, coffee house, $9; kitchen man for in-
stitution, $20; assistant baker. $20; dishwash-
ers and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S
Sacramento st.
WANTED— B miners to run power drills. $3 50
day, part fare advanced, see boss in city,
ship Saturday; 2 quartz miners. $2 50 day;' 4
gravel miners. $40 and board; 2 first-class
timber men. $2 75 and $3 50 day. .1. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— 2 camp blacksmiths, $50 to $60: car-
riagesmith's helper, $2 day. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 828 Sacramento st.
WANTED— American working farmer for an
institution, to take charge of boys and see
that they do their work properly; $35 and
round. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacra-
mento st.
FRY cook. $35: waiter. $25, country hotels.
HOTEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
MEN wanted — Laborers, driUmen and team-
sters on railroad work: fare Oakdale to
Sonora free. Apply to BUCKMAN, 302 Mont-
gomery st.
SMART canvasser and collector. Apply 8 to I
a. m. and 4 to 6 p. m. R. RALPH. 511 Mont-
gomery st.
BARBER; must be eood finisher and able to
stand on merit; good wages and steady work;
unless extra good don't apply. 12 East San
Fernando st.. San Jose.
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday and Sun-
day. 1073 Market St., near Seventh.
BARBER wanted. 2744 Greenwich st.
BARBER, 2 years at the trade. 122S Broadway.
Oakland.
AN A-No. 1 solicitor wanted. 609 Taylor st.,
downstairs.
BOY 16 to IS years to make himself useful In
a confectionery store. 905 Larkin st.
DISHWASHER wanted at 234 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— General blacksmith and horseshoer.
22 Cortland aye., near Mission st.
WANTED— Good cook. Call early, 145 Larkin
street.
FIRST-CLASS furniture designer and wood-
t carver. FINK & SCHINDLER, 1309 Market.Mil.. WWTKD-Condnnoil.
CATHOLIC man for grocery store, $20 "nnd '■
round ; one with old country experience pre- !
ferred. Address Grocer, box IHO3, Call office.
MEN to learn barber trade; only S weeks re-
• n'ired; .constant practice; expert -instruction;
cull or. write for catalogue. Muler Barber
>'. .11.--- GXS Clay st.
WANTED— Steady man to keep plain accounts
and assist in light work; must have $125 cash
and be satisfied with $13 per week. Western
lnvt^tn-.ent Co.. 1) Geary st.
WILSON House, 775 Mission st.. near Fourth— I
1» modern rooms with hot. cold water; free,
baths; electric lights: elevator: 25c to $1 night! j
WANTED-Gnod reliable designer: one who Is
familiar with cabinet work, bank, store and
fitting*. Address box SSO. Call.
WANTED— Expert dump men nd ROWder men
for steam shovel work. Apply to .lAS. A.
McMAHUN. 210 Spear st.
WANTED— 20 pick and shovel men at *1 75 per
day. Devlsadero and Broadway, city.
TRAVELER to sell shirts on commission; side
line; state particulars. Box Gl'l. Call office.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, Sic to
&>\:. 5C2 Mission st., between Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— Yuur.g man competent to make
working drawings lor gas and electric fix-
tures. Apply by letter. Designing Depart-
ment, THOMAS DAY CO., 725 Mission st.
YOUNG men and ladles 16 years and over wish-
ing employment call at at Hills lale 33 Sixth
t=t., bet 11 and 2, room 31.
COAL miner* accustomed to pitching veins can
find stead} work at good wages at the Testa
coal mines. A'.ameda County. Cal.: sufficient
new ground has been opened up during the
past ninety <lay« to make room for forty coi\l
miners; no other Class of labor Is required,
and miners unaccustomed to pitching veins
are not ndvUed to me. SAN FRANCISCO
AND SAN JOAQUIN COAL CO . R. H.
NORTON, superintendent.
TO go this week — 800 pairs men's shoes, some
noarly new. from 50c to $1 50: new shoes.
slightly damaged, half price. 5G2 Mission st.. !
bet Ist and 2d sts. ; open sa. m. to » p. m.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know '
that Ed Rolktn. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.: 150 l;irK«
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
ELLIS. 321 (Roeedale House)— l6o rooms, day,
week or mo. rates, 25c to $! vr ni^ht; re- j
Auction to permanent roomers: reading room. :
WANTED— men to occupy rooms; 10<- per
night, 60c to $1 per wk. 105 N>w Montgomery.
BUSH. 121, above Kea.-ny— Choice rooms; gas
and stationary washstar.d: 15c. 25c up.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and ;
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st
MEN and wnmen tn Ifarn barber trade at S. F.
■ BARBER COI.LEC.r-. liShj Eighth Bt.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c, 15c and 25c
per night. Llndell. '-th and Howard: rfail. rm.
pensions— J. H. SHEPARD <fc CO.; attorneys. ;
Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
in 1 -. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1154. i
SINGLE rooms, 16c, 2i.'c, 25c per night: 76c. $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House. SG34 Market st.
THY Acme House. 957 Market Ft., below Sixth.
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
WANTED— Sailors for Hawaiian Islands. Ma-
nila. Mexico and Alaska. W. LANE, Ship-
ping A cent. 604-506 Davis st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 14 Third St.. near Mar- |
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggape to and from the ferry.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers anl :
'•'prl:;: Knnx Collection Agency.- 112 Sutter st. ■
AGENTS WASTED,
SELL Maclc Heel Protectors, sample 10c: a.so
leather Lustre; ram. 25c. BROWN 332 Bush.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER wanted who understands the grc-
cery business thoroughly: ?25<V> required for
halt" interest. Box 1618, Call office.
\\ VI i;i» — MIX I.U.AM-OIS.
WANTED— I'se of upright piano for storage; 2
adults; best of care. Box 1605, Call office.
WANTED — Gasoline launch 30 to 35 feet: give
description and lowest price. JAS. SESNOTT,
Melgga Wharf.
WANTED — To hire 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long job. K. B.
PTONE. F!mhur«t.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SAI.K.
IS-ROOM house on Third st $375
24 rooms; never changed hands 1000
Country hot and bar; 30 roums ISOO
6-room flat, near Emporium -'-
15-room house; worth J«X) 250
IC-room house; on Sixth pt 550
TS rccms: sunny corner; clears 200 1104
Ch-room house in Oakland: only : SoO
'• rooms; best corner in the city ISOO
rooms; on Jones St.; worth $1000 500
'. ; rooms; on Taylor st. (good) £50
24 rooms; on Howard st 450
5' r tn boar'ilng-house; clears JSW 2250
MARKET ST., 1020 MARKET ST.,
H. C. DECKER,
IP2O Market St., 1020 Market st.
• -C2-ROOM house, near Market st. ; rent J4O.
1250— 35-room house ; rent J45 month.
$300 — 18 r»>cms: central: all rented: $150 cash,
balance on time. BASILE, *73Vi Market st.
}:>cO— BUYS 2n-room house'; cheap rent; list from
If to 100 rooms; money loaned at 2 per cent;
3 cottages, clear, rented, to exchange for lodg-
ing house. EITEL, UI« Market st.
$250— ELEGANT house 10 rooms: first floor doc-
tor's office; Felling for best reasons: 50 other
houses for sale. HEALY. 917 Market st.
100 ROOMING houses, all sizes, prices am i
locations. N \T'I. AGENCY. 7S3'i Market st.
1100— L/OPGING-HOUSE: bargain; departure
cause of sale. '.' '. ■ ■ ■'.lII.IN .<- CO.. 777 Mkt.
FIHMTIUi: FOR SALE.
MUST close out every piece; balance of Alex-
andria Hotel furniture: price cut In two;
come quick. DAVIS, 1111 Market St., Odd
Fellows building.
I2C'O— ll rooms, good furniture; rent $25; clears
$30. XAT'L AGENCY, :•; ■. Market et-
ROOMING house; must riflce to-day; bar-
gain. COWING &CO 995 Market St.
FOR sale cheap— Furniture of 4 rooms; nil
new; rent $10. 45 Shipley st.
TAPESTRY. Brussels carpets, laid and lined.
50c. Eastern Or fitting Co.. I.'JO Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for Ut 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE "\VA.\TED.
JENSEN Furniture Store, 79 Pth. buys, sells,
exrh. new & 2d-hand fur., carpets, stoves.
DENTISTS.
DRXT.i S.I HIGGINS' Dental Parlors,
F.rama Spredcela bldg., 527 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; Inferior
work done on the teeth Is always the most
expensive: badly decayed and aching teeth
■we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned: pure gold fillings from $1; plates
from 15. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
A NEW patent— See our new flesh-colored
plates; cannot be detected from the natural
teeth and gum; thin and strong; much su-
lie-rlor to rubber: crown and bridge work;
teeth without plates our specialty; flexible
plates from $5; crowns, i?. SO; fillings, r.ftc; all
work painless and warranted CHICAGO
DENIAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth St.
AT~the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg., you Van
have your extractions done, painlessly . teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
13 f,O up; plates, extractions. free. |4 SO up: of-
fice hours 9 a. m to 10 p. m. : Bunday, 9 to ;
p. m. G. XV. WILLIAMSON, M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st . ex-
tracts ar.d fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful *ecret method: crowns. 12: bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, IS; received - first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth, $4; filling!*. 26c up: gold
crowns, J3: gold bridges, • ' up; pain ex-
traction guaranteed: plates repaired. NEW
YORK DENTISTS. 969 Mission st., cor. 6th.
DR. LUDLUM MILL. 1443 Market st.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specially; all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN V ROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity: guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators :. no students. 91»7 Market st. ■. -
OHIO Dental Parlors— rilling, 50c up; crowns,
}3 up; open eV'gs. s.Vj Marxei st.
f-'ET of teeth without a [.late. DR H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk *t.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. Kmg, attorney at law
sixth floor. Chronicle building; no advance
charges: estates, mortgaKeE. damages, attach-
ments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, contracts
etc . drawn; moderate fees; call or write.
MAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— JameiTo! Ma-
gulre (ex-Congressman) and Jam~« L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law office to the urrott build-
ing, 825-855 Market St.: tel. South 215.
NO charge unless successful; vice free; of-
flee open tvenings irom b to 9. HUGH C
GRANT, room 604, Emma Spreckels building.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fe« without success; collections. <;. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Btocktn.
MRS. CLARA I ' 'i.rz., attorney at law; pro-
bate and guardianship; Bth floor Crocker bldg.
1. S. CLARKE— Emma Spreckels building, 927
Market; consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
v. . DAVIDSON. 527 Market it.
SIXES CHAXCES.
; A— ssso; CORNER saloon on Sixteenth and' Mi-
ssion; living rooms; rent l low; lease; . a
Orst-clasa paying place; no better offer for
man and wife. Call R. G. WILKE, 906 !
Market st. . j
A— s7so; first-class saloon; vicinity of the
Baldwin; establ. years; private club and la-
dies' room; rent cheap. Particulars R. O. i
WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— s4so BRANCH bakery and notion store in
lively country town, IS miles from the city;
• rent $15, including Bat; a rare chance. R. G.
WILKE. 906 Market st. ;- :
A— SI4OO— CORNER grocery and bar in the best
location of the Mission: living rooms; place
established years; doing a good business;
large stock in groceries and liquors'. R. G.
WILKE, I*o6 Market st.
A— s2oo: CIGAR stand with laundry office; rent
;;;,. one block from Call. WILKE. 906 Mar-
ket Ft. _ — '
A-512C0; BAKERY in lively country town;
established years; monthly sales $1000; rent
$25; horse, wagon, living rooms: a good pay-
ing business. Call R._G^WILKE. 90« Market.
: a 1800 CORNER saloon and cigar stand on
Stockton ft.. I blocks from Market; a bar- |
: gain. R. G. WILKE & CO., -06 Market st.
"a— $3250- CORNER saloon, with 5 furnished
rooms; established years; everybody knows
this as a money-making place; never clears
less than $200 per month; owner wants to
make a trip to Europe. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. '.i. Market st.
A— s4so; BRANCH baker} in the Mission; 4
living rooms; rent $17 50; a good paying place;
clears ab ut $W0 per month. R. G. WILKE, }
j »o6 Market tit.
A-J1G00; CORNER grocery and bar; living
I mis.; one-half block from Wieland Brewery;
I daily receipts- about S2t>; cash trade only; a
! rare chance. Call R. G. WILKE, 906 Market.
$700— BUTCHER shop; 35 miles from city;
ri.ute of 135 regular customers; receipts from
$1000 to $1700 monthly; living rooms; bargain.
LESS. 763 Market st. '
$4io— OY'STER house and tamale factory, near
Market: must be Bold at once on account of:
other business in country. M. LESS, ' 765
Market st
$10v0— PORK and sausage store; best part of
city; established 21 years; in this line you
could riot lind a better offer on this coast to-
day; full Investigation afforded: trial if you
j moan business. M. LESS. 765 Market at.
I $300— LOCKSMITH shop; established 14 years;
full value in stock; business speaks for Itself;
satisfactory reasons for selling. M. LESS,
7tis Market St., i pp. site Phelan's.
RESTAURANT in most prosperous inland town
I of State; S furnished rooms; offered at great
i sacrifice; owner going to Europe. M. LESS.
765 Market .-:.
FOR SALE
The entire Klondike Hotel property, real and
personal. The property is located at the cor-
-1 ncr cf Center and Coloma sts., in the city of
i Placerville, county of El Dorado, State of Cali-
fornia. The property consists of two lots of
land and the large two-story hotel building
1 and outbuildings. The hotel contains a parlor,
• furnished! large barroom and office, with a
fine bar, back bar and bar fixtures, cash regis-
I ter and other furniture; also a reading and
poolroom, containing- a new pool table, latest
style, and other furniture; also a large dining-
room, furnished with a full supply of tables
and chairs, also a pantry containing liberal
, Etock of crockery and glassware, cutlery and
epoons and table linen; also a large kitchen,
containing a fine range, water heater, cooking
utensils, etc.; also a bathroom and patent
toilet closets on both Moors; hot and. cold water
oh both floors; also 21 fully furnished bedrooms;
I everything Is first-class and can be purchased
: cheap. Apply to S. E. SACKETT, Klondike
Hotel, Placerville. •
i $£50— DELICACY and pork store: bargain, this
I day. Mclaughlin, 777 Market st.
i $1100— SALOON and lunch house close to Mar-
I X , , St.; burcain on account of sickness: trial
I given. McLAUGHLIN &CO 777 Market at.
I $450— WOOD and coal, hay and grain yard; bar-
i gain. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
i $600— PARTNER wanted In a first-class rest.au-
! rant and oyster house; good cook or waiter
I preferred. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market.
fioo— DELICACY and pork -re. bargain this
day McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market st.
i INDUCEMENT extraordinary - The Oregon
i Timber and Lumber Company offers for sale
at par 25,000 shares of its capital stock. $1 per
share, payable as follows: Ten per cent on
application. 90 per cent on allotment imme-
diately after closing of subscription bocks.
The company owns absolutely unincumbered
vast tracts of the finest timber near the
mouth of the Columbia River In Oregon;
further, a water power sawmill, valuable
water powr»r and riKhts of way; money Is to
I be expended in building larger mills; reason-
I able and steady returns for many years. For
full particulars call at office, 411' 2 California
st., room S.
! SALOON, north of Market-.' bargain; leaving
| city. COWING A CO.. 996 Market St.
! A— NOTICE to jewelers: $ir.oo stock, tools, flx-
\ tures: bargain. COWING & CO., P55 Market.
1 CATHOLIC book store bargain . this day.
COWING & CO., 595 Market st.
I AN oyster and chop house; bargain this day,
$125. COWING & CO., m Market st.
A BARGAII4
Paylng milk ranch, with first-class private
trade; comprising 10 cows, 9 horses, new
wagon; all implements and Improvements In-
cluded: low rent; tor sale or exchange. Ad-
dress L. ISAAC. Diamond P. *•. Frultvale.
$400 BUYS the best paying branch bakery.
i candy and ice cream business. Mission dis-
: trlct; sacrifice: ill-health: clears over IK")
per month and always Increasing; fin- store
ar,A rnnma- r^nt f|O r .(\- u'.il» fountain r.itt
$125; trial given. Address box 1615. Call.
$750— HALF Interest In one Of the finest meat I
markets in the city: fine locality and trade. '
with best class of customers; lncluaes horses, .
wagons, book accounts, etc. G., box 1621, Call. i
! I HAVE a business proposition t.hat will yield I
; thousands of dollar? tor partner; no humbug;
straight business; best references. Address
: box 1628. Call office.
| GOOD hotel in Sacramento; doing first-class !
! business; good location; 65 regular boarders; !
reason of disposal, parties going to leave. In- !
! quire Call office. i
$3iv>— CIGAR store near Market ft.; bargain;
$12." cigar store, laundry agency pays rent.
National Agency, '<•'■? Market st., near 4th. ;
$22H— RESTAURANT; good location: cheap |
rent: cheap at $500; must sell Quirk on ac- i
count of leaving for country. Box 676, Call. i
BARGAIN— On acount of family trouble will !
sell small restaurant doing good business, j
Box 1618, Call office
FOR sale — Clgarstand and saloon, 506 Market, '
nr. Kansome; long lease; cheap rent; will be
Bold cheap. Inquire In saloon. •
SALOON — Bargain to-day: part cash, balance
monthly payments; going East cause of sale.
124 Fourth st.
COAL yard for sale— Old established business.
Inquire of C. R. ALLEN. 144 Steuart St.
BARBER Shop for pale; 3 chairs; good loca- j
tion; cheap. 14 Golden Gate aye. i
SALOON and 6-room lodging house, completely I
furnished, for sale. SO Jackson at. I
| GOOD opportunity to secure a good paying
blacksmith and wheelwright business; stock
i and tools will invoice $3000; shoD and lots
11300; will sell for $4000 on account of failing
health; shop doing a business of 15000 a year;
il •■.'•tigatlon courted; no agents. Address
Blacksmith, OX 519. Call office.
j.JSOO— PARTNER In cigar, candy and notions
1 store In country; takes In over $40 per week; i
j can be increased 30 to 40 per cent; references; I
expenses paid while investigating. Address .
lock box 144. Geyservllle, Cal.. or at Call
I orilce. |
BARGAIN— SJ7SO; business property, with stock
and furniture; house of 7 rooms; store and
saloon: fine garden with 9 rustic summer
houses; stable, warehouse, etc.; best location;
part cash C. CLUNDT, Fitchburg, San
Leandro road.
! $600— BARBER shop, country, first class, with
building and bedroom complete. G. W. S.. \
Eai-tland. Cal. j
! GROCERY and bar In Mission at Inventory;
owner going to Manila; cheap rent. Apply
100( Mission st. •_•
PAPER-COVERED Book Store. 1293 Market, j
bet. Eighth and Ninth; a money-maker;
price $2600, and big value for the money.
"I FOR BALE— Best restaurant south and close to
Market st. ; cause sickness: investigate; no
1 agents; direct. Box 893, Call office.
i BLACKSMITH shop and tools; clearing $150 per
I month; snap. Address MRS. E. ( 353 Filth st.
GOOD paying private coffee and tea route
cheap; must be sold at once. 605 Fifth st.
FOR — Cheap; coffee and lunch house in
business district. Box s&s, Call office.
iii ii TOR SPekK good country location. Address
' 1205 Octavla et.
| A SACRIFICE— OId-established fruit store; 1
good chance. 130 Eighth St.; no agents.
' STORE and fixtures for grocery .and bar. :
I Twenty-second and Castro sts. ; new building.
! SHOESHOP must be sold; good paying busi-
ness; 1 room furnished; good prices. 322 Bush, j
SALOONKEEPERS. Attention— For sale; old-
established business. Particulars at 1512 Polk.
COFFER and tea routes supplied from GEO. '
W. CASWELL & CO.'S.. 415 Sacramento st.
ROUTE on this paper for sale. Apply this
office. ■ * :
SEWING BIACHINKS.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.,
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer. White cheap;
repairing guaranteed. 1815 Mission, nr. 16th.-
-j ALL kinds bought sold, exchanged, rented: re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth St. /■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 9, 1899.
I i
PERSONALS.
I WILL not be responsible after this date for
any debts for lumber or a,ny material or
labor contracted for J. G. CHASE at house
! erected on Sixth aye., near B st.. Hunters
Point. CHAS. M. KOTTINiIEIi.
I LEDERER'S halrdressing parlors still lead in
popularity: 25c only; hair rolls, 10c: longest.
| 30c; switches, Jl n'j; t oamo Shampoo. 5c
i package. G. LEDEKER. f23 Stockton st.
I LEDERER'S Quintonira Hair Tonic possesses
: the quintessence of excellence; unequaled, un-
! BU '_'P at '»ed; 35c bottle. 123 Stockton st.
Ji'HN v BOONE. Patent, Trademark
i Attorney at Uw, and Copyright
No. i Butter St., Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, CaJ, American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC liKhts in every" room; "Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st.. near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
11' ARCHIE MORRISON, formerly of Wheat-
land, Cal., will write to his father he will
i hear "f something to his advantage. HUGH
PRIVATE sanitarium— Surgical and medical
cases taken charge of for physicians, sur-
| goonß and private individuals. 1316 Guerrero,
nr. 2.th; Guerre ro-st. oars; tel. Blue 991.
\ T BRILLIANT. 338-340 Post St.. will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc.. on very easy payments.
COMPLETE line ladles' tailor-made suits; low
Prices; easy payments. Eastern Outfitting
to., cloak and suit dept., 1306 .Stockton Bt.
DR. CBEELY'S Dog Hospital, 109 Elm aye.;
office. Horse Hospital, 510 Golden Gate aye.;
! i-ep.-,. ... contaßlous diseases.
| KNITTING SHlin'S to order, *1 each. 614
Ellis st.
| RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife: no lnjec-
I tlon;guaxantd. Dr. Gordin, 514 Pine, ab. Keany.
A— ELEGANT ladies' tallor-n, ide .-ult^ to order
at wholesale figures. KRAMER, 20 Sansome.
GENTLEMEN'S sewing or mending at 271
O'Farrell st, room 12.
LADIES' tailor-made suits. $1 week. Chicago
Cloqk Co.. ISH Market st.; open evenlnps.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
; tier. K. Y"SHIT.\NI. US Butter st.
! A— Ladles, or gent's di thftig. furniture, bought
I sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 FolHom st!
, SUITS to order on easy installment*. IT
LEMOg. 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Bth.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices'
; $1 a week. N. Y. Tailoring Co., lli Kearny.'
FOLDING beds $S 50; bedrm sets $8: bed lounges
•: open eve's. L. J. NEUMANN, 121 Sixth.
WANTED OH sold for manufa.cnß-7~0 *N^lt7
: Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell, b.?t. Powell & Mason.
DRESSMAKERS.
j REMOVED to 357 Geary Ft.; dresses made!" $5
. up: perfect .fit. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
SPIRITUALISM.
• MRS. J~J~ WHlTNKY.'triir., ,-. tesTmedlU^
life reader: also medical clairvoyant: treats
private, chronic or obscure diseases; send
stamp for circular. Offices 232 Stockton st. ;
sittings $1; diagnosis free.
MRS. MANDENA, clairvoyant, medium and
palmist; satisfaction or no Day; developing
and test circle to-night; admission 25c. 2344
Sixth st.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing etherealizlng
trumpet seance, 8 p. m.; 25c. 409 Leaven-
worth st.
MME DR. LA' ROY, trance medium; posi-
tively cures obesity. 15 Powell st., office 3.
MRS. MEN A FRANCES, independent slate-
wrlting medium. 118 Halght st.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m. ;
Mon.. 8: 25c; sittings. 11. 233 Valencia *t.
■ MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
: teller, has opened an office .it 315 O'Farrell
I '
CLAIRVOYANTS.
■ MISS J. B. DWYER, the distinguished clair-
voyant and medium; those in trouble or who
wish to know their future should consult this
gifted medium immediately; Miss Dwyer
| graduated under the highest professor In oc-
| cultism and Is master of the power by which
i she can reveal your entire life; also she lives
; of those in whom you are Interested; satis-
j faction guaranteed by mall; reduced rates
j to the poor. 917 Market St.
I , — ______
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
! card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond sight; diagnoses disease; full life read-
-1 ing: ladies. 50c; gents, $1; Bit., $1 50. 126 Turk.
j WONDERFUL success of of lime Clingman.
from New York; scientific palmistry and
| astrologlst; readings 50c and 11. 513 Tenth
St., Oakland.
1 MME. LENEMAR. 225 Mason, cor. O'Farrell:
! by planets; pred'td rescue pass. Btr, Gold, '74.
! MME. HANSON, card reader and palmist;
; past, present and future. 25c. 148 Sixth, r. 12.
| Miss ALEECE FAURE, card reader. 405 Kear-
ny St., room 34; French and English spoken.
I MRS. KOPP, natural-born clairvoyant and card
reader; 50c. 18 Lewis Ft., off Taylor, nr. Post.
j MISS TKSSIK GRANT, returned, card reader
I and palmist. S6Vi Geary St., rooms 1 and 3.
! MISS GREEN, card reading and palmistry. 203
Post St., room 1.
i JESSIE BURNETT, palmist and card reader.
! 310 Stockton st., rooms 5 and 10.
j RETURNED— EDNA V. GRANT, clairvoyant
! and palmist 120 Ellis St., parlors 6 and 7.
! MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
; palmist and planets. 28 sixth St.. rooms 2-3.
j MISS GEORGIA TAYLOR, returned, palmist
and card reader. Room 1, 1104 Turk st.
! BLANCHE DE CHAPPELLE, clairvoyant ajid
card reading. 417 Bush St.. rooms 9 and 10.
MISS MAY FOX. celebrated card reader. 304
Sutter St.. corner of Grant aye., room 3.
MRS. L. DEAN, fortune teller and palmist.
1055 Market Bt, room 2. .
MYRTLE POTTER, card reader and palmist.
Parlors 12 and IS, second floor, R6s',<j Market.
MME. ETTA RALPH, magnetlst and psychom-
! etrist; parlors 2 and 3. 985 Market St.
i YOUR future told by cards, 25c; Sunday hours,
7 to 10 p. m. 326 Larkin St.. room 6.
! MMX AUGUST, 1159 Mission St.; clairvoyant,
j card reader and palmist; truth or no pay; 23c.
j MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
' reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth -St., near Mission.
MME. DR. THOMAS, renowned revealer, first
in her profession: never falls. 325 A Sutter st.
MISS OLLIE LAKE, returned, palmist and
card reader. 118 Grant aye, r. 15. second floor.
MME RAVEN A reads life fluently: business
advice: names given; ,25c up.- 5 Fourth st.
I MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave: future hus-
; band's picture, 25c: ladles. 9J4 O'Farrell st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. II per year.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEEROAARD. pupil of St. Ger-
malne. 616 Geary st., abov« Jones; tel. Hyde
2621, reading by mail. 11.
A— MME. BUSHNELL. the famous palmist. 916
Bush st., bet. Taylor and Jones.
; YOUR fate is in your hand; scientific palmis-
' .try. MME. GERMAINE, 906 Market St., r. 30.
ASTROLOGY.
ASTROLOGER ' and trance medium; minerals
located: lucky days and numbers; palmistry.
319 McAllister st.
CATION Al*
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining: as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol.. min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing-, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, . English: 24
teachers, day and evening: catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St..
: AYRES 1 Business College, 723 Market st. ;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
. penmanship, English branches, etc.: life
■ scholarship, $60; low rates per week and mo.
I MERCANTILE College, room 60, Flood build-
■ Ins;, S. H. TARR. Principal; pupils fitted
for all office work; course In bookkeeping;
rapid calculations unequaled; short time.
I ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
, Kills system: sunny rooms; low rates; day,
! even. San Francisco- Bus. College, 1236 Mkt.
I ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archl.; day & eve.;
I est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
INSTRUCTION on piano, violin and cornel;
terms reasonable. 1207 Howard st. :
LAW Schools. 927 Market, S. P., and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
i PRIVATE academy of dancing: waltzing a
specialty. miss JEAN HUDDY. 6a Hyde.
; "EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 Larkin St.. opp. City Hall.
STORAGE^ !
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. > SMITH, prop..
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE & TAYLOR, packing and storage of
. furn. & H. H. goods. 785 Mkt.. tel. Black 311.
J PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post it., cor. Powell: tel Main 5711.
— physicians! ~
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1021 Market st., bet. 6th and 7tn.
HOUSES TO LET.
FIRST-CLASS house7T~roornT; 3553 Twentieth
St., bet. Valencia and Mission; newly yapered,
tinted and painted throuKhout.
MISSION. 1215 H. near Eighth— House of 14
• sunny rooms, bath, tubs, etc. ; suitable for
roomers; rent $40.
HOUSE of 5 rooms to rent. 417 Stevenson St.,
near Fifth. J
HOUSE of 6 rooms; rent $18. 272 Minna/st.,
near Fourth.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
1C Montgomery et.
NW. COR. Guerrero and Twenty-first sts. ; fine
house of 12 rooms; large grounds, stable, etc.;
in splendid condition; warm, sunny place.
TWENTY-FIRST St.. near Guerrero, two fine
houses, 3356 and 3388: 7 rooms; in flrst-class
condition.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO I.XT.
ASH aye., 220—6 nice furnished sunny rooms
very reasonable; half price; Investigate.
PARTLY fur. house: modem eonv'cß; 2533 Mis-
plon pt.. near 21st. Apply rm. S. Flood bldg.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$12 — COTTAGE; 6 rooms; newly renovated. 6
Railway aye., off Dolores, key 3579 17th.
SUNNY cottages. 4 and 5 rooms; also flat 6
rooms, bath; cheap. 1876 Fifteenth St., near
Dolores.
FLATS TO LET.
BUSH, 1207—3 flats. 4 and 5 rooms each. $20.
bnth; 2 flats. $11. Apply 1211 Bush st.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
FRANKLIN. 714, near Golden Gate aye.—
Lower bay-window Hat; 4 large rooms; bath;
yard.
GROVE, 364. near Gough— Sunny flat, 6 rooms
and bath; rent $20.
MYRTLE aye., 515, near Octavla— Cozy upper
flat. 5 rooms; bath; cellar; garden. 1316 O'Far-
rell St., rear.
SIXTEENTH, near Howard— Nice, clean sunny
upper flats; 7 rooms and bath; $16; repairs to
FUlt. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
THIRD. 417%— 8 front suites; modern Improve-
ments; S mis., hot, cold water; bath; sunny.
TO LET— 2 new flats, 6 rooms and bath. 4116
Seventeenth St.. near Eureka.
ER flat: 5 gunny rooms; bath: basement;
yard. 3.L' Second aye.; rent $15 T.O.
UPPER flat, 3 choice sunny rooms; pantry;
storeroom; $12. 2419 Clay St., near Flllmore.
UPPER flat, 5 rooms and bath; reasonable.
5V Lnpldge St., off lKth. above Valencia
FUKMSUED FLATS.
FOR BALE— Nicely furnished flat, 7 rooms;
Geary st. ; five minutes' -walk from Kearny
- and Market; account of leaving city. Box
557. Call of flee.
ROOMS Foil HOUSEKEEPIXG.
ALICE, 5, bet. 3d and 4th, off Folsom — sunny
unfurnished rooms; separate yard; rent $9.
A! MA Geary— Large, well-fur, rm. for light
hekpg.; run. water; $12 mo.; others $1 50 wk.
BUSH. 140$, near Van Ness aye.— Three r.icely
furnished rooms for housekeeping ".^s2o.
DERBY place, off Taylor, near Geary— 2 flats,
or 6 rooms, to let; cheap. ;■•
EDDY. 207—1 large front room, complete for
housekeeping; quiet house; bath; gas.
EDDY, 917— Unfurnished or furnished floor, 4
rooms; private residence;- no children, splen-
did location.
ELEVENTH, 124 A —Large newly furnished
sunny room, light housekeeping, $1 23 week.
GEARY, 1917— $18: for adults; 4 comfortable
rooms and bath: 2 beds; 2 stoves; gas and coal.
GOLDEN GATE, 1404— Front housekeeping
room, $12; single room. $5.
HARRISON, 346— Pleasant Funny front rooms
for housekeeping, bath, only $8 a month.
HOWARD, 761 Mr— Nicely furnished sunny bay-
window suite; others; kitchen; man and wife;
ren tenable.
JESSIE, 369— Furnished housekeeping rooms, en
suite. $10 per month.
LARKIN, 326—2 or 3 sunny housekeeping apart-
ments, furnished complete; gas range; hath.
i MARKET, Large sunny front room and
kitchen, folding bed, closet, $12; 2 unfurn., $5.
MARKET, 165 1 opp. Tenth— Large sunny room,
$5; bedroom and kitchen, $7.
MISSION. S2l— Large front room and bay-win-
dow kitchen. $3 a week>
MISSION, 1125 - near Seventh— Large front
room; furnished for housekeeping; $2 per wk.
mission. 1219 — Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms; reasonable.
MISSION. 2133—2. or 3 sunny connecting rooms
for housekeeping; cheap; bath.
POLK, 1445 Sunny front and back parlor, fur- ■
nished tor housekeeping.
RUSS, 149—1 housekeeping room; private fam-
ily; parties with no children; rent $1 50 week.
SEVENTH, 262—2 large sunny corner suites,
suitable for housekeeping; large grounds.
fcIXTH. 420— Bay-window Housekeeping roonu,
single and en suite; bath: reasonable.
STOCKTON, 603— Housekeeping and sunny sin-
gle rooms; reasonable.
THIRD, 251— Nice sunny furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; rent $2 week: also single rooms.
TURK, 802 -2 Targe sunny connecting unfur-
nished rooms.
TWELFTH. 230 C —Nicely furnished front house-
keeping rooms; gas range; select locality.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3166. near Howard— 2 or 3
furnished housekeeping rooms; bath, laundry.
CHEAPEST, and best In America.- The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
funny rooms en suite or single; nmt-claaj
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor st».—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms,' 50c to $150 day. MRS. J. KING.
CALIFORNIA. 1303— or without board;
cozy back room to single gentleman; private.
CARKOLTON. 1206 Market— Sunny corner fur-
nished and unfurnished rooms and offices.
CLAY, 1249— Lower floor, 3 unfurnished sunny
rooms: no children. .
CLIFFORD, 204 Kills, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS, 742— A cozy outside single room; parlor
| floor; gas and bath; $5 per month.
FRANKLIN. 21— Nice furnished sunny front
bay-window rooms; also single rooms, $5.
GEARY, 217%— Single furnished rooms; key
_ 217. " ' " - -.
! GEARY, 556 Elegant sunny front parlor, piano;
suites; other rooms; privilege light house-
keeping; telephone.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
Elngle: elevator; moderate rate*; families.
ttANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house: $1 50 to $6 per week.
HARRISON. 784V4. near Fourth— fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
homelike; $1 a week.
: HOTEL Grosvenor. 319 Sutter, near Stockton —
; Sunny suites or single rooms; cable cars pass
| door; elevator; : free baths.
1 HOTEL Victoria, 1106 Hyde, cor. California—
Prettily fur. cor. suites, with hot, cold
water; bath; board optional.
HOWARD, 1052, near Seventh— Neatly furnished
sunny front and back parlor.
LARKIN, Large sunny front and back
I rooms, furnished, $:> and $7; small room, $4.
i LAGUNA. 1310, bet. Ellis and O'Farrell— Fine
! sunny rooms, furnished; private family.
| MAIN, 311— 54; furnished sunny front room;
' also smaller back rooms.
: MASON, 511— Sunny single room; also large
room; gas, bath; private family. •
i 1 : — ' — . — "~ —
MISSION, 1520— Sunny front furnished room, $6.
ATOM A. 446V4— Sunny front room; rent $4 50
per month.
i O'FARRELL.' 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
; offices; elevator: electric lights: day. ■wk.. mo.
■ O'FARRELL^e4O— Neatly fur. double rm.. with
i board, $20 mo. ;. without. $7 mo* French fam.
O'FARRELL, 53R— Lower floor of 3 nice rooms;
sun all day; large basement and bath.
PINE. 1436—2 furnished front rooms; conven-
ient. •
POLK, 1635— Nice room; running water; pri-
vate; ladles or gents; $6 per month.
POLK, 1602— furnished front bay-window
room: also small furnished room.
POWELL. 15— Newly fur.: new management:
single, double; transient; next to Columbia.
POWELL, 317 (formerly Cosmos Club)— Ele-
. gantly furnished single rooms; sunny.
ROYAL House, 120 Ellis St.— lncandescent .
light; reading room, smoking room and
@ ladle*' parlor- rooms, per night. 15c to $1 50;
week. $2 to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on
■ office floor; rooms with hot, cold wat.; baths. ,
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTEENTH/ 2502, cor. Howard— Single fur-
nished room, $1 a week ___
THE Oaks. 119 Third— A good rooming hoube
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
THE WALDORF. 24 Filth St.. near Market-
Rflect rocmlng house; telephone Mint 1792.
THIRD, 23. near Market— Sunniest rooms in
city; white lights; extra good beds; cheap.
TURK, 39— Nicely furnished sunny bay-win-
dow rooms, single and double: transient.
UNION, 817— Furnished parlors and rooms to
let. • • • :
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
18 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, per year.
BOAKUI.VU AMI UOOMS.
AT 415 First Nicely furnished rooms, with
board, $4 a week up; Swedish home.
LEAVEN WORTH. 219— Sunny rooms; hot
water; good table board.
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; good
home cooking; single. $25; double. $20.
POWELL, 309 (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union
sq.— Furnished suites and single rooms; In
business locality for table boarders
CHILDREN HOARDED.
WANTED— Care and keeping of 1 or 2 chil-
dren; reasonable price; healthy location; good
home. Box 591, Call office.
INFANTS boarded; confidential. Box 700, Call
office. . "
~ RESTAURANTS.
WESTERFELD'S Restaurant, coffee and ice
cream parlor. 1035 Market St. : popular prices.
STORES TO LET.
$20— STORE, northwest corner Post and Baker
sts., with fixtures complete for a eery; 3
rooms In rear; fine concrete cellar; water free.
STOKE to lease— First -class location for cigar
stand: corner Market. California and Drumm
sts. MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market st.
CHEAP stores at 333 Noe St.. near Market, for
ghoemnker. tailor; etc.
. EXPERT OPTICIANS
GEO. MAYERLE, German Expert Optician;
charter member American Association of Op-
ticians. 1071H Market St., S. F. ; examina-
tion free; open evenings
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
! case before going elsewhere: they will flr.d
in her a true friend; a .home for patients,
with every comfort, convenience of a hospi-
tal and privacy of a home; consultation free
and confidential; home treatment, $">. No In-
struments used; satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded, by MRS DR. QWTER,
agent for Berlin Prescription Co.'s Infallible
pills, 510 Eddy gt., bet. Hyde and I.arkln; of-
fice hours, 10 to 12. 2 to 4 and 7 to S. Sundays
by appointment only.
! A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
j cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
■ ever cause), rate and sure; relief guarantee
j at any time when others have failed: travel-
i ers helped Instantly and can return home the
I same day; no Instruments used; cure at office.
' $6; home- in confinement; skillful medical at-
; tention; all can cave time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post st., bet
Hyde and Larkin; hours. 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m. ; Sunday, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
i ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies.
true friends of all Invalids, men "and women;
I tO years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided, kind sympathy and aid: sure rell»f.
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc ; babies adopted: travelers treated: no de-
lay; «elf-cure sent; cell or write; free; confi-
■ dential. MRS. M DAVJTES. 12-'S Market st.
pills. $1: very strong. $2.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause: positively no Instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office, $5: travelers helped In-
rtantly: consultation free nnd confidential:
home for patients: comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market st . between
Mason and Taylor; office hours. 9 to 5 and 7
j to Bp. m.: Sunday* i ' a. m to 4p. m
IMPORTANT— A great progress In medical sci-
ence for female trouble*, from whatever
cause; every woman her own physician, no
matter how long standing: travelers helped
at once, safe; call on a physician with men's
knowledge- cur". $5: restores in 1 day and
prevent" disgrace: can be Fent: consultation
free; ladles' physician, practice V years.
DR. POPPER. SlB Kearny st. .
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly Irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell ha
treated successfully more cases of Irregulari-
ties than any other physician: never fails to
cure: consult him first, save time and money:
treatment can be used at home, consultation
free. Call Or write. 1023H Market st
DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium. 764-766 Clay St.. San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used:
advice free: hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3
end 7 to 9 p. m.
| AT. I. female complaints cured in 24 hours; reli-
! able, safe, sure; maternity home; no instru-
! ments; consultation free, confidential; home
treatment, $n. MRS. ALLEN, 228 Van Ness.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro." the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co., 406 Clny
Bt. ; $1 M. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co.. 531 X St.. Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles: no danger: safe cure: J2 50.
expressed C. O. D ; don't delay until too late.
OSOOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal
FOR married ladles A sure safe preventive;
why wait and suffer? an ounce of prevention
is worth a pound of cure; $1. 1637 Howard
St., 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., Sundays excepted,
REMOVAL of Mrs, Dr. Schwartz to cor. -i.id
and Linden, Oakland'; home in confinement:
children adopted nut. i Take Grove-st. car.
MRS. DR. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate a"ye. .
private home In confinement.
DR. and Mrs. Wise, HIS Market St.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back:sa up.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human- body, 11* Ma-iT st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling tfond upripht pianos f'<r $6
cash and $f> per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method: prices are the
Kimo a.s if purchased tor all cash; bargains
in pood second-hand uprights upon some
payments and some aft* '. pianos for S3, ?i awl
X per month. SHERMAN. CLAI & CO.. |
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. Sun Francisco, and Thirteenth an.l
Broadway, Oakland,
ABSOLVTEI.Y the oldest ar.'l lurirest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER <v CHASE'S.
26. 28 and so o'Farrell st.: pianos, organs and
all other musical* Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy: prices lowest, every- j
tiling possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A NEW Chlckertng and : J > Btelnwpys, K-
-1019 Van Ness aye.. rir. Geary; tel. Larkin 706
FAMILY leaving tnusl pel! »4t'O upright piano
for hest offer. 1208 D.evlsaflero tt.
Ot'U specialty Ik renting new pianos, 12
mo. Scott-Curtaa Piano Co., 560 Hayes st.
r! aT DANIELS Is now with HYRON
MAT'/jY. BOS to 312 Post St.
A DPRIGHTS, $69 up; installments, $5 75 lip;
rents. J2 Up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Hllis.
BARGAINS— Another trig lot pianos put in
pale cheap. Wilson's Storage Rooms, 1710 Mki
a 35; UPRIGHT piano in fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
SOHMKR. P.yron M.uizy and other pianos. 308
Post st.
W. O. BADGER. 4ir> Sacramento pt.. asent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN C,.,,,,i upright cheap. SCHMgrZ, 16
McAllister st., next Hibemla Banjc,
KNABE jilancs: new scale; new Btytes. KOH-
LER .«• CHASE, 30 OFiirrell st.
BUPERIOB violins, zithers, old and new B
MtTLLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for .". cents- The Weekly Call,
18 pages. In wrapper, tor mailing. Jl Pf:r >>jar.
CARPET CLKAM.NU.
CITY Steam Carpet Cleaning e-ana,
moves, lays carpets, C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
3S and ¥' Eighth st. i 2."n.
WHEN you beoome disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'6 Pioneer Carpet-
heating Works. .';.":■ :'"'7 T. -hatna St.; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned. 3c per yard. H. L. JONES,
3fn» McAllister St., cor. Larkin: tel. Mint 1501.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 40? Sutter St.;
tel. Main 884. ggO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 2>S; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard: laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. :i Elßhth st : tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpel cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c- per yard: tel. Mission 74.
U. S. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn.. 308 Golden
Gate; carpet* cleaned, 3c yd.; tel. Mint 346.
CONKLINS Carpet-heating Works, 333 Golden
Gnte aye : tel Fast 12H
L.OST.
LOST— Diamond ring Thursday on Montgomery
Pt. Return to L. A. 8., 112 California st.. and
receive reward.
LOST— Badpe of Gentlemen's Sodality of Pt.
Ifnatius' Church. Reward at 4067 Eighteenth.
CITY :;i: VI. ESTATE.
ONLY $545; the cheapest lot In Richmond;
Ninth aye., near Point Lobos aye.; 25x120
feet; graded; street graded, sewered and
macadamized. . - . •
' W. J. GUNN. Real Estate Agent.
• 410. Montgomery st.
•GENUINE bargain; $1800; easy payments; hard
finished house. S rooms and porcelain bath;
large fine chicken houses, stables and garden;
75x100; high fence and large trees; must be
« sold quick: two blocks off Kentucky-st. elec-
tric car; this Is not an old rattletrap place.
J. J. EVANS, real estate agent. 630 Market.
$2500— NEW modern 6-room cottage, with all
the latest conveniences; $400 cash, balance $25
monthly; lot 25x125: near corner Twentieth
and Castro sts. F. NELSON. Builder.
li your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. «30 Market st.
WANTED—
Cheap lots near car lines anywhere In San
Francisco. J. J. EVANS, Real Estate Agent,
630 Market st.
FORECLOSURE— I 9 lots In block BS2. south of
Park, to highest bidder. J. J. EVANS,
Money Leaner, 630 Market st. . "
IF your property is natgag^d .and you need
more money gee H. MURPHY. 630 Marker at.
IF you liave lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First _n venue, and you wish to sell
them, call on W. J. OUNN, 410 Montgomery.
4-ROOMED house: lot 25x100: $600. 63 East
Park St., Holly Park; Mission cars.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money ccc H. MURPHY. 630 Market »t.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, Kent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
stage paid.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale In Sausalito— Sunny cottage of 3
rooms: partly furnished: lot 50x200. M.
KEAN, Real Estate Agent, Sausalito.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts; 9150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of Immense crops
raised in dry season of 1897-98 address THE
COCATI CO . 302 California Ft.. S. F.
FRUIT, grain and stock farms.
W. D HOI.COM * CO.. ?" v "'"-i"T «t
MOSEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or Pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission: no. delays.' J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1022 Mission at., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6V4 per cent on real estate, 3d
and M mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN,. 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. S4C Market St.; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg., 180 Powell st.
LOANS made to salaried people; real and
chattel mortgages a specialty; any security.
THE REYNOLDS CO.. 59 Third st. ■
REAL estate, 6 per cent: 2d mortg., chattels,
undlv'd int'tp. etc. Harper & Kreltrer, 312
Examiner building.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without indorser TOUSLEY. 592 Parrott bldg.
STRAIGHT tip; go where you can save inter-'
est. Cut Rate Loan Office, 22 Mason st.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, with removal: no com-
mission: private. LICK, IK. McAllister st.
\ OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— OO3 BROADWAY.
OAK I, AM: KKAI, KSTATK.
NEW house, 6 rooms; lot 30x100: fine lo-
cation: must sell quick; other bargains. E.
E. BCNCE, 908 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FIKMTIKIi Foil Ml.f..
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaan. th»
furniture dealer. llrh and Franklin. Oakland.
| ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AL.A9IF.PA KF.AI, ESTATE.
IMPORTANT n«>th:e T>r7iuM~Kin?Tn<EKirp.
These live housed on our list must be sola at
a sacrifice to close contracts:
No. — $1450 for a $2250 home; 5 rooms, bath.
No. 2— 51650 for a $2500 home; 5 rooms, bath.
No. 3— $2350 for a $3500 home; 6 rooms, bath.
No. 4— 53000 for a $4700 home; 8 rooms, bath.
No. 5—14500 for a $7000 home; 8 rooms, bath.
The above homes are located on the main
avenues of the city and contain modern Im-
provements.
M AROUSE & REMMEL,
620 Market St.. S. F,. Bay-st. Station. Ala.
OPEN SUNDAYS AND HOLIDAYS.
ALAMBOA ROOMS A.YD MOAKU.
HOME -for ladles In delicate health; large
grounds: private. MRS. KUNKE. HIS «th »t.
FUUITVALK UE.'iL KS'I'ATK.
NEW, neat, complete cottage; big lot; little
money and easy terms. I). PRATT, Fruit-
vale station. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Mar-
ket St.. San Francisco.
FOB SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines. 2d*hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOL.FMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office
furniture and fixtures; new and second-hand.
J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth.
JUST from England— setter bitch with
pups, also Newfoundland, fox, spaniel and
bull terrier pups'. 236 Montgomery aye.
A FINE English spyglass for $12: cost £7 in
Manchester, England. At UNCLE HARRIS',
15 Grant aye.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
.A ~ -AN OVERSTOCK
St Germain Billiard Co., 409 Market St.; all
styles, new and 2d-hand tables, bar fixtures,
; supplies; best beer pumps; cheap; installmts.
CENTRAL Eureka stock for sale; 1 will sell
100, 1000 or 5000 shares for 35c per share. R.
L. CHENEY, £30 California st. '__
A LOVELY diamond and turquoise ring; price
$55; worth $100. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant.
BOILERS engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE. 139 Beale st.
GASOLINE engines, 2d-hand. from 2 to 26 H.
P. ; cheap, and guaranteed. 64S Mission st.
DRESS pants, 12 95: fine suits, $9 95. Misfit Cloth-
. ing Parlors. 513 Montgomery, cor. Commercial.
GASOLINE engines— l h. p. $100, 2 fa p. $125, 3
h. p. $150, 4 h. p. $175. Smith Co., 627 Mission.
A— %% 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, .$1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
SECOND-HAND machinery, scrap iron and
metals bought. S. F. I. V.. 204 Mission st.
LAUNDRY plant, complete; boiler, engine, etc.
• WHITE'S. 516 Mission st. •
SAFES— AII sizes, new and second-hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO., 417 Sacramento st.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand, all
sizes; half original coat. 109-111 Market, S. K.
." 7~ I'HOI'OSALS.
BIDS wanted— Notice is hereby . given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
. of Directors of the Veterans' ' Home of Cali-
fornia; at its office, room 13, 320 Sansome St.,
San Francisco, CaJ.. up to 10 o'clock a. m.,
SATURDAY, June. 24. 1899, and opened im-
mediately thereafter in the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home. Napa County, Cal. (railroad sta-
t ion Yountville), for six months commencing
July 1, 1896, and ending December 31,-1899.
Schedules with information and Instructions
• for submitting bids will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the sched-
ules, and no bid will he considered unless It
is In accordance with such schedules. Each
bidder must accompany hjs bid with a certi-
fied check upon some well-known and re-
sponsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of the amount of his bid. payable to J.
,C. Currier, treasurer, conditioned that the
bidder will enter into a cood and valid con-
tract upon notice of acceptance as required
by law. The board reserves the right to
reject any or all bld9 and to order any quan-
tity over or under the amount specified. .
Address .1. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Califor-
nia, room 13. 320 -Sansome Ft. San Francisco,
Cal. By order of the Board of Directors.
J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary.
U. B. ENGINEER'S office, room 90, Flood
building, San Francisco. Cal., June 7, 1599. —
• Sealed proposals for furnishing and Install-
ing electric lighting plants at Fort Point,
Cal., will be received here until 12 m.. July
7, 1899. and then . opened. Information fur-
nished on application. CHAS. E. L. B. DA-
VIS. Major Engineers.
MINING ENTERPRISE.
TO the new gold fields. Lower California—
Dewey Navigation and Trading Company will
dispatch a fast vessel to Todos Santos and
Asuncion Bay, Lower California, the early
part of June with passengers and . freight;
accommodations for 150 passengers; call early,
as only few berths left. CHAS. F. • BLAN-
I DIN. President. 10 California at., room 5.
DORSES.
FOR SALE— Span of fast trotting horses; very
speedy: sold for no fault. CEPA, box 552,
Call office.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market.
til Sixth St.: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN ft DOYLE, Auctioneers.
JUST arrived, two carloads well-broken busi-
ness and work horses. Chase & Mt-ndenhall.
successors Killlp & Co.; salesyard, 1732 ilkt.
FOR sale — 10 horses and mules at old Turk-st.
car Ftablpa. 1301 Turk st.
WAGONS' AND CARRIAGES.
• 100 6ETS tecond-hand harness; wagons. cart».
buggies, "turreyg and horses. 1140 Fols, m st.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Richard L. O'Clalre and Frances M. Nigro. 22-21
, Peter Grieb and Caroline K. Phelen 26-21
1 Charles V. Scully and Madge Crean 31-21
E. J. Mahoney and Ernestine M Stahl...
John C. O'Connor and Nellie Barry 22-21
William Thomson and Rosie Grolet 34-20
Mason Bradfield and Emma Cavltt Sfi-31
' BIRTHS— HARBIA6ES— DEATHS."
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
. in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
COOKE— In this city, June S. 1899, to the wife
of C. Thornton Cooke, a daughter.'
! DEVINE— In this city, June 8, 1899, to <he wife
Of Mark A. Devlne, a son.
JONES In this city, June 8, 1899". to the wi f
j of W. Oirwen Jone?, a daughter.
. ULMER— In this city, June 7. 1899, to the wi«
of M. E. Ulmer, a daughter.
■ WILLERS— In this city, June S, 1899, to th«»
wife of John Willers. a son.
DIED.
Brown, Mary L. M rrill, Frank A.
De Fremery, James Roach. Richard
Ellert. Minnie A. Scouler, James
Premier, Julius B. Kimes, Elizabeth
Gildemposter. Frank Bwasey, Henry W.
Heyn, Ernest Taylor, Harry W.
Hlrslnger, Anna M. Thompson, Jean
Jones, Mrs. Elizabeth Torgersen, Evelyn B.
klelne, Frederick H. Tweedie, Edward
Mangels, Chris Wahnig, Henry
Meyer, Minnie
BROWN— In this city, June 8. 1899, at the fam-
ily residence, Mary Leonard, beloved wife. of
Thomas Brown, in the 72.1 year of her age.
DE FREMERY— May 28, 1899. James de Frem-
ery, beloved father of James L. de Fremery
and Mrs. P. J. Van Loben Sels. a native of
Holland, aged 73 years.
JCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral, which will
take place to-morrow (Saturday), at 2 o'clock,
from the family residence, 13ui Adeline street,
Oakland.
ELLERT— In this city, June 6. 1899, Minnie A.,
beloved wife of John A. Ellert, mother of
Alton and Blanche Ellert, daughter of S. K.
Spears of BnelUng, Merced County, and sls-
. ter of T. W. Standart of Lemoore. Kings
County, a native of California, aged 42 years
4 months and 5 days.
ETFriondJ and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:15 o'clock, from the family
residence, lli'S Turk street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem high mass
•will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock.
FREMIER— In this city, June 6, 1599. Julius
8., dearly beloved husband of Annie Fre«-
mier, and father of Annie, Walter and Jose-
phine Premier, a native of San Francisco,
aged 43 years 5 months and 4 days.
ttyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
' (Friday), at - o'clock, from the parlors of
J. S. Godeau, 30C Montgomery avenue.
GILDEMEESIER— In Ban Jose. June 7. 1899,
Frank J. P., son of the late Adrian H. Gilde-
meister and Isabella Countess de Francolini.
a native of San Francisco, ag< d :'4 years 4
months and 27 days.
HEYN— In this city. June 7. isr>!>. Ernest Heyn,
a native of Germany, aged SS years. (Salinas
, I a:- ■ plfat=e copy.)
C 'l-"ri-i,o- and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, ' 1602 Geary street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
HIRSINGER— In this city, June 6. 1899, Anna
Maria, beloved wife of George "nil Hirsin-
ger, mother of George En Lishnan and Mr*
Kmeric Lishnan. and sister of Mr?. I'rsule
Wentsel, Mrs. Joseph and Josephine .Gass-
mann, Mrs. Bk-hoff, the late Jean Baptiste
Gassmann and Mrs. Genevieve irien, a na-
tive of I'll---. Alsace, aged 06 years 11 months
and 21 da -
tt.yFri--n.ls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1159' i Folsom street, hetv.een Seventh
and Eighth. Interment Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery.
JONES— Entered Into rest, in this city, June
7. 1899, Mrs. Elizabeth Jones, wife of the late
Daniel Jones, and mother of John A., Paniel
an.l William E. Jones. Mrs. B. Mehrins and
Mrs Hester E. Hixson, a native of Maine,
uged SI years.
CTFrien.i : and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from, the mortuary
! chape! of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment private, Laurel Hill Cemetery.
KLEINE— In this city, June 7. 1899, Frederick
H.. beloved husband of Lily C. Kleine., an<t
father of Walter J. and Bertha Klelne, a na-
tive of Saxony. Germany, aged 51 years «
! month? and 12 J:ivs A member of German'a
Lodge No. 1718, K. of H.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
I dence, 22 Lapidge street, between Valencia
and Guerrero, off Eighteenth. Interment I.
O. O. F. Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
MANGELS— In Lorln, June 7. 1899, Chris, be-
loved husband of Celia Mangels, and father
of Christie and Rhoda Mangels, a native of
Germany, aged 3. years 10 months and 3 days.
A member of Oak Grove Lodge No. 215. F.
and A. M., and Oakland Camp No. 94, Wood-
men of the World.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 O'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1624 Harmon street, Lorin. Services
under the auspices of Oak Grove Lodge No.
215, F. and A. M. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery.
■MEYER— In this city, June 8, 1899, Minnie, be-
loved wife of Jacob Meyer, mother of Harry
Meyer, and sister of Samuel, Francis, Mabel
and Ida Raphael, a native of San Francisco,
aged 22 years 11 months and 15 days.
MORRILL— In Lafayette, Contra Costa County.
June 8. 1899, Frank A., beloved husband of
i Lizzie Morrill. son of S. F. and Flora Mor-
rill. and brother of Hiram, Elmer, Ralph.
Ethel and Lloyd Morrlll. a native of Oak-
land, aged 23 years 10 months and 10 days.
C?" Notice of funeral hereafter.
ROACH— In this city. June 8, 1899, Richard, be-
loved husband of Mary Roach, and father of
Mary, Kate, Annie and John Roach, a na-
tive Of Ireland, aged 46 years.
.SCOULER— In' 'his city, June 8, 1599, James,
dearly beloved husband of Lydla A. Scouler,
and father of James R.. Benjamin, Edwin,
Robert and Jennie Scouler, Mrs. J. Mecredy,
Mrs. T. M. Millar and Mrs. F. J. Akers, a
native of Glasgow, Scotland, aged 75 years 1
month and 26 days.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
i SIMES— In this city, June 7. 1899, Elizabeth,
beloved wife of William A. Slmes. a native of.
Virginia, aged 53 years.
Friends and 'acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the mortuary
i chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
I pany, 2429 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
SWASKY— In this city. June 7. 1899, Henry W..
beloved husband of Belle Swasey, a native Of
Maiden, Mass., aged 47 years.
ir^TFrienils and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1 !.r O'Fairell street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery-
-1 TAYLOR— In this city. June 7, IVj9. Harry W..
beloved husband of Ruth S. Taylor, and
father of James K. and Harry O. Taylor and
Mrs. Fannie L. Marsh, a native of Hallowell,
Maine, aged 75 years 4 months and 23 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 410 Gottincen street, corner Bacon.
University Mound Tract. Interment private,
Laurel Hill Cemetery-
THOMPSON— In this city, June 8, 1399, nt the
residence of her sister, Mrs. Chamberland, 121
Anderson street, Jean, relict of the late J. R.
Thompson, barrister of lunlngton Brock,
and second daughter of the late Captain John-
son, R. M . a native of Canada, aged 70
years. (Toronto papers please copy.)
jrjTßemains at the chapel of the Golden
Gate Undertaking Company, 2425 Mission
street, near Twenty-first
TORGERSEN— In this- city, June 7. 1899,' Eve-
lyn Birgitte, eldest child of Oluf B. and Ber-
tha E. Tort'ersen. agad 3 years and 8 months.
! TWKKI'Ii" In this city, June 7. 1899, at St.
Mary's Hospital, Edward Tweedle, beloved
brother of Daniel Tweedie, a native of County
Tyrone. Ireland, aged 31 years.
(T3"The funeral will take place this day '
(Friday), at 1 — o'clock, from St: Mary's Hos-
pital, thence to St Brendan's Church, corner
Fremont and Pi Isom streets, where a requiem
high rriass will be celebrated for the repose
of his sou!, commencing at — o'clock. Inter-
ment private, Holy Cross Cemetery, by 10:40
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets. Please omit flowers.'
WAHNIG— In this city, June 8. 1199, -Henry,
beloved son of Hermann and Greth Wahnlg,
a native of Germany, asred 19 years. and 9
months.
htiNRY d. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to F;ar.asran St Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AM> ilii^Ai^jliiiLW
10 Fifth st.. epposli* Illncola ScaMk
T*lti.hbii» iSouth Ml
McAVOY &. CO..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS .v EMBaLAIERS, B
1226 Market st. . between tth and 3th. g
. ' Telephone, South 247. j
1112
GAGE HANDED OUT
MORE GOLD BRICKS
g
Port Wardens Say Harsh Things
of the Executive.
Pets of the Mexican Cool Their Heels
Outside Their Prospective
Fat Offices.
WHEN Governor Gage returns
from the rosemite Valley his
newly commissioned Port
Wardens will not meet him
with an address of welcome
and 1. Sei ator F. W. Bur
nett ai . Vss( ■ iblyman C. K. Kenneally,
v. ho I ] ». M. l Eurns in the Leg
- w ith Charles Spear and
R. !■:. Xickells, who worked for the
M< xli .hi on the outside, w ere i
lays ago. Governor Gage
■ ich a commission as Port
Warden for San Francis
These four statesmen who •.
ioned to prey upon the commerce
of this port had high hopes of raking
.i good round sum of money every
month. The Governor and Burns kept
ng time in a prat.' of ex
and whi n the appointments
: h a flourish of the
itive trumpet, the appoint
nd forth v Ith I igurated as
s. The Incumbents, how
ivho were appointed for four y<
ptlj declined to relinquish official
tion. on the ground that they still
had lera L»le i ime to serve before
the expiration of four years.
ator Braunhart, w hose term of
years had expired, declined to sur
render his office "ii the ground that his
term • xpired while the Senate was in
session, and at that time his successor
not nominated and approved. Sen*
ml : ; assumed that the Gov
r " .is caught napping and could
fter adjournment of th»- Legis
• rect the em >r.
When this condition of affairs was
:■ known to the four, each I
to suspect that he was the possessor
KELCEY MONKEYED
WITH A NIGHT CLERK
HOW AN ACTOR GOT THE BUTT
END OF THE JOKE.
Ordered Wine He Did Not Want and
Will Pay the Price He Did
Not Reckon.
m< ml" ;s of the K« I
■ii companj now filling an !
gremeni ai the Columbia Theater *re
ftermath of a Joke per-
I try exception to their
mirth. The • xception is no less a per
an Herbet Kelcey himself, who
•■• .- the biggest line on the pro
me. He is the victim and is y> t
h - that is on
him.
Th< oke was perpetrated a few nights
lace Hotel. Kelcey haa
•d a: that hostelry so often that he
Is wi ■ . •■. all the attaches. The
■ in, upon his return from
n marked to the nißht
>k the key to his room,
r - to my room."
He i ■ r< mark I
g In the fact that
Xi Ie 'y is an abs'aii er and knew that the
night clerk knew it. He did not know,
• •r. that the night clerk was also a
humorist. He i red it later.
No sooner had Kelcey's form disap
■ ion of his room than
night clerk hit upon a plan to
som< : !:• a< tor. i loing to me
barro i the bartender to till
tnpty champagne bottle with water,
cork 11 and place n In a silver-plated
bucket and stud it, covered with v. snov y
:. to i\< U • y's room.
mi d !<■ lc«y, as
baa
take my word. He knew I was
ng, but 1 guess I'll ha\ i
.• through."
Deep thought wrinkled the actor's brow
for a few minutes. Then It cleared up as
a happy Idea i ame ; long. Swearing the
bellbi ■ recy, he induced him tb
carrj the bucket and the bottle, with a
-• ids compliments, to th.- room
■•f Mis^ Shannon, where he knew that
lad> v - sew ral friends.
"They'll like a little flz," thought
K«-i ■ 'ki wij! )i<- off m>' "
Thi delighted at
: Kelcey and disappoint
■ the insipidity of the water they dis
rovered later. Not wishing to offend
Kelcey, whom they knew must have been
the victim of a cruel mistake, they s^nt
for the night clerk and explained what
had l!'- saw how matters had
■ : and. resolved on carrying the loke
still further, returned to his t>l;i ■•*■. s'-nt
iiM the real • ! 1 1 1 . tr as a substitute for the
■ up to Kelcej .
"You thought 1 wouldn't drink that
night, didn't you?" sMid Kel
the next evening to the ni^ht <-!'Tk.
"i f i bunch."
thai he didn't.
The Sullivan Jury.
work 1 f securing a Jury to try Cor
.l Sullivan for the third time for
the murder Of his stepfather still run
in .T'ltlire Lawlor's court. One Juror
he selected and a special
10 m< t . has been ordered sum
moned by Judge Lawlor to appear
rday morning, and It is hoped that
mber the necessary juror
•will be selected. Those who have been
selected to try the rase up to date are:
B. Dlggins Frederick Lux, M. C. Dunn,
Edward Cohwi. P. M. Wand, Philip
Freund. Jamef J. Logic, J. A. Galland,
W !'. Lovejoy, J. R. Fairweather and
William 11. Tilson.
A Human Brute Punished.
• is \\';ir'l. the longshoreman who so
ly kicked Ms wife. Margaret, last
Ight, appeared for sentence on
the charge of batterj before Judpe Gra
ham yesterday morning. The Judge sen
• him tn six months in th>' County
Jail, being the full penalty. The woman
: under treatmeni in th< Cltj and
Hospital.
Ocean Water Tub Baths
101 seventh Ptr»et. corner Mission. Salt
water direr? firm orean.
Land Scrip
And
Land Warrants
O? All Kinds
Fop the Location of
Government
And
State Lands
Both Surveyed
And Unsurveyed.
F. A. HYDE,
415 Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
of a gold brick, but they resolved,
neverth* less, to make a determined ef
fort to set in. When heart to heart
talks with the insiders were futile Bur
nett, Kerineally, Spear and Nlckells
Bought to terrify the Incumbents by
telling them that the terrible wrath of
the Governor would be aroused if his
appointees were not recognized. The
incumbents were Immovable. The dan
ger of the Governor's displeasure was
not viewed by them as appalling.
The newly commissioned tour had
still another rattle In the box, and they
threatened t<> shake out a big law
suit, with formidable writs, If the mem
bers of the existing board did not re
tire, but the threats of legal proceed
ings had no more effect than the pre
dictions of Gage's glowering anger.
The hu»gry holders of the gilded
bricks from the executive department
to.ok legal advice, and were Informed,
positively, that the courts would not
afford tii'- relief thej desired. It is
said now that the disappointed four
have turned their batteries against
and are firing at him volleys of
abuse. Gage Is accused or knowingly
proffering gold bricks and laughing in
his slei ye at the spectacle of the hun
gry horde scrambling for the bogus re-
w ards.
Senator Burnett, who gets one of the
bricks, is a grandson of Peter II Bur
nett, the first Governor of California.
Assemblyman C. F. Kenneally, who
gets another brick, voted for Burns for
• it- in a roii c so loud that it could
be heard In Yolo County. The leaders
of the push are In despair over Ken
neally's fate. They knew that Gage
would not recognize brains, but they
did hop,- that he would pay a tribute
of respect to lungs.
MISSIONITES FLAY THE
NEW CHARTER'S ENEMIES
OFFICIALS WHO ARE FAITH
LESS TO PLEDGES.
Federation of Democratic Primary
Clubs Commends the Stand
Taken by the Mayor.
At a meeting of the executive commit
tee of the Mission Federation of Demo
cratic Primary Clubs held last night at
Anderson's Hall on Twenty-third street
that body expressed itself In no unmis
takable language regarding the city of
ficials who have joined hands to defeat
the new charter. The following pointed
resolution was adopted:
Resolved. By the Mission Federation of
Democratic Primary Clubs, that the official;-,
who are seeking to overthrow th.> new charter
should be condemned as unworthy of confi
dence and not entitled to further support from
the voters of San Francisco.
Resolved. That these men who were elected to
office entered into an agreement by which they
were to .hold their office for only one year; and
they %vere so voted for by the people and paid
small assessments to their political parties on
thai understanding:. We consider that they are
noting in bad faith, and this ration will
ever hold these faithless officials in contempt.
After thus flaying the men who are en
gaged in nursing corrupt Democratic pol
itics several addresses on the new pri
mary okotlon law were delivered by
prominent speakers, among whom were
Major B. McKinne and A. S. I. illi-. J.
A: Cotter Introduced the following reso
lution:
Resolved, That this federation heartily com
mends the action of Mayor Phelan and '.Super
visors Deasy, Byinjrton, Heyer. I-,ackmann and
Perrault for their stand and. efforts In defeat
mc the nefarious schemes of the as. water
and railroad companies to plunder the people
of San Francisco.
■ ♦ — .
NEW POTTERY COMPANY.
A Large Corporation Formed by Well
Known Business Men — Opera
tions to Begin Soon.
Attorney E. X Preston will to-day flic
articles of Incorporation of the independ
ent Pottery Company, a concern which
promises to prove an important factor in
the manufacture and selling of pottery
of all kinds. The capital stock of the
new corporation is $100,000, divided into
shares of $100 each. The directors of the
company are Charles A. Hug, Walter D.
K. Gibson. Frank S. Samuels, George F.
Gray and Marry X. Cray.
It Is the purpose of the corporation to
operations immediately. A site has
been secured and buildings and necessary
ma< hinery will at once be erected. This
ent.T[.rise will give employment to a
larti- mnnlicr of workman
— . ♦ .
Grand Canyons of the Sierras.
William Edward Colby delivered an In
eresting lecture last night ai the Young
Men's Christian Association auditorium,
["he subject whs "The Sierras and Their
;r..ii() Canyons," illustrated by 150 mag
nificent dissolving views. The pictures
were taken In th. Sierra valleys by Joseph
Leconti Jr. and showed the glacier forma*
tlons ;jm<l immense canyons <>f th< San
loaquin, Tu'olumne and Kings ri\-ers. The
snowcapped peaks were exhibited in all
their variety, and the entertainment
pleased a large audience. I'urinp an In
termission Harold Preston sang .1 tenor
solo, accompanied by Miss Fannie Crowell.
Mr. Colby was assisted by Professor II G
Leslie. •
Henry Miller Company Duo To-Dav.
ii'nry .Miller and the members of thr
sp'<j;,i company to support him during
the extended season to be played at the
Columbia Theater, befrlnninK next Mon
day, will arrive here this morning in spe
cial cars and bring six complete produc-
The members of the organization
; ""< : E. J. Morgan. Margaret Anplin
Charles Walcot. Mrs. Thomas WhlnVn
Louise Thorndyke Boucicault, Margaret
Dale, Guy Btanding. c. Leslie Allen
Blanche Burton. Mari<- Derickson Karl'
Hrown. Joseph Adelman. Frank E. Lamb
Thomas Whiffcn. Minna Roehn Harry
s;..,rs and others. The opening produc
tion is to be Henry Arthur Jones' lateal
comedy. "The Liars."
The bookbinder and every trail*
Whose Roods o f leather are made.
We kindly Invite you all to come.
See 'Pecamold." Chronic bUildlQg. No. SI.
May Adopt the Australian Ballot.
The members of the MVrhanics' Insti
tute will at thoir quarterly meeting to be
h^ld on Saturday evening he railed upon
to vote on an amendment to tho constitu
tion providing for a new system of nomi
nating and voting for trustees I'rider tho
present system all nominations arc by
petition and the elections are conducted
on what is called the "proportional" sys
tem, which is extremely complicated arid
which has been the cause of much com
plaint among members. The amendment
proposed substitutes thf> Australian ballot
system for that now in vogue.
BISQUE FIGURES AND ORNAMENT DAT.
Some articles cut 60 per "ant.
Gome article? cut f>o per cent.
ODDS AND ENDS, HALF PRICE.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Stores Everywhere.
THE SA:N" FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 9, 1899.
TROOPER ENDS HIS LIFE
ALONE IN HIS QUARTERS
> Placed a Carbine to
His Mouth and
, Fired.
TAPS did not sound for Private
William Allen of Troop R, Fourth
Cavalry, Wednesday nipht. When
the bugle summoned all to rest
on this particular evening tho sol
dier lay dr-ad In his bunk with a
self-inflicted bullet-hole thruugh hl3
head. Why lir took his own life is yet
a mattei of conjecture, lint t h<^ fact
thai he drank heavily and quarreled
with his comrades a short 'im>- before
gives strength to the opinion thai he
obeyed the impulse of a crazed and
despond* m brain.
The suicide was the subject of f- r''n
eral conversation at the Presidio yes
terday, where it occurred. Allen was
a favorite amon^ his fellow-troopers,
and, while it is acknowledged that he
was reckless when Intoxicated, th- >■
all feel keenly his sad end. Accord-
Ing to the story of thi soldiers he had
been frequently indulging In liquor for
the past several days. <>n Wednesday
he sobered up during the day. t»tn im
bibed again freely during the early
evening at the canteen. As he b<
drunker he picked a number of quar
rels and was. ejected from the drink-
Ing-place. During thi trouble h re
volver was taken from him, when he
■ ned to shoo) an offli ■ • and
Borne other soldiers, whom, he stated,
he had a grudge against. !!>■ went
alono tn hie quarters for the purpose
of securing another weapon and blew
his own brains out.
The dead body of the soldier present
ed .1 horrible appearance. Bracing a
30-caliber cavalry carbine between his
knees he had seated himself on his
hunk, placed the muzzle In his mouth
and pulled the trigger. The face was
torn beyond recognition and a split ex
tended fmm his mouth upward over
his forehead. The skull was shattered
to Diecea anrl the back of the head
THE DESIGN ACCEPTED.
A Beautiful Emblem Selected for the
California Volunteers.
The rr.mmittef on design for medals to
decorate the California Volunteers, ap
pointed by the Native Sons of the Golden
West, accepted the design submitted bj
Hammersmith & F'ifld last evening. It is
highly artistic- and a worthy selection.
Minerva, with a grizzly bear crouching at
her feet, holds an olive branch out
stretched to Boldiers and sailors on either
side of her. The Golden Gate and a man
of-war makp the perspective. The reverse
side bears this inscription: "People of Cal
ifornia to (name to be engraved In)
for services in the Spanish-American"
ACCUMULATED MAILS WILL
START TO-DAY FOR ALASKA
WILL PERFECT POSTAL SERVICE IN THE NORTH.
WITH the departure to-day of.
the Alaska Commercial • !om
pany's steamer Bertha f<>r
L'nalaska, St. Michael and
Yukon River points the United
States rM'^il authorities be^in a new
dispensation in the Alaskan mail serv
ice and one calculated to satisfy all
demands mad.- upon it.
The Bertha will be the first of three
boats to have this port during the
preseni season of open navigation to
the north. The second will clear June
20 and the third on July 5. The Rerth-i
will carry, in addition to what mail
may be deposited before 1 p. m. to-day
at Station D. nearly three tons of
matter made up of newspapers and
pack. i*es that have heen accumulating
for marly a year. A like amount sim
ilarly accumulated at the Seattle post
office will be shipped by steamer t.i
St. Michael on Jun«* 10. two other
steamers to leave that port, also
ryiTiß Alaskan mails, on July 20 and
August 20.
On board the Bertha this trip will h-3
Frederick (J. Kimball and Kdwanl
McGrath of this city, expert members
of the railway mail service. Mr. Kim
hall goes to St. Michael, at which
point he will take charge, of matters
permanently as chief clerk. Mr. Mc-
Grath will be in charge of the entire
mail on the steamer and will have ah
was almost entirely blown out. When
he fired the Bhot Allen was alone. His
cold body was discovered about 11
o'clock, or about an hour after- he had
committed the deed, by Frank J.
Smith, his roommate.
Smith said yesterday: "Wednesday
Allen tried to sober up. He worked
aboul the stables during the day and
appeared as cheerful as ever. !!■■ did
no) mention suicide to me, nor did he
speak of any trouble which would be
likely to prompt him in taking his own
life. We had supper together at half
past 5 o'clock and afterward sepa
rated. Before leaving each other he
asked me when 1 would z<> to bunk.
and I replied about 11 o'clock, i saw
nothing more of him until that hour.
when I went to the stable to retire,
and, strikitiK a match, was horrified to
see him lying on the bed. a carbine be
tween his leps and his brains spat
tered all over the wall. The si^hi
nearly made me faint, but I rushed
out and gave the alarm. Hospital
steward Knapp came back with me.
He pronounced the man dead and had
the body taken to the Morgue."
After supper i: appears that Allen
visited the canteen. There he became
iiVar." On one side of this inscription the
Tear flag finds a place and on the other
he American flag is represented.
No design for certificates was accepted
mil the committee decided to call for fur
:her designs, to be submitted not later
han June 20. Frank B. Ryan is secretary
>t the treneral committee.
■ o ■
Failed to Get His License.
Rudolph .T. Techau, proprietor of a ne\
saloon on Mason, street, appeared befon
Judge Graham yesterday on a charge o
selling liquor without a license. 11*^ <-x
plainfd to the Judge thru ho had takei
nit a Government license and Inadvert
ently neglected to got the license fron
the police authorities. Thr .ludt;* hel<
that there had been no intention to evad
the law ami dismissed the case.
solute charge of its distribution, per
forming similar duties to those p<r
formed in his Bervice as a railway
mail clerk and others at his own ills
cretion. From Seattle on the atearner
Failing to-morrow pors Thomas H.
Prldham of the railway mail service,
who will be stationed at Circle City
William. P. Wilcox, another well qnall
fled railway mail clerk, has already
been stationed at Skaguay. and Super-
Intendenl Thrall announces that stiil
another memt-er of his corps will be
sent to Valdez, on the south coast of
Prince William Sound.
These additions to the postal clerical
force in Alaska have heen made as a
cons. '(in. nee of Steps taken durinp the
past six months by the PostofTice 1 >e
partment to perfect mail delivery In
the far northern country. An expedi
tion sent up some months ago by the
War Department has been laying: out,
in co-operation with a United States
Postal Inspector, a mail route to be
known as the American route, in con
tradistinction to that hitherto used hi
conjunction with the Canadian Gov
ernment, from Skaguay over Chilkoot
Pass and the lakes to Dawson and
Upper Yukon points. This American
route as laid out starts at Valdez,
runs via Copper, Center and thence
goes overland to Eagle postoffice,
which is located on the Yukon River,
quarrelsome and threatened to shoot
seve?al people. Sergeants Adams and
Moflitt. of his troop, happened to be
in the same plnoe, when they discov
ered that the drunken man poss. s>. d
a revolver. They ordered it taken
away from him. The crowd then went
outside ;m<l the dispute -continued.
Many of his companions felt that Al
len was a dangerous man when intox
icated, as he had been arrested sev
eral months ago for having discharged
his revolver In the camp kitchen when
ii,t- cook refused to feed him after
hours, and iried to pacify him. in
stead of listening to their advice he
struck off In the direction of the cav
alry stables, when- he slept, with the
intention of securing another gun. On
the way he mci Private Schneider, a
mounted guard, and requested the
loan of his pistol, but was refused and
told to go i" bed. Schneider says that
tins was about 10 o'clock, and it was
the last time Allen was seen alive.
A shot was heard shortly afterward
by a number of soldiers on the reser
vation, but it could not lie located.
Such reports are frequent around mili
tary quarters and little' attention is
paid to them. An hour later the body
was discovered.
Allen enlisted in Kansas as an artil
leryman in the regular army about
five years ago and came to San Fran
cisco Three years ago he was trans
ferred to the troop of cavalry. He was
aboul 26 years of age, and is said to
have been a cowboy before he entered
army service. He was one of a very
large family, and Is said to have a sis
ter residing at Ross, Virginia, and a
brother In Washington State. His
funeral will be held at the Presidio
this afternoon at \ o'clock. He will be
buried with military honors, and the
entire Fourth Cavalry will turn out.
JOSIE WANTED TO DIE.
Nineteen- ear-Old Girl Takes a Dose
of Laudanum.
Josephine Ennls, a 19-year-old girl liv
ing at 12 August place, was taken to the
Harbor Hospital last night suffering from
laudanum poisoning. The dose was not
heavy enough to prove fatal and in the
course of an hour the girl had been re
stored to consciousness and was In a fair
way to recover. She admitted having
taken the drug, but refused absolutely to
give any reason for having done so. Her
friends would not or could not throw any
further light on the case.
■ ♦ ■ '■
Story of the richest clergyman in
the world, in next Sunday's Call.
lust within the border of Alaska. The
Inspector with the expedition has fml
power to establish postofSces along
tin 1 route wherever deemed necessary.
These will all be in operation by Oo
tob*r, when tlie recently made con
tracts Into effect.
In addition to these oompr>.'hensiv<>
plans for the speedy delivery of Alaska
mails and their distribution the year
round the p"st;-i! authorities will in
augurate with the departure of Mc-
Grath an innovation whirh should
meet with favor. It will empower him
and all other agents who may tmv ■•!
the route to deliver mail at any placi>
or to any person a)ong the line when
it appears that such delivery will hurry
its receipt by the person address. >d.
The agents will also have the liberty
of going off the beaten track if by so
doing they- can reach more quickly
persons for whom the mail Is destined.
In addition to this discretion McGrath
will be required to. make observation of
and report upon his return all matters
that might tend to the improvement of
the service.
The Cape Nome country has not
been forgotten by the Po^tofflee De
partment in the plan for improved mail
service in the north. Superintendent
Thrall of the railway mail service
states that contracts are now being
performed to carry the mall twice a
month from St. Michael via Gplovln
Bay to the new gold diggings.
MAYOR AND MINORITY
WILL MEET GAS MEN.
A Conference Agreed Upon to
Discuss Differences.
If a Compromise Is Reached the Vexed
Rate Question May Be Settled
Next Monday.
MAYOR PHELAN, the mem
bers of the minority of the
Board of Supervisors and
representatives of both local
gas companies will meet at j
1 o'clock 'this afternoon in the Mayor's ,
office to discuss the differences at pres
ent complicating the lighting problem
in this city. Tin- conference was agreed
upon yesterday as the result of a sug
gestion from the gas company agents, .
who had called on the May that n
might be possible to effect some ad
justment of the matters in dispute.
It was agreed on all sides that th"
present state of affairs was unsatis- j
factory all around and that some
means should be taken to end it. The
Pacific Gas Improvement Company and
the San Francisco Gas and Electric
Company are dissatisfied that, by rea- !
son of the differences, they cannot col
lect moneys due them from the city;
citizens are disgruntled because they
are being forced to pay the $1 75 rate,
with an indorsement on their receipts
that they will get a rebate if the courts
dcide that the $1 10 rate recently
adopted by the Supervisors is declared
legal; the Mayor, the minority and the
majority of the Supervisors are, re
spectively, disappointed by the uncer
tainty that has attended the promulga
tion of that rate. The gas company,
it is said, is willing to come down to
a Hat rate of $1 60 to private consum- ;
ers; some members of the minority are
said to view a ?1 35 rate with ravor and
some members of tin- majority, It is re
ported, v. oujd be willing to compromise
on a $1 50 rate. As matters stand.
however, with the present differencea
between the minority and majority
wings of the Supervisors, it is Impossi
ble to arrive at any rate-or hit upon
any plan before the end of the fiscal
year for the payment to th'^ gas c >m
pany of any bills at any rate at all.
The gas companies are feeling the
pinch Just at pr< s.-nt more than any
other Interest concerned. In a com
munication addressed to the Mayor
and the Supervisors the Pacific iias
[mproverhent Company states the case 1
clearly and makes a covert threat to
turn off the light. The portion of its
communication dealing with these mat
ters reads:
The company once before was unable to
collect the bills for gas furnished the pub- \
lie buildings of San Francisco and lost its
bills for the months of March, April, May
and June. 1893, amounting to $775776. The
company would be willing to continue to
supply will: gas public buildings now
lighted by it and wait a reasonable time j
for the payment of its bills if it were
not that It knows that long before a legal
decision can be rendered as to the va
lidity of Its bills the general fund, from j
which these bills must be paid, will have
been exhausted.
The city now ewes the company for
furnished from December I, w.'V to May
27, 1899, 19759 75, and tho bill for June will
probably amount to more than $i:?n>. The
company respectfully represents that al
though "there exists a difference between
this honorable board and tins comp
as to what Is the proper rate to charge
private consumers for nas supplied, it is \
nevertheless entitled to payment for the
gas which it has furnished the city for
its public buildings at the rate fixed by
your honorable board on April IT. l v .<:<. and
which is the same rate contained In the
contract that was ratified and approved
on the :!d day of June, 1898, by his Honor
the Mayor.
Your honorable body must, certainly ad
mit that no gas company can serve gas
Indefinitely without compensation. There
fore this company respectfully requests
that without delay you authorize the pay
ment of its bills thai are due anil that
you assure it that Its bills becoming due
i'or gas supplied by it to the public build
ings will be paid, as it does not wish to ;
continue furnishing gas under existing >
circumstanci s.
In another portion of its communica
tion the gas company calls attention to
.the fact that the Supervisors adopted
resolutions and the Mayor approved
them authorizing both gas companies ;
to furnish gas for certain public build
ings at the rate of $1 50 per thousand, .
for the period of two years from June. :
1898; and that in the face of this ap
proval, although advised by the City
and County Attorney that the Supervis
ors had the power to authorize the pay
ment of the gas company's bills, neither
the Mayor nor Supervisors have taken
any steps to arrange for their payment.
On the heels of this communication
came the visit yesterday to the Mayor
of the gas company representatives,
and the result will be the conferen< c
this afternoon, from which bc-th sides,
or as many sides as there are. expect I
much good. As, the matter stands, it is
asserted that the Mayor is determined
that, unless some compromise can be
effected, he will refuse to call together
the Hoard of Supervltors next Monday.
It is certain, toe. thai the majority of
the Board oi Supervisors, now satisfied
that the resolution under which they ;
held their meeting last Monday is legal.
will meet aeain next Monday, pursuant
to adjournment, ready to transact
whatever business may come before
them.
Providing the stand they take is tho
legal one, it will make little difference
tn the majority whether or not tho
Mayor calls a meeting of the board i'ny
next Monday. There are seven of them
■■i quorum for the transaction of busi
ness. It does, however, make a great
deal of difference to the Mayor and the
minority. If. as stated hefore, the reso
lution dug up last Monday is of legal
font-, meetings held under it and busi
ness transacted at such meetings are
binding. As a consequence, if the
Mayor and the minority remain away,
their absence will be taken up willful
and they must take the consequent
These consequences, as lias been
pointed out to the Mayor by more than
one member of the minority, will be ap
parent, if by his absence and the ab
sence of the minority it is made possi
ble for the majority to transact, with
out a protest, business which may be
prejudicial to the puhlic interest. It
is pretty generally understood that the
majority of the Supervisors are in favor
of arriving at some settlement with
the gas companies. Their action in vot
ing for a $1 60 gas rate shows that their
Views as to recompense very nearly
meet those of the gas companies. Their
public utterances since that time indi
cate that they are ready th» moment
the way is clear to put their views into
resolutions which will become binding
on the city and its rate payers.
If there is no opposition manifested
at the meeting next Monday, it will
be held- against the Mayor and the
minority that, had they been present
Iheir protest might have been effective j
in securing a lower rate than was put
through. The Mayor and the minority
realize this position, and, partly for this
reason, the conference set this after
noon was agreed upon. At it the ques
tion of the payment of the bills of the
gas company will be aiscussed, and, if
a compromise is effected, it is almost
certain that the full board will he called
to meet next Monday, with the belief
that the vexed gas rate question will
lie settled on a basis satisfactory to all
until such time as competition and not
Supervisors .shall have Wrought the.
companies' rates to the level of the
public pocketbook.
THEY WANT ALLIENE
Two Young Men Known as "Tug
Wilson" and "Sharkey" Make
a Family's Life Miserable.
Hugh Rooney anil Edward T. Davey,
known among their fri< ._- wi'l
hom" and "Sharkey." were am ted
rday morning by Policemen Barnea
and Welch on Sixteenth sti 'h ;ir g e
of disturbing the peace, and wi re brought
before Judge Graham a few hours later.
Mrs. Mary A. Hill, the complaining wit
ness, who lives at JI3OV£ Sixteenth street,
testified that the two defendants came - o
h'-r house about 2 o'cloclt and demanded
to see her daughter Alliene. They w>re
denied admittance and broke open the
front door and demolished some of the
furniture. In alarm her son climbed onto
the roof and yelled for help, and the two
officers arrived and placed them under ar
rest.
Mrs. Hill claimed that Davey had been
the means of separating' her daughter from
her husband, Fred Foley, and had put her
intji a house of bad repute. She got her
daughter to return to h>r home, but
Davey made II so uncomfortable for them
that they had to remove to Sixteenth
Phey were then living at 442 Ninth
street. She was afraid that Davey would
kill her unless she allowed her daughter
to wi*h him again. Alliene is a hand
some girl and is .1 variety actress.
Mrs. Hill wanted a charge of burglary
placed against the two m< n. but the Judge
continued the case until to-morrow and
said he would consider the matter.
In the Divorce Court
I. aura E. Adams was pranted a divorce
rday from George W. Adams on the
ground of willful neglect. Fanny Wright
has been granted a divorce from John
Wright on the ground of failure to pro
vide. The suit of Meta E. Lages against
her husband, C. Lages, is now on trial
before Judge Cook. Together with a de
cree of divorce the plaintiff asks for ali
mony in the sum of $125 a month.
Suits for divorce have been tiled by
Harry I". Speeso against Elsie Speeso for
desertion; Anna Dickers against William
A. Dickers for intid<-!it\ . and Mamie A.
Bethel against Luther Bethel for deser
tion.
Died From Alcoholism.
Mrs. Frederick Huff, a young married
! woman, died in the Receiving Hospital
yesterday afternoon from, it is supposed,
alcoholism. Shi . ailed Wednesdaj
noon at the residence of Thomas Smith.
I the janitor at the Morgue, and acti 6 so
• queerly that she was sent to thi insane
ward m the hospital. She became so m
i that she way removed yesterday to the
1 sick ivnrd and died in a fpw hours. [t (s
i said that she was a "whisky and cigar
ette fiend," which caused in r death. Her
husband is employed in a restaurant on
Market street, but although notified of
his wife's condition he did not call at the
hospital to see ii,. r .
Drowned in the Bay.
Henry Peterson, a dishwasher. 22 years
of age. whilf- fishing off Black Point last
Monday slipped from a rock and fell into
the bay. Two Mali. m fishermen who were
passing in a boat witnessed the accident,
but before they could reach him the un
fortunate man had punk for the last time.
Peterson had no relatives in this city and
had been i:t f work for some time. The
body has not yet been recovered.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i _^
■"W*lf>il4»< ' ' OCOVR.GH7T"
IN THE M ZE OF THE VOLUPTU-
OUS WALTZ.
■Soft eyes looked love to eyes th*t spake
i gatu.
And all went merry as a marriage bell."
And that was when his Loved one had
a chance to examine the exquisite color
and finish on his shirt front, and ask
him where he had his laundry work
■ done. Every one should know that the
finest laundry work put on shirts, col-
, lars and cuffs in this town is done at
1 the United States Laundry.
"No saw-edges."
The United States Laundry, Office
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
ALASKA GOLD FiELDS
Caps Nome, Golovin,
St. Michael,
Dawson,
ANT ALL, POINTS ON
YUKON RIVER.
The Elegant Commodious
S. S. CHAS. NELSON
Sailins on or About June 15.
For passage and rates of freight apply to
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION
COMPANY
139 POST ST., S. F.
IMCnVII *■* LOST VIGOR.
j&Sjjj§&, -maw AND MANHOOD
KjSp 1 * ~.\! Cures Impotency Night Emissions and wasting
VSm^Pw diseases, all effects of seli^abuse, or excess and
p^S "^JOI • n< ' on - A nerve-tonic and blood-builder,
t^K*^Bnr Brings the pink glow to pale cheeks and tt*
B|. JEf^ / stores the fire of youth. By mail 500 per
W(K^gs bon 6 boxes for $2.50; with c written
!7|ls^«i? \l guarantee to cure or refund th« money
•miv medical Co., Clinton ft Jackson its., Chieagj.
I E. I*. Baldwin & Co.. Drugglita. ( Market, 3.F.