VOLUME LWXYI-NO. 163.
MRS. HAZEN BECOMES THE
BRIDE OF ADMIRAL DEWEY
After a Simple Wedding Ceremony at Washing
ton the Happy Couple Journey to New
York, Attracting Much Attention.
WASHINGTON, Nov. <> -Admiral
••■ Dewey and Mrs. Mil
dred Hazen were married
quietly at the rectory of St.
Paul's Catholic Church In V
ir Fifteenth, this city.
shortly before 10 o'clock this morning,
mony was performed by Rev.
James F. Mackin, pastor of the church,
assisted by the Rev. Joseph H. Fole as
sistant pastor, and the Rev. Sidney Hurl
but.. The ceremony was of the simplest
character, according to the rites of the
Catholic church, and the only witnesses
besides the officiating clergymen were,
Mrs. 'Washington McLean and Mrs. Lud
low, wife of Admiral Ludlow, mother and
pist£r respectively, of the bride, and Lieu
tenant Caldwell, Admiral Dew< secre
tary.
The. arrangements for the wedding were
made with all the secrecy which has at
tended the whole affair. After procuring
the license for the wedding yesterday,
Lieutenant Caldwell , lied on Father
Mackin of St. Paul's, of which- church
Mrs. Haze;] is a communicant., and ar
ranged for t-he. wedding this morning. As
Admiral Dewey is not a Catholic a spe
cial.dispensation was required for the per
formance of the ceremony, and this was
procured by Father Mackin from Bishop
Curtisj vicar-general .of the diocese of
Baltimore, who granted it in the absence
of Cardinal Gibbons, who is at present in
New .Orleans. Father Mackin went to
Baltimore for this purpose yesterday
afternoon.
At 9:45 this morning two carriages con
taining the wedding party drew up before
the modest red brick rectory In the rear |
of St. Paul's. The general public ad no
Intimation of where the ceremony was to
take place, and not a single spectator was j
present as the party alighted. Admiral
Dewey and Lieutenant Caldwell quickly
stepped from their carriages and the ad
miral assisted the bride-elect and her
mother and sister from the other car- j
riage. Mrs. Hazen was gowned in a
pearl-gray silk, over which she wore a
loiig stylish black wrap trimmed with bll
ver.fox and lined with lavendar silk. The
admiral wore a black frock coat, gray
trousers and a silk hat. Upon entering
the rectory they were ushered into the
reception room, where Admiral Dewey
was presented to Father Mackln and th"
two clergymen who were to assist in the
ceremony.
Upon being presented to Father Macktn,
the admiral said that he had heard that
Father Mackin had in his early years
been a sailor, and It gave him additional
happiness to know that' he was going to
be married by a clergyman who had at
one time followed the sea. Father
Mack replied happily that when he j
found he could not become an admiral he
determined to become a priest. Mrs. Ha
zen removed her wrap, and she and the
admiral Immediately took their places in
the center of the little reception room,
where -the ceremony was performed which
made them man and wife. Father Mackin
and his assistants wore simple black cas
socks. Before the ceremony Father
Mackln addressed the contracting parties
as follows:
"Before pronouncing the solemn words
which will bind you forever together, it
may be' well to forget for a moment the <
things that are around us and to look
upward. We are the children of God and
we have a right to call upon Him In joy |
and in sorrow. We need his help in both ;
extremes, and never more than now, for,
although the promises you are about to :
make are easily made and tie work of a
moment, their fulfillment Is '.he work of ;
a lifetime. We call upon God to witness I
and to bless this union, of which He is
the author and which He made sa- j
cred. No matter how gencrou* and de
voted you may be to each other, there
are in every life momenta of trkl, when
we In our weakness need the hrlp that
comes from above, and this helmwlll be
given In its fullness in return tor the
faithful fulfillment of our obligations.
The higher your positions In life tin more
Incumbent upon you is the faithful ful
fillment of your obligations and the more
rigorous the accounts that will !,« ex
acted The neglect of these obligations
will cast Its shadow upon eternity. J'.ut
this hour, we hope, marks the beginning
of a career which will make' you wiser,
better and more useful to your fellW
natures In this life and the life beyord,
and when death at last shall break tie
link which binds you, as death alone cauj
The San Francisco Call.
1 break it. may that last hour find two j
,- as fondly clasped and two hearts
ns closely joined as they are to-day, and .
may the joys of this life be a foretaste of
the ji>.\ s that are to come."
Thi ceremony \\.-is performed with the
rin£. according to the nuptial rites nf tin-
Catholic church, [ncluding the address of
Father Ma. kin. it consumed less than five
i minutes. Father Maokin was the liist to
! hail the l>rid«- as Mrs. Dewey. Congratu
lations and felicitations followed, and the ;
ling party drove directly from the'
rectory to the residence of the bride's
mother. Mrs. McLean, where a wedding
bn akfaat was Berved.
After arriving at Mrs. McLean's resl
■ Admiral Dewey was driven to his
own bouse. There he changed his trav
*u)t, returning to the McLean
■ 'in fooj. The wedding breakfast
•• i an hour. There were present only
ride and groom, Mis. McLean, Mrs.
if, Lieutenant Caldwell and Fred
Bugher. The table was elaborately dec
: with bride roses.
About 1:20 Admiral and Mrs. Dewey left
th< McLean residence for the Pennsyl
a depot. Mrs. Dewey had changed
the gown in Which she was married for
ii k traveling suit. Less than a dozen
le had congregated at the depot, and
was no demonstration as they
d hurriedly through the station to
the train. Secretary Hoot boarded the
train Just before it pulled out and offered
his congratulations in person.
Admiral and Mrs. Dewey left at 12:45
fur New fork.
NEW EORK, Nov. P.— Admiral and Mrs.
Dewey arrived In New York to-night from
Washington. They were driven direct
from the West Twenty-third street ferry
to the Waldorf-Astoria, where they are
; the guests of Mr. Boldt, the proprietor of
that hotel. The admiral and his bride did
not register.
Admiral Dewey and Mrs. Dewey will
probably spend a day or two at the Wal
; dorf. The admiral and his wife reached
the West Twenty-third street ferry at
6:30 p. n.. They were driven directly to
the Waldorf, where they spent the even-
Ing. They did not leave the hotel during
the evening.
Admiral and Mrs. Dewey got away from
Washington without attracting any at
tention. They came to New York in an
ordinary "hair ear. Passengers who came
over. Secretary Root among them, said
I that the adir.lrnl and his bride were not
generally! recognized by the other p
gers unt'l after Philadelphia had been
passed. Then there was a general desire
on the part of everybody on the train to
Bee them. People bought chair car tickets
! for the purpose of being In the same car,
and others who did not get chairs walked
through the car for the purpose of seeing
the !>ride and groom.
At the suggestion of one of the passen
gers a collection was taken up in the
Other cars to buy some (lowers to present
to the couple, but a conference with the
ednductor showed them that no flowers
could be obtained until Jersey <'ity was
reached, and the project was abandoned
and the money refunded.
A gToup of the passengers got around
the admiral, however, when he left his
seat for a few moments near Elizabeth.
and a silk handkerchief with an American
flag embroidered on it and a handful of
cigars were presented to him. Hu. ac
cepted them in a good-natured way. One
old man grasped his hand and said to
him: "Admiral, I saw you oa tli© Olyja,
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1899.
pia and In the parade. I want to say to
you, may the Lord bless you."
The admiral saw the man's kind feelings
an.) was visibly affected. He said:
"That's good. I tliank you. I'll go and
tell my wife."
Shortly before Jersey City was reached
Secretary !;i">t. who had Intentionally
avoided the bride and groom duriner the
t rip. knowing" that they would appreciate
biiiiK together, went over and spoke to
them.
There was a considerable crowd in the
! Jersey City station when the train rolled
In, waiting to see the admiral and Mrs
Dewey. The boats were coming over with
commuters and there were more people
outside the fence that separated the train
shed from the general waiting-room. As
the train stopped the admiral rose from
his seat and started with Mrs. I)ewey out
of the car. The crowd was waiting for
them down on the platform and as he
stepped down from the ear he was
I cheered. The men in the crowd all doffed
i their hots and the admiral lifted his. As
he walked down the platform additional
cheers and additional greetings were
given. The admiral looked the brlde
, groom. His (ucp. was Hushed and he
smiled bark at the crowd nnd answered
their greetings by lifting his hat again
; and again. Mrs. Dewey also bowed and
| smiled.
The station master escorted the couple
from the train to the Twenty-third street
ferryboat. The crowd gave a final cheer
as the admiral and his wife went down
the gangplank to the upper deck of the
ferryboat and .many of them rushed
aboard for a moment to get a better look
at them. The admiral took Mrs. Dewey
around the deck, outside the big cabin
and stood with her out In front of the
pilot-house, .hoping to be alone. The
crowd of passengers followed. They
gathered in a semi-circle about the newly
wedded couple and at times cheered the
admiral and his wife.
A newspaper man apologized for intitul
ing and remarked that this w«i3 an em
barrassing situation. To this the admiral
assented. He Bald that he would rather
be excused, under the circumstances,,
from telling what his plans for the honey
moon were. After Jive minutes in this
semi-circle of curious people the admiral
and Mrs. Dewey walked into the cabin,
which was almost, empty, and sat to
gether do-wn on one side of the benches,
away back in the stern of the boat. They
wire alone only a few moments, however.
Then one by one persons began to wal.t
aiound the cabin and to take seats op
posite. In five minutes all the seats were
crowded. The admiral appeared slightly
■embarrassed, but he talked on uncon
cernedly to Mrs. Dewey, trying, evidently,
to appear unconscious of the curiosity of
the other passengers. He took it all
good-naturedly.
When the boat reached the Twenty
third street ferry-house the crowd hurried
out to the street in front to see the dis
tinguished passengers walk to their car
riage and to give them another cheer. A
big policeman, learning who was coming,
opened a wide pathway through the
crowd. •
The admiral did not come out the way
the crowd expected, however. Apparently
he did not attempt to evade the curious.
He simply went down with Mrs. Dewey
Couynued on Second Page.
CONTEST IS
CERTAIN IN
KENTUCKY
Victory Claimed by Both
Republican and Demo
cratic Candidates.
CHARGES OF FRAUD
Legislate Which Would Settle
the Dispute Is Believed to Ec
Strongly Democratic
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MIDDLESBORO, Nov. 9. — For
two hours to-day there was in
tense excitement here, caused by a
clash between the Ball and Turner
factions. The Balls nre Democrats,
but espoused the cause of Taylor
for Governor. Charles Pridmore. a
Turner follower, and C. D. Ball
met and began ahootlng at eai b
other. Their friend* assembled and
surrounded them. A long-range
street fight took place, in which
fifty shots were exchanged. The
factions have been at war for many
months, mid it is feared then- will
be trouble when the vote is can
vassed. Lee Turner returned to-the
outskirts of the town with a large
body of men, but as yet no demon
strations have been made.
LOriSYILT.E, Ky.. Nov. 9.— A con
fusion of claims and counter-claims
to quiet which the official count or
perhaps a contest before the Leg
islature will be necessarj is all that
is left of Tuesday's election. Above it all
vehement cries of fraud, committed or
contemplated, are heard. Bach side claims
the election of its ticket by a plurality of
ahout MOO and presents figures to back up
the ciaim. These figures in some counties
; vary widely, and It is Impossible to tell
which side, if cither, has accurate returns.
Chairman Long of the Republican cam
paign committee, when asked for an es
timate of the vote on the Gubernatorial
race, said:
"I have no estimate to give, but I can
•■ furnish the actual figures. On the face of
I the returns Taylor's plurality is 4136. All
the precincts have been heard from.
Twelve counties are not official, including
the returns from Kenton and Breathitt."
General Taylor said he was sure of hia
eelction by a majority that will not be
less than 4000. General Taylor said that
i official and semi-official returns from
nearly every precinct In the State showed
| that he had been elected.
A special from Frankfort quotes Gover
' nor Bradley as saying: "Taylor has been
elected by at hast 10,000 majority and he
will he the next Governor of Kentucky."
On the other hand, returns from Demo
cratic sources show a plurality on the
face of the returns of about 2000 for
Goebel. This they claim is to be effected
by returns from some missing precincts,
where the Democrats can hardly do worse
than break even. Mr. Goebel and Sena
tor Blackburn in interviews at Frankfort
to-day openly charged the Republicans
with fraud in the Eleventh District, from
| which the returns are coming in very
slowly.
The indications point more strongly than
ever to a contest before the Legislature,
which, there seems no reasonable doubt!
will be controlled by the Democrats.
Whether or not the members belonging to
that party will stand together on Ques
tions affecting a contest cannot now be
foretold. The county boards of canvass
ers, which meet to-morrow, simply count
and tabulate the returns. The State Board
of Election Commissioners then reviews
the work and decides all questions affect
ing contested ballots. This commission
certifies to the Secretary of State the elec
tion of officers receiving the highest num
ber of votes after the decisions of the
commissioners on contested election re
turns have been recorded. Under the
Goebel law the duties of the Secretary of
Continued on Second Page.
BULLER'S FIRST TASK
IS TO RESCUE WHITE
Failure to Receive Reports Concerning Fight
ing in Vicinity of Ladysmith Causes a
Most Gloomy Feeling in London,
This picturesque headland stands on the southern side of the entrance to the harbor of Port Natal. Its crest is 271
feet above the water, and on it stands an iron lighthouse eighty-one feet high whose light is visible for twenty-eight
miles. There are on it also two strong batteries of modern garrison guns. The British cruiser Terrible, with a
strong naval contingent, intended for defense against the Boers, is now due at Port Natal, where her sister ship, the
Powerful, and other war vessels already lie.
LONDON, Nov. 10.— Thje Cape Town correspondent of the Standard
says: Trje Ministerial papers h;ere are giving currency to infamous
charges of British) cruelty to prisoners and the treacherous use of tr;e
white fiag. It is asserted that thje British have bound prisoners to the
wheels of Maxiro guns and dragged trjem along.
fit Constantinople it is ruroored that Lord Cromer, British diplo
matic agent in Egypt, Y)os received instructions to arrange witb the
Egyptian Cabinet for tr;e dispatch of 5000 Egyptian troops to the Trans
vaal, but the report is discredited rjere.
LONDON, Nov. 10, 4:30 a.' m.—
scanty and conflicting news from
the seat of war and the fact that
General White has not yet said a
word about the alleged fighting
around Ladysmlth are again producing a
feeling of gloom. It may be that General
; White has Bent news and that General
; Buller has thought best to keep it to him
! self. Indeed, this is the version that is
beginning to be believed, as it is held to
ihe impossible that the news of heavy
, fighting brought by Kaffirs in such cir
i cumstantial detail cannot be wholly
; groundless. If this be so, it is ominous,
! for there could be no ground for conceal
; ing favorable news.
The Boers, if they ever entertained the
Idea of .'i real Invasion of Cape Colony,
have probably now abandoned it and will
devote their whole energies to reducing
Lady smith. Th< y have only about a week
to do this. The fart that they are rather
inactive indicates that they are waiting
for something which they feel sure will
justify their delay. The latest Estcourt
dispatches seem to hint that the parrison
| is nhout to retire further southward.
The first transport, the Roslin Castle,
carrying reinforcements, has arrived at
Tape Town and has hern ordered to pro
coed immediately to Durban. Other trnns
i ports are expected to arrive in the course
of a few days and will he directed to
proceed to the same port. This dispatch
of troops direct to Natal will evidently
interfere with General Buller's original
plan of campaign. At least one division
will he needed to extricate General White.
Tf the emergency is extreme the troops
can be sent up piecemeal from Durban
to the front as they come in but if there
' is no need for haste a whole division will
' probably he assembled hefore the for
ward movement takes place.
It seems clear that the first operation
of General Buller will he to set free Gen
eral White. The position of T,adysmith is
not critical, hnt it Is dangerous, from the
fact that the Boers are evidently bring
ing up numerous heavy puns from Johan
nesburg and without many heavy pieces
to reply to them General White is likely
tn find himself in difficulties, hut if a
column of 8000 or !W>o men can he swiftly
sent up from Durban the Boers In Natal
may he hadly defeated and these great
guns captured.
An official dispatch issued at the War
Oftice says that a slight bombardment of
' Kimberley has commenced. This is the
tirst notification that such a step is
taking place. The general in command
gives no details. The Boer force outside
<>f Kimberley does not exceed 6000 i and
they have never shown any special ag
gressiveness.
Orders have been received at Woolwich
and Devenport for the mohilization of a
siege train, which, it is supposed, is in
tended for the purpose of shelling Pre
toria. The force manning it will approxi
mate to the strength of eip:ht batteries.
Its armament will be thirty howitzers,
fourteen 6-inch guns, eight 5-inch puns
and eight 4-lneh Runs, the whole train
weighing more than 3000 tons. This will
be the first employment of a modernized
siege train by any European army, and
the progress of the reduction of the forts
by lyddite shell fire, a preliminary to
storming by infantry, will be watched
with interest and curiosity by all profes
sional soldiers.
Three large steamers have just been
chartered at Liverpool to convoy the
10,000 troops of the divisions which Lord
W"olseley yesterday announced would be
mobilized.
STALE REPORTS FROM
THE SCENE. OF BATTLE
LONDON, Nov. 9.— The Colonial Office
has received a telegram from the Gov
ernor of Natal giving a copy of tlio
pigeon post message received oy the
Premier from the commandant of volun
teers. It is as follows:
"LADYSMITiL Tuesday. Nov. .'.—l sent
THE BLUFF AT PORT NATAL
yi in November 3, by native mesF^nger, a
report of the engagement that day, but
I am not sure if it reached you, as the
messenger has not returned. Major
Taunter ai d Serg< >nt Mapsone of the
Natal Carbineers were killed. Captain
! of the Border Mounted Rifles was
wounded. Nine were wounded, il slight
ly, and are doing well. There has been.
nothing important since. The hospital
was removed to a spot on the railway
three miles south. All was quiet on San
day and Monday. The enemy renewed
the bombardment to-day, but no damage
has been done."
The War Office has received th> follow
ing dispatch from General Buller, dated
tap.. Town, Wednesday, November S,
11:50 p. in. :
"Colonel Kekewlch telegraphs from
Kimberley, November 8, that all is well
there, and there hag been no serious at
tack as yet A Blight bombardTiem did
no damage. Information from Alafeking
shows that place was safe October 27.
Colonel Plumer hail a successful engage
ment near Fort Tuli October 27.
"General White reports by pigeon post
that the wounded and some civilians
from Ladysmith have been removed four
miles down the railway by an arrange
ment with Coloinl Joubert to a neutral
vine, to save them from the bombard
ment. Ninety-nine wounded from Dun
dee have been sent in under tlag of truce.
They are all doing well, including t-e fol
lowing officers: Colonel C. C. Heckett,
Major F. Hammersley, Captain P. T,.
Adam, Lieutenant McL&chhn, Major
Boultbee, Captain Dibley, Lieutenant c.
N. I. run, Lieutenant, C. A. Wortham,
Major W. Davidson and Lieutenant D.
E. Welder. The bombardment was dis
continued November 4 and B, and it Is
expected to recommence November 6."
SAYS LADYSMITH IS
SAFE FOR SOME TIME
LONDON, Nov. 10.— The Telegraph has
received the following from its corre
spondent at Pietennaritzburg:
"I have some hesitation in accepting the
rumors of heavy fighting near Ladysmith.
The Boers are evidently trying to effect a
lodgment around the place whence they
can shell the town and camps, but General
White's batteries are able to prevent them
from closing in too near. Owing to the
fact that Ladysmith lies and the
Boers have unluckily been' permitted to
occupy Mount Bulwan and other of the
surrounding big hills, attempts to open
up heliographic communication have
■'■ a failure.
"As regards Estcourt and Pietermaritz
burg. they are safe. So is Ladysmith for
a long time to come. Two white men,
Messrs. Barnard and Hoenkins, who, ow
ing to their knowledge of the district,
were able to escape from Ladysmith Sun
day night, arrived at Estcourt to-day,
having traveled by way of Frere. They
rode west, following the Kaffir paths.
They report that tho Boers have guns
north, east and west of the town, namely,
on Signal Hill, Mount Bulwan and lvp
worth Hill. Beyond killing a few Kaffirs
and coolies their shells have done little
damage.
"General White, they say, wrote to
General Joubert, asking permission to
send away the non-combatants. The Boer
leader's reply was that the women and
children would be received under tho guns
at Mount Bulwan. All others in the place
and the town guard would be prisoners of
war. A meeting of the townspeople was
held, under the presidency of the Mayor,
and declined to accept these terms. The
audience enthusiastically sang the na
tional anthem."
DARING PERFORMANCE.
ESTCOTRT. Natal, Nov. 5.-Dptails
were received frrun the armored train
which returned from Colenso to-day of a
brilliant httle performance. The train
PTUCE FIVE CENTS.
which carried two companies of the
Dublin Fusileers ilnder Captain Romero,
sighted r.ear Colenso the Boers in con
siderable r "orce near the line, '."he Fusi
leers immediately opened a brisk fire, to
which the Boers replied ineffectively, and
as they were suffering loss, they quickly
retired out of sight. But as the train
cautiously advanced, the Boers were
seen moving round on its left flank, their
presumed object being to take the train
in the rear. To avoid this the train re
tired. It was seen that the Boers had
no Intention of attacking, but were in full
retreat over the road and bridge. Im
mediately r. strong detachment left the
train and entered the town, while the
train slowly advanced to the station.
Several volleys at long range were fired
on the retreating enemy. The British
also succeeded in entering Fort Wylie,
near Colenso, and brought back four
wagonloads of shells, provisions and
stores.
BOTH SIDES SUFFER
SOME HEAVY LOSSES
ESTCOT'RT, Nov. fi.— Fighting is pro
j ceeding daily. On Friday three separate
j engagements took place. The main at
tack was on the Boer batteries at -iula
| wana Hill. The British casualties were
about l&J men in killed and wounded, but
accumulating reports show that the
enemy suffered far heavier loss -.
COURAGE IS ADMIRED.
TAPE TOWN*. Monday, Nov. 6.— There
is no doubt that the feeling prevalent of
admiration for the courage of the Boers
during the recent fighting is a good au
gury for a future peaceful settlement of
the existing trouble. The Boer prisoners
on the British cruiser Penelope pay high
tribute to the British artillery.
Reports from Kimberley seem to Indi
cate that the investing force has been
greatly -weakened for the purpose of send
ing detachments to the eastern and south
ern borders. The threatened widespread
Boer invasion of Cape Colony has not ma
terialized. Doubtless the swollen river
and the possibility of their retreat being
cut off has had some effect.
The work of laying a new cable to St.
Helena will be commenced Tuesday. ,
BRIDGE BLOWN UP.
BURGHERSDORP, Cape Colony, Nov.
There are no signs here of the Boers,
though it Is asserted that they will in
vade Burghersdorp to-morrow morning.
It is said that a large Boer force has
traversed Jamestown, going in the di
rection of Queenstown. Their signals
were plainly visible at night. The police
have returned and reoccupied Storm
burg and Nauuwpoort. The Boers have
blown up the Achterlang railroad bridge
and have cut the wires.
DISABLED TRANSPORT.
ST. VINCENT. Cape Verde Islands,
Nov. 9.— The British transport Persia \*itri
a srn adron of the Inniskilling jJragoons,
a hospital detachment and munitions of
war on board has been towed here with
her thrust shaft broken and other
damage done. She was picked up by a
tup close to some rocks and was towed
twenty-two miles.
DEPARTURE OF HIGHLANDERS.
LONDON, Nov. 9.— Enormous crowds in
the streets and about the docks here bade
farewell to the first battalion of the
Gordon Highlanders, Darghai heroes. In
which a son of General White is a lieu
tenant. The presence of Lady White and
her daughter increased the enthusiasm.
GERMAN SHIPS CALLED HOME.
KINGSTON. Jamaica, Nov. 9.— The Ger
man Consul here received to-day an inti
mation that, owing to the war conditions.2
SHADY CHARACTER OF
THE NEW LORD MAYOR
Justice Wright Declares That Newton's
Business Ventures Should Be
Investigated.
LONDON, Nov -'I Mayor's show, which marked the Induction of
A. J, Newton into office, was favored to-. lay by exceptionally brilliant weath
er. ■■ ttsfy the London crowds, who poured out
In enormous -numbers ta vent their martial enthusiasm. The streets were
Ith flags, but the absent f a detachment of the House
ry and the substitution of a number of school-boy brigades testi
fied to the presence of the v-t. rnns at the front. A car representing Great
,;,,< by h< ' Canad n and Australian volunteers,
rty applause, ;:- did the boys r.f the Duke <>f York's Royal Mili-
The cr< » ve.r, wanted kliaki uniforms and r-fused to
. .vih the J-<«:.l Mayors coach and other emblems of purely
civic i
' In Introducing the new Lord Mayor at the law court? this afternoon the
. qertafci c • Inst Mr. Newton in connection with
. ■ ired the Justices that the lx>rd Mayor courted
■• ■ ' • Chief Justice said he had heard the statement
. "that the community would heartily rejoice
red his reputation."
Mr. N i director . some of which are said ta be
ribed as being so notorious that
Justii "• ■■ ■ JSary to refer it to the at
■
Si :■ . St< sen and
Charli ' ters and due
-
. The order has
TO FIGHT FOE, BOERS.
[CAGO, N»v. 9 Charlea Schneiaer,
with the
Will iig "
nd Hght with Presi-
Lnizing a r» gi
-3 ith Africa. Most of
■
■ usslan
war.
SCHLEY RECEIVES ORDERS.
WASHINGTON, Nor. r-.— Admiral
s ..il orders
nt to hoist his
w Y'.rk on the
rnand of the
■ ■ •:■ in.
CONTEST IS
CERTAIN IN KENTUCKY
led from First Page.
mply to making pub
...
iry of
irison
' • ■ ■ ; here
ry county
jublfshed h I
pea] from gs of
S mmission
■ nn<l
:' pi contest
I
■ i nii-ni) •
which
.■■ returns,
n under th< terms of the Goebel law
by. tl itrure whlcl that
tV. .T. Pryor of
■ ' ■
V. J. Ellis of < ■
1 arte l n-in
a meeting
;he fourth
.'
A ; tin# of f (lowers of
■ • the anti
• ■ . was held
f vig
what
: ■ ■ ■ roebel
• . g of their c\n
rd to law or right,"
■
A • ■ ■ f three was appointed t
■ lots by the
iXKFORT, Ky., Nov.
 telegraphed by hun I
■ to the
event Taylor being
" mocratic
the
:, attempting to perpetrate
■
- . foung sayq
county returning
iw will give <;..ebel over
it all minor
Icket will win.
wing
"H m w bel, Frankfort :
just : ims an near enough
complete to insure your ele :ti< n. Congrat
ulations. I am sure your administration
will s he party.
■•WILLIAM J. BRYAN."
CITIZENS ORGANIZE
TO PREVENT FRAUDS
LEXINGTON, Ky., Nov. -Twelve
hundred citizens of all parties met at the
opera-house to-nighi to devise methods to
prevent alleged election frauds. Judges
George Denny and R. A. Thornton made
addresses counseling force if necessary to
prevent it. Colonel W. C. P. Breckinridge
and J. C. Bronston were more temperate.
The former pointed out how Bradley may,
under the constitution, continue Governor
until his successor is qualified or until the
Federal court settles the question. One
thousand dollars was contributed to
prosecute aHeged frauds in this county.
LOUISVILLE PAPERS GET
CONFLICTING FIGURES
'LOUISVILLE, Nov. 10.— The Courier-
Journal's munis, received up. to 2 a, m.,
cover all but thirty-five precincts in the
State. They give Goebel a net plurality
of 941: Ten of the missing precincts are
In Democratic counties and twenty-five
are In Republican counties. In the ( our,
ler-Journal's tables; however, are several
counties from which their* correspondents'
report estimated and not actual plural
ities, lift urns received by the Com
mercial (Rep.) up to the same hour give
Taylor a net plurality of 8438 in the State.
REPUBLICAN INSPECTORS
EJECTED BY POLICE
CINCINNATI, Nov. :> • ■ n day
at Covington., Ky., Mayer J. L. Rhlnock I
: )'"! ; - • men !•> each j
of the various polling places and h
out the Republican Inspectors. This he 1
did without ebjection to their presence by
the regulation election officers. In
cases the doors were broken open by th>> '
police. An appeal to the courts restored'
■ irs before tho
closed. To-day Warrants were nworn out
[ayor Rninock and several of his
:■>■. charging them with Inter- !
ferlng with the election. To-morrow i">a
more warrants win be sworn nut with the
charge ajralnst the policemen that
obeyed Mayor Rhlnock's orders.
AS REPORTED BY
THE WESTERN UNION
CINCINNATI, Nov. 9.— The Western
Union Issues the following bulletin to-day
on the Kentucky election:
Kentucky— With complete returns from
eighty-one counties and incomplete re-
turns from thirty-five, making a total of
l!''' ' ouni les out of i;:-. three coum i
■ pprt< d. Taylor's vote
stands 165, 163,815, leaving
Taylor's plurality 1283. Of the three
ties unreported, one Raw in Li
1'• mocratii pluraii;. I . and .wo
a Republican plurality of 1136, the
■ nee being SBa. This added to
Taylor's plurality as abovi Paylor
a lead of 2168 votes. The unreported
les are Kr.ott, L*sli" and Martin.
result <>f the election is still in doubt,
probabilities l<eir.K in favor of Taylor.
Complete returns from the counties only
partially reported may make a material ■
■ in the figures.
BRYAN'S NOMINATION
CONSIDERED CERTAIN
NEW YORK. Nov. 9.— Dispatches re
ceived by the Herald from all parts of
iuntry sh>>w thai Democrats unani
mously regard the r< suit of
■ ■ :■. as making certain the nomination
of William J. Bryan for President
As t" the Issues to be rained In the
Presidential contest, thej I quite
so certain. All agree thai i r will
1"- prominent, and some, Hk< S
■l • ■
k t r
anti-trusts, anti-imperialism at!.i ant
.. to li" pr iminent. Still 01
however, regard anti-expansion and anti
imperialism as likely m eul no figure In
-; free silver ts me
main issues. Thes expressions of opin
ion come from Mayor Harrison and John
P Altxeld of Chicago, Senator Morgan of
of Missouri.
.•■ Fred Williams of Maesachus
rominem politic lai - i : Cincinnati.
Boston, St. Lotis ::nd large cities In all
parts of tiie country.
PATRICK CLAIMS THAT
CALDWELL WAS DEFEATED
COLUMBUS, Nev. 9.— A flurry was cre
ated In political circles to-day by the
claims of the Democratic State Com
mittee that Patrick (D.) had been elected
Lieutenant Governor over Caldwell (R.).
The returns show that Caldwell bad been :
cut heavily as the result of the fight made
against him by the Anti-Saloon League,
but the Republican committee had not
given the matter any consideration- To- :
day, however, the county chairmen were
asked for . the vote on Lieutenant Gov
ernor. To-night returns had been re
ceived from seventy counties, which gave
Caldwell a plurality of 8278. The remain
ing eighteen counties Rave Nash a plural
ity of 12,166, and as they are all strongly
Republican, Chairman Dick claims tn'e
election of Caldwell with the greatest
confidence. It is claimed Caldwell's
plurality over Patrick will not be less
than 5000. Revised figures on the head
of the ticket show that Nash S plurality
is 50,512.
JONES TALKS OF A
CHRISTIAN POLICY
TOLEDO, Ohio, Nov. 9.— Mayor .1 i
issued a signed statement in
which he denies that lie had s;ud: "If
my race has in any way contributed to
the Bucoese of John Ft. McLean and p. re
s policy of th<
ministration, I feel that It has not been
in vain."
■• Mayor Jones then says of Imperialism:
"I believe trie Non-Partisan vote of Ohio
may be -ff corded as favoring a Christian
policy toward the Philippines. Person
ally, I believe the Filipinos have a rl^ht
to be free as well as the American?, ana
I have frankly said so whenever Che.
question- was raised, but I have no
thought whatever of trying to represent
any other man as believing: as I do. I
want all men to be free to speak for
themselves."
FUSION VICTORY
SURE IN NEBRASKA
LINCOLN, Nov. P.— Complete returns
from eighty-seven out of the ninety coun
i the State give Holcomb, Fusion,
I ese, Republican, 90,269, a fusion
majority ••! 18,692 Remaining counties,
. on last year's vote, will make the
fusion majority in the State 14,000. The
Fuslonistn elect Neville to Congress In the
Sixth District.
MRS. HAZEN WEDS
ADMIRAL DEWEY
Continued from First Page.
to the lower floor of the station. Instead
of leaving by the wide stairway to the
Street, and entered one of the Pennsyl
vn-.ii Railway Company's cabs, The
crowd In front learned what he had done
when a cheer rose from s ime boys at the
carriage entrance to the station, and the
carriage sped out and across to Twenty
fourth streel with the horse at a fast
trot. Half a dozen coupes followed and
•:.'T<-- was a race to the Waldorf. Secre
tary Roofs coupe followed the admiral's
ns far as Fifth avenue and then turned
off.
The admiral's carriage turned at
Thirty-third street and stopped in front
•if the private door to the apartments of
Mr. Boldt, proprietor of the Waldorf. The
admiral and Mrs. Dewey hurried out of
their cab and into the door before an
other crowd could gather.
]•'. L>. Thomas, Mr. lioldt's manager,
m<-t The admiral anil his wife and led
Mi'in to the private suite adjoining the
apartments of Mr. Boldt, where they will
remain while In the city. Mrs. Dewey'.s
maid had come on an earlier train and
the baggage was already there. Dinner
ilso ready to' serve In the apart
m< :it.
The admiral and Mrs. Dewey will use
Mr. Boldt'S private entrance and will
have their own dining-room. The ad
miral is not going to go about in dis
guise, but it is his wish to be as little
noticed a.s possible and his movements
are not to be heralded in advance. The
admiral must have known when he was
here a few days nj<o that he was to t,.
married to-day, for ho had everything ar
ranged. Some flowers, pent to Mrs.
Dewey, were delivered at the hotel in the
afteraouu.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1899.
GENERAL OTIS UNDISTURBED BY
THE RAIN OF CAUSTIC COMMENTS
Side Lights on "the Rings" and "the Bosses"
That Direct Trade and War in the
Philippines.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
MANILA, P. 1.. Sept. 20.— The equa
nimity of his excellency, the mili
tary governor, General Otis, has
been undisturbed by the moun
tains of reproach and piles* of
odium that have been heaped upon his
devoted head bj the hosts >>f volunteers
and press correspondents that have either
returned to the United States or remain
in these Islands. And as the administra
tion, it seems, Is determined to retain
him in his post, why, Indeed, should such
trivial matters annoy him? The publi
cation of cables from Washington an
nouncing the "full confidence <>f the Presi
dent" was a feature of the las; week,
hut then the local sheets are obliged to
print all fulsome news, and none of a
<:• rogatorj t> p<-.
The charges that have boon made, not
only by volunteers, hut also by cor
respondents, "that our troops have shot
down and killed in cold blood the poor in
nocent Filipino" are a pack of lies. The
truth is that these scoundrels have been
treated too well and far too leniently by
the American authorities. In fact. Otis
and his officers Beem to have l"-e;i afraid
of the criticisms that might have devel
oped into charges of cruelty on the part
of some missionary and other organiza
tions, who have the "welfare" of the
poor nip^t-r at heart. Your Fj
knows ii" such a thins a? kindness, and
the trite saying hem "that fur every
Filipino lorn a rattan is created" is an
axiom that is true and appropriate.
The Filipinos are cruel, treacherous
and unreliable and only kept in order md
attention to their duty by a stern exhi
• .if justice and firmness. Although,
as I have s; Id, General Otis has been the
■ • of every species <>f criticism and
charges laid against him of Incompetency,
; > the <|i"'Mi"»- Im
mer.-rd as he is and has been in all the
details of managing a
army, attending to civil duties of ;: na
ture ci ■ ■ ' pasi life' and
■ ms. he was obliged ;■■ paj attention
X ici .T i ertaln of his
subordinates, who have in some instances,
!.. aggrandizr themselves, made repre
authority of certain
Filipii ict< r in no wise re
sembles that of Ceasar's wife.
Especially so is this the case with one
individual, who while nominally occupy
ing the post of president of the Board
of (bat ll was in fact ' •:;_•>
between, who brought to the notice of
the general the "Rood" Filipinos who ad
mired the great American nation. Once
tiny obtain 'i the recognition, these fel
lows gained a knowledge of moves and
actions contemplated by the United
States trotops, and within a few Bh ■;■;
hours the details were known to their na
: lends at the front.
i pon ;h" strength of having accompa
nied a bug at.d bird hunting expedition
to tin-sr islands some years ago, ami as
his fellow traveler, who has been se
. a-- a commissioner 'at a salary of
yearly and l^>) daily for expenses),
wrote a book on these islands and boomed
him up, this individual became r- c ignized
as an authority.
The recognition of the Filipinos intro
duced by this man and their further re
ceivinfc attentions and
♦ !>• Ing consulted by the
! "useless" commission
; has after his depart
ure been ascertained
to have been without
\h<- pliphtest value.
Like all the race, these
j, Filipino* iKi\i- made
a»e of their recognized
4
7
Crafty
Filipino
Schemers
♦-
position with the authorities to impress
their countrymen with. the idea that Gen
eral Otis will (Jo anything they counsel
and to which they give their approbation.
The principal person recommended by the |
individual mentioned is a doctor nameo.
Pardo de Tavera, a fellow whoso past
career is known to every respectable for
eign resident in Manila, none of whom
are willing to trust him beyond ken. An
other of these counselors is the proprietor
of large distilleries here and an ex-mem
ber of Aguinaldo's Cabinet, who saw that
to pretend to sympathize with the Ameri
cans was the best way to remain in Ma
nila and sneak into favor with the powers
that be to obtain news that might be
useful to his countrymen, at the same
time keeping himself from harm. His
name is Hector Legarda, and his con
stant companion in daily drives is Com
missioner Worcester, whose sole aim is to
establish municipal governments and ap
point the respective Mayors, who after a
while are invariably found to be colonels
in the insurgent army.
Dally the Filipinos appointed to posts as
Mayors and head men in the villages
where Commissioner Worcester has ,made
his rounds are reported, after hiving
taken the oath of allegiance to the United
States, to be insurgent officers or in sym
pathy with the cause. And still this- man
Worcester is vain enough to imagine that
through his efforts the future regenera
tion of the Filipino race is to be accom
plished. His constant companion, as men
tioned, is Hector Legarda, and there is a
shrewd suspicion afloat that the "Mayor"
appointments are made by Worcester
upon I/egarda's recommendation. ,:%■..
Just what qualifications Worcester. had
that caused the administration to appoint
him as Commissioner must be a secret to
all in the Philippines, for beyond his
career as a bug and bird hunter and his
launch into literature his ability to grasp
such important questions as have . pre
sente.d themselves at this juncture are
very limited. But then there is a deal in
looking wise and saying little. Consen
sus of opinion, if freely "expressed in the
army and navy and among civilians', who
from iong residence among these islands
are entitled to have. knowledge of affairs,
is that the labors of this wonderful" com
mission will be of but little value. : .
Colonel Denby is a nice, mild old gen
tleman, v.'ho from several years' resi
dence in China -v as
4 ♦
Their
Services
Come High.
♦ ■ ♦
supposed to be pre
eminently suited to be
one of the elect. No
doubt his legal
knowledge and ex
perience with affairs
stamp him as ihe
most capable man of
the party. He and
Dewey and, now, Watson may be classed
as the bright minds of this remarkable
Junketing commission that are supposed
to be giving McKinley and the nation at
large an insight into how the Filipinos
should he governed.
I venture to state that Admiral Dewey
and the Officer who is now In command
of the naval forces, John C. Watson,
could and would make a. better report
upon the entire Question and all its
phases than any civil or military member
of this commission. Fancy three men,
each one needing a private secretary,
a special disbursing officer, a secretary
and four or five assistants, all drawing
salaries from the fathomless pocket of
Uncle Sam, under the "appropriation for
national defense"; carriages and horses
at their disposal, house rent free; and
an allowance for entertaining that has
been utilized but once in a public manner.
And what has resulted from this^com
mission's labors? So far as Otis is con
cerned as a member of the concern, naught,
for he rarely attendeditseittlngs, while, if,
the truth is known, Dewey. simply:, went
to the sessionp as a matter of duty. The
whole show seems to have been run by
Schurman and Worcester, aided by the
trio or rather quartet of Filipinos intro
duced into prominent notice as "amigos
de los Americanos."
To make some show, in view of the
presence of this commission, Otis has es
tablished petty courts of justice (or
rather a travesty), over which Filipino
shyster lawyers recommended by the
"amigos" preside.
Fancy a court in the South, presided
over by a negro judge, and a white man
ns the prisoner! What Justice would he
obtain? And this Is the state of affairs
here. An American soldier or .-ailor, a
civilian or any European has scant
jest i.e. 'They are fined ten or twenty
times more than a Filipino for the same
offense.
The intricate, obsolete, annoying
methods of Spanish procedure are still
in vogue— modes misty and unfathomable,
that are beyond the comprehension of
not only the learned judge advocate of
the army, whose only experience has
been at the army post, but beyond the
power to unravel of the majority of the
so-called lepnl lights who have hung up
their shingles as "Abogados Ameri
canos."
Not content with consulting the alleged
"amlgOS," the commission through Otis
has subsidized a paper
called the Democra
cla. edited hy the be
fore mentioned Pardo
de Tavera. The pa
per has a rival for
the same considera
tion. El Filipino Li
bre, 'run by another
gentleman of the Ta-
4 —♦
Attacks
on Catholic
Church.
>— — f
vera type. The contents of these papers
in the' main seem to be daily attacks
upon the Catholic church and its priests.
And y.-t these two editors and their as
sociates were the recipients of the ut
most charity and consideration from the
Archbishop and the heads of the clergy.
1 venture to predict that these two Bcoun
drels would turn against their American
amlgos at the sUghtesl provocation. Their
past character Is proof of such a pre
diction. I have nevr seen such filthy and
outrageous matter In print as has ap
peared In the columns of these papers;
and when the paper Llbertas, conducted
by the Dominican fathers, attacked them
In turn they went like slinking curs to
the censor to complain.
"While writing upon this theme. It may
be opportune to state that the trouble
after this revoli Is ended will be of a re
ligioua character. There are a number
of godly men in our midst, some of them
chaplains of the volunteers and of the
army, wh>> have endeavored to win over
the natives from Catholicism, by hook or
by crook., by holding out various prom
ises nf ttv-'.r power to obtain positions
In the United State's service for those
who embrace their views and place' them
selves under the wing of these ministers
of the gospel. Thpy have, in view of the
fact that Spanish laws prevail here,
l themselves, according to the opin
ion of the legal light attached to the
provost marshal's office, in jeopardy of
being brought before a court of justice.
Not content to administer the rights of
matrimony to the ignorant Filipinos?
(whose idea of marital obligation is in the
main but vague) in a private manner,
they openly announce through the papers
that on such a day a Filipino wedding
will take place, the performance to be
gone through under the auspices of Pas
tor Prautch (a commission agent mis
sionary*, to which ceremony all are In
vited. Including Archbishop Nozaleda and
a number of Catholic priests. All liberal
minded men here are disgusted with this
missionary crowd, who seem to deny the
right of the Catholic church to remain
in these Islands, and being perverse and
ignorant of general matters as mission
aries generally are, are bigoted in the ex
treme
As a sequel to this religious war sus
tained in the papers edited by Filipinos
and the Dominicans, the Spanish resi
dents are sore against the American au
thorities for allowing such scandalous at
tacks on their church. For, while they
have no love for the rule exercised over
the islands in the past by the Friars,
they have respect and veneration for
the tenets of their religion— and, also, it
must be remembered that in this Eighth
Army Corps there are also a number of
men who are Catholics. The two pa
pers printed in English are also mixed up
in the controversy and print the most pal
pable lies anent the Catholic church Im
aginable.
Two days ago the Manila Times, from
information given to its editor by Pardo
de Tavera and his co-editor of the Filipino
Libre, Xeres Burgos, published the story
that at the request of these two worthies
<>tis had ordered the suppression of the
Dominican paper Llbertas. This, as as
certained, was a He. The Freedom print
ed a yarn that big. open-hearted, liberal
Captain "Dick" Leary, one of the idols of
the American navy, had expelled the
Friars from Guam when he arrived there
to assume the office of Governor. As a
matter of fact there was only one priest
there and he was the recipient of a letter
i from Governor Leary tendering him a
CHANGE EXPECTED
AT MARE ISLAND
Hobson May Be Placed
There.
Special Dispatch to Tho fall.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 9.— The Secretary
of the Navy is not entirely satisfied with
the present conduct of affairs at the Mare
Island Navy-yard, having more especial
reference to the construction and repair
department. In order that ho might more
thoroughly be conversant with matters
he quietly had Naval Constructor Taylor
visit the Pacific Coast a few weeks ago
and report to him in person. The con
tinual wrangling among the working
force and Naval Constructor Frank W.
Hibbs, coupled with numerous letters
from State Senator Luchslnger, Congress
man Victor Metcalf and several business
nifii of Valiejo, has rendered him not at
all agreeable when discussing matters
about that locality.
Labor unions in San Francisco have for
warded him any number of documents
bearing on the recent reduction of wages
at the y;ird. He realizes the fact that
in order to accomplish the best results
complete harmony should exist between
the employes and tho her.d of each de
partment, and he is seriously considering
a relief for Naval Constructor Hibhs, al
though nt present there seems to be no
one available to fill the position.
Hobson, who is now in Manila, has ex
pressed a desire to return a little later
on. and he may be given the duty in rec
ognition of his past meritorious services.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Promo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money If It falls to cure.
K. W. Grove' signature Is on each box. 2&0.
passage to Manila on the transport Nan-
Hhan, as he had been ordered to return
here hy his superior. And so the merry
religious war goes on.
Commissioner Worcester Is very much
to blame in the matter, for not only in
his book on the Philippines but since his
arrival here he has exhibited the utmost
dislike and hatred to all connected with
the Catholic church, and in lieu of acting
as a conciliator, he has fomented in every
way the bad feeling dormant among the
natives. His "amigos" are wpII posted on
the value of the, property of the various
religious orders and are hopeful, with his
aid, of obtaining their lands if some meth
od is devised to sell them on orders from
Washington.
The most outrageous high handed pro
ceedings are practiced against the owners
ot property managed
by the church and the
various orders by the
assistant quartermas
ter, who is charged
with the rental and
hiring of buildings for
dwellings and offices
for the T v nited States
officials. Despite all
I . —
Some
Specimen
Officials.
4 4.
protests, he pays what rent he pleases (in
many rases retaining payment for several
months until it suits his conveni
ence to pay) and in some instances
the buildings are forcibly entered by
armed guards that take possession. An
instance, of this kind took place last week,
with regard to a large building under the
care of the. Archbishop's office. The de
tails and forcible entry have been sent to
Rome and no doubt the papal legate and
some of the Catholic clergy in the United
States will bring the matter before the
President.
Raymond Sulzer Is an assistant quarter
master here and his lot is far better than
If he had remained in New York as a pet
tifogging attorney. Since his arrival he,
in common with all the officials connected
with the administration department of
the army, except perhaps Major Bralnard
and Major Sam Jones, have shown an
open preference in all bids for public
works and supplies to patronize English,
Chinese and, in fact, every nation except
Americans.
This Sulzer shares with the captain of
the port. Lieutenant Braunersreuther— j
the hero of Guam— the odium of dislike, |
not only of civilians but also of ninety per j
cent of the army and navy, with whom |
they come in contact. With regard to the j
latter, opinion is unanimous. No one has j
a good word for him. He cannot be civil
to any one except his superiors, to whom i
he cringes. Public gossip is severe anent
this captain of the port, as his salary as j
a- lieutenant in the navy is not at all j
commensurate to maintain his style of j
living. He rides a splendid Australian ■
horse that at the present rate of horse- I
fltsh cost at least $1000, while the dash
ing carriage that his wife and daughter |
use. accompanied by a coachman and j
tiger in buttons and a cockade forsooth—
to ape the styles used by the foreign Con
suls—cost a good round sum. The inter- j
preter of his office, who was miserably
poor when the American occupation of j
Manila took place, now rides around in a j
swell turnout and sports diamonds, on a ;
salary ot 200 Mex's monthly. From all \
these incidents conclusions are drawn, j
Merchants and shipowners are wishing j
the return to the office of captain of the
port of an officer like Captain Henry j
Class or some one of his type, so that the .
discourtesy shown by Braunersreuther !
and his immediate Inferiors would be at
an end.
The various correspondents have devot- j
ed themselves to denunciations of Otla
and his shortcomings, but have refrained
from noticing the various officers who de- \
serve far greater scorching for their in- j
capacity and uselespness. To give a list :
would occupy a column, but prominent •
for getting credit for work that is done by
his immediate subordinate officers and
men is the depot quartermaster. Major
Devol. His men, Captain Walcott, Lieu
tenant Haisch, Civil Engineer Mead of
Kan Francisco, Transportation Chiefs
Norton and Harvey and others do all the
work, and Devol, Looking wise and assum
ing an air of knowing everything, gets the
credit. Not a line of praise has been
vouchsafed to the members of the pay
corps under Colonel MacClure, an kudos
hns given the people of the United States
the idea that Major Brainard and his
corps of officers and men of the subsist
ence department have worked themselves
nigh unto death, despite all the obstacles
placed in their way by Devol, whose spite
against some of the members of the sub
sistence department was always a matter
for comment. Paymasters, few in number
considering the large body of troops here,
work day and night, incur danger when
out on the lines in performance of their
du'ies, but of whom no mention is made.
That efficient officer. Captain Martin of the
Fourteenth Infantry, whose duty it is to
keep the streets of Manila in order and
attend to sanitary matters, has never
been deemed worthy of notice. And in
deed if any man is worthy of praise Mar
tin is that man. Considering the filthy,
disgusting state of the public and private
residences, and offices, the dirty streets
and byways of this town, that had been
uncleansed for more than a year, and look
ing with impartiality at the resistance
of the inhabitants to sanitary methods,
Martin has accomplished a work that, in
view of the annoyances and obstacles
prevalent, seems almost superhuman.
The work of Major Kilbourne, as the
general treasurer of the islands; of Major
Kehleher, as chief paymaster of civil
funds, has never been given a word of
praise, and yet these men, while never
catering for newspaper notoriety, like
Devol and others, are worthy of com
mendation.
Then, too, there was the gallant Miley,
whoso desire to conduct the extra work
imposed upon him by the cheeseparing
policy of Otis resulted in an attack of
brain fever that ended In death. Others
who get all praise c:in ride around in
carriages paid for by Uncle Sam, whose
purse is evidently unlimited in capacity.
It may be thought that in this letter I
have indulged in personal feelings. On
the contrary, my object in writing has
been to let the public of the United States
know of matters and events that the cor
respondents of the various newspapers
are ignorant of and have little desire to
make public, devoting their attention to
military rather than civil subjects.
In my next it will be shown how these
wily Filipinos sought to entrap Otis into
assuming the presidency of the cutthroat
Katipunan Society, and also to show the
restrictions, the burdens, the unjust im
positions that Americans are suffering
under in common with Europeans. One
word in conclusion, it is better to be a
Chinaman. Filipino or Englishman, or,
Indeed, any nationality at present, than
to be an American, for under this Otis
regime and in combination with the
course pursued by some of his subordi
nates American merchants and those
who desire to settle here and aid in de
veloping the islands are subjected to the
grossest insults ana injustice.
As this mail leaves the news, welcome
to otis and all the military world, is to
the effect that the commission is ordered
home. Jt is no secret that thoir return in
an official sense is not wished, as now
military operations can be entered into
without seeking advice from Worcester
and his amigos. FLOWEK.
CASTRO DECIDES TO
SHELL PUERTO CABELLO
General Bolivar, Who Visited the Fort
Under a Flag of Truce, Arrested
and Held Prisoner.
CARVCAS Nov 9.— General Castro has decided to Bheli Puerto Cabello
tn morrow the fort having failed to surrender as agreed upon last week. Gen
eral Poiivar Castro's envoy, who visited Puerto Cabello under a flag or
truce was arrested there by General Parados, and this violation of a flag of
true has largely influenced Castro's decision. It Is Btated that the bombard
ment will be participated in both by land batteries and the Venezuelan cruis
ers recently sent to the harbor by Castro.
TWO ARMIES
SAFELY CARRIED
Work, of the Quarter
master's Department.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 9.— The report of
Quartermaster General Ludington, made
public by the War Department to-day,
shows an immense amount of work ac
complished by this» department in con
aectton with 'the military operations of
the past year.
This includes the organization of a
transport fleet, the moving of two armies
to the Philippines, in addition to the
troops transported to Cuba and Porto
Rico, the repatriation of over 55,060 Span
ish soldiers from the various islands cap
tured, the care and transportation of the
immense quantites of animals and sup
pliea necessary for the support of our own
soldiers and the disinterment and return
to the United States of over 1200 soldiers
and civilians who died in the Government
service in Cuba, Porto Rico, Hawaii and
the Philippines.
General Ludington gives a list of thirty
seven vessels now included In the trar.s
port fleet. During the fiscal year I
vessels have carried 202.5.57 persons De-
Uvhii Cuba. Porto Rico, Hawaii. the
Philippine Islands and the United States.
All this has beer, accomplished without
the loss of a single life throimh this ac
count. There have been carried 27
animals and 5G,1;.0 tons of freight.
The work cf sanitation and reconstruc
tion accomplished in Cuba and Porto Rico
lias been immense. It has included ihe
construction of water works, the re
building and purifying of barracks and
the rebuilding of wharves and cleaning
of whole towns and cities.
In the Philippines two distinct armies
have been landed and one returned to the
United States. The handling of this great
force has been accomplished with small
delay in face of great natural obstacles,
lack* of wharves and landing facilities and
In the presence in many Instances of
hostile natives and armed Spaniards.
Since the occupation of Luzon and thp
adjacent islands the same work of build
ing and sanitation has been prosecuted
as in Cuba and Porto Rio. in addition
to distilling plants for water and me
chanical devices for coaling ships, the
department has begun the installation of
a refrigerator plant at Manila with a ca
pacity of forty tons of ice a day and con
taining 1650 tons of perishable provisions*.
Material has been forwarded from the
United States for a bridge over th<^ Pasig
River, and the railroad has been re
paired and operated over such parts of
the line as are In the hands of the Ameri
can forces.
A total of 1214 bodies of soldiers and
others dyinsc abroad have been returned
to the United States from Cuba, Porto
Rico, the Philippines and Hawaii. Many
of them were returned to their friends at
the expense of the Government and the
remainder were Interred in national ceme
teries. This has been a labor of great
difficulty, but a large number of the re
mains have been identified and many
pieces of property belonging to the de
ceased have been recovered, marked and
returned lo friends and relatives, or .re
being held at present in the department
■waiting reclamation by those entitled to
them.
8 Three for a half,
AHi vvf llil Ca IlCtflA II
and the best' assortment of colors and combinations to I
select from. The plain colors are cadet blue, royal blue I
tan, brown and navy. ' I
Among the designs are tiger stripes, plain stripes
polka dots, fleur-de-lis, etc. • ' '
• If you are fond of colored hosiery this is a treat— «*«»
about it. ... Sfce
.<sE?!>c- _^r?\
I (^s-w.wooce co (sB\ I
\S2l^ na market st"
Out-of-town orders filled— write us for I
our new illustrated catalogue No. 2 ' §
j^M^- ELECTRIC BELTS.
il^^^^V^wTWH^*-'- I-arsest n"ianu°
KSj^ \\ I>v X V/Hr&jfacturers '" the Unl-
lOli States - No Quacks
,<• iU r~^_ '' * IC?" For particulars
"yt^f" 1 ca " or Bent l 2c in
*J\** stamps for "Booklet
No. 2." Address
■ PIERCE ELECTRIC C 0. ,; 620 Market St.
Opposite Palace Hotel, S. F. '"
DENOUNCES THE
TRANSVAAL WAR
Andrew Carnegie Favors
the Boers.
Disi ntoh to Tho Call.
NEW FORK, Nov. o.— Andrew Carnegie
and Mrs. Carnegie were passengers on the
Whit. - mship Oceania, which ar
rival to-day from Liverpool. Mr. Car
negie appears to be in good health. He
said to a reporter that the reports that ho
intended to become a citizen of Great
Britain were without foundation, for, he
said, "where a man's treasure is, there
his heart is also."
Speaking of the present war between
England and the Boers, Mr. Carnegie
said: "The war against the Boers is most
infamous and unjust and it is brought
about by P^ngland's hist for domain and
is on a par with our attack on the poor
Filipinos. These two attacks are a dis
grace to both branches of our race.
"The people in the Transvaal and the
Orange Free State have a right to rule
themselves. One war is an attack on an
existing and the other on an embryonic
republic, _
•'lt is worse for us to attack the Fili
pinos than for England to attack the
Boers, for we fail from a greater height,
as \v.- believed In government by consent
of the governed. The best men in Eng
land have spoken against the war in the
Transvaal and everywhere it is deplored
excepi by those whose Interests are
served by it. They are a small clique of
jingoes, beaded by a statesman, 1 am sor
ry t<i say. who set In the war a chance to
fortify his position."
Mr. Carnegie entertained decidedly opti
mistic views "f the business outlook and
the prosperity of the country. He said:
■■I ran only look at the business outlook
here fmm abroad, which Is sometimes a
g 1 point of view. Bui I believe that no
thing can stop 1900 from being a year of
great prosperity, always provided that in
view of •' excited state of the
world and the danger of war begetting
war. the United States keeps out of the
struggle. Now that this country has for
eign possessions there is more danger
than ever."
Mr. Carnegie declined to reply to a ques
tion as to whether it were true that the
syndicate headed by H. <"\ Frick had
failed to organise thi ' company
to purchase his steel -■■•' Iron properties.
MAKES ARBITRARY RULING
Chicago School Committee Acts in
Outrageous Manner.
CHICAGO, Nov. 9.— Superintendent of
Schools B. Benjamin Andrews, formerly
president of Brown Ui&voTmt&r-, was de
nied the right to speak before the school
management com -ittee of the Chicago
Board of Education to-day. He wa^ In
terrupted in the midst of an emphatic
protest against an action which the com
mittee was about to take. The committee
; refused to hear his , Its end and
i refused to grant him an opportunity to
explain, and then passed the measure
! aeainst his advice. _
The Superintendent's protest was drawn
! forth by an evident intention on the part
of the committee to grant six teachers
I tne certifli ementary school prln-
Icinals without examination.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
I S to A a^e A 4 mei ne. KHTQiIATXVE - VlGO *A-
ionic S?*the W U k a hrodls!a ° and Special
The Mexican n al^ Or ? an 3 of both sexes.
,823 Ma^^frfet.^i.Veu^^ ctt^ENGLAND WILL NOT
PERMIT INTERFERENCE
Premier Salisbury Makes One Slaniflcant
Statement While Speaking of He
South African War.
LONDON, Not. 9.— At the Guildhall I
banquet to-night the Marquis of
Salisbury, Lord Wolseley, Mr.
Ritchie. Lord George Hamilton,
Lord Halsbur>-, the Lord Chief Jus
tic*, the Duke of Marlborough and a few
minor diplomats were present. Mr. Cham
berlain was absent. Lord Salisbury and
Lord Wolseley were warmly cheered as
they passed from the reception In the li
brary into the banquet hall. The Lord
Mayor proposed the "Ministers" in a
•peech in which he vigorously denounced
'the Ignorant arrogance of the invader."
dwelling on the fact that Sir Alfred Mil
ner, in spite of herculean exertions, was
unable to "prevail with the overbearing.
corrupt oligarchy, therefore other of our
Champions have the business in hand."
During the course of the banquet Lord
Wolseley announced that orders had been
Given to mobilize another division for
Bouth Africa and that the Government
was quite prepared to mobilize a second
army corps.
Replying to the toast "The Army," pro
posed In warm terms by Alderman Tre
loar. Lord Wolseley said:
"Every day applications are received
from volunteers in all parts of the em
pire who wish to be sent to the front. I
am proud of the sailors, soldiers and vol- '
unteers, who are among you. We have
bard work before us, for our foe is brave
and it Is no mimic warfare in which we I
are engaged. When one reads of the work I
which our local forces in Natal have done !
In the past few weeks one must deem
Lh-em worthy of standing side by side with
the best regulars. We at present have
mobilized only one army corps, consisting
of 55,000 men, of whom 44,000 are already
on the way to the Cape. To-day orders ;
have been sent to mobilize another divi
■ion, and if called upon by the Minister to
knobilize another army corps we are quite
prepared to do so."
Lord Salisbury, rising at a quarter-past
D to reply to the Lord Mayor, was greeted
with intense enthusiasm, prolonged cheer
. ing and a general waving of handker- j
chiefs. . The Premier said:
"I have had to answer for many years ;
6imilar.kind receptions in this hall, but j
never before under conditions that justi- ,
fied me in appealing so confidently to your
sympathy and support as in the present |
grave state of public affairs. Before turn
ing to this s-oriuus point, my duty la to
Inform you that our situation in South J
Africa is the only part of our relations ;
■with other nations to which any term of
apprehension or doubt can be applied.
"For several years our relations with i
and cordial feelings toward our kinsmen
;on the otiier side of the Atlantic have
been constantly growing, and though '■
neither we interfere in the affairs of their
country, nor they interfere in the affairs
of ours, we feel we can always look for
sympathy and a fair hearing among those
who share with us so vast a mission for
the advancement of mankind.
"But perhaps you think I am sanguine j
in saying that on the continent of Europe
we have no hostility to fear. There is '
undoubtedly . a certain acerbity of tone
among the writers for the foreign press, j
but I Ho not believe that the trend of this '
opinion "affects the peoples of foreign na- ;
tions. I am quite certain it does not af
fect their Governments and I will say that
1 have noticed, as one of the cheering
symptoms of the present time, the happy
relations existing between the United
States and ourselves (cheers) and the
sympathy with which we watch their ap-
I'rn;u:h jo the same great problems that
we ourselves have had to solve. That is
not to say that I do not feel the greatest i
sympathy with their late antagonist, the
kingdom of Spain. We entertain the high
est hope that out of that war a blessing
in <H.'-sui?e will grow— an abundant
growth— civilization and culture in that
ancient md most interesting monarchy. '
"This morning you had intelligence of '.
an agreement between ourselves and one
of the groat continental States, with
which fur many years we have enter
tained relations of sympathy and friend
ship beyond others. Samoa is not in It
self a very important matter, but it was
Important because it constituted a subject
of difference between ourselves and a j
nation whose goodwill we prize very high
ly. I do not know entirely the reason why
the German people and Government at
tach so much importance to Upolu, but ;
they do and we are very glad to find the ;
means whereby, without in the least di- ,
minishing the rights and advantages of
England, we are able to gratify their j
views and sentiments. The agreement is
•somewhat complicated, but, roughly, It
may be said that the Germans had great !
interests in this island because they have j
invested large amounts in its cultivation
and because they have constructed a !
great commerce of which they are proud.
The islands, therefore, are of great value
to them. To us, on the other hand, isl
ands are generally only valuable when
they furnish good harbors. Upolu fur
nishes a very bad harbor. You will re
member the great hurricane when a Brit
ish man-of-war escaped and when Ger
man and American men-of-war were
driven ashore. Well, in these circum
stances, we were glad to accept a renun
ciation of the treaty claims and rights of
Germany of another inland, Tonga, where
there is an admirable harbor. We took
the harbor and Germany took the terri- ;
tory in which for many reasons the Ger- !
mans are Interested. I believe we have
arrived at a remarkable' phenomenon— an
agreement which Is agreeably pleasant
and advantageous to both powers, but
this is Interesting particularly because It
indicates that at the present moment our
. relations with the German people are all i
we could desire.
"The great subject that interests all of j
us undoubtedly Is this war, adorned with |
so many splendid teats of heroism and j
skill, but saddened by so many losses. 1
have great difficulty in dealing with the
war and, if I attempted to deal with th«
future 1 should be undertaking a task in i
prophecy from which the hardiest would i
ehrink. If I speak at all it may rather
be to deprecate criticisms and statements
which I think unfounded than to attempt
to pass Judgment on what still depends
upon the future for its full determination.
" "Respecting the feeling expressed twice i
or thrice that tho want of troops Is dua
to a want of action on the part of the
home government, I would point out that
there have been two or three voices. Two
or three months ago we were told by the
most authoritative voice outside the Gov- j
ernment that there was no occasion for j
military preparation* Since then we have
been blamed because there were no mili
tary preparations. But neither of these
'criticisms Is at all relevant to the events
which have been taking place. It has
been often said, especially abroad, that
we are a strong nation attacking a weak
one, but so long as the principal part of
our' forces is separated by an Interval of
live or six weeks from the field of action
It would rather be* true to say that we
are a weak nation fighting a strong na
tion. Elements of distance are very es
sential In this matter. \
"It would have been nothing to ( the
purpose for issuing proclamations for, the
reserves some weeks earlier. For what
was the cause of the war and what was
the cause of the ultimatum? It was not
LORD SALISBURY. THE
BRITISH PRHMIi:R,
"Whose utterances at the I.ori
Mayor's banquet on the Transvaa
question will engage the attentioi
of the world.
because of any demand w» had made.
Tt po happens at the moment the ulti
matum was issued we had withdrawn our
demands and there were no demands be
fore the Transvaal Government. I r was
because we had taken measures to in
crease the amount of our forces In South
Africa. But if that hn«l !•■ i few
months sooner exactly the same result
would have taken place. The moment
you had shown signs of raising your force
to an equality with the force of South
Africa, that moment the ultimatum would
have been Issued and war would have
begun.
"It is not, therefore, rlpht to say that
there was not adequate military prepa
aration. The evil dates farther back.
It dates to those unfortunate arrange
ments in ls^l and IS^4 by which we delib
erately permitted a community obviously
hostile to enjoy the unbounded, unlim
ited right of accumulating munitions of
! war against us. Year after year an ac
cumulation of munitions was male which
! could only be directed against us. Ham
pered by these arrangements It was im
possible that we should avoid the in
terval of trial and danger necessary to
. intervene between the moment when war
was declared and the moment when our
forces could accept the contest and ap
; pear upon the field.
"That interval has nearly passed. Our
troops are beginning to arrive. Foreign
' nations have, complimented us upon the
j raininess with which we have received
the intelligence of occasional checks.
Whatever strategy there might be, we are
well aware that the beginning of our con
flict with the Boers must be marked by
a retirement of our troops from positions
they are not strong enough to occupy.
It Is necessary that we should wait for
sufficient reinforcements. I do not at
tempt to forecast the future. I only say
i that my faith in the British soldier Is
unbounded, and I am deeply gratii
feel that he Is In the vigorous, sagacious
hands of Genera! Buller.
"Regarding the future T will only dep
rer-ate some very strange assertions that
T see occasionally in the Continental press.
Only the other day I saw it asserted
not by a chance writer, but by a man
who has been a member of the French
Government— that this war had for Its ob
jects the gratification of the lust of
greedy lords, who desired a partition
among themselves of the gold and dia
monds of the Transvaal. Now, I beg; to
assure this gentleman that her Majesty's
Cabinet have nut had a farthing from the
Transvaal or from any other H'<\r\ fields.
There is the Yukon, about which there
is no contest. If there bad been any
chance of our gaining advantages these
Yukon gold fields should have yielded
something; but I appeal to my friend,
Ty->rd Hamilton, to know if the Cabinet
ever had a farthing from her, (Laugh
ter.)
"I go further. England as a whole
would have had no advantage from the
possession of gold mines except as her
Government conferred the blessing of
good administration upon those engaged
in the industry. All industry breeds com
merce and all commerce has produced is
to the advantage of England, and all in
dustries and commerce flourish better un
der her Government than any other
regime in the world. But that is the limit
of our interest.
"What we desire is equal rights before
all men and all races and security fur
our fellow subjects and our empire. The
, hour for asking hy what means these
results can be obtained Is not yet come,
but these arc the objects and the only ob
jects we seek. We do not allow any other
consideration to cross our path. I tiave
seen it suggested -and It seems to me a
wild suggestion that the other powers
will interfere with this country and in
some form or other dictate to Lhose who
are concerned in It as to what Its upshot
had been. Don't let any man think it
is in that fashion the conflict will be con
cluded. We shall have to carry it
through ourselves, and the interference
of anybody else will have no effect upon
It. (Cheers.) In the first place, because
we would not accept that interference,
and In the second place because we ar»
convinced that there is no such idea in
the mind of any government in the world.
"Within my recollection Ihere have
been some five or six great wars, involv
ing in their close great territorial
modification, but, except as provided Tor
by treaties and except In the case of
treaties, in none of these wars !ms a
third party ventured to interfere be
tween the combatants, in none of these
wars has nny nation claimed a ri^lu to
demand what the issue of the contest or
Its terms should be. They have not
claimed That right because they cannot.
It is not in accordance with international
law that they should possess it. There
fore such dreams should he set aside.
"Wherever we are victorious we shall
consult the vast Interests committed to
our care. Vast duties lie upon us to
perform, find, taking council of the.uni
form traditions of our colonial Govern
ment and of the moderation and theequal
Justice to all races of men which it has
been our uniform practice to observe. I
do not doubt we shall so arrange that the
issue uf this content will confer good gov
ernment upon the area where It rages
and give the security sorely needed
against the recurrence of any such
dangers and the necessity of any future
exertion and for the restoration of peace
and civilization to that portion of the
world."
I,orrl Salisbury resumed his seat amid
a tremendous ovation.
-•■
PRESS COMMENT ON
SALISBURY'S SPEECH
LONDON, Nov. 10.— As waa anticipated,
Lord Salisbury In his speech at the Lord
Mayor's banquet last evening said prac
tically nothlne that would throw light on
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 10, 1899.
; the ultimate fate of the Boer republic.
. The speech was of the commenting rather
; than of the informing order. The pro
-1 Boer Daily Chronicle rather hastily Inter
prets his phrase, "We seek no gold, no
territory," as meaning that the national
rights of the republic will be respected In
the final settlement. It thinks his words
i "will fall with soothing effect on Dutch
men in South Africa," and even goes so
far as to say that if they had been
spoken sooner they would have prevented
! war altogether. "This is quite an iso
lated view. Every Cabinet Minister has
' made the same profession both before and
since the war began, and Lord Salisbury
distinctly disclaimed any idea of defining
the ultimate settlement. The Important
points in his speech, which attracted uni
versal attention and gratification, are his
references to the friendship of the United
States and Germany and his plain state
ment that there will be no European In
tervention. Such assertions coming from
Lord Salisbury will do much to restore
the confidence of the country."
The Daily News, dwelling at some
length upon" Lord Salisbury's reference to
' the. United States, says: "When we are
told to bow our heads in shame before the
' tirades of the Continental press we may
be excused for preferring the unbought
opinions of our colonial fellow subjects
and our American friends. Lord Salis
bury's remarks upon the 'vast mission'
we share with the United States may be
taken us an expression of his sympathy
! with the new task in which the United
States is engaged."
The Times says: "Lord Salisbury spoke
in a tone of gravity, which, far from In
dicating depression and still less dismay,
marks the frame of mind becoming cour
; ageous and thoughful men during a period
; of anxious suspense."
CONFEDERATES HONOR
MEMORY OF DAVIS
Monument Also Erected in Commem-
oration of the Daughter of the
Southern Leader.
RICHMOND. Va.. Nov. 9. — Memorials
tn Jefferson Davis and Miss Winnie Davis
were unveiled in Hollywood Cemetery to
day hy the United Daughters of the Con
federacy, now in convention here. Gen
eral Fitzhiißh Lee rode at the head of th.->
military procession to the cemetery. }\o
also Bpoke at the cemetery. Another
speaker was John H. Rpagan of Texas,
Postmaster General of the Confederate
States, and the only surviving member of
Jefferson Davis' Cabinet. One of the
monuments is a bronze statue of the
Confederate President. The other is a
marble fifftire of the Angel of Grief, the
hand extending a wreath she is about to
place on the grave. It Is over life size,
and the pedestal Is suitably Inscribed.
Both works are by Zolnay.
PARIS PRESS ON
SAMOAN AGREEMENT
PARTS. Nov. 10.— The more Important of
the Paris papers comment generally upon
the Anglo-German agreement regarding
Samoa In a moderate and cautious tone.
The Gaulois, while doubting that the
arrangement implies an understanding
relative to a general policy, says the
agreement under existing circumstances
is proof that he relations between the two
countries are improving.
The Figaro says: "Once more England
has maneuvered with superior skill In a
moment critical for her prestige."
The Echo de Paris says the agreement
"is a political event, the importance of
which will only appear little by little."
In the Kclair CamiHe Pellet an advises
France to prepare for a possible war with
England.
TROUBLE OVER TAXES.
Barcelona Tradesmen Close Shops as
Sig^n of Protest.
Pppclal Pa hie to The Call and the N>w York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1899, by James Gor
don Kennett.
BARCELONA. Nov. 9— General Despu-
Jol has ordered the closing of the estab
lishments whose owners refuse to pay
taxes. All other tradesmen have dosed
their shutters In sign of protest. Deputies
arriving from Madrid have been prevent
ed from visiting the tradesmen imprison
ed for non-payment of taxes.
CRUSHED BY AN ENGINE.
Three-Year-Old Child Fatally In-
jured at Los Angeles.
LOS ANGKIyES. Nov. 9.— The three
year-old daughter of H. G. Fuller of this
city was fatally injured by a locomotive
on the Southern Pacific track on Alameda
street this afternoon. The child was rid
ing on the handle bars of her father's
bicycle.. Fuller was riding the wheel be
tween the rails. He saw the locomotive
coming and attejnpted to get off the track,
but his wheel went Into a hole and threw
both the father and child off. The child
fell in front of the engine and her head
was crushed.
TO VISIT THE CZAR.
King Menelik Will Go to St. Peters
burg Next May.
ST. PETERSRT'RG, Nov. 9.— The Turk
ish and French consulates at Odessa have
been informed that King Menelm of
Abyssinia will arrive in May next and will
pay a visit to the Czar while on bis way
to the Paris Exposition of 1900.
Will Take Yon Buelow.
BERLIN. Nov. 9.— The L,okal Anzwleper
says that at the direct request of Queen
Victoria, Count Yon Puelow, the German
Foreign Minister, will accompany Em
peror William and the Empress to Eng
land, the date of the visit probably be
ing November I*.
New pictures, lamps, statuary and onyx
tables for fall trade at Sanborn & Vails.*
WHEELER IS INDORSED BY
PHILADELPHIA MERCHANTS
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 9, 1899.
William R. Wheeler, San Francisco, Cal.:
The Philadelphia Hardware Merchants' and
Manufacturers' Association has passed a
resolution indorsiug you for the Inter
state Commerce Commission.
• BRACE HAYDEN.
The most significant dispatch received in this city concerning the ap
pointment to fill the vacancy in the Interstate Commerce Commission since
the Pacific Coast Jobbers' and Manufacturers' Association selected William
R. Wheeler as Its candidate for the position came yesterday from Phila
delphia. That brought the i.ews that the Philadelphia Hardware Mer
chants' and Manufacturers' Association has Indorsed Mr. Wheeler. Tho
full significance of this indorsement is made apparent by the knowledge
that there are two Pennsylvania candidates for the place, one being Judge
Paxton.
A dispatch was also received yesterday from J. S. Goldsmith, dated at
Seattle, bringing the news that Mr. Wheeler had been indorsed by Con
gressmen Cushman and Jones of Washington and also by the Seattle
Chamber of Commerce,
TRAIN DELIBERATELY
WRECKED IN MICHIGAN
Ttiree Persons Are Seriously Injured and Ten
Others Are Suffering From Bruises and
the Severe Shaking Ud.
TOLEDO, Ohio, Nov. 9.— Michigan Central train No. 310, from Toledo to Detroit, was ditched by the spreading of raits
between Alexis and Vienna. Mich., about 8 o'clock to-night. Three persons were seriously injured. They were: John
McKay. Indianapolis: John O'Neill, Detroit, fireman; William Hamilton, engineer. Ten other persons were painfully
hurt and fifteen or twenty others badly shaken up.
William Hamilton, the engineer was thrown through the window of his cab and, though perhaps fatally injured,
he retained sufficient presence of mind, when he recovered from the shock, to hurry to his engine and draw the fire, thus
preventing an explosion.
The accident was the result of a deliberate piece of work by unknown train wreckers and happened at a point Just be
yond a short trestle. U here the rails spread It was found that the bolts that had held the fishplates had been unscrewed.
The nuts were lying on the ties and the threads of the bolts were not marred in any way. A couple of big wrenches, such as
section hands use. were found lying beside the track, indicating how the rails had been loosened.
The early reports of the wreck were nlarming. and the railroad company summoned every available physician from
Toledo and elsewhere. A special hospital train was ordered from Detroit and the injured will be taken there.
EASEMENT MAY
BE COMPLETED
Sacramento Chamber of
Commerce Takes
Action.
• Special IMspatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 9.— Ever since
the rendering of the Supreme Court de
cision which had the effect of abolishing
the office of Commissioner of. Public
Works, held by E. E. Leake of Wood
land, the taxpayers and business men
of Sacramento and Yolo counties have
been concerned over the preservation of
the easement constructed at Elkorn up
the Sacramento River by Commissioner
Lcake.
It is thought by some legal. authorities
that the money remaining in the original
legislative appropriation could lawfully
be applied to the completion of the ease
ment and jetties constructed on the Sac
ramento and SanJoaquin. The Sacramento
Chamber of Commerce has Interested the
Governor in the matter, and he, after a
visit to the easement, described It as a
splendid piece of work, and one which
would prove of great value to navigation
and the farming Interest*
As Indicating the public anxiety to have
the Elkhorn easement properly cared for,
the Board of Supervisors of Sacramento
county at yesterday afternoon's session,
unanimously adopted the following reso
lutions:
Whereas, The preservation of the rivers Is
of paramount Importance to the producing and
commercial Interests of the State, and whereas,
the harmonious relation that existed between
the United States Government engineers and
the State Commissioner of Public Works and
the auditing; board during the last two years
greatly expedited the work on river improve
ment,'and whereas, the improvements inaugu
rated by the Commissioner of Public Works
and prosecuted by the auditing board on the
Sacramento River have proved to be of great
benefit to the commercial Interests of the Sac
ramento Valley and to the land owners and
producers on either side of the river, and
whereas, the weir near Elkhorn and the jetty
at Xewtown shoals were somewhat Impaired .
by the htch waters 'of last winter and should
be repaired to prevent' further Injury to said
works if not their total destruction 'by the
hleh waters of this winter, and whereas, said
weir and jetties are the property of the State
and entitled to State, protection, therefore be it
Resolved by the Board of Supervisors of Sac
ramento County:
I— That we respectfully petition the Governor
of the State of California Immediately to order
such reoalrs made to the weir and jetties as
will Insure them from further damaee and
enable them to perform the work of river im
provement for which they were constructed.
2 — That the Governor .bo and he is hereby
petitioned to take such action as will In his
Judgment be best calculated to result In the
prompt resumption of work on the Sacramento
and San Joaquln rivers of the State of Calli
fornla. ;_£
DIPLOMATS DISCUSS
"OPEN DOOR" IN CHINA
State Department Visited by Russian,
French and Other Foreign
Representatives.
WASHINGTON. Nov. P.— The diplomatic
representatives of every nation directly
interested in the Chinese Question called
at the State Department to-day. Tt was
noticeable that the calls of the Russian
Embassador, Count Casslnl, and the
French charge d' Affaires, M. iThiebaut,
on Secretary Hay lasted longer than
usual, and the Chinese Minister. Mr. Wu,
extended his call to include Assistant Sec
retary Hill, who has been giving much at
tention to the subject of the trade rela
tions of the United States in the Orient.
The interest of the Chinese Government
in what is going on between the tni'-d
States and the European powers is In
tense, but it is believed that tiecretaiy
Hill has relieved the main apprehension,
which was founded upon a suspicion that
our Government, in the event that the
European powers failed to give the formal
assurance of the maintenance of the
"open door" that it seeks, would take
possession of a section of the Chinese
coast before it is nil taken up by other
powers. So confident are the officials of
Buccess that it is Intimated they have not
even gone to the length of framing a
policy to meet the event of defeat. No
answer has been returned by France to
our Inquiry as to a formal assurance Of
the retention of trade privileges. Tt Is
scarcely expected that the French stipu
lation will apply to Tonquin and the sec
tions of China that have been under
French influence for a long time past
but so apply to any extension of French
holdings.
Trouble With Chinese.
VACAVILLE, Nov. 9.- War is threat
ening agiin in Chinatown. Since the
shooting of a merchant named Capay
Tnm. Chinatown has been ablaze with
posters warning the Chinese that there
will be more shooting. This it is
thought, Is for the purpose of Intimidat
ing Chinese witnesses. Chinatown is now
patrolled nightly by officers and their
deputies, who fear an outbreak any
moment.
RIVAL TELEPHONE"
COMPANY INCORPORATES
Articles Are Filed in New Jersey and
the Capital Is Fixed at Thirty-
Millions.
TRENTON, N. J., Nov. 9.-Articles of
Incorporation were filed to-day of the
Telephone, Telegraph and Cable Company
of America, with an authorized capital of
$30,000,000. This company Is empowered to
do a general telephone and telegraph
business. The incorporators are: William
J. Latta and Martin Maloney of Philadel
phia and James E. Hayes of Camden,
N. J.
The articles were filed by Mr. Hayes
himself, who is an attorney for the
Whitney-Wildener-Elkins syndicate, and
it Is understood this syndicate is behind
the, company, which is organized to super
sede the Continental Company, incorpor
ate'l some months ago, and has for its
purpose the establishment of a telephone
system throughout the country In oppo
sition to the Bell Telephone Company.
LORD PAUNCEFOTE
REACHES NEW YORK
British Embassador to the United
States Declares That He Is Glad
to Get Back.
NEW YORK, Nov. 9.— Lord Pauncefote,
British Ambassador to the United States,
arrived here to-day on the Oceanic. He
declared he was glad to get back to this
country. "I have lived here for ten
years," he said, "and I feel that I am
quitt an American."
Asked if he was doing anything- to fur
ther the good feeling between this country
and England, he ropliefl: "Nothing; no
thing more than I have been doing for the
last ten years. I am a great believer in
the most friendly relations between our
Aiifdo-Saxons. Our interests are in many
respects the same."
Farmer Drowned.
NEVADA CITY, Nov. 9.— George Balch,
a prominent young farmer of Rough and
Ready Township, was drowned in Deor
Creek, near the Anthony House, last
night while attempting to ford a stream
which had become swollen by a violent
rainstorm. The body was recovered this
morning. Balch leaves a widow and
child. He was 30 years of age and a na
tive of this county.
How about an overcoat ||i» EM^^ B
$. now? Weather emphasizes JfW SI H
§ what we have been advising warn Kji $m
you to do for some time — IKi Bffl p
buy a new overcoat. flli . |||| fe
I When you buy an over- W wl 1
I coat buy a good one — buy a W i
I "Yeargood" overcoat. Prices fe
$12.^0 to $2^.00 and all cloths BJ
to select from of which overcoats are made. @
I "Yeargood" overcoats are guaranteed for El
|| a year by our agreement to keep them in repair Jm
Jg free for that length of time. ||
|S If you don't want to spend that much we ||
j have a line of « g
1 Cheviots fop $7.50, i
I Royal Kerseys for $10, m
j Which are great values for the money. Material ||
I is very heavy just the sort for winter wear. II
;. Coats are strongly made, good linings, silk §
sewings and other good features that go to ||
make the coats worthy of the prices. ||
1 Children's Top Coats i
I Made of covert material, a desirable shade, fly H
m front, two pockets, ages 4to 9 years, for ||
1 $4.50. I
■ : I Write for our new illustrated catalogue No. 2. 1
I UPpz) S.N.WO UP cCD (-.^pr) I
NjjJl^X 718 MARKET 5T >^Lo^
I Out-of-town orders filled — write us. ||
STATE TRIAL IN
FRENCH SENATE
Crowds About Luxem
bourg Palace.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS. Nov. 9.— Crowds began to as
semble in the vicinity of the Luxembourg
Palace about noon to-day In anticipation
of the opening of the state trial in the
Senate. The police formed a cordon
around the building. Traffic was almost
interrupted. The police prevented fac
tional gatherings around the leaders of
the anti-Semites, Nationalists and anar
chists who were present. There was a
slight incident in the appearance of Henry
Rochefort, who received an ovation amid
shouts of hostility for the members of
the High Court.
The fifteen men accused, who had been
convoyed to cells in the Senate House dur
ing the morning, were all conducted to
their places by Republican Guards.
When M. Fallieres, president of the
Senate, followed by law officers, took his
seat at 1 o'clock the names of the Sen
ators were called. Fifteen failed to an
swer. M. Fallieres then called the names
of the defendants and all replied in loud
ton< s.
M. Deroulede, replying to the usual
question as to his profession, said: "De
fender of the rights of the people "
An usher then read the long indictment,
to which the audience paid little attention.
The Senate adjourned the public hearing
until to-morrow, and deliberated behind
eloped doors on the question whether the
Senators who were absent at the. opening
of the sitting could be allowed to take
part in the future proceedings. It was
finally decided by a vote of ISO to 160 to
exclude the absent Senators.
During ihf session to-day the witnesses,
•who number 400, having created an up
roar, werp expelled in bunches of ten. The
spectators left the palace without any un
toward incident occurring.
New Yorker Goes Insane.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 9.— Frank Smith, whose
home Is in Brooklyn, N. V., where he has
a family, and who is said to have been a
drummer for a big- New York house, was
committed to Afpjrws Asylum here this
morning. He had driven wildly about the
valley last night, killing one horse and
ruining another. It appears that he was
not well and came here for a rest. He .a
totally deranged and claims to have mil
lions ami to be preparing to build a rail
road from San Francisco to Los An?ele3.
He has friends by marriage here, and
they pay ho left home with lI.VV). Tie has
no money now. Hf> is about 40 years old.
JUMPING NERVES
P) Tel] of cnmlnfr danger. Ner-
>*^~^v v 'is headaches, sleepless-
f A ness, loss of appetite, a feel-
[ . I in? of exhaustion, costfve-
V / ness, pain in back and wealc-
\. J ness, all Indicate that
■ *'mi^^ m- your nerves
\T^^~>^^JeWHß Hi^k Hudyan
Bt^ not had on 6
*^^^tepJ^r*vi nervous
headache
since I took
Hudyan. My
stomach Is good, bowels ar» regular. I feel
like a new being. H. A. QUARTZ, Fresno. Cal.
Mrs. Gibson says: Every woman who Is
weak and nervous should take Hudyan. I
know from my own experience it is the beat
medleine on earth. MRS. p. R. GIBSON, Haw.
thorne. Nov.
Mr. Rich says: I was run down in health,
nervous could not work, was miserable. Hud-
yan cured me. WALTER P. RICH, Paris,
Idaho.
Figs. 1—2 — — I—s1 — 5 show the weak points
when nerves are giving way". Hudyan cures.
HUDYAN— aII druggists— soc a package, sis
packages for $2 50. If your druggist does not
keep it send direct to the HUDYAN REMEDY
CO., corner Stockton, Ellis and Market streets,
Pan Francisco, Cal. .
CONSULT HUDYAN DOCTORS ABOUT
YOUR CASE— FREE OF CHARGE. CALL
OR WRITE.
iggrfSajSW^^ Ido not believe there
Mofy*i^i^^ js a case of dvspep-
iE^iilijS^^a. sia ' indigestion cr
!§k£7 Jt^wisL. en^ B to m trouble* '
ysSL Jxjrajjl that cannot be re-
«« /w»itMj'*^P lieved at once end
¥» «»w?* l &ss<jjfi' permanently cured
K. /m jrW my dyspepsia
\^"^S^V MUNTON.
At all drujTßists,
•i^Rj»|ito^^(j™fe^ 25c. a vial. Guide
- \m^*ig2%3®*og .to Health and mcdi-
J I V' cal advice free. 1505
1 ' » f Arch street, Phila.
At Auction.
TUESDAY, .
TUESDAY NOVEMBER 14, 1899,
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON.
At Our Salesroom, 633 Market Street.
CORNER RESIDENCE.
NTV. cor. (No. 142) Castro and Fifteenth sts.:
large, elegant modern residence of .11 rooms •
and bath and basement: lot 55x120.
SOUTH OP MARKET INVESTMENT.
Easterly side (Nos. 7. 7%, 11, 11%) Ms St.,
bet. Twelfth and Thirteenth, Folsom and Har-
rison: 4 flats of 4 and 5 rooms; rents $41 50; lot
48:5x73.
FTFTEENTH-ST. FLATS.
N. side (2176-7S) Fifteenth St., 105 E of No«:
2 well-built flats of "> and 6 rooms and bath
and basement; rent $30; lot KxllS.
MANUFACTURING SITE.
SE. cor. Mission and Fourteenth sts.'; 2-story
frame building and brick building (Ncs. ISOI to
ISO 7 Mission ft.); lot ICOxl7O.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
N. side (No. 1810) Pine st., 220 feet W. of
Gough; 2-story bay-windowed house of 11
rooms and bath; lot 3^x137:6.
WESTERN ADDITION BUSINESS LOT.
W. side of Fillmore st., 97 feet S. of Bush;
lot 25x100.
SHOTWELL-ST. FLATS.
W. side (Nos. 622-622%) Bhotwell St., 155 feet
N. of Twenty-first; 2 flats of 4 and 5 rooms
and bath; rents (30; lot "nx 122:6.
STANTAN-ST. LOTS.
N. side- Stanyan st., 75 feet N. of Sullivan:
60x107:6; N. Fide of Sullivan St., 107:6 W. of
Stanyan, 25x137:!.
FORECLOSURE SALE.
W. side (No. 134) Bartlett St.. ITO feet N. of
Twenty-third; cottage of 6 rooms and bath and
stable; rent $20; lot 40x125:6.
MISSION RESIDENCE.
W. fide (No. 2708) Howard Bt.. 70 feet S. of
Twenty-third; elegant residence of 10 rooms and
bath; lot 40x122
.;../ ARMY-ST. HOME.
S. side (No. 354.-.) Army st.. 95 feet E. of
Church: modern home of 7 rooms and bath;
rents $18 per month; lot 2T.x114. :
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
Auctioneers. CSS Market st.
ra-»v ft £^»S
j^^Pftt raoTOGßArnxo D£f S3 CXS3 JH D B lF^
£«••§ AS&t THE NEW
is* Day. fianu^aa, <I ft eg CDC M U
WW 10th D»y. «is* iL BllEloUnil
VITALIS 2OthD^ '*- ■>» RFMFDY
rBIIDUtS THE ABOTK 30th Day. 11 111 kl# I1 1
HKBri.TS. It quickly & sorely removes Nervousness. Losses, Evil
Drfaint.Wastinc Diseases A all effects of aelf -abuse or excesses *
indiscretions. Restores Lost Vitality, Power & Failing Memory.
Wards oil Insanity and Consumption. Cures when all others fail.
Insist on having VITALIS, no other. Can be earned in vest
pocket. By mail $1.00 per package or six for *5.00 with a
guarantee to Cur» or Refund the Hotter. Circular Free Addresi
CALUMET (IKE CO., 884 Dearborn St., Chiracs
. Sold in San Francisco and Oakland by the Owl Drug Co.
faiERCE'S
%Jr FAVORITE
M FOR WEAK WOWEM.
IA/. TV HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT-LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claua t>precfcel» Bid*;.
- . Telephone rown 981.
RMldene*. £21 California at., below Powell.
Sao Krauclfcca.
34
MORINEL IS
GAME BUT
UNLUCKY
Away Poorly, She Gave Dr.
Sheppard a Hard Rub.
Tanforan Events.
For a time during the pMBTCM of the
mile and a sixteenth run at Tanforan
Park yesterday the backers of the 1 to 5
favorite. Dr. Sheppard, felt very uneasy.
Away none too well, Mortnel, wfth 107
pounds and Morgan in the saddle, went
at the big horse, and at the paddock he
began climbing. The little mare about
this stage cracked, and the Doctor, groat
ly to the. relief of his admirers, won by
a couple of lengths, with Tommy Burns
trailing. El Estro from the Baldwin sta
ble was the only other starter.
The track was slower than on the pre
ceding: day and the mud larks were right
at home. Of the other favorites < himura
and Marcato earned brackets.
The Raclne-Mlnetta gelding was a warm
tip for the opening i ,-ear-old Bcram
bif.' After being played from 5 to 3 his
price again went to fi, and in a drive
Devin landed him winner over Burdock,
the favorite, by half a length. Giro had
a large following In the ring, but Burns
managed to get away from the post poor
ly, and ran unplaced.
To the splendid riding of Eddie Jones
was due the victory of the 10 to 1 shot
Campu in the sprint following. Getting
away from the barrier first, he hustled
the Kingston colt out in the lead, and
when challenged by Castake, with T.
"Walsh up, and Stromo ridden by Burns,
he rode a desperate finish, beating the
lirst named nurse a nose on the post.
Sorrow, the favorite, showed intermittent
bursts of speed, finally landing among the
also rans.
The mile and a sixteenth run was only
a gallop for Corrigan's Chimura, the post
favorite. There were only two other
Hart • ■ Roadrunner and Balista, the for
mer taking the place.
In the six furlong handicap, with but
tour starting, the Ryan pair, Marcato and
Afamada, rated prohibitive 1 to 8 favor
ites, coupled. Rio Chlco led Into the
stretch, where Marcato passed him, win
ning in a gallop. Afamada ran third.
The crowd unloaded on Tullamore, the
mount of Burns, to win the closing five
furlong: dash, and Votente struck the wire
two lengths before him. Tommy lost half
an acre of ground by a sweeping turn into
the straight for home, while J. Walsh, on
Potente. cut cross-lots, winning cleverly.
riamaway, a 50 to 1 chance, backed down
to S, ran into the show.
Track Notes.
The board of st> wards of the California
Jockey Club will meet this evening at 23
Kearny street.
The new form book Issued by the Dally
• • ■■ neatest things
icing: list is fur
nished evening of the
Indexi I entries, at the low
ents.
Amai was kicked In the stifle so badly
by Afamada while at the post at Tan
foran on Monday that Jack Crane fears i
:he fast little gelding is permanently |
:rippled.
I.in1 '.in Dennlson is reported to have dis
posed of several of the Daly string to a j
Burlingame turfman, which will form the j
nucleus of a new racing stable.
Herman Hoffman, the tft. Louis pen- j
Siler. makes the largest hook at the track. '
Colonel W. E. Applegate, it is said, is I
disappointed ii! the game here. The field \
docks are already losers to the extent of '.
(1500. Many think when the colonel bid |
(375 for the dollar books he purchased a
fold nek.
The train service to Tanforan Park was
rastly improved yesterday. The revised
schedule is .is follows: Local trains will
leave at I. 10:40 and 11:30 a. m. Special
race trains at 12:40, 12;."0 and 1:25 p. m.,
•^turning imm-diately aft* 5 !- the last race
md at 5 p. m. San Jose and way stations
lirive at San Bruno at 12:45 p. m. Leave
Ban Bruno at 4 and 4:45 p. m. Trains leave
Valencia street ten minutes later than
Third street.
To-Day's Entries.
First nee Five furlongs; two-^ear-olds:
200 Rio Shannon 113 <20S)Diomed 108
... Kitty Kelly 105 ... Sardine 105
... Mortgage ... 1051
Second race— One mile; three-year-olds and
apward:
272 Lodestar 112 273 Croker ss
[27. r ))Faversham 106!(290)Marcato 112
Third race— Four furlongs; maiden two-year
>l<Js: selling:
... Sam Dan'baum. .loo 218 Jolly Briton 100
... St. Agnes.... lf"V 256 Miss Sophie 100
... Tan.ka 100,
Fourth race— Seven furlongs; all ages:
27S !!<■■ iia W4, 27S Frank Jaubert. 104
;240)Ostler Joe 112 170 Rajiido M
Fifth race— One mile; three-year-olds and up
ward:
(2S4)Topman lllH273)Sllver Tone mo
[277)Meadowthorp<> ..!1> 2SI Coda 102
Sixth race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
jpward:
2»3 Silver State 102 2*7 Ear! Islington... los
2."6 Lomo in? 2,1 Magnus 10">
2W Kio Chico I''2 23? Hlcardo 102
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Sardine. Kitty Kelly, domed.
Second race— Faversham. Marcato, Croker. .
Third race-;-St. Agnes, Miss Sophie. Tanoka.
Fourth race— Ostler Joe, Frank Jaubert Re
►ll a.
Fifth race— Topmast, Mradowthorpe, Sliver
Tone.
Sixth race— Ch!co, R|-\ardo. Magnus.
EASY FOR McCOY.
The Kid Makes a Sorry Figure of
Jack McDonough.
BUFFALO, Not 9 Kid McCoy knoek
td out Jack McDonough of St Paul,
Hinn.. in the fourth round of what was to
lave been a twonty-round go at the Haw
thorne Club Annex to-night. The men
fought at catch weights. McCoy out
fought nnd outpointed McDonough at
•very stage. The St. Paul man was evl
lently afraid of his opponent ami did not
.-•■ mure a lead for the first three rounds,
p.-hlle the crowd shouted derisively, In
•.lie fourth round McCoy sent McDonough
io the floor with a left on the jaw and
igaln with a right on the same spot, fln
illy knocking him out with a left on the
Kind.
To keep the skin clean
is to wash the excretions
trcm it off; the skin takes
care of itself inside, if not
blocked outside.
To wash it often and
clean, without doing any
sort of violence to it, re-
quires a most gentle soap,
a soap with no free al-
kali in it.
Pears', the soap that
clears but not excoriates.
All sorts qf stores sell it, especially
druggists; all sorts of people use it.
Siecojxia 9Jfade in the Sporting 11/orld.
SHARP FIGHT
AT NEWPORT
RACE TRACK
Dan Murray, Race-Caller, Is
Seriously Injured by
Curley Brown.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
CINCINNATI, Nov. 9.— A bloody fight
ocenrred on the Vowport track this aftef
noon Just before the last race was run.
f>an Murray, tho well-known race caller
and formrbook rcan. was ruttaeked by
Curley Brown, fiormerly starter at the
tra.'k. and badly heatm up. The fight
took place in a room under the grand
s<:;tn<l and thr>r<"- are many Conflicting'
■ ■ about the trouble. It is> claimed
that Brown's brothers-in-law, who are as
irter Haltrnan at the present
meeting, were with Brown when he
Jumped "ii Murray. The trouble la the
result of an old grudge which sprung up
■ :i Murray and BrOWS on the ('aii
adian circuit lapr summer.
Murray's face was cut in several places
and he received also a deep gash on the
side of the head. Murray is in a serious
condition at his hotel in this city. Brown
left the track after the affair, but was
later taken Into custody and put under
bonds. The judges have suspended the
assistant starters and the case will come
up for hearing in the morning at the
Queen City track. Results:
Seven furlongs — Tom Galney won. Enghurst
sroond, Marlon Lynch third. Time, 1:30%.
Mile. Belling— Monk Wayman won, McCleary
second. ;..-,. Bruno third. Time. 1:42.
Five furlostgs, selling Miss Shanley won.
Lark.-. • second. My Butterfly third. Time,
1:01%.
Handicap, mile and an elghth—Kriss KMnide
won. Sir Kolla second, Great Land third. Time,
1:54%.
Mile and a quarter, selling — II won,
Colonel Cluke second, Loyalty third. Time,
2:09»i.
CHICAGO, Nov. 9.— Extravagant odds
were laid against the first three •winners
at Lakeside to-day. Wiggins being 20 to 1,
Tillie W IS to 1 and Ailanto 15 to 1. The
Lakeside Judges have reinstated th*> race
horse Harry Nutter. Weather clear;
track good. Results:
Five furlongs — Wiggins won, I>e Bride sec
ond, Dlg-gs third. Time, 1:02%.
One and a sixteenth miles— Tillie W won,
Little Singer second, Judge Steadman third.
Time, 1:51*4.
Five furlonja— Ailanto won. Bed Cross II
second. Mission third. Time. 1:02*4.
One and a sixteenth Catastrophe won,
Moroni second, Duke of Baden third. Time.
1:50%. '
Five and a half furlongrs— Moro«ißle won.
U rria Volmer second. Clara Wooley third.
Time, 1:10 V*.
One and three-eighths miles— Admetus won.
Rarnlet second. Monongah third, "lme, I:S6>4-
FITZ CHALLENGES JEFF
Posts a Forfeit and Is Eager to Bind
the Match.
NEW YORK. Nov. 9.— Martin Julian.
jer for Robert Fttzsimxnons, to-day
■ and issued a challenge to
James .1. Jeffries on lie-half of the ex
pion. In a statement accompanying
the challenge Julian announces tha
will leave his money up for two weeks,
and If by the end of that tlm*- it has not
covered by Jeffries and another
made he will "leave It to the puh
decide who i> afraid, and whether
the present champion is a weakling who
lefend Ms luckily acquired title."
When W. A. Brady, Jeffries' manager,
was shown Julian's statement and chal
lenge on behalf of Fitzsimmons he said:
"Ota let Flttalmmons and Sharkoy fight
and then I'U match Jeffries against the
winner."
Jeff Not Convicted.
NEW Y<>HK. Nov. B.— Jim Jeffries, the
iihter; his brother John,
manager of a music hall, who
arrested Monday nieht on a charge of vio
lating the Horton law regarding ooxing,
were discharged In the Police Court to
<3ay. Several wil I stifled thai the
. xhlbition given by Jeffries wa.- not at
all a bona fide boxing CO] I ■
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
TANFORAN PARK, Thursday, November 9, 1899.— Fifth day of
the Winter Meeting of the Western Turf Association. Weather cloudy.
Track muddy.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1899.
CORBETT AND JEFF
MATCHED TO FIGHT
Details of th>e CoQtest h|a ve Not Yet
Beer) Arranged, but the Prelim
iQaries Are Determined.
XEW YORK, Nov. 9.— As announced ex
clusively in The Call of last Saturday,
Jeffries will meet Corbett. The match
wiiH practically arranged at a meeting
between Corbett, Jeffries and Brady to
night. Corbett, who has been desirious of
lighting Jeffries ever since the boiler
maker defeated Fitzsimmons and won the
title of champion pugilist, personally
asked the conqueror of Flta and Sharkey
fof a match. On the advice of Brady
Jeffrie? accept f>d.
The date of the contest has not yet been
named, but it will probably bo decided
early in .Tune, and it will take par.- at
;oney Island Sporting Club. Corbett
LEASHMEN
GATHER AT
A BANQUET
Ingleside Coursing Club Men
Renew Friendships Made
on the Field.
The members of the Ingleslde Coursing
Club met around the banquet board last
night and pledged a renewal of friend
ships formed on the coursing field. Domi
' nick Shannon, president of the club, pre
sided as i astmaster, and held merry
court for some hours. Addresses, songs
and reminiscences of the coursing field
made the time the party was together
seem all too short. Among those in at
tendance were:
D. Shannon, William Halpin. George D. Col
lins George W. I*?e. W. P. Sweeney, Frank C.
Kenny P. J. Rellly. David Dillon. L. Ohmeyer.
T E. fclbson, J. McGrath. B. Baumeljter Dan
Toland. Lottla Roblnet. 3. J. Edmonds Mich
ael Connell. James Connell. 1. J. Mellugh
Harry Murray, Thomas Tierney^Charles C.
Morris. Albert Frank. Irving H. Frank Frank
Foley William J. Ryan. J. C. » Flood, J. '•
LinehatU M. H. Schfper. E. M. Kel logg. H. A.
Deckelman, \\'\ H. I^rd. Walter Oswald Kl
mer W E Thompson. F. C. Klein. \\ . 11.
Smith" J •'• Murray. 11. H. Burfeln.l. Rich
ard Julian D. S. Curran, G. •'■ McCormlck, J.
I Murphy F. J. Fulton, James Byrne* George
Lacombe and R. W. Taylor.
F-arlier in the evening the draw was
held for this week's special stake. A to
tal of sixty-four entries, many of them
of the champion class, was received, in
addition to the regular stake a consola
tion stake was added for the dogs beaten
!in the run-down. The prizes in the big
stake are: To the winner J2OO, runner-up
$100 two at $65 each, four at $35, eight at
$20 and sixteen at $10. In the consolation:
160 to the winner $30 to the runner-up, two
at $15 each four at $10 and eight at $d. Of
the original slxty'-four entries, all except
sixteen will receive some prize. The draw
resulted as follows:
Murphy & Toland's Tea Rose vs. Russell. Al
len & Wilson's Dairy Clalr: Curtis & Son's Nar
cissus v? 11. A Deckelman's Rocker; A. Van
den Burgh's American F.aple vs. D. Shannon's
Safeguard: J. Wren's Castle Island Boy vs. J.
Maher's Benlcla Boy: T. J. Cronin's Thornhill
vs T Logan's Miss Grizzle; Lowe & Thomp
son's Prince Hal vs. Handy & Smith's Jennie
Wilson' J. J. Edmonds" Morning Glory vt< Lowe
& Thompson's St. Oran; 11. A. Deckelman's
Lawrence vs. Russell, Allen & Wilson's Lady
Emma- II Lynch's Mystic Maid vs. Russell.
Allen & Wilson's Chicago Boy; I). Shannon's
übrette v« K. O'Kelff's Johnny F; Connell
Bros ' Log Boy vs. E. Baumeister's Warrior;
Sterl & Knowles' Sleety Mist vs. Curtis & Son's
Cash: E. M. Kellogg's Hummer vs. Handy &
Smith's Ida; W. Halpln's Dawn vs. J. Farley's
I Cash Day: E. M. Kellogg*! Kid McCoy vs. W.
C Glasson's Terrona; Curtis & Son's McKlnley
vs C Morris' Irma: D. Regan's Lady Kenny
vs T J. McHugh's Maid of the Mill: J. Dean's
looks remarkably well at present. Ho has
been exercising quietly every day for the
last year in a gymnasium and Is now a
stronger man than when he fought tlty
slmmons at Carson City more than two
years ago.
"Pompadour Jim" said to-night, after
Jeffries had agreed to fight, that the knew
Jeffrie?' style thoroughly, having sparred
with him while training for his battle
with Filzslmmons at Carson City.
"Jeffries is a big. strong fellow," said
the former champion, "but I am a much
more scientific boxer and believe that I
can jab him into a knockout state."
Jeffries said that he would whip Corbett
as he did Fltzslmmons and Sharkey.
Connemara vs. Connell Bros." Senorita: T. Gib
son's Empress vs. J. Byrnes" Eleven Spot;
Lowe & Thompson's Jesaamy vs. J. Byrnes
Nellie B; Connell Bros.' Mammy Pleasant vs.
D. Dillon Blackhawk; J. H. Perlgo's Bohe vs.
P. M. Clarkson's Greenhorn: Murphy & To
land's Twilight Jr. vs J. Byrnes 1 Battleship; L.
lloWnet's Merciful vs. E. M. Kellogg's Sweet
Emma; E. M. Kellogg 1 " lowa Maid vs. Curtis
Hi Son's Vulcan; Curtis & -inn's Flying Fox vs.
Lowe & Thompson's Patria; Sterl & Knowles'
riupty Gold vs. .'. Dean's Gladiator; K. w.
Taylor's Naughty Girl vs. P. Hanson's Long
Shot Conley; P. M. Clarkson's Modesty vs. J.
O'Dowd's Clifton Lass; J. Byrnes' Olympus vs.
George Burfeind's Pastime: T. J. Cronln's Wild
Tralee vs. T. Delurys Lily of the West; Frank
Foley's Moss Rose vs. E. M. Kellogg's lowa
Boy.
ANOTHER CHALLENGER
FOR AMERICA'S CUP
Alfred Harmsworth, Proprietor of the
London Daily Mail, Would
Like to Compete.
NEW YORK, Nov. 9. -A cable message
was received \p this city to-day saying
that Alfred Harmsworth, editor and pro
prietor of the London Daily Mail, Intended
to have a chalh nger prepared to race here
for the America's cup next summer. Mr.
Harmsworth has written a letter to Sir
Thomas Lipton to say that he would like
to have a chance at the great yachting
prize, and asking about Sir Thomas' In
tentions. In the letter he said that unless
wner of the Shamrock intended to
try again In 1900 he (Mr. Harmaworthj
would like to put in one.
Sir Thomas probably will not he pre
pared tor a race next season, owing to the
fact that he had offered his steam yacht
to the British Government to be used as
spital vessel in the Transvaal war.
Ho proposed to fit out the vessel for
these uses, and she consequently would
not be ready for attendance In America
unless the Boer war be terminated soon.
Sloan's Mounts Unplaced.
LONDON, Nov. 9.— At the second day's
3 ol the Liverpool autumn meeting
the Liverpool Nursery stakes were won
by Lumlej .Moor. Perdlcus, ridden by
Sloan, was unplaced. The betting was 7
to l against Perdicus.
ad( use. ridden by J. Keiff. won the
Stewards' plate. Rosey < > .More, wilil
Loates In the saddle, finished second. The
betting was 7 to 1 against Canadense.
1.. Reiff, on Remember Me. won the
Warbeck mile plate. Petersfleld, ridden
bj Sloan, was unplaced. The betting was
7 to 2 against Remember Me.
« ♦ •
New World's Bike Record.
CHICAGO, Nov.^ 9.— The quarter-mile
paced bicycle record was broken twice
-field Park to-day. Eddie McDuffle,
In th< ■ a stiff breeze, clipped 11-5
is from the record of yesterday,
making the new mark 20 1-5. A few min
utes later Major Taylor, the colored rider,
w.'ni the distance in 20 seconds Hat. Tay
lor chose the opposite side of the track to
that used by McDyfne and had the wind
ai his back the greater part of the dis
tance. Both men were paced by motors.
Ruhlin After Jeffries.
NKW Y(>KK, Nov. fc— Gua Kuhlln to
day posted $1000 for a fight with James J.
Jeffries.
Arrests Follow Fistic Fight.
OAKLAND, Nov. P.— The fistic en
counter between A. A. Moore Jr. and J.
Isaacs, father of Wattle Isaacs, complain
ing witness in the Permlen case In tne
Courthouse yesterday, has resulted in the
: of Moore to-day on a charge of
battery, preferred by Isaacs. Moore im
mediately retaliated by swearing out war
rants for the arrest or Isaacs and his son
on similar charges.
RAILROAD YARDS
ARE UNDER GUARD
Union Pacific Fears That Its Prop
erty at Denver May Be Wrecked
by Strikers.
DKN'VEH, Nov. 9.— A special to the
News from Cheytennei Wyo., says;
A force of forty men under command of
Union Pacific Detective T. JefT Carr is
patrolling the railroad yards to-night to
prevent &ny movement on the part of the
strikers to destroy property or intimidate
m< n still at work. The precaution is ap
parently needless, as the strikers afe very
Qulei and orderly. Beveral secret meet
ings were held this afternoon and to
nlght, but a definite conclusion was not
arrived at. If any work is sent from
Cheyenne to other points, it is said, a
demand will be made of labor unions to
call a general strike along the line. Some
of the leaders state that by to-morrow
niprht the men In the North Platte shops
will also have struck, but the statement
Is deemed exravajrant by those posted on
the situation at that and other points on
the line.
INDIAN KILLED BY
A SHEEP-HERDER
Trouble Is Feared and Troops Are
Being Hurried to the
Scene.
SAI-T LAKE. Nov. 9.— A special to the
Deseret News from Vernal, Utah, says
an Indian w;is shot and killed on the res
ervation yesterday at Red Deer's sheep
herd by Jim Objen, a herder.
The In. linn was trying to drive the
herder out and attacked him with fan
ax, whereupon the herder shot and killed
him. The herder was also shot through
the arm and w.is severely wounded.
About fifteen herders now on the reser
vation arc thought to be in great danger,
and the owners of sheep are hurrying to
the scene of th<- trouble, which is on the
! upper end of the reservation. Troops are
also on the way to the scena of the
trouble. Thr border who killed the Indian
Is in the guardhouse at the post.
LEASING GRAZING LANDS.
CHEYENNE, Wyn., Nov. 9.— Governor
Richards of this State issued a request to
the Governors of the arid States and Ter-
ritories to hold a meeting at Salt Lake
December 14 to formulate plans of legisla
tion to b* submitted to Congress looking
to leasing grazing lands In the West to
stockmen and ranchers, the rentals to be
devoted to building irrigation works for
tfi'- reclamation of lands susceptible of
cultivation.
HOBART BETTER.
PATF.nsONT, X. J., Nov. 9.— Vice Presi
dent Hobaii wns a little brighter to-day
than he has been since the beginning of
his Illness. He took some solid nourish
ment and was in good spirits. The Presi
dent sent his usual telegram asking for
Mr. Hobart's condition and a number of
other telegrams expressing sympathy and
best wishes were received.
GOOD BALL
PLAYED BY
OLYMPIANS
Initial Indoor Game Proved
Highly Interesting and
Exciting.
A shattered window and a broken chan- I
delier are .-vldences that a game of indoor j
baseball was played at the Olympic Club j
last night. If the "fans" who go to
Recreation Park twice a week had .seen
the opening game of the club they would
have weeped for joy. Such an exhibition
has rarely been seen on this coast. The
two teams played with a ball as large as
the ones Admiral Dewey used in his
memorable sea- fight, and the players '
Juggled it as if they were doing a turn, j
at a variety theater. There was also j
enough kicking at the umpire's decisions
to make that much abused official wish
he were elsewhere.
The initial game was arranged by Cap
tain James and proved highly amusing
and exciting to players and spectators
alike. Phil Wand and Arthur at. Stone
chose sides, and sixteen members, attired
In costumes of every shade and descrip
tion, were picked to play the game.
Wand's team was known as the "High- i
balls" and Stone's aggregation played !
under the euphonious title of "Lallapa
loosas" and succeeded in scoring
twenty-two runs to the "Highballs' " six
teen. Nine- innings were played in one
hour and fifteen minutes, but the time
would have been much less If George j
Knell, Official Scorer Joe Stapleton and ■
"Jack" Gleason had not disputed over
the umpire's decisions. "Handsome Kee
gan" Monohan outshone the electric
lights as a "twlrler." His arm gave out !
in the fifth Inning and he retired behind
the bat. Some spectators thought Mono
han could catch cold better than he could
a ball, unless it was handed to him on a
tray. Eddie Boyle was attired In a
beautiful creation, but no ladies were
present to view his costume. Charley
Derham caught everything that came his j
way and batted himself Into tho hearts :
of the spectators. C. Pray pitched for |
the "Highballs" and in nine innings neld ,
his opponents down to twelve hits, gave |
three bases on balls, and hit four batters,
and W. Haley knocked enough home
runs and two-baggers to make himself
and friends happy. The teams lined up
and scored as follows:
HIGHBALLS. LALLAPALOOSAS.
Runs. Runs.
C. Pray, p 1 Harry Monohan, p.. 2
D. Carroll, c 2 A. Vallesplno, c 0 1
Phil Wand, lb 4 H. Poxpy. lb 1 !
R. Pray, 2b 1 W. Haley, 2b 6
J. Phillips. 3b 2 A. M. Stone, 3b 3
H. Bostwick, s. b.... 2C. Derham, P. s 4
J. Johnson. If llEddie Boyle, If 2
W. King, r. 8. 8 3 A. Taylor, r. s. a 4,
Total runs 16' Total runs 22
Umpire— V. Levy,
ARRANGING FOR THE
COMING CONVENTION
San Francisco Members of California
State Association for Storage of
Flood Waters Hold Pre
liminary Meeting.
The San Francisco delegation to the
! convention to be held r>--xt week under
ill of the California State Association
fur the Storage of Flood Waters met last
evening at the Palace Hotel and made
preliminary arrangements for the conven
i tlon. It was decided that the convention
should be called to order at 10:30 a, m.
next Tuesday, and that Mayor Phelan
should deliver an address of welcome to
tho d< legates. The following committee
was named to arrange for the hall and
j other preliminaries: President Thomas,
; F. W. Dohrmann and T. C. Frledlander.
, A recommendation was also made that t (l e
rs of the convention should consist
j of a president, two vice presidents and
I two secretaries.
Incidentally the subject of the opposi
' tlon of the delegates from Southern Cali
fornia to the State plan was discussed,
and President Thomas made some re
' marks, lie said there were points in the
National Irrigation Associations plan
Upon which the advocates of the State
plan could agree. 11>- believeo that all
were agreed that it was advisable to get
from the Government all that the (Jovern
ment would give, hut he reiterated that
the Government has no ownership of the
water In a stream, nor does it own the
bed of the stream, and that all its right,
constitutionally, in the matter is to regu
late navigation between States and with
foreign countries; also that If the Gov
ernment were to construct storage reser
| volrs for the purpose of maintaining the
levels of rivers there could be no help for
i irrigatora from that Bource. The meeting
whs well attended. Chief Justice Beatty
presided.
The fact being recognized that there
will be many delegates at the convention
Who have not reached definite conclusions,
It will probably be advocated upon the
floor of the convention that a permanent
organization shall be formed. P. W.
Dohrmann is the choice of the San Fran
cisco delegation for temporary chairman
of the convention.
CHRISTIAN CHURCH FESTIVAL.
Tlie congregation of the First Christian
Church on Twelfth street has been en
joying a festival for the last two even
ings. There wns a concert Wednesday
evening and nnother lost night, followed
by a reception in the parlors of the
church. Both affairs were most enjoyable
and were well attended.
The festival closes to-night and the
piece de reslstnnce has been kept for that
occasion. It is a cantata entitled the
"King of the Land of Nod," and will be
participated in by the following:
King: of Land of Nod, D. H. Mauerhan;
Sandman and Jack o" Dreams (King's hench
men), Walter Beard and Loren Alexander;
Dream Prince, Frank Huilsi-uth; Dream Prin
c-i ■!->.. -Elsie Dunn; Lady Fortune, Francos Janu
ary; Mother Goose, Ethel Sturges; Queen of
Dollies, Clara January: Goblin i.'an and Must,
Hugh Forbes; Dream Goblin, Sam Nichols:
Standard-bearer, Lincoln Miller: Pages, Dana
Goodman and Harold Hnnna; Six Little Sleepy
Heads. Dream Sprites — Gardner, Nellie
Wolf. Florence KnKlebrigrht, Mary Lutz, Ethel
Taylor, Ada Klllott, Olive Miller, Fay Byrne,
Delia Ante. Father Kern.
Trist Whist Club Election.
The fifth annual election of the officers
of the Trist Duplicate Whist Club took
place In the rooms of the club, 711 Jones
street, last evening, and resulted in the
selection of the following: President, Z.
K. Myers; vice president, Mrs. A. B.
Woodward: second A'iee president, Mrs.
S. L. Strickland; secretary, Mrs. F. Fred
ericks; treasurer. James A. Taylor; direc
tors—P. J. Tormey, C. 11. Howard, E.
Saunders, Mrs. J. IX Center, Mrs. W. L,.
Kelley and T. L. de Long.
The treasurer's report was received and
showed the club in first class financial
condition, with a very handsome balance
in the treasury. Next Saturday evening
the ladies' annex of the club, under the
direction of Mrs. M. E. Guptlll and Mrs.
Z K. Myers, will give their semi-annual
"at home." Whist prizes will be given to
the winners of the contests, after which
refreshments will be served. As the club
rooms are limited to twenty-five tallies.
special invitations have been sent out. and
admission will be by card only, excepting
to members.
Hitch in the Welburn Trial.
United States Attorney Coombs was
informed yesterday that W. 1,. Zoller, one
of the principal witnesses for the Gov
ernment in the prosecution of 0. M. Wel
burn, ex-Tnterna! Revenue Collector, was
In Acapuko. and therefore could not he
available for the third trial of Mr. Wel
burn, which will begin next Monday
This news has disqulted the prosecution
and on Monday Mr. Coombs will ask per
mission to read 'the testimony of Mr.
Zoller as given on the first and second
trials. If the defense refuses _r> allow
him to do fo, he will ask for a postpone
ment of the trial.
Ruby Raymond Jury Disagreed.
The Jury in the case of Ruby Raymond.
charged with enticing young' girls from
home, disagreed last night and was dis
charged by Judge Lawlor. After being
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Ninety Cents.
If these were 90-cent hats in quality as well as price there
would be an excuse for your not wanting one, but since the
quality is $1.50 and the price 90 cents you can purchase one
and know that you have a good hat for your money.
Derbys— colors— black and brown.
Fedoras— colors— black, pearl, brown and tan.
Violets— colors— same as Fedoras.
Golf Caps.
Boys' golf caps in fancy colors and
(fj|)S.N.WOOP 8 CO (jj^)
VgjjgS/ 718 MARKET 51 ' N^o^
Qut-of-town orders filled— write us for
our new illustrated catalogue No. 2.
out for many hours the jury returned to
the courtroom at 11:16 p. m. and asked the
Judge to read a portion of the evidence
and a part of his charge relating to the
girl's age. The jury then retired and
shortly after midnight informed the court
that it could not agree upon a verdict,
and the members were dismissed.
SALOON-KEEPER MAY
HAVE KILLED WIFE
Sergeant Brophy of the harbor police
reported the death of Mrs. Alexander R.
Anderson to the Morgue. It is suspected
that the woman came to her death from
injuries received at the hands of her hus
band, and the police have caused the ar
rest of the latter.
Mrs. Anderson, the wife of a saloon
keeper at 23 East street, died, at her home
Wednesday afternoon. Dr. Plymire, who
had attended her for five days previous to
death, signed a certificate that death was
the result of pneumonia. The boriy was
sent to an undertaker's parlors and em
balmed.
Yesterday Three persons— Annie L-arsen,
who resides at the Clay-street House;
Louis Strandberg of 4 Washington street
and Chnrles Hawes of 9 Clay street— gave
the police information that Anderson had
beaten the woman In his saloon on No
• mi" r ». They claim to have witnessed
the affair, and say that the Injuries re
ceived by Mrs. Anderson caused her to
take to her bed on the following day.
Last night Dr. 2ifibala could not perform
an autopsy, owing to the fact that the
bod) lia.l been embalmed. No marks of
violence, however were visible. Anderson
was arrested and taken to the Central
Station, where he will be held pending the
result (if the inquest, which will be held
this morning.
COURTED DEATH ON
FOUR OCCASIONS
Harry Cronin, a tailor residing at 22."
Linden avenue, committed suicide yester
day by drinking carbolic acid. Despond
ency after a prolonged spree caused Cro
nin's act.
According to the statement of Mrs. Cro
nin her husband has attempted to take
his own life on three previous occasions
by drinking laudanum. Each time his
life was paved by the prompt action of
the family physician. For the past few
days Cronin had been intoxicated and
yesterday morning retired to his room,
where he was found dead a few hours
afterward. As in the last case the cause
of Cronin's previous attempts to take his
life was drunkenness. Cronin was 41
years of age. His body was taken to the
Morgue.
MYSTERY SURROUNDS
DEATH OF A LABORER
George Schendel, a laborer, who wa<;
taken to the City and County Hospital on
October 21, suffering from several con
tusions on the head and a fractured arm,
died at that institution yesterday.
Some mystery surrounds the cause of
the man's death owing to contradictory
statements .he made after reaching the
hospital. T'pon being received for treat
ment Schendel stated that a barber named
Foss had assaulted him on Hyde street.
His dying statement varied from this.
Inasmuch as it contained the Information
that he had received his injuries by fall-
Ing downstairs in a house at 036 Commer
cial street. The body was taken to the
Morgue, and the police will make an In
vestigation.
HAD A MUSICAL "JAG."
C. Seitz, a Kansas Soldier, Charged
With Embezzling a Mandolin,
Is Discharged.
C. Seitz. formerly a member of the Hos
pital Corps. Twentieth Kansas Regiment,
appeared before Judge Mngan yesterday
on a charge of misdemeanor embezzle
ment. He was accused of borrowing a
mandolin from his landlady. Mrs. Kate
Greene, 15.12 Polk street, and' pawning it.
Seitz explained to the Judge that lie
borrowed the mandolin to play at a party,
ainl he was treated so well for his ma
nipulation of the Instrument that he got
drunk and must have pawned it while in
that condition. He promised to redeem
it. and as Mrs. Greene refused to prose
cute, the case was dismissed.
School Over a Saloon.
Mr. Hackett, the president of the Noe
Valley Improvement Club, has notified
the Hoard of Education that the public
school at the corner of Castro and Twen
ty-sixth streets is located over a saloon.
The flooring between the school and the
saloon is so thin and badly constructed
that the children can easily hear what is
being said underneath them.
The building whore the school is located
is one of the many makeshifts provided
by the "Sammy" Waller board of bad
odor. Relief has been promised as soon
as the present board can find a suitable
building for the children.
Town Burned Down.
SPRINGFIELD, Ohio. Nov. 9.— The
town of New Carlisle, about twelve miles
from this city, was practically wiped out
by fire to-day, the loss affecting fu!lv
thirty people and aggregating about $30 -
000. *The Springfield Fire Department ar
rived too late to be of. service.
SPECIAL AGENT LANE
TALKS WITH THOMAS
HE WILL CONTINUE TO DEMAND
DAMAGES.
Lane Says if People Mistake Him for
a Revenue Officer It Is Not
His Fault.
Freeman P. Lane, who says that he is
the agent of tneWine and Spirits Traders'
Society, called yesterday morning upon
Internal Revenue Agents Thomas and
Towne to explain why he had been visit
ing liquor establishments in this city and
demanding damages in the name *)f the
society from dealers whom he found sell
ing liquors and cordials of domestic make
under imitated labels of the society. Ho
was accompanied by T. G. Jenkins, at one
time a reporter on the Chronicle. Mr.
Jenkins emphatically denied the. .
ment of Julius Levy, made to the revenue
agents on the preceding day, that he bad
exhibited a badge purporting to be a
badge of a revenue officer, and td prove
liis assertion Mr. Jenkins drew aside his
coat lapel and showed that he then wore
no badge at all.
Agent Thomas notified Lane that if he
represented himself to be a -Federal offi
cer In any capacity he, Thomas; would
arrest and vigorously prosecute him.
Lane replied with a quiet smile that'll* 1
was a lawyer and knew how to take care
of himself. He insisted that he was a
special agent of the Wine and Spirits
Traders' Society and that If his victims
thought that he was a special agent of
the Treasury that was. not his fault. He
announced that Mr. Jenkins w-as his as
sistant and that Bert Schlesinger was the
attorney of the society.
Three Elections.
The following elections in the ..order of
the Eastern Star have taken place:
! Golden Gate Chapter— Ella Bradley, mat
ron: Florin L. Jones, patron: Maude Ter
-1 willinjror, associate matron; Mary A.
Hawley, secretary: "William A; .Pease,
: treasurer: Minnie Jennelink, conductress;
Frances Tower, associate conductress.
King Solomon's Chapter— Mrs. A. M.
Blade, matron: A. M. Blade, patron; An
nette Wood, associate matron; Miss Alma
! Bottomley, secretary: Louise Wetzler,
; treasurer: Mrs. Harry Baehr, Conduc
tress; Miss Sophie Athearn, associate con
ductress.
Harmony Chapter— Mrs. Emma Carter,
; matron: J. C. Kimball. patron; Mrs. John
Tonningsen, associate matron; Eva M.
■ Hare. s#cretary, and Mrs. Isadore Morton,
j treasurer.
Searching for His Brother.
Thomas Gannon, a young man who ar
rived from SL Louis Tuesday, applied at
police headquarters yesterday for assist
ance in finding his brother Georpre. a
stonecutter. 28 years of age. George was
last heard of in Oakland last March.
Thomas is penniless and will be I
after by the police till his brother can be
heard from.
Dependable Dru
A Dependable
Store
A thoughtful buyer soon dis-
tinguishes the truth from its in-
numerable counterfeits.
The test of time has proven
this to be a dependable store.
Angier's Petrolium Emulsion 40c
Scott's Emulsion 4OC
William's Pink Pills l ee
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets 40c
Pond? Extract *--
Pond's Extract J^
Chamberlain's Cough Syrup 20c
Pinkham's Compound ' 75c
Aver's Sarsaparilla 7 C
Hood's Sarsaparilla 75c
Cascarets loc 2OC 4OC
Paine's Celery Compound 75c
Free delivery to railroad points within
100 miles on orders of $5 or up.
T_V§± 1128 MARKET ST
GEi[ZH*2^> SAN FRANCISCO
10th and BROADWAY, Oaklan*GOLD HUNTERS
HOME FROM THE
FROZEN NORTH
Homer Arrives From
Cape Nome.
WEATHER DELAYS VESSELS
A SOUTHEASTER IS RAGING
ALONG THE COAST.
German Gunboat Geier and Steamer
China Sail— Rush of Freight to
Hawaii — The Pathan's
Lascar Crew.
The Alaska Exploration Company's !
ptraraer Homer arrived yesterday from j
Cape Nome, via Dutch Harbor, with
tighty-one cabin and ninety steerage
passengers' There was not a great
amount of treasure on the vessel,
about $200,000 worth of dust being In the
vessel's safe for the company and the
passengers having about $30,000 more
among them. The richest man on the
steamer was R. B. Dawson, a saloon
keeper. He started In business in a small
way and sold out just before the Homer
Balled for $30,030.
W. W. Hatch, who went to Nome In
June. LS9B, says of the conditions up there:
"The prospects at Nome this winter are ,
very poor. Hundreds of men are afflicted
with typhoid, and the death rate Is about
two or three a day. After the Cleveland !
and Albion leave there will be about 2000
people left to pass the winter at Nome.
Provisions are scarce, owl] to the wreck *
of the steamer Laurada. The vessel car
ried supplies for the soldiers, and when
they were lost the army people bought
a large amount of provisions at Nome.
Flour is now ■;> a sack, potatoes $12 a
crate, while meais cost all the way from
$150 to $2 50. Fuel is also scarce."
Three of the Homer's passengers were :
left at Dutch Harbor suffering from ty
phoid lever. When the steamer left Nome
the Cleveland and Albion were there and
expected to sail for San Francisco in
about a week. The Homer left the steam
'whalers William Baylies and Alexander
at Dutch Harbor.
Jt is blowing a southeast gale outside
and in conscijuence all the vessels bound
south are having a hard time of it. The
N'>rth Fork was "3 hours coming from
Eureka and the Umatilla SO hours from
Victoria, B. C, while the Arcata and
South Portland from Coos Bay and Sa
moa from Eureka are away behind time.
The North Fork usually makes the run i
In 2-J and the Umatilla in 60 hours, so it
can be imagined what kind of a gale they
had to encounter.
There is still no news from the bark
Ferris S. Thompson and schooner Ameri
can Girl. They left here in a howling
northwester on October 8 for Puget Sound
and the chances are both stood off shore.
Then the wind chopped around to the
southeast and has been blowing strong
from that quarter ever since. The
chances are that both bark and schooner
have been driven away past the straits
of Fuca and have been unable to beat
back.
The man gunboat Geier. that has i
been in this port for some weeks, Balled !
for her station on the South Pacific yes- !
U-rday. She will call at all the Central I
American ports on the way south, but
her headquarters will be at Valparaiso I
for the next year to come. The Geier
received a full complement of officers
from Germany while in port. The old
officers who came here from South Amer- ;
ica on the vessel went home overland.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamer '
China sailed for the Orient yesterday.
She carried 115 cabin passengers nd aI '
crowd of Chinese that filled the steerage
to overflowing. Every inch of space, in <
the holds was taken up with freight,
The Oceanic Company's Australia can- '
not begin to carry all the freight otter
ing for Honolulu. The vessel does not '
sail until Wednesday next, yet last night
there was a string of wagons from Pa- '
eitic street to the Chief. Wharfinger's
cflice, all waiting a chance to get a load i
of goods r.n the wharf. Most of the stuff
is Christmas goods, and the rush to get
It away !s making- be hair of the frelgnt .
clerks on the wharf turn gray.
The steamer Humboldt, which arrived
from Puget Sound Wednesday afternoon,
i? going to Aritioch In a few days to lie
up fir the. winter. While up there she
will be overhauled and painted. During
her stay of ten months on the Seattie-
Skaguay run tho Humboldt proved her- j
ei-if to.be one. of the fastest and best- i
IHted vessels in the business, and In con- I
Fequence was a pronounced favorite with
the traveling public.
Two of the doctors at the Harbor Hos- ■
pital— Drs. Morrison and . Cherry— are on
the. sick list, and in consequence Drs. ,
Hobinson' and Holmes have been com
pelled to work night and day. } esterday
.they had to handle fourteen cases, in- :
eluding two amputations. There was no !
grumbling, however, and the two doctors,
who aro standing double watches, took
the- extra work as a matter of course.
Captain Butler of the Britisn tramp
steamer Pathan Is still having trouble
with his Lascar crew. Sixteen of them |
have made their escape, but two of them
returned f.fter a night of shore liberty. i
The others will be hunted.up and arrested
and taken .to Hongkong, at which port
this' captain will be glad to get rid of
them. .
The Santa Fe cargo steamer Carlisle
.City arrived from the Orient via San
Diego last night. She was detained at
the latter port through having lei Hono
lulu without a bill of health. The matter
was straightened out, however, and she
came oh to this port.
There was pome difficulty in docking '
the • British ship Metropolis at Union
street yesterday. It took three tugs to
gpt. h<^r over the bar that has silted up
fit :thp entrance of the slip. Then there
Was no trouble in getting her to her
berth. -
•■•V>ji»er». .but not Inebriates," makes life hap-
p'.et-' and better by Its beneficent effects on
fo'ly anC mind. Made by the Anheuser-Buech
Brewing' Ads' n. ' ■:-■' >■-.■'
FATHER YORKE WELCOMED
BY HIS COLLEAGUES
RECEPTION IN SACRED HEART
. . COLLEGE.
The Returned Priest Is Toasted at a
Brilliant Bmquet — Responds
Feelingly to Words of
Praise.
It was moot that the first reception to
be-tendered to Rev. Father Yorkc should
be given to him by his colleagues in the
Catholic church and the banquet given in
his honor last night by the pastors and
p.<*is!ant pastors of the churches In the
State in the Assembly Hall of Sacred
Heart College! was a splendid success.
Kvery* parish church In this city and a
number; in the interior ■..,-. represented,
and the distinguished clergyman who has
done ?o much in the interest of the faith
of which he is a powerful exponent was
. toasted and welcomed In a manner that
must 'have done his heart good.
The committee of arrangements which
d-id all- in Its power to make the affair the
success that it was consisted of Rev. Fa-
thers J. M. Melvin, chairman; C. E.
O'Neill, secretary; H. Charles, W. Lyons
r,f St. Peter's, P. Heslin of St. Patrick's
P. Griffin of St. James, and J. J. Cranwell
of St. Mary's College, Oakland. Father
Heslin presided at the feast, which was
prepared by one of the most competent
caterers In the city, and during the dis-
cussion of the elaborate menu there were
speeches of sincere welcome to the hon-
ored guest.
•The first speaker was Father .Patrick
M. Ivin, who said that the best wishes of
every one had been with Father York-
through' all the stages of his long Journey
and now that he had once more returned
to the scene of his former labors the beat
SHIP ALEXANDER GIBSON OFF CAPE HORN.
FOR months past American and British ships have been having a terrible time of It rounding the Horn. Only a few
days ago dispatches came from London saying that two had been forced into Stanley and two more to put back to
Montevideo and Rio through stress of weather. Nevertheless, the Gibson made the run from 50 degrees in the Atlan
tic to 60 In the Pac ttc in ten days, and all Ball was carried duiing the trip.
Tliis is Captain Holmes' eightieth voyage around the Horn and on no occasion has he ever been longer than twenty
five days. On that occasion he was master of the clipper ship Haze and the delay was due to the breaking of the truss
foreyard. i; took a fortnight to mend the break so that sail could be carried on the yard. The quickest passage
aroupd the Horn made by Captain Holmes was in the Seminole. The run from 50 to 50 was made on that occasion in
nine days.
tain Holmes made his first visit to San Francisco In lS.'.p and has come here every year since except on two occa
sions. When he made his ound the Cape the natives were all cannibals. Now there are two missionary
and relief stations and the na..- that they render ready assistance to shipwrecked men.
The above picture shows thi Gibson oft' Diego Ramirez Islands, whichare Just south of the Horn. The nrlncipal island
Is higher than the South Farallon. yet Captain Holmes .-ays the waves will roll up one side, over the saddle back and
down the other side of the island.
s for his future success in his chos
en field wen
■\v-- very much fear," said Father Mel
vin, addressing himself to Father y/orke.
g . j i v w eni away for rest
and recreation you returned to your
old habits of activity judging from the ac
hear of your archaeologic
n the Eternal City and \,,ur ed
ucational wrk In Ireland. "
Vicar >;. neral Prend< rgast in a facetious
; Father Yorke In a
Ing manner, and was followed by Rev.
Father Scanlan, who sang in Inimil
style "Tho Men of '9B" and "What Do V<>u
SPLENDID EXHIBITION OF
NEEDLEWORK AND LACES
THE Loan Exhibition and pale of npo,l]owork and
laces now in progress in the maple room of the
Palace Hotel Is attracting considerable attention.
A large crowd was present both yesterday after
noon and evening and there Is much merit yi the unique
collection of beautiful tapestries and antique speci
mens of laces. The proceeds will be devoted to the
humane work of the Associated Charities, and In addi
tion to this the exhibition is a means of aiding women
who make lace and artistic needlework to dispose of
their productions.
The lady patronesses arr>, Mrs. Joseph A. Donohoe,
Mrs. Austin Tubbs. Mrs. Hall McAllister, Mrs. Beverly
MacMonagle, Mrs. 'William H. Taylor and Mrs. Robert J.
' ly to insure the suc
cess of the exhibition with a clew to promote the lace
Industry In this Suite, and to excite Interest In the deli
cate handiwork so universally admired.
The west parlor has been assigned as a Halesroom.
fitted iij' with tables and cases where purchases of fancy
w.rk may be made at reasonable figures. In the east
parlor will be found Borne Btr iking specimens of embroid
ery, tapestries and lace, collected from all parts of the
■world by lovers' of the antique, all of which will well
repay a visit. Among the articles found in the loan
'J'hink of That?" after which he referred
to the stronK. defense that Father STorke
had made in the flghi against religious In
tolerance. The other speakers were Fa ther
Burns of Nevada City, who entertained I
the guests with Clever imitations; Fath'-r
Otis, who referred to the wondrous ability \
all occasions by Fl
Yorke; Father Renahan, who welcomed
the returned priest on behalf of the I'al
ian members of the church; Father
H.iif'" 1 ' of the theological seminary nt
Menlo Park, who characterized l
Yorke as the champion of Catholic Inter
ests In California. The following quota
tion from Shakespeare was found so ap- :
propriate that It met with jrreat applause:
Now la the winter of our discontent
Made piorlous summer by the son uf York.
Brother Erminold said a few words on
behalf of t he Christian Brothers, ;i::'! re
marked that if the Catholic heart of Ban
Francisco could be exhibited at t"<? gath
ering the name of Father Yorke would be
exhibited In glowing letters.
Father Yorke responded in feelinß terms
to all the Kood thlnps that had been snld
about him and expressed himself as being
well pleased to be once more with h!s
friends, and of his earnest determination
to take' up his work again in the cauae of
The following is the complete list of the
clergymen present:
V.tv Key J. J. Prenderg-ast, Revs. J. A.
Mcl>..iiald J. nor^r!", P. S. Casey. P. N.
Lynch H. l^aßan, P. V. Brady, T. McSweeney,
J F Nueent J. M. Caesln, B. J. McKlnnon,
J Brennan, M. J. Whyte, M. D. Connelly. J.
J Gannon. M. P. Bcanlon, J. F. Cleary, J.
Power J M<il'T, William O Grady. J. Cooper,
W O CMahoney, J- ■"• Byrne »!. McNam&ra,
ul O^ortaa, iv O'CwmeU; C. D. Hocue, B.
r uriffin; M. OtU, C. S. P.; J. 8. Butler,
m" KcniHßiiy. P. Hennessey, I. J. yuinn. J.
i-iij J J CantweH. P. •'■ Collopy. r>. Lane.
M Mackey,' J. A. McAulifrr. J. Melvin J T.
E»an P O'Ryan, T. J. O'Connell. J. Cull.n.
P Byrne; D. C. Redahan, S. S. S.; Brother
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1899.
r Ermlnold. brother Florlnus,
Brother Walter. M. J. Ryan, L. Ryan. p. j.
Keane, M. Hartnett, J. Sullivan. J. Crnnt. T.
.1 H ran. P. J. Stokes. J.
Cull. !■ McHugh, J. Comerford,
M. J. Giles, F. H. Morrison, D McKlnnon. J.
Cranwell. W. Lyons. C. E. O'Neill.
Reception to Father Yorke
On Monday evening next Rev. Peter C.
F/orke Will be tendered a public reception
in Metropolitan Temple by the Catholic
Truth Society. An address of welcome
will be delivered by E. P. Murphy, the
room are valuable cloth of gold vestments, belonging to
St. Mary's Cathedral, as well as the vestments of the
Greek Church, loaned by Bishop Tikhon. The crown was
presented to the Bishop by Czar Nicholas 111. An ex
qul.site piece of work is an embroidered dress of drawn
work done in pineapple cloth, made in Spain, seventy-five
years ago. A coat made In China in IS4I and brought to
this city on the ship Heber, in 1849, is an object of inter
est, as well as the "Forll Embroideries" made for the
Marquis Alblcini by twenty-five famous embroiderers,
who began their work in 1659 and finished it in 1705. A
tapestry woven In the Royal Atelier at Aubusson, France,
by Claude Joseph Vernet, in the eighteenth century, is
remarkable because It is probably the only one' treating
of marine scenes in existence.
Other exhibits Include an immense piece of embroidery
made 1 for the imperial family of China; four handsome
tapestries belonging to Mrs. Hearst; a piece of work on
pilk entitled "The Creation," made in the thirteenth cen
tury and loaned by Mrs. C. C. Caswell; some rare an
tique lace loaned by Mrs. K. S. Howard of Oakland.
A refreshment room has been fitted up and during the
afternoon tea will be served by Miss Taylor. Miss Boss,
Miss Carolan, Miss Crockett, the Misses Hopkins and Miss
Mrßean. The exhibition will be open to-day and to-mor
row, closing in the evening.
\^^^^\Jf^ilß^wi 1 1 ( (to This may be said of Samson, but there are few men of to"
\^^^^-i)^^^j)^iwh da V who are enj)ying the health they should. In many cases
lt )S nOt the ' r fault « for they are suffering from the results of
'&¥ss»! youthful indiscretion, and the boy develops into the man, strong
/ |plm^C^ I ''J/ • or weak, accord to his habits. I have made a Jifelong study
%^\M^JJp^S i y ° f weak men. For thirty years I have used electricity in the
ikllis^W \\v^J treatment of all results of indiscretion and excesses. I apply
X^wi'V * if lt by means of "my invention, the
C(ipA V»J!/,^7 • ° R ' SANDEN ELECTRIC BELT,
/^V \ lL J ffl"' / Um\. 9MIMLJMZIV MZLECTrCIK* tftZL.l,
r ]/* r^^^Ol now used throughout the world, lt is a great home self-treatment
/ Tr JIIPtL and a natural cure.
*' C' 1/ Wu/JWi ' Over 6000 men, young and old, restored to strength during 1898.
% Vl/ Md?L JP Write for free book, which explains all, sent in plain, sealed envelope,
\ [ ijf s^&r*t-K}~ or 1 drop in and consult me free of charge. Beware of any firm who
— j (fr!lJ^ifrr-r^"jf offers you mv Belts, for 1 have no agents, and mv appliances can be
_~^f \ttiir — C=4§fe had only at my offices. Write or call to-day. Office hours 9to 6;
" -=au '*U&? p ' Suhdavs 10 to 1.
r%JR T J\ 'a/I A/ l^l IS? 'IS Third St., San Francisco. Cal. 119^ South Spring
« jf| ** ■ ■ * *1* *— * ++ I M Mmm* iH 9 St.. Los Angeles, Cal. Russel Bldgr., Portland, Or.
well-known capitalist, and F. J. Kierce
will preside. A special musical programme
will be rendered. Admission to the hall
will J*e strictly by invitation, which may
he obtained at the rooms of the society
In the Flood building.
To Talk of "Our Garments."
At the Bynagogue, Post and Taylor
streets, to-night. Rabbi Nieto will deliver
the seventh lecture of the series entitled
"Old Pictures in New Frames." The sub
ject of the lecture will be "Our Gar
ments."
TWO REGIMENTS
RECEIVE THEIR
ORDERS TO SAIL
Forty-Sixth to Leave
on Saturday.
FORTY-FIFTH GOES MONDAY
MEMBERS OF THE FORMER ARE
BEING DISCIPLINED.
Colonel Schuyler Sends Out Provost
Guards to Bring in Strayed Sol
diers and Revokes All
Leaves of Absence.
The Forty-sixth United States Volun
teer Infantry Regiment will sail for the
Philippines to-morrow afternoon on the
transports City of Sydney and Pathan.
The Forty-sixth will be closely followed
by the Forty-fifth, which will sail Mon
day on the transports Senator and Ben
Mohr. Orders for the departure of the
two regiments for the scene of hostilities
were issued yesterday af tern Don and will
be somewhat, of a surprise to th<; Major
ity of the officers and men concerned, as
' the general impression around the vol
unteer camps was- that none of them
would get away before the middle or la^t
of next week.
Colonel Schuyler of the Forty-sixth
took vigorous measures to curb the wan
dering propensities of his men and at tho
j same time give them a taste of army dis
cipline yesterday morning by revoking all
leaves ot absence from camp and sending
out provost guards to gather in those who
had overstayed their leaves. Two hun
dred and , thirty-five men who were given
'■ temporary leaves of absence on Monday,
on which day the regiment received its
last month's pay, failed to show up at
; assembly and Colonel Schuyler at once
' ordered out the provost guard. Every
two hours during the afternoon three 01
--licers and thirty-six men left the camp on
* iive-nour detail to arrest and bring in
the recalcitrants. Several bunches of
Forty-sixth men who happened to be en
joying themselves in the resorts just out
side of the reservation were warned of the
approach of the provost guard and
scampered over the hills toward town. In
several instances the guard gave chase
and captured the runaways, although as
a rule the latter got away. All last night
the work of rounding up strayed soldiers
was continued and a large number of
them were gathered in. A goodly number
are yet at large, however, and it will le
quire hard work to get them all together
and ready to board the transports.
The Fortieth is next to the Forty-sixth
the greatest sufferer from the vagaries of
soldiers with temporary leaves of ab
sence, but the Thirty-eighth, Forty-fourth
and Forty-fifth also have their troubles.
Eight men of the Fortieth were yesterday
sentenced to do penance for absenting
themselves from camp after the expira
tion of their leaves.
Paul A. Perugia of the casual detach
i ment at the Presidio was yesterday \aken
i to Alcatraz Island to serve a sentence of
four years imposed by court-martial and
approved by General Shatter for disobey
ing the order of his superior officer and
threatening him with a revolver The
sentence also includes dishonorab ; e dis
charge from the army and forfeiture of
all pay and allowances.
The Nevada volunteer cavalry will be
the guests of the citizens' executive com
mittee at the Orpheum next Tuesday
night, arrangements to that effect having
been completed yesterday. B
The Tennessee volunteers are expected
to arrive in port from the Philippines on
the transport Indiana some time to-day
and aside from the welcome they will re
ceive from the delegation from their home
State upon their arrival Mrs. Mary a
Townsend has arranged to give the entire
regiment a banquet in Mechanics' Pa
vilion on the evening of the day they la: d
: which, if they come to-day, will probably
be Saturday night. f-wauij
Major Harry U Reese, paymaster U S
A has been ordered to proceed to 'the
Philippines, accompanied by two author
, ized clerks, in charge of funds with which
to Pay the troops in the islands. They
will sail on the Hancock. y
Commissary Sergeant Edwin E Lear
has been ordered to report for duty to
Captain George A. Detchmendy Twenty
second Infantry, commissary and quarter
master on the transport Pathan quarter "
s^sffsssi" and ~»»'Wof d ?s
Acting Assistant Surgeon O. W. Woods,
U, S. A has been ordered to the Philip'
Pines. He will sail from Seattle on the
transport Victoria. Ule
Major Henry I. Raymond, brigade sur
geon U. S. V. and Acting Assistant Sur
geon Frederick C. Weaver, V s A have
been granted leaves of absence the for
mer for one month and the latter for fif
teen days, for temporary disability
« 5 A large number of soldiers of the Forty
; sixth Regiment wore rounded up by »v,
police last n.'ght at the request of Lieu
tenant Swett. Fully sixty men "* '
i handed over to the provost marshal and
kep'l^re^raim! 11110 ' Where they wUI be
Peck Will Become a Banker.
Among the passengers -who came up
from Honolulu on the Australia was Phil
Peck, a former San Franciscan who went
to the islands a number of years ago nnd
purchased a large tract of land on the
island of Hilo, on which he started to
raise coffee. Mr. Peck has lust old his
land to a syndicate of capitalists, who
will convert it into a sugar plantation
receiving S< veral hundred dollars an acre
more than he paid originally. Mr. Peck
is at present making arrangement to
open a bank in Hilo.
New moldings and new tints in mat
boards for framing pictures, at Sanborn
& Vails. •
Faro-Players in Court.
A. M. Hamilton, S. D. Johnson. Ed
Brooks, "William Dormer, Ilonry Witham
and A. L. Brown, who were Arrested
Wednesday night at Joe Harvey's resort,
143 Mason stre<H, by Captain Wlttman and
posse while playing faro, appeared before
Acting Police Judge Barry yesterday
morning. They wire represented by At
torney Long. As Judge Conlan wiil not
hold court till Monday the cases were by
consent continued till next Tuesday.
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
¥¥ ¥4X
♦ Orchestra! 1 fliff ENPORI I lit-! DehmoU
♦ Concert, H§P'*'* and *^J |wß Ghironodist. *
♦ Saturay evening, at feS ~ Oold«n faille Bazaar. H V.tv skillful— Mez- '
ft 7:30. Madame Wai- c^fornw.s IaRQESTT-americas grandest STORS. zanlne floor, near V
ft ther, soloist. ~^ • postofflce. <^
* /7 ALL-DAY *-d-*S *
j // \Sf> £C /AL Sales — fir |
ft "i
* About 100 Silk Umbrellas, ranging in price from $3 30 «
* to $14, at one-quarter off- to-day only, «
» ' ===== 2
£ To-day (Friday) we offer one- quarter off on all «
{ RiBEONS D_-i_««_h_*»_m_#« EMBROIDERIES *
t VcIUNGS nontnßnts AND LACES. %
ft , i , *
ft . = ♦
ft Until closing time Saturday all Gold-headed *
t Ebony Canes at Half Price. %
$• ■ , _■
* • . - ■«
* Clothing Specials for Men and Boys— *
* Friday and Saturday Only. j
5 Men's $15.00 Black Serge Suits for $10.00, f~^\ v
* double-breasted sack coat style, made of a *fj3§ssb .^ *
ft handsome pure worsted, fast black diagonal yW^ *
ft serge, tr.e coat silk faced in the new style, garments X *^7 P^?M *
* silk sewn throughout, lined \^r S
* with an extra quality of serge, /C JmLM&^\ JXm^~ 2
*in every way intended to be C^T^) / 1 '^^?* A/"^^ M ♦
J ? the best $15.00 suit of the iprH} / f ° W~i^J I ♦
I « kind Dos^ible to make, sizes 85 t *',?J I J | \^^JV <"
:ft to 40— our price today, and /V~s[ (' "^-^—lt^ ■ /tT\ "*
ft Saturday, too. if the lot. las's y/WVI ° [ /"/ I *
± hton * $10.00 /WA rSt -> I *
ft / . DO i p/L- et // A «
ft 60 Boys' All-wool 2-piece ( / iL/I Jl / V *
* Suits, $1.95, for ages 8 \\ 3° ,1 Yf? ti^-flfgf AA 2
*to 14 years, douWe- V^ V° / (// • Xl / \W<f^\ *
ft breasted coat and knee pints, l__ _X / , // / I^V'CTT^J
»an ail-wool fabric, in two iA if /[I /f\ c/^ ? S~"^ ♦
* coors— a da-k brown ani a // \/ / :II / / " "^ >#
* light tan — perfect fitting, well '.'•.-. // / »
* made, new fall suit", for which $3.00 wou dba a ri^ht price — on &•£ QtS ♦
J special sa c Friday and Saturday, if the lot lasts tha: long, each, %f) M a x3>*3j
I ■ ' == = I
*" Bargain Friday. ■ Thi3 new B ''gam Friday. We have too <%
* $2.75 WOOI A l- wool MOCha m f v Mocha «
* TJT ' a a* an Wais t. Glove** 53r> Glove . s , ln 1
* WaiStS $I*69* lined  , , r^ C ' a *
unea oretty shade of green — the gloves are J
ft throughout, (f^t> i the fashionable tw -clasp style, in • all -5J
* red, blue, black £"*'*s ' size? ' rOnl 5! "' to 7 ' re ? uiari V 91.00— S
; ♦ or gray, two s*-J special price to-day to close them 0ur....
ft styles, heavily !^L 50 ° *
* braided up and /^Wlll^nr™\ — — —^— 2
*^ down, as in pic- Mln l| lllli^l Bargain Fnday. I'""!'/ <
ft ture. or across U HI ;1 M I BSSCk Felt l/M *
ift front, regularly A.mW, % RomQOS 75C* MaW I
* ?2.70 each -on Yi'lW KStf^lf r : To-day only th, /S>f *
special sale on UVNyr/{! big store 'offers /S^ i *
ft Friday on y at... y|\ \^£r ¥/ [at special sale >«-T 2!
* $1.69 S V ""- / Ladies' Bl.ckFel: <1 J^^-^ J
*jf Romeos, with v -
I warm trimmings of blick fur. red flannel
ft Bar gain Fridiy. New Woolen lined - turned sewed soles, all sizes, per v
* $4.50 Plßid Plaid Skirts P^r 750 «
? 7» • Jt aa ■>«> in red, dark . j,.
; * &kirtS $2.75. green and „ .-  -,0 , T *
brown, midinm large plaids, habit back, rBj»" 7;« F i/.n 1 . 12 dozen Tray *
{ new water-proof bindLg, good lining, ,_-» Tray Cbths, made of _i
» .  ,! ,  . ' Kgtf* MW29W Cl )ths, made of ~
_, new water-proof binding, good lining, i#l#«r ■» •*J' • *
ft regularly W.50..ch--n special sale to- QlothS 33 Cm Sty of J
Jda only at $2 7 5 fcv( signs, in hand . drawn work ; ssz /isx %
14 inches, refill irly 45c and 50c each — v
ft on special sale for this day only at. 33 G Of
ft Birgiin Friday. The plumes and . ____________ " <»
1 Pattern Hat I™™ f & l rs , ain FrUj ,, The hi, store offe . ♦
» Specials* aione worth the! Curtain to-d ay k a , ,salp al *
* special prices asked: End? Salt* %*% -^ C °°n 2
* $35.00 fine imported Pattern Hits, " 11 * *»*©• Curtain Ends, all £
I. beautiful plumes md elaborate orna- \ l ." a - and a very handsome assortment *
i ments-special for Friday only they are, at prices ran /> ---.^- *
J ;. $25.00 l3 c tosoo |
ft $45.00 fine imported Pattern Hit, real . --__-_—---__- "#
ft lace scarf, handsome plumes, choi c or- bargain Friday. . -> ♦
! 6 nam-nts— Friday only $28. 00 GOOd ( i^\ %
I* ' $30.00 fine imported Pattern Hit, with ng^m^Mmmm _,_ -ig^L
J choice black and white plum>\ vjry ele- 1 tJGrny 5) 2!
J gant— Friday only $21. Hat $1 *O 5 T^r^V^K 1
ft $40.0J fine imported Pattern Hit. For this d . iy only A «g», W ♦
ft London smoke velvet and eaoorate we offer our " excel- l|.|, /£* V • *
ft plums— special to-day 0n1y... 525.00 lent qua i Men's \ %s^-' r «
!* $135 Derby Hit, V^_^j J.
5 «ilk trimmings, flex- fy i> '
i 1 'Bargain Friday. Fancy Japanned iM 9 finish, either . Mg-forxMK 4
* 35c Bird wire ? J d Cage black or brown, at -^ v >\^j!,' X «
ft „?_•*_ with either blue the very special " "" <tf
ft %*&ge O*C» green or rel price, each $1.05 *
ft trimming, .^^__— __ "#
J complete ft Bir rain Friday. Two big price «
J Twine Under muslin r *^?™^ ;
* pc !; C 3 . • »X» • Specials* lm Garments «
* and seed •--■.::::• for this day on y: *
* cups, the i^fflllßf^ltK^ Fine Corset Covers, odds and ends of *
ft 7xll inch Tl^fiiMJ stocks thit wre sold regu arl- at $1.68, i
ft BZ9 -i -__i2«L_ BfUCSP 1 $L9B and * 2 - 75 ' sizas 32 ' 38 anri 42 — J
- retails reg- "- <^j^3^ss^^P^^' sp?cial to-day at 98 %
ft "'_ arl y for *-^ Lidies' Drawers, good quality of mua- <•
ft ope— spe- Ilin, with tucks and four rows o hern- ♦
ft Cl=l for to-day only ...640 Pitching, with cambric ruffli and edged *
ft v with Torchon lace, regularly 75c eac — ♦
{ Bargain Friday. We have a large ac- s P ecial to ' di - v at... sOa *
ft ~W~ - fa£g* cumulation of Bleach- . ' <#
r. *< i *"«* ed p rtern Tab c Bar gait F idav. For this day only.
» Dantasn. Clothe and ends of ;^f Novel tV we offer our^ hoi( *
* T be Dama-k, ble.ichel and cream. ;«f Jf #? O^ assortment of B~>c *
? principally fiie and medum qualities, •*"•» OOC7* ani $! 03 Novelty *
J ever-- ona of them desirabh in quality S* 1 * 8 ! cordei stripes, sol 1 col and .J
ft and style, which we place on special sale 'n.QCurdd, also a few piec?s of Hack ml »,
ft to-day only at a redaction of white check Swiss Taffeta, servic^ablft
_. 20 *o «_*- j»er _■ Ishirt waist siltcs --at the very -pp<-i 1«.
I -?f9 tO 25 per Ceif#_ ;P rice,p 9 ryard .....6Sc S
EUGENE FIELD'S POEMS,
A $7.00 BOOK.
The Book of the century. Handsomely
Illustrated by thirty-two of the World's
Greatest Artiste.
GIVEN FREE
to each person interested In subscribing
to the Eucene Field Monument Souvenir
Fund. Subscribe any amount ! desired.
Subscriptions as low as Jl will entitle
donor to this daintily artistic volume
"FIELD FLOWERS"
(cloth bound, 8x11), as a certificate of sub-
scription to fund. Book contains a selec-
tion of Field's, best and most representa-
tive works and Is ready for delivery.
But for the noble contribution of the
world's greatest artists this book could not
have been manufactured for less than $7. ■
The Fund created is divided equally be-
tween the family of the 'ate Eugene Field
and the Fund for the building of a monu-
ment to the memory of the beloved, poet
of childhood. Address
EUGENE FIELD MONUMENT SOUVENIR FUND,
180 V. on roe St., Chicago.
(Also at Book Stores.)
If you also wish to send postage, enclose
10 cents. '■
Mention this Journal, as Adv. - .s Inserted am
our Contribution.
T>"DTTCLII7Q FOR BARBERS, BAK-
JJIiU OllluO i rs. bootblacks, j bath-
houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannerp.
dyers flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St.
1899-TAXES-1899
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT THE}
first Installment of Real Estate Taxes and all
unpaid Personal Property Taxes will be delin-
quent and 15 per cent added on MONDAY.
November 27. at 6 o'clock d. m.
NO CHECKS RECEIVED AFTER SATUR-
DAY EVENING, NOVEMBER 18.
OFFICE OPEN FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
EVENINGS. November 24 and 25. from 7 to 3
o'clock. '.'...;
v>' EDWARD I. SHEEHAN,
Tax Collector of the City and County of San
Francisco. •
REYNOLD'S
Gout or Rheumatism, if on the first approach
of the paroxysm they have recourse to this reme-
dy • then, a single dose is often sufficient.
V- FOK.IBA S. CO.. SO-SO V William St. . v. V.
' TflJ CALIFORNIA COLLEGE OF DENTAL
SURGEHY,
Corner McAllister and Larkin streets, Is now
open for the admission of students. Apply to
S. W. DENNIS. M. D., D. D. S., dean at the
1 college, or A. D. GLEAVES, D. D. S., assistant
dean. 412 Parrott building.
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
56
FRIDAY NOVEMBER 10, 1899
"JOHN D. $PR ECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager. '
I LBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third SU-. S. F
Tel-jphone Main ISCB.
I DITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stcven»on Street
Telephone Main IST*.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. I.', CENTS PER WEEK.
Slntrle ("Griff 1 , ti cents.
Terms by Mail. Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year fR.OO
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 6 jtionth« S.OO
DAILY CALL, (tr.clu^lrff '"ay Call). 3 months .... 1.80
DAILY CALI^-Ry Single Month 05c
SUNDAY CALL One Year 1.50
WEEKLY CALL One Year l.<*>
All pojtniaeters are authoring to reeelv-> iubserlptlona.
. 6amp:e cobles will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
C. GEORGE Kk'OONESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marqu£tte Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT*
C. C. CARLTON Herald ScfuarO
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE i
PERRY LUKENS <JR 29 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Bberman House; P. 0. Now« Co.; Great 'Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auultorlum Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
■Waldorf- Astoria Hotel; A. lirentano. Si Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel. __^
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
J. L. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay.
open until 9:30 o'clock- 300 Hayes street, open until |
£:30 o'clock 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30 I
c clock- 615 LcrKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
iS^i Mls^on street, open urjtil 10 o'clock- 2261 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 1096
Valencia street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh*
street, open uoti! 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AAIU SEMEN TS.
■.. Waves."
.iks."
.
- ■ ireh."
New '\iris.
i-ry afternoon and
«
■.;;les.
V M
m Turl I R»e«».
AUCTION SALES.
jy, at U o'clock, Furnl-
I
mber 14, at 12
■r 16. at 12 o'clock.
.-gSJK'IHiESr-v. _
,;.j^>
THE BOERS AND THE CUBANS.
Otting : England,
in her fight
two Dutch n which
lull's coat while he
■ d were at once
■ c ncutraiity laws.
-; by being in
-i a weak one. Say
■ c sympathy of our peo
two re
umes that it is uni
the Boers.
Irish- Americans, who have
\VU.
Hed atteni
of neutrality
■ i the effect that our
gnize the Transvaal Re-
I . ■ refore is free to lend any
■ {land in her -• I that
rant the London Times
that the Americans are plumping for
• ■ c as this as
• irted American, no one
:tness of the tech
lity by which our Government is ah!c to aid the
nd in her graceless work
of wiping out the Transvaal. Though it is in oppo
■;d traditional policy, the de
ni- technically correct. We know not the Trans
vaal.as a nation, therefore our Government need not
remain neutr; the example of cer
tain expatriated Americans in London, can extend
any 1 be held harmless
in t : t! law. But ii will occur to
any one who I with knowledge of
its bearing in mal law that this practical al
e with En jainst the Transvaal does not
apply in the he Oi Free State. Th;
ur system, an
executive act. It I : np to or re
ceivii ■ matic or consular officers.
. to a Govern-
; his exequatur, without
which ' ir function. To ac
credit a i therefor an exequatur
is to admit i I nee of a. national
entity i ;t. Also to receive
t to him
an cxc independi I
existence i mntry and its rapacity io
. international duties and func-
Now this administration has exchanged these very
internal ■ 5i te. We
li^vc received her I credited
an absolute recognition and
ment of the independent ■ ■of the
natioi ■ ill the benefits of
ma! law. including the laws of
lity.
England i e no< making war upon the Transvaal
a'onc. troy the Orange Free
stal a nation which we have recognized as such,
nee with her is not only a
violation of neutral rights, but is technically an act
o; war against the Free State.
Tn these high and mighty days when the world is
fo engaged in witnessing the pomp and circumstance
of war that the rights of the weak and the obligations
Ci the stron ■ i otfr attitude to the Free
State may not excite much attention, but it goes
into history just the same, and -we very much ques
tion if the American people desire to stand in the at
titude in which it places them.
We assumed to make a nation out of Cuba. Her
were in rebellion against Spanish sov
ereignty, which had been over them in practically
immemorial jurisdiction. Professinp a tender regard
for the right of man to self-government, we made war
ment. Wherein is our duty less
i the same principle in the case of the Orange
State, which we have recognized as a nation?
About all we have to do now is to rush business
and get ready for Thanksgiving.
COMMISSION SIDE LIGHTS.
WE publish to-day a report sent to The Call by
a well known San Franciscan in Manila. As
it is testimony from the imperialist camp it
throws a useful side light upon the report of the Phil
ippine Commission. The reader will observe its
, ferocity of expression toward the natives and that
the writer criticize? everybody who has "not trampled':
! them with a hard heel. While he has no use for the
' natives, except to drive them, he paints a picture of j
ii in American administration there which j
may be usefully contemplated by those who pretend
that we are going to "educate"' the natives in pure ;
upright American ways. The writer is thor
oughly responsible. He knows what he is in Ma
nila for, and is a rugged type of the class of Ameri-
I cans who wait impatiently for the fruits of conquest.
While it may be said that his letter reflects personal
feeling, all Californians will interpret it fairly be
cause of the just estimate he puts upon officers like
tain Henry Glass of the navy and gallant Colonel
Milev, who succumbed to the attack brought on by
lr> unselfish and unmentioncd discharge of duty and
* rests now in a suldier's at the Presidio.
The writer, who happens to be neither Catholic nor
Protestant, draws an admonitory picture of the re
: Hgious situation and justifies the forecast of what is
■ 'tut that has been made by many people in this
tntry. The ecclesiastical tenure of nearly all the
!r>.:uls that are worth tilling in the islands is but a
companion picture to the absorption of such lands in
, Hawaii by the missionaries and their descendants,
but as it is ecclesiastical the qnestion is a Pandora's
( box full of evils and troubles for this country long
after the natives have been subjugated.
The seething scene of slaughter, oppression, official
rascality, administrative incapacity and personal greed
ribed by our correspondent is evidence of the in
firmities of administration at such a vast distance
from the wholesome restraint of public opinion at
home. It is Yerres, Hastings and Give over again,
and so it will be to the end of this weird chapter.
When this letter is read in connection with the offi
: cial report to the War Department which we exclu
sively published last month, and both are considered
in connection with the proposition of Senator Davis
of Minnesota, chairman of the Committee of For
eign Affairs, that Congress shall at the next se-sion
keep hands off Porto Rican, Cuban and Philippine
affairs, and give to the Executive and the army free
rein in each of those dependencies, there arises a pros
pert that mi; • • every American who feels
ler of his country's honor. Yet the -Senator's
| proposition is a suggestion of the inevitable. In
this external administration over peoples so radically
ferent from our own, forced by military power out
of line with their own aspirations, and upon whom the
*-am experiment is being tried of whipping them out
of their racial characteristics, emergencies are inevit
with which Congress cannot deal, in regular or
ession. These must have executive treatment,
be it good or bad. and this will require a great ex
p nt of power to the President. This
tetul thing to contemplate, but it shares that
lity with nearly everything connected with the
subject
A YELLOW DISCOVERY.
T]IV. Examiner has discovered t!ie men whq blew
up the Maine. One of them offers to tell it all
for $20,000 and a chance to live in retirement
outside of Cuba and the United States. His story is
verified by a yellow correspondent at Havana, who
says he knows it is true because he can see the
wreck of the .Maine from the place where he is writing
his sti iry !
What could b< r confirmation! What ex
quisite detective skill! It is as if a San Francisco de
tective should declare that a man is murdered be
cause his name is in the dired
We have no doubt that Cuban woods are full of
men who will confess that they blew up the Maine
for a consideration of $20,000 and a chance to retire
to some chosen retreat to enjoy it. Rut what has
become of the Examiner, reward of $50,000 for the
miscreant? When the Maine \>. ti yed the Ex
aminer was twenty- fou,r hours behind its contem-
poraries in getting the new-;, but it used the wreck
for advertising purposes and announced that it had
notified all the crowned heads of Europe that it would
give $50,000 for the men who did the dastardly work.
Just which of the crowned heads it suspected of the
l ciinie has never transpired, but it worked the wreck
I for all it was worth ps an advertisement.
It? return to the subject now seem* to be a con
on that other means of sensational advertising
have hern exhausted, and rather than go at legitimate
journalism and newsgetting it takes another fall out
of the Maine.
In line with its policy the Examiner should pro
ceed to hire a man to confess, tell the names of ac
complices who are men of straw, then ostentatiously
pive him a check of which the payment has been
stopf. *i in advance, tb.cn photograph the check and
the wrt, *t and its own unutterable emotions, and then
pat itself . ti the back.
The Examiner has fallen so far behind as a news
paper that si ime time there may be public interest in
who wrecked it, and a reward of a nickel may pro
duce the man, provided he is protected from the en
thusiastic expression of hilarity and gratitude which
will be sure to accompany his appearance.
THE "CLUB HOUSE" GAMBLERS.
CREDIT is due t<» the police for the promptness
and skill with which the raid was made upon
the gamblers whose so-called social club was
i exposed by The Call last Friday. As a result of the
; raid a considerable number of gamblers are under
i arrest, and evidence is in the hands of the police to
prove the charges against them.
Since the police have done their duty the i^sue
in the case is for the courts to decide. The question
is whether, by organizing a "social club" it is pos
sible for gamblers to evade the statute forbidding the
maintenance of gambling-houses and the conduct of
gambling games. If the contention of the gamblers
be upheld by the courts we shall have practically
unlimited gambling until the Legislature amends the
law under which social clubs enjoy immunity.
As the matter is now before the courts for deci
sion it is not worth while to argue the validity of the
claim of the gamblers or the construction of the
statute. It would appear, however, that there ii
nothing in the law which can support their preten
sions. It is quite true the courts have thrown around
social clubs a great deal of protection, but they have
never gone so far as to declare that such clubs could
be legally used for the purpose of evading the statutes
of the State and for perpetrating offenses which are
punishable by fine and imprisonment.
Whatever may be the results of the trial, the police
have done their duty. They have raided the club
exposed by The Call and found there a number of
men engaged in gambling and a full faro layout. They
have therefore made a test case which will result in
determining the meaning of the law. For that they
THE SAN FRANCTSCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 10. 1899.
deserve the commendation of the public. If gam
bling be carried on hereafter under the form of an
amusement of a social club it will be due to a defect
of the law and not to a fault of the police, and the peo
ple will know how to provide a remedy for the evil.
THE LAW AND TAX SHIRKING.
THE- express companies of the United States in
shirking their war taxes have been favored by
the law's delays probably beyond their fondest
expectations. The act requiring them to stamp their
receipts and bills of lading went into effect on June
13. 1898. It is now November, 1899, and although
shippers, Attorney Generals and Judges all over the
country have been working manfully for a year and
five months to enforce the law they are as far away
as ever from compelling obedience to it.
In Illinois a Court of Equity decided over a year
ago that the express companies are legally liable for
the tax; in Michigan the Supreme Court many
months ago issued a writ of mandate ordering stamps
to be affixed to receipts and bills of lading in that
State, in accordance with the statute; in California
the Superior Court in an action for damages has
placed the same construction upon the law. Here,
however, the law's delays have worked most potently.
Two cases removed to the United States Circuit
Court which involve the question have been under
submission on a motion to remand since June last,
and a decision of the Superior Court on a writ of
mandate has been on appeal for months and is not
likely to be decided for a year.
Certainly a sufficient number of cases have been
decided against the express companies to admonish
them that ultimately they are certain to be compelled
to pay the tax, but the burden amounts to between
$200,000 and $300,000 a year to each shirking com
bination, and all are consequently emboldened to
dispute the law to the end. Every day that passes
there is transferred from the pockets of the shippers
and placed in theirs between $3000 and $5000.
On Thursday a case involving the construction of
the law was argued in the United States Supreme
Court. The lawyers for the plaintiff, a shipper, intro
duced the same points on which all the previous
cases have been decided. The same answer was made
as in the suits against Wells, Fargo & Co. in this
city. The Adams Company, its attorney averred.
c-.rrir-; 28,000,000 packages annually, upon which the
law, if the plaintiff's contention is established, will
impose a tax of $280,00^), or 2 J 3 per cent of the
nominal par value of the corporation's stock. '"Th:>
is an unreasonable burden," argued counsel, "but if
it is paid by the shipping public it will not be felt."
Here is entertaining corporation logic. Shippers
do not feel the burden of taxes. They may be held
up and robbed of a million or so a year by the ex
press companies without producing in them the
slightest sign of pain. Rut the moment Congress
a>=ks a corporation to aid the Government in waging
a foreign war to the extent of a single cent rank in
justice i- perpetrated and the courts are appealed to
to prevent the outrage.
Evidently the corporations doing an express busi
ness in this country need disciplining. At its ses
sion next month Congress ou.ulit to take hold of
them and not only reimpose this tax but double it,
nnd forbid all tho«e carrying on an interstate busi
s from increasing their rates. This would teach
them a le-son in patriotism which would not be lost.
OUR INTERESTS IN CHINA.
rOR some time past reports have been in cir
culation that the great powers of Europe wouH
soon call upon our Government to define its
nese policy and state how far it claimed a right
to trade in those parts of China which have recently
sed under the domination of Russia, German}' and
France. It has been stated that Count Cassini, tlv
Russian Embassador to this country, -.vas engaged
during his recent visit to Europe in discussing the
question with the different powers interested, and
would, upon hi-* return, open negotiations with Sec
retary Hay upon thr subject.
The Count has now Tcturned, and in our dispatches
of Wednesday there was given a summary of an in
terview with him in whirh he is reported to have
talked frankly and to have denied that he has any
intention of asking the United States what port or
"sphere of influence" they desire to occupy in China.
He is reported as saying:
"I saw many prominent public men while in
Europe, including Count Murafieff, and I assure
you that this is the first time that I have heard that
such a proposition was to be submitted to the United
States. In my talks at St. Petersburg, Paris and else
where many phases of the Chinese subject were di;
cussed, but nothing — absolutely nothing — occttm.l to
warrant any report Jthat I individually, or with others.
have any special inquiries to make concerning China.
To be sure this and all other current topics are in
formally discussed, but it can be stated positively that
I return without any special mission to perform and
without instructions relating to China. So far as
Russia is concerned her door stands open. The great
commercial port of Talien-Wan has been made free
to the commerce of the world by formal proclama
tion."
Count Cassini is a diplomatist, and a Russian dip
lomatist at that, so the public will receive with some
incredulity the statement that he "talked frankly."
I Still it is quite probable he told the truth when he
j stated he has not been charged to make any propo
sitions to 'our Government with regard to China. In
the first place no European power, nor combination
of powers, is in a. position to ask us to define our
Chinese policy, for not one of them is prepared to
define its own; and, in the second place, the Chinese
; problem has not yet reached a point where any defi
j nite solution of it is practicable.
There is in the situation, however, much which
tends to support the belief that sooner or later we
will come into conflict with those powers that claim
to have special interests and rights in what are called
their "spheres nf influence." The United States do
not claim jurisdiction or influence over a single acre
of Chinese territory, but they do claim the right to
opportunities of trade on equal terms with other na
tions in every part of China from north to south
and as far into the interior as any nation has a right
to trade. How our right to equal trade in all parts
of the empire can be reconciled with the aggressions
of European powers remains to be seen.
It will be noted Count Cassini states Russia has
made the port of Talicn-Wan free to the commerce of
the world. That is all right as far ns it goes, but the
question remains whether Russia could shut us out
if she chose. At present Russia has extended a
"sphere of influence" over two Chinese provinces,
Germany over one, France over an extensive region
in the south, and Great Britain claims influence over
the whole Yangtse Valley and its coast frontage. If
such claims go on Unchecked the time will soon come
when the whole sea front of China will be under
European influence. It will then be imperative upon
us to define our policy, whether we are asked to do
it or not. In fact, there are breakers ahead in Chi
nese waters, and our own ship of state is likely to be
involved in them.
MONSTER STRAY TURTLE
FOR A WATCH DOG
STRAY turtles, measuring four or five foot in length, do not often wander
unmolested through the streets of a thickly populated city. But not
long since a well-known family in Honolulu, H. 1., received a visitor
of this kind. Xobody knows where the great beast came from; he
simply appeared one day at the garden gate and, forcing an entrance,
proceeded to make himself at home on the premises. He was promptly ex
pelled by the astonished family, to wander once more on the city street?— for
they did not know what else to do with him. The turtle had different idea?,
however; he Viad found a comfortable home and meant to stay in it, he had
very likely led a life of hardship and intended to end his days in peace and
security, so he returned, but was again turned out. upon the cruel world. The
turtle had a will of his own ami was determined to live in that particular
spot, so he crawled in again the next time the gate was open. The family
gave up in despair, and allowed thp uninvited giu-st to remain a few days be
fore they turned him out again. But he returned once more. This perform
ance was repeated a number of times; if they shut the gate on him he would
rear up on his hind legs and put his fore feel <>n the top— like a great dog.
It was necessary to accept the inevitable. The people to whom he wished
to attach himself began to feel a certain superstition, and allowed him to
take possession of the garden which he had so long coveted as his abode.
There he crawls about in the daytime and sleeps at night, and is given his
three good meals a day of bran and water, and scrap:- from the table-. He
is a perfectly harmless old fellow, and the children have groat sport with
him, two or three at a time riding on his back. It is only dangerous to place
a hand on the side of his neck, for. as he contracts his neck Quickly with
in his shell, it is likely to be drawn in and injured. But his funniest charac
teristic developed after he had been fairly accepted into the family circle:
in return for the kindness lavished upon him he took upon himself tho«
functions of a watch dog. The poor beast Is not able to bark, but when a
straiiKt-r enters the gate he gives forth such loud and formidable hisses as
to fri^htf-n the most courageous until they discover that his hiss is worse
than his bite.
It is estimated that this great turtle is very old. While not of a rare
aprrios, he has grown to an unusual size. His neck Is beginning to shrivel
and take upon itself the drawn look of extreme age. It is thought by some
that he is the famous turtle that belonged to Kamehameha I. 11<> was the
gr< atest conqueror and King of th<- Hawaiian Islands, and lived over 100
years ago. The animal remained for generations in the custody of the royal
family, and last belonged to the queen dowager, Kaplolani, who died "n
June 24. Some time before the Queen's death the turtle disappeared. But
whether this queer old beast, with its almost human Intelligence, has Buch a
romantic history or not. it Is to-day one of the must Interesting sights of
Honolulu, though few visitors know of its existence.
RIGHTS OF HABEAS
CORPUS ARE SACRED
NEW POINT IN LAW DECIDED
BY SUPREME COURT.
Superior Judges Have Power to In
quire Into the Sanity of Asylum
Inmates Held for Crime.
The Supreme Court yesterday handed
down a decision involving the question
of habeas corpus in which points were
raised that have never been judicially
passed upon before. In the Insane Asy
i lum at Napa is a man named Hugh
Buchanan, 'who had been committed by
the Superior Court of Yuba County pend
ing his trial upon a charge of murder. A
friend of Buchanan named Muller pre
sented a petition for habeas corpus to
Judge E. D. Ham of the Superior Court
of Napa, setting forth that the patient
had recovered his sanity and was entitled
to be discharged from the asylum and re
delivered into the custody of the Sheriff
of Yuba.to be placed on trial. Judge Ham
issued the writ, making it returnable be
fore the acting Judge of the court, who
was Judge Joseph P. Jones of Contra
Costa County.'
1 Superintendent Dr. A. M. Gardner of the
Napa Asylum made return of the writ,
showing the commitment of Buchanan,
who in- alleged had not recovered his
sanity He ciaimed that Buchanan can
not be delivered to the Sheriff of \uba
County except upon the certificate of the
superintendent of the asylum showing
' that the patient had recovered his sanity.
Judge Jones decided that the superintend
ent's point was not well made and insisted
upon the command of the writ being com
plied with. Dr. Gardner at once applied
to the Supreme Court for a writ to pro
hibit Judge Jones from entertaining juris
diction in the habeas corpus case. Dr.
Gardner took the position that the Supe
rior Court of Napa County is without jur
isdiction or authority to order him to de
liver Buchanan on habeas corpus or oth
erwise under the statutes relating to the
commitment and discharge of insane per
sons. The Supreme Court, in discussing
the authority of the medical superintend
ent, the jurisdiction of the lower court
and the statutes, says:
A fair construction of all the : provisions of
the statutes on the subject letids to th- con
clusion that In a case like this the superin
tendent of the State Hospital may discharge
the patient and If he falls or refuses to act
| the Inmate may Institute the Inquiry Into his
sanity by the process of habeas corpus. • • «
Where he refuses to act ami resort is had to
the court we think the Judge has the power
not only to adjudge the patient to be sane,
but to order him redellvered to the Sheriff to
be dealt with under the Penal Code.
The opinion was written by Commis
sioner chipman, and Justice McFarland,
in a concurring paragraph, adds that the
right to the benefits of habeas corpus is
sacred and cannot be abridged.
SUPERVISORS' SALARIES.
Important Decision Involving the
Payment of County Officers.
A matter of law which has never been
passed upon by the highest State court
w.-is decided yesterday in the Supreme
Court. John W. "White is a Supervisor
and at the some time Road Commissioner
of his supervisorial district in Kern
County. Ilu presented a bill for salary
and mileage ninnunting to (1803 50, which
issed by the Supervisors, who or
the Auditor. B. A. Hayden, l<i draw
I for the same on the salary
county. This the Auditor re- I
to do. Next th ■ order was to draw
rant on the road fund, which was'
also ;ru-i with a refusal. It was necessary ;
for White to sue and the case went to !
the - Supreme Court, his contention being
that the wages of Road Commissioner
Bhould be classed as "salary" and should
be paid out of the salary fund. The Su
preme Court upholds this contention, and :
as Its decision affects nearly every county [
"ARE YOU AX EXPANSIONIST?"
in th( ■ principal point made is
worthy of quotation:
Whether the duties are performed in his
legislative or Judicial capacity while pitting
•with the hoard or whether acting rx-offlclo aa
road commissioner he is performing duties de
volved upon him by law as a Supervisor. As
he is a county officer and as there is a salary
fund created out of which county officers are
to be paid, we see no reason why he should
not be paid his entire compensation allowed
by law as Supervisor out of that fund. '-Sal
ary and "wages" are synonymous. Both
mean a sum of money periodically paid for
services rendered, and It Is immaterial how
the value of the services is ascertained
OFF WITH THE OLD,
ON WITH T HE NEW
ALF WHEIaAN of the Tirol! is a vic
tim of the lightning change sj
that prevails at cur stock h<
-Mas for art! For it is a well-n
lished fact that art is long, and it rebels
sorely at telegraphic methods.
Mr. Whelan was cast this week for Dro
: mez in "Three Black Cloaks." Now
i mez is a person whom everybody knows
■ in real life and recognizes with pleasure
, on the stage. He is a miller, according to
the book, a very foolish miller, indeed,
and as cunning as a fox in his a\
He is merely one of the many p
people who go to make up the world and
he is well worth the truuble to a good
el)]* iliati.
The part as it is written is human
■■ amusing and unique. It was an oppor
tunity for Mr. Whelan. Probably I
[.called some Dromez that he used to
know "down east," and he built bii
accordingly. But he cannot score a tri
umph ami all because of the hurried life
that Tlvoli act< rs must lead
Alf Whelan has struck the keynote of
his role, and struck it with a vlgot I
But his wurk is hasty, unfinished. Given
1 another w i k he would prune much Inef
fective business, such as his many returns
tr door. As it is, he has hardly
, time to discover what is ineffective Given
Btlll another week, he woura tin.: ; ■ ■•.■
delicious little things to surprise us with
Again, he will be whiazed away to olav
another somebody before he has a chance
to become half acquainted with hia
.•in character.
A few rehearsals, a week's run, then it's
'off with the old piece and on with the
new. Inanity reigns supreme, and quality
, must suffr-r the cona< quences The '
quences are a weary looking chorus
perflciality in principals and art thrust
i back Bewildered.
SARAH COMSTOCK.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
PLANS FOR CITY BUILDINGS— S V
J.. Bpreckels. Cal. Russell Sturgis" plans
for city buildings appeared in the Bdarch
issue of Harper's for i^-v page 5r»7 e t «• .
COPYRIGHT- Reader. City. For Infor
mation as to onjiyrlKhts issue, 1 i v t he
United States address a communication to
the Librarian of Congress at Washington,
"CHINESE GORDON—-M. N., City
Charles George Gordon, called "Chinese
Gordon." also "Gordon Pasha," in Jan
uary, ins-i. was dispatched by the British
Government to Khartoum to extricate the
Egyptian garrisons In the Soudan then
menaced by the revolt of the Mahdl. n.
reached there in February, and. after a
heroic def< rise that taxed the manhood of
England's bravesi veterans. Khartoum
fell on the 26th of January, 1886, and brave
Gordon was among the slain.
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE-Stewart
Street, City. A Chamber of Commerce is
a body of traders and merchants as
sociated for the purpose of promoting the
interests of its own members, of the town
or city in which it is located and the com
munity generally, so far as they are re
lated to trade and merchandise. Prom
inent among the methods of activita of
such a body are the following: tl> Rep
resenting and urging on the legislative
bodies the views of the members in mer
"NO; I'M A CONTRACTOR."
— PILt thing Praaa,
cantile affairs; (2) aiding in the prepara
tion of legislative measures having ref
erence to trade; (3) collecting atal
bearing on the staple trade ot the
try: (4) in tcting as i
of court of arbitration in niercnmii.
tions; (5) attaining by combination
vantages In trade which might be beyond
the range of Individual effort.
\ Board of Trade works »n almost the
same tines as a Chan rof Commerce.
[ta objects are to promote comn
maintain Industry, settle dispi t«
cerning trade and procure necessai
Islation for Its security and advanc
It acts as a couri of arbitration b<
debtor and creditor, and in that way
avoids much costly litigal
A Merchants' Exchange is an associa
tion that furnishes to Its members all in
formation about shipping, disasters ar
s< a movements of v< asi Is all ov<
world arrivals and departun
dition of the weather and inform
thai Is of the greatest Importance to the
mercantile community.
A Produce Exchange is an association
where produce, principally wheal and
grain, is sold and bought, statistics are
collected to show to the membership 'he
productiveness of the country in which t
[g located and or the world generally. The
benefit to members is thai f1 gives th.m
a meeting place to transact business with
one another and furnish s them valuable
information which is essential in busi
ness and which individuals could not Pro
cure without immense cost by their own
eflortß.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Dr. O. D. Norton, U. S. N., Is a guest at
the Palace.
W. If- Clary, a wealthy mine-owner of
Stockton, is a guest at the Lick.
Dr. Louis P. Smith, U. S. A., is at the
Occidental, accompanied by his wife.
Raleigh Barcar, a prominent attorney of
Vacaville, is among the arrivals at the
Lick.
C. A. Ruggles has come down from his
home in Stockton, and is a guest at the
Grand.
Robert G. Barton, a wealthy fruit
grower of Fresno, is registered at the Oc
tal.
Alden Anderson, the well-known fruit
grower of Buisun, is among the recent ar
rivals at the Grand.
E. T. Robie, a well-known fruit man of
Auburn, is among those who arrived in
the city yesterday and went to the Lick.
G. X. Wright, a lucky miner from the
Nome district, is at the Occidental,
1 where he will remain for the next few
days.
E. T. Allen of the United States Geologi
cal Survey arrived in the city yesterday
from Tacoma and registered at the Occi
dental.
H. I;. Gilbert, son of Judge Gilbert of
the United States Circuit Court, is a guest
at the Occidental. He arrived yesterday
from his home in Portland, Oregon.
RiKht Rev. I. W. Kiordan, Archbishop
of Ban Francisco: Rev. D. J. Riordan, and
Rev. P. K. Mulligan sailed from New
York last Saturday on the Hamburg-
American liner Augusta Victoria for Italy
via i Hbraltar.
W. ti. Kevin, general manager of the
Be and Southern California
railroads; C. M. St. Ny, chief counsel of
and J. R. Hitchcock are
red at the Palace. They arrived
rday from Loa An.eeles.
Rutherford <'orbin. son of the adjutant
1 of the army, is at the Palace,
wlif-r.' he arrlv- lay from the
Warren, on which vessel he has
just returned from Manila, lie has seen
considerable service at the front.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Nov. 9.— E. W. Hopkins,
Hiss Hi pkJ ■ : Francis
at the Holland. Frank Zak of San Fran
the Hoffman. I- Kalman of
- ,•;: the Manhattan. Mrs.
William s. Perris and Miss Bland!
San Frar.riscn are at the Savoy. W. V.
Huntingdon ami B. H. Pardee of San
Francisco ;iro at the Everett.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHING-TON
WASHINGTON, Nov. P.— J. A. Ellwood
0 is at the Ebbitt i I
S. 11. Hulen and wife and J. A. HendriOh
in Francisco, are at the Na
tional,
New pictures for fall and holiday trade
are here. Sanborn.Vall & Co., 741 Market. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c i>> r lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied daily to
busin< >s houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Al Mont-
Main vm. . *
Libel Against the Port Patrick.
A libel was Sled In the I'nited States
District Court by the Postal
raph Cable Company against the
ship Port Patrick to : dam
■,:-■>. alleged to have been inflicted- on a
if the plaintiff In San Francisco Bay
by an anchor of the Bhip during a gale
on i (Ctober 1 I Of ibis year.
"M"rs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
been usea ror rmy year* i.y mill! i
mothers for their children while Teething with
It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allay? pain, cures Wind Colic, regu
lates the Bowels and !s the best remedy for
I)iarrhiK>as, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by druggists in every
'. the world. lie sure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow's Soothing SyruD. 2:>c a 1. ittla.
Tourist Excursions.
PERSONALJ/T • Excursions,
rs, through from California to St Paul,
St. Louis, Chicago and Boston, every Sunday!
Wednei lay and F full information at
628 Ifarki I st.
HOTKL. 1 •• ADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Xow only $00 by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at-ho
• r day. Apply at * New
Montgomery street, S*n Francisco.
California Limited.
SANTA Fi: Connecting train leaves
at 5, Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Satur
day, in\ itm passengers ample time to see Los
Angeles and Pasadena. Finest equipped train
and best truck of any line to the East.
Marshall Woodworth Convalescent.
Marshall B. Woodworth was on duty
yesterday In the office of the United
Stutes Attorney, after being confined to
his room fur a n a sprained lesr
caused by his be! . .i by his Baddle
horse.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HA
Air* 1) 11
You always expect to see
a baby plump and rosy, don't
you? Thinness in a baby
is a disease. If not corrected
serious 'results follow. The
first year often determines
the health for the whole of
a long life.
S«y!H bmuh ten-
is a true and tried friend to
the little ones. It gives
them just the plumpness all
healthy babies should have.
50c and $1.00, all druggists.
SCOTT & BOWNE. Chemists, New York.ADVERTISEMENTS.
By ivarui shampoos with < ■ xicdr v Soap,
followed by light dressings with CirnctTßA,
purest of oinoliient skin cures. This treat-
ment will clear the scalp and hair of
' crusts, scales; and dandruff, allay itching,
soothe irritation, heal eruptions, stimulate
[thobairfollicles/and supply the roots with
nourishment a:id pneri:y, t!ius producing
a clean, -xlioUiomo scalp, with luxuriant*
'i-ustroitfl hair.
Heir Came Out Freely.
. . 1 had the typhoid fever after which tuy hair
. came out freely. My mother suggested that I
use CcTicujia remedies. I did so, meeting i
wftß untold success^ My hair grew ir. thicker !
tlian at tlrst. afu>r use of Cdticcra SoAFand I
CtrricrßA (ointment). 11. J. PATTERSOX,
1»5 W St., X. "VV., Washington. D.6.
Bad Scalp Humcr Cured.
I '•■• a bad scalp humor, and thought I j
would go frantic with itching. I lost consid- !
erable of my hair of which I bad an almn- I
dance, and was very proud . I tried several j
remedies but they ail proved a failure. I
tried Ci'ticcra Soap, found immediate relief,
and the itching is all gone.
Mks.M. JUDAN',24O Halliday St., Jersey City.
Bad Dandruff Cured.
Dandruff made my hair fall out so bad I got j
discouraged.' I rubbed Cdticoka' (ointment) '
well into the scalp twice a \vecU,aud sham-
pooed with warm water and a good lather of
Ccticcra Soap once a week . My ha is
. growing out thick once more, and fro. •from i
dandruff. Mis* ADA JA VI Chelsea, Mass.
Sold thmnchoutthc world. INvrrER D. at. C Coup.,
Propb.. lietton. ''How ti Uivr l.uxurin! Hair," free.
BAVP V HHR RKlM^^'?*;.^ * i
AMUSEMENTS.
"Thousands Greet the New Bill
With Enthusiasm!
CORNILLE, the ai.buni - haired Parisian
beauty-,and the bijrßt^t hit in town. Her -tr.g-
inp. hVr actins. her dazzling beauty and charm
of;rn&'nne> have never l>een surpassed by any
onls-t. Jerome and Alexis! Leo Carlo, Gncsin
ondi I^avis.- l<ola Cotton, the Biograph, Jack
. -Merritt a:.<i Murdock, Lv..u:se Dresser |
'• cr.d "J>"r Pickaninnies.
Jtes<fr\(-Lj Seats. 2nc: Balcony. 10c. Opera
Matinees :Wednesduy, Paturday and "Sunday.
NO-TICF!:.— On and after Sunday next th«
fror.t rows of the balcony will b<» reserved at
2Se for Sunday' matinee, same as at evening
I-erformance.-
. - : . ■ ' .
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRANT) AND ENGLISH QPKRA SEASON.
: ' ■-■■..-
-•T-.0-NIGHT! TO-NIOHT! TO-NIGHT:
SPECIAL MATINEE TO-MORRO^
■ ''THRE^BLACK 1 CLOAKS;"
.' TL-.? most successful attraction in town'! i
Crowded houses the rule this week!!
Final- .performances Saturday nn-1 Sunday
-nights of the Knornioiis Grand Opera
>•;".> Triumph;
> br NE,"
TVits potable ca*t of great favorites'.!
'. ■ POptUVR ' VRICKS-.25C and DOc.
Telephone for Seats— Bush .9. : '
NVx.t- \Vftk-.\ Reccrd Breaking Attraction: 1 .
Gilbert & Sullivan's comic opera, 'TA-
TTIENOK." : Verdi's historical creation. "THE
SIASKED B ALL/
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE. i
TELEPHONE MAIN £32.
MATINKE TO-.MORRCVV.
A Greater Tri'imph Even Than EL CAPITAN
TWO WEEKS fi.XLT.
Frar.r-in Wilson's Greatest Cuiiiic Opora Success
THE "MERRY MONARCH.
A "PeliKhtful Evening of Hearty Lauprht^r.
Tki.uti?ul Melody. ?uperb Scenery and Gor-
geously Resplendent Costumes.
HEAR THE SONGS t
■'The Kat<" "of the Wlso Os-trlch Who Knew I?
All." -*When I Was a Child of Three." "Isyxe
Will Find thn Way." "Where Fhal! 1 Be Nert
W^ek?" "Well; That All Depends Vpoii Your
. Past Life."
POPULAR PRICER-SOc. 35c, 2."c. 13c, 10c.
'JL Good Reserved- Beat at Saturday Matinee, 25c.
Brunch Ticket Offlce. Emporium.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
MATINEE TO-MORROW AND SU*NDAY.
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
*The New Tork Lyeeurn Theater Comic Hit,
Entitled
I ilj I \ T EIuKJ 9
INVENTED FOR LAUGHING PURPOSES.
rNCHANGEABLi: PRICES.... 15c, 2cC, 35c, BOb
■■"■■■• ; .■; ■; ■- ■ . ■ .'.
NEXT--MT- FRIEND FROM INDIA."
KEW ALKAMBRA THEATER
THE PEOPLE'S THEATER.
Eddy and Jones Ste. Phone SOUTH 770.
LAST PERFORMANCES.
■ TO-NIGHT.
"FIFI" FOfVKNIR MATINEE TO-MORROW
AND SATURDAY NIGHT.
THE FRISKY FARCE.
MLLE. FT FT !
The H^ns-at tonal DKWEY Moving Pictures.
TRICKS 15c. 26c, 3r>c, 50c. 73c
JIATINKE 15c, 25c. 35c, 50c
ALL SEATS RE6E IX
SUNDAY NIGHT EUGENIE BLAIR
In A iMnY OF' QUALTY."
BEATS NOW READY.
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
MAJOR MITIJ. .^innllf-st Actor on Earth.
* AIM! IK and HER LIONS. Hlpth Diver,
ANH \ GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
SPECIAL! TO-MORROW (SATURDAY)
NIGHT! Reproduction of the Last Round of
the COBBETT-KITZSIMMONBtJifiht In con-
junction with the JEFFIUESrFITZSIMMONS
and PAtMEU-McGOVERN contents.
Phone for Seats— Park 23^
CONEY ISLAND NOW |N SAN FRANCISCO.
STEEPLECHASE— CENTRAL PARK.
JK?'FRIES-FITZ«IMMONS, entire fight;
CAPTAIN BEACH, the aquatic marvel, eats
t:id smokes under water.
TWENTY-FIVE OTHER ATTRACTIONS
This (Saturday,) at 3:30 p, m. ftnd S p. m. ;
I'njfesEor Hill v.ill Bcramble (250 frum tin high
wire. -: ». : 5
Open every afternoon and evening. Admis- I
H ■,!:. 'i ■. . «■ , ' !
Mir Call sl.oo mini;
SATISFIED WITH
THE AGREEMENT
Rejoicing Over Samoan
Matter.
THE POWERS IN GOOD HUMOR
UNTTED STATES RETAINS THE
BEST HARBOR.
Pago Pag-o Is Said by Experts to Be
the Finest Refuge for Ships to
Be Found in the Pacific
Ocean.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BERLIN, Nov. 9.— The Colonial Council,
day, heartily approved the
rreement. Prince yon Wied de
i thai thanks were due firstly to the
Emperor and called for three cheers for
his Majesty. A telegram was dispatched
to the Emperor expressing the Council's
gratification at the ending of the Samoan
Imperishable glory of the
nd the honor of Germany."
Continuing, the telegram said:
"The Government, which knew Its pur-;
■ rful enough to attain it,
■d in overcoming diflicul
ties which appeared almost insuperable.
The :. '- indissolubly bound !
up with the earliest beginning of German
colonial dominion, German industry and
German pioneer work, and the blood of
brave German sailors has made Samoa
c German people could not
• bought o! giving up the i
Th( telegram then proceeded to express
peror the Council's humblest
ttulatlons on the acquisition, beg
tj to bo pleased to accept
the assurance of its unflinching confidence
i rnment
A telegram was also F^nt to Count yon
Bulow. the German Minister of Foreign '
Affairs, thanking him for his brilliant I
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA THEATER §**
STANDING ROOM ONLY LAST NIGHT.
NANCE O'NEIL.
To-Night "MAG DA"
Saturday Matinee— "THE SHADOW,','
Saturday Night— NEW •'CAMILLE."
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT !
PEATS ON SALE TO-DAY FOR
HARRY C' IRS" CLARKE,
Prpspntlnff the Funniest of All Farce Comedies,
"WHAT HAPPENED TO JONES'
POPULAR Evening. 75c, BOc 25c
RICES— Matinees, Dec, 23c.
COLUMBIA k3»
LAST THREE NIGHTS--MAT. SAT.
The King Pin* of Comedy.
MAT HEWS ND !< ULG E R
In the Up-to-Date Version of
"BY I'HE SAD SEA WAVES;
NEXT MONPAY Broadhu 7io s < r at Laufrh -
"WHY SMITH LEFT HOME,"
Can Y^u Do Bad Cooking Worse?
SEATS NOW READY.
PRICES. ti, 75c. BOc and 25".
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION
INCORPORATED.
Member American Turf Congress.
TANFORAN PARK.
B^uth San Franrlsco, San Mateo C
Main Office. Parlor A. Pali H^t»l S F
V.'. J. MARTIN, F. H. GREEN.
President St. and Manager,
FIRST WINTER SEASON.
First meeting from Nov. I to Nov. 18, 1889,
inclusive.
Six hisrh-ciaps running racos every weekday,
beginning .-.t 1:30 p. ml Last race at 4 p. m.
Beautiful country scenery, sunshine and frr-s«h
air. A model racetrack: superb grandstand ana
•jx;"xcp!!M accommodations.
TRAIN SERVICE, Southern Pacific Co.
(Third-street Station.)
Ix>oal trains 1»avo at 9:00, 10:40 and 11:80 a m
Special race trains at 12 :40. 12:"ft and 1:25 p. m.
returning immediately after the last race find
»t 4:4r, v. m.
SAN JO.SE AND WAY STATIONS— ArrIv» at
Pnn Bruno at 12:45 p. m. Leave Pan Bruno at
4:00 and 4:45 p. m. Trail leave Valencia-street
ten minutes later than Third street. Race
trains ?'.< p directly at tlie entrance to the
grandstand.
Lust cars of all trains reßerred for women
and their escorts. No smoking.
RATES.
From Pan Francisco to Tanforan and return,
inc!'.:dinc admission to grounds, •': 23. Pintle
round trip tickets, 40 cents. Holders of Associa-
tion Btirti-^s may secure a twenty-four ride cou-
pon ticket, limited to thirty days, upon presen-
tation nf bsdßo? at Third or Valencia street
etatlons Jor 13 SO.
Roister All complaints without delay with
th<> S'crptnry and Manager of th» Association.
"EQUITABLE
OiL COMPANY.
Land Located In the Very Center of
OIL BELT 'IN KERN COUNTY.
Surrounded by Flowing -Wells.
Midway Between
Coaiinga and -McKittrick Districts,
ICO ACRE 3.
Tltl? United States Patent.
Limited quantity of Treasury Stock now for
sale for development purposes only at
ONE DOLLAR PER SHARE.
No further stock will be offered except at an
ADVANCE IN PRICE.
Stook llFted on California Oil Exchange.
Office 405 Montgomery St., Room 5
San Francisco, Cal.
ivisrr OR JORDAN'S great^
*MiisfUM OF fINfITOBY*
i Ch 10Sl«USK?2T.lei.e-.aS7ili. C.r.Cii.
\ Sj The Lusreit Anatomical Museum In the \
9 gSS&i SpeailutcotheCoa-.t Est.36ycar» " Q
6 JSS\ ° ' JORLAN'-rRIVATE 0
A 9 i Co.isultstion fr« and stri> tly prirate. \
\HnT T v r "°'" ye t'*"'«'ae*erycaseunrterult < en, f
Hfl // \\!& Write for R"iilc.Pnil.«si)PHY c i A
¥« il 11 ! swnaiAßE, ma:: F«jia. i.\¥
X* it jl, valuable book fcr mm) \
f UK. K>BDA.I A-4'0.. 1051 Market St.;B. F.f
DR. GROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
FOR THE CURE OF GONORRHOEA,
Gleets, Strictures and analogous coru-
•■,• ts of th»! Organs of Uneratlnn.
Prlc»> V a bottle. For sale by druggists.
Wiiliifs Indian Veptallß Pills
ARK ACKNOWLEDGED UK THOUSANDS
of persons who have used them for forty
years to cure SICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS,
CONSTIPATION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stom-
ach. Flmple* and pvuvy the blood. - •..
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, FIUDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1899.
colonial success, which it Bald might well I
be described as thoroughly national and i
declaring that the Minister possessed the '
undivided, entire confidence of all the |
colonial circles in the Fatherland.
L<>NDON Nov. 9.— The afternoon
papers here express satisfaction at the
Samoan settlement. They are especially
gratified at the evidence of the continued
good feeling between the three nations.
The acquisition of Tutuila is regarded as
setting tlio seal on the expansion policy of
the I aited States and a great develop
ment of the I'nited States navy is antici
pated and welcomed.
PARIS. Nov. <i.— The Journal dos De
pats, winch finds the Samoan agreement
• very significant from the view point of
Anglo-Oerman-Amerlcan relations," says: j
Discussion ns to whether our diplomacy !
might not have been able to prevent this
Situation avails as nothing. We can only '
take note of the material fact of the ex
istence of a new and important factor in
international Jollcy."
WASHINGTON. Nov. 9.— So far the
State Department has received no official
statement of the agreement between ;
Great Britain and Germany as to Sa- !
moa. However, the officials do not doubt i
the accuracy of the press report.
Hie chief interest of the United Statfs |
in the Samoan archipelago was the pres
ervation of our rights in the harbor of
P&go Pago, a leas,- of which was secured
to us by the treaty of 1878. This did not :
give us any absolute property In the
Islahd. it was provided that It was to
remain In force for ten years from its
date, and was then terminable on twelve
months' notice by either party. By a
similar treaty in the year 1579 "the Ger
man Government had a right to the es»- !
tablishmenl of a naval station in Salua
fata harbor, Island of upolu, and in the ■
year Great Britain acquired the!
right to establish a nuv^l station on the :
shores of a Samoan harbor to be here-'
designated by the British Govern- '
ment. This privilege did not apply to the
harbors of Apia or Saluafata. nor to that ,
part of the harbor of Pago Pago to be |
hereafter selected by the Government of
■ Ited" Stairs as a station under the
treaty with Samoa.
By the arrangement recently made be
tween the Governments of the United
5, Great Britain and Germany the j
United States becomes possessed of all
the Islands of the Samoan group which
lie east pf the one hundred and seventy- '
firs* meridian of longitude. These Islands
comprise Tutuila. where is situated the
harbor of fago Pago, and further oast
Manua, Oloosinga, 0100 and Rose islands.
Outside of Tutuila in this group there is
no harbor and but one anchorage, situ
ated on the northwest side of Mnnua. In j
only one harbor for ships,
tv, exposed at all seasons;
and moreover during the period from
: ber • April, when the north winds
are prevalent, it is dangerous. In the'
Island of Upolu thtr» is no first-class
harbor. Even that of Saluafata. men
tion,-.! above, would require very consid- j
erable expenditure to make It of any
use, while th<^ Inadequacy of Apia as a
harbor was clearly shown In the terrible
destructive tempest of a few years ago.
But in the island of Tutuila. besides
five reef harbors similar to those in
v there i< ; the harbor of Pago Pago,
which is n deep and land-locked basin,
easy approach and- perfect se- |
curlty for vessels causes It to outweigh
In value all the other Islands of the
group. It is generally considered by na
val exp< rts the Qn< st harbor In the Pa
•- -an.
QUIET EXISTS IN
THE SAMOAN ISLANDS
APIA, Samoan Islands. Oct. 31, via
Auckland. N. 7. . Nov. ? Matters here
itisfactory. The various groups of
waiting the outcome of the
rep< rt of the international commission. A
niU'-h more friendly spirit than formerly
i Is being displayed.
SALOON-KEEPER HELD UP
BY TWO MASKED MEN
Forced Him to Place All His Ready
Cnsh in a Sack and Drove
Away.
COVELO, Nov. 9.— News was brought to
Covelo by the United States mall carrier
of the Overland Stage Company of a bold
hold-up at Usal, forty miles southeast
of here. Michael Freltag, a wealthy sa
loon-keeper of 1 't-al. was banqueting with
a number of his friends when two strang
ers drove up. They alighted and walked
up to the bar as if wishing refreshments.
Freltag stepped in from an adjoining
room to wait upon them, when he noticed
to his dismay that they were masked. In
a muffled voice one demanded his cash
and emphasized the request by covering
him with a revolver. The other desperate
man covered the door of the poker and
banquet room, terrifying the guests with
the careless maneuvers of his pistol.
Freitag was stunned by the unusual oc
curence, but was brought to his senses by
the stern command to be quick about pil
ing up the chsli.
To hurry him up the robber shot at- the
defenseless nun, slightly wounding him
in the left arm. This had the desired ef
fect of making Freitag place all the avail
able cash in the drawer and on the poker
tables In a sack which was handed to him
by one of the highwaymen.. They then
cautiously withdrew, backing away to
v.iird the door and to their buggy and
drove off at a keen clip. The officers of
{'sal, \Vestport and Laytonville are in
pursuit, headed by Deputy Sheriff Steven
son.
The highwaymen are reported headed
for Round Valley and are looked for all
along the line. The hold-up sensation Is
exciting the residents of all the coast and
interior towns in this section. Xo clew
to the Identity of the criminals can bo
obtained. They are apparently strangers.
DEPARTMENT DISTRUSTS
THE SHIPWRIGHTS
Believes That They Were Not Sincere
in Their Offers to Return
to Work.
WASHINGTON 1 , Nov. 9.— The Navy De- J
partment has not as yet completed In
vestigation of the wage scale for Mnrp !
Island Navy-yard. The belief at the de- 1
lent Is that the demand of the ship
wrights for an Increase from $4.20 to $4. R0
per day wap for the purpose of forcing
[he Government to accede to thHr il<?
mands and after half completing th n
work on the Hnrtford to withdraw and.
a? they thought, leave the department in ■.
the lurch.
Later three sam>» strikers were, bo the ]
department states, willliig to return to j
work at the old rate. The department '
finds, however, that the Btrlke Is more of
a benefit than otherwise, as almost all ,
tlip work at the yard is near completion.
tary Long, who arrived to-day car- j
rled all the papers in the matter to his
residence to-nlxnt, and it is probable that
a decision will be, reached by him to-mor
row.
NEW ENGINE OF WAR
RECENTLY INVENTED
Series of Kites Employed to Auto
matically Drop High Explosives
Down on the Enemy.
CHICAGO, Nov. t. — Silas J. Coyne, a
carpenter, has Invented a new Implement
irfare. The device consists of a
oi kites, supporting .i cable, upon
which a "trolley" kite is made to travel.
The trolley kite carries a bomb of high
explosive powder, which Is automatically
released. By means of specially coti-
Btructed keys, of which Mr. Coyne is the
Inventor, he claims to he able to support
a cj ■'■•■ nearly seven miles in length by
usi:.^ a number of the kites in tandem.
The traveling kite will support a weight
of more than twenty pounds, it folds au
tomatically upon releasing the homb and
returns of Its own welcrnt. Successful
prai-ticat tests are said to have been made
of the kites.
SCHOOLGIRL DIES.
Expires After Being Slapped by the
Teacher.
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. Nov. 9.—Ten-year
old Blanche Nippold, a pupil at the Morse
Public School, died at the school building
to-day following slaps and a shaking ad
ministered by her ' teacher. The child's
body was distorted, and the physicians
said she had evidently died in a-spa&m.
She was subject to spasms and had heart
disease. /•:-'■ >■;":?
♦
Irrigation Congress.
M'OnPLAXP. Nov. ft.— The Board of
| Supervisor B will go as delegates to the
I National Irrigation Congrem. C. W.
I Thomas, W. 11. Grant ana J. H. Dungan
I have been appointed as additional dele
-1 gates.
MOVEMENTS OF
AGUINALDO KNOWN
Is on His Way to Town
of Boambang.
GILMORE'S PARTY IS THERE
EFFORTS WII/L BE MADE TO
SURROUND THE CAPITAL.
Columns of G-enerals Young and
Wheaton Will Move Northward,
Following the Insur
gent Chieftain.
Special Plspatrh to The Call.
- - 1
WASHINGTON, Nov. 9.— The War De- ;
partment definitely located Agulnaldo to
day as on Ills way to the town of Boam
bang.about seventy-five miles northeast of
Tarlac. The recent calculations have been
that the insurgent leader was in thp town
of Bayambang, not far from Tarlac, in :
which case the several forces under Gen
erals Mac Arthur, Lawton, Young and
Wheaton would have had him practically j
surrounded.
There has boon some doubt, however,
as to the name Hayambang.and to-day this
was cleared up by definite information
fixing- Boambang Instead of Hayainbung
as the place 01 Agutnaldo's refuge. A
dispatch from General Otis mentioned
Boambang, and at the same time reliable
information came through other channels
that Lieutenant Gilmore and other
American prisoners were at Boamhang, in
the mountains far to the northeast of
Tarlne.
It is expected that the insurgent capital
will be shifted to Boambang, and the ef
forts of the American military forces uMil
be- directed toward that point. It is in
the mountainous country of tho north,
and apparently out of the fertile and
populous regions, where Aguinaldo thus
far has conducted his operations. It is
said to ho accessible from the south by
way of only one route, along a river
which Is a branch of the Rio Grande.
This leaves the rebel leader little or no
opportunity of communicating with the
coast or getting tn supplies. He has also
left the i allri ad behind.
It Is said at the Wnr Department that
the columns of General Young and Gen
eral Wheaton will push on to the north,
following up the insurgent leader and his
scattered forces
OTIS' REPORT OF THE
MOVEMENT OF TROOPS
WASHINGTON, Nov. 9.— The following
1 cah!psrram has been received at the War
j Department :
MAN I! A. Nov. 9.— General Wheaton
successfully landed an expedition at
Lingayen, west of Dagupan. on the after
! noon of the- 7th after a considerable op
position. The casualties were slight. The
rougji eea would not permit a landing <v
San Fabian, north of Dagupan, ac di
rected. He is moving eastward. Mac
: Arthur seized Mabalacat, onthe railroad.
; on thf 7th Inst., Colonel Bell taking the
: sanie on a directed reconnolssance. Gen
eral Ltawton is at Cabanatuan. Troops
beyond Talabera and Aliaga have met
with slight opposition, th* enemy being
driven back in all instances. The country
Is still submerged, but the water i« tail
ing. The troops will move rapidly as soon
!as conditions permit Hughes moved
; against the Pansy insurgents to-day.
WATSON COMMENDS THE
WORK OF THE NAVY
WASHINGTON, Nov. 9.— Admiral Wat
son h«s en bled the Navy Department the
following account of the- part played by
the navy in the landing made yesterday
by General Wheaton on Lingayen Gulf, in
pursuit of the plan to surround Agul
naldo'e forces:
"MANILA, Nov. 9 (Tuesday afternoon).
—The ECnox, with the Princeton. Bennlng
ton. Helena, Manila, Callao and Samar.
bombarded the Intrenched beach at San
Fabian. Lingayen, after landing Wheat
on's command. Moalo was in charge of
the boats, McNamee, Reynolds and Nel
son assisting. Snow, commanding the
Baltimore section, was beachmaster. Tho
disembarking and landing under rifle flro
was admirable. No casualties. Tappnn
nf thf t.'allao and Mustin of the Samar
are specially commended. The Samar was
struck several times."
DEATH LAYS CLAIM
TO LAWRENCE DEVANY
LAWRENCE DEVANY, president of
the Devany-Hopkins Company and
ex-Supervisor of the First Ward,
died yesterday at his residence, 403
Clayton street.
Deceased had been a sufferer for a
long time from a complication of diseases
of the stomach, liver and kidneys, which
became chronic and resulted in a dropsical
complaint. The combination of diseases
had a tendency to produce heart failure,
and sinking spells were frequent. It was
during one of these attacks that Mr. De
vany lapsed Into unconsciousness and
passed away. ■<
Lawrence Devany was well and popu
larly known among the- wheelmen of this
State. For many years he conducted a
large cyclery on Stanyan street, near the
[jaight-street entrance of Golden Gate
Park and was the representative on this
coast of many wheels of prominent make.
He was a popular member of many
cycling clubs, and took a great Interest in
their affairs, and it is due Largely to his
efforts and enthusiasm that the wheel
has reached Its present popularity on this
coast. Deceased was born In London,
England, forty-four years ago.
The funeral will take place .to-morrow
from his late residence. The Interment
■•..;: be at Mountain View Cemetery, Oak
land. _
,■» ■ ■
Just tamed, set of 12 colored mailing cards, ■
■h twins «ri«wi from nil parts of San Franciaco.
Sftii prepaid to any address for 50c by the pub
lisher, Edw. H. Mitchell, Art Stationer. 223
Tost street, San Francisco. •
Sailorinen in Vaudeville.
A unique and enjoyable entertainment
will be given by the jackies of the Hart
ford at tile Young Men's Christian Asso
, elation to-night. The best talent of the,
i ship will lend a hand, and something novel
lin the way of vaudeville is promised. The
entertainment is for the benefit of asso
ciation work on thp ship.
Gentlemen's Sodality Mass.
The entire rru mnership of the Gentlemen's
Sodality attached to St. Ignatius Church
will meet at its chapel, 214 Hayes street,
Sunday morning, November 12, and march
in procession to the cathedral, where they
will receive holy communion at the 7:30
mass, after which there will be an admis
sion of candidates and solemn reception
of new members.
NOT TO BLAME FOR
THE CHILD'S DEATH
Gripman Beggs Exonerated — Testi
mony Showed He Could Not Stop
the Car in Time.
1 Grlpman William Beggs of the Howard
I street car line was exonerated yesterday
; by the Coroner's jury from all blame in
| connection with the death of Lizzie Dun
nigan, the • 17-months-old daughter of
; John Dunnigan of 921^2 Howard street.
i The little girl was jammed under trie
fender of the car last Saturday in front
of the store kept by her mother.
The Dunnigan children- were in the habit
of playing in the street, according to the
statements of the witnesses. The little
girl got on the track so close to the car
that the gripman was unable to stop it
until the child had been pushed under
the fender.
Gripman Bees? testified that he nad
been working for the past ten years as
gripman, and that he does not use intoxi
cating liquor. On the lfith of last March
a child belonging to the same family ran
on - the track in front of the car, and he
stopped the car in time to prevent any
injury to the little one. Last Saturday he
noticed that children were playing: in '.he
street In front of Mrs. Dunnlgan's store.
He saw \he deceased about twenty feet
from the car and about seven feet from
the track, running toward the track.
He was ringing the bell at the time to
warn the other children, and as soon as
he saw Lizzie he put on the brakes with
all his force, .but the rails were slippery
with the mud and the rain and the car
did not stop until the child had been
struck by the fender. :'■':
HOTEL NYMPHIA
IN FAVOR WITH
THE GRAND JURY
Believe It Should Re
main Open.
The Hotel Xymphia is to receive a
; favorable report from the Grand Jury.
; During a long session held yesterday one
I of the subjects discussed was the notorl
i pus resort and it was the consensus of
opinion among the jurors that it was a
' necessary evil. The decision reached was
i to appoint a committee of jurymen, who
will be instructed to invite a number of
business men and liberal clergy to co
■ operate with it and thoroughly inspect
the place.
There is no dispute among the jurymen
as to the nature of the report that will
', be made. All agree that the recommenda
-1 tion will be that the place should be al
lowed to continue with certain restric
tions. It will also be suggested by the
jury that the city levy a tax on the
Nympnia's business and insist upon the
resort being conducted under rules framed
by the authorities.
Another matter that was under con
sideration was the bringing of an Indict
ment against Oscar Newhaus on a charge
of forgery made by F. Wiltsee, the mil
. lionaire mining man. While the evidence
taken by the jury was positive in Its na
ture It was impossible to get a sufficient
number of the jurymen to vote in favor
; of bringing a true bill against the ac
■ cused. But eleven of the members ex
pressed the belief that Newhaus was
; guilty, while it takes at least twelve to
i decide In favor of indicting. It is openly
charged that some undue influence has
I been brought to bear in the case
The school hoard scnndal was not taken
up at yesterday's meeting, but will be
considered at next Thursday's session. A
majority of the jurors are In favor of In
dicting the School Directors who have
I been accused of crookedness, but it Ik
: feared that the same men who voted to
save Xewhaus will allow their sympathies
to go out to the office-holders who are at
present under a cloudy
NEW STEAMERS FOR
CAPE NOME TRAVEL
STEAMER HOMER BROUGHT EN
COURAGING REPORTS.
Julian Liebes of the Alaska Explora
tion Company Discusses Possi
bilities of the New Gold
Fields.
"We have received such splendid reports
about the Cape Nome district by the
steamer Homer which arrived yesterday
morning.'" said Julian Liebes last night,
i "that the directors of the Alaska Ex
ploration Company have decided to pur-
I chase at least four passenger steamers to
i meet the exigencies of the situation. We
have been negotiating for lhi.se steamers
in a somewhat perfunctory way, not
knowing of the wonderful possibilities ill
! the new gold district, but the Homer has
j brought such encouraging advices that we
j have definitely placed the orders for th-sc
steamers, which will be first-class in
every respect. They will be of a tyoe
; never seen in Alaska before. We intend
! to nave them heavily sheathed in order
: that they may break through the Ice and
i we expect to have the first, <jn£ on the
j ground before any others are able to get
there, namely, not later than the first
week In June. - ;
"We learn that the beach at Cape
Nome, which Is about twenty-live miles in
' length, is paying prespectora from $20 a
1 day up. This year there has been taken
I out from $50,000 to $150. by Individual
! workers, who merely stripped the ground
I on Glacier, Anvil. Snow and Sweet Cakes
' creeks, and next season at least three
; times that much will be taken out. There
! scorns to be gold all over and a thousand
i claims show good prospects In colors,
; and those claims are only held by power
lof attorney- Capital will most certainly
develop them to the fullest extent. An
vil City. in the Nome District, and Coun
j cil City, on Golovir^ Bay, are both ex
j periencing a boom.
; •'There is so much gold there that in
our two stores we were positively forced
to the necessity of refusing to lake any
more. Both our safes were full and we
; were afraid to let. It lie around on i!i"
j floor. There are plenty of provisions to
', be obtained and the cargoes of two
steamers which we recently sent up there
I wore bought up at once. There has been
1 $5,00u.000 taken out of Nome district dur-
I ing three months this' year and it Is the
| opinion of the oldest and most reliable
; miners that next year three times that
i much will be taken out.
"There were six thousand people In tho
district before the winter *xodns begun
! and it is expected that at least twenty
j five thousand will go there next year.
There are two churches in the district,
one Congrayatlonal and the other Pres
byterian, both well attended. We turned
! over one of our warehouses to the pastors
i of these churches to be used as a hos
: pital during the winter. Gambling and
; danco halls are in full swing, but .hotels
j are lacking. There Is a grand opportunity
; for two enterprising hotel men to start
| a hotel, which will nil a long-felt want."
NO TEACHERS DISCHARGED.
School Board Failed to Investigate
Charges Against Pedagogues.
The Board of Education whs to have
met last night to consider incompetency
and kindred charges against a half-dozen
teachers in the department whose qualifi
cations have been brought into question.
The board, however, did not meet. Only
Eels, Brandenstein, Gedge and Bergero't
appeared., and, there being no quorum,
an adjournment was taken to next Thurs
day night.
That there will be no quorum next
Thursday is beyond the peradventure of a
doubt. The present board has made itself
popular with the teachers, and has no do
sire to do otherwise at the last moment.
Discharging teachers, for whatever rea
son. is not popular among the pedagogues,
and as the programme is now the board
will pass all such matters over to Its
successor. <
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
GOUVERNEUR MORRIS AND THE CONSTITUTION.
Copyright, 1899, by Seymour Eaton.
GREAT AMERICAN STATESMEN.
rontributrr? to tbis> course: Professor Albert Busbnel] Hart, Professor John Bach Mo-
Master, Professor Charles H. Smith, Dr. Frederic W. Spelrs, Professor Andrew C. Mc-
LauphHn and others.
IV. GrOUVENEUR MORRIS.
BY JOHN WILLIAM FKRRIN, PH.D.
Gouverneur Morris was one of the most
remarkable and admirable men of revo
lutionary tiir.t-s. If we except Benjamin
Franklin, who really belonged to a
ceding generation, none of his contempo
! rariea possessed bo many rare qualities.
| He was a distinguished statesman, a bril
liant lawyer, an able financier, an orator
of great eloquence, a philosopher and "a
fine gentleman, who had a sharp wit and
a keen sense of humor." He delighted in
the study of men, and in his Intercourse
with them was always self-possessed. He
himself has said that he "never knew the
sensation of fear, inferiority or embar
rassment." He was self-confident in his
opinions; jet James Madison tells us that
he was ever ready to surrender them
when discussion convinced him that they
had been too hastily formed.
Mr. Morris was born in 17'i2 at Morris
ania, in the province of New York. He
wan carefully educated and graduated with
honor at King's (now Columbia) College
in 1765. Then he studied law and was ad
mitted to the bar in 1771. His political
career began almost immediately. When i
GOUVERNEUR MORRIS.
but 23 years old he became a member of j
the Provincial Congress of New York, j
where hfs great abilities, prodigious in
dustry and competence !n law and politics |
soon gave him an enviable reputation. The i
extent of his knowledge of finance, in
which he was already an expert, was a
surprise to his associates. As early aa \
IT6SI he hail published anonymously -an j
able series of articles on this subject that j
had been widely read. Now the confidence
reposed in him by the Congress enabled
him to devise wars and moans for de- •
fraying the expenses of military opera
tions. In May, 1776, the Continental Con- ,
press advised the colonies to organize new
form= of government. Morris took the
lend in the debates that followed in the j
New York Congress, and in iha following
August, when the State constitution was i
made, he was a member of the commit- \
tee that drafted It.
He was elected to the Continental Con
gress In 1778. His reputation for business
capacity led Congress to honor htm on
the very day he presented his credentials
with mi appointment on a committee to
examine with General Washington into
the condition of the army. The result
was the preparation of a plan for the re
organization of the army. It was while
he was a member of this committee that
the intimate ami lifelong: friendship ex
isting between him and Washington be
gan. In the next February he was made
chairman of a committee of five "to con
sider and report" upon propositions sub
mitted by Lord North for a reconcilia
tion. In these propositions the English
Government agreed to abandon the old
and vexed question of taxation and to
send commissioners to treat with the colo
nists. The report was written by Morris
and was unanimously accepted by Con
gress. It declared that the United States
could not treat with Great Britain until
the British military and naval forces were
withdrawn and indrpender.ee recognized.
In this way the principle on which peace
was to be negotiated was determined, and
when the United States finally appointed
commissioners It was Morris who drafted
their instructions.
Mr. Morris was not returned to Con
gress when his term expired. His defeat
was due primarily to the accusation that
he had sacrificed the interests of nis
State for those of the General Govern
ment. He now took up his residence in
Philadelphia and resumed the practice of j
law. He did not remain long at the law,
however, for his intimate knowledge of
finance led Robert Morris, the Superin
tendent of Finance, to appoint him as nis
assistant. Now ho planned the first bank
of the country, which Congress incorp
orate! as the "Bank of North America,"
with a capital of 5400.000. While in this
Office, too, if Thomas Jefferson is right,
he suggested the idea of decimal nota
tion, which afterword was made the basis
of the coinage of the United States.
When the war was over he' retired to pri
vate life and again took up the practice
of law.
The Federal convention assembled May
25, 17*7. Mr. Morris had now resided In
Philadelphia for seven years, and was j
chosen as one of the delegates from Perm- j
sylvania, lie attended the whole session
except a few days in June, and entered :
with his usual zeal into the work of the :
convention. He was opposed to a de
mocracy. Probably he went farther in j
his opposition to this form of government '
than any other delegate except Hamilton,
with many of whose views he was strik
ingly in accord. He .-ought to establish a ;
vigorous central government. Ho favored
a President and a Senate for life and a |
hold suffrage. He opposed slavery
and denounced the system as a "nefarious
institution, the curse of heaven on all .ne |
States' in which It prevails."
It was .Mr. Morris who made the final
draft of the constitution. James Madison
lias said: •'The finish given to the. style
and arrangement of the constitution
fairly belongs to the pen of Mr. Morris.
A better choice could not have been made,
as the performance of the task proved.'
The talent and taste of the author were
stamped on the face of it." While the
constitution did not meet with Mr. Mor
ris' approval in all respects, he neverthe
less believed in it. A little time after the
convention bad adjourned he wrote as
follows to a gentleman in France:
Ycu will ere this have seen the constitution
proposed for the United States. 1 have many
reasons to believe that it was t,he work of plain
honest men, and such, I think. It will appear'
Faulty it must be, for what is jfcrfect? Should
it lake effect, the affairs of this country will
put on a much better aspect than they have
■jet worn, and America will soon be as much
respected abroad as she has for some time past
been disregarded.
In the struggle that followed in the
States over the ratification Hamilton in
vited Morris to become one of the writers
of the Federalist papers. His correspond
ence does not explain why he did not
accept this invitation and thus connect
his name with those famous publications;
it docs make clear, however, that it was
not from lack of Interest in the result.
Morris spent m si of the winter of
1787-88 in Virginia superintending mer
cantile affairs in which he was • gaged
with Robert Morris. The next year these
interests took him to France. He sailed
from Philadelphia December 18 and
reached Paris on February 3. He soon
became a favorite in the salons of Paris.
The revolution was now at hand, and
through his connection with Lafayette he
came into contact with the revolutionary
leaders. At first sight Talleyrand im
pressed him as a "sly, cool, cunning, am
bitious man." He quickly discerned that
the weakness of the Abbe Sieyes was his
egotism. He tells us the Abbe descanted
"with much self-sufficiency on govern
ment, despising all that had been said
or sung on. the subject before him." He
regarded Mirabeau as "the most unprin
cipled scoundrel that ever lived," and
thought, that M. Necker was without the
talent of a great minister. He declared
that Necker's financial writings "teem
with that sort of sensibility which makes
■HHHHHHHHfI tno fortune of mod
lt.'r:i romances." 'He
■did justice, however,
■ ; Mirabeau's great
H;i!'iiiti'-s. and gave
IN' i k> r much credit
Hi'"i' serving "at his
■ own expense in an
■oi'ice which others
l&rck for the purpose
■"> enriching them
■st.ives." If Morris'
■jiiiignH.-nt.s are not
■always profound,
■they are at least in
■ter< ting and nearly
■J;>l^a\>- instructive.
■Moreover, hid kn'owl
■ <-<!l,'" of men. his
■mastery of constitu
■liuinil questions and
■his competence in.
■ linance entitle his
■(>l>!ninns of the revo
■lutionary leaders and
■t!:<-' events then hap
■ ]>•■!. ing in France to
■Livnt weight. M.
■Tiiine has named
■ liitn with Rivarol,
■ .M;i!"i;.-! and Mallet
■ Pan as the four
■ i:msi competent ob-
H 1 r\ct~ of the revo
■lutk-n.
I In 1791 Morris left
■ l ; 'r;ii)<-'- and went to
Blv-. 1 . : nil to negotiate
■ with the British
HCiiviTiinr-'ii! respect
■i:^ certain articles
■< >° the treaty, of
Hi" ace that had not
llii'i'ii complied with.
B'j'm- conferences be-
Bg'<n in March and
■ (■••lit J!i.:< d without
■result till Septem
|K<r. While in Lon
don President Wash
ington appointed him Minister to France.
He held this office til! August, 1794, when
he was succeeded by James Monroe.
The latter years of Mr. Morris" life were
as useful as his earlier career. - fter his
recall from Paris he made an extensive
tour throughout Europe. He visited the
various capitals and made many valu
able acquaintances with statesmen ai.l
other distinguished men. While in
Vienna he made strenuous efforts tor the
release of Lafayette, who was then con
fined in the fortress of Olmutz. Latfe in
the year 179S he returned to the United
States. /He had been absent ten years,
and he was received, he says, s if he
were "not an unwelcome guest in his
native country." Soon after his return
a vacancy occurred in the United States
Senate from New York ' and lie was
elected to nil it. His term extended from
May 3, 1800, to March 4. 1803. When Jef
ferson became President Morris went to
Washington "'determined to support the
administration" if he could do so
honestly." But Jefferson's message dis
pleased him; convinced that the Presi
dent's purpose was "the destruction of
the General Government." he united with
the Federalists, The Democrats were es
pecially hostile to the Federal courts, and
in the session of ISOI-1802 they determined
to peal the judiciary act. A motion for
this purpose was made in the Senate on
the Sth of January. Morris made two
speeches against it— one on the day it was
introduced and the other six days later.
For the remainder of the sessio.i he
worked diligently on- various Senate bids.
He opposed the repeal of the internal
taxes, and "labored hard over the proper
steps to be taken respecting the repeal
of the judiciary.'' In the next Congress
he favored the purchase of Louis
and save this measure of the administra
tion his support.
When his term in the Senate expired
he retired to Morrisartia. For the re
mainder of his life he occupied himself
In agriculture and in the management of
his ample fortune. He still retained',
however, a lively interest in public af
fairs, and when New York's great canal
project was proposed he became one of
its most active advocates. In 1810 the
State Legislature appointed seven com
missioners to explore the proposed route.
Morris was a member of the commission;
he was elected its chairman, and held
the office till his death. Late 'n his life
he was married to Anne Gary Randolph.
The ceremony took place at Morrisania
on Christmas day, 1909. Mr Morris lived
but seven years longer. He died Novem
ber 6, 1816. at the age of 64. It is -aid
that on the day -of his death le asked
concerning the weather; when he was
told that the day was beautiful ms mind,
like Daniel Webster's, turned to Gray's
"Elegy," and he replied: "A .-•eaut.'.ful
day, yes, but
"Who, to dumb forgetfulness a prey.
Thin pleasing, anxious being e'er resigned.
Left the warm precincts of the cheerful day.
Nor cast one longing, llng'ring look behind?"
O -*- tr.*4JU4L+ — c v/v,^^
Adelhort College of Western Reserve
University.
COURSES OF INSTRUCTION.
Autumn-Winter Term, 1899-1900.
MONDAYS and THURSDAYS:
Popular -Studies in Shakespeare.
TUESDAYS: The World's Great
Artists.
WEDNESDAYS: Desk Studies for
Girls and Shop and Trade Studies for
Boys.
FRIDAYS: Great American States
men. .
SATURDAYS: Home Science and
Household Economy.
These courses will continue until
February 15, 1900.
Examinations will be held at their
close as a basis for the granting of
certificates.
No More "John Does."
Since tht> exposure of the manner In
which "William li B ■ his Identity in
transit fr.mi the deceiving Hospital to
the County Hospital, Into which institu
tion he was admitted aa "John Doe." and
after his death was placed In the pickle
vat, Dr. Thomas D. Maher. the resident
physician of the City and County Hospi
tal, has given instructions to his subor
dinates to receive no patients coming
from the Receiving Hospitals unless
same ho accompanied by a card stating
the name and nature of the injuries which
had been treated by the hospital physi
cian into whose care the patient was
given.
Fn the case of Hops: there was nothing:
tn show whn the man wfts or where he
came from other than that he came from
the Receiving Hospital.
New Trunks and Valises for fall and
holiday trade are here. Sanborn, Vail &
Co. •
78
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Shipment of $~6,8i8 to China.
■ advanced again. Nothing new in Exchr.
teat lower, both on and off call.
. :r grains remain as previously quoted,
ns quiet, but firmly held. Bayos advanced again,
ge arrival of Flaxseed from Washington.
Hum Hay lower. Dry Alfalfa selling higher.
tables as previously quoted. River Potatoes weaker
ter still depressed, but no lower.
Eastern <eak and ranch Eggs scarce and firm.
Poultry continues to improve under moderate supplies.
Game too high for any profit at retail.
Oranges continue to weaken. Fresh Mexican Limes arrived.
Wine Grapes out of market at the moment.
All Dried Fruits firm except Prunes.
Xo further iluin^e in Provisions.
. rs complain of the dullness in Hops.
Wool in active movement and firm.
vtinue firm and active. Tallow wea
market stands the same.
■:: cd coinage of the Mints.
Charters
- —
The Marie . .'.'rid was chartered prior to
arrival for wheat to Europe, 329 M.
Treasure Shipment.
The China took cut a treasure list of $76,R35,
consisting of $16.1f-S In Mexican liars, $4740
In pold coin, 156,000 in silver bullion «nd $W0
In I'eruvian soles.
Coin Certificates.
The Government coin certificates In circula
tion October 31 were as follows:
Gold $33 1 H<909 J127.593.'519
Silver 3?U77.575 894.976,239
Treasury 'j€,569,750 55,593,5!?4
Total .5T.23.086.26* $111,463,652
Coinage of the Mints.
The cranage of the United States for the
calendar year to date Is as follows:
Double eagles $67,111,880 00
Kagles 14,853,470 00
Half eagles. . 15, 265.0.V) 00
Quarter eagles 217 50
Standard dollars 18.112 OT
Half dollars 3,347.463 0)
<}uart-r dollars 3.343.129 75
Dimes 1.759.80120
Cents 231. 542 64
Total ten months $120,020.237 69
In IS9B 51, 472.230 69
This shows an Increase for this year of
138,548,000. The Increase represents $33,743,000 in
cold and $4,560,000 in silver. Including $2,000,000
In. standard dollars.
The Hay Market.
The circular of Somers & r*n. fpits of Hay:
"Receirts of Hay for the past week amount
to pomething less than 3000 tons, somewhat
more than for the week preceding. Damaged
Hay still continues to arrive quite freely an.l
sells it about th( tame price as before. The
demand for good, sound Hay 13 quite brisk,
a: d because of this the warehoused are being
broken Into Quite freely In order to supply
the demand.
••Or. all this Hay there Is extra expense In
the way of storage. Insurance, etc., and must
be sold here for at least enough to pay this
expense. Other than this advance we note no
change In prices. It would be almost Impos
sible for prices to advance materially, for If
such a thing should liappen immediately ship
ments would become very heavy and in all
probability prices would drop back again.
"The demand In the country for cars for the
shipment of produce has lessened somewhat:
thus we note the arrivals of Hay by rail are
somewhat heavier than they have been for
several weeks past.
"Arrivals of Alfalfa during the week have
been quite light, only about 400 tons corning
In. Quite a little of this was damaged and
Eold for low figures, hut the sound Hay went
very easily and at good ; rices We think
that a cargo of choice Alfalfa In good, sound
condition would bring ?? per ton on our mar
ket to-day. The demand for sound -Alfalfa
!s very good, but It Is with much difficulty
that the wet and damaged Hay Is worked off."
New York Money Market.
SAID TO BE HAMTERED BY LAWS CON
TROLLING THE LEGAL RESERVES.
The New York* circular of Henry Clews says:
• "nankin? opinion very generally Inclines to
the conclusion that the fall return to ease
will bo much later this season than In ordinary
ye.-irs. From such symptoms as are In slffht
bankers doing an Interior business are expect
ing little lending below 6 per cent between
now and the flrFt of January- Unusual causes
are at work in the money market.' the breadth
and for<-e of which It Is not easy to measure.
Fomethlns more than the movements Incident
to this crop seas have to be calculated upon.
Crodlt operations have been radically influenced
by the industrial revolution incidental to the
great trust creations of the last tan months.
Since January 1 corpo rations with a total of
no less than }2,000,000,000 of capital Issues have
been organized. D ■•■ transformations have
V.i?en attended with Immense temporary dislo
cations of capital. The negotiations have In
volved large loans destined" to run until the
new Issues have been distributed and until
the underwriters have effected their liquida
tions. The national banks have doubtless par
ticipated to but a very small extent In these
operations: but many of the trust companies,
private bankers and other financial Institutions
have probably made advances to the ext«*nt
of hundreds of millions of dollars, with the
consequence that these credit resources are
lorKfly withheld from uses to which they or
dinarily contribute at thin season of the year.
In addition to this special employment of
credit the. demand for the ordinary purposes
of business has far surpassed all precedent.
The extraordinary development Id. our manu
factures, our farming, our mining and our ex
porla has placed an extraordinary pressure
upon the credit resources of the country.
There is a" limit to the extent to which this
sudden vast expansion of our credit require
ments can be promptly ponded to. It is
not merely that we have no power to expand
our currency proportionately to these enlarged
wants. Restriction falls equally upon the much
larger clr.ss of credit operations that are car
ried on without the employment of money— '
the ordinary loans and discounts of the banks,
which are placed under sharp limitations by
the banking laws. The ability of the banks
to lend is regulated by the amount of lawful
money they can control as reserve against their
df-poslts; and yet the activity of the retail
trad" and the Increased requirements for pay
ment of wages are keeping the greenbacks
and gold in active circulation outside the
banks. Had we an elastic bank currency sys
tem, which would enable the banks to dis
tribute their notes under conditions like these
instead of paying out their reserve money we
ehould have a twofold source of relief which
we have not now ln the first place a. larger
resource of retail circulation and In the next
p!a.-<» a larger ability of the banks to discount.
It '.bus appears that the prevailing stringency
la due, more than anything else, to the legal
mitrictions. upon banking operations and to
tln> artificial regulation of our currency sys
tem. How far the Injury from these restraints
Will be further developed under the present
conditions It Is difficult to definitely Indicate.
It seems only too possible that some Interests
ji.ay suffer which, under freer conditions,
might safely and properly be accommodated.
The nature and causes of the stringency are
not suggestive of early relief and make urgent
uppea! to Congress for the earnest considera
tion of these credit and currency questions."
Weather Report.
.(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 9, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal ralnfoJla U):
date as compared with those of the same date
last season, and rainfalls in last 34 hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 hours, season, season.
Eureka . 0.32 7.96 4.02
Red Bluff 0.50 4.10 O.HI
Sacramento 0.34 5.06 1.00
San Francisco 0.12 1.32 1.92
Fresno 0.32 2.46 1.15
■ 0.00 0.37
win Luis Obispo.V.V.'.V.*."! 0.24 4.24 0.53,
Los Angeles 0.00 1.57 O.IS
San Diego 0.00 0.42 0.07
Yuma 0.( 0. 18 0.18
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
66; minimum, cS: mean. 62.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure continues low over the northern
half of the Paclnc Coast. There are some in
dications that the art-a of l^w pressure over
lying the North Pacific at this season has
moved southeasterly. Rain has fallen over
the entire coast north of the Tehachapl and
west of the Rocky Mountains. A maximum
wind velocity of 4S niiies ;>er hour from the
southeast Is reported at Fort Canby.
The temperature Is about 11 degrees above the
normal In t)i« San Joaq Valley.
Forecast .made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight November 10. 1S89:
Northern California— Showers Friday; cooler
in the San Joaquin Valley; fresh southeasterly 1
winds.
Southern California— Clouily Friday, prob
ably showers; westerly, changing: to southerly,
" Nevada-Showers Friday.
Nevada— Showers Fri lay.
Utah— Showers Friday.
Arizona— Showers Friday.
San Francisco and vicinity — with j
showers Friday; brisk southeasterly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Oificial.
EASTERN MARKETS
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. 9.— A general disposition
to liquidate In speculative holdings whs mani
fest In the stock market to-day. Early in the
day strength was manifested which was due
primarily to the hisher quotations cabled from
London, an.l which was aided by strength In
special stocks, but the growing: stiffness of
money and the total absence of any outside
buying demand discouraged the bull element
and they were Kellers of the whole list as the
day advanced. The weakness of slocks was
very well distributed, except for the tpeeial
collapse in Leather, and affected all depart
ments of the list. The declines in industrials
and in the specialties are rather greater, be
cause the commitments for the long accounts
In those stocks were larger. There was heavy
. Eelllng throughout the railroad list, and a large
number of prominent stocks in that depart
ment show immediate declines of a noint or
upward. In the special the average runs
between 1 and 2 points in the leading stocks.
An execution should be made of the iron and
steel stocks, several of which offered rood re
sistance to decline. Steel and Wire and Ameri
can Hoop were examples. Attention was al
most wholly centered in the money market out
look. The continuing demands on the New j
, York banks are regarded as foreshadowing a '
still further decrease in the propurtion ol cash
reserves in the next bank statement. The em
phatic utterances of the Treasury officials
against any further measures of relief by the
Government dissipated the hopes that were
prevalent In Wall street yesterday. As the
banks have lost already to the Bub-Treasury
• thing like $3,000,000 since last Friday, the
attitude of the trade is Important. Shipments
by the New York banks to their interiur cor
resoondents ore reported to be on as large a
scale as last week. New York exchange at Chi
cago fell again to-day to 10 cents discount,
compared with 10 cents premium at the open-
Ing of the week. The continued expansion in
the Interior need for money and the absorption
by the Treasury by means of the surplus In the
revenues is met by the calling in of loans
placed In the stock market on stock collateral.
There was a sharp fall In sterling exchange
to-day partly due to the firmer local money
market and partly to an Increased supply of
cotton bills, which are now coming forward in
larger volume. But the weekly statement of
the Bank of England phowing a progressive
decline In the proportion of reserve to liability
precludes the hope of relief from that quarter.
The recuperation shown by the Bank of France
In Its weekly statement relieves apprehension
of the immediate rise In that Institution's rate
i of discount, but this is small palliation for
, the generally hardening tendency of the world's
money market. Th» closing of the stock mar
i ket was easy and near the low price of the day
■ for most stocks. An Incident of the day was
I he demand for silver certificates at a sharp
advance.
The bond market was weak In sympathy with
stocks. Total sales. par value, 12.530,000.
United States old fours advances *4 and the
new fours and fives registered M In the bid
price. The twos declined M. -";
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— . • Bid.
2.400 Atchlson 2?
53,2r,0 Atchlson prefd ...-■ 6o
450 Baltimore & Ohio 61VS
Canadian Pacific 95
100 Canada Southern 53
6 200 Chesapeake and Ohio 2~%
8.G12 Chicago & Great Western r,\
23 f.fiO Chicago, Burlington & Quincy l!l*i
800 Chic Ind & Louis 12
125 Chic Ind & Louis prefd 43
&00 Chic & East Illinois 95 W,
Chic & Northwestern IC7
4.940 Chic Rock Island & Pac 113%
B.6'"K> C C C & St. Louis 694
4,665 Colorado Southern 64
450 Colorado South Ist | refd 474
67:. Colorado South 2d prefd — 184
4,270 Del & Hudson 120
1.400 Del Lack & Western 189%
300 Denver & R O 21
700 Denver & R G prefd 744
210 Erie 18%
500 Erie Ist prefd 37
1,020 Great Narthem prefd 174 Vi
300 Hocking Coal 18
Hocking Valley 30%
1,080 Illinois Central 114*4
100 lowa Central 134
110 lowa Central prefd 684
300 Kan City Pitts & Gulf 94
Lake Erie ft Western IS
Lake Erie & Western prefd 79
Lake Shore 198
9,750 Louisville Xc Nashville 85%
4,615 Manhattan L '. lf-G'i
3.406 Metropolitan St Ry 193%
. 760 Mcx Cent 13
100 Minn & Et Louis 71
j Minn & St L prefd 74
17.260 Missouri Pacific 4SVi
! Mobile & Ohio 45
400 Missouri. Kan & Texas 1214
1.200 Missouri Kan & Texas prefd 384
2.460 New Jersey Central 123
2,l"0 New York Central 1364
C.250 Norfolk & Western 26>A
64." Norfolk & Western prefd 70«
13.110 Northern Pacific C4'4
1.700 Northern Pacific prefd 76
7.300 Ontario & Western 28*4,
Oregon Ry & Navigation 42
Oregon Ry & Navigation prefd 76
2,615 Pennsylvania 130
100 Reading 20* i
6,040 Reading Ist prefd fisu
1.050 Reading M prefd 3]!,
Rio Grande Western 371,4
.' Rio Grande Western prefd $s ~
240 St Louis & San Francisco n
St L & S F Ist pr»fd 704
Ft L & 8 F 2.1 prefd 384
400 St Louis Southwestern 12«1
1.400 St Louis Southwestern prefd 81
13.660 St Paul » 12154
Aaß E - ; P(WJ ? rtt s CMHMHBsMißMlttvttl {
THE SAN AN CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1399.
St Paul & Omaha US
93.721 Southern Pacific 40H
2.950 Southern Railway 13%
6,6.0 Southern Railway prefd K6%
2.025 Texas & Pacific 18%
17,350 Union Pacific 47%
C.310 Union Pacific prefd 76
220 Wabash 8%
500 Wabash prefd 22%
5.050 Wheeling & L E mi I
§5,950 W & L E 2d prefd 30%,
320 Wisconsin Central 19%
Express Companies —
Adams 115
100 American US
United States 48
Wells Fargo 127
Miscellaneous
1.370 American Cotton Oil 44%
American Cotton Oil prefd 95
400 American Malting 12%
530 American Malting prefd 47%
1,200 American Smelting & Her 36
1,600 American "Smelting & Ref prerd 87
100 American Spirits "... 4%
American Spirits prefd 17
7,500 American Steel Hoop : 44%
, 1,400 American Steel Hoop prefd 83%
25.120 American Steel & Wire ■ . 4S l i I
I.OXO American Steel A Wire prefd 94
620 American Tin Plate : 33
66S American Tin Plate prefd 82%
17,610 American Tobacco 120
... American Tobacco prefd 143
2,550 Anaconda Mining: C 0.., 46
50.350 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 87
1.050 Colorado Fuel & Iron 54%
6.650 Continental Tobacco 41*4
"CO Continental Tobacco prefd 91
25.425 Federal Steel 57%
1,562 Federal Steel prefd 78}*
SOO General Electric. 120%
€00 Glucose Sugar 49
100 Glucose Sugar prefd 99 |
S2O International Paper 26% :
200 International Paper prefd 70%
260 Laclede Gas 77
- Biscuit 411*;
National Biscuit prefd 96 ;
220 National Lead 25%
National Lead prefd 115
2,700 National Steel 4S :
National Steel prefd 94
New York Air Brake 147%
1.179 North American ' 12% !
600 Pacific Coast 51% !
........ Pacific Coast Ist prefd SS ;
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 67 !
4,700 Pacific Mail 40*;
8.050 People's Gas 113%
2QO Pressed Steel Car 57
Pressed Steel Car prefd 89%
Pullman Palace Car 194
5.466 Standard Rope & Twine 10% ;
49.450 Sugar 154 ;
Ifhrrr.. Sugar prefd 117%
4.530 Tennessee Coal & In 117%
133.455 United States Leather 25%
6,115 United States Leather prefd 78%
470 United State* Rubber 4*
United States Rubber prefd 112:
--1,089 Western Union SSH
700 Republic Iron & Steel 24:
400 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 69%
P C C & St Louis 74
SI tr 3 £ M
CLOSING BONDS.
1" S 2s reg 100% M X & T 2ds 70\i i
Do 3s res 10$ I Do 4s 93 :
Do 3s coup 10S X V i • lsts 11254
Do new 4s reg - ■••» N .1 C gen 5s 119%
Do new 4s coup..l2?VN Carolina 6s 127 '
Do old la reg.... 11214 Do 4s 104
Do old ■- c0up. ..1121, N Pacific lsts 113
! >.. 5s res 110%] Do 3s 6.V4
Do 5s c0up.... ....11l Do 4s 101%
Dist of Col 3.655... N V C & St L .105%
Ala class A 109 N & W con 4» 92
Do class B 110 Do gen 6s 133
1 ... class C 101 Or Nay lsts 108
Do currency 100 ■ Do 4s 103%
Atchfson FT^n 45.... 99 Or Short Line 53..12 .'
Do adj 4s S2 I Do con 5s 114%
Canada So 2ds losMi • l ling gen 4s 87
Ch.-s & Ohio 4%5... 95%|R G \V lsts 96%
Do 5f 116 st J> AI M con Bs.llfl
Chi & N con 7s 145 Si L& S F gen 65. 124%
Do S F deb 55....11S St Paul cons 16$
Chicago Term 45... 9? St PC & P 15t5... 120
D &IR/3 lsta 100% St P C &- P 5s 120%
D o 4- (8% So Railway os 168
ETV & G lsts 103*^ Stand R ,<: T6s 83
Erie gen 4s 71 Term new set 35... 94
F W & D C lsts... SO% Texas A Pac 15t5. .113%
Gen Electric 5s 119 j Do Ms 55
G)Hf&!S'A 65.... 110 I' Pacific 4s 103%
Do 2ds 109% I Wabash lsts 115
II & T C 5a ill Do 2ds l"°
Do con 6s 110 West Shore 4s 113%
lowa Central 15t5.. 113 Wis Central lsts... 75
KCP&G lsts 71% Va Centuries SI
i La new con 4s 106 | Do deferred 5
! L & N unl 4s 99% Colo So 4s 85.
MINING STOCKS.
Chollnr 20; Ontario « m
Crown Point in • >phlr 4S
Con Cal & Vi I 25 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 65 Quicksilver 175
I Gould & Curry 21 'Quicksilver prefd 70*
H.ile eft Norcross.. 27! Sierra Nevada 31
Homestake 6i On : Standard 2 75
Iron Silver - ,< Union Con 24
Mexican 12 (Yellow Jacket 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— iWestlnghouse E1... 65
Call loans 6 jtVls' Central 19%
Time loans ... ■•" I lorn Coal 46%
Stocks — Ilium Coal prefd. ...llS
A T & S F 22 Bonds—
AT & s F prefd.. 65 Atchison 4s 98%
| American Sugar. ..1.">4 Gen Electric 5s 115%
1 Am Sugar prefd. ..117% Mining Shares—
Bell Telephone ...363 Adventure 6%
l?o«ton & Albany.2ss Allouez Mining Co. S%
I lioston Elevated... 106% i Atlantic 27
; Boston & Maine.. 206 !'■ iston s Montana.32o
| Cligo Bur & Q....131%!8utte i- 805t0n.... 95
Fltchburg prefd. ...120 ;Calumet & Hecla.." 1 -"
| Genera Electric ..121% Centennial 24
! Federal Steel 57 Franklin IS%
1F- I Steel prefd 79 Humboldt 1%
■ Mexican Central .. 12"» Osceola 83%
i Mich Telephone. ...J»j Parrot 43%
Old Colony 208 iQuincy 151
■ Old Dominion 30 'Santa Fe Copper... B>4
i Rubber 47^ j Tamarack 213
i Union Pacific 47', 4 Wln.>na 8%
I Union Land IK [Wolverines 43
j West End 93 Utah 36%
j West End prefd.. ..115 I
Next York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. 9.— Money on call. 4VI per
; cent; last loan, 6; ruling rate. 10. Prime mer
cantile paper. 5@5% per cent. Sterling ex
change weak with actual business in bankers'
' bills at $4 56%@4 86% for demand and at $4 81%
©4 82% for sixty days; poeted rates. $4 S3%@
4 87%: commercial bills, $4 81%@4 92. Silver cer-
t ificates, 59%'260%c. Bar silver, 58% c. Mexican
dollars 47% c. Government bonds. Irregular.
State bonds. Inactive. Railroad bonds, weak.
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 9. — To-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $255,925,431; Bold reserve,
. 772.472.
London Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. 9.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
j The markets here were slack during moat of the
session, but cleared firm except In the American
: department. Securities In i the department
I reached parity, and were bought rather vigor
ously for some time. Business In them then
dwindled to small proportions until word came
of the steady relapse in New York, accompanied
by pales from that clty^ This caused a decline,
and the close was at the worst. Southern Pacific
being the feature. Tlntos were 16 11-16; Ana
condas 9%. Silver closed at 27 3-18 don Chinese
i demand. The Bank of Bombay has reduced Its
) discount rate from 7 to 6 per cent.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Nov. 9.— Canadian Pacific. 97%;
Onion I'aoiftc prefprred. 7S?i; Northern Pacific
red. TS; Atchison, 23V»: Grand Trunk., "%;
■■I. Bar silver, firm. 27 3-16 d. Money,
'-'ont.
New York Grain And Produce.
NEW YORK. Nov. 9.— FLOUR— Receipts,
44,351 barrels; exports, 8532; sales, 0.000 pack
ages. Market easy. Heavy transactions for
South Africa reported on private terms, ru
mored a shade under quotations. One concern
bought 66.000 packages.
WHEAT — Receipts. 93,425 bushels: sales,
8,200,000 bushels futures. 408.000 spot. Spot,
firm; No. 2 red, 74c f. o. b. afloat: No. 1 North
ern Duluth. 77% cf. o. b. afloat to arrive new;
No. 2 red, 72c elevator. Options opened weak
at a decline of \i@%c under cables and selling
for foreign account and further declined Vt@%c
under local liquidation In the absence of out
side support and In anticipation of a bearish
Government report to-morrow. Closed easy
at a net decline of %©»£ c. March closed at
76% c; May, 76%®-76=!;c, closed 76% c; December.
72 S-16@72%c, closed 72% c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES—
WOOL— Dull.
METALS— To-day* » metal market was differ
ent from those of late In that It was weak
The entire list was depressed all day under ur
gent offerings and under unfavorable news from
all quarters. Buyers procrastinated throughout
At the close the Metal Exchange called:
PlGlßON— Warrant* easy, with sellers at
$16. ■*
LAKE COPPER— DuII at $17.
TlN— Weak and unsettled at J29@29 37%.
LEAD— Unchanged at $4 60@4 65. The brokers'
price for lead Is »4 40 and for copper $17
SPELTER— Weak at U 65@4 75.
COFFEE— Option* closed firm at a net gain of
20®'25 points. Sales, 37,750 bags. Including*
December. |5 60®8 70; January, JS 60@>5 70; EN
man-. $R «fi: March, $5 70©6 SO: April. $5 SO;
May. |S7SeSB6; July, $5 90®6; August. f.M«
6; September. $5 95©6 10. Spot coffee— Rio. firm.
No. 7 invoice. (%c; Xo. 7 Jobbing, 6"sc; mild,
firm; Cordova, 6%011%c. " ... 
SUGAR— Raw steady; fair refining, 3 13-160,
centrifugal. 96 test 4* r>-16c ; molasses sugar.
3 9-16e; refined steady. __
BTTTER-Receipts, 3060 parkagM. Firm
Western creamery. lS©lsc; June creamery, lalff
K%c; facti.rj- i : ,
EXJGS -Hecelpts77l7s packages. Western un
graded at mark. 14©19% c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRVIT.
California dried fruits firm.
EVAPORATED APPLES - Common. «527 .
prime wire tray, 7%©Be; choice, 8 1 ,
fancy, >
PRUNE»-a%®Bo. , 11MMB 
APRICOTS—Royal 13@15c; Mc>rpark,
PEACHES— PeeIed tO@22c; unpeeled, 7H r 3loo.
Chicago Grain Market.
\ CHICAGO, Nov. 9.-The weakness of Liver
pool was the paramount factor in the open-
Ing of wheat. Initial prices were unchanged
from yesterday's close. December at 6S l i' 368 I sio |
] and May at 72% c, but sellers were In the ma- j
1 jority and the price eased off to 87%0 for De-
I cember and 71Mi72c tor May. Shorts and those
: trying to protect puts got into action at these j
figures and their buying forced an advance, j
December climbing to SB%c and May to rzc.
The Increase in stocks and the lack of foreign
demand added to the Influence of Liverpool
: were too much for the market to hold up
i under, however. Liquidation became quite ,
i general and the price sagged to a point lower
: than at any time during the present decline.
December slumped to G7V"'"-\c and May to
71% c Late In the session the strength of corn
and good export engagements at New lorK
brought better support to the market. At tne
bottom figures shorts became active buyers ana
December advanced to 68%@68%C and May to
72c bid. at which it closed.
Trading during most of the day was with
-1 out animation. Statistics were generally bear
ish. The Price Current said winter wheat was
; doing well; although Ohio and Michigan re- :
ported some Inroads made by the Hessian n>. j
! Com held Its own well throughout the scs
i sion, save for a little weakness With wheat at
i the opening. The bull feature was the ab
i sence of country offerings. December closed
at 31>4ir-SlHc. May closed at 82% c asked.
Sympathy with corn and some buying; by
; shorts held oats firm. December closed at ZZVt
i Provisions-Hogs at the yards were 6 cents
, higher, a fact to which was due the strength
: in provisions. Trading was extremely dull and
fluctuations were within a narow range, me
close was a a gain «if 2»ic all around.
[ The leading futures ranged_as follows:
; Articles. OiTen. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— „ „,,
! December o :.^ 68% OU 67% «*
j May 72% 72% 71S .2
I Corn No. — „,, „.,
1 December 31% 31% 81% 31%
! S^.::::::::::::: 30^4 ik 3W4 X
j May 32% 32% 32% 82%
| Oats No. 2— 22% 22* „, 22 %
December 22% 22% 22% 22^8
May 23% 24 23% 24
Mess Pork, per bbl— „ „„,,
December..... 8 20 8 25 8 20 8 22%
i January 9 72% 976 9 72% 9,2%
May... 980 9 82% 980 980
I Lard, per 100 lbs —
December 505 5 07% 505 5 oi%
January 525 * 27% 525 ■' 27%
May 540 5 42% 540 6 42%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs
December..... I 92% 495 4 92% 495
January 600 5 02% 500 5_02%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour easy;
No. 3 Spring Wheat. 62^64%c; No. 2 Red, 68U0
B9c; No. 2 Corn, S2@32&c; No. 2 Oats. 22 i i'iT23Uc:
No. - White 25%@26%c; No. 3 White, 2l%@2Gc:
No. 2 Rye. 52c; No. 2 Barley. :■> i 13c; No. 1
Flaxseed, $127%; Prime Timothy See<l, $2 3H@
146; Mess Pork, per v >!. $7 750« 25: Lard, per
100 lbs. $f> 07%«5 17M.; Short-Ribs Sides, loos*.
I ': Ss©s 30; Dry Salted Shoulders, boxed 5%@
i 5%c: Short-Clear Sides, boxed, $5 20<g6 23;
Whisky, distillers' finished --is. per gal.,
! $1 28%. .
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour bbls 27. 000 16.000
Wheat bu 169.0"0 10.000
I Corn, bu 251.000 324,000
! Oats, bu 312.0«'0 205.000
: Rye. bu 8,000 4.000
Barley, bu 104.000 9.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; Creamery, 15@24c; Dairy. 14ff
■ 21C. Cheese, steady, U%'iJl2V;c. Eggs, firm; ]
j Fresh. ISc.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat- Dec. Mar. May.
Opening 5 10% 5 ll«i 6%
Closing 5 10% 5 11% CUV
PARIS.
Wheat Nov. Mar.-June.
Opening 17 95 19 05
Closing 17 90 IS 90
o £n| U n 724 15 25 40
■ ■ ling 24 15 25 40
Closing ..... 23 90 25 20
California Fruit Sales.
NEW T< IRK, Nov. 9.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales of California Fruits to-day: Grapes
I 96 single - rates; Red Em
peror il So@2; i luster, '
Persimmons— sl®l SO. Two carloads of Fruit
were sold to-day.
CHICAGO Nov. 9. — ThP Earl Fruit Com
pany's Ulfornla Fruit to-day: Grapes
—Emperor S9oc@sl 66 sine;.- crates; Ferrera, 75c
. Corntchon. J2 10 double crates. Five car
loads of Fruit were sold to-day.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Nov. 9.— Cattle— Strong to 10c
higher; beeves generally 25c higher than last
week". Butchers' stock, firm; good to choice.
1 $6 BO@6 60; poor to medium. $4 40@5 70; mixed
mockers, ?3g3 SO; selected feeders. »4 2004 60;
good to choice cows, $3 fiof?4 50; heifers, J3@B 15;
I canners, Jl 76® 2 60; bulls, $2 si"a 4 50; calves.
$4®7 25; fed Texas beeves. $4}?5 50; grass Texas
steers. $3 2594; Western range beeves, $4(§5 30.
Hogs— Market Be higher early; closed easy;
good clearance. Mixed and butchers', $4 05®
4 35: good to choice heavy, $4 15@4 35; rough
' heavy, J 3 90®4 05; light, J4@4 27%; bulk of sales,
i $4 1504 30.
Sheep— Market steady. A lot of 748 fed West
[ crn lambs sold at $5 50; native wethers. S3 7»@
14 75; lambs. $4<54 50: Western wethers, 14134 50;
Western lambs. $4 7.V2f5 50.
Receipts— Cattle. 7000; hogs, 27,000; sheep, 12,
--«00.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Nov. Wheat continues dull
and lifeless. A Email lot of No. 1 Walla Walla
was sold to-day at 63c, but this price will not
bring out very much Wheat, and even lc more,
which is reported bid, has but little effect in
starting a movement. With docks and ware
houses filled with Wheat, ships are needed
much worse than Wheat.
Cleared— Ship Kate Thomas, for Queenstown,
with 91,133 bushels Wheat; ship Blytheswood.
for Algoa Bay, with 86.635 bushels Wheat.
Foreign Wheat, shipments /mm Portland for
the week ending to-day were 392, 154 bushels.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Nov. 9.— Wheat— Club, 52Hc; Blue
Stem, 54c.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Nov. 9. — Exchanges, $433,420;
balance*. $27,443.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Nov. J.— Consols, 104^104^. Silver,
27>Tid. French Rentes, lOOf 30c(gl00f 22% c!
Wheat cargoes off coast, buyers Indifferent
operators; cargoes on passage, easier but in
some demand: English country markets, quiet
LIVERPOOL, Nov. 9.— Wheat, dull: wheat in
Paris, weak; flour in Paris, weak; French coun
try markets, quiet
COTTON-Uplands, 4 7-32 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot No. 1 Northern spring, dull
6s. Futures, dull; December, 5s 10»id; March'
68 U»sd; May. 5s ll^d.
CORN— Spot American mixed new. steady, 3s
Cd; American mixed old and new. steady, 3s 6d
Futures— November, steady. 3s %d: December
quiet, Ss 6%d; January, quiet, 3s o%d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 83
Sterling Exchange, sight . — 4 S7M>
Sterling Cables — 4 B*M.
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12VJ
Mexican Dollars 48 4SVi
Fine Silver, per ounce — BSTi
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The downward tendency continues
and prices are lower again, t'Oth on and off
call.
Liverpool was lower and Chicago al?o de
clined, though there was a recovery at the
close. The Price Current reported a favorable
■week for the growing: grain. Foreigners sold
option* trttiy on tUo New York market. Tb«.
demand at Chicago was moderate and chiefly
against puts. The elevators bought December
and sold May. There were no shippers In the
market. There was no support to the market
and operators saw nothing to prevent a further
' SPOT Wheat— Shipping. $1 02V4@l 03%; mill
ing, $1 O7HOI 10.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Sesslon-9:15 o'clock— May— 4ooo ctls.
HUH; 46,000 $1 13%. December— 2ooo, II 08%:
80;000. $1 06; 20,000, $1 08%. .
Second Session— l4,ooo ctls. $1 13%; l*.00«.
$1 12' - December— lo,ooo. $1 06; 2000. $1 O.V*.
Regular Morning Session— December-20C0Q
ctls. $1 06%; 20,000, $1 06. May— 4ooo, $1 13%;
24.000, $1 13Vi. „__ ..
Afternoon Session — December— Cooo ctls,
$1 06%. May— 2ooo. $1 13%.
BARLEY— The situation has not changed for
some time. The demand Is nothing here in
the city, but there' Is a steady movement for
shipping In the country, and we have exported
more Barley than Wheat thus far this year.
The exports since July 1 amount to 1,797,911 ctls,
valued at J1.579.346, while the wheat exports
foot up only P66.954 ctls. <.;•--■.-
Feed, 75®S5c; Brewing and shipping grades,
So@9sc; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Sesston-9:15 o'clock-No sales.
Second Session— No 6ales.
Regular Morning Session— No Bales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
O^TS— The local consumptive demand Is
slack at the moment, though some sales are
being made right along. The tone Is firm and
holders rxnct full figures or refuse to sell.
White SI 10@l 30: Red, $1 07M:@l 17 V»: Graj ,
SI 07%®l 17%: Black, 97',icgJl 10.
CORN— Efcstern large Yellow. $1 Oofl O.V-:
White SI Oafil ':■'•.■: mixed, $1 02%@l 0o per ctl.
RYE— S7W.c*T/-Sl OS 1 * per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— at $19002 15 per ctL
Flour and MiUstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60^3 73.
usual terms: bakers" extras, $3 40@3 80; Oregon
and Washington, $3 40@3 50 per barrel for ex
tra. $3 26©3 40 for bakers, and $2 25©3 for super
fil MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows ' usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 76; Rye
Meal '$2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal. $2 50; ex
tra Cream Corn Meal, $3 23; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat
Groats $4 60; Hominy. $3 25'a3 50; Buckwheat
Flour '$4@4 25: Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina,
$4 50- ' Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels), $6 05®6 45; In sacks, $5 85®6 25; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas, $5 per
100 lbs.'
Hay and Feed stuffs.
There was no Hay market, owin* to the rain.
The demand for Alfalfa Is good and prices
show an advance for dry stock. Medium Hay
shows a slight decline.
Feedstuffs are as before quoted.
BRAN— 17 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI9t?2O 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS Rolled Barley, $IS@IS 50 per
ton- Oil Cake Meal at the mill. J26@27; Jobbing,
JI7 50'<?2S; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Cornmeal.
$•'3 50® 34 50; Cracked Corn. - c ■.•:'., Mixed Feed,
$16 50617; Cottonseed Meal, $2S per ton.
H \y— Wheat, $Svt9 50 for common to good and
JlOf^lO 50 for choice; Wheat and Oat. $7 50®9 50:
Oat, $7©B 50: Barley, $s@B; Alfalfa. $5@S per
ton; Compressed, $7 SOfiO 50 per ton.
STRAW 30@42%c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The market for Beans rule? firm and when
ever prices change they advance, but the de
mand Is nothing extra at the moment. A fur
ther sllclit advance In Bayos i? noted.
A lar^' 1 Bhlpment ol Mst6 >-ks or' Flaxseed has
arrived from Washington.
BEANS— Bayos, 5- 65@2 n ; small White. $2 55
i -,']■(.'•• vvhtts, >.' 30@>2 40; I'inks. 12 50
Reds' 53650375; Blackeye, $4 30; Butters, J3;
{4 90#5; Pea, $2 75@3; Red Kidneys,
SEEDS -Brown Mustai fellow Mus
ta ',,l' '4,,; ; Flax, nominal; Canary, l\&c per
lb for California and Ie for Eastern; Alfalfa,
nominal; Rai Hemp, 4@4Vsc; Timothy,
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 35@1 50; Green, $1 75
.; 55 ier ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The market for all descriptions quoted under
this head in Blow, the demand being dull. River
I ■ ■ • ci are weaker.
POTATOES— River H> ■ Burbanks,
I ;■•••■ ctl; SaJli ; ' "•'•■
gon Burbanks ■ . Sweet Potatoes, I
for Rlvei I $1 for Merced.
« INK '"- er ctl.
VEGETABLES Green Peas, S@sc p'-r lb;
String Beans. !C36c; Llmfl Beans.
_•.., 25@40c; T .ma: • KgK Plant,
ii »kra, l2Hc pei lb; Garlic,
Green Pepper r box; Carrots, 3
k: Cucumbers, • Marrowfat
Squash, $B®lo per t^n; Mushi Ie per
lb for choice and 44J5c for poor.
Poultry and Came.
The Po\iltO' market continues to Improve,
and young st'-ck n^-x (eels the effect of the lipht
storks of Eastern. There is a good demand : ir
Turkeys at full flpures.
Game continues rtrm at the high prices, and
retailers r.,ni['la!n thnt there Is no profit In It
for them at present values.
POULTRY Live Turkey-. H@l6c fir Gob
blers and 14 .>!■ for Hens: Young Turkeys. 144
' irkeys, I6#18c; Geese, per pair,
I 75; Coelings. $1 50@l 75; Ducks, : ■
I and $4 ! ■ for young; Hens. $''Ir.1 r . 50;
• Roosters, t*@s; Old Roosters, $4:.": Fry
ers, $3 50® 4; Broilers, S3 25@3 50 for large, $2 :.O
[or si all; Pigeons, SI 2."i per dozen for old
and fl 75@2 for Squal -
GAME Quail, $2'i3: Mallard. $c><ii*; Can
vasback $6@10; Spri^, $4@5 50; Teal. $3 • "
w Igeon. {2 5004; Small Duck, J2<5"2 50; Doves.
7,".ri-.",- per dozen; Hare. $1 25@1 50; Rabbits.
SI 75@2; <:ray Geese, $3 50®4; White. Jl ."■ 1 r; 1 7," ;
Brant $233: English Snipe, $2 50 per dozen;
.Ta<-k .Snipe, $1 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The depression In Hutter continues, the de
mand beins too light for the volume on the
market. Cheese stands the same as for some
time.
Kiistern Epffs «f all grades are in free supply
and weak, but choice Ranch are scarce and firm
at full figures. The difference between the two
descriptions is so wide that some parties are
said to be buying Eastern here, shipping^ them
into the country and sending them back as
fresh California Egffs. Receivers, however, per
ceive the difference between Eastern and Cali
fornia at a glance.
liITTEK—
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 2;i'ff26c; sec
onds, 24c.
Dairy— Fancy. 24c; good to choice, 22fp28c;
common. Me
Pickled roll. 22©24 c; firkin. 21@22Vic; cream
ery tub. 22><[<S24c.
Eastern -17918 c for ladle packed and 200 for
Elgin; Oregon ladle, 17©19 c per lb.
i "11EESE— Choice mild new, HM>c; old, 10H@
J ung America, llVie; Eastern, 14a I,'c.
EGOS— -Quoted at 26©82\4c for store and 3S'<J
40c per dozen for ranch; Eastern. 27f|2So for
selected, 24 a :6c for No. 1 and 20@22Hc for
geci :.\s.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
There are no Wine Grapes on the market at
present, ar.d there may be no more this season
If the rain continues. Table Grapes are dull.
Oranges continue weak, as will be seen by
the quotations. The Panama steamer brought
up 450 cases Mexican Limes. There Is little
demand for Grape- Fruit, as it Is green. There
are pome Tangerines on the market at 51 50 per
box asked.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples. 35(565c per box for common: 75c?f$l
for good and $1 25 for choice.
BERRlF.R— Blackberries, per chest:
Strawberries, $ll(j?12 per Chest for small and
$2 60*i 4 for large berries; Raspberries, $4 50@6
per chest; Huckleberries, s'g6c per 1b; Wiscon
sin Cranberries. (6 50@7 50 per bbl; Cape Cod
Cranberries. $7 50*; S 50; Coos Bay Cranberries,
$6 60 per barrel and %? r a2 25 per box.
Persimmons. 7.V/isl 2.". per box.
Grapes. loiSMo per box; crates sell 10(g~15o
higher; Wine Grapes, nominal.
Winter Pears, 50c(<j|1 25 per box.
Quinces, 4ofl(ioc per box.
Pomegranates, 60>S75c per Email box.
CITRUS FRUITS— XaveI Oranges, $3^4 per
box; Seedlings, Jl 75^3; Grape Fruit, $2@3 50;
Lemon*, 75c©$l 50 tor common and tz'n-i for
good to choice; Mexican Limes. $4: California
Limes, • : Bananas, J2@3 50 per bunch; Pine
apples, $l!§2 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
The tone continues firm for everything on the
list except Prunes. There Is Bald to l.c an
active demand in the interior on Eastern ac
count.
DRIED FRUITS— Prunes, in narks, 4\c for
40-r,o's. 4V4c for 60-60'e. ?.\r ror 60 70's, 3V4c for
M's, Ie for 80-90's and 2<Vic for 90-100' ■; Apri
cots, ll®l3c for Royals. 12V4©i6c for Moor
parks and 12014 c for Blenheims; Peaches, '■■<
S"AC for Standards, (ifiGUc for choice and 7c for
fancy; peeled Peaches, 12H@15c; Evaporated
Apples. 7©7% c; Sun-dried, rjt("iU,c per lb; Nec
tarines, BV4<39c per lb for red; Pears, 6V4STBc for
quarters and 8(&10c for halves; Black Figs aft
BVkc; White Figs. 496 c; Bleached Plums, vi,..,,:;
Unbleached Plums. 7©7V4c for pitted and i»Ac
for unpitted.
RAlSlNG— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice, 9c; standard. So; prlma. fie- un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, Be Sultanas—
Fancy, per lb, BV4c; choice. 7^c; standard. 6%c
--prime, sc; unbleached Sultanas. sc; Seedless
50-lb boxes. sa; 2-crown loose Muscatels. s>/ic:
3-crown. GVic; 4-crown. 7c: London Layers,
2-crown, $1 60 per box; 3-crown, $1 60 Fancy
Clusters. $2; Deheea. $2 GO; Imperial. ft AH
California °' b. at common shipping points
In ( alifornla.
Chestnuts. 10c;- Walnuts. 9<j?loc for
standards. and , lOUiailUc for softahell- Al
mondii / i, 12@J3\ic for paper-shell. 10@llc for soft
and s®6c for hardshell: Peanuts. WflW e for
Eastern, and Be for California; Brazil Nuts
SSSSg/SKSfc UHCUc:
, «ONET-Comb, U%o for bright and ISM for.
light amber; water white extracted, 7V»®7Vic;
iight amber extracted, 6Vi@7c; dark, 6%c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@2Gc per lb.
Provisions..
The demand for cured meats continues fair
at the recent cut in prices.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, SUe per lb for
heavy, SgS'-c for light medium, lie for light.
12 ! ?c for extra llplit and 13e for sugar-cured;
Eastern su^ar-cured Hams. 12 1 *.'?n3c: California
Hams, 12%@13c; Mesa Beef, $11 per bbl; extra
Mesa $12 50; Family. $14; extra I'rime Pork,
(12 50; extra clear, Jlti 50; mess, $15(515 50;
Smoked Beef, 12c per lb.
L, -Mil)— Tierces uuoted at fi'fjfiHc per lb for
compound and "c lor pure; half-barrels, pure.
7'-*c; IMb tins, 8c: 5-lb tins. ( ',r.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 7%57%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Commission mrechants complain of the ex
cessive dullness in Hops. Concessions would
have to be made to tell any quantity.
Tallow is weak at the recent reduction. Hides
rule firm with an active demand.
The strength in Wool continues, and sales
of late have been large.
HIDES AND. SKINS— CuIIs and brands pell
■.bout ie under quotations. Heavy salted steers
*.' medium, lie: light. 10'4c; Cowhides. 10®
10Uc : Stass. 7c: Salted Kip. 10c; Calf. 10c;
Dry 'Hide* sound. l7{?lSc; culls and brands.
'4, Pry Kip and Veal, 16c: Dry Calf. 18c;
Sheepskins, yearlings, 2W?35c each: short Wool.
?.."fKi'V f-arh: me. Hum. iO:7(90c: long Wool, Sift
125 each- Horse Hides, salt. $2 50 for large and
$I«n 50 for small; Colts 50c. _ ,»,.-,
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 5c per lb: No. 2,
4%c; refined. ; grease, 2' B e.
Fall clip— San Joaquln plains. 'u.fj^; South
ern 7@loc; Middle County. 10@12%c; Humboldt
and Mendoc'.no, lo©16c: Eastern Oregon. ll@16c;
Valley Oregon.' I 3>lSc; Northern Mountain.
free. 111/!".'. Northern Mountain, defective, 3©
lie pei lb
HOPS— S@IOc per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
There Is no further change in any descrip
tion.
BEEF— 7@7%c per lb for Steers and 6%®7c for
Cows.
VEAL— S'JJSc per lb.
Mi'TTON— Wethers. 7c: Ewes, GV4c per lb.
LAMBt-B@BV4c per lb.
PORK— Live Hops. 6%c for small. 5%W5«6c
for medium and r.ft'V for large; stock Hogs
and Feeders, sc; dressed Hogs, 7&8% c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7fi7>;c; Wool
Bags. 2Stf*3oc: Fruit Bags. 6c, 6** c and 6^e for
the three grades of white and V-»c for bleached
Jute.
COAL— Well.ngton. $S per ton: New Welling
ton. $3: Southfleld Wellington, $7 50: Seattle, JO;
Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $8; Scotch,
J • Cumberland. $9 75 in bulk and $11 25 In
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $13; Can
nel $S 50 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $9 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $15
In sacks. - _"' v _ r ■ '■ ; -„- ~
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash. in 100-ib bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5%c; Pow
dered, 6%c; Candy Granulated, Be; Dry Granu
lated ' 4 T ic; Confectioners' A, 4%c; California A,
; Magnolia A. 4' 2 c; Extra C, l%c; Golden
C, *%c; barrels, l-16c more; half-barrels, Vie
more: boxes, l -_<- more; 50-lb bags. He more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent. Dominoes, half-barrels, 5%c; boxes,
b%c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY. NOVEMBER 9.
FTour qr sks.... 18.51!) Sugar, bblg 667
Wheat ctls 4.4-10 i Llme, bbls 182
Oats, ctls 2,610; Leather, rolls ... 164
Rye, ctls "- r < Wine, gals 37.000
Tallow, ctls 2S' Brandy, gals .... 3,000
Butter, ctls 119, Quicksilver, flska 192
Cheese, ctls 152 Eggs, doz 3.840
Beans, sks 915 Raisins, bxs 4,225
Potatoes, sks .... 7,762 Hides, No 516
Onions, sks ' 256 Pelts, bdls 342
Bran, sks 716 Wool, bags 105
Middlings, sks .. 810 Hay. tons 626
Sugar, sks 1.900 Straw, tons 53
OREGON.
Wheat, ctls 24'" 1 Bran, sks 296
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 8,853 Bran, sks 120
Wheat, ctls 1,400 Middlings, sks .. 120
Oats, ctls 2,300 ' Flaxseed, sks 8,696
HONOLULU.
Wool, bales 3S|
THE STOCK MARKET.
Til* usual good business was done on the
morning pension of the ll,ond Exchange. The
sugar stocks were weak and Onomea Bold down
to $37 C2'i. Paauhau to $34 50 and Hutchinson
to $28 75. There was a further decline in
Spring Valley Water to $99 7."..
In the afternoon Onomea declined to $37.
Oceanic unship sold up to $31 73 and Gas
& Electric to $57 26.
The feeling in oil stocks was weak In the
morning and Tidal Wave sold down to $2 65.
A dividend of 20 cents per share will he paid
on the l.'.th by the Oakland, San Leandro and
Haywards Electric Railway Company.
The Kilauea Sugar Plantation Company has
i declared its third dividend of 25 cents per
share, payable on the loth.
The Giant Powder Company will pay a divi
dend of BO cents per share to-day.
The usual monthly dividend of 40 cents per
share by the Pacific Gas Improvement Com
pany will be paid to-day.
A monthly dividend of 35 cents per share will
be paid to-day by the Paauhau Sugar Com
pany.
A dividend of 50 cents per share was paid
Wednesday by ■ the California-street Railroad
Company. ' ,
he Presidio Railway Company has declared
a dividend of 10 cents per share, payable on
the 15th.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, Nov. 9—2 d. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask
U S Bonds— Equit G L Co. 6V; 6V4
4s quar coup.. — — Mutual El Co. 13 Vi 14
Is quar ret;.... — — OG L & H.... — 48
la quar new... — 131<4 Pac Gas lm.. 56 —
3s ijuar c0up..107%10S Pac Lieht Co.. 4flu, —
Miscellaneous— .|S F G & L, 56% 57i£
Cal-st Cab 55. 117 — San Fran 3 ;<.L
C C Wat 55. ...108 109 I Stockton Gas.. 12 — '
Ed Li P 65. 130 — I Insurance—
F & Cl Ry 63.115 — Firem's Fund. 22o —
Geary-st R ss. — 95 ! Bank Stocks—
HC & S 6%5..107% — Anglo-Cal 65 —
LA Ry 55....105%106% Bank of Cal... — 40S
L. A LCo 55.. 39 — Cal Sli & T.. — 98
Do gntd 65.. 99 — Fldst National — 245
Do gtnd 55.. — — I.on P & A... 129 — •
hA& P R 55. 104 - |Mer Ex — 16
Market-st 65...125 V, - ix cv Nat 8k...1£3%190
Do Ist M 55.116%117Vi| Savings Banks—"
NC N G H 75. 112 — JGer S & L...1700 —
N R of Cal 65. 116 — ,Hum S & L..1050 1160
NR of Col 55. 113 — | Hut Say 8k.... 39 —
NPC Rii 6«.ioi — c f Say r...r00 —
NPC R R ss. 107 108 Pay & L. So. — 85
N Cal R R 55.112"4 — Sec Say Bk — 310
OGL & H 5s.lOSVs — Union T C 0....1400. ...1400 1440
, Oak Tran 65... — 112% . Street Railroads-
Ocean S S 55.. — — (■• California 120 —
, Om CRy 65... 126 130 3e.iry 5(1 /_.
P&CI Ry .107% — I Market-st 62 62V*
1 Pk &O Ry 69.115 — Oak SL4H — hi
Powell-st R 6s— 122 Presidio - 30
Sac El G&R5s. — — i Powder —
S F & X P 55. 114»i115V; California 170 ISO
S F & 5JV58.115V4 — IE Dynamic. . s:, 9,1
BRy of Sal 65.105>4 — j Giant Con Co.. 89 SD«
BPof A 65....112 Vi — |Vlßorit 3 31?
S p C 65(1905). — — Sugar— *
B I 1 C 8sO906).lll — Hana i' Co l(Wt 11
: S P C 6s(1912).118% — I Haw C&SCo 95 %
SPCIs eg .is. - — Honokaa SCo 34« —
SPBr 6s 123VJ, — Hutch SP Co 252 —
S V Wat 65....U4Vi — Kilauea 5 Co. 28 30
S V Wat 45. ...103 108% Makawell SCo 41 $1/
B V \V.|s(3dm).lol% - I Onomea SCo 37 3S
SS5Sr<SS!fe:5 - 6 " £L*l** A ™ : ""^
Spring Valley. 93 99V. Oceanic S Co" oiu 9»
Gas and Electric— p ac aF a " 'ii! _
Cent Gas C 0... - - : ac C Bor Co".l« —
Cent L & P.... I - 'par Paint Co.. sis. _
Morning Session.
Board
30 Contra Costa Water -C -<;
10 Contra Costa Water, s 30....'. " "-, ; ',',
36 Equitable Gas '.. 12
25 Hana Plantation Co •*■••" „' ™
20 Hutchinson S P C 0... . Je --
$1000 Market Street Ry Con 5s t.!!"!".li; 00
10 Onomea Sugar Co ' vi pot^
30 Paauhau S P Co ; U
600 Paauhau S P Co 5. '»
150 Paauhnu S P Co 2, --
56 S F Gas & Electric C 0........ ...""' r,fi in
10 s F Gas & Electric Co "" « ;.„
60 S V Water " no --**
100 Vljcorit Powder '.'.'."" '■, ','L
Street— "" '-**
10 Honokaa S Co «- <<»
120 Makawell ".."■■' iq «V
.SSOOO Oakland Gas Bonds . "lpq tin
$10,000 Oceanic S S Bonds !'.'.'.'.! 107 CO
Afternoon Session.
Board —
125 Contra Costa Water - 6 r. n
125 Contra Costa Water.......... ' " -,-!-..,
265 Contra Costa Water '.'.'.""  _>. »
25 Contra Costa Water, b 2 " "-I i-r
25 Equitable Gas '" 6 .'■ '-
25 Honokaa ' "iir,T --
125 Hutchinson B P Co 'il -'-'
100 Hutchinson S P C 0... "" « ii
50 Hutchln.«on s P Co. cash *! "« S
■ 150 Hutchinson S I' Co « «"u.
50 Makawell Id nn
50 Oceanic S s Co q, -i
HOOO Oceanic s S Bonds .' ." 107 nn
30 Onomea Hugar Co '"3750
25 Onomea Sugar Co " 37 1914
15 Onomea Sugar Co "" 37 00
100 Paauhau s P C 0.... ....'.....'." 34 -'-
215 S !■■ Gas & Electric Co.. '.'.'.'.'. 57 00
&0 S F Gas & Electric Co, a 90 57 00
25 S F Gas & riectric Co 57 %
150-Vlgorit 3i "*
. Street—
iMSm S F & S J .V Booda U& 60
AUCTION SALES
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO.,
AUCTIONEERS. 31 and S3 Putter Street.
Telephone Main 5181
Cash paid fur Furniture, Carpets, Desi
Merch.in.li-o t i parties not wishing to v,
Auction Returns.
PUBLIC. ATTENTION!
FRIDAY and SATURDAY. Nov. 10 and V
At 11 o'clock a. m..
We Will Pell in our Salesrooms, by Cats
The Magnificent Furniture, Works of Art, Brcn«:s,
Oil Paintings by Keith, Hill, Huggens and others ;
Silk, tatii and Imported Lace Curtains, etc., fo:-
-m;rly belonging to Colonel Thomas £wing of Ver
non Heights, Oakland
DRAWING-ROOMS 1 Kohler Upright
with 6 orchestra attachment*, cost 1700; Magi -
flcent Wilton Carpets; 1 very Elegant Sal
Hand-carved Parlor Bet; Elegant Odd
of Upholstery; Ebony Parlor and
nets; R
Mirrors; French and German Bl tni
Figures; Carrara Marble Stattjes and
Onyx Pedestals.
LIBRARY— Very Elegant Leather T
in.! Easy Chairs; Fine Walnut D<
;i"- Library Tables: Brunswick-Balke i
Table.
DINING-ROOM 1 Magnificent Walnut
Ing-room Set, consisting of Sideboard, Exi
■
■ ware, Cut-glass Wa
China Dinner Sets
HALL— I Magnificent Walnut Mln r-back
Hall Stand ci Bt MOO.
BETDRi » i.MS Mahi gany and Walnut I
Best of Hair Mattresses; Bedd 1
Will . Axminster and !
sels Carpet; kitchen Furniture, etc.
NOTE— The content? of this house cost
to furnish and arr without exception the finest
collection of goods offered at - many
years. GOODS NOW ON EXHIBITION.
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO.. Auctioneers,
": and ?3 Butter Street.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
10 Contra Costa Water 78 50
100 Equitable Gas 6 124
20 Giant Powder Con S3 2T>
10 Giant Powder Con 50
23 Giant Powder Con ?9 37' i
20 S F Gas & Electric oj> 3i\i
10 s V Water "*0 ""
II 1 Vigorit Powder 3 12^»
Afternoon Session.
Board —
30 Giant Powder C0n..,. 88 75
20 Giant Powder Con |» »-•»
40 Giant Powder Con «8 afl
100 Equitable Gas 6 26
100 Equitable Gas « j-:t
10 Oceanic S S Co 91 £0
35 Oakland Gas 4 ? ""
10 Hawaiian Commercial £ w
30 s F Gas .<-- Electric »» »»
35 S F Gas & Electric j£ pH
20 S F Gas & Electric °!> »
100 Vigorlt Powder a 1-1
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
BoaVd— „
300 Tidal Wave * J>?
50 Northfleld . :'
100 Buckhorn Oil & T Co * 60
375 Barker Ranch * I'
200 Century Oil Co X
-300 Century Oil Co '2
100 Monterey Oil Cc ''•'•««. «
1 Duquesne Oil Co 204 00
Street— ,
100 San Joaquin O & D Co 1 00
Afternoon Session.
Bnarl
-300 Tidal Wave 2 60
150 Century Oil Co Jj>
400 Century Oil Co SO
200 Grand Central Oil Co Z 60
400 Oakland Oil & Gas Co 30
ft
-100 Big Panoche 1 ■''
100 Monterey Oil Co 2o
PRODUCERS OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Caribou ...-. l Co
100 Pennsylvania Consolidated 1 10
Street—
1-10 Home Oil Co at $4750 per share.
Afternoon Session.
Board —
50 Buckhorn 4 75
50 • lame Valley 12 00
50 Parkfleld 12 00
100 Pennsylvania Consolidated 100
Street—
1-10 Home OH Co at $4700 per share.
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Belcher 34 700 Mexican 34
250 Best & Belcher 3' 200 Ophir 51
ion Caledonia .. CO 100 iphlr 50
200 Con Cal & Va..l 35 20 Yell Jacket. 23
Afternoon Session.
TOO Belcher 31, 100 Mexican 31
100 Best & Belcher 33 200 Mexican 32
200 Caledonia 80 200 Overman 13
100 Chollar 22; 100 Sierra Nevada. 3S
400 Con Cal & Va..l 40 j 200 Union Con 27
200 Gould & Curry 23
The following were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Belcher 33 300 Mexican '. 33
• SCO Belcher 32 : 150 Ophir ; 51
100 Caledonia 62 100 Ophir 49
150 Con Cal & Va..l 35: 500 Overman -.. 16
4CO Con Cal & V.I 37>.ii
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher ." 31 200 Mexican ....... SI
200 Best & Belcher 40 300 Mexican 3'
200 Con Cal & V.I 87% 200 Mexican ....... 34
200 Crown Point .. 12 i
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Thursday, Nov. — 4 p. m.
■•.■ Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 04JKentuck — 03
Alta — 03 Lady Wash — 02
Andes 13 14 Mexican 33 35
Belcher 31 33 Occidental 13 14
Best & Belcher 40 42 Ophir 51 53
Bullion 03 06 1 Overman 15 16
Caledonia 60 — IPotOsl 29 30
Chollar 22 24 Savage 15 17
Challenge Con. 22 25. Scorpion 02 —
Confidence 67 70'Seg Belcher ... M 07
Con Cal & Va..l 40 1 4". Sierra. Nevada. 39 ' 40
Con Imperial .. — 02 Silver Hill — 03
Crown Point 12 13 St Louis — C 6
Exchequer — 02 Standard 188 —
Gould & Curry 24 25 ' Syndicate — 06
Hale & Norc... 40 42 Union Con 27 29
Julia — 02: Utah 08 03
Justice 03 04 Yellow Jacket.. 22 24,
Notice to Mariners.
COLUMBIA RIVER CHANNEL OVER WAL
KER ISLAND BAR TO MARTIN
ISLAND.
Notice is hereby given that on October 10.
Walker Island Channel buoy No. I, a black,
first-class spar, was established In twenty-two
feet of water, and marks the channel over
Walker Island bar. Fishers Island (E. tan
gent), N. % E., Walker Island (NW. tangent).
SE. % E.
This notice affects the list of beacons and
buoys. Pacific Coast. IS9S, page 52.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
E. D. TAUSSIG,
Commander. I. S. N., Inspector Thirteenth
Lighthouse District.
Time Bali
Branch Hydroßraphic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal.,
November 9, 189$.
Th" time liall on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly nooß to-day—
1. c.. at not □ of the 120 th meridian, or at S
Q'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. Q. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S, X. in c\.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic ' Survey —
Times and Heishts of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Hay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE —The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes !ater than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 10.
Sun rises 777777777. 647
Sun sets :..."!""!!!!."i 01
Moon sets (first quarter) .'.7.0 a. in,
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives Hi second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
an.l the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heishti
given ar.' in addition to the soundlncs on the
United Stntea Coast Survey charts, except
When a minus sign (— 1 precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
Continued on Page Eleven.OF THE 1
VVl BAY CITIES/y
BAT CITIES//
FLAMINGN METEORS
MAY STRIKE US
THE SOURCE OF THE PROMISED TROUBLE.
IF everything comes off according to calculations and the astronomers have
given a wrong tip, the earth will be up against a pretty lively
time en the night of Xovembcr 15 or thereabouts. We are scheduled to
through a stream of multi-colored meteors which, if the programme Is
carried out, will pet some of the frequenters of the cocktail route a-thlnk
rding to a circular issued from the Harvard University observa
these meteors will be colored blue, green, yellow, white and red, fo it may
• •• the man of the world tv have care as to the particular brand of liquor
■\ - v.-. .'k.
system through which the earth is expected to pass forms a
t for 1 itlon for those who study the skies either as a pastime
The baptism of flre is supposed to occur onoe every thlrty
yrarp. when the earth passes through what is termed the meteoric orbit.
to be the substance that forms the tail end of a
iway its time whirling around the sun. The shower showed
up according to calculation In 1533 and 1566, and is due again this? year, unless all
•ions fail.
these meteors may be as big as houses, in which event they may
nip off the earth's surface when they strike. As a rule, however,
h< re is not much chance of their doing a great deal of damage. They fly
with such terrific speed that when they get Into our atmos
they are coi ■ the heat that the friction produces before they
Then, after all. wo may escape, this stream of flying tire. If it has
tlon sine-? we met over thirty-three years ago we will not be
- 15.
men are taking a great Interest in the promised display of nstro
tinics. Many from this section will go to interior points to ob
:};ere will be little chance of fogs obscuring
view. Ei rations have been made at the Lick Observatory to tak<
In the ah >w.
il the En stern - performance is announced to start about
it night, but th.' Pacific Coast will not strike the outer edge of the
until shortly after midnight. If the night is clear any one
serve the show with the naked eye. Telescopes as a rule
rs are known as the I.eonides. and appear to come
-Tonomical calculations it will take
md four hours to pass through the meteoric shower.
BERKELEY, Nov. 9.— The big meteoric shower which astronomers predict for
:r:a<l«> a subject of special study by the department of astron-
Ifornla. T'nder the direction of Proff-spor Armin O.
, axations are being made for such records to be taken as will
st t" the general public. Special observations will be cond
rvatory at Mount Hamilton by all the students tak
■ my at B< rkeley.
re will be exercised to secure the exactest record possible. a.s a slm-
Ilkely to occur for over thirty years. The antronomers
■ thirty-throe years and a quarter.
graphing the meteors two 6-Inch lenses will be
• ; ■ -■ U th< students' observatory on the University of
tnpus. In addition a number of ordinary cameras will be employed.
>-k on the morning of November 16, It will pre
• all but thi rig seen.
tied In the observations Is the determination of
•. the point in which the paths of the different meteors if produced
■ ' Tl ■ xact location of this point Is necessary for the calculation
meteors about the sun. Besides the determination of the ra
f the number of meteors appearing at given Intervals will
1 '• kejjj in order to find out the densest portion of the swarm.
SUFFRAGE THE
PATHWAY T O A
HIGHER LIFE
Mrs. Catt Argues on
New Lines.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Nov. 9.
Mrs. Carrie Chapman Catt, chairman of
the National Organization of Women's
Buffragists, addressed a large audience
to-night ih the First Unitarian Church.
The edifice was decorated with potted
palms and flowers to receive the speaker
and the coterie of notable women who
had seats on the platform during her dis
course. Mrs. Catt made as a strong ar
gument for the giving of the ballot to
women the Idea of cross inheritance. She
Eaid in part, after having been Introduced
by the Rev. J. K. McLean:
"It was once thought that children In
herited all their qualities from their fath
er. -Their- mother was credited with hav
ing given .thorn life but not tenderness of
a moral, spiritual or intellectual charac
. ter. '.This was many years ago. A change
came when. a distinguished German sci- |
entist discovered that boys inherit ten- I
dencies chit-fly from their mother, and
girls Inherit from their father. And this
■will be found to be true In the vast ma
jority of cases.
"I a-sk then— if this be accepted by sci
entists and intelligent people generally —
the .fact that motherhood mean* a great
deal -more to children than mere mother
hood in the. physical sense, why we should
not give to women all the educational
and political advantages given to man?
Why not give to her the responsibilities
that will develop her that she in turn
may impart strength of character and
purity of purpose to her sons?
"In looking forward to greater progress
along all lines wo must realize that that !
progress will be made only as men and
women rise together. We must have a
grr-aW-r.' motherhood and we must have
a greater Fatherhood. Then there will
rise a great ice. Advance wfll mean
greater welfare and greater welfare will
come through the ballot, since the better
ment of the nation, its stability and Its
H.ifeguajd, Is the main function and pur
pose-of the ballot. The ballot is the na
tion's best weapon. It should be in the
i miff of every citizen."
Mrs. Catt reviewed history briefly in
her introduction, pointing out that while
a\\ tjie other centuries have been marked
by militarism, this, the nineteenth, is
noted for its industrial progress. This
progress has meant the putting of women
into business life. And the going of
wirhen from the home to the factory, the
office, .the school and the platform has
been the result of "man's invasion of
woman's territory," In, for instance, the
making of cloths by machinery, where
spinning and weaving at home once pre
vailed; and that women have not invaded
man's territory.
She grave a clever humorous history of
woman's progress in intellectual advan
tages, alluding to the time between J7 V 9
and 1^22 when girls were not permitted in
the public schools.
"The platform privilege came later,"
went on Mrs. Catt. "At lirst women were
m*>t with mobs and bad eggs when they
mounted the platform. But later thing's
changed. Lucy Stone told me that she
was met by mobs and eggs, but that the
eggs were good ones. So you can see by
this thnt public opinion had undergone a
delicate change in favor of woman's
lights."
Miss Hay gave a short address follow
ing Mrs. Catt, but it was of a more local
and fiscal character. On the platform
with the speakers were Mrs. John F.
Swift, president of the California State
Suffrage Union; Mrs. Lloyd Baldwin,
president of the Alamerta County I'nlon;
Mrs. Emma Shafter Howard, Mrs. J. c.
Waymire, Mrs. C. L. Wood, Mrs. M.
Chapman. Mrs. William Keith, Mrs. J. C.
Campbell, Mrs. M. S. Kcene, Miss Carrie
A Whelan and Mrs. McClees.
REPUBLICANS INTEND
TO HAVE THEIR RIGHTS
BARBOT'RSYILLE, Ky., Nov. 9.— The
Democrats threaten to throw out Knoji
County on account of various alleged
reasons. The town will be full of lie.
publicans to-morrow, who say they in
tend to have their rights.
EMBEZZLER SENTENCED
Lewis Warner, Who Wrecked a Bank,
Must Go to Prison.
NORTHAMPTON, Mass.. Nov. 9.— ln
the Superior Court to-day I^ewis Warner,
aged 60, who wrecked the Hampshire
County National Bank and the Hamp
shire Savings Bank by embezzling tGOO,
--000, was sentenced to a term In State
prison of not more than twelve nor less
than nine years, the iirst day to oe in
solitary confinement.
Savings Society Sued.
woodland. Nov. 9.— Jacob Bnyder, a
Yolo County farmer, has brought suit
against the German Savings and Loan
Society of San Francisco to enforce the
consummation of a contract. It is alleged
that Bnyder bought of the defendant a
valuable tract of land in Solano County,
depositing with C. B, Gregory, a sin
Francisco real estate dealer, $?,()00 as part
payment. The bank now refuses to make
a deed to the property, and It is alleged
that one of the reasons Is because the
land has appreciated in value.
Newspaper Man Dies.
BT. LOI'TS, Nov. 9.— Daniel M. Houser
Jr., son of D. M. Houser, proprietor of the
Globe-Democrat, died at his home here
to-night Of typhoid fever, aged 29 years.
Mr. Houser's death caused a great shock
among his numerous friends and ac
quaintances, lie having only been ill a
week. He was treasurer of the Globe-
Democrat Company and was looked upon
as the successor to the control of the
paper in the natural course of events.
Fire at Angels Camp.
ANGELS CAMP. Nov. 9.— The dry goods
store of Mike Arndt was destroyed by fire
this noon. The damage is about $20,000,
covered by Insurance. The fire Ih believed
to have been of Incendiary origin.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1899.
WAITING FOR A
CALL FOR AN
EXTRA SESSION
Alamedans Expected
It Yesterday.
Oakland Office San Francisco nail,
908 Broadway, November 9.
Many members of the Alameda County
Legislative delegation wore disappointed ;
to-day. They firmly expected to hnve |
heen ordered to convene at special see- '
slon in Sacramento next Monday for the ]
purpose of electing Colonel Burns to the
United States Senate and for such other J
business as the Governor might dictate.
But the sprvlal call did not conic, al
though the politicians gathered in little
knots on Broadway to discuss the expect
ed summons. For the first time in I
months Assemblyman Joe Kelly was In i
evidence, and he said he had heard hat
the call was to be issued the day after
the San Francisco election, but that so
far h» knew nothing of it.
Senator Leavltt was asked if four days
would not be too short a notice in which '
to convene the Legislature, and Baid he j
did not think it would. "1 heard the '
rumor," said he, "that Governor Gage
was about to form an extra session, but
how true it is 1 know not. Although a
friend of Colonel Burns, 1 cannot say that i
1 am any better informed on this special ,
session matter than anybody else. It
would not surprise me if one were called. ;
and to be truthful. I expect that one will '
be called in time to handle the Senatorial
question before the meeting of Congress.
The Governor, under the constitution,
does not need to give any particular
length of time in which to get ready for
a special session. The constitution pro
vides that a special session shall bo called
whenever Important business of an
emergency requires it, and, for instance,
if it should be Decessary to call a Bpecial
session for any particular purpose In time
of war. no time could be wasted. There
fore tho matter Is left to the Governor's
discretion, and If he should issue a call
to-day he would not legally have to give
a longer Interval than would be neces-
Bary for the most distant legislator to
reach the capital after being told of the
Governor's intention."
The local Senatorial question is also in
teresting the active politicians, and all
are greed that the situation has simmered
down to one pomt — that the nest Senat >r
to succeed Senator St ration will be a man
favorable to United States Senator Per
kins In 1902. As that is the year for a
Gubernatorial election, it is plain that
Stratton's successor will be named by
either Dr. Pardee or Senator Perkins, or
both, presumably both. Although Super
visorial and Assembly combinations will
i :t a little figure in this particular
the larger questions of Governor and
United States Senator will entirely over
shadow the smaller matters.
Laing Divorce Set for Trial.
OAKLAND, Nov. 9.— The sensational di
vorce suit of Isabella Turnbull Lalng
against Peter Miller Laing. brought on
the ground of cruelty and Infidelity and
wherein defendant filed countercharges,
has be*n set for trial for Tuesday morn-
Ing, November 21, in Judge Greene's
court.
Default of defendants on account of
failure to answer or appear was ci
to-day In the divorce suits of Mice Mau
talen against Charles Mautalen and Mary
E. i'arr against George Carr, and the
causes were submitted to Court Commis
sioner Babcook to take testimony.
Marriage Licenses Issued.
OAKLAND, Nov. 9.— Marriage licenses
were obtained to-day by Caleb Johnson,
aged 29 years, and Annie Carlson, 29 years,
Oakland: Jacob T. Norrby, 29 year.-, and
Emma M. Johnson. 30 years, Oakland; Jo-
Beph Maristany, 62 years, and An i
Freimann, 4-' years. Alameda; Henry M.
Owens, 83 years, and Franceses 11. r..> ke
dorff 27 years. San Francisco; Biblano
Davlla, 59 years, Temescal, and Teresa
Rodriguez, 37 years. San Francisco.
Death of Antone Frank.
BERKELEY, Nov. B.— An tone Prank, a
re«l(lent of Lorin. passed away this morn
• his home near the corner of Baker
and Blackstone streets. Deceased was a
native of Germany, aged 81 years. He
B a Widow and one child. The fu«
neral services will be conducted by the
Berkeley Iyidge of the I. O. 0. P.
TRIED TO MURDER A
WOMAN FOR HER MONEY
THOMAS JONES, who gives his occupation as a longshoreman, attempted
to murder Otllia Reias with a pair of shears in a house of ill repute at
11 I'lnckney place late yesterday afternoon. His motive, according to
his victim's statement, was robbery. The woman, who is Spanish, re
ceived several severe Jabs from the sharp weapon, badly shattering the bones
of the nose. Before Jones could finish his dastardly work help came and
he was taken to the California street police station, where he was booked
for assault to murder.
Jones came Into the room occupied by the woman, and after locking the
door demanded money. Upon being refused, the woman says, he declared he
would take her life, and seizing a long pair of shears with one hand grasped
her throat with the other. He then directed several stabs at her face, nearly
tearing off her nose. By this time the Keias woman had succeeded in turn
ing the key in the door, and several other inmates of the house -who had been
summoned by her screams rushed In. Jones then sought to escape, but was
held by several other women until the arrival of Officer J. F. O'Brien and
Special Officer Otip Burge, who took him to the police station.
Joneß was not drunk when he committed the act. but after spending a few
hours In the tanks feigned intoxication and disclaimed any knowledge of
the affair.
ALAMEDA COUNTY
BURGLARS NOT
IN FAVOR OF A
NEW CHARTER
Present System AH
They Desire.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Nov. 9.
While burglars are at large and hlgh
waymen are snapping their fingers at ef
forts \<< catch them, and while dozens of
desperate criminals are swelling the psc
ords for arrests by being taken in fur rid
ing to the High School on a bicycle with
out a bell, or for making cuspidors of the
sidewalks, the Police Department Is rent
in about three sections, any two of which
is working earnestly against the third.
For the past three months nothing has
been done in the Police Department but
politics, and the present condition of the
Police Commission is solely responsible
fur the situation.
The men who are supposed to be lead
ing these various sections are not to
biame. Bach one is ambitious and each
is fully cognizant of the fact that If he
nigh politics he can, under the
present charter, gain his point and do up
the other fellow. Merit and good be
havior count for nothing— the politician Is
the successful man on the force. So thor
oughly is this recognized that there are
many men In the department who make
no secret of boasting of their contempt
for certain of thHr superiors. The con
stitution of the Board of "Works is such
that all three members are of necessity
active politicians and a little more pres
sure brought on any one of the three
members can turn the Police Department
upside down or Inside out at a single
meeting called at an hour's notice.
Under these conditions nothing else can
bo expected than that which now prevails.
Members are making secret reports to
their favorite Commissioners, ignoring
their superiors and t"'i;.'iiiK their knees to
curry favor. Chief of Police tiodgklns Is
doing his best under the circumstances,
but with such internecine troubles he can
not do what Is expected of him. Captain
Peterson is conscientiously trying to hold
up his end. but there are men on his
watch who an not In sympathy with him
and who to a certain extent tie his hands.
The day watch, under Captain Wilson, is
no more harmonious and it Is even said
that an officer a few nights ago actually
four Buspected robbers within his
grasp, but let them go on a very flimsy
explanation given by them.
All agree thai thorp can be no Improve
ment till t: ■ re Is a charter that will take
the department out of politics.
.. » .
AVILA BROTHERS TO
WED FLORES SISTERS
OAKLAND, Nov. 9.— The pretty little
Catholic church at Hay wards will be the
scene next Saturday morning of a double
wedding, when two brothers will wed two
sisters fit the altar. The former are
Manuel and Antone Avila. and the pros
pective brides are Mary and Rosa Flore?.
respectively- Several years ago the Avila
brothers left their sweethearts in .Portu
gal. They came to Haywards, where
they leased a part of the Peterson prop
erty and began farming. About two
months .'i;- the Flores sisters, having
been advi-od that their homes in the land
of the free would soon be ready for their
reception, arrived in Haywards and pre
pared for the nuptials. Rev. Father
Lally will pronounce the solemn words
that will unite the couples.
OGG'S CONDITION IS
STILL VERY SERIOUS
OAKLAND. Nov. !>.— Tt Is feared thnt
George Ogg, the 9-year-old boy whn was
accidentally Bhot In Maxwell's hardware
store yesterday afternoon by Eddie Ja
; cobs, may die of his injury. One of the
pieces of the split bullet has been re
moved from his head, but the doctors at
I the Receiving Hospital, though they
probed several inches, wire unable to lo
cate the remaining piece, and they con
sider furthi " probing too dangerous at
this time. To-night the lad waa reported
resting as easily afl could be expected and v
trained nurse is in constant attendance
GREATER RELIANCE CLUB
PLANS A BIG OPENING
OAKLAND, Nov. 9.— The managers
of the Reliance Club have ar
ranged a grand boxing tourna
ment for the first occasion on
■which the Greater Reliance Club will
hold a gentlemen's night. Since the
dissolution of the Acme Club ne Re
liance has made wonderful strides.
A week ago The Call printed tho
names of lEti new members of this
club. The directors have forty-three
applications to act on at their t °xt
meeting, and at their last meeting the
following thirty-five were elected to
membership: F. W. Eckstrom, W. W.
Brackett. A. W. Pelder, A. W. Merrill,
J. F. Lilley, W. B. West, G. W. Ed
VESSEL BURNED
AT ANCHOR IN
OAKLAND CREEK
Schooner Kadiak Is
Badly Damaged.
AL.AMEDA, Nov. 9.— The schooner Ka
diak of the Alaska Commercial Com
pany's'fleet was nearly destroyed by tire
this morning in Oakland Creek, oft Hay
& Wright's ship yards. The vessel ar
rived from Alaska last week and after
discharging was taken to the Oakland
harbor to remain during the winter.
Shortly after the men at the ship yards
reported for duty this morning Mr.
Wright noticed smoke issuing from the
Kadiak's forecastle. From a hasty Inves
tigation it was found that the whole in
terior of the chip was in flames. A
bucket brigade was organized and went
out to the vessel in small boats. By he
roic work the fire was kept in check until
the arrival of some of the apparatus of
the Alameda Fire Department, which hail
been summoned by telephone.
■ A line of hose was carried from the
ship yard wharf to the ship by means
Of several rowboats which were lashed
together and the hold of the Kadiak was
flooded and the flames extinguished. The
damage to the ship is considerable. Her
forecastle is gutted and her nose is
burned away. The decks were cut up ny
the axes of the firemen and many of the
timbers of the after hold are charred and
will have to be replaced. Had it not been
for the prompt action of the employes
of the ship yards the Kadiak would have
been burned to the water's edge and
would have become a total loss. SI c was
in charge of Hay & Wright at the t! r.e
undergoing repairs and there was no
watchman aboard. It Its believed that the
fire was due to spontaneous combustion
of rags and refuse that had been left in
the paint chest.
JOSEPH MARISTANY DOES
NOT WANT TO DIE ALONE
OAKLAND, Nov. 9.— Determined not to
live through his declining years in soi(
tude and loneliness and notwithstanding
his third matrimonial experience proved
exceptionally stormy -and disastrous finan
cially, Joseph Marißtany, aged 12 years,
and reputed at one time to be one cf the
wealthiest property owners in Alumedu,
was to-night quietly married for the
fourth time. Annette Freimann, aged 42
years, and perhaps more familiarly known
as Mine. liarbidge, being the bride this
time.
The marriage, which will create 'inl
versal surprise, was solemnized at the
home of the bride and groom, corner of
Alameda avenue and Oak street, in the
Kncinal city, shortly after S o'clock this
evening, Rev. W. 11. Fulton, pastor of the
United Presbyterian Church of that city,
oifiriating. The affair was unostentatious,
only a very few close friends being in
formed and invited.
Barely four weeks ago Mine. Harbldge
took a year's lease on the two-story build
ing at Alameda avenue and Oak street,
owned by Marlstany, and opened in it
the Alameda ladles' cloak and suit par
lors, removing from San Francisco. The
upper story was fitted out as living rooms
at a considerable expense, defrayed by
Maristany, who incidentaJly retained or
rented one of these rooms from Ainu-.
Harbidge for himself. The new tenant's
cloak and suit business seemed to llourish
and Maristany soon found himself com
missioned as a special messenger and
buyer of silk goods for the madaxne.
Suspicion was aroused to-day when
Maristany. In rather an excited frame of
mind, called upon several Alameda mln-
Isters, among them Rev. W. W. Scudder
of the First Congregational Church and
Rev. F. S. Brush of the First Presbyterian
Church, asking them to officiate at his
marriape. Scudder and Brush had prt >-t-
OUB origagf-nvrHs and Rev. Mr. Fulton
was recommended and secured. Late this
afternoon Mr. Maristany called with a
friend at the County Clerk's office and
took out the marriage license. His ?\ge
and that of Mme. Harbidge was given as
above, his nativity Spain and hers Jn
dlana. He was solicitous that the strict
est secrecy be observed. He is well
known on both sides of the bay and did
not wish his acquaintances to learn of his
latest matrimonial step.
"I am fretting old now," he said, "r.nd
don't propose to pass my remaining days
in singleness, without a friend or rela
tive to care for me should I become si-'k
and infirm. It's nobody's business out
our own."
The aged groom's previous marriage re
sulted in a sensational divorce. Ho had
married Mabel S. Sperry, an accomplished
young -woman said to be well connected
in the East. Their married life provsd
short and stormy, and finally about three
years ago, after a sensational trial, in
volving valuable property rights. Mabel
B. Maristany was granted a decree of di
vorce, together with several houses and
lots and not less than $25,000. Maristnriy
at the time claimed that as a precaution
'in the event of the death of himself or
■wife he had had executed two sets of
deeds to his property, one conveying from
him to her. the other from her to him,
the survivor to record the deeds wherein
he or she was named as grantee; and that
the wife, after their troubles began,
proved very much nlive by recording her
deeds. The' court, however, awarded her
the property, she having established that
it was giver her as a Christmas present.
Arrested for High Misdemeanor.
OAKLAND. Nov. 9.— J. A. King, a
wards, W. Hoessli, H. L. Kiel, O. R.
Hunter, C. F. Forrest, I. W. Flem
mlng. P. J. Flynn, W. H. Collide, W.
S. Hoessll, J. C. Burke, R. H. Bar
nard, A. J. Boyer, O. A. Putzker, C. J.
McManus, J. M. Kelley, C. Lamb. A.
H. McDonald, Murk A. Thomas, E,
McElroy, H. Miller, D. F. Oliver. S. 11.
Phelan," A. L. Pfeiffer, William Rohr
baclier, A. Rledy, H. Spencer. C. G.
Smith, P. P. Summers, W. V. Stecker,
C. R. Thompson. Dr. O. Carpenter.
The chief event on November 17 Will
be between Charlie Tye avid <jeorge
Simpson, who will box ten -ounds,
and C. Racconl and Jack Smith, who
will also fight ten rounds. Charlie
rancher residing about eight miles above
Lake Chabot, was arrested last night on
a charge of polluting the waters of San
Leandro Creek. The violation is th« re
sult of Kind's outhouses and barns being
so situated that the drainage runs into
the creek. The complaint Is sworn to by
Sanitary Inspector Samuel Smith. The
charge constitutes a hish misdemeanor
and will require a preliminary examina
tion, which will take place In Justice
Qulnn's court next week.
Health Board Politics.
OAKLAND, Nov. 9.— At the meeting of
the Board of Health to-morrow night
some changes may be mad" in the as
sistant sanitary inspectors. D. A. O'Brien
and William Dickerson are anxious for
appoint men t.
PACIFIC IMPROVEMENT
COMPANY DISSOLVED
Winding Up of the Affairs of the
Branch of the Southern Pacific
Announced.
NEW YORK. Nov. 9.— The winding up
of thf affairs of the Pacific Improvement
Company of, California la semi-offlcially
announced. The company is capitalized
at $.",,000,000 and T. 11. Hubbard is lta presi
dent. It was organized twenty yours ago
an a contracting and construction com
pany in the Interests of the Southern Pa
cific, and it was Identified with many of
this system's enterprices. Including f he
building of the Hotel del Monti? at Monte
rey.
The decision to wind up the affairs <.f
the company was reached In the recent
conferences l>i tween Collia 1\ Huntlngton,
Mrs. Letand Btanford, George ("rucker
and General Thomas 11. Hubbard, who
represented th« .Mark Hopkins-Searles in
terests in the Southern Pacific.
Conferences on the subject of liquidating
the affairs of the Improvement Company
are being held every day in the Mills
building, but the end arrived at will not
be reached for many ninths, us it is a
big concern, and each detail of liquidation
must be taken up separately. When the
assets are realized they will be divided
between the four Interests named.
WALES IS FIFTY-EIGHT.
Celebration of the Birthday of Albert
Edward.
LONDON', Nov. P.— The fifty-eighth
birthday of the Princo of Wales was cele
brated to-day. St. Paul's, Westminster
and other chimes were pealed, the publid
buildings floated the royal standard, 83
--lutes were fired at Windsor, at the tower
of London and the Horse Guards paraded.
The Prince celebrated his birthday at
SandrinKhnm. where he entertained Lord
Roseb^ry and other distinguished quests.
In Next Sunday's Call
NOVEMBER 12, 1899.
♦
:: how I conducted :
|| DIVINE SERVICE ON THE {
|| FIRING LINE. ♦
" By REV. CHARLES M. DALEY of t»V ♦
ii South Dakota Volunteers- '
(l ____________ \ i
5 INTERIOR VIEWS i;
♦ OF ADMIRAL DEWEY'S jj
{ NEW HOME. ||
i THE PEARL DIVERS OF SULU.
I FOUND IN THE PHILIPPINES.
t By GENERAL CHARLES KINO-
!' : I:
I CULTIVATING TEA IN AMERICA. {
♦ BOOK REVIEWS ||
|| BY PROF- H- B. LATHROP {
11 Of Stanford University. ' *
; CALIFORNIA'S PRETTIEST GIRLS |
■ ♦ ■ - — : : i
1 DOMESTIC SCIENCE, FASHIONS, THE AT- j
:; RICAL STARS, AND A DOZEN ♦
:: OTHER INTERESTING FEATURES ♦
♦ •
[ . - y
The Magazine Section of the Sunday Call
is now recognized as the most interesting and
artistic Sunday supplement published on the
Pacific Coast.
( OF THE
Tye Is in splendid condition, and his
affair with George Simpson, who is
the lnstVuctor of the new West Oak
land Athletic Club, promises good
sport. Racconl of the Olympic Club
was over here a month ago and won a
rattling bout from Billy Springtield.
and his contest with Smith will be in
teresting. There will be one or two
minor events.
The Reliance has made several im
provements in Its many departments
since the large influx of new member
ship. The gymnasium, which will be
crowded on November 17, has been
fitted up so that a large nu iber of
visitors besides the total membersh'p
of the club can be accommodated.
OLD SHOTGUN
SHELL PROVED
BAD PLAYTHING
Leo Lynch Severely
Burned.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. Nov. 9.
An old shotgun shell left carelessly ;y
--ing about In a back yard is responsible
for the eerious injuries sustained last
evening by Leo Lynch, the six-year-old
son of John Lynch, employed in the otllce
Of the Commissioner of Immigration in
San Francisco.
The boy had found the shell, cut it
open and set tire to it, when th • powd'-r
flashed, setting his clothes on fire,
destroying hi? long locks of hair ami
burning him seriously about the face and
hands. His eyelashes were serred and
bis tongue did not escape the heat of. the
flames.
The littles fellow's agonizing .creams
brought his mother and sister out into the
back yard, and to their prompt action
and BUCC9M in extinguishing the names
Is due the fact that the child was not
burned to death.
The lad, unconscious, was carried 'nto
the house and Dr. William Kergan sum
moned. The burns about the eyes were
found to be particularly serious. It is
feared that the eyesight has been im
paired, but the real extent of the in
juries will not be definitely known for
several days.
Wife-Beater Arrested.
OAKLAND, Nov. 9.—C. H. Mullen was
arrested this afternoon by Officers Moore
and Curtis for beating his wife at the
home of her mother, Mr?. M. Dennis,
1659V4 Klphth street. The officers were
summoned by telephone, and when they
arrived at the scene they found Mrs.
Mullen bleeding from the mouth, her head
bruised, her lair disheveled, her gar
ments torn and she was weeping bitterly,
while the husband stood by intoxicated
and in an Ugly mood. She pointed to
him and stated to the officers that he had
brutally beaten her. Once behind the City
Prison's bars Mullen repented and de
clared that he was heartbroken, because
one of his sons was sick and not expected
to live.
910
: SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
•until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:SO p. m.
£00. Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
«15 Lnrkin street: open until 9:30 p. m.
3941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
< 2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
■until 9 p. m.
106 El**<enth street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No, L K. .=.
T. 8 Post st.— Regular assembly THIS 'fiaj*
EVENING. Order of the Temple. All PI
frati-rs cordially Invited. Wjs3
SIR JOHN TONNTNGSEN. ▼
Commander.
TKEBA Buena Lodge of Perfection No. "is?*
I.— Regular meeting THIS (FRIDAY) 1\
EVENING. at 8 o'clock. D. I. >K\
•■ GEO. J. li' 'UK, Secretary. «g&»
CCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. and A. ■
THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING, at^V-
-7:30 o'clock. First degree. By order of j£3f
the W. M. /V>
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
COURT Occidental No 6676. A. O. F.- ••s,&*
Office— and members are notified to at v^f
tend funeral of our deceased brother jt'S.
RICHARD McCONNVILLE. Service* »_3
' at A. O. F. Hall, 102 O'Farrell St.. at 13:30
p. m.. SUNDAY, November 12. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery. By order
NEIL O'NEILL, C. R.
ANNUAL meeting— Regular annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Honolulu Sugar Com-
pany, will be held at the office of the com-
pany. No. 327 Market St., San Francisco. Cal.,
on MONDAY, the 20th day of November,
1*99, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the
purpose of electing a board of directors to
' serve for the ensuing year, and the transac-
tion of such other business as may come
before the meeting. Transfer books will close
' en Tuesday, November 14, 1899, at $ o'clock
p. m. B. H. SHELDON'. Secretary.
'ANNUAL maeting — Regular annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Honolulu Plantation
Company will be held at the office of the
company, No. 327 Market st., San Francisco,
Cal.. on MONDAY, the 20th day of Novem-
bar, IS3S. at the hour of 11 a. m.. for the
purpose of electing a board of directors to
eerve for the ensuing year, and the transac-
tion of mich other business as may coma
before- the meeting. Transfer books will close
on Tuesday, November 14, 1599 at 8 o'clock
p. m. F. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
'THE regular annual meeting of the stockhold-
ers of th« California Wine Makers' Corpora-
tion will be held In the Assembly Hall of the
Mills building, San Francisco, at 11 a. m.,
WEDNESDAY, November IS, US9. California
Wine Makers' Corporation.
By W. J. HOTCHKISS, Secretary.
SPECIAL meeting— A special meeting of the
stockholders of the OCCIDENTAL BEET
HL'OAR COMPANY will be held at the office
of the company, 827 Market St.. In the City
»nd County of San Francisco, State of Cali-
fornia, on SATURDAY, the lKth day of No-
vember. 1?39. at 11 o'clock a. m., for the pur-
pose ot considering a preposition to disin-
corporate the company.
■ E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. KING, sixth floor. Chron-
icle building; no advance charges; all cases;
estates, mortgages, damages, collections,
bankruptcy, wills, etc, drawn; moderate
fees; call or write.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, S5O Market, cor. Ptocktn.
NOAH F. FLOOD, &3. . Market st.. opp. Mason;
consultation free; moderate fees.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market; consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, ;<:7 Market St., op r . Mason.
810 I REPAIRS.
THOS. H. B. VARNEY, Market and Tenth.
RAMBLER AND IDEAL BICYCLES.
REPAIRING A SPECIALTY.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
EDDY. 123— United States Hotel; room* $1 59
week up, with board $5 50; suit for two with
board, $12; board, $4 week; meals, 250; ele-
vator runs all night.
A NEW family hotel, 807 California st.. occu-
py in- corner opposite Grace church.
LAS PALMAS. 1820 Market— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private: bath; sin. rms.: board optional.
O'FARRELL. 329— Nice large front. room with
•board, suitable for two gents.
"BELGRAVIA.'.' Polk ami Clay— Sunny suites;
beet board: for 2. $45 up; single. $20.
O'FARRELL. 742— Large sunny front rooms;
good homo cookine; also single r ■■■ms, $20 up.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
BY German lady. 2 children to board, aged
from 2 to 6. 30 Willow aye., near Eddy Bt-
REFINED, experienced nurse has * comfort-
able hnnif for- children. - ,3IA Castro St.
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmeg 'g'Vik Co.. 704 Mission St.. near Third.
BOOTS ANl> SHOES.
CHILDREN'S shoes. 60c; boys' coin lace shoes,
isc; ladles' chocs, $1 up; men's dress shoes,
$1 25; Mad for price list. People's Shoe Store,
■1303 Stookton St., near Broadway.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
kA— s3oo: HOME bakery and restaurant on Ellis
st. ; cheap rent; splendidly paying. Call R. >
a. WILKE. SC6 Market st.
>.— S6OO— BOARDING-HOUSE with 11 finely fur-
Dlshed rooms; rent $8.-; first-class paying; j
widow Is compelled to sacrifice. Particulars
R. G. WILK!:, 906 Market st.
A— s3so; SALOON close to Wells-Fargo bldg.;
doing a good paying business: low rent; value
for your money. ■ Call R. G. WILKE, SO6
Market et. .
>.— s?M>; MILLINERY store across the bay; fine
stock and good trade, with lease; rent $10; 2
living rooms; sickness causa of sale, R. G.
WILKE, SOS Market st.
A— SIOOO— SALOON In wholesale district; establ.
yearn and doing a good paying business; no
night or Sunday work; rent $60. Call R. Q.
WILKE, 9C6 Market st.
.ssoo— BKANCII bakery and stationery; Western
Addition, close to schoolhouse; furniture of
living rooms included; sickness of owner cause
of Bale; bargain. R. G. WILKE. Ki6 Market.
DAY saloon, established years; daily receipts
about $60; a long lease; only first-class cus-
tom; a chance of a lifetime; investigate at
once. R. G. WILKE, 906 Market st.
[$UOO— SALOON: e*tab. SO yrs.; Grant aye., nr.
Butter; splendidly paying; large place to open
dancehall. Call R. G. WILKE, KM Market.
'<SW— CREAMERY and delicacy business; prin-
cipal street; large transient and regular trade;
low rent; investigate. M. LESS, 765 Market.
'$125 — FRUIT and vegetable store; best part of
' city; full value In sight; business speaks for
itself; a snap. M. LESS, 766 Market st.
FURNITURE, carpet, stove; central: bast
part city; nothing better; value In stock; Im-
mense trade; trial. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
I S3SO— PARTNER wanted In commission bugl-
ness estab. many years; good business; must
be sober, steady man. M. LESS. 765 Market.
1100— PARTNER to take retiring partner's place
in paying saloon. ALFA CO., 935 Market st.
;<IOO— PARTNER wanted In light genteel busi-
ness, easily learned. ALFA CO., 935 Market.
'PARTNER wanted to buy and run first-class
restaurant. ALFA CO.. 935 Market st.
YOUNG men wants partnership In some legiti-
mate, paying business. ALFA CO., 935 Market.
S4SOO— HOTEL for sale, exchange or lease; 30
furnished rooms, bar and bowline alley, in
heart of adjacent city. ALFA CO.. 935 Mrkt.
BARBERS— 3-chalr hotel barber shop for sale
In tho center of this city; reason, death of pro-
prietor. For particulars call on H. SCHBU-
NERT, 927 Market st.
WILL pay from $300 to $500 for a well-fitted
and paying cigar stand: leave particulars
with agents. SCHOTTLER & CO.. 632 Market.
BUSINESS opportunity wanted: either whole or
half share; mfg. or store business preferred:
Will invest between $200 and $500. Leave par-
ticulars with SCHOTTLER & CO.. 832 Mrkt
DENTAL practice; 4 chairs; • No. 1 location,
rooms and outfit: chance of lifetime; 24 years
_ established. COWING & CO., 995 Market st.
BOARDING and rooming house; centrally lo-
cated; nets $S0 per month. COWING & CO
905 Market st.
GROCERY: good location; fine stock; must b»
sold this day. COWING & CO.. 995 Market st.
A— DRAYING, exp, and transfer bus.; no
competition; best town on coast; clears $200
monthly. KREDO & CO., 2214 Geary st.
TO let — Hotel 50 rooms; saloon, billiard and
dining-room; near boat landing; town of 2500;
$1000 will start you. Kredo & Co.. 22% Geary.
$300— BUTCHER shop; corner; good loca-
tion; trade $20 to $30 per day: everything new
and ocrnpletet. CITY BUSINESS EX-
HANGE. 1032 Market st.
WOOD and 'coal yard: bargain; this day.
MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 777% Market st.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
FOR sale— ln a suburban city, a crockery busi-
ness and oil route doing profitable and sale
business; capital Involved about $4000. For
particulars apply between 11 and 12 o'clock to
F. W. DOHRMANN. 122 Butter st.
FOR — Grocery and bar; north of Market
St.; doing fine business; nice neighborhood;
fine place for man understanding the busi-
ness; good reasons for selling. Address box
2415, Call office.
ARE you looking for a good-paying investment
of $1000 or $2000 In a business where you can
be active? If bo. Investigate this proposition
by addressing box 2419, Call office.
FOR sale— Chophouse; nicely fitted; doing good
business. 5 Polk st.
TWO furn rooms,' dining-room, to rent; fine lo-
cation; can take boarders. Box 2535. Call.
$4500— LOT 100x200; corner San Leandro road
and Rose st.. near Frultvale; on electric car
line; new building; 7 living rooms; large
store and saloon; elegant grounds: stable and
warehouse; 9 rustic outhouses; finest road-
Bide resort in Alameda County; selling on
account of sickness; $2500 down; balance easy
terms. Apply to owner on premises, C.
CLUNDT, San Leandro road, also Call
Branch, Oakland; San Leandro electrlo car
passes door.
FOR sal* at sacrifice; retiring from business:
wholesale and retail store, established 26
years; suitable for wholesale and retail gro-
cery or drug store or hotel; can be rented
separate; long lease If desired. GEO. MON-
NIER. 1153 Howard, bet. Seventh and Eighth.
$1000— PARTNER wanted as cashier and to at-
tend to cigar store; 8 hours' work a day; $20
guaranteed first week; no agents wanted; call
In person. 1206 Market St.; barber shop.
$8200— HOTEL, 60 rooms; richly furnished; good
will; splendid business; grand location. E. E.
BONCE, 908 Broadway, Oakland.
SMALL restaurant and branch bakery; est. 16
yrs.; for sale account sickness. 1147 Howard.
PARTNER wanted In a produce business. Call
4 p, m. , 1128 Harrison Et-
HALF-INTEREST of Brooklyn Hotel barber
shop for sale. 210 Bush at.
MAN with small capital wants business of
tome kind. Box 2349. Call office^
FOR sale — Blacksmith shop; cause of telling,
death of owner. Apply at 22 Cortland aye.
LONG-ESTABLISHED central delicacy store;
low rent: $175 monthly profit. Call at onoe
on MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market st.
FOR sale— Saloon, restaurant and lodging-
house. 746 Fourth St.. corner Berry.
; BRANCH bakery: dairy produce for sale.
Address box 2528, Call office.
GOOD paring restaurant for sale; receipts $20
to $30 per day; sickness cause for Belling.
Box 2962. Call' office.
CIGAR store for sale; desirable location; new
stock and fixtures. 801 California st.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant In center of the town
for sale; cheap. Box 2904. Call office^
A CHANCE of a lifetime: a partner with $"(*)
In a restaurant. Box P2S. Call office.
FOURTH, 303— A 20- room house well furnished:
good paying house; good location.
FIRST-CLASS French liquor store; established
25 years ago; horse, wagon, cellar, etc. 1401
Powell st.
PRIVATE house; 15 rooms; 20 regular boarders;
north of Market. Box 247. Call office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CAS WELL & CO.'S. 412 Sacramento st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and'
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Bts. Open till 9 p. m.
! A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at ICJ6 Va-
lencia st.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
,_,_,„.. . _r^,_-^_-.-.-^^,_-,--..-^.-.-^.-, J -.^.-^-.-,-r. I
I FINE top buggy, almost new; business buggy,
new; business wagons, new, suitable for dry
goods stores; rockaway. S2S Harrison Bt.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission Ft.
100 SETS second-hand harness: wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to BPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
CITY Steam Carpet beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-40 Bth St.; tel. South 2;' O.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth ft.: tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
j Gate aye.: tel. East 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing: a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
Agent. Office and factory, 21 Spear st.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
i MRS. DR. CLARK,
tho well-known trance medium, may be con-
sulted on all affairs of life. While entranced
ehe will reveal every hidden mystery: she will
thaw you how to overcome your enemies; re-
move "family troubles: restore lost affections;
unite the separated; recovers lost, stolen or
buried property; locates minerals: tells your
entire life, while In a perfect trance; satis-
faction guaranteed by mall: send stamp for
circular with special terms. MRS. Dll. I- .
CLARK, 205 Turk st. Home Sundays and
evenings.
i MRS J J. WHITNEY, the celebrated test
medium life reader and medical clairvoyant:
sittings Hi diagnosis free; "new method
treatment for chronic, private, obscure dis-
I ease*: send stamp for circular. 232 Stockton.
MME MELBOURNE, gifted clairvoyant: never
falls; satisfaction guaranteed; hours. 1:30 to 5
p. m.. 7-10 p. m.; L.. 25c; G.. BOc. 612^ Eddy.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; best advice in difficult mat-
ters. I Hayes St., room 7. second floor.
JOHN SLATER circle to-night, 8:15; sittings
daily, 10 to 4. 1809 Stookton, near Greenwich.
EDWARD EARLE, Independent slatewrlter,
330 Ellis St.: circle Sun. and Wed. evenings.
PROF. GEE. medium, sees and tells every-
thing; BOc, $1; circle nightly. 25c. 1035 Market.
ATTEND Mrs. Harland's test circle to-night;
I Questions ans.; 10c; life read, dally. 84 Sixth.
C V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
Bp. m. ; 250. 409 L^avenworth st.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader: Be up. 73 Fourth 6t., near Mission.
MRS. BURSH, 245 Fourth St.. Napoleon card
reader and sympathy healer; prices reasonable.
i — Professor Haley; reads life, cradle
to grave. 50c, $1. 39 Turk, parlors 25 and 26.
GYPSY life reader; satisfaction guaranteed;
2»c; correct answers to all questions. 6 7th st.
MRS. C. J. MEYER, 335 McAllister; readings;
, tests dally, 10c; dr., Mon., Frl., 25c, 2-8 p. m.
MME. SYBILLE— CradIe to crave: future, hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry, loo; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 212% Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 250 up. 5 Fourth st.
CLINIC.
CALIFORNIA Medical College, 1422 Folsom;
free medical and surg. treatment: 9 to 12 m.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
■ less successful. Room 310. 027 Market st.
■
COTTAGES TO LET.
i E-ROOM rear cottage. 1 Larkin place, off Lar-
' kin St., bet. Ellis and O'Farrell.
i COTTAGE 4 room!", yard. $10. Key 632 Second.
St., near Brannan. ' '.
| COTTAGE of 4 rooms and yard; rent $8. 1031^
Lombard St.. near Hyde.
I REAR cottage; 3 rooms and bath; $8. 619 Cas-
tro st.
8 SUNNY rooms and basement: rent $11. 3603
Twenty-sixth St.. bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
DENTISTS.
A— DRT'TTsr~HIG GINS' dental parlors! 927
Market St., over Cafe 2>inkand— Teeth extract- i
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas '
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap- |
plied to the gums; the best and most artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up;, other fillings from 60c;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and !
filled or crowned without pain; plates that fit
from $4 60 up; flesh colored plates from $3 60
up; teeth without plates a specialty; open
evenings and Sundays.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 10 O'Farrel! St., e«-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2: bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received B' first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH extracted free; the best work; the low-
est prices: all work warranted and painless;
teeth without plates a specialty. Modern
Dental Parlors, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, FETBAT, NOVEMBER 10, 1899.
DENTISTS.
1 A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry,
Synol, on application to the gums, removes
the pain; see our flesh colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber; warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings. 60c; crowns, $3 60; plates,
full set, $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. £09 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
| $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 60 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, * to !
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 19
operators; no students. . 997 Market st.
DR. LtJDLUM HILL, 14« Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk St.
MEYER— Deutscher Zfahnarzt, 6 Turk: lst-class
work: prices reas.: gas; crown & bridge work.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.. 8 graduate opera-
tors; open evenings and Sundays. 8. .0 Market.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush;
full set teeth, $4; crowns, ?3; fillings, 25c.
LOWEST prices in S. F. ; work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists. 967 Mission, cor. 6th.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, or » per year.'
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
S. F. Dressmaking, ladies' Tailoring parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 287 Geary: dresses
made $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
MR~~and~^Mßa ~W?~F?~AYRES have returned
from their vacation and resumed personal su-
pervision over Ay res' Business College; new
and progressive methods In all branches: the
only school In the city having the right to
use the practical Budget system of bookkeep-
ing; life scholarship {50; tend for catalogue.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.. 8. F:;
practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.; new SO-page catalogue free.
MISS M. G. BARRETT is unable to fill all de-
mands for her shorthand graduates and de-
sires more pupils: lessons personally and by
mall. 302 Montgomery st.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market St.
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical, mining,
mech., survey, assay, arch!.: day and even.;
eM. 1564. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
PRIVATE lessons; English branches; coaching,
telegraphing; 3 to 6 or 7 to I p. m. Box 2407.
Call office.
FRENCH, Spanish, etc. Prof. De FUlppe's
Academy of Languages, S2O Post; ablest profs.
LAW schools, J27 Market, B. F.. and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night: correspondence.
■ PROF. MERKI'S mandolin club resumes Nov.
2: new members welcome: ref. 1008 Mission.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busl-
ness College. 806 Larkin st.. opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission, nr. tth.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly*
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
TQPtufp naid
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
FIELD'S Employment Agency— Help furnished
free. 655 Clay st. ; phone Davis *21.
JAPANESE Information Bureau: Japanese and
Chinese help. 421 Post; phone Main 1956.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414^ O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. OAKI. 30 Geary st.: tel. Orant M.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires a situa-
tion; also a first-class Swedish cook; best
ref.: city or country. MISS H. CULLINAN,
823 utter St.; phone Main 651.
COMPETENT woman with a child desires a I
situation as housekeeper: city or country;
best ref. MISS H. CULLINAN, 823 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires a situa-
tion; also a first-class Swedish cook; best
ref.; city or country. MISS H. CULLINAN.
323 Sutter St.; phone Main 661.
NEAT young girl desires a situation as nurse j
girl or will assist in housework. MISS H.
CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st.
THREE first-class German cooks desire situa-
tions; also a rman second girl. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 3*16 Butter st.
NEAT conscientious Eastern woman wishes po-
sition as housekeeper for two or more lady
teachers or small family; best of references.
Call or address MRS. X., 1714 Polk Bt.
741 HOWARD st, bet. Third and Fourth—
experienced woman as first-class cook and
pastry; restaurant, hotel or boarding house;
best of references; city or country.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants place for light
housework; moderate wages; good home; ref-
erences: city or country. Call two days, 747
Howard st.
DANISH girl, lately from the East, Is a first-
class cook, would like a place as oook In
American family: willing to do some plain
washing; wages $25 to $30. Box 2420, Call.
YOUNG woman with one child wishes position
as working housekeeper In widower's family
of 2 or 3; city preferred; references. Call or
address 1049 A Market et., room 60.
RELIABLE young girl for general work and
king or upstairs work and waiting. Call at
221 Hickory aye.
YOUNG German-American woman would Ilka
a situation as housekeeper or chambcrwork.
Call 210 East st. South.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation to as-
sist In housework; kind to children; refer-
ences. Box 2982, Call office. •
RESPECTABLE woman wants work by the
day or do general housework. 1126 Howard st.
DISTINGUISHED Italian lady and daughter,
speaking English, of correct manners and
habits, wish employment as companion to
lady or children or chambermaids. Address
box 130 L Call.
TWO German girls wish situations to do gen-
eral housework or upstairs work. Please call
13 Lucky aye., near Folsom St.. between
Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth sts. r-'
WANTED, by a German girl, a situation as
cook and general housework. Address S Clay
St., near, East.
YOUNG German sirl as nurse; will do plain
sewing; willing and obliging. Box 2402, Gall.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at -Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night; $160 to $8
' week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
EMPLOYMENT AY ANTED — MALE.
GARDENER, good propagator and general gar-
dener, can run gasoline engine, do coach-
man's and any stable work, references, de-
sins situation; private place. Box 2416, Call.
EXPERIENCED salesman, stenographer and
typewriter, wishes situation; can furnish ma-
chine; best of references. Address box 2380,
Call office.
MAN and wife, want situations on ranch; man
as ranch hand and wife as cook. Call or ad-
dress H. D., 474 Jessie St.
. WANTED— Position as meat cutter or night
cook in hotel or restaurant. Address Lick
Restaurant, Tenth and Howard sts. .
SALESMAN; 14 years' experience with city and
country trade; best of references. Box 2413
Call office. '
GOOD blacksmith and horseshoer hand with
any kind of tools. Address 570 Minna St.
WANTED— A steady Job by a steady man as
caretaker or Janitor on small property; a
good painter and paperhanger; can do jobbing
carpentering and plumbing; has his own tools
Address H. W. 8.. Frultvale.
RELIABLE, sober man wants situation as
coachman or man about place: understands
care of all domestic animals and fowls; good
gardener and driver; good references. Ad-
dress J. W., 417 Powell st.
SCANDINAVIAN, 31 years old. with best of
reference, wants work on private place or
small ftirm, where he could have rood home
Address box 2405, Call.
FIRST-CLASS barber would like to manage
or work In first-class shop. Address box
2409, Call. '
JAPANESE honest schoolboy wants place-
work as cook or waiter in Email family; has
good references. BADA, 1010 Pine st.
FIRST-CLASS bartender desires position; best
of references. Address box 2406. Call.
BARBER. 2 years* experience, wants steady
Job. Box 2509, Call office.
WANTED— lnside work of any kind by young
man; no night work. Address H. X., 149 3d.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
A— A— sso OFFERED by competent accountant
and salesman for information leading to per-
manent position at reasonable compensation.
Address box 2997. Call office.
WANTED— Work by young man at window and
house cleaning by the day; carpets cleaned.
HENRY ANDERSEN, 852 Bush St., telephone
East 963.
YOUNG man, 24, seeks situation; caji look after
horses If necessary. G. CLARKE, 573 Har-
rison st.
AN Al bookkeeper wants permanent position;
quick, accurate and competent to take full
charge of office; first-class c!ty references;
Address ACCOUNTANT Cc«mopolltan Hotel,
cor. Fifth and Mission sis.
INDUSTRIOUS, sober and honest gentleman
desires position as porter In wholesale house
or Bti re; understands the care of horses and
Is handy with tools. Box 2570, Call.
SITUATION wanted by competent man on a
small ranch; understands fnilt. general farm-
ing, poultry and vegetable raising; references.
Address box 8977. Call office. >
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fiilmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky stw. Open till S p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
EXCHANGE.
$6000— FOR sale or exchange; good city income
business property; will take flats or cottage
in the Mission. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Mi
Market Bt.
GOOD renting Oakland property for ranches.
J. IT. EPSON. 12no Broadway. Oakland.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYEHLE. German expert optician.
1071H Market st.. San Francisco: mm. free.
FLATS TO LET.
BAY window, S rooms and yard; basement. 18
Hampton place, off Folsom, near Third.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
FLAT of 6 large sunny rooms and bath; rea-
sonable. 36-17 Sacramento, comer of Spruce.
FLAT of 8 rooms; $J. 70 Laskie sL. off Mis-
sion.
FLATS— Just completed; modern 6 and 7 rooms;
yard; basement. 1933 O'Farrell hL
HOWARD. 2726— 527 60; furnished flat; 6 rooms;
piano.
M-ALLISTER, 1129— Upper flat. 7 rooms, with
light ar.d sun; reasonable to good tenant.
MIDDLE flat 4 rooms and bath; rent $14. 6
Dearborn St., off Seventeeth, nr Valencia.
PINE. 1336, near O'Farrell— Sunny upper flat 6
rooms; bath; rent $12.
RENT $16: house of 8 rooms, yard and view.
10? l Lombard st.
SUNNY flat of 6 rooms and bath. 1412 Califor-
nia St., near Hyde.
BUNNY new style flat, 7 rooms and bath; mid-
dle flat. 738 Fourteenth Ft.
SUNNY bay-window flats. 7 rooms and 2 kitch-
ens each; first and second floors. 417"4 Third.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 papea. In wrapper, for mnlllng. 11 per year.
FLATS TO LET — FIRM SHED.
GROVE. Sis, near Fiilmore— Handsome sunny
flat, 6 rooms, furnished or unfurnished; stable
If desired; references.
II RMTIRi; I Oil SALE.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all sizes, $2 M;
heavy mattlnp. 10c per yard; 3 n x6o inch rugs,
$1. Eastern Outfitting Co., 1310-1312 Stockton
Ft., near Broadway: njien evening.
NEWLY and well furnished flat; 7 rooms; park
location. Address box 9:3, Call.
635 PAGE St.— For sale, elegant furniture of
S rooms; flat for rent.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for S4S 50. with No.
7 nrntc Klne Furniture Co., 1127-11S1 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
ALFRFI> WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays
the highest price for your 2d-hand furniture.
WANTED— S.IOOO Carpets, furniture, etc. : highest
price paid: postal. M. Stlversteln. 1121 Market.
11 BRIERS, FURS. ETC
ELECTRIC seal capes. Astrakan yokes, $10 to
$30 ROHT. WALLACE, 11.". Kearny. top floor.
EUBLP WANTED AGENTS.
WE will pay a regular salary and a commis-
sion to a selected number of high-grade
agents. We want the best men and women
to be had; those of experience and who can
be railed upon for faithful work; persistent
and energetic, of good address and with
"gumption" and the tact to secure what they
attempt. Retired ministers, school teachers,
or those seeking outdoor life, make good
agents; regular salary and a commission on
each order to tli p competent man or woman.
Call at agents' department, J. C. MURPHY,
29 Chronicle building, San Frnncisco. Pal.,
agent for the Curtis Publishing Company of
Philadelphia. Pa.
AGENTS everywhere to sell map of the battle-
fields in thr Philippines; 46x64 Inches in six
colors, showing all the movements of Eighth
Army < i rps. Write for particulars to P. K.
LA MAR, 81 First St., San Francisco,
AGENTS wanted— Coke Dandruff Cure and
other Eastern specialties. P. C. M. A.. 76
Flood bl'lc.. after 4 p. m.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
HELP WANTED— FBM ALE.
WANTED— German cook, no wash, $35; gov-
erness, country, $20; German nurse and seam-
stress. $20; waitress, country hotel, $20; laun-
dress.' country laundry, $25: German second
girl, $20; waitress and seamstress. $25; a larpe
number of girls for housework In city and
country at $20 and $25 to fill situations too
numerous to advertise. Apply to J. F. CRO-
BETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
2 WAITRESSES, Tehama Co., $20, fare paid;
waitresses for Santa Clara Co., Placer Co.,
city, $20; 2 cooks. Institution, $25 each, city; I
manglers and shaker out, city: 20 choice ;
places for housework, $20 to $25. C. It. HAN-
SEN & cc, 104 Geary eU
COOK, short distance. $30, see party here. 11
o'clock; two Institution cooks, $.V> each: two
second grlrls. $20 each; second "lrl, Oakland,
$21; 3 hniiseK-lrls, $25 each; nurse., $20; wait-
ress, country. $20: colored houseglrl. $20. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
wTdOWER of 4.1 years with t girls aged 9 and
11 has a family rooming house; wishes a com-
petent la'ly with first-class reference to take
care of house and be a mother to the chil-
dren. Box 2412, Call office.
GERMAN or Swedish girl wanted to do general
housework; muKt be good cook; small family;
good wages. Call at 1412 Geary at., near Oc-
tavia. between 10 and 2 o'clock.
WANTED— German. Swedish or Danish cook;
must be first class: references. Call between
9 and 12 a. m. at 1102 Van Ness aye.
WANTED— Nurse for child S months old; a
young woman; references. Please call at 2197
Devisadero st., near Clay.
SEAMSTRESS wanted; steady work. 892 I
Geary st.
WANTED I—Girl1 — Girl for second work and waiting.
1307 Hyde st.
WANTBP — First-class prover on dresses. Call
at 1235 Folsom Bt.
YOUNG girl to assist In light housework: $10.
12 Hartford St., off Eighteenth, near Castro.
WANTED— German girl to do housework In
small family. 132 Fourth st.
WANTED— GirI for conking and general house-
work; wages $20. 1809 Sutter st.
WANTED— A young girt for light housework^
1924 Howard st.
GIRL for light housekeeping; no washing; $2
per week. 662 Mission St.. shoe store.
LADY wanted to assist In llpht housework;
good home and fair pay for right party. 116
Taylor st., after 12 p. m., for this week.
WANTED— A good finisher on custom pants;
steady- work. 757 A Howard st.
FIRST-CLASS vest maker on vesta; good work,
good pay. 6758 Natoma Bt.
TAILORESS on coats wanted. 408 Sutter st.
GIRL for general housework at 117 Barlett st.
WANTED— An apprentice at vestmaklng. In-
at 617 Jessie st.
APPRENTICES on shirts and overalls; paid
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory,
Gough and Grove sts.
26 EXPERIENCED hands on silk and wool
waists. S. F. Mfg Co., 409 A Turk St.
RELIABLE person to do housework In small
family. 151>,A Vallejo st.
GIRL to assist with housework. Call at 4034
Seventeenth st., near Castro.
RELIABLE young woman for housework; fam-
ily of 3; reference; wages $10. 1208 Devisadero.
FIRST-CLASS skirt hands. 1435 Folk st,
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fiilmore st.
LADIES' cloaks, suit. $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co., 1306 Stockton, nr. Broadway.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
NOTICE— Workingmen in California and else-
where, looking for work, take notice that cer-
tain employment agents are advertising daily
for numbers of men and state, "We pay your
fares"; do not be misled; no employment
agents are paying fares out of their pockets;
the company placing orders with these agents
• only advance your fares (by special contract
with R. R. or steamer) and the full far* Is
taken out of your wages whether you work a
week or a month; do not be misled by such
ads; the old firm of W. D. EWER & CO., now
in connection with R. T. WARD & CO., the
oldest in California, are still the most reli-
able to get help or work from. See this: We
guarantee every position and will pay fare
both ways and refund office fees to any one
not offered work where we send him; no other
employment office in the United States gives
this guarantee; any respectable man coming
to our office for work will be treated with the
same consideration as his employer, as we
consider the one Just as much our customer as
the other, and we want to be Just to both;
come and see us before going to some unreli-
able agents. Respectfully.
W. D. EWER & CO.,
R. T. WARD & CO..
_^ r 610 Clay st.
WANTED— 3 Portuguese milkers. $30; 10 wood-
choppers, tools and provisions advanced; 10
laborers for mill and lumber yard, fare ad-
vanced; ranch teamsters. 320 to $30 per month;
farm hands, milkers and others; cook, country
hotel, $50; second cook, nice cafe, $45; baker,
email country hotel, $25; sheep herder, $25,
and others. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY
CARPENTERS CARPENTERS
WANT TO-DAY
6 carpenters, near city, 8 hours work, $3 day,
call early for this Job; blacksmith, country
shop $60
wheelwright, country shop
....TO THE GOLD AND SILVER MINES....
4 firemen $60
10 pick and shovel men $52 50
6 miners, single hand drills $75
.5 stonemasons $3 B0 day
2 rock and grading foremen $3 day
man to run small engine, ranch
....WE SHIP TO THE SAWMILLS AND....
WOODS
laborers, crosscut sawyers, edgermen, bark-
ers, woodchoppera, tiemakers, etc
harness maker $35 and found
laborers, city work $2 day
25 two-horse teamsters stablemen
farm hands, $26 to $30; milkers, $30
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
HEAD dairyman, country dairy, ..s4o and found
2 milkers, same dairy $30 and found
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
COOKS LAUNDRY HELP
Cook, small place. Trinity County. $45, fare
paid; 10 cooks, city and country, $30 to $50;
porters, country hotel; boys for bakery: milk
■wagon drivers. $35 and $40; piano player, sa-
loon. 50c fare, $30 and found; polisher, country
laundry: Dorters; first and second bakers,
$00 and $30; dishwashers, etc.
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
C. R. HANSON St CO 104 GEARY ST.
2 stonemasons, R. R. work, $3 50 a day, free
fare; 20 teamsters. Coast Road, free fare; 10
teamsters and laborers. Mountain Road, $26
and board; 6 farmers, $20 and $26 and board;
driver for delivery wagon, $40 and found; boy
to drive delivery wagon, $8 week; man and
wife, private place, $40. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
MEAT and pastry cook, country hotel, $75;
German cook, country hotel, $45; cake baker,
$40; helper. $25: baker and assist on range,
country hotel, $45. C. R. HAKSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
WANTED — 12 first-class carpenter*, short dis-
tance in country: 8 hours work. $3 day: call
early. J. ■F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED — and wife, pi-irate family. $50;
stableman and driver, $"0; choreman, $12:
farmers for fruit ranch, $20; miners, $2 25 and
$2 50 day; laborers for mines and quarries,
$2 day: woodsmen for Oregon; clothing sales-
man, $10 a week; cooks, waiters, and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento Et.
MOW open— Barbers' home; free employment
office; a social room connected for Journey-
men; bosses will be furnished free of charge
with first-class help. 1206 Market St.. near
Eighth: telephone South 61. Wm. Heberecht.
BARBERS wanted; first-class men only, at the
Barbers' Home; barbers and bosses will be
furnished free of charge with first-class help;
office hours from 8 a. m. to 5 p. m.; in con-
nection fine sitting room for unemployed bar-
bers; telephone South 51. WM. HABE-
RECHT, manager, 1205 Market Bt., corner of
Eighth, formerly of the Revere, Eureka,
Humboldt County, and Vallejo.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on' the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Secy., 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— An experienced coffee house cook.
Apply bet. 8 and 9 a. m.. 207 California st.
I WANTED — At once, 2 good shoemakers on re-
pair. 2819 Greenwich st.
WANTED— for Saturday and Sunday
at 627 Broadway.
2 BARBERS for Saturday. 757 Mission st.
TAILOR at ROOS BROS.. 25 to 37 Kearny st. ;
steady position.
BUSHELMAN wanted. SB4 Pacific et.
BOY wanted to help in a bakery who is a
good solicitor. Box 2417, Call office.
MAN to do Janitor work for his tuition at 8.
F. Barber College, 741 A Howard St.
WANTED— A night cook. Apply at 207 Third
street.
SHOEMAKER on repairing. 756 Howard st, £48
Sixth st.
STRONG boys wanted. 243 Paclflo st.
WANTED — Grocery clerk; experience. 200 Seo-
ond st.
GOOD waiter at 111 Taylor st; com* ready to
work before 9 o'clock.
BELLBOY wanted at 728 Butter st.
PAPERHANGER wanted. Call at 7:30, 835
Sixth st.
WANTED— dishwasher In restaurant. 113
Turk st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday. 638
Valencia Bt.
POLK, 1512— First-class cabinet-maker and fin-
isher.
BUTCHER wanted; a young man for cutting
and route; steady. Kentucky Market, 1512
Kentucky Bt.
WANTED — At Jamestown. Tuolumne County,
200 men; laborers, teamsters and drillmen;
free passage from Oakdale; take boat to
Stockton, cars to ' Oakdale for $1 60; good
board and good camp accommodations; work
for seven or eight months. CAMPBELL &
BTJCKMAN, 302 Montgomery st.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired; constant practice; expert Instruction;
lectures on dermatology; Saturday wages;
call or write for free Illustrated catalogue.
MOLE 8 BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Four men for office work; steady
employment; good pay. 916 Market st., r. 81.
WANTED— A good grocery clerk at SW. corner
Photwell and Twentieth sts.
600 PAIRS men's shoep, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission st., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c to
500. ' 662 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED — 100 men to try our 15c breakfast,
dinner or supper; best In city. 406 McAllister
• St., near Polk.
PENSIONS— H. SHEPARD & CO., attor-
neys, Hearst bldg. Third and Market.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices,
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO., 115 Kearny.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c, 15c and 250
per night. Lindell. 6th and Howard; read. rm.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market, st, below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions his been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions, haa been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
£ al . i 6 c pases * pent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
HORMBS, LIVE STOCK, Etc— For Sale
60 HEA P,- fln ? d raft and'drlvingr horses at 1621
and 1625 Market St., between Twelfth and
Brady; also some fine matched black teams.
LOOK out for the big sale of horses Tuesday'
c 1 OTKTVC.0 TKTVC. O A mO ?| Stabl6 ' 1617 ' Mission at!
S. W ATKINS. Auctioneer.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagon, buggies
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market!
827 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers 7 "
60 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621
and 1625 Market Bt.. between Twelfth and
Brady; also some fine matched black teams.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call-
-16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.'
HOUSES LODGING FOR SALE.
A— sl2oo; 88-ROOM Market-st. house, vicinity
Stockton st; grandest bargain in city; low
rent; a mint for any one. M. LESS, 766 Markt.
PARTY wishing to sell lodging house see BA-
SILE, S Eddy st. ; new cash buyer dally.
BARGAIN; must be sold: Philadelphia House,
421 Bush at. ; 48 rooms; 40 fur. ; gas and water.
10-ROOM lodging house, all full; paying house;
no agents or triflers. Call 604^ Mission st.
BOARDING and rooming house; nets $30;
must sell to-day. Owner, box 2408. Call.
LODGING-HOUSE of 13 rooms, all occupied,
for sale at 2 Washington st.
HOWARD, 704, cor. Third— Nice corner house;
S3 rooms; all rooms full: cheap.
HOUSES TO LET.
A^PRINTET) list; houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
TO let, $10— Four-room house in rear of shoe
store, 147 Fourth st. ; suitable for tailor's
workshop; dry, good order; water free.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOW ELL,
10 Montgomery st.
HYPNOTISM.
DR. EDWARD FISCHER, renowned hypnotist
and clairvoyant; teaches the art. 14. Sixth.
LOST AND FOUND.
L^T^On~Mlssfon road, near Five-mile House,
buggy robe and whip. Return to Pioneer Sa-
loon. Sixteenth and Valencia sts.; reward :
LOST on Oakland ferry boat— Purse contain-
ing money and gloves. Return to 2757 Iwenty-
fourth St.: reward^
LOST or stolen— Eskimo dog; reward for wh«rt-
abouts. J. G. Gallagher, IPS San .lose aye.
MEDICAL.
MRirDR?^v7YETH. ladies' physician; consul-
tation free; home for patients in confinement
or with chronic diseases; jruaranteed treat-
ment at office, $5. 'J42 Post St., between Hyde
and Larkin; hours. 10 to 5, 7 to 8.
PRIVATE home for patients in confinement or
chronic diseases, with best possible care.
MRS DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy St.. bet. Hyde
and Larkin. Office hours— lo to 12, 2to 4 and
7 to 8.
PRIVATE confinement home; sunny rooms;
best of care; nice garden; medicated steam
baths for ladies. DR. and MRS. WEGENER,
phune Pine 2781; ros. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies' physician, 1122 Mar-
ket St., bet. Mason and Taylnr; guaranteed
treatment at office. $5; hours 9a. m. to sp. m.
DRP. GOODWIN, formerly of 401 Van Neas aye.
and 1362 Market st, has returned from Eu-
rope and is now at 118 Eddy st.
DR. POPPER, ladies' practical physician for
37 years: call on physician with man's knowl-
edge; cure $5. 318 K^arny; consultation free.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist, 1118 Market
St.; every case guaranteed; $5 up.
HOME in confinement; treatment $5; consulta-
tlon free. MRS. ALLEN. 22S Van Ness aye.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladies' specialist, 1023 Mi Market St.
MRS. DR. DA VIES, ladles' physician. 1228
Market st.. b»t Tnylor and Jones.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
»«?<»!= of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSII & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; n<»w and second-
hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1013-1021-1023 Mission
Et.. above Sixth
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
NICE diamond stud for $39 at UNCLE HAR-
RIS', 15 Grant aye.
CREAM of Irish setter blood; prices reason-
able. Glenmore Kennels, 2041 Linden, Oakland.
TWO-STORY new building to be removed on
account of Santa Fe depot. 21 Bryant St.,
near Main.
CLOSING out of 300 new and 2d-hand heaters
and ranges; from $1 up. 213 Fourth st.
BOILERS, enginps. drill presses, planers, lathes,
iron & wood; 2d hand. J. BURKE. 139 Beaie.
BAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
tfainers. residences; portable safety boxes;
specie chests, bullion safes vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market st, S. F., Cal.
FRESH snowballs— "T. Carr" and all brands
English fire brick, fire clay, brlckdust. S. R.
CHURCH, 31/7 Sansome st. ; tel. Main 6086.
8 HOISTING engines. 3 steamers. 5 locomotives.
110 cars and all machinery used on Eureka
Breakwater. J. B. .TARDINE. 220 Fremont.
SEi'OND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. 11. S. White, 616 Mission.
BUYS, pells, rents gpar machinery, boilers,
-.;it<"r piP 1 *: new, 2d-hand. Whitelaw,2l6 Spear.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 7a. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kparny st.. near Pine.
DESKS, of lice and card tables; desks repaired
or exchanged; furn. bought. 244 Stockton st.
DR. CREE-LY'S C. P. Worm Pills; by all drug-
gists, or Dog Hospital, 510 Golden Gate aye.
BAFES— New and fieoond-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st
DRESS pants, $2 75; fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 513 Montgomery st.
BARS, counters.shelving, showcases bought and
sold. EIBEN. ins Mission: tel. Jessie 1163.
MISCELLANEOUS "WANTS.
CAPITAL required in a prosperous and well-
established manufacturing business; all
means of investigating freely granted. Ad-
dress box 2564, Call office.
OLIVES — Attention to farmers; any quantity
of olives will be bought. A. DETOY, 324
Clementina St., S. F.
HIGHEST price paid for old feather beds and
pillows; send postal. CHARLES LEWIS, 611
I'nion st.
WANTED— To hire 100 f.rst-class Fcraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
STONE. Elmhurst.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity ; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 6S-69 Donohoe bldg. 1170 Market St.
ANY proposition: any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, life insurance; chattel
mortgages: confidential; advice free. G E.
OLSEN, room 16, first floor. Chronicle bldg.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission st., above-
Sixth: telephone South 14.
AVOID delays; try all othera. then see me; $50 to
$100,000; 6 per cent: Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
gages: estates in probate, undivided interests in
estates, legacies and mortgages bought- advice
and money furnShed. P. A. Dolan. 636 Markt.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interests, real estate in pro-
rate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay: get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
taln liberal advances on diamonds and 'ew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
fitore, 846 Market St.; telephone Main 1644-
-branch 19 Third st.
ON real estate, Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount-
lowest rates. BECKER. 26 Montgomery st. '
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
&^n- 0 ,?; t"t° removal : >°w rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st
CAST loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser: also on diamonds, watches and
jewelry. MORRELL, 609 Examiner bldg.
AT 126 Kearny, room 9. a respectable and pri-
vate place to borrow money on watches dla-
monds, etc.; lowest rates; take elevator.
TO salaried men; without collateral or in-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
$snoo TO loan on furniture and pianos at 2 per
cent WINSTON & CO.. 102G Market St.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without Indorser. TOUSLF.Y. 430 Parrott big.
ALL propositions, small or large; salaries;
rents. KLOTH. 220 California st.. room 7.
A RELIABLE place to borrow money on dla-
_jmwuis ; _iewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d raortgs •
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery)
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market St.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS^
A— UPRIGHTS. $69 up; installments, $T"7s~ujr
rents, $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Ellis."
W. B. BADGER, 412 Sacramento st., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
GOOD upright piano for $110 cash. KEEKFE'S
1019 Van Ness aye.
WANTED— 7 square pianos. BYRON MAUZY
808 Post st.
PIANOS at auction prices in storage cheap for
cash. WILSON 1 3 Storage, 1710 Market st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A GREAT "cash raising" sale of pianos is
now going on at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st.;
don't delay if you want a bargain.
ANOTHER chance for great bargains in pianos
is offered for a week at MAUVAIS'. 769 Mar-
ket st.
SEE the new style Decker pianos and get th»
low prices at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
THE Decker & Son pianos have been manufac-
tured ever since 1556. and are to-day the
"best of the best." See the new styles at
MAUVAIS'. 759 Market st.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for %t
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos fors3, $4 and
IS per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny ana Sutter
Ets., San Francisco, and Thirteenth: and
Broadway. Oakland.
FORTY years In business here has placed us in
position to serve you better than most others;
a fine assortment of Hazelton and other
pianos at lowest prices: a few used pianos at
great bargains: a Steinway upright. Hard-
man. Chase Bros,, Arion. Dewing Bros,
specials for this week: squares from $25 up.
THE J. DEWING COMPANY, second floor.
Flood building. Fourth and Market stg.
ABSOLUTELY- the oldest and lagest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER *. CHASE S,
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest.; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
24 NEW pianos to rent: $3 per mo. SCOTT-
CURTAZ CO.. 560 Hayes st. - .
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
planes; prices reduced to Insure prompt sales.
W. C. HAMILTON*. 324 Post st
GOOD upright piano, nearly new; cheap.
HORNTTNG. 216 McAllister st. . ■
BARGAIN— upright: cheap. SCHMITZ. 16
McAllister st.. next Hlbernla Bank.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 30J
Post st. .'■ :•■>"--.-. ■' '
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MUT.T.ER. raak»r. r»r.air^r. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES —TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market st—
Light, sunny offices. $12 ■'" to $20 per month.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD. pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. 616 Geary st, above Jones; elapses;
office hours, Ito 8 p. m. ; reading by mail, $1.
HAVE your life read without a question or
mistake at your own home; engagements by
phone Larki'n 1066. MRS. L.
PERSONALS. .
ACQUAINTANCE of intelligent young lady;
object matrimony; business scholarship fur-
nished free. Address box 2414, Call.
LEADING theatrical and masquerade cos-
turners; make-up and wigs: country orders so-
licited. ■ GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Market St.
A. KLEIN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools and
old gold; send for him. 109 Sixth st.
IT'S Lederer's Quintonica gives that beautiful
gloss to the hair; 35c bot.; Foam Shampoo
cleanses the scalp, 5c pkg. 123 Stockton st;
LEDERER dresses the hair to suit the face, 25c
only; Veda Rose Rouge gives that perfectly
natural color; easily applied: cannot harm
most delicate skin; 60c box. 123 Stockton St.
ELEGANT remnants for suits, $10 75; pants,
$3 75, or overcoats. $12 50; made to order;
samples sent to interior. One Price Tailoring
Co.. 1644 Market st.. St. Nicholas Hotel.
JOHN L. BOONE, i Patent. Trademark
Attorney at Law, | and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter ft, I Laws a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American arrd Foreign
Send for circular. 1 Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 100 rooms;
25c to $160 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SLAUGHTER in unredeemed pledges, Jewelry,
clothing, etc., for amount loaned arid inter-
est. CUT RATE LOAN OFFICE; 22 Mason.
PRIVATE detective work;' reasonable rates; 10
years' experience; J. 8., box 2SSS. Call office.
ONLY store that buys old gold. Jewelry, and
cast-off clothing. COLEMAN'B, 506 Kearny.
BEST price for cast-off clothing and bric-a-
brac. H. MARKS, 209 Third st; send postal.
JAMES A. SORENSON. watchmaker and Jew-
eler, removed to 103 Sixth st, near Mission.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market st, bet. 7th and Bth.
DR. L. B. WOOD: dental work in all branches;
examination free. 719 Market st, rras. 2 & 3.
PAINTING and paper hanging; rooms papered,
$2 50 up. JENSEN & BATH, 308 Sixth st
MRS. L.J. WHEELOCKhas removed La Verite
Parlors to 1140 Market; phone Folsom 446.
MLLE. CLAIRE BERTRAND, manicure par-
lor?, 23S Kearny st, first floor, room 2-3; '
MRS. BENNETT, 1165 Mission— Cancer cure t
days; no knife, no caustics; references.
HIRSUTINE CO., hair specialists, grow hair
or no pay; book for. stamp. 6 Eddy st.
. ANTIQUE and curiosity shop; goods bought,
sold, exchanged. 625 Dupont st., nr. Cal.
INCRUSTATION— New invention for china dec-
orators. See S. R. CHURCH, 307 Sansome Bt.
LACHMAN & CO., mfrs. of fine furs and seal
garments; also remodeling. 104 Kearny st.
TF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
ing, call on B. COHEN, 157 Third st.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no injec-
tion; guarantd. Dr. Gordin,, 514 Pine.ab.Krny.
• _
WANTED— gold for manufa'ing. O. Nolte,
Jeweler. IMS O'Farrell. bet. Powell & Mason.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES;
FINEST and fullest stock; square deal and
prompt service; country orders our specialty;
catalogue free. Cal. Camera Co.. 22 Geary st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office and residence.
1021% Market Ft., bet, Sixth fin.l Seventh.
PROPERTY WANTED. •
HOUSE and lot: near car line; $2."00 cash. A.
8., box 2418. Call office.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
SACRIFICE: must be sold; make an offer; new
9-room house and lot 26:9x100; No. 256 Rich-
land aye.; cost $3000: less than $2000 will buy
it. SHADBURNE. 616 Sacramento Bt.
GRAND view of bay; southeast cor. Broadway
and Jones; 47x60; fine brick foundation which
cost $1500; price only $4000; 2 blocks only from
4 cable lines. THOS. MAGEE & SONS. 5
Montgomery st.
$3400— MODERN 6-room cottage on bitumlnlzed
street; lot 25x130; also a large 7-room house,
on Pierce st, near Haight; houses built to
suit purchases; easy terms. Inquiry on prem-
ises. F. NELSON. Builder.
$900 FOR new house of & rooms and lot 50x190, i
in Oakland; terms $200 cash, balance $9 per
month; lot and house cost $1200. Inquire WM.
HENDRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call building.
FOR sale — (-room cozy house; 9 foot 8 • inch
basement: large lot and stable; electric cars.
223 Twenty-ninth Et.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First aye.. and you wish to sell them.
call on W. J. GUNN*. 410 Montgomery st.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — Fbr Sale
13% ACRES; must be sold; make offer; all In'
bearing trees; 2 miles from Santa Clara; 10-
-room house, barn, windmill, 2 wells, all im-
plements. 9 Geary st., room 13.
28 ACRES of choice fruit or early vegetable
land. For particulars address P. O. box 137
Vacaviile. .
ROOMS for housi:kj:i:i»i\g.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets. Open until 9 p. m. .
ALL light rms. $6, 5: Kearny. nr. Sutter. 12S
O Farrell. cor. Powell. Apply 15 Grant aye.
BUCHANAN. 602. corner Fell-Sunny bay-wln-
oow and kitchen; complete for housekeeping.
CLAY. 2421. near Fillmore— 2 large unfurnished
upper rooms; yard; water; rear: rent $7.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
EIGHTH. Nicely furnished sunny suite for
housekeeping. $10; single rooms, $5.
EDDY 604— 2 sunny furnished rooms; complete.
etc., for housekeeping.
FIFTH, 253— Furnished housekeeping; -3 con-
necting, $13; also single. $5 to $7. f
Ho . P « y e- 12%, bet. Valencia and Mission, off
sixteenth— Three or four completely furnished
housekeeping rooms; $10.
HYDE B—2 sunny unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; references required.
L 7 OX . f 256^, bet - Harrison and Bryant— 3
nice furnished rooms for housekeeping: cellar;
private family. -■
LARKIN, 326— Clean sunny housekeeping apart-
menta; $16 to $25 per month; central.
LYON. 1821, , cor. Sacramento— 3 large sunny
rooms complete; range, stationary tubs. bath.
OCTAVIA. 1403, cor. Geary— Sunny furnished
bay-window; light housekeeping. $10.ROOMS FOU HOI SKKEin'IXG.
O'FARTIELL. 12S. near Powell— Alnight^ooinY;
**■ Apply i") Grant aye. j
SEVENTH, K<2--One Inrge unfurnished room;
* houßekpg. rms. & suites. MRS. PRAHL. prop.
TWENTY-THmi >7 iTlciiTnelr^ Howard-2 or 3
?■ sunny j furnished hskpg. rmi : bath; laundry.
TWENTY-THIRD. 372fi, near Polores-3 sunny
bay-window rooms, complet ■-. new carpets.
VAN NESS. 40<> — 3 large well furnished con^
nectlng rooms: sunny; fine yard; stationary
tubs.
A BRANCH office for Call adverti=eme»tß and
subscriptions has been established .it 1096 Va-
lencia st. ■-
ROOMS TO LET — I'urn. and Inlurn.
AN up-to-date new fireproof bulldlnc— "San
Antonio"; Opened Oot. 14; electric elevator:
hot nnj cold water; radiators and coal grates:
ratfs r.-:isi»nable. 21 Taylor st., near Market.
A-BRUNSWICK HOUSE. US Si^h^Roonis
2.'c to SI per night; $1 2.". to 55 per week and
light housekeeping; "pen all night.
A— "KPWOKTH," clenn, respectable 2ric to $1
per night, $1 23 to ?<*> per week; light house-
keeping. 10374 Market St.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor Bts —
H imellke house; modern service:' elevator-
bath; rooms 50c to $1 TO day. MRS. J. king!
AT Tr.e Waldorf. SO9 Powell-Two fronTßUttes";
also rinclr 1-r.niri. without board.
BOHEMIA; 2W Pest— Sunny corner suites- ein-
(<:e rooms; all conveniences; Kentlemen and
ranii.^es^elevator; special rates traveling men.
BURNETT, 1426 Market f (ol d ? No.*S USD 1---.1--
% nlshed l rms.y\ suites,; single; also unfurnished.
CARUOI,TON,. 12M Market, cor! Go!den~Gnte
aye.— .Sunny corner; [well fum; rms. & offices.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of«U-e, 2200 Fillmore bt.
CLIFFORD, 204 EHls. corner Mason-F>sast7y
furnished % sunny rooms; -prices reasonable. ■
EDDY. 123 (United StaTes, n itel) CU an neat
rooms; Jl 50 week up; elevator day and nipht.
ELL|S. SlS— Basement room for gentleman; $J
i er month.
F' 'URTH. 225— Nice, sunny front room, suitable
for two, ■ . • • ;
FRANKLIN. 21 ; (N>i^ort\— Nice sunny bay-
wlndow room- for 2 young fen: also hoiisekps.
<JV"AUY.. ?!7 4 unfun.- rooms; modern conven.;
elepaat otnee for dressmaker -ar physician.-
GEARY. $W— Sunny front room; .furnlehed for
ffco.uplq or- t gentlemen; Jie. ,' ■
GRAND ' SOUTHERN— Southeast i cor.'i Seventh
and Mission .'sts.— Sunny.- rooms, Y en suite or
ladies' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House, 7811-ihllssl6n-^elecl family
r«Xin-.ing house: $150' to JS per week.
HOWARD, 715-^jtOO sunny? rooms; nicely fur-
nished: every convenience; .ele.ctrlc . 'its.
HUGHES House,' 214 Third— Newly renovated;
25c. to. 50c per night; $150 to $3 pel week.
MASON, Ll— Large sonny front; grate, ijas;
ah-o single: private. ' ■ •
MCALLISTER, 702H— 3 nice rooms for house-
keeping:-, also single and- suites; bath; gas. •
MINNA. . 2S— Furnished 'sfoele .and double
rooms; 7r.c end $1 per week.;. 1
' MINNA. .667, corner •• Eigbtn- Newly furnished;
bay-window, room; $1 per week:-' transient.
NATOMA; 6"2. n^ar Seventh— Nicely furnished
■ sunny, front room -for; one or two persons. '
NEW Arlington;. 101 a Market— Nicely furnished;
".5o day up; J2\ week.' lip; transient".
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny fiirnlshed rooms and ;
offices; elevator; electric lights; day-, wk., mo. ;
ROYAL House; 125 Ellis st. -Incandescent
ll^'ht. readins-roomi'smokins-rftorh and ladies'
parlor: rooms, ;>.-r night; 3-^c to SI 50; week, ■$!
it« $8: month. ?S tO'-S3O; elevator in office iloor;
. rooms, with hot. coM water; liaths.
SEVENTH. 192 rirard House'i— ! handsome
sunny corner rooms for physlciafl or dejitist.
SHERMAN ■ Apartment House. 2S- Ei«hth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished. .-
STOCKTON, -603— Nice' sunny well- .furnished
rooms:, single or en suite. ■ :
THE. Oaks, 119 .Third— A good roaming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
A BRANCH office for Call ' advertisements and!
eubscriptlens has- bo^.n established at the •
northwest corner of Twenty-second' and Ken-
tucky sts. Ope.n till 9 p. m. '
ROOMS \\ V A\TEI). . .
WANTED, by married couple, ho' children. 3 or
4 furnished rooms, 'suitable for housekeeping,
■ In a°nl.e« respectable neighborhood; state, rent.
V.^x 1."C2; Call.. • . ' '
TUn single ladle? wish. two unfurnished rooms.
3J77 Twentieth it. ; :' ■ •'.'.-'■'
' COUPLE .with 2 chi-Idren: IS or. 4 furnished
!v. >:«ek'-epirisr room*. Address box 2529, Call.
gIOAMMi M\( !lIM> AND STPPLIES.
': MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought; sold;
machine supplies. 145 .Sixth, phone Mint 45* .
ALL kinds bought, sold; exchanged, rented; re-
: palritur at lowest rates. 205 Fourth: st.
; SPEC-lAli jroTicßS.
MASSAGE vapor, electric baths. PROF. W.
RIEDL. 10C Eddy, form, at Highland' Springs.
ROOMS papered, from' s3; whitened, SI up; .
painting d^ne. '-Hartman, Paint Co.. 319 Third. '
BAT)- .tenants ej»ctfd for $*: collections made;
c'.ty or counlryV pacific collection CO.. j
415 ' Montgomery St.. rooms '■■■ii; tel. 5520.
. storage: *.m> IVAREUOUSES.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission: poods guaranteed:' t'el. Clay 25.
PIERCE-ROD.OLPH Storage and' Moving Co.
OffW. 401 Post, ror. PnTfli: tel. Main "13.
.-; 1 TO LEASE.
TO . LEASE California Schuetzen; Club Park.
n*ar San Rafael, for' a term of 5 years or
more; bids will be received up to November
20. 6 p. m.. at the. office of the C. S. C. P. &
B. A.. 123 Sutter st.
OTTO BURMEISTER. Secretary.
STORE to lease: Mission st. bet. First ' and
Seconds lr.t 2"xl' i 'o: put fn order to suit tenant.
X TOMPKTNSON' 57 Mlr.na st '
WATCH HI: PAIRING.
WATCHES cleaned 7"c: guaranteed 2 years.
The R>iv Jewelry nnd Optics Co.. S4O gamy.
ALAtfEDA APrERTISEMENTSw
' M. \MI.I>\ HEAL ESTATE.
$1500— LOT WxlSO, with large cottage . of «
rorrr.i and bath; stable, .windmill, tank. etc.
J2500— Lot 40x115; fine 2-story house 8 rooms
ant) bath.; near station; must be sold at one*;
worth '$4WK)I .'
I2SOO— Lot 40x150, on Morton st.. bet. the rail-
roads, with- fine new modern cottage 7 rooms;
ICOO ash. . Later* $25 per month.
t-' 2. ;..'■.— Lot 40x150; Morton st., near Santa
Clara, aye.; elegant, new house of 8 rooms;
$6po rash.' balance $30 per month. Houses to
let In all parts of Alameda. '.
H; }' . MOREAL A CO.. 1432 Park st.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME fur ladles In .delicate health; large
(rr'.unrid.: .private MRS. PR. FUNKE. 1418 Bth.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9O3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
460 A'<"KKS to lenp". 11l per year, near Liver-
niore; f>o arr"!! hay, pprinKH. house fence: 7000
cords oak trees. BALSBURT, Notary Public,
808] Hroadway, Oakland.
MODERN.' nearly new. 2-story 9-room residence
. .in Fruit at corner of Champion and Nlcol
avp. ; only $200 cash, balance to suit; house
(•pen to-day. .
$ICKXi— LOT. 4-ro<->m house, bath: suitable for
chicken. ranch: Haley St.. East Oakland; take
HlKlilar.d r ark ■ «r ■ •
14 RES in Oakland: up-to-date home; want
an- borieet offer. E. E. BUNCE. 90S Broad-
way, Oakland.
OAJCLANI> . FURNISHED I'OTT.M.KS.
NICEL7 furnished 6-room cottage, with piano,
to let for this winter to adult family; refer-
... eace" required. 031 Poplar Ht., Oakland.
OAKLAND I I It Ml! XX FOR SALE.
AN Intiodurtkn.to you from H. Shellhaaa. tho
fornltur?r dealer, lltlr and Franklin. Oakland.
" : I)IVII>EXD NOTICES.
.lilVlD] Notice— Dividend No. 3 (25c per
share) of the Kllauea Sugar Plantation Com-
pany n-ijl be payable at the office of the com-
pany; No. 327 Market St., on and after
• Wednesday, November 15. ISM. Transfer
books will close on Thursday, November 9,
1595, at -3 o'clock p. m. •
■ ■ ' F.. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 9 (thirty-five
cents per -share) of the PAAUHAU SUGAR
PLANTATION COMPANY will be payable
at the office- of the company, 327 Market St..
on. anil- after FRIDAY, November 10 1599.
Transfer books will close on SATURDAY,
November 4. 1899,' at 12 o'clock m.
. ' ' ' ;• " r E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS. j
IN the Superior Court of th« city nnd county i
I of San Francisco. State of California. In "' "
matter of WESTERN BEET SUGAR COM-
PANY, a corporation, upon its application for
a judgment of dissolution. Notice— Notice Is
hereby plven that WESTERN BEET SUGAR
COMPANY, a corporation organized and ex-
4st!iiK under and by virtue of the laws of the
State of California, and having Its office and
place of business in the city nnd county of
San Francisco, State of California, nasifflea
a verilled application addressed to the bupe-
rior Court of the city and county or San
Francisco. State of California, praying for
a judgment of dissolution of said corporation
and that MONDAY. November IS, 18S9. at ■•
o'clock a. m.. at the courtroom of aa d court
Department No. 2. in the City Hall of the
city and county of San Francisco have been -
appointed as the day, time and place for the
hearing of said application.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed the official seal of paid l Su-
perior Court this 10) day of October, lx ' 19 '
WM A. PEANE, Clerk.
By E M THOMPSON. Deputy Clerk.
[■^al.i ______ —
PROPOSALS.
TTNITED --• STATES Engineer Office. Flood
Building. San Francisco.; Cal/; September 12.
ISS9-Sen!fd proposals for erecting double ;
draw-span bridge, approaches thereto end
nlers therefor Rcro*s tidal cannl at Fruitvale
live. near Alameda, C.-.1.. will be received
here untl' 12 o'clock noon, November U, 1599. j
Information furnished on application.
W. H. HEUER. Major Engineers.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
I Mar- li'-en^es have been Issued as follows:
r H Wllke and Luis<e A. Grossmann 30-26
! SiVi-in Morris and Barbara H. Pauson 64-42
i William Otto and Blanche M^lnlow 2.-.0
• Adrian L Egbert and M.-ta 1ark0w.........J1-18
Mr'nC.Urown and Martha L. Holley.. ..?u-4J
Edward M Qalnes and Gertrude yu1K1ey... 23-22
Bernini A Greenhood ana Maybell A11en..21-21
■' M ' •avanriKh.... ..-.'l
1 ' ' ' " ' ' ' ' ' "'' rt " 4 4J '
| EIHTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHST"
Birth marriafre and denth notices rent by
mail will not be inserted^ They must be handed
' in at either of the publication offices and be
: Indorsediwith th<? name and residence of per-
i sons authorised to have the same published.
BORN.
BYRNE— In Oakland, November ?. 1899, to the
wife of Joseph P. Byrne, a daughter.
FISHER— In this city. November 7, 1899, to the
wife, of Charles Fisher, a daughter.
GOETTIX'.J-In this city, November 7. 1899, to
the wife of Ch.irles L. Goettingr. a daughter.
MIDDLETON— In Fruitvale, November 6, IS3S.
t,j the wife of James Middlvton. a daughter.
.MARRIED.
BROWN— HOLLEY— In this city. November 9,
l«0 r < at Howard-street Methodist Episcopal
Church by the Rev. J.ihn A: li. Wilson, D.D.,
Myron Calvert Brown and Mrs Martha
Le'ticia Holley, both of Selma, Fresno County.
Cal.
CfH.KX- NUHRENBERG— In this city, No-
vember 8, 1899, by the R*v. J. M Buehler,
John T. Colen and Ida J. Nuhrenberg.
-VINES— QUIGLEY— In this city. November 9.
ISS9, by thn Ri-v. Father J. B. Hannigan, Ed-
win >i. daities of New York City and Ger-
trude yuiKley of San Francisco.
: M \as- KOEHNE— In this city, November 8,
1599-, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Philip J.
Maa? and Helen Koehne.
NELSON*— LARSON— In this city, November S.
1599, by the Rev. F. A. Doane. Axel J. Nel-
■ eon and Ellen L»irs >n, b- th of S.in Francisco.
'.';;• DIED.
Anderson. Ingeborg Kerr, James A.
Bernardou, Mary L. Kump. Joseph
' Brant. Bridget Lind. Olaf T.
Cain. Archibald Loewe, August
Cofer. Elliott M. McConvllle, Richard
Cronin. Harry Mullln, Charles
Devany, Lawrence O'Connor. Julia A.
Frank." Anton H. Poulain, Leon
' Garrett. Evaline M. Probst, Henry
Gross, Caroline Runyon, William N.
Henry. Charles Scott. Annie S.
Hildebrand, Gustav Smith. Kate
Houseman, Harvey Sweisert. Adam
Keplon,- Edpar W. Tubbs. Austin C.
i ANDERSON— In this city. November S. 1599. '
i Ingeborg Georglna; beloypd wife of Alexander
R. Anderson, and moth-.-r of Joienhine An-
I derson, a native if Norway, aged 27 years.
I t^Frlends and ac-quaint:uic<s are respect- !
fully, invited to attend the funeral this day
•Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors c'f H. "C. Bunker & Co.. 26fiti Mission
street. Mission Masonic Temple. Interment .
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
BERXARDOU~In this city, November 5, 1«99,
Mary L. Bernardou, dearly beloved mother
. of Eurene Bernardou. and lovinsr sister of,
Mrs. Ellen Modoste and John Nesbltt. a na- I
tive of California, aged X years 10 months
and 12 days. '
BRANT— In this city, November 9, ISS9, Hr.d- :
gpt Brant, wife of the late William P. Brant,
and beloved mother of Emma G. and John I
S. rant, a native of Enniskillen, County j
Fermanagh. Ireland, aged i'J years 7 months j
and 23 days.
K^Friends and acquaintances are respect- j
full-, invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday,) at 2 o'clrx-k, from her lute rest-
dence. 1712 Jones street, near Broadway. In- |
terment Masonic Cemetery.
CAIN— In thi* city, November 9, 1599, Archi- I
bald Cain, beloved brother of John Cain, a na-
tive of N*w York, aged 13 years.
. (-_.!■ Friends and n'vjuaiutances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the California. Undertaking Company. 405
well street, near Post. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
COFER- In this city, November 9, 1899, Elliott
Marion, bel..ved husband of Emellne' P. I
Cofer, and father of Lorenzo R.. Sara J. and
Elliott M. Cofer, a native of Missouri, aged
54 years.
CRONIN— this city, November 9. 1899, Harry
Cronin, a native of Cincinnati, Ohio, aged 41
years.
DEVANT— In this city, Novel 9. 1539, Law-
rence, bel ■■. ■■ 1 husband of Lydla E. Devany,
and father of Clotilde, George. Laurine, Nina
and Enid Devany. a native of London, Eng-
land, aged 44 years 7 months and 19 days.
riends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
irday.) at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 4'i3 Clayton street, near Oak, thence by
11 o'clock boat (creek route). Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery, Oakland.
FRANK— In Lorin, Alameda County, CaJ., No-
vember 9, 1839, Anton H. Frank, beloved hus-
band of Mathla Frank, and father of Fred-
erick S. Frank, a native' of Augustenburg,
Olsen, Germany, aged Cl years.
GARRETT— In this city, November 9, 1899, j
Evaline Mabel Garrett, beloved daughter of
Mrs. M. J. Kinney and the late S. T. Garrett.
and sinter of Genevleve and Ilarr<jl<l G. Kin- I
ney. • native of San Francisco, aged 14 years I
and •'- months.
Prie-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents. 2111 Greenwich street, between ;
Webster and FiUmore.
GROSS— In this city. November S. 1899, Caro-
line Gro^s, mother of Josephine and Minnie
Giosh, a native of Braunschweig, Germany,
aged SI years.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Friday), at the chapel of the
crematory at Odd F^lows' Cemetery, com-
mencing at £:30 lock. Remains at the par-
lors 6f ii. F. Buhr & Co., 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth.
HENRY— In this city. November 7, 1899, Charles
Henry, beloved husband of Marguerite Henry,
a native of Germany, aged 77 years and s
months.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Julius S. Godeau, 303 Montgomery avenue.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HILDEBRAND— In this city. November 9, 1593,
Gustav Carl Hildebrand, beloved son of
Alexander and E<mllle Hildebrand. and
brother of Anna and Ernest Hlldebrand. a
native, of San Francisco, aged 38 years and 8
months.
HOUSEMAN— At his residence, 2318 Larkln
etreet, November 8, IS9O, Harvey Parker, be-
loved son of Margaret and the late James S. >
Houseman, and brother of Mrs. John Cecil,
Mrs. W. W. North and Thomas 11. an i Frank
S. Houseman, a native of San Francisco, aged
35 years 1 month and 21 days.
ITTFuneral this day (Friday), at 1:30
o'clock. Interment private. Masonic Ceme-
tery.
KEPLON— In this city, November 9, 1899, at
the residence of ins Daren ts, 4"0 Lasruna
street. Edgar W., dearl>* beloved son of E.
J. an 1 M. C Keplon, and beloved grandchild
of Mrs. C. Mackle, a native of San Francisco,
aged 7 years 4 months and II days.
CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
KERB In this city, November 9, 1199, James
A. Kerr, beloved son of the late Thomas and
Margaret Kerr, and brother of Thomas H.
Kerr. a natlvo of Londonderry, Ireland, aged
61 y<»ars -I months and 18 days.
E'rTFrlnndß and acquaintances lire respect-,
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Craig & Cochran Company, 52 and S3
Mint avenue. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
Ml'— ln this city,' November 8. 1899. Joseph
Kuinp. dearly beloved son of John and Magde-
lene Kump, and brother of John Jr. and '
Frank F. Kump. a native of GottSChee, Aus-
tria, aged 13 years 0 months and 24 days.
irrFriendi and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at S:3O o'clock, from the residence
of D ( parents, 28 Hawthorne street, between
Second and Third, Folsom and Howard,
thence to St. Boniface's Church, corner Gold-
en Gate avenue and Jones street, for services.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flnnnngan & Gallagher), ,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
VJ Fifth «t., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 8*
mc/wov «fc co., I
I FL'NEIIAI. DIRECTORS & KIIIIAUIERS. I
1235 Market et., between Bth and 9th. f
I Telephone South 247. I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1899.
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
I '-ni.-L.ry.
LIND— In this city, November 8, 18M, oiaf
. beloved husband of Hulda Mud,
ittve of Sweden, aged 3C> years 4 months
and 12 days,
S^tfii'-nils and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Satui lay), al ! o'clock, from the parlors of
.' C. O'Connor .* Co.. 767 Mission street, ln-
' Laurel Hill Cemetery-
LOEWEJ— In thin city, November 8, W9. Au-
rust, beloved huyl.and of the late Kmllle
-. and father of Mrs. August llaronberg.
vVUllam O. Loewe and Mrs Leonard Haas,
a native of Clausthal-am-Hartz, Germany,
'- years and 7 months.
fcJT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
lay), at 2 o'clock, from th» ri-nidence of
n-ln-!av,-. Mr. August Harenber*. 2353
'wlcli ttreet. near Pierce. Interment
Pell iws' Cemetery.
McCONVILLE At sea, on board U. S. Trans-
port Warren, November 5, ISKi. Richard llc-
ConvUle. beloved father of Frank McCon-
ville of the U. S. S. Baltimore at Manila,
a native of Kngland. A member of Court
dental No. 8876, A. O. F., and the Ta-
clflc Coasl Marine Firemen's Union.
(t-TTri. n.!s and acquaintances and members
of the Pacific Coast Marine Firemen's I'nion
ar.- respectfully invited to attend the funeral
Sunday, November 12. et 1 o'clock, from
Anctenl Order of Foresters" building, l"2
t, corner j>f Stockton, under
the uusi.ices of Court < ii'i-ideiitnl No. 8676,
A. O, F. Interment Mouht Olivet Cemetery.
Remains at the funeral parlors of !!. C.
Bunker & C > 2666 M!:-?i..n street, Mission Ma-
sonic Temple.
MULLIN— In this city, November 7, 1599, at
h'.s residence, -ill Hay street, <'harles, dearly
beloved husband of the late Mary A Muliin,
' er of Mrs. Mamie T. Allen, Mrs.
Mrs. Lillian McQuillan, Mrs.
Jennie Calegaris and John, Charles anil Klt-
Mullln, and grandfather .'f l^siie and
. i,. tnard C. Mullln, a native
of 1 unty Cork, Ireland, aired 73
years ana s months.
C7"Fri< nds and acquaintances and members
of the Mexican Veterans' Association are
ctfully invited to attend the funeral
this day (Friday), at 10:38 o'clock, fmm the
residence of his daughter, Mn=. Mamie T.
Allen, 421 Ray street, thence to St Francis
Church, \vh«re a requiem high mass will be
i ■!■ ited for the repose of his soul. Inter-
I 1 ly Cross i temetery.
O'CONNOR— In thin city, November 9, 1899,
Julia a., dearlj beloved daughter of Daniel
ur,'\ .T;:l!n O'Connor, and ulster of Timothy
J.. J. >!.:i V.. William E., Marj EJ. unJ Annie
L. O'O nn.ir, h. native of San Francisco, aged
j 6 months and 8 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited t" attend th<- funeral to-momm
(Saturday) lock, from the n-stdence
of her parents, 1121 Mission street, thence to
Pt. Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
h!«h mass will be celebrated for the repose
• soul, commencing at ;• o'clock, inter-
mt-nt Mount Calvary Cemetery.
POI LAIN In Baden November* 8, 1599, Leon.
isband of Victorine Poulain, a na-
tive .'i France, aged GO years 1 month and 30
days.
PROBST -In the Tity and County Hospital,
Novembei : enry Probst, a native of
ears.
RUNTON At his home near Courtland, on the
Saci ' ber », 1898, Wil-
liam N., husband of Elizabeth Runyon. and
father of Gertrude and Mercer Runyoo, a na-
tive of California, aged 4;i years 9 months and
s da:
■ of funeral hereafter.
'. In this city. November 9. 1599. Annie
" -■• ■- '■ '■>'. wife of Walter D.
l and Mac Scott.
aged -i 1 -' ■
of funeral hereafter.
SMITH -In this rity. November 9, IS!>9, Kate,
beloved daughter of Tully and Kate Smith,
of Mary, Nellie. Sadie, Frank.
.is smith, a native .>f Boston,
: 23 >--;tr.s 7 months and Co days.
SWEIGERT In th:.= city. November 8. " IS9O.
Adam Sweig 'rt, father of Jonathan Sweigert
moll, a native of Paden,
Germany, aged s '.' years 3 months and 22
'Friends are respectfully invited to at-
this day iFr
lock, at his late residence,
I.aguna street. Interment at San Jo»e by
• .-.me Third and Townsend
■ ■ at 11:30 o'clock.
TUBBS— Austin Chapln TubbP, beloved hus-
band ■•( Ann Tallant Tubbs. aged 41 years.
suddenly at his residence in San v
'Funeral servloes this day (Friday), at
I Is lati resi len - :it San Ma •
IntTiiient private. Pl»n«<e omit flowers.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
C C Douglas, San Jose R Allen, New York
J A Davis, Sacto L It Poundstone, Cal
J Mum, Sacto W N Lamphrey, Sacto
A P. Eastwood, Cal P W Morse, Watsonvle
L Leonard. Seattle A Anderson. Suisun
J Brennan, Seattle C Lake, Reno
J T Ualeville, Cal J H Klnkead, Nev
E J Kallright, OaJdd L Thompson. Va.ll.
J .T Black, Berkeley T C Hocking;, Modesto
J I Coliamore. Menlo Miss J C Manly, N JM
J P Smith, Danville AG SI •.•'-. Kern
J Hass, Pt Arena M Day, New York
C Schmidt. i". Arena Capt F E Dornfeld,
R C Richmond. Arcata4 St Michael
li Colin & w, Carson | W R Stout, Cal
1" G EMrldKe. Cal YV W Worthing. Stktn
G P Waller, Pa j W \V Fitzgerald. Stktn
Mrs O Peterson .<:• >>.Pa F .t Bollnsky, Cal
Mrs F. .1 Mackey, Win- v M Hartstone, USA
nipeg W V Matthews, Sacto !
Mrs A M Mont, Win- E S Goaney, Ariz
niiitK I a B C Dowdell, Cal
SAD Purer Portland X T Seawell. S Rosa
Mlsf II Rlck3, Eureka j W D Buckley, Stktn j
S Mulvey. Winnipeg \F. L Wilbert, Stockton |
H L Hatch & v , Nome W a Allen, Chicago
.1 M Mitchell & \v. C A Rubles. Stockton i
Nome jW M Lighter, St Louis ;
S B Gordon, Cal D Campbell. Los Ang
II C Armstrong. Colo G A Stuart, Sacto
G S McKehzie, Napa
PALACE HOTEL.
J II Oliver, L' S N I T S Luff, Salt Lake
.1 Girdwood, N York IE F Preston &w. Or
F Parrott & w. Japan j Miss J H Preston, Or
A w Fisher, B Rafael I Miss E .1 Preston, Or
1; Williams, S Jose H Laughlln & w, Cal
1. F Graham, B Jose I 0 A Ivers, Los Angeles
Mrs V. C Turner, Cal A Alderdice N York
Mrs Chlttenden. Va R Corbln, wash
W Cutting, M.iks W H Chickerlng: & w,
D M Fitzgerald, Chic Oakland
V II Stewart & w, Cal M S Ar.ndt, Stockton
C ii Beardsley & w. 111 i' II Bladls, Lop Ang
Ii B Phinney, N York! W G Nevln, Los Ang
N P R Hatch & w, j C N Sterry. Los Ang
Anvil |J R Hitchcock, Los A
.1 R Anderson, Anvil H P Nye, San Diego
3 Bryntsen, Anvil Mrs MCE Mayers,
1' H Andersen, Anvil Japan
Miss F ErlckSon, Anvil J H Carrutherß, r a l
M KJelsburg, Anvil J R Hatch, San Jose
3 E Miller, Anvil R Watson. Stanford
I)r Klttleson, Anvil G II Clarke, Nebr
J Llndhurg, Anvil H T Gage & w, Sacto
V.' <; Miller. U 8 A II Porter & w, N York
J f Carlisle, Boston CO Bettpn & ■«•. N V
R Colllster, Victoria" Mrs Cutter, New York
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
F W Voegeleln, Chic J D Rich, Lor Ang .
I. Leberer, Il;iywarJ3 A Knoll, Pasadena
F Tetsall, Fresno F .' King, Sun Jose
H Williams, San Diego) w A Hardwlch. Colfa
H Bremer, San Jose H B Goltchlms, Reno
]> McDonald, Tepla Mrs Miller, Victoria
Mrs Cur New York Miss A Miller, Victoria
v; de Coloma Manila J W Turner, Sanger
W F Eilken, Grand Is C D Cooper, Victoria
C Carlson, Vallejo Mrs P Allen SeJma
M J Mender. Vail V.".' '
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
New Postal Service, Army Orders
and Pensions Granted.
WASHINGTON, Nov. I.— Special postal
service will be established between Bel
and Valdez, Alaska, on January 1.
John M. Roberts has been appointed
master at Putter Valley, Cai,
Army orders: By direction of the Sec
retary of War. Acting Assistant Surgeon
A Molony will proceed from ('in
tti to San Francisco and report for as
signment to duty. Assistant Surgeon Wil
liam F. James will proceed from San An
tonio to San Francisco. First Lieutenants
William Brown and George E. Kumpe,
Forty-fifth Infantry, will, upon expiration
of their leaves of absence, proceed to San
Francisco. Private Axel M. Swenson,
Hospital Corps, now at Iho. Preside, San
.-Francisco, will bo discharged from the
service of the United States. Private
Frank B. P.urbank. Twenty-first Infantry,
Presidio. Ban Francisco, Is transferred as
second-class private to the Signal Corps;
!.. will Ip lent to Antrel Island.
p< nsions tor Califorulans: Renewal —
Bates, Cornwall, $x.
Washington: Original— Herman S. Wil
liams, Dayton. $6. Additional— William E.
Frlnk, Waitsburc, $•; to $.3. Original wld
ows, eta Bpecial accrued, Lucy A. Rld
(i.-li. Odessa, $8.
Oregon: Original— Jacob S. Rlnearson
IJelcna, $12-
Officers Installed.
ALAMEDA. Nov. The omcers-elect
of Branch No. 3, Catholic Ladies' Aid
Society, were installed last night in |
Lafayette Hall. Grand Deputy Mrs j
Margaret Curtis of San Francisco and
Alias Garrity of Oakland were the in
stalling officers. Those installed were:
Past president, Mrs. K. Ruppert; presi
dent, MisS" B«S8le Galllgher; senior vice
president, Mrs. A. Humphrey; Junior
vice president, Mrs. M. Quigley; treas
urer. Miss M. Ruppert; recording secre
tary, Miss Jollymour; sentinel, Mrs.
Burns; guard. Mrs. E. St. Sure; execu
tive committee, Mrs. K. St. Sure, Mrs. K.
Ruppert and Mrs. J. Mcßtay.
On next Wednesday evening a quarterly
meeting of the society will be he.ld with
the Alameda Branch in Lafayette Hall.
Representatives will be present from Sari
Francisco and Oakland lodges and an
elaborate programme will be rendered.
New Board of Trade.
SAN LHIS OHISPO, Nov. O.— A Board of
Trade was organised here with D. R.
Venable as president. Benjamin Brooks
and S. D. Ballot vice presidents, D. D.
Bernard secretary and John Barneberg
troasurer.
LACK ADEQUATE
COALING PUCES
Serious Condition for
Our Warships.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 9.— The urgent
necessity of adequate coaling stations for
our warships is dwelt on by Rear Admiral
Bradford, Chief of the Naval Bureau of
Equipment, in his report to the Secretary
Of the Navy. He relates the difficulties
encountered during the war with Spain
in securing coal, transporting it and get
ting it aboard the ships. While these ef
forts were successful, the admiral says:
It was due almost entirely to the near prox
imity of the theater of war to our own oo:\st.
Admiral Bradford says that a United states
llr.-t. it called iil'"n to ;i<'t at any point across
the Atlantic, must encounter even greater diffi
culties thnn were found by Ailmiral Cervera.
As a matter ol fact (continued Admiral Brad
ford), it may be stated without fear of contra
diction that at present it would be impossible
for a United Stutes fleet to carry oft active op
erations ihiriiif? » w;ir anywhere about the coast
ef Europe, Africa, a large portion of Asia, and
s.-.uth America, for want 01 coal. This; country
has assumed a position of j?reat responsibility
In connection with the maintenance of the sov
ereignty in the territory of the Smith American
republics agHln?t any aggression on the part of
;» European nation; yet there in not a single
port where coal or supplies may be obtained in
time ..f wiir by a Tuited States ship anywhere
on the eastern er western coast of South Amer
ica, In the West Indies and the Pacific I tcean
we are somewhat better off. It is of paramount
importance to establish a coal depot on each
Bide of the J?thmus of Panama, near the ter
mini of the Isthmian (.'anal.
The report says under "strategic posi
tions" a coaling station should be estab
lished near the Yucatan Passage, the
Windward Passage, Mona Pasage and
Virgin Passage, all being important stra
tegic locations. The importance of a coal
ing station on each side of the Isthmus
of Panama cannot be overestimated.
Guam, it is stated, probably will In the
near future be a cable station, and it is
?roposed to store 10,000 tons of coal there,
n the survey of the Pacific cable route
twn huge obstacles were encountered— one
a sub-marine mountain, lying between the
Midway Islands and Guam, and the sec
ond, the deepest sub-marine abyss yet
found in the world, about 500 miles east of
Guam, and sinking more than 1900
fathoms. The soundings from Honolulu
to Luzon have shown the route to be en
tirely practicable. A branch will run
from Guam to Japan.
CYCLEWAY BEGUN.
First Concrete Piers Placed 2-Tear
Raymond Hill.
PASADENA. Nov. 9.— The first concrete
piers for the California cycleway between
this city and Los Angeles were placed
yesterday at Glenarm street, near Ray
mond Hill. This means that active work
hns been begun on the superstructure of
Th*' tirst enterprise of this kind in the
world, it Is very certain that others of
the kind will be built in other sections.
for President Dobbins, the promoter of
the concern, is in constant receipt of in
quiries on the subject from persons who
In mind building elsewhere. They
often drop their plans, however, when
they learn that a special act of the Legis
lature is necessary to put the thing
through. Two hundred and eighty thou
sand feet of lumber has arrived and a
large force of men Is busy unloading it at
various spurs. The tirwt was unloaded
yesterday. Next week the pillars will be
set on the new piers and the structure
will loom into the air.
It consists of an elevated wooden path.
! with asphalt, Btained with creo-
Bate, walled by screen— the path being
wide eneugh to permit four cyclists to
ride abreast. The work will now be
pushed verj rapidly. A steam sawmill
was purchased yesterday and will be set
up at Glenann street this week. All the
lumber will !'■• i:u: and fitted by this mill
and all the holes will be bored by Its
power. The paint for the structure hns
arrived, and as fast as the bents are put
together they will be painte.i or stained.
Within two weeks people can see wh.it an
elevated cycleway is like, and the pro
moter is confident that by the first of the
year, when the annual tournament of
rosr-s takes place, a mile of cycleway
from Raymond Hill to town will be in
operation. A portable derrick will help
build the path at the rate of 300 feet a
day from now on.
Fitch Convictetd.
REDDING, Nov. 9.— George A. Fitch,
who has been on trial for the past week
fur assault with a deadly weapon with ln
tent to commit murder, was this evening
found guilty of the lesser crime of assault
with a deadly weapon. The jury recom
mended men-y on the part of the court.
Sentence will be pronounced later. On
October 27. 1898, Fitch and Howard Shoe
maker, gatekeeper at the (,'amden toil
road, quarreled over toll charges. A shot
gun in Fitch's hand was discharged,
tearing off a portion of Shoemaker's hat.
Fitch pays the weapon was accidentally
discharged. Ills first trial resulted in a
hung jury, standing 9 to 3 in favor of
conviction.
J. W. Dench Buried.
PI,AOERVII,LK. Nov. 9.— The larß. ~t
funeral held In Placerville for 1 ny years
took place here to-day. It was thit of
J \V. Dench, one of the city's most promi
nent citizens and merchants, whi nied
suddenly of heart disease >m Tuesday. 1
The services were held by the M;i
and wore attended by a larfre member?»niD
of the Knlphts Templar, loasons, Ancient
Order of United Workmen and nremen, of
all of which bodies Mr. Dench wag a very j
prominent and one of the oldest m^m- j
bers. All the business houses were n '.os<J 1
during the funeral.
New Bridge at Keswick
REDDING. Nov. o.— The Sacramento
River at Keswick la to be spanned by a
bridge.. The Board of Supervisors to-day
accepted plans and specifications for a
Howe truss wooden bridge to be built
there, and directed the clerk to advertise
for bids. The board to-day purchased
fifty-one acres of land a mile and a half
south of Redding for a county hospital
site and poor farm.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Caroline Wilson to John and Margaret Mc-
Allister, lot on W line of Van Ness avenue,
75 S of Filbert street, S 26 by W 110:8; $10.
Charles S. Johnson, Juliet J. Mezes, Louis*
C. Campbell (by trustee), Henry C. Campbell
and as trustee, Alexander J., Cornelia S. and
Henry A Campbell to Gustav Marshall, lot on
N line of Pacific street, 45 W of Broderick. W
27:6 by N 127:8",,; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to John
McKlnney, lot on N line of Twenty-second
street, 62:6 E of Treat avenue, E 30 by N 90; — .
John J. Feour to Jacob Bernhard, lot on X
line of Twenty-first street, 210 \V of Valencia,
W 25 by N 115; $10. .
Hlbernia Savings and Ijoan Society to Jacob
and Mathllde Holrlerer, lot on N line of Twen
ty-seventh street. 270 W of Church, W 25 by
N 114; $1591.
Kate, Mary or Mary A, Minna J. or Jennie,
Augustus B. or Augustine D. Houston to Gray
Brothers Crushed Rock Company (corporation)
lot on X line of Calhoun street, 68:9 N of Green,
N 22:11 by B 91:8; $10.
WlllianieUa H.. Carroll, William H. and
Channlng H. Cook, Ellsha Cook or Van 1 Slyck
Cook, Leonide Cook Gurney (formerly L,eoni<ie
Sue Cook) and Kate Gould (Cook) to Margaret
Kelly, lot on NW line of Howard street 412:6
NE of Sixth, NE 28:5, NW 80, .KE 34, NW
SO, SW 62:6. BE 160: $10.
California Sugar Refinery (corporation) . to In
dependent Electric Light and Power Company
(corporation), lot on NW corner of Twenty
third (Nevada) and Louisiana streets, N 433,
W. 200, S 416:5, B 64 degrees, 45 minutes, El 30,
thence 175 to beginning; also lot on E line of
Michigan street, 4.13 & o£ Twenty-second
(Sierra), S 147.11. S 58 degrees, 15 minutes. E
110, 8 17 degrees 15 minutes, X 100, 8 64 degrees
45 minutes. E 110, N 372:9, W 200; also lot on
N line of Twenty-third street, 50 W of Georgia
W 100 by N 100; $10. '
R D. and Annie O. Fry to James and Louisa
Treadwell, lot on W line of Cook street. 375
N of Point Lobos avenue, N 50 by W 120; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Cather
ine Whelan, lot on 15 line of Mississippi, 100
N of Twentieth (Napa), N 96 by E 100; —
Timothy and Josephine R. Dugan to Frank
H. Powers, lot on N line of Preclta avenue
100 W from W line of lot 96, Preclta Valley
lands. W 12:4, SW 23, S 81, E 25; $500.
T. H. O. Walton to Charles and' Elizabeth
Knott, lot on E line of Paris street, 25 W of
China, SW 35 by SE 100, block . 18, Excelsior
Homestead; JlO.
Swen M. Olofsen to George H. Lent, lots 797
and 799, Gift Map 3; $10. '
Nellie A. and Alfred E. Rhodes to George A
Turner, lot on S !in« of Pine street, 27:3 E of
Steiner, E 27:3 by ft 77:6; $10.
Emelie Lyons to Pledrlcb. W. Tletjen, lot on
N line of Filbert street, 25 W of Btelner, W 75
by N 100: $10.
. W. F. Whlttler to Caroline Wilson, lot com
mencing at most NW corner of iOfl-vara lot 5,
Laguna survey, j being 86.3.22 S of Filbert street
and 185.334 W of Van Ness avenue. 8 45, E 27:8,
NW 52:6; $10.
Bay View Land Company to John H. and
Emma M. L. Smith, lots 33 and 34, block 658,
Bay Park Homestead Association; grant.
O. P. and Man&rethe N. Jorgensen to same,
lot on NIC line of Thirty-third avenue, 25 NW
of I street, XW 2 feet by NE 100, block 559,
same; grant.
►Jane L. Gregg- to Alice C. and Charlotte A.
Gresar, lot-on E line of Polk street, 61:3 N of
Broadway, N 76:3 by E 123; gift.
Julia R. or Julia Travis (by K. I. Whelan,
late Sheriff) to Louisa Silva, lot on S line of
Union street, 240:*0 W of Baker, W 49:7 by S
150; $234.
Samuel F. and Elizabeth F. Weeks to Gua
lala Mill Company fa corporation), lot on N\V
corner of Eighteenth and Harrison streets, N
200. W 75, S 33, W 151:7H, SW< 178:o»», E 274:10%;
$10.
Charles A. and Ida G. Hooper to City Street
Improvement Company, same (two pieces); $10.
Mary Schulz to Timothy O'Keefe, lot on SB
corner of Twenty-third and Alabama (streets,
E 26 by S 74: $10.
John L. Buckley and Judah Boas (by B. P.
Oliver, commissioner) to Hibernia Savings and
; Loan Society, lot on E line of Sansome street,
| 45:10 N of Jackson, N 22:11 by E 137:6; $5500.
; Agnes McAlahon to Santo and Linarda Na
varra, lot on E Jine of Salmon street. 97:6 N
of Pacific, N 20 by E 60; $10.
Robert and Minnie N. Hubbs to Alice G.
Coffin, undivided half of lot on S line of
i Golden Gate avenue. 17T:6 W of Leavenworth
I street. W 20 by S 57:6; $1000.
I Same to F. F. Coffin, undivided half of same;
$1000.
F. F. and Amelia W. Coffin to Alice G. Cof
fin, undivided half of lot on W line of Dale
place, 117:6 S of Goldan Gate avenue, S 20 by W
60; $1000.
James and Theresa McKenna. William and
j Jane Wallace and J. H. Mathews (trustee, by
; 11. M. Covert, commissioner) to Charles Josse
lyn. lot on SW line of Bteuart street, 120 NW
Of Mission, NW 20 by SW 91:8; $17,243.
Peter Qulnri (by B. P. Oliver, commissioner)
to Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society, lot on
! SW line of Hitch street. 118:9 NW of Townsend.
NW 23: Cby SW 50; $1250.
: Hanora Whelnn (wife of Malachy) to Cather
ine Whelan (wife of Patrick), lot on E line of
Mississippi street. 200 S of Nineteenth (Butte),
I S 100 by E 100; also lot on NE corner of Noe
I and Duncan streets, E 655 by N 114: $5.
Henry Marian to William J. Nixon, lot on W
1 line of Thirteenth avenue, 110 S of C street, S
i 15, W 121:8 1-3, NE 18, E 118:6; $10.
Frederick Williams to Maurice Poulter, lot
on E line of Twenty-sixth avenue, 125 S of
Clement street, 8 25. N 86 deg. 45 mln.. E 83:11,
i N 9>4 deg., W 25, W 81:2%; $10.
Robert P. Chase (administrator of estate of
! Elizabeth R. and Grace M. Chase, by John J.
West, commissioner) to Jules t/emaltre, lot on
E line of Ocean House road. 18 deg. 45 mtn. E
! 72 S of Twenty-fourth street, E 148:5, S 100,
; W SI, N 85 deg., W 120:7; $7"4.
; Charles M. v..-. >to Mary V. Foley, lot on E
line of Nevada (Schuyler) street, 400 N of Jef
; ferson. N 135:7. B 70, S 13R:6. W 70, lots 936.
J 938. 940. 942 and 944 Gift Map 2; $10.
Alameda County.
Frederick C. and Maria Matthews to Essie
i C. O'Rourke (wife of J. J.I. lot on S line of
• Avon street 121:6 W of Second avenue, W 50
' by S 150. being lot 28, block B. Vernon Park,
; Oakland; $10.
Thomas Moran to panic, same, Oakland; ?10.
J. J. and Essie C. O'Rourke to H. P. and
Cecilie O. Sorensen, same, Oakland; $10.
Charles B. and Clara A. Andrews to Frances
L. Gillespy (wife of J. H.), the W in feet of
lot 2, block E. Broadway and Telegraph Ave
nue Tract: quitclaim deed, Oaklanad: $100.
Minnie M Gutterson to Sarah B. Cheek, lot
on W line of Castro street. 58:9 S of Sixteenth.
S 50 by W 100, block 264, Oakland; $6500.
William Gregory to Martha Gregory, lot on
E line of Filbert street. 57 N of Railroad ave
nue (or Seventh streeet), N 43 by E 94, being
I the N 43 feet of lots 14. 15 and 16. and a portion
of lot 17. block 540, Oakland; gift.
Mary A. Lent to Taral T. Frlckstad, lot on
NW line of -Ninth avenue, 75 SW of East Sev
i enteenth street. SW 25 by NW 100, being a
i portion of lots 13 to 18. block So. Clinton, East
; Oakland; $10.
Annie A. Spinney (Catton) (wife of F. H.)
! to H. R. Alton, lot 100,. In plat 16, Mountain
View Cemetery, Oakland Township; $10.
Blake Company (a corporation) of San Fran
i Cisco to L T. Bowers, lot 33, block 2, Grove
street Line Tract. Berkeley: $V>.
D. J. Hallahan to Hattie Miller (wife of
. Frank), lot on NE line of new county road.
! Oakland to San Leandro. gS.6 NW of Yoakum
avenue. T E 134.9, NW 40, SW 149.65, BE 42.6,
:to beginning, being lot 3. block B, Fanny
I Davenport Tract, quitclaim deed, Brooklyn
| Township; $5.
F. Mathiesen to Thomas Scott, lot on SW
j line of Junction avenue, 312.35 SE from W line
1 of section 9. township 3 south, ranee 2 east,
thence BE 113.94 by SW 382.15, being lot S, In
plat C, Ladd Estate, Town of Llvermorc; also
: lot on S line of Front street, at NW corner of
lands of Callaghan, thence SE to N line In rißit
of way of Central Pacific Railroad, thence W
! to lands formerly known as the Leonard Tract,
thence NW to B line of front street, thence
NE 60:6 to beginning, quitclaim deed, Murray
Township; $7.
1 Charles J. Martin to Minnie Martin, all In
i tere«t in estate of Charles H. Martin (de
! ceased); gilt.
] Ellen O* Sullivan to Daniel O'Sulllvan lot on
: N line of Twenty-second street. 50 E of Lin
den, E 25 by N 100, block 634, Oakland: gift.
Sara A and Louis A. Livingston to R. E.
Lee Stegall. the S 30 feet of lot 40, block B,
Lands Oakland View Homestead Association,
subject to a mortgage for $2000. Oakland: $10.
Fanny C. Lewis (trustee) to F. E. and Helen
;A. Mulford. lot 15. Corrected Map Electric
[ Heights Tract. Brooklyn Township, $10.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Eighth Page.
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Thursday., November 9.
Stmr Alcatrax, Carlson, 47 hours from San
Dlesro.
Htmr Bonlta, Buckard, 61 hours from San
Vic^n. >
Strnr Westport, Peterson, 42 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Homer. Hlegins. 17 days from Cap«
Nome, via Dutch Harbor 12 days.
Stmr Ttllamook, • Anflndsen, 31 hours from
Santa Barbara.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, 39 hours from Eu-
Stmr Ponlt Arena, Hansen, 14 hours from
Mendocirio.
Stmr rmatilla. Cousins, SO hours from Vic
toria and rucet Sound ports.
Hr stmr Carlisle City, Aitken. 60 days from
Hongkong, via Shanghai 43 days, via Kobe 35
days via Yokohama 29 days, via Honolulu 16
days, via San Dieffo 40 hours.
Bohr Maweema, Smith, 20 days from What-
CX.EARED.
Thursday, November 9. :
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Stmr China, Soabury,' Hongkong: and Yoko
hama, via Honolulu; P M S 8 Co.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, Nanaimo; R
Dunsmulr Sons Co.
Fr bark MacMahon,. Chotard, Queenstown;
. Balfour, Guthrie & Co.
Urlir Lurline. McLeod, Kahului; Alexander
& Baldwin. ,
Schr Elisa Miller, Christiansen, Apia; Ja«
X Watson. •
SAILED.
. Thursday, November 9.
Stmr Tillamook, Anflndsen, ! . ' ■
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria.
Stmr China, Seabury, Hongkong and Yoko
hama, via Honolulu.
Stmr Cleone, Higgins, .
Stmr Alex Duncan. No»ander, .
Stmr Alice Blanchard, Jessen, Eureka.
Ger war stmr Geier, Peters, .
Br ship Castle Rock. Jones, Queenstown.
Fr bark Genevleve Molinos, Lemaitre, Queens
town. I ■
Schr Gotama. Johannis.=en, Coos Ray.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel, Boweno Land
in.
Schr Corinthian, Korth, Bowens Landing.
SPOKEN.
Oct 17, lat IS S, lon 37 W— Ship Tillie E Star
buck, trom Philadelphia, for San Francisco.
MEMORANDUM.
Per stmr Homer, from Care Nome. Nov 9—
In port at Cape Nome Oct 22— Stmr Cleveland,
stmr Albion. At Dutch Harbor— Whaling stmrs
William Baylies and Alexander.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON, Nov 9— Br ship Oranasia. pre
viously reported ashore in river Elbe, got off
■with assistance and is now safely achored.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Nov 9, 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind south, velocity 12 miles.'
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Nov 9— Schr San
Buenaventura, hence Oct 31; stmr : Coquille
River, hence Nov 5.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Nov 9— Schr Chas
E Falk, hence Oct 9, via Eureka.
Bailed Nov 9— Schr Robert Lowers, for Hono
lulu.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Nov 9— Stmr Noyo,
hence Xov 8.
EUREKA— Arrived Nov 9— Schr Allen A.
from Hl!o.
WHATCOM— SaiIed Nov 9— Schr Defiance, for
San Francisco.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Nov 9— Stmr State of Cali
fornia, for San Francisco.
Arrived Nov S— Ger ship Nereide. from Naga
saki.
PAN DlEGO— Sailed Nov 9— Schr Mabel
Gray, for Eureka.
VENTURA— Arrived Nov 9— Stmr Geo Loo
mis, hpnee Nov 8.
NEWPORT— Nov 9— Stmr Sequoia, for
San Francisco.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Sailed Nov B— Stmr Finance,
for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NANAIMO— Sailed Nov 9— Stmr Mineola, for
Port Los Angeles.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Nov B— Br stmr On
Sang, for Pan Francisco. Oct 31— Jap stmr
Nippon Maru, for San Francisco.
BARRY— Returned Nov 7— Br ship Falkland
' bank.
PANAMA— Oct 22— Stmr Colon.
Bailed Oct 18— Stmr Colon, for San Francisco.
SYDNEY— In port Oet 26— ship Caithness
shire, for San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE, Aua-Sailed Nov 6— Schr Wil
liam Carson, for Honolulu.
OYSTER BAY— Arrived Nov 9— Schr Robert
R Hind, from Port Townwnd.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Nov 9— Stmr Teutonic,
from New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov Stmr Kaiser
Frederick,* from Hamburg, via Cherbourg and
i Southampton; Etmr La Champagne, from
Havre: Etmr Trave, from Bremen and South
ampton,
• Arrived stmr Ethiopia, from Glasgow and
Moville.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Nov Stmr Spaarn
dam, from New York.
SallM Nov P— Stmr Maasdam. for New York.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
, h^ Steamers leave Broadway
iHptal^. wharf. San Francisco:
R*2«|S©K. For Alaskan ports, 10 a,
»B^^Bf^ m - Nov - 2 ' : 12 - 17 - "■ 27 -
I £S.2S«vSa Dec. 2. change at Seattle.
i tfrfeffiv* PI f or Victoria, Vancouver
\ 3^KkS^Bl (B - c -'- Port Townsend, 9e-
{r^^^Ma^BJ attle, Taeoma, Everett, An-
acortes and New Whatcom
"^ (Wash.), 10 a. m., Nov. 2, 7,
12. 17. 22. 27: Dec. 2. and
every fifth day thereafter; change at Seattle
to this company'!" steamers for Alaska and
G. N. Ry.; at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m., Nov.
5. 10, 15. 20, 25, 20; .Dec. 6. and every fifth day
thereafter.
Fbr Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon. |
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
1 Guvlnta. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme.
1 San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. Nov. 4. 8. 12. 16. 20. 24. 28;
Dec. 2. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San- Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
I Los Angelen and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
i m.. Nov. 2. 6. 10. 14, IK. 22. 26, 30; Dec. 4. and
' every fourth day thereafter. .
For Ensenada. Macdalena Bay. Pan Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, L* Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mcx), 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month. . ' .
For further Information obtain company
The' company reserves the right to change
i •without previous notice, steamers, sailing dates
' an* hinr« nt palltner.
TICKET OFFICE— New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOOD ALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE I. R. & N. CO.
. DISPATCH PAST STEAMERS TO
PORTL.AND
From PpeAr-«trept Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE £12 ¥\rm\ Class Including BertH
IAnC $S Second Class And Meals.
COLUMBIA Nov. 9. 19, 29
STATE OF CALIFORNIA Nov. 4. 14, 24
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte,
1 Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD,. General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON. PABIJ.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul Nov. SI St. Louis Dec. 13 I
St. Louis Nov. 22! St. Paul Dec. *7
St. Paul Dec. 6 New York Jan. 3
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwero.
From New York I3verv Wednesday, 14 noon.
1 Friesland Nov. S| Kensington ....Nov. 29
j Southwark Nov. 15 ; Noordland .....Deo. «
I Westernland ...Nov. 22 Friesland D«c 13
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael, Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
1 passage apply to
I INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
SO Montgomery st.. or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN fKAISnI
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling nt
Kobe (Hiogo). -Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for i
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day j
of Railing.
NIPPON-MARTJ Saturday. Nov. 25
AMERICA-MART* Thursday, Dec. 21
HONGKONG-MART* Tuesday. Jan. 18
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For ■
freight and passage apply at company's office, j
421 Market street, corner First.
' '■ W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
COMPAONIB GENERALE TRANSATLANTIQTJE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. j.^.^
falling every Thursday Instead of <^ff»*r&
■Saturday. ! from November J. 1899. at ■>*■■**»*<•
10 a. m. from Pier 42, North River, foot of j
Morton ft. LA GAECOGNE. Oct. 21: LA
BRETAGNE, Oct. 28: LA TOTTRAINE. Not.
t: LA CHAMPAGNE; Nov. 9: LA NORMAN-
DIE. Nov. 16: LA GASCOGNE. Nov. 2S: LA
TOURAINE. Nov. 30: LA BRETAGNE. Dec. 7.
First-class to Havre, J6O and upward: 5 put |
pent reduction on round trln. Second-class to '
Havre. $415: 5 per cent reduction on round trip. I
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson build-
' Ing), New Tork. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pa-
rifle Coast Agent*. { Montgomery aye.. San
Frmnclsoo.
■ 1
fftfPHfiHW 'Wednesday. Nov. 15,
i&Sglla. sal's for Honolulu I
Jl"*""""^ Wr'inpsday, Nov. 15,
3 -.. at 2 p. m.
niS^~V~\ S. S. Alameda sails !
rSImJHSn'DeJ via Honolulu and j
Cyi&QIIUIIiy Auckland for Sydney '
frjfnP^PJL. Wednesday. Nov. 29. |
' at $ p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii, :
Samoa, New Zealand, Australia. India, Suez.
England, etc.: $810 first class.
I ;. D. SPR£CKELS & BHOS. CO., Agts.. 114 Montgomen
Pier 7. font Pacific St. F»'«* ll '»'»■» M "' l '«» R». ,
■— — — — »^— — —^ — — » —^» I
BAY AND BJVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montrcello."
MON., Tues.. Wed.. Thur?. nnd Sat. at 9:45
a. m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night), Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m., 8
p. m. Landing and office, Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE ......■..- , BOc
BAIXROAU TRAVEL. 
MOUNT TAMALPAI3 SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Kerry,
Commencing SUNDAY, October 1. 1893.
WEEK DAYS— 9:3O a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:00 a. m. and 1:15 p. m.
1 Far* 8 F. to Summit and Return. $1 40.
THOB. COOK & SON. Agts., 621 Market St.
/^"W Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Atfisft^** KEARNY ST. Established
HnrW '" IH!i * for th* treatment of Private
jfLiJar^Bg Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
fIQMafgMM fllseasewearlngon bodyand mlndand
•UHn£aßupl skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
■ yifciCrlWß others fall. Try him. Charges low
T^aSkßSidaa t'ur«-«BBaranteKt. Callorwritfi.
I Or. J. *'. UIBBON, Box 1937. 5 an Frunciscot
BAILROAD TRAVEL.
NUI'TIIFRV PACIFIC I'OJIPAKT.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Train* If»Tt» »■■<! mi«> <!••<' <« arrive «••
NAN fKAN<:iS<O.
. (Main LLinne n Foot of Market Street.)
leave — From October 29, 1839. — a»biv»
•7 :OO a Benicia, Suisun and Sacramento. . . . •7*43*
•?:<><>a Marysville. OrotiUe via W,iod>*nd,
Elinira, Vacaville and Rumsey . . . . <nt*Sr
•7:00.v Shasta Exprcss-Da»K Willows,
Re.l Bluff, Portland.. .„ *7i43*
•7::s»a Martinez, San Kamon. Vallejo. If apa,
OalistogaaiulSauta Kosa "OtlSp
•S:OOAThB Overland Llinited-Ogden,
Omaha, Chicago •Oil 3*
•8:UOa San .lose, Livermore, Stockton,
lone. Sacrai up 11 to, Placerrille,
M.iryg»ille, Chico, lted Wii1r...... •4ill»r
•»::tOA •Milton, Oakdalooad JSonora M:l.lp
•9:00 a Haywarus, Niks and Way Stations. M ltl"»A
- •»:OOa Atlantic Impress— Ogden and Kurt *»>43a
•»:O«a. Mtrtiiier, Tracy, r.atlirop, Stockton,
Mrc dan.l Fresno M*il»F
•lh»«»A PortCo3t», Fresno. Mojavo and T.os
Aii eli'» "5 : 1' p
• IO:OOa Vallejo, MarUncz and Wny Stations •?:l»r
•1 1 too a Haywardo, Nile* and Way Stations. *2:45r
•I«:OOm Kilos, Livcnnore, Stockton, Hacra-
aiento, Mondota, Ilauford, Visalia,
'rcrterrillo MtlSp
fliOOp BacrMßentO Hirer SteninorK f8:00p
•:j!OOp Haywards, Kjlf and Way Stations. •»»45r
•4:OOrMnrtine?:, San lCiuuon, Vitllcjo,
N»l>a, I'ttlldtiißa. .Santa Rosa »»iI»A
•liOOi- Bcaicia, Vacavil'e. Hacriiincnto,
"Woodland. Kuishis Landinß,
MarysTllln, Ororille »IO:4Ba
•4!BOpNi!e3, Kan .losoftud Stockton »7:15f
•3:OOpTho Owl Limited— Tracy, Fresno.
BakerefieUl, Sauens for banta Bar-
bara. Los Aneelcs /2 : 15 1
•sjBop Stock tpi). MereoO, Fresno Ma:!."*?
•3::i«l> Krt'sno, Jlakersiield, Bauta lUrliara,
Lob Angeles, DrmiDg. El Paso,
New Orleans and Rest »Bi4»*
•SiSOp Santa Fa Itcmto— A tlmilio lCxpress
forMojavn anil Kant *0:13p
•6:OOp Haywarda, Nlloannd.San Jose *I':2 A
18::«»rVal!oj«) 12' iJ p
■ ««:ao i- Oriental Mail— and East ..... »Bi^Op
17: OOp Vallejo, Tort Costa and Way Bta-
tions • tots3p
•8:«3r Oregon and California Js«prc'Bi.Nac-
ramouto. Marysville. a -™*l
I'ortlmia. Tngrn Sound nnd V.anl *8:lQA.
COAST DITISIOS (Narrow flange).
(Foot of Mnrkcfc Street.)
•8:13 a Newark,CentertHlo,.San.li>se,Felton,
BoulderCrceli.SautaCmzaudWay
Station... • -••• t3l00 »
f2ilsp Newark. Ceutervillo, Nan Jose, New
Almaden, Felton. lloulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and l'rlncipal Way __.
Stitions ••• t '««»«*
•4 :15p Newark, Han .Togo, Los Gatos. •Ux^o*.
bll:i3p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
WayStatiocs I' °?
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. „
From SIN FRISCISCO— Foci of Hirkit Strut (Slip 8)—
•715 8:00 ll:O0A.U. 1 1:00 *2:03 13:00
•4:03 tE:0O •6:03i-.«.
rremOUUHD— Fool of Brondstuj.— "«;oo 8:00 10:00*.M.
tl2:00 *l:00 12:03 *3:03 t*:00 "8:00r.M. '
COAST DIVISION (Broad Gauge).
(Third and Towubcihl Sta.)
tG:HK Ocean View, South ISan Francisco.. 1«:8Op
•7:0Oa San Josu Mid Way StaUmu (New
Aliuadeu Wcduftsdayoonly). •!:■•»
• »:OOa Sun Jose, Tres l'lnog, Santa Crnr,
TaciUc Orore. I"**" Itoules, .Sau
Luis Oliispo, Surf, Lompoc and
Principal Way .Stations : i? r
•lOt4OA San .lone nnd Way .Stations I2 ! l?*-
-i •I1::»Oa San .7. .bo mid Way Stations # 3:8 OP
\'4: l3i' San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo rark,
Talo Alto, .Santa Clara, San .lose,
, Tics Pinos, Santa Crux. Salinas,
Monterey and raciflc Grove UOiSQt.
43:aop San Joso and Way Stations 2*f5 F
4 1:1 »p San Josoaud Principal Way*tations '••«A
t3:««»p San.Toaoand Principal AVay I tations i" 1 "*"*-
-•3i3Op Sau .lose and Principal Way Stations *»:<»•»*.
•U::tOr&ia.n Jose and Way Stations ti ! ?.- A
HlrilSp San Jose and Way Stations *7;30r
A for MoruiiiE. P for Afternoon.
•Daily. t Sunday exempted. t Sunday only.
6 Saturday only.
CALIFORNIA LIMITED
Santa Fe Route.
The fastest train, running, over the best rail-
road, with the highest class accommodations.
Connecting train leaves San Francisco at
6:00 p. m.
MONDAY. WEDNESDAY, FRIDAY. SATURDAY,
Arriving in Chicago at 2:15 p. m.
FRIDAY, SUNDAY. TUEBDAY. WEDNESDAY.
OVERLAND EXPRESS
I Every day in the year. Pullman Palace and
I Upholstered Tourist Cars leave for Denver,
] Kansas City, Chicago and the East. Take Mar-
ket-st. Ferry at 5:30 p. m.
VALLEY road
Between Stockton, Fresno, Hanford, Visalia.
i Tulare and Bakersfield, furnishes good local
train service.
San Francisco office, 628 Market St., telephone
Main I£3L
Oakland office, 118 Broadway. »
• Bacramento office, 201 J street.
San Jose office. 7 West Santa Clara street.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN IT. CO.
LKSSEH
SAM FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TUrarou Perry, Foot of Market 6t,
SAN FRANCISCITxO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYB— 7:3O. 9:00, 11.00 a. m. ; 12:35,
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at I:6*
and 11. -Si) p. m.
BUN-DA Y&-8. -CO. 9:30. 11:00 a. m ■ 1:30. 8:30.
6:00. «:20 d. m.
. SAX RAFAEL, TO SAN" FRANCISCO.
1 WEEK DATS— 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a, m.; 12:45,
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips at
1:56 and 6:85 p. no.
j SUNDAYS— 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40. 6:08.
8:25 d. m. ' .'
Between San Franclseo and Schuetzen Park
•ame schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
October 15. . .
Week Sun- 1899. Sun- Week
I Days. days. Destination days. Days.
j 7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am S: 4O am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:26 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pro.
Fulton.
I T:3O am Windsor, 10:15 aim
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
JeSO pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 8:22 pat
7:80 am Hopland and
8:00 am Uklah. 7:85 pm 9:23 pm
T:M am 10:25 am
f 8:00 am OuemeylUe. 7:36 pm
1:30 pm 6:22 pra
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ejlen. 6:06 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8. :00 am Sebostopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
1:80 pm 5:00 pm ) 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Springs: at Geyserville for Slc&Kga
Springs; at Clr.verdale for the Geysere; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Spring*, Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake Witter Spring. TJppe.r Lake. Porno.
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley-'s,
Bucknell'a, Sanhedrin Heights. HulMlle. Orr»
Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
Westport, Usal, Willitts, Laytonville. Cum-
jnlnK's, Bell'g EDrings. Harris, Olsen's, Dyer.
Scctla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at r»-
4uced rates.
' On Sunday round trio tickets to all point*
■beyond San Rafael at half rates. .
Ticket Offices, 850 Market St.. Chronicle bldg.
H. C. WHITING, • R. X. RYAN,
' General Manager Gen. Pass. Agent.
KORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sotuollfta Parry.
Commencing October 1. IJB9.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO, TO HILL VALLEY
■ • ■ AND SAN RAFAEL. rtlJt '*.£
WEEK DAYS— *7:OO, »9:30. 11:00 a, m ■ »l-43_
•3:40, 5:15. 6-00. 6:30 p. m. " •
; EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill "alley and San Ra-
fael, en Mondays. WednesdP-'S and Saturdnva
•at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m. . lurua ys *
SUNDAYS-» 8:00, '10:00, nt:88 a m ■ •lit
1:15, »4:45, C:3O, 9:00 p. m. " '***
Trains marked (♦) run to San Quentin
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISPO
WEEK DAYS-5:25. "6:35, 7:45, «940 am 3
•12:30. 2:15, *3:40, '5:15 p. m. ' ' '.~
1 EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays anil
Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m *
SUNDAYS— <:2O,- •8:00, •10:00 *1 1 ■45 . _, .
•1:40. '3:15. 4:45, '6:30 p. m. <• «v m.,
' Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln '
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO,
! WEEK r>AYS-5:45. 6:45, 7:55. 9: la mi
12:25. 2:35, 3:45, 5:20 p. m. m-l
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 p. m
■iff^^H* 10:05 a - m - : 12:05. 2:15 . i:3a *
B:oo, »:4& p. m.
_ THROUGH' TRAINS.
f;00a. m. week days— Cazadero and way station*.
8:40 p. m. Saturdaj's^-Tomales and ray stat or£
|:00 a. m. JJundHjs-Tomalea and we/ itatlo^
1112
: , THE LAD
I I >^ . THAT'S
UK ./?'^3VEI£.-' 1>?-TO-DATE
k.^^oat. WANTS
E _?4^> 'V". THE
ft - \t^- v^ v \ ffl^' vUri 1 •
' J a h nts re tK? Ch T a o P
V- /Vdfl .'l* x ,i^-, I i V7V several shades
d^o^ M{ 11 RAPHAEL'S
J? The Frisco Boys,
■ ' Cor. Kearny St. and
Union Square Aye-
AUSTIN C TUBBS
CALLED BY DEATH
AUSTIN C. TT'BRS, president nf the Tuhhs Cordage Company, passed
away ot his home in San Mateo on Tuesday last after a short illness.
His d< b was due to heart failure, was a great shock to his
family and r - La The deceased was in the prime of life, being but 41
y^ars old at the time of his demise.
Mr. Tubbs was a native of San Francisco and was born in this city on April
£, 1859. .His father, A. L. Tubbs, was one of the founders of the well-known
cordage bom] on his 'Lath the deceased assumed the presidency of the
corporation. After graduating from Harvard Univei . Ins father's
factory and studied tl ess which he afterward directed. Ten years ago
he married TaHant, daughter of the banki time of his
father-in-law's retirement from the institution Mr. Tubbt <ed president
Of the- banking ■ I ■ s a. widow and three childr-
The li. ten 'lays before 1 is death and was confined to
his home in Ban Mate,,. Dr. Kerr administered to him, but on Tuesday at 3:30
o'clock in th ■ he died. His taking off was as BUdden as it. 'was un
expected. Mrs. Tubbs was attending the needlework exhibit at the Palace
Hotel, tind the sad new- was broken to her by l;r. MacMonagle, who acom
panled her to San M
The deceased was a member of the Pacific Union, University, fosmos r.nd
California clubs. He was an enthusiastic sportsman and was recognized i«s one
of the best authorities on fishing in this State. He was also a member of the
Cordelia Shooting <'lul>, and enjoyed hunting >n the club's reserves.
The funeral will be held from his lato residence in San Mateo at 11:30 o'clock
this morning. A special funeral car -will bring the remains to this city, where
they will be taken by boat to Oakland and there' laid to rest in the'.lamily
vault in Mountain View Cemetery. The following intimate friends of the de
ceased will probably act as honorary pallbearers: John D. Spreckels, H X
Foftmann. Willlan Anderson, J. A. Campbell, Joseph M. William
Mis/hell.. Thomas Brown and Charles W. Kellogg. The pallbearers have been
chosen from among the employes at th,' factory and are ns follows: John Hi ;■
--per Jr., Henry Cortcen, J. F. Danlelson, M. Kopp, Thomas Mallon, F. Draper,
Saaimir Krrickson and William Hurke.
A Newfoundland dog, guarding a ware
house in Boston had to be clubbed Into
submission by the firemen lH;f<.,re they
could enter the building to extinguish a
fire.
Dr. Parker's Couprh Cure. One dose will stop
a cough. Never falls. Try It. 25c. All druggists.*
Land Scrip
And
Land Warrants
Of All Kinds
For the Location of
Government
And
State Lands
Both. Surveyed
And Uneurvcycd.
F. A. HYDE,
415 Montgoßwrr 0t», 6*n Francisco
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FRENNA PLACED ON TRIAL.
Slayer of James F. Turner Appears
With Counsel Before Judge Cook.
Joseph P. Frenna, who shot James F.
Turner In the Crocker building on Au
gust :*< last, was placed on trial for mur
der before Judge Cook yesterday. The
work of securing a Jury was immediately
taken up. The various talesmen were
carefully examined by the prosecution,
which is conducted by District Attorney
Murphy, as to their acquaintance with
I,awr<>nff S. Mtgglnson and Clarence W.
Ashford. admitted enemies of Turner;
while the defense, which Is being con
ducted by "ex-District Attorney Barnes
and John Hosmcr, was equally anxious
about their knowledge of the affairs of
the dead man's friends. But two Jurors
WPr » secured during the day, Jeremiah
Geary and H. Hamburger.
Illness of Dr. Stallard.
Tho many friends of Dr. J. H. StAlfard
will learn with regret that he is confined
to his home. The Bungalow, Menlo Park
with i. Bevere attack of illness. The at
tending physicians. Drs. Parent and Al
den, express hopes of his speedy recovery.
New leather goods for Fall and Holiday
trade are here. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 10. 1899.
DEBUT OF MISS EDITH PRESTON
A BRILLIANT SOCIAL SUCCESS
ONE of the most successful as
well as brilliant social successes
of the season was a dinner
dance given last evening by Mr.
and Mrs. E. F. Preston. In honor of
their daughter. Miss Edith Preston,
who Is now launched Into the realm of
social affairs. The debut of Miss Pres
ton was perfect in detail and her for
mal introduction t■ > society will be
held one of the noteworthy events of
this season.
The scene of Miss Preston's debut
was the suite of parlors on the first
floor of the Palace Hotel. Only the
• friends of the young lady were
Invited and plates were s.-t for hut
thirty-four guests.. The decorations of
FLOOD WILL BUY
OF BALDWIN FOR
A MILLION CASH
Agreement Was Filed
Yesterday.
James i.. Flood will probably not get
possession Iwin I !• tel site with
out a hard legal battle with B. J. Bald
win. A fortnlghi ago the crafty "Lucky"
to a contract with Mr. Flood
wherein he agreed t" sell a portion of
his big property at the corners of Market,
Powell and Ellis Btreeta for tl.inn.ooo. A
day or bo later he repented of his bar
gain and since that time has been seek
ing to break the contract. Mr. Flood,
howei er, r< fused to give up his bond and
yesterday filed it at the Recorder's office.
Thomas Magee, the rej tat< dealer, ap
pears us agent for Baldwin.
The Involved in the deal is not
all ot the Baldwin Hotel site. A good
sized set tion of the 1"! on the Bills street
front will be retained by Baldwin. Flood's
jiiuci.. i frontage of 186 feet <m
Market street. 22 teet at the gore and. l7s
ft-t-t on Powell street. As an evidence of
good faith and In order that everything
should b< regular In case litigation should
ensue .Mr. Flood yesterday afternoon de
posited in the Hibernia Bank $110,000 to
the credit of Mr. Baldwin as part pay
ment in the actual purchase.
By those who are on the inside It is
said that Baldwin will Beck every means
to avoid fulnlllng his agreement, and It is
:i ]?»ii saiii that Mr. Flood will take every
measure to keep him to It, as be has long
considered the property one of the besi
realty investments in the West. Con
cerning his plans Mr. Flood will say
nothing, but it is understood that he con
templates the erection of a magnificent
hotel as soon as the deal is consum
mated.
TROUBLE ON NATOMA STREET.
Charlie Sweeney, ex-Baseball-Player,
Nearly Put Out on Strikes
by a Chinese.
Charlie Sweeney, the ex-baseball player
and saloon-keeper at Eighth and Natoraa
streets, swore to a compliant In Judge
Conlan'B court yesterday for the arrest
•>f Lee Tong, a Chinese laundryman on
the opposite corner, on the charge of as
sault with a deadly weapon. Lee Tong
was arrested and released on bonds.
Wednesday night some small boys were
annoying the laundryman by blocking up
liia door with an old mattress, and he
rushed out with a heavy piece of scant
ling in his hand and pursued Sweeney's
son, attempting several times to strike
him. Sweeney was standing at the door
of his saloon at the time and gave chase
tv thi- Chinese. When he overtook him
the Chinese attempted to strike him with
the Fr-antllng, but Sweeney wrenched It
from him and retains it as a trophy.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce have been granted
Howard H. Harsha from Luella Harsha
nn the jrround of desertion, and Ellen
Porn from Samuel P. H. Dorn on the
ground of failure to provide. Suits for
divorce have been filed by Elizabeth Tlmm
against Henry Tlmm for desertion, and
Martha E. Martin against Adam C. Mar
tin for desertion.
Yesterday's Insolvents.
A petition in involuntary insolvency was
filed in the United States District Court
yesterday by the creditors of Dodwell
Brothers of San Francisco. The debts
stated in the petition are as follows: H.
I.evl, $738 16; \V. W. Montague & Co.,
913 srt; Charles R. Allen, $107 15.
Joseph Harris of Oakland, $1264 87: no
assets.
. ♦ .
Changes Among Firemen.
The Fire Commissioners at their meet
ing yesterday afternoon promoted C. J.
Strouse from hoseman Engine 10 to en
gineer Engine 9, and appointed Patrick
Hughes, engineer. Engine 26; George
Thomas, hoseman, Engine 9, and S.
Bacigalupl, hoseman. Engine 3. John
Murphy, engineer Engine 26, waa retired
on a pension.
the three parlors were most exquisite,
wax berries and autumn leaves blend-
Ing In a white and green effect and
harmonizing with the ribbon decora
tions, which were of the same color.
The hour for the dinner was set at
7. Shortly before that time carriage
after carriage rolled into the Palace
court, depositing the guests. The
menu, which was an elaborate one,
took some three hours in the service
and tnen dancing became the order of
the night!
Miss Preston is the second daughter
of E. F. Preston, the well-known at
torney. She is of the blonde type, with
beauty of face and figure. As «ne
of the debutantes of the season ifce-.
will enter the whirl of the Boclal
DANCE IN THE PALACE PARLORS.
HE WILL INSPECT OUR
FORTS AND SOLDIERS
MAJOR GENERAL NELSON A. MILES, WHO IS NOW
OUR GUEST.
MAJOR GENERAL NELSON A. MILES, accompanied by his wife and
daughter, his niece. Miss Hoyt, his aid de camp, Colonel Mlchler and
B. Frank Hall of Philadelphia, arrived In this city last evening on the
train from Portland, Oregon, and Is now at the Palace Hotel, "where he
will remain until Monday or Tuesday next.
General Miles Is here on a tour of Inspection, which embraces all the
principal military posts of the West. He has Just completed an Inspection
of the defenses at the mouth of the Columbia River, and after visiting the
Presidio and the fortifications on the different Islands in the bay. he will
leave to look at the works at San Diego and return thence to Washington via
New Orleans.
The general was met on his arrival here by Colonel Maus and Captain
Wilson pt General Shafter's staff, who extended to the distinguished soldier
the usual courtesies. To-day will be spent In the Inspection of Angel Island,
Alcatraz and the different military posts about the bay, and to-morrow the
general will visit the Presidio, look at the new defenses where the high
power guns have been recently mounted, give his attention to the camps, bar
racks, and in fact to everything pertaining to the discipline, comfort and
efficiency of the troops now there and will finish the day by reviewing all the
soldiers, volunteers and regulars, who are either stationed at the Presidio,
staying there en route to the Philippines or on their way to their homes
after having done their share of campaigning amid the fever Infested
swamps of Luzon.
When seen at his hotel last night the general positively refused to pass
any' criticism on the campaign In the Philippines or on the probability of
General Otis being relieved by General Merrltt or some" other officer. In re
gard to the probability of the new volunteer regiments being eventually
mustered Into the regular army the general said that In his opinion such
would not be the case. These new regiments were merely raised to meet an
emergency and when the emergency had disappeared the regiments would
disappear with It He said that he could not exactly say what Wies the new
army reorganization would take, but he did not think that the regiments
now on their way to the Philippines would be maintained after their term of
enlistment had expired. This does away with the hope of getting into the
regular army for many of the new officers who have been figuring on even
tually enjoying the prestige that Is supposed to go with the uniform of the
regular.
In a recent speech the general said that peace in the Philippines was pos
sible under certain circumstances. When asked last evening what these cir
cumstances were he declined to answer, saying that he preferred to say
nothing more on that matter.
To-night the Loyal Legion will give a reception and supper at the Occi
dental Hotel, at which General Miles will be the guest of honor. Nearly all
the army and nary officers In or near the city are expected to attend and the
result will be one of the largest military entertainments that has ever taken
place in San Francisco.
world and nothing but success Is pre
dicted by her many and devoted
friends.
The guests were: Miss? McNutt,
Bertram Cadwalader, Miss Cole, Clar
ence Follis, Miss Terese Morgan, Ed.
Greenway. Miss Mamie Josselyn. Har
ry Poett, Miss Hush, Maxwell McNutt,
Miss Josselyn, Miss Edith ' Preston,
James Reid, Miss Helen Thomas, Wal
ter Magee, Miss Preston, Adolph
Bpreckels, Miss Cadwalader, Frank
King, Miss Lily Spreckels, William
Denman, Miss Ames, Howard Veeder,
Miss Florence Hush, George Cadwala
der, Miss Preston, Horace Platt, Miss
Hamilton. George Martin, Miss Den
man, Bruce Cornwall, Miss Holbrook
and E. F. Preston.
Hales.
___ . r\*i*i t us? /ar7 *TM? the store
*fwj&M>4Bftgfr mother
Market Street. Ji^^^^ likes -"
Hale's hosiery by the dozen
our aggregation of California stores buys
hosiery enough to stand cheek by jowl
with any wholesaler; and we sell enough
to sell in lots of a dozen at dozen rates, you get
the lowest possible price by the single pair ; and a
quantity discount by the dozen.
bed furnishings | school stockings
100 pair white cotton blankets with | misses' and boys*
i -„ „ vwi , *"~K fast black seamless
colored borders; makes a fine bed , $ £v.V. ,<\ hose of good heavy
sheet or ironing blanket; size 46x72.. d^s&p^ weight, fine ribbed,
50c pair W'.A^ 1 ; " ■ hard twisted elastic
*"**" '""SfekiiFk"* cotton, improved
all pure wool California blankets — s; sS^ double
selected stock; silk bound, pink and -j^^S^^ 12^ c pair; $1.38 dozen
blue borders; 70x82 inches $6 pair '"^^rfilF^ "Iron Frame" hose
11/ W —the never-wear-out
heavy muslin pillow cases, with 2- I] W kind for boys and
, . i- tc ;»,^v. <=- v girls; fine ribbed, but
inch hem. ready for use; 40x36 inches, * heavy and elastic;
it's a quality we can offer as a leader black cotton; double knees, heels and
at 10c each toes 15c pair; $1.65 dozen
misses' fine ribbed lisle finished
hose, in medium weight; a deep,
glossy black and very dressy; extra
neCKWeaP double French soles, heels and toes;
, „ ,*4 „ - 10R sizes 6to 9y 2 ; should sell at 25c pair..
a sample line, consisting of IJo 3 pairs for 50c
pieces, were sold to us at about one- misses' and boys' extra quality im-
third regular price, because in show- ported fast black hose; fine ribbed
B v ' , ' y, n^ a A extra long, very elastic; medium and
ing them as samples they showed extra heavy we ights; sizes 6to 9%...
slight effect of handling; good goods, 25c pair; $2.75 dozen
though, and no real damage. table lnens
ladies' black liberty silk neck boas new table damask, all pure linen, 2
with pleated ends; ladies' stocks with yards wide; two leading values
jabots, and stocks with bows; regular -•- Vabie' napkins.' 'afl Hn'enfhe^vy
prices up to $1.50 each; to-day and we ipht; hemmed ready for use; 22x22
until sold 50c each Inches $1.50 dozen
CLEVER CROOK
SAFELY LANDED
IN THE TANKS
Arrest of a Dangerous
Burglar.
Through the efforts of Detectives Mc-
Mahon, Wren and Dinan an unusually
r burglar is safely locked up in the
tanks. Ills true name is Prank Ballard,
'■ but he is known under several aliases.
During the past few weeks a numoer
I of houses in the Western Addition have
been entered by Kallard, and property
valued at over $K"»O taken. After an in
vestigation the detectives suspected Bal
lard and they concluded to watch him.
Last evening he was seen to enter an
auction house on Kearnv street, near
Pine, and offer for sale some diamoi da
which he had stolen. The detectives,
after waiting until he had concluded tne
bargain, entered the store and placed
him under arrest. He was at once taken
to police headquarters and placed in the
tanks pending further Investigation,
The auctioneer, . when questioned,
readily admitted that Ballard had been
in the habit of visiting his place of busi
ness and offering for sale various ar
ticles of jewelry and silverware. Several
days ago he purchased from him some
diamonds, which were identified by the
defectives as being a portion of the prop
erty taken from a private residence in
the Western Addition. In adtlition to t..e
stolen gems the detectives found in the
store a quantity of silverware, various
articles of jewelry and several otgunSj
all of which had been stolen by Kallard
and sold by him for about one-tenth their
value. The stolen property was removed
to police Headquarters, and to-day efforts
will be made to have the articles
identified.
Ballard is not unknown to the police.
Some time ago he and a companion vis
ited a saloon on Third street, and after
representing that they were commercial
travelers, induced the aged proprietor to
have a drink with them. While his atten- j
tion was temporarily distracted Ballard, j
it is claimed, slipped a "knockout drop |
into his glass. The unsuspecting victim, |
after wishing the two strangers good
luck " drank the drugged whisky. Shortly j
afterward he became unconscious, and
was carried into a rear room by the dcs- j
perate pair. They then opened the till
and got away with the contents, amount
ing to $32 50. Both men were arrested for
the crime but were afterward acquitted,
as the prosecution failed to establish a
case. A few weeks later Ballard robbed a i
printer of a gold watch after drugging \
him He was arrested after considerable
trouble and charged with robbery. Sub- j
sequently he was allowed to plead guilty ,
to petty larceny, and was sent to the |
County Jail for a' term of six months. The I
police are now working to locate his part- I
ncr As he is well known, they expect to
have little difficulty in landing him be
hind prison bars.
PAUL DE BAUGE TELLS
A TALE OF BLOOD
He Was Made the Victim of the Panei
Game — Woman Attacked Him
With His Own Dagger.
John Tracy, residence 14 Turk street,
took the stand yesterday morning in
the office of Coroner Hill and swore
that for the past year he had been
supported by Delia Tracy, alias O'Connor,
alias Reynolds, who was murdered last
Tuesday morning by Paul de Bauge.
Tracy said that he was a barkeeper by
occupation, and that he had n<>t worked
for a whole year, during which time he
had been living with the deceased.
The prisoner was present during the in
quest, with his counsel, John B. Carson
and James Long. His face is scratched j
from his encounter with the dead wosnau
and his right eye is blackened, the result
of his tussle with the arresting officers.
By advice of his attorneys, he declined
to make any statement.
Nothing new was developed by the in
quest except the statement made by the
prisoner in the office of Chief of Police
Lees on the day after the arrest. The
(statement was read to the jury by Otto
Heynemann, secretary to the Chief. It
appeared from the document that the wo- :
man robbed Bauge of $10 and shoved the i
money under the door, so that her accom
plice in the hallway outside could get it. |
When he demanded his money the j
woman ordered him out and threatened
to call the police if he did not go. Upon j
his refusal to go the woman scratched his
face and bit the little finger of his right
hand. In order to make her let ko of
his finger he choked her with a cord.
She then seized him and caused him I
such excruciating pain that he was driven
wild, and when she snatched his dirk out
of his hip pocket and attempted to stab
him he pulled it away from her. leaving
the handle in her hanfl. and stabbed her
to make her let go. Then, as she was
faintly crying "murder," he placed a pil
low over her mouth until she died.
The jury returned a verdict charping
De Bauge with murder. The prisoner was
arraigned before Judge Mogan in the
afternoon and the preliminary examina
tion was set for the 14th of this month.
Osborn Sued for Divorce.
Edward G.. better known along the line
as "Teddy" Osborn, one of the proprietors
of the Ferry Cafe, 18 Market street, Is de
fendant in a suit for divorce filed In the
Superior Court. His wife complains that
he has been false to his marriage vows
Miss Ruby Rogers Carle of Lorin, Ala
meda County, Is named aa co-respondent.
Hales.
FORTUNES
JN OIL!
CONTINENTAL OIL AND
DEVELOPMENT CO.
(Incorpoated.)
ONLY 6000 SHARES,
of which 100fl were put on f .h»
market and over half sold the first
ten days.
This is a genuine opportunity for
an oil investment. The Company
owns by United States patent
five twenty-acre tracts in the
"OIL BrtSIlS,"
Kings County, the richest oil bear-
ings in the entire belt.
We have made arrangements for
the latest improved machinery and
will shortly be boring for oil. at
which time stock cannot be had at
any price.
NO ASSESSMENTS.
A. E. RUDELL.. Sec.
222 Sansome street.
WILLIAM CORBIN, Pres.
Come Just to See
Elegant Premiums Given Free.
Great American Impcrßat Tea Co.
Stores Everywhere.
zoo Stores*
jSAVE MONEY cp-c2/®©^rc2®<® •
lON YOUR § <% t |
NEXT SUIT I C^M% I |
;by having It CV.//§Cf 111 ISP 0 •
• made at JOE ClVsSl a ' *> ©IC>/f, '•
i poheim ' s - milwM - !
I He makes the •Vlr^=*/\ E)tw© :
: best suits and C)'\£)Olil iwffirvrfl I
• charges less than C? 0/3 S^K \ :
: other tailors— a / lQ)\ I S)& 0) :
: saving to you of (V / V \^\\\\ & !
■ from $5 to $15 on A / V \>\\W ' X •
i a auit - © / >/XS v s i
j Is not that a 0 '^ 6 I
; saving worthy of o -f\ /^* <p s
! your notice? C) \Jf /-' • c) :
5 He guarantees %tft^li£(/ni% \
• a fit and refunds S,i^^W Tjsiifif? yi-(n :
■ all money If you O^^sTA I LOR^tfg j
I are dissatisfied :
jin any way. mo-1112 Market „ j
I Eletrant AH- 201-2 OS Montgomery :
: Wool Suits made 8t - San Francisco. : .
•Hi ro° rder T. nt Or 1011 Washington at., j
•I/ J 'r, Pants - Oakland. 5
• $4 50; Overcoats, *
: J2O. 143 So. Spring st., •
« Los Angeles. :
■•■««««■«-»--•-«»«»»•«•»«»««» —
I Transcontinental tourists and tray- '
I elera from all over the United State*
I ebow their appreciation of the excel* ' '
T lence of the ' '
{ PALACE ♦
grand:
1 ' by making these hotels their headquar- '
1 ' tero while in San Francisco. Fourteen <
i' hundred rooms, 900 with baths— largest <
i and finest In the world
i JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK. Manager , ,
........ T
........ - - - t ....tj.
ALL AILMENTS OF MEN CURED,!
S\«3r s^s'My^s.K I
PRrVATE BOfS I.1 '. Established 17 yean, «
or by Ja^l X , f^ d advlce free at oUIH '
or by mail. All letters conndentlal. •
781 Market St., San Francisco. |
COKE ! COKE!
. P. A. McDonald.
Wholesale Dealer and Shipper c' Coke.
OFFICE. $13 FOLSOM ST.
i ■ — . . •
HI! DTI I f riles and all Rectal
Ii I diseases cured or no
Kl l r 1 IK U i>*y- No detention
II II I ISI II 1 \ r < m .ine M dks
lIUI IUIU MANSFIELD 4 POU-
Wi ■**■*•— TERFIELD, »S8 Mar-
-1 ket St.. San Fr»ncl*».