VOLUME LXXXYI-NO 107.
NO SLIGHT
INTENDED TO
THE ADMIRAL
Why the President and Cabi
net Cannot Greet Dewey
Upon His Arrival.
PLANS OF RECEPTION
Elaborate Arrangements Being
Made at New York to Honor
the Hero of Manila Bay.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Sept. 14.— An inter
esting stage in the work on the
Dewey arch was reached to-day.
The gigantic statues of eight of
the most distinguished naval he- |
roes in American Astory were hoisted j
Into position on the fronts of the arch.
These statues weigh about two tons
each and are twelve feet tall. They
had to be raised by block and tackle, j
and the greatest care was exercised to i
prevent them from being broken. The !
statues of the nava! h.-roes to be placed
in this exalted position are those of j
Hull, Macdonough, Porter, Gushing.
John Paul Jones, Farragut, Lawrence
and Perry.
Madison Square was black with spec
tators while the statues were being
placed In position. The figures were
brought over from Madison Sauare
Garden on drays, followed by noisy
crowds. Sculptors were there to see
that their creations were not broken
or damaged in transit.
Walter Damrosch, who has charge of
the children's chorus in City Hall Park
that will Bing on Saturday morning,
■when the city's loving cup will \>e pre
: to Admiral I >ew.-y. had a con
ference to-day with Warren F. Foster, \
the committee. Damrosch
was accompanied by Miles M. O'Brien
of the Boai ! ol Education. It seems
that provision has been made by the
- for 1200 persons on
;id in front of the City
Hall. Mr. Damrosch wants accomni"
dation for 2500 children, and it will be ■
sary to have further ■ ommunica- j
tion with the committee on stands.
With the exception <>f a final decision
the line of march i""r the land pa- ;
rade; the preliminary arrangements for ,
the i. ire about completed. The j
line of march \\:i' be agreed up.>n to
meeting of the commit
i :■■.!':■■'..- are that the ■
. a ay route will be abandoned and
that the procession will march on Fifth
avenue from Fifty-ninth street to
Ington Square. This is the route \
' by Major General Roe, Gen
eral Howard Carroll and all the com- j
manding officers ol in.- regiment who
have beer, cons;; .
An effort was made to-day to mak>' it
appear that the national administration
has been trying- to suppress Admiral I
. as a possible Presidential can
by refusing to participate in his !
ion. The basis of this was Presi- i
■lent McKinley's letter made public on
Wednesday and the declination of the
invitations t" the reception by Secre
taries Hay, Hoot, Smith and others.
The understanding of the citizens'
committee was thai the President and
mcml" met had declined in i
order thit Admiral Dewey should have
a free field, v. ith ro one to divide the
glory of the day with him.
John Philip Sousa has offered his own ;
md those of his band to the!
music committee. Mr. Sousa says h>
would be glad to play in front of the ;
ipla'fl sail rs during the parade.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 14.— M-mbers !
of the Cabinet say that their absence '
from the reception to be given to Ad- !
miral Dewey upon his arrival at New
York must not b" constn -light j
upon the New York committee or as |
indicating any re!u< •
the hero of Manila. The reason
neither the President nor his
will take part in th<- New York :■
tton is that Admiral Dewey is to be
officially welcomed upon his arrival in
Washington, when he will be received
by the President and will be formally j
nted by the Secretary of the Navy
with the sword voted to him by Con
;rr-ss in recognition of his victory in
Manila Bay.
Cabinet officials say that it is flttinc i
that the admiral should be welcomed
nt at the capital of the
nation and that as he is to be wel
come officially here it would be absurd
■..• the President welcome him un
lly in New York.
As all the members of the Cabinet are
to participate in the < -i!j«i;il welcome I
here, the same reasoning applies to
them. Secretary Root says that the
pressure of public business will prevent
:i in the Dewey celebra
■. York. The Secretary said j
.' take pan in the reception to be,
td the admiral upon his arrival I
in Washington by the President and j
the Cabinet.
YELLOW FEVER SPREADS.
Fifteen New Cases and One Death In
Twenty-Four Hours.
KEY WEST, Fia., Sept. 14.— Fifteen
•ipcs of yellow fever and one death
been reported in the past twenty
four hours.
To Demolish a Palace.
PARIS, Sept. 14.— another historic
olldinf in Paris is soon to be demnl
<hed. It is the former palace of Queen
lortense and the habitation of Baron
olomon de Rothschild. The palace, with
B magnificent park and gardens, was
•cently sold by Baron de Rothschild for
5,000,000 francs. • .
Lentz and the Philippines.
COLUMBUS, 0., Sept. 14.— <on?rossman
John J. I>entz is being urged by some of
ost prominent anti-imperialists to
m the Philippines and make a per
[nvestigation of ditions there
• itorj to loading the Democrats in
r-oncresa In the attack on President Mc-
Klnley's policy toward the Filipinos. The
trio wan the subject of a conference in
New fork B few days ago. The matter (
has not been definitely settled.
The San Francisco Call.
KRUGER'S REPLY DEPENDS
UPON ORANGE FREE STATE
Transvaal Government Urged to Renew Offer
of a Conference With Great Britain, but
the Result of Controversy Is
Yet in Doubt
BeiM, a Portuguese Seaport in South Africa.
The town of Beira, on a bay of the same name, something over 300 miles north of Delagoa Bay, Is destined to be
port of Importance in ease of war. From J'.eira a railway runs inland toward Salisbury, the seat of government of
hodesia, and at Umtali, on the border of Rhodesia, it will, when completed, tap the whole South African system of
illways.
PRETORIA, Sept. J4.— The discus
sion of the first draft of the re
ply to the British note ended this
evening, President Kruger hav
ing left at 4 o'clock and not hav
ing returned. It is understood that the
Government will draw up the reply in
its final form to-morrow morning and
immediately submit the same to the
Volksraad. The reply will be in terms
strongly influenced by the Orange Free
State and among other features the
maintenance of the convention of 1884
will be strongly asserted.
The situation this evening is hot con
sidered so favorable as it was during
the forenoon.
LONDON, Sept. 14.— While the staff
of the Foreign Office will maintain con
tinuous communication to-night with
.Mr. Chamberlain at Birmingham, it is
not believed now that the result of th<
debate in the Volksraad will be received
before Friday. Dispatches from Cape
Town dated midnight attach great im
portance to an article in the Ousland,
the orga« of the Afridander Bund,
which urges the Transvaal Government
to renew its offer regarding a confer
ence, declaring that there is no reason
why the Transvaal should not accept
a conference and calling attention to
the fact that the word "suzerainty" is
not mentioned by Mr. Chamberlain and
that therefore there is nothing to indi
cate an obligation on the part of either
TRIAL SPIN OF THE
YACHT COLUMBIA
Heavier Set of Sails, Mr. Iselin De
clares, Causes a Better Show
ing of Speed.
NEW YORK. Sept. 14.— Columbia
had a trial spin oft New Rochelle. N. Y.
There was a fine northwest wind blowing,
and in it the Columbia put in thirty miles
of sailing. The drill was largely devoted
to practicing different moves. The Colum
'■ bia carried a new mainsail-a heavier one
: than usual. Mr. Iselin says that he has
' found that the heavy mainsail caused the
' SK ne S^st^ay %V^
Bristol where she will have her. racing
■ fun Tutted on. Mr. Iseltn § "™* n °
eet t _ eße sails set and tested. He wants
It least ten days' trial of the sails before
the lirst race. _
RECEPTION TO THE
IDAHO VOLUNTEERS
Citizens of Various Municipalities
Join the State Officials in the
Plans.
ROTSE. Idaho. Sept. 14.— A general com
mittee has been created here to take
charge of the reception to the Idaho vol
unteers on their return to Boise. It con-
I siats of Governor Steunenberg. Mayor
Richards. President Pierce of the Cham
ber of Commerce, Adjutant General
Weaver and W. 8. Bruce.
The reception is to be a State function,
•while the entertainment of the volunteers
■will be provided for by the citizens of
' Boise through the Chamber of Commerce.
Vice presidents of the general committee
have been appointed from the principal
towns throughout the State. Some of
them arc as follows:
Pocatello, Mayor Bistllne; Blackfoot,
John G. Brown"; Idaho Falls, George
i Chapin; St. Anthony, M. J. Gray; Malad.
JD Evans; Rathdrum, Captain F. A. Mc
[ Call; Lewiston, Colonel Harry McCon
i ville; Wallace, Mayor Smith; Wardner,
Frederick Burbidge; Coeur d'Alene,
Maj or Ma;
It' If expected the volunteers will arrive
here on the morning of the 28th. On the
evening of that day there will be a parade
and an official reception at the nataio
riiim. A camp will be established, whore
the men will be provided for until Satur
day evening.
BELIEVES PEARY WILL
REACH THE NORTH POLE
NEW YORK, Sept. 14.— Herbert 1,.
Bridgeman, who commanded the Peary
Arctic expedition of ls'.t'j, arrived in
Brooklyn to-day. The Diana, the ship
which conveyed the members of the ex
pedition into the northern seas, reached
Sydney. C. 8.. Tuesday. The members of
the Princeton scientific party remained
in Sydney to superintend the shipping of
their collections made during the two
months' cruise.
Of Peary's work Mr. Bridgeman said:
"Peary's results in the first year of the
four allotted to his greatest Arctic work
will fully reward expectation and justify
confidence. What he has already achieved
removes his undertaking from the realm
of doubt to reasonably .certain success."
Mr Bridgeman believes that Peary will
accomplish his purpose and reach the pole
before his four years are up.
SAN FR AN CISCO, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1899.
government to abandon its views on
the subject.
This article is understood to be the j
outcome of an important Afrigander ;
caucus held to discuss the Chamberlain !
note, and it Is understood that the ar- ;
gument >ias been fortified by strong ,
messages to Pretoria, urging the Yolks- '.
raad to forego the suzerainty objection j
and to concede the British proposals, j
There is every reason to believe that ,
Mr. Hofmeyer, the Afrikander leader, j
has wired President Kruger to the same
effect and similar representations have
been telegraphed from the Orange Free
State.
The Pretoria correspondent of the
Times says: It is very doubtful;
whether an unqualified acceptance of
Great Britain's demands will be given. '.
The Paris correspondent vt the Times j
sa\= Delcasse, the French Foreign Min
ister, has directed the French Consul in
the Transvaal to endeavor to persuade
President Kruger \o accept Mr. Cham- j
berlain's proposal.
The Pretoria correspondent of the i
Daily Telegraph says: The members |
of the Volksraad received Mr. Cham- j
berlain's dispatch defiantly to-day. In- ,
dividual members declare that Great j
Britain must moderate her demands.
On the other hand a rumor is current
that President Kruger favors compli- j
ance and has even suggested that he <le- <
sires the irreconctlables to leave Pre- i
CONSUMPTIVES MAY BE
EXCLUDED FROM S TATE
Resolution Introduced at the Meet
ing of the State Board of Health
for Most Stringent Quar
antine Regulations.
■SACRAMENTO. Sept. 14.— The State
■Board of Health met In this city to-day,
land as one of the results of the meeting
(extreme measures may be adopted ex
cluding from the State persons afflicted
■ with consumption.
The matter was brought up by Dr. D.
i D. Crowley of the board, who Introduced
i a resolution In which it was held that
■ consumption is an infectious disease
which should be stopped in its progress
In this State, and the board was urged
; to look into the propriety of excluding
i consumptives from California, who re
i gard the atmosphere in the southern
1 part of the State as being specially adapt
. Ed, on account of its climatic conditions,
■ for the cure of people suffering from tu
berculosis.
The board by a unanimous vote decided
! to give the matter seriouß attention and
adopted the resolution requesting BUcb
1 action. Should the board agree with Dr.
Crowley upon the exclusion of consump
FILIPINO CONGRESS
BECOMING DISHEARTENED
MANILA, Sept. 15.-Latest reports re
ceived by Otis regarding the Filipino Con
gress were to the effect that the body has
become disrupted and members scattered.
Beveral members apparently abandoned
bope of success in the Insurrection, for
I His 1 informants state they are remaining
in the Tarlac rebel capital awaiting th#
: expected capture of that town by the
' American forces. \
The authorities here have received no
communication tfom Congress recently,
i and have sent none to it. A eorrespond
-1 ent this morning questioned General
S> hwan in reference to the report that
Congress had replied to the offer of
autonomy made by the United States Gov
ernment." This reply, according to the re
port, was to the effect that autonomy
might have been accepted and American
sovereignty recognized by the Filipinos
had it not been that the behavior of die
, Americans indicated that they entertained
; race prejudice against the Filipinos, and
i the high-handed methods of the Ameri
i cans created fear as to the future.
General Schwan declared that no such
; reply had bepn received and that nothing
fas known of it here.
»
Captain White Goes to Manila.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 14.— Captain F.
K. White is detached from the Marine
toria and consult constituents, thereby
avoiding their opposition. This belief
is held in Johannesburg and accounts
fur the hopeful condition of the market,
but the general p"ublic is pessimistic.
The Times publishes the following
from Johannesburg: Mystery sur
rounds the attitude of the Orange Free
State. President Steyn's silence is in
terpreted as showing an intention to
support the Transvaal through thick
and thin, although his inclination at
present is on the side of peace. Public
feeling is running very high, and unless
President Kruger Tnakes an emphatic
pronouncement in favor of conciliation
the majority of the B<»ers will inevitably
vote against ary concessions beyond a
seven-year franchise. The Cape Town
correspondent of the Daily News ,says:
A thousand men are engaged in
strengthening the defenses of Pretoria.
Trenches aie being excavated and
earthworks-- ir.«truc ted. It i« iv ported
that both Hands will adjourn at the end
of the week to enable members to con
sult their constituents on the questions
raised in Mr. Chamberlain's dispatch.
The Pretoria correspondent of the
Daily Chronicle says that when Mr.
• Vtiyngham Greene, the British Diplo
matic Agent, suggested forty-eight
hours as the period within which the
reply of the South African Republic
was expected, the Transvaal represen
tative replied: "If your suggestion is
serious, the reply will be ready In forty
eight minutes."
President Kruerer's intimates, accord
ing to the Daily Chronicle, are pessi
mistic regarding the situation.
tives, inspectors wjll be stationed along
the borders of the State and will board
! every train coming over the State line.
| Any person having the appearance of be
i ing afflicted with consumption will be
! placed in quarantine, and if necessary
such person will be returned to the place
he came from.
Dr. Cohn, quarantine officer of the San
Francisco Hoard of Health, asked to be
j appointed State Quarantine officer, claim
! ing that an appointment by the State
! Board would give him a much better
j standing in the courts in his action
I against the Federal Quarantine officer.
| The board declines to make the appoint
| ment, but directed its secretary to re
quest from its attorney, George A.
Knight, an opinion as to its powers and
authority in the entire matter of quaran
tining vessels coming into San Francisco
harbor. The board also decided to take
radical action In the matter of the pollu
tion of the water courses of the State.
Barracks Navy-yard, New York, and or
dered to proceed to San Francisco by rail
and theiice by army transport to Manila
Upon his arrival he will report to the
commander-in-chief of the Asiatic sta
tion, as officer detailed to command the
Second Marine Battalion at Cavite.
SOLDIERS TO BE SHOT
FOR COMMITTING CRIMES
MANILA, Sept. 11 (via Hongkong, Sept.
14).— The local papers assert that Corporal
Hamhoffer and Private Conine of Com
pany B, Sixteenth Infantry, have been
sentenced to death by court-martial and
that Private Mcßennett has been con
demned to twenty years' Imprisonment
for having criminally assaulted native
women in Manila a month ago. The
nini's, it is said, greatly aroused the na
tives.
The papers assert also that General Otis
has recommended that President' McKin
ley approve the sentence and that he de
efrea a public execution of the men sen
tenced to death as a warning against a
repetition of the crime.
Arrivals at Guam.
WASHINGTON, Bept. 14.— Captain
Leary, the Governor General of the Island
of Guam, has reported his arrival at his
post on the steamer Yosemite, under date
of August 7. The collier Brutus and the
surveying ship Nero have arrived at the
same island. August 13 and September 7,
respectively.
STAGE HELD
OP BY A LONE
HIGHWAYMAN
Daring Robbery of the Lake
port Stage at Desperate
Bend.
A SUSPECT ARRESTED
Effort Will Be Made to Fasten the
Guilt on Him With
Bloodhounds.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA, Sept. 14.— The Napa, Calistoga
and Lakeport stage was held up at 11:45
this morning by a lone highwayman at
Desperate Bend, about one mile south
of the tollhouse. The highwayman was
about five feet and eight inches high,
had light hair and a light complexion.
He had on a black hat, pulled down
over his e*yes, and blue overalls, and
carried a long old-fashioned double
barreled shotgun.
Pointing his gun at the driver's head
the highwayman ordered him to throw
out the express box, which he did. The
passengers were next commanded to
put their money and valuables on the
ground. They were then permitted to
get back into the stage and the driver
was told to go ahead. The robber
gathered up all the valuables, sprang
over a fence and disappeared in the
brush. Soon afterward the passengers
heard three explosions, which were
supposed to be the blowing open of the
express box.
Rev. C. F. Coy, pastor of the Metho
dist Church at Middletown. was a pas
senger returning from the conference
at Pacific Grove and the highwayman
got $5 from him. Coy said, "'I am a
poor preacher and that is all I have."
The robber then handed him back $1.
Newton Stiff, an old resident of Mid
dletown, another passenger, had con
siderable money in his purse, which he
slipped into his boot, giving the rob
ber only his loose change. William
Abbey, a passenger who was on his
way to Adams Springs for his health,
was handed back 50 cents. About $75
was secured from the passengers. The
express box contained very little treas
ure, though the day before it contained
a large amount.
CALISTOGA, Sept. 14.— Sheriff Dun
lap and Constable Allen of Napa and
Constable Spurr and City Marshal
Johnson of St. Helena arrived in town
at 5 o'clock. C. E. Buller joined the
officers here with his bloodhounds, for
merly owned by ex-Sheriff J. R. John
son f>f Mendocino County, and the offi
cera are ra hoi pursuit of the fugitive.
It is believed by some that the rob
ber is George Coburn, the Lake County
outlaw. If so there will be a desperate
battle before he is taken into custody,
if at all. Coburn is so thoroughly ac
quainted with the country that his cap
ture would be almost out of the ques
tion. Others are of the opinion that it
is not Coburn, but a local man. The
description given by some of the pas
sengers is that of a rather tall, slim,
sandy-complexioned fellow.
At 7 o'clock Constable Grauss and
Marshal Nash returned with Joe Weir,
a well-known character, whom they
have arrested as the robber. Quigley,
the driver, made a statement at the
tollhouse that he was satisfied that it
was Weir who held him up. With this
clew to work on the officers soon found
evidence against the accused. Weir
lives about a mile from the scene of the
hold-up, all alone. The bloodhounds
have been started on the track and if
they go to Weir's house no further
search •will be made.
MONETARY CRISIS
OCCURS IN SAN DOMINGO
Paper Money Refused and the Poor
People Thus Rendered Unable
to Buy rood.
Special Cable to The Call and Aw York Her
ald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gordon
Bennett.
SAN DOMIXGO. Sept. 14.— A crisis was
reached In the monetary situation to-day.
Merchants refused to take paper money
and the people were unable to purchase
food. This resulted in serious disturb
ances in the market place this morning
and great disorder prevailed.
A Cabinet meeting was hurriedly called
and a proclamation practically demon
etizing paper money, except Tn part pay
ment of customs duties, was issued. The
proclamation was hissed and is certain
to cause great disssatisfaction and suf
fering.
General Caceres has resigned as Minis
ter of War and Aristides Patins, former
Minister, succeeds him. The Government
promises relief when Congress meets, but
the people demand immediate action.
TWO MEN ARE KILLED
IN A TRAIN WRECK
Pay Train and a Frieght Train Meet
in Collision on the Pittsburg
and Charleston.
PITTSBURG, Sept. 14.— Two men were
killed and two injured in a collision on
the Pittsburg. Virginia and Charleston
Railroad near Baird's station last night
between the pay train and a freight train.
The killed are:
Edward Reheacher, engineer.
Charles Bettig. fireman.
Injured: James I. Haiken, paymaster;
unknown tramp.
The injured will recover. The accident
was caused by a misunderstanding of
orders.
JOCKEY SPRAGUE DIES.
NEW YORK. Sept. 14.— Cornelius S.
Sprague, the jockey who fell from Julius
f'aesar in the hurdle race at Gravesend
to-day, died to-night. His home is at
Long Branch, N. J.
Filipinos Made Policemen.
MANILA. Sept. 14.— The Filipino police,
numbering 250 men armed with revolvers
and clubs, became operative at Manila to
day. The force Ms controlled by the pro
vost marshal and was reviewed on the
Luneta.
Coal • ent to Manila.
GIBRALTAR, Sept. 14.— The United
States collier Alexander, which sailed
from Norfolk August 30 with a full
cargo of coal for the naval station at
Manila, has arrived here.
Murderer Hanged.
HELENA. Mont., Sept. 14.— Joseph |
Allen was hanged at the County Jail at ;
6:10 this morning. Allen was found guilty
of murdering J. S. Reynolds, his partner
In the sheep-shearing business, July 17,
189 S. , J
CARELESSNESS CAUSED
THE WRECK AT FAMOSA
Railway Officials Blame the Crews
of Both Trains— Death of
Engineer Wright.
THE DEAD.
MRS. MAGGIE MAJORS,
Santa Monica.
MRS. ANGIE LARUE,
Piano.
MRS. JESSIE ROSS, Por
terville.
ENGINEER ED WRIGHT,
Fresno.
BAKERSFIELD, Sept. 14.— Three
women and one man lost thefr
lives in an awful wreck last even-
Ing at Famosa station. The last
victim. Engineer Ed Wright of
north-bound passenger, train No. 8,
succumbed at 8:30 o'clock this morning.
The names of the dead women are: Mrs.
Maggie Majors, Santa Monica; Mrs.
Angie Larue, Piano, and Mrs. Jessie
Ross, Porterville. The latter was the
mother of Mrs. Majors. Mrs. Majors
was instantly killed and her crushed
body was found over one hundred feet
from the wrecked caboose. Mrs. Larue
lived an hour and Mrs. Ross three
hours. • The bodies of both were badly
crushed.
The three women and Trackwalker
Bockstrandt were the only persons on
the caboose when it was struck. Brock
strandt was on the front platform and
was knocked several feet. He sustained
a broken leg and a .serious .cut on the
I face and head and a large splinter was
driven through his right arm. He is in
a serious condition and has been sent
!to the Oakland hospital. After the en
! gine had demolished the caboose and
; two boxcars of the Porterville train It
turned over on its right side. The im
pact of the collision threw the coal for
ward in the cab, covering , Engineer
Wright so that he could not extricate
; himself and there he was held and
! scalded by steam which escaped from
| where the whistle had been broken off.
i Fireman Keller, strange to relate, es
caped with only a few bruises. He can
not tell how it happened. He only
1 knows that he found himself on, £ the
i ground ; beside .tho overturned 'engine. "
Before he died, notwithstanding his
great agony, brave Engineer Wright
stated that he did all he could. When
he saw he must strike the caboose he
i turned on the full force of air and re
versed the engine, which literally lifted
the tram from the track; making such
a commotion that people half a- mile
away thought it was an earthquake.
He did not see the caboose until he
was within two hundred feet of it. Its
rear lights were dark.
When the air was turned on the pas
sengers were pitched pellmell from
their seats, many of them being more
or less bruised and cut. One lady's
arm was broken. The baggage car
, withstood the shock, but the coach next
to it, being old and having spliced sills,
could not resist the force of the col
j lision and about twelve feet of the for
ward end crumpled up against the rear
of the baggage car. Here several wo
men were found securely fastened in
the wreck, fortunately uninjured, save
for a few slight scratches.
The two boxcars and caboose of the
Porterville train were smashed to kind
ling wood and the engine thrown from
the track. The Porterville train was
in the act of coupling on to the caboose
when the passenger struck it. Brake-
I man Lowe, who had the pin, saw what
was coming and quickly got out of tho
way.
Those who reached the scene of the
collision soon after it happened were
dumfounded at the horrible sight that
met their gaze, but soon fell to work
to help the injured and dying. In a
little while the dead and dying were
borne to the depot, about two hundred
yards away and placed on improvised
cots and when the special train bearing
HILLARY S. STARR
HAS BEEN FOUND
Missing Man Located in
the Philippines.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 14.-The Times
to-morrow will say: Hillary S. Starr, who
80 suddenly and mysteriously disappeared
from his home on the Otik Knoll ranch,
Pasadena, on the night of April 24 and
under such circumstances as to leave
little doubt in the minds of his family and \
friends and the authorities that he had
met with foul play, is alive, but in a pre
carious condition In a military hosptal in
Manila. Philippine Islands.
He writes under date of Manila, P. 1.,
July 30, to his late employer. S. R. Sniith !
of Riverside and to his wife, the letter •
conveying the intelligence that he is aj
physical wreck; recites that he is just re- :
covering from brain fever and a frac- )
tdred skull and asserts absolute ignorance j
of the manner in which he left home, how i
he pame to be enlisted in the Third Artil- \
lery under an assumed name, or how he
received his injuries.
Starr left his ranch house on the even
ing of April 24 to go to the pump house
several hundred feet from his residence, j
From that day he has not been seen by
his family or friends. Marks of a scuffle !
were plainly visible, and the theory of j
murder was borne out by all the circum- j
stances.
The letters received from Manila have
Cleared up a mystery which completely j
baffled the detectives of Los Angeles j
county. '
PRICE FIFE CENTS.
surgeons arrived from Bakersfleld they
were at once given attention.
Coroner Buckreus and Deputy Dis
trict Attorney Dorsey were also taken
to the scene on a special train and took
observations. A jury was impaneled
and the dead bodies viewed. Both the
train crews and other witnesses to the
affair were summoned to appear here
at 10 o'clock Sunday and give testi
mony at the Investigation.
After this the bodies of the three
women were taken to Porterville on a
special train and the body of Engineer
Wright was taken to Fresno. Mrs.
Wright arrived on a special train four
hours before her husband died. The
meeting was touching.
Some time after the wreck occurred
the train dispatchers at Kern denied
repeatedly that any one was hurt. The
reason they now offer is that no one
was present to take the responsibility
of giving out such information. They
were willing to tell of the wreck, but
were afraid to tell that any one was
hurt. They claim it is against the rules
to talk, notwithstanding the fact that
the public was interested.
The names of the Porterville train
crew are: Conductor, W. A. Kessler;
engineer, Klwood; fireman, A. S. Be
ford; brakemen, Walter Lowe, C. H.
Buck and Frank Thurman. These are
the men on whom the blame of the
wreck will fall.
From information elicited since the
collision it is learned that No. 8, the
passenger train, had been given orders
here to wait until 10 o'rlock at Famosa
for a south-boynd freight. It was seen
before No. 8 was ready to go out that
the freight could not make Famosa by
that time and the order was annulled
to the freight and to the passenger
train. The operator at Famosa told the
trainmen of the Porterville train of the
order which would have protected them
until 10 o'clock but for the annulment,
of which they did not learn. The freight
stopped at Hunt, the next station north,
and the passenger, which left Bakers
field fifteen minutes late, was only
eleven minutes late at Famosa, and it
was the remaining four minutes upon
which the Porterville train crew count
ed to enable them to get off the main
line. The blame all rests with the crew
of the Porterv .le train, who well knew
they took desperate chances while oc
cupying the main line on the passenger
train's time.
It is further stated that the Porter
ville train has in the past been known
to carelessly loiter on the main line too
close on the time of through trains. All
who have visited the scene of the wreck
declare that somebody Is criminally
responsible for its occurrence and -the
cruel loss of life.
The blame for the terrible accident at
Famosa is attributed by the Southern
Pacific officials to the crew of the
freight train. They say that they can
see no reason for the accident except in
the gross carelessness of those having
charge of the freight train and in their
utter disregard of every rule of rail
roading in switching on the main track
without taking the proper precautions
to protect their train from even the
slightest possibility of a collision. Their
conduct appears to be all the more
reprehensible from the fact that the
passenger train was nine minutes be
hind time and those directing the
freight could not but have known that
it was expected to arrive at any mo
ment.
Moreover, the Southern Pacific .offi
cials say, that even if the train was on
the main track against orders they can
not understand how the accident could
have occurred, as the country there is
perfectly level and has nothing along
the line of track which should pre
vent an obstruction as large as a
freight train being seen for many miles
in the daytime, and on a clear night it
f'ould easily be perceived in plenty of
time to prevent any such mishap as
the one which has just caused such an
appalling loss of life.
MEMBERS OF PHILIPPINE
COMMISSION RECALLED
! The President Desires to Consult
With Them Concerning the Re
sult of Their Lahors.
WASHINGTON", Sept. 14.— The recall of
Colonel Denby and Professor Worcester
of the Philippine Commission is for the
purpose of bringing the members of the
commission together in this city in No
vember next, in order that they may
frame a report to the President which
may be transmitted to Congress with' hi 3
message.
Their suggestions regarding the char
acter of government to be given the Fili
pinos will guide the President in his re
commendations. It was supposed that
Professor Worcester, who. by reason of
his long acquaintance with leading Fili
pinos, has probably accomplished more
in the direction of keeping other tribes
from joining the Tagalfl than any other
member would continue in the islands for
some months longer. The President how
ever has concluded that he would like
all civilian members of the commission
here and it has been Thought by some
I that he micrht utilize this as an excuse
for recalling Major General Otis. It was
! positively stated to-night, however, that
; instructions for the members of the com
| mission still in Manila to return^ to the
! t'nlted States did not include General
1 Otis and there are no indications that he
I is to be recalled.
FIGHT WITH COWBOYS
WILL SURELY OCCUR
[ PC OG ALES, Ariz., Sept. 14.— Heron, the
! American, who was rescued by cowboys
■ from Mexican officers near Naco, has ar-
I rived here. He says that seventy-five
! cowboys are camped there, determined to
: rescue the two men in the Mexican jal!.
i Colonel Kosterlitky, with a troop of forty
! men, is there on guard. Heron saya that
1 a fight cannot be avoided.2
BODY OF THOMAS
DAUGHERTY FOUND
Disappeared From His
Home Last October.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GILROY, Sept. 14.— The body of Thomas
L. Daugherty, who mysteriously .disap
peared from Gllroy last October, waa
found this morning by James Mossi and
i.. >rge Koeler of this city. Mossi and
Keeler were nut hunting for deer on the
Wallace ranch, about ten miles west of
Giiroy, in the redwoods.
The spot where the body was found is
• on a hillside, densely wooded and covered
with underbrush. The men thought there
were prospects of scaring up a deer on
this hillside, When they came across the
body uf a man lying on his back, with his
coat off and used as a pillow. A large
Colt's revolver was hanging in a iimo
within reach and over the body, pointing
downward. By the head lay a curkeu
whisky bottle. A white felt hat lay near
bl The head was severed from the bodi
es as devoid of flesh. The rest of the
body Beemed Intact, though the men did
not stop to examine it closely. One oi tre
ta seemed torn, as i; bj wild animals.
■ The clothes were of a grayish color and
badly rotted.
The men came to town and in company
wit!-. Constable Jack White and an under
taker left again for the scene to bring
the bod) to town.
There is no doubt that the remains aro
those of Daugherty, for both men were
well acquainted with him and the cloth
ing tallies, exactly with that worn by
Daugherty when he disappeared a year
ago.
L>augherty was a former City Marshal
u:><\ Constable oi Giiroy. lie was more
than t'i years of age. and in a state
oi temporary aberration wandered from
his home. When last seen lie was er< --.:.u
--the. li -id opposite his home, going toward
the hills where his body was found. Al
though a diligent search was made at the
time by. his friends not a trace of the
man could be found.
Kate to-night Mrs. l>aujjherty identified
the pistol and scabbard found with the*
body as those of her husband. It is
thought, however, that he took strych
nine, as half a bottle of the poison was
found in his clothes. There was some
whisky in the bottle by his Bide and a
white sediment in tin- bottom gives fur
ther proof that he died from the poison.
The body was brought to town by ("nn
staMe whlti . In :• rtaker Dobbs and
M sefand Keeler, who found the remains.
An Inquest will be held by Coroner Kell
P'riday at 1 <V clock.
STRANGE UPHEAVAL OF
LAKE CHELAN WATERS
Theory Advanced That a Volcano
Caused the Rushing Forth of a
Great Tidal Wave.
SPOKANE, Wash.. Sept. 14. -Word has
reached here of a recent peculiar occur
rence at Lake Chelan, the largest lake In
Washington, situated about 2"0 miles
west of here, in the heart of a mountain
range. Last Sunday persons living along
the lake shore saw an^upheaval of the
waters near the lake center. Huge
waves, some of them ten feet high,
started from this point and rolled toward
the shore. At one point, where a small
! issenger steamer was moored, the hoat
•was torn loose by the waves and carried
ashore, when the waves receded it was
Carried back, overturned and swamped.
No person was aboard at the time.
The disturbance continued several
hours. A thunder and lightning storm
■was taking place at the time, hut there
Ittle wind blowing. The only theory
given is that the upheaval was of vol
canic origin. In tin- same vicinity at about
une time, a large creek, one of the
feeders of the lake, went dry for three
Indicating that the disturbance ex
tended into the mount-.irs.
Indians living in the \ieinity of the lake
t ,iv that similar occurrences have taken
ii the memory of the tribe. For
reason few of the red men can he
induced to venture out on the lake, even
in the nr.o&t pleasant weather.
ADMIRAL WATSON MAY
SOON BE CALLED BACK
State of His Health Such That He Is
Unfit for Command of Asiatic
Squadron.
WASHINGTON, Sept 14.— Reports of
Admiral Watson's uniitness to command
on account of the' condition of his health
have been current in naval circles for
pome weeks. He will not be detached im
mediately, but it Is understood that when
Secretary Long returns to Washington he
will take action which will result in the
■imcnt of Admiral Watson this fall
and the assignment of Admiral Remey
as his successor.
Surgeon General Van Reypen received
n letter to-day from Medical Director
Persons, fleet surgeon of the Asiatic sta
tion, announcing that on August 10 the
health of Admiral Watson was very
much improved.
PRESIDENT ANDREADE
TAKES PERSONAL CHARGE
At the Head of His Troops He Will
Endeavor to Put Down the Re
bellion in Venezuela.
Special Cable to The ("'all an.l New York Her
sJd. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gordon
Bennett.
CARACAS, Sept. 14.— President Andre
ade left to-day for Valencia to personally
take command of the troops in the field
against the revolutionary leader eipria<v>
Castro. It is his intention to summarily
pacify the island and put down the revo
lution. Important developments are ex
pected within a fortnight.
A representative of a New York syndi
cate has succeeded, in getting ahead of
British capitalists, and his offer of $200,
--000 for the tramways of Bolivar has been
accepted. A trolley system will be in
stalled. ■ .#;',
ORPHANS DEFRAUDED
OF STATE ALLOWANCE
Strange Practices Brought to Light :
by an Investigation in
Yolo County.
WOODLAND. Sept. 14.— refusal of
the Board of Kxamlncrs to allow the Yolo
County claim fur the care of orphans i
without a rig-id examination has brought
to light a charge that in several counties
there has been fraudulent practices in the
collection of these claims.
The State allows $8 25, but it i» claimed
that in many instances the Supervisors
only allow orphans $4 or $5 a month and!
the balance Is clear profit to the county. i
THE BRITISH COMMERCIAL
EXPEDITION IS SAFE
After Having Failed to Explore Siberian Streams, Owing to
the Loss of the Ship by Ice, the Explorers Finally
Reach Norway,
BT. PETERSBURG, Sept. 14.— A dispatch from Hammerfest, the
northernmost town of Norway, announces the arrival there of the British
commercial expedition, which vainly attempted to explore the mouth of
the river Obi and other Siberian streams.
The expedition was turned back by the ice, after losing its ship, the
Arthur, which was crushed by the floes. Fortunately there was no loss
of life.
SUCCESSFUL OPENING OF
PHILADELPHIA'S EXPOSITION
Main Building of the National Export Exhibition at Philadelphia.
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 14.-With
ceremonies unattended by osten
tation the National Export Ex
position was formally opened at
noon to-day. ' Distinguished visit
ors from all sections of the country
were In attendance, including representa
tives of the diplomatic corps, officers of
the army and navy, scientists and busi
ness and professional men. The dedica
tory ceremonies were held in the immense
auditorium, which was crowded. Ad
miral Sampson and the officers of his
squadron, with other distinguished guests,
were • scorted from Mayor Ashbridgre s
office to the exposition grounds bs a
platoon of mounted police and 250 marines
from the North Atlantic squadron. They
occupied seats on the platform of the
auditorium.
In the absence of P. A. B. W idener.
president of the exposition, the first vice
president, VF. W. Foulkrod. delivered the
address Turning the exposition over to the
Governor of Pennsylvania. Director oen
eral W I' "Wilson delivered an address I
on the "Inception, Purpose. Plan and
Scope of the Exposition." "The purpose
CHILD CRIMINAL
STEALS A HORSE
Little Luis Ragio Flees
From Justice.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALINAS, Sept. 14.— Luis Ragio, the 11
--year-old son of P. Ragio of Santa Rita,
the lad who several months ago was ar
rested for attempting to murder three
playmates, !s aguin jn trouble. This time
the "terror of Santa Rita," as he is
I called, is wanted for horse stealing, as
w.'U as for the other crimes. He is no
where to be found. The charge of at
' tempted murder has not been dismissed,
but the trial has been delayed from time
to time, owing to the fact that the Ragio
child bas been out on bail. •
■V few days ago, however, the lad be
came aware that he would soon be
brought into court to tell why
he shot at his three playmates, and
fearing the result of the trial he stole a
horse belonging to Mrs. Espinosa and left
for parts unknown. It i.s expected that
later, developments will show up Regio
In his true light. He is young in years
but old in crime.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
r .WASHINGTON' Sept. 14.— The Com
missioner of the Land Office has affirmed
the decision of the local office in Marys
! ville land district in the case of Harry D. ;
Starr v*. John D. Troy and others, dis
missing Starr's claim. '
A post office was to-day established at
.Koseref sky; Alaska, and R. J. Crtmont,
; formerly of San Francisco, was appointed
postmaster. .
: Californians in Washington— C. A.
Hamphill, wife and daughters, are visit-
Ing the latter^ relatives; Samuel Rosen
berg of San Francisco is at the Raleigh;
Henry Fletcher of Oakland is at the St.
James. ,
The following pensions were granted:
California: Original— William H. Decker,
San Francisco, $6; John C. Mixon St.
' •Helena. $8. Special. September 2— Solo
; mon Cahen. San Francisco. $8. Addi
tional-Henry C. Towners, Soldiers
Home, Santa Monica, $4 to $8. Reissue
-1 William Phair, Yolo, $10.
MAGIC A TOTAL WRECK.
So Badly Damaged It Will Be Impos
sible to Raise Her.
SANTA BARBARA. Sept. 14.— Captain
1,. HL Turner, marine inspector of the
Fireman's Fund Insurance Company,
with a large party of wreckers, arrived
to-day from the scene of the wrecked
' gasoline schooner Magic at Rancho Viego
Hay Santa Rosa Island, and will report
! to their company that it will be impraetic
i able to raise the vessel and almost lmpos
! sible, for her entire keel has been broken,
leaving a great hole in her bottom.
\ She lias a valuable thirty horse-power
I engine on her and she will be sold as she
lies to wreckers. The Magic ran ashore
there under very' suspicious circumstances
some time ago and the bfame was put
on the master of the vessel.
J. A. HODGES DIES IN
THE STOCKTON ASYLUM
\
Gained Notoriety by Throwing a
Bomb at Patti Twelve
Years Ago.
STOCKTON. Sept. 14.— J. A. Hodges,
the man who threw a bomb at Adelina
I'atti. the prim a donna, in the Grand
Opera-house -at San Francisco about
twelve years ago, died at the State Hos
pital for the Insane here day before yes
terday.
He has been an Inmate of the hospital
for ten years. Hodges was of a suicidal
disposition and made numerous attempts
to end his life. He died of natural causes.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, I^RIDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1899.
of this exposition." ho said, "is to show
the foreign consumer what the American
manufacturer can make and how cheaply
and how well he can make it."
Governor Stone mad.- an address wel
coming the visitor*, accepting the expo
sition and turning it over to the Mayor
of Philadelphia. Governor Stone said:
"By the exhibition this country throws
down the gauntlet to the world and chal
lenges any and all countries to produce
articles a? good and as cheap as those
here exhibited.
"W» are now fairly in the race '°r the
world's trade. Our only drawback is
shipping facilities. To-day our exports
are carried in I'oreign shins ami we are
paying U80.000.000 each year to foreign
shipowners. This is a r< flection nil our
Statesmanship. Our ocean freight should
be carried in American ships. If the cir
cumstances do not justify ihe construc
tion of American .ships In American
docks, <'<ngress should by subsidy or
otherwise make it an inducement to cap
ital to embark on this en tor prise."
Mayor Ashbridge accepted the exposi
tion from the Governor. Then Congress
man W. P. Hepburn of lowa, chairman of
the Congressional Committee on Iruer
CDLORADANS
WELL RECEIVED
Given Enthusiastic Wel
come Home.
Pppcia! Piarntch to The Call.
DENVER. Sept. 14.— The Colorado vol
unteers were welcomed? home on their re
turn to the State's capital to-day with a
demonstration that atoned for the lack of
enthusiasm manifested when the regi
ment departed from this city on May 17,
18»S. on its long journey to the Philippines.
Bells, whistles, guns, cannon and horns
began sounding a noisy welcome when the.
soldiers' free train reached the Union
depot at 10 o'clock.
After receiving the greetings of rela
tives the volunteers fell in line and were
escorted by a procession to the Capitol
through streets lined with masses of peo
ple waving rlags and shouting cheers. All
the heroes of the Philippine campaign
were crowned with wreaths of mountain
holly and their pathway was strewn with
flovers by hundreds of girls. Public and
private buildings were handsomely deco
rated. On the Capitol grands were as
sembled thousands of school children,
who sang "America" in chorus. An ad
dress of welcome was delivered by Gov
ernor Thomas, who presented a new flag
to the regiment. Colonel McCoy made
an appropriate reply. Addresses of wel
come on the part of the nation were de
livered by United States Senators Wol
cott and Teller, to which response was
made by Brigdaier General Irving Hale. A
banquet was served for the volunteers
ami during the remainder of the day they
enjoyed the freedom of the town.
NOTARY MOSS ATTACKED
BY VAN WYCK AND CROKER
Acrimonious Personal Colloquy Char
acterizes the Session of the
Mazet Investigation.
NEW YORK, Sept. 14.— Mayor Robert
A. Van Wyck occupied the witness chair
before the Assembly Committee Investi
gating the, various departments of the
municipal government. From the outset
the examination of the Mayor by Counsel
Moss took thu form of an acrimonious
colloquy, in the course of which Mr. Van
Wyck intimated that Mr. Moss was seek
i ing to reach a seat on the Supreme Court
bench by pressing a partisan investiga
tion, and sneered at counsel's attainments
as a lawyer.
Richard Croker followed Mayor Van
i Wyck.
; . "What are you going to do in the way
i of advising these gentlemen of the Board
i of Public Improvement after you have
made your investigation?" asked Mr.
Moss.
"I am not going to tell you. You're not
here for a fair investigation," replied Mr.
Croker. "You're here for one side only,
\ and for one purpose only. I've been look
' ing you -up, as I said I would when I
i was on the stand before. You told me I
might do it, and I have done It. I will
prove you now a man of bad standing
In this city. I will give what I know to
the press here to-day. I have here a de
cision from the Supreme Court."
So paying, Mr. Croker handed a written
! statement to the reporters present.
It was an extract from an opinion of
I the Justices of the general term of the
: Supreme Court in a case in which was
expressed the opinion that certain no
: taries, one of them Mr. Moss, should be
criminally prosecuted.
At the afternoon session the chief wlt
: nesses were Hugh McLaughlin of Brook
lyn and Edward Lauterbach, the latter
i counsel for the Ramapo Company. Bev
i erai communications were read, one of
i which was frnrn Stuyvi sant Fish, presl
i dent of the Illinois Central Railroad, ask
ing that it be placed on record that his
company had no business transactions
With Senator T. C. Platt.
Mr. Lanterbach went into details re
! warding th<> stock of the Ramapo Com
pany, the lisf of which had been sub
mitted yesterday, representing $2,500,000.
PROTEST TO McKINLEY.
Cubans Oppose Free Importation of
Coffee Into the Island.
SANTIAGO, Cuba, Sept. 14.— At meet
infcs of the coffee planters and the Cham
ber of Commerce held to-day and yeß
-terdny it was decided tn cable Senor
Quesada, representative in Washington,
to present a protest to President McKin
ley against the free importation into the
island of cniTee from Porto Rico declar
ing it would kill the Cuban product and
leave thousands penniless.
New Telephone Line.
WOODLAND, Sept. 14.— The private
telephone line between Arbuckle and
Oranmore will be ready for business
about the Ist of October. It now seems
probable that the businehs boom at Cran
more will rr-sult in the construction of a
ferryboat to be operated at that point on
the river.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Tak* Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. AH
drugclst» refund tbe mon«y If It fails to cure.
E. W. Grove's signature Is on each box. 25c.
state, and Foreign Commerce, delivered
the oration of the day. He said in part:
"There are nineteen millions of people
in the I'nited States who labor and who
aid in creating wealth. Fifteen millions
of these possess the entire political powi-r
of the nation. The perpetuity of this
Government is dependent upon keeping
this great army of laborers employed and,
being employed, content.
•'lt can only be secured by securing our
portion of the trade in the markets of
the world, and In efforts to secure it we
must nmet and overcome the fiercest
rivalry of the great nations.
"What modern arms are. what a battle
ship is in martial contests, this Export
Exposition that is opened to-day is to be
to us in -our efforts to secure our rightful
share of foreign commerce."
The benediction was pronounced by
Arcnbithop Ryan of this city, and at its
conclusion a message from President Mc-
Kln'.ey was read extending greetings and
officially opening the exposition. Then v
chorus of COO voices and the audience sang
"The Star-Spangled Banner." accompan
ied by the United States Marine band.
At the conclusion of the exercises the
exposition was thrown open to the public.
DISASTROUS FLOODS IN
GERMANY AND AUSTRIA
Bridge Undermined and Train Falls
Into River — Panic Occurs in
Synagogue.
BERLIN, Sept. 14.— The floods are
causing widespread damage in Southern
Germany and Austria. The northerly part
of Zwickau is inundated. Owing to the
undermining of the railway bridge over
the Isen between Muelldorf and Rohrsdorf
a train fell into the river and five per
sons were killed. All the tributaries of
the Danube are flooded. A bridge over
the Swarza at Pajwrbach collapsed and
ten persons were carried away.
Atlvices from Kaliscb, in Russian Po
land, say that thirty-two persons were
crushed to death in a panic In a syna
gogue there, caused by the upsetting of
a lamp. The victims were all women and
children. Many others were injured.
SALZBURG, Austria, Sept. 14.— Part of
this city and places in the vicinity have
been flooded. Troops have beefl called
out to tender assistance. The water Is
now subsiding slowly.
MUNICH, Sept. 14.— The new Prince Re
gent bridge here collapsed this afternoon
in consequence of a rise of the River Isar,
which is still at flood level. There were
do casualties.
MISS ALLEN WEDS THE
DUKE OF MONTEFELTRO
9T. LOUIS. Sept. 14.— Miss Annie Rus
sell Allen of this city, whose marriage to
the Duke of Montefeltro at Hamburg,
Germany, was announced to-day, is a
daughter of the late Bradford Allen, the
owner of the Southern Hotel, and a grand
daughter of the late Thomas Allen, who
built the Iron Mountain Railroad. She
has a brother in this city, who is an
attorney.
Last Saturday Mips Allen brought suit
through her brother against William R.
Donaldson, in the St. Louis Circuit Court,
for the recovery of $5000, which she al
leges was given in trust to/ Mr. Donald
son by her late father, to be given to her
on her eighteenth birthday. She is now
a year or two past that age.
Ninety Cents
As a rule qualify is generally consistent with price — so naturally enough
you think 93 cents too small a price for a hat. ' ; /
Buth-re is an exception, as the hats are actually $1.50 hats, and not
93-c<nt ones, properly speaking. We merely sell them for 90 cents to get
our hat department talked about. The hats come in " ,
' Derbys— colors— black and brown.
• Fedoras— colors— black-brown, pearl and tan.
Violets— colors— same as Fedoras.
/^^^^^^^^^^^^^ Here is P'£t ure ° r 'he boys' golf cap for
"^^■^dSiiilir^*"** B****8 **** that We are selling along with those
sailors for the same price.
(fib s,n woo d 6 co (HI)
\gjgj/ 713 MARKET 5T X^togy^
' Out-01-town orders filled— write us.
MINE AWARDED
TO JOSEPH KAHNY
Decision on a Puzzling
Land Law.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING. Sept 14.— Word has just
been received by Attorney F. W. Smith
that the Secretary of the Interior has de
cided that the three mining claims situ
ated between Taylor postoffice and the
town of Keswick belong to Joseph Kahny
of this city.
The decision settles an important point
in mining law and quiets title on property
over which murder has been committed
since the suit began. About a year ago
Joseph Kahny applied' to the United
United States Land Office for a patent on
two quartz and one placer claim. nv niie
the application was going through the
usual channel incident to its granting tne
claims were' jumped by John Pendleton
and J." H. O'Hair of Keswick. They con
tended that Kahny] had t. 0 «f» te « llt °'?
rights by applying for a single .patent
covering botn quartz and P> ace r c '* lm f •
and that such patent could not issue.
Kajinymade a tight for possession. At
torney F. W. Smith pressed the case. Fin
ally United States Land Commissioner
Best handed down ski adverse decision.
Kahny then appealed to the Secretary
of the Interior. In the meanwhile John
O'Hair had disposed of his interest and
John Pendleton and two others were
working the property as j placer claims*
Four weeks ago Jake Handle of Keswick,
as agent of several parties interested wltn
him, staked off a quartz claim covering a
portion of the Pendleton land. Four weeks
ago a rich ledge of gold was uncovered.
Then the trouble arose between the two
claimants and on September 5 Pendleton
shot Handle dead from his cabin window.
Pendleton is now held on a murder
charge. '.;"-- , . '„•
*" Since the killing of her husband Mrs.
Handle has claimed the property and sev
eral days ago leased the claims to 1!
--liam Sinsabaugh and Robert Saunders.
The decision of the Secretary of the In
terior now vests the title in Kahny ana
he. will fight the lessees for possession.
The property is declared to be very rich.
PRAISE FOR SECRETARY
OF WAR ELIHU ROOT
Governor Steunenberg of Idaho Ex-
presses His Satisfaction at the
Reception of Volunteers.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 14.-The War De
partment has given out the following:
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., Sept. 5, 1899.—
Hon. Elihu Root, Secretary of War,
Washington— Dear Sir: In company with
Senator George L. Shoup. the Adjutant
General of Idaho, and other citizens of
my State, I arrived in San Francisco the
last week in August for the purpose of
welcoming the Idaho volunteers return
ing from the Philippine Islands.
In my capacity as an official of the
State of Idaho, it gives me much pleas
ure to inform you that the arrangements
made by the War Department officials of
the Department of California for the re
ception, care and maintenance" of these
troops, their' accommodations in camp
and the courtesies extended to our people
have been ample and gratifying.
Knowing the groat interest that the
War Department has taken in all matters
pertaining to the volunteer army, I have
much pleasure in adding my testimony to
that of other Governors of the various
States whose troops have been received
here and are now being mustered out.
Your obedient servant.
FRANK STEUNENBERG,
Governor of Idaho.
INDIANS ENLISTED TO
FIGHT THE FILIPINOS
Chippewas, Nez Perces and Others in
a Company Commanded by
Captain Tillman.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 14.— James H.
Tillman, a son of ex-Representative fill
man of South Carolina, who served as
colonel of the Second South Carolina Vol
unteers in the Spanish war, has been
promised by the President a captaincy in
one of the mw volunteer regiments.
Colonel Tillman came to Washington hop
ing to raise an independent company of
scouts. The President did not approve of
forming any independent commands at
this time, but said there was no objection
\o enlisting a certain proportion of In
dians in a company which he authorized
Captain Tillman to organize.
Lieutenant A. A. Girard, formerly of the
Rough Riders, has been named as First
Lieutenant of Captain Tillman's company
One platoon of the company will be com
posed of educated Indians — leading men
of the Chippewas. Nez Perces and other
iribes.
Poisoned by Alcohol.
VALLEJO, Sept. 14.— Two marines,
Michael Owens and Richard Conroy of
the United States ship Philadelphia, ob
taining some wood alcohol aboard ship,
proceeded to imbibe freely. As a result
Owens died yesterday morning and Con
roy last night. Conroy has a brother in
bbslnesa in San Francisco.
Good Grain Crop.
WOODLAND. Sept. 14.— A Oransmore
dispatch to the Democrat says: "The
transportation companies on the river are
finding it a difficult matter to move the
immense crop of grain. Boats can carry
only half a load on account of the low
stage of water. The latest acquisition to
the grain fleet is a Stockton harge with a
capacity of 8000 sacks."
f\l Conditions
|\I Conditions
?I ' \ Women's nerves
'A 1 v\ are very delicate and
Kjj -. I M are readily lnflu-
I ; I %\ enced by certain con-
's < j ~-\ ditions. Nervousness
'\ I is a real affliction:
-: it is a grievous af-
( ? I i fliction.
'// I i In women, nerv-
-3 . y. I r; ousness is usually
} -^ I If associated with those
|! JZ> / // diseases peculiar to
3 _--g^ / 3/ their sex. It may be
v. m. «■■"■ /■ vyj due to stomach dis-
r v v^? / order, however, or It ,
may be due to hered-
■" : :< ity. ■
HUDTAN will strengthen weak nerves, it
matters not the cause of the evil. HUDYAN
cures uterine troubles, chronic inflammations
and ulcerations. HUDYAN cures stomach dis-
order. HUDYAN goes to the bottom of the
evil; It removes the cause of the nervous con-
dition. Women who suffer with headache (Fig.
1), sunken eyes and dark circles under eyes
(Fig. 2). pale, thin face (Fig. 3), palpitation of
heart (Fig. 4), weakness of limbs (Fig. 5). diz-
ziness, loss of appetite, pain In back, should
take HUDYAN. It cures.
HUDYAN quiets the nerves; it strengthens
them. HUDYAN produces clear and rosy com-
plexions. HUDYAN gives to all weak and
nervous women health, strength and activity.
HUDYAN not only relieves; it cures perma-
nently.. •
HUDYAN is for sale by druggists— soc a
package or six packages for $2 50.
If your druggist does not keep HUDTAN,
Bend direct to the
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
Corner Stockton, Ellis and Market Sts.,
san francisco, cal.
Consult the hudyan doctors about
your case, free of CHARGE. call
OR WRITE.
INVESTMENT OIL CO.,
Adjoining the famous section 20. Coallnga Dis-
trict. «*?><»•■• big wells now producing about 4000
I bbls. dally; limited amount stock will be start-
| ed; $3 share for developing . purposes; parties
I buying now will reap all advances;. For pros-
pectus write or phone JOE D. BIDDLE. Gen-
i eral Agent, 26 Montgomery St.. Burk's ticket
office, phone Black 3394: also A. HALET, sec-
retary, office San Francisco Savings Union,
fifth floor, phone Main "87.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OP THE-
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
■ ■ OF THE
WESTERN
/ ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF TORONTO, IN THE DOMINION OF
Canada, on the 31st day of December, A.
! D 1898, and for the year ending cm that day.
i as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
' Slate of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610 and 611 of; the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the. Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash •
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company „.„.„.
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages...... 120.000 w
Cash Market Value of all Stocks _
and Bonds owned by Company i,Zbs.i«i 10
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral
Cash In Company's Office . «• «
Cash in Banks •• 151.29» 66
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans •••• •••
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages CourVe of ' Collection 202.» M 03
Piemiums in due Course of Collection Wi.MS 03
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 47,309 72
Rents due and accrued
Due from other companies for re-
Insurance on' losses already paid..
Total Assets ■■U.G84.870.89
LIABILITIES.
! Losses adjusted and unpaid $82.697 64
Losses in process of Adjustment or
iisae^resUwdVinc^udlng'Mpenses... 14.048 16
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less $903.630 uO.
reinsurance BO per cent. •••••••••■••• «6.815 00
Grose premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than on year. *t>38.052 S3
relnturance pro rata... ■••••,-• »«•«»"
Gross premiums on - M^ine and In-
land Navigation Risks. $50,877 .il.
reinsurance 100 per cent. . „ . .. . 60,877 11
Gross premium* on Marine lime
Risks. H7.2M11; reinsurance o0 per gMg w
CoSmlision- Vnd' Brokerage' due and '
to become due 30.954 23
Total Liabilities L j1_,074.511 70
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums .$1.380, 636 51
Net Ca«h actually received for Ma-
rine premiums 280.570 08
Received tor Interest on Bonds and
Montgages 2, US 23
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and trom
all other sources 46,506 68
Received for Rents
Total Income ..$1.709.829 68
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $ losses of pre-
vious years) $888,147 55
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
Including $ losses of pre-
vious years 246,598 61
Dividends to Stockholflers
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 308,257 56
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 51,858 00
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 45.461 24
All other payments and expenditures 146,582 S6
Total Expenditures ..$1,689.905 82
Losses* incurred oaring the year, f1re... 5847,3767?
Losses Incurred during the year, ma-
rine 269,305 14
Risks and Premiums. Risks. | Premiums,
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $162,181,141 $1,72»,589 25
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 140,744,979 1,787,669 50
Net amount In force
December 81. 1898... 160,065,449 1,591.712 83
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $86,874,054 $306,57123
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year .' 86,913.977 317,624 06
Net amount in force
December 31, 1898 4,128.465 68,173 42
J. J. KENNY, Vice President."
C. C. FOSTER, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 14th
day of January, 1899.
W. B. RAYMOND. Notary Public
DAVIS & WATSON,
GENERAL AGENTS,
322 PINE STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAI*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
British = America
ASSURANCE COMPANY
3F TORONTO. CANADA. ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. IS9B. and for th»
year ending on that day, as made to tHe In-
surance Commissioner of the. State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed aa
per blank furnished by the Commissioner: .
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company i.
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages JlO.ouu uu
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company.... 998,073 7*
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral
Cash in Company's office  1M „
Cash in Banks -• 42.188 60
Interest due and accrued on all ■
Stocks and Loans 9,712 ol
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages - ••••••
Premiums in due course of Collec-
tlon • 200,058 77
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken •
for Fire and Marine Risks / 6.368 48
Total Assets ..$1,271.431 U
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $60,602 05
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense .: i ; 57,559 69
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 9,880 0U
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $635,753 34; re-
insurance 50 per cent 317, 67
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $4«.35S 66;
reinsurance pro rata 228,09*71
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks. $30,459 07:
reinsurance 100 per cent 50, 459 07
Gross premiums on Marine . Tima
. Risks. $5,765 77; reinsurance 50 per
cent 2.83Z S3
All other demands against the Com-
pany 0 •• M.764 04
Total Liabilities ■ $768.451 is
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums •■•;-;,■•■ $858,633 71
Net Cash actually received for Ma-
rlne premiums ■■■■■■ •• 161.655 ° 7
Received for interest on Bonds and
Recelvfd^for" 'inteVesi" " on ' Bonds.
Stocks, Loans and from all other
gourcea • •• * 2 - m °*
Total Income $1.061. 085 3?
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $ •• losses of pre-
vious years) •• $549,078 67
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(deluding $ losses of pre-
vious years) 117.717 90
Dividend* to Stockholders
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 193,898 23
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for ofncer3, clerks, etc 49,032 43
Paid for State. National and local ■-
taxes 81,896 67
All other payments and expend!-
- tures 76,007 90
Total Expenditures ..$1.017.625 93
Losses Incurred during the year $676. 875 56
Risks and Premiums. IFire Husks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year '$108,120,761 $1,128,985 «9
Net amount of Risks """»•■
expired during the
year 94.627.756 1.187,918 70
Net amount in force
December SI. 1808 106.710.300 L 061 .141 89
Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $23,268,603 $208.177 71
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year V. 23.503,502 213,835 21
Net amount In force
December 31. 1898 1.876.154 36.224 84
- J. J. KENNY. Vice President.
P. H. SIMS, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me tills 24th
day of January, 1899. H. D. GAMBLE,
Notary Public.
DAVIS & WATSON,
GENERAL AGENTS,
322 PINE STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAI*.
STATEMENT
_ — OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE
STANDARD MARINE
INSURANCE COMPANY, LIMITED,
OF LIVERPOOL. ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December. A. D. 1898, and for the.
year ending on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the Provisions of Sections 610
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash • ■■ $500.000 00
ASSETS. ™~ ~
Cash Mark* Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $1,241,085 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge i
of Bonds. Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 4.000 00
Cash in Banks.... . 1*4,724 00
'nterest due and accrued on all
"Stocks and Loans. .... 14.105 00
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion ; ■■■.'■ 135,333 00
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 7,816 00
Stamvs on hand 1.032 00
.Total Assets ...$1.541.101 'V)
LIABILITIES.
Lcssea In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense ••••.. ••»••• 209 150 °°
Gross premiums on Marina ana In-
land Navigation Risks.. $ ;
reinsurance 100 per cent............. 144,575 00
All other demands against the Com-
pany 27,062 00
• Total Liabilities $880.777 00
INCOME.
Net Cosh actually received for Ma- „
rine premiums V.'.".,'"; 1 $518.185 00
H-reived for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from •.
, all other sources 87.551 (V)
Total Income  $555.736 00
EXPENDITURES. '
Net amount paid for Marine Loeses. $418,726 00
Dividends to 5t0ckh01der5........ ... 00.0QO 00
Paid' for Salaries, Fees and other . \
Charges for officers, Clerk, etc.... 40,848 30
Paid for State, National and local
taxes i.. ........ 6,995 10
Ail other payments and expendi-
tures »27 M
Total Expenditures , $516.795 '<•■>
Marine.
Loosen Incurred during the year $462,351 ■'
Risk." and Premiums. Mar. Risks J Premiums.
Net amount of Rinks \
written during the . ■
year $7T.583.*45 $4*3,102 00
Net amount of Risks
expired during ' the
year .,...»••... 80.85«.195 472.92J 00
Net amount In force
December 31, 1895.... 8.163.615 144.575 00
, . J. WILLIAMSON, President.
JOHN GICK, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2il
day of February, 1899. W. J. BULIB.
U. S. Vice Consul.
J. D. SPRECKELS BROS. CO.,
GENERAL AGENTS,
J. B. F. DAVIS & SON, MANAGERS,
•215 SANSOME ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
TELEPHONE mAIN 3968.BOYCOTT ON
PARIS SHOW
WEAKENING
Uncle Sam Prepares for the
Exposition and Other
Nations Follow.
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
■♦: ♦
■♦- PARIS. Sept. 15.— The Matin ♦
T this morning asserts that the ♦
♦ Cabinet has agreed to pardon +
"♦■ Dreyfus and that the decree will •♦•
•♦• be signed September 19. Many -f
•♦■ of the provincial papers publish ♦
•♦■ articles insisting on the granting ♦
•4- of a pardon. ■♦•
■*• The Figaro says that many -t
-♦■ officers of the army are asking •♦■
•♦■ that Dreyfus be pardoned. ■♦•
«♦- •♦•
•f-f^-f-f-f-f-f-f-f-f-f-f-f-f-f-f
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WEL
LINGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON.
14. — That the purpose of the Gov-
Ifl not to withdraw from the
Paris Exposition is shown by the fact
that the navy and other departments
r.re boxing their exhibits preparatory
to their shipment to France. The Navy
-tment has in its corrld
of types of ships of the service. They
fire now being removed to the navy
yards, where the construction depart
■ is preparing them for their voy
across the Atlantic. Besides the
Navy Department, all other depart
ments will take part in the exposition.
It is the determination of the adminis
n to make a good governmental
display a* -.. and it is be-
I that the action of the President
will do much to allay the agitation over
Dreyfus this country.
NEW YORK —There will be
iass-meeting In this city to protest
nst the c tion of Dreyfus.
rta were made to-day to arrange
a gathering, but the men who were
take a leading; part declined to
oil □ that the
movei s a mistake.
... Sept. 14— The resolution
i in the Berlin Municipal
ty should not send
t to the Paris Exoosi
bas been abandoned. This is Droof
movement is losine
d. The Tageblatt in an article on
a of < formally in boy
tl in says: "It would
2 advisable for the German ex
- to alone withdraw. ■ By do
>y would only be playing into
: Ls of foreign competitors. We
■ • lleve that the proposal to boy
will gain the upper
In < ;-rmany."
N S AYRES. Pert. 14.— A1l the
rh the exception of one or
lyrical ones condemn the sentence
. fus. Indignation prevails
ithout the country. Students Dre
l a demonstration, but were
; -:-d by the police. Numerous tele
is of sympathy have been sent to
:us and Labori. A ptoud of
I as folio?
•ft r twenty cen
world hails you as the new
Sept. 14.— The Temps this
noon says: '"The idea of summon
- -he Chambers might be admitted
ncident had arisen showing: th*
: -nuation or the weakness
•r.rnent. If the situation
- not exist, such a call would be the
lent since the close of the
trial. Let the Deputies, then, enjoy
their vacation as long as the Govern
■ fulfills its mission and conforms
• clearly defined mandate it solic
ir.d accepted months ago."
NDON, Sept. 14.— The Jewish
was celebrated here to
- ecially in the East End. with
fus demonstrations. A procession
r inscribed "Dreyfus, the
Civiftxed Wurld De
-3 His [nstant Release." marched
-pitalfield. Chief Rabbi Ad
_- in the great synagogue.
f Dreyfus was sentenced
• us for France than
and more humiliating than
——^— — — — —
MRS. MANUEL FATALLY
BURNED AT FRESNO
She Attempted to Blcrw Out a Lamp,
When It Exploded, Setting
Fire to Her Clothing.
FRESNO. Sept. 14.— Mrs. George Man
uel, the wife of a civil engineer, died at
a:: early hour this morning' from burns.
She conducted a lodging-house at 2227
Merced street and on retiring- last night
attempted to blow out a coaloil lamp. The
lamp exploded setting fire to her clothing.
She was very badly burned. The fire
itself was insignificant and was speedily
extinguished
LOSES ON A FOUL
Bobby Dobbs Disqualified in His
Fight With Matthews.
NEW YORK,, Sept. 14.— Bobby Dobbs
: ir.neapolis, who recently returned
ur of England and Scotland,
ring battles, met
■ New York at the
-night and
I In the final round of a
d bout for fouling.
had cautioned
i three times previously, but had
■ .1 in the last round
would probably have gotten
the decision, as he outpointed hia oppo
to one all th*» way. Dobbs
the stronger man for the
r part of the journey, but Matthewa
f far the better boxer.
CARMARTHENSHIRE IN PORT.
W&b Detained Two Days in Quaran
tine at Honolulu.
Sept. 14.— The California
: riental line steamer Carmarthan
urived this morning, eleven days
frofn Honolulu, where she was detained
:•: quarantine.
She left Honolulu with a clean bill of
irrived l*er« with ail well on
-n route under
via El Paso, were landed
at tn ••ne station, where they
eir clothes fumigated
a« precautionary measures, when they
were returnr-<l to the ship.
Pathfinder at San Diego.
SAN DIEGO, Sept. 14.— The Unlfd
States crast steamer Pathfinder, Captain
Perkins, arrived off the harbor this even
ing and anchor^, for the night. The ves
sel left W •-. ■ _ . :ne time aero
-an Francisco, her last stopping place
having be^n Callao. Shp touches here in
am surgical ai<! for James Sil
veiter of St. Louis, a cadet, who is suf
fering fr^m appendicitis. Captain Per
kins came ashore and telegraphed a re
<i'iest to Dr. McN'utt of San Francisco to
< jme here to attend young Silvester,
whose case Is critical. He will be brought
re in the morning, and the Path
finder will proceed to San Francisco.
Declines the Nomination,
BOSTON, Sept. 14.— Secretary John
Willis Baer of the Society of Christian
Endeavor addressed a letter to-day to
F. W. Clark of Boston, Secretary of"yes
j 's Prohibition State Convention, in
"Worcester, declining its nomination for
Governor. Becretary Baer give* no rea
eon tor his declination.
. ■ ,j
MILITARY AND CIVIL
OFFICIALS AT THE FAIR
Day of Sightseeing and Handshaking Termi
nates With a Banquet in the Assembly
Chamber of the Capitol Building,
Scenes and Incidents at the State Fair.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. , Such a
scene as was witnessed, in this city
to-night has never been equaled in
the history of the great State of
California, for the extraordinary
enthusiasm that prevails in connection
with the State Fair is the attending cir
cumstances of Governor's day and Sacra
mento day combined.
The Governor of California was not only
the guest of the directors of the State
Agricultural Society, but he was the
guest also of the citizens of this city rep
resented in their citizens' State Fair Club,
to whom is due nearly all the credit for
the genuine success of the forty-sixth an
nual State Fair. To make the occasion
a momentous «ne high United States mil
itary and naval officers were invited.
They came in large numbers and were
graciously received by the people of the
community and In a manner such as
others have seldom been received before.
As a result of the efforts put forth by
those connected directly and indirectly
with the management of the fair to make
it the success it surely is the pavilion
was packed to-night with humanity.
Old people who have resided in this city
from early childhood say that they have
never before seen such a large number
of people in the pavilion at any one time.
* The information that Major General
Shatter of the United States.army and
Rear Admiral Kautz of the United States
navy and their attending officers and
prominent National Guard officers would
attend the fair had much to do with the
general outpouring of the populace. Their
desire to see an officer of high rank or
either the army or the navy who gained
renown in the cause of his country was
gratified to their entire satisfaction.
General Shatter and Admiral Kautz
and other prominent United States army
and navy officers, and Major General
Dickinson and other prominent National
Guard officers arrived on this morning's
train from San Francsico. With them
came also Governor Lee of South Da
kota, Adjutant General Lambert, repre
senting Governor Lind of Minnesota; offi
cers of the Minnesota regiment. Chaplain
Leary of the staff of the Governor of
Minnesota, Colonel Duboce and other offi
cers of the Frst California Volunteers.
The distingufshed visitors were met at
the depot by members of the Citizens'
State Fair Committee and Troop B (cav
alry), of this city, who escorted them to
the Capitol, where»they paid their re
spects to the Governor. At the conclusion
of the reception in the Governor's office
they proceeded to the Golden Eagle Ho
tel for luncheon. .
In the afternoon they went to Agricul
tural Park, accompanied by the Governor,
where the entire party was received by
the directors of the State Agricultural
Society, whose especial guests they were
while at the park.
From 6 o'clock until 9 this evening there
COMPANY I BANQUETED.
Volunteers Entertained by the Old
San Francisco Fusileers.
The ex-members of Company I. Nation
al Guard of California, and the members
of the San Francisco Fusileers' Benefit
Fund gave a banquet last evening: at Cal
ifornia Hall. 620 Bush street, in honor of
the return from the Philippines of Com- j
pany I, First California Volunteers. Ta
bles were set for 150. The affair •was in i
the nature of a reunion of the old San j
Francisco Fusileers, formed in 1871. While j
the organization has been rearranged and i
rechrlstened four or five times, its mem- i
bers have always staid together. When j
the war with Spain broke out those of
Company I who were not bound by ties |
that prevented them from going to the ;
front at once offered their services to
Uncle Bam. and were mustered in as Com- j
pany I. First California Volunteers. It ;
was In honor of the return of these men
and as an expression of appreciation for •
i the valor and bravery they displayed on ;
j the battlefield that last evening's banquet ,
! was given.
The spread, a most elaborate one. was
arranged by Huber brothers, both of
whom are members of the company. The •
banquet hall was decorated with the na- <
' tional colors and there was a profusion
Of evergreens and flowers. The tables
were arranged In the shape of a hollow
square in the center of which accommo
dations were provided for the officers of
the volunteers and the old Fusileers.
Louis Haake acted as toastmaster. The
programme follows: Address of welcome. ;
Lieutenant J. B. Barber of the Fusileers; <
"Star-Spangled Banner," orchestra; tout
"Our Veterans from the Philippines.
Lieutenant Colonel C. Boxton of the First
California; toast. "National Guard of Cal-
Ifornia," Lieutenant Colonel A. Huber, di- j
vision staff. S. G. C. ; selection, "March-
Ing Through Georgia," orchestra; toast,
"Company I. First California United
States Volunteers." Captain Otto Huber; !
I selection, "Rally Round the Flag." or- I
chestra- toast, "San Francisco Fusileers." j
Captain L- Siebe; selection, "America,"
orchestra; toast, "The Ladies." J. D.
Ralpi; selection, "Just One Girl," ©rcaes-i
THE PAIS" FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 15 % 1899.
! assembled in the Assembly chamber in
I the Capitol one of the most brilliant sath
i erings ever witnessed in the far West.
I The occasion was a banquet to the Gov
i ernor and staff. Governor Lee of South
; Dakota, General Shafter, Admiral Kautz
j and the officers of the army and navy and
'< the National Guard of California. The
I banquet was given by the Citizens' State
i Fair Club. State officials and officers of
j the National Guard in this city, and there
were seated at the banquet tables be
tween 2vO and 300 persons. General Shafter
and Admiral Kautz and nearly ail the
army and navy officers were in full dress
uniform.
A telegram was read from ex-Governor
Budd expressing his regrets that he was
unable to attend, owing to indisposition.
and extending his congratulations to the
| Governor for his success and best wishes
for future prosperity.
Attorney General Tirey I* Ford was
toastmaster of the occasion. He intro
duced the Governor, who responded to the
toast "Our Governor," and was received
with cheers.
The Governor referred In eulogistic
terms to the career of General Shafts,
Admiral Kautz, the California troops
and the troops of other States in the
Philippines. He. spoke glowingly of the
State Fair, and thanked his hosts for the
i toa&ts assigned to him.
The reception of General Shafter was
i much more enthusiastic than that ten
i dered the Governor. The history of the
army, he said, is unequaled and unparal
'< leled since the independence of the coun
' try was established. He referred in high
terms to the loyalty of the regular and
volunteer troops. "The armies of the
country have been successful in four
j wars," said the general, "In which the
i regulars and volunteers were moved to
| love one another. There Is no party in
■ existence that can Induce them to become
disloyal in any degree."
Admiral Kautz was received with a
demonstration equal to that in honor of
Shafter. The admiral's remarks were of
'■ a humorous nature and intensely inter
esting.
The banqueters cheered to the echo
when Governor Lee of South Dakota was
introduced by Attorney General Ford.
He said he had reason to be proud of
California, San Francisco and the State
Red Cross Society for the many acts of
kindness to the South Dakota troops.
Adjutant General Lambert represented
Governor Lind of Minnesota, who. the
General said, was unavoidably absent.
On behalf of Governor Lind he thanked
the people of California for the kind at
i tention they bestowed upon the troops
of the North Star State while they were
In California.
The next speaker was Father Leary,
chaplain attached to the staff of Gov
ernor Lind. He was a very inter
tra; toast, "Our Departed Comrades," C.
Thierbach; selection, "Auld Lang Syne,"
orchestra.
The committee in charge of th» arrar.ge
m-nts consisted of John D. Slebe, J. D.
Ralpf, Colonel A. Huber, L. Haake. J.
Siebe, C. Thierbach. C. Paul. L. Thier
bach, C. Corcoran and H. Day.
FIRE ALARM SYSTEM.
Superintendent Hewitt Recommends
Its Extension and Improvement.
Superintendent Hewitt of the Fire '
Alarm and Police Telegraph filed his an
nual report with the Board of Supervisors
ypst^rday. and he recommended that pro
vision should be made in the next tax levy
for 300 new fire boxes, the placing of
municipal wires underground, a direct tel
ephone system connecting all department
stations with the central office and new
quarters for the office of the department.
He states that the circuits are danger
ously overloaded and of extreme length,
and more room is needed.
The superintendent reports that he has
ordered an emergency circuit placed in all
hotels, theaters and other public build-
Ings, so arranged that the building may
be left in darkness excepting single lights
over exits and in passageways. They will
be controlled by a switch near the main
entrance and accessible to firemen and
the police. He calls attention to the fact
that this is the only large city in the
United Statps that has no order regu
lating the installation of electric wires
according to the rules of the National
Board of Underwriters. He recommends
the passage of an ordinance empowering
the department to issue certificates under
those rules certifying to the efficiency of
the work done.
During the fiscal year ending June 30
last the department received S2B alarms
and 87.427 police calls. The equipment con
sists of 267 gongs and tappers, 531 miles
of wire. 22?2 cells of battery, 278 fire box
es. 200 police boxes, 43 engine house ser
▼toes and 5 central police systems. The '
service has been extended to Ocean View,
and, with other extensions, required 257
poles and 70 miles of wire.
Ha estimates that the wiring; of all en
esting talker, and said that when the
troops of his State return the splendid
hospitality shown them by California wlil
be referred to in thousands of Minnesota
homes.
When Colonel EHiboce of the First Cali
fornia was introduced the banqueters al
most went wild with enthusiasm. His
remarks were brief and were chiefly con
fined to the loyalty of rhe members of
th° National Guard of California, of whom
the volunteer regiments from California
were mostlty made up of.
Director Grove L. Johnson made a short
address in place of A. B. Spreckels. presi
dent of the State Agricultural Society,
who was suddenly called away from the
capital. Mr. Johnson, on behalf of the
society, invited all present to visit the
pavilion.
R. B. Carpenter responded to the toast
"Our Country." Every one knows what
the country is. he said. The people are
prosperous and happy, which Indicates the
state of existing conditions, although the
soldiers of the country are in active serv
ice against another people. He decried
the efforts of alleged traitors in the
United States to belittle the efforts of
the constituted authorities to carry out
the policy they have planned for the Phil
ippines. What a difference there Is be
tween the United States and France, he
said. In France they are trying an inno
cent man accused of being a traitor, while
in this country they permit a traitor to
go unpunished.
While the committee had done every
thing in its power to make the banquet
a success, it was marred by two unfore
seen occurrences. The first was that
Tirey L. Ford was not in fit condition to
preside and the second was an, asinine
joke piayed by Secretary Lelong of the
State Horticultural Society.
The committee had arranged to provide
the guests — army, navy and State of
ficials — with two-bit risars. but Mr. Le
long juggled with the cigars and passed
a loaded article around. Of course, when
lit, the cigars exploded. Everybody was
disgusted with the perpetration of such
a joke on such an occasion. They left
the table and went away from the ban
quet hall.
At the conclusion of the banquet all
marched to the pavilion, where the Club
of '96 held a reception in honor of the dis
tinguished visitors. General Shafter de
livered a short address to the thousands
of spectators. Admiral Kautz, the Gov
ernor. Governor Lee of South Dakota and
Colonel Duboc« of the First California
Volunteers were each introduced to the
people and were heartily received.
To-morrow night President A. B.
Spreckels will give a banquet at the Sut
ter Club to the Citizens' Executive Com
mittee of Sacramento, which has done
so much to make the State Fair a suc
cess.
gine houses for the silent alarm system,
which Is now in progress, will require 20,
--000 feet of main conduit. 20,0)0 feet of lat
eral conduit, 39 manholes, 41 boxes, 45,000
feet of cable and 600.000 feet of conductor.
All the trench work has been completed,
and all that Is necessary is to draw .he
cables through the conduits and the erec
tion of new fire boxes.
The expenses for the year were $68,095,
as follows: Battery material, $795 26; line
material, $&7W i>7; shop supplies, $755 94:
poxes and instruments. $1436 41; tools and
nardware, $2209 08; machinery. $729 12; sta
tionery, $190 03; paints. $1495 7S; miscella
neous, $1596 95; horse expenses, $2773 94;
time. $300: labor, $45.7'.»4 77. The appropria
tion was $68,100. leaving a surplus of $5.
■ m ■
Flea f»r Home-Made Cigars.
At a meeting of the Pacific Coast Beer
Bottlers" Protective Association held yes
terday the question of giving encourage
! ment to local cigar-makers was discussed.
I It was stated that there are at the pres
i ent time very few local white men en
] gaged in the manufacturing of cigars, j In
i order to show the sympathy of this as
sociation for the cigar-makers of San
I Francisco the following resolutions were
: adopted:
Whereas, The promising outlook for home
manufactures has encouraged the' cigar
makers Of San Francisco to Inaugurate
a movement for. the rehabilitation of their
Industry In this metropolis, and believing
that there Is no good reason -why. the Cali- .
fornia made cigars should not be restored'
to full popularity in this community, bring
ing to every retail tradesman In San Fran
cisco direct pecuniary benefits and to every
citizen the . Indirect benefits \ that come
from an increasing permanent population
and the steady expansion of our manufac
turing industries, therefore be it
Resolved, That the Pacific Coast Beer
Bottlers' Protective Association hereby
pledges its moral support to the movement
now on foot under the direction of the San
Francisco Protective Association to secure
a fair division of patronage to home made
; cigars, and to do everything In Its power to
I restore to full favor in this community tha
California blue label cigar.
■ ... — ~ — '■* ' ■
Sir Jung Bahudur, an East Indian
{ potentate, owns a HO, OOO hat.
ROBERT BURDETTE
IS SERIOUSLY ILL
Strieker) With Vertigo Wtyle De
livering the Opening Lecture
of tf)e Hanford Course.
C HANFORD, Sept. Robert J. Burdette, who was engaged to open Q
§the Hanford lecture course, appeared before a large audience to-night. #
g He had proceeded but a few moments when he was stricken with ver- SJ
§•■ tigo. The audience was dismissed at once. Mr. Burdette was taken §
O to his hotel, where he is being cared for by local physicians. $
> jr> B B«as«MO»?yae^
DESTRUCTION OF
THE SATURNUS
Steamer Captured by
Filipinos.
Spectal Dispatch to The CalL
WASHINGTON, Sept. 14.— report has
been received by mail at the War Depart
ment giving an account of the capture |
and destruction of the steamer Saturnus, '
which carried $40,000 in cash and a valu- j
able cargo. The report follows:
The United States gunboat Pampanga ar
rived here yesterday morning bringing news of
the capture of the steamer Saturnus, belonging
to the Compania Maritima. The facts as gath
ered from those who know are as follows:
The Saturnus sailed from Manila on the |
morning of July M for San Fernando de la ]
Union, on the north side of the Gulf or Lin- |
gayan Cayvian. Currlmao and Aparrt. all of
which are northern ports. It is supposed the
vessel arrived off San Fernando on the 31st
ult. When discovered by the gunboat Pam- j
panga she was lying with her nose buried In
the sand of the shore south of the city of San
Fernando. Both anchors were out and smoke,
which hovered closely over the vessel, showed
her to be on fire. Small boats with native
crews could be seen carrying the cargo of the
burning vessel ashore.
Little suspecting the true condition of affairs,
the gunboat Pampanga sent a boat out to the j
burning vessel to investigate, but upon the ap- :
I proach of the boat with her American blue
jackets the natives immediately retired and [
opened fire upon the boat's crew, using Mauser ■
and, Remington rifles from concealed trenches |
and sending shells from two three-Inch guns, :
which formed a concealed battery, over and |
close to the little boat.
The watchful officers on the Pampanga Im- j
mediately ordered the fire from the rebel j
trenches to be returned by the crew of the gun
boat and under cover of the guns of the war
' ship' the boat reached the Saturnus. A brief
I inspection of the vessel showed every Indica
( tion that she had been looted by the rebels,
i but the examination failed to disclose any sign
lof the crew or anything to indicate that a j
' struggle had taken place on board. The boat's
: crew then attempted to raise the anchors, but,
i falling in this, they cut the anchor chains and
i attached a hawser from the Pampanga to the
• propeller of the Saturnus. An attempt was then
made to pull her out of the mud and sand, but
1 was unsuccessful.
The Pampanga then abandoned the wrecked
Saturnus an signaled the Concord, which was
sighted as she was crossing the Gulf of Lin
gayan, and reported all the facts of the dis
covery to her commander. The Pampanga was
thereupon ordered to Manila to report the af
■ fair while the Concord remained to attend the
rebels and the wreck. "When the gunboat left
the scene the flames on the Saturnus had en
veloped the vessel, and she, to all appearances,
was doomed.
The Saturnus was commanded by Captain
1 Antonio Aralueea and had two officers, three
1 engineers and a crew of thirty-six natives. It
' is supposed that all were taken prisoners by the
: rebels.
The carsro of the vessel consisted of 520 cases j
Of petroleum, of ten gallons to the case; 600
demijohns of wine. 143 barrels of wine. SO sacks
of rice, 10 cases of linen cloth. 7 cases of money,
containing $40.00") In cash, and 1496 packages
and bales of various kinds. In addition to the
i cargo the vessel carried twenty-six passengers
i and two children, all of whont were either
Filipinos or Chinese.
I There Is absolutely no truth In the rumor of
the assassination or murder of the crew of the
vessel.
The steamer Union, belonging to the Com
I Overcoats m 1
a We want to interest you in our <s^^^a if
"Yeargood" overcoats and when P*" y
l| you purchase we are both going to >^'a
t-4 be pleased — ycu with your x^r^^^^^.
••' overcoat and we with your / \ \\
Ij, continued patronage, for / 1/ |\\ B
; i that's a natural. consequence. / J Wv, 1
I We have Cheviots, Ker- ( l| ,'|
I seys, Coverts, Meltons, and N. \jL-, lljl | i
I for better wear, Oxfords and ;\j^^^ ffl!' P
I Vicunas in different shades 'JJ|hK=sj C Vlf 1
I They are lined with the .* \V li F^) I
1 best quality of farmer's satin I ( T g
a the finer grades with the best === T'lnf W' I '']^ ln\
I of silk), lapels are hand padded, j ffl ||J i' 1J By. |
I collars are of silk velvet, button- . | ;!ji| \'II B *| ||
I holes are carefully worked, buttons ! ■■. ijl jjujj ■ y
P are strongly sewed on, the whole ' 1 IPJ | § i<
C garment is artistically cut and IPI jili a p
I made and will fit to your satisfac- 'Ij ft jjflf R
I tion. Prices run from $12 50 to $25. j 1 ;!/ H
I That is what we say of our «/ If % ' g
I "Yeargood" overcoats and this is ii [ H
i what we do — we guarantee them : XF h
I Money returned if yon want it or I
I clothes kept in repair free for one year. |
I With fall here, you want a new overcoat. Can; 1.
I you think of a better overcoat to buy than a "Year- |
I good" overcoat — an overcoat guaranteed for a year ? H
I Reefer Top Coats for Boys. I
i Ages 3 to 8 ; material frieze and niggerhead; val- tj
I|* ues $4, $5 and £6.50; selling price for a short time, jy
I $3.85. * h
I @|S.N.WOODgCO;(@) E
I >§ff»5J/ • -7 1 a MARKET st X^toSX B
I Out-of-town orders filled — write us. ||
pania General de Tobacco, which sailed a few
days after the Saturnus for the same port, re
turned yesterday with the information that the
United States gunboat Paragrua refused per
mission to her to enter the port of San Fer
nando and ordered her to return to Manila.
It is generally believed that a portion of the
crew, and perhaps some of the passengers, were
in league with the rebelu and. knowing that the
Insurgents had a concealed battery planted
there, ran the vessel ashore under the rebel
(Tuns so as to make the looting free and easy
and the capture o£ the vessel and Its valuable '
cargo, together with its officers, moie com
plete with little danger to themselves.
A subsequent report received here states that i
the crew anjd passengers of the Saturnus were !
all safe and uninjured at Tarlac the Filipino <
capital. It was expected that the crew an 1
passengers would arrive in Manila soon as It '■
was said that they were free to go wherever :
they pleased unmolested. The Saturnus was ,
fully insured against loes, including the risk j
of war.
Lively Drawn Battle.
WATERBURT, Conn., Sept. 14.— Dan
Murphy of Waterbury and Australian
Jimmy Ryan fought a twenty-round
draw before the Waterbury Athletic Club, j
In the second round Ryan landed a solar I
plexus blow on Murphy, which caused the j
latter to hang to the ropes. Ryan did not i
follow up his advantage, however. In the j
succeeding round Murphy did the leading, j
landing frequently on th* face and head, j
but In almost every case Ryan came back I
with wicked righthand swing's on Mur- j
phy's wind. In the final round Murphy !
went at his man in hammer and tongs i
fashion and punished him severely.
He could not find the jaw, however, for
I a knockout.
Hart Gets the Decision.
STOUX CITY. lowa. Sept. 14.— Th«
feature of the second night of Tommy
White's fistk: carnival was a fifteen
round battle between Sig Hart and
"Australian" Bill Murphy. Both men
were aggressive, and the battle was hot
from the opening round until the close.
Hart, although a head and a half shorter
than Murphy, who also had a much long
er reach, put up the most scientific fight,
and was awarded the decision on points
at the end of the fifteenth round.
FOUGHT HIS CAPTORS.
Frederick Gilbert, a Maniac, Gives
Four Policemen Battle.
Frederick Gilbert, a lithographer, living
at 1522 O'Farrell street, suddenly became i
insane last night and drove his hand ■
through a window in his home, cutting a ,
deep gash in the wrist. His mother, hear
ing the crash, entered the room occupied
by her son and found him wrapping a
blanket around his wrist. As his actions
denoted that he had suddenly lost his
a, Mrs. Gilbert summoned Police
man Aiken. who started to take him into
custody. Gilbert vigorously resisted his
efforts and a desperate struggle ensued, j
With the assistance of three other police-J
men. who were attracted to the house by
thf> maniacal screams of Gilbert. Aiken
finally bound him with ropes and dragged
him from the house. He was then placed
in tie patrol wagon and driven to the Re
ceiving Hospital. Police Surgeon Heintz, :
who was supposed to be on duty at the
time, could not be found and Dr. Hartley, ;
his former interne, who happened to be
present, was compelled to dress the
wound in Gilberts wrist. He was after
ward removed to the insane department ;
and locked up in a padded cell.
It is claimed that Gilbert was formerly
an inmate of Agnews Asylum for the In- \
sane.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I POSITIVELY I
LAST
uHLLi
i This is the last opportunity I
a you will ever have to buy our h
1 stock at rock bottom price. H
n You have watched other oil B
I stocks advance steadily, and I
fj probably wished you had H
jf bought in on the ground floor. g
■ Our stock will be sold as fol- H
lows :
i Sept. Ito 15—1000 litres tt $1.00 H
|i Sept. 15 to 25—1000 ihtm »t 1.43 1
H Sept 25 t> Oct. s—looo ih»re« tt 1.80 fc
| Oct. sto 15—1000 shares at 2.20 ■
| Oct. 15 to 25—1000 shire i tt 2.60 |
B Oct. 25 to Nov. s— looo ibtrei tt 3.00 I
H Nor. 5 to 15—1000 ihtrti tt 3.40 i
H Mot 15 to 25—1000 ihtr«« tt 3-30 |j
1 Mot. 25 to Dee. s— looo shares tt i2O |
B Dee. sto 15—1000 satret tt 4-60 B
H Deo- 15 to 25—1000 skins tt 8.00 |
400 * Profit
BY
CHRISTMAS!
1 and iooo per cent profit if we H
\ strike oil in the meantime. P
| Applications received up to 1
1 Saturday, Sept. 16th, 12 !
I o'clock midnight, or mail or- I
I ders bearing postmark up to P
I that hour, will be filled at $1 i
I per share. |
1 BIG PANOCHE OIL CO., 9
I ADAMS BUILDIMS. 1
I 206 X EAR NY STREET. ||
I SAN FRANCISCO. M
I OPEN EVENINGS. |!
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF TEE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
or THE
TRANSATLANTIC FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG. GERMANY. ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. IS3B, and for th«
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections 810
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner. ;
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up la , »-
Cash • '
ASSETS. J**_
Real Estate owned by Company. '•■ X
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 8627, 00 59
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral....
Cash in company's office 1.257 2$
Cash in banks 81.737 85
Certificates of deposits in hands of
United States Trustees 16.432 70
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and stocks 10,007 9«
Premiums in due course of collection.. 74.013 43
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks
Rents due and accrued
Due from other Companies for re-
Insurance on losses already paid...
Total assets ..1781.5C1 73
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid 8 1.828 56
Losses In process of adjustment or In
suspense 50,421 03
Losses resisted. Including expenses.... 6,813 50
Gross premiums on fire risks running
one year or less. $377,919 99; rein-
surance 30 per cent 188.940 00
Gross premiums on fire risks running:
more than one year, $312,333 43; re-
insurance pro rata US, 171 46
Gross premiums on Marine and In- t
land Navigation Risks, $ ;
reinsurance 100 per cent . ■
Gross premiums on Marine Time-
Risks. $ ; reinsurance 50
per cent
Total liabilities .$371.293 54
INCOME. ~
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums $549,773 OS
Net Cash actually received for
Marine premiums
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages
Received for interest and dividends oa
bonds, stocks, loans, and from all
other sources 0,218 M
Received from all other sources 21.303 45
Total lncom* .1590.295 71
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses (In-
cluding $ losses of previous
years) $3JJ,4» 81
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(including $ . losses of pre-
vious years) •
Dividends to Stockholders
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 143,408 06
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 11.453 IS
Paid • for State, national and local
taxes • 9,213 19
All other payments and expenditures.. 44.389 S3
Total expenditure* -8550,902 08
Losses Incurred daring the year. f1re. .5329.528 40
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks'
£ar te^.. dU . rt . nS .... the »•».« $T».O«7T
Net amount of risks
expired during the 64.240.511 7=0.454 7,
yea j. 64,245.511 720.454 71
Net amount in force
December 31. 189S 50.716.122 890.259 43
ADOLPH LOEB. U. S. Manager.
* Subscribed and sworn to before me ttu-i 2tta
day of April. 1899.
MARK A. FOOTE. Notary Publla.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT!
213 SANSOME STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
Y. CARDS DRIFFIELD, Manager.
B. DANKER, Assistant Miiigcr.
34
SPORTS
NEW WORLD'S
RECORD IS
ESTABLISHED
C. K. G. Bi lings of Chicago
Drives Eumps, the Pacer,
to a W^gon in 2:08 1-4.
to The Call.
TERRE HAUTE. Jnd., Sept. 14.— A big
crowd was present this afternoon to see
Humps, driven by his owner, clip a
Quarter of a second eff the wagon record
of 2:cS',t, n-.ade by Samuel Belle at Cleve
land.
It was 4 o"cloek before C. K. G. Bil
lings of Chicago appeared on the track
with the big pacer and after warming up
he scored to the wire twice before he
nodded to the starter for the word. The
horse moved like clock-work and despite
the cool weather and the heavy wind he
iinishtd the mile with a runner in 2:0S 1 / 4,
establishing; a nc-w world's record to
wagon with an amateur driver up.
In the 2:tvs pace, postponed from yester
day. Ruby Mack, the favorite, won tho
ilftn heat, but In the s<ixt!i and last heat
was unable to beat out Silver Prince,
who finished lirst by a nose- in one of the
best races of the meeting.
In the 2:16 trut, Tessle S., the favorite,
was net In the running at all and Guy won
!a straight beats about as he pleased. The
.:Q-l pace was also a surprise; Indiana,
the favorite; was' unable to head oft
Uheriaan i lay, who sold lowest in the
pools. Borough Park (formerly Planet)
was second favorite, but finished
ihird. TJxe 2:14 pace was post
poned until to-morrow after five heats
nad been 'reefed oil and there were four
winners. Results:
2:IS pace, purse $1000 (postponed from
yestc-ruay)— Ruby Mack won lifth heat.
Time, 2:06%; Silver Prince won sixth heat
and race. i line. 2:12. Violation, Marshall,
-Uilduru and Barony also started.
2:16 trot, purse flow— Guy won in
straight heats. Time. i:l3, 2:13*4, -2:12;
Axmere second. Rejected Stone third.
Tessie S. ( Louise and Miss Sllngo also
started.
2:14 pace, purse $1000 (unfinished)—
Waygo won liryt heat. Time, 2:1 '•_ Ed
gar H won second and third eats. Time,
2:11. 2:11)4. Jersey Mac won fourth heat.
Time, 2:U a ,j. Light Star won fifth heat.
Time, 2:13%. Morinial, Scapegoat, Wai
nut Lad Amity Ed, Victor Little and
Round Wood also started. Race post
poned on account of darkness.
2 •'•■ pace, purse Sherman Clay won
In straight, hrats. Time, 2:OSVi, 2:05% i
1:07. Indiana, Borough Park and Ananias
also started.
BUFFALO, Sept. 14.— Bloodhound, with
as good as 30 to 1 against him, was sent
after the money at Port Erie this after
noon and got it handily. The judges have
suspended J. Gardner Indefinitely, it be
ing alleged that Gardner has been riding
for a Canadian syndicate which has been
beating the races here and at Detroit.
Truck good, weather clear.- Results:
Five and a half furlongs— Bloodhound won.
La Mascotta second, Juanetta third. Time,
1:08%.
Four and a half . furlongs— Little Veronica
won. Fairy Jjeil second, Ida Fordham third.
Time, :si.
Une and a sixteenth mile«— Arquebus won,
Gal.-ilhtre second. Beau Ideal third. Tim.-. 1:47%.
Five furlongs— Alfred C won. King Dellls eec
< nd, Cariboo third. Time, 1:02.
Seven and a half furlongs— Crystalline won,
Sallle Laraar second, Wenlock third. Time,
1:35.
Seven and a half furlongs— Elsie Barnes won,
Violet Becpnd, Charlotte M third. Time, 1:24' 2 .
NEW YORK, Sept. 14.— The Speculation, a
selling stake at one find a sixteenth miles for
three-year-olds and upward, was the only fea
ture on the card at Gravesend to-day, and only
four accepted. Bannockburn was the favorite
at 6 to 5, but finished third. Charentus made
the running to the last sixteenth, when Cam
brian, whom O'Connor had rated along behind
tiie leaders, came on and won easily. ,The
tport opened with a hurdle race, whhch result
ed In what might have proved a serious acci
dent. Julius Caesar, the favorite, fell at the
fourth hurdle ami rolled over his Jockey,
Srrague. The boy was picked up unconscious.
He was sent to the Norwegian hospital The
Etewarda fined W. c. Duly $200 for cruelty to his
;i!.;.renl:cc, Jockey Hctbersall, and referred the
case to the stewards of the jockey club for
further consideration. They also set down Wed
derstrand. the jockey, for the balance of the
meeting for his ride on Star of Bethlehem In
the fifth race. Results:
Hurdle handicap, one and a half miles — Har
dy C won. Marshall second, Mr. Stoffel third.
Time, 2:53.
About six furlcngs, selling — The Pride won.
Judge Warden second. Dollie Weithoff third.
Time. 1:11 4-5.
Five furlongs— Native won. Mesuvian second.
Hammock third. Time, 1:02 4-5.
The Speculation, one and a sixteenth miles —
Cambrian won, Charentus second. Bannock
burn third. Time. I:4S.
One and a quarter milep— Latson won, Spurs
second. The Star of Bethlehem : third. Time,
2:09 2-5.
One and a sixteenth miles — Veracious won,
Bang* r second, Locochee third. Time. 1:50.
CHICAGO. Sept. 14.— Weather clear. Track
fast. Results-.
Six furlongs, 6elllng:— Uncas won. Rival Dare
second. Hermoso third. Time. 1:14\.
Five an.l a halt furlongs— Golden Rule won,
.Alioe Turner pecond, Capron third. Time, 1:07.
Six furlongs, selling — Tenole won, = kln sec
nnd, Loyalette third. Time. 1:14%.
Steeplechase, handicap, short course— Chenier
■won. Globe II second. Vanity third. Time.
3:lo'i.
One mile, gelling— Fonso won. Gold Fax
Eccond. Moroni third. Time.' 1:404.
pne mile— May won, .Bishop Reed second. Cat
astrophe third. Time. 1:40',.
MILWAUKEE, Wls., Sept. 14.— largest
crowd in the history of the State Fair, esti
mated at 40,000 people, turned out to-day (Mil
waukee day) to witness the races. The track
■was faultless and good time was made in all
the heats. Close finishes were the order
throughout. Results:
'.' IT pace, purse $10u- Ina King won In
uraißht heats. Time. 2:13. i:,' 4 . 2:151,4. Prin
cess Dora second. Strathwayne third. A W and
j:ttiel G also started.
2:20 trot, purse $700— Liepe won first, fourth
£uni fifth heats. Time, 2:17 1 ,<.. 2:17, 1:30%. Clara
Klmball won third heat la 2:18 and was lecond
Silver Wllkes third. Kins Heyday, distanced
!r\ third heat, won second heat in 2:17<- 4 Baby
>■. Cary C, lailie Ef, Mace* and Fr^d also
Ftarted.
2:30 trot, purse r ,OO. unfinished— iSaby B won
first nd third heatg. Time. 2:21, 2:21 V» Anet-
He won second heat in 2:20^. Xlna V Pilot
Ttambert, Quinton. Oleida Girl and Jerry T also
darted. --
Fell From a Train.
YT'MA. Sept. 14.— Joseph Lomzen of T^os
Angetea fell from a Southern I'aciiic train
at Pilot Knob, twelve miles from here
One log was so badly crushed that ani
-1 utation w«« neeMsafy. H* was stealing
a ride at the time of the mishap.
To keep the skin clean
is to wash the cxeretions
frcm it off; the skin takes
care of itself inside, if not
blocked outside.
To wash it often and
•Jean, without doin^ any
3Ort of violence to it, re-
quires a most gentle soap,
a soap with no free al-
kali in it.
Pears', the soap that
[ears but not excoriates.
All sorts of stores sell it, especially
druggists; all sorts of people use it.
SACRAMENTO FAIR.
Finishes in Eastern Races.
GARRETT COCHRAN WILL
LEAD THEM TO VICTORY
BERKELEY, Sepi U ivrkeley collegians attributed their last football
victory to enthusiasm and to Garret! Cocbiun. If to-day's outburst is
any indication of how the Blue and Gold will fare during the coming
season, Berkeley ought to do great things on the gridiron. Cochran
arrived to-day. The whole university turned out to give him a rous
ing welcome.
The big coach reached Sixteenth-street Station, Oakland, on this morn
ing's Southern Overland train. There his reception was worthy of a football
hero. Over 250 students braved the penalties of being absent from college
exercises and went in a body from the university town to be present at the
depot when Cochran arrived. Their good spirits led them to play tricks with
the Southern ±-a< irtc. and that corporation is out of 250 douo.e fares which
legitimately belong to it. Once on the train, the men realized themselves
masters of the situation, and, piling into the last car. locked the door and
refused to let in the conductor. That functionary's efforts to collect fares
resulted In his being checkmated at every attempt, and the people at Six
teenth-street Station were surprised to see a carload of students pile out of
the windows of the smoker as soon as the Berkeley local stopped. In a hen
roost near the c -pot the men found a rooster. They decorated the bird with
blue and gold ribb ins, and, as Cochran stepped off hi? train, presented it to
him with cheers and yells.
Cochran was evidently much pleased with his reception. He is looking
in splendid condition, and seems much improved after a year's rest. This
afternoon he made his first appearance upon the football field. Professors
and students lined the- bleachers and joined in the cheering as the big coach
came on the gridiron and shook hands with th< Football men. After a light
practice Cochran declared that Berk-ley had a harder tussle than ever be
fore her this year, and that the men would have to get down to steady
work at once.
LORD BYRON
IN FIRST AT
UNION PARK
Scott's Big Greyhound Beats Out
Merry Maiden for tha
Reserve Stake.
Midweek coursing at Union Park s^ma
to have struck the popular taste. The re
serve stake yesterday served to attract
there more than 2000 people, who were
given more than the ordinary amount of
| sport. The hares, as a rule, were strong,
some remarkably so, and the courses wer»>
iat times exciting-. E. & R. Scott's Lord
i'.yron beat E. F. Passon's Maiden to first
money after that active hound had dis
posed of Maiii of Erin in one of the most
stubbornly contested runs of the day, the
hare escaping.
Easy money tickets were torn up in the
tirst round by those who were certain
Eiasel Dell could beat Montana. They
think she can ypt, but she didn't jresi r
■ day, bt-ing away off t'nrm ::f. ;l result, of a
! grueling course Bbfi received last Sunday
at Ingleside. She was badly beaten.
Wondering Tom, who was put out in the
i third round by O X Capitol, got the flag
in the second round from Little Joker.
After a short undecided Tom and the
Joker were slipped after one of those de
mon hares you read about. He ran them
i ail over the lot, flirted with them at one
;of the escapes, refused to take it and
headed away trom them in the direction
or the slips. Wondering Tom taking a
nasty fall on the way. It finally became
necessary to slip another dog, who ran in
and killed.
The linal round was not long in doubt.
! Lord liyron looked to have the better of
It by reason of the grueling Riven to the
• Maiden m her cour.se with the Maid of
j Erin, although some people took a shy at
! the short end in the hope that his lord
i ship mi«ht lurch. H<- fooled them. There
I was nothing to it but the- nobility in short
j order. The results wore:
First round— W. H. Jones' Lady Marlon beat
W. C. Glasson's Joy Hells; • J. Ferris" Cleo
patra bfat F. E. M'cEldowney's Rosebud; E.
F. Paason's Merry Maiden b«jat M. Michelek's
Scott Free; K. Attrldge's Masterpiece, a bye
(Lamplighter withdrawn); W. H. Jones' Rus
tan beat J. M. Holton's Key Alfonso; Handy
& Smith's Ida beat W. C. Glasson's Border's
Valentine; T. E. McEldowney's Right Bower
beat J. Kerrigan's Princess Royal; E. Adams'
Traveler beat .1. McCormick's White Tip; W.
Creamer's Jesse Moore beat Pasha Kennels'
Race Away; J. Benetaon'a Gold Hill beat E.
Adams' St. Gertrude; Ed Wilson* Magnet
beat F. A. McComb's. Blue Rock; Aeneld Ken
nels' Maid of Erin beat Hurley & Rlley's
Star of Cuba; Ed -Wilson's Magnesia beat J.
Ronnlng's Geraldlne; Sterl & Knowles' Wag
beat Pasha Kennels' Right Arm; Locke &
Lyons' Dick L beat W. H. Lord's Fair Flor
ence; E. M. Elkus' Telephone Belle beat J.
Job**' White Diamond; P. C. Bllrk's Lady
Garnet beat .1. Jones' Lady Van; W. H. Lord's
Revolver beat J. H. Harrison's Happy Hoodoo;
L.inde & Gerber's Mount Ida beat H. Pink
ham's Newsboy; O. Lahusen's Fireball beat W.
Cramer's Report; F. A. McComb'a One Spot beat
W. J. Murphy's Arrow; J. J. Warren's Sweet'
Lips beat J. Kerrigan's Lady Blanche; W. C.
Collier's ■ Martha "Washington beat. W. H.
Jones' Prince Jerome; K. & R. Scott's Lord
Byron beat J. McCormick's Primrose; J. p.
Thrift's St. Michael beat P. C. Blick's Menlo
Maid; Hurley & Riley's O X Capitol beat
Lande & Gerber's Onward; W. L. Trade' 3
Wondering Tooi beat A. Ohmeyer's Occidental;
F. A. McComb's Little Joker beat Lande &
Gerber's A. A. A. Morville; H. Weber's Mon
tana beat J. Bradßhaw's Hazel Dell; James
Dickson's Black Bess beat M. London's Sliar
key; J. 'Dean's Belle of Anderson beat R. L.
Taylor's Wild Lassie; Steri & Knowlea' Sleety
Mist- beat R. L. Taylor's Bounding Bell.
Second round— Lady Marion beat, Cleopatra;
Merry Maiden beat Masterpiece; Rustan beat
Ida; Traveler beat Right Bower; Jesse Moore
beat Gold HUI; Maid of Erin beat Magnet:
Magnesia beat Wag; Dick L beat Telephone
Girl; Revolver beat Lady Garnet (after an
undecided); Fireball beat Mount Ida; One ' Spot
beat Sweet Lips; Lord Byron beat Martha
Washington: 0 X Capitol beat St. Michael
(after an undecided); Wondering Tom beat Lit
tle Joker; Black Bess beat Montana; Belle of
Anderson beat Sleety Mist.
Third round— Merry Maiden beat Lady
Marion: Rustan beat Traveler; Maid of Erin
beat Jesse Moore; Dick L beat Magnesia;
Revolver beat Fireball; Lord Byron beat One
Spot; O X Capitol beat Wondering Tom; Belle,
of Anderson beat Black Bess.
Fourth round — Merry Maiden heat Rustan;
Maid of Erin beat Dick L; Lord Byron beat
Revolver; OK Capitol beat Belle of Ander-
THE SAX FKA^CISCO CALL, FKIDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1899.
SPORTS
Fifth round— Merry Maiden beat Maid of
Erin; Lord Hyron beat O X Capitol.
Final— Lord Byron beat M»rry Maiden.
INGLESIDE COURSING.
The stake at Ingleslde this week at
tracted an entry of i-ighty-elght dogs.
The total prize money is $717 50. divided
as follows: To the winner. $110; runner
up, $70; third, $45; three at $30 each; five at
120; eleven at $12 50 and twenty-two at
'.'■ ' The draw resulted as follows:
J. o'Dowd's Short Over vs. If. B. Kav
anagh's Ski. J Dickson'a Black Bess vs. P.
M. I'larkson's Blackbawk; Curtis & Son's Com
modore vs. <" u nnell Bros.' Mammy Pleasant;
| Handy & Smith's Free and Easy vs. S. Han
son's L. S. Conley; Lowe & Thompson's Jes
j samy vs. E. It, Kellogg's Hummer: J. Jones'
! Lady Van vs. H. A. Deckelman's Rocklin
! Belle; D. Shannon's Soubrette vs. \V. C. Olas
i son's Joy Bells; i"urtls & Son's McKinley vs.
! Russell, Allen & Wilsons Lady Herscnel;Con
nell Bros.' Log Hoy vs. Murphy & Toland's
Twilight Jr; J. Keenan's Royal Buck vs. .T.
Byrnes' Eleven Spot; D. Shannon's Safeguard
vs. P, P. Lauterwassers Soot Free; B. Dillon's
Castle Island Boy vs. Lowe & Thompson's
; Prince Hal; A. Johnson's Tod Sloan vs W 11.
Jones' Lady Marian. Connell Bros.' Benorita
vk. A. Vanden Berth's Naughty (Jlrl- J
, Quane'F Marietta vs. T. McHugh'.s Maid of
i the Mill; J. Goddard's Flam" vs. D. J. Healey's
: Ma^Kie N, w. Creamer' « Report vs. George
Burfeind'a Pastime; c'urtls & Son's Cavalier
! vs. J. Byrnes' Sans Souci; Curtis & Son's Cash
vm. T. .1. crnnin'K Arab; T. J. Cronin'a Hose
; of Tralee vs. T. J. Cronin's Thornhlll; J.
Byrnes' niympu* vs. D. J. Heal.-yn Rusty
Gold; Koran & O'Neill's Irem- H vs T Gib
■ ii i [rnperiaj \V. H. Shear's Fury vs Handy
(V smiths Twin City Girl; Lowe & Thompson's
Flora McDonald vs. Lowe & Thompson's St
<>ran; J. J. Kdmond's Morning Glory vs P E
H.mllson's Don't I>aze; George Lahusen's Fire
ball vs. D. Ford's Bonita: K. Fallon's Lily of
the West vs. D. Cronin'a Swlnnerton; P Rell
ly's Expense vs. \V. Siken's Malta.; H A
DeckeUnan's Glen Chloe VS. F. Brown's Alma'
H. A. Deekelinan s Flyaway vh j Farley's
; Cash Day; J. O Donnells l.as I'almas v» Uus'
sell, Allen & Wilson's Cbanatng B<>lle- A Van
den Bergh 8 Amerlran Ksrlp vs. T. J McHutfh'a
Empress; Moran & O'Neill'a Nelly H vs W
H. Jones' Prlnoe Jerome; M. Michallk's Glen
Roy vs. F Passon-s Merry Maiden; H. Grey's
Terronette vs. H. Weber s Montana; I). Ford's
Juanlta vs. T. Farming's Babe Murphy Ru«
sell. Allen & Wilson's Daisy Clair vs ' D j
Heale.Vs Amarnsa; J. Keenan's Royal Oak' vs'
A. Ohmeyers Fair Rorallnd.. J. Running's Ker
rj Ow vs. J. Keenan's Fear Not: ». Hansen's
Our < llmate vs ]■. Kelly's Wlldwood- E Wil
son's Magnet vs. connell Bros,' Pt Helen- J
! Talbot's Blark Rock vs. A. Ohmever's o'ccl
dental; J. Byrnes' Nelly B vs. F. Brown's
Sweet Brier; K. M. Kellogg's Lady Gllmore
, vs. Handy & Smith's Jda.
BROKEN GAFF OF THE
SHAMROCK BEING FIXED
During the Interim the Yacht Will
Continue Her Trial Spins
With the Old Boom. f
NEW YORK, Sept. 14.— "Will" Fife Jr.
and his associates were busy to-day re
pairing the Shamrock's gaff topsail. The
spars were sent to the yard early in the
morning, and W. D. Dickey, manager of
the plant, was asked to hurry the work
required. The collapsed racing gaff had
to be repaired, as there was no duplicate
of It among the numerous spars sent over
by Mr Fife The yard officials put some
of their best machinists on the Job but
could not promise to complete It for two
or three days.
Under these circumstances, which Mr
Fifo partly anticipated. it was decided to
lengthen the old gaff to the size of the
racing spar, so that the yacht could have
a trial test to-morrow over a logged-off
course. A3 the yacht's practice spins in
American waters have been limited, Mr
tire is now becoming somewhat anxious
and will take advantage of every suita
ble day until the craft is docked to put
her in thorough racing shape.
Both the racing gaff and that used on
the old mainsail are of nickel steel. In the
gaff that collapsed and which is now being
repaired the steel is three-sixteenths of
an inch In thickness. This gaff is sixty
seven feet, long to an inch, which, al
though formidable enough, is five feet
less than experts and wiseacres had es
timated it.. As the old gaff was sixty
three feet ten inches long, the addition
given to it is three feet two inches. These
figures give an inkling of the extent to
which Mr. Fife has increased the area
of the. Shamrock's mainsail since she was
sailed with the cutter Britannia.
Both gaffs are made after the manner
of an old-fashioned stovepipe, and nave
no Inside bracing.
Nelson as a Transport.
SEATTLE, Sept. 14.— The steamer
Charles Nelson has been chartered by the
War Department to carry troopß to
Manila. She will leave for San Francisco
next Saturflay.
BIG COURSING EVENTS.
Franey's Death an Accident.
NEW RACE
PARK FOR
THE CAPITAL
Wealthy Citizens of Sacra-
mento Plan to Purchase a
Fin* Tract of Land.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 14.— Sacramento's
citizens are wildly enthusiastic over the
success of the State Fair of 1*99. They
have just realized that success can be
achieved by a display of concerted en
ergy. The citizens formed a State Fair
Club and decided to inject liberal supplies
of ginger into the annual exposition. Old
methods were discarded and the result
has been decidedly gratifying; in fact, it
has exceeded the wildest dream of the
most enthusiastic promoters.
The citizens have been fearful for some
months past that they might lose the
State Fair, as there lias been a hitch in
the efforts to dispose of tlie present park,
which is located almost fn the heart of
the city and which has grown too small
for the purpose* for which it, is intended.
The Legislature gave authority to sell the
present park and purchase a new one, but
for .some reason. there was a hitch, and
the people had about made up their minds
that nothing would be donee- • - ■ :
The Call's correspondent learned, to
night of a project which has been.inaugu
rated by some of the wealthiest citizens
of Sacramento, which will, if carried out,
give to California's- capital one of .the
finest racing parks on me Pacific Coast.
The plan of the projectors is to purchase
a great tract of land near the city, put
up modern clubhouses and grandstands,
construct a track and stables, pay off the
indebtedness of the State Agricultural
Society and turn the new park over to the
society in exchange for „ the , present
grounds.' The indebtedness is about $29,000.
The citizens who are working upon this
scheme are not in it for selfish .motives.
They have the interests of the. city at
heart. They intend, in the event of the
success of their plans, to ' convert ,, the
present racing grounds into a bedutlful
driving park. Old fences and buildings
will be torn down and trees, flowers and
shrubs will be planted. A mile track will
be maintained for pleasure driving and
there will be roadways where parties may |
turn out or drive out at quarter or half
mile points. The scheme is meeting with
great encouragement and will no . doubt
be carried out.
ST. LOUIS TAKES BOTH
GAMES FROM BOSTON
NATIONAL. LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ....88 37 .704. Chicago 66 64 .50$
Philadelphia 82 47 .63G Pittsburg ....64 65 .436
Boston 77 50 .60* Louisville ...60 69 .46i
Baltimore ...73 52 .554 New York. . ...".4 73 .42:,
Cincinnati ...73 57 .561 Washington 46 80 .36f,
St. Louis 7S 59 .549 / Cleveland ...19 116 .140
BOSTON, Sept. 14.— St. Louts took both
games. Boston playing- ragged ball. In the
first Boston batted flippy hard and often, but
mnde errors enough to lose two games. In the
F . nl game Huston could do nothing with
Sutihoff. while St. Louis batted Nichols hard.
Boston tried ihelr new man, Hit-key, on second
In the first gnnie. but he showed up in poor
form. The second game was called at the end
of the sixth Inning on account of darkness.
Attendance, 2000. Score, first game:
Clubs*- R- H. E.
Bostun 1 1^ W
St. Louis 11 W 3
Batteries— Meekln and Sullivan; Cuppy and
O'Connor. Umpires— Manaspau and Connolly.
Second game:
Clubs- R H. E.
Boston * 6
St. Louis 7 10 2
Batteries— Nichols and Bergen: Sudhoff and
O'Connor. Umpires — Manassau and Connolly.
NEW YORK, Sept. 14.— The locals made a
rally In 'he ninth Inning to-day and tied the
■con, after which the game was called on ac
count of darkness. Bad fielding was responsible
for most of the runs scored. Wrigley, formerly
shortstop for the Washington*, has been signed
tv play third buse for the home teum. He will
report' to-morrow. Hardest y has been released.
Attendance, 250. Score:
Clubs- R- H. E.
New York 8 13 6
Chicago 8 10 4
Batteries — Carrick and Warner; Callahan and
Chance. Umpires- McDonald and O'Day.
BROOKLYN, Sept. 14.— The Brooklyns made
It four straight by taking to-day's double
header from Pittsburg and completed the
series by eight to Fix. With the exception of
the fourtli Inning Mc.lamea pitched a star game
In the first, striking out eight men. Williams
was a particular mark, fanning out four times
despite his home run over the fence. Leever
was hit hard and was succeeded by Gray, who
gave Brooklyn two runs nn a wild pitch and
then did good work. In the second game Ken
nedy wasin fine fettle, while Hoffer was batted
In timely fushinn. The game was called In
the seventh on account of darkness. Attend
ance, 3SOO. Score, first game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Pltttburg 5 10 2
Brooklyn 7 8 3
Batteriea — Leever, Gray and Schrlver: Mc-
Jarnex and McGulre. Umpires — Swartwood and
Hunt.
Second game:
Clubs- R. H. E.
Plttuburg 16 1
Brooklyn 7 6 1
Batteries — Hotter and Schrlver; Kennedy and
Farrell. Umpires — Swartwood and Hunt.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 14.— 1n the first three
innings of to-day's game Hnhn wan in fine
form, striking out four men In succession. Hits
were bunched on him in the fourth and fifth
tnnings. however, and the Senators took a com
manding lead. Attendance. 1200. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Washington 7 10 1
Cincinnati 2 9 2
Batteries— Weyhlng and McMann; Hahn and
Peiti. Umpire— Latham.
BALTIMORE. Sept. 14— Louisville took the
rubber from the Orioles to-day, winning three
mt "f the five played. Baltimore outbatted
and outflelded the Colonels, but Kitgon's un
steadiness In the opening Innings gave the vis
itors a lead which the locals could not over
come. Attendance, 1437. Score:
Clubs— R, H. E
Ix>uisvlUe 6 7 3
Baltimore 5 s 0
Batteries— Cunningham, Waddell and Mes
sett; Kltson and Smith. Umpires— Betts and
L'wyer.
PHILAPKLPHTA. Sept. 14.— Cleveland was
shut out again to-day, owing to Beinhard's
masterly pitching. Hughey started well but
the rhillles made hits when they were needed
Attendance, 20f.7. Score:
Clubs- R . H E
Cleveland 0 4 8
Philadelphia ,*| 8 0 »
Batteries— Hughey nnd McAllister; Bernhard
and Douglass. Umpires— Snyder and McGarr.
PATCHEN THE WINNER.
In a Special Race at Sioux City He
Defeats John R. Gentry.
SIOIX CITY, lowa , Sept. H.-Five
thousand people attending the Sioux City
race meet witnessed the contest to-day
between Patchen and Gentry for a $3000
purse. The track was too soft and the
wind too strong for fast time.
in the first heat Gentry had the pole
The horses started very evenly and went
almost neck and neck to the half Here
Patchen closed the slight lead Gentry had
nekl and the two horses went to the
itretcb with not a head between thorn
Patehea then took the lead and won the
h<at by a head in a hard-fought and ex
citing finish in 2:05.
In the second heat Patchen had a head
the lead when the horses went under the
wire and slowly increased It, being a
length and a half ahead at the half At
the three-quarters he was two lengths
ahead. In the stretch Gentry made a
strong spurt and nearly closed the gap
but Patchen won tho heat and race by a
halP lene-tn In 2 -M\.
SUNDAY'S CALL can be pur- |
chased from all agents and «
newsdealers at 5c per copy. »
SPORTS !
SACRAMENTO
DAY AT THE
FAIR RACES
Admiral Kautz and General
Shatter Are Cheered on
Their Arrival.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 14.— The wealth
and fashion of Sacramento turned out in
honor of Sacramento day at the races
this afternoon, the immense grandstand
being packed and the betting ring a surg
ing mass <if people. The day was suffo
catingly hot with but one chilling blast
to cool the oppressive atmosphere. Short
ly after 2 o'clock the clarion voice of
Caller Dinue announced through a mega
i phone the approaching arrival of the
I Governor and staff, also General Shatter
and Admiral Kautz. guests of the occa
sion. Escorted by Troop B, Cavalry, the
vehicles containing the distinguished vis
itors paraded before the stand, the band
struck up a national air and strangely
enough the crowd refused to enthuse.
Even when three cheers were proposed
for his excellency but two or three hol
low, cracked and clammy voices respond
ed, 'the southern Governor is not very
I popular in this northern part of the State.
j General Shatter graciously responded by
raising his cap in acknowledgment of
the hearty welcome accorded him.
The racing was no different from any
other day, four favorites meeting with
defeat, and the books drawing an eagle
bird. Neernut, rank and unsteady, was a
bitter disappointment in the 2:13 trot,
which went to Galttte Wilkes in straight
heats. The Autumn handicap for two
year-olds over a mile fell to Bathos, su
perbly ridden by Frank Duffy. Cromwell
defeated a small field for the Capital City
stake. .
In the event for Sacramento County
roadsters, Regina F, driven by "Billy"
Lampert, won, the mare proving oil from
the can. Peo, over which F. E. Wright
held the reins, ruled a slight favorite
over Regina in the opening betting, but
the mare headed him throughout in each
hfat. Harry, driven by Clarence Nelson,
and Lady, with A. \V. O'Brien in the bike,
had the red bunting swished in their faces
the first heat.
A nicely balanced field of eight scored
for the word in the 2:13 class trot, with
Neernut a commanding favorite. The San
ta Ana horse acted cranky in the first
heat and was beaten hands down by Ga
lette Wilkes, driven by Charley Durfee.
Neernut was even a stronger choice for
the next heat, but the brown mare again
repeated the trick without a bobble in
2:14%, This time Hazel Klnney was sec
ond and Claudius third.
The first running event left a deep dark
brown taste in the mouths of many spec
tators. It was a six-furlong sprint, with
Amasa heavily played at odd? of 4 to 5
throughout. Of the others Yule, with
Butler up, seemed to be the only one try
ing. Mafada, Novia and Mike Rice could
all three have beaten the winner.
Mat Storn thought very highly of the
chances of his youngster Sunello for the
Autumn handicap, and the public coin
sent him to the post favorite. Loullier
rode one of his bungling races, finally
ending up In the show. Duffy, astride
Bathos, a 5 to 1 chance, stole away in the !
lead, and in a drive at the end led Bogus
Bill past the judges over a length in I:4BVs-
The Capital City stake, at one mile and
a furlong, was gathered in by Cromwell,
the even money choice, piloted by Maek
lin. Monrovia cut out the running for
nearly a mile, when she was collared and
beaten out five lengths. Grady disposed
of Mlstleton for the show. ,
Flush of Gold was plunged on to win
the five-furlong dash for two-year-olds,
but was slow to leave the post, and
Druidess won al! the way. The favorite
came with a rush, leading out Rose of
Hilo for the place.
A six-furlong selling run closed the
afternoon's sport- Donator. well ridden
by Morse and a mild favorite in the ring,
tame from behind, and in a hard drive
downed the 15 to 1 shot. Somis. a head.
Negligence, after making the running,
died away, just managing to get the
show.
Following are to-morrow s entries:
First rare— Trotting. 2:25 class; mile heats,
three In five.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
SACRAMENTO RACETRACK— Tenth day *f the meeting of the
State Fair Association, Thursday, Sept. 14. Weather fine. Track fast.
Starting Judge— Frank Covey.
FIRST RACE— For Sacramento County horsop; mile heats, best two In three: purse, $300
William Lnmperfs Retina F (Lampert) J 1
I'«. (F. E. Wright) * 2
Lady (A. W. O'Brien) d s *
Harry IC. Nelson) alsl
Time— 2:24*. 2:21*.
BBSCOND RACE— Trotting. 2:13 rlass; mile heats, best two In three; purse, |1000.
P Drkenhr-oker's br. m. Galette Wllkes, by Jud Wilke3-Gale (Durfee) 1 1
Neernut, l>. h., by Albert \V (Brooks) 2 4
Hazel Kinney, b. m. by McKlnney (Maben) 6 2
Claudius, b. *g., by Nutwood Wilkes (Barstow) 5 3
Iran Alto, h. h., by Palo Alto (Hunch) * 5
Dolllken vh m. by Mambrlno Chief Jr. (Smith) 3 (list
George W. McKinney, b. h., by McKlnney (Hodges) dlst
Clay S. b. h.. by Grover Clay (Rodriguez) dist
Time— 2::13*. 2:14*.
Presiding Judge— W. Wilson, . Starter— Havey.
Rrt THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; selling; purse, $300.
_ ____ Betting.
~" | Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. | St. Urn. *4m. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. CI.
~ (40) Amasa 4 110 1 ... 12 11 1 1*4 1 % Thorpe 1 l
4? M^ada/6::.:..:::..:iio 3 ... 2*4 22 .23 2 5 Morse 4 6
• (31) Mike Rice. 6 115 2 ... 3% 3 1*4 3 3 : 'Ins Sullivan 3-2 8-5
47 yule 4 if..... 1015 ... 6 1 52 65 42 Butler 6 20
36 Novi'a. 4.. 110 4 ... 4h 4h 4 1*4 6 40 E. Tones 6-5 7-5
25 OJal, 3 98 6 ... 6 6 6 6 |Coburn 15 25
Time— 1:14*4. Good start. Won driving. Winner, Crane _ Owens' b. g., by Captain Al-
Lady Intruder. ___.
K'7' FOURTH RACE— One mile; the Autumn Handicap; two-year-olds; value, $430.
; ; \ , _ ' | " '-'• "" (Betting.
Index. Horse. Welght.jSt. *4m. *4m. %m. Str. Fin, j Jockeys. Op. Cl.
— Bathos mil "Hi JIT J*i 11 \ 11*4 Duffy ....... . j..;- 5
(23) Bogus Bill 103 1 4 4 4 4 .2 3 Ruiz-. 3 3
44 Sunello .' lie! 2 3 1 3 1 ' 3 ns 2 ns 8 4 Loulller.. 4-5 3-5
10 Royal Bengal lOSf 4 2 *4 2 h 2 *4 3 1 4 Morse 8-8 3
Time— 1:48*4. Perfect start. Won ridden out. Winner, J. J. Moran's ch. c, by imp.
. Bathampton-Crisls. . '
-rT FIFTH RACE— Mile and an eighth; the Capital City Stake; value, $470.
J-q FIFTH RACE— Mile and an eighth; the Capital City Stake; value, $470.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Std. Mm. *4m. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. ' cl!
(43) Cromwell, _...... ...115 2 22 22 22 22 2% 15 Macklln H 1
45 Monrovia, _ 100 3 11 1 1*4 1 1*4 1 1 1 *4 2 5 . Butler 1 .
46 Grady. 6 :.::.:::.10S 4 31 3h 3 1*» 3 2 32 3 1*, Thorpe. 4 3
(46) MIstleton. 4 113 1 14 4 4 4 4 4 Morse ......... | 3-2 3-2
Time— 1:55. Good start. Won easily. Winner. Cambridge Stable's ch. h., by imp. St.
Blalse-Flavla. • ' - I '
_■*_ SIXTH RACE— Five furlongs; selling; two-year-olds ; purse, $250.
OaJa 1 —-_______.
Betting
Index. Horse. Weight, j St. *4m. *4m. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. pp. "1."
(37) Druidesa Up] 1 ••• Jl \* » 2* 1 1*4 (e Jones 1-5 6-1
(37) Flush of Gold — -J" 8 ... l1 ' V 6*4 1 LH few_eS—- 4-5 "
38 Flush of Gold 110 8 ... 8 8 6*4 2% Thorpe:.. 4-5 3-5
54 Rose of Hllo.. 103 4 ... jt HJry; 3 4 3 ns 3 3 Frawley 5 12
37 Lovta 96 3 ... .'4 4*4 2 h 4 2 Coburn 6 12
3? Palatine •.. 106 5 ... 5 2 f 6 3 5 2 6 1*4 [Blair 12 Jo
Phegon . Hie ... 6 *4 . 6 4 7 3 «3 Bennett 10 go
. .-.*: Nina °"e Fifth 108 « .. ... 32 ,2 ns 4*4 7 2 jSnlder .j 20
... Tanoke .... 106 7 ■•■ « *4 ■ a 8 8 [Butler « 15
Time— 1.03*4. Good start. Won driving. Winner. H. J. Jones' b. f.. by The Bard-Relay.
f»f% SEVENTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olda and upward; purse, $300.
I Betting
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. *jm. *4m. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. cl.
55 Donator. 4.... 107 7 ... 7*4; ... 6*4 lh Morse 3 2
22 Somis, 3.... 98 3 ... .51 ... 3h 2 1*4 Buchanan .... r 15
29 Negligenoe, 4 109 1 ... lh ... 1*4 3 1 Blair - 5 «
(51) Snips, 4 107,3 ...4*4 ... "n 4 1*4 Coburn 4 .4
52 Major Cook, a.. ....104 1 4 ... 3n ... 4h 5 1 Bergen 3 4
52 Pongu. 4.. ...:... 10419 ... 9 3 . ... 8*4 6*4 [Frawley '8 20
45 Miss Dividend, 4. ...104 5 ... 6 1 • ... 5*4 7 Ruiz .;........ [ 5 4
51 Hlmera, 4 94 10 ... 10 ... 9 8 Johnson ! 6 15
26 Stromo, 3 981 6 ... 11 ... 10 9 Butler j 4 3
51 Averlne, 4.. ...... 108 1 2 ... 2 3 ... 2 2 10 (Thorpe 3 4
39 Bastlle. .3 ......98 11 ... 8*4, ... 11 11 (Ward 20 30
61 Wllmeter. 4 .;.11Q * ... ... ... ... : ... Duffy ) 10 15
•Left. '
Time— 1:15*4. Good start. Won driving. Winner, Elmwood Stock Farm's b. g., by Imp.
Brutus-Miss Gift. - .... ,... ..,.., ....... „.. ..-:. „. .. .. ,
ADVERTISEMENTS. ■
Neckties are generally sold for either 25c or 50c.
Our story to-day is about the 50: tie.
The qualities of 50-cent ties are about the same in
~ all stores where haberdashery is sold. To make our
store distinctive as regards these 50-cent ties, we have
considered the best thing for us to do to make your pur-
chasing here- of great advantage to you is to offer a
■ large assortment. .
So, of course, you will find our 50-cent ties in air
shapes, colors and designs that have been conceived by
the manufacturers.
- ....-,-■'
The picture here shows a tie for
.. y : •'•
50c.
(|f|)S.N.WooDtCo(|ij)
Xjffig/T^IS MARKET ST.. V^lO^'
Out-of-town orders filled — write us.
L*na A ! Corona
Miss Barnabee 1 Fram
Second race— Pacing. 2:18 class: mile heats,
three In five.
Rey Direct Connie
John A i Goldy
Irvington Boy Roblet
Billy Baker , Butcher Boy
Dictatrees , Harry Ramon
Annie Roone»' Kelley Brlggs
Dave Ryan I
Third race— Running, for three-year-olds and
upwards; selling; one mile.
50 Libertine 1031 46 Twinkle T wink.. 100.
31 Roßsmore 98 60 Pongo 110
33 Lady Hurst 107 1 55 Magnus 100
47 Colonel Dan ....98! 47 Petal 90
Fourth race— Running, for two-year-olds;
five and a half furlongs.
48 Constellator 97, 27 Princess Zeike...ll2
3 Britt 1001 44 Bamboulia 100
54 Tagalog 93 j 21 Halifax 107
42 The Buffoon . . 105
Fifth and sixth Entries close to-mor
row. ' __________ — — -
Nickeus Jury Disagrees.
TACOMA, Sept. 14.— After being out all
] night the jury in the trial of Mayor John
i s<m Nlckeus disagreed this morning and
■ was discharged. The Mayor was charged
! with having solicited a bribe of $12,500 for
approving an ordinance compromising a
million-dollar suit against the Tacoma
I Light and Water Company and for fraud
i In selling the plant to the city.
FOOTBALL
PRACTICE IS
COMMENCED
Coach Chamberlin at Stan
ford Gives the Men Their
First Lesson.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 14.—
Between forty and fift<- football men were
out last Tuesday and received their first
lesson from Coach Chamberlin. He is
quite pleased with the material at his dis
posal. The only fault he has to find is
that they are mostly light. But this lack
wi!l be remedied when. "Babe" Burnett,
Cairns, De Forest, Dole, Wrigley and
Leavitt appear on the field. Another man
who may do some great work for Stan
ford is Christy, a two hundred pounder
j from Los Angeles, who has had three
years' experience as guard on the Uni-
I versity 01 Southern California team. De
I Forest of Portland is another man with
I a good football record who is expected.
> The rtturn of the First California Regi
i ment brings back besides Burnett, the
I great '97 center, "Guiby" Dole, guard on
I the 'Ol's freshman team; Leavitt, sub end
on the '91 'varsity, and Wrigley, a sub
guard the same year.
There is an abundance of material for
the freshman team. At present it is im
■ possible to make any forecast of what
j the personnel of the team will be. "Jack"
Reynolds and Lewers, old 'varsity heroes
of the '95 team, now of the law faculty,
will devote much time to the baby team,
thus relieving Chamberlin of this work.
Some of the more promising candidates
as they have shown up in practice so far
are Traeger and Lee for line positions,
P. Parker, John, Grider and Campbell for
halfs. Geer, Thayer and Roberts are
out for full backs, with the chances prob
ably even. For quarter, Luck, captain of
the West Aurora. 111.. High School team,
is the most promising candidate. With
the exception of center, there are plenty
of candidates for the other positions.
Another week will mark a great advance
ment on the gridiron at Stanford, as the
coach is hero at work and all the men
have suits who have applied for them.
Kicked by a Horse.
SONOMA. Sept. 14.— Matthieu Riehlla.a
prominent Swiss dairyman of this valley,
was kicked in the abdomen by a fractious
horse yesterday afternoon and receiver!
such terrible internal Injuries that his life
is despaired of.
For More Sports See Page 7.
Dependable Drugs
The Owl's
Prescription
Prices
Our prescription prices are as low
and reasonable as our medicine prices.
Kind of drugs used and amount of
labor required regulate the price of
prescription we fill.
So few prescription? alike it is im-
possible to quote general prices.
Baker's Kidney Cure 75c
Churchill's Skin Soap 15c'
100 Quinine Pills — 2-gram 30c
Allen's Female Restorer 70c
Peruna 85c
12 Phenacetine Tablets 25c
Box Seidlitz Powders 25c
Castor ia 25c
Carter's Hair Restorer 50c
Carter's Lithia Tablets 2kc
Carter's Pills
Carter's Dyspepsia Tablets 40c
Abbey's Salts 20c, 40c, 85c
Cascarets 10c, 20c, 40c
f'l2B MARKET ST., 8. F.
Tel. South 366
10th 4 »W>DDf> T (tku. M*i» »— ) OAKUNOGOV. PINGREE IS
AGAINST TRUSTS
In Favor of Their Com
plete Annihilation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO. Sept. 14.— Enthusiastic inter
est and a crowded hall put to-night's
session of the conference on trusts sharp
ly in contra.--, with the forenoon and aft
ernoon gatherings. Central Music Hall
was packed with an audience that repre
sented, nearly every class of people. Gov
ernor Pir.gree of Michigan was the star
attraction. The Governor was received
with applause so fervent that it was some
rr.lr.utes tx fore he could proceed with hfs
address. He was obliged to rise several
times after taking his seat and bow ac
knowledgment before the audience would
allow the chairman to introduce the next
speaker.
The house was divided against Itself
during- the address of the next speaker
ex-Secretary of the Treasury Charles
Foster. The audience finally became so
demonstrative In interrupting the speaker
with questions and remarks that a dele
gate asked the chairman to clear the gal
leries unless the Interruption ceased.
Governor Pingree's subject was "Th?
Effect of Trusts on Our National. Life and
Citizenship."
He began by mildly criticizing the Civic
ration of Chicago, declaring that ir
all of the sixty-nine questions distributed
by the Federation broadcast over the
country, as a means of gathering mater
ia.l for the use of the conierence. only om
question related in any way to the effect
of trusts upon society. He deplored th«
fact that in all the discussion, business
considerations — the almighty dollar
seemed to be uppermost.
While it is a popular fallacy to denj
the existence of social classes in this
country, he said. if Is nevertheless In
disputable that well defined classes di
vide our society. The strength of the re
public, he said, rests in the great mid
die class, the manufacturers, jobbers
middle men, commercial travelers anc
business men generally and it would b«
little short of calamity to encourage an>
industrial development that would affect
unfavorably this Important class. Close
to them and another strong element art
the skilled mechanics and artisans.
It was the effect of the trust upon the
classes. Governor Pir.gree maintained,
that should be first considered. As he
viewed the situation, the tendency of th«
trusts was to drive these men into th*
service of the great combinations, where
their identity would be lost and where
they would become mere cogs and little
wheels in a great complicated machine.
Ambition ana perhaps inventive genius
would be deadened and killed, inde
pendence would be lost and a sort of in
dustrial slavery would follow. Commer
cial feudalism, "he said, is the logical out
come of the trust, the trust manager be
coming the feudal baron. Commercial
advantages and -advantages might be
argued, "he said, but it would not be
honest to the people either in this con
ference or in legislative assemblies, il
the effect of the trust upon our national
life <t.rA citizenship be not considered.
Governor Pingree believed it would be
better to be forever poor, but indepen
dent and happy as individuals, than tc
lay the foundations for industrial slaver}
and tyranny- Equality of opportunity tc
all m»-n would be better than the control
of the worid's trade.
"I. favor complete and prompt anni
hilation of the trust." declared Governoi
Pingree, "with due regard for propertj
rights, of course."
Music at St. Dominic's.
usual monthly musical service at
on Sunday
don of Rhys Thomas.
: wing programme will be ren-
Chorus "Thanks Be to God" fDuran): tenor
£.->o, "In Native Worth" (Hayinl. Rhys
Thomas; so!o. "AbHe With Me" (Llddle), Mrs.
Madden: solo and chorus. "Great Is Jehovah"
(Scbabert): barytone solo. "Sancta. Maria"
."aure) Robert Lloyd; organ solo, selected.
Franklin Palm-r: "O SaJutar'.s," chorus iHaas.
lir.per); "Tantuin Ergo" CLejeal).
EXTR A!-S aturday EXTRft !
PAUSON & CO.'S
GRAND OPENING
OF THEIR
NEW STORE
At 918-922 Market St.,
OPPOSITE THE EMPORIUM.
Grandest Display of Men's and Children's
i E3 jfj^jv B^^ffßH BS JW S*l pi E'j /?S^
Ever Witnessed in San Francisco.
«
—— — —^— —^— — — — —
PAUSON & CO. is not a new name, but we must
familiarize this NEW STORE to you The name of
PAUSON & CO. shall be as it always has been, synonymous
with "High-grade Clothing at Popular prices."
EVERYBODY INVITED TO ATTEND THE GRAND OPENING
Our new store wilt be run in conjunction with our large
stores, 200-202-204 Kearny street, corner Sutter, and it will
be our aim to give the BEST VALUES and sell only the
NEWEST AND BEST GOODS.
§pIF" Everybody Invited to Attend the Grand Opening
916 920 922 DAI I CRN P. PR ■ 200-202-204
MARKET ST rAUoUIiOtuU. KEARNY ST,
£*^£pr- World-Beaters fop *l|S|g
RAILROAD DIRECTORS
HONOR THE MEMORY OF
CORNELIUS VANDERBILT
NETV YORK, Sept. 14.— The directors of I
:he nine Vanderbilt railroads met togeth- ,
;r yesterday at the Grand Central station
and adopted appropriate resolutions on
the death of Cornelius Vanderbilt.
The New York Central, Chicago and
Northwestern, New fork and Harlem,
Lake Shore and Michigan Southern, Mich
igan Central. Canada Southern. New
York. Chicago and St. Louis: Cleveland,
Cincinnati. Chicago and St. Louis and the
Chicago. St. Paul. Minneapolis and Omaha
were represented.
J. Pierpont Morgan presided, and resolu
tions drawn up by Chauncey M. Depew,
Marvin Hughitt and D. O. Mills were pre
sented. It was directed that the report be
placed on the records of the several com
panies and that a copy of it be sent to
the family of the deceased. The resolu- .
The structure that will receive the remains of Cornelius Vanderbilt and others of the family that follow him for
a. couple of generations to come stands near the little town of Newdorp, Staten Island. It is just outside of the Mora
vian Cemetery, where stands the family vault in which the "Old Commodore" was laid to rest, and near the farmhouse ♦
In which W. H. Vanderbilt lived and where Cornelius J. and others of his children were born. *>
It was begun in ISB4, and was not quite completed at the time of the death of TV*. H. Vanderbilt. December S, I*vs. 4
It was intended to take the place of the ojd Vanderbilt family vault, which was of scant accommodation and rather in-
secure. It was designed and erected by the celebrated architect. Richard M. Hunt, at a cost of 1900,000. The style of
the tomb is Romanesque throughout, and the whole structure contrasts strongly with the simple vault surmounted by
- mite shaft thirty feet high, which served as a tomb for the founder of the Vanderbilt fortunes— the only ornamen- <
tation of which is the name VAN DERBILT over the door of the vault. • ♦
RUN OVER BY A TEAM
Serious Accident to Gertie London, a
Little Girl, ot Belmont Place.
G^r:;~ London, a Err. •' years' ■
■a-ith a serious accident yes
in front of her mother's resi
nt place, near Seven::.
Brvant str- -
A team belonging I - Figaro a
scavenger, while standing in front of a
n at the corner of Gilbert and Bran-
Ited. They dashed alnig
Bryant, and whne
ag Belmont place, ran over the Ut
aa playing in front of her
mother's door. At Harriet street the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1399.
tions referred to Mr. TJanderbilf s high
character as a citizen and business man.
They said in part:
"Cornelius Vanderbilt was a fine type
of American manhood. Knowing the for- I
tune which he would inherit he accepted
and filled the places in business offices
and banks which his father secured for ;
htm as if his career and success were
wholly dependent upon his own exertions, j
"When he accepted a place as director
or trustee for business, education, charity
or the church he felt committed to give '.
to it careful consideration and financial
assistance. He gave most generously,
and his gifts covered a wide field. Few
donors ever did so much good with an
equal amount of money. He felt that he
was trustee of his great wealth and re
sponsible for its use to God and fellow j
The Vanderbilt Mausoleum
team collided with the buggy of a fire
which brought them to a
standstill.
The little girl was taken to the Receiv
ing Hospital in the ambulance, where it
was found that she had sustained a frac
ture of the left shoulder, a compound
:re of the left elbow, a fracture of
two ribs and ;•• ssibte internal Injuries.
She was att by Dr. Stephen, and
was afterward s^nt to the City and C i
ty Hospital. There it was learned that
she was resting- easily and tnat it might
not be n* - - to amputate her left
arm, as was at first supposed.
A.i ting B< M.-ara iast night ar-
I Louis Fegori. the driver of the
wagon, at his home. 407 Vallejo street.
!{• was taken to the California-street sta
tion ajid charged with battery.
■ m ■
DESTROYED CULVERT PIPES.
Dug TJp by Workmen Who Thought
They Were Discarded Sewers.
Tn excavating for the foundation of the
new car tracks on Montgomery street the
it men employed have allowed noth
ing to block their way. At the intersec
."' \tp mery and Bush streets the
excavations were somewhat deeper than
at other points along the line, and ab..ut
feet below the grade of the street a
culvert pipe was uncovered. It led from
the culvert at the Mills building to the
sewer running through Bush street.
As the pipe interfered somewhat with
instruction of the car tracks the
workmen had no hesitation in removing
,:>le of sections and plugging up the
exposed ends with concrete. The excuse
for r-r.dering the culvert pipe useless was
that it was thought to be an old sewer,
and as it was dry the workmen did not
think it was of any use. so they complet
ed the job by destroying it.
The matter would not have attracted
any attention until the rainy season had
not the business men of the vicinity no
ticed what the workmen were doing and
protested, but to no avail.
The attention of the Street Superintend
ent was called to the destruction of the
pipe, and he at once stated that h*
would make a thorough ini-estigation and
would force the Market-street Railway
Company to repair whatever injury U3
workmen had done.
OTA WILL LAND
The Secretary of the Treasury De
cides That He Is Not an
Alien Immigrant.
Deputy Immigration Commissioner
Schell received yesterday a telegram from
Commissioner-General Powderly. indorsed
by Secretary Gage, instructing Captain
Schell to allow S. Ota to land. The tele
gram stated that a letter of explanation
would follow by mail. Ota was r»!<>as»d
at once and took the earliest opportunity
to thank Count Nutsu, the Japanese Con
sul, and W. H. L,. Barnes fur their suc
cessful efforts in having him landed over
the head of the local immigration offi
cers.
Ota has been a merchant in this city for
eight y^ars. He went to Japan last March
to purchase iWO worth of goods for his
store. When he returned about a month
ago he was denied a landing on the
ground that he was an alien immigrant
and afflicted with a disease.
The matter was taken before Judge de
Haven, and he decided that Ota was not
an alien immigrant, that he had acquired
a domicile here and was therefore entitled
to land, but that the court had no Juris
diction to review the act of the Immigra
tion Commissioner. The case was* then
laid before the Secretary of tHe Treasury,
who, after examining the facts, revoked
the action of the local Commissioner.
SEWERS TO BE REPAIRED.
The Street Committee of the Board of
Supervisors at a meeting yesterday re
ported In favor of the reconstruction of
the sewers in Sixth street between How
ard and Bryant and the adjacent sew
ers and also of the sewer in Harrison
street between Fifth and Sixth
which have all been found to be in a bad
condition. The sum of $20,000 will be pro
vided for In the next tax levy for the pur
pose.
The construction of a bridge over the
tracks of the Southern Pacific Company
on San Jose avenue, near Mountain ave
nue was also recommended and the sum
of $13,000 will be set apart for the purpose.
The City Engineer was directed to make
the- necessary surveys and prepare plans
and specifications at a cost of $495.
To Protect Forests.
On Friday evening there will be an in
teresting meeting of prominent citizens
who are interested in the subject of the
preservation of the forests and the con
servation of the water supplies of the
State. The purpose of the gathering is
to devise ways and means of inducing the
State and national governments to survey
1 reservoir sites where water may be stored
' for use in dry seasons and for Irrigation
j purposes. Also for discussing the best
1 means of protecting the forests of the Pa
j clfic slope from fires and for the protec
tion of young forests. At a meeting of
! the Chamber of Commerce Tuesday the
j president was instructed to appoint a dele
men."
At the Vanderbilt mansion to-day many
beautiful flowers were received from
friends of the family. It is understood
the floral decorations in St. Bartholomew
Church, where the public funeral will be
held at 10 o'clock to-morrow morning,
will be very simple, and they will be con
fined chiefly to the decoration of the Van
derbilt pew. The casket, however, will
■ be covered with flowers.
A notice was posted to-day announcing
that the general offices of the Vanderbilt
! lines at; the station will be closed until
: noon to-day, out of respect to Mr. Van
'■ derbilt's memory. The directors of the
New York Central will meet next Tues
day, and it is supposed some action will
then be taken to fill the vacancy caused
| by the death of Mr. Vanderbilt.
gate to the meeting. The State Board of
Trade al^o took up the matter and John
P. Irish, Craigie Sharpe and E. W. Run
yon to represent that body.
FINANCIAL AGENT.
W. W. Dodge Appointed by the
President to Supervise Postoffice
Accounts.
W. W. Dodge, formerly of th<* well
known merchandising firm of Booth &
' Dodge, has l-een appointed financial
agent for the San Francisco Postofflce at
a salary of $1700 per annum. The ap
i poin:m>nt was made by President Mc-
Kinley under the provisions of his recent
! proclamation regarding the civil service.
The i osition is not under the civil service
system, and is known as "except--':."
Mr. Dodge's duties will consist or" ex-
I amining and revising the accounts of the
! Postoffice and its sub-stations.
COURT NOTES.
Emily Whalley Beanston, who on Au
gust 9 was dismissed from her position as
teacher in the Hawthorne ' Primary
School, has petitioned the Superior Court
for a writ of mandate to compel the
Board of Education to reinstate her.
Benjamin H. Kruger filed suit yesterday
against George Gray, an employe of the
Fulton Iron Works, to recover $5000 dam
ages. Kruger alleges that Gray has
alienated his wife's affections to his in
jury in the sum sued for.
The order made by Judge Troutt
Wednesday suspending the powers of
Martin .Carter as executor of the will of
his deceased brother, Thomas Carter, will
Dot take immediate effect. Yesterday
Judge Troutt granted a stay of execution
in the matter until the further order of
court. Under this order suspending judg
ment Martin Carter will remain In con
trol of the estate until the order to show
cause why letters testamentary held by
him should not be revoked Is heard oh
the 22d lnst.
■ ♦ ■ 1
Sarah Smith's Will.
The will of Saran A. Smith, who died
September 6, has been filed for probate.
Decedent bequeaths $1000 to William
Smith, her grandson; $1000 to Irving H.
Smith, a grandson: $.V» to Marie Smith
Ladd, a daughter, and $1000 to Sadie Irene
Smith, a granddaughter.
ALAMEDA COUNTY
NEWS BREVITIES
OAKLAND. Sept. 14.— Rev. Charles R.
Brown, pastor of the First Congregation
al Church, has issued a new book, entitled
"The Main Point; a Study in Christian
Belief." It is made up of ten sermons on
the general theme of "The Message of
Modern Orthodox."
The Coroner's jury at the inquest of
Rinaldo Risi. the child killed by the Four
teenth-street electric cars last Tuesday,
brought in a verdict of accidental death.
This afternoon a child aged 6 years was
struck by a car at Fourteenth and Wash
ington Btreets. but the fender saved its
life.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA. Sept. 14.— Miss Charlotte
Ledyard Frier of 2117 Santa Clara avenue
and Richard Going Manifold ot San Fran
cisco were married this evening at 8
o'clock at Christ Episcopal Church.
There will be a meeting of the teachers
and parents of the pupils of the Encinal
School at 3 o'clock to-morrow afternoon.
The principal topic of discussion will be
that of "Co-operation."
The funeral of Fred Alton was held this
afternoon at 2 o'clock from the residence,
corner of Park street and San Antonio
avenue. Rev. F. S. Brush preached the
funeral sermon. Aiton died In Alaska
about a year ago.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, Sept. 14.— The felony
charges which led to the arrest of two i
! Berkeley boys. W. Hartkop and E. Buck- i
I ley, have been dropped upon the advice of I
the District Attorney. It was founnd that
the boys are scarcely 16 years of age, and
the charge against thf-m has been
changed to that of malicious mischief.
Dr. Mary B. Ritter and Dr. Shuey will
address a meeting of the Associated
Women Students to-morrow morning at '
i 11:15 o'clock in North Hall, on the univer- ;
I slty campus.
POSTAGE 0M SUNDAY CALL
SUNDA V CATTwrapped ready
for mailing — postage 2c to ail
points in United States, Canada
and Mexico, and 4c to all for-
eign points.
HURRICANE IN
WEST INDIES
Eight Hundred People
Left Homeless.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. THOMAS, D. V- X, Sept. 14.—Ad
vices received -at St. Kitts to-day from
the inland of Anguilla, one of the Brit
ish West India islands. Leeward group,
say that a hurricane during the night
of September 8 destroyed 200 houses and
rendered 800 people homeless.
There was considerable loss of prop
erty and similar damage at St. Martin.
MADDEN ON HIS DEFENSE.
The Teamster Tells a Plain Story
About His Connection With
Ruby Raymond.
John F. Madden, the teamster for E.
Martin & Co., wholesale liquor dealers,
who was charged with attempting to'
"fix" the case of Ruby Raymond, the
: woman from Sari Jose accused of taking
two girls, Daisy Miller and Nathalie Dan
forth, under Is years of age. to San Jose
I for Immoral purposes, appeared before
: Judge Mogan yesterday.
Madden told a straightforward story.
i He said he had received a letter from a
! friend in San Jose to help the woman in
I securing an attorney to help her. He
I knew Mack, and when Ruby called at his
; house Monday night he went with her to
Mucks office. There she gave him $150 as
: part payment of his fee to defend her.
Nothing was ever said about "fixing" the
! case, and if the defendant said otherwise
she lied.
The Judge asked that the woman should
be placed on the stand, but Mack objected
i to her testifying, as she was a defendant.
The Judge was indignant, and said that
if anybody had tampered with the case
he would punish him and would also
1 take the matter before the Grand Jury.
! He did not like the assertion that any one
could "fix" a case in his court, and he
was determined to sift the -matter to the
bottom. He ordered Madden to be in at
, tendance in his court tiil the case against
j the woman Raymond was disposed of.
; The case will come up this morning.
SAM BEAUNHART IN COURT.
He Is Instructed and Arraigned on
the Perjury Charge and the
Case Is Continued.
Samuel Braunhart, Port Warden, was
nervous and excited in Judge Graham's
court yesterday as he sat alongside of hia
attorney, Garret McEnerney. to answer to
the charge of perjury preferred against
him by ex-Senator Dunn.
When the case was called he stood up
and was Instructed and arraigned by the j
Judge. McEnerney at once asked that an [
immediate hearing of the case should be :
had, but as he had to attend to a case
in Judge Coffey's equrt he asked that the !
-nould go on in the evening.
Prosecuting Attorney Wentworth said
he knew nothing about the facts in the j
case, as he believed that special counsel
bad been engaged to prosecute. He was
therefore unprepared to proceed.
At this stage Attorney McGregor ap
peared and Bald that Senator McGowan
bad been engaged to conduct the prosecu
tion, but as he was engaged In one of trte
Superior Courts he would ask fur a con
tinuance.
Dunn was called upon and in answer to
McEnerney said that McGowan could not
be present as he was engaged elsewhere. |
He had talked with him, and he had said j
that he would prosecute the case.
After further discussion the Judge in- i
timated that he would centinue the case |
till this morning, and if agreeable to the
prosecution he Would tix tne hearing for
this evening.
AT THE CHUTES
High. Divers Harmon and Seabuxy
Create a Sensation by Their
Daring Feats.
There was a large attendance at tne
Chutes last night, the principal attraction
being the high diving of Harry Harmon
and S. Forest Seabury, who are said to
be the champions of the world at that
particular form of athletic exercise.
A tdatform had been erected about .85
feet high near the scenic railway depot,
and from its top the two men performed
what is called the layout dive and did it
to the satisfaction and admiration of the
hundreds of spectators, performing a
somersault in their long descent into the
tank, which was about v eight feet deep.
They were loudly cheered for their dar
ing and clever act.
Besides the divers there was the usual
amateur show and the crowds that filled,
the theater were well rewarded for their
time and patience. One of the chief fea
tures was the fat women's boxing contest
and it afforded the greatest amusement
to the spectators. Adgie and her per
forming lions were also a great attrac
tion.
■ « ■
RETURNED TO SAN JOSE.
Police Believe That Wong Hing, the
Murderer, Has Deserted
This City.
The police have been working for the
past few days endeavoring to apprehend
Wong Hlng, the San Jose criminal who
fired three shots at Ah Fong and Ah
Yum in Chinatown on Tuesday afternoon.
They have searched the Chinese quarter
from end to end. but the wily shooter has
disappeared as mysteriously as he did
after using his revolver on Lee Ong Poon
and Deputy Sheriff Mackay in San Jose.
Sergeant Duke and posse, -who have
been engaged in the search, discovered
that Hing had entered a building on
Spofford alley, where the shooting oc
curred, in which are contained a number
of highbinder headquarters, and passed
out over a roof to Waverly place, and
made his escape. The officers have come
to the conclusion that the man has re
turned to San Jose and have notified the
police of the Garden City, who will keep
a watch .for him. ■ .
■ ♦ ■
DEAD FOR THREE DAYS.
John Cunningham, who was at one time
a capitalist in San Francisco, was found
dead in his room by neighbors about 6
o'clock last evening. The man had evi
dently been dead for about three days.
Dr. Potts, who attended the deceased,
says that he had been suffering from
heart failure for some time and is not
surprised at the fact that he was found
dead. Cunningham formerly owned ex
tensive property in this city, but the last
piece and the house in which he lived was
recently mortgaged to a bank for $12.00u.
It was about to be sold, after which the
man, who was 71 years of age, would have
been left penniless.
Reception to Y. M. I. Volunteers.
The members of the Young Men's Insti
tute among the California Volunteers wiil
be banqueted by the board of manage
ment. Y. M. L, at Pioneer Hall next Sat
urday evening.
Covers will be laid for 400. Besides the
volunteers, the invited guests will include
the Governor. Mayor Phelan and other
prominent city and State officials, the
supreme president of the organization
and prominent people in local church and
institute circles. Rev. Father McKinnon
and Mayor Phelan will be among the
speakers". The banquet will be preceded
by a grand concert.
In the Divorce Court.
Minnie A. Vecki has been granted a di
vorce from Victor G. Vecki on the gTound
of infidelity. Valentine Leyva has se
cured a divorce from Laura Leyva on the
ground of cruelty. Harriet A. H. Sharp
has sued W. T. Sharp for divorce, al
leging desertion as cause of complaint.
May Agnes Granfield asks for a divorce
from John J. Granrield on the ground of
failure to provide.
.■ m •
Supervisor Lackmann Indorsed.
At a meeting of delegates to \ne Repub
lican convention from the Forty-third As
sembly District, held on Tuesday even
ing, at the office of Dr. A. D. McLean. 123
Ellis street. Supervisor John Lackmann
was unanimously indorsed as a candidate
for Sheriff.
.; "Cars stop here," this is the sign
The Market-st. Railway wish to define.
Pegamoid Aluminum does it for them;
| Opposite "Call Bldg." 'ti« * gem.
THE EMPORIUM.
{ Western Refinery Granulated Sugar- ;
* Friday and Saturday Only, 21 lbs for $1.00. *
*.: ■ <
* *
t $6.45 Golf SOcOvershirtsf^X J
» CapeS, Jj^~^ shirts ;or neat new fall ette ov- *
J . *^ ? S/)!p~~ erihirts for men, neat new fall patterns,
* $4.75. &z£sfc% i " ht or m?d.nrn colors, tie wfll-known
* JzH^&r ' "Sunset" 'make, do batter 50c ov*3r3hirt3 <
V N?w Golf Cap??, 1/435? m As, extension nee i- binds, yokes sus- ♦
* bo:y of ope plan ;g&%g^ feted, etc.. ev?ry seam double sewn, a'l *
* coth. h oi. reveres /f - ize3 « 14l > to 17 ' regularly 50c— this- J
* and lining in petty < M i ; da J ™? ~ 3 * G «
! * plaids, in the new- \Wj j \\ J
_ e-t combinat : on o:* oi%(\ U \\ Popular Tnft b!^ mu?ic d: P art " 4
J color.ngs, regularly g£ H| 5 Rffgjaif _?Ur» m * Bt fl on 3e^" *
* |6.45-todavo^v.. nJftl >LJk MUSIC, *UC. on i floor of- «
» a- _j_ J/p-' . . ers. tor Fn 'ay on-.y, seven of the best 4>
I a> ***■■**• selling pieces of the day at th very 4 1
I ; ' ■■:'* ' . special rrice. each 20c < .
* fi&j«? ILSZ Goif v._p. m "She W.'as Bred in Old Kentucky." _|
X &Om*+O inOif .New Lam- » O h Promise Me." *
.« _-,_••• -r _ e"t's Hair "Hands Across the Sea"— Sousa's lat- <!
; * SkirtS, $4.45. G , f : ..|g c^^l; Art Mine." |
!•> Skirts, large VS> "The Song- of Liberty Ball." V
, wurra, i.rge /*^S^ | "Ttosie C. *
; ;^» plaids, closed ' ' • / of\ ! "Caprice Bohemia," Hf
* plait back, but- RX $<^A —————
* toned on side, |xS%M . Cut GISSS J
bright and at- 6?>^Cv^JTa Bowl, 83c. I
•• tractive color- fyyT /f^ps<A _ , _ ' .
I in, velveeen fifN^in Rch Hungarian J
* X velve.een. C ut G as* Fruit fig^TO 7^?*? 5
. J binding regu- Bw, 8 inches EC_S3P_W *
» larlysb.4o;-pe- /<|^>^_*_?^\ in meter, quad- \^^~ i : \y; y f ♦
? cial to-day only. C -^V < v s p^^^*^ / ruple silver-plated I^. . «•
fr $4:45 —^^ staid — on sale for 5
' . h ; s day on'y, liE^-Ssi *•
J Children's Cot o ; 0 ' 4611 •-•!!! * ?
* 2Oc Hose, 13c. Hose, Boys' $2.50 %
! * lxl ribbed, mcd urn weignt, double knees, _•_.'. . V*
* silk finished and guarantee 1 fast b;acic, &U)tS, v <*
J an extra good 20c value— for this day <£|f_.^£J_. >7 »i
I only, per pair f3oW» +*>' Suits for <V/ *
J ' F _^ I New Pall Suits for / < «
* ' J ,t , jboys Bto 15 years XWr\ • J
* Fine NeCk For to " da - y on y the ! old, double-breasted /\ V \ J>
» BUCkIeS, 16C. offers a s^g 311 serviceable,' (^M ° c b| . «
* manufacturer's line of Neck Buckles, neat -appearing cassi- \/)L Lo If ♦
_ made to retail at foe, 30e, 3Sc and 40c, meres m-dicm and >¥* i ['■ ♦
• » bought by us at I price which enables dark colorings, made W^-/ff ''/A *
'2us to lum- them into one big lot an j and y mei to give IT TJ % *
» mark them for this day only at the uni- : splen did weir, ; reg> J / «
» fcrm price, each *» c , ar ; $2.50— fo- this -Jj-j *,
* — day only $f-4S I M 1
* . ,_.
1 % Ladies' _~CS ! nunneries— Special Sales 1
» Collarettes &p\ f^.". 68 ft«?ig f
» For this day only we offer p? Granulated Sugar— For two J
j* 10 doz:n of our most de- £^&£fs day?, 21 Ids for $1.00 ?
* sirable $1.7'» Coijar- r^M^;;;^' Oni* $2 worth to a custom*-. *
» ? t?S v rh d r t v silk ''in J FMf Cherries in Marasauino- J
* prettry tnmmei tiea of j| M sari//nes-"D & G"-imported. .*-.. J
p, accordion plaited «ilk- n ,*J? . ° Zri'arl, 13c tin. for the 2 days-/Ob ♦
* each ....^/•I» l ~*'"*' l/af-er-Pliree-Excellent qu^litv. «
* regu >- 25c tin. for the 2 days- Iff O *
* Rna tina E * tra heav ( s Q3lit y c Whiskey-* the bess J
ft KOa M iff . y enameled j of a'!, regu.an;.- $! for the 2 J
* PanS, 32C. Biking or Roast- 1 days, case of dozen bottles..sJO-50
« n' Pans, 14 inches* .-quare. or ob'on?: Sin?!? bottles.. 93c
{ shape 15 IB ke. long, regularly 56- and Table Claret-tor popu.ar 40cner j
J 6-c each— sp cia. for this day 0n1y. 32c gallon quality, for the 2 days-...2f1c ♦
i ss^HmrpiiNwiijM^ 21 ' I
*„, ,  HB3^* ar»dl 1 number free
* 23Su2U Ool < len»«Beft a l<T i|forthe |
! * daily, 10 to 5. CALIFORniAS UX£5Tr- GRANDEST STORE, a^ing. <
a, " "■
i x "^. ' ' ' '
TRYING TO CLEAR OFF
THE MERCANTILE`S DEBT
Huntington's Donation— A Circular
Asking Aid of Subscribers to
; Increase Membership.
The Mercantile Library Association is
rapidly paying off the debt of the library
and expects that the institution will be
on a paying basis in a short time. The
last donation made to the association was
a check for $2000, the gift of C. P. Hunt
ington. With a few more donations of
this amount the entire debt will have be
come liquidated and every dollar received
thereafter will be expended in improving
the library- The association has also
issued a circular to every subscriber re
questing that he use his influence in se
curing two additional members, and in
this manner the Library Association may
become one of the strongest in the West.
C P,Huntington proffered the donation
to President Newhall some time ago and
the money was paid over yesterday. The
following communication was received
from New York directing the treasurer of
the Southern Pacific Company to advance
the amount of the donation:
Southern Pacific Company, Office of the Presi
dent, 23 Broad Street. New York, Septem
ber 8, 1599. . _, 
Mr N ' T Smith, Treasurer Southern Pacific
Company. San Francisco, Cal.: Dear Sir—
presentation of this order please pay to Mr.
George A. Newhall. president, or to the treas
urer of the Mercantile Library Association of
San Francisco, J two thousand dollars (J2COO),
and charge to my **£"*;£"!s&£%"
The following circular has been issued
to all members of the association:
Dear Sir— As a member of the Mercantile
Library Association interested in its welfare.
we ask if it is not possible for you to secure
two new members for the association.
We inclose herewith two blank applications
for membership and a stamped envelope in
which to return the new subscriptions secured.
A concerted effort on the part of the mem
bers should increase our membership from its
present number of 700 to over WOO— which, with
the contributions now .being received, will
quickly restore the association, with its mag
nificent library of 74,000 volumes, to a most
prosperous condition. •
The management will most cordially appre
ciate such consideration on your part. Yours
BinCere GEORGE A. NEWHALL. President.,
The circular is expected to bring forth
excellent results and many members have
signified 'their intention of working ener
getically to realize for the association its
expectations. The life membership will
also be largely increased and ten appli
cations for life certificates have been re
ceived These will be issued as soon as
the number of applications reaches twen
ty-five. The entire debt of the association
originally amounted to $60,000. .of which
about $10 000 has already been secured.
Obed Horr has been appointed assistant
to the president and is making a vigorous
effort 'to reduce the Indebtedness.
■ ; ■ ♦ ■ V ::'■"-
Insurance Men Banqueted.
The agents and assistants of the Pa
cific Mutual Life Insurance Company
were given a banquet" by the board of di
rectors at the Montgomery Cafe last
night. The presentation was in the na
ture of a testimonial for faithful services
rendered the company by its 'employes.
Previous to the banquet a meeting was
held in the company's offices at- which
the past year's work was reviewed and
the report of the secretary. Mr. Patton,
read by Mr. Miller, Mr. Patton being ill.
The report showed the company to be in
good financial condition, and after the
work for the future was mapped out
speeches were made by President Moore
and Superintendents Harwood, Wright
and Foster. •• . <>-.U. '■'
■ * ■
Yesterday's Insolvents.
Frederick Schluter and Mary C. Schlu
ter, his partner in the restaurant busi
ness in Mill Valley, filed a petition in in
solvency yesterday in the United States
District Court. Liabilities. 3341 61; as
sets, $300: individual liabilities. $740.
John Funk, butcher. Stockton, liabili
ties. $2136 87.
THE EMPORIUM.
ALL AILMENTS OF MEN CURED,
DR. METERS & CO. have the largest prac-
tice and best equipped medical institution
on the Pacific Coast. Established IT years.
PRIVATE BOOK and advice free at office
or by maiL All letters confidential.
731 Market St.. San Francisco.
000000000000000000
%r.«.F PALACE *■"■?%
% GRAND
*: SAN FRANCISCO. Q
** Connected by a covered passageway.
P 1400 Room'— 9oo w: h Bath Attached. °
I © All Under One Management. O
O NOTE THE PRICES: . O
O European Plan.* 1.00 per day and upward Q
-. American Plan. fS.OO per day and upward _
jw Correspondence Solicited. . **
O JOHN C. KiaSPATRICK. lui|ii O
OOOOOO POOP OOP P PP P O
Jvs-* OR JORDAN'S great^
{hoseuh OF ANATOMY^
T Hf The LaTgest Anatomical Mtuecm in the \
A j.^Jx^^ Wor.d. Weaknesses or any contracted M
¥ J^g»*J disease p<p»itl»'''j'e«r«ilhjr the oldest T
© «3S *!>peciali»c rathe Cc*»t tit. 36 y-ax?- O
ia*jt£ i OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
W&js&m Consultation frre and strictly pr-.v»!e \
1 jaVFj! Tr« ltment personally or by letter. A £
A Sr ?j| ■ fa*.tn* Curt in enery case undertalcen. T
l< 7 lie *:: IrB.iPHILOS«P»«tfi
I[l iT I4RDIAGE, MAILED TREE. !,lf
i |j 11. raluable book for mm) a
f J>K JORDA9T ACO. 1051 Market St.. S. F. ¥
j Ji? FAVORITE
IRESCRIPTION
JB. r~OR WEAKWOMEM. !
J^ggDß. HALL'S REIN VIGOR A TOR
3bß~MhB Five hundred reward for any
,jwn Klijj, case we cannot cure. This secret
if] .- . ; jj] remedy stops all losses in It
,"si£j EiSf hours, cures Emissions. Imp- >-
rJTfI »ii\f\ tency. Varlcocele, Gonorrhoea.
■sEa ¥r^ Gleet, Fits. Strictures. Lost
jP*s_-J«i* Manhood and all wasting effect*
"^ — ■ — — — • of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed, $2 bottle: 3 bottles. *■": guaranteed to
, cure any case. Address HALLS MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE Boa Broadway, Oakland, Cal. Also
: for sale at 10T3% Market St.. S. F. All private
diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
DR. GROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
For the cure of Gonorrhoea, Gleets. Strictures
; and analogous complaints of the Organs "of ■
! Generation.
I Price $1 a bottle. For sale by druggists.
Writl's Indian ¥eptal)le Pills
'-, Are acknowledged by thousands of persons "r
who have used them for forty years to cura
SICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS. CONSTI-
-1 PATION. Torpid Liver. Weak Stomach, Pirn- -
2 clem and ourl:> th* Mood.
56
|
FRIDAY SEPTEMBER 15, 1899
JSHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. ____
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager. .
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main ISCB.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main IST4.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mall, Including Postage:
r>AILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), one yenr $<».on
DAILY CALL, (Including Sunday Call), 6 months 8.00
IWILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 3 months ' — 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month , <*5o
SUNDAY CALL no Tear 1 -" ><>
WEEKLY CALL One Year 1 ■•00
All postmasters are authorised to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE : 908 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marqiiette Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT
C. C. CARLTON ~ .'.Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
PERRY LUKENS «JR 29 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
«J. L. ENGLISH. Correspondent.
. AMUSEMENTS.
Vaudeville.
Tivoll— "Lohengrin. "
Alcazar — "The Wage* of Sin."
Grand Opera-house— "Fatlnltaa."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Olympia, corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties. .
Sutro Baths— Swimming Races, etc.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Mechanics' Fair and Philippine Ex
hibit. •
THE TRANSVAAL.
THE proposition that our Government offer
mediation between England and the Boers
meets with no official favor. It serves, how
r, to bring the actual relation existing between
. and and that republic into general notice. The
tish Government has artfully concealed the nature
extent ot its suzerainty. By the treaty between
Great Britain and the Transvaal it was arranged that
in all external, international matters England
should be suzerain. This relation came up in the
of the Jameson raid. Several American citizens
were involved in that ambitious venture. They ap
d to our Government for relief, and we at once
referred their cases to Great Britain as the suzerain
■er in all international affairs. We received the
urance that the laws of the Transvaal should be
fairly enforced on the trial of our citizens and that
•uld be no denial of justice. The domestic
trnment of the republic proceeded to arraign
try the Americans. They were given every de
fensive advantage found in the local laws, were found
■y and sentenced to death. That sentence could
n executed, regardless of any protest and-in
dependent of any interference by this Government or
Great Britain. President Kruger commuted the death
sentence, and as a substitute a very heavy fine was
imposed and paid, and the men were set free and
rted from the country.
In a still more striking way England asknowledged
the absolute internal independence of the Transvaal
by condemning Rhodes for instigating the Jameson
raid and backing the Uitlanders in their revolutionary
proceedings.
Now, however, England has permitted enlargement
that her treaty rights are not limited to
suzerainty in international matters, but that she has
the power to dictate to the Boers in their internal
jMivernment and to demand that they give to British
subjects a vote and voice in the government of the
republic, without relinquishment of their allegiance
to Great Britain. She possesses no such right, and
were the Transvaal her equal in strength .would be far
from claiming it. Nothing but her superior might is
the motive for the making of a claim so absurdly for
eign to her treaty stipulations. But, no matter to
what extent she exceeds her just powers, we are in no
position to protest or to mediate. We have recently
. appeared in the field of exterior politics. We have
gone beyond our own shores, and have as a precedent
action made certain pledges to the world as to our
purposes. Those pledges in regard to Cuba and the
late possessions of Spain remain unfulfilled, and in
instances have been specifically violated. There is
in this country a vicious and carefully propagated
sentiment in favor of violating them all. England
has from the first ingeniously lured us into this posi
tion, for the reason that before we occupied it we
were the only nation that could forcibly and con
sistently protest to her in favor of the wronged and
the weak. We had no beam in our own eye, and had
the right to see the mote in hers. All this is changed
and our right of challenge of another Government is
subject to its right to offer interference in our own
dealings of a similar nature.
We have ceased to be the one power in the world
which, doing equity, could demand it. The change
that has come in the world's affairs since our change
of front and purpose is very significant and appalling
to the weaker peoples and powers. It has propa
gated the notion that a few strong nations have" the
right to divide the world among them, and that it
shall be divide, 1 , up among the United States, Eng
land, Russia and Germany.
Bonaparte set out to make the Continent all
French, and declared that it was destiny that it should
be French or Cossack. His idea was only a little
more monopolistic than the current cult. It is to be
regretted that we have abandoned our moral position
and that the nations of this hemisphere begin to look
upon us with the same suspicion and aversion that
have been felt against England for generations.
There appears to be now a chance that war between
England and the Boers may be averted, but only by
a surrender to Great Britain in matters that she his
no right to control and by concessions so offensive
that they are only yielded in the face of overwhelming
and destructive force.
And so Edna Wallace Hopper, who. since her di
vorce from the fickle Dc Wolf, is known among her
fi ; r;:rls as the "grass Hopper," is not to marry Jockey
Tod Sloan. Mamma Wallace says "Never!"
The dispatches announce that two Filipino briga
diers and a bunch of colonels want to be captured.
■ rai Otis ought to bait a few traps in the neigh
borhood of Manila.
\ violent hurricane has been raging in the Ber
mudas. Breaths from the loveliest onion patches in
the world will soon be wafting around the world.
PHILIPPINE NEWS.
THE statement by Commissioner Schurman, an.d
the interview with General Reeve published |
exclusively in The Call, give some information j
: of genuine value to the American people. Schurman
affirms the advanced civilization of the Filipinos and ,
their industrial capacity. He professes great conli
dence in the people and much sympathy for their as
pirations. His statement presents certain contradic- |
dictions, due to the pressure of his official undertak
ing. He finds great difficulty in the way of their in
dependence because they are not a nation.
When our forefathers revolted against .England
I they were not a nation. The thirteen colonies had lio
1 i tie except a common racial origin. Each existed
1 j under a separate Royal Charter granted by the Sov
-1 ! ereign of England. They united only in the desire
for independence and self-government, and had no !
common civil bond until after the revolution sue- .
ceeded. That bond, in the old Confederation, was j
very slight and did not create a nation. That act was ;
deferred for six years after the treaty of peace. We I
did not establish nationality and a common Federal j
authority without rebellion, resistance and outbreaks, j
and the issues arising in the national interpretation |
of the Federal constitution were not finally settled
until we had fought the most sanguinary civil -war
ever known, seventy-two years after we attempted to
form a more perfect nationality under the constitu
tion. In the light of our own history Professor
Schurman's objection to Philippine nationality be- !
cause it is not a nation now is very considerably j
modified. His ascription to the people of the quali- j
ties of intelligence, fidelity and virtue is an answer j
to the persistent attempt to represent them as unde
serving savages.
General Reeve makes a still more important con- [
tribution to the stock of information on the subject, j
He found the Filipinos enlightened, orderly, indus
i trious and ambitious. They were modest in their as
i piration for self-government and desirous of. the
suzerainty of the United States in their international |
affairs, while in their domestic concerns they desired j
! I independence and self-povernmtnt. He affirms that
• throughout Luzon. Panay, Negros and Cebu the
, native government preserved order and ruled justly
from the time they conquested those islands, a year I
ago last July. His emphatic language on this subject j
should smite the truth into the conscience of those j
editors who are calling them bandits.
The fact appears proved that no conquerors ever
took their victory with more temperance and absten
tion from outrage on private and property rights than
J these Filipinos, to whom, under the laws of nations \
and of war, the sovereignty of the islands passed by
conquest more than a year ago.
General Reeve is emphatic in the opinion that the
present war of conquest was unnecessary. Looking
at the general facts of the situation this opinion is
j justified. We have treated with the Mahometan Sul- j
' tan o-f the Stilus and have paid him a salary to ac
-1 knowledge our sovereignty while we have left the in
! ternal administration of his country untouched. In
( other words, we have agreed that the Mahometan
Stilus are qualified for domestic independence and
self-government. In the case of the millions of
Christians on the islands of Luzon, Panay, Negros j
and Cebu. we by proclamation denied them the same
rights so freely conceded, with a salary on the side,
to the Mahometans. This places us in the attitude
df claiming that centuries of Christianity have di>- ,
qualified the Christian Malays for self-government, ]
while centuries of Itdam have qualified the Mahom- I
i etan Malays for self-government!
Throughout the East the preference given to
i Mahometanism by the United States will have its
j effect. To our mind no more serious blow could be I
struck at the efforts of Christian missionaries in Asia.
Police Surgeon Heintz seems to be a sensitive
plant from the backwoods. He has posted a bulletin
warning reporters away from the Receiving Hospital
operating-room. The suspicion is well grounded that
Heintz fears that his methods are not up to the metro
politan standard.
THE SHAMROCK TRIAL RUNS.
WHILE the Columbia continues to be a strong
favorite in betting circles, the reports that
come from New York concerning the Sham
rock tend to the conclusion that the American yacht
has by no means such a sure thing as one would sup
pose from the reports of the odds offered by her sup-
J. porters.
The results of the trial trips made by the Shamrock
show that she will probably give the Columbia a hard
race in almost any kind of weather, and that with
strong winds she will have a very good chance to win
if she be properly handled. Commenting upon her ap
pearance and performances the New York Sun says:
"This and that about the Shamrock have produced
the impression that she is more of a novelty than her
predecessors, and that the strong hope unquestionablj
cherished by her owner is that the new ideas in her
will work. She carries the greatest of rigs to drive
her in case the air is light, and, it is believed, the
heaviest of weights at the bottom of the deepest of
; keels to hold her sails up to the wind in case it blows.
As an attempt at np all-round boat she outstrips all
for boldness in design."
It is to be noted, moreover, that those who watched
the trials of the challenger speak in admiration of the
skill pf her captain and her crew. It is therefore not
likely we shall be able to profit by any great su
periority in that respect. Taken altogether the con
clusion from the reports must be that the two yachts
are not far from an equality of merit, and that the
reason why such odds are given against the challenger
is that the American is a bolder bettor than the Briton
and is in this instance betting very largely on pa
triotism.
An unclean bird would be a strikingly appropriate
advertising sign for the Oakland undertakers who,
more than once, have fought like human buzzards for
the possession of the bodies of the dead.
A SIGN OF PROSPERITY.
REPORTS from Chicago are to the effect that
passenger traffic on Western roads centering in
that city has reached a point where it surpasses
the World's Fair records. It is stated that several
times during the past few weeks the stations of
Chicago have received larger crowds of passengers
than on any single day of the great fair, not excepting
those which were made specially attractive by some
conspicuous event of the exposition.
Furthermore, it is stated the large traffic is not due
to excursion or suburban travel, but to the passenger
lists of the regular trains. According to the report:
"Roads like the Grand Trunk are now running their
regular trains in two sections into Chicago. These
trains are running with an nverage of seventy passen
gers to a coach, and some in the aisles in many in
stances. Saturday night at the Polk-street depot, be
tween 8 and n o'clock, over 3000 passengers passed
through the gates. The same crush is visible at the
Union station. The, east and west roads have ajl the
THE SAIS FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 15. 1899.
passenger business they can comfortably handle. Be
tween 20.000 and 25,000 passengers a day was
considered a comfortable crowd at the Union station
in 1893, but as many are now being handled, and on
days of special trains the past records are surpassed."
Of course the explanation of this immense. passen
ger travel, whi(jh is noted in other large cities of the
East as well as in Chicago, is the prevailing prosper
ity of the country- The people this year can. afford
to travel. Residents of the cities have had vacations
in the country, and the farmers with their families are
visiting the cities. The crops have been good, prices
are fair, business is booming, and a general spirit of
satisfaction prevails.
There are good reasons for believing the large pas
senger travel to and from the pleasure resorts and
metropolitan centers of the East during the. sum
mer and the fall will be followed by a correspond
ingly large travel westward to California and south
ward to Florida later in the season. The winter re
sorts of the country will be as well patronized as the
summer resorts have been. The outlook for the
tourist trade of the coming season is therefore excel
lent, and it is probable our noted hotels will do a
record-breaking business.
With such prospects ahead it will be worth while
for Californians to be more than usually energetic
in advertising the attractiveness of the various sec
tions of the State. While this is decidedly the best
winter climate in the United States, the State is to
some extent handicapped by its remoteness from the
centers of population in the East and by the lavish
advertising given to the Florida resorts by the big
companies which own the hotels there. It will prob
ably pay us well this winter to make special efforts
to attract tourists. When passenger travel is sur
passing the records of the World's Fair year at
Chicago it is time to turn it in our direction if pos
sible.
An irritable bill collector of San Rafael has indi
cated an unkind desire to perforate several news
paper men who have angered him. He should not
forget that jaw practice never perforates.
r~X IRI'XTORS Gedge and Conlon, members of
; ) the Supply Committee of the Board of Edu
— cation, took occasion at the meeting of the
board on Wednesday evening to deny that there had
been any fraud or corrupt collusion between either of
them and any bidder for the contracts for furnishing
the school supplies.
The denial of Director Conlon was made with the
indefinite fluency of extempore speech, but that of j
Director Gedge was more orderly and formal, being
expressed in a written communication denying that he
had received $2000 for assisting in the award of con
tracts to certain firms which he named, and denying
hlso having had the specifications changed. He sub- |
mitted letters from the firms' named, and also one)
from the secretary of the board, supporting his deniab. j
His communication closed with a request that the I
board investigate the charges. After some consider- |
ation the board decided the investigation could, be j
better made by the Grand Jury, and accordingly a j
resolution' was adopted requesting that body to in- ;
vestigate and pledging the board to offer the Grand !
Jury every facility to get at the truth of the whole \
matter.
The action taken by the board is right. An inves- |
tigation by the board itself would not be satisfactory
to the people. The matter is one that should be in
quired into by the Grand Jury — a body that can
gather information given under oath, that has author- [
ity to bring indictments against the accused parties if
found guilty. Moreover, the Grand Jury is an im
partial body, while the Board of Education is too
closely identified with its own Committee on Sup
plies to be properly fitted for conducting such an ex
amination as is required in this case.
The Call has made it known that Director Gedge
informed at least one reputable citizen that the sum
of $2000 was paid to him for conceding certain advan
tages to a firm of bidders for the contract for fur- [
nishing school supplies, and also that he had given
$800 of the money to Director Conlon, who. accord
ing to the story told by Genge, was a party to the deal.
Such is the evidence now before the public. An
investigation is imperative, but the Board of Educa
tion has done well in referring the matter to the
Grand Jury. That is the right course.
COLOR LINE IN POLITICS.
QNE of the State campaigns now under way
which is of national importance is that in
North Carolina, where an attempt is being
made to bring about the adoption of an amendment
to the constitution which will virtually eliminate the
black vote of the State for the rest of this generation.
The proposed amendment requires an educational
qualification for the right of suffrage, but it exempts
from the requirement all voters who are lineal
descendants of men who were voters in the United
States prior to 1867. The exemption, it will be seen,
includes all white men, but bars negroes. Conse
quently the illiterate white will continue to be a voter
even if the amendment be adopted, but the illiterate
negro will be deprived of suffrage.
The plan is similar to that already adopted ill
Mississippi and South Carolina. It is a part of a
movement which has been spreading throughout the
Southern States, and may yet be adopted by all of
them. It is said the people of Virginia and West
Virginia- and even those of Maryland are giving the
subject much consideration, and success in North
Carolina may lead to the adoption of the plan in
those States.
According to reports from North Carolina it ap
pears the amendment will be carried by a sweeping
majority. Strangely enough a considerable number
of white Republicans are said to be in favor of it", and
one of the ablest of their leaders, Thomas Settle, an
ex-Representative in Congress, is quoted as having
declared it to be "the one and wisest solution of the
most difficult problem now confronting the people
of North Carolina and other Southern States, irre
spective of race or politics."
The matter of national importance in the issue is
the effect such wholesale restriction of suffrage in the
South will have upon the apportionment of Repre
sentatives in Congress after the next census. There
were in 1890 something more than 1,750,000 colored
men of voting age in the United States, and in ißq6
they were allowed by law to exercise the franchise
everywhere except in Mississippi and South Caro
lina. Since that time Louisiana has adopted a consti
tutional provision which debars most of them in that
State from voting, and now North Carolina seems
about to follow the example.
It is not likely the people of the North will be will
ing to concede to the South representation in Con
gress upon the whole of her population when up
ward of one half of it is excluded from the exercise
of the franchise. The issue will not arise until ths
time comes for apportioning Representatives after the
census of next year, but it will be sure to arise then,
and is being already discussed among far-sighted poli
ticians. •
THE RIGHT COURSE.
AN EXCHANGE OF COURTESIES.
—St. Paul Pioneer Press.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Dr. F. F. Upham, r] well-known physi
cian of Dixon, is at the Grand s
Lieutenant A. Ohln, U. S. A., was one of
yesterday's arrivals at the Occidental.
J. S. Mcßride, a wealthy mining man
of San Juan, is registered at the Lick.
L. H. Griffith, a wealthy banker from
Seattle, is a recent arrival at the Grand.
Judge E. E. Gaddis, the prominent
Woodland jurist, Is among the arrivals at
the Lick.
State Senator J. C. Sims has come down
from his Santa Rosa home and is a. guest
at the Lick.
Fred Searls, the Nevada City capital
ist, is a guest at the Palace, where he ar
rived last evening.
Sir Thomas Tancred, an English gen
tleman traveling for pleasure, Is regis
tered at the Palace.
Robert Devlin, a prominent merchant
of Sacramento, is registered at the Occi
dental with his wife.
Mr. and Mrs. S. V. McClatchy have
come down from Sacramento and are
staying at the California.
A. Musto, one of the leading merchants
of Stockton, is registered at the Grand.
He is on a business trip to this city.
Rev. Wells M. Partridge, a missionary
from Alaska, is a guest at the Occident
al. He arrived yesterday morning from
Seattle.
J. C. Bull Jr. of Arcata, who is con
structing the new breakwater at Eureka,
arrived in the city yesterday and went to
the Lick.
Dr. A. W. Peckham. one of the leading
physicians of Philadelphia, is at the Pal
ace, where he will remain for the next
few days.
The Occidental is decorating itself to
give a military reception to a stranger
from the south. No one seems to know
who he is.
Among those to arrive from the East
last evening and registered at the Cali
fornia was Edmond Michotte, commis
sioner of the Royal Belgian Museum. He
is accompanied by his wife and family.
The hotel clerks at the different hostef
ries nearly had heart failure last evening.
The overland arrived on time for the first
time in something over a month. No
reason can be assigned for this phfnom
enal feat other than Manager Krutf
schnitt must have made another mistake
and done something, to let the Southern
Pacific employes know he is alive.
Francis Lee, the electrical expert who
has conferred so much honor on his Stan
ford alma mater by his achievements in
the world of electrical science, leaves in a
few days for a visit to the East and Can
ada. He goes to sign a very important
contract, and carries with him the beet
wishes of the numberless warm, friends
he has made, both during his college ca
. reer and his active life as a San Francisco
business man.
George Borrowe, son of Captain Bor
rowe of the Anti-Caloric- Company, is vis
iting his parents at their country home in
Sausnllto. Young Mr. Borrowe went forth
to seek his fortune in South Africa some
years ago. He succeeded so well through
his energy and ability that now, though
very young, ho is one of the highest sala
ried men in the African mining business
and is considered an authority on all mat
ters pertaining to that country. Besides
his salary Mr. Borrowe has succeeded in
accumulating an independent private for
tune.
CALIFORNIA'S IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Sept. 14.— Henry H. Nes
blt and wife of San Francisco are at the
St. Denis. John DeWitt Nesbit of Los
Angeles is at the St. Denis. S. H. Fried
lander of San Francisco is at the Nor
mandJe.
DUMB ANIMALS' FRIENDS.
The Society's Lady Members Pre-
paring a Fine Entertainment.
The ladies interested in the organiza
tion of the bands of mercy of this city
have decided to give an entertainment in
the second week of November. The or
ganizers are all members of the Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals
and their mission is to educate the young
sters to be kind to dumb animals. That
they have been successful Is apparent
from the fact that nearly every pupil in
the public schools is a member of one
of the bands. In order to give a tangible
evidence of membership they concluded
to furnish all who belong to the bands
with a badge. A? these cost money the
entertainment was arranged to ruise
funds, and from appearances it will be a
financial and social success.
At a meeting of the ladies yesterday
reports were made by the several com
mittees to the effct that excellent talent
can be had. Several artists from the
Orpheum will assist in the entertainment
and Rabbi Voorsanger. ex-Congressman
Maguire and others will speak. It is be
lieved that the exercises will be opened
by Mayor Phelan. The ovent is to take
place in Metropolitan Temple.
HE HAS ONE FRIEND.
Mecheli's Fish-Catching Dog Would
Follow Him to Jail.
The up-country Judges have no use for
men who violate the fish and game laws,
for when one comes before them the sen
tence is usually severe. E. Mecheli, the
Italian who was arrested' for killing fish
in Russian River by the use of dynamite,
was taken to T'kiah. where he pleaded
guilty before a Justice of the ppace. As
the Superior Court was in session he was
taken before that tribunal and again ac
knowledging his guilt was sentenced to
pay a fine of $250 or serve 125 days in the
County Jail. This was the follow who
was assisted in his illegal business by a
large black dog. which retrieved the dead
fish from the water for his master.
Deputy Vogelsang had no little difficulty
in slipping the prisoner away from the
dog at Cloverdale',. the faithful animal
seeming determined to follow his owner
even to prison. If Mecheli is unable to
raise the money to pay the fine it is be
lieved that the "officers "will allow the dog
to share Its master's imprisonment.
LATEST STORIES
of the
FUNNY MAN.
She Wasn't the Girl.
Denny— The gur-rul thot Oi marry must
be loike foine silk.
Nora — An' how is thot?
Denny— Not shrink whin it comes to
washing.— Chicago News.
Beard and Bacilli.
The man with the stunning brown beard
At the bacteriologists sneered,
"What! Whiskers breed germs?
Bah!" Yet rumor affirms
That he with the fair sex is queered..
—Detroit Journal.
The Ethics of the Case.
Clara — I suppose now that I have broken
off the engagement I should return his
presents.
Maud—Not necessarily. I should cer
tainly wait until I was engaged to some
one else.— Detroit Free Press.
No Distance Specified.
Columbus Journal
Swellguy— You say you'll guarantee this
horse to trot in 2:40?
Horse Dealer— Yes. sir.
Swellguy— You mean a mile In 2:40?
Horse Dealer— Well. I didn't name any
distance, sir; but he'll go as far as he can
in 2:40.
The Fool and His Money.
Indianapolis Journal.
"The fool and his money"— the oracular
border began.
"Are soon married," interrupted the
savage bachelor.
Strategy.
Catholic Standard and Times.
Wife— Dear me! How are we ever to
get through this crowd?
Husband— Raise your umbrella and walk
ahead. I'll follow.
"'■SUNDAY' B CALL"" |
—_ ■ . . j — . ZZ- ■:
WHAT TWO CALIFORNIA WOMEN HAVE
DONE FOR EDUCATION. .
The Ten Prize Babies of the Mechanics' Institute
-.- Baby Show.
■ ■ ■ ' •• ■ ,
;
HOW NEW YORK WILL WELCOME DEWEY. .
Will the Chinese Control Politics sAM FRANCISCO
. in San Francisco? , % BELLES Cr
Read what politicians say about it. __' " _
Rca< wh« ___ sayato lt OF LONG AGO. .
• What the interior of , eW.dd- Solo^t;t^.*
Biggest Beet-Sugar Refinery ever printed in a San
Looks Like. t Francisco daily.
A WOMAN'S THRILLING ADVENTURE IN
THE YOSEMITE.
Most Exciting Chapters from Stephen Crane's Story,
"Active Service/
THE FUNNIEST BEAR STORY OF THE YEAR. -
A 1 I BIG FEATURE STORIES IN NEXT '
■;;•••■• LL SUNDAY'S CALL.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
SEATTLiE FIRE — Subscriber, City.
What is known as the great fire of Seat
tle occurred on June 6, 18S9.
NEW YORK SEVENTH— H. M. 8.,
City. There is no such organization as
the "New York Seventh of Regulars."
consequently this department cannot tell
of "its present whereabouts and where
it was during the Cuban campaign."
AN ESTATE— W. 1.., City. In the set
tling of an estate in California, the court
may. up<>n a proper showing that it is
for the best interest that the property be
sold, order it Bold, and a legal deed will
pass; but before such action is taken by
the court all parties in interest are noti
fied of the proposed action.
TO REMOVE RUST— A. S., City. The
following is given as a recipe for the
removal of rust from nickel-plated war* :
Cover the stains with oil or grease for a
few days: then remove rust by rubbing
with a little ammonia. If this doee not
remove the rust, try very dilute hydro
chloric acid, and when dry polish with
tripoli or whitening.
RIGHT TO ATTACH— Writer, Alameda,
Cal. Not being informed by your letter
of inquiry In what State the party ob
tained a judgment by default It is impos
sible to tell if the Individual would have
a right to attach the property of the party
against whom the judgment was obtained.
Bill the toils of the road will seem nothing
When I get to the end of the road
can be found.
COTTON AND STEEL RAILS— J. 8.
If.. City. "Commerce and Finance of the
United States." a Government publication,
does not show tha/l any cotton or steel
rails were imported from Mexico Into the
United States during the year 1898. but on
the contrary It shows That during that
year there wafi exported from the United
States into Mexico cotton unmanufac
tured of th" value of $1. 321. 173 and manu
factured to the amount of $415,910.
Cal. glace fruit T>oc per tt> at Townsend a. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Presf. Clipping 1 Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
" Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup "
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, regu
lates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by druggists in every
p;*rt of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs,
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
HOTEL, DEL .CORONADO-Take advantage
of the round trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at ho
tel; longer, slay, $2 50 per day. Apply at ' New
Montgomery street,. San Francisco.LUCKY CZARINA
PICKED UP THE
DERELICT RAFT
Found It Northwest of
Point Reyes.
SHIPPING MEN ARE DELIGHTED
GRAVE MENACE TO NAVIGATION
HAS BEEN REMOVED.
Movements of Transports — Steamer
Men Marry — Pilot Short
of Coal Accidents on the
Front Notes.
The tig log raft 'hat has been such a
menace to navigation for a week past
la on its way Into port. It was sighted
a.t 4:30 a. m. yesterday thirty miles north
west of Point Reyes in tow of a steamer,
presumably the Czarina. At the hour
named the steamer North Fork was mak
ing her way through the fog from Eure
ka to San Francisco. There was a good
eight-knot breeze blowing and a heavy
swell from the northwest made things
lively. Captain Bash did not see the raft
until those on the steamer towing it burnt
a flare-up. From the general appearance
of the steamer he took her to be the
Czarina, and so reported as soon as he
docked at Mission-street wharf.
The northwest swell was going down
rapidly when the raft was sighted from
the North Fork and incoming vessels re
port that outside yesterday it was almost
a dead calm. In that event the Czarina
and her heavy tow should reach here this
afternoon if all goes well. It will be a
relief to everybody when once the un
wieidly affair is safe in port. The steamer
Walla" Walla, me ship Oriental and the
bark Terris Bj Thompson all had narrow
escapes from running into it.
The.tug Reliance was coaled last night
and went out to assist the Czarina in tow
ing the raft into port. Captain Seaman
of the collier must have done som« lever
work in picking up the hawser of the
raft. There was about sixty fathoms Oi
chain and then about 100 fathoms of a
mar.ila hawser attached to one end or the
structure. In order to secure this a
grappling line had to b« passed under the ,
raft ana towed along until it caught in ;
the towing line. This operation must
have been successfully pertormed by
Captain Seaman and his crew. - »-
The transport Belgian King will sail
to-day with troops tor Manila, and the
Aztec and Centennial will gt-t away to
morrow with horses arid supplies. As
soon as the Belgian King departs the
Sheridan will come in from the stream
uftd be fitted out. Chief Engineer Rich
ard A. Dominguez of the Aztec wtll leave
his tride behind him when the steamer
sail* A few days ago he was married in
Reno. Nev.. to " Miss Altagracia Perez.
Chief Domineuez is a native son, and yes
terday a large contingent of "the boys
were down to. congratulate him.
Another water-front benedict is Andrew
Anderson, chief officer of the steamer
B^-tha. On Wednesday nicht he was
married to Miss Gustava Pedersen. but
many of his friends have not yet learned
of the fact.
The Puget Sound tug Pilot, with the
barge Colorado In tOW, had to put into
Grays Harbor yesterday for coal. The
Pilot left here on the sth inst.. and prob
ably had to face a strong northwest
breeze all the way up the coast. With
an empty barge in tow this was probably
hard work and the coal gave out. The
Colorado carries coal for the Dunsmuirs.
The Britl.ih ship Manchester arrived in
Port Townsend yesterday afrer a very
pood passage of twenty-two day? from
Shanghai. This is the quickest run made
from China to the Sound in y^ar*. The
Manchester was !n ballast.
The British ship St. Mark has arrived
at Manila with a cargo of coal for Uncle
Sam's fleet. She was 101 days out from
Newcastle. N. S. W." and 50 per c*nt re
ir.auranr* wa? naM on hull and cargo:
Third Mate McKer.na of the San Juan
has accepted a position with the Dundon
Bridge Company. His place has been
taken by W. W." O!wn.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
mmm f age
Could Not Go Out. Five Months
Under a Physician. Went „
from Bad to Worse.
Gave Up Hope. Friend Recom-
mends CUTICURA. Change in
One Night. Cured One Month.
I was troubled ■with erj.frr.% OB the face for
fire toonth»; during -which time I was in cars of
phjiSefcuia. My face wa§ in »ui:h a cctuiition
(bat I could not go oat. It was going from bad
to worse and I gave "P all hope, irh.^n a friend
of cine highly recommended Ccticcra Km*
DIM. The trat night oftcr I washed ■! face
with Cuticcba Boat and c«<rd CtjticCba olnt-
me;t; and CuncOTU Kr*i test it ch^?ed
■B-ocd«rfu:!y, and continuing the treatment it
removed all soaloa and scuba. From that Jay I
wag ah» to go out, and in a month rn)f fact
tat at clean at tvrr. THOMAS J. SOTU,
Jaly 23, 1395. 811 Sugv' &* •» Brooklyn, if. Y.
EVERLASTING" ITCHING
And Burning of the Sltin Cured by CCTICUBA.
For the la»t tLree mentis I bare been troubled
with ac e-rerlMting itching and burning of the
•kin on ay face, acd did not know what to do
to cure it. I HI prevailed upon to try Ccti-
crn Rzjiedies. The result wai »lmply won-
derfttU In one weft after uii:-g the Cuticcoa
Bo*> and CcxicriLi Resolvent I teat entirety
rid of it, asd my skin ia in a healthy condition.
P. a. VAN Stockton St., Sac Frsn.,Cal.
CUTICURA
Begins with the Blood and Ends with
The Skin and Scalp.
That Is to »»7, tt - ir«i $ tt:e blood an 4 circa-
latlair JiiUi of Ucuob i!!;j»!'. iii'l tUns remorea
taccati»«f.whll<' warm t>*tn* wlthCrnccß* »;>*?.
aart gtr.'Jf. nr.ointlnjo with i. lt: t.-.a (<»liitTO«ntl.
(rreaiest of e:no!n-«t iltin eisre«, ci«-anM ta<!»feiQ
and *ct\p ot rru*ts ml »c «>».>. Itc.hlv. bora-
la». an<S Infiainm Ulia. soorli- and h<«l. pint
»p«e!llir, pertiint-ut!/, »nd <i-on.-)xntcai!y enn-c
the mo»t tornir! s. iilen?ar»n« bamora r.i no
aim. scalp, an>! bl^ 1. wltii 1"98 ot h»lr. W.i- r Jic
b»«paysleUn« acdullotlwrremedU* UU.
■..irotJlhon-.tlMir^ta. Tonrrn D *Cnf«.rony,
Bole Vrop»-7lio*tua. "Ho^TtoVur« Entry Humor." M
BAVE YOUR HAIR bT 1
Bert Ullom of Company G. Thirty-first
Regiment, was treated at the Harbor Hos
pital twice Wednesday night. On the first
occasion Dr. Robinson sewed up six cuts
In his left wrist and hand and started
him on his way to the camp. Early in
the morning he was found lying at the
door of the hospital with the bandages off
his wounds and his wrist dislocated. Dr.
Robinson took htm in again and fixed
him up. He is expected back it the hos
pital, as he seems unable to keep out of
trouble.
J. M. Terlwater, cook of the steamer
fVhltesbero, nearly lost hi? life on the
vessel Wednesday nicrht. He was going
aboard and fell into the hold, badly injur
ing his hii} and knee.- His cries for as
sistance were not heard until next morn
ing, when he was taken to the Harbor
Hospital. i
THE BIG LOG RAFT ADRIFT.
CHEF MARKET
INSPECTOR GUIS
IS DISCHARGED
Summarily Removed
by Health Board.
The Board of Health held a special ses
sion behind closed doors last night for.
the purpose of investigating the culpabil
ity or incompetence of Chief Market In
spector William Gans, who testified It the
trial of Jesse Meyers; arrested for killins
Immature calves for sale, that the said
calves, or one of them, was at least a
mouth old. Other witnesses, inci'.ding the
mar. who sold the calves to Meyers, testi
fied at the trial that the calves wVre but
three days old, and on the strength of
their testimony Meyers as convicted.
The action of Gans in the matter had a
suspicious look, inasmuch as he seemed
determined to protect Meyers, who is said
to enjoy h's personal friendship, and vig
orously objected to the action of Dr.
O'Rourke. veterinary to the board, and
Officer John Butterworth, who made the
arrest, declaring that tEBj" wen encroach
ing on his authority. \
After hearing the testimony of
O'Rourke. Butterworth and Assistant
Mark- inspector Barron. the board sent
for Gans to tell his side of the story.
Gans admitted that he had sworn that
the Jersey- calf was a month old. but
sought to save himself by explaining that
he might have been mistaken, as he had
made only a superficial examination of
the condemned veal.
The explanation was not satisfactory",
and for fear that Gar.3 might make other
mistakes of a similar character he was
removed from his position by unanimous
vote. Dr. O'Pourke was directed to per
form the duties of Chief Market Inspec
tor pending the appointment oi a succes
sor to Gans.
The board discussed the necessity of a
new City and County Hospital building
and came to the conclusion that the Su
pervisors should be requested to provide
the money for this purpose, regardless of
the dollar limit or anything else. On mo
tion of Dr. Keeney Dr. Payne was dele
gated to drawMip a communication to the
Board of Supervisors, asking that a cer
tain amount of money be provided for the
construction of new hospital buildings,
and stating that if this were not done
the City and County, Hospital would be
at once condemned and closed.
John A. Hoejr. Inspector of the depen
dent poor at the City and County Alma
house. «ent in his resignation, which was
accepted. The place will probably be
tilled a* the next meeting of the board.
C. O. Southard was appointed assistant
chemist to the board, the appointment to
dat" from September S.
Mrs. S. B. Re^d was appointed matron
at the City Receiving Hospital, vice Mrs.
Esmonds, removed.
The salary of Dr. W. F. Rarbat. bac
teriologist to the board, was Increased
from $100 to $150 per month.*
EDUCATORS MAY BE
CROWDED AT SUISUN
ACCOMMODATIONS LIMITED IN
STITUTE WEEK.
Fears That Director Kemp in His
Sl»ep May Kick the Wrong
Man ar.d Lose Him a
Roosting Place.
School Director Kemp appears to be
"agin It" again. The fear that some
night in hl3 sleep he may attempt, to carry
out on himself his publicly expressed
opinion that he ought to be kicked may
force him. if he intends accepting the in
vitation to the Solano County Teachers'
Institute, to carry aKiag a cot, or sleep in
the marshes. He. as well as other mem
bers of the board and numerous teachers
In the department, received a ital yes
terday containing the following message:
FONOMA, Cal.. Sept. 13. 1599.
D*ar S!r: Plea** state whether you prefer
to stoo at a hotel cr a private residence dur
ing institute week. • >*!n» to limited accom
modations you will b* called spam to share
your room with one ■■! your fellow twin.
State your preference, if any. Reply at once to
LLOYD M. ROBBIXS.
Chairman of Room Commute*.
No one with even ha an eye to the
main chance wocM run the risk of shar
ing a bed with Kemp. He might have a
dream of lost "twents." as he calls them.
and In trying to kick himself land on hi 3
bed-fellow. Kemp is certainly against it.
unless he can work himself off a.- a gr>ld
brick or seme member from the cow
count -
It la presumed that Directors- Gedge and
Conlon will press reciprocal preferences.
It is not thought thai the dentist will
•■ v-;- 5 a mistake in his sleep and pull Con
if 's 1 — tooth. Director Head who, at.
v.<> Santa Cruz Native Sons' celebration,
is snid to have exploded the theory that
«!eep is at nil necefsary to existence, will
have an easy time of it at Solano. lie
will have no trouble keeping cue* on the
club flush." /
It car. b« stated now authoritatively
that then is no truth in any rumor that
might have been circulated last night that
Principal Joseph O'Connor and Principal
Bush of the Polytechnic High will share
the same shakedown at Suisun. Any
■ ■■ . .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1809.
preferences that may have been expressed
from other quarters have not been made
public.
• ♦ ■
Building Trades Council.
At a meeting of the Building Trades
Council last night a tribute of respect
was paid to the memory of A. H. Givin,
a delegate from Painters' Union No." 73,
who was killed by a fall from a house on
which he was at work In the Western
Addition. --.■:.,
The following resolutions were adopted:
B« It reaolved, That this, the Building Trades
Council, in meetinj assembled September 14.
iss«t do hereby tender to Painters' Union No. 7*
cur most heartfelt sympathy, trusting that th«
example as left by A H. <"livtri will be emu
lated by one and all of his craft. Earnest,
progressive, conscientious, tru« to his craft
and" fellow men was A. H. Glvin.
And further, be It resolved. That the ton
going be spread upon the minutes of the Build
ing Trades Council and a copy forwarded to
Pairuen' Union No. 73.
Delegates T. C Russell. W. O'Donnell
and J. Prader from the Granite Cutters'
Union and A. Murphy and H. L. Ander
son from the Painters' Union were
seated.
Representatives from the Paperhang
?rs' Society stated that the organization
would apply for a charter to the National
Brotherhood of Paperhangers and Deco
rators of America.
.■ ♦ ■
HUNT'S BULLETS FIND
THEiR SECOND VICTIM
E. R. KNIPPEXBERG DIES SUD
DENLY.
Deceased Did Not Know He Had Been
Shot by the Man Who
Killed Elliot.
The bullet wound sustained by Saloon
keeper E. R. Knippenberg in the shooting
which happened in the Young America
saloon, St^uart and Howard streets, Sat
urday afternoon, proved fatal last even
ing. Knlppenberg was shot by Robert L.
Hunt, an insane teamster, at the same
time that George Billot, another occu
pant cf the -king-house, was killed by
a buliet from the same revolver.
The details of the shooting were
brought out at the in<;uest over the body
of Elliot on Tuesday. Hunt, harboring
some imagined grievance against the El
liot brothers, entered the saloon and
tired three shots. At iirst it was sup
posed that only Elliot had been struck,
and it was not until an hour after the
affair had taken place that Knippenberg
discovered that there was a bullet in his
body. He had been removed to his home
and Dr. Peter A. Kearney summoned.
The physician found that the shot had
entered "his right breast just below the
nipple, but, until the hour of the saloon-'
keeper's death, was unable to locate it.
Knippenberg raliied until yesterday,
wht.-n he had a severe sinking spelll.
Win.- his case was considered serious,
none of his family believed that death
would come as soon as it did. Last even
ing about 4 o'clock he became unconscious
an-1 died five minutes afterward.
Hunt has been charged with the mur
der of Elliot, and upon favorable reports
which reached police headquarters h-i was
simply booked with assault with intent to
kill in the case of Knippenberg. This last
booking will be changed to-day, when an
autopsy on the body will be performed.
Knippenberg was about s*l years of age,
leaves a wife, and was well and favorably
known. He conducted a saloon for some
time and belongs to several prominent
German societies.
OCCIDENTAL'S ANNIVERSARY.
A Banquet in Celebration of the Nine
tenth Year of Its Institution.
Court Occidental No. 5576. Ancient
Order of Foresters, celebrated the nine
teenth anniversary of its institution by a
banquet last night, and about 100 'mem
bers and several specially Invited guests
partook of the choice menu that was set
before them. Neil O'Neill, the chief
ranger, was toastmaster, and he called
upon George W. Lunt. high court
treasurer, to respond to the toast "Our
Order." Past Chief Ranger C. J. King to
respond to "Our Country" and Joseph
Moscrop, past chief ranjrer, to respond
to "Our Court." after which, J. Hender
son, The financial secretary, on behalf of
the court, presented to William Wallace,
the court's recording secretary, a fine
. gold watch and chain, appropriately In
scribed, as a token of appreciation of nine
teen years' faithful service in the court.
Mr. Wallace has served the court in Var
ious cities, and in each he proved a
conscientious worker, and he has a re
markable record which is that In all that
time he has rever been absent from any
meeting. During the evening there were
vocal selections by the Occidental Quar
tet and responses to impromptu toasts
by a number of those present.
The celebration ceremonies were ar
ranged by W. J. Bloa, M. Silvia, J. J.
Smith, George W. B. Stirlin. George
Friedman, John H. Horwood and D. S.
Besecker.
■ ♦ ■
SMASHED BOX CARS.
Railroad Wreck at Ocean View in
Which No One Was Injured.
Engine No. 1262. acting as a. helper to
the San Jose mail train which left here
at 2:30 yesterday afternoon, collided with
some empty box cars at Ocean View, sus
taining considerable damage and smash
ins; the front ends of the cars.
The empties were on the side track and
; when the engine attempted to make a
flying switch to the siding the engineer
miscalculated the distance and bumped
into the cars before he could stop. The
' ends of the cars were wrecked and the
forward- part of the engine was badly
smashed. No one was injured.
. ♦ .
OctobT styles Standard Pattern!!, the only
; high (trade, low priced, seam-allowing patterns.
i Domestic OEW, 1021 Market ft., near Sixth.' •
Junior Order Boys.
Th«» Junior Order of United American
Mechanics and the Daughters of Lloerty
will, this evening, tender a reception In
B'ne B'rith Hall to "Our Junior Order
Boys from Manila." The reception will
be followed by a banquet.
Dear Madam; "Pesaniotd* «ays come;
You're welcome. Chronicle building. No. Q.
FRANEY'S DEATH
WAS THE RESULT
OF AN ACCIDENT
The Decision of Judge
Conlan.
F. MXONKELL DISCHARGED
THE JUDGE EXPLAINS WHY THE
CHARGE COULD NOT STAND.
All the Other Defendants Are Also
Discharged and Their Bonds
Are Declared Exon
erated.
In connection with the death of "Jim" !
Frar.ey, the pugilist, resulting from a
boxing contest at Woodwards Pavilion
Ota the night of August 16 with Frank Me- i
Connell. Judge Conlan decided yesterday
that neither McConnell nor any one else
was legally responsible, and dismissed \
the cases.
The Judge held that the contest, as j
shown by the testimony, was fully in ac- I
cordance and compliance with the law. ;
The number of rounds was limited to
twenty and the gloves were of not less '
weight than five ounces. The club was '
also incorporated and had paid the an
nual license. A physician. Dr. Lustig.
m in attendance and examined the two
contestants, finding them in a p*rf •*■ t
physical condition, and the club had pro
cured ihe necessary permit from the '
Board of Supervisors for the contest i
FRANK V>. THOMPSON, DOGE OF BfcLVtDnRE CARNIVAL
which was conducted under and subject
to the control of the Chief of Police.
The Judge concluded his decision as fol
lows:
From the testimony a!!. it la clearly
proven that the -•■ '-■■■■*■ was Diirety upon a
sparring exhibition baols. Of course, it Is un
fortunate that the young man should have m<*t
his deith in that war, but under the circunv
spectlon and caution exercised by the authori
ties such d<*ath might Just as well have re
sulted in any other athletic sport, such as foot
ball playing, bicycle racing, and so forth.
Then* was a treat deal of doubt whether or
not the death resulted from th* fall or from
the blow, bat In either event the defendant
could not be criminally held for the unfor
tunate occurrence. It was also shown by the
testimony that at the time the deceased was
rendered uncon»c!oua neither one of the
contestants could deliver what micht be called
a (fctai blow.
The order of the court was that the de
fendant. McConnell, be discharged and his
bonds exonerated, and the same ruling 1
would apply to the other defendants, Tim
McGrath. Danny Needham. Jerry Sulli
van. "Cocker" Tweed John McCarthy,
DeWltt Van Court, Frank Schuler. J. j.
Groom. J. W. Glbbs and Hiram B. Cook.
DESERT THEIR VILLAGE.
Filipinos at the Fair Insist Upon
Taking in the Sights.
A Filipino village without Filipinos is
not a howling success, and just now Su
perintendent Cummlng of the Mechanics'
Fair la having: his hands full trying to
keen the nipa huts at the Pavilion inhab
ited with the little brown men from Lu
zon who belong with them. The Fili
pinos have suddenly become imbued with
American ideas. They want to wear the
clothing of the white man. think that
they are a little out of place living in
their native habitation, and. despite all
the efforts of the fair management, they
Insist upon wandering away from th^ir
Village and taking in the sights. Super
intendent Cumming called a halt last
night, and as a result of the conference
two nt the Filipino hoys will take an in
voluntary trip back to Manila. •
Last night a new feature was added to
the fair in the shape of a mandolin- or
chestra of twenty-four pieces that played
during the evening in the Filipino summer
house near the entrance to the pavilion i
The Indians from Mendocii County con
tinue to attract attention. Mora Castle
In coal, the Eifel Tower in tin cans, and ;
the art gallery, with Miss Raymond's cor- !
net solos, still command a great share of !
the public's attention. To-day's pro-'
gramme of music includes the "Battle of j
Gettysburg/ with a regiment of veter
ans from the Philippines, led by one of !
the bands that played martial music while
the American troops advanced upon < the j
enemy. Guns will be fired, and soldiers 1
stationed at both ends of the Pavilion -will 1
discharge musketry. j
BUY NO BELT
TIM \\\&ml&Ws^y</, Til
YOU YOU
SEE SEE. ■
"no '^^^Sm^'W- "no
UK* >m '^^CJ^ ""•
PIERCES." *Wr~ PIERCES."
C7 1 Call or Write for Boole No. I.
• PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
620 Market Street. Opposite Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
GOVERNOR LIND
OF MINNESOTA
MEETS SWEDES
Banquet Last Evening
at Palace.
CHEERS WERE LOUD AND LONG
FONDNESS FOR NATIVE LAJfD
MADE KNOWN.
Many Enthusiastic and Patriotic
Speeches Were Delivered Under
the Crossed Banners of
America and Sweden.
The Swedish-Americans of California
tenured a banquet to Governor Lind of
Minnesota in the M^le Room of the Pal
ace Hotel las^ evening. The banquet hall
was decorated with Swedish anG Ameri
can flags, under which, at the head of the
table. 9at Governor Lind. At his right
was General GJertsen of Minnesota, at
his left Consul Lund. At the rte-
General Gjertsen was Dr. A. O. Lind
strom. Mayor Gray of Minneapolis was at
the left of Consul Lund. Flanking the
guests were the members of the comm:'
tee of the Swedish-American Patriotic
League, under whose auspice? the ban
quet was given. The members of the com
mittee were: K. A. Lindstrom. Alb Berg
strom. Andrew Olsen, Joseph Okerbla>l.
A O LJndstrom. Charles Widholm, Alf
Johnson, Alex Olsson. O. Gruggel. G. Pet
terson, August Wel*nder, L. Giasiow. A.
O. Llndstrom was master of ceremonies.
Joseph Okerblad was chairman and Alex
Olsson was secretary of the committee on
arrangements. Dr. Fred Westerberg was
the toastmaster of the evening.
Late in the evening-, but before the
speaking began, Mayor Phelan arrived
and was given a seat next to Governor
Lind. at his right hand. The Swedish-
Americans were In enthusiastic mood.
They greeted Governor Llnd and the
j other distinguished Minnesotans with
I cheers. Mayor Phelan was cheered when
i he arrived.
Gust. Peterson, p. B. John»nn. G. Larson.
D. Moland»r. J. Person. A. N. Nelander, H.
OU'in. B. O. Johnson, C Peterson. G. A
Peterson. G. Lageniuist. J. Okerblad. C A.
Tomb*nj. Dr. O. L. Oruggel. G. O. Rydsn.
Dr. E. Nelanl?r. H. P. Forsbery. O. Nelson.
G. Petterson. S. Anderson. O. Salt, F. A.
SwenKon, P. Ahrem, M. Nordstrom, A Berg
! nr n, J. W\ Anderson. C. Waller. O. Blooa
qUi*t. L. Olson, C. J. Rehn. A. V. Ander
son. G. Rudebeok, S. Christenson. Dp a 0
Lindstrom, O. Baarnhielm, Al. Johnson C.
I F. Carlson, T. IS L!nck. A. Newman, C. H.
' R-hnstrom. Dr. R. Paulln, E. Swenson, P.
E. Krickson. J. A. Wfsholm, G. Wallin, Dr.
F. Westerfcerg. T. I.mcl*. AM. Johnson O.
Person. L. Glsslow. C. Miss, E. Hogrberg;
F. O. Sjogren. A. V. Nelson. M. V Luniahl.
J. W. Bird. C. L. - Larson. H. P. H-itum.
' V SJogren. <J. Ltndecrtn, E. Westellu*. J.
Clark, A. Peterson. 'A. Onjrman, N. G. Llnd
' rren, J. S. Nelson. Albin -Johnson. - Oliver
Ol«en. J. a. C. Brett, C A. Johnson. C. O.
TViilholm. Consul H. Lund (Swedlsh-Nor
weirlan). Alex. Olsson. N. P. Olson, O. Pear
son. C P. Boyson. J. L. 1 scot so a, c E.
Johnson. C. Sundauist, Rev. C. J. E. Haterius
C. F. Salomonson. A. M, Wahlen, A. L. An
derson. Fred Johnson, A. W. Ohman, H
Brunr.ell. R. liyb«rg. Dr. F. Hultbersr. Dr.
G. S. Backman. W. E. Nelfson, Mr. Lund,
Governor John I.md. Mayor Ph»lan. Mayor
Gray of Minneapolis, General GJertsen of
Minneapolis, N. Olson, J. Lind. Aug. SJog
ren. Consul Birkholm (Danish). K. A Lund
strom. Consul Simpson (ex-Danish), A Bjol
«ad. C. A. Malm, P. O. Aiinc. F. Quisling.
I Captain A. C Frees*. B. O. Olson. T. La^er
crantz, L. Georges, F. B. Hulting. Dr. J A.
W. Lundborr. V. Troili. J. P. 8. Johnson,
O. Nelson. a Ros^nlund. W. Gtistafson Q v
Carlson, M. Olson. A_ Ol.tnder. G. W. Planck!
George Larson. Captain L. Mattson, Andrew
: Olscn, J. A. Peterton, W. Nordwell, E. Dry
gelius.
Dr. WestPrher^. the toast master, called
upon Rev. Dr. Nelander to welcome Gov
ernor Lind. which he did very neatly.
When Governor Lind rose to speak he was
greeted with the Swedish cheer, long
drawn out. .
Responding to the toast. "California, the
Land of sunshine. Fruit and Flow
ers." Mayor Phelan exalted the resources
of the State of California. Sixty nation!
were represented in California. All had
done much for the development Of the
country- The Swede was well to the
fore. ' Mayor Phelan also got the Swed
ish cheer when he concluded. Consul Lund
responded to the toast of "Native Coun
try." Oliver Olesot: responded to "Our
Adopted Country." A number of other
speakers followed.
LAMPS OF THE
ANCIENTS WILL
BURN BRIGHTLY
Belvedere Cove To Be
a Marvel of Light.
BRILLIANT WATER CARNIVAL
ARKS ; AND FLOATS UNIQUELY
DECORATED FOR PARADE.
All Manner of Naval Architecture
Will Lend Itself to the Making
of a Modern Venice by
Night.
The cove at Belvedere will be a modern
Venice on Saturday evening-, when the
stage is set for a third renewal of the
Venetian Water Carnival. Nothing has
been left undone by the numerous com
mittees, each charged with special dv- ;
ties. The illuminations, the elaborate
| programme of appropriate music, the dec
orations of the yachts and of the homes
; on the hillsides have all been planned and
will be' ready when the carnival is set
in motion at S:3O p. m. to-morrow.
The cruiser Marblehead and the tor- '
i pedo-boat Farragut will lend picturesque
I ness to the scene on the water. The men
j of the Third United States Artillery band
will contribute appropriate music during |
i the festivities. The splendid voice of t
; Frank W. Thompson, who impersonates t
! the Doge of Venice, will also be hear.d
to advantage. He will be assisted by the j
' following chorus:
First tenors— Frank Coffin, George Pnrtcn
key. E. Lutz.'Kd An*elo, Dave Wise, Richard
! Hunt, J. ilacShawhan;' second tenors— George
; Rice, Arthur Kennedy. E. C. Boyson. Ed F.
Sa^ar. Z. Welsh. i-M Parisher, Chris Bernhard. i
• William Wilson: first bassos— Dan Ward. M. .
Fraser, Ben Tarbox. W. C. StMU*l4t, E. W. !
' Gates. J. Hines. Robert men. Harry Turnbutl,
J. F. Flemmir.g; second bassos Charles Parent.
1 Willlajn Neilson. William Hooke. Robert Jane*.
William Grandeman, Charles H. Van Orden.
F. W. Thompson; Plymouth Quartet of San
Francisco — Messrs. Coffin, Rice, Warde and
Parent, also members of the Lorlng Club.
Special boats will leave the Tiburon J
ferry of the California Northwestern f
i Railway, foot of Market street, at 7 7:30 j
I and 7:45 p. m. There will also be a spe- ;
i c:al train to Tiburon. leaving San Rafael
' at 7:30 p. m. As this company controls
: the slips at Tiburon, only its boats will |
land passengers. A special boat of the j
North Pacific Coast Railroad Company i
will leave this city at 7:30. At the same !
hour a train will leave San Rafael, arriv- ',
ing at Mill Valley at 7;43 and at Sausa- j
lito at 8. The steamer will then convey j
its passengers to Belvedere, where a po- ;
| sition will be taken from which the ex- |
j ercises in connection with the fete may |
bo viewed by the passengers. The tickets
from all points on the two railroads will |
be $1 each. - These tickets must be pur
! chased, as none others will be honored.
» The tickets en sale at the newspaper I
! offices are for the broad gauge route only.
| those for the narrow gauge, by way of
; Sausalito. being obtainable at the com
pany's office.
A splendidly illustrated souvenir pro- j
gramme of eighty pages has been issued.
It contains views of Belvedere and of
yachts and yachtsmen in addition to the j
official programme of the evening.
MEXICAN CELEBRATION.
The Eighty-Ninth Anniversary of
Republic's Independence to Be
Celebrated To-Night.
The Club Patriotico Hidalgo has con
cluded all arrangements for the grand
celebration which will take place this
evening in Washington Square Hall, cor
ner Stockton and Union streets, in com
memoration of the eighty-ninth anniver
sary of the independence of Mexico.
The literary and musical exercises will
be very interesting. Among those who
will take prominent parts are: Senora
Ellsa A. de Navarrete. Senora Luz D. de
Warde. Professor Lornbardero. his noted
quartet and others. Senor Olmeda will be
floor manager and his assistants are:
Senors Ezqueda and Pereda; Dr. F. Marti
nez, honorary president: Carlos Monels
vais. president: E. M. Navarrete. vice
president, and G. D. Kotta. secretary.
■ ♦ .
Send the SUNDAY CALL to
your friends abroad — wrapped
ready for mailing, 5c per copy.
ADVERTISEMENT S.
TWO POINTED FACTS
. Are always observable on a critical ex-
; amination of our laundry work, and
i that is that the color is perfect and the
finish beautiful on all linen done up
here. Shirts, collars and cuffs are
1 laundered here in a manner that give 3
all the beauty and freshness of the
new article.
; United States Laundry. Offlos
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
Oakland Office. 514- Eleventh St.
REYNOLD'S
Goutor Rheumatism, if on the first ft roach
r.f the paroxysm they have recourse to this rem-
edy : then, a single dose i* often sufficient.
r.'m!CEU«ca, ,30.;lO .V William St.. V . -.
lA/. T. HESS.
!COTA£T FUdLlv; AND ATr'jRSBY-Ar-LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Clau* Spreckels Bldg.
• Telephone . Brown HI.
Residence-, 821 California at., below Powell.
San Francisco.
— — _ _________
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
:
. PACKED TO THE DOORS NIGHTLY.
THE TRIUMPHANT BILL OF THE
GRAND OPERA SEASON.
fo-NIGHT» TO-NIGHT 1 . TO-NIGHT.
"LOHENGRIN,
••LOHENGRIN" LAST TIME SATURDAY
' NIGHT.
GRAND MATINEE TO-MORROW OF
"OTHELLO."
"OTHELLO"' REPEATED SUNDAY NIGHT.
POPULAR PRICES.. 25 and 50 cents
Telephone for Seat*, Bush 9. • j
I ADVERTISEMENTS.
Last
Udnigbt
I Friday,Sept.ls
I PRICE ADVANCES
$5 per share
If All applications received
I up to midnight of September
c| 15th will get in at $4.50 per
I share. Only a few of the
9 present 1000 shares to be
1 had. Don't delay.
Union Consoliiated Oil and
Transportation Co,,
322-323 PARROTT BUILDING,
SAX FRANCISCO,
OAKLAND OFFICE:
I 460 TENTH STREET.
I OFFICES OPEN EVENINGS.
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR™
.. ONLY THREE MORE NIGHTS...
MATINEE TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
The Best DIM In Tears,
THE WAGES
OF SIN.
PRICES 25c, 35c. Me.
NEXT WEEK— THEN YOU LAUGH.
TOO MUCH JOHNSON!
GHette's Comedy Triumph.
BACHELOR CLUR WHITE AND HARRIS
CRAWFORD SISTERS.
HUNGARIAN
BOYS' MILITARY BAND.
MONTRELL.
CHARLEY CASE.
ARNOLD GRAZIER AND LA PETITE
HAZEL.
AMERICAN BIOGRAPH.
Reserved seats. He: Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c ~
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
A NIGHT OF LAUGHTER.
'-, -.; ' — ALL THE WEEK—
Yon Supp«'s Delightful Comic Opera.
"FATINITZA."
NEXT WEEK— Offenbach's Famous Co=ia
Opera, "THE DRUM MAJOR'S
DAUGHTER."
USUAL POPULAR PRICES—
10c. Inc. 2Sc, 33c and 50c
At Saturday Matinee Best Reserved Seat, 2Sc
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
MECHANICS' FAIR
AND
PHILIPPINE^ EXHIBIT.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
BATTLE of GETTYSBURG
WITH A REGIMENT OF VOLUNTEERS
FROM MANILA AND A CHORUS
OF HI VOICES.
SATURDAY NIGHT, .
PROFESSOR M KOLANDER'S MANDOLIN
CLUB OF 24 MEMBERS Will Play In the
Filipino Hut Near the Mala Entrance. -
CONCEPTS AND ASSORTS.
CHUTES AND ZOQI
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
ADGIE Ta of^ A S a HER LIONS.
A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW. AND
HARmON «MD SEABURY
The World's Champion Hlgrht Divers.
B»tart»yHiß-it-JErr.:i SFITZi MMOKB TI6HT.
Reproduced by the Animatoscope.
Phone "Iqt_ Seats, Park 23.
ISUTRO BATHS.
OPEN nights:
open DAILY FROM 1 a. M, to 11 p. M.
BATHING from 7 a. m. to 18:30 p. M.
ADMISSION. We; CHILDREN, Sc
' Bathlnv, lncludiar admlislon, 23. Children, 20a.
78
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver unchanged. Financial quotations as before.
All cereals neglected and more or less weak.
Large quantities of Hay detained over in Oakland.
Beans and Seeds as previously quoted.
Potatoes show a fezu narrow changes.
Vegetables continue in liberal supply.
Batter, Cheese and Eggs stand the same.
Receipts of Wine Grapes rather larger.
New grades and prices for Raisins.
Steady demand for the general run of Dried Fruits.
Hams less active. Bacon and Lard in good demand.
Hides and Tallozv in brisk inquiry and firm.
Meat market unchanged.
Charters.
The J. C. Glade was chartered prior to arri
val for wheat or barley to Europe, 31s Bd.
The Charles R. Wilson loads lumber at Grays
Harbor for Honolulu; Star of Italy, lumber on
the Sound for Adelaide, 555.
Money in Circulation.
According to a treasury statement the money
In clrcuration In the United States on the Ist
of September was as follows:
Gold coin J672.933.192
Silver dollars 64.557.256
Small silver 72.516.537
Gold certificates 65.655.959 ,
Silver certificates 403,132.345 i
Treasury notes 91.650,632
United States notes 310,130.421
Currency certificates . 170,000
National Bank notes 225, 521,459
Total $1,942,131,141
In 1537 1,792,096,645
Increase .' , $150,034,596
7-» • fT- •, • T T -IT 7
Dried Fruit in New York.
Mail advices from New York say: "Prunes
are attract attention at present. ' but there
Is an Impression that the trade may be de
celved by present reports and that the output
may be "larger than anticipated. Considerable
sales are reported, but it cannot be learned
that any of them are coming to this market.
It is a difficult matter to get quotations on
large Quantities. Growers seem In no hurry
to dispose of the.lr crops, the present outlook
appearing unusually favorable, according to
mail advices from the coast The principal de
mand at present is for the large sizes, and
prices on them are held high. The proportion
of large sizes appears to be higher than last
season.
"Apricots are quiet at the moment, though
prices are. held firmly. The bulk of the crop
is out of first hands and Jobbers do not care
to move holdings.
"Peaches are dull and the market weak, with
Scarcely any one willing to make firm offers for
large lots. The supply has been heavily in
creased by the throwing back of green fruit by
canners. Improvement may come later, but few
have any faith in it now.
"Raisins are firm, but trading is small- be
cause of the uncertainty regarding opening
prices. Confidential advices confirm the figures
already published, but add that a premium
may be chared for first shipments. Another
statement is that nothing can be depended upon
until prices are actually given out.
"New crop figs are expected toward the last ,
of this month, and prices are quoted at lli&14c
to arrive. - -
"Other lines are quiet, but are firmly held
in anticipation of improving business this
month."
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 14. 6 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
report from ... in California to-day:
Eureka 64, San Diego 6fi
Fresno 98 Sacramento 90
Log Angeles '" Independence 84
Red Bluff WlYuma 106
fc;tn Luis Ispo S'J'
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
62; minimum, 12; mean, .'7.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen rapidly over the conn
try west of the Sierras.. It has risen over Utah
and Nevada. An area of low pressure overlies
California and Western Arizona. The tem
perature has fallen from six to ten degrees
over the interior of California. In the great
valleys of California conditions are still favor
able for fruit drying. Showers have occurred
in Northern Arizona, and a trace is recorded
at Wlnnemueca. In the northern end of the
Sacramento Valley a moderate norther in blow
ing, and a maximum velocity of 3* miles per
hour from the north Is reported at Red Bluff.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, September 15. 1599:
For Northern California— Friday; warm
er in the valleys; fresh northerly winds; wester
ly winds on the coast, with fog.
For Southern California— Fair Friday; warm
er In the interior, with northerly winds; fresh
westerly winds, with fog on the coast.
For Nevada — Fair; warmer' Friday.
For Utah— Fair; warmer Friday.
For Arizona — Fair Friday.
Ff.r San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Friday,
■with fog in the morning: fresh westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. Me A DIE,
Forecast Official. :
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 14.— greater part of
the Rains In prices which were established yes
terday and durras the early part- of to-day
wore wiped out In the latter part of the day's
trading. A Derlod of almost stagnation suc
ceeded until the announcement of the fixing of
the St. Paul dividend at the regular rate. The
large Felling of grangers Induced by this news
Wai met by supporting orders, which rallied
prices from the lowest. Losses are the rule on
the day, however, which extend to a point In
many active stocks. The rate for money was
nnt listed above the lower level established in
yesterday's relapse, and the reaction in prices
could not be attributed to calling of loans. It
vii- rather due to a reconsideration of the
optimistic view engendered yesterday by the
easing In the money rate and the sentimental
effect of the Treasury Department's decision
to anticipate the payment of October interest
on Government bonds. Yesterday's upward
movement has' been reduced to its true propor
tions of a bear scramble .to cover short con
tracts after having oversold the market In the
rush of heavy liquidation on the preceding
days. Estimates varied widely as to whether
the liquidation proceeded to sufficient- lenghts
to re-enforce the banks against the present and
future demand u;.on their cash resources.
Money continuc-s to move to the interior and the
banks have parted with upward or $4,000,000 to
the Sub-Treasury since last Friday. There was
no evidence to-day of a further urgent con
traction of c red Hi but the outlook for the fu
ture is Dint further liquidation may become
necessary. Foreign houses are reported to have
put put considerable sums in loans yesterday
and to-day, nnd this may account for the com
parative firmness of the foreign exchange mar
ket. Discounts hardened to-day In London and
Berlin in spite of the improved condition re
flected by the Hank of England's weekly state
ment, and London bought stocks moderately In
New York in continuation of the fortnightly
settlement. The failure to increase the St.
Paul dividend Is accepted as an Intimation that
the present prosperous condition of the rail
roads are not so well established but that ample
provision must be made against a recession.
The extreme decline from the early high point
ranged from 1 to 2 points very generally among
the active railroads. *
The grangers and trunk lines were especially
affected. In the specialties movements were
Wider. Brooklyn Transit was under pressure
all day and in the final dealings broke its pre
vious low record on the movement and fell
to IM 4. at which point It closed, 4l«. below yes
terday. Tennessee Coal ranged over 3V4 points
and closed with a net lops of 2.
Sugar, Tobacco, the local municipal stocks,
People'B Gas and the Iron and steel stocks were
all wr-ak before the close. A number of oh
scure stocks showed wider movement than the
average. Pullman, Twin City Rapid Transit,
Mobile and Ohio and Pacific Coast common and
second' preferred . gained between 2\i and 4
points, and Knickerbocker Ice dropped 5V4.
The United States milling: stocks continued
their upward course and gained Hi each. Bonds
were only moderately active. Total sales, par
value, $1,985,000. United States bonds were un
changed In bid auotattons.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Bold. Stocks— Bid.
2,000 Atchidon 21&
19.850 Atchlson pr.-fd 64
1,000 Baltimore and Ohio S2V4
Canadian Pacific !<4>, 4
100 Canada Southern 52H
1.900- Central Pacific .'.....: 574
8.114 Chesapeake and Ohio ........ 27\
i.:-j<i Chicago Great Western ..it—,,.... H" s
20,150 Chicago, Bur and Qutncy lttVi
100 Chicago, Indiana and Louis 9
Chicago, Indiana and Louis prefd.. 41
850 Chicago and East Illinois 92*4
700 Chicago and Northwestern \6~i-i
8.350 Chicago, Itock Island and Pac 115 s * |
1.000 C C C and St Louis 67
1,050 Colorado Southern * l t
Colorado Southern Ist prefd 44V:
Colorado Southern 2nd pre'd 15^4
500 Delaware and Hudson '--- l .
8,427 Delaware, Lack and Western 17S x j
400 Denver and Klo Grande — '-s !
625 Denver and Rio Grande ;:<:.. 75-j j
Erie 13H I
li* Erie Ist prefd 57
100 Great Northern prefd 163 j
LOIO Hocking Coal IS i
Hocking Valley S3
142 Illinois Central IM'i '
300 lowa Central 13 l » j
lowa Central prefd 55
Kansas* City, .Pitts and Gulf «\
100 Lake Erie and Western 19
Lake Erie and Western prefd 74
Lake Shore "i>
-7,400 Louisville and Nashville SO"*
20.275 Manhattan L 116'-a '
■ 1.057 Metropolitan Street Railway 207
6,320 Mexican Central 15%
100 Minn and St Louis 74 i
Minn and St Louis jrefd 95 !
6,710 Missouri Pacific 45 s *
100 Mobile and Ohio 45%
200 Missouri. Kansas and Texas 13
1,210 Missouri, Kansas and Tex prefd.. 40*4
100 New Jersey Central 117 s *
3,015 New York Central 137
2,600 Norfolk and Western 25
1,700 Norfolk and Western prefd.... 70*4
7.840 Northern Pacific 54
1,058 Northern Pacific prefd 75%
2,010 Ontario and Western -■"■■»
Oregon Railway and Nay 44 :
Oregon Railway and Nay prefd — 76
16,950 Pennsylvania 131
200 Reading 22
7,050 Reading Ist prefd 6S'i ■
.100 Heading 2nd perfd 31%
Rio Grande Western 37%
Rio Grande Western prefd SI
St Louis and San Francisco II 1
St Louis and Ban Fran Ist prefd., 6S
St Louis and San Fran 2nd prefd. 36 : 4
St Louis. Southwestern 14- x 4 |
1,900 St Louis, Southwestern prefd 34% i
44,130 St Paul 13'J-,
£10 St Paul prefd 177*4
St Paul and Omaha -. ll>
80.900 Southern Pacific 37 ■
1,080 Southern Railway 12%
4,000 Southern Railway prefd 52 7
I.IXK) Texas and Pacific 19 i
£.070 Union Pacific 4.".
4,975 Union Pacific prefd 77 '
Wabash 7%
380 Wabash prefd 21", I
4.M- Wheeling and L E ll 7 n
700 Wheeling and L.B 2nd prefd 29?4
510 Wisconsin Central .* 17%
P C C and St Louis 71
Express Companies—
Adams 116
American 148
United States 50 i
Wells-Fargo 133 I
Miscellaneous—
1,220 American Cotton OH 44
American Cotton Oil prefd 93%
420 American Malting 15V»
American Malting prefd 68%
1,200 American Smelting and Refining — 40
1,690 Amer Smelting and Refining prefd.. S9'4
American Spirits 5>4
American Spirits prefd 30%
6.560 American Steel Hoop 43 |
1.460 American Steel Hoop prefd £6
5,150 American Steel and Wire 54 7 8
1 0 American Steel and Wire prel l — 97%
LO2O American Tin Plate 41
100 American Tin Plate prefd 864
(0,460 American Tobacco 125% I
100 American Tobacco prefd 143
3<X) Anaconda Mining Co 55
67.730 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 94%
21,090 Colorado Fuel and Iron 61%
6,060 Continental Tobacco ..' 45%
2.010 Continental Tobacco prefd 90%
3,045 Federal Steel 58
3T>O Federal st- 1 prefd t. 81
200 General Electric 122
125 Glucose Sugar 63%
Glucose Sugar prefd 104
2,0;»0 International Paper 29
543 International Paper prefd 77%
500 Laclede Gas 65 %
650 National Biscuit 45%
National 'Biscuit prefd 101%
100 National Lead 29%
National Lead prefd - 110%
2,000 National Steel 52%
380 National Steel prefd 97%
200 New York Air" Brake 59
1,015 North American -12%
3,050 Pacific Coast '■ 49%
Pacific Coast Ist prefd 84
1,010 Pacific Coast 2nd prefd : 68
560 Pacific Mail 42
7,860 People's C.as 115*4
300 Pressed Steel Car 58%
700 Pressed Steel Car prefd •. 90%
400 Pullman Palace Car 164
400 Standard Rope and Twine 7%
11,125 Sugar 150 ft
Sugar prefd 117
5,100 Tennessee Coal and Iron 120% ,
14,750 United States Leather 11%
4,973 United States Leather preM 76%
United States Rubber 49%
United States Rubber prefd 115%
1,020 Western Union gg "
4,115 Republic Steel .' ■--,.
150 Republic prefd ._ 75% !
484,700 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
D 8 2s reg 100% M X &- T Ms 71
Do 3s reg 10S% Do 4s 93%
Do coup lflSVi N V C Istl 111%
Do new 4s reg. ..130 N .T C g«»n :,< 121%
Do coup 130 N Carolina 6s 130
Do old 4s, peg... 111% I Do 4s 104%
Do coup 113 . No Pacific lsts 11?
Do 5s reg 1114 Do 3h ' 66%
Do coup 111% ■ Do 4g 103
Diet Colum 3.655. .117 N V C & St L 85..108 •
Ala class A 109% Norf & W con 4s. 95%
Do class B 108 Do gen 6s 135
Do class C 103 Ore Nay brts 11314
Do currency 100 Do 4s 103
Atchlson gen 45.. 102% Ore Short Line 65.12S j
Do adj 4s 87 Do con 5s 115 .
Can So 2ds 109% Reading gen 45.... 87^ I
Ches & Ohio 4y.s. 95% R Q W lsts 98
DO 6s 118 St L & I M con f,s.n:i
Chi & N\V con 75. 145 St L& S F gen 124% !
Do S F deb 65. .120 St Paul con 173%
Chi Term 48 96 iSt P C & P 15t5.. 121
D & R G lsts 106% Do 5s 121
Do 4s 99%150 Railway 5s 109
E Term, Va & Ga [8 Rope & Twins 6. 87
lsts 103% Term new set 35.. 94%
Erie gen 4s 714 Tex & Pacific lsts. lls
F W & D C Ists.. 79% . Do 2d» 54
Gen Elec 5s lid Union Pacific 45. .104%
G II & S A 65... .108 Wabash Ists 115
Do 2ds .....108 Do -2ds 100U,
H &TC 5s 11l I West Shore 4s 113
Do con 6s 11l I Wis Cent Ists 77
lowa Cent lsts — 116 Va centuries 86
KCP & G lsts... 71% Do deferred 56 '
La new con 45. ...106 C & S 4s 85
L & Nash unl 4s. 99%
MINING STOCKS.
rhr.llar 40!Qntario 7 00
Crown Point 1 20]Ophir 00 !
Con Cal & Va.... 1 50' Plymouth ....: 10
Deadwood 70 Quicksilver 2 00 I
Gould & Curry 26' Do prefd 7 .10
Hale & Norcross.. 27 Sierra Nevada •70
Homestake 65 00 Standard 85
Iron Silver ... 63 1 Union Con 37
Mexican 40 Yellow Jacket 23 1
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — West End 95
Call loans 4@sj Do prefd 113%
Time loans s£|6 Westing Elect 47
Stocks— : Do prefd .. 6S
Atch. T & S F.... 21 Wisconsin Cent .. 17U.
A. T& S F prefd. 63% Bonds—
Amer Sugar 150 Atchison 4s 100
Do prefd 11 Mining Shares-
Bell Telephone 360 Adventure '. 7
Boeton & Albany.26s Allouez Mining Co 5%
Boston Elev 108% Atlantic 28
Boston & Maine.. 2ol Boston & Mont... 340
Chi, Bur & Q 132%|Butte & Boston... BE
Ed Elec 111 205 Calumet & Hecla 1
Fitchburg prefd... 121% ' Franklin .......... 18 '
Gen Electric , 121 (Centennial 3.".
Do prefd ..< 141 (Humboldt 2%
Federal Steel f.SVi Osceola 84 1
Do prefd 81 Parrot ...; 46 1
Mexican Central... 15 Qulncy lr.c;
Mich Telephone.... 95% Santa Fe Copper.. 12% ' 1
Old Colony 208 .Tamarack 21" i
Old Dominion ,31 Wlnona 9
Rubber 48 Wolverines 45 j
Union Pacific 45 Utah 3S '
Union Land, ...... C •_
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. Money on call, firm,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER T5. 1899.
at EA6 per cent: last loan. 6%; prime mercan
tile "paper. 4%@5 per cent. Sterling exchange,
Steady, with actual business in bank . , rs^,t,l s
at $4 85%®4 S6 for demand and at $4 S2"-.,g4 *-•*
for sixty days; posted rates. $4 BSH©4 84 and
$4 S7-JJ4 87%. Commercial bills. $4 Sl's3< 82: si -
ver certificates. 59@59-%c; bar silver, 59c; Mexi
can dollars, 47% c; Government bonds, steao.\ ,
State bonds, Inactive; railroad bonds. irregu
lar.
London Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. 14.— The Commercial Ad
vertisers 1 London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were strong In tone to-day,
the feeling regarding the Transvaal crisis be
ing still hopeful. Americans were quietly
strong all day, but eased fractionally at the
close Gains were general. There was niucn
speculation about the St. Paul dividend. Tln
tos. 46%; Anacondas, 11 6-16.
I Money was a shade firmer. Bills were steady
and the bank did a moderate business in sw-
I dayrarerat3H - CLOSING.
LONDON, Sept. Canadian Pacific. 99%;
Union Pacific preferred. 814; Northern Pacific
preferred 6-4; Atchlson, 22%; Grand Trunk,
5%; Anaconda, 11%; bar silver, steady, 27 3-16 d;
money, 2 per cent.
New York Grain and Produce.
I NEW YORK. Sept. 14.— Receipts,
: J0.655 barrels; exports, 9394. Quiet and barely
I rteady.
WHEAT— Receipts, 26,200 bushels; exports,
9.M>'7. Spot, easy; No. 2 red, 74% cI. o. b.
an\tat spot; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 7SV4c f. o.
b. afloat to arrive; No. 1 hard Duluth. 80\c
to arrive No. I red. 72% c elevator. Options
opened steady and "»c higher and further ad
vaikvvJ V«e on better cables and higher consols,
foreign buying, more liberal acceptance and
predictions of increased export business; turned
■ weak following a reaction at Chicago: closed
1 weak »t NSHc net decline. May, 78%©78 11-16 c,
i closed 7>s 4 e: September, 73H6'73>c, closed 73% c;
December. 7J 5 .i43 s. •. closed 75»4c.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Firm.
h WOOLr-Steady.
METALS— The general market was stupidly
dull all day -with price changes lacking spe
cial significance. They weakened under freer
offerings from local sellers as well as from the
Wost. Buyers refused to take hold despite the
concessions named. The other departments were
nominally unchanged and featureless. At the
close the Metal Exchange called:
PlGlßON— Warrants dull and nominal at
?17.
LAKE COPPER— Quiet at »1S 50.
TlN— Barely steady, with sellers at $32 75.
LEAD— Quiet, with $4 60 bid and $4 62% asked.
The leers' price for lead is $4 40 and for cop
per SIS 50. '
SPELTER— Quiet, with $5 65 bid and $5 65
asked.
COFFEE^ — Options closed steady, unchanged
to 5 points lower. Sales, 8650 bags, including-
September and October, $4 20; November, $4 SO.
Spot coffee— dull, nominal; mild, quiet
but about steady.
SUGAR— Raw, dull but steady; refined, very
quiet. :>■-..
BUTTER— Receipts, 2686 . packages. Firm.
Western creamery. ls<??23c; j June creamery,
lS Is-&22c;1 s -&22c; factory, 135J16c.
EGGS — Receipts, 6788 packages. Firm. West
ern ungraded at mark, 13<ffl6%c.
California Dried Fruits.
XF.W YORK, Sept. 14.— California dried
fruits steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 74c;
prime wire tray, B%6BV>c; choice, 8% i I .
fancy, &«a!<»*c. '
PRUNES- '■■ I
APRICOTS— RoyaL He; Mnorpark, 14^16c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, B@li4c.
Chicago Grain Market.
I CHICAGO, Sept. 14.— Uncertainty in regard j
I to the September wheat situation made wheat ,
rather feverish at the opening, and for a short
! time a really large business was done. Cables
were stronger ."and higher, and this and yes
' terday's bulge In September due to the eleva
tor fight gave a tone of bullishness to trading
that was reflected In slight opening advances
in the deferred futures. The bullishness giad
! ually disappeared when Weare, who was so
prominent in yesterday's September deal, was
seen to have considerable September to sell.
This at once relieved the tension in that re
spect, and the September premium, at one time
%c over December, gradually disappeared al
together. Rumors of private settlements of j
September among big shorts were current, and
that gave rise to the belief that the conges- |
tion had been relieved. The inclination among j
local professionals was apparently to sell, and
support came principally from the outside, 1
most of the commission-houses having buying
orders early; The September tension once re- 1
moved, the market became exceedingly dull, j
New York reported good acceptances of last |
: night's cable offers and the Northwest reported
a good cash demand, but the market in a gen
era! way showed heaviness until the primary
receipts, 1,341,000 bushels, when positive weak
ness developed. December opened a shade high
er at 71%(&71%c. It advanced to 71% C, then
sold down to '■• 14c, closing at 70%@70%c. Sep
tember opened at 72®72%c and declined to 70 7 ic,
closing %c lower at 71% c. Weare was a bid
der for September late in the session, which
caused the rally in that option. Large pur
chases of wheat at Southwestern points ' for
shipment to Chicago were reported.
Corn was irregular and fairly active. A fea
ture was the strength of September, growing
! with recent strength' of September wheat and
! the small stocks of corn, which made shorts
' inclined to get out. Prices advanced sharply
early, but heavy liquidation by longs followed,
nearly all' the advance being lost. The mar
' ket was rather easy late in the session, fol
lowing wheat. December closed a shade lower
j and September He higher.
Oats were very dull. December closed un
! changed from yesterday. . ■ .-, ." ■.-■."
The market for provisions was neglected.
j There was some firmness early, but the market
sympathized with the late weakness of wheat .
and corn. Most of the light trading was In
the January product. At the close January
pork and ribs were a shade lower and January
lard unchanged. -
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— ■ Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
September "2% 72>4 70 71%
December 71% 71% 70% 70%
May 1 74% 74% 73% 73*4
Corn No. 2—
September 3lV t 32% 31% 31%
December 25»4 2876 28% 28%
May 29% 29% 29% 29%
Oats No. — ■
September 21 ' i 21% 21<4 21V4
December 20% 21 ' 20% 20%
May 22% 22% 22'/ 4 22%
MeFS Pork, per barrel — .
October 8 07% 8 07% 7 97% 7 97%
December 8 17% 820 8 12% 8 12'»
January 960 9 62% 952 955
Lard, per 100 pounds-
October 5 32% 635 530 530
December 540 540 6 37% 5 37%
January 550 5 52% 6 47% 5 47%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
October 6 22% 625 6 22% 6 22%
January 4 974 500 495 495
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
barely steady; No. 3 Spring Wheat, 66%®68%c;
No. 2 Red. 71%<?72%c; No. 2 Corn, 31% c: No.
2 Oats, 22<5?22ttc; No. 2 White, 24c; No. 3
White, 23V4«i24V4c: No. 2 Rye. 57c: No. 2 Bar
-1 ley. 37@43c; No. 1 Flaxseed, $1 oS@l 08% ; Prime
I Timothy Seed. $2 40; Mess Pork, per barrel, i
$7 30*58 05; Lard, per 100 pounds, $5 20#5 35;
Short Rib Sides (loose). $6 15@6 40; Dry Salted
Shoulders (boxed), 6Q6%c: Short Clear Sides
(boxed). $5 600665; A\ hlsky, distillers' finished
goods, per gallon, $1 22. .
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
i Flour, barrels : 22,000 15,000
Wheat, bushels ..104,000 6,000
Corn, bushels 707.000 813.000
Oats, bushels , 375,000 475,
.Rye. bushels 11,000 3,000
I Barley,' bushels 77,000, 800
On the Produce Exchange to-day the But
ter market was firm; creamery, 22c; dairy
13@18c. Cheese, easy, ll<g!ll%c. Eggs, firm!
fresh, 14%@1454c-
Foreign Futures.
V ■ . »
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Dee. > Mar
Opening ; 5 8% 6 10% « %'
Closing 58% : 6 10% 6%
PARIS.
Wheat— Sept. Jan.-Apr
Opening ; 19 35 20 30
Closing 19 30 - 20 30
Flour— *
Opening 26 10 2700
Closing '.... 26 10 27 00
Demand for SheeP'kiris.
LONDON, Sept. 14.— Two thousand five hun
dred bales of sheepskins were sold at auction
in Mincing Lane to-day. The serectlon was
poor, but there were several fine parcels
which brought good prices. Practically all
the offerings were sold at prices ranging
above the previous sales. Merinos were half
penny to 3d and a few choice lots nearly Id
higher. Fine erossbreds %©*. coarse-^ *?
higher. The home trade was the. best bujer,
France and Germany, taking moderate lines.
The strong demand is attributed to the health
iness of the home market and the activity to
secure wools from the skins was continued.
The scarcity is: increasing and there is dif
ficulty in finding an adequate supply.
California Fruit Sales.
CHICAGO, Sept. 14.— Porter Bros. Company's
sales of California fruit: Grapes— Tokays, 70c
<gsl 30 half crates; Muscats, 60c*s$l 25; as
sorted, 9Ocfs'sl 20. Peaches— Salways, 75c©$l
box; Plcquettes, XL Prunes— Fallenbergs, 55@
90c half crate. Plums— Coe's late reds, 60<§>
75c, half crates. Quinces— sl 25®1 35 box. Pears
— Bartletts, $1 50#2 15 -box and $1 half box;
Duchess, U 10 box; Danjous, $1 20^1 3."; Beurre
Clalrgeaus. $1 40«il 55; Onoiidagos, SI 25D1 30;
Beurre Hardys, Jl 5601 65; Huwell, $1 75; Lew
rence, Jl 30.
BOSTON. Sept. 14.— The Earl Fruit Company
auctioned California fruit to-day as follows:
Grapes— Tokay, single crates, $1 26@1 75, aver
age $1 46. Peaches— Salway, boxes, Soc@|l 10,
average 91c.
CHICAGO. Sept. 14.— The Earl Fruit Company
sold California fruit at auction as follows:
Qrapes— Tokay, single crates. 90cf?$l 05, aver
age $1. Peaches— Salway, boxes, 90cQSl 15, av
erage $1 07; Nichols, 75c@$l l". average U OS;
Sellers' Cling average $1 SO; Strawberry Cling,
$1 05^1 10, average. $1 09. Pears— Bartletts,
boxes, $1 80@2 25, average $2 OS; half boxes, S6O
(&1, average SI; JJeurre Hardy. $1 50-S1 75, aver
age $1 60. Plums— Kelsey. single crates, $1 20tfj)
1 SO. average $1 64. Prunes-Fallenberg, single
crates, 75c(&$l 10, average $1 05; German, aver
age $1 30. Eight cars sold to-day.
NEW YORK. Sept. l4\— Earl Fruit Company's
sales of California fruit: Grapes— Malaga, 9ScO
$105; Tokay, Jlft" 70; Salway, 96c@$l 06; Pic
quette's Late. S(k}i9oc. Pears— Bartletts, $1 7Mj>
2 70. Fourteen carloads sold.
Porter Bros. Company's sales: Pears—Bart
letts, fisciis2 SO b-ix and $1 2i>lil 304 half box:
Beurre Clairgeaus, $1 75-31 90 box: Winter Nel
lls. Jl 50. Peaches— Salways, 90c<g$l SO box;
Picinjettes, $1; Crawford's SI; Strawberry, SI;
Diamond, $1. Grapes— Tokays. 80cij?$l 7rt half
crates; Malvoise. Jl 15; Muscat, 90c(g$3 75; as
sorted. SI 10®l 20.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Pept. 14.— There was an ample
supply of cattle to-day and the lighter grades
went slowly at lower prices. Good to chotce
cattle. $5 70<36 70; commoner grades, $4 3(KJ>
5 60; bulls, cows and heifers, $5 15<g5 40; Texas
steers, $3 50ff4 75; rangers, $3 50Q5 30; calves,
$4 tOO? 20.
The demand for hogs was excellent and
prices advanced about 5c all around. Heavy
hogs, $4 l(Vg4 65; mixed, $4 56&4 75; light. $4 35
@4 75. Plge, $3 6Cg4 60; cull., $2 25(34 10.
She»p and lambs were stronger under im
proved demand, lambs advancing 6910 c. Sheep
sold at $2 ( '<73 25 for low grade, fair to fancy
native bringing $3 75ft 4 40 and most of the
Westerns at J4^4 15. Lambs. 56T7H 40 for best
grades, the bulk brinKlnc $n 16#6 35.
Receipts— Cattle, 8000; hogs, 25,000; sheep,
15,000.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Bent. 14.— Consols. 105 7-16; silver,
27 3-16 d; French rentes, 10M 20c; wheat cargoes
off coast, nominal, unchanged; cargoes on pas
sage, rather firmer; cargoes Oregon, 2ws 6d;
English country markets, quiet and steady.
LIVERPOOL, Sept. 14.— Wheat, steady; wheat
In I'aris. dull: flour in Paris, dull.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 9-16&
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Snot— No. 2 red Western winter,
steady. 5s 9d : No. 1 Northern spring, steady.
fis i ! 2 d. Futures— Quiet : Beotember, 6s S%d;
December, 6s l(B4d: March, (is
1'• >KN— Spot— American mixed new, steady.
3s 4 T s.i. American mixed old, steady. 3s 4%d.
Futures— Firm: September, 3s 4%d; Octol>er, 3s
5V»d; November, 3s ",> 4 d.
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 14 — To-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
aide cash balance, $282,761,861; gold reserve,
J256.247.076.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Sept. 14.— Clearings, $295,719;
balances. $57,151.
Northern Wheat Market.
ORK<;i>X.
PORTLAND. Prpt. 14.— LJght receipts of
wheat still continue. Fifty-eight to fifty-nine
cents Is paid for Walla Walla and where badly
needed it might command a higher figure. Val
ley, 69©61&
[foreign shipments from Portland for the
week ending to-day were 130.438 bushels.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Sept. 14. —No activity In wheat.
Small quantity moving. Prices unchanged.
Club, 5Sc; bluestem, Glc.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
I Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 84
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87
Sterling Cables — 4 SS
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Mexican Dollars 48 4876
Fine Silver, per ounce — 69
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— market was sluggish and fea
tureless all over the world. An advance at
Liverpool hardened the Chicago market at the
opening, but it subsequently fell back agAn to
a still lower point.
The local market continued dull and un
changed.
Slot Wheat-Shipping, $102%@103%; milling,
$1 07%@l 10.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
8000 ctls. $1 10% l 8000, $1 10%.
Second Session— sales.
Regular Morning December— l2.ooo
ctls. II 10%. May 6000, $1 15%; 6000, $1 15%.
Afternoon Session— December — 20,000 ctls,
$1 09%: 8000, $1 10. May— 2ooo. $11514.
BARLEY— Like Wheat, this cereal is neglect
ed, and quotations are more or less nominal.
The market is seldom, so dull at this time of
the year.
Feed. 80<ii83}4c; Brewing, 95c; Chevalier,
$1 10@l 22% per ctl. . : „
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— sales.
Regular Morning Session— No eales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— Receipts are not heavy, but the de
mand is very light and offerings are neglected.
White, »1 05®$l 17%; Red, $1 05@l 12%; Black,
50(g&7%0 per ctl.
CORN — The market continues apathetic and
unchanged. Eastern large Yellow, $1 05; White'
and mixed, $1 O2V&@l 05 per ctl.
RYE— 9O«?92%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOTR— California family extras, $3 60*3:3 75,
usual terms; bakers" extras, $3 4IVS3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $3 4O'a3 50 per bbl for extra,
$3 25^3 40 for bakers' and $2 26103 for super
fine.
MILLSTT'FFS -Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per Kin rbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Cnrnmeal, $2 50; ex
tra Cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal. $4 6004 75;
Oat Gronts, $4 75; Hominy. $3 2563 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $4W4 25: Cracked Wheat. $3 75;
Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $G 55J?« 95; In sacks. $6 Rs(Sfi 7.".;
Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas.
$6 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
While receipts In this city have fallen off dur
ing the past two or three days, there Is a large
quantity detained by the railroad over In Oak
land, the company being five days behind In Its
liveries, bo the falling off In- receipts is ap
pi rent, not real. The market continues quiet
and unchanged. . . v '■■ v
Feedstuffs stand as before.
BRAN- $15 .Wil7 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 50@19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $IS@lB 60 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $27?/ 28; jobbing
$25'50(?T29; Cocoanut Cake, $20®21; Cornmeal.
$23 50024 50; Cracked Corn, $245:5: Mixed Feed,
$161916 60; Cottonseed Meal, $28 per ton. •
Wheat. $6 50Sa'8 50 for common to good
and $9^9 25 for choice; Wheat and Oat, $6®
8 CO; Oat, $6@7 60; Barley. 1607: Island Barley,
$5((|5 50; Alfalfa, $5 50@7 per ton; Compressed,
$6 EMM. ■ \ . .
STRAW— BO@3Sc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
All descriptions under this head continue dull
and uncharged.
BEANS- Bayos, $1 6o@l V- Small White,
$2 07V2fj2 17^,; Large White, $1 60@l 75; Pinks,
$2 15&2 25; Reds. $4; Blackeye, $3; But
ters, nominal; Llmas.' $4 10; Pea, $2 IS®'! 25'
Red Kidneys, $2 2:.~a2 40 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, 2M.@3c; Yellow Mus
tard, nominal; Flax, $1 ?0«2 10; Canary Seed,
2\<7i3c per rb for California and 3Vic for East
ern; Alfalfa, Sij'SSSe; Rape, 3c; Hemp, 4@
4%c: Timothy, nominal.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, *1 26@1 50; Green, $1 65
@2 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes Fhow a few Blight changes. Onions
stand the same: Corn is higher and getting
scarce. Tomatoes still rule low and plentiful.
Sweet Potatoes continue to shade off. Other
wise there is nothing new to report.
POTATOES— Garnet Chiles. 75@85c: Early
Rose 50«f85c; Burhanks, 60@75c per ctl; Sali
nas Burbanks, 90c@Jl 10; Sweet Potatoes, VAO
2»4c per lb.
ONIONS— 7O<?BSc per ctl for Silversklns;
Pickle Onions, 50<S75c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 3c per lb; String
Beans, l@2c: Lima Beans, I@l%c: Cabbage. 5Mf
60c; River Tomatoes, 2fi@3oc; Alameda Toma
toes, 26®40e; Kgg Plant, 30fr40c; Green Okra,
40@«0c per box: Uric,! Okra. lOfllac per 'b:
Garlic, 2-?T3c: Green Peppers. 255350 for Chill
and 255 3. r io per box for Bell; Carrots, 3Offi4oc
per sa.'k: Bay Cucumbers. 30^400; Pickles,
gl 5001 7S per ctl for No. 1 and 75c for No.
2: Hummer Squash, 2S®3sc; Marrowfat Squash,
iMiVi per ton; Green Corn. 60(&75c per sack,
75c@$l per crate for Alameda and 50i&6Dc for
Berkeley.
Poultry and Game.
•Another car of Eastern is at hand. Local
stock rules quiet, though there is jno particu
lar accumulation of stock.
There, is very little Game coming In outside
of Hare and Doves.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 14<@15c for Gob
blers and 14ifJlSc for ' Hens; Young Turkeys,
17@18c: Geese, per pair, $1 sQ©l 75; Goslings,
$1 50(g2; Ducks, $3 50@4 for old and $4*16 for
young; Hens, J405; young Roosters, $4@5 50;
• old Roosters. ?4@5; Fryers, $3 50; Broilers, $3
for large, $2 50 for small; Pigeons, $125 per
dozen for old and $1 50@2 for Squabs.
— Doves, 75c per dozen; Grouse, ;
Sage Hens, •; Mountain Quail, ; Hare,
$1@126; Rabbits, $1 25<gl 50 per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Everything stood the same yesterday. The
•feeling was easy all around and the demand
was quiet.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 25c; seconds, 24c. j
Dairy— Fancy, 22'4@23c; good to choice, 21®
22c; store, nominal.
Pickled roll. 20@21c; firkin, 19@21c; cream
ery tub, 21@22c per lb.
CHEESE— mild new, lie; old, 10
eiOHc; Young America, ll@lU*c; Eastern, i
14@15c. • • „ „.
EGGS— Quoted at 21@25c for store and 27@30c
per dozen -for ranch; Eastern, 22H@24c for se
lected, 20<g21c for No. 1 and 17@19c for seconds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Arrivals of Wine Grapes 'are slowly Increas
ing and buyers have reduced their bids In this
city to $15(g16 per ton, but holders refuse to
sell under 520, and there the- matter stands.
Table Grapes continue cheap and plentiful.
There Is no change worthy of note In the
other descriptions. Some choice Riverside
! Seedling Oranges are coming in and are sell
ing at H<iiibO per • box. Limes are rather
cheaper.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— - „_
Apples, 35<g60c per box for common and 7oc
(Qsl lor good to choice.
BERRIES — Blackberries. $3@4 per chest;
Strawberries, $6^B per chest fur small and $2-5)
$3 for large berries; Raspberries, $3®4 per
chest- Huckleberries. 6QBc per lb.
Grapes 20®30c per box and crate for Fon
tainebleau, 25@40c for black, 25<f;60c for Muscat,
30@50c for Tokay. VOfiSOc for Seedless, 20@40c
for Cornirhqn and 65e4f$l for Isabellas; Wine
Grapes, $lS(fj2o per ton.
Watermelons. JSGI7 per 100.
Cantaloupes— 2s<&7sc per crate; Nutmegs, 15®
35c per box.
Pears Bartlett, $1 25«n 50 per box for No. 1
t»nd 75c(35l for No. 2; in bulk, $35(050 per ton.
Figs, 50@75c per box for double layers of
black and 25®35c for white.
Peaches, 25(f?75c per box.
Plums and Prunes, 25060 c per box and crate.
Quinces. 40'?i60c per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Lemons, $101 75 for com
mon and S2?i2 50 tor good to choice; Mexican
Lime* $7®7 50; California Limes, nominal;
Bananas. $1 50(g2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, Jl®
2 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
The California Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following grades and prices
for Thompson's Seedless and Sultana Raisins,
to take effect immediately: Bleached Thomp
sons—Fancy, per lb, 10c; choice, 9c; Standard,
8c; Prime. 6c; unbleached Thompsons, 6c. Sul
tanas—Fancy, per lb, B%c; choice, 7%c; Stand
ard 6V4c- Prime, sc; unbleached Sultanas, sc;
discount for cash, 1' per cent; payments as per
terms of packers' contract.
There is a very good trade going on In all
sorts of fruits, but dealers are disposed to keep
the transactions to themselves as a rule. No
further change in quotations is noted.
DRIED FRUITS (New Crop)— Prunes, In
sacks 5Hc for 40-:,0 i s, 4%c for 50-60' S. 3%c for
i 60-70' 8, :i"i3'-«c for 70-SO's, 3c for SO-90's and 2^
Or'~-K(- for 90-100's; Aprjcots, lOrullc for Royals,
14515 C for Moorparks and 12@12%c for Blen
heims; Peaches. 4<-u4' : c for Standards, s@s^c
for choice and 6c for fancy; peeled Peaches,
10@llc: Evaporated Apples. '"''•,'...<; Sun-dried,
41i5c per lb; Nectarines*. 7',<.<gSc per lb for
red and 869 c for white; Pears, :/./7c for quar
ters and 7®9c for halves; Black Figs. 3c; White
Figs. 6®6%c; Plums, s%<gCc for dark and 7@
7%c for bleached.
RAISINS— 3^O for two-crown, 4-% c for three
crown .V'v for four-crown, s®B%c for Seedless
Sultanas, t@loc for bleached Thompson's Seed
less and $1 20 for London Layers; Dried Grapes,
" Walnuts, 598 c for hardshell, 10-3120
for softshell; Chile Walnuts, ll@12c; Almonds,
li'-.'i !I '-.c for paper shell. S«s9c for soft and
4@sc tor hard shell; Peanuts. s?; Si6»ic for
Eastern: Brazil Nuts, S%@yc: Filberts, 11@
]1..c- Pecans, 7 1 -l-'?' > *c; Cocoanuts, $1 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, ll'-jc. for bright and 10% c for
light amber; water white extracted. 7Vi(S'7V4c;
light amber extracted, 6>4@7c; dark, 5%c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@2Gc per lb.
Provisions.
Bacon and Lard are firm and active. Hams
are steady, but rrnt as active as the other two
descriptions. Quotations for all kinds remain
un<*h;:nged.
CURED MEATS— Baton, B%c per lb for
heavy. 9 / 5r9 I «.c for light medium, lie for light.
124 c' t'r.r extra light anrl 13c for sugar-run-. 1;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13'sc; California
Hams K!p; Me?a Beef. $13 per bhl; extra
Trime' Pork. $12 nO: extra clear. $16 50; mess,
JIS®IS 50; Snicked Beef. Bo per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 5V4@5%c per lb for
compound and 7c for pure; half barrels, pure,
;uc; 10-lb tins. SVic; 5-lb tins. B%c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6" s (37'ic per lb.
Hides. Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Peaiers report a strong and active market for
Hides and Tallow at the quotations. The In
quiry for Hides Is keen and shipments sell as
roon as they ptrike the town. Wool continues
quiet and unchanged.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10@10%c: medium. 9©9% c;. light. 9c:
Cowhides. 9c; Stags. 6c; Salted Kip. 9c; Calf.
10c; dry Hides, sound, 16c; culls and brands.
13c; dry Kip and Veal, 16c: dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, yearlings, 20<J?30c each; short
Wool. 35(!x 60c each; medium, 70<8'90c; long Wool,
90c@|1 10 each: Horse Hides, salt. $2ST2 25 for
large and $1 lbfi\ 50 for small; Colts. 23@50c.
TALLOW— 1 rendered. 4Vi<ff'sc per lb; No.
2. 4ii4>2C; refined. ; grease, 2i@2Hc.
WOOL — Spring Clips— Sa,n Joaquln and
Southern. 7 months. S@llc: San Joaquln- Foot
hills, defective. B©9c; Valley Oregon. 17<918c;
Eastern Oregon. 12(514c for choice and llUc
for fair to good. . ;,.:.-
Fall Clip— San Joaquln Lambs. Stifle; do
plains. 7(SSc: San Joaquin and Southern Moun
tain. nwwe.
HOPS — New are nominal at ll@l3c per lb.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 707Kc; Wool
Bags. 26fi2Sr; Fruit Bags, SV.C, »He and 6c for
the three grades of white and 7@7V4c for
bleached Jute.
I COAI^-Welllngton, $S per ton; New Welling
ton. $8; Southfleld Wellington, J7 50; Seattle.
J6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay. Jo; Wallsend. $7 50;
Scotch, $S; Cumberland, $9 .",0 In bulk and $10 75
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, Jl2;
Cannel. fS per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke. $12 per ton In bulk and $14 in
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quote?, terms net cash, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed, SVie: Pow
dered. 54c; Candy Granulated. 5Hc; Dry Gran
ulated iie: Confectioners' A, ac; California A
— , Magnolia A. 4%c: Extra C. 4Vic; Golden C,
4%C! barrel!". l-16e more; halt barrels, ».«e more;
boxe«», Vie more: 50-lb bags, >*c more. No or
der taken for less than 75 barrels or its equiv
alent. Pomlnoes, half barrels, 5%c; boxes, 6c
per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market
The situation remains unchanged all around.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers.
BEEF— '<g~*ic per lb for Steers and
for Cows.
VKALr— 7OIOc per lb.
Ml 'TTON— Wethers, 7@7V4c; Ewes, 6@6Mtc per
pound
LAMB— Spring. S(SSV,c per lb.
■ PORK— Live Hogs. s\(f75 T ie for small, 6c for
medium and S^^fi^sc for large; stock hogs and
Feeders, b^ic; dressed Hogs, 7@SV4c.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY. SEPTEMBER 14.
Flour, qr sks.... 13.54S E(4gs, doz 7 iin
Wheat, ctls 49.489 Hides'. No '140
Barley, ctls 2,3SH.Hay, tons 403
Oats, ctls 770 Straw, tons 25
Butter, ctls 161 Hops, bales 20
Cheese, ctls IKiWqoI bales ... 7tj
Tallow, ctls 225 Sugar, bbls 1 ir, 0
Beans, sks 147 Sugar, bags l - 600
Potatoes, sks .... 4,377 Quicksilver, flsks '40
Onions, sks 700 Leather, rolls ... 48
Bran, sks 2,.0 Wine, gals 25 4 r ,0
Middlings, sks .. 275 Brandy, gals .... 2*ooo
k Pelts, bdls «s|'
WASHINGTON.
Flour qr sks 5,452 Bran, sks 3,650
Wheat ctls 1,430 Flaxseed, eks ... 335
« ♦ ■
«, ♦
THE STOCK MARKET.
Securities were rather quiet on the morning
session and variations were of a fractional
character. In the afternoon Giant Powder de
clined to $75 874.
Mining stocks were quiet and not materially
changed. The telegram from the pump said:
"At 6:30 o'clock this morning the water was 34
feet below the 1950-foot level station. No. 1
elevator has been running continuously and is
regulated to hold the water at about this point,
while elevator No. 2 is being altered and low
ered. No. 2 elevator, rearranged, will be low
ered this afternoon to the l»su station. The
pressure and discharga columns taken out are
on that level."
.The Spring Valley Water Company has de
clared a dividend of 42 cents per share, payable
on the 20th.
The New York and Honduras Rosano Min
ing Company has declared a dividend of 10
cents per share, payable on September 20.
Four mines will pay dividends to-day as fol
lows: Empire State of Idaho. $324, 625; Modoc
of Colorado, $10,000; Republic of Washington,
$31.1)00, and War Eagle of British Columbia,
$26 250.
The recently elected directors of the Security
Savings Hank of this city met and organized
on the 12th as follows: President, Wlnneld b.
. Jones; vice president, William Alvord; secre
! tary. S. L. Abbot Jr.
According to the last monthly reports of the
Alaska-Mexican and Alaska-United mines, the
former crushed 14,666 tons ore, valued at $19,
--679 and turned out 299 tons sulphurets, valued
at $10,201. The ore averaged $2 2n per ton. The
gross earnings were $32.17S and the working ex
penses $19,080. The latter mine crushed 24,134
tons, valued at $35,725. and yielded 645 tons
sulphurets, valued at $20,163. The ore averaged
$2 52 per ton. The gross earnings were 188,806.
One of the mills dependent upon the water pow
er had to hang up some of its stamps five days
during the month because of the short supply.
Over $200,000 was paid out In dividends by
sugar corporations at Honolulu on the Ist, as
follows:
C. Brewer & Co.. 1 per cent $ 10.000
Ewa Plantation, 20c per share 50,000
Haw. Agriculture, 4 per cent 40.000
Haw. Sugar, 2 : 2 per cent 50,000
Honokoa Sugar, 35c per share *••• 3»,'i00
Ookai Sugar, 30c per share 7,d00
Pala Sugar, 2 per cent on
Waimea Sugar, 1 per .cent l-"° 0
« Total $208,750
Five Hawaiian sugar plantations In this city
pay dividends this month as follows:
Kilauea, 25c per share * 7,500
Makawell, EOc 1..400
Onomea, 35c 17,000
: Paauhua, 3;. c 35,000
Hutchinson, 25c 25,000
Total ...$102,400
The letter from the Justice mine for the week
ending September 12 states that on the 370-foot
level the sputh drift, started 75 feet from the
face of west crosscut No. 1, was advanced six
feet during the week, making its total length
41 feet. The face Is In porphyry, with streaks
of quartz.
The Confidence, Challenge Consolidated and
Consolidated Imperial mining companies con
tinue to prospect the west country at Gold Hill.
New. through the old surface tunnel and its
connections. East crosscut No. 2. from the
north surface tunnel, Is out 50 feet, 20 feet hav
ing been made during the week. The face
Bhowg clay and porphyry. The west crosscut
from the surface tunnel is now out 2050 feet,
having been advanced 26 feet during the. week.
The face is in porphyry.
In the Belcher mine no work was done during
the past week, owing to the timbers of the gal
lows frame having become so "rotten that they
were obliged to take down the frame and re
place it with a new one. This work is now be
ing done.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, Sept 14—2 p. m.
Bib. Ask. ! Bid. Ask.
4s quar c0up.. 1124 — Mutual El Co. — 17%
4s quar reg.... — — |D G L & H\. 49V* 50
4s new quar... — 131>4iPac Gas Imp. 65 65V4
3s quar c0up..105%1«9 : Pac L Co 40 42
Miscellaneous— SFG & E 66 66%
Cal-st Cab 55. 115 — San' Fran 3% 3%
C C Wat 55... — 110^4: Stockton Gas.. 12 —
Ed L & P H5..130 — Insurance—
F& Cl Ry 65. 1144 — Firem'e Fund. 22s —
Geary-st X ss. — 95 Bank Stocks—
HC & S s%s.lOTtf — !Anglo-Cal .... 65 —
L A Ry 58.. ..106 109 Bank of Ca1..2524253
L A LCo 'its.. :>;» — [LTal SII & T.. — 98
do gtnd 65.. 99 — First Natlonl.24o —
do gntd 55.. — 100 jLon P&. A 128 —
Market-Xt 65..12fi4— j Mer Exchange— 16
do Ist M 55. 115 — Nev Nat 8k.. 1824190
j N C* N G RTs.llu — Savings Banks—
,NR of Cal 65. U4 — Ger S & L..1650 —
N Re( Cal 58.11534 — II urn S & L.IOSO 1160
;NP CR H 6».1064 — Mut Say Bk. 39 424
N P C R R n5. 105 107 B F Say I ... suo —
' N Cal R h 55. 11 l — 'Say & L So. — 824
!OG L& H Be. 110% - Sec Say Bk. — 300
: Oak Trans 65.. 11141114 Union T C 0.1400 1440
I S)m C Ry 6H..12S 13u Street Railroads —
1' & Cl Ry 6ri.H>6>4109 California ....120 —
IKk& ORy 65. 115 — Geary 50 —
Powell-st R65.118 — Market-st .... 624 63
1 Sac Xl G&KOs — — ;<»:ik r* L&H. — 50
SF& N P BfC.IU 114 V Presidio 17 —
.5 F & S JV55.115%116 | Powder —
! S Ry of Cal 68108% — .California ....150 165
SPo( A 65. ...113 — E Dynamite... 85 —
i S P C 68(1906)11114 — Giant Con Co. 70 76%
S P C 65(1U06) — 1144 Vlgrorit 2\ 2%
S P C 65()912)122 — Hana P C 0.... 15 15 »i
SPCIs eg fo.ieZH — Haw C&SC. 96 97
5 P Br 6s 125 12*4 j Hutch S P Co 31% 31%
S V Wat 65.. — 114*; Kilauea S C... 25% 31
3 V Wat 45..11i4Vi1U44 Makaweli SC. 51 514
SV W 4s(3dm)lol>i — Onomea S C... 35% 394
Mktn Gas 65.. — — sl'aahau S Co.. 38 —
■ Water Stocks — Miscellaneous —
Contra Costa.. 75% 75% Al Pac A55n.,117%117%
y i ■ fv»unty. ■'» Met Xx Assn.. — mo
Spring Valley. lol^lo2 Oceanic S Co. — 89U
Gas ana Electric— Pac A F A 1% —
>nt L & P... 54 64 Pac C Bor C 0.140 142>4
. Eqult G L Co. 4 5 ' Par Paint Co. S4 —
Morning Session.
Board —
20 Giant Powder Con 76 50
;.". Hawaiian Cnm'l & Sugar 96 50
Mn Hutchinson S P Co 3150
JL'ikki 1* s Angeles Railway 5s 10S 50
200 Mutual Electric Light, b 20 17 00
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 66 50
5 Spring Valley Water 102 00
$1000 United States 3s 108 50
Street—
$5000 S F & S J V Bonds 115 75
Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 Alaska Packers' Association 117 50
100 Gloat Powder Con T6 00
2H Giant Powder Con 76 124
5 Giant Powder Con 75 S7 1 -
E liana Plantation Co 15 124
10 Hutchinson S P Co 31 50
25 Makawell Sugar Co 5125
IS Oakland Gas 411 25
3'><innmea Sugar Co 39 00
50 Viporit Powder 2 75
Street—
75 S F'Gas & Electric Co 66 50
J4OOO S F & S J V Bonds 115 75
SAN FRANCISCO ST&CK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
20 Contra Costa Water 75 75
25 Giant Powder Con 76 00
20 B F Gas & Electric Co 67 00
30 Paauhau Sugar Co 3S 25
20 Oakland Gas 49 00
Afternoon Session. •
Board— •-<■: :■■•
35 Giant Powder Con 76 73
20 Spring Valley Water 102 I"'4
30 Oakland Gas 49 00
75 Contra Costa Water 7;, 50
50 Equitable Gas 4 fli*
100 Mutual Electric Co. : 17 no
50 Vlgorit Powder . 2 75
50 Vißorlt Powder .. 2 8"',4
30 Makaweli Sugar Co : 51 25'
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Chollar .:....... 43 Oil Savage • 30
100 Justice ......... 10 1 100 Peg Belcher.... 05
600 Potosi 50 100 Standard 2 So
Afternoon Session.
400 Best & Belcher 601 200 Justice in
200 Best & Belcher 51 200 Overman ... ... 13
300 ('hollar ■ 43; 200 Potost " -,4
100 Con Cal & Va..l 60 500 Union Con..'..'.'. 43
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: ■
Morning Session.
200 Best & Belcher 51 100 Crown Point 20
150 Caledonia 67 200 Ophlr .... "110
300 Chollar 45 SOO Potosi " " 52
4.,0 Chollar 44 1 500 F^rpion ..." M
50 Chollar 431 200 Sierra Nevada' 7S
100 Con Cal & V.I 62%| 200 Utah ......: 13
Afternoon Session.
•400 Belcher 35 200 Justice 10
300 Best & Belcher 52 i 100 Ophir 1 in
200 Caledonia ..... 68 1 300 Utah * ik
100 Con Cal & V.I 67V4J
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. Sept. 14-4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid »_;.
Alpha 05 06 Justice .10 11
Alta Do 06, Kentuck '. 03 05
Andes 13 15! Lady Wash 1 ton 01 02
Belcher 35 36' Mexican ... A A
Best & Belcher. 51 52! Occidental ...'. 5 or
Bullion ......... 06 OSiOphir '.'l 10 lis
Caledonia 6>j 70 Overman .... " 1" 14
Chollar 43 45: Potosi " 54 55
Challenge Con. 34 3S Savage .... ' 31 3?
Confidence .'...'. 75 SO, Scorpion .. " 03 —
Con Cal & Va.l 65 179 Seg Belcher 04 05
Con Imperial .. 01 02 Sierra Nevada 78 79
Crown Point .. 20 22; Silver Hill .. ©' 03
Con New York. — 02 Syndicate .. -1 07
Eureka Con ... — 50 Standard —2 90
Exchequer — 03 St Louis .... _ 10
Gould & Curry. 29 311 Union Con ... 44 45
Hale & Norc. 30 311 Utah .... 13 14
Julia 02 03 1 Yellow Jacket! 28, 29
■ ' — . _. . . •»
Notice to Mariners.
Robinson Point Fog Signal and Post Light,
Washington.
Notice la hereby given that the Bounding
of the fog signal at this station, a twelve-in-h
steam whistle (giving blasts of six seconds
duration, with silent intervals of fifty-four
seconds) located on the easterly extreni-
Maury Island, about nine miles north ol
coma, Washington, will be discontinued ;
pairs to the machinery from October 15,
to November 1, 1899. both dates inclusive.
This notice affects the list of lights and fog
signals. Pacific Coast, 1899. No. 15S, pa?p ?:: :
also the list of beacons and buoys, Pacific
Coast, 189 S. page 70.
By order of the United States Lighthouse
Board. W. L. FIELD.
Commander, U. S. N., Inspector Thirteenth
Lighthouse District.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 15.
Sun rises .' 5:51
Sun sets 6: IS
MoOn sets 1:06 a. m.
0 ITime; ]Time| ITime]. Timel
£ I 1 Ft. I 1 Ft.) i Ft. ] Ft.
? L W H W L W| H W
. ■ : 1
15 .. 1:36-0.1 8:45 4.8 1:40! 2.7 7:40: j
15 .. 1:35—0.1 8:45 4.8 1:40 2.7 7:40 5.5
16 .. 2:29—0.1 9:25 5.1 2:39 2.1 8:46 5.6
17 ... 3:19 0.0 10:03 5.4 3:30 1.5 9:45 5.7
18... 4:02 0.2 10:39 5.6 4:21 0.9 10:401 5.7
19 ... 4:43 0.5 11:12 5.7 5:11 0.5 11:35 5.
20 ... 5:21 0.9 11:46 5.9 6:00 0.1 j
H W L W !H W L' W
21 ... 0:29 6.3 6:00 1.4 12:22 6.0 6:46—0.1
22 -.. 1:24 5.0 6:401 1.9 1:01 6.0 7:40-0.1
NOTE— In the above exposition or the Udeg
the itarly morning tides are given in the le.'t
hand column and the successive tides of t: i
day In the order of occurrence as to •time. Tl. i
second time column gives the second tide
the day. the third time column the third tld.
and the last or right hand column gives th*
!ast tide of the Bay, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on th«j
United States Coast SUTvey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height
and then th» number given Is subtracted from
the depth -given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, TJ. 8. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal..
September 14, 1899.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at i
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., in charge.
<$. .
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. '-| From. I Due.
I - —I •
Brunswick Oregon Ports :... Sep. 13
Areata ] Coos Bay Sep. 13
Point Arena Point Arena Sep. 15
Bonlta San Pedro Sep. 15
Mackinaw iTacoma Sep. 18
Miami [Seattle Sep. 17
Columbia Portland Sep. 17
Santa Rosa San Diego Sep. 17
Empire Coos Bay Sep. IS
Del Norte (Willapa Harbor Sep. IS
Crescent City...! Crescent City Sep. IS
Tltania Nanalmo Sep. 19
Pomona Humboldt Sep. 13
Coos Bay Newport Sep. 19
Colon [Panama : Sep. 19
Coptic China and Japan Sep. 19
Walla Walla. Victoria & Puget Sound Sep. it
Willamette .... Seattle Sep. 2)
Corona San Diego Sep. 21
Weeott Humboldt 'Sep. 22
Mariposa Sydney Sep. 22
State of Cal .(Portland Sep. 22
North Fork [Humboldt [Sep. 22
TO SAIL
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. 1 Pier.
Homer Cape Nome... Sep. 15, 2 pm Pier 16
A. Blanch'd Oregon Ports. Sep. 15, 10 amIPier 13
State Cat... Portland Sep. 15, lOamiPier 24
Corona [San Diego Sep. 15, 11 am Pier 11
Bertha 'Alaska Sep. 16, 2 pmlPier 6
Pomona Humboldt Sep. 16, 2 pnVPier 9
Areata Coos Bay Sep. 17, 10 amIPier 13
Samoa Humboldt Sep. 17. 10 am I Pier 2
Bonita 'Newport Sep. 17, 9 amPier 11
North Fork. Humboldt..... Sep. 17, 9 am Pier 2
Luella 'Tillamook Sep. 18, 9 am Pier 2
Point Arena Point Arena.. Sep. IS, 2 Pier 2
Weeott Humboldt Sep. IS, 2 pm Pier 13
San Jgan... [Panama Sep. 18, 12 m PMSS
Queen [vie & Pert Sd.'Sep. IS, 10 am Pier 9
Coquille Riv Grays Harbor Sep. 19 |
Santa Rosa. San Diego Sep. 19, 11 am Pier 11
Columbia .. Portland Sep. 21, 10 am Pier 24
Australia ... (Honolulu 'Sep. 20, 2 pm Pier 7
Coos Bay.... Newport. Sep. 21, 9 am Pier 11
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, September 14.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 19 hours from Eureka.
Stmr George Loomls, Bridgett, 35 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen, 14 hours from Green
wood.
Stmr Queen. Jepsen, 56 hours from Victoria
and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Newsboy, Fosen 20 hours from XTsal.
Stmr Alice Blanchard, Hall, 58 hours from
Coos Bay.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland, 26 hours from Monterey
and way ports. 1
Stmr Samoa, Jahnsen, 24 hours from Eu
reka.
. Ship Aryan. Dickinson, S days from Seattle.
Ship Wm H Macy, Groth, 31 days from Bris
tol Bay.
Schr Laura May, Hanson, 16 days from Ev
erett.
CLEARED.
Thursday, September 14.
Stmr State of California, Green, Astoria;
Qoodall. Perkins <lt Co."
Stmr Corona. Hall, San Diego; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Br stmr Robert Adamson, Morgan, Nanaimo;
John Rosen f eld* I Sons.
Fr bark Jacques. Benadao, Queenstown; Bal
four. Gutbrie & Co.
SAILED.
Thursday. September 14.
Br stmr Robert Adamson. Morgan, Nanaimo.
Brig Constielo, Page, Mnhukona.
Pchr Honoipu. Olsen, Honolulu.
Schr Ocean Spray, Nyman. Iversens Landing.
Schr Volante, Christiansen. Coquille River.
Schr Western Home. Daerwitz, Coos Bay.
SPOKEN.
Sept 10. lat 23 40 N. lon 74 16 W— Stmr Ad
vance, from New York, for Colon.
MEMORANDUM.
Per stmr North Fork— Sept 14, 4:30 a m. about
30 miles NW of Point Reyes, saw the raft in
tow of a steamer.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOgOS. Sept 14. 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind; SW; velocity 12 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Sept 14—
Stmr Mlneola. from Nanaimo.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Sept 14— Schr
Barbara Hernster. heqce S.-pt 13.
QUAYS HARBOR— Arrived Sept 14— Br tug
Pilot, towing barge Colorado, hence Sept 5. for
Departure Bay; short of coal; sails to-night
SAX I ilKGO— Arrived Sept 14— Br stmr Car
marthenshire, from Yokohama.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Sept 14-Br
ship Manchester, from Shanghai.
EUREKA— Arrived Sept 14— Stmr San Pedro,
hence Sept 12; Br bark City of Adelaide, from
Shanghai.
Sailed Sert 14— Pchr Ottillie Fjord, for San
Pedro; schr J G Wall, for San Francisco: ntmr*
Grace Dollar and Brunswick, for San Frai
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Sept 14-Schr Lottie
Carson, for Eureka; schr Comet, for I' t
Townsend: stmr Aberdeen, for ; stmr Pasa
dena, for Eureka.
USAL— Arrived SeDt 14— Stmr Rival, hence
Sept 13. 2
ROCK PORT— Sailed Sept 13— Stmr Scotia, for
San Francisco.
ALBlON— Sailed Sect 14— Stmr Cleone for
San Francisco.
Arrived Sept 14— Stmr Tillamook, hence Sep
tember 13.
MENDOOINO— Sailed Sept 14— Stmr Point
Arena, for San Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived Sent 14— Ger bark Neck,
from Nagasaki; Br bark Powys Castle, from
Vladivostok.
FORT BRAGG-Arrived Sept 14— Stmr N •.
hence Sept 13; stmr Sequoia, from Newport.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 12— Br stmr Athos,
from Colon; ship S P Hitchcock, from Hono
lulu.
I Sailed Sept 12— Stmr Finance, for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SHANGHAI— SaiIed Aug 22— Br ship Man
| Chester, for Tacoma.
j NANAlMO— Arrived Sept 13— Nor stmr Tita
nia. hence Sent S.
MANlLA— Arrived Sert S— Ship St Mark, Cm
Newcastle, NSW.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
I CHERBOURG— Arrived Sept 14— Stmr Au
j guste Victoria, from New York, for Hamburg,
and proceeded, and arrived at Southampton.
Sailed Sept 14— Stmr Kaiser Wilhelm 11, from
Bremen, for New Yorl;.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Seat 14— Stmr Wer
j kendam, fmm New York.
Sailed SeDt 14— Stmr Rotterdam, for New
York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Sept 14— Stmr Canada,
from Boston; stmr Irishman, from Boston
NEW YORK-Sailed Sept 14— Stmr Columbia,
for Hamburg, via Cherbourg and Southampton.
Arrived Sept 14 — Stmr Patria, from Hamburg
and Boulogne.. OFTHt )
\\nxrai\ttj)
DEATH OF THE
TELEPHONE GIRL
NETTIE FRIEBEL
Flemming
Makes Defense.
Oakland Ots.c-i Sar. Francisco Call.
90S Broadway, Sept. 14.
The story of the unhappy death of Hlas
Kettle Friefcel. the 13-year-old telephone
■"■■.■ has drawn attention to the effect
the work has on seme delicate consttai
-
Robert Flernmlnz, manager cf the Oak
"..ir.ii ofSee, was asked to-day if sickness
is prevalent among the hundred g-irla em
;. -'. it the Twelfth-street building.
'There is really very little," he said.
"Xettfa Friebci must have been with as
r. .;• a sbort time, as I do not even rec
illeet her name. I am inclined to think
that her mother has attributed rather too
much to action of the telephone on her
girl's brain. There is no netjd far a sir!
a suffer. We have an. elegant retiring
• ■ — . with a matron to attend to girls
that *eH sick and wish to leave th.c tables
for a few hours, and wi never question
their sincerity in such matters. If a girl
be taken ill in our office and does not care
-;■ into the retiring room we send her
i'ene in a hack. Frequently a giri will
si to a dance and will be out very late,
and it is net surprising that she feels ner
vooa and sick the next day. I cannot say
aaytftfng about Misa Fne'cel's case."
Mr. Ems, who ha^ charge of the giriJ,
says that Nettie FrUbei did not work
men? than cr.e month Car the company al- ;
togetiwr, and left acout a month a^o.
■"21133 Friebei's mother say 3 she was but
IZ years o-d." said Mr. Ellis, "but she ap
peared to me to be nearer :M. See never
complained to m<*. and as ihe was only
a substitute her hours were not so con
fining as those of the regular anrls. After
a girl has been here a little while I al
ways make ri«id inquiry regarding the
)f the work on her general health.
-■\.---y -::-^s any one complain, and
:~r T-.ris hrr^ ire as stronsr and
y as they ever were. H!s3 F>iebel
: .; appear to me to be very 3tron#,
when site ie£t here about a month ago
a made no ccmplalnt of being sick."
Xettie'S one month at the switchboard
was more than ber nervous system could
stand. After betn? attacked by brain.
fever phantom, receivers and messages
impossible of interpretation were the com
:^..-.:.r.j of her delirium till relief came
with death.
SCIENTIFIC DISCOVERIES
MADE IN ALASKA
3~?.t-CZI-ET. % Sept. 14.— An expedition
ct ;:■:: University of California prr>
izsaors .azzslszijus of.Cr. W. B. SetcfaeQJ
Dr. WDHini Lynn Jepson. Dr. A. A. Law
son and L. E. Hu.it returned from Alaska
::-.;j.y. The expedition was undertaken
to explore the Alaska coast of the
3«srir.^ Sea, with a view to studyin? the
botany of these reasons. The ie!<l is one
■which, has previously been. left untouched
'zy •'•A^nziaii. so tint the results obtained
by tiw party of Eerke!ey men are Uk-?iy
to prov-; of very considerable importance
£ : *Se scientific TS"or!d.
Tlie eJtpeditioti le£t h-ere Jast Hay. and j
. i- >een r:r.»? almost four montha. Th« |
p.xrtj- nrst h-eaded for Unala^k.a. niakir.g- i
::-,-ir :-^.i.i.;uarters there. From that
point they undertook extensive explora
tions alenT the coast, making a careful
collection of specimens. Their tr.vestijra
ons centered principally about Unaiaika
: at. Michael, but was by no means
confined to thos* places. The work wn
u-.i^rtaken solely for acientinc purposes,
j.r.-: \z~ resiilta have no other interest.
.». Cttd report Ts~.il be published later by
- •- ~en "thensselves ci the tlora. of the
.v.diijn ctfast, ar.d its bearing 1 upon some
of the problems cf botany.
~r:v~c lar-je packing cases contain the
rj-'iiis^r.s which the professors brtn?
:-,otc* with them. Some are aaid to be
very rare. They will be examined by the
botmicai department of the university to
■ietsrmine their exact significance. The
more valuable ones will be placed In the
university museum.
FIEHL DOES NOT KNOW
HE ATTEMPTED SUICIDE
-
■
-
-
-
■
-
TESTING ALAMEDA'S
WAGON LICENSE LAW
OAKLAND. Sept. 14.— The Alameda city
cr-I'.r.ance imposing a tax on all outside
(»«Ify*ry wagons visiting the precincts of
the Encinal City will be tested ta. the
cotzrti through the instrumentality of the
Oakland Merchants' Exchange. Some
,\iys xlxo K. Sinclair, a driver for a pro
duce he use. was arrested ia Alameda for
a violation of the ordinance, and to-day
he Borrendered himself to the authorities
across the estuary. Immediately Attorney
Fred B. Fry sued out a writ of habeas
corxroa made returnable at 3 o'clock this
afternoon. The matter came up at that
hour before Judge Ha.ll, but a hearing
wl > continued until to-morrow afternoon
to "give the Alameda City Attorney an
epeortunity to appear on behalf of the
rnunKipaUty. Sinclair was accordingly re
leased on furnishing J5 baiL The mer
cfc«nts of Oakland contend that the Ala
nieda law is class legislation.
CAME FROM SYRIA TO
TAKE A BROTHER HOME
OAKLAND, Sept. 14.— Sfcucry Ed&e. the
eccentric Assyrian. stud'iSX, whose mind
became deranged some months ago
through worry-lcs over an imaginary in
curable ailment, will return shortly to his
oid home in Syria. District Attorney Al
ien had. recently b^en appointed younj
man's guardian, but to-day Jud« Hail
appointed in his stead Michael edde a
brother of the afflicted man, who has
journeyed hither for the purpose at
fcrinsinjr Shucry back to hi 3 old torn* In
"""Tt<» n*?wlv appointed guardian was r*
qulred to gin a bend In. the sum of JI2QO
with Alexander Haraia and K. Khourl a3
sureties.
Will Hold LaTisrna a While
O VKLAN'D. S.?pt. 14.— Oliver Lavf^ne,
alias "3lontn»a! Frenchy," the tramp
whom Fred Nelson accused of having ;
ir -rder**! a boy at Laramie. Wyo., plead
e! guilty to a va^rrancy eharg-e in the
Police < 'curt to-day and was sentenced
to three months In the County Jail.
Though the murder story has been ex
ploded the authorities regard Lavi)?ne as
a. hard character and It was believed to
subserve the best Interests to lock the
tramp up for awhile. 2
§KiCß[!i\£H>
MAYOR KICKED BY HORSE
WHILE UNDER A WHARF
-
MAT -
: ' -
- -
■
. . - ■ ■ i Boai
:
■
i
■
-
-
- '
• -
■
-
rater roa
!
■ ! -
|
-
■
PEOPLE WILL
ARRANGE THE
BOND DETAILS
No Secret Plan Has
Been Prepared.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
90S Broadway, Sept. 14.
H. W. Watkins. president of the West
Oakland Improvement Club, stated at the
meeting" of the Associated. Cluba that it
was ais opinion that the details of the
bond issue are already arranged and that
ill the work being done by the eight im
proved clubs in the association, is use
less.
The '.■■.-- to-lay that Mr.
Watkins Is mistaken. "The details of the
bond issue." said Mr. Snow, "will depend
to- a great degree on what the improve
cnent "clubs and every other progressive
»iement in the city recommend. I can say
without fear of contradiction that not a
single detail has yet been decided or even
subjected to any more than, cursory dis
" - r wV"are always credited in Oakland
wt*h "being slow, but the issue of bonds
is certainly one at those things that must
r.ot and shall not if I can heip it, be hur
r<ed through without mature deliberation.
[ do not know at present of any one thing
[ipen which any considerable portion of
the city is agreed, except perhaps the con
struction of an Intercepting sewer along
Che estuary. No one knows what parkd
we want, what wharves we need, or what
3th*r improvements should be undertaken
at this time. Nearly everybody has a
rc-erai idea, but no city can jump at an
framatur* conclusion and vote to put her
-eif into- debt for forty years without
knowing very clearly Just what she is
-
"it" is a grave mistake for any one tn
imagine that any little gang of politicians
or capitalists or any other element is
going to get together and lay down tne
law as to now bonds shall be issued. This
is pre-eminently a matter for the whole
people and 30 io-ng as I am Mayor the
whole peo^Me shall pass upon it and shall
help with their advice the decision of
the details. In a few days the tax levy
will be out of the Council's hand and then
I think it will begin its deliberations upon
this v«»ry important bond question."
At the next meeting of the Associated
Clubs the executive committee, which 13
composed of one delegate from each club.
will present a report embodying the ideas
of each club on the bond question, and
the association will, from thi3 data, agree
upon a recommendation, to be made to the
City Council.
DEATH-BED WILL OF
P. L. GOCHNAUER FILED
OAKLAND, Sept. 14.— All doubts here
tofore existing as to whether Philip L.
Gochnauer, who died in Alameda. August
itJ last, had left a will were put at rest
to-day, when a typewritten instrument.
dated ten day 3 prior to Gochnauer'a
dsath, was nied for probate. A. D. Taylor
of 54ti Forty-sixth street, Oakland, apply
ing for letters. Taylor and Mrs. J. Entz
mann of Alameda are witnesses to the
wilL. The widow, Florence Addle Goch
r.auer. is named in the instrument as sole
devisee and executrix, but she declines to
act in the latter capacity. The two chil
dren, Elizabeth C. a#ed 13 years, and Fil
bert L-. agtid IS years, are omitted In the
will, as testator believes the widow will
provide for them. Tappan & Simpson ap
pear as attorneys for petitioner. The es
tate is worth $10,000, consisting- of real es
tare in Alameda and Sonoma counties.
.■ m •
May Donate a Library Site.
O.IKLAXu. sept, l*.— it is now pcssinie
thac it may not be necessary to use one
of the public squares for a. site for the
Carnegie library. Councilman Taylor suc
ceeded in having: the matter laid over by
tfc«» Council, as he said some citizens were
tryin? to secure a site to prea«int to the
dry vr '''. -■"■.
\. "tart was made to-day when Chair
mkn~Flint of the Board of Library Trus
tees received the following- dispatch:
N"EW YORK. Sept. 14.— E» P. Flint. Library
T-sstee Oakland: I will contribute JlfWfl
toward purchase lot for public library as pro
cosed la your letter. Eefor* buil.'.lnjj semi
selc-ted architect to se« library tSat stands
as a monument to the public spirit at Boston's
mi hi. who try to build up. not destroy
r.v»sirnent* of her citizens— whers It is po»ai
bl< "far Carnegies to be made. Keep this jfisn
> hum zsctlemaa la Uaarance o£ our lack of
hcme prid* and »«nero»ity and of, our petty
Jealousies, cr he wUI back out.
je «^ufliea. -r WILLIAM - T DfiMBOL
THE RAiff FRANCISCO CALL, FBIDAY, SEPTEMBER 15. 1899.
ALAMEDA COUNTY
WILL FIGHT
CREATION OF
PLAYGROUNDS
Hoodlums May Use
Them.
Oakland OSes Sar. Francisco Call
3CS Broadway. Sept. 14.
Wliliain T. cfagehora, one of the pio
neer merchants of Oakland, called at the
office cf the Board of Works tins after
noon, and made a very pronounced objec
tion to the scheme of converting a por
tion of Jefferson Park into a children's
playground. Mr. Sagehorn was advised
to make his objection, to the beard in
open session and this he will do.
Jefferson Park is located between Sixth
UXd Seventh. Jefferson and Grove streets.
'Tn that neighborhood," said Mr. Sage
horn, "there are two gangs of hoodlums
and if any inducement be offered them
to gather in. that park they will be flght
tng frcm norcisg till night and till next
rnomir.fr. If these people Interested in
:hildren want to give them a playground
[at them place it where society lives, over
in. Madison Square. or els<i P ut ie cc r " a
Seventh street side of Jefferson Park,
where the noise of the children will be
drowned by that of the Seventh street
local train. All the property owners on
the Sixth street side think as I do. and
we don't want lighting boodlxms or
shouting children continually making' a
noise and giving us trouble at our front
doors. Many times I have had to go out
and step fights with the park as it is. If
it 13 made into a public playground the
gangs will be there all the time and the
park win be ruined as a park."
In the Mayor's office there is now on
display a large blue print prepared by a
landscape gardener to the order of the
Board of Works showing how the south
and east triangles of Jefferson Square can
be converted into a girls' and boys' play
ground at little expense. The pian pro
vided for all the ordinary fittings of play
grounds and the Oakland Club composed
of ladies interested in child culture are
heartily in favor of the public playground.
The club has published its reasons why
It favors the using of a portion of the
park for recreation grounds. In their re
port t3 the following paragraph:
In Oakland we have a ciimats eminently
l£aptc4 to outdoor life, with sunshine three
tounha at the year. It is urged that there la
za necessity for playgrounds for children; that
they a!r«ail7 have too much play; that there
irs dozens of vacant lots open to them. These
ars facts, but net all the facts. The streets
are no's- the common playground; really the
3nly playground for Uttiis children during- the
period o£ strongest character growth. The
{nrrrvtg* at the street !a corrupting. Pla7 ta
be of greatest service should be wisely directed.
Children should be surrounded by <;bje«:ta that
wtll cultivate the beat and purest ideaia.
-
PLANS FOR RECEPTION TO
ALAMEDA'S VOLUNTEERS
ALA-MEDA, Sept. ».— .Members at the
various sub-committees in charge of the
arrangements for the reception to be ten
dered the returned Alameda volunteers
met in the Record- courtroom last
evening. Every committee wa3 repre
sented. .
Treasurer Hlnchman reported that near
ly $200 had already been subscribed, and
there were a number of solicitors yet to
be heard from.
Colonel Charles Sumner has been se
lected to deliver the address at the
grounds where the open air reception will
be held, Miss Lottie C. Kent of Grand
street will sin>? '"The Star-Spangled Ban
ner." Charles L. "Weller will act as toa,*t
master at the banquet, to be given in
Armory HaiL A blosraph and stereopU
con exhibition will be given at the
grounds. One of the principal biograph
scenes will be the arrival of the Sherman
with the California troop 3 aboard, the
landing and. the march up Market street.
The committee on carpentering and the
committee on electric lights will meet at
the Thompson grounds Sunday morning
to arrange plans for Illuminating' the
grounds and th<» erection of a speaker's
stand. Spruce Camp No. 132,. W. O. Vv"..
the Inaugurators of the reception, move
ment, again demonstrated their patriot
ism Ust night by donating $2 sto the re
ception fund. This 13 the largest amount
yet piven by any lodg-e or society. Spruce
Camp also desired to purchase seventy
rive tickets to th« banquet, but owing- to
the bis demand for tickets the committee
was unable to allow them that number.
The committee of .twenty will meet to
morrow evening to discuss further plana.
PAHTOSKEY IS
ROW SUED FOR
MAINTENANCE
Bride of a Few Months
Charges Cruelty.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Sept. 14.
To the many tribulations of aged Her
man Pantoskey., the wealthy Junk-dealer
of lower Broadway, was to-day added ■>
sensational suit for maintenance filed by
his wife. Rica Pantoskey.
The parties were married in San Fran- !
cisco on January 23 last, and the affair
created quite a flurry in Hebrew circles. ■
Pantoskey ... a widower, and married
on the advice given him by his first wife
an her death bed. Store then the aged
man's life has. been filled with misery
and saddest regrets.
In the complaint Mrs. Rica Pantcskey
alleges that their matrimonial happiness
was of =hort duration, for "on February j
1 1S3!? \e cursed and reviled plaintiff,
keeping such behavior up until July 6,
when she was compelled to leave her
bomt" The complaint charges Herman.
with imbibing too freely in spirituous
liquors on June 15. and remaining in a j
state of intoxication for several days.
July 4. according to the complaint,
was a particular day for celebration and
general boisterous conduct on the part
of the asr*d junkman, for on the natal
day. recites plaintiit. he "called her a
thief and brnoramus," declaring that "he
was sorry *he married her," asserting
that "he would like to get rid of her.'
Charges are also made that Herman.
"pinched and squeezed plaintifl in. ■.-. in
hum.tn manner."
Mrs. Pantoskey avers that she is in
destitute circumstances, while her cruel
husband has considerable property,
money on deposit in banks, and that he
threatens to sell out everything. .She
therefore ask 3 for a restraining order
ar.d JT3 per month for her support, be
sides ccu-csel fvea.
Another interesting suit, resulting from
domestic difficulties, id the long threat
ened divorce suit of the CaMlfo of Fruit
vale which was Sled late this afternoon,
wherein Christopher Cahill charges his
wife. Margaret T. Cahill, with cruelty.
Each had long threatened to sue the
other, and the sensational scene which
occurred in thsir home in Diamond last
Friday night brought matters to a cli
max. At that time Cahiil objected to the
presence of William SLikwitz in his home.
An encounter ensued. ainkwitz was
thrashed, but later, so Cahiil claims,
flourished a gun, and ordered the irate
husband out at the house. Sinkwitz was
arrested, and next day Mrs. Cahill bailed
him out. Thereafter Cahill was arrested
for disturbing the peace of his wife, and
to-day Slnfcwtbs was once more arrested
on a charga of battery preferred by
Cahiii. The trial of the suit promises to
be a very lively one.
Judge Ellsworth to-day granted B. v . J.
Merle" a divorce from Florence R. Merle,
on the ground of willful desertion, and
awarded to him the custody of the three
minor children.
Theresa B. Ufken was granted a di
vorce to-day by Judge Oeden from Johr.
G. Ufken on the ground of cruelty. Thes^
parties were married in Illinois in 1886;
ard for several years resided at Tesla.
The divorce suit of Frank G. Kaiser
against Mary E. Kaiser, brought on the
ground of desertion, was continued this
morning by Judge Ogden. until October
31, far the purpose of giving the plaintiit
further time to collect evidence. It was
stated that when Mrs. Kaiser left the
courtroom to-day 3he was assaulted by a
female friend of the plaintiff, who
slapped her face, but the incident hap
o^n^d so suddenly and was so promptly
hushed that every one concerned feigned
total ignorance on the subject.
FIELD DAY ENTRIES FOR
BERKELEY HIGH SCHOOL
BERKELEY, Sept. 14.— Next Saturday
afternoon the athletes of the Berkeley-
High School will hold an intercias3 field
day on the University c£ California
cinder track. Fcllowing' is the iist of en
tries:
100-yard dash— Duggaa. Weils, Eawley, Bini?.
amaa. Hartley. Rodiey. Gr\gz*. Volt. 440-yard
<iaih— Volz. Hartley. Dobbins. Hall. Staftte.
i LJnacctt. Wells. ::3)-yard hurdle— lrwia, Haw-
W Bingaman. S*)-rard runr-Dcbbina, Bin?
ainan. Hall. Harrison. Blunimer, Grig>ra. ston
er Vela Linscott. 229-ya.rti daah — Weils. Rod
ley Bulgarian. Tola. Stahie. Hartley, Kawiey,
Hun- ■ ;£Q-yir.-I hurdles— Lrw'a. Dugsan.
Hartley; Bfn^arnan. ifilrt run— Lins<rott. llc-
X«, Dobbins,' Hall, Harrison. Mile walk—Me
! Kee H«n<iarson, Br^hm. Pc»*y. Paie vauit—
Irwtn, Val2, Hawl«y. Pcpe, Hannah. Running
hijrh. jump— Eadtmaa, Dwrg-aa. Kruacnke, Mc-
Bride, Ridley. Volz, Irwtn. Hammer thra^v^
Voiz, Bing-aman. Whitlock. Rannln? broad
jump — Dugg&a. Volz, Hartley. Irwia, W«IU.
Putting 1 th« shcr.— Vola, Eawtman, KrnrMg,
Whitlock. Stable.
HOW TO HANDLE LADIES.
>; &g of a Child Causes Issuance oil
Plain Circular to Carmen.
OAKLAND. Sept. 14.— Superintendent G.
Robertson of the Berkeley division of the
syndicate railroads has issued a letter of
advice and warning- to the employes.
After citing his regret for the killing' of
little Risi, he says:
Taka no chances with pedestrians or drivers;
it ia better to incur the ill will o£ a. driver by
ringing ycur gon* furiously than to ?ive him
the opportunity, after he ha 3 been struck by a
rar to say that the trong was not ran?. Take
no chances wtth chiliiren. for they do not real
ize the <lacser anrt are not so much to bla.iie
Bit beins on the traoks j.a their gnardlana are
h;r pexmittlßC them to be there. Do not h»st
tata'to reverse yuur car if you think • -re is
any ilangw ot atrtkln? a. person cr a vehicle.
It is cheaper even to repair armatures thaa to
repair broken bones, besi^ies a person may be
deaf cr blind and not be aware of your ap
proach, at lease all should be considered such
while they are on or near the ear track 3.
In the third ;lace. conductors should use
every precaution to prevent ladles and children
from ailshttnff from the car until it has cotne
to a full stop. It is better to take hold at a.
lady's arm. even at the risk of Insulting her,
j than to giv£ her a chance to say, after she Has
fallen, that the car stopped aad started again
too quickl7. thereby causing 1 her to falh
Workmen Grand Lodg» Sued.
OAKLAND, Sept. 14.— F. Marly to-day
filed suit in the Superior Court against
tixe Grand Lodire of Ancient Order of
United Workmen of California for the re
covery of $2000 on a benenciary certificate
issued originally to itfathaea Wolfmaier
on July 3, ISS«S. In the certificate defend
ant agreed to pay to Katie Wolfmaier the
sum stated, upon the death at ilithaea
Wolfmaier. her husband, who was a mem
ber of Vesper Uvige No. 62. A. O. U. W.
According to the complaint lira. Wolf
maier died before her husband in July.
ISM. and llathaes then !n writ) directed
that the CWO be paid to plaintiff. In Au
gust, I£!6, Mathaes passed away and at
the time was a member In goad stand
ing: of Vesper Lodge. Two months later
plaintiff made a demand on the Icdg'e for
the $2000, but was and has ever 3ince been
refused. Maily now asks judgment for
the otfsteal amount tog-ether with inter
est at t per cent per annum from Octo
ber 1. ISM, and hl3 costs. . .
Yoakuin. Denies Fraud
OAKLAND, Sept. 14— F. B. Yaakxini
has tiled an. answer to the -suit brought
against him a few days a.gr> by W. J.
Spencer, wherein the latter charges that
defendant traded him a lot In Sari Diegtj,
r" presenting It to be worth $5000, when in
reality it was worth but COO, far his
millinery stock and fixtures tn a. 3tore on
San Pablo avenue, thereby defrauding
him- Yoakurn denies each and every al
l«gutian and declares that h* is amply
provided financially to meet any judgment
Spencer might get against him, and de
nying that spencer has no adequate rem
edy in the ordinary course of law for his
alleged Injuries or that equitable interpo
sition is necessary.
The Prohibitionists of Oakland will meet
•with the State executive committee at 145»
BusS street to-morrow night .to discuss
the Indiana plan of campaign
HE DODGED "MISTS"
AND THE "UNKNOWN"
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, Ml Broadway, Sept. 14.
ALFRED WILKIE. the well-known tenor, is one of the few men who has
had the pleasure of reading his own obituary. It cornea to him all the
way from Chicago, where many years ago WllkJe was tie organizer of
-he Saturday Night Club. A faw weeks ago Wilkie wa3 reported as be
ing m his deathbed, and half a dozen physicians had declared that he
would not see the sunrise an the following morning. When this bulle
tin was issued, some energetic newspaper men. knowing that Wilkie had a
Chicago musical record, put on the wire the item that the papular tenor
passed into the unknown singing a. aong.
On the strength of this dispatch, a musical critic of the windy city wrote
Wilkie 1 - obituary. It was sent to Mr. Wllkis to-day., and, after reciting
th* facts of his final sickness, It says:
"His soul was full of music and fellowship. On« at ■': i last survivors of
that old Saturday Night Club is not surprised to hear that the last act of
Alfred Wiikie was a song as the mi3ta gathered about him and he passed
into the unknown."
Mr Wilkie was discharged a few weeks age from a. sanatorium, i- . earr
ing the loss of about twenty pounds of fl^eh, he is a long way from the
"mists" and the "unknown."
MYSTERIOUS ROBBERY
OF A LOT OF JEWELRY
OAKLAND, Sept. 14.— The clever opera
tions cf a mysterious burglar, who a few
2ay3 ago made i rich, haul at the home of
Mrs. C. L. Peregoy, 1027 Chester street.
West Oakland, are puzzling the detectives
who are now investigating- the case* The
articles stolen include a necklace of gold.
an old gold watch valued chiefly as a
keepsake, a Masonic charm, a fob chain,
a diamond iocket and numerous other
trinkets, aggregating a total value of
abont 1300 or $400. A peculiar feature of
the aflair ia the fact that the jewelry was
not all taken at the same time, the dia
mond locket beln? first missed. The next
day the gold watch was missing and later
the other articles. An investigation baa
failed to reveal any evidence of the burg
lar having- forced an entrance to the
house, from which fact the detectives are
led to believe that the smooth worker
may be some ore familiar with the prem
ises and interior of the residence.
— . ■ m ■
>r - .t: •- Z-'---i Iff . :
OAKLAND, Sept. 14.— Marriage licenses
were issued by County Clerk Jordan to
day to the following: b red L. Mitchell,
aged 24 years, and Amy W. Cashing. II
years, Oakland; Robert J. "Webber, 30
years, and Mrs. Belle Mead, 23 years,
Oakland: Dennis H. Neville, 37 years.
Rodeo, and Josephine Horgan. 27 years.
San Francisco; Frank Milne Dewar, 23
years, and Ida Mac Smith. 24 years. Oak
land: Archibald L. Hettrich. 2S rsars,
San Francisco, and Mary Elizabeth Crane,
21 years Oakland.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— O2T^ Xi±£—
STjr-jsr
INSURANCE OFFICE
O- THE 315T
day of December. A. D. 1338, and tar tee
year ending en tna: 'day. as made to tlie la-
si'.ranes Commisßioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to tie provisions of Sections
610 and till of tii« Political Cad*,- condensed aj
per bianii furnished by tie Ci lll'l 111 I— itlllllT
CAPITAL.
Amount of Canital Stock, oald trp
in cash
ASSETS.
R"aL Estata IWB by Company $230,000 00
Leans on Bonds and Mort^a^ss 135.00 C 00
Cash Market Value of ail -rocks
and Bonds owned by Company 1,311,265 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stacks and other market-
able securities as collateral
Cash In Ccmpany'3 OfSce 472 31
Cash is Banks ■ 170.952 15
Interest due an.l accrued on all _
atocks and Loans _ 23,137 12
Interest due and accrued on Bends
aad Mortpjes • L3EO 33
Premiums in due Course of Coliec-
. r*.m is
BUia recelvabLe, net Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks
P»nts due a.-.d accrued 1.423 17
Cue from other Companies for Re-
insurance an leases already paid:..
~- i. assets ..g.72*,371 37
r.TABrLrTTES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid JIS.3S6 43
Leases hi process ■! Adjustment or
in Suspens* 177.353 57
Lcs»es resisted, Including expenses 10.4U0 00
Grcss premiums on Flr» Risks ron-
nl"? one year or less. J351.523 12;
re-lhsurance 50 per cent 430,75138
Gross premiums en Fire Risk' nra-
alnj mcr» than one rear, U.WB.-
-113 27; re-S~surance pro rata 193. Hi $2
Gross" premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks. $ ...;
r»-lnsuraare 100 per cent
Grass Premiums an Marine Tim*
Risks, X ■■• : re-insurance •'' per
nt and 'accrued" for" salaries. rent!
...  . 1,3X0 67
\ll other .-:-■.., against '*:•> Coin-
' pany s«.3fiZ -'
Total llaallltles .«.»9.33* 98
Di --yen.
Net Cash actually received for Fir-
pr-mlums :..•■•••„■ * 1 " '* M 1j
Net Cash actuaUy received far Ma-
rine premiums ■"'"; 'j
Received far Interest on Bonds and
Mort^WS " •- 9,030 00
Received tor Interest ar.d dividends
en Bonds. Storks. Leans and Dm
all other sources £US2 S3
Received for rents... 10.043 40
Total income ..tl.B7S.aa 43
• EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
* (including J148.440 -3, losses ft pre-
vious years) •- 904 - ■ i * 3 ♦»
Net imount paid for Marine Losse3
* (Including- J". ••-► tosses of pns-
vlous y»ars> -••
Dividends to Stockholders.....
Paid or allowed for Commission OK
Brokenga v ■■ ■••-■- - «*3M ID
Paid for salaries, F»es and other
charges for officers. ci^rka. etc.... M. .-H 10
Paid for State. National and local
m_T«>a .«..»..»-•-.....•-....•»•••■***-• 4X.I«i .4
All otherpayments and expenditures 121.103 <J6
Total expenditures t1.50«,ai0 94
Losses in^irred durta» the rear ©61.310 39
Risks and Premiums. |Flre Risks. [Premiums.
Net amount of Bisks 1 I
written during' the yea.- 122,061,782 10
Net amount of Risks ex- , ,„ _, _
pired during the year.. 222.358.701 2,124.313 75
Net amount tn forca De- !
cember 31. 1308 . 3Dg.707.*n: 2,509.'H2 33
J. J. GUILS. Crated States Manager.
«uh«crtbed and sworn ': before me this MS
«ay of January. 1399. f _
EDWIN" F. COR3TT.
Commissioner for California, In New Tori.
J. B. F. DAVIS & SON,
General Agents Pacific Department,
OFFICE - - - - 213-215 SAHSOME STREET,
SAN FBANCISCO. CAI*
Telephone Ma?a 5968.
LESLIE A. WRIGHT,
Assistant General Agent.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
la a Great Restorative, Invlyarator and Ner-
vine.
■ The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic tat the- Sexual Organ* of both, sexes.
The Mexican Remedy foe Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own Merits.
NABER. ALFS & B3OTE. Amenta.
323 Market street, S. 5" —'Send for Circular.)
11.00 |8T Year
H^D^mo
KAARSBERG ELECTED
BASEBALL CAPTAIN
BERKELEY, Sept. 14.— "Pete" Kaars
berg has been chosen captain of the Uni
versity of California baseball team. Th*
selection was made by the members of
the team last night, and their choice in
favor of Kaarsberg waj unanimous. Th«
new captain's reputation on the diamond
ts quite well known, tie having played
pitcher for the last two seasons on the
university nine. His election give 3 much
satisfaction to the Berkeley men. Be
sides playing fullback in last year's foot
ball eleven he also holds the office of
treasurer of the Associated Students.
• ♦ •
5- :— ■-- of Harness.
OAKLAND, Sept. 14.— For the Brst time
in twenty years K. ■■" Snow is not an
officer of the First Congregational
Church. For some time past the Mayor
has been the president of Its ■ board of
trustees, but at his ursent and persistent
request he wa3 left off the board elected
at the annual meeting- last night.
"I have seen the church grow until it
has become the present powerful organi
zation." said he. "and have taken a hand
In directing- Its finances until the valuable
property Is entirely free of incumbrance,
the current expenses are all provided for
and tn addition there is a comfortable
surplus In the church treasury. My mu
nicipal duties now take all my time, and
I have been forced to withdraw from the
executive department of the church."
The new board of trustees consists of
C. S. nCarmen, F. M. Smith. Georare EC.
Collins, R. H. Chamberlain, J. C. Agard,
S. T. Alexander and J. B. Richardson.
STATEMENT
OF TH23
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
NATIONAL STANDARD
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF ecsw TORS. is thz STATE OF NXW
York, on the 31st day of December. A. D.
IS2S. and far the year endiss? en that lay, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of th»
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 810 and 811 of the Political Cod*,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid un in
Cash COO. 000 (M
ASSETS. ~* —
Real Estat* owned by Company.....
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages *
Cash Market Value cf ail Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company 1545,300 00
Amount of Leans secured by pledg-e
Cf Bonds. Stock 3 and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral....
Cash in Company's Office
Cash in Eanka U. 901 32
Interest due and accrued on all
Stock? and Leans 3,194 17
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages
Premiums in dua Course of Collec-
tion 33,333 It
Bills receivable, net Matured, taken
for Flr» and Marine Risks
Rents due and accrued. Internal
Revenue Stamps 10 04
Due from other Companies fcr Rein-
surance en losses already paid.....
• — — — —^-~
Tata! assets .- ■ lE9S. Iti4 32
LIABILITIES* ~~
Losses adjusted and unpaid 14,35 00
Losses in process at Adjustment or
in Suspense 23. TEH W
Losses resisted, including expenses. 4,330 JO
Gross premiums on Fire Riska run-
ning one year or less, $134, Mi« 00;
reinsurance 50 per cent 87.033 00
Grcs3 premiums on Fire rrirtn ran-
ning mor> than one year. $34,631 57;
reinsurance pro rata .... ..... 24,083 SO
Grass premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Rlak3. { :
reinsurance 59 per cent . 15,369 33
Gro(?» premiums on Marine Time
Risks, I ; reinsurance SO
per cent 17,75« C
Ail other demands against th«
Company
Total liabilities t-.ia.-*g 58
INCOMS.
N«t Cash actually received for Flr«
premiums ■ 5157.394 97
Net Cash actually received far
Marine premiums 5,24 37
Received far interest on Bonds and
Mortgages -. ■
Received far interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Leans and frgnx
all other sourc-s. IS. 3*! Jl
Rscelved far profit an sale of Bonds 833 20
Total lncom* . ..........y... , !■■... 119 a. S3
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount pa.d for Fire Losses
.Including S , losses cf pre- _
vious years) $183,557 07
Net ■■■■-' paid for Marine Losses,
(Including S , lasses of pre-
vious years) - 30,301 73
Dividends to Stockholders — ....... 24,400 00
Fa: or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 53,373 36
Paid me Salaries. Fees and other
chargfea for officers, clerks, etc — 1.18 00
Paid for Stats. National and local
taxes IBS fi
All other payments and expenditures 8.143 28
Total expenditures - 1236. 01
Losses incurred during the year J152.773 ■
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks, j Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written daricg the
year 534. 370.03 90 ; 3206,48143
Net amasnt cf Risks
expired during the
year .. 48.24&.031 00 «5,53T 10
Net amount ta force
December 31. 1338 ..1 18.528.034 » 188. 58
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risk* 'Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year '■ »84.3*4 00 C3.IH a
Net amount of Eiaksj
expired during the
year l 1570.309 00 55,247 13
Net amount m force ■
December 31. 1533 .1 . 425.833 00 15.559 55
E. C. CONVERSE. Pr-st.
R. BLEECKER RATH3ONE, Secy.
Subscribed and ywnm to bef.:r» me, this isth
day of January. 1539.
GEO. O. RUGEB, Notary Public
VVINFIELD S. DAVIS,
GENERAL AGENT,
;215 SANSOME ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
TELEPHONE /*t^IIN "39<5S
RDTTCUI7C ?°X- barbers, bak-
JJil U uliLO'^ bootblacka. bath-
acusea, biUlard taclea.
brewers, bockbladerm, candy-maker*. caan«n,
<ty«!rs flour mills, foundries, laundries, paoec-
dangers, printers, •alnrnrs. shoe "act one*.
Wanlirmen. tar-n-.o'-rs. tannnrs. taller*. etc.
HMsUWM BROS..
Brush Manuracturers, 609 Sacrasieato St,
( j OF THE
\ABAycrnLsH
SHE KNEW WHAT SIDE
AUNTIE BOYD WAS ON
ESTCIDESJT ES" LATEST SBEACH
OF PBOHISE SUIT.
John Nicholl, the Aged Capitalistic
Defendant, Recovers From His
Fainting Spell.
OAKLAND. Sept. 14— John. Nicboll. the
ag-ed capitalist, who is bein? sued by Jane
Hodg-s for $50,000 damages on alleged
breach of promise to marry her, has quit©
recovered from the shock he experienced
last Tuesday while undergoing- an exami
nation at Dr. S. H. TVoolsey's ofice, after
adjournment of court. It Is expected the
trial will be resumed with renewed vigor
on Tuesday next.
There is considerable speculation as to
what will be the testimony of Mrs. R. -i.
Boyd, who la a sister of the late lira.
John Nlcholl. She and her a:p»d brother
in-law and his daughters ha.- always
b<»en on the best of speaking terras, but
there ha 3 evidently been some chansre.
Yesterday when court opened itrs. Boyd
was seated on the side c* the bouse occn
pied by Jane Hod^e'3 champions, and
Slazie NichaU looked fiercely ■: her. A3
soon as an opportunity offered Mail a is
said to have approached Mrs. Boyd r«
markin?, "Well, it is plain to be seen
which side you are on," and then she --"
ried from the etna
— •—
BIRDLESS HAT SHOW
Ebell Prepares a Novel Exhibition.
Will Also IKsplay Colonial
Headgear.
OA-KLA2TD . Sept. Mrs. President
R. P. Gieascn of the Eb«ll has iscrued th»
Invitations for t!ie "*■* shcrcr" to be held
at the Ebell Tempie. - ttHH - and Har
rison streets, next Tuesday evening- and
"Wednesday afternoon.
The hat show La the result cz a move
ment -which originated with the Andubon
Club in Chicag-o, the purpose or which ia
to prevent slan^hteria? ci birds for
the adornment cf headg-ear. The EMU
took the matter up in earnest some -week 3
ajro and i committee was appointed to
arrange -the details. There will be nnn
dreds of hats on exhibition from the
choice collections of fancy -headdress
cwe«' by Oakland's wealthy ladies. All
of these hats will be devoid cf feathers,
beak 3. bills or claws.
There win be one section at tie hat
ahow devoted to the headgear worn by
the dames of colonial times. Many col
lections cf colonial relics have been
searched for specimens of the primitive
and quaint hats worn by the traotn.
pr« of the last generation.
STATEMENT
—OS* TES—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF AMERICA
OF tsmUr YORK. IN TEE STATS O7
New York, on th« list day of December.
A. D. 1598. and for the year ending on that
day aa made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the Stale of California, pursuant _ : th»
provisions of sections 510 and 411 of the Pclltl-
cal Code, condensed as per biasi furnished
ty th« Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount at Capital Stock, puid up
in Cash . en" '1
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company....
Leans on Bonds and Mortgages....
Cash Market Value of all Stock and
Bonds owned by Company JSO7.COO 59
Amount of Loana secured by pledg»
of Bonds, Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral
Cash in Company's Office
Cash In Banks .... . 48.405 33
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 4,208 33
Interest due and accrued on Beads
and Mortgages .
Pr»m"ii-r in duo Course of Collec-
tion - 38.552 a
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for F'.ra and Marine Risks. In-
ternal Revenue Stamps 24 33
Bents due and accrued
Due from other Companies for Rs-
tnsuraacs on losses already paid..
Total assets -• 1594.2: 13
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid 18,241 00
Losses In process of Adjustment or la
Suspense -— - S*,33S 08
Losses restated. Including expenses. . 250 00
G-oss premiums on rtr« Risks Run-
ning one year or less, H71462 90;
reinsurance 50 per cent.. . 18,331 43
Gross premiums on Fir- Risks Run-
nlnjr more than one year, 143.413 77;
--insurance pro rata 3,543 53
C*"ss pr-miunJß on Marine and In-
land N4--.a-i:lon Risks. 16305 71; re-
insurance 100 per cent..™..-...™ 1,305 T|
Gross pr-miuma on Marina Time
Risks' -* ■ — reinsurance 50 per
Au'otasr' demands against tn« Com-
pany • • m.tts 3
Total liabilities ~.....~... H73.473 03
iNCoarsL ~~ ~
Vet Caaft. actuary received for Flr»
premiums lii"\i-- $137,248 M
Nat Caen actually received for
" Marias premium* ■■ . i, Ct 94
Rac«iv«d for Interest on Bonds and -
Mcr*ija^e3 "intar-st and dividends
Received for Interest and dividends
en Bonds, Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources ai3 43
Received for Recta -^ ;'>?
Total incoms- ■ Cai.994 a
HXPE?rcrrrT-
EM Mff> paid for Fir* Losses
(Includinar % . looses of pre-
v'oua yeZrs) ■• y 104.308 'A
Net amount paid far Marine Losses
* (including I . losers of pre-
vious years) - • • J4.305 TT
Dividends to Stockholders 30,300 »
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage •- -■ GSM 43
Paid far Salaries. Fees and other
charges for of Seers. clerks, eta.... 1475 09
Paid for State. National and local
taxes .......--..-.--...---..-..-.-----. 8.573 10
All other payments and expenditure* lies
Total expenditures ................. C 55.563 SI
Flra. Marine.
Losses incurred inrtns;
the year »141.<g4 14 15.3C4 !7
Risks and Premiums. IFire Rlaka. Premiums.
Net amount of Riaksj
written durtnsj the'
year .....33.333,597 00 «44.r_: tJ
Net amount of Risks
expired during Use
year : 50.334,335 00 1 441.383 38
Net amount in force
December 32, 1553 21.53,109 00 21S.SS1 47
RUk3 and Premium*, 'Mar. Risks. IPremluma.
Net amount of Risks
written during th»
year J327.H7 00 CJ.351 33
Net amount at Risks
expired during tie
year 923.73100 J3.E5 M
Wet amount in. force!
December 31. 1858... 1-0.C38 00 8.3C5 7»
ROBERT C. RATKBONE. Prest.
R. BLEEICSH RATHBONS. Seer-
Subscribed and »-%~;rn ta befara m«. tnlsj
27th day of January. 1339.
GEO. O. RVGEH. Notary Public
WINFIBLD S. DAVIS,
' GENERAL AGENT.
;215 SANSOME ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
TELEPHONE MAIS 5 968
S^\^ Br.Grbbon^sDispeiisarj',
la^^ 620 KXISTT .IT. Eataclished
SS^f^^m'^ 1 9J» for the :r2atmet:s of PHtim
a Dr. Gfl)bon"s Dispensary,
62.1 KXABXT *T. Sataollahed
:n 1994 for zae ;r=acmen: at P^-ivata
■taaasa. Lost Maiihoo*! I>ollity or
iSS~S^B4 disease wearing :>! bodyand mind
Skin Claeaspa. Taedactarcnreswhen
thera fail. Try aim. Caarg«s low.
SffiHHß f»rnfnarau»*4. Canorwrtte.
Dr. J. i. tilßßO.'i. Box 193T, i'raaclaca
■10
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San F*ra_ol«>o
Call, oorn«r of Market Mid Third street*, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery -treat.
corner Clay; open until 9:SO o'clock.
800 Hayes street; open ud«] 9:30 o'clock.
638 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clocK.
fls Lnrkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission rtreet; open until 10 o'olock.
_61 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until i o'clock.
JO6 Eleventh rtreet; open until « o clock.
1096 Valencia street; open until t o'olock.
Northwest comer of Twenty-second a_d Ken
tooky streets: open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
YERBA BUENA Lodge of Perfection *¥?*
No 1-Meetlnff THIS EVENING, at 8 A
jo-olock. P. 5 GEO. J. HOBIC. Sec. <^k
REGULAR meeting of the Caledon- v %t St»
Jan Club THIS EVENING, at BS, &O1
o'clock, at Scottish Hall, at 117 '§sJ_3^*
larkin st. akgus McLEOD, Chief.
ANDREW McNAJR, Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Gold and Stock Telegraph Company of Cali-
fornia will be held In the office of the presi-
dent. SOI Montgomery St., room 18, on
WEDNESDAY, the 20th day of September,
1593, at 2 o'clock p. m., for the election of a
board of directors, and such other business
as may come before the meeting.
B. F. WEIHB, Secretary.
Office— €o7 Market st.
ACCOUNTANTS.
6. X BALLARD. 401 Cal. St.. designs, audits _
afliuFts account* for corporations A firm ref.
~~~~ ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
HAGtriRE _ GALLAGHER— James O. Ma-
•rulre (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
mcred their law offices to the Parrott build-
Ing, 826-865 Market St.: tel. South 215.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
CLARA FOLT7J. attorney at law. Crocker
blcg. ; tel. Black 71: practices In all courts.
L. S. Cs_ARK.'Emma Spreckels building, 927
Market; consultation free; no fees In advance.
1. R. PARKER, 916 Market St., room 67; advloe
free: charge low: business pushed.
KAGLE _ NAGLE, Attorneys-at-Law. Emma
Spreckels building. 927 Market at.
ADVlCE 'free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Maaon.
~ BOARD AND ROOMS.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT— first-class; 171*
Market St., S. F. Cal.; American and Euro-
pean plan; elegantly furnished rooms, single
or en suite: board and room, $1 per day up; |
suites without board, $1 per day; single room.,
Me: special rates by month, also to tourists.
AN exceedingly quiet and attractive home Is
open to a few appreciative people: terms, In
advance, J35. Home, box 2267, Call.
ELLIS 607— Well-furni6hed front rooms, with
good board; bath: telephone; gs«; piano.
GEARY. 533— The LonßWorth— Elegantly fur-
nished front suit; single rooms; excellent brd.
GEARY, 938— Elegant suite, bath, front gar-
den, separate entrance; also single rooms.
O'FARRELL, 742— Clean, comfortable rooms;
good home cooking: special rates to gents.
THE LONGWORTH. 532 Elegantly fur-
nished front cult; single: best board. ■
VAN NESS aye., 940— Nicely furnished rooms
and board: all modern conveniences.
VAN NESS, Elegantly furnished rooms;
excellent board: special rates to couples.
BOARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— Home In private family of refine-
ment by \ mug lady; can pay $5 per week.
Box 2200. Call.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
WANTED — or two children to board. 206
Bartlett st. Use piano; near school.
WANTED— I or 2 children to board at 439
Minna st.
WANTED— lnfant to board; $10 per month. 210
Lexington ay*.
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
"_CHOOIT BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Book Co.. 704 Mission St.. near Third.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
I37Jo— Market st. corner saloon, close to Chroni-
cle, well stocked, paying tiptop; lease; owner
must go to Mexico. WILKE, 906 Market at.
A—? 1200— DAIRY, produce and delicacy stori
In very best location and doing a good pay-
ing business; elegantly fixed up; sell wholo
or take partner. Call R. G. WILKE, so*
Market st.
CORNER grocery and bar on Hayes
st • rent $35: old-establ. and good paying
place; no credit; all cash custom. Inquire R.
G. WILKE. 906 Market et.
A $750 PAPER route: call and examine. R.
G. WILKE. 906 Market ft.
A— CORNER saloon with 6 rooms; rent
$60; mercantile lunch; surrounded by whole-
Bale houses and iron foundries; place clearing
above $100 per month; lease; a splendid offer.
K. G. WILKE, 906 Market Bt.
A— S4.'OO— THE leading restaurant and oyster
9 parlor on Market St.; open day and night; no
better paying place in this city; lease. R. G.
WILKE. &06 Market St.
1500— CORNER saloon, with side entrance and
clubroom; runs $60; choicest location; 1 block
from I'helan building. R. G. WILKE, 90ti
Market St.
JL— $l5CO; CORNER grocery and bar; transfer
point; rent $40; a good-paying store; estab-
lished years; full value in sight: all cash
trade. Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
jV_sMo— CORNER saloon in the heart of city;
near Market Ft.; old established; must be sold
account knew. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
A— s7so BUTCHER shop; prosperous town of
State; 75 miles from city; more than value;
beat-class trade: hotels, restaurants and pri-
vate; worth $1500; clearing $100 monthly. M.
£ESS, 765 Market st. .
CORNER; fruit, groceries, cigars, to-
bacco, candies, etc.; store central; north, nr.
Mar clearing $125 monthly; retiring from
business. M. LESS, 765 Market St.
$200— BARBER shop; 3 chairs: 4 rooms: rent
$17 r.O; must be Id; r snap. LESS. 765 Marls/ 1.
J • RESTAURANT; location where 1000
persons employed; meals 20c; rent $15; must
soil. N'BERO & CO., 26% Kearny st.
A— s7o*V- BAKERY; fine location: handsome
store; 6 sunny living rooms; 3 good horses,
wagon; bakintr 2% barrels flour dally; owner
retiring. STENBERG & CO., 26% Kearny st.
A $375 ...;
Cigar Stand
fronting popular hotel of 700 rooms. STEN-
BERG & CO., 2G% Kearny st.
A— $300— SALOON, 4 fur. nr is. ; good chance
man and wife. KREDO & CO., 22'_ Geary st.
$300— BRANCH bakery, delicatessen; 3 rms.;
good bus. KREDO & CO., 22% Geary St.
A— $450— GROCERY, bar; good cor.: n. Market;
$20 to $30 day. KREDO & CO., 22% Geary st.
BARGAINS this week. HEALY, 917 Market.
Saloon; 3 rooms; at half value $275
Grocery and bar; fine location; rooms 225
Partner In rest. business; clears $75 each. 2"0
Bakery, eonfec., cigars, etc.; country town 500
Restaurant clearing $100 month; vicinity Mar-
ket and City Hall; best of reasons for selling.
<3."0 SECURES third Interest in Pacific Coast
Supply Company; investigate; business prop-
osition; active man or woman. Call or ad-
dress Pacific Coast Supply Company, 122
North Butter 1 St., Stockton, Cal.
BRANCH bakery and grocery store of 11 years'
standing to be sold cheap. GEO. W. H.
PATTERSON & CO.. 170« Market st.
BARBERS— SI7S; 2-chalr shor.. fine fixtures,
near 8. F. : fine location; good prices; cheap
rent; $25, $30 week. JONES. 865 Market st.
J7oO— SALOON — Best location city; near Market
et.; central; fine business. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
$400— SALOON nnd lunch house; 9 rooms; best
location on city front; good place for man
and wife or 2 men, or will accept good man
as partner. Apply liquor store, 815% Folsom
ft., Dear Fourth.
$300— OLD-ESTABLISHED transfer cor. saloon
on two principal streets, south MarKet; well
stocked; good business; trial given. Box 2045,
Call.
•■>ooo — RESTAURANT, vicinity Third and
Market; intending purchaser can have trial a
week or more. Apply 743 Mission st.
1250— SALOON northeast corner Post and Kear-
ny sts.; stock, fixtures, billiards, etc.; cheap
rent; lease; cause, sickness. ;
— >r-<?TATIRANT: paying; first-class location;
all conveniences. COREY, 2418 Central aye.,
" Alameda.
IWENTOR of an indispensable tool wants a
moneyed partner; a good thing. Box 650,
Call office. | ,
*ifft-P\RTNER wanted In wholesale and re-
-1 ttn huViness; estab. 6 years. Box IBM. Call.
urn r, i. , chance— Saloon with 7 rooms, suit-
H ?mJ Pfor family; in best part of city: low
rVn?- will *™ cheap; doing splendid business;
_-•! retirement voluntary; no agents, pur-
cni/cr- o'niy St. Address box 2042. Call.
T+i «<r«r wanted; old-established corner saloon;
BUSINESS CHANCES—
$750— RESTAURANT; bargain;. disagreement of
partners. McLauehlin & Co., 777% Market.
$650— SALOON; best bargain In the city. Mc-
LAUGHLIN* & CO., 777% Market at.
FOR honest dealing, buying, selling a business,
trust to Pacific Room Renting Co., 426 Kearny.
SANDWICH wagon ready for use. Apply 826
Treat aye., near Twenty-second st.
BARBER Rhop and bath house for sale cheap;'
South San Francisco, San Mateo County; sell
on account of sickness. .
TO ■ — Fine business location, northwest
corner Post and Larkin: 1003 Larkin. living
room, $17 50. 102 Eddy st.
WOOD, coal yard; must be sold; double and
single team. 1033 Sutter st.
$400— RESTAURANT, with every convenience;
fine location; good trade; sickness. 1003 Hyde.
BARBER shop with good trade for sale or rent;
furnished complete. Box 2268, Call office.
RETAIL and wholesale wine business on Mar-
ket St.; widely known and well advertised;
steadily growing bar and family trade; own-
er completely retiring from line of business;
rare chance for active party. Communloate at
once with D. E. N., box 3203, Call office; no
agents.
SALOON— S3SO; fixtures alone worth price. 12
Seventh Bt., I. O. O. F. building, opposite
new Postofflce building.
CASH grocery, daily receipts, $23; rent $15; sold
at a sacrifice, owner having to leave at once. i
Address box 792. Call offioe. Oakland.
A CHANCE for house painter;, old-established
business, tools and stock; low rent. 926 Wash- !
lncton at.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S\4l2 Sacramento st.
PRIVATE boarding house: 15 rooms: all full;
north of Market. Box 1341. Call office.
GOOD paving inside route for sale; this paper.
Apply Call office.
FOR gale— Good paying Inside route on this
paper. Apnly Call office.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
DELIVERY wagon carrying one ton; top and
road buggry, good as new. SHAW, 1621 Markt.
STRONG grocery wagon, top, fine horse and
harness; cheap. 1423 Powell st.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom gt.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 858-357 Tehama st.; tel. S. 40.
LAST and best. Sanitary Cleaning Co., "for
health." 342 McAllister St.; phone South 146.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
4."3 Stevenson St.; tel. South 223; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. <02 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st. ; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning, 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
X?TICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing: a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Spear st. »
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
Fight; diagnoses disease; full life readings;
ladles. 60c; gents. $1; sittings, $1 50. 126 Turk.
C STEERS, medium. 112% Oak St.; circles
Tues. 8 p, m.; Thurs.. 2 p. m. ; $25c; read-
ings $1.
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth, 2 and
8 p. m. 14 McAllister, r. 35; admission 10c.
MRS HARLANDS' test circle to-night: sealed
letters read. 10c; trance sitting. $1. 34 Sixth.
C V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
S p. m.. 25c. 409 Leaven worth Ft. ■
PROF. GEE, readings, $1; test circles Tues.,
Thurs., Fri., 8 p. m. : 25c. 1035 Market st.
MME. LANGE, queen of clairvoyants, 1167 Mar-
ket, bet. 7th and Bth; fee 25c up; satisfaction.
MME HANSON, card reader and palmist;
past, present, future; 25c. 148 Sixth St.. r. 12.
MME MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
MM AUGUST, 1149 Mission St.. clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay; 2oc.
GYPSY life reader, returned with renewed
power in spiritualist reading: 25c up. 5 7th. !
MRS J J. WHITNEY, trance test medium, j
life' reader, medical clairvoyant. 232 Stockton.
YOUR future told by cards, 2.'c; daily, 10 a.
m. to 10 p. m. ; Sun.. 7 to 10 p. m. 105 Larkin.
MRS C. J.MEYER. 335 McAllister, tests daily ex-
cept Wed. Sat. ; 2 sittings dally.
MME SYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 2'c: ladles. 914 O'Far'-gll ft.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 6 rooms and bath and yard; gar-
■^.den. 521 Pfeiffei^ bet. Stockton and Dupont.
FELL. 622— Sunny furnished cottage; 6 rooms;
large yard.
TURK, 1707, near Scott— sB; neat cottage; 4
rooms; yard; respectable location.
DENTISTS.
DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors. 927
Market St., over Cafe Zinkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the best and most artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up; other fillings from 60c;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain; plates that fit
' from $4 50 up: flesh colored plates from $3 50
up; teeth without plates a specialty; open
evenings and Sundays. ■
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry.
Synol, on application to the gums, removes
the pain; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
bud stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings, 50c: crowns, $3 50; plates,
full set, $5: all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st. j
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St.. cpr. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bMg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty : gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.: Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P., Manager.
_Tr GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4; |
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students: guaranteed 12 years.
VAN VROOM— extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators: no students. 997 Market st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
BET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
MEYER, 6 Turk; Deutscher Zahnarzt; crown
and bridge work: open Sundays. 9 to 12 m. "
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
LATEST patterns Just arrived from New York
at McDowell Dressmaking School. 103 Post.
; »— ■— — — ~*~~~*~~~""- — ~**~~— ~— *~~— ~~**~*~~* ~™ "~" — ~*
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., San
Francisco — Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, telegraphy.
English branches, civil and mining engineer-
Ing, assaying, "blowpipe, geology, mineralogy,
surveying, etc.; electrical engineering—
practice, design, construction, mechanical
drawing; 25 teachers: Individual Instruction;
200 graduates annually placed in positions;
students can enter for any course any time;
no entrance examinations; new 80-page cata-
logue free. , ;
A NIGHT School for Men, Y. M. C. A., Mason
and Ellis sts. — Opens October 2. Business and
industrial course Shorthand, typewriting,
bookkeeping, electricity, mechanical and
architectural drawing, German, Spanish,
English, grammar, mathematics, elocution,
commercial law, physical culture classes, etc.
A membership privilege. Call or send for
school catalogue. . Tuition within reach of all.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St., short-
hand, typewriting, bookkeeping, writing Eng-
lish, telegraphy, under qualified teacher; low
rates: life scholarship, $50; catalogue.
A— THE Lyceum, accredited preparatory school
for the universities, law and medical colleges;
day and evening courses; references, Pres.
Jordan or any Stanford professor. Phelan big.
.M. G. BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal), instructs
in shorthand; pupils by mall. 302 Montgomery.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Markt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
lng, mech. survey,aßßay,archi.;dayand even.;
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
LADY, experienced high school teacher, Uni-
versity graduate, teaches in families. 954
Adeline St., Oakland. .
SINGING, piano; Paris grad. ■ French, Spanish,
ft mo. £30 G. G. aye., r, 6-7; hours 2 to 8.
THE BA2ST FB Ay CISCO CAIX, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1899.
EDUCATIONAL^
GUITAR taught scientifically and artistically.
Mrs. C. J. & Miss Elsie Tooker. 1008 Bush it.
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory of
Lelpßlc; lessons, 76c. 320 Golden Qate aye.
LAW Schools, 927 Market. S. F., and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night ; correspondence.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 805 Larkin St., opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic.grammar, writing:
day and night: terms low. 1024 MlPSlon.nr.6th.-
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. OAKI. 30 Geary st. : tel. Grant 56.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires a situa-
tion; best reference; city or country. MISS
H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter at.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook desires a situa-
tion; reference. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323
Sutter st.; phone Main 651.
COMPETENT second girl desires situation;
best of ref.; city or country. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter St. t „
FIRST-CLASS American cook desires situa-
tion; understands her business; city or couu>
try. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St. • '
j SCANDINAVIAN, first-class cook, also English
second cirl. both with best of references,
wish situations. See J. F. CROSETT & CO..
[ Sl6 Sutter st. \
FIRST-CLASS Swedish seamstress, will assist
second work, $25. Call or phone Grant 185,
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary Bt.
A WOMAN wishes a position to do light house-
work and washing. 19% Fourth St., room 9.
GERMAN woman wishes situation In hotel or
boarding house; Is good cook on pastry; city
reference. 137 Third St.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes situation as
peamatress. Address R. L. 1.. 220 Third st.
GERMAN girl wants a place to do cooking In a
private family; no washing; good references.
Box 2197, Call office.
WANTED— By a competent German woman,
housework by the day. Call or address MRS.
M. It, 257 Stevenson st.
YOUNG woman leaving for Hawaii, Is used to
traveling and a worker, wishes the care of
Invalid or children; free fare expected. Apply
150 Cook st.
GOOD American woman. wants work by the
day: cleaning empty houses; also carpet
Cleaning and all kinds of work; fine worker;
$1 a day and car fare. 276 Jessie St., near
Fourth, first floor, room 1.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes work in fam-
ilies or at home. 919 A Sutter Bt.; telephone
larkin 962.
EXPERIENCED German girl wishes situa-
tion as chambermaid in private family; city;
; references. 1022 Larkin st.
GERMAN girl for general housework; good
wages. 629 McAllister st.
WANTED— a respectable woman, a situa-
tion for housework; no objection to small
washing; good plain cook. Call 231 Langton.
MIDDLE-AGED lady would take care of baby
by day. or do cleaning in hotel: sleep home..
82% Tehama st.
SITUATION wanted by tallorees to work on
custom-made pants. Address MRS. MAY LE ,
FILS, 4r2 Santa Clara St., Vallejo, Cal.
SWEDISH lady wishes position to do house-
work. 102S Carolina St., near Twenty-third.
SITUATION wanted by a respectable woman
as nurse; good reference. 618 O'Farrell st.
YOUNG German girl wishes situation to do
upstairs work; German or American family
preferred. Call at 2662 ..Twenty-first street,
near York.
WANTED— By a first-claps German cook, a
position in private family. Address J. S.,
23S Twenty-seventh st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10S6 Va-
lf-ncia !-• .
EMPLOYMENT "WANTED MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% OFarrell st. : tel. East 425.
STEADY young man wants position as black-
smith or horseshoeing; state wages. Box
2066. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a -first-class all-around
, cook; city or short distance in country. Ad-
dress box 2049, Call office. '
WELL-EXPERIENCED bar man wants posi-
tion; country preferred; speaks English and
German. Address box 2051, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man with large experience,
used to handle large gang of men. speaking
three languages, would like position to run
large ranch. Box 2269. Call.
ENGINEER and machinist; young and prac-
tical; any kind of engine; all kinds of re-
pairing; also electrical machinery; Al refer-
ence. Box 3294. Call.
YOUNG man going to school would like a
place in private family for his board and
lodging. Address box 3283, Call office.
A_N Eastern young college and law school man.
Just admitted, desires position in a law of-
fice; salary moderate. Address box 2270, Call.
COACHMAN and general man wants situation:
single, good worker; good references. Address
Stable. 1217 California St., city.
SITUATION wanted by young single man to
drive milk, baker or laundry wagon. Ad-
dresB 915% Market st.
JAPANESE, faithful boy,, wants position at
housework! wait at table, In good family.
GEORGE N., 621 Jessie St.
YOUNG man wants position driving wagon for
wholesale liquor house: thoroughly acquaint-
ed with city streets. Box 2264, Call office.
JAPANESE wishes work cleaning house .by
day. week or month. Address SASAKI, 523
Jessie st.
WANT situation; steward or manager In small
house, with references; wide experience; good
reputation ; great ability; sober and econom-
ical- capable to 1111 any vacancy in the house;
Will go anywhere. GEO. STALL, New York
Exchange, San Jose. •
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lpncla st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician.
1071% Market St., San Francisco. Exam. free.
FLATS TO LET.
A LOWER bay-window flat; 4 large rooms,
bath, yard. 714 Franklin St., nr. Golden Gate.
FINE sunny flat: three large rooms and bath;
latest Improvements; key 718 Grove st.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN St HOWEU,
10 Montgomery st.
FLAT of 5 rooms, bath and sunny yard. . 3809%
California st.
HARRISON, 931 near Sixth— Clean flat; 6
rooms, bath ; rent $22.
NEWLY furnished flat; 7 rooms and bath;
modern conveniences. Apply 1446 McAllister.
NEW sunny flat, 7 rooms and 2 kitchens; lat-
est Improvements; bay windows. 417% Third.
TWO flats, 6 and 6 rooms and yard; $18 and
$20. 3570 Seventeenth st, near Guerrero.
UPPER flat of 6 sunny rooms and bath. 117
Perry St., bet. Third and Fourth.
4 ROOMS and stable; $10. Apply 2623 Mis-
sion st.
$20— LOWER flat, 6 rooms, porcelain bath and
sink. 2 mantels, pantry, yard. 2106 Jones st.
2 CHOICE sunny flats; 6 and 7 rooms, bath;
6anitary plumbing. 1336-1340 Fell. nr. Baker.
FLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
NICELY furnished flat of 4 rooms and bath;
- sunny yard. 11l Fell st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE. ~~
TAPESTRY Brussel carpet sewed, laid and
lined, 25c to SOc; linen warp matting, 15c per
yard this week only. EASTERN OUTFIT-
■ TING CO., 1310-1312 • Stockton st.
FURNITURE of an 8-room flat for sale; -no
agents. / Call between 11 and 3, 7 Hyde st.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1177-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
WANTED— SSOOO carpets, furniture.etc. ; highest
price paid; postal. M. Silversteln, 1121 Market.
END hand— Hlerhest .nub price paid. 559 Mission.
FURKIKRS, FURS, ETC
ELECTRIC seal capes, Astrakan toques, $10 to
$30. ROBT. WALLACE, 115 Kearny; top floor.
': HELP WANTED AGENTS.
AGENTS wanted— Men and women dot say I
want to get Into business; investigate. Ad-
dress or call PACIFIC COAST SUPPLY
COMPANY, 122 North Sutler st. Stockton
Cal. .-..■■ ■/■■■ .. •■• '■ ■ '
PROFESSIONAL advertisement solicitors for
health magazine and . physical j culture pro-
gramme. 1327 Market st.
CANVASSER to sell Government publication;
. good opportunity. . ( Market St., Jewelry store.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT 185
Head waitress, $25, and 2 waitresses, $20, fare
here; 10 waitresses for commercial country
hotels, many fare paid, $20; 3 waitresses, city,
$20; 2 chambermaids to wait, $20; chamber-
maid, country hotel, $20; woman cook, small
country hotel, $30. call early.
FAMILY ORDERS
coook (small Jewish family), $30; 40 girls for
cooking and general housework, $15 to $30;
nurse girl, $15; second girl, $20.
WANTED— 3 German cooks, $30; 2 second girls.
$25, city and country; also 2 second girls for
city at $20; invalid's nurse for country, $20;
German nurse for children, $20; general house-
work, $25, in Palo Alto and San Mateo; ranch
cook, $25; 10 hotel and restaurant waitresses
at $20 a month and $6 a week; laundress for
institution, $20; chambermaids and waitresses
for country hotels, $20; hotel cook for coun-
try, $35; 2 boarding house cooks, country, $30
and $25; and a great number of girls for
housework In city and country at $25, $20 and
$15. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 216
Sutter st.
WANTED— A young lady as assistant clerk
who spe-aks German or French or both for
our office. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
310 Sutter st.
WANTED— Neat respectable girl to label bot-
tles, must have had some experience, salary
$5 per week, permanent place: laundress,
country hotel, $25, fare advanced. W. D.
EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
HOUSEWORK, Angels, $20, free fare. MISS
H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter st :
CHAMBERMAID and waitress, country hotel.
$20. MISS H. CULLINAN, 32S Sutter st^
TWO waitresses, hotel, country, $20 each.
MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st.
COOK for roadhouse, $25 to $30; cook, ranch,
$20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter at.
STRONG neat young girl; housework; i in
fajnily. 410 Scott St., near Fell.
FRENCH-SPEAKING fancy goods saleslady
wanted. Apply box 1296. Call.
WANTED— GirI to asWst in general house-
work. 916 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Experienced apprentice on custom
coats. 651 Folsom st., corner Hawthorne.
WANTED — A German girl for cooking and
housework. Inquire 321 Kearny et.
GOOD sewers and apprentice wanted; ladles'
tailoring. 363 Geary st.
WANTED— GirI for general housework. 1510
Buchanan st.
YOUNG woman for general housework and
cooking; small family. 2403 Webster st.
GIRL for general housework; no cooking. Call
between 9 and 12, 1141 Geary st.
GERMAN or Swedish girl for general house-
work and cooking; $20. Call 1630 Hayes St.,
9 to 11 a. m. Fridaj^
WANTED— Three girls to go to the country;
light employment. Address box 1198, Call^
TAILOREES wanted; steady work. 2815 Green-
wich st.
AN experienced cook: Swede preferred; city ref-
erence required; family two adults; good
wages. Apply between 5 and 3 this evening,
3346 Washington st.
GIRL wanted in a bakery at 10S Ninth St., San
Francisco.
GIRLS wanted as operators for Incandescent
lamp manufacturing: apply by letter only.
Pacific Incandescent Lamp Co., 933 Market St.
SMART young girl to assist in housework;
sleep home. 403 Grove et.
YOUNG girl to assist with light housework.
Apply 339 Twelfth St.
GIRL to do light housework. Apply 518 Ellis
street.
PROFESSIONAL canvassers to demonstrate
Hoover Health Foods; call early; good wages.
1327 Market st.
ELDERLY woman as working housekeeper at
52 Second St.; must bring references.
WOMEN and girls— Apply Immediately. CALI-
FORNIA CANNERIES CO. LTD.. Branr.an
St.. between Third and Fourth.
EXPERIENCED ranners wanted: apply Im-
mediately. CALIFORNIA CANNERIES CO..
LTD.. Brannan st., bet. Third and Fourth.
GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS!
LEVT BTRATTBS & CO.. 32H Fremont rt.,
are putting in the very best sewing ma-
chines and will take In several hundred more
operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
WANTED— A girl with good experience to
work at custom tailoring; steady work.
1175 A Market at.
OPERATORS on body machine. U. S. LAUN-
DRY, Sixteenth st., near Valencia.
WANTED— GirI with experience In sewing In
an upholstery store. 2306 Flllmore st.
TAILORESS wanted on military pants. 1273
Ellis at.
A YOUNG girl apprentice to learn hatrdress-
lng trade. S. STROZYNSKI. 24 Geary st.
2 COOKS at $25; 4 girls, housework, $20; 3 girls
for general work at $15, and others. MISS
WEBSTER, Employment Bureau, 954 Broad-
way, Oakland.
WANTED— GirI for general housework for
family of 2 in flat; light washing: wages $15.
Particulars at 3232 Jackson St.; bring refs.
FINE lroners: lace work and children's bon-
nets; good wages. Apply La Grande Laundry,
Twelfth St., 8 a. m.
WANTED— First-class skirt makers. SCHIM-
MEL & STOVER, 408 Sutter st.
BRIGHT lady to canvass and collect; $10
weekly easily earned. Box 320", Call office.
IRONERS wanted by U. S. LAUNDRY ASSO-
CIATION, Sixteenth st., near Valencia.
WANTED— Four ladles who want to make $12
week Call 472ty Thirteenth st., Oakland.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit at
178 San Jose aye.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st
HELP WANTED MALE.
SOLDIERS wanting work on the railroad afl la-
borers, teamsters or tunnelmen. at wages of
$1 75 to $2 75 a day, can secure It from ua
free of any expense to the work. C. R.
__HANBEN _ CO., 104 Geary st.
FREE FARE AND FEE FREE
For railroad laborers, teamsters and tunnel-
men, wages $1 75 to $2 75, for the Coast Rail-
road. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
STONEMASONS, $4 a day; helpers, $2 25; free
fare C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
NIGHT clerk and tend bar, country hotel,
$20 and found, experienced young man. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
TWO colored waiters, north, $.27 60. C. R.
HANSEN _ CO., 104 Geary st.
FREE VALLEY ROAD FARE
4-hor»e teamsters, $2 25 a day; 2-hors« team-
sters, $2: laborers, $2. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary at.
TEAMSTF.HS, 2 and 4 horse, for Madera; free
fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
BLACKSMITH, $2 a day and found; stable-
man, $25; farm hand, $25 and round; 2 labor-
ers, city, $1 and found; lumber pliers, see
boss here. $30 and found; wood worker, $2 50
a day; blacksmith, city, $2 a day and found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
I BELL boys, same country hotel, $15 each;
porter and runner, country hotel, $20; neat
bell boy, city, $15 to $18; experienced elevator
boy with references, $20. C. R. HANSEN _
CO., 104 Geary st.
SECOND cook, coffee house, $8 a week: third
hand baker on cake $32 60; cook for a steamer,
$nO; vegetable cook, country hotel, $35 and
found; kitchen hands, $20, $25 and $30, city
and country. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary at.
HAItNESSMAKER. $1 28 a day and found;
blacksmith helper, $2 25 a day, free fare. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary at.
7 ALMOND pickers; »1 a day and found. C. R.
HANSEN _ CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— IO laborers forquarry, $2 day: 25
teamsters, $2 day; 25 scraper holders, $1 75;
75 laborers for mill and woods. $1 75, $3 day;
laborers for mill, 7 a. m., fare advanced;
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sac-
ramento st.
WANTED— 2 men and wives foi private places,
$35; 4 miners, $2 60 day and board; black-
emith, $lfi week; butcher's boy; farmers, $20
and $26; 2 sheep herders, $25; stagedriver, $20;
machinist for country, $2 34 day; 5 carpen-
ters for country, free fare: and others. J.
_F\_CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Short order cook and wife as wait-
ress, $60; cook and wife. $55; porter and
wife, hotel, $40; 4 cooks, country hotels. $40.
$45, $50; night cook, country hotel, $35; 2
second cooks for restaurants, $14 and $15
week; short order oook, neat place, $8 week;
boarding house cook, $35; night porter for
restaurant, $25; porter and choreman for
saloon, $25; 2 waiters. $30; dishwashers; and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— Second cook, at HEALY'S Restau-
rant, 1119 Market st.
ANDRE'S OFFICE, 316 Stockton st.— Walter,
country, $30; dishwasher, $30; pantryman. $30;
barkeeper, $40; Indoor servant, $20; gardener,
$25; ironer, $30; etc.
PORTER. $20; bellboy, no experience, $10. HO-
TEL GAZETTE, 28 Mont*om«ry_ •„
HELP WANTED MA-E^
MURRAY & READY .PHONE MAIN 5848
• Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY FROM 7 A. M
MECHANICAL HELP
roller man, flour mills ' coopers
wood turners harness makers
carriage painters mill bench hands
upholsterers stiller for winery
. setter sawmill .' sash door makers
' cabinet makers slate splitters
. lathers, mattress spring makers, etc.. wages,
above help, $4, $3 50, $2 50 day • ••••
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay Bt.
BOILERMAKERS BLACKSMITHS
4 boilermakers, steady country Jo*""."" 1 ;
' $3 75 day and found
6 blacksmiths and helpers •••; •:
$2 50 day. $50. $40, $30 and found
horseshoer, country shop 'A! »
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636, Clay st.
20 CARPENTERS, new house building, free
fare, 12 miles from city, 8 hours' wor * ••:•••
$o aay
' MURRAY '&' 'READY.' 634 and 636 Clay st.
IN SAN FRANCISCO „• -„' • ;,' • Vi'Vs 'A'-v
126 laborers and 'teamsters.. s2 aO, $2. $1 75 day
2 milk wagon drivers ♦*«
an MURRAY h & P READY;-634-and^6Clay"st."'
COOKS WAITERS DISHWASHERS
cook and assistant, country h0te1.... |io
3 cooks and wives, country hotel kitchens.. s.>o
cook and dishwasher, fare 25c ............
4 hotel cooks $55, $50. $40 and found
27 boarding and" found
a'camp mine cooks $40. $45 and found
6 ranch c00k5.... 530. $25. $20, $15 and found
; 6 restaurant first, second and third cooks
37'waiVers! '.'.'.'.'.'.'■ "s3s." lib! $25.' $20 ' and found
59 dishwashers.... s3o, $25. $20. $15 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
ARE YOU MARRIED? .' ....
man as Dorter, wife as waitress, country
j, ote l $40 and found
man as waiter, wife as chambermaid, coun-
try, $40 and found
main and wife, country hotel kitchens. ...s7s
milker and wife as cook $40 and found
4 farmers and wives $40 and found
2 cooks and wives for hotel kitchens, coun-
try $50 and $40
man as cook, wife as chambermaid, coun-
try *»0
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
8 PORTERS; 4 bell and elevator boys; 1 jani-
tor; 2 pantry men and boys
$30, $25, $20, $15. $10 and found
TAMALE MAKER ICE CREAM MAKER
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
BAKERS.... BEDMAKERS... LAUNDRYMEN
3 first, 7 second, 4 third bakers, also boys
to help and learn business
$40, $35. $30, $25, $20, $15, $10 and found
5 laundrymen
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
FARE PAID COAL MINERS
..SALT LAKE C1TY........
60 coal miners come and see us —$3 »0 day
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
MINES MINES MINES
6 miners for a gold mine $2 50 day
26 laborers, fare $1 50, no experience $60
42 laborers, fare $2 50, no experience
$34 and found
22 laborers, big mine $63
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
23 STONE AND CONCRETE MASONS, rubble
work $3 50 day
12 laborers, above job, no experience, fare $1 50
- ..••..... $60
20 slate splitters; 40 block makers ....475 .
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
$30 AND found.FRUIT AND GRAPE PICKERS
555 men and boys (anybody will suit), fares
from $1 25. office fee $1 80 to 90 days
work. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay fit
FREE FARE TO FRESNO. MADERA LOS
ANGELES
126 laborers and teamsters $2 day
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
WE PAY YOUR FARES SHIP TO-DAY
To 36 sawmills, woods in California, 281 la-
borers, and no experience required, $26 to $40
per month and found; great crowds going....
also woodmen and sawmill help
of every description, $90, $80, $70, $60. $50,
$48, $30 and found; woodchoppers, tie-
makers, shingle bolt makers, etc., by the
thousand. $2 60, $2, $1 50. $1 cord, 12c each
WE PAY MURRAY & READY,
YOUR FARES 634-636 Clay st.
FREE WE SHIP YOU FREE FREE
DRILLERS HAMMERSMEN, LABORERS,
TEAMSTERS, STONE MASONS, CONCRETE '
MASONS, ETC., to every railroad in Califor-
nia but one (the one we don't ship to is
Coast R. R.): board and lodgings $4 50 week;
wages from $3 50 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
HARVEST FIELDS. ..FARMS AND DAIRIES
Engineer, hoe downs, cleaner tenders, fork-
ers: 4 laborers to work around thresher, sack ■
sewers, straw bucks, derrick forkers. fore-
man. $1. $3. $2 50, $2. $1 75. $1 50 day
20 strong men to bale hay $3 50 day
92 farm hands, steady job
$35, $30, $26 and found '
9 milkers $30, $25 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
8 STABLEMEN, city and country, $35, $30. $23
and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
CHORE MEN AND BOYS
S3 choremen and boys for farms, stores, shops,
learn 23 trades, work in factories, manufac-
turing concerns, etc.. $40, $30, $25, $20, $15, $10
end found and by the DAY.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay at.
BIG WAGES
26 laborers, fare 50c, no experience $60
23 teamsters, 2 horses, fare 60c $2 25 day
29 laborers, no experience ..' $63
25 four-horse teamsters, fare $150 $60
IS9 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, $2 75. $2 50, $2, $1 75 day.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay at.
WANTED— 2 men to work about winery, near
city, $25 and board, no experience required:
also' 6 men about winery, south, $30 and
board; 2 more miners. $2 25 per day; 5 labor-
ers about mine, $26 and board; furnaceman
for quicksilver mine, $65 per month; farm-
ers milkers; 4 men to shake almonds, $26
and board, good long job; and 100 others:
we guarantee every position advertised and
will refund fee and fare both ways to any
one not offered work where we send him;
no other office gives this guarantee: come
and see us. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay.
WANTED— and wife for an orange
orchard $45 and found, man as cook, wife
for housework. W. D. EWER & CO., 610
Clay st.
A MAN and wife; $50; country: man must un-
derstand ranch work thoroughly. MISS H.
CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st. -
A MAN and wife to work on a ranch; $40. Ap-
ply to MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st.
A PORTER; country; $20 and found. MISS H.
CULLINAN. 323 Sutter st. ,
A MAN and wife, $30, take charge of residence,
country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Butter st.
A BELLBOY, $15 per month. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
WANTED— Good coatmaker; steady work.
Inquire 233 Third st.
BARBER wanted. 3410 Mission St., between
Thirtieth and Thirty-first.
BARBER wanted; wages $14 a week. 64 Third
street.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday. 3142
Twenty-fourth St., bet. Howard and Folsom.
BARBER wanted. Corner Thirtieth st. and
San Jose aye.
WANTED— Painter, one who is a good glazier.
Apply 923 Mission Ft. '
WANTED — Boy to learn the painting business;
one who has been at the business before pre-
ferred. Apply paint shop, 923 Mission at.
WANTED — One machine hand, five cabinet-
makers; must thoroughly understand their
business. A. J. FORBES & SON, 312 Mission.
WANTED— 611 Laguna st.
EMPLOYMENT for a number of discharged
soldiers. Call at 737 Market st., room 20.
WANTED — Two good men. Apply at 22 Post
st. from 7:30 to 8:30 a. m., Sept. 16.
BOY about 16 to work In liquor store. Apply
after 10 o'clock. 400 Haight Bt.
WANTED — Good shirt lroner. Apply 629 Third
: St., French Laundry.
STRONG boy for fruit store. 1106 Scott St.;
steady place. ' ' ■
EXPERIENCED carpet traveler .wanted for ■
the North; state experience, etc. Box 2001,
Call. ' ■ ' ■
COVT presser wanted; $20 per week. Apply
box Y. Call office. ___^
GOOD barbers: steady Jobs: $12 to $13 a week.
. H. BERNARD, 104 Seventh st.
FIRST-CLASS locksmith. Apply early 405
Drumm st. ' __ '
FIRST-CLASS - shoemaker on custom repair-
ing. Apply to T. HEINES. 270 Noe st. ' '
TAILOR and tailoress at 850 Third st.
WATCHMAKER, jeweler and engraver, with
tools. LEON C. OSTEYCE, 2916 Lyon st.
WANTED— 2 men of energy; straight salary ■
paid. Apply 8 a. m., 300 Post st.
WANTED— Boy who has worked In a print-
• Ing office; give reference, age . and wages
expected. Box 2199, Call office..
STRONG boy to work around bakery, with
some experience. Apply 615 Third Ft.
STEADY man satisfied with $16 to $18 per week
wanted for permanent place; light work;
must have $75 cash; experience not necessary.
1032 Market St.. room 4. '
BUSHELMAN wanted. Apply S. N. WOOD & ,
CO., 718 Market St., at 7:30 a. m.
YOUNG man between the . aces of IS and 21,
I who understands taking charge of stock of .
'crockery store; references required. 108 Sixth
St., between 8:30 and 10:30 a. m.
___ . ______ _ ___
DISHWASHER wanted. 232 ■ First ct. J-
HELP WANTED
WANTED— Second cook, $8 a week. California
Restaurant, 105 California Market; call early.
YOUNG German with reference to drive milk
wagon; good wages. 1507 Broderlck st.
' ' ~~ _Z_T~~ -:■■
LUNCH waiter wanted. 115 East st.
_ z~zz
WANTED— Wheelwright. 843 Howard at.
—
THREE young men for trip to sea; no experi-
ence. Call early at 26 Steuart st.
BOY to work in printing office. 606 Market St.,
room 2. -
MAN to open oysters for Stockton; no hobo
need apply. Address room 32, Winchester
house, Immediately. C. H. DALY.
TWO barbers wanted. 797 Mission st.
A THIRD-HAND bread baker wanted; day
work. 336 Third st. ,
WANTED— A pressman on pants. Apply to
273 Minna st. ;
DISHWASHER wanted. 1418 Howard st.
BOOKKEEPER— and general merchan-
dise; elderly man preferred. Apply Alabama
and Montcalm sts.
WANTED— Second cook. 26 Turk st.
SECOND cook wanted; $8 per week. 70 Third
street. _______
TWO first-class sheetiron workers. HOL-
BROOK, MERRILL & STETSON, j Market
and Beale sts.
FIRST-CLASS furnishing goods salesman and
window dresser. ' Apply box 2272, Call.
UPHOLSTERER, who understands little carpet
work preferred; steady work to right man.
1512 Polk st.
SMART man to call on private families; salary
and commission; 8 to 11. W. W. BROWN,
611 Montgomery st.
BOY from 15 to 16 years to count towels In
MERCANTILE TOWEL CO., 251 Jessie st.
BOY to work In candy store well recommended.
812 Valencia st.
DISTRIBUTOR and marker. Apply La Grande
Laundry, Twelfth St., 8 a. m.
WANTED— barber with references. Amer-
ican barber shop, San Luis Obispo, Cal.
SMART young man for collector. Box 2046,
Call.
GOOD marker and distributor at St Nicholas
Laundry, Seventeenth and Folsom ats.
THIRD hand on bread; $25 and board. 2308
Twenty-fourth st.
BOOTBLACK wanted. 1205 Fillmore st.
FIRST-CLASS upholsterer. 2304 Flllmore at.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker to work by week;
good wages. 225'^Montgomery aye.
WANTED— By a Tampa factory making a fine
line,of clear Havana cigars, a good salesman
for the Pacific Coast with established trade;
state experience, references and terms. Ad-
dress box 433, Tampa, Fla.
GOOD permanent position awaits a first-claea
traveling salesman; state experience and com-
pensation expected. Box 2263, Call.
DISTRIBUTOR wanted at United States Laun-
dry Association. Sixteenth st, near Valencia.
BARBERS' Protective Union— only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEIN2.
Employment Secy., 630 Market, downstairs.
WANTED— Barkeeper. Corner Lombard and
Lyon ats.. Presidio.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
TO Tailors — Good coatmakers wanted. Apply
at 11 a. m. at the Stevenson-street entrance,
CHARLES LYONS, London Tailor, 721 Mar-
ket St.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade In eight
weeks; only Institution teaching the tonso-
rlal art; constant practice; expert instruction;
lectures on dermatology; Sat. wages; positions
guaranteed; call or write for illustrated cata-
logue. Mohler'a Barber College, 635 Clay st.
SAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe,
Hawaiian Islands, Manila, Alaska, New York.
W. LANE. Shipping Agent. 604-506 Davis st.
HIGHEST price paid for cast-off shoes, cloth-
ing and tools. S. BERKOWITZ, 534 Pacific.
GENT'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50 up; sole-
ing, 20c to 35c; heeling. 15c up. 923 Howard at.
WANTED— to drive scrapers; wages
$1 75 and $2: ' board, $4 50 per week. Apply
E. B. STONE'S camp, near San Pablo station,
on Valley Road.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st '
TRY our 16c meals; best in city. 406 McAllis-
ter st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 13SM) Eighth St.
PENSIONS— H. SHEPARD & CO., attor-
neys, Hearst bldg., Third and Market.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart. at.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c, 15c and 25c
per night. Llndell, 6th and Howard; read. rm.
SINOJ..E rooms, 15c. 20c. 25c • r night; 75c, $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House, 863U Market st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market <>♦ . below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies, ■
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth at.; auction sales every Wednesday,
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
SORREL Stanford mare, 5 years old, 700. San
Jose aye., corner Twenty-ninth st.
MISSION. 1517— Well-broke horses; all kinds;
Just arrived from country^
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL- ;
ZIEL, Veterinary Dentist. 605 Golden Gate ay.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1, ■
postage paid. '
HOUSES — LODGING SALE.
-. i
H C DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
J MY BEST BARGAIN .
. TO-DAY. 15-ROOM CORNER '
■JZ COST $1000; PRICE $400 .
64 rooms; best in city 1.600 i
12 rooms on O'Farrell at.; large yard.... $3io
14 rooms on Mission St.: clears $50 600 ;
80 rooms, corner; rent $55 A 750 .
18 rooms on Turk, near Market 650
48 rooms on Market st. ; rent $76 1,800 :
48-room hotel In Oakland 2.600
go-room house; clears $300 2.500 ,
20 rooms on Eddy st. : must sell ;. 600 •
26 rooms; comer; apartment house 1,600
11-room house; one floor 350 ,
32 rooms; 2 fronts; clears $250 2,200
60 rooms; elegant corner; clears $500 3.750 '
' 7-room flat $150; 8-room flat 350
110 rooms; fine corner; clears $600 6,500
36 rooms on Market Ft.; clears $200 1,450
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE
ABSTRACTS SHOWING CLEAR TITLE.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market at., opp. Fifth.
$800— SNAP; 46 rooms: fine location; all rented;
rent $90 month. BASILE, 3 Eddy st. . ,
$300— BARGAIN; 24 rooms; all rented; near '
Market st. ; rent $40 month. BASILE, 8 Eddy.
$450—20 ROOMS: finely furn.: north of Market;
all rented; rent $50 month. BASILS, 3 Eddy.
$175— 21-ROOM house; rent $45; must sell. BA-
SILE, 3 Eddy at. ~
A— R. H. WINSTON & CO., 1026 Market st.
j Over Wonder Millinery Store.
14 rooms; Taylor St.; good house $650
17 rooms; rent $65; central 900
24 rooms; Fifth st.; rent $50 550
46 rooms; rent $75; corner 1200 ,
40 rooms: corner: rent $80 1250
Money to loan at 2 per cent
LODGING houses— Call before buying and sell-
ing. Pacific Room Renting Co.. 426 Kearny. '
ROOMING house: centrally located; must be
sold / to-day. COWING & CO., 995 Market. ''
NICE corner house of 33 sunny rooms. 704
Howard St., cor Third. '?:.-■:-■■* ;
$375— NEAT lodging house, 14 r. & b. ; nicely
fur.; paying well; N. Mrkt. Box 2032. Call.
$400— ROOMING house; nicely furnished; cen-
tral. Address box 2265, Call office.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
" HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSE of 6 rooms. 2939 Mission st., near
Twenty-sixth; $10 per month.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
. list you get from BALDWIN & IiOWELL
10 Montgomery at.
REAR: 4 rooms and stable; $10. Apply 2618
Mission st. ■;■ - r-';
HOUSE of six rooms and bath 735 Laurel
live., near Turk and Buchanan sts.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia «t. ' : . .
HYPNOTISM. ~— -
POET , graduate hypnotic school-hospital 325
Ellis; fee with private room, board "and
treatment, $16 a week.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly CalL
C; 16 pases, In wrapper, for mallln*.. U per yea^,
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of ELIZABETH CARLSON, No. IS9-533.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Black overcoat on Fourth st., contain-
ing soldier's discharge papers. Return to H
DEMPSEY, Co. D, First California, Presidio;
reward.
LOST— Soldier's box at Presidio marked " H
F. STEVENS, San Diego," un top; "No. 17°
Co. C, Ist Colo. V 015.," on end. Answer to
box 2050. Call.
ON the 8:30 a. m. Sacramento train Wednesday
morning, a mandolin and a banduria; liberal
reward. Return to 130 Powell st., S. F.
LOST— night, half-bred fox terrier dog
pup; black and white. Grocery . store, 242
Fourth st. _
LOST— greyhound pup, bitch; liberal re-
ward. 237 Golden Gate aye.
LOST— On the California-st. railway, Hyde-st.
branch, or on the Sutter-st. railway. Polk
st. branch, or at the Mechanics' Pavilion, 1
lady's diamond pin, buckle-shaped; suitable
reward. MAIN & WINCHESTER, 214 Bat-
tery.
LOST— GoId ring; name on Inside John Krisha.
Return to 427 Fourth St.; reward.
MEDICAL.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea
and herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay St., San
Francisco; all diseases cured exclusively by
Chinese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used;
advice free; hours, 8:30 to 11 a. in.. 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 d. m.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' physician. 1122 Mar-
ket at., bet. Mason and Taylor; hours. 9 to 5.
MRS. DR. WYETH. ladies' physician; consul-
tatlon free. 942 Post, bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. GWYER. ladies' physician. 610
Eddy St., bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. DA VIES, ladles' physician, _i
Market St., between Taylor and Jones.
DR. POPPER, ladies' practical physician for
37 years. 318 Kearny st.
MRS. DR. WEGENER, ladles' physician: medi-
cated baths a specialty. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
MRS. ALLEN, ladles' physician, 223 Van Ness
aye., bet. Hayes and Grove; 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN, .1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion st., above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors.
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
SECOND-HAND screw-cutting lathe; M to 12
inch swing. Address box 3296, Call.
COMPOUND condensing Corliss engine and
boilers. Krogh Mfg. Co., Stevenson st.
A $25 WASHBURN mandolin, $13; a $30 Dob-
son banjo, $12; a pearl inlaid Stuart for $10;
a 30-mile power field glass, cost $50, for $16;
a Colt's $41, for 57; a $45 10-bore Parker shot-
gun for $19. All at UNCLE HARRIS', 15
Grant aye.
FIRE and burglar-proof safe for sale and
National cash register. 42 Main Et.
PAINTERS' falls, ladders, planks, stages, etc.;
must be sold at once; between 6 and 7 p. m.
534 Polk st.
ONE 1-6 H. P. alternating motor. $6; 1 roll top
oak desk, large, new. cost $70, for $15; 500
loaded shells, $1 per 100. Ohio Dental Parlors,
850 Market st.
GASOLINE engines, all purposes; new and
second hand: carriage engines. DYNAMIC
ENGINE CO., 1309 Mission St.. near Ninth.
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences: portable safety boxes;
specie chests: bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market St.. S. F., Cal.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearnj st., near Pine.
SECOND-HAND billiard table in good order;
complete, 835. Folsom st, \VM. BATEMAN.
FOR Windmill, tank and pump, or take
a horse in trade. 1218 N st. South.
SAFES— and second hand. THE HER-
MAN N SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
BOILERS, engines, lathes, wood planers, 12 and
24 In.; gas ens. 2d hand. J. Burke, 133 Beale.
1 GASOLINE engine: 15 H. P.: complete and
first-class shape. WHITE, 516 Mission st.
DRESS pants, $2 75: fine suit. $10; MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. Mange Cure at all drug-
gists or at the Dog Hospital.
DESKS.office and card tables; desks exchanged,
repaired; furniture bought. -244 Stockton st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
~ MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— A pair of Belgium hares. Apply
1147 Mission st. : must have immediately.
OLD gold gold dust, platinum and silver
bought. H. Landecker & Co.. 118 Montgomery.
WANTED— To hire. 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long job. E. B.
6TON"F Klrnhiirfrt.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity : see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 6S-69 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission st., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANT amount of 6% per cent on real estate. 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and j:w-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market st.; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates: confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates- Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without Indorser. TOUSLEY. 592. Parrott big.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 6.10 Market st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, . and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the.
customer.
A BATCH of bargains In pianos:
Erard $75 00
Cornish 185 00
Smith & Barnes 190 00
1 Steck, 1 ('bickering, 1 Weber.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
TWO fine walnut second-hand Decker & Son,
Pianos They are bargains you should not
miss, at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
GREAT sale of, "Ideal Guitars" this week at
Mauvais', 769 Market st. Get prices at once.
STEINWAY upright; party must have money;
make offer. Room 21, Flood building. ■
A— sBs UPRIGHT piano in fine condition: also
the famous Hornung Bros. . 216 McAllister st.
UPRIGHTS, $69 up; Installments, $5 75 up;
rents. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine, 136 Ellis.
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento et., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
GOOD piano in storage on sale cheap for cash.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 17 19Market st.
A BARGAIN — Steinway upright cheap.
SCHMITZi, 16 McAllister, next Hibernia Bank.
CHEAP Steinway upright: also the famous
Hornung Bros." pianos. 216 McAllister st.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post st. ■■ .
WANTED— 2 Square Pianos and 4 Cabinet Or-
gans. BYRON MAUZY. 308 Post st.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and ne^. H.
- MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES — LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS bulldln*. 927 Market at—
Desirable offices. $12 50 to $20.
t PALMISTRY.
MMB. NEERGAARD, pupil of Count Ger-
main, «ie Geary st., aboTe Jones; classes;
of&c* hours. 1 to 8 a. jn.; readia_L_*y»*iUJ_,iPARTNERS "WANTED.
PARTNER in electrician and locksmith shop; ' '.
will i .inner business or will sell. Address
L'i:T3, rail. •
— — — — — — —
PERSONA %S.
WILL Mr H.. the mining man who wrote to !
MUs \i. and gave his i Ireea Station X
Kindly write agnln? She wrote twice and j •
both letters were returned.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
ing, call on B. COHEN. 157 Trffrd st. • .
OUR leather Is carved In Mexico; beautiful
belts Jl: special Mexican art. 114 Stockton St. j
LEDKRER'B yulntonica is the only hair tonic :
that fills all requirements; clean, glossy hair
lesulta from Kh use; 35c bot. 123 Stockton St.
LKDERER is not only the leading hairdresser, |
but he restores gray hair to Its original color !
for fl 50 to $5: hairdr«-s?ing 28c; switches, $1
. up. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
JOHN L. BOONE. I Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law, ana Copyright
Niv 4 Slitter st.. ! Laws a Specialty
San Francisco. a,!. | American and Foreign
' Pend ton circular. . Patents Solicited.
MARY— I E 1 i my handsome cape at. the East-
ii:i Outfitting Co.. 1305 Stockton, nr. Broad-
way. There you an get moat anything in that
ilr.e on easy payments; open evenings.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third pt.. near Market: 700 rooms;
26c to Jl 30 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
■,Ti^e "bus and baggage to and from the ferry. ,
DRESSMAKING; part, dresses a specialty;
U. S. tailor system; very reasonable. 116
Twelfth st.
A T.AIiIES' tailor-made suits to order at
lesale figures. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
..AT have you to exchange for course in I
.-'; anish or singing? Box 476. Call office.-
r'.'.YI'TIAN Enamel, cosmetic, makes faces :
r.'-n:tlful;soc, Mrs. Butler, r. 830, Phelan bldg. !
MV-:. LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed '
f.-»rn O'Farrell to 182 Eddy st.
ASSORTMENT ■■' imparted and domestic rem-
•l.ints for suits to order. $10 75: Dapta, $3 75;
nothing higher. One-Price Tailoring Co., 16-14 I
Market St.. under St. Nicholas Hotel,
RUPTURE, piles cur examination free.
Irs. Mansfield & Porterfleld. !v3S Market Bt.
JAMES A. SORENSON, maker and Jew-
• . r. removed to 103 Sixth St.. near Mission.
TTI'RE. stricture cured: no knife; no lnjeo-
■: n: (.-uarantd. Dr. Gordin, 514, Pine, ab. Krny.
•.- Ladies' or gents' clothing, furniture bought, 1
->ld: tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 som St. ;
6UITB to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and sth.
v ANTF.D-Okl gold for manufa-ng. O. Nolte,
'■■w.'W, '•■ '>'Fr>rr_!l. bet. Powell .<- Mason.
PHYSICIANS AM) SURGEONS.
1 H. OLIVE ORUVER. free treatment dally, 10 •
a. m. and 12 m. 1206 Market St.. room 6.
PR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office and residence. !
1021 H Msrkot St.. bet Sixth and Seventh.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
BARGAIN list No. 15 now ready for mailing.
T. P. ANDREWS. 109 Montgomery st.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— .maII stock and grain ranch on
shares; partly furnished. Address H., 102\j
S:\th st.
REAL ESTATE — — FOR SALE.
WANTED at once— Paying city property for
cash. SPECK & CO., C 67 Market st.
WANTED at once— Good city properties for j
cash. Apply SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park.
west of First aye.. and you wish to sell them, 1
call on WV J. GUNN. 410. Montgomery si.
BUSINESS corner on Point Lobos aye. at a
forced sale; S_:«xl00; only $1500; all of the |
surrounding blocks graded and the lots new
being built upon; a fine chance to build up
a business; the only corner for sale in the j
tract; easy terms; excellent location for
store and flats, and will pay well; a rare !
chance. W. J. GUNN, 410 Montgomery st.
NEW HOMES
Five. C. 7. 9 and 10 room houses, finished i
' with all modern conveniences, fronting on j
Waller, Pierce and Primrose sis., from $3100
to 14500; terms to suit purchaser. F. NEL-
SON. Builder.
FOR sal»— 4-room cottage overlooking the bay; i
2U years Id, with brick foundation; large 1
basement suitable for roome; $765. Inquire |
1224 Howard j^L
OX account of sickness we will sell a $1400
lot. 2^x114. for $700: great bargain. GEO.
W. H. PATTERSON & CO., 1706 Market st. 1
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in -the |
I.'Citeii States, postpaid, fnr $1 per year.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BEFORE hunting housekeeping rooms get list
free: Pacific Room-renting Co.. 426 Kearny.
FIFTH 107 — Pleasant sunny unfurnished rooms
to let".
FIFTH. 309— New house, nicely furnished sunny
suite 3 rm».; complete for hskpg.; run, water.
FOLSOM, 525— Large sunny furnished room; j
light housekeeping; $1 50 weekly. !
OEAKY. 556— Elegant sunny parlors, piano, I
phone; other rooms; light housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE AYE., 437— Newly and ele-
gantly furnished parlor and bedroom suites;
also single. .
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 640 — Sunny housekeeping
rooms; also single rooms.
HOWARD, 704— Nice large eunny rooms; also
housekeeping; transient.
IVANHOE. 1002 Polk. cor. Geary— Light, clean,
eunr.y; fur. hkpg. suites (3 to 5 r.). $15 up! ret.
LAHKIN.S26— 2 or 3 sunny housekeeping apart-
ments: furnished complete; gas range; bath.
LARKIN. 816 A —Newly furnished Bunny house-
keeping rooms; gas and bath. -
LARKIN, So4— Large sunny front, with large
rlo«»t.«; furnished for housekeeping; $9.
MCALLISTER, liao— Sunny furnished frfcnt
housekeeping suite; cheap. •
MISSION, f")7Vi— Neatly furnished rooms; com-
plete for hskpg. : front bay-windows; sunny.
MISSION, 112:",',.— Housekeeping rooms, $2 and
$2 50 per week.
O'FARRELL 128, comer Powell— Nice front
room, $5. Apply at 15 Grant art. '
SCOTT. 113-2 sunny front rooms: partly fur-
nished for housekeeping; gas; bath. ________
SEVENTH, 192. Girard 1 House— l large sunny
unfurnished room; furnished suites. _^
THIRD. 340—2 rooms; complete for housekeep-
ing: $1 50 per week. -
TURK 126— 2* sunny furnished rooms, one front,
suitable for light housekpg. ; man and wife.
TURK. 545— Sunny bedroom and kitchen, com-
plete for housekeeping; running- water; pri-
vate family. $14.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3726, near Dolores— 2 or 3
/ sunny bay-window rooms, complete.
VAN NESS AYE.. 1021— A sunny front suite; 2
or 3 rooms and kitchen; k<ik range.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been estaßlished at 10&6 Va-
lencia st •-: ■:■. •..-'•■ /_
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call. :
16 pages In wrapper, for mailing. )1 per year.
ROOMS TO LKT Kiirn. and Unfnrn.
ABBOTSFORD (The), cor.Broadway and Polk—
Quiet and homelike; rooms bright and sunny,
ungle. suite; charge* moderate; cars direct.
AT H-Jtel Francisco. Turk and Taylor Us.-
I'cm^llkt In use; modern service; elevator,
hCth; nVoms, tO |l*>4. y , MRS. J. KINO.
a n RANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions ha. beer, established at 1O!W V»-
-• lencta st.
A-IIRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth - Rooms.
20c to $1 i-er night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light hoUM-keeplng; open all night. •
AT New Grand 246 3d— 200 Ist-class sunny rms.,
ir.c to $1 day:'?oc to (i wk; also housekeeping.
AT ~52 Pecond" st , "double rooms for weok, $1 50
to 13; BinKle, $llto $1 SO: day. 85c i.:to 50c.^ £
BY Sept. 1«, threft to five very finely and coni-
plet"lv furnishwi .-;<■•. ping rooms or lint ;
for ni.-.n and wife. Address ■' F. H.. box
2'f'2. t!ils office, with full particulars. j
BURNETT,' »-'S Market (ohl No. IJG4)— Fur- j
nlshed nun . Mil:- tingle; also unfurnished.
BUSH, ?2C— Furnl«s!ed sunny front room for
gentleman at $7 per month; private.
CARIuTITON, 1 206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner; well furn. rms. &. _ ( I'__ : ___ |
EDDY m (United State* Hotel)— Clean. ne»t
room's. fr<;m ?1 50 ft week ■'■• j
EIGHTH, 10S— Front bay-window room with
range; single rooms $1 ft up. _
Eixis, Jo9»4j— Sunny furnished room; $4 a
month. I_._|
ELLIS C39.~c0r. Larkin-Sunny furnished bay-
wlnduw: mantel; folding bed; 2 persona.
1 BIOR House, tt Turk. cor. Taylor-New
niangt. : sunny front bay-wind, rms.; trans nt.
FULTON 218 cor. Van Ness— Neatly furnished
flat; 3 rooms; gas range, bath Aalso others.
GEARY. 405 (The NavarrO-Conlortable furn.
rooms; travelers accommodated. MRS. HiER.
GRAND SOUTHERN. BE. cor. Seventh and
Mission Ets.- Sunny rooms, en suite or single;
ladles' parlors; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission-Select family
rooming house; $1 60 to $0 per week. ■■• .
rooming uou.b, f y
ROOMS TO — Furn. and I'nfnrn.
HARRISON. ?25— Large room with closet and
bath, furnished or unfurnished, for housekpg.'
HAWTHORNE. 172, bet. Second and Thkrdi
near Harrison— Pleasant sunny rooms; board
• optional ; ■ reasonable.
HOWARD. 715—200 sunny rooms: nicely fur-
nished; every convenience; electric lights.
HOWARD. 529 Furnished rooms from $1 per
week' up; also housekeeping and transient. . .
HOWARD, H3oU— Newly furnished rooms rea-
sonable; light housekeeping privileges.
HOWARD. 1144— Nice sunny suites; running
water-, reasonable: permanent patrons desired.
HOWARD. 1511 A —Bay-window room; 1 or 2
gentlemen; with bath; board optional.
HUGES HOUSE. 214 Third— Newly renovated;
'25c to 50c per night; $1 50 to $3 per week.
IVY aye., 128, nr. Franklin— Nicely furnished
front room; bath; German family; $."> month.
MINNA. 667, cor.'Elghth— Newly furnished bay-
window room. $1 per week: transient.
"NEWPORT." 21 Franklin, nr. Market-Large j
bay-win, rn-s. and single, $5 up; also hskpg. i
NICELY furnished rooms In private family.
.\i ply 506 Mason St., near Post.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms nnd
offices; ejevator: electric lights: day. wk.. mo.
POLK, 1JO8»,4 Neat back parlor, with use of
front; rent to suitable party. $6.
POWELL, 317 (formerly Cosmos Club)— El-
egantly furnished sunny rooms: reasonable.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis St.— lncandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and
ladies' parlor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50;
week, $2 to $S: month. $S to $30; elevator on
office floor: rooms with hot. cold wat.; baths.
SACRAMENTO, 15H, bet. Hyde and Larkin—
Rooms; modern, clean and eunny; private
residence.
SEVENTH, 17S— Cheerful sunny furnished front
room; $4 per month; bath. 1
SEVENTH, (62— Nicely furnished roorqs; sun-
ny all day: nice lawn; modern conveniences.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth St..
near Market— umisbed and unfurnished.
SIXTH. S3. nr. Market. Hlllsdale House-Ele-
gant -furnished rooms: elevator; transient.
STOP wanting furnished rooms; get list free.
PACIFIC ROOM RENTING CO., 426 Kearny.
TAYLOR, 117 — Large front room, $16 a month;
also single; bath.
THE Heath. 312 Eddy St.— First-class rooms
and board: hot and cold water; telephone;
modern: all conveniences.
THE Piedmont (119 A Sixth st.)— Sunny bajr_-
window rooms, double or single; rent low.
THIRD. 129— Sunny furnished rooms from $1
per week up.
THIRD, Nice single rooms for men; 75c to
$1 per we etc
THIRD. 520—2 or 3 unfurnished rooms, with
bath: cheap. • " .
TURK. £36. cor. Gough — Sunny corner alcove
room; handsomely furnished; beatiful' view;
overlooking Jefferson Square: reference.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented: re-
rvntrine nt lowest rate*. 205 Fourth Ft.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
MRS. DR. HOPKINS. 996 - Market St.. office 2—
New discovery for rheumatism; also medi-
cated baths for alcoholism and rheumatism.
BAD tenants ejec 1 for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 41n Montgomery st rnn"i« *>-!": tel. SWI
•STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop..
722 Mission; goods guaranteed: tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post. cor. Powell: tel Main 5713.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOUR elegant new up-to-date 2-story houses
of 7, 8 and 9 rooms and bath each; first-class
neighborhood: near school and stations: street
work all complete; from $3000 to $4000; only
$500 cash and $25 and $30 per month: great bar-
gains; cheap lots for cash and houses to let
In all parts of Alameda.
$2200— Lot 50x150; $200 cash and $20 per month:
fine, nearly new cottage; in a good neighbor-
hood: near High School and station.
12500 — Lot r.:,x115, with elegant residence of 8
rooms; in fine condition; macadamized street;
near station and school: great bargain; worth
.'.' 0; any terms; same as rent.
$2600— 40x207:6; fine, new, modern 6- room
cottage; near High School and station; $500
cash and $25 per month.
$1000— Lot 25x125; cottage of 5 rooms; street i
work complete; near station; easy terms.
$1600— Let S3:4xloS;with a fine modern cottage
of 6 rooms and bath; nice garden; street work i
all done; near station and school; $100 cash, I
balance $20 per month.
$2850— cash, balance $25 per month; lot
40x150, with new up-to-date cottage of 7 rooms
and bath; between broad and narrow gauge on
Morton st.
$3250 — $500 cash, $25 per month; legs than
rent; lot 40x150: eleganjt new 2-otory, 8 rooms
and bath; on Morton st., near Morton-st. sta-
tion; best bargain in Alameda: elegant resi-
dences on Santa Clara aye. and Central aye. I
at a bargain.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.,
1432 Park St., Alameda.
ABOUT finished, modern 8-room house, choic-
est location; also modern cottage. 6 rooms; |
lots 50x150; easy terms. Apply 1518 Mozart
et.. Mastlck etatlon. Alameda.
CHEAPEST and beet In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to . any address In . the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
FURNISHED rooms, double or single; hot and,
cold water shower baths: steam heat: tele-
phone near station; breakfast if desired;
every home comfort. 2101 Central aye.
HOME for ladles In delicate health; large
grounds: private. MRS. PR FT7NKE. 1416 Sth.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
fITOO^HOUSE of 5 rooms and bath; lot 50x135;
on the sunny side of street; only 4 blocks
from University grounds and 2 blocks from
railroad JOS. J. MASON,
Real Estate, adjoining P. O-. Berkeley.
ONLY $3500— 2-story house of 7 rooms; tot 186 x
125; near electric railroad; just the place to
. raise chickens. . JOS. J. MASON.
Real Estate, adjoining P. P.. Berkeley.
NICE Improved residence In Berkeley, beauti-
fully laid out grounds, lor small Improved
farm in bay counties; must have good water
facilities. German-American, M Kearny st.
FOR pale— sl7so; a house of 6 rooms, bath and
cellar; modem; 5 minutes' from U. C. ; near
electric cars; lot DOxlOO; this is the cheapest
buy In Berkeley; lot alone cost $600; this
house has Just been built; $300 down and $15
a month at 7 per cent Interest. Address
Owner, 2137 Dwlght-way. ■
FOR SALE FOR CASH.
A house of 4 rooms, windmill and tank; elope
to Ashby; lot 40*30; all clear; $S5O. 21&7
Dwlght way.
CORNER store, with grocery fixtures; rent
reasonable. 400 Fifth st. ,
FOR sale— 4-room house, close to Dwlght way;
$1100. Address Owner, 2137 1 might way.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY
OAKLAND REAL ES'TATE^^
\
$3000—7 ROOMS; up to date new house; lot
60x134; must sell in 10 days: terms to suit;
call for ii list of n.ew houses. E. E. .OUNCE.
SOS Broadway, Oakland. ■
$3500— A FURNISHED npw Gothic Queen Anne
style house, 6 rooms and basement room nnd
attic; everything the latest style and finish;
seeing is believing; call early; owner in retir- |
ing from housekeeping: property cheao at
$4. r .OQ. T. S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR • \l-K.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
FOR' rent irtth board In private family, a large |
handsomely furnished room, with furnace [
heat; t blocks from cars. Address A. W., i
Call office. Oakland. . '
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND^ NOTICE Dividend No. 71 (So per
chare) of the Hutchinson Sugar Plantation ;
Company, will be payable at the office of the ; ,
company, 227. Market St., on and after '
Wednesday, September . 20. 1899. Transfer |
books will close on Thursday, September 14.
1899. at 3 o'clock; p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 1 (25c per
share) of the Kilauea. Sugar Plantation Com- .
pany will be payable at the office of the ] :
company. 327 Market street, on or after Fri- j i
day September 15tlf, IS9». Transfer books | >
will close on Friday, September Bth, 1899, at j 1
' S o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary. J;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1899.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for tools, materials, scientific In-
struments, books and office furniture for the
United States refrigerating and Ice-making
plant, Manila, P. Office of the officer in
charge, room 507, Pullman building, Chicago,
111., September 7. 1899. Sealed proposals in
triplicate for furnishing and delivering above
articles In BDeclfled . Quantities will be re-
ceived here until 8 o'clock p. m., September
29. 1599. Bidders will quote prices for deliv-
ery at place of manufacture at Chicago, 111.,
and at San Francisco, Cal. For Information
and lists of material to be furnished apply
at the office of the Depot Quartermaster, San
Francisco, - Cal. Envelopes containing pro-
posals should be marked "Proposals for Tools
and Materials for U. - S. Refrigerating and Ice-
maklne Plant. Manila, P. 1.," addressed to
MAJOR LEON S. ROUDIEZ. Q. M.. U. 9.
V., and should be mailed In San Francisco
not Inter than Saturday evening, September
23, I*B9.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Richard Oliver and Annie F. Doherty 26-1S
Susebe I' Lille and Charlotte Fpuchy 23-21
iVllliam H. Brunning and Ella J. Chase.. ..2S-25
.hauncey S. Watson and Minnie R. Mills. .4S-43
r. Frederick Arndt and Clara E. Kriegel...3o-23
Prank J. Downey and Mary C. Walters.. ..3l-21
toward C. Curtis and Elizabeth P. __eU_le.2s-20
?uran Peterson an.l Minnie A. Comport — 57-28
ll.^rt Smith and Lena Harris 36-24
BIRTfIS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS,
Birth 'marriage and death notices sent by
nail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
HOELSCHER— In this city, September 11, 1599,
to the wife of William Hoelscher. a daughter.
DIED. - '
Anderson, Sarah Knlppenberg. Ernst
Andersen. Ingrld Lackey. Julia F.
Bishop. Florence E. McCarthy, Joseph
Brady, Mrs. M. J. Thompson, Captain
Barnes, Duane ■'■•; Noah S.
Cueunello. Vincenzo ; Valey. Louis
Deerlng, James H. Van Slyke, Nicholas
Francis, Estelle Vidulich. Maria J.
Grosskopf. Catharina : Wilson, Maggie
Kibble, Elizabeth
ANDERSEN— In this city, September 12. 1539,
Inerld Andersen, beloved wife of Oluf An-
dersen, and beloved mother of Mary. Wil-
liam. Jennie and Ol^a Andersen, a native of
Norway, aged 47 years 3 months and 16 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, frem . Our Savior's
Scandinavian Lutheran Church, Howard
Street, between Twelfth and Thirteenth. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
ANDERSON— this city. September 14, 1898,
Sarah, beloved wife of Thomas Anderson, a
native of Australia, aged 62 years and 2
months.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
BARNES— In the Presidio Military Hospital.
September 13. 1599. Duane Barnes, Company
G. First California Volunteers, a native of
New York, aged 22 years.
BISHOP— In Oakland. September 14, 1899, Flor-
ence E., beloved wife of Clyde L. Bishop, a
native of San Francisco, aged 28 years and
5 months.
IC7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, at the
residence of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. A. E.
Bennett. 540 Twenty-second street. Inter-
ment private.
BRADY— A month's mind mass will be cele-
brated at Sacred Heart Church, Flllmore and
Fell streets, to-morrow (Saturday), at 9
o'clock, for the repose of the soul of the
late Mrs. M. J. Brady. Friends are invited
to attend.
CUEUNELLO— In this city, September 13, 1899,
Vir.c-enzo Cueunello, a native of Italy, aged
77 years.
DEERING— In this city. September 13. 1899,
James H. Deerlng. a native of Denmark,
Me., aged 76 years 1 month and 25 days.
El?" Funeral services and Interment private.
FRANCIS— In this city. September 13. 1899,
Estelle, beloved wife of C. P. Francis, a na-
tive of New York, aged 41 years. .
(C3*The funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
QROSSKOPF— Id this city. September 12. 1899.
Catharina Grosskopf, dearly beloved wife of
Joseph Qrosskopf, loving mother of Albert,
Joseph Jr., Julia, Frank and Matilda Gross-
kupf, beloved daughter of Barbara Gamma,
an.l sister of Frank and Antone Gamma and
Mrs. Alois Hummell. a native of Wai
Canton Url. Switzerland, aged S2 years 6
months and 10 days. A member of the Third
Order of St. Francis and Cbristllche Mutter
\>reln.
tt_TFrlend? and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 25A Vandcwater street, off Powell, be-
tween Bay and Francisco, thence to St. Boni-
face's Church. Golden Gate avenue, near
Jones Street, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Crops Cemetery-
KIBBIE— In this city. September 14, 1599. Eliza-
beth Kibble, a native of Canada, aged 42
years.
KNiyPENBERG— In this city, September 14.
1899, Ernst R., dearly beloved husband of
Ann.i Knippenber». and father of George,
Frank and Alice Knippenberg, a native of
Westphalia, Germany, aged 59 years and 24
days.
LACKEY— In this city. Julia F.. beloved wife
of James M. Lackey, daughter of Frances
Markham, and sister of Frank E. Daver-
kosen, a native of Newport. R. 1., aged 38
years. .
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, * 2512 Bush street, between Scott and
Devisadero. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MCCARTHY —An anniversary requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the -repose of the
soul of the late Joseph McCartny at All Hal-
lows' Church, N street, between Fifteenth
and Sixteenth avenues south. South San
Francisco, to-morrow (Saturday), commenc-
ing nt 9 o'clock. .
THOMPSON— In this city, September 13, 1898,
Captain Noah Spears Thompson, beloved hus-
band of Cornelia Clarke Thompson, a native
of Bourbon County. Ky. (Chicago Tribune,
Lafayette and Crawfordsville, Ind., and
Paris, Ky., papers please copy.)
C_? Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the .funeral services
to-morrow (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, at the
residence, 3739 Twentieth street. .
VALCY— In this city. September 14. 1899, Louis,
youngest and dearly beloved son of Theresa
and the late Gabriel Valey, and brother of
Remigio Valey, a native of San Francisco,
aged 4 months and 3 days.
VAN SLYKE— In this city, September 13, 1899,
Nicholas, beloved son of Anna Van Slyke,
and brother of John A. B. Van Slyke. a na-
tive of New York, aged 55 years 3 months an. l
22 days. (Schenectady, N. V., papers please
copy.)
[__TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth street,
where services will be held. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets. • -
VIDULICH— In Monterey, September 13, 1899,
Maria Josephine, beloved daughter of A. J.
and Nellie Vidullch, a native of ' California,
aged ■"' years 3 months and 10 days.
WILSON— In this city, September 13. 1599. Mag-
gie, dearly beloved wife of Robert Wilson,
mother of Edward F. and the late Mary L.
Wilson, and sister of Llllie, Mary and the
late John RHley and Mrs. Edward Monag-
han. a native of the parish of Templeport,
County Cavan, Ireland, aged 26« years.
E_TFriend3 and acquaintance* . are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 721 Tehama street, thence to St. .Jo-
seph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. .Interment. Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HtNRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEKS.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
/V\c:MA/O>" «fc co.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS.
1235 Market at., between Sth and 9th.
Telephone South 247.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Esther L. Crockard to Jacques Harielles, lot
on XX line of Trinidad (Seventh) avenue, 225
N\V of L street. XIV 2. r , by NE 100. block 122,
Central Park Homestead; $5.
Mary E. Gratto (CrockardJ to same, lot on
NE line of Seventh avenue, 250 NW of L
Street. NW 25 by NE 100, block US: name; $6.
Jiimen Johnston to same, lot on NE line of
Seventh avenue, 27, r i NW of L street, NW 25
by NE 100, block 122, same; $5.
Cella Kerney to Carrie B. Cheever, undivided
l-62d of name; $10.
( -. illn McGrane to Mary White, lot on SW
line uf Oak Grove avenue, 275 SE of Harrison
Strwt, SE 37:6 by SW 112; $10.
San Francisco Land Company to Charles H.
Lanipaap, lot on W line of Eighth avenue,
275 N of Clement street, N 25 by W 120; $1000.
Jacob and Lino, Heyman to Lavonia L. Mount
(wife of Samuel It.), lot oh E line of Forty-
Beventh avenue, 300 N of J street. N 60 by
E 120; $10.
Edwin and EJlen Lawrence to Alice M. Car
roll 1 wife of J- M.), lot on N line of M street,
R B of Tenth avenue, E » by N 100; $10.
Leopold and Josephine Hertnghi to Edward
Herlnghl, lot 5. block 180, University Extension
Association; $10.
Same tv same, lot on S line of Lobos street.
800 E of Plymouth. E 200 by S 125. block N.
Railroad Homestead; also lot on NW line of
Munich street. 125 SW of Russian avenue, SW
_3 by NW 100, block 80, pxcelslor Homestead;
also lot on NW line of Athens street, 50 NE of
China avenue, NE 25 by NW 100, block 66.
same; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Wllhelm and So
phia Zell, lot on K'W line of Athens street,
HOWARD CHURCH WILL
HAVE A NEW PASTOR
REV. J. S. THOMAS, THE NEW PRESBYTERIAN PASTOR.
THE deliberations of the San Francisco
Presbytery in the Lebanon Presbyte
rian Church on Sanchez .street closed
laal Tuesday. Some routine business
was transacted Wednesday. Public inter
est in the proceedings will largely center
on an announcement of the coming instal
lation of the new pastor of the -Howard
Presbyterian Church, Rtv. J. S. Thomas,
which will take place in that church one
week from next Sunday, at 3p. m. Rev;
Mr. Thomas is in the city and was in at
tendance at the Important sessions of the
Vresbytery. The programme as an
nounced is that Rev. R. W. Reynolds will
it NE of Persia. NE 25 by.NW 100. block 64,
Jacob and Lina Heyman to John F. yon
i Herrlick, lot _29, Jacob Heyman 1 _ subdivision
j Cobb Tract: $10.
Alameda County.
Susan Orr to Franklin E. and Ida V. Coates,
lot on SE corner of Twenty-fourth and Linden
streets. Esoby S 107 :6. bein.; B portion of lots
1 '.' and 1" I. lock H. man of survey of Northern
. Extension of Oakland: JW.
Hlbernln Savings and Loan Society to Louisa
Klrbv lot on SW corner of Telegraph and
Knox 'avenuec. SKby W V 1", bemg the Nls
feet of lot 3 and all of lot 4, Knox Park. Oak-
I land: fMK. T „
Venilia R. Parker fwife of J. A.) to J. IL
- Heath lot on W line of Looksle.y avenue 248
I S of clifton street, S SO by W MO, being the S
!35 feet of lot 19 and the N }5 feet of lot i*\
Locksley Square. Oakland; $10.
Mary X.. Anastatla and John F. Commin* to
Emmet A. Commlns. lot on S line of East
Twentieth street. 100 \V of Twenty-first avenue.
W 2.-> t.y S 14<i. being lot 17, block 49, San An
tonio, lisist Oakland; gift.
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to < Ity
I of Oakland, lot "H 755," "I ITS," on map sh<-w
--! ing lands to be taken for opening Commerce
i street, from F.ast Twelfth to East Twenty
! second, East Oakland: $27",.
Mountain View 1 "c-nietery Association to
Louisa K. Cunningham, lot 2'M. in plat 14,
i Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland Township;
c"har!es Rosenburg to Edmund Jacobs, lot be
i ginning at a point '.'2 feet W from SE corner of
i Chestnut and Lincoln ptrects, S 106 by Vt W,
! being lot 10, block A, Curtis Tract, Berkeley;
Vr-nllia R. and J. A. Parke,r to J. H. Heath.
lot on NE corner of Third street and Jones
i avenue N ISO, E ISO, S 2'rt. E 100. S 110, \W 250
to beginning, bein* a portion of block J ot
Andrew Jones' subdivision, Brooklyn Township;
John and Agnes Blank to same, lot on W line
1 of Second street 160 N of Jones avenue, N 20')
by W 100 block J. Jones Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Veallia R. and J. A. Parker to same, same
(Quitclaim deed); $10.
Pariin B. Cunningham to Louisa B. Cun
ningham, lot on E line of Adeline street. 580:0
! N of Monroe N 30S:fi E 159. S 10.'., E H, S 203:6,
HOTEL ARRIVALS
GRAND HOTKL.
A P Wilbur. Stocktn F W Page & fm Cal
C Marcy Riverside \V S Trncewell, \V Va
Miss Marcy. Riverside W Randall * w, Wash
L. c;erlach & w, BtoektniMn C Q Breed, Cal
W H Hart. St l'aul Mrs S A Aristead, Cal
H F Dangberg. Carson H 9 Ferguson, Bn Jose
W H Duffln, Winters A Osier, N V
A W Stuart, «'al iH F I)urphy, Cal
J H Hingham. <"al [Mrs c.T Buchanan, Cal
AY Allen, San Mateo IE Buchanan. Cal
F W Bwarton, ft Cruz S A I") Poter, Portland
J C Faican <t w, Cal Miss H Hicks. Kureka
H A « 'ro.ker, Oakland 1 1">r F F I'pham & w,
T E Bharkey. N V ■ Dlxon
II E Irish. Sta Cruz 'Ml?s "V T'phnm, Dixon
E O Anderson, N V [R T Covert. Salida
C R Holoomb. Portland 'A Musto, Sto.-kton
<; W Mally, tdvermore Mr? f: F. Michel. Fresno
j a Graves Cal .1 X todd, Rlverslds
.t H Rolloway, cai ! mim? Todd, Rlv_r«_fla
Mrs .1 11 Green, <"al T> II Mcßwen, Cal
Miss I Green, CSI R Kilorngton. Cal
L H Griffith, Seattle J W AVarren. Ls Ang
■\V \V Lavamocy, B C C Howard. l>enver
E D Andrews, Helena .1 1> Wansworth, Cal
Miss Orover. Colusa J F Tinker. Portland
Miss Howard. N V F W Sabicli. Ls Ang
G \V Grant, Vancouver' Mrs C A Loubrey, S I">
L Perry Lob Ang H Smith. Stanford
S Wertheim. Toronto \C H Gilbert & w, <~' n \
J Kirkpatrick, TorootoiMrs L de Vrles, Seattle
3 Stove] Toronto [It Laws. Surf
W J Oordge. Cal | Mrs .1 Roberts. S .Icse
Mr? Francll Mt View P \V Moore, Kdlßnds
Miss Fntncls, Mt View P V Leavy. Seattle
PALACK HOTEL.
F J Camlan. J'hlla A \V Pearson & w. Cal
M de Vrles * w. Phlla M A Phillips. Stanford
P O'Rourke. Pleasantn G Linn. San Jose
L M Davis, London II H HolUday, N V
C M Garver U 8 N IE L Oppenhelmer, N V
c Q Hunker. VS A pr A W Peck-ham. Pa
F X Mears Phila Miss E D Maple. ( ;U
B L'llman. New York |Mrs M E Benedict, Neb
L C Gutman, N V O Holterhoff & w, Cnl
M Franklin. N V ! Mlfs R rt Atherton, Cal
W V Newlln & w Cal Mrs M Donald, N T
F G Phelpß. NY J Bunce, U S N
T M Draper, NY D C O'Reilly. Portland
Blr T Tancred, London C H Lymberg. N V
W B Klrkman, Chicago J S Tobln, BurUngame
V B Archer A w, W Va B Thomas, New York
T L Fletcher Aus J R Tobin, San Jose
S Smith. Australia Mrs W \V Sylvester, Mo
A Schliemann. Paris O II Norton. IT S N
Mrs R E Montgomery, W A Moffett. I'SN
Council Bluffs Mr & Mrs Hflttrlck. Cal
Mies L D Rhorer, Neb Miss Unmans, N T
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
H Williams, Ls Ang ,B F Ivee, Fresno
F J Black, nakdalr- IG GUmpaon, Kenutcky
F .T Peterson. Sonora L Wendel, New York
F French, Redwood .1 F Gove, Portland
E Smith, Idaho C L Wendel. Slgsnns
H D Hammett, Btocktn 3 II I_idd, Seattle
J Chlno. New York jJ S Nelson. Seattle
R Warren. Manila jM O'Bbei. Skagtiay
J O'Connor, N V |M Coyle. San Jose
M Yarrow, Merced I A Lindstrom, Cal
JSt Clair, Petaluma I
SMUGGLING IMMIGRANTS.
Mexican Laborers Imported to Work
on Railroads in Arizona and
California.
Samuel I. Peerry of the United States
Immigration Board at Victoria passed
through this city yesterday on his way
to the Mexican frontier to investigate the
alleged KmiiKfding of Mexican railroad la
borers across the line Into the United
States at points of railro«d construction
between Tncson, Arizona, and Bakers
fteld. Cal. A short time ago Deputy
Immigration Commissioner A. de la
Torre of this city visited the border near
San Diego and found that the smuggling
of Mexican labor into California was go
ing on at a lively rate. He reported the
fact to the Commissioner General at
Washington, and Mr. Perry was detailed
to look into the matter.
COMMISSIONER GWIN RETIRES.
Has Been Asked for His Resignation
to Take Effect on the First.
As foreshadowed In The Call several
months ago, news came from Washing
ton yesterday that Shipping Commissionn
( r "William M. Gwin will be request
ed to hand In his resignation to take
effect on the Ist of October. Mr. Gwin
was appointed by President Cleveland six
years ago, and was afterward placed in
act as moderator. Rev. Dr. Mackenzie will
deliver the sermon. Rev. Mr. Carson will
charge the pastor and Rev. Dr. Hemphlll
will charge the people.
Rev. Mr. Thomas is quite young, but he
has already occupied several pastorates.
He is a graduate of Lawrence University,
Wisconsin, and Lane Seminary, Cincin
nati. He was first a pastor at Jackson,
Ohio, and then occupied the pulpit in the
Fifth Presbyterian Church in Cincinnati,
where he remained three years. Then he
was pastor of the Bethlehem Presbyterian
Church in Minneapolis. He comes to San
Francisco from Minneapolis.
the civil service, but President McKin
ley's proclamation of last May took the
position out ,of the civil service and left it
open. Charles W. Bassett will be appoint
ed to the vacancy. He has been fee
ommrinl.il by the California delegation.
The clerks in the office are protected by
civil service and will not be changed.
THEATER WAR TAX.
Special Agent Thomas Will Procure
the Rearrest of Lessee McDonald
of the Alhambra.
Internal Revenue Agent Bert M.
Thomas is not satisfied with the decision
of United States Commissioner Heacock
in the theater war tax case. In which
Henry McDonald of the Alhambra Thea
ter was the defendant. McDonald was
lessee of the theater and was arrested
for refusing to pay the war tax of $100
per year.
His attorney contended that the pro
prietor of the theater building should pay
the tax and not the lessee. judge
Heacock decided tbat McDonald"s at
torney was right.
Mr. Thomas says that If the derision
stands it will lose A large sum of money
to the United States, and that all over
the country the lessees and not the pro
prietor is made to pay the tax. Mr.
Thomas proposes to file an information
against McDonald and throw the contro
versy Into the United States courts for
decision.
The men of Chicago spend $3,500,000 a
year for shaves.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, September 14.
Stmr Sunol, Hlgglns, 69 hours from San
Dleeo.
Schr, Nettle Low, Low, 5 hours' from Point
Reyes.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, 52 hours from New-
port.
DOMESTIC PORT.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Sept 14— Bark
Hefner, from Port Townsend.
Sailed Sept 14- Haw ship John Ena, for Dela-
goa Bay.
OCEAN TRAVEL. "
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
' tab ' Steamers leave Broadway
in~thj,, wharf. San Francisco.
yjja^S**^ For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
\ &ft£frj2 l S«^ September IS, 23, 28, October
; S&BtKVsa^ ;i - tlian Ke at Seattle.
* ■BSajSHR *a3 For Victoria, Vancouver
iHu^^l flt - C.). Port Townsend, Se-
,r^^^Kß^Stt attle, Tar. run. Everett, Ana-
cortes and New Whatcom
1 (Wash.), 10 a. m.. September
18, 23, : 2S, October S. '. and
every fifth day thereafter; change at Seattle
to this company's steamers for Alaska and
C,. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Hiimholdt Bay), 2 p. m.. Sep-
tember 16, 21, 26. October 1, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon,
Cavil" 1 " Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
Gavlota, Santa Barbara. • Ventura. Hueneme.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m., September it. 21. 25, 29, Oc-
tober 3. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (Pan Luis Obispo). Snnta Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m.. September 15, 19, 23, 27, October 1. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ens^nada. Mnsdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Ma7.ntlan, Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and GuaymaB (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain folder.
.The cpmnany reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing.
TICKKT OFFICE-! New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts..
. 10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N, CO.
' DISPATCH FAST BTE.AMKRS TO
I 3 o :r, l. a. ]sr d
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
FARC $12 First Class Including Bert*
rant $s Second Clas ; and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Sept. 5. 15. 25: Oct. 5. 15. '25
COLUMBIA sails ..Sept. 10, 20, 30; Oct. 10. -20, 30
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
B. C. WARD, General Agent.
■ , -•;.-• • -. 630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
hi^W' imSA .*-— — ~-^. ber 20, at 2p. m
fHfPMBBREit Tne -s - 8 - Australia
fdtilMtSliX F ' lll! " fn "" Honolulu
irnnn Wednesday. Septem-
M b#r 2 °. at 2p. m.
(StS L' A s - s Marlposa sails
SiPiimSnineJ vla Honolulu and
JP3s# (yiUllllJlllU Auckland for Sydney
XS'&S&r <ofnß3f?H- Wednesday, October
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
I Samoa. New Zealand, Australia, India, Suez,
| England, etc. : $610 first class.
I. 0 SPHECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7. Foot Pacific SL Freight Office. 327 Market SL
" COMPA&NIE QENEHALE TnANBATLANTKJUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ,^ji».
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <;l»lm>
from Pier 42. , North River, foot of. V *"*•■««*»
Morton st. LA BRETAGNE. Sept. 23; LA
TOURAINE Sept SO; LA NORMANDIE, Oct.
7; LA CHAMPAGNE, Oct. 14; LA OASCCK3NE.
Oct 21. First-class to • Havre, $65 and up-
ward. 5 per cent reduction on round trip.
Second-class to Havre, $45. 10 per cent reduc
tlon on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 32 Broad-
way (Hudson building), New York. J. F. FU-
GAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Montgrom-
ery ay«., San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER steamers.
~?ob1k!. navy-yard and vallejq. ;
/ Steamer "Monticello."
MON., Tues.; Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night), Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m., 8
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1503. v '
FARE ;.,.....,,..,.....,.......... •.*...,. ....... Wo
1 - ■ " * " . ' . ' " ■ • ' "-;■■■
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
■ OF THE— '
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF ■THE——
Connecticut Mutual
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD. IN THE STATE OF CON-
necticut, on the 31st day of December,
A. D. 1898, and for the year ending on that
day; made to the Insurance Commissioner of
the State of California, pursuant to the re-
quirements of section 613 of the Political Code .
of said State.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock paid up
In Cash
ASSETS. ■
Net value of Real Estate owned by
the "Company $10,977. 71
Amount of Loans secured by Bond
and Mortgage on Real Estate 28,900,189 39
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks or other market-
able securities as collateral 2,300 00
Premium notes and loans in any
form taken in payment of premi-
ums on policies now In force 904,622 19
Cash market value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by the Company.... 20,405,063 42
Amount of Cash on hand in Com-
pany's office ».......»
Amount of Cash deposited in Banks 1,688.745 26 ;
Interest due and accrued..'... 965.702 63
Rents due and accrued ;. 12,072 27
Net amount of premiums in process
of collection and of deferred pre-
miums 322.549 40
Total assets 564.152.357 27
LIABILITIES.
Claims for death losses and matured
endowments, due and unpaid $ 87,570 50
Claims for death losses and ma-
tured endowments In process of
.adjustment, or adjusted but not
due : 149,319 00
Claims resisted, by the Company.... 40,392 00
Net present value of all the out-
standing policies, computed ac-
cording to the Combined. Experi-
ence Table* of Mortality, with 4 -
per cent interest...: 55.361, 00
Amount of all unpaid dividends to ....
policy holders 782,437 17
Surrender values claimable on poli- •
ces canceled 241.360 00
I'rWiiums paid in advance 34,854 53 ;
! Additional special reserve for Term
Policies and Annuities 15,098 00
Total liabilities ....' $56.665,845 20 ;
INCOME.
Cash received for premiums on new
policies during the year $ 339,300 44
Cash received for renewal of premi-
ums during the year 4,427,560 04
Cash received for sale of annuities.. 1.3<0 00 .
Cash received for interest 2,760.260 07
Cash received for rents 309,987 59
Cash received from all other sources
Total income $7,888,478 14
EXPENDITURES.
Cash paid for losses and matured
endowments $4,253.340 44 I
Cash paid to annuitants 25 00 1
Paid for surrendered p01icie5...:.... 606,040 a.i 1
Paid for dividends to policy hold- j
crB ...... ...••...«••••••••••••••••••" 1t 2 (2, 633 iS
Cash paid for dividends to stock-
holders ••••• „,„....,
Commissions paid to agents 360,504 71
Salaries and other compensation of
i officers and employes, except
I agents and medical examiner!"... . 151.699 98
Salaries and traveling expenses of.
managers of agencies 23,999 S3
Medical examiners' fees and sal- __ _ I
ar eR ; 21.475 45
i Cash paid for taxes 206.335 63
; Cash paid for rents 7.037 CO
Cash paid for taxes on Real Estate 1u,64S 62
All other cash payments 279,160 03
Total expenditure, during the K.439.W 99 I
year *7,4<f.'.w <•
PREMIUM-NOTE ACCOUNT.
Premium notes and other
premium obligations at
beginning of the year...5953,315 .2
Premium notes and other
premium obligations re- ' .
ceived during the year... 66S 00 .
Total 5953,953 72
/
Deductions during the year, as follows:
Amount of notes and othter
premium obligations u*d
in payment of losses and
claims $22,277 37
Amount of notes and other I
premium obligation* used
In purchase of surren-
dered policies ■• 9,320 43
Amount of notes and other • •
premium obligations used
In payment of dividends ■
to policy holders ......... 35.31186
Amount of notes and other
premium obligations void-
ed by lapse of policies.. 2,124 00
Amount of notes and other
premium obligations re-
deemed by maker In 11,327 87
cash .•■••• 11.327 87
Total reduction of Premium-
Note Account ••• $79,36153
Balance, note assets at end of the
year .........••••.•••>••••• y*O4.pj» la ,
JACOB Li. GREENE, President.
HERBERT H. WHITE. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this j
17th day of February, 1899.
NATHAN F. PECK, Notary Public.
F\ R. INOYES,
GENERAL AGENT;
A. K. F». HARMON, j
District Superintendent Agencies.
30-31-32 Mills Building, Montgomery St. |
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Louis Sept. M St. Louis Oct. 11
St. Paul.... Sept. 27 St.? Paul Oct. IS
New York Oct. 4 New York Oct. 25
RED STAR LINE.
. : . ■ New York and Antwero.
From New York Every Wednesday, 11 noon.
Kensington Sept. 20 South wark Oct. 11
Nordland Sept. 27 Weaterniand Oct. 18
Frlesland.....:..Oct. 4 Kensington....:. Oct. 25
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle, St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
80 Montgomery st., or any of its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m.. for
! YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Naganakl and Shanghai, and ;
i connecting at Hongkong with steamers for ■
1 India, etc. j No cargo received on board on day |
I of sailing.
AMERICA-MARL' Friday. October 6
HONGKONG-MARU Wednesday, Nov. 1
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. , For j
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market st., cor. Flr»t. . *
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT. '
EVERY DAY IN ,THE YEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
! TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
I FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. * TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:10 P. M.
j DINING-ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR
■ FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN '
i EVERY DETAIL, SERVING t MEALS AT
•REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO /TICKET OFFICE. 628
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE MAIN 153 L
OAKLAND. OFFICE, 1118 Broadway. -' : '-VM
SACRAMENTO OFFICE, 201 J Street.
BAN JOSE OFFICE. T W. Santa Clara st.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
flrnvrnitnar pacific foJiPAJtf.
(PACIFIC SVSTRW.)
•Train* Irarc and »r« due «■•» Mrrlve at
WAN rKAK«l««».
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street) „
leavb — From ApopbtS. 1833. — ARRrv
/7:OOa Benicia, Sulsud and Sacramento. . . . Ot«r
7:00 a MaiTUTillo, Orov'.Ueand Bedding via _
Woodland •- 2 : -« r
7i©oa Elmira, Vacaville and Rumscy ... . . Bioop
7:!M>a Martinez, San Uanson, Vallejo. Napa, "
- Calistega and Santa Rosa.... S : J? ?
•iOOa Atlantic Kjtpress, Og.lcn »nd Kaat.. 9«13a
BiIIOa .San Jose, .LlTermorc, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento, PlaperrUle,
JlarysTtllp. Chico. 1ted 81uff....... «:lflp
8:30 a 'Milton, Oakd&le and Honora 4:Iop
8:30 a Yosemite Valley Tia Oakdale and
♦Jhiueso 4:10p
•:OOa HavT/arda, Nilcs and Way Stations. 1 I **&A.
•xOOa MartracE, Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton,
Merced mid Fresno ....' 12H5p
■ iIMIa Fresno, UalicifllioM Santa Barbara,
Lea Angeles. Deming. El Paso,
New Orleans and East Bi4sp
1O:OOa Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations 7:4"»p
1 1 iOOa Haywards. Niles and VV-y Stations. 8:40p
12:00* Nilcs, LJrermore. Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Uanford, Visaiia,
Pcrtervllle 4:15*
•liOOp Sacramento Itiver Steamers »S:OOp
S:OOp Haywards, Ni:.t and Way Stations. Ot43p
4ittop Martinez. Han Ramon, Vallejo.
■ Naps, t.'allsKiga. Kanta Hosn tIsIOA
4:oot> Bcnicia, Vacavilln, .Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Lauding.
MarysTUle, Oro»ill« I0M»a
<j8OpN1;ob. Han. Toae and Stockton 7:13p
4:30p Yosemito Sleeping Car for Raymond l*:l3p
StOOpThe OwL Tracy, Frerao. Bakers-
field. Baugus (or SanU Barbara.
Los Angeles »:4fU
StßOp Stocktou. Merced, Fresno 18:13r
9i3op Martinez, Tracy. Mendota. Fresno,
MojaTe pud l.os Angeles.'. B:*3a
Oi-lop Santa 1 << Uoute, Atlantio Kxpress
for MojaTO mid Hast 8:43F
•tOOp Chloago-Sa.li Francicco Special. ;
and Kant «t»©p
6:0 Op Haywards. Nilea ard San Jose 7t4n a
•O:OOp Vallejo 13:l»p
}7ioop "ailejo. Porb Costs and Way 8U-
Uons .' J9:85»
B:<»sr Orecou KxprpSß.HacraTTionto. Marys-
Title. Kmlilliiß. Portland. Pugek
Hiiiiinlitnd Hast 8»lgA
COAST DIVISION (NnrroiT (Jaigo).
(Foot of Market Street.) ■
"ITj4*a Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa ~*
Cruz and Principal Way BUUon« I 8»«»»
OilSa Newark,Cei)terv*.lle, San Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek.Santa Crux and Way
Stations »«OO*
49t18p Newark, Centervillo. Ban Joae, New
Alniadou, Felton, Jioulder Creek,
Santa Cniz and Principal Way
Stations •I«ts»*
4tlBp San Jose. Ulenwood and Way Sta-
tions. oi2oa
MilSpTelton. Santa Cmx and Way 6ta-
tiona..; /»i2oa
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rnmSAn rRIKCISCQ— rest of Market Street (Slip —
*7:16 9:00 ll:00i.a. . 11-03 *2:00 13:00
•4:00 tS:CO *6:00r.M.
FrtmOilUSD— r«l of Dread wujr.— "o:oo 8:00 10:00 A.M.
| 113:00 *l; 00 t3:CO *3:00 11:00 «3:00r.M.
COAST DIVISION (Broad Gauge). r
(Third and Townsend Stg.)
•«:I«A Ocean View, South ban I'rancirco.. «6«»0p
*7:O(»a San Joso and Way Stations (New
Almadeu Wednesdays only) •8:004
17:80 a Sunday Excursion for Santa Cnu,
Pucltic (irovo and Principal Way
Stations :5:33»
. •:OOa pan Joso. Tras rinO3. Santa Cruz,
I'uciiio Grove. Paso Rubles, San
Luis • Oblspo, Surf, Lompoo and
.Principal Wny Rations 4>lop
I »x lOa Ban Joso mid Way Stations Ci3sa
I1:3Oa San Jose and Wny Stations liSOr
•S:4sp San Mateo, Redwood. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. San Jose.
Hollister. Santa Crux. Salinas,
Monterey and Pacllio GroTe 'lO^bA
•8::? Or San Jose, Santa Cruz, Facino Grove
and Principal Wny Stations .• *7:30p
••l:15p San Josoand rrincipal Way Stations 9:43 a
•3:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations *S:U5a
StUOp San Jose and Principal Way Statious *9:()0a
fl::tOr San Jose and Way Stations H-.'.Wp
t11143p San Jose mid Way Stations t7«aOp
A for Morning. 1' f or Afternoon.
• Sunday excepted. Sunday only. t Saturday only.
liSaturday and Sunday. /Sunday and Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. CO,
I-iIIISSEID
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot oS Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEI*.
WEEK DAYS— 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:3SJ
8:S0. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at I:s*
and 11:30 p. in.
SUNDAYS— 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30»
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50,9:2.>, 11:10 a, m. ; 12:15,
8:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. in.
SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. m. 1:40, 3:40. 5:05,
' 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schueizea Park
aame schedule as above.
Leave 1 , Arrive
Ban Francisco. I In Effect San Francisco.
April 16, n
Week Sun- \ 1599. ' Sun- j Week
Days. days. I Destination. days. | Days.
T:3O api 8:00 ami Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
1:30 pin 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
(:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Kosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pra
Fulton,
7:40 am Windsor, 10:25 aa*
Iloaid^burg,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
1:10 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:20 pra
7:30 am I Hopland and j 10:25 an»
8:30 pm 8:00 am Uklah. j 7:35 pm 6:20 pea
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevilla. 7:35 pm
1:30 pm 6:20 pm
T:3O am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
■ and I
1:10 pm 5:00 pm; Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
1:30 pm 5:00 pm i 7:35 pin, 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White. Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Springs: at Geyservllle for Skag-ga
Spring's; at Clovardale for the Geysers; at Hop*
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs.
Kelsey-vllle, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
§ort and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
prlnes, Saratoga Spring*, Blue Lake?, Laurel
pell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, :
Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Heights, Hullville,
Boonevtlle, Philo, Christine, Soda Springs.
Kavarro, Whitesboro, Albion, Little River*
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Brag?,;
Westport, Usal, 'WtlllttS'. Laytonvllle, Cum^
tnlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka. ,
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bid*.
H. C. WHITING, R. X RYAN, •
General Manager. ' Gen. Pass. Agent.
; .
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via S«uaalit» Parry.
Commencing September 1, 1899.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— '8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m. ;
•1:45, 3:20, 4:00, 5:15, "6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *9:00. '10:00. 11:00, 11:30
a. m. 1:00, *1:45, »2:30, »i:00, 5:30, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Raf'l Sundays.
5:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (»). run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— a.-25. »6:40, 7:55, 8:40, »10:20
a. m. 12:30, 2:15. »3:40. 4:35. 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays; Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m. '
SUNDAYS— 7:OO, »8:00, "9:45. *10:45. film
a. m.; 1:00, 2:20, *3:30, *5:15. '6:00. 7:00. 10:13
p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO,
WEEK DATS— 6:50. 7:55, 8:53, 10:3 d
a. m.: 12:35, 2:45. 4:55, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00, 10:20 p. m.
■ SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:00. 11:10 a. m.: 12:0o.
1-20 2:40, 3:55. 5:30. 6:30, 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS. ,
7:00 a.'m. week days— Cazadero and way stana.
3:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta ns.
8:0j a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way Mans.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta ns.
- , ', — ■
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIH
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2S, .1899, trains will run as follows:
. South-bound. T I North-bound.
p., s i n . I Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger
. Dally. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Dally.
T2oTmllO:SO am Stockton j 3:45 pm 6:00 pm
9-10 am 2-05 inn Merced 12:40 pm 4.1.. pm
10:40 am 5:35 pm Fresno ' 9:30 am 2:42 pm
11 IS ami 7-45 pm Han:..: 7 : if, am: 1:4.i pm
•>•'-, pm 12-30 am Bakersndd 2:00 am 11:00 am
Il : sTam ' 6 : 'spm , Vlsalia . C:4oam I:22pm
12:15 pi 6:53 pm' Tulare 5:50 am l:ospm
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
or particular, of stag* and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Department. 321 Market at..
San Francisco. •
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing SUNDAY, April 23, 1839.
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a. m., and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m.. Return**; • Sam« Even-
ing, arriving in San Francisco at 11:20
SUNDAYS, 8. 9, 10 and 11 a. at- and 1:45. 2:30
Mand 4 v. m. \.
Fare S F. to Summit and Return. $1.40.
THOS.COOK & SON, Agts.. 621 Market st.
1112
TIME AT BAND FOR
NAMING CANDIDATES
Early Forecast of the Demo
cratic Local Nominations,
Legion of Aspirants for the r avor of Dele
gates — Republican Leaders Decide
to Hold a Conference To-
Morrow Forenoon.
APOLITICAL soason remarkable for
its dullness will be enlivened some
what by the announcement that
the local nominating conventions
will be called to order again dur-
Ing the last week of this month.
The Republicans may not proceed at once
to the real business of nominating a mu
nicipal ticket- An adjournment until the
beginning of the first week in Octobt-r
would cause no surprise.
Jasper McDonald, chairman of the Dem
ocratic convention. Will call to order the
delegates of that body Tuesday evening,
September 2C. He will then announce the
names of forty men to be added to the
peventy-two already Belected by the va
rious delegations to serve on the county
committee-. Mr. McDonald remarked yes
terday that the delegates would then go
right along -with the work of nominating
a ticket. Gavin. McXab and Jasper Mc-
Donald, as representatives of the Com
mittee of One Hundred, are not holding
the convention with a loose rein. The pro
gramme which they have practically de
cided to Bubmlt will be accepted by the
convention. A delegate whose sympathies
are with the controlling faction makes
tills forecast of the Democratic ticket:
Mayor, James D. Phelan; Assessor,
"Washington Dodge; District Attorney, L.
F. Byington; City and County Attorney,
Franklin D. Lane ; Sheriff. J'-remiah
Deasy; County Clerk, Fred A. Baldwin;
Tax (.Collector, Klchard P. Doolan; Public
Administrator, P. Boland; Treasurer,
Colonel Samuel Brooks or a German not
announced as a candidate; Recorder,
Ed Godchaux; Auditor. B. Hienenfeld; Re
r. T. X W. Leland.
Tho foregoing is but a small percentage
of the quota of candidates. Among as
COMBINED AGAINST
THE DEADLY CIGARETTE
The League of the Cross organizations
of the Mission Dolores parish will com
n holding their annual rally and es
say i . Parlor Hall, Seven
aear Valencia, Sunday
■k. All boys and young
rish have been invited and
■ - reserved for them.
L Of the cadets, in full uni
form, under command of Captain Frank
j. Monahan, will attend In a body.
y contest will be the ilrst of the
I will mark a departure by
League of I in its crusade
■ vices of our local youth. The
be discussed by the young ora
will be "The Moral and Physical Ef-
Clgarette Smoking Upon the
■• merl< a."
Thi the contest will be Hon.
b F. Dunn, Attorney B. J. Ban
and Miss Julia <'. Coffey of the
, Valley Grammar School.
v liter E. Dora, the grand president
League of the Cross, will preside
rally, and Rev. Joseph Conway of
on Dolores Church will deliver an
-s on "Temperance." A select musi
dnment will also be presented.
-sii'ii will be free to adults and
■
f©©KS
% IN
Hi MUTES
Everybody Wants
Good Coffee
Try
Great American Importing; Tea Co.
Big Presents Free.
STORES EVERYWHERE.
100 STOKES.
Land Scrip
And
Land Warrants
Of All Kinds
For the Location of
Government
And
State Lands
Both Surveyed
' And Unsurveycd.
F. A. HYDE,
410 VLwMtuasix St., 6aa Franeitco
f plrants for the office of District Attorney
j are Senator Porter Ashe, Walter Strad-
I ley, Wesley Reed, Thomas F. Barry, Eu
gene Deuprey and Robert Ferral.
Porter Ashe is popular, but he could
! not serve as District Attorney without
rfsiprning tho Senatorship. The district
whirh he represents is Republican and
| his successor will be a Republican. It is
not possible for the -Republicans to find
another candidate for Senator as
objectionable as the' one defeated
•by Mr. Ashe. The Democrats, ap
; preciaiing the fact, art not ready to
' lose a seat in the Senate. Y.et very many
| of them would be delegated to support
! Senator Ashe for District Attorney if the
party did not need his service In the
upper house of the Legislature.
Ihe Sheriff's oflice is an alluring prize.
|It tempts the aspirations of Thomas
; Burke, Colonel O'OAnnor, William J.
I Biggy, Richard I. Whelan, J. P. Dockery,
! Jeremiah Deasy and many others.
For County Clerk Fred Balto-tn.
! Michael Haley and John A. Browrr are
candidates for the convention's favor.
| Leaders of the City Republican Leaerue
I and members of the executive committee
will meet at the headquarters of the
organization. Grand Hotel, at 9 a. m.,
Saturday. The forenoon hour was ap
pointed to suit the convenience of Henry
T. Scott, Zenas U. Dodge and others.
The time for holding another session of
the nominating convention will be fixed
at the morning conference. The present
plan is to convene the delegates on the
evening of September 26, but the leaders
may decide to extend the recess one
week.
The Republican leaders are still sur
veying the field to find the most accept
able candidate for Mayor. John A. Rus
sell, clerk of the Board of Supervisors,
is mentioned as one on the list of the
acceptable, but this mention does not
signify that his name heads the list
Horace Davis still maintains a place
near the head of the column.
THREATENED WITH ARREST.
; .Deputy Fish Commissioner Locks
Horns With His Late Prisoner.
Deputy Game and Fish Commissioner
L. N. Keroheval is having trouble with
a man whom ho arrested a week ago for
violating the laws by having a set wire
net in the San Joaquin River. On the
7th inst. he found J. D. White, Frank
Winter and C. L. Toyer at the net. which
he was watching, and arrested them on
the spot. The three were taken to Tracy
where, acting upon the advice of the
Justice of the Peace, he carried them on
to Stockton for trial. Toyer was dis
- missed by the Stockton magistral
he immediately demanded that the assist
ant District Attorney issue a warrant for
the arrest of the CommiPsion. rs' officer
for false and illegal imprisonment. This
the assistant refused to do.
Kercheval states that his acts were
proper, being advised to do as he did by
the Justice at Tracy, who did not want
! to handle the case a." the jail at that place
| nad been burned down. In regard to the
j imprisonment of Toyer, he says that
I under tne circumstances that it "was the
only thing he could do. In fact, he sub
mitted the facta to the District Attorney
and the latter stated that there was
ample evidence to hold him. Mr. Kerche
\al came back to town yesterday to tes
tify In rr.other case in which the com
mission is Interested, hut he Pays that
If he is wanted at Stockton ho will wili
ingly meet the charges that may be made
and he :s sure that his course will be
Justified.
In a new electric bell of German origin
the automatic make and break is a sepa
rate apparatus which may be placed in
the main battery circuit, so that one will
suffice for all the bells worked by each
battery.
NEWS OF CAMP, FIELD AND TRANSPORT
TROOPS WILL
PARADE ALONG
THE BAY SNORE
Line Will Form at
Eleven O'Clock.
The great question for discussion at the
Presidio yesterday was the big- parade.
It. has been decided to form the troops
at the foot of the old parade plain, their
right resting on the bay and the line ex
tending up toward the volunteers. This
will bring them facing west. The various
commands have been ordered to be ready
to form at 11 o'clock, and there will be no
delay.
The order requires "undress" uniform,
and this phrase has set commanding offi
| cers talking. Just what undress uniform
Is Is a little uncertain just at present.
It may mean leggins and campaign hats,
or it may mean no leggins and fatigue
| caps; or it may even allow 'the dress the
I volunteer regiments have been wearing
1 very much of late— campaign hats, leg
gins, blue trousers, no blousts and a dark
blue shirt, set off sometimes with a red
' necktie. •
The Twenty-sixth Infantry will be the
! next to arrive at the Presidio. It was
recruited in the far East and rendezvoused
at Plattsburg barracKs, New York. It is
commanded by Colonel Edward Rice.
The regiment has been some days on the
way out here, but if nothing happens it
should reach here to-day or early to
morrow. Whether or not it will go into
camp here is a question, for unless the
seven remaining companies of the Thirty
fourth get away before it arrives, the
; Twenty-*lxth, or part of It, will have to
<go into temporary quarters in the de-
I tention camp on Angel Island. No troops
I have been sent there yet, for the camp
; was established for any volunteer regi
ment returning, from the Philippines thai
might be put under quarantine
The Belgian King, the transport to
which the remaining companies of the
Thirty-fourth have been assigned, is
booked to sail to-day. If she can get
away the Thirty-fourth will be out Just
in time to make room. There will be
another regiment ' In, the Thirty-third
from San Antonio, Texas, about Septem
ber £0, and the Thirty-third will <b e in
danger of banishment to Angel Island if
■ there is any delay in the leaving of the
Thirty-first, booked to sail on the Grant
;on September 18. No westbound regi
ment has so far arrived from the East
i on time, however, so the coast will very
probably be clear when the Thirty-third
I arrives.
Company F of the California regiment
1 bad ' i of Minnesota to lunch yesterday.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1899.
ARMY MAN MADE CAPTIVE
BY A HONOLULU BELLE
SS ' r : .. ■ .-: :%%
'**, V IETJTENANT HENRY MERRIAM, Third Artillery. United States 55
£5 I army, and Miss Alice Lishman are engaged to be married. «•
rm , The fair young bride-to be is the. daughter of William Lishman, a „
o» I prominent merchant of Honolulu, and the happy and fortunate man is **
• ' ■ 'the eldest son of the distinguished officer General Merriam. 88
•* At present Miss Irishman and her mother are visiting 1 in this city 88
S3 and It was not intended that the betrothal of the young people be made 88
j» public until Miss Irishman's return to Honolulu. . However, the secret was e»
c, altogether too good to keep and yesterday the Island belle admitted that the ?r
•^ army man had won her heart. . *°
*3 The engagement of Miss Llshman and Lieutenant Merriam dates back to 88
S3 last September. The young couple met in Honolulu. After a brief acquaint- 88
£• ance Merriam sailed for Manila and Miss Lishman came for an extended o«
gj visit to this city, but before the young couple parted they had exchanged _-
__ vows of love and constancy. *°
*? Miss Lishman is an extremely beautiful young woman, charming and ac- •$
•5 complished. She has seen considerable of society in Honolulu, where she is 88
85 an acknowledged belle. 88
jg Lieutenant Merriam returned about a month ago from Manila and is at o»
r, present stationed at Angel Island. No date for the wedding has yet been set, Jz
*1 although it has been decided that It would not take place for another six •"
•* months. , 83
S3 Miss Lishman will not return to her island home until late in December, 88
88 8?
!* !8 82 x !8 !S n 88 & Si SS 8* £ n S8 88 ?iss ss S2 88 88 !8 82 8S 8S ?i » S3 88 8 88 88 Zi 88 U
MISS LIZZIE PRUE IS
RAPIDLY RECOVERING
SHE HAS BEEN REMOVED TO DR.
LANE'S HOSPITAL.
Yellow Journalism Is Seeking to
Make Capital Out of the Un
fortunate Girl's Attempt
on Her Life.
Miss Lizzie Prue. the young lowa girl
who attempted to commit suicide In the
Grand Hotel Tuesday night and again
"Wednesday morning, is now well, on the
road to recovery. Wednesday night she
had several attacks of heart failure, but
Dr. Robinson never relaxed his" care for
an instant and yesterday morning he was
able to say she was out of danger. Dur
ing the day her brother telegraphed to the
manager of the Grand Hotel to send her
home at once, but the doctor recom
mended a rent of a few days before send
ing her on the long journey.
Miss Denny, who became acquainted
with Mips Prue in the Grand Hotel re
mained with her friend all night and all
of yesterday. She offered to take the un
fortunate girl to Benicia, but the yellow
Journal came on the scene and for ad
vertising purposes had her removed to
Lane's Hospital.
There is really nothing more to be done
for Miss Pnle, as all she wants is a good
rest. To Dr. Robinson belongs all the
credit of bringing her back to life. From
11 a. m. Wednesday until 6 a. m. Thurs
day he was in constant attendance upon
Miss Prue and had it not been for his
skill she would undoubtedly have died.
The would-be Filicide was in a much
healthier frame of mind yesterday. She
now wants to live and is sorry she tried
to kill herself. Miss Denny is 'still of the
opinion that she was out of her mind
when she took the poison and Miss Prue
says she remembers nothing but an over
whelming desire to die. After spending a
few days in the hospital she is going back
to her home in Waverly, lowa.
Payment on Bonds.
United States Treasurer Ellis H. Rob
erts has sent an interesting bit of in
formation to Assistant Treasurer Julius
Jacobs of this city relative to making
payment on certain United States bonds.
lit- Bays in substance: "You may antici
pate the payment of coupon 4's, due on
the Ist of October, beginning with 18th
inst. Interest checks on the same loan
will go forward by mail on the 21st for
payment by you when presents. Give
immediate attention and advise public."
I It was an informal affair, and a most
enjoyable one. The ladies of the two
companies were all present, and they saw
that no soldier was neglected. The offi
cers of both companies spoke, and several
of the men lent their aid in an impromptu
programme.
Acting Assistant Surgeon John
Sturgeon Hill has been assigned to duty
at the general hospital at the Presidio.
Captain Ulysses O. McAlexandrr, Thir
teenth Infantry, has been relieved from
duty with the recruits at the Presidio
and has been assigned to the general hos
pital as quartermaster and commissary,
i * Uevlng First Lieutenant George A.
Reed, Fifty-first lowa Volunteers. Lieu
tenant Reed will continue on duty with
his successor until the lowa regiment re
turns from Manila, when he will join his
command again.
The following named acting assistant
surgeons, now at the United States gen
eral hospital awaiting transportation to
the Philippine Islands, have been ordered
to Manila:
Guy G. Bailey and Fred M. Barney, on
', the transport Sikh, to sail about the 23d
instant.
Albert P. Fitzsimmons, on the transport
Shurman, to sail about the 21st instant.
John J. Gilhuley, on the transport
Grant, to sail about the 18th instant.
John H. Mitnick, on the transport Sher
idan, to sail about the 24th instant.
J. S. White, on the transport George
W. Elder, to sail about the 20th instant.
The following sentences have been
passed by courts-martial:
Private Emlle Cluzet, Hospital Corps,
United States army, found guilty of for
gery, sentence: "To be dishonorably dis
| charged the service of the United States,
forfeiting all pay and allowances due him
i and to be confined at hard labor at such
place as the reviewing authority may
! direct for three months."
Private William C. Miller, Battery N,
Sixth United States Artillery, found
i guilty of absence without leave and lar
ceny, sentenced: "To be dishonorably
discharged the service of the United
States, forfeiting $10 pay and to be con
fined at such place aa the reviewing au
thority may designate for one year."
Private William H. Watson, Batten,- A,
Sixth United States Artillery, found guilty
of attempting to strike the guard placed
over him; of escaping from the guard
and remaining absent from his post until
arrested, sentenced: "To be confined at
hard labor under charge of the guard for
one month and to forfeit three months'
pay."
The Yosemlte Club will receive those of
its members belonging to the returned
First California Volunteers to-morrow
evening in the clubrooms, 105 Ninth street.
The members of the club await the event
with great interest, for besides being able
to welcome the fighting boys they have
prepared a first-class programme. Each
member of the club is entitled to invite
a friend to be the guest of the club for
that evening. Refreshments will be
served.
Next Tuesday evening, September 19, at
Metropolitan Hall, an address will be de
livered by Rev. William D. McKinnon on
"The Californians in the Philippines."
There will be a short entertainment pre
ceding the same, in which the sextet of
the First California Volunteers and prob
ably also the regimental band and other
members of the company will participate.
The address is for the benefit of the Cath
olic Truth Society, which spent many
thousands of dollars in caring for the sol
diers before they left for Uie Philippines.
TEACHERS SEEK TO HAVE
SCHOOL FUNDS INCREASED
ENCOURAGED BY SUPERVISOR
HOLLAND'S ATTITUDE.
Secretary Simpson of the Board of
Education Issues a Call for a
Meeting.
Secretary J. A. Simpson of the Board of
Education yesterday sent the following
notification to principals and teachers of
the public schools:
You are hereby notified that the Board of
Kducation has authorized that the pupils be
dismissed and the schools closed Friday after
| noon, September 15, lM»a, and that a meeting
■ of the principals and teachers of this depart
ment be held in the auditorium of the MiHslon
High School, corner of Eighteenth and Dolorea
streets, at 1:80 o'clock p. in., Friday, Septem
ber 15, 1899. Question of school funds. Attend
ance Is requested.
The object of the meeting is to urge
upon the Supervisors the necessity of in
creasing the appropriation of the School
Department. It is understood that the
pedagogues are desirous of having $6000 a
month added to the appropriation as al
ready fixed. They are very much encour
aged at Supervisor Holland's attitude, in
the matter. His intention to submit
amendments increasing certain appropria
tions, as published exclusively in yester
day's Call, includes $70,(M> additional for
the public schools, and this is practically
the amount sought for by the teachers.
Supervisor Aigeltinger, when seen yes
terday, stated that he will stand by the
figures as presented by his colleague, and
his support may he counted upon. A me
morial will be addressed to the Supervis
ors expressing the wish of the teachers
on the subject before next Monday's
meeting, when the lax levy must be posi
tively fixed.
Orphanag-e Reception.
The managers of the Maria Kip Orphan
age will receive their friends next Sat
urday afternoon, September 16, between
the hours of 2 ami 5, at the orphanage,
520 Lake street, corner of Seventh ave
nue. The children have arranged a short
programme to amuse their visitors and
will also nerve light refreshments. All
persons interested in this most worthy
charity for girls are invited to be present.
The South Dakota band has most gener
ously donated its services for the enter
tainment. Miss Shipley will give some
very fine selections on the cornet.
TARTAR GIVEN
HER CLEARANCE
Allowed to Sail From
Hongkong.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
i»AoxjimunjiX| nepi. i*. — Clearance pa
pers have been allowed the Tartar • at
Hongkong. It is expected that she
will proceed to the United States at once.
The Information that clearance had been
allowed came in a dispatch to Adjutant-
General Corbln this morning from Colonel
Metcalf, commanding the. Twentieth Kan
sas, and the troops aboard the trans
port.
It is supposed clearance papers were al
lowed upon the suggestion of the British
Foreign Office to the British Governor at
Hongkong that it would be unwise to In
terfere with American transports. An
other dispatch from Colonel Metcalf in
reply to one sent yesterday states that
the Tartar was no more overcrowded and
that the food was as good as on other
transports leaving Manila. He said that
the trouble arose among the discharged
regular soldiers who were returning home
on board the ship.
FILIPINO SCHOONER
DESTROYED BY WATSON
The Admiral Cables the Result of
Sharp Engagement With the
Natives at Balemao.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 14.— The follow
ing dispatch has been received at the
Navy Department: "
MANILA. Sept. 14.— Secretary of the
Navy, Washington:
Davidson, commanding the Paragua, re
ports sharp engagement at Balemao. Ves
sel struck many times by rifle shots; no
casualties. Paragua silenced insurgents'
lire in twenty minutes; range from 400 to
900 yards. Occasion, capture Filipino
schooner which Davidson destroyed.
_ , WATSON.
Balemao is in the province of Masbate,
south of Luzon and north of Visayas.
NATIVES ANXIOUS TO
WELCOME AMERICANS
Tagalos Oppress the People of Samar
Who Seek to Hoist the Stars
and Stripes.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 14.— Mail advices
received at the War Department from
.Manila atate that the natives of the isi
CITY TEMPLES
WERE CROWDED
TO THE DOORS
Day of Atonement
Celebrated.
PRAYERS FOR THE DEPARTED
• IMPRESSIVE SERVICES MARKED
[ THE OCCASION.
'♦
• Choirs Were Augmented and the
f Sound of the Shofar and the
Chants of Cantors Aided
( Worshipers.
$
5 The . ceremonies marking- Tom Kippur,
j the Jewish day of atonement, closed at
', I sundown last night. The rigid fast that
■ | was enjoined Wednesday night continued
> ' until the close of the services yesterday.
! | The services in the synagogues lasted con
( I tinuously from 10 a, m. to sunset.- In
t i every synagogue worshiping Jews
' thronged to" show their loyalty to their
' ancient faith. Choirs were augmented
> and assisted largely to make the services
! impressive. So large was the demand for
• room that it was necessary to reserve
| seats for seatholders in several syna-
g ogues. Memorial services were held in
> every synagogue and special prayers were
; offered at the request of those who have
, lost relatives by death during the past
| year.
At Tempel Emanu-El Rabbi Yoorsanger
; urged the Jews to be loyal to their relig
ion. "I tell you it is high time," said
Rabbi Voorsanger, "that you should un
derstand that the religion of Israel is not
merely a religion of an idol before which
to kneel once a year. It is not the relig
ion of gratitude to express when God has
been good to you. It is the religion of
the virtuous man, of the virtuous woman,
who understand that all life, from its be
ginning to its ending, should be the ex
pression of God in man. It is the religion
of conduct. It is next a question of loy
alty, and next of self-respect."
Rabbi Voorsanger denned loyalty as "a
virtue that does much to improve the re
lations between man and man and the
agencies for the interpretations of God's
law." "The higher virtue of our lives
is loyalty to the parent who • gave us
birth. God pity the man who has not loy
alty for his mother, for his flag and for
his religion. As the mother suggests
protection and love, so does the flag sug
gest protection from worldly danger*; and
religion- suggests the undying hope of the
soul. The sacrifice of loyalty is, at the
same time, the sacrifice of self-resp-.ct.
I do not mean, by loyalty to religion, sim
ply attending the synagogue. 1 mean a
loyalty of heart and of affections; a loy
alty that will come from the sentiment
within us that we will stand by our cause,
no matter what happens, and never let
it go under."
The speaker also urged self-respect. A
man who did not respect his religion does
not respect himself. He had much to
learn who had too little self-respect. A
people who had not self-respect would be I
judged harshly by the world. The cause
was lost that was not founded upon per
sonal conduct, loyalty and communal and
personal self-respect. Cantor Stark and '
Organist Sabin conducted the musical ex
ercises. An orchestra took part .in the
memorial services.
At Sherith-Israel Synagogue Rev. Dr.
Nieto compared the Jews of two periods,,
the Jew of ancient history and the Jew
of the present day. When the barriers
were rent and the Jew of olden times was
liberated the world ceased to molest him
in the practice and observance of his
religion. His hand was taken by his
brother man and he was recognized.
When the ghetto fell what was to be
come of the Jew? He had a difficult task,
for he knew only his own language; he
had to make his way; yet all the facili
ties for success were dented to him. How
could the Jew progress?
He has been brave; he has been true
to religion. Dr. Nieto wished to deny
that the Jew had been either cowardly or
Irreligious. The charge of cowardice upon
the Jew of history was based upon a mis
taken conception of hifmility. The charge
that the Jew would not fight for his
country had been proved to be false. In
Russia he had joined a service that had
given him no honors and has left his
family degraded. Germany was served
by the Jew, but no honors were given him
in return. In France a Jew was not ac
corded his rights. No wonder that he did
not care to serve in the army or navy
of France. But in England and America
the Jew, being accorded his rights, had
proved to be as brave as a Hon. In San
Francisco there were at the time of
speaking 300 Jewish soldiers who were
wearing the uniform of the United States.
and of Samar are praying for the speedy
arrival of the Americans and will wel
come the hoisting of. the American flag.
It is said that as a result of the forcible
collection of taxes by the emissaries of
the insurgents, who take all they have
got, the natives are in a state of semi
dtarvation. They have no faith in the
Tagalos and they earnestly desire Ameri
can protection.
An insurgent leader, General Luzban,
has bolted to Japan, taking with him
$2firto collected by him for the insurgents.
The agents of the insurgents endeavor to
force the natives to join their forces,
which they will not do. The condition in
the island, it is asserted, is rapidly ap
proaching riot and anarchy, as the heavy
and continued drag upon them in the
form of tribute exasperates them, and
they, the letter says, threaten desperate
disturbance If it continues.
TROOPS TO COME HERE
EN ROUTE TO MANILA
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 14.— Santa Fe
officials here have been informed that
six special trains bearing the members of
the Thirty-second Volunteer Infantry
Regiment will leave Leavenworth to-mor
row for San Francisco. The trains are
due at San Francisco on Wednesday, the
20th, and will come by way of Mojave.
A train of eighteen cars will leave San
Antonio, Texas, loaded with men en
listed there for the regulars, and will
pass through here over the Southern Pa
cific route on Monday for San Francisco.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 14.— Secretary
Root has ordered the Twenty-eighth Vol
unteers, Lieutenant Colonel Leonard,
from Camp Meade. and the Twenty-ninth,
Colonel Hardin, from Fort McPherson,
for San Francisco, to embark for the Phil
ippines. The order is the same in form
as that issued to other regiments.
Ship May Be Saved.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 14.— A cable dis
patch received here from Quartermaster
Miller at Manila gives information con
cerning the cable ship Hooker, .which was
wrecked on a reef near Corregidor Isl
and more than a month ago. It says:
"Position of Hooker on the reef shows
slight alteration for the better. Bids for
saving the vessel and cargo opened Sep
tember 15. Have sent to .Hongkong for
appliances."
GENERAL McC. REEVE'S TRIP.
Dr. Kinyoun Charges Him With Vio
lating the Quarantine
Regulations.
General C. McC. Reeve forms the
subject of a complaint made yesterday
by Federal Quarantine Officer Kinyoun
to Port Collector Jackson. Dr. Kinyoun.
alleges that when the Government trans
port Sheridan arrived on the night of
September 7, General Reeve in a gasoline
launch approached the vessel, and with
out giving any heed to the Teaming of
the customs and quarantine officials not
to come on board because she v^ad not
Hales.
a good story continued.
our millinery opening ~~ '■ ~
holds attention like a con-! separate skirts
 , , « , , ! 31 ladies' white pique separate
tinued story — each Chap- skirts, that sold for $3.50, $4 and $5;
. . ■v-. , . . r L a few show effects of handling—
ter bringing added interest, more are perfect; their room i 3
° ! worth more than their company, so
the price is $1.25
but the colorings of romince pal- 1 36 ladies' all-wool plaid separate
hesidethe exauM'e rff-cts in fail hat* ' skirts . new goods just in; fall styles
beside exquisite crr-cts in ran nats intended t0 sell at $5; come jn all
spread before you for entertainment lengths; we make a quick price of.,
and admiration. $3.69
children's wear
a £IOVe event children's eiderdown cloaks, 2 to 6
we have three lines of ladies' years, in assorted stripes with cape
..., , trimmed with white Thibet fur
gloves we don intend carrying any $ii.25
more, because we have replaced children's jackets in brown and
them either by better values or more blue mixed cheviots, with large cape
desirable kinds; they comprise three trimmed with combination cloth and
desirable kinds, they comprise three braid( aggg 4tQ v rg §4
lots, 2060 pairs in all, put on sale .
this morning and priced with the bed COVePingS
deliberate purpose of disposing of | white dimity bedspreads, large
• them at once: size : a light-weight spread for hos-
-300 pairs 2-clasp Eskay kid gloves; V^ u £ e ' their value is $1.25, "but to
. . ... v, , . Ao . close them out we make the price..
4 rows heavy silk stitched backs, : ... *>Oc
quirked fingers; pique seams. 150 pairs white cotton blankets,
'360 pairs 2-clasp pique lambskin w 'th colored borders; used some-
walking gloves, with spear and Paris {Snl^SS^^e^S^TlShg?
point embroidered back, sizes by 2 to SO iled from handling:
7 in red, tan. brown, green, black 75c quality Gsc pair
pud white ' $1.00 quality Sl><« pair
and white. $1.25 quality J)S pair
1400 pairs 4-button Hte. Jouvin 51.50 quality $1.25 pair
genuine French kid gloves; one of I
the best gloves on the market, but|ne\V dPeSS £OOdS
clasp gloves are fashion's favorites; BLACK _ CHEVIOTS— two new
In sizes 5% to 7%, mode, red, brown, cloths, extra heavy black cheviot
white, pearl and cream; sizes 5%, suitings, 54 inches wide... .
6%. 6, 7*. m and 7% in black. "black CLAY * SERG^a
these gloves are all first quality, twill, best English fnake and extra
perfect condition, fresh stock and heavy; 50 inches wide. sl.so a yard
" RPlline at ' $150 ■ a pair" every pair NEW PLAIDS— fancy skirts
selling at $1.50 a palr _ c; '"'' 'Cheviot plaids will be much used;
guaranteed; assortment of colors new styles in heavy Scotch, effects,
and sizes good; they are on sale to- ma n popular colors; 46 inches wide
day and until sold at.....51.1S pair, $1.25 a yard
< , -A. ■ ■ " *
Manila music __ --.
Sweethearts in Brown _ M ML^r - ' J^*^ Continues
B. a .l?h U . e p«igßiv- m^s^GoobOOOO^^ all
' er 25c the
Camp Dewey March 35c 935 » 937 « 939 ' 941 ' 943, 945 ' 947 week «
E!ghth°Armi c ci'r P i 35c . ■ Market Street. ■ . ■ ' .
Cantor Davis conducted the music of the
service with an augmented choir.
Rabbi Levy preached at the Geary
street Temple morning and afternoon.
During the afternoon service he asked
his hearers to consider whether they had
passed through the day of atonement in
the proper spirit. Fasting and prayer
were unavailing unless the heart hart
been purified. Had the whole day found
his congregation in a contrite spirit:
Had they taken the attitude of the dying
man who said: "I have sinned, I have
transgressed, I have gone astray . He
urged upon all hearers that they should
harbor the proper spirit that would make
the season of real benefit to their fellow
men and to themselves. At the forenoon
service Rabbi Levy made allusions to the
dead and to the duty of living. Rev J.
Rabinowitz was the cantor. The choir
consisted of eight.
Rabbi Isador Myers of Congregation
Ohabai Shalome. took for his two topics
for the day "Paradise Lost" and "Para
dise Regained," discussing the first-named
at the morning service and the latter in
the afternoon. The Biblical story of the
Kin in the Garden of Eden and the ex
pulsion of Adam and Eve from the
garden was reviewed. God asked the
same Question in modern times that he
a skrd of Adam: "Where art thou?
Awakened conscience led to atonement.
Discussing the Day of Atonement the
rabbi said that it was a means to bring
man back to a state of happiness. It en
abled him to make his peace with God.
The children of Israel returned like doves
to their religion. To be like the dove
they must be humble and gentle. Man
can best find comfort in religion. D. Mey
erson was the cantor. The choir con
tained eight volunteer singers.
Services were held at B'nai B nth Hall
by Rabbi Abraham of the Septorlm con
gregation, composed of orthodox Jews
from the Orient. The services at NeVah
Zedek 943 Mission street, were conducted
by Rev. Mr. Rosenbaum. Jewish soldiers
were in attendance at all the synagogues.
The two most important musical ser
vices of Yom Kippur are those of Kol
Xidre— the eve of the holiday— and the
yet been given a clean bill of health,
boarded her.
The gasoline launch which had brought
him moved a,way, and not wishing to take
the responsibility of throwing him, over
hoard to the sharks, the officials' were
obliged to allow him to remain.
General Reeve, in explanation of his
act, said that he had not been warned
not to go on board the Sheridan, and that
he was not aware that he was violating
any law or regulation. Tho Minnesota
boys were so glad to see him, he said,
that they pulled him over the rail and
forced him to remain on board all night
against his will.
1 "nited States Attorney Coombs, to
whom the matter was referred, was
making an investigation.
A Parish Reception.
A reception will be tendered to those
members of the First California Volun
teer Regiment and the Heavy Artillery
who reside within the parish of St.
Joseph's Church on Wednesday evening
September 20, at the hall, corner of Tenth
and Howard streets. A committee of ar
rangements consisting of R. P. Doolan
Joseph T. Dowling and M. Bohanon
representing the St. linoent de Paul
Society, is preparing a programme. Rev
Father McKlnnon, chaplain of the First
California Regiment, will be among the
speakers. Admission will be by compli
mentary tickets, which may be obtained
from any of tiie members of the St. Vin
cent de Paul Society.
GRAVE CHARGES OF
CORRUPTION IN MANILA
Former Clerk TTnd«r Auditor of Pub
lic Accounts Says the Govern
ment Is Being Robbed.
DENVER, Colo., Sept. 14.— Napoleon E.
Guyot, late private of Company G, First
Colorado Volunteers, who during the last
three months of 1898 served as clerk un
der Major Kilbourn. and later under
Lieutenant Colonel Potter, auditor of pub
lic accounts. Manila, publishes this even
ing a signed statement in which the
gravest charges of corruption are made
against the American officials in Manila.
He says an examination of the vouchers
forwarded to Washington will show that
exorbitant prices are paid for all kinds
of supplies purchased in Manila- that
vast quantities of high-class wines and
other supplies have been purchased os
tensibly for the Spanish hospitals, while
in the American hospitals only the coars
est supplies are furnished. He says
courts-martial of private soldiers charged
with selling Government property have
been stopped because they would result
In the exposure of official "rascality. The
robberies, he asserts, will aggregate ah
enormous sum.
§ Next SUNDAY'S CALL will be a |
h marvel of beautiful illustrations »
>J — its half-tone work being es- «
« pecially fine.
Hales.
memorial service, instituted In commem
oration of the deceased members of tha
congregation, which takes place on the
afternoon of the fast day. Kol Nldra
especially contains a profoundly earnest
theme, as in it must be contained the es
sence of the festival, namely, the senti
ment of an atonement.
Cantor Stark composed the music for
I the service at the Temple Emanu-El, anK
i succeeded, wonderfully well in imbuing it
I with the necessary spirit. The cantor,
however, displayed his greatest ingenuity
j in the arrangement of the memorial ser
. vice, wherein he used a theme from
j Chopin's Funeral March and built thereon
'. a choral and instrumental structure tnat
j is as imposing as it is wealthy in har-
I money. Temple Emanu-El must be "re
j garded as being fortunate in the posses
\t' " t a soloist whose musical knowledge
•nables her to lay stress upon the gran
. ut me compositions which she la
I called upon to render.
Miss Daisy rohn's executive ability en
j hancep the effect of her solos. Having a
correct idea of proper expression, being
endowed with a line knowledge of tone
pl-acing and possessing an inborn talent
as to the most impressive places in these
sacred hymns, she had no difficulty i:\
convincing her attentive auditors that sh«
is particularly fit for this responsible po-
I sition.
Cantor Stark. Rhys Thomas. Homer
Henley and Mrs. Kelly were admired Iv
cause of their careful work, and Mr.
! Sabin. the organist, contributed his shar.^
j toward the success of this portion of th«
j services. The orchestra of twelve pieces
I did nobly, and cantor, choir and organist
I are entitled to much gratitude, inasmuch
as they were responsible for a musical
service the solemnity, impressiveness ami
I importance of which can only be ap
preciated by those who regard religion as
j the axis around which the moral life of
j man revolves.
I! "THE CREDIT HOUSE 1 ' I
1 Six Stories High I
I miliwm • '
: Music Cabinet in ma-}
;: hogany finish. High polish,!
well made, and of pleasing \
design. Plenty of shelf-;
room. Would delight a \
;: lover of music and be a :
1 1 useful and pretty acquisi- /
; tion to your parlor ...$5.50
'■<'< Sofa cushions, creton covered and!
''ruffled; variety of patterns. Make
p some comfort "and rest in the hardest
1 spot, 50c. '■ *
,; . Silk and velvet covered cushions
from $3 up to $6.
;" If not ready to buy now, will be just ,
I as pleased to" show you our household >
necessities and decorations. .; |
! I CARPET DEPARTMENT "
1 Matting remnants — 20c to 40c quality, I ',
1 1 10 cents a yard. No need to neglect '
1 entry, hall or odd room; bring measure- [[
1 ments.
I After selecting a carpet leave the
.rest to us. Our Electric Carpet Sew
; ing Machine insures quick, good sew- i
! — better than handwork; 3000 yards '
daily capacity insures prompt delivery. [
Free delivery. Oakland. Alameda, Berkeley
; M FRIEDMAN d CO.,
233 to 237 Post St. \<
][ Open tracings Near Stockton '
GOLDEN WEST BOTTLING WORKS,
"" ;- . Bottlers of
ANHEUSER-BUSCH BEERS.
Goods delivered to any part of tha citjr«
; f ■ : JPhone. Jessie 1523,